The San Francisco Call.
Color Dispute
\ May Cause ¦ I
'K'^rduhle^:-^
PROMINENT WOMEN OF FED
ERATION .. IN SESSION AT
LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles'
Mayor Gives
Greeting.
The Roberts matter ; has been/simmer
ing ever since the wife of 'the -.alleged
polygamous leader i said . she, as president
of the Authors' Club in Salt Lake City,
wo'yld be a' 'delegate to' the Convention by
Virtue of .her office. "Mrs. Roberts
changed her mind before ; the underlying
current of protest came ¦ to the " surface
and stayed at home. It Is' understood,
however, that a prominent ; Ea stern
THEMES FOR DEBATE;
To-day before the board she acknowl
edged her error, and Mrs. McMahon, in
stead of pushing her claims as the col
cred woman did at. Milwaukee under the
same circumstances even though a West
ern member/ of the board demanded she
be admitted, she withdrew amicably on
two. conditions. Onc^ was that the mem
bership committee shoulder the mistake
and she be seated In the convention, not
withstanding a vote was denied her.
' The opening day was distinguished by
two secref events which might have de
veloped Into sensations had they reached
the convention.. One which got as far as
the board of directors had to do with the
."turning down" of a delegate, from a se
cret society. The other, which concerned
the possible unseating of Mrs. Roberts "of
Salt Lake City, wife of the former Con
gressman from. Utah, in the event, that
she shoufd try tc appear as a delegate,
( was squelched in Its native State. i '
- Tiic ; first affair. ' which affects a na
tional • < organization of 8000 members,
came up before the board of directors iii
the morning at its secret session. Mrs
C. H. .McMahon of Salt Lake City. -It
seems, had been appointed delegate from
the P. E. O. Chapter In that city, which
had applied for admission to the General
Federation, and she had received her cre
dentials. But at the 7 last minuta ' Mrs!
Denison. as member of the membership
committee, discovered that secret socle
ties were not admissible, and so notified
the delegate. .
"But let us not forget that a great re
sponsibility is placed upon the women of
this convention. The feast has been pre
pared ; you have been made welcome, but
the ultmate success depends upon you and
me; yes, every lndlvicl«ai' woman before
me has to do with' the serving of this
feast. Every word spoken here will have
Its effect for good or evil, upon the. work
to .which we: stand pledged before the
world. We have said to the world 'that
we have come together here to affirm able
sentiment for the betterment* of the hu
man era. We. ourselves have cotno to be
strengthened. In every good purpose. Let
us, then, be on the alert to hear every
word that may be spoken of truth and to
lose no opportunity to rcpublish It and
pass it on to others. Above all things,
let us remember that we are here to 'un
tune nobody/ but to draw all men afU.r
the truth.":.
THE SEARCH FOR TRUTH.
pared to receive and to ; give/ more" than
has ever .been chronicled alany previous
meeting. We have come with that cour
age and enthusiasm that assures the ac-r
complishment of all things, and the free
dom which your welcome give* makes
possible the realization of our highest
hopes and at the .same time gives to us
the. assurance that 'weVshall realize our
happiest anticipations while enjoying the
pleasures you have planned for us.
• Continued on Page Five";
Majority of the ' Landsthing Favor
* Waiting Until ..After the Pie-,
biscite Is Taken.
COPENHAGEN, May 1.— The secret ses
sion of the Landsthing to-day was not
productive of definite action regarding the
Danish West Indies treaty, but a vote
Was taken at the closing of the sitting
'and indicated a determination on the part
ofthe majority to postpone ratification of
the treaty until after a plebiscite of the
islands has been taken.
The vote means the rejection of the pro
posal of the Folk thins and necessitates
a conference. The discussion is engender
ing Intense partisan feeling. In all circles,
and the party whips are vigorously used
to keep both sides firm. The opposition
hopes to hold together long enough to
force the rejection of the treaty, but the
faith of the leading pro-salers In Its rati
fication Is still strong.
to supply the Information requested be
cause no special account was kept of Phil
ippine war expenses, and It would der
quire the services of a. large force of
clerks to work out the Information de
sired.
In the House Gaines of Tennessee de
nounced conditions in the Philippines, de
claring that our army was making a
howling -wilderness of the Islands of Sa
mar and Cebu. -
DANISH CESSION TREATY
IS NOT YET RATIFIED
"There is an old proverb which seems
especially fitting upon this occasion— a
hearty- welcome ¦ makes, a royal feast.
Then, my friends, the feast we arc here
to celebrate indeed will be royal. The
men and women of Los Angeles have la
bored for months in our. behalf ; they have
prepared carefully for our coming, and
they have given the /finishing touch to
their work this morning, and that- the
beautiful kindness with which they
have welcomed * us •; to ' their city,
their homes and their, hearts. For
months we. -the • women ..of - -the
General: Federation. , have traveled' In
Imagination to this enchanted Bpo6 (J and
•we have dwelt upon the success ¦ which
has attended every biennial in the past,
and we' have .'come 'to" Los .'Angeles p're-
Mrs. J. E. Cowles spoke for the local
biennial board, and then followed the re
sponse by the chairman and president of
the federation, Mrs. Rebecca Douglass
Lowe, who said in part: ' ¦« '
"Witly each passing year new conditions
will naturally. • confront • us. • Much ¦ has
been accomplished but more remains -to
be done. We never • shall have finished,
neither shall we'- be discouraged. Skill
cemes with practice, and strength from
training, and each succeeding year of tho
federation will see both skill and strength
developed until we Khali 1 have attained to
the thoroughness, simplicity and unity
that will enable us to brush aside every
thing that stands in our way or impedes
our efforts for the betterment of human
ity."
in the struggle for existence to help them
selves, for the Improvement of industrial
conditions, for the 'encouragement "of/good
government and above all for better
hememaking and' a more intelligent care
and development of children. . /In .short,
the best methods of raising the standard
of living, both for ourselves and for oth
ers, to make us more worthy of this beau
tiful world in which God- has placed us
to grow. . >
Iowa and. Several Persons Are
Injured.
DES MOINES, Iowa, May 1.— A tornado
struck Bayard, Iowa, at 7:30 ' to-night.
Two elevators, the Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul station and a number of
dwelling-houses were destroyed. lua
agent of the Chicago, Milwaukee and St.
Paul Railway Is missing and Is supposed
to have been killed or injured. Telegraphic
communication Tvtth Bayard wa3 para
lyzed by the storm.
At Van Wert a funnel-shaped cloud
dropped . down on the " town. The high
wind blew down houses and barns and up
rooted large trees. Several people were
reported injured, but none killed. At Wel
don a farmhouse was . blown down and
three children* were Injured. The tornado
was seen from the town of Leroy, but that
town was not In Its path. All the towns
mentioned are in Decatur County.
Dwelling Houses Are Blown Down in
riNDSTORM DESTROYS
MUCH VALUABLE PROPERTY
; NOTED 'DIVINE. THE SILVER
. JUBILEE OF AVHOSE CONSE-
T v CRATION WAS CELEBRATED.
Spalding . responded and was
followed by Rev. .Francis G. O'Reilley,
rector, of St. -Mary's Cathedral.
-. • The, "sermon "at'this evening's exercises
waa'dellvered by. Archbishop Ireland. -
; More" than 400 Catholic clergymen from
all . parts of the United -States were in
attendance. The -decorations of the ca
thedral were lavish and were the gift of
Mrs. John Cudahy of Chicago, who di
rected ' the S committee to spare no ex
pense. V. .' >,• :. . "¦ . v
jjwiut . c.onsiaerea me question whether
steps should ,' be taken to, secure the'at
tendance of -Major Gardener in advance of
the arrival *of j that bfllcer's regiment It
was. stated that, the .regiment would not
leave- thefPhillpplries until about June 1,
arid-members of ? the, committee were ap
prehensive: that before/ the major could
reach ; Washington if he accompanied his
resiiherit,; Congress' would, adjourn. The
committee/decided not to issue a perempt
ory-summons for his attendance at th9
earliest -date,; as desired, but to ask the
Secretary of War to have Major Gardener
como on in advance of ; his regiment If
hot '-Inconsistent .with the good of. the
service. 1 -.; It is believed by members of the '
committee that Major Gardener will leave
Manila on' the next transport. .
AGUINALDO THE TOPIC.
"Aguinalflo the special subject of dis
cussion in the Senate , to-day." , As soon as
the Philippine Government' bill was' taken
up Carmack of Tennessee ;" resumed -. his
criticism of "the. Philippine; Committee be
causo of its refusal to call Aguinaldo and
other . Filipinos as witnesses.
f-He,. maintained ". that as reflections by
witnesses had been ¦ cast "on the character
"of Aguinaldo he ought to be permitted
"in: all" decency"-' to. defend; himself.
;; Carmack' s ./contention was sharply com-,
bated by } For'aker of ' phio,~ McComas of
.Maryland and Burton of Kansas.
.Culberson of- Texas, in support of a
statement 'by Carmack that the yVar De
partmenCsuppressed Information and fal
sified the Philippine ." situation, presented
a/ letter from the Secretary 'of War, which
he thought was ; proof of -the .Tennessee
Senator. > s'assertion.\,The!Secretary stated
in" the 5 letter ; that" It • waa '"> not : practicable
Riordan One
of Prelates
Present.
NOT FITTED TO RULE. _ •
Before leaving Manila,' _ General 'MacAr
thur said, he had a ' conversation *,wltlv
Aguinaldo, who told him that he had been
misinformed ns to the character;' e>f '. the
American people and. the purposes i of -the
American Government. Aguinaldo also
had told hirn It would be impossible atthls
stage • of their evol utloii "¦ for his owni peo- '
"pie to establish a stable, independent gov
ernment. This statement was voluntary,
he " said . and caused him ¦ to % revise, his
views about Aguinaldo; and after^he got
to* know him -he Attached .considerable
weight to what he said. Responding, to a
question v< by 'Senator Kawlins he. said
Aguinaldo was at the- time of the con
versation* a ? '.'qualified prisoner," but that
'no coercion "or' duress was resorted to to
'exact the statement. ;.;.,' *};••';!¦ '" ': \\ ;
.'•: Senator Rawllns appealed, to .the ;chalr
for as to the competency, of this
testimony; , claiming thaUit ' wasi'ex-parte
and .; from hearsay, and v that V Aguinaldo
should : : be .brought ; hcre . to testify,^but : he
was:- 1 overruled. '
The ' ccnimltee" In' secret TsessIohTat" this
General MacArthur expressed -the opln-.
Ion that the rebellion, against vSpaln" did'
not have Independence for its. object. '*¦•' .<;
"The Filipinos simply wanted the same
rights that Spaniards had at homo,", said
the general, "but the Insurrection against
the United States became; a; demand': for
independence, so' far as the leaders .could
give it form." . . ¦ . . ".
feet of mitigating^ the atrocities ; of .'the
Filipinos, which had (become, so' common,';
and - of convincing thousands that their
loyalty to the United -States' .would .'be"
protected. • - -' - ' . ; -. '
At the close of his response Dean Mack
presented Bishop Spaldlng wlth:a,purso !
containing $7000 from ) the clergy of the
diocese and with another purso contain
ing J1200 from Spalding,' Council. ;ivnlghtq'
of Columbus of Peorla, for: the establish- ,
ment of a free scholarship; in ! Spalding ':
Institute for boya, .. to ; be ¦ controlled iby'
the Bishop. ** '/; ¦¦f •'.;'•¦ " : - -' ; .;.;¦¦
Commencing at 12:30 . a banquet , was
served to the dignitaries: at tneEpIsco
paL residence. Toasts were responded to
bjf Cardinal Gibbons," Archbishop'. Kea'ne
of Dubuque. Iowa. Dean -Keatlng.'of Ot
'towa. 111.. Dean Mack of \ Rock Island.
111., and Archbishop Riordan of San Fran
cisco, the latter speaking to "Our.Qouri-"
try." : - ' ¦¦';- ¦ •; ... - ¦¦ ,¦..;.
The jubilee sermon was , preached -by
Cardinal Gibbons at 11 'o'clock.'-- .:¦• .
PEORIA,:ill.y Ma'y-li^The rtl|
yer jubilee ,'• of ;. the ; consecra-; $
tion of Right ; Rev. ; Jphn Xan^;. |
caster Spaldlng, -Bishop -Jof :f
the diocese of tPeorla, : was i";
..y ."celebrated at StI;;Ma'ry*s? Ca- ¦
thedral this morning. Followlnga'para'da; '
from Spalding Institute ,to\ the 'cathedral ,
of all tho local and ' visiting ; clergy arid
the Catholic societies of tlje city. Bishop '
Spaldlng celebrated solemn 11 pontifical
high mass and an elaborate .musical /pro
gramme was rendered by a choirof'lOO-;
voices. . ¦ • ' •¦' \ - '¦¦ . :
SpaldihgDuJyi
Honored Jot )
¦ , ServT0:y/,;\' : 'i
"The Interests of this convention .-will
naturally center around the reports of
the committees, where we shall learn the
best methods for the betterment of the
surroundings of the poor who are too busy
"Though we are somewhat isolated, our
horizon is broad. The vast -ocean
stretches before us and the peoples from
the islands of the seas and the countries
beyond come to us with their complex
civilizations and their strange gods. Our
State Is a highway from east to east and
is lhereforc controlled by unusual.condi
tions. Gladly, then, we welcome you who
bring to us the best sentiments and the
most advanced thought upon the social
questions of the day.
"California is a country apart/ set off
from the older centers by chains of
mountain?. It is a State of vast propor
tions, with great problems of its own to
solve: yet It is Intensely interested In
those of the world at large.
"The doors of our homes stand open an3
when you enter you may be surprised to
find greetings awaiting you, not alone
from California, but from your own horn*
States sis well, and even from countries
beyond the sea. For this State stands as
a federation of peoples 'from all places,
end new comers to the Mecca are sure to
find o!d friends to welcome them.
AM, DOORS ARE OPEN.
"In the name of the California club
women I bid you welcome. We have
looked forward for two years with pleas
ant anticipations to your coming, and
now that you are here, happiness Is ours.
We are glad that you have accomplished
that weary journey across the plains and
deserts and over mountains and ' have
come to the land of promise and plenty,
cf sunshine and summer— our California.
achievements of gentle women. It is with
a deep feeling of reverence that I stand
before this representative gathering x>t
American women. For it is the women
of this nation that have given us a race
that in a century and a. quarter has civ
ilized a continent and made "freedom* a
•word understood throughout the world.
This convention is a monument to the
laudable ambition of woman to secure a
place in worldly affairs where she can be
& powerful factor in making mankind
better."
MrE. Kate Bulkley, State president of
the California Federation, greeted the
delegates. She said:
"I believe that the future reader of
history will be thrilled with admiration
not only for the heroic acts of -courageous
men, but equally for 'the marvelous
"The heroic men of history have
achieved greatness generally through
deeds cf violent courage and less often
by great intellectual accomplishments.
Women of past times have won compara
tively few records on the tablets of fame,
cwJng to the limitations set about them
by false conditions of society. But with
the progress of humanity toward ideal
civilization has come the broader educa
tion of woman and opportunity for her
to display all the great qualities which she
possesses equally with man.'
GREETING TO DELEGATES.
Mrs. Chester P. Dorland opened the
meeting with an invocation, and Governor
Henry T. Gage welcomed the women on
behalf cf the State of California. Mayor
SI. P. Snyder followed with an ably de
livered address of welcome on behalf of
Los Angeles.' The Mayor said in part:
Mrs. Matthew Robertson, head of the
decorating committee, haxX superintended
the arrangement of the thousands of
callas that appeared in the auditorium. In
front of the great organ callas were
banked, and clusters of callas were fas
tened to the ends of the seats. Papyrus
and tropical foliage were used in abund
ance, and the lavish display of flowers
called forth words of admiration from
the Eastern guests. Over the orgam _Were_
f estoone<r lengths of yellow: satin ribbon,
symbolic of the Golden State, and yellow
¦was introduced here and there hy means
cf wild mustard, blossoms.
y~- OS ANGELES, May L— Callfor-
B nia flowers in the most lavish
B profusion, handsomely gowned
B * "women with bright faces that
f* ii^ suggested the very salt of
America's intellect, brilliant
speeches and hearty applause — these were
the features' that distinguished the first
open session of the federation convention
which was held this arternoon at Simp
con Auditorium.
Members of
Club Begin
Work.
The Chicago is expected to leave Venice
immediately. She will proceed to Nar!e. - .
where she will remain until the arrival of
the Illinois. Rear Admiral Crownlnshleld
is expected to organize a court to investi
gate the conduct of the officers and men
and if they are to blame, a court-martial
will be ordered: The effect of the action
of the Italian authorities will probably be
to cause American men-of-war to avoid
Italian ports for some time to come.
Embassador von Maypr des Planches, the
Italian representative in Washington, call
ed upon Secretary Hay this morning and
explained to him that it was a serious of
fense to resist .arrest in Italy; that the
officers should have submitted and they
could have made explanations to the po
lice authorities. He Intimated that hU
Government would order their release.
While this action is satisfactory to the
Government, a feeling of irritation has
been created by the incident, which may
ultimately have some importance. The
impression i3 growing in official circles
that the summary imprisonment of the
Chicago's sailors was due to the feeling
which exists in Italy against the United
States on account of the lynching here of
Italian subjects, and the failure of the
authorities to punish the murderers. It
is said that if the sailors of any other na
tion had been in the position of those of
the United States they would undoubtedly
have been returned to their ships to suf
fer punishment in accordance with tho
• regulations * of- their service* .
i TO BE IN VESTIQATED.
CALL BUREAU, 1408 G STREET. X.
W.. WASHINGTON, May l.-Secretary
Hay was advised to-day by Embassador
von Mayer that, as an act of grace, the
Italian Government .had consented to re
lease the officers and men of the Chicago
arrested and Imprisoned at Venice!
VENICE. May 1.— The imprisoned Amer
ican naval officers this afternoon gener
ously indemnified the parties claiming
damages for injury and the public pros
ecutor telegraphed to Rome that all le
gal impedimenta to the prisoners* pardon
were removed. Before their claims were
adjusted the claimants for damages had
telegraphed .to the Minister of Justice, SiST
nor Cocecy-Ortu, asking him not to accede
to the petition for pardon.
:; >/' ; an act of courtesy.
ROME. May l.-The King has pardoned
the officers of the United States cruiser
Chicago who have been Imprisoned at -
Venice. They will be immediately handed
over to the United States Consul, from
whose charge they will be transferred to
the Chicago, which is ready to sail.
Prosecution Displays
Ugly Temper of
the People.
.! .''General MacArthur'spoke'bf the capture
of papers- from high Filipino officials; in
which/tfie information was contained "'that,
if President McKinley should be re-elected
the insurgents would", surrender. , to the'
United; States. '; Ills -proclamation , - issued
shortly afterward, giving a correct inter-'
pretatlon" of ; the" laws " of war,' '¦ had ¦ the "cf •
Major General Mac Arthur to-day con
tinued his testimony before the Senate
Committee on the • Philippines. Answer
ing a question by Senator Culbcfson, the
general stated that Aguinaldo and the!
Filipino people were justified in "conclud
ing that the actions of the United States
army were sympathetic. The . Filipinos,
he said, were in a resentful and vindictive
opposition to Spain and any- active force
on their part against Spaln ; naturally
helped the United 1 States and vice iversa;
but, he said, there was a. distinct purpose
through the intercourse /between the
Americans and the Filipinos to repudiate
the idea of direct co-operation,". which in
a way committed: the United States:to a
policy. General Merritt, he said, was un
der the strictest- orders not to commit
the Government, but Aguinaldo "was anx
ious to make an artificial record ; which
would oblige General Merritt" to do some
thing he did not want to do. ¦'.?.
"The Filipino," said General MacArthur,
"has quite /a comprehensive knowledge
of Latin diplomacy. Aguinaldo wasland
edat Manila aboard an American ..War
ship because ihe was a usefurindjvldual,
who could be i employed in a manner that
would contribute to American success." ...
He described the assistance rendered by
the Filipinos, tov the United; States army
when'it ;first landed a.t Manila and 'said
that on account of '. their 'diverting 'the
fire.~of,th'«5 Spaniards the resistance to
the' United States -forces was somewhat
lessened. ; ; ; '¦ .''. .:.¦ •: -v ."/
DIDN?T SEEK : INDEPENDENCE.
The most significant? feature; of the or
ganization of the court by order of the
President is that it shows that Roosevelt
proposes to hold to his policy of review
ing every court-martial case. It is in
sisted that, this shows no lack of confi
dence in Major General Chaffee, but as
Major General Chaff oft is tho responsible
head of affairs in tho islands it would
not be proper to permit proceedings to
begin and end with him. The President
at first intended that Major Glenn should
be/ tried at San Francisco, but as most
of the witnesses, soldiers and natives can
be easily, assembled in Samar it was
dcenied advisable to direct the court- to
meet at Cathalogan.
MACARTHUR AGAIN HEARD.
"Detail for the' court— TJrigadier General
Frederick D. Grant, United States army;
Colonel Almond/B. Wolls. First Cavalry;
Colonel Alfred C. Markley. Thirteenth In
fantry: Colone} Ilenry.C. Ward, Fifteenth
Infantry; Lieutenant. Colonel Argalus C.
Hennissee, Eleventh Cavalry; Lieutenant
Colonel P. Henry. Ray* Seventh Infantry-
Major William- L/ pitcher, Eighth Tn
fantry; Major John'-C Dent, Twenty
fourth Infantry: Major. Frank de L. Car
rlngton. First Infantry; Major William
W. Witherspoqn.; Thirtieth Infantry; Ma
jor Bernard A.. Byrne^Thirteehth Infan
try; Major Robert N. 'Getty, First Tnfan
try: Captain vAbrahain P. Bufftngton.
First Infantry; Major Harvey C. Car
baugh, judge' adyocat* of the court. •,
-;,. J-'JS LJHt^^^T^lSecretary of •AVar." ; _
. Major r^Glenn is Cone- of the :' officers
chargedrwlth :;ord«rJng that -the -water
euro be. administered to the presidente of
the townof Igbafras, Hollo province, isl
and-of Panay. The 'order was carried
out. It was conducted by Lieutenant Ar
thur L. Conger. Eighteenth Infantry, as
sisted by Captain and Assistant Sur
geon Palmer Lyon. The orders for the
trial of Lieutenant Conger and Captain
Lyon have not been issued becciuse : the
department is waiting for additional evi
dence which is promised by the Senate
Philippines Committee. General Chaffee
has not cabled to the department' the
results of the investigation which he is
making in, accordance with the".instruc
tions recently sent him by direction -of
President Roosevelt, but any officer who
may be found implicated in the atroci
ties alleged to have been perpetrated will
be ordered before : tl. ; court-martial 'of
which General Grant is president: '
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU^J4Cfi q STREET, N.
>W.; WASHINGTON^May l.~By direction
of the President, /another court-martial
was ordered ,to-<lay;to meet in Samar to
try ofllccrs guilty of/ practicing atrocities
upon the natives of the Philippine Islands.
This order is specifically; for the trial of
Major 1 Edwin F.' -Glenn. Fifth Infantry,
and such other perpons as may be brought
before it. The other persons will be aif
those who as a result of the Investigation
which Major General Chaffee is now en
gaged in making may be charged with be
ing guilty of .cruelly toward Filipinos.
This is the text of: the order cabled to
Major General Chaffee:
"WAR DEPARTMENT, WASHING
INGTON. April JW/1P02.— By. direction of
the President, a' general court-martial is
appointed to meet, at Catbalo'gan, Samar,
Philippine Islands, on .Monday. May 12,
1902, for' tho trial of 'Major Edwin F.
Glenn, Fifth. Infantry. : and such other
persons as may be brought before it. '
NewCourtmartialto
Try Offenders in
Imprisoned Tars Pay
for Their Recent
Escapade.
President Determines
to Prpsecute
Glenn* y
All Of ficers Guilty of
Cruelty} Must
Answer. \
Italy's King Extends
Clemency to Men
of Chicago.
NOTABLE WOMEN GATHER
AMID SOUTHERN FLOWERS
FOR FEDERATION SESSION
CONSECRATION
JUBILEE OF A
NOTED BISHOP
PARDONS
AMERICAN
OFFICERS
ORDERS
FURTHER
TRIALS
SAN FR^NCiscb,^ §RII)AYi J/lVf AY 2, 1902. :
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI— NO! 153.By ingtoh of S an Francisco Becomes the Grand Presi
dent at the Santa Cruz Ses;son:«
NATIVE SONS IN CONVENTION
ELECT THEIR NEW OFFICERS
CARTOONISTIC GLIMPSES OF SOME NATIVES AT SANTA CRUZ.
SANTA ROSA, May 1.— Attorney James
M. Thompson was- appointed Court Com
missioner to-day by Superior Judges Al
bert G. Burnett and Samuel K. Dougher
ty sitting- in bank. Ira C. Jenks. who ha3
been . the I Commissioner for many years
past, resigned that position, on account
of his removal from this city. Thompson
is a prominent member of the Sonoma
County bar. He came to this city many
years ago from Minnesota.
Court Commissioner Appointed.
REDDING, May 1.— Judge G. F. Harris,
one of counsel for the defense in the trial
of J. W. Brown, an alleged Modoc County
lyncher. has been acquitted of the charge
of assault with a deadly weapon on George
M. Gleason, a saloon-keeper of . Alturas.
The assault grew out of the - - lynching
trial, the two men having quarreled over
the case. The charge against Harris was
dismissed on the ground that he had not
been brought to trial within the statutory .
limit ef sixty, days.- Judge Buckles of So
lano County presided at the trial.
Harris of Modoc Acquitted.
PORT ANGELES. Wash., May 1.— The
vessel reported ashore at Lapush turns
out to have been the rock barge Wash
ougal. She was in tow of the tug Sam
son on her way to Grays Harbor to loaii
lumber. Monday night the hawser broke
twice and the tug, despairing of bringing
her through safely, anehored her thr?e
miles south of the Quillayute River and
one mile off shore. Word was sent to
Neah Bay for help and Captain Ballon?
of the tug Tyee went to her assistance.
The crew of the tug. assisted- by the men
of the lighthouse tender Manzanita. which
wa3 In the neighborhood, got up tue
anchors of the barge and the tug started
out with the barge in tow. In about two
hours • she ran across the tug Sarasoa
and Captain Ballong turned the barge
over to that tug and came up to this port.
Hock Barge "Weathers a Gale.
The next day the ¦ wild man appeared
again, and two of the children fainted.
When he had run into the woods the
teacher adjourned school and spread the
alarm. An armed party went in pur
suit. The maniac's trail was easily fol-.
lowed, for he had a. deformed foot. He
was seen in the brush and he ran across
a field. He had evidently blackened his
f aee. The- ¦ pursuers could- net - flntl- hint
again. Next day the man appeared near
the Cole home and was recognized by his
two children as their own father. They
shrieked and he imitated them and then
ran away. Men are still pursuing Wright
and have several times seen and heard
him. J. F. Core i3 fearful and goes about
armed. The school will remain closed
until me man is captured.
REDDING, May 1.— The little commun
ity of Lake City in Modoc County, not far
from Cedarville, Is wrought up over the
presence of a "wild man" who ia really
a lunatic from one of the State asylums.
He has returned to bis old home and be
fore lapsing? again into utter Insanity
stated that he had come back to kill the
man who has married the wife who onco
was his and who is now foster father to
his two children. The madman has black
ened his face, hides in the thickets anil
approaches the settlement like a wild ani
mal. He has already spread terror.
About eight years ago a farmer named
Wright T?aa arrested for insanity and
committed to an asylum. He was dis
charged as cured after a year and re
turned to his home. • Again he became de
mented and was sent agatn to the 'asy
lum. His- wife after a time secured a d!
vorce and married J. F. Cole, who farms
near Lake 'City. Two weeks ago Wright
appeared suddenly in Cedarvjlle, made a
threat against Cole's life and disappeared.
Several days later the children at the Sol
dier Creek School were terribly fright
ened by a half-clad man who ran up to
the school yard fence and made grim
aces at them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
School Has to Be Closed Be
cause of Fright Among .
Children.
Armed Modoc County
. Citizens in Pursuit of
1 Maniac.
SEEK HAUNTS
OF A MADMAN
ifornia Parlor, San: Francisco, and James
L.' -Gallagher of Alcatraz Parlor were
the J contestants. 1 For the office of grand
outside sentinel. Bert Levy of Lower
Lake and J. Emmet Hayden. were pitted
against each other. Hayden was the suc
cessful candidate. The other officers
were then elected without a dissenting
vote: Grand president, Lewis A. Bying
ton of. San Francisco: grand first vice
president. H. '• 'R. :¦. McNoble of Stockton;
grand 'second vice president. Judge C. E.
McLaughlin of Quincy; grand, third vice
president, James L. - Gallagher of San
Francisco; grand- ¦'. secretary," Henry
Lunstedt of . San - Francisco: grand
treasurer, Henry S. Martin of San Fran
cisco; grand- marshal, L. ,W. Julliard of
San ta.Rosa; grand inside sentinel , Albert
¦ D. Barham of Los Angeles; grand out
side; sentinel,- J. Emmet Hayden of San
¦ Rafael. . :
There were, sixteen nominees for grand
trustees, as follows: Judge Ji. T. Doo
ling -.of Hollister; Frank R. Wehe of
Downieville; -Walter D.. Wagner of San
Bernardino; James M. Handley oC San
Francisco; Wlliam H. : Devlin of. Sacra
mento;. James- A. Devoto 'of . San- Fran
cisco; Charles - ; Boxton of San \ Francisco;
Joseph" Goldman of Merced ;. George L.
Jones of Nevada City; Joseph R. Know
land of , Alameda; John > Por-cher of San
Francisco; .Martin Murphy ' of- San Jose;
C.B.'.Vicini of Jackson; Thomas E. Cur
ran;' df San Francisco;; James H. TTaaff e
of South San Francisco and.L. H. Mooser
of San Francisco. .On, the first bal
lot>six of ¦ the~seven were elected:' Judge
M..T./ Dooling,. Joseph R.: : Knowlandi
James A. Devoto, Walter D. Wagner,
William H. Devlin' and George L. Jones.
Two . other votes were polled and at half
past 6 o'clock an adjournment was taken
for an! evening session.' '; ~ .
A -very interesting part of the session
came, after- the report of the. Monterey
custom" house committee. They;. reported
the; work • done by the . commission ap
pointed, to care -for the. building. The
lease had been' secured from the United
States Government. After the report of
the-, committee had been adopted, Mayor
Johnson of Monterey, a member of 1 San
Lucia*,Parlor, stepped forward. The new
grand- president, on <behalf of the Grand
Parlor, , turned over the .lease from- the
Government' 'to .Mayor Johnsorv who as
chairman of 'the commission appointed by
the. State received- it and said that he and
the commission .would'- be true to their
.trust: .. • :¦ -• . - ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦.. ; v'-. ''-..-: .-.¦¦ "¦.*•»
jvpuring- the afternoon the office of grand
orator was abolished- and a new office,
that of third vice president, was insti
tuted. The committee on the state of the
order* reported over 12,200 members -and
a ,f urid*. of ,$312,000 in the treasury. \ Four
teen/- parlors • have . assets of over $5000;
during the year four new parlors were or
ganized, and the- gainfin. membership was
200. ; ; The ¦ receipts of ¦ the parlors were
$152,05tf 10; the expenditures $160,299 93.
This /evening Martin Murphy of San
Jose^was elected grand trustee, defeating
ELECTION \i NOT -EXCITING.' -
One contest ; was" for the bfflce ? of grand
third vice president. ; W. D. Shea of Cal-
.This evening the Native Daughters had
their evening of entertainment; While the
Sons were at the grand banquet 'the lady
guests . of .. the Grand Parlor ; were being
royally entertained at the N. S. ; G. W.
Hall by the members of the local parlor,
of Native Daughters. The hall had been
j richly decorated with trailing- smilax, ¦ the
Beauty of Glazenwood rose and the feath
ery bamboo.' An informal musical pro
gramme of high order was given.- .
'The town to-day has been overrun with
Native Sons. About. 700 persons arrived
at 10 o'clock from San Jose on an excur
sion under the auspices of the : Native
Sons' parlor of that city. They were met
at the depot by a. band of music arid es
corted'up Pacific avenue. . Many natives
attended. the Grand Parlor. and others on
the excursion took. "to the beach, where
there were swimming races, or. enjoyed
the baseball' game between', a- nine; from
San Jose and the local team. V The score
stcod 9 to 3 in favor of San Jose. Three
umpires were U3ed up in the game. .
Scarcely ever in the' history < of / tho
Grand Parlor had there been such an ex
citement at an election. . Among, those
.who in flights of oratory; nominated can
didates were ,' F. Wehe ¦ of ¦' • Downleville,'
Mayor Catts of Stockton. J.'W. 1 Ahem of
Bakersfield. H. R.^McNoble of Stockton,
R P. Troy, of San Francisco, Past Grand
President Judge R. C. Rust of > Jackson,
State .Controller E. ; P.' Colgan of Santa
Rosa,v Grand Orator 'Judge C. E. Mc-
Laughlin, of : Quincy, Judge Angellottt -of
San Rafael, Attorney : . B! ..- K,
Knight of' Santa Cruz,: E. P. Troy of San
Francisco"," Frank D:> Ryah'of Sacramen
to;' M. Gunzendorfer ; : of - San ' Francisco,'
Frank Ma ttison of Santa Cruz,' Judge »W.
M. Conley of Madera, r Henry "\W. Dlnkel
spiel of San Franciscoi Leonard Stone of
San Francisco, John f T. Harmea, Senator
CM. Belshaw of Antioch and J. D.
of Chico. '. ... ; '
DAUGHTERS MAKE S MERRY.
After the menu came the toasts. Past
Grand President Frank Mattlsori . was
toastmaster. The following responded^ ia
the toasts: "The Grand. Parlor," Grand
First Vice President Byington ,'of . Sari
Francisco; "Santa Cruz Parlor. No.! 90."
District Attorney B. K. Knight ;V .'/Our
Absent Brothers." Judge M. T." Dooling of
Hollister; "Our Order," Past Grand Presi
dent' Judge R. c. Rust ofi.; Jacki
son; "Our State," • ¦ Past , -Grarid
President Frank D. Ryan ¦ of Sac
ramento; "The Pioneers,"., Grand Ora
tor Judge C. E. McLaughllri of ; Quincy;
,"Native Daughters," Mertbn Allen. of. San
Francisco; "Our Work,",. Gifand* Second
Vice President H. R. McNoble.df Stock
ton;. "The: Press," Grand' Past President
J. D. Sproule of Chicor "Ancient "His
tory," Past Grand | President 'John. : T;-
Greany of San Francisco; -"Any Old
Thing,", Judge C. M. Belshaw of Antioch;
To-night at the Sea Beach Hotel the
crowning event of the Grand Parlor oc
curred. This was the banquet given by
Santa Cruz Parlor in honor of the visit
ing delegates. The decorations were de
signed by E. M. Eisfelder, a prominent
member of the Bay City Parlor. In the
hallway leading to the dining-room were
streamers of red and gold /Overhead;, and
hanging, baskets of flowers. The arch be
tween the dining-room was in greens: cov
ered with California poppies. .On: the
walls were evergreens and light, blue. anrl
white bunting, while overhead were gold
and white streamers. There were t. seats
for about 400 persons at the tables,. which
were decorated with carnations 'and the
choicest of roses and cut flowers.'.
SANTA CRUZ, May 1.— The dele
gates to the Grand Parlor of the
Native Sons were up early to
day and had the, busiest and llve
. Hest of sessions. The entire day
meeting was devoted to the election of.
officers. It was a rare day. for the.ora
tors, and eloquence was at flood tide, with
never an ebb in prospect.
Charles Boxton of San Francisco. The
vote stood. Murphy 100. Boxton 86. It was
the most exciting contest of the Grand
Parlor, five ballots being- taken.
It was decided that a levy of 15 cents
per capita be made for the purpose of
forming an organization fund.
Frank Reed this morning, shot and killed
Thomas Owens of Myrtle Creek, a school
teacher, aged 23 years.
Owens was suspected of stealing an
overcoat and refused to halt when . cbn
manded to-do . so. Reed shot at' the
ground to frighten Owens and the bullet
glanced, upward, .: striking Owens in. the
back of the head and killing him, ,
¦ ?'«
The Best Fountain Pens.
We are selling agents for the "Water
man. Ideal Fountain Pens," $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall."
the best $1 Fountain Pen in . th«s world.
Sanborn, Vaii & Co., 741 Market st. •
Oregon Policeman Shoots a School
Teacher Suspected of Stealing
a Coat.
. ROSEBURG, Or., May 1.— Policeman
KILLS THE FUGITIVE
WHO REFUSES TO HALT
Visits Proposed Army Post Site.
TACOMA. May 1.— General Randall ar
rived in 'Tacoma from Vancouver Bar
racks to-day and accompanied a commit
tee of the Chamber of Commerce to the
proposed site for the new army post on
American Lake, a- few miles from- the
city, where it is proposed to secure a tract
of 20,000 acres. General Randall says the
War Department will require that much
l3nd. Provision will be made for an army
of 50,000 if. occasion demands.
Eight groups of properties comprise the
claims Included in the consolidation, sev
eral of them y being paying mines, while
other groups have been developed to' a
point where their profit-paying power is
assured. Some of the properties owned
by the company are the Saw Pit group
in Plumas County. California; twelve
claims in the Mount Baker district: five
claims in the Swauk district in Kittltas
County and many claims in Montana,
Idaho,. Oregon and Alaska.
Samuel R. Balkwill of Tacoma, J. O'B
Scobey, receiver of the Olympia Land
Office; John C. Denney, Judge of the Su
perior Court of Snohomlsh County; John
Donahue, president of the Donahue-
Caithness Lumber Company, and L. For
rest McConihe of Tacoma are the trustees
named for the first six months. Balk
will is president and McConihe is secre
tary of the corporation. ¦
TACOMA. " May 1. — Articles of incor
poration of the Consolidated Gold Com
panies were filed with the County Audi
tor yesterday. It is practically a trust,
formed for the purpose of economically
working many mines consolidated under
one management. The capital stock is
$15,000,000.
Consolidated Gold Companies Owns
Properties in Four Western
States.
EIGHT GROUPS OF MINES
UNDER ONE MANAGEMENT
The Foresters had on hand December 31.
1901, cash in various banks aggregating
$2,430,046 20. The title of the property held
by the order is vested in the Supreme
Court. The Supreme Court will conclude
Its Los Angeles session to-morrow, when
the proposed amendments to 1 the-consti
tution and by-laws will be approved or
rejected. To-night the visiting Foresters
will be In possessipn of the Masonic Fair.
The finances of the order also occupied
the attention of the Supreme Court. The
finance committee reported having found
all the Investments of the order to '¦; in
gilt-edge securities. The total amount of
funds thus in hand aggregates $987,512 94.
In addition different governments hold, as
trustees, funds in the amount of $154,
305 55. The mortgages held by. the order
consist of mills and other manufacturing
property, hotels and other real estate.
The total value of mortgages is $2,851,
169 32. • . .
Dr. Oronhyatekha; supreme chief ranger;
J. M. Cameron, supreme vice chief ranger;
Judge W. Wedderburn, past supreme chief
ranger; John A. McGilllvray, supreme
secretary; Thomas Mlllman, supreme phy
sician; E. G. Stevenson,' supreme coun
cilor.
The election of supreme officers for the
next three years developed but one contest
for high office. The Eastern delegates
supported J. H. -Cameron of Ohio for su
preme vice chief ranger and elected him
by a small majority over the opposition
of the Western members, who were back
ing H. G. McElfresh, high chief ranger of
the California Jurisdiction. The complete
list of the supreme officers elected is as
follows:. , ; ¦
LOS ANGELES, May l.-The Supreme
Court of the Independent Order of Forest
ers convened to-day at 10 o'clock for the
third day's session of the triennial con
vention. The delegates immediately be
gan the consideration of the mass of pro
posed changes in the constitution of the
order set for In the report of the supreme
chief ranger. Dr. Oronhyatekha.
Harriman has the reputation of being
the hardest man to see in New York.
He will sometimes send for a score of his
brightest railroad men to hold a confer
ence at a certain, hour. They will ar
rive, one by one, and possibly wait hours
and then go away without seeing him
When he is considering one subject he
will not. brook being disturbed, and re
mains closeted in his private room often
eight hours at a time.
H. E. Huntington followed closo on
Mr. Mackay'g heels. He also had to
wait fully an. hour before he could see
Harriman, and so it went on- all t'ay.
President Horace G. Burt of the Union
Pacific called . in the afternoon. He
counted every spot on the carpet of the
anteroom before President Harriman
finally saw him.
Millionaires do not "run. one, two
three" with President E. II. Harriman
of the Southern Pacific. It was* quite a
novelty yesterday morning In - the "yel
low building" to see John Vf. Mactcay
and H. E. HunUngton stamp -their canes
on the marble floor of the anteroom of
the executive offices, pull out their
watches, snap them furiously and then
wait— wait— wait.
Mr. Harriman had an appointment
with Mr. Mackay early yesterday morn
ing. Mackay sent in his card and word
was sent back that the little wizard of
Wall street would see him presently. The
hands of the clock went round and, as
the story goes, Mackay showed his impa
tience in no uncertain manner. It Is told
around the ¦ building that he remarked
that "he was not in the habit of waiting
for anybody." Anyhow, he decided to
remain and he had to wait Just one
hour after the time of his* appointment
before Harriman touched the bell and
asked for him to be admitted.
Order of Foresters Ad
vances in Financial
Welfare.
Millionaires Do Not
Especially Disturb
Harriman.
THEY ALL LOOK
ALIKE TO HIM
REPORTS SHOW
ITS PROSPERITY
The purchasing syndicate is the same
that has recently bought other street
railroad properties and gas and electric
plants in this section of the State, with
the intention, it is understood, of organ
izing an extensive electric railroad and
lighting systfm for Central California.
This syndicate has within the past fort
night acquired possession of the Salinas
gas and water plant, and has secured a
franchise to build an electric road from
Santa Cruz to Capitola. The Monterey
road is to be converted into an electric
line and extended to Point Plnos light
house and thence around the peninsula
to Carmel Mission.. The section from Del
Monts to Pacific . Grove will, it is stated,
be completed and running in time to ac
commodate the summer increase in traf
fic. The syndicate will operate this
property under the name of the Mbnterey
Gas and. Electric , Company. \
MONTEREY. May 1.— The Monterey
and Pacific GrtJve street car line was
sold to-day to a Los Angeles syndicate,
the buyers being M. C. McQuigg, John M.
Gardiner, R. C. Smith and O. G. Hubbeli.
The deal had been pending for some time,
but was not closed until last night. ' The
first cash payment was made at an early
hour this morning. The exact amount
paid foe the property Is not made pub
lic, but it is stated on good authority to
be about $50,000.
¦ Paid.
Hf».ve Been the Price
Fifty Thousand Dollars Is Said to
SYNDICATE PURCHASES —
> « : JL MONiTEBEY CAB. LUTE
The Rose Fete, held in the pavilion, was
a very popular feature of the entertain
ment. The display of choice garden and
field flowers has seldom been excelled.
The exhibition was divided into sections,
each under the supervision of one of the
civic or religious organizations of the
town. The result was a good-natured
rivalry, which, manifested itself in an un
'usually attractive display. No, admission
was charged to the pavilion and the place
was thronged all forenoon with admiring
visitors.
A ball was held at the pavilion in the
evening and many of the guests stayed
over to attend. The committee on prizes
made the following awards: Float, A. O:
U. W.; private carriage. Miss Cohen: ad
vertising wagon, John & Johnson; store
window. Darnell & Co.; artistic floral dis
play, Mrs. R. P. Gpber; display of roses.
Miss Belle McMurtry; tube roses, Mrs. J.
B. D. Manning; wild flowers. Miss Laura
Hill: general display of cut flowers, Mrs.
F. Baker and Miss Bessie Cooper; sweet
peas. Mrs. R. A. Urquhart; pansies, Mrs.
i Gerlach. . ...
The literary exercises were held in
Bunker Hill Park immediately after the
period assigned for lunch. After a selec
tion by the band, James H. Lyndon, presi
dent of the day, introduced as the speaker
D. C. Clark, Mayor- elect of Santa Cruz.
Clark delivered an address upon the
origin, achievements and aims ot the or
der. His oration was attentively listened
to and was marked with frequent ap
plause.
Immediately after the oration a competi
tive drill, participated in by San Jose
Company No. 8 and Liberty No. 11 of Oak
land, was held. Captain Van Sant of San
Jose led hia men upon the field first, and
though they have had an inadequate opr
portunity to drill together, they made a
very creditable showing. Liberty Com
pany No. 11 was greeted with applause as
it marched forth with a formation that
would have done credit to veterans. Cap
tain J. A. Cavasso put his men through
many difficult evolutions and there was
scarcely a flaw in their execution. At the
conclusion of the contest Liberty Com
pany was awarded the first prize and
San Jose Company was awarded the sec
ond prize. San Jose Company also car
ried off a prize for having/the largest per
centage of membership in line. Dancing
in the grove was the chief attraction for
the major portion of the afternoon.
-The festivities commenced with the ar
rival of the train from San Jose, aboard
which -was Sari Jose Company No. 9,/Cni
fbrm Bank,. Knight? of Pythias, fifty
strong, with a thousand of their friends
and other pleasure-seekers. The San Jcse
company at once fell into. line with Los
Gatos lodge : to welcome th'e delegations
which, were to arrive at intervals there
after from other points. The companies
of the Uniform Rank which were in line
ma-de a handsome appearance and they
were enthusiastically applauded along the
line of march. The accuracy of their
street evolutions was particularly notice
able
LOS GATOS. May 1.— This; city enter
tained 10,000 visitors to-day, the guests of
honor being: the Knights _of Pythias, who
carrie in force from San Francisco, Oak
land, Berkeley, San Jose and Santa Cruz.
Social Dispatch to The Call."
Literary Exercises Ara Held
and Rich. Prizes Are
Awarded. . \ : ;
Pythian s Gather at Los
Gatos for Fine Fes
tivity.
KNIGHTS WIN
ROYAL GREETING
THE SAN FK AKCISCQ CALL.,; FRIDAY, MA^ % 1902.
2
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
coal; coke and piq iron.
J. CWESOy & CO.. : T ff,ffirsg&
FRESH AND SAtT MEATS.
JAS. BOYF^ & fft Shipping Butebers. 10+
OILS.
LC ?, 1 2 1 9 ATIK& Ol^a. LEONARD A E1XI*
*I8 Front st.> S. F. Phona Main in*
„ > PRINTLNQ.
V- ULUUCj. BU Bansoma it.. 3.
'-..' '¦':' . PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDO CO.
23 Fint strut. 8aa msclaoK
ESPIITS CIGARETTESjbrPOWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC r NeW York. E. POUOBSA ft CO.
DDTTCUTTC! FOB BARBERS. BAkI
DJCi U OnUlO ««. bootblacks, bath-
1 houses. - billiard tables,
brewers, 'bookbinders, -candy-makers, canners,
dyers. , flourmlUs. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers. :, printers.: patnters. shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roof e.rs, tanners,' tailors, etc .
bUCHA^Ai". BRO6.
Brush, Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento &j
Weak Men aid Women
strength to sexual orgrans. -, Depot.- 323 Market
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOKBOOKS
A' car-load' of Cook Books. •
just arrived from Chfeajro and -
are ready for distribution at
the biuinei« office of titis .
1 paper. ¦-. All / Call * Rubscrlb«m
¦' are. entitled to. a copy of thin
. great Cook Book at the prem- .
lam price of fifty cent*.;/. .' -' '-
"; An' additional charge "of 20',..
cents to pay cxprcisage Trill
- lie reqnlred.froin ont; of 'town 1^,
nabscrlbcrs ordering; by mnll.
ATTENTION,
VOTERS!
Register^ t Once.
All citizens must register to
vote at any -Election of 1902.
Office open frofn 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and . WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9. .
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J.WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
Mir*
DR. KIUffEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DO YOU GET DP
WITH A LAME BACK?
Have You Rheumatism? Do You Have
Bladder or Uric Acid Trouble?
To Prove What SWAMP=RQOT, the Great Kidney and Bladder
Remedy, Will Do for YOU, AH Onr Readers May Have a
Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Pain or dull ache in the back Is un- , o; the bladder, uric acid, constant head-
mistakable evidence of kidney trouble. It ache, dizziness, sleeplessness, nervou?-
Is nature's timely -warning to show you ness, irregular heart-beating, rheumatism,
that tho track of health is not clear. bloating:, irritability, worn-out feelinff.
If these danger signals are unheeded, lack of ambition, loss of flesh, sallow
more serious results are sure to follow; j complexion. - • .. "
Bright'*; disease, which is the worst form If your water when allowed to remain
of kidney trouble, may steal upon you. undisturbed in a glass or bottle for
The mild and the extraordinary effect twenty-four hours forms a sediment or ,
ol the world-famous kidney and bladder settling, or has a cloudy appearance, it
remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root, is is evidence that your kidneys and blad-
soon realized. It stands the highest for der need immediate attention,
its wonderful cures of the mcst distress- In taking Swamp-Root you afford nat- \
Ing cases. A trial will convince any- ural help to nature, \for Swamp-Root is
one — and you may have a sample bottle the most perfect healer and gentle aid to
free, by «nail. the kidnej - s that is known to medical
science.
Backache and Urinary Trouble. Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
Aicors the many famous cures of Swamp- i ° r : Kilmer .the eminent -kidney and blad-
Root investigated by The Call the one we pub- der specialist. Hospitals use it with won-
Ush to-day for the benefit of our readers speaks dc-rful success in both slight and severe !
In the highest terms of the wonderful curative c^ses. Doctors recommend it to their .
properties of this great kidney remedy. patients and use it in their own families.
DR. KILMER & CO.. Binghamton, N". T. because they recognize in • Swamp-Root
GENTLEMEN: When I wrote you' last tlie greatest and most successful remedy.
March for a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, my If you have the slightest symptom of
wire was a great sufferer from backache, rheu- kidney or bladder trouble, or if there is a
matism and urinary trouble. After trying: the trace of it in -your family history, send at
Fample bottle ehe bought a Iarre bottle here* at once to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Binghamton.
the drug Etore. Thatdid her. go. much good she jg. v.. wh O will gladly send you free by
™^pUT!^ a^ e J!^*«Lft!?% P h^h«« Vft mail - immediately, without cost to you, a
no ret?™ of tbe^TtSe since ssnple bottle of Swamp-Root and a book
o£ woi F THOMA= of wonderful Swamp-Root 1 testimonials.
811 Northampton St.. Buffalo, N\ T. Be SUTe t0 sa V that vou read this gener-
¦.;:_ ous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call:
Lame back is only one symptom of. kid- if you are already convinced that
ney trouble— one of many. Other sjmp- Swamp- Root As what you need, you can
10ms showing that you need Swamp- purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
Root are. obliged to pass water often dur- dollar size bottles at drug stores. Don't
ing the day and to get up many times at make any mistake, but remember • the
night, inability to hold your urine, name, Bwamp-Root. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
smartiF-g or irritation In passing, brick Root, and the address, Binghamton, N.
dust or sediment in the urine, catarrh y.. on every bottle.
;.. llEill vUIUr i jlj jji|i|||S' [I j|P
y$Q a suit I § JiWU^||
, The above few words is |l|l||l i|l\ *\ "IS
this underwear — the entire r !t|||l|jj||jll| mfll\ [fiiP
weight balbriggan in , light ||| I ||P| 11 1 \ I'lil
mer wear — 45c a garment. |||||fl|| || 111 1 vll'
Oui-of-'.own orders filled— write us. .jjj I jj|| 1 U| j, |A A l||!i|!|
S3 Q IBB iSh "¦ BtOk E9 fll 58 R£3
¦M H Bl kUSa H 19 £n Rf 13 H H H
¦ ' '¦• ' -:'!¦¦' ' ¦ ¦ '••' ':';'.-, -
Powders, , Pills . and Tablets
may temporarily relieve the
pain, but •
Hc^rsfbrd's
Acid < Phosphite
:CUOEIE ! S the cause of the'
¦; Headache,' so ;: that ' the j pain -
•?does riot* recur. 1 . It ; improves; S
"appetite, t perfects ' ' digestion
. and i nutrition,- induces ; resVj
; ful sleep; aridstrengthens the
'; entire system,' increasing ca-
; pacity, for labor.
¦ ' ¦ Butted** ato* on *nrj OZNUUK jscVif* ¦ "Industriously circulated that the Czar had
ordered the -lands of the nobles to be
divided among- the emancipated .jserfs. ;
''Century" Cameras
And all Photographic Supplies. film3,
plates, paper, printing and developing. If
interested come and see - the new lines
Sanfcorn, Vail * Co., 7-tt Market st. •
WASHINGTON, May. 1.— A warrant al
leging. a violation of the law in selling
intoxicants without a license was issued
to-day against . Theodore L. Page, who
conducts the ' restaurant" on " the Senate
side of the Capitol. It is alleged that the
law has ¦ been violated at the Capitol
since January last.
Restaurant Keeper in Trouble.
WASHINGTON, May l._The House
Committee on Foreign Affairs' to-day of
fered a favorable report on the bill of
RepresentativeVHitt of Illinois, establish
ing a United States diplomatic and con
sular service In Cuba, with a United
States Minister at $10,000; secretary of le
gation. 12000; second secretary, J1500-
Consul General at Havana. $5000: Consuls
2& C K?n lf J^ OS ? nd Sa . ntIa &°- *3000 each.
The bill differs from the plan proposed In
the Senate, which- allows the Minister a
salary of 112,000 and adds a consulate at
-Mrttanzay. 'dffc .-"
Consular Service in Cuba.
•WASHINGTON, May 1.— A conference
report on the Indian appropriation, bill
was presented to the Senate to-day. It
shows that the Senate amendment pro
viding for the opening of the Ulntah res
ervation In Utah was retained. The re
port carries an i entirely - new provision
concerning courts in Indian Territory,
which was suggested by the Interior De
partment. The places of holding courts
are considerably -Increased by the provis
ions. . ' .. '
Report on Indian Bill.
Shattuc also discussed industrial corn
bines, labor organizations, the right of
employes to strike and the gradual Im
provement of conditions existing between
labor and capital.
Another serious factor In the problem la Im
migration. The addition of 5,000,000 Immigrants
Jo the labor supply of our country since 1S0O.
and a current increase of ($0,000 yearly form
a menace to the labor of our land, should a
period of depression again visit our industries
The insult will be a positive reduction in the
standard of wages, the standard of living and
the standard of civilization.
WASHINGTON, May l.-The Housa
gave most of the day to the District of
Columbia appropriation bill, which was
not completed. Shattuc of Ohio spoke on
industrial conditions. As to Immigration
Shattuc said:
Speaks on the Industrial
Conditions.
Representative Shattuc "of Ohio
SAYS IMMIGRATION
IS A SERIOUS PROBLEM
The work on the two heads presented
to Mrs. Goodwin shows careful study, the
pose is natural and the work well worthy
the praise that is accorded it by its en
thusiastic owner.
cism being that a free scholarship In the
New York School of Sculpture was for
warded to Mr. Aitken In recognition oi
his unusual talent. Owing to work in
hand and nearlng completion, the Califor
nia boy was obliged to decline the honor.
Several' years ago the work of the clever
Callfornian sculptor came to the attention
of Mrs. Goodwin. At that time through
her influence Carrol Beckwlth, a promi
nent New. York artist, passed upon some
pieces sent East, 'the result of • his- criti-
Mrs. Goodwin has owned "Sport" for
more than five years. • He is a well be
haved and winning, though a bit blase
from much travel and Indiscriminate pet
ting and praise. He has succeeded in
hypnotizing the Palace Hotel manage
ment, so that in place of being condemned
to the care of the porter, as is customary
with four-legged guests, he Is permitted
to- play tag and hide and seek in his
mistress' apartments.
Upon the return of the Goodwins to
New York the busts of the two dogs will
be cast In' bronze; one will be sent to the
Goodwin home In England and another
will adorn their New York house.
Along with the roses and carnations
which came over . the footlights on the
opening, night at the Columbia, a queer
shaped package figured, which upon inves
tigation proved to be the lifelike bits of
plaster that now occupy the place of
honor among the flowers In the star's
dressing-room. /
r "They are just too dear, said Mrs.
Goodwin, "and a perfect head 'of each.
The boy -is surely a genius and before
long the other side of the world will hear
from him.".
However, Mr. Aitken, recognizing. their
superior beauty when they were here last
year, arid for some time life-sized plaster
busts of "Sport" and "Flossie," as a sur-"
prise for the fascinating Maxine, have
been under cover in his studio.
To be sure, both have been gushed over
by royalty and plebs, both have, been
sketched, painted and photographed, but
never before have they won the attention
of a sculptor.
..Elliott to bubble over with en
thusiasm and. even the" sedate Nat Good
win is perfectly delighted, for "Sport,"
the snub-nosed, bright-eyed Boston ter
rier, who accompanies the Goodwin fam
ily everywhere, and "Flossie," the dear
but Inquisitive little bull-terrier, who
sniffs his aristocratic nose in the Good
wm gardens in England, have been Im
mortalized.'
* /PIECE of work from the clever
J\ hand of one. of California's most
u\ promising young sculptors, Rob
¦4** \V frt I. Aitken, has caused Maxine
Senator McLaurin, Senator Money's
colleague, who, with Attorney Bell, rep
resented Money, explained tnat Money
had been confined to his room since Sat
urday • and was threatened * with pneu
monia. McLaurin thought It was "un
necessary to stats the cause of the trou
ble." He produced a physician's certi
ficate dated yesterday, addressed to
¦whom it may concern, setting forth that
Senator Money was suffering from con
gestion of the lungs and confined to his
loom and bed, and it would be tlve or six
days before he could leave his house.
All he wanted, said McLaurin, was to re
lieve Senator Money from further prose
cution In this case for any alleged of
fenses charged against him.
The court stated that the only point
was as to power of the District Attorney
to nolle pros., which he was inclined to
sustain, but he finally agreed to postpone
announcing his conclusion until Tuesday
morning.
WASHINGTON. May 1.— An unexpect
ed move to nolle pros, the three cases
of alleged assault growmg out of the al
tercation en a street car last week, in
which Senator Money of Mississippi, Con
ductor Orpha W. Shaner and Truck
Foreman James E. Hooper of the Dis
trict Fire Department figured, resulted
to-day in postponing the cases in the Po
lice Court" until Tuesday. After a pro
tracted conference between counsel for
Senator Money in District Attorney
Mullowney's office it was decided- by
them to allow the cases to drop, and
when they appeared In the Police Court
later Mullowney announced to Judge
Klmball /that after investigating the
cases on both sides he had concluded
that the ends of justice would be sub
served by dismissing the charges against
all three defendants. He would, there
fore, nolle pros. them. The attorneys
l'or Shaner and Hooper protested against
this action.
After receipt of Carter's telegram I framed
a reply, setting forth the conclusions of the
executive committee, but before sending the
message made efforts to get the views of every
director in the city. Up to this hour over fifty
of : them have been consulted, and without an
exception every one favored a postponement.
I have; therefore, -replied to President Carter of
the National Commission to that effect and
have asked that our conclusions be submitted
to Congress and to the President. ¦ I think
there Is no doubt as to the action Congress
will take, and that It will be In favor of post
ponement. An additional year for preparation
will enable us to hold such an exposition as
will be worthy of the great event we propose to
celebrate. It will be truly International in
character and ,wlll. in my Judgment be par.
ticipated in by every civilized country on ths
globe. We have no more time than will be
needed in which to make required preparations
for the proper accommodation of the thousands
of visitors who will be witRln our gates Our
streets and boulevards should be improved the
city water should be clarified and our city' em
bellished in euch a manner as will • make a
good Impression upon the representatives of
every country. ' • ¦
The sundry civil bill, which passed . the
House several weeks ago and is now going
through the Sanate, contains an appropriation
of $1, 018,000 to ¦ provide for ' a . Government ex
hibit, a special Indian exhibit ? and ¦ the addi
tional cost of the Government " building- at the
Louisiana Purchase Exposition. -It was deemed
advisable to have the date of the fair definite
ly fixed in that bill, in :the event any change
from 1003 should, be decided upon. . For many
months past the. fair has virtually been post
poned for one year: A decided ' majority of the
directors prefer 1004. and have for six months
or more. The repeated requests of both domes
tic and foreign • exhibitors for postponement;
advices from foreign governments to the ef
fect that they had not sufficient time in which
to make, preparation for a representative dis
play -in- 1903; the statement of Governor Taft
that the Philippines would not be able to In
stall their exhibits in a creditable manner if
the exposition should not.be postponed to 1904;
the expressed fear of the Government archi
tect that he could not procure material for a
Government building by 1903," and the fact that
the general public - have for months past con
sidered postponement a .," foregone conclusion,
were some of the reasons that moved the
executive committee to authorize me to In
form the National Commission that any action
of Congress changing the time of the exposition
from 1903 to 1004 would be acceptable. The
telegram from. President Carter of the National
Commission was received at 3:30 this afternoon.
Senator Cockrell wired us this afternoon that
the sundry civil bill would pass the Senate on
Saturday, and if a change of date was to be
incorporated therein Congress should be Im
mediately advised of the wishes of the local
corporation. There was not sufficient time in
; which to call a; meeting. of the board of direc
tors to take action on the subject," consequently
the executive committee authorized me to ex
press the,ir wishes to the effect that a postpone
ment should be ordained by Congress.
¦•'.--•,.•¦•;. ' .¦ ¦ • ¦ . ,v? >: ~l; '¦ ¦¦ • • ¦
ST. LOUIS, May 1.— The following
statement was given out this evening by
President David R. Francis of the Loui
siana Purchase Exposition Company: ' :
Court Takes Motion to Dis
miss the Charges Under
Advisement.
More Time Is Required to Ar-
range for a Pitting
Display.
The Executive Cornmit
tee Decides Not to
Open Until 1904.
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ \ r ... • •
Mississippi Senator Not
Desirous of Prosecut
ing the Cases.
BIG EXPOSITION
IS POSTPONED
MONEY FORGIVES
HIS ASSAILANTS
NOBLE RUSSIAN COUPLE
WHOSE CHATEAU WAS
BURNED BY PEASANTS.
"The purpose was to promoteour gen
eral corporate interests. The company
never has directly or indirectly purchased
any sugar lands except in Porto :,- Rico.
We' did- have such a purpose there for a
time, but abandoned it." • . ; ' ;
In reply tg' a question concerning*. the
supposititious condition of poverty of ¦• the
Cuban planters and of the sugar produc
ers generally, Havemeyer said ' he ' knew
something of theni, for. he said, "I hap
pen to.be in that, category myself.". .
He said he had not advanced any
money to the sugar planters, but he sup
posed that some advances had been-made
to them by local banks and that no doubt
advances also had been made by Ameri
can brokers. While on this point he^aid
he made his purchases through -'Cuban
brokers, but that so far as he knew none
of them was a sugar owner. He added
that he would not- deal with brokers who
had sugar of their own to; sell. •
Speaking-of other sugar interests In the
United States," Havemeyer said he had
no understanding with the other refiner
ies except the Spreckels' plant in Califor
nia, which he held in joint- ownership
with Mr. Spreckels. All other refineries
were independent of the trust; The ca- .
pacity of the Spreckels refinery he placed'
at 500,000 pounds a day. j
\ .
"What, then." asked the Senator, "was
the purpose of your company in this in
stance?" .
Here Senator Platt concluded his ques
tions and Senator Teller took the witness,
bringing out the fact that tho capital
stock of the trust had been increased In
recent years from $75,000,000 to $90,000,000.
"Are you aware." asked Teller, "that
at the- time your company made this in
crease of $15,000,000 the. newspapers stated
that the increase had been made 'for the
purpose of purchasing sugar lands in
Cuba?"
The witness replied that. he did not re
call the fact. .
to questions pertaining to these interests.
"If," he said, "the committee compels
me to give information, I can, of course,
do so, but I do jnot see what my private
interests have Co do wfth this inquiry."
ST. PETERSBURG, May 1.— The seri
ousness of the situation In South Russia
is apparent from the fact that Dragomir
off,-Governor General of Kleff; Pocarleff,
vice director of the. Department of Police;
and other officials ha vet. joined Von Ple
hewe, the Minister of ' % the Interior, at
Krakoff . The Voronje pugar refineries
have especially suffered from the out
break, during which the Duke of. Olden
burg's estate was dismantled.
It now develops that the agitators who
are chiefly responsible for the spread of
the revolutionary movement i among the
hungry peasants used a curious political
canard to bring the former serfs and the
landowners into collision. A rumor was
SITUATION IS SERIOUS.
5T. PETERSBURG, Tuesday, April
29.— Duke Alexander of Olden
burg's celebrated chateau ' of
Romone. in the Government of
Voronek, Southern. Russia, has
been burned by revolting peasants, who
practically ruined the estate. • The Duke
is the father-in-law of the Czar's sister
(..isa, who married his eon, Duke Peter,
last year.
COPENHAGEN, May 1.— A dispatch to
the Pohtlken of this city from Russia
(filed on the German frontier) announces
that the labor population of the whole
district between Moscow and Vladimir.
Central Russia, is in revolt. There have
been numerous encounters Between the
workingmen and the troops and many
persons have been killed or wounded.
A Uhlan regiment commanded by Colo
nel Mcrozeff refused . to act against the
workmen.
In reply to another series of questions,
Havemeyer said that his company, as
such, holds no sugar lands In Cuba, but
he added that he had himself made some
purchases there, but that he did not con
sider it legitimate to compel him to reply
HOLDS NO SUGAR LANDS.
"We could not 'oblige* any reduction.
In case of a concession to Cuban sugar
the price might be lowered, say one-slx
icenth of a cent a pound, but that would
be nothing as compared to the reduction
in the tariff rate which would amount to
about a third of a cent a pound. Even
so great a reduction as I have mentioned
would depend on the necessity for mar
keting, and if there should be any pres
sure on that account the necessity would
be that of the producers and would not
be ours."
"It has been stated repeatedly that If
this concession is made the sugar trust
will be in a position to oblige producers
to make euch reductions that you will se
cure the entire benefit of the legislation.
Ik that true?"
"We are under contract for the entire
250,000 tons produced in Hawaii. There is
no tariff on that product, but the price
is not affected by that fact."
"How about the Hawaiian product?"
"In no way," was the reply. "Cuba
•would be under no obligations 'to sell to
us, because, as I have said, the Cuban
producers could find other markets."
"All the duty has been taken off Porto
Rico sugar, do you get that sugar, any
cheaper on that account?"
"Not at all."
"We have," he said, "no control over
them whatever; they don't belong to us."
"Cuba has to sell her sugar in this
market, hasn't she?"
"No, that is not true. She can sell in
i England, for instance. If she is desirous
.to do so. England could take the entire
Cuban crop."
Platt then asked:
; "Suppose the United States should make
a concession of say 25 per cent In the
tariff rates on Cuban sugar, could not
you refuse to buy the Cuban product ex
cept at your own rates and thus secure
the benefit of the concession?"
« "on turning;- Havemeyer said the entire
Cuban sugar crop is about 750, (Kfc) tonp,
but that much of it has been withheld
ij-om the market, in view of the possible
tariff *yrtcpf>FionB to be made by Con
gress. On this account his purchases had.
been only about one-third the average of
other years. On this account, too, the
purchases had been made ""principally at
outports where the storage facilities were
poor, rather than at llaviftia. The pur
chases from the outports had caused most
of the shipments to be made from those
ports, rather than from Havana, where
the company now has about 45,000 tons
stored. The purchases at the outportd
had caused the sales there to be made
on a parity with the beet sugar prices.
Speaking of the capacity of his com
pany, he said that it refined 65 per cent
of the American refined product. He
aoded that the percentage of his com
pany's product compared to the entire
sugar consumption of the United States
•was about 50 per cent. Last year his
company produced 1.200,000 tons or the re
lined sugar, while the consumption was
2,400,000 tons.
Returning to the purchases of Cuban
sugar for the present year, Havemeyer
gave figures of purchases for other years
to show thfc relative volume of the cur
rent acquisitions, saying that in 1892 254,000
tons had been bought; in 1893, 246.000 tons;
in 1894, 321,000 tons.
HOW PRICE IS FIXED.
In reply to other questions he said that
the price of raw sugar in the United
States is fixed by the beet market prices
in Hamburg. The price there fixes the
selling price for the entire world, said he.
On the subject of the price of Cuban
sugars he said that his company could not
determine their price.
"That is the statement I make."
"So that you wish to be understood as
Faying that the amount you have men
tions as having purchased represents
your entire interest, direct and indirect,
lri Cuban *ugar?'
"Xo; we have bought all told 93,000 tons
of Cuban sugar during the present year,
or about three-fourths of a month's sup
piy, our consumption being about S5,wO
tons oer wt*>k."
"Do you control any sugar in Cuba
ether than that purchased?".
"None, whatever, in any manner."
"Have you taken any options on Cuban
sugars ?"
"1 have not."
"Have you made an advance on any
Cuban sugar?"
"None whatever."
"Does the 59,000 tons you mention rep
resent your entire purchases in Cuba
since the 1st of January?"
PURCHASES IN CUBA.
"Where do you buy your raw sugar?"
"All over the world— in Cuba, Java,
Hamburg, Trieste, the British iVest In-
UicF, South America, wherever sugar is
grown."
"Will you," said Senator Platt. "tell the
committee how much Cuban sugar, if
any. has been purchased, and if now held
by your company?"
"Since early in February last we have
purchased 50,000 tons, or 256,000 bags, or
about ten days' supply," replied the wit
ness. "Of that quantity, 26,000 tons in
now in process of shipment from Cuba. '
The prices paid had, he said, ranged
from SI 75 to $1 S3, the higher prices oe
iiig paid on March 13 and the lower on
Aorii 22.
Replying to questions by Senator Platt.
Havemeyer said his company was gen
erally known as the sugar trust and that
its refineries are located as' follows: In
Xew Jersey, one; New York, three; Mas
sachusetts, two; Philadelphia, two; New
Orleans, one.
WASHINGTON. May l.-The Inquiry
Into the present holdings of Cuban sugar
and Cuban lands, ordered by the Senate,
was begun to-day by the sub-confmittee
on Cuban Relations. President Henry O.
Havemeyer of the American Sugar Re
fining Company was the first witness and
all of the member* of the sub-committee.
Platt of Connecticut. Burnham and .Tel
ler, were in attendance. Senator Patter
son also was present. Others present with
Havemeyer were Arthur Donner, treas
urer of the company, and Henry C.
Mott. its sugar buyer. All of them were
6 worn.
Sub-Committee of the '. Senate Gets
Considerable Information on
an Interesting Sub
ject
Explains the Purchase of
Crops F rcm Island
Producers.
President of American
Company Is a Wit
ness.
HAVEMEYER
TELLS ABOUT
CUBAN SUGAR
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBID AT, MAY 2, 1902;
3
Duke Alexander of Oldenburg a Victim of
Disturbances in Russia.
REVOLTING PEASANTS
BURN ROMONE CHATEAU
"Sport^ and "Flossie:"
Atkins Makes "Busts" of Miss Elliott's Pets,
CALIFORNIA SCULPTOR
MODELS ACTRESS' DOGS
PRODUCT OF SCULPTOR AIT
KEN'S, SKILL,,PRESENTED TO
MAXINE ELLIOTT, y
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
HAIR WON'T TALJj OUT
If You Kill the Dandruff Germ
With the New Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a well-known citizen of
Colfax. Wash., says: "I had dandruff so
badly that it caked on my scalp. Herpi-
«.-ide completely cured me." George If.
McWhlrk. Walla Walla, Wash., says:
"Hrrpicidc completely cured me of a bad
ca*e of dandruff of CO ycars'_ standing."
They took the only really sensible treat-
ment, a remedy that destroys the dan-
druff germ— Ncwbro's Herpicidc Stop;
dandruff, hair won't fall out,' but will
grow naturally, luxuriantly. Allays Itch-
ing Instantly and makes hair glossy and
•oft as silk. At druggists. One bottle will
convince any doubter of its merits.
ifflfll^^ nouncement is of interest to ycu, for vyhat mother is there who does
\™illlii^Mlw/ i II Did you ever look at the clothes question in this light? Supposing that j^^^^^^^^\
I iMliSl^iffir /'¦¦'¦ // II you pay $ ! !> or $'8 f° r a suit- and buy two suits a year, wouldn't it be profit- "l^^^&^^l^^
• ' l-l wSliS^^W A //J' able to wear out $9 suits and- buy four a^ear? You would have a new suit i^^^^^^P^^^k
llfflfillH-^/ If. everv tnree months and -wo-jia look neat and well dressed at all times, fdr /l^wM^^^^S^^^
tSUIi'Kw// IB t * iese suits at $9 are dressy garments, stylishly cut and well made up. f'^^pfml^^^Si^^
I HHk^// 'IB ' They come in desirable patterns and solid colors—^everybody's fancy is i^^^vWv^^^^^^of Four Western Lines of Syndicate. -
' ¦ • ¦ ' ' . •'";-. s. - ....-¦•••¦ ...1 •¦ ¦ ' ' • . . ' .¦ .' "'"'¦,
Southern Pacific's President Entertains Leading
HARRIMAN'S OFFICIAL FAMILY
GATHERS AT BANQUET TABLE
WANTS DEED SET ASIDE.— A. R. Denike
Is suing Elizabeth Pox and Joseph Fox to set
aside a d»»;d to. property on Leavenworth etreet,
near Broadway. He alleges that the deed was
wrongfully obtained /from Catherine . Denike,
hip wife, a short time before her dea/h. . :
Captain S. G. . White, civil engineer, who
is in Honolulu looking after the . naval
station at Pearl harbor, has completed
his .. estimates for ¦ the preliminary ..- appro
priation -for improvements. It. is re
ported ' that he will ask for over $5,< >00,- 
000 in the first appropriation* The ¦ land
title suits are ¦_• still s in the courts and
will probably not be decided for , some
months. , It Is expected that the matter
of an appropriation /will come before, the
next session of Cqnsress. : '
"Mrs." Jane Li Stanford, the benefactress
of Stanford University, is staying in
Honolulu for a short: time. "'There is\ a
nnmber of * Stanford graduates here, ¦ and
the graduates are : preparing to give her
a dinner, which she ' has, signified her
willingness to attend. .'
Oscar C. Lewis and Frank -aJV Turk,
sh'pplng masers, .who are well known in
water front and political circles on \the
Pacific Coast, are serving a sentence of
thirty days in Oahu Jail: for'boarding
the ship Arthur Sewall before she had
been passed by the quarantine and cus
tom officials. They were sentenced by
Judge Estee. . -" • -
tions, with regard to the 'appointment of
physician for the leper; settlement at
Molokai. It is desired to secure a , man
who wishes- to devote himself to t"«=
study of leprosy, for "which the position
offers unexcelled ' opportunities, and the
board expects to secure a,j first-class spe
cialist, who may., make valuable discov
eries. The salary paid is only $250 per
month, but it is thought that the oppor
tunity for study- will attract the right
man. ¦ ,¦ ; . : : ". ?£* : : .-.' - - .'¦ ' : ¦'¦¦ ¦¦¦
. . The Hawaiian Board of . Health Is cor
responding 'with * Dr. • Wyman, - surgeon
general of ; the United States I; Marine
Hospital service, and with a ' number of
uniyersltles and other- scientific 'lnstltu-
James K. Kauila, f chairman of the
home rule executive committee, anil one
of the most prominent of the leaders of
home 1 , rule.. party,' died last Sunday, ; of
heart disease. Katilla was noted, for the
bitterness of his. opposition to the' party
of the whites, and during the last cam
paign . he attracted attention I by his | war
cry of . "Kill the snakes," which was a
prelude to all ! his political ; speeches. < By
the snakes he meant. the missionary,re
publican I party. He was president ' of the
Aloha Alja Society/which,^ with- another
native society, formed the : - home"' rule
party. He ran for the Senate in the cam
paign of 1900, : but' was defeated.'/. His
death deprives; the home' rule 'party , of
one of the most active of its 'leaders. :.
Among local business interests there
is general satisfaction that the con
troversy is settled- and a hope that politi
cal quiet : may .ensue, wlille "political
leaders differ as to the effect of. the
President's decision. ;', • ; -
HONOLULU, April 25.— The news .that
President Rooscvcif had expressed *. ; ,hls
strong and unqualified indorsement V of
Governor Dole s administration of Ha
waiian affairs was received • here with
the greatest interest. ; Hawaiian people
had been waiting with anxiety for news
cf the result, of -the conference between
the President and the Governor, and. the
latter's enemies had hopes of his being
removed or at I least • given some intima
tions that his policy had been unsatis
factory and should be changed. The
statement from the White House dispeis
these hopes and is received with. varying
comment.
The . fortunate young man Is the son of
the late James McCord, : at oneTtime a
leading;offlcial : of : the ¦ Sutter Street -Rall-
' McCord; decided. that he* would not de-i
sert his; companion, and they , were both
kept in confinement for six weeks. Even
tually the Insurgents grew tired of keep
ing the men ; prisoners, and one > morning,
they took McMahon out and hacked him
to , pieces. .At the ¦ same . time they, releas
ed . McCord - and . warned him not - to = at
tempt , to travel again ! in their province. '• !
•'-, Before v he left his captors they "return-r
ed, ' to ¦>: McCord '; his gold watch
and ' $110 vln' V gold,- . which he had
on his . person when captured,, gave
him'.: a'- pony, and = told him ¦ 'to
return to Manila;' He says he thinks that
why;he did not meet, the same fate as his
frjend ¦ was due to the " fact • that/ the ' in
surgents took the trouble to translate his
papers and found 1 out that he was what
he 'represented., himself ; to : be: ' ' -. ': ; ,'
Among the arrivals on the Nippon Maru
from the Orient yesterday was R. J. ;Mc-
Cord, a young man i well known in this
city. ? He left San Francisco four years
ago with the First California Regiment
for the Philippines. Shortly after his ar
raval at < Manila he . was taken seriously
HI and was discharged from the regiment.
Instead, of returning; home' he secured
a position. with the Pacific and Oriental
Trading Company at Vignan, in Northern
Luzon. .While out 'making, collections for
the , firm, he was. captured hv a "band Of
natives.- A man named McMahon, , who
was i working for, the | same company , was
captured .at the -same" time. McCord
showed papers to' the chief 'of the band
of insurgents ..which . proved that he wag
not a soldier and he. was ' told that he
might go. . McMahon, his companion,. unr
fortunately .was -dressed in ' the fatigue
uniform of the American soldier and they
would not ¦ allow -him , his freedom.
Failure of President to
Remove Him Proves
a Disappointment. ;
Ralph McQord Is Held!
Prisoner for Six. ,,
DOLE DECISION
GIVES SURPRISE
NARROW ESCAPE
FROM BOLOMEN
Sues to Recover Money.
CA\.IVAJ1LA TO.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO A V
Shechan, 3b 3 O 0 0 1 " 3 n
Hulen. 2b 4 112 16 O
Doyle, r. f 3 0 0 0 4 10
Rebsaroen, c. f 4 0 0 0 o 0 0
Unglaub. e* 4 0 0 0 3 4 1
Eagan. 1. f l 0 0 2 2 0 0
Birmingham, lb 3 1 ' 1 O 14 ; o 0
Graham, c 1 o 0 0 2 0 O
Hickey, p 4 0 1 0. 0-1 0
Totals 27 2 3 4 27 16 ~1
OAKLAND. \
AB. R. BH*. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. t.... 5 110 10 0
Mohler, 2b... 3 0 10 1 7 l
Strelb. lb 4^ 0 1 ,0 1« 0 0
McCreedie, r. t 4 0 1 <0 ' 4 0 0
Devereaux, 3b 3 0' 1 O 1:3 0
Dunleary, 1. f 4 0 0 1 OO 0
Francks, 86 4 0 1 2 2 1 0
Gorton, c 3 0 1.0000
-'.Parties desiring to visit the Bakersfield Street
Fair and Carnival can. secure tickets at one
fare for the round trip. These tickets will be
on sale at the Santa Fe office, &U Market at
for all trains May 7, good to return until May
Bakersfield Excursion.
Harriman roads; W. F., nerrin. chief counsel
of .the Southern Pacific Company; Kraptua
Young, general auditor, of the Union Pacific;
A. L Mohler; Julius Kruttschnitt, assistant to
the president of the Southern. Pacific; W. 'R.
Kelly chief counsel of the Union Pacific; Judge
W. I>. ' Fenton ; James Agler, manager of the
Pacific system of the Southern' Pacific; R.
Koehler manager of the operating 'department
of' the Southern Pacific; J. A. Munroe, freight
traffic manager of the-Union Pacific; William
Sproule, freight traffic manager cf the Southern
Pacific; E. O. McCormick, general passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific; G. F.
Richardson, superintendent of transportation
of the Southern Pacific; D. D. Stubbs. William
Singer Southern Pacific law department; W.
W.' Cotton, of the Oregon Short Line; J.'Stan
ley Brown. - private secretary to E. H. Harri
man; N. T. Smith, treasurer of the Southern
Pacific- E. S. Benson, general auditor of the
Oregon Shrot' Line; G. T: Kllnk. general.audi
tor of the Southern Pacific; B. E. Burley. gen
eral passenger .and ticket agent of the Oregon
Short Line; W. E. Coman, J. M. Hanford, pay
martcrs of. the Southern Pacific; ' James Hors
burgh Jr., assistant general passenger agent
of. the Southern Pacific ; N. H. Foster, assistant
manager of the Pacidc system of the Southern
Pacific; Dr. Joseph R. Laine, hospital depart
ment of the Southern* Pacific;. W. W. Ellicott:,
C. Clifford; G. W. Fletcher, general . agent of
the Southern Pacific; -R. J.. Laws, division
superintendent of the Southern Pacific; R. B.
Miller,' assistant general freight agent of the
Home Team Defeats Oakland in a
Sharp, Snappy Game.
SACRAMENTO. May l.-The Senators
won a sharp, snappy game of ball from
Oakland this afternoon by a score -of 2
l O n }' le - n 'n. headwor k and base-running
arid cristall's wildness bringing in tht
winning runs. For six Innings Cristall
was invincible and never allowed even
tbe semblance of a hit.
a^° r V n" 16 same Mana ser Fisher
f^S« a S? Uey K Ca / parade wlth botn
teams and a band of music. Mayor
George H. Clark threw the first ball over
L 7 e P 3?£' Tl ?. e attendance was 400. Um
pre OConnell received a round of.ap
plause when he appeared on the diamond
unex«fl^. Ork S cor^ UShOUt the eame Was
SACRAMENTO SEASON OPENS.
. Two-base hit — Mohler. Sacrifice hits — Doyle
Mohler. Gorton. First base on errors — Oaklan.i
1. First base on called balls — Off Hlckey 2,
off Cristall 8. Left on bases — Sacramento 10,
Oakland 9. Struck out — By Hickey 2. Hit by
pitcher — Kagan 2, Devereaux. Double play
Doyle to Unglaub. Passed ball — Gorton.
,Time of game — 1 hour and 45 minutes. Um
pire — O' Cornell. . .-
Sacramento 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 1 2
Base hits OtO O 0 0 0 2 1 0 :i
Oakland 0 O 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 1
. Base hits 1 0 1 1 0 0 0 2 2^5,
SUMMARY.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
OAKLAND, May L— A rattling night, of
boxing is anticipated by followers of the
ring from the programme offered by the
Reliance Club for to-morrow evening
The return matc*h between Tommy Gil
feather "and lathy Joe Welch is the main
number. It is scheduled for fifteen
rounds at 115 pounds. Welch's showing
before Kiti McFadden has won him
standing among the ring-goers. As pre
liminaries there Is a ten-round event be
tween Joe Nealing of the Olympic Club
and Frank George. The latter holds a de
cision over Nealing, but it was too close
to be satisfactory. The opening contest
will -be between Dave Clayton, Relianc
Club, and Ed Williams, Bay City Club
Cristall, p '. ..'2 0 a 0 0 ' 4 0
Totals :. ....32 1 7 ~3*»25 15 ~i
•Uickey out; bunted third strike. Two men
out when winning run was made.
test Between Tommy Gilfeather
and Spider Welch.
Eing-Goers Expect a First-Class Con-
RELIANCE CLTJB OFFERS
A STRONG PROGRAMME
SCENE AT BANQUET GIVEN
B¥ E. H. HARRIMAN. TO
RAILROAD MEN.
The' defense concluded its case yester
day at the trial of Thomas Flaherty,
charged with the murder of Frederick H.
Roller In William Umland's saloon, 211
Franklin street, on the night Of January
28. ¦ Over twenty witnesses were exam
ined, most of them testifying ti the de
fendant's good character and that he had
been on a protracted spree prior to the
shooting and was not responsible for his
actions. Two of the witnesses gave in
stances as to apparent temporary insan
ity of the defendant, • one stating that
while In her restaurant he insisted that
a pot roast was corned beef. . ft
. .TJie Drpaecution called William J. Nixon
/and Henry Mangels in rebuttal, arid it
••was .decided; tp-shear the arguments of
thia morning. The case will, it
i^ expected, go to the jury this afternoon.
Was in ¦ an Irresponsible
: Condition..
Claim That When He Shot Boiler He
WITNESSES TESTIFY TUT
:;. ~: .. . FLAHEKTY'S . DEFENSE
Oregon Short 'Line; A. L. Craig, general pas-
L-sengwa-genr of ¦ttrr Oregcn Short -Irfne; A.
. Center; -'II. ,.R.i ; Judah, assistant general • pas
senger agent of ¦ the Southern Pacific.: D. R.
Sessions. ; claims agent of, the Southern Pacific;
, Paul Shoup. passenger and freight agent "of'the
Southern •, Pacific ; W. H. . .Moulthrop: J..-W.
-Dayan,.' purchasing- agent ef the Southern . Pa
" clflc;' C. J. Jones;.' W.". A'.^Worthington, chief
clerk- to ¦ assistant president of -the , Sou them
Pacific; K. A.. White, William McMurray, in
formation bureau of- the Southern Pacific; S. .
R. Chapel; C H. Smith; cashier of the South
ern Pacific: J. D." Fish. E. A. Stevenson, W.
H. Haydock; E. B. Carson, general baggage .
agent of the Southern Pacific:. G.. T.- Forsyth,'
William H. Mahoney. R. F. Watson. Wiiiiam
Mackenzie; D. Hitchcock, general agent of. the
Union Pacific; E. Holton.- ticket auditor of the
Southern Pacific; D. W. Horsburgh, freight
department of the Southern Pacific; R. A. Don
. aldson. assistant. general, passenger agent of
the Southern- Pacific,; C.J.. Ellis, E. H. Prentice:
• H. J.| Small, .superintendent ..of. mechanical
work of the Southern Pacific; ;J. H. Wallace,
engineer of the Southern Pacific; B. "A.'Worth
-inglon, division • superintendent of the, Southern;
Pacific: J. A. Naugle, assistant general man-'
ager of the Sonora Railway: Jerome Madden..
J,*; B. Isaacs, engineering"" department of the! 1
Southern PaciSc; L. R. Fields, ? division rsuper-,
lntendent of . the Southern Pacific; C.'X' Wilder/
¦" freight of the Southern :Pac"lflc';"< C. H-!
. RedCngton, assistant tb-.^the treasurer- of 'thef
.'Southern Pacific; R.~Stevenson,' assistant man-?
ager (purchasing- department of-" the ISouthernj
; Pacific; .E. Black Ryan,". -tax; attorney jof the;
Sotrthern ¦¦¦ Pacific; D. Burkhalter,. division, su
perintendent. of the Southern Pacific; v-:G. •' A.
Parkyha, assistant-- general' pa ssenget " antt
-freight agent of'the Southern" PaclflG ; ; J. H.-
Sharpe ; D. Urquhart, superintendent . of the
dining-car service of the Southern" Pacific; W.
, S. Palmer/ division superintendent of the
Southern Pacific; George W. Luce, freight man
ager of the Southern Pacific; J, M. Lee, engi
neer and superintendent of the I Houston and
Texas Railroad: T. H. Goodman, general pas
senger agent of the Southern Pacific; R. H.
Ingram, division superintendent of the South
ern Pacific; Dr. M. Gardner, medical depart
ment of the Southern Pacific; E. L. j Lomax,
general passenger agent of the Union Pacific;
J. D. Berry, consulting engineer of the' Union
Pacific: William Hood, chief engineer of the
Southern Pacific ;,'Ii, L Requa; A. A. Moore;
W. H. Kennedy, chief engineer of the Spokane
"Fails Railway: • T. M'. <"• Schumacher, freight
agent of the Oregon, Short Line: S. N. Bost
¦ wick, auditor general freight agent of the
Southern Pacific; S. F. T Booth; T. A. Graham-
C. M. Burkhalter of the Southern Pacific. /
E. H. Harriman. president of the^ Southern
Pacific Company; H. G. Burt, president of'the
Union Pacific Railroad Company: H. E. Hunt
lngton; J. C. Stubbs, traffic director , of the
v . . • ¦
The tables were arranged In \the form,
of. an arch, with Mr. Harrlman seated at'
the keystone's place. At his right was
Julius Kruttschnitt, vice president and
assistant to the president of'the Southern
Pacific, and to his left Horace G.. Burt,
president of the Union Pacific. • -¦
J. C. Stubbs was toastmaster. He intro
duced Mr. Harriman, who spoke brief
ly and cordially to his guests of. the even
ing. After his address speeches were
made by the following: Horace G. Burt,
president of the Union Pacific; A. L.
Mohler, president and general manager
of the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company; P.- L. Williams and Judge W.
W. Colton, attorneys for the Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company; W.
B. Fenton, Julius Kruttschnitt, W. F.
Herrin, George F. Richardson, superin
tendent of transportation, and E. O. Me-
Cormick. general passenger traffic man
ager of Jthe Southern Pacific.
The following named were present at
the banquet:
The banquet was held in the ladies'
grill room. The best of music was none
too good to suit the taste of the host, and
Tivoli patrons had to be content with a
substitute musical .'director while Paul
Stelndorff waved his baton for the or
chestra that tickled the ears of the ban
queters. 'The hall was fragrant with
masses of 'roses and .fruit blossoms and
graceful festoons of greenery swung from
the chandeliers. The Misses \Voen were
the decorators.
THE leading officials of the South
ern Pacific, the Union Pacific, the
Oregon Short Line -and' the Ore
.'g:on Railroad 'and ¦; Navigation
. Company were given a banquet
last ,ijght at ;tie Palace Hotel by Presi- ;
dent E. H. Harriman'of the" Southern Pa
cific. Ninety-nine'were at table, every
one a railroad man. It was the first as
semblage of Harriman's official family,
and there was no place In the chimney
corner for the stranger. - »--¦• - .
Batteries — Taylor and Chance. 'Hahn and
Bergen. Umpire — Cantillon. (Called on account
of darkness.)
CHICAGO, -May 1.— Cincinnati and Chicago
went twelve innings to-day in a hotly contested
and prettily played game, neither side being
able to score. Both pitchers were at their best
and received almost perfect support. Attend
ance 1200. The score:
Clubs— R . H . E
Chicago O § 1
Cincinnati o 5 0
PITTSBURG. iu*)- 1.— The second Inning,
with nine hits and nine runs for Plttsburg
took all interest out of to-day's game. -Popp
was retired after this inning, but Murphy was
almost as easy. Attendance 2900. The score:
Clubs— R. jr. £
Pittsburg is io r
St. Louis o 9 ¦ (;
.Batteries— Tannehill- and Bmlth: Popp Mur
phy and Ryan. Umpire — Emslie.
Clubs — R. if. e.
Boston .¦ 5 ji o
Brooklyn o 5 2
Batteries — Willis and Kittredre; Ritson and
Ahearn. L'mpir* -Urown.
BOSTON*. May I.— Willis* clever pitching,
hacked by the sharp flelding of the liostori
team, blanked Brooklyn in to-day's same. At
t«Jdance ISCU, The score:
NEW YORK. May L"— -New York white
washed Philadelphia at thft.Polo grounds to
day. Pitcher McGe<>, who was released by the
local ciub last we«k. was signed by the Phlla
delphias to-day. Attendance 6S00. Score:
Clubs — R. H. K.
Philadelphia •. o z 2
New York 3 8 2
Batteries — Voorhees and Douglass: Matthew
son and Bov.-erman. Umpire — O'Day.
XATIOXAL LEAGUE.
During the month of 'April the License
Department collected . $59,234,50— $3374 50
more- than the collections in April, 1901.
The largest' .day's "receipts were .J66S5,
which' was rnore^than' the entire .receipts
for the week of the car. tienpl V During
that week but $5865 50 was receive?!. ;
The block'system being inaugurated un
der the direction of Tax Collector Edward
J. Smith, for the use of the License De
partment,'subdivides the city into four
districts— north of Market street, east and
west .of Stockton, and south of Market
street, east and westof Ninth.: Bach dis
trict can be subdivided so as to place as*
many deputies in the field as the business
may require. The Tax Collector; expects
to greatly .increase the revenue of the
city by the. new system of indexing, and
will change the deputies from time to
time- from one district to :another.
There were 4470 ; internal • revenue retail
licenses, 3143 city and county retail liquor
licenses and 299 . restaurant and retail
liquor licenses issued.
Of the internal revenue licenses 1026 not
shown in the issue of city and county li
censes were taken out by wholesale liquor
dealers and drugstores which sell in less
quantities than rive gallons, which quan
tity is the United States Government's
limit for retail dealers. : :
Of the streets running north and south,
Third street has 125 saloons and Dupont
street 124.
Of the streets running east -and west.
Mission street leads with 167 liquor li
censes and Folsom street follows with
125.
On the retail business streets, Market
street leads with 98; Kearny street has
SO and Montgomery street 60.
O'Farrell street calls for only 53 liquor
licenses. * v"-7.
Block System to Facilitate
Payment of Taxes. ' ; ;
Tax Collector Smith Inaugurates
LICENSE^ COLLECTION'S : :
BUBINCr 5 MONTH £'XXF& APRIL
ST.iX-pUIS, May 1.— The.: twenty-round
bout at? the. . West End -Athletic Club to-"
night ; for the bantam-weight: champion
ship of the \ world /between : Harry
Forbes, « the . present holder pf^the title,
and Johnny .Keagan of Brooklyn, was de
clared a itraw. by Kefcree Siler. .The'de
cision was unpopular,' the majority of the
large boay ' of spectators being of "the
opinion that -the. New Yorker wa# en
titled'to the verdict by more than a fair
margin. ' •¦'¦':..••.'" .. . '" > •
Jac^-McKenna,' Reagan's manager, v/as
so Incensed at the ruling that he had to
be restrained -by the police from, doing
bodily harm to the referee." " '
Reagan put ; up aru excellent fight. Hia
footwork and . blocking and stopping' of
blows have nev'er been excelled here, and
he left the • ring -frc3h and uninjured.
Forbes," on -the 'other hand, was wild in
his delivery,' and throughout jj the tight
failed to land a blow that In any way
distressed "Reagan. . Reagan : played for
the stomach principally, snd; his well di
rected., blows to. that region had Forbes
in distress, - especially.,' in the closing
rounds of the battle. / . .
Philadelphia ..6 7 3
Batteries — Orth and Drill; Duggleby and
Powers. . . ,-¦-..
ST. LOUIS. May 1.— Patt*reon virtually gave
the game to St. Louis'' in the first inning tc»
day, when he allowed the flr?t two men up to
go to first on balls. A wild pitch and two hits
netted the local playsrs three runs as a result.
Attendance 25C0. The score:.
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 3 S 2
Chicago 2 10 1
Batteries — Sudhoff and Sug-den; Patterson,
Piatt and Sullivan.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE, May L— The game to-day,
between Baltimore and Boston ended in
a row. which, but for the interferencce of
the police, might have resulted seriously
for Umpire Sheridan. In the last inning
Mr. Sheridan refused to allov/ McGraw
his base after having been, it was
claimed, hit -by a pitched ball. At the
conclusion of the game the crowd surged
on the field and surrounded the umpire
menacingly. One man threw a brick,
which went wide of its mark and cut the
face of a policeman who was trying to
protect Sheridan. He was finally escorted
from the grounds without sustaining bod
ily narm. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E^
Baltimore .....4 12 3
Boston ' *> 12 0
Batteries — HotvcII and Robinson; Dineen and
Criser. .. • ',-,'^ •¦ ..
DETROIT. May 1.— Before the largest crowd
that ever assemble;! at Bannett Park the De
troit team this afternoon bunched Its hits In
the seventh and eighth innings and won the
first came of the reason on the home grounds.
Attendance 14,183. Score: . ,
Clubs— R- H.. E.
Detroit 4 7 2
Cleveland .- 1 9 0
Batteries — Miller and McGulre; Moore and
Bern is.
"WASHINGTON. May 1. — Philadelphia won
to-day's game from Washington «ln the sixth
Inning, when an error, a single and a ba?e on
balls, followed by a hom» run by, Seybold,
netted four runs. Attendance 3300. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Washington 3 9 . 4
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, sf 4 1 1 1.320
Hannivan. If 3 2 1 1 0 0 0
Householder, cf 3 O ti n 5 <i 0
RaytniT. 2b...:...... 4020140
C. Peilly, Sb ..3^O 0 0 0 I «
* 0 1 O 10 0 0
. Wa4d<>U.'p 3 0 0 0 0 2O
H*nlon. lb 4 O <» o s •« 1
bUgle, rf 2 O .-O 0 : O O O
Totals ; 50 3 S 2,27 10 ~1
RUNS A.VD HITS BY IXXINGS.
Los Angeles. ...... 0 0 0 1 0 1 0 1 0—3
Base hits... 0 O 0 1 o 3 0 1 o— 5
Ban Francisco 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 - •»
Base hits o 0 1 0 0 10 0 1—5
SITMMART.
Two-base hits— McHale. Toman. . Sacrifice
H _« U>iel £ Ider \ C " ReiIlr - First b^ on
tTorf — San Francisco 1, Los Angekas 2 Flr«t
base on called ball^-Off Kane 2. Off Wadd"l
i«. - C bases— San Francisco 1. Los Ange
¦pL^a Ck^~ By KaB * 3 - b y Waddell 10.
Patted ball— Anderson. Wild pitches— Kane 2
Ttae of game-l:40. Umpire-McDonald.
LOS AXGEI.Ef.
_, _ AB.R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale. If 4 l i ,, •_. ,, ,,
Bone, rt 4 U <t 0 :: O 1
Xordyke. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Holly. E3 4 (i 1 (i o a o
.Shcpart. ."5b 4 << n «i r. - 1
Keahy, c :t o o <i .I ~< o
netnaas. cf :{ o d o 2 <i it
J. Jleilly, 2b... :: n <> u j :{ ( ,
Kane, p 2 1 1 O l* u g
Totals ....~. :u 2 ~3 "o «7 n ~2
SAX FRAXCISCO.
Kane performed well in the box, but
was a trifle wild at critical moments.
Toman, the little Cupid of the Angels,
did some great hot fooi stunts. Ander
son handled Waddoll s terrific delivery in
clever fashion. Delmas did some long
distance reaching out In center and Kane
took the crowd by surprise when he ac
tually dropped a single in back of third
base, the list hit of the game. "
Lawler did not play, as he is weak
when facing a left-handed pitcher, so Del
mas looked after local interests in con
terfield. The game lacked interest until
the last round, when the Ponies seemed
to have a slim chance. The crowd was
a record-breaker for Thursday, the
stands and bleeehers being well filled.
The score;
The Ponies made a sort of a do or die
rally in the final wind-up. Waddell
seemed to let down and walked Kane.
McHale shot a grounder toward Hanion,
who fumbled, and both men were safe,
Kane going to third. McHale made sec
ond on a passed ball, while Nordyke, the
pride of tne Ponies, swatted three times
at the vacant space. Holly placed a
pretty dri%-e over second, and the only
local runs -were recorded by McHale and
Kane.
The Angeis made tneir three runs in
the fourtn. sixth and eighth. A few
well placed hits and two wild pitches by
Kane were ihe chief factors in bringing
about the scoring.
He delivered the ball with terrific
speed and with perfect ease and grace.
At the same time his control was mar
velous; he walked but one man, and that
happened in the final mix-up. His revenge
is certainly complete, for he made tne
Ponies Iook cheap, simply toying with
them throughout me game.
For eight long innings not a single
Pony had a chance to venture past the
second stopping-place, and but two
lonely, scattering hits were made oft",
Rube's puzzling offerings. Ten of the
local artists pt-rishea by the striKe-out
process. \> aadel! was lorced to lurnisn
ihe amusement to the spectators all by
nimself.
He loomed up in the pitcher's box yes
terday afternoon at Recreation Park as
l)1g as a white elephant and looked as
fresh as the May daisies. He threw the
elusive sphere over the plate so easy and
so fast it resembled a cross between a
balloon and a bullet from a Krupp gun.
Rube .Waddell, the all-powerful south
paw and rdol of southern climes, has ac
complished his second triumph.
Johnny Reagan's .Manager Is
¦ Restrained From In jar- j
. ¦¦¦: ' T ; V ' ing' Him."
the Field.
Spectators . Object to a De
cision and Surge 'on
.Last Inning Saves Locals
From a Coating of
Whitewash.
Referee : Siler's Decision
/•Proves Unpopular
. -With Spectators.
Pitcher's Art.
Rubs W-addell Gives a
Fine Sample of the
Serious Injury by
the Police.
Sheridan Is Saved From
BANTAM-WEIGHTS
FIGHT A DRAW
TEN PONIES FAN
THE ATMOSPHERE
MOB AN UMPIRE
AT BALTIMORE
HORSES IN RING
AT BURLINGAME
Shew and Open Air Fete
Announced for This
Month. * •-
Marked Success of Former
";v;l : .Affairs ...Warrants-- a
Repetition.
_Tr:» season is not to be alloy/fid ; .to pass
at" Birrlingame Country , Club' wit b^-'t a
horse show and open air, fete. In the past
these .affairs -have- afforded ¦ pleasure n»
the members and to the. ..people, of thu
countryside. There will be- mU3io, beauii
£u> gowns' and general . gayety.
They have had their practical side a3
well; Those in attendance have seen pa&3
In review before them the tines* ' repre
sentatives of each type of horse owned ou
this coast. In keeping r -with this the
equipages and harness have been Kept up
to date. This is especially noticeable to
the casual visitor -who disembarks from -
the train at either Burlinsame or Saa^
Mateo.' ~;'.-~
The show enables tbe breeder, to ex
hiblt his horses to advantage, .thus prov
ing an Incentive to develop good horses.
John Parrott will . undoubtedly .show ma
prize winning hackney. Green's Rafns. a
horse which is leaving the stamp of his
individuality on many carriage, horses.
It is expected W. OB. Macdonough wiU
show" his hackney pony stallion, the beat
of his type on this coast. • '. ¦ *>-'.- -
" Arrangements for the shdw are In the
hands of George Aimer-' Newhafl/ Major
J.L,. Rathbone, F.S. Moody.' Thomas A.
DMscoil and H.; T.. Scott.- They: will meet
en Sunday and arrange.' the programme
a"hd other preliminary details.
President Newhall .. has pffered.ia silver
cup for the i best equipage driven, by a
lady. Francis J. Carolan has offered a
cup and the . Studebaker , Company has
also offered one.^.- ¦£• ... . • .
• The gentlemen;- who . own horses, even
though they be not up to the. standard re
quired In the showing.' will. "be. urged to
exhibit to help out the gemeral effect.
At present the greatest difficulty to be
overcome will be in the matter ot judges.
Experts who have ae ted. in that capacity
in the past are not" available. . •
The saddle classes should be strong, as
there are many polo ponies and qualified
hunters eligible to compete. The Bur
lingame horsemen can da them Justice.
AQUEDUCT MEETING
COMES TO A CLOSZ
Metropolitan Handicap at Morri3
Park Saturday—Waring Defeats
The Lady at Worth.
NEW YORK, May 1. — The Aqueduct spring:
meeting came tp^ a close to-day and a big
crowd was in attendance. The races go to
Morris Park Saturday, with the great Metro
politan handicap as the feature. Summary:
First race, seven furlongs, selling — Hough
Rider won Belle of Mllford second. Jack De
mand third. Time, 1:30. ¦<
Second race, five furlongs, selling — Warte
Nicht won, Joe Cobb second, XIaxus third.
Time. 1:03.
Third race, handicap, five and a half fur
longs — Cervera won, Alarsrraviate second,
Petra II third. Time. 1:07 S-~
Fourth . race, the Flushing stakes, mile and
seventy yards — Intrusive won. Fonsoluca sec
ond. Barbara Frietchle third. Time, 1:48 3-5.
Fifth race, seven .furlongs, selling — Melster
slnger won, Shandonfield second. Locket third.
Time, 1:30 2-5.
Sixth race, five furlongs — Tugal Bey won,
Collgny second. Nodo third. Time, 1:04.'
. NASHVILLE. . May 1.— Cumberland Park
summary: . .; , , - j
First race, six furlongs — Crimean '• won. W. *
TV. Dempster second. Charley Thompson third.
Time. l:10»4- ••..-•
I Second , race, one mile— Brulare won, Alsrla
>r ..second, i-ady. Strathmore third. -'Time,
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Freman
¦ won. Lecturer second, Hi-Kollar third. Time,
1:19. -
Fourth race, five furlongs, selling — Ed Lay
son won. Maltoferin second. Gold Ornament
third. Time, l:Cti.
Fifth race, four furlongs — Doldle Chute won,
Harding second. Gorey third. Tin*. :52^. \
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards, setting —
Staff won. Lamp Globe second. Plead third.
Time, 1:40*4. ¦
CHICAGO. May 1.— "Worth summary:
First race, six furlongs — Federal won. Grey
feld second, Maggie Davis third. Time.
1:15 2-5.
Second race, four and a half Turlongs — Torn.
Cogan won. Agnes Mack second. Belle Graham,
thtrd. Time, :55 3-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Red Apple won.
Possart second,- Dark Secret third. Time. l:S0.
Fourth race. Worth handicap; mile, and a
sixteenth — Waring won, Tbe Lady second. La
Crimea .third. Time, 1:46 3-5.
Fifth race, mile and an eighth — Search-r
won. Malay second,. Fanner Bennett third.
Time. 1:50 3-5.
Sixth race, one mile — Vulcain won, ' Miracle
second, C. B. Campbell third. Time, 1:4&
Braun Convicted and Sentenced.
Martin Braun, . the stylishly attired
thief who made It a practice to*purtoin
gold leaf and Instruments from dentists,
was convicted by Judge Cabaniss yester
day on six charges of petty larceny. One
of the charges was grand larceny, but
was reduced. The Judge sentenced him
to six months on each of the first .two
charges and six months on each of . the
others, but to run concurrently. This will
give him a year in the County Jail. Braun
said he was a mining engineer, but had
been in financial straits, which, led. him
to steal. His victims were I>rs. Hazel
hurst. C. H. Whitman. Z. T. MagiU. F.
A. Finne and J. \V. Hooch, and John J.
Kane, janitor, at 502 Sutter street.
THE SA1S FRAKCISCp CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1902.
4
"Benoit Hallgarten. administrator of the
estate of Adolphe Hallgarten, who died
at.Part3 last Octobers-filed a suit against
Maurice Kahn yesterday to recover $38 -
571. He alleges that Kahn was tntrusted
with the money by the testator several
months previous to his departure for
Paris. He charges further that Kahn
Was refused to deliver the money, despite
/numerous demands made upon him.
!; A- car-load": of Call Snperlor
AllaHcn arrived yesterday and
are . ' now ready., for distribu-
tion. : All 'Hnbs'cribcri to The
Call; are- entitled to .n. copy 1 of
tills sreat book at tlie' prem-
ium rate of ?1 50.; Out of
town ¦' MTib5crU»cr.M desiring: a
copy 'of ; this* splendid. - prem-
ium Trill be supplied on re-
ceipt -of." ipi 5O. 'All mnll
orderfi will be nhippcd by ex-
press at subscriber's expense/
jMen! Wake Up!]
2 Is Your Back Weak? $\> %
J Have You Dragging Pains? •
• Are You Easily Tired ? -fk^ " •
J Havi You Vartcocele? J^T / lilj . •
• V* A\*E YOU LOST THE FIRE AND STRENGTH OF >«- 11 *^^ v I 2
g II your youth? Have you •'come and go" pains In / ._ 1^^_ ' 5?
£1 your back and shouMer*? Are vcu growing old too soon? fl ' A ' . '¦&
2 I' >"" u have these tymptomi' or any other ; •• I*-. •" \ " M '.9
9 e'.gn of breaking down of your nerves and • ¦IV ¦'(.'* A A
Q \1tallty >o« wil! find fiew life in Electricity as I; . ' %. ji
applied while you slee^. jk.. -fl - ' .J[- S
S Dr. Mclaughlin's ; &T j4v * ¦ / -1^^ *
| Electric Belt l(k\Wj
9 1--, rr>8<ie for you. It is the best way to use JESS5S&^ N^*^Sl»ftS& O
© electricity. It pours a gentle stream of life N^ -T» PjS^^l A
A Into the vt-ak parts continually for hours every / 1^S» S
Z rijrht. It refreshes the nerves, exj.an.js tho J8S3rv5i77?*Wb*leaK " •*
2 v-t«i power.-, enriches the circulation and B$g/5 71 VN'VWv^SSSSveir 0
• mcke? you fe-l bright, active and vlRorcus £SSoB'' ///- » " \ SsSSRmgBr A
O in nro nis-'ifs use. You K«n stronger earh ' "•/- -• J \ ' PtrfCTBt A
A day. and in a few weeks you are a now man — "KSepL ' - '-tlHnBB' 5
0. eucnger and younger in the fire of youth. It ''¦ %<***"» v\ESB%^ 1 '^ ®
is frrand, this method of mine, and every man •" "*" *Q
• v.-ho lias wer used it Is praising It. ' ¦' Q
• Try It Now! i
• ( ?^ n^ d t^ lITiif. "• T ° ur J utur «" happiness depends on your checking this 2
• Eoy'rof^'b'S.nnTvlVoT" ° nd I™ <»« *» 8Ure ot * lon * and vigorous.; J
0 I »111 give you a free test of what I can do. If you can't call send for my beaut" 2
9 - SPICIAL NOTICE— 0.t May 5th I will remove my offices to 9C6 Market St. Q
I Dfi. M. C. McLaughlin, 702 Market St., Cor. Kearny S
j: ...».„/ <Lotta yountaln). Ean rrandacf?. -, O
V Office hours— S A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays. 10 to 1. ' •
" ' - ' - - •-'-.'¦ ' ¦ •' A
' 1 ; : ' ' Another shipment of those Panamas came in the other day and, H
« B vve will sell them for $6. You had better buy quickly this time, for • 8
.•R,. it is our last opportunity to get genuine Panamas at a price ena- a
H The hats are genuine Panamas, imported from the famous S
I isthmus: they come in the Pantourist style as pictured and are -8
¦ You know a cenuine Panama is flexible and can be %
y ¦ ; blocked into anv .other shape for next season should the style &!
I 'change; they don't soil easily and can be readily cleaned; while 3
¦ , they last the price will be II
a (ut-o'-lo»n orders filled — write ui. B .
c fl*Q*S^aafc«<Q(KMr!j^^Rr^^BffCBI^gF*WW^B^6JContinued From Page One.
CUBANS WABMLY GREET '*,;.
THEER PRESIDENT-ELECT
Great Enthusiasm Prevails When
Senor Palma Is Being Escorted
to the Palace.
SANTIAGO DE' CUBA, May 1.— About
40,000 people were packed In. the narrow
streets of this city when Senor Palma
arrived and the crowds were so dense at
certain points that they, obstructed the
procession, 1 j which was increased by
mounted delegations . from all parts of
the province, until it was miles long. The
greatest enthusiasm prevailed. •- \
Senor Palma was escorted to the palace,
where he held' a public reception during
the forenoon, lasting several hours. .So
numerous were the people who were eager
to shake hands with the President-elect
that he became > exhausted and retired
from the hall slightly indisposed.
After taking lunch with Mayor Bacardi,
Senor Palma inspected the sanitary de
partment. This afternoon he inspected
the schools and cemeteries of the city. At
the cemetery where the bodies of the
Virginius martyrs are Interred he made an
impressive speech and placed a floral
wreath upon each grave. He said that
history did not furnish another instance
of such unselflsh^devotion to the people
of liberty. Senor Palma also visited the
San Juan and Caney battlefields. Later
he Inspected the new school houses, which
wero the first to be built for the educa
tional purposes in Cuba.
To-night the President-elect' was enter
tained at the opera and by the Marine
Club. Tho city is illuminated and bands
are playing in 4 all the plazas. >
NOTABLE WOMEN GATHER.
Dacca, a city in Bengal, has a famous
place in the history of British India. It is
situated 150 miles northeast of Calcutta.
In the seventeenth century it was the
capital of Bengal. In 1800 it had a popu
lation of 200,000 and was noted for its
product of fine muslins, whlchywere
known as "woven wind." Growing Im
ports ! of Manchester cottons ruined its
industries, however, and by 1891 the popu
lation had dwindled to 82,000.
CALCUTTA, .Mayjl.— A tornado has
devastated the'' city of Dacca and ad
joining towns. Four hundred and sixteen
persons were killed. Crops were ruined
throughout the district.
SIMLA, India, May 1.— The tornado first
struck Posgola on the afternoon of April
23,, where It wrecked "the Datta jute
works. From Posgola it moved to Sana
char, where the India general warehouses
were destroyed by a great wave which
was whirled out of the river by the wind.
Everywhere In the path of the tornado
huts, trees, the roofs of houses and people
were carried up into the air like paper.
Thirty-one persons were killed at Sana
char; 110 near Dacoa, 175 at Nagalband
and 100 at Barnighal.
DEADLY WORK
OF A TORNADO
woman had been importuned by" Utah
women ; to lead in the fight in . the event
that Mrs. Roberts undertakes to make a
contest. TV-..-.,— .
•In the meantime the real skeleton, the
color question, will make a ¦ warm
enough time in the ' course of convention
events. The rumor having started" 'in
California that Mrs. Ruf fin intended' to
come to Los Angeles, impelled Mrs. Anna
D. West, one of the leaders In Massa
chusetts, to seek a denial through, the
newspapers. : ¦
The only official reception,' which closed
the day , with a crush, came . off in the
evening under the auspices of the Friday
Morning Club at;the: Women's Club
House, . a quaint ¦ structure • . of Mission
architecture, which had been transformed
into , a -tropical -- bower. , The throng of
thousands was greeted by the national of
ficers, the local biennial board, the presi
dents of the Los Angeles clubs, while Mrs.
Frances, as chairman of the introduction
committee, .served t in this capacity during
the evening.' ¦' / '¦ >v '- ¦ ; • ¦ ••*
• The programme to-morrow is largely
filled with reports.: The routine, however,
is to be broken' by the famous fiesta par
ade, . stands having" been; erected v all over
the city,- not only:for.the club women, but
the thousands 1 of .others who, Jhave
thronged the city for the annual fete.
DENVER. -May 1. — Mrs. John L,. Klnjsbury,
wife of the foreman of the Superior Laundry,
poisoned her • two . children, aged • 1 . year and
8 years respectively, and herself at her home
this • afternoon. All ~ are dead. ;. : Despondency
is - slven •; as '. the ' cause '. of the woman's . rash'
deed. .The poisons used 'were chloroform, lauda
num and carbolic add. •; vvKWaB
GOVERNOR OF KANSAS j
-\!i- "" •¦¦ DISCUSSES. PBOHIBITION
Says the State Has Been Greatly
Benefited by the Anti-Liquor
Laws. VU-:h
; TOPEKA. Kans., May a.— It is twenty
one " years ago ' to-day since prohibition
was adopted in Kansas. Governor Stan
ley-- to-day, discussed the effects of pro
hibition as .follows:
Prohibition : in • Kansas has , been marked by
very, beneficial results, and this is apparent to
any one who will travel through Kansas and
through any of, the license States that may.be
selected. ¦¦_ and note the difference In the types
of : young men in . the two . States. • . There, are
thousands of young men in Kansas who never
saw a saloon, and will avoid it, if for no other
reason than because it is under the ban of the
law.. There are thousands of men who would
probably patronize the saloon If sanctioned by
the law. and conducted with State approval who
avoid it and, will avoid "it as Ions as the. law
brands . it as an Ishmaellte among the legiti
mate enterprises of -the community. . ' ..
Cabinet of Victoria Resigns.
MELBOURNE, .Victoria. May 1.— The
Cabinet has resigned. The Premier is
considering the situation. T ',i
LONDON. May l.-It is ofllcially as
serted that subsequent to the deliberation
of the Boer leaders at Vereening they
will proceed . to Pretoria and deliver to
Lord Kitchener their decision In regard
to the peace terms they are prepared to
accept. , - .
WASHINGTON, May 1.— The Boer ques
tion came up before the Rouse Committee
on Foreign Affairs to-day when Represen
tative Burleson of Texas asked as to the
disposition of the various resolutions of
sympathy referred to the committee. Rep
resentative Adams of Pennsylvania, chair
man of the sub-committee having the
resolutions in charge, said that next Mon
day had been designated for a hearing of
those interested, at which time several
of those prominently identified with the
pro-Boer movement will be present. The
resolutions Include those of sympathy and
those referring to supply camps alleged
to be maintained in this country. The
sub-committee consists of Representatives
Adams, Cousins and Hooker.
PRETORIA, May L — The general
meeting of the Boer leaders, at ¦ which
a final decision on the subject of the
peace negotiations is expacted, will take
place at Vereenlng, Transvaal, May 15,
not May 25, as announced.
GALESBXJRG. 111.. May 1. — The Republican
Congressional Convention of the new Fifteenth
District nominated Robert B. Prince of Gales
burs by acclamation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, CHICAGO. May 1.— Many of the points
in allegations upon which United States
District Attorney Bethea will base his ap
plication for an injunction to restrain the
greed of the beef trust were learned to
day from 'an authoritative source. They
are as follows:
"That a combination has existed among
big packers to raise and lower prices of
meats to retailers and consumers, irre
spective of the natural market conditions,
this combination forming under the stat
utes of the Government a trust.
"That the packers have had among
themselves a profit-sharing and expense
sharing organization not formed by incor
poration, but partaking of all the features
of a trust according to the statutes.
"That by secret verbal and written
agreement the big packers have re
strained the wholesale and retail meat
trade; have. discriminated between pat
rons; have "bulled" and Pbeared" mar
kets for personal gain and irrespective of
the statutes provided.
"That, in combination the big packers
have forced and accepted discriminating
rates from railways of the country, to the
injury of similar interests not In the com
bination. :
"That the so-called 'credit agreement'
is no more- nor less than a trust agree
ment to control the meat market of New
York and other large cities. «
"That the territory is divided among
the big packers for stock buying and
meat selling purposes, and that trade is
not only restrained, but competition de
stroyed.
"That all of these acts are offensive to
the internal commerce of the United
States, an oppression upon the people
and a violation of law." :
It is said that the names of members
of big packing firms »will appear In ths
bill in connection with those of a number
of important subordinates. - . ;
Federal Grand Jury proceedings ; will
grow out of this bill and indictments will
supplement the Government's demand for
a permanent Injunction against the big
packers. ; .
It is expected that the long looked for
bill when filed will contain a definition
of scope of the alleged combination, and
that this definition will be of this,char
acter: - . '
"Conferring upon an arbitrator mutually
selected the right to examine all books,
papers and accounts of trust branches.
' "To impose a fine of i not more than $50
for every violation of the agreement dis-,
covered.
"To impose a fine of not more than $50
upon any employe who disclosed business
secrets. v
"To make. a decision from which there
was no appeal, when members of the com
bination disagreed as to the disposition
to be made of a delinquent butcher.
"To- place on the blacklist dealers who
did not accept : the rule of paying their
bills by Tuesday following purchases.
"To place on the blacklist dealers whose
checks were not mailed later than the
day following the receipt of a bill. . i
"To collect from the fines imoosed all
the expenses of the arbitrator's office."
BERLIN, May 1.— "American energy^
and American millions are making them
selves felt in China more and more pow
erfully,"' said Count von Waldersee in an
interview at Dresden, where he Is visit
ing the King of Saxony. The Count was
commander-in-chief of the allied forces
in China. Continuing, he said:
"We have come into closer political
touch with the United States and that
country will exercise a favorable Influ
ence In the world's politics.
"The English-Japanese alliance Is of
pre-eminent significance," he said. "It re
veals the seriousness of tffe world situa
tion. In Japan, which I visited after leav
ing China, a collision with Russia is re
garded as unavoidable. The Japanese
troops which I saw are excellently trained.
Several of the Russian positions in East
Asia seem still to be exposed, but this
will not be for long, ' because Russia is
making the best use of her time. Her
position at "sea Is daily growing stronger
and great interests are at stake in China.
"From all sides, Burmah, Tonkin and
other places, energy is being directed
toward the Yangtse Valley, which, be
cause of Its position and wealth, Is the
most important part of China."
BOER LEADERS
SOON TO DECIDE
POINTS IN BILL
AGAINST TRUST
PREDICTS WAR
IN THE ORIENT
Miss Emma Valeria Haslehurst and
Hugh I. McGinnis were the principals at
a pretty wedding last evening at St.
Dominic's Church, Bush and Stelner
streets. Rev. Father Jones performed the
ceremony. The church was decorated
with palms arranged with excellent taste!
The bride was attended by Miss Emma
Lltsch. maid of honor. . Milton Vigoreux
8cted as best man. Dr. A. C. Haslehurst
gave the bride into the. keeping of the
groom. The beautiful bridal toilette was
of white plna cloth over white silk. A
filmy white tulle vail was fastened In the
hair with a spray of orange blossoms.
The bouquet consisted of an armful of
bride roses effectively arranged. Miss
Litsch wore pink crepe de chine over silk.
After the ceremony a reception was held
at the residence of the groom, 1842 Gough
street, where the drawing-rooms and sup
per-room were lavishly decorated with
flowers, pink and white being the - pre
vailing colors. Mr. and Mrs. McGinnis
left late In the evening for their wed
ding trip to the southern part of the
State,
-• , ¦ • • - •
The tlossom fete given at the residence
of Mrs. Wesley A. Jacobs, 1715 Pacific
avenue, yesterday afternoon and evening
was a pronounced success. Three . hun
dred guests were entertained during the
afternoon and three hundred came to en
joy the evening. Flowers were every
where and in addition to the lavish floral
decorations the numbers on the . pro
gramme had some bearing upon the sea
son. Among the artists who delighted
the audience with their talent were: Miss
Tcoley. contralto; Mrs. Cramer, soprano;
Mrs. Thayer, soprano; Miss Macomber,
readings; Mr. Robson, violin selections.
Chinese children from the mission gave
their specialties. After the programme
came an Informal reception. Refresh
ments were served by Xhe young ladles
on the reception committee.
Mrs Jacobs was assisted In receiving
by Miss Susie Abbott, Miss Thompson,
Miss Campbell of Colorado, Miss Henry
of Ks.nsas City, Miss Middleton, Mrs.
Fred A. Jacobs, Miss Macomber. Mrs.
Rolla Watt and Mrs. William Abbott
The fete was given under the auspices
of the Central Auxiliary of the Woman's
Home Missionary Society and the pro
ceeds will be devoted to its rescue work
nnd training school in this city.
• • •
The Doctor's Daughters grave a May
day partv fit the Children's Hospital yes
terday afternoon. The little patients were
given ices and candles, while a balloon
came to each with the compliments of
Hale Bros. / '.' ' •:*•
• • •
Miss Clara Underbill and John B. Chase
were married on Wednesday evening at
the home of the- bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. H. B. Underhill Jr.. 1326 Pine street.
The drawing-rooms were prettily deco
rated in spring blossoms of various kinds
In pink and white. Rev. R. C. Foute per
formed the ceremony in the presence of
about sixty friends and relatives. Miss
Emma Brown was maid of honor. Law
rence W. Harris was best man. Fred
Hutchinson and Harry Hand carried the
ribbons, while Master Blanchard Haskell
was ringbearer. The bride was beauti
fully gowned in white panne crepe with
garniture of old point lace/ The tulle veil
¦was held In the hair by orange blossoms.
The bride carried a shower bouquet of
orange blossoms. Mr. and Mrs. Chase
will spend their honeymoon in British
Columbia, and upon their return will live
in this city. - o
Miss Glbbs entertained a number of
friends at ping pong on Wednesday after
noon. ¦ •
Miss Rose Harris has returned to the
city.
Mr. and Mra. F. A/Atwood are sojourn
ing at Highland Springs.
General Shafter returns to-day to the
southern part of the State. He-came up
from hia Bakersfleld ranch for the Per-
Mrs. Jane Neal, an aged woman residing
at 34 Welch street, was knocked down at
Market and Sixth streets yesterday after
noon by a bicycle ridden by William Cog
ley, a messenger boy. Police Officer
Charles F. Skelly placed Cogley under ar
rest on the charge of battery. Mrs. Neal's
injuries were slight.
Reckless Bicycle Rider.
LOVING CUP PRESENTED TO
E. L. WAGNER BY LIQUOR
DEALERS' ASSOCIATION.
AUTHORITIES AFTER
SUSPECTED MURDERER
Deputy Marshal Gamble Leaves for
Stockton to Arrest Indian Ter
ritory Criminal.
United States Deputy Marshal Gamble
left here for Stockton yesterday morning
to arrest a man wanted In Indian Ter
ritory for murder. Just who the suspect
is the authorities decline to state. Ho is
said to have made known his Identity
and confessed his crime to a companion
m-Stockton. who in turn notified the po
lice. Sheriff SIbley when seen last night
at Stockton refused to make known the
name of the suspect, saying that it might
put him on his guard and thereby ruin
their chances of apprehending him.
17, 1901, and now«iias a membership of 600
dealers and has cash In . the treasury to
the amount of $1000. On the 5th of next
month the association will give its first
banquet.
Miss Carrie Redmond returned Wednes
day to her home in the State of New
York having spent a year with her uncle
and wife/ Mr. and Mrs. McKittrlck.
kics-Huntington wedding. Mr. and Mrs.
W. McKittrlck left Wednesday evening
for a couple of weeks at Santa Barbara.
A SILVER loving cup, superb in de
sign and handsomely engraved,
was yesterday presented to E. L.
Wagner, the first president of the
California. Liquor Dealers' Asso
ciation. The presentation was made at a
regular meeting of the association in B'nai
B'rith Hall. Jesse E. Marks, chairman of
the board of directors, presided and made
the speech, by which the beautiful souve
nir vras tendered to Mr. Wagner. After
the ceremonies of presentation refresh
ments were served. Later short, speeches
were made. The speakers were: Oscar
Hocks, treasurer; William Clack, secre
tary; John W. Shlnkwin, conductor; P. J.
McGuFhin; F. P. McCann, financial secre
tary: Supervisor Fred N. Bent, John But
ler, D. J. O'Keefe, Charles M. Fisher and
Don R. Dunbar. A song by Eddy Booth
proved acceptable. In fitting terms Mr.
Waerer thanked his associates for the
compliment and expressed his apprecia
tion of their kindness.
The inscription engraved on the cup
reads: "Presented to E. L. Wagner, First
President of the California Liquor Deal
ers' Association. No. 1. San Francisco,
California. May 1. 1902."
The association was Organized January
NUPTIAL VOWS
EXCHANGED AT
ST. DOMINIC'S
A very intelligent rendering of a dra
matization of Sir Walter Scott's "Lady of
the Lake" was given last night by the
students and alumni of Cogswell Poly
technic College at Twenty-sixth and Fol
som streets to a large and appreciative
audience.
Though much shortened, the story is
well sustained from the time Fitz-James,
James V- of Scotland, first meets the fair
Ellen Douglas, to the final scene in the
audience chamber at Stirling Castle.
The actors and actresses had been well
grounded in their parts and did great
credit to the schooling. of Miss Jenne M.
Long, under whose direction the play was
produced. . .• . - •• .
•In the first act both. Miss Madeline M.
Murphy, who essayed the . part' of Ellen
Douglas, and Frank A. Giesting, the Fitz-
James, were a trifle nervous, but they
both warmed to their parts as the even
ing went on and threw . aside all ama
teurism. : .
De Guy Simpson, the Roderick Dhu. act
ed In gallant manner the Highland chief
tain. He was at ease from the start and
In the fourth act, when Fitz-James, seek
ing to return to Stirling, comes suddenly
upon Roderick at his campflre and is ex
tended by the chieftain the courtesy of
his rugged fastness, Mr. Simpson's intel
ligent handling brought forth loud ap
plause.
Miss Ceiia A. Brietstcln, as Blanche of
Devon, the crazed and captive Lowland
maid, held the audience from her en
trance to her death by the hand of Mur
dock, the Highland guide, and received
a well-merited curtain call. The other
parts were well sustained and the whole
a most creditable performance. The cast
follows: ..
Ellen Doug-las, Lady of 'the Lake, Madeleine
M. Murphy; Fitz- James, James V of Scotland,
Frank A. destine; Roderick Dhu, Highland
chieftain, De Guy Simpson; Lady Margaret
Roderick's mother, Anna M. McLea; Lord
James of Douirlas, Daniel Monroe Jr.; Blanche
of Devon,' Cella A. Breitsteln; Malcolm Graemo,
Highland chieftain, Albert W. Albrecht; Allan
Bane, a bard, Allee F. Hunt; Murdock, George
W. Morrison.
Between the second and third acts Miss
Elsie J. Burrlngrton sang, "Mary of Ar
gyle," and as an encore "Comln' Thro'
the Rye." "When Te Gang Awa', Ja
mie." was very well rendered by Miss An
na M. McLea and Edward L. Barry be
tween the third and fourth acts, and
little Miss Mary Murphy came in for
much applause for her dancing of the
Highland fling at the end of the fouth
act.
The stage setting: and dressing of the
play showed that much care had been
taken to produce as near as possible the
scenery where the plot is laid, and the
costumes of. the period.
Young People of Cogswell
School Make Admirable
Showing. , ': ;
- — y. — * ¦
Students Produce Scott's
Poem, "The Lady of
*the Lake."
GIVE A CLEVER
DRAMATIZATION
THE SAN ERA!!* CISCO CAIX, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1902.
Honored by His Fellow Members.
First President of California Association
LIQUOR DEALERS PRESENT
A LOVING CUP TO WAGNER
5
¦'. "THE EMPORIUM^ '\ ' V--_m;EMPbMuiL---" ; , ': | ' _ ¦ _ . CTE/EMPOBIPli;' 1 ' I " THE EMPORIUM. .
j "A: '- . '• ' - -'¦¦•¦• ¦¦' ¦•* --'-. - • \/ ¦'¦ - ¦• ¦' ¦. - •¦-.-" J ¦ S
V IOn Saturday night only ft om 7 until 10:30, Spuial Sales of (Mtn's $$co AU-Wjool Pants at $K6g; Men's §3.50 Via Kid' Snoes, $2.28;] *«
* I .. (Men's U' 01 king Shirts Aye. •-¦¦ ¦ -'-¦¦¦¦ - •:; -v:: . . . ' -.' t? " 1 V
* Or— . ' ; ., . ",. . . .'..:, — : : — '- ; : ¦ ¦ 6 5
% Lvster and Kent's Wonderful **/sF* /7^ '^ •• Candy Sale Saturday. 5
i Electrical Exhibition—^ hour? in ths , >V$v> y/>#,#,> JhsyJt- # # # gL&s* Pancche Creams and Roman Caramels — Two of j
tf Alps — is witnessed by thousands daily. Do not A^^^^f^*^r^^i5^/Z^7^^A^^^r our most popular candies — for which our regu- Jt
fl niiss this beautiful show. Hourly from 10 a. m. m M.***'^^/ MM6jw*Sl/*/9 / m'9 i^Mm^; r ] ar j ow p^g jj c p cr ;^ >; on sa ] e a n jj
* until closing time daily in our Exhibition Hall. CAuroBNiA'S LARGgT-^^mw'" day Saturday only, lb Off*» "*
tf Admission free. -auj^gy^jE*!* AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE J&m&C *
\ Towel Sale. J rU jy a J!^ ******* $2.50 Shoes /^" e **^ a ' e I
1 to Enas:the Great .-»« r _ > Friday Only. j«
K fancy red border, doss weave, and a good jffej? J ¦dE» m afmm © S rf?^—- ¦ » <"C'^j'f Another of the big store's popular sale* of regu- £
I PSS^^P IPlWiiiilil FT OclU Sizes and \
I U....,.,y.l :28c StS; d S.S/f^M W,M »i.I«£r ¦ »™*e» Lois Hats, f
I ATwo-oajr KX*-'- 50 - :-•; „ •, . ¦„„ |
i Handkerchief Sate* suits;untiico«- v^> . A Third Off » L» dditi ° a ¦«» f*™* I \ *
ft? '• ' -' .-.,., ine time Saturday ¦ C^l ¦ A r tf ¦ *m m— ' ~* mm m ' offerings we will give you A I Jf
X „ 30O «5o«n Ladies' Jf!'"J- • ¦££ \*iv \ H i Ott Furniture PrtCeS choice, of our regular (L K\ -J
$ att om thlSTo^ fci reliable furaiture-Extension Tab'es, Side! tapering crown and roll >^-^< J
5 %&( ' lar value *" fF 7 /\ A ing Bed», etc.; small lott are marked to close 30U na.s— In the Pan- H | £
S? >$&&. .A>3L' <lh W r'liw n H,m Youihj' Suits— ' U Jit J \ »* one-third off regular orices. Two items tounst "7 le * mixtures, 1 J\J I'' Jf
I Wt%^£^ stitcned Handkerl For age! ,4 to \V \ ¦«* » this offe/for Friday and Saturday P«* -- bhek, regu- \ O£- / £
»" Bd'iit to- (tll'at son,.;: all-wool V-A \< Tabourette — Hand-pohshed mahogany or Saturday. . . SZ.SS jf
ygs^i^^"^^ I2^c each, for. two " fabrics, extra well 'TJA // golden oak, with circular top and shelf^ reju- .. V- ;; : •--*
h days. So tailored and /A /^L/ Jarly <4.oo. for . ..... ..$2.67 iZpSGlitCl SafO «
5 Sheer.Linen Handkerchiefs, elaborately trimmed trimmed, the. f& r& Ladies' Dejk—Birdseye. maple, superior make Q On #/f«ffAG TOmDgk^g S
5 in^ne. Valenciennes lace, choice patterns coats military and : £? and finish, formerly sold for c ff _ , „ , * # «"-X # . J€
* that are worth aoc and ace each- 1 - regular cut, atual $11.50 and $15.00 fio.Friday and Saturday .. QOsO/ Spachtel Borean Scarfs, 18x54 inches, beautiful C
ft for the two days ...... . .' IH-Q values; Friday and Satur- — n — : ' effects, worth from I1.Z5 to $2.00, to-day V
i «. #<w , tB • *?'"!*¦.¦ "•¦••¦••--• S1O.5O $1.OO Parts Stretcher s^U^^^^Zf^'fS. S
If 3>n8Ct BVmUSmO IOCi Boys' Norfolk Suit — Style as in picture, for . and Gt*OaSGi* 57 IS* terns, worth from $1. 25 to $2.00 each, to- 2
!f The following poplar sheet music that we f8« 5 to 7, the very newest style and color- An improved device in form of a spring wire • • 72O and 82o "«
5 sell regularly 15c copy; 0.1 Friday „_ mgs; but a small quantity of these J4.00 an d 'wood frame for inserting in legs of n-tl -" ; -v' • <f
I only. ............ 15C Suits; to-day and Saturday . trousers, which win press and crease them PlifOW TOp Safe $
!£ "Cats' Parade"— Instrumental. D ".'r'n" i« VV11' r . while you sleep; a regular $1.00 _ _ • COnfinUGS TO-Baif. X
* "When Mr. Shakespeare Cornea to Town." Boys Sailor and Vestee Suits— For ages 3 to article, to-day only . . 57 C c iv J j Jt m * ,**? *
* : "Blaze Away"— March and Two-Step. . 9 years, new effects for spring —, _-» , to-aay oniy w m •» Several hundred Gibson PJ'ow Tops and Backs, «
\ . "Maxnle^Aivy^Tshameer' \ »4 •-««« wear; f 5 value $3.48 nM , at Ca# « n M ~di|fct^«arf on edges, but nearly all £
V "Come Back lift. Honey Boy to Me"— From ¦ '—. — SpeQial SO/O Of of them perfect, worth 50c each, j^ >j
If "I Sl B h for a ci^^F^m'-Flddle-Dee- Rentttant Safe \ CaStHo SO3p. SOPwlvs.'r^ to "use", "24" Inches s<ma£ ]j
S> : Of GhOICe IfflattifttSSm Thc full - SIze bars » a P ure « g° od soa P> the T W handsome satin tops, silk bacic, heavy cord I*
% SiteClal SaleS Of GDlf M™ n & worth aoc to 4 oc per y£5, .in \ '" cut P ric f 2 , oc * e ]% on «* tassels all around, regular f - *
°^^7 r/s °^^ Choice l^thsfromitoSyardsralargeaiortment day only, single bar, 13 G ; * for . . 25C vale f 3.00, to-day only. . . $1.97 $
5 . «#__• - . of pretty styles and good qualities: marked .. J^ . . . 3
i . "ecfwp' to cLe, Friday a«d Saturday, per "91^ Metal Plauuss 33c. Hose Supporters a 5
5 xdg>^5 Men s Si. 00 grade of Per- var( i . -• m -MS ... , ., , ., ,. . , . . — -, __ _ 10 «
5 «'« and Madras Golf Shim, J ' '' * " * 2 l6 -l nch Metal ¦ Pl.,ua, upon whichcho.ee IOC Pair. /F\ $
»» .K- f •.. , • . , ' Furniture Department. • pictures are artistically executed in oil, fin- //, '.X "2
I BmM [hl^%t cutto S; sec : nd ; ioor ~r - ,,, " L shed with n giIt rim ; r * ring ° n back , for Fifty dozcn of thcsc popu - mi : ;
i iftliil ! P rett y np-to-date patterns, all Extra SpHCial UqUOr * 3n W> d °" ns of P leMI . n f I u rf cts t0 8:lect . lar "Hookon" Hose Sup- \ -2
I I II III 3. Ffiday Sat «S y5 rn P'SSpe? F ri* y \ A .'..*. ?33C porter, for women, web *
5- BHlnffiMli 6&° Ceda- Run Whisky— A popular £2.50 brand; 3 * r •*
* fill 'Mill II B °. y$ * G ° If Shirts— Either special Friday, per gallon ... . . $1.9Q - - top, fnlled clastic ends, «J
K ll$lll$$lllu i Perca<c <"•-. Madras, in good Hclland Gin— A good article, our own bottling; A „. "Z. I 7\ bntton fasteners assort- '• n>3«
i imll&mli I quality and stylish P atterns ; cuffs to-day.-. . 65c A Bl s Cl s ar s P ecul bntt0 Jasteners > assort - I L4. - s
% fcMaglmgij to match ...... . . SOo Sweet Wines— Our regular $1.50 grades of Friday and Saturday. m;nt of colors, Friday S|8" |T||
- "¦-¦ , '"' ' , Men's All. Silk Scarfs — Angelica, Muscatel and Tokay; special Fri- onlv t>a : r 1 $1 ' >i J5
X Ceaned up a i 5 c-do Z jn lot from a manu- day only, gil'on $1,05 NSlthBlfi HSSlO 5C ' ttffl lif *
J facturer who needed the money— Imperals, McBrayer's Whisky— Very old, the genuine -^ . _ _¦ __ 's5 Y|£ .J
fc » narrow Four-in-hands and Tecks; 50c values article, bottled at the distillery; the $1.25 €*l£J33i*S 8 tOr 2&C M §3 &* Wk %
X for . . ... .....»,... . 2SO ' fuH quart bcttlss; Friday only 87O Q — . \ O m%0M+m' Q£3 f^
1 San Francisco, Friday, 2 May, 1902.
Tliree pieces, $ 25. 00
It is said . that one : third of a person's life is spent in
bed*. Whether this applies to the ambitious American is
questionable; What we do know is that a rightly ap-
pointed sleeping chamber is desired by everyone and on
the furniture depends the appearance and comfort obtained.
Pictured above is one of our very reasonable three-
piece %ets. Made of ash (hardwood) and finished golden
brown. The bed is the usual double size and measures
76 inches high, at headboard and 35 inches at foot. The
bureau measures 42 inches wide by, 80 inches highland con-
tains, a mirror 21 by 27 inches. The washstandis 32 inches
wide and 16 inches in depth. Price for the three pieces,
$25.00. ¦ " ' ' . .'. .. ¦''"¦ ¦•- WW&
v ; This is but one of. 115 - sample . bedroom sets on our
sixth floor— -prices ranging from $13.50 to $1650.00. You
¦ ¦ :' are always welcome to , look without a thought of buying.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977^ Market Street, Opp. Golden- Gate Avenue;
Nm t?VT*
I THE REAL RAMONA. |
1 By Professor George Wharton James. §
I E. H. HARRIMAN, THE MAN. 1
1 ¦> * ; Bj Bertha H. Smiths |
S CALIFORNIA GIRL WHO WILL J
I ATTEND CORONATION OF | ~
F-THE WATERSPRITE.")
¦ - First of a notable leries of costume poses by well-known society ladles. f
*" THE NEW OUTING GIRL. "*
FASHIONS, FICTION, PAGES
OF HIMAN INI EREST
THE LAND OF MIRACLES.
PAT AND HEINY IN NEW AD- j
VENTURES. a
B9BBX*££9ESESEB ¦B^^B^S^^^BMB 9EC2^EQ9^fli^^V tELKS TAKE A PABT.
Those who sat on unp'aned planks had
an experience that made the parade a
mere trivial incident of the afternoon. In
"anticipation of a grand rush the pluto
cratic owners of reserves made an early
start, and some were perched on the
benches at 1:30 o'clock. As thejjrocesslon
did not begin to move by the reviewing
stand until 3:17. the Intervening period of
almost two hours was conducive to a
boom in the sartorial repairing business.
on race horses tugged and sweated and
looked utterly disgusted with it all.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
It is said that the recent flurry in Louisville and
Nashville stock has brought about the discovery that
three times certain Dutch speculators have bought
the road at $50 a share and sold it above $80. Shall
we ever be able to beat the Dutch' o"
And now the terrified authorities of Siam are vig
orously protesting against aggressions made by the
French. A short time ago it -was the British who
were the disturbers. It is somewhat easy to predict
y.\c fate of Siam in the midst of such complications.
- Townsend's California glace fruit, 60e a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or -Jap. bask
ets, i A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
- A shrewd coolie.of Philadelphia, who is called the
Mayor of the Chinatown of the Quaker \ City, wants
to bring three hundred of his countrymen to'" the
United States to illustrate a Chinese village in opera
tion. This, is the first plea under the "exposition"
clause of the exclusion act, which looks very much
like the' old frauds under which. California' particularly
has suffered • .,'• , '- ; , •-"
Prunes stuffed with apricots.Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's*
WASHINGTON, May 1— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day: At the St. James— D. Davis and wife
of San Francisco ; at the Shoreham*-C H."
Llndley and Miss W. E. Weeks of Alham
bra; : attha Wlllard— R. P. Schwerin and
A. J. Fry of San Francisco; at the Ebbitt
—J." A. Anderson of San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
¦ Mrs. Craigle, Dr. Conan Doyle, Anthony
Hope and J. M. Barrie have all, rather
oddly, written two original plays, two
plays,- that is to say. which have been
produced. Frankfort Moore has been quite
a prolific playwright. Mrs. Craigle Is now
dramatizing one of her novels. Hope and
Barrie have had a hand | in making ver
sions of two and one novels respectively,
while "The Eternal City" will be the
third of his novels which Caine himself
has dramatized. , George Moore, as the
result of a wager with George R. Sims,
wrote a drama some years ago called "The
Strike at Arlington." He is now actively
engaged In reviving or originating a
Gaelic drama.
Admiral Sir William ' Kennedy Is writ
ing a book of "Sport in the , Navy." . It
will probably be ready in the autumn.
He has been a keen, all round sportsman
and is the author of books on his experi
ences as such in the Pacific, South Amer
ica and Newfoundland. . .
The present book will, of course, be of
Tho announcement that Hall Caine's
"Eternal City" will shortly be produced in
dramatic form brings to j mind the num
ber of novelists who have recently striven
after the laurels of the dramatist.
The subject of the King's book plates
recalls the fact that the King takes a
very keen interest In his books. He has
just had the - library at Windsor re
arranged after his own taste by the chief
of the well known Piccadilly firm, of book
sellers, Messrs. Hatchard. One naturally
wonders if .any future historian will, like
Boswell, record some such conversation as
his Majesty's ancestor held with Dr. John
son, in which the King certainly came out
quite as well as the doctor.
Each set of "remarque" proofs is to cost
8 guineas ($42), but they will in all prob
ability fetch a good deal more.
So much interest is being taken in the
issue of fifty sets of proof etchings of the
King's book plates which his Majesty has
given the artist, George W. Eve, permis
sion to prepare for presentation toward
the coronation fund to the London hos
pitals, that is a certainty they will all
be bought up before they are out.
One recently started. Motoring Illus
trated, has been compelled to increase -Its
size, and already another new one, the
Automotor, is found lamenting in a lead
ing article of its fourth • number that it
has found it impossible to print all the
interesting automobile news coming to
hand. It has also i found it necessary to
Increase its size to meet the demands
made upon it. ;-: V
As" is but natural, or as was only to be
expected, ; the great progress which the
automobile, after a long period of inac
tivity, is now making in this country has
brought Into the market more than one
publication devoted toautomobillng.
Joseph A. Watts, the', popular and ef
ficient clerk who has been connected with
the claims department of the Southern
Pacific for several years, was ' yesterday
appointed chief clerk to Claims Agent
Gates of the United Railroads. A- J.
Griffith will also t>e connected with the
same office. ; Y
General J. Fred Pierson of New York
arrived here yesterday with his family in
a Drlvate car. The . general was an old
member of the Seventh Regiment of New
York and is president of the Army and
Navy Club. ' .
Judge Erskine, M. Ross of the Circuit
Court at Los Angeles arrived here yester
day to sit on the bench of the United
States Circuit Court of Appeals next Mon
day.
V r . H. Cassldy, a wealthy resident of
Pittsburg, arrived at ' the Palace yester
day, accompanied by I his wife and fam
ily. They are touring the coast. ¦ ¦ .
Captain G. C. Reiter, U. S. : N., com
manding the battleship Wisconsin, leaves
to-day for Napa Soda Springs, where he
will spend several weeks.
Judge F. A. Kelly of Susanville 13
spending a few days in the city and has
made his headquarters at the Grand.
"W. L. Watts, who is connected with the
State Mining Bureau, is here from Los
Angeles and is a guest at the Lick. ,
- J. M. Lanfleld, an extensive manufac
turer of tcigars at New York, is registered
at the Palace. , ,
C. D. Miller, a Fresno oil man, Is regis
tered at the Lick.
"W. H. Clary of Stockton is among the
arrivals at the Lick. . .
Dr. J. W. Hayes of Grass Vallejr is reg
istered at the Grand.
A. L. Ruff, a mining man of Rossland,
B. C." ia at the Grand.
Judge Ross of Los Angeles, accom
panied by his wife, Is at the Palace. ¦
A. "Weed, a merchant of Slsson, is at the
Lick.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
We have recently directed attention to' the state
ment of President Ripley of the Santa Fe that his
road would probably decline to comply with the
ruling of the commission on the Los Angeles citrus
fruit cases, and that of President Hill of the Great
Northern 'Securities Company that a decision of the
Supreme v Court against the recent merger of compet
ing railroads would not have any effect on the situa
tion whatever, and to the report of the commission
that neither itself nor the courts have been able to
enforce, the present law. Such being, the situation,
it is 'clearly the duty of Congress to act, but of course
Congress is not going to act unless the shippers of
die country demand it. So long as the Yailroads can
keep the people divided, just so long can' they keep
Congress-quiet and the commission and the courts
powerless.
Mr. Knapp, chairman of the commission, has re
peatedly declared that with a few amendments,
which have been stated in the reports of the com
mission, the present law could be made effective.
Nothing in the way of radical revolution is therefore
required. About^the Only change in the law would
be a provision by 'which the law can be enforced.
All that is needed is to give it vigor. It is not too
much to ask Congress to grant that, even at this late
day in the session, and a petition for it should be
sent , to Washington from . j representative men of
every city in the Union. '< "<¦'.
It would be well for merchants, manufacturers and
other large shippers of the country to unite in a
concerted movement to bring pressure to bear upon
Congress in favor of the measure. ¦' At the present
time the shippers of Chicago are acting, and after a
time those of another city will act; but they do not
act together, and the railways have learned how to
play one-.against another. The consequence is the
railroad officials are" able to laugh at the Interstate
Commerce Commission, ignore the decisions of the
courts and pay no attention to the public."
WHILE there is little "prospect that the bill
clothing the Interstate Commerce. Com
mission with the. enlarged' powers it asks for
will be passed at this session, it is gratifying to
know that the advocates of the measure have not
abandoned'the fight and are still; insistently urging
the matter upon the attention of Congress.
Two other measures of importance have been fairly
well advanced. The bill for the promotion of the
American merchant marine has passed the Senate,
and the isthmian canal bill has passed the House. If
now these two measures can be' added to the list of
things accomplished during the session this . Con
gress will have no occasion for distrust of the popu
lar vote when its members go before their, con
stituencies to submit their work and ask the ap
proval of the people.
In addition to other important legislation the war
taxes have been repealed and a burden of about
$-0,000,000 has been lifted from industry and com
merce: Thus all the special taxes called for by the
Spanish war have been removed and the revenues of
the country once more put upon a peace basis. The
Chinese exclusion bill, out of which some Democrats
hoped to make special capital for themselves, has been
duly enacted. The Philippine tariff has been adjusted
satisfactorily, and appropriations for internal im
provements have been made upon a scale that shows
the interest the Republican party has always taken in
the advancement of the nation. .
' As a whole the work of- the session thus far has
been highly creditable to the majority. The watch
ful Democrats have rot been able to score a single
point upon which they can appeal to the country,
while, on the other hand, the Republicans have al
ready accomplished much to which platform-makers
can "point with pride," and upon which candidates
can with justice claim the support of the people.
The session is not yet at an end, and possibly there
may be a Republican blunder before the end comes,
but at this time there is no sign of such a thing. The
one folly committed by the leaders of the party was
that of advocating the Cuban reciprocity scheme, but
there is now a fair prospect that even that blunder
will be, rendered harmless by the defeat of the bill.
WHEN the present session of Congress be
gan it was given out that the*Democratic
leaders intended to make use of it to develop
policies upon which to appeal to the country in the
elections for Congressmen this fall. There were
high expectations in the Democratic camp that the
Republicans would blunder in dealing with the Phil
ippines or some other new issue of th,e time, and they
were loud in their predictions that before the session
ended they would have ammunition enough to make
an aggressive campaign in every district in the
country.
THE WORK OP CONGRESS.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES;
NOT ON THE LIST-H. L. B.. City.
Ten-cent pieces of 1SS4 and capper cents
of 1S17 are not on the HstVas premium
coins.
LEADING LADY— H. K., Sacramento.
Cal. Isabella Irving was the leading lady
for James K. Hackett In San Francisco
when he first appeared in the "Prisoner
of Zenda." '-.
A TOKEN— E. M.. City. The piece of
metal ot which you send a rubbing:, and
which has on one side "The Federal
Union; It Must and Shall be Preserved,"
and on the other, "Army and Navy," 13
one of more than 3500 different kinds of
tokens that were issued during the Civil
"War, 1861-5, by tradesmen In Heu of small
change. There Is no premium offered for
the one Inquired about. A firm In the East
that ha3 a large collection of such tokens.
Including; the one alluded to, offers to sell
them at the rate of $3.50 per hundred, all
different.
a general rather than a personal char
acter, yet it can hardly be without the
breezy note which made "Hurrah for the
Life of a Sailor" such a success.
Lucas Malet Is now finishing 1 a novel on
which she has been engaged since she
wrote "Sir Richard Calmady." Coming
after that success, it may be expected to
excite interest when It appears In the
early autumn.
T? Going t° TTiunder Mountain ??
Th« Northern PaclHc Railway ia the beat,
cheapest and quickest route. Fro/w Lewlaton
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wagon roadj
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which points
the trails Into thl3 district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELEr!
O. A.. 647 Market st. 8. F.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract la 'the fixed stand
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. la the
Bneat. purest vanilla extract that caa ba bough-
M*n «h*v«d without soap. 15c, at Russ Bouss
Antiseptlo Barber Shop. 217 Montgomery. •
INTERSTATE COMMERCE.
the line. The head of the procession, John
Brink, mounted on a big gray horse, was
greeted with well deserved enthusiasm at
every point. The burros did not look the
least bit lonesome with the rest of' the
crowd, and the poor old "plugs" that
drew sleds or were intended as burlesques
while the streets were again brilliantly
i illuminated and filled with great crowds.
The carnival spirit prevailed and every
body was showered with confetti. Bands
gave open air concerts In three different
sections of the business center of the
town. To-morrow's feature will be the
floral parade.
LADIES WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN THE FIESTA
"WHICH BEGAN IN THE SOUTHERN METROPOLIS UNDER THE
MOST FAVORABLE AUSPICES.
This fall a Legislature is to be elected, and if the
Native Sons be in genuine earnest about the matter
of protecting the woods and waters they can see to
it that every candidate for a legislative office is
pledged to give support to some well devised meas
ure looking to that end. California will to some ex
tent of course take the risks of an experimenter in the
line of forest conservation, for her woods and the
conditions under which they flourish are different
from those of any other country; but still in what
has been done elsewhere there are abundant guides to
help to the solution of ' every problem we will be
called upon to confront. Many of the nations of the
Old World have preserved their forests. Several of
the States have begun forest preservation or replant
ing in this country- ' We can learn something of
value from each of them. The main thing is to make
up our minds to 7 undertake the work, and in the
campaign of education to that end the Native Sons
ought to be among the most earnest workers and
teachers.
Far more destructive than the lumbermen are the
annual fires that sweep the fields and the woods. The
losses occasioned by these fires far exceed what would
be the cost of maintaining an efficient patrol to guard
against them. No satisfactory estimate has ever
been made of the total direct and-4ndirect losses from
the fires of even a single season, but it is known that
the amount is very large and that every section of the
State is affected by it As a matter of present econ
omy, therefore, as well as a precaution against the
impending dangers' of the future, we should adopt
some comprehensive and scientific system of pro
tecting our forests from destructive fires and conserv
ing them from wasteful methods of lumbering.
Of the three branches of the work that of conserv
ing the forests is of primary importance. All over
the East the great native forests have been well nigh
destroyed, and lumbermen are now turning their at
tention to California. Even as it is the destruction of
the California woods is going on with a startling
rapidity, so that when the East begins to send still
further numbers of lumbermen to cut away the larger
trees and recklessly waste the smaller ones the annual
destruction will be sufficient in a few years to bring
us face to face with the problem that is now confront
ing the East itself— that of replanting at a high cost
the forests that should have been conserved from the
start.
We are wasting our forests year by year. We are
permitting our waters to run idly to the sea in many
localities where they should be carefully conserved,
and we have been halting and hesitating in the de
velopment of irrigation, notwithstanding the fact that
all experience has shewn that when properly man
aged the profits derived from it are enormous.
BY the action of the Grand Tarlor of the Native
Sons in adopting resolutions in favor of pro
tecting the forests, conserving the^waters and
increasing the irrigation facilities of the State, and
the appointment of a committee to take the matter
in charge, another important ally has been added to
the forces that have been long working in that direc
tion and carrying on a campaign of education upon
the subject. The issue is one with which the Native
Sons may well concern themselves, for it affects the
prosperity of California more potently than any
other of the time.
FORESTS AND WATERS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It was a prize collection of supreme and
voluntary differences. But it amused the
crowd, and what else was it for? It kept
people iaughing and cheering all along
TUN FOR THE CROWD.
To-day was given over to the Elks and
thajc country fair "parade was the bright
particular 'feature. Incongruity, absurd
ity, the abandon of extravagant negligee
in" which personal dignity was carefully
left at home among the moth balls, char
acterized It. If a lot of countrymen from
Hooppole Township, Indiana, had ever
seen the outfit they would have been puz
zled to know what It was Intended to, rep
resent.
LOS ANGELES, May 1.— Los An
¦ geles has fairly plunged into the
pleasure of the fiesta. Business and
dull care have been sidetracked
and the citizens are rendering 1 all
the aid In their power in creating frivolity
throughout the city. j " :
• They, are all here, the" country cousin,
the uncle from the orange orchards, and
the auntie.'. from the apiary; The ; towns
,and. cities' of Southern California* have' *
emptied themselves and the- suburbs'; are >-*'
denuded of their inhabitants. The fiesta
never lacks a vast v audience and in ad
dition- to the outpouring from Southern
California there are thousands from the
East to swell the throngs and add to the
merriment.
FRIDAY MAY 2, 1902^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. {^jetor^^
kttxtu All Ccnusnrieations t» v> J*-Jf^'^ B *_ geT y
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE.. .Market ¦»« TUlrd. 3. F
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHO1TE.
Ask lor THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With tic Department You Wish.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Term* by Mnfl. Including: Postace I
T>AILT CALL HnclBdJne Sunday), one year ...$«. 00
r»AILT CALL. Oncluainp Sunday). 6 month« 8.00
DAILT CALL, (including Sunday). 3 months 1.60
DAILT CALL— By Sirjle Month «5o
FUNDAT CAfcL. One Tear 160
WEEKLY Cjfi.1* One Tear 1-00
. ?
All postmaster* are authorised to recelre »
subscriptions. •¦ '
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. '
" Mail subscribers !n ordering chanpe of address should ba
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct ccmpilanca with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEOnGE KHOG\F.SS.
Ktstger Foreign Advertising, Htrgaette BnUdicg. Chicago.
<Lons Distance Telei>hone "Central 2619.")
NEW TCRK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAULTO.V Herald Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman H<rase: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel;
Fremo&t House; Auditorium Hotel.
"WASHITTGTOV (T». C> OFFICE 14O6 O St«. W. XV.
MORTOX E. CRAXE. Correspondent.
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill HoteL
BRAXCII OFFICES B27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
P:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2201
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKGTOM FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscriber* contemplating: a. cnanfre of
residence during: the summer montbs can liave
tlielr paper forwarded by mall to tbelr new
addresses by nolif j inj? The Call Business Office.
This paper trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented By n local agent fn
all towns on tbe coast.
PRESIDENT ITARRIMAN'S address at the merchants' banquet was for Califor
nians at least the most notable of his utterances since the Southern Pacific Rail
road passed under his control. It covered many points of interest to the people,
but-ignored others on which a clear declaration of policy should have been made.
As a whole, however, the speech will make a favorable impression upon the public. It re
veals the fact that under the new management an extensive system of improvements, in
everything from the roadbed to equipments has been undertaken . and will be steadfastly
carried on until the lines of the company will afford out shippers far better facilities for
transportation than they have ever before enjoyed.
It was to the improvements now being made in the line that President Harriman
devoted most of his speech. The company is making rapid, progress in shortening the
line, lessening heavy grades and reducing excessive curvatures. So well has that work
been carried on that the President was able to say with a just pride: "In about two years
and a half from the time we began, we reduced the grades on the Union Pacific from a
maximum of about 90 per/ cent to a maximum of 43:3 per cent. We also eliminated
curvature and reduced it from a maximum of 10 per cent to 4 per cent,, having in only
one instance a curvature of 6 per cent for a short curve."
That is an excellent showing for progressive management/ It affords a striking
illustration of the promptness witji which the new industrial leaders of America are setting
aside old forms for new whenever there is anything to be gained by the change. In re
ducing grades and curves Mr. Hzfrriman says the conipany constructed 158 miles of new
road and abandoned 188 miles of old roads with which the country , was well satisfied
fifteen years ago. The abandoned mileage represents a loss of aboutv $5,000,000 and the
new lines a cost of $7,000,000. Probably no railroad men in the world outside of the
United States would have the nerve to make such changes, and it is just, for that reason
our railways are the marvel of other nations. The fact is worthy of the consideration ot
those who are inclined to favor governmental control of railways. How long would it
have been before a Government could have been induced to make such changes?
Upon the. increase in the equipment of the roads in the way of rolling stock of all
kinds Mr. Harriman was able to make an equally good showing, but there is a suggestion
of a possible disappointment for San Francisco in what he said about improving the ter
minal facilities of his road. On that point he said:
When these improvements of the lines are finished (and they will be finished only with the work
which I have explained to you which has been begun this year, but will have to be continued for sev
eral years, and wili extend much further than the matters which I have been talking. about, as we.
have got to get a hole through the Sierra Neyadas, and I don't know just where we will go through
— but that will be improvement of the eastern end of the line to dispose of some of the Eastern
traffic, which we hope to bring this way), we will have to have additional terminal facilities. We
will have to have them here. We are now about to apply for some rights in San Francisco to take
care of the lines we are improving south of here and the coast line, and you know something about
the bay shore, and we do hot want to be delayed. Every day that delays us from getting some other
terminal improvements pending is lost. We do not want to resort to questionable methods, in order
to obtain those facilities. We want to be open and above board and have the public help us to help
themselves. •, —
It would appear from that statement that the Southern Pacific Company is about
to "apply for some rights" in San Francisco at once for the purpose of providing im
proved terminal facilities, but that the improvements will not be made" until the work on
the roadbed is finished, and that work will occupy several years. If that be the meaning
of the statement we shall have to wait until the coming of another new era before we -get
the much-desired new passenger depot and other terminal improvements.
There is an ominous ring in the statement "We do not want to resort to question
able methods in order to obtain those facilities."" Mr. Harriman v should have said "We
will not resort to questionable methods." There is no reason wjiy, he should. The Call
has no hesitation in assuring Mr. Harriman that if he will dismiss the gang of political
bosses who have been suggesting to him that questionable methods will be needed and
that their services will be required by the road, he will greatly improve the prospect of
promptly obtaining the terminal privileges he desires. Mr. Harriman has^only to study the
political history of San , Francisco in recent years to learn that the questionable; politicians
who have been hanging like horse leeches upon'the Southern Pacific. Company 1 are utterly
discredited in the community, and if they be retained are certain' to hurf* Him mor§ than
they help him. ' *' .- >' w W- '^';V : ; "' '¦¦'/¦
The people of San Francisco have no antagonism to the Southern Pacific Conix
pany. On the contrary they know the' welfare of their city is dependent upon the good
will of the company. They have no hostility toward the new management. They are
willing to meet Mr. Harriman more than half-way in his desire to improve the terminal
facilities of his road. They ask of him only fair dealing in business and a total avoidance of
corrupt politics. President Wheeler spoke the sentiment of all when he said:
This State needs the railway and the railway needs the State. There is nothing gained by fight
ing. The great waste comes from failure to co-operate. Let us not for a moment conceive that we
gain when there is a fight going on between the people and the railroads. The people are ready now
to co-operate, are ready to pull with those who pull, not to kick with those who kick. The motto /
\ for us is to join with those who are trying to do something, the lesson of the helping hand. /
H^.rti^i'iMiA.asr's
MERRYMAKING FOLK OF SUN LAND
REVEL IN THE JOYS OF LA FIESTA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDA^ MAY 2, 1902.
. A good view was had of the . parade,
however, when finally it did trickle alonp
the horizon, and tnose who had retained
, consciousness enjoyed It with all the en
thusiasm they had left. The benches
were not crowded, as the curbstone fur
nished seats for thousands at a more eco
' nomical rate. ' Tne peanut vender and the
purveyor of instruments for producing dia
bolical dins did a thriving business, and
even an unlaundered boy with alleged
programmes had a fair trade.
To-night the Elks gave a minstrel show.
6
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A car-load of Cook Books
, Just arrived from Chicago and
are ready for distribution at
the bu*ine** • office of this
paper. All Coll anbacrlbers
are entitled to a copy of thin
great Cook Dook at tbe prem-
ium price of fifty centa.
j An additional chargre of 20
cents to pay esprcsiage frill
be required from out of town
subscriber* ordering; by mail.
A2&USEMENTS. . . >
Central— "Slaves of the Orient."
Alcazar— "The Lesh of the Whip."
Columbia — "When VCe "Were Twenty-one."
Orpheurn — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Old Lavender."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "The Starbucks."
Tivoli — "The Fortune Teller."
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
Kew Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
AUCTION SAXES.
By Santa Clara Milk Company — Monday. May 5, at 1
o'clock, entire Rolling Stock, at 721 Howard street.
' ;"Unless the Directors use more judg
ment in the apportionment of moneys al
lotted the School Department Is certainly
staring financial ruin in the face. .Proper
school buildings will cost on an average
$140,000 each, and fifteen buildings would
cost $2,100,000. The furnishings would cost
about $750,000, making in all $2,850,000. This
amount cannot be raised except by bond
ing the city for this purpose/'
Replying to an assertion made by School
Director Mark that the' State law governs
the School Department levy, Auditor
Baehr said yesterday that ir such were
the case the department would be enti
tled to $1,265,670, or $104,330 short of the
amount which It will ' receive under
Baehr's estimate. The State*- law allows
$35 for each pupil in average dany attend
ance in the schools, and there were 36,162
such pupils last year. Baehr says that if
the State law is paramount to the char
ter there will be a repetition of the short
age which existed In 1898, when there was
a deficit of $300,000. . through the fault of
the State law. Auditor Baehr continues:
HOT SHOT FOB THE BOARD.
Action on the report was postponed un
til next week, when the proposition to in
corporate the lowering of Sansome street
grades and the purchase of Dewey Boul
evard will be considered.
New school building, twelve classes, $75,000,
In district bounded by Greenwich, Bay. Frank
lin and Fillmore streets.
Sheridan Primary School, twelve classes,
$75,C00, on new site northeast corner of Ply
mouth and Broad streets.
Laguna Honda School, twelve classes, $75,000.
on school lot on Seventh avenue, between I and
J streets. .
Richmond Grammar School, eighteen classes.
$100,000. on elte in district between California
and D streets and First and Twentieth avenues.
Commercial school, twenty-four classes, $150,
000, on school lot corner of Pine and Larkin
streets.
Lowell High School, fifty classrooms, $500,
000, with observatory, gymnasium,- assembly
and lecture halls and laboratories. Site on
Lafayette Park.
New school building in district between
Twentieth and Forty-third avenues and Cali
fornia street, twelve classes. . •
Polytechnic High School, $150,000, Including
equipment to be erected on site within the dis
trict . bounded by Grant avenue, Devisadero,
Sutler and Pacific streets.
Golden Gate Primary School, twelve classes,
on Golden Gate avenue, between Pierce and
Scott streets, -$75,000. - *
. Hawthorne Primary School, twelve classes,
'575.000.
West End Primary School, eight classes,
$50,000.
Site recommended for playground for North
Beach district on block 129, and for south of
Market street, block 396.
New school building, North Beach district,
eighteen- classes, $100,000. Site on Powell
street, between Green and Union.
New echool building at southwest corner of
Castro and Fourteenth streets, eighteen classes,
$100,000 to replace school lot on Sixteenth street
taken for public, library.
New school building at corner of Cole and
Grove streets, eighteen classes, $100,000.
Marshall .Primary School, on Fourteenth
street, eighteen classes. . $100,000.
New school building" of eighteen classes for
Bay View district. $100,000. New lot needed
on N street between Twelfth avenue and Thir
teenth avenue south, valued at $10,000.
Monroe Primary School of twelve classes at
London and China avenues. $75,000 and addi
tional site.
South End Primary School of twelve classes,
$75,000.
, Washington Grammar School of eighteen
classes on present school lot at Washington and
Mason streets, $10G,0Q0, and additional site ad
joining.
The Board of Education yesterday sub
mitted to the Supervisors' Public Utilities
Committee an estimate of the cost of new
sites and new school houses proposed to
be incorporated in the bond issue. The
report on the matter is incomplete, but
so far as completed the folowing are the
schools designated by the board: -
RecommeDds Modern Accom
modations for Several
Districts.
Board of Education Des
ignates Structures
SCHOOLHOUSES
IN BOND ISSUE
Mayday was most beflttingly observed
yesterday at Schuetzen Park, near San
Rafael, by the Catholic Ladies' Aid So
ciety and their friends. A large crowd
from this city crossed the bay in the
morning, but occasional showers of rain
deterred them from being out of doors
much. In the afternoon, however, the sun
shone and a large delegation arrived from
San Rafael and Other places. There were
fully 2000 people present. Dancing was
the chief amusement during the morning,
while in the afternoon games, races and
other outdoor sports occupied the time
of those athletically inclined.
The summary of the races and winners
are as follows:
First race, one-sixteenth of a mile, boys un
der 12 years, fourteen* starters — Joe McDonald
fl'st. John Nichols second. •
Second ! race, halfway round, boys over 12
years of age, eight starters — V. Donahan first,
Robert Kampmann second.
Third race, girls under 12 years, six starters,
Catholic Indies' Aid Society Celebrate
at Schuetzen Park.
MAYDAY IS OBSERVED.
vilion or in wandering through the dense
ly wooded hills in search of wild flowers
and ferns. Excellent dance music was
furnished. . . ...
Although the train did not leave the
park until 6 o'clock, the picnickers were
loth even at that late hour to return to
the city. On the homeward bound train
the time was merrily spent in singing and
dancing up and down the aisles of the
cars, which were decked with ferns and
wild flowers. t
SIGHTS ENJOYED BY THOUSANDS OF PLEASURE-SEEKERS WHO ATTENDED THE OPENING OF THE NEW
CHUTES YESTERDAY. THE ATTRACTIVE RESORT PRESENTED A STRIKING APPEARANCE AND BIDS
FAIR TO GROW INTO GREATER POPULARITY WITH RESIDENTS AND VISITORS.
Floor manager — G. Bayreuther; assistant
floor managers, Miss A. McDonougle, Miss E.
Rvpsell, Miss Lillian Byrnes.
Committee of arrangements — Mrs. P. J.
Moore, chairman; Miss M. Conlin, secretary
and treasurer; Miss M. Carr, Mrs. G. Bayreu
ther, Mrs. E. Curtis, Mrs. - T. Peckham, Mrs.
O. S. Carvill. Mrs. E. Breeman. Mrs. William
Taner, Miss A. O'Leary, Miss J. Mitchell, Mrs.
C. Hasan.
Committee on games— J. H. McGulney, P. J.
Moore, Frederick O'Nell.
Tenth race, for single ladles of the C. L. A.
S. ( won by Miss Mayme Walsh, Miss Anita
O'Leary second. .
The committee having the excursion
and picnic in charge was as follows:
Sixth race, for single ladles." won by Miss
Margaret Plunkett. Miss Mayne Walsh second.
Seventy race, for married men, N. H. Sm.t.i
first, Gus W. Bayreuther second.
Eighth race, for single men. won by Charles
Knmpmann, Carl Guide second.
Ninth race, for married ladles of the C. L.
A. S.. .won by Mrs. J. Brannan, Mrs. J. 8.
Conover second. ¦
won by Miss Kate Spencer, Miss Maggie Bay
renther second. • . .
¦ Fourth race, for girls over 12 years, won by
Miss B. Lynch. Miss Nellie Cushlng second.
Fifth race, for married ladies, three starters,
won by Mrs. R. G. ¦ Drady, Mrs. S. Cumxnings
second.
St. Francis Branch Holds May Day
Outing at Shell Mound. >
St. Francis Branch of the Gaelic
League held a May Day picnic at Shell
Mound Park yesterday. The • attendance
was large and the day was spent' in
games, dancing, Irish singing, and speak
ing. - ¦¦-- • : ¦ x • •
P. A. Buckley was chairman of the gen
eral committee, the Rev. Charles McMa
hon was chaplain, and Mrs. N. V. Reilly
and James J. Kilcommon were the secre
taries. The committees were composed as
follows:
Committee on games and prizes — P. A. Buck
ley, Judge; A. Aureguay, P. Holleran, Thomas
Burns, P. aids and starters.
Committee on Irish dances — O'Connor and
Kelleher. . ¦ .
Floor committee — Joseph Hesslon, floor man
ager. Aids — James Kllcommon, John , Des
mond, Thaddeus Boyle.
Reception committee — Messrs. Thomas Cun
ningham, Ford, Thomas Foley, John McFad
den. Thaddeus Boyle, John 'Diamond, J.
O'Leary. O. Monahan.
Committee of arrangements — P. A Buckley,
Rev. Charles McMahon, A. Aureguay, Jameu
P. Moriarity, J. O'Connell, P. Thornton,
Thomas Burns. P. Holleran, A. Freese, D.
Hennessey, Mr. O'Mahoney. ¦ ¦ -• ¦
CATHEDRAL COUNCIL PICNIC.
Cathedral Council No, 69, Young Men's
Institute, held Its regular annual picnic
yesterday In Glenwood'Park, In the Santa
Cruz Mountains. The affair proved a de
lightful success. In the neighborhood of
1000 people . took . advantage of the. oppor
tunity of enjoying a ride through . the
beautiful Santa Cruz Mountains. No reg
ular programme of games and races was
outlined for the occasion, but the pic
nickers S managed to . - thoroughly - enjoy
themselves with dancing in an open pa-
Went Oakland Harbor Improved.
The Chamber of Commerce, Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association and
the Ecard of Trade of San Francisco sent
the following communication to Senator
Perkins yesterday:
We earnestly desire to urge upon the Con
ference Committee on Rivers and Harbors the
necessity of ample appropriation for continuous
work for Oakland harbor. Comment that busi
ness of Oakland does not warrant the expendi
ture may be met by the statement that com
pletion of thte work is necessary to accommo
date the vast amount of business seeking such
opportunities as Improvements requested will
afford.
Excursion to the Santa Cruz Moun
tains.
A special train will leave the Ferry
(narrow-gauge) to-morrow at 7:43 a. m.,
returning about 7:30 in the evening. Stops
will be made in both directions at the
principal Camping Resorts, including
Glen wood, Felton, Ben Lomond and Boul
der Creek. The round-trip rate is only
SI 25, and a large party Is expected. Tick
ets are on sale at the Southern Pacific
ticket offices in San Francisco, Oakland
and Alameda. The excursion will be per
sonally conducted, and an enjoyable day
is as£u:ed.
A DAY'S OUTING IN REDWOODS.
GAELIC LEAGUE PICNIC.
The Rev. Father Michael J. Clifford,
who was acting manager, announced that
a branch of the Gaelic League of Cali
fornia has been established at Sodality
Hall, Sixtenth and Dolores streets. Their
motto is "Tir asus Tianga." ,
-The* committee of arrangements was
composed of the following named: Arthur
Attridge, chairman; David Kelly, secre
tary; Rev. Michael J. Clifford, treasurer
and manager, and Michael Casey.
This year's picnic was the best attend
ed and managed the Mission Dolores par
ish has given.
A long programme was arranged for the
afternoon's entertainment.- Footraces
were held for boys and girls and prizes
were given to the winners in each raca.
A feature of the afternoon's sport was
the dancing of the old Irish jigs and reels
for prizes. There were many contestants,
and the dance was done in good old Irish
style to the music of the fiddle. The aft
ernoon was spent by the young people in
dancing in the large dance hall that !s
out at Fernbrook Park. The beautiful
weather was all that could be wished for
and all enjoyed themselves in the hills
gathering ferns and wild flowers.
Twelve hundred people took part in the
grand annual outing and picnic given
yesterday by the Mission Dolores parish
at Fernbrook Park, Niles Canyon. The
party left San Francisco at 9:30 a. m. and
crossed to Oakland, where two trains
were waiting to carry them to the park-
The picnickers had their own band, which
furnished plenty of good music during the
entitre trip.
Mission Dolores Parish Giives Its
"Picnic at Fernbrook Park;
ENJOY MAY DAY OUTING.
The committee of arrangements consist
ed of the following; Emil Elsold, George
Stein, Henry Heller, Joseph Puntegam,
The officers of the union are: Presi
dent, Emll . Schaerer; vice .president,
Thomas Lonergan; treasurer,. Emll
Elsold; general secretary. Marcel Wille;
recording secretary; John Mueller.
Mayor Schmitz had hoped to be pres
ent to witness the fun making of the
union and perhaps say a few words, but
wan unavoidably absent.
These .were the merry-go-round and the
Mvirig* for the children and bowling for
tlie!r elders and the inevitable photograph
pallery. which, was doing a rattling busi
ness. There were also evidences of the
bakers' skill in two enormous loaf twists,
one eight feet long and the other about
half that size, which were raffled for. ,•
Germania Gardens at Harbor View pre
sented a gay sight. The bakers were out
in foice in white duck suits and red ties,
intent on entertaining and pleasing their
guests. In the main hall happy couples
were dancing, and outside in the sunshine
there was fun and amusement for old
and young.
Yesterday the bakers banked their fires
anfl enjoyed a i«cnic. It was the May
Day festival of the Journeymen Bakers'
end Confectioners' International Union
No. 24.
ers Celebrate at Harbor View.
Journeymen Bakers and Confection-
AT GERMANIA GARDENS.
Nearly ! 10,000 people filled the grounds
during the afternoon and evening and lib
erally patronized the various attractions.
The Chutes will certainly be an interest
ing resort to local residents and visitors.'
tory exercises nor any Fourth
of July orations, but nevertheless the
gates were thrown open under auspicious
circumstances. The turnstiles were well
oiled and the ticket takers looked spick
and span in their new uniforms. The
cdor of fresh paint was In the air and
the lake wherein ducks disport them
selves had the appearance of being filled
with fresh Spring Valley liquid. Evfen the
runway of the chutes was freshly, greaseJ
and the boats shot down the rapids with
a speed that took the passengers' breath
away. The scenic railway looked more
inviting than fie old one. The woodwork
was neatly painted and; the scenery alon&
the route was fresh from the brush of the
sct-nic artist.
The large room occupied by the happy
family is an • attractive place. The
monkey family occupies a large cage
and the members live in harmony, it
was reception day with the aggregation
and callers who had sweetmeats to offer
were entertained by the simians. The zoo
1? full of roars and growls and the timid
visitor shrinks away from the will beasts
imprisoned behind the heavy bars.
Prancing wooden horses keep time to
an organ that drones out a ragtime two
step and the riders hold on for dear life.
The manager of the merry-go-round
changes the tune only once a week, as
the flying steeds cannot learn to prance
in step without much practice.
The immense theater was crowded • to
the doors. The place will hold MO yec
ple and is twice as large as the Orpneum,
which is controlled by the same company.
A loud voiced "spieler" held up a "Tril
by" shoe that had been (discarded by
Colonel Edouard Beaupre, the "tallest
man in the world," and announced that
the wearer was inside the tower and
could be seen for so many cents admis
sion. The Ferris wheel is much smaller
than that used at the World's Fair in
Chicago, but the sensation is just the
same.
WITH flags flying and bands
playing the new Chutes was
opened to the public yester
day. Therel were no dedica-
Jacob Geltzer, , Thomas Lonergan; floor
manager, Marcel Wille; assistants— Albert
Zaborsky, N. Kurz, Adolph Mehl, J. Lar
rippa and Edward Heinz.
A. F. St. Sure, attorney for George
Mayerle, the optician, brought suit for
$5000 damages against Frank Mayerle
and W. B. Schuman yesterday. The
plaintiff asks that Frank Mayerle, his
brother, and Schuman, who conduct an
optician's business under the the name of
Mayerle & Co., German Optical Institute,
be restrained from using that name. He
claims that the defendants have started
in business at 1073 Market street, one door
ai>ove his place of business, so arranging,
the appearance of their store that they
have succeeded In enticing into their place
a number of plaintiff's patrons, who give
the defendants their trade under the Im
pression that they are dealing -with the
plaintiff.
ages for Imitating His
Store. .
George Hayerle Sues Finn for Dam-
CLAIMS THAT tttr BROTHER
IS RUINING HIS TRADE
Dr. Taylor is a well known physician
and surgeon of this city and Oakland.
For several years he was connected with
the Southern Pacific Hospital at Oakland
and is admirably adapted for the duties
he will assume. Dr. Taylor is a profes
sor of gyneeology at the San Francisco
Polyclinic and owns a large sanitarium in
this city.
The final payment for the old Xorth
Pacific Railway was made yesterday by
the new owners. JCo successor has yet
been appointed in the place of the late
Jerome H. Fillmore. At the present time
G. H. Fairchild is acting as manager.
At a recent meeting of the board of di
rectors of the North Shore Railroad Dr.
A- Miles Taylor was appointed general
Burgeon for the company.
Dr. A. 3ffiles Taylor Now in Charge
of Medical Department of the
North Shore Railroad.
DIRECTORS APPOINT
A GENERAL SURGEON
The selection of a successor to Secre
tary Bingham was referred to the execu
tive committee, which will take action on
the matter in June. In the meanwhile
Mr. Bingham will continue to discharge
the duties of the office.
The evening session was made interest
ing by addresses by Rev. Herbert Parrish
on the "Importance of Teaching Children
How to Worship," and C. D. Meigs on
"Why I Am in the Sunday School Work."
Delegates from all the districts gave a
few parting words of farewell and. the
convention adjourned.
In response to the "Macedonian cry
from the Sierras, the San Joaquin Valley,
the counties by the sea «md the great cit
ies," nearly S2000 was raised for the benefit
cf the association in pledges, ranging from
51 to $50.
In the afternoon there was a confer
ence of the State and county treasurers
and county, district and State officers,
with Earl S. Bingham presiding: address
es on "Temperance and the Ideal Life."
by Rev. L.. M. Hartley of Oakland, and
"What the Association Is Doing for the
Individual," by C. D. Meigs.
President, Rev. "W. M. White- first vice
president. Professor A- A. Macurda: second
vice president. Rev. P. F. Phelps; third vice
president, L N. Halladay; fourth vice presi
dent. Professor C. 11. Meeker; assistant sec
retary. Miss Nellie 11. Ball; statistical secre
tary. Mrs. Charles Harp; treasurer, Mrs. C.
Z. Merritt; superintendent primary work. Miss
Helen Babb; superintendent home department.
Rev. J. E. Squires; superintendent normal
¦work. Rev. S. A. Nesbit; superintendent of
temperance work. Rev. M. D. Buck; executive
committee, class of 1905— Rev. Levi * Gregory.
Rev. H. H. Bell. Mrs. S. W. Mack. Rev. W.
C. Sherman: international committee officers —
C. M. Campbell, H. Morton. Mis» Helen Babb.
Earl S. Bingham, who has been secre
tary for the last four years, declined a
renominaUon. He has accepted a position
as superintendent of the First Presbyte
rian Church of Oakland, and his declina
tion was regretted by all present. The re
port of the committee, naming the fol
lowing officers for next year, was ac
cepted, with that exception:
One of the most successful conventions
hold by the California State Sunday-
School Association was brought to a close
last night at the First Congregational
Church. The morning session was opened
by a Bible reading by Charles D. Meigs,
followed by an address on "Organized Sun
day School Work," by Rev. F. M. Dowl
ing of Pasadena. A business session fol
lowed, and reports of committees were
presented. That of the nominating com
mittee was referred back for amendment.
Raise Much Money for Good
of the Interests They
Represent
Sunday School Teachers
Conclude Their
Convention.
NAME OFFICERS
FOR NEXT YEAR
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1902.
Suburban Pleasure Resort Is Crowded With People,
Who Liberally Patronize Attractions.
FLAGS FLY AND BANDS PLAY
AT OPENING OF NEW CHUTES
7
AMUSEMENTS.
Belasco-& Thall. Managor3. m _-
TO-NIGHT and SATURDAY and 8UNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Most Novel of Unique French Farces.
The Lash
<>• The Whip.
It has convulsed London, Paris and New York.
PRICES......... ... 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c. 75c.
NEXT MONDAY— -The Event of the Season,
the American Play.
When the Heart Was Young.
. ".: ; OCEAM" TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'i&fc. ' Steamers leave Broadway
Vptacr ' "Wharf. San Francisco:
|5»3»»B£. For Ketchikan. Jun*au.
I ISS^'CEWk Skasway, etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
ESrfcScfSfa m.. May 1. B, 11. 1(5. 21. 2U.
EP^KgJ^Saa 31, June 5. Change to com-
R*sJC£#*3r2 jjany's steamers at Seattls.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tew
¦ coma, Everett. New ,Wnat-
eom— 11 a. itf. May 1. «. 11, 16, 21, 2«. 81.
June 5. Change at Seattle to this company*
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C
P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bar) — 1:30 p. m..
May 2. 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. June 1.
For Los Aneeles (via Port Los Aniceles and
Redondo). Ban Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, Ho.
State of California. Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea«t
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cru*. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Oblepo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Santa Crur and Bonita only).
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. May 6, 14. 22. 30, June 7.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m. (freight only). May 2;
Bonita. 0 a. m., May. 10, IS. 26, June 3. .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Rlrht Is reserved to change steamers er sall-
"?nowi"i' C' c ' xrT (TE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR ......JUNK t
VALENCIA JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamship* CITY OF PUEBLA and QtTEXN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The>
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without low.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Notu»
foMer. apply Ticket Office, 4 New. Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
o. #?. & n. aa.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST £t_A.*X*Xia.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 3, 13. 23, June 2
SS GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8. 19. 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 3. V.
TOYO KISM KAISHA.
STEAMERS -WILL LEAVE "WTHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers far India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day or
sailing. ¦
SS NIPPON MARTJ Friday. May 9th, 1003
SS AMERICA MARU •
Wednesday, June 4th. 1903
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28th. 1002
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First.
"W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
¦
AAAQnlA & f? P A "***"» MIIM > * m
I3S!o!«2!£<& S.tO, zeauioawstoket,
jj! I ..! _ OIREOUINETOttHITt
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Sunday, May 4, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
f Saturday, May 10, 2 p. in,
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs., May 22, 10 a. m.
I. B. SPEECIELS 5 BEOS. CO., General Azts., 329Haitet
Gei'l Fass. Cfflce, 643 Marat «.. Pier M. 7. Paclllc st
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA. .May 14ICOLOMBIA ...June 21
PALENA May31|TUCAPEI> July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger serric*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasenger office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. B.
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage, #40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll Sails Thursday. May 1
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday. May 10
From Harrlson-st. Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market su
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C03PAGNI3 GEMERALB TKAnSATLANTIQUS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. JIM.Ym
Sailing every Thursday, Instead of ¦wa?JS
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, »«^^»»
North River, foot of Morton street.
Flr3t class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson fjuildlnK), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San FranclscoL
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket AgroU.
" AMERICAN LIXE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
PhlladeL.May 7, 10 am St. Louls.May 21. 10 am
St. PauLMay 14. 10 amiPhlladel.May 2S.10aat
• RED STAR LI.\B.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Friesland..May 7. noon|Vaderlad.May 21. addtt
Southwk..May 14. noonlKenslngn.May 28. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHA8. P. TAYLOR.O.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y it.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MOHTICELLG
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1608. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS.
* ¦ -Bl£ #3 U ft HOT) "J)Ol9C*VHHB
Jr^alXfMm i n remedy for Gonorrhea* ,
CURES Whites, unn*tnr»l dU-
JBSBm ia 1 «o S dsri. Xa charges, or *ny laflamouk*
ffV oaanautd (• * tion, irrtUtion or nicer**
Ktfrr.T.a* oo»u«!.a. tion ot »««•¦¦ »"}•
r— . .b , _ brass*. Xion-Mtrisgsii**
K«mEYAMCHEUICHC0. Sold by DrnOTUtt,
lgS&C!NKN>UT!.O .tejjSfl or Mnt i a p uin wr*pjwr,
O. a. A. by express, prepaid, for
!••<». or 3 bottles, fi.is.
Circular §ont oa request.
Cl .*PATENTSl J)
N5S*' 330 MARKET ST.3I.\S*r
IA/. T. HESS,
K0TABY FCBLIO AND ATTOHSIT-AT-IaiT.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckela HI dr.
Telephone Main 083. -
P.esldence, 821 California st., below Powalk
Residence Telephone, James 1B0L
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases arrived yesterday and
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All subscribers to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
this sreat book at the prem-
ium rate of $1 60. Out of
town MubMcriber* desiring a
copy of this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt of Spl CO. All mall
orders will be shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
There are 48 shapes of Regal Shoes !
In each shape there are fifteen lengths*
In each length there are eight widths !
This gives you 5700 chances of fit -in
J43 styles -all at $3,50*
Sold from 45 Regal Stores,, and by Mail.
Each store commands/ from stock, or from
an ever-ready factory reserve, the precise pair,
out of the 5700, which best fits your foot»
. Style book tells why. ¦ .., ¦
Sold only in 45 Regal Stores from Atlantic to Pacific' and London.
_ • .• ' ,. Also by mail. .
" • ; SAN FRANCISCO STORE.
S. V. Corner Stockton and Geary Streets.
ITEW ADVEETISEMEITTS.
ALLWOIG.
TIi«* ail«tn.ke Ia Made by Many San
Frandaco Citizens.
Don't mistake the cause of backache.
To be cured you roust know the cause.
Jt is wrong to imagine relief is cure.
Backache is kidney ache.
You must cure the kidneys.
A San Francisco resident tells you how
this can be done.
John J. Murphy, of 1004 Turk street,
marine engineer, identified with the Fire
Department for twenty-flve years as a
regular and two years as a substitute,
connected with engines at Companies No.
4, 10 and 26, says: "A quarter of a cen-
tury spent as a fireman is decidedly hard
on the constitution and this may account
for a derangement or a sluggish condi-
tion of my kidneys which has annoyed
me for some time. It struck me while
reading advertisements about Doan's
Kidney Pills If they performed half what
they promised they might help me. and I-
went to the Owl Drug Co., 1126 Market
street, for a box. They were Just the rem-
edy I required. Since the treatment my
general health has been much better. I
am averse to public notoriety, but you
can use my statement or send anyone
to me for a personal endorsatlon of it,
because a remedy which acts as repre-
sented should be known to everybody."
For sale by all dealers, price 50 cents
per box. Foster-Mil burn Co., Buffalo, N.
V., sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
AMUSEMENTS. ..'..' j
MODERN VAUDEVILLE
The Florenz Troupe; The Five Nosses;
Louise Dresser; Jack Norworth;
Milton and Dollie Nobles, and
the Biogxaph. Last times of tho
Pony Ballet; Wilton Brothers, and
Knight Brothers.
Reserved Beats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
.Seats and Opera 'Chairs, 50c. . ; -.«-v
ANNOUNCEMENT EXTRAORDINARY!
Beginning SUNDAY MATINEE. Only Appear-
- - ancea In Vaudeville of
JULIA HEINRICH I
America's Greatest Concert Contralto.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP! .
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
THIS WEEK THE LAST.
DON'T MISS IT.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
MONDAY, May 6th— »
"THE SINGING GIRL."
POPULAR PRICES — 25c. COc and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
1 FISCHER'S theater|
O'Farrell. b<?t. Stockton and Powell sts.
Telephone Main 231.
EVERY : : SAN FRANCISCO'S
MEMBER OF : "400" HAVE
WITNESSED THE EXCELLENT PRODUC-
TION OF
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
And They Occupy Boxes and the Choice Seats
Night After Night Again.
"WELL," WHY SHOULD THEY NOT?
KOLB, DILL, BERNARD. BLAKE. HERM-
SEN, AMBER, COLEMAN, KELLAR and the
rest of the artists cive a two dollar show for
2">c and 60c at night and 25c anywhere at the
Sunday and Saturday Matinees. Can you
blame people for crowding the house right
along? Children at Matinees, 10c.
THE GREATEST HIT IN YEARS.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THE WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Most Gorgeous Spectacular Melodrama Ever
• Seen in This City.
SLAVES OF*
THE ORIENT
OVER 100 PEOPLE IN THE
PRODUCTION. THE GREATEST EVER.
New and Up-to-Date Specialties.
Appearance of the Brilliant Actor, EARLE
BROWNE.
FDIfFC Evenings 10c to 60c
IA1WX3 Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week-*'*MRS. PARTINGTON."
f*ftl BlSlf3i!!SR& sMFiMciscoi
feUS\7j3g£HM LtADINO TBEATEf
Powell st.. near Market.
EVERY NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAYS,
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
MR. N. C. MISS MAXINB
goodwim Elliott
In their greatest American and London success.
When We Were Twenty-One.
Next Week— Last Nights of
N. C. GOODWIN and MAXINE ELLIOTT.
First 3 Nights and Matinee Saturday.
•'AN AMERICAN CITIZEN."
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Nights.
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE."
SEATS NOW READY.
DDIfCC Evenings.. $2. $1 50, $1. 75c. COc. 25c
InlWLj Matinees $1 60. $1. 75c, 50c 25c
May 12— JOHN DREW.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF '
The Popular Author-Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
In His Celebrated Comedy,
OLD LAVENDER.
One ot the Best Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c,. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seat all Matinees, 25c.
Next Weekl....*,<"THE LEATHER PATCH."
NOW PLAYING TO IMMENSE AUDIENCES
, THIS WEEK ONLY— \
MATINEE TOMORROW.
MR. JAMES NEILL
And the NEILL COMPANY,
Presenting the Very Latest of Pronounced
Stage Successes,
"THE STARBUCKS."
By Opie Read.
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY
SEATS SELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
UNDER THE RED ROBE.
SEATS READY. ;
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue. ¦ ". -"
PRONOUNCED PERFECT MY THOUSANDS
YESTERDAY!
A Host of New Attractions or the Grounds
and in the Magnificent Theater,
. Seating 4000.
HIGH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE PERFORM-
. ANCES EVERY APTERNOON -and
EVENING.
THE AMAZEMENT OF ALL,
Col. Edward Beaupre,
Absolutely the Largest Man on Earth. Seven
Feet Ten and One-Half Inches in Height.
ZOO in CHARGE OF COLONEL DANIEL
BOONE.
ADMISSION. 10c ; CHILDREN, 6c.
; - Phone for Seata— Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALD7ORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:10 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO JsT LOS ANGELES. :
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Seats. 8 Stockton st.
PflifJTA Desirable location,
rUlUvW unsurpassed cuisine,
~ - ' uncqualed ser«
51 fin vice Bnd modern
•; Ullil conveniences are the
V attributes that have
' Ilf*3tf1/i made these two ho
Hid LIU tels popular with
_^ --' tourists and travel-
ff/v4/ilc k ers who visi* San
II U ICla Francisco.A most important and interesting mis
sion for men and a series of. discourses
will take place for a week at St. Domi
nic's Church, Bush and Stelner streets,
beginning at 7:30 o'clock on the evening
of May 4 and continuing nightly until
Sunday, May 11. The Rev. J. L. O'Neil,
O. P., will conduct the special mission, to
which all will be admitted free.
Miss Hattie Bynum Accuses Bev.
James X. Kelley of < a
Felony.
A scandal in colored church circles de
veloped yesterday when Miss. Hattie By
num, a pretty colored'glrl, 19 years of age,
living .with her . mother at 1310 Jackson
street/ swore to a complaint before Judge
Cabanlss charging Rev. James H. Kelley,
pastor of the Third Colored Baptist
Church, at Powell and Bush streets, with
betrayal under, promise of marriage.
- Rev. Mr. Kelley has been pastor of the
church for over three years and has the
largest congregation of any colored church
in the city. Prior to coming here he
preached In a church in Los Angeles. He
came to . Los Angeles from Alabama,
where, it is said, • he has a wife and
family.
Rev.;' Mr. Kelley went to the Hall of
Justice about 9 o'clock last night and sur
rendered himself to the police. Previous
to this "Judge Cabanlss, who issued the
warrant for his arre3t, had fixed the bail
at $250 cash, and friends of the pastor at
once secured his release.
The complaining witness was in the
bond clerk's office when the minister was
being bailed out, and. expressed a willing
ness to compromise matters if a marriage
could be arranged between them. To this
the pastor indignantly refused to consent.
He said he had Ijttle to say about the
charge against him at present - further
than to state that it was entirely untrue
and unfounded. He said he had never
noticed any display of .affection - toward
himself on the part of the girl and could
not account for her accusation. . *
MAKES SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST HER PASTO3
and Buckman after several days of lively
bidding in the court room of Department
9 of the Superior Court. When the land
was first offered for sale $300,000 was of
fered for it by a number of down town
business men. Attorney Garret W. McEn
erney, representing the Sutro heirs, op
posed the confirmation of the sale, se
cured ten days' stay of proceedings, and
as a result got an advance of $61,000 on
the original offer.
The Republican machine bosses are wel
come to all the joy they can derive from
the following statement signed by Eugene
E. Schmltz:
To set all gossip at rest I say:
I am not now a candidate for Governor or any
other office. I have at present not even In
mind a second term in the Mayor's chair. I
am going to do earnestly and as effectively
as possible, what my duty demands.
When a- new condition arises, whether It be
political or other; whether It be for a ten
dered nomination for Governor or the time
for considering a second candidacy for Mayor,
I -will be ready to meet It. Until then I do
not wish to be looked upon as laying wires for
any political nomination or as performing my
duties in the light of a personal political am
bition.
As I have said, I am not a candidate now
for any political office. The most extreme
declarations that I have offhand allowed myself
to make is that I believe it a good citizen's
duty to perform any public service he may be
called upon In any public station.
' I did say that if the people wanted me for
Governor I would consider it. But the proba
bility was so distant that I did not think it
was a matter of serious concern. .,¦:-"
i E» E; SCHMITZ, Mayor.
The Mayor's style of dealing with the
gubernatorial question does not Infringe
on the Governor's patent. Gage, writing
as a Czar might address his subjects, said
to the Republicans assembled at San Jose;
"And you are well aware that I desire and
expect the people will accord me uie proud
distinction of. a renominatlon."
BEADY TO CABBY STANDAED.
The politicians and the voters who take
an interest in public affairs are convinced
that Mayor Schmitz would readily carry
the Republican standard in the next cam
paign if the convention should decide to
place it in his keeping. The Mayor is a
Republican. On the night of his election
to the office he now holds he said to The
Call:
"While my election Is a victory for the
Union Labor party, it Is also a great vic
tory for independent, anti-boss Repub
licans. I am a Republican and I regard
my election as a just and overwhelming
rebuke to bosslsm."
The Republican Primary League, which
has rendered so much service in the fight
against bosses, has no candidate for Gov
ernor, but the delegates supported by the
league will probably be Instructed to vote
for. Hon. Jacob H. Neff for chairman of
the convention. It is known that'Lieuten
ant Governor Neff will not take orders
from .'the bosses. He could not be per
suaded or forced to lend his aid to a ma
chine programme for excluding honestly
elected anti-boss delegations and seating
machine appointed delegates. ¦-
SHADOW OF. COMING EVENTS.
The primary election for delegates will
not take place until August 12. Before
that time many , campaign events may
occur. It would not surprise the man
agers of Senator Perkins' campaign to
find Gage in the field as an aspirant for
the United States Senatorship. The lack
of enthusiasm for Gage at the San Jose
convention and the fact that the only
cheering for him came from the Sacra
mento contingent of office holders and
the water front boosters convinced the
party leaders of Gage's general unpopu
larity. . It is the common belief that party
defeat would be the outcome of his re
nomination. He is going on from bad to
worse. The mistake, to say the least, of
removing Dryden will turn a - thousand
voters against the Gage administration.
Politicians who are on the Inside expect
Gossip That Gage Will Get
Into Contest for. the
Senatorship.
He Gives Out a Signed
Statement on the
Subject.
MAYOR SCHMITZ
FOR GOVERNOR
HIDEOUS DEED
OF A SUICIDE
Walks Into a Market
and Outs His Throat
With a Knife.
William Bartlett Closes a Dis
sipated Career With Re
volting Act.
Just before the suicide entered the mar
ket Albert Ehrhardt, an employe, had
been cutting meat on a block with a knife
the edge of which was as keen as that of
a razor. Ehrhardt laid the knife on the
block while he walked to another part of
the stalL The deed of the suicide wa3
witnessed by Ehrhardt and David Busich,
another butcher, and they rushed forward
to disarm the desperate man, but he was
too quick for them.
Uartlett had been separated from his
wife since last Christmas on account of
his dissipated habits. Almost every dol
lar be earned was expended for liquor,
chiefly the cheapest grade of claret, and
the afflicted woman was obliged to work
as a domestic to support herself and their
three-year-old little girl.
Bartlett, before he got so far on the
downward path, was a bright young man
and was employed at various times on
i«-o morning newspapers as assistant
foreman in the mailing department.
Two years ago, Bartlett, on recovering
from a spree, slashed his throat and his
left wrist with a razor in an attempt to
Mil himself. He was sent to the City and
County Hospital until he recovered, but
>.ls left hand remained useless, the ten
dons at the wrist having been severed. He
¦was 28 years of age and a native of San
Francisco.
William Bartlett, recently a solicitor for
the Bulletin, walked into the Montgomery
market at half past 5 o'clo.ck yesterday
morning, picked a butcherknife off a
meat block and cut his throat. He fell
to the floor and died instantly.
STJICIDE BY GAS.
James Wightman of 3509 Seventeenth
street killed himself last Wednesday night
by asphyxiation with illuminating
gas in the bathroom of his residence. He
had been a widower for two years and
grieved very much over the death of his
wife. His despondency was increased by
the fact that he had not been, able to se
cure employment since he went out on
Btrike with the City Front Federation
nearly a year ago. He had four children,
the youngest of whom is 8 years old and
the eldest, Hattie, 19.
When Hattie and her brother John dis
covered the odor of escaping gas at 6:30
o'clock yesterday morning they traced it
to the bathroom and found their father
lying dead on the floor. The stopcock of
the single gas burner in the room was
open fully. On his person was found the
following note:
Dear Hattie: I hope you will forgive me
for this cruel deed as I cannot live the •way
things have been going against me. No mat
ter how I try, misfortune seems to start in my
v ay. I know it is cruel to leare you with all
the responsibility, but I cannot stand it any
longer. Hattie, remember your poor mother's
laet words to you. as she was good to us all.
end may God help you to keep her wi6hes. Tou
know whi your friends are, and I hope you
will get the insurance, which Is In your name,
as I know you will always look out for the lit
tle ones, and may God bless you all is the
last wish of your loving father.
JAMES WIGHTMAN.
TTlghtman was 27 years of aga and a
native of Ireland. '
cause of Lack of Work.
James Wigh.tm.an Ends His Life Be-
Suicide of an. Opera Singer.
The body of the unknown man who
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIPAY V MAY 2, .1902.
Demise of Wife Drives Octogenarian
to Suicide.
After living eighty-three years, and try-
Ing for the last two years to bear the
affliction of finishing life's journey de
prived of the society of his wife, who
went before him, Charles G. Stearns, a
retired capitalist, hanged himself yester
day afternoon. He had been living for
years with his sister-in-law, Mrs. James
A. Dyer, at 822 Dolores street. His de
rpondency had been noticed for some time,
and he had frequently threatened to end
his life.
Mrs. Dyer found a note on the old man's
dresser saying: "I am down in the cel
lar." She went there at once and found
the body hanging to a rafter. The old
man had knotted a rope around his neck,
and, standing on a barrel, had kicked the
support from beneath him and strangled
to death.
The deceased ¦was a native of New
Hampshire, and was supposed to have
considerable wealth. His estate is said to
consist largely of money in one of the
local banks. He had resided in San Fran
cisco about ten years.
SEEKS ST7BCEASE IN DEATH.
committed suicide early yesterday morn
ing by throwing himself under the wheels
of an electric car at the Intersection of
Howard and Thirteenth streets was iden
tified in the Morgue yesterday as that of
Michael Domicile Bernard, a singer, who
appeared at various times at the Tlvoli
and other places of amusement In this
city. Recently he had been living in
Fruitvale, where he was engaged in breed-
Ing Belgian hares and pigeons. On ac
count of financial straits he had been de
spondent for some time before his death.
teen Blocks of Land Near
Affiliated Colleges.
Company Is Formed to Market Six-
P. N. and, J. W. Lilienthal, H. T.
Scott, A. J. Raisch and A. E. Buckman
are the directors of the. City Realty Com
pany, which was Incorporated yesterday,
with a capital stock of $1,000,000. The
company was formed for the purpose of
placing upon the market sixteen blocks
of land in the neighborhood . of the Af
filiated Colleges, which were purchased
recently for $361,000 from the Sutro es
tate..
The - property -was acquired - by Raisch
BEALTY COMPANY WILL
SELL SUTHO PROPERTY
Well Known Medical Man Stricken
"With Apoplectic Stroke After
Hard Day's "Work."*
Dr. M. A. Cachot, one of the best known
physicians of this city, was taken sudden
ly ill at his office on Tuesday after hav
ing been much engaged during the day.
Dr. Perry was called In and found that
the patient was suffering from an apo
plectic stroke. In spite of every effort Dr.
Cachot expired a few hours after being
stricken.
Dr. Cachot was a charitable. man and
his loss will be deeply felt among those
who were the recipients of his bounty and
advice. Dr. Cachot leaves a wife and
a daughter, Mrs. L. Thcrkelson, of Port
land, Or. The funeral will take place
from the family residence, 1316 Golden
Gate avenue, this morning.
DB. M. A. CACEOT DEBS
SUDDENLY IN OFFlfcE
PHILADELPHIA, May 1. — Cardinal Martinelli, Apostolic Delegate to the United States, stated to-day that he had
been recalled to Rome by the Pope. While declining to be interviewed, Cardinal Martinelli said he would sail for Rome
as soon as he, could adjust the affairs of the papal delegation. He has been in the city since Tuesday.
PEORIA, III, May 1. — Cardinal Gibbons was interviewed shortly after the announcement was made of the re
call of Cardinal Martinelli from Washington to Rome. Cardinal Gibbons was in Peoria attending. the silver jubilee celebration of
Bishop Spalding. He was in the company of Archbishop Riordan of San Francisco, and when shown the telegram announcing
the recall was visibly affected by the news. After reading the telegram he turned to Archbishop Riordan and said: "This is very
important; this is most sudden. We were not expecting anything of the kind so soon as this." ' ' '.•
Turning to the correspondent he said: "We have, of course, been. expecting this some time, but did not think the re
call would come as soon as it has. Cardinal Martinelli had arranged to be in St. Louis May 18. He had also arranged to attend
the consecration of a cathedral of another city. Of course all engagements are canceled/ I have nothing more to say in this
matter concerning the reasons for the recall. We are very sorry to lose the Cardinal, for by his conduct while in this country he
has become very much endeared to us all. There is no probability that he will return, and we are not advised as to who his suc
cessor may be." .
Cardinal Gibbons left this evening for Baltimore and Archbishop Riordan for San Francisco.
WASHINGTON, May i.— Cardinal Martinelli to-day received a cablegram from Cardinal Secretary of State Ram
polla, at Rome, notifying- him that the May consistory had- been postponed from May 15 until May 29 or June 5, and that his
presence would be desirable. This notification was as Cardinal Martinelli's plans. contemplated an indefinite: stay at
Washington. The general opinion is that Mgr. Diomede Falconio, at present delegate to the Canadas, will not be the successor
to Cardinal Martinelli, as was expected. His appointment would have been gazetted at Rome prior to this were he the selection
for this important post. It also eliminates the name of Mgr. Zaleski, delegate apostolic to the Indies, from consideration, as it,
would be impossible for him to arrive in this country in time to receive the delegation frorn the hands of Mgr, Martinelli. Ec~
clesiastical authorities here are of the opinion that Mgr. Donato Sbarretti will be made delegate apostolic at Washington. - He is
now a guest of Cardinal Martinelli. He was recently appointed apostolic .delegate to the Philippines, and has been in Wash
ington conferring with the War Department officials for the',last six weeks. . v,-
Action of the Pope in Summoning His Representative to Rome Comes
Much Sooner Than Had Been Expected.
CARDINAL MARTINELLI, THE APOSTOLIC
DELEGATE TO UNITED STATES, IS RECALLED
Hume Seeks Damages.
Robert D. Hume brought a suit against
the Pacific Canning Company yesterday
for $57,350 damages, which he alleges the
canning company caused him by failing
to live up to an agreement made with him
when the company purchased his right to
letters patent on a can-making machine.
Council of Jewish "Women.
The annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Council of Jewish Women will be
held on Monday afternoon. May 5, In the
vestry room of the Temple Emanu-El.
The order of business has been arranged
as follows: Reading of reports of com
mittees, election of officers, annual pay
ment of dues, a social programme and a
tea. - . .
CARNIVAL AT BAKERSFIELD
The Bakersfield Street Fair will attract
visitors from all over the State, A party
of the representative business men of San
Francisco will go down to show their in
terest. The Southern Pacific will sell
tickets at one fare for the round trip
May 7, good returning until May 11. A
number of unusual features have been ar
ranged by the, Bakersfield people for the
entertainment of the visitors.
that holdover Senators and sure winners
among candidates for the Assembly will
henceforth be liberally recognized in the
distribution of State patronage. All the
signs point to a purpose on Gage's part to
get out of the losing fight for Governor
and try for the Senatorship.
Since Mayor Schmltz indicated that he
would serve the public in whatever ca
pacity it desired him to serve there ha3
been a good deal of talk in machine cir
cles of putting Gage Into the fight for the
Senatorship. The bosses, talk about a
combine on the plan of Schmltz for Gov
ernor and Gage - for Senator. The talk
provokes a counter suggestion of Schmitz
for Governor and Perkins for Senator.
St. Dominic's Special Mission.
8
" Bg;3MMil ¦¦¦¦¦HBEaHBHHBBBHBBHBM nBB33BBEBHHHBHBHflBBEBH BBWWWBMEM ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦!*¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBMUMMMBBa ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦— *
B y ¦ ' i '..." ¦,'_'.. . • 'g "... ';¦¦' . ' ,."-"..¦.'¦' - • ' Q
r> * ******* a *** ----1 '"*^""" *"***»***»»" m * m m m m mi ~ m m * m m m ~ m ~ ~ m ~ m ~ m m m m m m m ~ m ml -r i i t i~i 'i f i a'alm am' a'a'a a"a a ¦'¦*»'»'•' t«»r»t»TTTTTTTTTT-rti»»«« ¦¦»»««¦«¦««» •»«»»»«»««¦«¦»» '»«»»¦«»««¦« i-^^-*^~" ¦ ¦»' 83
| \ ;...._ I use Ripans Tabules for periodic headaches, always with quick i
| i relief, Only last evening a lady asked me what 1 thought good for I !
[ j pain in the stomach from eating rich food, and I gave her a Ripans I S
I ; lauule. To-day she tells me she has bought a package, the one 1 j I
| ' v At druggists'. The Five-Cent packet is enougli for an ordinary oecasion. g
KSUUBBHBBBBBBBBBflBB ¦BBBBBBBBBMBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBMaBBBBBBBBMBB««B»»i B «i«« M «««»«««» MM «»«,.,,-»-,,,^-» M -.- ——-_—_____ '¦ '' ' -5
ADVEBTISEMEKTaL
¦ -_ - '• - --^^^^ '
I ' Why I
Kphler&Lha5e|
JL jJ<gig|^ J
III Don't think. because we Jfljl
II enjoy the most substantial JH I .
la musical patronage in San II
l| Francisco that our prices 111
| are high. ' I j
10 For this isn't the case. I
10 Because oxtf prices are I
| low. is the reason we re-
1 1 tain the patronage that has I U
I -come to us. IJjl
Peopl© everywhere hare II
» found that, quality conald- j
n ered, they can do better in
here, and for this reaaon II
have built tip the immonsa
establishment of Kohler & I
| Chase by their, patronage.
A Our piano department di*- ¦ II
tributes thousands of pianos II
annually simply because, B]
upon Investigation, peopl© jj
n find our prices lowest. : 1
II Our advice has always I
{ been: "See what you can do
f elsewhere, then come her© 1
Ij . and see how much better w©
u ~^^^^^ 28 © xAITCll jTa a
R MwSt<xktaisSt. S.fl ' |!
lp „ ,«gmiinp hi i ¦ '¦'¦'¦ i mi; '^""11
FREE DENTISTRY
FOR THE POOR.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND EVENINGS.
GRADUATES OF DENTISTRY ONLY.
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
' 8 Taylor rt.. cor. Golden Gate >ve.OAKLAND. May 3.— A local camp of
Volunteers of the Spanish War, men who
were mustered in but did not see service
In the field, has been organized. Lieuten
ant J. H. Cobbledick is captain. The camp
is compoEed of. members of the Eighth
California Volunteers. )
War Volunteers Organize.
WASHINGTON, May 1.— As the ord
nance-department will hardly be ready
to surrender occupancy of. the arsenal at
Indianapolis to the Infantry before July
1,. the; battalion of the Third Infantry,
which has •. lust returned to this country
from . the Philippines, has • been ordered
to remain at the Presidio, ¦ San Francisco,
until June '30/ - ' ~ .
Troops to Remain at Presidio.
REDDING, May 1.— The famous old
Niagara mine in the French Gulch dis
trict in this county, which made a mil
lionaire of the late William T. Coleman
of San Francisco, and perhaps- yielded
more bullion than any other gold mine
in Shasta County, is to be reopened ou
an extensive scale. The property has
been idle for several years. The Niagara-
Summit Mining Company has been form
ed, with William T. St. Auburn, former
manager, as president and general man
ager. An immediate working capital of
$100,000 has been subscribed.
Niagara Mine to Be Reopened.
The Chamber of Commerce received a
communication yesterday from Senator
Perkins, who states that the local com
mercial men have been misinformed and
misled by Mr. Van Bergen, 'a merchant
of Shanghai. China, who wrote that Brit
ish officials were endeavoring to secure
leglelatton unfavorable to the Pacific
Coast exporters and that Commissioner
Sharrets was not equipped with suffi
cient powers to properly represent this
country in the Chinese tariff negotiations.
The news has occasioned great relief.
Exporters Are Relieved.
Detective Bailey arrived from Chicago
last .night with W. S. . Brown, formerly a
collector for the "Walters Furniture Com
pany, and who is charged with the em
bezzlement of $230. Brown was arrested
by the Chicago police about two weeks
ago.
W. L. Brown Brought Back
1000 framed pictures— some slightly
worn— at one-half the regular prices.
Many good as new. Genuine bargains
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market st. •
Clearance Sale of Framed Pictures,
Officer TIerney look two bunko steerers
well known to the Police Department, and
named La I Strange and Crawford, into
custody yesterday and placed their names
on the detinue book pending investlratlon
Thq two men were at the corner of Mason
and? Market streets waiting for victims
when they , were seen, by TIerney and
taken to the prison.
Bunko Steerers Behind • the Bars
The annual inspection of the police will
be held this afternoon. The men will be
inspected by the Police Commissioners,
the Mayor and Chief WIttman at their
various stations.
Annual Police Inspection,
Recorder Godchaux reports the largest
collections in the history of the office dur
ing the month of April, the collections
amounting to ?<62G 10, against $3;«« 55 for
April, 1301. There were 2940 papers re
corded, among them being 54 attachments,
874 deeds, 105 deeds of trust, S33 mortgages
on real property. ISO mortgages on per
sonal property. 2S1 releases of real estate
mortgages, 91 releases of personal prop
erty mortgages. 32S marriage licenses, I7J
builders' contracts, 37 leases, 37 powers of
attorney, £9 reconveyances and 2 archi
tects' certificates.
Business in Recorder's Office,
ROTTERDAM— Salted May 1— Rtmr Noor
dam (new),'- for .New York, via- BoulOKne-Sur
'Mer/'and sailed- f romTlatter "port* at 6' f'nt r.' f
NAPLES — Arrived May 1— Stmr Aller. from
New York, via Gibraltar, , for Genoa, and pro
ceeded .•v.iUiStowlS ' . ¦ , ¦ .
.DUNNET ' H BAD— Passed May. 1— Stmr
Island, from New York, for Chrlstlansand,
Copenhagen," etc. ¦ • -¦
-GENOA — Arrived May 1— Stmr Palatla. from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 1— Stmr 'cross-r
KurfurM, for Bremen, via Southampton; stmr
Kuerst Bismarck, for Hamburg, via Plymouth
and Cherbourcr: stmr La. . feavole,. for Havre U
MONTEVIDEO-^Arrlved April IM^-Stmr 'nI
carla. from Tacoma, etc, for Hamburg. /
LONDON— Arrived May 1— Stmr Menomlne,
from New York. ¦ . •..•/.
• HAVRE— Arrived May 1— Stmr La Touralne.
from New York. Arrived in the roads— Stmr
Uerodot. . from Seattlo,' Guatemala, etc, for
OL'e'enSTOWX— Arrived May 1— Stmr Com
monwealth, from Boston, for Liverpool.
Sailed May 1— Stmr Germanic, for New
York; stmr Rhynland, for Philadelphia; both
from Liverpool. ;¦¦¦ •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Aerll 30— Stmr West
ernland; from Philadelphia., May 1 — Stmr Teu.
tonic, from. New ..York: stmr Commonwealth,
from Boston.: via Oueemtown. ¦ -.- -.,
, Sailed May 1— Stmr Dominion, for, .Portland.
Me;' stmr; Ottoman, for Boston: ,stmr Pretor
lan, from Glasgow, for Quebec and Montreal. .
GENOA— Sailed April 29— Stmr Totmes,
from Hamburg:, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS
: PORT . HLAKELEY— Arrived May 1— Sehr
Ludlotv, . from San Pedro.
Sailed May X— Schr Kins Cyrus, for ;
Br ship Kelverdale, for Que<?nstovvn.
SEATTLK— Sailed April ao— Stmr Chas Xel
son. for San Kranclseo.
PORTLAND— Sailed May 1— Stmr ! Strath
gyle, for Honekong.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
. Thursday, May 1.
Stmr Sonoma. Von Oterendoro, Honolulu
Pago Paso. Auckland and t?ydney.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED. '
Vu Sun, president of the Hop Wo Ben
evolent Association and cx-ofBcio mem
ber of the advisory board of the Chinesa
vonsulate, arrived yesterday on the Nip
pon Maru and was landed without formal
52 2 <ie!a > r by request of the Secretary of
tjie rrcasurv.
Cniness Dignitary Landed.
OAKLAND. May 1.— Licenses to mar
ry were issued to-day to Olof F. Hanson,
aged 33. and Rose Hurges. 26. both of
Oakland: Selbv Tost. 31. and Bessie Cog-
Ian. 21. both of Oakland: Jens C. P. Nlcl
sfn. 33. and Hulda S. Petersen, 27. both
of Oakland.*WSS<
Licensed to Marry,
;A small impromptu court is being: held
In rooms In the California Hotel. • D.
Lloyd Jones, referee In bankruptcy, is
here from Milwaukee "taking testimony
in the bankruptcy proceedings of A. A.
Stolenwork, who is at present a resident
of this city. Two Milwaukee attorneys,
"\V7.J. Turner and Paul G. Lewis, are also
here in connection with the, case.
Impromptu Court at the ' California.
BERNE,' Switzerland, May 1. — The GurnlEel-
Bad, % a famous health resort near Thun, was
destroyed by flre last night. The church alone
escaped. The season had not begun and the
establishments were unoccupied.
Fred Reed and Ray Clark pleaded
guilty to burglary before Judge Cook yes
terday. '• After bearing the testlmdny of
Detective Ryan and others. Judge Cook
decided that the offense was burglary in
the second degree. They are two of the
four bellboys charged with entering Mrs.
Julius Kruttschmitt's room at the Hotel
Richelieu and stealing over $1000 worth
of jewelry. The trial of the other two
defendants, "Albert West and Charles
Vandeveave, will take place on- May 12.
Plead Guilty to Burglary.
Harry Thomas, another member of the
gang of hotel thieves that roomed at 3C3 1 j
Geary street, was taken into custody last
night by Detectives Ryan and O'Deai Ha
was found in a lodging-house at 100 Tay
lor street.
Taken Into Custody.
Non-Union Driver Beaten,
Edward Maack, a driver for Ruedlger &
L,oesch, bakers at 115 Larkin, street, was
assaulted yesterday morning In front" of
Jonnson's restaurant on Market street by
several men. " Some one In the crowd
shouted out "There is a scab." and Maack
was pulled off the wagon and brutally
kicked about the head and face! His in
juries were dressed at a drug store.
A special train under the direction of a Joint
committee of the .'commercial bodies of San
Francisco, carrying business men only, will
leave Market-st. Ferry at 9:30 p. m.. May »
via the Santa Fe. Kate of one rare for the
round trip has been made and parties desiring
to Join this party should make arrangements
at once. The train will go via the Santa Fe and
return via the S. P., thus touching all Impor
tant points in the San Joacjuin Valley. Itiner
ary and other information at Santa Fe Ticket
Office, 611 Market st.
Business Men's Excursion.
rrayer. Rev. R. C. Brook??; music. Colloze
Orchestra; -welcome. Mrs. T. C. Mills; respond
Mrs. \K . II. Byir.*rton. president Mills Ciub; mu
s.=. Coll^re Orchestra: "Th» CoMeffe in the
Miss B. E. HoJbrook; piano boIo Ml*s
Hazrl B".vd; address. "The Endowment of His
tory." Mrs. Susan M. Karnham; music o>l
l»ro Orchestra; a<Mr«w>. Mrs.. Lizzie 'Fib^e
t'«srt: vocal solo. Miss Ada Hartley; addre«<
'•'.<. Meg* Wonn-n of the Paclftc Coast," Profes
sor Lu*llat Clay Carson. A. M-. University of
Oregon: irusic. Co!l«?re Orchestra
The anniversary of Dr. Mills' birthday
will be fittingly observed at Mills College
to-morrcw. The exercises will com
lT% &y - The exerc ' s «s will commence at
10:36 a. m. and at 2:30 p. m. the annual
meeting of the alumnae will h£ held. The
following programme has been arranged
for the occasion:
Mills College Will Entertain.
All the leading players now in this city
will assist and the programme will be
one of rare brilliancy. N. C. Goodwin
and Maxlne Elliott and their company are
down on the list as are also James Neill
and the members of his company. Ferris
Hartman and other Tivoli favorites will
be on hand and the Orpheum will send
some star acts. Edward Harrlffan and
the Grand Opera-house company will do
the wake act from "The Leather Pateh."
The Alcazar and Central Theater com
panies are scheduled for appearance also.
The reserved seat tale will commence next
Monday morning at the Columbia box
office.
A great deal of interest Is being man
ifested in the benefit to be given next
Thursday at the Columbia Theater in aid
of the fund for the Actors' Home, which
will be turned over in New York to-day
to the board of directors.
day for Benefit of the New
York Home.
Performance to Be Given Next Thurs-
LEADING ACTORS TO TAKE
PART . IN THE BIG , BENEFIT
Charles Kane, a retired business man,
residing, at 534 Ellis street, was driving
in the panhandle yesterday .when a young
man. passed' In front of - his horse ona
bicycle. .The horse ¦ took fright and left
the driveway,' dashing : into the. woodfed
section of the park: A limb of one of the
trees struck Kane and made deep incised
wounds across his forehead. Officer P. A.
GUlin brought the injured man to the
Emergency Hospital, where Dr. Armi
stead sewed up the wounds, one of which
was seven Inches In length.
Injured in Runaway in Park.
The California Society" of Artists enter
tained members 5 of 'the San Francisco Ar
chitects' Society at .their art exhibition,
207 Sutfer street. 'last evening. So suc
cessful has the' exhibition been that it has
been determined to continue it for several
days and evenings beyond May 10 which
was the original date set down for the
closing. Each evening next week the of
ficers will entertain the various women'"
clubs of the city.
¦ Piazzoni's fantastic ideals are much
liked for the daring of the treatment and
originality and Charles P. Nellson
Xavier T. Martinez, C. Chapel Judson G*
Leslie Hunter and Sandona have each
won a multitude of admirers for their ad
mirable works which adorn the gallery's
walls.
The public Is admitted to the -gallery
free of charsre. • -
to Keep Open Gallery Many
More Days.
BIG CROWDS DELIGHT IN
PAINTERS' EXHIBITION
California Society of Artists Decide
'< A colored. man named "William Maloney
appeared before Judge Megan yesterday
on a charge of burglary. He broke into
a freight car at Fourth and Townsend
streets -Wednesday night and stole fifteen
sheets,, which were found In his posses
sion when arrested. The Judge appoint
ed Attorney Gallagher to represent the
defendant, as he said he had no money to
pay-;.' an attorney. The accused claimed
that Maloney was his true; name, and
that he came here from Toronto, Canada
ten days ago. - . ¦
Colored Burglar Caught,
WASHINGTON. May 1.— United States
Consul McWade at Canton has Informed
the State Department that the plague
epidemic east of Honan, Canton province,
is decreasing.
Plague Epidemic Is Decreasing.
BUTTE, Mont.. May 1.— A special to,
the Miner from Helena says: The Su
preme Court to-day issued an order in
the big: Pennsylvania case In which tho
Boston and Montana Mining Company- is
the plaintiff and the Montana Ore Pur
chasing Company is defendant, enjoining:
the Montana Ore Purchasing Company
from working the veins in the disputed
territory known as No. 2 and No. 7. and
irom working any of the ground scuth
of the vein known as the Johnstown
vein in Judge Clancy's Injunction order.
This order of the Supreme Court further
reduces the district In the mining claims
involved in the case which Hines has th«
privilege of working under bonds.
Mining Company Is Enjoined
Th? United States Civil Service Com
mission announces that on June 3 the fol
lowing examinations will be held in San
Francisco and other cities: Matron, In
?Jian sen-ice, as follows: Cantonment In
dian School. Oklahoma; salary, $400 per
annum: Rapid City School, South Dako
ta, $480 per annum; Carson School, Neva
da. $500 per annum; age limit, 20 years or
over. Assistant engineer in the United
States Penitentiary Service at Atlanta.
Ga.. $300 per annum. Seamstress in the
Shcshone School, Wyoming, $340 per an
num.- Physician, White Earth Agency.
Minnesota. $990 per annum; age limit, 25
to m years. Persons who desire to com
pete should apply to the United Suites
<,ivil Service Commission. Washington
p. C.. or to the secretary of the local
board of examiners. Postoffice, for appli
cation forms, which should be filed wilh
the commission prior to the hour of clos
ing business on May 22.
Civil Service Examinations.
John Murphy, aged -70 years, who has
been fifty years in the employ of "Wells,
Fargo & Co.. applied .'at the City and
County Hospital for- admission on last
Wednesday. The old man was taken In
and assigned to a .ward. He has a medal
of 'merit from the express company and
has been on its pension list. Notwith
standing his years of service he had just
$15 on his person when -he applied at the
hospital. There is little hope of his : re
1 covery from lung and heart troubles that
afflict him. He has- no relatives in this
country, so far as known.
Goes to Hospital to Die.
The report to the 'stockholders of the
company's business 'for the last year was
very satisfactpry. The capital of the cdr
poratlon is -tl&iQfiOO, fully paid and the
undivided profits amount : to $270,000.' A
new banking house is being erected for
the corporatlon^n the ! north side of Cali
fornia street, .between. Montgomery and
Sansomel . It will be ready for occupancy
about January L" 1903: . . i
At the annual meeting of the stockhold
ers of the Mercantile Trust Company of
San Francisco the following officers and
board of directors were.re-elected: Presi
dent, Frederick W.'-Zellej.yice president.
N. D. Rldeout; casnier "and • secretary,
John D. McKec; board , of • 'directors—
Wakefield Barker. William Babcoek. War
ren D. Clark, George Crocker, W. F. D<?
tert. F. G. Drum. II. H. Hecht. E. \V7
Hopkins, W. G. Irwln.'D. O. Mills. James
D. Phelan, N. D. Rldeout, Claus Spreck
els. H. T. Scott and Frederick W. Zeile.
Mercantile Trtist Company Shows
Profitable Year's Work.
Annual Report of Stockholders of
RE-ELECT OFFICERS AND
BOARD OF DIRECTOR'S
-Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions be
forwarded to th« Hon. Eugene E. Schmitz and
given to the press. ; . :. •
Resolved; Tliat we 'hereby congratulate the
Hon. Eugene: E. Schmitz on the successful
manner In which he has conducted the affairs
of our city; and.be it further . . , ...
Resolved, That Wool Sorters' and Graders'
Union :No. f»O25 do hereby Indorse the noble
stand taken by his- Honor In protecting the In
herent rights of- the' people; and be it further
Whereas. Hon. Eugene. E. - Schmitz. Mayor
of the city and county of San Francisco, has,
during the late strike of the street ¦ railway
employes, stood steadfast to his obligation and
pledge, "equal rights to all and special privi
leges to none." -. thereby enabling: the street
car men to obtain higher wages and better Ilv
,lng conditions; therefore, be It
The following resolution was adopted at
a meeting of Wool Sorters' and Graders'
Union No. 9025 last night:
Mayor Schmitz Indorsed.
Divorces were granted to Amelia Hol
land from August H. Holland for cru
elty. James Cullen from Mary Cullen for
desertion and Delia Blum from . Joseph
Blum for failure to provide.
Suits for divcrrce were filed yesterday by
Catherine C. Samuel against Wade Sam
ue! for cruelty, Maggie Evans against
George Evans for cruelty. Grace I. Kln
caid against Edwin I. Kincaid for cru
elty and Cora A. Miller against Horatio
Miller for desertion-
Levie Scruggs, who was married to
Manuel Clement Fernando at Oakland in
August. 1901. is suing for the annulment
of her marriage on the ground that when
the ceremony was performed she had not
been divorced from Victor T. Scruggs a
year previous to her marriage to Fer
nando.
Divorced a Year Before Taking
Second Husband.
Mrs. Scruggs Says She Had Net Been
ASKS FOR ANNULMENT OF
-MARRIAGE TO FERNANDO
The theft was reported to the detective
office and a search is being made among
the pawnshops for the stolen watch.
Mrs. Getz, residing at 1419 Webster
street/was robbed of a. watch. valued at
$135 at the Jewish Synagogue on Geary
and Octavia streets Wednesday after
noon. She .was a guest- at the,Cphn.Levi
wedding and * after the ceremony stood
chatting", with some friends in the church.
One of them saw the watch pinned on,
Mrs. Getz's drees. ' but a few minutes
afterward it' was missing.' On the- floor
lay the ring that had held the watch. It
had been cut in two with a pair of nip
pers.
Crook at a Nuptial Cere
mony. .
Mrs. Getz the Victim of a Clever
THIEF ROBS WEDDING
GUEST OF HER WATCH
"In contradiction to his view is the di
rect statement of another scientist,
Thomas A. Edison, who recently told me
that in his opinion I had solved the air
ship problem. Edison further said bo
would himself have attempted the con
struction of airships were it not for the
unfairness of the American patent laws
which allow any one to steal another's
invention. By that he explained that no
matter how small may be an improve
ment en an invention any outsider who
introduces the new idea may claim the
whole patent."
"About Lord Kelvin's statement that
my ihvehtion can never be of any prac
tical use, all I have to say is that Lord
Kelvin is not an authority on aerial navi
gation. I admire him very much, but his
opinions on a subject which he has never
studied can carry no weight.
"I am sorry." the aeronaut added, "that
I have not been able to show mf machlno
to the public. Had J been able to do so.
I am sure such an exhibition would havo
interested capital in the building of flyinsr
machines. That is the way the auto
mobile was brought out. One was built
and publicly exhibited in Paris. As a
result many persons became interested,
new ideas and improvements followed,
and to-day we Bee automobiles almost
everywhere. And in time we will air
ships. .'. v :¦
Such was the remarkable statement
which M.' Santos Dumont made to-day
just before embarking- for Havre by" the
French line steamship Savoie.
NEW YORK. May 1.— "If any one will
give me $1,000,000 to defray the cost of
building I will construct an airship that
will cross the ocean in two days and have
a carrying capacity of one hundred pas
sengers."
Build an Airship to Cross the
Ocean. A "'nTV-v
SANTOS DUMONT MAKES
A REMARKABLE STATEMENT
If Given Necessary Backing He Will
W* P.. Wand, who- resigned from the-po
sition of permit clerk, has been confined
to his home for several months past with
locomotor ataxia. Collector Stratton sent
him word that if he was able to return to
work within a year he would be rein
stated.
William. .J. Shepman. .discharging., officer- ait
*4 per diem, promoted to clerkship at S140U
per annum, vice D. J. O'Leary. promoted.- -:
P. E. Maddux, watchman at ?600 per annum,
transferred to position of ¦ guarding inspector
at $3 per daj^, vice S. J. More, promoted. i
D. J.- O'Leary. clerk at $1400 per annum.
promoted to position of permit cferk at $1600
per annum. \ - lce W. P. Wand, resigned. ¦
Lloyd Spencer, assistant storekeeper at $f)00
per annum, office abolished and transferred
to position of extra assistant weigher at $1200
per annum when employed. Vice Frederick
Schramm. promoted to guarding Inspector.
Samuel J. More, guarding Inspector at $10S0
per annum, promoted to position of disehargr
lae officer at ft per day. vice William J. Shep
man, transferred to clerkship. /
. J. J. . HcGovern. guarding Inspector at $1080
per annum, promoted to position of storekeeper
at $1400 per annum, vice G. P. Clough, trans
ferred to clerkship.
Along the Line.
Customs Collector Stratton made the
following promotions and transfers yes
terday:
Promotions and Transfers All
Collector Stratton Announces Several
CUSTOM-HOUSE OFFICERS £
ARE MADE VERY HAPPY
SACRAMENTO, May 1.— Mother Mary
Vincent, one of the best known of the re
ligious women of the Roman Catholic
church on the Pacific Coast, died In the
convent in this city yesterday, after a
long illness. Her proper name was Mary
Philomena Phelan. She was born In Dub
lin sixty-three years ago and arrived In
Sacramento as a Sister of Mercy, just
forty-^hree years ago to-day. No woman
was -¦¦ more sincerely respected or more
deeply loved among all classes in this sec
tion of California. The funeral will take
place on Saturday next.
Mother Mary Vincent.
LONDON, May 1.— An official estimate
of the total cjost of the South African war
to March SI, 19C3, places the amount at
nearly £223,000,000. j
in South Africa.
COST OF THE BOER WAR,
Vast Treasure Sunk by Great Britain
Washington— Fred L. Gould, assignor to
Gould Traction Car Company, Seattle
traction device; Henry L. Guenther. Chi
nook, machine for capping and compress
ing cans: Elf James Huntley, Seattle
wrench; William G. Leas, assignor one
half to J. Hartlg. Seattle, nipple chuck;
Frederic H. Masson. Spokane, automatic
valve.
These patents have been issued: Cali
fornia—Ernest C. Chase an.l I. E. Rickey
San Francisco, dough manipulating and
loaf-forming machine; William C. Evants
Antloch. cultivator; Bertram Hunt. San
Francisco, extraction of metals from ore
or the like; Wallace and A. McDonlad
Chicago Park, and C. D. Tregoning.- Grass'
Valley, tappet: William Plotts. Whittier
injector burner; William " R.* Quinan, Pi
nole, appartus for manufacture • of 'con
centrated-sulphuric acid: John J Skin
ner, Paso Robles, assignor one-half to J
H. Henry, San Jose, log turner; John -II*
Thompson. Edna, cultivator and weed
cutter; James M. Thorp. Alameda, window
opener: George R. Tyler, Pomona, prun
ing saw: Richard Witty, San Bernardino
hydrocarbon burner.
Oregon— Richard H. Rutherford, Mar
ion, car coupling. .
: Army orders announce' that Charles F
Keiffer, assistant surgeon, now at San
Francisco, is to so to Fort Screven. Ga
First Lieutenant Walter Cox. assistant
surgeon; now at San Francisco, will eo to
Washington City. .
Oregon: Increase— Patrick Burk, Sol
diers' Hqme, Roseburg, $8; Louis S. Fair
child, Cornelius, $10; Joel B. Bates, Front
dale, $8; Sardius D. Jenkins. Bandon $3
Washington : • Original— Alvin C. Bai'lev
Orting,' $12. Increase— William L. Bar
tholomew, Puyallup. $17. "Mexican War-
William Toland (dead), Colby ,$12. Wid
ows, Mexican War— Emmanella Toland
Colby, $8. " -
California: Original— Isaac McCoIlister,
Santa Barbara, $8; Frederick Bartels. San
Francisco, $8; John Palmer. San Fran
cisco, $8.' Increase — John R. Solbert. Pol
lasky. $12; Richard C. Wornes. Pacific
Grove. $8; Anthony W. Pool. Yuba City
$12; Henry Van Brunt, Barstow. $10-
Charles Stewart, Veterans' Home
Napa, $12. .
These pensions were granted
,The .Postoffice Department has . an
nounced the following postmasters com
missioned: '
California— GeoTge W. Simpson, Brush
Creek; Nancy A. Trewblood, Proberta.
Washington— William A. Faulds, Red
mond.
Army orders— Major Richard H. Wilson,
Eighth Infantry, Is relieved from duty in
the Department of California and ordered
to join the first battalion of his regiment
at Seattle not later than June 9; Captain
Charles F. Kelffer, assistant surgeon,
goes from the Department of California
with the troops sent to the Department
of Texas and thence to Fort Screven, Ga.;
First Lieutenant Walter Cox, assistant
surgeon, goes from the Department of
California with the troops sent to the He*
partment of Texas, thence to Washing
ton, D. C; Contract Surgeon George B.
Jones, now at Angel- Island, Cal., goes to
his home at Rushville for annulment of
his contract.
Oregon: Increase — Randolph C. Brant,
Portland, $12. Original widows— Mary S.
Fairchild, Union, $8.
Washington: Increase— Levi Cranford,
Pullman, 112.
These pensions were granted to-day:
Caifornia: Original— John O'Neil, San
Francisco, $8; Thomas Anderson, Alame
da. $8; James A. Elder, Anderson, $S; An
drew Kempf, San Francisco, $8. Widows —
Mary E. Thomas, Tulare, $8; Lucy W.
Smith, Nordhoff, $30.
WASHINGTON. May 1.— Postofflce es
tablished: . Oregon — Albion, Washington
County. Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—Richard M. Ryan, Gilroy; William
N. Anderson, San Rafael; Kennedy B.
Summerfleld, Santa Monica; Fred W.
Wh'ltten,- Nashton;- James Keane, Ogilby;
George W. Delong, Valla Park. Oregon-
Benjamin F. Shields, Hoaglin; George M.
Holt, Albion. Washington — George N.
Lamphere, Palouse; Harry Coventon,
McDonald. Appointed: ! California—Wil
liam J. Hill. Alliance, Humboldt County,
vice W. J. McConaghy, resigned.
Pensions Granted.
Several Changes . Are Made in the
Postal Service and More New '-'
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC - COAST
Mrs. Jarvis is at present staying with
friends at 208 O'Farrell street. She de
scribes her husband as a man 5 feet
10 inches tall, weighing about 140 pounds.
He has a light brown mustache and hair'
and blue eyes. She savs that he is very
pale and looks very delicate.
Mrs. Jarvis visited the auditor's office
of the Southern Pacific yesterday and
found, that her husband had never come
as far as San Francisco. She also was
unable to find his trunk in the baggage
room of the ferry building.
A. W. Jarvis bade his wife good-by in
Seattle on Friday evening, the Uth of last
month. He was coming to this city lo
make application for a. position as brake
man on the Southern Pacific. He told his
wife that the moment he reached San
Francisco he would send her- word -where
he was living. She waited day after day,
but receiving no message in three weeks,
she decided to come to San. Francisco and
try to find out what became of him.
Mrs. A. W. Jarvis of Seattle is here
looking for her husband, of whom she has
received no word for the last three week^.
She thinks that he has been- murdered,
and she is diligently searching the city
for clews to that end. ¦
City for Work as a Brakc
¦ man. •¦¦•.¦
He Left the North to Apply in This
ANXIOUS - WIPE SEARCHES
V CITY FOR HER HUSBAND
"To the Pacific Coast," said Mr. Mc-
Adie. "space telegTaphy means every
thing."
Wireless or space telegraphy will not
only be a benefit to the men at the bu
reau, but it will permit them to warn
steamers already at sea what kind of
weather they may expect, should storm
telegraphs be sent in from incoming
steamers.
Mr. McAdie is somewhat loth to speak
of this commencement toward the new
era. although he has been out there and
crawled up the jagged rocks to the point
w-.ere the poles of communication will
evcntualli" be set.
He wishes it to speak for itself when
it is an accomplished fact.
A station at the South Farallones is a
thing of the near future, which will mean
a space telegraphy of twenty-five miles.
"Just .think." Mr. McAdie said, "when
we shall be able to "signal chips 290 miles
at sea and be able to be regulated by
them, how our weather shall be forecast
ed along the coast."
Mr. McAdie, the chief of the bureau
in this city, knows and* feels what space
telegraphy is going to mean to this coast,
while realizing that this great discovery
is still in its» infancy.
Nowhere in America has It . been more
difficult to forecast storms than along the
territory ihat is governed by the eye of
the Weather Department Bureau sta
tioned at San Francisco.'
Arrangements have been made and will
soon be carried out whereby the "nearby
Islands of the Pacific Coast will
cate with the mainland by -wireless teleg
raphy; ¦• ¦-.
No Longer Doubt About
Weather. :
SPACE TELEGRAPHY
TO GOVERN STORMS
Forecasters of the Pacific Coast Will
"That is why I had him arrested, but I
would not prosecute ¦ Charley for all the world,
for I still love him."
The explanation satisfied Judge Smith,
who dismissed the 'case. •
Mrs. Morgan has Informed me that she does
not care to prosecute Shores. She said: "I
have been an old fool. Mr. Attorney: I fell In
love with Charley several months ago, and I
thought he loved me. but I guess It was all
a mistake. I became Jealous of him and fol
lowed him about until the other night, when
he slapped my face.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 1.
Because she loved him, Mrs. Jane Mor
gan, aged 50 years, refused to-day ,to
prosecute Charles Shores, half her a<e,
whose arrest on a charge of clapping her.
face had been caused by her.
That was the outco/ne of a Police Court
episode developed this morning before
Judge Smith. Mrs., Morgan, who resides
at 25 Golden Gate avenue, fell In love
with Shores, a baker employed at tho
Palace Bakery. When Mrs. Morgan
charged the youthful swain with battery
sho said they had quarreled several
nights ago at Ninth and Washington
streets, and he struck her.
W T hen the case was called this morn
ing, the complaining witness failed to ap
pear. Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach
made the following explanation: -
For three weeks the ladies in charge
have been devoting much time to mak
ing preparations for the carnival, and it
will be the most successful one ever giv
en in Napa. The business men are tak
ing a great deal of interest In the affair
and each house will be represented. By
popular vote Elvina Amstutz was select
ed by the school children as the Mayday
Queen, and with her assistants, had full
sway at the carnival to-night. Her maids
of hpnor were Lizzie Rossi and Zora
Wilson. The crown bearer was Edna
Parker, and Johnny Even and Harold
Hoerule were the pages. All were quaint
ly attired and were loudly applauded.
Miss Mae McDermott will be queen of
the carnival, having been selected by
vote of the people. "With her court of
assistants this fair young lady will be
crowned on Friday, and she will dlrecc
affairs during the evening. On Saturday
evening King Carnival will hold high
jinks, when the fiesta closes. George D.
Secord, one of Napa's city officials, has
been selected for the role of Rex, and
when he is crowned king and assumes
charge of the closing events of the even
ing, the king and his many attendants
will make things merry for all.
' NAPA, May 1.— This evening, under the
auspices of Napa ladies, a three daya*
carnival opened In the East Napa pavil
ion. This fiesta Is for the purpose of rais
ing funds in aid of the Eagle Cycling
Club of Napa. the proceeds to go toward
furnishing new club rooms in the build
ing recently erected by members of the
club.
Great Interest.
Ladies Prepare an Affair of Note and,
CARNIVAL AT NAPA.
Besides being the most elaborate floral
parade ever given in this State, it will
at the same time be an exhibition of
fine equipages and blooded horses which
for beauty, breeding and speed will be an
exhibition worth coming miles to see. A
general feeling of enthusiasm- seems to
prevail.
Some of the -residents are so enthusias
tic that they are having new harness
made for this event. One person Intends
turning out four private vehicles, a'nd
there are many who will show two ve
hicles*" in the parade besides their saddle
horses.
SACRAMENTO, May l.-The commlttea
of women having in charge the floral pa
rade to be given Tuesday, May 13, report
that responses from those having vehicles
already Insure a parade of more than
twice the length of that given last year.
The remarks of Rear L! Admiral Lord
Charles Beresford .(Conservative) rather
sided with those who .thought the Amer
ican invasion spelled sruin to Britishers.'
He ¦said he feared 'the American trust
would use this combination to pour Amer
ican produce Into this country, to the dis
advantage of the producers here, and that
there. would be a general disruption of the
whole trade and commerce of Great Brit
ain.. Lord Beresford advocated subsidiz
ing steamers on the. Canadian route. :
Sir James Woodhouse (Liberal) dis
claimed all antipathy to or ill-feeling for
Americans; but, he asserted, British mari
time and mercantile interests were
menaced by the Americans, who had al
ready captured the British shoe and steel
Industries, and he wanted the Government
to take action in order to stem the tide., '
Other speakers held that the arrange
ment was in no way unpatriotic. It was
an alliance, not annexation by the Amer
icans. The companies had simply made
a reasonable and business-like combina
tion.
James Bryce (Liberal); former president
of the Board of Trade, advocated the
withdrawal of the motion, but urged the
Government to' make a . prompt inquiry
into the subject. \
FEARS AMERICAN TRUST.
It must be remembered that this was
not a commercial 'enterprise engineered
by 1 a. foreign arid hostile Government; but
a trade combination. Those who thought
this combination so 1 menaced the com
merce of this -country -that the Govern
ment ''shotrtawinferftere wet*' admitting,
whether they liked it or not. that the doc
trine of 'individual" enterprise had broken
down.. ¦¦¦..<•:•.: r.: V~- ; ' : '* ¦•--'• - \
A few members having spoken of the
very great anxiety experienced through
out the country aea. result of the forma
tion of a combination of such strength
ar.d character as the" American shipping
syndicate, A. J. Balfour expressed the
hope that the debate would -be closed.
He quite appreciated the . importance of
the subject and the desire of the members
to dteeuss it, but 'no useful purpose could
be served by. a debate now. The Govern
ment, had been privately informed re
garding the actions of private Individuals
and it was giving the matter anxious con
sideration. If it disclosed this informa
tion it would shut the door to further
conferences. The Government would be
bound to make such -arrangements with
regard to the navy as the proposed
changes might necessitate; but, regard
ing the effect of. the combination on mari
time interests "and what should be' done
to meet it, no announcement of its policy
could be made except after prolonged and
anxious consideration of the complicated
problem. Under the present arrange
ments the subsidized ships remain in the
service of the Admiralty for another two
years, and the Government would be
much blamable if in the interim it could
not either negotiate a continuance of the
existing arrangements or make others
equally serviceable to the Admiralty and
the country. Meanwhile, the Govern
ment did not propose oh the spur of the
moment to -announce any • departure : from
the traditional policy of not interfering
with the freedom of commerce. The Min
isters would be ¦ charlatans if they did
anything of. the kind. It was necessary
to most carefully and thoroughly sift the
whole matter from a commercial point of
view. . .
A COMPLICATED. PROBLEM.
. After the' president of the Board of
Trade, Gerald Balfour, had informed the
House of Commons this afternoon that he
had been confidentially Informed of the
terms of the proposed trans-Atlantic com
bine, which aid not necessarily involve a
change'in the nationality of the ships, and
the Government leader, A. J. Balfour,
had announced that the officials of the
White Star Line did 'not appear to have
violated- their contract witn the British
Admiralty, Russell Rea (Radical), a ship
owner and merchant, movsd the adjourn
ment of the House in order to "discuss the
matter, which was of general importance.
•After considerable discussion Rea's mt>
tion was withdrawn. ¦ . ¦>
LONDON, Mayr 1.— An attempt : was
made in the House of Commons to-day to
get the Government to pledge itself to
prevent the transfer of British'./.steam
ships to a foreign flag pending the .report
of the committee recently appointed by
the Admiralty to Inquire into the subject.
The Government leader, A. J. Balfour,
pointed out that a suggestion of such a
startling character could not be carried
out without the gravest consideration. It
simply amounted to a proposal that the
Government should prevent a- British
subject from selling his property to a for
eigner. No doubt the matter referred to
was very serious, i but such a drastic
change in established practice could not
be undertaken lightly.
The visiting Bishops will remain over
Sunday and will preach in the various
Episcopal churches on that day.
Bishop and Mrs. Olmstead held a recep
tion at the Brown Palace Hotel from 4:30
to C p. m. This evening tne Bishop at
tended missionary services at the cathe
dral.
The presbyters attending the' new
Bishop during the 'ceremonies were James
Olmstead of Burlington, N. J.. and Rev.
Frank , B. Reagor of Orange. N. J..
brother and brother-in-law respectively of
the Bishop. .
Early in ' the .morning holy '"communion
was celebrated at the cathedral and all
the Episcopal churches in the city, with
special prayers for the Bishop-elect and
the welfare of the diocese.
After prayer and communion -service
Bishop Olmstead gave the benediction and
the services were. over.. . . .... .. :. .-».-¦
BISHOP, HOLDS .RECEPTION.
The' bidding to prayer was by Presiding
Bishop Tuttle. It was a pretty ceremony
and the 'entire congregation took part.
The litany services followed. . Next came
the examination of the Bishop-elect. This
was merely a matter of form to conform
with the ancient rules of the church, for
during modern times it has been the cus
tom to ascertain all the qualifications of
a candidate for the office before he IS pre
sented, for consecration. The most im
portant part of the ceremonies, the robing
of the new Bishop, was very- impressive.
As the, committee on consecration said the
words that made him a prince of the
church, the work of robing him began.
He' was invested with the purple and red
of his office with much ceremony, . while
the choir sang an anthem from 'Mendels
sohn. - • " ' '..
After further selections by the orches
tra and , choir, Bishop John H. White of
Michigan City and Frederick W. Taylor
of Quincy, 111., clad in their Episcopal
robes, advanced to Bishop-elect Olmstead.
He arose, and with bowed, head was
escorted to the center of the altar, where
stood Bishops William H. Hare of South
Dakota and Abiel Leonard of Salt Lake,
the commission . appointed to consecrate.
The five formed a cross; as it were, while
the testimonials of the Bishop-elect were
read. Then came his promise of con
formity, one of the most solemn promises
in the ritual of the church. Scarcely a
sound could be .heard in the church ex
cept the voice of the Bishop-elect as he
made the responses. .
• After prayer and a hymn. Rev. John H.
Houghton of this city, master of cere
monies, recited the creed, which was re
sponded to by the entire congregation.
Bishop Leighton Coleman of Delaware
then delivered an Interesting' and impres
sive sermon in a masterful manner.
PROMISE OF CONFORMITY.
¦ Rev. Charles S. Olmstead. Bishop-elect:
Right Rev. Frederick William Taylor, D.D.,
Bishop of Quincy, 111., and one of the pre
senters; Rlsht Rev. Arthur U Williams, D.D.,
Bishop coadjutor of Nebraska, Omaha; Right
Rev. Ablel Leonard, D.D., ¦ Bishop . of bait
Lake; Kight Rev. Anson R. Graves. D.D..
Bishop of Wyoming, Laramle; Right Rev. John
H. White, D.D., Bishop-of Michigan City, lnd..
one of the presenters ; Right Rev. Edward R.
Atwill. D. D., Bishop of Kansas City; Right
Rev. James S. Johnstone, D.D., Bishop of
Western Texas, San Antonio; Right Rev.
l^elghton Coleman, D.D.J Bishop qf Delaware,
preacher of the consecration, sermon; Right
Rev. Daniel S. Tuttle, D.D., Bishop of Mis
souri. St. Louis, who will be the presiding
prelate.
f The order of the -bishops as they pro
ceeded down the main aisle in solemn
march was as follows, according to re
verse precedent of consecration, the last
consecrated being first and the oldest in
office being last:
DENVER, May l.-Rev. Dr. Charles , S.
Olmstead, formerly of Pennsylvania, -was
consecrated " as Bishop of the Episcopal
Diocese of Colorado at St. John's Cathe
dral'in this- city to-day, succeeding, the
late Bishop John- F. Spalding. . The large
edifice was crowded and more than half
of 'those who desired to attend the ser
vices were unable to gain admission to
the church. The services, which were at
tended by unusual pomp and splendor, be
gan at 10 o'clock this morning and were
not concluded until ' nearly ¦ 1 p. m. The
cathedral was magnificently decorated.
An orchestra of twenty-live pieces and a
choir of thirty-five voices furnished the
music. • • • .
LOS ANGELES, May 1.— Manager Tom
McCarey of the Century Athletic Club
has signed Jack Johnson of Bakersfield
to meet Jack Jeffries, brother of the
champion, in this city on May 13. John
son takes the place of Hank Griffin, who
signed for the match and later failed to
post his forfeit on account of a disagree
ment over division of the purse.
Jack Jeffries to Fight Johnson.
The officers of the Bay City Athletic
Club hold that once having paid their an
nual license fee of $1200 they are entitled
to promote as many fights as they may
desire. They claim the Supervisors have
no right to limit the contests to one a
month and further that the board has
no power to delegate authority to tho
Pacific Association of the Amateur Ath
letic Union. The Bay City Club stands
suspended by the latter body and cannot
secure a boxing permit.
Lieutenant of Police Martin was on
hand in his official capacity. As the fight
had not been advertised he said the club
would have no standing in court so the
test was postponed. . ? .
. The officers of the Bay City Athletic
Club intended to test the ordinance gov
erning boxing in this city yesterday. They
had Robbie Johnson and young Kid Mc-
Fadden ready to engage in an unsanc
tioned fight.
E. "W. Decoto. manager: Walter Christie,
trainer; Edward Ilussey, captain; Alfred Plaw,
Anthony Cadosan. E. R. Abadie. Edward Top
ham. J. A. "VYllcox, R. R. Sen-ice, Francis
Redewiii. w. A. Powell, H. C. Cheek and J. A.
Tlbbetts. .. • • '.-.-.
California evidently has no fear of un
lucky numbers, for tbj party it sent EJast
is composed- of thirteen men. They are:
The departure of the track team called
out a crowd of students to give them a
proper "send off." The men were
cheered individually' and collectively and
their arms were. nearly shaken off by en
thusiasts. When the train that carried
the California men from Berkeley sta
t'on pulled out the cheers that went up
were deafening. •
'Pitchers — Overa 1 !. Smith and Williams;
catcher. Hatch: first base. HendriekB; 'second
base. Heniliii: third base. Kennedy; short stop,
Adams; left Held. Heltmuller; right field. Me-
Keown; center field, Gardiner. .
Those who will go on the trip are
For some time various athletic organi
zations of the north have been trying to
get the California baseball men to meet
them. To-day the athletic committee de
cided that enough proposals had been
made to make the trip worth while, and
authorized Assistant Manager J. H. Ar
nold to close the dates with the northern
players. All the expenses of the Califor
nia team have been guaranteed.
Games are scheduled with the Victoria
baseball nine at Victoria, B. C. on May
23; at Spokane, Wash.; two at Butte,
Mont.; one each at- Helena and Great
Falls. Later in the month another- game
will be played at Spokane, and then bats
will be crossed with nines from Tacoma,
Seattle, Nanaimo and Everett in the or
der named. Manager Arnold Is In cor
respondence with a ¦ team in Salt Lake
City to see if arrangements for a game
there cannot be made. * .'
BERKELEY, May 1.— The University
cf California track team departed for
the East this morning, and to-day . the
baseball men commenced arrangements
for a trip through the Northwest. The
latter will leave here on May 18 and will
go direct to Portland. Or., where a
game will be played with th«* Multnomah
Athletic Club. The rest of the trip will
cover five States, with a short side jour
ney Into Canada. " * '
If Oliver Morosco insists on keeping the
money, Harry Morosco. -who is named as
executor in the will, Intends bringing suit
Tor its recovery.
*ir^- estate ' wfa ich has been appraised at
fi 00.227, is to be distributed to Harry
Morosco. the son, and Oliver and Leslie
Morosco. nephews - of the deceased. .«.
brother in the East, who was left $5000.
>os<?s that legacy on account of a defect
in ihe making of the codicil.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 1.
A contest over the Morosco estate may
result because the appraisers allege that
Oliver Morosco. the dead theatrical man
agrer's heir, is withholding $5900 in cash of
tne funds that belong to It.
The appraisers declare In their report
that Morosco retains $5000 in cash he col
lected as manager of the Burbank
Theater in Los Angeles. They -want him
to turn that sum over to the estate on
the ground that it Is unlawfully held.
Morosco denies that he has the money or
that such an amount belongs to the
estate.
Napa Also Make3 Prepara
tions for a Three Days'
Carnival.
Heart Yet Beats for Young
Swain Whose Arrest She :
Caused. ;
Encounters [ a Snag ¦ That
Would Prevent Standing |
in Court.
Track Men Depart for East
Amid Cheers of Student
Enthusiasts.
Noted Leader Thinks People
Are Needlessly Alarmed
Over Syndicate.
Contest Probable if Money Is
Not Turned Over
Soon.
Appraisers Say an Heir
Withholds a Large
Amount/ >
Unusual Pomp and Splendor
Attend the Impressive
Servicss.
So Says Mrs. Jane Mor
gan, Who Fell in Lov6
at Fifty.
Bay City. Athletic Club
Postpones Intended /
Rev. Dr. Olmstead Is Con
secrated an Episco
pal Bishop.
Sacramento Women Are
, Enthusiastic Over
Their Plan.
Say s the English Govern
ment Will Guard Ship
pin g Interests. ;
California Nine Leaves
Soon for Granies in
the North.
BASEBALL MEN
ARRANGE TRIP
FLORAL PARADE
TO BE UNIQUE
BOXING LAW
IS NOT TESTED
BALFOUR FIGHTS
AGAINST PLEDGE
"NO FOOL LIKE
AN OLD FOOL"
MOROSCO ESTATE
OUT OF POCKET
RECEIVES ROBES
OF HOLY OFFICE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAtL, FRIDAY^ MAY 2, 1902;
SAYS COMPANY WAS NEGLIGENT
Jacob Wciesbergrer, whose hand was Injured at
the machine ehops of the Atchlson. Topeka and
Santa Fe Railroad Company on November 30,
1001, filed a suit for $5750 damages yesterday.
He. alleges ¦ that the Injury to his hand - was
caused by the negligence of the company.'- V"
Major R. H. Wilson. Eighth Infantry,
has been relieved from duty at the Pre
sidio and is ordered to Join his regiment
In Seattle. Wash. Captain G. H. McMas
ter has been placed on duty with the re
cruits and casuals at the Presidio. Cap
tain C. F. Kiefer of the Medical Corps
has been ordered to leave for Fort BiiscC
Tex., with the third battalion of the
Twelfth/ Infantry.-, •- ; ¦ . v - •¦:_¦¦;
News in Army Circles.
OAKLAND, May 1.— While playing with
a pet bear. at Sixth and Washington
streets this afternoon J.H. "Mullen, State
Organizer of the Building Trades Coun
cil, had the second Anger of his ( right
hand chewed off. Mullen sought surgical
relief.
Bear Chews Off a Finger.
- OAKLAND, "V May 1.— The funeral of
the late Patrick A.', Murphy, a pioneer
dry goods merchant ; of -this State who
died Tuesday, will be held from the
family; residence,- "719, Alice street this
morning. Murphy came : to , California in
1S50, ; establishing a business in Sacra
mento. In 1873 he located in Oakland
and was with O' Conn ell & Co. for several
years. ; Later he- represented - Murphy
Grant '&', Co. in Northern California and
Oregon. | He had suffered from. paralysis
for several < years. Murphy was a . mem
ber .of Keystone ; Lodge . No. 64.- Ancient
Order ¦ of ;¦ United Workmen. ' : He was ' 64
years old,; a. native: of -Ireland. ;A -wifs
and* three ' children' survive.''""* ¦•** : - * •*-.«-
Death of .Pioneer Merchant
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KOW J5 «v YOU
Stomach Troubfe Cured
positively «r«3 permanently hy the most kuc-
c**ss:ul specialists in etomach and abdominal
Oaenes. JfcFFKRSON sanitarium. 77J
<1EARV ST.. S. F. We hav* devoted u life-
time to the must careful research, study uud
investigation ot this most prevalent American
complaint, rteaJJas: successfully with the mo».t
Oifftcult and comjJU-ated cants known to toe
irt-ofesfcion. The doctors have been instrumental
In rek-torlap to perfect health hundred* of de*>-
ItTAte cases alter all other method* have
jii-cved unavallltiE. THE DOCTORS WILL
TELL. YOU KT1EE it your case is curabie.
Write them IN CONKIDEXCK to-day, giving
e:i »ccurat<> an<! minute descriution of your
trouble, inclose a eta nip aDd their expert opin-
ion and plan of the CKI>KCUATED PftOCTOH
erOMACH TBEATMEXT U'i!l be sent you
without eort at once. DO NOT DESPAIIt.
CUHE IS SUKE. In all cases where a Cancer,
Tumor or GnllFtone* are «ui?pected we make a
careful -and thenraea. X-RAT. . cxaminatioa.
File* aafi stricture cured without the knife, v.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mfiliin'cJunon
Baby's future happiness
depends on present.
nourishment.
Pictures of toell nourished Babies in
our book. Send for it; it is free*. :;
Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
EA*j**w^faij i^'y*'y T^«y.^>y* w tii i ii^ i mHUf7B
Yfcii signature Is on every bos of tho genofa*
Laxative Brorao-Quinine Tabieu
tlhj remedy ihat cures • cold la ox»o a«jkTHE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALLV FKIDAT, MAY 2^ 1902.
TO SAIL.
TO ARRIVE
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) ; about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
thority of the Superintendent
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times ..and. Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
: - Francisco Bay. Published -by official au-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
S The Time Ball on the tower of the ' Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
t. e.. at noon of th« 120th meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich time. ••
- W.'H. STANPLET.
Lieutenant, U. S. N.. in charge.
Branch tHydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants'' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 1, 1903.
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition ot the. tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of . the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; tha
fourth time column • gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the 'mean
of the lower low waters.
FRIDAY. MAY 2.
Sun rises 5:13
Sun sets . . .' 7:01
Moon rises 1:40 a. m.
The steamer Oueen sailed yesterday for Vic
toria with an kssorted merchandise cargo to
be landed at the principal British Columbian
ports. The cargo as manifested up to 3 p.m.'
wae valued Rt 517,129. and included the fol
lowing merchandise and produce:'
B170 lbs buttor, 3638 . lbs cheese, 2414 lbs
millEtuBs, 800 lbs codfish, 0 cs and 70S g& Is
Exports %o British Columbia.
The British ship Fred E. Scammell was
cleared yesterday for London," England, with
8SS.1C6 ft redwood lumber, valued at $19,510.
Lumber for England.
The British ehlp AVayertree . is chartered for
wheat' to Cape Town or AIror Bay at 26s 3d.
Th« schooner Esther. Buhne is chartered for
lumber from Grays Harbor for Topolobampo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
CLEARED
Thursday, ' May 1. ¦ .
Btmr J S Kimball, Thwing,' Seattle; E'T
Kruse. . . ¦
Stmr San ¦ Juan, Urry, Panama,, etc; T,hi
4-.S Co. - ¦ ¦ . v ¦ . ¦ , ¦
Stmr ¦ Sonoma, Von Oterendorp,. Sydney ¦ end
Honolulu; J D Spreckels & Bros Co. . ' . :
Stmr Argyll, Gilboy, Panama; Panama RR
&.SS .Line. ' . .
. ,-.. • Thursday,. May ].
Stmr San Jose. Brown, 27 daysiu hours' SO
minutes from Panama,: via Mazatlan 6 days 1J
hours 23 mlnutps. .-,-.•
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, 3C hours from San
Pedro. .
Stmr Prenties, Ahlstrom,\98 hours from As
toria; bound south; put ln.for.fuel.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 41 hours from
Gan Diepo and way ijorts. • ¦ . • -\ . , . - • .
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 47 hours from San
Pedro. • . - • •
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 24 hours from , Port
Kenyon. ' • -
. Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 24 hours from Monterey.
Jap stmr Nippon Maru, Greene. .28 days 1VA
hours from Hongkong 1 , via Yokohama- 16 ilaya
16»,4 hours, via Honolulu • 6 days 354 ¦ hours, a
Br strnr Caithness, Clegrg, 50 days from Cal
cutta, via Mororan .20 days. . ....¦• -
Schr Ida, Camiibell,, 6 hours from* Point
Reyes
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tho steamer San Juan. sailed yesterday - for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued at. $88,355 exclusive of some in, transit."
The cargo was manifested arid destined ; a*
follows: For Mexico, J17.968: Central Amer
ica, ?69.008; Panama. $1379. Tho following
w.n: the principal shipments;:
To Mexico — 27,tiu8 feet lumber. 68 bbls as
phnltum. 20 cs canned goods. 6 pkg3 groceries
and • provisions, 527 lbs -dried frulta, ICO lbs
miWrtuffs. 41 bales dry goods, S pkgs arms and
ammunition. 8550 lbs bread, (VI pkgs agricul
tural implements. 215 lbs hams, 07 -pkgs ma
chinery. 12 pkgs drugs, 470 sks coke," 1220 lbs
rairlns. 1820 lbs spices, 50 cs salmon 720 lbs
tea. 420 gals wine. 51 pkgs nails. 20 pkgs po
tatoes, 25 flasks quicksilver. 1020 bdls shooks,
335 colls wire, 50 cs whisky. -198 bxs candles.
22 ctls barley, 75 pkgs paste, 14 pkgs paints and
oils. .
To Central America— 2842 bbls flour, ISO
bal<*s dry goods, 28 pkgs cotton domestics 29
cs canned goods, 32 pkgs arms and ammuni
tion. 9uS lbs butter, 451 cs coal oil '264 pkgs
groceries and provisions. ]64 lbs am] 1 cs hams
3110 lbs lard. 6M)S lbs mlllstuffs. 6fl5 pkgs ma
chinery. 60.636 feet' lumber, .11 pkgs drugs IS
pkgr. mill work. 12 gals liquors. 432 lbs dried
fruits, 305 lbs cheese. 2000 lbs bran ', 810. lbs
bread. 20 pkgs boer. 62.4C5 lbs .corn.. 30 pkgs
electrical goods. 8640 lbs copper cement 30:<9
ski»- coal." 3 tons .coke/ 1 45 bxs c-andles, 42 800
lbs cement. 1390 lbs borax. Wpk^s nails 2.'U
pkgs paints and oils, 5601 lbs ro?ln. 77.001 lbs
rice, 51.700 lbs salt, 0 cs salmon. ¦ 148 lbs tea,
2902 gals and 14 cs wine, 17,."82 lbs. tallow "4
cs and 55 gals whisky. 2207 lbs ainc, 473 bdls
wire. 612 lbs spices.- 003 bxs soap. "6 colls rope
3003. lbs soda.- 571 lbs starch. 100" flasks ouick
riilver.- 56 bdls' pipe. 330- txlliC paper, 1032 lb«
cyanide of. potash. 62 pkgs potatoes..
. To Panama— 1258 gals wine. 39 csca.nned
goods. 50 cs salmon. 7 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 2S.5C0 lbs rice. .
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
Reinsurance on the missing German ship H.
F ' Glade was yesterday advanced' to 75 per
cent. She is looked upon as a bad risk
Glade Bate Advances.
T. \\: Forester and wife. 'Miss M. W'vler. C.
C Urrutia, Mrs. Urrutia. Mrs. E. Phlllppon,
Miss. E. Hawley. E. L. Hawley, Miss Hawley,
W. J Connell, A. Sara bo. L.' E. Blrge. Hy
Rawlins. J. Luttnam. J. P. Murphy. W. F. Ar
buckle, A. G. Bores and M. Casullch.
San Juan Sails Late.
It was nearly 4 o'clock yesterday afternoon
.bt-fore the Pacific Mail steamship San. Juan
left the do^k and comraenrd her voyage to
Panama and way ports. The late arrival of a.
big consignment of freight war responsible • for
the delay. She took aboard about - 2200 tons
of freight and passengers as follows:
In spite of a six hours' delay in quarantine
at Honolulu, the Japanese . steamship Nippon
Maru arrived here yesterday from the Orient
ahead cf schedule time. The suspicious death
of a Chinese passenger was responsible for the
dclav. Pneumonia proved to have been the
cause of death and the vessel was released.
The Nippon brought sixty cabin passengers,
128 Chinese and 119 Japanese In the steerage.
Sha' had four stowaways. Among the pas
sengers was Mrs. McWade, wife of the United
States Consul nt Canton, and her mother, Mrs.-
Hountree. Fine weather was encountered
throughout the voyage. She brought only 1S00
tons of <-argo. and passengers as follows:
A. Abld. Mrs. A. Abid, MLss G. Abid. Miss
Q. Abld, C. J. Ahern. K. P. Andreas. Mr3. E.
P. Andreas, J. A. BegbKV T. S. Bl'sh. Dr.
Bertha J. Caldwell. Miss R. Charlton, Miss M.
L. Clancy, Honolulu; Edward, T. Cockrott.
Charles Colley. Mrs. Charles Colley, C. C.
Collln, C. E. Dahlgren. Mrs. Wong Dot and
child. Rev. T. A. Elmer. Mrs. T. A. Elmer
and infant. Miss Helen V. Ewert, N. Har
wood, F. II. Haskell, O. Heesch, Mrs. K. M.
Huntocn; E. M. Jauion. J. Janson. C. Louis
son. M. M. Loulsson. Miss LouissotvE. Math
ews R. J McCord, G. R. McKenzie, Mrs. j G.
R. M(*Kenzie, Mrs. McWade.. E. F. Meyer.
Dr. William E. K. Mittendorf. i Mrs. Mary
Mulligan. H. fi. MuIIiken, Dr. Mary Platter.
II. Robbins, H. Rosenfeld. Mrs. Hountree,
Captain Sehaunmnn, Stephen Smith, Dr.
Steadman. C. J. Strome. Yu Sun,. Com. Wil
liam Swift, U. S. N.: Miss M. E. Thayer, A.
Van Norden. Mrs. A. Van Norden, Com. Bona
part Wyse and B. Wyse.
From Honolulu— H. C. Barber, S. F. Joor,
Mrs. A. M. Davis and two children.
Nippon Maru Arrives.
The Pacific Mall steamship San Jose ar
rived yesterday from Panama and way ports.
She brought over. 10,000 tons of cargo, mostly
coffee, hides and ore, and $104,439 51 in treas
ure. The San Jcse left Guatemala before the
big earthquake of which the . officers heard,
however, at Mazatlan. Captain Brown reports
the wreck and total loss on April 12 of the
Chilean steamship Cherebon, a big freighter
under charter to the Pacific Steam Naviga
tion Company. The Cherebon and the San
Jose were in San Jose de Guatemala together.
The Cherebon sailed on April 11 ahead of the
San Jose. When the latter overtook the Chil
ean she was piled up on Remedlos reef, off
the coast of Salvador, and within a short dis
tance of where the San Bias came to grief.
The Cherebon and her cargo were a total loss,
but all hands were landed safely. The ban
Jose brought passengers as follows:
Wong Mack Wing. M. Tubino and wire.
Max von Dratcher, G. E. R. Westphalen. K.
Reuben. F. Mehlsen, wife and son; E. Grither,
M. Hanznaucr, J. M. Murlllo.
Brings News of "Wreck, jj
To .East Indies— -1200 cs canned salmon 79
pkg3 groceries and provisions, 240 lbs dried
fruit, 50 bbls boiler compound, 19S cs canned
goods.
] The steamer Doric sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo destined for
various Oriental ports, valued at $1GS,4:;9. and
manifested as follows: For Japan, ?77,042;
China, ?79,614; Manila, |4119; East Indies,'
$0498; Korea, §130; Vladivostok, $136. Among
the principal exports- were the following:
To Japan — .110 bbls flour, 10 rkgs agricultural
Implements, 750 lbs cheese, 1334 lbs butter, 236.
968 lbs compressed cotton, 82ti pkgs groceries
and provisions, 121. bales leather, 91 pkgs bi
cycles and sundries, 300 lbs lard, 131 lbs hams,
5 cc liquors. 29 pkgs electrical goods, 17 pkgs
drugs. 73 pkgs machinery, 77 cs canned goods,
10C8 kr.gs and 50 cs nails, ." pkgs paints, 2<;
pkgs rubber goods. T'-O cs whisky, 1 03.061 lljS
wet-salted hides, 5820 lbs lallow, 4706 gal3
wine, 9271 lbs sugar. 777 boxes soap, 557 bdls
wire shorts. - - '' ¦
To China— 3001 bbls flour, 1151 bales cotton
domestics, C130 lbs.abalone, fi5 csks -bottled
beer. S70 pkgs groceries and provisions, . 09fl'cs
canned coods. 7 bales leather. 20 pkgs ma
chinery. 10S4 lbs and 20 cs mlllEtuffs, ¦ 144 lbs
bread, 213 cs and 60 gals liquors, 40 pkgs mill
work. 1250 lbs ivory, 5653 lbs and 7 cs hams,
20 bxs fresh fruits, 2170 lbs hops, 5 cs elec
trical goods. 2025 lbs dried fruits, 2S99 lbs
cheese. 4 cs boots and shoes, 2 cs brandy. . 0
pkgs bicycles and sundries. 5 cs paints, 195 cs
salmon. 4 bxs soap, 240 gals wine, 80 ca rai
sins. 5C00 lbs pearl barley, IOCS lbs starch 116
bdls Bhooks. 87."> lbs salt fish. 543 bdls wire,
1O» sks bhells, 20 sks seaweed.
To Manila — 60 csks bottled beer. 13 cs boots
and shoes, 4 bales Ory goods, II cs drugs
To Korea— 336 lbs butter.
•To Vladivostok— 3 pkgs machinery and hard
ware.
Merchandise for the Orient.
The Occidental and Oriental steamship Doric
sailed yesterday for Honolulu and the Orient.
Owing to the overstocking of the flour market
in China and Japan there has been a decided
falling off in freight in that direction and there
was lots of spare space in the Doric's hold
when she sailed. She carried a cargo of about
3000 tons measurement and passengers as fol-
Foi- Yokohama— W. M. Abernathy, Mrs. W.
M. Abernathy, Miss C. Abernathy, Miss E.
Helm Miss L. Helm, Miss G. Kuster. Israel
Putnam and Mrs. Israel Putnam.
Kobe — J. Cavanauth. F. Kopp and H. L,.
Kopp. ¦* „ ,• ¦ -
Shanghai— C. C. Cobbs. M. P. Walker, -Rev.
Mark Williams, W. J. Young and Mrs. « . J.
°Ho ! ngkdng-<J. H. Ankrom. J E. Ben.' J.
C Bentz A L. Dade. N. Frei, Captain F. D.
Goddard, Mrs. F. D. Goddard. Colonel N. D.
Hodge. Rufus Hodge. M. H. Irvine. JE. H.
Low. Miss R. Millinship. S. M. Morris, C.
A. Tomes and Mrs. C. A. Tomes ''and four
children.
To Join at Honolulu— Louis Tartaa. ' i
Doric Sails for Orient.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer car
ried 32 cs canned goods for Paramaribo, Dutch
Guiana, valued at $90.
To New 'York — 354,479 gals wine, 234,123 lbs
greased wool, 87,400 lbs scoured wool,' 210 cs
axes, 50 flasks quicksilver, 84.9uO lbs dry hides,
8909 pigs lead, 301 bss typewriter material,
401 bales jtThk. 32 cs canned goods. 1 cs honey,
2725 lbs beeswax. 3GS sks horns. 20 bdls bam
boo. 12 pkgs machinery. 29.804 lbs bone black,
75 bbls red oil, 8 bales paper.
To England — IS cs prepared meats and 1
bale dry goods.
To France — 70 sks sea shells and 17 pkgo
household goods.
The steamer Argyll, which was cleared yes
terday for Panama, carried a general cargo
en route to New York and Europe, valued, at
$208,090, manifested as follows: For New
Yoik, $264,749; England. ?2247; France, $1700.
The cargo included the following:
The Argyll's Cargo,
Warde, Miss Warde, Miss M. Warde. A. B.
Watson, Robert Watson, W. Weinrich Jr., F.
Welsh and Mrs. B. J. Wcstcott and child.
Pago Pago — W. E. Cochrane, C. Lammert,
W. Schmodk and L. Schroeder.
Auckland — Mrs. M. B. Braden. L. Harris.
Mrs. Harris and child, H. S. Jefferson and
K. Neave. \
Sydney — B. Alexander, H. Warren Crowe,
Sidney Drew. Mrs. Drew and child. T. Gor
man, Mrs. F. Greenaway and child, C. Harris,
Mrs. Harris, Major Holeman,. Rev. H.Kitlcy,
Mrs. W. J. Loring. Master Loring. Daniel
McLaren. F. B. Morley. Tom Nawn. Mrs.
Tom Nawn. Miss K. M. Nawn. R. S. Plante.
Vice Admiral Sir Harry Rawson (K. C- B.).
Mrs. Rawson, Miss Rawson. H. Wyatt II.
Rawson. W. H. Rowe (R. N.), W. Sherer Jr.
and Colonel J. Skinner.
To Join at Honolulu ' for Sydney — G. F.
Schloetelborr. •
PRAWLEP.OINT— Passed April 30-^-Br ship
Dendracth Castle, from . Tacoma,' for Queens
town... . ¦-¦" ; ¦ ¦ - ¦¦ ¦ '¦¦;¦ ¦ . ¦' '¦'./ -
; PORTI^AND.. England— Passed April 27— Br
ship '• Powys '. Castle, from . Hamburg,* for . Se
attle." ¦¦•• ¦¦ ••¦¦-¦ '.- - ; ¦¦;. ¦ ;. : : ¦
DOVER — Passed- May 1—Br ships Cleomene
and "- Travancor?, from Oregon, for United
Klnedorn. . ', ¦
•MONTEVIDEO— Arrived A nrll 28— Ger stmr
Nlcaria, hence Febl,' for Hamburg..- •'
GENOA— Sailed. April -29r^Ger stmr Totmes,'
for Snn Francisco. '.• ' ' '<"•¦'' '¦ '¦.'¦¦ • •'.
'•ST VINCENT— Arrived' Arrll 30— Br Vstmr
Npptune. from Seattle, for United' Kingdom.' *
• SHANGHAI— Arrived:. April 1C— Nor stmr
Thy ra, from ; Astoria.' : '"
-COLON — Sailed April 29 — Stmr Advance," tor
New. Tori. . • • .. '
'Arrived" April 29 — Stmr Allianca. from; New,
Yorlt. '¦¦ • •- .' ¦ ¦-- ' ., . ¦ ¦;¦ ¦ .-<¦'
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Anril 17— Qer stmr
Luxor, for United iKinrriiOm.* ' ¦ • >
;. KTNSALE— Passed April 30— Ital, bark Carlo
P,: for- United Kingdom, from Astoria. :
ACAPULCO— Sailed April 2ft— Stmr Aca
pulco,-' for : Panama. April CO — Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco". ' . ,
NEW YORK— Arrived May 1— U S stmr
Brooklyn, from cruise. ¦
'Sailed April 30— Bark St James, for Savan
nah. ¦•¦ . . ,
FOREIGN S PORTS^
EASTERN PORT.
-To sail April 24— Ship Edward -Sewall. for
New ' York : . bark Oylon, " for I^aysan Inland.
April 25 — Bark Louisiana, for' Port Townsend.
HILO— Arrived Anril 15 — Baric Santiago,
hence March 28. -
Sailed April 10— Schr O M Kellogg, for Eu
reka. ' '.: ¦
KAHULUI— Arrived April 19— Br bark An
tlope. from Oyster Harbor. '
KIHEI — Arrived April 2— Br . ship. Kinross,
from Oyster Harbor. •• • . ¦ . • ; ,
Sailed April 19— Ship s.D Carleton, for S.in
Fr.inclpco. Anril .21 — Stmr Hyades, for San
Francisco, "via Kahului. April 22 — Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, for <.'hina and Japan. April
23 — Bark S C.Allen, for San • Francisco; Bchr
Fred. E Sander, for Port Townsend. /'
HONOLULU— Arrived April ; 19— U S etinr
Albatross, from cruise. April 20 — US stmr
IroQuoIs.: from . cruise; schr llelene, hones
March 30: ship TilllR K Starbuok, hence April
C; April 21 — Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, : hence
April 15. April 22— Bktn Planter, hcnce-March
31. - - .. ;
ISLAND PORTS.
PORT LOS^ANGELES-Arrived Anrll 30—
H B M stmr Grafton, from Sari Diego. May 1
— Stmr Phoenix, from Mendocino.
USAL— Sailed May 1— Stmr Rival, for Wll
laiia Harbor. . •
- VENTURA— Sailed May 1— Schr Volant, for
Grays Harbor. . • .
SAN PEDP.O— Arrived May 1— Schr Daunt
less,' from. Grays Harbor; stmr Coronado, from
Redondo; stmr Coos Bay, hence April 28.
Sailed May 1— Bktn John Smith, for Port
Townsend; schr Jennie Wand, for Coos Bay;
stmrs Coca Bay and W H Kruger, for San
Francisco. »
ASTORIA— Sailed May 1— Bktn ' Chchalis,
for Callao: schr Lizzie Vance, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Aberdeen, for San Pedro.
NEAH BAY— Passed out May ,1 — Br shlD
Bann. from Port Blakeley. for Calcutta- schr
Balnbridge, from Port Blakeley, for San Fran
cisco; bktn Gardiner City, from Tacoma, for
Salinas Cruz; bktn J M Griffith, from Port
Hadlock, for San Francisco; stmr San Ma
teo, from Nanalmo-, for San Francisco; s:hr
Honoipu, from Port Blakeley. for Noumean:
schr Ethel Zane, for Port Ludlow, for San
Francisco. •
Passed in May" 1— Stmr Pleiades, hence April
28, for Ladysmith. / ¦.. .
BANDON— Arrived . May 1— Schr Corinthian,
hence April ?5.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 1— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
Sailed May 1— Schr Falcon, • for San Diego.
REDONDO — Arrived May 1— Stmr Coronado,
from San Pedro, y .•¦' ¦. ¦¦' • ' ¦ • •
TACOMA— Arrived April 30— Schr Eric, from
Port Blakeley. ¦.
Sailed May 1 — Br ship Troop, for Melbourne.
Sailed; May 1—Sehr Glendale, for Marquesas.
T.JMPQUA RIVER— Arrived April 30— Schr
Lily, hence April 17. • ,
SEATTLE— Sailed Aoril 30— Stmr Cottage
City, for.Sitka. May 1— Stmr Jeanle. for
Nome. ¦ ...
Sailed May 1— Schr Columbia, for Honolulu.
- PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 1— Gcr
stmr Neko. for San Francisco.' '¦ ¦
Sailed. May 1 — Ital bark Cavour, from Ever
ett, for Callao. • .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 1— Stmr Santa
Barbara, for San Pedro. • , '
EUREKA— Arrived May 1— Stmr Alliance,
from Coos Bay, for fan Francisco; schr J B
Leeds, hence April 23; fichr Serena Thayer,
from San Pedro;, schr O M Kellogg, from Mllo.
Sailed May 1^-Stmr Homer, for San Francisco;
Nor bark Ailsa. for Glasgow; stmrs Eureka
and Arctic, for San ¦ Francisco.
AVESTPORT— Sailed May. 1— Stmr Westport,
for Crp.sront City. '
¦ HARDY CREEK— Arrived May 1— Stmr Na
varro. .from Eureka, for San Francisco. .. .
BALLARD- Sailed May 1— Schr Columbia.'
for San Pedro. ¦ •
FORT BRAGG— Arrived/ May 1— Stmr Na
tional City, hence April- 30. : .
Sailed May X — Stmr Fulton., for San Pedro.
¦ Sailed May 1. — Stmr .Newsboy, for San. Fran
cisco. : ' • . .
-SOUTH BEND— Sailed May 1— Schr Repeat,
ror.San Francisco. - .¦
FORT. HADLOCK— Sailed May. 1— Schr C S
Holmes, for Suva. ' .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, May 1, 10 pm— Weather
hazy; wind W. velocity 18, miles. per hour. ¦
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per Jap stmr Nippon Maru — April 30, 2 pm,
SCO miles S\V of Farallones, Br ship, supposed
to be Corunna, from Newcastle, AU3, for San
Francisco.
SPOKEN.
Thursday,' Ma\» 1. ¦
Stmr Queen, HaM, Victoria and Puget Sound
ports.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Dle~o. -
Stmr Geo Loomls, ' Brldgett, Ventura,
Stmr Argyll. Gilboy, Panama.
Stmr G C Lindauer. Allen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr San Juan, Urry, Panama.
U S stmr- Logan, Stinson, Manila.
P»r stmr Doric. Smith, Hongkong, etc.
Ship Spartan.' McArthur. Whatcom.
., Bktn Geo C Perkins, Jensen. Eureka,
Bktn Northwest, Gove, Olympla.
Bktn Northwest. Dodd, Olymnla.
Schr Mary E Russ* Nyman. Eureka.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodesa.
SAILED.
Stmr Mineola, Kirkwood. San Jose de Gua
temala,-via Tacoma and Seattle; P I Co.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, San Pedro;
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Hongkong, etc; O &
O SS Co.
Br shiD Fred E Scammell, Campling, Lon
don; J J Moore & Co.
wine. . 2 cs brandy, 450 lbs grease. 150 tins
matches, 17 pkgs electrical supplies, 6S02 lbs
lead, 32 pkgs drugs, 3 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 206 pkgs fresh vegetables. 470 pkgs fresh
fruits, 4S pkgs groceries and provisions.. 2000
lbs bone dust. 1S2 pkgs paste, 10 pkgs paints
and oils, . 141 pkgs machinery, 7XU lbs 1 cs
wax, 048 lbs chocolate, 7 coils rope.- 110 C3
canned fruit. 11 rolls leather, 1100 lbs starch.
10 flasks quicksilver, 1124 lbs bread. 8915 lbs
malt. i!95 lbs coffee, o9.S6o lbs dried fruit. 212
lbs ham. 1150 lbs dried peas, 94 pkgs station
ery and ink. , ' - /
SOME OF THE PACIFIC LINERS THAT SAILED FROM SAN FRANCISCO YESTERDAY BOUND FOR VARIOUS
PORTS IN THE ORIENT AND AUSTRALASIA. THE DEPARTURE OF SO MANY OCEAN STEAMSHIPS IN
ONE DAY MADE THINGS LlVELY ON THE FRONT. ' ' /
The Oceanic Company's Sonoma, with a
large number of passengers and every pound
of freight she could cagry. sailed last evening
for Honolulu and the Antipodes. lnclud;d
in the Sonoma's cargo was a large shipment
of flour. A number of distinguished people
took passage en the mail boat, the most prom
inent being Vice /Admiral Harry Rawson. K.
i". B.. the recently appointed Governor of
N'rw South Wales. He is accompanied by his
family and staff. The Warde Company of
players go as far as Honolulu on the Sonoma.
The train bringing the British-Australian mail
from New York was several hours late, but
little time was lost after its arrival in trans
porting it to the Oceanic dock and placing it
aboard the big liner.
The passengers were:
Honolulu — Miss Ashton. Mrs. E. Bailey II
C. Earrovr, C. Barton, S. Bates, Mrs. Bates,
Miss Eertelle, E. S. Boyd, F. Bradley Miss
A. Brady. R. Brown. Miss E. M. Cameron,
Mrs. F. Carr. H. Colcman, S. S. Dickinson,
Mrs. E. P. Dole, M. Donohoe. Mrs. Donohoe,
Mrs. L. P. Drexler. N. Ftahm. Oliver Gale,
Miss R. Gallagher. Mrs. J. J. Geary Miss A
Geary. Mrs. V. Gllcrest. J. L. Gillis Mrs.
Gillis, Mrs. J. C. Gregg. Mrs. M. B. Ham
mond, Miss Hammond, Miss K. Harris J T
Harris, T. A. Hays. Mrs. Hays. C. D Herl
rnftnn. L. P. Howe. J. TJ Hynes, B. Johnson
Clement P. Kirk, Mies V. Lauer. Dan Iyver
K. McLeod. J. W. Mason. F. D. McGinn.
Mrs. Morse, J. T. Morrissy. Miss B. Newell'
' C. Newton. H. O'Connor, W. S. Perkins, Miss
M. I. Powers. Miss L. Prevost, W. T. Raw
lings. Mrs. Rawlings. Theodore Richards. M.
rj.OET.berg, Mrs. A. Russell, P. Schroeder W
H. Scott. J. Smith, R. L. Stephenson. L e"
Thayer.-D. Traitel, Miss Trescott, J. R. Van
eant, Mrs. Vansant. Frederick Warde, Mrs.
Sails for Australia.
Mrs George Kliemand and two children, J.
F. Clark. James Wilson. John Stelnlein. G. N*.
Ilurd and wife. J. Speier. D. W. Tancey, Dr.
R. W. Fort. Mrs. J. F. Dillion and child, Mrs.
Henry Chapman and three children. Mrs. R.
Smart. Lieutenant R. C. Caldwell. J. C. Tay
lor, L. Wagner, Mrs. E. C. Carey and child, R.
P. Able. W. A. Walsh. D. L. topping. R. A.
Nclger, Serjeant C. B. Duter.
Tlw United States army transport Logan
tailed yesterday at nonn with seventy-nine sol
diers aid 145 cabin passengers. Of the soldiers
fifty-nir.e are recruits, eleven signal corps men
and" nine belong to the hospital corr*. The cabin
passengers Trere made up of officers on their
ray to Join their commands, civilian employes,
army doctors and nurses and the wives and
families of sc'.diers and civilians, either out In
ihe Philippines or passengers O n the Jjopan.
Thrrc were thirteen army Burgeons on tlie
transport and twelve nurses. The large num
hf- of cabin passengers taxed the accommoda
tions of the vessel to the limit. The hospital
was converted into living quarters and every
available stateroom was occupied.
Two dogs were deported on the transport by
order of the Treasury Department. One was a
bulldog, the property and well beloved compan
ion of Captain Hewes of the transport Egbert,
and the other, a mastiff, belonged to Chief En
ginef-r Ran'ett of the Egbert. Although both
animals are Americans by birth their connec
tion with s. vessel that has touched at Manila
doomed them both to deportation. Captain
Danes made an appeal to the department, in
¦which he showed that his dog had not been al
lowed to set foot on any Oriental shore since
coming into his possession ai Seattle, many
months ago., It was of no avail, however, and
buth brutes were exiled to the Philippines.
The Locan carried about 3000 tons of sup
plies. The passengers were:
Lieutenants H. Olin. A. F. HaJpin. J. B.
Phuman. accompanying recruits: Contract Sur
treon R. L. Richards, with hospital corps men;
Assistant Surgeons C. G. Geer. E. L. Ruffner,
«i. P. Heard, K. Nelson. I...' L. Krebs, W. P.
V.oodall. C A. Ragan. G. W. Jean. J. F. Hall,
R F. Metoalfe and J. M. Phalen; Mrs. G.
Bishop. Miss Tillie Graff. Lieutenant Colonel
F. TV. Mansfield. Mrs. U. M. Smith, Miss Anna
Brand, Pr. R. E. L. Newberne, Captain A. E.
McCabe and wife. G. W. Missemer. Mrs. S. W.
Miller and two children. Mrs. C. G. Geer. Mrs.
L. L. Krebs and baby. W. IMmviddie. wife and
ohild: W. W. Aulick, G. I. Kelley. Mrs. A. M.
Fuller and daughter. Major G. R. Smith. Cap
tain G. E. Pickett, wife and two children; Cap
lain S. Howell and "wife. E. H. Goodhart and
¦wife. J. V. Oliver. E. E. Lockard. Captain R.
Field. Miss Gertrude Pattison. Major M. C.
Martin. J. E. McGrath and wife. Mrs. H. H.
Glover. Mrs. R. L. Richards. Lieutenant W. H.
Reave*. Captain F. J. Knester. Lieutenants T.
J. Fealy. G. J. Holden. W. McE. Walton. W.
W. Brssell. W/D. Wills. X. J. Wiley. L. B.
Chandler. R. K. Spiller. Captain J. F. Preston,
Mrs. F. J. Koester. Mrs. J. F. Preston. Dr. D.
P. Barrows, wife and four children: Frank F.
Ey, Mrs. W. L. Simpson. Dr. R. W. Hawkes.
C. W. Fitzgerald, Contract Dentist J. R. Bern
heim. Lieutenant R. Smart H. Wood. Mrs. L.
B. Chandler. Mrs. C. D. Dudley, Mrs. S. A.
Wolf. Captains A. M. Fuller, W. L. Simpson,
U. F. Steele and E. S. Walton: Major S. A.
Wolf. Lieutenant C. D. Dudley. Captain W. W.
Quinton, Mrs. E. S. Walton. Mrs. M. Steele,
Mrs. H. Olin. E. R. Yur.dt and wife, If. F.
Brand. A. P. Moran. Miss F. J. Black. Captain
S. W. Miller. J. F. Mallery and wife. F. J.
Grodavert, Nurses Henrietta Arnold. Selma
Brill. A. V. Burgess. Elizabeth F. Edwards,
Irene F. Entwisle. Welma A. Keck, Mary D.
Macdonald. Margaret McGary. Gertrude E. Mil
ler. Mattie P. Pannill, Anne Williamson and
Jcsfie U. Woodward.
LOGA2T GETS AWAY.
sailed through the Golden Gate,
either going to sea or returning from for
eign ports. In addition to the liners,
numerous smaller craft passed in and out
of the harbor. The arrivals included the
Japanese liner Nippon Mam from the
Orient, the steamship San Jose from
Panama, the Caithness from Calcutta and
the Santa Rosa from San Diego. The ag
gregate registered tonnage of these ar
rivals is nearly 3000. The departures ag
feTegated more than 16.000 tons and ln
c-tided the army transport L>ogan, the So
iioma. San Juan. Doric Argyll and Co
lrmbia. The arrivals brought more tnan
ROC tons of freight. The departing ves
sels carried out more than 14.000 tons or
frrncral merchandise for distribution at
ports in all Quarters of the Pacific.
to-ri-^HE ocean liners had their busy
J day yesterday and between early
! morning and sundown more than
il a dozen large passenger vessels
Movements of Steamers.
GUATEMALA— Arrived Asril 14— -Ger stmr
Amasis. from ; Hamburg, for San Francisco.
April 1&— Ger stmr Seraais, from Hamburg,
for San Franc'sjo.
HAMBURG — Arrived Asril SO — Br shJn.Afit
terhcrn. from Tacoma. ¦!';/'
SHANGHAI— Sailed May 1— Schr Fred J
Woods,', for Hakodate. - . . ; .
SAN. JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed - Afcril
29 — Br stnir Guatemala, for San- Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 1— Schr Mlndoro.
for -Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived April 30—
Schr Honolulu, from Port Elizabeth.
PACIFIC LINERS IN LONG ARRAY PASS THROUGH GOLDEN
GATE ON THEIR VOYAGES TO VARIOUS FOREIGN PORTS
10
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
' • May l£. , I
Aipo Eel River Ports... 5 pmlPier 2
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 ara|PIer 2
San Prdro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Chebalis... Grays Harbor ... ;. 10 am Pier 28
Sar.ta Cruz Newport & Way Pts » am Pier II
Pomona Humboldt 1 :C0 p Pier »
'May a.
Tampleo... Honolulu v. Seattle 5 pm Pier —
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPier 2
North Fork Humboldt ' 9 amjpier 2
Columbia v- Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Rainier.... Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 2
. 'May 4.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 11 amIPier 1G
Eureka.... Humboldt/ 9 amjPier 13
S. Rcca.... San Diego & Way. 9 amjPier 11
Phoenix Mendocino City ... 3 pmlPier IS
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
¦ . . 3Iay 5.
Arctic .Humboldt .12 m Pier 2
Dcsratoh.. Puget Sound Ports. 5 pm Pier lfi
S.Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
BerMeK... Golofnln Bay-Teller Pier 16
Coronado. . Gravs Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May C.
Wtstport.. Bear Harbcr 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Ureatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 7.
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 1
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Curceao... Mexican ' Ports 10 am Pier 11
Mar.Oalay.. Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
May 8.
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 8 am|Pier 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am|Pler 21
San Jose... Panama .& Way... 12 m|PMSS
May 9.
Nip. Maru. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Neko Hamburg & Way.. Pier —
Rival..^... Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
I May 1O.
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Leclanaw. . N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 1C
May 11. | .
City Fuebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
Steamer. i From. ' Due.
Arctic....'... Humboklt May 2
Empire. Coos Bay May 2
Umatilla. Puget Sound Ports ..... May 2
Euielta...... Kumboldt IMay 2
Victoria..... Comox ...: ' IMay 5
C. Nelson Seattle & Tacoma IMay ."
Alliance 1 Portland & Way Ports. May S
Mackinaw . . . Tacoma t . . . May 3
Pl'ocnix.. Mendoclno City May 3
Coos Bay.'... San Pedro & Way Ports. May a
Xf.ko. ....... Seattle May i
Mandalay.... Coquiile River ..... May 4
SanMateo... Nanaimo .• May 4
Edith Seattle May 5
Stale of Cfil.. San Diego & Way-Ports. May ft
G. WY Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 5
Coronado.... San Pedro ....May fi
Lttlar-aw New York via Panama.lMay 5
Pomona Humboldt ;.. May 5
CrcscmtCity Crescent City ...; |May 5
Despatch .San Podro JMav 5
S. Monicn jSanta Barbara ..|May 5
S. Barbara. . . SeattTe IMay (!
AlNinciia | Honolulu May fi
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports .... May 7
SontaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports. May: 7
Point Arena.. . Point Arena May K
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 8
Alsoa. ." Manila via Mojl May N
Hyadns... ... Honolulu May 8
Newport Panama & Way Ports. . May 8
Guntomala — Valparaiso & ¦ Way Ports May !•
New-burg..... Grays Harbor IMay i)
North Fork.. Humboldt ..|May n
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria |May 10
Pent .... . China & Japan IMay 10
Lakme... Portland & Astoria |May 10
Ventura :. Sydney & Way Ports.. .IMay VI
Queer. i Puget Sound . Ports |May 12
Steamer.
From.
Is.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. P.Iay 4
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May B
Chico ;.. Sunrise & "Hope" . City. May 5
Farallon Skagway & Way : Ports. May 6
Bertha.....'.-. Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. May 10
Al-Kl. ....-.;. Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dlrlgo..". .... Skagway & Way Ports. May 1:1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa Ana . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
3 Time Time Time Time
s Ft.. Ft. Ft. Ft.
»j l;w h w lw . h w
2 0:51 2.6 6:37 3.0 12:55 1.5 7:48 5.0
3 1:4S 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 1.6 8:24.5.1
4 2:35 1.4 S:56 4.4 2:28 1.8 8:58 5.3
5 3:1S| 0.8 9:58 4.6 8:13 1.0 9:30 6.5
6 4:00| 0.1110:54 4.7 3:5S 2.1 10:10 5.7
7 4:4SI— 0.4|ll:49 4.8 4:42 2.4110:50 5.8
$> r.:r,f!|— 0.7112:44 4.S 5:2S 2.6 11:39 5.8
!» 6:25|— O.8| 1:3S| 4.8 6:17 2.8
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
' • May l£. , I
Aipo Eel River Ports... 5 pmlPier 2
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 ara|PIer 2
San Prdro.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
Chebalis... Grays Harbor ... ;. 10 am Pier 28
Sar.ta Cruz Newport & Way Pts » am Pier II
Pomona Humboldt 1 :C0 p Pier »
'May a.
Tampleo... Honolulu v. Seattle 5 pm Pier —
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pmlPier 2
North Fork Humboldt ' 9 amjpier 2
Columbia v- Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
Rainier.... Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 2
. 'May 4.
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts 11 amIPier 1G
Eureka.... Humboldt/ 9 amjPier 13
S. Rcca.... San Diego & Way. 9 amjPier 11
Phoenix Mendocino City ... 3 pmlPier IS
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
¦ . . 3Iay 5.
Arctic .Humboldt .12 m Pier 2
Dcsratoh.. Puget Sound Ports. 5 pm Pier lfi
S.Monica.. Humboldt 4 pm Pier 2
BerMeK... Golofnln Bay-Teller Pier 16
Coronado. . Gravs Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May C.
Wtstport.. Bear Harbcr 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Ureatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 7.
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 1
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Curceao... Mexican ' Ports 10 am Pier 11
Mar.Oalay.. Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
May 8.
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 8 am|Pier 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am|Pler 21
San Jose... Panama .& Way... 12 m|PMSS
May 9.
Nip. Maru. China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Neko Hamburg & Way.. Pier —
Rival..^... Wlllapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
I May 1O.
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Leclanaw. . N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 1C
May 11. | .
City Fuebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amjPier 9
Steamer. i From. ' Due.
Arctic....'... Humboklt May 2
Empire. Coos Bay May 2
Umatilla. Puget Sound Ports ..... May 2
Euielta...... Kumboldt IMay 2
Victoria..... Comox ...: ' IMay 5
C. Nelson Seattle & Tacoma IMay ."
Alliance 1 Portland & Way Ports. May S
Mackinaw . . . Tacoma t . . . May 3
Pl'ocnix.. Mendoclno City May 3
Coos Bay.'... San Pedro & Way Ports. May a
Xf.ko. ....... Seattle May i
Mandalay.... Coquiile River ..... May 4
SanMateo... Nanaimo .• May 4
Edith Seattle May 5
Stale of Cfil.. San Diego & Way-Ports. May ft
G. WY Elder.. Portland & Astoria May 5
Coronado.... San Pedro ....May fi
Lttlar-aw New York via Panama.lMay 5
Pomona Humboldt ;.. May 5
CrcscmtCity Crescent City ...; |May 5
Despatch .San Podro JMav 5
S. Monicn jSanta Barbara ..|May 5
S. Barbara. . . SeattTe IMay (!
AlNinciia | Honolulu May fi
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports .... May 7
SontaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports. May: 7
Point Arena.. . Point Arena May K
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports May 8
Alsoa. ." Manila via Mojl May N
Hyadns... ... Honolulu May 8
Newport Panama & Way Ports. . May 8
Guntomala — Valparaiso & ¦ Way Ports May !•
New-burg..... Grays Harbor IMay i)
North Fork.. Humboldt ..|May n
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria |May 10
Pent .... . China & Japan IMay 10
Lakme... Portland & Astoria |May 10
Ventura :. Sydney & Way Ports.. .IMay VI
Queer. i Puget Sound . Ports |May 12
Steamer.
From.
Is.
Humboldt Skagway & Way Ports. P.Iay 4
City Topeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. May B
Chico ;.. Sunrise & "Hope" . City. May 5
Farallon Skagway & Way : Ports. May 6
Bertha.....'.-. Cooks Inlet & Way Pta. May 10
Al-Kl. ....-.;. Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Dlrlgo..". .... Skagway & Way Ports. May 1:1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. May 15
Santa Ana . . . Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 15
3 Time Time Time Time
s Ft.. Ft. Ft. Ft.
»j l;w h w lw . h w
2 0:51 2.6 6:37 3.0 12:55 1.5 7:48 5.0
3 1:4S 2.0 7:48 4.1 1:42 1.6 8:24.5.1
4 2:35 1.4 S:56 4.4 2:28 1.8 8:58 5.3
5 3:1S| 0.8 9:58 4.6 8:13 1.0 9:30 6.5
6 4:00| 0.1110:54 4.7 3:5S 2.1 10:10 5.7
7 4:4SI— 0.4|ll:49 4.8 4:42 2.4110:50 5.8
$> r.:r,f!|— 0.7112:44 4.S 5:2S 2.6 11:39 5.8
!» 6:25|— O.8| 1:3S| 4.8 6:17 2.8
'ADVERTISEMENTS^^
3??^^?^ Beer stored
J/^^^^ and maturing ;
till mellowed
' and ripened
into wholesomeness is "on
lag^r." All Anheuser=Busch
beers are thus "lagered" until
perfect for use.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass f n
St. Louis. U. S. A. V, V
. Brewers of the famous Budwelser. Michelob. BlacK & Tan, Faust,
Pale-Laser. Anheuser-Standard. Export Pale and Exquisite.
All ordern promptly filled toy
E. G. LYONS & BAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
advertisements:
Contracted Disorders
¦¦¦^Bg|k ¦'" Thoroughly
WB / Syw P rom ptly
%^4&;%< i rjJB^ '^ The treatment that
I 'S^^wk' ' *ur*s thoroucrhly
fv *^^*i4W^f al9 ° ourps prompt -
/ | V^^*5^J5S^^ ly. This is a. scl-
. y\ /"7 - J >^~ cntlfic truth-sthat
/A J\ w "i ' appeal V ¦/ to
/ vv. -*^f \ V « v *rybody's reason.
/ f^y^^fiMf " \ A My treatment for
/ V^S JF t^ contracted dlsor-
\ Vffil / ders stamps out all
'*TBV infection and '¦¦ in-
O. C. JOSLBISi, M. D., flammation beforo
The Leading Specialist. ¦ It can reach an
" a^cravat.'d . sta?Q
or pxtend to, the vital nerve centers of the
organic pystpm. In the remedies used ar.d
in tj:o - t!ioroughnp«3 of my method of ap-
plication, 'I have attained a degree of'p<^r-.
ffctlon that insures absolutely: r/erfect r«.~
•cult? . in >the' briefest ' possible time, thus
avoiding all danger : • of those serious com- ¦
; plications that bring endless • suffering and
total or partial loss of power. ¦:
I treat all diseases, of. men.- and. offer
consultation t free • at office or ; by. mall.
'..AVrltc for my . pamphlet. . "Live All .Your
Years a Man." ¦
DR. O. CTUOSLEN;
1049; Market Street, '
~ ; Diagonally. Opposite Hlbernla~. Bank." .
k'nis signature is on every box of the genuine
Brpmo-Quimne T»wet*
>ur* remedy that enres a cold in oae day.
EAILWAY TBAVZIfc
SOUTHERN^ PACIFIC
Trains lea^aan^reda^toarrl.. at
/Main Line. Toot of Market Street )
IJATB — F»OM APBIL 20. 1902. — AM1TB
~ 7.00a. Benicla, Suisun, Elmir* and Sacr*- *
mento 5l=i
7.00*. V«c»TtUo, 'Winters. Ramsey........ JXor
7-3CU MerUnez, San Ramon, V«UeJo,
Kspa. Call»tog», Santa Ros» 6 ZoF
I 00a DmTis, Woodland, Knights Landlnjr,
Mary«vllle, OrovHle 7X5r
8.00a Atlantic Express-Ogden and Ea»t. 8.25a
8.00a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton 7.ZSP
8.00a Jflles. Mendota,' Hanford, Vlsalla.
. Portervllle 4 55*
8.30a Sh«»ta Express— Darin. Williams
(for Bartlett eprlngs), "Willow*.
Red Bluff, Portland 7.65»
8.30a San Jose, Uverraore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento, Placervllle,
Mary stIII e. Chlco, Red Bluff 4-25*
8.30a OakdaIe,Chinese,Sonora,Tuolumne 4.25F
B.OOa Vallejo- 12^5»
1.00 a Los Angeles Expreis — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop,Stockton,Merced.
¦ Kaymond, Fresno and Los Angeles 825 a
8.30a Vallfjo. Martinez and Way Station! 7.55F
tiO.OOA Hayward. Xileaand "W.ay Statloai.t12.55r
10.00a The OTerland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 6.25r
tl-OOF Sacramento River Steamers tll-CUJ'
3.C0F Brnlcla. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodlandf Knights Landing.
MarysTille. OtotIHo 10.65a
S30r Hayward,XileaandWay Sutloni.. 7.55F
4.00P Martlne2,8anRamon,ValleJo,Nap*,
Calls toga. Santa Eoaa 5"S? A
400r ITllea, Llrermore, Stockton, Lod».. 12.25P
4.30F Hsyward.Xlles.SanJose.Ltvermore t8.65A
4^0f The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Saugus for Sanu
Barbara, Loa Angeles 8.55a
6-OOf PortCosta,Tracy.Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6.00f Jlartlnes, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
eed, Raymond, Freano... Iz-ZSF
t5-30r KUea Local 7.25a
6-OOp Hsyward, Nllcs and Saa Jose 7-SSa
tB.OOr Vallejo 1125a
S.OOf Oriental Mail— Ogden. Denrer,
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago 425?
7.00p San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and \\<*y Stations 11.25a
t74Jf> Vallejo 7.65f
805p Oregon <fc California Expreia— Sac-
ramento, MarysTille, Redding,
Portland. Puget Sound and Eaat. 8-55a
O.10F Hayward and XUea tii-SSA
COAST LINE (Sarr»w 9u$«)>
(Foot ot Market Street.)
' 17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion 18.0&F
8.15a Kewark, CentervlUe, Saa Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 5 50P
t2-15r Kewark, Centerrllle, San Jose,
New Almaden, ielton. Boulder
Creek. Sanu Cvuz and Principal
Way Stations «. IO.BCa
4.15p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos *850*
. >4.1gr San Jose. Los Gatoa. Sanu Crnz... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
. From SAK FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— tT: 15 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 300 5.1a P.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tS:0O W-00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 2.00 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
(Third ana Townaend Street*.) '
6.10a San Jose ana Way SUtloni 6.40a
t700A San Jooe and Way Stations ... +800*
7.00a New AlTnaden.. y4.10p
17.15* Monterey Excursion iS-SCr
8.00a Coaot Line Limited — San Joae.
Gllroy, Salinan, San Luis Obispo.
Santa Barbaaa, Loa Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. ID 45/
9-OOa San Jose, Trrs Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10p
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations......... 8-36a
11.30a. San Jose and Way Stations 9.46a
c).3Cp San Jose and Way Stations a 7. OOP
t2.46p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Sanu Clara, San Jose,
. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove... t10-45a
3-30p San Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
t Santa Cruz and Way Stations.... 730p
M.15p San Jose and PrtncipalWay Station* 530p
tS.OOF San Jose. Lo* Gatos and Principal
WaySUtlons *9 00*
5-30p San Jose and PrincipalWay Stations 8-30F
6.30 p San Jose and Way buttons... 7.30P
7.00? New Orleans Express — San Lnta
Ob!«po, SanU Barbara, Los An-
geles, Demlng, El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East. 10 30a,
o11.45p San Jose and WaySUtlons
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
- « Saturday only. c Monday only.
» Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
BjnJ»v nnlx.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. COl
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO ANi) NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPA5T.
Tlbnron Ferry, Foot ot Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 d. m. •
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 8:20 r, m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAK FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— €:10. 7:60. 9:20. llUO *. m.;
12:45. 3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
trips at 1:55 and. 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 0:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m.
" Leave I In Effect I Arrivo
San Francisco. I Apr. 28. 1001 [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I , Sun- I Week
Cays. I days. | Destination | daya. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
8:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. 6:03pm 10:25am.
5:10pm 5:00pm SanU, Rosa. .7 :35pm 6:20pm
Fulton.
7:30am Windsor. 10: Clam
5:00pm Healdaburg, 10:40am
Lytton, .
GeyserviUe,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:33pm 6:20pin
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am[10:25am
S:C0am GuernevlUe. 7:35pm
8:30pm 5:00pm | 8:20pm
7:30am S:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 8:20pm
7:30ara| 8:00amj ~ ]10:40am|10:25am
3 :30pm I 6:C0pm| Sebastopol. f 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs: at Cloverdal*
for tha Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Eprlngs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley
John Day's. -Riverside. Lierley*s, Bucknell**!
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, On-s Hot Sprinira.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. Westport Usaf
Willits. Laytonville, Cummins. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates. ¦ - .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates, '
Ticket off.ee. 650 Market street. Chroniel*
building.
H. C. WHITING. „ R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ast.
HOUNT TAMALPA15 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausallto Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St.- San Fran.
5:15p - SSa- g»; 5:55P -
::'.:r.: "Iso V. "T»na of nmm- $$> I'. "Z~Z
......... 2:S0 p. 0pm«iiui«j«»iMw4, 8:15 p £-*
SATURDAYS 0!lU-l»*.« T«.«n *» ». «m. S.n ?nuetsr> H3i r.
. Ticket 03c... 6-J1 MACKBT STREF.T »nd 3AISAUTO FERHT.
Weekly Call,§1.00 per Year
" ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fVIM VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
v/orst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoklnsr. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency. ¦ Lost
Power Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Bacic Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, . nr Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *"J SB vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are 2?mmTm immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote «-.E«x» ncy to every func-
tion. Don't »?et despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore, small, undeveloped orRans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
monev refunded with G boxes. Circulars free.
¦Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third st.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
$BUSEUy OF ANATOMY^
\ XS/ , T^ e La»u«t Acatomiul Museum in the \
« jjJJvji Vforid. VVeaines-.es of any contracted A
\ VK3&& disease poalllwrlj coreMl by the oldest T
0 fftgagB Specialist on the Coast. Esc 36 years. C'
A tegS DR * JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ t \5j**i*a Consultation free and itrietly pririte. \
V n JKrat H TrMllntri1 p:rsonilly or by l-:ter. A B
f 11 TnH Poritiv» Curt in eyery case naderuk en. \
A & 1 ll » Write for Book. PUILOSOPOV of A
" I 1^ HABIUAGE. MAILSO FREE. fAf
\ (£ (£ book for mrn ) \
" D& JORDAN A CO.. 1051 ifarfeptSt..S. F. V
DR.P1ERCES I
MEDICAL
OiSCCIVERV
FOR THE
1 BLOOD,LIVER,HJNGS»|*
,
WONG WOO,
Cy CHINESE TEA AND HERB
ll-* / SANITARIUM.
¦ J&0\ 764-66 Clay St., S. R, Cal.
A DISEASES CURED
fBVfSSmX»* - r\ exclusively by Chinese
herbs." over 3000 varieties being used. Hours.
9:30. to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m. .
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Lgave Market-street Ferry Depot.
~~ ! Local LinVd Ovrl'd Ixical
Daily Daily Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a SrOO p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 r 7:18 p .
•'¦Merced.. 12:25 p -1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 r>
•' Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
•• Hanford. 3:12p 3:27p S:05a
"Vlsalla.. 3:39 p 5:00a
••Eakersfld 8:15 p 5:20p 7:45 a
>' " Kan. City 2:40.a 7:30a..
"'Chicago.. ....... 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is tha California Lim-
ited' carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
' Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local nrst-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4 -20 p. m is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
n m. daily. .
8 P rn. is the Overland Express, -with
through and Tourist . Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to' Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San.Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland ; l—,^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^—.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry,
V Commcnclnc April 27. 1302.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL, j
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, "7:43, 8:45, 3:30. 11:00
a m. 12:20. M:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. »6:15,
6-45 9:45, 11:45 -p. m. J:45 a. m. does not
riin 'to Mill Valley. 1
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, •9:00. '10:00, 11:00.
11-30 a m., 12:30, «l:30, 2:30, '3:45, 5:00, 6:00.
7:30. 9:15. 11:45 d. m. ¦• _
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20, »6:20. 7:40. 8:15. »9:3U,
11:00 a. m., 12:25. 2:15, »3:30. 4:10, 5:30, 6:13,
1? s\jND AY'S— 6:00, *S:00, 0:30, •11:00 a. m..
•1200 m.. 1:00, 2:15, »3:30. 4:15. *3:45, 6:45,
7:30. 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40 7:45. 8:25, 9:45.
11:10 a. m., 12:35. 2:15, 3:50, 5:10. 5:20, 7:10.
1 10:15 p. m. •
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55. 10:03, 11:10 a, m.,
12:15. 1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:05. 7:15. 10:46
.f'- 111 " :'{ THROUGH TRAINS. -
7:45 a. m. week days— -Cazadero and way
stations.. •' ;. :
-3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.
5:15- p. m. -week days (Saturdays excepted)
— Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a.- m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. ¦ . ¦
> 10:00 a.: m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal, Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday- time.- . . ' . ,
lk^r-xr-1 FollOW
jSm the
. And Trayel via the
WabashLine
. ' They have the finest tourist car service from
Chicago to Boston and New York points.
'ROSS C. CL1NB. P. C. P. Ast... Los An-
geles. ¦ Cal. _ . .
' C. S. CRANE. Q. P. Agt. St. Louis. Mo.
a Dr; Gibbon's Dispensary,'
62!> KriliXV ST. Established
In 183-1 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manbnixl. - Dehlllty or
dheasp wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswhen
others fall. Try him. « "barges low.
CnmcnnmnUrd, Call or write.
Dr. J. F. CIIBBUX, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
always indicate a weak heart
They are usually preceeded or
followed by palpitation or flut-
tering, and there may be pain
in left side, a smothering sen-
sation and shortness of breath.
Such a heart should be treated
at once, before the disease de-
velops beyond control. Heart
disease is as easily cured as other
troubles if taken in time. k:
"I was subject to fainting j
f pel Is, and many times I have >
lallen on the street. 1 was often ',
compelled to si t down while \ralk-
; ing to avoid falling. Whenphysi-
cians failed to help me, I took :
Dr. Miles' Heart Cure and \ras :
completely cured." i
Chakles D. Randali* *•
EUicottville, K. 3 %
D«. Miles* I
Hea«t Gtsfei
is especially adapted to remove
all irregularities of the heart's
action. Sold by druggists on
guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkharfc, Ini
AUTOMATIC SHELL EJECTING
—^ „ . 22 cr 38 Caliber. $3.75
llWYulVwi Guns ' FlEhlng Tackle
¦ £end tor Catalogue.'All quotations remain as before. Bran and
Middlings are very steady, while Hay is weak.
BRAN— $17 60@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $20 50@21 per ton. 1 ¦;'«>*•
- FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20 50@21 60
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Job
bing, $20 50Q-27 ; Cocoanut Cake, f 205)21 ; , Corn
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75 usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 4O@3 50-
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3@
• MILLBTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the, trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $4; Oat Groats/ $5 25; Hominy. $4@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
AVheat. $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $1125: Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@0; In
sacks, $C85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
Provisions were supposed to have been ma
nipulated again to-day by packers. Offerings
were scarce, packers bought heavily . through
brokers and prices Jumped upward., July nork
closed 17%c up. lard 10@12y a c higher. and ribs
10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
6teady; No. 3 spring wheat, 73 %c; No. 2 red'
85c; No. 2 corn. 62V4c; No. 2 yellow, 63%c- No
2 oats, 43@43i/ic; No. 2 white. 44%@45%c- No
a white, 44045c; No. 2 rye. 68 %c; fair to choice
malting barley, 66@70%c : No. 1 flax 'seed
$1 68; No. 1 Northwestern.. $1 79; prime timothy
need, $7 10@7 20; mess pork, per bbl, $16 75<a
10 SO: lard, per 100 lb«, $10 06@10 07%: short
rlb sides (loose), $9 40(S9 t*5; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 7%68c; «h. or t clear sides (boxed),
The sales of stocks and bonds on the Stock
and Bond Exchange in April were as follows:
Tcmpr-rattiM flt 7 a. m., 50.
tnUTHEB CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The prct=«ure fcaji risen slowly during the past
tv.-«=rty-four hours ovrr the northern half of
th» Pacific Coa<t. The-c: Jms been a marked
fall over Utah an<1 Colorado and high win<ls
ferr blowing pcnerally in the mountain region.
Hain ha.« fallen generally over Washington,
Orruon e.nA rxlrcrne Northwfstrrn California.
The tomreraturr continued about 12 degrees
below the normal in Ike great vaHeyn of Cali
fornia.
Forecast MU0* nt Pan Francisco for thirty
tours, undine midnight. May 2. 1902:
Northern Caiifcrrlc — Fair Friday; fresh west
erly winrt.
Southern California — Fair Friday; fresh
TJort!:r-rly trJniJ.
Nevada — Kalr Friday; warmer;- brisk west
erly winds.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13% c for light medium, 14%c for light
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured :
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $9@9 50 per
bbl; extra Mess. $10@10 50; Family, $11® 11 5o
prime Mess Pork, $15 50@10; extra clear $"3 :
Mess. $18 60@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 !50 :
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef'
ia%@14c. per lb. .. « •
LARD — Tierces quoted at 814 c per. lb for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels
pure, 12Vic; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 6-lb tins, I2%c'
3-lb tins, 12%c. > •-.-.. " '
, COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%o: two
tierces, 10c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. .
Hides, Tallow , Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 1 %c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium, 9©9%c; light, S@S%c;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and 8@S%c'for Hghf
Stajfs, C@6%c; Salted Kip. 8@8%c; Salted Veal'
W®U%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls
14c; Dry KID, 13c: Dry Calf, 18c; Culls and
Brands, 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@30c
each: short Wool. 35©li0u each; medium, am
76c; long Wool, 00c©$l- 10 each; Horsa Hldeb
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 60 for me
dium, $1 for smalland 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large. $1 2501 50 for me
dium. $1> for small and 50c for Colta. Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry: salted Mexi
can. 25c; dry Central American, 32% c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c: medium,' 35c. '--.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%®6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c. •¦-... •
.WOOL— Spring — Northern' free, 14®16c: do,
defective, 13(g>l 4c; Middle county free, 13@15c:
do, defective, 12#13c; Southern, 12 months, 0@
10c; do,. 7 months, J>@llc; Foothill, ll@13c;
Nevada, 12®15c per lb. ,. .• . -.
Chicago was much higher, but receipts of
Hogs, are again increasing there. This market
continues inactive at previous prices. ,
Provisions.
STOCK AND BOND SALES-
THE COAST RECORD.
Morning 1 Session.
1000 Apollo 20
1000 Four 55
, 50 Kern, b 30 5 00
3C0 Lion 07
400 Reed Crude 32
100 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 37 VJ
25 San Joaquin OH & Dev 7 35
100 Sovereign 33
550 Sovereign 34
300 Sterling, cash 1 65
100 Sterling 1 67»4
200 Sterling, b 30 1 70
* Afternoon Session.
" Board — „ ',- -
4 Hanford 83 00
3 Hanford 82 00
200 Home ••• 3 63
200 Monarch of Arizona 16
100 Monte Cristo, b 30 1 47Ji
100 Monte Cristo 145
1000 Occidental of W Va 19
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 37 Vi
40 San Joaquin Oil & Dev. b 10..... 7 25
650 Sovereign, b 10 35
1000 Sterling, b .10 170
: MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
; - Morning Session. ¦ 7" t ;-'
300 Andes 05 400 Mexican ..... to
800 Best & Bel... 27 200 Ophir 1 95
500 Caledonia ... 53 100 Overman .... 25
300 Chollar 18 1600 Potosi 31
ICO C C & Va 1 65 1500 Savage IS
ICO C C & Va.~..l 70 H0O t T nion Con... 29
30O Gould & Cur. 13 200 Union Con... 2S
200 Gould & Cur. 19 100 Utah t\ 01
SCO Mexican 64l
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Bel... 28 1 300 Savage 17
CCO C C & Va 1 70 200 Sierra Nev... 2!»
90O Mexican 66 100 Sierra Nev... 30
5CO Occidental ... 14 200 Union Con... 20
13C0 Ophir J.2C5 300 Union Con... SO
300 Potosi v . 30 SCO Utah 04
: 200 Savage 16
The following were the sales In the Paclfio
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 05 200 Ophir 193
600 Best & Bel... 28 300 Ophir 1 90
- 200 Best & Bel... 29 200 Ophir 1 92VS
6C0 C C & Va. . . .1 65 400 Potosi 30 .
500 Gould & Cur. 1* 200 Sierra Nev... 2V>
300 Mexican ..... 65 500 Silver Hill...- 50
~40p Mexican ..... 64 300 Silver Hill. .. 4!>
COO Mexican ' 63 300 Union Con... 20
300 Mexican 66 1000 Utah 04
200 Occidental ... 141
; '. Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Bel... 29 300 Ophir 195
600 Chollar ...-...- 10 200 Ophir 2 05
300 Chollar 20 ECO Ophir 2 10
300 C C & Va..l 67% 600 Overman .... 28
200 C C & Va. . . .1 70 1500 Savage 16
200 Crown Point. 10 200 Sierra Nev... 29
; 300 Gould & Cur. 20 300 Sierra Nev... 30
SOO Gould & Cur. 21 50O Silver Hill... 47
2UO Mexican 67 SCO Union Con. . . 30
200 Mexican 65
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THTJRSDAT, May 1 — * p. m.
Bid. Ask., . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 05 07
Alta 03 05 Kentuck 01 03
Andes C5. OOXady Wash.. — 04
Belcher 09 ltti Mexican ..... 65 6«
• Best & Bel... 2.S 29 j Occidental ... 14 15
Bullion 02 03 Ophir .......2 00 2 05
Caledonia ... 50 54 Overman .... 24 2tf
Challenge ... ll> 21 Potosi 31 32
Chollar 19 20 Savage .*^15 1«
Confidence 60 62'Scorpion ..... — 04
C C & Va....l 65 1 70lSeg Belcher.. — Ott
Con Imperial. — 02!3lerra Nev... 29 30
Con N T — 02jSllver Hill... 47 .40
Crown Point. C9 10 St Louia — OS
Eureka Con.. • 18 — | Syndicate ... — OS
Exchequer ... — 01 Union Con..." 29 3O ¦
Gould & Cur.. 19 . 20 Utah 04 05
Hale & Nor.. 21 23 Tel Jacket... 12 14
Julia — : &4
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, May 1—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
mcrted from stations In California to-day:
Eureka. 54: Fresno 74; Los Angeles. 66: Rwl
Wthstt, 02; San Luis Obispo. CO; San Diego 6*;
Sacramento. <I2; Independence, 74; Turn, »2.
fear. Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
67; minimum, 50; mean. 54.
Weather Report.
There was good action and some excitement
in oata when It was learned that the leading-
May' bull took all the COO, 000 or 700,000 bushels
deliveries for cash. The May situation is again
worrying the shorts. July closed strong lc
up, at 37%c. . •
Corh dragged, but was held steady by wheat
and oats. July closed firm, %c up,' at C3%@
CHICAGO, May 1. — Wheat ruled uniformly
strong throughout the session. The news of
rains In the Northwest and the Southwest and
lower cables Induced some early selling, but
when it was seen that May deliveries "amount
ing to 2,000,000 bushels were readily taken up
by shippers and carriers and that there was
still a strong cash demand prices began to
advance steadily. Minneapolis was very strong
and prices there advanced 2c and imparted
much strength to the Chicago market. Coun
try offerings were still small and there was
no selling pressure after the advance began.
All 'these bullish factors taken In considera
tion pushed July to 77%c. after an opening Uc
lower to unchanged at 75%c to 75%c. Some
long lines were liquidated for profits, but the
market stood the sales well. July closed stronz
1!4®1%c up at 76%@77c. *'
Chicago Grain Market.
There is nothing new to report, beyond some
dnmago to t"he Santa Clara Prune crop by
blight In several sections. ' ,' Its extent and
seriousness are not yet determined. *
'OFRUITS — Apricots, 9@>10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moprparks; Evapor
ated Apples, 8@9c;- sun dried, 5c; Peaches, 6%
@S}ic; Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted, 5@Gc; uh
pltted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c for red
and 5%@0c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5%®Cc for wbjte. r
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's. t>i4@6%c; 40-50's, D@5i4c; 50-60's 4VV
@4%c; CO-70's, 4@4V4c; 70-80' s, 3V>@3%c; S0
90"s. 3@3%c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crowh, Sc; 2-crown 6V1
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown and
6ftc for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c-
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7®
8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials, $3-
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@135. , - •
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll%c- No
2, 0%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c; No. 2, 7c;
Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, ¦ 9@10c for
softshell and 0@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5®
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONET— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 0®llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
6%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark 4c
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. .*.'
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
On the morning session of the Bond Ex
change Pacific Gas Improvement advanced
again to $42. Otherwise there was no change.
On the Oil Exchange Sterling advanced to
$t 70.
There were no changes worthy of note In
the afternoon. V ' '"¦
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Peerless Oil. 5c, or $5000; Sacramento - Gas and
Electric. 15c. or $27S0. • .
The following were ex-coupon yesterday:
United States Government 4s, 1025, regular
quarterly, $1.39G,186: United States Govern
ment 3s. 190S, regular quarterly. • $731,731 20;
Southern Pacific Railroad Company 1st con
solidated, guaranteed, gold. 5s, 193.7, semi-an
nual, $170,225; Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany 1st consolidated (stamped), 5s, 1905-1937,,
semi-annual. $510,500; Spring A r alley Water
Company, 2d mortgage, 4s, 1906, regular quar
terly. $50,000; Edison Light and Power 6s,'
•quarterly: Sacramento Electric, Gas and Rail
way 5s, semi-annual.
' The following oil dividends were paid in
April: Four. $3000; Home, $7500; Imperial
$20,000; San Joaquin, $5000; Thirty-three. $10 -
000; West Shore. $5O00;-Unlon, $(J7,500; United
Petroleum, $33,030. . , . ,
The following^ — quotations for the Unfted
Railroads of San Francisco were received yes
terday from New Tork by Bolton. De Ruyter
& Co.: Common stock, $25 75@26 25; prefer
red, $00@C1; 4 per cent bonds. $91 and inter
est; subscriptions, $101 75@102 50. .
The Pacific Auxiliary . Fire Alarm Company
has declared a quarterly dividend of 5c per
share, payable May 13.
The California Wine Association will pay
the usual monthly dividend ' of 60c per share
May 10. . v*"
The directors of the newly incorporated City
and County- Bank of this city have organized,
by' electing A. J. Lowenberg president, L. V?
Merle vice president and A. Tonne" secretary
and cashier. The bank expects to commence
business about July I in the district south of
Market street, between Fifth and Ninth. It
will be a commercial bank, with a savings de
partment. The capital is $250,000, of which
$125,000 has been paid. up. . ¦
CALL BOARD SALES. - , \.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales '\*
Second session — December — 200O ctls 7So
10.WK), 78%c; 4000, -78 Vic: 2000, 78%c.
• Regular Morning Session — No sales. ' ¦¦
• Afternoon Session— May — 2000 ctls, 91 "ic
December— 14,000. 78%c. . * '
OATS— Chicago reported the weather more
favorable for Oats, j The San Francisco market
continues firmly held, but dull.
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites. $1 30©l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black. $1 12%@i 32U. rtd
$1 8C01 42% per ctl. ¦¦••¦' '
CORN— May deliveries at Chicago yesterday
were 2,000,000 bushels. .
The crop was reported looking well j n th«
South with a large acreage in the North
This market was quiet and firm. . * . ;
lArge Tellow. $1 37%@1 47%; small round
do $1 4001 50; White, $1 50@l CO. ,
RTE— 90<??05c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 76 per
ctl. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
18,000 ctls $1 09; COOO, $1 08%; 2000, $1 09%.
Second SeEsion— May— 2000 ctls. $1 11% ; 2000
$1 11%. ' December— 10,000, ?1 00%; 8000!
$1 09%; 10,000, $1 00%.
• Regular Morning Session — December — 10 000
ctlB- SI 10: 4000. $1 09%; 10,000, $1 00%. May
—4000, $1 11%.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, $1 11%.
D^e-mber — 4000, $1 00%: C000. $1 10.
BARLET— Previcu3 quotations rule, with a
quiet market. Holders are firm in their views
and make no concessions. ¦¦
Feed, 92%@95c for No. 1 and 90@91%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades 950
07 %c; Chevalier, $1@1 20.
WHEAT — Chicago was much firmer, selling
from 75%@77Vic. Paris futures were nigher
and Liverpool futures lower.
Crop and weather reports continued to govern
Chicago. There was a good cash demand and
about 200 loads were worked for export. About
2,000,000 bushels of May wheat were delivered.
St. Louis bought and there was an urgent cash
demand in all markets. The Northwest was
strong and Minneapolis was ViC above Chicago.
It was tha opinion that there would be a pinch
for supplies later on, with ."fireworks" .in July
deliveries. The May deliveries at Minneapolis
were about l.GOO.OCO bushels, and all of It was
sent to the millers.
There were rains in tho Northwest and South,
and the worst sand storm ever known prevail
ing over Kansas. . One of the largest Kansas
millers wired that the State would not yield
over 30,000,000 bushels, and that all hope for
the State was gone. Four counties that raised
11,000,000 bushels last year reported a condi
tion of 30. Illinois reports were good. Tho
Cincinnati Price Current said: "The growing
crop hap been benefited by the rains, and now
looks well, except in Kansas and Nebraska."
This market was firm and higher, both on and
off call. Freights were firmer at 25s 6d bid
and 26s 3d asked.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 ll>i@l 12%; mill
ing, $1 13% @1 15 per cental. ,
Wheat and Other Grains.
STOCK MARKET,
The Doric took out a treasure list of $55,
251, consisting of $3316 in Mexican dollars and
$51,935 in silver bullion. ,
Sterling Exchange, CO days..... — $4 86*4
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New Tork Exchange, sight — . 15
New Tork Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce — f>1
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
NEW TORK. May 1. — The evaporated apple
market is unchanged In almost every particular.
Business is light, but values are steady. State,
common to good, 7@8%c; prime, 9%@9iic;
choice, 9%@10c; fancy, 10%@llc.
Prunes are generally steady. Peaches and
apricots are moving fairly well.
PRUNES— 3%@6%c.
APRICOTS — Boxed, 10%@14c; bags, 10%@
12c. • .
PEACHES — Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled, 8@llc.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW TORK, May 1.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,284; exports, 14,000 barrels. More active.
WHEAT— Receipts, 213,525; exports, 224,000.
Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 8S%c elevator; No. 2 red,
90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth.
01%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba.
88%c f. o. b. afloat. Opened a shade easier
because of lower cables and a favorable weather
map. Wheat developed a reaction that late in
the day became pronounced, sending July be
yond 82c. Very strong Northwest markets and
a bullish statistical position were the buying
moves. The market closed strong, 1%@1%c net
advance. July, SO 15-lC@82%c, closed 82%c;
September. 80 5-16@81 l-16c, closed Sl%c.
HOPS — Firm.
WOOL — Quiet.
HIDES — Quiet.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 Invoice,
5 7-ltic. Mild, quiet; Cordova, 8V4@12c. Fu
tures closed steady, net unchanged to 6 points
higher. Total sales. 20,000 bags. Including:
May, 5c; July 5.20c; September, 5.35@5.40c; De
cember, 5.60<35.65c.
SUGAR — Raw, steady; fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined, firm.
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $l@l 75
for standard. $1@2 25 for choice and $2 2u@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings
$1 25@2;. Mediterranean Sweets, $1@2 50; Va
lenclas, $2 75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2@3;
Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25
@1 50 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l for com
mon and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and $2@
2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $1@2 50, Includ
ing seedless; Mexican . Limes, $4 50@5; . Bana
nas, $2 25@3 per bunch for New Orleans and
$1 25@2 25 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, per
dozen. ¦ ¦
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and COc@$l for or
dinary: fancy from Australia, $2 50 per box.
STRAWBERRIES — LongWorths, $8@11 per
chest; Malidinas. $4@6 per chest and $l@l 25
per crate.
The large offerings of poor grades of Oranges
at the auction sales recently have a tendency
to weaken the market and fancy stock is dull
at, present, even on the small sizes. Only two
cars are announced for to-day's auction. Other
fruits were unchanged. The Panama steamer
brought up 482 boxes Mexican Limes and 84
crates Pineapples.
Offerings of Strawberries were in better con
dition than they were on the previous day and
better prices were realized all 'around. Long
worth3 from Bouldln Island continue to come
In green and are sold every day at the bottom
quotations.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks-... 13,<V40IPotatoes, sks... 5,105
Oats, ctls SCO Onions, sks 44
* : : *
Flour, qr sks... 8,256 Middlings, ska.. 191
Wheat, ctls 5.312 Wool, bales.... 954
Barley, ctls 6,215 Flax Seed, sks.. 42
pats, ctls 595 Tallow, ctls 243
Potatoes, sks... 1,110 Pelts, No 657
Beans, sks '.. O2 Hides, bdls..... .24G
Onions, sks 250 Lime, bbls 1S2
Bran, sks 370 Wine, gals 67,700
Straw, tons.... '10 Powder, car.... 1
Hay, tons 416 Sugar, ctls 2,534
FOR THURSDAT, MAT 1.
Receipts of Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 1.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances in the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $184,739,983; gold, $92,945,£86.
LONDON, May 1.— Silver, 23 7-16d. French
rentes, lOlf 5c. Cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady: cargoes No. 1 Standard California, 30s
l%d; English country market, firm.
LIVERPOOL. May 1. — WHEAT — Steady; No.
1 Standard California, Gs 4d@0s 4%d; wheat in
Paris, firm; flour in Paris, firm;, French country
markets, -firm.
COTTON— Uplands 1 .' C%d. v "* "*' ~~ "
Foreign Markets.
NEW TORK, May 1. — Money «on call, strong
at G@15 per cent; closed, offered at 0 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4®4% per cent. Ster
ling exchange, easier, with actual business in
barkers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
$4 Sr.',4 for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 SGI?
4 £<•% and $4 S8%@4 89. Commercial bills,
?4 S4%@4 S5%. Bar silver, 50%c. Mexican
dollars, 41c.
Bonds — Governments, easy; States, inactive;
railroads, irregular. - •
New York Money Market.
SEATTLE. May 1.— Clearings, $45S,675; bal
ahefs. $110,266. * t
TACOMA. May 1.— Clearings, .$171, 565; bal
ances. $31,143. >
PORTLAND, May 1.— Clearings, $340 2S8;
balances. $55,313.
SPOKANE. May 1. — Clearings, $2S4,140; bal
ances. $68,530. . .
Northern Business.
London Market.
LONDON. ' May 1. — To-day is a holiday on
the Stock Exchange.
FGGS— Ranch, 17%@18c for fancy and 15@
17c for fair to good; store, 14%@15c per dozen.
BUTTER — Creamery, 19c and occasionally
20c per pound, for fancy, 18@18%c for firsts
and 17%c for seconds: dairy, lt>@18c; store
Butter, 14(Q)l&c per pound.
CHEESE— New. 9@10c; old. 9@llc;. Toung
America, 8®10c; Eastern.-. 13@i5c per pound. .
Receipts were (i3,9C0 pounds. 1 keg. and 228
tubs of Butter, 1870 cases of Eggs, cases
of Eastern Eggs, 39,700 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
The firmness in Eggs continues and the mar
ket has advanced another fraction. Stocks are
not as excessive as. they have been, and the
demand Is good, both for ranch and store. The
exchange advanced its quotations to 15@16%c
for ranch and 14%c for gathered. , l
The situation In Butter remains the _ same,
tho market being largely stocked and weak,
with all the commission merchants and many
of the dairies briskly packing. It is reported
that San Francisco parties are paying more in
the country for Butter than it will bring on
this market.
Cheese continues in the same old rut, being
plentiful and weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
1 NEW TORK, May 1.— The cotton market
opened quiet, with prices 8 points lower to 1
point higher, and closed easy, 5 to 19 points
lower.
New York Cotton Market.
"The apprehension of gold shipments may
exert some influence upon the market, but
there is hardly any fear of the money situa
tion being seriously disturbed thereby, as anv
irold shipments will be more than offset by
the return of funds from interior points to this
city from this time on until we are reim
bursed for the money sent from here for crop
moving purposes laFt fall. This influx of funda
i.urht to make money easier and rates lower
during the summer months — that is, up to the
l>eg:nning of the next crop movement — say
about the middle of August. The stock market
cannot fail to be stimulated by easy money,
es that furnishes facilities to operators in the
carrying of their holdings. It may further be
eaid in regard to goM fchipments that, as pre
viously stated, now that there appears to be a
fubstantial basis for the belief in the end
ing of the South African war within a short
time, the resumption of the normal production
of gold in that section will produce easier con
ditions In London, and hence relieve consider
ably the strain upon this country. Meanwhile,
railroad earnings are phenomenally large and
Wall street ie in control of the situation — and.
Indeed, why should not Wall street control the
railroads? for it was through Wall street en
terprise and by the use of Wall street capital
most o* them were built."
•"It is evidently the conviction of present
leaders that easy money prospects, combined
with a continuance of railroad prosperity
"which is assured by the activity of general
business and the spread of the communiiy-of
ir.tprest idea) are a sufficient basis for a new
upward movement. In such plans they un
doubtedly have the cordial support of big
banking interests, who in turn have a double
interest In seeing a more active market; firct,
to facilitate th<? promotion of important deals
v.-hieh they have m contemplation, and. second.
to assist ;tra in a partial distribution of, their
present highly, .ojactutrated holdings. These
£re very powerful motives for stimulating ac
tivity; snd, now that the restraint of tight
money is removed, they are bound to exert their
Eway, TnrtwrthFtiina'ing -counter influences of
an unfavorable character. Rapid and advanc
ing fluctuations have h«d the usual effect of
increasing the outside interest, without which
a pood market Is impossible. At times there
have been heavy realizations, which served to
keep the market in a healthy condition and
admit of fresh buying. This selling has come
partly from outsiders, but chiefly from opera
tors who sold to take profits. There is, never
theless, a skeptical element in the street who
will sell at every good opportunity. These
parties take the view that prices are high'
enough, if not already too high; that threaten
ing legal questions affecting merger plans
hang over the market; that the crop situation
is not very promising, and that a trade reac
tion of more or less consequence cannot be far
distant, etc. There is considerable truth in
these objections; but apparently they do not
outweigh just now the forces on the other
side, which have been held in check ever since
the death of President McKinley. and which are
now enjoying their innings. A favorable eymp
tom is that speculation is largely confined to
railroad shares. Should it extend to the In
dustrials that would be a misfortune, and
"ould only end disastrously to the innocent out
siders who might be tempted in.
The New Tork circular of Henry Clews says:
"Conditions are favorable to an active stock
market for seme time to ccme. The most im
portant restraint upon speculation — a scarcity
of money — is being gradually removed, and the
various cliques and operators who have been
waiting months for favorable opportunities are
now doing their utmost to broaden and strenth
en the market. So far their efforts have met
with notable succcfs; and sufficient encour
agement has been forthcoming to warrant the
expectation that thefe who iead the present
movement will not surrender their advantage
until they have carried it as far as safety
l>ernuts.
OF PROSPECTS IN WALL STREET.
"WHAT A NEW TORK BANKER THINKS
Sanguine Views.
GAME — Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for
Cottontails and ¦ $1 for Brush; Gray Geese,
$2 50@3; White Geese, 75c@$l; Brant, $1 25
for small and $2 for large; English Snipe, $2 50
(S3; Jack Snipe, $1 50.
POULTRT— Lfve Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings. $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $4 50
@5 for old and $5 50@8 for young; Hens, $3 50
@4 50; young Roosters, $6@7 50; old Roosters.
$3 75@4; Fryers, $4 50(S550; Broilers, $3 50®
4 50 for large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons,
$1 75 per dozen for old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
Receipts of local Poultry were light and good
sized young ctock sold readily, but old Hens
and Roosters were dull: One car of Eastern
Hens came in and moved off slowly at easy
prices. *
There were no changes in Game. Receipts
were 9 sacks.
Poultry and Gaine.
Sales. Illzh. Low. Close.
Atchison 5.400 SI 60 . 80%
Atchison pfd 800 99 9S% 98*
Bait & Ohio 4,200 109% lOift ,10S'/ii
Bait & Ohio pfd 93
Canadian Pacific . 8,500 127% 125% 126%
Canada Southern".. 400 95% 95V t 94%
Chesap & Ohio 1,100 48 47% 47^
Chi & Alton 400 37% 37Vi 37
Chi & Alton pfd... 100 "tfii 7t>y t 70
Chi Ind & Louis... 9,700 72% 09% Tihi
Chi Ind & L pfd... 1,200 82% SI «2
Chi & E Illinois KitJ
Chi & G Western.. 11,000 28 27% 27%
Chi & G W A pfd. 700 90 S9% 8'J
Chi & G W B pfd. 300 48 47% 47
Chi & Northwest.. 2,900 270 2<J5 265
CRI&Pacifl:.... 1,400 179% 178% 17U
Chi Term & Trans. " COO -21% 20% 21%
Chi Term &. T pfd. 1,'JOO :m 38 1 /* 3&Vi
C C C & St Louis.. 300 100% 10«>i 10«
Colo Southern 1,100 31% 31 31
Colo South 1st pfd. 1U0 73% 73% 73-
Colo South 2d pfd. l»O0 45% 44% 44%
Del & Hudson 1,000 17UV4 178 178%
Del Lack & West 285
Denver & Rio G.. 300 43% 43% 43»/ t
Denver & R G pfd. 700 5»2 91 »i 92
Erie 7,200 39% 39 SO
Erie 1st pfd 1,200 7OV4 69% 69U
Erie 2d pfd ' 51%
Great North pfd 185'A
Hocking Valley ... 800 8t a$ 83%
Hocking Val pfd... 100 91% 91% 91%
Illinois Central ... 37,000 155% 153% 155%
Iowa Central 200 1H% 48% 48^1
Iowa Central pfd.. 800 88 88 87
K C Southern l,«00 2«V4 26 20«
K C Southern pfd. l,«O0 K>u. Btf« r.nu,
Lake Erie & West. 100 C7% 67% 67
Lake E & W pfd 12s
Louis & Nash 30,900 133% 132% 1.T2W
Manhattan L 400 135% 135 135
Metropolitan St Ry 1,400 152% 152 152
Mexican Central .. 2,000 28% 28% 28Vi
Mexican National . 4.S00 19% 19 Vi 19%
Minn & St Louis... 1.300 114% 114 114
Missouri Pacific .. 10,800 101% 100% 100%
H K & Texas 1,600 26% 2G 20
M K & T pfd 6,800 58% 57% 57%
N J Central 192%
N T Central 15.200 1<U% l«0Vi l«0%
Norfolk & West... 1,800 58% 58% 58
Norfolk ft W pfd.. 100 90% 90% 90
Ontario & Western. 4.300 34% ?.VA 34%
Pennsylvania 11,400 154% 152 153%
Reading 01,500 6R% 67% 67%
Reading 1st pfd .. 700 86% 80 86
Reading 2d pfd ... 4,000 72% 72% 72%
EC Louis & S F... 700 68% 67 68ii
St L & S F 1st pfd 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 300 7.1% 73% 73%
St Louis S W 400 29% 20% 28
Et L S W pfd 200 C0% 00% C0%
St Paul 85,200 175 173% 171
St Paul pM »00 194 193% 193
Southern Pacific... lO.ROO 67% <J0% 60%
Southern Ry 52.000 37% 3(1% 37 14
Southern Ry pfd... 1,500 90% 98 9<i
Texas & Pacific 2.900 4.1 42% 42%
Tol St L& Went..". ".00 22% 22 22
To! St L & W pfd. 300 40 39% 40
Union Pacific 22,r?00 105 Vi 104% 104 V t
Union Pacific pfd.. 600 RSV* 87% 87%
Wabash 2.400 27% 2(1% 26%
Wabash pfd 3,400 46% 45% 45%
Wheel & Lake Erie 4.200 23 22 22%
Wheel & L E 2d pi 500 37% 36Vi 36%
Wisconsin Central'. 300 27% 20% 20%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 49% 4»% 49
Express companies —
Adams .* .... 210
American .... 230
United States 118
WeH?-Fargo .... 210
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 5.S00 €0% C5% 65%
Am Car & Foundry C.SOO 31% 31 31
Am Car & Foun pf 200 91 fl0% 90U
Am Linseed Oil ... 1,400 27% 20% 2fi%
Am Linseed Oil pfd J00 57 57 55%
Am Locomotive ... lft. 400 34*i 33% ;a "
Am Locomotive nfd 2,700 95% 94 u. 04 ja
Am Smelt A Refln. 1,000 44% 43% 44^
Am Smelt & R pfd 800 96 95Vi 95%
Anaconda Mi n Co 112 '
Brooklyn Rap Tran 10.300 70 C9 6!Hi
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 32.200 WVi I0S14 105%
Consolidated Ga«.. 20.000 226% 225 225
Continental Tob pfd 12m
General Electric... 200 527 327 320
Hocking Coal ...:. 000 20% 20 20«i
Internet Paper 500 2114 21% 20%
Internet Pap pfd.. 400 74% 7414 741?
Internat Power 1,900 135 101 104
I>ac!ede Gas t .... '85
National Biscuit... 300 50 50 49%
National Lead .609 20% ,19%" -20-
National Salt ¦' 20
National Salt pfd..- ' : V«iO.v-
North American... COO 130 129 ,-129»4
Pacific Coast ....: CS
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
NEW TORK, May 1.— The volume of deal-
Ings fell off again in to-day's stock market
and the movement of prices of stocks Indi
cated much uncertainty and confusion of sen
timent. The flurry on call money to 15 per
cent would go far to explain the condition of
the market, but there were some supplementary
causes which were confusing and no doubt
had something to do with the rise in the
money rate. The preparation for the . May
disbursements, which are unusually heavy this
year, was of course the primary cause of the
constriction of the money supply, liut -such
a demonstration of instability as that in In
ternational 1-ower and a number, of other In
custrials, whose affairs are more or less
shrouded in mystery, yesterday and to-day had
the inevitable effect of Inducing closer scrutiny
of the character of collateral offered tor loans.
The May disbursements for dividends and in
terest are estimated at over $58,000,000 in
cluding the heavy payments lor United Stales
fcteel dividends. The sub-treasury operations
this week have taken from the banks over
?2.5C0,0OO, largely due to deposits to retire
bank circulation. There has been some de
mand from the interior, as shown by the drop
in New Tork exchange at Chicago to a dis
count. It is not strange,- therefore, in view
of the limited surplus of the banks that month
ly requirements should have sent the money
rate up to 10 per cent to-day. The rise in
the money market has had the effect of easing
the foreign exchange market, carrying it away
from the gold-export -point. The International
Power episode caused a decidedly feverish feel
ing among the obscure class of industrials
The higher grade stocks of this class were
Ies3 affected, although the United States Steel
recurities showed some depression, partly due
to some public discussion of a rather biting
character, of the financing corporation. Sugar,
Amalgamated Copper and People's Gas were
firm to strong. The grain-carrying railroads
started to advance on the over-nijjht reports
of showers in Kansas and the Northwest. • but
the advance was checked by the failure of
the train market to reflect any benefit- to
the crop*. There was large and concentrated
buying of St. Paul, which seemed to" be due
to' the advance in the dividend rate on North
ern Pacific from a 4 i>er cent to a <; per cent
basis. Another notable center of strength was
In the Southern trunk lines, which had no
ether explanation than the reports of very
light north and south traffic. The movement
affected Louisville and Nashville. Illinois Cen
tral, Chicago. Indianapolis and Louisville and
to a less extent Southern Railway. The fixing
of the May semi-annual dividend rate on Penn
sylvania at 3 per cent induced large buying cf
that stock and helped the other trunk lines.
The undecided question of the anthracite
miners' terms was a weight on that portion
of the market.' The closing was Irregular..
The bond market was irregular, in sympathy
with stacks. Total sales, $2,430,000.
United States new 43 declined % per cent
on the last call.
Nezv York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Julius Jacobs, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash on
hand in the Sub-Treasury April 30. 1902, as fol-
Iom-s:
Vrited States notes $4,119 00
Treasury notes of 1SS0 1S5 00
National bank notes 2.910 00
Gold certificates 2,770 00
Fiher certificates 43.908 00
Oold coin 27,028,964 74
Standard silver dollars S2.3S5.230 00
FubFid;ary. silver coin 500.S46 40
Minor coin 9.9S9 74
Fractional currency 11 50
Coupons . 1,120 90
Interest checks. miscellaneous
loans 606 50
Total $59,980, 7C1 78
Shipped in April —
Ftandard silver dollars $135.500 00
Fractional silver coin 101.4S0 00
Total .,. $230,980 00
Government Money Here.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4400. Market steady to
10c lower. Western lambs, $6@6 90; Western
sheep, $4 05®6 15.
HOGS — Receipts, 1400. Market 10@15c
lower. Light and light mixed, $6 70@7 02%;
medium and heavy. ?G 90@7 20; bulk of sales
$C 80@7 10.
ST. JOSEPH, May 1.— CATTLE— Receipts,
950. Market steady. Natives, $5@6 85; cows
and heifers, $1 25@6; veals, $3®3 75; stockers
and feeders, ' $2@5 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
SHEEP — Receipts, 9000. Sheep steady,
lambs strong. Good to choice wethers, $5 50®
6 10; fair to choice mixed, • $4 75@5 55; West
ern sheep, $5 25@<5 15: native lambs, $4 75®
6 60; Western lambs, $5 25@6 50.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 30,000; to-morrow,
3000; left over, 6500. Market 10c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $6 70@7 15;* -good to choice
heavy. $7@7 25; rough heavy, $6 75@7; light,
$6 50@6 90; bulk of sales. $6 80@7.
CHICAGO, May 1.— CATTLE — ReceipU,
C0O0, including 200 Texans. Market slow and
steady. Good to prime , steers, • $6 75@7 30;
poor to medium, $4 50@C 40; stockers and feed
ers, $2 50@5; cows, $1 45@5 75; heifers, $2 25
@6; canners, $1 40@2 40; ¦ bulls, $2 2'5@5 40;
calves, $2@5; Texas fed steers,' $5 25® (5 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
frc^^^win^ vMa^~^ Friday,
ALEXANDER G. McADIE, ":-
Forecast Official. '
Alaska Pack.161%162 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 103 Pac C Borx.l'S —
Cal Wine As.100% — Par Paint... 19 —
Oceanic S Co 31 —
Morning Session.
Board —
25 Alaska Packers* Assn 162- 00
30 Cal Wine Assn 101 00
60 Contra Costa Water 77 00
5IOOO Oceanic S S bonds 93 OO
60 Pacific Gas Imp 42 00
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 62V4
70S P Gas and Electric Co 45 75
$4000 S F & S J Valley bonds 121 OO
5 S V Water 82 25
60 S V Water 92 00
5 S V Water 02 12%
$1000 V S 3s (coup), cash .....108 30
¦ ¦ Afternoon Session.
Board — «. >. -j . . , -. ,->.J- .
10 Bank of California 427 00
25 Giant Powder Con 80 OO
$5000 Oakland Water 5s 104 00
10 Oceanic S S Co 32 00
$1000 Oceanic S S bonds 98 25
75 Pacific Gas Imp 42 00
$1000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 6a... 102 25
45 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 75
$5000 S P of Arizona (1909), b 5 113 75
55 S V Water 82 00
Street — *
110 Pacific Gas Imp 42 00
60 S F Gas and Electric Co. b 3... 43 75
. 6 S F Gas and Electric Co 45 75
MISCELLANEOUS.
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — Kilauea .... — »¦£
Hawaiian .. — 40 MakaweU ... 24
Honokaa ... 10% 11% Onomea .... 24% 26
Hutchinson . 12% 13 Paauhau ... 10% 12
STREET RAILROADS.
California .'.— lS2%iMarket 100 —
Geary — CO (Presidio .... S3 —
POWDER.
Giant 80% 80%,'Vigorlt ..... S ; —
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. SO — Union Trst.lS30 —
S F Sav U.525 —
SAVINGS BANKS
First Nationl — —
L P & A 168 170
Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
'1 S P Nation!. 140 —
Amer B & T.106%110
Anglo-Cal ..00 —
California ..428 —
Cal Safe Dp.120 122}
BANKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77UfPort Costa.. 63% 6fl
Marln Co 60 — | Spring Val.. 01% S2V4'
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 3% Pac Light . . 45 "-^Jt
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 35 40
Mutual 3y 4 — S F G & E. 45% 48
O G L & H. 62 — S F G L Co. . 5Vi —
Pac G Im.. 41% 42'i Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Flrem'a Fnd.260 270 |
WATER STOCKS
D o5s 120 121 . c gntd 5s-
N Pac C 5s..l09%110U Do stmpd.100% —
N R of C 5s. 114% — SP Br Cal 6sl38%130V»
Oak Gas 5s.. — 113% S V Wat 6s. — 111&
Oak Trn 6a. 124% — • Do 4s 2dm.tO2% —
Do 1st c5s. — 115 Do 4s 3dm.l01% —
Oak W G 5s.l03%104% Stkn G&E6S.102 104
Geary-st 5a. — — Sac EGR Bs.102 102W
H C&S 5%s. — — SF & SJV3b,120%121%
Do 5s. — _ Sierra Cal 6s.I16 —
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119 S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s. 103 105 (1909) 113%113%,'
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910)' ....114% —
Do gtd 5a. — 103% S P of C 6a
L A-& P 5s. 103 — (1005)Sr A.10€%107
Do lem os.102% — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1906) — 110VJ
tvt 1^ 1 ?™, 58 - 120^ 121^ (1912) .... — Vh.\,
N R of C 6S.112 -r- S P of C 1st
Ala A W 5s. 92% — Oc SS Co 5a. OS 08&
Bay CPC 53.107% — Omnibus «s. — —
Cal-st 5s lift — Pac G Im 4s. 97% —
C Costa 5s.. Ill — Pk & CH 6s.lO7 11©
Ed L & P 63.129 . — Pk & OR 6s.ll7 120
Fer& C H 6s. — 123 I Pwl-st R 6s. —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. , Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup. . .111^112 4s qr c (new)137%13S^
4s qr reg... .nielli 3s qr coup.. — —
THLT5SDAT, May 1—2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Mail advices from London state that the
salmon market remains stpady, with no
quotable changes in. prices. The Toxteth. with
84,044 cases Alaska, put a good 'supply on the
market. In Liverpool »there la a good demand
with an advance of Cd to Is per case on %
pounds. Ovals and fancy packages are in de
mand. .'
CANNED SALMON — The demand In the East
nn<l England has been stimulated by the high
prices for m?ats. and our local market Is also
in g6od movement. Two canneries have named
opening prices at $1 50 for tails, $1 65 for flats
erd 95c for %-pound chinooks. R. P. Rlthet
& Co. have pstlmated the last British Columbia
pack at 1,236,156 cases.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A v , Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; . Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c: Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.S5c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral. 20c:
Star. 20c: Extra Star, 23c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene,
22c; . deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk. 16c;
in cases, 22%c: Benzine, in . bulk. 14%e; in
cases, 21c: 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26 %c.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases and
61c In drums and iron barrels.
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels, boiled.
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 95c; cases, $1;
China Nut. 57%@68o per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
fi5c. Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per
gallon; Fish OH, barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c;
Coccanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
A circular for Australia says: "Since the
steamer Sierra sailed on the 10th ult. there have
been the following deliveries of Australian coal,
viz.: Star of Italy. 2204 tons; St. .¦ Francis.
2570 tons; Jabez Howes 775 tons; total. 6740
tens. There are at present twelve vessels due
to arrive here prior to July with 32,000 tons;
three-fourths 'of these have already gone out
of first hands, hence there is but a little coal
now afloat seeking . buyers. There are on the
chartered list from Australia, to . carry coals
here, thfrty vessels, with a carrying- capacity
of .34,000 tons; of these there are fully twelve
which have hot yet reached Newcastle. The. last
reported charters for coal are quoted below 10s
per ton from Newcastle, and as the Colonial
crops are a comparative failure, a number of
carriers must seek this port for business. With
the active competition of fuel" oil for steam pur
pores and the prices at which the same is be
ing- offered, it is an assured fact that Newcastle
coals for this market must be offered at a re
duction f. o. b. from j present asking prices.
Already several steam colliers have been placed
en the. disengaged list here, as sale can not be
found for Coast coals,, both from British Co
lumbia and Washington. Steamers of large
capacity, carrying both passengers and freight.
ar«» now being converted into oil burners. If
this continues .successfully it will be a serious
detriment to the sale of coal as fuel."
. COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant, $6 50.
Roslyn, S7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. ?S: Walls
end. $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $5 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks: Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, : Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Canncl, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50 per ton,
according to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bags. June and July. 6c; San
Quentln. 5.55c; -Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c:
General Merchandise.
The foreign markets were unchanged. Glas
gow closed at 53s 3d : and Mlddlesboro at 48s
. '¦ ¦. ; - - - - -.
The local iron market ruled unchanged and
piglron warrants were nominal. No. 1 foun
dry. Northern, $19@20; No. 2 foundry, $180
19; No. 2 foundry. Southern, $17 50@18; No. 2
foundry. Southern, soft, $17 60@18. -_¦..'¦•
-Tin was steady locally with spot at $28 25
@2S CO. London tin market was 12s 6d higher
but dosed easy with spot at £130 12s f.d and
futures at £127.
. Lead hore was steady at $4 12%, but London
declines to £11 13s 9d. . :
Spelter wns steady and unchanged at $4 42^4
and at £18 2s Cd at London.
NEW TORK, May 1. — The. exports of copper
from' the United States during April were 16,
275 tons, thus making a total from January 1
to date of 03.7C5 tons, against 28.9S7 tons for
the same period. last year, a gain for this year
of 33.0C8 tons. '. The local copper market was
steady but quiet. Lake was quoted at $11 76®
12, electrolytic $11 37%@11 «>5 and casting
$11 37%©11 52%. Standard was quoted at $11
@11 30 for spot. ' London copper was 7s Cd
higher, closing with spot and futures at £52
12f? Cd. " , • ¦ ' .
Nezv York Metal Market.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy. ¦
$2 25@2 50 per box. ?1 75@2 for No. 1 and $1 25
@1 65 for No. 2: Rhubarb, 40@65c per box, ex
tra fancy, 85c@$l; Green Peas, 75c@$l per
sack and lc per lb . to the canners; String
Beans, from Los Angeles, 10@15c. per in
cluding Wax; Cabbage, 50@65c per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, $1 75(fJ2 25 per box and crate;
Mexican- Tomatoes, $1@1 25 per box, for re
packed; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Los An
geles do,' 13@17%c; Carrots, 75c per sack; Hot
house Cucumbers, 35@75c per dozen for small
and $1@1 25 for large: Garlic, 2@3c; Los An
geles Green Peppers, 12%@15c; Mexican do. 8
@10c; Egg Plant, r from Los Angeles, 15@20c;
Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, ;
Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton;.Hubbard
Squash, §15«§ 20; Mushrooms, nominal. . .
ONIONS— Oregons. $2 75 for the best and
$1 50@2 for lower grades; 1 Nevadas, $2 75; Aus
tralian. $3 25@3 75 second hands; new Red,'
?1@1 25 per sack ; Green Onions, 20@30c per
box; Sllyerakins. 75c per box.. •
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 1%@2%c per lb;
old, $1 50® 1 75 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks. $1 75@2 15; Oregon Garnet
Chiles,- $1 C0@l 75;. River Reds, ?l 50@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed, 81 50@l 65; Oregon Bur
banks, for seed, $1 35@1 60; Sweets, 2c per lb
for Merced. . . ; v • . .
Receipts of Asparagus were light and extra
fancy was a little higher. ' Los Angeles To
matoes were in light supply and better prices
were obtained for offerings. The market other
vise stood about the same. There were 1354
boxes . Tomatoes and 58 boxos | Peppers re
ceived from Mexico by steamer. . -
Choice offerings of old Onions sold readily
and were scarce. New . Red "were soft and
ctherwiso In poor condition. The market is
overstocked with green. ¦
- Oregon Burbanks were higher In consequence
of the light supplies and offerings were firmly
hold at the quotations, but the market gener
ally was Inactive. Other descriptions were
steady at unchanged prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Nothing ticw in Dried Fruits.
Provisions higher at Chicago and unchanged here.
All Meats as prcz-iously quoted.
Canned Salmon in good demand.
Oregon Potatoes higher. Ol'd Onions scarce. Vegetables firmer.
Strawberries arriving in better condition.
Oranges dull. Other Fruits unchanged.
Blight damage to Prune crop in several sections.
Poultry and Game about the same. j
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Shipment of $55,251 in specie to the Orient.
Sih'cr and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat firm at a fractional advance. Freights slowly hardening.
Barley quiet and steady. Oats and Corn quiet and firm.
Hay and Feedstuff's unchanged.
Beans in active demand for shipping and speculative accowft.
Butter and Cheese weak and -plentiful.
Eggs continue to advance slowly.
. . LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — " . May.. July. Sept.
Opening C 1% ' fi 1% _ 6 3%
Closing 6 1% ; 6 l^i 6 3
PARIS.
Wheat — ' April. Sept.-Dec.
Opening ...22 20 ,20 50
Closing 22 30 20 55
Flour — -
Opening 27 05 20 45
Closing 10 20 50
Foreign Futures.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BQNDS.
Money— US Steel pfd 91%
Call loans 3%(p:5 Westlnghse Com. Ill
Time loans 4 @5 Mininsr —
Bonds — ¦ Adventure 32
Atchison4s 103 Allouez 3%
Gas lsts 87 Amalgamated ... 65 %
Mex Central 4s. .. 81 Blngham : 35%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla. 540
Atchison 80^4 Centennial 19
Boston & Albany.204 Co:>per Range... 07%
Boston & Maine.. 200 Franklin 11
Boston Elevated. 165 Isle Royale 14%
N T. N H & H..243 Mohawk 35%
Fitchburg pfd 146 Old Dominion ...100
Union Pacific 104% Osceola G2%
Mexican Central.. 28 Parrot 24%
-Miscellaneous — Qulncy 125
Am Sugar ...127% Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Am Sugar pfd. ..119% Tamarack ...173
Am Tel & Tel... 183 Trimountaln 05
Dom Iron&Steel.. 68 Trinity 12%
General Electric. 326 United States 20%
Mass Electric 43% Utah 22
Mass Elec pfd... 97% Victoria ..... 4%
N K Gas.fr Coke. 3 Wolverine .-. 54
United Fruit 107 Daly West 45
U S Steel 41%
NEW TORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief. 11
Alice 45 Ontario 8 25
Breece 60 Ophir 1 85
Brunswick Con 12 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel. 0G Potosi 25
Con Cal & Va 1 55 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra.. 70 Sierra Nevada 25
Horn Silver 1 40: Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver...' 68|Standard 3 33
Leadville Con 051
Total sales .829,500
NEW TORK CLOSING BONDS <
tt £ Tet . 2 s re »---109% L & N Uni 4s... 102%
U E ref 2s coup.. 109% Mex Central 4s.. 84
U I | s reg 108% Mex Cent 1st Inc. 34
U S 3s coup 108:-; Minn & S L 4s. .104%
U b new 4a reg.,137% Mo. Kan & T 4s.lOHi
vr I "f?'. 48 C °UP-1 ; 5"% M. K & T Sds... 83%
u S old 4s reg...my. n T Cent lsts...lO4
u b old 4s coup.. 111% N T C gen 314S..109
U S 5a reg 105% N J Cent ffen 5s. 140
Y. T.i coup.*... 105% N Pacific 4s 105%
A^ C J?-" on een 4s --103>5 N Pacific 3s . 73?W
adj 4s.. 04V t N & W con 4s... 101%
Da t & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading gen 4s.. 09%
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 96% S L&l M con Bs.ll«%
B & O conv 4s... 109 S L & S F 4s. . . .-99
Canada So 2ds...lO9 S L Swstrn lsts. 9S%
Cent of Ga Cs....llO% S L Swstrn 2ds.: 85^4
Cent. Ga 1st inc.. 85% S A & A P 4s... 91U
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8Vi So Pacific 4» 95%
Chgo & Alt 3%«. 84% So Railway 5s... 122%
C. B & Q new 4s. 9CU Tex & Pac lsts..l20i.2
C,M& SP gen4s.H6>i T. St L & W 4s. 83
C & NW con 7s.. 134% Union Pacific 4s.lOC
C. R I & p 4a.. .112% Union P conv 4S..107 1 ,?.
CC,c &SLgen 4s.im% Wabashlsts 118%
Chgo Term 4s... S9 Wabash 2ds 110%
Colo & So 4s.... 92 Wabash deb B... 77%
D & R G 4s 1O4V4 West Shore 4s... 113%
Erie prior lien 4S.100W W & L E 4s.... 03>'i
Erie gen 4s 88% Wis Cent Ms..... OiV.
F W & D C lsts.115 Cons Tob 4s CC%
Hocking Val 4%s.lll%
Pacific Mall 100 42% 42% 42
leojilea Gas 10,700 105% 104% 105
Presned Steel Car.. 2,500 45<g • 45# 45',4
gf" sed »t Car pfd COO 85% 85 85 £
Pilman.Pjidr., 100 245 2i!i 240
Republic Steel .... 800 19 19 . 19
Sn£? b!lc Steel P fd - 7 .°°° 75V6 74% 74%
IS^v™ :: 18^ ™% ™ ¦¦¦ i s %
™»§?SKS. :::¦:: - -
l>.| Leather. ...... 200 14 13% 13%
V % £. tee } •• 25.700 42% 41% 41%
H 8 feteel pfd ir,.7OO 02% 91% 02$
Western Union ... 1,300 02 91% 91%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles — ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ........... 2.5,000 25,000"
Wheat:' bushels 20,000 47.000
Corn, bushels 100,000 215.000
Oats, bushels ...........220,000 217,000
Rye, bushels • - ' .......
Barley, bushels 0.000 2.000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 16@21%c; dairies,
17<5T2Oc. Cheese, steady, 12%@13c. Eggs,
steady, 15@15%c. ¦:. :¦¦?¦ '¦¦¦; .v , , •
Beans have again advanced, -whites being es
pecially stiff under the demand for shipment
already mentioned and liberal purchases by a
well-known Produce Exchange operator. .
BEANS— Bayos, $2 55@2 SO; small White,
S2 C0@2 CO; large White, $2 4002 CO; Pea, $3fl>
3 25; Pink. $2 05@2 20; Red, $2 EKXZT2 75; Black
eyo, $4 50<?M 75; Limas, §3 SO®;! C5; Red,Kid
neys, $3 75@4 per ctl. . 5
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 05: Tel
low Mustard, $3 2r>@3 GO; Flax. • $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.
10%@ll%c; California. 10@10%cr Rape, .1%@
2%c: Hemp. 3%c per lb. ' " ¦ .' . •
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60@2; Green, $1 00
@2; Blackeye, nominal. , ... '. :•:¦
Beans and Seeds:
HOPS — 12@13c for fair and 14@15c for lb
for cood to choice. j- . .
San Francisco Meat Market.
; AH descriptions are In good shape for sellers,
with no changes" in quotations.
« ' DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 7@7%c for Steers and 6%@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Lame, 8@0c; small. 9@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 8%@9%c; Ewes, 8@S%c
per lb. • . . ¦ ¦
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 10$?llc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hofs. 7%<@9%c per lb.
-LIVESTOCK MARKET. / -.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 30
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
- -CATTLE — Steers. SVjigfOc; Cows and Heifers,
7@7><-c; thin Cows. 4©5c per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
->i SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 S0@2 75 per
head or 5S5%c per lb Uveweight; yearlings, 4%
@5c per lb.
HOGS' — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6^4 f?
6 v<,c; 200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, C@
6-%c; sows. 20 per cent oft; boars, 50 per cent
off. and stags. 40 per cent off from the above
quotations.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
$10<g>l0 10; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, $S 35. . • - •
Meal. ; $29@29 50; Cracked Corn. $20 50@CO;
Mixed Feed, $16@17 ; Cottonseed Meal, 520 50.
HAT— Wheat, $9@11 50; ¦. Wheat- and Oat.
$8 C0Q11; Oat; $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $S@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer. $6 50©S 50; Stock, $C@S
per ton. , •
STRAW — iO@65c per bale. \
THE SAN FBA2S CISCO CALI>, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1902.
11
Articles — Open. High. Low
"Wheat No. 2 —
Hay 74% 75% 74%
July 75% 77% 75%
September .. 75 76% 75^
Corn No. 2 — '':;,; , .
May 61% 62% 61%
July 63% 63% 63$.
September .- 02% 62% 62%
Oats No. 2—
May 41% 42% 41%
July, old..... 34% 35% 34%
July, new 38% 37% 36%
Sept.. old.... 20% 30% : 20%
Sept..new... 31% 32% i 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May... 10 40 16 75 10 40
July 16 62% 16 97% 10 62%
September ¦:. 16 62% 17 07% 16 77%
Lard, Der 100 lbs— ' 2
May 9 97% 10 02% > 9 88 ¦
July 9 92% 10 10 - -9 02%
September ..10 00 10 17% #10 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May ........ 9 35 9 47% 0 35
July.. 9 35 9 C2% 9 35
September . . 9 40 9 57% 9 40
Close.
75%
76%
62%
03%
62%
42%
33%
80%
32$
16 75
16 07%
17 07%
10 02%
10 10
10 17%
9 47%
9 50
n n7ii
Bonds — . >¦
U. S. Government ........
Bay Counties Power Co..
California Street Cable Co.
Sontra Costa Water Co..".
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar.
Los Angeles Railway Co..
Los- Angeles Lighting Co.
Los Angeles-Pacific R. R.
Market St. Ry. ?lst c. mtg
Northern Ry. Co. of Cal.l
Northern Ry. Co. (of Cal.)j
North Pacific Coast R. R.
Oak' Id Gas, Light & Heat
Oakland Transit Co ..
Do 1st con. mortgage..
Oak. Water Co., guar'td.
Oceanic Steamship Co. . . .
3ac. EleC, Gas & Ry....
S F. & San Joaquin Val.
Sierra Railway of Cal...
3. P R. R. of Ariz. (1900)
Do (1010)
5. P. R. R. of Cal., Ser. A
Do, Series B. . .v. ....:..
3. P. R. of-Cal. .........!
'Do, stamped ..........
3. P. Branch Ry. of Cal.
Spring Val. Wat., 1st mtg;
. Do, - 2d mortgage. ......
Do, 3d mortgage
Water Stocks — -'.\'
Contra Costa
Spring Valley : . . .........
Gas & Electric Stocks —
Central Light & Power Co
Equitable Gas Light Co..
Mutual Electric Light Co
Oakl'd Gas, Light & Heat
NAME.
Price During
No. Month.
Shares ¦
Sold. Low. High.
5,860 10S% 10»'/i
41.000 107% 108
10,000 119
2,000 110% 110%
2,000 96% 07
58,000 118% 119
1,000 103 "
1.000 103%
59,000 120% 122
41,000 112 112i,i
52.000 121 121%
15.000 110
1.000 113
1C.000 124&
16,000 114% 115
21,000 103% 1M«
11,000 07% 100%
110,000 03% 105
51.000 120% 121%
60.000 112 116
.17.000 .113% 113%
33,000 114% 114%
2.000 106V,
2.000 I-.' 107%
2.000 100M 110
16,000 lll£ .111%
| 30,000 139 130U
81.000 111 111%
31.000 102% 103»;i
23,000 101 102
1.335 76% 78%
2.177 92 93%
. 100 2%
. 975 . ¦ 3% 3%
. 50 ....... 4
500 57 621i
Pacific Gas Improvement.
Sac. Elec. Gas & Ry. Co.
S, F. Gas & Electric Co..
S. F. Gaslight Co
Insurance Stocks-
Fireman's Fund
Bank Stocks —
Amer. Bank & Trust Co.
Bank of California
Lon., Paris & Am. dim.).
Street Railroad Stocks —
California
Powder Stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co....
Vigorit
Sugar Stocks —
Hana Plantation
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar.
Honokaa Susar Co.......
Hutchinson Sugar Plant..
Makaweli ' Sugar Co. .....
Onomea Sugar Co
Paauhau Sugar Plan tat* n
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' Ass'n...
Cal. Fruit Canners' Ass'n
Cal. Wine Association
Oceanic Steamship Co..;.
Pacific Aux. Fire Alarm.)
l,570| Z4%, 41 &
56 32% 35
2,023 42% 46
83 By* H%
16 265
60 10«
73 425 427%
25 166
5 .. 175
931 T8 80!4
4
BO 3% »%
20 34
210 io io?.;
1,040 10% 12>^
405 22 <4 2414
100 23% 24
210 11 11*J
50.1 159 162^
.ra 10214 iKi%
1,016 99% 101
230 29% 35
100 :i 3
STATIONS.
C
3
S
a
a
g K - O
23 H3 g*
?2 52 : »
5- S • £
3 3*
B
a 1 **
5
I
5
>
I
c
I
p
F
I
I
I
r
r
F
F
8
e
Y
f
V
A-
Bt
rs
FT:
Fi
Fl
P<
ta
L<
P!
Pc
H'
lt<
Si
Sa
8a
P.
Pn
B-
3:
N"<
t\-
IV
n
tf-ria
ker ..
rson
irtka
csno .
catcil.
lrpcn<
s An)
rK-nlx
rtland
d IJfu
cramp
It I>al
n Fra
L. Ol
n Die
••.tie .
slane
ah 13
i31a V
K
:o
id-
,£<
t .
4
uS
rs
r-n
k'
ibi
r-£
Pa
.Vi
>. id
'¦n<t
eles
T ".'.
iri?r
fO -
ay
¦Ha
i.-ca
. ..r.o.C4
. . .23.82
...2!>.9*
...30.18
...30.02
...23.70
Ja.2a.80
e .20.04
...20.72
...SO. 04
. ..:so.o4
.... '50.04
...00.06
. . .20.02
eo.:«3.14
'J..S0.OS
. ..23.DS
. ..rio.02
...29.K«
. .no. oo
l..23.ft*
L .29. Sis
**0 ****
42
02
54
74
70
62
74
66
no
r,2
C2
54
02
C4
MS
«
r.4
50
r.2
r!o
r,8
36
42
4G
50
40
40
44
r.2
GO
42
44
42
4G
• 42
M)
4.H
5fl
42
42
42
42
S8
CO
NE
SW
w
xw
SW
B\V
w
w
w
s
SE
SW
B
NW
W
w
w
s
sw
s
w
pt CTdr .12
Cloudy .32
Clear .00
Pt CIdy .42
Clear T.
Cloudy .03
Rain .10
Clw .0t)
Clear .00
Clear .00
Rain .04
Clear .00
Pt Cldy ,13
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .01
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Cloudy ",2A
Clou tJy .04
Cloudy .20
Cloudy .20
CSoudy .00
Clear .00
Articles — Open. High. Low
"Wheat No. 2 —
Hay 74% 75% 74%
July 75% 77% 75%
September .. 75 76% 75^
Corn No. 2 — '':;,; , .
May 61% 62% 61%
July 63% 63% 63$.
September .- 02% 62% 62%
Oats No. 2—
May 41% 42% 41%
July, old..... 34% 35% 34%
July, new 38% 37% 36%
Sept.. old.... 20% 30% : 20%
Sept..new... 31% 32% i 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May... 10 40 16 75 10 40
July 16 62% 16 97% 10 62%
September ¦:. 16 62% 17 07% 16 77%
Lard, Der 100 lbs— ' 2
May 9 97% 10 02% > 9 88 ¦
July 9 92% 10 10 - -9 02%
September ..10 00 10 17% #10 00
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
May ........ 9 35 9 47% 0 35
July.. 9 35 9 C2% 9 35
September . . 9 40 9 57% 9 40
Close.
75%
76%
62%
03%
62%
42%
33%
80%
32$
16 75
16 07%
17 07%
10 02%
10 10
10 17%
9 47%
9 50
n n7ii
Bonds — . >¦
U. S. Government ........
Bay Counties Power Co..
California Street Cable Co.
Sontra Costa Water Co..".
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar.
Los Angeles Railway Co..
Los- Angeles Lighting Co.
Los Angeles-Pacific R. R.
Market St. Ry. ?lst c. mtg
Northern Ry. Co. of Cal.l
Northern Ry. Co. (of Cal.)j
North Pacific Coast R. R.
Oak' Id Gas, Light & Heat
Oakland Transit Co ..
Do 1st con. mortgage..
Oak. Water Co., guar'td.
Oceanic Steamship Co. . . .
3ac. EleC, Gas & Ry....
S F. & San Joaquin Val.
Sierra Railway of Cal...
3. P R. R. of Ariz. (1900)
Do (1010)
5. P. R. R. of Cal., Ser. A
Do, Series B. . .v. ....:..
3. P. R. of-Cal. .........!
'Do, stamped ..........
3. P. Branch Ry. of Cal.
Spring Val. Wat., 1st mtg;
. Do, - 2d mortgage. ......
Do, 3d mortgage
Water Stocks — -'.\'
Contra Costa
Spring Valley : . . .........
Gas & Electric Stocks —
Central Light & Power Co
Equitable Gas Light Co..
Mutual Electric Light Co
Oakl'd Gas, Light & Heat
NAME.
Price During
No. Month.
Shares ¦
Sold. Low. High.
5,860 10S% 10»'/i
41.000 107% 108
10,000 119
2,000 110% 110%
2,000 96% 07
58,000 118% 119
1,000 103 "
1.000 103%
59,000 120% 122
41,000 112 112i,i
52.000 121 121%
15.000 110
1.000 113
1C.000 124&
16,000 114% 115
21,000 103% 1M«
11,000 07% 100%
110,000 03% 105
51.000 120% 121%
60.000 112 116
.17.000 .113% 113%
33,000 114% 114%
2.000 106V,
2.000 I-.' 107%
2.000 100M 110
16,000 lll£ .111%
| 30,000 139 130U
81.000 111 111%
31.000 102% 103»;i
23,000 101 102
1.335 76% 78%
2.177 92 93%
. 100 2%
. 975 . ¦ 3% 3%
. 50 ....... 4
500 57 621i
STATIONS.
C
3
S
a
a
g K - O
23 H3 g*
?2 52 : »
5- S • £
3 3*
B
a 1 **
5
I
5
>
I
c
I
p
F
I
I
I
r
r
F
F
8
e
Y
f
V
A-
Bt
rs
FT:
Fi
Fl
P<
ta
L<
P!
Pc
H'
lt<
Si
Sa
8a
P.
Pn
B-
3:
N"<
t\-
IV
n
tf-ria
ker ..
rson
irtka
csno .
catcil.
lrpcn<
s An)
rK-nlx
rtland
d IJfu
cramp
It I>al
n Fra
L. Ol
n Die
••.tie .
slane
ah 13
i31a V
K
:o
id-
,£<
t .
4
uS
rs
r-n
k'
ibi
r-£
Pa
.Vi
>. id
'¦n<t
eles
T ".'.
iri?r
fO -
ay
¦Ha
i.-ca
. ..r.o.C4
. . .23.82
...2!>.9*
...30.18
...30.02
...23.70
Ja.2a.80
e .20.04
...20.72
...SO. 04
. ..:so.o4
.... '50.04
...00.06
. . .20.02
eo.:«3.14
'J..S0.OS
. ..23.DS
. ..rio.02
...29.K«
. .no. oo
l..23.ft*
L .29. Sis
**0 ****
42
02
54
74
70
62
74
66
no
r,2
C2
54
02
C4
MS
«
r.4
50
r.2
r!o
r,8
36
42
4G
50
40
40
44
r.2
GO
42
44
42
4G
• 42
M)
4.H
5fl
42
42
42
42
S8
CO
NE
SW
w
xw
SW
B\V
w
w
w
s
SE
SW
B
NW
W
w
w
s
sw
s
w
pt CTdr .12
Cloudy .32
Clear .00
Pt CIdy .42
Clear T.
Cloudy .03
Rain .10
Clw .0t)
Clear .00
Clear .00
Rain .04
Clear .00
Pt Cldy ,13
Clear .00
Clear .00
Clear .01
Clear .00
Cloudy T.
Cloudy ",2A
Clou tJy .04
Cloudy .20
Cloudy .20
CSoudy .00
Clear .00
Pacific Gas Improvement.
Sac. Elec. Gas & Ry. Co.
S, F. Gas & Electric Co..
S. F. Gaslight Co
Insurance Stocks-
Fireman's Fund
Bank Stocks —
Amer. Bank & Trust Co.
Bank of California
Lon., Paris & Am. dim.).
Street Railroad Stocks —
California
Powder Stocks —
Giant Consolidated Co....
Vigorit
Sugar Stocks —
Hana Plantation
Hawaiian Com. & Sugar.
Honokaa Susar Co.......
Hutchinson Sugar Plant..
Makaweli ' Sugar Co. .....
Onomea Sugar Co
Paauhau Sugar Plan tat* n
Miscellaneous Stocks —
Alaska Packers' Ass'n...
Cal. Fruit Canners' Ass'n
Cal. Wine Association
Oceanic Steamship Co..;.
Pacific Aux. Fire Alarm.)
l,570| Z4%, 41 &
56 32% 35
2,023 42% 46
83 By* H%
16 265
60 10«
73 425 427%
25 166
5 .. 175
931 T8 80!4
4
BO 3% »%
20 34
210 io io?.;
1,040 10% 12>^
405 22 <4 2414
100 23% 24
210 11 11*J
50.1 159 162^
.ra 10214 iKi%
1,016 99% 101
230 29% 35
100 :i 3
AIL 1 51 Inl SA8 rS
CLOSING-OUT SALE!
Having consolidated our milk trade with that
of the Standard Milk Company we will sell
at public auction our entire rolling stock, con-
sisting of CO well-broken gentle horses, single?
and double harness, bi&e carts, road buggies,
together with office fixtures 'and one large ica
chest. Sale takes place at company's lata
721-723 HOWARD ST..
MONDAT. MAT 5, AT I P. tt
¦' SANTA CLARA MILK CO.THE SAjST FRANCISCO CALL,, ..' FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1902.
12
! ¦ EMPLOYMENT . WASTED MALE.
A COMPETENT7~rellable man wishes a posi-
tion to take care of horses or garden; careful
driver: can take care of stable; references.
T. S., 259 Shipley st. - :
1« 1RST-CLASS machinist with experience at
any kind of floor or bench work would like
situation. Box. 1520. Call office.
COMPETENT experienced traveling salesman
wants position; liquors or tobacco preferred.
Box 1695. ; Call office.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed: U. 8.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
Investigate- our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
sition to guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; stocks underwritten on London an-1
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for Investors
to come in on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Padfls
States Mining and Investment, Co., 326 Post
St.; established: 1802.
CHEAP new flats; 1848-50 McAllister;. all mod-
ern improvements. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
& CO., 14 Montgomery st.
HYDE-ST. car line; small 3-room flat. $12 60;
grate and gas. 1233 Vallejo st.. _^
SUNNY corner 6 rooms; rent $16; furniture for
sale cheap. 98 Cumberland, bet 10th & 20th.
$12 — 4-ROOM flat: gas; cellar; water and ash-
man free. 24 Sumner et. off Howard.
MODERN flat, 6 rooms, bath; yard; basement;
reasonable. 1933 O'Farrell st.
| PINE. 2132 — 6 rooms bath; all modern: large
back yard; flne basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
FLATS TO LET — FURNISHED.
GOLDEN GATE 1517—4 rms.; bathigas range;
garden r $25; lower flat, 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
POLK. 1002 — Flats of 2 to 5 rooms for house-
keeping; complete. ¦ ¦
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
5-ROOM flat of furniture for sale; good as new;
on Jessie st.. near Sixth; rent $20. Inquire
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.. 1015 Market.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, ?48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
816 ELLIS; furniture of 3 rooms; piano, sewing
| machine, etc, ; price $300. Call and see.
, FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner b'.g.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
1 price- for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
I _^^_____ - __________^__^S55: -_^^-_-_-^-_,
j D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In th« world;
, warranted: kept In repair. 121 Grant ave.
I _Z~5F^ WAN TE D— ;FgM A *^L~^
! AT~cT^TliANSEN~_rco7s 429 Bush st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Woman to cook vegetables $35
| Gentlemen's club, south, fare advanced
I Head waitress, commercial hotel $30
Mangle girl, city $20
Pantry woman, springs $20
Waitress, mountain resort, fare one way..$_0
• Waitress. Santa Cruz Mts., fare one way.. $20
: 60 waitresses, city, country, reports. .$20-$_5
i FAMILY DEPARTMENT
! Cook and second girl, American family, Oak-
i land, $35-$25; chambermaid and laundress,
| $25; ranch cook, $25, fare, paid; cooks, house-
girls, second girls, nursegirls, city and coun-
try. $10-$30
C. R. HANSEN. & CO .420 Bush st
(Opposite California Hotel.) ¦ • • -
i WANTED — Laundress for family, $30; ironer,
I $2S and found, country laundry; 8 second
| girls, $20 and $25; rurse and companion for
> old. lady, $25; 6 cooks, plain wash, $30; chain-
i bermaid for resort, Santa Cruz mountains,
$25; 12 waitresses, city and country hotels.
$20 and $25; 44 girls for housework, city and
i country, $25 and $30. and many other places
tec numerous to advertise. J. F. CROSETT
, & CO., 334 Sutter st.
A — WOMAN cook, boarding-house, Bakersfield,
i $35 to $40, fare paid. MRS. M. E. DAY,
335 Geary st '
I A— 20 WAITRESSES, resorts, springs, com-
i merclal and city hotels. $25. ?22 50 and $20.
1 MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
i A— 0 SECOND girls, city and country, $20-$25.
j MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
" Woman cook, $30.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., . 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
j TAILORESS: one who. understands making
buttonholes; first class; good pay. 220 Mc-
Allister st.
WANTED — Girl for second work and assist
with grown children; wages $20." Apply 431
Dtvisadero st., between 9 and 12 a. m.
EXPERIENCED girl for second work and
.¦• waiting; references required; . good wages.
Call at 2604 Pacific ave. after 9 a. m.
MIDDLE-AGED woman; wishes a situation to
do light housework; best of references. 16O4
Howard st
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear and sum-
mer skirts. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market
GIRLS to band and bind gloves. A. S. BLOCH
& CO., 508 Fourth st.
EXPERIENCED operator on gent's custom
• and stock shirts. Rogerson's. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED — Girl for bakery store. 350
Duncan St., between 27th and 28th.
WANTED — Lunch waitress from fi to 8 p. m.
I In small restaurant 52 Eighth st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework; wages
$20; slrcp home. 1632 Union st
GIRI< for general housework; wages $20 Call
1317 Caroline st., Alameda.
WANTED — Experienced waitress at 209 Jones
street.
; WAITRESS, steady place; good pay; also girl
to learn. 725 Market st.
.WAITRESS wanted ; hours 11 a. m. to 8 p.m.;
• good pay. 631 Clay st
GIRL for light housework and assist with In-
fant 1008 Fillmore st. ¦
FIRST-CLASS waist maker; steady work. Ap-
ply 131 Post st. room 16.
LADY partner wanted; office work. Box 1604
Call office.
WAITRESS. 207 Third stV
GIRL for general .housework and assist in
bakery; German preferred. 3110 Sixteenth -t.
GIRLS ABOUT 1C . YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WOnK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
BT.; MR. DAVIS. T~~
A CATHOLIC girl for general housswork;
small family in Alameda; must furnish ref-
, ' erences; wages $20. Box 1602, Call. '
' GIRL attending school wanted to run errands
1 . for good home i in refined family. 1610>_
Bush st.
¦ HOTEL housekeeper, experienced only, with
full particulars, age references, etc. Apply
box 1499, Call office. ¦ .
1 A YOUNG girl to assist with two children; a
good home. Call at 3953 25th St., nr. Church.
' A NEAT girl for second work and sewing. 1180
O'Farrell st. '
WANTED— Cook for country hotel. . Central
J Hotel, Haywards. - :
'A WOMAN who is -bright and dreeses neatly
\ to travel for wholesale house. Box 1510. Call.
1 WANTED — Experienced waist and skirt hands.
1 599 Ellis st. ,
WANTED — 6 girls to learn halrdressing. manl-
', curing, massage and hair work; only 2 week*
• required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posl-
, tlons waiting; private • customers assure $50
: to $75 per month; day and evening clais.
' College. 233 Geary St.. roomi 13-15.
; OPERATORS - and girls 'to learn. Standard
Shirt Factory, corner j Gough and Grove sts.
I WANTED—^A woman as partner- in branch
bakery find notion store; one who is willing
to cook for a few men at noon; no. cooking
Sundays. Box 1521, Call office.
; .Halrdressing, -massage, "manicuring, bleaching,
' dyeing, switches, etc. : 2 wks.,$5. College.1236
3 Market, rm. 94: enlendld. position;, day, eve.
" AN operator on pants; steady work. 36 Geary
1 . st, room 33. . '
PANTS operators wanted by S. N..WOOD.&
; CO. " Apply at factory. 27, Geary st
. PANTS flni shers\ wanted by S.N. WOOD &
¦ - . CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary it . ,
,' WANTED — Experienced thirtm aker». BAG-
¦J-ESON & CO.'. 636 Market •t.
_ nPSINESS- CHANCES— -Continued.;
A— $500— BRANCH bakery, variety store; 1
rms; rent $14; full value. Strand, 209 Kearny.
A— $325— COFFEE and chop house; receipts if 20
day; rent $20; bargain. Strand, 203 Kearny.
A— $275— DELICACY etore; receipts $16 da»;
rent $15; bargain. STRAND. 2U9 Kearny Et.
A— $175 — BARBER shop. 3 chairs; clears $:J0
week; 3 rooms. STRAND. 200 Kearay st.
A-=-$750— HOTEL and bar; 12 furnished rooms;
clears $150 month. STRAND. 209 Kearny it.
A^$125— FRUIT store: rent $1160; receipts
about $12 day; bargain. Strand. 209 Kearny.
A— BUTCHER shop on Mission st, owner must
i leave city, horse and new wagon. Icehouse,
smokehouse, etc.. price $850. • • • Res-
taurant on McAllister st., owner sick. 2
weeks' trial elven: saloon on Turk st. • •
Good corner, price $750. • • • Call on
JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market Et.
JCoDGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
j ANY house sold on monthly payments.
CALL FOR OUR LARGE LIST. "
100 rooms; elegant; modern. investlgate.$20,000 ,
05 rooms; corner; a bargain S,000
40 rooms; central: clears $250 3,500
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms l,<00
25 rooms; long lease; payments 2,400 |
8 rooms; downtown; clears $00 650 i
25 rooms; rent $30; income $85; only.. 225 ]
9 rooms; corner; very good 375
15 rooms; long lease; clears $100; only. 1.000
; ' 7 rooms; snap; Geary st 200
12 rooms; Mason st.; clears $70 700
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
Rms. 7-8, 906 Market st. cor. Ellis, upstairs.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains In hotels, lodging-housea,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
SPECIAL SALES THIS WEEK.
16 r.; rent $30; rms. sunny; good loe.fc fur.$600
11 r.; rent $50: Al loc; hardwood xur... 350
36 r.; fine loc; 45 boarders; clears $200..350O
Money loaned. 1% per cent.
GOOD transient house; new furniture... .$1800
| 36 rms.: mechanics' hotel: man and wife 750
! 100 rocms. ; country: transient: low rent. 6500
300 rooms: corner house; for men 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low, rent... 3200
33 rms.; Howard; rent only $65; terms. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent. ,
Hotels, houses and fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market et.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
V.'e have rooming-houses all sizes and
rrlces. in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished .. $850
20 rooms; runny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
1 1 rooms ; downtown : good 700
1$ rocms; rent $37 50; make offer.. 900
Money loaned at 1V4 per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
650 Market st. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day. . :
New houses to lease.
"STREET railway strike" does hot change the
list of bargains offered In lodging-houses
during the present week by
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St. (UDstairs). bet 6th & 6th sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement and
call at his office before you buy a house.
$650 — 10 ROOMS: Mason st; nets $50. *
$1SO — 7 rooms; 3d st. ; $80 cash.
$650 — 15 roms; Market: good payer.
$375 — 20 rms. ; Jackson: good mechanics' house.
$1300 — 21 rooms; Kearny: snap; bay-windows.
And CO more houses; honest trade.
Inquire at McBRIDE & CO.'S, 765 Market.
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st
100 rooms; rent $212: modern and new — $6S00
63 rooms; downtown; new; see this $4S00
3S rooms; rent $S5: a money-maker $1SK<O
34 rooms; rent $100: Just- listed... $1900
20 rooms; new; central: reduced, to $1450
A_ ~ Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Big free list cf lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn.; rent $55..$S.">0
7 rooms; flat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 550
-11 rooms; housekeeping: rent $32 600
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call.
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HE ALT & CARR, 927 Market St., room 208.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us: we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis St.. room 10
(Glasccw block).
NATOMA. 217. near Third. 2 blocks from Call
— 2 fiats, completely furnished, 5 rooms each,
all light, clean: gas; bath; large yard; a
bargain; rent ?32.
MORTGAGED lodging-house at tremendous
sacrifice. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
Lodging-house, 19 rms.; rent $75: clears $135;
. $1300. Morrison & Co., 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
WELL established tobacco and cigar store; liv-
ing rooms: rent $13; must eell. 140 First st
$300 — FINELY furnished house, 8 rooms and
bath: a bargain. 5^ Polk st. near Market
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. melum;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings (1;
letter $2. 11G4 O'Farrell Et: Ellis car.
ETHEL CRINDLE materializing and vocal
seance Friday and Sunday evenings, 50c.
325 Ellis st.
J MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak, circle Tuesday and
Friday, S p. m.; Wed.. 2 p. m. ; reading daily.
MRS. HARLAXD'S circle to-night; also Sun.,
10c; trance sittings; readings dally. 132 6th.
BROCKWAY'S independent slate writing and
psychic seance to-night; 25c. 1052 Ellis st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN sittings resumed at 1774
Fifteenth st. near Guerrero.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1C01 : seance Sunday and Thurj.
FRIENDSHIP Hell. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10:.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E.~BERNARdT~
• THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She roads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4560.
A — IBMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
In person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life,
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names: COc-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sepa-
rated, finds treas. 1016 Market, parlors 7-8.
MME. WALTMAN— Readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m. ; circles Tuesdays,* Thursdays and
¦ Saturday, 8 p. n>. . 205 Turk st ; ground floor.
! MME. RAVENNA reads, life fluently: business
; advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvill. wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 t'th: German 'spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
: MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmis-
try; truth or no pay. 26V& Kearny. room 2.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 2C2 Minna st. nr. 4th.
I MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leave*
> read accurately: L. 25c, G. 50c C21% Eddy.
MME. HANSEN, well-known clairvoyant, cards,
palm., 25c: satisfaction guar. 148 6th, r. 14.
1 LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
; HAVE you been to see that wonderfully gifted
life reader at 1035 Market st. ? ¦
i MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
i 25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st
I =====-==========-===5-==-=---=-;
i WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Can >et-beat-
lng works. 353-:j57 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
" ICarlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholeter-
} lng.1213 Market bet.Sth&Oth;tel.Howard 291?.
• ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
» RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; pricei
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel. Mission 263
- CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H
1 STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.; tel. South 250
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
- :r» Golden Gate ave. : telephone East 126.
3 IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT. Prop. ;
- J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — Con.
•lO^DOMESTIC sewing machine; In good con-
dltlon. 1571 Market st.. near Twelftn.
FOR SALE at a barjain. a first-class harness
ghep. B. MAART. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for pcice3 on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). "ALEXANDER &CO-. 110 Montry.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-han4l
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 4S Fremont st
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
_BAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES— New and~second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-42S Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boilers
_gy to D.J.McMasters.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co., 519 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hahd moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
ENGINES and boilers; s?ccnd-hand machinery.
_ J. BURKE. 130 Beale St.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIO prices paid for sealskin coats: also gent-'
full dress and Tuxetio suits. Portland Lo«*n
Office. -5 Stockton et. : phone Bush 484.
WILL pay $15 for typewriter In good condP
tlon. Address box 1652. Call office.
[ WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins:
send postal; will call. Box 4960, Call office.
IILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 nth St.; tel. Jessie £831.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWk«i..41»Tnrk.
£ MON EY TO LU AN.
A— HE^WJ^STmurphyT tOl-'taTExaminer bl« |
$4,500,OUO at Lowest Rates
On First and Second. Mortgages......
On Life Interests in Estates. .......
Property Being Held In Trust « '
.....Undivided Interests In Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate*
Financial Problems of all sorts and »tz#j.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
. See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT tt PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages ...»
Undivided Interest in real estate in probate.*
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN ,
24 Montgomery st. room 3
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300 000 at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to salt;
City' Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties- loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16.
1st? How. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO., 103 Ellis St.. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary at: phone Red 16031 \
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84*
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st. room 30.
ANY amount on furniture pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
2fl Montgomery st. room 7. opp. Lick Houte.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on forni-
ture, planes- no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wllaon's). 1710 Market
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salarl*!
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick:
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
Ilable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged: confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, r. 104. 5th flr.
3% OX furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 17C9. room 81. g Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
O A. LANE Mills building, will loan mima ta
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1CCO: any security. 302 Montgomery at. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal:
strictly private. LICK, lift McAllister st.
LF you want a home I will loan you money ta
It A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansoma st
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastera
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL^ IN STRP3IENTS.
AS we are now decorating our new warerooms
and hall and must have the room, every piano
is cut to the lowest ' possible figure. Over 200
on our floors, of which the following are a
few. Rents, $2; installments. $3, or your
own terms:
1 Bci^-ne $47
1 Weber 85
1 Knabe 95
1 Marshall' 135
1 Haynes 155
3 Smith & Barnes $135 to 240
2 Steinways 265 to 3S5
» Heine 235 to 3S5
2 Chlckering 195 and 28O
10 Hallet & Davis 165
HEINE PIANO CO., Heine Hall, 235-237
Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mini
that we cannot only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.: Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.,* Oakland.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up. - -
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
EON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
WE have a choice lot of good Instruments.
slightly used, that can be obtained upon very
easy terms and at low prices. We nave also
Wlssner-Baumelster and Stodard pianos.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769
Market »t.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tima
within 2 years and full purchaso prtc* al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st: established 1850.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For aals
only by the "Wiley B. Allen Co.. 931 Market
tt.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. " .. ;.
UPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Ha yea st.
Compelled sacrifice by private family leaving.
$550; new upright grand piano. 595 Ellla st.
SNAP — 2 only. n«w. $450; hlKb-— rade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn.20SPoat
$170;jcreat sacrifice ;almost new uprightSchmits
& Co.. 16 McAllister st. next Hlberia Bank.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
ALMOST new largo size Stelnway upright left
on tale: bargain. 235 Geary st.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post st: Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H-
MULLER. maker.- repairer. 2 Lntham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market st^
Light, cheerful offices. $15@25, per month;
light, heat, janitor and ¦ telephone.
LOFT for rent. 40x65 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes; with water $16 month. WM.
LOANE. Plumber. 430 Fifth st
STORE with large basement, below Kearny: al-
terations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room L
...,,_ olL -
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. In good order; all sizes-
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale st.
~ ~. OIL LANDsI '
F ?i R Ss iiT^F h .! ap i 10 acrea - Patented land, sec-
tion 29-28-2S; heart of Bakersfield district:
oce well on property: oil guaranteed under
every foot. L W. MYERS. Laughlin build-
Ing. Los Angeles. °
PALMISTRY.
MMeTgT U "neeROAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st. corner of Jones: phono Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 51S
Taylor «t. bet. Geary and Pout tel. Black Rtl.
AND DECORATORS.
ROOMS papered $3 up; parnting~&~tTntinTdone'
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st: teL Red 3321.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.; teL Poll 1-3.
* HELP XV ANTE D^-31 ALE.
AtC.' r! *HANSEn'& 'c6"s\\\ . . .429 Bush st
.New Railroad Work
•¦•-... ... . . . FOR NEVADA • • • •• • •
2000 teamsters and laborers.. $2 to $2 25 a day
100 concrete laborers. $2 to $2 25 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK _
600 tunnelmen, '„ drillers, machine men ana
. muckers - for 8 new tunnels, $2 to $3 a day;
600 outside laborers, same place, $1 75 a day.
... Ship Daily • ••••
Frete fare ..Free fare Free rare
Engineer, experienced In firing with oil, $40
and found; 20 lumber pliers, country saw-
mill. $35 and found; 20 farmers and milkers.
$1 to $1 25 a day ••
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook, $75; second cook, $55, for country
club; second cook, restaurant, $70; second
cook and baker, hotel, $50 to $60; cook, coun-
try restaurant, $12 a week; vegetable cook,
. country hotel, $35; waiter, city and country,
$30 and $25; waiter, help hall, country hotel,
$25; dishwashers, kitchen hands and others.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. . . . . .429 Bush st.
4 FARMERS and wives, $40 and $50;*roan and
wife, private- family, $55; cheesemaker and
wife, $40; -2 men to cultivate vineyard, $25:
farmers, $25 and $30; teamsters, $1 25-day
and board and 545; 4 milkers. $30: cheese-
maker. $40; boy for factory, $6 week and
Increase; man about place, $25; many others.
* J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
5 LABORERS for city, $2 day, 8 hours; labor-
ers about mill and woods, $30 and $35 and
board; 3 coal miners, $2 50 to $2 75 day: 3
rough carpenters, $3; house carpenters, $3,
$3 50 day; bench hand for country mill. $3
day; edgerman, $3 day; wagonmaker, $3 day;
carriage , Da Inters, woodworkers and black-
smiths at going wages, and other mechanics.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C2S Sacramento st.
RESTAURANT cook. $70; cook for men, $40;
cook for steamer, $40; hotel and restaurant
waiters: hotel steward, country, $40; dish-
washers and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st
WANTED — Errand boy for this office; $3 a
week. J..F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third st, near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
. RAILROAD LABORERS
FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 teamsters, Nevada $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers $2 25 day
* 60 concrete men $2 25 day
SHIP DAILY.
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods,
$30 to $65 month and board, fare advanced.
20 railroad laborers $30 per mo. and board
Edgerman .$3 per day
' 10 lumber pliers and loaders $2 per day
SS Men on log deck : $2 25 per day
Men on jump saw $2 per day
Steam laundryman, institution, country. $40
per month/ bed, board and washing; milker
for Napa, 20 cows. $30 per month. -
CALIFORNIA. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
634-630 Clay Street
300 R. R. Men
FREE FARE
SANTA FE R. R
150 men to work In section, steel ballast and
and track gangs on the Santa Fe system.
Ship Daily ,
STATE OF NEVADA— FREE.......
250 teamsters, Nevada $2 25 day
500 laborers, Nevada .$2 day
150 rockmen, Nevada $2 25 to $2 50
Ship Morning .and Night — Free.......
FOR THOUSANDS OF POSITIONS call
down and read full lists on our bulletin
boards. MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st— Coachman
and do chores and wife to cook, $55 to $60;
man to milk cows and make butter, private
place, $25; baker for country hotel, $35;
waiter, country, $25: dishwasher, $7 a week;
dishwasher, hotel, $30; dishwasher, small
. country place, $15.
A — MAN to -worlc 'around a private place; light
work. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st
BUTCHER for first-class hotel; $50 and found.
ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st. '¦
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 - a. m.
at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class domestic salesman. Ap-
ply between 8»and 11 a. m. at HALE BR.OS.'
WANTED — Boy of about 18 years, mechanical-
ly Inclined, to learn good trade; one who has
had some experience around machinery pre-
ferred. W. F. C, box 1546. Call office.
RELIABLE man with $125 to Invest In an old-
established business that will pay him $65 a
month; no experience required; light work.
Apply at 765 Market st, room 3.
CLERK for store; young man who has had ex-
perience; wages $6 per week. Address box
1603, Call office, stating age and where last
employed. ; , ..; '. ' ...
WANTED — Young man of good appearance,
about 20 years old, as assistant floor walker
In . women's wear department; state salary
and experience. Address box 1592, Call office.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house; must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
WANTED — Reliable young man with some
cash; plain work; no experience required: $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED — A bright office boy. about 14 years
old, in an Importing house; must reside with
parents. Address box 1593, Call office.
5 RELIABLE agents for country trip with
first-class article; salary and commission; ex-
penses advanced. 826 Sixteenth st, Oakland.
WANTED — A trood errand boy. 145 Post st;
E. MESSAGER^ , ¦
CASH boys with references. Apply at LIV-
INGSTON BROS.', 123 Po«t st.
BOY in glove factory- A. S. BLOCH & CO.,
503 Fourth st.
BUSHELMAN wanted at SUMMERFIELD &
ROMAN'S, 901 Market st.
AN experienced salesman for billiard business.
Box 1581. Call office.
OUTSIDE man; salary. Box 1560, Call office.
BUSHELMAN and presser. • California Cloth-
Ing Renovatory, 287 O'Farrell; steady posit'n.
WANTED — Miners for Alaska, 60c an hour and
board; fare $50; fare refunded. Box 1588, Call.
EXPERIENCED feeder for Job presses. 16 Fre-
mont st.
SAILORS wanted. For a square deal go to
LANE'S, 504 Davis st.' San Francisco.
CARPENTER wanted. Apply, 215 Stevenson
street. • • --y
BUSHELMAN wanted Immediately. Golden
Eagle Clothing Store, 104 Kearny st
WAITER wanted: general work. 37 Eddy St.
WANTED — A helper on cake; wages $25, room
and board. 516 Hayes st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday; $4 guar-
anteed.\ 105 Tenth at. . ,
BOY for. cloak and suit house; steady place.
1022 Market st. ¦¦
RESTAURANT butcher wanted at 321 Fourth
street.
A GOOD tailor fcr bushelln«r. 827 Sutter et.,
near Leavenworth.
YOUNG clerk for grocery and bar; references.
..Box 1602. Call.
BEDMAKER wanted. 639 Clay st.
WANTED — Gentlemen for theatrical 'business;
experience not neces. 1015 Linden, Oakland.
A GOOD bargain: cigar stand in good location
for sale at invoice; $50 required. 257 Fourth.
BARBERS — Barber shop; must be sold this
week; rent cheap. 1220 Market st. Oakland.
WANTED— Bright . boy with knowledge of i
stenography and typewriting: wages $25 per
month; reply by letter in own handwriting,"
giving age and references. Box 1500, Call.
WANTED — 2 -bright errand boys; must write
well and be neat; wages $15 per month: re-
ply by letter in own handwriting, giving age-
"and references. Box. 1501, Call office.
BARBER shop and bathrooms in Vallejo, doing:
a good business; cost $1000; to be sold at
once at a bargain. Apply JOS. R. BLEILY,
Cor.-FIn.' secretary J. B. I. W., 027 Market
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In'de-
. mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. .MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE, 635 Clay st
WANTED— Reliable • young man with some
cash;iplain work; no experience required: $15
week; steady place. BROWN, 1221 Market
WANTED — Bright young man of good address
for a respectable office; can average $23
. week; $300 cash required. ¦ 318 Kearny, rm. 1.
CUTTER and marker on overalls and pants;
must be thoroughly experienced; steady posi-
tion; references required.' Box 1545, Call.
AMBITIOUS and. strong young - man with a
. knowledge ' of packing candy In a . wholesale
house. 224 Battery et. " - 1 . - * .
TAILOR wanted; good wages; steady Job. -2821
Greenwich st. ¦ ?'*> :
WANTED— Solicitor. Call at 1322 Pacific St.,
¦ between 8 and 10 a.m. ' . ; , -
BARBERS — Rare chance; must be sold: 2-chaIr
barber shop In country at bargain. DECKEL-
MAN BROS.; 100 Ellis st . *t.-
BARBER wanted for Monday. Wednesday, Sat-
¦ urday and Sunday. 797 Mission st
OPERATORS on ladies' wash skirts. 656 Mis-
sion St., third floor. ¦
BOY wanted .* from the • Mission" to work in
butcher shop. -Apply 2318 Fillmore st/
«TT*T V T I' < XTF*.T»— -M A T '*^— T"**
W ANTED— A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attractive, first-class flnan- i
cial proposition; successful candidates earn I
$100 to $300 mo. : salary and liberal commis- I
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., except Sunday. St Nicholas Hotel,
room 237, 1606 Market st- M n^
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S' navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 E1113 st, San Francisco.
WANTED — An up to date advertiser; one who i
can carry on a campaign successfully and be I
able to write ads for special sales; Eastern |
man preferred; state age and salary expected;
Eiibmlt sample of work. Box 1477. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
! BARBER chairs and pole tor sale; cheap. 17
¦ Russ et. flat 8. ¦
BRIGHT b^- for jewelry store- state refer-
ences. Box 802. Call of flee.
BOYS wanted— Light work In cigar box fac-
tory. 723 Bryant st.
WANTED — Good barber; steady Job. Apply
725 Fourth St., San Rafael; tel. Red 15.
SOATMAKERS and bushelmen for country.
Apply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st. i
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith. 537 Brannan
street. ¦? ¦ ~ ¦ m
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tui-
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741A. Howard st
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R,
500 MEN to Buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5e3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements, and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGOSS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 246
Third st. WM. Q. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several flne road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
GOOD drawing and work horse weight 1100
pounds, price $40. Apply 238. Fulton st
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. ( EGAN & SON. 2U7 Mission st
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness, work.drlvlng horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. - 532 Mission. .
_^ HOUSES T " *' RT -
Aj — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. . .
HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutonia Hall. 1332 Howard St.. bet.
Oth and 10th, for a term of years; barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 400 Eighth.
HYPNOTISM. j
PROF. GOLDBERG, phrenologist, hypnotist;
guarantees teach these sciences In 4 lessons,
$20; past, future revealed $1. 9 Powell, rm. 6.
INVESTMENTS.
THE Investors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st.
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
' LOST .AND. FOUND. <- <
LOST — In Fischer's Theater, Thursday matinee.,
lady's green leather purse containing about
$10 and keys. Finder return to cashier Call
office and receive reward. • . '
LOST — A gold nugget bracelet, between Cali-
fornia Theater and Post st; $10 reward. Re-
turn 201 Shotwell st, near Sixteenth.
LOST — April 26, small black dog; long hair
and body; brown spots; hair partly off ears;
reward. 1325 York st. •
LCST — Wednesday, small gold open-faced
watch; liberal reward. 1133 Ellis st.
FOUND — Red, white spotted cow. Owner can
have same by paying- expenses and proving
property. A. VON WYL, 106 Sadowa st,
Ocean View.
IT win pay to "Remember" that the Callfor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau; est. 1887: reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Bra«s, iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter.712 Mlsslon:tel.MaIn 730.
MEDICAL. ~~
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
1st. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
esses taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. Dr. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. D. KOHL — Well-known reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re-
moved to 1008% .Market st, opposite 5th st
MRS. D. WTETH — Well-known ladles' special-
ist. 30 years' experience, removed to 1008^
Market st, opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
MRS. SWEET, 006 Guerrero st. near 18th
Graduate of Royal University, Berlin; has 25
years' experience In midwifery cases; takes
ladies before and during; confinement; best
motherly care; Infanta adopted: confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411. : \
-IF In doubt, nay, if in distress, try Klnney's
Rheumatic and Kidney Remedy — the famous
"K. R. K. R." Nothing like It on this coast
or any coast; mall direct to Klnney Medicine
Co., Los Angeles; 75c In stamps for a bottle:
we name muscular rheumatism, sciatica and
grave urinary trouble which it will cure.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment amoved- from
1228 to 1126 Market st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speciar.
ist; maternity hospital: home for Infants free-
fee low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium. '
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe *: sure: never falls-
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny'
DR. ROSEN, 1007% Market st. nr Sixth
treats ladles only; relief In all cases taken!
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
¦ Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCKLLXNKOUS~FOIt SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand ,machlneryr~McIX^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
SECOND-HAND boilers, engines, pumps dy-
namos, motors, water pipe, belting bought
sold and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.' 130-132
Beale St. .
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
FOR SALE— Flrstrclass ticket with stopover
privileges to New York and return. Box
1580. Call office. . ......
WOULD like to sell • marquise diamond ring
diamond earrings and diamond pendant- no
driers. Box 1531. Call office. .. nuanl '- no
WANTED to sell good collection of postara
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
British colonials. G. FELIX. 418 Sutter st.
A— ?3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
j Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants. $2 75 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
THREE good milk • goats for sale. 083 Fol-
Bom et. :
NEW steam beer pump for sale; cheap- also
Xurnlture and carpets. Inquire 1607 Folsom.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aseney— No cnarge
¦ unless successful. Room SI 0.' 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO -'*-'*'• _.
COTTAGE, .3 swuiy rooms; yard and . stable.
• 10 Byington ave. .' _______
MENLO {Fair Oaks)— New Cottage. 7 rooms.
- bath, furnished. A.R.HARRISON. 78 Geary.
DENTISTS. ______^
A— oKT'sTinGCjiNS. 5)27 Market st., Emma
Spreckels bidg.— Painless dentistry atreasoii-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings. $1; gold and porcelain crowns. »5up,
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up. - . -
Painless extraction. /
I do firs t-class work only and guarantee u.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method: 20 -ears ex-
perience; no Etudents: advice free; P«ce«
cheapest and- guaranteed; lady attendants.
¦ DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cyr.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, ** oo
up; office hourn. !.» a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. C Turk st.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators:
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
, EON.D.D.S.. proprietor and manager. '•
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50: fillings. 50c;
plates. ?5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth »t
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 tp 4.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk «t—
Crown und bridge work; gas specialist
6ET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOTTNG. 1S41 Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS AXB SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School',
corset-making taught: patterns cut. 1O1» Mkt
EDUCATIONAL.
, HEALET S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work: thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post st, S. F. :
catalogue free.
A — GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove from
Parrott building to more commodious quarters
at 1382 Market st. on or about May 1. 19C2.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
6. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment,
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
. engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCfeUM. an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
cclleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— $50; life scholarship at AYRES 1 Business
College, 723 Market st, pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey assay cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st
ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 34
good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business College, 1238 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship posit'n when qualified.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Pine 433.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; 56 mo.
SPANISH, French, etc. Prof. De Flllppe's Academy
of Languages, 320PoEt;estab'dlS71;ablest profs.
Harpist, only teacher AVest, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting: individual In-
struction; Pitman system ;$5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
Uacher. -1008 Mission; instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or class.
BARKER'S Academy, 723 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ELEVATORS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
priced. J.E.Upphoff,5U5 Mission; tel.John 385ti.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable housecleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Kinoshita, 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office —
I EeEt help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 420.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
CHINESE and JaDanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1097. ERADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post: GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter:tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
AN English woman, good cook and house-
worker; best references. MRS. NORTON,
313 Sutter St.
YOUNG English lady desires engagement as
companion; domesticated; needlework; good
musician. 'piano and mandolin; would teach;
no objection to travel; moderate salary. Bojs
1504, Call office.
GERMAN woman wants work by the day
i washing and housecleaning. 21 Harrison
ave.. rear. bet. Seventh and Eighth.'off Fol-
som.
LADY, thoroughly competent, wishes situation
as working housekeeper; city or suburban
town. Box 1710, Call office.
WANTED — By a middle-aged woman as house-
keeper for a gentleman and wife; is a good
cook. Apply W.. box 1563, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by day, washing.
Ironing, sweeping and window cleaning; ref-
. erences. Address B.. CIS Larkin st
COLORED woman wishes day's work house-
cleaning or washing. Box 1587, Call office.
COLORED girl would like a place to do lighl
. housework. 1412 Powell at.
ELDERLY educated energetic lady would ac-
cept position as useful companion with refined
. lady without children or chaperon with moth-
erly care to young lady; capable of manag-
ing rooming or boarding house or house-
keeper where servants are kept: unquestion-
able ref. ex. MRS. J. H., 21 Taylor st.
FIRST-CLASS maid and upstairs English glr'
wants position; state wages; no objection t<
leaving city; have good reference. Box 1542
Call office. ' ' N -
GIRL of 10 desires situation to assist in house'
work. Call at 1028 Montgomery st.
POSITION to cook in small hotel or for mer
on ranch. Address 933 Mission st. ¦
RESPECTABLE Eastern lady desires posltioi
as housekeeper in hotel or for elderly people
Box 1C81. Call office. y P pP
A REFINED middle-aged Eastern lady desirei
position as housekeeper; would go out o
town; no triflers. Box 1693, Call.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar
¦' ktt— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 51
X.6 $6 week; convenient and respectable: fre«
_ bus ajid baggage to and from ferry.-
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for Th<
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 030 McAllister st.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements am
subscriptions has been established at 109!
Valencia wt. - -¦ ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTK1J — -MALE.
A — MIDDLE-AGED German man wants an:
kind of work. Apply to MRS. NORTON
313 Sutter st. - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' -. - . . . .
SITUATION wanted man about place to mak.
himself useful; can milk and take care o
horses; city or country. Please call or ad
dros3 S. LAUX. 26 Turk St., Park Hotel.
A YOUNG man having practical knowledge o
electrical engineering wants situation wit]
electric light or power company; wages n<
object Address A. Z., box 1544, Call office
A YOUNG man would like a position . in i
grocery store and can give . city references
Box 1519. Call.
SITUATION wanted | as day or ' night watch
man; best ref erences. ,'Bm 1524, Call office
A JAPANESE. wants position as schoolboy "1;
. private family; plain cook. KANE M0CH1
414 Stevenson st.
SAN FHANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
entil 12 o'clock every night .In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. ta.
800 Hayes street; open until »:30 p. m.
633 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
•Ctll 9 p.m.
106 Eleventh street: cpen until 9 p. m.
1C36 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
gSOO Fillmore street: open until 9 p. m.
MKKTINti NOTICES. j.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F.
—Second <2d) degree THIS (FRI- _5l~,>sS»
DAV) NIGHT. May 2. Memorial
Hall. Apollo Lodge Degree Team. '"*
8 o'clock. Visitors welcome.^^^ Q
¦W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec
*'0 N T r M.- ? Rc I v t iew THIS "(FRIDAY) J^^Sl
EVENING nt S c/ clock. Pioneer EtfTinfm
HaH. 1\ Fourth £ cas^ l _
Record Keeper. *rr~"
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian A «r >. ;
Oub THIS EVENING, at 8 o'clock. JL Q Oj
Ex-Chief D. K. McNEILL will give >^__Cj_/
a short sketch of his trip through *-*_¦•
Mexico for the good of the club. Scottish
Hall. 117 Larkin Ft
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
DINNA forget the St. Andrew's pic- v <f &.
nic, rainax Park. SATURDAY, A &WJ
May 3. An excellent programme
of games and prizes has been ar-
ranged; boats leave Sau&alito ferry at 7 and
8:30 a. m. and 12:43 p. m. Tickets, adults,
60c; children. 25c
JAMEfe ROLPH JR.. President
AUSTRIAN Military and Benevolent %-t«fr-*
Association will h<°ld its 24th annual HjiTH^
excursion at Fernbrook Park. Niles v*&j!_5r
Canyon, SUNDAY, May 4. Various <rtf£-3
games and prizes will be given. A
good time is assured to all.
THE COMMITTEE.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING— A meeting of
the «ockho:ders of the United Crude Oil
Company will be held at the office of thr
company. 41S Parrott building. In the city
• nd county of San Francisco. State of Cali-
fornia, on TUESDAY, May 13, 1902. at 12
o'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH, Secretary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
lfi paye». in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
OUR general agents now in the field are mak-
ing trom $500 to $1000 per month; we want 20
more everywhere ; our local agents are mak-
ing from $5 to $15 per day; we want 50 more;
not like canvassing; pleasant occupation;
everybody will give you an audience and
nearly everybody will do business. Call en
or address W. B. AMES. 701 Haywsrd build-
icg, California and Montgomery sts., S. F.
RESPONSIBLE, energetic party to eell stock
in successful manufacturing business; salary
and commission to right party. Apply at 346
McAllister st
AGENTS wanted by manufacturing company
In this city; a proposition to right party:
men or women. Apply at 34t> McAllister st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
CIS: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
»o advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;qulck;quiet;
Co charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market rt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st
L. 6. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-,
kfit rt.: consultation free; no fees In advance.
HI CYCLES— For Sale or Exchange-.
ALLEN has seme swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
S01 Larkin gt. and 305 Market st
__« BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pei stock,
cages, glebes, aquariums; bird and animal'
lood of all kinds. 1546 Market st.bet8th&9th.
ROEISON'S BIRD STORE—
335 and 337 Kearny st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Largest and best appointed place in the country.
IIOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
HL'SINKSS CHANCES.
A — ?2500; COFFEE saloon clore to Chronicle
building; a good business: daily receipts
about *75. or owner will take honest man
lot partner. Call R. <5. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A — $550; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st:
rent $25; owner must sell _t once as family
sftairs call him East. It. G. WILKE, 20'/-
Kearny "fat
A — S'JiO; SALOON* in wholesale district; rent
$¦»- 50; place is establ. lor many years and
doing a gou£ paying business; only reason
for sale ljartners bought hotel in the coun-
try. Particulars K. G. WILKE, 2S% Kearny.
A— $2S00; HARDWARE, cutlery and tool
ctcre doing a large business; location first
class; rent low; 6tock will invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call It G.
WILKE. 2UMt Kearny St.
A— ?55<J; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
store; no better location in this city; living
rooms; a good paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE. 2OVs Kearny st
A RARE chance for lively and honest man:
the whole or half interest in old established
saloon; in first-class location; price $S00.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2t»Va Kearny st
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
Et. ; established for yeaia and known as flrnt
class payins proposition; rent $175; return
rent fw. Investigate at once; rare chance.
K. G. WILKE, 2ti% Kearny st ,
A— $1100; COR. grocery and bar. with lfvlng
rooms and bath, in best location of the Mis-
sion; rent $45; a good paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2<j',4 Kearny et
A— $1500; SALOON, few doors from Market
et.; first-class paying; established years; rent
$45: elecant fixtures; large stock. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2CV4 Kearny st
A — $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
mtle depot, clearing $400 per month; rent
$130; no better investment in any kind of
buslnew. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«% Kearny.
THE Inventor of a new and rapid process of
separating Fold from dry places, without the
Ufce of water, desires to interest some one
with capital In order to place the same on
the market; Its value can be seen at once
by any practical man. TOMLINSON & CO.,
1CS Ellis «t. room 10. ,
$200 — PARTNER wanted In old established
commission office, paying well; sickness the
«nly cause of selling;, no experience neces-
sary. TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis st. r. 1U.
$350— BUTCHER business doing $28 a day. in-
cluding 3 horses, harness, 2 wagons, tools,
blnck. etc.; party selling wishes to retire.
?20Op — Hotel of 12 rooms, bar. etc.; lot 50x
lriii; gocd well; street work complete; location
central.
$4250 — Range of 4 stores; all rented; bring-
ing !n $55 per month; on Main et and good
location.
D. A. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley,
Real Estate and Insurance Broker.
$1000— SPLENDID chance for young, active
man to buy retiring partner's Interest in old
eptabllshtd grocery and bar at invoice; re-
training partner well known and thoroughlj
responsible. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
$380 — RESTAURANT, centrally located- rent
$30; dally receipts $22 to $25; trial allowed
sells at sacrifice on account of other busi-
ness. Apply K. KENNY, 75 Third st.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cl^ar stands anc
many other business chances for sale: als<
city and country real estate for sale oi
exchenpe. Cal'. or write for our free list
HEALT & CARR. 927 Market St., room '208
ARE you looking for the b*>st Interest on youi
money? V.'e have the bent proposition evei
offered to the public, whfre there Is no risl
and your money is always at your dlspo<a
and will draw an average of over 4 per cen:
per wetk. Ju*t think of It; more than yot
Bet In the bank in one year. We Invite yoi
all to our office where we will give you ful
j.-rticulars. Remember you can invest fron
$10 up. AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE AS
SOCIATION. suite fil5. Emma Spreckel
building, treasurer's department; open even
Ings 7 to 8.
A— $1W»; PARTNER wanted; suited to plain
stendy ycung man satisfied with $15 to $2i
a week; no previous experience required
short hours. 25 Geary et., room 1.
/j— 30 cSsar stands: prices. $73 (o $2000; rent
?*; to >!_." monthly: profits, $2 to $7 dally
HEDGES. 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. *25 Market
PAYING hardware and ship store: good, cleai
stock; can be bought on easy terms; mak'
offer; no agents. Apply 10 Folsom et.
FOR Sale — A fine barber outfit including
French plate mirrors. 4x2; price $30. 82
San -Pablo ave., Oakland. -
TOU SALE — A rood paying fruit store. Cor
ser Buchanan and O'Farrell. 1459 BuchananBuilders'. Contracts.
¦ Germain Pouchan (owner) with I* P. Perr»
mont (contractor), architect ' . . AH work
for a 3-story frame building (stores, flats and
stable) on SE corner of Scott and Oak streets,
81:3 on Oak by 39:6 on Scott: $8850.
William H. Haley (owner) with Wjlllam P.
Todd (contractor and architect) — All work for
a '2-story frame building on' lots 30. and 31.
block C. College Heights; $3500. ¦ :^
John TurnlcUSe. .(owner) with M. Loftus .
(contr«;tor>. architect William Curlett — AH
work for a 2-story frame . building (4 Oats) on
E Une at Bartlett street. 185:9^ 3. of Twenty
third, S 50 by E 125: $9320. . -. ¦¦ • - ..
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEI*
Mrs P Kelly. Redding
R W D«vint. N Y
C H Hamman, S Jose
Thos Gafley, Cal
W Hoyt; Cal , ..
G ' Engensmeyer. Cal
B F Young. Paso Rbls
T Brown, Iowa
W B Johnson & w.Arlz
J Koch & w, N Orlns
C W Klnney.Nev .
J Kinney, Alaska
E R Williams, Nev
S W Anderson. Taxaa
A DufTard, N Orleans
J , Laveronl. Vallejo ,
W Ball son. Courtland
C F Clancy. Seattl*
H G Creichton. Pa .-
C L McChesney. Fa
J C Bedlnger. Ky . ¦>
ITort-tcrri Wheat Market. /
OREGON. f. '¦
• PORTLAND, May \ 1.. — Wheat. , nominal;
Walla. Walla. 65%@66c; bluestem, 66^jc '.
; WASHINGTON.
TACOMA.. May 1. — Wheat, unchanged; blue- '¦"
stem, 66c; club, CSc 1 . , •'.'. " •
.._¦¦.--¦_
Waldo M. and Clara W. York ' and Edith
May "WWtwortb to Edward N. Prouty,- lot on
NW corner of • Virginia and Walnut streets.
N 100, \T, 127.42, S to N.llne of Virginia. E
to beginning, blqck"Crmap plat of Percy Tract,
Berkeley; $10. \ .-. ; -•¦ • . .
W from McPherson street. W 22- by S 1% lot
22, block IS. Map of Oak Shade Tract. Ala
meda; $10.
Fred N. and Jessie H. Delanoy and EdwJn
A.^and Mary A. Randlett to David A. Dickie,
lot on E Une of Laurel street, 320 S from. Clin
ton avenue, S 40 by E 130, lot 18, block. A.
Map Bellevue Tract, Alameda: $10.
Annie FoJey (widow) to H. A. Clark, lot on
SW corner Of Lincoln- (or Eleventh) and Peralta
streets, W 100 by S 34:6, portion o£ block 712.
Boardman Map, Oakland; $10. * '• ¦¦
James M. and Ada. C. Shannon to Adeline
N. Belcher, lot 28, map subdivision of Lakes
Merrltt Park, East Oakland; $10. ;¦ . - .
Henry A.' and Christine S.' Pleitner to Franz
M. and Em Hie L: Lorenz. tot on S line of Sher
man street. 250.16 W of Fruitvale avenue, ,W
50.01, S 157.54, E 50 by N 15.6.44, lot 12, map
Derby tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Same to William Stonewall J. Stephens, lot
on NW line of Redwood road. 324.59 NE at
Main street. NE 77:6;; NW 3tf4 to center ot
Adams Creek, SW. along center of said creek
to intersection by line drawn at right angles
to' Redwood road, from plat beginning SS
346.17, to beginning of lot 57 and portion lot
58,. map -Pleitner' Heights, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. . , . .
Continental Building ' and- Loan Association
to Lenna Hay, S % of lot 12, all. lot 11 and N
%'of lot 10, block C, map' of Fruitvale Station
tract,' Brooklyn" Township; $10." • ''
W. E.' and Ermihia P. Dargle to L. C. More
house, lot 229, map Rose tract, Brooklyn
Township: $10. --.-- -
Marguerite Morelet to George Wolff, lots 1
to ti, map Central Avenue 1 tract; also lot on
N .line pf -Portland street. 172:5' E of Central
avenue.' E 60 by^N 110, lots 7 and 8 same map;
also lots 6 and 11,- map resurvey.of Hogan's
resubdivlsion of lots 23 to 2t» Kittsland tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.- " - ¦ - - - -
1 Ralph K. and Arthur K. Blair (sons of Mary
L. K. B. Yarde-Buller) to R. O. Gray, lot on
N line of Eighth street. 200 E of Fallon, N 130.
E 189 to' fence, thence along said fence S to
point 70 "N from N 'Hue -of Eighth street ex
terded, SE right angles. W 132:8 to point 250
E of Fallon street, • S 70, W 5O (recorded April
29. 1902), quitclaim «e«d. Oakland; $1.
George • T. Wright (as guardian estate of
Mary Leilah'Klrkham Blair Yarde-Buller, In
competent) to same, alt interest In same (re
corded April 29. 1902). Oakland: $SSO. «
William H. Chapman (and as trustee under
657 D. 117. 748 D. 38, Alameda, etc.) to same,
same (recorded April 29. 1902) Oakland; $880.
Ralph K. and Arthur K. Blair (sons) to Adam
Jacobs, lot on NE corner of Fallon and Sev
enth streets. N 68 by E 100. block 201. Kellers
berger's Map (recorded April 29. 1902) quit
claim deed. Oakland; $1.
George T. Wright (as guardian estate of
Mary L. K. B. Yarde-Builer. incompetent) to
same, all interest in same (recorded April 29.
' 1902). . Oakland; $1260. •
William H. Chapman (and as trustee under
657 D. 117. 748 D. 38. Alameda. etc.) to same,
same (recorded 'April 29, 1902). Oakland;. $1260.
A.-Mecartney to Mary Maloney (widow), lot
on SE corner of West and Eighteenth streets,
S 103:9 by E 90. lots land 4, block E map
property North Oakland Homestead Associa
tion and on map of block 297. quitclaim deed,
Oakland; $12.
J. II. and A. S. Macdonald to Margaret A.
Brewer (wife of John H.), lot on N line of
Thirteenth street. 200 W of Clay. W 1.29 by N
100, block 188, Kellersberger's map, quitclaim,
deed. Oakland; $1. . .
Mardon D. and Annie Wilson to R. F and
Abby L. Ingraham. lot on E line of Lewis av»
. nue; 177.40 N of Hopkins- street N' 50 by- -Si
125i lot 7. block 4. map East Oakland Heights •
East Oakland: $10. .jr . - "
Frank . A. • Davte to C. L. Brown, lot on S
lln« of' Blake street. 223 W of Ellsworth W
50 by S 135. lot 33. block 1454, map Blake Tract
N^; 2. Berkeley; $10. . .
' Andy L. ¦ Stone (married) and E. B. and A.
L. Stone Company (a corporation)- to jr. c. Ford
(pingle), lot on NW line of Walnut or Grand
avenue, 320 NE of Laurel street. NE 40 by NW
120.. lot 204. nap Madison Square. Elmhurst
Brooklyn Township: •«©.' " **" aj ? I^"»-
Harriet Louis (Nlelson. formerly widow ot
Jens Nielson) to Alameda Building and Loan
Association, Jot 37.- .block ,C. map plat of Dart
¦of Fitch Tract. Alameda; $248. . .-_ ¦'
* John > H. ' and • Margaret . A. Bre'wer to' % • H '
and A." S. Macdonald, lot on,N tin* if Thirtletli
street. 200 -W of Clay, E 50 by N loof lots 2<\
and 27. block 188. Kellergberger's Map. cult
claim deed. .Oakland; $1. . = .
C- J»: and Lucia. .H. Woodbury -to. Gustav
Oberg, -lot- -on 3 .line. of Delger or .Twentieth
'street, ._491tU^E..9f. San Pablo, avenue, ¦ E 33-:4
by S 86, portion of rots 23 and 24; block 2002,
Map Hogan Tract, Oakland; $10. ¦•- / . ,' : .-
Edward- P. Flint (slnele) to. F. W. Bllger.
' lot on NW Une or Vernon - street.- at Inters
section- with' the S -Hne"of Flint Tratct NE
68:2. NW 121.02. SW 62.94, to common eorner
of lot* -8 and- 9. block L.- • and' lands of -AI
Wood and W.- T. • Hamilton, thence SE along
line dividing land of said . Hamilton from Flint
Tract. 123.32 to beginning, lot 9.. brock L.
Map Flint Tract, . No. 2. eortlon Oakland
Heights, quitclaim deed, 'Oakland: $5,
Joseph M.. Jessie T. and W. O'B. Macdon
ough. John G& and Agnes M. As? ar (Macdon
ough) and a? trustee under wilt of Joseph
Macdonough-. deceased, to James G. and Julia
T. Dorrell,-lot on S line of Thirty-first street.
115 W of Grove, W 50 by S 140, lot 8, blocic
2034. Official Map of City of Oakra^td, Oa_i
land; StO; ' ¦ . . ¦ ~ ,
The Panama' Railroad Company's steamship
Argyll sailed yesterday for Panama wita about
400U tons of freight.
Argyll Sails for Panama.
Mary F.. John J., Lawrence J.,' Bernard' L.,
Thomas F., James E. and Joseph F. • Conlan
to Margaret Conlan,' lot on S line -of Minna
street, 235 E of Third. E 20 by S 75; gift.
Leon and Linnie Kauffman to Oscar T. Lun-
Ing. lot on N corner of Third and Jessie streets;
NW 69, NE 7d, SE 31, NE 4, SE 38, SW-83,
subject to 26 cov. 410; $10.; , ¦ -
Henry Kahn to same, same, quitclaim deed;
.$10. . :.¦¦• ¦¦ :¦ ¦ ¦ • r ' ¦¦-"' ' •¦ '-¦.
Alexander Magee • to George T. and Fannie
McGrath, lot on E line: of Florida street,- 150
N of Eighteenth, 'N 50 by E 100; $10. . ¦*
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to Epifanlo ; Ar
rocela," lot on E line of Carolina (Street, 100.
S of Twentieth. S 25 by E 100; $10. •
Jessie Smith, Mary J. Mayborn (Little). (wife
of, Charles G) to John McLaren, lot on N
line of D street; 27:6 W of Fourteenth avenue,
W 25 by N 100; $10. . -
George Krastlng to Annie Ahkann. -lot on W
line of Tenth avenue, 125 S of K street, S
25 by W 120: $10. * - ?
Harriet E. Winter (single) to Edgar B. Salsig,
lot on SE corner of Tenth avenue and L street,
E 120 by S. 100; 510. .; -
D. J. Reeng to / G. Poncln, . undiyided one
third of lot on E line of Falcon street, 150:8
NE of Diamond alley,. NE 55:2, SE 165, SW
02:5, NW 100,, lot 9, block 22,, Market-street
Homestead: also lot on SW corner of Ocean
road and Pearl alley, SW 100:8. NW 162, NE
05. SE 187, lots 2 and 3, block 22. same; $5.
Margaret A. O'Brien (Cavanagh) (wife of J.
J.) to Anna O'Gorman Cwtfe of Matthew),, lots
, 132 and 134, Gift Map 1; $10.- ¦ »
Estate of. David L. Farnsworth (by : Fannie
P. ' Farnsworth, executrix) to William H. ¦ Ha
ley lots 30 /and 5*31, block C, Sunset Heights ;
$2000. ; '¦¦ ¦' j- "- "-' ¦ ' . • • : • ¦ ' ,
! >¦ Fannie -P. Farnsworth tot^ame, same; $1...
; Thomas Magee to Walter Magee, undivided
half of following: Lots 3 and 4 ± blpck A, lots
23 to 27. block; Clots i 1 to 7, 34 and 35, block
D, lots 2,'3,!4,'12,13,:19 and 20. block E. lots
1 and 2, , btock' F, lots 1 to 4, 13 to 16, 22 to'
26 block G, lots 17 to 20 , and 24, block D,
French and Glllman- Tract : also lot on S line
of Rlchland avenue. 410 W of Mission street,
W 15 by S 100, lot 5. block E, same; $10. "• :
'¦• Frederick E. and. Bell M. Magee to same; lot
4, block A," lots 1 to 0, 17,V IS.- 24, 33 and 34.
block D/ lots 5, 12. 19. block E, lots 1 and 2,
block F. lots 3. 4 and 25. block G; same; $10. .
¦ Walter flnd Flora G. • Magee to Frederick E. 1
Magee, lot 3,' block A." lots 23 to 27, block C.
lots • 7, ' 19 20i > 32 and 33, . block D, lots 2, ' 3
and 4, 13 and 20, block E. lots 1. 2. 13 to 16.
22 to 24 and 26, block G, undivided one-fourth
of lot 31, block D, same; $10. : v "j
; fAlameda' County '. ;
' • J. Carlton Everett" to" Fannie E. Carleton
(single), lot on ; S line of Eighth- street. 110 W
of Castro. W 40 by S*100, blocK 71, Kellersber
ger's map, (Oakland -(quitclaim deed); $10.^ ¦. :
.< -.Elizabeth Shipley (widow), to Alice M. Price
(wife ol. William E.),' lot on N line of Twenty-
William A. and Sophronia I. Trubody (wife)
and Josiab P. Trubody to. Paolo Segale, lot on
N Une of Greenwich street. 137 :6 : W- ol . Stock
ton, W 45:9 by N 137:6; $10. . - .
Patrick and Elizabeth R. Troy, to Blanche
Converse; lot on N line of Sacramento street,
137:6 W of Hyde. W. 45:10 by N 120; also all
interest in land on E; also lot on on NW line
of Market street, 175 SW of City Hall avenue,
SW 25 by NW 100; $10. '
City and County of San Francisco to Lucy
M. Reilly. lot on S line of Thirteenth street, 80
E Ct Guerrero. E 30 by S 80; S . ¦ < > '
Albert S. Hall to Matilda H. Hall, lot on W
line of Capp street, 65 S of Twenty-first, ' S 60
by W 122:6; also lot on E line of Dolores
street, 122 N of Twenty-second," N 30:6 by E
117:6; gift. * .
• Same to same, lot on NW corner of Twenty
sixth and Capp streets, W 30 by N 65; gift. '
Gertrude S. . Bowers to Chester S. Smith, lot
commencing 100 E of Locust street and 127 :S-Vi
N of Jackson, N 94:1%, E 37:7%, S 97:5%, W
37:«; gift. " .
Edwin J. Moran to J. F. D. Curtis (as trus
tee Herbert Harrington Pixtey. Vera W. Pix
ley under trustee : In will of Amelia V. R. Plx
ley) lot on S line of California street, 160 E
of Brodertck. E 27:6 by S: 137:6; $10.
• Catherine T. and James S. Bunnell to Anne
T. Tubbu, lot on N line of Pacific-avenue, 162JJ
W of Pierce street. AV 43:9 by N 127:8ft; $10.
-. William and Ellen A. RIgby to Leonhard and
Antonla - Mayhofer. lot on S line of Fulton
street, 110 E of Steiner, E 27:6 by S 110;
$2540. • , - ¦.
(THURSDAY, MAY 1.
Charles ami Leah Offer to Gustav Harshall,
ra-record 1766 D. 46. lot on N line of Post
street 177:6 W of Larkin. W 24:3 by N 120;
$10. • ".' . '¦ •
M. A. . Cachot- to Catherine T. Cachot. lot on
N line of Golden Gate ¦ avenue. 137:6 E of
Steiner street, E 68:9 by N 137:6: gift.
' Frank. X or Frank X. Holscher to William
Corbln. lot 28. block 1. Holly Park Tract; $10.
William and Aggie E. Corbln to Lena S. Har-'
rlson, lot 28, block 1. same; $10.
Nathan and Paulien Mainlar to same, lot on
W line of Ware street and NE' line of San
Bruno road. N 109:4%. W 76, SE 1.12:6%., block
7 Gardten' Tract Homestead Addition; $ .
; ' . Solomon and - Emma Ducas and Olive Ver
kouteren (widow) to Louis and Sarah Epstein^
same; $10: ' .
Thomas W. and Rachael V. Fisher to same,
NW y. allots 8 and 9, to 23, block. 807, samej
$310. • - ¦'- '¦; ¦ • •• -.i
Madeline H. Lissack to Olive Verkouteren,
lot on E. line of San Bruno avenue., 225 N of"
Burrows street. N 50 by'E 100, lots 10 and 11,
block B, Haley Purchase; $10.
Ida and A. Muller to Salomon Ducas, lot on.
W line of Ware street and NE line of San
Bruno avenue, N 100:4%, ,W7«.SJD 132:«9i,
block 7. Garden Tract Homestead Addition: $5
Clara E. 'Roncovieri to Ignacia S. de Sarabla.
lot on S line of Hlnckley street, 62:6 E of Du
pont, E 35 by S 57:6; $10. : :
MlgueL and Maria Miguelajaureguy to Martin
Sherwood lot on' E line of Stockton street,
108:9 N of Pacific, N 28:9 by E 68:9; $10.
George Brooks to Mary A. Brooks, lot on- S
line of Sacramento street, 137:6 E of Powell.
E 30 by S 54. quitclaim deed; $1000.
Rebecca,' Edward B., Elsie 'L. and James H.
Jennings, Jefferson E. and Rebecca Doolittle to
Joseph W., Herman L., and Stanley T. Welch,,
lot on SW line of Spear street, 160:5 NW of
Mission, NW 22:11 by SW 137:6; $10.
Prudencia Faz and Jeremiah Mahony, lot on
SE line of Jessie street, 337:6 NE of Fifth, NE
25 by SE 70; $10. .
. Mary Hammond- to Joseph P. Hammond, lot
on NW line of Minna street, 200 SW of Sev
enth. SW 25 by NW 75; gift. . f>',
American Surety Company (a corporation) to
Lucy A. Haryett, lot on N line of California,
street, 82:(T E of Twenty- fourth avenue. E 2j
by N.100; $1900.
Mary Hammond to Mary C. Espy (wife ot
William C), 'lot on N line of A street. 32:6
W of Tenth avenue, W 25 by N $100; gift.
I. S. R. and Marion Trevendate to Frank O..
Hale, lot on E line of Forty-fourth avenue, :
250 N of ti street, N 50 by E 120; $10.
Eetate of Horace Webster (by Cyrus R. Sar
gent and Frank H. Webster, executors) to F.
A. West undivided '.£ of lot on W line of
Eighteenth avenue, 79:6 N of Q Btreet, N 328,
NW 78:6, SW 327:6, SE 98:3; also unuUlded
¥• cf lot on W line of Seventeenth avenue. 209:1
S of P street, S 327:11. NW 240:4, N 327, SK
210:4; also undivided Vt of lot on E line ot:
Seventeenth , avenue. 212:10 S of P street, S.
327:10 SE 183:2, NE 327:6, NW 200:11; $600. ¦
Frank H. and Horace Webster Jr. and Kate
W." Sargent to same, all interest in same, quit-"
claim deed; $10.
Thomas L. and Laura Comyns to Christian,
H. Behring. lot on SE corner of Crescent ave
nue and Porter street. S 75 by E 23:4, portion,
lets 76, 78 and 80, Holllday Map A; $1900.'
Bridget O'Reillv (Lyons) to Mary O'Reilly,,
lot on W line of Bright street. 175 N of Stan
ley, N 25 by W 100, lot 45, block 50, City Land
Association; gift. - VS '". ' •¦. ¦ . - - .'.'
Marquard and Hans C. Hansen to S.'H. Har
mon. Lumber Company, lots 8 to 24, block 807,;
Salt Marsh and Tide Lands, quitclaim deed; $1. :
WEDNESDAY. '. APRIL 30.
C A. or Calvin A. Shaw" (single) to Joseph
A. Lango (married), lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue. 45 N of East Twenty-first street. N
35 by E 100. block 130; same subject to deed
of trust 815 D. 24S for^ $1400, East Oakland;
X10 ,. vi..-- • . -' ' ""¦ ¦ ":"¦ -" r -'<|" - : •" ¦ ¦ ¦
F. J and Dell C. Woodward. (wife) to Robert
Hughe's lot on N corner of Second avenue and
East Eleventh street. NW 75 by NE 120. block
27 same East Oakland; $10. ' ¦
Same to John. H. Pierce, lot on NTST-llne of
Second avenue. 160 NE of East • Eleventh
street, NE 40 by NW 75. block 27, same. East
Oakland; $10* ' ¦ . - >
Abigail V. and Joseph Graves to Helnrike
Muna (widow), lot on NW line of Nlnthi ave
nue. 93:6 :SW of East Twelfth streeet. SW 2»
by NW 110. block 34. same. East Oakland 1 ; $10
'William R.* McLean (single), to A. L. Sjo
berg lot on W line of Union street 300 N from
Twenty-eighth. X 10 by W 115. block 1. Map
of "Lands of Peralta. Homestead Association,
Oakland; $10. - - * •
' W. J. Happ (single) to Mrs. Eleanor : B.
Nevin lot on W.line of Terminus street,- 180 8
from Peralta avenue. S 40 by W 130, lot 1C0,
Map of property of Capital Homestead Associ
ation, Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
Joseph J. and Barbara Mason (wife) to James
Leman Roblson, lot on NW corner of Blake
and Ellsworth streets. W 60 by N 135; tot 24
block 1454. Berkeley, property Maps Nos. 1 and
2 Blake Tract, portion- plat 69, Berkeley: $100
'Savings and Loan Society' to Virginia F. Da
kin (wife of Frederick H.X. lot on'N line of
Rose street, : ISO W from Spruce, W-80 by N.
127. block 14, Map of B«:rryman Tract. Berke
ley: $1000. , ¦.-.','. ¦•• .
, : Mary A. Stahle - (single) to . Leonore Chlnn
lot on E line" of Benvenue avenue, 140 N from
Derby street. N40 by E 159.44; being N half of
lot 27 and S half, of lot 28, ' block H, Map of
Hlllegass property. Berkeley; $ia . .
Levl'J. Moran (single) to Q. Amerup (mar
ried),' let . on S Une . of i Ashby avenue, 92. 62 E
from Deakin street, E 4O.by S 140." lot 6, block
F. ; Map- resubd! vision lots M tQ 6.'- block F
Woolsey Tract. Berkeley: $10. ¦-•„¦'. >. -.*
. Thomas M. .Scully to John P. Scully,' all In
terest in ' lot" on ' S line of CenUal a\>enue, 120
Horaee E_ and May Parkinson to Katie M.
West, subdivision B and N Mi of subdivision C
of lot .36,. resubdlyision of lots 7 .to 9, subdi
vision 36\ map No. 3, Glen Echo Tract, quit
claim deed, Oakland; $tO. .
¦ Henry Nedderman to Mary J. .Nedderman
(v.'ife), lot on SW line of East Twenty-fourth
street. 264 NW of Eleventh avenue, NW. 30
by SW 150. portion double block 143. Clinton.
East Oakland: alsa lot on NW line of Eijchth
street. IPO SW of East Twenty-s«cond. SW 50
by NW 125, portion double bock 132, Clinton.
¦East Oakland; gift. N -
•Fannie E -Temple (single) to- John and Jo
sephine Lopez (wife). ¦• lot -13, block B,' • map
'Paradise Park.. Berkeley: $10; '. .' '
L. C. and. Miriam. Morehouse to "Walter. John
Kenyoh, all interest {acquired under certificate
of , sale March 8. ' 1902. lot 54. : . Map Elmhurst
Park, Brooklyn Township; grant. .-. •
¦Marie E. Coleman" (wtf e or Charles Coteman)
to Olap and Annie ' Olson (wife), lot on SK
line of Tobler street, 207 from East Bray ave
nue, E 29 by' S 178.52,. lot 20. .Map Lamp
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10. . .• 5
Mrs Mary and Qskar R. Markleln to Mrs.
Marie J Beall. lot on N line ot Briggs avenue,
900 E of High street, E 40 by. N 203,; being
W 40 feet pf lot 20-.. Map Bri«rs Tract, lots
39 to 41, Old .Town of Alameda: $1500. ,
J. H.. and Emma J. Mlddleton to .Blanche
Whltehead (.wife of R.). lot on E line of .Tel«
graph avenue 29.98 S of Orchard street, S 32
by E 100. portion lots 2 and 3. map Armoa
Tract subject to $3500 due Federal Security
Company. Oakland; $10.. »,1 ,.¦;
Lulgln-MarandB t» Paulo Marando, lot' 49.:
map Ceritnr- Street. Borne Lota at Oakland
Point being- same property as in 213 I>. 220,
Oakland;. $10... ". T V I / _-'¦>.
Frcdericko^'Heiden to Theodor Rudotph
Lcmko, lot on W line of Harlan street. 416:9
N from N.W line of. Peralta, N.25..by VT 130,
subdivision B in lot 8, block .802. map No. .2.,
Watts " Tract, ¦ deed not- to be recorded . until
after death of- first party, Oakland ; $10. •
Samuel Rubel to Matta J. Hearne, lots 38
and 39,. block E, map reaubdlvlslon of block
E of Elmhurst Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10.
"' Frank Lembergei; et aL Nos. 7779. 7778, 7780.
7800 (by ' Oscar L. Rogers, Sheriff.) to * Henry
W. Taylor, lot on E line of Tenth street. 200
S of Bancroft way or street, S 72 by E 135,
Berkeley: $030. .
Plummer.Improvement Company to Frederick
H. Clark, Hot on E line of Piedmont street,
120 S" of Kearney avenue, S 120 by E --133*
lot. 3, block 6, map property of John Kearney,
Berkeley; $10; . . •- ' /
Henry Palmer (single) to Johanna. Begley
(wife of Patrick Begley), lots 10 and 11. block
8, Map Jose Domingo Tract, Berkeley; $10.
. Minnie Vaughan or Vaughn and Clarence K.
Vaughan to C. Fred; Renz, lot on E ' line of
Grove • street, U0 N of University avenue N
41.60, E 134.65, S 31.99, W 135, portion lot 7,
Map Twitchell Tract, Berkeley: $10.
/Louise: J. Mohr (wife of Hermann. J.) to
Hermann J; Mohr, undivided two-thirds inter
est in property formerly conveyed; by second
party to first party March 16. 1900, 729 D. 250
1«8.57 acres, Eden Township; gift.
Charles Jr. and Lillle D. Achard to Henry
Ruedy, lot on E. line of Franklin street 73 S
of Seventh, S 25 by E,75,>lot 8. block W. Kel
lersberger's Map, Oakland; $10.
•Adolph C. Weber to Amanda A. Sanders
lot on E line of Telegraph avenue; 100 12 S
of Edwards street, S 50:06. E 122.77, If 60
W 125.38, lot 31, Map Pacific Theological Sem
inary Tract No. 2. Oakland; $10.
- Anson S. and Anita S. Blake to Margaret A.
Powers (widow), lot on W line of Myrtle street
119 N of Third, N 25 by W' 125, lot 43, block
481, Map Hardy's Addition to Adeline and
Market Street Homestead, Oakland; $10
George G. Macklnnon (single) to J. N. Bon
ham, lot, on SW corner of Peralta. avenue- and
Terminal street, 40 on Terminal street by 130
lot -96, map property of Capital -Homestead As-*
soclatlon, Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10
Sarah Jane O'Brien (widow), to E. J. Cunha
and M^ Henas, lot on E line of Thirteenth ave
nue, IOC SW- from S corner said avenue and
East Fourteen tb^ street, SW 75 by SE 100
block 153,- Clinton Tract, deed given to- correct
¦deed between same parties of June 26. 1900
743 D 151.' East Oakland: $10.
/ 'Margaret and William Thompson to Amanda
Wilbur, .lot 5, block H, Map Tuohy's- Second
Addition to Berkeley, Oakland Township; $J.O
. Minna C. and Ernst or Ernest C. Nlehaus
to Mrs. Isaac L. Smith, lot on N line of Alca
traz avenue (69 feet wide), 130:5% E of Lowell
street. E 50. N 143:2. W 50. S 143:3, lot 8,
block B, map subdivision of S portion of Har
mon Tract, Berkeley: $2700.
Mrs. Grace. Gertrude "Waithman. (widow) to
Mrs. Pauline Cooper (wife of Frederick T.),
lots 17 and 18, block E, map of Anspacher
Tract, a resubdivlsion of portion of Haywards
Tract. Eden Township; $3000.
G. Hummer to Josephine Magagnos, Albert
ine. George E. and William P. Plummer (chil
dren of first party), equal Jbares in following:
Lot on E line of Sherman street. 150 N of
Kings avenue, N 50 by E 130, lot 15, block 2,
Fitch Tract, Alameda. and described in 402 D.
454; lot on E line of Sherman street. lOfr S of
Kings avenue, S 100 by E. 130, loU 19 and 20.
block 3, v .of' Chapman: survey of Pacific Land
and Improvement Company's property at Mor
ton-street station, Alameda; -property out of
county ; gift. - , ; ,
George H. Budge (single) to Annie K. Logan
(wife of Walter E.). lot on E line of Lowell
street, 45 S of Tompklns. S 90 by E 120. sub
divisions B and C, in block 29, map reaubdl
vislon by Smith of Matthews. Tract, Berke
ley; $10.
fourth street. 08 W.of Chestnut, W 24 by N
100. block 641. Boardman's map, Oakland; $10.
R. B. Gray (by J. W. Striker. Town Marshal
and ex-offlcio Tax Collector of Berkeley) to J.
G. Klumpke, lot 1, block 6, map of State Uni
versity Homestead No. 3, Berkeley (tax deed);
J.. G. and B. Klumpke to- Robert B. Gray,
same (quitclaim deed); $10. " •
The British tramp steamship Caithness ar- .
rived yesterday from Calcutta, with a cargo of
gunnies, burlap and jute. She was fifty days
uorning from Calcutta and twenty days from
Mororan, where she called for coal. • ¦ ¦ ¦» '
Tramp From India.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Paul Zocchi. employed on State Dredger Na
2. fell frena the upper works of the dredger
yesterday and sustained severe injuries. Colo
nol Burgoyne,. who was passing in his carriag*
at the time of the accident, conveyed the in
jured man to his home. .
Dredgrer Hand Hurt.
Will Be Overhauled.
The river steamer T. C. Walker will go out
oC .coramission to-day and will be given a thor
ough • overhauling. The process will occupy
about two months, during, which time the Mary
Garratt will take the Walker's run to Stockton,
. -Anchors Recovered.
Thomas Crowler yesterday located and re
coveted the anchod lost recently by the British
ship Windsor Park. The anchor lost by the
Vimlera wa* also found yesterday by the tug
Ben King. There were fifteen fathoms of chain
attached to tbe Windsor Park's mudhook. while
the Vlmlera.'» anchor had attached to It a chain
measuring . mare than fifty fathoms.
' J- G. Tyrrell, the new assistant chief wharf--
Jnger,ye,<i<[erday. assumed the dotica of hi3 of
fice.: J.Vc". Thompsoa was assigned ' for duty.
as T/harfin^er at Main street and J. F. JIc- ,
Govern w«- transferred from Main street to
Lroadway. •¦ itcGovern la an expert account
ant an£ has been placed at Broadway to put th«
books in p»opet shape.
Wharflngets Change.
: Captain. 'Harry ¦ Marshall, whose r'Sslgflatldn
¦a captain" of the transport iender Slocum wenr
Into effect ¦ on Wednesday nlsrht. yesterday're
sumed his. service .with the , Spreckels TowbAat
Company as captain of. the Defiance: He suc
ceeds .Captain , Trewren. iWho taken command i
of. tlfc "Alert 'n place of Captain O. Olsen, who
eailed yesterday on the Sonoma for Honolulu.
TFtterpihc-wlH retlctre Captain Gilbert Bro*aw '
of the command of the tug FeJtrless, stationed
at that port. .. : ...-..-
Marshall Gets Defiance.
\ The officers ot the river stsamnr T- C .
IValker rescued a passenger who had been pnt
ashore from the J. 'D. Peters; from drowning at
Black Diamond yesterday niornlnsr. H<» wa*
drunk and disorderly oh the - Peters anrt ' wa* '
left at Black Diamond out of consideration . for
the other passengers, : who objected to his hi
larity. Ho walked off the. wharf. . and . when
the Walker came along the' j>nr3er discovered
him up tq his neck In the water, clintrin? to a.
pile, almost sober andpraylnsr tar rel<?a*e from
a watery grave. Ho was left at Black. Dla-
CGnd tote dried out. ¦ -. . -
Failed to Walk on. Water.
THE SAN ; FEA3STCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1902.
13
- : : ' : '-'" : "''-- / ---'j-2-_^^_ l ™_ 3 _^_ J _F^:-:^^-^. _'_ ':.'.-. -_r' n '
GIBSON TAILOR' VstjrrS-i^A--; large assortmenf of exGlu-
' ' ' sive novelties in the new j shades of Grays, Tansj Blues,
!- - -Browns and Blacky $22.50 to $75x50.
! FEATHER BOAS— A sharp- reduction of 15 to 30 per cent
,cfi all Boas. ¦ / : . ' ; V
MOIRE— ETbNS — TAFFETA— Roll collar, silk Taf-
.; feta Etons, $5.00. Moire Etons at '$6.00, $8.50, $10.00,
$12.00, $15.00. ¦
OXFORD GRAY - ALL-WOOL SUITS, an odd lot of
" broken sizes. reduced from $20.00 and'$i7-5o to $12.50.
• 100 BLACK CLOTH ETON JACKETS, $3.50^
SPRING 1 WEIGHT JACKETS — Blacks and Tans in
Cheviots, Kerseys and Covert Cloths; $5.00, $6.00,
$7.50, $10.00. ; v .
THE ' of fleers '-. and members " of Court Apollo
I No:. 7802,' A."'. O.':F.,' are : hereby, requested to
assemble at the '.undertaking-- parlors of-H.
•¦¦F. Suhr. & Co. ¦ to a,ttend the funeral of our
'¦ ¦ late -brother,' '• Christian ' Wulff, . at 2 o'clock,
¦•¦to-day; Fraterhallyln'U., B.- and C, - .- ; - ¦•-•¦
, -,» JOHN A. WINTERS. Chief, Ranger. :-
"GEORGE J. BERGER. Fln.'Sec.; >
GJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ' the funeral to-dav
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the pariors of
the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company,
.1209 MVwlon ..street, between ..; Eighth and
; Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue,' between- Jones and
• Leaveriworth \ streets.- for services. Inter-'
. men t ' Holy Cross ' Cemetery. . - •' ; :
V/IGHTMAN — In this city. May 1, 1902, James
1 S. Wightman, beloved . husband i of the late
' Llzzln Wightman, and, beloved father of Hat-
tie, John,* Alice /and Albert Wightman, a
, native of Belfast. Ireland, aged 37 years 9
-. months and'16. days. ;-.'.
E7"Frien'ds and acquaintances are respect-
. fully lnvitedito attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1505 Montgomery street, thence to St
Franci^s Chunch, where a solemn requiem
I . mass /will . be celebrated for the repose of
the eoul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.-
WHEELER— In this city, April 30, 1902 at
1 St. Joseph's Hospital, Henry Wheeler, dearly
- beloved husband of Katie Wheeler, and be-
loved father of Nellie .'and-, Lizzie Wheeler
'a native of Brooklyn, N. Y., aged 52 years
' "11 months and/ 17 days.' I '--, :
E?"Friend3 are respectfully invited to at-
v.tend the funeral services Friday afternoon'
May 2, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence, 1316 Taylor street. Interment private '
VAHEY— In this ctty ,' April 30, . 1902, Hannah
beloved wife of Patrick Vahey, and mother
of John Francis, Patrick Henry, Martin An-
drew. William Clarence and the late Michael
and Thomas Vahey,. a, native of Carramore,
¦ parish of Kilmaln, County Mayo. Ireland.
Her duties are ended, f ¦' -
Her troubles are o'er.
' ' She has cross?d )-he Dark River . , ¦
To the heavenly shore* ,
C7 Remains at' funeral narlors of Charles
H. J. Truman & Co.; 1009 Mission street,
between ! Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Funeral
; and Interment in Aurora, III. <
SULLIVAN— In this city, April 30, 1902, Dan-
iel Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 54
. yoars.' • .;. ;¦ '•'. ¦ . ¦¦..¦- i-
TEVIS— In this city, -April 29, 1902, Susan G
- widow of the late Lloyd Tevis. \ .'
I C7"Frlends .and acquaintances are respe'et-
: 'fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1909
Mission street, between . Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by carriage. - .
8PREEN— In -this city, April 29, i 1902, Marie
beloved wife of Chrlstouh Spreen, mother of
¦ Willie :Voss, and sister of Mrs. Thomas
Pfaff. a native of Germany, -aged 00 years 5
..' months and 19 days. .
EJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday
¦ Muy 2. at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of H.
' F. Suhr &.Co:, ll.'57 t .Mission street, between
Seventh • p.nd Eighth. • Interment ( Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. , •
STEARNS — In this city. May. 1,; 1902. Charles
A. Stearns, fbrmerly of Aurora, 111., a na-
. tlve ,of ¦ New Hampshire, agecj 82 years 11
-months': and 24 days. • ' s ».
IC^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the mass Friday,
May 2, 1902, at 9:30 o'clock, which will bi-
celebrated for the ' repose ' of his soul at the
French Church of, Notre Dame des Victoires,
Bush street. Remains at the . residence of his
mother, 32l£ Willow avenue, near Polk
street- Interment strictly private, St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland. . .
PRATT— In this city. May 1, 1902, Alda Mar-
. garet; beloved daughter of Z. C. and Char-
'. lotte E. Pratt, a . native of Nevada, aged 3
• years 10 months and 17 days.
RATHBUN— In this city.Mayil, 1902, Minnie
' Rathbun, beloved wife of Frank W. Rath-
bun, mother of Lottie and Juanita Rathbun,
and daughter-in-law of F. L. Rathbun, . a
. native of San Francisco, aged 22 years 9
months and 9 days. •;•••.
¦ ETNotice of funeral hereafter.'
MELOCHE— April — , 1902. George, beloved
husband of Rosa Meloch&if and father of
George J., H. L., J. E., A. F. and Daisy
Mrloche and Mrs. Lena Peubin. and Mrs.
Agnes Trinis, a native of Canada, aged 55
years.
C^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
May 2, 1902. at 10 o'clock, from the mortu-
ary cha.nel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. ' Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
carriage. A member of Court Justice No.
7903, A. O. of Foresters. ' •
MULLER— In this city, April 29, 1902, Charles
Marcel, beloved son of Florentine E. Muller
and of the late Guy C. Muller, brother of
Fiorette Muller, and grandson of Constant
Marchand and Muller, a native of San
Francisco, aged 12 years and 3 months. ' "
." cy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend .'the" funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, • from her late' resi-
dence, 1531 . Oak. street! • Interment Moun-
¦ ¦' tain View Cemetery, Oakland. y "
MAYERS— In this city, May , 1, 1902, at her
residence, 817% Golden Gate avenue, Nellie
Jsabelle. beloved daughter of John and Anna
; .J: Mayers, and sister of Walter, Carrie. Ed-
gar and Vera Mayers, a native of Stockton,
Cal. . :•-.; . ..
CTTrlends arid acquaintances are re'spect-
. fully Invited to attend the -funeral to-day
(Friday), .at front • the sarlors of
McFadden, McBrearty & Green." 1171- Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem mass will ba' celebrated for the
.'repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock. .Inter-
nment Holy Cross Cemetery.- ' - ..' :
KLOPPENBURG— In •¦ this city.'May 1* 1902,
' Otto, dearly beloved husband' of Lucie Klop-
penburg, father of Mrs. Phlllpp ¦ Klefer, and
Rrandfather of Otto C, Gustave H. and
% Harry N. Klefer, a native ot Scharmbeck,
Germany, aged. 84 years 1 "month and 27
: days.
LANGENBACK— In this city, ADril 30, 1902.
Marie Laneenbaek, beloved- wife of ¦ John F.
Langenback, and mother of- Mrs. E. C.'Nlch-
' 0I3, Mrs. H. Beckwltb, Mrs. F. Daubenbls,
Mrs. J. T. Ransdall, Fred Langenback and
¦Mrs. P. S. Kenvllle. a native of Germany,
aged 74 years and 1 day. . "•
McDOUGALL— In this . city. AprU 30. , 1902.
Jane McDougall, wife of the late Daniel Mc-
' Dougall, mother of the late Daniel Mc-
¦'¦ Dougall Jr., and sister of the. late .Joseph
McLatchle, a native of Glasgow, Scotland,
,'a;ej 80 years.
E7 Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully- invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
" (Saturday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the par-
. lors of the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking
Company, 1209 Mission street, between
¦ Eighth and Ninth, thence ¦ to Notre Dame
des Victoires "Church, Bush street, between
Grant avenue and Stockton street, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
• pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 -o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' ¦<
HENNIG— In this city, April 30, 1902. Alice,
beloved wife of John Hennig, daughter of
Adolph Fine, and sister of .Arthur. Martha
and Annie Fine,, a native of. San Francisco.
a_ed 20 years. '_>'. ."'-„."•
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, May 3, 1902, at 11 o'clock, at the
residence of her. parents, 427 Lombard street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HOLLAND— In this city. May 1, 1902, Mar-
' garet, baloved wife of John J; Holland, and
devoted, mother of Daniel C. and John F.
Holland and the late Mrs. Jennie Casey and
Mrs. Julia E. Johnson, a native of County
. Cork, ' Ireland. • ¦ > . , ¦ .
IHTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son, 730 Fell street, . thence to Sacred
Heart. Church, where a -requiem hleh mass
" will be celebrated for the repose oj her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KELLY— In this city. April 30, 1902, Josenh
John Kelly; beloved . brother of Mrs. 1 Frank
- Traynor, and nephew of. Mrs. BlOella Mogan,
a native of: the parish of Craughwell, County
Galway, Ireland, aged 24 years 11 .months
and 1 0 days. •' .' - <<-,-¦
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by
train leaving Third and Townsend itreets at
-10:30 o'clock. ' .
FALLON— In" this city, May 1,' 1002; Edward
D.. beloved husband of Mary ' Fallon. and
I father of William J. and Edward D, Fal-
: Ion Jr., a native of : County Westmeath, Ire-
, land, ared 60 years. ¦ - : • • ; • ¦ :
ICTThe funeral will lake- place to-morrow
(Saturday), at S o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 539 San Bruno, avenue, corner Eight-
eenth Btreet. thence to St. Dominic s Church,
where a solemn requiem mass. i will be cele-.
bra ted. for the repose of his sijul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment private, in Holy
' : Cress Cemetery. ~
FRITZSCHEN — In Oakland, 1 May 1, 1902, Mt-
• • thllda -C. W., beloved r wlf »¦ ot Hermann - B.
Frltzsphen, mother. 6i Mabel . and the late-
Albert -Fritzschen, daughter of Mrs. Anna
C. Mansrels, and sister of Mrs. C. Flath-
"'mann. Mrs." E.'. Fricke, "Mrs. \7." H.-Holjes^
and H. J., Charles D. and W. - F. Mansrels.
a native of Germany, aged 30. years 5 months
. ind^C-'dai's. - ¦-'-;,! • ' ¦'¦¦.-¦¦
lETFrlends ana acquaintances are respect-
• fully. Invited to attend the. funeral services
Sundav, May 4, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at her
late < residence. 1307 Peralta street. Oakland.
; Interment Mountain View Cemetery.-
FULLER— In this city, 'April 30. 1902, Charles
• G., 1 beloved husband o£ Sophie Fuller, a na-
- tlve Of Melrose. • Mass., ased 43 years v 4
• months' and -.17 days. < . ' .- . • . .
: ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend 'the funeral:, to-day
. (Friday), at 1:30 -o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2027 Harrison street, between Twen-
ty-second and Twenty-third. Interment Cy-
. press Lawn Cemetery.' ¦ '• ¦ . . ¦'¦ '¦
GOODWIN— In this city. ADril 30, 1902, Sadie
A. Goodwin, beloved daughter of Zach and
Mary Prentice, ¦ a native of ' Point , Arena,
? Cal.. aged 13 years 1 month and' 27 days.
: C7"The - funeral will take place .to-day
(Friday);-- at- 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors-
of the' United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
: Btreet. Interment private, at . Holy , Cross
Cemetery. ¦' . ,'
HENRIOULLE— In this city. < April • 30, 1902.
Gustave HenrlouJle, dearly beloved husband
of Elizabeth Henrioulle, beloved brother of
Gregorie John B. Henrioulle. Lo U j s j 0 -
. eeph. Henrioulle of San Mateo -and jthe late
Elizabeth Boccr.s of Mountain View, and
uncle of Elisabeth, Ninna and Henry Hen-
rioulle of San Mateo and Louis] Henry and
the late Louis Joseph Henrioulle of San
Francisco, a native of Noduwek, Belgium,
aged 47 years 1 month and .1 days.' A mem-
ber of Winnemucca Tribe No. 01, I. O.R. M.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10: tel. 5580.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
•Call. 10 t>aKes; sent to any address In the
United State* or Canada one, year ..for ;$1.
SEWIXO MACH1 XE S AXD SUPPLIES.
AL T < kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
' pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205\4th.[
ALL kinds bough*, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest' rates: rhon* Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES. '
p7El ; tcl£SorKa^H~8l^
. flee Pout am,. Powell ptB. ; taU- Priv.- Ex. -571.
GOLDEN TvEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mls-
¦lon St.: tel. Howard 041. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BKKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; ihlpping at cut rates. '
PACIFIC Storaee and Furniture Moving Com-'
'. par.y. 2320 Flllmore »t. : rhone Jackson 281.
TVPKSVUITEnS ASD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS~m'TYPEWRIT¥RS— We'
Bell better machines for less money than any
S house in- the city; rentals f3_ The Typewriter
Exchange.. G36 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors;estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING ~AXn | MI.MKOGRAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies, 2e; mlm-
eosraphiiig. 027 Markt. rm. 305; Howard 1531).
niVIDEXIl NOTICES. '
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 41,. of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, rooms
. 2C2t4-i;. Kay-ward building. San Francisco,, on
May 10. VJ02. Transfer books close May 3,
1U02. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL, Secretary.
I'KOI'OS.VLS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. San Francisco, Cal., Col-
lector's Office, April 28. 1802.— Supplies for
Revenue Vessels. — Sealed proposals for sup-
plying rations and coal to vessels of. the
United States Revenue Cutter Service, regu-
larly stationed, or temporarily, at San Fran-
cisco. Cal., and delivered on board said ves-
sels at that place during the' fiscal year end-
Ing June 30, 1903j will be received at this
office until'- o'clock p. m. of Tuesday, May
13, 1902. at which time and place they will
be publicly opened. The coal furnished to be
anthracite or bituminous ot best quality:
uniform in character; to weigh 2240 pounds to
the ton; to be delivered on. board the. vessels
at such times and in such quantities as may
be required, at localities readily. accessible to
said vessels, and to be subject to inspection
as to- quality and weight. Bidders will name
the prices, both for steaming and stove coal,
and also their facilities for. furnishing the 1
vessels with fresh • water, and their charges
therefor. Blank forms of proposals, with
schedules showing component parts of i ra-
tions, may be had upon application to this
. office; proposals must be submitted on- these
forms. Separate bids will also be received
at the same time and place for lubricating
and illuminating oils. The right is reserved
to reject any or all bids, and no proposal will
be accepted until Congress, shall have made
an appropriation for the purpose. F. S.
STRATTON, Collector. - -' . -
MABBIAGE LICENSES. -
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ¦
Hugh'J. McGinnis, 31. city, and Emma. V.
Haslehurst. 23, city. ¦ '
Harry B. Gregg, "21, city, and Ida B. Over-
man, IT, Trenton.
Christian Bauer. 27, 148 Pfeiffer street, and
Frida Gock. 20, 148 Pfeiffer street!
Antonio J. Sears, 30, 25ti\b Minna street,
and Emma M. Kraft, 26, 25t>>4 Minna street.
James A. Cunning-ham, 33, 1S12 Bush street,
and Anna C. Eklund, 30, 1S12 Bush street. ¦
UHnpio M. Lulz. 32, €5 Jackson street, and
Anna B. Luiz, 20, C5 Jackson street.
I Francisco F. Deniz,. 26. 116 Jackson street,
end Francisca Candida, 2S..11G Jackson street.
Carl F. R. Werner, 45, city, and Emma
Dinesen, 41, city.
Harry A. Fraser, 22, 506 Second street, and
Helen G. Weatherbee. 24, Fruitvale. _^
BIRTHS— MRRIA&ES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
• mail will not be inserted, ffhey must be handed
fn at either x>f the publication offices and be.
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same published. '
BOB2J.
ATTELL — In this city, April 28, 1902, " to the
wife of M. Attell (nee Abrams), a son.
McNEIL— In this city. April 24, 1902, , to the
' wife of George A. McNeil, a son. >-...-:.
MABBIED.
BERRY— NICHOLS— ApriL 16. 1902, by the
Rev. Herbert Parrish, Horace J. Berry and
Ada Evelyn Nichols, both of San Francisco.
BLAKE-KSLLT — In this city, April 30; 1902,
by the- Rev. Herbert F. Briggs. castor- ot ¦¦
Central M. E. ' Church, Thomas . W. Blake
' and Pearl A. Kelly, both of San Jose, Cal
CUNNINGHAM— EKLUND— In this city. May
1. 1902, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor
of the First English Lutheran Church James
A. Cunningham and Anna C. Eklund, both
of San FranciKCO.'
GOODRICH— JOHNSON— In thi3 city April
27, 1902, by the Rev. Herbert F. Brigps,
pastor of Central M. E. Church, Joseoh R.
Goodrich of San Francisco and Jennie A.
Johnson of Maybee, Ohio.
JOHNSON— STONE— In this city, ADril 29
1902, by the Rev. Father Conley, Oscar R*
Johnson and Mary C. Stone, both of San
FranciEco.
DIED. ' ' .
Bonner, Nelson F. Langenback. Marie
Byrne, James McDougall, Jane
Cachot. Dr.' M". A. Mayers, Nellie I' "
Cook. Hermann MeWche, Georse
Dowline:, Mary E. Muller. Charles M.
Fallon, Edward D. Pratt. AldaM.
Fritzschen, Mathilda Rathbun. Minnie
Fuller, Charles G. Spreen, Marie ,,
\Goodwin. Sadie A, Stearns, Charles A.
Henrioulle, Gustave Sullivan. Daniel
Hennig. Alice ' Tevis, Susan A.
Holland, Marsraret Vahey. Hannah
Kloppenburg, Otto Wheeler. Henry
Kelly, Joseph J. Wightman, James S.
BONNER — In this city, April 27, 1902, Nelson
• Francis Bonner. beloved father of James F.
Bonner, Mrs. H. Waldon and Mrs. A. G.
Day, a. native of Kentucky, aged 70 years. ,
BYRNE: — In this city, April 30. 1902, James
Byrne, a native of Ireland, aged 75 years
' 1 month and 13 days.
E^Frieiics and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 'o'clock, from the carters- of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street. be~
¦tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment pri-
vate. .
CACHOT— In this city. April 29, 1902, Dr.
Maxmilllan A., beloved husband of - Cath-
arine Cachot, and father of Mrs. L. Therkel-
sen of Portland, Or., a native of France,
a?ed (J8 years. " . , -. ' ¦"¦
. (E^Frlends are respectfully fnv'.ted to at#
tend the funeral services Friday, at Jl
o'clock, at his late residence, 1316 Golden
Gate avenue, between Fillmore and Steiner
. streets. - . . . - . '. • -.'-¦'
COOK— In Birdsall. Fruitvale, ADril 30, 1902,
Hermann, beloved husband ot Anna Cook,
and brother of Henry, Doris, Mrs. Johanna
Brombacher and the late Louis Cook,- a na-
tive of Bremen, Germany, aged years 5
month* and 20 days. .. ¦ .
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, May -1, 1902, at 2 (V clock, at the
- German : Methodist Church, . corner East
Seventeenth street and Twenty-third avenue.
East .Oakland. . Interment Mountain View
, Ceiretery. . - ¦ ¦
DOWLING — In this city, April 30, 1902, Mary
! Eulalia, beloved daughter of Dennis and
Mary E. DowUngr, a native of Grass Valley,
Cal. (Grass- Valley, Cal., and Hartford and
Middletown, Conn., papers please copy.)
E_TFriencis and. acquaintances are respect-
. fully, invited to .. attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at. 8:30 9' clock, from her late resi-
dence, 9 Lafayette place, between Union and
Green streets, thence. to St. Francis Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated .for
,;. the repose of her soul, comraenclnc: at 9
HENRY j! GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
" DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AN!) EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
- Telephone South 80.' '
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 9E6 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367." .
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFaddea. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association ; M.- J.
McBrearty. with the same company for 10
years; P. • F. Green, - late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened -new Funeral Par-'
lors at 1171 St.. between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ]
UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
I 27 ana 29 Fifth St. Tel. South in? I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS. £
I FlneM Equipment n Kt , Moderate Rate*. J ;
/Jambs mcginn; I
' Formerly with 'McGinn . Bros.: has opened „ I
/new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st., 1 bet.' I
. Taylor and Jones. -Telephone South 57ft. ' ' |
REAL ESTATE--CITY-— FOR SALE.
AT AUCTION! ™ «v
AT AUCTION— AT AUCTION t
Extraordinary Auction Sale Without Limit or
Reserve. .'; .
SATURDAY MAY 10th, 1902. at 1:30 p. m,
AT LIBRARY HALL,
- ., SAN MATEO. .
Opposite the Depot.' ' ' ! ¦»¦ V
fl" BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
0T BEAUTIFUL HOME LOTS.
IN SAN MATEO PARK. .
The most beautiful suburban park on- the
peninsula. ' .;
Each let. consists of about one acre of ground
bordered with beautiful shade trees. •
Terms — 1-3 cash, balance can be paid in one
or two years. ¦ "' .
"San Mateo Park." formerly the celebrated
"Clark Tract," and owned by the same parties
since 165S. has recently been subdivided lntP
suburban home lots averaging about one acre
each. Vvide and winding avenues have been
laid out and thousands of costly shade . trees
border the property.
, San Mateo is the ideal suburban residence
property adjoining San Francisco, being- only
14- miles distant from the city's southern limit.
with many trains to and fro each day. Actual
time at present 45 minutes, soon to be 30 min-
utes by the bay shore line. Suburban electric
trains will shortly be in operation between
San Francisco and San Mateo, running half-,
hourly.
San Mateo Park only 10 minutes' walk from
the railroad station is situated on the sunny
elopes of gently rolling ground commanding
an enchanting view, surrounded by beautiful
homes, grounds, drives." etc., and this sale af-
fords one of the greatest opportunities to seek-
I ers of suburban homes that will be offered for
many years.
I San Mateo is a place of ideal homes, com-
) mandinsr. as it does, all the conveniences of the
i city with the comfort and pleasures of the
ccuntry. •
San Mateo has many attractions unequaled
by any other suburban locality. The educa-
tional faculties are abundant. Public schools,
kindergartens and private high class academies
I for boys and eirls.
! There are a number of churches of- different
] denominations. '
j The beautiful cottages and mansions, vast
estates, well-kept grounds, the trees, shrubbery
j and flowers, everywhere to be seen, the many
j delightful drives and the beach for bathing are
| but a few of its most charming attractions.
Don't miss this opportunity. Purchase a lot
for your cottage, your bungalow or your villa.
Excursion rate 60 cents for the round trip,
including lunch.
Special trains leave Third and Townsend sts.
on Saturday. May 10. at 0. 10:30 and 11:30
a. m.. returning from San Mateo at 3:27, 4:31,
! 5:23 and 6:40 p. m.
: ____
; Catalogues, maps and full information at the
office ot
j BALDWIN & HOWELL. . .
• Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
10 Montgomery -St., San Francisco.
|_ ¦ = •
I £4500 — TWO flats of 5 rooms each; large base-
: ment with two finished rooms; water and
gas; lot 25x114. Apply 201 Corbett ave.. be-
tween Seventeenth and Eighteenth and Hat-
tio end Danvers sts. •
HAIGHT and Fillmore sts.. northwest corner;
transfer point; 150x137:6.' ASHTON ".&
GARDINER. 411 Montgomery st. •
sewntnvx real estate.
ROSS VALLEY — 10-room furnished house, near
station, for rent from June 1; rent $t>0 per
month. J. TUN5TEAD. San Anselmo..
_ ROOMS^FOR^HOUSEKEEPI.VG.
! APART^SH^OTllgiThousek^epinljl^rnlshl
j ed sunny suit, with titchen; all -modarn lm-
! provements; bath; telephone; $16 to $20 suite.
j ST. JAMES. McAllister and Laguna sts.
ARIEL and solar flats, S25-531 Turk— Hot and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
nished or unfur.; tel. East 312, Sutter 4L
BELL IThe), 1773 Market— Sunny puites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
BUSH, 1001, cor. Jones — Van Nuys: modern
turn, and unf urn. suites; new house; hot and
cold water: baths; electric lights; first-class.
; FELL. 1071 — A newly furnished sunny suite;
! housekeeping.
I GOUGH. 115— Handsome sunny . bay-window
parlor and kitchen;. gas, range and sink; $20.
MCALLISTER. »07— -Large nicely famished
room; gas stove; sunny yard; $8; German
family. . J
MCALLISTER, 937 — 3 nicely furnished ' house-
's keeping rooms; coal and gas range; $12.
MCALLISTER, 1050 — Furnished sunny room,
with or withoTlt kitchen; hot' water; range; '
bath: $6, $13. $15. . •
OAK, 117 — Very desirable sunny parlor suite,
furnished; sink; gas range; phone; laundry;
$18.
OCTAV1A, 1151—2 beautiful sunny housekpg.
suites; gas ranges, run. water, phone; cheap.
PAGE, 14% — Sunny front rm. & large kitchen; '
furn.; priv. family; bath & gas stove; $12 50.
SIXTH, 102% — Newly furnished rooms, also
housekeeping rooms.
STOCKTON. 1206 — Model house;- newly furn.
single, double hskpg. rms.; free gas;- bath.
THIRTEENTH, 183, cor. Howard— Fine suite
of rooms, fur. for housekpg. ; gas ; rent $15.
TURK, 130 — Furnished rooms for housekeep-
ing; cheap.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
ROO5IS TO* LET— Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
ennny; 75c day upward: rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern. 7th and Mission — Changed
• hands: 100 rooms newly renovated; 50u to'
$1 SO night; 52 to $7 week; parlor;-elevator. '
A— EDINBURGH. 239 Powell, corner Geary — '
• Sunny nas.; single, double; mod.- conven'ces. •
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed* hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phonel 332 . Stockton. ',
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, slngler also- unfurnished.
BUSH. 1105 — Pleasant' room ' for gentleman.;
running water; 15 minutes Call office; $9.
BUSH. 1U10V4— Handsomely furnished sunny
suite with use of dining-room and kitchen,-
«20; also singlfe rooms, $7. and $10; bath; teL
CLIFFORD, 201 Ellis, cor. Mason— .Elegantly
furnlghed gunny rooms; prices reasonable.' -
•j ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms; 35c,
»1 50 night: $1 50. $6 week: open all night. .
ELLIS. 325 — Single and double rooms neatly
furnished; also housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM. 820, near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
$1 per week. ; ¦ ' , .
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ct sultc3 and single; travelers accommodated.
HOWARD. 1159— Nice front room for two, $8;
private family.
LEAVENWORTH, 1519 — Large sunny front
room, nicely furnished; rent $8.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
: offices; elevator; elec. lights; day; week, mo.
O'FARREL. 914— Neatly furnished, sunny al-
cove front room; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, cmoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c. to $1' 50; week, 52
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 28— Nicely funrirhed bay-window
rooms. $10; suite. $16; also housekeeping.
SEVENTH, 171. corner Natoma — Sunny fur-
nished rooms, double or single, by day, week
or month.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth «t.
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 603 — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms, single, suite; also housekpfe rooms.
THU Earl House. 310 Stockton — Under new
management; elegantly furnished sunny
rooms single or en suite : day, : week or
month: elevator; hot and cold water; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receiied at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
~ ROOMS AA'D BOARD. ~,
•THE CORBIN. 836 Sutter — Elegant cor. suite
• and single rooms; table first-class; phone
Polk 4102. ¦ - . . ¦
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
HAIGHT, 32'j — Elegantly furnished large rooms
euitable for couples, .with board; reasonable.
IRVINGDALE. «2G Eddy— f-unny rooms, en
suite or single; good table; reasonable.
LAMBOURXE, 420 Eddy — High-class', house;
- furnished suites or single: eteam heat.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
euites; single rooms; first-class table board.
• r ¦ . J
PERSOXAXS.
A— CERTCS
Actually grows hair on bald heads: deaases
and beautifies the hair; promotes a luxuriant
growth: never fails to restore gray hair; care*
scalp diseases and hair falling:
J0 price fl (to agent* 00c): everybody shouH
r S, 7 ! 1 * i or lrlaI Package, Bohemian Hair and
Ek.n Specialists. UJ1 Post St., third floor. S.
F-: treatment and consultation free.
WARNING TO THE PUBLIC. — —
The enly official souvenir badges of the re-
oer.t street railway employes' strike are for
T l e t « Turk-st. Temple. 117 Turk st. H. C
vjtlL-K, Chairman Badge Committee.
A^" elegant l'.ne of remnants for BUlts to order,
flj; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments. 51 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
MY Jiair dressers are ail artists.
Hair dressing _-, 5
Shampooing ...'. 50c"
Manicuring .'.". -»3 C
. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third Et.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to SI 50 per night; $1 50 to $C per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAT Designer and Standard Patterns jast out:
newest shirt waists and Jackets with postll-
lior.s and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
ctfice. 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
A-WHAT do you think?. O. BERMAN. 4S
ElliK. makes colored ehlris to order; $1 each:
»«me a« white ehlrts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; ghampoo-
1r;i SOc; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 33 min. Miss A.V.Doyle,17C2 Mkt. Op. 10th.
FACIAL MASSAGE TREATMENTS— FANNY
ERIGGS CARR system and preparations.
HF.N PERSON. 223 Powell st.
less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
V.r-d trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
T21 Market ct.
HONEY loaned at low Interest; gold, silver.
Ciamonds. pearls and precious etones bought
at W. J. HLESTHAL'S. 10 Sisth st.
WHITE er.amel iron bed*, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25: EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A— If your hair is falling or you are bald, call en
Dr.G.S.Moore.o32 O'Farrell ;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
LADY would like to borrow money on diamond
jewelry from private party. Box 1530. CalL
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 1C
years' experience. J. B. Ray, 457 Minna st.
ELECTRIC! needle specialist: superfluous halr
and molqg destroyed. Mrs.H.Katcn.427 Sutter.
ER. TKIELE. German specialist, removed from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy st.. corner Mason.
Urs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
ty electricity. 1719 Buchanan; teL West 259.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Miffit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country order*.
Electric & dectricligbt baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism,etc. 233 Geary.r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists,.
ONE UIXUTE~TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
. :r.rtactly-..10c and 25c. All druggists.
Masquerade costumes, play books, wigs:
ccuntry orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAUOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bert corn cu-e. 25c: all druggists.
ig^f~— ~- — — — — ™ ——————' —————— ~— — ~— — — «~— ~— ~— ~"~~— ~»
"*T PHYSICIANS A5D SCRG22OXS.
RUPTURE and piles cured: no pay until cured:
r.o operation, no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consui-
tatlcn tree. Drs. Fordea & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
CR. C. C. ODOXNELL— Office and residence,
1021 U Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
W: A la ESTATE — COCMIIY — For Sale
TO let cr for sale — 5^ acres of nice land at
Kent station; lovely cottage of 6 rooms and
salt water baths; 130 fruit trees: 10 minutes'
walk fi>om railroad : rent $50 month; selling
price >.">.'>:«'. For further particulars call on
HEALY & GILLESPIE. CM Market St.. op-
posite Palace Hotel.
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
San Leandrp road, Elmhurst: electric cars
pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, Etable. barns, chicken-houses,
•we'I-cultivated. bearing orchard of finest
eemi-tropica! and deciduous fruits on place.
f- MORIAP.TY. owner. Elmharst.
000 ACRES at a. bargain: fine land; no adobe;
oak trees; very best of improvements: good
v.-ater supply; adjoining railroad station; 12
tialns par-h way dairy; just the place to eub-
riivide. ' GEORGE W. LOVIE, Redwood City.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. S<JO to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma. Co.: future value assured as
San Francipco is Brewing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California st for
pamphlets and information.
A SXAP — Finest country home in San Matta
County; 23 acres of beautllul grounds- ele-
gant residence, bams, etc.; % mile lrom sta-
tion; 2a miles from c:tv; v 26 daily trains
GEO. \V. LOVIE, Redwood City.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lends t" s<*H: right locality; big money; ea*y
payments HEALY & CARR. 927 Mkt.. r. 208.
Bar.ta. Clara Valley, San Joee and Peninsular
properties. S-»e WOOSTEK, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. C34 Market. S. F.. & San J.
ALAMEDA ADTERTISEMENTSL
j| AL»gDAJlEAL ESTATE.
HABGACHK BARGAIN'S! BARGAINS !~~~
$l_uo buys a good cot tare. 4 rooms and
bath: lot 50x150; a snap.
J'2^00 buys S-room house; lot 22x120' a bar-
gain.
See the ALAMEDA LAXD CO..
TT _ 1500 Park at.. Alameda.
Homes built, rented and exchanged.
¦ ; — — Z -
$2000 — N'ETV* 6-room cottage for sale or rent.
Apply 1522 Santa Clara ave.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY H-EAt, ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE BARGAINS.
D. A. WENTWORTH. West Berkeley.
¦ $2000 — Just building; modern up-to-date 3-
. . room epttase %'.lh electric light fixtures; fine
corner lot. 50x100; cement sidewclks; both
streets improved; excellent location; sunny
corcer. '.
$2300— On improved street; close to furni-
ture factory; 2-story building with store suit-
able fcr any business.
$1S5O — Modern 5-room house in Haywards.
Including let 200x125; also a fine variety of
flowers, berries, fruit trees and good well,
tank, etc.
$1400 — Modern cottage: big lot: good io-
cation; close to electric and steam^ears.
£1000 — Just built; modern 4-room and
bath; lot ."50x125; close t(J R. R.
fftOO — Ccttage «jf 5 rooms; lot 50x123; good
well aad mill; street work complete; excel-
lent location.
££0U — tftcre and 5 living rooms; lot 50x130;
etrect work ctanplete; % block, to cars and
business rtreet.
J150 and up — Fine buildiEg lots.
Make your own terms. This is a special
lis-t of bargains. Now is your opportunity..
D. A. WEXTWORTH. West . Berkeley.
nea! Estate and Insurance Broker.
A SNAP i:UY— C3500: 0-room . residence In
Ber!tp!«-y; modern throushout. See IRWIX
or MORAN I^orin station, or address Owner.
box l.Vaj. call office, city. '
CfrO— XEW . 9-room house, ail modern ira-
--T provemfrt?: large corner lot; near the sta-
tion and electric R. R. . JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate, lierkeley Station.
COTTAGE — S rooms modem convenience, bath,
: payv ravmemn. MURPOCK. -B14 Pine.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE URAL KSTATE.
FOR sale— 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st.,
Fruitvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary «t.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD^FXIIXITCUE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month SF
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland. '
TO LEASE. ;
TO SALT MAKERS.
To rent— About ir>0 acres cf salt marsh,
suitable for the manufacture of salt, near
A*Jvarado, Alameda. County, In the center of
* t aU-making district and on navigable waters.
For particulars apply to the Alameda Sugar
Oe., 122 Market st.. San Francisco.SCENE AT THE IRISH FAIR THAT TVAS OPENED LAST EVENING BY MAYOR SCHMITZ ; AT MECHANICS'
. PAVILION. AND PORTRAITS OF TWO YOUNG LADIES IN CHARGE OF ONE OF THE BOOTHS IN THE
BUILDING. - ' . i
Business is often . transacted by bust
ness m»n at lunch. Cafe Zlnkand. ?.
William C. Butts was booked at the City
Prison yesterdoy on a warrant chargisp
him with an assault to> do grievous bodlljt
harm upon Thomas Garrett of the PosST
He was released on $500 cash bail. TW»
complaining witness against him Is El
more Leflingwell, a reporter on the Post.
Butts Is Now Charged.
Adams' Hair Restorer promotes jwmth. rn
stores color and beauty to thin gray hair. 30c *
PORTLAND. Or.. May 1.— The labor sit
uation in Portland ia becoming more un
settled each day. About 750 union men
of all trades are on a strike, and others
are threatening to go out If their demands
are not met. Nearly 300 laundry work
ers who struck Monday are still out, and
as a result Chinese laundries are reaping
a harvest. Two hundred employes of the
Portland Lumber Company are out aud
to-day 200 planing mill men struck.
SACRAMEiNTO. May 1.— The demand of
the employes of the local street railway
company was acceded to to-day and be
ginning June 1 the Increased wage sched
ule "will go into effect. This provides for
a 21-cent per hour rate for all employes
who have been with the company less
than two years; between two and five
years, 22 cents; five to eight years, 23
cents; eight years and over 24 cents. The
day men have voted unanimously for . a
ten-hour day. and their decision was ap
proved by Superintendent Ross. The night
men expressed a. desire to work twelve
hours or over; and this was also conceded
by the employers. The best of feeling
was exhibited on both sides and there was
at no time any threat of a strike.
Labor Troubles in Portland.
ROME, May 1.— The usual May day
demonstrations throughout Italy have
thus far been perfectly orderly. About
15,000 workmen participated In a meeting
here.. . <X ¦• *
The dock laborers' strike at Copenha
gen began April 15. Four days later it
was announced that more than 8000 men
were on strike at the various ports of
Denmark. .
DURANGO. Colo., May 1.— About 300
miners employed in the Durango coal:
district went on strike to-day because the
operators had failed to adopt the scale
submitted by the union, which calls for .
13 a day for underground work and $2 50
a day for outside work.
COPENHAGEN, May 1— The trad«s
unionist workmen employed at the free
port of Copenhagen have suspended work
in sympathy with the dock laborers' and
seamen's strike against vessels belonging
to the Steamship Owners' Federation.
The latter strike was further extend^**,
to-day to all the Danish ports except Ealf
bjorg, on the coast of Jutland, where
the dock laborers refused to leave their
¦work.
CHICAGO, May 1.— The truck teamsters*,
strike, which threatened yesterday to era
brace the 600 union teamsters in this city,
was settled to-day when Thomas J. Pen
nere's teaming company granted tha
strikers 25 cents an hour overtime.
The strike of the American "Woolen
Company's weavers Is extending and to
day 20,000 operatives are affected. Ths
weavers in twelve plants of the company
are out. Part of the forces in two ad-'
ditional mills came out yesterday and
to-day. ...
Much of the building operations of tho
city were forced to suspend during the
day, while strikers' committees and ein^ .
ployers were negotiating settlemeut:% j
The trades involved in the wage dispat*> '
are the structural iron workers, brick
layers, carpenters, electric wire men,
lathers, sheet metal workers, hoistlngr. and
portable engineers, slate and tile rooters
and the hod carriers.
BOSTON, May 1.— Strikes occurred to
day at a number of places In New Eng
land, attended by no disturbances. Fiva
hundred granite cutters on- Cape Anna
left work because a demand regarding
hours was not compiled with, and at
Barre, Vt., and one or two other places
a similar number of granite workers
struck.
About 10OO teamsters are idle in Provi-.
dence because their employers refused to
grant an advance in wages.
PITTSBURG. May 1.— Nine organized
building trades in the Pittsburg district
started the conflict this mornlns for
higher wages. Many of the employers
agreed to the demand, showing that there
was every indication that the struggle
will be of short duration. Of the 12.000 •
men who were ordered out this morning
probably not more than 6000 will be idla
to-morrow.
Nine Building Trades Go Out
at Pittsburg and Work
Is Suspended.
Abroad.
Mayday Is Marked by.
Strikes at Home and
LABOR DEMANDS
INCREASED PAY
If you are going to move ring up Main 1S40.
Bekins Van and Storage Co. • •
Ernest Kurer of 412 Jackson street se
cured a warrant from - Judge .Cabaniss
yesterdayfor the arrest of William Conk
lin ¦ on a charge of forgery. Conklin is
accused of passing a check for $35 on Ku
rer. drawn on the Swiss-American Sank,
payable to Conklin, and purporting to be
signed by Charles H. Warren, whose sig
nature was forged.
Charged With Forgery.
.Friday, May 9, will be Eagles' day at ths
BakersfleH Street Fair and Carnival. Tickets
will be sold at Santa Fe office*. 641 Market St.,
at on* fare for the round . trip for all trains
May 7, good to return until May 11. This Is a
good chance to visit the San Joaquln Valley
and the 'Kern County Oil Fields.
Eagles' Bay at the Bakersfisld Fair.
Letson Balliet, 508 California street,
swore, to a; complaint before Judge Ca
bantss yesterday charging Miss Alice D.
.Young, his former stenographer and
bookkeeper, with having embezzled $365
of • the funds of the White Swan Mines
Company. She ; left his employment on
December 13 last and an examination of
the books, he said, had disclosed the
shortage. She had gone East and as he
was gcing there himself, he proposed to
make a search for her.- _
Balliet's questionable methods in pro
moting mining and other companies led
to an exposure here some time ago
through his trouble with the postal au
thorities. He will be tried soon in the
United States District Court of Iowa for
using the malls for fraudulent purposes,
and it is said -Miss Young will be a wit
ness against him.
Warrant for Miss Alice D.
. ' : Young-'s . Arrest.
Mining Promoter Ballict Secures a
CHARGES BOOKKEEPER
; i 'V; WITH ElIBEZZLEMESrr
When the office became vacant a few
days ago through the death of H. W.
Walton, the society officials met and sent
the name of Matthew McCurrie to Mayor
Schmitz, with the expectation that their
nominee would receive the appointment.
They were much , dismayed yesterday
when they learned that their expressed
wish had been disregarded. President N.
P. Cole said in reference to the matter:
"We have closed the pound .and there the
thing will rest for the present. We own
all the property, and I really cannot see
how- Mr. -Irwin. can get- along." - Irwin
said that he did not know what he should
do If he could not have the pound.
The society officials have called a meet
ing of the board of directors for to-day
and Irwin has been invited to be present.
-If he can satisfy, the members of the soci
ety that he will do exactly as they say
and be In every way satisfactory, it is
probable that he will be placed in charge
of the pound at a salary of $75 a month.
In such an event, he will be allowed no
fees and cannot select his deputies.
San Francisco has a new Poundmaster
in the person of Harry O. Irwin, who re
ceived the appointment from. Mayor
Schmitz yesterday. The Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals owns
what is known as the public pound and
has refused to turn it over, to the new
Poundmaster. Irwin has neither a salary
nor a pound, and unless the interested
parties come to some sort of an agree
ment, he will have to start out on a hunt
for collarless dogs and homeless cows, if
he wishes to draw any revenue from his
new office. The society officials claim
that experience in domestic animal hunt-
Ing will lead Irwin to conclude that he
has not been presented with a gold mine.
Since. January the expenses of the pound
have been 5213 55. in excess of receipts.
The difficulty has arisen as a result of
the Mayor's refusal to appoint the nomi
nee of the society, according to the prece
dent set by ex-Mayor Phelan. Several
years ago. it was arranged between the
society and the Board of. Supervisors that
the former should have charge of the
pound. The society purchased a site at
the corner of Sixteenth and Alabama
streets and erected on it the Animals'
Home. The charitable organization pur
chased horses, wagons, feed, - harnesses
and all the other necessary parapher
nalia. The city owns absolutely nothing
in connection with the pound. Receipts
have always been less than expenditures.
In recognition of this state of affairs, the
society has always bad its nominee ap
pointed Poundmaster.
Humane Society Owns Pound
and Will Refuse to
Give It Up.
Position of Poundmaster
May Be a W hite
Elephant.
MAYOR'S CHOICE
IS DISPLEASING
It was ; after' 9 o'clock when Mayor
Schmitz arrived at the fair and was
escorted by , the reception committee to
the band stand. in the center of the Pa
vilion. -The . Mayor was given a rousing,
welcome and was introduced to the visit
ors by Rov. P. "C.- Yorke.
In a brief speech the Mayor paid a tri-
MAYOR. OPENS THE FAIE.
famous stone; King John's Qastlc and
Donegal Castle loom up in superb style;
Holy Cross -Abbey presents its attractive
features, while the entire width of the
Pavilion is taken up with the reproduc
tion. of Glenarm Bridge. On the south
side of the building ; are Boyle Abbey,
Ross Castle and Galway Castle.
Although the fair was formally opened
last night, considerable work yet remains
to be done and-the ladles and, gentlemen
in charge of the booths are exerting a
keen rivalry to have their . exhibits in
order with as little delay as. possible. It
is expected that by to-morrow evening
everything will be in place.//.:
Towering almostto ,the roof of the Pa
vilion are solidly built castles and towers.
In which the thirty-two booths are locat
ed. Blarney Castle is. there with- its
the building by the Larkln
street entrance, the eye m^ets a. massive
structure representing: the : famous. St.
Lawrence Gate, through which the vista
of gaily decorated booths is seen.
IN the presence of a very large num
ber of visitors. Mayor Schmitz open
ed the Irish Fair at the Mechanics*.
Pavilion last evening.- The proceeds
of the fair will be/ added to the im
provement fund of St. Peter's Church,
Twenty-fourth and Alabama streets.
The interior of the Pavilion presented
a gala appearance and it. needed but a
slight stretch of the imagination' on- the
part of the visitors to believe that they
were gazing upon real scenes of the Em
erald Isle. - , . '^
An interesting recital under the aus-
Dices of the Epworth' League "of the Simp
son Memorial Church will be I held In . the
parlors of - the church ' named, * corner ' of
Hayes and Buchanan -streets, this even
ing. MissF. Binnle de. Forest will deliv
er readings; assisted- by , Mrs.- Frank* J."
Thayer, soloist, and Joseph -Guthrie'de
Forest, impersonator. ¦'•• The- recital will
begin at 8:13 o'clock...
Church •' Entertainment.
The proposed ordinance submitted by
the ' Merchants'-. Association, requiring 1
grooved' girder rails to ; be~used within a
certain designated district; was laid over
for two weeks,' when representatives of
the United Railroads \ Company will be
heard on the subject,- .' ;-. : •--;•• ' ' .
The committee recommends that grades
"be established on Pacific avenue, west of
L,aurel street,". and .on Sixteenth,. Seven
teenth and Eighteenth avenues- at the
, crossings of N, L,.MPand O streets.
The committee reported in favor of the
; widening of Third street, provided the
funds are available, and referred the mat
ter to the Finance Committee. . Similar
action was taken on the petitions of prop
erty-owners for the repairing of Hayes
street from Franklin to Laguna, .and for
, the extension, of Duncan -street. ."¦¦. V
Captain A. II. Payson. vice president of
the Santa Fe Railway Company, appeared
before th6 .Supervisors'. Finance Com
mittee yesterday to urge . that his com
pany be granted permission to grade Eigh
teenth street to a line near Minnesota
street, adjoining lanSs owned by the cor
poration. Captain Payson stated' that the
company "desired \p .construct a street
bridge on Eighteenth, street, from Iowa
across Indiana, after" cutting - down the
ridge. The company also purposes to build
a foot bridge on Nineteenth ? street, con
necting Iowa and Tennessee, and' a steel
bridge to serve as a, wagon road .on Twen
tieth street, from Iowa to Tennessee. The
Board of Public Works favors the plans
and the Street Committee will take action
next week, when Interested parties will
be heard.on the matter..
for Traffic in Changing Grades
'.''¦'"% * of Streets. •* : .
Santa Fe Company Agrees to Provide
WILL CONSTRUCT THKEE '
"BRIDGES IN POTREHO
The last of the series of free concerts
nt the South; Park Settlement will be
Riven. this e\eninpr. '"Il Jacob!," an amus
ing three-act operetta, will be given by
Misses Emily Wad" and Ethel Hanks and
Henry Van Pelt. Mrs. Bradford Leavitt
a^tlne: as aci-ompanat. The programme
T"-ilI also include several zither selections
by Mr. Hirsch.
Settlement Concert.
The polico circulars now being- prepared
•will state that Charles B. Hadley is
•wanted for the murder of Nora Fuller, a
fact which indicates that Captain Sey
mour and his detectives have more oon
rlusive evidence of Hadley's guilt than
that which they have thus far seen fit to
disclose to the public.
The peculiar disappearance of W. tj.
Pagan, the friend of Hadloy. who boasted
while an inmate of the City and County
Hospital that the missing Examiner man
had given him a check for $300. is causing:
much comment among those interested in
the Folution of the mystery. Fagan's
parents reside in Vancouver, where his
father holds an Important Government
position. A few days ago and prior to
the publication of the story implicating
Fagan in connection with tho Hadley mat
ter. Fagan is said to have telegraphed his
relatives in Vancouver that Tie must leave
fian Francisco immediately to ev*ade being
dragged into a nasty case. It is said that
*»t that time Fagan went to Reno. New.
but. according to telegraphic advices re
ceived from Vancouver last night. Fa
jrsn"s relatives profess to know nothing
ft his present whereabouts except to sav
that he is no longer in Reno.
Captain Seymour will send Fagan's de
scription to the Reno police, this morninp
and if he is there he will undoubtedly b«
rounded up and brought "back to Ihis'citv
to tell what be knows of Charles Hadley's
connection with the brutal murder 'of
Jvcra Fuller.
Schell. the furniture man, posltively
ldentirles Hadley's picture as that of the
man to whorn he sold the mattress upon
which the girl was murdered.
Slowly but surely the police are 'weav
ing a web of guilt around Charles B.
Kadley. the Examiner bookkeeper, who
suddenly dropped from sight the day the
story of Nora Fuller's disappearance was
published. Tha^t there are many convinc
ing circumstances which point to Hadlcy
as the murderer of the unfortunate girl
the police no lunger deny. There are two
people interested In the case who have
no hesitancy in stating openly that they
axe absolutely certain that Charles B.
Hadlcy of the Examiner is the mysterious
man who, under the name of C. B. Haw
kins, made his preparations for the young
girl's death. Kytka, the handwriting ex
pert, has fully a hundred reasons and as
many more examples of Hadley's hand
writing which are plain enough to con
vince almost anybody that Kytka's belief
that Hadlcy is the man who murdered
Nora Fuller is founded on substantial dis
coveries in the absolute similarity of the
handwriting of the suspect and that o.f
the mythical Hawkins.
The union in question is affiliated with
the Building Trades Council, of which P
II. McCarthy is president, and has no cOn
neetion with the Brotherhood of Team
sters, affiliated with the Labor Council.
The teamsters interested are. engaged ex
clusively in hauling materials used in the
construction of buildings. Should a strike
occur, as predicted, all buildings now in
course of construction ' must necessarily
be affected. •:• . •....-¦'
With regard to. the boarding-house proposi
tion we assert that it is not compulsory upon
employes to board at our houses. Th° demand
is therefore unnecessary and does not enter
into the situation as being of importance, in
a general way the demands are unreasonable
nnd the contractors belonging to the associa
tion will not grant them. We believe the
teamsters will never press the issue to a strike
Thus far we have not been consulted by any
committee of the union relative to the de
mands. ¦ -. .
An for the demand for increased wages we
assert that the men are unskilled and that
Hie rrcs-'nt wages are all we can afford to pay.
Two years, ago we voluntarily • increased the
wages of teamsters from $!• 65 to $1 75 a day
and later we made It ?2. Now they demand
$2 2,j a day for single teams and $2 50 a day
for double' teams. Th<» demand is excessive
and we cannot allow It.' ¦¦•¦-»«
CAiNNOT GRANT- DEMANDS.
The teamstprs also ask that th?y b« allowed
a^/Ull day's pay even though they do not <Jo
a full day's work. If a teamster hauls only
seven wagon leads cf materials a day when
w» know that he should haul ten the con
tractor has the right at present to ask why
th» full day's work Is not done, and in extreme
o»*r-s deductions of ray. are made. . The de
mand is now made to deprive, us. of the privi
lege of defending our. own interests and we
w:ll°not agree to it.
We shall never agree to the terms submitted
to us. The teamsters demand that their time
for a working day shall commence from the
time they arrive at the bams and that they
shall be rr1vi]»ge<i to leave their work in tim«
to reach the barns within a period of eleven
hours. • If a carpenter lives at Xorth Beach
and he is. working on a nous" war th<» park
he is compelled to show up at. the building
Pt S a. m. Why should a sand teamster be
exempt from the same rule? The demand is
unreasonable.
Inquiry among the contractors yester
day developed a. decidedly firm stand
against granting the demands. The con
tractors declare that to grant them Would,
virtually drive the heavier contractors out
of business. OtW of these said y.esteniay:
The larger contractors declare the de
mands are most unreasonable and that
thpy will never agree to make the con
cessions demanded. Among these arc: C
A. Warren. Gray Bros.. San Frsncisod
Construction Company. L.. B. Sibley City
Street Improvement Company. IT. N Me-
Olure. Dave Dillon. Jerry O'Shoa M F
Sullivan. J. H. O'Brien. John Tuttle, Flinri
& Treacy. In addition to these there are
some forty other? who operate from one
to five teams. Those named operate from
ten to sixty teams each, making a total
of nearly 500 teams. •
The teamsters demand only their rights.
Tli«>y do not make unreasonable demands.
They merely ask to b? allowed to work eleven
hours a day. Our demanj for increase of pay
is virtually in accordance with the agree
ment made with the Contractors' Teamsters'
Association a year ago, which body agreed to
pay us the wages demanded on January 1.
Wo were very weak then and the association
turned us down. We are human beings and
many of us have families. All we ask Is an
opportunity to rear our children and care for
our wives like white people. At present we
work from «> a. m. to any hour p. m. at
wages which are wofuMy Inadequate to supply
our wants. We have th» support of the build
in? trades and they ar e Interesting 'themselves
in cur behalf. We are determined to stick to
our rmint at every hazard, but we are hope
ful the contractors will pee the justness of
our demands and agree to them before Mon
day. A few have already done so, but the
larger contractors are holding out.- If they
continue -to do so until 'Monday a strike of
the teamsters is Inevitable. ,
President R. Thane cf the Building
Materials' Tea.m Drivers' Union made
the following statement of -the -situation'
last night:
DEMANDS OF TEAMSTERS.
Teamsters shall be. allowed a day's work for
t'.me spent In their employ, even though they
do not always perform the amount of work
expected of them by the contractor.
These demands must be acceded to by em
ploying contractors on or before Monday. May
5. and a failure . to comply will cause the
teamsters to refuse to longer work under the
exiMing system.
A working day of eleven ' hours beginning
at <J:->0 a. m. end ending at 5:30 p. m., this
time to Include coming: • and coins of teams
to and from the barns.
It shall not be compulsory upon employes
of contractors to board at the company board-
Ing-housos.
¦ An Increase of pay for teamsters to $2 25 a
day for driving- single teams and ?2 50 a day
lor driving double teams.
The demands of the materials' teamsters
are principally for, less hours and higher j
wages. At present they are compelled to.
work from 6 a. m. to 6 p. m., or-there
after. The wages in force range from
$175 per day, single team, to $2 a day,
per double team. The teamsters demand
a uniform rate of ?2 25 a day, per single
team, and $2 50. a day, per double team.
The demands are as follows:
A strike of importance to the building
fraternity,' In that it will, tie up and
cripple the building industry, which at
the present time is quite active, "may be
inaugurated next Monday. The cause of
the impending trouble is the Building Ma
terials' Team Drivers' Union No. 1 of San
Francisco, which body yesterday served
certain demands upon ' they' contractors
with the notice that if they, are not ac
ceded to by Monday morning the men, to
ihe number of some 500, will walk out.
Against the Examiner
Bookkeeper.
More Evidenca Accumulates
If Threat Is ; Carried Out
Operations Will Be
Affected.
cessions.
Building Material Team
Drivers Demand Con-
Police Are Closing in on
Trail of Fuller
Suspect.
WEAVING WEB
AROUND HADLEY
TEAMSTERS MAY
STRIKE MONDAY
' -The 'Mark Hopkins; Institute "of Art will
be open to the public ; to-day free of charge
from ,9 o'clock ; ih ¦ the "morning : until : 5 in
the i afternoon . a nd ; in ', the S evening ?, from
•7:30 • until 10 o'clock.' - _: . .' •
Free ; Day at , Institute.
At a moderate price— one' that- looks good
and is good ? : Made : of genuine -basswood,
brass trimmed.- ? with leather straps ¦ and
two trays. 'If. is "a (leader -4n our -trunk
department, . and the ¦' price • is 57 50. -i - "We
have a special suit case also, at $6 50, that
is equally good and cheap. • Sanborn, Vail
& Co.,' 741 Market st. >... ; : ,, . • .- •
Do You -Want 'a .Trunk
•¦ -Mrs. ..John president;.; Mrs. Galvln ¦
vice president;: Mrs. P. Ward, treasurer; Miss
B. Farrei; financial secretary; Mlssi Ida J
Dunne, ? recording ; secretary,- and Miss Kather-
Ine Shea,; ticket holder.- .... ; •:
This . evening the t ladies > of Tipperary
booth will be in. charge of the entertain
ment,. and' "Tipperary Night" is . sure to'
attract a large crowd. The- nrogramme to
be presented will include Misses Kittle
Barry and Edna Welsh .of- St. Dominic's
choir in vocal solos; . Miss Margaret Mc-
Keon in recitations; Mr. " Healy," violin
selections;. Messrs.'. Kelly and 'Marlowe in
Irish specialties; selections 'by -St. Paul's
Gaelic • quartet;.? Miss* Florence > Donovan,
vocal selections, : and music by a banjo
quartet ;. under - the \ direction "- of I Harry
Rothermel." The ladles, of - Tipperary
booth will ' be .;, assisted "- in ~ receiving * to
night by the ladies of Wexford booth.
The officers of Tipperary booth are as
follows: , • ' •"" :,:' '¦ -' . '
A military band was in attendance last
evening and rendered a pleasing pro
gramme. The fair will -remain open until
May. 24,~ exclusive of> Sundays:... Special
programmes will be given each afternoon
and evening.' under the direction of the
various booths, j A newspaper, "All • Ire
land." will be .Issued daily, : giving; "fair
gossip" and news/' A dinner-will be serv
ed every day; from 11 a. m. until 2 p.- m.,
and refreshment booths ; will - be open
also. . ; • . -
An interesting feature of the fair is the
"Map -of -Ireland." consisting of earth
from thirty-two counties of that country.
The earth was , collected by Rev. Father
Walter.. McDonald, D. D... of Maynooth
College, Ireland, and was sent to this
country carefully boxed/and ¦. designated.
Each box is. four feet long -and 1 two 'feet
wide and fouV; inches deep. : v
'¦¦In the gallery, on the Glenarm Bridge
ft -.the Academy- booth in charge of the
Sisters and Brothers . of St. Peter's
schools, designed in the shape of a church
and blazing with electric; lights.
I On the north side — Cork. All Ireland, Water
ford. Meath. Limerick, Monaghan, Kilkenny,
Leltrim, Down, Kings, Donegal,. Sllgo .and
:Tipperary. ' On the south side — Roscommon,
>Wexford. i Louth, ¦ Longford, ' Dublin, WlckloTV,
Queens, JJerry, Westmeatb, Clare, Derry. Gal
way, "•. Kildare. Fermanagh, Antrim. .West side
—Mayo. Tyrone. Carlow.
The various booths that displayed arti
cles, for sale gave an indication of what
is- to be seen when- all the. booths are
stocked with their intended- contents.
Fancy articles of almost endless variety
will delight the eye and tempt coin from
the pockets of visitors/ in order to swell
the improvement fund of St. Peter's
Church. TJie arrangement of the booths,
beginning at the .. Larkin-street entrance,
is as follows : « . ¦-¦-.. ¦
bute to the Irish nation and to- the un
selfish-, work of. those who had made th<
fair a possibility. : He congratulated al
wno had taken -part in the organization o
the fair and then declared it open, at tlv
same time wishing every success to th<
undertaking.; s .-., -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, FRIDAY, MAY 2, 1902.
14
Mayor Schmitz Performs Function and Gala Stenes of
Emerald Isle Are Vividly Portrayed-
IRISH FAIR IS DULY OPENED
AND PAVILION IS THRONGED
ADVEBTISE2IEKTS.
The Perfected American j
Shoe. The Shoe That Sells j
the World Around* i
Most of the shoe advertis-
ing of to-day, seems to be
an explanation of how
something has happened or
has not happened, in order %
to make it possible, etc.
In our advertising of Sorosis
it ts simply the name
"So.rosis" thai we wish to
keep before 'you, it being |
unnecessary to explain
anything.
The smartly gowned wo-
men all over the world
wear Sorosis and will ex-
plain why if asked
The, immense Sorosis fac- •
tones have found it impos-
sible to supply the demands
that are constantly coming
for Sorosis shoes since they
were introduced into Eng-
land, France and Germany, »'.
5O Third St.
Second Shoe Store From Market.
: a.a^mi^, Weak Eyes Strengthened.
¦ ltfsS'8'KiS* Painful or Inflamed eyes ln-
jKj£<g£fc«|*: nantly relieved with GEORGE
BP^jf MAYERLE'S German Eye
%£^~ ijfijr,' W'ater. ftOc, at 1071 Market
«ts£S£ R^'' St. Tel. South r,72. None een-
w *^ r^ . • tine without this trademark.
I SPECIALS!
Friday and Saturday.
GOLDEN GATE
CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE
1-TOO TAILOR-MADE SUITS, broken lines, assorted colors anH I
I * black, all sizes represented, assorted styles, but the B
I • 'newest only of this season's productions to close out at j£L
I $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00. f
I They were $17.50, $20.00 and ,$25.00. -j
I 78 ANTIQUE MOIRE JACKETS at % |
I $6.00, $8.00 and $10.00. '¦ I
I 50 ANTIQUE MOIRE LONG COATS at |
I % $12.50, $15.00 and $17.50. * 1
1 TAN ANDBLACK NOVELTY JACKETS, silk lined, first-class I
g tailoring, $ i o.oo value at d
J/5i2O fancy trimmed DRESS SKIRTS, good r lining and weir 1
a made, black and colored; at ' S
I $2.50, $3.00 and $3.50. I
I 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. |
' ' ' -¦-¦;¦¦¦¦¦.; •
Friday and Saturday
. .< '. . _ y: ¦ ¦ - •-; \i : ¦ ¦ , ¦ ¦ ¦;.:'/ :J
. Remember, these shoes are this season's goods- — — :
ofttimes. they are in the store 'out. a coup]*, of weeks or
At our regular p rices they, r.re g : ood, honest val-
ues/ worth every cent of the price asked. /¦¦
At the \special prices for the two/days, they ; are
most extraordinary values/ and if you buy at these spe- ¦
cial sales.you can reduce your shoe ? bill many dollars '
Men's box calf lace shoes; light v .Ladies' fine kid Oxfords; hand-V
fine summer shoes; round, turned, patent leather tipa. mili-
straight last. Friday and Satur- taryheels. Friday -and Satur- :
flay only ......,.........$3.15 day only... ............... .$1.85
Mon'o veimir Mi/fwi«^« ;' '_,„' Ladies' tan calf Oxfords; extend- ;
Aien s \etour cair Oxfords, with- i>d qnioa- inct th« thin? fnr nut
punched vamps, broad, flat last; fn»" PHHi v «nli satJrdav nnU-
very stylish. Friday andSaturl s - F "aay and Saturday onlj^
-day only...... .S2.G5 "¦"' ••••;•. ; ....»»»Ado
• • . Ladles' kid lace 'shoes, with me- .
Men's tan Russia lace -shoes; a dium heavy; extended -soles;
. delicate lemon shade; exceeding- either kid or patent leather tips;
ly attractive: on a swell last." V ;tne best value: in town when
Friday and Saturday only.....; ; soldi regularly at $2.50. Friday V '
;............,... ....r.$3.15 and. Saturday only..:.... $2J1 5 ;
,,,,,' \ Children's arid misses' kid button
.Boys vici kid lace . shoes; -very . shoes;- light, fine dress ? shoes :-.¦"'•
. dressy, yet serviceable. Friday '¦ patent leather tips. ; Friday and.
g and. Saturday only-sizes 9 to 13, -Saturday only— sizes 5- to : 8,
'-91.40; 13% to 2, 81.05: 2Vt to; #1.10; 8i/ 2 ;to-U, S1.40; Wh
5»/ 2 ........................ ...§i.S5 to 2... ; .......;.:............si.7O
i— — — — —^ j^^—— ____- ' ~ ¦ " ¦
MUFMA NN'S;
832 MarKet Street