Priest Is Accidentally Shot.
DKNVER. Colo.. March 28.— A special tt
th» Post from La Junta.'Colo., says: Th«
Rev. 3. W. Erinkcr, pastor of the Catholic
church In- this city, was seriously, perhaps
fatally.. wounded to-day by the accJdenta*
discharge of a pistol. It Is supposed that
the weapon fell from a table to the fiooi
uml .was . discharged. Tho bullet pene
trated the abdomen
. MATTOON, HI.. March 28.-A class
fight between fifty students of the High
School of Charleston , occurred last night
at a farewell reception tendered by, tho
seniors to Professor W. W. WIIJIb, who
resigned as principal. The seniors' were
attacked by members of th,o Junior and
sophomore clas«es. Will Milrs, a prom,
lslng athlete, had his Jaw,broken. 'Several
.ether 'students wcro 'injured. '
Fierce > Class • Fight.
very; soon after his return from * his trip
to tho Pacific Count. jMMJjjfMMWWWn
It, Is understood that, 8. M. Felton Jri,
now president of ; the Chicago and. Alton,'
will': succeed Harrlnian as ¦ executive ' head
ot the Southern Paclllc.
NEW. YORK, March 28.-Therc is said
to bo authority for tho statement ; thnt,'E.'
JI.'fHarrlman will, retire i|from the presi
dency.' of .'the Southern . Pacific' nallroad
FELTON WILL PROBABLY
BE HARRIMAN'S . SUCCESSOR
Th« trials of the Princes lasted for two
weeks. They were the leaders of a wide
spread bandit organization, which ' had
terrorized the Caucasus by cya^m* Me
robbery, arson and murder. '
I/DNTDON, March 29. T The St. Peters
burr correspondent of the Daily faall pays
that news has been received from Kutals,
Trans-Caucasia, that three Rusitah no
bles—Prince KJpinndz, Prince Valerian
and Prince Zulukldz— -were executed
March 3 tor the murder of over 100 per
sons.
tion Pay Penalty for Irian y
Crimes.
Noble Leaders of a Bandit Organiza-
PRINCES OF RUSSIA :¦'//
EXECUTED FOR MURDER
JOLIET,: 111., ' March . 2S.— Three .'dead
and- ten injured is the result of a colli
sion near .SagBridge, . on the Jollet and
Chicago • electric railway, to-day, '• which
was the. worst In the history* of the lino.
Tho. dead are: '.'
JOHNMAU. motorman, Joliet.
' G.j H. HURLEY, conductor, Jollot.
GEORGE BARRETT, Lockport, fore
man for.. Economy T<ight and Power Com
pany." • .
.'The injured are: Sam 8p«-nc<». workman,
i^emont.i. breast crushed, arms and ¦ log«
cut, »may . Cle; • Sllko • McLaughlln, motor
man, Joliet, Tight "leg crushed,- nrapu
tated; John navlel', workman, Ixickport;
John Rinri, : workman, I^ockport; John
Wolf, .Jollet, employe of . atrret railway
company; ; Dennis" Murphy.' I^ockport;
Fred" Mlt«,! Letnont; unknown passenger
' on enr: Eiigeric Oaylord, workman, Lock
port;; Patrick Dougherty,, workman.
.".The wreck was, tho r«tult of n head-on
collision between, two- cars going at a
i nipld Hpe'ed.' 'A' dense "fog* prevented the
motormnn ; from «felnj? the approaching
car. The wreck occurred ' n*af Gag-
Bridge^ about twenty, miles from Joilet.
There is a single truck at tho place, and
Results Fatally.
laLLING. OF THREE MEN.
Collision . of Electric^ Car's at Jollst
Helnrich Herrle was a- prominent bank
pr : In Bavaria., Ho resides here now witk
his wife - and children, and has many rel
atives In this city. He Is charged
with . forgeries agrsregatins - severa.'
hundred' thousand, marks -In connectlos
.with, alleged -raised checks and drafts
The affidavits filed against him wer«
mostly from, Bavarian creditors and oth
ers associated with him in the large hu.it
new that* he formerly conducted In Ba
vuria.
•Will Cause Herrle's Case to
Go to Supreme Court.
i CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 28!— Judg«
A. ¦C. "Thompson. In the United State]
Court, to-day refused to release Xletnrict
Hcrrle / on a writ of habeas corpus
Requisition' from the ' Bavarian Govern,
ment ; had, been made for Herrle on a (3.
davits .charging forgery. Extraditlot
papers had ' been granted and thi
United States Marshal was about to taki
llcrrlo to; New York to turn him over tc
the German Consul In that city when thi
habeas , cortfus proceedings were Insti
tuted. The case will now b« carried t«
the United- States Supreme Court befor*
the extradition is executed. - -
Denial of a Writ of Habeas Corpus
REFUSES TO RELEASE
BAVARIAN FUGITIVE
GUTHRIE. O.' t.', March 2g.-Early to
day a pitched battle occurred between
two half-breed Indians, George and John
CurtiB. and ' two farmers, James : Smith
and William Thompson, near Mlnco, In
the Choctaw • Nation. ' The latter were
preparing to plant com when the Indians
appeared heavily armed and began fir
ing:. The flre was returned by the farnu
ers and the battle continued for some
time, the parties shooting from ambush.
Bmltb. was seriously wounded and George
Curtis died from his wounds. The fight
teas the result of an old feud, two years
ago, when John Curtis killed a brother of
William Thompson and phot this sam«
Smith In the abdomen and arm. No ar
rests have as yet been made.
' ' ¦ * ¦ " ' 4," ' *
An Old Feud Causes a Fight in
•Wnicb, One Man 'Is
Silled.
FARMERS IN BATTLE
WITH HALF-BREEDS
the two cars came together with terrific
force. The scene of the accident la th«
same spot where a terrible wreck oc
curred, on the Alton t road twenty-nin<
years- ago, -when over a score o£ person*
were -killed.
Street, car men" place.the blame on Mo
torman Street. ; It was his duty, they say,
to >see, the open -switch.- stop his car. and
signal . to ; the conductor to throw, the
switch' so that, his car .'could continue to
Market • street. .- , . . '
• ;.. ; . . . ..-: . ¦ ¦-; . . ;^.
cars run. to Market street. and 'start from
there on the return ; trip. Car No. 951 was
scheduled '-to run through!, and Motorman
Street was making good timei The switch
ip- front 'of him was open .and the-south
bound car; was*not:clear of, the other end
of , the short switch. Street did not see
the- danger and .'his car da3hed ahead, to
be; thrown- suddenly, out of its r direct
course' and against; the side of the other
car. : -¦¦/• -; , : '-'-_ '-.¦" - , '
Motprman Street Runs If is Car Into Open
in Front of Southern Pacific
Depot, Causing Catastrophe.
was terribly, bruised and, it Is supposed
he received internal injuries also. He did
not lose^consclousncss and after beinK re
moved to 1 . tl>r>. Central Emergency Hospl
,tal..he displayed great courage. "giving his
most arixiouR thoughts to the wife and
child at.his "little home at 471 B street? in
Oakland.'^Rowland was returning from a
trip to the Union Iron Works for his em
ployers 'when -the accident occurred. -
:; Christophir Gode, ; a rigger, 1 who ; lives
at ; , 322 ' Pennsylvania avenue, had ?both
(bones "^ of ; the left leg'. broken arid suffered
iri adaitionv ailacerated wound" of Jthe ab'
.domen. ; He}hasi'a.wlfo arid - one ,'chlld.>'\''
;•; David Roy* Hill, a^ marine flreman,^ who
.has f been' emplpy ed ] with .the steam ] whal
ing ; fieet ' andiw'as returning- frorii work '> at
the^Arctlo^Oil '.Works; ( received ; ! a severe
wound; of /the ; scalp} and'.'numerous \ abra
sions. ; : lie' ;wa s -taken': to • the ' Emergency
Hospital; with Rowland 'and Gode', but was
so; anxious.; to 'return to his home at' S52
Third : street -to reassure his aged ; mother
that the. phj'plcians, finally. gave their con
sent. , Lute r, however, Dr. ' Coff ey arid Dr;
'Hennessy ¦ of \ the ; Southern Pacific Hospl
¦ tall sent for him and had him removed to
that iristitutlon. 'C. v • '
i-EAVpES .'mJOTWES.. PENNIIJESS.
; - Hill's ; mother is alone arid practically
penriiless.'r Some time ago her son. invest
ed, his savings in a stock of fruit 'and
opened a little store' at 302 Third' street
for his mother.' to conduct. Her strength .
"did not. prove. equal to the task, and sho
says 'that. $20 for 'rent is due Monday "and'
fehe has nothing to pay it with.. Her hus
band; the injured '; man's father, was
killed" tiifeo .years/ago Ina streetcar
, wreck in Vancouver, arid' years' before she
lost a lltllo daughter In a woolen mill ao
cident in 8t. Bonlfucc, Winnipeg, the
child being 'caught by': a belt and crushed
to.'deat^i. '
Thorntifl,.B. Street; motorma^i of the
northbound cnr,,'and Heriry Harrison, mb
torman . : of' the ' southbound car. were
• placed'; under Hrrcstnnd after being tnken
to'thf Southern police i station wern trnns
frnVd'toitlio Central Htatlon arid chargml
.with buttery: \ Hoth were, released 'sobn
after, on, $20;c*nsh bail. each. '{
'"•ThR Kentucky-Htrect cars sto^ 'in ffdriti
of thc'depot; "during the dny to receive!
transferred; niiRsongoi's 'and ,' return , wiili
them to the 'Potrero.' They cross from
the cant , : trackUo tho west by mcana of
a'BWltcb. After. 0 o'clock certain of these
'¦/ Car No.. 954. which had'been standing in
front of the depot- waiting for _ passengers
to transfer to' it from the green car of .the-
Third-street line r was Just ' getting " under
good headway • on Its/ trip south , to the
Potfero. It was crowded : to''tho utmost
with men and, women who are, employed
in! the" retail and '.wholesale districts and
along the water front.: Oar No. ,951 came
bowling along at a fast clip,' north. bcytrid,
carrying al great ' load of mechaiiica' from
the Union Iron Works. An open switch
threw it across, to. tho west track nnd tho
«outh-bound car f si lied to pot clear of the
switch iriitlfno to crcupo a collision. Tho
front /end of tho other car crashed Into
the . fiido of tho ' rear 'end ¦ of .No. 1 954 '."with
terrific, force.' crushing, tho steps Hkq'e'gg'
shclls,'arid .breaking ¦ away a stanchion;
"All 1 the mcn.who .worn most seriously .iri-
JufcdiWero^ rldliig on, the crowded outsldo
of, 4 one, ''car or'thn otln«r, cllnKlnar to the
Htanchion» >or ..- whatever.'. other "support
could'bc had. ; , . , : .
. -Walter Rowland, sin ¦inBtrumont:maknr,
employed .by .-. tho A. Llotz .Company,'. suf
fered' terrible Injuries.' Howan cnuKht bo- 1
. tween tho ' two, ca rs 'and ; bnt lv thigh's were
broken, .both". fractures* being .Vompburid! 1
Ilia, right dnklewasj fractured/arid ;dlslo
ciited and hlH left ••'wrist t riac'ti'ired r'Ji- ITa
•: The crash came with, such suddenness
and so entlreiy; without warning .that a
scene of wild confusion followed.' 'Men
were hanging { on : at J every,- stanchion \ of
both cars, wherever - foothold . . could' be
found' upon the' ; steps '/ when r , the -accident
occurred.'- In such a 'crowd it was ' impos-'
sible for sonic .moments 'to learn the-ex
tent of the'.' catastrophe _ arid every,' '-one'
supposed ' that j many;' were killed J and in-:
jured. "¦! Womert shrieked and'.: fainted ''and
men ¦ pulled .'•' -themselves : free . , f rom'Athe
struggling mass arid then turned- to give
aid to the wounded. , . ' ".
BOTH CARS WERE ; CROWDED.
Southern Pacific depot. at Third
and Townsend' .streets at5:15 ;
o'clock last evening^' ;.JThree ; men. were se
riously injured, one so badly. that the phy
sicians say he cannot live. ; Many., others
were injured in the collision.' some
of them being -badly shaken up Va-nd
bruised. 7 - .¦";.•;" .-V >.. : ' .¦ ¦^¦.' '- ' ~li:-V{
¦» « Kentucky-street cars
B crowded with •working men and
g ,wompn, returning • to their
B homes -after the day.'s labor,
¦JSL crashed together in front of the
The Riverside Bank Is located at Fifty
seventh street ond Eighth avenue. It has
a capital of $100,000 ond a good surplus.
Bell, although- a- young man, had been
long in tho employ of tho bank. lie was
highly regarded by tho bank officials. Bell
recently inherited a, modest , fortune and
wan engaged to-be married.
Bell ha3 not been at the bank since
Monday. On that day. according to his
associates, his cash failed to balance and
ho was asked for an explanation! "He de
nied that there was any shortage and said
that lie would quit his place. Ho was
asked to remain, but walked out. An ex
amination of his accounts was com
menced at once, and it is charged that
the discovery that ho. had been system
atically holding out deposit slips was
made. >
NEW YORK, March 28.-H. C. f Cope
land, president of Riverside Bank, com
plained to the police to-day that H. G.
Bell, receiving, teller of the. concern, was
missing- 'and ' that an examination of his
accounts disclosed a' shortage of $12,590.
He asked tho police to arrest him.
Bank Teller Coolly Walks Away and
- Discovery. of. Shortage Is ,.
'' -. Made.
REFUSES TO WAIT
DURING INVESTIGATION
. The committee then went Into executive
sepslbn and unanimously reported against
the resolution on the ground that Corliss
had not presented a case calling for the
action propoEcd. ..
r>ittlefleld exprosped Ihe belief that the
attention of the Attorney General could
be 'got in fifteen minutes if steps were
taken to get the subject before him. He
addod that charges had often been made
against the' last Attorney General and
against ''the present one that they had
failed to act,' but Llttlpfleld said he had
failed to 'find these officials had refused to
act' oh any matter.. properly brought to
their 'attention.
"Corliss maintained that there was ample
cvldence'to warrant inquiry by the proper
officials preliminary to action. Consider
able sharp sparring was indulged in as to
the amount of evidence Corliss could-pro
duce. , .
WALTER ROWLAND, compound fracture both thighs, right an
kle broken and dislocated and right wrist broken; may die.
CHRISTOPHER GODE, left leg broken and lacerated wound of ' the
abdomen. ¦ \ - . .
DAVID ROY HILL, severe wound of the scalp and numerous abra
sions.
¦ ¦ ¦ •• } • ¦ ¦ t ¦¦ ¦ ¦ '¦."•.•.••••-' \t ¦ .. :t ¦ ¦ .
THE INJURED.
Committee Refuses to
Uphold Him.
a MieinoAft co??anf3g3MAN
WHO PRMANDR ACTION
'ACIAINflT CABJyB COMPANY,
w- yr ASHINGTON, March 2?.
Bl JBL y —Representative Cor
1/1/ llgs cf Mlch! S ftn was
%/ 11/ given a. hearlflt before
* ' the Mouse Committeo
QU Judiciary to*day ~m\
hie f*seiuti©ft dlreetltig the AttofHfy
e*n«fal t© Institute pfo&tdltig* «#alhEt
feted cembinuitMi with etficf eompsi^ki,
CeriiM d€daftd that ih*fe ha4 fe«*>n & <J«
life^rat* vl^lsilon «»f ifw Iftwi againut
eomMsatlw and <h«t th«» w«« to
fi4v«o(§ lite (« of fflesggfff m % thr J
A!l«ntie 1% f^ntp & wort,
C'hsirmsn Ray §n4 th« mfmpprs «f th«
committee ft&eii e. num\^-r (<{ um-t-Mnn-i
wM^h d^vejeptd rsthpr . p'hsrp mvieion
Q\rr fh« retnUHlon, Corliss mif\ Ihfi piflt
iff lisd n^t hern bro«grJH to fhft atlf-Mlnn
of the Attorney Opnernl eo far «s he
knew, but he 6eelre<\ that the commlttfn
take cogntzanre of fartn which showed un
offpnee against the law and refer the sub
ject to ihe Attorney General for his Inves
tigation and action.
UM!en>ld mad« the point that If the
eubject had never been brought, before
the Attorney General'ho rould not be re
niss in not acting on It, and until h? de
clined to act Congress was not warranted.
In giving him dirr*t Ions. He thought this
amounted to, a reflection oh the Attorney
General. Corliss disclaimed any purpose
of making- such reflections. He BimpJy"*
stated facts, he eald, preliminary to ac
tion: "
Chairman Ray /aid. the resolutions
amounted to a direction by Congresn, to
the Attorney General. to do his" duty' when"
there •was'nothinfe fo show he was remiss
In his duty or knew anything about. the
matter. He euggestrd that Corlles ehould
go ftret to the Attorney General. '
Corliss rpmarked that lie' had not come
to b* advise as to what he should do, but
merely to be heard on a statement of
fact*. If thrrc was to bo no action he de
eired to have tho committee share In the
responsibility for non-action. • ' V .' j
LOS ANGELES. March 28.— John A.
Muir. general manager of the Los An
geles Railway, read" the principal paper
of the; evening at the Sunset Club dinner
to-night, his subject j being "Ttie Railroad
Service— Its Opportunities and ] Rewards."
Since Mr. Muir's retirement from the
Southern Pacific, afteAthirty years' serv
ice with that road, his friends In Los An
geles and elsewhere have hoped, "; but
scarcely' "expected, • that he would • tell
something of the inner life of the railroad
—of the events that led to his resignation.
Not until this evening, however, • did an
opportunity offer. He said:
"The railroad service Is exacting in Its
demands. . It may well be. termed fasci
nating slavery. As a rule, and invariably
so in my \ experience and observation, its
opportunities are hard Work, and fre
quently the rewards are abuse, envy and
Jealousy while living, followed by an
early death and a forgotten grave.
"To mention specifically the opportuni
ties and rewards of railroad service leads
to som6 illustrative examples, which I
think are typical throughout the United
States. , : '.
"The late Jerome A, Flilmore, well
known to many of you f e'rsonally and to
all fey reputation, was hard-wnrkfnjr, con
«defltloti#, JUSt ttf the Interest* r ef' the
e.6mp&ny. he served,;^e- wefl, : : and withal
eiiwe i/f eonlaett ,Hs never tnlsssd an op*
peftuflltyand hie final reward was sn «1
tnefit KUfflfflary dismissal Item the 'service
of the company to whlen he had given
his best work snd ths )>«§t ygsr* 'of, his
life, hy ths mueh-latjffcd Charles M, Hays,
« man. with mt a tlth« of FHlmere's ex*
perlenee, fcwt whom myptfirimia fate h«4
place* Hhn\f KDImore with P9W?F to H5§
him ss be pJf»P«4,
"Poor Flllmofft} n ww claimed reeen>
\y in a Pan Frfmcltco paper that he dlert,
of a broken heart, I can well believe \t,
for a. bigger, more generous and kindly
heart, never beat In the bosom of man,
and those who broke it can never espe*
Hence a similar fate,
"A, N. Towne, general manager of the
samo company, whom kind fate permitted
to die in harness after giving the com
pany jiis beet,* came up~from a'n~equally
humble beginning by the sheer force of
merit— brakeman, station agent, yard and
train master, assistant superintendent,
superintendent, general superintendent,
and finally general manager.. And his re
ward—death, at an age when he should
be just in his prime.
THE PASSING OF HAYS.
"Sometimes the reward is neither Just
nor deserved; sometimes it is neither de
sired nor agreeable, although it may. be
eminently just and appropriate. Charles
M.,HayB, some time president of . the
Southern' Pacific Company— at least bear
ing that title, although never allowed to
rattle around." metaphorically, -.in' the
shoes of Mn Huntington— received a Just
and .what might be termed a poetic re
ward. . . In the usual American way he
started at the bottom and polished up the
handles of the 'big front' so industrious
ly that promotion came rapid and sure,:
arid he dawned upon; the Pacific Coast
with' the new century, the* most envied
man'ln the railroad world, with the
biggest salary, It .is said, and with the
most magnificent opportunities.
"A chain 'Is. no stronger than its weak
est link, and his cometllke flight through
the .railroad world of the. West was
eclipsed "and. went out' in darkness ere the
first year of his reported five-year con
tract had expired.
¦¦'.' His downfall was sudden,' his disap
pearance complete, lie came to the coast
prejudiced against the old guard and with
the intention, as. It afterward transpired,
of removing every man (your humble
servant included) who held a responsible
position 5 in the service, no . matter how
faithful or competent he might have been.
Mr. ; Hays, however, ; miscalculated as to
the extent of his power and omnipotence
and had dropped from tho problem, as a
useless -factor, the. Idea of Justice.
/'His plans leaked out, he was hoist by
his own petard and with his -chosen, tool,
the renegade Virginian, Fiizhugh.i'ho was
rclcgatcd'to the glistening snowbanks and
frozen rivers of their Canadian habitat—
in their coldness so typlcnVof their hearts
—while most of the old guard still; bask
and, nourish where tho golden west .bo
gently' slopes to the sunset eea."
Special Disratch to The Call.
Comment
Fill more' s Death the
of Bitter
Reveals Secrets of the
Inner Workings
John Muir Criticizes
Southern Pacific
Ex=President
Corliss Scores
Commercial cable
A Ken
¦j -* T *- tucky-street car ran into an
open switch last evening at
. Third and Townsend streets
and crashed into a southbound
car on the other track. Three
men were seriously injured, and
Walter Rowland mill probably
ELECTRIC CAR S CROWDED WITH WORKINGMEN CRASH TOGETHER,
CRUSHING THREE OF THE PASSENGERS , ONE OF WHOM WILL DIE
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME/ XCI.—XO. i!19.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY^ MARCHvf29, .-; l?02. v /}
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
Alleges Combination
to Raise Rates.
CAUSTIC
CENSURE
OF HAYS
Walter Rowland, an Instrument Maker, Re^
ceives Terrible Injuries and Physicians
Say lie Cannot Recover.WASHINGTON, 'Mftrch 2S.-Scnator
Hanna called at the White House to-night
and m«nt some tlmo In consultation with
tho President. The object of, his visit was
not "disclosed.
Hnnna Consults President.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or l'rotrudlntt 1'llrn
No cure, No Pay. All Oruegr«ts aro authorized
by manufacturers of Pazo Ointment to refund
money where U falls to euro any caco of plica
no matter of how long Htandlngr. Cures ordinary
rases in kIx duva; worst cases in, fourteen days
Onn application gives em-c and .rest. Hell«vei
Itching- Instantly. -This Is a now discovery and
Is tho only - pile remedy sold . on positive «uar
nntee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will b>»
rant by mnll to any one sending name and'ad
dress, Prlcr, 60c. If your druggist don't k«eo
It In stock send 60o In stamps and wo will for
ward full slae box by mnll. Manufactured ty
PAHIB MEDICINE CO.. St> Louis, Mo., who
also • manufacture the celebrated — '-* curt
Laxative Bromo-Qulnia* TatoUts,
.CONSTANTINOPLE, March 28.-A call
for « tho? mobilization pf, 80,000 Irregular"
troops \ has,' been Issued by the Turkish
Government. Ostensibly -the mobilization
is ' for . tho annual ~ maneuvers, but condi
tions in Macedonia and Bulgaria have be
come bo .critical thnt . moro than ordinary
slKnlrtcanpo ls attached, to the movement,
anil it-Is generally believed tho troopa wll
bo called .to quell 11 tho uprisings.
Turkey 4 Mobilizes . Troops.
- ; DENVER; March 28.-A special to the
Republican from Clayton, N. M., says, the
danger of lynching in tho case of- Post-'
master: Guycr. who' killed. W.'K. Searles
ln . s^ AVedne3da y' • ls Past. : ' To-day ' friends
of Guyer, succeeded in having his. bond re
duced to : $1000. .This .was • given ¦ at once,
ana Guyer, . after forwarding - hio ¦ resigna
tion "aa. Postmaster -to; Washington; left
tho town. His destination' la not known.
Flees .From the Banger.
NEW YORK. March 2S.-^The American
bark St. James, which arrived at quaran
tine ' to-night ' from " Renttle ¦ -"via Tsialno.
after a voyage of HO. days, has a cnigo
of 62. COO caneo of salmon consigned to the
Pnclflo Packing and Navigation Company.
This 'is the first, curpo of. salmon sent
around the Horn to- tnta city.
First; Salmon Around the Horn.
SALT LAKE/ Utah j March • 2S.— A spe
cial to the Tribune from Cheyenne, Wyo.V
says: Information received ; here from
Washington. In; private letters is to _' the
effect that Secretary Hitchcock's resigna
tion; despite all denials to the contrary,
will shortly be handed 'President Roose
velt and that his successor will bo Judge
-Willis. Van? Dcvanter.of this State. Van
Devantcr :is'a:member.of the Republican
National - Committee from Wyoming and
for.Blxyeara past, has been Assistant At
torney^ acneral. for the Interior Depart
ment. • ' '¦ . •¦-.*; - ....... ¦ ¦ .'• . ¦
May Succeed , Hitchcock^
The plot to blow up the Welland canal
failed. The men. blundered* in .lowering
the dynamite into the locks, placing it in
such a position that the gates withstood
the shock. Had it succeeded a large area
of surrounding country would have been
flooded and the loss life would have been
great. ¦
. PHILADELPHIA. March 28.— Luke Dil
lon was well known in this city as a
member of various Irish-American or
ganizations, including; the Clan Na'Gael,
the , Irish-Americans and: the Ancient -Or-'
derof Hibernians. He was a member of
the Red Men. H£ had been teller of. a
savings bank- In this city, bui resigned
that position two^years ago. It is said
by several of his friends that he Joined
a party ' of his countrymen ¦ who left here
early • in 1900 to go to South Africa with
tbout fifty .Irish residents of -Chicago for
the purpose of < Joining : the Boer army. :
Luke J. Dillon, his son, occupied a cierl-*
cal position in ;• the Postofflce - here. . He
declined' to discuss the published state
ment of his father's identification, other
lhanto say he did not credit the report.'
He would -not say :. how Jong his father
had been absent from, the city.' '."'¦•' • •
Three ' men were captured soon after
tho explosion which wrecked a portion of
one of the Canadian canal Iocks. Two of
them— John Walsh and John Nolln— were
identified and their records traced. The
third man, who gave his name as Karl
Dallman, was a mystery. Two years ago
Dillon was teller of the Dime Savings
Bank of Philadelphia. Announcement was
made then to Dillon's friends that he had
gone to Europe. A year later the report
was circulated that he had been drowned
in Ireland. .-. . . tV .
BUFFALO, March 28.— The Express to
day publishes a story to the effect that
Karl Dalhnan, one of the three men sen
tenced to life imprisonment in thcr Kings
ton, Ontario, penitentiary for. attempting
to blow up a lock In the Welland canal
on April id, 1900," is no other than Luke
Dillon, the Irish : National leader' and
famous as a close friend of Dr. Cronin,
who 'was murdered in Chicago.
"All these things and many others I of
like kind point to a serious crisis in the
history of this movement, and it behooves
those who believe In, ' coeducation to
study the system with „ all seriousness.
The grounds of discussion have ' changed
entirely, in the last generation. -The old
objections have lost their force , and' en
tirely new ones are now. to the front. The
notion that women are incapable of doing
college work so commonly urged a gener
ation ago has completely disappeared.
The objection that young men and women,
cannot be trusted to observe proper rela
tions in their social intercourse has I lost
its force in view of the plain fact that the
moral tone of . coeducational - • institutions
Is.distinctly higher than that of the com
munity at large, and is certainly not.in
ferior to that of schools for one sex alone.'
."But, on the other-hand, one hears
oftener the claim that ,'¦ the increasing
number of women tends to feminize the
institutions where they are, in some case.i
to such an extent as to discourage the at
tendance of men. It is urged with in
creasing persistence that .the social dis
tractions and dissipations, with their
widening invasion of the,, serious purpose
that should go with school life, form a'
very serious problem, while others em
phasize the fact that the broad difference
in- the future careers of the two soxe3
should find a :, more adequate : recognition
in, the colloco curricula." •'¦ • •
"A new period of questioning - is upon
us. A sort of vague prejudice, has risen
in the country at large, which- indicates
a new altitude of the public mind toward
the whole problem. .The fcystem is at
tacked on new . grounds and' from new
points of view. We are, moreover, not
leff to: merely theoretical criticism and
vague suggestion • as to. what the public
sentiment is on the subject. This is evi
acr.ce.'i in certain quarters by some 'very
inlert sting external designs. The - ilia
tlnct alteration in the attitude of a num
ber of institutions toward the subject . is
Indicated by their policy.. The rapid
growth of- attendance at the women's col
leges during the past few years is also a
very significant fact. •' : :
"There are many slgn3 of a marked re
action in the public mind on the subject
of coeducation. Friends of the move
ment may well view it with some con
cern. The tide seems in certain ways to
have ebbed. A pronouncefl reaction haa
set ln.'T'Jot only has the system ceased to
make new converts, but there are indica
tions that it is losing ground in the very
terrltpry which It. had so completely won.
CHICAGO, March 28.-Dr. Edmund J.
James, president-elect of Northwestern
University, presented his first communica
tion to the board of trustees to-day. On
the subject of coeducation he. said in
part: .>w^
"Yes, I do. 1 think, however, . that it
will'-: take at Ioa3t eighteen ¦ months- to
make -any show In that • direction. The
blacklegs of the police department think
Colonel Partridge Is a nice old gentle
man, who Is immersed. In the details of
his department 'and doesn't know, what
is going on. They will find out when the
time ccmes. Colonel Partridge is, a firm
old gentleman, who will do- his duty. He's
been iri offlco but three months and has
hardly ,; had time to ¦ arrange the simple
policing of the city.'* • \
Asked about the expense of getting evi
dence, the District Attorney said the
committee of - fit teen had spent $20,000 in
that way; spending in some instances two
or three hundred, dollars to. get evidence
again3t a single house. The . defendants
would then, he said, be placed on trial
and sent: to the City Prison for a few
days or. fined a small x amount. : The re
sults, were discouraging, he said. It was
suggested to Jerome that. perhaps a soci
ety might be found which would bear the
heavy expense of : getting > evidence. His
reply .was: i.. ¦ . . . .. : ¦,¦
.'/Do' you know of. any society : that will
put;up $1000:; to. get .evidence? I don't:
1 m not going to spend money out of my
own. peckets when . I know that the
Comptroller will not make good." ¦
Referring to the alleged loss of $71,000 at
one sitting by a young millionaire In Can
nefd's house, the District Attorney aald
that that amount to a man with twcive
million dollars was not nearly aa bad in
proportion as the losses of poorer people
in poolroomu and policy ehops.
"Do you think the police department
wlll.be regenemted in your term of four
years in oince?" was asked.
"I can close every bis gambling houso
In. town If the'Comptroller will accept my
vouchers for the expenses in so doing. It
would cost at least $1000 _ to get 'Dick'
Canfleld to get corroborative evidence.
Do you think the Comptroller would pay
a bill for J2D0 lost nt roulette? He would
say that tho city Isn't going*' to spend its
money, that way."
NEW TORK, March 28.-Dlstrlct Attor
ney Jerome announced to-day 'that if the
city would pay the bill he ' could stop
gambling here. He said: ' .
SPOKANE. March 28. — Brigadier General
W.- H. Plumir.er of this city, commander oC
Washington bri&ado of the Uniform Rank.
Knights of Pythias, has tendered his resigna
tion to Major General Carnahan. The do
manda of business interests ara given, as tha
reason.
Northwestern University
President Sounds an
• Alarm.
Prisoner in Ontario De
clared to Be Luke
Dillon.^* '^ v
New York Official Will
ing, bub He Hasn't
the Money.
Engine and Seven Cars That Cost
Two Hundred Thousand
Dollars Ready.
CHICAGO. March 28.— At the North
western Railway station to-day several
thousand^ persons were given an oppor
tunity to* examine a new train of seven
Pullman cars and an engine, which repre
sented an expenditure of $200,000. Tho
train 1» one of eight which have been
provided by the management ot tho
Northwestern, tho Union Pacific and tho
Southern Pacific, and beginning n"xt
Monday they will constitute the "overland
limited," which will run between Chicago
and San Francisco and Portland. The en
tire equipment of the new service cost
about J2.0OO.CO0.
COSTLY NEW TRAIN" .
' SHOWN" TO THE PUBLIC
man Recently. Found Dead
FORGERY THE CHARGE
IN A. MYSTERIOUS CASI]
Is Arrested.
Man Who Had Dealings With W;-
BOSTON, March 28.— As the outcome of
a prolonged conference between police of
ficials, the two son3 of Mr3. Julia B.
French, who was recently found dead in
her Back Bay residence. . and their attor
ney,- the arrest of Alfred R. Kehew, who
lives in Cambridge, was made to-night.
Kehew is charped with forging the name
of. Mrs. French, }n September, 1500, to a
certificate of transfer of 100 shares of
Massi/husctts Central Mock, valued -at
$1500. He was employed in the office of a
law firm which once did consierable work
for Mrs. French, and certain transa'ctioi'H
In which Kehew Is said to havo taken
part now require explanation In admin
istering Mrs. French's estate.
Kehew was committed to the city
prison, but later necured ball. Ho will
be arraigned to-morrow.
QUESTIONS THE POWEIl
OF THE CONGRESSMEN
President Roosevelt Raturns With
Veto of a Bill to Remove De
sertion Charge.
WASHINGTON. March 2S.-Pros!dent
Rooscvtlt to-da:' sent the House a veto
of the bill for the relief . of Eman'uel
Klauerr from tho charge of desertion.
The President eoyn th!« bill, like the
Senate bill, in the cane of James W. How
ell, not only asks the President to act.
but a!so orders the Secretary of War to
revoke and set asld* the order approving
the proceedings, findings and sentence of
n general court-martial, and to grant an
honorable discharce.
"Jt appears to Imply." nays the Presi
dent, "the possession" by Congress of the
power of overruling and reversing by
f tctute a vu,l!rf Judgment If it did not do
that it was simply an exercise of the par
doning power. It Is questionable whether
Concrcss possesses cither of these powers
and when the bill directed the Secretary
cf War to revoke an order Concress In
fact ma the thing which it ordered him
to do." .¦,'.'**-*>-'. -• "'
Hero Receives a Medal.
WASKI JCGTON. March . 2S.--Tho Secre
tary of the -Treasury has awarded a gold
life-saving- medal to} Elmer Mayo for his
heroic .services in. rescuing Seth'L. Ellis
at the recent Monomoy, Mass., disaster
in which- the cnttre~Hfe-savlng crew 'of
the Monomoy station, with one exception
were lO6t. The Secretary also awarded
a gold rneial to Beth Ellis, the survivor of
the crew. -: -. .. ¦-. .,, -.^ .
STUDENTS ( ABE DISMISSED
FOR INSULTING GIRLS
sity Cause Indignation and
Di Easier.
Email Jokes at the Missouri Univer-
COLUMBIA,- Mo., March 28.— For halt
ing young women on the campus and ex
amining their feet nine students of Mis
souri University have been dismissed and
the names of others are -being secured
with a view to similar punishment
The girls wcre^on their way to a ban
quet in -the acaaemlc hall given by the
freshmen. The building was surrounded
by a mob of students, bent on kidnaping
as many of the male guests as possible,
A number of the latter disguised them
selves as girls in order to pass through
the line. One young man thus attired
was Identified as he stepped into, the
light of the main entrance. The mob' tore
his skirt to tatters and dragrg-ed him
away. After this the besiegers were sus
picious,: and as the guests approached
those who were' girls, or appeared to be
were hailed and made to thrust forward
their feet for examination. Nearly all
submitted to the ordeal w^th surprising
good nature. ' -/--''
COEDUCATION
LOSES FRIENDS
. ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
/(. N. W. , WASHINGTON, | Murch
Vv J 28 -~ The culmination of the long
light of the Grand Army of tho
Republic against H/Clay Evans,
Commissioner of Pensions, occurred
to-day when tho President formal-,
ly accepted resignation 'of that of
ficial. This action, the President, declares,
must not be construed as a condemnation'
RHODES LEAVES WEALTH
TO FOSTER IMPERIALISM
rica Contains Flan for
Education.
Will of Late Magnate of South Af-
LONDON, March 2D.— The Dally Mall
says it Is in a position to nssert that the
late Cocil Rhodes left the bulk of his for
tune, except . some personal and family
bequests, to the promotion of his vast Im
perial plan of education. This project em
braces- every land where the union Jack
files. Its purpose is the Intellectual bet
terment of the British raco throughout
tha world, and the fostering: of the lm
perjal sentiment. • .
The Dally Mall adds that this Idea of
better fitting "Young Britain" to cope
successfully with rival nationalities was
long a dominant scheme with Rhodes, but
that even his closest friends little imag
ined the absorbing hold it obtained on
him until this "was disclosed by tho terms
of his will. The details of this plan of
education will be made public in a few
days.
Cecil Rhodes left the Dalham Hall
estate at Newmarket to his brother
Colonel Francis W. Rhodes. The estate
was purchased by Cecil Rhodes last De
cember. *
HANNA DOESN'T WANT '
PRESIDENTIAL CHAIR
Senator Writes That He Has No De-
sire to Gain the Nom
ination.
TOMAH, Wis. . March 28. — Senator
Hanna has written a letter to C. W.
Croty of this city stating that he Is in
no sense a candidate for the Presidency
in 1904 and requesting his friends to dis
courage any movement to that end: Croty
wrote to the Senator some days ago and
yesterday received the following- reply
dated Washington, March 22: '
i "I have just received your letter of the
19th inst. and wish to assure you of my
thorough ' appreciation pf the high com
pliment paid me in your suggestion in
reference to the nomination for 1904. I
am grateful for such friendship and con
fidence, but will, say In .reply that I am
not in any sense a candidate and trust my
friends will v discourage any movement
looking toward that end."-
TAKES THE "WOMAN'S LITE
AS SHE ENTERS HER HOME
Assassin Conceals Himself in House
and TJses an Ax for
Murder.
JELJ..ICO. Tenn., March 2S.— Mrs. Green
Older was killed at her home at Saxton,
Ky.,'eigh£ miles north of Jelllco, last
night, by an unknown man, who "escaped.
Mr. and Mrs.. Older returned from
church services about ; 0 o'clock. / Mr3.
Older. entered the house, while Mr. Older
went to tho henhouse In the rear. A
moment later he h»ard his wife scream
and, running to the front door, saw an
unknown man disappearing. Older found
his wife dead on the floor. She had been
brained with "an an which was lying
near. The murderer had concealed him
self In the house and struck the deadly
blow as ehe entered. Posses are hunting
the murderer. v&HttSBIM&BHi
SEATTLE. March 28.— William Lassman a
pioneer of the . Yukon, was killed In a m'iae
accident on February, 14 at Circle City.
COIN IS NEEDED
TO WAR ON VICE
of Evans. ' On .the other hand he is to
be provided with a much better office.
He will be appointed Minister of the
United States, either to Spain or Cuba,
probably to the former. ¦
General Torrance, commander- in chief
of tho ' Grand Army, submitted to the
President to-day the conclusions of the
committee which investigated Evans" ad
ministration of the Pension Office, and
these were sufficient, In the ooinlon of
the veteran, to Justify his removal. The
President appreciates that the Grand
Army should have at the head of the Pen
sion Offlco a man in whom it has confi
dence, but he believes that Evans has
administered pension affairs ably and with
an eyb to public interests; ; ' J r* ? v": * ' f
The report of- the cqrnmlttee ¦ accuseds
Evans or failing ,tp permit the expendl-'
ture for pensions" of the "entire ampunt'of :
the appropriation' made last year by Con
gress; that he failed to authorize In
crease's of pensions in cases which were
proved to be absolutely just; that to* Pen
sion Ofllce did not always allow the pen
sion ratings recommended by medical ex-
Preparations Are Made for a Season
of Great National Rejoicing
in Spain.
MADRID. March 2S.— Th« fetes to be
held upon the occasion of the crowning
of Alfonso XIII as King of Spain will
commence May 12 with a grand review .of
15.000 troops at Camp Carabanchel. There
will be a gala operatic performance and
a concert May 16. The actual ceremonv
of administering the oath to Alfonso will
occur in tne Chamber of Deputies May IS.
Upon this occasion Alfonso will for tho
first time wear the uniform of a captain
general In the Spanish army.
After the ceremony in the Chamber the
King and the court will proceed In state
to hear a Te Deum In the Church of Saa
Francisco. el Grande. A banquet to tha
foreign envoys will be given In the palaca
that evening. There will bo popular and
municipal festivities,, bull fights, hor£
AXFON'SO'3 CEOWHIWO
"WILL BE A GALA EVENT
COMMISSIONER OF PENSIONS
,WHO HAS RESIGNED IN ORDER
TO RECEIVE PROMOTION.
Resolved. That the Secretary of State lie
end he U hert-toy directed to Inform this House
whether American citizens of the Jewish re-
Ms?icus faith, holding passports Issued by this
Government, are barred or excluded from en
tering th« territory of the erapire of RuseIr.
and wh«th?r the Uussian Government has made
or is maklnr any discrimination between cltl
zcT.9 of the- United States of different religion*
ffcith or pervuaelon visiting or attempting to
visit ' RuFfla. provided with American pafss-
T^ortF; and whether the Russian Government
her reside regulations rfitneting or Fpeclatly
¦BftoftM to American cltixen*. whether native
or naturalized, of the J«wUh' religious denomi
r.etlon. holding United States passports anj jf
fit-) rei«orrth« fact in relation th«r*to, and
wfcut . action ¦ concerning suc'i rxclucicn. dl«
crim'.natlcn ¦ cr restriction. If . tny. has been
tt.k.n by env department of the Government
cf the United States.
WASHINGTON. March 2S.—Representa
tive Goldfogle of New York to-day intro
duced the following resolution in v the
House: ¦' ¦- „¦ • ¦¦....?¦ ;
Secretary of State May Inquire Into
thi Treatment of American
CONDUCT OF RUSSIANS
CALLED IN QUESTION
Patrick has known Mrs. Francis, it Is
said, since 1892, and . after his wife died
took up his residence at the Francis
house, which is kept as a boarding-houso.
His sisters, who are now. with Mrs.
Jrancis, make no denial of the engage
ment, which, notwithstanding the lack of
confirmation, is generally accepted as a
fact. Mrs. Francis has announced that
she will take up her residence at Ossin
ning when Patrick goes to Sing Sine. She
repeatedly since the trial that had
she been allowed to go on the stand her
evidence would have. had material bear-
Ing for the defense. -• - - •— '-
NEW YORK, March 2S.-The announce
ment made to-day that Albert T. Patrick,
the lawyer convicted of the murder of
William . M. Rice, is engaged to be mar
ried to Mrs. Adelaide Francis, at whose
house Patrick boarded prior to his arrest,
is not denied to-night by either of the
principals. On the other hand, Mrs.
Francis refused to see. callers at her
house, but sent word that she would' have
nothing to say regarding the reported en
gagement until after she had consulted
with Patrick. The lawyer himself, when
seen in his cell in the Tombs, said he*
might have something to say on the sub
ject after he had seen Mrs. Francis to
morrow.
Rice Soon to Be
Wedded.
Lawyer Convicted of the Murder of
PATRICK WILL MARRY
BOARDING-HOUSE MISTRESS
President Mitchell will return to head
quarters next week and will attend the
meeting of the executive board, of which
both he and Secretary Wilson are mem
bers ex-offido. The executive board, un
der the change made at the national con
vention of mine workers here in 1901, will,
after April- 1, consist of twenty-three
members, those outside or the national
officers being elected by the' twenty dis
tricts of the organization. The advisabil
ity of calling a strike In Virginia and
West Virginia . has been put entirely in
the hands of the board. A final demand
Is to be made upon the operators for a
conference and If refused the strike is tz
be called.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 2S.— A special
call was issued from the national head
quarters of the United Mine Workers of
America here this "afternoon by v President
John Mitchell and Secretary W. B. Wil
son for a meeting of the national execu
tive board in this city on Monday, April
7. While not stated In the call it is given
out by Wilson that the .meeting is to con
sider both the anthracite situation in
Pennsylvania and the situation in the soft
coal fields of Virginia and West Virginia,
where strikes involving upward of 175,000
miners are Imminent. It is stated that
the situation In the East, Involving vast
Interests, both to the miners and the
operators, demands the attention of the
executive board.
of the East Demands
Attention.
Serious. Situation in the Coal Regions
UNITED MINE WORXEBS
REQUIRE A CONFERENCE
Tho threo Americans are expected to
appeal to the Supreme Court. of tho inl
and, and' its decision will finally dispose
of their, cases. -It is of course possible
that Senor J'ultnu, -when inaugurated
President, may exercise his pardoning
power, but if he does bo it will not bo
done by the request of the United States.
Otnciuls of the administration who have
felt tho influence of the friends of Ncelcy
and Kathbonb 'Bay that* it will undoubt*
ed!y be applied to the Cuban Government
when it enters Into existence. Tho belief
prevails among publlo men here that u
way will b« found for bringing about the
release of Nceiey and Rathbone after they
have ecrved out a part of their sentences.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 2S.-Prcsldcnt
Roosevelt will not interfere in tho . sen
tences imposed by tho Cuban court upon
Necicy, Rathbono and Reeves, convicted
ot Cuban stamp frauds.
(special Dlepatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, March 2S.-Representa
tlve James M. Griggs was unanimously
chosen chairman of tho Democratic Con
gressional committee at a meeting held
to-night in the minority caucus room at
the Capitol. A committee consisting- of
tho chairman, Griggs, Representative
Williams of Mississippi, Representative
Rupert of Now York, Representative
Richardson of Tennessee, Representative
Williams of Illinois, Representative Jack*
son of Kancias and Senator Culberson of
Texas wus appointed to perfect a plun of
organization for the ensuing Congres
sional campaign and select the remain
ing officers of the committee, subject to
the ratification of a meeting of the full
committee to, bo held April 11.
it is the general understanding that this
committee among other things will report
In favor of tho creation of an executive
committee of which ex-Representative
Ben T. Cable of Illinois probubly will bo
chairman, and a finance committee of
which Lewis Nixon of New York probably
will bo chulrman. The only other naraa
besides that of Griggs which was present
ed to the committee for the chairmanship
was that of Representative Cowherd of
Missouri, but it was withdrawn before
the vote was taken.
The following were selected to repre
sent States which havo no Democratic
representation in Congress: Connecticut,
Robert E. Deforest; Iowa, G. A. Hoff
man; Maine, H. J. Brown; New Hamp
shire, Henry Hollis; Oklahoma, Harry
Bacon; West Virginia, E. H. Ossesman;
Wisconsin, E. C. Wall; Wyoming. C. T.
Arnold; Indian Territory, Sam Powell.
The committee to-night heard the pro
tests of a faction of the Democrats of
the party of the District of Columbia
against James L. Norris, who was elected
to represent the district at a former
meeting of the committee, but decided to
disregard- the Drotests made.
;*ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
"\\\. WASHINGTON, March 28.—Retalia
tion against Germany for her exclusion of
American meats was seriously considered
by the President and his Cabinet to-day.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson believes
that drastic steps must be taken to pro
vent the German Government from con
tinuing Us policy of forbidding tho entry
of American meat*, ostensibly because
they miv unhcalthtul, but really in order
to meet tho. demands of the Agrariun
party. If the United mates lulls to com
pel Germany to revclnd this prohibition
other countries which receive American
incut* may feel that there Is reattonttblu
{rt-ouud for Germany's action and adopt
•ne t:am* policy.
Thus the American meat trade Is In
danger of Irreparable Injury, and Secre
tary Wilson believes It is nigh time for
the American Government to protect it.
)n anticipation of the discussion which
will shortly commence between the two
Governments. Secretary Wilson recently
directed the chemist of the Department
of Agriculture to examine German beers,
wlnca and foods imported into this coun
try. The report of ihis official, which the
Secretary read to the Cabinet to-day,
ehowa that German producers use pre
servatives and adulterants as freely, at
least, as is done in the United States.
The Secretary stated that there Is
ample ground for prohibition by this
Government of certain German products,
and he was disposed to recommend the
adoption of a policy of retaliation in case
liermany did not rescind the- prohibition
of -Importation of American meats. .
The President proposes that the, "State
Department shall make strong represen
tations oh the subject to Germany. Sec
retary Hay Is prepared to act as soon as
Secretary Wilson transmits to the State
Department the facts which he has gath
ered, but in the preliminary note he will
probably do no more than make an In
uirect remonstrance. The State Depart
ment believes that It might be wise to
suggest the appointment of a commis
fcJcn, comprising German and American
chemists, to investigate the whole sub
ject of adulterants.
£pe:lal Dispatch to The Call.
Another provision restricts officers and
managers of the National Home for Dis
abled Volunteer Soldiers to persons to
whose military or naval service would
render them eligible for admission to the
home. i .-¦ ¦ >
The river and harbor contract items
over $50,000 are: Grays Harbor, Washing
ton. $156,000; Illinois and Mississippi ca
nal, $753,000; harbor San Pedro, Califor
nia, $311,000: Everett Harbor, Washing
ton, $117,000; Improvements Mississippi
River from mouth of tho Ohio to Minne
apolis, $250,000.
The bill contains a general provision
directing the Secretary of War to report
at the next session of Congress a propo
sition for the consolidation of the exist
ing commissions having charge of the
several national military parks or substi
tuting therefor a commission consisting
of one or more members to have charpe
under the War Department of all mili
tary parks.
Among tho contract items provided In
excess of the present appropriations are:
For public buildings, $3.839.6lt>: Ytllow
stone Park, $300,000; Louisiana. Purchase
Exposition, for Government building i and
exhibit, $1,048,000; permanent fiensus of
fice and twelfth census. $1,400,000; seacoast
battery sites, etc., $1,587,030: river and
harbor continuing contract*, $3.3^,757.
Some of the other main Items 'are as
follows: Atlanta, Ga., penitentiary,
$100,000; Chickamauga and Chattanooga
Park. $50,000; Chlneeo exctuaion a£t»
$200,000; defending suits. Spanish treaty
claims commission, $60,000; Leavenworth,
Kuns., penitentiary, $250,000; enlargement
of military posts, $1,557,050; " portrait ot
William McKlnley, $2500; Shlloh Mili
tary Park. $40,000; Vlcksburg Military
Park, $100,000.
Among the public bulldlnp Items over
$30,000 are: Boise. Idaho, $50,000; Chey
enne, "Wyo., $74,983; Chicago, $l,0w),000;
Helena. Mont.. $3).GC0; Salt Lake City,
Utah. $50,000; Seattle. Wash.. $250,000.
WASHINGTON, March 26.-The sundry
civil appropriation bill, tho most impor
tant of the Government supply measures,
was completed to-day by /ho Houso Com
mittee on Appropriations. The bill appro
priates $19,316,305, being $12,483,042 less tn;m
tho regular supplemental estimates and
$12,579,512 less than the appropriations for
the current fiscal year.
POLICE UNVEIL
HIS IDENTITY
The ' following letter ' from Evans, re
signing the Commissionership of Pen
sions, together with an appended state
ment, was made public at the' White
House to-night:
1 Deoartment of the Interior,
Bureau of Pensions,
"WASHINGTON, March 15, 1002.
To the President: For some time I have been
considering- the question of resigning. It will
Boon be seven years since I assumed the duties
of this office, and' I now have tKe honor of
tendering you my resignation as Commissioner
of Pensions, and will thank you to accept the
same at as early a date as may suit your con
venience. .
Thanking you for your kindly consideration,
and with assurances of my best wishes, I am,
very. respectfully,. H. CLAY EVANS.
The statement appended to the letter
is as follows: ,-.. ;. _. ,. .- . . . .:• , ; ¦ ,
Mr. Evans* 'some \ months ago verbally ex
pressed his deslro to ( resign, and flnaliy.put.it
in writing on March lift. Th» President,* how*
ever, has toM him that he will hnve to remain
as Commissioner, in the first place, until his
successor. has been determined upon and. In the
necond place, until there Is some ' position to
tender him which the President will regard as
r promotion and as a fitting reward for his
excellent cervices in the department.
Letter of Resignation.
As to Medical Boards.
"Complaint Is also mado that I should
have given an" increase for each applica
tion. ' Last year there were probably JUO,
000' increase claims rejected. If I had
glvdn the -lowest Increase this would have
meant an additional expenditure annually
of more than $2,000,000. It does not, how
ever, make any difference how n.uch
money the Government spends provided
law and facts Justify the expenditure.
These claims were rejected on their
merits.
"It ls~ claimed also that the Pension Of
fice does not always allow ratings rec
ommended by the medical boards. We
have followed the rule of rating a man
according to his disability rather than ac
cording ta his rating. .. There are 1500 pen
sion boards scattered about the country
who have no experience In the adminis
tration of pension laws, and they make
recommendations, sometimes In the same
case, so radically different that. the Pen
sion Office must consider the facts and
late the pension according to disability,
and not the . recommendation of the
board." • ,
Evans insists that he has not been in
formed of the post to which he will be
transferred. He stated emphatically,
however, that he would not go to Cuba;
that so far as he knew there was no
thought of giving him this mission. It
seems to be the general belief that when
Storer is appointed to an embassy, aa the
President has promised. Evans will be
sent to Spain.
"I have been In the Pension Office five
years," said Evans to-night, "and during
that, time about 1,100.000 pension cases
have been acted upon. The Pension Office
has an excellent ? working force, which as
. stated me materlully In bringing the work
up.' Most of the business now before the
department ¦ rulutes to ¦. increases of - pen
sion*. We have been Issuing these at the
' ; rat*',of moro than 400 certllleutes per day,
arid still -complaint \x mmlo ot delay.
More than a million invalid claims were
allowed, and thore'.ura but . 45,000 still
pending. One of thu charges made aguinut
me is that I- fnlled- to- authorize the ex
pendlturer of nil the appropriation mado
; for, pensions. The appropriation last yenr
wna $144,000,(100. It whs mado upon an.es-
MlniRto which I submitted and which was
. necessarily only* nn estimate because It
was 'Imposslblo to state accurately tho
: effect of action on pension claims filed
as a result of tho war with Spain und
itho -refcelllon In tho Phlllpplnea. I told
tho 'enmmltb'G at tlui timu that the ostl
niato was a liberal one. 1 . During the year
the i Government expended' for pensions
»138,0u0,00U.. ; Pensions are grantod accord-
Ins to law and not according to.appro
priations, and the money not distributed
wus retained in tho treasury.
amining boards and that he was discourt
eous.
bone Working to Obtain
¦*- Clemency.
Friends of Neeley and Rath-
Representatives Delegated to
Arrange Method of
Action.
Includes an Appropriation ot
$31 1,000 for Work at San
Pedro Harbor.
President and Cabinet Con
eider Plan to Protect
Foreign Trade.,
Pr esiden b Not to Inter*
fere, in Case of Cu
ban Convicts.
Most Important of tha
Supply Measures Is
Completed.
America Can Retaliate
for the Exclusion
of Meats.
Griggs Made Chairman
of the Congressional
Committee.
BILL CARRIES
MANY MILLIONS
CANNOT EVADE
IMPRISONMENT
DEMOCRATS PLAN
THEIR CAMPAIGN
GERMANS USE
PRESERVATIVES
Grand Army of the Republic Finally in Getting H. Clay Evans to
Resign, but the President Intends to Promote tfie Retiring Official and
t Will Probably Send Him as United States Minister to Spain
CULMINATION OF THE LONG FIGHT
AGAIN ST THE PENSION COMMISSIONER
THE SA^FRA^CISGp. CALL, SATURDAY; 3IARCH 29, 1902^
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To Cure Grip in , Two Day*,
Laxative. Bromo-Qulnlte : removes th* cause,
aw. Qrove'a stgnaturt «ntY«nr bos, •<
¦
Pears' soap is dried a
whole year. That's why it
lasts so. It wears as thin
as a wafer.
8oldaHoT*rthcworUS.' :
and If -his linen la as comfortable as thJ
maker Intended Itj he's at ease wherever
placed. Our laundry methods brlnsr out
all the comfort that's in a shirt and en-
case his wrists and neck with a soothing
comfort In cu ft.'- and collars unapproach-
able by any other. means than ours.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS%
Office 1 OO4- Market Street.
. Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Of f lco-54 San Pablo Avo.
ffiM^rag&araBHHttfflBsmgfe
CLOTHES DO MAKETHE MAN
and Pills
Are the medicines to take— they do the
work thoroughly and agreeably.
Accept no substitute.
There is a best time for doing every-
thing — that is, a time when a thing can
be done to the best advantage, most
easily and most effectively. Now is the
best time for purifying your blood
Why? Because your system is now try-
ing to purify it — you know this by the
pimples and other eruptions that have
come on your face and body.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
March
April May
S Great Easter Edition. |
' ' ' •' •' ' ' ' ' ' ' ' J ' '*.iy~i : '/i I
: i\vi3picnuciiL lit s
Beautiful Colors I I
And Unsurpassed in Articles Si
of liurnan Interest Apper- 1 I
taining totheQIorious Easter Jv |
I For Women Readers, j S I
~__^__ -"\' •'• ¦ . ¦ jp • i '"H
Out riarch 30, 1902. Price 5c a Copy 7^
' Order Nnw a: JDAWSON.. Marchj 28.— Fire 'started ';-, : at I
-midnight Ton \ Steamboat;; Slough, opposite '
' this ' city. 7:i The , slough ? is by , Yukon]
tboats [for winter;, quarters." v Of .the "
'. steamers ,• and , barges - present .-when » the I
¦ fire;: started." i the - Glenora, and « Mbna. • the ¦
property 'of rJ.*E.'>Genellc of ;. Vancouver,",
.B.' C, iwere consumed.' The j loss, so fc far I
is $37,000; j and ;the".flre ' is still < raging. Its'
origin f is ; unknown. - ' ' <'.. ' '.'i
Tire on \ Dawson's -.Water Front.
Rutledge Guilty of Forgery.
SAN BERNARDINO, .March 28.— After
l sensational trial R. R. Rutledgeof Lo S
Angeles was this morning' convicted, of
lorgery, (he jury having been out sixteen
hours. Rutledge forged the name oC: A;
J. (.ram; ltls employer ¦ ard a prominent
orange grower of Ea?V Highlands, to'iiu
merous checks and cashed them in r busi
ness huiis,. f in this city. The trial - de
veloped the fact that^Rutledge and the
woman i. who has passed as his wife-were
not married, neither having been*" di
vorced from former- partners in matri
mony. Mrs. Rutledge is the wife of . a
lormer- lx>s Angeles policeman -numed
Roberts, while Rutledge'n wife Is in Ken
tucky. As a result of the cross-examina
tion Mr?. Rutledge is now: lying j In a
critical condition. . having been ; uncon
tcious for nearly twenty-four hours.' The
physicians fear she will die.
¦ REDDING, March : - 28.— A good 'piece of,
news 'from' the ! Bully Hill region is" the
nnhouncement ; ; that- the , group
of mines at Copper City,. three miles from
Bully Hill. i owned by the Bully Hilt;Min
ing -. and ; Smelting- • Company; will be
opened'on April 1. This;is oneTofth<3 re
sults of. .the- recent;. visit, ot' Captain "J.-R.
de-la Mar. s Renewed activity. at' the Win
throp-will put fresh life into. Copper .City/
Itis said'that Captain De la Mar, intends
to, double; the- capacity. of his Bully Hill
rmelting ' plant. .. - . • .
Winthrop Mines to Be Opened.
:. TACOMA, March 28.— The ..launching of
the steam schooner Albion River, . set for
last night at Everett, did not take place
'because.! 1 the, steamer stuck •¦ on . the ' ways
and wouldnot slide : int0ithe water. The
tallow which had been used to lubricate
I he: ways i froze fast, -preventing; the boat
sliding down.- A tug was hitched on. but
sherparted: her- -lines twice .and scarcely
moved -., the steamer.; This morning the
big tug Tyce parted a twelve inch hawser
and succeeded, in -moving, the vessel only
elght-feet.^By.thls.timethe tide was too
low. to warrant .further pulling." --. This
afternoon the, steamer was reblocked and
the , ways' retallowed. :lt ¦ is p intended to
launch her to-morrow night.-": The Albion
River has, been built for Hoyt.& Swayne
of % San; Francisco to ply, between Albion
River.- and c San ' Francisco, '; carrying . red
,wood^lumber.*.. ; .-¦ ¦•:."-.. ¦ '" ¦ . ,-
Fail " to Launch New ' Vessel.
" v: Delegates— J*S3e ; Marks, P. f J. Meheg-an • M I
•D.'iCohn..: Edward Kelly, D.vA.' Ryan,' I : L.
Blum; ' Max : Warschauer, < E.VA. •" Beeler '¦¦' J " ¦ H* \
Hutaff. . J. i B.' Sykes. -. George F. : Mero Jr ¦ Frej '
Hancock," F.~ Beckey. George • A;,' Hare, d'i Fltz- '
gerald. . , Mark Wilson, - Charles £. H. ¦ Stanyan
.William M. Kllng*r,*;P. ;N. ';• Llllenthal J G
Glesting, A.". J:' Vlntng,;..tEmil, Bauer,' A. C
Rulofson, i John^Snowgrass,- Davis . Louderback'
J. K M.\ Wllkins^and' James'/Ai'-' Simpson.'. .-,'- -
,It was; decided to appoint the alternates
to;nlght'and',the meeting adjourned; |
A resolution 'was: adopted .'empowering
the executive 'committee to appoint the
required >: number ' of delegates -. from the
club « roll. -The committee made the fol
lowing selections:
'V At ' laree— Harry,- Baehr; alternate, H. , J.
OwenT.'; ••• . ; -,'¦ -'. " \v''.-'- r '-.
A .ball, will be, ; . given to-night at
,tracht Hall by members of .the Unlon'La
bor Party. Mayor Schmltz; and wife are
expected to lead the grand march. A
voting contest for the most popular mem
ber of,' a", union .-'affiliated' with that body
will: be a 'special feature; Several hand
some prizes have been donated by promi
nent members.
mund Tauszky, who was chairman of the
club, ¦ sought to stampede the meeting by
the aid of some Democratic sympathizers
whenone'of ihis adherents made a'motion
empowering. <the . chair to appoint ; the
thirty delegates to the convention of the
State. League of -Republican Clubs to be
held at San Jose on April 14. Ho declared
the motion carried, and summarily ad
journed-the meeting. ,
When Tauszky and his friends, led by
Assemblyman -.Hamilton Bauer, • left the
meeting the dub reorganized by the elec
tion' of , ex-Supervisor William Wilkinson
as chairman,(School Director T. P..Wood
ward,;: vice .president; «D. } L*; Fitzgerald
secretary. and;P.t J." Mehegan, 1 treasurer
On" taking : the chair . Wilkinson ¦ appointed
an executive of nine members
consisting of'Jesse E. Marks,' E.-B .Read'
Charles Dillon, -M.-D. Cohn,> I.- L.Blum'
J. H. • Hutaff ,' Slg i Rosenberg, Jr D. : Schro
der and; Fred Hancock. ..: 'A ..'. .-...¦
Union Labor , Party Ball.
James . Connell . who rooms in the Ade
laide House on Third street, applied at
the City ami ; County Hospital : last night
for, treatment of several contused wounds
about the head and ¦ body. He claimed
that -he received the injuries during' an
early,, morning, encounter -with a footpad
who -stood' him- up on Third' street' near
Stevenson.' :*3«i€£jta|$St£lEjfS ¦
Claims "Footpad Beat Him.
Accused of Stealing- Two Cabins.
BAKERSFIELD, March 28.— W. E. Dea
con, rancher of the Weed Patch, was ar
rested to-day in Kern City on the charge
cf having stolen two cabins from an oil
claim in the Kern River district. The
company, learning that the cabins -were
missing, traced them to Deacon's prop
erty. Deacon says that he purchased
two similar houses from T. A. Baldwin
and that if he took the wrong ones it
vras because he was mistaken in the loca
tion of the Baldwin property. This stute
raent is verified by Baldwin.
The mother of the colt- was at the race
track Uhis winter while Norris . & Rowe's
show was in quarters there and the mon
strosity is supposed to have been due to
a. prenatal influence.-, .. ¦ -.
-The Jaws and lower part of the head are
those of a camel. The. lower jaw Is very
long, -while. the upper one and the Up are
short. On the upper lip is hair the same
as on a. -camel's lip and the mouth re
sembles that ' of • ¦ the ;-.: humped '. animal.
'Above \ the mouth- is an abnormal' eye, as
large as 'two ordinary ones. This optic
Is * open. Above . on either ; side - , of * this
cvcloplc member : are (two • other eyes.
They are: covered with skin, but can be
plainly felt. .The ears are .those -of ; a
horse, but- are turned- around more than
ordinarily.: ¦• • *, '¦ --:
' SAN JOSE, March 28.— A curiosity in
the shape of . a: colt with a camel's head
and -one large eye In the -center of the
forehead . was born this morning at tho
ranch + of Samuel Parker,- near Milpitas.
The animal otherwise is a perfect^ speci
men of- a thoroughbred colt and' well de
veloped. A nose was lacking and • as • it
could only; breathe through its mouth it
lived but a short time. . . . .*' :
Queer Freak Is Born at the Ranch of
Samuel Parker Near
Milpitas.
THOROUGHBRED COLT
WITH A CAMEL'S HEAD
SAN JOSE. March 25.— The Mystic
Shriners abiding under the date palms of
the oasis in San Jose have planned hos
pitable .things on a" mammoth scale in
order to entertain Islam Temple of San
Francisco and its nobles on the evening
of April 12., Aside from the social features
of this pilgrimage a large class of can
didates will be tnltiated. ,These novices
will hail from San Joue, Santa Clara.
Santa Cruz, Los GatOF, Watsonville, ( Sa
linas, Monterey. Pacific Grove, Holllster,
Centervllle, Los Banos, Newman, .Mo
desto. Merced. Madera, Fresno and other
contiguous places. There will be a great
oratorical pyrotechnic display when
Noble 8. M. Shortrldge r and others from
San Francisco ptart the "hot air pumps."
TheMocal committee of arrangements In
chargt* of the entertainment. consists of
Nobles C. G." II. MacBride, George B.
Mi-Kce, A. ¦ W: Spitzer, J. K.' Kocher and
J. A. Rice. '^BMRHMSn&MHBfn
Entertained in the Garden
City.
If lam Temple of San Francisco to Be
MYSTIC SHRimBHS WILL
JOURNEY TO SAN JOSE
Those on the Farragut claim that they
won and theoretically sent the battleship
to the bottom of the Pacilic. On the Wis
consin," "however, it was contended ' that
a rocket which the latter sent ud long
before the destroyer was within 1500 yards
marked the discovery of the Farragut. but
just why the searchlight was not turned
on at that, time Is not explained.
SAN DIEGO. March 28.— The torpedo
boat Farragut slipped out of the harbor
soon after dark to-night with tho fellde
sign of technically torpedoing the big
battleship Wisconsin, lying at anchor off
Coronado beach. The Wisconsin had been
notified that she might expect a visit
from the destroyer at any time between
sunset and the rising of the inoon at
about midnight. On board the' battleship
the same watch was kept and the same
precautions taken as in actual war. The
conditions were that the Farragut must
get within 1500 yards of the battleship be
fore the latter got a searchlight on her.
The darkness favored * the torpedo-boat
and she glided along toward the Wiscon
sin, narrowly missing a picket-boat.
When from 1000 to 800 yards from the bat
tleship the latter's searchlights found her
and a rocket proclaimed the fact.
the Battleship Wisconsin
TJnperceived. -
Parxagut Attempts to Steal Up to
TORPEDO-BOAT MAKES
SHAM ATTACK AT NIGHT
SAN. JOSE, March 28.— I. E. Robertson;
aged 76 years, has been missing, from his
home In .this city since yesterday morn-
Ing. As he was strictly temperate and
domestic in his habits, his family is much
alarmed about him. He had upward of
$100 In his pocket. • •
San Jose Resident Missing.
SACRAMENTO, March 23.— The direc
tors of the California Grain Growers' As
sociation to-day elected the following
officers: President.' George -W. Pierce of
Davisville; first vice president; B. F.-Wal
ton of Yuba City:- second vice president,'
D. Reese 'of Sacramento. The selection
of a secretary and treasurer was deferred
until the meeting to be held next Wed
nesday, at which time .the salaries of di
rectors and officers may be fixed.
Grain-Growers Elect " Officers.
It ,is rumored- that family differences
caused the young woman to take poison,
notwithstanding -the assertion that the
taking of-, the poison ¦ was accidental. It
Is said : that her. mother objected to her
recent marriage I and . that this preyed
upon her; mind. • Members of her family
say, however, that she was playing the
piano and singing at noon yesterday and
did not give the least intimation of.de
spondency. •-.
She 'was found, by her mother writhing
in pain soon after .she had' taken -the poi
son. Physicians , were at v once isent for,
and everything, possible is being done to
relieve the young woman.
Mrs. Grace Duncan, formerly Grace
Martin, who was married on March 19 to
W. W. Duncan, a motorman employed on
the Mission-street -line .of the Market-:
street Railway /Company, swallowed ' a
dose j of carbolic acid about noon yester
day and ; is now lying at her residence,
442>£ Twenty-ninth street, in a precarious
condition. Her -relatives claim she took
the poison by mistake.
• Mrs. Duncan is about 18 years of age
and is said to be the daughter of a Mrs.
Inch. Her father is Thomas Martin, who
runs .a; ranch in the- vicinity of Stockton.
He is. expected to arrive in the city this
morning, having been apprised, of his
daughter's serious condition. :.
The Republicans of the" Fortieth Assem
bly ¦•'. District ¦ had a* lively / time at Sj their
meeting in Franklin Hall; last; night.) Ed-
. W. C Van Fleet. -W. Cluff,' : II. J. Crocker,
J.,A." Bush. J. Daly, D/-.McPartland, H. Striem.
W.n. Nixon. W.<R: Berry. T.W. -Collins. \XV.'
Ci. Leale.' C. 11. I-rfsavy, W. J;. Barton; W.'S.
Wood, F. G.' Williams.' ;E.' C. V Landes. J.vp.
Jackson; J. Cole, J. A.- Snook. W.H. Reynolds.
I. Graham, II. ¦ A.- Jacobs, G.- HA \Valker," F.
II. Powers. I. L. Ettlinger," F. A. -..Vail and
P. V. Long. -. /¦!¦)¦ ; ; •.'.'.¦;,
• Fortieth- District , Republicans. \
The Dibble Republicans' in' the Forty
first Assembly District held ' a ' meeting | at
Plxley-Hall last night. --The- meeting was
presided over by ' Frank W. Marston. _' A
letter from Governor Gage expressing his
regret at being unable to attend jthe meet
ing was read. The attendance, which was
very small, was addressed* by Henry C.
Dibble. Dr.W.E. Smith and Robert Gler.
The following delegates were then chosen |
to represent the district at the convention'
to be held at San Jose next month: ¦-:-' ¦
The Dibble Republicans.
For Napa County — H.'.. H. . Thomas,; F. W.
Bush, C. . I): Falconer, '. George /.Berry,- ,- R.' . F.
Taylor,- A. II. Brown and D. E. Osborne. L '¦
' For Mendoclno, Inyo ; and , Alpine counties-
George L#. "Albright and John. : E. . Jones.
It is common gossip . that - the State
Normal School at San ; Jose has been
thrown into the pool of politics,, but the
hint of the Berkeley Gazette i3 the first
intimation that the State University is to
be worked. It may bo -worth while for.
friends of the university to know that the
law providing a permanent tax j of one
cent for .the maintenance of the uni
versity was passed CJuring* Governor Per
kins' administration,. and further that : tne
law providing an additional:' tax -of ¦ one
cent was enacted during Governor Budd's
administration. .When Gage, went into of
fice the, revenue of the university was;es
tablished and, the institution . was out 'of
politics. It is his duty/to keep it entirely
independent of all political influence, w Let
him restrict his political operations to^the
Home. ¦ for Feeble Minded ¦ in ; Sonoma
County and the . Harbor : Commission of
San Francisco. ' ' , - :
Governor Gage appointed^the, following
Agricultural Directors. yesterday: .
Gage cannot drag this institution into
his campaign ' for . re-election without
knowingly and willfully violating his oath
of office. : ¦ ' :•' . - - : .¦¦¦'¦••¦ ¦.'•.';.
Must Violate Oath.
The University of. California shall
constitute a public trust: *'* * It
rhall be entirely independent of . all
political or sectarian- influence > ar.d
kept free therefrom in the . appoinc
raent of its Begents and in the ad
ministration of its affairs.
The Gagelings of the press who are try
ing to win applause for Gage from the
faculty and student body -of the • uni
versity are getting, close . to the danger
line of politics.. Gage took a solemn oath
to support the constitution of the State
of California ¦ and that constitution dis
tinctly commands' • that - the " university
shall be entirely Independent of all politi
cal influence and kept' free therefrom in
the administration of its affairs. .
* . ¦ . ¦
The Ga^e organs are now bent on
dragging the State University into poli
tics. The Berkeley Gazette offers this
suggestion: "There is no question that
the university owes much j to v Governor
Gage for his earnest and fearless efforts
in behalf of the university. •/ At his sug
gestion a general bill was passed which
gives $100,000 a year extra" to the uni
versity for a number of years."
One of the best and noblest friends that
the university ever had was Judge -Wi
nans of San Francisco, who fought man
fully in the constitutional convention of
1878-79 to keep the State's great institution
of learning out of politics.' He succeeded
in placing this provision in article 9, sec
tion 9 of the. constitution .'of -^California;
believes that 6he is soon to come into an
inheritance of $1,800,000, one-fifth share of
an estate left to her father by his brother,
who recently died in Germany. The father
Is dead and the estate reverts to his heirs.
Bedding Woman to Receive One-Fifth
of a Vast Estate in
Germany.
REDDIXG. March 2S.— Mrs. Eli E. Dack
of this city, formerly Mrs. Laura Diener.
1TEIB, TO POBTUNE OF
NEAELY TWO HXLLIOUS
Swallows Carbolic Acid
and Is in Precarious
Condition.
Leads Off in the .
Shouting.
Gage Organ' at Berkeley
SEATTLE, March 28.— The' \ steamship
Cottage City, reaching port this morning
from Skaguay and Sitka, brings " reports
of valuable placer diggings found in Rod
,'man Bay district and of a stampede from
'Sitka last Saturday and. Sunday. On Sat
urday night seven vessels departed from
the capital for : the reported strike. . The
pay. streak is said to lie only a foot be
low the surface. Among those who have
gone on the stampede were Governor
Brady, and D. E. Graff, one of. the most
prominent business men in. Southeastern
Alaska. Rodman Bay is between Killis
noo, a cannery station, and Sitka.
STAMPEDE FBOM SITKA
TO NEW GOLD DIGGINGS
BRIDE OF WEEK
TAKES POISON
and his company. Other plans for enter
ainment in the future are under consid
eration. ,''•;¦¦
STOCKTON, March 28.-The jury in the
case of George W. Gribble returned- a ver
dict this evening of murder in '. the ' first
degree and fixed the punishment at life
imprisonment.
- Cribble murdered Lena Young in a lodg
ing-house in this city on the 29th of last
December. The crime was atrocious, the
woman being choked and beaten to death.
The evidence, however, was • largely cir
cumstantial, and the verdict is said -to
have been a compromise between jurors
who favored ' hanging and others who 'be-'
lieved the • crime should • be determined to
have been murder in the second degree.
CKRIBBLE FOUND GUELTY
: of riEST, degree inraDES,
DISTRICT DEPUTY, B^P. O. E..
WHO PRESIDED \^?5.T (> THE
LODGE ELECTION. ;.-.•>,'' •'
afternoon. Downing practically made a
complete circle, at one point of which
he rode the bicycle upside down.
For the past two weeks J. K. Russell,
"Bunt" Smith and Downing have been
experimenting with the loop, hoping to
¦win a. prize which had been offered them
in the shape of $2000 for a two-weeks' en
gagement with a show in San Francisco.
juummy figures have been used on the
wheel. The greatest obstacle to overcome
¦was the weakness of bicycles. A wheel
capable of carrying a half ton was built.
This made a. successful trip and this af
ternoon Downing decided to make the
venture. He was successful, everything
"working as planned. The second trial
iuilf-d. «i i-:«-~naking- the turn the -wheel
broke. He make another trial to
morrow.
Looping the loop is performed on ¦ a
structure 300 feet long. From a height of
forty-seven feet the rider starts down
an incline of about forty-five degrees until
he reaches the loop. The velocity with
which the rider Is going carries him
around inside the loop, which is thirty
feet in diameter. In the journey the rider
maJces a complete circle in the air. From
the loop the rider is carried off on a
gradual rise until the velocity of the
wheel nas spent itself and the rider
alights.
one of the best known cyclers on tho
coast, "looped the loop" on a bicycle this
Daring Feat Is Mastered by the Beck
less Garden City .Wheel
man.
SAX JOSE. March 28.— Hardy Downing.
EAEDY DOWNING SUCCEEDS
IN "LOOPING THE LOOP'
Army orders announce that Second
Lieutenant Robert O. Patterson. Twenty
ninth Infantry, now in San Francisco, is
ordered to the General Hospital, Fort
Bayard, NT. M., for treatment. First
Lieutenant John H. Lewis, Fifth Cavalry,
is relieved from duty in the Department
of California and assigned to duty in the
Department of the Colorado.
A navy order announces that Com
mander U. R. Harris is ordered. to the
Asiatic station, via steamer from San
Francisco, April 8.
These California pensions were granted:
Original— Thomas E. White. Veterans'
Home," Napa, 1 $8; " Eldridge F. Colby,
Glazin, $8; Joseph Dunn. Saticoy, $10; El
more Codington, Los Angeles, $8; Cassius
Eckstein. San Francisco. $12; John Ka
coon, San Francisco. $12; Guy. Goodrich,
Ventura. $6; Patrick W. Hassett, St.
Louis, 56. War with Spain— Fred S.
Walker. Napa, $6. Increase— James Blon
din. Tehama. $8. Mexican -War— Alfred
Guthrie, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12.
Widows — Minnie Hamann, Oakland, $8;
Sophia S. Hazen. Santa Ana. $8.
Oregon: Original— Asher Tyler. Port
land, $12. Increase— Richard F. Shannon,
Parkersburg, $12; Harrison Tingle,- Ore
gon City, $10; Frank. H. Armstrong, Oak
land. $1". >
Washington: Original — Stephen M.
Douglass, Spokane. $6. Widows— Caroline
Schirrner. Orchard, $S.
WASHINGTON, March 28.— The Post
office Department to-day announced the
following: \,
Postofflce established: Washington—
Pysht, Clallam County. Postmasters com
missioned: California"— Lillie M. Douglass,
Elmodena. Oregon— John L. Marsh, Fair
mount; James S. Leads, Hamilton. Wash
ington—Joseph G. Tuttle, Watefville;
William N. Meserve. Grays River; Chris
tian Engdal, Norman; Curtis R. Littell,
Claquato; Margaret Pontine, Pysht.
Granted.
and More New Pensions Are
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO. PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
TRIES TO WORK
THE UNIVERSITY
Covers \ will be laid for more than 350
guests and It will be near the dawn when
"Auld Lang Syne" marks the homeward
turning of the guests.' , '*
Next Monday - evening San Francisco
Lodge will hold a special meeting for the
purpose of voting on the names of 120 ap
plicants, who made application before the
first of the present month, when the ini
tiation fee was increased from $25 to $50.
Next week the lodge will have a "Field
night." The members will go in a body
to the California Theater to hear the
latest minstrelsy as presented by : Field
p-T|»5aHE annual. election for officers of
I San . Francisco' Lodge of the Pro
¦ II' tectlve and Benevolent Order 6f
H Elks was held last night and ' re
sulted .-as- follows: - Percy V.
Long, exalted ruler; J. N. Odell, esteemed
leading knight; J. S. Partridge, esteemed
loyal knight; H. McD. Cameron, esteemed
lecturing knight; Herman Kohn, secre
tary; George E. Hunt,, treasurer; John
Broder. tyler, and James P. Dunne, trus
tee. : ..I""..-." ; \ ,,¦ '
.District Deputy C. L. Ruggles of Stock
ton Lodge presided over the meeting. The
annual banquet of the lodge to its mem
bers will be given to-night In Golden Gate
Hall. The service will be in keeping with
the well-known reputation of the .order
for hospitality. . '. ¦ . . .¦ < .
Clinton admitted having stolen the
money. He will be . charged with grand
larceny.
SAN JOSE, March 28.— A daring rob
bery'was committed at the Wolfe drug
store on First street, near San Fernando,
last night by ' Josephr- Clinton, a young
man .who recently came here from Texas.
Clinton, who had been helped on numer
ous occasions by the' clerks of the place,
asked permission .to use the telcpnone,
which was next to the safe in the rear of
the store. While the clerk was in the
front of the place Clinton opened the safe
door, which was. not locked, and took a
box belonging to the Wolfe Drug.Com
pany, containing more than J100.
A 1 few minutes later the money was
missed, and '• Sheriff Langf ord • was noti
fied. That ¦ official and his deputies at
once started to look for Clinton. Early
this morning he was found in a saloon,
where he was rapidly spending the stolen
coin; He was partially under the influ
ence of liquor. When arrested he at
tempted .to . draw a revolver, but was
quickly overpowered. He had $0« in his
possession. .
Thief Is Captured While \ Spending
His Stolen Money Over a
Saloon Bar.
EOLDLY BOBS THE SAFE i
IN" SAN J OisE DB.UGSTOBE
Riddle and his attorneys and witnesses
at the trial to-day declared their belief
that Paulsen is not dead and that ho
feigned death and afterward made his
escape from the vault and that he is alive
to-day.
An Insurance company which ; carried
$6000 on Paulsen's life became suspicious
and had a local agent investigate the
death and he saw the body in the>vauit.
but stated that the face of Paulsen was
very lifelike. The insurance, however,
was paid and Mrs. Paulsen started for
Germany with what was supposed to be
the body of her husband, and is now liv
ing in some Inland province of that coun
try.
When the disclosures. were made by the
discoveries of Riddle, who was not a
party to the corruption, Roach made a
confession and implicated a number of
other people. Paulsen was forced to a
confession also and promised to make res
titution. He .went to his home' in Helena
for the purpose of securing the money,
ani> a few hours later ¦word was sent out
that he had died, that ruport being fol
lowed by, the statement that he had com
mitted suicide. The body was at once
placed in a receiving vault by his wife,
who had refused to admit any one to the
house to see the body.
By a scheme of bribery and Kraft it
had been charged that' Paulsen : obtained
from the contractors, J. A. Riddle, C. E.
Roach and Qharles Suiter, more than
$8000, for which he secured contracts . for
them, approved their accounts and made
large and excessive estimates of the work
done In their favor.
BUTTE, Mont., March 2S.— The startling
assertion was made in the District Court
to-day in connection with the trial of a
case growing out of the bribery and scan
dal over the building of the State educa
tional institutions for Montajia that John
C. Paulsen, the State Architect, who was
supposed to have committed suicide in
March, 1S97, is not dead; but is living at
the present time, somewhere In' Germany.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Vice President Julius Kruttschnitt
¦would neither affirm nor deny that the
successor at Los Arigeles to John A. Muir
is to have the title of assistant general
manager. He said that subject was now
under consideration and might be decided
at any time.
President Harriman asserted in most
positive terms to-day that the Oregon
tshort Line would be extended to Los An
geles. He declined to enter into details,
but this announcement is important, be
ing the first officially made on the subject.
Harriman says that his personal • rela
tions \mh Henry E. Huntington are mo&t
pleasant and he sees no reason why they
should nbt so continue. He called atten
tion to the fact that Huntington still is
vice president of the Southern Pacific
Company.
VUMA. Ariz., March 2S.— The tiarriman
special train, conveying the president of
tne Southern Padtic, Onion Pacific and
amliated lines, tied up at Gila Bend, 125
miles east of here, last night, and reached
this place at noon, continuing its journey
to Southern California at 12:tj p. m. The
trip west is being made leisurely and Los
Angeles. will not be reached before the
lirst of next week. Harnman is traveling
only by daylight. In order that he may
thoroughly inspect the property acquired
by him,
The Harriman special carries a total of
eighteen persons, the party consisting of
Air. Harriman, members of his family and
several friends; Julius Kruttschnitt, man
aging director and vice president of the
Southern Pacific Company, and J. C.
Stubbs, traffic director of the Harriman
system of railways. President Harriman
will remain in Southern California the
better part of the week and will then go
to San Francisco, where he will stay two
cr three weeks.
To-morrow the party will take a horse
back ride over Smiley Heights and other
points of interest. There is a rumor tKat
there may be an important meeting of
railroad men here In the morning.
REDLAXDS, March 2S.— A special "train
of seven cars, tearing President Harri
man and party, arrived in Redlands to
night. The tra?n was at once switched
on to a siding aad will remain over night.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i CHEYENNE; Wyo., March 28.-Acting
Governor Chatterton this afternoon sent
to A. T. Bueler, Prosecuting Attorney of.
Natrona County, the following telegram: ¦ -
•v "In : the brutal lynching ; of Woodward
the - fair;- name -of Wyoming has been
dragged in the' mire, the order of our
Supreme Court disregarded, the law
grossly violated. The reports . indicate
that no precautionary -.steps were taken
by the officers of , the law to prevent its
violation. , In the name of the law which
has been' violated and as the acting ex
ecutive of : the State I call upon you, the
county prosecutor, to institute and make
a" thorough investigation of* this crime,
with a view to the punishment of the
guilty parties." .
On the night of December '30, -15)01, they
sawed off the bars of their cells and a
window and got away. '- At the stock
yards east of town Charles Woodward se
cured a pistol which had , been placed
there by a friend. Near; Casper he stole
a horse and rode, to his ranch, reaching
the place . on the evening of January 2,
1902. 'Instead of finding-triends ready, to
assist him- he. founds Sheriff Ricker and
two- deputies 1 at'.' the..- .house, who were
lopking • for.- him. t . He .went-' to < the barnT
intending.. to abandon his horse. and steal
one -of the offlcers'. animals. It was about
7 - o'clock in ¦ the evening, and was quite
dark. ;He mounted one of the Sheriff's
horses and was ready to ride away when
the Sheriff j came out of the house, and,
approaching the barn, ordered him to sur
render. Woodward instantly shot- th3
Sheriff through the body, and the officer
fell ,to the ground, mortally ' wounded:.
Woodward then,' it. is said, went to the
dying man and. struck him on the -face
with his six-shooter.
Woodward,, with his wife. Bertha and
brother Clarence, was. arrested previously
on the charge of sfealing^, cunning and
provisions from a ranch.' It was alleged
that WoodwaTd's- ranch was the head
quarters of .a' band of ' cattle and horse
thieves. At the preliminary trial Bertha
Woodward was released from custody.
The brothers were held .to the District
Court, but " were unable to furnish bonds.
Appeal on the ScafEold.
Boys,^ left me pray. I want to pray for all of
you and • send a . message to my : biesaed little
wife. I- love her dearly and want you to tell
her that.. I pray that you will have the papers
• 1 pray for you, Charles Ricker," and for all of
you. , I > never had ¦ a grudge against Sheriff
Kicker, never in God's world, 1 never meant
;to shoot him. 'For Uod'a sake don't choke me
to death. Oh-r-r
Then: some .'.one gave ..-the condemned
man •¦: a push," forcing him on. the trap,
and the rope began to tighten. Wood
ward gave a leap before tne trap ¦ could
be sprung and led oft the gallows, hang
ing nlmself. Oneof the lynchers pinned
to, the dead man's clothing a card bearing
the following words: ' <
; 1 ' Process of the law Is a little alow.
So. this is the road you will have to bo.
" Murderers and .thieves beware. — Peoples
verdict.' . , -¦ ". -
-Early this morning. Sheriff Tubbs took
the body down ana removed it to the
City-Hail. '
The crime for which Charles Francis
Woodward paid with his life was com
mitted on the evening of January 20 last
at Woodward's ranch near Uartteld Peak,
in the Rattlesnake Mountains, seventy
five miles west of Casper, wnen he shot
to death and mutilated the. body of sheriff
William C Kicker of Natrona County.
'¦"":'. .- Killing of a SherifiE.
¦¦-¦¦' " r .-. -¦- •:». <
• ¦ CASPER, Wyol , ' March 2S.— Charles
Francis 'Woodward, the condemned mur
derer./of Sheriff: AV.'C Ricker of this
county, was. hanged in his night clothes
at * 1 : o'clock this' morning - by twenty-four
. masked ) and : armed \ men on, the scaffold
erected for this legal execution. ; The men
overpowered' Sheriff Tubbs, secured the
keys .'.and led .the condemned murderer
from ': his 'cell with as little ceremony as
possible. ' ¦ •.: '" . ...
At 1 o'clock there came a loud rap at
the Sheriff's door and twenty-four deter
mined men demanded the keys of the jail.
On refusing the demandr sheriff Tubbs
was ; immeuiately bound and the keys
were secured. After this there was no
resistance to the .lynchers. They soon
found the ; prisoner ¦ and led ;hlm. to the
scaffold erected in the jail yard on which
Woodward was to have been hanged.to
day but for the intervention of, a respite
granted : by the Supreme Court.* A rope
was. quickly fastened to a beam and a
noose placed .about Woodward's neck.'
While, this was going on Woodward talked
rapidly. His "woras were partly inco
herent, ! but this was gathered from his
talk: .-¦•¦. . '••' V . - :-¦; I'-'f-^ :'¦':''
Judge • Ogden was instructed by ihe
higher court to. deline ¦¦ these : dedicated
streets, but all he could find were the
three named. They were reserved by the
city in the ordinance conveying" the water
front to Horace Carpentier in 1852.
These findings, give the Water Front
Company all of the water front lands of
Oakland between high and low water, ex
tending from • tne arm of the estuary
leading, from. Laice Alerrltt to the north
ern boundary -of the city, excepting only
the extensions of three streets^-tiroaa
•\vay, Washington and Webster.
' In the original trial of the suit between
the city, ana the corporation Judge Ogden
decided that the lands vested in the city,
basing I his - decision on a statute of the
Federal-. Government,-, which forbids a
State alienating its navigable waters. The
State Supreme Court reversed this de
cision and gave the lands to the corpora
tion, with tne exception of lancis extend
ing into " the-- waters .< from dedicated
streets. ; . ' ¦ -
The : title to water front property -mat
has been in dispute for many years was
tietlnitely fixed. to-day- when Judge Ogden
tiled hi* findings in the famous litiga
tion between the City of Oakland and the
Oakland Water Front Company.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• 1118 Broadway, March 2S.
Sensational Statement Made
About a Supposed
Suicide.
Corporation Gets Everything
but Ends of Dedicated
Thoroughfares.
Slow Frocess of the Law
: Arouses the -Wrath of
' Lynchers.
Assurance^ ' Is Given That
Short Line Will Build ;•
to Los Angelea
Murderer Is
iHanged at Night by
Masked Men.
Former Montana Archi
tect ' Declared to Be"
Living.
Railway King's Special
Train Arrives at '
Redlands.
Judge Ogden' s Findings
Close Tide Land
/Litigation.
HARRIMAN NOW
IN CALIFORNIA
DEFINES TITLE
TO WATER FRONT
FEIGNS DEATH
TO ESCAPE LAW
MOB HASTENS
THE EXECUTION
Percy V. Long Is Elevated to the Position of Ex
alted Ruleij"AjinL!a! Banquet Is; Slated|fpriTq^
Night, When * Great Jollification Will Be Held
SAN FRANGISGO LODGE OF ELKS
ELECTS OFFICERS FOR THE YEAR
TTTE SATC FRAWITS(X) ;CAIJ^ SATURDM. MeCH .29. 1902.
3
la | often only a symptoa of dyspepsia.
In dyspepsia there is a loss of nutrition
which is felt by brain as well as bodv;
the , mind grows morbid .-as . the body
loses vigor.
>\ r^aj -cr- diseases of • the
tgwrn^- *j stomach and asso-
R|3fc38cJ«AjjSf»^ tion. It enables
AbSSJBmBI^^Sm and ; restores . men-
*!|§£yB9^t.SsPy tal cheerfulness as
' BnHlffl • <r For about two yean
3&s5r¥&V/*Sa l suffered from a very
- 'KSKmBullfjS obstinate case of dys-
. ¦¦' , B^fijBSSf J8|B8r Eastern Are.. Toronto,
ftSftsffSfiisMiH great number of reme-
••• • ¦ BSjm||SKn dies without success.
WRigjSgg^Sg gone that I conld not
yEggflBPlSga bear any solid food on
MtSSM BBW time; felt melancholy
kHIm EJrfif not * lce P P or foU ow
" ffllnR h9H' your '.Golden Medical
• B*Wl ' •' BBS - - weefc's "treatment I
W4 nil< * derived so- much
-NUv • (Hffwl* jj cS an d am convinced
TUfri .'- it: has in my case «e-
complished a permanent' enre." I can consden-
: tiously recommend it to the thousands of dys-.
•peptics throughout the land."
Accept no substitute for .« Golden Med-
ical i Discovery." There is nothing "just j
"as^good? for diseases of the stomach,
blood, • and v lungs. ¦¦' " !
;¦ Dr/Pierce's Pleasant Pellets stimulata
the livex.^^KB^^^nEggBB]
¦\ ¦ ' -
The most dangerous false friend is the
one that under the guise of friendship
day by day insinuates himself into your
good graces and takes advantage of the
association to do you harm; that is
exactly the position of coffee. It enters
your sanctum under the guise of a warm,
close friend and slowly day by day
works away at your destruction.
Why this should be no one can say. but
it 1* a fact nevertheless. Hundreds of
thousands are testifying of the terrible
Btraits that coffee drinking has kd them
into.
% In our clearer moments we know that
health, bounding, perfect health, brings
with it the poise of nerve and clearness
of mind that makes us kings instead of
elaves, and brings a heaven on earth
to us.
Through the very perversity O f man.
kind, showing the elements of a tanglb!e
demon, we persist in taking into mouth
and stomach the false friend even
after wo know it is working to throw us
out of the peaceful heaven of health,
ixnd set up within us that condition of
disease that the nerves show variously in
dyrpeppla, heart trouble, kidney trouble,
etc., etc. .
The patient physician who has for
years been explaining to different people
under his care the powerful effects of
cc-fTee on highly organized persons,
fii ally becomes a bit careless and feels
that he can only point out the facts ami
thai lft patients go their own path. Their
vtry por\-«rsity will make of them
Flavcs=. and they follow .the habit with
the blind, dogged fatalism that cannot be
t r.derstood. K3m
Coffee "soaks" them certain and Bure,
rnd when they are hit hard enough they
finally come around to I he point wh*»re
(hey are forced to give It up, then
Postum Food Coffee romes.as a relief in
fhe time of desperate trouble. It' requires
no effort to slip off coffee drinking for
well-made Postum. and the change in
health is something miraculous in many
cases.
Don't Blame the Doctor.
COFFEE PHILOSOPHY.
PAINE'S CEJLERY COMPOUND.
ABoy'sijfe Saved!
A Grateful Kother- -Writes Abjut
the Re:cue of Her Child.
Paine's Celery
Compound
.
Trinraphed After the Failure o?
Physicians.
Mrs. Tallman of 191 Redmond St., New
Brunswick, N. J., grateful for the rescue
of her little boy from suffering and death,
writes as follows:
"I have used Paine's Celery Compound
for our little boy. He had been under tho
doctor's care for five months, but did not
seem to get much better. The physician
said the child had spinal trouble. He Is
three years old and was obliged to creep
'on/ his >hands and knees and was too
weak to sit up long at a time. We bought
a bottle of Paine's Celery Compound, and
before it wa3 half gone we saw a bis
change In the boy. He Is now real fat
and strong, and can walk all around the
house, and has red, plump cheeks. Paine'*
Celery Compound cured him."
In the face of such testimony who can
deny ¦ the fact that. Paine's Celery Com-
pound restores to strength, vigor and new .
life? Hundreds of such letters as Mrs.
Tallman's are on file for the Inspection ot
doubters.
Wh"en your children are weak, run
down, nervous, fretful, despondent, have
loss of appetite, slow circulation of blood,
give them Paine's Celery Compound for
a week or two, and note well the cheering
results in returning health and vigor. W*
strongly urge the immediate use of the
great medicine for- all sickly and weak
boys and girls. ¦ _^.
niAMHUn nVC? True t0 name and color.
UlAmDNU UTt 5 Nothing can equal them
POSTUM CERRAJC
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Native Sons' Hall
414 MASON STREET,
Now on Exbibition t
Day and Evening.
Sales Evenings:
i>V Marcn29 and 31,
April 1 and 2, at 8 OXlock.
Afternoons of April 1st and 2d,
2O f Clock.
A. W. LOUDERBACK,
Auctioneer.
SOKOSSECSA AND 0BJ51BT DI3CH138X3
Jj9jnPf \*&9 « BV gJWgCQn
T&Zjl jff $$ [jl w^t^^T
..; A CURE IN '48 HOURS.
ABk CmCHKTSN 1 ! CNQUtH
AJUftSk ** CHICHESTEK^ KNOlSS
in & J"f»«" e*»^.tJt««*.« ..d Imit*.
I L hT tt<mfc 2«y£j»«rDnml«».«r»t«<l4«.l« "
5T, me<1 ' toT tionorrhoe* .
S, 1 ??'- SpormatorrhoB*,
f&jgSftn lttl 4»t»- U chirjM, or %ny Inflanun*-
gTSpt Qn»r»ote«l t* *¦ tlon, JrrltiUoQ or ulcerv-
*¦ -f -riTiti-i r-n. *L on ot » a con • m«Bi«
1KItheEm« Chfmim! Pn branM ' Non-mrtrliuent. '
TO^Cl»CIII!«»T!.0 4g»J OT , gent , n p , a)n
3«SHW u# ** ' >«ffil b T exprew, prepaid, for
I'-OO, or 3 bottle »2.7S.
~> '•^S^mKy^ m Circular •ant oa reqnett.
ft a- ,_ rr\. B - Km 1^8 B O^ jcJ
DIRECTORY
.OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues* and Price Lists Mailed;:
on Application.
iV..- COAL. COKE AND PIQ, IRON.
! f Vin * n °°° Battery Street.
J- t- WlLJUll tttJ- Telephone Mala 1S«V
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
14^ RnYF^J?fA Shi pplnic Butcher*. 10*
JA3»DUICjttWU Clay. Tel. Main ITS*.
. _ OILS. ~~" ~~~
LLBR1CATINO OtLS. LEONARD & KLIJ3.
413 Front St.. H. F. Phone Main 171a. ¦'¦
PklNlI.-iU.
FT rinfiHF? * pklvter.
C- Kf- nUunCj 511 Saiuonn »l. a. T.
~ PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE M1CKS-JWV CO.. ...... .
I ;-W Fint street. Saa Tn*&aom,
\ATRIO'OF WELL-KNOWN TROUt^FZSHBRMpmA^p' 'A|S v C^N&^QN^P^P us RIVER.
'.' The - Christian-"; missionaries J in Japan
.number 692.T:-;,: .¦.'¦.:"'." ,. ¦¦ -
TRJE»ITO"M. N. J.. March 2S.— Governor .^
Murphy to-day signed the United States Steslr*
Corporation . bill which .waa passed by : bota'.
houses of the Legislature yesterday.
COLUMBUS, if Ohio,-; • . March . - 28.-The
Brannock bill to prevent' trap .shooting
at" live birds "was parsed; to-day by'the
House -without < opposition. 7 * The. bill ' pro
vides for a' heavy penalty for violation of
the statute. . * * Atf mm»i^^mmaaB^fm
Ohio Bars Pigeon Shooting.
Property owners; on Seventh street .be
tween Folsom and Harrison streets cbm
plained to the Board of: Supervisors yes
terday that the block is. in a dangerous
and filthy condition. They request that
the Board of Works be instructed to rem
edy the existing conditions;. , ¦
Street \ Is in Dangerous Condition.
Secures Judgment -Agrainst Brother.
'¦ Ida . H. .Bourn^obtained 'a iudgmeht ; for
$i5,S12 13! against* ;.her r > brother,; ."Wililam
Bourn,; in- Judge Sloss* .court' yesterday.
She. ! brought : suit, to recover , 140,000, .', with
interest."^ on 2 a- promissory Jnote, executed
by, her , brother, in ;i894.".The note was given
by; Bourn for: an ; assignment • of her ¦ inter
est in the estate of her, mother, v --r, .
-v .¦¦•¦-"¦¦ ¦;.;• •¦.;., . .,.i,. .. .>. .. -,..•'¦ ' ¦•. i
Polo Match at Burlingame.
_; The, first, important .polp 'match '•' of: the
season i.wIH^he^played.Uo^morrow^after
noon at Burlirigame.. ; A team representing
Hurlinghamr-tne noted English-, club, will
meet four crack players of the Burlingame
Country-Club. ,-.:•-,'...• ,-.; ,..-,_,- ... . .«
' -A- special .train :,.wlU ; leave- Third- and
iTownsend. streets at-2 p., m. fop-the ac
commodation of : spectators from this • city
who jmay iiwish'j to. ;Witnessx the -exciting
game. ' The train will return immediately
after, the match. ..', '..'.. '.' •,-.-•«..
The : Electrical; Trimmers ; of tSan Fran
cisco vwlll give ;" a^bair^'at Odd ' Fellows'
HallY next ", Saturday evening.).. The affair
'promises >,to :>- eclipseV any ' previous '. enter
tainment--given .by the organization. Some"
of "the; interesting features- of the ball
will ; be, the = "twilight" r and" "electrical"
dances, which ,• are ;i beingi. carefully, ra
hearsed by those who intend taking part
in-them.: • * . \ " ' : •. ' . ¦
Electric Trimmers' Ball.
Special atake^ — Lost Chord. Cold Shivers,
Tralee Boy. Homer • Boy, A. J. Martin, Mer
rimac, Kenil, Rocker, Ruby Sankey. FTeew
Out./ Vfindal. Tame Tralee. Sacramento Boy.
America, Anchor.
¦ Open stake — Peolta. Promoto, Dathy. John
C. Heenaiu Black .Pearl, Harlean Gladys. Full
Moon. Little Jim, Hawkcs. Sir Pasha. Ray
Hcghle. Fly by Night. Btley Grannan. Bon
nie Hturhje. HaDhaxard,- Pleasant Girl, Gam
bit," Vulc«n, Clarice,- Snapper Garrison. Fan
n'.e Hurhle. LuTidin Links, Lilac, Royal
Archer. Santonin. October Lid. Gllmore. So
fala. Honesty, Onward.*' R?al Lassie. Fine Fire.
Four stakes will make up the card to
day and to-morrow at Union Coursing
Park. The open stake "will be completed
to-day. The special stake will ' be run
entirely to-morrow, with the. deciding
course of the puppy stake and the uncom
pleted rounds of the reserve stake. Tha
winner3 look to be: . - ; .
Puppy stake— "Uelfast. Daisy JCot, Erebus.
Wooocock Boy, Nancy Till, SUevenaught Lad,
Reckless Admirer. .¦ . .
Reserve stake — Delia M. Master Buck. Roy
allat, Comliiue.' My sjelecilon. Vera, Rich Ar-
Jiosy. . Master F.ly. - . - . . . .
Coursing at Union Park.
The meet last Saturday top'k place .on
the polo field of the Burlingame Country
club, and not at Fair Oaks,~as had'been
announced on the schedule. The excel
lent condition of the country, brought out
a field of eighteen, among whom were
Francis J. carolan, master of rtag
Hounds; J. J. Moore, John Lawson. Lieu
tenant Lopez,' Chades Wheeler,- Watter
S. Hobart, .JR..M. Tobin, J. "Downey Har
vey. W. J. Drybrough, Kenneth Wilson,
Mrs. Kenneth Wilson, E. D.'Beylard and
Duncan Hayne. The scent led from the
polo field through the former- CorWtt
liroperty, thence across the railroad track
into the grounds of the Kurllngame Coun
try Club. After a check the hounds were
laid on again, crossing the .Sharon estate
into the Clark property,, through the
Howard estate to Dlack Mountain, where
. hennds, horses and men enjoyed a second
check. Thence the pack led the way -to
i.*e lands of the Spring Valley Water
Works, the finish being near MHlbrac.
"During the run there. w«re»severai crop
per-?, J. J. Moore being dismounted at the
first ff-nce and R. M.-Tob,in- at' the sec
ond. Mrs. Kenneth Wilsan. .v/ho was on
Walter Hobart's gray horse Royalty,
came down, at the third fence, as. also
did Walter Hobart..One of the whip3 and
Jerry Keating also parted -company with
their mounts. The eceat was good," the
going excellent and the run a fast one.-
Besides the huntsman and .the whips, the
only riders who finished were. Francis J
Carolan, J. J. Moore, B. D. Beylard, J
Downey Harvey, Charles Wheeler, and
Jehu LawBon. . - ; , .: ..»-
The last March meet of the San Mateo
Hunt Club will take place to-day at "The
'Crossings," Burlingame, the, . home . of
Francis J. Carolan, master of: -the Hunt.
The hounds will be laid on at 3 p. m.
Hunt Club at "The Cr^ssways.'-
This afternoon on the Presidio golf links
there will be a handicap tournament, over
eighteen holes, medal play, for the Liver
pool silver medal. This is at present held
¦by-C.'B. Winslow, who won It on New
Year's day with a score of 92 less 8, net
£4. Next Saturday the home-and-home
match, over . thirty-six holefi," between,
teams representing the San Francisco- and
the Oakland golf clubs, will begin on the
links at Point Adafhs. The second half
of the match will be played on the Pre- .
sidio links on Saturday, April 12. The
scores of the two days' play will be reck-:
oned together, and if the result should be
favorable to the Presidio men the trophy
for this season's series of home-and-home
tournaments will be awarded to the'Sau
Francisco Golf. Club, which won the .first"
thirty-six-hole match. If the Oaklahders
should prove the • winners a deciding,
game, over eighteen holes, will be played ;
on neutral links.
On Monday, morulas. .beginning, at, 9:30
o'clock, there will be a driving and put
ting contest for the ladles of . the San
Francisco Golf Club. This is the* last
event set down on the schedule of the la
dies' annex. . . ' •
Last Tuesday afternoon the final round
of the competition for the Council's cup
for men took place on the Presidio links,
S. L. Abbot Jr. beating H. C. Golcher 2
up. The contest was exceedingly close,
the contestants being all square at the
seventeenth hole. S. L. Abbot Jr. took
the last two holes and won the matcn. :
An- open handicap tournament began
yesterday on the links of the Santa Cata
lina Golf Club and will be concluded to-
Oakland and San Francisco Clubs
Will Play the Second Home- -
and-Home Contest.
GOLFER ASBOT CAPTUKES
.;V; THE COUNCIL'S' CUP
The • Challenger -was under way last
Sunday,; cruising over from Sausalito to
Raccoon Straits, but; the wind being light
there, she sailed to the channel. There
the breeze was- strong" and. the boat
showed great speed and cMftness. • She
heels.: over., readily,' but when a certain
point is reached goes no farther. The
yachtsmen who have sailed Jn her say St
Is impossible to get*water into her cock
pit. ...-- ;¦¦;¦; •
: April 5, openlne day; April C, / opening
cruite in squadron; May 4, annual' dinner rac",
und*r. working sails; May 10 and 11, ' ladled'
da3 - » at Paradise Cove; May- 17 and IS, cruise
to ..Vallejo and return; May 24, cnilse to Cali
fornia. Cove; May 25, games and' return; Deco
ration day, annual class flag regatta; May ."I
and June 1,' cruise to Vallejo and return; June
7, cruise to' Sheep. Island; June 8, clam chow
der end return; June 21, etart on annual
cruise vz> Sacramento River; June 1!8, cruise
to Vallejo to meet yachts returning trom river'
cruise;. June 21>, return of flset;. Independence
day, annual racefor'the Wallace trophy; July
12, rendezvous at Sausallto; July 13, cruise 1
in the channel; July 10 and .0, cruise for* non
owners ;-' July 20. ' reception to visiting yachts-,
men; July 27, escort visiting yachts on home
ward cruise; : August 2, cruise to - MeNears
Landing: In company with the San Francisco
Yacht Club; August 3, games and return home;
August . 10, handicap race for the Vincent
cup; Aujrusf Hi, cruise to.. California. Cove;
August 17. annual clam bake; August ."10, ren
dezvous at Martinez; August .11, sail through
Montezuma Slouch and back to Vallejo: Sep
tember 1, return;. Eertember. (5 and 7, ladles'
cruise to Ix>ne Tree Cove, Angel Island; Sep
tember 3, annual regatta of the Pacilic Inter-
Club Yaeln Association; September 13.; crulFe
to Vallejo; September 14, race home in cruis
ing rig; September .27. cruise-to Vallejc; Sep
tember 2S. outside cruise In company with San
Francisco and Corinthian Yacht clubs; October
11 ' ana: 12, . cruise to Paradise . Cove -and . re-.
turn: October 25, . closing night; October 26,
¦closing cruise in squadron. " ..;'
« The Vincent Cud, to be presented by
. Robert Vincent, one of the owners of the
sloop Alert, is a new trophy andwlU'be
raced for under novel conditions. / All
boats entering for the cup will receive a
handicap based on the. results of the an
nual dinner race, the annual class- flug
regatta, and the Wallace. Trophy race/
which take place "earlier :. iri^the season.
The -time allowance to '¦ lie - .received <>r
given by each boat .will-' be- .calculated,
from the corrected times made in : the
previous races. The resulting->handicap3'
should produce a close and . interesting
race 1 . The owner of the winning boat
will carry off the, cup, but the. donor will
repeat his gift In the following year. -
The sloops Wawona, Queen,-".' Emilia,
Cupid and Juanita. and the arks.. Ua Pa
loma and La -Fiesta are- still In Tfburon
Lagoonrbut, with the exception 'i of. the
yacht Oueen, will come put. later *¦ The
Ban Francisco yachts Thetis*' and Royal,,
after coining out of the, lagoon last.Sun
day, were towed Aver to their moorings
at Sausallto by James Kitterman's launch
America; -SiBffllLflyWiOBlHKS*
debt and has a balance on hand.
Preparations for opening day are in ac
tive progress and a good programme has
been prepared for the jinks to be given
in the clubhouse on the night of Satur
day, April a. ;
The o^cial programme for the season
has been issued , and contains the follow^
ing events:
announced that the club is free from
AT THE last regular meeting the Cali
fornia Yacht Club elected seven new
•members. Treasurer E. N. -Walter
Kalph'Orthwein, the " wealthy: St. Louis
sportsman,- who. purchased .the
kennel of greyhounds, has : paid -up : the
fees, on his -eight "Futurity ; .candidates,
making them eligible for the rich; stake.
Ho will be represented - in: the '• Futurity;
the John Grace cup stake and in the : Cali
fornia Plate by crack dogs. - .
; Dr..F.- P. Clark of Stockton wiir breed
Maude Gold to 'Fine Fire, She is by
Itoyal Greentick-Bounding Belle. •
-George MacE. . Malcolm's Aeolue-.and
Matters Much -have left the hospital. It
\vill ; ;be Bome time"- before Aeolus will be
seen on the coursing. field.' • Matters-. Mucli
will be sent into the , country ; ; to -build:
up^befoi-e -'being placed, in training: In
future the Malcolm dogs wilL be handled
by- J.-.Ii,..Rosa. ; ; ¦.•-¦ ¦¦.'.¦.¦'¦¦ "¦ ¦' '¦'..'¦ •'¦¦"- >
Charles Ga3sagne, former manager' of
the Southern California Coursing Asso
ciation,: is in :the 'city. Coursing affairs
arc i in adisturbed condition in Los Ange
les.'; The i California's coursing," committee
recognizes thisare one of the. best coun
try ;i>arka < and' the ' members- regret ¦ there
is not • that j harmony, which -would uphold
the ; existing; park and .promote" the wel
fare of the sport. -r - '*¦''•
,Golden Russet waa one of the most con
sistent performers j In America, winning
several; champion; arid open stakes. ' She
has a cross of the Skyrocket- Lord Kever
settle-White, Lips strain,' something hot
available in Engiandat the., present time.'
She, will be mated with Fortuna Eavente,
own brother of Kabulo.us, : Fortune,
.the ¦' leading, sire inEiigland, during' the
past two 'years. His -progeny have cap
tured everything. .'.'.¦: . • • . v -
Mr. Delano 'has! the of turn
ing out the strongest and best looking
greyhounds of any breeder . in ; California
and the outcome of his present venture, it
can hardly be called an experiment, : will
be watched with interest: • . - . •¦
'At the present time in England the dogs
are-so inbred on Cantango. lines that it
has become absolutely, necessary to secure
a decided ' outcross : in order to ' produce a
great greyhound. Skyrocket has only one
strain of 'blood, v being clean bred
on old-fashioned English' lines. .. ' .
Although this seems, a simple transac-,
tion,' it may have a bearing, some years
hence.^on the English Waterloo, the} most
famous coursing stake in the world, : For
a long time Mr. Delano has been trying to
secure a greyhound through whose veins
courses the Skyrocket blood to mix with
tho best available., English -strain. .With
this cross he expects , to produce 'a grey
hound equal to anything in the world.
MC. DELANO of Rocklln, who is a
student -deeply learned in grcy
, hound breeding, purchased •. the
greyhound Golden Russet^ast Mon
day" from P. Jackson.' \
- .Mrs. Kineaid ; : won the; tournament for
theSGutte cup last week ,at Alameda an.l
will 1 play 'Mis3Emma!.Hunter, the holder.
Both ladies . are practicing hard for.the
coming match. - . Miss Hunter has already
.won> the .cup \ twice i' and .needs-. but i*. one
more victory. , V .,.-.... :,¦,..'..
;. John H. Wagner, one. of the best players
. of Australia, played" on Vthe i-cjub c courts
lastvweek." He was not used to the courts
and waa ouUof >practice,\-but showed he
Is a player, of .considerable skill.: ¦.¦.•-:.';
-- The; tournament' played ,¦• on -^the.' park
courts last Sunday, was the most success
ful held there, since ¦:• the courts .were laid
out.. ; Will Allen caused .the : surprise of
the ,¦ day- by 7 - winning ;the, first- olass. iHe
not only disposed of the park players, but
also beat H. W. Crowell, his clubmate,
In the final, k The ; latter had : beaten- Col
lier/ and' looked a ¦ sure .•winner, ibut' he
went down -before Allen: in straight: sets.
In- the second class- A. Melrose and George
Grecnoug:h;will play off. The winner will
meet'Allen in the final. ;i,-/< t? ••-.¦•?»'¦'.¦ ¦ - ' -
. A" newdub has recently been- organized
at* West End station, San. Rafael. ;>,The'
membership list is limited to thirty and
Is 'already -filled.' , The' club :has: two as
phaltum courts and a clubhouse furnished
with lockers and» showers.' 'Miss- Miriam
Hail,, ex-champion of the coast.' is the
best woman: player,; while R. Litchenburg
is the strongest of the men players. ~; The
officers are: -L.'Sheldon, president; M.
F." Corcoran, vice president; CC. Hansen,
secretary.; and itreasurer; • G. ¦ H. '. Hansen,"
M. • Duncan," R. <• Litchenburg, John Sims
and' Thomas : Lunny, • directors.-' • ¦¦ r V* ¦"¦
At Berkeley the doubles - team composed
of Baker and >' Hunt have.beeh practicing
together for. the last three weeks, and are
getting Into fine: form.'. The- college court
is as good., as there : . is ,'inthe .State
and is reserved > for the varsity players.
In singles the representatives of the col
lege • will probably, be Fred Brown and
Drummond-MacGavin.\ :;.•¦.- ;.:¦ •¦>.• ¦"•
5j Several preliminary tournaments have
been -held .at ' Stanford 'with, 'the '.'-result
that Weihe, Cleve' Baker, Frank Lieb and
the: winner of, the tournament' now in
progress will play off for places ,' on'? the
team.' The doubles • team will nrobably
consist of -.Wcihie and Baker, • "who ' -have
never played together and can hardly be
expected to accomplish . much in , . three
¦weeks. The. Stanford '.players' are' at ' a
great disadvantage, aa T there., is,, not a
court on the college gi'ounds fit, to play
on: Welhd is .playing, a : great game at
( oresent and;can be on .for one
rpoint, but the -other point in^ singles , will
.undoubtedly go'to Berkeley... •¦.-.-..- .
THE, most important' event in thfe ten
nis world is the annual intercollegiate
championship between the University
of California and Stanford. These
games, will be'played three weeks from to
day, on the California Club "courts, tri 1901
California' won air three matches and at
present it seems she will carry off : .; the
honors .again without much ; difflculty.
Stanford's mainstay is Harry Weihe and
his present intention is not, to take part.
Unless he c,an be, persuaded to enter, the
blue and gold- will win without an effort.
.: James McKenna, a well-known ; Ariel
oarsman who rowed in ¦ the' barge • crews
of 1897 -and. 1898, has 'written to -a friend
in this city telling him of his rowjng- ex
periences in Scotland, where he has been
for the past i two yeara. . He has tak«n
part in^ twenty-seven amateur .rowimr
events and has been a 1 winner twenty-five
times... ' ."-¦ ¦"•¦.• ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦¦''¦¦-•¦¦¦•.•..,¦¦¦
: The regatta committee of ' the. Dolphin
Boating Club met last Sunday at : the
boathouse and ] decided to await the regu-"
lar meeting in April 'before making defi
nite . arrangements tabout "; the coming
races. The committee will then ask the
club. for. another >gold medal to.be
awarded to the .winner of .the novice out
rigged pkiff race.'; Four crews will enter
the barge . races , for the-Rothkopf medala.-
As the I club has only ¦ two racing, barges,
it will be necessary to - have two . prelimi
nary heats and- a deciding race. •
* F.-W.'Ajcers and E. B., Thorning of the
Alameda .Boating Club have- entered: into
a contract .with. Al, Rogers, , the Alameda
beat-builder, for a single shell,: to ' be
ready In time, to be "used "at the cham
pionship regatta on Lake Merritt, July \
An enort.is being madeby .W.'B. Hlnch
man, president. of the Pacific. Association,
to get a barge crew of the Multnomah
Athletic Club of Portland ' to >. come down
to. the annual regatta here in 1903. .
At the regular meeting of the Alameda
Beat Club on- Tuesday night the following
new members were elected:' H. H.'Sher
wood, \V. A. Bissell, Joseph Kenso, Frank
E. Browning, F. W.Farrar and' Ed Hor
winski. Three , or four 'applications for
membership were also received. V r .
The South End crew which won the in
termediate bargs race at the annual re
gatta on Lake Merritt." last year, will be
in the senior class this" year. It consists
of James Pallas; bow; George .Bates/ No.
2; Arthur McDuffie, No. 3, and E. Scully,'
stroke. One ofthe most energetic mem
bers of the South End Club is Charles
Jenkins,. who goes out two or three time3
each - Sunday! ¦... '. '.•¦ ¦ .. . .-.-
At the last meeting of the South Ends
it was decided to hold a club. regatta on
the ;¦ first Sunday In May,, and, . afteir the
races, are over, to have an entertainment
in the boathouse. A new. member 'named
Metlimen went out with a barge crew last
Sunday and 'made ; good progress as an
oarsman. Emmet Cashman 1b practicing
regularly in L the outrigged . skiff .and . in
tends to enter the skiff- races in- the re
gattas of the season. • ; - . ¦ ¦ ,
The board of managers of the'Amateur
Athletic' Union has declared Robert Mc-
Arthur .of the South End. Rowirtg Club
a- professional, stating- that ¦ the Pacilic'
Association, : which reinstated .him .-some
time ago, had no power to- do .so,' and.
that- its action was consequently - void.
This is to be regretted, for, though. Mc-
Arthur had offended against, the amateur
rules, as an oarsman he has' always been
an amateur and has done excellent. work
in the South End: crews. .. ..'-.¦
¦ down to the boathouse. every-Sun
day. . Captain Scully is thinking j • about
having a paper four-oared shell that ha3
long been lying-in. the clubhouse -put into
order. It was formerly used by -. a-.pro
fessional, four of the South Ends. If the
boat can be rendered serviceable, a crew
will go into training to meet the , shell
crew of the University of " California.
SOUTH End .Rowing Club members
¦ are manifesting a good deal of
activity. The boats are in. excellent
condition and. many members go
The 'University' of California
-Seems to Have the Annual
Competition Already Won
Yachtsmen to Open Season
With Jinks in Clubhouse
on the Creek Next Week
a Greyhound' WHich Will
Beat; the; World's Fastest
M. C; Delano Hopes to Breed
Sporting Spaniel Produce plate, fcr- be?;
Frianiel bitch with two of her get, conforma
tion and quality cf puppies alone, to b<;-con
sidered; open to all spaniels . exceutlns toys.
The Lands Point challenge cup, lor the best
Et. Bernard owned by a member, of the La
dies' Kenne! Association. ¦ . '•
The Cairnsmuir challenge cap. presented by
G. M. Carnochan, for the best wire haired fox
terrier owned by a -member of the Ladie >
Kennel Association.
The entries for the show will close April
12 with L. A. .Klein, honorary manager,
at 13S Montgomery street.
Dolphin Rowing Men Plan
., Barge and Single Races
for the Coming Season
SOUTH END CLUB
IS QUITE ACTIVE
THE CHALLENGER
A STIFF CRAFT
WILL TRY TO WIN
WATERLOO CUP
COLLEGE PLAYERS
ON TENNIS COURTS
Run in Marin for Autos.
, A ' year or so ago ¦ the ¦ . North Pacific
Coast Railroad -permitted automobiles to
use the*, ferry r boats, to * Sausallto," but
later, the permission was withdrawn. Now
the owners of self-propelled carriages are
cut off from the . picturesque; roads of
Marin County, as neither, the North ; Pa
cific Coast Railroad nor' the California
Northwestern 7 will 'carry the vehicles.
F. A. Hyde of the Automobile
Club of California- t wishes to have a
run. to San Rafael, and It. is. likely a.
Steamer -will be chartered ' to convey, tha
automobiles to -. Tlburon. Thence the
chauffeurs will proceed over the new bou
levard to San Rafael, where luncheon
will; be served at Ihe Hotel" Rafael. The
¦return "Will be made to Sausallto " and
thence. to San Francisco.' .
, ; The first run ot the Automobile Club
through.: Golden Gate Park about -a week
ago" was "quite successful, about twenty !
vehicles. being in line. . The automobllL-ts
took the south drive to -the Ocean boule
vard, thence along the boulevafd past th*»
wrecked- schooner and. Ocean Beach
House; to InglesWe, where a short halt
was . made. - The chauffeurs returned^
home- by the same route. -;A few delays
and slight mishaps occurred, but • nothinc
of -serious moment: ¦ -• -¦-.'. - - v" .*,
ON Tuesday next the protecting hand
of the law will , be rai3cd and the
sportsmen . who enjoy the "calm,
quiet, innocent recreation of angling"
will try to lure from ' his dark
haunts under the tangled wild brush the
monarch of the brook.
For five months the trout in the public
waters of the State, have been jealously
protected and "allowed .tp^ipcreaje Jand
multiply. . From all available "information
the fishing' should be fully, as good as in
former years. -,.-',-
The' California State Fish Commission
has, made a. wide distribution of trout
.throughout the publje waters of the State
during the past year, A thus aiding nature
to replenish the streams which anglers
frequent.
There were two distributions, each of
.50,000 rainbow trout, in the Sacramento
•River, north of Delta. Lake Tahoe,
Leaf Lake and two small lakes
near by received 375,000 trout. They were
of the Loch Leven and German brown
trout species, which seem to thrive best in
these waters. They are a* great sporting
fish and are of fine flavor.' Donner Lake
received 75,000; the lakes about Cisco, 25,
000; independence Lake,. 25,000,. and Web
ber Lake, 25,000. '
.In addition to these the streams of Mon
terey,' Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, Marin,
Alameda, Napa and Sonoma all shared in
the distribution. . ¦
The near-by 'streams will be whipped by
the most ardent anglers next Tuesday,
but many will not be able to wet a. line
until next Saturday and Sunday.
Paper Mill Creek will attract the major
proportion of anglers on . Tuesday, as it
nas annually since John Butler, as a
beardless boy, romped about its banks.
This* tiny stream has yielded more trout
and afforded more sport than possibly
any stream of its size in the world. Its
resources seem exhaustles3, and just
whan it is pronounced fished out it takes
on a ¦ new lease of life and yields trout
enough to satisfy the men who line its
banks. - ,
On opening day, instead of using the
fly, the majority will fish with roe,
'shrimps and angleworms as bait. In May
the liynshlng.will he.- at its best.
i It invariably happens that the men who
go out on the opening day of the. season
are disappointed if they weigh their pleas
ure against" the actual number of fish they
catch. The streams are invariably high
and the waters have hardly cleared after
the winter freshets. The true angler,
however, -is always a philosopher, and a
day on a trout stream with genial com
panions is -sufficient recompense for his
trouble." /.¦'; , . -
• "Season Opens in. Monterey in Hay.
" In Monterey County, the season will, net
open until May. 1, under a" county . ordi
nance.; In Santa Cruz, County the limit
for one day's fishing is fifty trout. These
arc the only restrictions in fo*rce. near this
•city. '" ' ' " " '
The big streams of the Sierras, such as
the Truckee, American, : Yuba, Sacramen
to,'McCloud and Klamath, are not usually
considered^ favorable April waters. ...-
The North Pacific"- Coast Railroad will
run a special train for fishermen on Men
day. -It' will leave. here at 3:15 p. m. and
will 'run through , to Point Reyes. The
majority of the fishermen will return on
the regular train on Tuesday, leaving
Point Reyes at 4 p. m. .' ': ' : i^'iii
The officers of the California- North
western Railway! Company have encour
aging reports from the agents along their
iroad which taps a country through which
'a large number of -.- trout - streams flow.
Mark West Creek is. expected to bs good
at • the opening of the season -if tho
Louis Wyman, Mr. Mocker and Mr.
Richards will have their first try at: the
trout near Felton.
R. C. Brown caught two striped bass
near Baker's Beach on Sunday. He'sayi
he saw several seals throwing bass in th^
air near where he. was fishing. N
A big striped bass made . off' ¦ with
"Billy" Klttle's- line and outfit last Sun
day at Raccoon Straits.
•The steelhead season opens* with the
trout season. - -
Sam Keller. Dave Sachs. -Achille Rooa
and W. Ashland will fish' the Uualala for
steelheads. ....
Al Cumming will whip a favorite stream
on opening day. Later in the season he
will be heard from at^varjous points.
John K. Orr and George Jackson will
be among the Country Club m*n who will
fish on their preserve in Maria County.
John Siebe will fish on .the Tamalpaia
Club preserve. . ¦ . •
Fishing should be excellent at Boulder
Creek this ¦ year. The streams have been
better ¦ protected than ever before. The
late rains gave the trout a chance to grow
to larger size before high water came
and let the salmon in from the ocean.
They usually destroy a large quantity of
the small fish. The water is still' quite
high.
The fishing at Webber Lake should be
at its best about the middle of June.
Just after the ice breaks up. The fly
fishing on the Truckee should be ' good
on June 1, although it is generally be
lieved to be at Its best a month later.
Among the anglers who have signified
their intention of being present at the'
opening of the season on > Paper Mill
Creek are: T. Rothschild, F. • Stevens,
James Watt, W. A. Cooper. F. Walter
stein and wife, Frank Marcus, John But
ler, C. R. Kenniff, J. B. Kenniff, M. J.
Geary, T. Kierulff, L. V. Merle. Mr. Hal- •
stead. Mr. Brown, Horatio Terry, ' Bert
.Wyman and wife.- Dr.- Miel and son,
Frank Vernon and others.
Eos Gatos advices are to the effect that
excellent fishing can be had by the middle
of April in the mountain streams about
that locality. It is advised that fishermen
leave the train at Wright or Laurel and
fish down stream, as Los " Gatos Creek
has a number of feeders In that vicinity;
where trout may be found.
The McCloud River, one of the noblest
streams in the State, can hardly be fished
before April 15 this year, as it Is still
in the snow. -
McCloud Still in the Snow.
The trout from the State Hatchery are
all placed in the river from Gibson to
two miles north of Sims, making that lo
cality especially attractive to anglers.
For some reason, difficult to. understand,
few new anglers make their appearance,
on the river. Those who « do go there
have gone every season during the past
ten to twenty-five years.
weather continues clear. Trout' are aald
to be plentiful near Sevastopol, and also
In the vicinity of Geyservllle. ; ' „
Through the courtesy of James Hors
burgh Jr., general assistant passenger
agent of the Southern Pacific Company,
the following information is gleaned re
garding the trout streams reached by the
trains of that company:
At Boca and Truckee the prospects are
pronounced 'good for „ fishing * about the
middle ot. April. . The stnAmi* are -high
and muddy and there is car^ttlerable snow
oh the ground. Bait fishing will be good
as soon as the snow disappears.
From Sims comes word that' the
scarcity, of . snow on the mountains in
sures low water, thus favoring. good fish
ing at an early date. Fishing streams
tributary to this place. In addition to the
Sacramento River, are Mears. Hazel.
Flume and Shotgun Creeks. While the
flah from the creeks are smaller than
those in the river, they are more numer
ous and more readily caught. ¦
Nearby Streams Will Be Whipped April 1, Leaving
/ the Waters of the Glorious High Sierras for
Vacation Days in June Under Cloudless Skies
The IeliiJ challenge cup, presented by H. E.
Hollins, lor the beet collie belonging *° * men—
ber of the Ladles' Kenne! Association. ¦ .
The Harbor Hill challenge cup, pretenterj by
Clarence Hi Mackay. for the best painter br«i
and owned by a member of the Ladies' Ker.n.i
JHE advance guard of Eastern doj-fs
which will be benched at. the forth
coming exhibition of San Francisco
JCennel Club have commenced to ar
rive. ,. A brace of beagles and a bun
cos' reached here yesterday.
The former are from the kenne 1 . of
Harry Higginson, master of the Middle
sex Hunt of South Lincoln, Mas s. The
balance of the pack will come at the close
or the Boston show. Bethel, the bulldog,
is from Galesburg. IlL .
. A lot of dogs have been sent from this
city to the northern Bhova and more are
to follow within the next few days. When
they return they will be accompanied by
the pick of the northern kennels* and will
be shown in Los Angeles, Sacramento and
in other cities on the circuit of dog shows.
The Ladles' Kennel Association of Amer
ica, with headquarters in New York, has
come forward with a number of prizes.
Among those offered are the. following:
TROUT FISHERMEN ANTICIPATE
A SEASON OF RARE ENJOYMENT
Clarence H. Mackay Offers
Challenge Cup for Best
Pointer Owned by a Lady
Beagles Form, the Advance
Guard of Entries for the
Kennel Exhibition
EASTERN DOGS
ARE ARRIVING
FOR THE SHOW
THE SAN FBANGISGO CAXL| SATURDAY, MABOH 29, 1902.
ANGLERS ARE READY TO SEEK THE MONARCH OF THE BROOK.
4•; .'•¦•' j ¦ ' ' '. - ¦"-'¦'¦
HIGH SCHOOL ' ATHLETES AS
.'; THEY APPEARED IN COMPETI
' TION'AT BERKELEY.
It was not a day for favorites to shine,
rhe books handled t a deal of coin, but,
notwithstanding, the ' fact . 'that 1 four
choices - were bowled .' over, : most of ; the
pencllers suffered a disastrous Inning.
Lee Jackson had the 'honor' of ¦¦¦ placing
the first winner, over .the. plate. He
piloted . Free Lance, ' . the ¦ favorite, and
u f ter a tempestuous . voyage. . beat - Expe
dient, the second choice,. in 'a hard drive,
Satan, a 30 to 1 shot, finished third.- Cap-
accounts the assembled friends arid ad
mirers of the winner took about $5000 out
of the ring over the two-year-old's vie
iory. ... /. ..."...
A SCORE or more of 'colonists from
the Fresno raisin. belt made quite
a cleanup yesterday at Oakland
track. The visitors from the lower
country began unloading their coin
•on the Wrrnbcrg colt, W. J.; Dickey, to
¦win the two-year-old dash. ,'It proved
euch a hot thing that a miner from
Death Valley was compelled to. borrow
a bathing suit to escape suffocation.
From €0, the odds fell to 6. It "proved a
well directed plunge, as Dickey, with
Ranscb on his back, outgaxned and jeat
the favorite, Honlton, a neck. From all
LEXINGTON, Ky... March 28.— James
B.. Haggin* and- James" R, \Keene arrived
here to-day to : inspect c thclr stock farms.
This; Is Mr. Keene's first' '.visit to Castle
ton, his million-dollar 'breeding .".' plant.'
which he has operated through an agent
for, eight years. -It -Is. his first visit to the
blue " grass 'country. On arriving in 1 the
city he ¦ became ! ill ' and ) had . to . remain ln
his- hotel. •' His r physician cays -he^w.ll
probably -be 'able tof go' to Castleton ' to
morrow, -..where : he: will*- remain; several
days.r He-Is accompanied by. De'Courcey
Latter. Had Never Before Been in tho
Far-Famed Blue Grass
Begioni.
HAGGIN AND KEENE VISIT ,
THEIR KENTUCKY- ; FARMS
"Will . Make a ! New -Bid Whlchi Will
Be '¦Bettey Than Charles
ton's Offer. 1 i
' LOS ANGELES,, March 28.-The Cen
tury Athletic Club Is still. in thercontest
for the Jeffrles-Fltzsimmons fight' and
will -be ready with a new offer that will
raise the. bid:- of -:the - Charleston 'club'
What the new bid of. the .club will be Ure
promoters- are not -yet "ready"; to state.'
Thomas ;McCarey, ; president of tho club,
said:' ' -.- . , . ?l ¦ ¦,.
:-"The bid from Charleston doesn't bother
us a bit. .We don't believe. they can make
good. * "We have reason to believe their of
fer ' is ; not . bona-flde.. The original : bids
made. by the Century Club are all off, but
we!U . make ¦ a ¦ new' one.'" ¦ ' ; . ¦ ".-
OAKLAND, March :2S.— "What will we
do about 4hc; Charleston' offer?; -Nothing
Pay.. no: attention^. to ilt.'l-^That. is-- the
way Billy Delaney; mar,sger. for Jim Jef
fries,; disposed of the i New -. York dlapatch
announcing, that Fitzsimmons:had accept
ed the offer • made by. : the • Charleston 'club
and was.waitingto hear from Jeffries and
his 1 manager. 1 / '
LOS 'ANGELES STILL
OTJT. FOB THE FIGHT-
The rich - Pacific Union handicap, for
three-year olds Is the feature of the : card
to-day. Green , Norrls" - crack, colt Home
stead has .been assigned top ..weight— 125
pounds. ,-i .'.;•¦".. ¦-¦:.. • , .. •
Starter Dick Dwyer. leaves for Kansas
City this morning, accompanied . by Mrs.
Dwyer.: . .
The latest, accounts , from New Orleans
convince Barney Schrelber' that . hia ¦ ex
jockey, Felix Carr, has ¦ been . murdered. • '
It Is to be regretted that- John' McGurk
is not a possible starter In the Suburban
handicap at 103 -pounds. It would: give
Troxler • a' chanfcc to ride him.- ¦ . , ¦;
There Is a limit' to everything, but such
races as Ihe mlle'and a furlong selling
affair, won't 'do. ; The .officials at Oakland
the past. season have been inclined' to : be
lenient, but tljere Is a switch-off to every
thing. ; Every • bookmaker in; the -ring. It
has been noised about. 1 knew, that "some
thing was doing in the .race." •' Possibly
if the officials would rule off two or three
riders who imagine they are riding under
somebody's protection,^ it would have a
quieting effect on a' few- -of 'tho lesser
lights. '•-¦•¦••• .:'¦¦¦•¦". ' ; k -' - ; fr-T.-;^
Following are the entries:
First Race— One 'mile; .selling; ,thrW-year
olds ' and upward : .
3417 The Gaffer : ..*1C7 (.1426) P. -Archibald. lift
3467 Ned Denni«...lH(3f.09)Free Lance ...114
3127 Meadow Lark.llt .1420 Nilgrar ....;..llv
3268 BoD Palmer ..1071 3481 Irate ........100,
TTack Notes.
. .- , Selections:for
To-Day.
First Race^-Free Lance, Irate, Meadow Lark.
' Second Race^-High Chancellor, Sylvia Tal
bot; Arabo. - .. ;; '."•¦¦.
Third Race—Silver Fl2e, Limelight,' Inno
cencia. '* ¦, .," . .- ¦' .
Fourth. Race —The Glyer^TVaterscratch, Roy
alty; :• ; :. :-: ¦]; - -. . . ;•
? Fifth Race—The Pride, Prlncee*' Tltania,
John Peters'. ; •• :.•''-;• .-¦* :
Sixth Race—Ilowano,. Vasallo, Prestano,
WASHINGTON, March 28.— Commander-in-
Chlef Eli Torrence of the Grand Army lunched
with the President to-day. .
,, Sixth Race— Seven furlongs, . Belling; three
'year-olds: ' . • '- ¦ - ¦ ¦ ' ¦
3476 Pirate MaldV.10J5-| 3497 Vasallo ....'..107
3479 Prestano 107} 3487 Legal Maxim. 107
: 3490 Lento .'. . . . . ;*. .110) 3497 Dwlght Way.. 107
3497 Ilowano ...i.110- ...-• r ..
Fifth' Rs.ce— Six furlongs, selling; three-year
olds and upward : .'. \ .'.;
(3502)Hilee . . .'. . : . .100 .3177 Frank Bell , ..116
.3440 The Pride :r.lO8 3183 Milas ........ 0^
tr... Ellis Glenn .'.105 3499 Slap Dash ..103
(34f!2)Prln. Titania..in* 3488 Sly ...I ...110
3013 Glendennlng .100 (31ftl)Moabina ..:.'. 90
3498 John Peters ..97 2539 Intrepido ....103
Fourth Race— Mile and an eighth, the Pacific
Union handicap : three-year-olds :
(34SS)Waterscratch 107 H3-M7)Homestcad ...12.">
(350C)The Giver . ..107 I (3407)Royalty ..... 03
. Third -Race— 'Seven' furlong3, selling : three
year-olds a.nd upward : •
3400 Limelight .'.r.lOflfl 3215 Novia .......102
3145 St Rica ..:.101 ."WSfl Dawson ...... 00
3467 Silver Fizz -..100 3382 'S for ScandallO7
3485 Lief Prince ..10t 3505 Morengo .101
3371 Innocencia ..08 3485 El Pilar .....101
3382 The Hoodoo . .101 3035 Porous 105
Second Race — Four furlongs, purse; two-'
year-olds : ;
(3487)Arabo ... 113 3402 Secco .... 105
3492 Lizzie Rice.... 110 3410 H Chancellor. 113
.... Levant .......108 3492 Alsono 110
3492 Sylvia Talbot.115 *
Forbes. They are en route to New York
from Florida. Mr. . Haggin and his wife
came from New York to inspect his $350
000 mansion at Elmendorf, which- is al
most ready for .occupancy. .¦
WASHINGTON, March 2s.— Bennlngs sum
mary: . __ ,¦
First race, five and .a Half • furlongs-^-Eliza
beth Moan won, Cormorant second, Gwynne
third. . Time, 1:11.
- Second race, . half mtle— Blue Delft "won
Ufoa second, Mexlcana third. Time,. :52 s '
Third race, six furlongs— Early Eve won.
Red i Damsel second,- , Princess Otiile . third.
Time,' 1:18. - - ¦ . - '
" *'curth race, six furlongs, . purse $300 — Jus
tice won. Odds and Ends second. High Carni
val third. Time, 1:19 2-5.- •:
Fifth race, seven furlongs — Charlie Moore
won, Caithness second; LA C third " Time
1:31. " V ' •-:, , :
'i.' Sixth race, ' mile and' seventy yards— All
Saints' won,' Lou second, - Farrell . third.
Time, 1:52 1-5. ¦ >. . ..' .
•LITTLE ROCK. Ark., March 2S-— Summary:
. Kirst. race, , sellttlg,' six furlongs — Pillaruist
won, 'Ei-mack second, Joe Collins third. Time
1:20. -¦: „¦• - ¦".'.>. • .:;
Second race, selling, five and a half fur
longs—Braw'. Lnd won, Curd Glllock second.
Tennebelle third. ." Time, 1:12. .'c
Third race, selling, three quarters of a mile
— LadyCurzon won, CAgswell second, SalinJa
third. Time, 1:10. \ . : - .
.Fourth race, selling, six furlongs — Schwalbe
won,- Harry Wilson 'Second, Trio third. . Time,
1:18%. .. ¦;-. ."..;¦,. ,:¦. . : •.
." -Filth race, selling, seven furlongs — Censor
won,,' Ida Penzance • second, Pruewood third.
Time, 1:32/4 r.
' Sixth race, mile, selling — Algie M won, B. G.
Fo*- second. Pay -the . Fiddler ¦" third. Time.
1:40%.; '. ... ¦ '. . U '¦¦: : • /.-. ... . .. .'¦,>
BOSTON, March 28.— Joe Walcott has
been matched to fight "Fred Russell for a
decision before the Wabash Athletic Club,
Chicago, April 4. Walcott weighs only
140 pounds. Russell weighs 220 pound*
and 13 six feet ta!l. . ' • ... ¦
McGilvray, the catcher, leads the batting
list with a percentage of .418, with Lowen
thal, Crawford and Cowden In a group a
little below him. Of the regular players
.Copp leads in fielding average, but all
of the men are well up In percentage.
McFarland, '05, Is displaying the best
form in the box. but both Parker and
Fritch will give him a close race for tho
position. McGilvray is proving himself
a varsity, catcher and probably would
have beaten out Ball, last year's catcher
had the latter returned t6 college. Copp
has been moved In from center field to
third base and Brown, last year's third
baseman, has been shifted to Copp's po
sition. The latter la putting up a good
game on the I Infield and the change may
be a permanent one. Crawford and
Blake have shown improvement in field-
Ing the ball, the former's- throwing to
bases being a feature of the games during
the week. The varsity will practice twice
a day during next week's vacation and
Coach Swindells, hopes to- round them into
winning form by Saturday, when the first
intercollegiate game will be played.
Progress on the track, while slow 13
satisfactory to the trainer. It Is almost
impossible for Stanford to turn out a
winning track team this year, but "Dad"
Moulton thinks that two years' training
of some of the men now under his charxe
will bring out .several college champions.
Walcott to Fight Bussell.
220-yard dash— Won by Schwartz, L. H. S.,
Lang, C. S. M. A.; second; Coscrove, M. .11.
S., third. Time, :24 4-0.
One mile N run — Won by McNlcol, C. S. M. A.;
DeManiel, L.' H. S.. second; Morton, L. H. S..
third. Time, 4:58 3-5.
Rulay race — Won by Lowell, Mission second,
no third. Time. 3:34. ¦
! Pole vault— Won by Geary. P. H. S.; tie for
second between Lang and Magerstadt, both of
C. S. M. A. Height, 8 feet 0 Inches.
Broad Jump — Won by Magerstadt. C. S. M.
A.; Barkan, P. H. 8., second; no third. Dis
tance, 17 feet 11, Inches.
Twelve-pound shotput — Won by Bonnlfleld,
P. H. S.; Cavanaugh,' C. S.-M. A., second;
Pemberton,.M. H. S., third. Distance, 37 feet
lOV* inchej.
High ¦ Jump — Won by : Magerstadt, " C. S. M.
A.; Adams, L. H. S., second; Cavanaugh, C
S. M. A., third. Height. 5 feet 2% Inches.
Himmer throw — Won by Bonnlfield, P» H. s>.;
Relay race — '04" team, Holman, Crossman,
Taylor and Watson, first: "03 team, .second;
'05' team, third. ¦ Time, 3:37 2-5. • .<
Two-mile run-^— Burton; '04,' first; McLaugh
lln; '02, second; Gundrum,' '03, third. Time,
11:10. . . .
Hammer throw — Van Sickle, .'05, first; Craw
ford. ' 05, • second; Finney, '05, third. Dis
tance, 10C feet 4" inch. ¦ •• ' ,
Shot put-7-Hyde. "04. first; Crawford, '05,
second; Hawley, 'C5. third. Distance, 40 feet 3
inches. ' . • , ',
High Jump — Henley, '04, -and Bell, "05," tied;
Palmer. '03. and Dehy,.'oa, tied for.. third.
Height, 5 feet 9 M; inches.
'•* Broad Jump — Xaramore, : '03, • first; Bell, '03,
second; Lyons, '03, third. • Distance; 20 feet
4% Inches. ' : ¦. ¦ ¦ ...
. Pole vault— Bell, '05, first; Whltaker. .'04,
second; Naramore, '03, third. ' Height, ' 9 feet
0 inches. tt£^»»»£"ft£^fi3^a9?<s
Half-mile run— Thompson, -'03. -first; Chad
bourue,. '02, -second;- Swinnerton, : '04, third.
Time. 2:03 4-5. . ,
Mile run — Holman. '04. first: Davis, 'C3, sec
ond; Gay, '03. third. Time, 5:04. . : j
. { 120- yard ; hurdles— Kuhn. "03, first ; Nara
more, '03, second. No time taken. .•
200-yard hurdles — Taylor, '04, first; Kuhn;
'03;: second; Naramore, '03, third. Time,
:26 2-5. • . . .
¦ ¦ 220-yard dash-^Hamilton, '04, first ;>HawIey,
'03, second; T: McCaughern, '05, third. Time,
:23. . . , : . .-- - A ¦.-..'
Quarter-mile run — Smith, !0.1. first;' Dunn, '04,
second: Fowler, '04, third. Time, :51 2-5.
Olympic Nine to Meet Berkeley.
The university of California baseball
nine will play a match game this after
noon at Recreation Park,' Ftgrhth and
Harrison streets, the Olympic Club men
being the opposing team. . The. game will
be called at 3 o'clock. .-..-'-..¦.
Quietly touted to gather in the conclud
ing mile selling run, Captain Galnes did
not disappoint his friends. Ten • to . • 1
around post time, the Captain headed San
Venado in the stretch, reaching the .wire
an easy -winner 1:40%. Cougar disposed
of ¦ San. Venado for place, honors.
\To Ransch's poor ride can be attributed
the defeat of Horton In the mile and fur
long selling event. Instead ' of utilizing
his mount's speed when no pace was be
ing set, he got -pocketed and was downed
at the wire in slow time by Artllla.
Striking the stretch first, Commissioner
Forster gave it up, taking show honors.
'Under the careful handling of "Curly"
Shields, Beau Ormonde is rapidly taking
s place among the upper grade sprinters.
The chestnut horse was almost • over
looked in the rush to back Headwater to
win- the fifth number, and won cleverly.
With 110 pounds .up, he made all the. run
ning, ana perfectly ridden by Troxler,
downed the first choice - less than a
length, covering the six furlongs inl:13%.
Sea Queen ran third. . ; .
THE San Francisco high schools held
their first semi-annual field day yes
terday on the University- of Califor
nia cinder path, Berkeley. Lowell
won easily over its competitors. No
records were broken, although the day
was Ideal for fast time. The performance
of E>e Maniel of Lowell in the two-mile
and mile races was' creditable. He won
the former handily and was beaten by a
small , margin . in the latter with a fresh
man as his' opponent. ; .* • j ..
The final scores were as follows: Lowell
High School, G8; California School of Me
chanical- Arts, 35; Polytechnic High
School, 22; Mission High School. 15. The
result of the events follows:
&0-yard dash — Won by • Mlddleton. li. II. S. ;
Ad.ims, P. H. S.. second: Button, C. S. M. A-,
third. Time, :C5 4-6..
a Two-mile run — Won by DeAIanlel, I* II. S.;
lbson, L. H. S.. second; Egrgers, P. H. S.,
third. Time, 11:45.
¦ 880-yard run — Won by Montgomery, L. II.
8.; tie for second between Tatum, L. H. .S.,
and Laumeister, M. H. S. (points divided).
Time, 2:13 3-5. . .
' ¦ 100-yard dash — Won by Mlddleton, L.' H. S. ;
Schwartz,- L. H. S., second; Slebenhauer, L.
H. S., third. Time, :10 3-3.
120-yard hurdle — Won by Hamilton, L. H. S.;
LaumelBter. M. H. S., eecond; no -third. Time,
:21 3-5.
440-yard dash — Won by Lang, C. S. M. ¦ A. ;
Montgomery. L. H. S., second; Morse, L. faj
S.. third. Time. :56 3-3.
•220-yard hurdle— Won by Hamilton, I* 11. S. •
Haber, U. H. S.. se»ond; Lamont, M. H. S.,
third. Time, :31 3-3.
tivate for a time showed speed and then
faded away.
Lass of Langdon, played from 7 to 5 to
3 to 5, spreadeagled her Held In" the five
and a half furlong sprint. Ransch soon
had the fast tllly out in the lead, and she
passed the judges,' easing up, six lengths
before Axminster, a 10 to 1 shot. Yrsula
van a close third.
Ti?E O-A.LIL.'S R,-A.OnSTG- FORM CHART
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
The Union Gun Club will promote a big
bluerock shooting tournament, open to all
gunmen, to-morrow at Ingleslde grounds.
The shooting will commence at 10 a. m.
and continue throughout. the day. There
are six events on the card, including one
at ten pairs of double birds.
Bluerock Tournament.
heaver.
Bane, at- second, and Lawlor, center
fielder for the professionals, showed up
particularly well. I Of the three pitchers
used by the San Francisco team Whalen
was the most difficult for the cardinal
batters to find, although all did well. Tne
summary: •'.•""
SAN FRANCISCOS. ' " -
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Kordyke. lb 4 4 2 7 X '• 0
Bone, 2b ¦. 4 0 2 6 S:'l
Lawlor. c. t ......... 4 1 1 3 0 «
McHale. I. f 4 1 0 3 0 0
Holly, b. c 4 2 114 1
Shusart, 3b 4 3 1 2.0 0
Leahy, c ..4 1 13 0 0
Delmas, r. 1 4 2 2 1- 0 .0
Kane, p 2 0 10 0 0
Whalen, p 2 0-0 110
Meredith, p 1 0 0 0-0 0
Totals 37 14 11 27 8 2
STANFORDS.
AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
Brown, c f 3 0 0 2 0 2
Crawford, c. 8 4 0 0 2 5 1
Cowden, 2b 4 0 1 3 T 2
McGilvray. c 4 0 12 3 0
Lowenthal, 1.. 1 3 2 1 0 0 T O
Knight, r. t * 0 1 0 0 0
Copp. 3b 3 1112 1
Blake, lb 4 0 1 14 O 3
Fritch. p •.. 3 0.10 1.0
Totals 32 3 7 24 18 9
RUNS- BY INNINGS.
San Franclscos...l 3 3 2 112 1 • — 14
¦Stanforde 0 2 O 0 00 0 1 0 — 3
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Cowden, McGllvray, Lowen
thal, Lawlor, Shugart <2).' Delmas. Sacrifice
. hits— Shupart, Bone. Lawlor, Leahy. Home
run — Leahy. Three-base hits — Nordyke 2.
Struck out — By Fritch 2, by Whalen L by Mer
edith Li Bases on balls — Oft Kane 3, off Fritch
4. Hit by pitcher — McHale, Lowenthal, Fritch.
Passed balls — Leahy 1, McGllvray 1. Double
plays — Holly to Bone to Nordyke; Whalen to
Bone to Nordyke. Umpire — Edwards. Scorer —
.-Batfagh. Time of game— 2:10. -:'•
¦ Morgenstern contended that the petition
was sufficiently explicit. Both attorneys,
after a' lengthy argument, consented to
the submission of the suit onbrle.V. ¦
Judge Seawell told the attorneys that in
War opinion the principal question ¦ to b*
decided was whether the granting of a
boxing permit by the board was a Judi
cial or a legislative act. If It is legisla
tive he said It cannot be stayed by pro
hibition.
, Asher, who demurred to the complaint
on the ground that it did not state suffi
cient cause for action, in his argument
In support of the demurrer contended that
the action of the Eonrd of Supervisors
should be set forth In detail, and said that
unless such details were incorporated in
the complaint the action should be dis
missed.
Brltt has been offered inducements to
meet Rube Turner, the colored boxer
from Stockton, but as Brltt .announced
before he entered the profess'finJU ranks
that he would draw the color line during
his entire Tins career, it fs not likely h«
wil change his determination.
"Negotiations are : pen^ing ] wtth Kid
Broad and it Is possible he can be Induced
to meet Brltt. The. latter can weigh 130
pounds without " impairing' his strength
and speed. Jf the club does notarrangs
a match for Brttt within the next few
days the officials will abandon the idea
of giving Jimmy a -chance to increase his
reputation during the month of April and
substitute another good match Instead.
The aDpllcatioh of the National? Ath
letic Club for a writ of prohibition re
straining the Board- of- Supervisors from
granting, the Yosemite Athletic Club a
permit to hold a boxing- exhibition next
month was heard before Judge Seawell
yesterday. The Supervisors were repre
sented by Attorney Hugo K. Asher and
Alfred Morgenstern appeared for the !¦»!*¦•
tlonal Athletic Club.
The managers of both boxers have had
a talk and a match between them is as
good as made. Everything depends* upon
the condition of Lnvigne's arm. Should
the pair meet, the fight-going public will
probably witness one of the greatest bat
tles between- lightweights that ever took
place in this city.
If Britt Is not matched to fight next
month he will probably accept a flatter
ing theatrical engagement that has been
offered him 'during the month of. April.
There Is considerable talk of a 'fight be
tween Brltt and Kid Lavigne for May.
Lavlgme's arm is rapidly growing strongei
and by that time he will probably be auis
to meet Britt.
Brltt is doing light training every day,
and should the Yosemite Club be sucess
ful in getting a top-notcher at the last
moment Brltt will be In condition to take
him on.
THE managers of Yoseinite Athletic
Club have .thus far been unsuccessful
in securing the services of a suitable
opponent to meet Jimmy Brltt. First
UcGovern was offered the match, but ho
declined. on account of a theatrical en.
Easement. Then "Willie Fitzgerald, the
crack. Eastern man.^was suggested, but
the .weight . question made the match im
possible. "When the managers of the club
began making the wires hot with dis
patches to Dave Sullivan it was thought
they had finally hit upon a good match.
But Sullivan could not be Induced to
come out here and fry conclusions with
the hard-hitting ex-amateur.
BERKELEY,' March' 28.— Work among
the University .of California .track
athletes has been- light 'during tho
past, five days Rowing'; to. the' final
preparations for the general, tryout,
whic^i wilKbe held" Saturday: The men
have been coming out but once a day,
and have gradually lessened the amount,
of practice taken until to-day' they exet
clsed merely enough to keep their muscles
limber for the coming contests.
/Work will, pick up again after to-mor
row's -events. 'Then the nien will settle 7
'down to practice for the one meet they
have. on this coast— that with Stanford on
April 19. 'After that date the Eastern
track team will be picked.
The men have' been showing up weliTe
cently • and • are In good condit-on. The
two. star athletes, .flaw and Cadogan,
may not be in' the meet to-morrow, al
though both are entered. As their places
on the. team are assured .they may not be
put to the strain of a contest at tnls time,
particularly , as Plaw has been training
unusually hard and Cadogan has a leg
which he. strained 'Some time ago and
which heeds careful attention. Both men
are well up. in their Work, and with the
care they get from Trainer Christie there
is no ¦ reason why they should not be in
splendid condition 'fpr the intercollegiate
contests." ' • : *';*-'
": The: races : to-morrow : will be run off ac
cording to the. new schedule of order of
events adopted for the intercollegiate field
day, and. /which' will be effective for the
first time this year." The field events will
remain the same. 'According to the new
rule the number of track events shall be
thirteen. Their order, which is as fol
lows, differes from. the old rule:
One-mile' run, '. 100-yard heats; 120- yard hur
dle heats, 100-yard final, lao-yard hurdle final,
440- yard run, two-mile run, 220-yard hurdle
heats; 220-yard dash heats, half-mile run. 220
yard hurdle final, 220-yard dash' final, one-mile
relay race. • ; "'-.-- • '. . ' ¦
-: In' the ; mile' run .to-morrow Redewill
looks like first • man, vwith . Woods a pos-t
slble second." If -Cadogan runs in the 100
and 220 yard dashes he will, of course,
carry off these events. Second place will
be closely contested! by Brown and Aba
dle« The latter has. been gaining ln speed
and between .- him . and/ Brown- there will
be but smalt distance, when the tape is
reached " in ' either .'event; « The winner of
the hurdles will .be,. Pqwefr or .Cheek. In
*he Service has been leading
the squad and first place (a conceded to
.him. Cheek may run. and if so stands a
good chance for second, otherwise it will
fall either to . LJgda or Howard. Tlb
betts.'the sophomore', who made, two miles
in 10:39 at." the ¦ freshman-sophomore field
day. of last week. Is a. man of 'remarkable
nerve and is expected -to .distance the
bunch of runners again. Westdahl Is a
good second. 'In the half-mile. Service will
lead with Edwards a probable second.
»'. Should Plaw enter the Held day he will
take "first in both weights, s Goombs and
Brigga will contest CiOseiy. for second in
.•the- shot-put' and" Hartllne and Lynch ln
the hammer-throw. Powell will probably
defeat Cooley In the high jump and Hus
sey.should win out in the broad. The en
tries for to-morrow's meet are as follows:
¦' : 6n'e' ' inile^-Graves, "04; H. ' H. Minor.' '04;
Woods, .'04; Stadder. '04; Stanley, '03; Slbley,
/•03; Garrison, *03; Dobbins, '06; Weymouth,
'(XI; Ciough, '03; Sawyer. "02; Redewill '02-
Carter, '02; Mowbray. '04. . ......
IOC-yard dash — Cadogan, "03; Townsend, "03;
Brown; '03; Abadle. ¦ 'Ot; H. . S. Minor. '04:
JCruschke. 'C4; Annear, '05;-Hussey, '02: C
Parker. '02. ; .-.¦?_-.,
" , 120-yard hurdles — Powell, '02: Cheek. '04;
Hannlgan, "04 ; l . Houghton, '03; Hartley, '05.
410-yard run— Kuster. '00;. Brainard, *02 -
Service. '02; Brown, 'l«; Llgda. '04; Johnstone."
"04; Annear, '05; Howard, \ '05; rSmllie,- '05-
Whitman, '05; Hartley. '05;' Parker, '00; Schil
ling. '05- < . .
- " Two-mile run — Stanley, '03; Weymouth, '03-
Tlbbetts, '04;' H. H. Minor. '04;- Stolder, '04;
Dobbins, '05; - Westdahl, '05; Sawyer, '02- Sib
ley.-'O:!; Woods, '-04. r .. iy .',•-.'
•. 220-yard -hu'rdlss— Powell, "02; Cheek '02-
Hannlgan. '04; Kruschke. '04; . Hartley, '05
- 220-yard dash — Cadogan. N 03; .Townsend, 'OS*
Brown, i'O3; Abadle. -'04; Llgda,""04;'John
stone, '04; Annear, "05; Whitman, '05.
¦ S80-yard run •— Service, '02; Woods! '04-
Graves. '04; Edwards, '05; Smille, '05; Kuster'
'00; Robertson, '03. .: ,¦ ;
Hammer throw — Plaw. '02;- Albertson *0°"
Hartllne. .'04; Lynch. '05. v '
High, jump — Powell, "02; Cooley' '04; Cheek
'04; Kruschke. '04; Brtggs. '05; Stout, '05
Shot put — Plaw, '02; Llgda, Fauti '04-
Hartllne, "04; Kelsey, '05; Briggs, '05; Coombs'
'C5. ; -
Pole -toult — Wllcox, '04; Symmes, '04- Chlnu
'05: GeRry, '05. .
Broad Jump — Hussey. ' '02; Metcalf '04-
Minor, '04; Neighbor, 1 '05 -
The University of California nine has
been playing steady ball recently, makinf
the pi'ospects for the season encouraging
Batting Is still rather weak, but this Is
improving under constant practice. Over
all is doing .remarkably well- In the box
and in every game has' a long ll«t of
strike-outs to his credit. Hatch is catch-
Ing ln good shape "behind the bat. The
first intercollegiate game will be played
April 5. ' , •. . _:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 28 —
The weather during the week has been
ideal for athletic training. The mer are
fill in good condition and entering into
training with fine spirit.. Trainer "Dad"
Moulton Is particularly pleased with the
behavior of the men under his charge and
the eagerness wittt which they are accept
ing the plans of training; •
. The baseball team -is fast rounding Into
form; progress during the week being par
ticularly noticeable. - In the game with
the Olympics the varsity showed their
ability with the "stick" by batting. Llch
tenberg at will. The fielding in that game
was also above the average. At present
.'Joe Regan and Ote Anspn fanned the
air for four rounds. It was a windmill
tight. Regan was given the decision for
aggressive work. .
Jack Cordell knocked out Al Pickett in
the third round of their contest.
Tody Everett landed a stiff left oh Joe
Carter'* Jaw v in the first round and trre
latter Hook a trip to dreamland,
i The contest between Al Young and Tom
McGreal was a gory one. Young was
given the trophy, but a draw would have
been satisfactory.
The contest between Jack Dunn and
Paul Boiler was a .fitting _ finish of the
night's entertainment. Dunn was as wild
as an untamed steer. He rushed Bolier
at the opening of the round and knocked
him to his knees. But for the referee's
interference he would have struck Bolier
while he was down. The latter regained
his > feet and in a terrific mix-up Dunn
stepped ' into a bucket of water. ' In a'
moment the ring: was tilled with . water
and' bottles. Bolier slipped to- the, floor
and stayed there. Dunn lost his head
completely and wanted to fight every one.
Sergeant Jack Connors entered the ring
to quiet the excited coal-heaver and the
tyro landed on the officer's star. "Medals"
Gallagher challenged the - victorious coal-
¦ "Monte" Attel and Joe Carroll went the
limit at top speed "arid" In the .end the
judges were unable to agree on a winner.
Referee <Jreggalns. called it a draw, but
changed his decision to "no contest," as
the rules of the Amateur Athletic Asso
ciation demand a . decision." Attel was
entitled to a decision as he clearly had
the better of the ' contest. . •. >
'was presented and "the . immensss
crowd enjoyed every minute of the- gpliig.
Knockouts ' enlivened the proceedings.' ' ¦ j
Henry Sheehan mkde* a punchlng.bag
of George KolL The bout lasted four
rounds and Sheehan landed at wllL" He
was ' elven *the decision. ;
THE gymnasium of the, San Francisco
Athletic Club was crowded .to over
flowing last evening.' A boxing en
tertainment of unusual, excellence
Errors were plentiful and the mer. were
not up to their best form at the bat.
Fritch and McGllvray, the varsity, bat
tery, put up a good game, ' although the
iatter was responsible for two runs
through a. wild throw to second base.
STAXPORD UNIVERSITY, March 28.
—The San Francisco baseball team
of the California League defeated
the varsity team ln a one-sided jjame
JY this afternoon by the score of 14 to 3.
The Stanford men made their first ap
pearance in their new suits, -which seemed
to have a bad Influence on their playing.
Noted: Boxers in the East
- Sidestep the Vigorous
i .Young Californian Athlete
Jack Dunn, a ¦•VCoal^Hbayer,.
Wants to Whip Every
body, the Police Included
> > . — . _ , .t . . • •
Berkeley "Sprinters- Will:
¦^Be Tried Out in. Compe
; ;tition To-Day on; the Path
Uncle Henry Tries Out His
Entire Staff of Pitchers,
All Proving Effective Men
Make Nearly af Many ; Points: as the^
the First Semi-Annualj Fieid^
Records^ Are; ' Broken, but Credit^ Are Shown
Defeats the Stanford Nine
Handily on the Palo Alto
Diamond in Nine Innings
at the Exhibition of San
Francisco Athletic. Club
Exciting Bouts Witnessed
jntercolleglate M eetin g
University Men ' Rounding
vlnto Condition for the
If the Saginaw Kid's Arm
Mends" Rapidly They Will
Be Matched Early in May
LOWELL HIGH SCHOOL 'S YOUNG: ATHLETES
WIN MANY HONORS ON THE CINDER PATH.
AMATEURS FIGHT
FOR GLORY AND
SOME TROPHIES
BRITT MAY MEET
GEORGE LAVIGNE
IN SPECIAL BOUT
SAN FRANCISCO
BASEBALL TEAM
IS VICTORIOUS
ATHLETES TRAIN
FOR ENGAGEMENTS
ON THE TRACK
COLLEGE ATHLETES TRAINING FOR IMPORTANT MEETINGS
— TKEr SANi ;FB AO^ei^ 19 9?-
I ' STANFORD UNIVERSITX'' March 28.
;¦ In';, the annual interclass.. field:, day 'this
'j, morning the, sophpmores were.. the victors
¦ by. a .narrow* margin."; The score stood:
/ Sophomores, .47 45 ; .freshmen . 27.'
•.and seniors 6. .The meet was, exceedingly
interesting : from, the ispectator's polnt'of ;
; vfew and good records w«re made ln sev
.- eral "events., ;.The most exciting race of
.the "morning ;.was the quarter-mile run,
¦ which "Pie" 'Smith,: : 03, won \u :5l 2-5,
lowering the college record." Arthur
Henley, 'M,\ the- crack Jumper and pole
'¦ vaulter, seriously Injured his left anklo ln
" the , high ' Jump ' and ' was unable to . com-
his other two v events. ... Henley's
.Injury wlll-.keep him oft the " track for
some time, but -he •will, probably be in
shape for the Intercollegiate field -, day.
.Bell, '05, .and. Henley had -both cleared :
?«..'.ifeet-9*4 Uiches when the.latter,was In- :
jured- and Bell declined? to Jump off- the
'tie. "Both men are expected to win points,
-'in this event in. the meet with California.
: The .'results follow:
' 100- yard ¦ dash—^-Hamilton,* '04, first; Hawley,
* '03, ¦> second ; T. ' McCaughern, ' 05, third. .• Time,
L :10 2-6.' ; - ¦ ;• •¦ - i ••.-¦- ;,:•;• - • ; -'- -¦¦.;
Cavanaugh'.'C. S.'M.-a!, second; Tretlen, M. II.
S.. third. ¦Distance,. 90 feet 4; Inches.
SOPHOMORES WIN ; FIELD DAY.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Friday, Ma rch ' 28.— Weather fine. ! _Track fast .,
35OO. -FIRST RACE — One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325. '^. '.*'*¦'¦"' v
Index Horse. Age. Weight. J St. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Opt" "ci".
%l} E re * J-* nc «. »• - • -1<«1 « CHOI J % 1 n \V. H. Ketcheman. Jcksn "ITli Ti
J4SX Expedient. S ....101 * 8 1 7h SI 2 6 P. E. Smith Ransch 3 9-2
3*»2 I"*?-*- 101 l 2 >4 3 h 2 V, 3 »4 Mrs. Balrd....Fauntleroy 30 2S
5*^1 gas**"*. 5 . 101 7 4% 43 4 % 4 1 H. *L. Haskell..Winslette 10 15
349, Forest King. 3.. 86 S 5 1 6 2 «1 5 14 S. J. Jones .Dupan 20 0i»
3475 Har. Thatcher, 5.107 4 On 9 1^82 « % XV Johnson S-e 7 10 •
::475 Windward. 6 109 11 11 11 »2 7 1 Hennetsy & Co Feary 6 4
.T493 Captivate. 4 100 5 3 2 2 11*7 1 83 P. Hlldreth L Daly ,5 7
J414 B. BohmanPon. 4.102 2 1 1>4 1 2 9 >i 95 Klunder & Burns.F.tuart 12 SO
3480 Royal Prize, a... 101 10 7 1 8 3 10 10 4 G. Pacheco Gannon "30 2S
3340 IThe Elk. 4 97 8 10 2 10 >4 11 11 E. Landsberg. .Goodyear CO 10)
34S5 jXewsgatherer. a.. 1011 ' |C. P. Fink .Sheehan| _20 30
Time— *<;. :24%; y,. :49"4; %. 1:18V: mile. 1:41%. Good start except Windward. Won flrat '
three drl\-lng. Winner. TV*. II. Ketcheman's ch. h. by Cavalier-Lady Alice. Winner best
Was badly cut off at head of stretch. Satan came like hot Btuff at the end. See oti
Harry Thatcher did his usual stunt. Windward got a great going over. Captivate re
tired. Uohmanson quit. 'Ran away.
351O. SECON'D RACE — Four furlongs; maiden two-year-olds; to first. $325.
Index JHorse and Weight. St. l' t . %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey" 6^? Wll cV.
$%l 5'* w- Dlcke 5 r -"J« 3 ... In In In L. A. Blaslnffame.Ransh CO fl .
i' """in JJO » •»• 2 2U 2 3 2 4 W. O'B. Macd'gh.Mathw 7-5 3-2
*Ji* S^™ 1 - 1 JJg* * ••• 3^4 3 3 3 5 E. J. Baldwin.. Bozeman 7-2 0-2
3*82 The .Forum 113 0 ... !% 4« *H Elmwood Farm..Vlck<=ry 7 15
.3492 Gold Van 113 1 ... 5 H 5 % 5 1 G. B. Morris. .. .Jackson (i 7
3**2 Si 1 * 11^ 10 5' 2 ••• 6^ ° 4 6 6 A - B Spreckels..Troxtpr 10 15 ¦
3169 Prtnc* Eugene.. ..113 8 ... 4>471 7% M. Allman L. Daly 15 30
34(31 Fire Dance 110 7 ... 8 1 8 3 8 4 Paplnta Conley 10 <;0
...... Sablnal 11310 . 9 4 9 3 9 3 G. W. Scott... Winslette 50 2C0
• ••• J. T. S 113| 9 f.. 10 10 lQ E. Gaineg ..See 7 ' 30
Time— M. :24%: »4. :48%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner. L. A. Blaslngame's
ch. c. by Wernberg-LaureL Ransch on winner outrode Matthews. Escarola badly han
dled. The Forum away poorly. Gold Van will do shortly. Scratched— Prestolus 105, Hora
f 3511. THIRD RACE — Five and a half furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; to first, $325.
Index JHors* and Weight. St. %. ' Si. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ; (^"'"ci.
34CS Lass of Langdon.107 3 12 15 16 1 6 ¦ C. Lind T. Jackson ¦ 4 K <T\
3473 Axmlnstcr 112 11 73 2 n 2 1 2 1% W. D. Randall.. .Flick ft io '
:«173)Yrsula 109 « 5n 5 1 3 "4 3 % J. C. Nealon Conley 4 4
. 3491 Jennie Hughes... .107 5 4 % 6 1 5 1 42 R.Hughes Howon 15 10
3408 iCathello 107 4 8 % 8 H C 2 53' 1 L L. Clayton.. Winslette 15 in
3431 Blackthorn 112|» 9% 7H 81 6% Burns & Watrhs Ransch 5 ' 15
3113 San Lutlon 10912 3n 4 !4 4 « 72 James Wilson .... See 10 30
3431 Myriad Dancer 10»|10 10 2 91 94 84 Paplnta ... Troxler nn «n
3272 ISatchel 107 8 11 10 10 9 1 B. Schrelber '.'.Bozeman 10 1?
3491 IFlltting ...107 1 2 h 3 h 7*4 10 J. D Lucas. .FauntjSwy 12 20
8107 |Slr Tom Tlddler..ll2| 7 6 1 * M. j. Daly... . 1 T^y _30__20
Time— *4. :24\4; %, :49«4; 5*4f. 1:O8V4. Good sUrt. Won easily. Second e^ily Third
dri\lng. Winner. C. Llnd's b. f. by St. Carlo-Countess Langdon. Winner pounds the best
! Flick on Axmlnster did a lot of rough riding. Jennie Hughes with better luck would have
been second. Cathello showed Improvement. San Lutlon quit. Sir Tom Tiddler stumbled
and nearly fell. 'Pulled up. ,¦ . *""" ru
3512. FOURTH RACE— Mile and an eighth; gelling; three-year-olds and tip; to first. .S325.
IsaexJHcnM. Age. Weight. ISt. K. \j. Str. Fin. Owner 'and Jockey.
W3484) Artilla. B. 10311 4 4 3 % 1 1% C. W. Carroll Stuart *~ 3 id
<3471> Horton. C ...108 3 2 n 3 *; 4 2 1% J. McOovern.... Ranseh 4-5 7 in
<34«n) Com. Forster. 3.. 98! 4 3 2 2 n In 3 % J. F. Schorr. L Dalv 1 S
34CS IPJcador. 4 104 2 12 11% 2 1 4" T. H. Savins " ! Jackson t 11
3494 1 Diderot, 4 103|,Left ... J. P. Atkln...Faunt|eroy if I5
Time— "4, :2C«4: %. :52%; %. 1:16%: mile, 1:44%: l%m, 1:56. Poor start w™ .00.1
Becond and third driving. Winner. C. W. Carroirs br. m. by ArtillerV- Duchess of C ? y '
Of Tower s
rt,~13. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325. '. ¦ • • ' ~~~~"
Infles [Horse, Age. Weight St. %. %. str. Fin. Owner L and - Jockey. (S!" 1 "".
f3457)lneau Ormonde. 4.. 110 4 11%12 12 1% W. Macdonough.TroxIer " 2 11 k
3502 IHeadwatw. « 107 1 3 1% 2 1% 2 % 2 % Jones & Co.jfMatthews 7 5 Am
vata !sea Queen, 6 105 22142 3 2 31 John A. L»wis. ./.StuaTt • » 92
34<..{ j February, a 1MB 5 5 4 1% 4 5 J. S. Gibson.... Howson 10 \l
34W> iPuckoy. B .112 3 4 1% 3 n 5 5 G.B.Morris.... Jackson "• \n '
Time— H,':24«4: -%.;:49: %. 1:13%. Good start.; Won all out. Second and third driving
Winner. W. O'B. Macdonough't. ch. h. by Ormonde-Ml«8 Brummell. Winner In matMti!"
could no^grt^^^
3514. SIXTH RACE— One mile; eelling; three-year-olds and" upTtoflm, "$32^°"°^ ~^--<-
IndexjHorge. Age. Wclght.(St. '-j. %. Str. Kin. | Owner and : Jockey.
¦343« K'apt. Galnes. 5.'. 105 4. 2n 22 2% 14 w Matthew* \r«»>.>» "• 1 "
TAV\ ICoirar. 4. ...... .lOSU 5 1 3 2 3 1 >J 2 n El'mwood £Z™ "jirt,. «, 8 10
S479 ISsn Venado. a ....10R| fill 1*1% 1 ¦/• J ? T Recto? ¦ Ponu" - 8 ;' «•«
:UP4 UohT, McGurk. 4..106I 7 7 1 7 4 5 3* 414 H E. Roweli"'' Troxilr
3400 !EI Mldo. 6 11112 4%. 4. fa- 4 1 5 1 J. S. Campbell" LDafv i 7 'i
:i4US iTufts, 3 93! » 9 ft 71 00 cj W. ChappelT Wlnsiet 'in I
-1475 Billy Lj-ons, 4.. ..1071 3 84 8 28%7n j. B. Bartano A kZut In Ji '¦
V.X'Mt 'Matilda O. 4 051 1 « 1 « Vt « h SI h. C Anlers • Butlir - ?? 40
349C IDecoy. 5 .100| 5 :- 9 % 5 h 9 0 _J£orge Miner! \ '.'.naVJch " g 4 ?
Tim*— ¦« . :?:•: 14. :4r»%: %. 1:15; mile. 1 : 40%. Gocd start. Won easily *Kp7o^ a^ >v7~!i
driving. Winner. W. G. Matth-ws' b. h. by Deceiver- Eugenie. eapTaln^Galnes l^i'J!^
full re»rnl!a and was seen at his b-wt. Cougar receded In the bnting • Troxler'« P % ? ln
# . John MrGtirk was * St. Patrick's eve dream. El Mldo seesawed Kv ex, ?*, T
Scratched— Invlctua 07. Einstein 101. - ZT 1 ' Decoy e «Plod»d.
5
Happy Childhood Knows What's Best
Medicine that a child dislikes, will not do it much good.- Sensible
parents will give the little darlings medicine that tastes good and
does good, and don't grip or gripe; the kind they like themselves.
'. • _^e.M«jjtfy **»«^ • "I h»Te never ussd any remedy that h»» been »•
food »» Ca«caret». Have tn keep them htddeu from
x n»r little boy. a» he entm them like candy."
JSSB^. V • • —Mrs. Kobl. G. Fa7, Goes, Ohio.
MS&B&L Pg^-a^'C' . >. «A >-I » h »» 1*1,° r ,. be - wi t hont Casrareta. My children
• MStXSFAS^S^frk. \W ¦'• •Iwayadollchted when I »iv- them a portion ot »
' p'^VinmUo'me?" m ° re - Th * y haT ° * Permanen »
• y§ittr ' ¦, —.Mrs. John Tlasel, Michigan City, lnd.
v|$L| -jT j|j]j* *»»* C»scaret» in our family and they are th«
f£lli§g* r-_Jb •C.J'**' — Mrs. James Greenwood, Menaiha. Wl».
¦ H8BHfllj»* r 3H ' -s V^fc, \1 "I »l-<» p »y» keep C«»c»reta la th« house for the child-
lHHrai^' / |*4.,>. " --Wf-ir ten aa well as myseU."
\JmsSr -r* •^^•Ky nrJaJx ¦ ~ Mrs# Ch "" Koot> ec Lor * la st - cleTelan( '- °-
JSAvaisL Jm jSi^jBk F&ttaJ% " ToT months I have n*ed Cascarets, and my little
¦HMlSP!wwB<*^ii<y* ' BStvXrtt ones require nrrothej 1 medicine."
PJH W?-,. JW • -Mrs. G. II. Hammond. 683-mh St., Minneapolit.
-\^*^ / * JWm^t "* r3ly up ?. n Cascareta entirely ia lookius after
/^KSSS^fiK^KsSSfc-g^y^/ I S * > ->>^ , . .— Mr». Ellen Durwell, 1312 Division St.. St. Loui*.
SC^. /~T\ N . "Mr l'«le boy three year* old was troubled with
* . y— *~*\ bleeains piles. We began to give him Canearet*
\ -^4^^ . / ' >* , V • And before he had talcon one box. he was sound anil
J I <S&ST»?L?C!/\\ " JIr H"l« danghter complained of not fe-lln;- well
- \ ity^tPr V«3- \l »nd bezan to'vomlt ond became very »!ck. A half
. - • >^ ' J^ . V^P^l fVr- I Caseare* tablet was given her and In lens than half
- ' ¦ ;^k ' '.^T \ ''I 74 ' r \ *n'ho-ir «he «o« up as well aa ever. CascareU ar«
\SV *^ \ --\ I / I a household necensity."
. \t**Vi. (-' -'¦¦ ' '¦¦*"¦ Thos.' L. Most, P. M.. Tranton, Pa.
*iy . / » IlSr 1 "My little rlrl was treatlr troubled with worms.
W \' . J| N -J b*»* after riv+ng h«r a 2ic box of Caacarets, she U
I I entirely yell." • •
I ¦ - ¦ oau. —ilrs. John P.Bller. S Sadler St., Gloucester. Mas*.
\ Medicine forced on'the little ones loses half its power. .Nasty,
sickening medicine is an injustice to ;the dear little innocents who
can't protect themselves, makes them peevish and afraid of the dose.
AVhcn.a childjhates themedicine/it will not be .effective: Children
.like.Gascarets Candy Cathartic, ask for -them and arc kept healthy
} always and easily against the damages. of childhood's ailments. *¦•'¦''
V55Ci. >»^t» : Best for the Bowels. Alt druggists, ioc, 55c, 50c. Never sold ia bat*.
gCXLlArillTl PttLl The genuine tablet stamped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or you*
V^T^^y money back. Sample «nd booklet free. Acidreis
Sterling Remedy Company, Chicago or New York. xuSATURDAY ? .MARCH 29, 1902
JOHN D. SPPECKELSJProptje^or^^
litrtti AD CesBcnicttleai to W. 8. LEAKE, Vutgtr.
MAXAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Prew 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, 8. P.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 SterenioB St.
Telephone Press 202.
' Delivered hy Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weelc' _
•' ¦ Single Copies, S Cents. |
Terms by Mall, Including: Postage t
DA1LT CALL (including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALX, (including Sunday). 6 months. 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday).*^ months. 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month. ....'....... 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year 1-50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year :...;.;..• 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to. receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRKSS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE... ......1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KUOGXESS.
Xtfitgtr Fereirn Adrertltlag. Kirfnettt Bnildia*. Chins*. "
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2618.") ' '
. .. ¦ NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH........ 3O Tribune Building
/ V . CHICAGO NEWS ' STANDS :
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House;. Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIKGTOJf (D. C.) OFFICE 14OG G St., N. W.
BOBTON E. CRANE:, Correspondent.
.: . . NEW YORK NEWS, STANDS: .
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31. Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.
BRANCH OFFICES^527 Montgomeryrcorner of Clay, open
; until 9:30 o'clock.' 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. ¦ <VJ2
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. C15 Larkln, open until
0:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
A' dock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m. ,
Lady Downshlre was for several seasons one of the reigning beauties of Lon
don society. She was a daughter of the Hon. Hugh Hare, younger brother of
the Earl of Lis towel. She married the Marquis of Downshlre in 1893 and has
two sons and one daughter. Lord Downshire is only 31 years of age, having
been born in 1871. He has seen service in South Africa. The family estates
cover about 120,000 acres. The Marquis Is a nephew of Lord Arthur Hill, who .
was controller of Queen Victoria's household for a long period of years. The
London advices intimate that the husband is the aggrieved party and will start
the divorce proceedings.
¦ ¦:-; ".¦"¦ : :."'•/• -;.:'-¦ \ ! ¦ • ." - ¦• . : '
ADVICES from London state that there Is no longer any. chance of a
happy.. termination of the matrimonial differences between the Marquis
and Marchioness of Downshlre, although every effort has been made to
bring abouC-an amicable arrangement. When the rank and position of
the parties concerned are considered. It may well be imagined that the
affair will create no little sensation In London society, and Indeed throughout
England. '¦: • . : ¦ - "
The present ' Marquis of DownsKlre Is the sixth -of the title, the -creation
dating from 1789,' while the family traces Its. descent back to Sir Moyses Hill, who
went to Ireland with the Earl of. Essex when Queen Elizabeth, sent her favorite
to suppress the O'Neil rebellion. In 1573. The first Marquis . was the Viscount
Fairford and Earl of Hillsborough. who was one of the leaders of the British
administration which had to bear the unpopularity of the American Revolution-*
ary war, having been appointed Colonial Secretary In 1779.
NEWS COMES FROM, LONDON THAT THE BEAUTIFUL MARCHION
ESS 'OF.i)OWNSHIRE, WHOSE PORTRAIT IS PRESENTED ABOVE.
, IS TO (BE . MADE THE DEFENDANT IN DIVORCE SUIT.
Grovcr Cleveland is now 66'years old, but judging
from- the interest he is 'taking in the reorganization
of the Democratic party he seems -to deem - himself
still in the ring and able to fight Bryan to a finish.
A loafer who received a punishment of thirty day**
imprisonment the other, day for insulting three
women on the street made an excuse that he mistook
hi* victims for friends. His plea should have justified
an accusation of criminal libel against him.
Under the reform administration of Mayor Low
the city is asked to appropriate $5,464,611 60 for, street
cleaning,. and some of .the more economical reform
ers are urging the Mayor to throw off the 60 cents.
An observant visitor to Porto Rico has returned to
his home in; Boston and says we have improved- the
island commercially, but are filling the people full of
American vices, and he predicts the colony will. event
ually be "a disgrace to the. United States. It is, hardly
necessary to say the observer is not a merchant and
has no goods to sell. ; ¦/,"''.
This harmony of Europe with respect to. us is not
so important by any means as the harmony with re
spect to v China. Hence there has been a great dif
ference in the method of manifesting it. When the
issue arose among the diplomats at Washington as
to which had been our best friend during the Span
ish war, the various Governments contented them
selves with making semi-official statements and dis-^
closures of notes and comments passing among them
on the subject; but in dealing with the Chinese
problem they have been much more solemn, elabor
ate and emphatic. They have formed among, them- •
selves treaties having no other object than that of
preserving China. Britain has allied herself with
Japan, Russia. has allied herself with France,' Ger
many has long, been in alliance with Austria, ami \
Italy, and all these alliances arc but so many formal ¦
UPON two subjects at least the nations of Eu
rope are unanimous— all are friendly to the .
United States and all have the kindest re
gard for the interests of China. Not a single diplo
mat or demagogue in all Europe disputes the validity
of the Monroe doctrine in this hemisphere, or the
advisability of maintaining the open deer and an un
divided China in the other hemisphere! So complete
is the concord on the subject that the Governments
of the nations have no other rivalry just now
than that of seeing which can be mpst profuse^ and
most convincing in assurances of friendship to Uncle
Sam and to John Chinaman. ¦/
, A UNANIMOUS EUROPE. •
The blunders committed in the Jameson raid and
the aggressions that led up to the war are now so ap
parent to the world that Rhodes dies a discredited
leader, and will probably receive less than his due
share of commendation. His larger plans were not
essentially false, nor foolish. He contributed liber
erally to the fund raised to help Parnell make the
fight for home rule in Ireland, and stated that he did
so because the success of that fight would "tend to
bring about within the empire a system of local self
government and imperial federation which he be
lieved to be essential to the maintenance of the vast
empire he hoped to see accomplished. Such ideas
give evidence of the broadness of his mind, and at
test the fact that he did not aim at a vulgar domina
tion over unwilling peoples. Had he been possessed of
patience he might have, accomplished some such fed
eration in South Africa, but he knew that the incur
able disease that had been working in him from his
j-outh was wearing Jiim away, and he sought to force
events to a swift conclusion. The result of his mad
ness is a tragedy that appalls civilization.
The dream of a united South Africa as a part of the
British empire, with a railway from the Cape to
Cairo, seems to be hopelessly shattered, but it may'
be attained in the future under different auspices, and
the descendants of both Boer and Briton may yet pay
reverential visits to the lonely tomb' on the distant
mountain where the body of the great dreamer lies'
and do homage to him as the father of the idea of a
great South African federation. {""<; ,;; .j- V ;
erroneous. He certainly had larger schemes for the
advancement of Britain, and worked more resolutely
to carry them out than any other Briton of his gen
eration. On the other hand, .the methods he em
ployed to carry out his plans were distinctly those of
an unscrupulous stock jobber and a reckless buc
caneer. The war in South Africa was precipitated
r.ot because Rhodes desired possession of the Trans
vaal gojd mines, but because the two Boer republics
stood in the way of his continental ambitions; but
the fact remains that the tactics by which he pre
cipitated it were identically those which would have
been resorted to had he no higher aim than that of
lobbing the Transvaal of its treasure.
Judgment upon him will of course differ according
to the degree of sympathy or antagonism which the
critic of his life has for his aim. A considerable
number of his countrymen deemed him the greatest
Englishman of his time. There are others who look
upon him as hardly better than a stock gambler and a
filibuster. Neither of those opinions is wholly
Rhodes was of the type of men who love power
more than anything else in the world. He sought
money solely for the use he could make of it in
politics and statecraft. He appears to have had no
liking for luxury of any kind, ostentatious or artis
tic. His household was simple and his mode of life
almost abstemious. He built up and carried on vast
commercial enterprises, but his imperial plans and
hopes were so much grander that he is never ranked
in the public mind with the great financiers or in
dustrial magnates of the time, but with men like Clive
and Hastings, whose thoughts and energies helped
to build up the mighty fabric of the far-reaching em
pire of Great Britain.
BY the death of Cecil Rhodes a master spirit
departs from the earth. He aimed to be an
empire builder, but it remains to be seen
whether his aim is to be attained. Certainly it has
not been attained by him. He dies leaving his work
incomplete and in such confusion that it rriay never
be completed. Of that he himself was well aware,
and the reports of those who attended his sickbed
tell us that during the long days of his illness he
continually sorrowed over the fact that he left so
much unaccomplished, "So little done, so much to
do," was an expression repeatedly upon his lips. ,
, CECIL RHODES.
While the chief hope of the Democrats is thus
based upon the possibility of Republican blunders,
the main dread is in Bryan. Were the Republicans
to make.forty blunders, and the Democrats to adopt
live issues and sound policies, and then Bryan were
to. whirl, in. and call upon the silver men to bolt, what
would become of the : sound policy men?
As a ru|e the Republican party commits few blun
ders; but it is not to be denied there is danger now.
The fight for reciprocity treaties constitutes, a
menace to the strong position the party has hitherto
occupied on the tariff question. The possibility of
delay in enacting the shipping bill and the Nicaragua
canal" bill' is also something of a cloud on the imme
diate prospects of the party. The . situation, 'there
fore, is by no means secure, and it is certainly worth
while for Republican leaders to take heed of what
they do or leave undone. .
Upon every living issue of the d,ay the Republican
party has the strongest position it is possible for a
political party to take. It stands for^sound money,
Chinese restriction, protection . to American indus
try, the promotion of American commerce, the
prompt construction of an isthmian canal, banking
and currency reform on sound > principles and. the
proper administration of the affairs of our colonial
possessions. So long as the party stands firmly for
these policies its hold upon the masses of the Ameri
can people cannot be ; shaken.' Democracy, then,
has no hope except in' some blunder oh the part of
the Republican leaders. Nothing but folly at Wash
ington can afford any reasonable hope to the Demo
cratic,leaders of carrying the country this fall.
Live issues and sound policies are desired o.f every
party, and it is only once in a generation that a po
litical organization gets so completely knocked out
in a contest before the people that it remains vir
tually stagnant for six years, lying dazed and half
dead, as it were, while the world goes on to new
things. That fate Democracy suffered under Bryan,
but it cannot remain Bryanizcd forever, and conse
quently we may reasonably expect, it to have eyes to
see live issues this year. It is not clear, however, that
the mere restoration to a sense of living things is
going to be sufficient to enable, it ..Jo win. To carry
a. majority of the House of Representatives the
Democrats will need not merely- 'live issues and
sound policies, but policies so much sounder than
those of the Republican party that the people will
consent to elect, a Congress adverse to the admin
istration. .
DEMOCRATIC statesmen .and ".' Democratic
have rret the merry ; by.
bursting into songs; of - victory " to. ''• come.
Very nearly every' politician ofnote in the party h«s
warbled forth something of a' nature to cheer the de
spondent and rouse, them to a sufficient degreed of
hopefulness to put up coin forr -the •^Congressional
campaign. Each and all of the voices ;join in the
chorus that calls for, harmony and live issues, • but
there is some little divergence as to what are live
issues and how harmony is to be attained. .
.^The crucial question^ then, that confronts the
Democrats is that pf agreeing upon a platform. They
seem to be quite confident they can win if they can
only agree upon what to fight for. Representative
Pugsley of New. York recently put the issue in this
way:. "I believe the outlook for Democratic success
in the fall elections is decidedly encouraging. The
real question in my- mind,' when I to
weigh the chances of wresting the House from the
Republicans, is simply this: , Will the Democratic
party go \ into the campaign with live issues and pro
pose to deal with the great public 'questions of to-day
in a manner that will appeal "to thVjustice, patriotism
and common sense of the American people? Does
the Democratic party desire to reinstate itself in the
confidence of the people, and is it willing to pledge,
itself to sound policies?"
DEMOCRATIC HOP t ES.
An esthetic reformer who objects to the dirty con
dition of most of the paper money r in circulation in
the East suggests the advisability of making use of
aluminum sheets for such purposes, arid he furnishes
so many good reasons why the scheme- should ; be
adopted that it is safe to say. no Government • official
will give it the slightest 1 consideration. .; . i
It is a pitiful spectacle, this suicide of "& nation. It
is startling in these enlightened days to see the bar
barism of a thousand years ago smiting the mouth
that utters the genius of this better age. On one side
a mass of ignorance, worshiping the white Czar;
on the other the inspiration of Rurik, whip and sword
in hand; and, between this upper and nether mill
stone, the best thought and highest aspiration, the
mental illumination and normally the future hope of
the empire, with its brain and bone and marrow
ground to iMp- Brute force" and brute indifference
may long maintain autocracy, but the rest of the
world will wonder at the longevity of a nation that
knocks out its own brains.
\ This time they had made progress. They no longer
put up a negative protest, but an affirmative pro
gramme. They ceased to supplicate; they demanded.
They, asked for freedom of conscience, the right to a
.voice in their own affairs, the privilege of fixing their
own career and their own destiny. They demanded
what the Scandinavians got through Gustavus Vasa,
the Hungarians through the sacrifice of Kossuth, the
English at Rumnymede, and the Americans at York
town. They demanded the habeas corpus, judicial
definition of the rights of person and property and
the education of the people in the support of these
enlarged liberties. They numbered unarmed hun
dreds. The Cossacks were again turned loose upon
them. They were beaten with whips like d*ogs.
Asia again answere/1 Europe with the knout and
sword, with the dungeon and banishment. The best
blood of a country is in its universities and institu- ,..
tions of learning. So it is in Russia, and that em
pire with her. own sword is opening her veins and
arteries and letting the red tide of her best life spill
in the mire of her streets.
The Holy Synod and the Council of the Czar do
not see it, but the students who were beaten and run
through and cowed or killed a year ago represent the
only principle and course of action by which her
dream of primacy can" be realized. This year they
rose again on the anniversary of the martyrdom of
a girl who was crushed by the hard hoof of the em
pire because she aspired to be a human being. '
Why, "under .the circumstances," should. Russia ex
pect to outrun and overrun the Angfo-Saxons in a
race, for the intellectual and commercial primacy of
the world? ; V;^.v
For a year the students have seemed cowed and
non-re'sistant. The Government flattered itself that
it' had driven desire'for the rights of man out of the
universities and*out of the empire. During that year
occurred Tolstoy's excommunication by. the Holy
Synod, and his practical outlawry in czardom. The
structure of autocracy was buttressed and strength
ened at all points, and the empire dreamed of vic
tory in the struggle for the world's commercial pri
macy that is on between the Muscovite and the
Anglo-Saxon. That dream, under the-circumstances,
is a peculiar delusion. Russia has a vast domain and
a vast population. Her dynamic resources are of im
posing dimensions. -But when has such a conquest
as she intends been made by a people to whom is de
nied the right of ownership of their own bodies, and
in whom expression of thoughts that are the founda
tion of manhood is treated as a crime deserving of
death?
: ,That is the Asiatic system. If Asia had permitted
free thought and let her people be free men, there
would to-day be no Europe. All the world would
bc.Asia.'But Asia, from Nebuchadnezzar to Haroun,
denied to man the rights that are the motive power
of all -progress. Therefore she crystallized, and stood
as still as the woman of Sodom who turned into salt.
Man made Europe that he might have scope and
verge for his.conscience and his individuality, and
though his march to full enfranchisement was long
and ids 'miles were marked by sacrifice, he has per
sisted, and his horizon has widened as he ap
proached it.
European Russia is still Asiatic. The spirit of
Rurik spans "the thousand years since he combined
the Tartar tribes and the Mongoloid peoples and
founded the empire. The German states have par
liamentary* government. Austria has a Parliament.
Italy; has a Parliament. Spain and Portugal have
Parliaments. France is a republic and England is
a constitutional \monarchy governed by the people
through a Ministry that_is only a committee of a
Parliament In all Europe dnly Russia and Turkey
are Asiatic still, with no popular feature in their ad
ministration and no recognition of the rights of man.
THE. will of. the?. Czar forbids assembling "of the
Russian people arid sternly represses discussion
of the autocracy. The - constitution- ofr the-
United : States especially protects the peaceable as
sembling and their right of petition. Only an occa
sional Funston rises to denounce: our enjoyment, of
this constitutional guarantee. Last year the
students assembled to discuss the bearing of. the col
lege curriculum upon the life of the people... They
were set upon by Cossack soldiers, beaten with
whips and put to the sword. Imprisonment and ban
ishment followed, and it was thought the aspirations
of that' intelligent class of Russians had- been -finally
suppressed. But when a desire. for. free. thought and
expression and for freedom of conscience has taken
possession-of a people it cannot be beaten out" of
them with the knout nor cut out of them with a
scimeter. x .
' THE RUSSIAN STUDENTS."
COMING DIVORCE CASE
STIRS LONDON SOCIETY
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SAILING DISTANCE-A. S., Oakland,
Cal. The sailing distance from San Fran
cisco to Panama is 3473 miles by the route
usually taken by steamers. .
increasing the rent to at least twice the
amount, giving at least thirty days' no
tice. If the party refuses to surrender
the premises, then the remedy is an action
at law for restitution of premises. .
NO REGISTRATION— Voter, City. Vot
ers are not required to register In Arkan
sas, Indiana, New Hampshire, Pennsylva
nia, Vermont and West Virginia.
HAPPY CAMP— Subscriber, City. "Hap
py Camp," in Slsklyou County, California,
is reached by rail td Montague 200 miles,
and then by stage from there thirty-five
miles.
PUNCTUATION— Q. F. E., City. Punc
tuation remained very uncertain until the
end of the fifteenth century, when Aldus
Manutlus, the elder of three generations
of printers, invented the present sytem of
punctuation and it was generally adopted.
There had been some attempt at punctua
tion before that. The period (.) is the
most ancient; the colon (:) was introduced
in 11S5: the comma (,) was first seen in
1521, and the semi-colon (;) about 1570.
NUMISMATIC— Old Subscriber. City.
The American Numismatic and Archaeo
logical Society had headquarters In the
city of New York at 17 West Forty-third
street. B. L. Belden is the recording, sec
retary. , ' .
LOTTERY— W. O., City. This depart
ment has no personal knowledge that the
lottery alluded to in the letter of Inquiry
is drawn. It Is asserted that It Is drawn
in regular form monthly at Puerto Cortes,
Honduras.
GAME LAWS— Subscriber, City. That
portion of the game laws of California
prohibiting the shooting. of game at night
has not been declared unconstitutional;
on the contrary, It has been upheld in the
State Supreme Court and in the Federal
court.
MILES STANDISH-A. A. E., City.
Miles Standish,' the first commissioned
military officer in New England, was
born in Lancashire, 1584. He claimed to
be the legitimate heir to a large estate
from the old Standish family of Duxbury
Hall, Lancashire, England., one of whose
members was John Standyche, a squire
of King Richard II, who fought at Aigin
court. In the controversy between the
Catholics and the Protestants there ap
pears to have been a division In this fam
ily, one part adhering to the ancient faith
and the other accepting the Protestant
dogma,, The Catholic branch was of Stan
dish Hall and the Protestant of Duxbury
Hall. In religious matters Standish never
belonged to .the Pilgrim communion.
PAPER CURRENCY— Subscriber, Oak
land, Cal. The amount of. United States
paper currency of each denomination out
standing ' was as follows . at the end of
the fiscal year 1901: United States notes,
1346,681,016; treasury notes of 1900, $47,783.
000; national bank notes. $353,742,187; gold
certificates, $288,957,689; sliver certificates,
$435,014,000. • • r ¦ :. .
• SPARK. JUMP— M. S. H.. Cflty. Electric
or Jump sparks are caused to pass through
a Jet of escaping gas for lighting pur
poses. These sparks are. obtained from a
spark coll, 1. e., a coil of Insulated wire
connected In series with the circuit so as
to produce an extra current on the sud
den breaking of the circuit,' the discharge
of which produces a spark capable of ig
niting the gas. .
ETIQUETTE OF THE TABLE— A.- A.
S., City. At a dinner party if there are no
waiters the host should serve those near
est to him and the ¦ party receiving will
pass it down to the furthest away on that
Side of the table. The hostess and host at
such a dinner are generally served last. 1
Where there are waiters the service com
mences with the guests of honor and then
in rotation down to the foot. of the table.
The article which Justin McCarthy har
written on the coming novelist recalls
the fact that there 'are fashions In novels
just a3 in everything else. £
A few years ago, it will be remembered,
the problem novel 6eld the field. Most
of these were written : hy women!. < Tha
fame of Robert LOuls Stevenson then
brought the adventure story into fashion.
Now. I find a great many books dealing
with the tragedy and comedy of the Lon
don . poor have been ¦ having enormous
sales. This was the example set by
George Glsslng. which has been very suc
cessfully followed by Arthur Morrison,
Richard "Whiteing and Pett Ridge. At
any ¦ rate, their -books have been having
surprisingly big ,sales. ' . .' .'.
It is .'perhaps.' curious that white' the
modern English drama is concerned
mostly with the aristocracy, such virile
novelists as Thomas Hardy, Glsslng, Bar
rle and the others already mentioned find
material for their stories in life's very
lowly, undistinguished persons.
An edition of George Eliot's famous
novel, "The Mill on the Floss," prepared
in # vlew of the expiry of the copyright,
has been very unfortunate. The copy
right in the story does not actually Inp3e
till about the middle of April, so the edf
tlon has been premature, and necessarily
the firm which published George Eliot's
books for her asserted their rights, with
the result that the edition disappears.
Dr. Squire Sprigge is publishing a novel
called "An "Industrious Chevalier," which
apparently Is a translation of the French
phrase "Un Chevalier' d'lndustrie." The
hero of the story is said to be a clever
rascal. Dr. Sprigge, who is on the staff
of the Lancet, was a close friend of Sir
Walter Besant, whose autobiography he
is editing. He is a prominent member of
the Authors' Society.
Some years ago Mrs. Harcourt Wil
liamson edited , and arranged a "Book of
Beauty," so reviving an old literary fash
ion. The second portrait, on the sarno
lines, is now to be published. The volume
will contain portraits of beautiful women
of to-day who figure prominently In so
ciety. In most cases they will be repro
ductions of drawings by leading portrait
painters. The volume will also have arti
cles on society personalities and topics
concerning the year of the coronation.
Meakln, whose interesting book on the
Moors is just published, was for, some
years editor of the Times of Morocco,
which was founded by his father In 1884.
He made many journeys into the interior
disguised in native dress and using a
Moorish name. In this way he acquired
an exhaustive knowledge of the manner*
and customs of the country.
"I wonder," said a well-known Ameri
can, who/ when in England last sum
mer, visited Stratford-on-Avon, "you
don't have a magazine devoted to
Shakespeare and Shakespeare subjects."
He was but anticipating the event. a»
there is to appear from Stratford-on-Avon
a new quarterly called The Shrine. It
will be" devoted mainly to subjects con
nected with Shakespeare and his birth
place. Elliot Stock will publish it in Lon
don. The first number will be ready on
Shakespeare' s : birthday, next . month.
A book on famous book collectors . la
to be published soon ' by Messrs.- Kegan
Paul. ' The writer of it, William Tounger
Fletcher, knows bis subject well and loves
it,- and has gathered in formation from
many books throughout which it has
been scattered. He has also gone to new
sources. He gives short histories, often
accompanied by portraits of book collec
tors like Lord Ashburnham. Sir Hans
Sloane and Sir Kenelm Dlgby. Another
figure of the gallery Is Pepys» while Cran
mer and Laud both have places ' In it.
Careful accounts are given of historic col
lections as well as collectors. J . ?
< The Rev. Edgar Sheppard'a book, on
the history of St. James Palace is Veil
known. He has now finished a very-sim
ilar work upon the old palace of White
hall. Only the banqueting house of tho
palace remains, so its story, may be said
to have come to an end.
Dr. Sheppard says: "It Is- a curious
fact that the story, so far as I am aware,
has never been written In full and con
tinuous detail. It has been my aim to
supply such a narrative, and to glvef ! as
far as possible a complete record' of this
old palace." His materials for this pur
pose have been gathered from wide and
varied sources, including official docu
ments and records to which he has had
access.
Countess .Darnley is one of the authors
of a novel which Messrs. Constable are
to publish under the title of "Elma Tre
vor." She has written it in collaboration
with Randolph Hodson, 'who is already
known in the field of authorship. Lady
Darnley belongs to Australia, where she
and her husband, then the Hon. Ivo>
Bligh, so well known as a cricketer, first
met. ' ¦•]
Wi W. Jacobs this year is publishing
two book#-"At Sunwich Port," during
the spring, and a volume of short stories
in the autumn.
Mr. Jacobs is a slight and fair man, and
looks considerably, less than his thirty
eight years. As in the case of many otu
ers, it was some time before his talent
was recognized by editors. The first of
the ."Many Cargoes" series of stories was
refused by thirteen editors before "finally
appearing In To-Day. Then, under tha
editorship of Mr. Jerome, who wrote ask
ing for more, Mr. Jacoos started the hu
morous exploitation of the Lower Thames.
One of the stories in "Many Cargoes" was
sent to the late James Payn, then editor of
the Cornhlll, and was refused by him. A
year or -two afterward Mr. Ryan recom
mended the completed ..volume for tho
Academy's prize for the' best books of tha
year. His unique knowledge of the Lower
Thames was acquired by him with a
small coaster which he possesses and
when he was living at Wapping, where
his father had a wharf. Two of his short
stories have been dramatized. Ho has
ideas of writing an original play.
Henry James, who was 111, Is now bet
ter. He has finished proofs of a novel
that will appear soon.
An interesting specimen of bookbinding
was sold at Christie's auction rooms re
cently. The volume is a seventeenth cen
tury manuscript containing a number of
transcripts and pieces in verse and prose,
by and relating to Lady Arabella Stuart.
The binding consists of very fine sheet
vellum, most beautifully • cut with pen
knife in a pattern resembling fine point
lace, and laid over pink satin, varied
with blue. In two corners of e.ach cover
the initials "T. Y." Interlaced, occur.
There are traces on one side of the royal
arms of France and England quartered,
having at one time been illuminated on
a satin formed center. The design of tha
garter and the. crown and the motto
"Semper Eadem" are cut out in vellum.
The other side contains a device of a bird
rising from the ground with the motto,
"Je Fuy la Terre, et Cherch le.Clel."
Ex. strcngr hoarhound candy. Townsead'),*
P SPANISH WAR SOCIETIES—Ex sol- :
dler, City.- Since the recent Spanish-
American war the following societies have
been, organized in '. the ; .United States:
Naval and Military Order of the Spanish-'
American War; Society of the Army of
Santiago de Cuba; Military and Naval 3o
clety .'¦' of ¦ .the , Porto -Rican Expedition;:
Rough Riders'. Association; Distinguished'
Service Order of the : United States of,
Amerca; Naval Order of .St ". Louis, and
the National Association of Spanish-
American War .Veterans. .¦ ...
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at Townsend's^
- Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 23u Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1043. •
1 Berlin's black book, the criminal rec
ord kept by the police, now consists of
thirty-seven ; volumes. - containing 21,000
photographs of criminals of ail classes.
STOCK— W. M., Santa Rosa, Cal.' The
capital. Btock. of a corporation Is, Includ
ing: all unpaid . subscriptions thereto,"* a
trust fund for, the ; benefit of creditors of
the corporation. The shares of/stockiof a
corporation are usually evinced by certifi
cates .under. the?- seal 'of ¦'. the corporation
and the" signature' of Its onjcers. : - There is
ordinary stock, full paid upi" non-assesa-;
able and preferred stock. . The latter is so
called because it-takes dividend before all
other stock, and' for that reason . In
.valuable.. ':.'¦¦' . ~ . • .. '
Townsend's California glace fruit. 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frieatij.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
RULERS OF NATIONS— F. A:, Oak
land, Cal. The following ia a list of the
rulers of nations and countries on the
1st of last January.
Abyssinia (or Ethiopia). Menellk of ' Shoa.
Q. C. M. G., Emperor; Afghanistan. Hablbulla
Kahn, Amir; Argentina Republic, John A.
Hoca, President; Austria, Francis Joseph, Em
peror; BaluchlFtttfi, Mir Mahmud. O. C. I. E.,
Khan of Khelat; Belgium, Leopold II, King: of
the Belgians; Bolivia, Jose . Manuel Pando.
President; Brazil (United States of), M. F. de
Campos Sallea, President; Bulgaria, Ferdinand,
Prince; Chile, Jerman Rlesco, President;
China,' Kuans Hsu,' Emperor; Colombia." J. 'M.
Marroquln, President; Congo Free Stats, King;
of the. Belgians, • Sovereign; Crete, Prince
George of Greece, High Commissioner; Costa
Rica. Rafael Igleslas, President; Denmark,
Christian IX, King; Dominican Republic, Gen
eral Jim Inez, President; Ecuador, .Leonldas
Plaza, President; Egypt, Abbas II, Khedive;
France. Emll Loubet, President: Germany,
William II, Emperor; Prussia, "William II.
King; Bavaria, Otto, King (Prince Lultpold.
Resent); Saxony, Albert, King; Wurtemberg,
William. II, Kins; Baden. Frederick, Grand
Duke; Hesse, Ernst Louts V, Grand Duke; An
halt, Frederick, Dukd; Brunswick. ¦ Prince Al
brecht. Regent; Mecklenburg-Schwerln. - Fred
erick Francis, Grand Duke; Mecklenburg-
Strelltz, Frederick William, Grand Duke; Ol
denburg, Frederick Augustus, Grand Duke;
Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Charles Edward,
Duke (Duke of Albany); Waldeck-Pyrmont.
Frederick, Prince; Great Britain and Ireland,
Edward VII, King; Greece, George. King of
the Hellenes; Guatemala, Manuel Estrada Ca
brera, President ; Hawaii, Sanford B. Dole,
President; Honduras. . Terencio' Sierra. Pre«|I
dent: Hungary, Franrla Joseph, King;' India
Edward VII, Emperor; Italy, "Victor Emmanuel
III,' King; Japan, Mutsuhtto, Emperor (or Mi
kado); Korea, LI Hsl,, Emperor; Liberia, G.
W. Gibson, President; Luxemburg, Adolnhua!
Grand. Duke; Mexico. Porflrlo Diaz, President
(fourth time); Monaco, Albert, Prince; Monte
negro. iNicholaa (Nlklta). Prince; j Morocco
Muley Abdul Azziz, Sultan; Nepal, . Prithiv?
Beer Blkram Shum Shere Jung Bahadur, Ma
haraja; 1 Netherlands, Wilheimlna (a minor)
Queen; Nicaragua. Jose Santos . Zelaya, Presi
dent; Paraguay, Emello Aceval, President; Per
sia; MozafTer-ed-Dtn, Shah ; Peru, Signor Ro
mana, President ; Portugal. Carloa, King ; Rou
mania, -Charles, King; Russia, Nicholas II
Emperor; ; Salvador, Tomaso Regalado, Presi
dent; Sarawak,' 1 Sir Charles Johnson Brooke"
G. CM. G., "Rajah; Servla, Alexander (Obreno
vltch), King; Slam, Khoulalongkorn, Kin*-
Bin: In. Alfonso XIII (a minor), . King; Sweden
and Norway. Oscar II. .Kin*; Switzerland- E
Benner.- President; Tripoli, Hashem Bey Gov
ernor General; Tunis, Haflz Mehet Pasha' Bey
Turkey. Abdul Hamld II. Sultan: United
States | (America). Theodore . Roosevelt. Presl
dent; .Uruguay. Juan L. Questas. Acting Presl
dent (until March 1. 1898) ; Venezuela. > Cypri-
LANDLORD AND TENANT— H., City.
A month to month' tenanacy may be ter
minated at the .will of either party. Tho
landlord should,, however,' 1 give the tenant
a reasonable notice' bjy • either telling him
that he ' 'wishes the premises • at the end
.of the time for, which it. was. rented or. by
The worst - mosquito-Infested neighbor
hood in the world la the coast of Borneo.
The streams of that region are. at cer- i
tain season, unnavlgable because «( tha '
clouds of mosquitoes.
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
China is a bigger country than Samoa, but not,
much more capable of. defense against f , the strong
and warlike friends who are now girding; her round
about with armies and navies and. talking loudly of
their agreement that she shall not'.be despoiled. All
the same, it will be well for the statesm-en' of China
tq study the recent history of Samoa with a good
deal of attention to its slightest details. •
tribute much to the hopes of, those who are look
ing for the coming of a political millennium. 'Least'
of all did it secure the territorial integrity of Samoa.
On the contrary~it led 'to quarrels, and finally to the
treatment of the islands as if they were spoils of war
instead of the pledges of friendship. So in the end
the Samoans were pronounced to be a conquered peo
ple, their islands were divided* and the joint govern
ment dissolved. / .
To this mutual good will among the nations aridi
common desire to promote the welfare of China thfcre
is but one parallel indecent history, and that is the
notable incident where the mutual good will of the
United States, -Great Britain and Germany for one
another and their common regard for the welfare of
the Samoans led the three nations to organize a joint
government- of those islands: It will be' remembered
thafthe joint government did not last longinor con-
declarations of love for one another and' of. high re- :
solve- to' treat China 'fairly .and keep her undivided.' : '"-'
, The British -and, Japanese, alliance was; the first oh
these formal manifestations 'of good will to be made
public. Russia immediately hastened to announce
that she received the news with gladness, and was
pleased to find the Rallies united in support of the very;
policy that Russia f had most at. heart. Shortly after
ward came the announcement that^-Russia and France
had' formed ; an alliance, not 1 to , oppose .Britain and"
Japan, but to assist them in maintaining the "good
cause v - , . •
¦—¦¦_; — - '¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ -¦¦ ¦"¦¦'.' ¦'¦?-.' ¦. .:-¦ . ¦ -¦ c-\iv» .>¦ . .
THE SAJJT FBANCISCOr. CALL, SATUJJD A Y, MARCH 29, 1902.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia — "The Christian."
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "La Tosca.'V * '
¦Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher."
'California — "The Denver Express." ' .
-^TJvoll — "The Serenade."
— "The Man-o'-Warsman."
' Alcazar — "On and Off."
MechaAfcs' Pavilion — Norrls & Rowe's Big Shows.
. , Eherman-Clay Hall — Song Recital, Tuesday night, April 1."
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day. ;SAN JOSE. March 28.— Fred N. Pinard,
who was recently convicted • of bigamy
and sentenced to ten months in the
county jail, effected his escape this morn
ing and enjoyed, liberty for three hours.
The prisoner was serving as assistant
cook, and, when the jailer's < back ¦ was
turned, walked out. He was at once
missed and the full force of 'deputies
started on his track. Shortly after noon
Pinard was arrested by Deputy Sheriff
Starbird at Santa Clara. He was mak
ing his way to San Francisco.
Three Hours of Liberty.
Whereat, Th« eminent publlo vtrvlcrs of the
Ute Unltbd 8tate« Stephen M./ White deserve
Htat* recognition; and
Whereas, Numerous citizens of this State
have subscribed and collected a memorial fund
for Jhe building 1 of a monument to nsld Stephen
M. White, which is under the control of the
executive committee with headquarter! In the
city of Los Angeles; now be it
Resolved, By the State Capitol Commission
er* in regular session assembled, that w« ten
der to the executive committee of the Stephen
M. White memorial fund a suitable place on the
State Capitol grounds for tho construction and
location of said monument;, it is 'further
Resolved, That notice of this otter be given
forthwith by tha secretary of this commission
to the said executive committee of the 8tephen
M. White memorial fund.
SACRAMENTO, Mnrch 28.~Tho follow
ing reaolutlon. offered by Governor Uago,
was adopted by tho. State Board of Cap
itol Commtoelonera to-day:
a FUt on tho Capitol
Grounds.
Tenders to Memorial Fund Committee
STATE OFFERS A SITE
FOR WHITE MONUMENT
'I only ahot to aavo my honor," la her
constant cry. Tho attending phy«lcann
say she la In great danger of phyhlcal
coilajmo from tho ahock, na her health In
already Impaired. Tho wlfo of tho dead
man is ttlso in a precarious condition at
her hotel In Hot SprlngR,
No, one witnessed the tragedy, and Mrs. :
Walker stood holding the amoving pistol
over the dead Body when arrested. She
refuses to give the. cause 'leading up to
the shooting beyond saying that, judd,
whom she only slightly knew, appeared in
her room lifteen minutes before the kill*
Ing and after making Improper proposals,
which she rebuffed, attempted to crim
inally assault her, when she 'fired with
the revolver, the ball penetrating the
man's lungs.
The tragedy has created Intense excite*
ment, as both purtlca were well known
and respected. Dr. Judd'o wife, with
whom he was living, is at Hot Hpringa
with a son who is chief surgeon at the
Montrzuma Hotel. Two other sons are
prominent physicians In Topeka. -
Mrs. Walker, who ha« been here only
a few months, la tho wife of a Mllen City
merchant. She la a tall, handsome bru
nette. Tho story of tho woman is not
penerally credited, as Dr. Judd bore a
high reputation In tho community and hl«
frk'nda.uny that ho had called merely on
professional business and that hla mo
tive* were unquoHtloned. Mra. Wnlkor,
ronnned In th<? matron's room of tho Jail,
lira moaning to-night and refusea nil vis.
I tors.
EAST LAS VEGAS, ;N. M. ;"; March 28.r-
Mrs. G. B. Walker, a 'well-known .'; Miles
City (Iowa) woman, shot and killed J.- J.
Judd, aged 53 years) • a. prominent "physi
cian of Topeka, Kans., In her apartment
In this city this evenlnfc. \ \ .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Declares She Waa Obliged
to Ehcoi to Protect? u
Her. Honor. > y$C '
Woman Takes the Life
of a Topeka Medi- J
cal Man.
Function tti Be in Nature of a House. Warming of
: _ New Quarters Which Were Recently Fitted Up
/ for Officers, the Old Rooms Being Inadequate
KILLS DOCTOR
IN HER ROOM
FIRST INFANTRY REGIMENT WILL
GIVE BRILLIANT MILITARY BALL
SAN RAFAEL. March 23.— The Govern
ment will build a fine boulevard from
Bausallto to Fort Baker. All preliminary
details have been completed and to-day
orders were received by Captain Ludlow
commander at Fort Baker, to proceed
with construction.. On Monday 200 pris
oners of Alcatraz will be put at work
grading the roadbed. The boulevard will
be thirty feet wide and macadamized the
entire distance.
Boulevard to Fort Baker.
TACOMA, Mflrtih 3&-When twenty
Jrttinnrne lubomri* arrived at Atltn lust
w«ok they found aueh Intend^ (««UnK
Rff&ln«t th«ir eemlng ttmont white minor*
ttmt they ¦tftrt«d f»r the eoaat again en
Saturday, two day* After th§lr ftrrivel.
The Japanese had been taken t§ Atlln by
Miumuer KortUioiMtonciuuish o( the Atlin
Mlntntr Comuany, whieh \n operating the
clatma owned by Lord Hamilton,
It wan putilta opinion rathtr than any
overt net of. violence whtoh compelled the
Japaneaa to turn about face, . During the
previous two week* tha white miners* had
held numeroua Indignation meetings, along
the creaks, The outcome of their unnnU
mlty pf feeling waa a meeting held laat
Frlaay, when more than 180 mliiera
marched into Atlln with the intention of
Intercepting the Japanese before they left
for the claims on McKee Creek. The
Japanese having already started for Mc-
Kee, the miners marched to. that creek
and held a consultation with the leaders
of the Orientals. Little difficulty waa
experienced In convincing the Japanese
that they '.were not wanted and that
trouble would follow it they remained.
Very • few of the white miners were
armed. . The Japanese quickly decided to
return to Skaguay or to Puget Sound
ports and left the next day. The Atlln
miners are > rejoicing at the outcome.
FHmrlal Dlgpeteh td The Call.
Coolie Laborers Quickly
Depart From Atlin
1 District.
JAPANESE HEED
MINERS' WARNING
Sues Oil Company for. Bent.
Henry,:! H.- Davis' has commenced suit
against the Bella Vista '. Oil Company to
recover $6239 18 alleged to be due for rent
of 1200 acres of land in San Mateo County.
VICTORIA, B: C, March , 28.— The tug
Pllo.t arrived here to-day .with a barge
loaded with concentrates from the .Tread
well mine for the Tacoma smelter.'Noth
ing was. seen or heard of the: schooner
Alice, believed to have been' lost in'Queen
Charlotte ¦ Sound. " 'An 'American tug .was
passed with the ship Philip Kelly and the
schooner Blanche In tow. -
No Trace of \ the Alice.
But - selected barley-malt and ; best ; hops
are used in^the- product of the Anheuser-
Busch "Brewing Ass'n." This insures the
wholesomeness ¦ of their -brands, Bud
welser,- Faust, Black & .Tan, Exquisite,
Pale-Lager,- Export ; Pale, 1 Anheuser-Stan
dard.;. Orders" promptly filled by . E. G
Lyons & Raaa Co., wholesale dealers, San
Francisco. . ' V/
No Corn
SAN RAFAEL, March 28.— Mystery sur
rounds the finding -of a rowboat off .the
coaet near Point? Bonita. - Louis Yagnol,
a fisherman, made the discovery'- early
this . morning. He found the boat empty,
with the exception of one oar. On the
Blde : of the' boat was marked "Schooner
Charles Hansen. . No. 1-1-2-3-C-F-T.'.' . The
boat was .towed in,, but. up* to the present
time - its ownership has ' not been estab
lished... ¦--; • ¦ ¦¦; •-'./.¦• •'.; . r-'---.:--: ¦
Finds an Empty Eowboat.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind., March 28.— A
special to the Sentinel, from Tipton, Ind.,
aays: It was stated to-day that the al
leged forgeries of township warrants may
aggregate $100,000. M. U. Johnson, whose
presence is desired here, is said to be In
Hot Springs, Ark. Johnson, It is said,
was doing a large business at Anderson,
representing bridge manufacturers, steam
heating contractors, furniture raen and
school supply firms. He is an ex-member
of the Indiana Legislature from. Macon
County, ex-Superintendent of ¦ Public
Schools of Madison County, and was at
one time owner of the Anderson Demo
crat. . .
Warrants Are Forged.
BANTA BARBARA, March ih.-Mm.
Charlotte Davenport, a physical eultur*
instructor, wit* Arrested her* to-night on
a charge of obtaining money under f&lsa
pretenses. , Her arrest caused great •*•
eltement In loelal circles. ,
Mri. &av«nport cams to thti etty high*
ly recommended and at onoa beoam» iden
tified with highest society. Una gave *
leetura before the Woman's Club and suc<
cucloil In iititiUntnff several pupils.
The complainant in to>day'i* action U
a well known woman o( this etty. Sho
wrta approached by Mrs, Pavenport with,
her new 'system of physical cuitura and
the advantages of the system were so
well set forth that a couria of Instruction
was agreed upon, the fee to be *15O, with
ISO down. A day or two later the pros
pective pupil became convinced that aha
had been Impoaed upon and accordingly
placed her troubles before her pastor,
Rev. P. 8. Forbes, with the result that a
complaint was issued and Mrs. Daven
port arrested.
Mrs. Davenport came to tWs city with
highest references from Eastern colleges.
She claims to have been prominent In
Pasadena and Loa Angeles social circles.
Pedal Dlnoatch td The Call.
Fair Instructor in Physi
cal Culture Is in
Trouble.
When Herman '. Springmeyer learned of
his. son's. expulsion' he at once engaged
an attorney, instructing him to bring all
kinds of suits and. go the finish in the
courts. • The father and the attorney came
to Reno together last Saturday and since
then have had several interviews with the
president and regents, . with '¦¦ the result
that discipline was administered with a
firm but kindly hand and .without depriv
ing the student of educational advantages
Student Springmeyer has complied with
the conditions - Imposed . by . the '¦ faculty
He has made his apology in a satisfactory
way and has eone to Stanford' University
with a letter from President Stubbs ask
ing" the; registrar of Stanford University
to give Student 1 Springmeyer ; the I advan
tage of the Stanford, laboratories for the
remainder of the academic year. • •
• • •. Such a warm article that hl« feet
left 'burnt tracks on the matting of the floor
except when he was asked to run for the United
States Senate on ¦ the . Republican ticket at
which time they §ot so cold that It was a 'case
of chilblains.' ; . - • v
a RBNO, H Nev., Marelf Sl-The ,•„„„ e f
Student Bprlngmeyer, editor df'the.gtu
dents" Reeerd; the official imper of the
Btate University, who wan expelled from
that Institution' of learning for a faee-
Uous artlele raiftrdlnir 1'reiident BUiblii,
haii, been iettle«l out ef eourt and the
young man will be permitted to return to
his itudles on September l of this year.
The nattlement Involved an apolofy from
Btudent Bprlnicmeyer to the urenldent of
the university, and It was agreed that ha
should lone no grade by the aqt of expuL
slon, also that h« be given a, regular d|.
plonw at the end of the term and neces
sary papers which would allow him to en
ter the aame grade of class at Stanford
University. What threatened to be a
lively legal contest Is therefore amicably
adjudicated to the satisfaction of all con
cerned, •
Sprlngmeyer halls from Carson Valley
Nevada, where his father is a wealthy
rancher. Being Journalistically inclined,
the young man was made editor of the
college paper and for several months con
ducted the sheet with much credit to him
self. In a recent Issue, however he
aroused the ire, of the college authorities
and was requested to leave, the institu
tion. The objectionable portion of the
editorial written, by Springmeyer on Pres
ident Stubbs was as follows:
BBWlal Dispatch te The Call.
REDDING, March 2S.-Tht» most bqubsl.
tlotiul Jewel robbery In w rural commun
ity in the history of Northern .California
has ended in >a remarkable manner.
Theugh all the .stftlen jewels wer« re
placed by the thieve* and though the
man from whom they were stolen had not
wlKhetl to preg@QUt@, em man li In Han
Quentln, another in the Trinity Jail and
h third, who was not even arrested, in
fleeing tor hl» life. >*
J. Ward Van Cleave in here from t,ewU
tori, en route to Hpokane. He Bay* the
•people of Trinity, County drove him out;
that they made covert threats and that
the repldenta of one neighborhood pent
him word that If he came there they
would certainly lynch him,
Ward Van Cieave'a/ brother, Joseph Van
Cleave, and his nephew, AUle Hammond,
pleaded guilty to having utolen a box of
jewelry from George Davla of the Frick
& Davla ranch. Van Cleave waB taken
down a week ago to spend a year In San
Quentin. Hammond got six months in
jail. Ward Van -Cleave was not arrested,
though some suspected him of complicity.
He visited Hammona in Sierfa County
and got a written statement that Ham
mond and Joseph Van Cleave had stolen
the $1000 worth of jewels.' Joseph: deliv
ered the Jewels to him to bo returned to
Davis. Ward Van Cleave received, his
expenses and a salary from' Davis while
working on the case. The people accuse
him of accenting. f> reward for Bending his
own brother • to/ San Quentin: hence the
sentiment which has resulted in his ex
pulsion from the county, ¦
Ward Van Cleave protests that he is a
deeply wronged man: He declares he had
no hand in the taking of the Jewels and
did not. know until Hammond confessed
that his brother had anything to do with
the case. Otherwise he would never have
played the part of detective. • •¦
Facial DiHttateh to The Call.
For This a N6vadaiUni
verBity Student Is
Disciplined. .
Ward Van Cleave Flees
Prom Ire of Trinity
Citizens.
ARREST STARTLES
SOCIETY CIRCLES
SAYS HIS LIFE
IS IN JEOPARDY
of the regiment at 21 Page street,
adjoining tho Page-street Armory, on th*
evening of April 8. This- will bo In the
nature of a house-warming of the new
quarters which were recently fitted up
for tho officers of the regiment, the old
quarters in the main building being in
adequate to the needs of the organization.
This affair has been in contemplation
for some weeks, but It was not until a
short time ago that the new quarters
THE First Infantry Regiment of
the National Guard of California
will give an" "at home" and mili
tary ball in the new headquarters
SAYS PRESIDENT
HAS "COLD FEET"
Invitations have been extended to the
commander In chief and staff , Major Gen
eral Dickinson and staff, Adjutant Gen
eral Stone and staff. Brigadier General
¦\Varfleld and staff and many other mili
tary men, and it is expected that it; will
bo one of the finest military functions
that has been given in this city for many
years. The invitations announce that
dancing will, commence at half-past 9
o clock, and that fcarrlagres' may be or
dered for 1 In the mornlne.
The headquarters will be profusely dec
orated and the main armory, In which the
ball will be given, will also be decorated,
the decorations being of the military or
der.
Invltatlons-r-Captaln H. G. Mathewson (sec
retary of the general committee), Lieutenant
F. Graham, Lieutenant F. Marriott.
Decoration — Captain P. J. Eggert, Lieutenant
J. F. Drlscoll, Lieutenant H. Stlozenwald
Music — Major T. 3, McCreagh, Lieutenant H.
O.< Stlndt., •' ¦'¦¦¦¦¦ <\l ¦ ¦¦ - ; - • ¦
Refreshments — Lieutenants H. G. Stlndt, W.
CKeefe, H. Walter, F. Marriott.
¦ . ¦ •. ¦ ¦ i : " • '
were in condition to permit) giving the
function. The affair Is under the manage
ment of a general committee, of' which
Major Thomas J. McCreagh, a veteran of
tho Spanish-American war, who was with
the First California Volunteers at the
Philippines,- is chairman. The sub-com
mittees are; . v
MAJOR McCREAOH, CHAIRMAN
OP THE GENERAL COMMITTEE
OP THE MILITARY BALL.
The candidates for grand outside senti
nel are J. Emmett Hayden," Mount . Tamal
pals Parlor, , San Rafael; Bert Levy,
Lower Lake Parlor,'. Lower Lake; L. C.
Plstolesl,. Sequoia Parlor, San Francisco,
and the Incumbent, A. D. Barman, Corona
Parlor,' Los Angeles. ".;.."
Woodland ' No. 80, Woodland— E. T. Lamp
ton, D. H.- Wolgamott and K. H. Hayward,
Excelsior No. 31, Jackson — John F. Davit,
C. M. Hntltli and J. 8. Avlse* • ¦¦ >-¦
Mission No. !IH, Ran Francisco— John I'or
chcr, William P. Humphreys and K. K, Olr*l*
kowsky.
Hnlnbow No. 40. Wheatland— A. II. Arm
¦tend. >
Kn-inimt No. 44, Hullliitcr— \V. W. Dlack and
M. T. Doollnr.
Los Angeles No. 45, Los Angeles— Charles
nonnett and I, II. Nurton.
Alameda No, 47, Alameda— H. L. flousa and
F. O, Hchumnn.
Plymouth No. 48, Plymouth, Amador County
—Hurry F.. Coster.
Ban Francisco No. 40, Ban Francisco— It. P.
Troy, Thomas 19. Hearty, John Nelson and F.
V. Severance.
Oakland No. no, Oakland— Rod W. Church,
Harry W. Wllllami and W. H. H. Oentry.
,101 Dorado No. C3, Ban Franetsoo— Gustavc
Ounaendorfer, D. U. Lowney and James F.
¦ J iroml.
Ht. Helena' No. CO, Bt. Helena— niimork
Ilruclc and 1'hllo 8. Grant.
Hydraulto No. CO. Nevada Cfty— Fred L
Arbnirnit and Chestar W. Chapman.
Dlxon No, 60, Dlxon— M. 8. Oarnett.
Los Osos No. 01, San Luis Oblspo— T. J.
Bo wen, R. E. Lee.
Mount Tamalpalt No. 04, Ran Rafael— P. M.
Angellottl, J. Emmet Hayden.
Watsonvllle No. 05, Watsonvllle — Jeff. L.
Mann. James II. Holohan, .
Rodwood No. 60, Redwood City— C. D. Hay
ward,
Rlncon No. 72, San Francisco— William J.
Wynn, Louis K. Hagenkamp, William E.
Foley, J. J. Handley.
San Jose No. 72, San Jose — Charles T. O'Con
nell. B. B. Cottle.
Stanford No. 70, San Francisco— Washington
Dodge, Bruce Cornwall, John J. Lermen, Wil
liam D. Ilynes.
Vallejo No. 77. Vallejo— G. O. Halliday, S.
J. McKnlght.
Granite No. 83, Folaom — Hay McFarland, T.
J. DavU. ,
Yerba Buena No. 84. San Francisco — John T.
Harmes, Daniel Suter. .
, Callstoga No. 80, Callstoga— E. I* Arm
strong.
Golden Star No. 88, Alton, Humboldt Coun
ty—J. O. Price.
Santa Cruz No. 00, Santa Cruz — W. R. Lln
acott, MUton Bee, B. K. Knisht. ¦• '
Ferndale No. 03, Ferndale, Humboldt County
— C. C. Alford, -TV J.' Samuels. . •
Seaside No. 05,. Half moon Bay— Charles-. I 1 ..
MoBConl. ... - •
Laasen No. 00; Susanvllle — E. A. Martin, T.
H. Long.
Bay City No. 104, San Francisco — H. - G. W.
Dlnkelsplel. H. Nqrdman, I. Llndeman.
Nlantlc No. - 105. San Francisco— Frank Mor
decal, R. V. Whiting.
. Arrowhead No. 110. San Bernardino — William
E. Kelr, Joseph E. Rich, Ralph E. Swing.
Sonoma No. Ill, Sonoma — Hartley W. Got
tenbers;.
Santa Barbara No. 110, Santa Barbara — T.
G. Eilers. A. Goux.'
¦ Brodsrlck No. 117, Point Arena, Mendodno
County — W. S. Williams.
National No. 118, Ban Francisco — F. P.
Wehe George W. Koch Jr., Edward D. Knight.
'Piedmont No. 120, Oakland— J. J. McElrcy,
W. B. Qulgley Jr., Frank Barnet.
Wisteria No. 127, Alvarado, Alameda Coun
ty—H. C. Searles.
Qulncy No. 131, Qulncy — H. S. L«e, H. F.
Hall. •
Gabllan No. 132, Castrovllle — M. M. Sllva.
Hesperian No. 137, San Francisco— C. F.. But
tle. Dr. H. A. Anderson.
Tuolumne Na 144, Sonora — John Vohnson.
Alcatraz. No. 145. San Francisco — Charles H.
Turner, E. P. E. Troy.
Halcyon No. 140, Alameda — J. C. Bates Jr.,
A. B. Tarpey. .
San j Marcos No. ISO. San Miguel, San Luis
Oblspo County — R. G. Mlllman. .
Brooklyn No. 151, Brooklyn, Alameda Coun
ty—George J. Hans, H. A. Bagehorn.
Cambria No. 152. Cambria, San Luis Oblspo
Ccunty — Warren W, Smlthers.
Alcalde No. 1D4, San Francisco — Emlllo Las
treto. J. A. Devoto, L. E. Derre.
Yotonkflt No. 15*— H. J. Thomas.
South Ban i Francisco No. 107, South Ban
Francisco — Nathaniel Halllnan, Louis Nonnen*
matin.
Bed Point No. IBS, BaUsallto— George T.
Lower Lake No, 1B0. Lower Lake, Luke
County=llert Levy, Frank Akin*.
Bertuoltt No. 1*0, Ban Frttnclseo— L. C, Pl»«
tnUsl, \V, P, Johnson. Georf • J. Btotikwltl.
Iteulands No, 1(38, llpiUnmlB— -.T, A, Mvrra,
•VMhlHBtdVNa, l«ft— B, I], Btevenedn.
KpvpIhiis No. It.'l, Afflader City, Amntlor
eftunty=l8d M, eulWt, ft. O. MeLtjne.
Obti^rvfttttry No. ITT, Ban Jest)=Marttn Mur»
tih^eld#n d Aneh r ef N«. i»3. . OlWmvill*, lltrra
County—AltoM H.jpeulil, „ _ ,
True* No, 1«), Traej^A, II, CJeetJen, ,1. ¦•
Hanley, John M, niPkw,
filihiyovi No, 188. Fart Jpnea, SUUlyeu ee«n«
ty^Qharles Wright, Charley MRrifto,
Olympus No, lw, Han Pr«nptftg»-.Andr«w
Moeker Harry I. Mulerevy,
U\*v\y No, 103, Hawyep'n Bar. pisktyeu
County=Jame« H, N«Uey.
prww«o No, »<»*. 8ftn 'tfranelieo-l* »,
Moo«ep, WHltam J, Portion, -
Corona; No, IO«, fcos An(f«le»— O, W, BdeW
man W, T, Craig,
Commodore Bloat' No, 10T, Blue Lake, Hum'
boldt County— Frank B, Knl«ht.
Honey Lake No. 10S— O. E. Dakln.
Marshall No. 203. Ban Franotsoo— Edward H.
Kroenke, Edward J. Maher.
Hunrlso No. 204, Pinole, Contra Costa County
John T. Bllva,
Carqutnea No. 203, Crockett, Contra Costa
County— George E« Standlsh, Oeorgn G. Pryts.
Army and Navy No. 207. San Francisco-
Richard J Cllne, Percy L. Badt.
Dolores 'No. 208, San Francisco — Thomas E.
Cl Berkeley a n'o. 210, Berkeley— Edward Gray,
r Oak Park No. 213. Oak Park. Sacramento
County— Morris Brooke. •
The principal fight for office seems to
center around the grand trustees, seven
of whom are to be chosen. There will
also be a contest over grand outside sen
tinel The following named have an
nounced themselves as 1 candidates for
grand trustee: ' . .
William' H. Devlin, .Sacramento Parlor, Sac
ramento; Joseph ' Goldman, . Yosemlte Par
lor Merced:. John Poroher, Mission Parlor,
San Francisco; M: T.Doollng, Fremont Par
lor Holllster; George L. Jones. Quarts Parlor,
GrasH Valley; George O. RadcllnV "Watsonvllle
Parlor Watsonvllle; Washington Dodge, Stan
ford Parlor, Ban Francisco; Walter D. Wag
ner, Arrowhead Parlor, San Bernardino;
Charles Boxton, National • Parlor, Ban Fran
cisco;" Joseph R. Knowland, Halcyon Parlor,
Alameda; James A. Devoto,- Alcalde Parlor,
San Francisco;- Edward J.'; Taaflfe,, South San
Francisco - Parlor, San . Francisco; James' M.
Hanley, Preclta Parlor,' San Francisco; L. H.
Mooser, Presidio Parlor,. San Francisco;
Thomas E.Curran, Dolores Parlor, San Fran
cisco; Frank R. Wehe, Downlevllle Parlor,
Downleville; Martin: Murphy, Palo Alto Par
lor, San 1 Jose; Daniel A. . Ryan, Pacific Parlor,
San Francisco.' ¦ " ' '
Hiuitu Hcihu No. iin, Hantu ItOM— Edward P.-
ColRan and Lout* W, Jullllard..
Golden Gate No. 20, San Francisco— Percy
V. Ixjnr, I, llarrli, John H. Mcliaao and Fred
11. Ruhr Jr.
¦» Pacific No. 10, San FrancUcb — D. L. Fitz
gerald, T. P. Martin, Daniel A. Ryan and
Leonard Stone. /
Humliolilt No. 14, Eureka — Thomai II. Perry
and JimicH l). Fraiier.
Amador No. 17, Sutter Creek, Amador
County — C. P. Vlclnt and F. N. Borocco».
Arcata No. 20, Arcata, Humboldt County—
A. W. Uarcelon and F. M. Llscom Jr.
Yoscmlte No. 24, Merced— J. J. Oarlbaldl and
J. J. (Irlflln.
Sunset No. 20, Sacramento— W. II. Devlin,
O.C. Sherman and John Btraub.
Stockton No. ,7, Stockton— George . E. Cattfl,
W, E. O'Connor, J. W. "Wlllj, W. C. Neumlller
uthl O. S. Henderson.
.^.reonaut No. 8, Orovllle— Walter W. Keece
ana Albert M.. 8ml th. > . - '
. California No. , 1, San Franclaco — James P.
Dockery, E. C. Laws, Henry Mayer, Edwin L.
Meyer, K. G. Schulze. W. W." Shannon and Dr.
O. F. Wtatjhal. ;
Sacramento No. 3, Sacramento — W. A. Gett,
O. «A. Burns, Thomas Fox and T. "VV. Mc-
Aullfte. - . .
Nearly all of the parlors of the Native
Sons of the Golden West have sent in
the -names 'of , the. delegates chosen by
them to attend the meeting of the Grand
Parlor to be held next month at Santa
Cruz. -. The following is a list of the dele
gates:" >
Principal Fight -for Office
Now Centers Around
the Trustees.
Native Sons Chocse Dele
gates to Santa Cruz
Conclave.
WILL ATTEND
BRAND PARLOR
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902; ;;f
7
Surely the great ,Tolome of letters we are constantly publishing from wo-
men made strong, and well by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com*
pound must convince all women of the value of this famous medicine.
Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound for Woman's Periodic Pains.
Wife of the President of the Elders of the Mormon.
Church, Salt Lake City, Utah, Kecommends
¦ • - , - ' . '9 ¦
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
AAA REWARD. — We hare deposited with the National City Bank of Lynn, $5000.
Vrklj || which will be paid to any person who can find that the aboTe testimonial letters
.nil jl are not genuine, or were published before obtaining the writer's special per-
U mission. Lydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co., Lynn. Maw-
" Dear Mris. Pinkham : — Before I knew of Lydia E. Pinkham**
Vegetable Compound I dreaded the approach of the time for my
menstrual period, as it would mean a couple of days in bed with intense
pain and suffering. I was under. the physicians care for over a year
without any relief, when my attention was called to Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound by "several of our Mormon women who had
been cured through its use. I began its systematic use and improved
gradually in health, and after the use of six bottles my health was com-
pletely, restored, and for over two years I have had neither ache or pain.
You have a truly wonderful remedy for women. Very sincerely yours,
Mrs. Hulda Jakehan, Salt Lake CJity, Utah."
O, my sisters, I do pray you to profit by Mrs. Jakeman's exper-
iences; just as surely as she was cured of the troubles enumer-
ated in her letter, just so surely will Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound cure every woman in the land who suffers from womb
troubles, inflammation of the ovaries, kidney, troubles, nervous
excitability, and nervous prostration ; remember that it is Lydia
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound that is curing women, and
don't allow any druggist to sell yon anything else in its place.
MRS. IIULDA JAKEMAN, of Salt Lake City.
A most Important discovery has been
made after a year's patient laboratory
work aimed In a certain direction. It is
Kewbro's Herpicide, a preparation that
cures baldness, prevents falling hair and
epeedlly and permanently eradicates dan-
druff. These evils are caused by a germ
or parasite that burrows Into the scalp,
throwing up dandruff, as It seeks to sap
the life of the hair at the root. There's
no baldness without falling or thin hair,
no thin hair without dandruff, and no
dandruff If the germ is destroyed. New-
bro's Herpicide is the only preparation
that will do the work. ¦ "Destroy tho
cause, you remove the effect."
tively Kills the Dandruff Germ.
A Clinical Preparation That Posi-
IMPORTANT SCIENTIFIC DIS-
CO VEHY.
Orizaba Coffee
50c Pound.
% nteheet flavored ceffee grown. We &r«
idle agenti.
Kona Koffee Kompany
143 STOCKTON STREET,
Opposite City ef Paris.
Phene-Quah HO.
There is no fuel that will compare with coke
Delivered in . any quantity. Country orders
solicited. P. A. McDONALD. 813 Folsom et
Cheap, Clean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and Cooking. ;
COKE! COKE!
JU&TfSE2&.£->ma.
AMUSEMENTS. ~
BEi^SCO^aTeiJULCS^^
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
TO-NIGHT and Sunday Ev'b— Last Times
The Greatest Naval Urania Ever Written,
THEMAN=O'=
WARSMAN.
AS ACTUAL NAVAL BATTLE.
A Wonderful and Inspiring Scene.
Startling Climaxes. Thrilling Situations..
DDirtC Evening* 10c. 15c, 25c, 35c, Me
rfillEJ Matinees ...10c, 15c. 23o
Next Monday— "T^E SLEEPING CITT."
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY. March" 29.
Parquet, 25c. any seat; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any art except reserved, 10c
STRENUOUS VAUDEVILLE!
Papinta; Frank Lincoln; Simon,
Gardner and Company; The Melani
Trio; Gorman and Keppler, and the
Biograph, Showing California Pic-
tures. Last times of Fanny Rice;
Hedrix and Prcscott, and Les
Troubadours Toulousians.
EVENINGS AT S SnAKP.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2 SHARP.
DON'T FAIL TO BEE IT.
THIS WEEK and NEXT— LAST of
Tht Famous Musical Success,
THE
Serenade!
MONDAY, APP.IL 7,
"The Fortune Teller."
POPULAR PRICES— 23e. 6Oo and Tftc
Tflrphon* Hu»h 0.
vUkUBfSDIM lEADIMO THEAIEI
Powell Street, near Market.
matineeFto-day.
TO-NIQUT. BUNDAY NIOHT and ALL
NEXT WEEKJ
cnorjvious successes
I nfc IMMENSE PnODUCTION,
¦¦•*-* Hall Calne'i Groat Play.
CHRISTIAN.
BDWARO MORGAN
»•»•;• Ai John Storm (hit original rait). »;*'?"
Aaclsted by ELB1B LESLIE aa Glory Quart*.
Coming— K. fi. WILLARD. In 'Th> Cardinal."
MATINEES TO-DAT AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OP
hi a TAQr A ?'
Beginning' MONDAY EVENING NEXT,
Third Wee* of Our $1000 Star,
MELBOUhNE/MACDUWELL
Supported br FLORENCE STONE.
In Pardou's Grandest Spectacular Play,
*'THt EMPRESS THEODJR A."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 16c, 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c
LAST TIMES— MATINEE TO-DAT and
TO-NIGHT,
The Express.
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
AL. G. FIELD
GREATER MINSTRELS.
BEATS NOW SELLING.
COMINO-
THE GREATEST OF THEM ALL.
WILLIAMS & WALKER'S
BIG COMPANY-
B*la*co A Thall, Managers.
A GREAT HITl
LABT 2 NIQHTB.
The Brightest and Clevereet Comedy This Tear,
MATINEU TO-DAt AND BUNDAT.
ON AND OFF.
CBB TUB mOKMUAl'll THAT ACTS! 1
A rt'NNT SHOW-A GHBAT CAST.
riUCEi. ...... .166, gfte, 8&o, 60s afid TSa,
Monday— ••firtOTIfBn JOHN."
FISCHER'StwI
u'Parreli, t>*»- tftorktgn «>i»i Hgwell hums,
Y^lept»on« Main 831.
only This
25 CENTS A -. IIIId
anywhere Afternoon
1 LITTLE CHRISTOPHER |
That has made euch a tremendous hit. New
everything and bo much good music the town la
•rhlstllriK it. Another Matinee to-morrow.
Reserved eeata at night, 1:5c and 60c. Chll-
Sren at Matinee*. 10c.
Remember when we open the gale for our ,
treat Weber 4 Field eeasoif next Thursday
Bornlnp. Watch the long line.
NORRIS & ROVmT
Big Trained Animal
Shows
-AT THE—
MECHANICS'. PAVILION. '
TO-DAT and TO-MORROW— LAST!
Afternoons and Evenings at 2:15 and 8:15. *
Positively the Largest. Handsomest and Best
Trained Aggregation of Animal* In
the World.
ADMISSION* — Adults. 25c: Children. 10c
rv" . Phone South 720 for Seats. ; ¦
MAX HEINRICH,
BASSO AND PIANIST.
JULIA HEINRICH,
CONTRALTO.
At SHSRMAN-CLAT; HALL,
text TUESDAT and THURSDAT EVEN-
INGS and Saturday Afternoon.
Fa!* of Seats opens thts morning at Sher-
oan. Clay & Co.'e, where complete programme
jay b« obtained. 75c, $C $1 50.
Weekly Call.Sl.QQ per Year
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Dcfirablc location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
vice and modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular with
tourists and travel-
ers who visit San
Francisco.
Established 1823.
•TAKE JOSEPH. Representative, 300 Battery Street. 8an Fraactic*
• . ¦ .
Races, start at 2:15 p. m. sharp. '
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at i2 m. and
12:30, J, 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting-
with ttalns stopping > at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no rmokin.tr. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. Alt trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and ' Broadway, Oakland. These . electric cars
«o direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave' the track at 4:ic
and 4:45 P. m. and . immediately after. the laat
race. --**rUfc tMam'MB'WwM "tidjftMtM^BErt'
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES P. PRICE, Secy, and M«r.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
gl&fc RACING
ss^NfisS^sisJ** Every Week Day—
-IBr Rain or Shine;
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
• Does anyone suppose that the young wife of President Jakeman, whoso
portrait we are permitted to publish, would allow us this great privilege if
she had not been so over- joyed at her own recovery that she now wants to be
of service to her suffering sisters ? No, indeed ! no money can purchase such
testimony, only a grateful heart full of a desire to help other sufferers could
induce a young woman of such high social position to allow her name to bo
used in connection with any remedy.
How is it possible for us to make it plainer that Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound will t positively help all sick women? All women
are constituted alike, rich and poor, high and low, — all suffer from the same
organio troubles. Surely, no one can wish to remain weak and sickly, dis-
couraged with life and no hope for the future when proof is so unmistakable
that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound will cure monthly
suffering— all womb and ovarian troubles and all the ills peculiar to women.
If there is anything in your case about which yon would
like special advice, write freely to Mrs. Pinkham. She can surely
help you, for no person in America has such a wide experience in
treating female ills as she has had. Address is Lynn, Mass. ; her
advice is free and always helpful.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.MEMBERS OF THE WEBER &
'FIELD BURLE^QUK COMPANY
WHICH OPENS AT FISCHER'S.'
The next lecture 'in the series now be
ing held atithe Mechanics' Institute will
be given to-night by Professor John
Fryer of the University of California.
The lecture will be part first on the sub
ject of "The Great Yangtse "Valley" " of
China," and will be Illustrated by stere
optlcon views. . Professor 'Fryer will give
part second of the same lecture next Sat
urday.
Mechanics' Institute I#ecture.
Cornelius O'Brien was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Con-
Inn yesterday on the charge of assault to
tnurder. Ho cut Edward Alvarado of 519
Vallejo street with a knife on March 17.
Jong Din Hin was held to answer by
Mokiui on a charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. He struck his brother
with a cleaver at 710 Jackson street on
March 24 because his brother was making
a. noise and disturbing the other roomers
in the house. ,
Defendants Held to Answer.
Mrs J. Bertx. 1326 Hayes street: Mrs. O.
B. Burns, 8 Ellis street: Miss 8. E. Cowell,
413 Hyde street; Mrs. Jame* Elder. 3402 Clay
street; Mrs. William Frank, Menlo Park; Mrs.
William U. Qerstle, 2340 Washington street:
Mrs F V. Wright, northwest corner Pine and
Stockton streets; Mrs. \J. U Oould, IS10 En
clnal avenue. Alameda; Mra. William Hollis,
750 Oak street: Mrs. W. E. Jackson. St. Nich
olas Hotel; Mrs. IT. K. Law, 1520 Vallejo
street: Mm. W. S. I>>ake. Palace Hotel: Mra.
Quy E. Manning. 3G7B Clay street; Mrs. A. H.
Martin, 3434 Clay street: Mrs. S. B. McLene
gan, corner Sixth avenue and East Eleventh
street, Oakland; Mra. H. E. Osborne, 1014
Paru street, .Alameda;, Miss Maude \>' Connor.
Hotel Richelieu: Mrs. E. F, Preston. Palace
Hotel: Miss Adelaide Pollock, 000 Broderlck
street; Mrs. Oeorge Bperry. 2123 California,
street: Mrs. J. J. Spleker. 2100 Devlsadero
street; Mrs. William Thomas, 2614 Pacific ave
nue.
A rummage Bale Is being arranged for
the benefit of the San Francisco Nursery
for Homeless Children at Mission and
Twelfth streets. The proceeds will be ap
plied on the. Lake-street lot recently pur
chased. The sale, will begin on the 12th
of April and the place will be decided
within a few. days. The board of man
agers solicit clothing of all descriptions,
suits, dresses, shirt- waists, under cloth
ing, • hats, bonnets, caps, shoes, hose,
neckties, ribbons, belts, gloves, children's
clothing of every description, furniture,
carpets, rugs, curtains, ornaments, dl3hes
und toys, in fact anything you do not
want. Nothing is too old. If any one
making ud a bundle will notify any of
the board of managers they will serd for
It. s The ladles having the affair In charge
are:
of AH Descriptions for Bum-
N mage Sale. '*. ;
Hoard of Managers Solicit Clothing
BENEFIT. ARRANGED FOR;
- SAN ~ FRANCISCO NURSEXiT
McEnerney said that he expected one
day to see a -law enacted which would
make cremation compulsory. He dis
cussed a' Boston case, in which it was
held that crowded cities had the right. to
prohibit burials, while the same privilege
was denied to sparsely settled communi
ties. The argument* will be resumed
Tuesday afternoon, when the matter will
be nnally submitted for decision.
It la established by abundant 'authority that
burials, may be prohibited In portions of muni
cipalities.* There is renam why this should
be the case. -The advance of urban -population
or the proximity of cemeteries to private real
donces demand their removal. It you can ex
clude cemeteries from one section "of the city
you can exclude them from another. The pro
hibition of burials in cities is a. law older than
the Christian era. It was one- of the laws
promulgated by the Twelve Tables that tha
dead could not be burled- within the walla' of
Rome. This was COO years before Christ. ' It
shows that the- abiding; .places of the living
and the dead should be widely, separated. -.-->
¦ The . very, authorities cited by' the learned
counsel on the othei-. side in -support of the
contention that the ordinance is unreasonable
admit the right of -municipalities to abolish
cemeteries. This may be. done not on the sole
ground that N the cemeteries are nuisances, but
on the additional ground that their abolish
ment is a proper . exercise of the police power,
of the legislative body of a municipality.. I
hold that this Dower has been conferred upon
the Hoard of Supervisors of San - Francisco,
and It ¦ la conceded by the other side: that
municipalities have the right, to exercise -pow
ers conferred upon them by the Legislature.
Attorney McEnerney, who represents
the Board of . Supervisors, resumed his
argument and proceeded to show why in
his opinion the ordinance was valid, and
should be upheld. .He contended that
municipalities : were privileged \to exercise
the same police powers in matters affect
ing them that the Legislature has in
State matters. Resuming he said in part:
Considerable/interest is 'being taken in
the outcome of the litigation inalmuch
as a judgment of the court declaring the
ordinance valid willr close -the cemeteries.'
The case a't bar is the: appeal of George
K. Fletcher, superintendent of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery, who was fined $100 for :
violating. the provisions of the ordinance.
Kvery effort is > being made by a strong
array of attorneys retained by the ceme
teries to have the judgment reversed and
the ordinance declared invalid. •
The argument on 'the constitutionality
of the ordinance prohibiting burials in the
city and county- of San Francisco was re
sumed before Judges Cook, Dunne and
Lawlor sitting in bank yesterday.;' i >
Says Prohibition of Inter
ments in Municipalities -
Should Be Upheld. ;
McEnerney Argues Upon
•Cities' - Exercise of
Police Power. *"*
CLAIMS BORIAL
ORDER IS VALID
George: W. Dickie of .the ,Unloh .Iron
Works will deliver a lecture this evening
at Academy of Sciences'; Hall on the sub
ject, "The • Feud Between the ' Employer
and. the Employed." .Thelecture will be
riven under the auspices of the Economic
b ***— . .'.:¦*¦
To lecture on Labor Troubles.
: At a special meeting of the Chamberiof
Commerce held yesterday it" was decided
to . request Mhe California delegation *, at
Washington, D..C, to use every effort to
secure s the passage of. the Lovering bill,
which alms to " simplify the matter of - se
curing • the ' rebate on Imports -which nre
again exported. It Is requested that
sugar be added : to the , list of ¦¦¦ products
mentioned in the bill,' in > order, that Cali
fornia s cannery ¦ Interests may ; v be ' fur
thered. Appropriate resolutions ''on /the
fleath or A. Gerberdlnif were ado* ted.
Chamber of Commerce Meets.
• George H. Boqth ' appeared \ in - : Judge
Fritz's court I yesterday on a 'charge " of
obtaining money . by • false .pretenses.' , He
is accused by ; W.'B. Payne, 'a conductor
on the Kearny-street' line,". with obtaining
from -him $31 by representing that* ' his ¦
uncle, . George .Greene, -at -Washington,
D. C, could get a Government position
for. Payne, and the money was needed to
pave the way. Paynt claims that the rep
resentations were false. It is alleged that
several- other conductors' have , been vlc
titmlzed-by.Booth in the same way. Tbo
case was partly- heard yesterday and ' con«
tinued till to-day.' . : ¦-.-.
Claims He Was Swindled.
John. Held, a guest at the St. Nicholas
Hotel, swore to 1 : a " complaint in 'judge
Fritz's court yesterday charging Julian
Condol with obtaining money by false
pretenses.- • Condol i until January 13 was
an agent of the Metropolitan Life Insur
ance Company at Stockton, when he was
asked to send in his resignation. He came
here and it is alleged collected premiums
from Held and others ¦ by . • representing
that he was still Jn the employment of the
company. ' • ¦ ¦ . ' * • ' . - - - - - : ¦ ¦ •
Illegally Collects Premiums.
Three Members of -the Board Who
Voted for High Water Hates
ATe Crltici|ied.
'At a meeting: of the Iroqiiols Club, held
last night at the headquaYters In Pythian
Castle, resolutions were adopted con
demning the action of three Democratic
Supervisors In voting for the water order
recently passed by the board. The com
mittee on resolutions brought In a ma
jority and a minority report on the sub
ject and quite a heated debate ensued.
Finally, after considerable argument, the
minority report, charging;- the three
Supervisors in question with . having
broken their pledge, and calling upon the
next . Democratic « convention to . refrain
from nominating them again, was adopted
by a unanimous vote of. the club. A reso
lution favoring the passage of the bill in
creasing the pay of letter-carriers was
also adopted.
IROQTJOIS CLUB.: REBUKES
DEMOCRATIC SUPERVISORS
The military authorities . are confident
that wireless telegraphy will solvo -,the
perplexing problem of -Alaskan communi
cation. A system has -been in operatloji
between Alcatraz Islandtand Fort Mason
for nearly two years and gives perfect
f-atlsfactlon. It Is hence expected' that
the. new project will be carried'out,with
out any difficulty. '".¦.' ' . ."'¦
Preliminary and final' tests -before offi
cers of the Signal Service must be made
on the Atlantic. CoaBt. before any of the
bidders can attempt to install their t-ys
lems. . ,. ¦ : ; ;
Captain Morse, Chief Signal Officer of
the Department of California, received
orders from the- War Department yester
day to open negotiations for the installa
tion of a system of wireless telegraphy
between army stations in Alaska. . Gi eat
difficulties have- been experienced', in
Alaska in attempting ¦ to •¦ maintain- tele
graphic communication between the' va
rious posts/ The severe .storms which
prevail in that section of. the country
throw down poles _ so ¦ of ten that ' that
method • of telegraphing has proved use
less. .The underground system- has: been :
tried and has also proved 'of no practical
value. It is deemed necessary . by.<-ttie
War Department . that some means .of
communication, between stations be estab
lished and so wireless telegraphy pro
moters are to be given an opportunity to
show what they can dp. . - - ¦-':.-'
-There are. .four routes mentioned. Route
vA" is to be between Fort Davis at Nome
City and some point : on Stuart -Island,
ninety miles distant. Route VB" vis .the
1-referable alternative 'of route "A"- and
is to extend from. Fort Davis to Fort. St.
Michael on St. Michael's Island, approxi
mately 108 miles distant. Koute -'C". f is
to extend from Rampart to Winter, House,
on Tanana River, or some other conven
ient and suitable place near, the mouth of
Delta River, 136 miles distant. Routo."D,"
the preferabl* alternative of route ; "C,"
Is to extend from Fort Gibbon: to some
point on Tanana,' which is 1C5 miles dis
tant. The station- at the latter -place
must be at or near the mouth of Delta
River, or at Bates Rapids and must be at
some point . accessible : to . boats. -; •
It is required that the system be ¦ in
stalled on route' "A" or route "B" ' by
September. 1 and oh route "C'.or "D"- : by
October-!. **
¦ Sheriff Lackraann '. .was authorized to
enter Into a contract with J. OUva for
the rental of thirty-four acres of land In
front' of Jail No. 2. In return for the use
of the land Oliva agrees to furnish vege
tables to the three county Jails. ...
Police Commissioner Newhall and Chief
of Police Wlttman addressed' the.commit
tee In favor of the proposal to provide. for
the stabling of the police ' patrol horses
and wagons by the city in a municipal
building. The committee will: recomtaend
that a sum be set aside for that purpose
in the next' budget; Chief Wlttman stated
that the -present cost for stabling was $20,
per month for. each horse, and it Is fig- \
ured that If the city build Its own stable
the cost will be but (8. The Chief of Po
lice will make an estimate of the. cost of
the innovation and report to the commit
tee. ¦•*• . • , -.. ,...¦¦¦¦,
The committee reported in favor. of the
Mayor's recommendation that the position
of cashier be created in the license de
partment of the Tax Collector's office at
a salary of $150 per month. Brandensteln
opposed the ordinance on the subject on
tne ground that the appointment should
come from the civil service list. Super
visors Wilson and Loughery: voted In fa
vor of the passage of the ordinance. Hugo
Herzer will be appointed to the place.
Tax Collector Smith requested that the
license orders be revised in order. that -he
may proceed against certain people; who
evade payment of licenses." Among these
are storers of petroleum, railroad ticket
agents and advertising agents. . Smith
was instructed to act under the ordinances
as he finds them. ' •-* ' •
The Supervisors' Finance ' Committee
recommended last night that the building
of a new County Jail, to replace the
Broadway structure '' be ' incorporated In
the proposed bond issue for municipal
Improvements. The proposition was fa
vored by- Police Commissioner Newhall
and Chief of Police Wlttman, who were
present at the meeting.' Chairman Bran
densteln declared the present building a
disgrace to the . community.
¦ McEnerney referred to Attorney. John S.
Partridge, '.who was present as the repre
sentative of the prospective bidders. Par
tridge said that he was in court as a
representative of a syndicate now being
formed for the' purpose of purchasing the
property in question. He said the syndi
cate w,ould offer more than $300,000 for the
land as soon as its organization was com
pleted, which would be in the course of
the next few days.
-Judge Coffey, thereupon refused to con
firm the sale and postponed action in the
matter until next Wednesday.
Louis Llpman - and- Isaac Llebes, .who
with several other prominent merchants
of this'jeity made an offer, of 5300,000 for
twelve blocks of land,. near the Affiliated
Colleges, , belonging to j the Sutro . estate,
will not get the property 'unless they in
crease .their bid or the plans of a certain
syndicate now in course of organization
fall. The bid for the property was made
by them several weeks ago and the mat
ter came up for confirmation In Depart
ment 9 of the Superior Court, yesterday.
An objection was made, to the confirma
tion of -the sale by Attorney Garret Mc-
Enerney, . who, ¦ as representative of five
of the Sutro heirs, announced that If the
sale was postponed for a few days ' he
Would secure an offer at least ten per
cent higher than the bid of Messrs. Lip
man and Liebes. .••-.' '
Building May Replace
the Old Broadway \
Institution.
Sale of Land Near %
College Tract.
Sut'ro Heirs Object to
Wireless Telegraphy, to
Be Installed in
Alaska.
POSTS TO WE
COMMUNICATION
FAVOR A NEW
COUNTY JAIL
SAN FRANCISCO is shortly to Bee
one . of the foremost burlesque
companies In America at Fisch
er's.' The management has en
gaged a company of artists direct
from Weber & Field's Music Hall. New
York, with which to open the burlesque
season, Monday - evening, April 7.
"The first burlesque to be presented will
be "Fiddle-Dee-Dee," which has had a
successful run of v more than twelve
"Fiddle-Dee-Dee" is' a most pretentious
ecenic production and will be put on here
with the exactness characteristic of all
Weber & Field's burlesaues. ' •
Judging from reports the play will Un
doubtedly meet the approval of San Fran
cisco's tneater-eoers. • .
The dialogue and lyrics of "Fiddle-Dee-
Dee" are by Edgar Smith and the music
by John Stromberg. There are two strlk-
months in New York. It .was the one
big hit of the Pan-American Exposition
at Buffalo.
, Young Lady Minstrels.
Youngr Ladles' Institutes Xos. 1. 2 ami 3
have Joined forces and will jrtve a grand
minstrel entertainment in Odd Fellows'
Hall on the night of April 11.
"Will Entertain Soldiers.
Seven Pines Circle of the Woman's Re
lief Corps cf the O. A. R. has arranged
for an entertainment to be given In Pio
neer Hall on the evening of the 31st inst.,
in aid of Its fund for the relief of the vet
erans of the Civil War who are In dis
tress by reason of sickness or inability
to perform manuaftlabor. An interesting
programme of entertainment will be pre
sented.
SYNDICATE WILL
RAISE THE BID
Ing scenes and' the stage settings are be
ing expressly arranged for the production
by well-known artists, and what with the
wealths of I catchy music, pretty girls im
ported from Hroadwuy. gorgeous cos
tumes, new dances and efficient orchestra
there is no -reason why the production
should not prove one of the big successes
of the neason.
Here are a few of the novelties offered
for consideration: "The Posev Girls,"
"The Mexican Dancers," "The Shirt
Waist Boys," "The Manicure Girls,"- "The
Gendarmes," "Hoffman Barr'a String of
Beauties,"- "The Travesty on the Floro-.
dora Sextet," "The Wonderful Acting St.
Bernard Dog," < "Anthony and Cleopatra
Burlesque" nnd the* Weber & Field com
edians and comediennes. Including Harry
James, who for ten years has-been iden
tified with all the Weber & Field plays;
Maud Amber, who U Indorsed as a'suc
cessful rival of the musical Lillian Rus
'stell: Barney Bernard, a whimsical He
brew Impersonator: Bolb and Dill, Ger
man mimics, who are said to equal Weber
and >Field,' and Harry Hermsen and Wini
fred Blake, comedians. . '.
It Is the intention of the management
to put on a travesty In conjunction with
each of the principal productions and
from the amount of money expended and
. the acknowledged excellence of the at
. tractions a merry and prosperous time
may be safely anticipated at Fischer's
pretty theater on O'Farrell street.
A programme Is being prepared consist
ing of addresses by Mayor Schmltz, Mrs.
Alexander Sharon of the California Club.
Albert Curlln of the Pacific Turn Bezirk,
Supervisor Brandensteln and School Di
rector Mark. There will be an open air
concert from 2:30 to 4:30 p. m.
The playground is 275 'feet square and
Is fully equipped with all necessary out
door apparatus. There are - handball
courts, a gymnasium, race track, rings
and swings. On Saturday, April 12. the
San Francisco Turn Vereln will exemplify
the German-American system of physical
education on the grounds.
The Board of Education has Issued In
vitations to the opening of the Children's
Public Playground located at Seventh
and Harrison streets, Saturday, April 5,
at 2 p. m.
Board of Education to Hold Exercises
.at Which Mayor Schmitz Will
Deliver an Address.
W I LTt OPEN" CHUBUEU'S
PUBLIC YLA-YOrROTTtTD
"Fiddle Dee Dee," a ; Pretentious Scenic Production, Which Has Had ¦ a
Successful Run of More Than twelve Months ioJYew York City and
Made a. Big Hit at the Exposition, Will Be the First Burlesque Presented
WEBER AND FIELDS BRIGHT-STARS
TO SHINE AT FISCHER'S THEATER
TO LIMIT HEIGHT
OF THE FENCES
Supervisors' Committee
Favors Restricting
Ordinance.
Considering Proposal to Stop
Building of Tall Frame
StruQturea
• The Supervisors' Judiciary Committee
decided yesterday to report In favor of
a new ordinance limiting the height of
advertising fences that may be hereafter
built to ten feet in height. The ordi
nance is not Intended to apply to fences
already built that exceed ten Xeet in
height. L. D. Owens, a bill poster, stated
that since the passage of the old ordi
nance, which had been declared Invalid,
only one twenty-foot fence had been
erected in order to test the ordinance.
The improvement in property was lessen
ing the number of twenty-foot fences al
ready In existence in a marked degree,
Owens said. Owens agreed not to put
up any more fences exceeding ten feet in
height, but objected to being compelled
to take down twenty-foot fences already
bunt. -:." > ! : :
The Supervisors* Joint Committee on
Judiciary. Fire and Building met yester
day and agreed to recommend for pass
age the new building ordinance aa recom
mended by a special committee of archi
tects, builders and Insurance men. The
committee decided, however, to reduce
the limit of height of frame buildings
from 60 feet, as proposed by the ordi
nance, to iu feet, the rmasuiemei.t to be
made to the roof boards. This limit is
live feet less than that provided for In
the present law.
Before submitting the ordinance to the
Board it will be referred to "Walter S.
Malloy, who has been appointed as an
expert to codify the existing ordinances,
for the purpose of revising the measure.
Malloy will make a progress report in two
weeks. Alter the ordinance has been re
vised It will be printed In the form of a
building code.
The Supervisors' Joint Committee on
Judiciary and Police -met yesterday and
agreed to refer to the City Attorney for
his opinion as to their validity the ordi
nances submitted by the Police Commis
sion and Intended to make un:awlul the
playing of poker for money in any place
where liquors are sold and also prohlblt
$ Ing any person from becoming an inmate
of any place where poker is played, ex
cept* it be played In a private dwelling.
Supervisor lirandenstein- suggested that
the ordinance be referred to the City At
torney for his legal opinion. Supervisor
Comic favored the passage of the ordi
nances and the courts could then pass
on their validity.
The Supervisors' Health Committee
recommended yesterday that the eight
acres of land offered by the Bay View
Land Company for a pesthouue site be
purchased for JSOOO. The company refused
to accept the offer of the board of $5600
for seven acres, and stated that the low
est price it would sell at would be JSOOO.
The Supervisors' Judiciary and Finance
Committee yesterday considered the pro
posed ordinance providing for the ap
pointment of a bookkeeping expert at a
ealary of $250 per month, whose duty it
Khali be to Investigate the books of the
quasi-public corporations, whose rates for
light and water are fixed by the Board
of Supervisors. Comte opposed the ordi
nance because it fixes the salary and the
period of employment. Brandensteln fav
orcd ;hc ordinance and it was agreed to
recommend that, the Finance Committee
be empowered to employ an expert, but
his compensation and time of employ
ment shall be Hxed by the Board of
Supervisors.
Lectures on Exclusion.
The Unity Club of San Francisco nave
a lecture last night at Golden Gate Hall.
The subject was "Chinese Exclusion From
the Chinese Standpoint." The lecture was
ably given by Ng Poon Chew. He sought
to Bhow why the Chinese should not be
excluded from the United States, and said
the Chinese question has been misinter
preted, mistaken and misunderstood. Con
tinuing, he said that since the Chinese
Jiave been assailed by most of the powers
of the world and incessantly harassed
they have been seeking other places In
which they might live In peace, and con
sequently come to the United States, the
freest country on the face of the earth.
Tills, along with the gold fever, the build-
Ing of railroads and the agricultural In
dustry, has been the greatest inducement
to Chinese to come to this country. They
are a necessity to the Industrial world, as
they can do work that the white man
cannot. The . country could absorb two
million yellow men to Its advantage.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SATURDAY, MAKCH 20, ' 190 2
8
AD VEETISE3OE1TTS.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AH CLO AKD WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW3 SOOTHING SYRUP
ha* been used for over SIXTY -.TEAItS by
MIUJONS of MOTHERS for thPlrCHILDREV
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERKJECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTEXS
the GUMS, ALLATS all PAIN; CORES WIND
COLIC, and it the b*Jt rtmedy for DIAR.
RliOEA. Sold by Druggists in every part of
the world. Be rure and. a sic for ' ' "¦
KRS. WINSL0W3 E00THINO SYHUP
XSX> TAKEKO OTHER- KIND.
TVentv-Five Cents a Uotflo.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
1 C& :c::K4xirT:T.fci.£±*7t!,s.rc;i. l
.tjT JP*. ljt *F* t AtatomiaU MiKeom in tfce
I _ rfrs^. 2 O " A w «*k"«»e* M *nf contf»ete«l ,
¦ S w' *^» < * P»»tU*~l, rmr »4 hj the olde.t '
» /BS5 f !»peculia on ihe Cout. LxL 36 jnn. i
' VZSZk DB# « l0R 0AH-DISEA3ES CF MEN ,
1 I »% J Tr«t»«it peno»!l r rr by letter. A 1
\W \lf ***** .'
IT II H ( U rr " for Bnnk. PHILOIOPBV at ,
n I ai * n " CE ' MAILED FREE. (A<
Q (I valuable book far men)
»«*• 4onDAX*«'O..105Iil»rkctSt.8. F. I
8©eoGee©o«©eeeooo3Q©GQeQO©ee©3©*o©oGoe3©o©fcoo®e»oeo©eoo©<»©oo©©»o©©3o
! TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY. |
8 Every person contracting to take the "CALL" for six (6) N m:nths can secure a •
2 $15.00 Set of , •
i "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE" !
I FprS3.2O. ]
S Cannot be bought elsewhere for less than the regular-Subscription price of $i 5. 0
S An invaluable addition to every library!
2 An ornament to any drawing room! - S
S A source of 'instruction and enteptailiment for old and young, S
8 yielding the # delights of travel without its inconveniences. 8
I THE GALL^S SPECIAL OFFER. j
3 AS SEEN AVITH CAMERA ANIVPENC1L. 8
*."• . ' . V . v : \ INTRODUCED BY 8
1 MAJOR-QENERAL JQSEPH WHEELER, I
%\ 'v;Vr, - ... ¦'. -• :: •¦•.' .' •• : .\ UNITED STATES ARMY. * V g
l X . ' ¦ ¦ . ' • - With Spcciar Descnjstive^ Matter and Narratives by - ©
»" -WJO'SB DE OLIVARES, §
8 .;., The Noted Authorand War Correspondent ' J
©'< Author of 'TPhe Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of LopTz." 'The Last of The AnguiHes," and other West Indian 8
41 ¦•'. : ¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦¦\--'- ¦: ••:•;'¦¦/•- ' Stories. ¦ ¦'. - .- <9
®^-.-i-v^>v;-" : -v;«vv; ¦¦-.:-, ;¦• .• '•: . ¦-. i; _ — r-^'-- ¦ .- ;. . . .. ¦ e
8 EMBRACING NPERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE £
«{. PEOPLE AND. THE.ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII S
Iv.s .../AND. THE. PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC- S
0 x TIONS. HOMES OF THE PEOPLE, THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP- - &
V PEARANCE, WITH -MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF^LANDSCAPES. «»
® . .: : • V ;- RIVERS. VALLEYS. HILLS AND MOUNTAINS* SO COM- »
g . PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL- * g
2 . \ ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE 2
."5%j^H "..:/•"¦ J. .'•:'¦,¦- :¦:'.•;.•¦¦•¦.¦¦'¦'•¦.¦': pictured page. . |
'I With a, special consideration of the conditions. that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor. ©
x " ' Thurston,. Money and numerous prflminent. writers and corresoondents. and a comparison with conditions aa. ®
J; they now exist. '_ , -' ' ¦"'¦ : .- ¦' - •' ¦¦ : • . \ .' . §
9 > .'¦ " '"••• ¦'¦.- ¦'¦ . •" ¦ -¦¦ ' '^'I.- . ¦-¦,¦ v gk
• .„.. '. , ' Edited and- arranged by ©
S . .; .¦ T7^7" TVk/T "E? "V A TvT °
•.' Author of "Footprints of the World's History," '"Heroes and Heroines [ol America," "America's War for Hu- •
| WALTER Bi: TOVVNSjEND, f Rnr^FOuT^^Q. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS. |
$ .. ; - COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES. o
• y . . :; REGULAR PRICE $ is .oo PER 1 SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET. J
9 'Superbly illustrated v with more than Twelve Hundred Special ;PhotoKraphs. Colortypes and new Colored Mat*. §
— — — i !¦¦! ii^M 1— ¦ S»« !—¦¦»»— ¦¦^—¦m
GOPT.MHT .... .» TH« WgOTI. • •«.«.! C OC.MT. . '
A CALCULATION. "
S3ZTSHEN you arc ready to buy, stop and com-
i £&! / pute the cost of the soap used by your
Sfilkb household in a day, a week or a month,
"'•Hr^fflll" a nrl : fAi. ffu> slight difference, in. price you
will never -forego the pleasure of using the purest
! soap made, that is, Ivory Soap, p
It is the most inexpensive of pure soaps. You
need no knowledge of chemistry to realize this
purity, use it and you will know. It floats.
Rich and Rare
It is hard to describe the
¦ exquisite flavor, so mellov
and delicious, of
Fn Hunter
JS^ffi'tlfffi^^ judge aynd
CTKRISTT * WISH COMICESJO* CO., Ine-
SS&3SCUiforni*8t^aanPi«nelaoo,GLllZ
Telephone Main Ki. ..
ADVERTISEMENTS.SALINAS. March . 2?.-iSeveral days aga
there was; arrested In the Sur country 3
"wild. man," >who proved to; be a sUght'y
demented person. John Frnjak of Snn
Francisco ! - to-day identified the prisoner
as his brother. • • -
IDENTIFIES "WILD; MAN"
AS ' HIS MISSING BROTHER
OAKLAND, ; . March .28.— Licenses to
marry •; were . issued v to-day to .Charles
Klembt, aged 27, and Annette M. Jasper
son," 23,. both. of. Oakland; August. Moller,
32,*' Oakland, and- Mary *L." Callender; \?.2.
San; Franciscp,;: . Chamberlain, 29,
and : Edith "N.TTuett; 21,; both of
Licensed' to Many."
Wt> '' hereby - notify, you ; that the Rev. Jere
miah J. J Crowley,'-? whose - public- acts . and -. ut
terances have given grave scandal to the detri
ment of : religion,: is -in open rebellion, to -leffltl
mote 1. ecclesiastical v am l-orlty, therefore : any
priest of the diocese of Chicago who assists h!ra
by ", moral - or ' financial ~~- aid , or offers him t C n
couraEtment of ;any : !;lnd -whatsoever 'i3 '¦ lpso
facto , suspended. ' ¦- i"'. ', '¦";'.
..The-.letter/is signed by the Archbishop
and by: Chancellor. F.J. Barry. ,-
CHlCAGO,:March £8.— In air offlcial let
ter sent- to..' every ; Catholic priest- in ¦ Chi
cago" to-day; Archbishop' Feehan issued a
sweeping- order -in ,- the controversy, of
Rev. Jeremiah/J.' Crowley. and his; friends
with ' the - diocesan authority. The letter
reads: .... .A -; r V .:,'•"¦- . ¦ .. ¦ • • -..¦¦ ;' < . ¦• ¦•
Issues a" Sweeping Order.
'. Resides' the spirit* d- contest for United
States Senator, .the gubernatorial nomi
nation is a sharp bone of contention, with
Governor. Jefferson Davis contending for
a second term against E." r W. Rector, a
son* of the famous war Governor of:Ar
kansas. • In each ; of the seven Congres-
Eional : districts the voters will ; select a
nominee for. Congress. "•.:
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March' 28.— The
most eventful campaign in J. -Arkansas
Democratic ; annals, since 1674 closed to
night and to-morrow each of the seventy
five counties iv.ill hold a primary election
to determine their choice for 'United
States Senator and State and county of
ficers." ' Senator. James' K.- Jones,—chair
man of the Democratic National Commit
tee,'^ and former Governor «¦ James P.
Clark, who Is Democratic National Com
mitteeman: from Arkansas, are rival can
didates for the United States Senate," and
each has made a . thorough r canvass. . At
the respective headquarters in 4 this city
to-night . each ¦¦ side, with: apparent con
fidence,' claims victory to-morrow. The di-'
rect vote in r the- primary, 'elections will
govern Democratic nominations" for- the
Legislature at which Senator Jones' suc
cessor will 'be" chosen ' next < January. •' ¦'}¦''
Arkansas' DEiffiOCRATfii ¦ ;;; :' t ';'- : .
Jf -¦ CLOSE LTvTSLY CAMPAICrW
' Some person knowing . the -. fear the fe
male elephant has of a- mouse- set -the au
tomatic device in motion to see Its, effect.
The .pecplOt about .thq show suspect- a
young man v who has ¦ followed the com
pany lately, and they promise to make it
interesting for' him If they catch. him.
. Duchess, while relle,ye.d by the presence
of her trainer, .was by no, means calm and
Trainer - Norris • was at a loss to ; account
for. her actions. Finally the cause of. the
trouble was discovered. On the smooth
floor Just back of where tho elephants are
chained, a . mechanical .: mouse had -un
wound traveling about in a. circle. ¦: n
.There were a few- moments of excite
ment .late yesterday afternoon in the ani
mals 1 , quarters of the Norris & Rowe's
trained . animal show. The, attendants
about the place were preparing to feed, the
animals, . when Duchess, the - female "j ele-.
phant, was noticed tugging hard at. her
chains. The colored keeper yelled to the
big beast and commanded her to behave
herself,^, but his! words only served to- in
crease her uneasiness. Suddenly Duchess
commenced a trumpeting that grew
stronger each I moment . and reached such
thunderous volume that it started , every
big:animal in the show in chorus.
-¦¦ It was not long before every man about
the " place . was attracted to the -' animal
quarters and each, used his endeavors to
quiet the now raging Duchess. - ; The wild
look • in the big-beast* s. eye kept any onq
from getting too ¦. close and it was only
when Mr.', Norris ran in that Duchess
showed any signs of. quieting.. During all
the excitement Hero and Fargo, the male '
elephants, • tried . to comfort their compan
ion,, but without avail. ¦ .. ,-.-
AtTTOMATK* MOUSE PLAYS
HAVOC) IN ELEPHANT CAMP
The three-story frame , factory was
owned by L. Van*Laack and was leasil
by the broom company., of which Loute
Feldmann is president and J. P. Hcnry
manager. The building and contenta were;
insured.. Spontaneous combustion; due to
the accumulation of. dust In a flue, ia
thought to be the cause of 'the*ifire. •
At 5 p. m.' the forty employes of ;thrs
factory left the building and half an hour
later flames were seen coming from .the
structure. An alarm was-sent in and
on the arrival of the -, fire department u
call was made for more nppanUus> owing
to the high wind prevailing and the. prox
imity of many dweilings-ti) the' factory.
Energetic work on this part of the nrenien
confined the flames 40 the factory, "rjew
ever.':* • -¦¦*-' '...'. '*¦ :.: A,s. .
The California Erooni Factory at 3179
. Seventeenth street was damaged by fire
last evening to the extent, 'of '55000. .
BROOM FACTORY DAMAGED'
. BY OUTBREAK 03? FIRE
[-' General '•¦ W. * H.' L. Barnes, . who' under
went-" an. operation . recently, ' has con
valesced*" sufficiently - be • able to get
down to- his office.. for -an hour or two
every: day. His physicians are still keep
ing him on liquid diet, but by > the begin
ning of .the week he will; probably be as
strong as ever. ' ".
General -Barnes Much Better.
The Wasp- of; this week is an especially
good number and contains - several notc
worthy": features. "'*; A well known' Federal
Jurist Is warmly criticized,"" and a story
is related # of how a local theatrical man
ager secured talent. The : dramatic
schools are given a Jouch-up, and politics
is: given more than passing reference.
The story of a rich divorcee is related.
Wasp Contains Noteworthy Featufer.
NEW YORK, March 2S.-The foliowins
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— Mrs. M. Dodd, at the "Hoff
man; Mrs. .Carney. Miss V. Carney. F.
Carney. J. E. Carney Jr.. W. F. Gard
myer, J.- Jerome, at the Imperial; Mrs. V.
C. Otte. at the New . Amsterdam; Miss
Frederick, Mi3s M. Frederick, at the Hol
land.
From San Jose— C. F. Fleming, at the
Herald Square.
Calif oraians in New Yorls.
Rabbi Voorsanger.. delivered the last 'of
his Friday 1 evening- winter lectures at the
Congregation Emanu-El last evening and
a large audience took advantage of his
promise to deliver an opinion on tho
Boers. and the war. He said' that he had
not changed his opinion as expressed three
years ago and reminded his hearers that
In- this^ country every one has a right to
his opinion and the expression of his sym
pathies. As a student of history he could
say that the matter would be fought out
between the politician? of England and
the politicians of the Transvaal. He sub
mitted that no large empire was to be
appropriated. by a handful of people, and
he expressed it.asi his -opinion that God
never meant a feudalism of small nations.
He demonstrated the necessity for col
onizing . and the great good England had
done m that direction, giving- opportunr-'
ties to mankind that. the overcrowding
of the older countries, needed, and with
out which there would be untold suffer
ing in the world. He believed that no
gate should be .shut on those who were
willing to enter a country. He lauded the
pluck and heroism of the Boer and hoped
that an amicable settlement- between tho
English : and : the ¦ Transvaalers would ¦ soon
be effected, as they were really one stock;
with one religion. In conclusion he prayed
that the war would be ended wtlh honor,
to both sides. • '
RABBI VOORSANGER SPEAKS
OF THE TRANSVAAL TROUBLE
.John C. Wilson, who was recently ap
pointed to the jJoaru of xiisernue »a^/
Commissioners, returned from New York
last evening. ...
Frank C. Drew of Elk is at the Palace.
Jesse D. Carr of Salinas Is at the Lick.
A. -W. Simpson of Stockton is at the
Palace.
D. T. Honeyman of Portland, Or., is at
the Palace.
E. H. Cox, a banker of Madera, is at
the Palace..
! H. P. Goodman, a banker of ICapa, is at
the Palace.
Mayor George E. Catts' of Stockton 'is
at the Lick. .
John Markley, former Bank Commis
sioner, is at the Lick.
: F.'I: Herron, an oil man of Los Ange
les, is at the Palace.
Oscar G. Rogers, a mining man of Ba
kersfield, is at the Lick.
Frank Schlesinger of the Uklah Observ.
atory is at the Occidental.
¦ General T. W. Sheehan, an attorney ot
Sacramento, is at the Palace.
I. - B. Macklnder. a prominent resident
of St. Helena, is at the Oranci.
PEB£O3STAi.
Albert West, Charles Vandeves and
Gussie Stoltz were arrested yesterday In
Los Angeles' by Detective O'Dea of this
city, and Detectives Auble and Hawley
of Loa Angeles. They are accused- of
committing;, the robbery „ at the /Hotel
Richelieu in San Francisco, by which Mrs.
Julius Kruttsehnltt lost jewelry valued at
siooo. - ¦¦••¦• ¦ ¦ •:.-:-¦. -.- ¦.'-> -v . J - :
Shortly after the robbery West, who
was a bellboy at the Richelieu, and Gus
sie Stoltz, .or Alice Stevens, as she now
¦calls herself, left ,the employ of the ho
tel. O'Dea ascertained that. .West i had
gone, to Lrf>s Angeles.; The detective went
to .Los .Angeles, and enlisted, the services
: of -"-the Police.- Department -of • that city.
The officers discovered West. at the Van
Nuys, whero ne was working as a bell
boy. He made a statement implicating
Fred Reed • of this .city, and then told
where the' Stoltz woman and Vandeves
were to be found. • • ; -. v .
Two of. the" gold watches taken from the
Kruttschhltt' apartments were recovered.
Vandeves and the woman reiterated the
story about Reed % and he was arrested in
this city -by Detective 'Ryan. He denies
having assisted .in the burglary."
.-¦O'Dea -will 1 , start ".for. this cUy with his
prisoners to-day or to-morrow.
ACCUSED OF LOOTING > :•
KRTJTTSCHNITT BOOMS
The cases of Charles Donnelly and Ed
ward Duncan, also convicted of Rice's
murder, -were called -yesterday,--;. but con
tinued till April 4. : v
The alEdavIts were sworn to by George
Smith, Charles G. Buckley, Mrs. E.' Cam
pargue, .Mrs. P. A. Johnson, Mrs. Mary
Rosenholz, Frank J. Murphy, Anton Ste
phana", F. X. Pierce, John A. Moore and
the defendant,. The most startling was
that of Pierce, who says he. is' a grain
handler at Port Costa. He claims to have
been on the same car with Buckley and
paw "China" Copland, whom he knew,
step off the car in front of Piatt and his
daughter and fire the shots . at Rice.
Moore was with him and after the shoot
ing they left the car and walked back to
the city, talking over what they should
do, and they decided not to appear as wit
nesses in the case. The case was contin
ued till April 4 for argument on the mo
tion.
William Buckley, convicted of murder
in the first' degree for th« - kiUing of
George W. Rice, the non-union machinist,
at Twentieth and Howard "streets, on Oc
tober 11, was up for sentence ¦ in Judge
Lawlor's court yesterday, when his attor
neys, R. Ferral and Frank J. Murphy, re
newed their motion for a new trial, and
tn support of the motion introduced a
number of affidavits tyirportlng to show
that "China" Copland was the man who
fired the shots into Rice's prostrate form
and not Buckley. '.
Court Continues Argument for a
Week.
Eeveral Affidavits Are Filed, but
To-day was the time set by Judge Og
den for a decision upon tne demurrer in
terposed by G. B. Daniels, Henry P. Dal
ton and the majority directors of the En
quirer Publishing Company to the original
OAKLAND, March 28.— Additional
charges were filed. to-day in. the
suit of D. Edward Collins against
G. B. Daniels, Dr. George (?. Par
» dee and Henry P. Dalton growing
out of the troubles of the Oakland En
quirer' . Publishing ;; Company. . : . _These
''charges 'took .the forrn'pf an'ijnended'a'nd".
-supplemental complaint filed by; Collins, in
¦which he' incorporates anqthef. series of
allegations in addition to the ones already
made. The most sensational of these
charges is that the Enquirer "Publishing
Company was used to borrow money .for
Henry P.' Dalton's owff use,' through" or-'
ders issued by Dalton as County Assessor
for printing to: be done at some tlxherin
the future, which; orders ."were discpunted
and cashed before the work was^.done.
The assertion Js j also , made that"- Dr.
George C. 1 Pardee paid off the Dariiels-
Enqulrer note. at' r the Central Bank: with
the money he raised at the Oakland'Bahk
of Savings. and that the'stock is now.un
der his control*' Attention is also called
to the statements of Dr. Pardee in his
deposition that he entered Into the nego
tiations for the purchase of the paper for
Daniels, while Hadley and I^each, with
whom he conducted the negotiations, were
given to understand that the paper was
being purchased by Dr. Pardee and Heriry
P. Dalton.
i .The.complalnt then sets forth the reor
ganization of the direct ory ' and the elec
tion of G. B. Daniels as general manager
The borrowing of *55,000 from the Centrai
Bank for the purchase of the 500 shares of
stock is cited, and Mr. Collins alleges that
neither Daniels nor Dfllton had the money
to, pay the interest upon i tho "notes. - He
also niakes the x follawirig revised charge
that, the | interest ': on the Daniels- Pardee-
Dalton note wa3 to be paid by the paper
through Diniels' 5500 salary: : —;•,. '
• That said Daniels .had no means ". wherewith
to pay said interest, as this plaintiff Is informed
and believes, and. therefore alleges the ¦ fact 'tn
be; and- further-, allege:*; that .said -Henry ' 1'.
Dalton, as -thla 'plaintiff is advised: and ¦¦ be
lieves, - and therefore alleges : the ' fact to .'be.
had no means wherewith to pay said interest.",
That on or about December 13, 1S03,- as thin
plaintiff - J ls r.advljHsd :a"hd 'bejieves, and therefore
alleges tho fact to be, a fraudulent scheme and
conspiracy - was : concocted between said • Henry
P. . Dalton," George C", Pardee and G.^ B. Daniels
'to furnish oufof the funds of, said corporation
sufficient- moneys ;> to; VQjf, -said monthly interest
without cost to tho "said G.'-'B. Daniels,- Henry
P.'. Dalton, and taid George ;C. Pardee:Individ
ually. . .--¦-.• ¦ - - .
That the said scheme so concocted as afore-
H.6\r .the Inteirest Was ; Paid.
Plaintiff further alleged that on
and at the time of the said George O.
Pardee and Henry P. Dalton acquir
ing nnld shares of stock, ns" herein
before alleged, the said G.Bi,Dan
ielp, a« tliis^plnintiff Is Informed and
believes, was insolvent, and was not
possessed offnny'raeang wheren-lth
to- purchase the said stock. -
¦'.'^-^L :•¦¦:-¦. '1 -¦"¦ *~> v --' \ ' •_ - - ¦ . . , .; "I
That tnin plaintiff hart no mcann of
nsccrtainlna: the real tiictu concern
ing: said ownemhlpof stodc, and ac
quired no positive knowledge there
of until within the three years last
pn«t, when he -was informed by var
ious person* that the said Daniels
was a. mere tool and employe and
trustee of natd George C. Pardee and
Henry P. Dalton m the corporation
defendant, and that they believed in
fact that the said George C. Pardee
and Henry P. Dalton were the renl
owners of snid Ktoolc; that no posi
tive information was aeqnlred con
cerning unid matter by tilts-plaintiff
until within the three months lnst
past, when v the deposition of George
C. PardeeV defendant herein, was
taken, and upon hi* oath the said
George C. Pardee did testify that he
negotiated .In hi» own name, for the
parchnse of said Rtoclc throngh the
defendant herein, Hadley, and did
represent to nim thnt he was pnr
chaBJlngr said «toelc for, himself and
Henry r. : Dalton, although at said
tlme.Jhe said (JeorRC C. Pardee-rtid
represent- and testify that he had
misrepresented the ifnets to said
Hiidley, and did testify that In fact
he was nctinar as the mere broker
and negotiator tor «aid G, n. Danielrt
1> sit that he had misrepresented and
concealed said facts from said Had
ley: That this plaintiff does not be
lieve said misrepresentation, "but
believes and allegros the real fact to
be; that the said > stock . was par
chased by said George C. Pardee and
said Henry P. Dalton, and canned to
be placed. In" the, name of said G.'i n.
DauielH for ulterior pnrpotes nnd
•motives hereinafter inore specifi
cally-set forth. . * ..
The. amended complaint -recites many
additional facts 'in regard to the owner
ship of the stock pf the Enquirer, facts
that. have evidently been secured from the
book3 of the corporation and which are
more, in detail and more accurate than
the alleg-ations in the original document.
The,ownershipjs said t* be^liyided as fol-
I0W5: Five hundred shares to G. B. Dan
iels, less one share each for two dummy
Sectors; 180 shares to D. Edward Col
lins, 64% shares to M.,de L. Hadley. and
014 shares to A. A. Denison. Daniels'
ownarship of the 500 shares is, of course
2?i?£ ei f , Par^ e and Dalton being charged
TV&nU f S5 l * rea \ ° Wner3 Of the stock -
Th? Ln^H mereIy * * trus tee for them,
ihe complaint contains the followinc
statement, based upon Dr. George C. Par
dee s deoosltion:
Real <"rwnersb.ip of Stbclc
complaint of Collins. J. B. Richardson
representing .Collins, applied early in the
day for permission to file an amended
complaint, which was granted. The docu
ment Wjas then placed 'on record and Judge
O&den. was notified of this fact. As. the
new, -complaint superseded the one to
which the -defendants, had demurred the
demurrer fell and -Judge Ogden ordered
It -stricken from the calendar. - ¦
-This puts the suit -where It originally
was at the. filing of the nrst complaint.
There will probably be more demurrers
and .more attempts to take, depositions
before Superior Judges and a general con
tinuation of the struggle that has got be
yond the cohnnes of Oakland and is inter
esting the entire State.
BUCKLEY'S MOTION FOB.'
NEW TRIAL IS RENEWED
ASSESSOR WHO IS CHARGED WITH OBTAINING MONEY BY GIVING
ORDERS TOTHS ENQUIRER PUBLISHJtNG COMPANY FOR PRINT
ING.AND HAVING SAME CASHED BEFOP.E .WORK WAS DONE.
.i; have'; cashed^ lots .of orders 'for 'all -of the
printing | offices . lrf i town,', and among . them" the
Enquirer, i but .1- do notknow anything about
this particular matter, r In the nature of things
It could not come to my knowledge. The meth
od of giving out 'thosq orders is this.- A: county
official.: requires .some books' cr-. printing .and
issues an' order for them baaed upon the print
ing schedule < adopted .by : the i Board of. Super
visors. ' This order,; can , be negotiated; and ¦ the
printers frequently : come to me with : them. • I
advance '.• tUe cash,, deduct;. my -fee,' and
then •.-*' hold-. '••' the >¦ order.-, until -the • ,wo-lc
is; done. T when • the..- receint • for,' the-work
is -turned - over ; to <ne,*. : and ¦ I > put my assigned
claim ' before . the >: Supervisors « and .It - Is,, paid '
I have" never paid any money: to Henry P.'xDal
ton.'Uhough I have cashed lots of his orders. for
the 'Enquirer. What they, did. with the money
I don't know," . .... . .; -.;
-There Is not a, word of truth j in -the -whole
matter. ' It Is false _ from beginning to ' end.
I, have, never obtained. any money upon county
work and have never. received any money. either
directly or indirectly/from '.the Oakland * En
quirer. - : This allegation of Collins' is on a par
with ¦ the other '¦ false . charges he -made • against
me in the original complaint: . ¦
*:j.1B.' Lanktreei 1 the; broker referred to In
the complaint. filed by Collins, said: ; - ; -.
'• 'County Assessor Henry. P.i Dalton • had
the following to say to-night In. regard-to
tho allegation, in Collins', new complaint:
Dalton Denies the Charges.
This plaintiff alleges that since the filing
of the original -compialnt herein that the said
Georeo C. Pardee has taken up and paid said
note at the said Central Banic of $53,000," and
that prior to the payment of said note no pay
ments were made thereon by trie. said Henry
P. Dalton or George C. ' Parcee. • of eltherprln
cipal or ; Interest, and -that al! payments that
were mao> thereon were made by G. B. Daniels
with" funds ot^ this corporation and moneys
drawn from this corporation, and. that the saivl
sum3 of ¦ money ' so paid to said bank of , the
moneys of this corporation aggregated , many
thousands; of dollars, ? k o wit,, In excess of
510,000, ns this • plaintiff is advUed and be
lieves,'and therefore alleges the fact to be.
The payment of the note at the Central
Bank by Dr. '-. Pardee > personally - Is v-got
forth as follows: :
CentralBank Note.
Tlint said . Henry"" P. Dalton would
i.isne under bin limtd, as ; an ofllcer (
of the county of Alnmeiln, a voucher
for public work of the county of
Alamertn, In tbe' line of printing to
be ' done lone before the name wonld
be' required.,' nn«i 'wonia leave the
amount thereof 'blank, and '¦ Tvoald
arrange With one J. II, Lanktrec to
borrow ¦ money* from ' him 'upon, the
same, and Tronld cause the 'said cor
poration to promise to do the said
work tn the line'of prlntlnsr for Haiti
county , In , the : . fntnre, and wonld
caursc the wald. Oakland : Enquirer
PubIi»hInK.,Company corporation ' to
charcre the >nld\ l<nnlctree with the
naid work,' nnd'that-In the meantime
the -Bald- Henry. P. Dalton would ob
tain . satd money ; from Raid Lank
tree, and the «irslil Oakland -Enquirer
rublishinf? . Company Trould^ be un
der .obligations; to, perform :nai<l
work iind to look to>atd Lahkiree
for pay,; and* not to the . county -.of
Alameda, # or. said Henry P. Dalton:
And this plaintiff further alleges that the
said Henry -P.' Dalton within two years last
pact has been and Is ' the Assessor - of the
county '6ft Alameda, State of California.' and
that the said G. .B. Daniels, George C. Pardee
and Henry P. Dalton have used defendant cor
poration for their personal ends, : and of the
said Henry, P. ! Daltcn. namely. • to borrow
money for the said Henry P. Dalton in the
manner following, • to wit: i •;.'. ;¦
The most serious charge of the new
complaint is in regard to money secured
by Henry P. Dalton through vouchers and
receipts issued by him to the Enquirer for
work that was yet to-be done In the fu
ture, which orders were cashed before the
work had been done .for the county. Upon
this point the complaint reads:
: The allegation of the original complaint
that work had been done by the paper
and material furnished Dr. George C. Par
dee and Henry P. Dalton which had not
been paid for and which bill had been- al
lowed to be barred by the statute of lim
itations is renewed in detail, that informa
tion ; havirig evidently been secured ;from
the books of the corporation by expert
examination. . " w . ; ' » ¦
Money Raised on Printing Orders
That this plaintiff ( did " not know that the
said Henry P. Dulton and-Qeorjf© C.Pardeo
did not ; pay any. of the Interest "upon- said
promissory' note 'to- ( said Central Bank' until
since the commencement of this, suit' and 'the
filing of ' the original complaint herein, ' : and
that since- said- time said ¦ George ; C." Pardee
has testified that' he- aid, not pay any of said
Interest and that whatever interest . had been
paid thereon had been paid by the said G. B.
Daniels; and. this plaintiff alleges, that .save
and except with the funds of this cor
poration, so drawn as aforesaid, . said O.
B. Daniels Old not-have sufficient property or
fuiida or means wherewith to pay said inter
est or any part thereof to said Central Bank. ;
In support of the assertion that the in
terest was paid by Daniels out of his sal
ary the following -is set forth, based upon
the recent depositions that were taken:
said was to cause a sufficient sum of. money
to be voted to said O.-B. Daniels, as president
and ¦ general manager- o* said corporation,', to
permit the said. Daniels, for sand on behalf 'ot
himself and the said. Pard3e and Daltonto
draw, the -funds, of said corporation and. to. pay
said interest. . •: ".' ;¦?¦
The ¦ trial has progressed ..without.. the
least unpleasantness on either side. . Dr.
Lowther is sure he' will be acquitted.
.When seen to-night lie said that all his
teachings and beliefs were in strict har
mony with the principles of the church.
ARKANSAS | CITY, Ka'ns., ¦ Marqh. 28.—
In the heresy trial of Rev,". Granvllle Low
ther before the^ Methodist "Conference each
side rested its* case this afternoon. •' The
remark of Lowther.oh the atonement to
the effect that "Christ died 'for man to
show man how- to die for man"- is the
point upon which the .prosecution is de
voting most of its efforts; '. ..."'-. : ) '.' -
¦ Dr. Lowther and his attorneys are well
fortified with church records '. and' pre
cedents to prove that he is not heretical.
Arguments were given in the case to
night and a decision is. looked for to
morrow. .. „.'-¦.¦
Are in Harmony With Church.
. -i. Principles, o ¦'.'; '¦¦"
Dt. Lowtlier Declares His Teachings
NO UNPLEASANTNESS n ''¦ -¦ ';. '
"AT TEE^HEBESY TBIAL
• Latt- ¦ advices from Columbia say Duel:
River is thirty-flve feet above low water
and rising at an alarming rate.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, March 23.— The
first section of- a Canadian Pacific trans
continental train, westbound, dashed
through a culvert which had been under
mined by. the floods at Elm Creek, forty
miles west of this city, at 4 o'clock this
morning. The train carried 130 English
and American emigrants. Although the
dining car and sleeper were wrecked, no
one was injured seriously. . Conductor
Favor was thrown from the platform of
the- second day coach Into the creek and
narrowly escaped drowning. The trains
from- the east and south to-day were ds
layed by the floods. ;*">.T'Y;-;
The town of Liberty, De Kalb County,
Is under water in several sections and
families have been forced to move out.
The Cumberland River at Nashville rose
nine feet between 12 o'clock, to-day and
& this evening:, and is still rising.
NASHVILLE. Tenn., March 28.— Rain
has fallen- steadily throughout' this section
of' the State since early morning. The
weather bureau here reported the precip
itation at 2.21 Inches. Reports from all
directions tell of washouts and wrecked
bridges. Property losses will be extreme
ly heavy, but so far the loss of. only one
life ia reported, that being W. G. Dtlie
hay,- a- local -mail route carrier in Maury
County. •
Over five Inches of rain has fallen- at
"Vicksburg in the last forty-eight hours.
The Alabama and Vlcksburg and Vicks
burg and Shreveport and- Pacific roads
are practically tied up. The river reading
to-day was 40.2, or 4.8 below the danger
line. If the rains continue sericus results
are feared. ,.. '
A dispatch from Laurel reports that
three miles of the Northeastern track- is
inundated north of Enterprise. At Enter
prise the Chickahshay River is on- a ram
page and all the lowlands of the river
and valley are covered with water. The
river. at 6- o'clock to-night was as high
as in the flood of two years ago and is
rising at the rate of four inches an hour.
The loss to farmers will b« heavy. ..
: It will be several days before it ia pos
sible for trains to reach Oxford from
either north or south. Lead River at
Hattiesburg, Miss., rose several feet dur
ing last night and no trains have passed
over the Northeastern or the Gulf or Ship
Island to-day, on account of. the' high,
.water. The; Northeastern is washed out
in several places between here and
Meridian. " ¦ : ;•'
Rain is still falling there. Telegraph
lines arc prostrated in all localities. An
embankment of the Illinois Central Rail
road, one mile north of Oxford, Miss.,
was" washed away to-day, leaving seventy
feet of Iron rails and cross ties suspended
about fifty -feet in the air. Another wash
out occurred a mile south of the -town.
NEW ORLEANS, March 2S.— The wind
and rain storm which has prevailed over
Southern Mississippi for the last forty
eight hours has -demoralized all railroad
traffic and telegraphic communication to
day. The town of Hazelhurst. Miss., "baa
been completely isolated for the last two
days on account of the heavy rains. Many
streams In the country overflowed their
banks and all passage from the country
has been stopped.
For a few . minutes yesterday morning
the office of the Al. 1 Dodge Co.,. 411 Emma
Spr eckels .building, ;. threatened to ' be .the
¦scene '.of a murder. \ The; air was torrid I
f or <i a few minutes; pistols and fists were
in but no;one~was seriously. in-
Jufi|d. .7 Dr; . C. E. ' Jones,-, a dentist': in' an
adjoining v apartment, 5 was called .upon j to
try'hjs surgical skill: and sewed up^acou;
pl&^of stitches In the lipjof :the man who
caused 'the* trouble. V .'".• -> '.'¦ ¦ V ':^, : ¦^ >
• . Doidge ' ¦¦ and .William ;P>;< •, Robinson/ ..the
last: named being 'connected }with-the'/ad
y^rtlsing agency and- otnerjincorporations
cofiducjed by Dodge/, wi^nt' into ttie" ; office
¦Barl^yesterday morning%nd;. th^ ftw-ajmen
had; words.'. Some i s^rong^xpressions /Were
•used^-arid Dodge says thai^Koblnsoh'drew
a pistol and tnreate'ned to blow; him-' full
'¦of-Jioles. .'.-., .-,-...-,• -rt'- X; ~ -.;-,•';; ."¦"¦" -..^?-V- > v
j Dodge did nof-walg "on the :order« of Ms
. going, but -rushed, "to* 1 the . Hall r^fi Justice
and procured a. warrant fdrithe^arrefjt.of
Robinson on the 'charge pf- ezhibitlh'g^a
deadly weapon in a^rude^apd: threatennig
manner. * Kobinson-' surrendered*'' himself
later and,, was released ori <depositing $100
bail. ' , - - -. . -."....,- - - .'.."¦*¦-;•.¦•¦¦..:';¦:¦•-.¦ ". ¦.--¦'
Dodge was absent from- hi$:offlee airaf,t
eri\oon, but. two excited wphien KeUUthe
f ort. : inquiries for Dodge >were promptly
•repelled,' :-. the . women -Insisting, 1 o' that
"Dodge's business was his own- and .that
nobody .was entitled to ktiow^ anything
, about him." '•'.-.. ¦"¦'¦¦/ - :¦'-¦¦>¦ 'i : '«'.p^ \' ¦-¦*''-¦¦
¦W:"* P.: Robinson, in a ': statement .^made
after hia arrest/ said that Dodge called *a":
meeting of -the directors of th^.afiverfisi
lngAkiompany and sent a. notice ta him at
the; Grand Hotel, knowing at- the .; time
that' Robinson was at Los Angeles.-'Con
tinuing, he said:-/ :''¦'=:".-¦•*";" .'
When I went to the office yesterday, the door
was - locked. I looked over the I transom and
saw" the stenographer inside. .'. She : \-wouldnot
open the door,:, but- I managed • to /: get In:
Dodge also came In.- .We haa some' words ¦ and
Dodge. hit me in .the jaw, cutting- my. .lip =o
that it required three stitches. - Dr.', Jones came
In during the trouble and : separated- us, or
Dodge might have done further damage. . > ¦
Dodge claims that Robinson went to 'his
desk and, drawing therefrom a pistol,-pro
ceeded to load it in his presence and then
pointed It at him. In a most aggravating
and ' dangerous manner. Dodge was or
dered out of the office by Robinson, but
used his fists and finally put Robinson on
the run.: '. '¦.":;-'. - .'.; v '. . ?
Dodge also claims ' that 'Robinson drew
checks against the company's' accounts in
Los Angeles, exhausting the credit of the
cbmpany, aijd that when he attempted to
get money on the supposed-deposit- there
he was confronted -, with • the ' rubber
stamped notice on the front'. ot the/check,"
"No funds," . -•.<; ' !•¦•'. '."r-: .
Judge Fritz will listen "to ; the tales" of
bofjti men to-day, the warrant' of arrest
having been issued from his'court.
Robinson came here" about-two • years
ago-from Australia: By occupation- he is
a printer. One night he >was- arrested in
front of the Grand Hotel* on complaint of
a woman who claimed to, be his wife. She
alleged that Robinson attempted to fprcir
bly,take a purse from" her.' . Robinson also
figured in another episode in front of tHe
Hlbernla Bank with the same , woman.
Both were arrested, but .discharged "the
following; day. . . * * . -' . • .•..»¦" ..'-¦
PARIS, March 28.— Dr. Leyds, the Euro
pean agent of the Transvaal Colony, em
phatically denied this afternoon the re
port published by the Figaro to-day that
he was to have an IntiSjyiew here "with
Lord Rosebery.' Sir Henry* OmpbeH-Ban
nertnan, -the - Duke of.' Devonshire and
other Liberal, leaders. who> are . now .in.
Paris. ... — r - ¦ -. .. . ¦
¦ A"^Sunday atmospiiere-pervades London
to-day. . All business is suspended and the
churches and open-air Vresoxts In the
neighborhood of London are -crowded. No
newspapers .are. published, and every one
who : could leave: town until April 1 has de
parted.^ The^Gbwrnment .offices are closed
and^tbe' War ' Office :has announced that
even Lord Kitchener's dispatches will not
be 'issued to-day or Monday.
The/giins-^captured ;'f rom,' ."Von j,Donop*s
convoy were brilliantly by the
Scottish* -Mxirse/ whfch charged up to the
muzzles of; the artillery,, and earried the
Boer 'gunners off their feet before the lat
tisr had a. chance to fire.' v-.". ••,* "
1 LONDON;"March ', 28w»5*?2 "prayer for
peacb" was the only «ftveT,.f.ealure of the
observance of Gobd'Friday. In Great Brit
ain: " The Bl'shop%" of 'London.* Rochester
and: St. Issued special; appeals to
their dioceses- to, unite\In -praypr that hoth
British . and' Boers be. granted, the temper,
of peacemakers, pointing, <?ut that' similar
prayera are being- offered in- the Dutch
churches of Pretoria. '• •
An illustration of. the resourcefulness of
the Boers was given by Llebenborg and
several hundred men, who, taking advan
tage of the confusion. of the dri ve t formed
a- commando similar In arrangement to
that- of the/Brltf&ti'columri. . "Moving close
to one of the numerous gaps in one of the
British v lines they." succeeded in reaching
it and in getting safely away before their
ruse was discovered J'. ; ?: ; ;-
•From the first prisoners, captured It was
learned that General Delarey himself was
actual cortlon, having flept
some '^distance westward, but Liebenborg,
Mekp and other Boer -commanders were
inside thej column&.of -trbopa. . The first
body, consisting of .about 500 Boers, sight
ed at lO^O'ciock in the" 'morning. March 24,
retreated at making for a gap
between*. the. £ritlsh\ columns. A race for
the opening viensued.;' British mounted in
fantry.Vwhlclu'had "already ridden up,
pressed" their tired- norses ;until many of
thiein gave out,;whep the men jumped oft
arid; raced: forward. oh: foot. Some of the
mounted - men,- -however, were able to
gallop right into the gap,' juat ahead of
thaf burgners, whom they mat with a
warm ttre.Y These :,troops Also- succeeded
ln.drlvln'gvback ainother body of 300 Boers,
who ; were forced to. desertUhe guns they
had "'captured from the - Von Donop con
voy (southwest of KlerksflorpJ. in Febru
ary." The Boers tried to get through sev
er"a v t'>'6penlngs; but on eac^ occasion were
forced to double \back until ; they ultl
mately found a gap. and passed out of the
British lines, w-Jthin sight of Klerksdorp.
Night :'¦ fell before -. the pursuing columns
could overtake : the . Boers. ¦'
'.-J*lv.e:Canadtana, who fell orut of their
column and tried to work theif way back,
were surrounded by a Boer : force and
made a splendid defense. . But, finally,
seeing, tlielr case was hopeless, four of
the Canadians surrendered. The fifth,
however, . indignantly refused to throw
c'own ¦:• hisVarms and ' continued a single
handed fight until he was killed. This
was regarded as one of the most !>erolc
incidents of the day. .
PRETORIA.. March 28.— About 1500
Boers under Delarey, Liebonborg, Kemp
auS- Wolinarans, were- within the area of
Lord Kitchener's? latest movement, but
though-surprised by:. the rapidity dis
played by the British troops, gaps in the
latter' s lines enabled most of the burgh
ers to escape. The Boer prisoners totaled
179 . men,' •. Including Commandant H.
Kruger and Former Landrost Neethling
of Klerksdorp.' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '
. WASH1N GTON, K March j 28.— The State
Department; will; take, no';steps-'to* brinjj
to the . attention. -of /the Danish",Govern?
ment the charge* against the integrity ot
American statesmen preferred by Qaptain
Christmas and yesteiiday. broughtrto the
attention of . the^- House g of Representar
t'ves. The department regrards th'e" charges
as unworthy of 1 , its .attention, ;by, reason
of insufficient evidence and obvious terror
in statements of >f acts. $; The de
partment is perfectly aware' also that the
Danish Government^ does not; intend '..to
pay -one cent of,, the : * $500,000 cljalmed.jby
Christmas as- his commission, so that*" of
course, none of thatnioney could . be «sed
to corrupt American statesmen and news
papers. * >¦ ¦' ¦' ; : . " ' ':•/'• ."•' ¦
v COPENHAGEN, : March 2S.4Th'e . Christ
mas scandal I is ; nots'd|scu5sed\ ; Ve're,
are the facts : in the j cas^'',pu'bli'shed In Co
penhagen, 7 al though a. full., account of Con
gressman Richardson's statements in the
House of. Representatives 'was telegraphed
to the seml-rofflclal/newsi.' agency, in- this
city.? Denmark^ however,. ha.s heard from
both^ Captain Walter/ Christmas and. Neils
(Jrbn, -who also* has claimed. to, have acted
afc a^Danish agent in' negotiating the salci
of the parish -West' Indies; . .Each claimed
a commission, but'the Government has re- !
fused "to; either of ..them." declar- 4 |
Ing that; neither : was 1 ever .connected with •
the 'jnegoUatioris ''jn\the
A newspaper referred', to-.thei-pbhtroversy
during" me latter part of .February, but it
aid riot, take. Gron ;or Christmas seripuelyi
Gron- started for America soon-. afterward..
Secretary Rcscnb:rg of the Labor Coun
cil refused to discuss the pians or the
union or to &ay whether the men would
be compelled to resort to a strike
The situation is being thoroughly can
vassed by the local leaders, and they are
in communication with the Amalgamated
Association of Street Railroad Employes.
Two more employes were discnarged
yesterday, this time by Manager Morrow
from the 1-arkin-street branch of the
Sutter-street line. This served to increase
sull further the dissatisfied gripmen,
motormen and conductors.
Mayor Schmitz conferred with repre
sentatives of the street railway employes
last night and urged moderation. The
men finally decided to accept the Mayor's
views and not precipitate a strike at this
time. They realize that the new owners
of the Market-street system are not re
sponsible for the acts of the old company.
It was therefore decided to wait -until the
new owners are in full control, when the
grievances of the men will be formally
presented. It .is believed, that, there will
l>e no difficulty in reaching a satisfactory
understanding.
This effort also failed. The Attorney
General said that Duane was a financier,
not a railroad man. and that he had no
authority to commit the corporation to
any policy In its relations to employes.
He said that Duane was' personally
anxious that there ehould be no friction.
Ford had no doubt that when the svndi
cate assumed active control the employes
would be iatisiied with the treatment ac
corded them.
Jtichard Cornelius, Andrew Sorenson
and W. J. GoIdkuSil were present -to repre
sent the new union of me employes and
Secretary Ed Rosenberg of the Labor
Council v/as also in attendance. These
four were very much disgruntled at
puane's refusal to be present at least
and hear their grievances stated. Rosen
berg, however, counseled moderation, and
said that hasty action shouid be avoided,
ilayor Schmitz, though discouraged at
the failure of his efforts at mediation,
said he still hoped that the new owners
¦would speedily coirsent to mtet the em
ployes' committee. It was nnaliy decided
to make another attempt to secure im
inedia.te consideration of the employes'
complaint that men were being dls-"
charged for joining the union. The Mayor
agreed to consult with Attorney General
l<ord, the new corporation's counsel, and
learn if he could not induce IJuane ¦ to
meet the committee.
James M. Duane, representing the Bal
timore'."syndicate, 'ailed to attend the
proposed conference with repreiientatives
of the aggrieved street railroad cmp.oyes
in. the Mayor's office yesterday morning.
lie .sent a letter instead, explaining to
Mayor Schmitz that he did not feel justi
fied in interfering at the present time in
a detail of management. He wrote that
bis corporation had not' yet assumed "con
trol of the property and until its work
ing staff was organized they must trust
to the judgment of the old management.
Railroad Traffic Demoralized
.in Parts of Miss-,
¦ issippi.
Desperate Fighting in Which
Delarey and Followers
Again Escape.
Hold Grievr.nces, in Abeyance
Until New" Owners Are .
in Full Control:: ' >,:
Charge of Bribery in Sale of
West Indies . Falls
1 . Rather Plat
Last Named Draws Pistol
and Other Invokes Aid
_ OI r OllCO.
Immense Damage Done
by. Rapidly Rising
Rivers.
'Christmas and Gron Are
Not Taken Seriously
4n Denmark.
His Fists
. on William ir.
fiotinson.
Street Rail way Employ es
Will Not 6uV;f
on Strike.
Kitchener Captures But
Few. Prisoners in
Last 'Rally.
RAIN FLOODS
SOUTHERN TOWNS
PARTNERS FIGHTS
OVER ACCOUNTS
ALLEGED AGENTS
ARE REPUDIATED
TRUCE ARRANGED
BY THE MAYOR
BOERS BREAK
THROUGH LINES
THE ' SAN ' FRANCISCO -CJiLL, SATURDAYi )M:iUiCH; 29, 1902;
e ; Alleges vTnatithe: Enquirer Publishing Company,
Through .Fraudulent -Scheme, Was .Forced to
Furnish Money for Interest on 'Individual Note
COLLINS FILES NEW COMPLAINT
CONTAINING SERIOUS CHARGES
, When the San . Franciscan entered th»
cell the two. men recognized each other
and in = an instant they were in'each
other's v embrace and sobbing. .The "wild
man" talked rationally and told a 'great
deat of his travels during the pkat four
years.- V--— .>--¦¦¦ •,- ... •;„ -,>.- :.--•• »>•'¦-• .
The' demented man is . Julius . Frhjak, a
tanner by trade.v At times he is seemingly
rational, but for.long.perioda, his mind ap
pears to be a blank. ><.;.;¦.-
9
aBAPE-NUTS.
Eating a Question,
Pleasurable Anticipatibiip
When Proper Food is ''* \ -i .
IT.«Arl irk Mnderaiioh. '
If you are one of those who have more than three Jieaping teaspoons for
eaten' too freely of Grape-Nuts and the cereal" part of the meal, and ; so
have been satiated, we have a word of lon S as you use the food in moderation
*£ .n, .d^j, ?r It < 8 a eon- Sa^-^SMggSSBS^
centrated food, and the system requires Remember, Grape-Nuts furnishes - the
andean handle only a small amount most delicious pasting cereal food
at a time. . known, and contains the certain ele 1
If too much Is taken nature revolts mehts nature uses for repairing and re-
agalnst the overloading. Be moderate building the brain and gray matter in
and enjoy the food day by day. It is the nerve centers. The * steady and
too valuable to your : system and to moderate user., of Grape-Nuts can' de-
your sturdy health to give over. It ia pend. upon daily nourishment ' of . the
a common fault for people to overeat kind that gives one that feeling of re-
candy or any other delicacy at ' some serve strength < so essential to a sac-
time in life, and from an excess be cessful, active brain worker. Do not
driven to abstinence. But with Grape- try to cook this food. Jit. is; thoroughly
Nuts it will richly repay. you' to; start and completely cooked at factory, and
affaJn on the fixed allowance of not is ready for Instant service..; , ...:',
Contracted Disorders
'^^^\ : ' Cured. ' ;
»§*&?! V^S? 3^? Th ° importance
Soiirti ¦'"'¦ *&w V? ' ot I'u'cklV curing ;
A^w* 0 '- • M contracted dtscr-
¦ iJv?* ASl ' ¦ *•< Kr*2. ¦ der* ¦- Is - b«ins
ts:~*&--«. y^SS^ raore tuUy reco ~-
M^l^'frflSSwfflr niied amcr.g the
\" awS^I medical prof?3-
¦ L. 8ll =n- The ten-
j^i- 'j^'w deney oC t!:;.-i-> :
•'• -J\ -t ]^ /^>v. diseases .-. i» : to
IX A* J\ graduallr. extw.fl
\ / rs. "• \ ' ' \' N backward, involve
""'/ ¦r>$¥'* :i £pl \ 1 - ln^ in' a-cSrcnt2
/ '-V*^ Jrf t"" Inflammation the
¦~ \'yail ¦' rru>6t rltai cm-
..-/MSV , tw« of th* or-
-_l'-^. . ..'¦.-..¦. ,O follow, eomlfi
scarcely b« exasgerated. Safety derr.sr.ds ¦
an absolutely tbcrough cure In the least
possible lime. ¦ I .have treated more cases
cf contracted, disorders than any ether phy-
sician ' upon the Pacific " Coast. My cures
&re thorcusrh and are ¦ accomptjshed in lass-
time than other forms of treatraent require
in producing ev«n • doubtful results. I em--
- ploy remedies. ef. my cwn devlstcg and my
. treatmect . U equally cfff»ctlve In both re- r
• ce«t '. anfl * rhronio caseo. . ¦ ' .
-. My pamphlet, "Mt« ' All ' Your Tears !a ;
Man." will be mailed free. Consultation
free at office or by isall.
DR. O. C JCSLEN, i
l^«A«fe.i 1019 MARKKT EX..
D'aeonally opposite Hiberaia Thutf,TO SAIL.
The steamer Leelanaw. which cleared yes
terday for Panama, carried an assorted mer
chandise cargo for New York valued at $144,
283. The. cargo included the following:
274.C&4 gals wine, 5607 pigs lead, 100.242
lbs copper matte, 1595 cs canned fruit. 1000 e»
canned vegetables, 13,740 lbs dried hide*. 25,002
lbs cascara bark. 35 cs paper, li!8 bales Junk,
29 cs shells.
¦ The steamer also carried the following cargo
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Tlii* British 'ship Cawdor docked at the hay
•wharf yesterday to discharge 1600 tons of sand
for local glass manufacturers.
Big Shipment of Glass Sand.
;A dispatch received yesterday by the Mer
chants' Exchange reports that the American
ship Henry FalHne bound here from Newcas
tle. Australia, has put into Auckland leaking.
Ship Eenry Failing Is Leaking.
The army transport Kilpatrick with the Sev
enteenth Infantry aboard is expected to ar
rive to-day. She left Nagasaki March 9 and
Is supposed to be coming direct.
Kilpatrick Is Due.
Boarding-house runners took eIx men from
the British bark Kiiloran during the early
watches of yesterday morning. Twice during
the night the mate of the Britisher ordered
boats to keep away from the vessel's . side.
Thinking he had got rid of them he turned in
(tad the men were enticed over the side while
t2>e mate slept. Before noon the sailors, who,
in desertins. left behind clothes and several
mr T.ths* hard-earned pay. had been shipped
on the whaler Narval. which started yesterday
afternoon on a two. years" whaling cruise.
Sailor Stealers Arc Susy.
command of the Anglo- American Oil Com
pany's new clipper ship Daylight. He is now
in New York loading a cargo for the Orient.
The Daylight Is a twin to the Brilliant. They
were built last year and are owned by the fame
company. They are 3773 tons register and are
• corsidered types of up-to-date sailing craft.
Hussell & Co. of Pert Glasgow, Scotland, are
the builders. Captain Reade was accompanied
by his wife on all his voyages to this port and
they are both' well konwn to quite an extended
local circle. Mrs. Reade will preside over the
cabin table of the Daylight.
Captain Heade's New Ship.
Captain James Reade. who has paid many
visits to this port, has been appointed to the
Much complaint has been heard of late re
garding the unswept condition of the asphal
tum In front of the new ferry depot. For days
past the gutters have been choked with dust,
rubbish and £lth and scattered from the ferry
grateways to the west side of East street. F"or
tlays at a time a liberal scattering of orange
peel and pe.per has remained almost undis
turbed except by the wind. The sweeping of
the crossing to the depot from the north side
of Market etreet has been entirely neglected
on Sundays for the past six weeks. The Har
l»or Commissioners have been asked to look
Into the matter and to' see that the sweeping is
along the entire water front. The sweepers have
b*>en in the habit of gathering the dust and
rubbish into piles, presumably for convenience
in collecting and carting away. The carting
away is rarely done and the only purpose
served by sweeping the dust into heaps has
been to provide ammunition for the afternoon
¦wind.
Sweepers Txiat Feed the Wind.
Leelanaw— Adolph Beyfus, M. A. King, Wal
ter Hutchir.son, Edwin Loeffler, C. V. John
eon, Thomas Jones, Joseph K. Wahaol, William
Bell, Edward Skelly, J. E. Porter, S. A. Har
ris, H. Campbell. W. H. Smith. E. R. Herd.
6. A. Mack. A. Murley. Arthur Lew, Frank
Barnes, Mrs. Dr. Fannie Green. John Lackey.
O. J. Purdy, John Gahan, James Murray, Paul
Schaarschm:dt, A. J. Barker, Gus Wagner,
Mrs. Jean Bohrn, G. J. Heckman. C. J. Tarp,
Nj C. Johnson, M. H. Soule, Anton Matheson,
William Brattan, S. J. Harris. G. Bluteau.
U. Bertr. C. Anderson. Thomas Gallagher/ Feter
Fitzpatrick. Thomas Griffin, C. M. Cabut, Wil
liam Metz. Tony Lauirl.
City of Para — Peter Lettlch, A. E. Bishop,
Mrs. A. E. Bishop. Miss M. Bishop. Miss E.
Blfhop. Mrs. M. Armitage, F. O. Toms and
wife. Miss C. and Master H. Toms, Miss A.
Alloway. Mrs. G. Bell. Miss D. Ifert. Miguel
Bfltrannina, Manuel Beltranlna. Mrs. C. T.
Beltranina. E. D. Fitzgerald, F. F. Glllespie,
Georg-e Parmel. John St. Pierre. Gustav Ktai
ber. J. V. Weedon. -. F. P. Lang, R. M. Wood,
E. W. Fortune, H. Newman. A. P. "Elmer,
Mrs. A. E. de Carona, Miss A. Carona.K. Mc-
Donald, John Eeonoma, A. Saquelaradls.
The steamships City of Para and Leelanaw
tailed yesterday for Panama and way ports.
They both carried full cargoes and passengers
as follows:
Panama Steamships Sail.
C*-rf»«a HREE big trans-.Pacific steam
1 ships will sail to-day from this
I port, heavily freighted and carry-
Ji. ' jig passengers for Honolulu, Ta
hiti, China and Japan. The-Ala
mccta ~w-ill to-day commence, her second
century run to Honplulu. Her passenger
list, v.hich is a large one, includes the
r.ames of many prominent in local and
Honolulu affairs. She carries a- big
cargo. , • .
The trip to Tahiti is becoming more pop
ular than ever among tourists. The Aus
tralia's cruise through the South Seas is
i he only voyage of its kind within- easy
reach qf those traveling for pleasure. The
Australia will be succeeded shortly on
this run bv the Mariposa, which has been
specially fitted for pleasure cruising
among the South Sea Islands. The Aus
tralia, which sails to-<ray, will take a
number of passengers and a full cargo. .
Among the passengers on the Peking,
which sails this afternoon, will be Mrs.
J. McMullin of this city. Her husband
pome time ago secured a contract from
the Government for work in Manila har
bor. McMullin's health has broken down
and his wife expects to meet him at
Hongkong, bring him home and nurso
him back to health. Naval Constructor
W. P. Robert and wife will be passen
gers on the Peking, as will O. A. Poolc,
a big Chinese tea merchant. Captain J.
F. Robinson has succeeded Captain Tre
main Smith as commander of the Peking.
Alameda Will Commence Her Second Century
tralia Will Leave for Tahiti and the Peking Will Car^M
gers to the Orient—Gity of Para and the Lee I a ri a w ?Sa i I for Panama
THREE BIG TRANS-PACIFIC LINERS WILL SAIL TO-DAY
FROM THIS PORT TO SOUTH SEA ISLANDS AND ASIA
FROM SEATTLE.
TimeBall.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer-
NOTE— In the. above exposition of the tides
the early, morning tides ¦ are . given In the . left
hand column and the ' successive tides of the
day. In the. order of occurrence : us '¦ to time; the
fourth tima column (fives the last tide of- the
day., except when there are but three .tMes.'i as
Bometimes occurs. -Tbe heights; given- are: in
addition' to. the sounding* of the United States
Coast Survey charts.- except when a~ minus ( — )
tifcn precedes the height, and then the' number
firlvcn is 'subtracted from , the depth given ' by
Hi" charts, fhe plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.;' •-,
Friday, March. 28. '«
Etmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson,' 0 hours from
Santa Cruz. ¦' .-¦ -'- -.... -/ " -' .- -. "... . r
1 . Stmr -Cuecn," Hall, 56 hours -.from Victoria
and PuEet ' Sound : ports. ; .=.-;.. /.. '-¦,, v-. 1 ,-
Stmr Aleatraz,- Carlson, 14 ¦ hours from Point
Arena.'/ - . ¦ ¦ "t . . '.- ". • " . ¦ ¦ ¦
¦¦Strar Noyo, Johnson, 14 hours f rom • Fort
Bragg. ;.'-•' • ;"•.;'..' ,•-:•. lc--"i -;"."."- .¦¦¦ -\: r;:—^
: Stmr Alcazar, Martin.'. 13 hours ' from Green
wocrl; bound to San Pedro; put in to land pas
r-enccr.". ¦ <„' V ' -' ' ' '- . '¦ '' ¦¦—'.:•
¦ Stmr G C ' LIndauer, Allen,". 64 hours from
Grays Harbor. : .: • : ¦
: Slmr . ProKroso, / Hardlnr, 08 hours % from Se
attle. f#QtB&niMMHn90Mv^Bi)Mig^i@ip%7^
- Stmr Santa Monica. . Olsen, , 22 ; hours , from
Eureka..' .¦•¦¦' •' .' .. : .. '. --•- ¦¦..'.
- Stmr Kureka, Jersen, 25 hours from: Eureka.'
.Stmr Del Norte. Green," SO hours.from-Cres
ceui City. : . ¦"">'-•
. Stmr Bonlta, ; Nopander, ' 61 hours from ; New
port and way, : ports.* .' ';' .' . ¦ ' ' . ¦' . '
. > fc'chr Alice, Grant, 1 days from Grays Har-'
bor. - HHBliNBB3SA ...- - ¦ ¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
SATURDAY," MARCH 29.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf); about
twenty-live minutes later than at Fort Point;
tbe height of tide is the 'same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and - I,ow
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. i Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent..
Sun, Moon and Tide.
AUCKLAND. N. Z., March 28— *ih«
American three-masted ship Henry Fall-
Ing, Captain Wynne commanding, which
uaiied ircm Newcastle, N. S. \V., on the
15th inst.. bound to San Francisco, has
put into this port in distress. The vessel
is leaking. v ¦;
American Ship in Distress.
To Callao, Peru — 6314 lbs dried shrimps.
The steamer City of Para Balled yesterday
for Panama and way ports with a general
merchandise cargo valued at $98,2 iO, exclusive
of some in transit, and manifested as follows:
For Central America, $68,459; Mexico, $26,671;
Panama, $2554; Callao, Peru, $562. The fol
lowing were the principal shipments :
To Mexico^ — 56 bbls flour. 38,895 ft lumber. 2231
lbs dried fruit, 23 cs arms and ammunition, 5
cs assaying material^ 12 bales bags, 25 cs beer,
9S7 lbs 7D8 cs bread, 579 lbs cheese. 55 cs
canned goods, 112 cs cyanide of potassium, 25
bbls cement, 17 pkgs drugs, 9 pkgs electrical
supplies, 40 pkgs furniture, 68* pkgs groceries
and provisions, 134 pkgs hardware, 714 lbs
ham and bacon. 12 cs mineral water, 181 pkgd
machiner}'. 32 pkgs mining material, 100 flasks
quicksilver. 1267 gals wine. 120 cs whisky, 0
cs wire, 11 ctls wheat, 1269 lbs spices, 420
lbs starch, 92 bdls steel and Iron, 118 lbs eoda,
358 bdl& snooks. 9 cs oils,' 48 crs potatoes, 139
pkgs past* . 13 pkgs powder, 98 bdls 30 : pen
pipe, 40 kegs nails.
To Central America — 3C19 bbls flour, 88,000
lbs bluestone, 30,165 lbs malt. 2090 lbs mill
stuffs, 19S1 lbs lard, 5 flasks quicksilver, 56
cs 4803 gals wine, 1(36 cs 110 gals I whisky.'
15,930 lbs tallow. 60.950 lbs -salt, 1048 lbs
EpSces, 4004 lbs sulphur, 7034 lbs soda, 1C00
lbs eulphic acid. 456 lbs raisins, 21,850 lbs
rice. 1085, lbs rosin, 23.408 lbs . zinc, . 12 cs
assaying material, 15 bales bags. 29 pkgs beer,
32 cs canned goods. 18,205 lbs corn,' 57.37U lbs
cotton, 112- bbls cement, .10 cs. cyanide of
potassium, 9690 gals coal oil. .,73 bales cotton
domestics, 112 lbs dried frult; f -57 pkgs drugs,
203 pkgs dry goods, 243 pkgs 'groceries and
provisions. 535 lbs ham and bacon, 737 lbs
honey, 199 lbs hops, 128 pkgs hardware,. 18,S1HS
ft lumber. 2 cs M gala liquors, 1981 ¦ lbs lard,
12 bales leather, 161 pkgs machinery, 15 pkgs
mining supplies. 226 lbs nuts. 6»5 kegs' nails,
47 bdls paper, 122 crs potatoes, 5 crs onions,
470 pkgs naints and oils, ;;84 lbs dried peas,
17 bdls, 65 pes pipe. 14 pkgs paste. 254 kegs
powder, 7 colls rope, 149 bdle steel and iron,
¦538 pkgs tank material, 18 cs soap, 37 pkgs
wire. .
To -Panama — C000 gals wine, 40 colls rope,
4 bdls oars, 3 tanks acid. -¦
Cargo by Panama Steamer.
The British ship Chlltonford cleared yester
day for Liverpool, with 83,429 ctls wheat,
valued at $91,900, and 21,000 ft lumber aa
dunnage, valued at (336.
The French bark Eugene Pergellne was
cleared Thursday for Antwerp with 32,185 ctls
rye. valued at $30,575 and 35..CS9 ctls wheat,
valued at $41,000. The bark carried 22,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $330i
Wheat and Bye for Europe.
The British ship Criccleth Castle, which was
reported as chartered for lumber hence to Mol
lendo, obtained a lump sum of £2S00.
Charters.
The Dutch eteamer Wilhelmina, now at Seat
tle, will lead -wheat at Portland, for two Euro
pean ports at 27s 6d.
The schooner R. C. Slade loads lumber at
Gray3 Harbor for Santa Rosalia!
for the West Indies, vanied at $519: 102 c»
canned salmon, 140 lbs cheese, 600 lbs codfish,
181 lbs butter, 15 cs canned goods.
' GENOA— Arrived : March v 28— Stmr '; Aller,
from New York,: via NapleB.' ¦¦•', -¦:'
:. i GIBRALTAR— Sailed , March' 28— Stmr Au
guste Victoria.: from Naples.. for New York.
;V BOULOGNE— Sailed March 28— Stmr AmB
te:-dain.-: from ; Rotterdam. . for New ' York. .• \ . .
v SUEZ— Arrived March ', 28— Stmr . Oopaek, :
froin ; r Seattle "..and •"" Tacoma,^' via ¦ Yokohama.
Shanghai;. Hongkong, Manila and Rangoon,, for
London.-. .¦'¦'¦ ¦¦¦.,-. ... , • ¦ .-. ¦.•.-.- .
:•,".• NEW YORK— Arrived- March 2S— Stmr Mon
golian, rfrom- Glasrow. ¦- . ¦' .••.--. ;'.-.{';
KINSALJ3— Passed March ; 28-*-Stmr "• Taurle.
from Npw-York,- for Liverpool. ¦ ¦•
- BEACHY .':' IIEAD-lp n s5ed March *.' 28- : -Stn : ir
Pretoria,' from ' New ¦ York.'r via r Plymouth , and
Cherbourg-, t for Hamburg. ¦-." :. ¦> - .:.'
t -LIVERPOOL— Sailed March'28— Stmr Cevio?
for ,< New : .York::«tmr« Dominion, for 'Portland. ¦
Me ; -' stmr > Corinthian, ?¦ for \ Halifax, - N S,7 and
St John,; N.B. '"¦:; ",'...- - . . /: • ,
J " Arrived ; March . 28— Stmr, Paxonla,' : from ¦ Bos
ton; s stmr Germanic, .from •¦ New York; ; ' , ..'
- . BREMEN —Arrived March 28— Stmr v ; Bres
lau; . from > New . York. ; ,";¦•'¦ '¦-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN, PORTS.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 20-Br ship
Lord Temnletown, . f or Hamburg:.. . ; ,
¦ .HOBART— Sailed Feb 9— Fr ship La Perouse,
for San , Francisco. ' . . • .
. VALPARAISO— Sailed Feb' 20— Br stmr San
tiago, for San . Francisco." via Panama,
£ GREENOCK— Parsed ¦'¦ March 27— Fr bark
Vllle de-.Mulhouse, for, San '.Francisco/ . .. - ,
*¦ CAPE HENRY— Passed March 27— ShlD Sus
quehnnna,-from Baltimore, for San Francisco.
- CORONEL— Arrived March. 13— Br-stmr
Neptune, from Seattle.:. March*:; 14-^Ger', stmr
Amasls,- f rom Hamburg andway ports, for San
Francisco."./ . .,- -. ¦ .; . , ..¦¦¦
IPSWITCK— Arrivnd March 27— Br ship Clan
Markenzle, hence >Tov 16. ; • ' •¦• ¦'"
SHIMONOSEKI— Sailed March 28— Br ¦ stmr
Arab.% for Hakodate. . ¦ , . • ¦ : . ' -
- NANAIMO— Arrived -.'-. March 2S— Stmr ;" San
Mateo. hpnee March 23,'" and sails this evening
for Ram Francisco.' ".-."¦.¦'-•. •¦ . - s < • ' - ••-¦
'¦' ; VALPARAISO— Sailed March 27— Schr >' Sa
mar. for Port'Townsend. - " • .'
VICTORIA— Arrived March 28— Tusr . Pilot,
.with barge Richard II in tot* ."; from Juneau.
-¦¦• NEWCASTI^J. -Aus— Arrived: March r 28—
Ship Sf. David. from/Adelaide.". ' "¦¦ . V ,-y
CLEARED. .
' . . Friday, March 28.
Strnr Pomona. '.Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. • - • . .
- Stmr Geo XV, Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co. ¦ .••:-. .., .
Stmr City or Para, Zeeder. Panama and way
portp; Pacific Mail Steamship Co.
w Stmr Jennie, Esser, Cooks Inlet; Alaska
Packers' : Assn. •
Leelanaw, Monroe, Panama; Panama
RR SS Line.
Stmr Narwhal,' Leavltt. whaling cruise; Pa
cific Steam .Whaling Co. • - . •..
Stmr Humboldt, Nichols. Seattle; M Kalish
& Co. ' . -. ., ¦ " • ....
Ship; Star.; of Russia, ! Llndberg,'Karluk:
Alaska Packers' 'Assn.
Br ship Chlltonford, Atkir.Bori, Liverpool; G
W McNear. ¦ : . ,, ¦ . .
Bark Santiago, Encalls, Hilo; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co. • ' ¦ ;
¦ Bktn Planter, Chase, Honolulu; Williams,
Dlmond & Co. • - - .
. SAILED. r • "
, Friday, March 28. |
Stmr "Alcazar, Martin, San Pedro. ¦
.•.fcitmr Gualala, Weber. — -, ; !
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka., j
.Stmr /.Scotia, ' Walvls, Rockcort. ¦,
Stmr Ginsy, Swanaon, Santa Cruz. ¦'¦¦' -
Stmr Grace Dollar. Fosen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Leelanaw, Monroe,- Panama. - -
Br stmr Welllnffton, . Salmond," Ladysmith.
Bark Santiago, Engalls, Hilo.
Baik Carondelet, Saxe, Prince William
Sound. -•'••: ... * ¦-. :
SchriHonoipu, MacDonald, Port Blakeley.
Schr Etta B, Campbell, Bodega.
Schr Corinthian, Korth, Bandon, Or."
'<¦ •, :¦ •- , --.SPOKEN, i ¦ , : . ".
March' 6, lat 9 8,: Ion 22 W — Br ship Matter
horn, from Seattle, for Hamburg. All well.
March 5, lat 3 S. Ion 31 W— Br bark Hine
moa, hence Dec 24, for United Kingdom.
, MISCELLANEOUS.
| LONDON, March. 28 — Shis Henry Failing,
from Newcastle; Aus, for San • Francisco, ¦ put
into Auckland leakins. ' ' ';.:
: • TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March 28,10 p m— Weather
clear; wind NW, velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. . . .
- PORT .... TO WNSEND— Arrived March ,27—
Schr Fearless, from Shanghai, with fore top
mast cone. -..-.. -.: ' ,. r - •
Sailed March 23— Stmr Asuncion, for San-
Francisco; bark Harvester, for Kenla.
REDONDO— Arrived March 27— Stmr Iaqua.
from Port Hadlock.- ¦: , I
Arrived March L'8— Stmr Acme, from Tilla
• mook. '¦: ' ¦
NEAH' BAY^-Passed out March 2S— Bktn
Katie Flickinxer, from Everett, for San Pedro;
¦schr Balboa, from . Port ¦ Ludlow, for Kobe.
rJ Passed ! in March 28— Stmr Shellkof, hence
March 20, for. Seattle.' ¦ -
- - COOS B AY_Sailed March 1 28— Stmr Arcatal
for San ] Francisco: schr Maggie C Russ, . for
San Francisco. -
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 28— StmrW H
Kruger.from Tillamook Bay; stmr Robert Dol
lar, from Port Hadlock. • :
Sailed March- 28— Schr • Comet, ' for Port
Blakeley; ; stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.- - •
SAN DIEGO— Sailed March ¦ 28— Schr : Aza
lea, for Puget Sound. ¦••¦ - - -
; BOWENS • LANDING— Sailed March 2S—
Stmr Navarro,' for San Francisco. - '
- EVERETT— Sailed March 27— Bktn Katie
Fllckinger, 'for San "Pedro. ¦ .. ¦.. >:¦:
: PORTLAND— Sailed March 28— Stmr Colum
bia, for San -v Francisco; stmr Fulton, for San
Pedro. --.-. ; •-•.¦••¦¦: .¦.-. ¦ -•¦.'.-. .-.:.¦¦ -,,
- SEATTLE — Sailed March ,'2S— Br ship : Bel
ford, for Tacoma; US stmr Manning, for
cruise ; > stmr Excelsior, for ¦ Valdez. ¦
. Arrived . March 28— Bark Kate „¦ Dave"nport,
from Port Blakeley: stmr Cottage ; aty, from
Skagway. •¦ . .-, . -
¦ TACOMA— Sailed Marc'.j 28— Ger"bark Schlff-'
bek, | for ¦ Queenstown ; schr : Golden Shore, I for
Sydney; stmr Asuncion, for San Francisco. -
Arrived March 2S— Br ship : Belford. - from'
Seattle." ¦ . . • • ¦ : --.. ,.¦ ,. -.. ¦¦ ¦ ". . - -.
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 28, 1902.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.; at Doon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time. - » "
. W. H. STANDLET.
I Lieutenant U. S. N. * in charge.
TO ARRI\"E.
Steamer Movements.
• : ! ¦'¦¦¦'.¦: V..; ¦¦$. ¦ - ¦¦ -• ¦
THE FINE, NEW CLIPPER SHIP, TWIN SISTER OF THE BRILLIANT,
BUILT FOR THE .ANGLO-AMERICAN:OIL'COMPANY, AND SAID TO BE
THE BEST TYPE OF UP-TO-DATE SAILING CRAFT.
_„_ -• ; ¦ .. . " ¦ ' ¦ ' ' ' 0
Jacob Klotz was granted a divorce from
JRachael Klotz by % Judge Graham on the
ground of desertion. , ¦ ':- •
: Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Clotilde de Robles against Manuel de
Robles, for neglect; Jessie B. .Taylor
against A. M. Taylor, for failure to pro
vide: Stella M. Smith aeainst John S.
Smith, for neglect; Lizzie Smith against
James A. Smith, for desertion,. and Essie
McGehee against Edmond McGehee, for
neglect. : • . . - ., • I . ;
: Mrs. Homah said \ yesterday that her
husband only! allowed her ¦ $600 ' last year
to 1 ; enable her. to keep herself -and '. pay
the expenses of her Oat at 62 Pierce street.
William Levy, 1 - a ' barkeeperVat thj" Mid
way Plaisance, testified that the .place
was not paying lately, but on the: con
trary was a losing investment.. This state-f
ment was contradicted by ;'Mrs.' : Homan,
who said that the playhouse.was.a profit
able investment. Her testimony was sup
ported by that of E. L. Brown, book
keeper at' the Midway, who said that in
June, , July . and August of last year the
profits from the place, amounted \tp be
tween $400 and $500 a month. Judge Gra
ham then made the order, directing Ho
man to pay. his : wife $50 a month \alimony
and $100 counsel fees. •• . 1 . ,"
. v The entire De Moro family appeared in
Judge Troutt's court yesterday to show
cause why an order should not be' made
giving, Mrs. Louise de Moro the custody
of fourteen-months-old James de Moro.
Mrs. de* Moro is. the defendant in a di
vorce suit brought by her husband, Rafael
de Moro, a scion of- the famous De Moro
family. He charges his wife with being
intemperate,- and claims she is unfit to
have the custody of their child. . Mrs. de
Moro visited the parents of her husband
at Berkeley three weeks ago and claims
that the elder De Moros ordered her out
of the house and took her little boy from
her. After hearing- considerable testimony
Judge Troutt made anorder directing the
old people to give the child to its mother.
Ed {Homan, -proprietor' of I the I Midway
Plaisance, who Issuing Florence .Homan
for divorce on : the ground of cruelty, ;will
have to pay his^wife.JaO per.month'ali
mony pending | the trialof his suit. ; The
question of alimony came" up before Judge
Graham yesterday and !the . - order was
made : after an ; exhaustive research into
Homan's assets and ;the; revenue ' he'de
rives from the Market street : resort. - Ho :
man is at present In New '.York, whither
he, went immediately after filing the suit
for divorce. - v » , ;
Mrs. Louise de Moro Is Given
i • the Care and Custody
¦ of Her Baby.
Superior Judge/jS-raham
Renders Decision in
"Favor of Wife.
DIRECTS HOMAN
TO PAY ALIMONY
THE SAk FRANCISCO CALLJ SATTJEDAT, MARCH 29, 1902.
10
Sun rises v. ..'..-. .:.C:CO
Sun sets ......."..0:2.)
Moon rises .....'.... 11 :43 p.- m.
O (Time Tiznr Time . Time
£ Ft, Ft. Ft. ' Ft.
• U "VV L >W ,- • HAV L,Wl
23 ' 2:22 4.7 0:10 0.S 4:20 - 3.0 0:01 S.O
;;o S:01 4.5 10:12 .1.0 6::« 3.0|10:0l 3.0
Zl :::M .4.3 11:00 1.1 6:35 4.0|U:17 3.1
1 4:4« 4.2 12:0? 1.1 7:28 4.1.....;.;..
L. W I1C--W L W • H W
2 0:231 2.2] B:f.« 4.2 12:52 .1.1! 8:10 : 4.3
,3 1:20k 2.0 7:0C, 4.3 1:40 1.1 8:46 .4.7
4 2:09 2.5 8:13 .4.4 2:30 1.1 0:20 .4.0
V Steamer. \'-J .•;,-..;- '.For.- : ' ; ¦ -Sails.'
Dolphin, vi... Skagway. &•, Way -Ports. Mar.' 30
Cottage City: Skagvray •& Way ; Ports. Mar.: 31
City Topeka: Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.": 2
Humboldt. . . . Skagway ; & Way Ports. Apr.' 4
Karallon ..... Skagw8 y & Way ', Ports. Apr. •' 5
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way . Ports. Apr. 6
Al-Kl V. . . Skagway '& ¦ Way ". Ports. | Apr. 8
For.
Steamer. I
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
.¦¦¦¦¦ .'•
. . . ' March 29;
Rival . . Wlllapa Harbor. . . .
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .*.....
Humbflldt. . SUagway via Seattle
Peking..... China &, Japan....
Alameda... Honolulu ..........
Australia.. Tahiti direct ...:.\
G. Elder... Astoria. & Portland
. March 30. ,.'
Czarina. . . . Seattle & Tacoma. .
Eureka.... Humboldt
Spokane... San Diego & Way.
31 arch 31.
Bonlta. .... Newport & Way Pta
April 1.
Phoenix. .'. . Mendocino City
Coronado. . Grays Harbor ...:..
Aberdeen.. Astoria '& Portland.
Arcata ..... Coos Bay & Pt Orf d
Empire... . Coos . Bay- ....;.'...
Queen..... Puget ' Sound Ports.
Meteor.".... Seattle & Tacoma;
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor. .....
April 3. .,
Mandalay . . Coquille River.
Pomona. .'. . Humboldt '.'."
State Cal.. San Diego & Way..
Ateo. ...... Ferndale & Eel.Riv.
North Fork. Humboldt .*..•.:.-...
April 3.
I.akme Astoria & Portland.
New-burg. ..Grays Harbor ¦ ..'.'..
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.
J.S.KImball Seattle & Tacoma..
April 4. -
Coos Bay. . San Pedro &' Way.
r ¦ April 5. /
Kureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle.
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul
April -G. .
Umatilla... Fugret Sound Porte.
.;,.:„.. .. ¦¦'-¦-..,. April . 7. ¦-
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts
Curacao ... Mexican Ports . .'. .
4 pm Pier ' 2
5 pm Pier.'v 2
2 pm Pier \'£
9 am Pier 3
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier. 7
10 am Pier- 7
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier ' 8
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
3 pm Pier 13
5 pm Pier. 2
'5 pm|Pier"2
12 miPierl.j
12 g m Pier 13
11 am Pier
6 pm Pier 27-
.....¦; Pier —
...... Pier: 2
1:30 p Pier :»
» am Pier ill
'4 pm Pier'- 2
9 am Pier 2
....v: Pier —
5 pm Pier - 2
11- am Pier 24
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
...... |Pier —
!...:..|Pier'-^-
9 am Pler.il
'. .\ ... Pier * *
10 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Sequoia . Ban Pedro ............. Mar. 2t»
Del Norte Crescent City .......... Mar. 29
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul .~. . Mar. 2S>
Meteor. . : Seattle v. • Roche Harbor Ma r. 29
Gaelic China '& Japan ."..:.... Mar. 29
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 29
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 20
Aberdeen.... San Pedro . .. .JMar. 29
Arcata. , . .'. .. Coos Bay & Port Orford.IMar.30
Crescent City Crescent City ........ . . Mar. 30
Lakme. Portland & , Astoria. . . . |Mar. 30
Mandalay Coqullle River.'. ... .. .: . Mar. 30
Newburg Grays Harbor ..Mar. 30
State cf Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar. 30
NorthFork:. Humboldt Mar. 30
Curacao ..... Mexican Ports .......... Mar. 30
Pleiades..... Seattle ................. Mar. 30
Phoenix . . Mendocino City . ..... . . Mar. 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney- & Way. Ports.. Mar. 31
Pomona. ..... Humboldt Mar. 31
Asuncion '. Tacoma : Mar. 31
Empire...... Coos Bay ...... Mar.31
Victoria Oyster Harbor ........ Apr. 1
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 1
San Mateo Xanaimo Apr. 1
M. Dollar. . . . San Pedro Apr. 1
Aztec. Tacoma ................ Apr. 2
UmatlUa Puget Sound Ports..... Apr. '1
Eureka Humboldt .......:.... . . Apr. 2
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Apr. ; 3
Hermonthis.. Seattle .:'............... Apr.. ',3
Point Arena. . Point Arena ....¦.....'.. Apr. I 3
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. ¦ 4
Hong. Maru. China and Japan....... Apr. 5
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 5
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. . 5
Chehalis...:. Grays Harbor Apr. ; fi
Santa Ana. . . Seattle & Tacoma . . Apr. ¦ 6
City Puebla. . I Puget Sound' Ports. . . . . Apr. 7
Acapulco I Panama . & Way Ports. Apr. ' 7
Sun rises v. ..'..-. .:.C:CO
Sun sets ......."..0:2.)
Moon rises .....'.... 11 :43 p.- m.
O (Time Tiznr Time . Time
£ Ft, Ft. Ft. ' Ft.
• U "VV L >W ,- • HAV L,Wl
23 ' 2:22 4.7 0:10 0.S 4:20 - 3.0 0:01 S.O
;;o S:01 4.5 10:12 .1.0 6::« 3.0|10:0l 3.0
Zl :::M .4.3 11:00 1.1 6:35 4.0|U:17 3.1
1 4:4« 4.2 12:0? 1.1 7:28 4.1.....;.;..
L. W I1C--W L W • H W
2 0:231 2.2] B:f.« 4.2 12:52 .1.1! 8:10 : 4.3
,3 1:20k 2.0 7:0C, 4.3 1:40 1.1 8:46 .4.7
4 2:09 2.5 8:13 .4.4 2:30 1.1 0:20 .4.0
V Steamer. \'-J .•;,-..;- '.For.- : ' ; ¦ -Sails.'
Dolphin, vi... Skagway. &•, Way -Ports. Mar.' 30
Cottage City: Skagvray •& Way ; Ports. Mar.: 31
City Topeka: Skagway & Way Ports. Apr.": 2
Humboldt. . . . Skagway ; & Way Ports. Apr.' 4
Karallon ..... Skagw8 y & Way ', Ports. Apr. •' 5
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way . Ports. Apr. 6
Al-Kl V. . . Skagway '& ¦ Way ". Ports. | Apr. 8
For.
Steamer. I
Destination.
I Sails. I Pier.
Sails.
.¦¦¦¦¦ .'•
. . . ' March 29;
Rival . . Wlllapa Harbor. . . .
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena .*.....
Humbflldt. . SUagway via Seattle
Peking..... China &, Japan....
Alameda... Honolulu ..........
Australia.. Tahiti direct ...:.\
G. Elder... Astoria. & Portland
. March 30. ,.'
Czarina. . . . Seattle & Tacoma. .
Eureka.... Humboldt
Spokane... San Diego & Way.
31 arch 31.
Bonlta. .... Newport & Way Pta
April 1.
Phoenix. .'. . Mendocino City
Coronado. . Grays Harbor ...:..
Aberdeen.. Astoria '& Portland.
Arcata ..... Coos Bay & Pt Orf d
Empire... . Coos . Bay- ....;.'...
Queen..... Puget ' Sound Ports.
Meteor.".... Seattle & Tacoma;
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor. .....
April 3. .,
Mandalay . . Coquille River.
Pomona. .'. . Humboldt '.'."
State Cal.. San Diego & Way..
Ateo. ...... Ferndale & Eel.Riv.
North Fork. Humboldt .*..•.:.-...
April 3.
I.akme Astoria & Portland.
New-burg. ..Grays Harbor ¦ ..'.'..
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.
J.S.KImball Seattle & Tacoma..
April 4. -
Coos Bay. . San Pedro &' Way.
r ¦ April 5. /
Kureka.... Honolulu v. Seattle.
Hyades.... Honolulu & Kahulul
April -G. .
Umatilla... Fugret Sound Porte.
.;,.:„.. .. ¦¦'-¦-..,. April . 7. ¦-
Alliance... Portland & Way Pts
Curacao ... Mexican Ports . .'. .
4 pm Pier ' 2
5 pm Pier.'v 2
2 pm Pier \'£
9 am Pier 3
1 pm PMSS
2 pm Pier. 7
10 am Pier- 7
11 am Pier 24
10 am Pier ' 8
9 am Pier 13
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
3 pm Pier 13
5 pm Pier. 2
'5 pm|Pier"2
12 miPierl.j
12 g m Pier 13
11 am Pier
6 pm Pier 27-
.....¦; Pier —
...... Pier: 2
1:30 p Pier :»
» am Pier ill
'4 pm Pier'- 2
9 am Pier 2
....v: Pier —
5 pm Pier - 2
11- am Pier 24
10 am Pier 2
9 am Pier 11
...... |Pier —
!...:..|Pier'-^-
9 am Pler.il
'. .\ ... Pier * *
10 am Pier 11
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Sequoia . Ban Pedro ............. Mar. 2t»
Del Norte Crescent City .......... Mar. 29
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul .~. . Mar. 2S>
Meteor. . : Seattle v. • Roche Harbor Ma r. 29
Gaelic China '& Japan ."..:.... Mar. 29
City Sydney.. Panama & Way Ports.. Mar. 29
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 20
Aberdeen.... San Pedro . .. .JMar. 29
Arcata. , . .'. .. Coos Bay & Port Orford.IMar.30
Crescent City Crescent City ........ . . Mar. 30
Lakme. Portland & , Astoria. . . . |Mar. 30
Mandalay Coqullle River.'. ... .. .: . Mar. 30
Newburg Grays Harbor ..Mar. 30
State cf Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports Mar. 30
NorthFork:. Humboldt Mar. 30
Curacao ..... Mexican Ports .......... Mar. 30
Pleiades..... Seattle ................. Mar. 30
Phoenix . . Mendocino City . ..... . . Mar. 30
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 31
Sierra Sydney- & Way. Ports.. Mar. 31
Pomona. ..... Humboldt Mar. 31
Asuncion '. Tacoma : Mar. 31
Empire...... Coos Bay ...... Mar.31
Victoria Oyster Harbor ........ Apr. 1
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. 1
San Mateo Xanaimo Apr. 1
M. Dollar. . . . San Pedro Apr. 1
Aztec. Tacoma ................ Apr. 2
UmatlUa Puget Sound Ports..... Apr. '1
Eureka Humboldt .......:.... . . Apr. 2
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports Apr. ; 3
Hermonthis.. Seattle .:'............... Apr.. ',3
Point Arena. . Point Arena ....¦.....'.. Apr. I 3
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Apr. ¦ 4
Hong. Maru. China and Japan....... Apr. 5
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 5
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. . 5
Chehalis...:. Grays Harbor Apr. ; fi
Santa Ana. . . Seattle & Tacoma . . Apr. ¦ 6
City Puebla. . I Puget Sound' Ports. . . . . Apr. 7
Acapulco I Panama . & Way Ports. Apr. ' 7
ABSQ^UTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS musl
hear signature of y^^^^nf,
¦Very BisiaU and as easy^, ; ._ ¦,
to talt© as sugar.
CCC UiMTrfp" 11 HEADACHE. CCC
• SEE CARTERS FOB D, nl!IKS . bbb
r^kiTT3r FOR BIUOUSHESS. />™TfTf*T^
GFNUiNE Wil/FB FOR TORPID LIVER. GENUINE
ULWUim: J TVER r,r comstipatiw.
•inn , DD rn j^ m FOR SALLOW SK!K. WRAPPER
"T3T?T-pir«T l sr) O2ST J2.EID PAPER."
RAILWAY TEAVEL.
Throughout a great nation of eighty million
it is a- desperate strug-gle to secure even a rec-
ognition for. a new article, tosay nothing of
achieving popular favor, and -yet within one
Than One Year.
A New i Catarrh Cupa Secures
National Popularity in Less
Reward of Merit
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVEHTISSlffEITTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Skeens Painless St-icture Curo eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cle&asing and healing from the
start, allaying inflammation ' and enlargement :
of the Prostate Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
" No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. "We '
positively gtiarantad a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in every case, and you can
Pay When Cured.
¦¦ - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ...... • ¦- *'¦ ¦¦ I
We mean just what we say, and it costs nothing i
to investigate. Our remedy is a direct local' ap-
plication to the affected parts, and U absolutely '
harmless. Will mail in plain sealed envelope, to
any- address, bur interesting book, "An Honest
Talk;' containing many testimonials, also, «
F 85 IFF 1 ' 15 DAYS' !
F ¦¦¦**. SL EL TRIAL TREATN1ENT. '
D. A. SXEEN CO.122 Atlas Bank BIdg., Cindnna^Q' I
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN. .
Kstablished 18S1. Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. 'WARD &
CO. European clan. Rooms,' SOc to $1 50 day;
$5 to is week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
not and cold water every room; fire grates In
every room: elevator runs all night.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
NAN KlCAN«:iN<:<>. '
. (Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
tsAYx — Fiiom February 9. 1901 — akbitb
7iOUa Benida, Stiisun, Elmlr* and Sacra- [
— >- --• nieuto.... .«••......•••••.•••.«••.. II:5?S»
<:OOa Vacaville. Wlaten, Ram«er 7:33»
7:at>A Martiiie7,S*ul:»iiioD,Vallojo. Napa, .
C«liat»s& and Hanta Kiibh 0:23f
S:O«»A DaTls, Woodland, Knifbts Landing.
MarjSTllle. orotjlle^ 7i3*f
SiOOa Atlantic I'.ipresi-Ogaan and Rait H:S3a
f):U<U Xllea, Lathrnp, Stockton ?i23r
' SiOOa Nile*, Mendota, Hanford. Viaalia,
; Fortferrllle v .. ««O5»
S:S(IA Shinto ICxprcea— I>*»ls, Williams "lot ¦ • ¦
- - '.: Iiartlett Springs). Willows, Bed
• ' ¦ Bluff, Portland.. . ! '..... \ 7lO3» -
• ¦:ioa San Jo»e, . Llrermore, Htooktnn,
Jane, Hadranteiito, 1'lic-rTllle, '
M«rj»»lll», Chlcn. IU.I 1!1m(T 4:S.1f
N:8Oa Oakdalr, Ofatneie,Honora, Tuolumn* 4:Vt5f
»:»«» IUjw»nI. Mies aud W*y Butioui.. 1 I<S3a
(mOA Vallcjo 1X<23»
»:OOa Ixui Anse'.es Expresa — Martlnes.
Traer. l.*tlirc»j>. ritoflktou. Mereea
•¦ Krediin mid L<>« AngeVn 7:S3a
»:»<•* Tallin, iviartluex ami Way Ststlcfl* 7:-V»F
I OiOwa Th« Ojerland Min!tetl— Ogdeo, Den.
- ler, Umaba. Cbicafo Bi23»
fliOOp Bacrainunto KWrr SLe.mern flliOOF
' S>»«r llenlcla. Winters, Haoramento.
WoiMllanil. KniidiU . J.»ndlng. "j ;
M»r»«»lll B . Oro.lllo 1 0:3-1 »
«:3O r If ay ward. Niles and Way Stations.. 7i53»
4tu»p M»rtlner. Han Itatnon, Valiejo,
Nnp», lUIUtiiKa. .Santa Hoik 9i2.1*
4i«Or Nile-, LI»emiore. Stockton. Loill... 12>st9r
Ai'A'ig Hayvard. Nilen, HaiiJmo, UTrrmore {8i33a
' 4iSl»p Tlio Owl Limited i- Fresno, Tulare.
Itukeriitlnld. Hixugui for Bauta Bar*
liura, I»s Aniceles... .............. RiUt
/ Bioop Fort Costa. Tracy. Lalhrop. Stockton 1 ni'Z3 A
/ BXiOr Martin* r. Antioch. Btockton. Her- -
ooJ.Freeno l*:25r
ff:«M»p ria/wani, Niles and 8au Jose... .... 7<S5*
flliOOp Valiejo Ui35«
•¦OOpOrlnnial ATafl— Ogden, , Donrer,
Omaha. 8t. Louis. 'Jnlcago 4iS9» -
. TiOOr Oregon ami Oalllomla ICii-rotiii.Hao-
THinuntii. Maryiifllle.- ItpiliUiie.
r..rt!».i.l. Png«i riiMiixl ami Cast *tSS«,
Bifl.TrSan Fablo, Fort Conta, MarUaes
.' and Way stations lli2S«
t^tO-tP V»H-J'» 7t53>
COAST LINE (Hitrron «ang»).
/, (Fc<it of Market Street.) '
••IOa Nowark.C'ont.rtlll<?,8»ti.los'5. Ifplton. . .
lioulder Ureak.Haula Cruz and Way
Htailons V •«¦•»
tftilttp Newark Oanlettllle. Ban .To«9, N«w
Almiit«D, Feltnn, Konlder vJreok,
Hanta Vtn% and lriaclpal Way
Stations IOin*A
4ilHr Newark. Hun Jo««, I.os GaU«. ...... tSiBOA
•O.3or Huntrn' Train— San Jose and Way
St\tlons J7.»W
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SiX FRiNCISCO-Fooi «f Mtrktt Sweat (Slip 8)-
t'<:lB !):00 ll:00».M. l:C3 3:30 g;l5r.«.
ri-tiB 011L1H9 — r«9t •! Br«»dw«j,_ tii ; 00 Ja;OO t3rf»
10:00 i.M. 12-.C0 2:00 ¦ i:00r.M. V
COAST IilNB (Hroa.1 H»n S «).
(ThlriUi.dToMriiaeiulSts.)
O:IOa Ban Jose and Way hUtions.. ........ A:4«a
7:00a Hail. Jnse and Way SUUuiis f0>OO*
: /7i«m»a Naw Almaflen..... ...............;..'/ *Jl«»
' SiOOa Coast Line limited — San Jose,
. - -- Gllroy, Saliuas, Bar. Luis Oblgpo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles cind
principal Intermediate stations.... t0i49a>
••6O* Han Juts. Tres I'ioos, Hanta «:mv
ParSiie Ur<»<>, halinas. fian Lci» ¦ .
Cblspo ami Principal liitermediat*
HtiiMmiK <llOr
- lOinOA San JcseandWay Stations.. «<»•*
9 I::ioa Han .line rh.» Way HtaLlnns tti4*A
tSiiar «an Matno. Hedwootl, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Hanta Clara, San .lose,
Tres Pino*. Hanta Crux. Salluaa.
Monterey ami I'aoille (JroTa...... 1IOi43a
•:H»r Han Jose and Way Stations. lriU»»
MtltVp San Jonc> anil Principal Way fltnt!?ns SiS«s>
«tOOr Bnnset limited— Mondays, Wednes-
\ days, Friday, for Lot Angeles, El
. . ¦" Paso. New urleans and New York. ...
Arrives Sundays. . Toesdaji and
Thursdays IOiISa
fOltOrSan .lon», Los Gatos and Frlneipal
¦¦-¦ Way Stations....... .............. 1!»iOOa
BtSOr San Jose auil 1'rlnalpal Way Stations B:3«»
S::tOr 8au.los«anil Way Mtabtous.. ....... 7>HO»
7i«O » New Orleans Expre«a — rtan I>nl*
Obliipo, Santa Barbara, I-O4 An-
eeles, D-mlng. El Paso, New Or*
- loans aud East .................... HiMt
f*ll4.1p San Joseityd Way Stations 7>»»>
? for Morninf. : •¦ P for Afternoon. ,
t Sunday eiCBji tad, ¦ J Sunday only. 1
jUsSWh fialf . _* : '.--¦/ Tuesdays an4 jTrldaf^.
ftUHTH PACIFIC GOASI RAltHOAO.
Via Sausallt3'F«rry, '
Commencing September 20. 1001
FROM t>Aj\ *'i<Ai\ClbCO-'ro UiLJu VALLEY
AMJ b'AWKAFAEl,
WEEK DAXH~- 6:65. S:M. »9:jw, 11:00 a. m
•l:i&, a:15, 4:15, 6:J5, •6:15,. 0:45 p. m "
; KXTRA TIUl'S— Kcri 2U1I1 Valley and San
l;atacl on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday
•at«:.J0 ix.uA ll:4u p. m. .- *
Slj^'DAVS — *8:00, »:00 ••10:00 . »ll:30 a. m
*1 : 15; a :10. *i:45. O:JJO, 0:30 p.m. '
. Tialns -marked (•> run to San Quentin
FItOM SAN RAFAEL, ' TO SAN FK AN CISCO
•; WKEli -.DAYS— *5:S5. C:27.-7M5. 8:33 io-V-;
a.. in.. •••12:^i. 2:15. ».J :^5.« 4 : 10. 5:30 p m
. . EXTRA -TRIPS on ..Mondays. . Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 6:45 and l>:io p. m uays
SUNDAYS— C:15, ••8:00. n0:00. »11:45 a m
•1:W. *;S:15, 4:45. *U:30 p. "rn. ' In -
'Trains marked (•) start from San Qupntin
FROM MILL, VALL-EY TO SAX FRANmm
-' WEEK DAYS— 5:tr». G:45. T:53 sTk io,?n
a: m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50.-5:10 p. m ' 1Ol "°
¦y: EXTRA - TRIPS on / Monday?. 'Wednp.rt,
i -and 'Saturdays -at 7:10 and 10:S5 D ra s ys
:• '-SUNOAYS— S:Oo.t 1O:C5 a. :: m., 12-03 «>.,-
;'.".;M, 3:C» -6:4.1 r.rm. . •\''?'' 1 ?.'
I THttOUGH TRAINS
I .Sv- m - • WMk daJS - CaZ3derO *««
k'uinS- m - SatUrdaJ " S ~ DUnCan Mills »nd way
stations 3 : Sunda 7 s - r>un^n Mill, and. way
Fairfax. Sundays— 8:00, 9:00, 10:00. H;3o
.^al Holiday boat, and train, will ru^on
• Send ; for book on . cause and i cure > of cetarrh
malled'free. . Address, F. A. Stuart Co., Mar-
shall, Mich.. • - ;¦ • : ¦ , .
¦;: Mrs.' Jerome .Ellison 'of Wheeling, W. - Va.:,
writes :». ."I ; suffered from catarrh nearly: my
.whole life and last winter my two children also
suffered from catarrhal colds and sore throat so
much they were out of school a large portion oi
the winter. 'My brother, who -was cured of ca-
tarrhal deafness by using Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets, urged me to try them so much that I did
bo and am I truly thankful . for I what they have
done for 'myself and my . children." - I always
keep a box of. the tablets 'In the house and at
the first appearance of a cold or sore throat wo
nip jit; in. the bud and catarrh -is no longer a
household affliction with us." ¦¦' :• . ¦.¦.;..
••Full clzed package3 : of Stuart's Catarrh Tab-'
lets are sold for. fifty, cents at all druggists. -';
; . -Dr. J.' J.-Rel tiger of Covington,' Ky., says: "1
suffered from .catarrh in my head and threat
every fall, with stoppage of the nose and Irrita-
tion- in, the throat affecting my voice. and often
extending: to "the stomach, causing catarrh oi
the stomach. I bought a fifty cent package of
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets at. my druggist's, car-
ried them. in rriy pocket and used them faithful-
ly, and the way in which they cleared my head
and throat was certainly remarkable. I had no
catarrh last winter and spring and consider my-
self entirely. . free from any. catarrhal trouble."
They contain no cocaine: nor. opiate, and are
given to little children with entire safety and
benefit. ~ . - ;
; ¦•-' j Physicians, I who '¦¦ formerly j depended upon is-
halers, - sprays . and local washes -or ointments,
now use. Stuart's Catarrh :. Tablets because, as
one of the" most prominent stated, these -tablets
contain ¦ in , pleasant, convenient form all the
really efficient catarrh remedies, such as red
gum, blood root and similar antiseptics.' . /
To be sure a large amount of advertising was
necessary In the first Instance, to bring the rem-
edy to the attention of. the public, but everyone
familiar with the subject knows that advertis-
inff alone never made . any article permanently
Successful. | It must have In addition absolute,
undeniable merit; and this the new catarrh cure
certainly possesses in a marked degree. ¦
year Stuart's Catarrh Tablets, vthe new catarrh
cure, has met with such success that to-day it
can be found in every drug store throughout
the United States and Canada.
ADVEKTIS33CENTS. <
I ''./,[ " .'•.". "~o. .-/¦'
897 ; Market St., j£°& .
O A I" V n fl \l K I Ccrner Fourth an.l
¦.•'•-... \ , .'. l .• valUe* ;checwea fr*« .
Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTKRS. THJS
: Great \ Mexican . Remedy ; ¦ gives health and
•treneth to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
SuRJFJES dl
weakens the body and de- •
grades the mind. It saps
the nervous strength that
is the source of all health,
and perverts the functions
of every organ. Because
of its stubborn nature, it is"
often called incurable. This
is not true. There is one
medicine that never fails to
check the nervous spasms
and give new strength to
the entire system.
"Our baby boy had epileptic spasms
and the physicians were unable to do
anything to help him. "We heard of
Dr. Miles* Nervine, and from the time
he took the first dose he never had
another attack," Mrs. J. Penxer,
459 N. Meridiem Avc, Anderson, Ind.
IHHBHHHflflMBtflflBBEfklhdMHB
Dr. Miles'
allays nervous irritation,
stops spasms, restores di-
Igestion and mental vigor.
' Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkhart, Ind.
A Trip Across
the Continent
•with one of the Burlington
' Overland Excursions is a
veritable holiday on wheels. {
The cars are comfortable; ?
the route, interesting; the
people, pleasant; the ex-
cursion manager, accomxno-
dating, and the "porters
obliging. i
Don't worry. You'll en- [
joy your trip — every min- \
ute of it.
From San Francisco three I
times a week — Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City, St. Louis,
and everywhere beyond.
Glad to give you more in- ' J
formation. Call or write.
I "~~| W. D. SANSORN, C
tSSTi^^Ij C«n«ral Aqant,
63 1 Market St., J
jg^^Mjflg] San Francisco,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. Ca
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AN 3 NOHTH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St,
San Francisco to San Rafaat.
WJEEK DATS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Exir*
. trip at ll:."5O p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip*
at 1 :5O and 11 :30 p.* m."
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
1: 00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael t~ San Fpanclaco.
"WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
. 12:45. 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:10, 3:40.
5:05, «:25 p. m. «
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [Apr. 2S. 1901| San Francisco.
Week ) Sun- I : I Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. | Destination [ daya. ( Days.
7:30aml S :00am Novato 10:40am| 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm'10:25ara
5:10pm! 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pmj 6:20pm
Fulton,
7:30am Windsor, 10:23aa
5:00pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
Lytton.
! Geyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm,
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and Ukiah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerneville. 7:35pm ,
• 3:30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30amj 3:00am |10:40am!l0:23am
3:30pm| 5:C0pm Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrorla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs,- Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr's Hot Springs,
Hendocino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Willits, Laytonville. Cummins. Bell's Springs!
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronicl*
building. \
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAJT,
Gen Manager. r Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local LinVd Ovri'd Local
Daily Daily Dally Daily
Lr. San Fran. 7:20 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10: IS a 11 :4d a 11:10 p 7:18 p
'• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
." Fresno... 2:05p 2:35 p \i: 15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a .......
¦ •• ... 3:30 p 5:00 a .......
¦¦.*" Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
•• Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7;3Oa
"Chicago 2:15p 9:0Op
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train is the California . Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
¦: Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets arp honored on this train." Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. daily.
: 4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
P. m. daily. ¦ ¦•¦•»-
• 8 p. m. ¦ is the Overland Express, witli
through Palace and - Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
. Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7 :20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points. !n San Joanuin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — Cll Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. _
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Bausalito Ferry _ • • Amve
San Fran. ' Foot of Market St. ' San Fran. '
:^ C irj~S"unT "Jun-. I Week'
las 1: niS.t ?* : T?£££*~ *'• *» ' :
lltl.-.p.h"-^ 4011 " 1 ""- 5:55 F.
F»rf . Sun rr»-wij«> tr «um.nit ud Ba^ini. Jl 9ft.
jf^^s ® 7 ' GiVfopa's Dispeusary,
jg^^^S^ 6i29 SEAR5V ST. Ejitabltolipd
K||*fs{ ss 'S^I'» 15T4 fortlio treatmeot «>f I'rivaw
5|Si*jiBwOi«p«ses. I>vst M»n»i<«««l. DeMiHy or
•SStwl Jg&'^^asf wearingnn bodyantliiiiit'lai'a
?«SBraS iSiSkln Discuses. The Doctor cures when
t^SSi^lfrasJ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
i^ti£S«!&3*'iirr« Eoarnntrrd. Callorwrl»
I>r. J, JF. filBBOM. sau Francisco. OU> .Dun's Review of Trade.
At the regiilar meeting of th© San Fran
cisco County "Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union, held at the headquarters, 132
McAllister street. It was proposed to hold
the monthly meetings with different
unions of the county, making: each an all
day gathering, with business meeting in
the forenoon and an Interesting pro
gramme at the afternoon session, which
shall be open to the public. The plan was
adopted and the first meeting will be held
the fourth "Wednesday in May.
A resolution was also adopted approv
ing the action of : the. Police Commission
ers In ref usingr. to renew the license of the
Cafe Royal and In closing other gambling
places; also one of appreciation of the
temperance articles which have appeared
Adopt All Day Meeting-a,
Stocks ¦ were uninteresting yesterday. The
Stock and Bond Exchange stands adjourned to
Monday, and there was not much activity \>n
the Oil Exchange, the flurry in Sterling having
largely s'ubsided. -
The Imperial Oil Company has declared a
dividend of 20c per share, payable April 7.
The Thirty-Three Oil Company has declared
a dividend of 10c per share, payable April 7.
Air assessment of lc per share has been
levied by . the Consolidated Imperial Mining
Company. ¦ •' .
- PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
' Morning Session. •
Board — •*'/
350 Four •• ...$.. 51
10 Home 3 75
50 Lion ..' 08
500 Lion) ......... .'..' 07 -
550 Monarch of Arizona ..;...... 17
34 Monarch of Arizona..'. '. 15'
55(iO Petroleum Center. 07 :
oOOO Petroleum Center, S 90..... 07
¦500 Reed Crude; S3; :...,.... 34
200 Sovereign ...":.;...."...... ,"?2
600 Sovereign, S . 00 , . . fl2 '
450 Sterling 1 52U .
500 Sterling, B 00. 1 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — • . . .- . ' .
100 Monte Cristo... 1 45
800 Occidental of W r Va. ...........;.. 10 -
5000 Petroleum Center, S 90 07
10(K) 'Reed Crude;. 34 '
200 Sovereign 30
600 Sovereign : r: ' 25
700 Sterling, B 00 1 eo
100 Sterling ........;..... 1 52%
12oO Stellng. S 90 * 1 50
2300 Sterling .'. 1 CO
.100 Sterling, B 30...:....'. 1 50^
MINING STOCKS.'
- .The following were^the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Boaid yesterday:
- ' Mornins Session.
300 Chollar ' l«f 100 Occidental .. 08
. 100 C C & Va.... 1-30 100 Ophlr 1 00
• Ufa) Justice 09 1000 Potosl ....... 15
200 Mexican.; 49 5C0 Sierra Nev. .. 26
¦'Afternoon Session.:
.100 Best & Bel... 26, 500 Potosl'. ... ' 15
400 Chollar - 12 "200 Potost ..^....14
500 Justice ...... 09 1100 Savage ... 05
- 300 Mexican ..... 49 600 Sierra Nev... 25
•350 Ophir ....... 1 00
• The following were the sales in the Pacific
.Stock Board yesterday: ; -.'.
.. . . ' Morning Session. :
300 Best & Bel. . ; 7 26 200 Ophlr 1 m
200 Chollar ...... 13 C00 Overman "" • C9
100 C C & Va..l 27% ,300 Potosl.. in
5C0 Gould & Cur. 10 200 Sierra 'Nev - 26
700 Mexican...... 48 300 Silver Hill'" 57
200 Ophir .....1 02% 200 Silver Hill.!. 60
", -. > Afternoon Session. • . . •
500 Best & Bel ..." 26 300 Ophir . . 1 00
300 Chollar ..:... - 12 : 500 Overman " m
300 Chollar .... 12% .500 Savage .'. ""'ok
100 C C & Va....l 30 2C0 Sierra Nev'"' 2S
500 Gould • & Cur. 10 200 Silver • Hill .' ' ' R«
'200 Mexican .... .¦ 49 1 ; > '
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
: FRIDAY,' March 2S— 4 p. : m."
' -' Bid. Ask. '. ':¦' BidAqlr
Mpha . . . ; 02 . 03 Justice . . . . 08 09 •
Alta 04 06 Kentuck .....' 01 02
\ndes. ....... 04 : 05 Lady Wash ' \ '04
Itelcher . . v.~. 05 • 00 Mexican .. ' 48 ¦"'"¦' 49
Best & Bel... 20 - 27 Occidental .'.: 08 .10
Bulllon'...... ! -02 03|Ophir ...-....• 08 1 05
Caledonia ... 46 48 ; Overman '"...; OS . 09
Challenge ... 18" 20 Potosl, ..;'.:.. 14 ' k;
Chollar ...... 12 . 13 Savage .'..... 05 00
Confidence ..' 63 v. 67 Scorpion .. ' ' 04
C C & Va. ...1 25|1 30 Segr Belcher. . 02- (XI
'^on v Imperial. - — «_-, 01 Sierra Nev. .. 25 " 26"
Con , N Y . . . '. 01 ; 02 Silver Hill : . . 55 68
Crown Point. ' 01 . Co St.LouiB.".'. . .' 00 —
Eureka Con.. 18 -^- Syndicate .".. :: -' — ; ' tH5
Exchequer ...01 '02 Union Con .' . . 26 ' 1 27
I'ould & Cur.': 09 10 Utah :*. ..•.....' 06 "07
Hale & Nor.. .,26 20 Yel Jacket.".. 1C ," 18
Julia ........ — Oil ¦¦¦
First PresbyteriMu"!,.. •"¦ . :
MORNING.
Organ Prelude Batiste
Doxology :..»..
Invocation '. .'. .' • ".......".*
Chant "The Lord's Prayer"
-Anthem. "Speak Ye Comfortably" Shackley
Psalter Selection 35. Psalms 95 and 90
••....•.. By the Choir
Hymn 100. "Christ the Lord Is risen To-day."
Scriptures ..........John xl:l-20
Hymn 105, "Golden Harps Are. Sounding "
Prayer
Offertory, contralto solo. "Come See the
Place Where Jesus Lay" Parker
Miss Mary E. Rose.
Sermon.. :..v ..Rev. William Kirk Guthrie
Anthem, "Now On The First Day".... Warren
Benediction •
Organ Postlude .' . : ; . . .... Tours
EVENING.
Organ Prelude :.....'.! Devred
Anthem, "Alleluia! Christ Is Risen"... Dennee
Psalter .......Selection 11, Psalm 3.1
Gloria Patri. By the Choir
Hymn 12, "Now the Day is Over."
Bass solo, "The Resurrection" Shelley
George B. McBrlde. » •
Scriptures ; j O hn xx
Hymn 220...... ."Tell Me the Old, Old Story"
Prayer .' ...>..
Organ solo, "Cantllene" .Salome
Offertory, soprano solo, "Eaater"...... Gounod
Miss Mary Chester Williams.
Address Rev. William Kirk Guthrie
Anthem. "The Risen Lord" ....Greene
Benediction .
Organ Pcstlude, "Triumphal' March".. Sullivan
Otto Flelssner, organist and musical director.
Choir: Sopranos — Miss ' Mary Chester Wil
liam* and Mrs. J. Hughes Davles; contraltos —
MIes Mary A: Rose and -rflss Florence Ryder;
tenors — J. -Hughes Davis and A. E. Palmer:
bassos— George B. ' ¦; McBride and Robert H.
Bokee.
California-Street Methodist Episcopal
morning. '
Organ voluntary . .................. . .-. . .Batiste
Anthem, "Break Forth Into Joy" . . ; . . .Simper
Hymn ..........*...-.'.....
Prayer . . . . . . . . . . . '.....:.. .'..... -
Anthem, 1 "They 'Have Taken Away My
Lord" ;. .....'.." Stainer
Scripture ...¦..¦.....:..¦......'........;... .'.-..:...
Anthem. VI Am He That Liveth" .Barnby
Offertory, "Hosanna".. Granler
Hymn \....:.:.:\z.:.-.r.:~:77i : .Trr.vnT.-.v. r^
«— ««» .— --- ¦-
At the Orange auction yesterday three cars
wero offered, but as the bidding was not up to
expectations, most of' the choice and fancy
stock was withdrawn. The prices realtz»d
wero as follows: Fancy Navels, $2 55® 2 60-
Standards, 80c6?l 90; Seedlings sold at »l-io'
In the open market all grades were quoted firm
under a fair demand. Receipts are light as
the*Eastern market Is strong and considerable
shipping, is being done there from interior
points. Dealers hero look for higher prices in
the near future. ¦ .';¦'',¦
Offerings of ripe Bananas are becoming light
and. New Orleans are quoted higher.
' Other fruits show no change.' . - '
APPLES — $2©2 25 per box- for extra, $1 25@
1,75 for good to choice and MJc&;$l lor ordi
nary. . • . :
CITRUS FRUITS— NaVel Oranges, $l<g;i 75
for standard, $1 75@2 CO for choice and S2&2 75
for fancy; extra . laney, |3; Seedlings iW
1 75; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l and
$1 25@1 60 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c@$l lor
common and $1 -Will 75 for good to choice and
$2@2 75 for fancy; Grape Fruit. ?1@3,- includ
ing seedless; • Mexican • Limes, $4 60@S; -Ba
nanas. ?l 75Q2 60 per bunch for New Orleans
and $l<g2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, • |3@4 per
dozen. '" - . . .- *:
Dried Fruits, Nuts 'and Raisins.
The market continues quiet and featureless.
FRUITS— Apricots. S)®llc for Royals and
10@13c for 'standard to fancy Moorparks-
Evaporated ¦ Apples, .-8@9c; ;aun .dried 6c-
Peaches, 6V408»4c; Pears, 0@Uc; Plums, . pitted,"
r>@tic; unpitted, l%@2V4c; Nectarines, 5%@6o
for. red and 0»/4ig;«c for white; figs, 4Uo for"
black and 5J,4@«c for white.
: PRUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
S0-40's, •6@6%c; 40-60s, ; 4%©5%c; 80-60' s, 4>4'
@4%c; (X)-7(rs, 3%@4>4c; 70-80's. 3Vi@:«94c: 80
90's, 2%@3Vic; 90-100 > s. 2%@2%c per lb.
¦ RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown; 8c; 2-crown, OVT
@"9ic;' Loose Muscatels. tiVio'for 4-crown and
t>V*c for seedless; G-crown, -0c; 2-crown, 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas, ,6%c for unbleached and ,7©
8%c for bleached;* >; Clusters— Imperials, $3; De
hesa,- $2 f>0;' Fancy, $1'75;- -London . : Layers
$1 2. r >«tl 35. . - :. '
NUTS — Walnuts, No. '1 sofUhell,* 9U#10c;
No. 2 8<mU.c: No.. 1 hardshell. 9c: No.-2.;7«u
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old, '"o@llc;
Ycuut,' America, SJjlOc; Eastern, XJ©15c i>er
pound. -• ,
EGGS— Ranch, 14@15c, with occasional sales
higher; store, lo(fi'14c per dozen.
Receipts were 48,400 pounds and 16 tubs of
Butter. 1889 cases of Eggs, 11.250 pounds of
California Cheese, pounds of Ore"-oa
Cheeso and pounds of Eastern Cheeee
HU'ITKK — Creamery, 21c per pound for
fancy 20c for firsts and 19c for seconds
dairy, 17@19c; store Butter, luai~c per
pound.
All descriptions under this head are weak,
with excessive stocks. Butter is accumulating
and a further decline is not unlikely. Cheese
was quoted still lower on the Exchange 9c
being the quotation, for chotce mild new 'and
8611c for old. while Young Americas were left
at 8?J10c. Supplies of Eggs continue In ex
cess of market needs and storing has to be
freely resorted to in order to keep stocks down
to anyth.ng like reasonable volume.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
. Marzo's Grand Mass will be rendered by the
following singers: . Sopranos— Miss G. Frost,
Mrs^ A. H. Wlllson. Miss M. Cook and Miss A
McCarthy; altos— Miss B. . Peguilllan. Miss L
w »son and Miss Wilbur: tenors— B. Barrandi
and G.. Kelley; .basses — M. . Perron and-T
Jacques. . - . .
Offertory, ','Regina Coeli' ' r
"••••••••••; -.Mrs. Alvlna H. Willson
Violinist, Mme. Prankhard.
Oreanist, Mrs. E> Gowan. ¦
• . Musical director. Miss G. Frost.
EVENING.
Solemn vespers will be sung at- 7:30 p m
"O Salutarls" B . Barrond*'
Tantum Ergo... Miss Frost and Robert Bonner
Eaater Anthem Miss L. Wilson
Holy Cross.
MORNING."
.High mass will be celebrated at 11 o'clock
R o ?y- F ? the {; McMahon will be celebrant;
McTon^h I,^ aher ' deacon . a «d Rev. Father
McGough, sub-deacon. Father McGough will
also deliver the sermon of the day
_ The choir under the direction of Mrs. A. B.
Collins will render Giorza's Mass No 1 The
offertory will be "Regina Coe?*» by VlJtor
Hammerlll. Soloists— Mrs. B. F. Sides Miss
£h y midY aUtln ' W-odbd*. and .£.
St. Francis.
NEW YORK. March 2S. — Bradstreet's to
morrow will say:
Trade activities have shifted from first to
second hands this week. Wholesale and Job
bing distribution of dry goods, clothing, hats
and cape, millinery and ehoes has been rather
quieter, as was only natural, in view of the
culmination of the spring demand before
Easter. Retail distribution, favored by spring
v.-cather, has been very active East and West,
with a fair business at the South.
Among the industries new demand for iron
end steel has on the whole been lees active.
production and shipment have gone for
ward at undimlnished epeed. The building
trades have taken a decided spurt in activity.
Lumber is active at all markets at higher prices
than ruled a year ago. The edge has rather
been taken off cotton and cotton goods prices
by the reaction in the raw material and the
talk of further labor unscttlement, but values
at a whole are Eteady.
Aggressive strength ia prices is chiefly mani
fested by hoj product?, which, it is declared,
have been manipulated by packers. A more
reasonatale explanation, however, is that the
high prices tor beef and mutton have largely
diverted consumption tc hog products. Milder
¦weather has relieved the strain on the coal
trade somewhat, but strike talk has prevented
weakness in price*. -^
Rather leas activity in iron and steel Is
noted, but no loss of price firmness Is observ
able The peculiar situation of- the foundry
plgiron market is shown by the fact that prices
of that grade arc *l higher per ton than Bes
eemer. Finished iron and steel has been active,
Implement and wagon manufacturers buying
heavily of steel bars, which are nominally $2
per ton higher. Despite the fact that tin plate
nillU are- booked for five months ahead, th
leadirg interest continues to take orders at S4
tier brx. Testimony to the activity in hard
ware is well nigh unanimous. Chicago reports
demand active beyond all precedent. Jobbers
ir. cutlery and hardware at New York report
Inability to secure supplies fast enough. Wool
Ik qultt. Mills are busy on previous orders.
Men's wear clothing is dull. Boots anfl shoes
are dull and new business Is smaller. Leather
is quiet and hides are dull and easy. .
The leading cereals are Irregularly lower
after an apparently futile effort at bulling
,^iefs. Last week'e decline brought in con
'Tderable export business in wheat and some
/ revival was reported even in corn. Steady
buying and talk of a squeeze In corn were re
flected eympathrtlcally in wheat. The talk
of a corner in July was aided by the small
supplies of contract grade*, but the tendency
tr» take profits in anticipation of the holidays
¦weakened prices, which generally closed lower
than a week ago. Wheat crop advices have on
the whole been very jrood. though Isolated re
ports of carnage In Kansas and Oklahoma have
be*n received. Thes*. 'however, do not agreo
with Bradstreet'* report of liberal rains in the
Bouthwett and the Improved feeling in business
circles generally in that section.
Wheat, including flcrur, exports for the week
aggregate 2.1)04.110 bushels, agalnet 4.326.304
lapt week and 4.494.C33 in this week last year.
Whoat exports July 1. 1901, to date (thirty-nine
viertu) aggregate 104.399,041 bushels, agalnet
14'.MC3.424 last season.
BuslnfcK3 failures in the United State* for the
week number 183 as against 197 last week. 18»
In thie week iHFt year. 178 in 1000. 190 In 1899
ar.d 22C in 1838. -
Failure* in Canada for the week number 22,
a« against 20 last week and 28 a year ago.
Bradstreet f s on Trade.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits. H 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush; Gray ! Geese. $2 50
@3 50; White Geese, $1@1 50; Brant, ?1@2 per
dozen; Honkers, $3@4; English Snipe, $3; Jack
Snipe. ?1 50@2; Wild Pigeons, $1 25.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14@15c for Gob
blers and 15@ltic for Hens; Geese, per pair
$1 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, |5 50
@6 for old and ?7S}8 for young; Hens, $4<S5 50
young Roosters, $(J 50@7. 60; old Roosters, $4®
4*50; Fryers, *5 50(S«; Broilers, $4 50@5 for
large and ?2 50@3,50 for small; Pigeons, $1 5u
@1 75 per dozen for old and $2 75@3 for
Squabs. ••¦ ,
There was no Eastern Poultry put ¦ on yes
terday. ; The market continued easy 'and Hens
and Small Broilers were, especially weak, with
considerable of the latter carried, over. There
was a good demand for choice | young fowl,
however, 1
Game was as previously quoted, with re
ceipts of 22 sacks.
Poultry and Game.
¦'.•¦¦ FOR FRIDAY, MARCH 28.
Flour, qr sks. .. . . 1,817 1 Hides. No.' .7. . . . 160
Wheat; ctls ;.:.: . 420 J Vallow, ' ctls .":..:' 228
Barley, ctls...l. ; -<>00 Quicksll, flsks.. 25
Hay. tons;....., 404 leather, rolls.'..' .V 31
Straw,' tons... . .£ 3(>j Wine,' gals... ...42.100
Wool, -sks...'. .. 49 j'ugar, ctls..... 2,472
Receipts of Produce.
Tf ¦ . •'
Butter Is cheaper, but Eggs stand as before.
There is no further change in Meats. Mut
ton is scarce, and wholesalers say 'that if it
continues . so prices will probably go up again.
Poultry and Fish are as quoted last week. "
The summer vegetables continue to cheapen
as the season advances, but are still dear.
There Is nothing new in fruits. \ ' ' :
Cannel $— — @13 001 Southfleld - ,
Wellington. @11 00 Wellington $— <gll 00
Seattle .... — —@ 8 50 Coos Bay ... — @ 7 00
Roslyn .... @ 9 U0l Ireta -^10 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.— .". , / •#
Butter, choice, sq40@50 1 Common Eggs... 15@ —
Do good 45® — I Ranch Eggs, per -. '
Common .-.40@ — dozen ;.17%@20
Cheese, Cal ...... 12® 15 Honey, comb, per
Cheese, Eastern.. 17(f»2« pound '.. .15@2O
Cheese, Swiss 20@30 Do extracted. . 8@10
• MEATS, PER LB.—
Baoon ...14@18 Pork Sausages. 12»4@15
Hams .. . 13@17 Smoked Beef ....17@2O
Lard ........ 15® — i •-
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail prices
for meats:" -.- • . .. . •
Roast Beef 10@18 Spring Lamb 15@25
Tenderloin Stk.l5@l"H Roast Mutton.. 12%@15
Porterhous do..l7%@20 Mutton Chops. .12&@15
Round Steak.. .10©l:W Mutton Stew .... 8@10
Beef Stew ... 8@lO Roast Veal ...... 10@15
Corned Beef 8@10.Veal Cutlets \ ;;.15@18
Roast Lamb 15@18 l Roast Pork ...12Vs@15
Lamb Chops 15@20 Pork Chops ..... — @15
POULTRY.AND GAME— * :
Hens, each ..... .50@90 Pigeons, pair 40©50'
Young Roosters, | Squabs,, per pair. 50@65
. each ...... ....75@$1 Rabbits, each. .. .15@20
Old Roosters, ea.50@75 Hare, each — ®20
Fryers,. each ..'. .5O@75 English. Snipe, ¦:
Broilers, each.... 40@t>5! per dozen .. — @$4 00
Turkeys,' per Ib..l8@22 Jack Snipe. ... — @$2 50
Ducks, each 65@$1 Wild Geese, per
Geese each . : .?1 5O@2 pair .75@$l 00
Goslings .': .—%- 50 Brant, each . ... .23@33
FRUITS AND NUTS— • . >
Alligator Pears, Grape Fruit, per » '.
¦ each \ 25@5a dozen" . 50@75
Almonds 15020 Limes, doaen. 10@15'
Apples ....'...:.• 3@ 5 Lemons, dozen. . .20@30
I'ecans .'. . .' — @20jt>ranges, dozen. . .20@60
Brazil Nuts .....20@— Pineapples,, each. 30@50
Bananas, doz...'.15@25 Raisins, per lb.. 6®15
Cocoanuts. each..— <§> 10 Walnuts, pr Ib.l2&@15
Urled Figs,' per lb— @10 : -'
VEGETABLES — r .,''.. . '. '., . ;
Asparagus ...... 8@13 Okra, dried, lb.. —^25
Artichokes, doz. .25(375 Potatoes, per lb. .2@2}£
Beets, dozen ...: 10(^1— New Potatoes...3%@ 5
Beans, white, lb. &$ — Parsnips,' per dz.lo® —
• Colored, per lb. B®r- Radishes, dozen
Dried Lima, lb... ««* 8 bunches .15®20
Cabbage, each. . . . 5® — Rhubarb ..:..... 3@ 6
Celery head..... 5@ — Sweet Potatoes,
Cress, dz bnchs. .20@3a per lb ........ 2%@ 4
Cucumbers, dz.$l 50@2 Sage, .doz bnchs.25@30
Egg Plant, lb. . . .30@40 String Beans, per
-Garlic 4@ 0 pound ..: 15@20
Green Peppers,lb.l5(S25 Summer Squash.
Green Peas. lb... 8W10 per pound. ..12H@15
Lettuce per doz.lB@20 Sgrouts. per lb. . . 5@ 6
Leeks, doz bnchs.l5@20 Sjinach, per lb. . 5®—
Onions. Derlb..2^@ 4 Thyme, dz bchs.. 25^30
Green Onions, dz Turnips, per doz.10®—
: bunches ....... 15@20 Tomatoes, pr lb.8@12ft
Mushrooms, lb...40@60 •
. FISH — ' \ ' ' . ¦ , ''- • ¦ ¦' :
Carp ............ — ®10 Sea Eass ..'..... .—& —
Catnsh ...; .10®— Smelts :..... . .12^^15
I Codfish :...., .-..15^— Soles ......... 12ft@15
Flounders .. .10®— Skates, each »g)i5
; Halibut .. -.;.— ®15 Squid .. ...:.:.. \— @—
Herring ......:. .— ®— Tomcod ..10®12^
Mackerel ........— @— Turbot ....;.... .20®3o
- EHj horse. — @ — Trout ....... . __<g
Perch — ® — Brook Trout . . .¦ . — @—
Pomplno ........ 7S<£$1 Whlteflsh ..10@—
Hocknsh :. .—^i3 aams, gallon . . .50§—
Rockfish — 8*1 5 Do. hardshell,
Salmon, fresh.. 12»^@15 per pound ..; 8@10
Do, smoked .... lu#25 Crawfish — ®la Vj
Sardines ........ — @ — Crabs, each .....-^25
-Shrimps i. . . . . . ..10® — Mussels, quart. ..- : -® —
Shad ..........10(812% Oysters, Cal, 1OO.4O@3O
Striped Bass.:.12^i@lE. Do Eastern, dz.25@40
.....'.........'... . '. ..... Mendelssohn
Carol, "Christ Is Risen- Again"... ...Warren
Anthem. "Christ Our Pass-over*'. ...... .Lloyd
"Te Deum In D" ...'. .T- .....Evans
Contralto solo, "The Lord Is Risen".. Lansing
First Congregational.
. " MORNING.
Introit. "Jesus Christ Is Risen To-day"
NEW YORK, March 2S.— The* following ta
ble, compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank
clearings at the principal cities for the. week
ended March 27 with* the percentage of in
crease and decrease as compared with the cor
responding week last year:
_, * . Percentage.
Cities — Clearings. Inc. Dec.
New York $1,29:<.42S,45<> 20.1
Chicago 104,105,810 20.0 ....
Boston 124,277,273 10.0
Philadelphia 111,887,164 15.7
St. Louis 52.229.200 2S.9
Plttsburg 41,015,107 4.2
Baltimore 21,254,551 14 2
San Francisco ... 33,504.370 G8.1
Cincinnati 19.307,650 0.3 ....
Kansas City 17.585, 45S 23. C ....
Cleveland 11. 532,129 .... 0.8
Minneapolis 10,810,002 2.1.7 ....
New Orleans .... 11,600,512 ¦ 5.0
Detroit 8,456,246 4.0
Louisville 8,955.253 18.8 ....
Indianapolis 9,415,023 51.6
Providence 6.C21.600 22.8
Omaha 7.087.158 16.5 ....
Milwaukee (3, 404,376 30.8
Buffalo 4.8S3.553 1.7
St. Paul 5.414.9S0 34.1
St. Joseph 4,187,298 26.0
Denver 4,586,301 .... 0.6
Richmond 3,974,666 8..'!
Savannah 2.818.C86 7.H
Salt Lake City.. 3.521,039 25.8
Albany 2.824,324 7.4
Los Angeles 5,291,624 ....
Memphis 3.134,057 23.0 ....
Fort Worth 2,312.177 5.7
Seattle 2.811,194 24.2
Washington 3,387,624 24.5
Hartford 2.490,2»(J 1.4
Peorla 3.501.855 51.5 ....
Toledo 2,227,532 5.0
Portland, Or .... 3.298.UJ6 58.5 ....
Rochester 2.430.125 32.4 ....
Atlanta 2,097.589 30.8 ....
Des Molnes 1,028,400 20.5
New Haven 1,556,970 31.5 ....
Worcester 1,574,731 6.7
Nashville 1.C82.075 38.3
Springfield, Mass. 1,255,542 3.2 ....
Norfolk 1,351.935 19.2
Grand Rapids 1.402.3S1 26.6
Scranton 1,350.305 11.3
Portland. Me 1.OB3.597 12.1
Sioux City 1,572,756 42.4
Augusta 1,481,146 42.9
Syracuse 950,391 11.2 ....
Dayton. O '... 1,192,744 17.2 > ....
Tacoma 1.13S.312 7.8
Spokane 1,498,720 75.4 ....
Topeka l,457jC8f. 17.0
Davenport SS4.357
Wilmington, Del.. - O73.(WO 10.8 ....
Evansvllle ....... 808,302 3.4 ....
Birmingham 930,950 7.0
Fall River P91.784 45.5
Macon 003,000 26.6
Little Rock 808.419 53.6 '
Helena 400,fi0"i .... 30.4
Knoxvllle 701.505 17.5
Lcwell 405.812
Akron 546,000 29. 7
Wichita 5C1.564 3.1
Springfield. III.... 539.240 9.7 ....
Lexington 5W),1«S 39.1 ....
New Bedford .... 408.803 ]6.3 ....
Chattanooga 492.0C3 24.4 ....
Youngstown ..... 820,311 42.4 ....
Kalamazoo 431,606 54.8
Fargo 352.X81 11.0 ....
Binghamton 344,100 0.9 ....
Rockford 427.096 14.7 ....
Canton , 423.600 61.0
Jacksonville. Fla. 358.805 39.3
Sprlnefleld, O 308,947 14.0 ....
Chester 332.518 6.4 ....
Quincy 416,903
Bloomlngton ..... 347,300 C5.6 4 ...
Sioux Falls 325.438 1.2
Jacksonville. 111.. 179,518 34.6
Fremont 100,850 15.2 ....
•Houston 12.036,084 63.2 ....
•Galveston 6,019,000 ' 8.1
•Columbus, O. ... 6,269,500 24.6 ....
JWheellng 608,104 3.0 ....
tWilkefbarre .... 8C2.598
¦Decatur, 111 ¦ 214,311 , ...0
Totals V. S....$2.OR3.74<».1<KI .... 10.5
Outside N. Y.. 770.324.707 12.1' ....
CANADA.
Montreal 118.925,227 JO. 2 .....
Toronto 15,301,507 39.8 .;..
Winnipeg 2.600.062 Crt.2 ....
Halifax 1,562.117 17.9 ....
Vancouver, B. C. 760,789 - 4. ft ..;.
Hamilton .... 864,268 30.9
St John, N. B.... 6*1,470 13.4
Victoria. B. C 521,087 27.0
JQuebec 1.101.788 ....
Ottawa 1,703,022 .... ....
Totals, Canada.. $41,137,965 '22.5 ....
•Not Included in totals , because containing
other items than clearings. 8Not included- in
totals because of no comparison for last year.'
Condition of the Treasury.
•WASHINGTON, March 28. — To-day's state
ment of the treasury balance In the general
fund, exclusive of/ the 5150.000,000 gold re
serve in the division of ' redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $174,5bS,478; sold.
I92.KHJ.T01- 1
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday;
light northerly changing to fresh westerly
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Southern California — Fair Saturday, except
possibly showers in the mountains; warmer;
liertit northerly winds. .' ;
Nevada — Fair Saturday; warmer; fresh north
erly winds.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. -
The pressure has fallen slowly along tht
coast of California and Oregon. There has also
been a rapid fall over Eastern Arizona, where
a moderate disturbance exists.
The temperature has remained nearly station
ery over the Pacific Coast.
No rain hap fallen in California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 29:
Northern California — Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
- On Easter' Sunday morning the pastor. Rev.
Milton D. Buck. D.D.. will preach on "Resur
rection Results.". The choir will sing the an
them. ".They Have Taken Away My Lord"
(Stainer), and George R. Bird will sing a bass
solo. "Hosanna" (Granier). In r the evening
the Sunday school will conduct the . exercises,
and the choir will sing the anthem. "Praise
Ye the Father" (Gounod). ' -
Trinity Methodist.
Organ prelude In E flat By Lefebvre-Wely
"Gloria" and Invocation ...'..'
Anthem— "God Hath Appointed a Day".. Tours
Solo quartet
Mrs. Monges, ' Mrs. Bolts, Mr. Kent,
Mr. Lackey and choir.
Responsive reading — Psalm lxxil
Quartet — "Christ, the Lord, Is Risen To
. Day" Shelley
Mrs. Monges, Miss Brown, Mr. 'Kent
and Mr. Lackey. ¦ ?
Hymn No. 035 * :.....-..
Soprano solo— "Hosanna" Granler
Mrs. Margaret G. Best.
Scripture . .
Hymn No. 032 !!!!!!!!!!!!
Anthem — "Lovely Appear".. ....*.!!!*" *
••••• Gounod's Redemption
Mrs. Robb and choir.
Prayer '....'.
Choral response— "Sanctus" ! . ! * " ! I !! 1 1 * * * *
Sermon— "Has the Ointment Been Wasted?"
(Jiiertory
Soprano solo— "I Know That My Redeemer
Lneth . ;; . Messiah
. I" Mrs. R. H. Robb. , '
Anthem— King All Glorious" ....Barnby
mV M x7- "? olts ' Mr " Nevegold.
Doxoljg£ ???.:. Mn L * Ckey and chonis -
Organ postlude-March'in'E 'flat .".".'.".'.'.'Gounod
EVENING.
Easter 'programme in Sunday school room,
1:45 p. m.
SUNDAY SCHOOL.
Organ prelude— Allegretto . . Calkin
Doxology and' Invocation •
Anthem — "They Have Taken Away My
Lord" Stalner
Responsive reading, psalm xlv, "Gloria"
Hymn No. 008
Prayer '......
Response (by choir) — "Holy, Holy"
Contralto solo — "The Lord Is Risen"
From Sullivan's "Light of the World"
Miss Grace Hlpkins.
Scripture •
Hymn No. 041
Off ertorjj
Quartet — "Christ Is Risen" Schnecker
Mrs. Robb, Mrs. Bolts, Mr. Nevegold
and Mr. - Dow.
Sermon — "Glad Easter for All the "World"....
Anthem — "Break Forth Into Joy"...... Barnby
Benediction
Organ postlude — Triumphal march Costa
First Methodist Episcopal.
MORNING.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus/.- extra, fancy, 12
©12Msc per lb. 10@llc for 'No. \ and 0@»c for
No. 2; Rhubarb, 75c@?l 25 per ' box; " extra
fancy, $1 50; Green Peas, from Los: Angeles,
4c; Bay Peas, 4@6^c; String Beans,: from Lo*
Angeles, 12%©l'<^c; Cabbage, 40c per,ctl;.LQ8
Angeles Tomatoes. 75c@$l 25 per box and 75c@
$1 25 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25
per box, including repacked ',-. Dried Peppers.
lOiSllc per lb; Los Angeles d<J,'il3@17%c; Dried
Okra, 12Vi@20c per lb; -Carrots, 35<g50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 75c@?l 25 per
dozen for small and $1 50#2 for large; Garlic,
1 1 .<>@2 1 / 4c; Los I Angeles Green Peppers, 15ffl
17^0; Mexican do. 10®12»Sc; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, 25®."10c; Summer Squash, from
Los Angeles. $1 75@2; Marrowfat. Squash, $10®
15 per ton; Hubbard- Squash, ?10<jfl5; Mush
rooms, nominal. .. ' •' " ~>>\ ' -'¦ ': -
ONIONS — Orrgons, ?2 10@2 25 for the best
and $1 75@2 for lower, grades; . Nevada. $2 80
©2 35; Australian S3' 25@'3 75; 'Green Onions,
50@C5c per box. T^*~^r~^ 5^ "f^ -."'"."
POTATOES— New Potatoes, 3@4c per lb;
old, $1 25<gl 40 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 .'t.Vjil 75; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 60@l 00; River Reds. $1 50@l 00;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 60@l 75; small Bur
banks, for seed, $1 20@l 30; Sweets, $1 85 for
Merceds. ' ¦ . . .¦.-.¦¦;•-- '.-;••
The Vegetable market was In good shape and
all descriptions cleaned up well. Receipts
were 292 boxes Asparagus, 605 Rhubarb and
2S»5 sacks Peas from the bay and river. Re
ceipts of Los Angeles Vegetables were 10 sacks
and 20 boxes.
Offerings of Onions are chiefly of inferior
quality and the market is dull. Desirable stock
is scarce and in demand. •¦ •
With the exception of small seed Burbanks
all descriptions of old Potatoes are firm at the
quoted prices. Oregon Potatoes are cleaning
up rapidly in anticipation of light arrivals on
the next steamer. Some extra choice offerings
command a small premium over the quotations.
Receipts of New Potatoes were 00 sacks and
the market cleaned up under a steady Inquiry.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Grace Methodist Episcopal.
EVENING.
Organ sclo — "Allegretto" Weigand
T. K. Wlttich.
"Praise God From Whom All Blessings
Flow" .Choir and congregation
"Lord's Prayer" Pastor and congregation
Responsive eervlce
Leader — Christ oar passover is sacrificed
for us.
Congregation — Therefore let us keep the
feast.
Leader — Not with the old leaven, neither
with the leaven of malice and wickedness.
Congregation — But with the unleavened
bread of sincerity and truth.
Leader — Christ being raised from the
.dead, dleth no more; death, hath no more
dominion over him.
Congregation — For in that he died, he
died unto sin once; but in that he 11 vet h
he liveth unto God.
Leader — Likewise reckon ye also your
selves to be dead indeed unto sin, but alive
unto God through Jesus Christ, our Lord.
Chorus — "Awake, Thou That Sleepest".. Greeno
Violin solo — "Matinatta" Tostl
D. Abbeeassis.
Organist — W. Fletcher Husband.
Tenor solo — "The Resurrection"
• Harry Howe Shelley
. Horace Hanna.
Chorus — "Come See the Place Where Jesus
¦ Lay" Schnecker
Contralto solo — "Risen Lord"
' Alfred J. Caldlcott
Miss Gertrude S. Holmes.
Cello solo— "Adagio" Haydn
P. M. Friedhofer.
Organist — W. Fletcher Husband.
Soprano solo — "The Lord Is Risen".... Lansing
Mrs. Edith Norman Klock.
Violin obllgato
D. Abbecassla.
Chorus— "He Shall Swallow Up Death In
Victory" Grannlsh
Bass solo — "Easter Day" Marzo
• . H. H. Barnhart.
Violin obllgato
IX Abbecaasls.
Offering
Chorus— "Hallelujah" from the "Messiah"!!!!
Hymn 24S— "All Hail the Power of Jesus'
BenS; :::"::::::::!::::::::?^ resatlon
Chorus choir of forty voices, assisted by
Mrs. Edith Norman Klock. soprano: Miss Ger
trude S. Holmes, contralto; Horace Hanna.
tenor; H. H. Barnhart. basso; D. Abbecassis
violin; P, M. Friedhofer. cello; T. K. WitUch!
organist; Robert Husband, musical director
U S ,^^ pi ? nos^". Mls l Ge rtrude Baldwin. Miss Ruth
Baldwin. Miss Sarah F. Goss. Mlsn ALma
Hukill. Mrs. Robert Husband. Mrs. J. E. Munn
Miss Daisy Lee. Miss Hazel Pedlar, Miss Gerl
d Vo^ff M^ 9^^k a e U r bmaa - M1 " Wtal -
« AUo ?T' Mr8 - Hulda Heuer. Mlsa Hulda Hener.
Miss Margaret Harvie. Mrs. A. Moote Mi«a
Mildred Moote. Mlss.Malgren. Miss F. c! Mac
donald. Miss Bessie Pennington. Mrs K'af*
Parks. Miss Claire Pedlar. Miss Taubman.
Tenors— Thomas Fellows. Mark Hopkins N
ert P?unkett°. n ' J ' E ' MUlm ' Fred San^ ey ' Ro^
Bassos— a.* T. .Da via.. John Debbenharn
Henry Felge, Gus Heuer. H. G. RldgwayVW
Fletcher Husband. Robert O'Neill, Irvtngil!
Sanbern. H. B\ Stein, F. G. Reese. * ¦ • ™*
;'; - English. Lutheran. . '
c" I MORNING.
Sermon by the - Rev.. H. L. Yarger, T>. D. at
• Atchison, Kans.
Aa oa Palm Sunday morning, the regular
church choir and the girls' vested choir wilt
unite m leading the praise In UUa service
which will Include the following music- *
"Jesu3 Christ Is Risen To-day" (Proces
sional) .... r . i - on
"This I« the Day" A . w> Ketelbey
Psalm 47, Chant No. 22.. Crotch In A
Offertory. "Awake. Thou That Sleepest"
Hymns *26i.' Vs." 322! * 329: "'.!!". ! '. '. if .. ?.'. . 3^ ttF
In thla service there will be reception of" new'
members of the church and celebration of holy
communion.
EVENING.
Sermon "Machpelah"
Anthem, "Awake. Thou That Sleepest"
: ••* F. C. Maker
Anthem. "I Know That My Redeemer
Liveth"^. ..„....-; t. Mee-Patthron
Offertory, "O. Day of Love Eternal"
Hym^m'VeV/^V.V.V.V.V.V.V^.^.^r.^
The pastor will preach. New members will
be admitted and children may be presented for
baptism. The following musical selections will
be rendered by the large chorus choir under
direction of William Stadtfeld:'
"They Have Taken Away My Lord"...Stainer
"Come Ye Faithful" W. A. Fisher
"Christ Is Risen" J. A. Norrla
"Easter Day" E. Marzo
"Gloria" C. Schilling
Miss Kate Hutchinson. organist, will render
the selections. The soloists will be: Mrs. O.
W. Adderson, Miss Pearl Hassach, Mrs. I:.
Leonhart, Mrs. W. C. .Sadtf eld, Ed Hutcli
lnson, Dr. G. L. Bean.
In the evening the children of the Sunday
school will give an Easter 'praise service under
the direction of Frank Arnold, superintendent.
Third Congregational.
• morning.
THE COAST RECORD.
New York and Sterling Exchange are still
higher. ' .
Sterling Exchange, CO days — $4 SG&
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — . 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — ' 12Vj
New Yerk Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — ' &3%
Mexican Dollars, nominal '¦ — ;' i^'i
Exchange and Bullion.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
poston OC-40 Kansas City. .... .70-46
Cincinnati 00-54 Omaha j 66-42
Philadelphia 5S-42 Ptaicago 06-48
Washington VO-50 Puluth ..56-40
Jacksonville 72-tfO fit. Louis 66-oS
New Tork 02-52 Salt Lake City... 42-3*
NOTE.-c-As the Produce Exchange was not
in session yesterday (Good Friday) there are
no quotations for grains, millstuffs, etc
Gregorian psalter, "Magnificat," "O Salu
taris" and "Tantum Ergo." ' Mr. Rosekrans,
the tenor, will sing Granler's "Hosanna." Mu
sic under the direction of the organist,- John
Haraden Pratt..
VESPERS, 4 P. M.
Solemn high mass, 11 a. m. ; Rosewlg's man
in F, arranged with wind instrument accom
paniment, will be sung. At the offertory Sul
livan's "The Lord Is Risen" will be sung by
the contralto. Miss Birchler.
St. Mary the Virgin.
MORNING.
¦ St. -Paul's Episcopal.
MORNING.
Organ, "Hallelujah" Handel
Processional hymn .
"Christ Our Passover" . . .'. . . .'. /. . . .Best in C
*'Te Deum" ¦.. :.. Dykes in F
."Jubilate" .I;...... King Hall in B
"Kyrle" • ; . . .' :.. Adlam'in F
"Gloria Tlbi" .' . . . ."...; Adlam
Anthem, "Awake, Thou That Sleepest and ;
' v Arise From the Dead' '...........'.. .'Maker.
Communion service Adlam fn F
Organ. '.'Festival March" .Calkin
EVENING. , -
Organ, andante ....Smart
Psalter In F. ; . .King Hall
.''Magnificat" - in G major. ...'.:.. Hunt
"Nunc Dimittis" v . Hunt,
Offertory anthem, • {^Awake, Thou That j
Sleepest" Maker
Organ, "Sing Unto God".. Handel
.The vested choir Is composed of thirty-eight
voluntary members under the direction of J.
II. Hallowell, organist and choirmaster.-..' '
¦ Orchestra, and organ. . -
Asperges — Psalm »>1 .Farrant
Processional— "Come Ye Faithful, Raise
the Strain" ......'. :Slr A: Sullivan
Introit— Psalm -16 Attwood
Kyrie Eleison— Mass in G... ....... l.:Schubcrt
Sequence— ! "Allelulla" ...... - A . .Palestrina
Credo in C -~. Redhead
Offertory, .'.'Christ Is Risen".. Sir A. Sullivan
Sursum Corda— "Plain Song" . . . . '.* '.
Sanctus, Benedlctus — "Messe Solenelle"..
;. Gounod
Agnus Pel — Tenor solo with cello obllgato .
. . ..' .John Haraden Pratt
Gloria In Excelsls la C... Redhead
Anthem— "Jesus Lives" . . ; - . -t . -Guantlett
Postlude— "Priests' .March" from "Atha
:,. ue" ; Mendelssohn
Orchestra and Organ.
Organist and choirmaster, Rea Hanna. '
Easter solemn high mass— Celebrant, Rev.
H. Parrish; deacon. Rev. C. N. Lathrop; sub
deacon. Rev. H. B. Monges.
Sermon, morning. Rev. H. Parrish; evening.
Rev. C. N. Lathroi>.
I 'Masses "at 6 and S a. m.' Solemn high mass
at 11 a. m.
Prelude — ' 'March aux Flambeaux' '...-... Clark
Church of the Advent.
MORNING.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
C6; minimum, 48; mean, 57.
The choir, under the direction of William
Schafer, consists of the Misses Bertha and Ida
Oprecht, Mrs. George Meuser, Miss L. Luch
slnger, Mlsa Lulu Schnltzler, George Meuser.
Ernest Ochs. Adolph Wagner,- Conrad Hor
warth, H. Hewelcke. Organist, Mlas Emma
Fischer.
EVENING.
Anthem. "Christ Arose". ............. s...
Quartet. "The Strife la O'er" W. Reed
Grand choir. "The Lord Is Risen"
C. H. Gabriel
Quartet. "Hosanna" Jules Granler
Sermon Rev. F. W. Fischer
Sunday-school Easter festival service at 9:30
a. m. In connection -with missionary service.
Special Easter service at 10:45 a. m.
Organ voluntary Choir
Anthem, "The Resurrection" C. E. Lesli©
Sermon "The Resurrection of Jesus Christ"
MORNING
Emmanuel Evangelical.
Last This Lasf
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka - 0.00 44.30 41. 88
Red Bluff 0.00 / 27.75 22.17
Sacramento 0.00 ' 15.4(5 11.18
Pan Francisco 0.00 16.95 1S.S4
Fresno 0.00 6.10 10.2S
Independence 0.00 4.13 5. SI
San Luis Obispo 0.00 19.40 27.62
Los Angeles O.OU «-37 14.10
San Diego 0.00 0.53 9.19
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c:
Beet Granulated . (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; "Magnolia A, 3.85p;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden. C, 3.65c; "D,"
3.55c; barrels, lOcmore; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, f 0c more ; 60-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos.— Half-barrels, 4.75c;' boxes,
5c per lb. ¦ No order taken for less than 70
barrels or Its equivalent.
TURPENTINE— Higher again at 76c per gal
lon in cases and 70c in drums and iron bar
rels. ! ,. ' h'.l ¦. .
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
13%c; Pearl Oil. in cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24cf. Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; -deodorized stove. Gasoline, in bulk, 15Vaf;
in cases. 22c; 'Benzine, in bulk, 14^4c; in cases,
21c; 8C-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 'Me; in cases,
2B«.c. ' ; - ' • ¦
COAL— Wellington, $0 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $(! 50; Bryant, |U 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $8; Walls
eud ?8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $S 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and ?13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, $ ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ten; Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50
per ton. according to brand.
OILi — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; cases. Be more; Lucol, 6tic for
boiled and C4c for. raw, in barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases, 90c;
China Nut,> fj"%@G8e per gallon; pure Neats
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
U5c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40#50c per gal
lon; Fi*h Oil, barrels, 41%c; cases, 47}£c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, t!3%c for Ceylon and
r.8%c for Australian. • •
I BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July. Cc: San
Quentin, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c. .
General Merchandise.
The following quotations, are, for good soun-l
livestock delivered at San Franclsso, less 00
per cent shrinkage for cattle: ;. - • '¦' ¦' >• •
CATTLE-r-Eteers.SH3i.flo: Cows and Heifers,
7<§?7 1 / &c: thin Cows, 4©5cper lb. - ¦.-¦
CALVES— 4%@&%c per lb (gross weight). J
SHEEP— Wethers. 4>4@5e: Ewes, Hifc^-ie p*
lb (gross weight). . \
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50©2 75 per
head or 5%©Gc per lb. livewelght; yearlings,
4W.@.1c per lb. .;¦¦¦¦, ' ¦. r. . ••..•¦.
HOGS— Live Hors, 200 lbs and under, C%~:
200 lbs and over. C^e; feeders.- B^c: -sows, 20
per cent oft; boars, 50 per cent off, and stags,
40 per cent eft. from the above quotations.
DRESSED MEATS.
"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:- ¦ - " '.
BEEF— 7@7i4c for Steers and C@"c per IP
for Cows. ; '. '
.VEAL— Large, 7%@Sc; *mall, S!4@10c, pe?
MUTTON — Wethere, 8}4@9%c; Ewes, SOS'^t;
per pound. «• "?*¦".' - • • . i "*. "v*-%
LAMB — Yearlings. ¦ 10c per lb; Spring Lamb,
I2%c per lb. . • v
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7^@9c per lb.
- LIVESTOCK MARKET.
San Francisco Meat Market.
. There Is nothing new to report. -Hogs con
tinue firm, .with buyers forced to pay top quo
tations to secure supplies." • ../ .
OREGON,
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, March 28. — Wheat, qufet . and
steady; bluestem, (Hie; club, 65c.
PORTLAND, March 28.— Wheat, Walla Wal
la. 04@64Mic; bluestem, cr»feO5'/.c;- valley, C4&
05c. ' • ¦ v .''¦,-
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND; March 28.— Clearings, ?2C9.917;
balances, $32,425. ._
TACOMA, March 23. — Clearings, $181,040;
balances, $58,471. / •
SPOKANE, March 28.— Clearings, ?197,588;
balances. $25,400.
SEATTLE. March 28.— Clearings, $446,010;
balances, $171,847. ' ¦ .- ,
Northern Business.
Quotations Scarce.
Testerday being Good Friday the American
and European exchangee were generally closed
and there were consequently very few quota
tions from anywhere. . :
Weather Report.
tt20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
EAN FRANCISCO. March 2S — 5 p. m.
The following are, the seasonal rainfalls to
data, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours :
and 31.5 per cent over 1S90.
Demands for an eight-hour day after May 1
by the blast furnace men was the most dis
turbing feature in the iron and steel industry,
and this is not causing much alarm, as an
agreement will probably be reached during the
intervening month. Production is now beyond
all previous records and the movement of coke
is ample, although the early opening of lake
navigation may withdraw some of the trans
porting f admits which cannot well be spared.
IJuylng has been notably active in bars for Im
plement makers, and producers have sold their
entire outputs so far ahead that new business
is not. nouzht. Many plans for immediate
structural work have been abandoned owing to
the insufficient supply of available material.
On the other hand, there are reports of resell-,
ing contracts for rails and other sullies by
consumers who have secured larger deliveries
than will be needed. The appearance of this
spculatlve element would be ominous if quota
tions -were more excefnively inflated. Aside
from the advance In bar iron' at Plttsburg to
518 and foundry Iron at .Chicago to $1S CO,
there are no special • price changes. Southerlt
furnaces having decided to postpone the con
templated advance, . ... ¦ .
A severe reaction occurred In cotton, due
entirely to the excessive speculative purchases
which made the market topheavy. A slight
recovery in coffee from the bottom price mu6t
be attributed to aggressive option buyinir, as
the statistical position Is not Improved. Brazil
receipts exceedlns last year's high record to
date by over a third. A temporary reduction
in refined sugar was quickly restored, as th?
market for raw' grades became very strong.
Meats again advanced' in the face of easier
grain, a helpful Influence being the largest sin
gle order ever placed for the British army.
Weakness appeared In the cereals early In
the week, when there was a certain unanimity
about encouraging weather reports and in
creased acreaee. Subsequently there' was a
partial .recovery owing to lers cheerful news
from Kansas and Oklahoma, but the net re
sult for the week was a decidedly lower range
of prices. Wheat experts materially decllnM
from the satisfactory record of 4.U57.ti25 bush
els last week to only :t.CSS,lM2 bushels this
I wc-eK, which comparts with 3.i»30,S32 in the
¦ tame week last year. There was a decrease
in Western receipts to 2,747,004 bushels,
Hirainst 4,OT>2.50S bushels a year ago, but the
difference in arrivals of corn was less striking.
According: to an analysis of the official returns
. by r. I^Iverpool authority, there will be only
13,000,000 bushels of wheat In this country at
the close of the crc? year, but the statement
is based on exports for the last four months
of half as much as the record-breaking ship
ments of the preceding eight months, which fs
exceedingly improbable. A further alteration
in the flsrures should be made to allow for the
underestimate of the total crop.
Failures for the week numbered 200 in the
United States, against 200 last year, and 22 in
Canada, against 29 last year.
cent In bank exchanges at New York, notwith
standing the fact that 'transactions at the
Stock Exchange were hot more than a third
of those in the corresponding week last year,
while at other leading cities clearings ex
hibited a gain of w.8 per cent over last year
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lUc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers/. lOVfi'c; medium, 8@9%c; light, 8@8%c;
Cow. Hides, "9c for heavy ani| 8c for light;
Stags. C@G^c; Salted Kip, 8c; Salted Veal, 9c;
Salted Calf." 10c: Dry Hides, 16c; Culls, 14c;
Dry Kip, 13c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short
Wool. 20®00c ¦• each : medium, C0@75c; long
Wool, S0c^$l 10 each; Hoise Hides, salt, S2 75
@-t for large: and ?2 25@2 50 for medium, ?1 73
<Q2 for amaliand 50c for Colts; Horse Hides,
dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25@1. 00 for medium, $1
Gl 25 for small and 50e for Colts. Deerskins-
Summer or red skins, 36c; ' fall- or medium
skins, 30c.-. winter or thin-skins, 20c. ¦ Goat
skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, S5c.
TAL.L.OW — No 1, rendered, 5%@6c per^ lb;
No. 2, 4&@5c; grease, 3®3%c.
WOOL— Spring Southern, 12 months, 0@10c;
do 7 months. !)®llc: roothill. ll®13c per lb.
HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12V4@13%c per
lb for good to choice, first hands. ,.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops,
Anthem. "From Egypt's Bondage" Pas*
Chorus choir of twenty-five voices
under direction of Robert Lloyd. Or
ganist. J. B. W'arburton. Pastor,
Rev. A. C. Bane.
.' The following programme will be
St. Mary's (Paulist). : ¦ ; -
• At old St. Mary's : Church ' (Paulist Fathers)
the music on -Easter Sunday at the 11 o'clock
mass will be selected. The choir; largely aug
mented, for the" occasion, will : sing Haydn's
imperial mass In D, under the direction of*
Harvey Loy. organist and director of 'the choir.
The offertory will -be a contralto solo, Gra
nler's:."Hosanna," sung by Mrs. Marguerite
Wilbourn... The solo .parts of the mass ¦ will
be sung by Mrs. J. G. Noonan, Mrs. Marguer
ite Wilbourn, Andrew T. Wood, W..L.. Smith
and Martin F. Hrubanik. In the evening there
wlll.be solemn vespers and benediction, .when
the music will be sung by the special choir of
men, -at 7:30 o'clock.- * '. ¦ -.•¦ ¦< • '¦ ¦ ¦ --
Easter Music in Various - Olrurolies.
rendered on Easter Sunday:
Offertory, "Hail Easter Morn" .......... Marzo
Anthem. "King of Kings" Simpler
Baas solo "Hosanna" .Granler
Anthem, ' 'Now Is Christ Risen' ' Maker
Choir— Mrs. L. Snider Johnson, soprano; Mrs.
W. O. Fonda, contralto; L. A. Larsen, basso;
Samuel D. Mayer, organist, tenor and choir
master. - " ; - ¦¦
'. At the evening service Golden Gate Com
mandery No. , IB. Knights •: Templar. . will be
present. , ¦ .. £'.-«.
\f \r p ORSHIPERS crowded the Catholic and Episcopal
\Lj\/ cb~urch.es yesterday and observed Good Friday
xv xV • w * tn services of the most solemn character. The
,-. y. -V, altars were draped in; black? and purple ~ and • the
: officiating clergymen wore 'vestments of somber
black, as the day commemorated the climax of the Passion on
Calvary. From early morning until night the parish churches
were filled with devoted Catholics. In the Episcopal churches
services were held In the morning and afternoon and were
very impressive. • ....
At .the Cathedral solemn services in commemoration of the
death of Christ began at 9 o'clock. The mass of the Pre
sanctified was celebrated by th» Archbishop. He was assisted
by Rev. Fathers Dempsey, Ramm. and Prendergast. At 3
o'clock in the afternoon devotions of the Way of the Cross
took place.' His Grace took occasion to deliver a short address
to the children of the parish. At 6' o'clock the devotions of the
Way of; the Cross were repeated. At the conclusion of the
solemn services Rev. Father O'Ryan preached a special sermon
on the Passion.' v - ; ' • . .
" Rev.; Dr. Clampett of 'Trinity. Episcopal Church conducted
services from 12 to 3 o'clock. The services were very impres
sive. .There was'a'very large attendance. Special music was
rendered by the choir, and the rector preached on the seven
words of our Lord on the cross. From 3 to 6 o'clock Rev. Dr.
Weeden of St. Luke's held services.
Services were held by the Paulist Fathers at old St. Mary's
Church at 9 o'clock. Father Moran was the celebrant of the
mass of the Presanctiflcation. During the service there was
the adoration of the cross. After the priests had unveiled and
adored the crucifix the congregation filed past the altar,
kneeled and kissed the cross.
Rev. Father Caraher delivered a sermon In St. Francis
Church last evening on his observations and experiences In.
Jerusalem.
In St. Ignatius Church the services began at 8 o'clock. The
devotion of the three hours of agony began at noon. Rev.
Father Woods conducted the exercises. In the evening there
was -the "Way of the Cross, a sermon on the Passion by the
Rev. Joseph Mulligan, followed .by solemn benediction, with a
relic ' of the true cross. During the exercise of the three
hours of agony the choir rendered the "Seven "Word3," by
Pierre Battlsta. -.
Rev, George C. Adams of the First Congregational Church
preached a sermon last evening on "The Cup That Jesus
Drank." Special music was rendered by the choir.
*7
Butter, Cheese and Eggs still plentiful and weak.
Provisions continue firm enough, but dull.
Hogs in light supply and firmly held.
Poultry in good supply and weak. Game unchanged.
Potatoes rule firm. Onions weak, except for choice stock.
Summer Vegetables cleaning up well.
Fresh Fruits about as before quoted.
Very fczv Eastern or foreign quotations yesterday.
Produce and Bond exchanges closed over Good Friday.
Turpentine again marked up.
Domestic and Sterling Exchange again advanced. •
Less activity in the oil stocks.
Archbishop Riordan Celebrates the Mass Of the Presanctified at the Cathe
draK-lmpressive Services Are Held in Catholic and Episcopal
Churches— Special Musical Programmes Prepared for Easter Sunday
HOGS— Receipts', 2900; 15c higher. \ Light
and light mixed, $6 5000 75; medium and
heavy, .?C 65@6 90; pigs, ?4 50@5 50. .
SHEEP— Receipts. 2530; 0@10c lower. West
em lambs, ?5 bb<[iG GO; Western sheep. $4 25
Q>> So. .
ST. JOSEPH
ST. JOSEPH. , March 28.—CATTLE—Re
« 5n 8 Ai, GO0: natlves - 5 s ®* 25; cows and heifers,
?1 50£6; veals, $4@tJ 50; stockers and feed
ers ,J2 25@5 25. ,
HOGS— Receipts, 21.000: 5@10c higher, clos
ing easy. Mired and butchers', $6 45@0 90;
Kv t °tn°'! l w« e r : r h8avy ' $6 70@fl 02%; rougn
rhn^? EP n: Kece iP t ' il 400 °- Steady. 'Good to
fe^ $5@5 40 - falr to -choice mixed.
ifr'-P 9 °: Western sheei> and yearlings. $5 25
fambs' O^oV^ 8 - ** °°.^ °° : • #S*«5
•yrSl ' March ! 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts.
Steady to strong. Good to prime steers,
nominal, ?0 0C@7; poor to medium, $4 25@0 40;
stackers and feeders, $2 50@5 25; cows, $1 2S@
h,^ 1 *?%' * 2 50 @ 5 73 '- cannenf. ?1 2302.40;
bulls, $2 50@4 10; calves, $2 50@C; Texas fed
steers, $5@fl. .: .. . -.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
' CUP.ED ' MEATS— Bacon. 12e per lb for
heavy, 12Vic.for Hsht medium, 13%c for light,
14 V>c tor extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams,. 13@13%c: Califor
nia Hams, ll%ei2V4c; Mess Beef. $9 DO® 10
per barrel;, extra Mess, '$10 50@ll; Family,
Sll CU012:- prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
|22 50@23; Megs, ?18 50@19; Smoked Beef.
13%@14c per lb. • ,
¦LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%e per lb for
compound and ioyi@llc for pure; half barrels,
pure, 11 Vtc: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 6-lb tins. ll%c;
3-lb tins, ll%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, Q%c; three
halt-barrels. 9%c; one tierce, . O^c; two tierces.
O'/Sc; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
jj There were no Chicago markets yesterday,
and this situation was dull and nominal. Deal
ers spend most of their, time now guessing when
the predicted advance will really take place.
Provisions.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
SOLEMN SERVICES CHARACTERIZE
THE OBSERVANCE OF GOOD FRIDAY
Almonds,' 10 J ,£@12c f or ' papershell. 9@10c - f or
Boftshel and 6@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7 3
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12V4c; Filberts,
V2@\2V>c- Pecane, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c far bright and 9@llc
for liffht amber: water white -extracted, 50
6c- light amber extracted, 4(g;5c; dark. 4c. »
BEESWAX— 27%@20c per lb.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Bank Clearings.
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
STOCK MARKET.
HOTEL ABBIVALS.
11
NEW YORK. March 28.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of TraQe to-morrow, will say:
Favorable weather greatly facilitated Easter
retail trade, the volume of transactions In 'all
linoe of wearing apparel being of exceptional
magnitude. Activity wat by 'no means , re
stricted to the f penalties, however, the general
distribution of merchandise exceeding that -of
previous seasons with prices weU maintained.
A distlr-ct evidence of the vigor of legitimate
Wide is found in the decline of only 21.4 per
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A Brenan. Ansel Is '•
G F Austin. Ansel Is
A P. Jameson. Boston
H H Wells. Minn
R Ritchie, , Sacto
O R Walker. Haywrds
H A Alien. St Paul
F J White. Lcs Ang
W Helms. Oakland
J Mulroy. Ingleside
W D Hunches. Seattle
R Peterson. Portland
J D Treleven A w.Wia
Mrs C Treleven. Wta
H H Jennea. Oakland
H L Bullock. Angel Is
E E Green. 111.
J P Lake. Ventura
J D La Munyon. ' Utah.
G C Foulkes A. t. Ind
MM Anderson. Ecn-!" 1^
STATK
)K& V
a
a
3
v. I
o
S 2
If Ji
c ?
9 IS
: *3
: a
• o
en
I*
3
•3
|
Astoria
Baker . .
Carson .
Eureka .
Fresno .
FlacrtaJ!
PocatelU
lndepem
Los Axis
Phoenix
Portland
Red Blu
Rostbarj
Wcramr
Fait 1*lI
San Fra:
8. L. Ot
San Die*
Seattle .
Upekane
Xeeh B
Valla V
V>'innem
Vuma . .
o.
.1.
re
d"
:fl
S
tn
k<
tn
bi
»* =
'.a
ft
:u
...10.40
. .30.28
..30.16
...W.1S
..30.00
..29. SO
a.3ii.O2
¦ 2».8«
..:w.oo
..2S>.84
..30.3t
..MO. 02
..30.20
..:«). 00
..W.02
o.SO.O*
. .30.«U
..30.02
..30.44
..-50.32
..30.40
..SO. 34
..•JO.O<a
. .29.SG
00 40
34 28
r*2 2S
H2 3S
TO 4«
44 20
34 2S
i'Ai 40
OS 42
74 40
r»2 32
TO 54
r.d 40
35 34
08 48
72 40
«2 48
50 :a
44 *^(i
4$ 36
•V) 34
48 30
78 42
Nff
N
N
NW
N T W
W
N
W
W r
s\v
NW
N
XW
N
N
\Y
W
W
N
¦ N
E
N
N\V
W
Clear
Ft Cldy
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Cloudy-
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
.00
r .o?
.00
.<•<)
.0<)
¦ T.
.00
.ee
.00
.(Ml
.<»
.00
.(A»
T
.00
.00
.00
.00
.CO
.oo
.00
.00
.00
STATK
)K& V
a
a
3
v. I
o
S 2
If Ji
c ?
9 IS
: *3
: a
• o
en
I*
3
•3
|
Astoria
Baker . .
Carson .
Eureka .
Fresno .
FlacrtaJ!
PocatelU
lndepem
Los Axis
Phoenix
Portland
Red Blu
Rostbarj
Wcramr
Fait 1*lI
San Fra:
8. L. Ot
San Die*
Seattle .
Upekane
Xeeh B
Valla V
V>'innem
Vuma . .
o.
.1.
re
d"
:fl
S
tn
k<
tn
bi
»* =
'.a
ft
:u
...10.40
. .30.28
..30.16
...W.1S
..30.00
..29. SO
a.3ii.O2
¦ 2».8«
..:w.oo
..2S>.84
..30.3t
..MO. 02
..30.20
..:«). 00
..W.02
o.SO.O*
. .30.«U
..30.02
..30.44
..-50.32
..30.40
..SO. 34
..•JO.O<a
. .29.SG
00 40
34 28
r*2 2S
H2 3S
TO 4«
44 20
34 2S
i'Ai 40
OS 42
74 40
r»2 32
TO 54
r.d 40
35 34
08 48
72 40
«2 48
50 :a
44 *^(i
4$ 36
•V) 34
48 30
78 42
Nff
N
N
NW
N T W
W
N
W
W r
s\v
NW
N
XW
N
N
\Y
W
W
N
¦ N
E
N
N\V
W
Clear
Ft Cldy
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Cloudy-
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
.00
r .o?
.00
.<•<)
.0<)
¦ T.
.00
.ee
.00
.(Ml
.<»
.00
.(A»
T
.00
.00
.00
.00
.CO
.oo
.00
.00
.00v THE SAK FBANCISCC) viCALL; SATURDAY; MARCH 29, 1902.
12
I LOYM EKf WANTED— FEMALE.
. WOMAN . wants • work by - day ; washing, - lron-
i ing, house v or 'window cleaning; -reference.
-•: Address Laundress. Call Branch. 300 Hayes.'
¦ ACCOMPLISHED . young lady plan<st . woul-1
'..llke'pcsition playing evenings in cafes.' Box
- 4537, -Call. ¦;.:-.-¦. ¦.
A MIDDLE-AGED ; American woman desires
• chamberwork or cooking or day work where
-ehe can, sleep home. - 402 McAllister *t
WOMAN would, like plain sewing to do at
home. 149 Fourth ,st.. room 1. ,
| SINGLE lady wants position as housekeeper in
'the mountains. Box 4257, Call office, Oakld.
A YOUNG French pastry cook desires position.
L. N.'. 505 Hayes st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
! ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night;; $150
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
; Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 030 McAllister st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been /established at 1030
. Valencia st. .. - - > . .- . - .
-™!_l?^Pi^L T WANTED MALE.
YOUNG married couple want positions/private
place, country; good handy couple; (man
about stock or house; willing people; no
__triflers. Box 4553, Call office.
GERMAN. /all-around- hand, strictly abstemi-
ous, wishes position in private family; under-
stands gardening, housecleanlng and driving;
city: or country. Box 4554, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly, clean, sober
German. cook in lunch or small boarding
house. Please address box 4548. Call office.
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; wife i»
a good cook and experienced in general
housework; man good driver and thoroughly
understands care, of horses; handy man
PETFil^^^ah 0^ ° r C0Untry - MR *
A FIRST-CLASS restaurant and merchants'
lunch cook, steady man, would ¦ like to get
employment. 535 Minna st.
FAST carpenter; will take charge; non-union;
-or will work by the day. Address box 4252.
Call: office. Oakland. -
ENGINEER with good references wishes a
position. Address WM. HAMILTON. Oak-
land P. P..
WANTED— Situation as engineer or fireman by
.trustworthy man; with references. Box 3738,
Call office.
GOOD barber t wants job in smnll country town
I anywhere In State. Box 4419, Call office.
STEADY young man (German) wishes posl-
tlon as bartender. 330 Main st
JAPANESE wants position to do work of any
kind; between 5 and 9 p. m. SHIME. box
4543. Call office. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st -
s - FLATS TO LET. ~
FURNISHED or unfurnished; beautiful new 6-
roora flat; all rooms with bay windows open-
ing on park; sun all day; 10 minutes to City
Halljon Halght-st cars. 47 Portola st, cor-
ner nJuboca Park, first corner ' west from
Stelner and Waller sts.
CALIFORNIA, 2310%, near Webster— 7 rooms
and bath; rent reasonable. G. H. UMBSEN
. & CO.. , .
ELEGANT modern corner flat, 8 large sunny
rooms and attic. 1002. Page st
NICE cozy flat of 4 rooms; stationary wash-
tubs and bath; $18. 1181 A Howard st.
SUNNY upper flat 3 rooms, newly papered $10;
; U53 Jessie st., above Seventh. •
CASTRO. C38— Elegant modern sunny- top flat.'
attic. 8 large rooms; bath; nearly new; $30.
FLAW TO LET- — KUUN1MHKU.
COMPLETELY furnished flat of 7 rooms;
piano. 1530 Grove st; call bet 4 and 5 p. m.
UPPER flat, 4 rms, bath, gas range, $25; lower
flat 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4. 1517 Golden Gate.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)-^We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 507-8-0 Parrott b!dg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co.. 326 Post
• FURNITURE FOH SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In, oak. $48 60.' with No. 7
.. range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
. FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. WAUGH, r. 415. Examiner bldg.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
v^^^^ GLOVES. ...,_„„„*
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE. .
AT^cTrT HANSEN & Ca ' S . . Phone Grant 185
¦:•¦.' HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...;
Housekeeper, with references, springs.. ..$35
Head waitress, springs .$35
Crew of waitresses, springs $20
50 waitresses. -city and country $20. $_5
Chambermaid, very choice place, country.. $20
Chambermaid, city. $20
Dinner waitresses, • lunch waitresses
. .Fancy Ironer, summer resort, nice place.. $30
Laundress, country hotel, -fare paid $25
Cooks $25, $30
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any woman or girl looking for a first-class
i position can obtain, same In this department
at good wages by applying to C R. HANSEN
.& CO., 104 Geary st. (Will remove March 31
to 429 Bush St., opposite California Hotel.)"
MRS. M.E. DAY & CO. ....... ..335 Geary st
. HOTEL DEPARTMENT-
. Head waitress, $35. resort; 6 waitresses, sama
.place; 25 waitresses, different city. and coun-
try hotels, $25 and $20; lunch waitress, $4 50;
3 chambermaids to wait,. $20; 2 chambermaids
to wait, country, $20. fares paid; Institution
cook. $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl, $30; nurseglrl, $20, small family,
Berkeley; 2 coolui, $30, near city; 2 second
girls, $20 and 425
MRS. M. E. PAX & CO 335 Geary st.
MAID and seamstress $25
German and American cooks... \$35 and $30
Waitress and parlormaid $25
Housework girl," small family, country... $.jo
Waitress, hotel '. .$25 to $.'i0
Second girls ...$25 and $20
Saleslady for stamping.
Girls for housework .......$20 and $25
. ' LEON ANDRE. 310 Stockton st.
WANTED— A large number of girls to fill po-
sitions In all kinds of housework places too
numerous to advertise; call to-day. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will instruct inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free of charge; will be
paid < while learning. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO., 3_>/j Fremont st Apply to MR. DAVIS.
KNITTERS, experienced, or apprentices to
learn; paid while learning. GANTNER &
MATTERN CO., 1017 Hyde st. ¦ ¦
AN energetic saleswoman'^ to sell the well-
knnwn Racine Brand of Hosiery and' Knit
Underwear. AME3. WYNE A CO.. 2U Pine.
WANTED— Nurseglrl. Apply 1007 Oak st, "5
to 1; will paycar ' fare. ¦¦},.. . ; .-
WANTED— Glri-to~do- general housework In a
.family of 3. Call at 22 Second st. .•
WANTED— An. errand" girl; must know the
city. 72 Geary et.
WANTED — Vest and pants makers for coun-
Ury. Address box 4573., Call office.
GIRL for general housework; two In family.
1300 Pierce st.; call In morning.
GIRL. German speaking, for general' house-
' work. ,1053 Market st. upstairs. .
SEWERS on shirt waists; good pay; steady
- work. BAUER BROS & CO.. 21 Sansome st.
GIRL for general .house work; references re-
-- quired. l_27^Gcary st: .:
f H . R . E ! 3 .' as ' ent8> ? 10 'per week and commission.
826 Sixteenth st,, Oakland.
WANTED— Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 andll a..m. at HALE BROS.' :
AP L P 5?£ T ,iS ES;t0 lettrn tailoring. BELASCO
: & HARRIS CO.. 641 Marker at. -¦
wanted —, airl, experienced : bushelman'_
he !P°£ S '' N - WOOD A CO.. corner Eddy
and Powell sts.
E^f ER1EN i' ED - ; °» er -tors i on shirts ; Inexperi-
enced paid^ while learning. HEYNEMANN
& CO.. 8 Hill _t.;:beC 21st and'22d. ,
E^£F 1UE ,, NCE E o P e «"ators on overalls; Inex-'
MANv e l J£ ld « whIle Earning. 'HEYNE-
¦ MANN & CO.. 9 Hill sf, bet, list and , 22d.
0^ 8 ° n SUk and ' Waih wal8ts -: G07
TOBACCO stripper ' wanted ; also girls . wishing
¦ .to, learn . cigar making, trade. „¦¦ 318 Grant ave.
GIRLS bet. 15 ' and ! 18 • to sew. on buttons and
make themselves generally useful. 658 Mls-
slon st, third floor.
TOU T NG .] Klrl t0 -«sist light housework.- Inquire
-¦ 1 Broderlck st..cor. Waller, from »-12 a.-m.
MISCELLANEOUS FOH SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlnerv^MpTNp".-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st "
35 H. P. ECONOMIC return flue portable
boiler complete fc'on
40 h. p. Heine safety tube boiler " ISO
40 b. p. Atlas engine wj
30x8 feet return tubular boiler ,..." jjjo
4S-1G return tubular boiler 330
8 h. p. upright boiler 73
10.000 feet water pipe, all sizes; belting till
• you can't rest H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale.
A — BUYS. • sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
j ¦ glnes/ boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
! etc. WHITELAW. 25JJ-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: bis stock: Installments; billiard
!j and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th«
I Iininswlck-Balke-Collender Co., t'5_ Mission.
! SEALSKIN, good quality, same as new suit-
able for 36 or 28 bust, original cost $225 for
• $80 cash; see It. Bos 4337. Call office.
VALUABLE stamp collection, about 3000
stamps, very flne exemplars, to sell. Box
45til. Call.
i A — $3 5© Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
1 lar Price Hatters. S-iO Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, ?2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $65^ Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
ZITHER, new, 42 strings, F. Schwarzer's; cost
' $143; for sale. $50. e55 Pine st. R. Bauske.
BARGAIN — 2 good bicycles, oak bedroom set
chairs, tables and kitchen uten. '874 Howard.
FOR second-hand machinery, engines and boilers
go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor._nd and Brannan.
FROM 5000 to 10.000 feet of 3 and 3% inch
pipe. E. RILEY. 100 Vallejo st m
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 819 Market.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried tn stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK -tor prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plo
turea. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
NEW Home and— Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all slzis, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission at
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 130 Beale st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento St.
~ MONEY TO LOAN.
'Z^^EBMAtTuVKPiii. Ml-^ Examlnerbdi
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates „
On First and Second Mortgagee.....*
On Life Interests In Estates....... «
......Property Being Held in - Trust.....*
Undivided Interests In Real Estate....*
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probmtu
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY «
See HERMAN MURPKY. eOl-802 Kxammer.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300,000 at 5 Vi and 6 per cent in sums to tylti
City, Oakland. Town and Country propertyj
second mortgages, life Insurance and securi*
ties; leans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will put*"
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red 5024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANT AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, eecond and third mortgages ..«
Undivided interest in real estate In probate. .
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
_ R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3 .«
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
second and third mortgages, estates In 'pro-
bate. Interest in estates. legacies, undivided
j Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 14.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st: phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84»I
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
23 Montgomery st.. rocm 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent in sums to suit in city;
$150,CG0 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture or plane; no removal; any amount;
lowest rate*. BECKER. 38 Geary St.. room 3a.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: n»-rrmoval: law rates: confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY—Loans to ial_rl«d
people on their not?.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 14.1 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; raone7
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3.- Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
Private party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos
& furniture: no removal. Garthels, 20S Post.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, nn. 72. 4th flr.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a menth on eacb
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. L
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note -without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister it
IF you want a home I will loan you money t_
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome «t
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
TO close out a few odd styles of piano* w*
have marked the prices down very low, ai-ft
you can. while they last, secure a very great -
discount on some specially good Instruments.
Some of them have been sent as sampla
pianos. The Instruments are all right and
as such fully warranted, but as the expense
of reshipment would be quite a sum, th«-_-
factory is willing to make this sacrifice. W«
have also the Decker-Wissner and Bau-
melsters in all styles. Payments If you want.
THE ZENO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 7»
Market st. . '
A — SPECIAL sale and special discounts on 100
standard makes Including: 1 Knabe. $93:
1 Haynes. $190; 1 Conover, $215; 2 Chlcker-
ing. $185; 1 Heine. $290; 4 Steinway. $185.
Rents, $2 up; installments, $3 up. Over 5CC0
Heine Pianos are in use In San Francisco,
and not one can be had outside of the com-
pany's warerooms. All the leading must-
clans use and Indorse the Heine Piano-
Come soon; sale 'will close on completion o(
the new Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally flne pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choosa from.
SHERMAN*. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealer-. .
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. .
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Becond-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Becond-hand organs from $25 up; new uprlg_<t
piano, from $175 up. BEN'J. CL'RTAZ A
BON, 1C to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering. Mason
•nd Hamltn. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time-
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a net- peerless Knabe. at regular
price; costs you only 20c s day to buy s
piano from us. KOHLER A CHASE. _»_.
O'Fnrrell it.; established 1850.
LUDWIO pianos— Most popular of all. For sal*
¦only by the Wiley B. Allen Co.. 031 Market
st. San Francisco. Agent- Chase & Baker
piano players.
AUCTION! AUCTION! AUCTION!
Everything must go; PIANOS aru selling
like . hot enkes for storage. $40 up. WIL-
SON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st.
6OHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos:
Lester pianos; Splelmann pianos; Cecilian
Serfect piano player; pipe organs. 308. 310.
12 Post st.
SHALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $130; pquare pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275.
Bowers & Ron. 23 5th st. Ivers ft Pond agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100: splendid bargain": best
renting pianos In city for $.1 per month.
ECOTT-CTJRTAZ PIANO CO.. 500 Hayes st.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
barsaln prices from ?S5 up. P. W. SPEN-
CER * CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sts.
Elegant $530 upright piano; handsome case A
tone; must sell acct. sickness. 811 ©"FarreH.
3. LEADING pianos. Steinway. Chlckertn*.
Wubfr. other makw. at FAY'S. t"23 Mission.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 1C McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new H.
MTTLLKR. maker. r»pa!r<»r. 2 Latham place. #
OPKICES ANU STOUliS TO l.K'- 1 .
Large store with tenet, front. /Clay-Merchant,
abeve Montgomery: lease. Keys Oi Clay.r.L
OIL. J*f.
OIL tanks. 2nd- ha mt. In good order;- all >U««i
thean. H. S. WHITE.' 130-132 Beale st. ."
HICLrVwAXTE^
WANTED— 3 girls to learn hairdressing, mas-
sage. - manicure, . switch, wig ¦ making, in 2
,wks.; take • charge of -private customers; as-
sured $50 per mo.; course $5- day," eve. class:
bring ad; worth $1. College-,2a3 Geary, r.13-15.
At • PacificHairdressingCollege. Murphy bld..r.94;
hairdress Ing, massage; manicuring, wigs, switch,
etc.;course.$5;2 wk«;po3ltlon secured ;day;eve.
A HIGH-GRADE position for a cultured
.woman. Box 4530, .Call. .-
A NEAT, willing young girl to assist with
¦ housework in family of 3. • 217. Third ave.
TYPEWRITING taught, $5 full course; short-
hand speed class/ $2 mo. 027 Market, r. 305.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt hands and ma-
chlne operator. Apply 1200 Geary st.7;' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st. . •
HELP, 'AVAXT-D— MALE, i
A— MURRAY & READY. Phone Main 5848
:.. Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
• ..G34-C36 Clay st
, • ".....Office Open 7 a. m..;..
1000 railroad men ; .'
FREE \ V.V.Vi "7. "f^. .
450 teamsters, 250 laborers, 45 drillers, 175
rockmen, extra gang, wages $2 to $3 50 day
Ship Dally... ........Free Fare
CARPENTERS ;...
;• •••••'• • CARPENTERS
o carpenters, all summer's Job, country,
§3 60 day ../. .8 hours' work
3 carpenters, country."... $50 and found
Blacksmith for country shop, _ fare $1, $52
and found; 3 handy. men to help machinist,
52 day, country; 2 cattle men, same ranch,
•f30 and found; man to look after sheep^and
cattle, 530 and found; 5 laborers for a good
mine, ?30 and found; 5 miners for a mine,
north, $75; 6 scraper holders, $2 25 day, near
city; 5 2- horse scraper teamsters, $27 50 and
faund ..• ............
MISCELLANEOUS
Boxmaker, large company; woodworker; car-
riage, painter; man with some knowledge of
. gardening; gardener, private place, $30 and
found; houseman. Catholic Institution, 520
- and found; 70 farmers; 30 milkers; 23 chore-
men ; 15 choreboys
......... Here's a Good Job
. 10 men to inaki themselves useful on a large
fruit farm,. -work at the present time is
picking and packing asparagus and rhubarb,
fruit picking later, wages $_" 50 and found
.... ATTENTION, WOODCHOPPERS
435 men to "chop wood on a good camp, big
money can be made on the Job, prices 80c to
$1 75 per- cord; 800 tlemakersTor the same
camp, prices 10c to 12c each. ......'....
Man and wife,* Alameda Co., $52 and found
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, restaurant, city; ?60; tf cooks, other
places; 10 waiters; young man to learn
pantry work, see boss here; cook, small ho-
tel, 50c fare, - $9 week. Call and read our
bulletin boards for the Job you want
\ MURRAY & READY ;.. 634-630 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN, & CO.'S.!.. .104 Geary st.
For Nevada Railroad Work
Ship Morning ....And Night
500 teamsters ....$2 a- day
500 laborers S2 a day
100 rockmen $2 and increase
20 plow holders .....$2 25 a day
20 wheeler loaders $2 25 a day
20 stonemasons $4 a day
10 mason's helpers $2 a day
2 carpenters, railroad camp ..'....$3 a day
For ' Chatsworth Park Big Tunnel
100 tunnelmen : $2 to $3 a day
25 laborers, outside work. ...... .$1 75 a day
Ship Dally Free Faro
Harnessmaker for railroad camp In Nevada.
$40 and board, .free fare; coachman and gar-
dener, good references, $35; farmers, milk-
ers, choremen and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel clerk, good references. $50; head wait-
er, $35; waiter. : $30; pantryman, $30; same
hotel, north; cooks," bakers, kitchen hands
and others
C. R. HANSEN & CO. . 104 Geary st
' Will remove March -31 to 420 Bush st, op-
posite California Hotel.
A — WANTED
00 Italian laborers for railroad work. • f res
fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary .t.
ARTHUR FLINT, the chef, please call or send
your address. C. R. HANSEN & CO... 104
Geary st. , - - - . ". - ¦' -.
LABORERS and teamsters. $2 to $2 50, free
fare; house painter for country, $3 day; car
builders; harness cleaner, I $14 week; washer
and polisher, country laundry, 815 week;
stout boys for foundry, $1 60 to $2 25 day;
5: coal miners, $2 50 to $2 75 day; 5 rock
miners, $2 50 to Sjt2 75 day; vegetable gard-
" ? ¦ ener, $30 and found, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 626 Sacramento st. . ,
CHEESEMAKER, $35; cheesemaker and wife,
$40; 3 farmers and .wives, ' $40, $45 and $50;
3 milkers, $30; 2. ranch teamsters, $30; 3
choremen, ¦ $20, $25 and $30, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st,-.
STEWARD. for resort $60 and found: stew-
ard for hospital, $30 and found; boarding-
house cook, $45: restaurant cooks and wait-
ers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
AT W. D. EWER & CO. 'S. 610 Clay st — Free
fare, R. R. work, Nevada : \ 60 scraper team-
sters, $2 a day; 50 laborers and shovelers,
$2 a day.
To sro to-day, sawmill company: 10 rail-
road laborers." $26 and board; 10 woodsmen,
.*45 and board. '
4 ranch hands for Mlnturn. $26; 4 farmers,
different places, $26; 10 milkers, $35, $30 and
$25; 5 coal miners, $2 75 a day; farmer and
wife. Sonoma Co., $40; 4 woodchoppers, $1 50
a cord: teamster, coal yard, $2 a day; har-
ness cleaner... $60: molder's helper, $1 75 a
day; remember, we guarantee all positions
•and pay fares both ways when work is not
offered . you. Call and see us before going
elsewhere.
ANDRE13 Office. 316 Stocktdh «t.-^Cook and
.dishwasher, country hotel, $50 and $20; sec-
ond cook, $60; hotel waiter, $30: extra wait-
er Saturday and Sunday; vegetableman, $30;
potwasher, $25;' sllverman, $25; uorter for
club, country, $30; waiter for college, $20;
German butler,. $40; gardener, .$30; gardener,
do chores, $25; elderly men for light places,
$15 and found, etc. , • •
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st — Ironer for
steam laundry, country, 535; waiter for In-
stitution, $20; gardener, country, $25 to $30;
elevator boy, $15; cook, small chophouse,
country, $30.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
69. Third St., near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD MEN.
STATE OF NEVADA.
FREE FARE..:. SHIP. MORN AND NIGHT
f>0 Teamsters
• 50 Laborers
All of the above for Nevada. . .FREE FARE
SHIP DAILY
WAGES $2 to $2 50 a day
Head sawyer, band mill....... $4 CO per day
2 men to plow orchard, steady. ,$2G per month
A— HOTEL gAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, r. 12.
Walter,: country hotel, $30, fare advanced;
French cook. $50, country hotel. . —
BOSS BARBERS, ATTENTION! ~~~~
The Central Linen Supply Company will be
In operation by April 1; towels and hair-
cloths supplied or laundered. For terms and
particulars phone Mission, 106: laundry and
office Eighteenth and Shotwell sts.
60 BOYS WANTED . • '
To sell Sal-O-Nuts nt the Cliff House and on
the streets; can make $1 to $2 day. Apply
1027 Market St., room 4. at 11 a. m. to-day.
WANTED— Young German experlenced~ln dell"
catessen work; give age, where .you have
been employed, wages earned and full details
to Bhow , what you are able to do; write-in
German or English., Box 4570, Call.
WANTED— A steady man with $100 for a plain
every day business that will pay about $70
per month;, steady place; experience not re-
qulred. Apply 1010 Market st. . room ' 10. -
WANTED — Elderly. German who can take care
of horses and. make himself useful. Apply
S47 Florida .-' st. ' »
WANTED— Cloak and suit salesman; must be
thoroughly experienced In this line. Address
¦ box 4571, Call. •*.
ANTED— A ; steady man with $150 as parti
ner In business that will pay more than good
wages. 30 Geary st, room 1.
WANTED— Boy about 15 years for general
work In store. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market.
CARRIAGE " woodwork, body or gear maker
O'BRIEN & SONS, Golden Gate and Polk.'
WANTED — Tailor. ROOS BROS~25-37~ICearl-
¦¦ ny st, • ¦:'-'¦/¦¦
PLATEN feeders wanted, JOHN * PART-
RIDGE. 300 California, st ' .
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
' dry goods wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.'
GORDON " cre^sman; also r errand " boy. R~Tr"
PATTERSON, 420 Montgomery »t.
TWO carpenters; jobbing shop. 128 Golden
Gate ave. . . . , , ¦
"WANTED— Boy to . run electric elevator; ref-
erences. Address B. S.. box 4555, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1224 Point Lobos ave '
_ $15 and found;; Geary cars. , ¦
-WANTED-^-Second cook, good broiler: also
'* good waiter. 13 Eddy at
WANTED — Good .porter; also vegetableman 13
Eddy st. - • •
GOOD cook wanted at 1502 Kentucky st.
BARBER business for; sale cheap; shop for
¦rant; furnished; 1 chair.. Apply 1740 MUalon.
SAILORS 3 and " green hands for a trip north
, At CANE'S, 78 Jackson st '
I srmiTUALisaL y -
; A— C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues. ; Frl.. Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush gt.
1 MRS. J. J. .WHITNEY, trans, bus. medium;
' life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
letter. »2. 1104 O'Farrell st; Ellis car. .' .
, EASTER services, materializing seance 11 a. m..
and 8 p. m.. 50c. C.V. MILLER. 10S4 Bush.
, PROF. GEE, SJJ G.G. ave.— Readings. 50c-$l;
, $1 readings in circle Tues,Thurs,Fri.night,25c.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. , Avondale, 1424 Market. !
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1001; « seance Sunday and Thuns.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.J
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIKVOYASTS. ; ¦ •. .
mme. m Bernard" "~~
1 the famous • .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 : Third st, ¦ next " Examiner bldg.
She reads your life ' correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fur
ture.-. If you are- in trouble," discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,'
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to ¦ overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. " Tel. Black 45C0.
A — 50c and $1 : PROF. WELLER, clairvoyant
- - Kclentific'palmtst, card reader; advice on busi-
; ness, speculation, love and domestic. troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry: how to win man
or woman you love; mall $1; 6end date birth,
lock hair. G questions. 1007^ Market, nr. Oth.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE,' the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. v Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; .'send etamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
" palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to '12 a. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
• reader, born with double veil — second- eight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $; palm, and cialr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILL~e7~320A Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50e-*l; 10 a. m. to 8 m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves I
read accurately; L. 25c, # G. 50c.^521 14 Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
CARD reading and astrology. 14S Sixth st,
; room 22, second floor. . ' . - . - \
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
____ _
A— DR.T. S. HIGGINs7o_7 Market st. Emma-
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, SI; cold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction. -
' I do first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; . extractions or filling by - my
wonderful eecret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed,; lady attendants.'
. DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor/
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
• lessly; teeth without plates, our specialty ;gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. tn. to 9 p. tn. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant- R. C' ANDER-
SON, D. D. «S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5, full set; all work painless and war-
. ranted.. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st
SEE my new pink ivory plates;; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns, $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown. 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext., 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $ I.;- crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary at— Expert
. workmanship only; reasonable: hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 40 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist. . .
SET of teeth without olate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. .» , ¦
DllESSMAKKUS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School;
. corset making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
' DOG^ HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C P. dog soap by druggists
or at' the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S S^H^olToT~EXECTRICAirENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construe-"
tlon, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
¦ practical; day and night .24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRES' Leading Business- College, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education ; shorthand,
. typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
xpelllng. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
. new typewriters;, positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S "SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses ;complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory j
school , for the university, law ' and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ' ~.
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
¦•••associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mlnlng.mech.sur-
vey.assay, cyanide; day. eve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, n* City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduate*;
new CO-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg stenographers secure, positions; 11
good positions last week; rapid figures a epe-
clalty. 8. F. Business College, 1230 Market.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, 'banjo taught In
class, $1 month. 1830 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcadeniy
of LanguagcB.3.0Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profs,
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1. month. IKiti Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY I', WESTIIAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, f»Oc; piano for practice. 39 Filth. st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing
; etc.;. day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mlswlon.nr. Oth.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery St.
VIOLIN, mandolin.' guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1003 Mission; Instruments selected.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINOTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;'
¦founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleanlngPcooks
and waltres furnished at short notice. Geo
Klnochlta. 12.'13 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office
- Best, help. 41 1^ O'Farrell st; tel. -East 42<J.
CHINESE and 'Japanese help; estab. 20 years
' Tel. Main 1007. PRAPI..KY & CO.. 640 Clay'.
3rand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 108; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI ; tel. Bush 133.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish moat
reliable help. 524 Bush St.; tel. H6.- , I
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce^ — Japanese" Chi-
nese help. 42C PoweII,nr.Suttcr;teI.Black 5072.
EJWjPJL ; O^^NTj_J\y j AN^ED^^EMALE]
POSITION by a respectable- German woman. as
housekeeper and companion ¦ or caretaker'
city or country. Address box 4258, Call of-
flce, Oakland. <
A YOUNG woman with a child wants a place
as • housekeeper In t widower** family; ref-
" erence. Box 4575, ; Call. :., . -.¦:¦....• ¦ > :
A MIDDLE-AGED German woman with girl of
8 wishes situation as cook or housekeeper In
vicinity of school; wages $20. Box 4576, Call.
YOUNG girl wishes ; upstairs ' work < and :< wp.lt-
ing at table;- good ¦ reference;- wages" SIS
month. Apan~T7So Halght St.. store..- . . '
STRONG- woman wants, work 1 by the day :
houpccleaning or; washing; $l 50 day." Apply
17S3Hatght st. store. . -¦'; . .-v.
| GOOD experienced j young Japanese \girl wants
• position to do housework or to take care of
children. Please call at "3 Mary lane. «w.--, *
BUSINESS; CHANCES— Continued^
WE have for .sale rights for the States of Cal-
ifornia, Oregon and Washington for. the. best
lockcd-wlre ience device ever patented. The
owner of the patent is a practical ranch man
, who has _Ou miles. of barbwlre fence in the
Vanhandle. and who Is now going over the
entire fence system of his ranch, putting tn
the 'stays with this locked-fence, device. The
device has taken like wildfire in the Eastern
States. The State of Iowa alone sold for
$10,000. We have samples \ot the device at
our olfice. where It can be seen. The prln-,
cipal advantage of this fence device is that
it makes a fence that is almost Indestruct-
ible; no power can move the stays when put
on. with our patent fastener and .-. patent
wrench. If this device were adopted In Cali-
fornia It certainly would revolutionize fenc-
• Ing. The fence Is cattle-proof, and by put.
1 ting in enough stays you can fence against
" the smallest animals. The device can be used
on ornamental fences or for office wire work.
The wrench and clips and possibly - some
models of t^e fence can be. seen 'at the City
Wire Works, . on Main st., between Seventh
and Eighth. Mr. Blescar, thi proprietor,
will be gl&d to explain its use. MINING IN-
VESTMENT AND BROKERAGE CO., 345
Byrne building, Los Angeles.
A — SPECIAL: $8000 clothing, gents', fur. shoe
store Invoice; old established; top location;
best town this State; long lease; would con-
sider partnership. Hedges. 4C1 , Parrott bldg.
A — CIGAR stands.. Cigar stands. .Cigar stands
30 busy, money-making stands, $75 to- $20<X>.
I sell choice, well located stands, only.
HEDGES. 461-402 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
A— BEAUTIFUL bazaar, positively netting
$200 monthly; long established; Choicest loca-
tion city; owner retiring; opportunity to pur-
chase safe, pleasant business at low figure.
HEDGES. 4(il Parrott bldg.
A — SALOON; located on busy Kearny-st cor-
ner; swell place; good lease; never before of-
fered for eale; can be bought right; will
ttand closest investigation. Ask HEDGES,
461 Parrott blox.
1 $S00; WELL-PAYING cigar factory and store
in heart of city; plenty of stock and good
, outside cash 1 trade; a money-maker for In-
dustrious party* good reason for selling; full
investigation allowed; part cash; cheap rent
- Inquire P. S. DE LUCA & CO., 31S Kearny.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand Investiga-
tion. P. S. de Luca & Co., 31S Kearny. r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers — It will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
& CO., 318 Kearny st.. room 1.
HOTELS — We have several fine ones to sell.
Stores; 4 paying gen. mdse.; good towns.
Livery stables: 2 large cnes, paying, in city.
Groceries and bars; 5; good business; big pay.
Steam laundry; fine business; large town.
¦ Cigar, stationery, notion stores: good ones.
Saloon; a good-pay ing. one; good location.
Delicacy and cooking kitchen; central; good;
cheap. Also city and country .real estate.
* HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy st. S. F.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
¦ ¦ r £50 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold,
Rents Collected. • '
Loans Negotiated.
.Legitimate Business
. _^ -^ Agent.
RESPONSIBLE party to manage office and
learn general management of old established
wholesale and retail business; party can in-
vest It they choose later and become active
member; in answering state how -much you
' are worth and past experience. Box 4574,
Call office. ..-,..¦
RESTAURANT for sale at a bargain on a
busy thoroughfare; receipts from $30 to- $10
per day and Increasing: fullest Investigation;
cheap rent. D. McRAE, S37 Mission st
KRASKY & CO.. 1040A Market st. room 1»—
Lodging-houses, hotels and flats; 5 to 200
rooms; $200 up; see us before you buy., -
SHOULD you wish to sell your business or de-
sire to invest see SPAULDING. 916 Market
.st. room 67, for quick and profitable results.
BARGAIN' — $250; ¦ branch bakery, notions,
candy, etc.. North Beach; present owner 6
years, estab. 12 years; other business cause
of selling; receipts $10. dally; positively no
agents. Box 4521. Call!
FOR sale — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly pay
rollof $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc..
will Invoice ¦ $1700: good reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165, Vallejo. Cal.
$450— FOR sale, a saloon and lunch house with
living rooms, near factories, on account of
sickness: rent $18. Address K. L., box 4639,
Call office
GROCERY In Oakland doing business $.000 per
\ month; cash trade; low rent; selling on ac-
count of other business. Address box 4255,
Call office. Oakland. -
"WANTED — One or two restaurant .- men. with
small capital to take charge of a restaurant
and bar connected with oyster and tamale
trade. Apply BE. corner 24th and Folsc-m.
$1000 — FOR Eale — Restaurant; call and exam-
ine. 1005 Valencia st; rent $32; average
dally receipts $40. *>. _-: ,-..
TIMBER wanted— A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated so as to have a' home market;
"will pay stumpage or saw by contract Ad-
dress box 4484. Call office.
RESTAURANT and oyster house, cor. Sutter &
Devisadero; rent $40; living rooms; selling on
account of sickness. Box 4545. Call office.
RESTAURANT and lunch rooms; well located;
flne fixtures and first-class In every way; for
eale. Apply 1428 Market st
IF you have money to invest let THE IN-
VESTORS' AGENCY. 137 Montgomery _t
E. F.. know It Call or write for particulars!
FOR sale — Branch bakery, dairy produce, etc. •
1209 Devisadero st; must b< sold on account
of leaving city.
BUSINESS for sale that clears $5 daily; price
$50. Box 4428. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS city route on evening paper for
eale; party going East Box 4692. Call.
FOR rent:— Central brick meat market. Apply
to G. M. DODGE, at San Rafael. ,•;•-*<
FOR Sale — Established millinery store; slck-
ness. Box 430C. Call. ¦'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flilmore.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR~gALE. .
ANY of . the following on monthly payments.
125 rooms; clears $450; only $7000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500
• 30 rooms; first-class; snap... 2300
9 rooms; sunny corner; a beauty; only 375
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade.. 3560
20 looms; clears $75; only 330
40 rooms; clears $108." 800
• A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
. 000 Market St., cor. Ellis.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st— (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In roomins-houses. hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furninh vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates, j
• Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone. Bush 328.
' If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have. bargains. In hotels, lodging-houses,
flats; all sl.eg and prices; In all parts of city.
«*;— . i Near The Call bulldtn..
MARION GRIFFIN.^lf^aXt^frm; 8 ?:.;
J'S. _' MONEY TO LOAN. ¦
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
McBRIDE & CO., 705 Market— Some bargains:
$C50 — 15 rooms; Market st. 1 ¦
$375—1 9-room house, Jackson st
$200 — 7 rooms; rent $15.
$3000—30 rooms; and 00 more houses. '
Some good bargains. Only honest trade,
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. In all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1200 Market.
A— 10-ROOM lodging-house in Oakland; must
sell soon;, no agents. Box 4254. Call office,
Oakland.
A LODGING-HOUSE of 7 rooms for -sale. 2
Golden place, off Golden Gate ave., nr. Hyde.
NATOMA. 217. two blocks from Call— 10 rooms.
neatly furnished; price $275; rent $32. .
$260 — 32 ROOMS; part cash; or will trado tor
some. 765 Market st. room 2. ,
CARPE^^EATI\G^ND^^A«INOr
WHEN you .become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama tt. ; tel. South 10.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3e yd. ;upholster^
lng.1213 Market.bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beatlnj? Works— Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 11th st. ; tel. Capp .T524!
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Mgtn 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tcl.Mlssion 203.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120. -
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning, and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
CO LLECTIO.V OFFICEsT~~
GKOnGE^vT^KKhLrTl^^-^io charge
unless successful.- -Room 810. 027 Market st.
COTTAGES "TO LET. : '
A - SUNN Y cottaire. 3 ¦ rooms ; newly • papered •
$0. '. 709 U. Harrison, st. (rear). - ¦ - - -
COTTAGES TO LET Iff BELVEDERE.
2 .FURNISHED cottages, C rooms and .bath',
rent $40. Apply MISS CHERRY. Belvedere.
HELP WANTED — MALE— -C°J^__,
WA^TKD^CHAsT&nA WM. B. KING'S pen-
sion clients who called at 030 Market st.
last-August In response to the ' following ad-
vertisement: "Wanted— AH discharged sol-
diers' that filed pension claims with KLMi ct
KING to call at 630 Market et.; business of
Importance," to now call at room 344. Phelao
building. Very important.
SHIPPED free every day— Four-horse scraper
men and rock men wanted for railroad con-
tract, Wadsworth. Nev. ; • wages, $2 per day;
board. $5 25 per week; $2 deposit required;
. company will refund same after 20 days. E.
B> & A. L STONE CO.. 900 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.' • - - ¦'• : --"-'-
W ANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of_goou
character, between the ages of 21 and :ij; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st, San Francisco. ' - .
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks: tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. '
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 100 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED^-Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks; tools 'donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles. yCal.-' ¦
WANTED — Sober, reliable young manl with
some cash; %\1 week; steady place; no expe-
rlence necessary. BROWN. 1221 Market st
YOUNG men wanted to go whaling; no expe-
rience required. L. LEVY, Battery and
Jack-on sta. - ...
ASSISTANT trimmer on coats." BELASCO &
HARRIS CO., 641 Market St. ¦
WANTED^ — Barber; good union man. 304 Fol-
som st
EXPERIENCED city salesman, wholesale cigar
business: good opportunity. Box 4421. Call.
CAKE baker, plain work; $12 week; In the
city. Box 452S, Call. . ,
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Fast Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GAS fixture and mantel salesman; give refer-
ence and salary expected. Box 4418. Call.
WANTED— A boy about 16 for wholesale house.
Address box 4525. Call office.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for i
the country. Apply REISS BROS.'. 24 Sutter.
WA'NTED — 50 men to take lodging in Cain-,
bridge House, 543 Howard; changed hands.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension "atty., 624 Market.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
SAILOR?, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart tt.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663 Mission st, bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
V ket— 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions ;
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore. I
A BRANCH office" for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia it. _^
HORSES AND WAGOHS.
wait! ~~~T*"
JUST arrived. 25 head of large draught horses
for sale, weighing from 13C0 to 1700; also
some bred driving Horses; also 1 young Nor-
man stallion; will be at Sullivan's hay barn
on Mission, above Cortlanrt ave., Sunday,
. March 30. . •
FOR sale, Santa Rosa salesyard — Ju3t arrived,
several fine road 'and buslnfsa horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market st, cor-
ner Eleventh.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons., '
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday '
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. j
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade; !
well-lroken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 610 Golden Gate ave.
A NEWBY top wagon, suit bakery, laundry or
butcher. Call 319 Third st, in paint shop.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness, work. driving horses. 13th&Valencia
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies. ¦ carts, harness,
-. etc.. cheap. EGAN. & SON, 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
- camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for 0 cyti — The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
.;= : U.OLSES to let. | -\ (
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN_& CO., 14 Montgomery.
A NEW 00-room house to lease; marine view;
sunny corner. Particulars at room IS, 916
Market st.
A NICE new family hotel to lease; best part
of city; sunny side of street. Particulars 91S
Market ?t, room IS.
HOUSES TO t.ET — FUUXISHED.
SUNNY, nicely . furnished 8-room cottage;
piano. 1475 Sacramento, near Hyde street;
cars handy.
:- MATRIMONIAL. ~
MARRIAGE bureau; est 1S37; reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
* HOUSCS FOR SALE.
NEW house,' 7 rooms; sun all day; flne resi-
dence district; Portola st, off Waller, bet
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORE! C3 Portola.
•LOST ANU VOVSD. ~~,
LOST — In Ferry building, diamond studded
¦ watch with brooch attached; very liberal re-
ward. . Return to CAESAR YOUNG, Clare-
mont ave., bet. "College and Webster, Berkly.
1 TRIPLE-SET diamond ring. Reward If re-
turned to MRS. F. J. JOHNSON. 2512 Wash-
ington St.
LOST — Brown purse with silver corners. Finder
can keep money, but please return purse to
210$ Broadway.
LOST — Lady's gold hunting-case, key-winding
Swiss watch; reward. D. COHEN, 1014 Mar-
ket st.
WOULD the gentleman In buggy that picked
up steel roller on Battery st., between Jack-
son and Pacific, Monday evening, March 21,
be so kind as to return same to McNAB &
SMITH.- 205 Davis st. •'.. -. ;
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
names of Charles II. Morrell and Frances
M. Morrell; No. 2S5-42S. The finder will
please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Caltfor-
nla Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs old
coM and silver to make new .watch eases.
MATTRESSES AKD PILLOWS.
TO order.) also cleaned and sterlllaed; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. IIOl'KR BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st: tel. Buih 421. ; __
Brass. Iron beds: mattresses: pillows:' window
»h«de». J.F. Hotter. 712 Mlmlnn: tel. Main 730.
BI ED I CAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are ttlck or In trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most rilfflcu:t cases treated;
have relieved thousands of mest obstinate
cases; free, confidential ndvlce on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. ¦ W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. ' D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O Farrell. near Taylor.
LADIES, . consult the original MP.S. DAVIE3
. at the old office. 122S Market st : 30 year.'
experience tn obstetric ana other cases. .
MRS. D. GOODWIN. ladies' physician; 23
years' successful experience In S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home. 006 Market st:. op. 4th; fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable. ladles'
.. specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care,; low fees.. .
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
method of ; treatment; maternity home; horns
in confinement.* 1120 Market st,, S. F.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere sp«-
. claHst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOT.KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
Union square: alV diseases cured bv herbs.
MISCKLLA.NKOUS WA.Vl'3.
BIG : prices paid for sealskin coats; alao gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 481.
WANTED — Basement with baker's oven. Box
4572, Call. ", - . . .
I WILL pay good cash prices for old seal-
sklns; send postal;. will call.. Box 43.17. Call.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all slzss. any
condition. FarnsworthEIectricalWks..418Turk.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 .Oth st : tel.- Jessie 2S31.
CAK FRANCISCO' CALL..
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franclsro
Tall, corner of Market and Third streets: open
•ntll 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery ktreet.
Jotw-r Ctay; open until 9:30 p. m. ,
300 Hayes ¦Etreet: open until 0:30 p. m.
039 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
SIS Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
litll Mfeslon street; open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
I until 9 p.'m.
1OG Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 0 p.m."
Norjhwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; opes until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore fctreet- open until 9 p. m. ' ¦ '.
MEbTIA- .NOTICES. '
PA^T MASTERS? A6»ocia- _.
Uon ol California, F. an_ A. 121.
M.. will meet in St. John's ' • ' ff&
(Hall, Masonic Temple. SAT- _F m
L'HDAY EVENING. March yKi__V
29. at 8 o'clock. WORSHIP- A^f_V\
FVL. BROTHER EDWARD /4%_9A
H. HART. Grand Orator at »/**«JM
the M. \V. Grand Lodge of tQ___T_I»> j3 \
California, will deliver an
address. All Maiter Masons are cordially
invited. Busints. meeting at 7:30 p. m. i«y
orJer of the president.
H. J. OWEN. Secretan'.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. n ,
M.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTER- ~^-
NOON, at 2:30 o'clock. Third Degree; l£j%
also in the evening at 7:30 o'clock. '
Master Masons cordially invited. By order
of the m wA r. T - R G AyDERSOy , gee.
MISSION Lodge No. 1C8, F. and A. M. _¦
—Called ir-eetinK THIS (SATURDAY, _/%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Third TtJT
Degree. R. K- ALLAN. Sec. /V>
GOLDEN GATE Encampment No. 1. \ /&
I O. O. V.— Members are requested to y |
meet THIS EVENING, at 8 o'clock. /\
for the purpose of paying a fraternal r X
jrt^j to Oriental q p
PAST Grands' Association, I. O. .^SJSKfe.
O. F. — Members will assemble |^?_jr35h:
In Encampment Hall on SATUR-
I>AY EVENING, at 8 o'clock 'v'tw-
sharp. to take part In a fraternal visit to
Oriental Encampment No. 57. •'"
F. L. TURPIN, President
. W. T. WEBB. Secretary. ¦
ABOU BEN ADHEM Lodge No. .*<_«S8!**
112. I. O. O. F.— Members are §»^?SS_.
hereby notified to attend funeral
of our late brother. FRANCIS "//l»v^
H. PAGE. SUNDAY. 12:30 p. m.. from lodge
room. L. H. KAUFFUNG, X. G.
THE olflcers and members of j'm - '
• Kartnagle fi. A. Chapter No. 8, >|\
U. A. O. D., are hereby noti- ¦ / a\
Ced to meet at Druids' Hall. /A\\
413 Sutter St.. BU.VDAT. fMSt\
March 30, 1SW2. at 1 o'clock /Z__LsLa\
p. it... -Icr the purpose of at- rr ¦ - ¦ <-
tending, to *the ¦ funeral of our late brother
A. V. JAMES J. MOLLINSON DroulCT '
, J £ M A S , Jri MARTINONL Chief Druid.
L. PALMER. Secretary.
THE 80th annual picnic of the" i t.~ <» ,_ "
Andrew's Society of San Francisco OV. 7fc_TJ
will take p'.ace at Fairfax Park on n!J-.x<5;
SATURDAY. May 3. 1902; games
dancing; a good time is assured.
JAMES ItOLPU JR.. President
REV. DR. CARRADINE.- the noted holiness
evaneeli«t, will preach In this city from
March "23 to April 1, twice each day; on Sun-
days at 2:30 p. m., and" every evening at
7:30. at Metropolitan Hall, Fifth ft. near
Market; en week days at 10 a. m. at Penlel
Mitslon HalU'49 Third st. All are invited.
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual meeting of
the rtockholdera of the Western Sugar Re-
fining Comx>any will be held at the office of
the company, S27 Market et, San Francisco.
Cal.. on Monday, the 31st dar of March.
1002. at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpo.e
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
ether business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer bocks will close en FRIDAY.
March 21st. 1902. at 12 m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
ENGROSSING. .
Resolutions, etc.. In first-class manner. J. W
GRIFFITH. Heald's Bus. College. 24 Poet.
AGEXTS WAJfTED.
AGENTS— $10 dally, introducing our Brilliant
Gaslight Burners; families, -business houses,
banks, churches, private & public buildings
I buy at sight; these burners are what the peo-
ple are looking for; they do not require a
chimnej-Uo break)or wick to trim, & make no
smoke or dirt; fit any coal oil lamp without
exj*-nse or trouble, & produce best cheapest
& cleanest light; it Is a great money maker
for agents; 200 per cent profit; write at once
& get to work right away; sample free En.
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. SC7. Cincinnati, Ohio.
SOLICITOR wanted, man or woman, for tea
and coffee. Apply 2126^ Mission st.
DEBITS open for Industrial Insurance agents-
rood field. Apply box C4. Stockton. Cal.
~~ _~~~™_ ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; futuTe"pTed7c7edTreading^
by mall If desired. Raymond. 22" Taylor st.
r ATTORXEYS AT LAW. ~~
52* KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; a... cases; damages, estates, wills mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections
.etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick ;qulet-
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees*
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. B. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
"ket St.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
1J1CYCLI-S — For Sale or Excbance,
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
ert thing out; agency. Columbia, Monarch.oth-
ers; repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkin st.
BIRDS. __PO*;S^JBTC»
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market Bt..bet-8th&9th.
BO ARDiy G SCHOOL WASTED.
GERMAN lady .wishes 1 or 2 childrei/to board-
cunny 3'ard. 439 Minna st '
. BOOKS- — XEW AXD OLD. , l
BOOKS 5 all kinds bought libraries purchased
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1910.
ULS1M.SS CHANCES.
RARE chance and great bargain~lf taken at
once; saloon close to 4 theaters;, money
maker; price $750. Particulars R. G. WILKE
2CVt Kearny st '
A— $1000; UPHOLSTERING and carpet laying
establishment on Devlsadero st; rent $23- at
le_M $N00 mock en hand; good business;
KlekneKs only cause of Bale.. Call R G
__yiLKE. 2«tt Kearny «t. - -
A ~ ?""50; GROCERY and bar on Ninth st";
estabjlahed years; Rood payln* business. Call
—Ri_ q - WILKE. 26H Kenrny st.
A-4M0; RESTAURANT en Third St., close to
Market; rent $50; place clearing $150 per
month. Call R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny K.
A— $3C0: Haloon with 0 furn. rooms, kitchen,
etc.; rent $25; irreat bargain: must be solil at
once. Call H. Q. WILKB. 20'j Kearny st. .
A— fco; nERTAUrtANT and chop house on Oth
K. : must be sold to-day;' owner, hffs to leave
city at once. Call R. G. WILKE.26& Kearny.
$1300— ROAD house with grillroom; choice lo-
catlon acroes the bay; tent $50, Including 4
nirnlEhed rooms; a first-class paying prouo-
K«mi ri(rtlculari1 K °« WILKE, 2«h
$2500— COl:.VEinrroccry and bar; kept by pres-
etit owner 17 year*: a flr*t-clo.fts located and
,?', 1* u *' nwss: K°°<l__nd rexponslble man
will hnd a rare chance.~*-call R; G. WILICK.
2CV4 Kearny et.
A-»14flO; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
_th nu. ; net rent $40; go,A paying business;
estab. years. Jti O. WILKE. 2«^ Kearny.
A ~ IF . > fcu want to -ell your store, saloon, coal
>«rd. route* of any kind, or an * other le s ltl-
mate businees or went a partner in any falr-
paylng business see K. JCENNT, 75 Third st
Canh customers waiting; established 1808.
A 7u^ J: I>ART .^n in a busin^^haTTs
clearing over ?1SO per month and which one
or present owners established 14 years atco:
located on principal street: no previous ex-
JU 7 n 5'°T r hIrr,r leaVt " g thC
$350— O VSTElt and chop house; furnished room
in rear; rent ?S per menth; trial allowed par-
tirs m«-anlng business; splendid chance for
-J_-_. I -J-gi.. w>fe - APPly K, KENNY. 75 Third.
A rr^ R7 lM :l l want *d. with $400, in a well-
s?it. i £L bU8lne *s t that will pay him from
$l5u to f_oo a month. Rohifg Co., 41 Third.
A— SALOON on Third et, close to Market- 2
years' lease; fine flxturts; $1000 stock- good 1
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A 7^ AKE f RY * nd o>!>catessen in Western Ad-
d!Uoii : 4 living rooms; rent S13; clearing $123
month; bargain; $450. Rohlfs Co.; 41 . ThirJ/
A— PARTXEH In boxwood business;' well es- i
Ubllfhed; 4 wagons; 5 horses; 3 men em-
ployed; bargain; $3_5. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — $300: PARTNER wanted: good chance for
steady man satisfied with $18 to $2c/a week ¦
40 Kilts «st., room IS. -„ /
A— J125 BUI'S 1250 cicar stand; beet- location- !
flne businesa. Call at 245 Third et . '<
A— SALOON must be »old this : week. - Call at i
Albany ..Brewery, between 10 and 12 a. m.Poft'TLAND — Sailed March 28 — Stmr Colum
bia, for s, San Francisco: stmr Fulton, for San
Pedro. •' • ¦' -
ASTORIA— Sailed Marcs £8 — Stmr. Elmore,
for TiUamook.^giMj$jEHE9BHBj
Friday. March 28.
Stmr South Coast. Dunham, Albion.
DOMESTIC PORTS.,
SAILED.
. ' ... Friday. March 28.
' Stmr Sookane. Glelow. 44 hours : from - San
Dlo;o and way port3. atStlUl.
Late Shipping 1 Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
SACRAMENTO. . March 28.— The i= fight
between Fred Muller • and Bert Woods
went twenty rounds- to a draw to-night.
It was a poor exhibition. Charles Schwal
enberg knocked out George Peters, the
Woodland "phenom," in one minute. Pe
ters ran around the ring. like a jackrabbit.
Muller-Woods Fight a Draw.
DENVER, March 28.— The match be
tween Jack McClelland of . Philadelphia
and Kid Broad. of Cleveland is oft so' far
as Denver is concerned.' It was. thought
the fight would be decided at the Denver
Athletic Club Tuesday night, since the
Fire and Police Board " refused to allow
the Coliseum Athletic Club to handle the
match, , but the directors of the club de
cided to keep out of the controversy . be
tween the Fire and Police Board' and *the
Coliseum Club. ' ¦¦WUKtSBSBKM
Broad-McClelland - Fight Is Off.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 28.— Fred
Gilbert of Spirit Lake, Iowa, won the
fifty-bird j shooting match to-day for the
Sportsmen's Review .trophy, and thus
takes absolute possession of that cup, Tho
contestants were Gilbert, J. A. R. Elliott
of Kansas City and W. R. Crosby of
O'Fallon, 111. Gilbert and Elliott tied on
47 -out of 50, Crosby . losing four birds. -In
the shoot-off at ten birds Elliott lost his
first/second and sixth birds, Gilbert kill-
Ing, ten straight. .
bilbert Wins Shooting Trophy.
SAN RAF^ ~:L, March 28.^John '- Enos
was arrested to-day at the instigation of
the Marin County Game * Warden for al
lowing deer hounds to pursue deer out of
season. Game Warden Robinson for some
time has been annoyed by men" from other
sections coming to this county and hunt
ing deer out of season. He proposes to
put a stop, to all such operations. There
is a State law prohibiting dogs chasing
deer out of season, and on this charge
several arrests will be made. Mr. Enos
appealed before -Judge Hodden and paid
a flno of $30. ' .
Violates the Game I*aw.
The fish were first dsicovered by boys
who used hand lines, and small hooks for
tho capture of flounders. The youngsters
hooked bass which easily "walked away"
with their light tackle. Twenty basa were
taken yesterday, some of which scaled
fifteen pounds. Those who fished with
hand lines were "cleaned out" time-- and
agraln. Mr. Wicker- and a friend landed
two fish of large size. James Watt and
Colonel Parrlsser •. secured two fish and
lost one large one which Mr. Watt failed
to bring to gaff. Two young men who
were "green" at the game lost quite a
number of fish, but managred to bring
to boat five fine* bass. Those who fished
with hand lines from the shore retired
without securing a fish.
The bass, it is said, frequent the lake
for the purpose of depositing their spawn,
but old and experienced anglers contend 1
that the fish, having practically "cleaned
out" the clam necks on the mud flata
outside the lake, are waxing fat on their
new find within the lake. Doubtless when
the fish discover clam necks scarce they
will hunt new beds. ,
On Sunday a large delegation of anglers
from this city will try their luck in bait
fishing for bass. Strong tackle is neces
sary to success.
The best fishing on Sunday, it is be
lieved, will be from 4 p. m. until dark.
The beat fishing is enjoyed when < tha
tide is about half in and also on the slack,
although occasionally fish are taken at
low water. Yesterday twenty boats were
engaged, and as each boat was occupied'
for at least five hours the inference is
plain that the boatmen must have
made a nice penriy out of the fraternity.
This order of things will continue as long
as the bass freauent the lake. . - ¦
The striped bass are funning In \ Lake
Merritt, near Oakland, and-th«i lake is
crowded daily with boats laden with ama
teur fishermen. , A charge of 50 cents an
hour is made by: the- boatmen, who are
reaping a harvest for the time being..
• Expensive Item.
ber of Anglers— Boat Hire an
Fifteen-Pound' Fish Taken by a Num-
STBIPED BASS BJTNNINQ t ; '
IN LAKE MERBITT WATERS
• A. H. Hummell, counsel for Mrs. Faver
sham, and former Judge Charles Dona
hue, attorney for Faversham, to-day de
nied that there had been any understand
ing in the case and pronounced as absurd
the. contents of the letter and interview.
Faversham is at present playing in Pitts
burg.
"Our marital secrets we do not care to
discuss. I would like to say how much
I thank the newspapers for the consider
ation shown t6 both parties after the af
fair came before their notice, and the
really clever and dignified way some of
the Kastern papers have handled it. I feel
that had the editors been handling such
a case involving their own family or per
ents they would not have shown more
consideration than they, have shown Ma
rion Faversham and me. Imprimatur."
¦ v "If the divorce ; has "been granted then
I am very • happy, and I feel sure that
Marion Faversham is also happy on ac
count of being able to obtain the divorce
so easily and without any contest, pub
licity or expense.' It was a matter of life
and death to both of us that this divorce
should take place: «
"My divorce is no more mysterious than
others that the papers have handled late
ly. It was arranged between Marion Fa
versham and her advisers and myself that
I should give some grounds. I arranged
it— the poor/ : mystical correspondent's
name shall be told when I come to New
York— all the details of the terms of the
divorce I practically arranged myself. So
all. these, stupid stories and Insinuations
from certain newspapers are of their own
manufacture. I shall thank the Herald
for a correct version of my part of the
affair. WILLIAM FAVEKSHAM."
The "interview" inclosed was as fol
lows: HfKtST": ?i r -.-'' '. ' ' ./: .-
'.'After reading- the New-York newspa
pers of March 23, in reference to. my. di
vorce,* I feel that I owe It to. my friends
to send "you the inclosed 'interview,* and
add to it here. .'/..- • ¦ '¦'¦•¦
NEW YORK. March 28.— Counsel for
both plaintiff and defendant in the divorce
suit of Actor William Faversham Indig
nantly deny that the decree 4 In the case
was obtained' by collusion, : as indicated
by/ a letter and interview said to have
been written by Faversham. The letter in
question ; was written from Pittsburg,
March. 26, to the E New York Herald, and
reads as follows: ; :
Actor. Declared i Not to Have
Had Separation Ar
ranged.^-
Explanation Made About
¦ : the Faversham Di
vorce Case.
LAWYERS DENY
COLLUSION TALE
THE^SAtf ;lfKAWUiSCpL 0 CALJL,, SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
13
£*?*¦*• ESTATE CITY — FOR SALE.
REAL, ESTATE FOR SALE '.
BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.'
, ¦ v, • i. ¦¦¦_.-• 3' Montgomery st.
. Leavenworth st.; 50xG0"fect. fcr v JMOO0. .,-.
Jonee-st. -.- lots, close to ¦ town and cars as
well; 24:0. 30, 33 or 40 feet lront 1 by 12S to
lo« :<i feet deep. . . .
Eddy.et., north «i(3c,- back to rear street; fine
c i F°f th >"ee first-class flats. - :
?3000 — Lyon st. ; cars close; street all built
"P;" street worl: done .'-••: . '
Bush st., we^t of Buchanan; 34x137:0; fine
lot lor three choice flata. .
; Devisadero st., ¦ between Green and Vallejo:
three lots, ;>4xi;;7; fine-alzed lots : with -good
view; neighborhood will be first-class. .-'¦-•
Lots on Steiner Bt., between Vallejo ' and
Green, for ?17C0 to $2000.
27:«xl37:0. on Green st.. for $1700; a cheap
lot. ...
Oak Et., near Flllmorc; good lot for residence
or Rats." : • .' - ¦ ¦-'.¦ ¦¦¦
$3500 — McAllister St.. 25x100; splendid lot for
three fine flats. ¦ . • ¦ •
Pierce-st. let. near McAllister; 37:6x130;
$4000; street work done. \
. Lots on Lombard St.. 25x137:6, for only $900
each; street work done. ...
A cheap lot on Oak Et., facing the Park Pan-
handle; 25x137 :U. . . ¦ -. ¦ "
Webster St., near Golden Gate ave.; good lot
for two flats, and would pay well; Street work
all'done. - ¦'".'¦
Green St., north side, 25x137:0; fine residence
lot; good view.. '
i Large Mot on Shrader and Waller sts. for
builder, to handle. • ¦
Unlon-st. lot, near Webster; 25x100; »$1750;
street done; cars oass. ' • ¦ % .
Vallejo st.. south side, near Baker; 25x137:6;
for only $1200. \ •-¦¦'• • S
Vallejo-st -lot, south side, near Broderick;
50x127:6; ?2500. " -. •
¦ Fulton st., facinc the Park, north 6ide;
25x137:6; $ltHX). . •
: Greenwich st.; lots 25x137:6 for $1250. j
Lot on Green st.. 2Ssl37:6, for only 52100; j
good neighborhood. ' I
Flllmore st.. just north of Union; lots 21x100; i
easy terms; Fillmore,' Xrom Union to the bay,
will be business street.
Filbert St.. near Webster; a cheap 25-foot lot.
Union St., north side; cable cars pass; 32:6x
137:<i. $2450; tv.-o Iot3. - ..
$2000 — Greenwich Ft.. 37:4x137:6.
South Broderick St., 25x121; only ?800.
" Greenwich st., near Devisafiero, 2C:6xS6; re-
duced to $750. : , ;
Magnificent view, not to be shut out; Buena
Vista ave.r 25x125. $2000; 1% blocks south of
HniKht.Et.. facing Buena Vista Park. " .
Flint ti-act lot on Epstein et., 70 feet of front-
aEe; enly $500.. ' . • ¦ : - • .
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
\ • 5 Montgomery st.
DESIRABLE REAL ESTATE FOR SALE .
BY C. S. CAPP & CO.. ' -¦ .
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
. 630 Market st.
Dolores st. , east Eide, 183 feet south of Twen-
ty-third; lot 31x117 :«, with 2 fine flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath each, to rear street.
Dolores . st.. east side, adjoining above; lot
30x117:0 to rear street; cars pass.
FINE EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS.
Lot east line of London St., 150 feet north cf
Persia, 150x100.
Lot west line of Paris st., ' 150'feet' north of
Persia, 150x100; adjoining above; these lots
reach through from London st. to Paris, -and
are within one block of the MIsslon-st. road,
and are original lots 3 and 0, block 12.
ALSO
Fine corner lot fronting 150 feet on east line
of Vienna* st. by ICO feet on Brazil;' also ad-
joining lot 150 feet on Vienna St., with a depth
east of 100 feet, being lots 1 and 2 in block 64.
• • ALSO
Fine corner lot fronting 142:9 feet 1.3 west
line of Munich st., by 150 feet more or less on
France ave.. being lot 5 in block 80, as per map
of Excelsior Homestead. '. .
ALSO
Fine large corner lot fronting 500 feet on
easterly line of Twenty-ninth ave. by 120 feet
on R Ft., in block 1094 of the outside lands.
ALSO
A foothill farm of- 240 acres in the frostless
belt, five miles from Napa and near the Napa
Soda Springs; the best- bee ranch in the State.
Sold to close an estate' as a whole or in
parcels. Bids will be received by C. S. CAPP
& CO.. Real Estate Agents. G30 Market St., or
PERCIVAL S. KING, Esq.. Court block, Napa
City
JOSEPH STRAUB. . .. ~7~
850 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. .
- Real Estate Agent. • • •
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents collected. . '
$1400 — TWO new modern cottages, $1400 each;
bath, closet, sink, nice yard, fence; 28 min-
utes* ride to -Third and Market -sts.; $400
cash, balance $14 per month. WELLS &
SAUNDERS. 630 Market st.
APPRECIATED If seen; elegant sunny mod.-
ern house of C large rooms and bath; San Josb
ave., near Valley st.. bet. 28th and 29th;
Guerrero-Ft. cars pass door. _¦' ¦ ' . •
POTRERO house and lot 25x100;' cheap; 4
rooms: $500 cash, balance to suit.' Owner,'
' box 4349. Call office. . :
PAPERING room Walls. $1 50; painting, $1;
whitening. 75c. PAINTER. 315 Golden Gate.
REAL. ESTATE— COPXTRY— For Sale
14,000 ACRES splendid Colony tract, with
railroad station, Fresno County, only $10 an
acre by bank. WOOSTER. WHITTON &
¦MONTGOMERY. e34 Market st.
A — Santa Clara Valley — 30S acres by bank; sedi-
ment land; $1C,4OO: easy terms; near station.
See WOOSTER. WHITTON & MQNTGOM-
ERY. 634 Market st. :
A — Santa Clara Valley— 10 acres In richest col-
ony in California; only $14 15 monthly If de-
sired; don't let this ro by; unprecedented
chance for frugal salaried people. WOOS-
TER. WHITTON Sf. MONTGOMERY, 634
Market et. ; send for catalogue.
A — Santa Clara Valley— Eighty acres; vineyard;
splendid location; elegant soil; good build-
ings; $13,000 to settle estate. See WOOs'-
TER. WHITTON & MONTGOMERY. 634
Market Bt. r- -
A — 260 acres productive land, including promis-
ing townsite; on Valley road; $40 an acre,
third ca#h. See WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market st.
A — Merced County river bottom land; perfect
irrigation; corn, alfalfa, potatoes, grain, stock,
on river bank; cash rental, $2600; owned by
bank; g-cod buildings: grand . farm; cheap.
6ee WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOM-
ERY, 634 Market st.
Santa. Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY, 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $80 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San- Francisco is growing rapidly; location •:
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. .102 California st,. for
pamphlets and information.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange — Beautiful home in San
Jose; convenient in every respect; reasonable;
no agents. Particulars box 4323.. Call of flee.
ROOMS ASD HOARD.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk — Sunny ' front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold. water; modern;
. first-class board; reasonable; phone South S20.
CALIFORNIA,- SO" (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS.' C07 — To a refined couple; large
sunny; parlor, with board. . in private ¦ home.
JOHNSON. The, COS O'Farrell — Nice borne;
good table; spacious grounds; rates moderate.
Lambourne, 420 Eddy — High-class hotel; furn.
eultcs and single; steam beat; board optional.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome " furnished sunny
¦ suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
* - "WANTED. .
MAN wishes unfurnished room, ground : floor,
or upstairs, $3 to $4 month. Box 4550. Call.
~~~~~ SPECIAL.' NOTICES...
'ojin tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
City or country. f. PACIFIC COLLECTION
¦ CO.. 418. Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.. repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard .3264. , 145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, cold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144.' 205 4th.
~ STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIEP.CE-UODOLPH . Storage and Moving ¦ Co?,
office Post and.PowellfEts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840. Mis-
eion et; tel. Howard 041. ; F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEICINS Van and Storage Co.. 030 Market st.:
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
par.y. 2320 Fillmore et. ;¦ phone Jackson 281.
TI1EOSOPHICAL "'-LITERATURE.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood Path (monthly) .The
New Century (weekly); write for- samply
copies and book list to > The Theosophical
Publishing Company,'- International • - Head-
-' quarters of Universal Brotherhood ¦and Theo-
sophlcal Society.- Point ' Loma; ¦ Cal. .' "--¦¦-
TYPEWRITERS AND SUI'I'LIES.
GREAT BARGAINS : 1N~T YPEWRITE Rs'-^We
sell better machines ror less money than: any
house ia the city; rentals $3.' The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 260.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection- Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ; estimate free. 203 Sansome.
PE RSOXAI.S.
aV r\e-— -I line c£ remnants lor suits to order.
Vj5- -Kiiii tbepe euits we make an extra pair
c-r rnris free of charge; other euits on install-
me-ts n w«*Wy. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
\,- » vTl-'D V man potted on Eastern lumber
urd thine!* business with $25.C00 capital to
i-u'rchaM' a complete shingle and- finishing
plant on Humbolit Bay. Address N. II.
PINE, EurOc*. CaU ____11.
\VHV frutw* c;i can *>* certain of 6tyle and
fit by using Standard Patterns. April pat-
irrns and '/lie Designer now ready. J. W.
EVAN'S. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Cth.
i!kECTUIC lifht ia every room — Winchester
Hotfl, H Third St.. near Market; -700 rooms;
to fl 5o Per nicht; fl f>0 to J6 per week;
tree 'bus and bagscjre to and from the ferry.
A—VntAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, ruakes colored t-hirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
AUTUiTlC haJrdressinc. any style. 25c; sham-
pooing, 50c; hair dried in 10 minutes h mani-
ouring, G. LEUERER. 123 Stockton st.
1IOKET loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stones bought
«t W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single,' three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 3310-1^12 Stockton St., near Broadway.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
vcrSc guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A tchool to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
icuring:. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market,
bet. Po!k and Yen NesF. MISS A.V. DOYLE.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers £t CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. »21 Market et. ¦
fc'CPEKFLUO'.TS hair and moles destroyed with
flectric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— IF ycur hair is falling or you are bald call on
r>r.G.E.Mojre,3320'rarrell; send for circular.'
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. E. RAY. 437 Minna st.
Mrs. Brisks — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West £53.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal costumer. 26 O'Farrel!; conntry orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Gcary.r.27.
eUPERFLUOES hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrn.Traverse.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPsTcURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits. ?7 &0; dress pants, $2 50.
. Mislit Clothing Parlor, ccr. Bufh and Dupont.
XjR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best ccrn cure. 25c; all druggists.
F.VINTERS A*D DECORATORS.
Rooms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st- ; tcl. Red 3521.
ifiKST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures, j.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. »v>.: t»I. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
MnsT~E^^A^CET^clentTnc business palmist,
parlors 14% and 15. The Vendome, 1104 Mar-
ket rt. ; hours from 10 a. m. to 9 p. . m. ;
horoscopes cast by mall. $1.
MJiE. G. L. NEERGAARD rca«s 1 to 4. 700
Poet St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist. 515
Taylor *t.. bet. Geary ar.d Post :tel. Black 561.
PH YSICIAAS ASP SDRGEOy S.
AN established paying medical business for
ealo at a bargain; a splendid opportunity for
a registered qualified physician to secure a
specialist's practice which ie clearing over
$5000 a year; name, lease, good will, furni-
ture, fixtures, etc.. all bo; the fullest op-
portunity will be given the right party for
investigation; only those who- mean business
need apply; satisfactory reason for selling
given. Box 4511. Call office.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
. no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tatlcn free. Drs. Fordea & Porterfleld. 0 Turk.
A— DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
Burgeon, at 4S4 Valencia st. ; .hours 10 to 8.
DH. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021»4 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
|1 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EULI, (The"). 1773 Market — Sunny suite, with
grate, gas and kitchen, $20; telephone. • •
' COLDEX GATE ave.," Cll— Parlor floor; newly
•furn! shed; cae range; yard; $35. ; ',
HOWARD, 72S— Room furnished complete for
housekeeping for one; aleo sunny room, $6.
HOWARD. 10C3 — 2 runny connecting complete-
ly fur. front bay-window rooms; range; $10.
HYDE. 408 — Sunny back parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping; also rear basement euite,
yard, laundry.
LARKIN, 716 — '£ tunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; also einsle rooms. .
LARKIN. 1010— Newly furnished rooms, single
cr en euite; light housekeeping.
SIARTIfA place. 3, off Geary St., near Mason —
Nicely furnished housekeeping rooms; sunny;
$2 j>er week.
MINNA, C14, near Sixth — Furnished housekeep-
ing rocms. ¦- -. ,..
OAK, 117 — Nicely furnished eunny suit; sink;
pas; range; phone; every convenience; S12 up.
POLK. 5^b — 2 cr 3 housekeeping rooms, nicely
furaifhed and others; cars pass the house.
POWELL. 1005. cor. Clay-r-2 sunny rooms, |1C;
3 connecting, $39; all complete for hcusekpg.
STOCKTON", 1206 — Single housekeeping rooms
to let, $j. $6. $10; gas and stove. •
ROOKS TO LET Faro, end Unfnrn.
A— FREE list famished rooms to let; with or
without beard; we eave you walking the '
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau, 10 Montg-'y. ;
ARGTLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New. elegaat.
tunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; h&cdscmest
griil room in California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
2Sc to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
. li£ht housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
CURXETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
Bleheti rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
ALL choice neet sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath, phone. .332 Stockton.
CLIFFORD. 201 EU1?. cor. Mason — Elegantly
furalEhed Eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 10C— Newly furnished sunny eultes;
also single rooms.
ELLIS. 021 (Mczart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
I 25c. $1 50 night;. $1 60, $6 wit.; open all night.
ELLIS. S20 — Newly furnlehed sunny rooms;
private family.
FCLTON, 110—2 sunny single room3, $5 per
months, lor rcntlemen.
FULTON. SSI— Elegant furnished front suite oJ
rocrnE, with bath, modern improvements.
GEATiT. 405 <Tlie Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7tn and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a culet. orderly
tome at moderate charjrf.s: suit, single, clevat.
L.AGUNA. 1310. near Ellis — Furnished sunny
bay-window room end board; hot and cold
water; bath adjoining; reasonable. . ,
1101 Geary— Handsome suites;
»: private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MIKSTCN, 1514, near 11th— Nice room, suitable
for 1 or 2 persons; $1 50 per week.
KATOMA, 2X7, 2 blocks of Call — Neat sunny
front rooms; $1 60 per week. " ¦
NEW ARLINGTON, 3015 Market— Nicely fur-
clshtd rooms ; $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
OAK. 125 — Sunny furnished room; bath; gas;
¦ OTABRELL,, 20 — gunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, eiec. lights; day. week,- ma
PINE, CtOO — Sunny, corner, handsomely fur-
nished rooms for gentlemen in private family.
PINE. U90 — Elegantly furnished eunny. rooms,
. fcuHe or elncle; i-n new flat; private family;
centlemen.
TOST. £21, near Leavenworth— Elegant large
alcove parlor; furnished o.' unfurnished. '
J'tOYAL House, 128 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-rccci, emoking-rooul and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, J55c to $1 00; week. $2
to $8; raontn. $8 to 530; elevator on ground
floor: roomK with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 28— Nicely. furnished sunny suited
With or without housekeeping; also single
room*. .
SEVENTEENTH. :5458. nr.' Valencia— Sunny
frost room: 2 glngle rooms. Just furnished.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
TEHAMA, 308, near Fourth— Nicely furnished
j-unny front rooms, suitable for one or two.
Vendome. 1104 Market — Changed' hands; newly
renovated : furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. • Miller.
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
FubscrtptloBi hts been established at 1096 V*.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
I pFFiCE~ni8 BRQADWAY.V
OAKLAM) RKAIj ESTATE.
UUOUWAHL, '..-WATSON & '¦' CO., '
WOODWARD, -WATSON & CO.. I
WOODWARD, AVATSON . & CO.,
WOODWARD,' WATSON'&VCO:. •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.. " |
WOODWARD, WATSON &_CO.. •¦;
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,', i
WOODWARD, WATSON & ' CO.;
WOODWARD, . WATSON & CO.. ,: "^^Si
AVOCDAVARD, WATSON & CO.. / > v ¦ I
WOODWARD. WATSON r & CO.. /--. ' |
WOODWARD. WATSON -& CO., • '
WOODWARD.' WATSON & CO..
WOODWARD.' WATSON & CO.. . • ¦ .- ' "!
WOODWARD, WATSON -& CO.,- ¦ : ¦ • . |
1 - FIRST SALE OF, THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. ;.\
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON.. j
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. {
FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. .
I \ ' . • ¦ ~ : : ; '• \ : -:-\, ' : ' ' '". :
SPECIAL SALE. .' ' ,,
II . SPECIAL SALE. » v ;
SPECIAL' SALE. • ,/ .Vi..:
><: SPECIAL SALE. •¦ „ ~
SPECIAL ¦ SALE. . '..;
, . .^a, ¦'.SPECIAL '-'¦ SALE.', :,.. . :\
.¦ SPECIAL SALE. .
..AT AUCTION. v , '
AT AUCTION.
;'. AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION!
AT AUCTION. • .
"TALBOT PLACE." . ,
-TALBOT PLACE. 1 ' V. ~:
"TALBOT PLACE." >
"TALBOT, PLACE," •
"TALBOT PLACE,"
"TALBOT - PLACE,"
, • ."TALBOT, PLACE," . v !
' Near San Leandro. ;
Near San Leandro,
Near San Leandro,
Near San - Leandro,
• " Near San Leandro. •' ' •:•-,''
Near San Leandro, '- ¦!£•> '.
Near San Leandro,
-TO-DAY. SATURDAY. MARCH. 29, 1902.
TO-DAY, SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902.
TO-DAY. SATURDAY. MAKCH 29, 1902.
TO-DAY, SATURDAY, MARCH 20, 1902.'
TO-DAY, SATURDAY. MARCH 29, 1902.-
TO-DAY. SATURDAY. MARCH 20, 1002.
TO-DAY, SATURDAY. MARCH 20. 1902. .;
At 11 O'clock a. m. on the Premises."
We will sell a ty public auction .and to the
highest bidder, the^beautlful country -home of
Mr. Fred C. Talbot.- consisting of 140 acres of
the very finest fruit and vegetable land— sixty
acres in full bearing orchard, consisting of
English Walnuts,. Oranges,; Cherries, " and , all
varieties. . • • . . • '
BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE. -
Thoroughly modern, fine stable, superintend-
ent's cottage,- milk house, brooder houses, -etc.,
etc. — an ideal country home.
Following the sale of the land and Improve-
ments, we will also sell all of the personal
property. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE—
Consisting of elegant, costly household furnish-
ings. - oil paintings, ¦ steel engravings, .• Decker
Bros, grand 6quare piano, etc., -etc. ¦¦ ¦ .-'•¦< .•
\ Carriage teams,, raddle • horses,' Shetland
ponies, carriages and carts, harness, saddles.
Several fine head of cattle— "Jersey stock."
Send "for catalogue for all particulars., and
complete list of -property to be sold. -...,-,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & '¦ CO., '
WOODWARD. WATSON , & CO.. '
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON ' & CO.. •
WOODWARD. WATSON & ¦ CO.,' l '¦
WOODWARD. WATSON & ,CO.,.' \ :
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,
(Incorporated)
¦ Real Estate Auctioneers,
¦ Real Estate Auctioneers. ¦
Real Estate Auctloneem. ' .
Real, Estate " Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers,
Real Estate Auctioneers.
Real Estate Auctioneers,
"¦=='
903 Broadway, Oakland.
903 Broadway. Oakland, ; ' '
903 Broadway. Oakland.
003 Broadway. Oakland.
003 - Broadway. Oakland.
003 Broadway. Oakland.
903 Broadway. ' Oakland. :¦'"'
GEORGE W. AUSTIN, : ~
460 TENTH ST., OAKLAXD.
$1000 — Cozy cottage. of 5 rooms; hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain" sink. etc. ; newly paint-
ed and papered; sunny side; -street work and
walks complete; near cars and school; terms
if desired; 1743 Filbert St., near Twenty-sixth;
go and see it; owner, will be there. • .
$2350 — Modern cottage of 6 rooms; bath; high
basement; bay-window; brick foundation, etc.;
all In fine condition; lot 50x125 feet, with stone
walks, open lawn. etc. ; on , Myrtle st. ; close
in; location very desirable. •
$3750 — Owner away; a, genuine snap; a per-
fect little gem of a home; 7 rooms; porcelain
bath, etc. ; lawn, stone walks, etc. ; choice lo-
cation; strictly -residential; -$1000 cash will do;
could not be built nicer. .
GEORGE W. AUSTIN,"
< r X ¦ ' - : 400 Tenth st., .Oakland.
LOOK THIS UF TO-DAY. ' -. ,' '.', ;;¦:/ • • -."
' New pretty homes. -, 5 to 8 ' rooms ; . all ' mod-
ern; prices moderate; vacant 40-foot lots; $800
'to $1000; elevated above the street and. includ-
ing street work complete; . on - Merrlmac ¦ or
Twenty-eighth, sts., .between Telegraph ave.
and Grove st.; choicest and cheapest property
in Oakland; close in and handy to schools and
churches. See W. T. HARRIS on the prem-
ises .or i GEORGE W.AUSTIN,
'-.'«. •.— . ' 460 Tenth; st., Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The V/eekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address • in the
United States or Canada one-. year _ for jl,
postage paid. -. •' -,¦•'. . ; , ,.'.>. .
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents-^-The. Weekly Call,
10 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALK.
FURNITURE good and cheap this "monthT^TC
. .SCHKLLHAAS. «08 Eleventh St.. Oakland. ¦'
ALAMEDA, ADYERTjSEMENTS.
REAL, ESTATE.
$2400 -WILL' build new v modern cottace of . 5
rooms; Santa Clara' ave.,- near Sherman st. :
.lot, 37:6x120. . Ji H. YOUNG, Builder 1243
'¦' Park st. '- ' . \ :-..:- .
BERKELEY; ADVERTISEMENTS
. BERKELEY RBAL ESTATE. ¦;;."
NEW 5-room cottage; bath; mantel, basement;
corner lot 40x1,00;. Golden Gate ,
' $1700 — $500 .. cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, ¦ bath ; street work done ; city : water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave.;' near Berkeley
.train. ¦ ' -" : ' '¦ ' -¦.-.¦¦"•.¦•.-¦¦.•-¦;-•.-• ¦ .;.!-...
' $1750 — $550 cash, balance flat loan. ' Pacific
Home Buildlns ' ¦ Company, . 39 Nevada block
San Francisco. . . -. ¦ ¦..' '
COTTAGE of 7 .rooms and ' bath ; r high . bcise-
ment ; easy payments.*- MURDQCK, ( 514 Pine.
CHEAPEST and, best in "America— The -Weekly
Call. - 16 pages. . sent ¦ to • any; address '¦ In / tha
United States or Canada one year for $l.i .-' •-
SAN RAFAEL iDYERTISEM^TS
' ROOMS Wd .BOARD. ' V -V
SAN RAFAEL^— Room 'and;' ¦''board "."(orV jairt
board) for single gentleman; private"; fanRly;
6 minutes' walk c from' broad . gau^e ' station;
large grounds. Box 4563,; Call office;,' •
•-.. J. and J. Harris -(owners) with James A. Mc-
Donald ¦ (contractor),- archUect. .William 'H.'- Ar- :
mitage-^Carpenter and mill work/ tinning, etc
for a 2-story. frame building (4 Hats) on W line
of. Powell -street. 100:6 N of Chestnut,- N 35 br
W 87:8! t«op.' -- . - . - . . .
Mrs. A; .'> M. Davidson (owner) I with : J. E
Miller (contractor)," architect C: Haynes — All
work for a 3-story frame building . on E : line
of N6«b street. 75 N of Elghteenth. ; 25xS5; $52TiO.
(owners) with ,Pareells-Greenwood CoiBpany
(contractors), -architect Albert . Plssis — Vault
linings. and. doors, combinations and timn
locks, automatic bolt - motors and . day, gatet
for building on N line of California street. 55:3
W-of Leldesdorff.WeO by N : U4:S%:'^7.<LD0O.
and gptoyome Tribe' No. 12, Impd. O. R. M. t
. - are respectfully invited to attend the funeral
¦ on Sunday, ;¦ March 30. at 1:30 o'clock, from
.Druids', Hall, '413 "Sutter .street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, . by 8:S0 : o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. v
MUELLER— In this city, -March 27, 1002, Ru-
. uolph. Mueller, dearly .. beloved \ husband of
Louisa Mueller, and beloved : father of Ru-
dolph. Jr., AValter and Richard Mueller, r a
- native 'of Canton"; Bern. Switzerland, aged
37.: years 5 months ahd'28 days. (Cleveland,-
' Ohio, and - San Jose, Cal., papers >pleasa
;copy.) -. --, --. .¦ -. # .-. : .'^ .- '•¦>
' '*• ICTFriends^ and; acquaintances. art respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(SUnday)," -.at '2 '-o'clock, from the parlors of
j the Gantner & Guntz Undertaking Company.
.,,1200/., Mission street, between ' Elshth' and
.Ninth. Interment Cypress* Lawn .Cemetery.
MUENTER— In this city. March 28, - 1902, ln-
.. f ant son ' of .William and Annie Muenter, a
native of San Francisco. "-. : " • ,
PAGE— In" this city, March 25, 1002, Frank H.
. Page,- a native of Rhode Island. ¦ need 65
' years 3 months and 14 ' days. - (Rhode Island
and Los Angeles papers please copy.) .': ¦;. ¦¦'. . . ,
• C?"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ; the ; funeral services
•'-.Sunday, -.March 30, at 1 o'clock,; at Memorial
. Hall,- I. O.'-O.'.-F.-* building, corner - Seventh
and Market streets. Cremation Odd Fel-
• lows'. Cemetery. .. . ¦ : ."•¦: '¦•¦: "¦ ¦¦¦ .
PIERCE— In this city, March 28, 1902, Albert,
- dearly beloved and only child of Frank H.
¦ and Lena May Pierce,- a native of San Fran-
cisco^ aged 10, months and -28 days.- •. '
RAHMSTORF— In Oakland; March 28, 1902,
;, Cora Rahmstorf, a native of Holstein. Ger-
many, aged 76 years, and- 2 months. :<~$
¦ O-J^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - Invited to attend • the . funeral services
Mcnday, -March «1, 1002, at 2 o'clock; at
the parlors of Henry Evers, 865 Washington
. street, Oakland. Interment 'Mountain View
Cemetery; , • . .¦•-.;
SEARS— In this city, March 27. 1902. Julia
Sears, a native . of England, aged 63 years.
SMITH— In this. city, March 28. 1002, Captain
Charles Smith, -a native of Germany, .. aged
62 years..,*- t< -. . .— ¦; v. ¦ . • : '
, -v lC7Friends and, acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend .the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2:15 o'clock, at'the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany,, 405 Powell street, near Post. -Inter-
ment Cycress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30
o clock train ' from "-. Third and Townsend
streets. '-, • .
SUTER— In Oakland. March 27, " 1902. James,
beloved husband of Annie Suter, a native of
England. A' member of ¦ Manzanita Tribe
No. 4, . Impd. O. li.' M. - '- -' " •.-¦'.
WALTJEN— In this city. March 27, .1902,'
• DIedrlch Waltjen, beloved son of DIedrlch
and Mamam Waltjen. and brother of Al-
fred and -William Waltjen, Mrs. Frank Derby
- and the late John Henry ¦ Waltjen, •' a native
of Pajaro, Cal., aged 29 years and 6 months.
a ¦ CTFriends nnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral , to-day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, -, B29 Sixth street, between Bryant' and
. Brannan. ' Interment; Holy Cross Cemetery.
WESTON— In this elty, March 28, 1902. .Ella
B., beloved' wife of the late Frederick G.
Weston, mother of EllemM. and Eleanor E.
.Weston, • daughter of Mrs.. T.. Welter,, and
sister of Mrs. W. • Howlett of Oakland and
Mrs. John J. Quinn, ¦ a' native of Oakland,
| aged 32 year3 . 6 months and '2s days.- ¦"¦ (Bir-
. mingham. Ala.,' papers please copy.) "
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
. . cf her slster.Mrs.. John J.' Quinn,. 217 Te-
hama'stroet, thence to St. Patrick's; Church
for, Fervices . at 2 o'clock. Interment- St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 3 o'clock
, creek boat. . . . . -. : ¦• ' .
WILKIE— In the - City • and County • Hospital.
March 2S, 1902, Arthur M. Wllkie. a native
6f Ireland, ¦ aged 36 years; . -
WILT— In this cityr March 28,' 1902, John A..
. -beloved, husband of Alice Wilt, and father of
• Bonner L., John T., Herbert and Ida M.
Wilt, a native of Canada, aged 79 years 4
months and 14 days.,
WINDROW— In this city. March 28, 1902; Cap-
tain John Windrow, & native .of Stockholm,
- Sweden, .aged 73 years. . . -\- >->¦-.-,.
-: -..tCrFriends and. acquaintances are respect-
: fully. invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Sunday), at I o'clock, from the'-Darlors of
H.>F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
. tween - Seventh and 3 Eighth. Interment Cy-
• ' press Lawn ! Cemetery. • ' ¦
EASTJER NOVELTIES. ;
Florist Co.
107 POWELL ST.Nw«ELUS^:505ff
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY/MARCH 28.
City and County of San Francisco to Adolph
Schwartz,, lot on ¦ S iline of -Turk street,; 112:6
W of Larkin, W 25 by S 137:6; 5 . - ,
I George F. and Jessie B. Nevins to Mary A.
Carroll, lot on E ' line of Van Ness avenue,
152:8ViN' of Jackson street, N 25 by E 100;
?io. :•/•-.."¦ . . - - .
- Charles F. Schroth to The Schroth Company
(corporation),' . lot ! on a line of Geary street,-
107:tt-W of PoIk.'W 127 by S 120; 'also lot on
SE line of Market street, 200 SW of Sixth, SW
25 by SE165; also' lot 'on SE line of Folsom
street; 275 SW of Fifth,- SW 90 by SE 100; also
lot on S line of Geary street, 137 : 6, W of Mason,
W 137:6 by S 137:0: also lot on E line of Stock-,
ton street, 60. S of Post,' S CO by E 70; also lot
on E'llne of • Kearny street...40:6.3-of;Bu8h;~ 8
42:3, E 40, S 38, E 98, N 08, W. 47, N 68:9. W
21:9, S 46:0. W. b*S:9; also lot on W line of
Minnesota street, 225 S of Nevada, W 100, S 25.
W 100. S 125. E 200, N 150; ? 10. 000. ¦ «
. Albert and Malvena Gallatln - to Michael L.
McBrtde. lot on S line w of- Union street, 137:6
W of Steiner, AV 27;C by S 137:6; $10.
. Herbert E. . and Grace W. Law to Clara M.
Johnston (single 1 ), lot - on ¦ NE corner - of Lom-
bard and Devisadero streets, N. 112: 8 by E
30:6; also lot on E line of Devisadero street,
112:0 N of Lombard. N 25 by E 111:6;, $10.
• Same to C. A. Buckley, lot on SW corner of
Lombard and * Devisadero- streets, S 110'by W
"87 :C; also lot on W line "of . Devisadero street,
110 S of Lombard, S 27:6 by W : 137:6; flO.
• Metropolitan Improvementi Company to Sam-
uel. H.'; Boardman; lot on SW. corner -of Pacific
avenue and Broderick ' street, W 45 by S 100;
$10. ¦ ' . .-¦•¦¦ •
Arthur and Maria L. Stevens .to Marie : L.
Neubauer (widow), lot on S line' of Golden Gate
•avenue, 62 :C W of Lyon, ,W 25 by S 100; $10.
George E. Tooker to Elizabeth; F.- Duffy
(widow), lot on E line of Tremont avenue. 267:3
5 of Waller street, S 25 by E 75; $10. - ;
- - Magdalena I and Peter S. Van Winkle to Os-
bourne J. and -Annie A. Meade, lot on>W line
of .Howard street, -210 N of Nineteenth. - N 30
by W 122:6: $10. - - ¦; •
-' Hibernia Savings and Loan Society to Marie
Younghans. (widow), lot on S line of Liberty
street. 85 W of Noe, W 75 by S 100; $650.
' OsmerN. Clark to. Hannah Clark, lot r on S
line of Twenty- fourth street, 25 E of Dolores,
E 25 by S. 100; gift. •
', . Lev! M. f Kellogg to Charles Schlessinger, lot
on S line of Union street, 160:5 E of Stockton
f E 22:11 by S CO; $1. . . - ;= ... '
: Henry J. Aden, Samuel and Luella K. Hirst
and L. G. and Jessie V. Harrier to Julie Zwelg,
lot on N line of Sutter street. 206:6 W of Pow-
ell,"- N 137:0, W 0:414, S 137:6, E 0:8^ "quit-
claim deed: 81. . • . -. -..-
Albert C. Jewett. William J. and Ellen L.
Helm : . (Jewett) and Susan , M. . steele (Jewett)
and Thomas J. Steele to San Francisco Invest-
ment. Company . (a corporation), lot on W- line
of Mason. street, 55 S of- Ellis.. S 27:0 by W
62:0; $10. . - -•> • . . ' ¦ -
Heber N, (or .H. N.) .Tilden to- same, lot on
¦W lino of Mason street, 27:0 S -of- Kilts 'S
27:0 by W "82:0; $10. ' ' ' ~
\ Joseph Pilger to • Lucy Pllger, i lot on N line
of Post street. 137:6 E of Hyde, E. 26:9 by
N"12O; gift. -.-. \ . ... . . .
• " Douglas ,S., and Mai M. Watson to. Samuel
H. Boardman, lot on SW line'-?.; Rltch street \
206:3 NW of Townsend,. NW 22:11 by SW S0 :
$io. :•"-.':¦- ¦ '¦¦ • - -- .i - ¦-. • -¦¦'•.'
1 Charles F. . Schroth to The i Schroth Companv
(a corporation).- undivided^ two-thirds interest
in- lot on* SE lineof Folsom street, ,412-6 SW
of Fourth, SW 137:6 by SE 275; also undivided
one-half interest in lot on vNW. corner of Turk
and. Mason streets, N 42:6 by .W.-,75;: also un-
divided one-half, interest in lot on SW, corner of
Geary and Polk streets. .W 50- by S 120- $5000
• ' Estate Mary SMcLane (by .' Dennis Haves'
executor) to Marie Engisch,. lot, on SW line of
Sixth street, ' 1G2 :6 NW of Folsom, - N W 12-6
by.SW.15B; $10,000. v - \ - . ,; ¦'
Drury and Sarah 1 B.-rMelone to George a'
Merrill. Mary. M. Miller (wife. of. George B >*
lot on NE corner, of Seventeenth street, ard
San" Bruno avenue, E 100 by N 185; also lot on
SE corner "of Sixteenth street and San Bruno
avenue, E:1CO by S 185;. $10. ;-..'.; ¦ . - °
: F.H. Gould and E. B. Gould, lot on E'line
of v Rhode Island street. 50 N of • Twenty-fifth"
N CO by E 100; $100. i. : • r . .*
John ' G. Malech to Ida E. Baltz, lot on F.
line of "Arkansas • street, 100 S of. Yolo,-. a 50
by E 1C0; S500 : \ . .' .
. William H. and Georg^na Buckler. to William
H. Hoyt, lot on W line. of Fifth avenue -275
N of Lake street. . N • 50, W 107:5%, SE 50:1
E110:2^t $10. ¦.. • ., .-
Alice and tGustav'Kram pert to'E.B. Hallett
and.AV. S. Gee, lot on W line of Eleventh ave-
nue, , 125 - S of H street, S 25 by \V 120, ; quit-
Claim ' deed; $10.; '"".-' ' ¦•¦ ' . '
.,E. B.and Emma C. Hallett . and Vesta L
"and: William S. Gee to Thomas and Elizabeth
A'.* Longworth, : same; $10.' . '¦ . ¦ ...
• rEila.L. Baker (wife of. Abljah) to Daniel E.
Collins; « lot- on :S-' line of J'street, 57:8 -W 1 - of
Klshlh avenue. vW 25 by-S 100: $10.- .
- >M;try M.'B. Martin (single) to Mary Stephanl
' lot on ¦-: E J line . of ; Eleventh : avenue,-. 125 N of
M 'street. N~ 25 by E 120r-«10.:- ... , ,
Lester > J.' and ' Nelly I* v Clark (or Clarke) to
G." F. ' and > Anna Thompson, ¦ lot on S line of
Crescent avenue, : 46:8 E of Porter street. E
23 :4 - by " S 75, ' being a portion '. of lots . 7C V 7s
and 80. i Holiday Map A : $10. - - - . - . '• ,
' : George ¦ F. and Anna" Thompson to • Frederick
C. and Meta Krcger, same; ?10.- - > - .*¦:,¦':
. ' Builders'- Contracts. ;. '
' Watson & "WatJioh, Inc. (owners) with Duffy
Brothers '• (contractors),^ architect 'Albert -Sutton
— Plumbing. . sewering and gasfltting » ror; two
apartment ; houses known'-as the, "Kenll worth "
a 4-story 'and basement; frame,; and | the '*Ava-
lon," a < 3-story < and : basement • frame building
on NE ; ; corner of. Powell. ind" Bush streets rN
»!8:6 by.E 67:6, N, 69,^.70, S 137:6, W 137:6-
$14,075.' *v.f..'".- .-'-.: '. •' ': - : '-•¦'. * i' ; ¦'¦ ¦• :¦:- -,.
J. M. I Levee & Co. (owners) • with . A.' - : Her-
mann ; (contractor)/, architects '.William Mooser
6 - Son — Alterations -. to -. a . store . front » In a 1 2
and 3. story i brick and frame -.building on SW
corner of Powell and Geary streets/ 85 on Pow-
ell andi»2:0 on. Geary ,'$2280. . : .-: .„« ¦
.''Mercantile Trust Company 1 of San Francisco
, mabsiage; licenses. .
. v .'The. following -marriaEO licenses were Issued
yeuterday: . -,.- • ¦¦¦"¦ :¦¦ • >"" • .'% ~ ¦¦:'.' ¦'. ,-r • . , ¦ '
>•; V: R~ Melville Borden, 2.T, 817.1Iisslon!street,
and' Beatrice H. Charleton, 23, - llT Cedar ave.
-James A> Harvey, 32, ' Santa Cruz, and Amy
F..- Goodwin, 31, Santa Cruz. ¦.'.'.' . ••,•.-.'.-•*
¦ ' Charles ' J. ¦ Bass, 2!», :. 2185 ' Fifteenth ' street,
.and'Matie C. Hart, 'Si, .9 Scott. street. /'.
Jack Goldstone, . S5, 1427 Bush ¦ street,''- and
Beatrice , Schmalz, . 21,' 1138 McAllister street.
Schuyler A. Barber, 32, Portervllle, • and
Edith F." Henry, 27, Porterville. • ¦-'
¦ Alexander M. Athanasiade, • 25, 3580 Twen-
tieth street, and Mary E. Jones, 10/ 1321 Guer-
rero ¦ street. . •-: -. . ¦
•' Albert ¦ Baer, 20, '.301 Kearny ¦ street, and
Flcra E. .Cohen,. 22, ' 13S3 Geary street. ¦ . .
, rBIRTHS—MARRIA6ES— DEATHS. : .
: Birth, '. marriaKe and " death • notices sant ' by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of - the publication ¦ offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of. per-
sons authorized -to have,' the same published.
, • married. :• ¦:: ' x
FALLON— THEELEN— In this city, March 26,
• 1902,' af the Golden West Hotel, by the Rev.
- Herbert F.'-Brlggs, pastor of Central M. E.
Church, Ira I T. Fallon ' and . Katie Theelen,
"both-. of Fallon, Nev. -. , v
KINGWOOD— HUSH— In this city. March • 21,
• 1002. by the Rev. Father Moran. John H.
- Kiaewood and .Roee E. Rush, both of San
' Francisco.' ' ''¦'
LANGENBACH— MILLARD-ELLIS— In ' - . this
city, March 27, 1902, by the Rev. Frederick
A/ Doane, John -A. Langenbach and- Ellen
M. Millard-Kllls. both of . San Francisco. :
•¦¦.- ;-- DIED. ~~~ '
- Albertson," Harry B. '¦ • Mollison, James J.
; Apple, John C. '¦ Mueller, Rudolph ¦
; -Black;- Alma. ' '•¦'. Muenter- (infant)
..Brown, Sylvester '" Pace, Frank H.
'.'« Camm, •¦ Myrtle A. ,. . Pierce, Albert
Dean. Michael • - ¦'¦ Hahmstorf ,-i Cora l
Fitzgibbon, Maurice Sears, Julia ..•'.'.
v '.. Gerberding,' Albert Smith, r Capt. Charles
¦ • Haake, ' Henry ~~r* Suter, James' • •
¦ .Hay, '.Mary C ' Waltjen, / Diedrich
Herman, ¦ Marie A. . Weston, Ella B. .
Hcssack. Louise '. .¦Wllkie, Arthur M.
' Hudson, Susan , r • Wilt, John A.-
Manuel, Ambrose ' Windrow, Capt. John
• Mason, Frederick A.^-, •¦ . ; ,' - -, .;
ALBERTSON— In Fort Jonea. Sisklyou County.'
March 27, 1002, Harry. B., son of Mrs. Delia
Albertson of 3122' Twenty-second street,. San
• •¦ Francisco, aged ¦ 22 years. ¦ ':
APPLE — In this city, March 28. 4P02, John C'
Apple, beloved son of Isadore Apple, and
: nephew ¦ of Jacob, ' Abraham, ; Henry, , Lena,:
Morris, Eva, Herman and Dr. B. ApDle, a
native of Peoria, III., aged 21 years 11
¦months and 10 days. ' ¦ . . • ¦ - •
, C?"The" funeral services will .be held to-
. morrow, (Sunday), at. 10 o'clock, af his late
residence, 727 Grove street. Interment .HiHa
of Eternity Cemetery, by, 11 :30 o'clock train
• from Third and Townsend streets. ~ ' ;
BLACK— In Berkeley. .March 27, 1002, Alma, 1
beloved daughter of: Charles E. and Ella R.
'Black,: aged 1- year and 6 months. ;. • *
' cyThe funeral will take place ' to-day ;
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her" late i
.residence, 25J1 Ellsworth street, Dwight
¦.-way. ¦ ' '->., .'...'¦¦. ,;¦:/¦¦ . .:• ¦ • --!
BROWN— In the City and County. Hospital,'
March 28, 1902, Sylvester Brown, a native of,
'.'¦- Ireltnd, asei 72 years., ., . .
CAMM— In Oakland. March 2S, 1002, Myrtle
• ; Abbey Camm.' beloved wife of Charles W.:
Camm, a native of California, aged 30 years
5 months and 15 days.. .: ; ¦'. .. .. '
DEAN— In Auburn, Placer County, Cal., March
• 2$, 1002, Michael," beloved husband of Annisi
•-Dean, -and father of Patrick, John and Peter
'Dean, formerly of Berkeley. Alameda County,"
' Cal., a native of Ireland, aged 60 years. :: i
lC7"Frien(JE and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the iuneral ' Sunday,!
March .30, 1002, at 1 o'clock, from htaMate;
residence, corner Blake, street; and Shattuck
avenue,. Berkeley, .'thence, to St. - Joseph's,
• .'Church,: where' services- will be- celebrated,'
commencing at "Si "o'clock. Interment > St.-
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. ''¦*.-' '-¦¦¦. • , '.
F1TZQIBBON— In this city, March 28, . 1902, :
f Maurice M... beloved husband .' '.of Eliza Fitz-
gibbon, and father of Drs. G. J., F. T. and.
J.' G. Fltzgibbon and Mrs. J. E. Howe, a na-;
tive of Limerick, Ireland, aged 70 . years 10
, months and 0 days. (Sacramento, Cal.', pa-[
pers please copy.) , ~ ¦¦ . i t
, CJTTh^ funeral .will take place, to-morrow.
(Sunday),' at 10 o'clock, from his late rest-'
: .'Oence, 070 .Valencia street. .- ; Interment pri-'.
"vate In Holy' Cross Cemetery." .
GERBERDING---In Goleta, Cal., March 20,
1002,. Albert, , beloved husband of -Elizabeth
Sears' Gerberding, and son of. Mrs. C. 0. Ger-
berding, . a native of San Francisco, aged 00
years and. 2. months. . . ,
ETThe .- funeral services will be held to-
day (Saturday), at -"2 o'clock, at Trinity
..' Episcopal • Church, corner t Bush . and Gough
¦streets. 1 ' Interment private. ¦ •.''¦¦'
HAAKE— In this city, March 28, 1002, Henry,
J ¦ beloved i son of - Christine ' and the ¦ late • John.
' C> Haake, nnd 1 - brother of Mrs," C. J. Byx-
bee, ,Mrs. F. .'J.; Comfort,'- Mrs'. .A. Lyons.
Mis. C. D. Chase and Lillian. Delia, Clara,
¦ ~ Fred- and' Chsfles -HsHlkeif- a-'nati vt ¦ of "San
Francisco, ' aged . 3S * ye,i is • 1- month » and * 20
¦ days. ' A'" member of Journeymen . Plumbers'
and Gaefltters'. Association. *'.*.<
C7Servlce8 will, be held to-morrow (Sun-
day), at 2:30 o'clock, at the parlors of II. K.
Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, between
• Seventh and Eighth. Interment private at
• Mount . Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car 1 from Eighth and Harrison streets. ,
HAY— In this city.' March 28, 19'02,"Marv C.
beloved mother of John, .Henry and Robert
F. Hay and Mrs. John Coulson, a native of
County Down, Ireland; aged S3 -years.
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her son-in-law, Mr.*- John Coulson, 197
Valencia street, thence "• to St. Joseph's
Church for services.-- Interment Holy.Cros3
• Cemetery. • : • ' ' ; • • -
HERMAN — Entered Into rest, • in : this city.
March 28/ 1002, Marie Ai Herman,' dearly be-
- loved, wife 'of Rudolph Herman, and dearly
beloved mother of Mrs. Oscar T. Weber and
'Albert R. and Olga F. • Herman: *¦• . '¦¦• ' ¦
(C7'The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, .at her late
¦ residence, 2110 Jefferson street. Harbor View.
Funeral and interment private. Ple*se omit
flowers.' .
HOSSACK— In this city, March 26, 1902, Lou-
lso'Hossack, relict' of ; the late Charles D.
Hossack,' and beloved mother of Mrs. A; J.
• Maitland, Mrs. 'C. Flnlayson." Mrs. Charles
H. Ma ass" and HuEh' Hossack, a native of
"' Edinburgh, Scotland, aged 71 years 1 month
and 27 days. ... .".
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F.- Maass, 017 Mission street.
Interment CypresG Lawn Cemetery; • via elec-
tric ¦ car from' ¦ Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets. . ". ,-'_ ' . . - . . -
HUDSON— In Alameda, March" 28. 1902, Susan
Hudson, beloved wife of Robert Hudson, a
native of Pennsylvania,; aged 62 years. .
MANUEL— In this city, March 28, 1002, Am-
. brose Manuel, a native of. England, agedtiS
. years.- ' " ' . ,-.-.. • ,'•.-.¦
TRIUMPH Lodee "No.i^lSO, A.' :- O. - - U. : W.—
¦ Officers and members rv,: You are notified to
meet at your hall to r attend - the funeral of
..our late brother, Ambrose Manuel Sunday
March 30, at 1 o'clock. - . . -. . .
WILLIAM P. MURPHY, M W
. J. . H. . CATTRAN, Recorder. ,'
MASON— In -this city, ."March "26, 1902, Fred-
> erlck Albert • Mason, • beloved ¦ husband ¦ of
Elizabeth 'Mason,- a' native of Massachusetts
aged r>0 years 5 months and '25 days.-
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are resnec*-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday
March 30, at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, ;. corner of Post and Montgomery
streets,, under the ; auspices of California
; Lodge No. .- 1, F. and ; A. M. Interment
•'•Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
- train .from Third and Townsend streets
MOLLISON— In -this city, March 25 ' 190°
at his residence, 112 Olive avenue, James j"
Mollison; brother of • the late William- and •
John C. Mlllison, and brother-in-law of Mrs
¦ H. S. Mollison, a native of England, atred 4G
' yearn • and 25 days. -¦
•(CTFrlenda and- acquaintances and mem-
bers of .Hesperian Grove No. 15. Hartnairpl
Chapter and Golden Gate Arch, u, A. O.D.';
HENRY J. CALLAGHERCo!
lEucceasor to ?lannagan & Gallac&er > ¦ ¦"•'
lfih*t 15ANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mar
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMJBa'lmERS.
'• ..M Fifth ist..'.oppotlte Lincoln School
.-; Telephone • South - 80. •-. ••¦•
Mt. Olivet Cemetiery,
. NEAREST TnE CITY.' ' •
Office, 916 JViarket Street.
Telephono .; Bush * 367.' -'-¦• ; - •¦- '
f JAMBS McGINN,
¦ Formerly with ¦ McGinn Bros:, has opened
new Funeral Parlont 'at 214 " Eddy at. be*
Taylor and Jones. ¦.- Telephone South B7«. ¦"*,
f NEW.;. FIRM 4 OF UNDERTAKERS
¦'-¦'¦ Eamuel ¦ McFadd t n. : 18 ' years . mana nr for •
".the United Undertaken' As»ociatlon* M J ;
; McBrearty. With the came company for IS "•¦
• tears; P.- F.» Green,. late with J, (J. O'Con-"
nor & Co., have opened: new Funeral Par-
lor* at 1171 Mission street, between bevenUi
', and '. EUchth. -, Telephone South 44. . ¦ ¦ ,. • • ¦ ¦ T- '
- •-. REEV9UVED2 """
FUNERAL UIRECTOHa , and > KMBALM.
hKRS.-r.to 224 and 220 McAllister st v^por-
' merly of «l'_E«ldy st. ¦ Tel." Bouth H32.V
NOTICE TO THE PUBUC.^
, ; On and ; after April 1 1, 1002. the rate of fare
to - all 1 cenjeteries by,' carria B e : in San Mateo
County* will .be ; six: > dollars '($0) per carrlaee
To ' funeral .train ¦ or: electric, cars.M four dollars
(£4)..U-ReturntrlDs.' two 'dollars- ($2) . ¦ ¦ 7
-Signed: - M.-, W. COFFEY, President 'Hack-
men's, Union. ,- - ¦ ¦ =;;;,''--,-
...,;W. • BRIDGES, < President s Carriage Owners'
&&<2 Stablemen's Association,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
j^ Steamers ' leave Broadway
f&lhk-^ Wharf, San Francisco:
iGkjmK. " for Ketchlkan, Juneau.
li|P*»%^. Skagway. etc., Alaska — 11
S3Te^?Sv??% a - m -> March 27. April 1.
' i5\Sr3\MW Change to company's steam-
1 B?535rSU'>«j er3 »' Seattle.
: f^^SQSra&S&t For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
*** 31 «bj coma, Everett, New "What-
com— 11 a. nC March 27. April 1. Change at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. By-: at Seattle or Tacoma'to M. P.
Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m..
March 28. April 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Sant*
Barbara, Port -Lcs Angelas and Redondo
(Los Ansel es) — Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m. ;
State of California. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at - Santa Cruz.
Monterey. San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Ventura.
Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport ('Bonlta only). •
Bonita. 9 a. m., March 31. April 8.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. March 27, April 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-\,
lia and Guaymaa (Alex.) — 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.'
' Right Is reserved to change steamers ' or
sailing dates.
TICKET OTTjTCE — 4 New . Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
• 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
LAST EXCURSION TRIP!
SPECIAL. RATES
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A DELIGHTFUL VOYAGE. ;
Onlg $60. Including meals and berth, for tha
round trip, on board the Pacific Coast Steam-
ship Co.'s steamer CURACAO, leaving SAM
FRANCISCO APRIL 7th. due back April 27th.
calling* at ENSENADA; MAGDALENA BAT.
SAN JOSE DEL CABO. MAZATLAN. AL-
TATA. LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA and
GUAYMAS. Mexico.
For $20 additional excursionists can return
from Quaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars Inquire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel), or 10 Mar*
ket street, San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR i
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE t
VALENCIA JUNE T
And . fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 20 and May 31, re-
spectively, .connect with above steamers. Tha
new and elegant steamships Senator, and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without loss.
ml«hap or delay. ¦ For passenger rates and
Nome folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New Mont-
gomery street (Palace Hotel). ¦ - ';
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen!. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O.R. < SiV.CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail; at
¦ .XiOVrSST JR^/VXVJESJS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails April 3. 13. 23
,-. S3. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
• Mar. ,29. April 8. 13. 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear nt., 11 a. ra.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Ulogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sallinz.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
1 ......:.... •• . .Tuesday. April 15th, 1903
68. NIPPON MARU..... Friday. May Oth. 1303
S3. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday. June 4th. 1902
' Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage appty at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ ¦ - W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
;--¦•¦:¦
J$amburg~<ftmertcan.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH-i-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
•A. Victoria April 10IF. Bismarck May I
Deutschland . .April 17iColumbta .... ..May S
! TWIN-SCREW PASSE^GE"? SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
.Patricia April 5* Pennsylvania .April 22
Waldersee '. . . .April 12 1 Pretoria ..... .April 29
Hamhurft-American Line. 37 BVay, K. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Paclfla
Coast; 401 California St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. tiler 10, 12 m. «•¦¦?'-_• •¦ ¦."¦
COLOMBIA ..April S!GUATEMALA..Apr. —
TUCAPEL ...April 19IPALENA May —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. (No
change at Aoapulco or Panama). Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street.
, BALFOUR. GUTHRIK & CO.. .Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R,^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA ' DIRECT.
, Cabin. $103; Steerage. %WT llaa'.s Free.
S. S. Leclanaw Sails Friday. Mar. 23
S. S. Argyll Sails Friday, May 2
Se ' '—'¦ • , ; -
. 3. — — .... — -— .. .
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st,
. P. F v CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent. ;
9£caaics,sxe,iHg"
SS.. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. .....;.......
Saturday. March 29. 10 a. m.
S3. ALAMEDA. for .Honolulu .....;.-
Saturday. March 23. 2 p.m.
SS. SIERRA; for Honolulu. Samoa. Atick- .
land and Sydney.. Thur?.. AprillO. 10 a. m.
J. D. SHEKELS k BEOS.GO., GeEral Aits.', 329 Market
Gea'IPass. oik, 643 HarKet si, Pis No. 7. Pacific sl
COXFASHIE Q2HEB&&3 T2A551TL&3TIQXTE.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <©v|£|»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. liir™ 1 "**
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward: Second
class to Havre $45- and 'upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNHED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).' - New
York. J, F.. FUGAZI & CO., . Pacific. Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad . Ticket Agents,
AMEIt-XCAIW XjJLJUt £2.
NEW XOR K — SOUTHAMPTON — LONDON.
St. Louis. Apr. 0.10 amlSt. Paul.. Apr.23.10 am
Phlladel . Apr.16,10 am'St. Louis. Apr.30,10 am
nmD stab, xjxxvjss.
NETV YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Southwark. Apr. ft.noon; Vaderland.Apr. 115, noon
Pennland.Apr. lt.3 pml
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
Chas. .P. tTaylor. O. A. P. C. SO Montgomery.
BA^^Aira^BiyEB STEAJffEES.
fETT1[A^yaS^^
-Steimers GES. FHISBIE o? MOHTICSLLO
0:45 a. in.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day.- Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. S:30 p. m. '. Leaves
Valleio 7 a. m.. 12t30noon, « p. m.. except
Sumlay. Sunday, 7 a. m.\ -t:15 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main - 1SGS. Landing : and
of flee.- pier ! 2. Mission-street dock.' HATCH
BROS. ;
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
AUCTION SALES
£* v • £* £a\
JUST ARRIVED, carload of the FEMEST
WORK. CARRIAGE and DRIVING HORSE9
ever brought to this market, -weights from
1130 to 1500 all sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-723 Howard street.
OCEAN' TRAVEL.Burglars Roti . Cigar Store.
A cigar store at 104 Montgomery avenue," 1
owned .by . Mrs.\ Emma Meyer, was en
tered by burglars at an early hour, yester
day morning. They effected i an entrance
by breaking "through a window In the
front ' of t the " store and secured about " J40
worth of:gooda. r
" 'Cityi "Attorney i Lane' advised
against continuing" the appeal In^the^mat
ter •' of i the -condemnation * proceedings ;for,
the I acquisition i. of ' land « for. x St. ¦ : Mary's
Square,- for, ; which adjudgment in eminent
domain -was obtained by Joseph iW." Gold
stein and others. " Should- the < appeal; be
dismissed, ,, Lane says : the ? city would | still
have the option of .either paying, the judg
ment ". or deciding , not i to \ purchase : at the
figure designated by - the • court's : decree
($125,000) land. 1 ; dismissing, the {proceedings.
Advises Against "Appeal.
Business men, can 'be ; properly served
with lunch'.at the Cafe. Zlnkand.' •
A middle-aged ! woman, ,; who first ' gave
the name of Mrs. Mary iHav'elock but aft
erward "said, she was Mrs. Mary Staples,
was : found -wandering about | Golden Gate
Park yesterday by Policeman j Norton. J As
she , appeared' to be mentally, unbalanced
Norton • had her taken ] to the -Emergency
Hospital. 'where! she still remains. :The
physicians -believe that she- is Insane and
will i have her^ examined ,by ; the < Commis
sioners of rlnsanlty.. -She is unable to tell
where her; friends: live. , •
round ;Wandering in the Park.
¦: Beklna .Van and .- Storage Co", will ship your
goods'at'reduced rates.^630 Market street. • •
y The unfortunate maa was alone at .the
time i of ; the accident.' and there is no
positive "| knowledge as to the manner in
which he .came to his death. The elevator
is operated -by means of electricity, and
there are two theories as to the cause
of .the > accident, one that the elevator
may have, been out of order and "that
.-Watts-: may havebeen knocked down by
an electric shock, 'or r that he became
dizzyror faint and fell to the floor of
the cage." The body was so tightly wedged
between the. cage and the floor that it
was necessary to employ a gang of work
• men to release- it. After •¦ the body/ had
¦been- removed and the' elevator started
for -. the ; fifth ' floor the ' electrician In
charge received a shock of 210. volts when
: he placed his hand on a, portion of ; the
metal work about. the lever. ..
, Watts resided with his -wife at 103
O'Farrell. street. An Inquest will be held.'
Electrician C. D. Griffiths of the Depart
ment of Electricity examined the elevator
and Informed Deputy Coroner. Brown that
it - was .ii nil v ''jWkW^liy^uAimmmximiJti
" Daniel "Watts, Janitor of the building at
602 California street, was instantly killed
yesterday, morning by being crushed in
the" elevator. The dead body was found
shortly after 8 o'clock tightly wedged
between the fourth and • fifth floors. In
the cage- were the "buckets, "brooms and
cloths 'used ; by t Watts *in , his cleaning
Work. ;..¦¦' ( -
JANITOR ; WATTS IS KILLED
; IN AN ELECTRIC ELBVATOB
Total .... — -...................$34,773 60
Above will Inventory at wholesale probably
-These goods-are all new.' .Also some original
packages In : first item ; have i been ¦ retailed" out
of, but fully 70 per cent of. entire stock Is di
rect .from -wholesaler and -manufacturer and
never-been unfolded or offered'.at retail. -About
250 .'of .the. book3 are unbound, -but fully ' 700
are ready for the shelves. Over half are from
the . Century Compapy. .. the others ; f rom a" Chi
cago ' publishing house,'- and consist ".of I novels."
war books;, illustrated, and others profusely Il
lustrated. (No advertising or, religious works )
All cash sellers. 'Some few, were- inventoried
at- wholesale prices. '.The above goods contain
ISO boxes. .;¦';•:,.: '¦; "" '":/-. ,-¦_¦¦..
\ Maxon Unknown in Los .Angeles. .
Q The claim' made by ; Maxorf; thaf he: was
in business in lxis - Angeles and', the state-'
ment ' of T. , J. .May that , he;, knew , Maxon
and his brother as residents of. thel south
ern ; city were proven to ; be ) false , by i the
receipt of 'the: follbwirig:telegram yester
day. afternoon in ; answer : , to Inquiries : ; --} •
' !'No~ man "of • the ¦ name ¦ of Maxon is do
ing, business in Los Angelesnor any ; firm"
named the; Maxon' Realty^ Company." >,i>
f Although T. J. ; May first claimed- that
he did not. know of Maxon trading or sell-'
Ing 4 any '/whisky he^ finally
admitted .;that he ¦?.,•: knew I of a 1 "few." in
stances", where this had" been. done. V
,W. :C. Hamilton, 'the ', piano- dealer, in
whose offlce May, occupies* deskroom," told
of his "dealings,; with f Maxon; and May in
regard to a proposed trade of two. valuable
•pianos- for^ "whisky, certificates." "-. . _
. ."May. , introduced * Maxon to me,",' said
Hamilton; "and Maxon showed 'me some
of .• the ;whisky, certificates." He : wanted
to ¦ exchange . some of - thet certificates ? for
two . of , 1 my ! pianos.' HThen George j Maxon
carne • on *-< the v - scene ' and *, he s assured j me
\ thatv everything vwas all, right fas? repre
sented on the i certificates, r I wrote i a let
ter to i Chicago 1 to , the * United ; States -Dis
tillers Dlstributlns Company/ at 737 North
• Youngj Husband for. Consider- „
r ation; of ? 10,000: >_'
JosepH P.. Junk's*. father,^; who'^is rated
as one of the richest brewers ' in \ Chicago,
has settled -the ; sum 1 of $10,000 ¦ upon his
daughter-in-law, a former San Francisco
actress, in consideration of her agreeing to
relinquish Y all - cl aims ~ on , his son. : Some
time, ago .young ; Junk, while on a .visit
here,^married Miss: Lottie Devereaux;and
when he returned to Chicago with his act
ress f bride his : wealthy i parent' vented | his
anger by separating th«f couple at once.
I Mrs. I Junk returned 1 to this J city; and- soon
received notice from Chicago that divorce
papers ;,w ere being prepared, i- She consult
ed ¦ an attorney^ and yesterday, the , settle
ment was made. The young, man' may now
get his divorce without opposition. ¦-¦'
Local Actress" Gives -Up /Wealthy
TAYS ' A 'LARGE SUM..
: .. T0 BREAK f THE - BOND
. the spirit for that sum would be really
"giving it away."
Maxon Drops Out of Sight.
•Maxon, who* for the last .few days has
lived at a downtown. restaurant, packed
up nis belongings yesterday and'disap
peared from his quarters. - > ¦¦ ¦
There is every indication .that Maxon
is one of a gang of sharpers engaged in
the work of fleecing the unwary. .T. J.
"May, who says he is a. real estate dealer
and agent for "Eastern novelties." with
desk room In the piano salesrooms of"W.
C. Hamilton, room 8, Flood building, told
a number of conflicting stories yesterday
as' to his business , connections with
Maxon. - . . .
':• May is the man who introduced Maxon
to R. H.-. Duncan, -the real estate dealer,
who in turn introduced Maxon to Jeffer
son G. James. May claims that he has
only known <"*".¦ C- Maxon for one' month,
• but that he has known Maxon's brother,
George, for 'the Ias$ ten years. May
stated that the Maxons were in business
in Los Angeles and were partners in the
"Maxon Realty Company." • (
T. J. May Contradicts Himself.
• May admitted that / he : was to- ; get a
commission from Maxon if. the latter suc
ceeded'lrr trading, his "valuable merchan
dise" for Jefferson O.'" James' broad acres.
"Do you know what the packing cases
contained?" was asked of May. "No, I
do not," he replied. "I only heard from
Maxon what they contained. He told, me
that the "merchandise" belonged to Hol
liday of Los Angeles, who wanted Maxon
to dispose of the property." -
"Do you. know qf Maxon . selling or
trading any certificates for •whisky stored
In Chicago V , May was asked.
. "No, I do not. I believe he gave James
a certificate for ninety barrels," replied
William Young, the v young married man
who i stole j a bicycle, in Golden . Gate Park
Wednesday, afternoon because he and his
wife were starving," has fallen Into the
hands of. friends. Yesterday morning At
torney Frank Kelly of the Southern Pa
cific. Company called at the .City Prison
and saw Young' and : his wife, Mrs. Young
having procured shelter for. the night
tnere. < Kelly, said . he had been commis
sioned by some charitably .disposed people
to find-out if the, young "couple , was Re
serving of assistance and; they would de
fray, any expenses toward, supporting
them., till, a position was obtained for the
husband.' ' ' . 1 " '•.
Lawrence * 1 Smith, 130S Hayes street,
owner of .<the< stolen wheel, was at the
Hall of Justice ready to- swear to a com
plaint against Young, but after Kelly had
a talk with-him'he was willing to take no
action ' against him, if the police advised
him that; war. > . * \, .,
Kelly, accompanied by Young and his
wife and Smith, waited upon Captain Sey
mour.'and Kelly explained the position of
affairs and asked that. Young be given, a
chance to 1 show, his manhood. Smith said
that he had no desire to prosecute Young,
and I as j he ; had not been :, booked for the
offense -the captain allowed him to go
with' a' friendly admonition to keep him
self out of trouble in- the future.
Youngand his": wife were, then taken, by
Kelly to his office and arrangements. were
made to provide them- with :a home, and
every effort will be made to procure a sit
uation '- for the; husband:' so- that 'he can
properly support his wife- till she is out of
her trouble.. She is'only 18 years of age
and- he is 22. • It is expected.that Young's
parents,* who' were bitterly opposed to the
marriage, will now bestow the parental
blessing upon the young, couple. ..:.
Detectives Crockett and Coleman went
with Karns to 35 South Park with the
warrants and Davis and Mrs. Karns were
there. As soon as Karns saw his wife he
burst into tears and told- Davis that he
alone " was to • blame -for the trouble. He
and Davis stepped into a room anu had a
short conversation, after which l Karns
told the officers he did not want the war
rants served, but the couple were taken
to the City Prison and booked. Both Da
vis and the woman declined to make any
statement. •¦--•'.
Karns continued his search and notified
all the branches of the order of trainmen
that Davis was personating him and ask
ed ; that he be . advised if Davis should
make his appearance seeking for employ
ment.", Karns'was notified some days ago
that a man representing himself as Karns
had called at the office of the local branch
here and was living at 35 South Park. - He
at once started for this city -and -arrived
Thursday night. '
H. B. Karns, after searching for his
wife and the man she eloped with ; for
eighteen months, located them at 35 South
Park Thursday night, soon after he had
arrived 'her from Solomon. Kans. He se
cured a warrant' yesterday from Judg9
Cabanlss for the arrest of his wife, Mrs.
Minnie Karns, and Arthur T. Davis.
Karns is a. member of the Brotherhood
of Railway Trainmen* and ." lived , with his
wife at Solomon, Kans. They had been
married about : nine years, when,. in Sep
tember.- 1000, she deserted him. ¦ A- few
days before this occurred Arthur T. Da
vis, who lived in a town- a few miles from
Solomon, deserted his wife and five young
children, and Karns, owing to the friend
ship that existed between his - wife and
Davis, suspected that -she had gone to
join him.
He made diligent inquiry and located
them at the Needles. Cal, where they
were living "as husband and wife.
Mrs. Karns had • taken away, with
her ,* Karns'.' policy of life insur
ance ' and ¦ other " papers, among them
his certificate as a member of the
brotherhood, and Davis had been passing
himself oft as Karns, thereby securing
employment. as a. trainman. Karns wired
to have them arrested and it was done,
but Davis showed the certificate belong
ing to Karns and asserted that he was
Karns. defying the authorities to prove
the contrary. Karns hurried to the
Needles,' but to his chagrin discovered
that the couple had been released and had
fled. .,..-,
These two men claimed that the prop
erty belonged to them." said one. of. the
partners of Herlnghi & Co.. '"and they
wanted to give it to an ;expressman for
the trouble of hauling it away. They said
that they had repaid James for all his
expensed, but I knew otherwise and" re
fused to let them; have the pile of old
stuff. It will be of value-: as evidence
If Maxon and his confederates are prose
cuted. I have one of the 'whisky certifi
cates - that Maxon was disposing of. I
loaned Duncan, the real estate agent, $2
Jefferson G-aWmes is anxious
to institute criminal proceedings 1 against
Alaxon and his confederates; the million
aire s attorney is not willing that such
steps be. taken at .present. -James is out
about $70 for storage i charges in Los An
geles and freight paid on the junk that
Maxon claimed. was valuable merchandise.
He secured the return of his deeds to
his lands, which he had -traded to l Maxon
and -for the present is willing- to' abide
by his attorney's advice and not begin ¦
criminal proceedings. ¦-'¦-
The inventorj* given by Maxon to James
for the merchandise stored in Los An
geles' was" as follows : . . , ¦ ¦-•*¦'.
Drugs, druggists' sunrlries and patent ' '. •
'medicines ....."¦. r.. ....;:'...¦*..¦..'..-. $4000 00
180 bottles sewing njtchlne oil (Nye's* ' .¦¦> ..
best) .....;....... .... . .';'.'.- , . .'. .", . , ¦ - 30 Oo'
780 bottles, wild ' cherry phosphate* ~
. < Burnham' e) ...?;. ;....,-.'.. 108 oo
1152 Coltrin's patent spool, hojder? :". ' 57 60
12 embroidery machines, i'each -with ' '¦;'.¦
book of designs and stock- of silk... 6S 00
3 ca^es of hardware, some very • fine - . ; ; v s
goods - .....'.;.,.. . . ';' 182 00
Dry goods,-: notions,'; pl»ce- goods, Mm-''
-' perial Company's manufacture, etc.. 24,170 00
Cloaks, capes. Jackets, etc. . . . : . . .... i * 500 00
38,000 art works and lithographs, fine .
subjects,; 5 colors/ good- sellers. .:. 1,925 00
1000 books, or over, 60 td •' 1320 -pages ' : ',.
¦ each, .mostly Illustrated."".. ."/..'....• , : 700 00
Jewelry, . ornaments, fancy boxes., etc. 3,032 00
Tried to Secure the Junk.
May, "but that is all I know of any
whisky transactions." • -
- May claimed- that, he accidentally met
Maxon - yesterday morning, but was not
able to 1 say where, he could be found.
. I met* him. -going -into' an office build
ing,' 1 continued May, %Vand spoke : to him
for a' few minutes." -I .
May's ' story. -of- meet jng Maxon acci
dentally was not borne out, - however,' by
a visit made to the auction-rooms of E.
Heringhi & Co., at 211 Pine. street,. :
\. was 'earned at the firm's store that
Maxon and May. had called there at noon
and were most anxious to remove, the
junk which Jefferson G. James had or
dered there from -Los Angeles in exchange
for his land. . ,y; .-
storage..; The signature of "J. H. Dalton"
appears as president of the company and
ten documentary two-cent war ; tax!
stamps are affixed on the bottom of the
paper. A glaring red. seal, with the im
pression "United States Distillers Dis
tributing Company" * is on the left hand
lower corner.
A search of the Chicago Directory, of
t he latest issue, fails to show the name
<jf the "United States Distillers Dis
tributing Company" or of any person by
the name of VJ. H. Dalton" as being con
•nected with a distilling company.
Although the "certificate", is printed in
the style of '"bank note" ensrraving. the
name of the lithographer Is not upon it.
As the revenue tax on whisky is 51 10
per gallon, any person who claims to sell
check, postal or express order. The.docu
ment states that all taxes are paid on "the
liquor and that there are no charges for
tt INVESTIGATIONS made yesterday as ,
j I to the transactions of C. C. Maxon. ;
I the bejeweled young man •who:suc-;|
XL ceeded In inducing Jefferson Gl ' |
James, the millionaire, to trade " 700
acres of valuable land for a few packing
cases filled with worthless "Junk, as pub
. lished exclusively in The Call,, show that.
Maxon has also tried ~ to dispose , of ' a*
number of certificates for stocks of"
•whisky, ' purporting to be issued- by. the
••United States Distillers i Distributing
Company of Chicago. \ 111.." . JThe_ certifi
cates are handsomely engraved and pur
port to contract with the Vbearer'Mo fur-
nish "Queen City Club* Rye"., in barrel
quantities' at the rate of $1 10 per gallon,,
if the certificate is returned with -cash*.
Charitable People Take
1 an' Interest in the
Unfortunates.
FAC-SIMILE OF CERTIFICATES FOR STOCK OF WHISKY WHICH HAVE BEEN SOLD AND EXCHANGED IN
THIS CITY BY C. C. MAXON. WHO ALSO INDUCED WEALTHY MAN TO DEED HIM VALUABLE' REAL
ESTATE FOR PILE OF WORTHLESS JUNK.
Aifter Eighteen Months'
Searcli H. B. Karns
Finds Wif©.
YOUNG RECEIVES
TIMELY SUPPORT
POLICE ARREST
KANSAS ELOPERS
iWhen they broke into the room they
found that the • young woman had taken
off the gas tip and turned on the gas. ; '
: .Those who know the young' woman. say
that her resides in the Mission
and' that she is masquerading under the
name of Darrell. -.-¦¦. ;
fclark street, and asked if they would give
full. measure. -: I .'. prepaid an 'answer by
wire: '-The "answer • came saying they
would' give -full measure. I gave the tel
egram 5 to May and he gave; it to one of
the -.. Mazons. -'.: I did not carry the deal
through, as a friend of mine, .-.'who' had
agreed to take the whisky off my hands,
declined- to do. so." ' : ¦'.r •.
May said; .that- he knew of other in
stances where Maxon had tried, to trade
oft his certificates, but "thought the deals
had fallen through." i . .
.R.H: Duncan, the real estate dealor, !
stated- last evening ;that C.C. Maxon had
sold' a number, of "whisky certificates"
to Delos Pratt, of Fruitvale, and that K.
O. Bremer. who came from Los Angeles
and made his headquarters 'at the desk of
T. ¦ J: May, had exchanged some of , the
documents for real estate at Sutter Creek,
owned by W..C. Smith of San Francisco.
Duncan further said that Maxon had
offered the whisky. certificates- for 30 cents
a barrel*-, ta -many .persons,' but he could
not remember the names of the parties.
1 ; A r dispatch from Los Angeles received
last night stated that W.H. Holliday,,
cashier of the Merchants' National Bank,
knows nothing whatever of Maxon. .Hol
liday. stated that he 'never .heard of
Maxon and" had never had any dealings
with any one as-to the transfer of valu
able ' merchandise. , >; ' . . ;
- The : Da vies I Storage i Company of Los
Angeles,? with whom- Maxon had the old
junk stored before it was shipped here to
Jefferson G. "James, v said last night that
the boxes ' had been in "their warehouse
for more- than >a year.' The man -who
originally stored the goods gave the name
of Henderson * and the worthless junk
changed hands a number of times, the
last receipt being made out in the name
of Holliday. ¦ - .
• At an early hour this morning a dis
patch from, Chicago, in answer to an in
quiry as to • the iTJnlted ¦ States , Distillers
Distributing Company of that city, gave
the following information: - -. , ¦
"Name not in directory, firm unknown."
¦-.* She made the third attempt," in ; a lodg
ing-house at 223 ' Post street, : and but for
the prompt ' action ; of Policemen v Rivers
and Connor, she might have succeeded. in
ending her life. They broke into her, room
and f found her lying on the bed i with the
¦gas -'turned' on -full. ¦ - r ! .'r ¦ '
Two women friends arrived shortly after
she was discovered, and as they- promised
they- would remain with her that night
and see that she did-not again try to Kill
herself .the officers allowed them \ to ; take
her in .charge.. .< ,. , ¦-'¦ ' ' ,.. , .
i; Miss Darrell was around town Thursday
evening with two = women f rlends.7 . When
she was. leaving them she said that she
was going home. Fearing that j she in
tended to carry- out her threats .to kill
herself,: they a young man. to
watch her. -He followed her to .the Post
street : house r and / remained . outside.- the
door until he detected the odor., of escap
ing gas.* He then ran out into the street
and notified Policemen Rivers and Connor.
¦ ¦ ¦ . -,^ . ' - - : -'
;-r Jean Darrell,/ the lovesick - young
wonian -who ': made' two ' attempts - to ; end
her life at 239 Post' street Tuesday night
because her consort, who is said to be
'the' son: of a wealthy San Francisco vae,T
chant, jilted J her, again tried to commit
suicide .last Thursday night. '
'^ffM
Save/Her.
Police Officers Break ; ¦ Into
.: Her Roorain Time to
Misguided 7 Jean Darrell
tiiakes Third; Attempt
at Suicide.
TURNS ON GAS
TO END LIFE
Man Who Secured Deeds to Valuable Land in Exchange for Junk Also
Represents a Mythical Distilling Company of Chicago^ While j He; Is
Unknown in Los Angeles and Is Proven a Swindler by Bahkv Cashier
C. C. MAXON IS ENGAGED IN SELLING
BOGUS CERTIFICATES FOR WHISKY
14
, ; THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 29, 1902.
. CAN • • INSOLVENT .¦>. ENGINEER.— W.Y . W.'
Hawthorn, ¦* an" engineer ". residing *; at ;. Stent,
Tuolumne - County, ... filed - a V petition in -\ insol
vency ? yesterday , in the . United . State3 District
Court; ' liabilities ' $1181; no assets. •'
The absolutely pure
Made ffom^Parc: Grape Cream of Tartar.
Royal gives -to fpod that pecu- !
liar lightness, sweetness^ and |
delicious flavor noticed in the j
finest bread, cake, biscuit,, rolls,
crusts, etc., which expert pas-
try cooks declare is unobtainv
able when any other leavening
g*% f*Y j*\ T^ 4" 4 C^ t "¦ rf"^ *-\
ROYAL BAKING >OWOER CO.,100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK, i
WOMEN'S
NOVELTIES
;.\ • ¦'_;*");• . FOR • ;-
liisiilll
All new styles, .dainty designs, button
side, front or, back, in sizes 32 to -H. : :.
QQV| For" th* ' new ALLOVER LACK
O»OW WAISTS.' made l of white India
: .. Linen, trimmed with clusters of tucks —
•' would.be good, value at $1.50.', -, . - •
<HB 1 A -Fort white: INDIA LINEN'
.<P I •IvF-"-;- WAISTS, i trimmed •-• with (3
- rows of fine erobroldtry insertion" and
; . about 30 rows of " fine tucks — price else-
. '.,'. where for similar waist $1.75. . •
'<C | OC; For our PRETTY $2 WAISTS,
.tp ItAO-made with deep yoke of tucked
". lawn, embroidery inserted; lower portion
' ;,:' pouches full; and ¦¦ is trimmed -with clus-
'¦¦¦ters of tucks; the yoke is outlined with
; one row of embroidery insertion, through
¦'-which' is run.'black velvet, ribbon; cuffs
» ¦„' and collar are daintily tucked. ;. ¦;¦-¦
<C 1 ' } " ; A EL For " MERCERIZED SILK
<P ¦•'H-O ZEPHYR 7 WAISTS, made
with' full ¦ pouch ¦ front.- which is orna-
; . mented with clusters of tucks and . rows
•" ¦ ' of '-Valenciennes; lace insertion; back,
CKCilSa and collar are tucked to correspond,
I, Regular. pries $2.25. .. "
' <C \ T BZ. ' For $?-50 O R G A N D Y
*!>¦• C O , W A I S T S . These pretty
waists', are: "made; of. best , quality or-
v' gandy, fine ' and sheer, clusters of '¦ tucks ,
• ., alternating with rows. of exquisitely fine
Valenciennes .insertion;, collars and -cuffs
- -. of ¦ allover " tucking " and ".finished ¦ with
, rows of hemstitching make these waists
charming in design.: ¦:¦'.*" . •
C|.QC For "53. CO GIBSON WAISTS.'
These waists are charming In
*y>'' their simplicity, j" "Allover: embroidery in ;
'^jpautlful designs form the front ; portions,
'¦¦¦ which y are tucked In clusters. 'below
; '-'which the embroidery falls soft. and full;
•'back and sleeves are 'tucked, as. are. the
'.cuffs, and- collar.'iwhlch.iSi finished : with
- narrow. turnovers of > fine embroidery. -.'
CO v£=r,ForV$4.00 FANCY BATISTE •
€j>^.*7*O W A 1ST SV These / : elegant
¦"...waists are simple and attractive, In de-
-.' sign,, the >'.. principal-' , feature, heingr," the
.,.:•> material,:, which v is . one .of 1 the- season's
,:;' attractive' novelties; • come '.in all sizes
" , • and , new shades ¦ of. . pink, blue and "' green
., stripes combined' with' white. "¦.¦. ¦
CO QS For; $5 WAISTS.:
«P*«Otl Pronounced by the mostCMtl-
•!':;; cal j Dainty! * Chic'. Pretty! Made with'
.: ¦ square yoke . of., tucked organay ; and " fine
m Valenciennes* lace; :full | ruffle of. organdy.
• ',' Inserted • and 'trimmed , with -Valenciennes
;•;.-! lace ; : outlines ¦'; the -yoke; lower ¦¦¦• waist
-¦- portion • gathered : soft ¦ and :full,'- cuffs ".and
;'_, collar trimmed .with lace and hemstitch-^
(ME SILK WAIST SPECIAL
CJ HT i *•? f!~'* For ' ¦ regular' -' $7.50 '-'. quality
«P»i»e 1 O LIJCINE or PEAU DE SOIE
p ', WAISTS. 'Newest' Shades! r Elegant De-
¦. ''. signs'. ~' p . : ' '¦¦'¦¦.•.¦¦ :.¦•¦¦: -. ¦¦¦ .. '.-.r i :¦
A GOOD HOSIERY;SPECIAL!
1| Q r * --Fcr /..WOMEN'S' ' SILK '"LISLE
»Ov FINISH EXTRA LONG HERMS-
: -DORFP. HOSE, all sizes. - Regular; 25c :
P^S^RSETC!»0l
¦Sit' : P*f\ iTo-day for regular J2.50COR-
; fj> 1 «O \J ¦¦•> SETS, made , of f best : quality
.* •;,- Italian- cloth.'. r straight ifront, • goredV hip.
:'..-2, side ¦ steels ; r : one -of -the newest;, most
f:;favcred,l most durable and best suited to
','- all figures. 4 •'...-. "¦ ¦ ¦¦•¦,:"- ; i ¦ . -¦
SPECIAL MENTION!
:: Exquisite' Designs fin" '^CONFIRMATION
»DRESSES. I-.:.'-. : ¦'. .'.:¦? -.-" ,, - ¦¦•¦¦- ' '
: . OUR HA.T.4 AND TBONNET;" DEPART-"
, MENT.. is ¦ replete with ; the Season's . Styles
: for^ the. Little 'Folks. .'.<-". w :••.. ;•..". s.-;m ¦ • •
Our always POPULAR PRICES PREVAIL.
". ¦;'.- i Between Taylor; and^ Jones. fj./Jv'i
OPEN- TO-NIGHT, .UNTIL' .11 • O'CLOCK. >
Special Bargains Saturday, Monday and Tuesday
6ranu!ats'd Best Ca r e Soiar, 24 lbs. $1.00
Extra, dry. Market will advance.
EASTcRN SUcAR CURED HAMS, lb. - . 13c
Eastern Plcnlo Hams, 10c.
. Our Hams are sugar-cored and . .
Every Ham is guaranteed." Re*; 14c,'.'
JAMS, PURITY BRAND, 3 cans--. >. . .25c
- • ¦Assortment."' 6 kinds. Rer* 12%c 'can. >
WEBB'S CREAM CORH^can-- I2!c
- -r H. ¦ F.-.Webb- Co.- Is* the finest Corn. **
- •¦ - Packed "at •Portland,- Maine. ' Rer.-15c.
CHOICE POINT BEYtSCHEAMEBViSq. 35o
"¦¦"• -3 squares, $1. 'Res. 40c. •" '-.«. •
FIMfcSl CREAMERY, Uur Tpeefal, sq. -40c
3 squares, $1 15. Re?. 60c.
BEST MISSION fc6SS, dozen ........ lUz
" Gathered " dally. Re»." 20c.
ALMOND NUTS, % lbs 25c
Soft-shelled. Rey. 15c lb.
GENEVA 6IN, ifl Stons Jok $125
Imported from John de Kuyper & Sons,
Rotterdam. Regr. $1 65. Ltmtt. one Jug.
SANTA CLARA FRhNUH FRUNfcS, b lbs.25c
Extra quality large. Reg. tOc lb.
OLD GUVEHNMENT WHISKEY, qt. bot -85c
Extra special.- Resr. $1,
HEW SMALL WHIIEBEaMS, 6- Ills... 25c
. " Reg. 5 lbs. 25c.
TABLE FRUITS, 2Mb. can. 12^
Peaches, Pears, Apricots. Reg. 20c
BAKER'S BEST COCOA, Mb. can.... 28a
* Extra special bargain. Regr. "25c.
BROMANGELON DESSERT hLLY, pkg.iOc
Res. 15c. w
Sweet Cakes, Fig Pars, Lemon, lb. . . . I2|T
Cocoanut Taffy. Ginger." Nlcnacs, 8 assort-
ments. Res. 15c and 20c.
Cognac. Jas. Hennas y's 3 Star, lmp.$f.5O
Or J. & E. Martelli. 3-star. Regr. $2.
POTATuES, Salinas Burbanks, box. .$1.60
Re?. $1 85. Limit, one box.
PET hVAPOHATEO CREAM, 3 cans ... 25c
Rez. - 10c can.
SU8AR PEASjyis Pols, 2 cans. . . . .25c
GRAPpNjjsrJ pkgs . - . :.. . . . ..... 25c
MONOlRAM t% S. WHISKEY, ga!.$250
10 years old. Reg 1 . $3 50. '
BORAX FLOATING SuAP. 6 cakes.... 25c
"White.- Re«. 5 for 25c.
MUSTOMAT, Dainty Table Sauce, bot. 25c
King of all ' sauce. Reg.* 35c.
/348-/3S4 MARKET STREET.
Opp. Seventh. . Phone S No Branch store«.
A WARRING TO THE PUBLIC!
Mr. George- Mayerle, the German Expert
Optician, has no connection with the so-called
"Mayerle Co." which has Just opened o£flC9
next. door to hts long established Optical busi-
ness.' "
" NOTICE — When wishing*
v$*»*2*®% consult MR. GEORGE Mjff" {
j££lf2&t£& ERLE look for a crown onV'
£nP*^ "TiSr everywlndow(Mayerle's trad-s
T^r *¦¦» ~Zj^' mark) and INSIST UDon see-
4 * ' ln e JIR - GKORGE MATER-
• TW *T^ LF PERSONALLY. To
avoid mistakes. lo><c for the full name.
GEORGE - MATERLE, and the CROWN on
every window: also the number —
1O71.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
drink /.
Best NATURAL AlkalincJ Water
220 BROADWAY. N.T.,
IQUICKREU£F,SUR£R£UEF
BROWN'S BronchialfroGhes
, For Doughs and Colds* I
Sijraature of <0V7»» <9/«aM^>' tax. [T "
- jM^~^fa? L " 'rr^^^^ Silk and Lisle and Novelties in Lace: ¦
- ' ** ' 11 - "T 0 *^ They are more popular this spring than ever. Silkones especially in two
This Big ¦ and three clasps. These little prices may help increase their popularity, j .
:«tt ¦'¦iij -'¦"¦'¦l^i±. -C*j. : '" : At aoc— Lisle Gloves. 2 clasps/ su- 50c-M«aneserlislfr gloves, with /Paris
Woman's Store' k^B'M^ mode -- tan> gr m a y! o whTe : an o d ne bia p cic arl clasp;
women want to-; .^nn^te'lll^^roid^ 6 !: -SSrSdlrSSe, 2^, 0^ 1 ffi
' i' , : ¦ . • ' clasp; 1 mode; gray and white. black. "' '" , ' .
—hats —waists Also Lace Gloves.' newest styles; one §1 .0(V-Elbow lensth silk lace mitts;
—neckwear -—suits — stockings of the reigning Easter novelties; gray, black.' % . .;
mode, , white, black. . ¦ 81. 25 r Silk lace; mitts; best lengths.
—bel.s}. —muslin —underclothes - . ' ~ ~" _^- ¦; ¦•. •¦«
i^&^^-m^vii^ikgiiii-^'. iiiiunut s .*?^.?.?^v
.'.ftil place ibr women: -fuller, than ."¦/--. v"-,,r^ ' «-* ' 12 '^. f-'^ 'ii'Jvxl
- rcver-with-fashion's^creatiofis' .' -: , BaSteP PePfumeS. « I fi WG 1 1^ V
; A SAFEPLACE, too, if you want to Yanky Rose and Yanky Heliotrope ** T T v* * J
-buy. 1 : Nevertoo busy.to.be careful, -75c oz— The very latest perfume, j , tt '
.nevertoo busy to see each; customer delicate and lasting. -*t/lt/Su .JlLGi 6.
'.. .satisfied, soo ! satisfied 5 customers. Cologne Water $i.OO-iHudn'ut's, Very latest things in jewelry orna-
/: means -more to .us - than 5000 slip- distilled from fragrant flo*vers and mehts. You know Fashion has smiled
'shod sales.; r.Then, you know if you aromatic herbs. Comes in • glass on them very sweetly this spring.
; do get what you don't : like when stopper bottle..- ; *One "isn't well dressed now without
you get it home, yo*u can feel per- Violette .Superba and Violet-Sec a dangling chain with heart on end
a f e C i 1^J r ?fT' t « /^ ing k back -' . ' JS51.OO— One-ounce bottle in a neat of it (50c), or a purse (soc, $1.00)
*A SAFE PLACE, in a crowd, scien- cartoon. hanging in front. Brooches and pins
. .tifically ventilated— so. ' much pure Hudnutine Florida Water 50c — An and clasps and rings are being freely
,,;air it's like -being out. doors,and excellent preparation for the toilet, worn. OF COURSE YOU WANT
flooded,; too, with sunshine. J The; comes in a f our . oun ce sprinkler- THE LATEST, and of ¦ course you
•• broad. aisles and. stairways. and :the- 'top bottle don't want to spend more than you
perfect elevator service < make it Violette Superba Face Powder have to.
comfortable even when full . of $1.0O box—A perfect beautifier Then listen:
, people. , ; of the comnipicinn made from Gold Plated Brooches 25c— Enam-
' — ; — : — — . OI l " e . complexion, maae irom eled> garnet and emerald s «»tting3, new
-¦ -fr . - ; purest rice powder, and, put up in , designs. .
fiV//~Vs '¦ " j double boxes to preserve the odor. 'Neck - Chain and Locket 7»Oc— Some
- N •- 1 V fV 1- Violet- Almond Meal '25c and' 5Oc P la Jp flnIsh - others satin finished with
' ¦ / <Ai~?\ r*-*-}*^- ¦<• - ¦.' >a ¦ 11 t • ' r ' it_ • settings of pearls.
/;t^An;ex c elIent-preparation,for"the Latest Blouse Pin Sets 5Oc-One of
¦ i&J^^v£tf&W/jSs^~\ ¦ toilet, comes in glass jars. the latest things, gold plated with
-in Ss\jagTY\ • Orchid Beauty Cream « 1 .OO bottle l ar /e blue and amethyst settings'.
/fc£" 1 J>r^wA ! $Ky*'y J s I I 1 a i- -j t j • 1 Watch Fobs 25c— Gold plated chain
A^V^^^y/^^y^je^^y 1 1 —A liquid face powder, gives to the and fob attached. Something new
/VvSo^^-i^^O^^r j&lffi&ZsA J I complexion the bloom of youth. and rretty.
fvx^^; /y&&&!M&/ Violet-Superba Tooth Powder 50c Fob Chain oOo-With gold plated
V\> / jQtiE3i&&&&/ tt j *• i-ii r 1 buckle, and bands, also chain at-
- ><_ ¦"~Z~~o /^W&8$ttWK. —Hudnut s,- highly perfumed. tached. something new.
«^53-=T^--<^^^^ Toilet Cerate 50c« jar— An excellent Silk Watch Fob 75e-Empire styTe
¦ im^l ** ?&mPX\ preparation for preserving the skin. Sef & SOld Pbted
w^ :^£el { («." : guaranteed perfectly harmless. Chain Purses 2.1<— Silver plated v. J .€h
~-'j a^ *Sp^ U,\ Roman Floral Ammonia 2oc bottle clasp catch and long^chain.
\ "^* /7l(H&%\ —For the toilet and hath a' A?- 5Oc— Silver plated.
• 'A ¦ 'i-VIfi touet . ana cam, a oe- .oo-Chatelaine purae, fancy patent
\^^^)iMyC^ lightful preparation. . . * clasp attachment.
¦W^ffiM&r~*nxi&)\ • • ' ¦ — SI .OO— Cerman silver chatelaine, orig-
' V^^K^i /V\^tl'<5 TiPQ 'naldesigr^
: • - . ¦ '•-<^J ¦•:¦ - -. 7~T;.'' ; . -X5— -^ - IT Iviil '; JL lvD - . y » ' • ¦*¦* ¦ - ' '' \ • ¦
-- ¦"WiintKsf- in <!iJJ?an nW .'tlfllluKCrCIllCTS "
Millinery. shapes 9s v I2ic ' • 9c -
• -v. s ". •¦-' •* ' ..- r> a. " Less than they are worth.
/ReadineSS Supreme. ¦ \2*\ OentS. New and perfect— next season's
-»> «, ¦/ 17* 7- 1 t\ '¦' •¦¦'.."¦' styles. All this day before Easterf
JVeW Otj/lestne Last Day. Styles you want. They re Easiest time in the year to get full
In fact, there are hardly any hats those 'pretiv graceful bows SO P r i ccs - Prettiest handkerchiefs', too,
over a week" old. And these last- • :- £¦', S XT . '¦ , - • - to make money on. • That's just why
made ones seem to' be- prettier than popular now. J\ot Stitched fast we picked on them to make trade.
S^feaJSres. They Cmb ° dy < '' many ' but adjustable. You can puff. 2^° a n n e a s n^m^Ted. £nd . cWWren =
$S.oo, '$6 : oo, $8.00 are fullest: ami them out as much as you like, 2 ,^ 1^^^ £ d £
"AW^and'dainty are these ' The choicest Styles, and COiOr-
\ery sweet ana aamiy^aretnese v . - , j ed . even many bUnd 8t itchlng9:
Tuscan HatS for Children.' -,? I1 S ! » AVC UdVC X1 f u 1U1 -^- value. 25c and 33c: some of them can't
¦ -ir ' t " : : ¦ " -j. j ¦ , '~li- i—r'ssr &3ff • ¦ oe matched under 50c.
"Very. new. too — shown yesterday.' tf§j^4tf^Wf /m/. 4*x^s» : '
OurBlcctric Hair Drier
i , T^« «ii i'i i" ii- u- -~\a u- HSu ' ~~ ¦'- In the shamDoo- room makes shamjooins a
week. - ,• They 11 likely all be sold be- JSa^^_GOQ£> GOO£>&^ . luxury. It dries your hair In a few minutes.
•fore . night. 1 $2.00, $2.50, $3.00. ~^^^* M * JI . ""^ ' by a nice warm breeze. No extra charge — BOc.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.