VOLUME XCI-NO. 178.
PRICE FIVE CE1STTS.
SAN FBANCISCO,5 -TUESDAY, sM&Y^2T^ 1902.
Warden Aguirre and his cronies have
secured quantities of horsehair and silk
for chairs and lounges and the articles
have been charged to "general repairs"
for the prison. The Call is prepared to
prove that in a certain month lumber
amounting to $975 was purchased for
the prison at San Quentin and in the
falsified books was charged to the jute-
The records of the San Quentin
prison show that considerable furniture,
made in the prison, has been shipped to
the city of Los Angeles. At the proper
time The Call will present the proof,
showing to whom the furniture was
shipped.
In charging that Governor Gage is
the beneficiary of the felonies com
mitted by Warden Asruirre and his
convict aides The Call will later on
present further proof.
Warden Aguirre has in the past few
months utilized the services .of .convicts
to make elaborate household and of
fice furniture. The material for the
same has been obtained by fraud. The
lumber has been charged up. to the
prison jutemill and other accounts:
convicts supported by the State have
been employed for months in making
the furniture, and the articles have been
presented by Warden Aguirre to his
friends or converted to his own use.
The making of furniture for the pub
lic in the State prisons by the labor of
convicts is absolutely prohibited by act
cf Legislature.
Furniture Is Made.
Having presented proof of felonious
transactions as to obtaining goods by
means of forged bills, prepared by con
vict bookkeepers, and the purloining: of
large quantities of State food supplies
by fraud and falsification of oubiic rec
ords at the instigation of Aeuirrc. The
Cail to-day exposes the methods used
by Warden Aguirre in presenting con
vict made furniture to his friends and
other acquaintances in direct violation
of law, the material for the furniture be
ing obtained by fraud and falsification
of public records.
collars for the State penitentiary
across the bay.
¦ ¦¦'. i \yiien;representatiTe« of .The Call .'
irere .Informed last "week by Acting
"Warden -ABnl rre V thnt no • fa rn ltn re
Tra'»; r beina:.;.njade; In San Qnentln
¦prl»oi\. -he.' lied." : . .1" >'%'•.'- j''££ tlXi;
'. ".'/. OriJ-t h.e^J day., t h a t ; . h e . wa n inter-
Vlevvied ".the vfolloWlng articles ; of
the'jaVticles has been charRcd to sundry
(accoitnti ,and^the V J books ¦: and" records
have been ;fai sifted by ; convict. clerks.
acting ominstructions. in order to cover
.tip -the transactions. ._¦-'...'/.,' ¦ "
V- AVarden-; Aguirre hasemployed many
convicts in riiakinp: furniture since the
; day he asstimedofiice at. San Quentin
¦ prison.;. Bedroom sets, office furniture,
dihingVroom .'articles, have .been made
; ait the prison a'nd presented by the War-
j deri; to: Kisr favorites. The material for
best known' to himself. Even if. he cred
• ited it to the prison account: lie violated
the law,, \yhich prohibits the sale of con
;vict-niade;furnittire. This bedstead, of,
;handsonic: proportions, is made of fine,
.mahogany, ¦__ and many, weeks of convict
labor were: on the delicate
carving. ;The : bedstead was seen yester-'
dayby representatives of The Call, and
a. photograph of it is published in this
paper- to-day.;' : \ ".' :"
What 'Aguirre did with the '$45
\Convicts Are Busy, v V
; Tlie visitors ordered J a' bedstead toi be
made on these terms. .Warden, Aguirre
received . $45 for. the j'wqod ¦ of . 'which the
bedstead was, made, andjthe work on^the"
piece of bedroom furniture • • was; ; per
formed bV convicts.;. . -. "/^
The visitors were delighted with the
article and Warden Aguirre was asked
where, such' products of prison rwork
Avere for sale.. .• , '¦•
. The Warden informed his. guests that
the law prohibited the sale of convict
made furniture, but he would, have a
similar, bedstead "made ;,by. the'eonvkts
if his -guests paid for the material. o ••'
' Some 'time ago^a'promineht- business
man of San- FranciscoV.accompanied'.by;
his wife, visited Warden Aguirre at'Sari'*
Quentin prison. The. : visitors were
shown through certain 'portions of., the
prison, and among other things shown
to them was an elaborately carved/ma-;
hogany bedstead. ' -'-V ¦¦;. .-]
many of his' f fiends.
'ord shows that convict-made furniture
was shipped by' Aguirre, the, Warden, to
Los Angeles and : to Sah : Francisco .-to
furniture Tvere being completed In
the prison "by convict labor: »f
¦ : For ."Warden M. G.'Asrulrre. ,..'
•jj 9 cotom for; inlaid, tablet), tops
nil finished.
•1. "roKcrroort Bed, car-red.
.; 1 Sidebonrd, carved.
' Ift Inrse Armchair*, pnrtly fin-.
Inhed. "
IS fancy Chairs, carved. »- . . ... '
.; 2 Dre^slng-Canes, carved. \
..General Overseer ' J. . A. Asrulrre,;
brother ot the "Warden, haw been
slated : for . r the • position of: Bank
Commissioner' to wucceed \ Barney
Murphy. In anticipation of ¦ecu*.
Inc thin position J. A. ARuljrre ham
¦ielected r. house In Berkeley nnd a"
complete ; wet .' of furniture .for the
dwelling;" Trns belngf ' irorked. upon
by convict* lust vrcek In San
Qnentln prison.
~^~Fov~eC" friend of "Warden A«nlrrp.
llyingr_in Lai "Angeles/ whose name.
is McClure, /the following fnrni
tnre'!na«; being prepared ln*t vreek
In.Snn Qacntlm
- ,1: DOOlvCRHF.
;'. '.i Dressing-Cnse.
\ . These, article*, for McClure. arc of
; quarter. .'oak. i of the best • quality. -
; Since the' visit of representatives : of
The contents of the wharf 'shipping
book arc known, however, ; and the rec- '
Acting Warden, j. A. Aguirre refused
to show the book,- even defying the or
der of President Fitzgerald of theBoard
of Prison Directors that, all the records
of the prison should be produced for in
spection ' by The Call's .representatives.
At the very time that Acting Warden
J. A. Aguirre, representing his brother,
Warden M. G. Aguirre, stated. that no
convicts were employed in making fur
niture or that any convict-made furni
ture was in the prison he knew that a
corps of inmates of the prison was en
gaged in making furniture ior the War
den and himself and friends: ; that a
valuable stock of the articles was on
hand. In making, a demand on. Acting
Warden J. A. Aguirre to produce the
"wharf shipping book" representatives
of The Call sought to learn to what
points the records showed the shipping
of some of the convict-made furniture.
he was lying and he had good reason for
denying that any furniture was. being
made in the prison or that any furniture
was to be seen there as the product of
convict labor. .
PHOTOGRAPH OF PRISON T MADE BEDSTEAD GIVEN BY; WARDEN AGUIRRE TO A FRIEND IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Continued on Page Two.
".When -I first; read the, accusations in
The' Call I .was utterly dumfounded. Since
the' first "article appeared I have" read
every- line '.printed with intense interest
and concern because if what The Call as
serts is . true can be proven, it is a very
serious matter. and .the Warden is placed
in "a" very bad condition.'; The matter will
of -course' be rigidly investigated b>- the
Board ; of Prison Directors. This investi-'
lotion will. I have no doubt, be at the in
stigation of Aguirre.; I understand he has
"returned from. Los Angeles and arrived at
•the] prison to-day, but I have not seen
. . SAN RAFAEL. Cal., May. 26.-J. H.
Wlikins, one of the five State Prison Di
rectors of San. Quentin. was seen at his
home. in this' city" to-night. -When asked
what „ he .thought, of the sensational
charges made by The Call against War
den Martin, Aguirre he said:
Prison Director Declares That
.He Desires the Guilty-
Parties Punished.
WILKINS WANTS
. - ; INVESTIGATION
destroying some of the prison's records
has been discussed.
"Well, I should think so. Personally X
was always in favor of paying the War
den a stated salary* and then let them
pay for all maintenance out of that sura.
This $100 is only for food. All servants
in the house are convicts, the house rent
costs nothing, and even water and gscs
are furnished him free. There is one b!g
meter that acts for the whole prison. The
fpod is procured cheaper than any out
rider could even get it. Meat, for in
stance. The best of it only costs about 6
cents a pound. His coal is furnished at
about ?S per ton, whereas I pay $13 or $14
for the same kind. There are lots of
vegetables grown on the prison grounds
that are used and don't cost anything.
So you see the Warden ought to do a
great amount of entertaining on $130 a
month. He has done lota of it since ha
has been there. -Whether or. not this
entertaining > is right and proper ' in the
eyes of the taxpayers of the State or
whether it should be criticized is a i ques
tion.. The Warden necessarily has to en
tertain. Sheriffs, Judges* and even Su
perior Judges are frequent visitors to the
prison. At those times he is supposed to
treat them nicely.' It seems to me that it
ought to be done on $100. I know I have
often asked him if the amount allowed
was sufficient * and Martin - VrouW \say it
was plenty. In. regard to k these ; night
shirts I have no doubt, but what I have
slept in them. There are five rooms In
the Warden's . house set apart ; for . the
Prison Directors. I know there has al-
"Now, in regard to the J10O a month al
lowed the Warden for maintenance of his
house. Should that be ample, Mr. Wil
kins?"
actual cost- of material and convict labor
at about 75 cents per day added. I was not
aware that any furniture had been man
ufactured within the last three or four
years, although I suppose if any was
wanted or required the Warden could
have it made. If he wished any repairs
he could have them dtine."
"Do you know that furniture has been
made and sold within the last few
weeks?" was askedV
"No. I am not a-^gre of it.".
"Do you know that there is now a large
amount under construction?"
"No, I was not aware of that, either.
You see when it was decided years ago
to abandon the manufacture of furniture
there was a very large supply of hard
wood and other fine material on hand."
said Mr. Wilkins. "Until this material
was consumed furniture was made, but
this was supposed to have been the caae
four or five years ago."
"Well, you know, years ago the manu
facture of furniture -was the chief indus
try at the penitentiary.' There was a com
plete furniture and sash and door factory
there from which* large quantities were
turned out. Later this manufacture was
only for consumption at State institutions,
such as the deaf and dumb 'asylum, etc..
they having 1 first to present proper requi
sition papers to the Board of Directors.
In recent years this was . abolished and
the furniture was only salable to officers
of the prison for use in their houses or
for use in the prison . offices and apart
ments. The officers of the prison getting
such furniture would be charged for
"Mr. "Wilkins, has the board at any time
authorized the manufacture of furniture
at San Quentin?"
him. neither have I been able to talk with
the other members of the board as yet.
You ««e I have been away for several
months and only returned to California
from Mexico last week. Personally I know
of nothing: that has transpired at any of
the Prison Directors* meetings since Jan
uary 28. The board does not meet nntfl
June 14 In regular session. Whether or
not a special session will be asked for I
am not aware." ..
The Call to San Quentin prison for the
purpose of investigating the records
consternation has reigned in the institu
tion. A cousin of Warden Aguirre has
for two 'days past been busily engaged
with a number of convicts in hiding
away the furniture that has been made
by convicts for ' .> the Warden, his
brother and his friend McClure of Los
Angeles. Some of the guards have a
quantity of. old furniture stored away in
the big abandoned furniture factory,
and in some of the dismal; rooms the
Warden's cousin and convicts have hid
den • away the" "hew " furniture, piling
up around it the old articles belonging
to the guards.
The corrupt ring of swindlers and for
gers, in control of San Quentin prison
are trembling-in their.shoes now that an
investigation of affairs is to be held by
the Prison Directors.
Consultations have been" held by
members of the ring and the question of
Wilkins Declares If Accused
Are Guilty They Must
i Be Punished.
President Fitzgerald De=
mands Call's Charges
Be Probed.
bers of the San Quentin
ring is bearing good results. President
R. M. Fitzgerald of the Board of Prison
Directors yesterday announced that the
gravity of the accusations made by this
paper demanded a thorough investiga
tion of the affairs of San Quentin
prison. The inquiry will be ordered
just as soon as the Directors can get to
gether and arrange the time for the
same.
In making charges of fraud, forgery,
obtaining goods by false pretenses,
misappropriation of public funds, falsi
fication of public records and malfeas
ance in office against Warden M. G.
Aguirre of' San Quentin prison The
Call has published but a few samples of
the felonies committed by the leading
members of the corrupt ring that con
trols the disbursement of thousands of
laT^ XPOSURE by The Call of
0 v the betrayal of trust on the
B& part of Warden M. G.
¦^ *W . Aguirre and other mem-
mill, with the exception of $50. The
lumber was used for making furniture
for Warden Aguirre's friends at the
hands of convicts.
Acting Warden Lies.
Representatives of The Call visited
San Quentin prison last week and in. the
absence of the Warden requested Act
ing Warden J. A. Aguirrc^to be shown :
the furniture being made in the prison.
"No furniture is being made in the
prison," was the reply of the Acting :
Warden, "and therefore you cannot sec,
men working on those articles.", f . . '¦
On being pressed for "information as,"
to any work being done by convicts on ¦
any kind of furniture, . Acting Warden j
J. A. Aguirre stated that ''perhaps some?
of the infirm - prisoners might be cm- I
ployed in making a chair or two." * He :
refused, however, to allow the "chair or,,
two" to be inspectedl .
When the Acting Warden made ; the!
above statement he knew full well that:
/4 THOROUGH investigation of the financial affairs of San Quentin prison is to be made by the S^^Wo^^j^Sl^^^^fcfCJi^^ 'M. Fitzgerald, president of the board, was interviewed yesterday as to the charges of felony made by
The Call against W'ardcn M.G. Aguirre and other officials of the penitentiary. President Fitzgerald made v 'the 'following} statement r; .
"There will be a most thorough investigation of the charges made by The Call. This mtist be done jn.^ who are accused and to the people of the State. The accusations are of the gravest
nature, and the Board of Prison Directors must take cognizance of them. 1 cannot say when , the investigation will.take placci my brother directors I must iconsult with them and Arrange the details of an inquiry.
The records of San Quentin prison arc open to the public, and the Warden or any one acting for him has' no right] to rcfus£*anAnspcctio!i of any book, document or paper connected zvith the affairs of the institution."
PRISON DIRECTORS TO MAKE A SEARCHING INVESTIGATION
OF FORGERY, THEFT AND FRAUD BY SAN QUENTIN OFFICIALS
The San Francisco Call.of the »• last session of the Legislature. It
will'be .recollected that' Senator. Belshaiv
of Contra Costa and -Marin secured " the
adoption of a" resolution authorizing the
Senate to name a committee of five hold
over' Senators tp7, look into j prison man
agement during the recess of the Senate.
GAGE FIGHTS SHY OF THE FORGED BILLS
TST ,,\ OS ANGELES. May 26.— The following interview
H with Governor- Gage appears in the Record this
H afternoon: ; . !¦
ft H|M^ .."You will notice," said the Governor, "that'no
where in these articles Is it said that 1 had any
knowledge of ; wrongdoing or participated knowingly in
anything wrong. As I don't know anything at all about
this matter I am not ¦ undertaking to say anything for
Warden Aguirre. But I do know that some of the state
ments made there are absolutely false. . ,
"What does the paper say about me anyway? Oh, it
says that I slept between sheets paid for with State money
and ate frutt that was charged to the prison. Well, how
could I tell 'by the looks of the sheets. I am accustomed
to sleeping in sheets and I sometimes eat fruit. But real
ly, you. should know that , the Warden of the prison is re
quired tokeep up a house where he can entertain visitors.
The Governor Is properly: a guest of/ the Warden. The
Prison Directors frequently . stop there and distinguished
Visitors, from other States also accept the, hospitality of the
Warden. Is it not proper that he should have sheets,
towels, table cloths" and even night shirts? He is sup
posed. to, heep up a well appointed houSe" where he can
entertain" visitors, though some people seem to think he
should -live in a cell like the criminals. ~ I. pass. a good deal
of time at the house of the Warden at San Quentin and
now I am told that I have unconsciously been sleeping on
sheets that were' charged to the ; State. ; As 'a. matter >bf
fact, I believe that every item enumerated in ; that bill
for_$11213 was proparly charged -to-'the State; -Some, of
the items I don't "recognize, : but -those I , do seem quite
proper for the house of the Warden. .".'..:¦'•• ¦-.:'•"
"Here" I see that the paper harps on the
of convicts as clerks. in the departments. • Don't you know
that it ; Is a common practice In all penal ' Institutions thus
to utilize the, services of 'trusties' who are qualified ?
"What- object :. would those convicts have in falsifying
or forging a bill? They may have made- mistakes. Such
things happen, in institutions having high salaried book
keepers;-why should they not in this case? ,
, "Aguirre has ! gone »to San Quentin and"'sent" ahead ot
him a telegraphed permission for a full investigation of
the records in h|s .offlc^,". when _• he shall be present. It is
sail here that members of my family received the benefit
of these purchases.. I. suppose that anybody visiting in
the house of the .Warden ¦ received proportionate benefit
depending on how long he slept or how much he ate. But
you will notice that the paper avoids saying that I know
ingly, derived- any benefit. Bear in mind that I am too
far away from. the scene, to be able to speak understarid
ingly on this subject, tor I don't" know, anything about it.
Yes, I slept at, the Warden's house and ate there,, so to
that extent I probably participated in these benefits. ;
¦ "I see that -paper says that my son asked Commissioner
Foley if the goods had arrived. ¦ That refers to my little
lame boy. who "sometimes visits the Warden's house. -I
suppose if that HtUe boy were to accept an orange while
therelt would be' technically"' true that a member of my
family participated In' the benefits of the fruit stolen from
the public; stores. No, you will -see that Warden Aguirre
will be able | to - show that ! everything Is quite straight at
theprison and that. he nowise exceeded'his rights as War
den. That' man took hold of that prison when it was in
most deplorable condition and has put It in a shape that
makes it a* credit to the State." . - v
. Senator Belshaw stated openly on the
floor" of the Senate . fhat the Executive
was interfering: in the business of legisla
tion and took a whack at the Intruder,
using language that no one could fail to
understand. Senator Belshaw then had,
The t3overnor was anxious that success
should attend his efforts to have the
threatening resolution rescinded, hence he
put aside his petty pride, and small preju
dices, and sent for Senator Cutter of. Yuba
to help him out, of difficulty. As the rec
ords of the Senate will show, Cutter went
to his rescue and the resolution which so
alarmed his little Excellency and the gang
at San Quentin was duly rescinded.
tenant Governor Neff , who had had ex
perience in prison management, would ap
point a capable committee, and that facts
relating to Aguirre's peculiar methods of
handling prison affairs at San Quentin
would be brought to light by the com
mittee. • . " .
"The whole matter trill be tally
ferreted out, and It the bills have
been Altered and. chargres made to
wronR accounts, then Martin
Agrnlrre or whoever is srpllty of any
sack act vrill find himself in a bad
predicament."
itself as exposed in The Call there would
have been nothing said against ' the
charge, but if it had been altered then it
is entirely a different matter. I know
Warden Aguirre has often asked me
about dubious charges, whether or not
certain articles could be- charged to the
State. For instance, he asked ine if he
could not put a bottle of perfume in each
room and charge it to the State. I told
him it was ridiculous, to which he re
plied that he knew one of the Directors
liked cologne and he thought it would be
nice to have a bottle in each apartment.
A dozen other such questions were asked
me at different times. --.
PORTLAND,! Or.. May 26.— Lin Yeungr.
a Chinese opium dealer, was found dead
in his room on Second street this after
noon. His head had been crushed with
an -ax, .which was found in the room.
Whether he had been murdered as a re
sult of a Chinese feud or by members of
a low class of negroes who patronized him
is not known. .No arrests have been made.
Opium Dealer Murdered.
VICTORIA. B. C, May 26.— In the Legis
lature "this afternoon a resolution of sym
pathy with the families of those who lost
their lives In the Fernle disaster was
passed, and Minister of Mines Prior an
nounced that the Government had for
warded a check for $5000 for the immedi
ate necessities of the needy and would
forward another check for the same
amount when it was reaulred.
Belief for Fernie's Needy.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 26.— The
schooner Nellie E. Thurston. which has
been roaming the sea in the- vicinity of
Dixons Kntrance for three months and
about which there was much anxiety, is
reported safe. She was spoken by the
steamer Danube last Wednesday. At that
time the schooner was aground on a sand
bar off Skidegat, where she had be.en for
the past fortnight. The schooner was not
damaged and it. was expected she would
be floated at the high tide last Thursday.
Schooner Nellie Thurston Safe.
SACRAMENTO, May 26.— Prospects are
good for the speedy settlement of the la
bor troubles that have tied up building ,
trad%s of this city for a fortnight. Both ; ;
sides have tacitly agreed to concessions
and a joint committee ha* been appoint
ed, representing the contractors ami
builders and the Journeymen, ta meet at
1:30 to-morrow afternoon, when the de
tails of the settlement probably will b«
arranged. . -•-¦ > '
Strike Settlement in Sight.
PAN RAFAEL, May" 26.— Mrs. Lillian G.
Beal is seeking JegaK separation from
Ray C. Beal. Papers in a suit of divorce
were filed with the County Clerk this af
ternoon, the charge being infidelity. The
Leals have been married less than two
years, residing most of the time at Point
San Pedro, near this city.
MBS. LILLIAN" G. BEAL
FILES SUIT FOR 3>IVORCU
A meeting of the boiler-makers -was held
at the union's headauarters to-day. The
members pledged themselves to refuse to
give any information and Ho refrain from
any disturbances. Other departments of
the machine shops are said to be In
sympathy with, the boiler-makers and the
men are said to have announced that, it
necessary, they would strike.
The grievance of the boiler-makers,
which caused tho strike, is over the dis
charge of a workman named Wilson, on*
of the oldest men, in point of service, in
that department of the Santa Fe. Wilson
was not actually discharged, but .was told,
he would be unless he agreed to go to
Selisman, Ariz., to work in accordance
with the company's wishes. On Saturday
"Wilson was transferred to Seligman. but
He refused to go. The company then toto
him he would be* discharged unless he
chose to go to Arizona. Wilson placed
the "matter' before • the Boiler-makers'
Union and it was agreed that the union
would back up Wilson in his refusal.
About forty boiler-makers, with ap
prentices and the helpers, walked' out. In
former strikes the helpers and apprentices
remained at work.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 25.— The en
tire force in the boiler-makine depart
ment of the Santa Fe shops in this city
went on strike this morning. With one
exception every man employed. Including
helpers and apprentices, laid down hia
tools and said he would not go back until
the men's grievances were righted. There
was no preliminary agitation, and, in fact,
only a few of the workmen, teally knew
what the strike had been called tor until
after they had left the shops and gone
Into conference.
The three large steel railroad bridges of
the Santa Fe, Missouri Pacific and Colo-,
rado Southern roads, all within, a. quarter
of a mile above the mouth of the Foun
tain, were, torn out, and no trains will
be able to cross for some time. The ap
proaches to the two city bridges on
Fourth «nd Eighth. streets, and those of
the county bridge north of the city, were
undermined, and. then, .torn outi ....... .
It is reported that at Kelker a'cloud
burst covered the prairie with from two
to four inches of water.
PUEBLO, Colo.V May 26— The high wa
ter, in the Fountain River, reached here
shortly after 8 o'clock. The flood came
down in a great roaring: breast of water,
tearing" loose everything In Its way. At
Buttes station on the Rio Grande road
the section-house and other property were
destroyed. From there to this city not
much of value could be reached
by the wave, and ample warning
had been sent ahead. But a num
ber of tent dwellers disregarded It
and had a narrow escape. -Two women
were compelled to cling to a tree several
hours amid the noisy waves. Several
small houses and tents were carried off.
Union Backs Up Workman's
Refusal to Be Sent
to Arizona.
Two Women Escape Death
in Torrents by Clinging
• .to a Tree.
Tieup in San Bernardino
Carshops of .fche
Santa Pe.
High" Water Is Causing
Havoc in Vicinity
of Pueblo.
BOILER-MAKERS
ARE ON STRIKE
FLOOD SWEEPS
AWAY BRIDGES
Propose a Gift for the Emporor.
BERLIN. May 26.— The Berlin Tage
blatt says it understands that a commit
tee of New York citizens is arrangingr to
offer Emperor William a statue of
George Washington in return for his gift
of a statue of Frederick the Great to the
United States. ¦ .: :
as he now has. positive proof that th*
Governor lobbied to secure a repeal of the
resolution which proposed an Inquiry into
prison affairs during a recess of the Sen
ate. This incident is now recalled and the
people begin to see why Gage did not
want a committee to inquire about San
Quentin. The abominable management of
prison -affairs In California has been the
topic of whispered comment for the pa3t
year. Perhaps at the time the inquiry
•was proposed Senator Belshaw had an
inkling that things were crooked at San
Quentin. Senator Cutter i» well satisfied
¦with his general record as a statesman,
but he admits now that he made an error
when he advocated the repeal of the Bel
shaw resolution.
Attempt Is Made
to Hide the
Evidence.
Gage Makes Poor
Excuses for
Aguirre.
warden l^^^^^^^^^^^p^ffl^^^^^^^S^KBi^Siii^Si^
SAN 'JOSE.' May; 29.— Mayor Martin to-day
reappointed William H. Carmlchael a member
of the Police and Fire Commission. The term
of office. Is four* years, . .
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is : to look after; your own comfort.7 The 'com
fortable, trains i of the Nickel Plate Road. Chi
cago to New _York 'and Boston." carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars," in which' are* served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each, always
pleaee the traveling public. JATW. ADAMS,
P. C. .P. • A.. 37 Crocker building, I Ban Tran
clsco, Cal.- ¦¦.¦.." - - . - ¦ - ¦ . ¦¦•' .Wi',"
HOUSTON. Tex.. May 26.— Early to-day a
boiler exploded at the home of Millionaire John
H. Kirby. where a private theater . and audi
torium wae being built. Engineer Harry Wood
ard of Memphis . and his , assistant, .Charles
Ccughlln. were Instantly killed-
Itching-, Blind. Bleedlngr or Protruding Pill*
No cure. No Pay.- All druggists are authorized
by -manufacturers of . Pazo Ointment to refund
money where it fails to cure any case of piles,
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cases In six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application gives ease and rest.*. Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new discovery, and
U the only -pile remedy sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will.be
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress.- Price, 50c. », If your druggist don't keep
it in stock send 50c in stamps and we will tor-*
ward full size box by mail. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also manufacture : the- celebrated cold "cure,
Laxative Bromo-Culnine Tablets. ; .••-. ¦
Files Cured Without the Knife.
•ATLANTA, Ga.. May 2C— Wlllard Dee, who
shot and Instantly • killed Miss Lillle Sutles
In a church at Benhlll, Ga.; yesterday, was
captured this morning near Austell, - Ga.,' and
placed in" the Atlanta jail. He says he killed
Miss Sutles : because his ; love . was unrequited
and he v/ished to end the suspense. .
BERLIN, May 26.— Emperor William
has directed that Adjutant General Cor
bin. General's. B. M, Young and Gen
eral Leonard Wood shall be his guests
¦at the German- military maneuvers next
.fall. More than this, the Foreign Office
h&s informed the representative of the
Associated Press here that Emperor Will
iam is very glad .the American generals
are ccming to Germany.
"Will- Be Guests of the Emperor.
AERONAUT MEETS DEATH
AT A SUMMER RESORT
His Parachute Drops Into the Middle
of a Lake and He Is ;
Drowned.
DENVER, May 26.— Ben Bowen, an
aeronaut, made an ascension and para
chute drop at Manhattan Beach, a subur
ban summer resort, at 9:15 to-night, and,
falling into the middle of the lake, was
drowned before a boat could reach him.
Bowen was 18 years of age. He came here
from Brooklyn, but his home Is said to
have been In Baltimore. The body has
not been recovered. ' -
CHICAGO, May 26.— Sixteen of .the
n>ost prominent, students of Northwest
ern University* at Evanston were arrested
to-day charged with disorderly v conduct,
assault and battery, and resisting the.po
lice.', They .were released. on bonds to ap
pear before the v magistrate ; to-morrow;
The warrants were sworn out by -officers
of the alumni of the* Sigma' Alpha Up
silon. The trouble started with the haz
ing Friday of George v Tilrose,*"a "junior
who. had criticized the athletic ability of
some of Northwestern's best men. • He
resisted stoutly, but was easily overcome
and rolled In a mud puddle. The students
took their arrest lightly and declared that
they would start a criminal club," simi
lar to the ono at Yale. .' ' ;
Besult of Hazing | a
Junior. . ; V
Sixteen of Them Are Arrested as the
UNIVERSITY STUDENTS • .
ARE TAKEN INTO CUSTODY
On learning of Thomson's arrest, his
wife's friends sent her : money and she
met him in New York, but the officers
rtfused to let her sail on the same steam
er and she bought a ticket on another
vessel. ¦• . - ¦ . ¦ ¦• ¦ . ¦ ;. ..¦ . .- ,-. ...
Then he fled 1 the country, taking with
him the daughter of a Liverpool sea cap
tain. On arriving In New York they "were
married and afterward went to Texas.
Leaving his wife there, young Thomson
c&me to Washington to better his for
tune and was arrested in Seattle two
months ago. His own father was instru
mental in bringing him to justice. The
parent "has been ruined financially in the
effort to make good the. losses caUsed by
his 6on's betrayal of trust. .
TACOMA, May 26.— David < Thomson,
wanted in Great Britain for 'embezzle
ment, was -turned over to' British offi
cers on the steamship Saxonia In New
York last weekly Deputy. United States
Marshal Crosby of Tacoma, who returned
to-day. Thomson is about thirty years
of age and well educated." His father
had been a magistrate for thirty years
in a town in "Scotland and was made
manager of a loan company. The father
allowed the son to handle the funds and
the latter embezzled money - to the
amount of I $70,000. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
; Posses were quickly formed and' sent to
try to Intercept the. fugitives, but so far
they have eluded capture. „¦¦-".'.•
: , In their, flight the robbers had to ascend
a. steep mound known as Dead Man's
Point.. A cordon was thrown around this
and in the darkness Watchman Grandjeau
and Policeman Defrles mistook each
other and commenced firing, exchanging
seven shots. Grandjeau was wounded in
the. right -side.: :*. - : ,V" •
¦¦¦ The robbers retreated a few : steps far
ther and opened the' till, from which they
abstracted only .13." In k making their es
cape they were seen by. Night Watchman
Grandjeau of the ;Puget Sound Packing
Company's cannery, who notified . the
police. ¦'...''..'
As the robbers were effecting their rs
treat with the cash register Policemai
Peterson started to enter the saloon am
the, two commenced shooting at him. The
policeman received- a wound just unde;
the' heart.' . "_S , .
•The robbers entered the saloon from tlu
rear a. few minutes before, midnight
There, were only two patrons and th<
bartender present. Thonias Berger start
ed to run out of the front door, when oik
of the robbers fired, the bullet striking
the: fleeing man in the shoulder. . .
.Watchman . S. - A. Grandjeau, bulle
wound through the right side; no
thought to: be fatal. .
i Thomas 'Berger, wounded through th(
right shoulder, not seriously. \ •
. Policeman Anders Peterson, sho
through - the left side, just, below tht
heart; cannot recover. • -
FAIRHAVEN, Wash., May 26.— Twc
robbers ' raided- a saloon known as
"Butch's Place" in this city last night an'.
escaped with the coin from the ca3*
register, after .wounding one of the. flee
ing 'Inmates of the place and a policemar
who : attempted to intercept them. Fol
lowing the robbery, and during the pur.
suit of the : criminals, another policemar
and T a watchman mistook "each other f oi
a fugitive, with th'e result that the watch
man was badly wounded. The casualty
list, follows: . "
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fostoffice Inspector Tells of State
ments Made to Him by the
;;-. Defendant.
: DES MOINES, la.. May 26.— Postoffice
Inspector C. E. Stewart testified at the
Balliet trial to-day that when he insti
tuted an investigation of Balliet's con
nection with the White Swan gold mine
of Baker City, Or., Balliet admitted that
he had not yet purchased the mine and
that, nevertheless he had already secured
$30,000 througn the sale of stock, although
he had operated but a month. He said
Balliet justified his course at the time by
saying that the mine had recently been
sold at a Sheriff's sale for 1593 70 and
that he knew he could secure the cer
tificate cheap. - The testimony of Mrs.
Alice N. Young, his former stenographer,
was concluded to-day." She told of in
stances when she had paid money to
women out of the company's funds on in
structions from Balliet. ;
DAMAGING TESTIMONY
GIVEN AGAINST BALLIET
Wound Policeman and
: ¦Fleeing Cit-zsn at
r Fairhaven;
David Thomson's Father
Assists in Running
Him Down. ;
ROBBERS HANDY
WITH REVOLVERS
¦ Drl " Canac-Marquis, when ¦ seen - last
nighf at his residence, 1101 Van - Ness
avenue, admitted that he had used some
force in dealing with Mtchaud, but said
he acted in self defense.
"Michaud went to. the Geysers on my
advice," said he. "I recommended him
for the position of cook in the -Geysers
hotel. When I went to the springs for
an outing last Friday he sought me out
and became abusive. He told me that he
would not remain there and blamed me
for his condition. Calling me a vile name,
he drew a knife, as I supposed, to stab
me. He again called me a vile name and
I knocked him down. That is all there
was to it." " , ;• ... :
NEW YORK, May 26.— The Presbyte
rian General Assembly at to-day's ses
sion chose Los Angeles, Cal., as the place
of next meeting.
The General Assembly acted adversely
on an overture from the presbytery of
Los Angeles # requesting that ministers
ccming from the South Presbyterian
Church be honorably retired with the
same privileges as if they had served al
ways with the church under the General
Assembly. The matter came before the
assembly in a report from the committee
en ministerial alliance. The Rev. William
6. Young, D.D., pastor of the Emanuel
Presbyterian Church of Los Angeles, ad
vised-that the assembly act favorably on
the overture. In the West, he said, there
were many ministers, who had come
from the southern branch, and favorable
action by the assembly would help to
bring the two churches together.
The -Rev, Dt. Thomas Parry of WH
kineburg. Pa'., chairman of the committee,
took the opposite view. He said it would
cpen the door- fer ministers of other de
nominations to come to the Presbyterian
church and claim the same privileges as
the ministers who had served in the Gen
eral Assembly all'their lives. .
The Rev. Dr. ' Benjamin L. Agnew cf
Philadelphia*- corresponding secretary of
the board of ministerial relief, spoke in
the same -vein. He said the result of
granting the demand of toe presbytery of
Los Angeles would be that many of the
retired ministers who had always -been
with the Northern Presbyterian Church
wculd have their already scant allow
ances cut down.
"When the Civil War was closed," he
said, "we would have been willing to vote
for the union of .the two churches. But
1 am utterly opposed to holding out any
money consideration to bring them over.
They will hmve the same privileges as our
members tf they ccme over to the prin
ciples."
The Rev. Dr. James D. Mcllvain of Bal
timore said it would be unfortunate If the
overture did not receive favorable action.
"There is no difference with us between
the church North or South," he 6aid.
W"hen the question of selecting a meet
ing place was taken up the Rev. Dr.
Henry C. Minton, former moderator,
ir.ade- a ten-minute address in favor of
Los Angeles. He said Los Angeles had
worked two years to get the assembly
and should have it next year.
The Rev. Dr. Richard S. Holmes point
ed out that there was a great difference
between the mileage for Cleveland and
Los An seles. . ¦¦ ¦ :
"If you want to burden the member
ehlp for suph a big- £um as this difference
would be, let the money go to home mis
sions, or to' pay off the debt on Presby
terian buildings. We have no right to do
anything to favor a big corporation or
railroad."
At the moment when the moderator
called for a vote on the question a mem
ber of the assembly who refused to give
his name, but who was said to be an
elder from Cleveland, made the state
ment that a railroad had conducted a
lobby in favor of Los Angeles among the
commissioners. The moderator declared
the Cleveland elder out of order. Elder
Ernest E. Baker from Oakland, Cal., said
that the man referred to as a lobbyist
was a member of the assembly, who had
a perfect right to be on the floor of the
assembly. The vote was 2S7 for Los An
£e.'«s and 149 for Cleveland.
Soon after the assembly adjourned sine
die. ',
Lower Telegraph. Bates.
VANCOUVER. B. C, May 26.*-The Can
adian Pacific Railway's telegraph re
ceived advices from Ottawa to-day that
telegraph rates to Dawson and other
points in the Yukon will be reduced by
one-third from June L This will make
Duwson rate $3 25 for ten words, as
against the present rate of $4 75. The
Canadian Pacific Railway Company tele
graphs advices that commencing June 1
the cable rate to Queensland and Victoria
Australia, will be reduced to $111 per
¦word.
The establishment of new lines or the
extension of existing service, if so large
as to double the present number of sail
ings, must, before being- carried out, be
submitted to a committee of the Joint
contracting parties.
The combine will not have the right to
prevent such extension, however, except
In the event of such party desiring to ef
fect such extension or establishment of
new lines. It is bound to give the other
the option of participating to the extent
of one-third. This provision does not af
fect coastal . or similar minor, services.
The North Atlantic cabin passenger
traffic of both parties is to be regulated
by a special pooling arrangement, and it
is agreed to maintain the present pool re
garding steerage passengers. The freight
business will be continued under the ex
isting agreements. The agreement pro
vides further for the arrangements of dif
ferences and it becomes inoperative in the
event of war between the United States
and Germany. Great Britain and Germany
or the United States and Great Britain.
The combination agrees to leave to the
Hamburg-American line its services from
New York to East Asia and New York to
the West Indies.
BERLIN, May 26.— The directors of the
Hamburg-American line have issued a cir
cular divulging the terms of the agree
ment arrived at between the Morgan ship
ping combine and the Hamburg-American
and the North German Lloyd lines. The
two German companies undertake to pay
the combine an annual sum equal to a
dividend on shares amounting to at least
20,000,000 marks. This provision was
agreed upon when the capital of the Ger
man lines was 80,000,000 marks each and
in the event of an increase in the capital,
a contingency which . meanwhile has
arisen, the combine reserves the right of
increasing the annual sum accruing to it
to an amount equaling dividends of 2o per
cent of -the capital stock. The syndicate.,
in return, pledges Itself to pay the-Ger
mans 6 per cent on a corresponding
amount of capital, and not to send any
ships to a German portr without the con
sent of the German companies. The lat
ter are bound to limit 'their traffic from
British ports. • They can,..however,..con
tinue the existing service. The Germans
are not precluded from including in their
ports of call hereafter British ports from
Which the combine does not run services,
nor from running their South American,
Mexican and West Indian services from
British ports, even though the -combine
utilizes the same ports. The combine,
on the "other hand, undertakes to allow
two ships weekly In each direction to
touch at French ports. The Germans
are debarred from touching at Belgian
ports with ships running to and from
North America and agree not to touch at
English ports exceeding seventy-five times
for each company, each way,-, making an
aggregate of 300 calls. The Germans are
free to increase their sailings from
French ports, in which case the combine
is entitled to an increase, proportionately.
The warrant has not been served, the
doctor having, departed for San Fran
cisco this morning, thereby evading ser
vice of the > warrant in this county. He
will be haled Into the Justices' Court to
answer to the. charge as soon 83 the ar
rest can be made. .
It is then that the alleged assault took
place. The complaining witness, declares
that ., he : was unceremoniously knocked
down and that, great bodily pain was
caused by the attack.
..The offense of which the doctor is ac
cused is alleged to have taken place on
Friday at tho Geysers, the famous re
sort in the northern part of this county.
When Michaud was discharged from the
French Hospital he • was advised, by Dr.
Canac-Marquls to go to the Geysers
where he could obtain light employment
and regain his. health.. .The patient did
as his physician directed, and obtained
employment at the springs,* but did not
get • along well with his employer. On.
Friday .evening Dr. Canac- Marquis ar
rived at the resort from. San Francisco
for a short' vislt, J!: and v Michaud 'began to
complain; to him."."". -«•¦' ¦•.¦'* --'.''• '¦' x
SANTA ROSA, May 26.— A Warrant was
issued out of Justice Brown's court late
Saturday night charging Dr. F. P. Canac-
Marquis, chief surgeon of the French
Hospital in San Francisco, with assault
and battery. George Michaud, a former
patient in the French Hospital, having
spent seven or eight months in the insti
tution, was the complaining witness.
Special Dispatch to The Callt
HAZELTON, Pa,, May 26.<-Sixty engi
neers, firemen and pumpmen in -the Cran
berry colliery of A. Pardee & Co. struck
to-day because of the company's refusal
to reinstate a discharged pumpman." Some
of the oldest of the company's 1 employes
who were asked to take charge , of fires
or pumps resigned rather than comply
with the company's request. Cots were
taken to the Cranberry colliery to-night
for the use of non-union pumpmen and
firemen. The company's special' officers
wlllbe on guard. One of the Cranberry
slopes has been filling with water the last
week. "¦_' •''¦'. '. . ¦ .-•• • ¦ ¦ ¦•. '
The firemen will strike almost to a man
and the operators will be compelled to
secure green hands to take their places.
The stationary firemen have a member
ship of over 1000 in the district, and with
in a year a great many firemen who for-"
merly belonged to the . Stationary ¦ • Fire-'
men's Association have joined the United
Mine Workers. Secretary Mullahy says
that 90 per cent of the engineers and
pumpmen will strike. The engineers; fire
men and pumpmen who were discharged'
at the Boston colliery of the Delaware
and Hudson Company because they reg
fused to do the work which was formerly
done by the strikers were reinstated to
day." ¦¦¦..¦ ¦¦"-¦¦ ¦: ¦'•¦ ''
FJBEMM WILL GO OTJT.
WILKESBARRB, May 26.— It is still
a matter of conjecture whether the mines
in the anthracite region will be complete-,
ly shut down next. Monday, when - the
order issued by the executive boards of
the United Mine Workers, governing the
hours of labor and wages to be paid en
gineers, firemen and pump runners will
go into effect. The operators declare they
will have all the help necessary to keep
the pumps and engines in running order.
The United Mine Workers and the offi
cers of the Stationary Firemen's Associa
tion, on the other hand, assert that un
less the. coal companies grant the de
mands made upon them the great bulk
of the engineers, firemen and pumpmen
will quit work. •
Many of the engineers do not like the
predicament they are in. If they quit
work they may never be reinstated, while
if they remain at their posts and . the
miners should win their strike they would
probably s find that things would not be
so pleasant for them at the collieries in
the future. •
At a largely attended meeting in this
city to-night a committee of United Mine
Workers reported that they had called
upon many engineers during the day and
that nearly all had given their, word that
they would join the other strikers next
Monday unjess the demand for a shorter
workday was granted. . i, '
ENGINEERS ABE WORRIED.
I CHICAGO, 1 ' May 26.— A conference that
promises \ to .change the aspect of 5 the
anthracite strike, situation was held in
this city to-day .between, several mem
bers of .'the National. Civic Federation and
union Interests. President John Mitchell
of the United Mine Workers of America,
who arrived .here Sunday, met Frank P.
Sargent and Franklin MacVeagh of the
federation, and Samuel Keefe of the
Longshoremen's . Union, and plans for
furtner arbitratlve endeavors on the part
of the federation were discussed. .- .
The meeting was executive and definite
statements as to details of the conference
were not announced. *' It is understood,
however, that the plan agreed on con
templates calling another conference of
the mine operators and the whole commit
tee of the National Civic Federation at
New York, with a view to arbitrating the
strike question. It is said that the plan
will be sent to Senator Hanna for ap
proval before a' t *rfccort|rnendation for
further arbitration U made. If the plan
is carried into effect it is said that some
definite announcement of it will be made
within a week or ten. days. • . .
President Mitchell • declined to go into
details of the meeting but said it was not
called by him. He said further that the
mine workers were showing no indication
of weakening in their position.
Franklin Mac Veagh said he was not in
a position to speak of the meeting, save
that it was not called at the request of
President Mitchell. . ' •
BRINGS RASCAL
SON TO JUSTICE
His Majesty's Government thanks you for
your kind and sympathetic message. They
have sustained an Irreparable less, and they,
are glad to know that its extent is understood
by tie Government of the United States, and
that Lord Pauncefote's .great qualities were
appreciated by your country not less than by
his own. . LANSDOWNE.
"WASHINGTON. May 26.— The remains
of the late Lord Pauncef ote will be car
ried to England on an American warship
and either the Olympla. the flagship of
the North Atlantic Squadron, or the
Brooklyn, which is just returning from
Cuba, will be selected for this duty.
A special funeral service over the re
mains of Lord Pauncefote will be held at
the Embassy to-morrow morning at 11
o'clock. It is Intended for the fa-mily* and
the attendance will be" limited t&>them and
the staff of the- Embassy." Dr. McKay-
Smith, coadjutor of the Diocese of Phila
delphia, and formerly pastor of St. John's
Episcopal Church, where the Embassador
worshiped, will conduct, the . services.
Bishop Satterlee also .will be present." ; -
. Secretary Root , issued an order placing
Major-General S. B. M. Young. In charge
of the military arrangements of the funer
al. It was . also decided that an equal
number of, army and navy officers shall
act as ushers at the church, with Major
McAuley of the marine corps in charge.
An equal number of enlisted men from
the army and navy will act as body
bearers. It was also ordered that Lleu
tenant-General Miles, commanding the
army, i and the 'heads of all the staff de
partments of the army attend the funeral
in uniform, and a similar order was issued
with respect to Admiral Dewey and the
heads of the bureaus of the Navy De
partment. The funeral escort will consist
of a squadron of cavalry from Fort Myer,
a battalion of engineers (marching as in
fantry) from Washington Barracks, a
battery of artillery from Fort Myer and
a battalion of marines from local posts.
Secretary Hay received the following
telegram from' London to-day.
LONDON, May 26.— The British Govern
ment has gratefully accepted the offer by
tha United States of a warship to bring
home the body of Lord Pauncef ote, late
British Ambassador at Washington. Deep
appreciation was expressed af the Foreign
Office with this and other signs of Ameri
can sympathy.
Matter of Uniting the
Two Branches.
Adverse Action Taken in the
Syndicate Not to Send Any of
Its Vessels to German
Ports.
Both Sides Anxiously Await
• Action of Engineers and
. . ipumpmen.
Former Patient Tells of an
Alleged Assault at the ¦
Geysers. . '
American Warship to Carry
Pauncefote's Remains
to England. •
Los Angeles Is Chosen
as the Place of Next
Meeting.
Hamburg- American Line
Directors Issue a
Circular.
Major General Young Is.
Placed in Charge of
Arrangements.
Civic Federation Will
Try^to Bring About
' Conterence. , J V
Warrant Out for Chief
Surgeon of : French
Hospital.
PUBLISH TERMS
OF AGREEMENT
DUE HONORS TO
DEAD DIPLOMAT
CHARGES DOCTOR
WITH BATTERY
MINE WORKERS
STILL HOPEFUL
PRESBYTERIANS
CLOSE SESSION
¦Rays been a nightshirt f In my room
every time I slept there. I never fur
nished it, and I presume the Warden did
and that the State paid for it"
"Well, then, Mr. AVIIklns, how do
Ton account for the bills - being
changred to read 'table cloths *• "
••Well, that In a very grave fac
tor o£ the whole thins:, and if such
is the cRie It Is an extremely seri
ous matter."
"I have no doubt at all but what if the
original bill had been presented wflh
item for nightshirts it would have been
allowed- Naturally we would have asked
for an explanation, but If Warden
Aguirre had told us that it was for new
nightshirts to replace the old ones In the
Directors' rooms there would have been
nothing to mar the allowance of the
Item. Therefore I say In the original bill
Developments of
an Astounding
Character.
Lumber Charged
to General Re-
THE SAN FBAJiTGISGO; CALL, TUESDAY, i MAX 27, ,1902. ,.
Seek to Destroy
the Records of
Infamy.
Members of Ring
Are Trembling
'With Fear.
Proof of Crime
Is Summarily .
Covered. P
Governor's Pe t
Appointee Is
Worried.
Contlnued From Page One
The . adoption 1 of the resolution was re
garded as ..something . like slapping the
face* of his'Gageship, and steps were at
once, taken by-- the Governor to line up
Senators who had important bills pend
ing and induce them to rescind the,reso
lution- Gage rightly, suspected that Lieu-
GAGE SHIELDED
THE WARDEN
! The prison scandals now agitating, the
State revive interest in certain incidents
2
| S Of course will wear a straw hat during the
¦ summer — almost everybody is going to; it will be the
biggest straw hat season for years past.
There is an advantage in buying your straw hat
here; the first and foremost advantage lies in the fact
that we sell hats at much lower prices than exclusive
dealers; our hat department is only a part of our large
business. Another advantage comes from our immense
assortment: V-Y;
¦ Different shaped. Fedoras at $1.00, $1.50, $2.00 '
and $3.00.
Yacht shapes at 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00.
Ladies' arid men's yacht shape rough straw, hats
with three thickness brims, very swell, $1.00 each.
.--may-fly':. . 8 *°' rc dosed Friday— Memorial Day. •
Cut-of-iown orders filled— writt U3.
718 Market Street
Prevents
Heat
Prostration
| Horsford's Acid Phosphate
cools the blood, strengthens
the nerves, induces restful
: Eleep, and prevents o ver-
: heating. The unequalled
Summer Tonic 1 Insist on
having
¦ Horjjford 9 *?
Acid
¦PKospKaLte
I- Barafcttft cum as M7 GE3TCIX1 I*ci*«e .Call Dispatch Boat
.Visits Scenes
: of Horror.
The cii>her dispatch of warning sent by
Professor Landes Is still in existence, but
It is held a secret by the 'Government
J Governor Moutette said that if St. Pierre
was destroyed he would remain to share
the fate of the inhabitants. Professor
Landes acquiesced, saying he, too, would
remain. Both lost their lives on May 8,
though Governor Moutette was trying to
escape when it was too late.
that the forces at work were such as to |
make an explosion certain. •
Hurrying back to St. Pierre he sent a
cipher dispatch to the Governor^ in which
he gave warning that the volcano would
not hold itself in check much longer. He
even went so far as to predict the total
destruction of the city of St. Pierre not
later than May 8.
Instead of. acting on the advice of Pro
fessor Landes, Governor Moutette went
to St. Pierre and tried to allay the fears
of Its inhabitants. He ordered Professor
Landes to say nothing about the con
clusions he had reached.
SAN RAFAEL, May 2S.— Th© Coroner's
Irquest Over the body of Captain T.
Johnson, who was found dead In hi3
home in Sausallto on Saturday night,
tcok place this morning. The testimony
presented to the Jury Indicated that
death was due to heart disease.
Heart Disease Canse of Death.
WASHINGTON, May 21—
The Navy Department has
added one more, and per
haps the last, to the good
offices which it has been
called on to perform in be
half of the West Indian
volcanic sufferers by undertaking to de
liver to the homeless people of St. Vin
cent a large quantity of lumber which the
Canadian Government has given. The
lumber Is coming by rail from Canada to
Norfolk, the treasury officials authorizing
its passage through the United States la
bond and without payment of duty. At
Norfolk the lumber will bo loaded on tha
collier Leonidas and transported directly
to St. Vincent.
Adjutant General Corb!n has received
the following cablegram from Captain J.
Gallagher, commissary department, dated
St. Vincent, May 24:
"The area of devastation on St. Vincent
Is about twelve square miles in the north
ern extremity. The population of this
area was about 8000, of which 1600 lost
their lives, the remainder escaping by
flight to Kingstown and other places. It
was no such overwhelming catastrophe as"
at St. Pierre, yet. more people are to be
sustained by the public because many es
caped. Outside of the area devastated no
great damage waa <lone, but the people
are very apprehensive. This condition will
not abate until the volcano, which is still
active, subsides. A second eruption oc
curred May IS, but no additional damage
was done. Supplies of all kinds from the
Dixie were most gratefully received, and
will, with what was on hand, provide for
the present population for three months.
Lumber for rebuilding is asked. Nothinar
is known of any disturbance outside of
St. Vincent and Martinique. Now that
the emergency has been met I would ad
vise sending supplies gradually, and only
after inquiry as to actual .. needs, as a
great quantity sent at once might prove
more embarrassing than beneficial. Th©
stores on the Dixie were well selected."
Secretary Moody also received the fol
lowing cablegram from Captain Berry of
the Dixie, dated St. Lucia. May 26:
"The Dixie is discharging the remainder
of her stores at Kingstown, where they are
most needed. The provisions now on hand
will last several months. Lumber for
houses is needed. The volcano is_actlve.
but no additional damage. Care of the res
cued and injured, approximately SO0O, well
in hand by the local authorities."
A telegram was received anounclng the
departure of the Potomac from St. Lucia
to-day bound for San Juan, Porto Rico.
nele Sam Still
Assisting the
Afflicted.
Carrying Lumber
to Rebuild
Homes.
PELEE'S VICTIMS LIE FATHOMS DEEP IN TOMB SEALED FOREVER
UNDER TONS OF BOILING MUD, AVALANCHES OF SCORIAE AND ASHES
aid-Call's dispatch boat M. E. Lucken
bachto San Juan, Porto Rico, May 20.—
Had St.' Pierre been a short mile further
south it would not now be a city of the
dead. Around Point Lance,* which marks
i the southern end of the harbor, the lit
tle village, of Carbet . remains to accentu
ate the horror of the ' catastrophe . that
overwhelmed the city of which it was a
suburb. Coasting along the west side of
the Island, from its head toward Fort de
France, the men of the Herald-Call dis
patch boat had seen the awful destruction
that Pelee had wrought, and it had sunk
so deep into .their memory that so long
as they live nothing can dim its vivid
ness. So awful was - the picture— and
1 words seemed so inadequate to describe it
—that it was- more by look than speech
that the men gathered on the deck -of
the Luckenbach sought to convey to one
another their impressions of the scene as
it passed before their eyes. But when
the whitened, crumbling ruins of St.
Pierre had been passed, Carbet, still sur
rounded by tropical luxuriance and with
men and women walking about its streets
—life where for miles there had been
nothing. but white death. to be seen— came
into view. When the vessel rounded a lit
tle .headland the thought uppermost in
thte minds of all on board was the pity
of it. In a flash it came to them all
how near the beautiful city had been to
safety, how short a distance its inhabi
tants would have had to flee to get safely
beyond the limits of the mountain's
power.
It Is not known, and perhaps never will
be indisputably known, what wrought the
unparalleled disaster. The officers of the
cruiser, Cincinnati, who have made an
investigation of the ruins and a
study of the causes which led
to the wreck, have a theory which
SCENES AT THE DESTROYED
CITY, AND VESSEL THAT
CARRIED SUCCOR.
FORT DE. FRANCE, Martinique; May
26.— It Is now known that all th© lives in
St. Pierre might have been saved had
it- not been for the action of Governor
Moutette. Professor Landes of the Uni
versity of St. Pierre had, been instructed
by Governor Moutette to make an inves
tigation of Mont Pelee, At the imminent
risk of his life. Professor Landes went
to the • crater . of the volcano. He found
Pierre's Danger.
Governor "Withholds Warning- of St.
MOXJTETTE RESPONSIBLE.
: But to the authorities of the island and
to the Governor. Sir Robert B. Llewellyn,
it. does? seem-that the islanders are over
proud. In their present state of mind,
they cannot • conceive, apparently, of the
possibility of retaining their self-respect
and at the same time lay themselves un
der what seems to them a deep obligation
to the people of a foreign country. And
yet to the officers and men of the Poto
mac who spent last Wednesday on shore,
riding and /driving from Kingstown
through Georgetown, 'to the Soufriere
mountain, distress was apparent on ev
ery hand. One of them told the .corres
pondent that not more than five or six
out of every fifty who passed along the
roads failed to ask him for money.
FORT DE FRANCE, May 20, via Her
ald-Call's dispatch boat M. E. Lucken
bach, and U..S. S. Potomac, from St. Vin
cent, May 17.— Proud, self-sufficient St.
Vincent is in dire need, yet she will allow
none to help her. That is the way It
seemed to some of the. men on the Poto
mac, which arrived there on Wednesday,
willing, nay anxious, to render any as
sistance possible, but to all the efforts of
help the invariable reply was that Eng
land would look after her. owm
and New York Herald.
From ¦ the ': SDecial Corressondent of The Call
cept Aid From Forrtgners.
St. Vincent People Are Loth to Ac-
NATIVES ABE TOO PBOUD.
accounts what is otherwise un
accountable. It is that Pelee's crater
had nothing, to do -with the destruction
that -was caused. : The, theory is, and one
that is everywhere borne out by evidence,
that a 'crevice was opened In the side of
the volcano nearest the city, and that
: through 'this 'vent Issued* a gas that was
borne by a breeze straight over St. Pierre.
The lines of demarkation of this gaseous
river, plain- as though ."they .had- been
drawn -by a ruler, lay down the slope,
narrowing at the mountain's top to open
fan-shaped as ' it neared the ocean, and
including every section of the doomed city
within its. deadly radius. Some idea of
the intense heat engendered may be had
from the fact that the wroughtiron pipes
a.nd castiron gaFgoyles of a fountain lo
cated in the center of a park and fully
400 feet . distant from any building have
been found fused and twisted out of all
shape. It requires 2800 degrees of heat to
fuse wroughtiron, , and this Iron was in
the center of a green park, far removed
from any building that could have possi
bly engendered such heat as that.
Pushing through Bouille street to the
northward the tangle became more and
more intricate. Here on the left was
hoard at last a sound. In the deathlike
Btlllnecs It struck upon the ear strangely.
BURIED DEEP BY LAVA.
With little difficulty a landing was ef
fected on the Marina, directly In front of
the ruin of the large rum. warehouse of
Lassar Frocs. The wharves In front were
littered with an Inextricable tangle of
rum casks, barrel hoops a^nd staves, heavy
Iron anchor chains, piles of conch shells
and other maritime debris. The heavy
masonry walls of the building, falling out
ward, but up to the second story above
the ground, the thick stone walls of the
front had stood, though seamed and tot
tering. Here. In the main doorway, at the
very threshold of the place where he had
toiled. wa6 seen the first mute relic of
human tragedy— a negro. Broadshouldered
and strong, he had been a stevedore or
warehouse porter probably. The stone
arch of the doorway had saved him from
being crushed under the falling walls and
the masonry had shielded the body
partly from the fire.
Soon living beings were seen scrambling
(down to the shore from amid the ruins.
They were a party of negro looters. The
approach of the Call-Herald steamer had
Interrupted them at their work and they
scurried down to the beach and tumbled
into a long dory which had lain hidden
behind a half-burned bulkhead. Closer
Inspection of their craft during a brief
parley while the Call-Herald's boat wan
alongside, showed that the other craft
was well filled with silver tableware,
blackened and much of It fused with.sil
ver and copper coins, gnarled and twisted
candelabra, pieces of broken pottery and
mantel ornaments and detached pieces of
iron and copper machinery. All were
coated with the gray dust that cave to
everything ashore the same pallid ashen
hue.
NEGEO LOOTERS UETBEAT.
Such was the picture when the Call-
Herald's dispatch boat, M. E. Liuckenbach,
yesterday stood in toward tne shore, pick
ing her way carefully among the charred
wrecks that dot the harbor and whose
blackened timbers are the sole relics of
Bteamshlps, merchantmen and smaller
craft that went down staggering and blaa
lng ten days ago under the tornado of
lire. As the steamer's boats were lowered
away and pulled In toward the strand,
so recently the scene of a commercial sea
port, not . a sound broke the perfect
eilence. As the boat drew near the shore
the deathlike stillness was broken by the
crackling of a coal yard fire. No word
•was spoken either by passengers or crew.
In the shadow of such a. horror all were
e.wed.
In other parts of the city not even a
roof peak or chimney thrusts its top
through the scoria. In the section known
as the new town, winding up the slope
of the mountain from the crescent of the
roadbed many of the city's most preten
tious homes have utterly vanished as a
Ewlss chalet Is swept from sight by the
rush of an Alpine avalanche.
of the Caribbean, its smoking
ruins are the funeral pyre of thirty thou
mnfl. not one of whom lived long enough
to tell adequately the story that will
stand grim, awful, unforgotten. as that of
Herculaneum, when the world Is older by
a. thousand years. St. Pierre Is as dead
as Pompeii. If men can be found with
hearts stout enough to build again be
neath the steaming maw of old Pelee a
rew city can rise only on the ruins of the
old. St. Pierre Is not only dead, but
buried. Most of her people lie fathoms
*eep in a tomb made in the twinkling of
an eye by the collapse of their homes and
sealed forever under tons of boiling mud,
avalanches of scoria and a hurricane of
volcanic dust. Above the miles of piled
debris rise here and there the relics of
her ten thousand homes and commercial
factories, ragged walls, rent, seamed and
seared by fire. Fit monuments they are
to the myriads of dead beneath, who were
victims of the most heartrending calamity
cf .modern times.
ST. PIERRE, May 19, via Herald-
Call dispatch boat M. E. Luck
enbach to San Juan, Porto Rico,
May 20.— St. Pierre to-day Is a
vast charnel house. Skirting for
nearly a league the blue waters
Froin the Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York Herald
Thrilling Story of
Scenes in
K i nn^
1 > mi io*
Later Eruptions
Prevent a
Plague.
Come Around for Shoes.
: Ladies' > and "men's regular $4 shoes , for
$2 15 'at 'the manufacturer's sale: of shoes,"
717 Market street, 1 , near Third. •
. • Tha 1 quickest 'and :"' most ¦ convenient _ way in
and out ' of. the , Yosemite ' Valley la ;by way of
tho Santa Fe. ... If , you 'leave San Francisco to
day at 0 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In. Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p.m. .• : ¦
Call at Santa ,Fe ticket: of flee, '641 Market
street, for Illustrated pamphlet and -full par
ticulars. ¦ .¦¦.••• ¦-¦;• . ¦¦-¦» . • ¦¦
Yosemite Via I the Santa Fc.
¦,The . Governor of Mocha is said to have
been carried j away by the rebels as a
hostage. . d v The . rebels are . being 1 joined • by
numbers of : Turkish - troops/ who are * de
serting.-.'^ \ .'¦'"" "., ' ¦-¦¦¦•
LONDON, May 27.— A dispatch to tfie
Dally Express from Cairo, Egypt, 'says
that a whole bat Allon of Turkish troops
has been annihilated by rebels near the
seaport of ,M7>cha, in the Turkish vilayet
of >Yemeri, ; In the southwestern part \ of
Arabia/;. .:•:: » ¦. • : ¦¦¦'..'¦¦¦.¦.¦ -. ¦
PRETORIA, May 26.— The prevalence
throughout South Africa of the optimistic
feeling in regard to the peace negotiations
is hardly based on solid facts. The pro
traction of the conference at Vereenigning
Is not necessarily a hopeful situation. .
The delegates . to the conference, al
though • they have . abandoned their hope
of securing, independence, still have many
points of difference with the Government,
while an obstinate minority continues. to
regard the resumption of hostilities as
the best outcome of the present situation
and at any moment these points of dif
ference may be accentuated into a refusal
to continue "the negotiations. . •. . ;
It is most unlikely that those .who are '
Whole Battalion Is An
, nihilated Near i3oa
*w: port ; of Mocha.
Minority at Conference
Is Desirous of Con
tinuing War.
: President Castro of Venezuelan has de
ferred the threatened bombardment of the
port ; of ¦ Carupano, ; in the State of Ber
mudez/ arid j which is : now occupied by the
Venezuelan 7 revolutionists, until to-mor
row. ¦¦. : ; • -¦'/ . ; •.'¦:¦.;,¦/, ¦ ¦• ¦ i
W1LLEMSTAD, Curacao, May 26.— A re
liable report has reached here that a new
invasion of .the Venezuelan frontier by
Venezuelan revolutionists is contemplated
and will occur ; . shortly. The Venezuelan
revolutionists who. contemplate this In*
vaslon. are said to have; been assisted- by
the*. Government of Colombia with arms
and , men. >¦ Four, thousand men who will
invade .Venezuelan territory, are said to
have ' assembled- at Cucula, which is situ
ated-In Colombia, but close to the western
frontier of Venezuela.
New Danger Threatens Castro.
REBELS DEFEAT
TURKISH TROOPS
of the difficulties Lord Kitchener has had to
ronteijd with. The Boer leaders are all deeply
impressed with his parsonallty and trust him
Implicitly. ¦•-¦•¦.. ¦
ft Is understood '.that Lord Mllner. the Brll
lsh.Hlgb Commissioner In South Africa, hai
fracefully . admitted that the ' ultimate credit
or .the accomplishment of the great task is
due to Lord . Kitchener. . - «
in favor of peace will throw up the sponge
so long as a decent minority is desirous
of continuing: the struggle, and all these
dissonant elements .must be taken into
account before it is possible to give any
sort of prediction as to the issue of the
present negotiations. -
Forty-six Boers, with their wagons and
cattle, surrendered at Balmoral, ' Trans
vaal, yesterday.
LONDON, May 27.— The Dally Mail this
morning says the Cabinet council to , be
held to-day will decide upon points .of
detail, mostly of a financial. nature, which
have been raised by . the ; Boers in the
peace negotiations. . Great Britain's de
cision in the matter then will be com
municated to the Vereenignlngr conference
by the delegates at Pretoria, says the pa
per, and being the best obtainable terms
they will almost surely be accepted. The
results' should be. announced officially
either Thursday or "Friday of -.this, week,
probably on Friday, the day upon which
King Edward's birth is celebrated. Peace
is quite certain, says the Daily Mail,- and
the delegates at Pretoria are only engaged
in endeavoring to gild the ; pill for the
Vereenlgning conference to swallow. : '
The Daily Mall says -further:
Our dispatches from Pretoria assert 'that
numerous communications I are passing between
Lords Kitchener . and Mllner in South Arflca
and London. Swfc^lS^iMeg
Lord Kitchener, although he-Is stilirfullof
energy, is . much aged in appearance as a re
sult of the severe and continuous strain which
he has undergone. The consensus of opinion Is
that the recent negotiations have proved Lord
Kitchener to be a great diplomatist as well as
a.'zrcat soldier." ' . ¦'.¦•¦ ¦ '. ; '
It 'is hard to" appreciate' ¦ the ' magnitude
BOER STRUGGLE
MAY BE RESUMED
Something of scandal has been attach
ed to the circumstances under which the
chalice of the cathedral was rescued. In
THE CATHBDBAL CHALICE.
From this point the party, with difficul
ties Increasing at every step, pushed far
ther up the steep toward the heart of the
town, into Victor Hugo street. Progress
here was made rather by climbing than
by walking. Through Victor Hugo street
we penetrated to what had been the Cath
edral de Moulloce. Had it been hammered
for a fortnight under the guns of a fleet
of battleships its ruin could hardly have
.been more complete. When Pickett on
the last day of Gettysburg hurled his le
gions in the final assault upon Hancock's
second corps It Was said that over the
ground traversed by that great charge
from Seminary Ridge to the point held
by Webb's Philadelphia brigade a man
might have walked literally upon the bod
ies of the slain. In the Place de Moulloce
of St. Pierre and Immediately surround
ing the cathedral one could hardly see to
pick his way to escape walking upon the
bodies of the dead. It was no exaggera
tion when Consul. Ayrne of Guadeloupe
Bald that the streets of St. Pierre were
paved with the corpses of her citizens.
Seme crude effort there had been made to
destroy by fire the grewsome relics spared
by the original cataclysm, but. the work
had been done all too ineffectiveyl. Fagots
of driftwood piled around and above
heaps of the slain had been fired by ne
groes employed for that purpose, but the
work of cremating was only partly ac
complished. From a sanitary point > of
view it is fortunate for Martinique that
the vast majority of those who died when
her chief city was annihilated are burled
so deep as to need no better sepulcher.
It wms the ripple of gurgUnr water. Trac
lnr It to Its source we found a water
pipe, the nozzle . of which projected
through the shattered wall of a private
dwelling. From it the water, in pure crys
tal plenty, was pouring down and welling
the masses of ashes and cementllke pow
der beneath into a sticky paste. St.
Pierre's streets, with their trickling rivu
lets of mountain water, had been the
pride of hej- citizens. Through all the
blast of fire the remnant . of her water
system', at least, had survived. One of
the party had approached the trickling
water to lave from his hands and face
the choking accumulation of dust. As he
did so he stepped back and paused. Di
rectly below where the water fell lay
huddled the grizzled remnants of a dead
family.
the first- party to penetrate within the
cathedral, walls waa Captain Dubury, a
British army officer. In command of a de
tachment of artillery ¦ at Barbadoes. Cap
tain Dubury, himself a devout Catholic,
iu • prodding about ¦ the • debris of j the
cathedral, found the sacred vessel, and
an intimate friend of his whom I saw
last night is authority 'for the statement
that the wafer was found intact though
baked to a hardened mass. Not' in the
ecoffing spirit of a curio hunter, but rev
erently and devoutly. Captain Dubury
took the chalice and bore it to Barbadoes,
intending to transfer it into the custody
cf priests of . the Catholic church with
whom -he was well acquainted. The facts
became known in Fort de .France \ and
French residents, resenting the action
of a foreign army, officer Intruding into
the sacred places of their dead city,
started the story that Captain Dubury
had engaged in looting. In Fort de
France the story has now become a pub
lic scandal, and there is open, gossip of
a possible military court of inquiry to In
vestigate Captain Dubury's action at the
request of French authorities of the
colony. .
Though many ghouls have already
prowled through the catacomba of tho
ruined city, St. Pierre presents a profit
able field for the would-be looter. It
would have been easy for any member
of the Herald-Call party during the hours
while they were tramping over the en
tombed town to have tilled baskets with
sliver spoons, coins, ear-rings, finger
rings. Jewelry and knick-knacks of all
kinds, many of them • of intrinsic value
and others of interest solely as souvenirs
In the ruins of every house of the bet
ter residential quarters might have been
picked up scores of such trinkets. Loot
ers had entered the town the moment its
streets nad sufficiently cooled to make
that possible. - They were busily at work
there when the United States steamship
Potomac, which arrived nearly a week
ago, ran into the harbor. The naval of
ficers placed under arrest a party of one
white man and five- negroes who were
found' burdened with loot. Their only
explanation was that they were endeav
oring to recover the property of relatives
¦who had been killed In the disaster. The
Potomac transferred her prisoners to the
captain of the French battleship Suchet
but they seemingly attached little im
portance to the matter and set them
free> ' v : - . •
DEADLYWAVB OF HEAT.
Awful Force Sent. Forth From Mont
>V^';'^ : - •• ¦ .Pelee.' :
From the • SDecial CorreBDOndent of The' Call
and New York Herald. .
FORT DE FRANCE, May 18, via Her-
Work of Cremation Is Not Completed
by the Frightened, Negroes.-
L THE SAN FRANCISCO { CALL, TUESDAY, MAT 2T; 1902.
Awful Conditions
Are Described
in Detail.
3
DB. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
; !?^[ Two mm '
( l^^7 JrJrc? g^
In marriage only when there is equality
of health as vrdl as affection. Affection
may be the basis of unity in marriage,
but the superstructure depends largely
on the womanly health. When the wile
Is tormented with backache, distressed
by headache, and racked by nervous-
ness, she has no ambition for exercise or
pleasure.
Doctor Pierce's Favorite Prescription
snakes weak women strong and sick
women well. It cures headache, back-
•che, and other womanly ills by curing
the diseases of the womanly organism
¦which cause them. It establishes regu-
larity, dries weakening drains, heals in-
flammation and ulceration and cures
female weakness.
Weak and sick women are invited to
consult Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All
correspondence is held as strictly private
end sacredly confidential. Address Dr.
TL. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
The dealer who offers a substitute for
"Favorite Prescription'' does so to gain
the^little more profit paid on the sale . of
less meritorious medicines. His profit is
your loss, therefore accept no substitute.
«My wife commenced to complain twenty
years apo," writes Lewis A. Miller, ex-Chief of
Police, 53 Prospect Street, Weis*,port. Pa. <We
have tned the skill of twelTe different doctors.
6he took gallon* of medicine during the time
she was ill, until I wrote to you and you told us
what to da She has taken eight bottles of Dr.
Pierce's Favorite Prescription and six of the
?Golden Medical Discovery.' she can' do her
own work now and can walk around again and
is quite smart.
¦ You can publish this letter if you wish. We
have received such benefit that we wish every
eufferer could derive the same amount of good.
My wife's complaint seemed to be a complica-
tion of diseases— so the doctors said. We will,
ever remain your friends. May God bless you
mssd your Institute."
Dr. Pierce's Pellets are the most desir-
tble laxative for delicate women.
The ti rst xiiiS
moi\ey gg|||f
The first step toward saving money is
economy; but there are two kinds of economy — :
going without that which you want and always
getting ' your money's worth when you buy
anything. )
Tour clothing bill is quite an item in your
expenses. It is easy to reduce it if you get what
< you pay for. N
So much for. theory/ Now for facts.
Our $io made-to-order suits are worth
every cent of the price; taking other clothing as
a basis they are worth more than the price, for
¦ ''! you have paid $12.50 many a time for a suit no
S; better than one of ours at $10.
You wcu'd be convinced were you to order j
a suit-. But to convince you now we say: If
you are not entirely sati5tled with the suit you
can have your money back; ifycu choose to keep
the suit we will make any necessary repairs on it
free of charge for a year.
Anyway, why rot c ill and secure some .
samples of the maieiiab; that would be one step
toward economy.; ¦
Suits for out-of-town customers satisfactorily made through j
• our self-measuring system — write for samples.
7.18 Market St. and
Cop; Powell and Eddy Streets. pWASHINGTON, May 26.— The House
devoted ; to-day to business connected
with the District of Columbia, and took
a recess until 11 a. m. to-morrow to com
plete the bill in order, to .amend the Dis
trict code.
House Considers District Bill.
WASHINGTON. May 26.— Senator Quay
to-day introduced a bill providing for the
promotion of Major General Brooke, a
senior major general of the army, to the
rank of lieutenant general and for the
general's retirement with that rank.
To Promote General Brooke.
/WASHINGTON. May 2«.-Secretary
Root to-day, asrreeable to his promise,
sent to the Senate a further mass of In
formation respecting the army transport
service,, based on. mail .report a of officers
stationed- outside, of Washington. Be
cause of the magnitude of the task, the
Secretary, finds himself unable to sub
mit itemized vouchers for each expendi
ture, but the figures produced show that
the total cost of the transport repair ser
vice to date is $9,936,001.
His Figures Show That Repairs. Cost
Government Nearly Ten Million
Dollars.
BOOT FILES A REPpItT
ON TBAKSPOBT SERVICE
After remarks by Hoar upon the con
stitutional feature the matter went over.
Culberson of Texas presented and had
read an account of a lynching in Kansas,
saying that he wanted it shown that the
crime of lynching was confined to no
State or section. He hoped that the New
Hampshire Senator would not single out
his State when he wanted to bring such
matters before the Senate.
"There can be objection," said Bailey,
"to a report from the Judiciary Commit
tee on the subject, because I am sure
there can be but one conclusion reached
by that committee. But if in the course
of its investigations it should undertake
to . parade before the country all the
lynchings and burnings that have oc
curred in any section over a nameless of
fense, and all the murders of women and
children and all the abductions -which
have occurred in other sections of the
country, the only result. It seems to me,
would be to make us think less of our
selves as a people and as a nation, and I
have little disposition to Indulge in that
pastime myself."
WASHINGTON, May 26.— In the Senate
to-day Gallinger of New Hampshire of
fered a resolution providing that the
Judiciary Commttee of the Senate should
make an Investigation Into the subject of
lynchings In the United States with the
view of ascertaining If there Is any rem
edy for them.
Gallinger said he Introduced the resolu
tion in full view of the fact that he might
be charged with precipitating a sectional
controversy, but nothing was further
from his thoughts. He said lynchings
were not confined to the South. Horrible
cases had occurred In the North, and
white men as well as blacks had been the
victims. During the past ten years 26^5
lynchings had occurred in the Lmtted
States. If the strong arm of the law could
prevent such occurrences he deemed it
wise to do so. He read the account or
the negro burning in Texas a few days
ago. He said history did not furnish a
more fiendish Instance of mob wrath, and
Fox's "Book of Martyrs" was tame in
comparison. The whole wretched busi
ness, he said, was a disgrace to American
manhood, in the light of which the al
leged atrocities in the Philippines paled
into Insignificance. The Spanish inquisi
tion did not furnish a case exceeding that
one In inhumanity. He apprehended that
it would be said that the Federal Govern
ment was powerless and that the States
had exclusive jurisdiction. If so the
American people desired to know it. '
Bailey of Texas said he had no Idea of
being drawn Into any sectional controver
sy by the Senator from New Hampshire,
and he would be willing to have the peo
ple judge the men who perpetrated such
outrages. ! He desired, however, to dis
cuss the question whether the Govern
ment had the right to go Into the several
States and take charge of the peace* and
good order. He asked therefore that the
resolution go over.
Disgrace, to American
Manhocd.
Says Wretched Business Is a
Gallinger Would Have
Senate Make an In- .
vestigation.
GIVES FIGURES
ON LYNCHINGS
THE SA1ST FRANCISGO CALL, TUESDA:Y} MAY -*27, 1902; "I
WASHINGTON, May 26.— Mrs. Roose
velt, accompanied by the children, 'will
leave here on the Dolphin June 8 for Oys
ter Bay. After getting the family settled
Mrs. Roosevelt will return to Washington
and remain with the President until th»
adjournment of Congress.
Going to Oyster Bay.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Are jUade in the
J?ostal Service and Hew Pen
sions Are Granted.
WASHINGTON, I>. C. May 2G.—Post
masters commissioned— California: Bern
hard Hellfron. Nicaslo. Washington:
Forest W. France, Buckley. Appointed-
Washington: Harrison Fuller, Salkum,
Lewis County, vice H. S. Mumford, re
signed. .
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— War with Spain,
Frank E. "Woodward, San Francisco, 117.
Increase— Elijah W. Fuller, Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12; George Ellis. San
Jose, $10; Ephraim H. Pray, San Fran
cisco, $10; Frederick C. Bowers, Veterans'
Home. Napa. $10; Oliver A. Whitney, Gil
roy, $12; James Cormican, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $12: Francis M. See, Sol
diers' Home. Napa, $12; Jacob Roger3,
Bead, Downievllle. $12.
Oregon— Increase— Daniel E. Jones, Cen
tral Point, $10.
Washington— Lather Scott. Auburn, $12;
Andrew J. Foster. North Bend, $10; Wid
ows—Cynthia A. Merritt, Olympia, $3; Ha
ria Shropshire. South Bend. $8.
If this convention should be adopted not only
would delay attend the progress of the canal,
but the United States would assume obligations
to the world that it would be impossible to
keep and relations with Colombia that will de
prive the canal of all valuo to the United
States and will make It a cause of Irritation
that must Involve the most serious conse
quence:.
Colombia Is anxious to get rid of the Pan
ama Canal Company without giving offense to
France, so that she can seize and possess all
the plant of the canal company, all the lands
and houses It owns In Panama, including tha
great hospital, the machine shops and wharvoj
at Colon, all the vast machinery in use by tha
Panama Canal Company, the hospitals and
other houses, the palace built for De Lssseps
and his sons and become the owner of It all.
along with the Panama Railroad Company.
TJie report adds:
It is charged that Colombia does not
by her protocol propose fro sell us tha
Panama canal and railroad property free
of all existing claims, concessions ar.d
incumbrances, but leaves us to work out
a title with the Panama Company.
The report discusses at length the pro
tocols with Colombia and Nicaragua and
Costa Rica, and It states incidentally that
former Colombian Minister Silva was in
vited to appear before tbe committee, but
declined to do so. Of the agreements with
Costa Rica and Nicaragua it is said that
"they are definite and complete as to ths
character and scope of the rights they
have agreed to concede to the United
States." and it is argued that if they are
ratified nothing will be left to do but to
carry the agreement into effect.
Colombia, on the other hand, is charged
with playing for delay, and it is stated
that "to hold Colombia to her present
offer It Is necessary, under article $7, that
ratifications shall be exchanged within
eight months of its date, and the practi
cal impossibility of concluding all tha
necessary arrangements provided for \n
her proposition within eight moatha
that her most earnest purpose is to
cause delay."
WASHINGTON, May 26.— Senator Mor
gan from the Committee on Isthmian
Canals to-day submitted to the Senate the
adverse report of that committee on Sen
ator Hoar's bill placing: the selection of a
route for an isthmian canal In the hands
of the President. The committee opposed
the bill on the ground that it makes no
provision for further exploration of routes
i and leaves the President to make a selec
tion on the statement of facts already
ascertained. It la contended that "how
ever safely the country may rely on tha
wisdom and just discretion of the execu
•tlve, the policy Is not wise nor safe as a
rule of government."
Members Object to Having
the President Select
the Route.
Isthmian Canal Commit
tee Firmly Opposes
the Measure.
ADVERSE REPORT
ON HOAR'S BILL
The Alumnae of the Sacred. Heart held
a meeting in the Assembly/Hall of the
convent on Sunday, last .for the purpose
of electing '; officers and adopting a con
stitution and by-laws. The . following
were elected: j Miss Mary L. Nolan, pres
ident; Miss Agnes Fitzpatrick, vice presi
dent; Miss Mary ; C.- Robinson, secretary,
and Mtsa • Kathleen' ; Leahy. . A -board of
directors " was ; also chosen consisting of
Mlss^ Murphy, I Miss M. Mulcare, Miss L;
Ryan, Miss Cadogan. Miss E. Drady,
Miss C. Nolan and Miss N~ Convery.
Alumnae Elect Officers.
E. T. Erlckson reported to the. police
yesterday that he had been defrauded of
?20. On May 17. he" answered an advertise
ment offering 65 cents. an hour for.; labor
ers at Nome, and was told by the adver
tiser that he 1 would have to j $20
for ' fare, the sum" to be refunded -when
he reached his destination! * The alleged
agent signed the name of Stain, Ward &
Co. to the agreement. ...When -Erickson
reached 'Portland he ., found no . boat
awaiting him and could. not locate, a firm
of that name. , It is thought the. swindle
ha* been worked extensively. - ¦¦¦¦:¦
Offers Good Wages in Bad Faith.
Opening •;* service. President Lilly Dunn;
presentation of flag by the color guard; music
and song, "Guard the Flag"; prayer, -Rev.
William ,Rader; reading of memorial letter,
Chaplain ; Mrs. M. Finch; song, ''Beyond the
Gates of Paradise," Mrs. Turney; address,- Rev.
William Rader; song, "The Holy . City," Miss
Pullen; remarks. Comrade Roberts; guitar solo,
"The Speedway," Hattie and Hazel Durham;
original poem, Mrs. Armstrong ; song, "Sleep,
(Wmrade, Sleep," Mrs. Daisy Williams; reci
tation, "Custer's Last Charge," Miss E.- May
McFarland; piano selection*, Mr. Dorsey; reci
tation. Past President Angle Ayers; «ong; clos
ing, "America"; taps, Mr. Ames, a veteran of
the Civil and Spanish wars.
The memorial services of Seven Pines
Circle, Ladles .of the Grand Army of th»:
Republic, in Pioneer building last . night
was attended by many ladles and gentle
men. It was most Impressive anfl wa3 In
memory of Mesdames Steinegar,- Whtte
sldesv and Ross. The following Was ¦ tha
programme: ... . ¦
Seven Pines Memorial.
IIELDING ERRORS LOSE
GAME FOR BALTIMORES
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST. LOUIS. May 26.— St. Louis closed fast
to-day, but was one run behind Chicago when
the game was over. Chance, after lining out a
triple in the first inning, scoring two runs, was
retired In fayor of Kaboe. Attendance* i200.
-Score :
r: h. e.
St. Louis 4 . . 8 1
Chicago .5 10 4
Batteries — Yerkes, Murphy and O'Neill;
Menefee, Chance and Kahoe. Umpire — O'Day.
PITTSBURG, May 26.— The Pittsburg-Phila
delphia game was postponed owing to rain.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
BALTIMORE, May 26. — Fielding errors
caused Baltimore's defeat to-day by Chicago.
Kelly received notice to-day of Indefinite sus
pension. Attendance 3C35. Score: ,
R. H. eJ.
Baltimore 3 7 6
Chicago .: i 8 12 1
BatUrles— Howell and Roblnso.n; Garvin and
McFarland. • . ' : . .
PHILADELPHIA, May 26.— Detroit played
a hard up-hill game to-day and a batting rally
In the last Inning almost «nabled the vislters to
tie the score. Attendance 2-180. Score: J ;
R. H. E.
Detroit . ". 6 • 13 4
Philadelphia :..¦'. .8 9 • 3
Batteries^ — Miller and McGulre; Wlltse and
Powers.
BOSTON. May 26.— St. LouIb outplayed Bos
ton In every respect to-day.. A running catch
by Stahl and Powell's pitching were the fea
tures. Attendance 3841. The score:
R. H. E.
Boston ...¦ 0 4 3
St. Louis 3 8 0
Batteries — Dlneen and Warner; Powell and
Sugden..
WASHINGTON. May 26. — Cleveland, • by
making a couple of opportune hits in the first
Inning, won to-day's game from Washington.
Wright pitched good ball until the ninth In
ning, when he gave way to Moore. Attend
ance 3115. Tbe score: , ,
R. H. E.
Washington 3 8 l
Cleveland 6 9 0
Batteries — Orth and Clark; Wright, Moore
and Bemle. • •
• > :. WESTERN. LEAGUE.
OMAHA. Neb. — Omaha 8, Colorado Springs 0
KANSAS CITY— Kansas City 6, Milwau
kee 3.
ST. JOSEPH— St. Joseph 8.. Peoria C.
DES MOINES — Des Molnes t, Denver 6. .
The Memorial day committee met last
night in the California Hotel to make ar
rangements to fittingly commemorate on
Decoration day the lives and deeds of
those heroes who so valiantly fought that
this nation might live or who assisted in
securing its triumph over foreign foes.
The committee has planned a grand pa
rade along Market street on the morning
of Memorial day and for appropriate ser
vices at the graves of the dead soldiers,
both in the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, and
the National Cemetery at the Presidio.
Hugh T. Sifhe has been selected grand
marshal. His aids are to be selected from
the various Grand Army posts. The com
mittee reported last night that plenty of
music had been secured for the parade,
which will be, as in former years, entire
ly of a military character. . A splendid
programme has been completed for the
exercises, which are to be held In Metro
politan Temple in the evening.
The committee requests that all the
people who can do so will send flowers to
Metropolitan Temple on Thursday. These
flowers will be arranged in wreaths and
bouquets and will be \ taken out to the
cemeteries on Memorial day. '
LIST OF PARTICIPANTS.
The following organizations will partic
ipate in the parade or ip. the services: .
Veterans of- the Mexican War; Lincoln Post
No. 1, O A. R. ; George H. Thomas Post No.
2, James A. Garneld Post No. 3, Colonel Cass
Post No. 46, General George G. Meade . Post
No. 48, United States Army, United,. States
Navy, National Guard California, Naval Mili
tia, Colonel Long Garrison 101, A. & N. U. ;
Cfiptain Rhinehold Rlchter Camp. S. A. W..
Veterans; Woman's Relief Corps — Lincoln 'No.
3 Garfleld No. 21, Meade No. 61; Ladles of the
Grand Army — Seven Pines Circle No. 3. >
Morning programme, National Ceme
tery, Presidio: ; .
Firing minute guns, United States artillery;
music, band. United States army; called to
order by the marshal; remarks by chairman of
the day. Comrade John H. Roberts, adjutant
George H. Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. . R. ; in
vocation. Rev. W. W. Case, presiding elder,
Methodist Episcopal church; .vocal, "AH Honor
to the Soldiers" (Boleldleu)," California Quar
tet, C. L. Getting (first tenor), W. E. Smith
(second tenor), C. L. Gage (first bass) -and C.
L. Parent (second bass); Lincoln's "Gettysburg
Address," Comrade Selden Sturges, s. V. com
mander Geo. H % Thomas Post No. 2, G. A. R.;
music, selection, United States army band;
oration, Hon.' A. J. Buckles, past department
commander, G. A. R.; vocal, "Peace, be Still!"
ST. PAUL, Minn.. May 26.— Otto Zieloff
of Chicago to-night knocked out *Axt
Sim* of Akron, O., In the eighth round of
what was to have been a ten-round con
test.
His grace felt that something would be
wanting If. he- did not come,- year after
year on this occasion, to give words of
encouragement to the young people ¦ and
express his 'sincere appreciation of the
work done. Education must be. secular
and it must be religious, the two .going
hand in hand. "For.it is a better thing
to be good than to be great," he said,
vln termination Archbishop Riordan said:
"I wish these boys a 'long and virtuous
life.' They go out into the unknown.
They go forth with the great blessing of
the church upon them." •
At the termination of the distribution
his grace. Most Reverend P. W. Riordan,
said he could not permit the large audi
ence to disperse without words of con
gratulation to the directors of the Sacred
Heart College for 1 the splendid achieve
ments of the last year. ' A teacher's work
was full of trials and worries, and he
considered a great debt of gratitude was
owing to them for the immense benefits
they were conferring on the church.
Certificates — Attillo F. Peseta, Edward A.
O'Dea, . John C. Driscoll, Stephen .F. . Barron,
Thomas J. Bailey, Joseph E. Derham, Roy H.
Curran, John J. Murphy. George L. McCarthy,
Anthony A- Qulnn, John E. Bohm. Robert D.
White, John F. Brady, William T. Donohue,
Edward R. Doherty, Homier V. Rlppon, Joseph
A, Cresalla, Joseph A. DuFosee.
Diplomas — Daniel G. Conway, Vincent C.
Derham, Jeremiah T. Regan, • William A.
Dunne. John E. Duff, Edward S. Drakenf eld,
Francis L. Ruscelli, Andrew F. Burke, Thomas
J. Trodden, James F. McCue, William i E.
O'Shea. George J. OUva, Armando V. Brusco,
Eugene P. Roche. .
Gold' medals presented by friends of the coi
lege — Andrew. F. Burke, second collegiate class;
John C. Driscoll. third collegiate class; Harold
P. Agmar, fourth collegiate . class.
ENGLISH COMPOSITION.
Gold medals presented by Very Rev, J. J.
Prendergast, V. G. — Joseph. E.' Derham, third
collegiate class; James J. 'Walsh, fourth col
legtate class; John E. Duff, commercial class.
Gold medals presented by. friends of the col
lege — Thomas M. Walsh, . first •¦ Intermediate
class; William E. Ryan. - second intermediate
class; Andrew H. Armstrong, third -Inter
mediate class; William D. Byrne, fourth inter
mediate class; .Hugh McAvoy, first prepara
tory class.'
Gold medal presented by . his. Grace, Most
Rev. P. W. Riordan — Andrew F. Burke, second
collegiate class.
CHRISTIAN DOCTRINE.
On completion of the programme the
diplomas, certificates and medals were
awarded to the following: named:
(a) "Pickaninny Christening" (Wiley), (b)
"Amoureuse Valse Tres I^ente" (R. Berger),
under the direction of Professor Karl Schern
stein; essay. "The Last of the Redmen,". Jere
miah T. Regan; "Be Happy To-night, Good
Neighbors"' (White), choir; essay, -."American
Humor," 'Andrew F. Burke; "Dreaming, of
Home and Mother" . (Ordway), Soloist John.-D.
Laydon: essay, "Leo XIII," Vincent C Der
ham; "Les Sylphes"' (Bachman). J J. C. Drls
coll, ;H. • V. • Rlppon ; essay, "The American
Citizen,"- James F. McCue; fantasie from "Er
nanl." F. W. McAJeer, A. Quilici, O. J. Oltva.
E...Telchner, J. C. IJriscoll;. essay,' "Anarchy;"
Thomas J. Trodden; "The Farmer and His
Boys" (White), College Choir; essay. "Our
Flag." Daniel G. Conway; "Carry Me Back to
Ole. Vlrginny," College Choir.' .'
Metropolitan Hall was packed last night
by friends and relatives who had come to
listen to the oratorical efforts of those
graduating from the Sacred Heart Col
lege and to witness the presentation of
medals, diplomas and certificates by his
grace. Most Reverend P.-W. Riordan, who
in dismissing- the assembly spoke a few
feeling words to the young men about to
go out into the world and gave thanks
to the brothers whose arduous £ask It
had been to bring them to a -state of
efficiency for their battle with life. The
programme consisted of music by the or
chestra, songs by the choir of the Sacred
Heart and. essays by the young men
graduating. The following was the pro
gramme:
SANTA ROSA, May 26.-The opening
baseball of the season was played here
yesterday, resulting in the defeat of the
Heesemans of San Francisco by the Santa
Rosas by a 'score of '5 to 3.
Eeesemans Lose to Santa Rosa.
PUPILS RECEIVE
THEIR DIPLOMAS
MONTEREY, May 26.— A phenomenal
catch of salmon was made here to-day,
fishermen bringing in an aggregate of
£20 salmon, the fish averaging twenty
pounds each. Such a catch in one day
has never before been known here.
Salmon Fishers in Luck.
Henri Greville.
PARIS, May 26.— Henri Grevllle (Alice
Maria Celeste Durand), the French au
thoress, is dead.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., May 26.— The
championship in tennis at Yale has been
won In the doubles by H. A. Plumer, 1902,
of New York, and S. L. Russell, 1903, of
Seattle, who defeated P. C. Condit, 1903,
an.": Reeve Schley, 1903, of New York,
'01 '02. •
Championship in Tennis at Yale.
WILL REMEMBER
NATION'S DEAD
WASHINGTON, May 26.— The
President to-day nominated
Robert S. McCormick of Illi
nois to be Embassador" to
Austria-Hungary. Last year
McCormick was sent as Minister to Aus-
Horace Wilson.- chairman; Hugh T. Slme,
grand marshal: Frank Elliott Myers, secre
tary; T. D. Barnstead. J.' C. Innls. :-C J.
Handley. Charles Edelman. E. W. Woodward,
N P. Chlpman. A, a. Hawes, R. E. Houghton,
Charles L. Field, E S. Salomon, G. W. Ar
buekle. W. J. Ruddick, H. P. Bush. A. - An
drews. S. M. Shortridge. Isaac Upham, A. S.
Isaacs, T. F. Prendergast.
Those who constitute the Memorial day
committee are: . ,. ,
EVENING 1 PROGRAMME.
The programme which has been ar
ranged for the evening exercises at Met
ropolitan Temple Is as follows:
Overture, American, national airs, " Theo.
Moses, Roncovlerl's orchestra; call to order and
Introduction of chairman; remarks by chair
man of the evening, Comrade G. W. Arbuekle;
Invocation. Rev. J. A B. Wilson, pastor How
ard Street M. E. Church; vocal, California
quurtet (C. L. Getting, first tenor; W. E.
Smith, second tenor; C. L. Gage, first bass; C.
L. Parent, second bass); remarks, Hon. Eu
gene E. Schmltz. Mayor of San Francisco;
vocal solo, "My Flag," Mrs. Ellen Coursen-
Roeckel (words by Madge Wallace; music by
JoEf-ph Roeckel); Lincoln's- {'Gettysburg Ad
dress," Joseph G. Crawford, . M.- D., i surgeon
Lincoln Post No. 1.. G. A. R.; vocal solo,
"Star Spangled Banner," Key, Miss. Minnie
Hussey (accompanied by orchestra); oration,
Hon. Samuel M. Shrotrldge;'. vocal duet,
"Mother, Can This the Glory Be?" (Stephen
Glover). Mrs. R. E. Partlngton, Miss Minnie
Hussey (accompaniment. Professor Joseph
Roeckel); music, selection. Roncovlerl's orches
tra; solo, "Freedom, Home and Native Land,"
Adams, California' quartet;- closing hymn,
"America," S. F. Smith, singers, audience and
orchestra; arrangement 'of "Star Spangled
Banner." orchestra, ¦ Ushers: Members I Fair
Oaks Camp,: Sons of Veterans. .-•¦ ; \
Firing minute guns. United States artillery;
music (selection), Roncovlerl's Band; Intro
duction of chairman of the day, Grand Marshal
Slme; Invocation, Comrade J. H. Macomber,
chaplain United States army (retired): remarks
by the chairman of the day. General Edward
S. Salomon, past department commander, G.
A. It. ; vocal, "Rest, Peaceful Rest" (Geibel),
Knickerbocker Male Quartet — Herbert Wilson
first tenor. Dr. R. W, Smith second tenor, D.
B. Crane first bass, L. A. Larsen second bass;
Lincoln's "Gettysburg Address," John D. Glsh,
chaplain Sons of Veterans; music (selection),
Roncovieri's Band; poem (original), "Heroes
Th*n and Now," Mrs. Clara Bell Brown; "The
Nation's Dead," scholars James Lick Grammar
School, with band accompaniment — Memorial
ode, words .by Comrade W. W. Stone, music
by Frank G. Rohner; oration, Hon. D. E. Mc-
Kir.lay; vocal. "The Heroes Who Sleep" (Por
ter), Knickerbocker Quartet; firing volleys over
comrades' graves, Lincoln Post firing party
(strewing of floral tributes); closing, "Amer
ica," band and audience; taps. , '
FIRING OF MINUTE GTJNS.
Morning programme, Odd Fellows' Cem
etery: "
(Macy), California quartet:- music, selection,
United States army ;band; firing , volleys over
soldiers' graves, \detail JJpitecl States troops;
strewing floral .tributes; taps, : bugler United
States army. . • y S-..'--/ • ¦;¦:. v ,-• ¦ : -¦;-
Colonel Oscar F. Long Garrison No. 101,
Regular Army Navy Union, will hold'
services at their monument after conclusion of
above exercises. • : . ;
Artillery, second lieutenants— Sergeant
Emmett N. Harrls.'Troop L\ Eighth Cav
alry; Frank Geere," Wyoming, Nelson E.
Margetts, Utah; Frederick E. Glgnoux,
Nevada. .. ¦¦ ;¦/ . ; ' f
Cavalry, second > lieutenant— Claire G.
Bennett, Washington..
Referee Stops the Fight.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.. May 26.— In a
cne-slded contest Tommy Ryan was
given the decision over Jimmy Handler
of New York in this city to-night in the
fourth round in what was scheduled as a
ten-round bout. Handley was in a pitiful
condition when the referee stopped the
fight. He had been knocked down four
times in the round and was scarcely able
to stand, and Ryan looked appealingly To
the referee, being unwilling to slaughter
Handler. Handler was assisted from tEe
rinar.
tria and Hungary. The raising: of Mc-
Cormick to the rank of Embassador is in
consequence of Emperor Francis Joseph's
representative here being elevated to an
Embassador.
The President also sent the following
nominations to the Senate: Chandler Hale
of Maine, secretary of the embassy, at
Vienna; George B. River/ New Jersey,
. second secretary of the embassy at
Vienna; Charles Richardson, Massachu
setts, secretary of the embassy at Berlin.
George A. McKenzie, receiver of public
money, Stockton, Cal.
Assistant surgeon Marine Hospital ser
vice to be passed assistant surgeons-
Samuel B. Grubbs, Ne.w York; John Mc-
Mullen, Maryland. ( . '. ¦
NOTED ,- DIPLOMAT WHO HAS
BEENr NOMINATED AS EMBAS
SABOR TO AUSTRIA -HUNGARY."
Sixth race, mile and a quarter — Farmer Ben
nett won. Ben Chance second. Miss Liza third.
Time. 2:31. •___
Fourth race, five furlongs, the Vernal stakes
— Salvable won. Stemwinder second, Sidney C.
Love third. Time. 1:02$.
Fifth race, one mile — Articulate won, Boney
Boy second, Lticlen Appleby third. Time,
l:42tf.
Third race, steeplechase, short course — Mc-
Laren won. Sardonic second, Henry Glbbs
third. Time. 3:15Vi. • '
Second race, one mile — Last Night won, Em
athion second. Matin Bell third. Time, 1:45%.
Fifth race, elx furlongs— Hlmtlne won, Semi
colon second. Jake Weber third. Time. 1:14V4.
Sixth race, seven forlongs, selling — Lyror
Bell won, Frank Pearce second. Precisely
third. Time, 1:29}$.
CHICAGO. May 26.— Hawthorne results:"
First race, elx furlongs — Doublet won. Ice
King second. Harney third. Time. 1:16%.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Lady Strathmore won. Alice Turner second,
Huntressa third. Time. 1:45^4.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, selling
— Gallantrie won, Herodes second, Lou Hazen
third. Time, 1:09%.
Second . race, one and an eighth miles, sell
ing—Kenova won, Kdna Rlley second, George
Leo third. Time. 1:54.
First race, four and a half furlongs, selling —
Malteoferln won. Grand Shot second. Easy
Trad* third. Time, :55ft.
ST. LOUIS. May 26. — Fairgrounds results:
Sixth race, maiden 2-year-olds, five fur
longs—Wild Thyme won. Brimstone second,
Clncinnatus third. Time, 1:02.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles — Hy
phen won, Hermis second, Lizzie McCarthy
third. Time, 1:46 2-5.
Fourth race, the Patchouge stakes, about
six furlongs — Cameron won Brunswick second,
Flying Buttress third. Time. 1:10.
.Second race, handicap, one mile and a-fur
long — Contend won. Ethics second, Kamara
third. Time. 1:52.
Third race, five furlongs — Plater won, Mamie
Worth second. Our Nugget third, lime,
1:011-5.
NEW YORK. May 26. — Gravesend summary :
First race, about six furlongs, selling — Gra
den won, Snark second. Jim Tully third. Time.
1:10 2-5.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Sheriff Bell won.
Rosarco second. Burlap third. Time. 1-.O3V4-
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Drummond
won. Chorus Boy second, Audlppone third.
Time. 1:43.
Fourth race, the Latonia Derby, net value
$4000; one mile and a half — Harry New.. 114
(Otis). 5 to 1. won: South Trimble. 114 (Bu
chanan). 4 to 5. second: Martin Burke -110 (J.
Ransch), coupled with South Trimble, third.
Time. 2:38%. Abe Frank also ran.
Third race, five furlongs — Lura Lighter won,
Deborah second. Nancy Blake third. Time.
1:03%.
CINCINNATI, O.. May 26.— Harry New,
from the stable of O. R. Ellison, won the
Latonia Derby to-day in easy fashion be
fore a crowd of 10,000 people. South
Trimble, favorite in the betting, coupled
with Martin Burke, as an entry, finished
second, with his stable companion third.
Abe Frank, the only other starter, finished
a poor last. The closing price on the win
ner was 5 to 1, although at one time dur
ing the betting he was as . good as 9 to
1. There was a big play on Henry New
and all the books quit loser on tbe race.
The Derby was devoid of any sensational
features. Otis, who rode the winner, al
lowed his mount to lag along In third
place until the stretch was reached, and
with a little urging the colt came away
from, the others and won by five open
lengths. South Trimble landed the place
handily. Abe Frank made a bid for the
money at the head of the stretch, but the
heavy impost seemed to tell on his speed
and he dropped back steadily at the end.
Summary:
First race, six furlongs— Death won. Jack
Rattlin second, Foneda third. Time. 1:15*4.
Second race, one mile, selling — Jena won,
Nels Morris second. Masterful third. Time,
The distinguished members of the Rocham
beau mission appointed to represent the re
public of France at the unveiling in Washing
ton of the statue of the Count de Rochambeau,
our Revolutionary ally, will arrive in New
York on the afternoon of Tuesday, May 27, at
3:30 and will remain here until Thursday night.
May 29. During this interval citizens are asked
to display their flags freely in courteous recog
nition of the visit of the nation's guests, who
ar« themselves so heartily welcomed to New
York.
NEW YORK, May 26.— The French bat
tleship Gaulois, which brought the French
mission to attend the unveiling of the
Rochambeau monument at Washington,
arrived here to-day from Annapolis. The
United States battleships Kearsarge. and
Alabama and the cruiser Olympla, which
were accompanying the Gaulois, arrived
thirty minutes later. ,
The Gaulois exchanged salutes with the
fort on Governors Island as she steamed
up North River to an anchorage off
Thirty-fourth street. Shortly after reach-
Ing there at 1 o'clock a party of French
visitors from the battleship boarded the
United States dispatch boat Dolphin and
went to West Point.
Mayor Lowe issued the following proc
lamation to-day:
The party spent two hours driving
through the park on the American side
and across the bridge - to the Canadian
side. • At Table Rock they left their car
riages and walked about for a half-hour.
They then returned directly to the special
train and took luncheon in the dining
car. ¦ At 1:15 two special cars of the
Niagara Gorge Railroad were brought up
to the . station, and nearly every member
of the party occupied them for a Journey
through the picturesque gorge.
> ,The first atop was made at the whirl
pool: rapids. A quick run was made to
Lewlston and across the new bridge into
British territory again. The military men
were interested in the details of the bat
tlo of Queenston Heights, which was re
lated to them during a stop at the monu
ment which marks the spot where the
British general. Brock, fell.
The cars then proceeded slowly along
the Canadian side of the gorge on the
Canadian Scenic Railroad 1 to the. upper
steel bridge, crossed the bridge and ar
rived at this station at 3:45.
- Just before the departure of the train
for the East a bevy of girls dressed in
white presented to Countess de Rocham
beau a large bouquet of flowers sent by
the sisters and pupils of the Sisters of
Mercy Convent. •
, The Count and Countess de Rocham
beau came to the rear platform of the
last car as the train departed and re
mained there until the train disappeared.
NIAGARA FALLS/ N. Y. f May 26.— The
members. of the French .mission who par
ticipated j-in the -ceremonies incident to
the unveiling of the statue of Count de
Rochambeau at arrived at
Niagara Falls this morning. Besides the
members of the" mission and the families
of Lafayette and Rochambeau there were
In: the" party . • Embassador Cambon,
Madame Cambon, members of the staff
of the French embassy and the Presi
dent's commission.
Fitzsimmons began light training at
Skaggs yesterday. He took a Jog over the
hills in the morning, and In the afternoon
he worked in the gymnasium that has
been fitted up for his benefit.
George Gardner, the middle-weight box
er, is very sore on Jack Root. Gardner
says that Root is too timid to meet him
in a finish fight. George claims that he
can fight better when the bout is for an
unlimited number of rounds. Since Root
declines to meet him in Nevada on July 4
Gardner is willing to take on "Kid" Mc-
Coy. Negotiations are now pending for
the match.
Jeffries intended leaving yesterday for
Harbin Springs, but missed his train. He
will make another try this morning. Joe
Kennedy will very likely join him at the
•prings in a few days. Bob Armstrong Is
in demand. Fitz wants him and Jeff
thinks he has first call on his services.
Neither man has succeeded in reaching
the dusky pugilist.
Jeffries said yesterday that If he defeats
Fitzsimmons he will take on Jim Corbett
in September. Harry Corbett broached the
eubject to Jeffries last Sunday night. Jeff
expressed his willingness to meet Corbett
and Harry immediately notified his
brother.
The two men are in eplendid shape.
They have been in training for the last
three weeks and are anxiously waiting
for the sound of the gong that will send
them together. Eddie Smith of Oakland
is to referee the contest.
Seats for the Britt-Lavigne contest,
which will be brought off In Woodward's
Pavilion next Thursday night under the
auspices of the San Francisco Athletic
Club, will open at Corbett's this morning.
Manager Alec Greggalns has received nu
merous orders from the country from
sporting men, and local ring-goers have
left requests for choice locations. As
usual, tbe Olympic Club will send a big
delegation to the ringside. Brltt always
fights under the colors of the local club.
The organization is strictly an amateur
one, but Brltt has proven himself Buch a
fair boxer that he was elected a member
•without a dissenting vote.
The betting on the coming contest is 10
to 9. with Britt on the long end. As yet
the wagering is light, but will grow heav
ier as the hour of the contest draws near.
Lavlgne has many friends in this city.
They believe that with his ability to with
stand punishment and deliver hard blows
he will make Jimmy stop before half the
journey Is traveled.
Abe Frank Makes a Bid for
the Money, but Finishes
Fourth,
Jeffries Arrives at Harbin
Springs and Fitz Is at
Skagg3.
Pupils of Convent Present
Bouquet to the Countess^
de Rocnanibeau.
feats South Trimble,
.,; the Favorite.
V* *
Harry New Handily De-
Britt-Lavigne Fight At
tracts Much At
-
tention.
Members of the French
viMission Spend Day
¦ -at the Falls. ¦
OUTSIDER WINS
LATONIA DERBY
SALE OF SEATS
WILL BE LARGE
NATION'S GUESTS
VISIT NIAGARA
United States Promptly, Follows the Ex
ample of Austria-Hungary in Increas
ing the Dignity of Its Representative
McCORMICK IS GIVEN
RANK OF EMBASSADOR
4
Mercury «* Polasii MM
ONLY SERVE AS A MASK FOR reSfCt\®-
CONTAGIOUS BLOOD POISON [ | \ WfAvg
They. hide its repulsive form, and this serpent disease, ITsi 1 \U\\\ A\S
stupefied by these drugs, lies dormant until the effects O&i i H V1\\U^
have worn off or treatment is discontinued, when it *^Vi ¦ ¦ yiwiff^"'*
breaks' down the mask and becomes as full of life and venom as . ever.
.Mercury and Potash may dry up the sores and eruptions, but at the same
time they drive the poison back into the blood and system, where it feeds
upon the" tender tissues, membranes and nerves, finally breaking out in
most disgusting sores and even destroying the flesh and bones.
Mercury and Potash cannot accomplish a radical and permanent cure.
They have a palliative but not curative effect upon this treacherous snake-
like disease. These drugs produce mercurial Rheumatism, destroy the*
teeth and corrode the membranes of the stomach and bowels, causinginflam-
mation and dyspepsia, nervousness and general derangement of the system.
S. S. S. is a Specific for Contagious Blood Poison, and the only antidote
for the peculiar virus that spreads so quickly throughout the system,
corrupting the blood and infecting every organ and fibre of the body. '
S^—^ /<¦— %i JS. S. S. destroys the serpent, and . eliminates
r^^l r<^H every atom of poison from the blood, it makes a
j^^ thorough and radical cure of the disease, and at the
|sjj same time builds up the general health: iS.'S.S.
. ¦ - contains no minerals of any kind, but is a i purely
vegetable remedy and we offer $i ,ooo for proof to the contrary. - - - 1? '
Write us about your case and our physicians; will cheerfully advise
without charge. Our home treatment book will be sent free to all who
desir e it. THE S 0IFT. SPECIFIC PQMPANY. Atlanta. Ga.
The Whiskey that made
The High Ball Famous
" * ¦''¦tK' ~ ~
Baltimore Rye
Fine, Rich Flavor
CHRISTY A WISE COMMISSION CO., Inc.
*223 & 225 California St.. San Francisco Calif.
Teleohone Main S73.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 We perspire a pint a
day without knowing it ;
ought to ; if not, there's
trouble ahead. The ob-
structed skin becomes
sallow or breaks out in
pimples. The trouble goes
deeper, but this is trouble !
enough.
If you use Pears 1 Soap,
no matter how often, the
skin is clear and soft and
open and clear.
Sold all over the world.
A LESSON IN
LAUNDRY WORK
we give to our help, and teach them the '
necessity of care in the laundering of fine
linen, that goes a great way in preserving
the fabrics sent here for renovation. Any-
thing coming from the United States
Laundry will always be found In perfect
condition and beautiful in both color and
finish. No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N.
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 420.
, OaKland Off Ice-54 San Pablo Ave.CAPITOLA, May 26.— The Young
Women's Christian Association
conference came to an end j this
evening and most of the girls will
leave for their homes early In the
morning. The last two gatherings were
the farewell banquet, /which was the
greatest affair of all, and. the closing
evening service, which was extremely Im
pressive. At least 300 young women have
been present and the enthusiasm has kept
pace with the numbers. " ;.,-',
Impressive E veni ng
Service and Fare
well Banquet Held
CHRISTI AN YOUNG WOMEN CONCLUDE
THEIR UNIQUE SESSIONS AT CAPITOLA
YOUNG WOMEN WHO HAVE BEEN
PROMINENT IN THE CONFER
ENCE AT CAPITOLA.
FRESNO, May 26.— George Edwards, a
veterinary surgeon found guilty of Im
moral conduct with young girls, was sen
tenced this morning by Judge "Austin to
confinement In the penitentiary for thirty
years. Jesse Howard, a photographer, ac
cused of a similar crime, was given the
same sentence some weeks ago. '.
Edwards Gets Thirty Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. May 26.— Frederick H.
Ryndge of Boston, whose real estate and
other holdings in Southern California
aggregate several million dollars. in val
ue, is at the head, of a syndicate that
has in view the establishment of a re
sort that will be among the most ex
clusive in the world. A feature of the
proposed enterprise will be a hotel that
will rival the most famous.
It is understood that several capital
ists living in retirement in Pasadena
will be associated with Mr. 'Ryndge in
his new Idea. The scene of the contem
plated enterprise will be Malibu ranch,
the Ryndge place, eighteen miles above
Santa Monica. The estate consists of 22,
000 acres, most of it under cultivation.
The ranch is one of the most productive
in Southern California. Among the own
er's prized possessions on the place is a
herd of 3000 Angora goats.
The Southern Pacific is to extend its
Santa Monica branch to the new resort
and Henry E. Huntington. who. it is said,
will be interested with Ryndge and his
associates, may be induced to construct
his inter-urban line to the new resort.
Malibu is on a direct line to Santa Bar
bara.
LESTER McLACHLAN IS
FOUND IN COLORADO
Youth Who Disappeared From New
Mexico Eanch a Victim of
Brain Fever.
SALINAS, May 26.-Lester McLachlan.
who has been missing for some time, has
been heard from. A letter was received
by Miss Mabel McLachlan from Trinidad,
Colorado, notifying her that her brother
was sick there with brain fever. The
Mayor of the city, who sends this infor
mation, says that Lester has just recov
ered consciousness sufficiently to tell his
name and address. He cannot describe
his wanderings after leaving Lamy, New
Mexico, 700 miles from Trinidad. Mrs.
McLachlan has telegraphed to her hus
band, who will leave at once for Trini
dad.
Young McLachlan disappeared from hl3
father's New Mexico ranch. . He was
thrown from his horse a short time be
fore and It Is believed that hl3 brain
became affected as y-. result of the fall.
Boy May Have Been Lured to Sea.
LOS ANGELES. May 26.— Charlie
Smead, a 13-year-old choir boy of St.
Paul's. Pro-Cathedral, has been miss
ing for three weeks. The only clew
to his whereabouts is hl3 statement,
made the day before he disappeared, that
a captain of a ship had offered to give him
a free trip. From this it is believed that
the boy was lured away to sea. The lad'3
father Is Charles D. Smead, chief clerk
In the Hollenbeck Hotel.
Saf p Is Bobbed and Clerk Disappears.
DENVER, Colo.. May 26.— The safe in
the office of the president of the Colorado
Telephone Company was opened and
looted of $1200 on Saturday night. The
robbery was not discovered until to-day.
Robert L. Huntington, a trusted employe
of the office, la missing.
A banquet and informal social session
followed as a dedication of the new
home.
Jackson Hatch, exalted • ruler; Fred L.
Thomas, esteemed leading knight: Elmer E.
Chase, esteemed loyal knight: John Thomas,
esteemed lecturing knight; George Shedden.
tiler; William Blauer, treasurer; A. J. Mullen,
secretary; C. "W. Knox, trustee. .
Club rooms occupy the front of the
building. They are even richer and more
luxurious than the lodge room. The
billiard and card room Is papered with
red, the lower portion of the wall being
covered with burlap. In one corner there
is a tent-like drapery In which the seal
of the order is shown.-
The reception room is papered with an
exquisite Moorish design, green, gold and
red in color, and of hand-made pattern.
In these rooms the draperies are of the
finest.
In the rear are the dining room and
kitchen, with, closets, cloak room, etc.
At the installation this evening, which
was conducted by District Deputy Rug
srles of 'Stockton, the following were in
ducted into office:
On either side of the esteemed leading
knight is a memorial tablet of marble.
Benches are provided for the members,
instead of chairs. All the furnishings of
the room are In golden oak and leather
covered.
The new home of the Elks is the finest
club rooms in the State and has been
iltted up at the expense of many thou
sands of dollars. Throughout the building
the fittings and furnishings are luxurious
and elegant, and their richness shows
the utmost taste. The lodge room Is said
to be the finest in the State. The walla
for a distance of several feet from the
floor are hnished in green burlap, while
the remaining portion, as well as the
decorated ceiling, is delicately, tinted.
Scores of incandescent lights stud the
ceiling and in the center there is a chan
delier. Opposite the entrance Is the sta
tion of the exalted ruler. A high-back
throne chair in golden oak, on a raised
dais with columns of golden oak on
either side, is reserved for the presiding
office r. On the wall above the chair is
an elk's head, the antlers of which are
tipped with tiny incandescent lights.
Similar antlers but of smaller size are
over the stations of the esteemed leading
knight, the esteemed lecturing knight
and the esteemed loyal knight, the colors
of the lights being red, white and blue.
The altar occupies the center of the
room.
SAN JOSE, May 26.— The San Jose Elk3
have moved into their luxurious new
home in the Stone building at the corner
of Santa Clara and LJghtston streets.
To-night they celebrated the event with
installation of officers and a banquet
and reception. Many prominent Elks
from other j cities attended, among them
being Exalted Ruler Long of San Fran
ci&co and Exalted Ruler Melvin of Oak
land.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Malibu Ranch, Near Santa
Monica, the Proposed
District Deputy Ruggles Con
ducts Installation of
Officers.
Millionaire Ryndge to
Found Exclusive
Colony.
Garden City Herd Takes
Possession of Fine
Quarters.
PLANS SPLENDID
COUNTRY RESORT
SAN JOSE ELKS
OPEN NEW HOME
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 27, 1902.
LOS ANGELES, May 26.— The wife and
relatives of A. G. Hlnckley, an attorney,
whose residence Is at 1952 Lovelace street,
have applied to the police to locate him.
Hinckley has practiced In Los Angeles for
a number of years and Is well known.
About ten days ago he left for San Fran
cisco.- Upon his arrival there he wrote to
Mrs. Hnckley that he was going farther
north in the State to locate a mine, but
he failed to say where this mine was.
Since then nothing has been heard from
him. . \
Los Angeles Attorney Missing.
Four detectives have been working on
the. case, but have been unable to locate
the missing man. There is no reason, so
far as can be learned, for his disappear
ance and his relatives and friends fear
he has been murdered.
BAKERSFIELD, May 26.— Clinton E.
Worden, a druggist of San Francisco, Is
in this city to investigate the disappear
ance of his partner in the Standard Salt
Company, Farrar by name. Farrar Is
the. president of the company, whose
works are located at Salton, -Cal. Re;
cently r he left for Arizona on buslnessl
On May 6 he wired to Worden from Bls
bee and, the reply was receipted for by
him In that town.] Since that time no
word haa come from him and he has
dropped out of sight. He did not return
to his room after receiving the telegram
and his baggage is undisturbed at his
hotel. .
Seeking Trace of Business
, Partner.
Clinton E. Worden of San Francisco
PRESIDENT OF A SALT.
COMPANY DISAPPEARS
To-morrow morning will be taken up
with the alumni meetings and luncheon,
and to-morrow night senior week festivi
ties will close with the promenade con
cert in the quadrangle. On Wednesday
morning degrees will be conferred, and
the new graduates will leave college for
a larger sphere of activity.
Stephenson, v Mrs. Painter, Mrs. Talbot, Mrs.'
Leib, Mrs. Tallant, Mrs. Folsom, Mrs. Gllman,
Mrs. Bacon, Mrs. Wilbur, Mrs. Storey and
Miss Ray. .The ball committee was composed
of Miss E. M. Wheeler, Miss M. V. Martin and
Messrs D. V. Cowden, A. J. Copp Jr., C. E.
Waite, C. W. Sell, F. A. Leib and .R. S.
Fisher, chairman.
Miss Agnes Brown of Stanford toasted
"Our Celebrities," and a quartet sang.
Miss Brown of the San Jose Normal
spoke upon "The Minority," a title used
to designate the two men who have been
present during the conference. The re
malning'numbers of .the programme were
a toast by J. L. Kennedy of San Fran
cisco, a song by a trio; 'The Powers'Be
hind, the .Throne^'' . a toast on -The .Pow
ers that Be," ¦ by Miss 'Louise Linscott, a
Pomona College song and the final toast,
"Capltola," by Miss Helen Wetzell of the
(University of Washington. -
Such a conference as the one that closed
this evening Is unique en this coast and
its influence will extend into thirty-six
college and city associations. The secre
taries will spend some time on the coast
before returning to Chicago.-.
an 'abundance for 300 girls, donated by
Mr. Black of Seattle, who was present
at the opening of the conference; the
second a book of "Songs of Western Col
leges," sent by Mrs. Richard Walton Tul
ly, and the third gift the toastmistress,
Miss Bentley. ¦ •
j STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 26.—
The 1902 senior ball \ was held . to-night in
the large clubroom of Encina Hall, whose
beautif ul decprations bore evidence of the
arrangement committee's '.work. There
were evergreens and flowers in profusion,
and' a goodly showing- of patriotism I in
the American flags that were tastefully
arranged-on the sides and in the corners
of the hall. The class numerals were dis
played in an electric design.
A newand pleasing, feature of this
year's senior ball was the arrangement of
booths, or reception < corners, by the dif
ferent college fraternities. These were
occupied by the fraternity chaperons and
the ladles who were the guests of the fra
ternity men. ' ¦ y
* Dancing began at the very early hour
of 7 o'clock,' In order that the programmes,
which had been 'filled out. for
dances, mightbeflnishedbefore midnighi.
the hour at which Manager Lathrop had
decreed ' that dancing ' must ¦ ¦ cease.- . The
music was supplied by Yanke's orchestra
of San Francisco. The patronesses were :
' ; MraJ^ Jordan." Mrs. Pease. Mrs. ; Bailey. Mrs.
Innovation at the Annual
Function.
Fraternity Men Introduce a Pleasing
STANFORD SENIORS DANCE
IN ENCINA CLUBR00M
Physiology and histology — Frederic Wolcott
Bancroft Denver, Colo.; Fayette Blrtch. San
Jose; Victor Alexander Caglieri, San Francisco;
Elizabeth Proctor Cooper, San Jose ; John
Francis Cowan. Los Angeles; Ada Julia Helne
mann, Los Angeles; Frank Hinman, Palo
Alto; William Armfleld Holt, San Jose; Harry
Leslie Langnecker J New Brighton, Pa. : - James
Le Roy McWethy, Palo Alto; Alexander Grif
fith Page, Palo Alto; Adelaide Lowry Pollock,
Stockton; Ethel Rhodes, San Jose; Gilford
Lyne Sobey, San Francisco; Theodora Waters
Stubbs (A. B. t Nevada University), Reno, Nev.
Zoology — Ruby Green Bell, Palo Alto; John
Samuel Burcham, Palo Alto; Dorothy Hihsdale
Chase, Palo Alto; Florence Ella Durkee, Palo
Alto; Ellen Mathews, Los Angeles.
Geology and mining— William Burton Barber,
Alameda; David Morrill Folsom, White Sulphur
Springs. Mont.; Charles Edmond Kenney, Red
lands; Roy Parmlee McLaughlin, Vallejo; Ed
mund David North, Los Angeles; Edward Hclt
Nutter. Palo Alto; Ernest Allen Strout, Se
bastopol; Arno Grote Thies, Denver, Colo. .
Civil engineering—^Robert Harold Bacon, Palo
Alto; John Fletcher Byxbee Jr., Palo Alto;
Edward JVterrlam Chadbourne, Los Angeles;
Charles Walter Sell. Denver, Colo. ; Earle Tal
hot, San Francisco; Swazo F. Yoshloka, San
Francisco.
Mechanical engineering— Edgar Hale Bangs.
Los Angeles; Arthur Jacob .Zschokke, Palo
Alto.
Electrical engineering — Herbert Harter
Adams, Palo Alto; George Henry Bragg Jr.,
San Jose; Charles Gonjlro Sakuma, Palo Alto;
Chuzaburo Tsukamoto. Koyto, Japan.
BACHELORS OF LAWS. .
Bachelor of laws — H. Ray Fry; A. B., San
Jose; Ernest Stoddard Page, A. B.. Berkeley;
Charles Quayle, A. B.. Oakland. ;
MASTERS OF ARTS.
Latin — -James Gllman Coffin, A.* B., Boulder,
Cola; Ernest Whitney Martin, A. B. (Uni
versity of Medina, Ohio.
Germanic languages — John Gottlieb Knuttl,
A. B. (University of West Virginia), Fair
mount. W. Va. ; Martin Singer, A. B. (Arkan
sas Cumberland College), Palo Alto.
¦English — Mary Ludle Caldwell, A. B., San
Francisco; Harriet Cory. A. B.. San Jose;
Dewltt Montgomery. A. B., Placentla.
History — Samuel Pressly McCrea, A. B., Palo
Alto; John T. McManls, A. B.. Palo Alto;
Sarah Gates Howard, A. B. (Vassar College),
Palo Alto. ' ,
Mathematics — William Albert Manning, A
B (Willamette University), Salem, Or.; Lon
Cain Walker, A. B., Petaluma.
Chemistry — Alvin: Joseph Cox, A. B., San
Jose; Francis James Reidy. A. B., San Jose.
Systematic botany — Le Roy Abrams. A. B.,
Inslewood.
Zoolowy — James Franklin Illlngworth, B. S.,
North Ontarla.
Entomology — Bertha Louise Chapman, A. B..
Oakland; Florence Eugenia Dorsey, A. B., San
Francisco; Shinkal Inokichl Kuwana, Hukuoka,
Japan. .
Geology and mining — Harry Lewis Haehl, A.
B., Palo Alto.. .
DOCTORS OF PHILOSOPHY. '
Ralph Arnold. A. M.. ; Palo Alto; Thomas
Andrew Storey. A. . M.. Palo Alto.
The Ean Francisco branch of the Needlework
Guild will hold JU mid-year meeting at Mies
Vi'eet'e, 20J* Van New avenue, near wackson
•treet. TuesCay, May 27. at 4 o'clock. •
Needlework Guild.
SAN JOSE, May 26.— S. A. Charlton, a
pioneer of this county, died this morning,
aged 94 years. A few years ago he acci
dentally shot himself while handling a
rusty pistol, since which time his health
has been poor. He had no relatives in
this county.
Dies at the Age of 94.
SACRAMENTO, May 26.— The twenty
fifth anniversary of Rev. John F. Quinn's
ordination to the priesthood of the Cath
olic church was celebrated in this city
this morning at the Cathedral of the
Blessed Sacrament. Father Quinn preach
ed the sermon to the large congregation
that had assembled. To-night a recep
tion was tendered Father Quinn In the
Assembly chamber of the Capitol.
Twenty-Five Years a Priest.
Personally conducted excursions to Kansas
City and Chicago leave San Francisco every
Monday, Thursday and Saturday at S p. m. via
the Santa Fe. Cars used are the wide-vesti
buled improved Pullman tourist sleepers of the
very latest pattern. If you are contemplating
a trip East, you should first call upon or write
to the ticket agent of the Santa. Fe. 641 Market
street. San Francisco, for illustrated pamphlets
and full particulars. •
To the East in a Tourist Sleeper.
OXNARD, May 25.— Thomas Bell, a
plastering contractor, fell from the top of
the Wlneman block this morning, sus
taining serious injuries. Bell was walk
ing across the rafters at the top of the
second story when he stepped upon a
loose board which tipped up, throwing
him down the elevator shaft. He fell c
distance of about thirty feet, striking on
his face and shoulder. Bell is an old resi
dent of Ventura.
Tails Down Elevator Shaft
REDDING. May 26.- William Martin, a
Redding youth, fired five shots without
effect last night at a man who entered
his room. Martin does not believe the
fellow a burglar. He thinks he was
a man bent on murder for revenge. Mar
tin gave testimony against Wade and
Dal ton, which resulted In their being
hanged for the murder of young Moore in
Portland. Martin says he has noticed a
man named Wilson, who was a member
of the Wade-Dalton gang, in this city the
past few days, and he believes it was
Wilson who entered his room.
Two Hen Shoots at Stranger
Who Enters His Room.
Witness Whose Testimony Hanged
YOUTH BELIEVES HE
' IS HARKED FOR DEATH
Lettle Mauds Garner, Hollister; Grace Nlms,
Pacific Grove.
Chemistry — Elmon Hall, Palo Alto; Charles
Lorin Harkins, Menlo Park; Sherman Klrnball,
Palo Alto: Wlnford Lee Lewis, Gridley; Han
zaburo Miyake. Palo Alto; Bruno AdolphU3
Olshausen, Los Angeles; Eliot Gray Potter,
San Francisco; Joe Augustus SchaeTer, Den
ver, Colo.; Sophie Edith Schoenhelt, San Jose;
Christabel Rose Sobey, San Francisco; Herbert
Lane Younger, Palo Alto. • • ' ' "
•Botany — Gertrude M. Barrett, Ontario; Laura
Myrtle Lathrop, Hollister; Minnie Maher. .Sut
ter Creek; Eleanor Caroline Mugler, Merced. "
A. H. Baldwin and A. B. Glidden of
Aberdeen were returning last week from
a timber cruise in the Hoh River coun
try. Losing their trail they wandered
about to regain it. They reached a small
open spot among tall timber where the
odor of oil was so strong that they knew
an oil flow must exist somewhere. Their
Eearch revealed an immense oil well in
which a sticky mass rose at times far
above the surface and spread out over
the top of the ground. It would then
elowly sink back into the aperture like a
geyser that had Just ceased to spout. The
well was surrounded by large rocks.
Securing a pole they poked it Into the
mass of oil for twelve feet without strik
ing anything. Suddenly . the pole was
wrenched from their grasp and forced
Into the air by an enormous stream of oil
which rose to a height of twenty feet
and then fell back to the hole with a
loud sound-
TACOMA, May 26.— Though wells -have
been sunk In this State by a dozen or
more oil companies with no result, it has
remained for two timber cruisers to dis
cover what they describe as an immense
oil well on the Olympia peninsula near
Quinault Indian reservation.
Been Discovered on Olympia
Peninsula.
Geyser-Like Well Reported to Have
CRUISE FOR TIMBER
AND STRIKE ON OIL
History — Julius Benedict Cohn, Palo Alto;
James Stone Cone. Salinas; Jessie Loring
C<x>k, San Jose; Lucy Alma Corker, Palo Alto;
Helen Elizabeth Fickes, Palo Alto; Archibald
Morris Fosdick, Palo Alto; Cora Ettlo Garner,
Hollister; Mary Santa Barbara Harkins, Menlo
Park: Eleanor Holllngsworth Hathorne, Barre,
Mass.; Annie Rose Kin?, Sacramento; Winnona
Lathrop. Hollister; Charlotte Mabel Lord, Palo
Alto; Ethel Cora McLellan, San Diego; Helen
Lucy Matthews, Salem, Or.; Ida May Rounds,
Alameda; Maria Louise Toll, Baldwlnsville, N.
Y. ; Maud Ix>retta Tynan. San Jose; 'Fletcher
P.ernard Wagner. Indianapolis, 'Ind. ; Jennie
Elizabeth Wier, Reno, Nev.; Lee Axtell Wood,
San Diego
Economics — Richard Bryan. Palo Alto;
Lloyd Elliott Harter, San Jose: May Hurlburt,
Seymour, Conn.; Klsatsuchi Koda, Palo Alto;
Man' E. McDougald, Stockton; Percy McDow
ell, Palo Alto: Roy Robinson Ross, Du Quoin,
III.; Hachiro Senow, San Francisco.
Law — Tom Marie Alderson (A. B. University
cf Washington), Maj-fleld; Elmer Allen Brown,
Davisville; Charles Abraham Cantwell, Tulare:
Joseph Guthrie de Forest (Ph. B., Portland
University). Mountain View; George William
Dryer. Santa Ana; Charles de Young Elkus,
San Francisco; Herbert Coffin Jones, College
Park; Frank Allen Leib, San Jose: Harry Clif
ford Lucas, Santa Cruz; Willis Harrison Mo
riarity. Campbell: Benjamin Palmer Oakford.
Palo Alto; Elbert King Potter. Anaheim; Frank
Asbury Stevens, Palo Alto; Charles J. Swin
dells, Tacoma. Wash.; Thomas Lloyd Vande
venter, Mt. Sterling, 111.; Edwin Henry Wil
liams, San Jose.
Drawing — Cora May Bradford, San Francisco;
Edith Grace Ward, Morgan Hill.
Mathematics — Jessie Knepper, Log Angeles;
Henry Walter Staler, Palo Alto. .
PhysIcs^ — Angus Leonard Cavanagh, Rlncon;
Greek — Marie Borough, San Francisco; Alice
May Cole, San Francisco; Andrew James Copp
Jr., Los Angeies; Ralph Alexander Hamilton,
Klverside; Kelley Rees, Fayettevllle, Tenn.;
lrmagarde Richards, Palo Alto; Anna Frances
Ruth, Pomona; Leroy Hamilton Stephens, San
Jose.
Latin— Annie Barrett. Palo Alto; Florence
Frances Billings, Redlanda; J. Earle Cline,
Des Moines, Iowa; Ethel Allen Dodge, Redwood
City; Ella Webb Horine, Palo Alto; Anna May
Laird. Montalvo; Francis Arthur Lamb, Los
Gates; Alice Ida Patton, Gllroy; Maybelle Ave
line Phillips, Ontario; Aida Eleanor Rade
maker,, San Francisco; Roy Valentine Reppy,
Ventura; Imogene Anna Schanck, Elsinore;
Marion Dickie Taylor, Livermore; Harrold
Trader, Palo Alto.
Germanic Languages — Anna Bennett Ashen
felt er, Silver City, N. M.; Clara Duane;Barn
hisel. Palo Alto; Lucy Ora Connell, Santa Ana;'
Maud Merrill Fay, San Diego; Mary Frances
Fickes Pajo Alto; Helen Dudu Gels, Fresno;
Maryland Elizabeth Gill, West Berkeley;
Emilie Catherine Hagrmayer, Cloverdale; Alice
Louise Hammerson. Belmont; Mary Viola Mar
tin, Woodland: James Clay Ray, Yuba City;
Ruth Taylor, Palo Alto; Jessica Anna Wilson,
Los Angeles; Sophia Juliane Wolters, San
Francisco.
Romanic Languages — Eugenie Marie Haag,
Palo Alto; Mabel Lyda King, San Luis Oblspo;
Grace Olivia Hummer, San Jose; Percy Alvin
Martin, Los Angeles; Louise Anna Mourot,
Redwood City.
English — Fern Abbott, Harvard, Neb.; Viv
ian Bailey, San Francisco: Larrey MacFarlane
Bowman, Delphi, Ind. ; Beatrice Mary Ware
Brom field, San Mateo; Harriet Henrietta
Brown. Palo Alto; Clarissa Maria EUerbeck,
Palo Alto: Edyth EUerbeck. Palo Alto; Her
bert Francis Evans, Palo Alto; Amy Parker
Ferguson, Stockton; Cirvilla May Heaslip, Los
Angeles; Florence Heywood, San Jose; Ellas.
Olan James (A.B., Union Christian College),
Mansfield, 111.; John Everett Johnson/ Palo
Alto; Blanche Kummer, San Jose; Edith Mar
guerite Lane, Inglewood; Helen Lathrop, Oak
land; Mary Ishbel Lockey, Palo Alto; Vivian
Beatrice Losse, San Jose; Laura Nevada Ma
bury, San Jose; Josephine Moulton, Campbell;
Laura Grace Riddell. Coronado; Walter Camp
bell Stevens (LL.B., Cornell University), San
Francisco; Hazel Hope Webster. Los Angeles;
Alice Clara Wheeler, Palo Alto; Eva Marian
Wheeler, Monrovia; Joseph Elmer Wilson, Oak
land.
Philosophy — Leon L. Loofbourow, Salt Lake
City. Utah. I
Psychology — Mason. Nutting Case, Minne
apolis, Minn.
Education — Kate Ames, Napa; Elizabeth
Harriet Bailey, San Jose; Frank Henry Boren,
San Bernardino; Mabel Blake Fuller, Pomona:
Carlton M. Ritter, Palo Alto; Frances Eliza
beth Short, Reno, Nev.
BACHELORS OF ARTS.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 26.—
On Wednesday, the eleventh annual com
mencement day, degrees will be con
ferred by the university upon 205
students. Of these ISO will receive the
degreeof Bachelor of Arts, three the de
gree of Bachelor of Laws, twenty that
of Master of Arts and two will become
Doctors of Philosophy. Last year . 200
students took their first degrees -. and
thirteen were granted advanced degrees.
Appended are the names of the gradu
ates and their residences.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 26.—
Five hundred spectators sat through two
long hours of most ragged baseball play
ing this morning under the blistering rays
of the sun to watch the Stanford faculty
nine defeat the senior class aggregation
by the score of 25 to 13. Never has the
college witnessed such a listless, unexcit
ing game between the professors and the
graduating students. The usual clamor
and sideline Joshing were not In evidence,
and the seniors appeared in simple base
ball array instead of fancy costumes, as
has been the custom of preceding classes.
The students had planned to don Greek
costumes similar to those worn bv the
chorus In the Greek play "Antigone," but
through some mistake the flowing robes
failed to arrive, hence a shabby lot of
wornout baseball suits were substituted.
Early in the game the seniors led by a
Bcore of 3 to 1, and their classmates on
the sidelines foresaw the possibility of a
breaking of the series of faculty victories
curing the past few years. They were
doomed to disappointment, however, for
Hit professors "took a brace" and began
to tap the ball at will all over the field, I
ecoring everything from singles to a home
run by Allin. Professor Burt Estes How
ard, the faculty twirler, pitched a game
that would have done credit to his record
as a varsity ball player in his undergrad
uate days. He was good at the bat as
well, as were most of the faculty nine.
Professors Searles and Starbuck headed
the list with four hits each.
For the seniors stars were not notice
able, but Hinman, Hamilton and Ross
chowed up most favorably.
Camera fiends, as usual, thronged the
diamond, interest centering around Presi
dent Jordan as the object of their snap
shots. The doctor's picture was taken
from rear, front and side views, on first
base and at the bat. President Hinman
of the senior class, who held down the
second bag, also came in- for attention
from the photographers. I
The score follows: j
FACULTT. j
.... : lr AB. R. BH. PO. A. E. I
Allm, 3b 7 3 2 1 0 1
Fearies. 2b 6 2 4 " l 4 !
Xewsora. c 8 3 2 12 0 1
Howard, p 6 2 3 2 14 1 I
Hurras-, 1. f. 5 4 3 2 0 0
Storey, r. f 6 3 3 0 0 It!
Jordan, lb 6 2 2 5 0 4 1
Starbuck ss 5 •> 4 o n n \
G. H. Marx, c f 6 4 1110
Totals 52 25 24 27 IS 11
SENIORS.
. .. __ AB. R. BH. PO. A. E.
If lb - ob 5 3 0 10 2
Ross . I- 1 4 3 2 1 1 0
McDowell, p.. ss 5 2 2 0 3 1
Case, ss., p 5 2 2 13 0
Hamilton, c 5 1 4 3 1 1
Hinman. 2b ; 5 0 0 5-6 2
McCormick. c. f 4 0 0 0 0 0
Bancroft, lb 5 1 0 13 0 2
Totals 43 13 11 24 14 ~9
EUMMART.
Earned runs— Faculty* S. Seniors 2. Two
fcas* hits— Searles 2, McDowell, Hamilton
Three-base hits — Searles, Case. Home run—
Allln. Stolen bases — Faculty 15, Seniors 10
Double plays— Marx to Howard to Searles
Howard to Jordan. Bases on balls — Off How
ard 2. off McDowell 6. off Case 2. Struck out—
By Howard 11. by McDowell 1, by Case 2
Passed balls— Xewsom 1. Hamilton 4. Time
of game— 2 hours. Umpire— F. A. Brown.
Scorer— Professor McFarland.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Lengthy List of Those Who
Have Finished Univer
sity Courses.
Base Hits and Runs Are Plen
tiful and the Field
ing Listlesa
Annual Baseball Game
at Stanford Lacks
Interest.
More Than Two Hundred
Stanford Students
Rewarded.
RETIRING CLASS
GETS DIPLOMA
FACULTY TRIMS
THE SENIOR NINE
The banquet, to-night was presided over
by Miss May'Bentley as toastmistress,
and the various addresses were entertain
ing. Miss Taylor, the general secretary,
spoke first and told the girls of three
presents that- had been sent them — the
first a large express box of French candy,
5
San Francisco, Tuesday, 27 May, 1002.
Revolving" bookcases
Large, small and intermediate sizes— all built on the
same principle— a series of shelves revolving on a pivot,
bringing every inch of shelf space within easy access of
one sitting at a desk. For books of reference they
have no parallel, being especially desirable for profes-
sional men. Built of oak and of sound construction.
Here are a few of the sizes and prices: 20 inches square,
35 inches high with two shelves, $8.00; 20 inches square,
:V. : 34 inches high with- two shelves, $12.00; 20 inches
square, 45 inches high with three shelves, $15.00; 20'
inches square, 45 inches high with three shelves, $18.50;
24 inches square, 49 inches high with three shelves,
$24.00; 24 inches square, 60 inches high with four
shelves, $27.00; 24 inches square, 72 inches high with
five shelves, $ 28.50;. 30 inches square, 72 inches high
with five shelves, $36.00; 30 inches square, 84 inches
high with six shelves, $ 40.00.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
1 of golf sliirts which 9
enables us to offer the best shirt value we know of. 1
The shirts are this season's goods, being the latest |
. effect with plaited front; the front is made of sateen I
and madras, while the body is made of fine quality per- 1
cale; each shirt is liberally cut, the sizes arejrom 14 to
17, the workmanship is Ai ; pair of separate link cuffs; j
the shirts are on display in our show windows; they
are actual $1 values, but we shall sell them while they
last for 4 t ' vf-_. ;,„_,-__
SSL. &^tn*
Store closed Friday— Memorial Day,
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. ¦/;'<¦*-.
IS-N-WOOD&fO
718 Market Street
f *TA1X> -ibSUtSAmi iinmra*r nTrTt*Tm ¦
2O\d ei\jqy tKe comforts BpiP
6F at well- ?v.ppoiivted •<', S f)
home fco\d tKe cor\- | | .
venieivces oF a. fashion-
* V
¦ ¦
For Absolute Purity
and Excellence '
Tiie Hiiest Kraile ¦ Gold Mai
'•"' ®V was awar^ e^ to
8S f "ll ll
— - " — ~< •'iTfc V- r^
at the Paris Exposition,
1900. They lound it to
S/yJa&tfi be an honest HAND-
4 ¦•2H£li--sl MAoESOUR A1ASH
FI^V^l WHISKEY. Its.se is
,; 'alfi' » beneficial. Mixed JVVhi;-
'ukink^ikMiMa ; k.es: should be avoided.
p.Kirk&Co / — _ - •¦
V'r™*"' j H. -B. KIRK fir CO.,
I br- •""'*¦ JSJ Sole Bottlers, N. Y.
& CO.,
Sole Distributors. Ran Frano 1 "-" '"•-•TUESDAY MAY 27, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Zddress All Coauns&ieatioas to W. 8. LEAKS, Manager.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PIDLICATIOX OFFICE.. .Blarlcet and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
¦ — ; ' 0
Delivered by Carrier*, 15 Cents Per Week.
Singrle Copies. 5 Cents.
. Ternis by Mail, Including? Postage:
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), one year $8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months J.'iO
]>AILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
BCNDAY CALL. One Year v .. 1.T5O
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscript ions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mail subscribers in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both ICEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to in .ure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROG\ESS.
Kt&tgtr Ft reign Advertising. Htrguettc Building, Chietg*
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: " ,-
C. C CAHLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH bO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Kill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hold;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
\VASHI*GTO>" (D. C.) OFFICE 1400 G St., X. \V.
MORTOX E. CRAM:, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «!33
McAllister, open ur.tii 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin. open until
9:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission. open / until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 "o'clock. 1098 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fill more, open until 9 p. m.
A powder. Cures hot. swollen, smarting^ achin?.
sweating feet and Ingrowing: nails; kills sting of
Corns and Bunions. 30.000 testimonials. All drug
and shoe stores sell it, 25c. Ask to-day. Sample
mailed Free. Allen S. Olmsted. Le Roy, N. Y.
Use Allen's Foot-Ease,
PP Going to Thunder Mountain PF
The Northern Pacific Railway is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlstorj
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wag-on roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. 1C STATELER,
G. A.. W7 Market «t-. S. F.
ORGANIZING A BANK— Reader. Ver
ona, Cal. The organization of a bank un
der'a general law. State or national, Is a
simple matter. Articles of association ara
drawn up In accordance with the statute
of the State or the act of Congress. In
either, the form Is nearly always pre
scribed. These articles recite: ; The title
of the proposed, bank; the amount of It3
capital stock, the number of shares into
which it is divided and the amount of
each. Usually these articles . contain the
names of the first directors and are
signed by them, the act of sub
scription including their election. Each
subscriber to the capital stock places op
posite his name the number of shares ha
desires. When the capital stock Is all
taken up a certificate of organization
must be filed with the Secretary of State,
and a certified copy thereof with the
Clerk or Recorder of the county in which
the bank is located. Generally a publica
tion of the articles of association is made
necessary by State law.
PICKETT AT GETTYSBURG— J. W.
L., Tuttletown, Cal. In an article en
titled "Battles and Leaders of the Civil
War" contributed by E. Porter Alexander,
brigadier general, C. S. A., who on the
last day of the battle of Gettysburg was
of Longstreet's reserve artillery in com
mand of a battalion of twenty-six guns,
says among other things: "And that Gen
eral Longstreet might know my intention
I wrote him only this: 'General: When
our artillery fire is at its best. I shall or
der Pickett to charge." " Further In hia
narrative he has: "Then I wrote to Pick
ett: 'If you are coming at all, you must
come at once, or I cannot give you proper
support.'" In another (part he says of
Lcngstreet and Pickett: "Pickett saluted
and said, 'I am going to move forward,
sir,' galloped off to his division and Im
mediately put It in motion." Longstreet
corroborates this. So it appears that
Pickett was with his division in its mem
orable charge.
FRACTIONAL CURRENCY — K. C.
City. Dealers in old coins an^ bank blll3
do not pay a premium for any kind of
fractional currency unless "new and
crisp." For such of the first Issue, with
perforated edges, like postage stamps,
there is an offer of 25 cents for 5-cent
notes, 40 cents for "10-centers," 50 cents
for "25-centers" and 85 cents for "50-cent
ers." For the same with cut
edges the premium offered is 50 per cent.
BARBER— A. S., City. A discharged
soldier cannot "open and run a barber
shop himself alone in San Francisco"
without having a license or certificate
showins that he has the qualifications to
engage In that business.
XAPOLOEN- F..C. A., City. From the
Wording of your letter of inquiry it Is
Impossible to determine if you want in
formation about Napoleon I or Napoleon
III, consequently the question cannot be
answered at this time.
BONDS— C. B., City. For answer to
your question relative to the bonds of the
company named In your communication,
you are referred to the office of the com
pany.
POLL TAX— A Subscriber, City. The
law of California does not say in so many
words- . that a "superintendent of a fac
tory shall give the Poll Tax Collector the
names of employes liable for. poll tax."
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
• CALL READERS
BANKER OF OAKLAND
WEDS SOCIETY GIRL
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ :C^ 27, 1902.
1 When a, man. resigns himself. to"- fate his
xcclrnation Is always accented-
seems to have^ got inithe habit of ¦ the thing
and' doesn't know when to quit'
This Congress boasts that it is going to be a big
ger one than the billion-dollar Congress, but - we
notice that the bigger title a. Congress takes the less
the taxpayers think of it,
Rock Island Route Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday an*
Sunday.' via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rail
ways, and via Los Angeles and El Paso ev.rv
Sunday -and. Tuesday, yi a Southern PaH<v »^
Rock Island Railway,,, for OmThf i?L d
City. Chicago and all r^ints Ea«T. For funher
information Clinton Jones. General
Ajrent Rock Island Railway. <J3* Market «?•
Out of Cuba we have emerged with dignity 7 and
honor, having the gratitude of the^people and ; the ad
miration of the world,; but there is no telling how we
wil! emerge from the Philippines. : . ' ''
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 26.— The
following- Caiif ornians registered hero to
day: At the Riggs, Lafe' Pence; at the
Willard, R.- C.,Brumm; at the Shoreham,
J. N. Benson and T..J. O'Brlen'and -wife;
nt the Arlington,* iLD. Morton and wife
tnd Ruth Morton ; at the National, J. V
: Young— air of ' San Francisco.
Califoraians in Wastilngton.
Special information supplied, dally to"
business houses and public men hv th«
Piess Clipping Bureau lAUen^^^ifl
fornia street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Sir Thomas Lipton has nothing to give for a peer
age, but millions to spend fqr the America's cup, and
it looks as if he -would neither take what has-been of
fered nor get what he wishes.
Townsend's California' glace fruit 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap ' baak
ets. A '¦ nice present , for Eastern friend^
C39 Market St.. Palace Hotel buUdlni? •
The United States courts have decided that people
riding on passes may receive. damages for. injuries re
ceived on railroad trains. This decision, however,- is
not expected to be an encouragement to suicide where
the' danger of death is so frequently imminent.
There a good many reasons of course why the'
Kaiser should wish to give us a statue of Frederick
the Great, but perhaps Prince Henry after looking at
the collection of statues at Washington may have
advised his brother to give us one just to show us
what a proper statue ought to be.
At the recent "Oregon day" at the Charlest6n ex
position, the orator of the occasion had hardly 100
persons in his audience, and it is recalled that at
the Omaha exposition "Massachusetts day" was
about as slimly attended, though the Governor of
Massachusetts was there. From those facts the
Springfield Republican draws the conclusion
that the people are tired of expositions. It would
teem, however, more logical to conclude that
the people are tired of State days and State orators.
An exposition will pay if there be more exhibits and
less talking than Charleston .and Omaha put up.
.General J. B. Frisbie Is expected to re
turn from a mining trip through Mexico
to-day. His wife and family-came down
from Vallejo yesterday, and registered j at
the Occidental.; awaiting his arrival.
. Chief Dennis Sullivan. of .the San Fran
cisco Fire Department, who, has been in
the country for his summer vacation, will
return to j the city on Thursday. .¦
Assistant General Passenger Agent^ H.
R. Judah of the Southern Pacific, who has
been 1 ill for about two: weeks, is much
better ' and will resume 'his work-in tho
railroad ofSce in a few days.
. Julius Kruttschnitt, assistant president
of the Southern Pacific,' returned yester
,day from Ogden.
John C. Hoover of San Rafael Is at the
California.
Dr. E. Wagk of Agnews is a guest at
the Grand.
• "W. P. Thomas, an attorney of Ukiah, is
at ihe Grand.
- Dr. D. E. Osborne of St. Helena Is at
;the Occidental.
E. Noble Greenleaf of Los Angeles is at
the California.
., -W. ; F. Candler, a well-known resident
of Selraa, is a guest at the Palace.
;. Charles Johnson, the successful mining
Investor of Nome, is at the Palace.
¦George P. Beveridge, the well-known
oil man of Fre"sn<v is at the Occidental. 1
v - E. N. Rector, a Superior Judge of Mer
ced,' is among the arrivals at the Lick.
Franklin Leonard, a mining man of
I Nevada, is registered at the Palace.
John Wolfskin, who owns several hand
some buildings in Los Angeles, Is at the
1' Occidental. ;..-" . /•.." . - vv-.."
Mrs. Noozy— Because they simply won't
tell at all. I asked one to-day how much
my husband had on deposit there and ho
ju3t laughed.— Philadelphia Press
¦¦ ¦ ' -•- r -
Cal. glace fruit 60c per 1b at.Tftwnsend's.'
• « » . L
Prunes stuffed with aJJrlcots. Townsend'a.*
Mrs. Chumm— Why?
Mrs. Noozy— I think it's the most ridic
ulous thing to call that man in the bank
a "teller." , *
Tramp — Writer's cramp, mum. I've been
keepin' a list of all th' people wot offered
me work, mum.— New York Weekly
Tramp— I'd like ter do something ti> pay
fer ill this, but- I'm a cripple, mum.
Housekeeper— You don't look It. What's
the matter? " v ..
"What is the most foolish enterprise
that a man can undertake?"
"Well, I did think it was looking for
the north pole, but I changed my mind
this summer." * " " •
Sue Brette— Well, if he succeeds In
capturing a Boston audience,, he Is cer
tainly all right.— Yonkers Statesman.
Foote Lighte— I see by a Boston paper
that General Funston is going on the
stage. ' - - ¦"¦ "
She — Music hath charms, you know.
He-7-Tes; I'll bring a brass band with
me the next time I call. .
She— Couldn't you make it a gold band
with a solitaire in it?— Tit-Bits.
The offenses have become so frequent and have
occurred in such widely scattered localities as to ren
der it certain that State law is comparatively power
less to deal with the offenders and bring them to jus
tice. We have just had an example of the* failure of
justice in Modoc County, in this State, so we need
not taunt other States with the inefficiency" of their,
laws. The crime has, in fact, been perpetrated North
and South arid East and WeitL and in nearly sv «»
The issue should not be converted into a question
of partisanship' nor of sections. There will be of
course some difficulty experienced in trying to avoid
the latter by reason of the greater frequency of lynch
ing in the South than elsewhere. The Southern peo
ple are extremely sensitive on the subject. That much
was shown at the' time Senator Gallinger submitted his
resolution, for after- he had read an account of the
latest lynching outrage in Texas Senator Culberson
of that State rose and read an account of a similar
outrage in Kansas as an' evidence that the crime' is
not confined to the South. Of course that phase of
the issue should not come into the discussion at all.
It is not a question where lynchings are most fre
quent, but what can be done to punish those who com
mit them and put an end to those hideous torturings
and burnings of. human beings by mobs which are
becoming so appallingly common.
While it is not apparent what the Federal Govern
ment can do toward the suppression of what has now
become one of the most portentous evils of the coun
try, Senator Gallinger's resolution will none the less
be worthy of adoption. The whole subject should be
investigated thoroughly, and if it be possible to find
a remedy it should be promptly provided. More than
that. If no certain remedy can be found by the Ju
diciary Committee it should do the best it can in
the premises and report some. remedial act that has a
chance at least of standing 'the test of the Supreme
Court.
£> ENATOR GALLINGER has submitted a reso-
lution instructing the Judiciary Committee of
the Senate to make an. investigation into the
subject of lynching in the United States, with a view
to ascertaining if there be any remedy for the of
fense. . ¦
LAW AND THE LYNCHERS.
The duty of registration is imperative. It is im
posed upon every citizen. An especial responsibil-.
ity rests upon good citizens. Unless that class of
voters register the bosses will have their way at the
polls.. The duty should be attended to at once. Do
not wait until after the holidays. Register, now.
There is to be a complete new registration this
year. Every citizen. must register or forfeit his right
to vote. r If the registration be attended to now it
can be done readily and quickly. .If it be postponed
until the rush of belated ones throng the registration
office it will be more or less annoying and will en
tail a loss of time in waiting at the office.
The campaign is not only to be an Important one',
as all campaigns are in this country,, but it is also to
be a close one. The Democratic party, divided as it
is on well nigh every, issue before the country, is
united in the desire to carry the election and get pos
session of the offices. It is what is' known- as an'
off year, and. in such years opposition parties have"
always been dangerous. Should any considerable*,
number of Republicans fail to register we, may lose'
one or perhaps more Congressmen. Moreover State
politics in California has always been uncertain. Re
publican Governors have alternated in office/with
Democratic Governors for a long time past. The Re
publican party can afford to take no chances this',
year. :. ; ;. ' ; ¦ ' , . ';'; ,. ':'¦.. ' }:;'(
AT the meeting of the Republican % State
Central Committee on Saturday resolutions
were adopted calling attention to the delay of
voters throughout the State in enrolling themselves
upon the great register so as to assure to themselves
the right to vote. They call upon county commit^
tees, Republican clubs and the Republican press to
urge registration at once.. The resolutions are timely
and- pertinent. It is to be hoped they will be acted
upon. - r
THE DUTY OF REGISTRATION.
Curiously enough Palestine, in proportion to its
size, is said to be the leading country in the use of
automobiles. The explanation of the fact is that the
sun is so hot that horses or mules have never been
able to do much work there, and the auto fills a want
that. has been felt since the beginning of time.
PERSONAL MENTION.
:Mr. and Mrs. Havens have started on
their'weddlng trip to Europe, where they
The bride, one of the most popular
girls in the smart set, is well known in
¦this city as the daughter of the late cap
italist, James M. Goewey. The groom is
a resident of Oakland and a director ' of
this' Berkeley Bank of. Savings and Cen
tral Bank of Oakland. . ,
The* bride was charming In an elegant
gown of white tulle over silk. The bridal
veil of white tulle was caught in the hair
with orange blossoms. The bouquet was
of white orchids. The maid of honor was
handsomely attired in -pink mousaellne
de soie over silk and carried white roses.
The little flower girls were daintily
gowned in pink silk and carried baskets
of baby roses of the same color.
AT a pretty home wedding yester
day "at high noon Miss Gertrude
Goewey became the "bride of MrP
John "Weston Havens. The bride's
home, 306 Page street, was .hand
somely decorated. The color scheme was
pink and white. Pink carnations pre
dominated in the drawing rooms and the
dining-room was fragrant with orange
blossoms. Foliage was. effectively inter
spersed with the flowers. The bow win
dow, where the bridal party stood, was
converted into a bower of roses. The
bride was attended by Miss Kate Dillon,
maid of honor, and Miss Florence "Wool
sey and Miss Elizabeth Brice, flower
girls. Mr. Frank B. Goewey, the bride's
brother, was best man. j Rev. Bradford
Leavitt performed the ceremony.
In fact, we are just discovering California. These
merchant tours are voyages of discovery. Every tour
ist js a Columbus. Every locality they visit is a
Land of Promise, full of corn and wine and flowing
with milk and honey, with a potential wealth un
equaled by any other part of the earth. Tulare is
simply one part of the charming color that makes the
whole sumptuous kaleidoscope.
The almonds and walnuts marketed from London
are shipped from France and Spain. Here we pro
duce them of better quality in counties that are in
sight from Telegraph Hill. London's olive oil and
pickled oiives come from the edges of the Mediter
ranean. The oil she exports is largely adulterated.
Some of it cushioned the ribs of Iowa hogs, some
grew in our Southern cotton fields, and some is sup
plied by the peanut crop of North Carolina.; Here
the pure oil grows in vast orchards from San Diego
to Shasta. The English mint turns into sovereigns
gold that is imported from South Africa, Australia
and Alaska. The San Francisco Mint works the
largest coinage in the world, and the Pactolean
stream has its source in our own mountains.
Every article of necessity and luxury that is given
value by human desire is produced right here, and
under intensive methods its production can'be in
creased tci meet the world's demand.
The wine handled on the London docks comes
from Spain, Portugal, France and Germany. Its
equal in quality and its superior in purity is
produced within a few hours' ride of our ware
houses. In volume its production can be easily
made to equal the aggregate of the wine
countries of Europe. The prunes, raisins, citrus
fruits and fruit products distributed from "London
are harvested all the way from the Levant to Valen
cia. A San Francisco merchant can leave his store at
the close of the day's business, spend the evening and
the morning in the orchards and vineyards and be
back at his desk at the opening of business next day.
As The Call has often pointed out, in the produc
tive capacity of California San Francisco has a per
manent and increasing resource which alone is suffi
cient to make this one. of the most important cities
in the world. The volume of trade which this State
can supply in articles of commerce that are univer
sally desirable can make San Francisco the equal of
London as a distributing point for those articles.
THE second party of business men from this city
to visit Tulare County received and confirmed
the impression made upon the tourists of three
weeks ago. Not only are these tours delightful social
experiences, but they are of the highest practical im
portance to the production of the State a.nd the busi
ness of San Francisco.
THE VISIT TO TULARE.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Miss Charlotte Ellinwood will remain in
the city for the present instead of visit
ing Napa Soda Springs.
Miss Ethel Hager will spend next
month with Mrs. H.' P. Chase at "Stag's
Leap." >v - ¦;-
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Richardson "Wells
have returned to their home in the East
after being delightfully entertained in
this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Latham McMullin are so
journing In Napa County.
* • *
Dr. Arthur P. Pierson. editor of the
Missionary Review of New York, will be
tendered a reception by the Occidental
Board of Foreign Missions at 920 Sacra
mento street to-morrow afternoon from 3
to 5 o'clock.
Captain and Mrs. Conrad, Captain and Mrs.
Jenks, Mrs. Bush, Mrs. Kerwln. Mrs. Lewis,
the Misses Lewis of the Presidio, Lieutenant
and Mrs. Blrcham, Captain Cloke, Lieutenants
Green, Lewis, Mclntyre, Diere, Lloyd, Stevens,
Kock and Ramond.
Major and Mrs. Hancock entertained a
party of friends at tennis on Alcatraz
a few days ago. Guests from the city
and Presidio went over in the McDowell
and spent a delightful afternoon. Among
those present were:
Lieutenant Endick, Miss Wall, Captain John
ston, Lieutenant Rochester, Miss Lough
borough, Mr. Tobln, Miss Ethel Hager, Mrs.
Will O'Connor. Miss Belle O'Connor, Miss A.
Murphy,- Miss Maye Colburn, Mrs. ! Blddle, Miss
Lyman P. Bent and Miss Jennie Blair.
Lieutenant Payson, Lieutenant Ralph Brown,
One of the most enjoyable functions
given for Miss Louise Drew "dur
ing her visit in ,. this city was Mrs.
Eleanor Mott's tea on Friday. The dec
orations yqere extremely artistic, and the
affair delifehtfuny'Tiiformal:^ M£ ' John
Drew was present. 'Other guests" were:
*'•-..:* ,-V*
win spend five months traveling. They
¦will reside In Berkeley.
• . •
Mrs. "'E. M. North entertained the
Stratford Shakespeare Society at her res
idence, 2414 Pacific avenue, Friday after
noon. An excellent musical and literary
programme was offered, Including scenes
from Shakespeare's most fascinating
plays. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. John O. North, Mrs. J. J.
McDonald. Mr. and Mrs. A. K. Stevens, Mrs.
Evans, Mr. and Mrs. Shannon, Miss Shannon,
General Barck, Lieutenant Preston, Captain
Whitcomb, .Mrs. Arnold, Miss R. Dlxon,. Miss
A. Dlxon, Miss N. Johns, Mrs. George Peter
son, Miss E. Peterson. Mrs. John Leale, Miss
M. Leale, Miss Edwards, Miss Everette, Mlsa
Donnelly, MIsa Piper, Mr. Prendergast, Mr.
Bannerman. F. Terkeldsen, Dr. Peck, A. T.
Fletcher. Professor Stoeftel, Professor Lisser,
A. L. Mann, L. A. Jordan, Jack Beane, Miss
Beane, Mrs. Hood.
SOCIETY BELLE OF THIS CITY
AND THE MAN WHO CLAIMED
HER AS HIS BRIDE.
Municipal evolution in the United States is, in fact,
going forward with juch rapidity, and is accompanied
by such a universal demand for more beautiful as well
as more prosperous cities, that railway officials must
sooner or later conform to. public desire and make
railway stations attractive, commodious and noble.
The time when the larger cities of the country were
content with ramshackle structures for passenger sta
tions has passed away. San Francisco in all serious
ness should enter herself as a rival of Buffalo, Cleve
land and Kansas City, not as to which has the worse
station, but as to which can mosf speedily obtain a
better one. \"<
The three cities named are now working diligently
for better depot accommodations. The insufficiency
of. the Buffalo station was made conspicuous during
the exposition last year, and ever since there has been
a strong movement in the direction of a better one.
At Kansas City it is reported there is a "secret com
mittee" at work trying to bring the various railroads
that center in the city to an agreement to construct
a, grand union depot equal to the needs of, the pub
lic. Cleveland has larger plans than either, of the
others. It is stated that her citizens are seeking to
have a new station constructed as one of a group of
stately buildings, which are to line a broad, open park
extending from the lake front to the Jieart of the city.
A short time ago a dispatch from New York an
nounced that as a result of President Harriman's in
vestigations the Southern Pacific Company would ex
pend upward of $75,006,000 in improvements. Otft of
that expenditure something "should De- provided for a
proper station in this city. ' It might even be. possible
for the Santa Fe and the Southern Pacific to combine
for a union depot, since it seems certain that such,
a depot will be required by the development of the
city and the roads themselves before- many years are
over.
The discussion in' the East has arisen out of a wide
spread demand in that section for better accommo
dations for passengers and the general public" at rail
way stations. Our railway system is far superior to
any other in the world, but it lags behind many coun
tries in the arrangements made for the comfort of
passengers at the stations where they depart or ar
rive. In fact, the American railway carries a passen
ger across deserts or wildernesses it may be in a
palace car, but lands him in a shanty when he reaches
a city of metropolitan pretensions.
If the St. Louis exposition will'offer as a premium
a grand passenger depot to the large city in the
United States" which has the greatest need of it our
people would at once get up: a. series of exhibits
showing the Southern Pacific' station in this city,
with a sanguine' expectation, of not only winning the
prize but distancing competitors., . \
FROM our Eastern exchanges we learn that a
discussion is how going on as to .whether Buf
falo, Cleveland o- Kansa's City has the worst ;
railway passenger depot among the, larger cities of
the Union and is in most need of a new one. The.
controversy is interesting, and San Francisco would
like to enter as a contestant. . . ¦• ¦ . r
QUESTION OF STATIONS. \
The unspeakable wretch who is in jail at Castroville
on a charge of matricide seems to . be one of those
horrid forms which 1 eap into civilization to tell man
of his fearful ancestry and? of ages long dead. The
beast should belput out of the world as soon"as pos
sible. '".'.. ' .
From this and other evidences it is plain that the
civil government is between two fires. On one side
are the angered and revolutionary natives in armed
revolt, and on the other the civilian Americans * in
moral revolt. If there be any wisdom to spare any
where, it may be used beneficially in the Philippines.
The situation is made worse and more threatening
of permanent trouble by the fact that civilian Ameri
cans in the islands join the native victims of oppres
sion in denouncing the civil government which is ad
ministered on the lines of martial law. In the edi
torial for which the editor of Freedom is under arrest
it was said: "The long and short of it is that Amer
icans will not stand for arbitrary government, espe
cially when evidences of carpet : bagging and rumors
of graft are too thick to be pleasant. If civil govern
ment is to be a success in the Philippines there must
be a radical departure and a listening to reason and
the desires of the people. It would seem in the mat
ter of industrial taxation,- the currency and many
others the commission has done exactly the opposite
of what was desired by the majority of the interests
in the islands."
From the proofs offered by Senor Valdez and the
editor of Freedom it seems perfectly plain that the
Filipinos who have been put in authority by the com
mission use these cruel and extreme statutes for the
purpose of oppressing, blackmailing and robbing their
own countrymen. The same system prevailed under
Spanish rule and was the cause of much of the hatred
of Spain. We do not think that the commission has
intended any such result, but that is the effect of the
severe laws it has put in operation. For this reason
American rule seems to be only a change of men and
not of methods.
For N reprinting Mr. Adamson's letter and making
very temperate comment upon it the American editor
of Freedom was arrested by the commission and
charged with "scurrilous libel and sedition," to be
tried under Spanish? law! Senator. Hoar has declared
the commission's statute of treason and sedition to be
the crudest and most unjust law ever enacted by
man. It seems to be carrying into civil government
all of the severities of martial law.
The sedition law, under Which he was arrested, is
an American statute, promulgated by the Philippine
Commission, but Valdez and the other editors were
tried in courts of first instance under the forms of
Spanish law. Valdez offered to prove his charges,
and no doubt was able to do so, but under Spanish
law the^ rule is that the greater the truth the greater
the libel. This is the opposite of the law of libel in
this country. Americans in the islands object to
being tried by Spanish criminal law for alleged vio
lation of an American statute. They object to the
sedition section of the commission's code because
it is an anomaly 'in civil government.
Senor Valdez published proofs of . equally grave
charges against one of the^ native members of the
commission, Senor Trinidad H. Pardo de Tavera, and
was arrested, imprisoned and fined 800 pesos.
Mr. Sidney Adamson, 'in a communication to Les
lie's Weekly, said that "the civil commission,
through its ex-insurgent office-holders and by its
continual disregard for the records of natives ob
tained during the military rule of the islands, has, in
its distribution ' of offices, constituted a protectorate
over a set of men who should be in jail or deported."
This statement was reprinted in Freedom, an
American newspaper published in Manila, and-de
tails and specifications in proof were printed in that
journal and in a Filipino paper at Miau, of which
Senor Valdez is the editor. These proofs were
specific. They showed among other things that Tec
sop, presidente of San Pablo, arrested a large number
of rich Fnipinos, charging them with complicity
with the insurrectos. After they had been imprisoned
and their lives put in peril under the statute of trea
son provided by the Philippine Commission, he pro
cured their release, one at a time. After all were free
it was proved that he made them pay him a large sum
of money for releasing them. Of course it was for
the purpose of blackmailing them that they were ar
rested.
SOME editors of newspapersJn the Philippines
have been fined and imprisoned under the se
, dition laws promulgated by authority of the
United States, through the Philippine Commission.
MANILA GOVERNMENT.
A few days ago we directed attention to a bill now
before providing that where a State does
not give adequate protection to a citizen the' Federal
Government might > interfere under the: fourteenth
amendment and punish, any and all persons convicted
of taking part in the mob that killed a citizen. The
constitutionality of the bill is doubtful, but it at least
offers a suggestion of a way to put an end to the
wrong. Perhaps the Judiciary Committee of 'the
Senate can devise a better way. One thing is certain
—something." will have to be done. Lynch law has
become a horrible barbarism. It threatens a relapse
to savagery and.it must be suppressed by some form
of law or the law itself 'will lose the respect of the,
people.
instance has gone unpunished. It appears, then, that
the States cannot effectively grapple with the wrong.
Can the Federal Government intervene and do jus
tice? ". '. : -' ; ?^ :^'i '¦'-"'. % '-¦ '
6
residence daringr the snmmer months can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by notify Ins The Call Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent In
all towns on the const.
Call subneribers contemplating? a changre of
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAY1KG T0flH FOB. TBE SUMMER.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator,
Best Liver Medicine, Vegetable Cure for Liver Ills
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 27, 1902.
¦ Francisco Bay.' Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
¦ NOTE — The- high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-llvo minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
BRITISH SHIP WHICH ARRIVED IN THIS PORT LAST SUNDAY FROM
GLASGOW AFTER. AN. EVENTFUL VOYAGE, DURING WHICH SHE
: TWICE NARROWLY ESCAPED DESTRUCTION.
TUESDAY, MAY 27.
150 bbls flour, 31 cs boots and shoes. 8
pkgs bicycles and sundries. 940 lbs bread.
70.164 lbs bran. 6277 lbs corn, 14.084 lbs mid
dlings, 200 lbs meal. 1750 bales hay 460*» lbs
beans. 4115 lbs oats. 269.175 lbs rolled "bar
ley. 31 ctls ¦wheat. 250 lbs butter, 309 lbs
cheese. 254 cs canned goods. 672 sks coal «>4
pkrc dry goods. 12 pkgs drugs, 20 pkgs fresh
fruit. 717.010 lbs fertilizer, C9 pkgs groceries
and provisions. 639 lbs ham and bacon, 41
cs liquors, 150 lbs hops. 1820 lbs lard. 200
rbls lime. 6870 ft lumber, 31 kegs nails 785
The bark Santiago, wbllcb sailed on Sun
day for HIlo. carried & general cargo, valued
at $37,562, Including the following merchan
dise and produce:
A Cargo for HUo.
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER. SHIP CHANNEL
ACROSS THE BAR AS FAR AS ASTORIA,
OREGON.
Notice is hereby given that the Peacock Spit
bell buoy, a nun-shaped latticework body
surmounted by a bell, heretofore reported hav
ing gone adrift from its position, was replac
ed on its station May 24. 1902.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. Pacific Coast. 1902. page 52.
By order of the Lighthouse Board
W. P. DAY,
Commander. V. S. N.. Lighthouse Inspector.
Office of U. S. Inspector Thirteenth Light
house District. Portland, Or., May 24 1902.
The United States Navy hospital steamship
Solace called yesterday for Guam and Manila.
Among her passengers were sixty-four cadets
for distribution among the ships of the Asiatic
squadron.
Sails for^tlie Orient.
Coptic Sails To-Day.
The Occidental and Oriental steamship Cop
tic will sail at 1 o'clock to-day for the Orient.
Bhe will carry a large number of passengers
and has a larger cargo than vessels on this
run have carried for some time.
Edith Arrives.
The steam collier Edith, Captain Holt ar
rived yesterday, ninety-three hours from Seat
tle.
The British ship Lydgate was cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders, with 87.301
cental* wheat, valued at ?99.625 and 23,000
feet lumber as dunnage, valued at 5300.
Shipping Merchants.
patters of Interest to Mariners an«l
1TEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Popular Railroad Man Promoted.
The Denver and Rio Grande Railroad
Company has decided to establish a local
offlc in Los Angeles. Timothy Mee. for
many years traveling passenger agent for
the company, with headquarters In this
city has been appointed as general agent
of Southern California. His appointment
was a pleasant surprise to his friends, as
he is immensely popular throughout the
entire State. He is a prominent member
of the Elks. Brodie K. Smith has been
appointed traveling passenger agent here
to succeed Mr. Mee.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sale
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
triD) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery.
408 Taylor street. 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Notice to Passengers.
The case ot T. J. Estrange and Charles
Crawford, charged with vagrancy, was
dismissed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
They were arrested at the depot. Third
anc". Townsend streets," last Friday night
by Detectives Crowley and Lewin of tne
Southern Pacific. The Judge held that
the allegations in the complaint had not
been sustained. John Hansen and Ed
ward Price, alias the "Sheeny Kid," ar
rested on Market street Saturday night
by Detectives Regan and O'Connell on a
charge of vagrancy, were called, before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday and the cases
continued till to-morrow.
Alleged Bunko Men Dismissed.
The case of obtaining money by false
pretenses against Oscar S. Rothschild,
sen of the senior member- of the. firm of
Rothschild & Ehrenpfort, candy manu
facturers, 33 Main street, was dismissed
by Judge Cabaniss yesterday. Repre
sentations were made to the Judge that
the young man was to be shipped as
cabin boy on a vessel to sail for South
Africa which would keep him out of
temptation. Detective Crockett was in
structed to see that he was taken oh
board the vessel, which is to sail this
morning. ,
Shipped as Cabin Boy.
gal3 oil. 34 pkgs onions. 205 pkga ! potatoes,
u74 bags plaster. 35 pkgs paper, 8 pkgs paste,
10 cs and 5 bbls salmon. 750 lbs starch. 25
cs soap. 29 bdls steel. 2770 lbs smoking tobac
co. 5 cs cigars. 20 cs whiskey, 0960 gals wine.
TO ARRIVE.
SYDNEY, NSW — Arrived May 26— Stmr Mo
ana, from Vancouver, via Honolulu, i
HONGKONG — Arrived May 26 — Stmr Vic
toria, from Victoria, B C, and Tacoma, via
Yokohama. • •
NEW YORK — Arrived May 26 — Stmr Zee
land, from Antwero.
BOSTON — Arrived May 26 — Stmr Merlon,
from Liverpool. . '
ST JOHNS, N F— Arrived May 26 — Strr.r
Euenos Ayrean, from Glasgow and Liverpool,
for Halifax and PhiladelDhla.
HAMBURG — Arrived May 26— Stmr Patri
cia, from New York, via Plymouth and Cher
bourg.
GIBRALTAR — Arrived May 26 — Stmr Trave,
from New York^ for Naples and Genoa. .
LIVERPOOL — Arrived May 26 — Stmr Liv
onia, from Montreal.
BREMEN— Arrived May 26— Stmr Bremen,
from New York, via Cherbourg.
LONDON— Sailed May 26— Stmr Manitou, for
New York. V
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VANCOUVER— Arrived May 26— Shto Dash
ing Wave, from Seattle.
PANAMA — Sailed May- 24^ — Stmr Argyll, for
San Francisco.
MAZATLAN — Sailed May 24^ — Stmr- City of
Sydney, for San Krancisco.
ANTWERP — In port April 25— Br__ship Sol
way, for Astoria.
VANCOUVER, B C — Sailed May 26 — Ship
Dash in? Wave, for Skacway; Br stmr Em
press of India, for Hongkong.
A man giving the name of "William Ad
ams was arrested by Detectives Ryan
and O'Dea last night and confessed to
having victimized merchants out of goods
valued at several hundred dollars.
Adams was formerly employed as an
assistant janitor in the Hay ward build
ing. He was discharged from that posi
tion and soon afterward, the police
charge, he forged the name of John Ad
ams, head janitor of the building, to
three orders for supplies. Afterward, the
police claim, he carried on a systematic
swindling of wholesale houses. It is
charged that he had printed letterheads
of a number of prominent buildings
throughout the city, and attiring himself
as a janitor would visit stores with orders
written on such paper and procure any
thing in the way of supplies he desired.
A partial list of the houses victimized
are- B. Dailam, $20; Palace Hardware
Company. $40; Baker & Hamilton, $100;
Boston -Rubber Company, $25; Montague
& Co., $15; Miller, Sloss & Scott, $40; Hol
brook, Merrill & Stetson, $20; Brown
Bros.. $40; Harry Unna Company, $10, and
Robinson & Co., $100.
plies on Forged Orders From
Buildings.
Tormer Janitor Secures Many Sup-
WHOLESALE HOUSES '
ABE HIS VICTIMS
J. Courtenay Bennett, the British Con
sul General, through F. W. Everton of
the Sailors' Institute, has Instituted
criminal . proceedings against Thomas
Murray and Harry Hansen, two sailors'
boarding-house keepers, for violating sec
tion 644 of the Penal Code by enticing
bailors from the British ship Stronsa,
which is a misdemeanor. The complaint
was sworn to by Everton before Judge
Cubaniss yesterday. He was accompanied
by the Consul General.
The ship arrived from Glasgow, Scot
land, Sunday and it is alleged that Mur
ray and Hansen and other boarding
house keepers rowed out to the vessel,
boarded her and treated the men in the
forecastle to whi3key and rum. The men
were promised good positions on coast
ing vessels if they would desert the ship.
Eight of them left with Murray and
Kansen and they were distributed among
the different boarding-houses on' the
front.
- Yesterday E. U. Simonsen, one of the
deserters, called at the office of the Brit
ish Consul General to be reshipped. Cap^
tain Jones of the Stronsa happened to be
in the . office at the time and recognized
Simonsen as one of his men. He asked
for an explanation and Simonsen told
about what had happened on board the
vessel on Sunday. It was at once de
cided to prosecute Murray and Hansen
as the term of service of the deserters
had not expired.
The section of the Penal Code under
which the complaint was drawn reads:
"Every person who entices seamen to de
sert from any vessel lying in the waters
of this State and on board of which they
have shipped for a term or voyage un
explred at the time of such enticement
is guilty of a misdemeanor."
Murray and Hansen were arrested and
released on $300 bonds each.
The British Consul General
Is~Interested in the
Proceedings.
T. Murray and J. Hansen
Are Arrested on
Warrants.
ENTICE SEAMEN
FROM A VESSEL
TO SAIL.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May 26, 1902.
Time Ball.
THE steamship George "W. Elder,
which arrived yesterday from
Astoria, had a terrific experience
at the outset of her outward voy
age frbm* this port. . She left
here on May 18 and all went well
until an attempt was made to
round Point Reyes. There was a big
sea runnine. but the Elder has faced big
seas before and Captain Clem Randall has
weathered' too many gales In tugboats to
feel fear on the. bridge of a stanch. Bteami
ship. As the Elder poked her nose around
the shelter of the point she received the
full force of the hurricane, in recording
which the weather man at the Point
Reyes station made a record that may
win him promotion. While the instru
ments in charge of, Weather Observer W.
W. Thomas were telling of wind velocity
that made the Galveston hurricane seem
like a trade wind. Captain Randall was
finding out that there were forces In
nature greater than could be generated In
the boilers of the Elder. The wind ef
fectually barred the steamship's progress
and every time her head appeared beyond
the lee of the/land, round it was whirled
by the awful force of the wind. After an
hour of fighting, in which the Elder made
not "one foot of headway, she turned tail
and ran for the friendly shelter of Drakes
Bay. There the Elder anchored about S
p. m. and there she remained until 5 a. m.
of May 19. There were eighteen coasting
schooners sheltering in Drakes Bay when
the iSlder reached the friendly anchorage
and before she resumed her voyage the
fleet was augmented by the German
steamship Serapis, the big freighter
Hyades and a few more sailing craft/
When the Elder sailed the following
morning she went out in the teeth of a
stiff gale, but was able to hold her own
and make fair time to her northern des
tination. Before leaving the steamship
the passengers took occasion to express
to Caotain Randall their appreciation of
his watchful care in the time of danger.
Captain Randall says that he never be
fore felt tho wind blow with such vio
lence.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE~In the above exposition of tl}Q tides
th» early morning tld#« a?« given, in the left
hand column and the - successive j tides of tho
day. In the order of occurrence as to time: tho
fourth time column gives the last tide of tho
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Const Survoy charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of tho lower low waters.
Movements of Steamers.
_ Monday, May 2<$.
Stmr Mashfield, Dettmers. 31 hours from Eu
reka, via Hardy Creek 19 hours.
Stmr Redwood City. Hansen, 11 hours from
Bowens Landing.
Stmr O C Lmdauer. Allen, 52 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Geo "W Elder, Randall, 60 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr Edith, Hall. 93 hours from Seattle.
Btmr State of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from San Dleso.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 51 hours from Coos
Bay.
btmr Ruth, Erlckson, 42 hours from Port
Lcs Angeles.
Stmr rianta Monica. Olsen, 26 hours from
Eureka; bound south; cut In to land passen
gers, r-
Bktn Arajro, Genbersr, 5 days from Wlllapa
Harbor.'
•;,;: CLEARED.
¦ ' -¦,-',- ¦ . •' r Monday, May 20.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jensen, .Victoria and
Port Townsend : Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Stmr- Newsboy, Andersen, Nome; Geo D Gray
& Co. , .
§tmr Chas Nelson, Schage, Seattle: E T
Kruse.
Br ship Lydsrate, Jones, Queenstown; J J
Moore & Co.
SAILED.
• Monday, May 20.
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, San Pedro.
Stmr "VVhltesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, San Pedro.
Stmr Arsro, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Celia, Hogan, Albion.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Newsboy, : Anderson, Nome.
Stmr Ruth, Krickson, Eureka.
U S Etmr Solace, Singer, Honolulu, Guam
and Manila.
Whaling stmr Bonanza, Smith, whaling voy
aje.
Bark Diamond Head. Peterson, Seattle.
Brig W G Irwln, Garthley, Roche Harbor.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Benedikston, Nome
and Golofnin Bay.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmanson, Coquille River.
/ SPOKEN.
f May 20, lat 47 N, Ion 27 W — Br ship Greta,
from Frassr River, for Liverpool.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT L0B08, May 26, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS
POINT LOBOS — Passed May 'M, at 6:30 a m
— Stmr Aztec, from Port Los Angeles, for Xa
nalmo.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 25 — Stmr South
Portland, hence May 20.
I Sailed May 25 — Schr Martha W Tuft, for
Nome; U-S stmr Manning for Bering Sea.
Sailed May 2(5 — Br ship . Dunslaw, for
Queenstown; schr Jas H Bruce, for Bristol
Bay.
Arrived May 26 — Stmr Centennial, hence
May 22.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 26— Schr
Wm 'H Smith, for St Michael. -
Passed May 26 — Stmr Mackinaw, hence May
22. for Tacoma: Br bark Dunslaw, for Queens
town.
Passed Inward May 20 — Stmr Centennial,
¦ hence May 22, for Seattle.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 26— Stmr Samoa j
from Bowens Landing; stmr Alcazar, from
Greenwood; stmr Santa Cruz, hence May 24.
Sailed May 26 — Stmr Santa Cruz, for San
Francisco.'
NEAH BAY — Passed out May 26 — Schr Mar
tha W Tuft, for Nome; .schr W H SmithVfor
St Michael; bktn Willie R Hume, for San
Pedro.
Passed in May 26— Br stmr Caithness, hence
May 21, for Comox. :,y - .
VENTURA— Sailed May 25— Stmr . Prentisa
for San Francisco. \
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed May 26— Bktn Re
triever, for San Francisco.'
PORTLAND— Arrived May 26 — Ship Speke
from Adelaide. - •
• Sailed May 2(5 — Stmr Alliance, for San Fran
cisco. ¦
TACOMA— Arrived May 25— Schr Fred E
Sander, from Port Townsend. May 26— Stmr
Selkirk, from Alaska; stmr Urflatllla, hence
May 21, and. called for Seattle; stmr South
Portland, from Seattle.
Sailed May 2«— Stmr Elihu Thomson, for
Alaska.
Sailed May 26 — Schr Philippine, for Hono
lulu. .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 20 — Schr Ida
Schnauer, for San Francisco.
COOS BAT— Arrived May 26— Stmr Signal,
hence May '22.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 26— Schr Geo W
Watson, from Port Blakeley; schr Wawona,
from San Pedro.
. EUREKA — Arrived May 25 — Stmr Eureka,
hence May 24; schr Ida McKay, from San
iPedro.' 1
Sailed May 23 — Stmr Santa Monica, for San
Francisco. ' ' \
Sailed May 26— Bktn Geo C Perkins, for
Honolulu; stmr Eureka, for San Francisco;
atmr Fulton, for San Francisco.- .
ASTORIA— Sailed May 2tt— Stmr Iaqua, for
San Francisco.
, FORT BRAGG— Sailed May 25— Stmr Noyo,'
for '. Redondo. . ' ;
ALBION RIVER— Arrived May 25— Stmr Al
bion I River, hence 'May 24.
BALLARI>— Sailed May 25 — Sehr Ruth E
Godfrey, for^San Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 24— Stmr
Newburg. May 25 — Schr Halcyon, for San"
Francisco; • schr. Fannie Adele, for Nome.
Arrived May 25 — Stmr San Pedro, hence
May-22. - ¦• ¦ : -
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed outward May
20 — Schr Ida Schnauer, from Port Gamble, . for
San Francisco; . bktn Retriever, from Port
Hadlock, for San Francisco. ,
. SEATTLE— Sailed May 20— Stmr -Excelsior,
for Valdes; stmr James H Bruce, for' Bristol
Bay. : ¦¦- • " - ' '¦ " • ¦•
- Arrived May 26— Stmr Centennial, from San
ASTORIA— Sailed. May 26— Stmr Iaqua. for
: S&llFranCl3C^REIGN PORTS. ' •
• SINGAPORE — : Arrived prior to May 26— Br
stmr Inventc, -.from ¦ Norfolk, for Manila.
NEWCASTLE,- England — Arrived May ,23 —
Br ship -Wlicnmbe Park, hence Jan 16. ,
¦ HULL— Sailed May 25 — Fr'-bark Empereur
Menelik, for San Francisco. v
. SHIELDS — Sailed May 25 — Br ship Metropo
lis, for San '- Francisco. .
. SWANSEA— Sailed May 20-^-Fr bark Jean,
for : San Francisco. •- " . ¦ *; .
• LAS'PAJ.MAS — Arrived prior to May 24—
Nor:stmr Mathilda, from- Tacoma.- \ :
¦ Newcastle; aus — sailed May 26 — ship st
David, •' for • Manila. * -:'['* :¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Steamship George W. Elder Reports a Rough Experience Off Point
Reyes on Last Voyage to Astoria, Where, the Storm
;. Her Progress and /After a Struggle Her to Drakes Bay
FINDS HER ENGINES OF NO AVAIL
AGAINST HURRICANE'S GREAT FORCE
7
Sun rises
Sun sets
Uoon rise
3 Time
» H~W
!7 1:20
!8 2:09
» 3:15
10 4:40
L W
tl 0:30
1 1:20
2 2:08
8 2:59
'8 '
Time • Time
Ft. Ft.
LW H W
4.5 8:39 0.5 4:17
4.2 9:21 0.8 4:56
3.9 10:11 1.1 5:35
B.7 11:08 1.4 5:15
H W L "\V
2.3 8:13 3.7 12:03
7.7 7:3.1 3.9 12:54|
1.0 8:50 4.0 1:45
0.1 9:55 4.2 2:3<3 ;
Ft.
4.5
4.7
4.9
CO
iiV6i"i
ITlmel
L w
0:00
10:20
11:20
.4:50
.7:23
3. m.
3.1
3.2
Ft.
1.8
2.1
2.S
2.5
H W
6:51
7:31
8:11
8:52
8.1
5.3
o.e
5.8
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
Brooklyn..
C Nelson. .
Olympic...
Rival
Valencia...
Pomona....
Rainier....
Coptic.....
Phnc-nlx....
Mnndalay..
Arctic
O. Dollar..
Coronado..
Cltv Tara..
G. Elder...
Arcata. . . . .
Kureka....
State Cal..
Coos Bay. .
May 2T. I
Point Arena
Seattle & Tacoma. .
Whatcom & Falrhvn
Willapa Harbor ...
Nome via Seattle..
Humboldt
Seattle & Whatcom.
China & Japan
May 38.
Mendoclno City ...
CoQutlle River
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Grays Harbor
Panama & Way...
AstoMa & Portland.
May 29.
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..
May 3O.
Dan Pedro & Way..
May 31.
Point Arena . .....
Humboldt
Honolulu ...........
Puget Sound Ports.
June 1. |
Grays Harbor j
San Diego & Way. .
Nome via Golofnin.
Portland & Way..'.
June 2. .
Humboldt . .........
Grays Harbor .....i
Astoria - & Portland
. . June 3. . '
Newport &-Way...
Nome & St. Michael
' i - June 5.
Puget Sound .Ports.
; ¦ • Jane , 6.
: China & Japan....
Ham be & Way Pts.
4 pm
10 am
5 pm
3pm
lt\am
1:30 p
5 pm
1 pm
3 pm|
5 pmi
12 m
4 pm
10 am
12 m
11 am
3 pin
9 am
0 am
J ft arn
i Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pter 2
Ptfr 9
Pier 9
Pier 2
PMSS
I Pier 13
iPier 2
Pier ,2
Pier 2
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
I ¦ • ¦
Pier IS
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 11
Pt. Arena..
North For*
AlamedP.. ..
Queen.....
2 pm
0 am
2 pm
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 7
Pier 0
Sequ^lr- . . .
Santa Rosa
C. Nelson..
Alliance. .;
I 4 pm|
0 am
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier —
Pier —
......
.,...,
S. Monica. .
Chebalis...
'Columbia..
10 am
4 pm
i 11 am
*•>¦»;?¦*¦:
IPler 2
Pier 2
Pier 24
Bonlta. . . . .
St. Paul..'.
I 0 am
Plerll
Pier —
I
I..:...
Umatilla...
11 am
Pier. 1 0
Amer. Marti
Serapis.....
l : pm
PMSS
Pier —
I
Steamer.
'or.
Sails.
Dlrlgo.. ..,. ;
E. Thompson.
Centennial..'
Dolphin......
Cottage City.
Senator. . . . . •
Garrone.l.'V. .
Koanoke....-
Ohio..*. ......
C. of Seattle;
C. of Topeka.
Farallon . . . . .
Oregon.. .....
chico .•..:.::.
-Lvra...v. :'.'..
Chus. Nelson.
Skairway - & Way Ports.
Nome & St. Michael...
Nome direct ¦•"......•. , ." .
Skagway ; & Way • Eorts.
Ekaicway, & Way Ports.
Name .........'.........
Nome & St. lllchael. . . .
Nome & St. Michael....
Nome & St. Michael....
Skagway; & ; Way Ports.
Skagway i & * Way ' Ports.
Skagway & w »y Ports.
Nome ...... . . ....... ;-. .
Hope City & Way Pts..
Nome & Bt. < Mlcnael; .».'.
CJolofnln ¦ Bay > direct.:".".
May 27
May. 27
May 29
May 29
May 30
Jun© 1
June . ' 1
June 1
June 3
June ' 4
June' 4
June { 5
June ' 6
June ' 5
June - 5
June . 5
AMUSEME2TTS.
vaudevilljTmagnates.
Peter F. Bailey and Company; Stuart
Barnes; Two Little Pucks; 8 Pic-
chiani Sisters; Midg-ley and Car-
lisle; Irfjtta Gladstone; Little Elsie;
Dooley and Fowley and the Bio-
graph.
SPECIAL UATINETDECORATHM DAY.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Ee2ts and Opera Chairs, BOc.
'Pflll IIMRIA SMmRCSD0 ' 8
IMISB THEATRE
Powell Street, Near Market.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK,
INCLUDING SUNDAY.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLT.
KATHRYN
KIDDER
In a NotableRevival of David Garrick'sComedy,
"THE COUNTRY GIRL."
Management of George H. Brennan.
Next "Week — Last Nishts of KATHRYN
KIDDER and her first appearances In Alex- !
ander Dumas'
"FRANCILLON."
PRICES......... $150. $1. 75c. BOc. 25c
TO-NIGHT— LAST MTEEK.
Tbe Successful Fun-maJdng Farce,
Brixton Burglary
SPECIAL FEATURE THIS WEEK.
PROF. BOTHVTELL BROWNE'S JUVENILE
RAGTIME
FLORODORA SEXTET.
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
FRIDAY. MAY 30.
IText Week— "HIS WIFE'S FATHER."
B£L£SCO *"*TrSALES vfcgTftgS
- TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE DECORATION DAY.
fNext FVlday.)
MATINEE EATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of tbe Melodramatic Suc-
cess of Two Continents,
Hands Across
the 8c8>
' Strong Cast — Scenic Effects of Rare Magnitude.
rDircc Evenings 10c to BOc
\lxV*L.3 Matinees 10c, 15c, 25c
ICext Week— "SIDEWALKS OF NEW YORK.*
£" EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
DON'T FORGET'. ThU is tbe FOURTH and
LAST WEEK of the Most Charming
of Operas,
THE
SINGING GIRL
Wednesday. May 28— MISSION REBEKAH
LODGE, L O. O. F.. BENEFIT.
MONDAY. June 2 — The Famous Favorite^
"THE TOY MAKER."
POPULAR PRICES ......25c. 50c -wnd 75c
-
DO NOT NEGLECT
THE LITTLE JLIS OF TO-DAY
The Use of
PAINE'S
Celery Compound
Will Eradicate From the Blood
v *" and System the Seeds •
of Disease.
As grains of sand make our lofty moun-
tains, drops of water trie mighty ocean
and as our massive buildings are made of
one brick piled upon another, so do the
little ilia of life contribute to the building
up of deadly diseases In the body.
Experienced medical men claim that
fully three-fourths of our men and wom-
en enter the summer season with little ills
and symptoms of disease, which must de-
velop into serious and fatal troubles If
not banished at once.
We hear our friends complaining daily
of rheumatic tendencies, sharp and dart-
ing neuralgic pains, dyspepsia, pains in
the side and back, nervousness and sleep-
lessness; and we see with our own eyes
the effects of impure blood In facial
blotches, eruptions and sores. The llttl*
ills and pains of to-day build up the
alarming and fatal diseases that follow
days and weeks of neglect.
Wise and Intelligent people who have
looked into the claims of Palne's Celery
Compound and followed its remarkable
cures of relatives, friends and neighbors,
use It themselves with faith and confi-
dence to banish their symptoms of com-
ing troubles, to cleanse the blood, to re-
establish nerve force, energy and bodily
strength, so that they will be in condition
to withstand the enervating effects of the
coming hot weather.
In every community where Palne's Cel-
ery Compound has been used at this sea-
son to banish disease it is regarded as a
gedsend. Workers in offices, shops, fac-
tories and weary and rundown wives and
mothers in their homes have thanked
heaven for Dr. Phelps' marvelous pre-
scription, because it made them well. Try
a bottle or two, ye .who are ailing and
sick; It will give you what you most
stand in need of— health and new life.
Diamond DrOS Color anything any color.
¦^ Never fall! Alwaya guret
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIRE ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OK
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. l»01. and for the year ending ©a
that day. ?s made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid up
»n cash $ 500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. 512.100 CO
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1.311,570 4.9
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,132.919 25
Amount of Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
ether marketable securities as
collateral 68.830 00
Cash in Company's Office 28,073 7«
Cash in Banks 2*4,355 04
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 28,838 48
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 30,141 09
Premiums in due course of collec- -'•--»
"on : 833,240 02
Duo for Salvage on losses paid.... 1.013 41
Rents due and accrued 2,660 S8
Due from other Companies for Re- ' ¦
Insurance on losses already paid. 7,530 02
Total Assets J6.315.218 02
LIABILITIES. ~~'
I.osres adjusted and unpaid $ 100,565 06
Losses tn process ot Adjustment
or in Suspense , 175,005 64
Losses resisted, including expenses 4&.0&4 Uti
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $2,371.-
329 24; re-lnsurancc 50 per cent #.183,664 62
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,566,-
455 07; re-insurance pro rata... 1,397,177 51
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance pol-
icies 1,906.027 47
All other liabilities 360.648 10
Total Liabilities $5,265,083 33
INCOME. '""
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums . i $3,216,972 17
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 85,972 07
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ........ 157,766 94
Received for Rents 25,752 20
Total Income f3.316.463 23
EXPENDITURES. ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $246,183 37. losses of
previous years) $2,084,034 30
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 798.142 19
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 236,440 00
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 95,448 29
All other payments and expendl-
tures y — . 155,910 02
Total Expenditures .$3.560.975 79
Fire.
Lcsses Incurred daring the year. .$2.223,716 90
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. | Premlumt.
Net amount . of Risks
written during the
year $340,732,328 $4,359,881 S3
Net amount of Risks _
expired during the -
year 311,571.332 3,815,637 01
N*t amount in force
December 31. 1901. 408,113.644 4.037.784 31
E. C. IRVIN. President.
M. O. GARRIGUES, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 22d
day of January. 1902.
EDWIN S. GATJLT. Notary Public
SAN FRANCISCO DEPARTMENT:
J. M. BECK Manager
219 Sansomc Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
TELEPHONE MAIN 5024.
c H •
1 Hils wET *mtJm a ofl GJfel
« CSSwi 1 i?T *Vx8 MsBte IS
I EsSf & H&nli 9 @P J
gPfffag^ RUPTURE]
W^^gggvC^P^ELECTUIC TKISS H
M —^^ "frothing like it. Comfort tt Kg
f —^iSS^r* security! a" Perfect Kat*m«r. S
t§ /M \xt does th» work! 1ST Call or SUB
% "//3\ "• Writ« j!*/ayfor"»OO!ILSTSO.l, "g|
>&tJj£/ * Address: Maiuetfc E.Tntss Cft, f*£N
206 Post Street, Ssn Fnndsco, CaU M|; 1
Or 33 W. 24th St^ Now Yoxk, X«ti«» flu* raptr ¦*¦
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. ....
A PESTIFEROUS GERM
Burrows Up the Scalp Into DandruS
and Saps the Hair's Vitality.
People who complain of falling hair as
a rule do not know that It is the result
of dandruff, which is caused by a pestif-
erous parasite burrowing up the scalp as
it digs down to the sheath in which the
hair is fed in the scalp. Before longr the
-fcair root is shriveled up and the hair
drops--out. If the work of the germ is not
destroyed hsJr keeps tldnnlng {tt\ bald-
ness comes. The only way to cure dan-
druff Is to kill the germ, and until now
there has been no hair preparation that
would do It; but to-day dandruff is easily
eradicated by Newbro's Herplcide, which
makes hair glossy and soft as silk.
For Stomach Disorders.
. Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline j Water
220 BROADWAY. N. T.
P/il/lff* Desirable location,
I ulflVW unsurpassed cuisine,
u n e q u a 1 ejL ser-
?1 fin vice and modern'
if llll "„ conveniences are the
~ j attributes " that , have
' nf^lff H nude these two ho-
UlulIU tels popular with
__ -¦ t tourists ¦ and v .travel-*'
* H AT A I C ers wn o visit San ;
UUlWip Francisco. .
AHIUSEMEKPTS.
ANOTHER BIO WEEK AHEAU.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
?5B!?Sffi THURSDAY ll% & \
Q -O
. ' BY PUBLIC DEMAND.
Mr. James Neill & Co.
Presenting all this week Sol Smith Russell's
Comedy Success,
A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Next— SUNDAY NIGHT.
THE RED KNIGHT
By George H. Broadhurst.
SEATS THURSDAY.
BPECIAIi DECORATION DAY MATINEE
FRIDAY. MAY 30th.
Usual Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
Instantaneous Success of America's Magnetic
Star,
MAUDE FEALY
In J. M. Barrie's Original Version of
"THE LITTLE MINISTER."
First Time on Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
NEXT WEEK— "MY LADY DAINTY."
Fischers Theater.
We TTa New
Had :: Officer
to :: Last
Get :: Night
SO CHEAT WAS THE CRUSH t
Our eld officer couldn't keep the line in
order and he was sent home In an ambulance
for reDairs. There was a perfect scramble
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
With Kolb, Dill, Bernard, Blake, Hennsen and
Amber, Gallick and Hope, Emerson and the
greatest of all choruses.
Remember the Decoration Day Matinee on
Friday, 25 cents.
y.:> Children at Matlr-agj, 10 cents.
Itlfc CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.*
VAUDEVILLE EVEBiTaFTERKOON AND
EVENING.
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE: BACON AND
VANE: BYRNE AND WEST: MAUDE AND
GLADYS 8ORENSEN; JACK . SYMONDS
and NEW MOVING PICTURES. '
A Host of Attractions ontha Grounds.
RIDE THE MILE SCENIC RAILWAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission ...10c Children ,...6c
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS
Will Open Mghts On and After
Saturday, May 31," 1902.
DR. HALL'SREINVIGORATORfraW
£itops all losses In 24 hours. Flvo SLSspSMBW
hundred reward for any case we mS53l E3ft\
cannot cure. This secret rem- sT ¦ ¦ m
«?dy cures Emissions, Impotency, EKR9 RflSi
Varlcocele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. |»gtf3 KSJffl
Etrlctures, Drains, Lost Man- Wlii |i*l>J
hood and all other wasting; ef- BvjfS E»9
fects of self-abuse or excesses. ESttZOSBlia
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; a bottles. (5; guaranteed
to cure any. case. Call or- address order.
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at 107316
Market st., S. F. Send tor free book.
|j|| \ When Food Fails
l^M of its Purpose
L^gl with consequent poverty of
!§ 1811 kl°°d and energy
M llll ANHEUSER-BUSCH*S -
t-xi."t!iJlV. " : liifflEwM^B-BaBi Timoa mask.
a sure and positive correc-
l^^^^^^jtion. It aids digestion and is
itself a food in liquid form.
fS'^S^s"" 8 ! All druggists sell it. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
Wuy' 'JmHtS^S^iitfHRflBs "Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Mlchelob,
*Bjjjft|jiiilUH™gggBB^f V Black 6 Tan > Pale-Lager, Faust. Anheusen
""III 1 miliifcm^gW"^^ Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite. ,
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
When the bowels are constipated
the blood becomes impure. The
Bitters is the best known laxative
and blood purifier.
It will cure Sick Headachy, Indiges-
tion, Dyspepsia and Mafai'ia, Fever
and Ague. A trial will convince you
Superior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex. > -
Apioline Capsules for three months cost $1.
. Druggist or P. O. Box2081, New York.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S creat^
$HUSEUH OF ANATOHY$
A Qh . 1SS1 £1231257. til fi±*7&,S.r.Cil. ( ;
\ CJr The Largest Anatomical Museum in «he
Q -J JTij .. ¦ World. W eaknesse* ot any contracted / I
Y gjCT Fi'v'} *»ea*e positlwely eared hy the oldest '
O fj3 jSj 1 Specialist en tbe Cout. E«L 36 yean. Q
iQjM? a OR* J0RDAK-D1SEASES CF MEH A
f ritttraf) Consultation free and stiicjljr prirate. \
B j5^t H Treatment personally or by Utter. A m
fl • ST Si M P**Mn Out* in e»ery owe undertaken. T
Ft II ft Wrj te fnT n ° ok - I>BILOM)PnV«rA
II 1^ MAURI ACS. MAILED FUES. ( A Y
A «i cr ' Taluilble book 1ot mr ") . \
Y K»B. JORDAN «fe CO.. 1051 Market St..S. P. 9
This signature Is on every box of the gexrafn*
Laxative Brorao-Quinine Taw e u
Vtxt remedy that enres a cold in one <to»
Trrrr"niritmriiiMinmirri^n'iriT*TrnrTT-ini«ini nnn*. -uniiiiT^IUnder the auspices of the Local Coun
cil of Women a meeting will be held on
Thursday evening at 8 o'clock at Century
Hall In the Interests of the Consumers'
League. Mayor Schmitz will preside and
Mrs. Frederick Nathan will address the
meeting on the work of the Consumers'
League.
Among the honorary vice presidents of the
Consumers' League of the city of New York
are the sister of President Roosevelt, the wife
of the Mayor of New York and the wife of the
Embassador to England and other persons of
welsht.
Shoppers must form leagues • and give pref
erence as far as practicable to those stores
where "- employes are treated fairly; where
clerks receive a fair- living wage and where
reasonably short working days are in effect;
where seats are provided behind the counters
and where the surroundings are sanitary and
cheerful. •
It /is not the purpose ¦ of ' the Consumers"
league ta arouse the antagonism of the mer
chants.' The league realizes, the difficulties of
the storekeeper in endeavoring to maintain
high business principles under the oressure of
cutthroat competition. -- ,
We. pay. nil our bills -promptly so that em
ployes may, also be. paid regularly. This is
always a duty, and. It ls of vital Importance
j. in the case of dressmakers, milliners, tailors,
grocers and all small" employers. "We avoid
rush orders , to tailors,, dressmakers - and • so
forth,, so that . the employer may be under no
temptation to oblige a : customer by breaking
the law restricting, the. hours of labor.
¦ A woman . who Joins our league agrees to
shop early in the day. She does not Insist that
her goods shall be delivered on the same day,
declining to receive anything after 6 p. m.
This enables the delivery men. and errand boys
to nnlsh their labors early. A member of our
league does her Christmas -shopping early. She
avoids shopping in the evening and on Satur
day afternoons. She does not even ring up the
grocer or the butcher by telephone on Saturday
afternoons and orders goods. ¦ ' ¦ /
3 The. majority of employers are virtually help
less .'to maintain a high standard as to hours,
wages and working conditions under, the stress
of ¦• competition, unless sustained by the . co
operation of 'consumers.
In an interview Mrs. Nathan said:
Among yesterday's arrivals at the Pal
ace Is Mrs. Frederick Nathan, president
of the Consumers' League of j New York.
She is a well-known, society woman : of
New York, but in the -last, few years has
devoted all her leisure time to securing as
much : as , possible better conditions for
those who . are ; employed in retail stores.
She is accompanied" on her tour of the
coast by her husband,- a- beautiful daugh
ter and a niece, who is a resident. of
Brighton, England. .-.-.. .
Mrs. .Nathan says -that she ' is very
anxious for every woman in Caliiornia to
join the Consumers' Association, and that
through' this course she sees the only way.
M making the burden of the girls that
work in stores lighter. £
Mrs. Frederick Nathan, Presi
dent Consumers' League,
, Reaches This City,
yoman. Whose Mission
Is to Lighten Human ;>
Burdens Arrives.
EXTENDS HELPING
HAND TO TOILERS
Petitions In Insolvency were filed yes
terday in the United States District Court
as follows: Allen de Lair, carpenter, Sul
cun, liabilities $9055 68, no assets; L. M.
Cogglns, - box factory. Chlco, liabilities
£322 31, assets $1112.
Petitions' in Insolvency.
"The Brixton Burglary," . which last
night began a second week's run -at the
Alcazar Theater, promises to make the
patrons of • the popular playhouse laueh
to their hearts' content. Studded as it is
with spasms of. superb comedy, it gives
th«. clever funmakers of the stock com
pany^ an' excellent opportunity todisplav
their ability. The plot of the - popular
Alcazar.
A meeting was held last night in Cen
iury Hall, 1215 Sutter street, at 8 o'clock
by the Local Council of Women, of which
Mrs. Swift is president and Mrs. E. J.
Fester secretary. The meeting was held
In the Interests of the Consumers' League
Mrs. Florence Kelley delivered an ad
dress, in •which she spoke of the neces
sity cf forming such a league Irf this city
On Thursday evening a meeting will be
held in Century Hall under the auspices
of the Local Council of Women. Mayor
Schmitz will be present and the meeting
will be addressed by Mrs. Frederick
Nathan. An effort will be made to estab
lish the league in this city at this meet
ing.
By Invitation of the South Park Settle
ment Mothers' Club Mrs. Florence Kelley
will speak at the settlement house 86
Scuth Park, this afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The meeting will be in the Interests of tha
Consumers* League and is open to the
public
Mrs. Kelley Makes an Address.
"A Bachelor's Romance" pleasantly en
tertained a large audience at the Califor
nia last night. The Nelll company- as a
whole appears to unusual advantage in
this -play. Nelll himself, however, is per
haps better ¦ adapted for a more serious
part than that of the fossilized editor,
and Edythe Chapman, unfortunately, has*
a role of minor importance. The placeof
leading lady: is filled very, acceptably nev
ertheless by Mary Elizabeth Forbes, who
In voice, action and expression seems al
most a counterpart of Miss Chapman.
Lillian Andrews as Miss Clementina is
exceedingly amusing. John ¦ W., Burton,
Donald Bowles and Clifford Dempsey add
materially to the fun of the comedy. One
of the most pleasing features of the play
is the final scene, • where , the literary and
social lights have forgotten their usual
vocations and amusements and are huge
ly enjoying themselves • in - simple rustic
pursuits.
California.
Chutes.
An excellent vaudeville programme was
enjoyed at both performances at the
Chutes yesterday by large audiences. Da
vis and De Hearde, a clever colored cou
ple, scored a distinct hit and were en
cored for their sin gins: of "The Phre
r.olopist Coon" and "I Want to Be a
leading Lady." The talented Sorensen
children, Maude and Gladys, presented
new specialties, even better than those
of last week; Jack Symonds. the merry
minstrel, told new stories and sang new
pongs: Byrne and West changed their act
and Bacon and Vane continued their ope
ratic success. "Pygmalion and Galatea."
The animatoscope showed many new and
amusing moving pictures. Thursday night
the success of last week, the Florodora
sextet by amateurs, will be repeated.
engagement at the Grand Opera-house
last night in "The Little Minister." The
house was packed and she met with a
very flattering reception, being called be
fore the curtain after the close of each
act. She gave a charming portrayal of
the part of Lady Babbie. There is a natu
ralness about her acting that is capti
vating, and it was no wonder that the
Little Minister was fairly bewitched by
her. In the scene. where Gavin avows his
love for her before her father and Cap
tain Halliwell she was particularly ef
fective. Herschel Mayall was very suc
cessful as Gavin Dlshart His represen
tation of the character was manly, dig
nified and modest. Gardner Crane as
Thomas Whammond. the chief elder, had
a poor conception of the part. He made
it too melodramatic and missed the fine
points of a character that should stand
cut prominently. Fred J. Butler was ef
fective as Rob Dow and William Bernard
was convincing as Lord Rintoul. Donah
Benrlmo presented a fine piece of char
acter work as Felice, the French maid.
The rest of the support was not up to
the mark. It would be an advantage if
the attempt to speak the Scotch dialect
was abandoned. The scenery was ex
cellent.
Grand Opera-House.
Miss Maude Fealey, the youngest lead
ing lady In the country, commenced an
Orpheum.
Orpheum patrons have everything: that
is coming to them in the way of amuse
ment this week. There is not a number
on the programme that ls not first-class.
That the show is appreciated is evidenced
by the hearty applause that greets the
least effort of the performers. Peter F.-
Dailey. of course, is the headllner. With
the aid of an able company the Irrepressi
ble Peter gets a whole lot of fun out of a
skit entitled the "Dress Rehearsal."
Sager Midgley and Gertie Carlisle present
"After School" with great cleverness, and
Lotta Gladstone, as the "Quaint Country
Girl,". makes a hit as soon as she appears
Her laughing song is as clever a piece of
work as has been seen here In some time.
Stuart Barnes' monologue and songs,
given in his own Inimitable manner, and
the two little Pucks make the audience
merry for a quarter of an hour. The rest
of the show is equal to the Orpheum
standard.
Central.
"Hands Across the Sea," the Central
Theater attraction for the current week,
scored an immense hit last night on its
production by a cast which was strong,
both In an artistic and a numerical sense.
The play is full of life and action, and
the.re are thrilling scenes in . ev/ery act.
The drama ls magnificently . staged, and
the scenic artists of, the Central merit
praise for the excellence of their work.
Few pieces have been put on locally : of
late that have demanded such a wealth
of scenery, and the crowded house last
night gave enthusiastic evidence of their
Immortals may know— introduces
Kathryn Kidder to San Francisco for the
season of 1902 most felicitously. The char
acter of the title, as well as the comedy
Itself, are froth of the very lightest sort.
The women are addle-headed fools — the
women of the play, mind you, the make
believe ones— the men are ninnies and
roues, or a combination of both: there ¦
is not a noble line in the piece, not a
holy emotion, not a touch of natural
humor of the kind that is appreciated in
the twentieth century, and the wicked
ness is so. open and unabashed that it
loses its spice. But the audience laughs
through it all*and gets Its money's worth,
not from the lines, but from the merit of
the actors. Miss Kidder faced her first
San Francisco audience of the year, she
informed her manager, with nc little
trepidation and uncertainty, she whose
fame has become certain beyond all cavil,
but the warm greeting of generous and
grateful San Francisco when she bounded
upon the stage in her unhandsome make
up dispelled all her misgivings, and, reas
sured, she played the part of Peggy for
all that was in it. There was only one
little shortcoming and that was in her
make-up. She is spoken of by her in
tended husband as ugly, but the make-up
revealed so much of Kathryn amid so lit
tle of Peggy that the audience didn't
think it at all strange that Mr. Bellville
should fall in love with her. The support
ls first class, especially the women.
Marion Ashworth is a stately beauty, with
ey"es that " do very many heart-breaking
tricks in the role of Alithea. Miss Olga
Flinck, the Lucy of the cast, is a sou
brette of the first water. None of the au
dience would suspect that she Is almost a
novice and that Lucy ls the first role of
any- prominence that she has ever -been
favored with. The fun-maker is Sparkish.
He is a most excellent fool and his drun
ken scene in the last act kept the house
in a titter. His other name is Robert
Ferguson, and if he plays other char-*
acters as well as that he is cheap for
his salary. T. C. Hamilton as Mqody does
the heavy work and does it well. Nor
man Hackett, an excellent actor in
Shakespearian tragedy, ¦ with a staccato
laugh four fathoms deep, acts well when
he forgets - Macbeth, which Is seldom.
His song in the garden scene, however,
more than made up for the misfit. Mon
roe Salisbury was well fitted to the role
of Bellville. There was a good house
and the applause was liberal.
AS the play bill puts it, "David
Garrick's Immortal Comedy,
•The Country Girl' "—though why
it should be Immortal only the
M. L. AIsop as Septimus, the man
whose attempt to hide the truth of a
"quiet little time" from his wife and who
thereby gets everybody, including him
self, in a peck of serious trouble with the
police, is the limit. He infuses a vein of
original wit into the part and dresses it
up considerably. George Osbourne, his
stage father-in-law, gives the ,various sit
uations In the piece a tinge of quaint
humor that Is particularly pleasing. Juliet
Crosby makes an excellent Petunia, and
Marlon Convere, the easily deceived wife,
comes in for her share of favorable criti
cism. Henry Shumer, Lillian Elliot, Oza
Waldrop, Frank Bacon, Walter Belasco
and Harry Scott carry their parts well, as
.usual.
comedy is too well known to need men
tion. .
appreciation of the efforts to please. The
cast embraces Miss Fanny Mclntyre,
Earle Brown, Georgie Cooper, Edwin Em
ery, William Bray. James Corrlgan,
Julius McVlcker, Stanley Ross, George
Webster, Frank Thompson, Agnes Rank
en, George Nicholls and Herbert Farjeon,
and consists of thirty people in all. Stan
ley Ross and George. Webster have French
character roles, and fill the bills excel
lently. Edwin Emery and Georgie Cooper
furnish some very pleasing comedy, while
James Corrigan shows his versatility in
making as much out of the serious part
of Melville, the reckless financier,, as he
usually does out of comic parts. Julius
McVicker essays the heavy villain with
credit. Earle Brown, as John Dudley, the
fugitive from French injustice, gave an
Impersonation that was worthy and sat
isfying, and Fanny Mclntyre was the
heroine to perfection: In one short week
she has won her way to favor, at the
Central, and her talent and ability give
assurance of continued treats during her
engagement. The revolving "prison scene
in "Hands Across the Sea is a splendid
bit of stage mechanism, while, the ship
scene, where the British merchantman is
overhauled by a French gunboat, is real
istic and exciting in the extreme. On
Friday, May 80, Decoration Day, the Cen
tral will give a special matinee perform
ance of "Hands Across tne Sea." ¦
Tivoli.
"The Singing Girl" continues at the
Tlvoli Opera-house. The music of this
light opera is very popular and is being
hummed all over town. The Tivoli com
pany does justice to the opera, Annie
Meyers makes a charming singing girl
and Messrs. Hartman, Webb and Cash
man keep the audience In good humor
with their droll sayings and topical, songs.
The chorus renders Its numbers In unison
and In harmony. ' The play will be suc
ceeded next week by "The Toy Maker,"
the big success of last season.
Fischer's.
"Fiddle Dee Dee," the burlesque that
has scored such a hit .with the theater
goers of this city, began its tenth week
at Fischer's last night. The attendance
was as large as on the opening night.
New songs were introduced and were ap
preciated by the audience, j The work of
Kolb and Dill, Barney Bernard, Maud
Amber, Harry Hermsen and other clever
members of the company was well re
ceived. The burlesQue bids fair to have
an almost endless run at the theater.
A GROUP OF CLEVER MEMBERS OF THE THEATRICAL PROFESSION. WHO ARE ENGAGED NIGHTLY IN
ENTERTAINING PLAYGOERS AND WINNING FRESH LAURELS AT SOME OF THE LEADING PLACES OF
AMUSEMENT IN THIS CITY.
To-night the following games will be
played: Cole and Johnson vs. Starr and
Ofits; Sherry and J. R. Cole vs. Lyon3
end Lyons: Cunningham and Martin vs.
Gartland and Bullion. To-morrow night
Russ and Levy are to play Butz and Ken
nedy. Bogcn and Gibbons are to play
Cartwright and Gleason and FItzpatrick
and Forbes meet Collins and Converse.
The third class game, was won by
Clough and Bullion, who defeated Gart
land and Atkinson bv a score of 21—4,
15— 2L 21—9.
The second class game was between
"W'egner and Gallett and Timothy J.
Lyons and his son. Father and son won
by a score of 21 — 4 and 21 — 5.
"Rough house" handball contests were
played at the Olympic Club last night be
tween Henry Russ and Louis Levy and
Jack Gleason and Bill Cartwright. Tha
former team won by a. score of 21 — 11 and
21 — 16. but during- the game the contest
ants forgot they were playing handball.
They bumped each other around the
court, got in each other's way and
smased each other with the ball.
Olympic Club by Athletic
i Members.
Sxciting Contests Are Played at the
HAUDBAIiL PLAYERS MEET
IN TOTJUN-AMENT GAMES
At the conclusion of Miss Perry's tes
timony the hearing went over until this
morning.
When pressed by Mark to tell who the
Director was Miss Perry refused to an
ewer. The witness said Blanchard had
at all times treated her unjustly and on
several occasions had "sneaked" into her
room through the back way.
.Miss Perry told him she had made en
tries of the matter in the school register
at the dictation of the principal. This
ir eluded the statement that the boy was
guilty of disobedience, absence from
school, lying, insolence and forgery. Miss
Perry said that when Blanchard ordered
her to write a statement on the black
board that other boys would be whipped
as John Raggio had been if their con
duct did not improve, she directed one
of her pupils to do the writing. Miss
Perry also testified that she had been
dismissed from her position one evening
by Blanchard, who said that it was for
his own interest that he did so. Miss
Ferry said that she was under the im
pression that she was to retain her posi
tion permanently. Asked where she had
got that impression she replied that one
of the Directors had intimated that she
was safe because no one else wanted the
class, as it was very unruly.
Miss Perry, who was an extra substi
tute in the Hancock school, testified that
Bianchard came into her room with the
rote of excuse and said:
"This is a forgery. John is a liar.
This is a *dbck-and-bull* story."
Mrs. Raggio, the mother of the boy,
gave her testimony through an interpre
ter. She testified that she knew her boy
ha.<l been a truant but he had promised
to reform. . She also testified that she
fcaw her boy write the note but nothing
important was developed by Mrs. Rag
gio's testimony.
John itaggio was the lirst witness
piaced on tne stand. He testified as to
111s truancy and the writing of an ex
cuse. The note was introduced in evi
dence and purported to have been signed
by the mother of the boy. Young Kag
eio stated that in giving the note to his
principal he Informed nim that a lady
r.iid written it. He afterward admitted
that he wrote the note himself, but with
the full consent of his mother. Raggio
suid that Dr. Blanchard had shaken mm
alter the talk about the note.
At the outset of the trial it was decided
by the vot»s of three Directors that evi
dence that Blanc hard had been brutal to
the boy would not be accepted because
the charge had already been disposed of
when Blanchard had been reprimanded
by the Board. Director Roncovieri voted
against dropping the charge of inflicting
unusual punishment on tne ground thai
Blanchara haa never been tried on mat
charge. Blanchard had for his attorney
¦\V. \\. Sanderson, and tne prosecution
was conductea by F . J2. Latimer.
Milton E. Blanchard, principal of the
Hancock Grammar School, was on trial
before the Board of Education yesterday
on charges of unprofessional conduct and
a violation of the rules in having severe
ly flogged a pupil, John Raggio.
Miss Emma Perry Is the
Main Witness for the
Prosecution.
School Board Begins the
Trial of Accused
Principal.
PUTS BLANCHARD
ON HIS DEFENSE
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL j TUESDAY,- MAY 27, 1902.
and Orpheum Amuse— "Brixton Burglary " at Alcazar
Frothy Play but Capable Actors at Columbia~"Bachelor's
Romance" E ntertains Galifornia's Patrons---Fischers
KATHRYN KIDDER IN "COUNTRY GIRL"
IS ACCORDED VIGOROUS PLAUDITS
8
BEf* LEVY & GO. FR S",£2r s
BOSTON. TwAsSi
Lablache Pace Powder, is a' positive
benefit to the skin. ; It freshens.rclears,
beautifies. Restores and g preserves the
natural softness of the skin," while the
counterfeit powder will . injure the com-
plexion. We ask . that, every lady, using
Lablache Pace Po'wder.wlll examine the
label of the box carefully, and if in doubt
as to the genuineness of the powder, send
us the circular or the cover of the box to-
gether with the name of the; dealer from
whom" the powder was purchased, and If
it ; is the counterfeit, . she v wlll be ' advised
by return mail, so that she can '.demand
.that her money be refunded; and whoever
sold it will ,be prosecuted to 'thei full ex-
tent of the law. Fifty cents per box of
all reliable . druggjsts or by • malL ~ ' •. ;
Who steal your money by forcing upon
you a dangerous counterfeit powder when
you ask ' for the genuine ¦ Lablache
Powder. Give your trade to honest and
reliable dealers who will sell you the gen-
uine Lablache Face-Powder, the stand-
ard toilet powder, , which is In general use
by the best and most distinguished women,
not only in America, but also in London,
Paris, Dresden, j Hongkong, .:¦ Shanghai,
Japan ; and Manila, and,* In, fact, every-
where. Its virtues have j been sounded by.
Sarah Bernliardt, Mrne. Emma Eames,
Mme. Emma/. Calve,, -Mme. ' -Suzanne
Adams, Mile, Rea, Mile. . de Lussan, i Miss
Maude Adams, Miss Marguerita Sylva and
by acorea of other famous women of the
stage and In private life.' The genuine
Ladies, Be on Your Guard!
DENOUNCE THE RASCALS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BIG CUT IN DENTAL RATES.
$14.00 Full Set Teeth for $4.OO
$10.00 Gold' Crowns for...«3.OO
Jpo.OO Gold Fillings for $1.5O
• Drexler Painless Dental Co. of N.Y.
Sj F. Parlors 1104 Market, cor. Turk.
Send for free book on "Care of
Teeth."
MUNYON'S 1
COLD jGUREi
Relieves the head, nose, throat and lung 3 H
almost Immediately. Cures new colds, H
old colds and obstinate colds. It breaks H
up any kind of cold in a few hours, and ¦
prevents Pneumonia. Bronchitis. Grippe n
or other disease of throat or lungs Fl
Munyon's Witch Hazel Soap makes the H
skin soft as velvet, 15c. Sold everywhere. |j
Munyon's Inhaler Cures Catarr.i. I
Send for Guide to Health Book free §1
New York. " ||
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD!
Via SaasalHo Perry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN "^SSST^SSlS"-- VALLE *
«:45. &:45. ":« P- : «. 7:45 a.' m.<io*snZi
run to Mill Valley. ' . u "•• not
SUNDAYS— 7:00, S:00, •9:00. •10:00 11 -on
11:30 a. m., 12:30. '1:30. 2:30, •3:45. 5:00 6 'w
7:30 9:45. 11:45 p. m. ; -w, o. w .
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln
FKOM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. '6:20, 7:40. 8:15 il-jS'
11:00 a. m., 12:25, 2:15, -3:30. 4:40. 5:30 t'li'
10:15 p. m. -¦ - '. -' ¦ '¦ . •
SUNDAYS— 6:00 .-•3:00, 8:30, •n :0 o a. m
: •12:00 m., 1:00, -2:15. •¦•3:30. 4:15. »5:45 6-43
7:30, 10:15 P. m. . • ***•
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45 8-25 » -4%
11-10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 6:10. 5:20 ?•#
10:15 p. m.' •..'¦¦• ' * '
SUNDAYS— 6:30 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:30, 3:45, 5:00, 6:05, 7:15. 10™u
P " m ' .'.THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days-j-Cazadero and way
stations. ¦ ¦ - • ' '-."-
. 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and war
Etatlons. . . • •
; 6:15 p. m. week .. days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations. ; . ,
' 8 :00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way
Etatlons. . - ¦ . ¦ .
• 10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and Way
stations. -
Legal. Holiday. boats and. trains will run on
Sunday time. . ¦ : . .
j THE WHITE PASS "AND f
i YUKON ROUTE '{
1 <•¦ •" Shortest and . quickest route to At- ; i
' lin, Bisr Salmon, White Hone, <
• " ;' Hootallnqitu, ' Stewart ' River, 1 1
¦ KloniUkc, ¦ Koynknk and Yb-
[ii kon Mining: District*). - ' .,
'ONLY DIRECT LINE TO DAWS«N
TEN DAYS SAN FRANCISCO Ttt
,,:¦;•¦ DAWSOJf. '
For full Information apply to ' '
¦ ' : J. FRANCIS : LEE. ¦ S. P.' BROWN, '
1 . Traffic Ugr., Seat- Gen. • Agent. 536 '
' tie,' Wash. ; Skag- Market ' ; St., San '" " "
,V ' uay, Alaska.',: ¦¦;•¦¦¦¦', Francisco. . " • 4
-Mrs. Francis Podmore, President W. C.
Jr T. U., Saranac Lake, New York, Owes
Her Health to Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound. Read Her Letter.
"DkarMrs. Pinkham: — For several years after my last ch2d
was born- 1 -felt a peculiar weakness, such as I never had experienced
before, with severe pains in the ovaries and frequent headaches.
"I tried, the doctor's medicines and found it money worse than
wasted.' A friend who had been cured through the use of Lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound advised me to try it. I did
so, also your Sanative Wash, and I must say I never experienced
such relief before. Within six weeks I was like another woman. I
felt young and strong and happy once more.
. "This is several years ago, but Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound is my only medicine. If I ever feel bad or tired a few
doses brings instant relief." — Mrs. Francis Podmore.
$500p,FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE IiETTER IS iXOT GENUTSTB.
When women are troubled with irregular, suppressed or painful
menstruation, weakness, leucorrhcea, displacement or ulceration of the
womb, that bearing-down feeling, inflammation of the ovaries, backache,
bloating (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous pros-
tration, or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude,
excitability, irritability, nervousness,, sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-
gone " and u want-to-be-left-alone " feelings, blues, and hopelessness,
they should remember there is one tried and true remedy. iLydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles.
Refuse to buy any other medicine, for you need the best.
BATLWAY TRAVEL.
Take a
Tourist^' Cat
— a Burlington tourist car—
• ..if you .would ENJOY your
• trip across the continent.
. The cars are so comfort-
able, the route so interest-
ing, the people so pleasant,
the excursion manager so ac-
commodating, and the por-
ters so obliging, that you
simply can't; help being sat-
isfied. .
From San Francisco three
times a week — Omaha, Chi-
cago, Kansas City. St. Louis
and points beyond. I
_ Folder giving full infonna- -
tlon furnished on request.
0 ¦
I 71 w - D * sAMBoRN t
jJJjWU'iwVvSil Ccnaral Agent.
60 1 Markat st -
ICSi T6&32I San Francisco. i
1 — "~ -J California.
CALIFORNIA NORTD WESTERN RL CO
LESSEES
SAM FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAXY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAX CISCO TO SAN RAPAEK
WEEK DATS- 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:5*.
3:30. 5:10. 0:30 p. m.. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
, SUNDAYS- 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
P:0O. 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:03. 7:33. 7:50. 8:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 6:00. 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
' — Extra trips at 2:03 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:1* a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco] May 4. 1802. I San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destina- J San- I Week
Days. I day«. | tlon. | daya. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a / Ignaclo »:10 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:4^ a 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:03 p 6:20 p
' 7:33 p
7:30 a S:00a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:03 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:33 p 6:20 p
• . Fulton
7:30 a "Windsor 10:20 a
- 5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
; Geyserville . ;
3:30 p S:0Oa Cloverdale 7:33 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10-20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah . | 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7:30a|8:00a| WUUto |7:35p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al Guerneville I 7:35 p|10:20a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40a| 6:20 p
; 7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a] 8:40 a
5:10 p|. 5:00 p) Glen Ellen | 6:05 p! 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00a| Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa lor Mark
West Springs and White Sulphur Springs ; at
Fulton for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle-' at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
KelMyvlll-, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bar Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pomo
Potter Valley. John DayV RlvSrsldf Ltefw,'
Buckn|ir». Sanhedrln Heights. HullVll'.e Orr",
Hot Springs. Half-way House. Comntche •
Camp Stevens, Hopkins. Mendocino City Fort
Bragg. . Wpstport. Usal-. at Wlllits for Sh«-
woorl. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvilli. CummlnS
BeU'c Springs. Harris. Olsen-s Dyer iSdoS
¦wood. Scotia and Eureka. * y ' "PP**"*
reduceWtei 0 ' MojsC^ round-trip .ticket, at
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all Dolnt*
beyond 6an T Rafael at half rates " P^ ut3
bJld'ng* ° fflCe> ** Marliet 8t « et - Chronlcl*
H. C* vTHITINO R VVkyaw
Gen. Manager. Pa^gt.
ilOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Kerry I Arrive — ~
San Fran. Foot of Market S? San^ran.
£foT 1RS5X •*"«"*• " T »«™ •* t-*. day*-: PlZh
11*30 A A -* L » w ** 1> »x»"ly. 3.30 p. o:65p.
™! i;30p! "TAiEMeFTHiirisr £50 £¦""•""
......... 2:30 p. <>p««»iitb. y «, nm , 1 . |:™J —
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FRANCISCO.
(M»ln Line, Toot of Market Street.)
lxatk — Fkom Ar tn. 20. 1302. — abhitj*
7J)0a Benlcla, Sulsun, Elmlrs *ad Sacr*- '
mento ...... ........... 655f
7.00a VacaTllle* "Winter*. Bumsey™ 7.55*
7.30a Martinez, Saa Kamon. Vallejo,
Xapa. Callstoga, Santa Rosa. 6-25?
8.00*. Daris. Woodland. Knights Landing. ;
Marysville, OroTille 7-55*
8.00a Atlantic Express— Osden sad Eut. 8.25a
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25?
8.00a Xlles. Mendota, Uanford, Visa! la,
Portervllle 4 55?
. 8.30a Shasta Express — Davis. Williams
(for Bartlett Springs),' "Willows.
Bed Bluff, Portland 7.53*
8.30a San Joee, Llvcrmore, Stockton,
lone. Sacramento. Flacerrllle,
ilaryrrille, Chlco, Bed Blnff 4-25*
830a Oakdale.Chlnese.Soaori.Tuolumae 4. 25?
9.00a Vallejo 12.25>
9.00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop.Stocktoa.Merccd.
Itajrmond,FresnoandLosAngelet 8-25*
9.30a Vallejo, Martlnex and Way Stations 7. 65?
t10-00A Hayward. Kllesand Way Sutions.t12.55r
10.00a The Overlmnd Limited — Ozden,
DenTer. Omaha. Chicago... ...... 5.25*
ti.OOr" Sacramento Rtrer Steamer*. fll.OQ*
3.00? Benlcla, Winters.- 'Sacramento,
Woodland, Knignfs Laadlag,
MarjgTilie. Orovllle 10.55a
3-30> Hayward, i.'IIe* and Way Stations.. 7.65r
4.00* Martlnez,San Ramon, ValleJo,Nap«,
Callstoga, SanU Rosa. 9. 25*
4-00* Nllea, LlTermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
4.30* IIayward,Nlles,SanJose.LlTermor« t8.55A
4.3Qp The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tnlare. •
Bakersfleld. 8»nj?us tor Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6.00* Port Cost *,Tracy,Lattiro p, Stockton 10.25a
5-00* Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12.25*
t530* Nllea Local 7.25a
6-00p Hayward, Xlles and San Jose 7.55a
t8.00* Vallejo™ 11.25a
6.00* Oriental Mall— Ogden. DenTer.
Omaha. St. Louts, Chicago 4.25*
7-OOp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations. 11.25a
. t7.00* Vallejo 7.65*
8-CSr Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland, Pnget Sound and East. 855*
J9.10* Hayward and Xlles t1165A
COAST LINE (Sarrow Gang.). . ,
(Foot of Mttrket Street.) • /
- J7.45a Santa Crnz Excursion 18.86*
8-1 5a Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose, \>
Felton, Boulder Creek. Santa V..,
Cruz and Way Stations..... 6-50*
t2-15* Zfewark. Centerrllle. San Jose.
New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Crnz and Principal
Way Stations 1050*
4.15* Newark, San Jose. LosOatoa t8-50i
- >4.15p San Jo«e. Los Gacoa. Santa Crnz... c8 SO*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From 9AH FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. f Slip 8)
— 17:15 1:00 U:0Oaj«. 1.00 300 5.15 *.*.
From O-SJvL, AND, Foot of Broadway — 16:00 13:00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12.00 200 4 CO p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad 6aa S 6).
• (Third and Townsend Streets.)
B.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.40a
t7.00* San Jose and Way Stations. +300*
7.00a New AlTnaden... /4.10*
S7.16a Monterey Excursion 18.30*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
GUroy. Salinas, San Luis Obtspo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045*
9.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Saata Crnz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas, San Lull
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations. 8-33*
1 1 .30a San Jose and Way Stations 9 46*
ai.30* San Jose and Way Stations «7.00*
t2.45* San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa, Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Crnz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
• Gr.Te... t10.43a
3.30* San Jose, Del Monte. Pacific Groro,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations. ... 7.30*
t4.15* San Jose and PrlnetpalWayStattons 6.30*
. T&.00* San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
WayStatlons t9 00a
6.30* San Jose and PrtncipalWay Stations 6-30*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 74C*
7.00* New Orleans Express— San Lnw
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
xeles. Denting, El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 10.30a
•1 1 .45*- San Jose and Way Stations .... .
A for Morning. p for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. « Monday only.
• Saturday and f Tuesday and 7rlda>
Sunday only.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy,
• - - Lfavo Markft-wtrggt Ferry Popot.
¦ ¦ • . Local LAnVd Uvrl'a Local
.:¦'. ¦' Dally Dally DaUy Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:lS a 11:43 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
'.'. Merced... 12:25 p l:17p 1:30a »:11 P
.. S res ?°V 2:05 p 2:35p 3:15 a 10:30 t>
" l?!" 1 ??" 1 " 2 : i 2p 3:27 » 8=°5»
Vualla... 3:S>p 5-OOa
". Bakersftd 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
.'.' a . n - Cit7 2A0a 7:30a
Chicago 2:15p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train ls the California Limited,
t carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dlnlns
? ar ?» t^ rol i K^ J to Calcasro. ChalP q^,.
to Kakersfield for accommodation of local
nrst-clasa passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ln f «J? ln « rrtv e a at 7:05 a. m. dally.
f 4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
?i.?L p "i. ln i_i* the Overland Express, with
.through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
- Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
. T: ?? a \ m - ls Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In Saa Joaquin Valley. Cor-
"•Ponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Cf flees— 641 Market street and ta Ferry
Depot. Saa Francisco; • 1113 Broadway.
Oakland. •¦','••--
Weak Men and Women
CHOULJ> USE DAMIANA BTTTEHS. THE
>* Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
¦trength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 MarketMILTON, May 20.— The residence of J. R.
Watson, a . rancher and business, man i of Cop
peropoHs, was destroyed by flre yesterday.
•Many valuable books were burned.: . ,
' ¦¦ ¦ _-.-: '. ' ¦¦ -.'A'. '''.''.* J
Jean Joseph Benjamin Constant.
• PARIS, * May 26.--Jean Joseph Benjamin
Constant, ¦ the 'painter, is dead. .He was
born in Paris in 1845. ¦..
Ellen ; Buckley,'; an ; aged woman, «. fell
from a Mission street .car at the corner
of • Sixteenth • street yesterday , afternoon
and sustained a fracture of the knee. She
was removed to the Railroad Hospital. '
Aged Woman Injured.
OAKLAND, May 26.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Lawrence J. Law
lor, aged 38 years, Elmhurst, and Olivia
Van Zant, 21, Sunol; Walter R. 'McLean,
26, and Sarah Pftterson, 28, both of San
Francisco; Frederick N. Elliott, 25, . San
Francisco, and Grace Carroll, 30," Oak
land; Klngsley C. Brown, 23, and Julia V.
Hunter, 19, both of Oakland ;* Everett ' E.
Goodell,'28, San Francisco, and Jennie A
Meserve, 33, Maine.. , .
Licensed to Marry.
Charged "With Larceny.
Harry Saunders, an ex-messenger boy,
arrested several days '. ago. by Detective3
Ryan' and O'Dea, was charged last night
with grand larceny. He is suspected of
picking several pockets in the last few
months 'and is known'to have pawned two
watches ; that were stolen, one from Jo
seph Fetz on the Oakland boat,. the other
from Joseph r Norton; "who lives at 1053
Mission street.' Saunders denies that "he"
Drowned in Escaping- Hazers.
PLATTSBURG, N. Y., May 26.— The
feeling, between the f re?hmen and sopho
more classes of the University of Vermont
is greatly strained. The rreshman class
met at the Cumberland and President
Bond, with four' others of'' the fresh
man class came over on the midnight
boat from Burlington to: make. final ar
rangements. Bond left his companions for
a stroll and It is alleged was set upon by
two of the sophomores who had come over
from Burlington earlier in the day, 'pre
sumably for the purpose of kidnaping htm
and; keeping him from the banquet. He
fled before his pursuers until he reached
Cox's Dock,, an out of the .way place on
the lake, front, and his . pursuers ' declare
he ' lumped into the lake in an effort to
escape by swinging. They endeavored to
rescue him by a boat but could find no
oars and he sank before they could reach
him.-'-- - - V •¦¦'..¦ ' ¦-¦-.¦ ' -": ¦.¦>:¦: ,::¦¦¦-¦¦:¦¦'
Deputy. Coroner Meehan investigatcl
the case and notified the -police, who are
searching for the peddler who sold the
flSh.;.'. , .
Putrid fish purchased from a peddler is
supposed to have caused the death of
Thomas H. Rome, a laborer, 63 years of
age, who died at his home, 42 Albert lane,
last Sunday night. , Rome was the father
of thirteen children and was incapacitated
from work by reason of a physical Injury.
For this, reason his wife was the bread
winner and supported the large family by
doing washing , and her husband did tho
cooking. , .. ,
i Friday, afternoon he bought ' a halibut
from a peddler and baked it. All but one
of the children refused to partake of it,
because they, said it was . tainted, but
Rome ate heartily of it,' and his wife and
child partook more sparingly. Within a
few hours all three were taken ill and
exhibited symptoms of poisoning. Dr 3o
bey was called and after several hours of
exertions succeeded In placing the mother
and child out of danger, but the father
succumbed. : . . - < :
HEARTY SUPPER COSTS
AGED MAN HIS LIFE
They were fished out of the water, and
on the wharf the fight was renewed. One
of them drew a club, which " he •subse
quently dropped.. When picked up it was
found to be ;a solid tusk of ivory. The
man with the club, managed to make his
escape, but the other man was taken to
the Harbor, Hospital, where he gave his
name as Daniel Griffin and his residence
as' 468 . Seventh street. The men arc sup
posed to belong to a gang of water, front
"pirates." ¦,-¦¦•
Two men were found. on the steamship
Charles Nelson at the foot oi Mission
street last night trying to force their way
into a • woman's stateroom. They were
supposedly driven away, but in reality
they took refuge in a lifeboat, where they
were found later by the watchman. When
ordered to get off the boat they gave bat
tle and were forced overboard.
BAY PIRATES PUT UP
A STUBBORN FIGHT
VISAL.IA. May 26.— Superior Judge W.
B. Wallace, to-day sentenced Frank
Creeks to be hanged In San Quentltn on
Friday. August 1. In January of thi3
year Creeks- murdered James Nelson Cor
nell, an aged farmer, who lived near Por
tervllle. He robbed the body of about $60
and fled. .
Creeks to Hang in August.
REDDING, May 26.— All doubt that Mrs.
Eli F. Dack of this city, wife of an ex
policeman, is actually to inherit $1,800,000
from the estate of her grandfather in
Germany seems cleared away. | Mrs. Dack
has received the first payment, which in
dicates that the Berlin court accepts her
proofs of identity. ¦ •.
Mrs. Dack was shown to be the grand
daughter of Frederick Emrlck, a wealthy
furrier, said to have been the partner of
John Jacob Astor, who died In Berlin
twelve years ago. Of his estate $9,000 000
was left to the family of each of his two
sons in the United States, William Em
rick of Michigan and George Emrick of
Portland, Or. William Emrick and - his
children received part of their share some
time ago. George Emrick had four chil
dren. All are dead except Mrs. Eli Dack
of Redding and Mrs. Sarah Sheppard of
Portland, but the deceased i heirs leave
children, who will receive their shares
so $9v000,000 is to be divided into five por
tions, the father sharing equally with the
children. •
Mrs. Dack returned a week ago from
Portland, where she and her father and
sister were met by William Emrick and
their attorneys from Michigan. A I con
sultation was held. Then Mrs. Dack re
turned to Redding and received 11000 the
first installment of her fortune. The at
torneys say the entire amount will be
paid to her within five months.
ceive Her Entire .Fortune of
Nearly Two' Millions.
Mrs. Back of Redding Soon to Re-
GETS FIRST INSTALLMENT :
OF HER BIG INHERITANCE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 25.—
Miss Nettle M. Stevens, a Stanford grad
uate, has been signally honored by being
awarded the Bryn Mawr College fellow
ship in biology for 1902-1903. Miss Stevens
held the graduate scholarship in biology
at Bryn Mawr for 1900-J.901, and at present
holds the President's European fellow
ship and is a student at the zoological
station at Naples.
Wins Bryn Mawr Fellowship.
Chorus, Loring Club; remarks, D. W. Lor
ing; bass solo, S. Daly; tenor solo. Dr. E. H.
Mauk; chorus, "In Plcardle," Loring Club; "In
Praise of I4uslc," J. C. Fyfe; tenor solo, G.
Keane; double quartet, (a) "The Loring Ban.
quet," (b) "Laugh and Grow Fat," by Dr. J. F.
Smith," Ed Mocre, George Rice, G. E. AverlH.
\V. C. Stadtfeld. J. F. McGawley, C. H. Lam
berton, William Nellsen and Dave Wise; a
doggerel, Mr. Mould; a barytone solo. Dr. S.
S. Schalkhammer: chorus. "Blue Danube
Waltz," Loring Club; "Music Conducive to
Longevity," I. E. Blake; tenor solo, Dr. G. E.
Caglleri; "Wachtenfufen Band," .Aber Zwoelf
Deutsche. Herren Smith (tochter). Wise (bier).
Rice (kraut). Moore (stein), Averill (stauften),
Btadtfeld (auf). McGawley (wurst), KUnk (ge
haben), Kleiner (Murdock). Hauser (Nellsen),
Amos (gefunden), Evenheimer (Lamberton),
"Any Old Thing," Billy Hynes; chorus "Rhine
Wine Song" (Franz), -Lorlng Club; "Fads,"
William G. Mugan; tenor solo. W. E. Dyer;
poem. W. A. Murison ; barytone solo, H. H.
Barnhardt; "Brown October Ale," Ed Boysen;
chorus, ''Jabberwocky'V (Chad wick), Loring
Club; "Auld Lang Syne." :
The Loring Club celebrated the conclu
sion of the twenty-fifth season last even
ing by giving a banquet at a downtown
rotisserie. Seventy members and half as
many guests were, seated round the ban
quet board. A splendid programme was
rendered during the evening. A feature
of the , entertainment was the perform
ance of the ."Wackenfufen Band." It af
forded much amusement. Following is the
programme rendered:
CELEBRATES THE CLOSE ( t; ¦
OF SUCCESSFUL SEASON
NEW YORK. May 28.— The following
Californians registered at the hotels to
day: From San Francisco. H. E. Billla.
at the Gilsey: Mr. Bevington, I. Good
man, G. F. Duffy, S. MacNab and R.
Park at the Herald Square: J. A. Lacy,
Miss Li. King and Miss A. McNalley at
the Park Avenue; J. P. McCarthy and L.
Ghirardelli, at the Manhattan; C. M.
Bates, at the Gerard; J. A. Benson, C.
M. Holley and L. Richter, at the Cadil
lac; W. S. Case, at the Broadway Cen
tral; D. Friedlander and Dr. Voorsanger
at the Marlborough; W. H. Miner at the
Navarre: W. Retherrick and J. Sterrett
at the Grand Union; A. H. Relchling at
the Hoffman. -
From San Diego: Mrs. Ware and M133
J. Ware at the Grand Union.
From Los Angeles:. A. L. Monlt at the
Broadway Central.
Calif ornians in Now York.
Dow and his present wife had some dif
ficulty in Los Angeles several months
ago and she had him arrested for threat
ening her life. . -
Charles F. Dow, a Pullman • car con
ductor running between Oakland and El
Paso on the Southern Pacific, was taken
into custody at the ferry yesterday by
Detective George McMahon, acting un
der instructions from District Attorney
Byington, on suspicion of being a-bjga
mist. The Information against him was
given by a woman whom he married at
Victoria, B. tj., about a year and a half
ago. ¦ She says that they went to Los
Angeles to live, and that there she be
came acquainted with the fact that he
had been married three times previously
to other women, and she believed he had
not been legally separated from all of
them at the time he married her.
The latest acquisition to Dow's matri
monial collection arrived from Los An
geles several days' ago and stopped at the
Occidental Hotel for a time, but left there
and, has kept her- present address a se
cret. She. gave only her telephone num
ber to the District Attorney. She goes
under the name of Sadie Moore.
Dow admits that he has been -married
quite extensively, but claims that divorce
courts purged him of these entangle
ments. He says he secured one divorce
at Sedalia, Mo., and another at Pueblo,
Colo. The wife from whom he was part
ed at Pueblo Is at present In San Fran
cisco and was located by Detective Mc-
Mahon. She said she had been di
vorced from him. A telegram was sent
to Sedalia late last night, and at a late
hour a reply was received confirming
Dow 3 claim that he secured a divorce in
that city. Dow was at once released from
custody. ¦ ¦
ALLEGED BIGAMIST
I BELEASED BY POLICE
stole the timepieces, but says they were
given him by a cripple of his acquaint
ance. . . .
It was voted to recommend that a chan
nel 200 feet wide be maintained in the
north arm of the estuary, from First to
Eighth streets. This action was taken in
response to a request from the United
States Engineers' Department, which has
under consideration a petition from the
Southern Pacific Company to cut the
channel to twenty feet.
City. Engineer Turner explained that the
latter figure was entirely .inadequate to
protect the Lake Merritt tide flow. !
,r2£' J - Keller presented a petition from
1500 citizens asking for the opening of
Washington street on an angle to San
Pablo avenue. It was referred to the
committee of the whole, which heard
speeches from Mr. Keller, Georpe W.
Reed, P. J. Van Loben Sels and W. G.
Hensnaw in favor of the project The
plan was referred to the citizens' com
mlttee^of seven on bond issue.
Auditor A. H. Breed, sustained by City
Attorney Johnson; explained concerning
certain criticisms of his official action
filed by C. S. MacMullen. The committee
killed the matter by Indefinite postpone
ment. ......', ¦
MANY CITIZENS PETITION.
Fitzgerald, taken out of committee. He
wanted the protests and the petitioner
heard next Monday in open Council.
"There are all sorts of rumors around
about this license," said Fitzgerald, "and
we ought to bring the matter out into the
open." Councilman Cuvellier added: "The
rumors are not creditable to this body
and I would like to have 'an open hear
ing and dispose of the whole matter."
Councilman Courtney moved that the ap
plication be denied, and "this carried.
BOARD CANNOT
REGULATE FARES
Supervisors Have No
Power to Reduce
Rates.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 26.
Supervisors have no power to regulate
street car fares. This was decided to
day by District Attorney Allen, and the
Supervisors adopted his decision.
For some months the people of Elm
hurst have been trying to force the Oak
land Transit Company to give them a
live- cent fare to Oakland, the rate now
being ten cents. They appealed to the
Board of Supervisors and asked the
county legislators to regulate the price
of the ride. The matter was referred to
District Attorney Allen for his opinion
which was rendered to-day, and declares
that this is outside of the power of the
Supervisors. -The decision reads:
- Section 501 of the Civil Code under the title
of "Street Railroad Corporations" 'provides
"The* rates of fare on the cars must not ex
ceed 10 cents for. one fare for any distance
under three miles." I can find no powers spe
cifics lly granted to. the Board of Supervisors
affecting tho subject of street railway fares
MAJUNGA. Island of Madagascar, May 26.
Nine cases of bubonic plague have been found
in Maunga.
The situation Is particularly Interest-
Ing because of the prospective large In
flux of strangers and visitors during June
and July on account of the Elks" Fair,
the Fourth of July celebration and other
public affairs which will attract outsiders
to the city: .* _¦ ;
lOKMES SUCCESS.
This 'move is the result of the success
of the organization of cooks and waiters,
formed about a year ago. The flr3t fight
the union made was to secure a reduc
tion of working hours from seven days to
six days a week without a cut in the
wages. To this arrangement the restau
rant and hotel men agreed with one ex
ception, which was old Barnum's. But
after a fight that restaurant was added
to the list, of union houses, and the six
day week was made unanimous.
In submitting the new schedule the
union has covered all matters connected
with the conditions of employment. It
claims that the adjustment is fair and
equitable to all concerned. The restaurant
proprietors have not made up their minds
about the agreement. In some cases the
best cooks are receiving more than the
union schedule. Others say they cannot
afford to make the increases the union
demands.
The six-day week is maintained and
provision is made for reference to a board
of arbitration of disputes which might
arise over interpretation of the agree
ments and provisions. k
The agreement as submitted to the em
ployers is signed by George Waller, presi
dent, and Perry Conwell, secretary of tho
union.
Further the union demands that the
"off day" man who shall work the sev
enth day shall receive time and a half
for that day. The schedule now In force
provides for a six-day week of employ
ment.
The agreement also presents a new set
of general rules, some of which are as
follows: . . '
It is agreed that no Japanese or Chinese wiU
be employed In union houses.
It is agreed by the employer that no em
ploye shall suffer a reduction In wages or
an increase in hours on account of the adop
tion of this agreement.
It is optional with the employer as to tha
display at the union house card.
Extra waiters are scheduled to receive
$2 50 for the first day and $2 for eaca
additional day.
Where a man fills a position of cook and
waiter (.this man to be known aa the swln*
man) he shall receive $11 per week.
Another new clause is as follows:
SWING BLA2TS WAGES.
Chief cooks, |3 60 for the first day and $3
for each additional day; second cooks, $3 for
the first day and $2 SO lor each additional day,
night cooks, $3 tor the nrst day and $~ 60 for
each additional day; kitchen substitute. 91 oo
for the first day and $1 25 tor each additional
day.
The principal change over the present
rate is an Increase of $2 a week In nig tit
cocks' pay.
Under tne head of "extra cooks" a new
rate is established as follows: !/••
The employers have been given until
June 3 to make answer to the demand*
of the union. The ultimatum on the part
of the cooks and waiters is a strike un
less the schedule or the main features of
It shall be accepted. The employers,
through their president, R. W. Merrlck,
have called a meeting of their associa
tion for. to-morrow afternoon at whlca
the union's schedule will be discussed
and a decision will probably be reached
whether the demands will be accepted.
The union has, In the first place, fixed
a new schedule of wages, as follows:
Cooks— Chief cooks, per week, $14; second
cooks, per week, $12; night cooks, per weed.
$12; kitchen subs, seven days. $S; kitchen subs.
six days, $7; overtime, 25 cents an hour.
Oakland Office San Francisco CalL
1113 Broadway, May 25.
There is a battle Impending between th«
Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance No. 31 and
the employing restaurateurs and hotel
men ! of Oakland. The Alliance, which
numbers In Its membership all of th<*
cooks and waiters employed In this city,
has submitted to the employers a demand
carrying an agreement for a new sched
ule of wages, hours and conditions of em
pioyment.
Until June 3 to Beach
Decision.
¦
Union Gives the Proprietors
Cooks and Waiters Pre
sent New Schedule
to Employers.
Lieutenant Smith Court-
Martialed for Insub
ordination.
Captain Healy Accuses the
Junior Watch Officer
of InsultiDg Him
Special Dispatch to The CalL
SEATTLE, May 26.— Trouble on board
the Lnlted States revenue cutter Thetis
has culminated In a court martial. Cap
tain Healy, after coaling &t Comox, B. C,
sailed for Port Townsend instead of pro
ceeding north, and there preferred charges
of insubordination against the third of
ncer Lieutenant F. W. Smith. An ln
£ £ a ,H on was had *"»« lh e reports of
the r-ndings forwarded to Washington.
? », £ ory is that the captain went on
the bridge when Lieutenant Smith was
there as navigating officer and attempted
to look at the chart, whe'n he was grossly
ln £u lte ? by "eutenant Smith.
The junior watch officer of the Thetis
has the reputation of being somewhat er
ratic, but his conduct In times of emer
gency has outweighed his shortcomings,
fc'ome years a*ro. when cruising on the
cutter Algonquin, he was found guilty of
absenting himself temporarily when in
charge of the watch at night, and was
retraced seven numbers. Soon after this,
when the hurricane and tidal wave swept
oalveston, Tex. f he was serving on the
cutter Galveston at that port and dis
tinguished himself by taking a boat from
the cutter Into the town and saving many
Jives at the risk of his own.
The Thetis has sailed from Port Town
bend, leaving Lieutenant Smith behind.
AWAKENS TO FIND HEB
DWELLING IN FLAMES
Actor Edwin Stevens' Aged Mother
Barely Escapes Death, in San
Eafael.
SAN RAFAEL. May 26.— Mrs. T. J.
Stevens, mother of Actor Edwin Stevens,
had a narrow escape this afternoon from
being burned to death while asleep in her
residence at the corner of Tamalpais
avenue and Mission street in this city.
Mrs. Stevens, who is 73 years of age,
had gone up stairs to lie down. Sne
was awakened from sleep by volumes of
smoke issuing through her bedroom door,
which she had left open.
The old lady was the only one in the
dwelling at the time of the fire. As soon
as she was awakened by the smoke sh«5
gave the alarm. The fire department,
after a hard fight, got the flames under
control, but the house was badly dam
aged.
The fire originated from an oil stove in
the kitchen. Mrs. Stevens had lighted the
fctove to make tea. She went away and
left it and during her absence the wick
of the burner worked up, the flame Ignit
ing some tapestries, and, finally, the
woodwork. The loss is estimated at
iibout $2000.
YOUNG MEN WHO HAVE RECEIVED A BUSINESS EDUCATION AT
• PROMINENT OAKLAND . EDUCATIONAL INSTITUTION AND WHO
ARE ABOUT TO START FORTH UPON THEIR LIFE CAREERS.
MISS MABIE WILLIAMS
BECOMES BRIDE TO-DAY
SAN RAFAEL, May 26.— Miss Marie
Juliette Williams of this city and Mr.
Alexander LAlley of Columbus, Ohio, will
be united in marriage to-morrow after-
nocn. The ceremony will take place at 3
u clock, at the residence of the bride's
mother, airs. Robert E. Neil, on Sixth
fcireet in this city. Rev. Wyllys Hall of
the Episcopal Church of San Kafael will
oniciate. Airs. Walter Hobart, sister of
the bride to be, will be matron of honor,
while Mr. A. J. Dibblee of Ross Valley
wil! act as best man. Misses Ruth and
Hanna Hobart will be bridesmaids.
Only about seventy-nVe guests, the rela
tives and immediate friends, have been
irvited.
After the ceremony, Mr. and Mrs. Lil
ley will leave on their honeymoon trip—
a tour of the State, to consume three
wetks. Then they will return to San
Rafael, to remain during the summer.
Mr. Lilley is a capitalist of Columbus,
Ohio. -.- *
F. O. Miles. : .
"Our National. Anthems".. ..Peter F. Courneen
Double quartet. "Victory Crowns the Day".. ¦
„ '. • White
F. M. Azevedo, J. P. > Towey, C. A. Adam,
F. O. Miles, F. M. Azevedo,. S. J. Field,.
J. E. GUllngham, Aza Porter. B. S.
"The Reign of Leo XIII'!. ...James .P. Towey
Overture i • 'The Katie's-- Nwf ' .• Isenman
. College ' Orchestra. ¦¦¦•-. - ¦ "
Conferring of Degrees.
Awarding of Honor Medals.
Finale, "Hands Acrosa the Sea" ...... Sousa
College Orchestra.
The members of the two classes who
will be given their diplomas to-morrow
night are:
Commercial class — C. C. Joyce P. J Mei--
S 11 - H '~ F - Qailasher. r. c McNally. ' A. R.
5"?°' Ti, J - L * wl ° r . C. F. Klernan. G. J
Haley. W. P. Barnett. E. B. Lilly. W. b"
Blanco. E. J. Sliver, J. J. Morrissey W O
Stephens. L. BJ Serventi, G. W. Domergue D*
F. Bleley, W. A. Grow and J. L. Towey. ' '
Collegiate class — H. Hartley, Napa; L. F.
Ryan, Fresno; J. P. Towey, Santa Rosa; H.
J. Courneen, San Francisco; P. F. Courneen,
San Francisco; : E. C. Rice. Oakland; F, M.
Azevedo, Sacramento; T. C. Kenneally, De
coto; C. A. Adam. Santa Maria; J. P. Flanl
gan, San Francisco; G. J. McDonough, Oak
land; J. P. ' Martin.- Oakland; A. C. Porter.
Santa Barbara.
The annual award of medals for the
year has been 1 made, with the following
results:
Archbishop's medal for philosophy of re
ligion. Joseph P. Towey. Santa Rosa: merit
medal, for general excellence. Frank Azevedo
Sacramento: alumni medal, for the best Kngl
lish essay. Harry J. Courneen. San Francisco-
Justin medal, for languages. Edward C Rice'
Oakland: medal, for mathematics. Harold Hart-
a shorter one and very practical, and in
cludes all subjects that will fit a young:
man - for a business career. However,
their diplomas will be awarded, at the
same time, and place with the collegiate
class. ¦;*._;..,.. .,.'-. -¦• y ;
The complete programme for to-morrow
evening is as follows: \ . -"%.'-'•
Overture. "The Silver Wedding" ...Schlepegrell
College Orchestra.
•'Our Heroic Dead".. Carlyle A. Adam
Violin duet, "Symphonie Concertante,". .Dancla
A. P. Miller, S. J. Field. -
"The Spirit of the Constitution". Louis F Ryan
Vocal duet, "Slowly and Softly" ....Glover
. F. M. Arevedo. C. A. Adam.
Modern Journalism" Asa C. Porter
Instrumental quintet, "The Bridal Rose"....
"W. Stephens, j.' 'Fitzgerald'," *F.' Az'e'vedo^A?,
Miller, S. Field.
Boer and Briton" George J. McDoncuzh
Vocal quartet, "So the Story Goes" Herbert
F. M. Arevedo, J. P. Fowey. C. A. Adam,
Commencement Exercises of Institution Will Be Held at;
Metropolitan Temple, Where an Elaborate Pro- 1
gramme Will Be Rendered.
OAKLAND, May 26.— The gradua
tion exercises of St. Mary's Col
lege will take place to-morrow
evening at Metropolitan Temple,
'.-. % In San Francisco. For the first
time since the college has been located
on this side of the bay' the commence
ment exercises will be held outside of
Oakland, but circumstances compelled
that the metropolis be selected this year.
The graduation exercises of- this college
are always elaborate, but this year they
will be doubly so because of the large
number of young men that will be turned
out into the world.
There are two departments in St.
Mary's, the collegiate and the commer
cial. This year 'the commercial class Is a
little the larger, though the programme
at the exercises to-morrow evening will
be devoted almost exclusively to the col
legiate class. The commercial course Is
MAYOR URGES
HIGH LICENSE
Seeks to Stay O&reer
of Illegitimate
Clubs.
CLUMBERS' TBUST APPLIES
A SYSTEMATIC BOYCOTT
CHICAGO. May 26.— And now it is the
plumbers' trust that may be investigated
by the Federal authorities. The National
Association of Master Plumbers of the
United States is the name of an organiz
ation which has its headquarters in Kan
sas City. The charges against the plumb
ers' trust are as follows:
It applies the boycott, and weekly advises
its members of the existence of such boycott
tsii the names of the firms or men boycotted,
publiEhes each month a list of the manufac
turers and Jobbers to whom goods can be sold
and applies the boycott if the members deviate
from the list.
In Chicago It pools contracts and awards
contracts to suit its pleasure. It is said that
although in Chicago only about one-half of
the plumbers belong to the combine, fully 95
per cent of the trade in other sections of the
country is in the trust. Every week, for year*,
the general officers in Kansas City have sent
out circulars calling attention to the boycott
maintained against two Chicago concerns.
SEVENTY PAXL-BEABEBS
CABBY THE CASKET
SAN JOSE, May 26.— Seventy pallbear
ers officiated at the funeral of Mrs. Hll
arla de Dorame at New Almaden yester
day. The deceased was a very large
woman, weighing 410 pounds. There is no
wag-on road from the town to the cem
etery and this small army of pallbearers
was required to carry the coffin. The dis
tance from the Dorame home to the
cemetery is more than a mile, and four
teen men were required to carry the great
weight of the coffin and body. Five
times the pallbearers were changed 'dur
ing- the funeral march, making a total of
seventy coffin-bearers. It was necessary
to nave the coffin made to order in San
Francisco.
Deceased was the wife of Felipe de Dor
ame, and 73 years of age. She had re
sided at New Altnaden for forty-six
years.
1 1, AMES CAUSE HEAVY ; . •; ;\
LOSS IN GRANTS PASS
GRANT8 PASS, Or.. May 2S.— Fire
starting at 5 o'clock this afternoon con
sumed the Sugar Pine Door and Lumber
Company's plant and all of the lumber
in the yards. Williams Bros. & Kendall's
Bash and door factory and six dwellings.
Some one's act In setting fire to the saw
dust pile some distance to the west of
the factory caused the •conflagration.
The losses are as follows: Sugar Pine
Door and Lumber Company^on buildings,
machinery and finished ana •. unfinished
lumber, $40,000; insurance about $15,000.
Williams Bros. & Kendall factory, ma
chinery, glass and shingles," $12,000; no in
surance. E. L. Edgerton. residence, $750;
Giles Davis estate, three residences, $1250.
Geqrge Hartman, a fireman, was over
come by the heat and J. A- Turner was
knocked from a lumber pile and injured
"internally.
SANTA CRUZ. May 26.— Amos K. Zeig
ler, the wife murderer, was to-day sen
trnced to be hanged in San Quentin on
August 15.
Zeigler Sentenced to Death.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. May 26.
At the Instance of Mayor Barstow, an
ordinance was introduced In the. City
Council to-night by Councilman Bishop to
impose an annual license of $1200 on all
professional boxing exhibitions and $100
a year on amateur boxins conducted by
bona fide athletic clubs. The ordinance
closely restricts the exhibitions to legit
imate organizations ; requires that no pro
fessional contests shall be given of tener
than once a month; that permits shall
first be obtained from the City Council;
that contests shall be subject to the con
trol of the Chief of Police, and that prin
cipals shall file with the Chief of Police
the day before the event a . physician's
certificate that they are in fit physical
condition to endure the contest.
The ordinance- defines an athletic club
as follows:
An athletic club, organization or association
within the meaning of this ordinance is or
ganized for the purpose of providing Its mem
bers with opportunities for athletic exercise,
havlrg a gymnasium for the use of its mem
bers, with instructors and the usual apparatus
for Gymnastics, and having a genuine mem
bership of not less than 150 members.
PTJBPOSE OF ORDINANCE.
The aim of the measure is set forth in
the following:
The purpose of this ordinance is to permit,
under tfce terms and conditions herein speci
fied, the rivlngr of boxing or sparring exhibi
tions under the auspices of genuine domestic
Incorporated athletic clubs, and to prevent the
giving or holding of boxing or sparring: exhi
bitions by clubs misnamed "athletic." but
which have no gymnasium or gymnastic ap
paratus or athletic Instructor, and which
are organized for the sole purpose of
making money for the promoters of profes
sional eparrlng and boxing exhibitions.
As soon as the ordinance was read,
Councilman Wixson moved for indefinite
postponement, but Bishop, Wallace and
Boyer objected. On Boyer's motion it
was referred to the Ordinance and Judi
ciary Committee.
The application of Leon Faure for a
liquor license for the New Barnum res
taurant was, upon motion of Councilman
MAKE DEMAND
FOR MORE PAY
TROUBLE ABOARD
CUTTER THETIS
GRADUATES OF ST. MARY'S COLLEGE, OAKLAND,
ARE TO RECEIVE THEIR DIPLOMAS IN THIS CITY
THE SAN FB ANCISCO r CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 27, 1902.
9
Established 1823.
WILSON
That's All!
' .-•',¦„.. .'
JAKE JOSEPH, Reoresentatlve, 300 Battery Street, San Francisco.
iSTOP *mm pain
> IT TELLS YOU THAT YOUR KIDNEYS AND VITAL ORGANS
| ARE BREAKING DOWN.
) % /-" s^^ ' ¦ When you feel a pain in your back
) . &P* \ y° u ha d better attend to it. These pains
> ¦• h Agh4*%i are messa 8 es telling you of worn-out
9' <a y&. f nerves, weak kidneys and^weak vitals.
J . . & '»^* ) ot ! k now tne cause and you know
| N^ what it means, so look to it in time. .
9 _ M 4tjfY^SJ&*±, E* r - McLaughlin's Electric/ Belt will
* \J~\~1£' k w!i\^V curc ' n *?. a 1* restores the warm.
9 .0. \\f |V^\^lbL h^frhy We to the nerves and kidneys.
) s^ J$a I) P ffia Alexander' Newman. Wlnthrop. Cal.. writes:
I (T 1 -^J"*"**>SMi A 1/ Ik \1H "* do not need al> V rnore directions for the use
I 11 "****£££/*/& aS» {' f\ I'M of y° ur belt - for I am perfectly well now. and
9 . :F? - mm tfyf ! Z/jgrjSr~* % > 'Mlfflf thankful to tell you that thia fact is due to
t /^XfiiX t !Sf your treatment, for before using It I suffered
k f //^^ - if> . ' 35 - much from rheumatism. Tour Electric Belt
I I . iv \ JT' haa not only relieved me, but cured me."
I JvM&£e»~S ~"L ' Every man who has a pain or weak-
I / f£fiN$[^ • \ neSs should have one. It saves doctor
i I MMi k^* s an >^ * ots °* tr ° u bi e -
I lM$il i t \ Calland test it free or let me send
) >|*J 11 I you my book describing how I cure.
| • ; M -I Inclose this ad.
I f 1111111011 Beware of medical corjeerns offering "Electric Belts Free" or for
J. 1 1 A 1 1 I II 1 a trifle. This offer Is only a trick to foist o package of medl-
i V£X\J xxuxit clnes upon you CO-D. Write to roe for aij explanation of the trick.
! Dp IW C Alrl »fi6hl!n 906 market street.
> .V™« i ' 1 ' V « •J*»V'l-»aUgniin«/-. g a n Francisco.
i : ¦. Office Hours— 8 a. m.' to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. •
) NEVER SOLD BT DRUG STORES OR AGENTS.The Boer prisoners in Ceylon have been
trying to raise money by making curios
tor .ale.
Jessie Holland was convicted by a Jury
in Judge Dunne's court yesterday on a
charge of grand larceny and will -be sen
tenced to-day. She was accused of steal-
Ing $2,0 from C. H. Layman in a saloftn on
Turk street on March 14. - -
Convicted of Grand Larceny.
Customs Inspectors McDonald, Peppin,
Richardson, Lorentzen, Walker and Cant
lin made a thorough search yesterday on
the transport Buford and found 8000
cigars, 4C5 ostrich feathers, three feather
boas, one bolt of pongee silk and sixteen
embroidered shawls concealed with in
tent to smuggle. The goods were seized
and will be sold for the benefit of the
Government. i v_-;
Smuggled Goods Seized.
The Standard Electric Company offered
to F.oll electric current to the city at a
price that would effect a saving over the
present prices, provided the city builds
a distributing system to cost $325,000. ;
The side-sewer laborers in the employ
of the Department of Works petitioned
for an increase in wages from $2.50 to $3
per day.- •¦ *> - '
The following ordinances were . finally
passed: " ; '-• r»~.
Providing for the extension of the . time dur
ing which pupils' half-fare etreet-car tickets
may be used on school days.
Approving of the erection and equipment by
the Public Library trustees of a branch library
at Sixteenth and Prosper streets.
Approving a lease of a school lot on Post
street, near Grant avenue. ...
Ordering the repaving with bitumen of Mont
gomery street from Washington to Jackson and
Jackson ' from Montgomery street to Montgom
ery avenue.
Authorizing:,' the Assessor to retain* thirty
extra deputies for thirty days, to be paid out
of the urgent necessity fund.
Reducing the width of sidewalks on Twenty
sixth street, from Folsom to Bryant, to. twelve
feet.
Providing for the full acceptance of Sacra
mento street from Gough ta Octavia.
The San Francisco Retail Merchants*
Association petitioned that McAllister
street, from Market to I Flllmore, be re
paved and electric arc lights be installed
along the thoroughfare, t
The Board of • Supervisors- yesterday
showed a .disposition to dodge the issue-in
the matter of the proposed increase of the
retail license, as recommended by two of
the Police Commissioners and Chief Witt
man. When the petitions of . the West of
Castro, Bay View and University Mound
Improvement Clubs that the license be
raised, were read, Braunhart -moved- that
they be placed on file. Brandenstein held
that it was too serious a matter to be
dodged in that way. The clerk announced
that the License Committee had reported
the petitions back to the board without
recommendation, and they were placed on
file. - ••
Payot's ordinance providing that $20,000
be appropriated to repave accepted streets
in the business district was referred to
the board to be taken -up when it consid
ers the tax budget.
Raise Liquor License.
Supervisors Place on File Petitions to
BOARD DODGES ISSUE.
James S. Bunnell, Maurice Block, J. P.
Nesmith, W. D. Dennett. H. A. French, F. E.
WriEht, Walter N. Castle, Sanford Feisren
baum, Rufus P. Jennings, A. Sbarboro, Gen
eral Will S. Green, W. A. Feldman, W. H.
Feldman, Frank J. Symmes, C. M. Wight, A.
G. Towne. Thomas J. Welch, Charles E. Mil
ler. Andrew Carrisran, B. S. Hubbard, E. M.
Bachelder, C. P. Thurston, David Neustadter,
Gus Wormser. M. J. Brandenstein. Edwin A.
Barnes, William Fries, Georse L.. Walker.
George Wheaton. AVUliam R. Wheeler. J. P.
Currier, Frank S. Johnson, P. C. Rossi," C. ; F.
Runyon, Edward D. Taylor, George A. Arnui
by, Milton Heynemann. C. M. Wooster, J. S.
C. Thompson, Albert Meyer, Phillip I. Fisher,
H. I^efranc. Samuel H. Taylor. R. R. Vail.
H. W. Newton, S. W. Trower, William. Wad
ham, V. G. Overton, Henning Berg, William.
Rierer, J. C. Winans. Fred J. . Me Williams,
James llcXab and J. A. Filcher.
The train will consist of five Pullman
sleepers. d:ning-car, composite car, butLct
car and ot rervatlon car, and will have
p.il the leouirements for the' comfort c!
th-3 visiting business men. .The start will
be made from this city June 6 at 2 p. m.
The itiju'iary has previously be<;n pub
lished. . Tfce following-named communi
ties will tc visited: -Stockton, Sacramen
to. Oroville. Marysville, Chlco, Vina, Red
Bluff, ' Redding, Corning; Orland, Colusa,
Woodland and Vacaville. At each place
a good stop will be made. Those who have
enrolled to make the trip are the fol
lowing:
The communities of the Sacramento
Valley are making great preparations to
apprise the Committee on Promotion of
their want% on the occasion of the excur
sion cf business men of this city to tho
valley next week. They will vie with tha
towns and cities of the San Joaquin Val
ley in entertaining their business guests,
and much good is expected to corns from
tho scauamtance thus to b» formed be
tween the ' people of this city and the
dwellers In Sacramento Valley. A list of
those who have enrolled to go to the val
ley to date has been prepared by the Pro
motion Committee. As on the Ban Joa
quln Valley tour, every commercial or
ganization of San Francisoc will be rep
resented by leading men who are able to
speak with authority concerning the' good
intentions cf San Francisco to the valley
people. A. Sbarboro, president of the
Manufacttrers' and Producers'. Associa
tion; A. C Towne, representing the San
Francisco Chamber of Commerce; TV. S.
Green and F. E. Wright, secretary of the
Sacramento Valley Development Associa
tion; Manager Filcher of the State Board
of Trade: President Symmes of the Mer
chants' Association and representatives
of the Sun -F rancisco Board ol Trade and
California Promotion. Committee and San
Francisco Merchants' Exchange are al
?c"<iy on the list.
Superintendent of Schools Webster
made an eloquent piea for new school
houses, and directed attention to the Bur
nett. Marshall, Hamilton. Spring Valley
Jsckson. Bergerot and Sunnyslde schools'
v.hich. he rcild, are il!-suited for school
purposes. Webster said in regard to the
State apportionment that he feared the
school census would b« the same as last
yoar, and would certainly not exceed S3 -
O10. He said that under these conditions
the State'* apportionment for schools
would be $4G,OjO less than originally calcu
lated. •.
Gustav Schnee of the Sunnysid« Im
provement Club and a large number of
taxpayers from that district favored the
Fpecial levy-
The board will further consider the
question this afternoon.
"I have looked carefully into the ques
tion of hospital and schools," said Mavor
Schraitz. "a.nd I lind that there is a cry-
Ing need for both. It i S supposed that
the proposed special levy is for this year
only, as the emergency will then have
disappeared, and other needs mav be
taken care of by bond issue. I suggest
that the members e>t the board visit the
F(lioo!s and judge for themselves of what
i.i needed."
MAYOE FAVORS LEVY.
Director Woodward said that with the
limited appropriation for the School De
partment it would be absolutely impossi
ble to erect any new buildings. The
necessity for levying a special tax is ap
parent, and this method is preferable to
a bond issue, as the interest on the bonds
would necessitate an increased taxation
over tho dollar limit, said Woodward.
When Woodward said that it was the in
tention of the Board of Education to ask
for a special tax of 7Vi cents for the next
ten years Supervisor Sanderson Interposed
Jhat the proposed suspension of the dollar
limit was not temporary, as. the charter
required. Supervisors Braunhart and
Brandenstein stated that the board would
jiot pledge itself 10 a second special levy,
as it Is only concerned with present con
ditions.
Director Roncovieri r>j2d a statement in
•which he aserted that this municipality
has been criminally negligent in permit
ting children to he herded in overcrowded
class-rooms, by far too small and whose
sanitary conditions are of the worst.
SAYS CITY IS NEGLIGENT.
Sanderson produced a statement from
the Board of Public Works to the effect
that ttiere are thirty-one rented rooms
liscu by the department, forty vacant
rooms in all school buildings and a total
excess -of 1177 seats above the number of
pupils in attendance. Mark denied the
ii<-curacy of the statement, and Branden
etcin suggested that the )3oa.d of Educa
tion furnish its own figures on the sub
ject.
"If you would calculate the interest
and sinking fund for a bond issue for this
year," said Denman, "it would equal the
1\k cents proposed to be levied, and the
urgency of the proposition is apparent."
Director Mark appealed to the board to
pass Supervisor Wilson's measure, as he
said the time had come when the Board
of Education could not wait any longer
for proper schoolhouses. In answer to
Connor's query Mark said that it will
take $1,500,000 or $1,600,000 to maintain the
School Department . properly. With the
State allowance estimated at $70,000, and
the levy of 7'i cents, Mark thought the
board could build five or six new school
houses..
When the special levy for schools was
taken up Director Denman said that the
appropriation for schools would be insuf
ficient to build new schoolhouses. Den
man appealed for suitable accommoda
tions for pupils of fifty classes located in
outside rooms, which he said are unfitted
for the purpose.
PLEA FOB, NEW SCHOOLS.
Chris Stader. representing the Glen
Park Improvement Club, stated that the
people 01 the district named are all in
favor of the special levy for a hospital.
Cuitis explained that Supervisor
Comto was unavoidably absent and there
fore no action could be taken on the
measure, as it required a unanimous vote
01" the board. Curtis then introduced an
ordinance covering the special levy of 7%
oentfl for this year, which was referred to
ih™ Judiciary Committee to determine its
legality. The board decided to meet to
day at 2 p. m.. when a vote will be
taken en the bill.
"It is hardly necessary to say to the
members of this board that there is an.
urgent need lor a new hospital," said
D'Ancona. "From a modern standpoint
San Francisco has no hospital. It has
no means to house its sick or to give
them the proper medicine or treatment
they require. Every physician will say
that the present institution is a blot on
the civilization of this city. The build
ing was erected as a temporary structure
wuh no modem appliances. Tbe sick are
not provided with reasonable means of
recovery in the ramshackle structure
called a hospital, and it is the duty of
this board to safeguard the health of the
fIck poor."
NEED FOB, NEW HOSPITAL.
Supervisor Curtis stated that some 150
letters of approval of the plan from va
rious organizations, besides a petition
feigned by lu.ouo people, had been filed.
Curtis said that the total tax this year
(including T 3 .^ cents each for schools and
hospital) would only aggregate $1,225.
Kev. Dr. Doane declared that there is
urgent necessity for a new hospital, and
M. Kenny said that nine-tenths of the
people of the city were crying "shame"
on the board for not building a new hos
pital. Edward Ewald favored th'e levy
ing of a tax of 25 cents each year for five
years for schools and hospitals instead
of raising the money by a bond issue
which might be declared Invalid. B.
Lichtenstein, a member of the Grand
Jury, said that he had investigated the
matter and had concluded that the new
hospital should be built.
"I appeal to you in the name of the
unfortunate sick," said Father Casey,
'•that you adopt Supervisor Curtis' meas
ure. The old nospital is unfit for human
habitation. Conditions have been dls
praceful for the past twenty-five years
and the remedy has been avoided by suc
cessive Boards of Supervisors."
Rev. Father Peter S. Casey made an
earnest pica that a new hospital be built.
CITIZENS ADDBESS BOABJX
- Sanderson, who is said to be opposed to
any special levy, held that under . the
charter the levying of a second tax out
side of the dollar limit is illegal, as the
law provides that the limitations of tax
ation may be temporarily suspended so
as to enable the Supervisors to provide
for a great necessity or emergency. 'San
derson argued that to levy a. second tax
was not a temporary suspension of the
charter provision relating to the dollar
limit.
"1 trust that no legal technicality will
be interposed against the proposition to
do something for the comfort of the sick
poor." said Curtis. "I now ask that a
number of citizens who are present be
heard in support of the plan to erect a
new hospital."- '
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
sonsidered the proposed ordinances pro
rtding for the levying of a special tax
outside of the dollar limit of 7% cents
sach for the erection of a new City and
County Hospital and new schoolhouses as
submitted respectively by Supervisors
Curtis and "Wilson. While no action was
taken by reason of a full board not being
present, several of the Supervisors strong
ly favored both propositions and a num
oer of citizens urged the board to adopt
the ordinances in order to remedy exist
ing conditions.
"If we are to build a new hospital,"
said Curtis, "it is understood that the
money for the purpose must come outside
3f the dollar limit. It is proposed to levy
i special tax of 7V£ cents on each $100 this
year and another 7% cents next year for
che purpose."
Delegates Sent by Commercial
Organizations to View
Country.
Citizens Request the Board
. to Remedy Existing .
Conditions.
Sacramento. Cities Make
Ready to Define
Their Needs.
Supervisors Discuss New
Schoolhouses and
. Hospitals.
STRONGLY FAVOR
A SPECIAL LEVY
VALLEY PEOPLE
GET INTO LINE
THE SAN FRAIWISCQ TXJESDAYv MAY 27; 1902;
10
If you wish to know where the finest min-
. eral springs on the Pacific Coast are, so
that you can select the one most desir-
able for you, get 1902."
If you wish to camp In some mountain
dell, or on the bank of some limpid
. stream, get "Vacation. 1902." .
I* you prefer a hotel or a private home in
some , beautiful town, get "Vacation.
1902."
If you prefer the free life of a farm, get
"Vacation. 1902."
This little book, "Vacation, 1902." is-
sued by tha California Northwestern
Railway Company, gives complete In-
formation for any kind of an outing.
To be had at ticket offices of company, 650
Market street (Chronicle building), and
Tiburon Ferry, or at the General Office,
Mutual Life building', corner Sansome
and California streets.
Call or write for a copy.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
. " \ .. ' . .
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LTVER.
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin -and blood diseases. Works
wonders in all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading - physicians. - Thousands ' cured.
Tickets Cal. &N. W. R. R.; stage from Ukiah.
Call or address
WiTTER P. O.. Lake Co., Cal.
I Main office and water depot. 918 Market
street, room 64, city.
. R. McCORMICK. Manager.
CHANT'S.
. Couple hundred yards from railroad station.
Elegant country mansion. Scenic surround-'
Ings, beautiful grounds, plenty of shade, swim-
ming and fishing, croquet grounds, hammocks,
ets. One and one-half miles south of Healds-
burg.' First floor, one person in room, $9 per
week: two In a room. $16 per week. Second
floor, one person in room. $8 per week: two In a
room, $14 per week. Will also furnish tents to
those desiring. Single person In tent. $6 per
week: two In a tent. $10 per week. Buy tickets
to Grant Station. Address Mrs. A. F. GRANT.
Healdsburg, Sonoma County. Cal. . . -
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal.. 28 miles by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
strongest water on the coast; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin diseases, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-atory
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Boarft and lodging
lncluding\>aths, flu a. W««k. WM. OELGEARl'i
Proprietor. • -.
R.I: TOCALOMA MA 5. IN
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties: flsh-
lng. bathing; beautiful -drives to Bear Valley,
etc. Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND. or
bulletin Offlce every Friday. 2 to 4 p. m.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER 'HOTEL.
One mile, from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing:, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. V. CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills, Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; IB -miles Irom Truckee, In. an unbroken
forest. Further information Traveler offlce, 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS.
Truckee, Cal. ....
WHITE SULPHUR SPRIN GS,
Nearest ' place to S.' F., 2}J hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cure -rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach - diseases. Lake for boating and bathing.
Dancing pavilion. 510 a week and up. Free
bus to guests. M. MADRID, Vallejo, CaL
JOHANNISBERG
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air: hunting*
nshlng, • swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURG
JR.. prop., Oakville, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town /Home. Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Plea? ant location. 'Plenty shade: nice" drives;
swimming; fruits: $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma. Sonoma County. Cal.
WHITE SULfHUn SPRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. ' HELENA.— POSI-
tlve cure ' for rheumatism, ' stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carriage
meets all trairs. Board, including baths. Is
per week. Address W. *N. McCORMICK, St.
Helena. Cal. .
Forrest and health INTHPQIPDDAc
»•« V»"« «»«¦ 1'. I^P.. t"?atlo > n just r"ht-
24<Uft.— )8b miles from 5>an Kr. No staging; rood
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate,
ideal forests and grounds jg.oOa week. Send fot
booklet ¦¦- Orchard Springs, Collax. Cal
THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County). New management: rooms
plastered and hard finished; new furniture:
new, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round: white' help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by. manager. See pamphlet.
HOTEL LYNDON,
Los Gatos. First-class hotel; large 'grounds.
Lawn tennis, croquet and popular amusements.
Opposite .depot. MALPAS & COSGROVE. ' .- . .
THE PURISSIHA HOUSE.
. Near the ocean. Fishing An only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo. Co.. Long distance
phone. $2 per day. C. P. MOSCONI, Prop.,
PurIss.ma.»San Mateo Co.. Cal. ;
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendorhe
management announces many. new at-
tractions, at that popular resort.- Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
.¦¦AT-v;'
ffolf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra -will be there all the time.
• Automobile coaching from the hotel
J throughout the ¦ valley.*- '¦- ' -'¦¦¦*> ¦.;
GEORGE P. SNELL, Manager.
HOTEL VBNDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
PASO RUES H
- ' - r*/vv« Nature's own selec-
. r*fl iW ' tlo n for a health and
. . M, x_ iX pleasure rtsort bo-
"' «¦*.«-. . — — ii» cause of the curative
• "nrAl TH properties of Its mud
JbAJLa.crVJLi JL 1JL and sulphur baths for
¦ - - ___. • • rheumatism, lnsom-
AM|\ nia.' gout, neuralgia.
\ Alii/ llver.kldney and blooi
. ¦ 'diseases. . Has every
•l\f t3 A C?TTT\T3 natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, IVop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 Market, S. F, Agt.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT BETTER THAN THE BEST. BUT
"BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Said
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains." Try It "and form your own opinion.
During June you 'can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can -spend more
If you want- to.
For folder giving full description call at the
5 P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write "to TAHOE TAVERN, TAHOE CITY,
CAL/ . -. ¦ • V' -'-¦;-;
ftyron Jiot Springs
•^ CONTRA COSTA CO., 'CAL.— Fine
hotel, modern . improvements.. . perfect ap-
pointments. • Suites with ' mineral baths.
These wonderful waters • and hot . mineral
and mud baths cure Rheumatism and Ma-
laria without fail. Address Manager, By-
ron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on Lombard &
Co.. 36 Geary St. . -.- . -; . -. '• -" . ' .
! EL BONITO HOTEL.
¦ The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, nshlnjr
and boatlfig; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; «w: furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN, .Proprtitor.- Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and ¦ rates Inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery .St., ' or write R. C. Cal-
bouri. Proprietor." ' ... . - • .
. THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtfs
School will be open. to summer
MBNLO guests during June and July.
n - DI - Superior climate, excellent
"AKK. table; reasonable -prices: Ad-
ma^ mmmmm^ dress IRA G. HOITT.
THE TALLAC,
LAKE TAHOE, OPENS. MAY 15TH.
With many additional attractions, among
them the SPLENDID NEW AMUSEMENT PA-
VILION. RESIDENT PHYSICIAN.
Address M. LAWRENCE * CO.,
' Tallac, CaL .
Note^ — Positively no consumptives taken.
EROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,
OPEN JUNE I.
To avoid disagreeable waiting for^, narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCK WAY TALLY-HO
Over our short cut. It meetR -the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays. -
LAKE TAHOE. ~
Lakeside Park. • Now open. . Hotel, cottages
and tents. Delightful' camplr.g. grounds near
steamer landing; furnished -tenta to rent. For
descriptive circulars ¦ and • terms address E. B.
Smith & Co., Statellne P. O.. El Dorado Co., Cal.
Glenbrook, Nev. . Lake shore house and cot-
tages. .Best fishing on the lake: Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates. D/ CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new.. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horces at moderate hire; $2 per
day. or $10. $12. $14 per week Postofflce t»l.
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park,' Lake Tahoe.' Cal.
DEER P'RK INN AN) COTTACES-
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE. : Typical resting
place; C507 feet elevation.- Mineral spring
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. ; Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. Cal. "
CAMP TAYLOR HOTEI * «mp cottagei
• I 1AILUH and grounds.- private pic-
nics, bowling alley; tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing,, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery, street. H. G. MARTIN. Proprietor
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY. CAL.
"
For stomach, liver and kidney troubles—
positive cure for constipation. New kltchea
and dining-room, under the supervision ot Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five n~.w
houses. Room for all. "We have more- testi-
monials from peopto cured than all other
springs combined.
For further information address
DR. W. R. PRATHER.
Adams Springs.
ARCADIA,
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mile
From Big- Tree Grove.
Buy ticket to Camous Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BELL, P. O..
Felton. Cal. Opens June 1st.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND YOSEMITE STAGS
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2H hours first afternoon and
9 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
5 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE, Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market st. opposiu
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3571.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LING— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:30; arrlT* at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Spring* at
7:30. New 6- horse 14- passenger' tourist. wagons,
mad* to order for this staxa line, with all th«
most modern Improvements. Passengers for
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tlokets can b«
had at offlce Cal. Northwestern Ry.. 630 Mar-
ket St. or at Tiburon Ferry. •
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
X/TCBY SPRINGS— 3 miles from Ukiah.
V Mendocino Co. Natural electrlo waters.
champagne baths. Only place In the- world o£
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water . direct from spring* to
tuba. Lovely grounds, flshingr. hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class.
J. A., REDEMEYER A CO.. Props.
O ICSARDSON'S^ SPRINGS — T . n
I* miles from Chlco, Cal. Noted for being at
sure euro for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of polsos oak and skid dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J.
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chlco. Cal.
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable la Lak«
Co.; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic: wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
Mlllard room. Round-trip tickets. S. P. offlce.
$8. J. A. HAYS. Prop. 1 ¦' '
BEAUTIFUL LAUREL DELL— The original
Switzerland ot America; largest dining-
room In county: new myrtle cottage; hunting,
boating bathing, marine toboggan, new livery,
croquet.* tennis, bowling; free teams dally to
our mineral springs. 15 kinds. E. DURNAN.
Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal. ¦
PLANTATION HOUSE, 18 miles from Caza-
dero— Grand redwood and mountain scenery:
good trout fishing; plenty of fruit, cream and •
milk. Dally mall, stage from Cazadero. Through
fare R. R. and stage. $3 60. For particulars
apply J. Lnttrlnger. Sea View. Sonoma Co.. Cal.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cru*, Mta.
Among the grand old trees; board $8 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket, $2 50. M. 8.
COX Laurel, Santa Cruz County. Information
at Peck's Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
MT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO — THIS
homelike resort Is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capltola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing;. Address E.
D. WEBB. Soquel. Cal.
THE LIERLY RANCH— Elevation 2150 feet.
Scenery beautiful. Wild game abundant.
Good fishing. Best deer hunting In the State.
$7 to $8 per week. Jerry Llerly. Potter Valley.
TIE OAKS a favorite summer resort or»-
Branciforte drive, 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
dally mall, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
A-N"WAT>A.T.T3 FARM. SANTA CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. H.
J. SEEGELKEX.^Loa Gatos Postofflce. Cat.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM; San Jose. Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
sage. X-ray. . Write for literature.
BELLEVUE HOTEL— El Verano. Sonoma
County, Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day an 1
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouailhardou. Prop.
IVERSIDE HOTEL and cottages; 75 tow.;
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates ta
families. Information at 11 Montgomery st.
Free h,us. Long dlst. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
tNG'S- RANCH — Six miles from Cazadero-
Elevatton 1200 feet: among the redwoods.
Hunting, flahlnar. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Cazadero.
RAND CENTRAL HOTEL. Guerneville.
Cal. — New management; thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headauarters for hunters
and flshera. Add. F. PLATH. QuernevUle. Cal.
CISSON TAVEBN. near Mt. Shasta. Par-
O tlculars "Information Bureau." 20 Mont-
gomery it., or MRS. L. M. SISSON, Siason, Cal.
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Gatoa.
Ideal place: home cooking; $S per week.
- P. DISQUE. Loa Gatos. CaL
STAGE LINES AND LIVEEIES. ,
LA HONDA and PESCADERC- — Through th«
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's. Wurr*s,
Bellvale, Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
i R tickets to Redwood City, 0 a. m. train. 3d
and Townoend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Jose.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
E4fiIESTArMF^ U* 1 * 0 - Tourists, camp-
tAULC MADLCJ ers. hunters. Write ta
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO — San Mateo and Pescadero
stags ' line, via Halfmoon Bay and San
Gregorlo. dally all year: twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
FASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-
llts — Tourists, campers, hunters, write 3.
H. Smith. Ukiah. Smith & Taylor, Wlllits. for
any kind of turnout. •„',, - . . ¦
M r J3HP x '' R '7' STAGES— Short route to tha
¦ ¦ Geysers; 3 hours' staging. First-class livery
stable In connection. C. E. Humbert. Cloverdaie.
GILROY Fashion Livery; good service: reas.
rates. Ofc. Gllroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
LOS GATOS— Lyndoi* Stables, opposite depot.
First-class ri*s. Reasonable prices^
SANTA'CRUZ^-San Lorenzo Stables. Styt-
l>h rigs. Reasonable prices.
The Weekly Cal,
$1 per Year.
GORONADO TENT CITY
Coronado Beach, Cal. W^$
BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, \
GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE. !
PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING l
S^lra, her |crScSvVSor^and2m^^^^ WeSt «d several flne \
Round trip tickets from San Francisco, including ground and water "rent <
now on sale att ;¦ ;: ,. '•'.,'¦ ¦ \-X::/. •'• ¦ • \ ' : .-.. - ,'
¦"• rAtchisoh.-Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co.', 641 Market St I;./ kia \
.Southern. Paclflc-Ry.'Co.V: 613 Market St....:.. """""«olr«i • i
Pacific Coast ;S.S.; Cp.7.^4 New. Montgomery St. -..'...' !!v!! '.'; !!!!;! M"|a3 00
Persons brlnftin ft their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets
over the Santa Fe, Southeri, Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not
charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all thh.
as well as' the street car and ferny trip to and from the train, and transfer of
ISO pounds of baggage. ; r Y'
Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion
tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month ground rent, which includes free \
use of water. ••-'¦-'¦« ¦, '.'¦-'¦••-' ..-,'., .¦ ' \ . : .- , >3
Persons bringing their, own tents can rent furnishings' at the followino 1
¦ prices per weeks \ ..-•¦..', ;.Y."- ''-,'. ' •'¦ ,:-. ' . ¦-¦-. . . ™* I
'""• Double bedstead with' Bpring and cotton mattress, $1 25; cot, single 25c- snrin». J
cot.. double, 60c; mattress,; single, 23c; mattress. ; dpuble,* 50c; pillows 23c- blanw»t« •¦'
25c; comforters," 25o;i table,. 25c: campstool. 10c;- chairs, ,25c; rocking chairs 3(v'
¦gasoline stoves, 50c; oil. stoves, 23c; washstands, complete, 35c; cooklne uten«n« t*l
three persons.. 7Bc; lamp, with oil.; 25c. .:,,-., S^ utensils for
Prices per 'month' double -the --weekly rates." " : > -
.^m Urnl , sh * d ¦¦t« nt i : K for one<Der»on,.$I2 i per month: For two persons. $20, and each
additional c person $5 per -.month. .- Furnished tent comprises beds bedding tabl.« J
wash » stands 'rocking, folding and camp chalrs.i clean linen, towels, water, dally caie '
or : tent and laundry of tent linen.'-. Tents electric lighted.,- Perfect sewerase. . <
For pamphlets and full particulars call on'*- : ... . . <
FEGK;S TOURIST EinEAU, ll Mcntgora?rySt.,San Francisco, Ca!.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
-always; open.
The famous health and. pleasure ¦ resort .of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNET. MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH! TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING. TANK,
CROQUET.' TENNIS.: Regulation. Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. '> Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.' ... • -..'..V : :i -;'•¦-.
.NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person. In room, "small hotel"..$10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel". $18. per week
One person In room, "cottages" .". . :$11 per week
Two persons In room, "cottages"..'. .$20 per week
One person In room. "MAIN HOTEL"....'. '¦ '
£ $12 and $14 per -week
Two persons In room. "MAIN HOTEL" :
'. .$20 and $22 per week
Special Inducements for Schoql Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the .month. "
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on' Tourists'. Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, ¦ or The Traveler offlce,
20 Montgomery st., or- write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co., Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3H Hours from Lo.s Angeles.
Advantaees. attractions and amuse-
ments l impossible elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catalina Island of
our Famous Marine Band, twenty-five
members. ten soloists; most phenomenal
nshiner and greatest rod and reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and" Aquarium; Boating:,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal 1 Camp /Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels-and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropqle, modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Dancine. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, cr E. C. PECK, Tourist Informa-
tion Bureau, 11 Montgomery street, San
Francisco, Cal. ¦¦'¦;¦".''. ¦
O«y>l/»A»0 HOT SPRINGS, SONO-
£%K MllhS - MA COUNTY: only 4%
Vfl/11/VU hours from San Fran-
• -• ' Cisco and but - 9 miles'
staging: waters noted for, medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers: FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and after-
noon stares; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at .7:30 a, m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays S a. m. only. Rates 52
a day or ! $12 a .week. References, ¦ any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1001
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan' bldg.; Tourist Information
Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.: also at Traveler
offlce. 20 Montgomery st., or- of J F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. • . . ••
AETNA SPRINGS-Napa Go.
' ' Impossible to get lonesome a minute, un-
less ¦ you- .want' complete -rest.' Always
.'.'• something to amuse you if you like.
LADIES' MINSTREL AND LIV-
ING EUCHRE in preparation.
Management alive to your pleasure.-
. Write i for Booklet, r -•..;..
• "--EDWARD L. SANFORD; Manager. '
XT Thesea»ide ¦ resort of Central • California— I
j enlarged and improved— rate* per day. J2 and &
j upwards— open . Mar jut — fine 'orchettra. I
7 Addresi for. hotel, R. M. Briare. Foreottajes, I
I F. Reanier, Capitoia, Cal. For general infer- I
I mation, Peclc'i Information Bureau, 11 Mont- I
|- gomery Street, San Francitco, Cal. • .• • ' -, ... ,.. I
SEIfiLER SPRIKGSs S«a;
¦¦-¦•. - &• mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria,, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing. Ping
Ponjr; $8 to $12 week. Offlce, 117 Grant ave., or
Selgler . Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
WHITE COTTACES.
Howell Mountain: .altitude 2000 , feet; ' air
pure and, dry; delightful family ' resort; • dally
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $S per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angwln, Cal. •
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect On Klamath River
Rates. $2 and $2 50 /per * day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler. Office,- 20. Montgomery st '
or addres3 EDSON BROS., Beswick, Siskiyou
County, 'Cal. . . . -,/. ; • ¦ ¦
CONCRESS SPRINCS.
A charming resort In the Santa -.Cruz Mts. ;
2 hours . from San • Francisco; • delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed ; best, mineral water on the- coast ; open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager. . . :
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two. miles', from : Hopland; best ¦' medicinal
waters In -the State; line hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12: housekeeping cottages.
¦ O. HOWELL, Hopland. Mendocino Co., Cal.
; FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, May 30. 31.
BMINGAME HORSE fcHOW.
ILLUMINATION AT HOTEL'MATEO. SAN
' •• ' MATEO. ¦•:¦-•-.; . r
:. ; - Come and Stay Over Sunday.
I ...NAPA... Kapaftmnty,
I SODA SPRINGS! Cal
FOR HEALTH ' AND PLEASURE GO TO
Napa Soda Springs. \ Situated 1000 feet
above the Beautiful Napa Valley. Hot and
Cold Soda Baths. Shetland Ponies and Burros
for Children. Two trains dally, 7 :30 a. m. and
4 D. mT Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
-T BARTLETT SPRINGS. I
Here is an opportunity to gain Health and •
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation..
DiTCC Hottl $10 to $15 ftt we«k. Houm-
K A 1 LS, keeping CotUges $3 to $15 per week.
Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
; V ( AMUSEMENTS. }.£g$M
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra ;» dancing every
week day evening: Tennis, . Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-Board. Ping Pong,
Livery. Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80;
Hot Water. -Vapor. Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths: competent Massagists; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO.,
1 P. O., Bartlett Springs,
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
o- — -o
CRAG VIEW
( SHASTA REGION.)
SetsOiest table In the north (no Josh). $12 per
week; tenting lor housekeepers.
H. ' O. WICKES,
Castella, Shasta Co. . . Cal.
CAMP CURRY!
Gives special rate to nobody. buV gives value
received to all, as is shown by Its'. 1400 guests
the 'past three seasons; more than one-half of
which were In 1901 ; 1000 guests are expected
in 1902. Office 11 Montgomery st. ; open May 1.
YOSEMITE.
LYTTON SPRINGS.;
Always open. Finest 'mineral baths tt plunge.
No ' staging. . Every comfort 1 and - amusement.
Tiburon feny. 7 :30' a.-m.-. 3 :3fl p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st: Phone
Sutter 2371, 11 Montgomery , st, \ or A. V.
MORSE, Lytton,* Sonoma County,- Cal.. . '•
Oi II-.I " -k " Napa County." The most
\T HQIQflO charming spot In Callfor-
picturesque and sprinkled roads. ': Good hotels.
Summer- resorts -adjacent. . Special round trip
j tickets, good from Saturday until Monday,
$2.50. - Take boat foot of Market street, -7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m. « I
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES! :
Boating. Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral spring?. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Mldlak*
P. O., Lake' County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R. Co., 650 Market st. ' .
HOWELL MT., WOODWORK'S
Rtsidence.of 27. years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fiuit, vegetables, milk. etc. . No fog. Terms $7
per week. . Address" WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER. St. Helena. Cal.
1\U W dlUCflfldH Crn * Mountain., yet
• - - - --• • neirenoughtotheoeean .
foradaily salt water »wim. Redwoods and sea breeze*
— * wonderful combination.- Souvenir booklet free.
Peek's Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery Street,
S. F.,or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, Cal.
OWN A HOME "V^-ciMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up'. "Cot-
tages - built $50 up. Boating, bathing, tenting
ground. Board and ' lodging. $7. up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postoffice. Sausallto ferry, $3
round trip. Address M.. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County. --.•-.' ..-
AGUA CALIENTE.
Also known as California Hot Springs. . So-
noma Valley.. No staging; via C. N. Ky. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try It. ~ Round trip
$1 10. -Telephone; many improvements; • $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor,
Agua Callente, Cal. . , ,
Al I . nftll HOT SPRINGS — Water,
III U I 9 W clllnate > scenery .'¦' unsur-
ll I I Bl I I I P assed - Camping privi-
Ulla'lv I leges now. Trains from
him. 1 Third and Townssnd sts.,
0 aV m., 2:45 p. ni. .Literature on application.
* R. ROBERTSON, Gllroy Springs. Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Elsson.' Address H. ' McGulnness, Prop.
EL MONTE HOTEL. Sisson. Cal. Expe-
rienced guides at hotel. ¦ ' . ¦ • . ' . • . :
HOPPfAl SFRINCS.
These Mineral . Springs are pleasantly located
on the hillside Immediately adjoining the well-
known Bartlett Springs, Lake Co., Cal. Hotel
Pleasant View - is ~ again run J by - the , owner,
MRS.' -HOf PIN. ¦-,¦.- - .¦¦¦.-
•' ,"T«E CROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of.Tallae. Rates,
$2 per day, $0 per week; meals, 50c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery: boats free to
all guests. J. K. •: PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P.O., Cal.' p »-.';. - .
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
Information at Peck's. 11 Montgomery st., or
R. R. offlce, ¦ 650 Market, - or ¦ John Martens,
Bachelor P. O.., Lake Co.', Cal. . ¦ . .-' • - .
. MOUNTAIN HOME. ~~~ ~
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, • hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrono Monday, Wed. and
Bat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a; m. daily. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas, Cal., Prop.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
; LOS GATOS.
Under new • management. * Now open for
business. Rates, $8 to $15 per week.. "
FOREST HOTEL.
ALMA.-
Santa Cruz Mountatns. • Good trout • fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOH ME, Prop.:-.-.
HOTEL LA HONDA.
SITUATED IN THE REDWOODS.." GOOD
trout fishing. Season now open. Long dis-
tance phone. MRS. I. J. SEARS, La Honda,
San Mateo County, Cal.' ¦:'.. •-¦> ¦ • ' ;
TROUT FISHING.
Best in . State at BOCA,- CAL. : '
For information- address Boca Hotel. Boca.
Nev. Co., Cal., on TRUCKEE RIVER.-.'.
solid MroiiT?noME-g^g?aS^
altitude., No tog;. climate delightful. Large or-
chard, 'vegetable garden.' Hot, cold baths. Spring
water; swimming tank. Rates $7.wk. up. Stage
meets train. Schuler & Schebsn,: Napa, Cal..
ADVEBTTSEkENTS.
p»$ €&a5iL jS^Jw Itauir J«sV
is always
Brewed in a plant as . clean
as the cleanest home kitchen
— always open, to your inspec-
tion — 58,97 1 visitors last ysar.
. tw? signature is on every box of the geanlnt
, Laxative Bromo*Quinine Tabieta
\br* remedy that cures • cold 1st on* day.LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — May July Sept.
Opening 0 14 0% « 2'/ 4
Closing 6 11% 6. C 1%
I PARIS.
. Wheat — . . May. . Sept.
Opening ....;.. 2100 20 45
Closing ,' ..2180 20 45
Flour — ¦ - .
Opening 20 90 20 45
Closing 20 80 26 45 ,
Available Grain Supply. . .
NEW YORK, May 26.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, May .24, . as 1 compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange/is as follows:
Wheat — 30,385,000 bushels; decrease, 2,918,000
bushels. . " :
Corn — 4,297,000 bushels; decrease, C70.000
bushels. ¦ .
Cats— 2,314,000 bushels; decrease, 700,000
bufhejs. •• •
Rye — 074,000 bushels; decrease, 161,000
bushels.
Barley— 579,000 bushels; decrease, 104,000
bushels. ' •- ¦ ¦'
i'r -Nezv York Metal Market.
'. NEW YORK. May 26. — The local market for
tin was very quiet, with - quoted prices ", un
changed. Spot elosed at 129 05030 25. The
London market, was steady, but quiet, and
without important change. Spot closed -at
£135 10s and futures at £132 10s.
- Copper was quiet here and slightly higher for
lake, but other grades 1 were not essentially
chanced. A lot of SO, 000 . pounds electrolytic
for September sold at 12Vic. .The closing prices
were as follows: Standard spot to August, 12c;
lake. ?12 7O@12 80: electrolytic, - *12 STKiili
12 60; casting. $12 12y a @12 37%.
' The London copper market wa» quiet at £55
for spot and futures. r \
- Lead at New York closed at 4%c and London
declined Is 3d to £11 10s/
Spelter was unchanged here , at 4.75c, and
also unchanged abroad, with London closing at
£18 10s. • . - - . '.; - ," v -.1 ..;:.:,
'. -¦Th« local iron market showed little feature
and no. change in prices. Warrants were nom-'
lnal. 'No. 1 foundry Northern, $19 50®20 60:
Js'o. 2 foundry Northern, ?19 50@20 50; No. 3
Foreign Futures.
Articles — Receipts, Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ 15,000" 11,000
Wheat, bushels 10.000 187,000
Ccrn. bushels 94,000 ¦" 424,0CiJ
Oats, bushels 223,000 350,000
Rye. bushels 2,000' 1,000
Eariey. bushels' 15,000 ' 5,000
•¦On tho Produce Exhange to-*day the Butter
Market wan steady. • Creameries, 18@21V4c;
dairies.. 17^@U»c; checso. ctoady, 119i@129i'
eggs, firm, fresh. 14%@15tfc. .. ¦.-,¦',
"biers -and 14@15c for Hens;- Geese. ' per pair
*1 25@1 50: Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, ?4@4 50
for old • and ' $4. 50@6 for young; Hens. $4®5;
young Roosters, $6 00@8; old Roosters, $4 25©
4 50; Fryers, ?3 50@4 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and- 1150@2 60 for small; Pigeons, (J 75 ;
&2 per dozen for. old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs, j
,v.GAME- Hare, ?1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot- j
tontails .;and $1 for Brush. , . .
, . :¦¦- Butter,, Cheese. and Eggs.
: : There rtvas no change in Butter, Cheese or
Eggs yesterday. Receipts of all three were
ample,-"and these of Butter very large, v Butter
continued steady, with the fine grades 'firm at
the-recent- advance. Cheese was dull and plen
tiful- --. Eggs ruled steady, with 10c, not diffi
cult to obtain for fine large ranch... The mem
bers of the Dairy Exchanga held a' meeting, to
decide upon the future course of the Exchange,
and an account of it will be found in the local
columns, • . .' . < . •-.. ¦•:. ¦
Receipts were, 90,500 pounds, 2 barrels, 117
kegs and 503 tubs of Butter, 1222 cases of
Eggs, 1 car of Eastern Eggs, 14,850 pounds of
California Cheese and 21U0 pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20@21c per pound for
fancy, .lU@19V£c for firsts and 18(S)lSM.c lor sec
: onds; dairy. lG®-10c; store Butter, 14@16c per
i pound. -
UHKEBE-Xew. S'/sCO'/.c: old, Oigllc: Young
America, B«fJUc; Eastern, i:{@16c per pound.
EGGS— Ranch, lS's^l'Jc for fancy and 1U@
ISc for fair to gocd; store, lo^W^e per
dozen. y •
'- Deciduous and Citrus Fmits.
......
¦All varieties of 'Berries wore offering on, the
street , yesterday. Raspberries from Loomls
sold for -?2' per crate and Blackberries' from
the same place brought $1 50. Logan Berries
came in from Wallace, Stanislaus County, and
sold' for 12'^c per basket, or 75c per drawer. \
Some pcor Malinda Strawberries; from Wat- j
uonvllle were sold at the bottom quotations, j
but most of the offerings came to hand in I
good order and sold readily at good prices. j
Receipts of Cherries were large and "most
Of; the offerings came to hand overripe. •••• There j
was a steady inquiry for sound- stock for ship- ;
jilng, but as such stock was scarce there was-.!
(very little shipped. ' |
- Five boxes of choice Black Figs were re
ceived from Yuma, Arizona, but were not sold.'
up to a lats hour. Apricota from the same
piace were offering freely at the quotations. i
Fancy Oranges of all descriptions are. scarce •
and such stock," ,wheii obtainable,, sells read-' j
My at full figures. At the auction two cars
were sold as follows: -Standard Navels,. $1 «0 |
@2 for less than 100 bqxes; fancy Seedlings, 1
$1 S0@2 25; choice do, ?1 70@l 00; standard' 1
do, ,$l-30@l 05;' fancy Valenclas, $3 35. One j
car of choice Valencias was received "in the!
open market and sold readily at $3 per box.
There is nothing new to report in other fruits.
STRAWBERRIES— $5@7 . per. chest for Long
worths and $3@5 for Malindas; crates from
Watsonville, ; from Florin, 35@85c."- •- "¦ .- •'"
RASPBERRIES — 75c@.?i per drawer. " ¦¦'¦¦
GOOSEBERRIES — 20@25c per drawer and
2c in bulk.; English, . — — per drawer and £
In bulk. .,; . . ' ' • : '.. '¦-¦¦- ¦ -' % .; .
CURRANTS— fl, for .large drawer and 50c
for small. drawer. ¦ * . ¦• - > ,
APRICOTS— From Yuma, $2 50@2 75 "per
crate. .-,.•¦¦. ¦ •
APPLES — $1@2 50 per box, according to
quality. - • • • ¦- -¦• ¦¦ •
¦ CHERRIES— White, " 40@75c per box; in
bulk, 4@Uc; Black, 50@85c per box and 5@7c
in bulk. *
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1 50®
3 50 according to size and quality; Seedlings.
$1 50@2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25@2 50;
St. Michaels, $1 50@2; Valencias, $2 50@3 50-
Malta Blood Oranges,, $1 50@2; Tangerines, in
quarter boxes, 50c@$l and $1 25@1 50 in half
boxes; Lemons, 75c(g-$l for common and $1 25®
1 75 for good to choice and $2@2 75 for fancy;
Grape Fruit, 75c®$2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50-
Bananas, $2 25©3 per bunch for New Orleans
and ?2@2 50 for Hawaiian; Pineapples ?3@4
per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Everything under this head remains as pre
viously quoted. Stocks are so reduced that
there is very little fruit left to do business
upon. ' •
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
©13c for standard. to fancy "Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, lOgllHc; sun dried, 6@7c
Peaches. tiy*®8V lC ; Pe^rs, C@9c; Plums, pitted
C@0V4i; unpltted, l^^Hc: Nectarines, 5«@6c
for red and 6tf@6c for whjte; ngs, iiV,&iu, o
fcr black and 5%@0c for white. . ™
- PRUNES — 1901 crop are . quoted as follows I
30-40S, UV4«?0%c; 40-00s, 5©5%c; 50-6Cs 4V>Q
4%c; 60-70s. 4@4%c; 70-80s, 3%®3%c; 80-9Os
3iff:tWc; 90-lOOs, 2?4®2«4c per lb. • • - '
RAIBINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-croTfn 614
@7%c;. Loose Muscatels. 6%c for 4-crown and
6Yi.ii for seedless; 3-crown,. 6c; 2-crown 6%c
Seedless Sultanas, 5>l.c for unbleached and 1®
'8%c for bleached. Clusters— Imperials. S3-
Dehesa, $2 50: x Fancy r Jl 60; London Layers.,
NUTS— Walnuts", "No7'l~softsheH, 11 Uc No
2. GHO^Vjc; No." 1 hardshell, 0c; No. 2 7c Al
jnondg. .10^@12c for papershell, 9@10c 'for 'soft-
Bliell and.tiijiTc for. hardshell; Peanuts 0@7c for
Eastern; -Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts 12@
l^Vic; Pecans,- ll@13c;' Cocoanuts, $3 50®5 i Sf
HONEY— Comb,- ll®12c for bright and BtSlTc
for ll«rht amber; water white extracted. 5@
B%c; light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c
BEESWAX— 27He29o per lb. . !
: Provisions.
Chicago was lower," owing to larger receipts
of hogs than expected. ' The. demand was rather
poor. I ¦¦ : • • - . •-•-, :'¦-•"
- This market was dull and featureless at thA
old quotations. ' : ne
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 1454c for li*ht
15%o for- extra- light and i l«@17c for .sular
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams 14V4c- (-ail
fornia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, $10 wr
bbl; extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family. $11 50«
12; prime Mess Pork, $15@15 50; extra clear
$23; M«s. flSSOeU: Dry Salt Pork* 12« 0
Pig Pork, *25; Pigs' Feet. «4 75; 'Smoked -Beef
13Vj®14c per lb. '
LARD-r-Tlerces quoted at 8^@89ic per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels
pure. tj 12«cy&-lb tins, 13Ko;|5-Ib tins, li%l\
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c two
tierces. lOVtc; flye tierces, lo^c per lb. .. .
'Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium; 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides
OV&c for heavy and 0c for light: Stags 7c'
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9V6c; Salted Calf'
-loc; Dry Hides, 15@l(JVjc; Culfs, 14©15c- Dry
Kip, ll@13c: Dry Calf, 16@i8c: Culls and
Brands, 15@lCc; Sheepskins, shearlings "00
30c each; short Wool. 40@<i0c each : medlunj
0t»@"5c; long- Wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, »;alt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium, $1 50$2 for small and 50c for Colts- !
Horse Hide«, dry, $1 75 for large. $1 co for
medium. $1©1 25 for small and 50c fur Colts
Buck Skins— Dry Mexican. 32i£c; dry ealted
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 32Uc
Goat Skins — Prime Angoraa, 75c; large and
smooth. 00c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. G}J0Cc per 1b-
No. 2. -4%@5c; grease, 2*Am%c. ::-¦¦ '
, WOOL— Spring, Northern free, 14@l{5c do
defective. 13@14c: Middle County free, 13@l3c'
do, defective,' 12@13c; Southern. 12 months \)<d
lCc; do, 7 months, 0©llc; Foothill, 11@13"
Nevada, 12@15c per lb. '
HOPS— 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for.
good to choice. . . . ¦ .¦¦..•„¦'
- ; .,San Francisco Meat Market.
There is nothing new. Receipts of Cattle,
Sheep and Hogs are ample for all current
needs. ¦' -.
V DRESSED MEATS. < ¦¦ .-..'' ~?il :
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as lolrows: '- ' _¦ ¦ »
BEEF — «i%i&7»6c for Steers' and C@0^io "per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@Sc; small, S<S0c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7&@Si&c; Ewes,. 7^3
Sc per )b. : ¦
LAMB — Sprlns Lamb*. 0@10c per lb. •
PORK— Dressed Hoga, 7H@0Vic per lb. -
; '- 'LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are fcV good sound"
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage . for cattle: . ,
CATTLE— Steers, 8Vi@9c; Cows and Heifers
7jS7V>c; thin Cows. 4©. 5c per lb. - ..-,'
CALVES— 5@5^4c per lb (gross weighty. ¦ ¦ ¦
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4V^c; Ewes, 3@3>/, c per
lb (gross weight). :
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 00@2 75 p Er
head or 4%®5c per 1b livo weight; yearlings. 4
ft4V>c per lb. • • . • ; . , ... -¦.-.
. HOGS— Live Hogs, 2C0 lbs and under C*ic
200 lbs and over, «@tl^c; feeders. (j^o4o
aowa . 20 : per ." cent ¦ off,- bears 50 per cent oft
and stags 40 per cent, off from the .abova quo
tations. ¦ '<; m ¦. ¦ "-' ¦ ¦ ' - "^
, General Merchandise. ' . . •.
j ¦ BAGS— Grain Bags. Juno and July. 69i@6c;
San Quentin; 5.53c; Wo6rBags,32<0:35c;. Fleece
Twine, '7%@Sc.': : .''-' ' ' , ''
• V COAL— Wellington, $9.. per ton; • Sotfthnahi
Wellington," $a:" Seattle, $0.00; Bryant, ?u 60-
Roslyn, $7; Cooa Bay, $5 50; Greta. $S; Walls
eud, $« Mi; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 00;.Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and ?13 25 in sacks; 1'euu
nylvania Anthracite Egg, - — ;*- Welsh Anthra
ctte, $14; Cannel, *H. per ton; Coke, *ia p^r
ton In bulk and $17 . in sacks; Rocky , Mouu
tain doscriptlons, ?8 45 : per. 2liU0 lbs and $s iu
uer ton, according to brand. ,,'• - - ' . - t
.OIl^— California' Castor Oil, in cases/ No. " ]
70c; pure, *1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels/ boiled*'
7&c; raw, 7 lie; cases, 3c more; Lucol, . 0»c roj
boiled"and"«0c- tor raw;' in' barrels; Lard Oii
extra winter strained,. barrels, $1; cases.'Jil o.t-
China • Nut, 57>-J@0.So per j gallon ; ¦ pure I NeaU
loct, in barrels, "70c; cases; 75c; Sperm, pure
05c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@i0c per gal
lon; Fish 1 Oil,, barrels, 42 ] ,£c; , cases, . 47Vjc
Cocoanut JOB. barrels, .t»»fcc for. Ceylon and
OSVic for. Australian. • ¦ , ...
COAL ortr— Wilier- White. Coal Oil.; in *ulk
l»Vaffil-tc; -Pearl Oil.' in cases. : 20c; Astral, 20c :
Star. 20c; Extra Star, Elaine. 25c:Eocene.
22c: dec-Jorlzed stove 'Gasoline, in bulk, IBc
in casen, 22^c; Benzine,\ in bulk, 14}jc; In
NSW YORK. May 20. — There was rather
more activity In the market to-day than dur
iaz the latter part of laet week, but it was at
/-« expense cf veluts cf standard stocks.
~"^::cre were tome Ej>eciaHies which stock ad
\V 3c< -6 would have served as a sustaining in
fluence under ordinary circumstances. Neither
¦was there any ba-J news to account for the
celling. The day's immediate developmente
were rather fefcLle, but the failure of tha
favorable developments and of the persistent
tardiness ef the market to attract any specu
lative demand for fctucks served to discourage
rant considerable holders who had tired of the
ljatsivity of the market, with the result -thai
ir.t-; unloaded considerable lints to-day. There
eetmed 10 lie a large speculation in J5t. Paul,
IJr.ion I'aclnc and less amounts of various
other stocks, which were urgently pressed for
ta.I<!. The only immediate news of a depress
ing character was the spread of the coal min
ing !a.t>or trouble* into some »ortions of 1 the
«_oal tielCs in Yireinia and West Virginia. The
coalers themselves, however, were little af
fected. Tiie rate for call money simmered
dowa to a ciulet 3-point basis, without any
notable demand in the foreign exchange market
for return of borrowed money abroad. • Bu'
oespiie the relief accorded by the larte sumb
borrowed on the Euroi<ean Continent and from
our own domestic centers, there is tome solici
tude apparent in financial circles over the
future meeting of the large obligations which
bavt been incurred. Bankers are inclined to
nur>e their reserve to ume extent in order to
strengthen their position acainst the future
need. The apparent approach of peace in South
Africa was sn inspiring influence In foreign
stock markets, but seemed to be disregarded
here. Canadian Pacific continued its rernark
febie advance, whioh save rise to rumors of
*omethlns like a struggle for control between
the present dominant interest and the North
ern Securities group. There were a few minor
point* of etrenpth among the railroads. Rut
land preferred scored a 9-point recovery on
light transactions. Among the industrials
which were as resrular as the railroads Pressed
Steel Car was conspicuous for a rise of nearly
5 points without explanation. Favorable news
from the crop*, continued increases in railroad
earnings reported for the third week of May
and generally encouraging news from air
branches of industry except the coal trade
r^med to b* Ignored in the trading. The mar
ket closed quite active and irregular, but with
many prominent Btocks at about the lowest.
The bond market was rather dull nnd ir
regular. Total eales, f 2.041.000. United States
bonds were a!t unchanged on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Sale*. High. Low. Close.
13.200 KOM 79% 70^
W Atchlson pfd ¦ fcW !>S% 88V4 »S
Baltimore &. Ohio.. 300 10(i% 10C& .100
Halt & Ohio pfd. .. ' . . . . • 05
Canadian Pacific. .117, COO 141% 137% 140
Canada Southern... 200 IWVi i»5% »5%
Ches & Ohio 200 «G% 46% 4G4£
Chicago & Alton... 1,400 38 37r* 37«i
Chgo & Alt pfd... 200 "7«% 7C% 76 Ji
Ch^o, Ind & Lou'.s. 103 74 74 74
Ch»fo, Ir.d ic L pfd. "..- 85
<;hg«j & Kastern 111 • ie3%
<"hgo & <! Weytern. 2,200 2UH 2S% £8%
Ohisro & O XV A pfd ..... K8
<.ligo & O W li pfd 400 48 / 47«i 47
Chgo A Nwestern .... 247 V-
Chgo. H I & Pac. 400 172'^ 171^ 171 V %
<;hpo Terra & Trn. ¦ 21%
Chi* T«?na & T pfd .",00 2S% 38 14 SH\ t
*., C, C & St L 200 105% JO5% 105
<oio Southern 1.000 ;'.1}4 8094 31
<:olo So 1st pfd.... 100 71 71 70-
Colo 80 2d pfd 200 42% 42 - 43
l-'elawar* A Hud.. 600 17CVi 170 J >S 375
lid. !,ack A Wstrn .... 200
3>enver ti-. Itio Gr 41
3>. n & rjo Gr pfd. 100 SO 90 90
Krte 1.R00 M% 3G?i -30%
Erie 1st pfd 600 07% 07% 07 Vi
y-rif '2>1 uti SOO 51% 61 50»i
Oreat Northern pfd .* 183
Jlocklns: Valley 300 82V4 81% 82
-lucking Val pfd 'MM*
XUUsciJi Central 1,400 154',i IK! 3C2 2 i
luv.a Central 400 45'i 45 45
low* Central pfd.. 200 83V4 83', KJ>J',
--aVe Hrle K West ' .... KA\' 2
-al.» };iic ft. W pfd COO J25 125 125' '
I>ou!e\-ilie & Ne»h. 600 140 138^ 138
vjlfcnhattan Elev... !>00 133 132% 132%
fjjMrcjJoUtan 8t By 1,000 150 148% 14814
(-i«ican Central... M00 27% 27 \i 27 H
Kinn & Bt Louis... " 100 112 112 lll'i
I-iis*our1 Pacific... 3,200 J00?6 99% 09%
Wo. Kans & Tex... SOO 2G% 26 25%
Mo. Kans & T pfd. 200 LOV* f>5»4 55>|
New Jersey Central 1W)
heMT York Cent 3,000 157ft 150 150H
New York Stock Market.
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat,' — ; No. 3, 73»ic;
No. 2 red, 81c; No. 2 oats, 43@43%c; No 2
white. 44%<?45c; No. 3 white, 44@44%c; fair
to choice malting barley, 70@72c; No. 1 flax
see!?. $1 09; No. I Northwestern, $1 70; prime
timothy seed. $0 30®6 35; mess port, 1 per bar
rel. $l(>r»0<??16 95: lard, per 100 pounds (boxed),
$10 10@10 12% : short ribs side? (loose), ?'.) C0<3>
0 7C; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 8@8 J /ic;
short clear sides (boxed), $10 10010 20; whis
key, basis of hich wines. SI 30; clover, con
tract grade. $8 35. • • • . '.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO. May 26. — Wheat showed- a good
amount of strength all day, although early. in
the session there was a short-lived dip on a
dull market. Cables were weak, there was a
promise of better receipts from the Southwest,
and opinions differed about the weather condf
tlons. July opened a shade to HQYtC lower
at 73%@73%cito 73%@73«4c. A fair commis
sion house demand helped prices along for a
time, but prices early fluctuated very narrowly
because of good crop prospects. When the visi
ble supply showed a decrease of 2,048,000 bush
els and liberal decreases In local stocks wens
taken „ Into . consideration, bulls began to lift
prices. Stocks here during the week had de
creased 410,000 bushels, and the Northwest had
lost 2,000,000 bushels. Traders who had been
in the country .Sunday talked of exces'sive"rains'
in many districts. . There was ' some fair late
activity and July sold up to 73%@74c mate
rially aided ' by the strength In com. The
close was firm, %@%c up at 73%@73%c. ¦:
¦ Nearly every argument favored an upturn In
corn. ' Cables were firm, cash business was
good, and the- crowd, rather than sell short,
• was Inclined to take all the scanty offerings
at better prices. • July closed' strong, -*16xic
up. at t»©63&c. "¦-- - . r
¦ Oats were quiet and relied on- corn for sup
port. July closed unchanged at' 37%c. ¦-.-,• ¦ •
Provisions had to contend against -the weak
.enlng influence of a weak hog market at the
yards. Offerings- were liberal and prices de
clined easily. Late in the day. when- the pit
was dull, there was a light rally on the corn
strength, but the close was 10c lower for July
pork, lard and ribs 7%@10c lower.
¦ The leading futures . ranged as follows :
¦Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days,....— $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight;.. 4 88
Sterling, Cables ...-.'...., — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight..'... ' '¦— - 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . 17%
Silver, per ounce ,..".'.',— 01%
Mexican Dollars, nominal... .-.'..•'— j 45fe
Wheat and Other Grains.
'• . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ' j* --
WHEAT — Paris and Liverpool futures were
both lower. The world's shipments for the
week were., as follows, in quarters: Russian,
171,000; Argentine, 114,000; Indian, 86,000. The
American .visible supply decreased 2,048,000
bushels.
The Chicago market was dull, but firmer,
with increasing complaints of too -much rain
in various localities and a rumor that the
English duty was to be rescinded. The sea
! board took 60 loads for export. , ¦[
This market . was dull and - lower on call,
though shipping grades were unchanged.-
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%@1 15; milling,
>?1 16Vi©l 17% per ctl. ¦
. ',CALL BOARD SALES. V
r Informal Session — 0.-15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— December — 2000 ctls, $1 1314.
Regular Morning Session—^December — 10 000
ctls, $1- 13; 8000, $1 12%; •'"'¦' .-; ¦ .'- ¦
Afternoon Session — No sales.
i v BARLEY— The market was steady, quiet and
unchanged. '.; ; ;
> Feed, $1@1 OlVi for No. 1 arid 97%@08%c
for oft grades; brewing and shipping grades,'
$1@1 02%; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL- BOARD>;4AliES. "~ -' ft I* !
Informal Session— 9:15 Vclbck— No sales." ' *
Second Session— No sales.. . .
- Regular Morning Session — No 'sales. '
"' Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 84c.
•OATS — Local dealers report, business very
good at the moment; Saturday and yesterday
: being the most active ¦ days for a long time.'
Prices continue firm. - / . ; ¦ ' •
Grays, $137*46145: ' whites, $1 35@1 30;
milling, ?1 50|ftl 05; black, $1 25@1 35; red
$1 32',4@1 45 per ctl.
CORN — The local situation remains firm and
closely held. Chicago reported the shorts and
Gates party buying freely.
Large. Yellow, $1 47%®1 52%; round
do, ?1 5C«fl 55; White; $l'00@l 62%. "
. RYE- : -i>0<g 1 95c'per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75 per ctl and nominal.
;, Flour and Millstuffs. '.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 500
¦3 75. usual terms: Bakers" Extras,' $3 40@3 6p;
Oregon," $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3(83 50 Kr Bakers'; Washington Bakers'. $3&
3 60. . . **
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in . sacks are as . fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: /Graham
Flour, $3 per- 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3: Rye Meal
$2 75; Ric« Flour,. $7; Corn 'Meal,. °$3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; hominy. $i«
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat." $3 60; Farina, $4 50; • Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@0- in
Backs, $0 85@8 ()0; Pearl Barley, $5 60; Split
Peas, $5 DO; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
.. Hay and Feedstuffs. '
Bran and Middlings- continue very firm. Hay
Is eaBy. .with ample receipts. Some new Bar
ley and Alfalfa Hay "from the river came in
and ?0 50 was bid' for it. . . -
¦¦ BRAN— $18 50®19 50 per, ton.
MIDDLINGS— ?21@23 00 per ton. • • '. -
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley,' $21S22 ner
ton; Oilcake Meal at the Mill, ?25@26- job
bing, $2« 50<g27; Cocoanut Cake, $20021' Con
Meal, $H1@82: Cracked Corn, $3150032 50*'
Mixed Feed, $16017; Cottonseed Meal, >>tt 5o'
HAY — Extra fine: Wheat, $12; 'fair to choice
do, $» 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, 89(311 SO-
Oat, $S@10 -BO;. Alfalfa. $7011: -Clover. $7<ffia:
..Volunteer, 00; •Stock, $6@$ per ton
...STRAW — lOBJtiSc per bale. •
Beans and Seeds.
- Beans' ffhowed" no chanire yesterday. Thn
, market •' .was ''flulet 'and featureless. ..
BE^NS— Bayos; ?;i®» 10; small White S2 40
@2 50; large White, $2.2002 30; p ea $r,
3 50: Pink, $2 0G®2 20; Red, $2 CO; Blackeve
$4 i)0@5; Limas, W 05@'J 75;, Red Kidneys'
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. >•> ' " i3>
• SEEDSrr-Trieste Mustard. ?2 50©2 05' V e l
low Mustard^-" 93 25«f.'5 00; Flax, $2 25'@2 00-
Canary, 3%c for -Eastern; -Alfalfa from Utah'
10%@lUic: California, 10@10%c; Rape lvtl
'¦lY*c; Hemp. »%c-per lb. • »«i
DRIED PEAK — Nlles. $1 C0Q2; Green $1 50
@2; lilackeye, nominal. . ' '
% Potatoes; Onions' and Vegetables.
Prices on now Potatoes showed little change
but the .market had an easier tone, ns offer
ings were large and there was very little shin
ping. Old were> dull, and some oft stock vas
sold below : the quotations.. -
Stocks of Onions continued large and prices
remain as before quoted, v. ¦ ' . .
Receipts of Asparagus, 'Rhubarb and Peaa
were light, and better prices were obtained
for offerings. String and Wax Beans contln
'acd',itQj.aeJl well -at good prices. New Garlic
appeared on- the market and sold well at the
quotations below. . Changos In other vegetables
were Blight... . • . .. • , "
3 POTATOES — New Potatoes, 51 fi6@l 75 j n
sacks 'and $1 35@1'75 in boxes; oltf, Slijji <{•;
lor Burbanks from the river; from- Ore<*on mid
Washington, $1 25@1 00; River Reds $1 'inja
1 DO; Orccon. Burbanks, for seed, lljjl'sd-
Sweets, —^— . ' - : " '
''ONIONS— Australian. .$3 50@3 75J e 0con j
•handsfnew red, 40@50o; per sack;- Sllver»kln«
40«?50o per box. ! .".,. ... ."Kins.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus, "extra fan™
$2 25(82 fiO per box, $1 75^2 for No. 1 and $1®
1 50" for No: 2; Jtmibarb.' 50®75c per box- eTtr?
fancy, S5c<g$l 25: Green Pea*, S5c@?l -per sack ¦
Garden. Peas, $.1,25 per sack; String Beans
from Lcs Angeles,. OfflOo par. 1U; from Vacavllle
C@7c; Wax. Co for Loa Angel03 and •j<Q.&n t n l
Vacavllle: Cabbage, 75@90c per ctl; tJmavsJ.
les Tomatoes, . j per. crate ;¦ Mexican Tr ma
loes. ?2@2 00 per box; Dried Peppers, lofflilip
per lb: Los Angeles do. 13@17%c; Carro's a?
per sack; 'Cucumbers from Marysville,'S2W2 (50
per box; from Arizona," 75c per dozen; Hothotis»
dc-.''4O4fTnc"p€r.<5Os'.en'fcr small "and' $1^1 25 for
large;- Garlic. 203 V&c -for new; Los 'Anjrelen
Green Peppers, - 12%c; ' Mexican do, ¦ 15®20c-
Egg Plant, from Los Angeles,. 7@10c;' Summer
Squash, from ; Loa Angeles, $1©1 23; from Ma
ryBVilIe,"75c@$l: Marrowfat :- Squash, $15(3"0
per toii ;' Hubbard Squash, $15@20. ' - ;-'7- ¦
Poultry and Game: >;¦
¦ Prices .under 'this head were unchanged, ¦ as
the Teceipts of ¦-Callfornian : were very; light 'and
00 Eastern came lp. ' r' " '
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Cob-
Chicago Grain and Produce,
Weather Report.
(320th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAIT FRANCISCO. May 26—5 p. m.
The following are the maximum tempera
tures reported from stations in California dur
ing the past twenty-four hours:
Eureka 60Lo» Angeles 68
Fresno 00 Sacramento 78
Ml. Tamalpais.. C4JSan Luis Obispo C8
Hed Bluff 8SiSan Diego 66
-ndependence S0|
Pan Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
((>: minimum, 02; mean, 56.
THE COAST RECORD. < __
Temperature at 7 a. m., 52 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Unusual conditions prevail over the country
west of the Rocky Mountains. At Portland a
current temperature of 90 degrees is reported,
end except along the Immediate coast the tem
peratures are 20 degrees or more above the
r.ormal in Washington and Oregon. In Cali
fornia from San Francisco to Eureka the tem-
Tieratures have not exceeded €0 degrees. In the
Ereat valley the temperature has reached DO
degrees except at Sacramento, where it con
tinues ti degrees colder than the normal.
A thunder storm is reported at Salt Lake
City with northerly winds at the rate of thirty
miles an hdttr. .-. . -- '- ~- ' -
Cioudy weather prevails along the entire
cca« of California.- .
Forecast made at Ean Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnierhx Mey 27: ¦¦• - '
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weath"
er Tuesday, possibly light showers; . fresh
southwest winds. -• .'
Southern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday; fresh southwest winds. . ¦ ¦ ,
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday; cooler. ¦ 1-
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
leather Tuesday, possibly light showers; fcg
in the morning; brisk pouthweet winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
on NW corner of Hayes and Cough street*.
W 26 by N 90; also lot on the S line of Page
etreet. 82:6 E of Laguna, E 27:6 by S 120;
also undivided one-half interest in lot on the
SE corner of Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street, E 100 by S 120: also undivided one-half
interest in lot on the E line of Van Ness ave
nue. 120 S of Hayes street. S 17 :« by E 100;
gift.
David and BridRet Cornfoot to Lorenzo Lo
renzlnl and Louis Christofoni. lot on E line
of Fillmore street, 78 N of Sacramento. N 75
by E 118:9; ?10.
Ella F. O'Brien (widow) to William A. Cox.
lot on E line of Ashbury street, 190 S of
Frederick, S 22:6 by E 106:3; $10.
Thomas Rychold to Thomas J. Abies, lot on
N line of Sacramento street. 82 W of Walnut.
W 30:6, N 127:8%. E 29. S 25. B 1:6. S
102:8%; $10.
' Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Nelli*
B. Clough. lot on W line of Cherry street. 37
S of Washington. S 42:11. W 100:7. N 29:4.
E 03:3; $1700. -
John and Lillie Maloney (Cook) to Michele
Mcrtede and Pasqual* Devlncenzi. lot on W
line of Collins street. 200 S of Point Loboa ave
nue, S 60 by 120; $10.
John B. Mersch to Alexander Magee, lot on
N line of Twenty-first street, 60 E of Treat ave
nue, E 25 by N 100: $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to George H.
and Emma J. Larkin. lot on E line of Hart
ford street, 112:4 S of Seventeenth, S 25 by
E 125: $10.
Margaret Schulken. (wife of Henry) to Mat
thew Klrchen. lot on S line of Twenty-third
street, 1C0 W of Hampshire, W 25 by 8
104; $10.
Caroline W. (or Karollne W.) Boehnke to
Arthur E. Boehnke, lot on 9 line of Twenty
ninth street, 80 W of Sanchez, W 25 by 3 114;
gift.
William W. and Hattle J. Thompson to Wil
liam Wankowski, lot en S line of Bush street.
180:5 W of Grant avenue (new line), 160:5
(eld line). W 22:11, S eS:6. W 0:5, S 57:6, E
23:4. N 126; $10.
Willis G. Witter to John P. Allen, lot on SB
line of Pacific and Mason streets. S 48 by E
75:6; $10.
Frank F. and Nellie P. Moulton to Cesare
Masoero, lot on S line of O'Farrell street. 157:6
W of Powell, W 40, S 77:6, E CO. N 20, W 20,
N 57:6; 810.
C. F. Humphrey to Robert Gibson, lot on N
line of California street, 75 E of Larkin. E 25,
N 70:10. W 25:2, S 70: $10.
Emma Livingston to Samuel Davis, SB block
26, block bounded by Hubbell, Noble. Sixth and
South street a; $10.
Anna-E. Leu (wife of Hennlng C.) to Chris
tina D. Barthold (wife of Herman), lot on NW
line of Natoma street, 175 SW of Eighth, SW
25 by NW 75: $1000.
. Nellie Burrows to Carrie E. Bridge (wife of
H. S.). lot on SE" <Sprner~of Twenty-second
(Sierra) and Indiana streets, S 42:3, SE 128:5,
NE 50, NW 115:9. W 27:1; $10.
Tubbs Cordage Company (corporation) to
same, lot on S line of Twenty-second street.
27:6 E of Indiana. E 72:11, S 40:5. NW to be
ginning; $10.
Myra A. Greenwood (widow), Frank M.
Greenwood, Jane G. Chipman (formerly Jane B.
Greenwood), George D. and Fred A. Green
wood to Monroe Greenwood Estata Company,
lot on E line of Third avenue. 125 S of Lake>
street. S 25 by E 120. quitclaim deed: $1.
Jens P. Nlssum to Samuel P. Bartley. lot on
E line of Third avenue, 125 S of Lake street,
S 25 by E 120: $10.
Matilda and Frans G. Nelson to Herbert F.
Ward, lot on W line of Fifth avenue, 325 S
of Clement street, S 25 by E 120; $10.
. Solomon and Dora Getz to Julius Girod, lot
on E line of Eleventh avenue. 225 N of A
street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
H. W. and Emma Quitzow to Henry W. Quit
zow Jr.. lots 2271, 2272, 2273, 2294 to 2296.
Gift Mar> 4;. $5.
• Frank J. and Mary E. Gllfether to Eugene
and Katharine Horrigan, lot on SE line of
Lisbon street, 125 SW -of Brazil. SW 25 by
SE 100. block 28, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Walter acd Flora D. Magee to Frank Reich
muth. lot on S corner of Mission and Holly
streets. SW 82:5. E 64:5. NW 100, lot 1. block
F, French & Gilman Tract; $10.
Henry Wackenreuder to Rosa Behnke (wife
of Frederick), Interest In estate of Vitus Wack
enreuder, deceased; also property outside of
county; gift.
Ellen J. Caxrick to Mary E. Bailey, lot on N
line of Hale street, 175 W of Merrill. W 25
by N 75, lot 8. block 7. Tract A. People's
Homestead Association; $10.
Charles H. Moore to Annie, Charlotte M.. An
drew. Ralph H., Joseph A. and Robert 8.
Moore, estate of Joseph Moore and all claims
against Moore Investment Company; $3.
Alameda County.
Dorothea M. C. Nlssen (adrctnfstratrlx of es
tate of Theodor Meetz) to B. F. Smith, lot on
N line of Railroad avenue, W E of Concordia,
E 38:10% by N 150. Alameda; $850.
Rose M. Hanson and Clara A. Cross (ex
ecutors estate of Elizabeth Mack) to Luey B.
Blackwood. all interest in lot on E line of
Franklin street. 150 N of Twentieth or Delger.
E 80.92. NE 32.03. NW 82. CO, S 32, Oakland;
$2600.
Margaret A. Webster t» B. ,H. "Webster, lot
on 2f line of Parsons street, now Fifty-fifth.
200.69 (100.69) W of Park. W 50 by*N 01, lot
13. block D. map Ga^klll Tract, Oakland; $10.
San Francisco and Oakland Mutual Loat
Association (a- corporation) tr> George H. and
Catherine M. Carson, lot on S line of Sixty
third street. 207.94 W of Baker. W 60 by S
162.45. lot 14. block B, amended map J. W.
Crawford Tract. Oakland; $10.
Mary St. John (single) to Henry and Mar
garetta Plnkus. lot on SE corner of Filbert and
Twenty-fourth streets, S 107:8 by E 100. block
I map survey northern extension of Oakland.
Oakland; $10. ¦ \ ¦ . .
Edward P. Flint to Lizzie Halbert. lot 11,
block D. map resubdlvlslon of blocks C and D,
Flint Tract. Oakland; $10. -
Helen Maude and W. H. Richardson (hus
band) to Helen A. Williamson (widow), lot oa
S line of Thirty-second street, 310 E from
Grove, E 40 by S 140, block 2036, Map of Row
land Tract. Oakland: $10.
Mrs. Eliza J. and H. N. McChesney (hus
band) to Emma Morris- (wife of J. W.)^_lot on
NE llr.e of Twenty-fourth atrent. 140 NW from
F.leventh avenue. NW CO by NE 150, block 140.
Cllntcii, East Oakland: $10.
' John Alfred and Fanny V. Marsh to Belle S.
Senfest, lot on E line of Piedmont avenue. 30O
S from Dwight way, fl 30 by E 133. block 1,
Map of property of John Kearney, near Stats
University, being portion of block 73, Berkeley;
$10.
-Emlle G. Schonwasser to Mary 8. Halgrht
(wife of George W.). lot on NW corner of En
cinal avenue and Lafayette street. N 46:8 by B
108, block 5. Bartlett Tract. Alameda; quit
claim deed; $1.
Bank cf California (corporation) to tame.
same (conveys Interest acquired by deed Jun«
21). 1900), Alameda; quitclaim deed; $1.
Mary S. and George W. Halght (husband) to
E. F. Loud/ same,. Alameda; $1.
August' and Mary De Smet to John and Lucy
Williams, lot on N line of Thirty-eighth street.
110 E of West, E 53 by N 145. lots 28 and
29, block O, map of Major Given Tract, Oak
land: $5. -
. Albert G. and Cordelia Ellen Gurnett to
Samuel P. and Susan C. Lovett. lot on ?rw Una
Patten street (or Fourth avenue). 3CT N of
NW, comer of East Sixteenth street and said
avenue, NW 150 . by SW S3, East Oakland;.
?10. '
Builders' Contracts.
• Sampson Tarns and Daniel L. Randolph
(owners) with Cahill & Hail Elevator Company
"(contractors), architects Meyer & O'Brien —
Two freight elevators and two sidewalk eleva
tors for a four-story and basement brick build
ing on lot on SWISne of Spear street. 183: t •
SK of Market. SE 75:10. SW 137:6, NW 75:10.
NW 137 :G:- $4350.
The California Bottling Company (owners)
with Fred P. Fischer (contractor), architects
John & Zlmmermann — All work except paint
ing, gasflttlng. plumbing and sewering for
wooden structure used for bottling works and
dwelling on. lot on SE line of Harrison «treet.
175-NE of Ninth. NE lrt) by SE 170: $14,082. ..
Same owners, with Henry Hufschmldt (con
tractor). * architects same — Gasflttlng. plumb
ing and sewering' for same on tame; $1545 40.
Norfolk & Western 1.000 56T4 56% 56 l i
Norfolk ft W Dfd. 8!>
Ontario & Western 500 32% 32%, 32%
Pennsylvania 3,800 149% 1*9 14'JVi
Reading 20,200 C2fc 61% 01%
Reading 1st pfd... .500 8.}% 82% 82VS
Reading 2d pfd 1,100 08^4 «8 ' 67%
.fit Louis & S F.... 100 67Vi 67% «7%
Et L & S F 1st pfd 83
St L &. S F 2d pfd. 200 71% 71%' 71%
St Louis Swstrn.. "300 27 27 27
St Louia Swstn pfd 100 59>i 6'JVi 58%
et Paul ,..23,200 171% 1«9% 1W*%
Pt Paul pfd V.. 300"' 190 100 189
Southern Pacific... 9,400 05 64% 64%
Southern Railway.. 2,700 37% 36% 36%
Eo Railway pfd.... 800 85% 84% 94%
Texas & Pacific... 1,200 41% 41'^ -40%
Tol, St L & W W0 21 21 '21»|
Tol, St L & W pfd 300 37% 37% 37%
Union Pacific 40,900 105 104% 104VV
Union Pacinc pfd.. 300 87 V> 87% 87
Wabash 6.000 27% 20% 26%
Wabash pfd 1,700 44% 43%^" 43
Wheel & L E 500 22 21% 21%
Wheel & L E 2d pf .... 24
Wisconsin Central.. 7,800 28% 27 28
Wisconsin Cent pfd 7,700 60% 49 49%
Express companies — ¦ . • ' . •
Adams .... .... 200
American ...\ . V .... .... 2°1
United States 115
Wells-Fargo '. .... 200' •
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper.....'. 19,800 71 C9% 70
Am Car & Foundry 1S.600 31 T» 30% 31«
Am Co»i & Foun pf 1,800 81 90% 90%
Am LUseed Oil... 100 26 26 25
Am Linseed Oil pfd 02
Am Smelt & Refln. 14,500 49% 48% 1 48%
Am Smelt & R pfd 2.400 »7% 97% > 97 U
Anaconda Min Co. . 800 118% 117% 117
Brooklyn Rap Tran 10.700 «S% t»7% 07%
Colo Fuel & Iron.-. 13,400. 101% 99% 100%
Consolidated Gas... 500 222% 222% 2'*2%
Continental Tob pf . 300 121 121 120%
General Electric 315
Hocking Coal 600 1S% 18% 18
International Papr. 200 21 20% 20%
Iiitcrnatl Power 70
National Biscuit... 40rt 48 . 47% 47%
National Lead 5,800 23% 22% 23
North American... 100 124 ¦ 124 l"^
Pacific Coast ««
Pacific Mail " . "" 40
People's Gas 1.500 102% l6i% 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 30,100 50% 45% 50
Pressed St Car pfd. 6,300 8S 85% 87%
Pullman Pal Car.. 500 234 234 234
Republic Steel COO 17% 17% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 000 74% ' 74 73%
g. u P»r .-. -• 4.100 129U 128% 128%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 4,600 65V4 «3»4 64»yi
Union Bag & Paper 100 15 15' 15
Lnlon Bag & P pfd ... 81
H I Leather... 700 13% 13% 13%
\ S Leather pfd.. 100 84% 84% 84
U S Rubber C00 15% 14% 15
I S Rubber p(d... 200 56% 56% < 5fi%
U S Steel 9,500 40% 40 40
L S Steel pfd 2,800 90% 90 00
Western Union 100 90% 90% 90%
Am Lrcomctive 2,500 32U 31i2 32
Am Locomotive pf^ 300 93% 03% 9394
K C Southern 2,€00 34 33 3.1 %
K C Southern pfd. " 100 61% 61% > «iij
' Totkl sales. 1 . '.',. ''.CX3,20O' '.'.'¦' ¦ '¦"' '
:' : "NEW; YORK ¦•BONDS"."". '' '"'.^ ';
U-S ref2 s reg...iut>% L & N unlf 4s. ..103%
Do ref is coup..lOB' A Mexican Cea 4s.. 82%!
. Do 3u reg xm-u. Do 1st ¦: !nc -. , . :. 32
l>o as COUD/....108 MJnn & St L 4s.. 103
lio new 4s reg..l3«'4 M K & Texas 4t..l01>i
Do new 4s coup.l3«Vi ¦ Do 1'ds . jj'"
l>o old 4s reg... 110^, N Y Central 1su".1ih£
Do old 4s coup.llO^, Do gen 3%s ...108
Do 6b reg lua* N J Cen gen 5s. .138%
Do 5s coup 100^4 Northern Pac 4a.. 105
Atchlson gen 4s. .103% Do 3a ... . 731J
Do adjust 4s;... 94 Nt>rf & W con 4s."102
Bait Ar Ohio 4s.. .102% Reading gen 4s... W%
I>o 3%s ....... 96 St li & I M «bn 5S.116JS
Do conv 4s .;..107 St I. «-.' S F'4s 9S
Can South 2ds... 100 - St L S W lsts..." 98%
Central of Ga5s..ltttJT* Do 2ds ... .... &m
Do 1st inc 8U 1 San A & A P 4s. . 90
Ches & Ohio 4V5S.1O8% Southern Pap 4s.. 05%
Chi & Alton 3»*s. 84% Southern Ry 5 B 122 ii
C B & Q new 4s. »« Texas & Pac lsts 121
C M&StP gen 4s. 115 Tol St L & W 4s. 82%
C & N W con 7s. 134 Union Pacific 4s..l05»i
C R I & Pac 4s. 112 Do conv 4s.....lO7ii
CCC&St L gen 4s. 104% Wabash lets ....120ii
Chi Term 4s 83% Do 2ds 112
Colo & South 4s.. 05% Do deb B 75%
Denver & R G 4s. 103% West Shore 4s ...114
Erie prior lien 4s. 100 W &.L Erie 4s.. 01
Do gen 4s .... 87% Winconsin Cen 4s..94ii
Ft W & D C lsts.H4ii Con Tob 4s 67
Hocking Yal 4%s.llO
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 45 Ontario 8 00 -
Breece 50. Ophir 125
Brunswick Clon., 10 Phoenix ........ 00
Comstock Tun... 05% Potosi 30
Con Cal & Va?.l 40 Savage 12
Deadwood Terra. 1 00 Sierra Nevada... 20
Hern Silver ....125 SmaJl Hopes 40
Iron Silver 7.1 Standard 3 25
Leadville Con ... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— United Fruit ...108
Call loans 4 (©5 Westlnghse com.. 106
Time loans 4%@5 Mining — ..
Bonds — Adventure ... ... 24
Atchison 4s ......102% Allouez 9
Gas lsts 04% (Amalgamated .... 00"%
Mexican Cen 4s... 81 I Daly West 44
N E Uan & Coke. 5i% Bingham ... . 37
Railroads — Calumet & He\Ha.5G3
Atchinon 70^ Centennial ..."..-.19%
Do pfd OSVi Copper Jtarige . . -58%
Boston & Albany. 2<il • Dominion Coal ". ..135%
Boston & Maine. W8 Franklin 11
Boston Elevated.. 1«3% Is'.e Royale ...".. 12%
FiWhburg pfd ... 145 Mohawk 42%
Union Pacific ...104Vi Old Dominion ... 20%
Mexican Centra).. 26% Oseeola 62
¦ Miscellaneous — Parrot 10
American Sugar.. 12S% Quincy ... .:.... 130
Do pfd 11S% Santa F£ Copper.. 1%
Amer Tel & Tel. 17fl% Tamarack ... ...170
Dom Iron & EteeL 155 Trinity 13^
General Electric. 314 t'tsh ..21%
Maes Electric*. 43% Victoria 4«i
N E Gas & Coke. 4 Winona ... .... k ". 8
U S Steel 40 , Wolverine \ r.r.
Do pfd 90 . ' United Copper . A 30%
New 'York -Money Market. • '
NEW TORK, May 2C.— Money on rail was
Etcady at 2&©3M j per 'cent; closing bid and
asked at 2%!^3 "per cent; prime mercantile
peper, .4%0T» per .cent. .' Sterling exchange was
steady, with actual- business in bankers' bills'
at $4 87 for demand .and at $4 84% for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 S5%#4 bS; commercial
bills. $4 83%S4 84%. Bar silver. 51%c; Mexi
can dollars. 41%c. Bonds — Government, steady;
States, inactive; railroads. Irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 20. — The Commercial
Advertiser's. London financial cablegram says:
The volume of business was much increased,
the public patronizing Kaffirs and home .rails
freely, regarding peace as assured,- and to-mor
row's announcement by the Cabinet Council
final. The advance In Kaf firs was checked by
French *a!e8 ens an apprehension that the Ds
Beers dividend will be only 10s. Consols
closed at 00.7-16, at one time, having sold xtt
00 0-10. The New South Wales loan announced
last Friday was covered nine-fold. The prem
ium i* T per cent. ¦ ' r '"•-..
Interest in' the- American department U at a
low ebb.' Prices . dwindled. The account was
rather larger than lately; because New York
has been carrying etocks here.. The general
contanjo was 5%. Canadian Pacific was buoy
ant on rumored land eales and a chipping com
bination. • "¦ ">'¦¦¦*¦• <*
Gold to the amount of £49,000 has been
bought:' Paris exchange is 25.21%; Berlin,
Bear covering* in silver has ceased. '
Condition of the Treasury.
' 'WASHINGTON. May 20.— To-day's Treas
ury statement rhows: Available cash balance.
fi<jO,C21,W2; gold. 104^503,003.
Eastern .Livestock Market.
. '.*•:' CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, May 20.^-Cattle — Receipts, 2600,
1CQQ Texans. Market 10@16c lower-
Net much doing In evaporated apples but
the tone Is firm, with offerings light. State,
common to good, 7@O%c; prlmei 9%@10c;
choice, 10i4@10Vac; fancy, 10%@llc. Prunes
are firmly held and In- brisk • jobbing and -ex
port demand for large sized new Santa Clara
fruit- Old fruit dull and irregular. Apricots
and peaches remain steady in tone and have
a fair movement in a jobbing way. Prunes
•*%<g«%c. Apricots — Boxes, 10%@14c; bags
10V4@12c. Peaches— Peeled. 14@10c; unpeeled
8U&llc.. ¦ -
DRIED FRUITS
- COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady: No. 7 invoice,
6%c; mild, quiet: Cordova, 8©ll%c "Futures
market closed steady, net unchanged to 5
points higher; total sales were 48,000 bags, in
cluding June, $5 05<g5 10; July |5 15; Sep
tember, |5 35©,5 40; October, |5 40@5 45; De
cember, ?5 55(g>5 60; January, $5 65@5 70-
March. f5 S0®5 S5; April, $5 85.
WOOI>— Steady.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 2%^;
centrifugal, 9tf test, 3 7-16c; molasses sugar,
2 ll-16c; refined, steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 285,000 bushels: exports.
08,100 bushels; spot, firm; No. 2 red, 87%e
elevator: No. 2 red, 83%c f. o. b. afloat. Wheat
wa s firm all day, except for. a . brief decline at
the opening, due to unsatisfactory cables and
large world's shipments. Near months • werj
especially strong on light supplies, speculative
Offerings were small all day. Indicating an
oversold market, and the visible showed a big
decrease. The close was firm at V^@lc «*>et
advance. May closed H0\ic. July Id 1-16®
<»3-lttc, closed 7»%c; September 77%@78Vic.
closed 78&c; December 78V(,<g>79%e, closed
<U%c. 1
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm. \ •
NEW YORK. May 26.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21,420 barrels; exports, 11,860. barrels; steady
and active. ¦ .>
• Business was very dult In all classes of
stocks on the_. morning cessions, and there was
j no change In quotations beyond a decline In
I Giant Powder at $73®72 75.
I ¦> -In tho afternoon there was a further slump
In Giant Powder to $70.
j The Oil Exchange has not yet decided
; whether to adjourn on Saturday, tho 31st, but
will vote upon the matter.
.The San Joaqutn Oil and Development div
idend of 5c . per sliare, amounting to $5000,
was paid yesterday.
The Arctic Oil Works announces, In a circu
lar just issued that the business has been sold
to the Standard Oil Company. .. i
The Anaheim Union Water Company has lev
ied an assessment of $1 p«r share, payabln
June 21/ for improvements.
Th* Sierra Nevada Mining Company has
levied an assessment of 10 cents per share.
The following quotations for the United
Railroads of San Francisco were received yea- |
terday from New York by Bolton. De Ruyter
& Co.: Common stock, $25 :57*£ ©25 50; pre
ferred, $63 25@C3 50; 4 per cent bonds. $31®
92; subscriptions. J1O3 12%@1O3 50.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
'MONDAY. May 26— 2 p. m. s
"united states bonds.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.'
Js qr reg 110%lUVi 4s qrcp(new)13t>y*137%
4s qr coup..H0%lllVi 4s qr coup. .107%108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 6s. 91% — i Oceanic S Ss — 99%
Bay CPC 5s.l08%108% Omnibus 6s.. — 130
C C G&E 5S.105V4106 iPac G Im 4s. — 100
Cal-st 5s ...119 — Pk & C H 6s — 110
C Costa 5s.. — 111% Pk & O P. 6s — 125
Ed L & P Cs — — Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Fer&C H 6a — 123 Sac EGR 5s.l01%101!4
Geary-st 5s.. — — SF & SJV5s.l21% — !
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6sll2 116%
Do 5s .... 97% — S P of A 6s
jj Ang.R 5s'.118%110% (1900) 118%114
2 A I.. Co Cs. 103 105 (1910) 114%115}i
Do gtd 6s. — . — . S P of C 6s
Do gtd. 5s. — — (1906)Sr A.106%107%
L A & P 5s.lO4 — (1905)8r B. — —
Do lem 5s. 103 — (1906) 110 —
Mkt-st C 6s. — . 120 (1912) ....120% —
Do lem 5sl20% — S P of C 1st
N R of C 6s. — — c gntd. Cs. — —
Do 5s. 121 — Do stmpd.109%110%
N Pac C 5s.lO9% — 8P Br Cal 6sl39J4140
NCR 5s... 114% — S V Wat 6s; — —
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Dd 4s 2dm.l01% —
Oak Trn 6s.. 124% — Do 4s 3dm.lO2 102%
Do 1st c5s.H3% — Etkn G&E6S.102 104
Oak W G 5s.l03%104«4
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 76% 77 % Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co ... 69 — • Spring Val. . — —
GAS AND ELECTRIC. •
Cent L & P. 2% — IPac L Co... 48 50
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 37% —
Mutual 4 6 S F G & E. 44% 45 "
O G L & H. — — S F G L Co. 5% 5%
Pac G Imp.. 39 — Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 . — {
< • .. BANKS. : '
Am B & T..110 — First Nationl — —
Anslo-Cal .. — 90% L P & A.--.168 170
Bank of Cal. 425 429 • iMer Ex (llq) 23 . —
Cal Safe Dp. 121% .— *' '8 F Nationl. 140 —
:-¦'¦ . '.-:. SAVINGS-BANKS.-- - "; . '.
German ...1990 — -]Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — ¦'¦ — I Security Sav.340 39O
Mutual Sav. SO- 86 Union Trst. 1830 —
8 F Sav U..625 • — I
. STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 I Market ..... 99% 101
Geary — — '.Presidio 39% —
POWDER.
Giant 70 71 /Vigorit ..... 3% 4
. ' SUGAR. .
Hana 3% 4% Kilauea .... — .9%
Hawaiian ".. - 37% Makawell .. 23% - ,
Honokaa ... 11% 12 Onomea .... 24 25
Eblnson. 13 13% Paauhau .... 12% 12%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.159% 160 Pac A F A. 2% —
ttl F«U As! - 102% Pac C Borx.165 -
Cal Wine As.100% — Par Paint ..26 —
Oceanic S Co 27 32%
Morning Session. .
1 Board — ¦ __ „
20 Giant Powder Con 73 00
5 Giant Powder Con 72 75
• 25 Oakland Gas 63 50
$3000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) X02 00
$7000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mtge) .102 00
$20,000 U S 4s' coup (old). 110 75
I " Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 Cal Wine Assn ..100 62%
275 Cal Wine Assn 100 75
5 Contra Costa Water 77 00
; 15 Giant Powder Con 70 00
5 Oakland Gas ... 63 00
150 Pacific Gas Imp 39 00
10 S F -Gas & Electric Co 44 25
20 Spring Valley Water 90 62%
20 Spring Valley Water /......, 00 50
$2000 Northern Ry. of. Cal 5s... .......121 00 ..
$0000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE. .
Morning Session.
Board —
• CO Kern ...'. 4 95
100 Occidental of W.Va 20
100 Sovereign . 85
100 Sterling ....;;... ;.....:... 1 82%
Afternoon Session.' :
Board — •,'•"¦.'
! 50 Imperial 16 00
1000 Junction, b CO -. ; , • • 25 .
100 Monte Cristfl. : b -15 1 33
100 Occidental of W Va, v 19
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on the San
FranclecQ Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: ¦ . - . -
Morn ins Session.'
: 809 Best & Belch. 21 500 Overman .... 24
200 Caledonia ... '73 600 Potosi ....... 35
300 Caledonia ... 74 SCO Potosi ...;... 34
450 Con Cal £ V.I 45 500 Savage 14
100 C C & V b 30.1 45 200 Seg Belcher.. 03
200 Hale & Nor. . 22 7CO Silver Hill. ... 43
700 Mexican .....55 ICO Union Con .. 25
200 Ophir ...1.40 .100 Union Con... 2G
Afternoon' Session.
300 Belcher ...... 07 1 4C0 Potosi 05
600 Caledonia .... 72 300' Sec Belchec, 03
200 Chollar 18 300 Sierra Nevada 21
.600 Con Cal & V.I 40 600 Union Con... 23
500 Hale & Nor.. 21 3C0 Yellow Jacket 20
tiOO Ophir .......135 . , .;
¦ The following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock ExchancB yesterday: . .-• ¦
Morning Session.-' »
COO Belcher 00 500 Mexican 65
200 Best & Belch. 21 100 Ophir 1 42VS
200 Caledonia .... 72 800 Potosi 35
800 Con Cal & V.I 45 200 Savage ....... 15
100 Con C & V.I 42% 100 Sierra Nevada 22
, 500 Con New Yrk 01 100 Sierra Nevada 21
! 200 Hale & Nor... 22 :
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 21 1 200 Ophir 1 37%
"' 300 Chollar 18 ! 100 Ophir 135
ICO Con Cal" & V.I 40 400 Potosi ........ 30
'.200 Gould & Cury 12 [200 Sierra Nevada .21
100 Hale & Nor. . 21 1 : vj;
CLOSING QUOTATIONS. .
, " MONDAY, May 26 — t p. v m.
.-" */\vA' - •' Did. Ask. • ' Bid; Aslc.
Alpha ¦' 02 injustice O4 0U
Alta. :.'.. 07 10 Kentuck 01 02
Andes ....... 03 0.} Lady Wash. .. — 04
Belcher 06 07 Mexican 53 54
Best & Belch. 21 23 Occidental ... 22 23
Bullion" . . . .... 02 03 Ophir ...... .1 35 1 40
Caledonia ...' 71 -72 Overman^>,..\ 24- 25
Challenge Con 10 18"|PotosI 35 38
Chollar .......'- 17.1: 18 1 Savage 15 16
Confidence ... CO 64 1 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 40 1 45 Seg Belcher.. 02 '04
Con Imperial. — • 02 [Sierra Nevada 20 22
Con New Yrk — - 02 Bilver Hill ... 41 43.
Crown Point. 00- 08 St. Louis' ..'." 04 - v — "
Eureka Con . 18 — Syndicate — - 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con ... 25 28
Gould & Cury 12/ 11 Utah . 01 «i
Hale & Nor.. 21 22 Yellow Jacket 20 21
Julia — 04| .¦•--.-.: '.¦¦
KEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
r\ / ¦ ' \ ' MONDAY,, MAY 26./ "•
'.City and County of San Francisco to Mat
thew Smith, lot on./N line . of: McAllister
street. 55 E of Gough, S 27:6 by S 120; .
Owen Maguire to Charles S. Macuire, lot
New York Grain and Produce. |
STOCK MARKET.
Silver a fraction lower. Exchange unchanged. , *
Wheat futures weaker. Shipping Wheat unchanged.
Barley quiet, but steady. Corn firm and dull, r'
Oats selling briskly. Rye neglected. -.'...- ££ . '.
Hay, Bran and Middlings as previously qiwtcdy
Beans inactive at unchanged quotations.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Dried Fruit market cleaned up and nominal.
Proznsions still dull, here and in the West.
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs in sufficient supply.
Potatoes and Onions weak, with large offerings.
Summer Vegetables in moderate receipt and firm.
Poultry and Game dull and unchanged.
fancy Oranges scarce. Deciduous Fruits in good demand.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Gocd to. prime steers, $707 00; poor to me
dium, $4 U0@0 75; stockers and feeders, $2 50@
4 .5; cow», $1 50@6; heifers, $2 50@G 25}-can
"'P' ?1 50<fj2 50; bulls, $2 G0&5 60: calves;. $2
©(> <5; Texas fed steers, $5 65©6 50. : -
««r™PT Recelpts ' to -ilay. 40. W0; to-morrow.
j-.OOO; left over. 7500. Market slow, 10@15c"
; cwe /- t Mixed- and butchers. ?GS0@7 10; good
to choice heavy, $7@7 15 ; rough heavy, $6 80®
7*05 6 °® U 80: ' buIk of -sales. $6 SOQ>
Sheep— Receipu, IS. 000. Market steady to
strong Lambs steady to 25o higher. Good
£U c ., ho i? e we thers, $4 50@G 30; fair to choice,
i '®v 20 »V w Wtern wethers, $5 25@0 30; native
jambs. S5@C 75; clippeil Western lambs, $2 25@
O io; spring lembs, $7 40@7 55.
• ¦".--*>'¦ ' st; Joseph.
? T - , JOSEPH. . Mo.. May 26.—Cattle—Re
ceipts. : 1000.~- Steady. Natives, . ?5 35@7 40;
cows and heifers. ?5 40@6 CO; veals, S3 75<S6 50;
etockers. and feeders, ?2 25@5 25.
Hogs— Receipts,. 3500. Weak, 10c lower."
Light and light mixed. $(! S5®7 12%; medium
and heavy, $« 30@7 30; pies, $4@0.
Sheep— Receipts. 1200. Steady to 10c higher.
?4 e -i5- r i?«L ainbs ' *« 50@7 35; Western sheep,
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
foundry Southern. $18 80<g>19 50; No. 1 foundry*
Southern, soft. $18 50®19 50. - r
Foreign metal markets were higher. Glas
gow closed.at 54s and MIddlesboro at:40s Sd.
California'FriiitSaks;.' y- ,
'','•;. .''.'¦ '.-.','. ¦ '____' ¦ ' \, - '::'•¦':
- r NEW'YORK, May 26.— The Earl Fruit Cora-'
pany'e sales of California carload shipments of
cherries to-day at auction are as_ follows:- .Ad
vance, boxes, _C5c@$2 S7 J /£., average >$1 35;
Chapman, boxes, §1 20©5 15, average .$2 04;
Purple Guigne, 53c@$r.95, average $1 22; Mau
brey, average $3*25; Rockford, average, $1 25 ;',
Black Tartarians,, ?1 C5@2 00, average $2 01.
Express shipments— Black Tartarlans, average
$5. : One car sold - to-day. Weather dry . and
favorable. ¦' ¦ . ¦':.•- - .-.:.
I CHICAGO. Hay 2C— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of California carload shipments ' of
cherries to-day at auction, were a» follow*:
Black Tartarians, ?1"CO®1 05, average $187;
Chapman, $1@1 75, average ?1 .'II;- Purple.
Guigne, 55c@$l 05, average ?l 80; Rockfora,
average 85c; Governor Wood* . average §150.
One car sold to-day. :Fav6rable weathei-/ u .
London Wool Sales.
LONDON.'May 2C— -The - offerings at the
wool-auction sales to-4ay numbered 14,113
bale's. • Competition was keen and prices were
firm. Good scqureds. sold, freely. Merinos were
in' strong' demand, Cross-breds sold 'well a
few going to America. ,
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May ~2C— Consols;? ;«8J£ ; silver,
24d; French rentes/ 4 *] 01 f 22^2 c; wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet, and steady;: No. 1 standard
California, 30s 10».id; English country markets,
part 6d dearer; imports wheat into United
Kingdom, 427,000; imports Hour into United
Kingdom, 207,C00; wheat and flour on passage
to United Kingdom, 4,210,000; wheat and flour
on passage to United Kingdom, 1,520,000; hops
PaclfloCoast firm, £4#5. . ¦
LIVERPOOL. May 2(!.—Wheat, easy; Xo. 1
standard » California, 6s 5%d@6s 6d; wheat -in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet"; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, fine'
and warm; cotton, uplands, 5^d.
' Northern Wheat Market. l '
, • ' OREGON. ' '
PORTLAND, May 20.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 66c .; bluestem, G7c.
•: '.. WASHINGTON. - . • ' -
TACOMA, ' May 2O.-^WHEAT— Bluestem
CCHc; club, 65M;C. ' ' '
- Northern Business.
¦ TACOMA; May 26. — Clearings,: $225,769- bal
ances, $01,012. '•¦•-
SPOKANE, May 26. —Clearings, $252,596; bal
ances, $U1,8U2. ! ..... ;¦ . . , . -
SEATTLE, May 26. — Clearings, $500,233; bal
ances, $33,236.
PORTLAND. May 26.— Clearings, $468,021
balances, 868,616. . ¦ ¦ ¦• . • ¦ '•
cases, 21c: S6-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c: in
cases. 26&e.
I TURPENTINE— (fflo per Ballon In cases and
| 63c in -drums and Iron barrels '
, SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
j pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes, A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4. We; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none:
Confectioners* A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
.Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.G5c; "D,"' 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bags. . 10c more for all
j kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes.
5c Der lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or it* equivalent
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, MAY 26.
1 Flour, qr sks... 18.3C1! Straw, tons ... 16
, Wheat, ctls .... 1.4OQ Shorts, sks 200
I Barley, ctls ...'. 24,080, Screenings, sks. 100
Oata. - ctls , 90. Leather, rolls . . 87
Beans, sks ..... 5l| Hides. No...... 453
j Corn, ctls 3,070, Pelts, bdls 239
Potatoes, sks .. 1,400. Lime, bbls 273
[Onions, sks ... 723 Wine, gals 78,050
! Wool, bales 245, Tallow, ctls ... 292
: Bran, sks 1,175, Chicory, bbls .. 20
I Middlings, • sks.. 570. Quicksilver,, flks 30
| Hay. tons 6201 . .
i OREGON. .
! Flour, qr sks.:. 0,6.% Middlings, sks.. 1.0OO
i Potatoes, sks .. 1,340 Shorts, sks 1,250
THE SAN vFBANGISCO CAL,L, TUESDAY, MAY 27, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
11
Articles — ' Open. High. " ! Low
Wheat No. 2 — '
Mar 73% 74% ' 73%
July 73% 74 73%
September .. 72*. 72% 72%
Df-cember ... 73% 74ft 73% .
- Corn No, 2— -
May 61% 62% 61%
July C2% O3VV 62%
September . . C0% 60% 60
Oats No. 2—
May 43 43% 42%-
July told) .. ' 35% 35% :«%
July (new) .. -•!"% 37% 37%
S*pt. (old) .. 29% 29% 29
Sept. (new . 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per barrel — ¦ •
July 17 00 17 02% 16 90
September ..17 10 17 15 17 05 j
I-arrt, per 100 pounds —
July 10 15- 10 15 V 10 10
September ..10 17% 10 17% 10 12%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
July ft 57% 9 «0 9 57%
September . . 0 CO 0 62% 0 55
Close.
74
-73%
72%
74
62%
¦ 60%
43
3f.%
37%
' 29%
30%
16 97%
17 12%
10 12%
10 15
9 55
0 57%
ETATI0X3L
c
I
a
n
H
K 5
S3 33
c c
3 3
s-3
B
If
r
1
?
e
D
...29
...30
...29
...IS)
tda.l-J
ce 2*J
!8..30
1.8S
1.02
l.M
1. OS
1.82
1.82
LbS
I.U4
70
86
M.I
uo
«0
84
86
80
r>4
50
48
52
60
»4
41
54
54
NW
W
w
xvr
¦ N '
N
6W
Clear
Clear
Clear
Cloudy
Clear
Clear-
Pt C!dy
Pt Cldy
Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
T.
.00
.00
.04
.00
\^geic;
hoeni
art !« 1
...29
t.78
).T8
88
¦.mi
CO
«'J
W
s
Clear
Clear
.00
.00
. . . . ~j
Jluffi.
urg . .
mento
.
'rancis
ObiEp(
>iego. .
e
'. . '. .29
sco.SU
>o..:>jo.
...30.
23
).8S
'-S4
».O4
(.74
I. OS
1.12
1.06
>.82
8S
0
82
CO
52
Si
50
52
48
5*.
54
SE
N
S
N\V
sw
w
w
N
Clear
Clear
Clear
Cloudy
Cloudy
Cloudy
Pt Cldy
Clear
.00
.00
T.
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
TO
\v
Yu
...2a
29
a.. 2»
a .29
...29
I. Ill
>.ss
).S2
>.S2
64
«0
80
84
112
50
4S
56
G2-
OO
X
w
X
N
sw
Clear
Pt Cldy
Clear
Clear .
Clear
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
fe fe>
THIS DAY, TUESDAY.
. May 27th, at 11 a. m.,
1 will sell i ¦
FIFTY FINE HORSES,
Weighing from 10CO to 1300. sired by Almonl-
tion (2:24%), Bay Rose (2:20%). Beau Brum-
mel (2:1«'a) and Alonzo Hay ward (2:30), out
of choice Trotting; Marea. They were bred at
the AUsal and San Marcos ranches. Santa Bar-
bara, and include many fine drivers, as well
as well-matched teams. AH of these were
raised in the mountains and have the best of
constitutions. Just the kind that will not
wear out. Send for catalogue.
The attention of liverymen and all who use
horses in business Is called to these well-bred
horses. A smoother lot of better formed onea
has not been offered In years.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE
• WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer, 248 Third «C
£& ¦ £* £a>
Auction Sale
Of tfie Season at H40 Folsora St.
THIS DAY, (it,
TUESDA Y, MA Y 27,
11 a. m., I will sell the entire contents of the
San Francisco Horsa and Buggy Exchange,
consisting of all styles of camp, express, ped-
dling and grocery wagons, carts, rubber tire,
top and business buggies of all styles, and over
fifty sets of single and double harness. 20 cheap
horses, suitable for camping and peddling; also
two carloads of the best all-purpose horse* that
ever were offered at auction; all sound and gen*
tie, eo don't miss this sale; one chance la a
lifetime to ret Just what you are locking lor
Jot a little money.XHE SAN FRANCISCO CALi, TUESDAY; MAY 27, 1902.
12
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BCERCKSS OFFICE or The San Francisco
Call, corner of Merket and Third streets ; open
cntll 12 o'clock every night ln the, year.
BRANCH OFFICES-^27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; oyen until % 9:30 p. m.
200 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
Co9 McAllirter street; open until 9:30 p. ta.
CIS Larkin street; open until 9:50 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
i2bl Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
loitil 0 p. m.
1C6 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1C9G Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Ncrthwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
lucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
C200 Fillmore street : open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., j[iV
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- /i
ING, May 27. at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. C2t
degree. By order of the H. P. V*
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. & A. n
M —Called meeting THIS (TUES- ,1V.
DAY) EVENING at 7:">0 o'clock. D. l£3?
3 By order of the W. M. ' v
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A. M.. m
121 Eddy st.. meets THIS EVENING. _*\^
7:.jii o"clock. :; D. TtX
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec /V 1
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. & A. M.. •
—Third degree THIS (TUESDAY) _/\_
EVENING, at 7:;><> o'clock. &/
A. S. HUBBARD. Secy. /V '
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. & A. M. — m
Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _*%_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second 7i^\
degree. R. E. ALLAN. Secretary. /
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F..
meets THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- ¦aSsSSz
ING, May 27. 1902. at Sixteenth
end Valencia sts. First degree *'''¦>
will be conferred by the degree team of Pa-
cifiic Lodge No. 155. All brothers in good
standing are invited. %
A. S. CRONK, N. G.
RICHARD A. WELCH. Rec. Sec. '
PARKER Lodge No. 124. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (TUESDAY)
* c - F - JOCOBSOX - N ~- G -
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P.. Zj*.
will confer the KNIGHT RANK 3. j&
(long form) WEDNESDAY. May 28, *^CVK*
19C2, at Pythian Castle. SKC% Mar-
ket street, at 8:30 p. m. Members of sister
lodges cordially invited.
M. J. BROPHY, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
ANCIENT Order of Foresters and Com- >m_yi**
panions of the Forest will hold their
2Sth annual picnic at California JM"\
Schuetzen Park on FRIDAY, May 30, CL_>
:!"!.¦; valuable gate and game prizes; adult's
ticket, round trip, including admission to
park. 50c; children under 12 years, 25c; boats
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Market St., 9
and 11 a. m. and 12:35 and 3:30 p. m.
S. J. SEVERANCE, President.
M. BOEHM. Secretary.
FIFTEENTH annual picnic of j^-<f4p?
Sons of St. George will be &y/\t£i \-r^
held May .JO, 1902, at Glen- -^VA-^X «K^
wood Park, Santa Cruz •frf'^2i^r!l5^
Mountains. Leave ferry VrN-K^ftifT
7:4.". rr.u n:4."> r>. m. Tick- \ vi^SsU^-t
ets. adults, $1, children 50 t tg^jg^^y
cents.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its . <rr $.
thirty-sixth Rrand annual Bather- CJV, UUJ
ing -"d tames at Shell Mound 1 "?iMfcl*
Park. FRIDAY. May 30. 1902. The t*3»
most renowned athletes from the East and
Pacifi* Coan will compete. Prizes amount-
ir.< to over $3000 will be distributed. In ad-
dition to the above, a gold medal, valued at
$250. wi!l be awarded to the best player oa
the- bagpipes of Scotch national airs, con-
sitting of pibrochs, marches, Etrathspeys and
reels. Highland dancing on platform by
lade and lassies in costume. Over 40 exciting
events on tl.e programme! Get one. Full
band for pavilions. Dancing until 8 p. m. A
Scotch welcome extended to all. Buy round
trip tickets to Shell Mound Park. Admission
to grounds, adults, 50c; children. 25c.
A. M. MacPHERSON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May,
V.tvz. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to j
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac- j
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
en Friday, May 16. 1!Ki2, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Office. 327 Market Et.. San Francisco. Cal.
The above meeting has been postponed
until Monday, June 2. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sac.
AGEXTS WAXTED.
IF you are not makir.fr $10 a dav. write at I
nrsiVKSSiTHAJVCJES'-— ConflnneA^^
A — BAKERY In Western Addition; laree store
and wason trade; selling on account of • sick-
ness • • • Country peddling outfit will be
Bold for Its actual worth; owner retiring;
fine opportunity. • • • Restaurant on Six-
teenth st.; owner going north; a bargain;
cheap rent. • • ? For particulars call on
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market ft.
MECHANICS' boarrtinK-house in manufactur-
ing district; full of boarders; cheap rent;
price $:>O0. Eltei & Carroll. 1032 Market St.
AN old-established real estate office for sale
cheap on account of sickness; price $200; a
snap. Coast Real Estate Co., 7S31a Market.
GOOD growing paper route for sale cheap. Ap-
ply 1744 Hyde st.
WANTED— Sec. and treas. for a large mfg Co.
in this city; must be able to take $1000 to
$2000 in stock, which will be taken up at
expiration of term. Address Mfg.. box 47o.
Call otflce.
FOR sale — Good paying saloon, account other
business. Address box 504. Call office.
CANDY 6tore and factory; good opportunity;
good reason for selling. Apply 1428 Dupont.
A GOOD plumbing business; a good chance to
the right party. • Inquire Emma Spreckels
building, room 007, M. H. RODMAN. •__
FOR sale — A country tailoring establishment.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter at.
1X000 — PARTNER in manufacturing business,
wholesale and retail; purpose, to enlarge fac-
tory; no agents. For particulars, box 505,
Call office. __^^__
$10 — THE investment of ten dollars will secure
an ample income. For particulars address
Bona Fide, box 47S. Call office.
Store with large basement, below Kearny. suit-
able for bowling, games; lease. C36 Clay. r. 1.
ROUTE in Western Addition: building up dls-
trlct; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
8 ROOMS; $25 cash, balance monthly.... $200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms: just listed %}
12 rooms; snap 4ao
15 rooms; owner sick; must sell 1 i?}r
10 rooms; comer: bargain 750
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100... l.iOO
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
50 rooms; rent $150; clears $450 4200
40 rooms; $1000 cash, balance monthly. 2200
CALL: WE HAVE MANY OTHERS.
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming houses or busi-
ness "to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains «in hotels, lodging-
houses, flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts
of city.
Money loaned, 1VS per cent.
MITCHELL &. HORNLEIN. 1206 Market «t.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; tunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown: good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 800
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
SCO Market at. — (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers ln rooming-houses, hotels.
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Lean Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease..
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500
300 rooms ; corner house ; for men 5O00
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain Too
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st. •
BUY your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
10 rooms; clears $40 $o00
11 rooms; clears $30 $350
8 rooms; clears $30 $300
And other bargains. 812 Howard st.
FIXE, bay-window corner house: 28 rooms;
good transient business: good furniture: earns
$150 monthly; will exchange for property;
price $5000.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MASON, st., 10 rooms. $700: 8 r.. $475; 22 r.,
$1400; Kearny St.. 18 r.. $1700; 21 r., $1400.
These are all good paying places: 70 more
houses, south and north, at all prices: we
tr"at all customers best and honest as possi-
ble. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
WE have a number of the most centrally lo-
cated and best-paying rooming-houses ln the
city for sale; if you want a bargain call and
see our list. TOMLINSON & CO., 105 Ellis
st. (Glasgow block), room 10. -
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market et. (upstairs), near Call building;
CliAIRVOVAXTS — ¦Contlnoed.'
&0c, 50c 326 — O'Farrell St. — 326 50c, 50c.
PROFESSOR PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered as well as the first
graduate palmist and clairvoyant . -
ever in San Francisco.
PAUL DESTINE is, beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing clairvoyant
j»nd palmist in the world to-day; extraordinary
clairvoyant power, combined with his superior
knowledge of occult forces, enables him to read
human deBtiny with unerring accuracy: his in-
formation and advice on marriages, divorce,
separations, love and family affairs, business
transactions, law suits, etc., are accurate and
truthful; he reunites the separated, settles
lovers' quarrels, causes speedy marriages; lo-
cates hidden treasures and mines by a new
method: advises you as to whether or not you
will be successful In mining or in business:
oftentimes, by good advice, he gives you back
your lost nerve and energy, no matter what
trouble you may have: call and he will help
you. Palmistry taught, mediumlstic persona
developed; 5 questions answered by mall, 50c.
326— O'FARRELL ST.— 326.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEAXIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to HPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lug works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
rilo. A. G. Kleinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market.bet.Sth&9th;tel.Howard 2012.
ADVANCE Carpet -cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2C3.
MODERN Co.; lowest rates for machine clean-
ing. Phone Mint 301. Office 923 Mission st.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTIOX OFFICES.
G^Eo7lG^^W ; r^K^LTY r S~Agency^-No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET. v
$16 — SUNNY cottage: 5 rooms; large basement;
yard. 137 Dolores St.. near Fifteenth.
EDUCATIO.VAL.
HEALD ; S TIbCHOOL OF^EL^CTRICAL^NGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ¦
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them 7
34 positions In March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
> ness College. 1236 Market st. •
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; Indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st. > -
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
echool for the university, law and medical
colleges: references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
at., for their new catalogue; It is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING^ — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
GOLDEN Gate Cora'l College. 630 Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; posit'n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;-
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
eitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. .
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class, $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell: phone Pine 433.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.-10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg: $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher AVest, desires pupils. Mme.
CaruEl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons, 50c lesson. 14S4 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
., EMPLOYMENT. WAXTED— MALE.'
YOUNG Englishman, 24. respectable, of good
habits, and very willing, wishes employment.
city or country. Address H., box 5i4. Call.
BAKER j wants position as second hand, or
could take charge of small shop; country
preferred. Box 571. Call office.
YOUNG man, 23. wishes position in grocery
- and bar; with reference; 4 -years experience.
Address 943 Willow St.. West Oakland. .
PRACTICAL gardene7~wlshes a situation; ref-
, erences. . Address PAUL SCHOOF, Baldwin
House, 30-32 Ellis st. ¦'
FIREMAN, steady and reliable, wants position
as fireman or oiler. 322 Fremont st.
AN honest reliable man desires work In private
family; can milk, take care or drive horses,
do garden work or lawn mowing. Address
_470J.<; Seventh St., room 20, Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by expert mechanical
draughtsman; 20 yrs.' experience In the East;
designing, building & perfecting machinery;
ln or out of city. R. M.. box 828, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established , at 1096
Valencia st. '¦ - __
FIXAXCIAL. " K
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed;. stock
¦ . and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
¦ sold: stock accepted for services. Send for
.Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
_ FLATS T -?- LET> -
$27 50 — NEW upper flat 8 rooms; 2 toilets;
latest Improvements: concrete basement. 130
Second ave.. near California st.
GOLDEN Gate ave., 975. opp. Jefferson Sq. — j
Upper sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and bath.
HAYES. 1737. near Park— Sunny lower flat, 3
rooms; large high basement; rent <J.l.
O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern flat. 6 sunny
rooms, bath, yard, basement: reasonable.
THREE sunny flats, 4 rooms; recently reno-
vated; $14. 714 Natoma St., near Ninth.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2829 Washington Bt. .
TWO nice new sunny flats. 1112-1114 Fell St.,
near Scott; north side street.
UNION, 1350 — Upper sunny flat of 7 rooms and
bath; beautiful view; rent. reasonable.\
UP to date brand new 6-room flats; fine marine
view; yard: basement. 2935-2937 Pierce st.
UPPER 4-room'flat and bath: no children; rent
$15. 336 Tehama st.
UPPER sunny modern flat 6 rooms and bath.
$25. 4159 Twentieth st.. near Castro.
WALLER, 220 — Sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath;
pleasant location; rent reduced. __,
2 FLATS of 4 large rooms, bath and laundry.
340 Liberty st. ¦ m
1518 BROADWAY, near Van Ness ave. — Upper
and lower flat; key at premises.
$26 50— NICE flat; 6 rooms and bath; choice
location. Ill Liberty st.. nr. Guerrero^
FLATS TO LET FURXISHED. _
ELEGANTLY furnished 8-room flat with bath
to responsible parties; no children. 4138
Twentieth St.. off Castro. •___
NICELY furnished flat of five rooms and bath,
with every convenience, from June 1. 204^
Ninth et. >
BEAUTIFULLY furnished modern flat. 5
rooms, bath; newly renovated. 1228 Treat
avenue. ' .
BEAUTIFULLY furnished sunny 7-room flat;
piano; garden. 2833 Washington st.
FURNISHED flat to let. 710 Mason St.; .5
rooms and bath.
FLATS FOR SALE FURXISHED.
FOR sale — Fine sunny furnished 7-room flat; no
agents. 355 Polk st.
FUKXITURE FOR SALE.
NEW & up-to-date furniture & carpets of an
8-room modern sunny flat near Van Ne3s
ave., on Eddy st. ; rare chance. Box 403, Call.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
BARGAIN — 2 good bicycles, high gear; also
rooming-house, 6 rms., all rented. 874 Howard.
FURXITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pays highest
•price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
NO EXPERIENCE ; NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.: MR. DAVIS. - '
GOOD hands on vests, who understand but-
tonholes; good wages. 041% Stevenson st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
NEAT girl for downstairs work; must be a good
' cook; kooU wages. 1180 O'l'arrell st. ¦
WAITRESS In small restaurant, $0 a week and
room; half day . Sunday. 2585 Market st.
YOUNG girl take care baby, help light house-
work; wages $8 to $10. 3703 Twenty-sixth.
WOMAN to keep house; 2 grown people, boy
6; excellent home for right party; city refer-
ence. Box 400, Call office. : ... ¦
Halrdresslng, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, halrwork; splendid position in stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 1236 Market, r. 9*.
WANTED— An apprentice for dressmaking;
paid while learning. 1111 Van Ness ave.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Saleslady. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'-.
WANTED — Experienced shlrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109U
Valencia at.
HELP WAX TED MALE. ~
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
, AGENCY.
69 3d at.; near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 405.
....Teamsters and laborers tor railroad....
..Office fee $1 -'.
To all points in Nevada
Free fare Free fare
......Office fee $1; no other expenses
1 R. R. men for Mendocino County...........
Big sawmill
eorailroad laborers. ..$26 per month & board
1- sawmill and woodsmen.
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY FARE ADVANCED
Machinist, sawmill... $45 per month & board
FOR LUMBER WOODS
2 barkers $40 per month and board
2 crosscutters .$40 per month and board
2 chaintenders $40 per month and board
2 Jackscrewers $40 per month and board
2 head tree fellers.. $50 per month and board
6 swampers $35 per month and board
FOR SAWMILL
\2 head setters $3 per day
10 lumber pliers $40 per month and board
10 men to grade on skid read... $35 mo. & bd
5 carpenters' helpers $2 per day
5 carpenters $4 per day; fare paid
6 haymakers $1 25 per day and board
10 fruit pickers $1 per day and board
10 laborers and teamsters, city $2 per day
4 men for smelter $72 per month
Night clerk for lodging-house. .$1* day & room
Dishwasher, camp $25 per month
CAL. EMP. AGENCY 59 Third St.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay.
Phone Main 1191.
400 teamsters, concrete men, rockmen, steam
shovel dumpers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
' FREE FARE TO-DAY.
To all parts of Nevada and Salt Lake Dlv.
. Ship direct: fee $1.
200 railroad men; S. P. Co. and Santa Fe.
80 boys to learn trades $4, $9 per week
6 carbullders .$3 per daj '
' 5 cabinet-makers $3 per day
4 shoemakers; country $2 per day
7 laborers; mine $2 per day
5 carmen; north $2 per day
3'miners; south $2 50 per day
25 quarrymen $2 per day
4 waiters; country restaurant $30 month
Cooks, waiters, etc., clty.$10 to $40 per month
1 cook; summer resort $70
5 tleswamperB; Mendoclno Co.. $35 and found
1 tteslder; Mendocino Co $40 and found
. 10 tlemakers;'. Mendoclno County... Top price
16 farm hands $1 25 and found
4 boys for drugstore $5 week
1 apprentice boy for optician
1 blacksmith^ helper; city $2
17 laborers and miners: San Benlto County...
$2 and $2 50 per day
1 coachman $25 and found
1 bill boy $27
12 shoveiers $1 25 and found
30 tanbark peelers $50
1 milker $35 and found
Many other positions. Call and see bulletin.
40 HOTEL cooks, country. $40 and $50; board-
ing-house cooks, $40; second cook, $35; cook
and wife, country hotel, $45; hotel waiters,
country; restaurant waiters; dishwasher, $30;
vegetablemen, bell boys, elevator boys and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C28 Sac-
ramento st.
HELP WAXTED— MALE— Com.
A— MURRAY & READY;... Phone Main 5848
....... ... 634-636 Clay St
.-¦ ..leading Employment and Labor Agents..
." .'. Office Open 7 a. m
To Nevada ....Free Fare "....State Nevada
.... SHIP R. R. MEN TO-DAY
To Reno, to Wadsworth, to Elko. to Iron
Point, to Dltha. to Vista, to the Salt Lake
division. Moleen. Rokeby, and all points in
. Novada >......
: 350 teamsters free. $2 25 to $2 50 day
175 rockmen, fare ..$*J 23 to $2 50 day
375 laborers. Nevada $2 25 and S2 <l*y
5 stonemasons for Nevada. R. R. work; free
fare $4 day
Car dumpers, free 52 to $2 50 day
1C0 drillers, fare, Nevada $2 50 day
....SANTA FE RAILROAD CO. WORK
Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfleld, etc
150 men for the Santa Fe system, different
gangs. $1 75 day. free fare, ship daily
...FARE IS PAID TO 114 DIFFERENT...
SAWMILLS
•:::::::;:: ::::::. w ™™ ::::::."
Locomotive engineer, sawmill ?^2
Fireman, sawmill * 6 '«£!
Screw setter, sawmill *°°
3 more carpenters, sawmill company. .$75 fa
479 men to work in sawmills. wood3 and
yards, piling lumber, running machines and
making themselves generally useful; wages
$35, $30 $50. $40 and found; no experience
reeded; you'll suit FARE PAID
3 barkers, $35 & fd; 3 crosscut sawyers....
$3a f d
4 lumber graders, $75 ; see boss here •
10 lumDer pliers, north..... .$40 and found
CHEAP FARES
20 men to pile lumber. Humboldt County;
15 laborers to work ln woods. Humboldt
Ccunty *40 founl
MECHANICAL HELP
Engineer, locomotive; see boss here. .$3 day
Fireman, country; see boss here $2 25 day
5 stonemasons. R. R. work, free fare.. $120
5 carpenters, company work $90
Blacksmith for a mine, north $90
Korceshoer. country shop $2 50 to $3 day
10 blacksmiths $3 to $3 50
10 carpenters for big sawmill company....
$75 and found
Blacksmith, sawmill CO.. $45 and found;
blacksmith, county shop. $75; blacksmith,
country, $52 and found; ranch blacksmith.
$50 and found; blacksmith, country shop:
cooper, see boss here. $40 and found; car-
riage painter, sticker hand, $3 50 day; 2
brick molders. mine. $75.
Blacksmith for mine $70 fd
5 miners, north $70 fd
Gold Silver
QUARRIES
18 miners, gold quartz mine, $2 75 day; 5
miners, shaft work. 8 hours, $3 day; 3 min-
ers, good mine. $75; 4 miners, north, $82 50;
25 muckers, good mine, $75; 20«laborers for
different mines, $30 to $42 and found; 25
quarry men, $2 25; 15 laborers, $00
LABORERS
Factories, and others
5 laborers, city factory $2 day
10 laborers brickyard, no experience required
$30 fd
6 laborers: 10 laborers, manufacturing co.,
$2 day; city factory. $1 50. $1 75 day: 15 la-
borers, city. $42 and found; 6 laborers, board
home, $2 day: 25 laborers, 12 miles from S.
F., $60. free fare; 10 laborers, near city, free
fare. $42 and found.
FARMS
Haymakers .Fruit Pickers
10 men to run mowers. $40 and found; 15
haymakers. $150 day. and 127 haymakers,
all counties. $125 day and found, hay balers;
157 farmers for steady Jobs on fruit farms
and vineyards; 75 milkers, butter maker3 and
cheese makers.
FRUIT PICKERS.
25 men and boys to work ln fruit and veg-
etables; pick, thin and pack; no experience
required; wages, men $32 and found; boys,
' $20 and found: fare 60c.
MISCELLANEOUS
• 4 deckhands, river dredger. $35 and found;
3 sailors, good job. $40 and found; 6 stable-
men, country stables. $35 and $40 and found;
young man for factory. $7 week; choremen,
private family. $25 and found; milk-wagon
driver, city. $40 and found: 4-hors© team-
ster, lumber wagon, city. $15 week: roust-,
about in factory, city. $1 75 day; 5 team-
sters, city, $60: 5 stablemen. $60; 3 buggy
washers. $60: hostler men, city, $30; stable-
men, country stable. $35 and found; 15 boys,
city factories. $7- week; boys to learn trades.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cooks Walters Kitchen Help
Chef cook, country hotel. $75: see boss
here; cook helper, country hotel, $30 and fd.
Cook, good country hotel. $45 and found;
cook, camp. $35; 18 cooks, other places; 3
ranch hands; 25 waiters; 30 kitchen hands.
$20. $25. $30 and $35 and found ; butcher,
country shop. $30 and found. '
SPECIAL
3 camp waiters mine co $30 and found I
Hundreds of other positions Come, see
MURRAY & READY 634-636 gay st.
WANTED — Treasurer for Chutes Theater. Los
Angeles; $20 week and expenses; cash ,bnnd
required; long engagement; immediately.
American Amusement Co., Cosmopolitan Hotel.
A STEADY man with small capital can secure
a good living in a cigar store. Iifqulre cigar
factory,; 257 Fourth St.. near Folsom.
COPPERSMITH apprentices wanted; age 14
to 16 years: $3 a week to commence with.
Box 499. Call office.
HELP WAXTED--MALK~Coa.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40.^>he7I^
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th!
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and 1
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 25o
to 50c. 5C3 Mission st.. bet. lst and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; rr»»
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call adveTtiseirnVnts "and
subscriptions has been established at 103a
Valencia at.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE, six rooms;~~9 Ewer place, oi?
Mason, between Clay and Sacramento. Ad-
ply 10 Ewer place. y
$30— SUNNY modern 2-stnry bay-window house
of t rocma and bath. 720 Broclerlck st.
HOUSES TO LET — CO UXTIl Y.
M v X L° (fair Oaks)— New cottTgT^TTo^raT
bath: fnrnlthed. A. R HARRISON. 79 Geary
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
THREE wcll-mat^d~s7yUsli~ca7ri7gT~teamr
average weight 2500 pounds: perfectly train
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hand*
average weight 2450; six work horses averasl
weight 1400. and six fine large driving hor<= e *
Just from the country; these are all weii
broken: trials given. Call at OCCIDENTAr
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G LAYNG Pro-
prietor. 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 "Howl
ard st. . »»
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Hors« Var-f
ket, 327 Sixth at.; also buggies, waso"! hlr-
nees. etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
YOt; c^", flnd what yJU want ln tIle horse linn
at STEWARTS Horse Market. 721 Howard
t.t.. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor.' 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College— Fourth ses-
slon begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave?
FOR sale — 2 well broken saddle horses- quiet
and safe. See Mr. CLEMENTS, at Riding
Club, corner Pacific and Polk sts.. city.
FINE Rockaway. In first-class condition fo*
sale. Address 519 Fourth st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagon*, buckboard sur-
rey.harness.work.drlving horse*. 15th&Valencia.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAS & SON. 2117 Mission atl
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
lng wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission at.
2 LIGHT business buggies; also 1 light top
buggy. 1370 Turk st.
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse ln good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inquire at
Call office.
IXVESTMEXT3.
RICH mining claim at Nome; too good t»
miss; terms very reasonable. The Investors*
Agency. 137 Montgomery st.. 3. F.
LOST AXD FO ITSJi. :
LOST — On California st.. bet. Kearny and Mar-
ket, gold watch chain: keepsake. Finder
please return to 15 Main at. and recelvt*
reward.
LOST— Sunday, on train to Mt. Tamalpais,
gold link cuff button, set with small diamond.
Return to 16 Third st. cigar store; liberal
reward. ,
LOST — May 25. on Lafayette st.. bet Mission
and Howard, pair gold specks. 20 Lafayette
St.; $1 reward.
$10 REWARD for the return of a new large
dark blue overcoat taken from 1131 Howard
St.. May 14.
LOST — Turquoise and diamond crescent-shaped
stick pin; liberal reward. 5B6 Geary at., r. 50.
MAY 24. at I. O. O. F. Hall, gold Masonio
emblem. Return to Call office; reward.
LOST — A bay mare; little white on face and
hind leg. 3034 Franklin St.; reward.
LOST — A fox terrier on Mason St.; reward $5;
return 225 Mason at.
1T L w1u P* T to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter at., needs old gold
_ and silver to make new watch cases.
.. ..MIXES AXD JttlXIXG.
3 GOOD locations on good gold-bearing ledge;
will locate for grubstake. Box 572. Call.
once for our proposition. Box 48S, Call.
WAXTED— Solicitors; ladies and gentlemen.
Apply 1419 Polk Et.
ATTOBSEVS AT LAW.
K. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; cli cases; damages, estates, wills, 'mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success: established 16 yrm.
G. TT. HOWE, S50 Market Et.. cor. \Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
ail cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market Bt.
L. S. CLAItK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet «t.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICVCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLtN has best bicycles made: all prices; call
before buying: repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. :x»5 Market. 1068 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOGS. ETC.
RCEIiiON'S BJRD STORE— ~~~~
B33 and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
I-«rpgft and beet appointed place in th* country.
BOOKS — SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 114'J Market: tel. Howard 194«.
BUSnfBM CHAXCES.
A— $1401! ; HALF interest in one of the beet
paying eaioons in this city. Particulars 11.
G. VWLKE, 2tiV 2 Kearny st.
A— $lt!00; HESTAURANT on Market St.; daily
receipts ebout $60; lease; splendid chance; a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE, 20^j
Kearny w.
A— 512^0; COFFEE £aloon and restaurant near
Market end Powell sts.; value $2500; make
an ofler; sickness cause of celling. See R.
G. WILJvK. 20'^ Kearny st.
A— f 250; HESTAURANT; cost to fix up $600;
rent $1!.; splendid location; a great bargain
and good business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 \i
- . Ktarny «t.
A—^430; IiAKKRY. established years; all store
trade; rent $4U; 3 rooms and kitchen; baking
1 barrel per day. Call R, G. WILKE, 26»Z
Kearny «.
A BALOO29 en Fourth st., near Market; $650.
A saloon; half interest; $750.
A branch bakery and notions; $550.
p Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years; the brst investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G.WILKE. 26H* Kearny.
A— $800; PARTNER wanted In fine paying and
best located restaurant on Sutter St.; sick-
ness compels owner To take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE. 2ti'i Kearny st.
A — $550; OYSTER and chop house; clears $150
month; bargain. STRAND. 1007^ Market.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery and bar; fine stock-
fixtures; 2 cash registers; good trade;3 rooms'
4 years' lease. STRAND, 1007^ Market st!
A— $325; BRANCH bakery and variety store- 4
rooms; cheap rent. STRAND, IOO714 Market.
A—WE buy sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 1007% Market st.
•^T* 20^: CIGAR store; rent $ToTwlH oacrifice
for $.5 to-day. STRAND. 1007% Market at)
A PATRON invested «IOO with us; his averace
dividends were $5 15 a week; in leas than
five months he had drawn as much in divi-
dends as his principal; why not do the same
yourself? We guarantee you against loa»;
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
ioes ; we accept accounts as low as $10- divi-
dend for week ending May 24, $5 OS- write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION suite
615, Emma Spreckels building.
A — WANTED: reliable, active man to take
State cr county pattern rights ln one of the
Eios-t profitable and salable articles in exist-
ence; email capital required. P. 6 DE
LUCA, 318 Kearny et., room L
A — Hardware, paint and- oil business in very
best town this State; nets $250 mo.; invoice
my stock: no good will; snap rent See
HedKws, 4C1-4C2 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market.
A— *300; PARTNER wanted in lirht businecs-
$18 to ?25 a week; no nirht or Sunday work-
duties light and easily learned; trial given
before buying. 25 Geary et., room 1.
$ 380 — LUNCH and coffee parlor; fit for 2 part-
ner* or man and wife. For particular* call
¦__ at 796 Folaom st.
BRANCH bakery, groceries, candy, notions and
school cupcliee. near school. fill\i Bryant st.
good titles; easy terms; telephone Green 45S;
big list hotels and lodging-houses.
FOR a lie — A newly furnished house; would
rr.: ke a good quiet transient house; no
agents. Address box 580. Call office. !
A — WE have 400 lodging houses for sale: prices
$125 to $5000. Strand &. Co.. 1007% Market.
SOLD on easy payments at 842 Howard— 16
rms.. clears $50. $600; 9 rms.. clears $30. $300.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY'S proof positive test seance.
Sun.. Wed. and Fri. nights; every one re-
ceives test; 25c; readings daily. 1052 Ellis st.
PROF. HOLTMAN. medium and gifted healer;
all diseases cured by his marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 1228 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell rt.: Ellis car.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MME. YOUNG'S test circle to-night; Prof. Mc-
Laughlln's healing demonstration. 605 Mc-
Allister; 10c: come, skeptics.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th., nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve., 25c; readings dally.
MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night; best tests.
10c'; readings dally; ladles 50c. 132 Sixth st.
W G. KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat.; 10c; sittings daily. 148 Cth st.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak — Circles Tues. and
Fji., 8 p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; 10c; read, daily.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
MOTHER SADIE, materializing seance to-day,
12 m.; 50 cte. 1084 Bush st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAUieter-*Mrs. C. 3.
Meyer: eittiner dally: test to all to-nUht; 10c
CLAIRA'OYAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THK FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
Bhe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur ln the fu-
ture. If you are ln trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied ln life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — 60c — 50c — NO HIGHER. ~ '
For this week only, advice on love and s t
business affairs; reunites the separated and
causes speedy marriage; names, dates and
facts given when others fall. Call on the
world's greatest medium and palmist. MME.
J. LYONS, 1016 Market St.. parlors 8 and 9.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st..
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
In person- 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$6; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles 50c.
genta $1: palm, and clair. alt..$l 50. 126 Turk.
FOR a limited time, Mrs. Reynolds, the famous
life reader, will give her marvelous full life
readings for $1. 1008^ Market hours 10 to 5.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell cornea true: send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
et.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
25c — SPECIAL — $2 readings one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, astrologist.- card reader-
10 to 8 daily. 1010 Mission st., near Sixth.
MISS M. WILLE? 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant!
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names :&0c-$l;10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. '
Mme. Marceau.' card reader & clairvoyant; la.
& gents 25c. 1601 Mission; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. WALTERS] great card reader, la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
MME. CATHERINE DEAN, scientific card
reader; readings daily. 132 Sixth st., office 2.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
LINCOLN-^-Clairvoyaiu and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. , 125 Turk st.
MRS., HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
¦ no pay; full life readings 50c. ;704 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: ladies
25c: cents 60: readings dally. 132 Sixth at.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments • selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1S63: new 80-page catalogue free.
ELECTRo'dENTAL CLINIC, ~809 ilarketTcorT
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 60
up: office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs. ; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 60c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 60c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. ii! ol
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 10l9 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 R.-.usch st., nr. 7th & Hov/ard.
OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl~
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish meat
reliable help. 624 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks waiters on
ebort notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab 20 rears
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40"Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51SS.
E MPLO YMEXT W AXTE D— -FEMALE .
GOVERNESS' position wanted by a lady of
education and refinement; kindergarten and
music specialties: best Eastern and " State
references; no objection to country. H. H.
Box 03, FrultVale. Cal.
HOUSEWORK wanted by a capable woman;
. Is good cook; no objection to across the bay;
wages not less than $15. Please call 1024
Howard St., .room 7.
GOOD laundress wants work by the day; $1 10
per day; no postals answered. 605 Minna St.,
near Seventh.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman, good cook
and housekeeper, wishes position In country.
173 Minna £t.
YOUNG lady, nurse with experience desires
care of invalid or sick person: $30 to $35
per month. Address box 494, Call office.
BY a reliable woman, work by the day wash-
Ing, ironing or cleaning. Call at 170 Seventh
et. ; no ?03tals. .
2 EASTERN girls wish positions as working
housekeeper and second girl. 773^ Folsom.
RELIABLE" woman wishes work by the day
washing, ironing, housecleanlng or sewing-
$1 50 per day. 148 Sixth St., room , 22. '
YOUNG girl wishes a position f6V general
housework; wages $15. 4330 Seventeenth st.'
A— Austrian girl wants position as housekeeper
Apply 1614 Harrison, bet. 12th and 13th.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation general
housework; cannot speak English.- 1029 Da
Karo St.. bet. 22d and 23d; no postals.
MIDDLE-AGED lady desires work in convent
hospital or institution or car-* of invalid lady'
M. MKYKR, 1434 Broadway. ' ..
A COMPETENT " Swedish girl desires a posi-
tlon as a first-class cook, with first-class ref-
erences; city or country.' >Box 582 Call office.
A SWEDISH lady wishes' position as working
housekeeper; city or country; best of refer-
ences. Box 427, Call office.-; :
LADY would like plain washing and barbers'
I washing to do at home. Address MRS. MAR-
TIN, 304 Third st. i .
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third et.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $150
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from : ferry. . r
WANT ads and subscriptions ¦ taken . for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st. :
CLASSIFIED advertisements' and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
.. fubscrlptlons has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. ;-.'.' ' - ¦- ': •-:>¦-. •
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C R HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
A marker and distributor, laundry, city
$10 week
3 waitresses, springs, fare 1 way .'.$25
2 waitresses, first-class summer resort... $25
2 more waitresses, Arizona, free fare $25
2 waitresses, country resort $20
3 chambermaids, city $20
Man and wife, cook and wife, summer re-
sort $65
Man and wife, laundry work, resort $50
2 laundresses, summer resort, fare paid. $50
20 waitresses, city and country.;.... $20. $25
Head waitress, small country place $25
Lunch waitress, no Sunday work . . $4 50 . wk.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT 1
Housegirl. small American family. Martinez,
- $25
Ranch cook, fare paid, $25; housegirl. Mill
Valley,- party here. $20; houseglrl. Oakland.
$30, party here. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429
Bush st.
Opposite California Hotel. ,
A COOK and laundress and dishwasher,
summer resort. $40, $30, $30. party here
AVednesday at 11 a. m. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 42» Bush St., opopsite California Hotel.
A COOK and second girl (American family of
4 adults). Belvedere; see party here at 11
a. m. ; $30 and $20. ' \
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush gt.
A REFINED nurse girl. Apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...429 Bush st.
MRS. M. E. DAY. Phone Main 1575.
"~ HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 head waitresses, $35 and $30; 3 waitresses
first-class resort, $25, room, board and wash-
ing; 2 waitresses mountain resort, $25; 2
waitresses lake, see party here; 8 waitresses
springs, $25 and $20; 9 waitresses different
commercial hotels, $25; fares paid; 12 wait-
resses city hotels, $25 and $20; lunch waitress,
$4 f.O; 3 chambermaids to ' wait, $i'0; pan-
. tryman springs, $25, fare paid; dishwasher.
$6 week, no Sunday work; woman shampooer
baths, city, ?25.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Head waitress, city, $35; 3 cooks,
little wash, $30; small restaurant cook, $35:
Institution cook, $40; hotel laundress, 1 $20;
2 waitresses for summer resorts, $22 50, $25:
nurse girl, 1 child, $25; 4 second girls, $20 and
$25; 4 restaurant waitresses, $8, $7; house-
work, 2 family, $25; German cook. $30; parlor ,
maid, country, $;»0; second-girl. Redwood, seei I
party here, $25; 6 chambermaids assist wait-
Ing, $20- 49 girls for housework, $25 and $30.
Apply to .T. J F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Working housekeeper. $25.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; halrdresslng,
manicuring, massage, halrwork * taught in 2
' weeks; price $3 50; employment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
WANTED — Young woman for general house-
work; no washing; small family; good wages.
417 Fair Oaks St., near Twenty-fifth.
WANTED — A neat young lady to do collecting
and assist in office: hours 7 to 5:30; wages
$6 per week. Box 678, Call office. ¦
A GOOD dressmaker wanted. Apply early in
' morning, MRS. F. ROBERTSON, dress-
maker. 1229 Mission st.,' bet. 8th and 9th.
WANTED — Young girl or elderly lady to j as-
sist In housework and care for baby; new
flat. 1613 Howard St. < - ¦ -
A -WOMAN experienced in teaching can secure
lucrative position ln a business house. Box
576, Call office. ; .. ..' '. ¦ ¦ ',
GIRL light housework, $15. 2306 Sutter st.;
call morning. . \, • ~ ¦¦:¦¦'¦
SW r EDISH or German girl - for general house-
work; ." adults. 2614 Webster st. ¦ • .
WANTED — Girls to .Iron shirts., . Apply The
L. ELKU5 CO., 29 and 31 Battery st.
TWO pianists to play for lessons. Hoover Unl-
verslty of Physical Culture. 1327 Market st.
EXPERIENCED cook; also to assist ln house-
work. 2219 Scott st. -
GIRE tyoesetter wanted at 516 4 Commercial
street.
WANTED — A cood . boarding-house cook.. Ap-
ply 1122 Larkln ; st. . - , : . ¦
AN experienced finisher on : coats; • also ' opera-
.. tor. 3li4% Third at. . : . ¦ ' .
THOROUGH course in millinery, $1 per week;
¦ : evening class. . 233 Geary, st.,, rooms 13-15. ;
APPRENTICE for hair business at G. LED-
, ERER' S. 123 Stockton ' at.' '¦ . :¦ - -:. ; .
WOMAN; to help in kitchen; $4 per week. 1009
;..¦•; Larkln at. .-..:' ¦- ¦' . - ¦ -
OPERATORS, experienced; also "learners; paid
while learning. G.W. REYNOLDS' muslin
, underwear factory. 697 Mission;? cor. Second; '
ENGINEER for mill. $75; machinist for mill,
$3 to $4 day; ratchet setter, $45 and board;
15 carpenters, city and country, $3 50 day;
plain carpenters. $3 day; 2 blacksmiths for
ranch, $40 and found; wheelwright for ranch.
$40 and found;* jobbing blacksmith and shoer,
$50 and found; 2 blacksmith helpers. $2 day;
foreman for sawmill, $60; cabinet-maker, $3
day; boxnallers, harness-maker and other
mechanics. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st.
2 FURNACE men for mine. $60 and board; 5
coal miners, $2 60 to $2 75 day; 20 laborers
and teamsters, $2 and $2 25 day, free fare;
150 laborers for mines, mills, pick and shovel
work and , quarries, $2 day; 2 men to cut
brush, $30 and board ; and ' others. J. . F.
CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st. — Barkeeper,
country hotel, $35; night barkeeper, city, $60;
porter for wine and liquor store, $10 week;
man for -Janitor's work. 3 hours every night;
boy to run elevator. $20: shampooer, springs;
man and wife for country place, $60; young
man as Indoor servant, $25; coachman, $30;
gardener, $35, etc.
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton st. — Second cook
for springs, $60; second cook, $70; kitchen
porters, dishwashers and helpers, $25 to $30;
waiters, city and country. $25 to $45; farm
hands. Sonoma and Alameda counties, $25;
railroad .work, $2 and $2 25 a. day, free
fare, etc. :
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO ...429 Bush st.
.bet. Kearney and Grant ave
New railroad work
FOR NEVADA
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen and con-
crete men $2 and $2 25 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 tunnelmen. drillers, muckers and out-
side laborers — $1 75 to $3 a day
Free fare Free fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush 8t.
2 MEN and wives, private families, $40 and
$50; sack sewer, $3 day; farmers, $25 and
$30 and $1 50 day and board: choreman for
ranch, $26: can washer. $30: boy to assist on
wagon $15 and found; boy to learn creamery
buslness, ?10 and found; milkers. $30, $32 50
nnd $35 and found: and many others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Pastry cook, $50; steward, $50; bell boy, $15;
Clerk. $30: second cook, "$60; barber for
springs, $30 and found; night porter, $20; 2
.waiters, $30; pantry man, $25. '
A MAN and wife to take charge of a country
house: a cook, small boarding house. $30;
also a man for light work part of the day,
$5 a week. MRS. MORTON. 313 Sutter.
A — HEAD waiter for commercial hotel, $40.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
WANTED — First-class gardener, for the coun-
¦ try; ! must understand general garden I and
."orchard work thoroughly; state age, experl-
ence and names of previous employers. Ad-
dress N.'S. M., box 479, Call office.
MASTER Barbers' Association meets . to-night
at 102 O'Farrell st. and 8:30 o'clock: very
j Important business; all members please be
present. S.' HELLER, Secretary M. B. A.
WANTED — Strictly sober, renable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting ¦ business;
n6 experience necessary; rays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Active man to manage general gro-
cery business across the bay; no liquors; a
good chance for the right person: $500 deposit
required. Address A. B., box 405, Call office.
WANTED — Reliable trustworthy man. partner
first-class cash business, to keep plain -ac-
counts and assist generally: jrood chance to
suitable party; $350 required. 318 Kearny, r.l.
WANTED— A good solicitor for newspaper:
good pay. and free transportation. Call at 309
California st., room 19. between 11 and 1
; o'clock: references .required.
WANTED — Restaurant cooks, waiters and
¦ kitchen help; no fee. Apply 526 Montgomery
st.V room 1. • • , ,., .
WANTED— A good dishwasher. 426 Montgom-
ery 'st.; apply "early. 1
WANTED-^-A good tailor for bushellng at 623
' Commercial st. •
WANTED — Experienced drygoods salesman.'
CalI109 Post st.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale house; chance to
advance. ' Box 1745. Call office. . •
WANTED— Wanted to work In paint shop.
BARNETT &, CO., 20 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale: first-class; three chairs;
I good business. D. STOLTZ, 723 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS carriage .blacksmith and paint-
- . er. O'BRIEN'S. 500 Golden Gate ave. ;
A TAILOR to work on coats. ' 346& Third st.
WANTED— Paper hanger to do some work for
,; room. rent.- 303% Sutter st.
WANTED — Experienced salesman • ln clothing
and furnishing goods; steady position. Box
573, Call office.
MALE piano player; must read music readily
at sight: steady position. Apply Superin-
tendent, Emporium^
DISHWASHER wantad; must carry trays. 37
Eddy st. ¦
WANTED— A first-class barber. 637 Valencia
street.
WANTED — Elevator boy; steady. 29 Stockton
street.
WANTED — A boy to drive butcher cart. 1414
Valencia st.
WANTED — Bakery wagon driver. 616 Hayes.
WANTED— A carriage blacksmith helper. 163S
Mission st.
WANTED — A brass molder. Address 1955
- Market st.
WANTED^-Two painters. McAllister St.,
above Steiner. B. T. C. men.
LUNCH waiter. 223 Bryant st.
WANTED — A barber, at 207% Montgomery
ave. C. PORTER.
BARBER, working short hours, wants work
evenings and Sundays. Box 575. Call.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35: citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Mongomery st.. San
Francisco, or Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED — Two pad grooms for riding club;
• ir.vst understand saddling horses and care of
saddles and bridles; must be good riders;
retired cavalry soldiers or new arrival" pre-
ferred. Call or address The Riding Club,
Pacific St., co.-ner Polk. city.
WANTED — Reliable man with $20O to take
retiring partner's Interest in a well-estab-
lished business that will easily pay $75 a
month, experience not necessary; good op-
portunity for a good man. Address box 5S5,
Call office.
BARBER shop and laundry office, with two
living rooms; rent $10. 921 Harrison st.
FOR SALE — Cheap, barber's outfit! mirror
chair.- razors, etc. 1329 Pine at.
WANTED — Recruits fo*r the marine corps. U.
S. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet I
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 18 years of
age to learn the dry goods business. State
age. experience, if any, and salary expected
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
ruus Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN ta learn barber trade; barbers ln de-
mand; only require* 8 weeks: tools donated -
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL^
LEGE, 635 Clay at.
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and II
a. m. at HALE BROS.'
BARBER shops and rooming houses "supplied
with towels. 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED — A thorougMy competent and expe-
rienced salesman for retail boys' and chil-
dren's clothing. Address box 415. Call.
COATMAKER and pants and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS & CO 24
Sutter st. . "
FIRST-CLASS 2-chalr barber shop for sale in
San Jose. Inquire G. DRXGVEITCH 140
Fowell St.. S. K., or of STOLTZ. *
EXPERIENCED 'agents for country; big com-
missions. Apply Royal Portrait Co., 143 7th.
COATMAKERS and basters; good pay. 541
Market gt., upstairs. . y
W - AI ?, T ? I> ~~* Iechanlca ' »sents and aoltcltors.
> Call Inventors' Mfg Co.. 137 First at.
$350— PARTNER; .rare chance: lady or gent;
for medicine tent show. Box 500. Call.
FOR sale — A three-chair barber shdp; must be
• sold at once. . 215 Sixth st. '
WANTED^ioO laborers at Hunters Point; $2
per day. City Street Improvement Co.
ALL sizes men's shoes.' slightly damaged, half
price. S63 Mission st.. bet. lst and 2d sts.
WANTED— Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St.,
2000 PAIRS of new and . second-hand shoes for
•ale cheap. McDONALD A PERRY. 241 3d.
MISCELLAXEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, -d-hand machinery. McTsT
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont at.
COLLEGE kennels has 8 head of dogs, which
must be sold for board; also a fine stock of
den and pups of all descriptions: can ba
bought on your own terms. 115 Haight st..
phone Fell 6811.
A— BUYS, selta or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
BAR fixtures: bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables: eauy terms or rented. Ta«
Brunawlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale at.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new co*t\
$250, wUl sell If taken at once for $100 casa- I
bust 38. Box 1729, Call. ' 1
FOR sale — 6 mantels. 3C0-welght of tiles 700
feet of molding. Call from 5 to 7 p. m.. 1214
Stelner st.
LOTS of hard old bricks on hill; Waller ani
Buchanan; $5 50 per M.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montg'y.
8000 FEET 2 to 6 Inch pipe, with screw, lead or
flanged Joints. THOMPSON. 40 Main st.
FRESH milk cow. 49 qhenery gt.
FOR sal« — 1 safe, about 2200 pounds, at 813
Market st.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale- st.
5 DOLLARS — Singer sewing machine; good or.
der. 1571 Market st.. near Twelfth.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock-
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movlns
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 Mk*~ •
GASOLINE enelnes. all sizes, new and 2d-haivJ
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER«
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machinery.engines and boiler*
. go to D.J.McMasters.SE.cor.2nd & B-annan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hanc~ modern, engines & boilers'
bought, sold. Krozh Mfg Co.. 51D Market si.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD <fc BRECK. 131 Pout st.
CHEAPEST and best ln America — The Weekly
Call. .10 pases, sent to any addrys ln th«
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for cealskln coats; also g-nt-V
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stcckton st. : phone Bush 4M.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal: will call. Bos 43€0. Call office.
HIGHEST prices paid for diamonds and seal-
gfclns; will call; confidential. Box 468. Calif ">
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing ar t
theatrical goods. 1S4 9th St.; tel. Jessie 2531.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all atjs*. any
condition. FamsworthEl*ctricalWka..41STuric.
SIOXEY TO LOAxT
HERMAN MUUPHY, 601-602 Examiner bld».
$4,500.01.0 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided interests ln real estate
Estates ln probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents
Life insurance policies
..Financial problems or all sorts and sizes..
If you need money •
See HERMAN MURPHY
.601-C02 Examiner but'.dlng
A— R. McCOLGAN." 24 Montgomery at., room JL
Loans any amount at lowest ralta*
. Deal direct with lender. .
On first mortgages. * .. _. i
On second mortgages. i> . 1
On third mortgages. ' uClA
On undivided Interests la real estates — ,
On estates Id probate. ' »,.(
On legacies. ' : I
NO DELAT.
Telephone Main 6T.1«.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery »t.. room X
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
nco.000 at 514 and O per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property:
second mortgages, life - Insurance and aecuri-*-
tttc: loans on unsettled estates, undivided la-
.teresta in real estate and legacies: win pur-
'fhase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAM
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ON real estate, 'lst or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 3&ROME, May 26.— The report published
in the United States that the authorities
here had '¦ discovered strong evidence of a
plot against the Pope, is absolutely with
out foundation. V^
No Plot Against the Pope.
HAVANA, May 26.— Both the Senate
and the House have passed -a bill grant
ing. President Palma J300.000 for current
expenses In connection with insular, af
fairs. Discussion of. the question of
granting amnesty to the Americans now
In >' prison or awaiting trial in Cuba has
been postponed until to-morrow. - ''
Amnesty Bill Is Still Pending.
NEW YORK, May' 26.— Former. United
States Senator George N. ¦ McBride, of
Oregon, and- Mrs. Laura "Walter
Scheweistenberg, of the same State,
•were married at \ the rectory - of the
Church, of the. Ascension In. this city on
Saturday. Senator John H. Mitchell, of
Oregon, and Mrs. Harriet Potter Nourse
of New York were, present at the wed
ding, which was followed by a break
fast. The newly married - couple will
journey through .the New Epgland States
and eo to Oregon in July. . ;
Fctmer Senator McBride Marries.
There Is no opposition to the renomina
tion of Secretary of State Leilan for a
second term. There are many candidates
for the other places.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. May 26.-^Iany
delegates and visitors to the Republican
State convention/ which meets here to
morrow, have already arrived. Senator
Hanr.a remained at his residence to-day.
It is understood that a platform, has
been prepared by the Ohio Senator and
Congressmen, which has been submitted
to some of the delegates. It is said to
Indorse" the national administration
strongly in general terms without speci
fications on Cuban reciprocity. The Phil
ippines policy is unequivocally Indorsed,
with a special expression of confidence in
Governor-General Taft.
the Philippine Policy of the
Administration. .
Platform Will Unequivocally Indorse
HEFTTBLICAN DELEGATES
GATHERING AT CLEVELAND
TOPEKA, Kans.. May 26.— Captain
Peter C. Deming, charged with embez
zling Government, money while with the
voluntary army In the Philippines, will
soon be released from the Ljeavenworth
Federal Prison, where he has been serv
ing a sentence imposed upon him by a
court-martial composed of regular army
officers. Thia is In accordance with the
recent decision of the United States Su
preme' Court that this sentence was Il
legal. However, proceedings will /be
started In a civil court charging him with
embezzlement, according to plans being
made in the United States District Attor
ney's office in this city. It is likely that
like proceedings will be taken in the case
of the thirty others in the penitentiary
who will be released in accordance with
the Supreme Court decision. : •
Him in Civil Court on Charge
of Embezzlement.
Authorities Will Proceed . Against
CAPTAIN DEMING MUST
AGAIN STAND TBIAli
MANILA, May 26.— The board consist
ing of Colonel T. J. Wint, Lieutenant
Colonel Joseph W. Duncan and Captain
William T. Johnston, which has been in
vestigating the charges brought by Major
Gardener concerning conditions in . the
Tayabas province, Luzon, has adjourned
its meetings. at Lucena, Tayabas province
and will now meet in Manila. •
That the President be requested to inform the
Senate whether there be any > law or regula
tion in force in the Philippine Islands which
will prevent any native of those islands who
may so desire, who is not under arrest and
against whom no charge of any offense against
the United States is pending, from coming to
the United States and stating his views or de
sires as to the interests of his people to the
President or either house of Congress.
The resolution went over until to-mor
row at the request of Lodge.
WASHINGTON, May 26.— Captain Mc-
Donald, formerly of the . Ttirenty-slxth
Volunteer Infantry, one of the officers ac
cused in Corporal O'Brien's testimony,
was before the Philippine Committee of
the Senate to-day. He denied all of the
allegations made by O'Brien, and said
that O'Brien was elsewhere at the time
he claimed to have been present. McDon
ald denied the statement by O'Brien that
hoi (McDonald) and a number of other of
ficers misbehaved themselves at a native
dance. He showed that at the time al
leged Major Cook, one of the officers
named, and himself were on duty else
where. Captain 1 McDonald also . denied
that he ever had struck a prisoner on the
head with, a revolver, as O'Brien . had
charged.
"If," he said, "a prisoner had not done
as ordered, I should have had htm shot
instead of striking him." .
Speaking ot the treatment of peaceable
natives by the Americans in the Philip
pines, Captain McDonald said it was like
the treatment of a child by his father.
The witness also testified concerning
the capture of the barrio of Lanog, in
connection with which O'Brien had said
that an unarmed boy had been fired upon
by the entire command; that three old
men, two of them bearing a flag of truce,
had been shot down, and that a woman
and two children had been burned to
death. ,, He denied all the statements de
tailing these supposed circumstances, but
said it was true that the barrio had been
captured and burned. • It was a stockaded
stronghold of ladrones, set on a hill and"
considered Inaccessible while the Span
iards controlled the country. When his
troops approached it the natives fired
first, but the place was taken. The Amer
icans occupied the town for hours, and
then, after giving ample notice of their
intentions, had set fire to the place. If
any person was burned to death he never
had heard of the fact: Nor had he ever
given any orders .while approaching the
place to take ho prisoners. •
Patterson of Colorado, one of the minor
ity members of the Philippine Committee,
occupied the floor of the Senate most of
the day in a discussion of the Philippine
question. Patterson quoted from. the ut
terances of his newspaner. the Denver
News, to show that it -Consistently had
advocated the independence of the Philip
pines since December, 1898. He said the
editorials quoted by Foraker 'some days
ago had been written prior to that time.
He discussed the whole Philippine ques
tion, a.nd several lively colloquies oc
curred during the speech. Foraker and
Hoar had a brief debate over President
McKinley's proclamation to the Filipinos.
• Senator Hoar to-day introduced the far
lowing resolution: . .
Declares Allegations of Cor
poral O'Brien Are Not
¦ True.
McDonald Refutes the
Story of Cruelty in
Philippines.
FORMER CAPTAIN
DENIES CHARGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 27 ; 19b2.
13
AJVEBTISEKrEUTaL, ' "
jHHl'Aril Liu)
. jHaEBSfijiBfiBlTrT'l F
j^gggr gHH . gi Iw 1* 5
sieic §§imoHi
Positively cur c d fjy these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distrcsafrom Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drernrsi-
' ness, Bad Taste ia the Mouth, Coated Tongue
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. ¦
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price -
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co. ,
1 E^i ' • ' Steamers leave Broadway
P$%v^. Wharf San Francisco:
l^®Sii For Ketchlkan. JuneaU.
KSgS^^Vi*. Skagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 *.
taKS^gh m.. May 11. 16. 21. 2S. 31.
t£\PKH June 5. Changs to cora-
i w2lar S *jJ?al pany*3 steamers at Seattle.
MS&SK&l&i For Victoria. Vancouver.
r^^tSBm&L Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
6a »4 coma. Everett. Whatcom—
Redondo). San Diego and Santa BarDars
Santa Rosa. Sundays. 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. m.
.For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and EMt
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis O***%°
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme aad
•Newport <»Bonlta only). _
Coos^Bay. 9 a. m.. May 14. 22, M. June 7.
Bonita 8 a. m.. May 10. 19. 28 June 3..
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose aei
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pas. Santa »«•*-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a, m., tta eaea
month.
For further Information obtain folder, c .'
Right Is reserved to change steamer* or a»n- .
lmc dates. *
TPICKITT — * New Mont«om«ry
street (Palac* Hotel).
C D DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
. j 1 :. « -
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
LEAVE SEATTLE. ¦
SENATOR » P. M.. JITNJB t
VALENCIA » P. M.. JUXE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the •ea»« T '-
Steamships CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and elegant steamshiDS Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and freight without vmf.
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
folderf apply TICKET OFPICE. * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
¦ GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. -
V. 6. MAIL ROUTE.
;'wlpBf? sailings,
KOMHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch Its first-class steamers, carrying
I United States mails, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows: ' ¦ •
.• From San Francisco
S. S. ST. PAUL:...... June 3
S. S. PORTLAND -July 1
- From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO JuneS
S. S. INDIANA June 1
Connecting at Nome wita steamer Saidle.
carrying United States mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St;
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
G*5 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
O. R. & /V- CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rait Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All J
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, ai
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails... May 23, June 2. 12. Zi
SS. UEO. \V. ELDER Sails..
May 18, 28, Jun« 7, 17
•Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. It a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y, 3. V.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE 'WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of- sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU.
Friday. June ft. 1003
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 29. 1802
SS NIPPON MARU.. Thursday. July 2J, 1002
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. Cameral Agent.
jiamburg American.
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SKRVTCE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia ......June SIF. Bismarck... Jane 2(5
A. Victoria June 171 Columbia July 3
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOCBO-HAMBURO.
Pretoria ..... .June- 7 1 Moltke- .June 10
Vic. Luise June 10 1 Patricia. June IT
Ham'-urif-American Line, ST B'wny. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Asrents for Paclflo
Coast; 401 California st. San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
PALENA .... .June 7ITUCAPEL . .. . .July 1»
. AREQUIPA ...June 27'GUATEMALA .Aug. 8
.' These steamers . are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
: (No change at Acapulco or. Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
_--_. .T Y SISECr UHS T3 TAHITI.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu..
..Saturday. May 31. 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
• Sunday. June 9. 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, June 12. 10 a. m,
I. B. SMCKILS k BSOiCa, Gsisral A2tS., 323Matttf
1 Gea'lPass. omcau 643 Market St. Pier Ba 7. padflp St.
COHPAGNIE -GENERALS TBAHSATLAHnQtfZ.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-FAKX3. .g^
Bailing every Thursday, Instead of <KXfCg&
Saturday, at 10 a. ta., from Pier 42, »r>IP^Bt
North River, foot ot Morton street. ¦
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR. UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building). ,- Now
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacioo . Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
¦ Ticket* sold by all P.allxoad Tlcim Agem*
i i i tiim* i 'ViiMtiii'i # 'ii ii 1 1 ill mih in i'i -
MONEY TO IyQ AN— -Contlnned.
A.NY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bete, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, pecurlties. manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
let floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN" AND TRUST COMPANY.
JT Eafe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery St., /
W Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term. •¦. - "
MONEY to loan In cams to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc. at lowest rate ot
Interest: private and confidential. TOMLIN-
EON & CO.. 105 Ellis tt.. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
SfCNTCIFAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary tt.; phone Red 1603.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount en furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery et.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
C. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market et.. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Rocm 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on planoa.
ft:miture. etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
¦*^Mr~ brokerage charged; confidential: open eves.
WtflVATE party loans $10 up on pianoa, furn.,
\ tvtthout removal: confiden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, piajios: lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 118 McAllister st.
B% CN furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removaL
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor
Mcney loaned salaried people without eecurtty.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California,
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. L
CASH loaned salarl«5 people on note without
tnaorser. MORRELL. 609 Ex»miner bldg.
LOAN'S money on salary; no indcrser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MEDICAL..
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Lad!es. all who *re 6ick or in trouble,
tonrelt the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
PERSONALS.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; It cured hundreds of ailing women- in
its first year -and has cured thousands. of suf-
ferers every year el nee; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Vlavl Co..
2304-6-8 Van Ness ave.; phone East 282. San
' Francisco. - -' -
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$16; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
tt., between Seventh and Eighth. •
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE — Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits., skirts,
shirtwaists, trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
cults, overcoats, hats; call, open account at
our new store, d F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
ELECTRIC light Jn every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
tiee 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WORKINGMAN. 34. stranger in city, would
like acquaintance of good girl who would
appreciate " home; object, matrimony. Box
,476. Call. ,__
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dressing, any style, 25c; shampooing.
. 50c; manicuring, 25c: switches, wigs and
front pieces. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton et.
•WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL— Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying. Instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 14X) Geary St.. S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome Bt.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J*
W. EVANS. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousere at CHARLES LYONS'.- London
tailor. 721 Market Bt. ;
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds pearls and precious stories bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR habit — A new. Eafe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dregs P. O. box 552. San Jose. Cal.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pant's. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— If your hair is falling- or you are bald. -call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332 O"FarrelI;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.' permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 426 Sutter.
gpXNISH lessons and translations. 613 McAl-
lister st.
CITY OP RiraMOND^^^.
CirY^OF^RlcHMOND. ' ¦ V :
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east aide of San Francisco, Bay. • adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R. Co.'s, -.location
of the Standard Oil Co.'s refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men I will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond-
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to. Invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have th<»
chance to buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $180. FROM $180.
$5 PER MONTH. $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
~SEE THESE LOTS'.
Over 400 sold in the last sixty daysl Some
of the best corners and Inside lots left.
Streets graded . and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property. ' . ' /. - - •
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract-
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed free.
0 RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.). ¦
Room 182, Crocker building. S. F.
AUMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
SUNNY' furnished room in Alameda, . suitable
for couple; board. Box 4281 Call, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL SALE. -
AT AUCTION. ' .
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
SO Choice Residence and Business Lots
80 Choica Residence and Business Lots
In
HOME PARK TRACT, ."
WEST BERKELEY, . . .
Opposite . . • '•
The Pacific Coast Furniture Factory and
Corbin Station. .
Saturday, May 31, 1902, on the property.
Lunch at 1 p.m., 'served free. Auction Bale
2 v. m. . "V.! . i -' • ¦ - •
Terms — One-third cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser. To reach the sale: Leave San Fran-
cisco at Market-st. ferry, broad-gauge, at
10, 10:30 or 11. a.' m., 12 m. and 12:30 or.l
p. m. -
Buy ticket for West Berkeley, change cars
at- Shell Mound. Transit time direct to the
tract is about 45 minutes. . • . .
For maps and particulars apply to ' . .-
ROOMS TO LET; — Fnrn: and TJnfnrn.
GOLDEN "GATE ; ave., 847— Single front room.
Opposite park; furnished; references required.
GOLDEN GATE ave., - 1050-VWeir furnished
. sunny room ; • private f atnlly ; free telephone.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission— Rooms 35c to
'.-.$1 50 .'night;. $1 75. to $5 week; reading room." ]
HOWARD, 870— Large sunny room suitable for
- tailor; rent- reasonable. . '-.-;¦ , - '..'., .
LEAVENWORTH; ' 1114A — Newly furnished
parlor suites; bath; gas; phone. ¦ -. .
MINNA. CC7. corner' Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room, gl per week; transient.
NATOMA. 217— Neat sunny front room for two .
respectable workingmen; reasonable price/'
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
' efflcee; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL Heuse. 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month $8 to $30: elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH, 28— Nicely , furnished sunny suite,
$15; others, $8, $6; gas; running water. '
SHERMAN .Apartment House. 28 Eighth st, :
near Market— Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER. 717 — Nicely furnished sunny room
with bath: - < v .. r
rooms and board.
t1Ie' s m^ali^ist ; e1C'b^^
: opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath;' excellent table;
I references. . r : - ' • : ¦ •
CORBIN, The, 836 Sutler St.. corner Leaven-
wort ri — Nicely furnished- rooms; single- and
suits; all sunny; table first class.
NEWLY furnished rooms, with board, . two
minutes' walk from Morton street station.
1541 Central ave.. Alameda. \
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAMBOURNE, . 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat. V
•"HEATH," 312 Eddy st.— Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. ¦
I SUNNY furnished rooms and board; home
cooking. Ellis st., near Polk.,
VAN '.NESS. 619 — Handsome furnished gunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
¦ IRVINGDALE, 626 . Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
•suite or single:vgood table: rea»onable. . . .
' ROOMS AND. BOARD WAXTEII.
; WANTED— By single gentleman, comfortable
room and • good board in private family.
; ; Box 577, Call office.
1 A .^3^JW££yES.
' GREAT Ba!£ga!ns"in"tYPE WRITERS^- We
- cell better machines for less money than any
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
ceses taken; vpe most difficult cases treated;
nave relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice en all subects
of a delicate -nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
XELL, office & residence. 1018 MkU op. 5th.
tIRS. DR. KOHL— Well known, reliable ladles'
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
lCOSVj Market St.. opp. 5th and nr. PowelL
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home in
confinement. Moved to 72S Post St.. nr. Jones.
i'.KS. SWEET 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th rt.. a
graduate of Royal University. Berlin, has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases; all who
are sick or in troubla consult me before going
elsewhere: takes ladies before and during con.
Eucment: best motherly care; !nfar.t3 adopted;
confinements, $15; room & board $5 week;
2 to help for rocm and board. Tel. Blue 411.
Alias. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
-^ 1st; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 006 Market St., opp. Emporium.
HUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
" time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26^ Kearoy.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bash and Duppnt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter Bt.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and molea destroyed. Mra.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan ; teL West 259.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical coBtnaier. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric A electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism. etc 233 Geary.r.2T.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mr8.TraYerse.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly: 10c and 25c All druggists.
D. PRATT, manager and general agent. .
Office, Pacific Coast Hotel, on the tract.
Or WOODWARD-CUSHMAN CO., 11 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco, Cal. • ¦ . . '.
NEW six-room bay-window cottage; porcelain
bath; pantry; tiled sink; folding doors; man-
tel; electric .lights; high basement; j brick,
foundation; wash trays; lot/ 45x135: price,
$2200; terms, $150 cash, balance $20 per
month; this house -will rent ¦ for 'enough to
' make payments. Open Sundays. O. A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorln. .
FURNISHED house 'for rent — 8 rooms and
bath; modern In every respect; 1 block to uni-
versity grounds: will lease to .responsible
party for term of years; rent $60. including
water. Open Sundays. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorin.
NEW B-room cottage; modern and complete;
grood location; close to station, school, stores,
churches and electric cars; price, $1900;
terms, $100 • cash, balance $2Q monthly. I
have also new 7 and 8 room houses, w.hich'l
can sell on same terms. O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln. Open Sundays.
rouse in tne city; rentals *a. xne .typewriter
Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 268.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 200 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING <& MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies. 2c; mlra-
¦ eographlng. 827 Markt. rm. 305: -Howard 1539.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., May 21, 1902: Notice
— As to-day the pool expires on all promoters'
Stock in THE BALSAM MINING & MILL-
ING CO., the public is hereby warned against
purchasing any stock claimed to be owned
by one A. A. NICKERSON JR. Any one
purchasing such stock do so at their own
risk, as said A. A. NICKERSON JR. is not
' entitled to any stock in said company. By
order of the board of directors of the Balsam
Mining & Milling Co. • . .
S. F. BULLARD. President.
M. H. RODMAN. "Secretary pro tem. ¦
Glnocchio, , Caterina ;• Perry, Sarah P. ,
Goldstone, -Mitchell '. Pratt. Harriet A.
Grabowski,- Louise C. Rowe, i Thomas H.
. Grange, Vera - 'Samuels. Isador
Green, Edmund S. Smith,. John
Harrington, Henry P. Stanley, Mary A.
Kleinlein, Elizabeth ' Young, 1 Charles H.
McAultffe, Patrick.
BELL— In this city,' May 25, 1902, Amory F..
¦ beloved husband ¦ of Louise B. Bell, and
father of Barbara C. Bell,' Mrs. G. A. Meyer
and Dr. Charles - H. Bell of : San Francisco
and Amory and William H. P. Bell ot, Se-
attle,' a native of Cambridge, . Mass., aged 71
years 9 months and 5 days. .••-• : V
¦ :E7"Friends.and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday),, at 1 o'clock, from Franklin Hall,
-. Fillmore street, between Sutter and Bush.
¦ Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Hercules Lodge
" No." 63, A. O. U. W., are notified and" re-
quested to meet at their lodsreroom, Frank-
lin Hall, Tuesday, May 27, at 1 o'clock, for
the puroose of attending the funeral ot our
late brother, A. F. Bell, i
• . J. • P. WHITNEY, M. . W.
L. M. MANZER, R. S.. /<
BUCHANAN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 26. 1902, John -Buchanan, a, native
, of Ireland, aged 33 years. ' '. ' .
BUNKER— In Berkeley, May 26, 1902, Samuel,,
beloved husband of Martha F. Bunker, and
father of Mrs. E. B. Cushman, Mrs. -B. F.
; .. Weston and Minnie, Charles J. and Fred
W. Bunker, a native of North* Ansori, Me.,
aged 78 years 1 month and 19 days.
GINOCCH1O— In this city, May 26, 1902,
Caterina, j dearly I beloved wife of the late
' Pletro Glnocchio/ and mother of Ida, An-
gelo, . Adelina, Lillian and Elvira Glnocchio.
a native of Italy, aged 47 years 1 mdnth and
19 days. ¦¦ . ¦¦¦¦:. ' ; ; ¦_ ." *T . ¦ . .-'.-•
t!^" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence. 627% Lombard street, thence to
Sts. Peter and Paul's Church,, where a sol-
emn high, mass will be celebrated for the
repose • of her . soul, commencing at ' 10:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOLDSTONE— In this city. May 26, 1902,
* Mitchell, husband of the late Sophie Gold-
' etone, beloved father of Mrs". Louis Cohn of
Anderson, Cal., Mrs.' Phil Cohn of Heppner,
• Or., and Esther, Hannah,' Rose and Percy
Goldstone, and brother of Samuel J. and
Charles Gold3tone and Mrs. L. Lewln, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 72 years. .
IE? Notice , of .funeral hereafter. . .
GRABOWSKI— In thia city, *¦ May .26, 1902.
, Louise C.,' beloved and ¦ only daughter of
Frederick and Amalia Grabowski; and grand-
. daughter of Hr. and Mrs. V. Gorla, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 13 days.
GRANGE— In this city. May 23, 1902. Vera.
beloved wife of Clarance Grange. . .•
E7".The. funeral services will be held Tues-
day, Mar 27, at 10:30 o'clock, at 884 Bush
street; Interment Cypress' Lawn Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city, May 25, 1902, Edmund
S., beloved husband of Bessie Green, son of
Annie A. and .the late George Green, and
brother of, Annie R. GInder and Marguerlta
A., Charles T. and the late John Green, a
native- of San Francisco, aged 25 years 0
months and 15 days. A member of Court
Robin Hood Nol 1, Foresters, of America.
(Brooklyn, N. Y., papers please copy.) V -.
tC7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ invited to attend the funeral ttf-day
(Tuesday), at 8:40 o' clock* from his lat«
. residence, 72B Laskie street, off Mission, be-
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to St,
Paul's. Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose. of his soul
at 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery..- ;.' . ¦ ¦ • . ¦ • ¦' . -' •-¦ ; -
HARRINGTON— In this city, May 25. 1902,
Henry P. Harrington, beloved son of the late
Michael and Margaret Harrington, and
brother of John M. and Daniel J. Harring-
ton, a native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 32
years 2 months and 8 days.
KLEINLEIN — In this city. May 25, 1902,
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Hans Kleinlein,
and eldest dauKhter of Mrs. C. C. Dow, a
native of Virginia City, Nev., aged 24 years
1 month and 18 days. (Virginia- City papers
please copy.) ¦-¦¦¦¦ * .
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 7:45 o'clock, .' from her late
residence, 1153 McAllister street, thence to
St. Boniface' b • Church, Golden Gate avenue
and Jones street, where a solemn requiem
epecialiEt; a private home before and during
confinement; best Tnedical care; low fees.
LADIES — KuTTirond is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DH. ROSEN. 1007}i Market et., near Sixth,
treats ladles only; relief in alt cases taken.
LADIES — "Neverfale." Pasteur's celebrated
regulator, $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DAVTES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
CR. KG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union Square: all disease* cured by herbs.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO., 733 Mkt.
DR LAMOTTE*S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure.. 25c: all druggists.
REAL. ESTATE C IT Y~FO |K^ S ALE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE ¦ •
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE .
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE £ AUC TION.
AT AUCTION.
$500— $200 CASH, bal. $5 per month; 3 large
rooms; high basement; good well and pump
on back porch; only 3 blocks to cars; patent
closet; all sewered. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1800— $100 cash, bal. $20 per month; 5
large rooms, new, ready to move Into; beau-
¦ tiful mantel and sideboard; stationary tubs;
porcelain bath and sink; three blocks to sta-
tion; lot 40x100. W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln station, or C. C. Emslie, Ashby station,
Berkeley.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE-^ rooms, modern convenience, bath.
PROPOSALS.
UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, Berkeley—
Notice«to Contractors, Builders and Material
Men : Notice is hereby given to all con-
cerned that sealed proposals or bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition to the Bacon Art Gallery
and Library building on the grounds ; of the
University of California at Berkeley. Ala-
rneda County, California, and said bids or
. proposals will be received at the office of the
¦' Board of Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
or. before 12 o'clock m. of. the 6th day of
June, 1902. And 'notice ' is ¦ hereby' further
civen that the plans- and -specifications of
mass will be celebrated for the repose of, her
¦oul, commencing 8t 8:15 o'clock. ' Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
•McAULIFFE— In this city, May 25, 1902, Pat-
rick, • brother . of Daniel and Edward Mc-
Auliff e, a native of Brosna, County . Kerry,
Ireland, aged 25 years. - . -
ETTne funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at Sacramento, on arrival 'of 7
o'clock a- m. train from San Francisco.
McCARTY— In this city, May 25, Josephine
| E., beloved daughter of John and Josephine
¦ McCarty, and sister of Andrew, William and
John McCarty, a natitve of San Francisco,
• aged 27 years 1 month and 9 days. ,
. IDrFriends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
MUSICAL IXSTRPMEKTS.
AS there are siaay makes of pianos on. the
market, you must remember there Is but
ONE HEINEs, and in order to raak» room
for the 10 carloads now en. routs we will
effer th* following bargains:
N S Etdnwsr * $95 to $280
2 Knabe $85 to $110
8 Weber ...: ~....~..S63 to »15O
6 Hallet A Davis $80 to S1C5
2 Fischer ...$75 to $155
1 Bourne ............................... $40
3 Haynes $235
1 Kittle $2S5
They all must go; easy payments If desired.
HEINE PIANO CO.,
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary et.
ALTHOUGH many eeeiningly advantageous
prepositions axe offered in the way of price*
•tad terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, bat can
offer exceptionally fee pianos and largest
acEortment of best makes to cbposs from.
EKERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
cor. Kearcy and Setter ets., S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth eta, Oakland.
Attention, bargain-hunters!
Second-hand upright pianos from $30 cp.
S«-cond-hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 16 to 20 OTarreH 6t.; Chickerlnj,
.Mason & Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
this week we can supply, while they
"^ list, equares from $25 upward; uprights from
upward. In new instruments we can
"tel! you fine WisEners or Baumeisters. Pay-
ments if you desire. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 763 Market Et.
AKI piano cold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase pries al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
I rice; costs you only 20c a day to buy &
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
O'Farrell et-; established 185C.
fclSo — ELEGAXT large • eize Fischer upright.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAlllgter Bt.
fcell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
era cd upright piano; leaving city. 633 Post.
SOU may want a ciano for rent. 6COTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes Bt. .
•THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st.
Fteck, Everett. Ludwig and other good planoa.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must b«
ecld at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A FINE Steinway upright. left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
ENAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue, $250. Bruenn.208PosC
BIRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post at.; Sohmer
end other pianos and pipe organs.
6CrERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MX'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MATTRESSES A!VD PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and Eternized; upbol-
r.tery Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
«t.: tel. Bueh 421.
Brass iron beds: ma.ttre«9e«: pillows: window
rhad«-». J F- Hott«»r.721 M1n»lon:tel.Main 730.
~ B1I&ES AND MIXING.
BHASTA County gold and copper mine — I have
£00 ehares of stock for sale In a very promis-
ing property; will take $100 for them; will
he worth twenty times the amount in less
than a year hence. Address box 591, Call.
UhlirXS AM) STOKES TO LIST.
6TORE. 30x00. fronting on Natoma et., bet.
r Fremont and First, with good dry elevator
basement 40x00. Inauire 143 Firat «t.'
PALMISTRY.
jaMET~oTTr^CE^R^AA^D~r^dsT'to^4. 700
Poet rt., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
fe. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Teylor tt.. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 881.
rAKTXEUS WASTED.
TTAXTED — A partner in brandy distillery deal-
lng. 437^4 Fifteenth Bt.. nr. San Bruno road.
PHVSICIAAS AKD S17KGEOX3.
eLtTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; ail
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dps. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
rm C. C O'DONNELLi — Office and residence,
2021% Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataract* cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 101ZV, Market.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
HERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; teL Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 841, F. W. Zehfasa.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Alain 1S40; shipping at cut rate*.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pgny. 2520 FHltnore rt. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
f SPECIAL NOTICES.
13AD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 8-10; tel. 65S0.
AT AUCTION.
/ . AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
BY ORDER OF THE
EXECUTORS OF THE
ESTATE OF : ¦ )
ADOLPH SUTRO. DECEASED.
THURSDAY. JUNE 6th, 1902, ! , ,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON. _,
AT SALESROOM, 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
ABHBTJRY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
A6HBURY HEIGHTS.
197 MARINE VIEW LOTS
FOR HOME SEEKERS.
BARGAIN HUNTERS
INVESTORS./
MUST BE BOLD
TO PAY DEBTS.
SUBJECT ONLY TO
APPROVAL OF
PROBATE
COURT. . .
THESE BEAUTIFUL
LOTS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON.
SIXTEENTH STS. AND
TREMONT AVE.
LOOK OUT FOR
BARGAINS.
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG
ASHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY.
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST.
LINES ONLY A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT.
¦UNSURPASSED VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK, GOLDEN GATE AND CITY.
TERMS CASH. • - lj
HIBERNIA BANK t
"WILL LEND ,*«
ONE-HALF OF BELLING PRICE
TO BUYERS.
DON'T FORGET THE DATE,
THURSDAY.
JUNE 6th. AT 12 O'CLOCK.
BALDWIN A HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$4850 — AT a sacrifice to prevent foreclosure ;
lot and 2 flats of 6 and 6 rooms; near corner
Twenty-first and treat ave.: this property
must be sold. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24
Montgomery st., room 3.
(4500 — TO prevent foreclosure, at a sacrifice;
lot 25x00; Improvements two-story house of
8 rooms on Fillmore. st. near corner of
Haight. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery st. .room 3. -
REDUCED — $S250; house of 10 rooms; lot 48x
137:6; fine marine view. 1219 Filbert St.,
bet. Hyde and Larkln.
15 PER cent on cash Investment of $3800; brand
new modern flats: Western Addition; bar-
gain. Box 493, Call. , -
$3500 — FLATS, 3 and 4 rooms; Hyde-st. car;
one flat furnished. Owner 1233 Vallejo Bt.
REAL ESTATE — COli.\TRY — For Sale
'— FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO-^
Email tract*. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
E*n Francisco 1b growing rapidly; location
best tor poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. "for
pamphlets and Information.
FARM8, ranches, city and suburban property
-for sale and exchange; unimproved lands In
large and email tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
QUin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR. Realty and Min-
ing Co.. 713 Market, r. 406; teL James 41£1.
ALTA PUNTA Tract, on San. Pablo ave.; on
electric road to Point Richmond; acreage,
small tracts, $1SO to $250; ¦ selling rapidly;
look at this land now; free carriage. G ¦ W
HAIGHT. 401 California st.. 8. F. ' '
SANTA CLARA County; 4-room house: lot 212
x258; 1 cow; 1 horse and wagon; 60 pigs;
250 chickens, all sizes; 100 laying hens: all
for $1500. A. C. BERGER. Gllroy. Cal.
$650 — SAN JOSE cottage. S rooms,- barn; must
be sold for half Its value. Address J. RUBEL
1209 Eagle ave., Alameda.
EanU Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See . WOOSTER. WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. A Ban J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber. mlnea. EMMONS A SON. Mills bldg.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. «ent to any address In the
United State* or Canaaa. one year for $1.
SEWIWG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; rt-
pairing: lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.-
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 115 Sixth.
«tc; easy payments. MURDOCK. 814 Plna.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE; 1118 BROADWAY. ;-
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$300 CASH, $6 monthly; cottage of three rooms;
good barn, chicken-houses, fine well of water,
assorted orchard; three fine lots. 75xlQ0;
street macadamized; school, church, townhall
and observatory and two grocery stores; over
100 families now located; sandy loam soil; no
fogs nor raw winds here; two blocks from
boulevard and electric car line; adjoining
East Oakland; has a fine grand view; price
In all, $800; a fine bargain. Call or send for
circular, 455 7th St., opposite Broadway sta-
tion, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES. Ownar.
B. E. BUNCE. 952 Broadway— 12 small farms
for sale; investigate; quick for bargains. B
E. BUNCE. 052 Broadway. ' T
Mill Valley Advertisements.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MILL VALLEY — To let, cottage of 2 rooms
and tent furnished for June. July and Au-
gust. Owner. 518 Jersey St., S. F.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB. SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this, month. H.
6CHELLHAA3. 408 Eleventh it. Oakland.
nOOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A^I^L^nTTo^r'fl^SrSs^T^urk^So^'lijttd
cold water baths, electric light* free; fur-
nished or unf ur. ; tel. East 312. Sutter 41.
FOLSOM, 834 — Bay-window and kitchen, bath;
also three furnished, separate or all together.
GEARY, 1012, near Van Ness ave. — 1 sunny
' connecting furnished rooms; telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay window
suite 2 or 3 rooms; bath, laundry, gas range.
GROVE, 104 — Nicely furnished front suite
rooms with gas range.
GROVE, 361 — 3 complete housekeeping rooms;
gas, bath, piano; adults; central; private fam.
LARKIN, '804— Sunny housekeeping suite, $13;
sunny front single room, $5.
MCALLISTER, 530— Nicely furnished suite.
$ll-$7; sink, gas range, bath, laundry, phone.
MINNA, . 546 — Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping. .. • ....
MINNA, 625 A, upstairs — Furnished rooms for
: light housekeeping; cheap.
NATOMA, 217 — Neat, large sunny housekeep-
ing room; gas, closets, baths, stove; for two
nice ladies or respectable workingman and
his wife. . . . : .
OCTAVIA, 1259. cor. O'Farrell — Housekeeping
suite; elegantly furn.;. gas and coal range.
POWELL, 722 — 2 furnished rooms for. house-
keeping; .private family; references ex-
changed. , ¦•.-...• ¦' ' .'¦¦'.' ' .<
SAN CARLOS ave.. 355, bet. 20th and 21st. 3
sunny nicely furnished housekeeping rooms,
with large yard; also use of piano; rent rea-
sonable, i ' ¦ . :¦ - ,
STEINER. 1325. corner Ellis — Two large sun-
ny corner rooms: modern conveniences; gas
stove, etc. ; $18 per month.
STOCKTON, 1206— Model house, newly fur-
nished; free gas, bath; housekeeping; $10-$12,
SUTTER. 313-^-2 furnished housekeeping rooms
rent $12.
THREE sunny furnished rooms . £pr housa*
keeping; no children. . Box 498. Call of flee.
TURK, 645 — Two furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; gas, bath and phone.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unf am.
ANGELUS.'. .................. Open June 1
New • fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished -rooms and. suites; marine view.'
530 Stockton St., bet Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 143 Sixth— Room*.
. 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per .week, aad
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat uunny suites or singles: day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market \ (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished:
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable '
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely t unw rooms, j 35c,
$150 night; $160. $8 .week; open all night.
FOLSOM, 824 — Single rooms . with closet I and
bath,. $1 and $125 per week. ,-.,¦¦ .;' .' . ¦•..; •
GEARY. X 4Q5 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnlsh-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 368 — New house; beautifully furnished
apartments: single or en suite; strictly first-
' class. ; . :. - '- . . \ " , ¦. -. ' : ¦-.-. .¦ . :
eald buildlnir have been made and adopted
and are placed .in above-named office, where
the same may be seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a.' m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said 6th day of
' June. 1902. No bids or , proposals will be
•considered unlens the same are accompanied.
¦ by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
. pceer eaual to. ten (10) per cent of his pro-
'posal.' ¦ with ¦SufflcIehT*'etll*tte»r; conditioned
..that if said bid or nroposal shall be accepted
the party' pronoslng will duly enter Into a
proper contract to faithfully Derform the
duty and obliKatlons in accordance with said
proposal, and Diana and specifications, which
, shall .be. and are hereby required to be a part
of ' such contract.' The right ' to reject any
and all bide la hereby reserved. ' ' -.
This notice Is Klven pursuant to an act en-
titled. "An act to amend an act entitled,
'An act to create and organize the University
of California.' approved ¦ March 25,- 1S68, and
. an act amendatory of section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1872, relating to the con-
struction of buildings, approved^ March 8,
1897.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of .Regents.
W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts,, Navy Department,
Washington. D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
June • 10. 1902. and publicly opened imme,
diately. thereafter, to furnish a quantity of
Bteel plates, rivet steel, forgings and billets.
Blank proposals will be furnished upon appli-
cation to. the Navy Pay Offices, New York
and San Francisco, Cal., or to the Bureau.
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General TJ. S. N.
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department,
Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock noon,
June 10, 1902, and publicly opened imme-
diately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yard. Mare Island, Cal., etc., a quantity of
pickles, salt pork, salt beef, corned beef, ma-
chine tools and coal.' Blank proposals will ba
furnished "upon application to the Bureau or
"to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco, Cal.
A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General TJ. B. N.
MAEEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . *
D Wilmont Haynes, 25, 1192 EIUb street,
and Ruth E. Alken, 17, 1192 Ellis street.
Frank Aramenio. 24, i Five-mile House, and
Louise- LaKomarclno, 19, Colma. -
Robert P. Walte, -.25, 18 Pearl street, and
Helen A. Robertson. 25, 120 Oak ¦treet. %
Dennis J. Toole, 28, city, and Guen Z. Davis,
16, 81,5 Fifteenth avenue.
Antonio Lunardini, 23. 1730 Stockton etreet,
and Lulgla V. Gambarlni, 17, 420 Filbert «t.
Fredrick V, Young. 26, 100 Taylor street,
and Sophie M. Peterson, 20, city,
Frederick B. Creighton, 25, city, and Helen
Hesketh. 22, city.
Ascanlo Pardini. 'Si; 251 Pacific Btreet, and
Florlnda Pardini. 20; 251 Paclflo street.
Earle B, Hall. 25, 113 Stockton street, and
Dorothy David, 17, 512^ Jessie street,
BIRTHS— MARRIAQES— DEATHS.
BORN,
COOIfc— In tills eity, May •*, 1B83, ta the wife
of J,'ti, Cook (formerly Jessie Wisner), twin
sona, •' '. . ,•;.:¦
FITZPATRICa— In this eity, May 83, 1903,
to the," wife ol Thomas F, Fitapatrlck, a
"< daujhtep, -, .." ..
I*A.WltENOB^In this city,' May BB, 18d3, te
the wife of : Joseph C, Lawrence (nea Mur-
phy), a, Bon, . ;" - .'-,¦": . . - . .
RONEY— In this eity, May 8, 1803, to the wife
of F, Q, -Roney, a. son. /¦;¦ '
WALTERS— In thia city; May ' £3," 1869, ' to the
wlfp of. Q,F, Walters, a son, . . . .
' JttABBIED,
JOCHUMPKK— FEUTRIER— In thia eity, May
S>tl r 1U02, byths liev, Q. A, Bernthal, Louis
. Jo jhui'nuen ¦ and . Koae Fautrier, - both of Ban
.Francisco, •• • - . •. . ,¦
SCHWIND^-BHBRWOQD— In this eity May
jg;l, 1902. by the Rev, F, A, Keast, Harry J.
Hclnvind and Mae B, (Sherwood, both of San
.Francisco.. ¦ -"¦ ¦ .., ¦•..'. . •
¦;;.pied.- <-¦ "~
Pell,' Amory F, ' : McCarty,' Jesephlne"
-Buchanan, John Mibach, William P ¦
- Bunker, Samuel Newman, Ellen ''
HENRY j; GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagari & Gallacher.)
' . DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND BMBALMERS
v 20; Fifth ' dt.V. opposite .Lincoln School. - '
<¦.< . -< - ; ¦-> Telephone' South .80. . ...
Mt.OHvet Cemetery,
."NEAREST THE CITY.
Off Ice, 916 Market Street. ; :
,1; Telephone Bush 367. ;
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
• Samuel ' McFadden, : 18 years 'manager for
the United' Undertakers'. Association; M.'J.
¦ McBrearty,'. with the same company for 10
years; P. ,F; Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171' Mission ', St.. between Seventh
; and Eichth." • Telephone South ,44.'...; , j,
(Tuesday), at I) a. m., from the residence
of the parents, 714 Franklin street, thence
to Bt. Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
J oC her soul at 8:30 1 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery", ",<¦,'•'.' "I... ,W. ". .
MIBACH— In this city," May' 20, 1902. William
P., dearly beloved husband of Bessie Mibach,
beloved son of .Agatha and the late Michael
.Mibach, and brother of Joseph, Ida; and the
late Peter J. Mlbach, a native of San Fran-
cifeco, aged 25 years 3 months and 14 days.
. ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
May 21), 1002, at 8:15 o" clock, from hla late
residence, 356 Coroett road, thence to St.
Boniface's Church,- where -.a requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cress Cemetery. . . ¦
NEWMAN — In this city. May 25, 1902, Ellen,
beloved wife of John Newman, a native of
New York, aged 72 years 1 month and -25
days. • . - - .
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor St Co., 767 Mission, street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. "
PERRY — In this city, '. at the residence of her
daughter, Mre. M. L. O'Neal, -400 Gough
street, Sarah Pillsbury, widow of the lat-i
John Rogers Perry, a native of South
Thomaston, : Me., aged 75 years "9 months
and 9 days. . '
!E7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, May. 28, 1902, at 11 o'clock at
the mortuary chapel of 'the Golden Gate Un-
dertaking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriage. ¦ . . - : -
PRATT — In Upper Fruitvale, May 24,- 1902,
Harriet A., beloved wife of Delos Pratt, and
mother of Frank A. and Herman A. Pratt
a native of Ohio, aged 02 years 2 months and
19 days. . .
C^Frlends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday afternoon. May 28, at 2 o'clock
at the parlors of Albert Brown, 468 Thir-
teenth street, 'Oakland. Interment at Moun-
tain View Cemetery. . "
ROWE— In this city, May 28, 1002, Thomas
Henry Rowe. beloved ,husband of Margaret
Rowe, father of Mrs. Mary Higjjlns, Mrs
Annie Sharon and William, Thomas, Charle 8 '
Joseph, George, John, Edward, Jameo'
• Frank, Richard and Anastasia ¦ Rowe and
-brother of Mrs. B. McMahon, . a: nati'vs of
Ireland, aged (33 years.
SAMUELS — In this city, May 23, 1002, at the
.Pacific Hebrew Home, " Isador Samuels, a na-
tive of Prussia, aged 76 yea"rs.
; lETTriende and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
- (Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 1)40 Mission street. Inter-
ment I Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11 -30
o'clock, train from Third and Townsend
• Btreet3. . . . ", .
SMITH — In the City and County Hospital May
20, 1902, John Smith, a native of New York
azed 51 years,
STANLEY— In this city, May 24, 1902, . Mars
A., dearly beloved wife of Fred H.- Stan-
ley, and mother of Tom, Fred and Millie
Btanley, a native of Boston, Mass., aseil 4a
. years 7 months and ID- days, ,
ICTFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to . attend ¦ the funeral services
Tuesday, May 27, at 10:;JO o'clock, at hep
late residence, 4211 Twenty- fourth street, In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage
¦YOUNG— In this, city, May .25, 1902, Charles
• H, Young, beloved father of Mrs, L. Crooks
Clarence E, Young, Mm, W, Williams and
Mis. E, J, Arnold, a native of New Hamii-
shire, aged B8 years 8 months and 12 days
iSanta Crua papers please copy.)- . •
HyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
at 8 o'clock, from ths funeral -parlors •< of
, Porter & White, 122 Eddy street! Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery, , ¦ , . \ -j
¦>:;¦.. ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable . :
107 POWELL ST.ncarELLIS ZSff 505(3
TRAMPS TRY TO. SOB .';.. ,
TWO OF^nN STOCfKMESI
One of the Acstu.^cs Mortally and
an Intended Victim Seriously'
:. Wounded.
BAKER CITY. Or., May 26,-Three
tramps attempted to hold up two ' stock-
men on a: freight train near Huntington
last night.; One of tlie vagrants, a negro
was mortally, wounded and one of the
stockmen received a serious wound, but
will ¦ recover. -.. . < : ,'
• The stockmen, who live on Upper Burnt
River, : were . returning from : the > East
The -tramps crawled into the car through
an end door and commanded the stock-
men to throw up their hands, which order
was not. complied .with. One of the
tramps fired, wounding one of. the stock-
men.'. The wounded ; , stockman crawled
back into the rear, grot his revolver and
opened fire .on the.; tramps.- The ncgrc
was .shot three times and the other twe
tramps, both : white : men. jumped off the
trains The: stockmen believe they killed
oneof the other njtn. . ... :.-;¦•
? The two. wounded: men were brought tc
' this i city and' the '• officers have gone ' in
search - of the I fugitive tramps.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
A3IEHICAX, LIN E.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul.. June 4, 10 am [Phlladel.June 18, 10 am
St Louis-June 11, lOamlSt. Paul. June 23, 10 am
RED STAIt LIS'E.
: NE^V. YORK." ANTWERP. PARIS. "¦ i v \
Zeeland. .' . June 4. . noonlSouthwrk. June IS. t« m
Frlesland.June 11," noonlVaderlnd.June 21, coon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., " '
CHAS. ,P> TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y g{.
BAY AND . RIVEB . STEAMEBS.
Sleamen GEN. ; FRISBIE op MONTICELLO •
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sundajr. 8:45 "a. in., 8:30 p. m. Las/re*
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 8 . p. m., except
Bunday. Sunday. ' 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 1508. T -4n4l T 'C aai
of nee. pier •*. HJssioa-strtet dock. HATCH
,BliOS.\.; -. : . _¦ -¦..; ..,,•:¦ : . , ¦¦ ._ ... /.....McMullen Was Too Rough.
McWilliams Case Continued.
The case of F. W. McWilliams, alias
Crothers, charged with grand larceny,
through, which" the alleged extoruon by
Policeman L. L. Levings was brought to
light, was called in Judge Mogan's court
yesterday. The Judge denied the motion
of ex-Judge Low to dismiss the case on
the ground that the charge should have
been obtaining goods by false pretenses,
holding that it was grand larceny, as the
tJtle to the goods had not been parted
with. Ivow then asked for a continuance
till to-day, as he wanted to call Marc
Augenblick as a witness, and It was
granted.
- Lichtenstadter Gets Dillard's Place.
The whereabouts of William H. Dillard,
the colored clerk and messenger In the
office of United States Internal Revenue
Collector John C. Lynch. Is still unknown
and the Collector yesterday appointed
temporarily Martin Lichtenstadter, a
white mm,- to the vaca.nt position. Dil
lard's wife, a handsome octoroon, is very
much concerned regarding his absence.
She informed the Collector that •Dillard
gave her the whole of his month's salary
when he was leaving to go on his vaca
tion excepting ?8. He did not take a
change of clothing with him and she is
fearful that he may have been the victim
of foul play.
Coast After Many Years'
Absence.
James Lyle of Honolulu Returns to
James Lyle, a prominent shipbuilder of
Honolulu, is. with his wife and daughter,
spending a few days in this city with his
nephew, A. G. Lyle of 153 Alpine street.
They are on their way to Norwich, Conn.
Mr. Lyle is one of the best known ship
builders in the West. He was formerly
located at Portland. Or. He left there
twenty-one years ago to go to Honolulu
to construct a marine railway. He is at
present a member of the firm of Sorenson
& Lyie of Honolulu.
PBO MINENT SHIPBUILDER
IS VISTETNG- JiEPHBW HERS
The case against Policeman L. L. Lev
ings, who is charged with having at
tempted to extort tlje sum of $150 from
Mrs. Darling to square, a case in the
Police Court against J. E. Crothers, alias
McWilliams, was vigorously prosecuted
before the Police Commissioners yester
day afternoon. Chief Wittman had all the
witnesses against Levings on hand to tell
their stories, save Mrs. Darling. • who is
seriously 111 at her home, 913 Dddy street.
Levings was not represented by an attor
ney, preferring to act as his own coun
sel.
Grover Klemmer, who alleges that
with Attorney Douglass he stood
behind a glass door In Mrs. Dar
ling's house and heard Levings
make , the proposition to * square the
case, orrather have the charge reduced
from grand larceny to petty larceny pro
viding Crotherfe would plead guilty, was
called to testify." He testified that on
Levings' first visit to Mrs. Darling's flat
he 'Klemmer) answered the policeman s
ring at the doorbell and showed him into
Mrs. Darling's presence. Klemmer testi
fied that after he let Levings into the
house he (the witness) left it by the back
door and going down into the basement
went upstairs to a do6r leading into the
hallway wher© Levings and Mrs. Darling
were sitting and through the door he
heard Levings make an offer to square
the case for the sum of $150.
TELLS OF SECOND VISIT.
On the occasion of Levings' second visit
to the house Klemmer testified, that he
again heard the policeman make an offer
to square the case for $150. According to
the witness Mrs. Darling tried to get him
to take $100, saying that it was all that
she could afford, but LevingB was firm
and stated that he would not dirty his
hands with the case for less than $150.
Rigid cross-examination, conducted by
the accused policeman, failed : to : shake
Klemmer's testimony.
Attorney Douglass was then called and
corroborated the story of the affair as
told by Klemmer. Chief of Police.Witt
man read the testimony that Douglass
gave in the Police Court to ascertain if the
witness was willing to testify to the same
state of facts again. Levings objected
strenuously to this proceeding, on the
ground that even if the witness told an
untruth under oath in the Police Court
he would not be likely to admit it during
the Inquiry before the Commissioners. The
board overruled the objection and ordered
Chief Wittman to proceed with- the read
ing of the testimony.
<Marc Augenblick, a retail and wholesale
liquor dealer for whom young Crothers
worked, ' testified that Levings told him
that Mrs. Darling offered to pay. him $150
to reduce the case from grand larceny to
petty -larceny. On cross-examination,
however, Levings secured . the | admission
from the witness that he (Levings) had
told the witness that he did not intend to
have anything to do with Mrs. Darling's
proposition.
SOLOMON TESTIFIES.
Attorney .Solomon was called upon to
testify to a. conversation of little import
ance on the case which he had with Lev
ings while the ca6e against Crothers was
pending In the Police Court. Judge Mbgan
testified that at the time Levings is al
leged to have demanded the $150,- a por
tion of which it is alleged he said was for
the Judge, the defendant Crothers was on
the detinue book and the case was not as
signed to any court, a state of facts which
was readily admitted by. Levings and
Chief Wittman for the prosecution.
Mr. Esberg, a partner of M. A. Gunst,
from whom the goods , were stolen by
Crothers. told how Mrs. Darling sought
him, with tears .in her eyes, and tried to
get him to drop the prosecution of the
case. . ¦ .
The matter went over until this even
ing, when the time of the further hear
ing of the case will be set. Mrs. Darling
is said to be too ill to attend the investi
gation, even if it were put over a month.
When the investigation Is taken up again
Livings will introduce the witnesses ror
the defense
The directors of the Builders'. Protective
Association met last night and considered
the proposition advanced by the Brother
hood of Carpen^rs relative to the res
toration of peace between the warring
factions of carpenters. The matter was
referred to a special committee, which
will xneet with a like committee from the
new district council of the brotherhood
to-day, when it. is believed some definite
plan wlll.be agreed upon.
Thus far the fight between the brother
hood and the:- Building Trades Council
has resulted only- in loss of time and ex
pense for the members of the unions af- {
.filiated with the. Building Trades Council,'
who have been called off jobs because
men of the brotherhood were at work
thereon. As the brotherhood carpenters
are all at work they have paid little at
tention to the discomfiture shown by the
members of other unions, . such as the
lathers, plumbers, painters, galvanized
Iron workers and others. The result has
been great dissatisfaction among the rank
end file of the unions, and it is predicted
that a general breaking away , from ' the
Building Trades Council will r*esult s at an
early date.
At a meeting of union No. 4S3 of the
Brotherhood of Carpenters last night it
•was reported that 1609 loyal brotherhood
men were at work in the city, and that
more could find work If they were here.
2t -was also shown that union No. 22, of
¦which P. H. McCarthy Is president > and
¦which was suspended by the brotherhood,
was accepting apprentices In order . to
snake a showing of strength. The state
ment was made that McCarthy, who
realized that he was losing ground, was
resorting to every means at his command
to make a showing of strength. TIm
brotherhood unions now regard their fight
as already won, and great enthusiasm is
manifested in consequence. * •
The boxmakers last night i**nt'©ut their
new schedule of wages, the features of
which have already been published. The
schedule will be referred to the. Labor
Council for ratification, and" ; when that
action Is taken it will go Into effect
The journeymen barbers considered re
ports last night concerning their schedule
of wages, which Is to go Into effect on
June 9. It was reported that the em
ployers, with few exceptions, were favor
able to the proposed raise. The schedule
will be acted upon by the Labor Council
Friday evening.
Brotherhood Men Say That
McCarthy Has Lost
~. His Fight
Wittman Conducts- Prosecu
tion of Case Against
Officer.
Builders Will Discuss
Troubles With the
Carpantera
Policeman Accused of
Soliciting Bribes Is
on Trial.
MAY DECLARE
PEACE SOON
LEVINGS BEFORE
COMMISSIONERS
The report that D. M. Burns as manager
of the boss . campaign in San Francisco
has been supplanted by John D. Macken
zie of Santa Clara seems to have founda
tion^ in fact. It is said that- Burns' in
difference to the fate of Gage waa ona
thing that suggested a change In boss
leadership. There is still another report
that Burns and Kelly have been figuring
together of late, and in their calculations
have not consulted Herrin. The active
politicians connected with the Primary
League appreciate the fact that Macken
zie will endeavor to rally the Gage strag
glers in the several Assembly districts <Ft
San Francisco. Probably the organiza-1
tion known as the Republican Count-/
Committee, of which very little has been
heard since the defeat of Wells and Fis 1 .;
at the late municipal . election in thU
city, will be used as the nucleus for tho
befcses. T. T>. Riordan is chairman of the
committee and Jesse Marks is a member
The story is credited that Burns. Johii
Lynch and Jere Burke declined to handle
the Gage campaign in San Francisco and
that Mackenzie was compelled by the
force of circumstances to take hold of the
machine. The politicians who are gener
ally classed as belonging to the Burns
push use the most significant epithets o£
the boss vocabulary to express their con
tempt for Herrin. Outsiders cannot fully
account for the bitterness. It is known
that Herrin still recognizes Crimmins, al
though the little toss has no following to
speak of. Burns makes no 1 concealment
of his contempt for Crimmins and has
given out the word that he will not do
politics with any man. higfl or low, that
affiliates in any sense with Crimmins. The
politicians in Gage's camp who are in
sympathy with Herrin tell the Governor
that fellowship with Burns i3 the chief
reason of his great unpopularity. Gage is
constantly advised to break with Burn3
and inform the public of the break.
The members of the push committee
may be called together early in June to
consider the advisability of effecting dis
trict organization. As matters now stand
the Primary League and the independent
Rcpublcian clubs are In possession of the
fort, and the indications are that they
will sweep the field on the day of tbe pri
mary election.
McKENZIE REPRESENTS PXTSIT.
There is no gainsaying the fact that
Johnny Mackenzie is an active represen
tative of the pu^h element in politics, amV
with some of the patronage of the watfe.™
front to bestow and much to promise h«
may succeed under cover In effecting or
gr~izatlon In several of the districts. He
will not be so foolhardy as to put
straight-out Gage delegate tickets before
the people, but will seek to trade on the
known loyalty of voters to the party to
elect delegations that can be lined up for
the bosses at Sacramento.
1 It Is In the power ¦ of Republican citl
zeps to ascertain in advance the stand
ing on the gubernatorial question of every
man seeking to represent the voters of
his district in the State convention. De
lay In making delegate nominations and
submitting the names to the people will
excite suspicion. Voters may resolve to
repudiate all tickets made up on the evd
of the primary election. The Primary
League will probably have the several
district tickets published at least tw6 or
three days prior to the day of election.
"All signs in the boss camp strengthen
the report that Gage wiir l>« pulled down
before the ' convention assembles, but the>
machine will nevertheless make a des
perate fight to control th© nominations.
Citizens who are ready to engago in tha
battle for good government and honest
administration of State affairs should re
solve at once- to- register and then lose no
time in seeking alliance with some district
organziatlon : known to be free from, boss
dictation.
The gossip that James A. Louttlt of San
Jcaquin is in the. field as an aspirant for
the Attorney Generalship Is not borne out
by the facts. The ex-Congrressir.an may
be brought forward as a candidate for
Governor In the event of a tie-up at Sac
ramento next August, but he is not now
a candidate. San Joaquin has a candidate
for Railroad Commissioner in the person
of Orrin S. Henderson, and his candidacy
is formidable enough to make- the
friends of N. Blackstock quite uneasy
Followers of Burns Express
the -Utmost Contempt
for Herrin.
He Is Appointed to L9ad
Fight for Gage in
\ This City.
JOHN MACKENZIE
MANAGING BOSS
Adams' Safsaparilla Pills
j (Chocolate 'coated) cure \ Constipation, : Blllous
• ness, Sick Headaches,-; Dyspepsia, j 10c 25c
I DruESists.' ¦ ¦ • • ... • ... ' : % ',
: - -':¦ . • '. ~: ¦' . ' .v * :. . ¦'• ¦¦ ' '
Date of Haaging Set.
Judge • Cook . yesterday, made an order
fixing the ¦ date of Chun Keong's execu
tion at San 'Quentln for ' Friday, August
1. He shot and killed Chin Ging at Wash
ington- street and Ross , alley . on Febru
ary 11 because: he had robbed him of his
wife and: money.'
MitcheirGoldstone "Dies' Suddenly.
Mitchell Goldstone, of ".the . firm of M.
Gcldstone"&,Son. 404 Market street,; died
suddenly ! yesterday ¦ afternoon at 1-35
o clock In front of ; the - Spring} Valley
Water, Works building; at (the -corner of
Stockton and- Geary streets. • He had : been
suffering- with disease of the heart: for, a
long time. He was . a ' native of Germany
and, 72 years "of 'age. ¦~v .::*..! . ;
In; Memory, of Bunker Hill.
¦¦Major' General Hughes, commander of
w ta^ y *^ Depa r. tment - ' of California,
&™ ?Tv er^ I 16 "ational.saJute to.be flred
£&TC£&»2&£! ° V Francisco .harbor
pn ; June 17.'vThls is the one hundred and
o r e Bunklr e Hin annlVerSary:of t " e^att"o
Printed Lottery 1 Tickets.
The cases of Walter Nicholson and Ber
nard Wilhelms. employes 1 of the- Pacific
Lithographic Company. 537. Washington
street, charged with atdlng and abetting
a lottery,' were tried before Judge Fritz
yesterday. '¦; Nicholson; was Convicted and
ordered. to pay a fine, of^,$100.- -and the
charge against Wilhelms was dismissed.
This is the - second . fine of $100 - Imposed
upon people. connected with this company
within • two i weeks, and on each: occasion
a- large number of lottery/ tickets were
Captain. Martin Arrested.
A warrant was issued yesterdaiy after
noon by . United States . Court . Commis
sioner Heacock for the arrest of Captain
Martin:. of • the transport Buford and the
first mate on a charge of cruelty to the
cook. The cook alleges that they triced
him up by the thumbs and otherwise mal
treated him- :
Chin ,Suey Is a Native American.
United States '^Commissioner Heacock
yesterday allowed Chin Suey,*. a Chinese
female, to be landed, the evidence having
satisfied' him that she was a native of
Michigan , Bar in this State.' Chin Suey
had- been denied a landing by the 'Col
lector of the Port and attempted<to com
mit suicide a few. weeks, ago. by- jumping
Into the. bay from the deck of a'steamer
Will j Speak on Colorado.
Gilbert McClurg,! secretary of the Colo
rado Springs Chamber, of 'Commerce, will
deliver^' lecture at the Y. :M. C. A. Audi
torium .this evening entitled "Peak, Pass
and Plain.':,; The lecture be illus
tratedvwith over. 200, views of picturesque
Colorado. The public. is' invited to attend.
r*o admission will be charged.
Steamship Valencia Libeled.
F. A. Childs, Grant D. Miller,, W. . J.
Russell, W. C.Cavltt and Grant C. Smith
flled a libel yesterday in the, United States
District Court against the steamship Va
lencia to recover damages in the sum of
$7000. The complaint alleges that* on May
26, 1900, the libelants paid . $75 each for
second-class passage , to Cape Nome, and
that in violation of the contract they were
placed in the, steerage and fed on bad
food* ;*-.' . ¦-' :¦' I-*."';'-.'''-/-. ¦• - • *
Kelly's " Second Trial.
Tne second trial of Thomas A. Kelly on
a' charge of forgery was set by Judge
L.awlor yesterday . for June 16. At the
first trial he was convicted, but appealed
to the Supreme Court and was granted a
new trial. • While clerk of one of the po
lice court3 it was alleged that he forged
names to worthless bonds.
Lieuttnants Pass Examination.
The civil service examination of • Police
Lieutenants John B. Martin. M. O. Ander
son, George Birdsall and John Mooney for
promotion to be captain has resulted suc
cessfully, each passing the examination in
the order named. Inasmuch asi there are
only two vacancies to be filled, Martin and
Anderson will wear .the coveted chevrons.
Deasy Deserts His Wife.
A. T. Beach. 314 Ellis street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Mogan's c*urt yester
day charging. Thomas Deasy with desert
ing his wife and two children for another
woman, Mrs. Delia Westwood, with whom
he has been living" In. a house on Sutter
street. Mrs. Deasy and her two children
are living in Victoria, B. C. where Beach
says. Deasy was at one time Chief of
Police. .
The Erie Railroad.
..Beginning on June 15 next -will inaugurate a
new limited train service between- Chicago, New
York",and v Bost6n,.\ leaving; Chicago" at *10:30
every morning; and .arriving .in' New "York at
3:30 the next', afternoon, with a Boston sleeper
; rcacljlng ,thcre^the se4ond : evening. ..Travelers
going.. East .will find!, In. this train
that ' comfort "'arid luxury can suggest or de
ma ndr^PMl I man drawing-room sleeping cars of
the . latest type; : unequaled dining-car j service
v/lth mpals-at popular prices; fast -time over a
track mad* perfect with rock ballast' and mada
safe, "hy '.the operation of the' block -signal anr"
intfrJccking system. '.
If you have not seen the beautiful valleys of
the -." Susquehanna' and' Delaware 'rivers tra
versed by the Erie' you have missed one of
the most delightful sections of the East' >
Be sure that your tickets read via thV-Eria
Railroad.; ;^i.-.v- \, .. ¦':-, * . ¦*;,;.¦. .••„•¦¦.. 1
Carried Knockout DropW.
Henry (Otto was arrested ; about a week
ago by Policeman Cavanaugh and booked
on a charge of vagrancy. When searched
a small bottle was found in his^'pocket,
which was senttto.:the City Chemist to
be analyzed. He reported^yesterdaythat
the bottle contained chloral hydrate, corii
monly called "khock-dut drops;"-and Otto
was booked at the, City "Prison for. having
knock-out drop8,:ln, his'" possession! ylt is
said that 'his father is a wealthy hat and
cap merchant in Stockholm, Sweden. Otto
declares he had the stuff, in his possession
as medicine.. . .-..•'•' - .- . \ ¦¦ -.
Sentenced for Assault.
\ Thpmas Brady and James McKeever,
who pleaded guilty to simple ' assault in
Judge Dunne's court for shooting at Po
liceman Cailajian In September last "dur
ing the strike, appeared for sentence yes
terday. The Judge sentenced each to pay
a fine of $180, with. the alternative of
ninety days in the County Jail.
A Narrow Escape.
Thomas . Green and Charles McGifford
had an exciting experience Sunday after
noon while fishing off California City, and
were it not for the crew of the quarantine
boat off San Quentln they might have
fared badly. A sudden squall washed
their oars overboard and the tide began
to carry them out -to sea. Fortunately
their drifting boat ran near the quaran
tine ¦• boat and they were picked up and
taken aboard. .
City Denied a Rehearing.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday denied a rehearing* in the
case of Joseph W. Mather vs. the City
and County of San Francisco In the mat
ter cf Dupont street bonds. The United
States Circuit Court a few months ago
decided the case In favor of the city, but
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals reversed this judgment and decided
In favor of Mather. The city. asked for
a rehearing and .this request was denied
yesterday. Five other suits against the
city and county on Dupont street bonds
and coupons were pending and judgment
has been entered • in accordace with the
opinion of the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals. • ' . ;
Philomath Club's Performance.
The Philomath Club of this city gave its
annual theatrical entertainment yesterday
afternoon at Native Sons'- Hall. The
"Corner Lot Chorus;" a one-act. farce, by
Grace L. Furniss,\.was'rendered;with suc
cess. Mrs. William Greenbaum, as Sprig
gle Van Der Hunk, and Mrs. S. S. Kahn
were especially' good.- Other ladies that
took part were Mrs. W. L. Mack, Mrs. M.
C. Sloss, Mrs. Julius Trlest, Miss Edith
Bsberg, Mrs. A. Abrams, Mrs.rL. Lewin,
Mrs. I. J. Wiel. Miss Adele ' Wellsjch
rendered a violin solo. The play was pro
duced under the- stage direction' of Mr.
Leo Cooper. ¦ .. ;.
Doctors Wanted in Manila.
On June.' J7? 18 an examination ¦ will be
held in, San Francisco and other cities for
the positions '-of . medical ; inspector and
physician, in 'the- Philippines service, at a
salary of $1800 to $2000 per annum. These
positions are in. the Philippines CivilHos
pitql, Bilibld* prison, San Lazaro Hospital
and under the Board .of Health! ; and in
some-, instances 'Include quartersin addi
tion.to the^salarles. • Some of , the appoint
ments from the medical examination may
be made to 1 the "position . of president of
provincial boards of health at salaries of
less than. $2000 per annum. Persons who
desire, to 'enter this examination should
apply to the -United States, Civil Service
Commission. Washington, D. C, or to the
secretary, of 1 the local board of examiners,
Postofflce,- for application forms 304 and
375. which should be filed with the com
mission at, the earliest- practicable date.
To-Morrow (Wednesday) Morning
The public -v^lll once more be grateful for
the opportunity they are going to have at
the opening of the gigantic clothing as
signee sale. Mr. P.'C. Kelly will see that
every person is well taken care of. There
will be plenty of clerks to wait-on you.
Come around to-day and have a look at
the beautiful men's suits. The windows
display them, the store is full of them.
Don't try to talk to the men, for they
will be busy getting the stock ready for
the sale. ! Your- time- will be to-morrow;
your $4 65 will do the talking. At this
remarkable price the D. M. P. clothing,
consisting of Thlbets and pure clay
worsted diagonal, in blue and black,
brown, oxford fancy cheviots and cassl
meres. strictly all-wool men's suits, worth
none less than $10. wholesale,; will, be sold
for $4 65 when the clothing assignee's sale
begins to-morrow at the Boston, 773 Mar
ket street, near Fourth. • ¦ '•. - -• ¦ ,¦¦ •
CHARGES RELATIVES WITH
CONSPIRING TO KILL HIM
Filippo Caldarello, Who Was Shot
Last November, Sues Brother and
Nephews for Damages. ¦:"'¦
Filippo Caldarella. »-ho was shot In the
back last November Vy some one of. his
relatives/ filed' a suit for $10,600 damages
yesterday against his brother,- Louis Cal
darello. and his nephews; George and
Michael". Caldarello. . The plaintiff alleges
that the shooting was the result of a con
spiracy formed by the defendants to
cause his death. The Caldarellas up to
the time of the shooting kept a fruit
store on 'Third street. Filippo alleges that
his father always hated him and wished
him out of the way, and that he found
ready accomplices in his two sons.
Judgments of Lower Tribunals Af
firmed in tfour Causes Sent Up
• for Settlement. •/.
Judges Gilbert, Ross and Hawley occu
pied the. bench yesterday at the session
of the United States Circuit Court o£ Ap
peals and handed down opinions 'as fol
lows: . ¦ ; . ' . '""¦.-.
Alaska United Gold/Mining Company, vs. Pat
Keatins— District ' Court of Alaska; Judgment
affirmed. . ,..v;... .,: • > ... , ....
Excelsior Wooden- Pipe Company -vsJ city of
Seattle— Circuit Court, .Northern District of
Washington:? Judgment 'affirmed. *•-. \ •
William A. 'Clark and J. Rosa Clark,, under
the firm name' of. W. 'A. Clark' &. Brother — Cir
cuit Court of Montana: Judgment .afttmed.
Yee N'Goy vs. United States of America —
District Court. Northern District of California
— Judgment of the. District Court affirmed.
r.hich had been left in trust for her by
her grandparents. Charles A. Smith, who
for a number of years has. been an em
ploye of tho ' Southern Pacific and Santa
Fo railroads,' is now a prosperous dealer
in" draft horses, having embarked in this
business a • week or . so previous to his
marriage. . %
DECISIONS BY UNITED '
STATES APPEAL COURT
. . .- -.* * • ¦ • • ¦ «<•
YOUNG • PEOPLE WHO OVER
CAME MANY OBSTACLES TO
•HAPPINESS. .:..'¦;; ; " '•
Members of Well-Known Society Will
¦'¦¦ Journey to Fairfax Park on ',
Decoration Day.
The annual picnic of the Young Men's
Catholic Union will take place next Fri
day. May 30, at Fernbrook Park. This
well-kncwn society always gives a most
enjoyable outing. Special boats will .be
run at short intervals In order to accom
modate the large crowd which is expected
to attend. • - .
A number, of games and athletic events
have been arranged for and there will be
numerous chances for young and old,
thin and fat people to distinguish them
selves. A grand array of gate and gams
prizes; are to be distributed among the
fortunate ones. The band will cross the
bay on the 9 o'clock boat and will dis
course music for dancing all day.
T. J. Hansen has. been chosen floor
manager and P. F. Callan will act as his
assistant. Following are the committees
In charge: ' .
Floor committee — J. Dunne. M. Kiley, P. J.
Carroll, M. J. Hesslon. F. Bice and 1^. Mar
tenelli. Game committee — J. M. Callan. J. VI*
zard and M. Coturri. Reception committee —
E. P: McAulif. J. O'Connor, J. E. Martin. "W.
H. Philpott. D. F. Ahearn. W. C. BHUngton.
J. O'Brien and Rev. J. F: Byrne.
CATHOLICS WZLL HOLD
> ANNUAL GRAND OUTING
Until After Speculative Period
'" Has Passed. ' '
Merchants Vote for Change of Policy
The. members of the' Dairy- Exchange
held , a . meeting:, yesterday afternoon and
decided after, a thorough discussion to
eliminate the' exchange's quotations until
the 1st of next September. J By that time
it is expected that, the speculative period
will have been passed and that the mar
ket will have become firm enough to es
tablish a standard. .
' By suspending the quotations for the
time being the exchange has succeeded in
perpetuating its own existence, for it is
certain that had a change of policy not
been adopted several of ' the most im
portant firms' connected -.with, the ex
change would have broken 'a^v-ay.
The quotations are .the only portion of
the exchange's system that - has been
changed. The statements and receipts
will be 'Issued as usual. When the meet
ing was. called to order yesterday after
noon the eight firms which led the fight
rfcalnst the continuation of the quota
tions while speculation is in progress were
requested to withdraw and arrange their
demands In such a. form as might best be
presentedto the meeting.' Theeight firms
did so, and they also decided to inform
the other members of the exchange that
they reserved the right to break away at
any time that the policy of the exchange
became obnoxious to. them. • . '¦ -
The .suspension of the quotations will
leave all the wholesale dealers in butter,
eggs and cheese free to set their own
prices on those commodities. It will also
•result in the shippers or producers receiv
ing better'.prices for their produce.
QUOTATIONS SUSPENDED
. BY DAIRY EXCHANGE
jc^ HARLES A. SMITH and. Florence
/T Smith were married at Reno on
(I . the 16th inst. Smith, who is a
v^^ son of C. A. Smith of the draying
. firm of McNab & Smith, was mar-,
ried in 1S95 to the woman he left to .wed
his new wife. He. and his former wife
lived very happily for several years, two
children being born" to them.; Then Smith
met Miss Florence Smith, the charming
daughter of Ferdinand Smith, the' broker,
and fell in love with her, and the young
woman 'returned his affections. ' Finally
the, former Mrs. Smith filed a suit for, di
vorce, charging her husband with deser
tion.. The* suit never came up for trial,
as a dismissal was filed, both Smith and
his wife agreeing to try and forget their
little differences and. the presence of the
broker's daughter. ' ' '
But It was not to be, for two, months'
after the dismissal of Mrs. Smith's suit
Smith brought "an action for divorce on
the ground of desertion, . which was fol
lowed within a few days by a suit flled
against Florence Smith by Mrs. Smith for
$50,000 damages for alienation of- affec
tions.
Mrs. Smith was granted a divorce on
the 16th inst., leaving Smith free to wed
Florence. They went' to Reno, and'fiye
days after the divorce was granted be
came husband and wife, the first Mrs.
Smith in the meantime contenting herself
with the custody of the offspring of her
marriage to Charles A. and a liberal set
tlement. • -¦ —
The suit for damages will be dismissed
within a few days, and the Smiths. Annie,
Charles and Florence, will be contented.
Mrs. Smith the second is quite wealthy,
having received upon her twenty-first
birthday a fortune aggregating $30,000,
COLONEL CHAMBERLAIN
TO LEAVE FOR MANILA
War Department Appoints New Chief
Inspecting Officer fof Depart
ment of California.
Lieutenant Colonel Chamberlain, who
has been chief inspecting officer of the
Department of California since April, 1901,
has been ordered to the Philippines for
duty. Colonel Peter D.- Vroom, who has
been on duty at Governors' Island, New
York, will be his successor. Colonel
Chamberlain is a great favorite among
the officers of the department and general
regret" is felt that ne must leave. He is
best known through his work in connec
tion with the transport service at - this
port.
About - thirty recruits and casuals, 'in
command of Captain E. C. Carey, Thir
tieth Infantry, have . been ordered to
leave for Manila on the Buford, which Is
scheduled to sail on June L Other officers
who will leave on the Buford are Captain
Hershel Tues, First Infantry: Captain H.
B. Dixson. .Ninth Cavalry; Lieutenant 13.
P. Thompson, Twenty-sixth Infantrv, and
Captain W. S. Scott, First, Cavalry.
•Eighty Italian fishermen, headed by
Farce , Domenico, put on sackcloth 'and
ashes yesterday when they were inform
ed'Uhat 'Judge Nde Haven's judgment
awarding them $4000 had been reversed
by the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals. * _ ._
The fishermen brought suit In the Unit
ed States District Court last year to\re
cover $100 each on a labor contract. The
evidence was that they contracted with
the Alaska Packers' Association to go on
one of the association's steamers to Alas
ka ana work as sailors and tlshennen,
they to receive certain sums in propor
tion to the number of pounds of salmon
caught and other sums for working on
the vessel. , The men became dissatisfied
with the result of the season's catch and
ac Pyramid Harbor, Alaska, they struck
for $100 each over and above the contract,
and threatened to leave the vessel in a
bedy if their demand was not acceded to.
The superintendent explained to- them
that he had no authority. to rescind or
alter the contract made with the com
pany, but was obliged to make a con
tract for the additional JSOOO. It was im
possible for him to have obtained at that
place laborers to take the place of the
strikers to navigate the. vessel home.
OPINION OF INTEREST.
The opinion of the.' Circuit Court of Ap
peals was written by Judge Ross. It will
prove, of great interest and importance
to labor unions and employers of labor.
The opinion goes on to say:
From 5 the foregolne statement of the case
it will have been seen that the litigants agreed
in writing for a certain stated " compensation
to render their services to appellant in re
mote waters, where the season for conducting
fishing operations is exceedingly, short, and in
which enterprise appellant had a large- amount
of money invested; and after having entered
upon the discharge of their contract, and . at
a time when it was impossible for the com
pany to secure other men in their places, libel
ants, without any valid cause, absolutely re
fused to continue the services they were under
contract to perform unless the company would
consent to pay them more . money. Consent
to such ' a demand under such circumstances,
if given, was, in our opinion, entirely without
consideration, for the reason it was based
solely upon the Ilbelants" agreement to render
the exact services and none other that they
were already under contract to render.
BROKE OBLIGATION.
* Th» case shows that they willfully and arbi
trarily, broke that obligation. As a matter of
course they -Jwere liable to the company in
damages, and it is . quite probable, as sug
gested by the • court below,, that they might
have been unable to respond ih damages. But
we are unable to agree with the conclusion the
superintendent gave the men that he had no
power to alter the original '¦ or to make a new
contract, and it would, of course, follow that
If he had no power to change the original he
would have no authority to waive any rights
thereunder.
•Judge Ross then quotes from King vs.
Duluth MV&-R. Co. 61 Minn., as follows:
No astute reasoning can change the plain
fact that the party who refuses to perform
and thereby coerces a promise from the other
party to the contract 'to pay him an increased
compensation for doing that which he' is le
gally bound to do j takes an unjustifiable ad
vantage of the Interests of the other party.- 1
Judgment' reversed and- cause remanded,
with Instructions to enter Judgment for the
respondent, with costs.
The marriage of Barbara Angelo^ch to
Frank Angelovich was annulled by Judge
Troutt yesterday because the consent of
Mrs. Angelovich to -the ceremony had
been obtained by intimidation. The wed
ding took place at the City Prison last
November, where Mrs. Angelovich and
Angelovich were confined on a charge of
vagrancy; both having been arrested at
the Olympic Theater by Police • Officer
Coleman. Angelovich. was convicted and
sentenced to six months' imprisonment in
the CouriTy~ Jail, but Miss. Partman was
acquitted; Before the trial, however, An
gelovich, by means of threats to kill her
family, "even unto the fourth genera
tion," prevailed upon her to become his
wife. Mrs. Angelovich, fearing that the
release of her husband, which will occur
within a few days, will be the means of
bringing her. once more in touch with the
police, prefers single blessedness, hence
the suit for the annulment of her mar
riage. „• . . " '
Florence Homan was granted a divorce
from Edward Homan, proprietor of the
Midway Plaisance, by Judge Graham yes
terday. She secured the decree on a cross
complaint charging desertion. -
Charles E: Morse, an engineer in the
employ of the Pacific ' Mail Steamship
Company, who is being sued for divorce
by Minnie Morse, in an answer and cross
complaint tiled yesterday denies .his wife's
charges and accused her of treating him
cruelly. He alleges also that she is not
a- fit person to -have the custody of their
two .children, and asks the court to grant
him a divorce and award :him the custody
of the children. ' " . "
Lucile Mathews, a member of the livoll
chorus, is suing Oscar Mathews for di
vorce, alleging that- for the last year he
has.* tailed, to provide for her. She asks
permission to resume her maiden name,
Morgan. They- were married in October,
1900.;- •. ¦ . . - :
• A suit for divorce on the ground of de
sertion was commenced yesterday by
Marguerite Westlake against Leonard J.
"Westlake. She alleges that Westlake
abandoned her in Alameda two years
after their marriage at Sacramento.
.Thomas B. Eagan of the construction
department of the United Railroads has
been cited to appear before Judge" Kerri
gan June 2 to show, cause why he should
not be punished for failing to pay his di
vorced wife, Mary Eagan, alimony for the
months of April and May at the rate of
565 a month. ' ' -^^
Frank T. Wheeler, who was married to
Addie A.. 'Wheeler at Portland, Or., in
July, "1S95, fUed. a suit for the annulment
of his marriage yesterday. He alleges
that Mrs. Wheeler was the wife of O. C.
Baldy. at the time she became his wife,
and that her marriage to Baldy had never
been dissolved. '.
Divorces were I granted : yesterday -to
Charles Carr from Lillian Carr. for deser
tion.' Minnie A. Vogelgsang from Fred G.
V.ogelgsangfor neglect and G.' F. Keetly
from Marion Alice Keetly for cruelty.
Agreements Under Coercion
to Raise Wages Are .
¦^V : ' — : : •¦
Tivoli Chorus Girl Sues for
Divorce for Failure
Decides That Frank An
gelqyich Intimidated
« • Miss Partman.
Judge Ross Lays Down
the Law for the
Workers.
TROUTT ANNULS
JAIL MARRIAGE
LABORERS MUST
KEEP CONTRACTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TOESDAY, MAY 27, 1902.
Son of Prominent^ Drayman Weds the ; Young
v Woman Who Was the Gause\ of Suit f or
Divorce That Was Brought by His Wife
RENO MARRIAGE ENDS
THE SMITHS' TROUBLE
Mrs. Octavla L. Bradfield, 1010 Bush
etreet, swore to a complaint before Judge
Cabaniss yesterday, charging J. A. Mc-
Mullen, a real estate agent, with battery.
She alleged that McMullen called at her
house Saturday about some business, and
ehe went to the telephone to communi
cate with her attorney. McMullen ob
jected and, grabbing her by the shoulders,
forced her away from the telephone.
About six months ago Mrs. Bradfield had
McMullen arrested for obtaining mony by
'.alse pretenses, but the case was dls
lissed by Judge Fritz.
14
' A*n'X77^TTR'PrTtrT»'ypr<c^
T. H. CORCORAN ?* CO.f
SPECIAL 3-D ATT SALE. " v - *
BGOS, fcBoy iel;et:d kia«, Z inn 45.
fara 1Ved da " 7 fr ° m HI * :{llaa 'i**wJuitry
ISA. lay of»M«Oap«riiklai. perlb 45^
Don't b« afraid to try this—* pickup *
R^^loc."*" 7 " ICr0Und whn * m"-*^
rMUB, extra faaUy ronir. 10 Hi. . f^l
This ijrthe b««t; mak-a white bread.""" }
HlCASONi S?AeHSTTI«TBBW0XLLLk«x" 2C»
dSR- 'T:.^ fl0Ur> •** w * recelv *
PSACHX8.-rB.Ut8 and APaiC0T8. Ubh klaf. ¦
• «»«• tUm.
Put-up in 2t4-lb Una; packed 'ik"i££
SALMON, txtra eboim re* kiai. 3eui tS*
Very latest Alaska pack. Her. 10c. *
PBUNI8. t&a siea blttk kind, 4 lbs _.. y,
Packed in boxes. Ues. 3 lbs 25c
8SAPX HITTB, Us 15« piak*g», 2 j*ei»?»"i. •&»
Nlc« brain food. 8 ***
?0S ft2 M »"*V L> "*"* lft * l * ****** tt *«e«f-
Thsy t»y it makes red blood! Rej" 'isi.
S2LATIKS, Xasx'a Qnaalitsi. mt raskart ic»
It's not like pte;- It's 'Healthful. ""*
Re». 12HC pkg.
80AP. 8»ai, Urg» sakss, I ftr: «.
A^labor saver; no kitchen .hould b4"irtta-
0A8TILS, tie, feaniat Tr»a«!i kiai. per Wr +$,
The cheai>e«t and best toUtt wap " to "u*».
MATCHES, V»l«eji Ina*. jarUj, per jickirt 53.
j Kaoh pk» contain* 144 aman boxes. "
Res. 00c.
WIHD0W SCaXIH, a gaod itrtag n» ft r . . . 15-
Why should you b» bothered -with flieaV
WHXAT, lar j. flakat, Ee lb kla«, a ull - „
Thi« makes a healthy dish for 'the""utu,
HAH, Drrlhd, larft iIm .ana, par datsa. . . . .- o,,-
Make. nic« sandwiches. Re*, prfc. lOc'caa"
W^ck^nTlh^rLr " e * OhlS «m9«-» N
, 12O1 VALENCIA ST. ' )
S. K. Corner Twenty-thfrd. Phone atl9«ion 8c
0 — — 0
MAR J^2^£«i»«i»»<i*^Ba
Live in a Trunk?
v Yes— if you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to-
«!. MARTY, Man'S'r,
p. 826 Howard St.. S.F.
•^I»teJ- WeakE ye*8trenathenerfr^
! • s §rz£ i%& Painful or Inflamed eyes la- V
»tantly relieved with GEORGE
*sSjSWf MAYEELE'S German E7«
VVater. 60c, at 1071 MarWsl
'^WKwT il - Tel. South 872. < None gen-
ulae -without tu« trademar*.
CL-f- iill ft I ll J[ us ? d in thesc I
Wnlm%MliHlmM> /^ suitsare de- 1
• • l4\\wmMMtiiMti}M^sM 1 1 e h t fully I
W V»/ /Hfll I 1 ! '& "lar. $37.50 to $45.00 val-
f If \ if] 7 // •] JJ ues— just the material -•"
' MM/ II I / ' !t i! for traveling or outing
P ' III lit II ill I I SUIts - Wc w i"- make
P Ml lull ll I • ' th «" up for a short time •
a // a i i for
K/ f I $30.00 a-.;.
l\ \l\l I ' ,' : ' This is an opportunity
/] If I ] MM • that ladies who know 1 7 i;
JJ I ft jj [ J 1 U the high qualities of the
h . I ! I Keller tailoring will' not
MT fill 1 I ' jfi care to miss. Don't put
In fjj j ii < it off, but come ' inline*' -
/W ' Ml I 1' I \[l ' diately and order one of
m Mill I l I if 1 ' "these suits. -~ T -*tv
fjl I |i§ll§I ' '
MS lit ¦ Hi iiliWI O28-030 MARKET ST.,
ySllwr 1 1 iSlff also^lawd co#