ARGUMENTS as to whether or not Police Judge Frits,
after having accepted the bonds of John D. Spreckels and
W. S: Leake, charged with libel on complaint of Governor
Gage, had jurisdiction under the code to proceed with the.prelim
inary hearing of the case, were made yesterday before Judge
Frits by A. A. Moore, representing Governor Gage, and Colonel
E. F. Preston, representing Messrs. Spreckels and Leake. Moore
contended that no magistrate had the right to try the case or hold
the preliminary hearing .but .the Justice of the Peace who issued
the warrants. Judge Frits took the matter under advisement.
He will render his decision next Tuesday.
; If the' arguments did not develop any
thing else they settled beyond a shadow of
a doubt that Governor Gage thinks San
Pedro has "any old place ' on th6 map
beaten to a pulp" when it comes down to
trying editors for libel. It also gave the
attorneys for Messrs. Spreckels and
Leake a chance to make a flat-footed an
nouncement that if the court did not see
fit to bring out.the facts here in this city,
under a preliminary examination upon
the libel charge they were ready and will-;
ing to unbosom 'themselves and clear
themselves of Governor Gage's charge on
any slab of ground within . the four
boundary lines of the State. '}- "'/ '. ¦i.-.WJ?
so heartily that Judge Fritz had to rap
for order.
: N The case was . first called when Judge
Fritz took the bench at 10 o'clock yester
day morning. After a brief morning, ses
sion the matter was laid over until 3
o'clock in r the afternoon, when it was
fully gone over, by both contending
forces. Judge Fritz took . the matter un
der; advisement and , announced that _ he
would render his decision ! next Tuesday
morning.' ' -r^-'r. .:'/;•-,;->; iv,; . 1 _,
Colonel Preston's argument was backed
up by -different sections of the , code,
which , delegated to a , police magistrate
the right to j call for the witnesses and
the facts any time he saw fit to admit
defendants to bail, whether the warrants
were sworn out Un San Pedro or Kala
mazoo. I
Executive's Attorney Contends That Judge
Fritz Cannot Hear Case.
jj The following i3 a, . verbatim report of
the principal part of the proceedings:
' The Court — Proceed, gentlemen, with this
matter.
»- Mr. ¦ Preston — If your Honor please: The
defendants in this case are brought before your
Honor on a warrant of arrest issued by a
Justice of. the Peace of ¦Wilmington Township,
for a misdemeanor, to wit, criminal libel. An
application was made to your Honor for ball,
and your Honor admitted the defendants to
ball and discharged them from ' custody. The
defendants now ask your Honor, aa a commit
ting magistrate — they having been brought be
fore; you— to proceed with the preliminary ex
amination. .
'. Criminal libel and its Jurisdiction In this
It is announced that a gigantic con
solidation has been decided upon. The
packing: houses that have agreed to form
the big combine are what is known as
the "big four," and are Armour & Com
pany, Swift & Company, Nelson Morris
& Company and the G. H. Hammond
Company. Other concerns may be ad
mitted. Even without additions the com
bination of the capital of the four firms
will make the stupendous centralization
of wealth.
CHICAGO, June 2O.-The Chronicle will
say to-morrow: A New Jersey corpora
tion rivaling the United States Steel Cor
poration In magnitude is projected. It
plans to be a billion dollar concern. It
may be called the American Meat Com
pany.
Feur Great Companies Slay Combine
and Eival Steel Corporation
in Capital.
HEAT-PACKEBS PLAN
BELL-ION DOLLAR TBUST
SCENE IN POLICE JUDGE A, J. FRITZ'S COURT WHEN THE QUESTION AS TO WHETHER OR NOT THE LO
CAL MAGISTRATE HAS THE JURISDICTION TO PROCEED WITH THE PRELIMINARY HEARING OF THE
GAGE LIBEL CASE WAS BEING ARGUED BY COUNSEL.
Mr. Spreckels was on hand to imbibe
the pyrotechnic oratory. He sat next to
Mr. Preston, and next to . Mr. Preston
sat General W. H. L. Barnes, who rep
resented Mr. Leake. Governor Gage's at
torney did not sit anywhere long enough
to gain a permanent anchorage. He bobbed
up and down and up and down, and when
he did not emit something flatter
ing about San Pedro he talked , sheep,
whereat the newspaper fraternity pres
ent and others in the courtroom laughed
Mr. Moore had his inning and he talked
San^Pedro and Wilmington township un
til nearly everybody in the courtroom
gleaned the impression that the obscure
little town down in Southern California,
where one has to row three miles across
a bay to an island to get a square meal
and a room big enough to keep one from
going out in the hall to turn over in bed,
was a spot by a special dispen
sation of Providence for the purpose of
trying editors for criminal libel.
MOORE HAD HIS INNING.
After hours of argument E, F. Preston,
attorney for Mr. Spreckels, smiled bland
ly and said, "We have dragged this' case
from Runnymede to the sheep country
and my learned friend, Mr. Moore, has
failed to advance one good reason why
this preliminary examination could not
be held here before this court."
his footrace to catch up with rival aspir
ants for the gubernatorial nomination.
Governor Gage's attorney, A. A. Moore
of Oakland, was present in the court
room and he lost no time in announcing
In a rather dramatic fashion * i.nat he was
there to protest against Judge Fritz or in
fact any other local police magistrate
turning the calcium of a fair investiga
tion on the charges which the Chief Ex
ecutive of the State has laid at the door
of Messrs. Spreckels and Leake. Judging
from the frantic efforts Attorney Moore
made in behalf of scooping Mr. Spreck
els and Mr. Leake and all of the 'business
men and others interested in the case into
a drai\net as it "were and hauling them
off to San Pedro forthwith, it would seem
that Governor Gage is as anxious to
cause everybody as much inconvenience
in his mad race for vindication as he is in
to. against John D.
Spreckels, proprietor of The Call, and W.
S. Leake, manager of the paper. Gover
nor Gage's desire to hold the trial which
will furnish the public a dainty morsel of
scandal away down in Wilmington town
ship was laid bare yesterday before
Police Judge Fritz, when he announced
himself ready to listen to arguments as
to his jurisdiction over the case so far
as holding the preliminary examination in
the case is concerned.
* * f AN PEDRO or bust"
W © v!»»^ seems to be Governor
Gage's motto in the
a. j prosecution of the libel
**^ " charges he has sworn
All Nome is awaiting with feverish anx
iety further news from the Portland. The
vessel was in such position when
last seen as to give little hope that she
would get clear of the ice pack. It Is
feared that, once carried into the Arctic,
she may never be heard of again. Even
though the Portland escapes being crush-
There is much danger of the ship be
ing crushed in the straits. If bhe got
through the straits and failed to find a
lead to eastward or westward by which
she could get clear of the pack, she will
be carried into the Arctic Ocean, and, fall
ing to get clear of the ice, may ultimately
by wrecked by heavy floes farther north.
In the event of her not getting crushed,
she will be greatly delayed and no doubt
will run short of supplies and fresh wa
ter.
Among the Portland's passengers are
forty-six San Franciscan^.
"When Captain Daniels brought word to
Nome that the Portland was fast in the
Ice and drifting toward the Arctic, tho
Northern Commercial Company and resi
dents having friends aboard were greatly
worried, and, as the revenue cutter The
tis had arrived, a petition, well signed,
was presented to Captain Healy, request
ing him to go to the relief of the Port
land. * The Thetis left the same even-
Ing. If any one can render the Impris
oned ship any assistance, Captain Healy
is that man.
thje rate of from two to three miles
an hour. The Nome City came near being
caught in the same manner, and, when
she found a lead and bucked through the
pack to the westward, the Portland could
be plainly seen drifting northward ' past
the Diomede Islands. Three whalers wera
also in sight, ' but " they were in the lee
of the Dlomedes and in no danger of
being carried into the Arctic by the float
ing pack.
mmiOMK, June 7.— (Via Seattle. June
R I 20.)— The steamer Portland, Captain
Jl I Llndquist, the pioneer of Northern
111 Commercial Company's fleet, was
I n on June 4 caught In the ice pack
I ¦ and is being carried up Behr-
JL 1 ing Straits to the Arctic Ocean at
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Editors Spreckels and Leake
Ready for Trial.
HELD fast in an ice-pack,
the old Home steamer
Portland, when last seen
on June 4, was being
borne through. Bering Straits
toward the Arctic Ocean.
News of the vessel's plight
was carried to Nome three
days later by the Nome City,
which itself barely escaped
being caught in the jam. Ac
cording to the captain of tha
latter vessel there seemed to
be little likelihood that the
Portland would be able to free
herself, and, even though she
escaped being crushed, the
vessel might never be heard
of again should she be carried
into the Arctic. The cutter
Thetis has sailed from Nome
to aid the Portland, if possi
ble. Aboard the Portland,
which has a large passen
1 ger list, are forty-six San
Franciscans.
When Hepburn made the motion to
non-concur and asked for a conference
Burton asked whether he would guaran
tee, In case an agreement Is not reached
In conference, to report a disagreement,
so that a motion might be made to con
cur with the Spooner amendment and the
sense of the House be obtained on the
question, Hepburn made this guarantee
without hesitation.
Several original Panama canal mem
bers of the House put the straight ques
tion to Chairman Hepburn of the Com
merce Committee as to whether he is
first, last and all the time a Nicaragua
man, or whether, when it became evident
an agreement could not be reached
through the acceptance by the Senate
conferees of the Nicaragua canal bill, he
would yield to the Spooner amendment.
Hepburn replied, "I am for a canal."
HEPBTTBN- FOB, CANAL.
Some significance is attached to the ap
pointment of Representative Fletcher of
Minnesota as one of the conferees,
as Fletcher was one of only . two
members of the House who voted
against the Nicaragua canal bill in Jan
uary. Fletcher, being the ranking Re
publican on the committee, becomes one
of the conferees by legislative procedure.
He alone could not stop legislation in the
conference committee should he decide to
hold out. His friends think he will con
fine his efforts solely to voting to retain
the House bill.
Hepburn reiterated his statement to
day that he should hold out as long as
possible for the Nicaragua bill to be
passed by the House.
The contest, however, will not be pro
longed and with Senator Morgan, father
of all legislation, urging the Senate bill,
the House conferees will yield and without
any delay the measure will finally pass
w>xa~-t>ra.ncnesr —
ACTION IS PROMPT.
A meeting of the House Committee on
Interstate and Foreign Commerce was
held this morning, and Chairman Hepburn,
was informally instructed to move for non
concurrence, and to ask for an agreement
to the request of the Senate for a confer
ence. This was to get the bill into confer
ence at once.
In accordance with this request Hepburn
asked unanimous consent this afternoon
to take the bill from the Speakers table
and proceed to the Senate for conference.
This action was taken and the Speaker
named as House conferees Hepburn and
Fletcher, Republicans, and Davey of Lou
isiana. Democrat. These conferees will
meet Senators Morgan, Hanna and Kitt
ridg-e, representing the Senate.
Ship and Passen
gers in Grave
Cutter Thetis Is
Hurried to the
Rescue.
Nearly Fifty San
Franciscans
on Board.
A large number of Representatives were
interviewed to-day on the question of ac
cepting the Panama bilL Two to one of
the Representatives declared thev would
gladly accept the Panama bill in prefer
ence to having no canal at all. In other
words, the sentiment is overwhelmingly
for an isthmian canal, whether it be by
Nicaragua or Panama, and the 'bill In
sures one if the other is impossible. The
bill will go to conference, and Representa
tive Hepburn, father of the House bill,
will make a final plea for the Nicaragua
route.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 20.— The House
of Representatives -will accept the isth
mian canal bill, as it passed the Senate
yesterday, and the President will sign it.
The feeling in the House is in favor of a
canal rather than for any particular
route, and all factions take the- ground
that the Spooner substitute makes it man
datory upon the -President to construct
the waterway.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Building of Isthmian
Waterway Seems
Assured.
House Will Accept the
Senate's Panama
Substitute.
f Congressmen Declare
Route Secondary
Question.
FEELING
IN FAVOR
OF CANAL
GOVERNOR GAGE DOES NOT WANT
THE SAN QUENTIN FRAUDS EXPOSED
IN THE POLICE COURT OF THIS CITY
VESSEL
MAY BE
CRUSHED
STEAMER PORTLAND, FAST IN ICE,
IS DRIFTING TOWARD THE ARCTIC
Continued on Page Three.
Continued on Page Twob _^.^.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
VOLUME XCn— NO. 21.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902.ing been stopped short by a body of ice
fully eight feet thick. The ship tried
bucking Its way through for two days,
¦.but when' within sixty-five miles of Nome
it was again hemmed in. The. pack in
. which the . Nome City was caught was
drifting . to the northwest. For several
: daye. the. vessel drifted around the Island
of : St/ Lawrence, and on May '14 was
raised clear out of the water by a sud
den jam. The iron sheathing" put on at
Seattle before starting was all that saved
her from being smashed to pieces. The
rudder head was twisted and the ship
was badly shaken. While in this position
a white dog came to the ship from a na
tive settlement on the island.
The Nome City, in drifting about, nar
rowly escaped going ashore on the
Continued From Page One.
Richards and Jourdan were arrested on
the afternoon of May 29, upon a citation
Issued by Judge "Wickersham on the filing
of an affidavit by John L. McGinn, assist
ant district attorney, charging them with
conspiracy and willful attempt to "fix"
the jury in the case of the United States
vs. Joseph H. Wright, whose trial and
acquittal took place in April. There were
five charges in the complaint, the court
finding the defendant guilty of all.
to raising horses for the Chicago market.
His life was an active one, and, though
h»> started for himself with no capital -but
his two hands, he had by thrift and pru
dence accumulated considerable property.
Up to a few weeks ago he personally
managed his ranches in this county, and
though laboring under the weight of his
68 years, he gave no outward sign of his
approaching rapid decline In health
NOME, Alaska, June 10.— <Via Seattle
June 20.)— Sentence will be passed to-mor
row upon United States Marshal Frank H.
Richards and City Councilman Joseph D.
Jourdan, a saloon-keeper of this city, who
were found guilty of contempt of court
by Judge Wickersham last week. While
no one knows what the sentence will be,
the general impression is that they will
get the limit, which is six months in jail
and $300 fine.
FINDS FEDERAL MARSHAL
IN CONTEMPT v OF COURT
Mr. Timmons was a member of the Ma
eonic lodge In Oakdale, III., and of the
Methodist Episcopal church. During all
of his life Mr. Timmons ! has been a
farmer and stock raiser, most of his at
tention -while In. Illinois having been given
Mr. Tlmmons was married at the age
of 28, and a widow and six children sur
vive him. . Of these, Joseph Timmons Is
assistant night editor of the San Pran
cisco Call; tw6 sons and two daughters
reside In Santa Ana, and another daugh
ter Miss Clara Timmons, is in tho public
schools of Los Angeles.
country. He lived there until he moved
with his family to California in 1891, set
tling in the Perrls Valley, In Riverside
County, when that district was fiW
opened up to settlement. In 1896 he came
to Santa Ana, where he resided up to the
time of his death.
The reception given the incoming pas
sengers by the people of Nome was an
enthusiastic one, and business was prac
tically suspended when the ship arrived.
Every available boat was pressed into
service -until • the surface of Bering Sea
w^s dotted with small craft flying about.
Diomedes. From this position the steam
er Portland was sighted In the Ice pack,
drifting up the Bering Straits toward the
Arctic Ocean and apparently frozen in
fast. Fortunately a lead opened on the
morning of June 4 and Captain Daniels
gave the signal to go ahead at full speed,
the Nome City bucking a way through to
open water and to Nome, much to~ the
delight of the people of Nome, who had
been locked up for eight long months
without news from the outside.
was frozen, died In May. His body is
held at Nome awaiting instructions from
relatives in California.
NOME CITY'S CLOSE CALL.
the Ice
Succeeds in Bucking Her Way Out of
SEATTLE, June 20.— The steamer Nome
City' arrived to-night with the record of
being the first vessel to reach Nome this
year, and also the first one to return from
there out of a fleet of thirty steamships.
,The Nome City bears many evidences of
the fierce battles with the ice In the north,
but is not materially damaged.
The northbound; trip was an excftlng
one. From May 4 until a month later tho
ship was practically fast in the ice, hav-
STEAMSHIP ON THE NOME RUN WHICH IS REPORTED IN ADVICES FROM THE NORTH TO HAVE BEEN
CAUGHT IN AN ICE PACK AND CARRIED INTO THE 'ARCTIC OCEAN. INCLUDED AMONG HER IMPER
ILED PASSENGERS ARE MORE THAN FORTY HAILING FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
WHATCOM, Wash., June 20.— Forest
fires are raging a few miles south of this
city and are reported as having already
destroyed one logging camp and to be
threatening others. They are being driv
en by a stiff breeze from the north.
The employes from Page's Camp. Eagle
Gorge, arrived here at 9 o'clock and tell
a thrilling story of escape. Fire struck
the camp at noon to-day, descending
upon it in a roaring sheet of flame. A
narrow path to safety remained, and
men, women and children to the number
of sixty hurried through It. Three men
feared to try the pass and made their
escape by wading through the river and
up the line.
It Is reported that seven men from
Smith's camp on Cedar River, which was
burned, are missing, but the report can
not be verified.
Hot Springs, which has been twice de
stroyed in previous years, sent an urgent
call for help. At 4 o'clock a special
Northern . Pacific train carried another
contingent of the Tacoma fire department
to that town.
At Enumclaw and Buckley the people
have piled their household goods on wag
ons and hitched up their horses, ready to
leave on short notice. Some were leav
ing to-night on Northern Pacific trains.
Early this afternoon the fire destroyed
a row of buildings on the east side of
Buckley. -A strong wind was blowing
from the east and everything in
dicated that the town was doomed. The
flume which supplies Buckley with water
had been burned earlier in the day, cut
ting off the entire water supply. Shortly
before 3 o'clock firemen, engines and hose
arrived from Tacoma. The firemen went
to work with a will and soon had a half
mile of hose pouring water upon the
flames. They prevented the fire spreading
further and have saved Buckley.
For two weeks the weather has been dry,
rendering the timber and underbrush easy
prey to" flames. At noon to-day the large
mill of the White River Lumber Com
pany, near Enumclaw, was burned, to
gether with the company's houses, twen
ty in all. Fine buildings on a score of
farms adjacent to Enumclaw were swept
away.
Early this afternoon the mill of the
Mountain Mill Company, together with
the dry kilns and a large stock of lum
ber, were destroyed. Small mills in the
vicinity of Buckley were burned.
In the logging camps of the White River
Lumber Company are several dozen wo
men and children, entirely surrounded by
flames and in the greatest danger. Their
husbands and fathers left early this
morning to fight fires some distance
away. Before they could return the
flames had encircled their homes.
The nres are worst in White Valley,
which is given up chiefly to lumbering.
The entire . country between Buckley,
Enumclaw and Hot Springs is a blazing
furnace, which no man can approach and
live. It is certain that there has been
loss of life in the country districts
burned oVer, but no authentic reports can
be received until the fire burns itself out.
TACOMA, June 20.— Forest fires are
blazing so fiercely In the foothills of the
Cascade Mountains that the prosperous
towns of Buckley. Enumclaw and Hot
Springs are in danger of total destruction.
Tacoma has sent fire department aid to
Buckley and Hot Springs. The firemen are
working heroically to save those towns,
together with the railroad property and
lumber mills.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"The Tilden Club has decided not to put
its best foot foremost. They rather, as
the saying is, 'put its foot into it.' The
name of Cleveland may still be a name,
to conjure with for Republicans. With
the Democrats of the West and South It
is simply hateful. Addressing it. the
party might paraphrase the familiar
words of Rip Van Winkle. *I got enough
and I know when I got enough," though
it would hardly be able to complete tho
sentence and add, 'I am glad when- 1 get
enough.'
••The substance of what Mr. Cleveland
said was done in his characteristic vein
of felicitous sublimity, but of which a
fable tells of a certain animal with sad
memories In mind, saying In response to
a certain other animal, 'Mr. Fox, you
talk too well. 1 " . - '•-. •— -
WASHINGTON, June 20.— General "Wood,
former Military Governor of Cuba, to-day
authorized the following statement in re
gard to the criticism of his administration
made by David B. Hill at the Tilden Club
reunion last night:
'•The statement made by Mr. Hill shows
either a most profound ignorance of the
subject to which he refers or an absolute
disregard for the truth. If he had ascer
tained the facts and desired to state the
truth he would not have made the state
ment which he is credited with having
made." - ¦' — '•
"It seems," says Watterson. "a kind of
irony of fate that it should be the Tildea
Club to welcome Mr. Cleveland's baleful
re-entry into political activities. Mr. Til
den died with scorn and contempt upon
his lips for Grover Cleveland. Tdat Air.
Cleveland should put himself forward as
a conjectural party leader is proof of con
fidence which would be sublime if It were
not sinister, because leadership with him
means office and nothing but office.
"Such well-termed disclaimers as that
which irradiated his elsewlse aptly
phrased speech of Thursday night mean
nothing to those who are familiar with
his peculiar methods. They know for a
certainty that Mr. Cleveland never puts
himself to the trouble of a public appear
ance without a definite objective point
and that his objective point always re
lates tc his own appetite and interest.
From ;he day he was one and twenty
until now he has been an office seeker.
We are not permitted, therefore, to see
in this artfully timed and ostentatious re
appearance upon the scene, from whicii
he withdrew *nto the conspicuous shade
of a great university, anything except the
organization of a Presidential boom, as
it is called.
"We rather think the party will agree
without much division that it has had its
fill of Mr. Cleveland. The idea of his
nomination in 1S04 is little short of ridicu
lous. He would be hailed by the Republi
cans as the Diaz of Democracy — that la,
as its only onllest captain-general. It Is
safe to say that as a candidate for a
third term in the White House anrl for
the fourth time as a Presidential nomine©
he could not carry a contested district In
the United States.
LOUISVILLE, June 20.— In a fiery edi
torial in the Courier-Journal to-morrow
under the head of "A Death's Head at
the Feast," Henry Wattersoa savagely
attacks Grover Cleveland for his speech
before the Tilden Club last night. Wat
terson does not mince words in speaking
of the former President and accuses him
of treachery in various forms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.;
Democratic Party Declared to Hava
Had Enough of the Personality
of the Man Twice *n tlia
White House.
Loss of Life Is Believed to Be Great
and Many Lumber Mills and
Dwellings Are in
Burns.
Women and Children Hemmed
In While Men Fight the
Conflagration.
Club tha Cause of
Wrath.
Political Speech at the Tilden
Fire Sweeps Down the
Sides of the Cascade
Mountains.
Kentucky Editor Exco
riates the Former
President.
FOUR TOWNS
IN THE PATH
OF FLAMES
CLEVELAND'S
WORDS ROUSE
WATTERSON
KANSAS CITY, Mo.. June 20.— Charles
D. Warner, twenty-four, years old, son of
Major William Warner, United States
District Attorney, ex-Congressman and
past grand commander of the Grand
Army of the Republic, was found dead in
a rooming-house on Southwest boulevard
to-day. -On the dresser were, three emp
ty bottles that had contained morphine.
Warner had been drinkine.
Empty Bottles Tell of Suicide.
SANTA ANA; June 20.— Andrew Jackson
Tlmmons, a* prominent resident of -this
city, died here this morning. He had been
In falling health for some time, but,
.though, the end was not unexpected, his
death was a shock to his family and a
host of friends.
\ Mr. Timmons was born on April 25,- 1834,
in Clinton County, Indiana, in which re
gion his father was one of the first set
tlers. When he was yet a boy his father
d.'ed, and at the age of 15 he moved to
Dduglass County, Illinois, with his moth
er and. sisters, "where- they made a home'
for themselves in that wild and unsettled
LEAT1T CLOSES THE EYES
OF ANDREW J. TIMMONS
COVELO, June 2O.—It is well known
that for many years George E. White,
the cattle king of this county, who died
on the 9th of this- month, was a firm be
liever in spiritualism. At the time of his
death The Call referred to his , practice
of consulting mediums before undertak
ing any business venture. Within. two
v,eeks of his death White, although very
ill, went to San Francisco to get the
opinion of a woman medium' as -to the
outcome of the malady from which he
was suffering. Returning home, he an
nounced that he had been assured that
he would live' some years longer, and un
der the stimulus of that opinion, doubt
less, he appeared to be in much better
health and spirits than for some time
previously.
It now transpires that he renounced his
faith in the doctrine of spiritualism on
his deathbed. A well-known citizen of
this place is authority for the statement
that White in hie last remaining mo
ments of consciousness callad continu
ously for the spirit of his mother to come
to him. His plaintive cry for his mother
in described as having been most pa
thetic, the old man telling the. persons
attending the. sickbed that he must speak
once more to his mother before going
into the great beyond. His pleadings ware
evidently made in all sincerity, and ho
told what he desired his mother to com
municate to him. After cryjng for the
appearance of the spirit for nearly -thre?
hours he turned to his friends and said:
"Well, this settles it. I have oeen
wrong. There is nothing in it."
Then, with trembling voice and tearful
eye, he moaned, "O God, my God," until
he lapsed into obllviont / ¦ •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The' wounded man was discovered by
Hamp Wyatt, a rancher, who was driv
ing along becide the narrow gauge rail
road track and saw a hat lylnsj by the
roadside. The place is remote from any
habitation. Constable Roemer was sum
moned and conveyed Hadley to Downey
and provided medical attention. Beside
the Injured man was found a heavy
rjocketknife, with which the stabbing was
done. The victim was cut in many places,
the most serious wounds being two deep
ptabs In the abdomen and one in. the left
arm. Should he die without- regaining
consciousness Downey "will -have another
murder mystery to solve.
Identification of th« wounded man is
obtained through two letters of recom
mendation found. in his Vest pocket note
book. They are-tno.de out for W. M.
Hadley and are signed by H. : C. Morreal,
a commission merchant, and W. O.
Smith, both of Atameda. On a piece .of
paper was written, "Arthur P. Bucker,
care of Long & Co., Los Angeles." The
man Is fairly well dressed and about 30
years of age.
DOWNEY, June 20.— Stabbed In a lialf
irtozen places, a strange man was found
In a woed-gTown ditch three miles west
of this place at 9:30 o'clock to-night. He
is supposed to be W. M. Hadley of Ala
meda, and he is probably fatally wound
ed. While all indications point to foul
play, there is nothing to work upon until
the .victim regains consciousness. . The
officers have made no arrests. ' .'"
General A. S. Burt, Colonel C. F. Robe, Major
R. J. C. Irvine, Captains C. R. Noyes. Mark
L. Her«ey. J. M. Slgworth, H. D. Wise, R. J.
Burt, It. C. Langon, E. P. Newson (chaplain)!
R. S. 'Woodson and William Elliott; Lieuten
ants Harold Hammond, J. B. Schoelt el • B P.
Nicklln, E. R. Gibson, J. P. Droulllard, C. C.
Klnncy, F. R. Brown, George W. Wallace, H
J. Collins, A. Loeb, P. M. Goodrich, E F*
Smith, H. L. Evans. George W. Harris, W. E
Mills K. S. Snow, Hunter Harris, H. II. Rich
mond, A. L. Bump and P. E. Thompson; T M
J. Bains. Peter Arentson, Mrs. L. Maus, Misses
Maus, Mrs. B. 8. Merchant. Mrs. T. A. Pearce
and two children. Miss Hattle King, Mrs
Howell and two children, Mrs. Shock Mrs'
Stedter and child, Mrs. A. S. Burt, Mrs. Wil
liam Elliott and son. Miss Tobin, Mrs A. L
Blimp, Mrs. R. J. Burt and child ¦»«*¦¦. R j'
of Irvine and Mlsa Irvine.
After having lain all day In trenches
full of water, fighting hard and suffering
tortures from the heat, the two battalions
of the Ninth brought in. their wounded lo
the city. It was then found that their
casualties were ninety-one men and five
officers. Colonel Liscum was buried at
Tongku.
The Ninth was through the whole of
the Chinese campaign and remained as
the American garrison through the win
ter.' In June, 1301, the regiment returned
to the Philippines, and eight days after
landing the second battalion, under Lieu
tenant Colonel Morris C. Foote, was sent
to Samar, the rest of the regiment foi
lowing two months later.
The massacre of the members of Com
pany C of the Ninth Infantry at Balan
giga will ever be remembered as one of
the horrors of the war in the Philippines.
Following were the cabin passengers
on the Hancock:
BROUGHT IN WOTJNDED.
best fighting. It was the first American
regiment to land.
On the 13th of July, 1900, when the bat
tle of Tientsin was fought, brave Colonel
Liscum lost his life. Major Regan, Cap
tain Bookmiller and Captain Noyes were
all -wounded twice on the day their
colonel was killed.
Pendleton Would Be a Senator.
LOS ANGELES,. June 20.— Cornelius W.
Pendleton, who was Speaker of the lower
house during the last Legislature, has an
nounced himself a candidate for the State
Senate from the Thirty-eighth District.
"King" White Renounces
H.s Belief at Last
Moment.
Downey.
Alame 1 a Man a , Victim
.of Foul Play Near
LIES WOUNDED
IN THE DITCH
Itching. Blind. Bleeding or Protruding Fll*».
No cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorized
by manufacturers of Paro Ointment to refund
money where it fails to cure any case at piles,
no matter of how long standing-. Cures ordinary
cases in six days; worst cases in fourteen days.
One application given ease and rest. Relieves
itching instantly. This is a new discovery, aod
la the only pile remedy ecld on $>osiUve guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample will be
tent by mall to any one tending name and ad
dress. Price, 60c. If your druggist don't keep
It in stock send 50c in stamps and we will for
ward full size box by mall. Manufactured by
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis.- Mo., who.
also manufacture the celebrated cold curs.
Laxative Bromo-Qu'.nlne Tablets.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
DIES WITHOUT
SPIRIT COMFORT
Parkinson says that George Carpenter,
the San Prancisco newspaper man, who
Speaking of the danger to the Portland,
J. Percy Parkinson of the Nome News,
who arrived to-night on the Nome City,
said: _ ¦
. "I do not desire to canse any alarm,
but personally I think the Portland is in
a very dangerous situation."
The Bteamer Portland had about 100
passengers aboard when she sailed from
Seattle for Nome. Forty-six of these pas
sengers were booked from San Francisco,
but it is impossible to. give their names.
ed, her passengers and crew face the peril
cf starvation. . '
The Ninth was hi the battle at San
J'jan Hill, in Kent's division, and was se
lected to go Into the city of Santiago to
receive the formal surrender on the 17th
of July, 1S3S. In Manch, 1899, the regi
ment went to the Philippines and was in
all the caippaigna In Luzon near Manila
and in the Tarlac district.
In China the regiment did some, of the
The losses of the regiment in the four
campaigns of Santiago. Luzon, China and
Samar far exceed those of any other in
the United States army. Six officers and
110 men were .killed, and seven officers
and 163 men wounded. In addition, three
officers and 162 men died of disease or
were drowned.
The Ninth Infantry is perhaps the most
famous infantry regiment in the United
States army. It haa had a long and glori
ous career and has returned from its
different campaigns covered with honor
and glory.
STORY OF THE NINTH.
"I went back with Captain Bookmiller's
command the next day, to identify the
bodies of the slain and was horror-strick
en. The heads and shoulders of the offi
cers were .almost burned from their bodies,
and in the gaping wounds made by the
bolos blackberry jam had been poured.
The bodies of three of the men had been
thrown into a well and covered with cod
fi&U. We were pretty well avenged by
Major Waller's command, however, and
when the Eleventh Infantry arrived at
Samar, they did not folget the dastardly
manner in which we haa been treated."
Sergeant Pickett was unable to describe
the fignt to any extent, having been one
cf. tb* first men cut down.
"The massacre was fearful," said Ser
geant jClifford. "Only thirty-six of us es
caped the first assault, but we piled Into
five boats and started for Basey, twenty
five miles away. Seven of the survivors
were lost en route and two died of their
wounds. Of the twenty-six men who
reached Basey. ten were severely wound
ed, twelve slightly wounded, only four
of the entire command getting away with
out wounds. Our three officers. Captain
Cormell, Lieutenant Edward Bumpers
and Major-Surgeftn Richard Griswold,
were killed.
THIRTY-SIX ESCAPED.
Not the least interesting of the Han
cock's passengers are First Sergeant Clif
ford Mumby and Sergeant James Pickett
of Company C, Ninth Infantry, two of the
twenty-six survivors of the massacre at
Baiangiga on the. morning of September
28. "Top" Sergeant Clifford was wounded
four times by bolos and stilettos in the
fierce onslaught of the natives of Samar,
and Sergeant Pickett was severely cut in
the abdomen with a bolo.
Colonel Charles F. Robe of the Ninth
Infantry, hero of battles in China, came
acme with his regiment on the Hancock.
He shows little trace of the arduous life
he has had since he took command of the
Ninth in China after the death of the
brave Colonel Liscum, killed in the des
perate attack upon Tien Tsln.
"1 have only 400 of my men with me,
ar.-1 they are mostly long timers," said
Crenel Robe. "Companies A, C and T>
art going to Fort Niagara, the other eight
companies and myself being under orders
for Madison Barracks. Of course we are
glad to get back. No, I do not know a
thing about the Smith court martial."
And Colonel Robe smiled.
THE NINTH'S COLONEL,.
She brought fifty-seven cabin passen
gers nnd SGI in the steerage. The latter
includes the discharged crews of the army
transports Bumside and Wright, twenty
four hospital corps men and fifty gen
eral prisoners.
When Major Irvine left Samar the ter
ritory was recovering from the tonic ad
ministered by American arms; the ports
were open; trade was picking up and the
late insurgents were getting their bolos
into condition for agricultural purposes.
The Hancock left Manila May 19. On
account of a suspicious de;...ti on board
Eh? put into Mariveles and remained
ttere in quarantine until May 27. She left
Nagasaki June 3 and had pleasant
weather all the way across.
He says that General Smith did give the
order to slay all over 10 years of age, that
conditions In Samar seemed to justify it,
and that in so ordering: General Smith
strictly followed the army regulations pro
vided for warfare with barbarous enemies.
GENERAL SMITH'S ORDER.
Major R. J. C. Irvine, adjutant of the
regiment and one of the witnesses for
General Smith at his "howling wilderness"
court martial, returned on the Hancock.
He served under General Smith In Sainar
and speaks of his late commander in
terms of the highest admiration.
Of the Ninth Infantry as it fought in
Cuba there were only about thirty-five
men aboard the Hancock, and of the orig
inal organization not more than 400 men
are left B Company is still in China,
acting as legation guard at Peking.*
After passing quarantine the Hancock
steamed to an anchorage off Angel Island.
The cabin passengers and fifty discharged
soldiers will be landed this morning at the
transport dock. Two provisional com
panies, aggregating 344 men, will be sent
to the casual camp at Angel Island and
the Ninth Infantry will be landed at the
Presidio, from where they will be sent
back to the various barracks thev garri
soned before taking up the strenuous life
that has cost the organization virtually
its whole original strength.
The army transport Hancock, with the
headquarters, band and ten companies of
the famous Ninth United States Infantry,
Colonel C. F. Robe, commanding, arrived
last night from Manila. The trooper
reached port just before sundown, in time
to pass quarantine inspection, but Just
late enough to necessitate all hands, of
ficers, privates and civilians, remaining on
board until this morning.
"This thing has not hurt the bank,"
said Million to-night. "The stockholders
will, of course, suffer, but nearly every
one of them is worth the full amount of
the loss. It is a nasty thing and I sup
pose we will be 'joshed' for being taken
in on that forged paper; still, everything
looked regular, and what lulled our sus
picions was the fact that Lyon personally
was not benefiting by the cashing of the
notes. The proceeds were turned over to
Clary. All he got was the bank stock.
Besides," added Judge Mi'lion ruefully,
"we. certainly did get a fine report from
Dun on the reliability of the men who
were supposed to have signed the notes."
Sheriff Wells of Skagit County arrived
in this city to-day and took Lyon back to
Mount Vernon. 0
LADEN" WITH BOGUS PAPER.
"When Lyon was searched at the police
station more than $310,000 worth of bogus
paper was found on him. It consisted of
drafts on the national correspondents of
banks throughout the country, duly
signed by the cashiers of the banks and
made out In blank.
• When the Mount Vernon people found
how Lyon had "protected" his check on
them it occurred to them to inquire Into
the genuineness of the notes which they
had cashed. A few telegrams disclosed
that all the names were forgeries and
that the indorsements were likewise
bogus. , ...
The bank officials asked Dun's Com
mercial Agency for a report on the relia
bility of the makers of the notes and re
ceived a report that they were good for
almost any amount. Thereupon $10,000
.was advanced to Lyon, says Million.
After purchasing Clary's stock Lyon
lived at Mount Vernon for a month and
then went East. The bank heard nothing
until it received a telegram from Kansas
City that Lyon had drawn his personal
check on the Mount Vernon Bank for
$12,000.
The bank officials wired that it would
protest the check, as Lyon was without
authority to draw on them for any such
amount. In reply came a telegram from
Lyon himself, saying that he had placed
$12,000 to the bank's credit in Chicago to
protect his check; and requested them to
honor the latter. The bank wired to Chi
cago to know if such a sum had been
placed to its credit and received an af
firmative reply. Then it paid the check.
A few days later, however, it^was ac
certained that Lyon, to protect his check,
had drawn through a bank in Oklahoma
on the Mount Vernon' Bank's New York
correspondent for $6000 and on its Seattle
correspondent for $9500. The New York
bank had paid the draft, but payment on
the Seattle dnfft was stopped by the Mount
Vernon jfeople. They discovered the fraud
in time. Lyon had used the bank's own
funds to protect his check on them.
GOOD REPORT FROM DUN.
The story Is that when Lyon went to
Mount Vernon to buy the interest in the
bank, he brought letters of recommenda
tion from a Boston trust company. He
negotiated for the purchase of Clary's
stock and a price was agreed upon. Cla
ry's stock was hypothecated with the
Seattle National Bank. Lyon agTeed to
assume the amount that the Seattle Na
tional had advanced on Clary's stock and
to pay the difference in cash.
E. C. Million, president of the bank,
admits that the bank cashed forged notes
for Lyon in order that Lyon might pay
Clary for his stock. Million says that
the bank advanced $10,000 on the notes,
although their face value was much more.
This, with the $6000 unauthorized draft
which Lyon made on the bank's New
York correspondent makes the bank's
admitted loss $16,000.
SPOKANE, June 20.— Charles H. Lyon,
former president of the Mount Vernon,
Washington, 1 bank, who was arrested here
yesterday. Is alleged to have worked up
on the directors of the bank one of the
most colossal swindles ever perpetrated
In the Northwest. It is charged that
¦when Lyon bought a controlling interest
In the bank, he paid for it in forged
iiOtes aggregating more than $15,000.
These notes were cashed by the bank in
order, that Lyon might pay cash to
Charles Clary, whose interest he was pur
chasing. The signatures to the notes, it
Is claimed, were forged, as were the in
dorsements. :
k Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bemnant of Begiment^hat Almost
Suffered Annihilation Will
Land To-Bay at the
Presidio.
Up His Alleged
->"*"' Frauds.
Is Said to Have Resorted to Endless
Chain of Bogus Paper to Cover
Major Irvine Says That Gen
eral Smith's Order Was
Justifiable.
Starts Without a Gent and
Becomes Head ofFinan
cial Concern.
Lyon's Swindle Remark
able in Annals of
i/rime.
Transport Reaches Port
in Time to Pass
Doctors.
FIGHTERS OF
NINTH ABOARD
THE HANCOCK
BUYS BANK
WITH NOTES
HE FORCED
THE SAN FBAISTCISCO SATURDAY; JTOE 21, 1902.
Cuts Her Way through the Ice and Carries News of
( Imperiled Vess fs Predicament. >
STEAMER NOME CITY BARELY
ESCAPES THE PORTLAND'S FATE
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
By far
the most agreeable
and refreshing water,
alone or mixed with
wine, etc. Its moderate
alkalinity admirably
counteracts the effects
of wi»e and spirits.
Apollinaris
"THE QUEEN OF TRBLB WaTERA*
fm CHICHESTKR'S ENGLISH
Pennyroyal pills
13 -«<^rV O rlglnol sad Only Cenaioe.
¦vCsTC&kSJLFS. *n»»Tire!iaw«. dale* uk D™«f *
>M •* CHICHESTER'S EXGUHH
ft"*W"*$t«5v la KE» «ol Gold m«t»ai<i box... m*1«4
J& Sr-«-«^. itht>hwrtbb00 - Taken. oUter. R«fu««
I / (IT **•¦>¦• B «7 >f 7°« DrattfUt. ar wnd 4e. I*
I J» wS "•»>£¦ ** Pmrttowlwm Te««im»«l«la
\V* Ar *¦«• ReMrffcp Ladle*.* tnlMttr, by r»
*Ai 1/ turn Mall. 1 <>,ft«M> TntiBaslmlt. gold tj
„ J~"""/. •"""at"* C&lch eater Cher le*lC«s,
*» - Big « la • non-polKmetw
JVjSgg^offl remedy (or Gonorrhoea •
f'J 6 "** Spermatorrhoea
J&r§r CURES >C1 Whites. uana.taral dis-
OSSgJMnlto 5 d»Ti. \i charges, or any inflamma.-
gS£V Qutuu»i to *" tion, irritation or ulcera-
jft»i rt* £"r«T«m eonucieo. tion of mucous rneiri-
Curium fn brana «- 2Jon-matrin«enS.
\5i^"°""* T W'«§gPor sent In plain wrapper.
Jfj^V u - a>A - Al"! *T express, prepaid, for
<^V*bsv_--<yV\n or 3 bottles, J2.75.
;££> v-° li Circular seat oa request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DA MI AX A BITTERS. TH3
Great Mexican Remedy; lives health and
strength to aexual organ* Depot. 32-t Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Ppiee Lists Maildi
on Application
COAL, COKE AND Pia IRON
J. i . W II SlJM £ L > 00 ° Battery Street.
J- > TT IL3VA gyj. Telephone Main 18tH,
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAi. RllYr^&fft Shipping Butchers. 101
4AJ> lWlCJttti; clay. Tel. Main 1ZH.
OILS.
L.UBRICATINO OILS. LEONARD & EUJ4
*1» Front at.. & F. Phone Main 171».
PRINT l.Nd.
-; W< UUUUE3, all Saasome stT & F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
disfigured Skin
Wasted muscles and decaying bones.
What havoc!
Scrofula, let alone, Is capable of all
that, and mere.
It is commonly marked by bunches in
the neck, inflammation in the eyes, dys-
pepsia, catarrh and general debility.
Jt is always radically and permanently
cured by
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which expels all humors, cures all erup-
tions and builds up the whole system,
whether young or old.
Hood's Pill* cure liver ills; the non-lrrltattng:
and only cathartic to take with Hood's Earsa-
pirllla.
- : ~~1 '
fids signature Is on every box of the genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine T^ti
fcfc* rcciedy that cures a cold In one dsgb
DON'T GET IN A SWEAT
Perspiration — "sweat" is what the Bible and we common people call
it— is a way nature has of driving out of the body refuse that has no
business there. We sweat more in summer, because, in the over-
heated bowels, undigested food ferments more quickly than in winter
and produces irriuting acids and gases. The bowels, overworked, try
to relieve themselves by violent convulsions, causing terrible gripes
• j/jJ&&/d&^' and colics, and diarrhoeal discharges so
a /.f^^J^^^^" ac 'd as to make you sore, and leaving
Wsr' j fne * ntest * nes we ak and worn out. \ Na-
ture assists body-cleaning by
«f,j^W^M^||^ sending the filth out through
j^J^f^f «^K»7 /7 \ the P ores of the skin - !t is n °t
/ J V -*• ; IT yfivMtfil i\ nafe to stc P P ers piring alto-
J J [ 4 JM?**WW I '//> K ether but most of the impure
f\ " \\ J /°V^i \ y¥/l I ///' matter should be sent out by
A* 1 A$ 1} 'i>7V b ml I I ll the natural movements of the
Vi \ «V*iKM Mil I III bowe i s ' an^ the offensive, ill-
J' I V' s^Jmi I III lull srn elirngf, linen-staining sweat
AJ fl I \^~&-2j££m I I 'I I 'II done away with - Kee P y°"r
•' ' A boweIs strong all summer with
Jm*< the P leasant - candy cathartic
'^i0^WMM^Jm CASCARETS, that clean the
system and don't allow the ex-
W%? £J&T^m crement to be sweated out
Ifi-lPi \l* 'CT v\lffl through the pores. Take a
Jfl^li r" *** piYlPI [ aD let every ni^ht, before go-
{r$V\i*rm n4rv 5* 8tfor l^ e Bowel*. AH druggists, xoc, 35c, 50c. Never sold In bulk
ISwVGWiOTeg The B e « ui 2 e B table J damped C C C. Guaranteed to cure or your
¦\z£3*Z~^LZ£^ moaey back. Sample and booklet free. Address yOur
>SSaiaS3S3=^ Sterling Remedy Co., Chica C o or New York. 555Look . out for the special
Coronation Number of The
Call that will be. published
next Sunday. It will contain
features covering every phase
of the coming coronation jf
Edward VII, King of Eng
land. . This edition will be bet
ter than a trip to England, for
it will tell you everything you
wish to know— both " by its
well .. written . articles and- its
superb illustrations— an<jr you
will have none of the trouble
or the expense of travel. No
advance in the price of this,
special edition — only- five
cents, : but worth its weight
in gold to those seeking in
formation.
TOPEKA, Kans., June 20.— William
Grubb, the Harper County man. who said
he was glad Czolgosz shot McKlnley, to
day appealed his damage suit to the Su
preme Court. When Grubb made the re
mark referred to, Robert Elder and a
dozen other men chased him out of the
country. He returned and sued them for
$10,000 damages. The jury in the District
Court in Harper County gave a verdict
for the defendants.
Assassin's Admirer 'Makes Appeal.
Actor MacDowell Wins Suit.
ST. PAUL. June 20.— Judge Burin has
sustained the contention of the plaintiffs
In the suits of W. Melbourne MacDowell
and May D. Seymour, as executors of the
estate of the late Fannie Davenport Mac-
Dowell, against Clarence Ml Brune, the
Clarence Brune Company, L. N. Scott and
C. E. Beech, to annul the alleged sale of
the plays and compel an accounting of
the profits from their production.
The ceremonies around John Harvard
statue attracted a great throng. The stu
dents marched up in classes, the seniors
first going through their picturesque cus
tom of taking the farewell from the yard;
by marching around the various old build
ings and cheering each in turn. After the
(statue exercises the crowd ¦ scattered to
the various collations served by the col
lege Greek letter societies.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass., June 20. — The an
nual class-day exercises of Harvard Uni
versity were held to-day. The class ora
tion was delivered by Roacoe Conkllng
Bruce of Tuskegee, Ala. Bruce is a col
ored man, and is going into educational
work in the South.
The Hasty Pudding Club hpld Its
"spread" immediately after the literary
exercises. Later in the day the seniors
assembled around the old tree for their
private exercises. Gifts were made to
various members of the class, appropri
ate to their peculiar talents or achieve
ments.
Impressive Ceremony at the Univer
' sity Founder's Statue on
. Graduation Day.
I HARVARD CLASS ORATOR
h A NEGRO OF THE SOUTH
Jones referred to " the statement Issued
by Secretary Root, giving $170,000,000 .as
the total cost to the United States of our
control df the Philippines.! He said that In
making up the account' he had, no doubt
the Secretary of War,"the rankest parti
san of them all," had excluded every pos
sible item, in order to reduce the amount
to a minimum. But even the astute Sec
retary of War, he said, had furnished no
estimate of the blood our possession , of
the islands had cost.' He thought fully
100,000 Filipinos- had perished, dir^ctlyiir
CRITICIZES ROOT'S FIGURES.
"Does the gentleman think Buencamlno
capable of self-government?" asked
Crumpacker. . t ' ; -
"I think if-Buencamlno's moral charac
ter were as strong as his intellectual pow
er he would be a very great. man,". replied
Jones. . . '-.:¦. •, . , . , >
• Jones devoted considerable time to the
discussion of the question of .the ability
of the Filipino people for self-government.
He quoted Professor Schurman, president
of the first Philippine Commission, to the
effect that the Filipino people desired In
dependence, were entitled to.it, were-ca
pable ,jot governing themselves and were
entitled to self-government. -
Jones argued that under the provisions
of the bill the friar lands which the Gov
ernment was to purchase would find their
way into the hands of corporations. He
declared that in his opinion it would be
better for the Filipino people to live un
der the present hybrid rule than to have
imposed upon them the -civil- government
proposed by the pending measure, which
would enable that civil government to dis
pose of all the valuable franchises In
these islands, to strip the forests of their
timber and to sell the agricultural lands
to corporations and syndicates.
WASHINGTON^ June 20.— Debate on the
Philippine civil government bill continued
to-day in the House from 11 a. m. until 5
p. m. and In a session held to-night. The
speakers were given close attention, eac,h
side enthusiastically applauding Its re
spective speakers. Jones of Virginia, the
ranking minority member of the Insular
Affairs Committee, concluded his speech
begun yesterday. The other speakers
were Hamilton of Michigan and Kahn of
California for the bill and Patterson of
Tennessee acalnst it. .
ually Get Friar Lands.
Jones Says Corporations Will Event-
ARGUED IN THE HOUSE.
Philippines, because In his opinion the
Filipinos are an alien people. He charged
President Roosevelt with acting In the
Filipino matter without the authority of
Congress such as was conferred on him
by a meager resolution.
"At no stage of the game," said he,
has he done Congress the honor to ask
advice or counsel." The chief question
to his mind, he said, was not so much one
of good government as it is one of self
government. "There is only one man,"
he declared, with emphasis, "in all the
world who can stop the war and that
man is Theodore Roosevelt.
"I eay to you, Theodore Roosevelt," he
exclaimed with vehemence, "that if you
are earnest in your loud declarations and
want these people to have their liberty
and their independence then say it to the
world, and Congress and the people will
back you up and hostilities will cease."
Adams (R.) called attention to the fact
that only yesterday orders had gone for
ward reducing to 19,000 men the army in
the Philippines, which he said, was an
evidence of the pacific Intentions of the
Government. He then, under the latitude
of debate, entered into a defense of the
Panama canal.
At 9:53 p. m. the House adjourned until
11 o'clock to-mcrrov/ morning.
NAMES HIS DOCTORS
FOB FUTURE EXPERIMENT
Physician Who Seeks to Demonstrate
a Tuberculosis Theory Makes
a Statement.
PARIS, June 20.— Dr. Garnault, the phy
sician who has inoculated himself with
matter taken from a consumptive cow in
order to disprove Professor Koch's theory
that it is impossible for human beings to*
catch tuberculosis from cattle, to-day In
formed a correspondent that he has been
misquoted. He does not propose that Dr.
Theobald Smith, professor of comparative
pathology at the medical school of Har
vard University, shall treat him during
the present experiment if tuberculosis de
clares itself. Should the experiment fail,
however, then Dr. Garnault shall place
himself in communication with Professor
Smith and Professor Baumgarten of
Tuebingen.who, he says,. 'if they do not
icllow Koch completely,, yet express
dcubts, which impose on them grave ob
ligation." .
"I do not ask Dr. Smith or Professor
Baumgarten to imitate me," continues
Dr. Garnault, "but if the experiment fails
I ask them to assure, in concert with me
a new,-^decisive experiment, to be prac
ticed on myself."
Dr. Garnault also says that he chooses
Dr.. Smith and Professor Baumgarten be
cause he is convinced of their scientific
good faith, which he questions in Pro
fessor Koch. The French physician Is
willing to go to Boston, if necessary, • for
the experiment.
Free delivery will be established July 1
at Fresno, Cal. Oregon— Shaw, Marlon
Postmasters appointed: California —
Charles Paulson, Ueadwood. Washington
— Oie Gardner, Sherlock, Thurston Coun
ty C. C. Eells, Union, Mason County.
"These pensions were granted; Califor
nia: Original— Bansler R. Bigelow, San
Francisco, $t>. War with Spain— C. G.
fc-ahm, San Francisco, $S; William Adams,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $8; Albert
Allan,- Red Bluff, $12; Elisha Johnson,
Healdsburg, $12; Nicholson Forebe, Napa,
$12* Thomas Campbell, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $8; Michael H. Madden, Los
Angeles, $8. Widows— Mary A. Forbes,
Ssnta Barbara, $8; Margaret Laughlin,
San Jose, $8. War with Spain— Adlth R.
Fowler, San Bernardino, $12; minor of
John Astbury, San Francisco, $10; minor
of George W. Smith, San Bernardino, $12;
minors of Walter W. Kelley. Morgan Hill,
$18.
Oregon: Original— Philip Lawton, Port
land $6. Increase— Preston B. Hoopingar
ner Woodstock, $10; Caswell W. Grubb,
Drain, $12. Widow— Clintha B. Burris,
Hi).lsboro,$12.
Washington: Original— War with Spain-
George Grechback, Fort Wright, $6. In
crease—Clark Colvin, Colfax, $12; John K.
Worthing, Spokane, $10; James Maloy,
Orting, $S; Christopher J. Hoxsie, Orting,
$12. Widow— Mary M. Shattuck, Ever
ett, $8. '
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The Postof
flce Department to-day announced: Post
omces established: Washington— Howard,
Douglas County; Silver Beach, Whatcom
County. Discontinued: Oregon — Trent,
Lane County; mall to Dexter.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ROME, June 20.— The Papal Secre
tary of State, Cardinal Ram
polla, to-day assured the Right
Rev. Thomas O'Gorman, Bishop of
Sioux Falls, S. D., that the Vat
ican accepts the proposition of Judge
Taft, Governor of the Philippines, re
garding the disposition of the friars' lands,
on all the main points, but dissents on
minor points.
The official documents are being pre
pared at the Vatican and will soon be de
livered to Judge Taft. The American
party waited patiently at the Hotel
Qulrlnal for the reply, but as this dis
patch is forwarded it was still not received.
There is little doubt that the answer will
be a substantial acceptance of the main
points of Judge Taft's proposals, which
include the payment of about $1,000,000 for
the friars' lands and a smaller sum for
the rental of the friars' lands used by the
army and the deportation of the friars to
Spain. The actual sums will be fixed by
arbitration. :
Judge Taft has prepared a tentative
fcrm of agreement to use If agreeable to
the Vatican. \
If the answer comes to-night Judge Taft
will to-morrow apply to Mgr. Gasspari,
Secretary of the Congregation Extraor
dinary in Ecclesiastical Affairs, for in
"Id"rmatlon on the subject.
PATTERSON SAYS PAUSE.
Patterson opposed the Philippine bill
and supported- the minority substitute, i
"Well may the American people pause "
said he, "before the step Is taken which
reverses all | our theories of government
ond brings us to the Old World methods
of colonization and empire." ¦•--
Kahn of California concluded the debate
of the afternoon in a speech . which was
listened to with close attention by mem
bers, on both .sides of the House. It was
largely a personal narrative of his trip to
the . Philippines last year.- He told of -a
personal interview with Aguinaldo at
which the latter admitted that no prom
ises of independence had been made to
him by Dewey and Wildman. He con
cluded as* follows: .
• .There is'one Instance in our national history
when the policy I of I scuttle, after being over
whelmingly repudiated at the polls, was nev
ertheless adopted by the: then Democratic ad
ministration. I refer to the "fifty-four forty
or fight" campaign of 1S44. It ia true that
when the question of our Oregon boundary
came up in the Senate in 1846 a large major
ity, of the Senators, voted to ratify the treaty
by which we relinquished all of that territory
which is now known as British Columbia If
we had -held our ground at that period, Eng
land to-day would not have a single portion
the Pacific Ocean side of the American con
tinent. The commerce of the Orient coming
across 'the Pacific -would . have had. to pass
through an American port. * There would have
been no Alaskan, boundary dispute to plague
us, and, sir, ¦ I for one, do not propose, with
my vote at -least, to sanction another mistake
of . a similar character.
, At 5 o'clock Kahn yielded the floor and
a recess was taken; until 8 o'clock.
, ¦. At , the evening session Kahn resumed
Now that he is dead, I venture the pre
diction that it will, not be long before gentle
men on the other side will • have appropriated
his memory to their own uses, and will have
his' picture among their own stage proper
ties iand will be quoting his utterances as
"apples of gold arid pictures of silver " even
as they are quoting the utterances 'of Ab
raham Lincoln. Verily, the successors and
assigns of those who stoned the prophets now
burn incense to their memory, and garnish
the sepulchero of the righteous. We seldom
do men Justice until after they are dead, and
then we make up for the mean lies we tell
of them while they are living by the good
lies we tell of them after they are dead. At
the end of the campaign of 1000 .the. old Pop
ulistic banner marked "Imperialism and 16
to 1," partly obliterated, which had been car
ried by a procession of discontent, with out
riders of necromancers, soothsayers, sword
swallowers, serpentine dancers and experts in
curbstone' discussion, was dumped in the
scrap-heap of Ineffectual political experiment
but Is being fished out and refurbished now
for further political use, minus 10 to 1 "
(Republican applause.) We are trying to do
what no other nation. tried to do before. We
are trying to give to a detached and 'undevel
oped people local self-government under the
tutelage and protection of a great world-pow
er. We are giving them more than a formal
protectorate.' We are trying to protect them
from themselves within ¦ and -from Invasion
without, that they may grow in peace and
prosperity. '; ¦;< >,
Hamilton of Michigan, also a member
of the Insular Committee, followed with a
set speech in support of the bill. After
referring to the Democratic denunciation
of McKinley's "imperialistic policy" Ham
ilton said:
TASK OF THE NATION.
Indirectly, as a result of the war waged
against them, and that 10,000 American
lives had been lost or wrecked.
Jones took up the charges made against
General Smith and Major Waller of
cruelty in Samar.
"Why is it," he asked, addressing the
other side of the chamber, "that you'crit
icize and court-martial Schley, but you
will not touch a hair on the head of those
who have confessed in participating in
these "diabolical outrages? Why criticize
a naval officer. and refuse to hear of crit
icism of an officer in the army?"
"It is the indiscriminate criticism of the
army that we protest against," interjected
Steel of Indiana.-.
"There has been no such indiscriminate
criticism," answered Williams of Illinois.
"It has been a recital of specific cases."
"It is not the soldiers who should be
held up to execration," declared Jones,
"but those who ordered such outrages and
those cowards who seek to smother
them." . '
If Mr. SDrecEels and Mr. Leake can claim
* trial here or an examination here, then any
other man— some man who watches the sheep
by eight upon the fields of Los Angeles County,
•who might be charged with some peculation or
mlsderjj^jior there, and on his way here should
*« apprehended, and you. Judge, Insisted upon
Henry Gage, when he comes before the law
5s no bigger nor emaller than any man in the
commonwealth.
Mr. Moore— May It please your Honor, I now
find it my duty as well as my pleasure to eay
that this argument which, your Honor has now
heard Is entirely ornamental; It has no real
relevance to the subject-matter. Counsel com
mtneed his statement by saying that these de
fendants had be»n brought before your Honor
They never were brought before your Honor.
There gentlemen w«-re never brought before
year Honor at all. There is nothing here be
fore your Honor now at all. i have no fault to
find with any of the decisions that have been
read from. by my learned brother notably, so
far as 1 understood them, the English cases
about a magistrate holding a man in one
county and committing him for trial In an
other county. * t -
HO BIGGER THAU ANY MAW.
But in this case he If not brought before the
Justice to be tried. Consequently all these
portions of the code relating to examinations
have an application to this case which they
could not have in the case of any other misde
meanor.
The eystem of Jurisprudence upon which our
code Is founded, if you know what all the
learning of the English bar on this subject was
at the time this code was made, may perhaps
assist in a construction. There Is no sanctity
about the Jurisdiction of a committing magis
trate, as I have repeated time and time again.
A man is addressed as a magistrate, which is a
different capacity from his Judicial capacity.
He is not bound by the same hard and fast
lines, and -he is simply an officer of the law,
to inquire whether it Is probable that an of
fense has been committed, and if a man is ap
prehended in another county there is no reason
v.-hy, in sense, in Justice, or in anything of
'.hat sort, a committing magistrate in that
county where he Is apprehended might not take
him under examination, and if necessary com
mit him for trial.
CAPACITY OF MAGISTRATE.
numerous cases in which, by the special pro
visions-Df particular statutes, the Justice has
Jurisdiction respecting the offenses therein
Er*clfied, though committed out of his coun
ty. Thus It has lone been settled that if a
man commit a felony in one county and go into
another county, a Justice of the latter county
may, upon Information given, issue a warrant
to apprehend him and take his examination
and the information against him; and may
commit him to the Jail of such latter county
and bind over the witnesses to give evidence
at the trial.
A committing- magistrate may perform func
tions; it is rot necessary that he should have
Jurisdiction over the offense, nor is It necessary
that he should be in the county, to commit.
Although it be generally true that a Justice
has no Jurisdiction over offenses committed
out of his county, yet there are cases where
the presence of an offender, within his county,
Elves him authority at common law to pro
ceed against such offender; and there are also
If you read the first section on preliminary
examinations literally it disposes of the case,
bt cause the language is identical: "When ta
ken before the magistrate." You will noticj
that :n £26 it savs "is brought before a mag
istrate." In section S22 there Is the eame lan
fruage exactly — "take him. before a magis
trate."
I say, if you take all those provisions of the
code together, and do not limit yourself to
826. nor to S09. nor to S5S. but read the whole
end construe them together, you will find that
the code provides for informations being file.1
without the county where the examination Is
held. That you may commit is beyond ques
tion. Section 80S in trrms rro\*ides_that when
the defendant is brought before the magistrate
upon ac arrest the magistrate must proceed
•with the examination. Section 826 furnishes
the machinery by which you may do it.
MUST GO ON WITH CASK
Now, after the arrest haa_ been made and
the defendant has been taken before a magis
trate — you take section S5S; it provides that
when you are taken before tha magistrate upon
an arrest he must immediately inform you.
There you find the words "immediately upon
arrest." When you are taken before a mag
istrate upon .arrest you commence these pro
ceedings in ic-gard to examination.
Mr. Preston — Then he Is not limited to his
own county. He can file that information in
any county in which the ofTense is triable.
I am glad for the admission.
Mr. Moore — It means what it says.
Section 826 provides that "If a defendant Is
brought before a magistrate other than the
one who issued the warrant the depositions on
which the warrant was granted must be sent
to that magistrate, or, if they "cannot be pro
cured, thf» prosecutor and his witnesses must
be summoned to give their testimony anew."
If your Honor will go back to section 809
of the code, you will find that It was evi
dently in contemplation that a defendant might
etand committed in one county for trial in
finothrfi as I will show you was the universal
court? of the English criminal law, on which
this code is founded, and from which some
of its provisions are taken bodily.
Section 803 provides that if a defendant has
been examined and committed "It shall be the
duty of the District Attorney, within thirty
days thereafter, to file in the Superior Court
of the county in which the offense is triable.''
What does that mean?
So that the ordinary Jurisdiction of a Jus
tices' court of an outside township in a county
¦n-here it is not controlled by some special
legislation which has clothed it with the power
for all misdemeanors. Is not to try a case cf
criminal libeL Hence, the Justice who Issued
this warrant cpuld not try this case. This
is not an application to have your Honor try
this cs.t-0.
COULD NOT TRY CASE.
6tat* present a rather peculiar proposition.
Criminal libel was one cf the offenses which,
by the constitution, was not otherwise pro
vided for, and it was therefore left to a prose
cution by complaint and indictment or infor-,
rrc&tion.
I think we all agree that, so far as libel is
concerned, its present status Is that it Is
triable, in this city and county, for instance.
In a. Police Court. It is, po6sibly and probably,
triable In a Police Court in the city of Los
Angeles, though I do not assert that as an
absolute provision.
The code provides that a Justice of the
Peace has Jurisdiction of '•petty larceny, as
eault or battery not charged to have been
¦committed upon a public officer in the dis
charge of hU duties, or to have been com
mitted ¦with such intent as to render the of
fense a felony; breaches of the peace, riots,
routs, affrays, committing a willful Injury to
property and all misdemeanors, punishable by
fine not exceeding $500 or imprisonment not
exceeding elx months, or by both such fine and
imprisonment."
As yet the Embassador has not seen
Secretary Hay. It is said he may ' ask
that this government apologize for Ad
miral Crowinshleld's comment. "Whether
such an apology will be made Is not
known. Rear Admiral Crowninshield has
been asked to explain how his report
became public when the authorities in
tended to suppress the matter In the
Interest of good feeling. It is supposed
that his disapproval was published in
squadron orders and a copy of these fell
into the hands of newspaper correspond
ents after the Illinois-arrived in English
waters. As he was not directed to with
hold his comment, he can hardly be
blamed for its publication.
"There are no developments. To-mor
row morning I hope to see Secretary Hay.
Then there may be something for me to
say."
Signor Mayor Des Planches, the Italian
Embassador, who insists that a full, ex
planation shall be given his government,
called this afternon on Secretary Moody
and Acting Secretary Hill of the State
Department. "When he left he said:
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., "WASHINGTON, June 20.— So serious
has become the complication between the
United States and Italy over Rear Ad
miral Crownlnshield's published state
ment that the officers of the Chicago ar
rested at Venice suffered "revolting in
dignities," that it -was discussed by the
Cabinet to-day.
Italian Embassador May Ask the
United States to Make an
Apology.
CABINET TAKES NOTICE
OF CJHOWUINSHXELD'S WORDS
The Court — I will be prepared to announce a
decision in this matter on Tuesday morning
As it is at present, there is no case before the*
court, but I will determine at that time whether
or not in my opinion I have a right to proceed
and hear the preliminary examination. (
Section 823 of the code, upon which counsel
lays such stress, cannot apply to a Justice's
court. What I say Is that if you take the in
formation — I want to say one word there
Chapter 3 treats of the information, and it says
that the complaint Is the allegation in writing
to a magistrate that a person has been guilty of
some designated offense. Then, "a magistrate
is an officer having power to issue a warrant "
etc Then, "the following persons are magis
trates." Then comes section 809. The District
Attorney, if the defendant is committed is to
file an information. Showing that this- thing
before the Justice's Court Is & complaint I
submit the case.
WILL DECIDE TUESDAY.
You talk about haling rich men. You go into
the mountains of San Diego or up into the lava
beds of Modoc and swear to a complaint or
you can go to Wilmington or any remote In
accessible portion of the earth, hundreds of
miles away from witnesses, hundreds of
miles away from records, hundreds of miles
away from everything that will elucidate and
prove and throw light upon the charge and
then when we ask for what we think is our
right under the law, to be examined here be
fore a magistrate, at a place and at a time
and to go on immediately, we are to be
charged that this is for the purpose of delay
We say that the language here, read as an
ordinary man would read it. gives us right to
be examined where we are arrested— in -this
where we are entitled to a preliminary exami
nation. And what is it. your Honor? What is
this great Important question about which we
have been brought through from Runnymede
down to the theep country? A magistrate— all
standing equal before the law— to pass upon the
simple question as to whether there li prob
able cause to hold these men to be tried What
particular divinity or sanctity hedges about
that act? We have seen that by the English
law It was the custom, it was the law that
they could commit. '
SHEEP MENTIONED AGAIN.
It is our right to be examined before a mag
istrate to find out whether it is probable that
a crime has been committed or not before you
can, be haled, as the gentleman says, five hun
dred miles to the little dirty village of San
Pedro for that Important purpose. He says
that this is for delay. How soon could these
facts have been brought forth had the fountain
head of all the sources of Information been
approached by this complaining witness? That
Is all buncombe and claptrap. These defend
ants do not desire delay, but they do not de
sire to be taken down to a Justice of the Peace
at San Pedro, where they have been haled by
the Governor of the State, for a preliminary
examination. We say that is not the law
We say it is against the reason of the law'
and that it is against right. The gentleman
took exceptions this morning — why, there have
been cases of which I have read— I don't vouch
for their authenticity— where Justices of the
Peace have ordered men hanged for horse
stealing; and hanged they were, by the body
of the county, before aid could reach them I
don't know what a Justice of the Peace 'out
on the deserts might do if a case came before
him. I am not speaking of this gentleman be
cause he 1b a stranger. I am showing' the
absurdity of this thing. Courts and their
Jurisdiction have nothing whatever to do with
this motion.
WANT SPEEDY HEARING.
Mr. Moore (interrupting) — Pardon me a mo-.
noent; you commenced that this morning by
saying that this was a case where the Gov
ernor of the State was interested. "
Mr. Prestcn — I will cite the gfntleman to
section 1875 of the Code of Civil Procedure,
which requires courts to take Judicial notice
of the head of the Government, and I say that
this court will take Judicial notice of the fact
that Henry T. Gage is the Governor of the
State of California, and it will take judicial
notice, too, that by the terms of the Political
Code, his official residence Is In Sacramento
and not at Wilmington.
Mr, Moore— And that he is the only Henry
T. Gage, the only one in the world.
Mr. Preston — I did not interrupt you. I will
wait until you are through.
Mr. Moore — I won't Interrupt you again.
Mr. Preston — I thank you very much. "We
have gone to the sheep country and the shep
herd. J don't know why the gentleman speaks
of liheep or shepherds. There has been noth
ing of that kind charged here. There has been
nothing of that kind in this case. He then
seems to iterate this question of . Jurisdiction
and trial, and that a man may take Jurisdic
tion up in Modoc of a libel in Los Angeles
and that he may have him working in the
grounds at Modoc. I have never said anything
of that kind. He talks about the fact that this
code is an Improvement upon the system of
English Jurisprudence.
Mr. Preston — I will only say a few words.
Tour Honor will notice that I presented this
case without mentioning any names; that I
discussed nothing but the principles of law
involved, relying upon the codes and the au
thorities which had construed them, and the
procedure upon which tliey were founded. I
have listened to a disquisition running down
from the armored barons of Runnymede and
my old friend King John "
TALKED OF SHEEP.
That your Honor can, with nothing: before
you, try the case or examine it, seems to me
utterly absurd.
I don't say these gentlemen did anything. I
don't say they are guilty of anything. I have
no right to say so. There has been no exam
ination; there has been no trial. I simply say
they have been ch'arged. I don't care what
Archbold says. I will not take the time to
scrutinize the text of Archbold to see what
in olden times those Justices of the Peace
might do in England. I won't scrutinize
Comyns to see what they might do. I won't
scrutinize this case In 55 Massachusetts, I de
pending entirely upon a statute.
trying him here, he could not resist your de
mand to try him here, away from his fellows,
away from men who might know of the sub
ject matter. He might be charged by some
large landed proprietor, •who as ¦well might try
the case here as elsewhere, but the poor shep
herd, finding himself here charged with a
crime committed in Los Angeles County, if
your Honor insisted on trying him, as you
would be obliged to Insist on trying him If
you try these men, would consider that he had
been aggrieved In his dearest rights.
"Will Meet in San Francisco.
SAXTA MARIA DEL MAR, June 20.—
The fifteenth annual Grand Council of the
Catholic Ladies' Aid Society this morn-
Ing adjourned to meet in San Francisco
In August, 1903. Most of the delegates re
mained here and are spending the time in
recreation.
GOVERNOR GAGE DOES NOT WANT THE SAN QUEST!! FRAUDS EXPOSED
EL. PASO, Tex.. June 20.— Frank
Vaughaa. a cattleman of Sonora, Mexico,
¦who is returning home after a trip
through New Mexico, brings news of a
•wholesale killing in the mountains east of
Tueumari. . • . . >: V*
Bud Lee. a young cattleman, has been
in the habit of driving his cattle to some
springs about thirty-five miles from, Tu
cumari for water. They are the only
source of water for miles around and
other cattlemen claimed that he allowed
his cattle to tramp around in them, bog
ging , them up. This led to trouble and
. threats.
Several days ago Lee, in company with
a man seventy years old, an old Indian
fighter, drove his htrd as customary to
the springs. Both were heavily armed.
Word reached Lee that eight punchers
were on the lookDUt for him and he was
prepared for trouble. Lee says it was
their intention • to waylay him and catch
him unawares.
When he got a glimpse of some of them
half a mile away, he and the old man
opened fire with long range guns. A
pitched battle followed. Lee and his part
ner were protected by the shrubbery
around the springs and the running about
of the frightened cattle. The others were
in the open. When the smoke cleared
away Lee saw three men running for life
across the country. Five were dead on
the prairie. He and the old man were
not touched. Lee gave himself up to the
Sheriff.
Epedal Dispatch to The Call.
On Wednesday the boy was sent a half
mile into the mountains to tend a herd
of sheep while his father was preparing
breakfast. The little fellow heard a shot
at the cabin and returned to find six
Apache bucks engaged in looting the place
and his father dead.
Concealing himself among the rocks the
boy picked off the Indians with his rifle
and so true was his aim tnat not one es
caped death. The lad was unharmed. He
surrendered to the reservation authori
ties.
The Indians murdered the ranchman and
the 12-year-old son of the dead man
avenged hia death by shooting the Indians
from ambush. Page was occupying
leased land In the reservation and the
Indians objected. They had several times
threatened his life if he did not move.
EL. PASO, Tex., June 20->-George Har
old, a city policeman who has just re
turned from the Mescalero Indian reser
vation, reports the murder of Thomas
Page, a rancher, and the killing of six
Apache Indians near there last "Wednes
day morning.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Richardson, the minority leader, who
also was a member of the committee to
confer with the Senate, explained further
that the Senate had ignored the House's
request for conference with instructions
to its conferees and had sent the bill back
with a simple request for a conference.
The effect of the adoption of the resolu
tion would be that the House in turn
ignored the Senate and sent the bill back
with a stronger insistence on its objec
tion to the objectionable items, it was
not a surrender, he said. Had It been ao
he never would have agreed to it. The
resolution was adopted.
Hull of Iowa called up the army appro
priation bill. He offered a resolution to
disagree to all the Senate amendments,
except 13, 14 and 15 (relating to army
posts). As to 13 and 14, the resolution pro
vided that the House adhere to its dis
agreement, and as to 15, it recede and
agree to the amendment. It was the ac
tion of the House on this bill (in Instruct
ing its conferees) which caused the con
troversy with the Senate ' regarding the
right to take such action.
Dalz^ll of Pennsylvania, one of the
committee appointed to confer with the
Senate on the subject, explained that the
parliamentary effect of the resolution in
declaring the House's purpose to adhere
to its disagreement as to the two amend
ments was to carry Its insistence one
stage further than the adoption of. the
former instructions to the conferees.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— In the House
to-day Cannon, chairman of the Appro
priations Committee, asked unanimous
consent for consideration of the confer
ence report on the sundry appropriations
bill. In urging the necessity for Imme
diate action Cannon expressed the hope
that Congress would be able to reach a
final adjournment by July 4. Patterson of
Tennessee objected.
Quick Retribution Follows
Tragedy Near a Reser
vation.
Cow-Punchers Look for Trou
ble and Find It in
Abundance.
Difficulties Among the Con
ferees Provoke Dis
cussion.
Army Appropriation Bill
the Subject of Con
tention.
Murdered Rancher's Son
Kills Six Apache
Indians.
Southwestern Cattlemen
Engage in Desperate
Fight.
HOUSE CLASHES
WITH THE SENATE
BULLETS END
LIVES OF FIVE
SENATORS TALK
OF RECIPROCITY
The Cuban Question Dis
cussed in Republican
Conference.
Dozen Speeches Are Made
on the Subject of
Tariff Laws.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— The Republi
can Senators held another conference on
the question of Cuban reciprocity, and
after three hours' discussion adjourned,
subject to the call of Chairman Allison,
without action. Almost all the Republican
Senators who are In the city were pres
ent. Ten speeches were made In support
of reciprocity and two in opposition to
that policy. This was in accord with a
previous understanding that as the beet
sugar Senators had monopolized the at
tention of the conference on Wednesday
night their opponents to-day should hava
the greater share of the time.
The speeches in support of the reci
procity bill were made by Senators For
aker, Beveiidge, Lodge, Hale, Warren,
Aldrich, McComas and Hanna, Senator
Platt of Connecticut adding a few words
to what he had said at the Wednesday
evening meeting. The two speeches in
opposition *to the proposed legislation
were made by Senators Burton and. Bur
rows. The speeches for reciprocity were
along the same general line, and without
exception were pleas for legislation and
for party harmony.
Senator Hanna spoke of the< question
of extending the proper aid to Cuba as
a moral question, saying that our obliga
tions to the Cuban people were 'such that
we would not be true to ourselves as a
nation If we should fall to give them an
encouraging hand at .the beginning of
their national career. He referred to
President McKinley's attitude on this
subject, and quoted the President's Buf
falo speech as making it imperative on
this Government to enter into proper re
ciprocal relations with Cuba.
Senator Burton of Kansas made an
eloquent speech in support and defense
of the attitude of the beet sugar Repub
licans. He took as his text certain re
marks which had been made by Senator
Platt at the Wednesday evening meeting
and by Senator Foraker at to-day's meet
ing. He spoke especially with reference
to an intimation that the beet sugar Sen
ators were not loyal to the party. Ho
said that the press of the country had
presented only one side of the question.
His side, he said, stood for the support of
one of the most promising, as It was ona
of the most deserving, of infant indus
tries.
The beet sugar Interest, he said, was
coming to the front with a rapidity and
a promise to the future such as had
marked the history of few Interests in
this country, and he urged that this in
terest should have the same protecting
care that the Republican party had given
to other struggling industries. He said
that it was not true that the beet sugar
men were not willing to extend a helping
hand to the people of Cuba if they need
ed help, but he contended that there was
no need for assistance to the people of
that island at this time. Nor did he be
lieve that if the contemplated legislation
should be enacted the Cubans would se
cure the benefit.
Senator Burrows spoke very briefly and
his remarks were entirely In replv to Sen
ator Hanna's reference to President Mc-
Klnley's Buffalo speech. Burrows pro
duced a copy of that speech and read ex
tracts from it for the purpose of show
ing that the beet sugar Senators are in
accord with McKinley's position as out
lined in that speech. He laid special em
phasis on the portion of the Buffa!>
speech" in which the President said that
he would not advocate any step that
would remove the proper protection from
American labor and American Industries.
He also quoted the last annual message
of President Roosevelt, saying that th*
beet sugar men were in accord with the
President's position as there outlined.
They claimed, he said, that they were
acting in accord with strict Republican
policy in advocating the protection of the
beet sugar interests.
The conference adjourned to meet at
the call of the chairman, and It is cen
erally believed that another meeting will
occur some time next week.
SENATORS CONITEUVI
CROZIER'S NOMINATION"
Former Captain Will Assume tha
High Bank of Chief of
Ordnance.
"WASHINGTON, June 20.— Confirmations
by the Senate: Captain "William M. Cro
zier, ordnance department, to be chief of
ordnance with rank of brigadier general;
S. S. Lyon. New Jersey, Consul at Kobe,
Japan; "William R. Logan. Indian agent
for the Belknap agency, Montana.
The vote on the motion to confirm Gen
eral Crozier was 44 to 12. The discussion
of the nomination was again led by Sen
ator Proctor in opposition to confirma
tion. Senators "Warren, Pettus and For
aker made brief replies.
Senate Disposes of "West Point Bill.
WASHINGTON, June 20.— No business
of importance was transacted by the Sen
ate in open session, except to agreef to a
conference report, finally disposing of the
military academy appropriation bill. Soon
after the disposition of routine business
the Senate went into .executive session,
and at 3:10 p. m. adjourned until Monday.
Taft's Mission Is Successful, and Only Minor Points
Remain to Be Agreed Upon.
VATICAN ACCEPTS SETTLEMENT
OF THE FRIAR LAND QUESTION
B0Y AVENGES
FATHER'S DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902.
Kern (D.) of Illinois denied the right o:
the United States to frame laws for the
his remarks and described .in detail some
of the cruelties inflicted by Filipinos on
American troops. He made a vigorous
defense of the army and said its good
rame should not be besmirched because
o£ the conduct of the pitiful few. It was
a mistake to assert that the insurrection
would end should the Filipinos, be given
their independence.
"It would only • give the irreconcil
ables." he said, "an incentive for renewed
activity." He added that should inde
pendence be given the '. Filipinos their
cruelties would be so revolting that all
the' fears of the angels could never blot
the record out.
Continued From Pago One.
3
CIVIL GOVERNOR OF THE . PHILIPPINES AND TWO DISTINGUISHED
CATHOLIC PRELATES WHO HAVE TAKEN AN ACTIVE PART" IN THE
• NEGOTIATIONS AT THE VATICAN ON THE FRIAR LANDS QUESTION.
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
SiLEMGEF
The instinct of modesty natural to
every woman is often a great hindrance,
to the cure of womanly diseases. Women
shrink from the personal questions <&
the local phy- '
sician which .Ji^^^U^*.* • \ ."• *^^^
seem indelicate. 7 ' ¦&$& V2£^LT -*" v * -
The thought of .*// sjig \s »&[-*•"?.'.•
examination is .' l^ltf&jL y^Vv>' "
abhorrent to ''^^^^^S^^k^
them, and so .2 BBawShg^Syjftp
silence a condi- MS ggSfgBE (fjPKS
tion of disease |^^^^^^
wogressesfram W&^T&M^
bad to worse. p | "3?
It has been $3$ >*•¦"""
Dr. Pierce's |g^gN wisP*
privilege to cure JQ^A vS^ ~
a great many ¦ >y{ I
women who t .'.^ t^—) !
have found a iL."*^k ja '
refuge for mod- .•'••l\ *^V"^ / /
esty in his offer '.*#•". i*^k / r Jt
of free consulta- - .*•*.*, • yS / >^P
tion by letter. '/.*'*• •\;| h^*xj?ff
All correspond- • .; • V'Vv^O^O^
ence is held as l.^v :7Zjjfi^~-^&.
strictly private •';)/ | _/»f"^d
and sacredly "'K 1 i x J /I
confidential. f"i& 7 /
Address Doctor \ ijL ffT3i
R. V. Pierce, CSvtyf/AtX^ "
Buffalo, N. Y. I y?jm
Favorite Pr». Ijk ,
scription estab-
lishes regularity, dries weakening drains,
heals inflammation and ulceration, and
cures female weakness.
"Having tsed Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescrip-
tion and 'Golden Medical Discovery* during
the past year," writes Mrs. Mattie I«oog. of
Pfouts Valley, Perry Co., Pa.. "I can truthfully
recommend these medicines for all female weak-
nesses. I have used several bottles of '. Favorite
Prescription,' which I consider a great blessing
to weak women. I was so nervous and dis-
couraged that 1 hardly knew what to do. Tour
kind advics for home treatment helped me won-
derfully. Thanks to Dr. Pierce."
. Biliousness is cured by the use of Dr. .
Pierce's Pleasant Pellets.CANOEISTS ENJOY SENSATIONAL SPORT ON OAKLAND ESTUARY
THE SAN. FE ANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY^^UNE 21, 1002.
SYNOPSIS
OF STATE'S
GAME LAW
ANY man who oirnfl a rod
or a enn, or vrho liven in
hope of poMsesslngr.one of
these .health-gi"*;U»sr •; imple
ments oiinport, -woi»l*'do Well
to preserve a copy of _ the
game law 'ot this . State,- a
synopsis of vrhich, compiled
by the Board of Fish Commis
sioners, is herewith pre
sented. In concise form it
contains the beneficent rnles
by Trliich it is hoped to pre
serve the game of the State.
Without these restrictions it
¦would he but a. matter . of
time when there would be no
deer, no qnall, no trout at
large In the forests or in the
public Btreama. Game can be
legally killed as follows «
DEER— Between July 31 and
October 1. No person may
Uill more than three bucks
during one season. Does
and spotted lawns cannot
be killed at any time. No
deer meat nor deer l» l " c »
can be sold. . i '
DOVES Between July' 31 and
February. 1. Number "which
may be killed or had in
possession limited to fifty
during one day. '
Q,UAII/— Between September
30 nnd February 1. Num
ber which may be killed
or had in possession limited
„ to twenty-hve during one
day. All unlejof qnail pro
hibited. ' All trapping pro
hibited. . -.
GROUSE and SAGE HENS---
Between September 30 and
; February 1. prohib
i Ited. V . '_¦•¦;¦..,¦
TREE SQUIRRELS— Between
' July 3O and February 1..
DUCKS— Between September
30 and February 1. Number
which may be j killed or
' had in possession limited
to fifty during - one day;
t Sale of more than fifty in
one day by one person pro
hibited. Shooting prohlb
¦ ited ; between , half an hour
after sunset and halt an
hour, before '. sunrise. . . The
use of any trap, net, snare,
. , or pound, for the taking of
¦/::'; game, is prohibited.
SNIPE — Number : /which .may
- be killed or .had In posses
sion limited to ¦ twenty-five
during any one day.
TROUT— Between March 31
and November 1. Sale lim
ited to fish of over one-half
pound In weight.' Must be
taken with hook and line
only. . . '
STEELHEADS — Above tide
water, between March 31
and November 1. In* tide
; water, between 3Iarch 31
V and February 1.
BLACK; BASS— Between June
30 and January 1. Hook and
'line only.
Cruising Corinthians Re
turn To-Morrow to
Tiburon.
MEMBERS' day will be celebrated
to-morrow at the Sausalito Club
house of the San Francisco Yacht
Club. In pursuance of the policy
of £iving as many events as possible of
a kind likely to interest both the owners
s.nd non-yachting members a programme
cf aquatic sports has been prepared by a
cemmittee consisting of Commodore R.
S. Bridgman, Vice Commodore A. C. Lee,
Secretary "W. M. Edgell. A. R. Hasklns
and W. \Y. Halev.
The first event will be called a little
before 11 in the morning, so as to get
through the programme while the weath
er is warm and the water calm. It will
be a swimming race, and will be followed
by high diving from the upper veranda
01 the clubhouse. The third event will
be a barge race in the club boats, two
nien and a cockswain in each crew, the
yachts (jueen, Halcyon, Surprise, Phyllis
ana others supplying crews. The course
will be from toe torpedo destroyer Farra
gut to and round tne yacht Hover and
lack to the club wharf. Tne fourth event
will be a duck hunt, the human duck in
ti tkiff being pursued by two oarsmen in
one of the ciub boats; the duck must be
touched by the hand within a limited
number or minutes. Fifth on^the pro
gramme is walking the greasy pole, to
win in which the contestant must go out
to the end, get a Hag and bring it back.
The sixth event will be a yawl race, one
man blindfolded at each oar, and the
yuwl steered by a girl who has no rud-
Oci , but gives directions to the oarsman.
'ire course will be around a mooring and
LiiCk.
'J he seventh event is a single scull race
in yacnts' yawls, and the eighth a scull
ing race with one scull. For the canoe
sailing race there are three or four en
tries, the course being around the torpedo
destroyer * arragut, tnence to and around
the United States army transport Egbert
and back to the club wharf.
There will be tugs-of-war, i^ one of
¦which there will be half a dozen skiffs at
each end of the rope, the boats being
either placed broadside on to the tide or
the team which has the tide against it
Ltiiig ahowed an extra boat on the rope.
After the sports it is proposed to have
a parade of ine yachts, which will cruise
o\tr to the water iront and around Angel
Island or in whatever direction tne
v. either conditions lavor most. Such
r.:embers and guests its desire to take a
hail will be accommodated on the various
yachts of. the fleet.
Last Saturday the sloops Genesta,
lieda, Neptune and Speedwell of the
Corinthian Yacht Club started on the an
nual cruise up the Sacramento River. In
the absence of Commodore E. F. Sager's
tloop Edna Vice Commodore T. Jennings'
sloop Speedwell acted as flagship. The
Jleet was an unusually small one, but the
cruise is much earlier than in former
jears and many of the yachtsmen were
unable to take it. The fleet made' Mar
tinez its first rendezvous, being accom
panied to that point by many Corinthian
yachts, which returned to their Tiburon
raoorings on Sunday. The plan was to
eo through Montezuma slough and then
up the Sacramento River, the leading boat
to tie up as soon after 5 o'clock each aft
ernoon as it arrived at a convenient spot
Jhis plan was adopted last year and
v.crked well, as it insures all the fleet
keeping together. The usual custom has
tees for the rest of the fleet to sail up to
v allejo on Saturday and meet the return
ins boats at that point, but this year the
fleet v.-ill go to McNears Landing. The
tio.e does not serve well to make Vallejo
to-night, and it has been found In pre
vious years that the yachts returning
!;«? o \A)' e < r tr J p In man >'" cases do not
ttop at Vallejo. but come right down to
££,,£? l l are favorable.
Thus the fleet fails to unite at the ren
oezvous. The California sloop Pactolus
also started for an up-river cruise last
No definite disposition of the Challenger
has been made yet, though a meeting of
the subscribers to the fund was to have
been hcid during the week. It Is likely
a circular letter will be sent to all the
subscribers, calling for bids, and that she
wij^ become the property of the highest
To-day the California Yacht Club starts
£SL"* a^ 1 " a t 1 £ ruise , U P l h8 Sacramento
River Next Saturday the yachts that
cid not go on the rjiver cruise will sail up
to \allejo to meet the boats returning
from the Sacramento. g
The San Francisco and Corinthian
Yacht clubs have a cruise to McNears
Ifjnd.ng on their programme for next
baturday. This will be deferred, and the
Corinthians will cruise over to Sausallto
for , l £2 P, u n>ose of delivering the Perpet
ual Challenge cup into the hands of the
The South Bay Yacht Club held a ladles'
day and clambake at the drawbridges last
Sunday. On the 29th Inst they, will start
at <:30 a. m. from Alvlso for a cruise On
Decoration day Commodore H. A Spen
cer of the South Bay Yacht Club cruised
up the bay and dropped anchor in Oak
land Creek. He is desirous to arrange a
Cny on which the San Francisco and
South Bay yachtsmen may, meet at a
rendezvous in tbe southern part of the
tay.
The San Francisco Yacht
Club Entertains Its
Members.
DAY OF SPORT
ON THE WATER
AT SAUSALITO
-The members of the Interstate Coursing
Club will hold their first annual smoker
on .the night of July 2. " ./
Cross-Country Walk.
One week from to-mbrrow the members
of Olympic Athletic Club will join the
members of the Reliance club In a cross
country walk. The athletes from this city
will leave here on the 9:15 a. m. boat. -
The start -wili be made from Piedmont.
The ¦ walkers will ; go over the ? ridge to
Redwood Canyon and thence to 'Morago
Valley for luncheon. The re turn, journey
will be made leisurely. A large attend
ance is expected. •
SAN BAFAEL GOLFERS
TO PLAY A HANDICAP
This afternoon on the links of the San
Rafael Golf Club there will be a handicap
stroke competition for men and women
over eighteen holes, in .-place of the mixed
foursomes s«t down In the schedule.
During the past week H.> M. Sears of
Los Angeles Country Club, amateur
champion of Southern . California, has
been playing on the San . Rafael links.
He drives a remarkably long ball, one of
his drives being 240 ! yards , in the carry.
Though the course was entirely new to
him and is a difficult one to a stranger
he covered each eighten holes in 90 to 94
strokes. Three rounds, or twenty-seven
holes, showed an average of 45 strokes
for each round. ,}"¦.:
The club trophy, which takes the place
of the former Council's cup and carries
with it the match play championship of
the San Rafael Golf Club for men, was
won last Saturday by D. E. Skinner, who
defeated J. J. Crooks 3 up 1 to play in
the final round over 36 holes. On the
first two rounds J. J. Crooks was 4 up
against his opponent, but in the last two
rounds^ D. E. Skinner played a strong
game, being dormie 2 at the thirty-fourth
hole. Taking the thirty-fifth, he won the
match 3 up 1 to play. For the Women's
f^l'^v Ch ta H s the place of the former
£?ti? u "?!, ? i« Or . w ° men - and carries
with it the ladies 1 championship of th»
k U^ ™ m ?. tch pla J- Mrs - F - B- Johnson
beat Mrs. George Heazelton 3 up 2 to plav
over eighteen holes. In the final round
over thirty-six holes for the consolation
or second eight prize. E. J. ; Hooper beat
George Heazelton. 2 up 1 to playf"
CRICKETERS TO PLAY
IN GOLDEN GATE PARK
A Pacific Eleven Will Try Conclu
sions "With a Team of Players
From Marin County.
There will be a match on the recreation
grounds in Golden Gate Park to-day be
tween an eleven of the Pacific Cricket
Club and a team captained by C. P
Coles, who is residing at Sausallto.
The Marin County representatives will
be C. P. Coles. R. M. Mason, C. Bull, A
F. Chambers, the Rev. A. B. Karney T
Andrews A Westwater, W. G. Sellwoodi
George Hellman, J. M. Punnett and one
other. •
The Pacific Club will' be represent-
A d H ', C - Ca U dv - captain; F. Bennion.
A L hj. Ackom, E. A. M. Lannowe, J. J.
Theobald, T. J. A. Tiedemann, C. M.
Storrs. Dr. G. W. BIrdsall. O.E. Chand
ler, Courtney Bennett and W. Triplet.
To-morrow the Alameda team, accord
ing to the schedule of the California
Cricket Association, was to have jour
neyed to Sacramento to play its first
match of the season against the Sacra
mento Cricket Club. But, much to the
regret of the city cricketers, the game
has been declared off. The Sacramento
Cricket Club, having been deprived of the
services of H. R. and H. F. Elliott, the
two strongest players in the team, and
also having lost Mack of Fair Oaks, feels
compelled to withdraw. The cricketers
of San Francisco and vicinity hope the
Sacramento Club has not retired perma
nently.from the contests for the pennant
of 1902, but that later in- the season it will
find itself able to play the matches set
down on the schedule, especially those
ag-alnst Santa Cruz in August. If a Sac
ramento team is made up later In the
year to-morrow's match against the Ala
meda eleven might be played on one of
the open dates convenient to both clubs
The defeat of the Alameda team by the
Pacific eleven Jast Sunday places the
wearers of the scarlet and black-ln-a fa
vorable position for the^pennant of 1902.
Their percentage reads as follows: Games
played, 4; won, 4; lost, none; percentage
100. If the Sacramento team . does not
play any. of its matches two will be for
feited to the Pacifies, whose standing
will read as follows: Games, 6; won,' 6
lost, none. The Pacifies will then • have
one match to >~ play against Santa Cruz
and three more against the Alameda
team. Of these they may reasonably be
expected to win - at least 60 ;per cent,
which would give them a percentage for
the'season of. 80. As the Alameda eleven
has already lost three matches it cannot
get a higher percentage than 70.' even if it
should win, by default or defeat' of its
opponents, all its remaining matches.
PREPARATIONS for the annual
championship rowing regatta on
. Lake Merritt, July 4, are being
made, and the prospect for a highly
sucessful event is good. The Portland
Rowing Club will send a four-oared crew
and a single-sculler. President W. B.
Hinchman of. the . Pacific Association of
the Amateur Athletic Union has received
the entry of a junior barge crew and eln
gle-sculler from the Stockton Athletic As
sociation. The entries close at S p. m. on.
Monday, the 30th Inst;, at the Olympic
Club.
It appears the South End Rowing Club
will have no. senior barge" crew, "but it
will be represented In the intermediate
and junior barge races. The intermediate
barge crew of the club is going out near
ly every night for practice, and should
give a good account of itself. It consists
of Dr. C. C. Dennis, bow; Ed Wolf, No.
2; J. P. Foley, . No. 3, and Frank Baker,
stroke.
The intermediate and junior barge crews
of the Ariel Rowing Club are going out
every night from the South Ends' house.
1 The Ariel Rowing Club lias been in ex
istence for thirty years and will celebrate
the event next month by a banquet. Al
though several members have left the
club since the boathouse on Long Wharf
had. to be abandoned, the rest have held
together, and after a hard struggle to
maintain the club's existence are very
hopeful. The finances are in good condi
tion and the construction of the proposed
new boathouse will soon be begun. The
membership roll is growing, seventeen
members having been initiated at the
last meeting. These were Dr. J. J. Crow
l? y * ¥f n lX Thompson, Thomas F. Quinn,
fatrick McNamara, H. J. Lewald, M..J.
|^ rt j Edward Murpby , Andrew Quinn,
Frank W. Wolff, J. J. Ade, Harry Rellly
¦^.¦Levine, Fred Butler, Albert Wheelan
Albert J. Arens and Thomas S. Mulvey.
U is expected ' from fifteen to twent
new members will be Initiated at the next
meeting and that the club roll will be
filled to its limit of one hundred members.
w < ni n ifAM er the K regatta on July 4 the club
will hold a schooner trip and clambake,
the arrangements for which are being
r?™ by a committee consisting o?
George McGuinness. Henry Lester
Thomas Quinn, William Howe and E J
Lynch.- -
COURSING men with fleet greyhounds
are preparing their charges for the
seventh renewal of the ladies' day
champion stake. This valuable event
¦vrtll be decided at Union Coursing Park
July 6, and will be the feature of a. three
days' meeting.
It is limited to sixteen hounds and al
ways attracts the best in the State. The
entrance fee is $25 for each dog. The
Union Park management will add $620,
making a total purse of $1020. The purse
is apportioned by a. committee of the nom
inators on the night of the draw. It is
expected last year's division will be ad
ht-red to. Under this the winner receives
$300, runner-up $200. next two $100 each,
and to next four $50 each. The dog beat
en in the first round by the ultimate win
ner will receive $40, that beaten by the
runner-up $30 and by third and fourth $25
esch.
A sapling stake and a reserve stake will
be run to a conclusion to-day at Union
Park. A class reserve stake will be run
down once. The remaining rounds, with
a special stake and a consolation event,
will form to-morrow's card. The likely
winners look to be:
Sapling stake — Real Pasha, Tricksy and May
Flush.
Reserve stake — Melrose, Game Bird, Dragon
Fly. Crockett Hill, Partial Eclipse, Rustic Ar
bor. Lily Wriznt and Eastlake.
Class reserve — Jennie Noys, Sugarcane, Black
Coon, Aeneae, Gold Hill, Kaal Aristocrat, Va
grant, Gay City, Rollicking Airs, Little Sister.
Cloudburst. Glaucus, Fly by Night, Sernaronius,
Miss Brummel, May Hempstead, White Hat,
O'Hara. Yellowtail, Piker, Flower of Gold,
Motto, Miranda and Prompto.
Special stake— Silver Cioud, Cascade, Roy
Hughle. Homer Boy, Vandal, Tyrone Prince,
Game Boy. Tame Tralee, Palo Alto, Dewdrop.
Liberator. Tralee Boy, Ireland, Fair Oaks, Full
Moon and Rural Artist.
The careful manner in which A. R. Cur
tis handles the best dogs in his kennel
fabould be an object lesson to other own
ers. Beacon, Rector, Flying Fox, Luxor
and other cracks are handled like stake
horses, being sent for only the most im
portant events. They show the effects of
this care, coming out fresh each time
and invariably getting their share of the
prizes. Many great young greyhounds
have been ruined by being run too fre
quently and in not getting sufficient time
to recover from the effects of hard
coursing.
P. J. Horgan has bred Maid of the Mill,
by Skyrocket, to T. J. Cronin's Wild Tra
lee. This is expected to prove a great
cross. . .
J. Tierney has bought Partial Eclipse
from Mr; Horgan.
The Concord Driving Club" has pur
chased sixty acres of land near Concord
for the site of a racetrack. Ten thousand
dollars will be spent on it immediately.
The Infield, which Is pronounced admira
bly adapted for the purpose, will be used
for coursing. Many men near Concord
are interested in greyhounds, and a
meeting will undoubtedly be held there
this winter.
George Shannon thinks so well of his
new greyhound Happy Butte that he will
course it here. He knows the class he
will meet, but has great hopes of the Los
Angeles greyhound distinguishing itself.
The management of Union Park an
nounces a' puppy stake will be run on
July 12 and a sapling stake on the 19th.
The second payment of $2 50 on the Cal
ifornia Futurity stake will be due July 1.
The remaining payment of $5 will be due
on the night of the draw. The stake will
be run in September.
Entries for Champion
ship Races Close
on the 30th.
Eastern Kennels Will
Lend New Life to
the Sport.
South End Clubhouse Is
the Scene of Much
Activity.
Giving Their Hounds a
Careful "Prep" for
Rich Stake.
STOCKTONIANS
WILL ROW ON
LAKE MERRITT
COURSING MEN
ARE READY FOR
LADIES' DAY
OAKLAND Canoe Club was founded
on January 23, 1886, with fourteen
charter members, among whom
were W. W. Blow of the canoe3
Mystic and Zephyr, A. Dalton Harrison
of the canoe Flirt, Hervey Darneal of
the canoes White Cap and Zoe Mon and
W. Q. Morrow of the canoe Volant. -
The boathouse of the old Mystic Boat
club, which stood on Oakland Creek at
the foot of Alice street, was bought and
remodeled to suit the purposes of the
canoe club. The quarters of the club are
situated on Sessions Basin, near Clinton
station, and contain a large boatroom,
a clubroom, dressing-room, ladies' room
and pantry. The sailing course stretches
for two miles up the creek and for three
miles down the bay.
The officers of the Oakland Canoe Club
are as follows:- Commodore, Philip Ca
duc, owner of the big sloop Annie and the
half-rater Zephyr; vice commodore, How
ard S3. Byxbee, owner of the slocp N14
nette and the canoe Whim; secretary,
Charles Stewart, part owner of the sloop
Beatrice. . • . .-
Or. Decoration day. Independence day,
snd Admission day, the Holiday cup is
raced for, and four times during the year
the Mayrisch- badge Is sailed for by the
canoeists. On these days the members
receive their friends, providing them with
luncheon and dinner, taking them out for
cruises on the creek and amusing them
with sailing and swimming races. At
night a dance is given in the boathouse.
The weather on the creek on May 30 of
this year was so stormy and rough that
it was found impossible to carry out the
canoe races, which will probably be held
on the 29th inst. On an early Sunday,
when the tide is suitable, the canoeists
will cruise to the boathouse of the Enci
nal Yacht Club at Alameda and will hold
races off the Alameda shore. ;
The flag of the Oakland Canoe Club Is
a pointed burgee 10 by 15 Inches in di
mensions, having a white star on a blue
disc in the center of a red field.
spired the Angels with a deal of confi
dence. His action, however, wa3 expect
ed all along, and Connie Mack a ill be a
lucky man if he holds the erratic south
paw as long as Morley did.
Jackson, the ' former New York Giant
who plays left for Morley. is one of the
fastest and cleverest fielders ever seen on
the local field. If he can get his battinE
tit n°nd^t^ 5 g e 0 a° S d oi 0rm he Sh ° Uld *°™
EDDIE HOUSEHOLDER, Morleys
. heavy-hitting center fleld«r, \ has
been chosen to captain the Angels.
/¦¦¦¦'¦ He takes the place of Rellly, whd
resigned and refused to again accept the
responsibility of steering the southern
swingers into pennant harbor.
.- It :<-/remains to. be seen how the
new leader • will handle the players.
Householder was | never popular outside
of Los Angeles, but nevertheless he is a
great ball player and always out to win.
It is easy to i manage the Angels when
they are winning games,, but the captain
has a variety. of trouble when the team
goes the toboggan route. /
The Ponies and the Angels are making
an interesting fight for second place in
the race for the flag.: From indications
the Ponies have the upper haml for the
present at least, and snould better their
condition during the coming series with
Mike Fisher's benators.
There never seems to be any enthu
siasm in- the games across the bay ex
cept when the Oaklands are playing. Tha
other teams put up a good article of
ball, but the suburban fans never seem
able to appreciate it.
Kane is beginning to prove a surprise
to, many of the wise ones, who imagined
he was a gold brick. He has already won
two games this • week against the south
erners best pitchers, and will! probably
be given another chance to-morrow. If
he. wins three in one week he will have
the record all to himself "
Harris of the ;¦ Ponies states
that within a month he will have under
his charge the. fastest team of ball play
ers that ever chased the sphere on a
California diamond. The ball market Is be
ginning. to loosen up, and the local mag
nate : has ; four or five new stars all but
signed. < •: •/; • ¦ •
Big^McCreedle still continues to ham
mer^ the ball around the lot. If he keeps
up his present gait he will be in a class
t>y,,himself within a short I time." Mac.
unlike 'most -premier stickers, does not
slug the ball. ; but gets most of his hits
on singles over. the Inflelders 1 heads.
. Elmer Meredith seems to be the losing
twirler of the Pony aggregation. At tha
beginning of the season he was the only
winner, ,but l hard luck has. attacked the
clever little "southpaw and he generally
na& one bad Inning, which always proves
disastrous. ••• '¦ - '¦ . .. .
'Now that Rube Waddell has blown out
of the stronghold of the balmy south it
looks as though the Angels will receive a
severe* shock. - -Waddell was the best- ball
player in, the league, and his presence in-
Swimming Is a Necessary
Accomplishment for
the Sailors.
Henry 1 Harris Has His
Eyes ! on Several
; New Stars.
Oakland Club Has Many
Experts Among Its
Members.
Ponies and Angels in
Xlose Fight for Su
premacy. <
CANOE SAILING
IS HAZARDOUS
BUT POPULAR
MORLEY NAMES
HOUSEHOLDER
AS CAPTAIN
HOWARDS. BYXBEE IS SHOWN IN THE CENTRAL PICTURE SAIL
ING HIS CANOE ON OAKLAND ESTUARY. TO 'OVERCOME PRES
SURE OF HUGE SAIL AREA CANOEISTS USE A SLIDING SEAT.
.Violate the Liquor Law.
Ludwlg H. Hansen, proprietor of a re
sort at 771 Market street, and James Rob
inson, his bartender, were arrested yes
terday by Policemen Hellman and Gaugh
ran on a charge of selling liquor without
a license. The •officers visited tfae plac^
Thursday afternoon In plain. clotnes and
played poker. They were served with
liquor and cigars during the games.
FROM advices received by*the officers
of the California State Flsh Commis
sion, the law prohibiting: the sale of
trout weighing less than half a
pound Is already showing beneflcient re
sults.
It has had the effect of reducing the
number of market fishermen, as It does
not pay them to flsh when there is such a
strongly defined line drawn between what
they may and may not sell. Large flsh.
those greater than a pound in weight, are
being taken In numbers from the Sacra
mento and from the Truckee.
Five and six pound trout are being
taken near Truckee. Deputy Fish Com
missioner Welch saw one man near
Truckee on Saturday with eight fish
which averaged three pounds each. The
anglers are using the brown hackle, gray
hackle with yellow body and the Reuben
Wood.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Cooper and George
Walker have returned from a two weeks'
outing on the Upper Sacramento. The
sport was getting better every day up
to the time their vacation ended.
. There are said to be more large fisn
between Le Moyne and the headwaters
of the Sacramento, some forty miles
above, than ever before. This is especial
ly noticeable above Dunsmuir. The
angling is good in front of Shasta Springs,
the trout ranging from one to two and a
half pounds in weight. All the small
streams emptying into the Sacramento
are said to be full of fish. These are not
as large as those taken from the main
stream. .
The trout have just commenced to rise
at Webber Lake and are taking the fly.
C. J. Stovel has been one of the moat
successful of the anglers there. He land
ed a 4H-Pound Loch Leven after a great
battle and lost one which, from-hls ap
pearance and strength, he thought mu3t
have Weighed seven pounds.
C. C. Kinsey sent down a fine box of
fish from Independence Lake on Wednes
day. There are many anglers there, all
getting good returns. A market fisher
man took eighty fish in two hours. With
a companion he caught 115 pounds in a
day. These men fished from rafts, each
man using three rods. These are light
bamboo affairs, such as are used by tha
boys along the wharves. The fish are all
taken on bait, a method which the fly
fishermen scorn.
Reports from Tahoe are not as encour*
aging as from tho other mountain lakes,
few flsh being taken:
Al Cummingr, W. C. Leavitt and Wife,
Dr. Murphy and wife. "W. Elliott and
Prank Lacoste left for Webber Lake dur
ing the week. They took canvas boats
and will fish- in Bass Lake and all the
small lakes in the vicinity of Webber.
"Walter D. Mansfield, president of the
San Francisco Fly-casting- Club, haa
gone to Yosemtte ¦ Valley on a vacation
trip. He will test his skill. as an angler
in the well stocked streams of the valley.
James "Watt is on the Upper Sacramento
and is reported to be- enjoying himself
hugely.
Charles Precht left yesterday for Floris
ton, on ; the Truckee, famous for the
grand fishing it affords in- that vicinity.
Among the arrivals at Verdi during the
week were: Thomas Rickard and wife,
Berkeley; John C. Hill and son, Oakland:
L. P. Fitzgerald, 'Mill Valley; D. J. Daly
and wife. J. W. Shields, Mrs. John Spohn
and child. John Parrott, E. M Pissis anil
A. Roullier of this city.
W. C. Murdock and Frank Maskey are
enjoying the angling.- at Webber take.
They have sent do*rn somfc fine fish to
friends.
R. Powers in two days* fishing at
Boca took 140 trout of a total weight
of 67 pounds.
E. M. Goodman has had good luck at
Floriston. using, a Roosevelt hackle with
yellow body.
Fly Fishing Is Reported
Good at Webber
Law Governing Size of
Fish to Be Sold Is
Effective.
LARGE TROUT
BEING TAKEN
NEAR TRUCKEE
4XEW YORK, June 20. — Sheepsh«ad Bay re
eults:
First race. e!x furlongrs. selling — Lady Holy
rcod won. Sweet Clover second, .Klirteneer third.
Time. 1:14 1-5.
Second race, maiden, three-year-olds, one
ir.ile and a furlong — Juvenalis won, Adelaide
Prince second. Cuspidor third. Time. 1:55 1-5.
Third race, last five and ah alt furlongs of
Futurity course — Irish Lad won, Daisy Green
•teond, Ada Slay third. Time, 1:07 4-5.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile — Cameron
¦wen, Dublin second, Bellario third. Time, 1 :30.
Fifth race, last five and a half furlonea of
Futurity course — Hurslbourne won. Athel sec
ond, Meitonian third. Time. 1:07 1-5.
Sixth race, mile and a quarter, on turf, sell
ing — Fatalist won. Merito second. Prince
Eichard third. Time. 2:07.
CHICAGO, June 20. — Harlem summary:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Mallory
won, Stemwlnder second. Allan third. Time
:55 S-5.
Second race, s!x furlongs — Nellie "Waddell
von. Alard second. Ice King third. Time, 1:14.
Third race, steeplechase, handicap, short
course — Falella won, Farrell second, McLaren
third. Time. 3:38 3-5.
Fourth race, mile and an eighth — Frangible
won. Prowl second. Marshal Neil third. Time
1:56.
Fifth race, mile and a Quarter, selling — Ar.
tlcuiare wan. Searcher second, Com.pa.es third.
Time, 2:11.
Sixth race, rRile, selling— Learoyd won. Dt&by
Bell eecond. Matin Bell third. Time. 1 :46 2-5.
Seventh race, mile and a sixteenth — Vin
cennes won. Balrd second. Miss Liza third.
Time. 1:51.2-5.
ST. LOUIS, June 20. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, five furlongs, purse, two-year
olds — Robert G. Lansing won. Pathos second,
Frank Bullock third. Time. 1:04.
Second race, six furlongs, selling — Boodler
¦won. Lynch second. FUgurtha third. Time,
1:08.
Third race, mile and a half, purse — TVall
won. Pat My Boy second. Countess Clara third.
Time, 2:53%.
Fourth race, six furlongs, parse — Frank Bell
¦won. Fitzkanet second, Odnor third. Time,
1:16.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth, telling —
Pirate's Daughter won, Ida Ledford second,
Jim Winn third. Time, 1:53.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, selling — Revoke
trcn, Joe Lesser second. Prince Plenty third.
Time. 1:33.
BUFFALO. K. T.. June 20.— Fort Erie sum
ir-ary:
First race, elx and a half furlongs — Velma
Clark won. The Elba second, VIolente third.
Time. 1:21^.
Second race, five furlongs — Dinksle won,
TV'ootsack second, Indian Child third. Time,
1:20^.
Third race, one mile — Taxman won, Anna
Lauretta second. Ducessa third. Time. 1:4OV4.
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling — Cadhassel
¦wen The Comer second. Johnny McCarthy
third. Time. 1 :14.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs — Filibus
ter won. Euclaire second. Bean third. Time,
1:21H-
Sixth race, se\ - en and a half furlongs — Lady
of the West won. Cherry Wild second, Ocle
Brooks third. Time, 1:35.
ARTICULATE A WINNER
AT HARLEM TBACK
Though Owner Baldwin and Trainer
Spiers both announced positively that
Cruzadcs would not start, owing: to the
slight injury received in the Derby trial
race at Harlem, they appeared to-day to
change their minds. They now announce
there is a strong possibility that the son
of the Emperor of Norfolk will go to the
post-
There has been Quite a rumor also that
the famous Santa Anita stable is counting
on Escalar.te to carry its colors and that
Cruzados is not really as good a colt as
Escalante.
CHICAGO, June 20.— Thirteen horses
are entered to start In to-morrow's
American Derby. It Is possible one
or two others will be added to the
list to-morrow morning, making one of
the largest fields ever seen in the race.
The practical assurance of a heavy
track may be responsible for the starting
of several horses whose owners think
they will have a chance In this kind of go-
Ing, which they would not have under
other conditions. Owners do not have to
make their final declarations until 10
f o'clock to-morrow morning, and it Is pos
sible that some surprises may be sprung
at the last moment The list as announc
ed to-night, together with the latest bet
ting, lollows:
Cruzados May Yet Carry
Baldwin's Colors in
the Race.
Heavy Track Is Assured
Owing to Recent
Rains.
LARGE FIELD
CARDED FOR
THE DERBY
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that a posthumous child has no legal
status in an action for damages. Annie
Daubert brought suit for and recovered
$5000 damages for the death of her hus
band through the alleged negligence or
the Western Meat Company. A child was
born subsequently, and action for further
damages was brought in its name. The
court holds that the suit is wholly -with
out merit.
Loses Suit for Damages.
A similar injunction, pending the pro
ceedings In the suit of the Pacific States
Telephone and Telegraph Company
against Tax Collector Smith, was issued
by Judge Morrow. The company alleges
that the assessment of $1,500,000 on its
franchise is $1,200,000 in excess of the
actual cash value of the same and asks
to have . the assessment set aside.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow is
sued a restraining order yesterday
against Tax Collector E. J. Smith, com
manding him. to cease further proceedings
in the matter of the contemplated sale of
the property of Wells, Fargo & Co. for
delinquent taxes for the fiscal year end
ing June 30, 1902. The company alleges
that it was assessed arbitrarily in the sum
of $750,000 for Its franchise, which assess
ment is alleged to be Inordinately in ex
cess of its actual value. The company
asks that the assessment be set aside.
TAX COLLECTOR SMITH
ENJOINED FROM SELLING
The three park courts that were oiled
last week are In excellent condition at
preEent. The remaining courts will be put
in the same condition shortly.
The Gutte cup was finally disposed of
last Tuesday on the courts of the Ala
meda Tennis Club, when it became the
property of Miss Emma Hunter. The
winner took the cup three times in suc
cession and thereby proved she is easily
the best lady player in Alameda County.
Miss Hunter's opponent on Tuesday was
Mrs. Klncald, who played an excellent
game, despite the v fact that she was suf
fering with a sprained hand. The match
was pronounced one of the best played
by women in many months. The score
in Miss Hunter's favor was 6 — i, 2— €, 6— L
The loser played a strong net game, but
her opponent's swift . chop strokes were
usually out of her reach. By virtue of
this victory Miss Hunter becomes cham
pion of Alameda County for the present
year.
The San Mateo tournament is the first
of the kind ever held in that county, and
will undoubtedly be an interesting event.
Only those will be eligible to enter who
have been residents of San Mateo County
at least two months prior to July 4. The
tournament will commence on the 3d and
fce finished on the following day, when the
final match will be played. A handsome
silver cup has been offered, and must be
v. r on twice successively before becoming
the permanent property of any player.
The Park Tennis Club is planning a
series of doubles tournaments. Two sil
ver cups have been donated and will -be
played for until won three times by one,
team. Only members of the club will be
eligible to play. ;
Iwo important events are scheduled for
the Fourth of July. One will be played
on the Hotel Rafael courts, San Rafael,
and the other on the Hotel Mateo courts,
San Mateo. The former will be a scratch
singles tournament for the State cham
pionship. The State tournament was in
augurated last year and was won by
George F. Whitney. JPlay will begin on
the morning of the 2d and the final match
will be played at 2:30 on the afternoon of
the 4th. There will also be a consolation
doubles for those beaten in their first
match. Valuable prizes have been offered
for both events. George Whitney has .de
cided to enter the singles tournament and
is a strong favorite for championship
honors again this year. Besides the best
players of the California Tennis Club
many of the crack players from the park
and from Alameda County are expected to
enter.
. In\ the first class the cup was won by
Will Allen, the first time and by Charles
Dunlap the [ second time. It is expected
the 'trophy will go to - one of the- two
eventually.- In the second class Kenneth
Marr won the" first tournament and M. C.
Campbell the second. The former did not
play in the last ' tournament, and it ia
doubtful which of the two will win. Grif
fin is improving rapidly and stands a good
chance in this class. - -
Second class: First round— A. McFar
land vs. "G. Reading; I* D; Roberts vs.
W. F. Stapff; G. F. Osborne vs. E. P.
Flnnigan; R. W. Turner vs. C. Griffln; H.
Eaer vs. H. A. Turner; G. A: Cumming3
vs. G. Touchard; E. F. LJelach vs. I* C.
Bczart; G. Janes vs. Philip Martin; Scott
Lewis vs. T. D. Black; E. H. Clear va.
A. Rosehstern; B. McFarland vs. W. Mc-
Kenna; - E. Miller vs. M. C. Campbell;
Kenneth Marr vs.. Alec Beyfuss; L>. W.
Keiser vs. C. Col man; C. C. Say re vs. J.
L. Smith; E. A. Averell vs. Charles Foley.
; courts. The players are divided into
two classes and the matches will be as
follows: First class: Preliminary round —
W. D. Geary vs. W. B. Lee; H. E. Routh
vs. T. : W. Tetley. First round— L. R.
Thierbault vs. Will Allen:, George Bates
a bye; James A. Code a bye; Charles Dun
lap vs. W. Hotchkiss. .
THE third tennis tournament for the
silver challenge cups will be played
to-morrow on the Golden Gate Park
Players Are Training for
Independence Day
Matches.
Third Tournament Is
Scheduled for To-
Morrow.
SILVER CUPS
FOR THE PARK
TENNIS MEN
CAMBRIDGE, Mass.. June 20.— In the pres
ercce of 12,000 spectators Talft won an easy
victory over Harvard in the first of their an
nual series of baseball games. It was a con
test of pitchers, although there were only five
strikeouts In the game. Score:
Yale.. 0 0 0 10 0 6 0 0—7
Harvard 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2 0— 3
Yale Nine Defeats Harvard.
The San Francisco Wheelmen will hold
a ten-mile race from High street, Fruit
vale, to Haywards to-morrow, starting
at 10:30 a, m. Much Interest Is manifest
ed in the tryout.
The San Francisco Wheelmen have ac
cepted the challenge of the Reno, Nev.,
Wheelmen for a fifty-mile relay race, to>
take place at Reno on July 13. The local
club will send fourteen men, including
ten riders, two extra men, a captain and
a trainer. The race will be a notable one.
as some of the fastest riders on tne coast
are entered. The Reno men defeated the
San Francisco club last year, and tha
local cracks expect to win back their lost:
laurels.
Cyclers Will Race at Reno.
A meetlrg of the San Francisco Scottish
Bowling Club was held In Scottish Hall
last, night, President Y. C. Law3on in the
chair. There was a large attendance.
Seventeen new members were elected,
bringing the membership up to SO. A
series of games to be played during tho
season wa3 arranged. It was decided to
set apart every Wednesday and Saturday
from 2 to 8 p. m. as club days. Members
will always find some of the committee
present on the green so that they can
have a game. On July 4 a match will be
played between the Oakland and San
Francisco members of the club on the
present green at the recreation grounds.
There will be a grand tournament at the
formal opening of the new green on Sep
tember 9 for a prize to be given by the
club in the shape of a handsome pair of
bowls.
SCOTTISH BOWl^ERS MEET
AND ARRANGE SOME GAMES
Ladies' Class From- San Francisco
Turn Verein Will Take Part
for First Time.
The members of San Franciaco Tuna
"Verein will journey to San Jose to-day to
take part in the gymnastic and field con
tests at the district tournament The affair
opens to-day and will continue until Wed
nesday. The following members of tha
Turn Verein, Including its ladies' class,
will compete:
Third (highest) grade (apparatus work) —
Fred Attlnger Jr., Louis Hlnz, William Hoff
man.
Second grado (apparatus work) — Fred Hoff
rcan, Fred Struven, Carl Troet. Henry Stehlln.
Julius Baumgarten, Joe Meyers. Herman
Steinbruck.
Third (highest) group (field sports) — Fred
Attlnger Jr., William Hoffman, Fred Hoff
man, Li. B. Hammond, Carl Scheihlng, Ernest
Trost, Charles Sahrbacher.
Second group (field sports)— -W. Hoffman,
Fred Hoffman.
Wrestling — Fred Hoffman, Carl Trost. Jo«
Meyers, L. B. Hammond, Karl Scheihing,
Ernest Trost, Charles Sahrbacher.
Swimming — Fred Attlnger, I* B. Hammond.
Charles Sahrbacher.
Club-swinging— Louis Hlnz.
Fencing— Carl Trost, Frit* Zecher, A.
Schuppert, Fritz Attinger.
Senior class (In gymnastic exhibition) — Fred
Attinger Sr.. W. Schroeder, John Simmen, C.
Abraham. George Gehrkens, Robert Cook, B.
Hishier. Ferd Fischer. Ed Lewis, Joe Straub.
J. D. •Butter, B. Schoenberg, A. M. Gross, A.
Schuppert.
Ladles' class (in gymnastic exhibition) —
The Misses Julia Schroeder. M. Eggerling, C.
Trost, A. Kalmuk, I. Kalmuk, E. Plagemann,
I. Plagemann, H. Korn. Llna Sablat, Lama
Sablat, A. Bergmann, A. Schmidt. E. Planz,
L. Sless.
Judges, representing the local verein — Fred
Attlnger Sr., Dr. Ferd Fischer, Hans Goetz.
GYMNASTS WILL COMPETE
IN SAN JOSE TOURNEY
In the preliminaries Spike Foley defeat
ed Joe O'Neil and Curley Greenwood lost
to Young Choynskl.
Donovan showed to the better advan
tage at Infighting. Murphy displayed
good foot work and was quick to follow
up his attacks. Donovan knocked Mur
phy down four times during fourteen
rounds, but appeared reluctant or too
weak to go In and finish his man. Once
In the third round Murphy caught Dono
van, napping, stepped in and dazed Mike
with a volley of stiff lefts: Donovan
saved himself until the bell came to his
relief. Both boxers took a severe drub
bing and showed remarkable recuperative
powers. Phil Wand was Teferee. Tha
men. weighed in at 152 pounds.
Murphy was aggressive and willing all
the way. He started the crim3on from
Donovan's left eye In the first round, and
several times during the contest the
Rochester boxer was watching his op
ponent with but one good lamp.
• round of a scheduled fifteen-round
fight last night before the Acme Club of
Oakland. The combined shock o* a swift
left to the jaw and the force with which
Murphy's head struck the floor after re
ceiving it put the Australian In dizzy land
for -five minutes.
MIKE DONOVAN of Rochester
knocked out Tim Murphy of Aus
tralia in the last half of the last
Gong Saves the Winner
From Defeat in the
With* but a Few Moments
to Go He Knocks Out
the Australian.
DONOVAN WINS
FROM MURPHY
IN LAST ROUND
The Bay City Athletic Club has made
the. following matches between boxers for
next Tuesday night at Mechanics' 'Pa
vilion Annex: Jack Hester and Dick Otto-
Billy Whiting and Jimmy Carroll; Tommy
Snailham and. Jack McCormack; Tony
Rossa and Jack Cordell; Billy McDonald
and Frank George, and Paul Martin and
Dave Byrnes.
Bay City Athletic Cluh. Boxers.
Prizefight Promoters "Fail to Secure
Restraining Order.
J. D. Glbbs, Edward Wilson and James
Neil cannot get an injunction restraining
the police from interfering with their pro
. posed contest at Mechanics' Pavilion on
the 25th unless they file a new complaint.
In this they must show . the police have
knowledge of such an affair and intend in
terfering with the promoters. The suit
for an injunction came up, yesterday be
fore Judge Sloss. The court sustained the
demurrer interposed by the Chief of Po
lice and the Sheriff and gave the attor
neys for the promoters ten days in which
to amend their complaint. Wittman and
Lackmann demurred to the complaint for
an injunction on the ground that it did
not state sufficient cause for action. They
filed affidavits in which they stated they
had no knowledge that the plaintiffs were
about' to, promote a fight and were not
preparing to interfere with them. •
INJUNCTION IS DENIED.
The weather, has been so warm that
Fitzsimmons has been doing his work at 5
o'clock in the morning. During the mid
dle of the day he takes matters easy. At
4 o'clock he goes through his work in the
improvised gymnasium. The sides of this
are open, permitting a free circulation of
whatever air is stirring.
immediately upon his arrival be was
taken to the California Hotel, where
Fitzsimmons and his wife and little boy
are registered. The entire party occupied
a box last night at the California Theater,
where the Nelll company Is presenting
"Captain Swift." They will return to
Skaggs probably to-morrow, when Fitz
simmons will settle down in earnest to the
dull routine of training.
He has the broad shoulders and .the
general appearance of a middle-weight.
He shows no signs of the great work he
did -in the ring, fighting his • way to ' the
top of the lightweight division. For some
years he has filled the position of boxing
instructor of the Chicago Athletic Asso
ciation. He has been Fitzsimmons' sec
ond in his last two fights.
He was met at the ferry by Fitzsim
mons and his young son and by Billy Jor
dan and others.' Snorting men who re
member Dawson as the noted lightweight
boxer who nearly killed Denny Needham
with his kidney punches in the old Cali
fornia Athletic Club ring will not recog
nize him. . . !
championship fight with James J.
Jeffries, arrived yesterday afternoon from
Chicago.
g~t EORGE DAWSON. who will have
1 ¥ charge of the training of "Bob"
Fitzsimmons for his forthcoming
Will Settle Down at
Skaggs Springs at ; v
Once. ;
Former Lightweight to
* Head: His* Staff of
Trainers.
DAWSON COMES
TO CONDITION
FITZSIMMONS
Now \ is , the time to | take
your camera with you on your
vacation trip— but before you
go be sure to read the first of
the series of "Photographic
Hints for Amateur Photog
raphers'^ that will appear in
next Sunday's [ Call, and in
stead of failures you will hava
some good photographs as
souvenirs, v ¦'. V
At" a meeting »of the Humane Society
yesterday- Secretary. Holbrook's monthly
report showed that 207 cases of alleged
cruelty had been investigated, 202 animals
relieved and three \ persons convicted
through the instrumentality of officers of
the organization. Edward Obenheim,
Mrs. J. M. Brownell, Miss Grace Thorn
and George L. Parham were elected to
membership. The ladies of the Animals'
Home Refuge Association were given
permission to hold a benefit rummage
sale on the society's, property, at Six
teenth and Alabama streets during .the
first. week in July. -, .
Humane Society! Meets.
Jerome B. Stanford, representing the
firm of G. W. Clark & Co., dealers in wall
paper, filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. His libllltles are. stated as $22,521
and assets as $23,-100 55. Of the assets $20,
000 represents ; the value of the stock on
hand. The heaviest creditors are William
Campbell & Co., San Francisco, $7449 88;
Mrs. I M.I C. - Babin, San Francisco, $19S0;
Bank cf California, $2700, and Mrs. C. D.
Stanford, $1335 15. The , firm had been *.n
business for more than twenty years. Mr.
Stanford Is a nephew of the late Senator
Stanford.
Wall Paper Firm Fails.
' The trial of the suit of Anthony Robert
Marshall against George W. McNear was
had yesterday before United States Dis
trict Judge de Haven. The suit was
brought by Marshall on behalf of the firm
of Macvicar, Marshall & Co. of Liverpool,
one of the owners of the British ship
John Cooke, to recover $1800 from McNear
for eighteen days' detention at the wharf
In this city while unloading cargo con
signed from Antwerp to McNear. The
vessel arrived here during the month of
July 1901, and "on the 30th of that month
the unloading of the ship was stopped by
order of McNear because the teamsters
were on strike and no men could be had
to move the cargo. It was testified that
1850 teamsters had gone on strike and that
it was unsafe for any person to drive a
team- without permission of the Team
sters' Union during the pendency of the
trouble. The delay in unloading the ship
was claimed to be unavoidable on -the
part of the consignee. The case was sub
mitted on briefs. ';•;,'
Strike Delayed tho Unloading
of the John Cooke.
Testimony Shows .That Teamsters*
CASE AGAINST McNEAH
SUBMITTED ON BRIEFS
John Milton Evans, proprietor of a sa
loon at 116 Eddy street, who is being sued
for divorce by Elizabeth Evans on the
ground of infidelity, filed an answer yes
terday denying hia wife's charges. In a
cross complaint he asks that he b© grant
ed a divorce on the ground that their mar
riago ia illegal, having been, he alleges,
performed at Reno in July, 1899, three
months after Mrs. Evans had procured
a divorce from J. B. Kenny.
John A. Townley, who was sued for
support by his wife, Clar» EL Townley,
has consented to pay his wife $30 a month.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Annie Cervieres from Casimier Cer
vieres for neglect, Fred W. Clark from
Sadie E. Clark for desertion and Fannie
Henry from John Henry for desertion.
Julia B. Randle brought a suit for di
vorce against Edward Randle yesterday,
alleging failure to provide. They were
married in January, 1900.
John H. Meyer is being sued for divorce
by Sadie C. Meyer on the grounds of fail
ure to provide and cruelty. They were
married in 1896 and have a child. .
Eugene Megy, a. barber at 167 Ninth
street, is the defendant In a suit for di
vorce filed by Mrs. Maud Megy yesterday.
Mrs. Megy charges her husband with cru
elty and neglect.
Are Granted to Several Un
happy Couples.
Files Complaint for Divorce — Decrees
MRS. MEGrY CHARGES
HUSBAND WITH CRUELTY
Johnny Reiff Pilots Victor Don Un
der "Wire First — Maher and
Jenkins Win.
LONDON, June 20.— The return of the
rainy weather to-day dampened the spir
its of the occupants of 'the country houses
at Windsor and around Ascot. The at
tendance at the races was in no way com
parable with that of the earlier days of
the meeting.
The Ascot hlghweight stakes was won
by Victor Don, ridden by J. Relff.
¦The Duke of Portland's William The
Third (Cannon) won the Alexandra plate;
Osboch (Maher) was second and Amer
Picon (Rigby) third. Six horses started.
The principal race of the day, the Wok
ingham Stakes (handicap for three-year
olds and up, six furlongs), was won by
an outsider, His Lordship. Papdale was
second and Pinnar third. Twenty-five
horses started.
The starting gate refused to act in the
contest for the Wokingham stakes and
only' about half the starters were away
properly and completed the course. There
was some discussion as to whether ¦ the
race ought to be run again, but the stew
ards decided this was not necessary.
Leopold D. Rothschild, the owner of the
favorite, Vatel, subsequently lodged a
protest against the event* being declared
a race.,. The protest was ' overruled.
Arthur James* colt by St. Serf-EIsted
ford, on which Maher had the mount, won
the Windsor Castle stakes.
Fowling Piece (C. Jenkins) won the for
ty-ninth triennial stakes.
RAIN MARS THE' SPORT
AT ROYAL ASCOT RACES
LJEUTENANTS KELLY AND
O'KEEFE, IN COMMAND OF THE
COMPANY B ENCAMPMENT.
Special Referee E. H. Heacock submit
ted his report yesterday, to United States
District Judge de Haven in the case of M.
R. Morgan and others against the Cali
fornia National Bank of San Francisco.
The action was brought for the purpose
of obtaining a distribution of the money
to the stockholders of the bank and of
the funds belonging to the bank in the
hands of T. K. Stateler. : .
The referee decided that Thompson and
Wilson had waived their right to share
in the fund now in the possession of the
agent; that R. P. Thomas was not bound
by the agreement of dismissal in the
stockholders' suit brought by Chetwood;
that R. P. Thomas was at the time of
the failure of. the bank the real owner of
1020 shares of the capital stock, and that
as such real owner he was liable Jointly
with the record owner for the assessment
levied by the Comptroller on the. said 1020
shares.- The referee finds the total In
debtedness to be $24,379 88, which repre
sents the amount to be paid by the.re
maining shareholders— that is, 2000 sharea
less the 625 shares owned by Thompson
and Wilson. Each shareholder who has
paid more than $17 73 per share is entitled
to receive back the amount be has paid
in excess of that sudo-
Entitled to Receive of the Re
maining Funds.
Decides What the Stockholders Are
EEFEREE HE A COCK FILES
j REPORT IN BANK CASE
W. Fisher and, H. Cory vs. J. Condon and
Dr. R. Longerbach ; J. . D. Mahoney and A.
Collins vs. G. Cunningham and F. P. HayneB;
G. B. Hayward and C." Barry vs. J. P. Duffy
and T. J. Lydon; G. Kelly and V. Holland vs.
F. Holland and W. Gaaey; Dr. B. Wachhorst
and H. Orr vs.' C. Johnson and W. Rancell;
W. Rellly and F. Robertson vs.'J. Griff en and
W. Hanley; E. J. Morgan and V. Hayes vs.
J. Kennealy and G. Fick;. W. Reid and I.
O'Neill vs. R. Donovan and F. Creely.
The following handball players will
compete in matches to-morrow in Occi
dental Club court:
Occidental Clnh Handball.
SACRAMENTO, June 20.— Michael Fish
er, manager of the Sacramento baseball
team, arrived home this afternoon from
the East, where he went to sign > new
baseball players for his club. Although
a telegram from Ogden last evening said
he passed through that place with four
players, no one left the train in his com
pany this afternoon. When asked for the
names of his new men. Fisher would only
give the name of Stricklett, who, he said,
would be here next week. . He declined
to give the names of the other players,
saying they had to jump Eastern con
tracts and he would not tell who they
were until they had "Jumped."
Fisher Fails to Make Good.
Corhett-Sullivan Fight Is Off.
DENVER, June 20.— The proposed fight
between Young Corbett and Dave Sulli
van was officially declared off this even
ing on account of the recent action of the
Fire and Police Board in forbidding box
ing exhibitions, Manager Gallagher of the
Coliseum Athletic Club paying the $500
forfeit. Later It was . announced that
Corbett and Sullivan have agreed to fight
before the West End Club at St. L,ouis,
July 3. Charles Haughton, president of
the club, is in the city and is said to have
secured the necessary agreement with the
fighters. They are to weigh 127 pounds at
3 o'clock and will fight for 50 per cent of
the receipts, $5000 being guaranteed.
--POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y., June 20.—Vio
lent practice, time trials and the usual
hard preparation the university crews
have been going through preparatory to
the boat races are finished.
The varsity race for to-morrow is re
garded with great perplexity. If popular
judgment, with but a small proportion of
out-of-town people present, is taken, Cor
nell is the favorite. Up to late this after
noon Pennsylvania and Columbia were
the favorites for second place, but after
to-day's performances Wisconsin has
come rapidly to the front and is looked
upon as a formidable bidder for that po
sition. Some assert that Wisconsin and
Cornell will fight it out for first place in
the varsity race to-morrow. It is under
stood seats on the observation train have
been entirely sold. If the weather is fair
the crowd of spectators will be the largest
ever known in the history of the Pough
keepsie course.
College Oarsmen Race To-Day.
Expresses His Opinion, of a Question
able Decision in the Game at
Detroit.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT, Mich., June 20.— Miller kept the
hits well scattered.' Dillon was put out of
the game In the fifth for expressing his opinion
of a questionable decision by the umpire. At
tendance, 2300. Score :
R. H. E.
Detroit 3 8 3
Boston 0 7 0
Batteries — Miller and MoGulre; Dlneen and
Warner.
CHICAGO, June 20. — Chicago-Baltimore
American League game postponed; rain.
CLEVELAND. June 20. — With two men out
in the eighth inning Townsend went up in the
air and Cleveland batted out a victory. At
tendance, 2486. Score:
R, H. E.
Cleveland ; 8 .12 1
Washington 6 10 3
Batteries — Wright and Bemis; Townsend and
Clark.
ST. LOUIS. June 20.— Phlladelphla-St. Louis
game postponed; rain.
NATIONAL LEAGUE. : ¦
BOSTON. June 20.— In the first • Inning of
to-day's game Thomas singled out and Barry
batted out a home run, winning 'the game for
Philadelphia. Frazer kept Boston's hits well
scattered. Attendance, 2100. Score:
R. H.. E.
Boston 0 5 1
Philadelphia ..2 7 1
Batteries — Willis and KIttredge; Frazer and
Dooin. Umpire — Cantillon. -
. PITTSBURG. £Tune . 20.— Plttsburg-St. Louis
game postponed'; rain.
BROOKLYN. N. Y.. June 20.— The Naw
York team defeated Brooklyn in the first gamo
in the series of intercity teams at Washington
Park to-day. Attendance, 4000. Score:
R. H. E.
New York 3 6 2
Brooklyn . 1 4 0
Batteries — Evans and Bowerman; Newton
and Aheam. Umpire — Emslie.
ST. LOUIS, June 20.— The National League
game was postponed to-day on account of rain.
UMPIRE RETIRES DILLON
FOR TALKING TOO MUCH
LARKSPUR, June 20.— Company B
of the City Guard is enjoying a
month's encampment here among .
the picturesque hills and vales, in
plain view of Mount Tamalpals
and a panoramic vista of passing, yachts
upon the bay. The boys of the company
are to be complimented on their gentle
manly behavior. The leading citizens of
Larkspur and vicinity have extended un
bounded hospitality. Last Saturday even
ing the Guards gave an informal enter
tainment in their camp, which more than
200 ladies and gentlemen attended. On
Sunday Colonel O'Neill and staff, in uni
form, visited the camp for inspection,
found it strictly military and commended
the officers and privates for their efficien
cy. Afterward a dinner was partaken of
which would have been a credit to the
best rotisserie in San Francisco.
The company is to give a ball to-morrow
evening in Messner's Hall. Lieutenant W.
W. Kelly is the commanding officer of
the company and is assisted by Lieuten
ant John O'Keefe.
John W. Bourdette, the attorney, has
lost by death his great Irish setter
Prince. For .six years the well known
sportsman and his dog have been Insep
arable companions in the field. "Whether
it was on the marsh in quest of the royal
canvasback or on the upland after the
came California quail, or again in the
snipe patch. Prince was always equal to
the occasion.
He was perfectly trained for field shoot
ing by his owner, and his clever, intelli
gent work was always a source of pleas
ure to those who saw him in action;
On Sunday, while in a field near his
owner's home at Belmont, he was bitten
by a rattlesnake. There was a slight
swelling, to which Mr. Bourdette paid but
little attention at the time, thinking it was
the sting of an insect On Monday the
dog was worse and was removed to this
city for treatment by a veterinary sur
ppon. He lingered until Thursday, when
lie died. He will be burled on his owner's
place to-day with due honors.
John W. Bourdette Loses His Irish
Setter Prince, Known to a Host
of Sportsmen.
WELL-KNOWN FIELD DOG
DIES FROM SNAKE BITE
Secure Thirteen Hits Off Thomas in
. the Sacramento Game.
SACRAMENTO, June 20.— Crlstall was
in the box for Oakland to-day. He was
bo deliberate that he drove the spectators
to desperation and nine innings of listless,
insipid ball playing ensued, that sent
half the fans who were present to their
homes before the game was half over.
Umpire McDonald was as slow as the
pitcher and made no apparent endeavor
to hurry the game along. The leaders
won by a score of 4 to 2. Thomas should
not have been allowed to pitch, as lie
has not recovered from his recent illness
and was lacking in control. The game
was featureless. The score:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A. E.
Doyle, If 1*200100
Graham, c 4 0 2 0 2 2 0
Eagan, lb 4 0 2 0 11 0 0
Unglaub, ss 4.0 0 0 4 5 1
Kheeban, 3b 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Ilulen. 2b 4 O 0 0 3 4 0
Hogan, cf and c. ...4 0 2 0 2 0 0
Wagner, rf 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Thomas, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Wilson, cf 10 0 0 10 0
Total :..83 2 6 ' 0 27 14 T
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO A. B.
Mohler. 2b 6 10 2 6 4 0
Lohman, c 4 1 2 1.3 0 0
Etreib, lb 2 1 0 0 10 0 0
McCreedle, rf 4 0 2 0 1 00
Devereaux, bs 6 18 0 3 3 0
Dunleavy, 3b 4 0 10 13 0
Gorton, cf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schmidt. If 6 0 3 0 2 0 0
Cristall, p 4 0 2 0 0 8.0
Total 37 4 13 "i 27 13 0
SCORE BY INNINGS.
Sacramento 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 1 0 — 2
Base hits.. 0 00 2 0 0 1 21—0
Oakland 1 01100100—4
Base hits 2 12 2 2 111 1—13
SUMMARY.
Three-base bit — Lohman. Sacrifice hit —
Crlstall. First base on called balls — Off Thom
as, 5; off Cristall, 4. Left on bases — Sacra
mento, 7; Oakland, 14. Struck out — By Thom
as, 2; by Cristall, 3. Hit by pitcher — Lohman,
Strelb. Time of game — 2 hours and 20 min
utes. Umpire — McDonald.
OAKLAND A WINNER.
Meredith would have retired the south
erners with a lone tally had his support
been like the article of ball he handed out.
The first run was scored on Holly's bad
error of Jackson's drive and the two in
the last spasm were the result of two Jug
gling stunts which Danny Shay thought
he could palm off for the real goods. The
score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. lb 3 1 0 0 12 3 1
Holly, s.s 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Parrott. r. t 4 0 10 10 0
Lahy, c 2 2 1 2 3 1 0
Shay, 3b 3 1 1 0 2 3 2
Shugart. 2b 4 110 3 3 0
McHale, 1. f 4 1 1 0 2 0 0
Delmae, c. f 4 0 1 0 2 0 0
Meredith, p 2 10 0 2 3 1
Totals 29 7 6 2 27 16 5
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, s. 8.... 3 1 0 0 1 1 0
Lawler. c. f . A n I..Z 2 *1 0 4 0 0
Jackson, I. f 411 0 2 ,0 0
Householder, c. f 3 0 0 0 . 1 " 0 M
Rellly. 3b 4 O 0 0 »0 10
Raymer. 2b „-. 4 0 10 5 2 0
Anderson, c 3 0 ...0 -O~"'~ 8 ~-~Xi'~~ : 1
Roach, r. 1. & lb 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Jones, p 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
Hartwell, p 3 0 0 0 0 0 1
Hanlon, lb 10 0 0 111
Totals 31 4 8 0 24 6 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 1 0 0 10 0 0 0 2 4
Base hits 0 0 0 2 10 0 0 0 3
San Francisco 0 6 0 0 0 0 10 x 7
Base hits 0 4 10 0 0 10 x 6
SUMMARY.
Two-bas* hits— Parrott, Lawler. Sacrifice
hits — Lawler, Holly. First base on errors — San
Francisco 1, Los Angeles 3. First base on
called balls — Oft Meredith 1. off Jones 3. Left
on bases — San Francisco 2. Los Angeles 1
Struck out — By Meredith 3, by Jones 2 by
Hartwell 5. Hit by pitcher — Meredith by Jones.
Double plays— Nordyke to Shugart; Meredith to
Shay to Shugart. Base hits — Off Jones 4. off
Hartwell 2. Time of same — Two hours. Um
pire — O' Connell.
The stellar attraction of the day was
the ejection of Captain E. Householder
from the lot. It came to pass in the sev
enth round, when the newly elected leader
of the Angels strenuously objected to a
close decision at the first cushion. He
made some vulgar remarks and O'Connell
fined him one five-spot. He persisted in
being eloquent and this time the umpire
ordered him off the grounds. After much
delay and more sulking the premier slug
ger got wise and left the grounds.
The fatal second inning clearly tells the
story of why Morley did not run first. A
base on balls, a sacrifice by Holly, a bats
man hit and four clean singles put six of
the Harris stable over the uncertain hur
dles. Another was added In the sixth on
two costly misplays by Hanlon and An
derson, who both dropped thrown balls
at critical periods.
Hartwell was substituted in the third
and gave a grand exhibition of slab work.
He allowed but a pair of lonely safe
cracks and no one was fortunate in get
ting four of bad quality from him. Per
haps if Hartle began the game a different
story would have to be written about the
result, but many peculiar incidents go to
make ball games and yesterday's struggle
¦was no exception.
Elmer Meredith was appointed by Har
ris to puzzle Morley'a all-star bunch and
he had them in the clouds all the time.
He was punched safely only three times
and these were scattered along the line
like milestones in the old country. Hts
control was the best, for he walked but
one man and, strangely enough, this was
the first man up.
to the land of Connie Mack's Phil
lies, ungraciously accepted their third
consecutive drubbing yesterday at the
hands of the Pony stable. The game was
slow and the weather cold. The Ponies
had a cinch on the finish from the second
explosion, when the graceful Oscar. Jones
was good enough to ascend In the direc
tion of the heavens long enough to allow
the locals to ride over the lot for six runs
and four safe binjsrles.
THE crestfallen southern contingent,
shy the services of the versatile
Rube Waddell, who Is now touring
Householder Is Removed
From Grounds by the
Umpire.
Jones Is Hit Hard in
Second' and Loses
the Game.
PONIES AGAIN
FINISH FIRST
IN SLOW RACE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JITNE 21, 1902.
Soldier Boys' Tents Are Pitched in a Romantic Spot in
the Hills Near La:rkspur.r C
COMPANY B OF THE CITY GUARD
ENJOYING ITS SUMMER OUTING
HENO IS FAVORITE IN AMERICAN DERBY RUN TO=DAY AT CHICAGO
5
] JOCKej'. UQQS.
i"(
?c<
r.a
lit:
:li
ier
51:
1
JT£
a'
Qu.
¦on
Co
a .-•
n .
an
'.OS
IPX . . . .
Dmmon<
Appieb:
::! Jg
'. . 122
122
er U3
>y.| 122
..I 122
• •! US
. ' 122
. ' 122
; Singleton 10 to 1
1 Cay wood ...... 10 to 1
: Bu!lman 2 to 1
iRedfern 4 to 1
O'Connor 4 to 1
Knight .'. 8 to 1
!McCue 7 to 1
jLyne 10 to. 1
jj. Woods |10 to 1
Helgerson 115 to 1
'Davison |15 to 1
]J. Ransch |25 to 1
I Ransom |20 to 1
] JOCKej'. UQQS.
i"(
?c<
r.a
lit:
:li
ier
51:
1
JT£
a'
Qu.
¦on
Co
a .-•
n .
an
'.OS
IPX . . . .
Dmmon<
Appieb:
::! Jg
'. . 122
122
er U3
>y.| 122
..I 122
• •! US
. ' 122
. ' 122
; Singleton 10 to 1
1 Cay wood ...... 10 to 1
: Bu!lman 2 to 1
iRedfern 4 to 1
O'Connor 4 to 1
Knight .'. 8 to 1
!McCue 7 to 1
jLyne 10 to. 1
jj. Woods |10 to 1
Helgerson 115 to 1
'Davison |15 to 1
]J. Ransch |25 to 1
I Ransom |20 to 1
U (OGLSU to OtLCJ^ \ \ j ft'
JfcurcL to wear \dtkfc. \ 11/
ADVERTISEMENTS.
7*"" *£t
1 A High Ball 1
j| made with 2
| Hunter Whiskey I
jg has the finest, richest flavor %
j3» f JBSri ***
jjij f 9" ?\ 1 Ht
fk CHBISTT * WISE CJOMMISSIOIT OO- Ino_
7fi t&&2&Califorala.St.,S&nFr»nclscolbail2l W
;Jj Telephone M«ln ITS. 3£
km, a- dgnatore is on every box of the geatitn*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Table*
X*» rcaiody that core* a eoM la om «I*y.Mayor Schmitz has swung his sword of economy,
arid weeping and wailing fill the corridors of the City
Hall. It does seem a hardship to force some of our
¦listinguished. citizens to earn an honest livelihood.
The Oregon murderers who escaped after a series
of desperate crimes are still uncaptured. When
caught they ought to make excellent specimens for a
museum after a proper stretching process*. ¦
The Chicago scheme to get Oom Paul to visit this
country, seems to have fallen through. Chicago, it
seems, is a "get there" town, and poor Oom Paul
got left,. so Chicago has no use for him. \
The Board of Public Works has shown startling
symptoms of desiring to clear the streets of the city
of their hideous signs. If this spirit be contagious
San Francisco may soon be good to look at and ad
mire as a thing not of ugliness.
Townsend's California glace fruit, Mo a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nie»
present for .Eastern friends. 633 Marl ;
street, Palace Hotel building. •
¦ — ¦ » « —
Special Information supplied daily to
buBiness houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 23) Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
¦ ;. • ? . — ; _
Since 1S79 France*"has spent $120,000, (XX)
on canals, and there arc new schemes in
volving an expenditure of $100,000,000 more
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
N. K. A. Convention, $Si 00, San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, going direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On eaie
July 1 and 2, good sixty days. Only requires
six days for entire trip through' Yellowstone
National Park. 1 Just the *easbn to visit "Na
ture's , Greatest Wonderland." The Xorthern
Pacific' fraln ."North Coast Limited," is unex
celled by any other. Seeing is believing. T.
K. Stateler, ueneral agent. 0*7 Market st., S. F.
¦ ? »
To neglect the hair ls to lose youth and come
liness. Save It with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hindercorns, the best cure for corns. I5cts.
; The authorities and citizens of our tiny neighbor
Salvador are very wroth over the conclusions of an
American board of arbitration. Perhaps the angry
gentlemen might feel worse if we resorte"d to meas
ures somewhat more strenuous than those indicated
Prunes stuffed with apricots.' Townsend's. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.
E. G. Chaddock, a fruit grower of Fres
no, is at the California, accompanied by
his son.
. Marlon de Tries ls at the Palace.
L. R. Fancher of Merced 13 at x the
Grand. .,
A. F. Jones, an attorney of Oroville, 13
at the Palace.
Jesse D. Carr ls registered at the Lick
from Salinas.
Dr. Stanley Newhouse of. Kansas City
is at the Palace.
John A. Mclntire, a Sacramento mining
man, is at the Lick. ¦
. J. H. - Batcher, a mining . attorney of
Sacramento, is at the Grand. >
Samuel Davis of the Carson Appeal Is
spending a few days In the city.
Judge George F. Buck of Stockton Is
among the arrivals at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ticular home of Governor Gage's "particular
chums and friends— any other citizen with
plenty of money, such as Gage has, can do the
same to any other citizen whom he may ac
cuse of having libeled him.
This is not the first time this has been done
in the State of California, but it has been, in
all cases, a vicious precedent.
The place to sue the San Francisco Call is
where the San Francisco Call is published.
If Gage can do these things to J. D. Spreckels
and W. S.' Leake. who have plenty of money
with which to light back, he could do the
same thing to W. S. Green, of the Colusa Sun,
or to some other independent and fearless
journalist, who haa not.
This attempt on the part of Gage to take
men '.hundreds miles away from their home
to answer to a libel — if. any libel there has
been — which was perpetrated at 3an Francisco
dots not seem very much like seeking a vindi
cation. ¦ It looks more as though Gage were
determined not so much to vindicate himself
as to put his critics to all the expense and
trouble possible.
If Gage shall be permitted to' sue J. D.
Spreckels and W S. Leake outside of San
Francisco, the suit should be commenced in
the city of . Sacramento, which, according to
the statutes, ls the official residence of the
Governor.- .... ¦ ... ¦
But .then the statutes can hardly count in
GOSSIP FROM .
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
The people of the State of California, as a
whole, are, not very much 'interested ' whether
Gage shall win . his libel suit against J. ' D.
Spreckels and AV. S. Leake, or whether he
shall "lose. But the people of t the State of
California, as' a. whole, and each and every cit
izen of this State, in his own entity, have a
direct personal interest in this, matter in this
way: . If Henry T. Gage can hale J. D. Spreck
els and W. S. Leake, citizens of San Francisco,
way down to a little seaside resort In Los
Angeles County — which happens to be the ra--
SACRAMENTO BEE:
It is a foregone conclusion that through .the col
umns of, his Commoner ¦ Bryan will review the
speeches and pronounce emphatic judgment upon the
speakers. He will have no difficulty in exposing the
hollowness of the plan of campaign proposed by the
reorganizers. It is nothing more than an attempt to
lecall the past. So far as practical politics is con
cerned th s Tilden Club might as well have called up
Tilden or even Jackson himself as to have recalled
Cleveland to the front. For good or for evil Democ
racy has gone forward. Bryanism may be crude and
absurd, but it represents what is vital in the masses
of the party. The reorganizers may be excellent gen
tlemen, but their talk is" a platitude. That much is
made evident by the Tilden' Club speeches. Cleve
land'has been recalled to the front in vain.
In the absence of Bryan, Cleveland and Hill had
everything their own way. x We are told they met
one another cordially and shook hands like .old
friends who are glad to meet again. Their speeches
were harmonious. . Cleveland, as usual, was solemn
and ponderous. Hill was lively and aggressive. The
former President renewed, his.', declarations "against
the tariff and advised another fight for that free trade
which proved so disastrous under his last term. Hill
was equally insistent upon that issue, but added to it
an attack upon the Republican administration '" in
Cuba. Cleveland, amid cries of "No, no," declared
himself permanently'out of politics. Hill gave no
tice that he was still in the ring. That was the net
result of the great banquet.
Bryan was invited tc the T(lden Club banquet, but
he did. not attend, neither did he deign to make a re
ply. His conduct was not unnatural; for the club in
inviting him had not included him among'the speak
ers. A man who has twice been the leader of his
party in a Presidential contest and who has polled a
larger popular vote than any other. Democrat can
hardly have failed to perceive an intentional slur in an
invitation to attend a notable gathering of. his' party
at which he was to b t given a back seat and denied
the right of Speaking upon the party policies.
It is useless to speculate as to which of the two fac
tions represents the dominant element in the Demo
cratic party. We shall not know that until they meet
for the decisive struggle in the national convention
in 1904. There- can be no question, however, that
present appearances tend to the conclusion that
Bryan is discredited in his own camp while Cleveland
has regained much of his ; former prestige. The
Democratic State conventions of the year have been
silent on the points of issue between the factions, but
that silence is seemingly a victory for Cleveland. The
Chicago and Kansas City platforms have not been re
pudiated, but at the same time they have not been re
affirmed. Virtually they have been abandoned, and
with them appears to have gone the leadership of the
man personally identified with them.
SOME days ago Bryan was reported to have
written to a Populist that he intends to do all
.in his power to "aid 'those who are determined
to prevent the Clevelandizing of the Democratic
party." There, can be no question that in coining the
word "Clevelandizing"; Mr. Bryan thought he was
inventing a term that would rouse antagonism to the
reorganized by exciting against them all the popu
lar prejudices supposed to exist, against Cleveland:
It is therefore a curious fact that just at this juncture
the reorganizers shbuld hpe invited Qeveland to be
the chief guest and speaker at a"grand banquet ar
ranged for the purpose of promoting the reorganiza
tion movement. It appears, then, that there is the
widest possible difference of opinion between the
Bryanites and the reorganizers concerning the per
sonal influence^ofthe ex-President and the effect of
his name. What Bryan, uses as a term of denuncia
tion the other faction uses as a spell with which to'
restore courage to the Democratic camp.
Should there be no agreement at this session the
people will insist that^the measure be made the chief
subject of legislation next winter. Having now
come within sight of an isthmian canal bill, public in
terest in the measure will be keenly excited until the
route is definitely decided and the great enterprise is
begun. Under such circumstances delay further than
next winter is hardly to be accounted among the
possibilities of legislation. The country, therefore,
will be fairly content with the Spooner bill. It is a
step toward an end which cannot now be very far
off. We shall have the canal, and a Republican Con
gress will have the honor of inaugurating the great
work. .
Because the House passed the Nicaragua bill
by a virtually unanimous vote, it has been taken for
granted that it will never agree to the Spooner
amendment, which provides for a canal by that route
only upon condition that the President cannot make
satisfactory arrangements for the Panama route. It
is to be borne in mind, however, that the House bill
was passed before, the latest offer was made by the
Panama, company, and that the situation was then
quite. different from 1 what it is to-day. Had the
same terms been before the House as have been be
fore the Senate! . it is quite likely there would have
been a strong support to Panama in that body. Con
sequently the prospects for an agreement between
the two houses are by no means so dark as they, ap
pear at first glance.
Had the Nicaragua men in the Senate succeeded
in procuring the passage of the House bill the meas
ure would now..h4ve gone to the President and the
beginning of the work would be in sight. The* adop
tion'of the" Spooner amendment forfeits that "advan
tage. The Senate bill must now go. back to the
House, and possibly it may be held up there for the
rest of the session. That would mean perhaps a
year or more of delay, and would carry disappoint
ment to the public- Still even under those terms the
result is not so bad as it. might have been. Some
thing at least has been achieved. The promise of the
Republican platform to provide for an isthmian
canal has been partially fulfilled, and it is not likely
that a Republican House and a Republican Senate
Will fail to reach some, basis upon which they can
come together in agreement and fulfill the pledge
completely.
WITH the exception of the comparatively
small class who upon the isthmian canal
question have . bewi for "Nicaragua or
nothing" the American people will be well content
with the passage of the Spooner bill by the Senate.
If it be not all that was hoped for in the early days of
the session, it is much better than has been feared to
some extent in the later days. . . There have been
times when it seemed quite probable that the division
of the, supporters of the canal 'between the two
routes would enable the opponents of the enterprise
; lo virtually; defeat" it by bringing about a prolonged
deadlock. That danger is no longer threatening.
THE ISTHMIAN CANAL BILL.
T1LDEN OLUB^ SPEECHES.
vented for the sole purpose of creating a fa'?e
prejudice among the people of the State and
frightening them into the belief that a greut
danger hovers like a pall over the common
wealth — the danger of a newspaper despotism;
the danger of government by newspapers In
stead of government by the people. The "dic
tation" about which so much cant has been
Indulged in by hypocritical demagogues docs
not come from the three newspapers complained
against; it comes from Governor Gags, hia
shouters. henchmen and parasites of the Bums,
Mackenzie, Lynch. Parker. "Johnny" Wray and
"Dan" Kevane stripe, joined in and repeated,
parrot-like, by that small portion of the
thoughtless and irresponsible press which does
not even stop long enough to consider that in
repeating such a cry it is degrading its own
profession and lowering the standard of dignity,
honor and integrity which should characterize
a free, brave and honest press.
This talk about a "newspaper triumvirate"
is the baldest sort of bald nonsensa.
VISAT.TA TIMES:
The Call made a political mistake when it
accused Governor Gage of dishonesty and the
Governor will find that he gained no sympathy
when he brought hi3 suit for libel In an ob
scure township in Los Angeles County. The
public wants this casa tried promptly, and It
should have been brought In some court whera
the records of the State Controller and of San
Quentin could have, been easily and quickly
obtained.
SAK" BERNARDINO SUN":
If John D. Spreckels had secretly fled to
Honolulu, as some of the newspapers reported.
It would have been the biggest feather in Gov
ernor Gage's cap in the tail of hia opponent's
rooster. But Spreckels has not fled, and what's
more he is not .going to flee. . 1* his paper.
The Call, he reiterates" all his charge* against
Gage, says he "has him in a hole," and cries
"Lay on. lay on, Macduff, and damned b« h»
who first cries Hold, enough!" Oh, U'« going
to be a beaut of a scrimmage.
UKTATT DISPATCH-DEMOCRAT:
It turns out that Governor Gage's threat of
arrest and criminal prosecution of John D.
Spreckels and Sam Leake of The Call, which
so tickled the Gage press last week, has not
frightened these gentlemen in the least. Tues
day's Call reiterates the charges already made,
and adds the very s' icus charge that for tha
preceding week Gage had been at San Quentin
holding a "star chamber" investigation behind
locked doors and forcing employes and inmates
of the prison to sign and swear to depositions
and affidavits to flx up a whitewash. Governor
Gage never In his life made so great a mistake
as he did in going to San Quentin to make his
secret investigation. It proves that he either
had a guilty knowledge of crookedness or a
strong suspicion that The Call's charges were
true and that he wished to cover something up.
IilVEBMOBE HERALD:
i.ne t,au s expose or the mismanagement and
corruption at San Quentin prison will put an
end to Governor Gage's hopes for a renomin
ation. The Governor was weak before -with
the rank and file of his party and now evea
the leaders who were attempting to force his
nomination will probably decline the added re
sponsibility of apologizing for the sins of
Gage's political household.
POMONA' PROGRESS:
The people are not so much concerned about
the damage suits — the courts will take car®
of them — as they are about getting at tha
truth regarding The Call'3 charges. The latter
has invited prompt investigation and haa al
leged that it is ready to prove all the charges
that it has made, and to produce a good deal
more evidence than It has told the people
about. The duty surely rests upon the Prison
Board to investigate, at once and thoroughly,
the administration of San Quentin and inform
the people regarding it.
clasp or metal corners on the Bible, but
the edges will be of solid gilt. The Bible
used fcr the coronation of Queen Victoria
was also an Oxford Bible. It Is now in
the possession of the descendants of the
then Bishop of Winchester. Dr. Suirmer.
•who was entitled to the volume by virtue
of his office as Prelate of the Garter.
Andrew Lang is writing a book on
that singular episode of Scottish his
tory/ the Gowrie conspiracy. Whether
there actually was a plot by Earl
Gowrie against King James has been a
matter of controversy on which Mr. Lang
has found new light. The volume, -which,
is entitled "James VI and the Gowria
Mystery," will be published by Messrs.
Lorgmans.
It has come rather as a surprise to the
literary world that Gabriel Setoun. who
has been most noted for his novels deal
ing with Scottish life, has recently been
occupying himself with verse writing Aa
a result there, will be published before
long a book of ballads, referring: chiefly
to the sea, linking Scottish character and
life to the sea, and in this way strikln"
quite a new note, for Scotland is very
poor in her aea ballads. »«».»
But an even greater surprise Is the com-
Ir*,, 0 -?.* of that serious Scottish novelist,
Neil ilunro, as a humorist. No one from
reading his novels would have thought
he had within him a reserve of humor
such as he has exhibited in a skit which
purports to give the opinions of various
authors on typewriters. Here, as an in
stance is one: Rudyard Kipling Is rep
resented as writing that he has of law
done all his poems on a beautiful two
horsepower brazed tubular cam-action
half-silent typewriter of American Inven
tion. Its a 'dandy," " he says with
characteristic enthusiasm. "My ereatest
joy in life is to rise early and oil iL I
can do my poems on this machine with
out the trouble of thought. Have you
seen my latest contribution regarding the
colonial representatives at the corona
tion?
S!nc « ri t^ I J house to my house none lesser caa
Than my house to thy house. King counseling
And my house to thy house none ereater can
send >
Than thy house to my house, friends counsel
ir» friend.
. " T^ a i ls a fair specimen of what I can
ao with my new beauty. I just start tha
cam action, pun open the throttle valve,
gofor awalk around Rottlngdean, anc,
w . n I com e back, find the poem of any
desired length completed, and the ma
chine, flushed and happy waiting mod*
This issue is raised in the Melrose incident. The
mechanics freely entered into a contract which
extralega^ compulsion may compel them to. .break.
If the firm which employs them, when it came to
begin building the tanks, "had found that' it could
employ men for a half-dollar a day less' than it had
contracted to pay them, and had turned them adrift
and employed labor at lower wages, the courts
would have protected the wage-workers by enforcing
the contract. But when the shoe is on the other foot,
and the men repudiate a contract voluntarily made,
if the courts attempt to compel them to fulfill their
contract it is regarded by their organization as judi
cial compulsion upon their labor, and then it is said
that a man cannot be compelled to work, the morality
of the matter being lost sight of. The employe^
however, can be compelled to pay the men the wages
agreed upon for the full time of the contract, whether
they work or not If he hire cheaper labor to do the
work and pay it, he must still pay under his contract
the wages agreed upon to the men with whom he
contracted. A contractor must be responsible. The
I^rice he is to receive for his job is open-to the judg
ment of the court on his contract, i ' .
It will be seen that contracts cannot long, be so
one-sided. The employer will not long consent to be
considered the only responsible party to contracts
and the organizations of employes which insist. upon
enforcement of contract against the employer, "and
with equal force insist that the employe shall be as
free to violate his contract as he is to make it, are
teaching a lesson and establishing a principle of
v»fcich they will finally be the victim* 1
To none is this freedom of contract more neces
sary than to the wage-earner. He enforces the pay
ment of his wages by resort to the courts, which im
ply a contract between him and his employer, into
which both freely entered. As the appearance of
compulsion in making a contract would destroy per
sonal liberty and imperil political freedom, what is to
be said of compulsory violation of contract?
The right of contract is the most necessary right
enjoyed by man. In its very nature it is free. Our
laws protect freedom of contract, an<jl the idea . of
compulsory contract h so repugnant that no judicial
or legislative body has ever dared promote it. Com
pulsion upon parties to enter into contract implies a
condition of slavery and not of freedom. If men in
considerable numbers surrendered their personal lib
erty so far as to submit to the compulsion of others
in entering into the contractual relation, it might well
be doubted if political freedom could long endure.
That freedom is composed of all the elements that
constitute personal liberty, and these are all included
in freedom of contract. The most important rela
tions of life depend upon this. The state cannot ex
ist without the family. The family depends upon
marriage, and marriage is a contract that must be
freely entered into by the contracting parties. Every
business transaction rests upon actual or implied con
tract. The relation of buyer and seller is contractual,
witnessed by the delivery and receipt of the thing
bought, the receipt of which obligates the receiver to
pay its price. It is freedom of contract in making
the bargain, and when the implied contract is entered
into the courts enforce the contract .-
THE question of validity of contract with skilled
labor is on at Melrose, a suburb of Oakland,
where an Eastern firm that makes a specialty
of such work is building a number of enormous oil
tanks to hold fuel oil. They brought their boiler
makers from the East with them, the men voluntarily
making a contract to work for a certain wage per
day. Upon that basis their employers took the job
of building the great tanks, which will require an oil
train twenty'-three miles long to fill. When the work
got under way the boiler-makers found that they could
get a half-dollar more wages here than in the East,
and as they had entered into a contract to do this
work at the Eastern rate they were ordered to quit
by the union to which they belong, and the work on
the tanks is stopped. The contractor " is appealing
not to the courts to enforce his contract with his
boiler-makers, but to the national headquarters of the
union to order the men to keep their agreement or
not compel him to pay more than they agreed to
work for. '¦" * .
LABOR CONTRACTS.
SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE:
If Governor Gage, in lodging his complaint
against the proprietor and the manager of The
Call in the seaport of Wilmington, sought to
inconvenience the defendants and the witnesses
they will be obliged to summon, he over
reached himself, for it appears that in spite
of the care taken to remove the hearing to a
plac* remote from the State Prison and this
city, whence < most of the evidence in the
case will be derived, his attorneys have so
managed matters that the preliminary exam
ination will take place in San Francisco.
Wo infer this from the fact that the de
fendants, after having warrants served upon
them and giving bonds which Judge Frits ac
cepted, promptly invoked that section of the
Penal Code which reads as follows:
• "S26. - If the defendant is brought before a
magistrate other than the one who issued the
warrant, . the depositions on which the warrant
•was granted must bo sent to that magistrate,
or, if they cannot be procure-!, the prosecutor
and his witnesses must be summoned to giv*
their testimony anew." \ .
The attorney of Messrs. Spreckels. and Leake
has already asked that a time bo set for the
preliminary examination of the' defendants for
the' misdemeanor of which they are Accused,
and the Judge has declared his readiness to
hear arguments in the matter. The people ¦will
note with interest whether Governor Gage is
equally anxious for a epeedy. examination in a
place where evidence is easily obtainable, or
whether he will try to impede progress and
hamper the cause of justice by dragging the
defendants and a multitude of witnesses to
Wilmington, "a proceeding which will result in
expense to the citizens of Los A.ngeles and em
barrassment to the State- Prison Commission,
which will be called upon to submit to on in
vestigation conducted under other auspices and
along ."different lines than those wlHch have' In
the past 'resulted 1 In covering up'a great variety
of irregularities and much downright corrup
tion. ¦ ' r " , 1 ' -
GOVERNOR GAGE has overreached himself. After three weeks of swaggering delay he caused the arrest of
the proprietor and the manager of The Call on a charge of criminal libel. He is now resorting to every device
of the law to stave of? preliminary examination. The defendants are demanding an immediate trial in a court
within easy reach of State records and witnesses, but Gage is shuffling for an extension of time. The influen
tial independent newspapers of the State know that he is not meeting the true issue in manly style, and they do not
hesitate to express their opinions, as the following comments indicate:
this matter, for Governor Gage has frequently
shown that- he is not amenable to them.
Another point in this connection. Why does
Governor Gage bring that suit hundreds of
miles away from tfce evidence?
The Controller's office and the records at
San Quentin will furnish the evidence for both
sides.
The Governor has not helped his case by
getting away from the evidence.
marysvzl:le democrat:
When Governor Gage announced a determina
tion to commence an action in the courts
against John D. Spreckels and Sam Leake, in
an effor! to convict them of criminal libel, we
had expected to see on earnest move on the
part of the plaintiff along the usual lines of
procedure. But we feel disapplnted in the
action of the Governor and HCicnowledge that
faith In the man has been materially weaken
ed. If Governor Gago is Innocent of complicity
in fraudulent practices at San Quentin prison,
why not meet the issue squarely and at once?
There is an appearance of farce comedy at
tached to the complaint issued out of the office
of a Justice of the Peace in Wilmington Town
ship. Los Angeles County. The records are in
Sacramento or at San Quentin, and so are the
principal witnesses. Does the Governor intend
to compel all witnesses to travel to Wilmington
and back at the expense of the people to vindi
cate his honor?
NAP A REGISTER:
. The San Francisco Call editorially speaks of
the warrants issued at the instance of Governor
Gage for the arrest. of its proprietor upon a
charge of criminal libel. It sees no good reason
for selecting an "obscure township, remote
from the scene of the offense" as the place for
trial. That there will be some contest over this
is intimated la the following . paragraph S
"Whatever be the meaning of the Wilmington
Township move, it matters little. If the courts
decide that Wilmington Township is the place
for the hearing The Call will be ready to meet
the issue. The Call stands by its record. It
will prove the truth of all of its charges and
statements. It meets the prosecution with a
demand for a speedy trial and a full investi
gation."
•
LO S ANGELES TIMES:
Governor Gage In his ridiculous ante-election
pronunciamento talks as though he would dic
tate to courts and Jurors, and coolly assumes
in advance of a trial that he will "punish" and
"chastise" De Young, Otis, Spreckels and
Leake in the courts. He does not even say
that the punishment shall be with the consent
of the courts, but implies that it shall be by
the will of Governor Gage solely. The Governor
is not the court nor the jury, as he will find
out. Two years ago Governor Gage in his des
peration invented the idea that the San Fran
cisco Chronicle, the San Francisco Call and the
Los Angeles Times, with malice prepense and
with the purpose of doing him great political
harm, had constituted themselves a dangerous
newspaper "triumvirate." The idea was purely
an invention of his Excellency's heated imagi
nation. But he exploited the absurd and ground
less charge, and his henchmen and quick
newspaper servants throughout the State re
peated the cry, shouting it from their totter
ing: tripods throughout the commonwealth.
Once for all let the truth be known and the
foolish charge be exploded for good. There la
no newspaper triumvirate, no Journalistic alli
ance, no political partnership between the
newspaper editors and publishers named so far
as the Los Angeles Times has any knowledge
on the subject. Speaking for itself. It can as
sert without fear of possible eohtradiction that
it never has had any friendly relations with
M m S ,, pre ,!£ el8 an( J The and that gentleman
will doubtless substantiate the truth of this as
sertion. The course, the policies, and the per
sonal relations subsisting between the two
Journals last named have almost invariablv
been antagonistic for years past, and that an
tagonism has forbidden any alliance of any
This Infantile -whimper was deliberately ln-
SATURDAY JUNE 21, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. \"
. Mutt All Ct=BCnJc»tiouf <• W. 8. LEASE, Kutgef.
Afik for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You "ft Nh.
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Marlcet and Tnlrd. S. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Currier*. 15. Cent* Per Week.
5inclf> Copies. S Cent*. ,
Term* by Mall. Inclndlnc Postage!
OAH.T CALL {Including Sunday), one. year..., .....$6.00
DAJLT CALL (including Sunday). 6 months.... S.OO
DAILT CALL Ondudlng Sunday). 8 months... 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Elsrle Month 65c
eUKDAT CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear .¦ 1.00
All pomtmiimterm are r.nthOTlzed <o receive
subscriptions.
Camp!* copies will be forwarded when requested.
ttaft robrcrtben In crflertng charge of address should be
parUcalar to r>*» both NEW AXD OLD' ADDRESS In order
to 1b«bi» a prompt and correct compliance trith their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE. HIS - Broadway
CU GEORGE KROGXESS. - - • .-¦' - .:.
Kmrtr Fcnlga Advtrtiiiag, Kirquette Bcilding, CMttji . . . !
vUmt bistaac* Telephone "Central 2819.") - -^ J
-. NEW TORK'COERESPONDENT;"'^»" : ',' r
C C CAHLTOS. ................ . Xlerald Square
HEW YORK REFBESENTATl VT5 J
ETEPHE7C D. SMITH oO Tribune Bnildlns;
Kirw york: nkws stands: - . ., . .
WtXOerf-Aftorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square;
Korray E1U HoteL * .
CHICAGO NEWS 8TAKD8:
Cbenssa House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fmaont House; Auditorium HoteL
BBAJTCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
nstll B-.SO o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. <S33
McAllister, cpen oatll 9:30 o'clock. 619 Larkln. open until
8:30 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. • corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, c;?n
until 9 o'clock. . 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
GAGE IS SHUFFLING
FOR FURTHER DELAY
Concerning matters of sentiment there can be no dispute. We all love the land of
our birth, the localities where youth was spent and manhoofl begun. Gage, however, is
perhaps the only man that ever lived who would permit sentiment, to dictate to him in a
question of this kind, and who would, refuse to fight even for his ; good name in any place
except one to which he is bound by sentimental ties. It appears indeed to be his resolve
that the place that saw his beginning shall see his finish. His California career began at
San Pedro and there he wishes it to end.
It is just as well that this explanation of Gage's curious course has, been made
public. To all outward appearance " it seemed that the prosecutor in making his com
plaint had sought that far-off point for the purpose of providing a :< rneanl3 of delaying the
trial and preventing a speedy submission of the evidence to the court and to the public.
It is known that the defendants -have been urgent in calling; for an investigation of the
case; that they sought to get the Prison Directors to take it up at, pnee; that they are
eager now to have the examination go forward in the first court in, which it comes up for
a hearing. Consequently the action of the prosecutor in flying from, the scene of the
offense— from the place where the 'trial could have been conveniently and speeedily
pressed forward — naturally appears to the public as an evasion. It will therefore come as
a surprise to many to learn from Gage's organ .that he is evading, nothing. -He flies to
the distance solely because in the distance he sees the place where in early years he was
once ; happy. Sentiment rules his gentle breast, and, laying aside, all .'eagerness for a
prompt meeting with those who he says have assailed his good name, he summons
them to meet him there in the sweet by and by. *:<*-:
The issue raised by the sentimental prosecutor is one that merits consideration of
the 'press and indeed of the people generally. If the proprietor and the manager of. The
Call can be compelled to go upward 0/500 miles to stand trial for the purpose of pleas
ing the 'sentiment of the prosecutor, any other citizen of California is liable to the 'same
mishap. • A critic of the Governor may be taken from Siskiyou to San Diego," or from the
mquntainsto the sea, to answer for the criticism, on a complaint of criminal libel, anil
the only reason given for the summons to attend. the far-off' call to 1 , court will be that the
Governor has a sentimental liking for the place because of its : associations -with his early
and innocent years. .' . ;
Under the circumstances the defendants have perhaps good reason to ; feel thankful
that Gage did not begin his California career in Modoc, Inyo or^ome- remote point op
the borders .of Lower California. Since sentiment is to rule in matters of this kind, they
might have had to go farther and find less conveniences than .are afforded at San Pedro.
The excuse is ingenious, and is commended to the attention of the public.
A heavy expense is to be imposed upon the taxpayers of Los Angeles /County because
the .Governor is sentimental. Witnesses and public documents are to be carried hundreds
of miles at great cost and inconveniences solely to gratify the fond feeling of Gage for the
town in which he began his career. It is a case where a tender passion is projected into
an affair of law- and politics, and throws over a prosaic event something of- the glow of
B--Y- the official organ of Henry T. - Gage in this, city the... public ;\vas .informed
yesterday that in making bis complaint against the proprietor and the manager
of The Call at a point far removed from the residence of the defendants and the
homes of the witnesses, Gage was moved by sentimental considerations solely.
The yellow organ asserts:' "The Governor says he siied out the warrants in San Pedro
because of sentiment: It was in that town he began his career in California." , .
FOR SENTIMENT ONLY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902.
6
When the war broke out In South
Africa, it may be remembered, there was
considerable discussion as to Its probable
effect upon the publishers' trade. It
seemed to be generally agreed that it
would be deleterious, if not disastrous,
even when a continuance of war for six
months was not considered likely. Yet it
has lasted more than five times that
period, but nothing haa been heard of any
publisher who has had to file his petition.
As a rule, publishers do not like to say
how much they have suffered, but, how
ever much or little that may have been
the case, all seem to have weathered the
storm remarkably well and are now look-
Ing forward to a boom in the book trade,
which all prophesy.
Publishers are likewise hopeful that be
fore very Ions there will be a considerable
aemand from South Africa for new books
for this reason: "While the war has been
in progress the book trade In South Africa
has necessarily suffered to a very great
extent, and. indeed, its effects have ex
tended to all the British colonies, even to
tar off Australia.
Apart from this, the means of circulat
ing books in South Africa came to a
standstill. For instance, there was no
better, medium for the circulation of
British books than the Rand Club, which
possessed one of the finest and most ex
tensive libraries in South Africa, It will
now have to make up the leeway for near
ly three years' publications. The same re
mark applies to all libraries in South
Africa.
The Bible on which the King will take
the oath of coronation is being beautiful
ly bound In red polished levant morocco
Both covers are to have the Tudor rose
border. On the front cover there will be
a cottage roof design and on the back the
arms of Edward the Confessor, Oxford
University, Cambridge University and
Westminster Abbey. There will be no
Call culMcrlbers contemplating a ¦ clmns e of
rftid«ne« dnrln^ the summer months tan have
ftketr paper forwarded by mall to ' tlielr . nevr
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
Tals paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resorts and ls represented by a local' agent in
all tovrns on the coast.
TO SDBSGBIBERS LEAYIBG TOIH FOR THESUMMER.
...24 ;,.; PRINTERS' INK. • . PRINTERS' INK. 25
The great newspapers of Chicago, Philadelphia, Boston, Cincinnati, St. Louis, ;
and. San Francisco allow the actual figures of their circulation to be known.
. The great newspapers of New York do more boasting about circulation than
. : is practiced in any other city, yet not one of them will allow its actual issue to
The New York Jownal for Sunday, May 1% h, prints a conspicuous line,
- -across its first p3ge, which read >:
The Circulation * the Sunday American and Journal i* Greater n™
Illl the Combined Circulation oi | World, Tribune, Press m Times
Printers' Ink wi 1 pay a hundred do'lars for an honest circulation statement
¦ from any one of the five papers named, or five hundred dollars for a complete set
v of sue h statements.
ffH! By an honest statement is meant such an one as is furnished regularly by
%ecord, Chicago. Ricord-Herali, St. Louis Ghb;-Dmocrat t Cin-
. cinnaii Times-Star, Boston Globe or Sin Francisco Call.
This offer Will remain open for one month.
New York June i 1002. T*The fight for 'licenses promises to be a
bitter one and one of great interest, for
it is expected that many original points
will be raised in the arguments. The stu
dents are all graduates of the San Fran
cisco Dental College, an Institution that
is, according tothe State Board of Exam
iners, not a "reputable", one. They refuse
to . examine the young : men on that
ground, the State law providing that .they
"I "cannot' do that," said Judge Murasky.
"The members of - the .board have com
plied with the State law by meeting twice
•within a year. I fail to .see what power
I have to make the order you suggest."
If the court please, if a continuance is grant
ed it will work a great hardship upon my
clients. The board piay adjourn, and having
complied with the law requiring it to meet
twice a year may not convene' again for several
months. In the meantime these ¦ young men
will be deprived of their means of making a
livelihood. Suppose you issue an order direct
ing the board to adjourn from day to day until
this matter is decided. 'rr ;: .
Attorney E. Myron Wolfe, who repre
sents the board, announced . that, as the
suit had been filed only the day before,
he - was not prepared to set up a defense.
Wolfe was given until Wednesday next to
answer or demur to the complaint, and
next Friday was set for argument.
Owens, In. opposing, the granting of a
continuance, said:
Attorney Len D. Owens, . James Peck
and C. H. Boynton are making a bitter
fight to secure licenses for thirty-seven
dental students, whom the . State Board
of Dental Examiners refuse to examine
as to their fitness to extract teeth, fill
cavities and provide molars for toothless
Callfornlans. The attorneys appeared be
fore Judge Murasky yesterday in a suit
brought for a writ, of mandate compelling
the Examiners to allow the would-be
dentists to appear before the board and
display" their fitness. The hearing was
continued until next Friday. • •
Dental Students Refused
Examination Appeal
to Courts.
MINERS READY
TO LAY STONE
They Are Invited to Aid
Building of Sloat
Monument.
Invitations were sent out yesterday by
Secretary Benjamin of the California
Miners' Association to all members of. the
association to be present in Monterey on
ihe Fourth of July, when the stone con
tributed by the association will bo laid as
a part of tha monument to the memory
of Commodore Sloat, whose prompt ac
tion In forestalling the British saved Cali
fornia to the United States. J. H. Neff
and'President E." C. Voorheia of th© Cali
fornia Miners* Association will conduct
the exercises. The association donated
$100 for the monument. Considerable
progress has been made on the Sloat mon
ument. The concrete foundation of the
face walls has been laid on all sides. The
foundations rise to the height of four
feet. * # . ~
Stones have- been contributed by the
Sta.te, the counties of Alameda. Santa.
Clara, Contra Costa, Santa Cruz. Mon
terey, San Luis Obispo, San Francisco,
San Joaquin, Placer, Sacramento, Solano.
Napa and Ventura, and by the United
States navy, the Veterans of the Mexi
can "War, the Grand Parlor of the Na
tive Daughters and the Grand Parlor of
the Native Sons. The programme for^ha
Fourth of July exercises to be conducted
by the miners has not been completed.
Major E. A. Sherman has.it in charge.
The potential agency of the California
miners will be dwelt upon by the speak
ers as a factor in the development of the
States.
shall only issue licenses to those who
graduate from "reputable" colleges, grad
uates of high schools who have studied
for three years under clinical instruction
and dentists who have practiced for five
years in other States.
It's all up with the artist who can't
draw" his breath.
THEIR TROUBLES
ARE INCREASING
Gee Tip, a Chinese, went to sleep with
the gas jet open in his room at 921 Du
pont street' on Thursday, night. The smell
of escaping fluid attracted the attention
of some of: his countrymen, who /after
jabbering like. a poultry convention '; in a
barnyard decided 'to notify- the police,
who in turn notified. the Emergency Hos
pital and had the man removed for treat
ment. Dr. Maher restored him to activ
ity and he went back "to his shack to fin
ish'his sleep.
Chinaman Inhales Gas.
The Southern Pacific Company issued
a statement yesterday showing the earn
ings from July 1,1901, to April 30, 1902. The
gross receipts aggregated a ; total of $70,
24^,151, being an increase. of $6,228,475 over
the same period in 1900-1901; , and an aver
age gross Income of a. little In excess of
$7,000,000 a month. Gross expenses -for the
ten months amounted to $46,811,072, an in
crease of $4,952,505." Net earnings were
$23,435,079, an increase of $1,275,970. , The
total net income' was $24,399,378. i After de
ducting from the latter $13,511,655 for
fixed, charges and $9,554,644 for better
ments and additions, there was left a sur
plus of $1,333,069. „ : «:V~; Vi ;* .'¦iV-J^-sY
Earnings of Southern Pacific.
San Francisctt society lady
poses as Queen^ Alexandra I
This ;*• is ¦ the^ most Z remarkable
picture of : all this series of
costume poses, for the fair
poser r of^ this photograph was
presented to', Queen'. Alexandra
not ; long, ago, and the resem
blance to her Majesty attracted
marked attention. ¦ This is but
one of ; y the; many elaborate g
features that- will, make, the
Coronation Number " o f ; The
Call the greatest 'special edi
tion : of : the v year. : ; Published
next Sunday. ,;:; ;/>;-¦;
The Quickest and . moat convenient \ way In
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Yosemlte to-morrow at 6 p. m.
Call at Santa . Fe ticket office, 011 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars.; ' . •
Yosemite Via the Santa Fo.
R. W. Walters, aged 76 years and to
tally blind, met with a serious accident
at an early hour yesterday morning: at
his residence, 1505% Market street. The
old man got up from his bed and while
searching for a portion of his clothing
fell through an open window to the
ground, a distance of thirty feet. He was
found - by - persons on their way to work
and sent to the Emergency Hospital,
•where Dr. James D. Murphy found both
his legs broken below the knees. His in
juries are of so grave a nature that his
chance for recovery is very small. .
Palls Through Open Window.
County Assessor Daltpn and Frank J.
Moffitt have had a meeting and . it \ was
brought about because Dal ton wanted it.
¦William. E. Dargie, editor of the Tribune
and Moffltt's friend, helped to bring about
the conference and he told how he did
it to-day before the Grand Jury. The
Grand Jury heard about it somewhere
and wanted to get at the bottom of It,
so the editor was called in to furnish
The editor was in his office when the
startling news came over the wire that
Dalton wanted to see him. He went to
the telephone and Dalton asked him how
he could see Moffltt. Moffitt was there,
too, and upon being asked if he had any
objection to seeing Dalton he replied that
he had not. Thereupon he agreed to be
at the corner of Eighth street and Broad
way within three minutes. . .
What came of the meeting is not re
vealed. Dargie saw them talking together,
but didn't hear them talk. It is supposed
that Dalton asked Moffitt to help him out
of his peck of trouble in consideration of
Dalton calling oft the dogs of invective
that have been yelping from the column*
of the Enquirer, not to Moffltt s liking.
At any rate the whole story will come
out when Dalton and Moffltt are ¦ called
upon to tell what occurred. Dalton was
before the Inquisitors all day and Moffltt
has been summoned to appear next Mon-
The only other new development of the
day was the summoning of Emil Nus
baumer. He did, not go on the stand but
will be there Monday when the Jury meets
again. Russell Stedman, J. B. Lanktree
and Dalton were all recalled, but their
testimony was only wanted to straighten
out some things concerning those missing:
books. ' • ¦ • 1 ¦ ' '¦ ';.' l .;:V"';
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 20.
Brandenstein of the Finance
Committee informed the Mayor that the
committee's recommendation of $260,000 for
public lighting, which was accepted by
the Mayor, was- based on a false calcula
tion. The Mayor's cut of $15,000. he said,
would do away with the lighting of street
lamps on three of the five so-called moon
light nights. ' Brandenstein'B explanation
prompted, the Mayor to suggest th© rais
ing of the appropriation to $275 000
.There appears i-to be some doubt as to
the disposition that may. be made of the
$134,000 saved by the. Mayor for public im
provement. Expert Williams thinks the
money may be immediately reapportioned
for streets and sewers. Others hold that
under the charter the money -wlllbe car
ried over uiitil- the end of the fiscal year
and then realpportloned for municipal bet
terments. suggestion „ made is
that as the money ; was cut out of the
budget it cannot be ; raised at all Thi3
would result in - a , reduction of about 3
cents in the tax rate or 97 cents on
every $100 assessed ; valuation for~ muni
cipal expenditures. This added to the
park. tax rate would make a total lew of
but $1.0462 for all purposes. y
After holding a conference with the Fi
nance Committee of the Board of Super
visors yesterday Mayor Schmitz decided
to request the .board to Ignore his recom
mendation ' that the sum of $260:000 in
stead of $275,000. be set aside in' the
budget for lighting streets and public
buildings for the next fiscal year. This :s
the item which, the Mayor feels may be
properly restored to the original sum al
lowed by the board. r
conduct a weekly paper so as to please
all classes of intelligent readers is no easy
task — yet the San Francisco News Letter Is
pre-eminently such a paper, each issue contain
ing a wide variety of matter. The story this
week is "The Wanton's Champion," by W. O.
McGeehan— a tale of a bad woman's triumph
over a good one. It is rather a bold Idea,
and the story is excellently told. E. f A.
Brininstool contributes a touching little eketch
showing that the -dog-catcher sometimes has
a heart. "Red Bud," by Ellen Mederlltz, . la
a beautiful bit of verse. The Looker On tells
a spicy . story of Sybil Sanderson and James
Gordon Bennett, and also tells of a son of
King Edward who lives In San Francisco.
The principal characteristic of the News Let
ter is Its smartness. All its paragrapha and
comments are bright and clever. Its financial,
insurance, dramatic and literary departments
are ably handled. ¦ Under the head of "So
ciety," Betsy Bird tells a lot of Interesting
gossip of the smart set, and presents a com
plete and authentic record of .their comings
ajid goings. • -¦' .*
To-Day's N*ews Letter.
Meeting Is Arranged at
the Request of the
Assessor.
Mayor Schmitz With
draws His Cut in the
Appropriation.
PUBLIC LIGHTING
WILL COST MORE
There will be two performances—after
noon and evening. In the morning there
will be a street parade, which will con
tain floats and features of the show.
Salvador streets, and some of them are
becoming quite proficient equestrians.
There will -be" any number of side attrac
tions, and prominent members of the or
der will take roles from . the "dog-face
boy" to ; the bearded woman and living
-skeleton. = / • ..
I>eath of Frank R. Sweeney.
Frank R. Sweeney, well known in local
Democratic circles, died Tuesday evening
at his mother's home, 3824 Twenty-second
street. He was a deputy .under County
Clerk Haley and was afterward employed
in the Registrar's office.-
SAN JOSE ELKS WHO ARE AR
RANGING FOR THE CIRCUS
ON JULY FOURTH. .
DALTON CONFERS
WITH MOFFITT
Some professional talent will be en
gaged, and the performance will be an
excellent one. Elks are training horses
daily at the large lot on Seventh»ftnd San
An immense tent, which is now being
made for the Elks, will be erected at the
corner of Sixth and Santa Clara streets.
There will be the three rings, . with an
elevated stage in the center, and every
thing the professional shows contain,
from the sawdust 'ring to the side show
attractions, will be in evidence.
Chairmen of committees — Lights and Illu
mination. Louis W. Bond; concessions, Alex
J. Hart: finance, Charles J. Martin; music, A.
V. Shubert; entertainment, Charles W. Wil
liams; promotion, publicity and press, D. F.
McGraw; sales and distribution, Morris E.
Dalley; tickets and seats, Eugene M. Rosen
thai: decoration, John W. Thomas; . public
safety, Jamem A. Kid ward; hotel accommoda
tions, J. W. Davy: reception, E. J. Crawford;
invitation, Joseph R. Patton; street parade, J.
W. Gilkyson; transportation, Charles B. Bills;
grounds and tents, John W. Macaulay.
Secretary — Fred L. Thomas.
Executive committee — Joseph -R. . Patton
(chairman), E. J. Crawford (secretary), Jack
son Hatch, Gus Lion, Morris E. ' Dalley, Eu
gene M. Rosenthal, A. J. Mullen, Louis W.
Bond. D. F. McGraw, F. J., Brandon, John W.
Macaulay, Fred L. Thomas, Charles W. Knox,
Ed Jobson. " . ¦ • ,
Jackson Hatch, exalted ruler of the San
Jose Elks, is the general manager of the
circus. His corps of assistants are as fol
lows:
Aids to general manager — Joseph R. Patton,
E. J. Crawford.
SAN JOSE, June 20.— The Elks are
making elaborate preparations for
their circus, whiqh is to be given
* on July 4. Already members are
practicing their "stunts," and
horses, dogs and other domesticated "ani
mals are being trained for the show. The
circus promises to be the greatest ever
held here. Elks never do things by
halves, and the 300 business and profes
sional men who comprise the order in San
Jose declare every one shall enjoy him
self on the Fourth." These staid and dig
nified gentlemen are to become clowns,
bareback riders, trapeze actors, peanut
butchers, side show attractions and spiel
ers for the entertainment of the people
on that day.
Judge Seawell made an order directing
that notice of the petition be served on
the grand president and upon the officers
of Genevieve Parlor and set the hearing
for June 27. .
Under the provisions of section 315 of
the Civil Code, Minerva Parlor filed a
petition In the Superior Court yesterday
for a decree annulling the action of the
Grand Parlor in admitting Genevieve
Parlor to membership in the order.
The plaintiffs asked the Grand Parlor
to reject all of the applicants of the so
called Genevieve Parlor and the Grand
Parlcr thought that the violation of the
constitution should be condoned in that
instance and the grand president upheld
upon the ground that it was a question
of fraternity against the law of the or
ganization and that fraterniy ought to
control. It therefore refused to permit
Minerva Parlor to be heard through an
attorney or otherwise. ; •
Attorney Stevens contended in his ar
gument yesterday that Minerva Parlor
had no right to bring In an attorney to
plead its case, it being a secret organiza
tion. Attorney Collins, on the other
hand, argued that the authorities showed
that Minerva Parlor had the right to be
represented by counsel. The matter was
submitted on briefs.
As the result of this squabble Mary E.
Tillman and other members of Minerva
Parlor No. 2 filed a petition for a writ
of mandamus to compel the Grand Par
lor to allow an attorney engaged by them
to appear before the Grand Parlor and
argue the question at issue. Attorney
Martin Stevens, in behalf of the Grand
Parlor, filed a demurrer, and It was on
this demurrer that Judge Seawell listened
to arguments yesterday.
The courtroom was crowded with mem
bers of the various parlors interested In
the controversy. Minerva Parlor, through
its attorney, George D. Collins, applied for
a writ of mandamus to compel the Grand
Parlor to hear the application of Gene
vieve Parlor for the annulment of the
charter alleged to have been Illegally Is
sued by the grand president to Genevieve
Parlor.
During the session the doors were
locked, so that the members of Genevieve
Parlor could not be ordered from the hall.
Both factions rested on their arms until
the meeting of the Grand Parlor, which
was held last week. The matter of recog
nizing or rejecting the delegates of Gene
vieve Parlor then came up for action.
The final session of the parent body was
decidedly interesting. The fair delegates
forgot fraternal feelings and charged
each other with nearly every crime in the
decalogue. At one stage it was suggssted
that the police be called in to quell the
disturbance. A telephone message was
sent to a prominent attorney and his ad
vice was asked. He informed the ladies
that it would be unwise to call in police
men.
Despite the action of Minerva Parlor,
Mrs. Baker gathered the rejected members
together in a basement on Clay street and
installed the members in the order.^ Be
ing very modest, Mrs. Baker suggested
that her name be omitted and the par
lor be known as "Genevieve."
Over at South San Francisco, La Ves
pira Parlor holds forth. It is composed of
residents of that section of the city and
up to a year ago Its sessions were re
markable for their calmness. Certain of
the fair ones became dissatisfied with the
policy pursued by their sisters, however,
and there was a small sized revolt. Some
of the members objected to the conduct
of other of ladies and a committee
was appointed to investigate the actions
of those WHo were under the ban. Be
fore this committee could report the mem
bers who were in disfavor withdrew and
proceeded to form a rival parlor. They
applied to the grand president for a
charter but this was denied them, where
upon the dissatisfied faction called upon
Mrs. Genevieve Baker. The leader in
formed Mrs. Baker that as she was a can
didate for the office of grand president,
they would throw many votes her way if
she would promise to grant them a char
ter. The lady made the necessary prom
ise and iri course of time she was elect
ed. She granted the charter and the re
volters honored her by naming their par
lor after her. It is a rule of the Grand
Parlor that a subordinate parlor wishing
to gain admittance must 'be voted upon
by the various other parlors, and in the
event twenty blackballs are cast against
the applicant, siich application will be re
ject 2d. Minerva Parlor, one of the oldest
of its kind in the order, was opposed to
the Genevieve Baker Parlor and every
member of the new society was rejected.
Superior Judge Seawell yesterday lis
tened to arguments in the controversy
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
"West. The question at issue was a purely
legal one and did not involve the interne
cine war that has raged among the mem
bers of the organization. The last session
of the Grand Parlor proved the most ex
citing In the history of thp society. The
sessions being executive, the members
were in duty bound not to divulge what
had taken place, but the debates were
so heated and. the feeling ran so high that
it was Impossible for the ladles to keep
absolutely quiet. As a result members of
the Native Sons and many wlio are not
members of the organization are smiling
at the efforts of the fair sex to govern
themselves.
Deputies at large — For ' northern counties,
Emma Rogers of Laurel Parlor of Nevada City;
southern counties, Sadie Rlos of La' Esperanza
Parlor of Los Angeles; central counties, Han
nah Moose of California Parlor of Sacramento.
District 43, Kern and San Bernardino coun
ties — District deputy grand president at large.
District 44, Los Angeles, ¦ Riverside and San
Diego counties — La Esperanza and Los An
geles Parlors of Los Angeles. Miss F. Simpson
of Los Angeles Parlor. -
District 42. San Luis Obispo County — San
Miguel Parlor of San Miguel, San Luislta Par
lor of San Luis Obispo and "El Paso de los
Robles of Paso Robles, Winnie Hutson of San
Miguel Parlor.
District 41, Santa Barbara and Ventura coun
ties — Buena Ventura Parlor of Ventura, Loa
Pimientos Parlor of Santa Paula, Relna del
Mar Parlor of Santa Barbara, Cora B. McGon
igle of Buena Ventura Parlor.
District 40. San Benlto and Santa Cruz coun
ties — Alell Parlor, Salinas. La Paloma Parlor,
Gilroy;. and Copa de Oro Parlor, Holllster,
Amelia Black of Aleli Parlor.
' District 39, Monterey and Santa Cruz coun
ties — Santa Cruz Parlor of Santa Cruz and El
Pajaro Parlor of Watsonville, Addle F. Ben
nett of Santa Cruz.
District 38. | San Mateo County — Bonita Pai
lor. Redwood City, and Monte Robles, San
Mateo. Hattie Burke of Orinda Parlor.
' Districts 26 to 36, inclusive — Minerva Parlor,
Mrs. .N. Boege of La Vespero; Alta and Las
Lomas, . Mabel Miller of Alta Parlor; Orinda
and La Vespero, Miss Minnie Wall of Minerva;
Oro Flno and Las Tarrosas. Miss Lucie Franck
of Calaveras; Buena Vista, Miss Susie Kalt
hoff of Yosemitej Golden State and Yosemlte,
Mrs. Emma Thierbach of La Estrella; Fremont,
Alice Munson of Sans Souci; La "Estrella and
Calaveras, Genevieve Carroll of Darina; Sans
Souci, Miss Mamie McCarthy of Alta; Darina,
Mrs. O'Neal of Sans Souci; Genevieve ± Parlor,
Mrs. Rebekah Kemp Van Ee of Alt* Parlor.
District 87, Santa Clara County— San Jose
Parlor and Vendome Parlor, San Jose, Louise
Roueell of Bonita Parlor.
District 25. Merced, Fresno, Kings and
Tulare counties — Veritas Parlor, Merced, and
Vlsalia Parlor. Visalia, Julia Levy of Visalia
Parlor. ¦ .
District 21, San Joaquin and Calaveras coun
ties — (c).Ivy Parlor, Lodi, and Geneva Parlor,
Camanche, Emma Llllle of Ivy P.arlor. -
-District 22, Alameda County — (a) Hay wards
Parlor of Haywards, Verona Parlor of Pleas
anton and Angelita Parlor of Livermore, Mrs.
Agnes Lunstedt of Buena Vista Parlor; (b)
Ollvina Parlor, Alvarado, Myrtle Harp of
Angelita Parlor; (c) Piedmont Parlor and
Aloha Parlor, Oakland, Lillle Brackett of Alta
Parlor.
District 23, Alpine, Inyo and Mono counties —
District deputy grand president at large.
District 24, Maripo?a County — Mariposa Par
tot-, ' Mariposa, Lucy S. Miller of "that parlor.
District 21, San Joaquln County — (b) Joaquin
Parlor, Stockton, and El Pescadero Parlor,
Tracy, Winnie Hilke ¦ of Joaquin Parlor. .
District 20, Contra Costa County — Pinole Par
lor of Pinole and Ema Crockett Parlor of
Crockett, Mrs. Carrie Landregan of Aloha
Parlor.
District 21 — (a) Oakdale Parlor, Oakdale,
Miss Amelia Reitz of Dardanelle Parlor.
District 18, Tuolumne • County — Dardanelle
Parlor of Sonora and Golden Era Parlor of Co
lumbia. Mrs. Essye -Wood of Oakdale Parlor.
District 19, Contra Costa Parlor — Ramona
Parlor of Martinet and Miriam Parlor of Som
ersville, Mrs. Yates of Ema Crockett Parlor.
District 17, Calaveras County — (a) Ruby Par
lor of Murphys and San Andreas Parlor of San
Andreas, Kate . Dorrch of Princess Parlor; (b)
Princess Parlor. Mrs. Getchell of San Andreas
Parlor.
District 14, Placer County — Sierra Parlor of
Dutch Flat, Pine Burr Parlor 'of Colfax, Miss
Mary E. Durnln of Pine Burr Parlor.
District 15, Sacramento and El Dorado coun
ties — Marguerite Parlor of Placerville, Califla,
La Bandera and Sutter parlors of Sacramento
and Fern Parlor of Folaom. May Burgess of
f^a Bandera Parlor.
District 16, Amador County — (a) Ursula Par
lor of Jackson, Amapala Parlor of Sutter Creek
and Conrad Parlor of Volcano, Clorinda Cas
selli of Conrad Parlor: (b) Chlspa Parlor of
lone and Forest Parlor of Plymouth, Ella Ad
ams of Forest Parlor.
Grand President Eliza D. Keith has ap
pointed, and commissioned the following
named as her deputies to assist her In
carrying on the work of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West during tho
current term:
District No. 1., Del Norte County — Mrs. Ora
Crawford of Crescent Parlor, Eureka.
District 2— (a) Reichllng Parlor of Fortuna,
Blue Lakes Parlor of Blue Lakes and wlnona
Parlor of Arcata, Mrs. Clara L. Campbell of
Occident Parlor; (b) Occident Parlor of Eu
reka and Oneonta Parlor of Femdale, Miss
Mary Richards of Winoria Parlor.
District a, Mendocino and , Lake counties —
Mrs. Alice Pollard of Greenwood Parlor.
District 4, Sonoma and Marin counties— One
of the district deputy grand presidents at large.
District 5, Trinity. County — Eltapome Parlor
of i Weaverville, Miss Myrtle Cleaves of that
parlor.
District 6. Slskiyou and Tehama counties —
Eschscholtzia Parlor of Etna Mills, Mountain
Dawn Parlor of Sawyers Bar and Mauna Loa
Parlor of Fort Jones, Miss Mabel Dunphy of
Mountain Dawn Parlor.
District 7, Shasta and Butte counties — Ca
mellia Parlor or Anderson and Lassen View
Parlor of Shasta, Mrs. Weaver of Camellia
Parlor. .
District 8, Glenn and Colusa counties — A dis
trict deputy president at large.
• ' District a, Yolo, Solano ahd Napa counties —
(a) Kschol and Liberty parlors. Miss Flaherty
of Napa; (b) Woodland Parlor of Woodland,
Miss Lulu Shelton of that parlor. - ,..'•'
District 10. Modoc and Lassen counties — Dis
trict deputy grand president at large.
District 11, Sierra County — (a) Golden Bar
Parlor and Alta Wallls Parlor of Loyalton.
Mrs. E. Brown of Naomi Parlor; (b) Naomi
Parlor of Downleville, Lynn Walsh of Alta
Wallis Parlor. : '.
District 12. Plumas County — District grand
president at large. . •
District 13, Yuba and Nevada counties —
Laurel Parlor of Nevada' City, Manzanlta Par
lor of Grass Valley and Columbia Parlor of
French Corral, Miss May Martin of Laurel
Parlor.
Attorney George D. Collins Ap
plies for a Writ— of
Mandamus.
sions to a Large Number
cf Subordinates.
Mi S3 Keith Issues Commis-
New Grand President of
.Native Daughters
* Finds Aids.
Native Daughters Air
Grievances Before
Judge SeawelL
MANY DEPUTIES
T0 ASSIST HER
MINERVA PARLOR
GOES TO COURT
THE SAN] FBANCISCO CA-LIi, SATUKDAY, JTJ]NrE 21, 1902.
Show on Earth for the Fourth.
Promise Garden City People the Greatest
SAN JOSE ELKS REHEARSE
STUNTS IN SAWDUST RING
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Parasites Cause All Hair Troubles.
Nine- tenths of the diseases of the/ scalp
and hair are caused by parasite germs.
The importance of this discovery by Pro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, cannot be overesti-
mated. . It explains why ordinary hair
preparations, even of the most expensive
character, fail to cure dandruff; because
they do not and they cannot Kill the dan-
druff germ. The only hair preparation in
tho world that positively destroys the
dandruff parasites that burrow up the
scalp into scales called scurf or dandruff
is Newbro's Herpicide. In addition to its
destroying the dandruff germ Herpicide
is also a delightful hair dressing, making
the hair glossy and soft as silk.
Do|o/-»/} Desirable location.
rdlUVV unsurpassed cuisine,
-— t on equaled ser-
nftti v »ce and modern
Uilu conveniences are the
attributes that have
frvnrtA made these two ho-
xildLili * eIs . Popular with
tourists and travel-
Hnfalc £" V ho visit San
llUlWld Francisco.
AMUSEMENTS.
BASEJ3ALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, 3:16
/, - P. M. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FRANCISCO~Ys: LOS ANGELES.
RECREATION PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale ol Seats, 5 Stockton «t. ,., '
W1LS01
0AKE JOSEPH. ReDresentatlve. 1W Battery Street. San Fraaetn*'
AMUSEMENTS.
Matinee To-day (Saturday), Jane 21.
Parquet, any sect. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chil-
dren, any part except reserved, lOc.
A BIG NEW SHOW!
EJeanor Falk and Her Chorus of 10
Girls; Bedini and Arthur; Loris
and Altina; Swan and Bamberg,
and the Biograph/ Last times of
the Twin Sisters Meredith; Cush-
man, EEolcombe and Curtis; How-
ard Chambers and Barton and
Ashley.
SPECIAL! THIS AFTERNOON at 12:15
rharp, JEHAN BEDITCI. of Bedini and Arthur.
Will Catch a Turnip Dropped from the Fif-
teenth Floor of the Claus Spreckels Building
on a Fork Held in His Mouth.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
A Good Reserved Seat 25c
To-Night, To-Morrow Night and all
Next Week.
MATINEE JULY 4.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET.
In David Belasco's Great Play,
Seats ICow Selling for This and Next Week.
Market Street. Near Eighth. l"hone South 533.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW
TO-NIGHT AND SUNDAY— LAST NIGHTS.
The Best Farce Ccmedy cf Them All,
MY AUNT
K.OVEL AND TJP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
?D?rFC> Evenings 10c to 60c
I IlIWCO. Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
KEXT MONDAY— THE BIG MELODRAMA.
"THE ROAD TO RUIN."
Charles Frohman Presents
Henry Miller, Margaret Anglin.
And a SPECIAL COMPANY.
MATINEE TO DAY.
To-rlrht— Lact Time "TRELAWNY OF THE.
WELLS."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday. ¦ •
HENRY MILLER, MARGARET ANGLIN
And SPECIAL COMPANY In
Arthur W. Pinero's Four-act Comedy,.
THE GAY LORD QQ^X.
After Its Successful Run of 400 Nights In London.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
BOUVENTR TOY MATINEE TO-DAY at 2
SHARP!
LAST TIMES! LAST TIMES!
GET IN LINE BEFORE TOO LATE.
"THE TOY MAKER."
BRING THE CHILDREN TO GET TOYS
THIS AFTERNOON.
MONDAY. June 23— The Record Breaker,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
(BOOT MONO
POPULAR PRICES .25c, 60c and 75c
Telephone Bush — 0.
Fischer's Theater.
Ve Ma Fiddle Dee Dee
ay Qnit Any Day.
But, Monday Night Ncx-t
Souvenirs, Commemorating the
One Qtmdreth Performance
Of This Great Burlesque
"Will be distributed to
Everybody attending.
2£atinees to-day and Sunday.
ICight prices, 25c and 50c
Matinees, 25c. anywhere.
Children at matinees, 10c.
MATINEES TO-DAY AND TO-MORROW.
LAST TWO NIGHTS OF
"ROMEO AND JULIET."
•Week Beginning MONDAY EVENING NEXT
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARD MORGAN
In an Elaborate Production of
"THE TWJ ORPHANS."
The Greatest Melodrama of the Century.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 60c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
LAST TIME— TO-NIGHT— MATINEE
TO-DAY.
m. JAMES NE1LL AND COMPANY IN
.-. CAPTAiN_SWIFT g
NextStmday Evening, IN IOBE.
UffggiiT. Thursday — 25c, SOc]
Special Engagement, feunday Evening, Juno 29,
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And Hft Excellent Company of Players,
Presectlnr a Magnificent Scenic Production of
"FRANCESCA DA RIMINL"
6eaU ready Thursday, June 26, 9 a, m.
™S CHUTES !
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERV AFTERNOON
AND EVENING.
KELLY AND KENT; MURPHY AND
gLATER; EDYTHE TILDEN; NELLIE
MONTGOMERY; EID BAXTER; ROMANY
TRIO, AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Daily and Nightly! Don't Fail to See
Bardy Downing Loop the Loop
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY.
Admission 10c Children 6c
Pbone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from I a, m, to 11 p. m.
Bathing from 1 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
feathing, including admission. 25c; children, 20c
__ _¦¦ •¦ ~'*-:--'__i'_ _~~__ ADVERTISEMENTS j
Letter from Miss Georgie Bryan, Sec-
retary of the Social Economic Wo-
man's Club of Memphis, Tenn.
> How nv.riy beautiful young girls develop into worn, listless and hopeless
women simply because sufficient attention has not been paid to their physical
development,. No woman is exempt from physical weakness and periodic
pain, and young- girls Just' budding into womanhood should be carefully
guided physically as well as morally.
V If you know of any young lady who is sick and needs motherly
advice ask her to write to Mrs. Pinkham at Lynn, Mass., who will
give her advice free from a source of knowledge which is un-
equalled | in the country. Do not hesitate about stating details
which one may not like to talk about, and which are essential
for a full understanding of the case. ; W V *
MISS GEORGIE BRYAN, 193 Vance St, Memphis, Tenn,
u I can heartily recommend Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable
Compound to all young girls, for I have used it myself with the best of
results.
" Last spring I was very much run down and was advised to try it,
which I did; and I was most pleased with its results. The monthly -
aches and pains so common to women, especially distressing in my case,
were all cured by Liydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, and I
now always keep it oji hand to help me over sick days."
How Mrs. Pinkham Helped Fannie Kumpe. \/
First Letter. .
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I write for advice in regard to my case.
Menstruation has been coming twice in each month and I have such
pains in my back and limbs and womb, and such hot flushes-^hat ifc
seems as though I would burn up. I have had doctors treat me but
they have done me no good. Can you help me ? " — Miss Fannie Kumpe,
1922 Chester St., Little Rock, Ark. (Sept 10, 1900.)
Second Letter. .
"Dear Mrs. Pinkham: — I feel it is my duty to "write and tellyotf
of the benefit I have derived from your advice and the use of Lydia E,
Pinkham's Vegetable .Compound. The pains in my back and womb
have all left me and my menstrual trouble is corrected. I am very
thankful for the good advice you gave me, and I shall recommend your
medicine to all who suffer from female weakness." — Miss Fanxib
Kumpe, 1922 Chester St., Little Rock, Ark. (Dec. 16, 1900.)
O, my sisters, I do pray you to profit by the experiences of these
women; just as surely as they were cured of troubles, just so
surely will Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound cure every j
woman in the land who suffers from womb troubles, inflammation
of the ovaries, kidney troubles, nervous excitability, nervous pros*
t ration, and all forms of woman's special ills. - r»
I HI f* AAA REWARD. — W« hare deposited with the National Ci ty Bank of Lynn, $5 X», I
I VrilBlIll wn<ctl wil1 bo P aid *° *°y Person who can find that the abOTe testimonial le ter I
lai.llSlfl 18 not genuine, or was published before obtaining the writer's special jejt- I
| W^VW W mission. iydia E. Pinkham Medicine Co.. Lynn. Mm I. |l ;THREE MEMBERS OF THE COMMITTEE APPOINTED TO LOOK AF
TER THE WELFARE AND ENJOYMENT OF ; THOSE WHO ATTEND
THE.ANNUAL PICNIC OF THE LETTER CARRIERS.
reception committee: James E. Clisham,
Frank Tyrell, John F. Harney, Hugh J.
Willis, William H. Gibson, Carl Timm,
H. O. Chrismann, Horace J. Berry, Wil
liam J. Welsh, Charles T. Webb and John
E. Welch.
The officers have strong evidence that
the assailant of Mrs. Moore Is a promi
nent young man of this city. He wore a
barley sack over his head, with eyeholes
in the sack. He wore no coat. The Sheriff
is positive he has the right man in sight,
and as soon as Mrs. Moore, who is in a
highly excited and nervous state, regains
composure sufficiently to identify the man
he will be placed under arrest. In the
meantime he is being watched closely.
NEVADA, June 20.— Additional facts re
garding the attack upon Mrs. Elihu
Moore several nights ago are being
brought to light. Instead of having been
attacked but once, as was at first report
ed, Mrs. Moore was set upon twice the
same day — once early In - the afternoon and
again late at night. The daylight attack
was made at a lonely spot on a road far
from observation. Mrs. Moore at that
time succeeded in eluding her . assailant,
but when attacked at night he managed
to catch her, and only after a desperate
struggle did she escape.
Nevada County Officers
Suspect Prominent
Young Man.
SEEK ASSAILANT
OF MRS. MOORE
The City Council of Eureka and others
of Hurnboldt County have been served
with an injunction and restraining order
b>-^nlted States Circuit Judge Morrow on
the petition of the Sunset Telephone and
Telegraph Company during the pendency
of the suit of the company against the
City Council,
The complaint, which, was filed in the
United States Circuit Court, alleges that
A. C. Dauphiny, H. A. Poland and Frank
Zeigler, a majority of the City Council,
conspired- for the purpose of extortion
and gain and made certain extortionate
demands for money to -.be paid by the
company for and on behalf of themselves
and their associates; that the amount so
demanded was $4000; that the company
was then advised that if it refused to
pay the same it would not obtain per
mission from the City Council to erect
any more poles in Eureka; that its taxes
would be increased and that its rates for
telephone service would be reduced about
one-half. It is alleged further that . the
telephone company refused to pay this
sum of money, and that In consequence
of said refusal the application of the com
pany was continued and "delayed without
action by Dauphiny, Poland and Zeigler
until March 18, 1902, when it was denied
by their votes, no reason being given for
eucn denial. It is iurther alleged that
pending the disposition of said applica
tion the company was informed by the
respondents that no further permission
would be granted to erect poles in the
city of Eureka until the aforesaid money
arrangement was made with them, and the
company was referred to an intermediary
by said respondents, by and through
whom such arrangements might be ef
fected. " • .
It is further alleged that in pursuance
of said scheme to extort from, the com
pany Dauphiny, Poland and Zeigler pro
cured to be passed by tne Council on
January 27, 1902, two ordinances, numbered
£85 and 286, to take the place of ordin
ances 250 and 260, on the pretext that the
latter ordinances were void. The com
plainants allege that the new ordinances
are In violation of the . interstate com
merce act, and that the City Council 1b
planning to remove the poles as a nuis
ance, and that they procured the arrest
of A. E. McLaren, superintendent of the
company, on a charge of misdemeanor
for maintaining the poles on the streets,
which case Is now pending in the Police
Court. .
Complainant alleges also that Dau-
Ehiny, Poland and Zeigler will direct the
uperlntendent of Streets, J. F. Thomas,
to tear down and remove the poles, which
would result in great damage to the' tele
phone company. It Is further f averred
that the rates to be charged by the com
pany and fixed by the ordinances are too
low and would result, if enforced, in the
destruction of the property of the com
pany.
E. S. Pillsbury appears as solicitor for
the plaintiff.
Charges of Blackmail
Against Eureka
Officials.
A Swell Welcome.
The banquet tendered to the Los An
geles Shriners at the Palace Hotel was
bevond doubt the most select affair of all
the Mystic Shriners 1 festivities. The
speeches were witty and intere3ting, the
cuisine perfect and the Moet & Chandon
White Seal Champagne was exquisite. •
One More Toy Pistol Victim.
To the already extensive list of toy pis
tol victims there was one more recorded
yesterday in the person of Charles Bar
rett, aged 11 years, who lives at 9 Rausch
street. Barrett, in order to be on time
for the coming Fourth, bought a toy pis
toi and tried it. He is now satisfied that
the pistol will work if properly handled.
A small-sized bullet was cut 'out of thd
palm of his left hand by Dr. Bunnell.
A bottle was found on the Cliff House
beach yesterday containing a scrap of pa
per, on which was written in pencil a note
signed Charles Cohen, stating that the
writer intended to commit suicide and
that his body would be found in the brush
near the "Wheelman's Rest. Police
searched the spot, but were unable to find
any body. They arrived at the conclusion
that the note was a hoax.
Probably a Hoax.
SAY COUNCILMEN
DEMAND BOODLE
ises to be a success, both finan
cially and socially. The committee of ar
rangements has worked hard and faith
fully and a programme of entertainments
has been prepared that will afford pleas
ure both to Uncle Sam's men and the
many friends- who will accompany them,
on their outing. There will be the usual
number of races and athletic events and
valuable prizes will be awarded the suc
cessful competitors. A band stationed in
the big pavilion will furnish music for
these who wish to dance. Among the gate
prizes are a $70 sewing machine and a $50
pastel from a local studio.
The Letter Carriers' Aid Association has
been in existence for fourteen years and
during that period has accomplished great
good by helping members and their rela
tives in their hour of distress and sorrow.
The sick and death benefit fund has been
severely taxed during the past year and it
is for the purpose of replenishing the
treasury the picnic will be given. The
worthiness of the cause appeals to the
public and that there will be a generous
attendance at the picnic is assured.
The following carriers will act as the
THE annual picnic of the Letter
Carriers' Mutual Aid Association,
which will take place at Schuet
zen Park Sunday; June 29, prom-
A regular meeting of the Thirty-third
Assembly District Primary League Club
vas held at Fairmount Hall Thursday
evening.
The following executive committee was
appointed: E. H. Herrick, John H. Cox,
Chris Stader, August Straub, H. Nathan,
W. S. Robertson, W. C. lrwin, L. White
rnan, Dewey Coffin, S. M. Snyder, "W. H.
Cole, E. N. Torella, W. C. Fisher, H. F.
Weigman and Gustave Schnee.
After the meeting adjourned there was
a high jinks, at which speeches were
made by the guests of the club— A. Ruef,
Frank A. Schmitz, Colonel H. T. Sime
and L. E. Savage. Speeches were also
delivered by W. C. Mariett, John Butler,
C. H. Carcass and Charles F. Daly, and
music was rendered by Mr. St. John and
Mr. Cuneo, and a badge presentation by
Chris Stader. -
The Daily Humboldt Times and the
Dally Huniboldt Standard announce that
A C. Barker, City Superintendent of
Schools of Eureka, is in the fie-.d as a
candidate for the Republican nomination
for State Superintendent of Schools. Citi
zens of Humboldt County speak highly
of Professor Barker's ability and experi
ence as an educator. \
THIRTT-THIBD DISTRICT.
The Republican Primary League urges its
members and citizens in general to register
immediately. ,
The first object of this organization Is to
interest citizens In political affairs, and urge
them to a full -performance of their duties.
The Governorship, the highest and most im
portant office In the State, is involved in the
coming primary election.
' No man discharges his duties s as a citizen
and elector who fails to vote at a primary
honestly conducted. Under the present primary
law the votes are honestly counted and here
the citizen has an opportunity to express his
preference as to the men who shall name the
ticket for which he votes. If he votes for
liberal and fair men at the primary they will
name representative candidates; if he votes
at the primary for corrupt men, corruption
will result. • ,
The Republican Primary League only desires
a full and fair expression of the people's will,
which in the coming primary may be effectively
shown for the best interests of the State and
party; we therefore request all citizens to
register and take part in the coming primary
election.
E. B. Edson of Gazelle, Slskiyou Coun
ty, is allowing his cattle on a thousand
hills to graze for themselves while he
journeys about the State looking after his
political fences. Edson is not disturbed
by the doings of other candidates. He
possesses a good sense of humor which
helps him cut In the campaign. The other
day at the Union League Club he was ac
costed in this style.
"How's your campaign, Edson?
"Going along all right," was the. reply.
"How do you and Gage get along? Is
the Governor fighting you?"
"He is not making a bitter fight, said
Edson. "It's only the old antagonism be
tween cattlemen and sheepmen."
The Board of Directors of the Republi
can Primary League met last evening and
considered the subject of registration.
The following resolution was adopted by
the Board:
The great demonstration accorded to
Eugene E. Schmitz at gtockton has en
raged the Gage push of San Franciscp
and Los Angeles. The Gage organs in the
south throw discretion to the winds and
in their mad frenzy speak of Schmitz
as the "fiddling Mayor of San Francisco,"
The Gage organette in San Francisco does
not attack the Mayor personally for ad
dressing fellow Californians at Stockton,
but it Hies into a rage when the Primary
League is mentioned.
CATTLEMEN AND SHEEPMEN.
A. 0. Barker of Eureka Is
Out for Superintendent
of Schools.
Looking After His Polit
ical Fences Keeps
Him Busy.
EDSON SAUNTERS
ALONG THE LINE
Proceeds of the Outing Will Go to Letter Carriers'
Mutual Aid Association.
UNCLE S AM'5 MEN W H O CARRY
THE MAIL WILL GIVE PICNIC
WILL WAGE WAR
ON TOY PISTOLS
Hospital Records Show
an Alarming Number
of Casualties.
Surgeon Bunnell Asks Chief
of Police to Disarm Young
San Francisco.
The coming Fourth of July is casting a
shadow so sharp and black over the rec
ords of the city receiving hospitals that
Chief Surgeon Bunnell has been con
strained to invoke the aid of Chief of Po
lice Wittman in the task of disarming the
email boy.
The approaching celebration of Indepen
dence day has aroused Young San Fran
cisco's lust for warlike noise. Enterpris
ing dealers in Fourth of July equipment
have placed within the reach of the poor
est simple means for satisfying to the
limit this desire for martial disturbance.
Nothing appeals to Young America
with as much eloquence as does the pos
session of a. pistol. The pistol of com
merce is a luxury beyond the means of
the average youngster. Since war times
have familiarized the small boy with real
pistols nothing but a real pistol or a good
working imitation will satisfy him when
it comes to celebratng the glorious
Fourth. He has been provided with both.
The real pistol he has obtained, surrep
titiously perhaps, but he has it and
has used It. The imitation or toy pistol
he can obtain in exchange for a few cents
and it is a poor specimen of a boy that
cannot rustle money in a cause of such
vital interest.
So far as the small boy is concerned
both pistols are equally deadly, and it is
against this weapon in any form that
Chief Surgeon Bunnell has decided to go
to war.
"It's the boy that packs a gun that
makes us work," says Bunnelh "and I
have asked Chief of Police Wittman to
save these juvenile but sanguinary cele
brants from themselves."
DEADLY EXECUTION.
The records of the Central Emergency
Hospital > and of the Harbor Receiving
Hospital give some idea as to the deadly
execution already wrought by the toy pis
tol, and there is hardly a drugstore ;in
the city or a physician with family
practice that has not been called upon
within the last few weeks to repair the
havoc wrought by a misplaced explosion
of gunpowder.
At the Central Emergency Hospital dur
ing this month up to noon of yesterday
twenty-five small boys have been treated
for gunshot wounds and powder burns,
and similar cases at the Harbor Hospital
number a round dozen.
"Gunshot wound of the left hand" is the
way the record reads in most cases and
all the wounds have been more or less se
rious. In some cases Inquisitive fingers
have been torn away and in others good,
useful ej"es have been placed permanent
ly on the retired list.
The principal danger, according to Dr.
Bunnell and his assistant surgeons, Is
from blood poisoning. Both the real and
the toy pistols shoot blank cartridges.
The powder in these is held in place by' a
wad. When this wad strikes at close
range a soft surface, such as the disen
gaged hand of a smaTl boj r , it makes an
entrance and carries into the wound all
its own impurities, together with every
thing in the way of real estate that may
have previously accumulated on the
youngster's hand. As no self-respecting
boy engaged in the serious work of cele
brating the Fourth of July ever has clean
hands, this latter accumulation is gener
ally considerable and sometimes of a dan
gerous nature when introduced under the
skin.
The real danger, say the hospital sur
geons, is from blood poisoning and lock
jaw. Some apparently simple wounds
have developed serious complications.
THIBT^-SEVEN mJTTBED.
The toy pistol is responsible for nearly
every case treated at the city hospitals.
The Fourth of July Is two weeks away,
bet during this month alone thirty-seven
small boys have sustained injury from
these warlike playthings.
Included in these thirty-seven cases is
one repeater, and each visit to the hospi
tal cost the victim a finger. Prior to the
first visit the youngster took a shot with
a blank cartridge at the index finger of
his left hand. He shattered the digit and
ran bleeding and howling to his mother,
who confiscated and destroyed the pistol
before taking the young warrior to the
Harbor Hospital. Two days later he was
back at the hospital with another finger
in ribbons. Mother had relented her con
fiscation judgment and to console Willie
for his suffering had bought him a new
pistol.
Chief Surgeon Bunnell has asked the
Chief of Police to regulate the placing of
these deadly weapons in immature hands.
He also issues a ¦warning to parents.
Every one of the thirty-seven cases
treated this month represents, the doctor
Bays, weeks cf careful dressing and nurs
ing. Borne of the cases may have fatal
ending. In many of them the mutilation
Is considerable and in nearly all' of them
the scars will be permanent.
If you value your youngster, say all the
doctors, don't place him In danger of
blood poisoning, lockjaw and death by
giving him as a plaything a deadly toy
pistol.
TO DECIDE UPON
POLICY BY VOTE
Merchants^ Association
Debates the License
Question.
Rates Are Very Much Lower
in. This City Than
Elsewhere.
The board of directors of tne Mer
chants* Association is seriously corisin
erlng the advisability of advocating,
among other municipal improvements a
decided increase in the cost of retail
liquor licenses. The number of saloons
in San Francisco in v proportion to tne
population is shown to be greater than
in any other important city in the £n»ed
States. In most Eastern cities it is i con
sJdered that the revenue from the sale or
liquors should wholly, or almost wholly
pay for police protection. In =»»".* r £}_
Sisco the amount of money annually ae
rived by the city from saloons is *^£-;
The cost of maintenance of tno Foiu-
Departmennis $884,461. It has been deter
mined to find out the opinion of a.ma
jority of the members of the association,
and voting cards have been distributed
on which are the following questions.
(1) Do you favor increasing the retail liquor
license^ rf n
num here? (The average rate for other large
cities In California Is nearly $400 per annum).
(3) If not, what do jou favor?
(4) Do you favor a graded license instead or
a flat rate? .
A table of the rates of licenses In Pa
cific Coast cities shows that the cost per
annum of retailing liquors is $1000 'in
Seattle, $600 in Los Angeles, $400 in Port
land, dr., and Oakland and $300 or more
in Fresno, San Jose and -Sacramento, in
certain Massachusetts cities the rate
ranges from $2000 to $2500. With the not
ing cards and tables the following reso
lutions, adopted by the directors of the
association at the monthly meeting on
May 28, have been sent to each member.
Whereas If the city of San Francisco is to
maintain its place among its sister cities i, it
must be quick to adopt the methods these
other cities have found to be wise and efnca
ck-us. In a word. It must be conducted upon
the Iine3 of the progressive cities of the
Union. The Merchants' Association would be
derelict in its duty and false to its Purpose
did it not advocate for San Francisco all that
the great cities of the Union have found to be
efficacious for the upbuilding of their munici
palities and for the benefit of their citizens;
and
Wherea3 One of the most important points
of difference that now exists between San
Francisco and these other Ieaittng cities is the
exceedingly low rate of retail liquor license
that 13 now in force in this municipality. Sta
tistics show that this license rate is start
lingly less than that of almost any other city
in the United States; and
Whereas, Considering that al! the other great
cities of the nation have found it to their best
interest to establish and maintain a rate of
license far in excess of that prevailing in the
city of San Francisco; therefore, be it
Resolved, That the board of directors of the
Merchants' Association is hereby requested to
ascertain the views of the whole association
by a postal vote of all its members on this
most important question, and thereupon act
in harmony with the views expressed by the
majority vote.
Recovers Penalty.
The suit of John A. Marshall for $360
against F. A. Williams and the Regents
of the University of California was de
cided in favor of the plaintiff yesterday.
Marshall while working on State con
tracts worked nine laborers more than
eight hours a day for four days, and Con
tractor Williams and the Regents with
held $360 as a penalty from the amount
due him. Many other suits have resulted
in similar verdicts.
1" HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902
The committee then elected Dr.- Ira Dal
ziel to \ succeed Major Filmer- as grand
marshal.'
Another meeting, will be held next Tues
day afternoon. It was decided not to hold
a night parade and the plan to- have a
night illumination of the city was also
abandoned, r --••.— --
Walter .H. Gallagher Immediately mov
ed that the resignation be accepted. A
vote -was then taken and Mr. Filmer's
name was withdrawn. Rabbi Levy then
arose and made a fitting and well worded
speech, carefully touching both' sides of
the Question, and this did much to ease
the feelings of the rival factions, j Dr:
Levy- dwelt on the honorable traits and
high standard of Major miner's charac
ter and paid him a. worthy tribute. He
added that he regretted the fact that any
ill-feeling existed and hoped that both
sides would be satisfied with the arrange
ments for the celebration.
- The committee In charge of the Fourth
of July celebration in this city is having
trouble 'trying to arrange, the patriotic
exercises to suit all classes of people who
are anxious to see the national holiday
fittingly observed. The cause of the pres
ent dispute is the appointing of a grand
marshal, and the representatives of two
prominent labor unions figure conspicu
ously in the difficulty.
The Fourth of July committee met at
the California Hotel yesterday afternoon,
Chairman Bruce Cornwall presiding. Wil
liam J. White of the Typographical Union
was on hand to object to Major Filmer,
who had been chosen grand marshal at
a previous meeting, on the ground that he
was a member of Filmer Bros., electro
typers, a non-union firm. White was back
ed by Michael Coffey of the Hackmen's
Union and a member of the Fourth of
July committee. '
White was first to voice his objections.
He said if Filmer was permitted to act as
marshal all labor organizations would
withhold their support from the celebra
tion. Coffey said that if Filmer's name
was not withdrawn no- cabs or hacks
would be allowed in the Fourth of July
parade.
Chairman Cornwall and other members
of the committee questioned White and
Coffey as to their objections. ¦
Chairman Cornwall explained that Mr.
Filmer was elected grand marshal be
cause he was a man of sterling 1 character,'
a prominent member of the National
Guard, formerly a major in the First Cal
ifornia volunteers, having gone with them
to the Philippines, a prominent Native
Son and better suited to perform the du
ties of grand marshal than any one else
whose name had been presented. Mr.
Cornwall added that Mr. Filmer's busir
ness affairs were not thought of when he
was .chosen, simply his ability to do the
city and her citizens justice.
Chairman Cornwall then offered Mr. Fil
mer's * resignation/ acting for the latter,
as he is a personal friend, and the major
being out of town Prevented j his appear
ing. A
Filmer's Name Is With
drawn by Fourth of
July Committee.
TROUBLE OVER
GRAND MARSHAL
8
PAINE'S CTKLEBY COMPOITgl).
The World's Best Sum-,
mer Medicine;
PASNE'S CELERY
COMPOUND
Has Made People Well When
Every Other Remedy
Has Failed.
Palne's Celery Compound cures disease!
It has saved the lives of thousands of suf-
ferers. It has made the weak strong, vig-
orous, and happy.
Palne's Celery Compound purifies the
blood and build3 up the nervous system
as nothing else can do: it is pre-eminently
the great life-giver and health-maker.
Overworked and tired women stand in
urgent need of this health giving prescrip-
tion to make and keep* them well. All
women should take advantage of the re-
markable power of this best of medicines
for restoring vigor to the blood and
strength to the nervous, system. The
all-important thing for nervous, run down,
and sleepless women is that Paine's
Celery Compound fortifies the whole phy-
sical system, and by correcting diges-
tion and regulating the nerves, it Insures
sound, refreshing sleep. In every case of
sickness Palne's Celery Compound com-
pletely and permanently brings back
health. Mrs. Mary M. Myers, Baltimore,
Ohio, saved by Paine's Celery Compound
after the failures of able physicians,
gratefully writes as follows:
"I suffered for eight years with, nervou3
prostration and the general debility com-
mon to women, and had such pains in
my back that I could not get around the
house. I used several remedies and con-
sulted several of the best phy3ician» with-
out obtaining any relief. Palne's Celery
Compound restored me to health.
"I also want to say to all mothers that
Paine's Celery Compound is a splendid
medicine for their children."
OCEAN 1 STEAMBES.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
L^' Steamera leave San Fran-
$S!K£t- Cisco aa follows:
Sgj&SSfc. For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
SSSMfVCiw Ekagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
3f^»^Pt in., June 15. 20. 25. 30, July
:«V3SS *A* 6 ' 10 « 15 - Change to com-
! iaiac£-SC^ : pany'a steamers at Seattle.
WBWBBsijBffl For Victoria, Vancouver, ,
I *" . - Port Townsend. Soattla. Ta»
coma, Everett. Whatcom—
II a m June 15. 2°. 2V 30. July 8. 10, IS-
rh»nire at Seattle to this Company's steamer*
toAta*k» and O. N. Rr.: at Seattla or Ta-
£ P Ry : at Vancouver to a P. Ry.
"f'oVeu^ Sumboldt .Bay^O p.m..
and
Redond^).' s£n eI r>ie K o and Santa Baxbaxa-
¦W^cSKSS ThSrsoay » «.-._.
For Loi Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro) Santa Barbara, Santa Cru*. Mon- ,
terey San Slm^n. Cayucos. Port HarfoMj^aa
Luta Obiaoo). Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
( *«a. SSlfc «. «f \ 1* „ . .
Coos Bay. » a. ra.. June 15, 23. July !. a.
B °For a EMena I da. Magdalena Bay. San Jcee del
Cabo; Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax Santo Rosalls,
Guaymas <Mex.>— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
OPTICE-* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. G«n. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL, PEK gf g., Gen. Agent^
O. R. & /V- CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to An
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Z,OWB8T HATE3.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 22. July 2. 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27, July 7, 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear-st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong*y,8.F.
XJ. S. IY\f\ll~ ROUTE.
W™^*^ SAILINGS.
" NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch its first-class steamers, carrying
i United States malls, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
From San Francisco
S. S. PORTLANB About June 25
S. S. ST. PAUL About July 10
From. Seattle.
S. S. OHIO ....July 8
S. S. INDIANA July 2$
Connecting nt Nome with steamer Saidle.
carrying United States mail, for Teller ¦ and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovnin and St. Michael, and connecting; at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
" NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
645 Market St.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION' CO..
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle, Wash.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUIPA. ...July llGUATEMALA.Aus;. H
TUCAPEL July 1SJPALENA Aug. 30
These steamers are built exoressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at AcaDulco or Panama.) Freight
and passensrer office, 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oceaa!cs.S.Co. sasaa?
VVWmvviviyvo CI«£OT USE TO TAHITI
SS. ZEALANDIA, for Honolulu
Monday. June 23, 2 p. ra.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.... Thursday, July 3. 10 a. in.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
J. D. SMCSILS k BROS. CO., GsiEiai Igtl, 323M3Ii3E
Gen'l Pass. Cfflcs, 643 ttaiiet sl. Pier n 7. PaclUs sl
C0MPAG5I3 6ENEBALE TRANSATlANTI^S.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PAKia. Jt^,^,
Balling every Thursday. Instead of<gfrtVVk
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. ¦Jtmhb.w
North. River, foot of Morton ¦ street.
First class to- Havre. $70 and upward. Second,
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Brdadway (Hudson building). New
Ycrk. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacino Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Raiload Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN LIXE.
KEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Kemlng'n.July 1, 2 pmlPhila July 0, 10 am
Bt. Louis. July 2. 10 anil St. Paul. July 16, 10 ara
RED STAR LINE.
NEW TORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Zeeland... July 5. noonlVaderl'd. July 19, noon
Frlesland.July 12. noonlKroonl'd, July 26. noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TAYLOR.Q.A.P.C..30 MontgonVy st.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AMU VAILEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 1 a. m., 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main IMS. Tending an J
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BRO3. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
weakens the body and de-
I grades the mind. It saps :
: the nervous strength that [
is the source of all health,
and perverts the functions
of every organ. Because
of its stubborn nature, it is
often called incurable. This
is not true. There is one i
medicine that never fails to ,
check the nervous spasms
and give new strength to
the entire system. -~ -**<*»
"Our baby boy had epileptic spasms
and the physicians were unable to do
! anything: to help him. We beard of
Dr. Miles' Nervine, and from the time
i he took the first dose he never had
another, attack." Mrs. J. Pennes,
i 459 N. Meridian Ave, Anderson, Ind. i
I Dr. Miles'^ I;
Neif vine"
allays, nervous irritation,
stops spasms, restores di-
gestion and mental vigor.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co, Elkbart, Ind.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS. — RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, 60c to $1 60 day;
$5 to $S week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire crates In
every room; elevator runs all night.
OCEAN- TRAVEL.
TOYO IISEN KAISflT
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at X p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
BS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, June 28, 1903
ES. NIPPON MARU Thursday, July 284, 1003
BS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, August 18, 1003
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
"W. H.. AVERT. Oneral Agvnt.
j$amburg-/kmerican.
TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Columbia .....July 3|Columbla July*31
F. Bismarck ..July 2i|A. Victoria ...Aug. 14
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER. SERV1OK
- PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
Walderaee July llMoltke July 15
Pennsylvania ..July 8|» Palatla July 19
.. • Balls to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Paclflo
Coast, 401 California St., San Francisco.
I Coronation Ceremony and the Dignitaries of Church and State Who Will . fil
1 Officiate, King Edward as the First Gentleman of Europe, Where the King M
] and Queen Will Live, the King and Queen on the throne, and other pages H
1 cf interest, all brilliantly illustrated as only The Sunday Call can do it B
\ .m ' • '
.-:»."¦ ;¦»-'»¦¦'"¦; '¦¦>¦¦¦ -*-•¦_ '\'"' •'¦':.'¦'' -¦•¦v-V- ¦¦ *¦ • :•..-.-.'..- ¦ ¦¦¦ ;.
? . " ' -
A SAN FRANCISCO WOMAN WHO MAGIC PUZZLES, FASHIONS AND
LOOKS LIKE QUEEN ALEXAN' BOOKS, AND PAGES OF HUMAN
DFA. WHO IS SHE? INTEREST STORIES.
THE SOLDIERS OF FORTUNE OF PAT AND HEINY IN NEW ADVEN*
SAN FRANCISCO. ! % TURES.
HOW TO SAVE THE , DROWNING. SUMMER HAUNTS FOR CAMPERS
16 PAGES....MAGAZINE SECTION.... 16 PAGES
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is true
' "1 That only straight
,^^J Whiskies are pure,
for the reason that
jpSjj the only object
2O[ blenders (mixers)
gSjy have is to cheapen,
J^Ss. fXY TV
yoiocRoW \j IlU YV
r9^\ "RVT7
feygl XVI EA
: «te.^ , a *'™^< Hand
kH.B.Kirk&Coi Made Sour Mash.
P '"""""'."" m Compare it side by
fe — —^ side with anv other.
GOLD MEDAL PARIS 100O.
H.B. KIKK & CO., N.Y.
CATTON. BELL & CO.,
6OLE DISTRIBUTORS.
¦V /: : y>: Ban Francisco,; Cal. . ¦ .DENVER, June. 20.— Charles Frederick
Haviland of France, a noted maker of
fine chinaware, died In the Qakes Home
for Consumptives here at 10:30 o'clock to
night. His four daughters and his sis
ter arrived from Paris three days ago and
were at the fcedside. Haviland came to
Colorado two years ago, fearing tubercu
losis. While climbing the mountains In
Platte Canyon he had a fall which . re
sulted in an attack of heart disease and
ultimately caused his death.
Death Calls Noted Manufacturer.
LOS ANGELES, June 20.— The body of
Charles Hill was exhumed to-d»y by or
der of the Public Administrator in the
hope of discovering some distinguishing,
mark which would aid in the search for
an heir or heirs to the old man's estate
of 5142,000. Except for the statement that
Hill evidently had false teeth the results
oi tbe examination were not divulged.
OROVILLE, June 20. — The Diamond Match
Company has two parties of surveyors running
lines for a railroad from near the town of
Rlgas to what is known as the .West Branch
of the Feather River.
Charles Hill's Body Exhumed.
LOS ANGELES, June 20.— The Johnson-
Griffin fight to-night was declared a draw
after twenty rounds of slow fighting.
Griffin was the aggressor after the fifth
round, but both men were extremely cau
tious, and as a consequence most of the
time was spent in easy sparring and
clinching. There was not a dozen clean
blows delivered in the 1 twenty rounds.
Johnson-Griffin Fight a Draw.
Murdered by Portland Thugs.
PORTLAND, Or., June 20.— Louis Bar
£us, a laborer in the employ of the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company,
was murdered last night and his body
dragged behind the * Willamette Iron
Works, where It was found this morn
ing. The police believe that he met his
death by sandbagging, though there are
no bruises on the body. The motive of
the murder was robbery.
SEATTLE, June 20.— After five hours'
deliberation the jury in the conspiracy
case against Dr. James G. Stewart and
O. V. Lawson last night returned a ver
dict of guilty as charged. Stewart,
through J. Fred Braid, offered to sell
Lawson a copy of the answers to the
State medical examination last January.
Lawson gave $1000 for the answers, but
they proved to be the wrong ones and the
conspiracy was discovered.
Stewart and Lawson Convicted.
OMAHA, Neb., June 20.— Erastus Young,
general auditor of the Union Pacific and
affiliated lines, with headquarters in this
city, has been appointed general auditor
of the Chicago and Altonroad. This puts
all of the Harriman lines, comprising
about 15,000 miles, under Young's supervis
ion. The purpose of putting the Alton's
auditing department under the care of
Young is said to be that of securing uni
formity in the matter of keeping accounts.
Charles H. Davis, who has been auditor
of the Alton for several years, retains
that position, but will in future report to
Young.
Auditor Young Is Advanced.
CHILD FATALLY BURNED,
MOTHER BECOMES INSANE
Son of Millionaire Lane Vainly
Effects a Rescue From a Blazing
Nome Building.
SEATTLE. June 20.— The wife of F. A.
Kean, a barber of Seattle, who went with
his family to Nome, is insane from long
illness, and his 12-year-old daughter is
dead from burns and shock received while
their house was burning. Louis Lane, a
son of Millionaire Lane, rushed into the
burning building and carried out tho
child, but she died several days later. The
body came down on the steamer Nome
City to-night.
a young Englishman, and who also con
fessed to the murder of Jacob Smith,
Daw's hired man, was hanged here to
day. The prisoner manifested the great
est coolness to the end. Gordon had ar
ranged to purchase Daw's farm, but when
the time came for completing the bargain
he lacked the money. He took possession
of the farm and held' it for some time, but
fearing detection fled to Dakota, where
he enlisted in the United States army. Aft
erward he deserted and, going to Halifax,
enlisted in the Second Canadian Mounted
Rifles for South Africa. He was arrested
Just as he was embarking.
BRANDON, OnL, June 20.— Walter Gor
don, who was convicted at the spring as
slzes here for the murder of Charles Daw',
Englishman Dies on a Gallows.
Millions Offered for the Mills.
REDDING, June 20.— It was stated in
Redding this evening upon good author
ity that the Scott & Van Arsdale Lum
ber Company, of Slskiyou County, one
of the largest on the coast, might within
the next week transfer its McCloud mills,
the McCloud and Upton Railroad, and
thousands of - acres of timber, its good
will and agencies, to a syndicate of'Wis
consin lumbermen, who offer something
more than $3,000,000. The prospective pur
chasers are now at McCloud. This is the
largest offer ever made for the great
lumber business, and it is believed at Mc-
Cloud that the offer had been accepted.
Californians at. Saengerfest.
PEORIA, 111., June 20.— Ten thousand
people were in attendance to-day at the
twentieth Northwestern Saengerfest.
Amdng to-day's arrivals was a large dele
gation from California. Three thousand
singers paraded this afternoon. To-night's
programme included numbers- by Poddie
Ross, Mme. Ragna Linne, Charles Sey
ferth and Carrie Stroebel.
Johann Most Is Sentenced.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Johann' Most,
who was convicted on a charge that he
printed an incendiary article in a news
paper conducted by. him, "was sentenced
to-day to serve one year In the peniten
tiary. The article was printed at the time
President McKInley was shot. The case
was carried to the Court of Appeals,
which confirmed the judgment of the
lower court. : " ¦'- '-.
Rebels Beat Castro's Forces.
LONDON, June.20.— From Willemstad.
Island of Curacoa, a correspondent for
the Daily Mall cables that the Venezuelan
insurgents continue to prevail against the
forces of President Castro and that bodies
of guerrillas entered La Guayra and killed
the leaders Carrieldo and Sarrln.
Vanderbilt Horse Unplaced.
PARIS, June 20.— W. K. Vanderbilfs
Ariege was not placed in the race for the
Prix Emssarts at the Maison Lafayette
meeting to-day. Merry Go-Round (Mac-
Glnn) was second in the race for the Prix
Rayon d'Or.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
RUGBY, N. D., June 20.— Fire early to-day
destroyed the business portion of the town.
Loss, $40,000.
LOS ANGELES. June 20.— The first car was
run to-day over Huntlngton's new electric line
to Alhambra and Ban Gabriel Mission.
VALLEY CITY, N. D., June 20.— William
Bennett at midnight shot and killed Jennie
Dailey after a quarrel/ and then committed sui
cide. They were partners in a restaurant..
. NEW HAVEN, Conn., June 20.— Thaddeus C.
Claypool, a student in the Yale Graduate
School, has accepted the presidency' of New
Mexico Baptist College at Alamogordo, N. M.
i SALIDA, Colo., June 20. — Forest flrea In the
vicinity ; of ; Mount Ouray, southwest of this
city, have: swept up one ¦' gulch . and down
another, burning miles and miles of valuable
timber.
SEATTLE. June 20. — An Eskimo named
Konnuck shot and killed a native doctor who
was treating him for consumption- on May 0/
near Nome, according: to advices brought down
to-day.- Konnuck was growing worse and held
the doctor responsible. The murderer died ' a
few weeks later. ¦
Licensed to Marry,
.', OAKLAND, June 20.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to John F. Smith,
aged 25, Milpitas, and Mary Jackson, aged
20, San Leandro; Charles T. Ford, 38, and
Eva G. Timmerman, 32, both of Oakland ;
Michael Nemanick, 26, Alameda, and Mary
Zuspaa, 18, Crockett. .. . .
SEATTLE, "June 20. — An infuriated deer
nearly put a quietus upon the trolley
aspirations of Dr. De Soto yesterday,
near Sultan Basin, whither the promoter
went several days ago in company with
a party of engineers to make the prelim',
inary survey for the proposed trolley line
from Lowell to Sultan. A large buck be
came angry at -the doctor's intrusion in
his domain and attacked him. De Soto
was hurled to the ground, and a desper
ate encounter ensued between htm and
the beast.
Dr. De Soto was armed with only a
large hunting-knife, which he used with
telling effect, finally killing the deer.
"When the fight was ended it was found
that De Soto had one rib broken, several
cuts on the head and innumerable
bruises.
a Maddened Monarch of the
Forest.
Roughly Handled in a Combat With
EUNTER SLAYS FURIOUS
DEER WITH A KNTFS
PETALUMA, June 20. — Charles Slocuni,
a rancher at Cotatl, sustained a heavy
electric shock this afternoon while haul
ing a hay derrick under the main line of
the California Central Gas and Electric
Company at Cotati. Slocum steadied the
derrick by holding the wire guys as the
derrick went under the electric line. The
¦wlr©-bound head of the derrick came into
contact with the electric line and the cur
rent passed down the derrick wire. Slo
cum was terribly burned and his death is
expected.
Burned by Electric Shock.
CAPTURE A SUPPOSED
ASSAILANT OF WOMEN
Los Angeles Police Believe They
Have Brutal Thug Wanted for
Many Crimes.
LOS ANGELES, June 20.— John alias
"Bull" White, a notorious character, was
arrested this morning on suspicion of be
ir.g the perpetrator of a series of fiendish
crimes. Within a few weeks three women
have been brutally attacked on the
streets at night by an unknown prowler.
Each victim was unmercifully beaten.
Roobery was not the motive, for nothing
was stolen, and the police have been baf
fled in their hunt for clews.
Mrs. Kate A. Dripps. a •widow, aged b0
years, residing ¦with her son at 18 South
avenue was the latest victim of tbe
mysterious assailant. Since Wednesday
evening- she has lain at her home serious
ly ill from her injuries and the nervous
shock. The woman's eyes are swollen
shut and her face is a mass of bruises.
HARMONY EXISTS IN ELKDOM
Oakland and San Francisco Lodges
Will Jointly Celebrate To-Night
The story of ill-feeling existing between
the members of Oakland Lodge and San
Francisco Lodge No. 3 is entirely myth
ical. Never in the history of Elkdom
have two herds browsed together in such
harmony, and to-night there will, be such
a display of good fellowship that even
those who got jammed ti&d squeezed a
little bit last Monday night will forget
their so-called kick . and "lock horns'*
with ' their brothers from across the bay
in a manner that will forever set at rest
all rumors of discontent.
Past Exalted Ruler Harry Melvln and
Frank Leavitt of Oakland Lodge visited
the local lodge last night and received a
welcome that put to shame even the far
famed "glad hand" usually extended vis
iting brothers. They completed arrange
ments for the love' feast to-night, and
were promised hearty support by the local
Elks.
A special boat has been chartered to
carry every Elk in this city and the friend
of every Elk to Oakland, where they will
be met by a special train and conveyed
to Broadway station. A brass band and
a special committee of Oakland Elks will
meet them at Broadway and escort them
to the carnival grounds. Transportation
and admission to the grounds will be pre
sented to every one affiliated with the
Elks of this city by the Oakland Lodge.
The special boat will leave this side of
tbe bay at 7:45 p. m.
The eagerness displayed last night by
the local Elks to join with their Oakland
brothers proved a great source of satis
faction to Melvln and Leavltt, and proves
conclusively that the rumors of ill-feel
ing toward the Oakland Lodge are entire
ly without foundation.
RETURNS TO EXPLAIN
ABOUT THE KIDNAPING
Utah Youth Injured and Almost
Starved by Men Who Wanted
a Ransom.
BRIGHAM, Utah, June' 20.— Nels Ander
son Jr., the youth who was kidnaped Sun
day night, returned to his home at 1:20
this morning In an almost fainting con
dition, having eaten nothing during that
time.' Young Anderson claims that when
on his way to the farm early Monday
morning he was. held up, just outside the
city limits by three masked men, who
commanded him to throw up his hands,
at the same time placing revolvers at his
face. Anderson says he was so excited
he failed to put up his hands, whereupon
one of the. men struck him on the head
with some blunt Instrument and he knew
no more until just before dusk last even
ing, when he found himself lying in a cave
up on the mountains east of Brigham.
Hearing voices outside he kept very quiet
and heard the men discussing the chances
of getting the $500& they had. demanded
In the note left at the Anderson home.
A short time, afterward the men left the
mouth of the cave and Anderson escaped.
• i ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ '•¦-*.
RATHER CURIOUS CRIME
OF A BJEJECTED WOOEH
John Shaw Is Accused of Stealing a
Purse From Woman Whose Life
He Had Threatened.
Mrs. Clara Smith of 844 Valencia street
secured a warrant from. Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of John Shaw, a
waiter, on a charge of grand larceny.
Mr3. Smith was married to Emmet Smith,
an employe of the United Railroads, about
two weeks ago. Prior to that time Shaw
had been pestering her with his atten
tions. Last April she swore out a war
rant for his arrest on a charge of threats
against life, but the warrant was not
aerved as the police were unable to find
Shaw.
Thursday morning Mrs. Smith left home
to visit her husband at the car housa
near Fifteenth avenue South. She say3
she noticed Shaw on the Valencia street
car, but he did not speak to her. When
she transferred at Third and Market
streets he also transferred and he wa3
still on the car when she left it at Fif
teenth avenue. She returned to her home
in the afternoon and as she left the car
Shaw, who apparently had been keeping
track of her, touched her on. the shoulder
and asked her. where she was going. She
told him she was going home and that
she was married. She says he then re
minded her of his former threat and be
fore she could prevent it he cut the straps
of her chatelaine and ran away with, it.
The chatelaine contained 134.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
RETAIL GROCERS' UNION .
WLNS IMPORTANT POINT
J. G. Florence et al., representing the
Retail Grocers' Protective Union, secured
a slight advantage over John E. A. Helms
et al.," representing the Retail Grocers'
Association, by a decision of the Supreme
Court, rendered yesterday, In a suit insti
tuted by the former to recover $4750 from
the latter as damages for the alleged ille
gal conversion of certain personal prop
erty.
It is stated that certain officers of the
unlcnr transferred their membership to
the association, and also certain property
belonging to the other organization. A
demurrer was interposed in the trial
court by the defendants and sustained by
the Judge. Florence appealed to th«>
higher tribunal, which orders the lower
court to overrule the demurrer and pro
ceed with the case. •
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June 20.—
Captain C. E. Tyler, formerly a wealthy
resident of St. Louis, is dead here. Be
fore the Civil War he had control of a
fleet of river steamers and was well
known to river passengers during those
days^ He was the inventor of the. roll-top
desk and realized a large fortune from
his patent. --
George D. Sutton.
PASADENA, June 20.— George D. Sut
ton of New York, who was connected with
the New York Press, died here to-day, as
the result of hemorrhage: He was 37
years old. Button came to Pasadena five
months ago i in the hope that his health
would be restored.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The following
Californians have arrived: San Fran
cisco:. W. Bradford, at the Herald
Square; C. T. Burch and wife, Z. Zeman
sky, at the Grand Union; R. J. Faxon
and wife, at the Union Square; J. B. Mc-
Namara,. Mrs. W. B. Peck, at the Man
hattan; S. Magner, J. Magner, W. Burn
ham.iJ. F. Doyle, at the Imperial; B. F.
Harvllle, at the St. Denis; Mrs. L. Mar
tin, Miss Martin, at the Earllngton; E.
Pearce, at the Sinclair; E. E. Potter, at
the Astor.
Los Angeles— J. C. Blosser, at the As
tor; J. F. Clapp, at the Gilsey; H.W.
Lewi?, at the Imperial.
STRUGGLES DESPERATELY
WITH HIS TWO CAPTOR3
Henry G-. Peabody Delivers Lecture.
The one hundred and forty-fifth illus
trated lecture of the California Camera
Club was given last evening at Metropoli
tan Temple. The lecture was delivered
by Henry G. Peabody and the subject was
entitled "Seashore of New England." The
lecture was well delivered and very In
teresting and the views were exception
ally good. During the intermission a bass
solo was rendered by L A-Larsen. -
Dr. Alban V. Elliott.
NEW- YORK, June. 20.— Dr.'-. Alban
Vaughan\.EllIott, who served as a 1 pay
master In the army from 1865 until 1880, is
dead at'Florence, Italy, from heart trou
ble.' He was a son of the late Dr. Samuel
Elliott, an eminent oculist, and was born
in this city sixty-five years ago.
Sir John Dailberg- Acton.
LONDON,' June* 20.— Sir John Emerlch
Edward Dalberg-Acton, first Baron Ac
ton, is dead, aged 8fi years.
Samuel Butler.
LONDON, June 20.— Samuel Butler, the
author and. composer, Is dead, aged 67
years. ¦ -.' ./.'•', -¦¦•¦. • " , . . ,
James Macauly.
LONDON. June 20.— James Macauly, M.
D., the author, is dead, aged 85 years.
C. H. Molina was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Policeman George Douglass
at the Adams building, at the corner of
Sutter and Kearny streets, on. suspicion
of being the man who has robbed several
rooms there. The Roy Watch Case Com
nany, which is located in the building,
has lost ?100 worth of gold watch cases
during the last week and a watch waa
bein" kept for the thief.
When Watchman Beaver attempted to
stop Molina the latter showed fight. Dr;
Langer, who has offices In the building,
went to the watchman's assistance and
Molina was subdued. During the strug
gle Beaver fired a revolver shot, which
attracted Policeman Douglaa3 to the
C< Not"hlng of value was found on the
prisoner. His name was placed on the
detinue book at the City Prison, as the
police expect to connect him with various
burglaries in hotels and rooming-houses.
ASPIRANTS FOE. DENTAL
* LICENSES ABE EXAMINED
The State Board of Dental Examiners
held operative and mechanical examina
tions at the clinic rooms of the Univer
sity of California yesterday. One hun
dred and nineteen aspirants worked from
early morning till after dark on patients.
The operative examination consisted la
the putting in of gold and amalgam fill
ings- the mechanical in the making ot
crowns and taking impressions. Ten
young ladies took the examinations.
The Board of was commend
ed for the thorough and. honest manner
in which the examinations were con
ducted. Each student was given a num
ber and was obliged to wear it. All worle
done by him was credited to that num
ber, so that there was no chance for any
one to make the charge of favoritism.
Goes to Jail for Six Months.
Thomas A. McQuay. alias William
Ross, a former soldier, who was convict
ed in Judge Lawlor's court, on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon for;shoot
ing R. H. Ferguson on the steamers Uina
tllla, was sentenced yesterday to six
months' Imprisonment in the County Jail.
Judge Lawlor in passing sentence took
cognizance of McQuay 1 s good record
while in the army. At the time of the
shooting McQuay was a non-union fire
man on the Umatilla and was attacked
by Ferguson and another union fireman.
COMPANY A GIVES HOP.— Company A.
First Regiment. League of tbe Cross Cadets,
gave a military hop last night at Golden Gato
Hall."
COLtTMBIA'S MINSTRELS.— Th« Columbia
Minstrels gave an excellent entertainment at
Odd Fellows'. Hall last night;
FEARS BEING DEFRAUDED. — Anna Good
man who, with Morris Schwartze, conducts
a lodging-house at 425 Golden Gate avenue,
filed a suit for dissolution of partnership yes
terday, alleglns that Schwartse baa conspire*
NEWPORT, R. I., June. 20.— Anthony S
Sherman, cashier of the Merchants' Bank it
this city, shot himself in the head last night
It is believed the wound is mortal. - -
Takes Carbolic Acid.
Merle , Palmer, a longshoreman, , resid
ing at 529 Mission street, took carbolic
acid shortly after 11 o'clock last night.
Palmer has been sick for the past two
months and has been unable to get to
work. He has had frequent quarrels with
his wife and has brooded over his sick
ness. He was -taken to the Harbor Hos
pital for treatment and has a : fighting
chance for recovery.
Leg Catches in Machinery.
Hector de Mond, aged fifteen years, re
siding at 3013 Twenty-sixth street, had his
right leg broken yesterday at the Gold
en Gate Woolen Mills. His leg caught
in a portion of the running gear. He was
removed to the City and County Hospital,
where the limb was set.
j_ . » i
BOY CHARGED WITH BURGLARY.—Hor
ace Curley, 16 years of age, was arrested last
night '. by Policeman Charles Blrdsall and
charged with burglary. Benjamin Axelrod, a
metal dealer at 1006 Golden Gate avenue, . in
formed the officer that his shop door had, been
forced open. .The officer Investigated, and in
searching the premises found the boy hiding
behind a scrap pile.
BAND TEAMSTER'S LEG BROKEN.— H.
H. i Walters, a sand teamster, residing at 0
Folsom street, was thrown from his cart at
Webster and Chestnut streets yesterday and
had his left leg broken.- The broken limb was
set at the Emergency. Hospital by Dr, Bos
kowitz, ¦
. If you wish to know all
about the coniing coronation
of England's King— the digni
taries of the church and stati
who will officiate at the crown
ing; jj where V the King and
Queen will live ; Edward VII
considered as the first gentle
man of Europe; interesting
anecdotes in the private life of
the King and Queen— do not
fail to get a copy of the great
Coronation Number of The
Call that will be published
next Sunday. ,:,.
The United Irish League is preparing to
keep coronation day "as a day of mourn
ing for Ireland." The District Council of
ClairA Morris, County Mayo, has resolved
to hoist a black flag over the council
chamber June 26 and 27 and has issued an
invitation to the other councils to join 'n
thus celebrating the "coronation of the
English King, to whose Government the
people of this county are so much indebt
ed for famines, coffin ships, coercion and
castle rule."
YACHTING WILL GIVE
WEARY MONARCH REST
Xing' Edward Plans to Go on a Cruise
After the Corona
tion.
LONDON, June 20.— The court will go
into mourning for three weeks for the
King of Saxony, but the order of mourn
ing will be suspended during the corona
tion festivities. At the end of the festivi
ties attending his coronation, which will
last from June 23 to July 4, Inclusive,
King Edward will go on a cruise on one
of the royal yachts to recuperate from
the fatigue of the ceremonies.
LONDON, June 20.— The British ship
ping combination which intends to com
pete with the Morgan syndicate for the
North Atlantic and Pacific freight and
passenger business is now practically con
summated. Many reports of the forma
tion of a new syndicate, more or less ac
curate, have appeared in the last week.
To-day the following, details were
learned: Sir Christopher Furness Is to be
the head of the new combination. It Is
to be capitalized at £20,000,000. The Cun
ard Company is included In the deal. The
British Government has agreed largely to
increase the present subsfrtles, while Can
ada 'promises at * least~£l,000,000 yearly.
Six large passenger boats, capable of
twenty-five knots an hour, are to be built,
also a dozen sixteen-knot freighters, at
an aggregate cost of £8,500,000. The entire
capital has been underwritten. One well
known capitalist, who offered to take up
a big block of the stock, was told that
the whole amount had been subscribed.
In the mlndsNif those who support the
scheme, the Atlantic aspect is not greater
than the Pacific. The main Idea is the
utilization of the Canadian Pacific rail
road as the chief link in the chain bring
ing Australia. 'India, .China and Japan
into nearer and more intimate touch with
England and providing an all-British
route shorter than any at present avail
able. . «
Capital "'of One Hundred
Million Dollars.
British Shippers Organize With a
COMBINE TO FIGHT
THE MORGAN SYNDICATE
DECLARES ADMIRALTY
SYSTEM IS DEFECTIVE
Bear Admiral Beresford . Protests
Against Methods in Vogue in
- the British Navy. » .
LONDON, June 20.— During the discus
sion of the navy estimates. in the, House
of Commons, to-day, Rear Admiral
Charles Beresford, Conservative, : scath
ingly criticized the deficiencies" of the
navy. He declared the. whole Admiralty
system was rotten and led to great ex
travagance, and that there was a general
want of efficiency in the navy, on which
depended the existence of the empire.
This was the judgment of all the commis
sion's of inquiry and had been proven a
fact. Every increase in the number of
ships and every improvement in them had
been the result of outside agitation. As
a result of such agitation the British
Mediterranean fleet was now a fourth
stronger than a year ago. It is remark
able Lord Beresford added, that both
army and navy officers were compelled to
threaten to resign in order to get things
righted. Great Britain had only 20,000
naval reserves Instead of the requisite
80,000, and the engine-room departments
were thousands of men short. As to arm
ament, both the United States and France
possessed superior guns. Blunders' would
continue until a separate board was ap
pointed at the Admiralty and was made
responsible for the efficiency of the fleet.
Treasury control was fatal to efficiency.
As an instance, the speaker pointed out
the case of Sir William Vernon Harcourt,
¦who,' when Chancellor of the Excheauer.
put his-pen through the ammunition sup
plies after the guns had been ordered.
In the afternoon the conference voted to
take a drive to-morrow morning through
the vineyards, as arranged by the local
committee.
The principal sermon of the morning
was by Dr. John Robbin of Georgia, who
preached on "The Golden Rule."
As an illustration of what mission work
had accomplished, the next number on the
programme came in very nicely, being- a
song by Mrs. Lee Mow, a Chinese lady
who has attended the mission in this city.
Following her was a chorus by students
of the Chinese missions. Dr. Kem, also
of the mission, sang a solo and responded
to an encore. The chorus again sang,
one selection being in English and another
in Chinese.
FRESNO, June 20.— The second day of
the State Epworth League convention
opened With a song service, followed by
an address by Dr. M. B. Chapman of Los
Angeles on the "Authorship, Chronology
and Authority of the Bible." This' was
followed by a discussion of "Missions,"
in which the principal talk was made by
Rev. J. A. Wooten of Oakland.
Accomplished by Mission
Work.
Object Lesson in What Is Being
CHINESE TAKE PART IN
EPWORTH CONVENTION
C W. Pauly is at present operating the
mine — or at least the cyanide plant — at a
profit of about $8000 or $10,000 a month,
find the -profits are to be equally divided
between the old and the new creditors
until all are paid. It will take eight or
ten months to pay the debts, and there
is to be no appeal on the part of any one
interested.
SAN DIEGO, June 20.— The Trumbo re
ceivership case went to a compromise to
day and the necessary orders 1*111 be
sipned to-morrow to carry the agreement
into effect. Nobody is to be accused of
misappropriating the funds of the mine
or any other funds, and every one is to
be paid in the course of time, except
Trumbo; his attorney, Samuel M. ¦ Short
ridge; the First National Bank of San
Francisco, from which $10,000, was bor
rr wed by Colonel Trumbo, and the
tradesmen of San Francisco who delivered
tcoods to Trumbo's house and charged
them to the mine. Colonel Trumbo must
settle personally with his attorney, the
bark and the tradesmen.
It is stipulated that Trumbo put $10,000
into the funds of the mine and that he
drew down $19,500 for the payment of
bills which he should have attended to
personally. The personal accounts which
he settled before he ceased to be receiver
are included within the amount stipu
lated, and the personal accounts ¦which
were not settled before are turned back,
to remain a personal account between the
tradesmen and Trumbo.
The trust funds which are now in the
hands of Receiver Pauly, about $30,000.
are to be divided, $20,000 going to the old
creditors, of whom James Spiers and F.
W. Blinn are the trustees, and $10,000 to
the new creditors, who became such dur
ing the administration of Trumbo as re
ceiver.
With Certain of the
Creditors.
Colonel Agrees to Settle Personally
TRUMBO RECEIVERSHIP
CASE IS COMPROMISED
Arrangements for the funeral have not
been completed, but it will probably take
place on Sunday from the First Congre
gational Church, of which the deceased
was a member.
one of the San Francisco districts in the
State Senate. For a number of years he
was associated with John M." Burnett in
the practice of law, but recently he
opened an office in the Parrott building.
His last active work was as attorney for
the Pacific Bank, which is at present In
liquidation.
A widow, two sons and two daughters
survive him. The daughters are Miss
Anna Sawyer, who lives at the family
residence, and Mrs. William Searby, who
is in the Hawaiian Islands. The sons are
Edward E. Sawyer and Dr. T. E. Sawyer,
both of San Francisco.
Early in the sixties he was elected Dis
trict Judge, and subsequently represented
Judge Sawyer was 76 years of age and
had been prominently identified with tha
interests of this State for more than fifty
years. He arrived in California in 1851.
coming by way of Panama, and opened a
law office in Mokelumne Hill. He re
mained there only a few months, when ha
returned to San Francisco.
Ex-Judge Ebenezer D. Sawyer died at
his residence, S55 Bush street, at 4:10
o'clock yesterday morning. About ten
days ago the Judge contracted a cold,
which developed Into pneumonia and
which caused his death.
City for Many Years, Succumbs
to Pneumonia.
Judge Sawyer, Who Practiced i» This
PIONEER" ATTORNEY DIES *
AFTER SHORT ILLNESS
Early yesterday morning twelve men,
mounted on horses, went out to join the
search, and to-day the number was
greatly increased. No trace of the boy
has been found. Great anxiety has been
caused by a report that Indians have
made away with the lad.
ALTURAS, June 20.5-Benjamin Ford,
about 14 years of. age, disappeared on
Wednesday afternoon and up to to-day
scores of men were, hunting for him.
With his older brother. Charles Ford,
he had been cutting wood on the plateau,
twelve miles north of Alturas. On
"Wednesday afternoon he started out
after a bucket of water, the spring being
quite a distance from the cabin. As he
did not return, his brother started out
to look for him. He looked In vain until
late in the night, when he gave up the
search and came to Alturas for help.
and Besidents Suspect the
Indians.
Fourteen- Year-Old Lad Disappears
MODOC MEN SEARCHING
FOR A MISSING YOUTH
The missing .boy is Fred Gentenbein,
enly son of a widow who has supported
her family by doing housework in the
homes of various families here. The tramp
Is known as William Bischoff, alias Fish
er. He appeared here two weeks ago and
secured work from the boy's uncle. There
sprang up between the two a bond which
the mother could not break and when not
at home the boy would always be found
in the man's company. Yesterday both
disappeared. They were seen later at
Monrovia and again near Pomona, but
where they went from there no one
knows. A committee of citizens went to
Los Angeles to-day to place the matter
in the hands of the District Attorney, but
in *he absence of evidence that official
could do nothing. The assistance of the
Los Angeles police was secured and from
the Sheriff's office orders were sent to
every deputy in the county to arrest th«t
man and boy on sight. The boy's mother
is prostrated and it is feared she will lose
her reason.
AZUSA, June 20. — Citizens and peace of
ficers of this town, deputy Sheriffs in
other parts of the county and the police
department of Los Angeles are searching
for a roughtly-dressed tramp and a 14
year-old boy whom he induced to leave
his home. It is one of those inexplicable
cases of association between a bright boy
who had never been thirty miles from
home and a good-for-nothing vagrant who
has tramped all over the country. If the
tramp is found it may be impossible to
punish him legally, but if he is returned
to Azusa. it is almost certain that he will
be punished otherwise, for there are open
threats of treating him to copious doses
of tar and feathers.
Son Arouses the Temper of
Citizens.
Disappearance of an Azusa Widow's
BOY LEAVES HIS HOME .
WITH WORTHLESS TRAMP
This was the report of Sheriff Marsh
this evening In answer to inquiries rer
garding the result of the last sortie after
the escaped convicts. The Sheriff and the
entire posse which joined, in the search
yesterday, except three ' or four trusty
men left to keep a close watch in the
neighborhood for a fresh clew, returned
here to-night. The posse, including Guard
Casson and jthe bloodhounds, will rest
here until the outlaws again disclose their
whereabouts. They were last seen. at 10
o'clock yesterday at the house of Mrs.
Martin, one-half mile from the Targeson
ranch. A few minutes after leaving the
Martin place the outlaws met a peddler,
with whom they exchanged a few words.
The: peddler asked them if they were
hunting the convicts, to which one re
plied: - ¦' • •••'
"No; but you come as near as any one
to knowing where to find them."
At the Martin place Tracy remained at
the edge of the woods, while Merrill went
to the house. Here they took about fif
teen pounds of flour, part of a loaf of
bread, about a pound of butter and a
quart of strawberries, for which Merrill
paid the woman $1. Each man carried a
rine, while Tracy carried a bundle consist
ing of two coats. From this roll Mrs.
Martin noticed the handles , of three re
volvers protruding. Mrs. Martin says the
men were very polite to her and insisted
upon paying for the food procured.
VANCOUVER, Wash., June 20.— "It -Is
the same old story. The outlaws, Tracy
and Merrill, have disappeared. After dili
gent though fruitless search for the past
twenty-four hours we have again given
up the search — at least until we get an
other clew." . •"• • . ¦• ¦
The United States commission has re
turned here ¦ from j the island of Samar,
having completed 'the establishment of
civil government there. Acting Governor
Wright says he believes that in spite of
the opposition of Gueveras' party the
prospects for continued peace are good.
All the military detachments have re
turned to Cebu Island.
1 No trace has been found of the four
American school teachers of Cebu, island
of Cebu, who started on a day's outing
June 10 and who have not been heard of
since. Additional outing parties have
been sei... out to look for them, and the
search will be continued until definite In
formation is obtained. . ¦,;••¦ ¦•
. Manaimo, a former insurgent leader of
the island of Marinduque, has been sen
tenced to ten years' imprisonment and to
pay a fine of $2000 in gold for sedition in
taking the oath of allegiance and not giv
ing up hidden arms.
Jesus de Veirva, with 250 men, seventy
seven rifles and twenty-three revolvers,
surrendered in the island of Leyte to-day.
Rivera, with ten guns and ammunition, is
expected -to surrender to-morrow. Capili
has promised to surrender in South Leyte.
. Malvar, the I former insurgent general,
continuing to-day his evidence- betore the
board which is investigating the charge
of cruelty brought by Major Cornelius
Gardener, Governor of Tayabas province,
island of Luzon, against American offi
cers and soldiers, implicated all the na
tive civil officials of Tayabas in assisting
and continuing the insurrection. The gen
eral said his commissioner visited the
Federal party in Manila, who did not ad
vise Malvar. to surrender. Malvar refused
to give the names of. the principals who
assisted him on account of the fact that
they were liable to be cited before the
be dition court. The board sustained '. the
witness* i Malvar further remarked that
"bilar blen" was the term applied to those
who gave help to the revolutionists, while
the Americans believed them to be, "good
Americanists."
: MANILA, June 20.— Pedro Feleize, the
leader of the ladrones who captured and
subsequently cut to pieces a 'sergeant,
two .corporals and four privates of the
Fifth Cavalry a-t Blnangonan, Rizal prov
ince, May 30, has been captured. He is
still suffering from a wound inflicted by
the soldiers. Feleize is also Implicated in
the capture of the Presidente of Gainta
and the majority of the police force of
that place March 2. Other ladrones were
also captured to-day. '•¦- ; -
Daylight burglars visited the home of
Mrs. C. J. Klnney of East Oakland yes
terday and stole $275 in greenbacks, $400
in cash and a bankbook snowing deposits
in banks of $5000.
,Tho till of the Postofflce restaurant was
robbed of $400 last night right under the
noses of the proprietors. .The place was
Crowded and when the till was left tem
porarily unguarded some one stole a
leather sack full of money, estimated to
have contained $100.
W. C. Harding, the man from Tonopah.
who was separated from most of his
money in a well-known saloon last night,
has suffered two big losses since ha left
Nevada a few days ago with the Elks'
fair for his destination. Harding sold a
restaurant in Tonopah and started right
off to Oakland to spend the proceeds. But
hi spent the most of it at Reno, where
a lot of gamblers mulcted him out of
$900 by means of faro. When he arrived
in Oakland last night he flashed $300 in
greenbacks everywhere he went and be
fore very long hi3 pockets had been
picked of that too. He said at first that
it was $900, but when he counted up to
day discovered that it was only $300 that
he lost. No trace of the thieves has been
found.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 20. !
If this plan be carried out it will starve
who may come here. It Is said the com
mittee has $250,000 pledged by the men
composing it to carry out its purpose.
A mass meeting o fthe striking dyers*
helpers was held in the town hall to-day,
at which seven policemen were in attend
ance.". It was conducted in a quiet and or
derly manner. The only speaker was
President McGrath of the Dyers' Helpers
Union, who expressed his deep regret at
the riotous demonstration on Wednesday
and • said that such actions could only
harm the cause of the workmen.
An organization has been completed,
composed of fifty wealthy men of \ this
city, to be known to the public as the
Paterson vigilance committee, but the
membership and proceedings are not to
be made public. Private detectives have
already, been engaged to shadow the lead
ing anarchists. The "reds" are to be in
duced to leave Paterson quietly, If pos
sible. If they do not go, the committee
is said to have .its own plan for action.
One of the methods to be employed is
said to be the keeping of a blacklist, and
no matter where in Paterson a man on it
obtains work, his employer will be no
tified to dismiss him.
PATERSON, N. J., June 20.— Mayor
Hinchcliffe seems to-night to ' be in com
plete.control of the situation here, backed
as he is by the entire peace-controlling
force of the city and county, and a goodly
portion of the State militia. The soldiers'
presence has had a deterrent effect upon
"reds" and they are not in evidence in
the city. ,
The troops will remain on duty all night
and will be -relieved by deputies in the
morning. No troops will do duty in the
daytime unless there should be serious
trouble. , .
Fruit and vegetables are attacked and
soon destroyed. None of the various
measures used to fight the hoppers have
had any appreciable effect in lessening
them. Grain is too far advanced to be
seriously damaged now.
MILTON,, June 20.— A vast army of
grasshoppers has taken full possession of
this place. Nearly every yard In the town
and vicinity looks as though fire had
swept over it. Windows and door screens
are covered with the "pests, and a con
tinual warfare has to be waged to keep
them out of the houses, for, once they
obtain lodgment, they destroy lace cur
tains, clothing and carpets.
"I was like paper in that man's hands,"
said Striker to-day, when describing his
experience. "He had the strength of a
lion and I the strength of- a cat. It's a
wonder he didn't kill me."
At Port Costa State policemen were
called in to help Striken They tied him
down with a bell rope and then sat on
him. Still the man struggled and by the
time Stockton was reached his wrists were
worn to the bone from the handcuffs.
The passengers, fearful of the result ol
the fight, hurriedly deserted the car and
Striker was left alone to conquer if he
could. He fought to keep the maniac
stretched between two seats, but he was
unequal to the battle against superhuman
strength. At last Striker succeeded in
putting handcuffs on the man's wrists and
holding him down in the seat. This was
accomplished only after the madman had
slashed his throat with a piece of glass.
The car was covered with spattered blood.
Striker tried to quiet the man, but just
after leaving Sixteenth street station he
butted his head through the window.
When Striker jumped on him he kicked
a hole through another window. In the
fierce struggle that ensued Richardson
kicked two seats out of their sockets.
On the way to the tram yesterday Rich
ardson was as docile as any sane person
on the street. He followed Striker
through the crowd at the mole and kept
up an apparently rational conversation.
But he suddenly betrayed what was com
ing on the train. He leaned over and
whispered to Striker that the Sheriff was
the brother of the man he had killed in
Tennessee.
Richardson was the man who walked
into the police station two days ago and
informed Officer Curtis that he was likely
to kill himself or somebody else. At
his examination for insanity Richardson
could remember little of his past, except
he insisted that he once killed a man in
Tennessee, i
Deputy Sheriff John Striker had an ex
citing struggle with a madman on the
train to Stockton last night. He was tak
ing August R. Richardson to the insane
asylum and on the way the man became
so violent that the passengers fled from
the car. leaving Striker to continue the
struggle alone. Not even the train hands
dared enter the car to help the strug
gling Sheriff.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 20.
Brown's body was not found until this
morning, when It was picked up by trav
elers. A short distance below were six
of the horses, together with the wagon.
The leaders could not be found. As the
grades in that country are quite steep,
it is supposed that the animals in their
mad flight down the mountain road
slipped and dashed over the precipice.
Brown left a young wife, whom he had
married but a few months ago. He was
a native of Forest City and 23 years of
age.
NEVADA, June 20.— Hiram Brown, one
of the^ best known teamsters in Sierra
and Nevada counties, met an awiul
death yesterday afternoon. He was
thrown from a heavily laden elgtit-horse
ore wagon and crushed under the mas
sive wheels. Brown left Forest City with
a load of sulphureta early yesterday
morning. When four miles out on the
road to Nevada City the lead chain hold
ing: the two front horses snapped in two,
the ends striking the animals' heels and
scaring them. The horses made a fran
tic effort to break away, but the brave
driver clung to the lines until he was
pulled from his seat with the reins
wrapped around his body. He fell di
rectly in front of the ponderous wheels,
which passed over his body.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Convicts Politely Insist Upon
Paying Farmer's Wife •¦ . ;.
for Food. ;
Horses Drag Him From Seat
and He Falls Before Mov
ing Vehicle.
Former Insurgents General
I Malvar Accuses Some
Natives.
Residents Are Kept Busy
Barring Them From
the Houses.
Battles Fiercely With Deputy
Sheriff, but Finally Is
Overcome.
Thieves Take Sack of Coin
From Unguarded Money
Register.
Vigilance Committee Pro
poses to Oust the
Anarchists.
Again Gives Up Search
for Fugitives Tracy,
and Merrill.
Leader of Murderous
Ladrones Taken by
Americans.
Presence of Soldiers Pre
vents Trouble in
Paterson.
August R. Richardson
Becomes Violent on
Train.
Insect Army Takes Pos
session of Streets .
and Yards.
Harding Begins, to Drop
Coin as Soon as He
Leaves Home.
Mountain Teamster the
Victim of an Awful
Accident.
MILITIA RIFLES
AWE THE "REDS"
TROOPS CAPTURE
BRUTAL FILIPINO
'HOPPERS INVADE
TOWN OF MILTON
MAN DF TONOPAH
TWICE A LOSER
SHERIFF MARSH
ADMITS FAILURE
PASSENGERS FLY
FROM A MADMAN
WAGON WHEELS
CRUSH OUT LIFE
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902.
BALTIMORE, Md., 'Juno 20. — Frank Jones
and John Johnson, negro murderers of, Israel
Radeleky. a Hebrew peddler, were hanged in
the Jail yard at EllicoU City, near this city.
4his morales. <,,. •.:-. ...-"•, ".'Jb&®&
MANILA, June 20.— The spread of chol
era is increasing. There ¦ were 35 cases
and 28 deaths from that disease here yes
terday. The totals to date are: Manila,
1490 cases and 1197 deaths; provinces, 6959
cases and 5098 deaths.
Cholera Is Spreading.
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 20.— William
Caldwell has surrendered to the police here,
saying he forged a check. on the Five
Cents Savings Bank of Lowell, Mass., for
$500 and one of the same amount on the
Industrial Savings Bank of that city. .The
alleged f orreries were committed a year
ego. Caldwell says he Is tired; of dodg
ing detectives.
"Wearies of Dodging Detectives.
PITTSBURG, June 20.— Annie .Reno,
aged 10 years, was fatally burned at Brad
dock to-day and four others who went t<^
her . assistance were severely burned.
Their names are: Jennie Ellis, Mrs. An
nie Baker, Mrs. Mary Malloy, Mrs. John
G. Richards. They will recover. The girl
was playing near a rubbish pile, which
was afire, when her dress caught flre and
she screamed for help. .
Flames Cause a Child's Death.
9
POSTUM CEREAL. '
COFFEE SENSE.
To Drink, or Not to Drink, the Ques-
tion.
A prominent St. Paul woman comments
on coffee as follows:
"While I was drinking coffee I was
troubled with sleeplessness and palpitation
of the heart. I began to feel suspicious
of coffee poison and having no desire to
drug myself, realizing how inconsistent
it was for me to continue the use of any-
thing that helped to break .me down, so
I <jult coffee and began using Postum
Coffee.
"Now I sleep well and consequently feel
rtfreshfed, and am much strengthened.
Palpitation of the heart has ceased and
altogether life seems worth living.
"Some of our family like a little coffee
jaixed in with the Postum; that, of
oourse. Is much healthier than the old
fashioned coffee alone.".
It is true that very strong coffee of the
best flavor has a little more fascinating
taste to some palates chan pure Postum.
On the other hand, there are thousands
of people that prefer the flavor of Postum
pure and simple. If coffee agrees per-
fectly, and people are not 111 in any way,
there eeems no good reason why coffee
Ehould be discontinued unless there Is
a fear of disease finally setting up from
the continued use of a drug. On the
other hand, if any member of a family
is ailing in stomach, bowels, kidneys,
eyes, or the nervous system, such a one
Ehould immediately quit ordinary coffee
and take Postum Food Coffee. A sure
result can be depended upon and a grad-
ual feeling of health and strength will
come from the change. Health, of course,
is worth almost everything on earth. *
Some people are go constituted that it
Is hard for them to give up a habit even
if cood health is the reward, but it Is
perfectly easy to • leave off coffee when
one can have a well boiled cup of Po»-
tum In its place.Movements of Steamers.
SATURDAY, JUNE 21.
Sun rises 4:47
Sun sets ....' 7:35
Moon rises 7:50 p. m.
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In. the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th»
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except -when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted f rcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
A -wonderful composite pic
ture showing the coronation as
it will really be! This has
been prepared at great expense
exclusively . for The Sunday
Call, and will appear in the
great Coronation Number —
out next Sunday.
The revenue cutter Hugh McCulloch returned
yesterday from a cruise..
The steamship Hyades arrived yesterday with
a cargo of sugar from Honolulu, Kaanapall and
A dispatch received yesterday from London
eays that the British bark Valkyrie, which
sank In the River Elbe last November, has been
raised. She has been beached at Gluckstadt,
where her cargo will be discharged.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The brig Galilee sailed" yesterday for Fan
ning Island with an assorted merchandise car
.go valued at $32} 540. The cargo Included the
following :
25 bbls flour, 3000 lbs sugar, 760 lbs ham and
bacon 800 lbs butter, 1730 lbs beans, 1570 lbs
bread' 350 lbs dried fruit. 1560 lbs rice, 1400 lbs
mlllEtuffs, 6 cs eggs. 7 cs candles, 200 cs canned
goods 103 pkgs groceries and provisions, 6 cs
and 1 bbl 'whisky, 2 cs vrtne, 7 cs liquors. 200
lbs tobacco, 112,800 feet lumber, 15,000 shin
gles, 1734 pcs structural : iron." 265 pkgs mill
work, 25 bbls lime. 1200 bbls cement, 37 pkgs
paints and oils, 35 bdls pipe and fittings 77,000
lbs slate, 7 pkgs windmill, 80 sks coal, 39 kegs
nails, 210 bdls iron, U02 pkgs hardware, 28 pkgs
ship chandlery, 13 colls rope, 0 pkgs steel tank
material, 5 boats, 7 ' pkgs stoves, 16 bbls crude
oil, 0 pkgs drugs, 30 pkgs dry goods, 3 reels
wire cable. 16 cs-soap.
Merchandise for Hilo.
The chip Falls of Clyde sailed yesterday for
Hllo with a general cargo valued at $31,428.
The cargo Included the following merchandise
and produce: 335 bbls flour, 4617 lbs corn,
24,192 lbs bran, 136 ctls wheat, 140 ctls barley,
8806 lbs middlings. 123,714 lbs rolled " barley,
r.r.s- lbs cheese. 252 bales hay. 447 lbs cheese, „
15C0.1bs lard, 2761 lbs and 4 cs bread, 964 lbs
ham, 600 lbs millstuff s, ttGO lbs dried fruit. 616
lbs butter, 100 crates potatoes, 29 crates onions, ]
133 cb canned goods, 0 cs honey* 48 cs and 5
bbls salmon, 69 pkgs groceries and, provisions, !
2448 gals . wine. 35 casks bottled beer, 8 pkgs
electrical supplies. 11 cs matches. 34 pkgs sew
ing machines,- 23 cs soap, 400 -bbls lime, -767
hags plaster. 43 bdls wallpaper, 20,944 feet lum-
The ! Panama hats sold In England are
made in Belgium. .
Water Front Notes.
The British bark Baroda, recently rescued
from a lingering death on the Oregon beach,
left Coos Bay yesterday for this port In tow
of the tug Defiance.
Baroda on Her "Way.
Eaxnuel Hertz, an electrician, was or
dered into custody by Judge Fritz yester
day because of his refusal to support his
*rtfe and two children. His bonds were
fixed at 5500. About a year ago Hertz was
arrested on a charge of failure to provide
end was released on $25 cash bail.'- He
then promised to support his family, but
stopped after doing so for a few weeks.
Mrs. Hertz, who lives on Hickory avenue,
had recently to undergo a surgical opera
tion, and since then the family has prac
tically been starving. Judge- Fritz asked
Hertz why he did not support his family,
and he replied he could not get work.
The Judge told him there was plenty of
nick and shovel work to be got, but Hertz
haughtily replied that he was above that
BOrt of thing.
Scout Arrives Safely.
-Tse yacht S^out, wnich lefOhere June 12 for
Inverness, arrived at her destination early yes
terday morning and Is now safely fast to a
stout mooring in Tomales Bay. The Scout ha«
rpent meet cf the time since leaving here In
Drakes Bay, whither on June 13 she was
driven for shelter. She Is owned and was
commanded and navigated by Pilot Commis
sioner Captain W. G. Leale, who also owns
commands and navigates the steamship Canv
line. The Scout will be the flagship for the
equadron of Tomales Bay pleasure craft flur
trg the summer. -
Han Jumps Overboard.
When the river steamer San Jose arrived
last night from Alvlso her officers reported
that "when opposite Baden one of the passen
gers Jumped overboard. Efforts to recover his
body proved futile. He was an old man and
carried a bundle, which he retained -when he
Jumped. He appeared to be slightly deranged.
Refuses to Do Hard "Work.
SAILED.
. ' ' • - - Friday, June 20. •
i Stmr Umatllla, • Cousins, Victoria * and Port
Townsend. ¦ . •
Stmr Santa . Barbara, Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Scotia, Erickson, • Bowens Landing.
Stmr Gipsy, Swarison, Santa Cruz.
Stmr Ruth, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Edith, Hall, . Seattle. .,
: Stmr • Santa Monica, Olsen, : San Pedro:
Stmr : Santa Cruz.'Nlcholoon, Port Harford.
.Stmr -Brooklyn; Hlggins, Point Arena.'
, •¦- . <_^ - . Friday, June 20.
Stmr Umatllla, ' Cousins/; Victoria and Puget
Sound Dorts; Goodall, Perkins & Co. -
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander,. San Diego;
Goodall, Perkins & Co. . •¦••¦.-- ,
Ger stmr Hathor, - Peterson, Hamburg, ate;
J D Soreckels & Bros Co. .
Br stmr "WelllnKton, Salmond, L«dysmlth; R
Dunamulr's Sons Co. . . . . '
Br ship Falls of Clyda. Matson, Hllo; J D
Bpreckels & Bro« Co. ..." ,^ '-. ; \
.Schr Galilee, Treanor, Fanning Island; J
•Wlchtman Jr.
CLEARED.
Friday, June 20.
Stmr Prentlas, Ahlstrom, 37 hours from San
Pedro. ¦
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendocino. . ' ,_ • .
Btmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart. 78 hours from
Port Hadlock. ' ¦¦ '
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, 24 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Brooklyn, HlgEina. 37 hours from San
Pedro. ¦ •".-.'
Stmr Eureka, O'Brien, 4 days 16 hours from
Seattle. • • ' •• ." '¦¦¦
¦ Stmr Santa Monica, Olsen, 25 hours from
Eureka; bound south; put In to land passen-
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, 14 hours from Men
docino. . •' -,¦" ¦'. ¦
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 43 hours from
Stmr Hyade«, Garllch, 20 days from Hono
lulu, via Kaanapall IS days, via Kahului 9
days 20 hours. ¦ '¦' - ¦ . ¦.' ¦..
fitmr Aztec, Trask, 84 hours from Nanalmo.
Stml> Cooa Bay, ! Nopander, . 64 hours from
Newport and way x>orts. .'
Stmr, Whltesboro, Olsen, 14 hours from
Greenwood. - •'¦' ¦ ' ¦ .'
-*. Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridsett, 88 hours from
Rcdondo. . ' '
U S stmr Hancock, Wilson, 24*. days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 16 days <20 hours.
U S atmr Hugh McCulloch, . Coulson, from
Br ship • Monkbarns, Neeley, 149 . days from
S^verpool. - ¦•••¦.¦ . ' ' V ¦ . . . ¦ • ~
Bark Mauna Ala, Smith, 21 days from Hono
lulu
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 2% days from
"Ventura; up river direct; In tow tug Rescue.
• Bchr • Bender - Bros, Wetzel, 4% days from
Siuslaw River.- ' >- .' - . '
Schr H C Wright, Nielson; . 22 days from
Mahukona.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Captain Paulsen of the steamship Curacao,
In a communication to the Merchants' Ex
change, reports having spoken the crew of the
wrecked schooner Eliza Miller In the vessel's
boat on Tonina bar. The skipper Informed
Captain Paulsen that only part of the schoon
er's cargo of dynamite had been discharged
when she went ashore.
Had Dynamite on Board.
George Campbell, boatswain of the British
ship Kynance, was locked up at the Harbor
police station yesterday on a charge of petty
larceny. Campbell, , the cook and an appren
tice were caught on Thursday night by Peter
Olsen, the night watchman, in the act of pass
ing rope and other trifles over the ship's side to
a 6hore boat. The mate was called and the
three looters were locked In the brig until yes
terday morning, when Campbell was turned
over to the police.
Iiooters on Xynance.
- Wlllapa Bay, main Channel across the Bar
and up the Willapa River, page 69. ¦ ¦ North
east end of Sand Island Buoy No. 6, a red,
first-class nun, is reported June 14 -as having
gone adrift from its position. It will be re
placed as early as practicable. *
• By' order of the Lighthouse Board. ¦¦
W. P. DAY. Commander, U. S. N.,
Lighthouse Inspector.
WASHINGTON.
Seacoast of Oregon, page 39. Rogue River
R*ef Buoy, a black, first-class can, marked
"R_ R.," reported as having gone adrift Jan
uary 24, 1902, has been discontinued. (L. H.
B. Bulletin No. 128, nar. 60.)
OREGON.
Notice Is hereby given of the following
changes in the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1902.
Notice to Mariners.
Owing to delay In drydocklng the Oceanic
Steamship Company's Alameda she has been
withdrawn from the Honolulu run for one trip.
There will be no steamer to-day as advertised,
but the steamship Zealandia, which has beon
substituted for the Alameda, will sail for Hono
lulu at 2 o'clock on Monday afternoon and will
take the freight and passengers booked for the
Alameda.
Zealandia Beplaces Alameda,
Ger stmr Hathor, Petersen, Hamburg and
way ports.
Br stmr Wellington, . Salmond, Ladysmlth.
Ship Falls of Clyde. Matson, Hllo.
Ship Geo Curtis, Bennett, Honolulu.
Bark Martha Davis, McAlman, Hllo.
Bktn Retriever, Sloane, Port Hadlock.
Brig Galilee, Treanor, Fanning Islands.
Schr Czarina', Wallstedt, Unga.
Schr John D Tallant, Hoffland, Port Town
send.
Schr S Danlelson, Larsen, , ' .". .
. SPOKEN.
June 1. lat 14 S. Ion 34 W— Fr bark Mare
chal de Turenne, from Port ' Talbot, for San
Francisco.
• MEMORANDUM.
Per ¦tmr Hyades — Left in port at Kahului,
stmr Tampico and ship Emily Reed.
• . TELEGRAPHIC.
\ POINT LOBOS, June 20, 10 p m— Weather
thick; wind SW, velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS. . . j
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 20— Schr Sadie,
from San Pedro. ' '
EUREKA— Arrived June 20— Schr Bertha
Dolbeer, from San Dleso.
Sailed June 20 — Stmr Eureka, for, San Fran
cisco. ¦ ¦
CLEONE — ArjJyed June 20 — Stmr Noyo,
hence June 19. . '
BRISTOL BAY— Arrived prior to June 1—
Ship Standard, hence April 13.
TOMALES— Arrived June 20— Yacht Scout,
hence June 12. - ¦ . ;
PORT. LOS ANGELES— Sailed June 20—
Stmr Samoa, for San Francisco. •
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed June 20— Schr Rob
ert Searles. for Haiphong, i "•'.
SEATTLE— Arrived June 20— Stmr Rainier,
hence June. 15.
Sailed June 19 — Stmr City of Toneka, for
Ska:;way. . . .
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 20— Schr
Shas Hanson, from Bristol Bay.
Sailed June 20 — Schr Jennie Thelln, for San
Francisco.
"BANPON — Arrived June . 20— Schr Gem,
trom San Pedro, - . -.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived June 20— Br
itmr Wearslde, from Victoria; schr "W H Tal
bot, from New Whateom.
Arrived June 20 — Stmr Nome City, from
Nome.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 19— Schr W J
Patterson, from Grays Harbor. .
COOS BAY— Sailed June 20— Tug Defiance,
for- San Francisco, with Br ship Boroda In
tow. • •
Arrived June 20 — Stmr Arcata. hence June 1".
REDONDO — Arrived Juno 20— Stmr Alcaaar,
from Greenwood. ¦¦ : • .-
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived June 20— Schr
Otella Pedersen,- from Honolulu.
BALLARD— Sailed June 20— Schr W H Tal
bot, for Sydney; schr. Stlmson, for San Pedro.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived June, 16— Br
ship Crown of- Denmark; from London.
ALGOA BAY— Sailed June 16— Br . bark
Madagascar, for Oregon. ' ¦'.'¦¦ •
HAMBURG— Sailed June 16— Fr bark Can-,
robert, for San Francisco. June 18 — Br ship
Oweenee, for Port Los Angeles.
NEWCASTLE, Australia—Sailed Jun« 18—
Echr Honolulu, ¦ for Honolulu. •
PENARTH— Sailed June 19— Fr bark Anne
de Bretairne, for Honolulu. ,' . :
DURBAN— Arrived June 16— Br bark Cum
brian, jfrom Tacoma.. •
IQUIQUE— Sailea April 26— Br ship Manx
Klnsr,-for San Francisco. - • "
CAPE TOWN— Sailed June 20— Ship TVm H
Macy, for Port ;Townsend. ' •
• NANAIMO— Arrived June 20— Nor «tmr Ti
tanla, hence- June 15. • " , ¦ ' • • ¦
ACAPULCO— Sailed June 20— Ship Alexan
der Gibson, for San Francisco.. ,
.v. OCEAN STEAMERS.- : • .
QUEENSTOWN— Salled'June 20— Stmr New
England, for Boston. - ¦ *„' ¦'-'
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed June 20— Stmr Co
lumbia, for New York, via Cherbourg.
Time Ball. '
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. : S. N., Mer
.. chants' Exchange, San , Francisco, Cal.,-
June 20,. 1902. . ' ¦¦.¦¦. ¦¦ ¦¦-
The 'Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
1. 'e.. at noon of the • 120th meridian, or at 8
p. - m.. Greenwich time. ¦' • • *
• ,- j. t.; McMillan,
' Nautical - Expert. , in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and - Geodetic - Survey.— *
The steamer Umatllla sailed yesterday for
Victoria with a general cargo destined for the
principal British Columbian ports, and includ
ing the following:
27,980 lbs malt, 1576 lbs cheese, 20,047 lbs
dried fruit, 134 lbs coffee, 205 lbs bread, 1500
lbs sugar, 3600 lbs raisins. 61 cs canned goods,
49 cs honey, 350 lbs nuts, 35 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 8 cyla gas, 213 lbs ham, 1403 lbs
beans, 2293 pkgs -fresh fruits, 2CT pkgs fresh
vegetables, 642 bxs paste, 30 cs drugs, 125 lbs
spices, 78 pkgs hardware, 7 bdls wire, 9 pkgs
machinery, 301 gals wine, 3500 lbs raisins, 92
pkgs potatoes, 45 crates onions, 68 pkgs paints
and oils. 35 pkgs pitch, 4 cs tar. 76 pes steel,
27 pkgs arms and ammunition, 3181 gals whale
OIL (
Exports to British Columbia.
/ •.•/-¦.
SHIP THAT WAS AFIRE, HER
CAPTAIN, HIS WIFE AND
COOK. •--¦•'- .
Cargo by the Hathor.
The steamer Hathor sailed yesterday- for
Hamburg and way ports with an assorted cargo
valued at $25,187. manifested and destined as
follows: For Central America, $13,035; Ecua
dor $4718; Peru, $5305; Chile. $739; London.
$S15; Paris, $575. Among the principal exports
were the following:
To Central America — 1760 bbls flour, 1215 lbs
ham^and bacon, 6632 lbs soda, 19 pkgs groce
ries/and provisions, 25 cs coal oil. 5 crates po
tatoes, 23,808 lbs rice, 200 gals wine, 10 ctls
barley, 3 cs canned goods, 203 lbs dried fruit,
1078 lbs spices, 10 cb blasting powder, 12 cs
candles, 25 bbls lime, 12 bbls cement. 28 sks
coal. 113 sks coke, 28 pes bridge material, 5 cs
tar.
To Ecuador^— 1300 bbls flour, 875 gals wine,
134 gals whisky. 30 coils rope.
To Peru — 500 bbls flour, 1905 lbs tallow, 400
cs blasting powder, 10 cs blasting fuse, 1 cs
caps, 10.000 lbs malt, 42 cs canned goods. 1343
lbs codfish. - \
To Chile— 1000 lbs lard, 10 bdls brooms. 23
cs canned goods, 9 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 2 colls rope, 10 cs powder. I ,
To London — 30,185 feet lumber.
THAT the British ship Monkbarns, |
-which arrived yesterday, 149 days
from Wverpool, ever reached her
destination is due to the gallant
'fight against i fire made for four
clays and nights by Captain McNeeley and
his crew.
The Monkbarns left Liverpool January
22. All went well until February 21, when
at 4:30 a. m. smoke was discovered com
ing out of the ventilators leading to the
forehold. An investigation revealed the
fact that the cargo was on fire, that the
blaze was a hot one and that only prompt
action could save the Bhip from destruc
tion. Four holes were cut in the deck
B.n& water was pumped on the blazing
merchandise until the flames were sub
dued sufficiently to allow sailors to de
scend Into the hold, fix tackle to the
smoldering bales and hoist them to the
deck, from where they were promptly
thrown overboard. Nearly all the cargo
In the forward hold was jettisoned before
the fire was extinguished. Little harm
was done to the hull of the ship.
The cargo Jettisoned and in wnlcn tne~
fire started, by spontaneous .combustion
it is thought, consisted of oakum, felt
'"rhe fire was extinguished February 25,
and from then until port was reached the
voyage was uneventful. .
W Bucknor, the ship's cook, was' on
the Pyrenees when she' burned on Decem
ber 2 1900. The Pyrenees was saved by
being beached at Manga Riva. ...
Cfaptaln McNeeley is accompanied by
his wife. The Monkbarns brings a general
cargo. •"
ber, 6 bales twine, 15 pkgs fresh fruit 15 pkgs
dry goods, 10 pkgs acid, 10 cs caps and fuse. 7
cs boots and shoes, 3 mules, 2 horses and 2
cows. j
Therefore, it seems to me a« a worktngman
that the business Interests of this city, that
the Interests of the working classes of this
city, demand that the transport work or any
other work shall not be taken away from San
Francisco la the interests of Vallejo or any
other place. We should center all our forces
for tire protection of the business Interests of
this city and for the advancement and pros
perity of San Francisco and the working
classes. Respectfully yours,
THOMAS McCONNELU
It is a positive fact that large numbers of
first-class mechanics in San Francisco of every
trade will not work at the navy yard for the
reason that they can get better wages and bet
ter treatment in this city, clear'of spotters and
¦pies, where they can call their souls their
own, where they can stand for their rights
like men and where the only qualifications re
quired In seeking employment are faithful
service and mechanical ability. .
Owing to a system of grading. Mare Island
has become the dumping ground for inferior
mechanics of every class.
There is no provision for overtime.
He is deprived of every privilege It Is poe
¦jible to take away from him. Privileges cheer
fully granted -by the most exacting of private
firms are hierh crimes at Mare Island.
Wages paid at Mare. Island are lower than
those paid by private firms In this city.
May I ask If the business Interest In cur
Government work in this city Is to be thrown
conn for the benefit of the railroad and the
ealoon-keepers of Vallejo? It is said that the
•workingmen would benefit by having the work
done la "the navy yard. I fail to Bee where
the workincraen cf this city would benefit by
any such thine Let us take the system of
handling outside labor at present In vogue at
Jiare Island.
In the first Dlace labor unions have no voice
In the conduct of affairs In any department of
the Mare Island Navy Yard. The worklngman
has to leave his unionism in Vallejo, and the
moment he strikes the yard he has to work
against every principle of unionism, manhood,
honor and fair r>lay.
SYSTEM HERB- IS BETTER.
WORKED DAT AND NIGHT.
Sixth — That the mechanics and laborers of
all classes worked both day and night. Sun
days and holidays included, until they became
completely worn out. They gave faithful and
honest service to the Government.
Seventh — That I never saw men better treat
ed both by their employers and the Govern
ment officials on the dock, than were we. the
eimy of men engaged in discharging, loading,
repairing and getting away from San Fran
cisco as quickly as possible the transports en
gaged la carrying soldiers, horses, mules and
supplies to the Philippine islands.
Eighth — That It was my duty as president of
the Shipwrights' Association at the time this
¦work was going on to look out for the Inter
ests of ray orsanization and its members and
I now most positively state that every rule
of the Shipwrights' Association was strictly
complied with; that every favor and privilege
that was asked that was reasonable and right
¦was cheerfully granted, and it is a well-known
fact to the union men engaged on that work
that the efflcials oa the transport Cock were
always ready to meet them more than half
way.
Ninth — That the work cost a very large
amount of money there Is no doubt. Who got
this money? The lion's share of It was dis
tributed among the army of worktnismen en
pag-ed in the work; their wives and families
b-cnented thereby and almost every man, wo
man and child in San Francisco directly or in
directly got a share of that money.
This" is the work the Examiner is seeking to
firlvt out of San Francisco. Our business men
are attacked In a most shameful manner. The
<lry dock company is the latest local industry
to come under , the Examiner's lash. This
company is one of the best employers In the
6tate. It is now engaged and has been for the
past year in building drydocks and Improving
the clant for the better accommodation of
shipping to the extent of more than a million
dollars. It always employs union men. It pays
-the highest wages and trouble between It and
its employes has been unknown.
The following communication has been
received from Thomas McConnell. late
president of the Shipwrights' Association:
SAX FRANCISCO. June 1». 1302.
Editor Call-Dear Sir: Will you kindly allow
ne to present through the medium of your
raluable pajer the views of * ™*Wngman
is well as to state some facts with reference
:o the building and repairing of government
Ihlps at Mare island Navy Yard and by Pnvata
:ontractors in San Francisco. Also to ask
r hlch is to the best Interests of San Fran
:isco and the tvorkin&men of this city and
»hy ehould th« Examiner seek to hound out
sf this city the government -work in favor of
Vallejo or 'anywhere else. 1TT _ iri
CALLED PACK OF THIEVES.
It has been published In the Examiner and
scattered broadcast to the world that the busi
ness men of this city engaged in furnishlnj,
supplies and repairing the transports are a.
peck of thieves; that it cost ten times more
to repair transports than ordinary passenger
ships &nd that as a general rule bad work was
°Xo'w sir I desire to state that I -worked as a
shipwright oa almost every transport that was
fitted out in this city with the exception of
those (lone by the Union Iron Works and 1
new most positively state: Z''Ci%
First — That the repair work done by all
cltsMss of mechanics in all branches was gen
erally first class.
Second— That the same care and attention
was given to the work by employers and men
that is given to the work of the most particu
lar of private firms.
Third— That Mr. Humphries, who actually
superintended all the repair work. Is one of
the most exacting of men and insisted on hav
ing all work done in first class shape. He
gave the matter his personal attention day
and night. He was among the men at ail
hours. He is a thorough mechanic and laid
out a large amount of the work himself. He
•worked harder than any other man I ever saw
holding a similar position.
Fourth— That I never saw any unnecessary
•work done or men kept longer on the ships
than the time necessary to do the work. ,
Fifth — That most of the work was done un
der the most difficult and trying circumstances
¦while the ships were discharging and loading.
Men risked their iives at all times both day
and night :n trying to get the work done and
get the ships away with as little delay as pos
sible Mechanics were working all over the
clips with slings of freight swinging over their
heads with crowds of stevedores, wheelbar
r«ira shovels coal shovelers and numerous
other things in full action in their way and all
SLTOund them.
Thomas McConnell Defends
Local Work Done on
Transports.
bellow Press Scourged
for Seeking to Drive
Trade Away.
RESENTS ATTACK
OF EXAMINER
Limejuicer Reaches Port Safely, but Has Close Call
From Fire, Which Rages Four Days.
MONKBARNS' SAILORS CONQUER
FLAMES IN THE SHIP'S CARGO
SUTRO ESTATE
OWES LARGE SUM
Mrs.; Dr. : Merritt Says
She Has No Money to
Pay Legacies.
Has $20,000 to Meet Indebt
edness of Almost Half
v^ { a Million.
Dr. Emma Sutro Merritt, executrix of
the will of. the late Adolph Sutro, was
kept busy in Judge Coff ey's court yester
day answering .questions propounded by
Garret McEnerney relative to the'condi
tion of * the estate of the deceased philan
thropist., The Inquiry is duo to the ob
jections made by McEnerney to the
'granting of a decree of distribution of a
legacy of $3000 left by Sutro to J. M.
Kerr. '
McEnerney objected to the decree on
the ground that his four clients, ' Mrs.
Morbio, Mrs. English, Mrs.. Neusbaum
and Edgar Sutro, had not yet received a
special bequest of $5000 each left them by
their father. He claims that further dis
tribution should be stopped until they are
paid, and intimated that Mrs. Merritt
has been unjust In 'her treatment of his
clients, for the reason that since the
death of Sutro they have opposed her in
many ways. "Is not that so?" he asked
Mrs. Merritt at the conclusion of his
statement.
"Well," the witness replied, "I do not
think my brothers and sisters should be-,
paid at this time. I have only a little
more than $20,000 on hand to pay bequests
amounting to $62,868 75, with $13,302 44 In
terest thereon. I have thus far paid to
legatees $229,298 17, with $70,000 interest.
The estate Is indebted to the Hibernia
Bank in the sum of $408,500, there are
bills amounting to $2500 unpaid and also
a judgment against us for $7700."
The matter was put over on request of
McEnerney to enable him to consult with
his associate, C. S. Wheeler, who is out
of town. ;
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE" — The high and low waters occur at
the diy front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, SATURDAY^ JUNE 21, 1902.
10
3 Time Time
» Ft. — '¦ — :
» • L W H W
0~ 6:49-^3*lilO
!2 6:20—0.2 1:49
!3 6:55 0.0 2:26
H W L W
!4 0:25 4.7 7:29
25 1:04 4.4 8:04
26 1:55 4.2 8:44
17 3:00 4.0 9:30
Time
Ft.- :
L W
4.4 6:15
4.4 6U00
4.5 6:46
H W
0.2 2:59
0.5 3:33
0.9 4:06
1.3 4:40
Time
Ft. Ft.
H W -
2.9 11:15 5.1
2.9 11:50 4.9
8.0
4.6 7:37 3.1
4.7 8:36 3.2
4.9 9:43 2.9
6.010:53| 2.5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Olympic... San Pedro June 21
Mandalay.... Coqullle River June 21
Eureka Humboldt June 21
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 21
Albion River. Albion & Pt. Arena June 21
Aztec. .. Nanalmo June °1
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports June 21
Tamplco Kahulul June 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan.... Panama & "Way Ports.. June 22
Chehalls..... San Pedro June 23
State of Cal.. San Diego' & Way Ports. June 23
Sonoma Sydney & Way Porta.. June 23
Argo Eel River Ports Jyi June 2.1
Acme Sluslaw River ..June 23
Pomona Hujnbbldt June 24
Tltania Nanalmo f une 24
Corona... Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Queen .... Puget Sound Ports June 26
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 26
Point Arena... Point Arena , . June °ti
Rival........ Wlllapa Harbor June 20
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Nevadan N ew York June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports k . June 27
Rainier. Whatcom . . . : June 27
Coronaao..... Grays Harbor ...June 28
Coos Bay. . . . g an p e dro & Way Ports June 2S
China. .. ..... china & Japan June 28
North Fork.... Humboldt June 2*
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 29
Chas. Nelson. Seatt i e & Tacoma. ...... June 29
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. June 29
Pentaur. . . . . . Seattle June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 20
XJmatilla v ... Puget Sound Ports July 1
Abydos Hamburg v. West Coast July 2
Steamer.
Destination. I Sails.! Pier. I
Destination.
Lakme 1
Eureka.... i
Iaqua ]
Pt. Arena. . ]
Pomona.... ]
Gaelic... (
Arctic...... 1
North Fork ]
Phoenix
Santa Rosa i
Columbia.* .
Zealandia..
Eureka....
San Pedro.
Chehalis...
Coos Bay..
; Acme
Argo
AreaV*
Albion Rvr
Tamplco...
Jane 21.
Portland & Way Pts 9 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier —
Humboldt 1 pm Pier 28
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS .
- June 22.
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mendooino City 1 pm Pier 13
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier H
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 23.
Honolulu ....." 2 pm Pier 7
Humboldt .' 12 m Pier 13
Grays .Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
June 24.
Siuslaw River — pm Pier 2
Eel River Ports 4 pmiPier 2
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 mlPier 13
Pt. Arena & Albion. 6 pm Pier 13
Puget Sound Ports. ...... Pier —
June 25. -
Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 31
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
June 26.
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 27.
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
June 2S.
Wlllapa Harbor. "... 4 pm Pier 2
China & Japan... . 1 pm PMSS
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
June 2!>. •
Portland & Way Pts 6 pm Pier 16
June 3O. y*
Puget Sound" Ports. 11 am Pier 19
July 1. it
Valparaiso & Way. ,12 m Pier 10
Portland...
City Puebla
Mandalay. .
State Cal...
Corona. ....
G. Elder..;
Rival....;.
H. Maru.. .
San Juan...
Alliance....'
Queen
Arequlpa...
eame:
Al-Kl..... .'•'• Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Cit* Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 2S
Spokane.. ».. Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Senator. ' Nome v. July 1
Oregon... .... Nome & Teller "..' July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2
Boanoke..... Nome & St. Michael... July 3
3 Time Time
» Ft. — '¦ — :
» • L W H W
0~ 6:49-^3*lilO
!2 6:20—0.2 1:49
!3 6:55 0.0 2:26
H W L W
!4 0:25 4.7 7:29
25 1:04 4.4 8:04
26 1:55 4.2 8:44
17 3:00 4.0 9:30
Time
Ft.- :
L W
4.4 6:15
4.4 6U00
4.5 6:46
H W
0.2 2:59
0.5 3:33
0.9 4:06
1.3 4:40
Time
Ft. Ft.
H W -
2.9 11:15 5.1
2.9 11:50 4.9
8.0
4.6 7:37 3.1
4.7 8:36 3.2
4.9 9:43 2.9
6.010:53| 2.5
eame:
Al-Kl..... .'•'• Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Cit* Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 2S
Spokane.. ».. Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Senator. ' Nome v. July 1
Oregon... .... Nome & Teller "..' July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2
Boanoke..... Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Steamer.
Destination. I Sails.! Pier. I
Destination.
Lakme 1
Eureka.... i
Iaqua ]
Pt. Arena. . ]
Pomona.... ]
Gaelic... (
Arctic...... 1
North Fork ]
Phoenix
Santa Rosa i
Columbia.* .
Zealandia..
Eureka....
San Pedro.
Chehalis...
Coos Bay..
; Acme
Argo
AreaV*
Albion Rvr
Tamplco...
Jane 21.
Portland & Way Pts 9 am Pier 2
Seattle & Tacoma. . 5 pm Pier —
Humboldt 1 pm Pier 28
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS .
- June 22.
Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mendooino City 1 pm Pier 13
San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier H
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
June 23.
Honolulu ....." 2 pm Pier 7
Humboldt .' 12 m Pier 13
Grays .Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
June 24.
Siuslaw River — pm Pier 2
Eel River Ports 4 pmiPier 2
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 mlPier 13
Pt. Arena & Albion. 6 pm Pier 13
Puget Sound Ports. ...... Pier —
June 25. -
Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 31
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
June 26.
San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
June 27.
Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
June 2S.
Wlllapa Harbor. "... 4 pm Pier 2
China & Japan... . 1 pm PMSS
Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS
June 2!>. •
Portland & Way Pts 6 pm Pier 16
June 3O. y*
Puget Sound" Ports. 11 am Pier 19
July 1. it
Valparaiso & Way. ,12 m Pier 10
Portland...
City Puebla
Mandalay. .
State Cal...
Corona. ....
G. Elder..;
Rival....;.
H. Maru.. .
San Juan...
Alliance....'
Queen
Arequlpa...
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Olympic... San Pedro June 21
Mandalay.... Coqullle River June 21
Eureka Humboldt June 21
Tellus Oyster Harbor June 21
Albion River. Albion & Pt. Arena June 21
Aztec. .. Nanalmo June °1
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports June 21
Tamplco Kahulul June 22
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan.... Panama & "Way Ports.. June 22
Chehalls..... San Pedro June 23
State of Cal.. San Diego' & Way Ports. June 23
Sonoma Sydney & Way Porta.. June 23
Argo Eel River Ports Jyi June 2.1
Acme Sluslaw River ..June 23
Pomona Hujnbbldt June 24
Tltania Nanalmo f une 24
Corona... Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Queen .... Puget Sound Ports June 26
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 26
Point Arena... Point Arena , . June °ti
Rival........ Wlllapa Harbor June 20
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Nevadan N ew York June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports k . June 27
Rainier. Whatcom . . . : June 27
Coronaao..... Grays Harbor ...June 28
Coos Bay. . . . g an p e dro & Way Ports June 2S
China. .. ..... china & Japan June 28
North Fork.... Humboldt June 2*
G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 29
Chas. Nelson. Seatt i e & Tacoma. ...... June 29
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. June 29
Pentaur. . . . . . Seattle June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 20
XJmatilla v ... Puget Sound Ports July 1
Abydos Hamburg v. West Coast July 2
BAILWAT TBAVEL.
(Mala line. Toot of Market Street.)
yy, irToli Jpx» 1. 1902. ~ 1
-7:00a Benicia, Sulsun, Klmlra and Sacr^r
7 nfli VacavSeV wintertVKninieT... . .... l^&r
«* °lfeS"«^.^r IIS
¦ 00a Atlantic Kxpre»i-O|?deTi and Eaat. 8.25a
Red Bluff, Portland......; ;""•-•• 7 - 5Sy
8.30a San Jose, LlTermore '™?^m^!
8J0A OaWjcWnescSonor^Tuolumne 4 j|j
1881 Lo"lVeV e V-EipVeV.-Martlncz: 1MB *
8.00A 0^ -^ s LathroPiStoc)t ton.Merced.
RajTnond.Fresno and Los Angeles 8-25*
9 Ma ValleJ^Marttne* and Way Station* 7.65»
10'00i Hayward. Nile, and Way Station.. t12-B6J>
10 00a The Overland LlmUed - Ogden.
IUU Denver, Omaha. Chicago + ,?SXl
ti OQr Sacramento River Steamer«........tn.00>
Knights Landing. Marjsvllle.
S.S0P Hl>ward.Nne.'andWaj; Stations^ 7.55?
4 OOP Martlne2,SanKainon.ValleJo,Napa,
CaUstota. Santa Rom............ |J|*
4 00r Kile». Uvermore. Stockton, Lodl.. J2.25*
2 30p Hayward,>'lle8,SanJo»e,LiTermore t8.5a*
B.00, Po^a^^&Stoc^ ,§.111
t» H^Kiier.nd san-iosv.:::::: Jffi
«X^Ma S^:^^ 4 ; 25 ,
7.00r Ban Pablo. Port Co.ta, Martinet
and Way Station. 766»
Oregon * Cail7ornia*ExprV»V^Sac-
ramento. Marysvllle. Redding.
Poland, Pupet Sound and East. 8-55*
J9.10P Hayward and X lies tT1-55A
'
t7 8.1ii |r?^r Z cS^e n ;-San7o.e. tS °**
"• |O * Felton. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Station. 5 5u»
t2.1B? Ne-nrark. Centervllle, San Jose.
TZ.1 New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
. CreeK. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations l2?nt
4.15* Newark. San Jos*-. Lo. Gato. IflSf
•4.15P San Jose. Lo.Gatog. Santa Crn»... c8.5Qa.
~ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY-
FroS f AN 00^0" 2i$£?
'COAST LINE (Braid 6«n*e).
(Third and Townsgnd Streets.) m
""S-IOa San Jose and Way Stations A H5 A
tt.00A San Jose and Way Stations J5?8±
J7.00A New Almaden "iS'lSi
J7.15* Monterey Excursion »8.JU»
8 00a Coa»t Line Limited — San Jose,
Ollroy. Salln*», San Lul. Oblspo.
Ssnta Barbara, Los Angeles- and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.46*
8.00a Ban Jose, Tres Finos, Santa Crni,
p»dflc Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedl-
ate Stations $¦¥£*
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations..... ... 8.38*
1130a SanJose.LosGato.andWaySUttons t| 00a
ii.30F San Jose and Way Stations......... o7.00»
2.30r San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salluas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 'Sll*
I3 30p San Jose and Way SUtions 7.30»
t4-00P Drl Monte Kxpress— Only stops San
joiie TlZ-OiT
4 30> SanJose and PrlnclpalWay Stations 1.30»
t5 OOr Ban Jos«, Los Uatos and Principal
"Way8tatlons §-3P*
B.30P San Jose and PTindpalWar Stations 6.30»
I8.15P San Mateo. Belmont. Redwood.
Menlo Park, Palo Alto tjj.48*.
8.30P San Jose and Way Stations. 7.307
7.00P New Orleans Express— Saa Lula
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An- .
geles, Deming, El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 10-18*
•11.4SP San Jose and Way Stations im
' a for Morning. P far Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
• Saturday and /Tuesday and FiMs> j
Sunday only, f
CiLlfORNIA KORTHWBSTEBS H. CO
LESSSBS
SA» fRANClSCO AN3 HOSTA PAClFli
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, -Foot of Market St.
SAX FXIAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— T:30, 9:0O. ll:0O a. m.: 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip* at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00 and 8:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:05. 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco! May 4, 1902. |San Francises
Week I Sun- | Destin- J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. ( days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Igrnaclo 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
' t 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma\ 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20*
6:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyaervllle
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p| 6:20 p
"7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah \ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
| 7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllUts \ 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 a) Guerneville I 7:35p(10:20a
3:30 p| 5:00 pf |10:40a| 6:20 p
7:30 a! 8:00 a! Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Olen Ellen J 6:05 p| 6:20 p
~7:30al 8:00 al - Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers and Booneville; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville,
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport anil
Bartlett Springs*, at Ukiah for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's.
Bucknell's. San Hedrln Heights. Hullville, Orr's
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Bras-;.
Westport, Usal; at Willits for Sherwood, Canto,
Covelo, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harrts. Olsen' s. Dyer, Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all polnt3
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market St., Chronicle bulld-
lnr.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RTAN.
¦ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
fiOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry \ Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
9:30a. 8:00 a. ntmbk ,„,,. M 12:15 1-. 9:1oa.
11:30a *-"- w «ki).ji«i,.
1:30 p! "TIKI! OF THUPW v\ Z!.^.
......... 2:30 p. Ot«»«i]iii.;wioMt 8:15 r ~~
UTU8SAYS0IIL1— I^>TeTmi«ra<h30r. •irl^S*al'nartae.ll:»K '•
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS musl
fl bear signature of y^^^S^^
Tery srcaU and aa easy
- to take as sugar*
qff f7vZDTitfol F0R HEADACHL SEE
Stt CARTER5 FOR D1IZIMESS. .
SSSi-rrir FOR BIUOUSMESS. prMMIMp
OFNIIINE W vn? for torpid liver. GLNUlNh
Ubwuint I IYER F0R constipation.
IiminnrD H Pl ffl " FOR SAUOW SKIK. WRAPPER
WRAPPER im Iforthecomplexiom nArrcn
" — """ ~' 9^^ Via%^^^^^!^^^ >^ :
"-p^.Tm-ED ~h** RE33 PAPERS
Pears' soap is dried a
whole year. That's why it
lasts so. It wears as thin
as a wafer.
Sold alLover the world^«
' ADVEBTISEMgJTS«
A MIDSUMMER
NIGHT'S DREAM
That your linen was dona up with that
exquisite color and finish you find °ntt
when you buy it at the haberdasher s will
come true in real wideawake ecstacy
when we send you home your first bundle
of renovated shirts, collars and cuffs. Our
laundry work is the perfection of the art,
and colored shirts as well as linen are
laundered just like new.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office lOOt^Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
GOHORRHffiA AHD raiHAKY DISCHAB8M
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
i visit DR. JORDAN'S cheat d
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
h Ob 1551 MA22IT CT. tit. t'±k?X S.r.Cil 1
f * CjT " rile Larrnt Aratomicil Museum la the \
9 J*jflj-y- World. W«iknei»e» «r any contracted u
7 83© V * se « e F*" 1 * 1 '" 1^ e»r«* hjr the oldest T
Q fjgtjg I Specialist oa the Coast EiL j( yean. O
n*$vl DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
V^lslSn Conniltarioii free and strictly priTite. \
I xf^f H Treatment personally or by letter. A A
I flr an r*ritiv* Cur«i».e»ery caseundetuken. T
Biff II J« Wfite f<> r Book - r ¦iLOHOra y *r A
I I IT HARRIA6E, MAILED FKIB. ( A ¥
ft JL Taluable book for mm) \
DU. JORDAN A CO.. 1051 ATarkct St..?. F. 9
\^/^&^ < **V /-^^^ <fc
' >g».DEWEy.sngiwBaco^gs<
Cl -^PATEhJTS!, j
MARKET STSf'^SSy
fl& DR. TOM SHE BIN,
It _ If ' Chinese Tea and Herb Sanitarium.
Fl^ ftS Ca^ * n< * Read Testimonials ¦
\J& >™\ at Office.
615 KEARNY STREET,
gflgg^^j^ Bet. Sacramento and Commercial,
¦E'fetftSaftitgS San Francisco. Cal.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot. -
[ Lim'dl
Local Mon&] Local Ov*rl'd
Dally Thurs | Dally Dally
Lv San Fran 9:00 a 0:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:15 p
" Merced... 2:35 p 1:17 p 1:30 a
" Fresno... 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:15 a
"Hanford.. 5:58 p 3:27p S:05a
" Visalia... 5:38 p 5:00 a
" B'kersfd. 8:10 p 5:20 p ...... 7:35 a
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02 a
" Chicago..! I 2:15 p| .. 8:47 p
a for morning, -p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Daily Is Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
dally.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-,
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at' 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.-
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. '.
KORTH SHORE RAILROAD,
Via Sau.sjillto Ferry,
/Commencing April 27, 1902
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL AA^-^*
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, »7:45, 8:45, 9:30. 11-00
a. m.. 12:20. »1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. 41:1b
6:45, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. '7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley. •
SUNDAYS— 7:00, -8:00, *9:00, *10:00 11-00
11:30 a. m., 12:30. 1:30, 2:30. *3:45. 6:00 6 : 00
7:30, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. ¦ ¦ ... ¦¦¦¦ '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. '6:20. 7:40. 8:15. •9^3n"
11:00 a. m., 12:25, 2:15. •3:30, 4:40. 5:30. 6 : 45 #
10:15 t>. m. * :¦-¦¦•¦'. ¦„.=
SUNDAYS— 6:C0,» '8:00, 8:30, »11:00 a m
•12:00 m., 1:00, 2:15, M:30, 4:15, »5:43 "6-451
7:30. 10:15 p. m. ' %w *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7 :45. 8 :25 0-45
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 7 : io"
10:15 o. m. '
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55. 10:05, 11:10 a m
12;15. 1:20, 2:30.. 3 -.45, 5:00. 6:05. 7:15. 10:40
V ' m " THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 .a. m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. • •
3 3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . \
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
.8:00 a. m.. Sundays — Cazadero and way »ta-
tions.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and was
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run oxLOCAL MARKETS.
New York Grain and Produce.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. June 20.— The speculative
liquidation which broke prices yesterday wm
no longer in evidence to-day, but the market
clipped back into a rather apathetic condi
tion, the dealings dropping well below half a
million ehares acaln. Of this total a large
proportion was concentrated in a few leading
rtoclcs, notably United Ftat.es Steel, Missouri
Pacific Et. Paul and the Wabash stocks. Th«
evidence support for United States Steel
was an effective influence in steadying th«
market, aa yesterday's Bharp break in thai
etock had an unsettling sentimental effect on
the whole market. There was evidence of re
buying of stocks by the large interests which
liquidated yesterday and the day before. Thu
served to relieve a latent feeling that the re
cent bull campaign had been a preliminary to
a prolonged bear camoairn. To-day's strength
was restricted to a few points and was 'not
very well euBtaJned. the closing being dul!
aiid heavy. The Southwestern!! and Et. Pxui
absorbed a large share of the strenstb. St.
Louis Southwestern preferred tree nearly 3
points and in connection with & rllehtly
greater rise in Chicago srid Eastern Illinois
tare rise to a report that the latter roaJ iraa
EASTERN MARKETS.
Chicago &rain and Produce.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
KoIIister — Crop prospects unchanged.
King City — Pastures drying fast. Dairymen
now ue-.ng irrigated alfalfa. Strong, cool, north
wird.
Hanford — Fruit crops ripening rapidly. Fruit
cutting will soon begin.
Riverside — Nectarine and peach crop will be
good.
Colusa — Barley of excellent quality; good
yield. Wheat doing- nicely. Fruit conditions
favorable fcr good crop.
Willows — Harvesting in full blast.
Cloverdale — Pasture lands drying up. Fat
stock.
Llvcrnaore — Hay yield one and a half tons
to the acre; large acreage cut. ,_.
Santa Maria — Barley and oats above the
average. Morning fog beneficial to crops.
Napa — Peaches and prunes good crop.
Palermo — Hay crop baled and going to mar
ket.
San Jose — Fruit crop doing excellent. Grain
ripening very fast. 1
Merced — Some grain fires.
X«wmtn — Conditions unchanged.
A. G. McADIE, Section Director.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.
120th meridian time. San Francisco, June 2(
190U. :-•:
NEW YORK, June 20.— FLOUR— Receipts.
15,575 barrels; exports, 91G0 barrels; sales, 12,
500 packages. Fairly active again and firmer.
• WHEAT— Receipts, 30,625 bushels; exports,
32,087 bushels. Steady; No. 2 red,
80%c elevator and Sl@82c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 Northern Duluth, S2%c f. c. b afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 86 %c f. o. b. afloat.
' There was a strong opening in wheat due to
higher cables and more rain in the South
west. It advanced until noon, when world's
shipments brought a -setback. On strong late
cables a second advance occurred, the mar
ket closing firm at %c ret advance. July, 80®
80 9-16c, closed SO%c; September, 77%@78%c
closed 78%c: December, 7S;4@79%c, "closed
79%c. ¦. ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ j
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Dull.
WOOL — Steady; domestic fleece 25@29e
PETROLEUM— Steady
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, quiet; Cordova. S@ll%c. Fu
tures closed firm, with a net gain of 5@10
pointe. Total sales, 14,750 bags, including:
July, 4.80@4.85c; September, 4.05c; October,
5.05c; November, 5.10c; December, 5.15@5 2t)c:
March. 6.40@5.45c; May, 5.60c.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair refining, 3c
centrifugal. 00 test, 3%c. Molasses sugar
2%c , Refined, steady.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The demand for
evaporated apples continues moderate but of
ferings are llsht and full prices are 'realized
Ccmmon to good, 7@9%c; prime. 10c: choice
10%®10%e; fancy, lie. '
California fruits ruled quiet. Prunes are in
fair demand with prices from 3%@4% c
Apricots are in steady demand at from 10%
@I4c.
Peach«s are quiet, but still held at 12@10c
for peeled and 8%©10%c for unpeeled.
.CHICAGO, June 20.— From the outset wheat
was bullish. Liverpool made ' good • advances
and Paris, in adaition to yesterday's {strength
showed increases of l%c to l%c. Foreign mar
kets were extremely nervous over the pros
pect of short crops in consequence of wet wea
ther. Cargoes off the coast .were in great de
mand and prices were advancing for spot ce
reals and flour. At home rains fell continu
ously and more were predicted generally. Ad
vices trom Nebraska stated that the wheat
was ripe and waited cutting, but the ground
was in such a soaked condition that f arnn-rs
could not attempt the work. Further than
this ffraln that had been cut In other States
was damp and would not grade contract
Shorts covered freely and business was more
active in wheat than for a long time. July
opened %@%c higher at 73^@74 C gradually
attained. 74Mi@i4%c- and on a little 'realizing
eased, but ended with a strong close %c up
at 74%o; . . _ . iF '
. Corn was strong and higher most of the ses
sion, but ruled comparatively quiet The bis
bulls were seemingly dormant, awaiting an
other bpoprtunity in which to carry out their
mar.ipulE.tivo Diana. . Trade was small Julv
closed firm, %c up, at 06%c. , '
Water -in the oats fields was a threatening
danger, to beurs in the oat pit and at once
started aome of the more dhfldent shorts to
covering. The market was strons and firm
%©%c up. at 39%c. • m>
Provisions showed marked and independent
strength all day.. The hog market started out
etroi»«r, but gradually eased off. A slight aip
followed -the steady close of the hop market
but the end of the session showed prices almon
a.t the top. Best figures of the year were made
to-day. July pork closed 12%c up lard 10c
and ribs 12%c higher. P> r 10 °
The leading ! futuree ranged as follows :
Exchange and Bullion\
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.... — ¦ 4 88% !
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89% !
New York Exchange, night..... — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce. — 52%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
. Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were firmer,
and Paris and Liverpool futures were higher.
Broomhall cabled from Liverpool that the
French markets were nervous on account of
the weather, as the barometer was falling and
the reserves were much reduced. The French
situation. 1b becoming somewhat of a factor,
and may prove even more so. | It seems that
France has had a cold, wet and backward
spring, and the prospects of the crop are
doubtful. There Is some talk at Chicago of a
possible French demand, and Paris has been
buying some on that market.
Continued rains are still retarding the har
vest In the Southwest. The Interior mills are
taking new wheat and there is now some buy
ing by the Gulf exporters. Bradstreet's gives
the exports of wheat and flour for the week at
3,000.000 bushels.
This market was higher on call, and ship
ping .grades were also a fraction higher.
Spot wheat — Shipping. ?1 11%@1 12%; mill
ing, $1 15@1 17% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9 :15 o'clock — December —
16,000 ctls, ?1 13%; 2000, ?1 13%; May— 2000
¥1 16; £000, $1 16%.
Second Session — December — 6000 -ctls, $1 14;
May— 2<X>0, $1 16%.
Regular Morning Session — December — 20,000
ctls, $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%; May
—6000, ?1 17.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
n 14%: 16,000, $1 14%; 2000, $1 14%; 44,000,
$1 14%: May— 2000, $1 17%; 18,000, $1 17%.
BARLEY — Continues firm, owing principally
to very light spot offerings, and new Feed has
advanced anothtr fraction. . ..-
New Feed,* »3-y,@-9«%c; old Feed, 97%c:
brewing, 9T%®9S%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked
for standard.
CALL BOARD SALES. ;
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — July, new — 2000
ctls, 85%c; 6000. fctic; 4000, 80%c; December —
12,000, fc3%c; 2000, S4c.
Afternoon Session — December — 12,000 ctls,
S4c; 2000. 84 lie; 1 10,000, 84%c.
OATS — The market continues steady, and
thera are even indications of a rise. The re
¦ cent weakness has wholly disappeared. Stocks
: of old have been reduced to almost nothing by
; the shipment of 1800 tons to the north, and the
i goods art now being hauled to the wharf. The
! turmerB are believers in a better market later
! on, and are holding on to their grain. In ad
i dltlon it is reported that an export demand for
the East and Texas is springing up. and this
: imparts additional strength to the market. In
quiries from Texas have already been received,
• and it, is said that consignments for the East
i are soon to be shipped Trcm Stockton and
I Jtfarysvllle. All this tends to make a firm
; market, and Oats that cnanged hands at
! ?1 17%@1 1S% some days ago are now held
I at §1 204*1 25.
; New Reds are quoted at $1 15@1 25; old
Oats are nominal as follows: Grays, $1 2">@
, 1 30; Whites, $1 30@l 35; Milling, $1 30@133
! Black, *1 15®1 25; Red, $1 20@l 25.
i CORN — The local market is slow and rather
i weak, but prices show no change.'
Large Yellow. $1 45@1 50; 'small round do,
$1 60&1 52%; White, $1 55@1 60.
RYE- S5@87%c per ctl;
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 B0 per ctl asked.
Flour and Millstuifs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 R0 : i
3 75,' usual terms;. Bakers' Extras. $3 40©3 50-
Oregon,- $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family ana
$;:(ri 1 3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers' $3®
3 50.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Ry e Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy $i@
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 tt>@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, ?3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@i); In
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl * Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The better grades of Hay, both new and old, !
seem to be' showing more firmness, and fine old
wheat,is ; now bringing ?12 50 and new wheat
$10 and e-^n* hiirhtr, an extra fine lot or two
fcavlns sojd - as 'high as $11 50, though this
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN
Receipts of Longworth Strawberries were
light and choice offerings sold promptly at
higher prices. Gooseberries were in limited
supply and firmer. Other Berries were offer
ing freely and were generally weaker. Prices
for Currants had a widar range, as some were
received in a leaky condition.
Only choice lots of Cherries brought the top
quotations. Most of the Jyose stock went to
the canners. * . ¦ ,
There was a steady inquiry -for early decidu
ous fruits for northern shipping, but supplies
were very large and the market was far from
being cleaned up. Receipts of Apples, Pears
and Plums in baskets from the river consisted
mostly of culls and met with slow sale.
Peaches and Apricots in baskets sold well, but
prices were lower as Teceipts were heavy.
Cantaloupes and Grapes are steadily declin
ing under increasing receipts. Watermelons
from Riverside County were offering at 25@40c
6a Six boxes of choice black Figs in 5-lb single
layer boxes were- received from Vlsalia, but
were not. sold. . -
Oranges and Lemons were In more llbera.
supply and the market was easier, although
prices were unchanged. Mexican Limes are in
light supply and firmly held at an advance.
STRAWBERRIES—$7@11 for Longwortha
and $3@5 for Malindas.
RASPBERRIES — $7@10 per chest; crates, 90c
LOGANBERRIES— $3@4 per chest; crates,
BLACKBERRIES— $5SS per chest; In crates,
4 GOOSEBERRIES— £5@40c per drawer.
CURRANTS— $3@5 per chest. . _„_„
PLUMS— Clyman, SoiiSOc per box and 503b;>c
per crate; baskets, 25@40c; Cherry Plums, 250
35c per drawer and 40@05c in larger packages.
APRICOTS— 35®65c per box and 50@75c per
crate; in baskets. 35@50c.
APPLES — Green. 25@40c per box and 25®
40c per basket; large boxes, 75c@$l; White
Astrachan. $1 25@1 50 per box.
PEARS— Madeline, 25@40c for small boxes;
baskets, 12%@25c; largs boxes, 50@75c.
PEACHES— 35@C0o per box and 40@50c per
CHERRIES — "White, 25<§50c per box; in bulk,
2(S3c; Black, 30@50c per box and 2@4c
in bulk: cartons from fc-an Jose. »5c: Royal
Anncs 40<gG5c per box and 4@6c in bulk.
yiys — Uiack. from Yuma. per box:
from Palm Springs, per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs, from Yuma. i5c@$l for
small boxes and crates; large crates, $2@2 25;
from Indio. $2@3 50 per crate.
GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from Indio,
$1 75®i per crate; from Yuma, $2 60 per crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranzes, ?2@4, ac
cordins to size and quality; Seedlings 50c®
V> °5- Mediterranean Sweets. $1 2S@3: St.
Michaels, *1«?3 50; Valenclas, $2 25@4; Tanger
ines. $1 EOiftl 75 in half-boxes: Lemons. $1 75
m-' Grape Fruit, $2@3 B0: Mexican Limes,
$5@5 50; Bananas, $1 50@2 per bunch for New
Orleans and ?1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$1 50@3 per dozen. • -"' 1 : ;
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There seems to be a disposition this year to
speculate in futures, which is to be regretted,
as the selling of dried fruits short Is a detri
ment to the trade, and Inflicts great loss on
the fruit growers, as the sellers often hava
to break the market when the crops come In to
; fill their contracts. Some priced have been
made by these short sellers, but except in
Apricots and Peaches they are a matter of
guesswork, as previously mentioned. Some of
these future prices are reported from the East,
as follows: Santa Clara prunes, f. o. b. the
coast, in bags: 40s-50s, 4%Ci 50s-60s, 4%c;
»iCa-70s, 3%c; 70s-S0s, 3%c; S0s-90s. 2%c, and
OCs-lOOs, 2%c for October shipment. A price
of 2%c, four-size bag basis, has been made
by one holder on Santa Claras.
New York mail advices give the following:
"One broker here quotes the following f. o. b.
prices for September shipment: Moorparks.,
10c; fancy royals. 7%c; strictly choice royals,
7c; choice, t$%c; standards, 6c; standard
prime, 5%c Peaches are quoted for same
shirment as follows: Extra fancy, 8%c; fancy,
1 7c; extra choice, 6c;. choice, 5%c; standard.
4%c; prime. 4%c. Muirs are quoted at 8M,c
for extra fancy; 7%c for fancy; 6V>c for extra
choice; 5%c for choice; 5c for standards. Open-
Ing prices en Bartlett pears have been fixed
as follows: Fancy. 10%c; extra choice 8%c*
standard, «%c; choice, 7Vic."
Evaporated Apples are scarce and higher,
and a car recently received from the East was
immediately closed out. The market for Ap
ples" is high and firm all over the country.
FRUITS— New Apricots, July delivery, 6@
G%c; old Apricots, 8%<g9c for Royals and 10
©l.'lc for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 12(g;i2J/,c; sun dried, e@7c;
Peaches, ti&(&S%c; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
5©0%c; unpitted, 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white; flss, 3%®4%o
for black and 5%@6c for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-403, 6V 4 @C%c; 40-508. 5®5%c; 50-60a. 4%@
4%c; 60-708, 4@4%c; 7O-80s. 3%@3%c; 80-SHis,
a<&;J%c; »O-10Os. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. Sc; 2-crown'
7%c; Loose Muscatels. 5%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers, $1 60 per box.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1, softshell, ll@ll%c;
No 2, 6@7c; No. 1 hardshell. 10®10%c; No. 2,
7c: Almonds. 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10o
for softshell and B@7c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecana, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
S3 50©5.
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for lisrbt amber: water white extracted. &Q
5%c; llsht amber extracted, 4®4%c; dark, 4c
BEESWAX— 27% @29c per lb.
Provisions.
v — — —
Chicago was firm and higher on the day.
Since June 1 the stock of Pork has decreased
2500 barrels, that of Lard has increased 7000
tierces and that of Ribs has increased 2,200,000
pounds.
The San Francisco market continue* dull and
unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%@13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%c for light,
15 %c for extra light and lC,<$17c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams, 14®14%c; Mesa Beef. $10 per bbl;
extra Mess, $10 50®ll; Family, $11 50#12;
prime Mess Pork, $15'$13 50; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 50@ll); Dry Salt Pork, 12%c; Pi*
Perk. $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beet.
13V»@l^c per pound. • 4 - . '
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half- barrels,
pure, 12%c; 10-lb tins, 13%c; 6-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 10%c; thre»
half-barrels, 10%o; one tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES ANJ5 SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides. 15©16%c; Culls. 14315c; Dry
Kip, HSlSc; Dry Calf. 16@13c; Culls and.
Brands. 15#16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c each; short wool, 40@60c each; medium,
66@75c; long Wool. S0c(&$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horsa
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium.
$1(^1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c.; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; large and smooth.
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%®9c per lb;
No. 2. 4%<g5cr; grease, 2%@3%c.^.
WOOL— Spring, Humboldt and Hendocino,
16@18c; Northern free, 14@16c; do, defective.
13<gl4c; Middle County free. 13@13c; do, de
fective 12® 13c; Southern. 12 months, 9i310c;
do. 7 months, 9<@llc; Foothill, U@13c; Neva
da, 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14® 15c per lb.
HOPS — 12@12%c for fair and 13-51*0 per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 19OTcrop beingr
drawn at 13@14c.
San Francisco Meat Market,
There are no changes to report. Beef and
Mutton continue easy, while Hogs are firm,
with light arrivals.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are a3 follows:
BEEF — 6@7%c for Steers and 5@6o per H»
for Cows. '
VEAL— Large, 7©8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%<gS%c; Ewes. 7@So
per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9©9%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Comra and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
, CALVES — 4®5%c per lb (gross weighty.
( SHEEP— Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3%@3%a
per lb (gross waight).
LAMBS-^-Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 73 per
head or 4®4%c per lb live waight; yearling3,
3V>tfr4c tier lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs a\d under. 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6#6%c; feeders, 6@6%c;
sows, 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent oft
and atags 40 per cent off from the above quota
tions. .
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bass. June and July. 8c: San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32335c; Tleeca
Twine, 7%&8c.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $S; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant, $3 50;
Continued on Page Thirteen.
NEW YORK, June 20.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, "shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
June 19, with the percentage of increase and
decrease as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities— Clearings. Inc.. Dec.
New York $1,150,607,183 < 29.8
Chicago 166,816, 6S5 14.1 ....
Boston 128,062,018
Philadelphia 109.104,198 .... 19.3
St. Louis 45.889,509 -7.9
Pittsburg 40;S26,309 .... 8.3
Baltimore 23,384,050 - 1.7
San Francisco ... 28,770,078 25.0 ....
Cincinnati 22,614,050 1.6 ....
Kansas City .... 16.148,788 4.9 ....
Cleveland 10.141,031 10.3 ....
Minneapolis 11,558,310 30.9 ....
New Orleans .... • ll,440,:«2 20.8
Detroit 9,968,505 .... 3.2
Louisville 10,659,515 12.1 ....
Indianapolis 10,799,015 32.4
Providence 15,646,800 2.3 ....
Omaha 6.80U.OD8 6.8 . ....
Milwaukee C.835.976 7.3
F^iffalo 5,4<JI,8»I4 7.6
St. Paul 5,440, 153 15.3 ....
St. Joseph 4,225,207 ...; 6.8
Denver .". 4,761,073 13.2
Richmond 8,414.518 .... 7.1
Savannah 2,861,737 4.2
Salt Lake City... 2.894,0fi5 34.5
Albany 3,539,215 T.4 ..;.
Los Angeles ...... 5,055.334 72.4
Memphis 2,520,535 11.2
Fort Worth ..... 2,805,321 33.3 ....
Seattle 4,015,826 43.1 .....
Washington 3,882,132 42.5 ....
Hartford .... 2.453,872 3.0 ....
Peoria 2.4CR.760 14.6 ....
Toledo 2,635.801 37.1 ....
Portland, Or. .... 2,852,4(52 32.0 ....
Rochester 2,505,329 22.0 ....
Atlanta 2,110,703 33.7 ....
Des Moines 2.099,801 30.6 ....
New Haven 1.684,241 20.1
Worcester 1,533,256 .... 4.1
Nashville 1,708,395 42.2 ....
Springfield, Mass.. l,8C2,9C0 . 39.0 ....
Norfolk 1,404,332 6.8 ....
Grand Rapids.... 1,508,825 17.9 ....
Scranton 1,358.743 3.0 ....
Portland. Me..... 1,451,378 11.5
Sioux" City l,49($.:;04 29.6
Augusta 605,101 9.3
Syracuse 1,208,024 .... 9.8
Dayton. O ¦ 1,418,050 27.8 ....
Tacoma 1,106.548 5.0 ....
Spokane .--1,654,226 53.7 ....
Topeka ...... 1.222,700 X 24.9 ....
Davenport 9.50,002 12.5 ....
Wilmington, Del.. 1,122,925 10.0 ....
Evansvllle S43.41D 2.3 ....
Birmingham 687,31.1 17.4 ....
Fall River 796,873 .... 3.1
Macon 675,000 21.0 ....
Little Rock 72:i,."?99 34.3 ....
Helena ' 509,921 .... 23.2
Kr.oxville' 795,351 38.9 ....
Lowell 483.343 23.3
Akron 792,500 38.6 ....
Wichita 490,271 2.9 '
Springfield. 111. .. 561,063 27.2 ....
Lt-Xington 436,216 .... ....
Now Bedford .... 483,200 4.7 ....
Chattanooga 498,404 10.0- ....
Youngstown 62.S.647 20.7 ....
KrJ.amazoo 605,002 15.5 ....
Fargo 4CC,Sr.3 20.4 ....
-Blnghamton 877,000 .... '....'
Rockford 411.3IU 25. S .....
Canton 508,000 32.0, ....
Jacksonville Fla,. 37O,(Hi(t .... 61
Springfield, O 466.355 46.5
Chester ...'. 32«,:W0 13.7
Quincy 318,475
Bloomington ..... 277,5:10 52.1 ...
Sioux Kalis ..... 226.2T1 17.1 '
Jacksonville, 111.. 180.223 24.3 ..[.
Fremont 156.517 T.0.0
'Houston 10,928,459 20.4 ...\
?Galveston 5,428,000 .^.. 3 8
•Columbus, O. ... 8,540,700 20.4
{Wheeling 831,017 20.6 .'. .
fWllkesbarr© .... 673,034 7.0
(Beaumont 423,874 ....
Decatur ......... 250,:?94
Utlca i 2.167,245
Totals, U. S.... $1,930,270. 697 .... 10 3
Outside N. Y.. 779,063,51* 8.3 ..-.
CANADA.
Montreal $20,637,707 11.3 ....
Toronto 15,342,301 22.0 ....
Winnipeg .... 3.016,333 61.1 ....
Halifax .....; ¦•¦ 1.5-13,649 .... 7.1
Vancouver. B. C. 1,109,015 15.2
Hamilton ........ U19.227 28 . 1 ....
St. John, N. B... 973,014 28.3
Victoria, B. C..\ 479,551 26.1
JQuebec \.. 1,534,368 2.0 ....
Ottawa 2,035,841 '_-'¦ ....
Totals, Canada. $45,551,250 10.3 7~
•Not included in totals because containing
other items than clearings.
JNot Included in totals because of no com
parison for last year.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 20.— Owing tb a gain of.
£2 at London, where tho market closed with
WASHINGTON. June 20. — To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $202,195,146; gold, $99,712,
791.
Condition of the Treasury.
Dealers are now storing Eggs again, and
the market is very weak at the decline, with
excessive stocks. Receipts, however, are again
decreasing, those yesterday being the lightest
for a week or more. Buyers are having things
pretty much their own way at present, and the
commission merchants are scouring the field
for purchasers. But if many Eggs are put into
store and the receipts continue to decrease,
the market may work around into better shape
again in tfte course of a few days.
Butter also continues weak, with more sell
era than buyers. Prices are again a fraction
lower.- Stocks are large. There is no further
Ch Refeipts C were e '43,30O pounds 48 cubes and
7 kegs of Butter. lbs Eastern Butter. 110S
"cases of Eggs,*^ — cases of Eastern Eggs, 9200
pounds of California. Cheese and pounds
of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20@21c per pound for
fancy, 19 %c for firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy, 17@19%c; store Butter., 14@16c per
New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
America, 10@10%c; Eastern 13<gl5c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 18%(?19c for fancy l.@lSc
for good and 16%c for fair; store, lo@16%c per
dozen; Eastern Eggs, nominal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
*— : . ..' '. — :'.. '•'.,¦¦.. *
NEW YORK, June 20.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
Weekly Review of Trade to-morrow will say:
Trade at. the East is more quiet, owing to
the advancing season- and the bad effect of
prolonged labor controversies is being felt in
certain lines, i Reports from- the interior and
the Far West .are more.' encouraging, bounti
ful harvests being - expected, while the light
stocks carried over from * the previous season
assure profitable prices. - ' . \
The best indication- of continued prosperity
Is the fact that quotations -do not recede, even
in the lines where at present there is only a
moderate degree of activity. Railway earnings
thus far reported for June increased 3.0 per
cent over 1900. : " •;' " v
Uncertainty, regarding their ability to secure
pigiron at reasonable prices is making produc
ers of steel ¦ cautious in ; accepting contracts
that call "for" delivery at even remote dates.
.Quiet conditions prevail. In footwear markets.
A stronger sliver market has revived purchases
for export ; to ;Chlna.'i Supplemental buying of
woolen?, Je-also limited,-" Shoe shops » in New
England /have, more 'orders, yet most of the
factories ; operate only - part of the time and
some are entirely idle. ¦
Leather is dull and foreign dry hides weaker.
Lack of rain in the Southwest is the only
seriously unfavorable crop indication of the
week, '.while- exceptionally encouraging reports
are received from most points. Domestic grain
makes good progress, but. bad news has been
received from abroad and the outlook Is fa%or
able for large exports. ' ¦>/
Failures for the week number 194 in the
United States against 193 last year and 10 in
Canada, against 14 a year ago.
NEW YORK. June 20. — Money on call was
steady, 2@3 per cent, closed Offered at 2 per
cent. Prime mercantile paper. 4%@5 per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and at $4 85%@4 85% for sixty days. Posted
rates. $4 SG@4 88. Commercial bills, ?4 84%
©4 S5%. Bar silver, 52%c. Mexican dollars,
42%c. Bonds — Governments, easy; States, In
active; railroads, irregular.
New York Money Market.
ieinperature at San Francisco. 7 am. CO
degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th« pressure eontinuis to Tall along tho
coast north of Cape Blanco. The usual summer
low overlies the valley of the Colorado and
suother. depression is approaching the north
<rn coast. Conditions are ' not favorable . £or
settled fair weather Saturday over the larger
portion of the Pacific Sloi>e. ' ' ...
Very irarm weather continues in the interior
«-;t_:i- -cold -«i»d. Jog. along th« coast. In ¦• the- 1
great . valley, except at Sacramento, the max
imum temperatures are about 100 degrees.
San Francisco is the coolest station within
the limits of observation.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours enfiiag midnlerht, June 21. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled wea
ther Saturday, possibly light showers; not quit-*
eo warm in the interior; light southerly winds,
brisk westerly winds en the coast, with fog
in the morning and at night.
Southern California — Cloudv, unsettled wea
ther; fresh southwest wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Saturday. • ¦
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unaet-
Etled weather Saturday; possibjy light sprin
kles in the morning; light southerly winds,
charging to brisk westerly, with fos in the
rnorr.ins and at r.irht.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
t Forecast Official.
One car of Eastern Poultry came in. mak
ing the fourth for the week. It was made up
chiefly of Hens, which were offering at $6 50
per dozen. In the local marfcet choice young
stock was firm at good prices, but such stock
was In limited supply. Second class stock wa3
plentiful and sold slowly.
. There were no changes in Game.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, U 5OJ24
for eld and $4@5 50 for young; Hens, $4@j o0;
young Roosters, $5 50@7; old Roosters^ $ 4 50
@5; Fryers, $3 60©4; Broilers, $3@4 for
large and $2@2 25 for small ; Pigeons, ?1 •»
per dozen for old and $1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
The settlements in stocks to-day reduced
business. The tone was dull. Consols sold at
96 9-16c.
Americans began weali end hardened on Con
tinental support and small local buying. The
close was firm on New York's purchase of 2000
shares of United States Steel and on the street
inquiry for Wabash stocks. Rio Tintos eold
at 44%.
NEW YORK, June 20. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 20, S p. zn.
Weather Report.
The Proflnce Exchange 5-esterday voted to
remain closed on July 3, 4 and 5, thus Riving
the members a four days' holiday. The ad
journment runa from Wednesday afternoon to
Monday morning.
The Midsummer. Grain Holiday.}
to be purchased by the former. The movement
in the Western roads was not accounted for by
the cror> news, which was rather unfavorable
as to grain. The coalers were rather neglected
and- moved in a narrow and Irregular way.
Reports by the banks of a gain in the interior
currency movement up to Thursday night of
over $3,000,000 cave rise to the hope of a
favorable bank statement to-morrow. More
attention was given to the sterling market,
wbich advanced an additional fraction,^- Lon
don selling stocks here freely. The Bank 01
England irained nearly $3,000,000 in gold yes
terday, which is a reassuring development for
the whole financial world, in view of the heavy
semi-annual requirements upon- that institu
tion. It is a notable fact that the Govern
ment's surplus revenue is still under $4,000,000
for this month, compared with nearly $11,000,
000 for the same period in June last year, and
reports from Washington Indicate that the
Treasury authorities hardly expect the year's
surplus to reach the estimated figure of $90,
000,000. With ten days remaining of the fiscal
yeartthe eurplus is still below $80,000,000. The
rains in the West, which are delaying the har
vesting of grain, promise also to postpone the
demand on New York for money to move the
crops.
There was an active demand for* some of the
Southwestern railroad bonds. The market gen
erally was lrresrular. Total sales, par value,
$3,935,000. United States 2s couiwn declined
% on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales. Hlsh. Low. Close.
Atchison 15,700 82% 82 82%
Atchison pfd 1,700 101 100% 100%
Bait & Ohio 1.43OO 106% 100% 100%
Bait &. Ohio pfd... 200 95% »5% 95
Canadian Pacific... 2,400 135 134% 134%
Canada Southern..: : 100 1»5 95 94
Ches & Ohio 200 4«% 46% 46%
Chicago & Alton... 200 3S% 38% 3S
Chgc & Alton Dfd. 100 75% 76% 75%
Chgo, Ind & Louis. 500 75 74% 74%
Chgo, Ind & L pfd. 86%
Chgo & East 111... 2,100 178 175 177%
Chgo & Great W.. ; 000 29% 28% 28%
Chgo & G W A pfd 89%
Chgo & G W B pfd 48
Chgo & North wstn. 300 254% 254% 254%
C, R I & P 600 172% 172 172V4
Chgo Term & Trn.. 3C0 21% 20% 21
Chgo T & T pfd.'.. 500 38 * 37% 37%
C, C, C & St Louis 100 104% 104% 104
Colo Southern...... ' 300 30% 30% 30%
Colo So 1st Dfd 100 . 71% 71% 71
Colo So 2d pfd.... 43%
Del & Hudson 200 174% 174% 174
Del. Lack & West 275
Denver & Rto Gr.. 100 42% 42% 42%
D«r& R G pfd.;,. 1,200 . U3%i 92% 03
Krie 2,900 3U% ' 3B% 36%
Erie latofd.. :.;..- 400 67 M 67% 67%
Erie 2d pfd 100 53 53 53
Great Northern pfd 400 1SS% 188% 188%
_HocHtns Valley .^» i. 300 _ 85 Ji £5% 85
Hocking Val pfd.. 100, 91% 91% 91%
Illinois Central 5,300 158% 155% 157%
Iowa Central 600 -49% 48% 49
Iowa . Central pfd. . ...... 80%
K C Southern 800 34% 33% 34%
K C Southern pfd. CO
Lake Erie & West. ...i. 64
Lake Erie & W pfd 127
Louisville & Nash. 1.900 130% 136 135%
Manhattan Elev... 2.900 131% 130% 131
Metropolitan St Ry 1.3O0 150% 150% 150%
Mexican Central... 600 28% 28 28
Mexic&n National.. 183%
Minn A St Louis.. 200 114 114 113%
Missouri Pacific... 43.200 108% 107% 107%
Mo, Kans & Texas. 3,700 27% 26% 2«%
Mo. Kans & T pfd. 2.400 50% 58% 58%
New Jersey Central 185
New York Cent.... 500 156% 156% 156%
Norfolk & Western 2.700 57% 56% 57
Norfolk &W Dfd 81
Ontario & Western 32%
Pennsylvania 5,600 152 151% 151%
Reading 25,000 06% 65% 0«
Reading 1st pfd... 100 84% 84% 84
Reading 2d pfd 8,400 69% C9% 69%
St Louts & S F 600 69% 09^. 09%
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 83 83 " 82
St L & S F 2d pfd 100 72% 72% 72%
St Louis Southwstn 2,000 30% 29% 29%
St Louis Swstn pfd 10,400 66% 65% «5%
St Paul :... 47,200 174% 172% 174
St Paul pfd 1,900 190 1S9 189%
Southern Pacific". . 3,000 64% 64% 64%
Southern Railway.. 2,700 36% 30% 30 Vi
So Railway pfd 700 97% 95% 95%
Texas & Pacific... 1,800 42% 42% 42%
Tol. St L & West.. 100 21 21 20%
Tol. St L & W pfd. 100 37 37 37
Union Pacific 21.000 105% 105 1C5%
Union Pacific pfd.. 500-89% 89% 89V4
Wabash 25,400 . 29% 28% 29%
Wabash pfd 7,300 45% 45 45%
Wheel & L E 300 22% 22% 22
W & L E 2d pfd .;... S5%
Wisconsin Central. 700 27% 27% 27%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 100 50 50 49%
Exprets companies-
Adams 197
American 225
ITnited States 114%
Wells Fargo 195
Miscellaneous—
Amal Copper : 5.5O0 67% 66% 06%
Am Car & Foun... 1.500 82% 32% S2%
Am C & Foun pfd 300 91 91 90%
Am Linseed Oil 24%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 50%
Amer Loco 600 33 32% 32%
Amer Loco pfd 100 63% 93% 93%
Am Smelt & Refg. 100 47% 47% 47%
Am S & R pfd 99%
Anaconda MJn Co.. 1,600 112% 110 112%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 600 67 C6% PtT%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 11,800 B5% »2% 03
Consolidated Gas. .. 1,200 220% 229 220%
Continental Tob pfd 121 %
General Electric... 800 306 305 SOS
Hocking Coal ..'¦ 16%
International Paper 100 20% 20% 20%
Internat Paper pfd 72%
Internation Power 75
Laclede Gas SO
Nat Biscuit 800 43% 48% 48%
National Lead 1,000 22% 21 Vi 21%
North American... 400 125 120 123
Pacific Coast ft8
Pacific Mail 300 42 41% 41
People's Gas »00 102% 102% 102
Pressed Steel Car.. 300 4fi% . 40% '40
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 83 SC' 85
Pullman Pal Car i; . r ;i .: 234
Republic Steel 400 ii% 1<% 1<%
Republic Steel pfd ,-• 73
Suiar •••• 2.800 127 J2ft% 120%
Tisnn Coal & Iron.. 1,300 OS 62% «2%
Union B & P Co 15%
U B & P Co pfd ..... 81%
U S Leather....... 1.500 13% 13 13
US Leather pfd.. 100 84% 84% 84
V S Rubber 200 15 14% 14%
UI P R ue b i^. p ! d :::8V.o66 «£ #" s'v'%
US Steel Pfd 9.200 88% 83% 88*4
We«t Union 100 i)0%V 90% W>%
Total sales 303,000 shored.
NEW YORK BONDS.
TT Q ref 2s reg 107% I Louis & N unl 4s.J03%
Do coup ...... 108%! Mex Cent 4s .... 84%
Bo 3b reg 107%) Do 1st Inc 31%
Tto coup 107V* Minn & St L 4s.. 105
Do new 4s reg. 135% M K & T 4s.... 100
Do coup 135% Do 2ds 84%
5o old 4« reg. 109% tf Y Cent lsts. ..104%
Do coup 110% Do gen 8%s ...107
Do 5s reg 105 X J Cent gen 5s.l39%
Do coup 105 Nor Pa8 4s 104%
Atch gen 4s ....103% Do 3s 74%
Do adjt 4b 93% N T or & West c 4s. 101%
Balto & Ohio 4s. 103 (Read Gen 4s 100%
Do 3s «7 iB L & I M c 5s. 117%
Do conr 4s 107% St L & S F 4s.. 100
Canada So 2ds..lO»% 5t L S W lsts.. 99%
Cent of Oa 5s... 108%j Do 2ds ... 87
Do 1st inc .... 87%:S A & A P 4s... 00%
Ches & Ohio 4%8.1ti8% So Pro 48 02%
Chi * Alton 3%s. 85% So Ry 5s ..124
C B & Q new 4«. 00 Tex & Pac 1st*.. 119
C M & 8 P g 4s.ll6% T St L & W 4s... 82%
Chi &. Nor con 7s.l39*6 Union Pacific 4s. 106%
C R I & P 4s.. 111% Do conv 4s 107%
C C C &¦ S L % 4s.lO2 Wabash lsts ..,.119%
Chi Tftrm 4s . . . . 01 Do 2ds 111%
Colo & So 4s.... 06 Do Deb B. 77
D & R O 4» 103% West Shore 4s ..135%
Erie prior Hen 4s.l01% W & L B 4s.... 95
Do pen 4s 89 WIs Cent 4s • .... 93%
Ft W & D C lsU.113 Con Tob is .... 67
Hock Val 4%s...llO%
.. ... 'LIVERPOOL. . '¦•':, ,
Wheat— ... . July. Sept.
Opening 511% 6 2% j
Closing- ...5 11% C 2% j
..... ! PARIS. . : .
Wheat — ' ; " July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening .23 75 2160.;
Closing .....23 90 2170 !
Flour — v
Opening........ .....SO 35 ' 28 00
Closing .;. k ... 30 65 28 75"
Eastern Livestock -Market.
.'-¦_ CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Juno 20. — Cattle — Receipts. 1500;
choice, strong, others -slow. Good to "prime
'steers; $7 5O@8; poor to . medium, $4 75@7 40;
Ftockers and feeders, $2 50@5 25; cows. $140
@5 75; heifers, §2 50@6 25; canners, $1 40@2 40;
bulls, $2 25@5 50; calves, $2 50@« 50; Texas fed
steers, $4<g"<5.
-. Hogs-^Receipts: To-day, 18,000; to-morrow,
12,000; left" over, 400O. head, j Market 10@t5c
higher. Mixed and butchers'. $7 20@7 «0; good
to choice heavy. $7 60@7 75; rough'heavy, $7 20
@7 40; light, $7 10@7 40; bulk of sales, . $7 30
@7 eo. ¦ .-¦;¦ . •?: .'.. .. -i- : . . ¦ , •
Sheep— Receipts. 500; sheep and lambs;
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4@5; fair to
choice mixed, $3 75@4 50; Western sheep, $2 50
@4 76; native lambs, clipped, $5@t> 75; West
ern Iambs, $5@tt 75; spring lambs, $7 10.
v- ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June 20.—Cattle—Re
ceipts, 500; steady. Natives, $4 75@7 85; cows
and heifers, $1 50@6; veals. $3 50® 0; stackers
and feeders. $2@5 50.
Hogs — Receipts, 5400; 10c higher. Light and
light mixed, $7 30@7 55; medium and heavy,
*7 4547 75; pigs, $4@6 75. . ¦ J •¦
Sheep — Receipts, 2300; steady.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 20.— Clearings, $736,617;
balances, $180,307.
SPOKANE, June 20.— Clearings, $276,538;
balances, $19,090. -
TACOMA, June 20.— Clearings, $215,181; bal
ances. $33,523.
PORTLAND, June 20.— Clearings, $426,695;
balances, $60,283.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 20.— Wheat— Nominal ;
< Walla Walla. 65%@6Cc; Valley, 66%@67c;
i Bluestcm, C7@68c
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 20. — Wheat — Quiet and
steady; Bluestem, 65%c; Club, 64%c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 2a— Consols, 96%; silver,
24 5-16d; French rentes, lOlf 87%c; cargoes on
passage, rather firmer; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, 29s 9d; cargoes Walla Walla,
29s 3d; English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL, June 20.— Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, firm; flBur in Paris, firm; French
country markets, firmer; weather in. England,
rain. • . " . ,--.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-82d.< '¦ '•
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, $1@1 50 per
sack for common and 20@25c per dozen for
sweet; Asparagus, 75ci@$2 25 per box;" Rhu
barb, 50c<S?l per box; Green Peas, $1 50@2 23
per sack: String- Beans, 1%@2%c per lb and 2@
3c for Wax; Refugee Beans, 2%@3c per lb;
Cabbage, i)0c@$l per ctl; California Tomatoea,
60c@$l per box or crate i Mississippi, $1@1 25
per crate; Dried* Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Car
rots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville,
$1 23@1 35 per box; Bay. $2 50@2 75 per large
box; Hothouse do, 25@50c per dozen; Garlic,
2@3c for flew; Los Angeles Green Peppers,
8010c; Stockton do, 10c; Mexican do, S®10c;
Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8@lOc; Summer
Squash, 5O@(3Oc for small boxes and $1 25@1 50
lor large; Marrowfat Squash, $15@2O per ton;
Hubbard Squash, «13®20.
ONIONS — Australian, $2@2 25, second hands;
Silverskins, $l(g?l 15; new Red, 45@55c per
sack.
POTATOES— New Early Rose, 75c®$l in
boxes and tJ5S90c in backs: Burbanks in boxes,
CCc<g$l 50 with some fancy higher; sacks, 65c
<S$1 25; Garnet Chiles. $1@1 10; old Burbanks,
75c@51 25; Sweets, $2 50 for Merced.
, Green Corn was offering freely, but only
choice sweet corn sold well. Peas and Cu
cumbers were firm and higher. Tomatoes con
tinued weak and plentiful. Another car came
in from Mississippi. Other vegetables stood
about the same. The first Green Okra to ar
rive- this season was received from Stockton
and sold at 60c per lb. Only a few lba were
received.
New Potatoes of poor quality were In ex
cessive, supply and the market continued very
dull. Fancy stock, when obtainable, sold over
the . quotations. Old Potatoes continued ' dull
and prices were unchanged.
New Red Onions were lower under heavier
receipts. Silverskins were quoted higher.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables
NEW YORK, June 20.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will nay:
Conditions governing present and future do '
not show very sharp contrasts. While the.im
mediate present situation is clouded by ¦ the
rather less favorable industrial outlook and the
prospect of . an extension of the coal strike
into the bituminous fields, the continued favor
able progress made by. all the, leading crops
lends assurance. that, once the. present strained
condition of industrial - affairs is relieved , a
large and prosperous fall and winter business
-is assured. That In spite of disturbances, past
and present, a heavy business is going forward
is proved by the continued fine reports of rail
road earnings fbr. this season of the year, very
¦heavy bank clearings and the comparatively
Ismail number of business embarrassments re
ported. It of course must be borne in mind
that the , coal trade troubles, though making
their" Influence felt in a wider area than before,
are still comparatively localized, and outside
of sections immediately affected In such places
as the central West, the Southwest and the
Northwest, business ¦¦ both present and for fu
ture delivery is of good volume, in most'in
stances in excess of a year ago. With the ex
ception of too much moisture in' the South
west, it followed with the harvesting and con
dition of wheat and continued drynesa In Texas,
spoiling corn and Impairing cotton conditions,
the agricultural outlook is practically -without
flaws. The supply of anthracite coal is slowly
ebbing and the use of soft coal is growing,
despite city ordinances. The strike is causing
some additional furnaces to shut down 'and
thus accentuating the scarcity in the Eastern
part of the country. Prices of farm products
show the influence of improving crop condi
tions. Wheat is one exception to the general
weakness, but this is much due to bad weather
reports from Europe. Corn closes . lower on a
flattering outlook for the growing crop, i Hog
products have also weakened on larger receipts,
but beef prices show notable strength. Refined
sugar is lower, after the heavy buying of the
past month.
The scarcity. of pig iron is causing a notice
able stiffening jn prices.
Wheat, including flour, exports for the week,
aggregate 3,S0O,434 bushels, against 3,004,314
bushels last week and 5.520.S31 bushels in this
week last year. ¦ - •
Wheat exports, July 1, 1901, to date (fifty
one weeks), aggregate 245.285.8S3 bushels,
against 210,137,303 bushels last season.
Business failures in the United States for the
week number 177, as against 165 last week,
188 this week last year, 167 in 1900, 109 in 1899
and 220 in 1S98. - - !
.In. Canada business failures this week were
15, against 12 last week.
Local stocks and bonds still very dull.
Silver and Exchange as previously quoted.
Wheat and Barley a fraction higher.
Oat market growing stronger, with an increasing demand.
Com end Rye dull and unchanged.
Good Hay, old and new, rather firmer. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Beans and Seeds about as before quoted.
Butter and Eggs still in heavy supply and weak.
Dried Fruit dealers speculating in futures.
Provisions dull at previous prices.
Live and dressed meats show no change.
Evaporated Apples scarce and higher.
New Potatoes and Onions still plentiful. : .
Another car of Tomatoes in from Mississippi.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Good demand for fruit for Northern shipment.
Mexican Limes in light supply and higher.
Produce Exchange takes three days off for. the Fourth.
figure is not quotable. The demand will prob
ably be very light until after the Fourth.
There is no change \ in Feedstuff s.
BRAN— $18 50@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21®24 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25@2U; job
bing, ?26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake. $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50^32 5»);
Mixed Feed. $16@17: Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— New is selling as follows: Wheat,
$8@10; Volunteer Wild Oat, ?8 60@S; Alfalfa,
$9@10. Old Is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, $12@12 50; fair to choice
60. $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9®11 50; Oat.
$S@10 50; Alfalfa, nominal; Clover, $7@9; Vol
unteer, $6 50®8 50; Stock. $6@8 per ton.
STRAW — iO@5Oc per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans — Continue steady and quiet, though
Bayos are quoted somewhat lower. Whites are
rather firmer than otherwise.
BEANS — Bayos, ?3; small White, $2 33
@2 50; large White, $2 40@2 50; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Pink, $2@2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$3@5 10; Llmas, $3 6»§3 75: Red Kidneys,
$3 50@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard.' $2 50®2 63; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 60; Cana
ry 3 %c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, lo%'a>
ll%c; California, 10@10%c; Rape. 1%@2%c;
Hemp, 3% per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75<g2; Green. $1 40
@1 65; Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Eggs are a little cheaper again, th» raark«t
being 1 largely overeupplled. There is no
change in Butter.
Meats, Fish and Poultry are unchanged from
last week.
New fruit3 are coming in right along now,
though many varieties are still scarce and high,
as the season is late. The summer vegetables
are also in fair supply.
COAL. PER TON—
Cannel $ @13 00 Southfletd
Wellington. @10 00' Wellington $— @10 00
Seattle @ 8 50- Coos Bay — Q 7 00
Roslyn .... @ 0 00, Greta — @10 00
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice, sq43@50 Common Eggs.17%^ —
Do good' 40®— Ranch Eggs, per
Common ...... 35@37 dozen 20®25
Cneese, Cal 12® 13 Honey, comb, per
Cheese. Eastern. .17@20, pound 15@20
Cheese, Swiss 20@30| Do extracted... 8@10
MEATS. PER LB.—
Bacon 12%@18 Pork Sausages. 12 %@1 5
Hams 13@17 Smoked Bee£ ....17020
Lard 15® — i
The San Francisco Butchers' Protective As
sociation givea the following retail prices
for meats:
Roast Beef 10@18|Lamb Chops ....15Q20
Tenderloin Stk. ..15<g>lSi Spring Lamb. .12%@20
Porterhse do.l7%@22%! Roast Mutton. 8@12%
Sirloin Steak.. 12%@15iMutton Chop«....10@18
Round Steak... 10® 12% | Mutton Stew .... 8@10
Beef Stew 8S10iRoast Veal 12@20
Corned Beef 8@10 Veal Cutlets . ...15@20
Soup Bones 4<Q — I Roast Pork 11@13
Soup Meat 8@10 Pork Chops .....13Q1?
Roast Lamb ..12%@1S
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, each 50@90 1 Ducks, each .... 85cS$ 1
Young Roosters. Geese, each ...*1 50®2
each 75c@?l| Goslings ...$1 50@2 50
Old Roosters, ea.50@75:Pigeons, pair . ...40@50
Fryers, each 50<375 Squabs, per pair.50065
Broilers, each. . .30@50 Rabbits, each. ...15® 20
Turkeys, per lb..20@25 Hare, each —©20
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Apricots, lb . . 8®12% Grape Fruit, per
Alligator Pears. dozen *1®1 25
each 25@5C- Dried Figs, per lb — @10
Almonds 15@20 Limes, dozen 10@15
Apples 3@ 5;Lemons, dozen. ..30<340
Blackberries, Oranges, dozen.. 80^75
per drawer ...40#C0j Pears, per lb... 6@li)
Cherries, per lb. 6@10 Plum3. per lb..lO@12
Currants, per Peacnes, per lb.lO@12
drawer 50@63 Pineapples, each. 30050
Pecans — @20 Raspberries, per
Brazil Nuts 20« — drawer 60®65
Bananas, doz 20@30 Raisins, per lb.. 8© 15
Cocoanuta, each.. — t? 10 1 Strawberries, per
Fresh Figs. lb. .. — ©f.Oi drawer 85@65
Pooseberrles, lb.. 4@ 81 Walnuts, per lb..l5©J0
VEGETABLES—
Asparagus 5*910, Mushrooms, lb...—^_
Artichokes. doz..l5@40 ) Okra. lb — ®73
Beets, dozen 10@ — Potatoes, perlb.. 2@ 4
Beans, white, lb. 6@ — New Potatoes.... 2@ 4
Colored, per lb. 5® — Parsnips, per dx.lOi*—
Dried Lima, lb. . . 6® 8 Radishes, do«en
Cabbage, each... 6@ — bunches 13®20
CMtrr, head 5®— Rhubarb 3® S
Cress, dz bncha. .20g.T0 Sweet Potatoes, '
Cucumbers, dz.. .23550 per j b 5
Egg Plant, Ib..l2%@15 Sage, doz bnchs. 23030
Garlic e @ ° String Beans, per
Green Peppers, lb.20@30 pound 3^5
Green Peas, lb...2%@4 Summer Squash,
Lettuce, per doz.l5@20 per pound .... t& 8
Leeks, doz bnchs.l5@20 Sprouts, per lb... — f&—
Onions, per lb. . . 2@ 5 Spinach, per lb. . 5<i* —
Green Onions, dz Thyme, dz bchs. .25430
bunches — ®— Turnips, per do».10<9 —
Green Corn, dz..S0@40| Tomatoes, lb ...1O@15
FISH—
Carp — @— Sea Bass — @— .
Catfish 10@— emelts 12%@—
Codnsh tZ Yk^~ SoIea 12%@13
Flounders IPltT" sltate «. each 8@15
Halibut — @1J%! Squid — @io
Herring ;AT7£~ I 01 ". 00 * 10012%
Mackerel 12^lrr Turbot 15@2o
Do horse — «?10 Trout 83050
Peroh 10 @ — Brook Trout ....— ®63
Pompino 50®— Whitefish 10#—
Rockcod — @15 Clams, gallqn ...50®—
Rockflsh — @15 Do hardshell,
Salmon, fresh — 015 per pound ... 8©10
Do smoked.... — @20 Crawfish — @ —
Sardines — @13 Crabs, each ....15@20
Shrimps — @ — Mussels, quart...—^ —
Shad 8@10 Oysters. Cal. 10O.40(g5O
Striped Bass — @ — Do Eastern. dz.23@4O
*^>ns for money M K & T pfd. ... 60
96 7-10 N Y Central 161%
"ong for accqunt. 96% Norfolk & West. . 68f4
A-naconda 0% N & W pfd 02%
MchiBon 84% Ontario & West.. 33%
atchison pfd ....103 Pennsylvania .... 77%
ftaltimore & O...10t>% Reading 33%
Canadian Pac ...1384 Reading 1st pfd.. 43
Phes & Ohio 47% Reading 2d pfd.. 35%
vhi Gt Western.. 30 Southern Ry....l 37%
;hl Mil & St P.. 177% South Ry pfd 97%
")en & R Grande. 43% Southern Pacific. 60%
O & R G pfd.... U5 Union Pacific 107%
Krle 37% Union Pac pfd... 01
Krte 1st pfd »*)% U S Steel . 38%
Erie 2d pfd ..... 51 U S Steel pfd 90%
Illinois Central... 161'} Wabash 29%
Louis & Nash 139 Wabash pfd 40
Mo Kan & Texas 27'fc Spanish Fours .. 81%
war silver, steady, 24 5-l6d per ounce.
Money. 2%@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills Is 2%@~2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months bills is 2%@2% per cent.
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— US Steel pfd.... 88%
Call loans . . A3%@4 Westlnz Com.... 105
Time loans ..'.4 @4% Mining—
Bonds— Adventure 23%
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez " 2»i
<-»as lsts 94 Amalgamated ... Ctt%
Mexican Cent 4s. 82 Daly West 44 %
N E Gas & Coke.. 60 Bingham 34
Railroads— x- Calumet & Hecla.600
Atchison 82% Centennial IS
Atchison pfd 100% Copper Range ... 56
Boston & Albany. 280 Dominion Coal ..137
Boston & Maine.. 201 Franklin 11
Boston Elevated. .163 Isle Royale -. 12%
Chi Bur & Q — Mohawk 41
N Y. NH & H..230 Old Dominion ... 21
Fltchburg pfd ..143% Osceola .". Cl
Union Pacific ...105% Parrot ... ...28
Mexican Central . — Qulncy 135
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. 1%
American Sugar. .126% Tamarack 175%
Am Sugar pfd 119 Trimountaln 95
Am Tel & Tel. . .17«% Trinity 12%
Dom Iron & Steel 54% United States ... 20
Gen Electric 304 Utah 21
Mass Electric ... 43% Victoria 6
Mass Elec pfd... 90 Wlnona . ... 4
N E Gas & Coke.111% Wolverine 64%
U S Steel ........ 37%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 1 Little Chief 12
Alice 40 Ontario 7 25
greece 00 Ophir 115
Brunswick Con ... 09 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tunnel .. 05 % Potosl 20
Con Cal & Va....l 35 Savage 10
Dead wood Terra ..1 00 Sierra Nevada .. 12
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver 72 Standard 3 10
Leadvllle Con ... 03
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
spot tin at £128 and futures, at £123 15s,
the New York market was stronger and about
%c higher, closing at $28 C2%<gi29, with the
tone holding ten at the advance.
Copper in New York was steady, although
quiet. London, however, gained 2s 6d for the
day, closing at £53 12s 6d for spot and
£53 17s 6d for futures. In the local market
250,000 pounds electrolytic for July delivery
were sold at $12 15. Standard spot to August
was quoted at- $11 C0@ll 70; lake. $12@12 45;
electrolytic and casting, $11 95@12 12%.
The local . lead market was also quiet and
steady at i%e,< while at London It lost Is 3d,
closing at £11/ 3s 6d.
There was a decline of 2s 6d In spelter at
London to £18 12s Gd, but locally the market
was dull and nominal at 4%c.
f Iron was steady In tone and quiet at old
figures. Warrants were nominal and without
quotable basis. No. 1 Northern foundry, $21
©22; No. 2 Northern foundry, $20 50@21 50;
No. 1 Southern foundry, $20 50@21 50; No. 1
Southern foundry, soft, $20 50@21 50.
Glasgow closed at 54s 9d and Mlddlesboro
at 49s 7%d. > .
Cash quotations were an follows: Flour,
dull, steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 60@74%c;
No. 2 red, Sl%@81%c; No. 2 yellow corn, 65c;
No. 2 oats, 42%@43c; No. 2 white. 48c; No. 3
white, 47ii@48c; No. 2 rye, 58%@60c; fair to
choice malting: barley, eoisfTOc; No. 1 flaxseed,
?1 54@1 55; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 73; prime
timothy seed, 55 90@5 85; mess pork, per bbl,
?17 S7%@17 92%; lard, Der 100 lbs, $10 40;
short ribs sides (loose), $10 60@10 80; dry
salted shoulders (boxed). 9@9&c; short clear
sides (boxed), $11 25(5)11 37%; whisky, basis
ot high wines, $1 SO; clover, contract grade,
$8 35. ' " ¦ -
- Articles — : - ' Receipts. Shipments.
F16ur, barrel* ...... .....10.000 8 000
Wheat, 'bushels ......... 18,000 ".:" 205,000
Corn, bushels .......... .191,000 .. . 37,000
Oats, bushels .....; 1S4.000 * 334,000
Rye, bushels .. 1,000 4,000
Barley, bushels 6,000 4,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was -strong; creameries, 18322c; dai
ries, 17%@10%c. Cheese, steady, 10@llc.
Eggs, firm; fresh, 15%c. " .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Bradsireet's on Trade.
Foreign Futures.
Dun's Review of Trade.
Bank Clearings.
11
Wheat No/ 2— ¦
Articles — ¦ Open.
ruly ... 74
September ..... 73
Secember 73%
Ccrn No. 2 —
uly ........... 05%
September ..... CS%
December * 44%
Oats No. 2 —
uly (now)... .. 30%
ruly (old) 30%
Hlph.
74%
. GO
45 Vi
40
30%
Low.
73H
65%
58 \<i
44%
39%
30^
ClOhe.
74 Vi
ki
58%
45 »4
Sept. (new) 31% 31% 31 31%
3ept. (old) 28% 29% 28% 29
Dec. (new) 31 31% 31 , 31%
Mess Pork, ner bbl —
•epterober IS 00 18 12% 17 97% 18 07%
ruly .......17 85 17 92% 17 77% 17 87^
Lard, per 100 lbs — .
'uly ....10 40 10 45 10 40 10 45 .
September 10 45 10 50 10 45 10 50
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
r uly ..10 65 10 77% 10 65 10 75
September 10 52% 10 62% 10 62% 10 60
ATIONS.
5a 3H
¦ E
I
S"
3
i*
e ? o 2.
< — 5.5
—¦ o •- v
Cfcieo
Cl oversale . . .
Coluta
Cur«ka
Fresno .......
rUuiford
FIolllEter ......
Independence
Kinr City....
Liverxnore
Lew Angeles..
Merced
Napa
Newman
Palermo
Porterville . . .
Red Bluff
Riverside
Sacramento ..
San Diego . . .
Ban Francisco
Ban Jcse
B. L. Oblspo..
Santa Jlaria..
Willows
..100
..100
'.'. 02
..10*
...100
.. 79
.. 06
... 82
..92
...76
...104
...80
...102
...83
. ..JOfi
...100
...91
... sa
.... m
).. 58
...90
... 78
...74
...98
-58
S3
C7
50
70
78
50
cs
54
<-.
54
64
58
«H
70
40
60
CO
50
49
52
#-*»
CO
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
PtCldy S
Clear
Clear
Clear W _12
Clear NW e
Clear
Clear W
Clear SE 10
Clear N Btr'g
Clear
Clear W 12
Clear NW . .
Clear SW ..
Clear
PtCMy
Clear
Clear . SE 8
Clear
Clear S 12
Clear NW H
PtCldy W 30
Clear '•
Clear NW Lt
Clear
Clear SE
THE COAST
RECORD
STATIONS.
a
a
K
SB
I 1
c
*%
a
P
I 3
e
?
a
IS
I c
3E
i
I
IT
a
Astoria. ...
Baker
Carson ....
Eureka ...
Fresno . . . .
Flagstaff .
Pocalello, 1
Independea
Los Angel*
Phoenix ..
Portland ..
Red BluS
Roseburjj .
Sacramento
Salt Lake..
San Franc
San 1^. Ob!
San Diego
Seattle ....
Spokarx? .
Keah Bay.
%Valla AVai
Wir.nemuct
Vuma .
"id"
ice
:es..
E> ..
Jisco
>ispo
». . . .
iia'.".
ca .
..29.72 80 54 SW Cloudy .00
..29.94 76 46 SE Cloudy .00
-.29.72 90 50 W Pt-Cldy .00
..29.86 62 50 W Clear .00
. .29.62 104 iiQ NW Clear .00
..29.CS 85 40 SW Clear .00
..23.05 76 44 NVT Pt.Ody .00
.29.64 06 CS SB Clear .00
..29.76 76 58 W Clear .00
..29.54 10S 72 NW Clear .00
..29.C8 88 70 E Cloudy .00
-.23.64 100 70 SE Clear .00
..£9.72 68 C2 N Pt-Cldy .00
-.2?. 68 86 GO S Clear .00
-.20.00 78 56 NW Cloudy .00
0.29.84 58 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
o.2!>.82 78 52 N T W Clear .00
..29.74 08 60 NW Clear .00
..29.7S 84 46 E PtCldy .00
..29.98 76 46 NE Cloudy .00
-.29.72 78 50 E Cloudy .00
..23.84 64 GO K Pt.Cldy .00
. .29.78 86 50 NE Cloudy .00
..29.56 102 70 W Clear .00
ATIONS.
5a 3H
¦ E
I
S"
3
i*
e ? o 2.
< — 5.5
—¦ o •- v
Cfcieo
Cl oversale . . .
Coluta
Cur«ka
Fresno .......
rUuiford
FIolllEter ......
Independence
Kinr City....
Liverxnore
Lew Angeles..
Merced
Napa
Newman
Palermo
Porterville . . .
Red Bluff
Riverside
Sacramento ..
San Diego . . .
Ban Francisco
Ban Jcse
B. L. Oblspo..
Santa Jlaria..
Willows
..100
..100
'.'. 02
..10*
...100
.. 79
.. 06
... 82
..92
...76
...104
...80
...102
...83
. ..JOfi
...100
...91
... sa
.... m
).. 58
...90
... 78
...74
...98
-58
S3
C7
50
70
78
50
cs
54
<-.
54
64
58
«H
70
40
60
CO
50
49
52
#-*»
CO
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
PtCldy S
Clear
Clear
Clear W _12
Clear NW e
Clear
Clear W
Clear SE 10
Clear N Btr'g
Clear
Clear W 12
Clear NW . .
Clear SW ..
Clear
PtCMy
Clear
Clear . SE 8
Clear
Clear S 12
Clear NW H
PtCldy W 30
Clear '•
Clear NW Lt
Clear
Clear SE
Wheat No/ 2— ¦
Articles — ¦ Open.
ruly ... 74
September ..... 73
Secember 73%
Ccrn No. 2 —
uly ........... 05%
September ..... CS%
December * 44%
Oats No. 2 —
uly (now)... .. 30%
ruly (old) 30%
Hlph.
74%
. GO
45 Vi
40
30%
Low.
73H
65%
58 \<i
44%
39%
30^
ClOhe.
74 Vi
ki
58%
45 »4
THE COAST
RECORD
STATIONS.
a
a
K
SB
I 1
c
*%
a
P
I 3
e
?
a
IS
I c
3E
i
I
IT
a
Astoria. ...
Baker
Carson ....
Eureka ...
Fresno . . . .
Flagstaff .
Pocalello, 1
Independea
Los Angel*
Phoenix ..
Portland ..
Red BluS
Roseburjj .
Sacramento
Salt Lake..
San Franc
San 1^. Ob!
San Diego
Seattle ....
Spokarx? .
Keah Bay.
%Valla AVai
Wir.nemuct
Vuma .
"id"
ice
:es..
E> ..
Jisco
>ispo
». . . .
iia'.".
ca .
..29.72 80 54 SW Cloudy .00
..29.94 76 46 SE Cloudy .00
-.29.72 90 50 W Pt-Cldy .00
..29.86 62 50 W Clear .00
. .29.62 104 iiQ NW Clear .00
..29.CS 85 40 SW Clear .00
..23.05 76 44 NVT Pt.Ody .00
.29.64 06 CS SB Clear .00
..29.76 76 58 W Clear .00
..29.54 10S 72 NW Clear .00
..29.C8 88 70 E Cloudy .00
-.23.64 100 70 SE Clear .00
..£9.72 68 C2 N Pt-Cldy .00
-.2?. 68 86 GO S Clear .00
-.20.00 78 56 NW Cloudy .00
0.29.84 58 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
o.2!>.82 78 52 N T W Clear .00
..29.74 08 60 NW Clear .00
..29.7S 84 46 E PtCldy .00
..29.98 76 46 NE Cloudy .00
-.29.72 78 50 E Cloudy .00
..23.84 64 GO K Pt.Cldy .00
. .29.78 86 50 NE Cloudy .00
..29.56 102 70 W Clear .00
Sept. (new) 31% 31% 31 31%
3ept. (old) 28% 29% 28% 29
Dec. (new) 31 31% 31 , 31%
Mess Pork, ner bbl —
•epterober IS 00 18 12% 17 97% 18 07%
ruly .......17 85 17 92% 17 77% 17 87^
Lard, per 100 lbs — .
'uly ....10 40 10 45 10 40 10 45 .
September 10 45 10 50 10 45 10 50
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
r uly ..10 65 10 77% 10 65 10 75
September 10 52% 10 62% 10 62% 10 60
AUCTION SALES
Some GENTLE DRTVTMO AN© WORK
HORSES cheap at
. STEWARTS HORSE MARKET.
sl-.y. ,.- , 721 HOWARD STREET.THE SAN FRAyCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, ¦/ JUNE 21, 1902.
12
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
JOSEPH^iTRAUBT
A — Old-established good-paying saloon and
lodging-house of 14 well-furnished rooms;
never empty; good bar trade; good locality.
A — Butcher shop, nicely fitted up, in good
neighborhood; nice, clean: good cash trade.
X Coffee and lunch parlor in wholesale
district; no nleht or Sunday work; paying
preposition.
A — Nice little well-paying grocery and bar;
good corner on street car line; living- rooms.
A — Restaurant near Mission and 16th sts.;
owner has to eo East; worth to look at.
A — French restaurant near Market st.;
this is a very good paying place and well
worth investigation; a flue opening.
A— Oyster and chop house in good local-
ity; rent $15; price $200; a bargain.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED, well equipped barber
shop for sale on account of sickness of own-
er. Address immediately The W. A. Mac-
kinder Co w Agents, St. Helena.
$200 — BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery; new
oven; full value in stock; good business; large
cellar suitable for any bakery; 3 living rooms.
BASILE. 3 Eddy st.
$300— SALOON: good trade; full value; 3 back
rooms; rent $15; must be sold at once. 602 Yt
Third st. ¦ .
$125 — FRUIT store; eood location; fine busi-
. ness; 3 liv. rms;' sickness. Basile, 3 Eddy st.
WILL sacrifice neatly furnished flat of 7 rooms.
$210. 1610% Bush st. .
$650 — Restaurant with 17; well-furnished rooms;
large business. Call at once 604 Third st.
APRICOT crop for sale on trees. Address 1833
Polk st.
FOR sale — Cigar store; laundry pays expenses.
Box 1134. Call office.
$250 — SALOON; rooms, large yard; waterfront;
70 Jackson St.; must sell; bargain; rent $15.
ROUTE in Western Addition; building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 12C6 Market St.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; gc-od renter 950
8 rooms; sunny fiat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1H per cent per month. .
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st., -
Rooms 21. 22.1 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to show
houses; carriage at door. Money loaned, IV2
per cent.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market st., upstairs, near Call building.
A — big — free — list — at — my — office.
TeL "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
A— 20 ROOMS: clears $95; only $800
12 rooms; corner; clears $50 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
15 rooms; Just listed 650
SO rooms ; clears $250; Investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st.— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient: low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 6000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms: man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
TO buy a lodging-bf-jse, boarding-house or
hotel, you •will benefit financially and secure
1 general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
WINSTON & WOLF.
Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st.
21 rooms; rent $50; part cash $1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furulture 2500
28 rooms; must sell: make offer; cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $82: a money-maker.. 1850
98 rms.; modern; elev. ; cor.; reduced. 6500
A— $600; LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms, 30
• beds; rent $20; best location on water front.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
CORNER house: 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion st.. cor. Ninth.
CORNER house; 12 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion st, cor. Ninth.
$100 WILL put you In a 16-room bouse; newly
furnished: will clear $50 over expenses. In-
quire at 842 Howard st.
RETSLOFF. McMILLEN & CO.. tel. John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
FURNISHED lodging-house; 19 rooms; good lo-
cation; electric lighted; rent $39. 12 Steuart.
$75 WILL put you in a house newly furnished
clearing $25 per month. Inquire 842 Howard.
$300—9 HOUSEKEEPING rooms; gas ranges;
pays $25. JAMES MORSE, 632 Market, r. 5.
FOR SALE — 12-room transient house; paying;
cheap rent. 219A Mason st.
________
BROCK WAY. 1052 Ellis st..~n^aTli : raiikTin7
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights, 25c; readings daily; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader; sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell Ft., nr. Gough: Ellis car.
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night;
best tests 10c; readings 50c-$l. 182 Sixth st.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.; 25c; readings daily.
MRS. SHEEHAN-. trance, test medium ireadings
50c. $1. 316 Third St.; clr. Tues.. Frl., 25c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis: readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
clairvoyants.
a— prof~paul~destine] ™
the first member of india's oc-
cult college ever registered
in and for san francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life: his information and advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the saparated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness:
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physician's skill cured without
the use of medicine; there is no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will help you or charge nothing for his
tervicef"; "palmistry taught, mediumistio
persons developed;" learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to 8 p. m. : fee, reasonable.
326 O'Farrell Street. ¦ — 326
MME. M. BERNARD, - ~
THE FAMOUS ,
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
diurn and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" '
PROFESSOR MARCO
Reunites the separated.
Caufces speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;-.
Mediums developed (guarantee);
Palmistry taught:
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office. 412 Post Et. — *12.
Daily. 10 to 12. 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m.
1 1' t THEO IS COMING It!
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
pp. m.; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth^
¦*¦— 25 «: SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c-
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs: reunites the separated; makes
nappy and speedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to 8
dally. 1010 Mission st.. near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight-
diagnoses diseases with life reading; la dlesSOc'
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk!
57 largre advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
lst; readings by mall. 1016 Market et.
T< ?H R n fortune told from "adle to grave. What
T>nni- TmvSSI 1 2 end dlme & blrth date -
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MME JACQUES, 1035 Market St., suite 1_.
Ce ebrated palmist and clairvoyant: readings
dally this week. 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
MRS DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 12O<5 Market
. et.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY & READY...... 634-636 Clay st.
-, ......Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
.300 R. R. MEN
STATE OF UTAH
Come one. .....See boss'here Comeall
Free. Free Free
NEVADA .... STATE NEVADA
Salt Lake : Division, - Lucin, Utah;- Fenlen,
Wells. Clark, Palisade, Reno, Wadsworth,
Stonehouse, Battle Mountain, Carlin
1500 teamsters and laborers Free
750 drillers and rockmen Free
1000 car dumpers and concrete mixers.. .Free
.: SHIP FREE TO-DAY
25 men to work on Santa Fe System
ARIZONA
50 teamsters, R. R. work, near Prescott
MINES— FARE PAID
— See Boss Here
Foreman for gold quartz mine, see boss here,
$105 and found, fare paid; 8 miners, single
hand, fare paid, $90, see boss here; black-
smith for, mine, see boss here, $3 50- day,
fare paid; 3 miners, good mine, • $75 and
found; 4 laborers, mine, $3 fare, $42 and
found: 15 laborers, no experience required,
largest mine in county, $40 to $50 and found;
2 furnacemen for quicksilver mine, $75 to
$85 and found . v
MECHANICAL
MILLWRIGHTS BLACKSMITHS
Blacksmith, mine, fare paid, see boss here,
$75 and found; blacksmith, factory, ! good
place, $75; -10 blacksmiths, camps, ranches,
shops and sawmills, $90,^$75 and found;
6 blacksmiths' helpers
2 millwrights, company work, $4 day, fare $1,
see boss here; 3 millwrights, sawmill, north,
see boss here; millwright, married, steady
Job,' $50 and found; 2 stone masons, $5 day;
sheet-iron workers, city; harness maker,
ranch, $30 and found; cooper; man to paint
wagons, city, $2 day; carriage painter, sec-
ond hand, $40 and found
SAWMILLS
WOODS AND YARDS
FARE PAID. .SHIP DAILY.. FARE PAID
743 willing men to work in sawmills, woods
and yards, load cars, pile lumber, learn to
run machines; you need no experience for
this job; you'll do; wages $30 to $65 and
found WE PAY THE FARE
20 lumber pliers, good mill, $45 and found; 8
car loaders. $40 and found; 67 Jobs for ex-
perienced sawmill and woods help
TO THE
FARMS*. ORCHARDS DAIRIES
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
176 hay and harvest hands, $1 25, $1 50 to $2
and found; 39 farmers, steady jobs; 10 team-
sters, big ranch, $40 and found; 5 teamsters,
big fruit farm, $30 and found; 31 choremen
and choreboys, private places and ranches,
$15, $20, $25 and $30 and found: 5 milkers,
north, fare paid, $35; 36 milkers, other dai-
ries, $35 and $40 and found; cheese maker,
factory, see boss here
MISCELLANEOUS
Milk wagon driver, city, $40 and found; handy
man to help carpenters on ranch, $30 and
¦ found; married teamster, country, steady job
year round, $45 and house; 10 stablemen,
hostlers and buggy washers; coachman, good
place, country; milker and wife, see boss
here; farmer and wife, $40 and found; 25
boys to learn trades and work In factories;
o84 laborers, all kinds of work, all parts of
California, $2 to $2 50 day; 10 laborers, large
salt works, fare returned, $2 25 day
Stenographer ¦ and bookkeeper, large farm,
steady Job, see boss here, $40 and found..;..
HOTEiiS AND COOKS
Cook, good country hotel, north, fare paid,
$50 and found; cook, country hotel, fare $2,
$50; 15 cooks, other, jobs; 6 second cooks,
country hotels, $40 to $50 and found; 6 cooks,
ranches and camps, $30 to $45 and found: 10
, waiters, city and country hotels and restau-
rants, $30 to $40 and found; waiter, helps
hall at springs, $25 and found; 7 porters,
hotels; 4 bell boys; 3 elevator boys; 29 dish-
washers and kitchen hands
GET OUR DAILY LISTS
; • • • Of Jobs— Ready at 7 a. m ".
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 429 Bush «t.,
Between Kearny and Grant ave.
Opposite California Hqtel.
FOR 'NEVADA AND UTAH.
Free office fee Free fare
FREE OFFICE FEE.
Free fare Free office fee
COSTS YOU NOTHING^ — SHIP MONDAY.
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen, tunnel-
men, concretemen, scraper holders and load-
ers.
Wages $2, $2 25. $2 50 and $3 a day
Come one ....Come all
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK.
500 tunnelmen. drillers, headers and muck-
« s $2 to $3 a day
Free fare Ship daily Free fare
Harnessmaker, R. R. camp, Nevada, $50
and found/free fare; blacksmith for R. R.
camp, Nevada, $3 a day, free fare.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
COLORED waiter, private family, $30; cook
for resort, $40 to $50; night cook and waiter
for country, $35 and found; restaurant cooks,
$50 and $70; cook, private boarding-house,
$40; yardman for resort, $25 and found;
kitchen man, $25 and found: potwasher, $25
and found; dishwashers, hotel and restaurant
waiters, city and country, $25, $30 and $35,
and hotel porter, $20 and found. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE, 316 STOCKTON ST.
Second cook, $70; second cook, $12 a week;
short-order cook, country, $30; second cook
for springs, $35; assistant cook, $30; pot-
washer, $30; 2 dishwashers, $25 and $30; gar-
dener and milk 2 cows. $25; man to take
care of horses and milk cows, country, $30-
man and wife, country, $45; carpenters, $3 50
a day.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12
Fry cook. $40; waiter, $30; dishwasher, $25;
engineer and electrician, $50 and found; bar
porter, $25.
6 WAITERS, springs. $30. fare both ways.
MRS. M..E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
PORTER for resort near city, $20. MRS M
E. DAY, 335 Geary st. "
AT Co-operative Employment Bureau Wanted
carload laborers for Nevada. We ship you
free. This is the bureau that brought about
no office fee. 17 Steuart st.
WA £T ED T F Q rSt *!i li ii S wash goods salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED— Young man who Is an experienced
ti y * E ™?\^z%-B&a? between s "*
WANTED— Bright boy from 16 to 18 years of
a S mf 0 a r t S H O AL E b< gko A .?. Ply betW6en 8 and U
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodied unmar-
ried men between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
7^- g n S ffl F °r formation apply to Recruit-
ing Officer, 121 New Montgomery st San
Francisco, or Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED — Trustworthy person in each coun-
ty to manage business; old established house-
bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters; money advanced for expenses
Manager, 379 Caxton bldg., Chicago.
A— WANTED to-day, steady mansfor light in-
door business; must have $150 cash and be
satisfied with $75 to $100 month year round-
no experience required. 78 Third st.. room 2.
WANTED— First-class advertising man capable
of handling strong proposition on organization
W ?M k; B }^} e age and experience or application
will not be considered. Address box 1135. Call.
WANTED-^Bright boy who resides with his
parents to run a passenger elevator in a
wholesale house; state age and give reference
when making application. Box 1138, Call.
WANTED — Steady, reliable man with SW'i
cash; will pay $16 to $18 per week; plain
light work; experience nob. required; perma-
nent place. 1016 Market at.; room 10.
MAN to collect and solicit life insurance Ad-
ply bet. 8 and 10 Saturday morning, inquire
for J HUFF, assistant superintendent, first
floor, Callaghan building. ,
TAILORS— Pants and vest maker for the coun-
: try. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO., Market
' and Second sts.
WANTED — A good shoemaker who can' take
charge of repair shop and Is familiar with
operating and repair machine. Box 1141, Call.
WANTED — 5 millwrights, gang boiler riveters
2" machinists, for country. Apply Saturday'
bet. S:30 and 9:30, room 1315, Call building!
BUSHELMAN wanted. PAUSON & CO., 200
Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED plumbers' helpers wanted. H
WILLIAMSON CO., 413 Sutter st.
WAITERS, cooks, dishwashers, kitchen help
for restaurants; no fee. 526 Montgomery st.
LAUNDRY help wanted — First-class lroners.
Apply Stanford French Laundry. Palo Alto.
CUTTER on shirts and overalls. Standard
Shirt Factory, cor. Gough and Grove sts.
COOK wanted for camping party. Apply beT
7 and 8 p. m., DAN CROWLEY, S Clay st. "
BOY wanted. G29 Mission st.
COLLECTOR wanted; reliable and responsible
KOEHLER'S, 534 y 2 California st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1400U
Dupont st. ; ?6. . • •
WANTED— Bootblack. Oak Earber Shop 111
. Ellis st. •¦¦..--.¦_¦- ' ;
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted at 42S Broadway
for Saturday and Sunday.. / :
BARBERS — Shop running 3 chairs for sale;
good trade; owner leaving city. 428 Sixth st.
WANTED — Tailors to work by the week; $18
per week; steady work. • S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27 Geary st. ¦ ¦¦ ¦•• ¦ ¦¦ 1 .
WANTED — Jean Costel, the laundry man, to
communicate with the proprietor of the
laundry, Hobart Mills, Cal.
50 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers $2 and
$2 25 per day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
-•__'__ FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET.
AN elegant upper flat 6 sunny rooms' and
basement; Just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts. ; half block from Market
St.; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
THREE modern sunny flats, 6 rooms and bath;
Alabama st., near Twenty-fourth; reasonable.
Inquire 2951 Twenty-fourth st., cor. Alabama.
A — $17 50; CHEAPEST flat in city; 5 sunny
rms., bath. 549 Valencia st., bet. 16th & 17th.
A — $10; SUNNY bay-window flat: 3 rms., yard.
821 Valencia st., nr. Nineteenth, third floor.
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath, RIncon
Hill. 161 .Hawthorne St., near Harrison.
FURNISHED flat; 8 rooms- desirable part of
California st. Address box 1139. Call.
NEW, light. 6unny, lower, handsome, up-to-
- date; 7 & 8 rms; marine view. 2521 Van Ness.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms, bath; 3 rooms
bring In $20; rent $17. 320 Linden a^e.
FURNITURE WASTED.
OTTO i MAxT~lSo~Califo^nla st, pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkin 956.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
JFUR^TURE AND MATTRESSES.'
LOW prices and good work ¦ in making over
. furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st. ; tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP - WANTED — FEMALE.
THREE chambermaids for a country hotel,
fare paid both ways. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St., near Powell.
A WORKING housekeeper for a gentleman and
1 child; wages $15; see party here this morn-
Ing. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near
PowelL
TWO waitresses for the springs, $25 and fare
paid both ways. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st., near Powell. f
A— WAITRESS for Lake Tahoe, $25; 4 wait-
resses for Soda Springs, $25; 4 waitresses
for Santa Cruz Springs, $25; 2 more wait-
resses, Yosemite, $25. These places are all
for hotels at the springs; fare paid both
ways. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St.,
n»ar Powell. ;
A — COOK for cooking only for an American
family a short distance In country, wages
$30, see party here this morning. Mlt-S
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
8 WAITRESSES, springs. Lake Co., fare both
ways. $20. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary.
6 WAITRESSES, Santa Cruz Mountains; 2
waitresses, springs, $25. MRS. M. E. DAY,
335 Geary st.
WAITRESS, $20; girl to carry out dishes, $20;
same springs; fares paid. MRS. M. E.
DAY, 335 Geary st. .:
COOK, $35; second, $25; small American fam-
ily, country; 2 months. MRS. M. E. DAY,
335 Geary st.
HOUSEGIRL, choice place, 2 in family $25.
MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID, to wait. $25; girl to wash
napkins and assist dining-room one meal, $25;
same place. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary.
WANTED — Cashier for restaurant. $5 a week;
institution cook, $40; bread baker for institu-
tion, $30; 3 cooks, some wash, $30; lady"s
maid, $25: 3 second girls, city and country,
$20, $25; 8 waitresses for summer resorts, $20
$25; cook, no wash, $35; chambermaid, assist
linen room, $17 50; Catholic housekeeper, $20;
50 girls for all kinds of housework at $20
$25, $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
334 Sutter Bt.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
$4 50 — HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage,
hair "work taught In 2 weeks; positions guar-
anteed in stores and with private customers,
$50 and $75 per month; class day and even-
Ing. College 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents'* white shirts. ROGERSON'S, 535 Va-
; lencla st.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged 1 woman for .
housekeeping; small family; good home and
wages. Apply 1436 Grove st.
EXPERIENCED lunch and dinner waitress; 6
hours a day; $25 per mo.;#Jso 3-meal wait-
ress. 725 Market st.
WANTED — 2 waitresses to go to the country;
wages $25; fare paid. See proprietor to-day
.10-11. room 46. Russ House.
FIRST-CLASS sewers ladies' wrappers, tennis
gowns, etc. H. FRIEDLANDER. 338 Foil.
WANTED— Girls to Iron shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
GIRL, 14 to 16, to attend office. Call bet. 11
and 12:30 Monday, 606 Montgomery St., r. 11.
COMPETENT woman for general housework;
515. Congregational parsonage, San Mateo.
25 n LADIES wante< i 'or plain dancing. Call at
233 Powell St.; hours 2 to 5 p. m.
WAITRESSES wanted at 223 Leavenworth st.
A COMPETENT nurse to take care of two
girls; city references required. Box 1140, Call.
AN educated woman; must be capable; with-
out encumbrances. Box 1142. Call office.
ACTIVE young woman to assist on dishes in
restaurant pantry. 725 Market st.
LADIES to. learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
PACIFIC College, 1236 Marktt, cor. Jones and
McAllister: learn for $5; halrdressing, mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, switches, etc.; po-
sitions guar. in stores and private; day, eve.
WANTED — Operators f^ shirt waists and
wrappers. Apply MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
ket street.
LADIES— Learn to make beautiful laces on
The Princess Lace Loom." and earn pin
money; laces bought. 36 Metropole, 6 Turk.
A "^S I ? TMAKERS nnd finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market st./
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market St.
A GTRL for cooking. 1005 Lombard st. Call
morninss.
A NEAT, willing girl, German preferred; gen-
eral housework; small family. 851 Fulton st.
GE £ MA ™ glrl for general housework; wages
$25. 2314 California st.
WANTED— Shoe fitters, dry and wax thread,
also edge setter and bottom finisher. 26 Main.
WANTED— Waitress. 113 Turk St.
™£i NT ™™~ a A woman - eood cook, for men. Ap-
ply 2030 Seventeenth 8 t... corner Vermont.
MILLINERY, thorough course. $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
W &¥?W?r~ Women a nd Birls to work on fruit.
Ii31 Folsom st. = . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100G
Valencia st.
HELP W ANTED — MALE.
MILKER and buttermaker, small dairy, $40
and found: o milkers, $;{0 and $.'55 and fd. ;
vegetable gardener for country, $40 and fd. ;
mlddls-aged man about place; $30 and found;
choremen. $25 and $30 and found; 3 black-
smiths, $2 oO day, $45 month and found and
$3 day; horceshoer, $3 day; blacksmith help-
ers §2 day and $40 month and found; 3 mill-
wrights, $3 50 flay and board, fare advanced-
. 500 laborers about mines, mills, quarries,
brickyards and other work. J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento Bt. . '
4 SINGLE-HAND miners, $2 day and board;
6 laborers about mill and mines. $45 and
board. J. F. CROSETT & CO., <328 Sacra-
mento et. • : .
AA— SPECIAL TO-DAY! SPECIAL TO-DAY'
25 boys,_factory work, $3 50 to. $0 per week."
Call early. ¦ Call early
SPECIAL TO-DAY! SPECIAL ' TO-DAY!
25 boys; factory work, fee $1
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638
GEORGE HODGE, the restaurant . waiter,
please call Pacific Employment Agency.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery rtreet,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
315 Lerkin street; open until 9:S0 p. xn.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 s. xn. .
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. xn.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. xn.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p.m.
MEETING NOTICES.
THE St. John's day outing of the a%
PAST MASTERS' ASSOCIA- £r&
TION, F. and A. M., will De ir.Xl
helci on SATURDA\ r , June 2L /^fl^
fit Schuetzen Park. Boats leave &(««\a
Tiburon ferry s-t 9 and 11 a. /tL*J«\.
xn., 12:30. 1:50 and 3:30 p. m. tf?ffi^rMfl
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 6, R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS (SATURDAY) AF-^k
TEKNOo.N", Jane 21. at 2:30 o'clock. >C2f
M. M. degree. By order of the H. P. /^r >
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M., fl
wlil meet THIS (SATURDAY) A
EVENING, Ju:ie 21. at 7:30 o'clock. Tfcjf
M. M. degree. By order of the H. P. *V »
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
OHJ_nTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. m
M.— Third degree THIS (SATURDAY)
at 1:30 b. m. at JC
... A. S. HUBBARD. Secy. /Yl
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS (SATURDAY) _J^
EVENING tt 7:30 o'clock. First de- TtJC
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Secy. #%r>
ORIENTAL Encampment, I. O. O. F.— av j*
Members will meet in their hall at \f
7:30; all three degrees will be con- S\
ferred. N. M. PETERSEN. C P.* • X
PA£T D. D. G. Masters' Assn., L
O O. F. — AU V. D. G. Masters SSsSKS—
juid Past V. D. G. Masters are
requested to meet in Fraternal
Hail. O. F. building, THIS SUNDAY, June
22, at 11:30 a. xn. Matter* of interest will
ccme before the association and election of
officers. H. D. SAVILLE, Pres.
W. E. DUBOIS. Sec
OFFICERS and brothers of Court Gol- *NLi*»'
den Gaxe bS71. A. O. F-. are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our J0\
laxe brother. RAM1RO ESXRELLA, fi . J
on SATURDAY. June 21. at 2 p. m., irom
the funeral parlors of Julius Godeau. 305
Montgomery avenue. Fine for non-attend-
ance. Per order
EUGENE CLANCY, C. R»
C P. RICHARDSON. Fin. Sec.
NOTICE of meeting of stockholders for pur-
pose of voting on issue cf bonds. Office of
Associated Oil Company, eleventh floor Hay-
ward building, corner of California and Mont-
gomery sts.. San Francisco. CaL April 28.
19C2. — Notice is hereby given that pursuant
to a resolution of the board of directors of
the Associated Oil Company, unanimously
adopted on the 28th day of April. 1902, at a
regular meeting of said board duly held la
the city and county of San Francisco. State
of California, whereat more than three-
lourtha of the directors of said board were
present and voted, a meeting of the stock-
holders cf said corporation will be held at
the office and principal place of business of
•aid corporation, to wit: Eleventh floor
Hayward building, comer of Montgomery
and California streets, Ib the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, said
building being the building where the board
of directors of said corporation usually meet,
and eaid place being the place In said build-
ing where the stockholders of said corpora-
tion usually meet, on Monday, the 7th day
of /uly, 1902, at 11 o'clock a. m., for the
object and purpose of then and there con-
sidering and voting upon a proposition to
create a bonded indebtedness of said As-
eociated Oil Company, in the sum of five
zcillion dollars, payable in United States gold
cols, and to secure eaid bonded Indebtedness
co proposed to be created by a mortgage
upon, or deed of trust of all the property
of taid corporation now owned or hereafter
to be acquired by it during the life or term
of said mortgage or deed of trust. By order
of the board of directors Associated Oil Com-
pany.
(Seal) By O. SCRIBNER. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
A — LADY arent war.ted in every town to In-
troduce the best seller on earth; entirely new
ar.d success guaranteed. Write at once, GLOB.
ULE MEDICAL CO., 426 Kearny st_. S. F.
TWO experienced aeents for country. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 7th et.
ALLADIO CREAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream ;
easily digested; a dinner however plain is
made more enjoyable by Its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets, or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
— .
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HO"U"E. S50 Market st.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint SC5. S19 Market st.
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private ciivcrce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; ail
cases; open evgs. V.'. W.Davidson. 827 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Etooms
309-10-11. Clucle bldg.. 503 California st.
L. E. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket £t.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTED — An infant to raise on the bottle.
HilOMi Bu?h Et.
«IC Y CLE f-—V<* r Sal e or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Lark'.n. 3<J5 Market. 19D8 to Vj'i Page.
BOOKS-T-NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 114a Market; teL Howard 1U46.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$550— COAL and wood yard on Howard st.-^es^
tablished 25 years; two wagons, horse etc.;
a good paying business. Call It. G WILKE
2GV6 Kearny st.
A— $10U0; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
et. ; 4 livinjf-rooma; rent $45; place estab-
lished years; in short, a cood business, bee
R. G. WILKE. 'M\j Kearny st.
A — $1400; SALOON on Geary st. ; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
•well-patrcnlzed and good-paying business
Call H. G. WILKE, 2UH Kearny st. SlaeSS -
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25; with 5 rooms $35-
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
A— $1300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
Ppe-r month; a cood investment. Call it. G.
WILKE, .?(»',<, Kearny et-
A — $750: PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article sold in every grocery etore-
big money in sight. Call R. G. WILKK.'
1&V6 Kearny el.
A — 5250; OYSTER and chop house on Larkln
et.; rent $10; good location and good busi-
net«. Call R. G. WILKE. 2U^ Kearny It
A ~?.^ O i pELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with J iivlzm rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; erood payine business; rare chance for
man and wife. It. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar. with liv-
ing-room£; rent $42; best location on Leav-
£& S° o<1 WtoB- Call B. G.
v\ ILKL, 2CJ4 Kearny st.
A— $350; LAUNDRY route for sale; clears over
$00 per month; good steady custom; a trial
allowed before buying. J. LUNDIN & CO
i>18 Kearny st. •
A 7^*'?tV u - A1 CASH UElness >a Oakland; clear-
JTNrnl-^m •« 8 8 ? BlM bargain. JOHN
LLMjIN & <_X>.. J1S Kearny st.
$500— DELICACY and dairy produce store- best
location; Cth st.; clears $1<X> per month- liv-
ing rooms in rear; good value; make offer to-
• day. JOHN LUNDIN & CO., 318 Kearny st?
NOTICE to buyers and sellers— We buy
sell or exchange any legitimate business
quickly for cash. JOHN LUNDIN CO.
Real Estate and Business Brokers. 318 Kear-
ny £t.. roo»is 1-2, successors to P. S. de
Luca Co. Phone JRt-d 4S40.
SOME bargains at McBride & Co.'s, 765 Markt
$120— Home bakery with bake oven; boss sick.
$140 — Restaurant; must be sold.
$"00 — Koadhouse near city; good trade
$300 — Saloon near water front; more bargains
CHICKEN ranches. Frultvale, $300, $500; bar-
gains. McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
HOME Realty Co., 873 Market (formerly Geo
New-ton & Co., 759 Market) — Legitimate bu»i-
ness; lodgring-housee & restaurants specialty.
BRANCH bakery, candy and " stationery etore;
5 rooms; big basement; good for any kind of
bakery. 1007 Guerrero St.
A — ?750; CANDY and ice cream parlor. Room
309. 927 Market st., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
9X)R SALE — Agency of Call at Santa Cruz. In-
«uire A. BODEMAN, 25 Otis st-. Santa Cruz.
c - l i A ?? t :yp-yAr i y TS —" coi^** > ?! i _ e _^ > . i . ¦_¦
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life- correctly without
questions; full names ;50c-$l; 10 a.m. to S p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MARCEAU. clairvoyant card reader;
25 cents. 625 Minna st. - ¦
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader gives full
life readings for $1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 60c. 221 Fifth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c: gents 50c: readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S. Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%e yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel. Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning C(x, 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet-cleaning.
. 411-413 Powell st. phone Bush 421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collestlon
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market st. ; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A NEW story and half cottage, 6 rooms and
bath, modern. 3952 Nineteenth St., bet. Noe j
and Sanchez; near two car lines. ;
$12 50 — I ROOMS; nearly new. Douglass and
Twenty- first sts.: Castro cars.
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices In S. F. ;
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W.\ PERKINS, Pres.. 969 Mission St.. SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth withput plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
. up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
. SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking "and Millinery School ;
corset-making taught ; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
Fashionable dressmaker — Miss L. V. Clarke,
1123 Powell; orders promptly attended to.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^AiLD^i~^cllO^£r^F^L^C^R7cA^r^NGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
ness College. 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE-
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; ln-
dorsed by official court reporters.1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc.. with Golden
Gate Commercial College. 530 Golden Gate.?
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st. for their new catalogue; it Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. .mining, mech. , sur-
vey,, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr.lOth:
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme
Carusl. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing'
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.eth.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st S. F.
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue' free. '
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment oSc^JapaneseTchN
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter ;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Erap. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay!
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5183.
EMPLOYMENT IV ANTED FEMALE*.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper by a
widow; good manager, sewer and cook; city
or country. Box 1115, Call.
A DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments to go out by day or take work home.
232 Hyde st. ¦
A YOUNG neat Swedish girl, lately - from
Sweden, wishes to do general housework-
small wages. 513 McAllister' st.
COMPETENT woman; is good cook; will go
short ways in country; will do some wash-
ing; good references. 794 Folsom st.
NEAT, reliable Protestant woman desires light
housework small family; permanent place
Call 1C Diamond st., near Seventeenth.
PLAIN sewing done very neatly; children's
clothes a specialty: prices very reasonable
Call or address MRS. KARSTADT. 40J3
Eighteenth St., near Castro.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third Bt. n»ar Mar-
kct— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable- fr-e
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. , ..
EaiPLOYMENT WANTED MALeT~
WANTED by a practical pickle, catsup, sauce
and condiment processer; Eastern and Cali-
fornian experience; all-round man; can make
his own steam; good references; city or
country. Address W. H., 1729 Eddy st.
EDUCATED, experienced, temperate man
wants pcaition in country as coachman or
handy, useful man about place.- Call or ad-
dress J. WILL, 712 Fourteenth st.
JAPANESE schoolboy. wants situation in good
family; speaks fine English and German; can
cook and do any kind of work. C. B., 12
Sellna place, off California st., near Dupont.
GOOD sober man. capable of handling gang of
men, wishes situation on a ranph. Address
234 Montgomery St., care Roche & Bryan.
YOUNG German with experience desires posi-
tion In a grocery store. C. P., 201 Montgom-
ery ave. . .
WANTED — Position • as cook by a competent
man; good references; country preferred. Ad-
dress box 4889, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Position as bartender, by a compe-
tent, man; country preferred. Address box
4888. Call office, Oakland.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation to do
waiter and housework; speaks English well
C. AOKI. 12 Selina place.
EXPERIENCED wholesale merchandise broker
desires position, office," traveling or salesman.
Address box 1117, Call office.
JAPANESE, good experienced cook, wants sit-
uation In hotel, boarding-house or family.
S. I., 250A O'Farrell st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1090
Valencia st - •
HELrWANTED--«ALE--Coa.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between. the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
. further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
. months ;- constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Experienced male and female cut-
ters for factory, on women's wrappers and
overskirts. Apply box 1116. Call. '
WANTED — Honest, single man with $75. take
cash In restaurant; $40 month and found; no
experience required. BROWN, 1221 Market.
BOOKKEEPER, for mercantile business. Ad-
dress in own handwriting, with references,
stating age and experience, box 1122, Call.
WANTED — An outside salesman for teas and
coffees. 203 Fourth st.
WANTED — An assistant bookkeeper for large
house In the city. Address box 1130, Call.
BOYS wanted to learn good trade. Apply 2440
California st.
CITY traveler with trade among saloons and
grocery stores for cigar line. Box 1119, Call.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY, 241 .3d.
WANTED— Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart St.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet, 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. 'Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third st.
FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113,Willlam st.
$40 — EXPRESS wagon; good condition; a bar-
galn. 417 Folsom st.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET. 721 Howard.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL. 605 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th& Valencia.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND.
SUTTER and Kearny sts; light curly dog;
name Beauty on collar. 206 Kearny st., room
300; reward.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; please return; lib-
. eral reward. MRS. HILL, 507 Leavenworth.
$25 REWARD for return lady's gold watch and
pin, pearls and rubles, lost June -18 down-
town or on way to Mill Valley. Address box
1129, Call office.
LOST — Wednesday, June 18, ladjrts gold watch.
Return to 547 Washington St., from 8 a. m.
to 6 p. m. ; reward.
LOST — Cocker spaniel, worn collar, with Jap-
anese letters and red ribbon. Reward at
1715 Scott st.
LOST — Young long-haired bluish-gray Scotch
sheep dog. Reward If returned to DR. Mc-
NUTT. 1220 Sutter st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, window !
-shades. HOTTER. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt., op. 5th.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladies, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007% Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist: instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement; hours 8 to 5 and 7 to S. 1008%
Market St., opp. Fifth and nr. Powell.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero— Graduate Royal
University: 25 years' experience in midwifery;
takes ladles before and during confinement;
infants adopted; reasonable. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience: private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St., nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital: home for infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st.,nr. Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & W'OLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont St.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. —————
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Dromm.
WANTED — Milch cows, horses, hay, harness
and fittings for livery stable, water pipe and
tanks; will exchange for lots' In seaside re-
sort. 3ox 1144, Call.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
• and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale st.
PIPE — % to 6 in. ; screw, flange or lead Joints
brass and Iron fittings. Thompson, 40 Main.
FOR SALE— Cutting press run by power. Apply
to DONOHUE & KERDELL, 134 Sutter s t .
" ~~™ ~~ "HAMMOCKS "
At half price. 102 Clay st.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, sccond-hani
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds. doorT
and bricks for sale. Valencia st.. cor. ir.th. i
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriter* TaH
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. up fonts'/' j
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried Id -..• — k !
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplle* movli •»"
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl.~*933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DQAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand The vtvtt
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento s"
F ? R r^ d "? aJ l d !2 ac r iner % en Slnes and boilers g 3
to D. J. McMasters. SE. cor. 2d & Brannan?
1^ T ' CL , ASS ,£ d " h x and moder n engines & boilers
bought, sold? Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st?
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving Die"
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
A SECOND-HAND fl^roo7"^a7e^n7lde~^i
outside doors top 24x24 inches and 36 inches
Answer P. O. box 35. Martinez?
BI , G ,, pr J cea pald , for Eea l s »tin coats; also gents"'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Tnln
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for oldTealskins-
send postal: will call. Box 49C0. Call office.'
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st.; tel. Jessie 2851.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL, 817 Market «!
MONEY TO 1.OAJ1'.
HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner bids.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE
....... On first and second mortgages
Life Interests In estates
Property being held In trust
Undivided interests in real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents...........*
Life insurance policies •
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-602 Examiner building
A— -R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rate*.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. ;
On second mortgages. . ,
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate. . .,
On estates in probate. ¦ . '• ,
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS ALL UPRIGHTS.
A Fischer; 3 pedals; mahogany case $1£»
A Vose; 3 pedals; mahogany case -•£•
A Schwechten; walnut case; like new... -•>«
A Steinway; mahogany case; less than... >>W
A Pease; fancy oak case -*»
A Chester; good as new; mahogany l«i>
Easy payments: fully warranted five years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20 O'Farrell.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANT.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 32S Montgomery at..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant art., w*a*
Geary St.: phone Red .1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St.. room 38.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried;
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ;money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on planoa.
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel.Black C263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott bl?.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 28 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prlvat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st or
2d mtgs.,und'vd. interests, estates In probate,
, life ins. policies, etc. Harper. 480 Parrott bd.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; confiden. 935 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.118 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4*.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
THIS is the best time of the year to have
your piano renovated and put in order. We
have the best tuner and repairer In the city,
and a finely equipped shop in which to do
all kinds of repairing and varnishing; first-
class work will be done at reasonable prices.
Have the piano fixed while you are aw.iy on
your vacation. THE ZENO MAUVAIS
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
WISSNER, Baumeister or Stodard pianos ara
our most popular instruments. You can buy
on the payment plan if you wish. THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 760 Market.
ALl> makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Steinway $95 to $2SO
2 Knabe $85 to $110
2 Fischer $75 to $153
1 Bourne $40
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agents Tor
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall, 235-237
Geary st. *
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of priced
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F., Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time-
within two years and full purchase prfes* al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at >egrjlar
price; costs you only 20c a day to br.y a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHA&EJ. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prluet |100
upward; values best In city. PIERCE' 9
PIANO FACTORY, Market, 14th & Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a. son*
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Mark** A
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsom*
upright piano account death. 486 Eddy st.
ON sale — A large Steinway upright; good as
new; must sell. 237 Geary st.
$3 PER month — Best renting plaa«a fn ¦<*&/.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes A
$160 — ALMOST new 3- pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St. —
Steck, Everett, Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue, S250. Bruenn,2081'ii«t.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Pnaf st. ; SUA 7JI Jf
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. ~JSU
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Lqtham plac*.
OFFICES^ AND STORES TO LET.
STORE, 2103 Howard, well adapted for~brrfher
shop; rent cheap. MADISON & BUR&S
LARGE store with high basement, fronting vi
2 sts.r below Kearny st. 636 Clay st. room 1.
palmistry!
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD~reads^ ftiTT 700
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 513
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black' 5fil.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation; no detention from business; alt
private diseases treated successfully: consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld,6Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Eall. 1073% Market.
PERSONALS.
WANraD^A"toasi''ThT^eattle ir Br«wlns and
Malting Co., makers of Rainier beer, want an
original toast for the back of a snappy ad-
vertising folder; must be short and to the
point. A prize at $25 will be paid for the
best one sent in before July 15. Contest fre»
to all. Send your name and address with
every toast to White Advertising Bureau,
Seattle. Wash. t
IT is not claimed that Viavl can cure the In-
curable, but thousands of women who had
given up all hope of ever obtaining relief
liave been restored to health and strength by
the Viavi treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Viavi Co., 2304
Van Ness ave.. San Francisco; tel. East 282.
IF your hair Is falling, send for DR. G. 3.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to^atop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive'
cure for eczema: preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
ot pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ments $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you think? O., BERMAN. 4)*
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
A FULL line of switches, wigs and front pieces;
halrdressing. any style, 25c. G. LEDERER.
123 Stocktor; at.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug di«-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S39 Polk st.. S. F.; consultation free.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter »Uttuslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Wall
fctnd, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50:
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 20C0 lbs and $S 50
icr ton. act rdlng to brand.
Harrison's coal circular says: "During th»
week there has been one coal arrival from Ore
gon, 400 tons; two from Washington. 7050 tons;
one from Austral a (Newcastle), 1290 tons; one
from British Cuiumb'a. 2350 tons; total. 11.000
tens. This is the smallest amount of coal that
tha writer remembers to have come to hand
in any' s.ngle week. The coal market ¦ is pro
nouncedly showing the inroads that are being
made into Its consumption by oil. Of course
it Is a very marked advantage to all con
sumers of steam fuel t- b=— n»bl>1 to pui
chase their power at a great reduction on the
prices of former years. -The-p.lcea now ruling
for coal are also very materially reduced. The
best Australian coals were sell.ng two years
ago at fully $2 per ton more than is being
offered to-day. This Is a large shrinkage and
is caused principally by the Influx of oil. Low
priced oil enables the gas companies to pro
duce cheap gas for stoves and grates: this
precludes th° Wellington Company from chang
ing Its present pr'ce, unless It would be a fur
ther reduction. It Is questionable If the prices
Continued From. Page Eleven.
OMki-KCIAL wEWS
OCEAN STEAMER
BROWHF.AD — Passed June 21— Stmr Etru
rla, from New York, for Queenstown and Liv
erpool.
TACOMA — Arrived June 20 — U S revenue
cutter Grant, from cruise; schr Endeavor, front
San Francisco: stmr Farallon, from Alaska.
Sailed June 20— Stmr Ouosn, for Seattle; achr
Otella Padersen. for Wnateom.
PORTLAND — Arrived June 20 — Stmr Geo W
Elder, from San Francisco; schr Ariel, from
Honolulu. •
Stmr Nome City Dassed June 3 stmr Port
land off Car>e Prince of Wales, bound north,
in the ice. Nome City found In Ice from May
to June 3. Barely escaped, being carried . In
Arctic off Dlamedes. No damage to stmr Port
land when 5r>oken.
Sailed May 9 — U S stmr ThetU, to search for
stmr Portland. May 9, atmr Dora, for St
Michael.
The stmr Nome City reports the following
arrivals at Nome — May 2, stmr Elk; May 4,
stmr Nome City; May 7, U S stmr Thetis;
May 9, stmr Dora.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed June 20— Br
stmr Caithness, f or. Buenos Ayres.
Arrived June 20 — Schr Robert Searles. from
Pprt Ltidlow.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Jun« 20— Ital
ship Canara, for Cape Town.
Arrived June 20 — Br stmr Caithness, from
Port Blakeley, ¦ for Buenos Ayres.
SEATTLE — Arrived June 20 — Stmr Nome
City, from Nome: *>tmr Rainier, ; from San
Francisco: stmr Bcnlta. hence Juna 14.
Sailed June 20^ — Stmr Farallon. for Skas
way.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Friday, June 20.
Stmr South Coast, Jamleson, 59 hours from
Tlllamook.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, j
W R Wlnn, Log Angels N Rasson. Pa
Jna' P Bleeck, Boston R Rapson, P» —
J D Jackson&w, Tex Amos Klein & w Or
Mrs A L Adams. Tex A E RaDson. Pa
Miss A Lounett, Texas ' Thomas Conway Cal
Mrs D L Rice. Texas Geo A Fuller, Los A
Miss Meta Hoburg, Ter 1 1 E Lequln, Whittter
H H Jenness, Sausalito IR Armltage, Whtttler,
C E Remington, Can 1 F E Crane, Whittter
L. B Hlpgins, Salinas R B Lauer & w. Los A
E Powell, Los Angeles \C E Hafford, Phoenix
P Johnson, Los Ang W E Warren, Chicago
J Greenwood, Jackson Will . Campbell&w, Cal
Mark Pardln. Bodle J Parkes and wife. Cal
Frank Powell, Dansvle ; E F Young, Pso Robla
W J Tloton, Mo RC Sunsly & w. 111
E W Ecker. San Dleeo W Woodbrlght&w. Cal
Mrs P G Barnett. Okla I O Noblea. Ohio
Mrs S Beaudy, S Rosa.) A Reltor&w.St Loula
Joseph Lappman, Conn jouls Gabrig, Minn
Mrs B F Parker & son Rudolph Peterson.Minn
Des Molnea, Iowa Mrs Mlllln & child, S D
W H Adams&fam, Cal
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
A brush fire on the sand dunes tn front
of the Affiliated Colleges yesterday after
noon caused some little uneasiness among
the residents of that district. The fire
gained considerable headway and for a
time looked as though it would result in
the burning of some of the neighboring
residences. The fire was extinguished by
the fire department before- any damage
was caused.
Brush Fire Near Colleges.
Same to Sarah Sloss (wife), same interest
in property as. in deed Gerstle to Sloss; also
'same interest In property as- In deed Sloss to
Gerstle; 1 also lot on NE corner of Pine street
and Van Ness avenue, N 103:1% by E 137:6;
gift.
Builders' Contracts.
Fred O. and ' Ellsabetha Zaehoreck (owners)
with William Peacock (contractor), architect
none — AH work for a two-story : frame bu ld-
Irg on W line of Ninth • avenue, 250 S of K
street; W 120 by S 25: $2300.
¦ Otto F. Grundel (owner) with G. G. Gillespie
(contractor), architects Salfleld & Koh'.berg —
•All work for alteration of on old residence
Into two flats with basement and attic on S
line of Eddy street. 100 W of Dsvisadero. W
27 by S 102:6; $6100.
Lorenz A. Weber ¦ (owner) with Robert Trost
(contractor), architects same — All work for a
thr«M-#tory • frame j building (three flats) on SE
line of Bryant street, 100 SW of Fourth, SW
25 by SE S5; $0046; •¦;--
Louis Sloss to Louis Gerstle. undivided one
quarter of lot on SE corner of Halleck and San
some streets, S 34. E 45. S 20. E 2J:8, N 54.
W 68:8; also undivided one-half of lot on
W line of Battery street, 32 :2 S of Bush, S
30:7, \V 137:6, N 30:7. E 137:6; also undivided
one-half of lot on SW corner of Taylor and
Jefferson streets, W 137:6 by S 137:6, quitclaim
deed; $1. .
Lbwls Gerstle to Louis Sl^ss, undivided one
half of lollowing propuny: Lot 3, block 1, lots
11 to 13, block ur lota 10 to 12, block 15, lots 1
to 7. block 19, lot 12, block 21, and lot 5, block
25, Paul Tyict Homestead Association; also
undivided one-halt of lot on W line 01 Battery
street, C2:9 S of Bush, S 30:9 by W 137:6;
also undivided one-third of the following prop
erty: lot on NW. corner of Fifth avenue and
H street, NE 2C0.NW 4S0:l%. SW 16:8%, SB
153:9, SE 77:1%, SE 33:7, entire block 77. tide
lands; also lot on NW corner of .India and Ma
nila (Fourth avenue) streets, N 2C0:5%, NW
307:1, SW 7, SE lQ&S'/Jti S 83:0%, SW 55:2.
SW 80:0%, SE to beginning, entire block 62,
same; also lot on NY. c raer 01 Venezuela
(Sixth avenue)' and Penobscot (H) streets, NE
2C0 NW 152:3, SW 28:5%, SE S3:7, SW
121:10%. SW 21:2, SE 55:9, entire block 101,
same; also lot on SE corner of Manila (Fourth
avenue) and Potomac (R) streets, SW.<200 by
SE 6C0. block 85, same; also lot on E corner of
Montenegro (Third avenue) and Osage \ (I)
streets. NE 200, SE 163:5%, S 2C0:6, NW 330:4,
lots 9 to 18, block 42, ¦ same; also lot on NE
line of Ninth street, 137:6 NW of Brannan, NW
137:6 by NE 276, quitclaim deed: $1.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to B. Co
hen, lot on NE corner of Wheat street and
Salinas avenue, N 1C0 by E 1U>, lots 45 to 48,
bi<;ck 5, Garden Tract Homestead; $10.
Helen L. Jotdau to Jumna C, ! Jordan, all
property and claims against grantee; $10.
L. G. Harrier to Jessie V. Harrier, lot on W
line of Thirty-eighth avenue, N of T street,
N 125 by \V 120: $10.
Kate S. Hart to Fred W. Bridge, lot on NE
corner of Thirty-fitth avenue and S street, N
10O by E Hit. quitclaim deed; $10.
Provident Mutual Loan Association to Wil
llan Nicol Company (a corporation) lot on E
line of Twenty-third avenue, 175 N of N street,
N 50 by E 120; $150.
Samuel Epstein to same, same, quitclaim
deed;. $10.
Estate Adolph Sutro (by-Emma L. Merriti
and W. R. H. Adamson, executors) to P. E.
Towne, lot on E l.ne ot Forty-seventh avenue,
125 N of Fuiton (U) street, N 50 by E 120;
$1000. ¦
P. E. Towne to Commercial Pacific Cable
Company, same; $10. , .
Marguerite F. Morrissey to Michael Conley,
life estate in lot on W. lino of Third avenue,
aii5 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by.W 120;
Sift-
Michael Conlty to Marguerite F. Morrissey,
lot on W line of Third avenue, 325 N of Point
Lobes avenue, N 25 by W 120; gift.
M&tthias (01 iiattheas) Cuddy to George W.
Frink, lot on E l.ne of .De Haro street, tti:8
N of Twenty-lifth (Yolo), N 06:8 by E 100,
quitclaim deed; $2.
George W. and Minerva K. Frink to Peter
Rabmussen, same; $10. •
Lazard (or La'zar) Lion to William Mat
thews, rerecord 1!>41 D. 341, lot on NE line of
Eighth street, 155 SE of Folsom, SE 30 by
NE 120. quiiciiim deed; $1.
Estate Br.dget Parker (incompetent) (by Pat
rick Slamon, guardian) to John J. and Rose
Coffey, lot on NW line of Hunt street, 120 NE
of Ih.rd, NW 55 by NE 20; $1850.
Chants R. Bisnop to Herbert E. Law, lot
on E corner of Howard and Hawthorne (Hub
psuO streets. NK 7J:6, SE S.V.6. NE 33, SE,
IW:3. SW 112:0, N\v 112:9; $10.
California Title Insurance, and. Trust Com
pany to Albert Wehrli, lot on SE line of South
Park, 122 SW of Second street, SW 130, SW
21, NW 112:7%, NE to beginn.ng; $10,
Pacific States Savings, Loan and Building
Company lo Thomas H. and Susan Marks, lot
on N line of Elizabeth street, 125 E of Dia
moid. E 50 by N 114; $5500. •
Jeremiah Hurley to Susan B. Tremlett, (lot
on S ime of Clay street, 162:6 E of Larkln,
E 25 by S 137:6; $10.
H. H. and LyiWii F. Luse to Bertha Luse, lot
on SW line of Essex street, 107 SB of Fol
som, SE 25 by SW S7:6; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Joseph
B. Ryan, lot on N line of Nineteenth street,
72 :G W of Capp, W 50 by N 60; $ .
Elizabeth H. and John .Stevens i»to James
Lypg, lot on N line of Hayes street, 165 E of
F.limore, E 27:0 by N 137:6; $10.
John G. W. Schulte and Charles Alpera
(trustees German. a Savings and Building
Union) to Jennie Baker (wife of William H.).
lot on E line of Kiiimore street, 110 8 of
Haight." S 26 by E »0:6, quitclaim deed; $10.
Louis Sloss to Sarah Slo«s (wife), lot on N
line of Pine street, 137:C E of Van Ness avt
nue, E 63 by N 137:6; lot on S line of Pine
Street, 140:5 W of Polk, W 25 by S 120; gift.
Jane A. Brickwedel to Jennie Baker, lot on
E line of Fulmore street, 137:6 N of Waller,
N 20 by E 00:0; $10.
FRIDAY, June 21.
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FR1PAT, June 20—2 p. m.
- UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
is qr.coup..ll0%lll% Us qrcp(new)135Vil3a
ts qr re« 100% 110% I !» qr coup... 107 107^4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — Oak W G 5a.l03%105
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — Oceanic S 5s. 97% —
C C G&B 5s.l05%106% Dmntbus 6a.. — 129
Cal-st 53 119 — Pac G Im 4s. 98% —
C Costa 5s... — 111% Pk & C H6s.lQ7%UO.
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk & O R63. — 125
Fer&C H 8s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s.. — — 3ae EGR 5s. 101 103
H C&S 5%s.lO2 — SF & SJV5S.122 123
Do 5a — — Sierra. Cal 6s. — 115
L, Ans R 5s.ll8^119% S P of A 6s.
L A L. Co 6s.lO3% — (1909) 114 —
Do gtd 6s — — (1910) U5 *—
Do gtd 53.104 — S P of C 6s.
L A & P Ss.103 — (19O5)Sr A.106% —
Do lem 5s-104?4 — (19O5)Sr B-107% —
Mkt-st C 6s. — 128% (1906) — —
Do lem 53.120 111% (1912J 120% —
N R of C 6s.ll2% — S P ot C 1st
Do 5s. 121% — c gntd 5a. — —
N Pap C Rs.llO — Do stmpd..H0 111
NCR 5s... .112H — S P BrCal6s.l40 141
N S R R 5s.l01 102 3 V Wat fls.111%113
Oak Gas 5s.ll2 — Do 4a 2dm.lO2% —
Oak Trn 6s. .125 — Do 4s 3dm.l01S102>;
Do 1st c5s. — 115 Stkn G&E 6».100%101%
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75 — • Port Costa. . 63% 60
Marin Co ... 59 — Spring Val.. 80S —
i GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L. & P. 3 — Pac t. Co... — 80
EqtGLCo. 3 — Sac E GAR. 39 —
Mutual EL. 4% 5% S F G & E. 44% 44H
O G L & H. 61% 62 IS F G L Co. Bft Sft
Pac O Imp. — 40 'Stkn G * E. 8 <—
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — — •
BANKS,
Am B & T.112% — First Nation! — —
Anglo-Cal ..88 90 LP&A 16S%170
Bank of Cal.445 — Mer Ex (liq) 28 —
Cal Safe Dp.122% — S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 39O
Mutual Sav. 80 — / Union Trst.lS3Q —
S F Sav U..530 — /
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — -Market 89%101
Geary ......— — IPresidlo 3» —
POWDER.
Giant 69% 70 /VigorU 3% &\
SUGAR.
Hana 3% * [Kilauea — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 Illakawell ... 23 —
Honokaa ... 10% 12 Onomea 24 24 J4
Hutchlnson . 12 12%[paauhau ... 11% 13
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.157%159 Pac A F A. 2% —
?al Fruit As. 96%10O Pac C Borx.165 —
?al Wine As. 90^100^ Par Paint... 25 -— ''.
i Oceanic S Co — 25
Morning Session.
Street— ¦
40 California U'ina Association.... 100 00
100 Equitable Gas ..,,, 0 25
Afternoon Session.
Board—
20 California Wine Association... .100 00
5 Honokaa S Co 10 73 -
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 12%
5 Spring Valley Water 99 50
5 Spring Valley Water 89 «2%
S10.QCQ U S 3 per cent Bonds (coupon) . 107 00
Street—
$5,000 Nor Shore 5 per cent 101 00
£<i,(jCO Oakland Water 5 per cent 101 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board —
! 10<)0- Reed Crude 3t
500 Sovereign 23
• _-; Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 California-Standard 17
< The following were the sales on the Saa
Francisco Stock 'and Exchange Board yesttr-
I ' Morning Session.
500 Alta 06, 2C0 Con Cal ft Va.1 30
200 Best & Belch. 10 23C0 Justice 07
200 Caledonia ... 85 ; 5CO Potosl ... 20
200 Chollar 08 SOO Yellow Jacket 12
Afternoon
100 Caledonia ... 81 400 Seg Belcher.. 08
500 Overman .... 31; 10O Union Con ... IS
400 Potosi 19
The ' f ollowinsr were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday;
Mornlns Session.
100 Caledonia ... 86 200 Overman .... 30
500 Caledonia ..; 85 4iO Overman ..... 31
100 Mexican 41 1 200 Sliver Hill ... 4S
Afternoon Session.
20O Best & Belch. 11 200 Savage ' OS
200 Con Cal 4: V.l":S0I SCO Seg Belcher .. 07
60 Hale & Nor. . 40'. 300 Union Con ... 18
300 Overman 30 j 200 Yellow Jacket 12
100 Potosl 19'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
! FRIDAY, June 20 — I p. m.
Bid. Ask.: Bid. Aak.
Alpha ... — C3 Justice .. 07 08
Alta 05 07 Kentuck .... 01 02
Andes 05 06 Lady Wash . . 04
Belcher 11 IS Mexican 40 42
Best & Belch. 11 12 Occidental ... 15 18
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 110 115
Caledonia ... 80 81 Overman .... 30 31
Challenge Con 11 13 Potosl 19 20
Chollar OS 10 Savage 07 0*
Confidence ... 51 5.1S>'rpton — 04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35 Seg Belcher.. 06 07
Con ImDerial. — 01 Pierra Nev... 12 1.1
Cou New Yrk — 02 Fllver Hill ... 40 48
Cr-wn Print .02 C3 St. Louis .... — 06
Eureka Con . IS —Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer... 01. 02 T'nlon Con ... 17 IS
Gould & Cury 05 oe Utah ........ 08 07
Hale & Nor.. '40 42, Yellow Jacket 13 13
juiia. — Qtrjmamammaamammd
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE,
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 20.— President
Roosevelt has accepted the invitation oif
the Commercial Club and will visit Kan
sas City either September 29 or 30. It is
Intended, if the President's stay will per
mit, to hold a public levee in Convention
Hall, to have a military display and lator
an elaborate banquet in the Auditorium.
Roosevelt to Visit Kansas City.
The market for local stocks and bonds was
never duller than at present. There Is practi
cally no trading.
The Chollar Mining Company is assessed 5c
per share.
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Ontario Silver Mining Company of Utah. 30c
per share; Spring Valley Water Co.. regular
monthly, 42c per share, amounting to 138,800;
California Fruit Canners 1 Association, regular
monthly, 60c per share, amounting to $17,
1096o; The Hom-J Oil Company paid a dividend
of 7%c per share, amounting to $7500; Cali
fornia Powder Company, ?l.
The Mutual Savings Bank of San Francisco
haa declared a semi-annual dividend at the
rate of 3 per cent per annum on all deposits,
payable July 1.
The Nevada County Bank of Grass Valley
and Nevada City has declared a semi-annual
dividend to depositors in its savings depart
ment at the rate of 3Vi per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, payable July 1.
The Pacific Coast Borax Company has de
clared a regular monthly dividend of $1 per
share, payable June 28.
The Homestake Mining Company of Stuth
Dakota will pay a regular monthly dividend of
25c per share, amounting to $52,500, and an
extra dividend of the same rate and amount on
June 25.
The following Quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. De Ruyttr &
Co.: Common stock. $23 62U<&23 73; preferred.
$63 50@64; bonds. $91 50@92 60; subscriptions,
$101 37Vi@102 12Vi.
STOCK MARKET.
Emperor William concluded with call
ing for three cheers for Aix-la-Chapelle.
This Justifies me In saying that our two great
creeds must, while living side by side, keep In
view their one great aim — to uphold and
strengthen the fear ot God and reverence for
religion. Whether we are moderns or whether
we labor in this or that field does not matter
at all. He who does not found his life on re
ligion is a lost man. I rejoice that I have
placed my, whole empire, my people and my
army, as well as myself and my house, be
neath the. cross and under the protection of him
who said: "Heaven nnd earth shall pass away,
but my word shall not pass away."
What, however, his poweuul personality was
able to effect, namely, combining the oiHce of
a Homan Emperor with that oi a Germanic
King, was denied his successors, who, striving
to hold the world-wide lmpenum, lorgot the
cause of Germania so that little by little the
German land and people decayed and the Ro
man Empire of . German nationality fell to
pieces.
Now, however, another empire has come to
life, and its tasks are different from those of
ancient days. Confined in their outward limits
to the borders of their country, the Germans
have settled down to the work which has lallen
upon them. In these days the young empire Is
strengthening itselt and confidence In It is ever
Increasing. The mighty German army consti
tutes the support or the peace of Europe. In
contormity with the character of their race, the
Germans have kept themselves within bounds.
Our tongue is passing beyond the seas. Every
thought of science Is first turned to account by
us, to be afterward adejj^ted by other nations.
This Is the world-wide imperium after which
Germanic genius strives.
But It must not be lorgotten that the empire
was rooted in simplicity and fear of God. I
look to all to help me spread religion among the
people in order that the German name may
preserve its health and strength. This applies
equally to the, two creeds. Catholic and
Protestant. It is with pride and joy that I am
able to tell that the Pope said to my. special
embassador who went to Rome on the occasion
of the Holy Father's jubilee, that he had al
ways- kept a high opinion of the piety of the
Germans and their Emperor and of that of the
German' army. The Pope asked my embassa
dor to tell his sovereign that the country In
Europe where control, order and discipline still
prevailed with' respect for authority and regard
for the church, and where the church could live,
was the German Empire, and for that the Pa
pal See was Indebted to the German Emperor.
AIX-LA-CHAPEL.LE, Prussia, June
20.— A striking, speech on religion was de
livered by Emperor William at' the City
Hall here yesterday after his arrival
from Berlin, accompanied by the Empress
and the Crown Pnnce Frederick William.
After observing that the city was typi
cal of the German empire, Charlemagne,
on whom Rome conferred the dignity of a
Roman Caesar, having fixed the seat of
government there, the Emperor said:
The number of children under 17 years of age
Is 103.911, an increase of 399 for the year.
The census marshals discovered a loss of near
ly 700 children In the Potrero district, caused
by the leaving of families. While the number
of hotels and flats have increased in the cen
tral and western sections of the city and are
well occupied, indicating an Increase In our
population, but few children were found In
them. -Prom the facts conveyed by this school
census, the population of the city can be safe
ly estimated at 3«$.neo.
It Is gratifying to note that the enrollment
Of pupils In the public schools Increased 1792,
and that the number of children not attending
school, public or private, decreased 1200. The
number of such children is returned as 19,434.
The minimum legal age for school attendance
is 6 years. There are about 3000 children be
tween the ages of 5 and 6, hence we can as
sume that in this city and county about 16,000
children of school age attended no school dur
ing the last year. Conclusions must not be
drawn that this number of children are being
reared as illiterate. It is safe to claim that
the large majority either have attended or will
attend school before attaining the age of 17.
Statistics compiled In large cities demon
strate the fact that the average school life of
a child is six years, and that about 60 per cent
of children of school age are in daily, attend
ance at school. San Francisco makes a good
exhibit in this particular, 64 per cent of chil
dren of school age having been In daily attend
ance at schools, public or private. Neverthe
less there is a large number of schlldren who
are being reared with meager or no schooling,
a fact that emphasizes the need of an effective
compulsory educational law, parental or truant
schools and enlarged school accommodations.
Greater exertions must be made and greater
means secured to prevent any child from fall
ing to secure that discipline, education and
knowledge which our schools afford.
The school census for fiscal year terminating
June 30, 1902, shows a slight increase in ' im
portant figures over that of 1901. The appor
tionment of the State school fund to counties
is based on the number 'of children between
the ages of 5 and 17 years. The number of
such children is found to be 82,391, an increase
of 218.
INCREASE IN ENROLLMENT.
The following statement of Superintend
ent Webster accompanies the report:
Nativity of children — Native born, 103,640;
foreign born, 2271; total, 105,911; school census
1901. 105,512; total increase of children under
17 years of ace. 399.
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have not attended school at any
time during the year, 19,434; school census 1901,
20,634; decrease, 1200.
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have attended private schools, but
no public schools at any time during the year,
10,212; school census 1901. 10,060; decrease, 374.
Number of children between 5 and 17 years
of age who have attended public schools at any'
time during the school year, 52,745; school
census 1901, 50,953; increase, 1792.
Number of children under 5 years of age —
White. 22.874; negro. 68; Mongolian. 578; total.
23,520; school census 1901. 23,339; increase, 181.
CHILDREN UNDER FIVE.
Total number of census children between 5
and 17 years of age, 82,391; school census 1901,
52,173; increase. 218.
Native born Mongolians between 5 and 17
years of age— Boys. 1301; girls. 1004; total,
2305; school census 1901, 2031; Increase, 274.
Number of white children between 5 and 17
years of age— Boys, 40,«ltt; girls, 30,820; total,
79,836; school census 1001. 7i»,8&4; decrease. 68.
Number of negro children between 6 and 17
years of age— Boys. 140 i girls. 110; total. 250;
school census 1901, 248; increase, 2.
Superintendent of Schools "Webster filed
v/ith the Board of Supervisors yesterday
hJs report on the school census, as enu
merated by Chief Census Marshal ' Baus
niann. The number of children of school
age is found to be 82,391. an increase of
21b over last year. The population of the
city is estimated to be 363,000. Following
is a. resume of the census:
German Monarch Urges a
Union oi Effort by Ail
v Creeds.
Estimates the Popu ation oi
San Bran cisco to Be
363,000.
William II Mik^s Not
abie Reference to
. Religion.
Superintendent Webster
Finds a Very Large
Enrollment.
KAISER LAUDS
THE CHURCHES
SCHOOL CENSUS
SHOWS INCREASE
this year for Australian coals will be repeated
next year, as the inclement weather there this
season has given the farmers almost nothing
to export. The coal strike East will not ma
terially affect this market, except for Importa
tions of Cumberland and anthracite, which
doubtless will be somewhat Increased in price
locally.
OIL— California Castor Oil. to cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil. to barrels, boiled,
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 5o more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. $1; cases, $1 05;
China Nut. 67%@68c per gallon; pure Neata
foot. in barrels. 70c; eases. 75c: Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon: Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c; cases. 47V4c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
C8V6c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water "White Coal Oil. to bulk.
13y J ei4c;- Pearl OU, to cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
?2c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c- to
cases, 21c: 86-degree Gasoline, to bulk. 20c; la
cases, 2BVic.
TURPENTINE — 71c per gallon In cases and
65c in drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, to 100-Ib
bags: Cubes A. Crushed "and Fine Crushed.
4.5Cc; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4,25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (10O-lb baga only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, • 3.85c;
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "J>." 3.56c;
barrels. 10c more;- half-barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; CO-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxe*. So
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce. *
FOR FRIDAY. JUNE 20.
Flour, qr ska.. 21.308 Middlings, sks.. 342
vv heat, ctls . . . 1,040 Tallow, ctla . . . 230
Barley, ctls ... 3.085 Pelts, bdls 428
Oats, ctls . 1.5C0 Hides. No 394
Corn M'l (East.) 1.200 Quicksilver, flks 35
£ ye . ctls 030 Leather, rolls... 51
Potatoes, sks .. 2,143! Wine, gals 51.800
Onions, sks ... 423 ' Lime. bdU ..... 384
Bran, sks 1,540 Chicory, bbls .. 50
Feed, sks .. 125 Paper, car 1
Wool, bales ... 103 Sugar, ctls .... 1,760
Kay. tons ..... 440
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks.. 81t5|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902.
13
'. Funeral , rooms — 120 . Golden Gate ave ;' tele-
phone South 034.
Oakland' office— >1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 701. !
Main office at cemetery. Point Lobos ave.
¦ San . Francisco; telephone West 806. V
-. Prices of cremation — Adults over 15 years
of age, $25; •children under 15 . years of age,
$15. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. ' GEO. T. BOHEN, Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON." Sec. • '
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY).
The Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association.
PERSONALS — Continued.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary st.. S.F.
XOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods J
W. EVANS. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth. "
I? l<"ss lhan cost > uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
taiier. 721 Market Et.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st., near Pine.
FINK SUITS. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT •
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery et.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 2(> O'FarrelL
ACT1NA restores the eyes ar.d ears to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 7G3 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook, 426 Sutter.
KlFTURE cured; no operation, pain or loet
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure, 26^ Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 259.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN, North Milwaukee. Wis.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
IR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT the
best corn cure, 25c: all druggists.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
FOr"saLE BY THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
Real Estate Agents. 5 Montgomery street.
A FEW CHOICE INVESTMENTS.
$CO,000 — A fine large corner cn Mason eL» in a
district Uiat is being much sought
after and is rapidly increasins in
value; this corner is at present cov-
ered by old Improvements which could
be remodeled or a new building built
and rents would be materially in-
creased ; a fine corner for a large hctel.
?o5,000 — Mission st.. over 40 feet front by a
good depth, with old improvements; In
one of the most rapidly improving
business districts in tie city; this lot
is surrounded by large and permanent
improvements; a fine 6-story brick
building built on this block would
make this a particularly choice in-
vestment.
$45,000 — Corner on Market «t., with a deptli on
another main street running back to
a rear street; has frontage on three
streets ; within three blocks of a com-
ing center on Market st. ; business and
travel on Market Et. rapidly moving
and becoming permanent in this dis-
trict; present rents $135, but could be
materially increased.
$37,500 — Van Ness ave. corner; has 3 good
bouses on it. but lot can be used to
better advantage; an unexcelled site
for firet-class private hotel or apart-
ment house; has 150 fe«>t frontage on
two streets on a northeast corner,
thereby insuring sun in almost every
room If new building were built. A
fine buy for both present and future.
$27,500 — Polk-st. corner, 50 vara; vacant; a
row of two cr three story flats could
be built on this corner and pay re-
markably well, as the location is very
convenient to town and car lines:
flats on this lot would keep rented
steadily, sjs tenants can walk down-
town or deal on Polk or Larkln sts.
without paying carfare.
$20,250 — Leaven worth -st. flats; very close to
town; tenants can reach best business
portion of town without paying car-
fare; two good building in six fiats;
brings in over $135 a month; a fine
buy.
$20,000 — Polk et.; in business portion; good 3-
Etory and basement brick building,
with store below and two flats abo*e;
always keeps rented; rents now $110
a month.
SIS.OOO — Oak-st. corner In good portion; eplen-
did cite for a fine row of flats: lot
ready to build on; street work on both
streets already done; electric cars
passing, transferring to almost any
portion of the city.
• L. COOKE.. 26 Montgomery «t..J. I* COOKE
San Francisco
— Great Bargains. Oakland and Alamed*...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds.
Great opportunity.
Secure a borne.
Special Bargains Specia Bargalci
t»o not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap. V
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home
Don't forget to call on or
address J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery tt.. San Francisco.
Cut this cat and save address.
OWNERS of property north of Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to the Pre-
sidio line who wish to eell call on the under-
signed: a moderate-priced residence wanted
to purchase; two cheap residences of 5 to 6
rooms each and vacant lots In the district
named wanted to purchase. W. J. GUNN 530
California st. (Savings Union b!dg.), between
Montgomery end Kearr.y.
VALLEJO. 1714, near Gough — Modern detached
dwelling: marine view; sun in every room;
5 large bedrooms; saloon parlors; will suit
any family wanting a choice house. Apply
E. W. HAWKINS. 11 Montgomery.
CORNER Pacific aad Mason; floor of 7 rooms
and bath; all front rooms: two toilets; % mod-
ern plumbing; rent $35. BURNHAM &
MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery st.
YOU will never eecun? a euburbac borne la
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa ct.. Ocean View.
LOT, cor. King and Prince s-ts.. 80x120; cheap
Call at 506 Castro St.. S. F.
REAL ESTATE: — COINTKV — For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves.;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from s- ration ; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which is in r-
ehaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit n»xt year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at $2000; agricultural Implements
and tools, fruit bores, drying trays, wagons,
ttc., included.
The residence is one-story, contains 0
rooms, la perfect condition, modern finish;
pood stable, tank-house, tank, etc.; good
well ¦water; ornamental trees, lawn and
lowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; price S16.0O0.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO..
34 West Santa Clara et.. San Jose.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCC*
Email tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rcncho
CoulU, Sonoma Co.. future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
test for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California et.. for
pamphlet and Informs tica.
A£K for our list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg..
6an Francisco.
BARGAIN — For eale or rent, 4% acres near
San Mateo: level; Improvements; good soil.
HUSING. San Mateo. or C34 Market 6t.
A bargain — 10-acre country home nr. Martinez.
Contra Coeta Co. Ad. H. C. RAAP. Martinez.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EHMONS & SON. Mills t>!dgr.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
Write Wells, Saunder* & Co., Petaluma. for
list of Vf.rrairic In fruit and chicken ranches.
REAL. ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR eale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 r,t the finest ranrhea In Ponoma Valley.
Afle. n. Oark. Ac-na Calient*. S"«r.ma Val!«-r.
SEWING MACHIMZS AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold rented, exchanged; re-
palrtng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 2C5 4th.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
ETOP PA YINGliENT.
OWN YOUR OWN HOME
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
vhere you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan oJIered by the Berkeley
- Equitable Building Association is the easiest
end best j>lan ever introduced to the public.
See our tables and convince yourself; cnly $8
pc-r month pays for your home; no Interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place. Berkeley.
Dratch office Lorin P. O.. and room 39. Ne-
vada block. £an Francisco. W. C. MOHAN.
secretary end manager. Agents wanted.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkelr-y Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
FURNISHED or unfurnished euite housekeep-
ing rooms; 3 ,£ block frcm U. C. 2229 Chapel.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
REAL ESTATE. '
FOR sale, rent or exchange — An elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
flOOO 1 " l0t: t>€St locallty: a sreat bargain;
Must be «5old; a large S-room house; lot 60x
150; near Chestnut-st. station. See the above
tril-5 eek .:~* Appl3r A.LAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park Et., Alameda.
OJ £ E of the finest homes in Alameda at a
bargain; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors' Agency. 137 Montgomery St.. S. F.
AL.AMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board: 2 min-
S w W Morton sta., N. G., or Grand-st.
ft.. B. G. 1541 Central ave.. Alameda.
AKLANft. ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
*5750— CASH VALUE $S00O~ '
House of 9 rooms, bath and f::rnace; every-
tn.ng m the latest and best sanitary condi-
tion; nice large barn; lot 75xl2c; situated In
Linda vista Terrace and surrounded by ele-
gant homes; owner cannot occupy the prem-
if.es and to prefers to sell rather than rent.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$4750— COST TO DUPLICATE $5500.
Location. 20th and Webster sts.; new Col- |
onial 7-room house; open and nickel plumb-
ing; everything first-class In finish and con-
struction; sunny; only 3 minutes' walk to
the business center; seeing is believing: call I
early. J. s. Myers. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
?200O— CASH VALUE f3500.
House is new, 2 story; 3 rooms downstairs
and 2 rooms upstairs; all modern conveni-
ences; lot (note size) 60x135; chicken yards
and outhouses; everything in first-class or-
der; terms only $G00 cash; first come first !
served; must be sold; positively no reserve, j
J. S. MYERS, 1002 Broadway. Oakland. 1
$2250 — COZY cottage of 5 rooms, bath, folding j
doors, mantel, etc.; all newly papered; in the
immediate vicinity of 18th and West sts.;
choice central location; within walking dis-
tance of trains and center of town; well rent-
ed now; monthly installments if desired; dis-
count for all cash; immediate sale wanted, as
owner is going away; investigate at once.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND COTTAGES. ™
FOR rent — Furnished cottage of 6 rooms, com-
plete. Apply to Charles Adams & Co., resi-
dent agents. Bay Ptfttirn. Alameda, Cal. ¦
OAKLAND Fln.u>tuc FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good ar.a cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh at.. Oakland.
ROOMS FORHOCSEKEEPISG.^
1 A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
I guna sts.
1 MISSION, 945 — Front room, bedroom and
kitchen complete for housekeeping.
j NINETEENTH. 3429— Nice sunny suite on first
floor.
I OCTAVIA, 1303. cor. Geary — Nice sunny bay-
: window front parlor, kitchen, gas stove; »13.
! PINE, 655 — Single and connecting furnished or
unfurnished housekeeping; reasonable.
I STOCKTON, 1206— Model ' house; newly fur-
niEhed; tree gas; housekeeping; $5 to $10;
! sunny; bath. \ ,.<v
i TURK. 543 — Large frout room: use of kitchen;
gas stove; bath; laundry; $13. j
VALENCIA, 822 — Two sunny suites for house-
keeping; electric lights; bath.
i ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unturn.
ANGELUS NOW OPEN
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
; Stockton st., bet. Bush and Pine.
( ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister — New. elegant.
i "sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
I A— BRUNSWICK House; 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 P r r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market Et. (or No. 1
Fifth et.); rooms 25c. 60c. $1, $1 50 night,
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open a'.l night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month;, bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nished rnu., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 912, has changed hands; large sunny
furnished or unfurnished rooms for gentle-
men; all modern conveniences; rents reason-
able; desirable location; near Jones st. ; ref-
erences required.
BUSH. 1402 — Neat, clean furnished rooms; sun
all day; rent reasonable.
CLAY. 1020 — 4 unfurnished rooms, good order
for housekeeping; bath; $13.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
• EUROPEAN HOTEL. 030 Market st.. opp. Err..
i porium—Opened for permanent guests June
20th; new management; refurnished: strictly
first class: will give special inducements to
parties securing rooms during this month;
rates per month: vleeant bay-window suites,
Market-st. side, $30; smaller suites, nicely
furnished, $20: single rooms, $7 to $10. Phone
Main lOTits. —.v
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 35c.
, $1 50 night; $1 50. $G week; open all night.
FOLSOM. 820. near 4th — $1 per week, rurnished
i rooms.
j Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
I $1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
1 ,1
! O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
. offices: elevator: elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor — Nice sunny
suites or In single; running water. : -? ~
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground |
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths, j
ELEVENTH, 253 — A large sunny furnished
. rocm to let; reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
VALENCIA. 1122 — Sunny furnished J house-
keeping room*; reasonable. ¦*. ' X.,
VAN NESS ave.. 320 — Elegantly furnished
rooms, all modern conveniences; most de-
Flrab'e part of city; very low rates.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia «t.
ROOMS AND BOARD,
ATLANTA Hotel. 452 Ellis— This new. strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises: electric light and elevator; private
l.nths: single and cults; hot and cold
water: «team heat; telephones on every floor.
THE MCALLISTER, 503 Van Ness ave.; just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAM BOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; Fleam beat.
VAN NESS. 519— Handsome furnished gunny
I suites; eingle rooms; first-class table board.
~~ ROOMS WANTED.
DRESSMAKER wishes room with folding bed
In respectable family; $C cr $7. 1325 Octavia.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savines Bank of
San Francisco. 33 Post st. For the half
year endinc June 30. 1902, a dividend has
bean declared at the rate of three CJ) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free~of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday, July l y 1902.
- * GEORGE A. STORY. Casftler.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California and Montgomery sts.
For the six months ending June 30. 1902,
dividends have been declared on deposits. in
the savings department of this company 'as
follows: Cn term deposits at the rate ef
3 C-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
' free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-.
day July 1. 1902. ' Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after July 1, 1902. J.
¦ DALZELL BROWN. Manager.- "
i SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Call-
I fornia et., cor. of Webb — For the half year
ending with the 30th of June. 1902. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
num of three and forty-two one-hundredths
(3 42-100) rter cent on term . deposits, and
' three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits,' free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1, 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 526
California Bt. — For the half year ending with
dune 30, 1902, a dividend has been declared
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum
. on all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and ;
after Tuesday. July 1. 1902. GEORGE
1 TOURNY, Secretary.
NOTICES.
ALL persons having policies in or claims
against the. Pacific States Life Assurance
Cornrany are requested to communicate with
E. MYRON WOLF, Insurance Commissioner,
Clunie building, San Francisco.
FREE cure for* stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine 4& what
cured people say. Address REUNER & GOU.
_ LET, Station A, Sacramento. Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPHlitorage~&~Movl[ng~Co7ro£
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st. ; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehf uss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore et. : phone Jackson 281.
jrYP^XVHITERS^AND^ SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
- house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING & MIMEOGRAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewiting, 4c folio: copies, 2c; mlm-
eosraphing. 927 Markt. rm.SOS: Howard 15*U»
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of JEAN
BAPTISTE LEBLANC. also called J. B. LE-
BLANC, deceased. Notice is hereby given by '
the undersigned. JOHN FARNHAM. Admin-
istrator of the Estate of JEAN BAPTISTE
LEBLANC. also called J. B. LEBLANC. de-
ceased, to the creditors of, and all persons
having claims against the said deceased, to
exhibit them with the necessary vouchers,
within four months after the first publica-
tion of this notice, to the said administrator
at room 79, Chronicle Building, the same be-
ing his place for the transaction of the busi-
ness of the said estate in the City and -Coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California.
JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator of the Es-
tate of JEAN BAPTISTE LEBLANC. also
called J. B. LEBLANC, Deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, May 31, 1902
FRANK McGOWAN. Attorney for Admin-
istrator. Rooms 75, 79 and 80, Chronicle
Building.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of ANNA
STEIN, also called ANNA EMILIE STEIN,
deceased. Notice Is hereby given by the un-
dersigned, JOHN FARNHAM, Administrator
of the Estate of ANNA STEIN, also called
ANNA EMILIE STEIN, deceased, to the
creditors of. and all persons having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them'
with the necessary vouchers, within four
months after the- first publication of this no-
tice, to the said Administrator, at room 79,
Chronicle Building, the same being his place
for the transaction of the business of the said
estate in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. State of California. JOHN FARN-
HAM. Administrator of the Estate of ANNA
STEIN, also called ANNA EMILIE STEIN,
deceased.
Dated at San Francisco, May 31, 1902.
CARLTON W. GREEN. Attorney for Ad-
ministrator. Rooms 76 and 79, Chronicle
Building.
MAERIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Herman F. Smith, SI, 1126 Market street,
and Mary O'Connor, 22, 457 Jessie street.
J. Robie Bradstreet, 2(5, city, and Natlna 3.
Smith, 22, city.
Frank O. Fischer, 30, 640A Natoma street,
and Lucy R. Nunez, 29, 224 Utah street.
Samuel E. Barnum. 31. 26^4 Kearny street,
and Bena E. Brandeman, 31. 6 Eddy street.
Walter H. Romer. 26, 164 Shipley street,
and Jennie Henderson, 18, city.
O. C. Boiling, 33. 3387 Twenty-sixth street,
and Mary Moreau, 30, 33S7 Twenty-sixth Bt.
Henry Blum, 40, city, and Mathilda God-
Chaux, 25, city.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATBi
BORN".
McGLYNN — In Albany, N. Y., June 19, 1902,
to the wife of Frank McGlynn Jr., a daugh-
ter.
McGREEVY— In this city, June 18, 1902, to
the wife of Charles W. McGreevy, twin sons,
_____ .
GILHAM— SKELLY— In this city. June 16,
1902. by the Rev. E. J. Lion. , Kelsey M.
Gllham and Julia A. Skelly.
___
Ball/Herman '. .. Kopp,.. Blondina >¦
Berry, Alexander E. Larsenuer. Joseph J.
Bertl. Glocondo Lilienfeld. Rose
Beyer, Mariette Luse, Henry H.
Bolts, John F. McKnight, Mary J.
Butler, Mary (Birdie) Maloney, Ellen
Cheney, Daniel M. Megannon, Zell E.
Cunningham. Eliza Mesple. Ansellne
Dellcat, Katie Muck. Peter
Faulkner, Geo. : D. . Opelt, Oscar
Feely. Honey Pi ¦ •», Joseph
Gerdau. Aujruat J. IV ay, L. Alexander
Gordon. Gwynn Sawyer. Ebenezer D.
Harrison. Chas. H. Sewell. Alice E.
Havens. Mrs. Mary Stowell, Frank E.
Hencken. Chas. H. Sweeney. Francla R.
Kindersfan. Wm. H. Williams. John H.
BALL — In the City and County Hospital, June
20. 1902. Herman Ball, a native of Germany,
a-jed OS years.
BERRY— In this city, June 19, 1902, Alexan-
der Edmund, eldest son of the late Joseph
and Clara Berry, steisjn of Mary Berry,
brother of Joseph Berry, and half-brother ot
Howard and Pearl Berry, a native of San
Francisco, aged 23 years 7 months and 0
days.
CyServlces will be held to-day, at 1:30
o'clock, at his late residence, 135 Dorland
street, between Dolores and Church, Seven-
teenth and Eighteenth. Interment strictly
private.
BERTI — In this city, June 18, 1902, Giocondo,
beloved husband of Mary Berti, and father
of AoKUStin A., Linda E., Ralph L. and
Mary J. Bertl. a native of Lucca, Italy, aged
53 years 11 months and 8 days.
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1G71 Pacific avenue, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
BEYER— In this city, June 19, 1902, Mariette,
beloved wife of the late Louis Beyer, mother
of Mrs. David Stang and the late Louis H.
Beyer, and grandmother"" of Theodor. Alfred
and Olga Stang, a native of Mellingen, Can-
ton Aargan, Switzerland, aged 81 years and
6 months.
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the • residence
of her daughter, Mrs. David Stang, 1507
Geary street, near Lacuna. Interment pri-
vate. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BOLTS — In Tuolumne. June 20, 1902, John F.
Bolts, dearly beloved husband of Sarah A.
Bolts, and beloved father of John F. Martin
C, Ruth S. and the late Richard Carroll
Bolts, a native of Germany.
¦ GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Vereln Hall. 323 Turk street.
BUTLER — In this city, June 20, 1902, Mary
(Birdie), beloved wife of Harry J. Butler,
mother of Clare and Harry Butler, and sis-
ter of Kate Cassidy and Thomas Gardner, a
native of New l'ork, aged 27 years and 2
months.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
CHENEY— In this city, June 19, 1902,. Daniel
M. Cheney, a native of Illinois, aged 42
years 3 months and 14 days. ¦ .
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
at 3 o'clock, from the funeral parlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM— In this. city. June 19, 1902
r Eliza Cunningham, a native of County Gal-
way, Ireland, aged 73 years.
(HTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where «1
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Interment Holy Crcs3 Cemetery.
DELICAT— In this city, June 18, 1902, Katie
dearly beloved daughter of Anna C. and the
late Fred Delicat. and sister of Mrs. H. Zlhn
hEivRY J. CALLACH^l^o]
(Successor to Flannagan & Uallagner.i
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRi
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. |
Mt. (ilivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITT.
Cfiice, &I6 Market Street. *
Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
6»muel McFadden, 16 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, with the same company for 1»
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral Par- •
lors at 1171 Mission Bt., between Sevema
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
I JAMBS McGiWW, ..'."
Formerly with McGinn Bros.,- has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy at., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576. .
p jGTFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 3S24 Twenty-second street, tiience
to St. James Church for services. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .
WILLIAMS — In the City and County Hospital
June 20, 1902, -John H. Williams, a native
of California, aged 35 years. .' •¦• . . • ¦-
B^TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funaral to-day,
at 2 o'clock, from the residence of her
parents, 1718 Waller street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery,
STOWELL — In this city, June 18, 1902, Frank
Elwood Stowell, dearly beloved son of Harry
B. and Alice F. Stowell, and brother of
Ethel and Ef fie Stowell. a native of San
Francisco, aged 0 years and 15 days.
SWEENEY — In this city, .June 19. 1002, Fran-
cU R. Sweeney, beloved son of James and
Anne Sweeney, and brother of W. P., J. \V.
R, J., J. G. and A. E. Sweeney and Mrs. l!
Buckley, a native of San 1-ranclsco. aced 33
years 8 months and 15 days.
|E^* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the tuneral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, . from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
' streets, under the auspices of Mount Muriah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment
private. • . " _
SEWELL — In this city, June 19, 1902, Alice
Eldora, beloved and only daughter ot Daniel
R. and Alice L. Sewell. and granddaughter
of Mr. and Mrs. D. Sewell, a native ot San
Francisco, aged 4 years 10 months and 7
days. • -
(CTFrlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at — o'clock, from Concordia
Hall, 1-0 O'Farrell street. Alcazar building,
where services will be held. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 123tt Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth.
SAWYER— In this city, June 20, 1902, Eben-
ezer Davia Sawyer, beloved husband of La-
vlnla T. Sawyer, and. father of Anna L.,
Edward E. and Frank E. Sawyer and Mrs.
William Searby, a native of New York, aged
76 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to , attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late re&t-
dence, 1925 Greenwich street, thence to St.
Brigid's Church, whens services will be held
at 9:25 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery. ¦ ¦ .
PITA — In this city, June 20, 1902, Joseph Pita
a native : of Canhas, Island of Madeira, Por-
tugal, aged 22 years. A member of Portu-
i guese 'Protective and Benevolent Association
¦ for six months and twenty days. " "
! (C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 318 Francisco street, thence to
Ked Men's Hall, 510 Bush street, where fu-
neral services will be held at 1:45 o'clock,
under the auspices of Hermann titanim No.
224, I. O. R. M. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
OPELT — In the City and County Hospital,
June 20, 1902, Oscar Opelt, a native of Ger-
many, aged 40 years.
PETTY — In Reno, Nev., June 18, 1902, L.
• Alexander Petty, beloved son of Joanna and
the late George S. Petty, a native of San
Francisco, a«ed 24 years 4 months and IS
days.-
|E7"The fuieral services will be held to-
day, at 4 o'clock, at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
- tery. '
MESPLE — An anniversary mass will be cele-
brated at the French Church on Bush street,
Monday, June 23, at 9 o'clock, for the repose
of the soul of Anseline Mespel. Friends and
acquaintances are rescectfully invited.
MUCK— In this city, June 19, 1jl_, Peter
Muck, beloved son of Mrs. Magdalene Muck,
and brother of Phillip Muck, Mrs. W. Arm-
burster, Fritz Muck and Mrs. M. Weiss, a
native of Alsace, aged 31 years 11 months
and 3 days. A member of Hermann Stamm
No. 224, I. O. R. M., and Beer Bottlers'
Union. ¦ ...
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3916 Twenty-sixth street, thence
to St. James Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEGANNON— In this city,, June 20. 1002, ZeU
Elvira, beloved and only daughter of Wil-
liam F. and Dell E. Megannon, and grand-
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Sewell,. a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 years 7
months and 14 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 22,1902, at 2 o'clock, from the First
Christian Church. Twelfth street, near How-
ard. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
McKNIGHT— In this city. June 20. 1902, Mary
Jane McKnlght, a native of Scotland, aged
55 years 3 months and 17 days;
MALONEY (nee VEIT)— In this city. June 18.
1U02, Ellen, beloved wife of the late Patrick
Maloney, mother of Nellie and William Veit,
daughter of Ellen and the late Nicholas
O'Leary; and sister of . W. F. O'Leary of
Healdsburg and Mrs. James Munks of Port-
land, Or., a native of Boston, Mass., aged
41 years 8 months and 8 days.
E7"Kriends and acquain.tan.ces are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her uncle, S. W. Levy, 1029 Broadway.
Interment Home .of Peace Cemetery, by
special train leaving Third and Townsend
streets at 10:40 o'clock, s.
LUSE— In this city. June 20. 1902, Henry
Heaton, beloved husband of Lydla F. Luse,
father of William A. and Bertha Luse, Mrs.
Emily M. Vandevort, ¦ Mrs. Mary R. Smith
and Mrs. Edna Luse Connolly, and grand-
father of Mrs. Rebecca Frances Luse Stump
and Mrs. Emily Luse Wrenn, a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 92 years 3 months and 7
days. (Ohio papers please copy.) '
C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from 'the mother's
residence, 815 Wood street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where services will be held
at' 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
s tery, by way of car. foot of Market street,
on arrival of 10:30 o'clock boat.
LILIENFELD— In this city, June 20, 1902,
Rose, dearly beloved wife of Alfred Llllen-
f eld, daughter of . Charles S. and the late
Hannah 1- echheimer, and sister of Minnie,
Hilda, Elsie and Benjamin Fechhelmer and
Mrs. Charles E. Adler of New York. :
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors ot
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. , • ' - : v
KOPP— In this city, June 20, 1002, at the
residence, 709 Shotwell street, Blondina
Kopp, beloved mother of Edward, Frank,
John, Joseph and Lizzie Kopp and Mrs. W.
J. Archer, a native of Chlllicothe, Ohio,
aged 51 years 10 months and 24 days.
LARSENUER— In Oakland, June 19, 1902, Jo-
seph J. Larsenuer, beloved son of Catherine
and the late Domlnlck Larsenuer, brother of
Charles Larsenuer, and grandson of Mrs.
Catherine Cletaenta, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 14 years 1 month and 1 day.
IC^'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
KINDERGAN— In this city, June 19, 1902,
William H., beloved son of John and Lizzie
Kindergan, and beloved brother of Joseph,
John, Annie and Margaret Klnderean and
Mrs. W.Parfett, a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 3 months and 28 days. (Sono-
ma par>ers please cooy.)
E7 Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Satur-
day), , at 11:45 o'clock, at Christ Church
Sausalito. Interment private, Mountain View.
Cemetery.
HAVENS— In Stockton. Cal., 'June 20, 1902,
• Mrs. Mary Jane Havens, a native of Moriah,
Essex County, N. Y., aged SS years and 2
months.
HENCKEN — In Brentwood, Contra Costa
County, June 19, 1902, of sunstroke, - Charles
H. Henckeh. beloved uncle of Martha and
Edna Hanjes, and brother-in-law of A. H.
Hanjcs, a native of San Francisco, aeed ~C
years 3 months, and 18 days.
ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of James McGinn & Co., 214
Eddy street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
HARRISON— In Sausalito, Cal.. June 18. 1902
Charles Henry Harrison, husband of Caroline
Harrison, a native of England, aged 77 years
7 months and 23 days. ' ;
E?" Remains at the parlors of J.C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral • hereafter. • •
GERDAU — In Livermore. June 20. 1902, Au-
gust J., beloved husband of Minnie H. Ger-
dau, father of Walter J. Gerdau, and brother
of Henry J. Gerdau, a native of Germany,
aged 48 years 7 months and 15 days. '
GORDON— In this city, June 18, 1902, Gwynn
Gordon, a native of Medford, Or., aged 17
years.
(EyFuneral Sunday. Interment private.
FEELY — In this city, "June 20.. 1902, Honey
Feely, beloved mother of Mrs. Wormuth and
Mrs. Cunningham, a native of County Sligo,
Ireland, aged 64 years.
¦ • E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 12:30 o'clock,, from the resl-_
dence of her mother, 443 Jessie street, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth, thence to Mizpah
Prt^byterian Church, Harrison street, near
Fifth, where services will be held, commenc-
ing at 1 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
FAULKNER — In this city, June 20, 1902,
George D., son of the late James and Ellen
Faulkner, a native of San. Francisco.
and John Dellcat, a native of Germany, aged
41 years 11 months and. 13 days. . • .he had been very busy during the day
and had important matters to attend to.
"I have had a ship on the drydock," he
said, "and my nephew, James Tyson, was
to have attended to the relief of the crew
of the Eureka. He left the ofiice at 3
Try the Cafe Zlnkand for lunch. Good
meats well cooked, well served. *
Joseph Guadalupe appeared In Judge
Conlan's court yesterday on a charge of
murdering his stepson. Emmet de Suza
last Sunday night. He was Instructed as
to his rights and the case was then con
tinued till next "Wednesday. An inquest
will be held in the meantime.
Guadalupe Appears In Court.
. For moving and storing try Beklna Van ana
Storage Co., 630. Market street. ¦ •
A deed was placed on record yesterday
conveying the transfer by the executors
of the Sutro estate to the Commercial Pa
cific Cable Company of land 50 by 120 feet
on *Forty-seventh avenue, near Fulton
street, to be used for a landing station for
tl^e trans-Pacific cable. The consideration
is $1000. The land was purchased by P. E
Towne for the cable company.
Landing for Pacific Cable.
Supervisor Wilson made an unsuccess
ful effort to insert a clause in the ordi
nance providing that no bay-window shall
project more than three feet from the
face of the buildings.
The Joint Committee on Judiciary, Fir*
and Buildings of the Board of Supervisors
met yesterday and completed the revision
of the building ordinance. The ordinance
will be transmitted to the board with a
recommendation for passage. The com
mittee decided to limit the height of fire
proof buildings on streets 100 feet in width
or over to 130 feet.. The limit of fireproof
buildings on streets less than 100 feet in
width . is . fixed at ninety-five feet; semi
fireproof buildings at eighty-four feet and
non-fireproof buildings at seventy-three
feet.
BUILDING ORDINANCE
IS READY FOR ADOPTION
Alfred Peterson, 14 years of age, swore
to a complaint before Judge Mogan yes
terday charging his father, Albert Peter
son of 19 Hattle street, with battery.
Young Peterson was accompanied by his
mother and little sister. It was alleged
that on Thursday the father grasped the
little girl by the throat, and when her
brother ran to her assistance Peterson
struck him and chased him out of the
house. Mrs. Peterson said her husband
had threatened to kill her if she had him
arrested.
Boy "Wants His Father Airrested.
"I did not think anything was wrong:, 1 *
said Attorney Pawlicki, "until the men
came close to me. Then one of them, told
me to .throw up my hands. He pointed
a pistol at me and covered my eyes with
his hand. I felt the muzzle of another
pistol behind my ear. I told the men that
I had nothing of value outside of a few
dollars change. They took my money and
searched me for jewelry, but I never
wear any. The men warned me to keep
quiet and hurried up Post street and I
lost sight of them. I think they got away
In a buggy. My brother telephoned to the
police when I got home.
Attorney Pawlicki gave a good descrip
tion of the robbers and the police hope
to have the criminals behind bars without
delay. i.\ ;,-,
Attorney T. E'. Pawlicki, residing at 1119
"Van Ness avenue, was held up by three
highwaymen at 10:30 o'clock last night at
the corner of Van Ness avenue and Post
street. The victim of the robbers was
on his way home and when he approached
Post street he saw three men standing on
the corner, near a building that Is being
Improved.
at Corner of Van Ness Avenue
and Post Street.
Three Highwaymen Commit Crinio
ATTORNEY T. E. PAWLICKI
; IS HELD TJP AND ROBBED
When night fell yesterday the ship
wrecked party was dtill camped on the
desolate spot near Mussel Rock. . Captain
Schou and his men manfully stuck to
their post, thinking only of their duty.
Charles Nelson, president of the Charles
Nelson Company, stated last night «that
The members of the Eureka' s crew were
indignant that no relief had been sent to
them. "We are worn , out," said one of
the party, "and we cannot leave here
without word from the owners. It would
have been an easy matter for the owners
to send a wagon out and take us and our
belongings into the city to a boarding
house. Our ship is wrecked,- and I bup
pose our lives don't count for much."
SAILORS ARE INDIGNANT.
Captain Smith telephoned* to the 'offices
of the owners of the wrecked vessel and
notified them that Captain Schou desired
instructions. . The hours slipped along and
no word was sent to ¦. the shipwrecked
party. Yesterday afternoon ' a represent
ative of The Call drove out to the scene
of the wreck. Captain Schou said that he
could not understand why the owners did
not send him wprd. . ¦ ¦• ¦ ¦ .-. ,
Captain Smith and his crew of life-sav
ers/returned to their station, after again
offering to take Captain Schou and- his
party with them, which* offer was declin
ed, pending word from the owners of the
wrecked schooner. „- * : ¦ •• . > ? i
When daylight broke yesterday morning,
Captain Schou. and his companions pre
sented a forlorn appearance. The all
night vigil, together with the exposure to
the wind and fog, had told on them. The
life-savers had remained .with the ship
wrecked persons and were tired out also.
The life-savers and some of the crew of
the Eureka returned to the *vessel and
brought the personal belongings of Cap
tain Schou and his wife ashore. The sai
lors brought their clothing with them and
some provisions and sought the warmth
of a log fire that was built on the
beach. • /
SPEND A .WEARY NIGHT.
When the life-savers arrived at the spot
where Captain Schou. with his wife and
his crew, were huddled, they offered to
take them to the life-saving station. Cap
tain Schou said that he would not aban
don the wreck until he heard from- the
owners, and his wife decided to remain
beside her husband. The crew also said
they would stay with the captain and
await the instructions of their employers.
- As soon as the vessel struck, ' Captain.
Schou gave ordersfor the ship's boat to be
lowered. The captain, . his; wife, and the
seven members of the crew entered the
small boat and made for the shore,
through the breakers. The water dashed
over the men and the woman and the par
ty waded breast, deep through the water
to dry land, when the boat grounded.
The dense fog hung like a blanket over
the sea and land and the shipwrecked
people almost perished from the cold.
One of the crew volunteered to seek relief
and started northward along the beach.
After a weary tramp of four miles he
reached the South Side Life-saving Sta
tion and notified the men stationed there.
Captain Smith and his men at once ,went
to the scene of the wreck, taking their
surf boat on the wagon drawn by a double
team. '...,••
The currents carried the Eureka south
of her course, however, and at 8:30 o'clock!
on Thursday night, she was thrown on
the beach, ten miles south of the • Cliff
House and half, a mile north of Mussel
Rock. Her bottom was torn off ¦ by a
rocky ledge and the schooner was doomed
to destruction. ¦¦¦ .•"¦".-.- •; -
FIND SHELTER ON SHORES.
UNMINDFUL of the cold wind and
the penetrating fog, the crew of
the lumber schooner Eureka,
which was wrecked near Mussel
Rock on Thursday night, have
since camped on the bleak beach, await
ing relief from the owners of the vessel.
The wife of. Captain J. P. Schou has
refused to leave her husband's side and
with her faithful dogr, Rover, and her
pet black cat. has, since the shipwreck,
waited for relief from the Charles Nel
son Company, which owns the ill-fated
schooner.
From the time of landing on Thursday
night until this morning, the crew of the
Eureka and the captain's wife have
camped at the base or a towering cliff,
exposed to the elements and the danger
of death In the event of a gale blowing
up from the northeast.
The schooner Eureka left the port of
San Francisco on Thursday shortly after
noon bound for Humboldt Bay in ballast.
At 5 p. m. she was off Duxbury reef and
ran Into a heavy fog. The wind died. out
and the vessel .drifted with the currents.
Captain Schou said ¦¦ yesterday that at. the
hour mentioned he thought he-was four
miles off shore and eight miles south of
Duxbury reef. * ' •
In addition to Captain Schou and his
wife, the following were on the vessel
when she ran ashore: First Mate F. W.
Randerlin, Second Mate Tom Nicholson,
Steward High Thompson, Sailors A. Wolf,
Ed Russell, Will Jackson and Frank Van
cora.
Late last night Captain Smith of the
South Side life-saving station was asked
over the telephone If the Eureka' s crew
was being cared for. The answer of the
life-saving captain was that the ship
wrecked party was still camped on the
beach and had been instructed by the
owners to strip the wreck this morning.
In the dense fog and subjected to the
ocean wind, sheltered only by the protec
tion of a small cove, Captain Schou, with
his brave wife and his crew, for two
nights and a day have remained on the
desolate spot near Mussel Rock where
the Eureka has found her grave. „
The Eureka was a three-masted wooden
schooner of 232 tons. She was built in
Eureka nearly forty years ago, and was
valued at $5000.
STILL CAMP ON THE BEACH.
p. m. to get a team and drive out to the
wreck." .
James Tyson, the manager or the
Charles Nelson Company, was seen last
night at his home in Alameda. When
asked what steps had been taken for the
relief of the shipwrecked crew of the
Eureka and Captain Schou's wife he said:
•'I went out this afternoon and arranged
for the crew to be taken to the life-sav
ing station. We will begin to strip the
ship in the morning and save all we can
from her."
ASKS FOR CHANGE HT THE
AXIG2OIENT OF I STREET
pervisors to Revise tire Grades
in the Byfleld Tract. -
City Bealty Company Petitions Su-
The City Realty Company, by A. J.
Raisch, secretary, petitioned the Board of
Supervisors yesterday to change the
alignment of I street so as to avoid an
abrupt turn from Carl street Into I. and
thus do away with a grade of 15 p«r cent
on First avenue, between Carl and I
streets. It is stated that by carrying out
the suggested change a nearly level road
way will result and that the connection
between Carl and I streets will be mad©
In almost a straight line. The company
offers to deed the land necessary fcr the
improvement in exchange for that which
I street occupies at present.
The company also petitions that the
grades be changed on the "Byfleld Tract."
SNAPSHOTS OF VESSEL THAT
WENT ASHORE NEAR . MUSSEL
. ROCK ON THURSDAY NIGHT.
Doran did as requested and Prendergast
retired. After the court adjourned Ma
hony called upon Judge Conlan in his
chambers and asked him to take Pren
dergast, who he said had been "broken
in," but the Judge positively refused.
Aiahony thought it was hard upon him,
as he could not get a position for Pren
dergast In any of the courts. Judge Con
lan then asked him why he had removed
Rice, and he replied that he did not want
Rice as clerk of the court. Conlan insist
ed upon Rice being returned or some
other clerk appointed who would meet
his approval. There the matter rests.
Prendergast, who is one of Crimmins'
lieutenants, was deputy in the Justices
of the Peace office under E. W. Wil
liams, who was removed, along with his
deputies, by Mayor Schmitz. Since then
County Clerk Mahony has been vainiv
trying to get Prendergast a clerkship in
one of the courts.
I decline to accept Mr. Prendergast as clerk
of this court. I have not been consulted as to
who the clerk should be and I decline to take
Prendergrast under any circumstances. Per
sonally I have nothing against him, but I do
not want him to handle any papers in my court.
I should have been notified of Rice's removal
and consulted as to his successor. I shall ask
you, Mr. Doran, to take charge of the books
and papers.
When Judge Conlan took his seat on
the bench yesterday morning he found
Prendergast installed as clerk. The Judge
at once sent for T. L. Doran, Mihony's
deputy at the Hall of Justice, and ad
dressing him said: •
Clerk John P. Rice of Judge Conlan's
court notified the Judge on Thursday
that he had at his own request been
transferred to the County Clerk's office
and that Prendergast would succeed him.
Judge Conlan demurred and telephoned
to County Clerk Mahony to call at his
chambers yesterday morning and explain
the change. Conlan objected to Rice be
ing transferred without the court being
consulted. He said that he would not al
low Prendergast to occupy the position
of clerk in his court.
Pat Prendergast, a deputy county
clerk, unattached, is having a hard row
to hoe in his attempt to become a clerk
of one of the Police Courts. When Fred
B. Conway, clerk of Judge Mogan"s court,
disappeared Prendergast was assigned to
fill the vacancy. Judge Mogan objected
strongly to the assignment, and insisted
upon obtaining the services of George
Lee. Prendergast consequently was not
installed into the office, and Lee is now
clerk of the court.
That Black has a criminal record in
the East is evidenced by the fact that he
is wanted at Springfield, Mass., for pass
ing bogus checks. Chief of Police Witt
man expected to hear further from the
police officials of that city yesterday, but
the wires were silent. Black declines to
discuss his case with the reporters, giv
ing as his reason that his attorneys have
counseled him to maintain a strict si
lence during the pendency of his case
In court.
Detective TVhittaker went to San Jose
yesterday by order of Captain Martin to
eecure data concerning the "Earl Fruit
and Produce Company" used by Black in
the furtherance af his frauds. No such
corporation exists, but nevertheless Black
managed to do a thriving business in
uttering checks upon that concern. Whit
taker has secured some valuable data
concerning Black's operations in San Jose
which will be used against him in the
trial.
Attorney Harris of the prosecution
asked the court for a continuance of the
case till Monday on the ground that he
had to secure out-of-town witnesses and
that it was impossible to do so before
that time. The attorneys for Black pro
tested against this course, they affirming
their readiness to proceed with" the exam
ination immediately. The court thought
the request a reasonable one and it was
granted. The matter was set for hearing
at 11 o'clock Monday morning.
It was announced in court that District
Attorney Byington would personally con
duct the prosecution. Byington is gath
ering evidence of fraud against Black, all
of which was published in detail by The
Call yesterday. He will answer to two
charges, one preferred by Colonel A. An
drews and another by E. S. Scott, cashier
of the Western National Bank, both of
whom were victimized by means of worth
less checks. The evidence in these cases
is conclusive, and the prosecution is cer
tain that the hotel sharp and utterer of
fictitious checks will be convicted without
difficulty.
The defendant sat with his hands
screening his face from the gaze of the
curious. Since his arrest Black has
evinced a great terror for a camera and
whenever he appears in public he takes
the precaution to keep his face covered
in order that no chance snapshot may
catch his lineaments. He watched the pro
ceedings in court with a moody express-
Ion on his face, and he affected a dis
interestedness which his nervous manner
belied.
Blacks case was called in Police Judge
Conlan's court yesterday. He was repre
sented by Attorneys Schooler, Campbell
and Mack, while the prosecution was in
the hands of Assistant District Attorney
Harris and Attorneys R. M. Fitzgerald
and Colin Campbell, who appeared for
the National Bankers' Association.
Evidence is accumulating against J. B.
"Black, alias Jones, alias Stone, who is
held on two charges of felony for forgery
a.nd defrauding numerous hotel keepers
by means of fictitious checks. That
Black is a sharper of prominence in the
East, where he is wanted for swindling,
is already clearly established. That he
will serve time in the penitentiary here
Is the belief of the detectives who are
working on the case.
County Clerk's Attempt
to Place Pat Prender
gast Fails.
Passer of Bogus Checks
Hides His Face in
Court.
BLACK AFRAID
OF THE CAMERA
POLICE JUDGES
THWART MAHONY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 21, 1902.
CREW OF EUREKA VAINLY WAIT
FOR RELIEF ON BLEAK BEACH
14
ADVEBTTSSMENTa .^.,^.. r J._.
Red Rough Hands Itching Palms
and Painful iFinger Ends
Soak the hands on retiring in a strong, hot, creamy-
lather of CUTICURA SOAP. Dry, and anoint freely
with CUTICURA, the great skin cure and purest of
emollients. Wear, during the night, old, loose kid gloves,
with the finger ends cut off and air holes cut in the palms.
For red, rough, chapped hands, dry, fissured, itching,
feverish palms, with shapeless nails and painful finger
ends, this treatment is simply wonderful.
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
Atsisted by CcTlCURA Ointment, for preserving, purifying, and beautify-
ing the skin, for cleansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, Rod the
stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and «oothin» red, rough,
and sore hands, for baby rashes and dialings, in the form of baths for
annoying irritations and inflammations of women, or too free or offensive
perspiration, in the form of washes for ulcerative weaknesses, &od many
sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves, as well as
for all the purposes of the toilet, bxth, and nursery.
CsmctrRA Resolvent Pn.t.s (Chocolato Coated) are » new, tasteless, odorless, Aconom-
lc&l substitute for the celebrated liquid Cpticuoa Resolvent, as well as for all other blood
purifiers and humour cures. Put up in sc»w-ca.pi>tsd pocket vials, containing 60 doses
price 25c. Ccticc&a Fills am alterative, antiseptic, tonic, itud digestive, and bevomi
question the purest, sweetest, most successful and economical Mood aaJ skiu purihers,
bo taour cures, and tooic-tligestires yet compouuded.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour, 31.00.
j^tf •• . «* CoutiBtlug <»r Ccticrka tto&r. 25c., to cleanse the lUn of r.rusta
fill H !lT*n > T!T! o *& and scales and soften the thickened cuticle, Cciticuka Ointment.
\S B 1< »• h e-J n * B «ft &Oc -> lneuintly all3y lU-.litog ana lunainniatloii. anil soothe and
*™ heal; and Ccticdra Resolvent Pills, 23c., to cool and cleaime
Tu- «5*»# <SI tn e blood. A Single Set 1b often sufficient t» cure the most
1 " c scl **" torturins, dlsfipurinr. Itching, burning, and bcaly tblu and blood
faQinonn, eczemas, racbea, and irritations, with loss of bair, when all else falls. Sold
throughout the world. British Depot' Tt Z&. Cha-rtcihouht So., London French Depot'
tEuc-Jel* PaLx, Paris. Pottkk Dbdo aj>d Chjsm. Cum-. Sule Props.. Boston VS. a.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
«S$frfc£2k We » k EyesStroniitheno£l.
:&a£j!ul3k Painful or inflamed eye* tn-
stantly relieved with GEORGE
S55fcS3*S- MATERLE'S German Eye
M5^ Water. 60c. at 1071 Market
WHNSy st. Tel. South 572. None gen-
rst uine without tola trademark.
V. S. Supreme Court. Registered Attorney
U. S. Patent Office. United States and For-
eign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and
Copyrights.
No. 700 7th Street, N. W.
Opp. u. s. Patent office. Washington, D.C.
Counselor- at-Law
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
Best NATURAL Alkaline] Water
SO BROADWAT. N. T.
Ribbons! SA I^g^ L 3. j Ribbons
1 5 C S" yd • J°" A BIG VEILING OFFER. QK C **• *»-
* vJ W day ¦ for ¦ J* f day for 5
25c LIBERTY- Q£?C £>,£^ni t^" day^ f l 0^^ BWEST EF - INCH WIDE SAT-
SILK WASH RIB- > ¦ •^ I H^v^ EC H, TT ! ? xr^ A^ CY , MES H or IN RIBBON— New-
BON.. ' ¦9^ llFF ?^ n - VEILING. Regular prices, est colors— Regular
q . * i ¦ 85c ; and. SQg per yard. . . price 40c per yd._
[ SILK EMBROIDERED HOSIERY. | CORSETS. C
QC r per pair for WOMEN'S 40c • ' REMEMBER— Any style or make
*Wv SILK EMBROIDERED HOSE you want at the, following prices. AND
—all ajzes. ; . ... YOUR MONEY BACK OR A NEW
1C~ per pair for WOMEN'S 25c £ \ "*; : PS^^^ IF AFTER 30
— -.^ * • . vJ 1 ACTOR Y z
1Ol/» per. pair for CHILDREN'S To-day *t*»o for ROo rfm<5rrs
1 20c BtACK HERMSDORFP To-day A JiS tor 75^ CORSFtI'
.HOSE- "double heel-knee and toe-all- ToXy .%)& for UWcffig
J^slzea. . . . ¦ -. . . I To-day SI OO for ?1 25 CORSETS.
~; • *" *~*~jir "- ' - - . t I
J MUSLIN DDAWERS. ° ° MUSLIN GOWNS. ?
C%fZ r for WOMEN'^ 40c' MUSLIN AQf* for WOMEN'S $1 00 MUSLIN
-*Uv DRAWERS, tucked and trim- ** *? V GOWN S— Square yoke of
med with wide linen lace. ' clusters of tucks and rows of lace In-
sertion; .neck, yoke and aleeves edged
• • - ¦ - with ruffles of, lace.
Cl f)fk tor WOMEN'S DAINTY
50c iigiSSSlK ¦ l^"L™14H l 7 i ''lrf
"bargains in beltsT SPECIALS IN HOSE °
New arrival of STYLISH _„ . ___ ._.__„ * lw ' JLl
novelties from 5oc t 0 CHATELAINES . SUPPORTERS
A_Gr» To-day for 75c Sa- and Wrist Bags In Russian <
•Ov tin Girdle ¦,-. Belts— leather, alligator skin, suede ON SALE TO-DAY— 2S<»
oxidized or. gilt buckles In and steel beaded effects. HOSE SUPPORTFB<! aii
fancy designs— all sizes. To-day from 35c to ?1 75. colors— at .\TT....TT. 7^150
o . ... i ..,.'.' . ' . . * * * o
¦? CHILDREN'S WHITE DRESSES. ° PIQUE CAPES?
nn'9ii«ftt'zlQr' PRETTY CAMBRIC .' . •- ~ -- . T"*^^ 1 ""
"4, . 0, made with fancy yokes of. lace . fcl ', x "j) u "m*
or embroidery,, trimmed with ruffles . ' _ ' ' ._.„„ _. ' -¦¦¦•¦
of same and finished with deep- hem- . To-day $2 00 CAPES to sell at 91.40
stitched hem. .¦ .- /¦ To-day $7 00 CAPES to. sell at S4 50
OnSftifta* Q^r^^NE LAWN . . , v
Un0aIea "'«7 DC DRESSES— all. sizes; — ¦
regular price $1 50 — hemstitched tuck- ., • • •
ed and embroidery Inserted yoke — neck, ¦' ' • They're' made with double circular
. sleeves, and, yoke trimmed 'with ,ruf- Capes, lined- with- • white Marseilles
Ifles of wide embroidery In delicate.de- '. . and ¦ trimmed with "3 ruffles of wide
signs. ¦ . embroidery.- - . I
o o 6 — — q
? WOMEN'S SHIRT WAISTS. ;, P [ ? WOMEN'S KNIT
OKf. for SCOTCH ZEPHYR i. - : • TTXTTtnnT 7T5 A T+
OOC WAISTS— Plain or Striped— : , , . . UNDERWEAR
excellent In style and quality — Regular ' , ' . , <-v ¦ t« *<>'„ t n J os. T „ c,
price ?1 00. lflC STkY t^S Sleeve
«l-ftrt ' ««»'$1 50 WHITE LAWN 1 . C ' V ' . Balbrlggan Undervests.
.tJ>»«vV- WAISTS-^-Broad V tucks . .
and Insertion' of pretty openwork em- ' -. • >
' broidery. ..„;:..• QPtr» To-day for $1 50 RICHELIEU
<K1' P?fl f Pr. the, NEW PONGEE WO^ RIBBED UNDERVESTS—
*pi.*tJ\J LINEN WAISTS— Reg- All colors— delicate shades— long
J^ ular, price, ?2 25. . : - J sleeves— silk finish.
ONE MOMENT MORE, PLEASE, BEFORE YOU FINISH.
We're Selling Elegant $5 00 TAFFETA SILK WAISTS In the very lat- - i\f\
est Colors and Styles at :¦ -.»J>O» vF \J
DON'T MISS : THE CHANCE.
p - WATCH FOR OUR REMOVAL SALE.
Blons WMEk Sis
Inch . WIDE . FAN- . •"^ ¦ ' - " wide IMPORTED
£ y *t WASH RIB - 1212-1214 MARKET ST WASH ribbon-
BON. L&L6 i.£.L t H lU/inXVCl Dl.,. Regular Price 30c
I Between Taylor and Jones. »•_*; ; -i
O
¦\ OPEN TOjNICHT UNTIL I I O'CLO.K.
: - Sale's. | Hale's.
Most Extraordinary
Ribbon Sale To=day
a — : • . {
Of the season starts this morning. To find so many ribbons in every
g'ood color, in such a variety, so perfect and for so little money, is en-
tirely unheard of about here. So cheap. Do you know there's not an
old pattern, not a piece we've ever, shown. One can hardly believe
that they can be good ribbons or good styles when they see the ridicu-
lous prices. But they are. We've too valuable a ribbon name to hun
it for the gain of a few dollars.
— 8c for 15c Ribbons.
10c for 22c Louisine Ribbons.
—12c for Best 25c Ribbons.
— 15c for 30c Taffeta Ribbons.
— 19c for 85c French Ribbons.
—25c for Jl5c and 65c Ribbons.
See them in the window— the department is flooded with them to-
day.
«— : ' — — <
Candlesticks /^^^^^^
Of Wrought Iron.
Large variety of shapes and S^^^ 3^ 2^^^^-
styles — all new and de- '51^
signs — 25c, 50c, 75c. «3 '
But worthy of particular notice y. <^, 5^§*i
New Jewelry . Jj2
Ladies' Brooches, new designs, HaWcUlSfl HfltS
Hatpins, plain or with setting. 22 CentS.
Link Cuff Buttons 25c per q_ ; r
oair Large variety — newest, Y Those nice shade hats so popular"] 1
nratpst nattem« wp'vp seen I Just now. Fine for country or out-
neatest patterns we ve seen^ ing wear. Much finer than the
Salt and Pepper Shakers 2oc— | price indicates. We print a picture
Cut glass, with Sterling Silver I here of one to give you a good idea
"Pops ' Jl o * now kte a bargain it is. j
Children's Silver-Plated Mugs ° ~ «
A 25c - Satin en^ aved - — _i Children's
The One Dollar Hose 10c.
Cll&niOiS QlOVCS ? Medium weight— fast black/
_, . seamless— cotton — narrow rib—
At 75 CentS* long and elastic — doubly
n — i — C . strengthened at the knees — sizes
1 Finest French Imported Chamois 6 to 9^. I dozen for $l.io.
Gloves, too; the kind that wash; t r . » i 7 f
we have sold many of them at |1, infontS LQCB if OSS.
f^toSfh^t^^sp^Ttze^^ Here are some pretty pink, blue
to 7; colors white, natural and "^tag Jjbbej^ la ce^ swings.
We'*ll not only save you 25c on top, for little tots 1 to 3 years old.
every pair, but we'll give you in We »«£ .?<>« a pair if you buy a
the bargain dozen, $1 fo.
A piece of Manton Women's Fashioned Hose.
rhamnic *%r»nn Ft»f»*» An extraordinary value; such
wnamOIS OOap rree run fashioned stockings usually sell
It is a safe soap with which to • for 25c; made from Maco yarn, fine
wash chamois gloves: It leaves gauge; black; double at the soles,
them clean and. pliable. heels and toes; sizes 8 to 10.
; 0 O C
j Market Strcet.T '^SJgp^al' «***Sb /&/ jtS^ ®^aF*9 • Market Street, |
A" Opposite Golden I Jgff J£i^*~~^ _^&msB2 I Opposite Golden I
Gate Avenue. *^~^ Hi^,,, "l~P COOD^,^^ L Ga *e Avenue. I
NO POISON
Has Ever Been Found
in the Enamel of
AGATE NICKEI^STEEL
TheBLUE LABEL
Protected by Decision of United S&tss Court
Pasted on Every Piece
PROVES IT.
If substitutes are of fered, write us
This trade-mark Is on every piece
of genuine Agate Ware.
Sbld by First-class Department and tlongo-
faralshing Stores. Send tor new Booklet.
LALANCE & GROSJEAN MFG. CO.
inW TORK BOSTOX * CHICAGO
1 I will Pay I
I 50 cents per 100 I
j] for any quantity of I
§ Cigars I
I or any retail dealer on the Coast §
will accept them as cash H
Herman Heyneman 1
I 204 Sacramento St., San Francisco H
rf I California m