no_textPerhaps the residence that will come
first in point of royal preference with both
King and Queen as a refuge in a measure
fi«.m the immediate surroundings of af
fairs of state is Windsor Castle, which
has always been the habitation of Kings
and is hallowed to the royal pair by so
Many memories of the late Queen. This
castle was fortified' by William the Con
queror, but its original founder is lost
In the mists of time. The palac? proper
v.as begun by Edward HI. St. Georges
chapel, itself one of the architectural
boasts cf England, was built by Edv.-arJ
IV. Here the Kir.gr and Queen may lead
& life more nearly approaching that which
as the Prince and Princess of Wales they
ec much enjoyed at Sandringham.
of love and song linger round
this spot, which is distant an hour's jour
ney from I^ondon. Here in the forest is
Virginia Water, the largest piece of
artificial water ir. England. The royal
entrance to this kingly home is through
the George IV gateway.
The whole cast wing or the castle is
taken tju by the private apartments cf
the King: and Queen. Those have been
added to and refurnished, many of their.,
It is from the quadrangle of this palace
that the coronation procession will start
errid the plaudits of loyal subjects. At
the back of the palace are elaborately
laid out gardens, and to the. south are
the Royal itews; or coach houses, with
r.eeommodatiuns for forty equipages. Here
is kept a magnificent state carriage,
which is to be one of the principal feat
urea in the coronation procession.
There is an atmosphere of ceremony
about Buckingham Pcjace that is in keep
ing with the- taste of the King, who is
fund of gorgeousness and royal display
when the -occasion demands it. On the
north tide of the palace are the apaH
int-nts cf the- King and Queen. The.so
rooms have also undergone many changes
•Jurhig- the past year. Their windows
uvcrlook the Uretn Park, a pretty stretch
v( sixty acres.
Two noble apartments are the state
ballroom. 110 feet in length, and the pic
lure gallery. ISO feet long and contain
ing a fcir.all but particularly fine collection
of palntlosrs.
To add to the brilliancy of the drawing
rooms, or courts as they are now more
regally styled, now held in the evening
much altering and magnificent reuphol
stcring has been done in the state apart
ments. Of these the most magnificent is
iha throne room with its blaze- of crim
fon satin and gold, and it* famous marble
frieze with reliefs representing the wars
of the roses.
«^w S ruler of. the Brfitish empire. King
f I Edward VII has the right fo
f— 4 many abodes. Of the royal palaces
V, I of England. Buckingham Palace is
JL now the center of interest. The
royal standard floats above .its facade, sig
nifying that Edward VII a"nd his Queen
are there holding their state. This state
ly pile has been the official residence of
royalty in London since its occupation, by
Queen Victoria in 1SST." It was not a fa
vorite place of residence with her, but finds
more favor in the eyes of. King Edward.
He has made many innovations'there, so
cial and otherwise, that are too radical
to have been pleasing, to his august
mother. -'
since the death of Queen Victoria, and
are now more than ever filled with price
less tapestry and furniture. One of. . the #
finest things in, Windsor's "interior is the
Queen's corridor, a. golden gallery which
runs half around the castle without ap
proaching any of thepublic rooms. King
Kdward has removed from the throne
room the ivory throne presented to his,
mother by the Maharajah of Travanco.'e
mere, than fifty years ago. In its place
stands th<2. throne once that of the
Kings of . Kandy. a much more gorgeous . I
affair..: covered with topaz, amethysts arid ¦•
white and "bWe'- sapphires.. ;
The King has made "other .changes .. in
the arrangement of things in the vari
ous apartments at Windsor. The Nel-
son and Duke of "Wellington relics- have
been removed irnm the guardroom, which
is now lined with glass cases con
taining the swords of famous Kings and
.generals. Marlborough House no longer
holds the Oriental arms brought from.
India by Kins Edward. They are dis
played in the grand vestibule at Wind
- sor, along with the great black flag of
the Khalifa. One of the most magnifi
cent apartments at Windsor i3 St.
George's Hall, 200 feet long, - with its
throne ar.d the twenty-four shields witn
the armorial bearings of all the English
Kings. In the library, with its price
less collection j of books, is a collection
of mrniatures of the royal family that
is very interesting-.
Other famous apartments are the TVa
torloo chamber, the King's audience
chamber, the King's closet, the Queen's
drawing-room tind hundreds of others.
Out of doors nature and art have vied
with each other to make the surround
ings, naturally lovely, still more regal.
The views from the terraces over the
Home Park ar.d down through the fa
mous long walk are among the most
picturesque in all England.
„ . In the private chapel at Windsor, where
Queen Victoria so often worshiped, the
King has had installed a magnificent
stained glass window in memory of li'a
mother. . •
St. James Palace, the old brick .pile that
¦ Is a London landmark, will probably not
see much of. its sovereigns as residents,
for a number of reasons. This palace for
many years was the residerice of the
" British sovereigns and from it and its as
j solutions the British court received' its
titles t.f the "Court of St. James." It was
built, by Henry VIII. Here Queen Mary
died and here Charles the" First spent the
last night before his execution. The pal
ace was completely destroyed by fire in
l.NUl*, and the celebrated Chapel Royal, the
old Presence Chamber, and an old brick
gateway, are abouc all that is left df the
ancient palace of the Tudors. It, was in.
tne Chapel Koyal that the marriage of
Queen \ ictoria with Prince Albert was
celebrated, it may be that the King will
. no.rt levees there, as has been" clone In the
past. Previous to- the death of Prince A>
beit the Queen always held her drawing
looms at fc>t. James Palace. Since then
these regal functions havr ?,e,en held at
Buckingham Palace. On rlie east side of
tne palace "stands Marlborough House,
. the residence of the Prince ct Wales
I p in the Dee-Side Highlands in Scot
lan.i, walled round by the Grampian
mountain*, is love.iy Balmoral.- a foosth
Srdyul residence, and the favorite one of
the late Queen. Hut King Edw.ard i3 *n«t
load of it. except perhaps tor the tine
shOoCng ar.d deer staliung it affords, -or
which snorts he has always beea pas
sionately fond. When Prince of- Wales,
King Edward and his family spent some
times tacli year at Abcrgeldie Cattle, ad
joining the grounds of Balmoral, which
was lesued for his use. The Queen has
more ot" a- liking lor the mountain palace
than has her royal husband. ...
1 he magnificent building erected by
Prince Albert is in the castellated 'Scot
tish baronial style. Of spotless white
grariie. it is .regal as its golden tipped
towers gleam amidst the green of the
• hills. From it can be had an extended
view of mountains and lochs, with Loch
na-Gar. ti.e. loftiest point, in the distance
\ Eallachbuie. Forest, the oldest and finest
wcod in Scotland, is- part of the estates
which have a frontage of sixteen, miles'
About a mile away- is the church of
Crarthie, where royalty is a regular at
tendant. The preserves are full of grouse
and game there is fine fishing, and much
deer stalking. At Balmoral the lives o*
the sovereigns will be perhaps the sim
¦ plest possible, and the gap between- mon
arch and Peasant subject in a measure
bridged. A feature of life at " Balmoral
are the balls that are given for the ten
antry, at which the royal owners mingfe
with thei5 guests. ; -. '
There are still other palace^ in England
which might l>e termed the palaces of the
King, but none of them are now 1 used as
residences. The. King has a floating pal
ace in his new yacht, the Victoria and
Albert But of all the royal residences
there is none more beautiful than histor
ical old Windsor. . •
THE SUXDAYv CALL.'
WHERE THE KING AND QUEEN WILL LIVE
2uerstand that, 'although a« most.robU3i
man, he has broken down temporarily un
der the great strain imposed upon him
sided the Archbishop delivers an exhorta
tion, to the' King and the ceremony of
homage begins.
The Earl of Clarendon, " who has been
Lord Chamberlain since 1900, is to conw
very near to greatness ' in the ceremony.
Before the oath is administered the nobles
gathered around the. King- must retire
all except the Lord Chamberlain!. Save
for this dignitary the King will receive
the oath r.lone.
After the anointing the spurs will be pre
sented- to. the sovereign by the Lord
.Chamberlain. At one point in the cere
mony before the .coronation oath the King
gives his crown to the Lord Chamberlain
to hold, which is a tremendous privilege
to reach and very few titles are big
enough to carry this privilege along with
them. The Earl will hold it while his
Majesty kneels in conformance .with tha
seemly precedent set down'by his great
grandfather.
The Lord Chamberlain's duties ara
many and various in addition to these
named 'in the corcmony. ~ He will be far
preparing for the great celebration
than in carrying out his part of It.'HIa
regular duties include the care of all the
officers and servants belonging to the
King's; chambers except those belonging
to the bedchamber;, ho has the oversight
of revels and music; of handicrafts and
artisans; of the King's heralds, chaplains,
physicians and apothecaries. It, is hia
duty to inspect the charges of coronations.
The state palaces -of- Windsor Castle.
Buckingham Palace and St. James 'are
under his charge. All functions he over
sees. .
So it is easy to understand, that he is
a very busy man at present and has been
for many weeks. JL is also easy to un-
Primate, and he set his lips in a way that
only England's Archbishop would dare do. j
"I won't have it done. It'il make me a
fright," said the lady.
The lady and the priest continued to
argue. The matter was submitted to ar
bitration. King Edward did. not want to
emer into the affair at all, for he had al
ready had ull kinds of a time with 'hor
en the subject of her wearing a purple
re be.' He had attempted to square that
matter by telling her that she had a com
plexion which would stand for anything,
but she had been married, so many years
that this was a waste- of words.
So he decided to wash his hands of the
oil.- He refused to have anything what
ever to say about it. And it was left to
the tact and ingenuity of that wonderful
Sl-year-old man, Temple, himself, to get
around the difficult, matter.
"We will have the oils prepared in a
celiii form of wax," said he.
Which (shows that he has a-plenty of
wisdom in affairs temporal, for he baa
succee.ded In managing a woman.
. As the ceremony progresses the Arch
bishop's duties grow manifold. He hands
the sword to the sovereign. He delivers
.the scepter with the cross into his right
hand and the rod with the dove into his
left. Then comes the actual ¦ crowning. .
The Archbishop, standing before, the
altar, takes the crown in his hands, and,
laying it. again on the altar, says a col
lect for a blessing on the sovereign about
to be crowned. The Dean cf Westmin
ster brings the crown from the altar and
the Archbishop takes it from him and
reverently places it upon the King's head.
At this point the people acclaim their
newly crowned sovereign with shouts <jf
"Gcd save the King." After the noise of
guns and the cheering of people has sub-
three-quai .-.s <»t an hcur is quite lor.?
enough for him to <;r.durt* the ceremony
of coronation. What Edward .said amount
ed in brief to "cut it." Hut the Arcfc-
Li^hop was horrified. -Mora than that, lie
was determined. Ke insisted upon spend
ing ninety minutes in the performance
ar.d ninety it will be.
His Majesty has proved immovable on
some points, but the AiulikL -hop has car
ried his concerning the anointing of ths
ruler. It is to be done on the breast as
well as on the forehead and chin, and a
slit has been cut in ihe robes fcr this pur-
After the sovereign enters the abbey by
the west door the Archbishop will per
form the recognition ceremony. Whiie
the King remains standi7ig by his seat,
which is known us the chair of recogni
tion, the new ruler will turn to the four
points of the compass as the little pro
cession attending him makes its way tirst
to one side, then to another of the thea
ter. The Archbishop's big English voice
wiil then -be heard addressing the as
sembled congregation:
"Sirs, I here present unto you King Ed
ward, the undoubted King of this realm:
wherefore all you who' are come this day
to do your homage, are you willing to do
the same?" t
After this the people shall cry with one
voice and that a lusty one:
"God save Kinjj Edward!"
After the Litany, ante-communion serv
ice and sermon have taken place the
Archbishop will perform the ceremony of
sr.ointing the King.
Ihe King will by this time have taken
his seat in St. Edward's chair. The-
Archbishop will anoint him with conse
crated oil, making the sign of- the cross
or his head and hands. 'The Queen, by
the way, has been causing a great dis
turbance of late by refusing to have her
face anointed with the consecrated oils.
"I won't," was what she said.
For a Queen to say "1 won't"! And the
dignified Queen ot Great Britain at that!
It might have been expected a couple of
years ago from whimsical little Wilhelm
ina when' she was in her moods of whim
sicality; but it surprised the subjects of
Alexandra when they heard of it.
Nevertheless, the fact remains that she
said "won't" and there was nothing to do
except dodge an issue. It was a case of
a woman's "won't," which is all the
BanVe be she Queen cr be she subject.
"That part of the ceiemoriy is one
winch must not be foregone," said the
and he has been abroad for some time now
regaining strength for the ordeal. -
The Lord Steward, the Lnrl of Pem
broke, is another officer of the Kings
household who has many things on his
hands these days. He has the estate of
the household entirely in his ehargq. All
affairs of the cellars, and kitchen com*
under his care. Officers and servants oi
the King's house, except those of tha .
chamber and chapel, come under his juris
diction. At state banquets he calls tha
toast to the Kins.
The Master of the Horse, who is the-
Duke of Portland, W. J. A. Cavendish-
Bentlnck, plays an important part in the
details of the. coronation. . It is eas?
enough to see why', with the. procession
that looms uri for . the next' week. •' In '.
usual state processions; it is'hi3 duty to r
ride next behind the King.' In these pro- ;
cessions he is a very splendid person, for '¦''_
he has the privilege of wearing 1 the royal >i;
livery, which is scarlet, faced ' with blua ''
and edged with gold. ' .' . ",' ? "J
Besides being splendid ' in' attire he 19."
likewise splendid in V position.' He Rat
power over.- all grooms, 3 ,coachmen,- foot- •
men. 'pages,' equorries and' the "like." " He;
has charge. cf the-.royal mews, the King's
horses and stables. It is his privilege to
apply^ to his. use .one coachman, four foot
men'and-half a dozen grooms in'the\
King's, pay. All this coe^ with being the
Master of the Horse. So on the great
day he will have charge of much cf the
procession and will have to lock filter any
number- of minor people. According to
I indent usage it has been the custom at
Coronations for the Muster cf the Horse
ride in coronation processions after the
;L6rd Chamberlain and before the Captain
General of the Royal Archer Guard of
'Scotland and' the Captain of the Yeomen
.of the v Guard.
The Duke of Newcastle, who is Her/ry
¦ P. A. Pelham-Clintcn. will present the
King with his gloves. He had to do some
neat engineering to get the position. There
¦was discussion on the subject and finally,
he insisting that the privilege belonged
to him as to his predecessors in the manor
- of Workshop, he carried his point. He is
to furnish a rich right-hand glove to his
i Majesty, to support his, hand through
-.cut the long service' and* to' relieve the
royal hand when it becomes weary of,
holding the scepter.
The Earl of Halsbury. Lord High Chan
' cellor and Keeper of the King's Con
. science, is another person of importance.
" He is the first temporal subject of the
realm. In the procession he will immedi
ately precede the Archbishop. He will re
mait: with the>\rchbbhop during the cere
mbi y of recognition, going with him to
the different points of the compass when
he turns to the assembled 'many ' to ask
If they .will do their homage to the "King.
..He has ,' his troubles.* '^too.; before the
5£eat . day. It -is: his , plnce^ to v settle' many
; a. dispute.*, as* .for" Jnstynce. |the* question
of whether "some rfis'tinSuished gentleman
• shall carry a baton off silver tipped 'with
| gold ; whether ."UnotTfer Is . to ! .bear. ' the
canopy pver thejvfijg and.QueefnVwhether
"ancithei"is to exercise- the office of "Hered
itary grand - carver -for Scotland." s. And
settling such questions among a.erewdVoT !
jealous peers is by no "mean* 'so' easy a'
matter as it might seem to be. In our
democratic fashion we marvel at the
squabbles and v.onder what difference the
matter of a baton makes anyway. But
it. becomes an affair of state on t/ie other
¦ side of the water. j
Of all the overworked people. /the Duke
of Norfolk is the most so. To him, the
coronation means some glory, but far
more wcrk. He is literally manager of all
details and every question, except thosa
ecclesiastical, is referred to him. He is
hereditary Earl Marsha) of .England,
which means that he is by right of hered
ity the .stage manager of the whole show.
He is to act as chief butler of England.
- It is his noble duty to perfect every ar
rangement from that of the line of marcli
• to the coronet of each peeress.
For "JCO years the Dukes of Norfolk
have been the premier peers of England.
For that distinction the present Duke i.-»
paying by doing the work of at least
twenty ordinary men. He has been In
structed by Kins Edward to make tho
pageant as splendid as It can be made,
and he is therefore managing the labors
of the entire heralds' college. The col
lege is working to the end of making this
ore of the greatest displays ever seen.
Twenty secretaries are being employed
by the Duke in attending to his corre
spondence on the subject of the corona
tion. He has for weska past been receiv
ing letters by the thousands. They come
from lords and ladies, who ask all sorts
of questions concerning their duties and
v their robes, the two points at present con
sidered, by all who are to take any part
•£ iif' tht? ' ceremony.
'And this for the - aake of a procession, a
' ninety-minute ceremony, another proces
sion and — it's over.
Hut for all it's so simple. It's the male
ing of a Klnc *
Archbishop Temple, the Archbishop of
Canterbury, is the most important per-
Koijage in the religious part of the cere
mony. He Is very much absorbed in the
flll-imiortant preparations and has been
fr>r a long time. What the Archbishop
frays means a great deal to England, not
only to the people as a whole but to those
in power.
Tht Archbishop is an old man now, ai
riest El years old. He has reached his
h:gh position after long years of service,
and this great ceremony Is something of
a coronation to him as well as to the
King whom he is to crown. He is a pow
erlui. keen Englishman still in spite of
his years. He saw . Victoria's reign
ttiicugh from beginning to end. He is
*.aid to be no hale and hearty yet that he
may live through even the long reign
•which all true subjects wish for their
j:ord and beloved King Edward.
He ts having a gTeat deal of trouble
with his King. Edward VII has ideas of
hit own. and they are a good many years
yourger than those of the Archbishop.
For one thins, the King thinks that
Right Rev. Randall Thomas Davidson
Is the dignitary who holds this title. He
hes been clerk of the Closet in Ordinary
to the King since 190L He is a man in his
fit tics— a man in the prime of life as his
work reckons it.
The Bishop of Winchester is another
important peison in the ecclesiastical
functions of the ceremony. After the Bi
ble has been presented to the King by the
Archbishop of Canterbury it Is returned
to the altar. After the ceremony i* passes
into the hands of the Bishop of Winches
ter as Prelate of the Order of the Garter
at? his perquisite.
On the twenty-sixth of this month, the
day to which ail England and some of
the fortunate of America ate looking for
ward with short breath, the King and
Queen will proceed in the coach from
Buckingham Pa'.ace to the west door of
Y'cstmiriFttr Abbe;'.
There the ceremonial will commence
and -will be according to ancient prece
dent. The processions will be under the
chaige of the Duke of Norfolk, who is
hereditary Larl Marshal. On the theater
will be two thrones— the King's being
two steps higher than the Queen's.
The first ceremony is that of Recog
nition. Then the oath, the anointing,
the crowning, and then the sovereign
vili be lifted to his throne by the arch
bishops and bishops. Then follows the
homage.
The Queen s coronation is similar, ex
cept that she will not be crowned In
St. Edward's chair as the King is to
be.
After these things are over the proces
sion will go to St. Edward's chapel, lay
aside lobes ard regalia and return in
the coach to Buckingham Palace.
Ever since the time of William the
Conqueror it has been customary for
the Archbishop of Canterbury to be
chfef ecclesiastic at the coronation*.
This c-p.se will be r.o exception to Ina
old rule. The famous Archbishop Tem
ple will have charge of affairs religious.
It is another time-honored custom for
the Bishop of London to preach the ser
mon at the great ceremony. Ingram is
the new Bishop of London." Another an
cient rule is that the Archbishop of
York shall assist him.
There are some of Great Britain's most
famous men who ure to be conspicuous in
both the .temporal and spiritual part of
li« brief the progress of the ceremony
-will be this:
3»^ HE King and Queen are not by any
. means the only Its at the corona-
Ktion.
Perhaps they do not realize this
"fs.cL They are very much ab
sorbed with affairs of their own. Th«
King has been having- all kinds of dis
putes with the Archbishop as to . th
form of the ceremony. The Queen has
b<en at the point of tears a dozen times
because she is being forced to wear pui
rle while- it is a color she abhors, and sh\
has threatened to do as she pleased, and
begged in turn for either red or white.
These two hardly know that there is to
be anybody else at the coronation. But
there are those to ass-st at the ceremony
who are ' quite worth the p^ice of admis
sion a!! by themselves.
Some of Great
Britain's
Most Famous
Men Who
Will Take Part
In the
Coronation.
THE -.SUNDAY- CALL.
3
DIGNITARIES OF THE CHURCH
AND STATE WISO OFFICIATE
AT THE CROWNINGIn conclusion he adds the "sub-echo" as
now used brings the following curious
facts to our notice:
"If I do not play an unnecessarily high
card it Indicates that I do not want my
partner to lead another trump, and there
fore do not signal him to do so. I as
plainly tell him this fact as I could by
'calling for trumps' when I do not want
him to lead one. Yet this 'calling' when
I don't want a trump led Is termed tho
'sub-echo.' The very reverse system
conveys the same information and Is in
accord with uniformity." .
"The principal object of this .so-termed
'sub-echo' is, however, to inform your
partner that you hold three trumps when
you have shown that you do not hold four
or more, and the method which has been
adopted to indicate this fact is to call
later in hand in order to intimate to your
partner that you do not wish him to lead
trumps. It seems to me that the very
opposite system is more in conformity
with what Is conventional.
"When, then, you hold the only trump
not In your partner's hand, to his lead of
the plain suit you play your lowest card.
If, however, you do not hold the remain
ing trump you give the signal 'change
your suit to trumps,' which would be in
terpreted, Lead your king, as one of the
adversaries holds the other trump.
The average intellect, when too much
harassed with minor details, cannot
grasp and understand the main points of
the game. Of course there are many in
stances where the "sub-echo" is of very
great value, and advanced players find it
to their advantage. Let them practice it
by all means, as every one is entitled to
the benefit of their own superior skill.
My advice to beginners is not to burden
themselves with too many signals, but
leave the "sub-echo" to the more ad
vanced players. In the Whist for June,
1898, General Drayson points out that this
method of the "sub-echo" should be re
versed. Let me quote his own words:
"If partner has taken out two rounds of
trumps, and cannot place the remaining
trump, he will therefore open his strong
plain suit. For example, he leads queen,
and then ace, of his suit. The opportun
ity for the 'sub-echo' now comes in It
has been recommended that in order to
let your partner know that you hold the
last trump, you should play an unnec
essarily high card to your partner's
queen, and a lower card to his ace, and
this is the 'sub-echo.' -Thus in order to
inform your partner that you hold the
remaining trump, and do not want an
other trump led, adopt the conventional
signal of 'calling for trumps' when you
do not want your partner to lead trumps.
Surely this is somewhat complicated and
inconsistent, especially as the same in
formation can be given by the 'change
your suit to trumps' signal.
"Let us take the same case as above;
your partner is in doubt after leading two
round of trumps, from an original lead
of six trumps, whether you hold the
other trump: he therefore opens his
plain suit. If you are a whist player you
know perfectly well why your partner
did not take out the third round of
trumps.
use. Again, too many signals are apt to
distract the mind of the player from more
important matters.
W. • E.
S.—S, 5. S.— Q, 9, 6,' 3. r
H.-10, 8. 3. H.-9, 2.
C.-Q, J, 8. C— K, 9, 4, 3.
D.— 10, 9, 7, 4, 3. D.— A, Q, J.
S.
S.— A, As., 7.
J~l.— J\., iV, \*£ t i, D.
D. — Iv, S.
Five of spades trumps, turned by West;
North to lead.
Tk. W. N. B. S.
1. 5s . 2s 3s *Ks
2. 3h . . 4h 2h ; *Qh
3. 8s 4s 6s "As
4. 3d 10s Qs* 7a
5. 4d 2d Ad* Sd
6. 7d 5d Qd *Kd
7. Jc ' Ac* 3c 2c
8. 8h Js* 9s 5c
9. • lOh Jh 9h *Kh
10. 9d 5h 4c *Ah
• 11. lOd 6d 9c • *7h
12. 8c 6c Jd *6h
13. Qc 10c ' Kc» 7c
North and South 10, East and West 3.
Trick 1— North shows four trumps.
Trick 2— South here shows his partner
his suit before returning the trump, as
he has noted that his partner holds but
four trumps and he is weak in re-entry
cards otherwise than in the suit he now
leads. .
Trick 3— South shows partner that he
originally held ¦ three trumps.
Trick 4— West by discard shows protec
tion in diamonds; North shows the jack
of spades only remaining to him in that
i suit.
Tricks 5 and 6— East leads out in accord
ance with his partner's discard.
Trick 7— South is now without any re
entry except in hearts. He knows from
the play to trick four that hl3 partner re
mains with jack of - trumps, while East
has the nine of trumps. He also knows
that his, partner's best plain suit must be
clubs. He therefore now leads a small
club in order to give partner the opportu
nity of winning a trick and drawing
East's last trump.
Tricks 8 and 9— North draws East's
trump accordingly and then gives South
re-entry in hearts, and he goes down the
line. ' |
VERY excellent out-of-door portraits
may be made even by the novice
and with the inexpensive apparatus
in use by many, beginners. . Atten
tion should be paid to the following
suggestions, however, which will materi
ally aid in the work. Choose a time when
the sun is obscured by light clouds and its
rays not too intense. A "gray day" is
good, or if the sitting is desired on a
bright, sunny day place the sitter in the
shadow of a tree or building, where the
direct rays will be avoided.' Provide a tri
pod or some solid support for the camera,
never attempting quick exposures for a
subject of this nature. If the sitter is
posed beneath a tree see to it that no
bright spots of sunshine fall upon the face
or clothing,, and carefully avoid light col
ored or brilliantly illuminated objects in
the immediate background. Let the sit
ter's eyes be directed toward some dark
or shadowed object rather, than into
bright sunshine, as the expression of the
eye will then be much more I natural.
Place the camera at, or about, a level
with the sitter's chin, and near enough so
that the sitter is the most prominent ob
ject, of the picture. Remember that this
is, a portrait and not a view for which
you are aiming, and take care that the
background and foliage is far enough
away from the sitter to be partly out of
focus or slightly , blurred when viewed
upon the ground glass or finder. Give full
exposure, and in development pay no at
tention to the background or accessories,
developing only for the face and flguro
and letting the rest take care of itself.
Avoid an overdense negative. i . The figure
may be either sitting or standing, care be
ing taken that. the pose is wholly natural .
and devoid of all artificiality or apparent
posing.
It will frequently be found in the ton
ing and finishing of silver prints that the
PHOTOGRAPHIC POINTERS FOR AMATEURS
A pious lady of Portsmouth had a hus
band who was a seaman.
He was about to start on a protracted
voyage, and, as his wife was anxious as
to her husband's welfare, she sent the
following notice to the village preacher:
"Mr. Blank, who is going to sea, his
wife desires the prayers of the congrega
tion."
As the old lady was quite illiterate tha
minister read the following to the congre
gation from the slip handed to him:
"Mr. Blank, who is going to see his
wife, desires the prayers of the congrega
tion."—London Tit-Bits.
"The chief of the Osages, who's present
to see jestice done, signs up to the Bob
cat an' that gent steps to a red blanket
an' stands on its edge with all the blanket
spread in front of him on the grass. The
Bob-cat stands on the edge, that a-way,
as he saveys when, he's plugged he'll fall
for'ard on his face. When a gent gets
the gaff for shore, he falls for'ard. If a
party is hit an' falls back'ards, yon
needn't get excited none; he's only creased
an'll get over it. .
"Wherefore, as I states, the Bob-cat
"It so turns out: the Bob-cat's thar as
cool as wild plums. He's dressed in his
best blankets an' breech-cloth; an' his
feathers an' gay colors makes him a over
whelmin' match for peacocks. Thar's a
white spot painted over his heart.
"No, son, no one gets arrested, for In
juns don't have jails for the mighty ex
cellent reason that no Iniun culprit ever
vamoses an' runs away. Injun crim'nals,
that a-way, allers stands their hands an'
takes their hemlock. The Osages. who for
Injuns is some shocked at the Bob-cat's
interruption of the dooel— it bein' mighty
onparliamentary from their standp'lnts —
tries the Bob-cat for killln' Black Cloud
an' he's decided on as guilty accordin' to
their law. They app'ints a day for the
Bob-cat to be shot; an' as he ain't present
at the trial none, leavin' his end of the
game to be looked after by his relatives,
they orders a kettle tender or tribe crier
to notify the Bob-cat when an' where he's
to come an' have said sentence execooted
upon him. When he's notified the Bob
cat don't say nothin', which Is satisfac
tory enough as thar's nothin' to be said
an' every Osage knows the Bob-cat'll be
thar at the drop of the handkerchief if
he's alive.
flickers like a gleam of light from the
hand of the Bob-cat, an* merely to show
that he ain't called the 'Knife Thrower'
for fun, catches Black Cloud flush in the
throat an' goes plumb through up to the
gyard at the' knife-haft. Black Cloud die3
for the knife p'lnt bites Into his
spine at the back of his neck.
'•NEXT DAY HE SENDS A RUNNER TO BLACK CLOUD WITH WORD THAT BLACK CLOUD HAS DONE STOLE HIS HOSS."
bright; likewise he knows what her
plantin' herse'f in his way an* her droopin'
attitoode means. He looks at her, an*
says:
" "I am a guest of the Osages, an' to
night- is not the night. Wait ontil the
Lance Is in his own teepee on the; Pole
Cat; then come.'
"Sunbright never moves, never looks up;
but she hears an* knows this is right. No
buck should steal a squaw while he's a
guest. The Lance walks on an' leaves her
standin', head bowed an' motionless, j
"Two days later the Lance is ag'in in
his teepee. Sunbright counts the lime an'
knows that he must be thar. She creeps
from the camp of Black Cloud starts
on her journey to be a new wife to a new
husband.
"Sunbright is a mile from camp when
she's interrupted. It's Black Cloud who
heads her off. Black Cloud may not b«
the boss medicine man, but he's no fool,
an* his eyes is like a wolf's eyes an' can
see in the dark. He guesses the new
love which has stampeded Sunbright.
"Injuns is a might cur'ous outfit. Now
if Sunbright had succeeded in pottin' to
the lodge of her new husband the divorce
between her an' Black Cloud would have
been complete. Moreover, if on rlie day
followin', or at any time, Black Cloud
had found her thar, he wouldn't have so
much as wagged a year or batted a eye in
recognition. He wouldn't have l^t on' he
so much as hear3 of a squaw called Sun
bright. This ca'mness would be born of
two cause3. It would be ag'in Injun etl
qutlte to go trackm' an' squander-in'
about, makin' a onseemly uproar an' dls
turbin' the gen'ral peace for purely pri
vate causes. Then ag'in it would be be
neath the dignity of a high grade savage
an' a big medicine sharp to conduct him
se'f like he'd miss so trivial a thing as a
squaw.
"But ontil Sunbright fulfills her elope
ment projects an' establishes herse'f on
der the protectin' wing of her new love
she's runnln' resks." She's still the Black
Cloud's squaw; an' after she pulls her
marital picket pin, an' while she's gettin'
away, if the bcreaved> Black Cloud crosses
up with her he's free onder the license
permitted to Injun husbands to kill her
an' skelp her an' dispose of her as con
sists^ best with his notion. • '-:•:/; ,
."Sunbright knows this; an' when- sha
runs ag'in the Black Cloud in her flight
she seats herse'f in the long prairie grass
an' covers her head with her blanket an'
speaks never a word. .
"'Does Sunbright so love me,' says
Black Cloud, turnin' a heap sarcastic,
'that she comes.to meet me? Is it for me
she has combed her ha'r an* put on new
feathers an' beads? Does she wear her
new blanket an" paint her face bright for
Black Cloud?- Or does she dress herse'f
like the sun ¦ for that Creek dog. th.j
Lance?' Sunbright makes no reply. Black
Cloud looks at her a moment an* then
goes on: 'It's for the Lance! Good! I
will fix the Sunbright -so she will*be a
good squaw to my friend the Lance an'
never run from his lodge as she does now
from Black Cloud's.' \
"With that he stoops down, an' a slash
of his knife cuts the heel-tendons of Sun
bright's right foot. She groans, an'
writhes about the prairie, while Black
Cloud puts his knife back in his belt, gets
into his saddle ag'in an' rides away. The
next day a Creek boy finds the body of
Sunbright where she rolls herse'f Into the
branch and is drowned.
"When the Lance hears the story an'
sees the knife slash on Sunbright' s heel,
he reads the trooth. It gives him a bad
heart; he paints his face red an' black an'
thinks how he'll be revenged. Next day
he sends a runner to Black Cloud with
word that Black Cloud has done stole his
hoss. This is to arrange a fight on virtu
ous grounds. The Lance says that in two
day3, when the sun is overhead Black
Cloud must come to the three cottonwoods
near the mouth of the Cimmaron an" fight,
or the Lance on the third day an* each
day after that will hunt for him as he'd
hunt a wolf ontil Black -Cloud is dead.
The Black Cloud's game, an' sends back
word that on the second day he'll be
thar by the three cottonwoods when the
sun is overhead; also that he will fight
with four arrows.
-.'"Then Black "Cloud goes at once for he
has no time to lose, an' kills a dog near
his lodge. He cuts out his-heart an' car
ries it lo the rocky canyon where the
rattlesnakes have a village. Black Cloud
throws the dog's heart among them, an*
teases them with it, an' the rattlesnakes
bite the dog's heart ag'in an' ag'in ontil
it's as full of p'isen as Huggins is of
rum. After that, Black Cloud puts the
p'isened heart in the hot sun an' lets it
fret an' fester ontil just before he. goes to
his- dooel with the Lance. • As he's about
to start, Black Cloud dips the four steel
arrow heads over an' over in the p'isened
heart, bein' careful to dry the p'sen on
the arrowheads; an' now whoever is
touched with those arrows so that the
blood comes -is shore to die. The biggest
medicine in the nation couldn't save him.
"Thar's forty Osages and forty Creek
bucks at the three cottonwoods to see
that the dooelists get a squar' deal. The
Lance an' Black. Cloud is thar: each has
a bow an' four arrows; each has made
medicine all night that he may kill his
man. But the dooel strikes a obstacle.
"Thar's a somber, sullen sport among
the Osages who's troo name is the 'Bob
cat,' but who's called the 'Knife Thrower.'
The Bob-cat is one of the Osage forty.
Onknown to the others, this yere Bob-cat
—who it looks like is a mighty impression
able savage — is himse'f iii love a whole lot
with the dead Sunbright. An' he's hot
an' cold because he's fearful that in this
battle, of the bows the Lance'll down
Black Cloud an' cheat him," the Bob-cat,
of his own revenge. The chance is to.o
much; the Bob-cat can't stand it an' re
solves to get his stack down first. An"
so it happens that as Black Cloud an'
the Lance, painted in their war colors, is
walkln' to their places, a nine-inch knife
The green parrot stuffed, but with Its
feet missing, is to be found in natural
history museums all over the world. But
no one has ever succeeded in keeping a
specimen alive in captivity.— New York
Sun. ; ;--/-'
The natives say that the birds always
commit suicide in the same way, by peck
ing at their breasts until the jugular vein
is exposed. A final peck severs the artery
8nd the bird quickly bleeds to death. The
quetzal dies, but never surrenders.
No parrot has ever been brought from
its forest home alive. They struggle des
perately when caught, and when they
find they cannot escape they kill them
selves, so it is declared.
The parrot perches on the sticky limb
and is held fast. The natives remove the
bird from the limbs by the .simple ex
pedient of cutting off their feet.
The parrots are too wary to be caught
in a trap. The Indians first watch the
parrot, sometimes, for days at a time,
until they discover their haunt3. Then
they smear the limbs of surrounding trees
with thick glue.
The quetzal lives In the wildest parts
of the mountains and never visits the
neighborhood of the town3 or cities. The
only parrots ever brought out of the for
ests are caught by the native Indians.
The Guatemalans say that this bird,
which so skillfully eludes capture and dies
rather than surrender, is typical of their
own country and its people.
The Guatemalans are very proud of
\heir national bird and have written many
songs and poems about it. The parrot
was selected for the national emblem r>e
cause it was found very hard to catch
and because tradition says that when once
imprisoned it always kills Itself rather
than remain in captivity.
It is found only in the forests of Guate
mala. The green parrot or quetzal, as it
is called, has been made the national em
blem of Guatemala, just as the American
eagle has become the national emblem of
the United States.
GUATEMALA'S
NATIONAL BIRD
rHB republic of Guatemala decorates
its coat of arms, its stamps and ita
official documents with the picture
of a beautiful parrot. The bird la
of a rich green color, with tufted head
and a long tall, which frequently grows
to a length of four or five feet.
The "sub-echo" is the name bestowed
upon the play which indicates the holding
criginally of exactly three trumps after
there has been a refusal to echo posses
eicn of four trumps.
The "sub-echo," therefore, can only be
given in plain suit and when two rounds
of trumps have already been played and
you have not echoed, four trumps.
For example, partner leading trumps,
the first round falling to opponents and
you net holding four trumps, play your
lowest trump; the two, for instance,
would show you were not echoing.
The opponent then opens ace and king
cf his suit. You should play a high card
and then a lower, for instance the three
and then the two, which proclaims the
original possession of three trumps and
the "sub-echo."
It often happens that partner has called
for trumps. You can show three trumps
ljy "sub-echoing" In plain suit. For ex
ample, the opponent leads the queen of
his suit. You holding just three trumps,
say the eight, four and two, on the queen
you play the four, on the ace you play
tae eight and on the king you play the
two. You have now completed the "sub
echo." There has been much discussion
among whist experts on the advisability
cf using the "sub-echo," as it Is apt to
complicate the play and to be a source of
n-Isunderstandins between partners. One
cf the principal objections is that it takes
too Ions to develop, as two suits must be
led and one continued until the third
round before any definite knowledge can
t>3 conveyed, and in most cases the in
formation comes too late to be of any
BY MRS. E. P. SCHELL.
THE student will understand that
when his partner calls for or lead*
trumps he is supposed to echo, if lie
holds four trumps, at the very first
opportunity, and to "sub-echo" If
te holds three trumps.
LESSONS FOR THOSE WHO PLAY WHIST
£"T>jHAR might, of course, be romances
i " la the West."' observed the Old Cat
j tleman, reflectively, in response to
I my question, "but the folks ain't got
JL no time. Romance that a-way de
mands leesure. an" a party has lo bo
more or less Jdlin' about to get what you
all might style romantic action. Take that
war jig v/hertof I recently relates, an'
wherein this yere Wild Bill Hickox wipes
out the McCandlas gang complete— s-ix to
his Colt's, four to his bowie an' o'ne to h!s
Hawkins rifle; eleven in all— I a.sks him
myse'f later, when he's able to talk,
don't he regyard the eeplsode as some ro
mantic. An' Bill says, 'Xo, I don't notice
no romance tharin; what impresses me
most is that she's shore a zealous fight—
iilso, mighty busy.'
"Injur.s would be romantic a heap, only
they're so plumb ignorant they never
once saveys. Thar's no Injun word for
romantic; them benighted savages never
tumblin' to seen a thing as romance boin'
possible. An* yet, as 1 states yeretofore.
said aborigines engages in plays which a
eddicated Eastern taste with Icesure on
its hands' an' gropin' about for entertain
ment would pass on as romantic.
"When I'm pesteiin' about the Osages
on that one o'casion when I'm tryin' to
make a round-up of my health, the old
buck Strike Axe relates to me a tale which
I allers looks on as possessin' elements.
Will 1 tell it to you-all? Shore; an' it's as
simple an' straight as the eights of a
Winchester. It's about a squaw an' three
bucks, an' thar's enough blood in it to
paint a wagon. Which I reckons now I'll
relate it plain an* easy, an' free of them
frills ¦wherewith a professional racontoor
ib so prone to overload his narratives.
"The Black Cloud is a Osage medicine
man an' has repoote about Greyhoss,
¦where he's pitched his tepee an* abides.
He's got a squaw, Sunbright, an' he's
plenty jealous of this yere "little Sun
bright. The Black Cloud has three
Bquaws an' Sunbrisht is the youngest. The
others is Sunbright's sisters, for, a Osage
weds all the sisters of a fam'ly at once
that a-way, the oldest sister goin' to the
front at the nuptials to deal the weddin'
game for the .entire outfit.
"Now this Sunbright ain't over-enam
oured of Black Cloud; he's only a half
blood. Injun for one thing, his father bein'
a buffalo-man (negro) who's j'ined the
Osages, an' Sunbright don't take kindly
to his nose, •which is some flatter than the
best rools of Osage beauty demands; an'
likewise thar's kinks in his ha'r. Stiil,
Sunbright sort o' keeps her aversions tj
herse'f, an' if it ain't for what follows,
she most likely would have traveled to
her death-blankets an' been given a seat
on a hill with a house of rocks built
'round her — the same bein' the usual bur
ial play of a Osage— without Black Cloud
ever saveyin' that so far from interestin' :
Sunbright, he only makes her tired.
"Black Cloud's camp is at Greyhoss, the
eame bein* a Osage village. Over south,
across the Arkansas an' some'ers between
the Pole Cat an' the Cimmaron, thar's a
voung Creek buck called the Lance. He's
straight an' slim an* strong as the weepon
he's named for; an' he like Black Cloud
is a medicine sharp of cel'bratlon an' 'way
up in the papers. The Creeks is never
weary talkin' about the Lance, an' whac
a marvel as a medicine man he is; also,
by way of insaltin' the Osages, they de
clar's onhesitatin' that the Lance lays
over Black Cloud like four tens over ace
high, an' offers to bet hosses an' blankets,
an' go as far as the Osages likes, that
Ihis is troo.
"By what Strike Axe Informs me— an*
he ain't none likely to overplay in his
statements— by what Strike Axe tells me,
I says, the Lance must shore have been
a jo-darter as a medicine man. Let it get
dark with the night an" no moon in the
Ekies, an* the Lance could take you-all
into his medicine lodge, an' the next news
you'd get you'd hear the eperits flappin'
their pinions like some one flappin' a
blanket, an' thar'd be whisperin's an'
coin's on outside the lodge an' in, while
lire eyes would show an' burn an' glower
up in the peak of the tepee: an' all plenty
ekeary an' mystifyin'. Besides there yere
accomplishments the Lance is one of them
mesmerism sports who can set anamiles
to dreamin'. He could call a coyote or a i
fox or even so fitful an* nervous a prop'sl- ;
tion as a antelope; an' little by little i
fcnuffin' an' cnortln'. or if it's a coyote. :
¦whinin*. them anamiles would approach I
the Lance ontil they're that clost he'd i
tickle their heads with his fingers while i
they stands chiverin' an* swe&tln' with |
Ell sorts of apprehensions. You can put i
BY ALFRED HENRY LEV/IS.
Copyright, IOCS, by Hubert Hov.ard Kussell.
a bet on it, son, that accordin' to this on
biased buck, Strike Axe, the Lance is 6n*
doubted the high kyard among medicin
I men throughout the entire Injun range. .
"Nacherally, the Black Cloud is some
, heated ag'in the Lance, an' looks on him
with a baleful eye as a rival. Stfll, Black
Cloud has his nerve with him constant,
. an' tharfore one day when the Osages an'
Creeks has been dlspootin' touchln' the
respective powers of him an' the Lance,
an' this yere latter Injun offers to come
over to Greyhoss an' make medicine ag'in
him. Black Cloud never hesitates or hangs
buck like a dog onder a wagon, but calls
the bluft a heap prompt an" tells the
Lance to come a-runnin'.
'Which the day is set 3n' the Lance
shows in the door, as monte sharps would
sov. Black Cloud an' the Lance tharupon
indulges themse'fa an' delights the as
sembled Creeks an' Osages with their
whole box of tricks, an' each side is brag
gin' an' boastin' an" puttin' it up that
their gent is most likely the soonest medi
cine man who ever paints his face black.
U'e about a even break between the two.
"Black Cloud accompanies himse'f to
this contest with a pure white pony which
has eyes as loobies— a kind of Albino
pony— an' he gives it forth that this
yere milk-colored bronco is his 'big medi
cine 1 or familiar sperit. The Lance ob
serves that this little red-eyed hoss is
mighty impressive to the savages, be they
Creeks or Osages. At last he says to
Blae!« Cloud:
" 'To show how my medicine is stronger
than yours, to-morry I'll make your red
eyed big medicine bronco go lame in his
• nigh hind les.'
"Black Cloud grins scornful at this; he
allows that no sport can make his white
pony so lame.
"He's plumb wrong: the next mornin'
the whke pony is limpin 1 an' draggin' his
nigh hind hoof, an" when he's standin'
still he p'ints the toe down like some
thing's fetched loose. Black Cloud is sore,
but he can't find no cactus thorn nor
r.othin' to bring . about the lameness,
an" he don't know what to make of the
racket. Black Cloud's up ag'inst it, an'
the audience begins to flgger that the
Lance's medicine, jest as he claims, is too
strong for Black Cloud.
"What's the trouble with the red-eyed
pony? That's simple enough, son. The
Lance done creeps over in the night an'
ties a hoss ha'r tight about the pony's laig
above the fetlock. Black Cloud ain't up
to no sech move, the sftnie. bcin' a trade
secret of the Lance's} an' bein' the hoss
ha'r is hid In the ha'r on the pony's laig,
no one notes its presence.
"After Black Cloud looks his red-eyed
big medicine pony all over, an' can't
onderstand its lameness, the Lance asks
him will he cure it. Black Cloud, who's
scowlln' like a thunder storm by now, re
torts that he will.. So he gets his pipe an'"
fills it with medicine tobacco an' blows a
mouthful of smoke in the red-eyed pony's
nose. Such remedies don't work: that
pony still limps on three laigs, draggin'
the afflicted member mighty pensive.
"At last the Lance gives Black Cloud a
patronizin' smile an' says that his med
icine'll cure the pony, sound an' well,
while you're crackin' off a gun. He walks
up to the pony an' looks long in its red
eyes; the pony's years an' tail droops, its
h<*ad hangs down, an' it goes mighty neai
to sleep. Then, the Lance rubs his hand
two or three times up an 'down the lame :
laig above the fetlock an' nacherally elim
'nates that hossha'r ligature, an' no one '
the wiser. A moment after, he wakes up 1
the red-eyed pony, an' to the amazement
of the Osages an' the unbounded delight '
of the Creeks, the pony is no longer lame
an' said laig late afflicted is as solid an'
healthy as a sod house. What's bigger :
medicine still, the red-eyed pony begins i
to follow the Lance about like a dog an' !
same as if its enamored of him; an' to
bite an 1 r'ar an' pitch an' jump sideways
if Black Cloud tries to put his paw on
him. Then all the Injuns yells with one
voice :
" 'The Lance has won the Black Cloud's :
big medicine red-eyed pony away from 1
him.'
"The Lance is shore the limit, they says, :
an' Black Cloud discovers that he ain't a i
four-spot by comparison. His rcpoota- 1
tion Is gone, an' the Lance regyarded as 1
the fashionable medicine man along the <
Arkansaw. : j
"Sunbright Is lookln' on at these man-' 1
oovers I've been chroniclln', an' her heart '
goes out to the Lance; she falls more I
deeply in love with him than even the ;
red-eyed bronco docs. That evenin' as !
the Lance is goln' to his camp onder the i
cottonwoods, he meets up with Sunbright
standin' plumb still in his path with her j
head bowed like a flower that's gone to <
sleep. The Lance saveys; he knows Sun- i
MILLS OF
SAVAGE GODS
"What becomes of the Lance? It's two
weeks later when that scientist is waitcl
on by a delegation of Osage3. They re
mind him that Sunbright has two sisters,
the same beln' now widows by virchoo of
the demise of that egreegious Black
Cloud. Also, the Black Cloud was rich;
his teepee was sumptuous, an' he's left a
buckskin coat with ivory elk teeth tewed
onto it, plenty as stars at midnight. Th«j
coat is big medicine; moreover, thar's the
milk-white big: medicine bronco with rc<l
eyes. The Osage delegation puts forth
these trooths while the Lance sets cross
lalged on a b'arskln an' smokes willow
bark with* much dignity. In the finish,
the Osage outfit p'lnts up to the fact that
their tribe is shy a medicine man. an' a
gent of the Lance accomplishments, who
can charm anamiles an' lame broncos wi:i
be a mighty welcome addition to ths-
Osage body politic. In the end. the Lame
lays down his pipe an' says, 'It's enough:'
An' the next day he sallies over an' weclj
them two relicts of Black Cloud an' suc
ceeds to that dead necromancer's estate
at one fell swoop. The two widows
chuckles an' grins after the manner of
ladies, to get a new husband so plumo
swift, an' one who's so much in fashion,
an\ abandenin' his lodge on the Pole Cat,
the Lance sets up his game at Greyhoss,
an' onless he's petered he's thar dealin*
It yet."
stands on the edge of the blanket, so it's
spread out in front to catch him where he
drops. Thar's not a word spoke by either
the Bob-cat or the onlookers, the latter
openin* out into a lane behind so the lead
can go through. When the Bob-cat's or
ganized, his cousin, a buck whose name is
Little Feather, walks to the front of the
blanket an* comes down careful with hi3
Winchester on the white spot over ths
Bob-cat's heart. Thar's a moment's si
lence as the Bob-cat's cousin runs his eye
through *the sights; thar's a flash <-.n* a
spit of gray smoke; the white spot turns
red with blood; an' the Bob-cat falls ulons
on his face as" soft as a sack of corn.
Xjewii/*
WOLFVILLE STORIES
THE SUNDAY C ALIi.
If taken directly from the washing-box
or tray and allowed to dry without this
rinsing of the film side there is great
danger of the negative showing small
bubbles and air cells after drying, which
it is then too late to remedy. A tuft of
absorbent cotton will be found a most
convenient adjunct to all washing opera
tions connected with photography
Users of films will find that after devel
opment and fixing they may be washed
with ease and certainty by pinning the
strips to a piece of board and floating the
same/film down. In the bathtub. In this
way they may be left Indefinitely without
attention, and as the chemicals to be
eliminated from the film are heavier than
the water the process is simple and thor
ou * h - w. I. SCANDLIX.
In the washing of negatives after fix
ing it Is very Important that they be
thoroughly rinsed or wiped over under
the tap with a wet and soft wad of ab
sorbent cotton before being put In the
rack to dry-
the action of the lamp will show decided
fog.
One of the earmarks by which a suc
cessful amateur Is known is to be found
In the condition of his dark room and the
manner In which his developing and other
solutions are shelved. Nothing is more
important, where chemicals of various
kinds are kept In proximity to one
another, than that each should be prop
erly bottled and labeled in a manner that
Is not only perfectly legible, but also per
manent. One of the best methods for la
beling bottles of this kind is to grind on
the surface of the bottle Itself a patch of
the glass large enough to hold any ordin
ary label that may be required for its
contents. This grinding may be done in a
few moments by rubbing the surface of
the bottle with a piece of emery cloth and
the addition of a little emery powder.
This roughening of the surface gives a
ground glass effect, on which a label may
be written with pencil or Ink, as desired,
after which it may be varnished to pre
vent rubbing off. The careful worker al
ways pours from the bottle on the side
opposite the label, so that the drippings,
which are more or less apt to run down
the side of the bottle, will not obliterate
the label Itself.
The amateur sometimes finds himself
in a position where it is very difficult ta
obtain a sufficient supply of fresh water
to thoroughly carry *out all the washing
necessary for the making of a negative,
and in such cases ho can to . advantage
use sea water for the washing of his
plates after fixing in the hypo, provided
they are again thoroughly rewashed in
fresh water after arriving at a place
where it is obtainable. It will not often
be necessary cr advisable to subject a
large number of plates to this process,
but it may safely be used for such plates*
. as are necessary to test exposures while
traveling, or for other urgent occasions.
Many faulty negatives made during
the summer season are the direct results
of carelessness on the part of the ope
rator in failing to make the dark room
light tight. The desire for ventilation in
the hot, stuffy room leads to all sorts of
experiments for the letting in of air, and
with the air is almost sure to come dan
gerous light, which causes foggy, light
streaked Dlate3 and all sorts of Imper
fections in the negatives, the blame for
which is often Jaid upon the manufac
turer of the plate3. Too much care can
not be taken to keep all light from en
trance and to be sure that the ruby lamp
Is safe in all particulars. An occasional
test should be made of the dark room
conditions by leaving a plate partially
.exposed to the rays of the dark room
lamp for fifteen or twenty minutes and
then developing and fixing in hypo as
usual. If the light is safe the plate will
fix evenly all over, leaving clear glass;
if unsafe, the part that was exposed to
surface of the paper is covered with
minute spots or specks. This is very
often the result of impurities in the
water used in washing, minute particles
of iron being contained in the water of
very many localities. ' Wherever this
trouble is found to exist it may be ob
viated and almost entirely prevented by
filtering the water through a flannel
bag, which may. to advantage, be tied
over the faucet through which the water
Is drawn.
After four or five rounds the play of an
unnecessarily, high card tells your partner
not to lead trumps. By using the term
"change your suit to trumps" we get rid
of unnecessary verbosity, as -this term
covers "the call for trumps," "the echo"
and the "sub-echo."
At the beginning of the play of a hand
the play of an unnecessarily high card
tells your partner to lead trumps.THE SUNDAY CAL.i.
publicity of even the simplest things con
nected with his private life as well 'as
his royal duties he has more than once
by force of circumstances been put to the
severest test to prove his title of "first
gentleman of England," and as many
times he has nobly acquitted himself.
Since his father's death he has been
the acknowledged leader of English so-
cietv. and as patron of the arts he taught
the smart set to support opera until Lon
don has come to be the undisputed center
of musical culture. It is an undoubted
fact, and one by which many Americans
might profit, that King Edward taught
the fashionables by his example to be
in their boxes when the curtain rises,
and that it is bad form to leave before
He once invited to his house a number
of the most distinguished men in a cer
tain profession. They were all, no doubt,
a little nervous at first, but the Prince's
affability soon put each of them at his
ease — so much at his ease,' indeed, that
it is quite possible to understand how
one man among so many misunderstood
his attitude. In the evening the Prince
and his guests adjourned for smoking and
an impromptu entertainment ensued. One
of the nicest and Indeed one of the best
bied of the men took his turn at the piano
and commenced to sing a. song which
was decidedly coarse. .
It is this very dislike of snobbishness
of every sort that has given King Ed
ward his title of "first gentleman of Eng
land." thofigh there were many times,
when, as the Prince of Wales, his position
compelled him to take a course of "action
•which has not always been easy ~for
others to appreciate. Here Is "a story
which illustrates why he has always been
known as the "Prince of good fellows."
the performance is over. It was his good
taste and dislike of ostentation that put
an end to the ridiculous old fashioned
custom of the manager receiving royalty
and walking upstairs backward with ;a
pair of lighted candles in his hand. He
also proved his Innate courtesy '^y doing
away with the inconvenience of the cur
tain being kept down until he. arrived,
and he has allowed it to be known that
he strongly objects to the national an
them being played as the signal of his
arrival. Indeed, he gives less trouble
than the majority of his inferiors.
Every eye but that of the singer was
turned on the Prince of Wales. He made
no -effort to disguise his feelings. What
ever he may have thought, he felt that
he was bound to take notice of this In
discretion. He first turned his chair
slightly, but the singer went on singing.
A terrible silence filled the room, but the
singer took it for attention and continued.
The 'Prince coughed and fidgeted a little,
but the singer did not hear or see and
nobody took , the initiative in warning
him. During the next verse the Prince
started talking louder and louder until
the singer's voice was drowned and he
stopped and turned and looked, and when
he realized his position wished the ground
would suddenly open and swallow him.
There was no mistake about it; he had
been snubbed. Cl .
There as far as the Prince -was con
cerned, the matter might have ended, and
if there had been any honor among the
Prince's guests for their_host's sake and
for the sake '. of fheir profession they
would have held their tongues. But they
went out into the highways and byways
and cried their comrade's shame and their
own indignation. Some told of it tragic
ally, some comically, but none of them
told it very carefully, and needless to say
the gossipy papers made the most of it.
This is where Albert Edward proved his
title to be "Prince of good fellows."
When he saw what had happened he
drove straight up to Bond street and pur
chased a box for the next entertainment
at which his indiscreet guest was to ap
pear. He drove back and asked the Prin
cess to excuse herself from any social
engagement which she might have, and
the Prince and Princess of Wales made
themselves particularly prominent in tha
front of that box and effusively applaud-
While as a leader of fashion the King
Ismail powerful, he is good natured to
a degree .with regard to the imitation of
his hats, coats, the cut of his collars
or the pattern of his sleeve links.
When his position and the exigencies
of his life are taken into consideration,
Jl cannot be said that the King is ex
travagant with his clothes; and perhaps
it is the fact that he possesses the largest
wardrobe in the world of uniforms and
stats robes that induces him to restrict
himself in the matter of what may be
called mufti. But what is wise econo
my in a King might be undue extrav
agance in a subject. It must be. remem
bered that, as a matter of course, the
King's wardrobe includes every variety
of attire for ordinary and special use.
so that suits for wear in town or adapted
ed the performer whose Indiscretion they
deemed had been punished enough with
out the interference of his fellows.
His strong objection to snobbery and
cheap notoriety has been abundantly dis
played in ¦ other ways. It Is commonly
supposed that his admiration and encour
agement supported- the cult of the "pro
fessional beauty." The ladies who were
known to the public by that term were
many of them members of circles in
which King Kdward. as the Prince of
Wales, moved; but it is not generally
known that when, after a time, the
Prince found that the profession of beau
ty was becoming scandalous In its vul
garity and advertisement, he decided to
put a stop to the whole business by re
fusing to accept or to know those who
were making a trade of their good looks.
In the • same way the "bazaar mania"
and the ridiculous means resorted to by
smart society ladies and well-known ac
tresses to extort money from their pa
trons received a severe check from the
Prince of Wales, who. on one occasion.
was kind enough to lend his personal
patronage to a-' great fancy fair got
up at the Albert Hall.
In the course of the afternoon he hon
ored the refreshment stall by his pres
ence, and asked for a cup of tea. The
tea was being sold at a figure sufficient
ly exorbitant to • cover the calls of char
ity, but the fair vender, thinking to cover
herself, with glory, before handing him
the cup, drank from it herself, saying:
"Now the cup of tea will cost 5 guineas."
The Prince gravely paid the money ask
ed, handed back the tea and said: "Will
you please give me a clean cup?"
It is needless to say that the quiet
snub greatly helped to suppress all such
devices as were resorted to by ladies of
a certain section of society.
However, from those whom he likes
well. King Edward is very tolerant ot
familiarity. On one occasion ' Lord
Charles Beresford was compelled to re
fuse one of his invitations to dinner
with a telegram, which ran: "Sorry
cannot come; lie to follow," which
tickled hi3 Royal Highness immensely.
Of course, according to the popular no
lion his Majesty's long career has been
one continual round of pleasure, but the'
fact is. King Edward is and has been
one of the hardest working mortals In.
the whole world. Even his pleasures have
been eo hedged about with ceremony that
they have ofttimes become very much
In the nature of work, and in the extreme
IX tie "fierce light thai beats upon a.
throne" King: Edward VII, the "first
yevriy-maw of England." has led a
strexraairs life since earliest babyhood-
He is perhaps without exception the
most remarkable man jn the whole world.
His list cf accomplishments 'Is truly stu
pendous tad It has been said truly
enough that be has been everywhere,
and seen eteijthlag and everybody.
Tite fonce ot this statement is Illastrat
etl ha sraniaary of the chief incidents of
his life. " Born in Buckingham Palace. No
vember 9. 1SCL and created Prince of
YTsJes on December 4th. he was educated
by private tutors and at Edinburgh, Ox
ford and Cambridge, and in 1SG0 already
appointed a. colonel in the array. He vis
ited c^mfl-n and came southward to re
ceive a most cordial greeting in the Uni
ted States, bo cordial Indeed that tha
Duke of Newcastle said : j
**If the Prince remains here much long
er, there te danger of hJs being nominated
to the Presidency and elected by unan
imous consest."
On his return he nnflenrcnt a course
of military Instruction in camp at Oa
nagh. Kildare. He was rapidly promoted
to the rank of Field Marshal and he holds
fclgh rank by courtesy in many European
armies.
In OSS with Dean Stanley, he traveled
en the Continent and In the East, visiting
Jerusalem and returning to take his seat
In the House of Lords as the Duke of
Cornwall- His marriage to the Princess
Alexandra, eldest daughter of the King
of Denmark, was celebrated March 10.
1&G3. Journeys which ranged from Swe
den to Athens; a nearly fatal attack of
typhoid fever in 1S7J; his admission in
J?75 to the Masonic Order, of which ha
has been Grand Master; a remarkable
visit to India in the same year; his prom
inent part in the Paris Exhibition of 1878;
his tour of IrcJ*yid with the Princess in
3&S5; his part in founding the Imperial In
stitute at South Kensington In 1SS3, and
the General Hospital Fund in ISM— these
may be cited among the various phases
of an active life which has also included
a leading role in great ceremonials liko
the obsequies of the late Czar, the
Queen's Jubilee and the Diamond Jubilee,
innumerable functions and Journeys, and
a monotonous succession of minor cere
monies like the oft repeated laying of
cornerstones.
PERSONALITY OF
THE MAN
SOON TO BE
CROWNED RULER
OF ENGLAND.
But in the stalking of big game, such as
crocodiles on the Nile and tigers and wild
elephants In India, his Majesty won hla
greatest reputation as a sportsman. Dur
ing one week of hunting in the Jungle he
killed seventeen tigers ta such grand style
and with such superb poise and coolness
that even the natives, accustomed as they
are by generations of careful training to
hunt such dangerous game, were aston
ished.
But it is in all the social accomplish
ments with which the imagination invests
a Prince that King Edward excels. As
master of the dance he is par excellence.
He likes a love story and never misses an
opportunity of making a good marriage
for a plain girl or a younger son. of patch
ing up a quarrel between a pair of lovers,
or of bringing a foolish young husband
and wife together. Truly what further
accomplishments need a man hare to win
the title of "first gentleman of England"?
However.it is the love of shooting that
may be said to be a positive passion with
King Edward. A royal battue, or big
shoot, is an Important event, that occurs
only a few times during each year. Hla
Majesty is considered by good judges the
best shot in the kingdom. His most suc
cessful efforts are overhead shots at rock
eters. The sight when the driven birds
finally rise with a whirr of wings Just
above the guns is most extraordinary and
is only to, be seen on' estates that are as
carefully preserved as those of the King.
And his bags are simply astounding. Since
1SS0 the bags have grown from ten to six
teen thousand, this latter figure being
reached in the bis shoots in I$}f5-8G. The
average result of a single shoot is nowa
days- between 2000 and 2000 head of game,
of which the greater number are pheas
ants. When a clearance of rabbits is nec
essary at Wolverton, a large party of first
rate shots is invited, and 6000 are generally
killed.
for smart and quiet race meetings ar«
In abundance.
The King holds complimentary naval
and military appointments in most coun
tries, and each necessitates four uni
forms, comprising full dress, undress,
mess kit and overcoat, and nearly fifty
helmets, swords and uniform belts, be
sides the, full robes of Knights of tlw
Garter, Saint Patrick and the Thistle. Of
orders of chivalry the King possesses
nine that are English and fifty that are
foreign. All of these have their respec
tive collars and decorations. Besides these
his JIajesty has full regalias of various
degrees of ilasonry. It will thus be seen
that the King's wardrobe Is literally Im
mense.
Though verv democratic, and even tol
erant of familiarity, when the Stag
wishes to remain incept nothing: vexes him
more than to be addressed cr treated as
a royal personage. Under the alias of
"Mr. and Mrs. Williams" the King and
Queen have often gone into che poorer
quarters of their realm and the slum3 o*
London and Investigated for themselves
the condition of the poor. On one occa
sion the King had arranged to lunch
quietly at the house of a friend, but hl3
astonishment and vexation were extreme
when on driving up at the hour appointed
he found rod cloth laid down everywhere,
the hall filled with bowing servants and
the drawing-room overflowing with gues:s
who had been bidden in a hurry ""to meet
the Prince of Wales."
In nothing has the King proved hi3 title
to be "first gentleman of England" so
much as in the line of sport. In the
"sport of kings" he has been known for
several decades as the "King of sports,""
though in breeding and running race
horses of the first class his Majesty only
followed In the footsteps of a long Una
of royal patrons of the English turf. In
deed, it is his patronage of the turf and
his unswerving love of fair play that has
raised the Anglo-Saxon to the proud emi
nence of the greatest sportsman In the
world. There is scarcely a pastime or
sport that the King has not some knowl
edge of. for he not only likes to see
everything wherever he goes, but also, as
far as possible, to try his skill at any
fresh game that he meets with.
THE FIRST GENTLEMAN OF EUROPE
KING EDWARD VII
5'•"¦¦¦•¦' ¦¦"."•".-H--V . v
Philade'phla,. was the only American
with our forces. • ¦
"He had stated on -the day of the fight
he had, acting on Lieutenant Lanjdsdale's
instructions, bidden the bodv of Hie Colt
gur. in a certain place, and* believed he
could tind it. . When we reached the
scene of the tight I happened to be quite
near to Fisher. He said that he "r-had
hidden the gun under a heap of cocoa
nut leaves, and remarked: 'It was some
where about here, and if It was n>:t in
that heap it was- in the next one.' Sure
enough, young George Reid, kicking at
the next heap, discovered the gun. It
was rusty, of course, but just-in the po
sition where It had been placed.
"Fisher showed me where the gun was
when Lieutenant Landsdale was first
shot. It was on the side of the road,
near the wire fence. The ejector of the
gun had failed to work, an empty case
had remained in the breech, and, a full
• cartridge coming up, had caused a jam.
Lieutenant Landsdale was sitting down
close to the fence," trying to clear the
gun. when he was shot in the leg. Then
he told Fisher to take the body of the
gun and hide it. This F'sher did, with
the result that ho was able to point out
the spot weeks afterward.
v "The Philadelphia men were very pleas
ed to get their gun back again, and
Fisher deserves great credit, first for so
I thoroughly obeying the orders of his
officer at so critical a time, and then
for remembering so well where he had
placed the barrel of the gun."
•Of the other men. in our organization
who have fought, under the Union Jack,
none has had a more notable career than
Charles L. Stokes, who served as trooper
But this list mteht b« extended indefin
itely, for we can truthfully claim that we
have ft. greater percentage of war veter
ans who have fmisht unr'pr "OM Glory**
and the Union Jack In ev**ry clime than
any other organization In the world. And
could we have a grander motto?.
During Lord Charles Beressforrt's visit to
thp city of San Francisco, Maior Wright
was onnhlert to have a reunion of' the
kindly friendship and good feeling that
always -existed.
¦ There i^ Sergeant Fred N. Asklne. who
enlisted in the Eleventh United States
Cavalrv In 18I>£> and was immediately sent
to the Philippines, where, upon arrival, he
was as speedily pushed forward in an ex
.pedition toward the north line, and later
participated in that famous march from
Manila to San Mateo. The troops march
ed all night through a terrific downpour of
rain, lasting over eight hours, and just at
daybreak received their' first baptism of
lire in that memorable battle in which
brave General Lawton was killed, before
the Americans carried the hitherto
impregnable stronghold 1 ., of Montal
lon. ¦ Following this "•> they were
rushed to the extreme southern part of
Luzon, where, in the battle of Camalig.
they fought one of the most satisfactory
battles of the whole campaign, when- they
caught the insurgents out in the open, and
in the fierce ilght that followed adminis
tered a crushing defeat, without losing a
single man.
Another America.n who has served with
signal honors us Milton A. Nathan, who i3
now captain and judge advocate of the
Rifles. He is a native -son of California,
being born ' in Colusa on "Washington's
birthday. 1879, oS English parents, and at
present holds the office of president of
Army and Navy Parlor, No. 207, N. 3.
G. W. - ¦ '- ¦"¦•¦
He served in the Spanish-American war
in Company F, First California, where he
won promotion on the field in the Philip
pines* and later wa:« engaged against the
insurgents In the Filipino insurrection,
participating during eighteen months' ac
tive service in two big battles, ene as
sault and eight rapid engagements.
As an exemplification of the old adage
that "once a soldier, always a soldier."
is the career of Capiairw Colyi E. Peacock,
A. B. R.. who thouph not yet thirty years
old. has already seen ten years' active
military service 'since he firat became a
member of Company I>; Thirteenth Reg
iment. ' Brooklyn, which he only resigned
to become a member of the Astor Battery.
He saw brilllanF service in the Philippines
and fought through every engagement at
the fall of Manila, in >wnxich his battery
distinguished Itself artd specially
mentioned for. a medal. of honor.
This list would not be complete without
mention of Major G. A.VtjTrJsrht. late cap-*
tain of the Fourth Kast Surrey Regiment
headquarters Kensington lane. London.
In September, IS. a. he was chosen one
of the stafT to accompany the present
King-. Edward VII (then Prince of WalesO.
to India, and durinpr that time was
brougnt in close communication with him:
nlso shinir.ate with Cord Charlie Beres
ford f>n »h? ?-ame trii>.
rrltn the Australian cltizerrs^ buslimen
cuiiLi&ttut in ouuiu lairing me lute
w^r. llio le^u'iieut wao aJu fitting, su
perbly m-junicu iiiiii cjmpxeiely equipped
irom tho raised by public subscrip
tion in i\evv" SuUlh Wales.
Very soon af>er their arrival in the
Transvaal they were made a part of Ma
jor General Sir Frederick: Carrington's
colonial torce and sent to 'serve under
Lord Methuen. Here it was that the
young trooper got a splendid baptism of
active wartare, for he was continually en
gaged in operations from Mafeking to
Kimterley and Klerkdor^ on the east,
with several expeditions into Griqualand
just for recreation. Later, under General
iirroll, he saw severe fighting against the
Boers under Generuis Lemmer and De
larey in their strongly entrenched posi
tions at Jeerust and Lichtenburg. Hi3
regiment comprised the' first British
•troood to cross, foreign territory to enter
the Transvaal, when they passed through
Portugese Kast- Africa.
But we also put forward the proud claim
that v/e have just as Inany . Americans
who have seen as daring and heroic ser
vice under the Stars and Stripes.
ject to "transfer," as nis youngest so»».
1-rank, wears with>all the esprit of- his
sire the smart khaki of the American-
British Rifles, In which corps he is com
missioned as- the bugler mascot. .
And here is a story of the heroism of
one of our company, which is told more
graphically than 1 could set it down,
it is the naval report to the -British
Government following the combined at
tack of the Americans and the: English
on Mataafa during the Samoan rebel
lion: . ;
"In. company, with -a strong detachment
of British sailors and about 500 friendly
natives, I visited the Vailele prantation,
the scene of the fight on April 1. The
main object of the expedition was to see
whether the Mataafa psople had cleared
beyond the eastern boundaries, and, of
course, to examine' the country, generally.
F. B. Fisher, gunner's mate from tho
ttic. mouiuaiublde at Dargat, where dead
nien strewed every foot of the rire-swent
zone that lay between her Majesty'!
troops and the wild natives, strongly in
trenched on the summit. It was one of
the most gallant and i deadly assaults id
the history of modern warfare, but Mr.
St. John net only passed through it safely
but enlisted in the American army a«*
soon as he was honorably discharged
from the British army, and is now iifeiit
ing the Filipinos as a member of tho
Twenty-sixth United States Infantry in
the Philippines.
Another member of the Rides who has,
seen active service in the British army is
Lieutenant Grim-wood, who for years
wore the honoreu plaids' of the famous
Scottish regiment. -
Another veteran of the British service
is Color Sergeant I. H. Coates of the
American-British Rifles, who fought in
the second Maori war as one of the
eld Fiftieth, known as the- "Queen's
Own," commanded by that intrepid lead
er. Lieutenant General Sir Duncan Cam
eron.
•Sergeant Coates was present ; at the
storming of many of the native "pas" —
those stronghold n_ so palisaded and. in
trenched as to be almost impregnable,
even to artillery— also - the fortified
camps of Kuitkara and Roherea and Nu-
Ku Mara, The sergeant was -twice
wounded under fire, and now wears the
medal with its proud : inscription "Ver
tutls Honor." He Is a pensioner under
the British Government, but an enthusi
astic American, a skilled machinist, and
never fails to register and vote. He is
as good a citizen as he was a gallant
coldier. .
The "military blood" is evidently sub-
He was one of the famous Gordon
Highlandeis in that terrible charge up
The Boers in the Transvaal.
The Spaniard in Cuba and the Spaniard
in the Philippines.
The Filipinos in Samar.
The Jndians on the American frontier.
The Afghans a"« Cabul and at Khyber
Pass.
The Samoans at Apia.
The savages of Northwest Canada.
Indeed, some of the men are not only
veterans of the English wars, but of the
American army as well. One of the most
notable instances of this is Brodie St.
John, who \v&& a truly remarkable record
-t heroism to his credit.
But though it Is only in its infancy as
yet. It is in. fact an organization of vet
erans, men who have seen the hardest
and most dangerous service In all the
great modern wars. . In this corps are
men who have fought in many lands this
long list of enemies:
The Maoris In ?iew Zealand.
The Zulu and. the Matabele In South
Africa.
Adoption and citizenship means more
than that to these men, and it is their
desire to be fellow workers in all that
tends to develop that kinship which would
never have been separable save for those
deplorable acts of political clumsiness.
After this the aim of the organization is
to cultivate good marksmanship and ef
ficiency in practical military matters.
Rifles are not ashamed of the land 01
their birth and offer no apology for the
home of their adoption, but they give
Instead every evidence of that master
spirit, independence of manhood, which Is
greater than birth and stronger than na
tionality, and desire something better and
nobler than a mere mess of pottage— the
diet of the serf.
This union tends to develop all those
properties which go to make up that most
desirable of attributes, self-respect, and
the members of the American-British
QUIS separatiet" (who shall sepa
rate) ? Under that motto the Amer-
Jcan-Bi'itish Rifles, though orga
nized but little more than a year,
have grown into unexpected and
aniazing popularity. Originally intended
solely' to unite more closely the bonds of
friendship existing between those who
have served under either or both the
American and the British flag— army or
navy— and at the same time keep alive
the memory of deeds of valor done by
themselves or their comrades, the mem
bers soon widened the scope of the or
ganization to include those who have
b«en made blood brothers bjr doing men's
v. r ork in response to the call of duty— the
duty that the kinship of blood should be
known of its fellows which clamors for
our fullest observance.
*^v MONG £an Francisco's soldiers of
f I fortune comprised in the Amer.
I Jean-British Rifles, Dr. Frederick
JL \Y. d'Eveiyn, the major command
ing. Is one of the most notable
warriors. He is a veteran of two famous
eampaigms, having fought through the "
Zulu war from Rorke's Drift to Ulundi
with General Sir Evelyn Wood's flying
column. Later, after passing: examina
tion at Pietermaritzburg, Surgeon General
Woolfries ordered D'Eveiyn to have
charge of medical needs of Durban troopl
of Xatal light horse.
In the following- article he writes graph
ically of the heroes of a dozen wars, who
are comrades with him in the new Anglo-
Saxon niilitnry organization:
Br.odie
John
THE SUNDAY CALK
SAN FRANCISCO
SOLDIERS OF
FORTUNE
6THE;SUM)1Y' CALL.
7THE SUNDAY CALL.
89
TT!..-«-.-».-T71_l_«r--T3-.-%.T.TV-A_-cr :-Tt'A.T-T.H NEE-DEEP in June! That is the
time when ' the beauty of the
world is overwhelming: and when
every one who cares a fig for
Nature best likes to pay his hum
ble respects to her. Everything that
springs from the soil is in its glory and
the dainty flowers that carpet the earth
form the pageant of summer.
Then why stay Jn the city when the
earth is in all her glory? And why visit
some fashionable watering- resort where
each and every day passes much like the
other and where no thought is given to
health, hygiene or nature. Nothing, but
the bustle that characterizes every day In
the city.
It does not necessarily mean a Ions
journey, a small fortune and a month
or, so to rest oneself in. Not at all. and
if such were the case the great majority
d people would be chronic cranks. It
does mean a good two weeks spent in a
hearty rational way and in some quiet
nook out of the clutches of civilization
aiid its ardent followers.
Those retreats are not difficult to find,
for there are any number of them within
a stone's throw from home. Mill ' Valley
is one of the nearest and yet seemingly
one of the farthest from ! the cit y. There
are delightful little canyons and tiny
proves that were made, to all intents an>1
purposes, for campers and loungers. The
climate is milder and the air is laden
with the perfume of the thousand and
one flowers whose only duty is to bloom
tind bloom again.
. Is it not better to take a few treatments
from Mother Earth than It is to pour
down pills and powders and bottles anfl
bottles of nasty medicine? And after all
to be well does not tax the pocketbool?
half as much as sickness does. What. if
1 summering does seem a little - high
priced? It is a splendid investment.
SUMMER
HAUNTS FOR
CAMPERS
THE SU:NT>AY< CAX.L.
10THE old saying. "There is nothing new
under the sun" Is being used every
day, and every day it Is being veri
fied, seemingly.
See -what the latest craze is in
furniture. Ttie old style that *as used
because .necessity demanded it in the •
early times Is resurrected now because
some wealthy woman caught a glimpse
of It and wanted something really new
and original.
Way back during ths sixteenth and
seventeenth centuries such furniture was
made and used by the monks and friars
in the missions and monasteries through
out Central and South America, Mexictf
and Southern California.
It takes but a trip to Santa Barbara
and a few minutes spent in their mission
to thoroughly convince one of that.
Every stick there 5s modeled after the
good old style,' and the quaint furnishing
Is refreshing after all the carving, uphol
stery and gingerbread work tliait makes
up so much of our modern household be
longings.
At present the "mission furniture" •«
very popular, and it is likewise very ex-
I>ensive. The queer lines and the interest
ing construction of the genuine jjieces will
never become tiresome, for 1T1 turniture,
as In all else, simplicity is the chief
beauty.
There is a restfulness Ko the eye that is
connected with this style that Is found in
absolutely no other kind. The lines an
all straight, but they are seldom, if ever,
angular. The massive strength, solid
comfort and great durability should make
it sought after, if there was no other rea
son; but housekeepers see something else,
and that something amounts to a great
deal in their eyes. There is no elaborate
carving or geometrical curves that serve
as dust catchers, and no matter how
careful one is the tiny particles fly about
aimlessly, and finally light right in the
hardest spot to get at.
Strong-grained native ash, stained ,a.
dark green or a light green, as one's
fancy dictates, has been chosen as the
wood best fitted for this simple style. Any
material that is hard and that will stani '
the wear and tear of years is what has-. ¦
been used, and what would be chosen "
stain if necessity put in her order. •• -'"" '
Rushes, flax and leather make cleati,
good and durable seats, and all the work
Is finished In the plainest, frankest way
possible, with every nail and joint show
ing plainly. There Is nothing concealed.
and the prdducts arc merely the outcome*"
of good workmanship and a little thought.
The plaster houses made in the old
mission style of architecture are becom
ing popular again, and right cool an3
comfortable they are, too. And what a
mine they do open to the artistically in
clined. Everything in connection with
them is a picture in itself. The ceilings are
heavily timbered in a duli red or brown;
the walls arc in sanded plaster, frequent-"
ly studded with nails to form a design or
decoration. The floors should -be of con- -
crcte or tiles', \>ut in these modern houses
the flooring is more often of a hard wood,
stained a deep green or left its natural
color, and, says Mr. Fredericks of Fred
ericks & Co., to be correct the funny low
beds should seem bat a few inches from
the- floor, the massive dresser should tak«
w.: the entire side of the room and thcrs
thoi;i<l hi a combination clothes prcjrs an.j
IaxA^h*?- ii.nd any amount of chairs. :
!U;e are davenports with great posts
{or legs and upholstered in a fine leather.
'It.c cushion* arc loosely laced together
T.-Jth Xiiongt,. and two exactly like the
*<_iits serve for a head rest when needed.
It would make a capital bed, as ills quite
¦v. Jde enough, besides being soft, as the
scat is <l woven leather bands.
, The general utility all-around sort of
piece is a combination seat, hall, table
and box. When the back is upright it
forms the back of the seat; when It is
perpendicular it is the top of the table,
and the box is the seat or lower shelf at
any and all times.' Those old monks were
wise, for that one piece of workmanship
proves that they could adapt themselves
to every rtlsn m me cookdooK. but that w
a. mistake. Flannel cakes, at least, axe
much better for the absence of eggs. ;
and their belongings to almost anything 1 .
The chairs are queer looking articles and
all decidedly different. Each am 1 every one
Is built in the honesty of a good purpose,
with simplicity in effect and entire use
fulness. One looks like a cracker box,
with slats put across in a. criss-cross
fashion for the back. The seat is made
of strips of leather. all tacked on with a
fancy thumb screw. One piece of wood
runs through from one side to the other
and is roughly fastened, in fact it looks
as though it were not very staple and
firm, but- in reality it will stand rough
usage for a lifetime.
The rockers are the quaintest of all the
mission furniture. They are so* squatty
ffind low that a tall person could not be
comfortable in them. The arms are low
and wide; broad enough, in fact, to act
as an impromptu reading table or a" writ
ing desk. The leather back is held in
place by two pieces of leather tied loose
ly. And the rockers! In some of the
chairs one would almost need a spy glas3
to locate them, but withal ; they are as
cczy.and restful as can be, big enough to
stow two people away nicely and still
have a little space to spare.
There are bookcases and combination
what-nots, some with glass and eorne
without, again there are shelves of books
or for anything that they might be needed.
There are .tables, any number of them,
and all different sizes; there are buffeta
and even sideboards, but they are rad
ically changed these days— so much so
that" the- pious brothers would never
recognize their work and would be prop
erly scandalized. Perchance they wouldL
hold up their hands in horror to see their*
honored labor turned into wine cabinets,
card tables and even "drinking chairs. /So
iar as they could, see they would. be m
no way connected with the church or any
of its. forms. ;
Something new for gentlemen is known
as a cellarette. .The exterior looks for all
the world like a harmless music cabinet,
but the inside looks like a well stocked
wine cellar. A revolving stand with
niches for bottles, turns here and there as
one pleases, while above is a shelf to be
filled: with all sorts and conditions . of
glasses". Then comes a drawer for cigars
and cigarettes and tucked away, in the
plainest possible way is a glass sliding
shelf which was put there for the 'express
purpose of mixing drinks.
It is one of the neatest articles that
has been turned out for a long lime and it
has filled a long felt need, for fellows
who live in one room do, not- want liquor
Elaring all their guests in the face all
the time. There are times when it misnl,
be effaced.'] '-'y.
The one article that has been modified
to meet the requirements of a' modern 1
home is the hall clock. Every one agrees
as to that. It is six feet high. and may
be carved just as much as one's pocket
book will permit. Some of them are made
with four oak posts and. right smart they
are, too. They look quite at home in a
large home and they, appear equally et
case in a more humble one.
That is one of the chief attractions of
encies now exceeds 81,000.000 inhaoltancs.
The Philippines contain more than 7.000,
000 inhabitants. Porto Rico has 953.000,
Engineering estimates that the popula
tion of the United States and its depend-
this 'furniture. It is conspicuously free
from ail decorations, yet its very simplic
ity makes it quiet and suitable lor any
land of a home no matter what its sta
tion^ be:
-Nothing is more satisfying than these
articles for everyda;/ hard wear, ior when
they are made by hand they will last a
hundred years without repairing. Furn
iture,, should be furniture and not too
good for daily use.
• It may be ornamented or upholstered
as one fancies or it may be covered with
plain durable materials, but no two pieces
need, ever be just alike. But in buying
it; remember one thing, that "the monks
fashioned all that they made in the sim
plest w-ay possible and therefore the lines
of the true old "Mission Furniture" must
needs be very simple.
5O simple a dish as custard may well
serve as text for a talk on the
blundering use of eggs by the or
dinary housekeeper. Of course,
every one knows the old rule for a plain
custard: One tablespoonful of sugar and
one egg to a cup of milk, with flavoring
to taste, and seme prefer to put in more
eggs. All. perhaps, think they make a3
good custard as is possible to produce.
But very few realize just what it is that
makes for excellence in this dish— that it
is the yoiks, not the whites, on which It
diper.ds. Unless added at the last as a
sort of meringue or frosting the whito3
should be left out altogether, for the al
bumen adds nothing to the custard, heneo
the use of the whites is pure extrava
gance. Corr.starch or batter puddings,
however, are improved by the addition of
whipped up whites, which give them a
frothy character.
In ice cream the yolks cf eggs are- the
only part to use. The white3 may be ad
vantageously saved for meringues, caka
and othtr dishes that require their use.
Cake, indeed, depends very much on the
whites for its fineness and lightness— angel
rake and white cake, for example. So
does sunshine cake, only enough yolks be
ing used to' produce the desired color.
.Whcn'eggs are expensi-ve angel cake is
a luxury, true. But at IS cents a dozen
eggs are cheap enough for any cake
baker. The whites only being used, the
yelks should be carefully covered and
utilized in some 7 of the many desirable
ways— for croquettes and egging meats
and fish, for instance. ; Bread or cracker
crumbs. combine much better in a yolk of
e?s mixture than in that made by adding:
-the water or milk to whites of eggs. Frit
ters and codfish balls call for yolks rather
than whites.
Now. about whipping the whites of
egsrs. Do you know that too much whip
ping is as much to be guarded against as
too little? Too stiff whipping will result
in making cake tough. The fault is very
much in the kind of whipper most of ua
possess. Jt is very good for making
mayonnaise dressing, but too rough for
whipping whites 01* eggs in eakeinakJn^
A French whip is much to be preferred.
For the icii:;; on cakes it is not desirable
to whip the whites of epgs. as this oper
ation causes air cells to form, and the
frosting in consequence is rough. In
boiled icing, however, it makes no differ
ence whether the whites are whipped or
not. Perhaps, on .the whole, it is best
that they should be whipped.
Eggs' are not desirable at all in flannel
cakes. Many housekeepers seem to go on
the principle that eggs are indispensable
the blundering
use: of. eggs.
Hawaii lii.OOO and Alaska 63.502. China
stands first in population, the British Em
pire second, ¦ Russia third and the United
States fourth, j ¦ .
11
THE SUNDAY CALL.
the Monks and
Friars cF ths
St^^i Cent^y.
®SCsmfnS the Fad.
THE GOOD OLD "MISSION" FVRNITVREsupenor win prosper and increase more
than the children of the inferior. -There
will be a multiplication of the fittest in
stead of a multiplication of the unfit
test."
That passage shows at once the strength
and the. weakness of the author's sys
tem. He will have the people get educa
tion for their children as best they may,
but would deny them the right to com
bine as citizens of a municipality and pro
vide for education by joint effort and tax
ation. He maintains that "If" character
be inherited an individual struggle for ed
ucation would result In an advantage to
the best, but He ignores the virtue of the
"if." j Experience has shown that char
acter' is not inherited. The children of
successful men are not often found work
ing with their father's vigor nor walking
in his paths; while in our American his
tory the republic has round most of its
greatest men among the children of
parents whose lives were marked by no
kind of material success.
The volume, however, is by no means
quaint humor and bits of human nature
study have brought many imitators into
the field. Never comes a good thing but
it must be overdone and cheapened by
the efforts of those, who, lacking origin
ality, must make up for a paucity of new
ideas by following N where they cannot
lead. An example of this is the appear
ance in book form, from the press of R.
V. Fenno & Co., New York, of "The
Fables of the Elite," by Dorothy
Dix. These fables are simply a cheap
imitation of the really good work of
George Ade, illustrated by some fairly
clever drawings from the pen of Swinner-
Literary Notes.
"Lays for Little Chaps" has been se
lected for the title of a volume of poems
by A. J. Waterhouse, to be issued shortly
by the New Amsterdam Book Company.
Mr. Waterhouse Is as well known west of
the Rocky Mountains as Eugene Field
and James Whitcomb RHey are in the
frenzy . of tmpaUence in the sound. As; it
.tame nearer-/ Uolph turned/ his .head. w|th\a
quick gleam of relief. , ' . ,
At the same instant, Armand swerving far
forward, wounded his antagonist . in the right
wrist, and, Foy's fingers relaxing on the htlt,
with a sweeping: twiet sent his sword rattling
a good ten feet away.
Fey was after it to snatch it up, with a
snarl more like a wild beast than a man, when
an officer, at a gallop, leading three soldiers,
broke into the clearing and spurred fairly
between.
"Stop!" he phouted, out of breath. "Stop!
In the Governor's name!" .
Armand tossed his sword to the ground.
"Hell and fury!" foamed Foy. as he sprang
back, slashing at the horse's legs. "Out of
the .way, damn you!" The animal plunged
aside, and Foy came at Armand- like the mad
man he was.
The officer threw himself off the horse too
late, as Henry rushed forward. Armand stood
perfectly still, his hand pressed to his side,
where a stain was spreading crimsonly among
the white ruffles.
"Bear witness," Rolph said with coolness,
turning to the soldiers, "that Captain Foy is
not himself for liquor." * .
The central historical figure of the book
is Patrick Henry— and Miss Rives has
drawn the character well. Of him she has
said :
"He was the greatest Virginian that
ever lived. He married the daughter of
a tavern-keeper, wore buckskins, failed in
business and could not make a living as a
lawyer. But he knew. His brain looked
even further ahead than Washington's.
Ever since I began to write I have dream
ed of putting him— homely face, leather
breeches and all— into a novel. And now
I have done it."
She has done it— and she has done it
well!
Her historical characters are handled
with all the skill that was evident in
Winston Churchill's work on the char
acters of Lincoln and Grant in "The
Crisis." In fact, speaking of "The Crisis,"
"Hearts Courageous" has much more of
life, spirit and good story in it than is to
be found in Churchill's work.
Miss Rives still paints her stage set
tings with rather a lurid brush; for ex
ample take the following clipped at ran-'
dom:
As they rode the rose-stained east turned
kingfisher color and then amber, and the' sun
splashed the clouds with pools of burnt yellow
and gold till they went in a glory. It grew,
in a burst, to-day, grass-sweet and sullen, sod
den with-th© wet Bmell of sycamore. For a few
moments Anne was drunk with the motion —
the rush through tingling, dew-wet air.
- ' '¦ . • • •
Beyond the yellow clay bank the shore glow
ed in a violet-green dazzle of foliage — a flamu
of, amethyst and pink, and over all the sun
hung hazy, like some splendid dream rose,
strewing its petals upon a bay of tinted glass.
The bank behind the wharf was a fringe of
negroes, their vacant-minded happiness shak
ing out laughter as wind shakes blossoms from
a locust tree. The gay-colored turbans bobbed
like variegated poppies on a breezy day.
• • •
"I," she answered more lightly, "was think
ing of bow the frost has eet the woods afire.
Saw you ever such copper-r«ds and russet
golds. And those wedges of pink rock— they
have the look of raspberries crushed in curdled
milk. God is spendthrift of his hues."
*¦'-'* *
Somewhere far away a whippoorwill began to
call — a liquid gurgle through the clasping dark.
• • •
The sky was a clean, cold steel. Early twi
light blended' the delicious mingled-brown' and
dull orange of the. singed fields with the waxen
• green of the red-pricked holly bushes, and the
frozen glare of ice ponds shone bleakly in tho
stubble. Above the collar of her great coat
Anne's face was rosed with the tang of the
frosty air which turned the breath to ghost
faint smoke curdles. Their steps broke crisply
through the crusted rime, and from the fields
came the tinkling of belled sheep nipping
. withered grass and the whirr of shy partridges
ecuddlng through rustles of weeds dry. as dead
wasps.
• *. •
If that is not lurid color thrown on with
a free hand it would be hard to say what
it is. But then if such descriptions strike
one as too vivid, they are very easily
The lieutenant wedged an exclamation amid
the flick and scrape of steel. Foy's face was
beccme a welter of sweat and rage. This was
a ecrt of fighting new to him. He tried every
attack, every feint, double engage, coupe
Now h" became of a sudden winged. He
turned, circled, was here and there with the
rapidity of an insect. The fight turned this
way and that, crushed the bushes, was all
over the ground. There was a maze of prick
ing, whirling arrows of sulphur-colored flani2
in the moonlight. Foy's breath was coming
hoarsely in his throat like' that of a strangled
dog. Armand began to laugh outright as he
thrust and parried, j
Armand had changed his tactics. He still
had the /appearance of looseness and lack . of
close defense, but, strangely enough, Foy's
point, though wielded by the redoubtable
swordsman that he was, had not so much as
? lit a ruffle of his shirt. He was untouched,
immaculate, careless and debonair.
The Frenchman'* blade, beating up a flan
connade, had nicked a crimson gagh on Foy's
shoulder.
• The latter, smarting from the prick, and en
raged beyond measure, came on again \ cursing,
his chin set forward from his neck and a fleck
cf foam . on his lips. -
"End the cub, Foy," cried Rolph with aa
cath, "and let us to town. Tou could have
spitted him forty times!"
"By heaven!" suddenly burst out Henry.
"Bravo'." ;'¦ ..£>
Armand returned with a 6top-tnrust. parried
a lunge and answered by a riposte. Then, for a
moment, there was nothing but the du-tac-an
tac of ellm eteel, cutting wayward blue- white
flashes where the milky light caught its edge.
So Indeed It seemed. Foy was a brute and
he fought like one, with face distorted and
breath rattling with rage. He came on with
the lunge of a hunter at a. boar, his blade
hate-heavy, and the very fury of his rush sent
the young; Frenchman back to the verge of
the bubhes.
The Jieutenant stood close to Henry, his lips
parted, watching. "They say Foy was taught
of Angelo," he whispered, "and that the pupil
could best his master. Tour friend is in evil
case."
A pain came into Henry's dark eyes and a
paler tinge to his cheeks. He groaned inward
ly as Foy suddenly came at Armand, press
ing him back in a furious chasse-croSsee — first
the right foot forward, then the left.
A maitre d'escrime might have seen in his
action some of the freedom and directness which
later gave Bertram), the greatest fencing
master of Europe, the surname of the ' 'Terri
ble." But to the watchers it seemed to be ut
terly without method — barren of rule — to be
loose, uncontalned. He possessed the appear
ance of a child at careless play with a serpent,
not conscious of Its sinister Intention.
Foy's attack was wonderfully strong. He had
the trick of carrying the head well back and
resting the weight of his body upon the left
leg — a sign of one whose learning had been
without masks. The other's method was as
different from that of his antagonist as night
from day. He fought far forward, engaging
much with the point.
"'En garde!" cried Armand, turning sharp
ly, and the two blades rang together with a
clash.
As an example of her power of narration
here is the duel between Armand and
Captain Foy, the aide of Lord Dunmore.
Armand is seconded by none other than
Patrick Henry:
Foy's voice broke in, sneeringly wrathful.
"Are we come to string beads?"
Later Jarrat is to appear on the scene
and learning of this love affair is to make
all kinds of trouble. Armand is of such
a nature that rather than avoid difficulty
he seeks it— and he finds it in plenty. Miss
Rives keeps her hero's hands pretty full.
There are misunderstandings all around
and the climax finally comes when Ar
rrand believes himself to have been be
trayed by Anne; this is when Jarrat has
finally played his trump card and the
Marquis is denounced as being an im
postor. To tell whether Anne is really
true to Armand or not would be to hint
at the ending of the story and spoil It for
its readers; sufficient is it to say that Miss
Rives will hold ( your interest until the
last page and that she makes the endng
perfectly consistent and satisfactory ac
cording to all etchics of artistic work.
is in no way backward in expressing his
affection and matters proceed at an as
tonishing rate.
HEARTS COURAGEOUS.— By Hallla Er
mini© Rives. Bowen-Merrill Company, Indian
apolis. $1 CO.
THE BOER FIGHT FOR FREEDOM. By
Michael Davltt. Funk & Wagnalls Co New
Tork. $2.
IN THE EAGLE'S TALON— By Sheppard
Stevens. Little. Brown & Co.. Boston. $1 50.
THE SUITORS OF TVONNE.— By Rafael
Sabatlni. G. P. Putnam's Sona, New Tork.
FABLES OF. THE ELITE.— By Dorothy DIx.
R. F. Reno & Co.. New Tork.
A GIRL OF VIRGINIA— By Lucy M. Thorn
ton. Little. Brown & Co.. Boston. $1 50.
FIVE LITTLE PEPPERS ABROAD.— By
Margaret Sidney. Lothrop Publishing Com
pany. Boston. $1 25.
'TWEEN TOU AN* I.— By Max CRell. Lo
throp Publishing Company, Boston. $1 33.
A HOUSE OF DATS.— By Christian Bink
ley. A. M. Robertson. $1 25.
UNTO THE END.— By Mrs. R. G. Alden.
Lothrop Publishing Company, Boston. $1 50.
A SOLDIER IN THE PHILIPPINES.— By
N. N. Freeman. F. Tennyson Neely Company,
New Tork.
ADVANCED FRENCH PROSE COMPOSI
TION. — By Victor E. Francois. The American
Book Company, New Tork. 80 cents.
NAVAL HEROES OF HOLLAND.— By J. A.
Met3. The Abbey Press, New Tork. $1 50.
THE IRON HAND.— By Howard Dean. Th»
Abbey Press. New Tork. $1.
HEART SHOTS— By E. L. C. Ward. F.
Tennyson Neely. New Tork.
Books Heceived.
A certain degree of melancholy interest
attaches to the volume by reason of the
statement in the preface: "Possibly to a
second edition I shall make some small
additions, but be this as it may, the vol-
Under the title "Facts and Comments,"
Herbert Spencer presents to the world
a volume of short cs?ays dealing with a
wide variety of questions and reasserting
the principles with which his name has
been so long associated.
Herbert Spencer's Last Book.
The Leopard's Spots.
Its readers will find that "The Leop
ard's Spots" really means "The Ethiop
ian's Skin," for the negro in the South,
and the problem of his destiny hover' like
black shadows over nearly every chapter.
Thomas DIxon Jr., a Southern man, has
written this book from a purely Southtrn
"point of view, evidently intending it as
a justification of the disfranchisement of
i he negro. It is a political argument built
upon a love story — each as impassioned
as the other.
To the hearts of all who love a lover—
and (that's all the world, they say— the
story of the love of Charles Gaston and
Sailie Worth will appeal. Theirs was no
modern, lukewarm affection, with things
tied to it, but the good, old-fashioned kind
cf love, taking no account of obstacles,
but pushing resistlessly on toward the
goal of matrimony, utterly overwhelm
ing a father's ill-advised wrath and op
position.
The story, begins at the . cjose of the
Civil War, at which time Charles Gaston
is but a child. The scene is laid 'mainly
'n North Carolina, and the reader is tak
en through the stormy times of the re
construction period and subsequent pol
itical convulsions down almost to the
present day, the pages of the book crowd
ed with eventful action.
Some years before the conclusion of tho
story the hero, Charles Gaston, who,
though poor, is of good family, falls in
!ove with Sailie Worth, the beautiful and
brilliant daughter of a. rich ex-Confed
erate general, and asks her hand in mar
riage. Sallie's father, at first acquiescent,'
¦ Is soon led, through false reports of Gas
ton's character, to interpose strenuous
objections to the marriage. But when
Gaston makes a great speech- before the
State .convention and ort- the strength of
I it - is ."nominated Govern p or,".7jt.he i old
general gives in,' and'; \6nce'- more con
. eenting to the marriage,, the invitations
are issued. ¦ On', receipt of a letter, in
forming him that Gaston and Sailie had
l.een married some time before in the jail,
where Gaston was lying incarcerated on
a false accusation, the irascible old gen
eral flies into a passion again, and has to
be resubdued by Sallie's diplomacy, and
then, that the invited guests may not be
disappointed, on the day that Charles
Gaston Is inaugurated Governor of North
Carolina he is again married to Sailie
Worth. (Published by Doubleday, Page &
Co., New York: Price $1 50.)
Fables of the Elite.
George Ade's popular fables with their
When the ship lands the Marqufg Is
again to the front to 6ave the woman he
The Marquis goes through the book as
the secretary, only he himself and the
worthy reader knowing to the contrary.
He shows his quality, however, long be
fore the voyage of the "Two Sisters" is
ever, by defending a woman In the steer
age against the brutal attack of the mate,
who would force her to throw her dead
child overboard. He wins this fight with
all the esprit that was ever so evident in
the skirmishes of our old friend "Beau
caire." by slashing the burly mate over
the face with a rope's end until the great
brute rushes his attack against the slight
Frenchman, when, just as the sympa
thetic passengers are about to shriek with
dismay as they see their hero forced into
a clinch, the Marquis frees himself by
deftly dislocating the mate's knee by a
wrestling trick and climbs out of the
steerage to the deck as unperturbed as
though he had but taken his usual morn
ing exercise.
At this point it is quite evident to the
astute reader trained n the dark sub
tleties of novel writers that the secretary
13 really none other than the Marquis and
that he has bribed the captain of the
boat to carry out the fiction of his own
<ieath merely that in incognito he may
the better guard against the plots of just
such spies as the crafty Jarrat. In spite
of the fact that you 'early see through
this part of MIfs Rives' plot still there
ere many obstacles that arise and counter
plots to follow that will keep you guess
ing as to the ultimate outcome of the
story.
Jarrat is to be the heavy villain of the
piece. He is a royalist who has been
doing spy duty in the court of Louis XVI
upon the more broadminded of tlv» French
royalists v.ho are inclined to give help
to the American colonists. Incidentally
he loves Ar.ne Tillotson and is cordially
hated in return by her — as all good hero
ines should hate the heavy villain. Just
&t present he is trying to ingratiate him
self into the good graces of the Marquis
de la Trouerie. The Marquis has, how
ever, kept his stateroom and Jarrat's ef
forts to seek admittance into his apart
ment by bribing the Marquis' secretary
rceet with no success. Finally it is given
out that the Marquis has died and was
buried at night. Then it is that Jarrat
evolves the scheme of making friends
•with the secretary and bribing him to
represent the Marquis, to use the latter'?
peals and personal effects and in this
way carry on a correspondence with the
French King; this correspondence to be
of such a nature that all profit will go
to the English crown, to Jarrai^ and
egainpt the interests of the colonists.
The "story part," if we may use the
expression, begins on the good Fhip the
"Two Sisters," still far out at sea and
bringing over a motley herd of redemp
tioners and also Captain Jarrat and
Charles Louis Armand, the Matquis fie
La Trouerie.
The first sixty pages of the book may
be considered a little dry as far as the
narrative is concerned.but they have their
part in the etory as a whole to give the
atmosphere and condition of the times—
those days when the seed of liberty had
just been planted In the breasts of the
colonists who were later to fight for their
freedom and establish these great United
States. This first part of the novel oc
cupies itself with an introduction of the
reader to the gay little capital, Williams
burg, of His Majesty's colony of Virginia.
Here we make the acquaintance of Pat
rick Henry. Joe Jefferson, my Lord Dun
more—for Miss Rives does not hesitate
at great names— and of Anne Tillotson.
the impetuous, the loving, the true and
devoted Anne who is to be our heroine.
We learn something of the discontent of
the colonists and of the plots already on
foot to throw off the yoke of oppression.
We have some delightful glimpses of
Southern home life and we go on a brac
ing fox hunt with Anne and Patrick Hen
ry, so we must hold our patience, for
the descriptions are quite pleasant an«l
there is plenty of incident and plot ahead
for those who must have action in their
historical novel.
*T -»ALLIE ERMINIE RIVES has at
\ last come into her own. She has
1 redeemed the promise of genius
JL /shown In her previous books.
+J "Smoking Flax" and "A Furnace
of Earth " and written a historical novel
that is really worth while. It will be re
membered that "A Furnace of Earth
was published two years ago and by
its scnsatior.il! character and goou aaver
liFinsr made somewhat of a stir. The sen
timent was mawkish, yet despite a har
rowing quality of passion it showed under
the surface ::orr.e degree of genius and the
possibility that its author would, with
riper y« ars, develop into a writer of abil
ity. That Miss Rives has even surpassed
the expectation of those who caught the
first faint glimmer of her talent is evi
denced by her "Hearts Courageous" that
has just been published by the Bowen
ilerrill Company of Indianapolis.
In this book Ehe gives us a historical
novel that compares favorably with the
best of them. Her hero is of the "Mon-*
eieur Beaucaire" type that made the
name of Booth Tarkington popular
among the novel readers of yesterday:
her heroine wins easy laurels among the
g-ood and true women of present day fic
tion; her story is filled with the fresh
ness and' vigor of youth and talent — In
fact '"Hearts Courageous" will make a
close run for the top place In the six
most popular novels" of the year unless
we are very much mistaken. It has all
the elements of popularity; a story that
holds you almost from the beginning and
portrayal of characters done in a master
ful way— a way that the Rives have of
handling their material.
had championed on the boat. There is a each ineffectual. Armand, nimble, laughing,
sale of the human chattels and this poor besan to hum a tune as he ran.. * '
woman is sold to the most evil looking Nothing could have been better calculated
capitalist of the lot; she falls on her to * cad hta adversary to the point of impot
knees before the Marquis to succor her. "«* Already Foy had begun to cut and
He offers to buy her, but isrefused: then: «%$ g-»-g ™n* g
I will lay against her, added Ar- al , ke saw thjU guch was fagt comim
mand, "double the amount she cost you. lnto Armamrs power alone .
And the toss of a coin shall decide." Afraln and again Foy laid his guard open
Armand loses, and then wins. All this to Armand's thrust, taking no thought, but
time Anne Tillotson has been a silent wit- still the Frenchman withheld it. Instead, his
ness of this scene on the wharf. Armatid leaping: point slashed the other's coat to flai>
has noticed her and then goes forward Ving ribbons, pricked him on the thigh, in -the
and asks Anne to take the woman Into armpit. In the hand— wasp-stlngs that drew
her service. She is naturally quite taken blocd and ra se. but harmed not.
aback and refuses. A few moments aft- , At ««• fir f *P" rt - °J crlmson ™»*. W*
erward. however, she learns the story '«™ard. cr >' ! "f it was enough, at _wh ich
. . . J. . . -X. t_, j, ti, u Armend politely lowered his blade but roy
of the fight on the ship and then goes her- revMed v . uh guch devi ,. B cnrseB that
self to Armand to apologize and to ask , ie went back t0 hlg Btatlonf g rln ing his teeth.
that she may take the woman. "The lieutenant raised his hand, withdrawing
After this events crowd rapidly one on Ms eyes an instant from the combatants,
the other, and with Anne and Armand it Henry listened., and his ear caught the tattoo of
is plain to be seen that it is a case of mu- hoof-beats flinging over the road, mixed with
tuaJ love at first sight. The Frenchman the falling cf a lash uron horset' flanks — a
CONDUCTED BY
......
B. G. LATHROP
HALLE ERMINIE RIVES
WRITES A HISTORICAL NOVEL.
The most remarkable pictures of fish in
action which have yet appeared are in
cluded in the volume "The Giant Fish of
Florida," by J. Turner-Turner, which J. B.
Llpplncott Company have just published.
This book, by an ardent fisherman and
naturalist, recounts experiences in tack
ling the biggest and gamiest fighters
against which the salt water fisherman
has a chance to*exercise hi3 strength and.
skill, and is full of information as well aa
entertainment. The part which deals
with tarpon fishing is especially sugges
tive. How Mr. Turner secured his re
markable pictures is not the least Inter
esting feature of his book, yet he has re
produced the effect of great fish swim
ming beneath the surface of the sea—
which it would be Impossible to obtain in
actuality— with a likeness to life and an
action which are absolutely convincing,
and this without employing a single
mounted specimen.
Herbert Spencer's publishers state that
his latest book, "Fact and Comments," is
to be his last. This fact lends Interest to
A C. McClurg & Co.'s announcement that
they are to publish what should be an
admirable account of the life of the great
philosopher during the coming fall. Dr.
Charles H. Rleber.of Stanford University
has been engaged for some time on the
work, which is to be called "Herbert
Spencer, the Man, the Scientist and the
Philosopher." There will also be an Intro
duction by Dr. David Starr Jordan, and it
is expected that this will become the
standard work on Mr. Spencer's life work
and remarkable personality.
Sir Edwin Arnold contributes an enter
taining article to the July Delineator on
the ceremonies attending the crowning of
King Edward, in the course of which he
recalls a singular incident that occurred
at the crowning of King George III. A
large diamond fell from the crown of tha
King as he passed up the choir to hi3
throne in the chancel, and those who be
lieved in such things as portents and pre
visions looked for some event presaged by
the accident. ! They found it afterwards,
to their own content. In that separation
of the American colonies from the mother
country which was the beginning of the
jrreat United States of to-day.
The following are the contents of the
International Monthly for June; "Latin
Kurope and American Imperialism," Scipio
Sigbele: "From War to Peace," Henry
Rutgers Marshall: "The True Nature of
Anti-Semitism," Gustav Gottheil; "The
Social L4fe of Ants" (concluded). August
Forel; "Tne Byzantine Empire and the
Crusades," Charles Diehl; "The Formal
Garden and Its Revival," Frank Mile3
Day; "The Idea of Beauty." Ethel D.
Puffer; "The International Shipping
Trust," Joseph B. Bishop.
The June number of "The Trestle
Board," a Masonic magazine, is a special
edition, prepared In honor of the Mystic
Shriners, and la filled with photographs
of leading officers and of California scenes
that make it a souvenir most appropriate
of the recent festivities.
Harper & Brothers have just published,
in very attractive form, a new and re
vised edition of the book of stories that
first made Robert W. Chambers famous.
This volume, entitled "The King in Yel
low," was published some years ago, and,
as the work of a then unknown author,
was received with surprised approval.
The stories are romantic and mysterious
in tone, suggesting the manner of Poc
and De Maupassant in more than one in
stance. They deal with artistic and other
picturesque phases of life In Paris and
New York.
East, and his poems on child life are
eagerly sought for wherever they appear.
skipped and if you happen to feel just in
the mood. for compound adjectives. of the
'ghost-faint smoke curdle" order— why,
all well and good, they are there in plenty
for your. * -. ' * . '¦ .
Those who read "Hearts Courageous"
may be Interested in learning that there
really was such a person as "Charles
Armand"— not, however, "Charles Louis
Armand, Marquis de la Trouerie," but
Charles Trefin Armand, Marquis de la
Rouaire. He was a French soldier, born
in Fougeres, France, in 1751, and died near
Lambelle in 1793. While quite young he
entered the Garde du Corps In Paris, but
fought a duel about an actress and. was
dismissed from the service. In conse
quence of this he left France and came to
the American Colonies, where he volun
teered in the cause of the Revolution and
received from Congress a commission as
colonel under the name of Charles Ar
mand. He fought -in many engagements
and was with Lafayette in New Jersey.
In 1781, becoming dissatisfied with the pro
motions in the army and seeing no chance
of advancement, he returned to France,
procured clothing and accouterments'
from his own means, and crossed the At
lantic again In time to participate in the
victory at Yorktown. In 1783 Congress
conferred on him the rank of brigadier
general. Later he returned to France and
became . ah actor in the French revolu
tion, taking part with the Royalists of
La Vendee. At the time of the death of
Louis XVI he was a fugitive, but engaged
in secret operations for a revolt. The
execution of Louis gave his system such
a shock that he died soon after from a
nervous malady. It is said that he was
urbane and polished in manner, an elo
quent and persuasive speaker, a gallant
leader and a man greatly beloved. So
reads history, but what Miss Rives has
to tell us of him is a deal more enter
taining.
Upon the question of state education he
says: "If supply and demand are allowed
free play in the intellectual sphere as in
the economic sphere, and no hindrance is
put in the way of the naturally superior,
education must have an effect widely dif
ferent from that described— must conduce
to sociaL stability as well as to other
benefits. 'For if those of the lower ranks
are left to get culture for their children
a« best they v may, just aa they are left
to get food and clothing for them, it
must, follow that the children of the su
perior will be advantaged; the thrifty
parents, the energetic, and those with the
highest responsibility, will buy education
for their children to a greater extent than
will the improvident and the idle. And
if character is inherited, then the average
result must be that the children of the
The last work of the greatest philoso
pher of the nineteenth century can
hardly fail to attract widespread atten
tion. In comparison with the mighty
works that have preceded it from the
same exhaustless mind, this one will seem
slight and of little value, but it Is not
without its importance and significance.
It bears witness to the fact that the ven
erable student is carrying his old age
serenely and fronts an antagonistic world
with undiminished courage. He denounces
state education, Jingo patriotism, party
government," and all the superficial ten
dencies of the time, with, his old-time
acumen If not with all the old force.
iime herewith issued I can say with cer
tainty will be my last."
filled with essays of protest against the
tendency of the world toward govern
ment regulation of life. Many of the es
rays deal with subjects of general inter
est like music, style, weather forecasts
and a wide variety of miscellaneous
topics. A particular interest attaches to
the concluding essay, "Ultimate Ques
tions." Spencer says: "For years past
when watching the unfolding of buds in
the spring there has arisen the thought,
shall I ever again see the buds unfold-
Now that the end is not likely to be long
postponed there results an increasing
tendency to meditate upon ultimate ques
tions." Concerning the issue of life after
death, he says: "The consciousness itseir
—what la it while it lasts? and what be
comes of it when it ends? We can only
infer that it is a specialized and individ
ualized form of that infinite and eternal
energy which transcends both our knowl
edge and our imagination, and that at
death its elements lapse into the Infinite
and eternal whence they were derived."
That is the great philosopher's last
word. The little book will be found full
of wise counsel and earnest thoughts. It
merits and will receive a wide attention.
Those who read it will see that the es
"says are slight, but those who are discern
ing will perceive they have come from a
master mind that has lost none of its
wisdom with advancing years. (Published
by D. Appleton Co., New York.)
THE SUNDAY CALL.
12
Illustrations by A.B. Wen
zell in Hallle Erminie Rives'
new novel "Hearts Coura
geous." Copyright, 1902, by
the Bowen-Merrill Co.
i of a a
Cafa'cgue vpon application, b
I Fine Library Editions c! Standard E
[ WorKs, Perfect Condition, i
£ Large Collection. |
Eider & Shcpard,
n 238 Post Street, San Francisco.
XOiih IHtis-trations in /^^ "^V SjF'
Color, SI. 50. / \ c+
A Deligfctful / Y A Book If on
Bit ° f 'J^^m^^ Oughr to
Romance. '
An Altogether Charming A Story of Grea.1 Historic
Story of Love and \/^^|^vV/ Value Attractively
Adventure. Written.
Now Ready and for Sale" Everywhere.
THE moods of a maid and the adventures of a Revolutionary. hero are here worked up into one of the most fascinating and exdtin*
tales yet written about the stirring days of the Revolution. Merton Balfort, the hero, and his fellow-soldiers, John Acton and Robert
Curtis, are bound up together by both choice and circumstance much as were the "three guardsmen" of 'Dumas and their adventures
are no less, thrilling and romantic than the deeds of those classic heroes. Rarely has there, appeared In flctton a maid of such versaHld
powers to charm and p-ierce the soul of a lover as the tantalizing royalist, Dborah Philipse, for whom the hero gets Into traD after tr-\r»
risking life and honor for her sake, only to be ignored and insulted a few moments afterward, until— but that's the story and a rha.rrnin»
graphic and original denouement it prewnts. " <-u*naing,
Every one who loves the scenes of galloping cavaliers, brara swordplay, desperate adventures and the ilnah «nrt rh arm «r »
hearts will want to read NONE BUT THE BRAVE cnarm of a game of
f PUBLISHERS. 372 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK.13
r THE % ' SUNDAY \ CALA-
The first of the series was i-Iiss Adelaide Murphy as the "Water
Sprite," the second Mrs. Thomas Magee Jr. as "Sunrise," the third
Kiss M. F. 3-77if t as the "Duchess cf Gainsborough," the fourth Mrs.
J. A. Clover as "Folly," the fifth Miss A. C. Loaiza as a "Hunga
rian Princess," the sixth Miss Marie Wells as "Tommy Atkins," and
the seventh Mrs. A. Chittenden as a "Twelfth Century Court Lady."
Others still to follow are "Columbia" and "Empres3 Josephine,"
both beautiful women and both excellently well known in society.
Can you solve the mystery of their identity?
TO-DAY on the front page' of one section of the Sunday Call you
•will find the most notable picture yet published in the remark
able series cf costume poses by San Francisco society women.
It is an exact reproduction of one of the most recent London photo
graphs of Queen Alexandra in tne royal robes she -Brill -wear at tho
coronation, and is doubly interesting from the fact that Mrs. Allen
Co-wan, who posed for the picture, has not only been pressnted to the
Queen, but has been called ths "Princess" for years by her intimate
friends because of her wonderful resemblance to her Majesty.
There has been nothing in years equal to ths furor created by
these society poses, for nobody knows in advance who ths next pic
ture is ta be.
San Francisco's ''Queen Alexandra"
like a racing shell. His speed is the re
sult of but two years' training.
J. Scott Leary's way of saving a woman
from drowning looks like no trick at all.
It makes you want to get in and do it
yourself, even if you can't swim a stroke.
All he does. is to throw one arm around
her neck, well under the chin, so as not
to choke her. This brings the face above
the water, and what is more Important,
gives the woman no chance to clutch the
swimmer. Try as she may, in her Insane
effort to help herself, she can get no hold.
There she must lie with her head tucked
close against his shoulder, while with one
free arm and two strong legs he drive3
his way through the water, bearing her
along.
"Of course, when you go toward her she
will reach out for you and grab you wher
ever she can- get a hold, probably about
the neck," said Mr. Leary. "And the
trick is to catch her arms before her
hands have tightened like a vise and with
a quick duck get your head under her arm
and turn her about so she can't get a
chance at you.
"It's a tussle sometimes, for you never
can tell what a drowning person is going
to do. They do such queer things, both
men and women, and a man hasn't much
time to think how to act.
"Some think the best way is. to tow a
woman along by the hair. It i3 possible, 1
of course, but in the first place you can't
keep her head out of water, and in the
second place she is likely to turn around
and grab you.
"As for having her put her hand on your
shoulder, that Is only practicable where
a woman is tired, not -if she Is drowning.
If she Is drowning she has not sense
enough to merely put her hand there and.
not try to get a stronger hold. In fact,
the only . ' safe way is the one I have
shown." . . ... .:. .
. This is something to remember, you who
To Hypnotize Animals.
ST. is a well-known fact that frogs,
fowls, crayfls.h . and numerous other
I animals can be influenced by man, and
that this ¦.. influence comes under the
may some time have to throw off your
coat and. do' the hero act.
laws of hypnotism. Although this is hyp
notic influence, the animals are, of course,
not in a hypnotic sleep, .yet for all that
It is an outgrowth of hypnotism.
A Jesuit priest named KIrchner startled
the scientific world 'by stating he could
hypnotize hens. His method was as fol
lows: The first taJng.he did was to firmly
tie the hen's legs together in order to pre
vent it escaping; he then laid it' on a
table, and after waiting a short time to let
its struggles cease - drew a chalk line
across the table parallel to a,line passing
through the hen's eyes.; The, legs were
then : untied and usually the hen would
remain quite indifferent, lying in a state
of complete passivity for five minutes or
longer, sometimes even as. long- as half
an hour. At the end of the above time the
Influence seemed' to be suddenly arrested,
the hen returning to normal activity with
a sudden jump, as if startled in sleep. The
same symptoms are observed in all ani
mals thus influenced, and it. Is to this
state of passivity that- the ' name "hyp
nosis" has been applied, although it is not
hypnotism In the strict sense of the word.
It has been practically demonstrated that
the chalk line used by Klrctier in hypno
tizing his hens. Is not entirely necessary.
Merely holding a hen firmly in one posi
tion for a short time is sometimes suf-
flcient to bring on the state of hypnosis.
This extraordinary quiescent state can
be brought about in the cat, dog, rabbit,
horse, guinea pig, mouse, duck, turkey,
DROWNING persons ought to be
allowed to drown— so Eays experi-
The rule should hold good until
drowning persons learn how to be
have when they are being saved.
There are plenty of good men willing to
go a-rescuing, but every time one does it
he leaves his chances for getting back
alive in a very small package on the bank.
All because drowning persons go crazy.
Their mania is to be saved, to be saved
at once, -to be saved at any cost-
It takes nerve to face a strangling,
etruggling creature with a maniacal gleam
Jn his eye and that one frantic thought in
his mind.
Man or woman— it's all one. A drown
ing man is as helpless, as frenzied, as
hard to save as a woman. But there is
a way of doing it. if the drowner will
gi\-e the rescuer half a chance..
Every swimmer has his own way, some
times a good one, sometimes only the
best he knows. Often It is necessary to
resort to rude, evien heroic measures, for
with one who Is past thinking-save that
one desperate thought of being saved
and with every second a thing of value,
there is scant time for formality. To
knock a person on the head is hardly
good form on dry land, but in some feet
of water it is different.
"While there are ways and ways, there
Is but one best way.
So eays J. Scott Lcary of the Olympic
Club, and he knows, for he has tried it
enough times to prove it.
Of Iste Mr. Leary has been busy win
nir.g world's records in fast swimming.
Already he has enough medals to more
than cover the front of the brief garment.
that serves as a man's bathing suit.* Ills
epecialty is sprint swimming, his latest
being the making of records on a twenty
yard dash and for 110 and 135 yards. For
Fpeed he uses the single over-arm stroke.
Half burled in the waves his swift, strong
etrokes create, be cuts through the water
PRACTICAL
INFORMATION
ON A MATTER
OF LIFE
AND DEATH.
canary, robin, parrot, pigeon, dove, snake,
.frog, toad, crab, crayfish and a few
others. Some animals can also be mes
merized-that Is. the quiescent state is
produced by means of passes. The follow
ing method has been found to be the best
for mesmerizing dogs, cats, mice and rab
bits: Make passes slowly and steadily
over the eyes and as far down as the
no=e- soon the animal will .begin to fidget,
which is a signal that it feels the influ
ence and in a short time will close its
eyes It is then in a mesmeric condition.
To awaken, blow on it and make a noise,
such as by clapping the hands or snap
ping the fingers. Upward passes can also
be made.
To hypnotize frogs, as for other animals,
they should be held firmly in one posi
tion for a short time. At first they strug
gle violently to escape, but finally quiet
down and become motionless, except for a
few occasional movements of their le S 3
and bodies. They are then in a condition
of hypnosis, and will remain so for a
period varying from a few seconds to sev
eral hours. To hypnotize a crayfish or
crab the same, method can be employed,
and when once the hypnotic state has
been induced the subject can be made to
stand on' its head ot in any other ludi
crous position.
Some persons can hypnotize animals
better than others, but it requires patience
and perseverance to find out whether one
has an influence over animals. Sometimes
it has been done when animal3 have been
suffering pain with ber.eftcient results.
, _ , . o ¦
God's sympathy is not exhausted in
HOW
TO SAVE
THE DROWNINGMASTC Sl£$-fgs
India, for example, furnishes Kliowar
(Chitral). Kortha (Assam) and Lepeha
(Thibet frontier.! : then from the Celebes
Islands comfs Alfno.r from the island of
Zanzibar, Pokomo from Sierra Lecne Bul
iom. and from the Niger territory Igliira.
The language spoken in the Hudson Bay
district is called Kri, in New Brunswick
Malisit and in British Guiana Aeawoio.
In the Friendly Islands, Fays the London
News, the inhabitants wish one another
a Merry Christmas in Tonga, while at
Port Moresby they do so in Roro.
A COMPILATION of con.=ideiable in
terest has just been brougnt out by
Dr. R. N. Cost; LL. D., the well
known Oriental scholar. It takes
the form of a, complete list of the lan
guages and dialects spoken and written
.n the British empire
The total number of these is 204, of
irhich eighty-five are furnished by Asia,
by Afrf&k-, r.n-J thirty by
Oceania. Among the tongues included in
this list are many which are decided! v-
Unfamiliar to the "man in the street."
PUZZLE PICTURES
CAN YOU SOLVE THEM?
LANGUAGES IN THE BRITISH EMPIRE.
HEIGHT Or FAMOUS VOLCANO 'MT. ETNA,
after tne eruntron of laSZ, when in the
autumn of l&S blue .lames began to
emerge from the mouth of the largest
crater and a gTear deal of vapor wa3
emitted from the lesser orifices. It was
then announced that Etna seemed to be
preparing for an effusion of lava, prob
ably on the south or southwest slopes.
The expected eruption, however, did not
.begin till the morning of July 13, 1S99.
when great volumes of smoke and lava
began to issue from the main crater, but
after several days the activity gradually
subsided.
T3E height of Mount Etna, the fam
ous volcano of Sicily, has long been
fixed at 10,866 feet. Its height has
recently been more accurately
measured by trigonometrical processes
and the exact elevation is found to be
10,755 feet. The difference is not import
ant, but the more exact determination
will, cf course, be given on the maps
hereafter published.
Mo.unt Etna has periods of almost com
plete quiescence. Six years had elapsed
ance tl$<i two knives on ih«; pin. For that'
purpose we plate the pin on the tip of one
finger and have somebody else move 'the
knives to and fro until the balance Is
reached. Then we place the whole appa
ratus on the point of the needle, as shown
in illustration. ..The balance i* easii>
reached by slightly moving the pin one
vay or the other. When the balance la
finally reached we set the knives and
cork with the pin in motion by Wowing at
it. As the sewing nee<H« is of hard steel,
the pin of softer metal, the turning mo
tion of the needle /will bore a hole in the
pin like a boring machine. •
Who can bore ii?hoie through a pin ijy
klowlns at it? . Ji is impossible, every
t><jdy will 'decl^m-; to do it you need a
•harp instrument or a boring machine.
Vtry well! jSVe will make a boring ma
:-pine by f/Klowing lawn of gravity and
*quili,br:um; We need only a few things—
1 sewing J'eedU', a cork, two pocketknives
>f equal \f eight and a bottle closed with a
:crl4. We insert the pin in oni of the
rorlts asd the eye end of the sewing
tcedle hi the cork closing the bottle. Then
Re ope nj the two poefcttknives and insert
Ihem injthe free piece of cork, as shown
in the illustration. Now we have to bal-
More recently Dr. Dendy has discovered
another New Zealand creature possessing
on only one or two islands off the
coast of New Zealand, and supppsed to
be the oldest living type of animal on the
face of the globe. One of the most curi
ous features is an organ on the head,
which at one time was spoken of as the
pineal gland, but which Dr. Dendy dis
covered to be in reality a third eye. His
paper on the subject caused the greatest
interest in the English scientific circles.
H EARLY every one has heard of
the tuatara. the curious, iguana
' like—looking creature, now found
a third eye. This is the New Zealand
lamprey, a favorite article of food amon;
the Maoris. The third eye is situated
right on top of the hJad and is covered
with a thin coating of skin. It i3 doubt
ful whether it is now of any practical us©
forseeing. but Dr. Dendy believes that at
one time, far back in the world's history,
there- were two eyes on the back of the
lamprey's head. He is further of the
opinion that at one time the tuatara also
h-ati two eyes where no.w only one re
main:;. In the tuaNtra it is -the left eye
which has 'survived, while the lamprey
it is the' right one.
FUNNY ANIMALS WITH THREE EYES.
Dissolve a tablespoonful of saltpeter In secretly) with the glowing match. Th«
a tumbler of water and draw with the saltpeter will catch fire immediately and
help of a pointed brush an outline figure burn along the line drawn with the brush,
on thin white paper and put it aside to burning out the figure as it goes along.
dry. The drawing on the paper will be ' : • ? • :
invisible. Then light a match, oiow it out i Love's young dream Is all right until thS
immediately and touch a certain point ir: I- matrimonial alarm, clock goes off and
the outline figure. (which we have marked i causes a rude awakening.
The preparation of such fire drawing
sheets is very simple, and everybody with
a little talent for drawing can produce
them at small expense.
We show^the audience an apparently
blank sheet of white paper, touch it with
a glowing match, and in a short time we
have a figure burnt out- of the paper.
The secret of'this magic trick is easily
explained. The performer has (belore the
performance) written the word or number
reversed on the newspaper. The chalk,
when pressed against the wet slato, prints
the number or. word in sharp and easily
distinguishable lines. This pretty little
trick can be used for many card tricks
and arithmetical tasks.
Clean both sides of a plain slate with
a wet sponge, wrap it in a newspaper and
give it to somebody of the audience for
safe keeping. After going through a short
magic rite, take the newspaper package
back and open it. A word or number
written by magic hand is plainly read
able.
it in connection with L. I* Roush, the
famous American photographer. .
The balcony at the right is most inter
esting, riere is Abbey, who will paint the
coronation, and here will be recognized
Henry Irving. and Ellen Terry and Pader
ewski.
• See if you can pick out the others in
this marvelous little balcony.
Among others in the picture are the
Bishop of London, the Dean of Westmin
ster, Archdeacon Farrar, Canon Duck
v.orth. Lord Minto, Governor General of
Canada, Canon Colton. Canon FrontbicU,
Archbishop of Canterbury and Dean Pro
thero.-:;
You will see Rudyard Kipling, Robert
Barr, John Morley, John Hare, Edmond
Rostand, Marconi and many others;
You will note the Crown Princes of the
various countries, and in the group at the
right, in the foreground, thero*are many
personal friends. .'.:¦'
This picture is one of the most remark
able achievements ever accomplished in
artistic photography. The interior of the
old abbey, with the lights shifting across
it. making the shadows deeper, affords a
tine setting for the gorgeous gowns.
Only a - very few of the audience are
shown, for the abbey is laTge and hun
dreds will sit In the back, where the spec
tacle will be dimly seen.
The coronation is an event that occurs
only once in the lifetime of most people.
Few living to-day remember the corona
tion of Queen Victoria, and few of those
who view this scene may be alive when
Thr King's son George .takes the throne.
Still; isf the King is along in years this
is not such an impossibility as though
he were young and had a lifetime before
him.
This beautiful picture was obtained by
this newspaper at great cost of time and
trouble, so that its readers could have
their curiosity gratified ' regarding the
£reat spectacle which takes place «.— s
coming week.
If you cannot go to the coronation, and
there are many who cannot get away or
who ¦ could not hope to get admission to
Westminster, you can at least see a pict
ure of it; and here is the finest one ever
made and offered to a host of admiring
readers.,,.
It will take you all day to study out the
pictures in the photograph. Try to see if
you can recognize the faces. [ There are
200 of them for you to identify.
£ 'B^HE picture on page eight shows the
I readers of this newspaper the man-
rer in which the principal figures
I will be a rranged^iU^the coronation.
JL Joseph Chcate. the American Eni
baEsador, occupies a high position at the
left hand side of the picture. . ".. .
In the background, where the light from
cue of the long windows falls upon them,
stand the King and Queen. On each side
of them are the members of the royal
family, the immediate household of King
Edward VII and Queen Alexandra.
The Prince and Princess of Wales will
be recognized, the Princess Beatrice, the
Prircess Victoria, the Duke and Duchess
of Fife, the Prince .and Princess Carl ot
Der.mark and all others close of kin.
You will see Whitelaw Reid standing'
not far from Lord Salisbury, while in
ftont of them are arranged the American
Duchesses, the beautiful American wo
men cf title, who will be represented
throughout the coronation services..
Over 300 negatives, were employed in
the construction of this beautiful photo
graph, and an English artist/ worked upon
WONDERFUL COMPOSITE PICTURE, SHOWING
THE CORONATION AS IT WILL REALLY BE.
¦ Do you know how General Kutsky was
blown into the air during the siege of
Sebastopol? ' .
Insert two matches into the small sides
of a matchbox, as shown in illustration,
and place a third one horizontally be
tween the two upright matches. Plant a
match in the middle to represent the rider
nnd place it on the horizontal match "as
shown. Light the horizontal match be
twet-n the rider and one end, and you will
see immediately how General Kutsky, was
blown into the air. ;
A MIXTURE SORTN-G- M^CflTNS
AWCR TRTCK-
"DON'T GO NEAR THAT CHEST!" WHO IS SPEAKINGP
.XTNT HANNAH HAS GONE TOR FIREWOOD. WHERE IS SHE?
WHERE IS THE SHEPHERD'S DAUGHTER?
'(GOOD jiZbRHjuaG,* raSHZ. 1 ' WHO IS SP2AXING?
FIND THE RABBIT THAT THE HUNTER IS LOOKING FO!
THJB GIRL'S FATHER PROMISED HER A BOAT RIDE. WHERE IS HE?
THE SUNDAY CALL.
TO BURN A FIGURE CUT OF A SHEET OF WRITE
PAPER WITH ONE TOUCH OF A LIVE GOAL.
Th^ necessary materials for
the tricks in thess columns ar j
found in every fun-loving
home, - or may easily be pro
cured at the expense of a few
14
HOME
MAGIC' By all means, little girl, if you are five
feet nothing and sweet in face, wear a
tailor hat. Trim it with a plain flat band
of very lustrous Liberty and at one side
set a small Liberty chou. Perhaps, if you
be a little mountain maid, you can wear
The Little Sailor Hat.
The sailor hat which comes in every
summer has so many rivals this year that
cue would think it might grow discour
sed and hide its diminished shape be
hind gome of the broader and newer
etvles. .
But not so. The sailor hat, although
obscured by the tri-corncred shapes and
put out'of .sight by the natty dish and the
wonderful English walking hats, is cer
tainly here again, and one sees it. llkrf
en old friend, with its band of white or
blue ribbon and its square little crown
and rigidly becoming brim.
For several seasons past the milliners
have been trying lo g.ve their, patrons
tin* tig bow. Streamers have been intro
duced every spring and were among the
J-Jaster novelties. But they disapjK-arcd
and were not perpetuated beyond the
Eastertide. The lew who bought them
were glad to rip off the trailing ends and
in a Jew weeks Dame Fashion had gone
back to Jier strcamcrless mode.
liut this spring the streamers and tne
ribbon bow showed that they had come
to stay. They appeared upon the back
of three hats out of live and those that
did not have them offered, at least, a
]>iace for them. Now the mode is so com
n>cn that it attracts no attention beyond
a clance of admiration for its prettiness.
i.r;d almost any hat can be trimmed in
this way. ;
The Trailing Ends.
That is a feature of so many summer
hats, the ribbon bow at the back. And
It is a lecture which does not pall. It is
common yet novel, pretty and becoming,
easily constructed and universally worn.
The bis bow at the back is treated in so
many ways that one imrclly knows whtcn
to sj>ecitv as tne most tajrnionable.
For the moment me nbu<m v.nicn trims
the brim or the crown is ihe one that js
u«ed for the bow at tne bac-ii. It is tied on
tup and the ends and loops tall' low. some
times almost to the nape of the neck, cov
ering the bac-K ot the head and entirely
concealing the coiffure.
If invited to the theater, for theaters
have a way of offering one attraction or
another all the year around, one can put
on a very small turban toque looped at
the back with a satin bow. In the front
the little affair dips and each side is turn
ed high. Around the brim there are big
round straw ornaments through which a
ribbon is laced. At the back this same
ribbon forms a bow on top of the hat with
*nds so arranged that they fall upon the
auir.
If asked to go to a garden party
on? can put "on one's sprigged muslin and
pally forih resplendent in waving plumes
colored satin straw; Neapolitan buckles,
chiffon chonx and Hying ribbons.
THE -woman who said that if she had
a hat she could do without a gown
is repeating her assertion.
With new hats and plenty of
them, one can be very independent.
the long feather which is stiff and -brown
«nd is pulled through the crown— not the
biim— in such a way Chat the : quill end
sticks out and also the -feather end, with
a prf-at space between.
They" trim the sailors-'-quite a little— th<>
imported sailorr— for those women who
l : l r e trimrr.insr. At the back there can be
a bow with the ends r.r.d the loops hang
ing ever and the same* ribbon can thread
the crown In big. loose" ribbon stitche:v
That is oneway. ¦"Another is to pile a
rrsp pardon nt one sicle, while around the
hat there is a crush of rose siik. This is
very becoming. And they are facing
these sailors with the tiniest little pink
r<sf-s, button roses, put on to make a
lft tie lining for the brim, like a solid fac
ing.
And then they turn up the sailor hats
plumb in the middle of. the back and
fasten .them with a big. wide silk bow of
the "made" type, with the silk cut on the
bias and with wide, slanting ends. The
front has no trimming if one can except
a rather severe band of silk folded well.
The Dish Hat.
There is a perfect craze this year for
Mhe hat which, for lack of a better name,
Is called a dish hat. It is like a sailor
hat, only a little more so. Its crown is
lower, or a great deal higher, and its brim
is always wider. It Is trimmed in simple
fashicn by draping a quantity of material
around the crown and by stitching a few
quills in the trimming.
It is an easy trimming and one that,
though not novel, is employed again and
again in the summer modes. ¦
The raindrop satins and the raindrop
aflka are the ones that are used for trim
mi.r.g these hats. Perhaps you would call
them the polka dots. The material must
be wioe and there must be plenty of it,
enough to go around the hat, in big, loose
folds and look us though it were not
skimped in any way. Then the quills are
stuck in, rather straight, and the ma
terial is again brought into play so as to
fully drape the too.
The hat that is called the rough and
ready, and the hat which is styled the
ready to wear, are very similar. The rough
and ready Is the one that will stand all
usage; and, if it be of the right type
it is a hat that will bear rain and sum
mer snows, if snows there be, and will
positively not show the dust and dirt
To be thus immune against the worst
enemies of the season the rough and
ready must excel in durable colors. The
khaki felts are admirable and Very pret
ty, too, and beauty and durability "do not
often travel together. When found hand
in hand, one. should not forget them.
Not quite as smart as khaki is our
Rough Rider brown, but it is every bit as
becoming. Really it is more so, for the
color is warmer, and. upon light people
shis is greatly valued.
It is found in felt and In every coarse
straw, trimmed with Cuban grass straw
and with swamp straw and fancy straw
that is rough and durable.
Durable Straws.
Rrally women in general do not trust
their milliners sufficiently. One has an
abiding faith that one's milliner is try
ing to sell, the hat, and so one loses con
fidence. :
This is not right, nor is it reasonable.
The milliner Is a woman, or a man, who
Intends to sell the hat and who hopes to
in doubt what to wear there is the flower
toque. And at no time is it inappropriata.
One can wear it week day, .or Sunday, and
v/ith white or black.
It has another merit not to be ignored.
It is not expensive. I
ily about this hat— that it is becoming'to
so many. .Geraniums are lovely, treated
, in- the same way, the flowers on top and
the yellowish green leaves around.
The summer -girl better have a -flower
hat for it is a thing that is useful. When
which they put on, one overlying the
other, like the leaves in Caesar's crown.
All around the head these leaves lie, and
at the back there is a bow of black vel
vet ribbon. " • . ..'.-' •'¦ -.. • •»
This is charming, and there Is one odd- -
Between the ready-to-wear hat and the
dress hat there is a great gulf fixed.'
One of them is as severe as the- other
is fanciful.
It would take a puzzle expert to un
ravel the mysteries of the trimming of a
French hat and a milliner to explain the
matter after it had been unraveled.
The clever woman who performs that
modern miracle known ae making her
own hats will find herself with a task
before her this year of uncommon serious
ness. Better by far to buy the hat and
save on some other part of .the ward
robe.
Chiffon, so long In possession of the
millinery field, still holds Its own. Silk
muslin and maline and the Btiffer fab
rics are used in hat trimmings, but how
one does go back to chiffon when one
wants something absolutely pretty.
They are trying the transparent ma
terials upon hats with very fine results.
Materials that are diaphanous are used
rell you another on some day. Therefore
it is a good plan to put one's faith in a
milliners taste and to say, "Select for
me!"
Uady Curzon, whose hats are actual
dreams in becomingness, is a woman who
trusts Iter milliner. She has one in Lon
don to whom sin- has gone for years. To
this woman she says: "I will leave it all
to your .judgment." with the. result that
the prettiest hajja are 'bought for reason
able prices.
Hut we catinot jail be* Lady Curzons and
gve ii mill ner carte blanche to ssl?ct. At
the same time we can trust to the taste
of the woman who is in trade and can be
assisted and guided by her trained judg
ment.
Hars that point ;it the front are coming
in. One notices that many of the new
straw? show this peculiarity. But let the
woman of long, straight features beware.
The hat that comes to a dip in front is
delightful upon a tHted nose, the pug and
tilts turn-up, but it makes a long, _ thin .
nose positively ugly. The classic typu
should choose some ether .style.
They arc taking the straw shapes and
turniiis them up at both side?, like tho
Knglish walking hats, but in s'ich a way
that there is a point in front. Around the
hrim there are !aid folds of silk, and tlto
quills Bland high at one side.
The plainest o£ straws look dressy treat
ed to the sharply pointed front, atul one
can really lit one's self out nicely at 'tin.*
cost of a few cents.
Streamers and Ringlets.
It is a certain thing that we are going
back to streamers and ringlets. Plenty
of one and plenty of the other.-
Grandmother of 1830 wore them and. wo
shall wear them also— just as grand
mother used to do.
The ringlets are the little corkscrew
kind, attached to the coiffure and allowed
to caress the neck. An irreverent girl
likened them to bolognas; they are so
round and so compact.
And so becoming!
Take a homely woman, one who is
sharp in feature or squatty in face, as
the case may be. Let her be ever so
severe, ever so afflicted with wrinkles and
ever so devoid of contour of chin, and
dress her up in ringlets, and you have a
picture at. least.
Take a pretty girl and hang a few
curls to her coiffure so that they fall'for
ward and lie upon her neck, coming just
under her prett" pink ear, and you will
make a picture that is bewitching.
Curls are coming in very fast and by
midsummer the ringlets will be as numer
ous and as fashionable as" the streamer.
And just as bewitching.
Oh, the grace of the softly floating end
and the gentle curl and the drapery, of
the veiling and of the dotted scarf!' It
makes a frame for the face and supplies
the just something which so often seems
to be lacking.
The Dress Hats. ':
for draping the hat and under the thin
stuff there is a. color.
Lace and every sort of thin<stuif. all the
materials .that are employe'.! in" gowns,
are draped over taffeta of every color un
der the sun, and the. whole is used for
the trimming of the handsome summer
hats. ¦ - ...-.:. ....
Picture hats are uncommonly picture
like treated thus. : .
A hat ' designed for dressy wear, upon
the riszza, nt the garden party, phaeton
driving, strolling or the like, was in white
straw, round and flat, and very sugges
tive'of grandmother's days. .
The Piazza Hat.
The thinnest of chips are revived for
these shapes and the dip clown at each
side is noticed, just, as in' the old White
garden hats.
The brim, thin, flexible and of a cream
chip, is faced with lace and maybe there
is a little fall of lace to curtain the hair.
The hat is simply trimmed by winding
its low crown with a quantity of iose
colored taffeta, and over this there is
white mull, as thin as can be," and
trimmed- with lace upon the lower edge
and the upper edge, with lace turned so
as to fall over the mull. At the neck the
mull is tied into a little scarf with lace
ends. The whole is sweetly pretty. No
other term will describe this . hat, the
type of the one worn by the' heroines of
the novels of the days of long ago.
Pink and white, rose color and cream,
arbutus and ecru, all these tones are used
in the trimming of. these hats; '.and then
there are the roses to go with th,em— for
every hat has its rose, just as every gar
cient its flower. • • , ' • ' ' ¦-' '. > •
The woman in the garden hat, all soft
and lacy and draped in pink, is quite a
different creature. from .the woman in the
futing hat.- But to-be in >the summer"
swim she must own both and wear each
at different periods of the day. ,
They are making ingenious hat boxes,
each box fitted out with pegs and spaces
for eight v hats. .Eight -hats! -Dream; of
opulence! But actually necessary if o.ne
would win distinction in the summer cam
paign. . - / '¦:;'. • ¦
Mrs. James Brown Potter is doing won
derfully well, from a standpoint of looks,
in her big white hats. The great white
hat trimmed with feathers is expensive,
for one cannot use a great deal of sham
upon it. '. ¦ . .
The Little Flower Toque.
The very, very small hat seems to have
disappeared. It got smaller arid' smaller
until now you cannot see it. It may bo
hidden in the shop windows behind the
larger shapes, but you do not know it is
there; and, gradually, you are forgetting
it? existence.
The tiny hat may possibly be recognized
in the flower, toque, the hat with top of
violets and rim of green leaves. This is a
pretty hat for a woman to wear, a lady
like hat, one that you cannot help admir
ing upon others, even though you do not
want to wear it yourself.
Girls who are handy with the needle and
who have good taste are buying these lit
tle frames and thatching them with vio
lets, bought for. the purpose. When they
have planted a violet bed atop the hat,
they, go around the brim with leaves
THE SUNDAY CALL.
Hat Ts S^V^e
and Scant tTLj
*he-B*S ScFii H^t
f^ds a AWTTneP
( to Un^V^T Us
THE MIDSUMMER
HATE
15THE SUNDAY GALL.
16elusion will > be reached regarding the
Bond-Blaine convention. . Newfoundland
Is determined to have the matter settled,
and while her. attitude will \ bring up al
most every .question now pending be
tween, the United States and Canada, the
prospect of a satisfactory agreement ap
pears bright, though such matters as the
Alaskan boundary and the re-meeting «_>f
the Joint High Commission are involved.
AS TO NEWFOUNDLAND.
Another noteworthy item in connection
with the conference is that a proposition
will be brought forward for the confed
eration of Newfoundland and ' Canada.
This, while doubtless causing some stir
and the usual crop of incorrect rumors,
has been abortive.
TWO OF * THE CONGRESSMEN
WHO ARGUED THE PHILIPPINE
BILL YESTERDAY.
Morgan to Make Sweeping Changes:
LONDON, June 2L— If J. P. Morgan had
tot been unexpectedly absent in the Med
terranean, this^week >,wbuld have been
aarked by important developments in the
nancial stages' of the "Atlantic shipping
but* he-; was unable to come. and. "so ! thi
proposed meeting, was postponed. '' Sweep
ing changes and, economies in .working ex
p'enses '< will soon be put in operation. '
combine. "All i the : heads the companies,
including Bernard ; N7 : Bak'er , -president of
the '-Atlantic-',. Transport?, line, who is; now
here, 'expected Morganin London Friday,
>7ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N. W., WASH
/ INGTON, June 21.— Here is a list of things
%*^ Congress has donAi
.' "It, harf killed the Nicaragua canal bill and -|.
passed the. .Panama canal bill. -• |
• It'has Ullled^the^bill for a Government cable to |
the Philippine* and decided' not to interfere with .
private' enterprise .pledged to .breaking monopoly. •
It .lias ¦panned: a.' river* and harbor bill; aggre- ,
frating $70,000,000. ' ; . ¦
it has passed 'a'liill committing the Government
to the policy of reclaiming "the arid lands of the
far West. •/ • " ¦ h ¦, .' ."
. It. will -probably pass some, bill for civil goy->
, ernment'of "¦ the Philippines. '*/¦>;
' It'' has passed .many, thousands of. special pen- .
xion bills. •••• • •', ¦ /.-i?r"'';-\' •' ¦ - .¦ I .'* «¦¦'•.— /y-fr'-^' ,"
. It has prohibited: the sale of oleomargarine as
butter.. ••'.'.• '/ '¦'..'¦. .' . .;.-.V;-\
It; has 'repealed all war taxes, amounting . to
about . SH7O.OO6.6OO. _ • ..... ¦£';','
The ship subsidy bill was passed'by the Sen- .
ate, and killed imthe House. . . \ ' ; Y
.' Chinese /exclusion was re-enacted. • . '-
, .' It'aiuen«le'd the' bankruptcy! bills (probably). •;
It has passed •,¦ appropriation? ;billw exceeding ;
that of ; any -Congress at its first session,'-. except '¦¦_
the wnr .Congresses. • . ; "'
yr^ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET," N. W., WASH
# . INGTON, June 21.— These are the thing* Con
%sr erress. has failed to doY
It has failed to grant concesulons to Cuba.
. It has turned its back; on a plan to pro
vide for national defense by enacting a militia
law. • - \ , . .
It has "refused to pass a law for a general staff
of the army. .v~'' ; *' '-i.il
¦ It has smothered all '.reciprocity treaties. '
It will probably gro on record as; being; unable
to agree on a comprehensive -measure for the sup
pression of anarchy. ' ' '.
It has considered consular, reform as of no im
portance, ' >¦; . '
- It'has failed to .grasp, the trust. Issue, -and has
. passed- no legislation for the jregulation> of trusts,
ignoring the recommendation of the President and
the Industrial Commission. "' .' ,
. It has setits.. face against tariff revision and
tariff reform. ¦
It has postponed action on the bill creating the,
Department of Commerce, which passed the' Sen-'
ate.' '.' . ¦' ' •".¦¦_
it has not_ placed restrictions of any sort, other
.than those now in effect, on European emigra
tion. wB&8B&^ : t~'-, : '- : '', ' • - ' ¦. - ¦¦'-..
What This Congress Has Done.
Things Congress Fails to Do.
REVIEW OF THE NATIONAL
LAWMAKERS' WORK TO DATE
Father Deady, who showed Mrs. Oel
richs-and her daughter about the church,
wiil officiate and the service.! of .'music,
which will be elaborate, will be rendered
by the • regular choir of the church, ac
ccir.panied by the organ and by Mullaly's
orchestra of the Casino. St. Joseph's
Church, which is about to be replaced- hy
a larger and handsomer edifice,.: is, be
cause of its ace, not a very '• attractive
place, and appreciating this ; ; Father
Deady will offer every facility for deco
rating the interior with flowers. For the
reception and wedding breakfast a tem
porary addition is to be built to the Oel
richs cottage in Kay street. ¦ .., £ J, ¦• ; i'
NEWPORT, . June 2L— Mr. and.: Mrs.
Charles M. Oelrlchs have selected St. Jo
seph's Church, in Washington Square, fcr
the wedding, on Thursday, June : 24, of
their daughter. Mis» Lilly Oelrlchs, and
Peter D. Martin ofSarr Francisco. Mrs.
Oelrichs and Miss Oelrlchs called- on thb
Rev. Father Deady, pastor of the church,
to-day, and some of the more important
details were decided upon. ' ' ' -
V OWS WILL BE SPOKEN
IN ST. JOSEPH'S CHTTRCH
cellor of the Exchequer, has openly de
clared his hostility to the idea. So what
is the good 'of our having a mock debato
for the sake of holding up Chamberlain's
hands into the empty air." . . .
UNITED STATES AND CANADA;
The only end likely to be achieved at
this really notable meeting is one. which
is peculiarly Interesting . to the I United
States and Canada. .
It ie known that Sir Wilfrid Laurler,
the Canadian Premier; Sir Robert Bond,
the Premier of Newfoundland, and Cham
berlain intend^o thresh out .their;.long
standing differences of opinion, and on
all sides there is hopefulness that; a con-
achieved through ..reciprocity "with the
United States,, which" is -much more im
portant "-to '¦Newfoundland than imperial
trade, preference. '.';
SECRETARY OF THE BRITISH COLONIAL-SYSTEM- AND TWO OF THE
PREMIERS WHO WILL NOT SUBMIT TO THE -IMPERIAL PRO
GRAMME ARRANGED FOR THE COMING CONFERENCE. •>
One of the; relics is a flat gold bar
thought {o be the oldest piece of inscribed
jewelry in the-world.' It bears the symbol
of King Me'nes," who is thought to have
reigned about 3200 B. C. Another exhibit
is a piece of papyrus. on which is written
a complaint by Nechthemetes to a chief
of police with reference to a robbery on
her premises. \ This relic bears the date
of 190 B. C, A : piece of papyru3 of the
third century bears a'letter of Demetrius
to his father^ Hera'cleldes, blaming him
for not sending baskets of fodder.
GHICAGO. June 21.— Relics of kings
who ruled 2000 years before^ the Christian
era, together with complaints of a chief
of police, written < on papyrus 2000 years
ago, are on display for the first time in
the Haskell museum of the University
of, Chicago. The exhibition is given by
the Chicago Society of Egyptian Re
search and the relics were gathered last
summer. . »
RELICS. OF OLD KINGS
ARE NOW ON DISPLAY
Brainard: F.- Smith, the Postmaster of
Repressa (the prison), announced that he
liad resigned. .The postoffice probably
•will be placed in a building outside the
prison _ grounds/, There had been com
plaints that Warden Wilkinson had been
in the habit of stopping the mail carrier
between Folsom and the prison and open
ing the mail bag.
Members of . the board said that, .per
sonally, they were satisfied with what
they had seen and heard. They would not
say, however,' whether, they thought' Wil
kinson had done any wrong, or whether
they believed the prison was conducted
in a highly proper manner. The intima
tion was given out that the subject might
be considered at a future meeting.
Several hours were spent by. the board
in executive session to-nightat the Fol
oom prison J considering the management
of Warden Wilkinson. Charges of cruelty
had been made, against him. but -jtf these
charges were' considered' the' fact was not
made known.
The foregoing significant resolution,
adopted this afternoon by the State
Board of Prison Directors, indicates that
the expose in The Call of shady transac
tions in the management of the State
Prison at San Quentin has opened the
eyes of the members. The board evi
dently intends to try to cut ' out any
chance for crooked work In the future
and expert convict bookkeepers will not
have so .much to do in the handling of
books and papers. .
SACRAMENTO, June 21.—"Here
after no claims will be allowed by the
board not made out in the handwrit
ing of claimants and upon original
billheads of the creditors of tho
prison. No original bill shall be
made out in the handwriting of any
convict, and all necessary corrections
upon billheads shall be .made, in red
ink and in such manner as not to
obliterate the original words or fig
ures." -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
No More Substitute
Claims Are to Be
Made Out
Revising the 1 Methods
of Bookkeeping by
Prisoners.
Significant Action
Bearing on the
Charges^
NEW RULE
RELATING
TO BILLS
STATESMEN DEBATE
PHILIPPINES BILL
Son of the Famous General McClellan Makes
Eloquent Defense of the Army.
PREMIERS OF THE COLONIES
WILL SURPRISE CHAMBERLAIN
Decision Is Reached to Refuse to Make Any Suggestions Until
Imperial Government's Intentions Are Known.
CALL'S EXPOSE OF SHADY DEEDS AT
SAN QUENTIN WAKES UP DIRECTORS
City Detective Devinney was passing
the apartment-house when he heard
groans, seeming to come up from the cel
lar. Not finding any one there he went
up to the first story, which led cut to the
base of the shaft. There he found Dolan.
The latter said he had been charing an
alleged thief across the roof to the other,
over the air shaft, and he had attempted
to steady himself by taking hoid of the
chimney. The chimney crumbled v/ith
bin weight and he fell to the bottom of
the shaft, part of the chimney goln?
down with him. Dolan became uncon
scious before an ambulance could be
called and died in the hospital without
any more of his story having been ob
tained, nor could the occupants of the
apartment house throw any light on tha
accidcr.t
NEW YORK, June ZL— While chasing
an alleged thief across the roof of a flve
etory apartment house in Ninth avenue
in broad daylight, Edward Dolan, a pri
vate detective, fell down an air shaft, re
ceiving a fractured jaw, a broken ankle,
a fractured hip and internal injuries,
which resulted in his death two hours
later.
CHASE OF THE THIEF
CAUSE OF HIS DEATH
"We have no voice in the fiscal policy
«f Great Britain, and have not always
complete control of our own. Obviously
ft is the duty of the mother and govern
ing country to make propositions to U3,
Instead of our making propositions to it.
We might Bit for months and arrive at
no conclusion satisfactory to all of the
colonies, and find that the results of our
deliberations were filed away Id some
pigeonhole In Downing street. Lord Salis
bury bis publicly stated his dlsbel'ef in
the practicability of colonial preference,
and Sir Michael Hicks-Beach, the Chan-
¦w- ONDON, June 21.— A titter sur
ly prise awaits the Colonial Sec-
II retary, Joseph Chamberlain,
N . In connection with his ap-
J^^a^J ,proaching conference •with the
Colonial Premiers, who are
new in London for the purpose of attend
ing the coronation of King Edward. For
months the Government has been urging
Parliament not to express any kind ot
opinion upon the feasibility of preferential
trade with the colonies, and when intro
ducing measures tending to such an end
it has warned off discussion on the
ground that it would not be fair to do or
say anything until the Colonial Premiers
had a chance to announce their views on
the subject. Unfortunately for the Gov
ernment, the Premiers had already come
to a decision that they would refuse to
make any suggestions until th» Imperial
Government puts forward its own inten
tions. That is exactly what the Cabinet
not only does not want to do, but. cannot
do. Hence a perfectly tame and futile
ending may be safely prophesied for the
much-advertised conference with the
Colonial Premiers.
HO VOICE IN FISCAL POLICY.
One of the latter said to The Call cor
respondent:
Maddox questioned Secretary Root's fig
ures as to the cost of the war In the Phil
ippines. • He said he could not understand
how ' he ¦ got his , figures. The actual
COST OF THE WAR.
W T-T- yASHINGTON, June ZL—
H Mi " / Debate "oh the Philippine
H /f| / Government" bill lagged in
]^f Wj/ the House to-day. There
Y . Y i were Seven j speakers —
Reeves ;¦- of ' Illinois and
Brorawell of Ohio for tile bill and Maddox
of, Georgia, . Dinsmore of Arkansas' and
Thayer of Massachusetts against It. Mc-
Clellan of, New York, a. son <" of the late
General, George B. McClellan, delivered, a
short but eloquent defense of the army.
¦ Reeves was the first; speaker. Laying
down, the proposition that the retention of
the Philippines would not' ultimately be
prejudicial to the welfare, of either the
Filipino or American people, , who should
withdraw, he undertook to show that In
stead of proving harmful ; 'to, either, our
retention of the islands would be benefi
cial to>oth.;He contrasted the condition
of the Filipinos under the Spanish regime
with their conditions now and: with what
it might be; expected to be in : the future
under the civil ' government provided by
the pending ' bill, and then proceeded to
discuss at length the benefits^which would
accrue to the American. people.'
GREAT MARKET . IN" • ORIENT.
In doing so he used, a wealth of sta
tistics to show that our great- market in
the future ; would be in the Orient, and
that our position at the gateway of the
East would be of immeasurable advantage
to us.; In this connection he reviewed the
successful struggle waged j by, President
McKinley with the powers tc*
secure the "open. door", in; Asia, to show
that in'order to get the full benefit of that
great victory we must retain our present
vantage ground in the East.
Maddox of ' Georgia, who followed
Reeves, opposed the bill. The question of
whether we are to permanently retain the
Philippines, he ; said, would be ultimately
decided not by Congress,/but by the Amer
ican 'people.' • ¦" . •-
v "God was with us during the war with
Spain/,' he continued, "and entered into
the peace "negotiations,, but the devil
stepped in and he has been running things
ever since." _.
McClellan of New York In a brief
speech defended the army. There may
have been instances of cruelty In the Phil
ippines, he said, but there should be no
difference among Americans about up
holding our soldiers while they are under
fire.
"The army Is not and never has been
and never will be the asset of one polit
ical party." said he, amid a round of ap
plause.
The last speaker of the day was Thayer
of Massachusetts, who made a strong
anti-imperialistic speech. He said that
the military had encroached upon the
civil authority, but Insisted that the op
position to the present Philippine policy
was making no attack upon the army la
the field.
' At 5 o'clock the House took a rece3S
until 8 o'clock.
At the evening session Palmer (R.) of
Pennsylvania, in support of th* bill, de
nied that "an imperial design lurkcci in the
minds of the American people cr of thoso
responsible for the conduct of affairs in
the Philippines.
Conrby (D.) of Massachusetts insisted
that the heavy loss of life" and the enor
mous expenditure in the Philippines were
direct evidence of the imperialistic toa
dency of the party in power.
. At 10:30 the House adjourned. v' '
Dinsmore of Arkansas made an earnest
speech, appealing to both aides to weigh
well the tremendous issue which was to
be decided In the- pending legislation. De
elded one way it meant, he said, free
government and Independence for the Fil
ipinos; decided the other way It' meant
colonial subjects and a perpetual colonial
policy. He severely criticized General
Wood's course in using Cuban funds lo
influence legislation In the United States.
"The importance of tbfci undertaking
has been apparent to the business inter
ests of Denver and Salt Lake City for
some years. All over leading men have
advocated the building of a road and or
ganized industrial and flnanrt^i bodies—*
notably the Denver Board of Trade— not
only advocated a closer connection be
tween the two cities, but have from time
to time endeavored to create a sentiment
among the people for it. This important
connection established, not only will th«
region traversed be developed, but It will
lead to a better connection with the entire
Northwest as far north as Idaho, Wash
ington and Orejron."
amount appropriated on account of the
war with Spain and the subsequent op
erations in the Philippines, he said, ex
ceeded J1,000,000,00<£ or about half of the
cost of the Civil "War. He declared that
the cost of the army In the Philippines,
including transportation, had been in ex
cess of $100,000,000 annually, and with the
reduced force would not fall much, below
$S5,000,000. If the army In the Philippine*
for the last fiscal year cost only $40,000,000.
as Secretary Root alleged, he wanted | to
know what had become of the remainder
of the $115,000,000 appropriated In the army
appropriation bill for that year.
"This road, running, you may say, north
and northwest from Denver to Salt Lake
City, is not built for the purpose of enter
ing into a competitive field, or for the
purpose of making another road to the Pa
cific Coast. It doe3 this, however, simply
because in connecting these two cities it
forms a link in a railroad chain. "What
we chiefly want Is a first-class, well-built
road between Denver and Salt Lake City.
"I have made the necessary preliminary
arrangements looking forward to the
building of the Northwestern Pacific Rail
way and this railway enterprise has now
advanced to the point where we can go
on and build it. In addition to the $2,500,
000 subscribed in the city of Denver, out
side capital has been secured to build the
line. Rails have been ordered and the
work Is going oil. At the proper time the
public will be made acquainted with the
details of the enterprise. "We purpose to
issue 120,000,000 of bonds and $20,000,000 of
stock. The stock will be preferred and
common.
The new road. It la expected by its pro
moters, will reduce the time between Den
ver and Salt Lake City by ten hours.
Work on it will be begun at once, large
orders having been placed for 80-pound
steel rails.
Moffatt, before he left for Denver to
day,-said:
NEW YORK, June 21.— David H. Moffatt,
president of the First National Bank of
Denver, who has been in this city for the
past sixty days, has concluded success
fully the financial arrangements prelim
inary to the building of the Denver,
Northwestern and Pacific Railway. Sen
ator W. A. Clark has entered into an
agreement with Moffatt by which the San
Pedro, Los Angles and Salt Lake Rail
road will connect at Salt Lake with Mof
fatt's new road, and the latter will con
nect with the Rock Island and the Bur
lington at Denver.
Deal That Means New
Transcontinental
System.
Link to Run Between
Salt Lake and
Denver.
Plans Are Completed
fot Connecting
Railroads.
NEW LINE
TO LOWER
THE TIME
Pages 17to28
Pap 17 to 28
VOLUME XCII— NO. 22.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE v 22, 1902— FORTY PAGES.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
•Newfoundland •will not consent to los
ing her individuality as the oldest coloqy,
especially in view of her present satisfac
tory financial condition, though Canada's
offer to include the island in the domain
would mean a reduction by 20 per cent ot
the now necessarily imposed on
the Newfoundlanders. , Sir Robert Bond
believes. that the. same end can be better
The San Francisco Call.It is said that the virus used was se
cured from a Philadelphia chemist and
that it consisted mostly of carbon and
glanders. The British are now retali
ating, so it is intimated, by refusing en
trance of Louisiana cattle to South Af
rica.
NEW ORLEANS, June 21.— It has de
veloped about the boarding-houses where
the sailors and muleteers were recruited
for the British during the South African
war, according to a story printed to-day
in The States, that the diseases now rag
ing in South Africa among the livestock
there are due to inoculations made In this
port by Boer sympathizers and dis
gTuntled muleteers playing even with the
British.
BOEHS ABE ACCUSED
OF SPREADING DISEASE
Were Married Sixty Years Ago.
STOCKTON, June ZL— M. M. Nichols
and wife of Stockton yesterday celebrated;
their sixtieth wedding anniversary. NIch-»
ol3 is in hl3 84th year, and his wife is 82.
Nichols has never worn, glasses and can
read the finest print. They have . threa
daughters.. '-.-'¦¦.", '
national Institution. Is Suggested,,
but Critics Say tho. Scheme Is
Dangerous.
HAVANA, Cuba, June £L— There Is tdl
be submitted to the Cwoan Congress or|
Monday a proposition looking to the es
tablishment of a Cuban national bank,
authorized to issue paper currency to tha
extent of 70 per cent of the amount of
mortgages held and to lend 20 per cent of
such funds to purchasers of breeding cat
tle to the amount of twenty head each.
The proposition provides that all Gov-»
ernment funds must be kept In the bank,
which must always have on hand suffi
cient silver to redeem the paper currency
Issued. Several local newspapers criticize'
the scheme as dangerous.
CONGBESS OF CTTBA
MAY ESTABLISH A BAN3C
VANCOUVER, B. C, June 21.— The long
shoremen struck to-day for more wages, and
loading of vessels has stopped. It Is probable
that the trouble will be adjusted by Monday. -
The jury returned a verdict that deceas
ed came to his death from blows given
with an ax in the hands of some person
unknown.
REDWOOD CITY, June 2L— The Cor
oner's Inauest to determine the cause of
the death of Joseph Mattle, who is sup
posed to have been murdered by Joseph
Bri&gan last Saturday, was held to-day
here. Only three witnesses were examin
ed. Mrs. Bush testified that she knew
Mattle about fifteen years ago, in the
old country. Sheriff Mansfield gave evl?
dence as to the finding of the body in a
deep hole several hundred feet from the
house in which Mattle evidently was mur
dered. The body was covered with two.
feet of earth. Dr. J. I* Ross testified that
death resulted from blows with an ax or
some similar Instrument.
With, an Ax by Some Person
Unknown.
Beturns Verdict That He Was Killed
JTTBY FAILS TO NAME
MUSDEBEB OF MATTLE
BRAINERD, Minn., June 2L— Harvey
Zimmer of Hammond, Ind., who was in
jured internally in the Northern Pacific
collision near Staples yesterday, died last
night. H. Montgomery, fireman, is dying
The other injured are doing well.
Victim of Train Wreck Dies.
TACOMA, June 21.— Kate Arquette, an
Indian woman 50 years old, was dragged
from the home of the notorious Indian,
General Spot, last night and choked to
death. Tom, Santiago Howard has been
arrested on information given by General
Spot, who was a witness to the brutal
crime, but who was unable to give assist
ance, as he is 80 years of age. The wo
man's husband lives in Seattle. Her son
Is an Indian athlete and football player.
Murder of an Indian Woman.
PETALUMA, June 21.— Charles Slocum,
the Cotati rancher who received a heavy
electric shock from the high potential
line of the California Central Gas and
Electric Company yesterday, died this
morning after fifteen hours of awful ago
ny. Time and again Slocum begged his
friends to kill him and end his suffer
ings. He was burned from head to foot
and his body is a mass of charred flesh.
Death Ends Slocum's Agony.
EOY WITH A MATC&.
CAUSES AN EXPLOSION
Five Men Injured in Portland by the
Blowing Up of a Tank of
. Alcohol.
PORTLAND, Or., June 21.— An explos
ion occurred in the factory of the Pacific
Coast Biscuit Company at the corner of
Eleventh and Davis streets, at 11 o'clock
to-day, in which four men were injured,
one fatally. They were: James Griffin,
fatally hurt; Alex Brill, Lee Rossiter and
office boy, seriously Injured. i
Griffin went to draw some alcohol from
a fifty-gallon tank on the third floor,
when the office boy struck a match. Sud
denly a terrific explosion occurred, throw
ing the burning alcohol over the entire
floor. Griffin, whose clothing caught fire?
was hurled a distance of twenty feet
against Rosslte'r.' The tatter's clothing
took fire and he .was frightfully burned.
A panic ensued among the forty ' girls
working on the floor, but the fire was
soon extinguished. The property loss will
not exceed 51000.
Will Camp at TJkiah.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— Company B, Fifth
Regiment, National Guard of California,
left this evening to go into camp with
the regiment at Todd's Grove, Ukiah.-
The company is about forty-five strong,
and is under command of Captain How
ard Derby. Colonel Whltton of this city
will command the_ regiment.
Lynch Must Stay in Jail.
LONDON, June 1 2L— Colonel ';'¦ Arthur
Lynch, member-elect of Parliament for
Galway, and formerly of the Boer army,
who is in custody on the charge of high
treason, was to-day again remanded until
June 24, witnesses in the case not having
arrived in London. . ; .
OFFICERS OF THE NEWLY
INSTITUTED LODGE OF
ELKS IN MARYSVILLE.
VANCOUVER, B. cVj June 21— A special
from Fernie says that the Coroner's jury
brought in a verdict finding that "the
initial cause of the recent explosion was
at a point in No. 2 mine aforesaid not
clearly denned and that said Initial cause
extended from the said undefined point
throughout the greater portion , of 'No. 2
and No. 3 mines, coal dust being the con
veying medium, and we find in conse-'
quence that the inadequate method of
watering and removing the dust left in
the mine in such a condition as to be dan
gerous and thereby provided a medium
whereby the initial cause was augmented
and intensified.
"That we, the said Jury, recommend the
Government to take such steps as 1 to en
force:
"L The Installation of the most ap
proved system of watering for laying dust
in coal mines.
. "2. That a more thorough inspection be
adopted at these mines throughout the
old workings and rooms contiguous to
the air chamber that are not being
worked. \ !
"3. That the safest explosives and most
approved safety lamps be hereafter
used."
Fernie Victims.
Verdict of the Coroner's Jnry at the
Close of the Inquest Over ~~~
DEMANDS PROTECTION
OF LIFE IN MINES
City, Sacramento, Chico and the
West Side herd from the vicinity of Wil
lows sent big contingents. At 8:30 o'clock
to-nignt the antlered brethren assembled
in Odd Fellows' Hall, where thirty-one
candidates were initiated.
After the institution of Marysville Lodge
No. 783, the baby organization convened
and elected the following officers: Ex
alted ruler, Dr. J. H. Barr; esteemed lead
ing knight, R. E. Whitney; esteemed loyal
knight, R. F. Watson; esteemed lecturing
knight, M. T. Brittan; esquire, J. H. Mar
cuse; inner guard, A. E. White; tyler,
MARYSVILLE, June 21.— Every in
coming train to-day brought
large numbers of Elks to Marys
vine. Grass Valley, Nevada
BALTIMORE. , June . 21.— Mrs. William
Barrett Ridgeley,. wife of the Comptroller
of .the/ Currency,; died, last: night at the
Johns:. Hopkins Hospital after an opera
tion for appendicitis. . She was a daugh
ter ,6f " United States Senator ., Shelby • M.
Cullom". of Illinois. ', Her . remains will be
taken to .Springfield, 111., for interment.
Wife of Comptroller Is Dead.
After the details of organization were
completed the Elks, both young and old,
repaired to their hall, where plates were
placed for more than 200. The banquet
room was a bower of beauty, having been
decorated under the personal 5 supervision
of J.H. Marcuse and Dr: J. H. Barr, who
are the .promoters of the lodge in this
city. " The menu provided was a "feast for
the gods" and for hours the Elks re
mained around the festal board eating,
toasting, singing and drinking, all to the
health of ; the new. lodge and the young
Eiks::. /' t: ,.-;-'' ".'•'.. ¦
. C.'L.^.Ruggles,. deputy grand exalted
ruler, was a, guest of , honor at the ban
quet.
Herman Berg; treasurer, Dr. J. L. Sulli
van; secretary," William Strief.
The. woman who has ori a pair of low
shoes and pretty silk stockings never gets
the bottom edge of her. skirt spoiled.
SANTA CRUZ, June 21.— An army of
workers is perfecting arrangements for
the State Christian Endeavor Convention
that will open here next Tuesday. It now
seems certain that there will be at least
1000 delegates present. The local com
mittees are as follows:
Ushers— Mrs. Emma Fitch (chairman), A. H.
Foster a E. Lewis, Maynard Linscott, George
Otto Robert Fitch, Don Byrne, Wendell Hinds,
William Day, Emmet Rlttenhouse, S. H.
Wyckoff Will Carmean, Dr. W. R. Linscott,
Alexander Beck, Harold McPherson, Peter Rob
ertson, Chester Owalt, David Parry, Walter
Carmean, Henry Stocking, Stanley Bias. C. E.
West, Ernest Sweet; Misses Kate Becker, Leila
Waterman, Laura Beecher, Grace Fitch, Mar
garet Brown, Rena .Fikes, Cora Otto, Edith
Blinn, Helen Byrne, Ruby Lewis, Gladys
Brown, Nettie Buckman.
¦ Reception — Mrs. Annie Walker (chairman),
F. L. Heath, Mrs. F. L. Heath. Miss Alice Gar
rett Miss Ruth Grant, Harvey Stocking, Ches
ter Owalt. Paul Herriott, Mrs. W. H. Crowe,
Mrs. Gilbert .Witney, Clyde Linscott, Maynard
Linscott, Ernest Otto, Wells Pratchner, Wen
dell Hinds. Miss Hazel Cope, Miss Leila Water
man, Miss Margaret Brown, Miss Gladys
Brown, Robert Lincoln, Miss Rnby Lewis, Miss
Lois Arano, Mrs. .'Annie C. Walker, Miss El
len Cox, Helen Marcus, Carilla Hoyt, Jessie
Hoyt, Frieda Walters, Hilda Hetherington, Lelia
Beebe, Ada Morehead, Sarah Savage, Joseph
McBean, Hilda Eaton 1 , Bedella Price, Annie An
derson, Irma Gillman, Eva Luark; Mesdames
F. M. Washburn, Jessie Chandler, H. Wrigrht;
Messrs. C. G. Redman, Steven Jarrett, Ray
Campbell, Duff Galletly,, Henry Walters, Chris
Eif terson. . '
N Entertainment — Leland Hinds (chairman).
Mrs.W. C. Byrne (vice chairman), Mesdames
H. D. Smith, -¦ W. A. Corey, M. Pooley. Bessie
Thomas, Ella Icanberry. C. J. Todd, M.' Han
nahan, Ed Cahoon," George Otto; Misses Mary
E. Morgan,' Kate Becker, Anna Linscott, Alice
Garrett, Ethel Streblow, Edith Wood. Lucy
Sweet ; . Messrs. Harold McPherson, Peter Rob
ertson. Paul Herriott, Ed | Twist.
' Halls— W..H. Ewell, Harry Stocking, E. W.
Fields. ¦..;;-. •: •.. ¦••:¦-• '¦ . <-*i -.-. - ¦: •; ¦•;
Music— J. 'E. ' Robertson (chairman), Mes
dames Walter .Anthony, J. R. Williamson;
Misses Kate Banter, Anna Linscott. Lucy
Sweet, Lizzie Whitehurst, Bessie Woods, Ethel
Streblow, William Twist, • Clarence Hoke, Clar
ence Archibald. . ' . •
Guide — Miss M. E. Morgan (chairman), Lelia
-Waterman, Maynard Linscott, W. C. Byrne,
George Otto, Cora Otto, , George Parker, Her
maft Peters, . Herbert Leek, Jessia ' Dlsbrow.
Phil Bliss.' v ¦ . ¦ ¦ ,-=: : •
Press— Ernest Otto, W. T. Day, Harold Mc-
Pherson. -,. :;... ..¦ - iH , . . . ¦
Pulpit supply — Rev. F. M. Washburn.. " '
Printing— E. W. FieldB. W,. T. Day, Mrs.
Emma- Fitch. ".¦;..¦ - " ', ';
Finance— H..,D.- Smith. " ! ...•''
Registration-^-Mlss . Clara Rodgers.
Delegates to the Endeavorers'
Conclave. • : . .
Santa Cruz Expects One Thousand
PERFECTING THE DETAILS
FOB. THE BIG CONVENTION
It was about this time that he became
financially embarrassed in such a man
ner that immediate help was needed, and
almost at the last moment his uncle, Bur
den, paid up about $6000 of debts for him.
Undaunted by the failure of his theatri
cal venture a few years before, he then
undertook to show th'eater managers that
they had no real conception of the busi
ness. He leased the Coliseum , Theater at
Oakland, but after a run of a few weeks
his company was stranded. Not long after,
when his leading man failed to appear at
a performance, he quickly shaved oft his
luxuriant whiskers and played the part
himself, but so far as is known this was
his only appearance on the stage.
Some time after this MacDowell was
placed in charge of a news bureau in Los
Angeles. There he evolved a scheme of
accepting land in payment for advertise
ments and, then planned to dispose of his
holdings at a profit. The land boom at
Los Angeles was at' its height, but his
scheme failed to work out as he had
planned. Another bubble was broken, and
he came East, where he' has been
Identified , with various theatrical and
business enterprises. . .
WESTERN" ENTEBPBISES.
Within a short time MacDowell bought
the Ingleside, a weekly paper, founded
nine years , before by Frank M. Pixley,
giving his note in payment. For a time
he appeared" to be on the crest of a wave
of prosperity. He fitted up his editorial
rooms elaborately and spent money free
ly to secure bright contributions. Albert
Delpit,* who at that time had an interna
tional reputation, ' contributed a weekly
Paris letter, and "Bill ¦. Nye" and Philip
H. Welch were regular contributors. But
one of MacDowell's eccentricities was to
limit the amount of advertising to four
columns, although the Ingleside was a
sixteen-page paper. This contributed to
disaster, which overtook , the venture a
year after he assumed control, the loss
being estimated at $30,000.
MacDowell did not take kindly to dry law
books, and almost at qnce undertook his
first theatrical venture. In collaboration
with Lieutenant Field of tha United
States army he produced a play entitled
"Fettered by Fate," which he had writ
ten. The play ran only a week and was
a dismal failure. . • • ; .
MacDowell entered the Harvard law
school in 1874, but had been there only a
short time 'when he became involrad in
financial difficulties. He received a hand
some allowance from his father, but suc
ceeded in running heavily in debt. His
father went to his assistance,' however,
making a trip to Boston to settle up his
son's accounts, paying, it is said, about
$10,000 for him. After that experience, the
young man was placed in the law office
of General W. H. L. Barnes, then asso
ciated with Hall McAllister, in San Fran
cisco. . . ;
SOME EARLY DEBTS.
MacDowell is the son of General Irwin
MacDowell, held responsible in some quar
ters for the defeat at Bull Run in the
Civil War. His father, during the last
years of his life, was in command of the
Department of the Pacific, with his head
quarters at San Francisco, and it was in
that city that Henry MacDowell began his
career. HiB mother was the daughter of
Henry Burden, an inventor of Troy, N.
Y., and it was through the intercessions
of his mother and from financial aid he
received from her family that he was
helpe'd out of several of his more serious
difficulties, the mother always, taking the
son's part and standing between him and
his father whenever possible. '.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The police of
both this city and Philadelphia are anx
icus to find Henry B. MacDowell. He is
wanted, according to the police, in con
nection with the alleged embezzlement of
securities valued at $50,000 from the United
States Trust Company of , Philadelphia,
A Boston dispatch says the police are
looking for him in that city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Son of a Former General in .the Army
Said ! to i Have Misappropriated
Fifty Thousand Dollars in.
• /Philadelphia. I
Former- -San- Franciscan Is
Wanted by Eastern (
¦ ; .- : - ¦¦¦¦;! Officers.
, • ¦¦.'¦,•'. .... v . t — r — : _¦ , ...
Police Accuse ; Henry
;-^ A' '^liezz foment; ¦¦¦
SECURITIES
AND A MAN
ARE MISSING
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, SUNDAYj' JUNE 22, 1902.
"Good Fellows" of the Town Sprout Horns and Proudly
Proclaim the Advent of No. 783.
HERD OF YOUNG ELKS BROWSE
IN PASTURES OF MARYSVFLLE
18
BMPi/ilPiJEO
nuEvHuiiLi
Men and women who suffer intensely
from pains in the back have kidney
disease and it should not be
neglected.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE
Cures All Forms of Kidney. Liver,
Bladder and Blood Disease.
TEST YOUR KIDNEYS— Put some
morning- urine In a glass or bottle; let it
stand for twenty-four hours. If then it is '
milky or clcudy or contains a reddish
brickdust sediment, or if _^»
particles or germs float tiZV -\ ,
about in it. your kidneys &iSkJt'3 v" -j
ere diseased. This is the
supreme moment when IPSSSJSia/
you should Login to take v\SSR&4
Warner's Safe Cure to L2>y8?**
nrrest all these unnat- ffjT %ii^;J
ural conditions, for they V^s^ff^r
ere the unmistakable *&SL 'fr
symptoms of kidney dis- m^ v3 '
case. If after you have 9 h »
made this test you have • \ J wa
any doubt in your mind ' a
as to the development of J J n
the disease in your sys- <&fo =*
torn, send us a sample of ©^J^lfi&r-^r
your urine and our doc- -ata^w
tors will analyze it and send you a report
¦with advice free.
COMPLETELY CURED.
Mrs. A. !L Leland of Muscongrus, Me.,
suffered so much from kidney disease
that the doctors gave her up to die. She
took Warner's Safe Cure "and is now.
thoroughly well and does her own house-
vv-ork. What Warner's Safe Cure did for
Mrs. Leland it will do for all who are
suffering from kidney disease.
WARNER'S SAFE CURE is purely
vegetable and contains no narcotic or
harmful drugs; it is free from sediment
and pleasant to take; it does not consti-
pate; it is now put up in two regular
sizes and is sold by all druggists, or di-
rect, at 50 CENTS AND $1.00 A BOTTLE.
Warner's Safe Pills taken with Warner's
Safe Cure move the bowels gently and
aid a speedy cure.
Refuse substitutes. There is none "just
as good" as Warner's. Insist on the gen-
viine Warner's Safe Cure, which always
cures. Substitutes contain harmful drugs.
TRIAL BOTTLE FREE.
To convince every sufferer from dis-
eases of the kidney, liver, bladder and
blood that Warner's Safe Cure will cure
them, a trial bottle will be sent absolute-
ly free to any one who will write Warner
Safe Cure Co., Rochester, N. Y., and
mention having seen this liberal offer in
The Call. The genuineness of this offer
Is fully guaranteed by the publisher. Our
doctor will send medical booklet, contain-
ing symptoms and treatment of each dis-
ease and many convincing testimonials,
free to any one. *
OOOO©OQ0O©OQ33OOOQOCCOOGOSGOOOOOOOOeOOOOCOCOD
{thousands op pIeople 5
q Wear PFISTER S, BATHING. SUITS and are p^^^^c^^^^^^^^S"'2
• satisfied. Why? Because they fit and ?|fi5^ ; '^IllM" ©
g wear like iron. The styles, too, are a!- tflfc'* : f 5
© ways up to date. If you owned a suit •
0 having all these virtues wouldn't you '^^3^. ' °
J be .satisfied? It's worth a trial, espe- #
• dally when our guarantee is behind s •
g Women'? Bathing Svits from .... $U0 to $25.00 ?^^^3| H^^ S
1 Girls' Bathing Suits from 125 to 5.00 :" I '^^SP^^I •
© Men's Bathing Suits from . . .75 to 8.00 %Z ' ®
% Boys' Bathing Suits from .50 to 3^0 &£[ \^^^^M O
g A complete line of Bathing Caps, Shoes, &* ' ' ,~ ¦ '} t r - " - . O
o Bandanas, Bath Robes, Towels, etc. SB."! > 17^381 S
® W (^ li/ji /fo J v For Outdo <>" Sporti we have the O
£ W l^IHsiSi;© /JS^ i hest SWEAT ERS, JE^EYS, LEGGINGS,©
a A t\ J f fl Aa^A\ °! ps and Shoes > a s well asTENNlig
O ll J bj Hi i/ll/aiK/^J BASEB ALL SUPPLIES. g
j v.v.v ||KfWV' Ping Pong --,--- $2.00 to. $10.00 •
• KMITBTIMPPn Whenever you need UNDER. 3
• r\NI l4#IJiMb LU. WEAR, remember we have it- 5
© 60 Geary St., San Francisco, made of Linen, Lisle, Silk or Wool— O
g Open Saturdays until 10 P. M. Knit to hit" O
Ladies' "Florodora" Waists and Oaling Illustrated Catalogus of Bathing Suits%
• ; Hats. BHKEfoKi hd frnir*HnfHll O
900©0C®00O000©0000000t5O00003000O000000000000O
General Debility
Day in and out there is that feeling of
weakness that makes' a". burden' of itself.
Food does not strengthen.
. Sleep does not refresh.
it is hard to do, hard to ' bear, what
should be easy— vitality is on the ebb and
the whole system suffers.
For this condition take
Hood's Sarsaparllla
It vitalizes the blood, gives vigor and
tone to all the organs and functions and
is positively unequaled for all run-down
'or debilitated "conditions.:
Hood's Pills cure constipation. 25 cents.
V ¦¦"¦ VR. PIEBCE'S REMEDIES.
111 a"; yotmjc'girl's life. is reached -when
Nature leads her uncertain steps across
the line which j divides rgirlhbod from
womanhood. Ignorance and neglect at
this critical period are largely responsible
for much of the 111—-,—— -^ewxrwnxat
after misery of- f£$$#^ "^^^
womanhood. Not KKy' >»»q«^ >I$(i
only does Nature && J0&£&
often, need; help By fr^^W AS?
in, the regular 'a '¦¦'¦}&* %g v?
establishment >' of B r/N^/^_ V
the .womanly. 0 i^*V\
function, but liSj®; £/ '
there is almost I/Sil/ &^^^>c\3
always ; need cf plfjt t > 1 1
s o m e s a f e , I Wl • mM0t <T'^'^- fl
strengthening I W^Xl V I, H
tonic, to over- B |^f^^\\H sfl
come the languor, B 1 1 v^T's?' J
nervousness ,•• and \ It 9 • ft
weakness, ; com- jja<~." \k| V' S3L. * a
monly experi-i & lii 'jS* EB
e n c e d a t this ra, 1'^^' /j&5
Favorite: Pre- ** 3<i * 5eoeto *-> WfvVRriSP
scription establishes regularity. It is a.
strengthening .tonic, s<gothing the nerves,
encouraging, the ¦ appetite and inducing
restful sleep. • 'It contains no alcohol
neither opium, cocaine or other narcotic.
: "I wish to tell you* the benefit ire
received from using yotar remedies," writes Mrs.
Dan Hall, of Brodhead, Green Co., Wis. "Two
years aco my daughter's health began to fail.
Everything that could, be thought of was done
to help her but it was of no use. When she
began to complain she was quite stout ; weighed
170, the picture of good health, until about the
ag-e of fourteen, then in six months she was so
run down her weight ms but 120. "She kept
failing and I gave up, thinking there was no
use, she must die.: Friends all said, .'You will
lose your daughter.' I said I fear I shall. I
must say, doctor, that only for your • Favorite
Prescription ' my daughter would have been In
her grave to-day, j when she had taken one-
halfbottle the natural function was established
and we bought another one, making only two
: bottles in all, and | she completely recovered.
Since then she is as well as can be.», - r~. ' /; . .
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense' of mailing only. §j Address Dr.
R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y. v >
APVEBTI5EMEITTS.
Use Pe-ru-na as a Protection Against
Summer Colds and their Disagree-
able Consequences. *
Mrs. Chas. Steinecke, a popular young society matron of Stoughton, WIs.,
' writes: .... ,
"My experience with Peryna has been most pleasing. By care-
lessly leaving a heated ballroom / got thoroughly chilled and caught
a heavy cold which settled on my lungs. / wore a protector, took
many remedies for colds without success. With my other troubles I
had catarrh of the head. Peruna was recommended to me, and /
bought a bottle, and soon began to improve, and kept on taking it
and it cured me of all my troubles. I am most pleased to testily to
its merits." — Mrs. Chas. Steinecke.
• Miss Harriet P. Kimbro, Prairie View, exact words of the writer sent to any
Tex., Preceptress for- the Prairie View, address free of charge by The Peruna
• «»««.....»»? State ¦wormal and Medicine Co., Columbus, Ohio.
i^scgSSm Industrial College Mrs. F. B. Henderson, 632 Grand ave.,
" of Texas / writes: Milwaukee. Wis., Treasurer of the Schit-
Jgk&mgSgSg^. "I am pleased to ler Club, writes: "I never had any faith
t state that Peruna in patent medicines until I^tried Perur.a,
' Bslii'w- 'wRSt" has P rov , en ot but my experience with this reliable med-
1 E8Ih *»l fiTftsli* great value to tcine has taught me that there Is one
" >SBg$ A iiiy/-" me - I i x.°/ ten wh ich can be trusted and which will not
' cr^a ft? B&kM ' f o und . tnat m y fail in time of need.
1 i^3j^\i *£> «k»\\ I duties proved too "For the past few yeara I have found
1 'ZwMm2<<.^4mtk\ s *\ "much for my that I caught •
" 'f*%Jm^/ i! m%S\'' strength and if it cold easily. nrn .,,,,
'l/F^^V^ were not for Pe- which would PE-nU-NA
" MB K?\ runa I. could not settle in a most rnnTinro tttt-
§£f -»^-^f t contlnue to do unpleasant ca- FORTIFIES THE
' ' xfe*«R2kils5t2# 1 ¦ my work. It is a tarrh of the OUOTr ,,
¦ ---» splendid tonic, In- head. I had to. OloltM
" Miss Florence Allan, vigorator and the be especially 1 a i iiict ait/mi
¦ 75 Walton Place, . best remedy I careful about AuAlNol UAll»n»
, Chicago, 111., recom- 1 know of for being out even- lur OAT n
o mends Peruna. ; women to take, ings and not to liiU tULU,
• ••••••• • • • • « It acts quickly in get chilled when '
ridding the system of a cold and ca- dressed thin for parties, but since I have
tarrhal affections."— Miss H. F. Kimbro. used Peruna my general health 13 lm-
Colds are considered one of the neces- proved, and my system Is in such good
sary ills of life. One is liable to catch condition that even though I am exposed
cold both summer and winter. Very often to inclement weather It no longer affects
summer colds prove fatal. They are al- me.
ways dangerous. _,,¦,;, "I have a splendid appetite and enjoy
A cold is the beginning of catarrh. It life, being In perfect health."— Mrs B F.
may cause catarrh of any of the internal Henderson.
organs— the head, throat, lungs and stom- If you do not derive prompt and satis-
ach, or pelvic organs. A remedy that factory results from the use of Peruna.
will cure a cold then would cure all these write at once to Dr. Hartman, rivlns a
direct effects of colds. Peruna is such a full statement of your case, and he will
remedy. "We have letters from all over be pleased to- give you hl3 valuable ad-
the United States attesting to this fact, vice gratis.
The poor and. rich alike use and recom- Address Dr. Hartman, President of Tha
mend it. A book of testimonials in the Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus Ohio
B.KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.
I (0 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
I High Grade Oxfords 1
Reduced to 90c. |
We have several lines of LA- 1
DIES 1 HIGH GRADE TAN OX- I
FORDS that we are closing out.
Borne have vesting tops, others i
with kid tops, medium leather and l
French heels; coin toes and tips ¦
and hand-turned soles. These Ox- J
fords formerly sold from $2.00 to '
I $3.50. Now offered for J)Oc.
j DON'T OVERLOOK THIS BAR-
GAIN.
! We have the following sizes:
¦ ; AA wide 3',A to 6U D wide 2% to 3%
. . and 7% to 8 '
I A wide 3 to 6>4 E wide 3 to 314 :
, and 5 to 8
n wide 2*4 to 5V, ' EE wide 3% to 8
I C wide 214 to 3^ . " 3
¦ 1 We do not guarantee to fill coun- • H
{ wl , yj. try orders on sale Q
Bargains in Tan Spring '¦-'
1 Heel Button Shoes, i i
1 LADIES' KID TOP and MISSES*
II VESTING TOP TAN KID BUT- ;
rj TON SHOES, cpin toes and tips g
H spring heels; widths B, C, D and E* I
8 misses' sizes,; 11 to 2 at 8Oc" La^ I
dies' sizes, 2% to 6 at 90c. Former- |
ly sold for $L75 and 52.00. Just the I
thing for summer wear. V
Men's Tan Shoes,
And Good Ones.
Odd lines in men's fine quality.
TAN LACE and CONGRESS
SHOES: latest style toes and tips."
Formerly sold from $2.50 to $5.00. I
Reduced to #1.35. Sizes 6 to U; I
widths A to E. . *;
Bend for our new Illustrated cat- I*
alogue, just out U
B. KATSGHINSKf, I
i PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO J
»O THIRD STREET. B
San Francisco. fjSEATTLE, June . 21.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Yerke died in this city to-day at the 'age
of 102 years, after a life extending from
the eighteenth into the twentieth century.
Dies at the Age of 102.
SACRAMENTO, June 21.— C. J. Quinlan,
a J street furniture dealer, was stabbed In
the neck to-nlgtit by : W. T. Crowell, a
former politician. It Is not believed the
wound will prove serious. Crowell has
not yet been arrested. Quinlan was walk
ing at Fifth and K streets with Crowell's
divorced wife, when Crowell came up,
said a few words and commenced slash
ing with his knife. Quinlan declines to
talk.' Crowell escaped. The woman ran
down a side street.
Jealousy Leads to Stabbing.
BAKER CITY, Or., Juns 21.— A message
from Canyon City to-day says that James
Daly shot and killed Jerry Roberton at
the Buena Vista stock ranch in Harney
County. Both were herders. They quar
reled and drew their revolvers. Daly fired
first, killing Roberton Instantly. Daly
rode to Burns and gave himself up. Rob
erton left a wife and two children in
California. Daly Is well known in Grant
County, where he drove a stage on the
Canyon-Burns route until May 1. Daly
is about 25 years of age and has always
borne a good reputation.'
Herders Fight to the Death.
Mrs. Mann has jjow been advised of the
truth of the mysterious dreams which
prompted. her to know that. her husband
was separated from her forever on earth.
. Pathetically, the letter went on to tell
how, In a series of awful dreams, she had
seen the cold earth dose over her hus
band's body; that, after it had been bur
ied for a day, the body turned over in the
coffin and ' Its face expressed Intense
agony. The repeated conviction that her
loved helpmate was lost to her forever
was pitiful to read for the officers, who
learned for the first time that the dead
man had living relatives.
"Why don't you write to me? Write
and tell me that it Is not true and that it
is nothing but a cruel dream after all.
Last Sunday night, shortly after mid
night, I had the most horrible dream. I
saw you lying cold in death before me.
Again the next night I had the same
dream and I cried out for fear. Agafn last
night the horrible vision came to me with
all. its hideous details, and I was stricken
with a feeling of terror. Then \I knew
that something had happened and that
you were lost to me." %
On February 24, as it now appears, Mrs.
Mann, in Hot Springs, Arkansas, wrote a
letter to her husband, addressing it to
Butte and telling of the fears for his safe
ty that possessed her. She said:
In the last week of February W. S.
Mann was taken to a Butte hospital as an
utter stranger. On February 28 he died
and was buried, the police believing that
he had no relatives living.
HELENA, Mont., June 21.— Believers in
telepathic influences, conveying strange
and often accurate impressions of things
about to happen, between persons closely
connected In sympathy will find much to
strengthen their belief in these mysterious
transfers in the experience of Mrs. W.
S. Mann of Hot Springs, Arkansas, as
just brought, to light in Butte, Mont.
Special Dispatch^ to The Call.
Occurrences Correspond to
Things Pictured in a
Slumber.
Wife Strangely Learns
of Her Husband's
Demise.
DREAM INFORMS
HER OF A DEATH
Bowling and swimming are two of tho best
forma of athletics to develop strength. No
resort In California offers better chances for
doing both, than does Hotel Vendome at San
Jose. It's the most popular society resort. •
To Get Strong.
The races declared off are the free-for
all-trot, 2:18 trot, 2:18 pace, 2:14 trot and
free-for-all pace. It was decided to give
a $500 purse for 2:16 class pacers and trot
ters, entries to close July 2d.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— Officers of the Ag
ricultural Association or District No. S
have declared races for the fair to be
held July 3d, 4th and 5th, filled aa fol
lows: 2:40 trot, eight entries; 2:25 trot, six
entries; 2:25 pace, seven entries; 2:12 pace,
four entries. . -..,,,
Harness Hating- at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— A caJl has been
issued by President V. A. Scheller for a
special meeting of the Central Coast
Counties Improvement Association at Sa
linas on June 28. The regular meeting
Ing is to be held In August at San Mateo,
but through a desire to begin advertis
ing the resources of this section it was
decided by the board of control not to
wait so long. At the meeting plans for
making a creditable display at the con
clave of the Knights of Pythias In San
Francisco will be arranged.
Beady to Begin Advertising.
Governor Rafael Izabal of the State of
Sonora, accompanied by Francisco Munez,
Secretary of State, and Francisco Carme
lo, ex-Chief of Police of Hermosillo, left
to-day for Cananea and other towns on
the Arizona border to investigate the
status of the rebellion in those districts.
The rurales have succeeded In driving
most of the Yaquis from Northern Sono
ra, and a great many peaceable families
have crossed the line into the United
States for. safety, as General Torres' ex
termination order was taken to Include all
domestic Yaquis who are not under the
surveillance of the soldiers. The forces in
pursuit of the Yaquis in the Mazatan
Mountains have returned to the vicinity
of Minas Prietas without an encounter
with the enemy, who succeeded In eluding
them.
At Hermosillo the prisoners were placed
aboard the special train in the presence
of General Torres' and a great crowd.
The 210 women and children captured at
the fight. In the Uvalama Canyon were
taken from Hennoslllo to Guayma9 yes
terday on a special train and to-day were
placed aboard the Government, transport
Oaxaca, bound for Acapulco. Thence they
will be taken to different parts of the re
public, the majority going to Yucatan.
The Indians preparing for an attack In
that quarter are 'supposed to be part of
the ba,nd that escaped to the Mazatan
Mountains.
TUCSON. Ariz., June ZL— A late dis
patch from Ortiz states that a large force
of Yaquis has assembled in the vicinity
of San Marcial and ia preparing to attack
the mines at that place, which are owned
by General Egan and other American
capitalists. General Torres, when ad
vised that the Yaquis were preparing for
an attack in that quarter, was In Hermo
sillo. He immediately offered the Elev
enth Battalion, which was quartered
there, to proceed with all haste to San
Marcial. It was taken* by special train to
Ortiz, and when last heard from was on
the march between, that town and the spot
where the Yaquis were reported to have
been assembling. Reports of a conflict are
hourly expected.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
General Torres Hurries the
Eleventh Battalion to
the Scene.
Mines Owned by Ameri
cans at San Marcial
in Danger.
YAQUIS GATHER
FOR AN ATTACK
Nicaragua's latest purchase for her
navy is the obsolete German war vessel
Arminlus, which, being twenty years old.
was about to be broken up at Hamburg.
FAIRBUP.Y, Neb., June 21.— Ten tramps
on their way to the Kansas wheat fields
were caught in the wreck of a Rock Isl
and freight train at Thompson, near
here, last night. One taken out of the
wreck unconscious died later. Two others
are burled In the debris. Conductor Al
cott and two brakemen were slightly
hurt.
Tramps Meet With. Disaster.
"I pulled Jessie back and said, "What
have you done?' Jessie replied. 'She tried
to kill me.* Mrs. Castle motioned for pa
per. It was given her and she wrote,
'Jess Morrison killed me.* '*
ELDORADO, Kans., June 2L— In the
Jessie Morrison trial to-day Mrs. Mob
berty,* the . first woman in the Castle
house after the murder, testified that
Mrs. Castle was lying on the floor, satu
rated in her own blood and with, her
throat cut. . Jessie Morrison was beiidlng
over her.
Witness Tells of a Murder.
Washington— Increase — Andrew J. Tay
lor, Fair Haven. $10; Thomas J. McClana
ban, Seattle, $10.
Oregon— Original— William H. Dedman,
Clackamas. $6: Gideon Wright, Albany,
$12: Julius P. Starks, Antwerp, $8.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original—William D. Faulkner, Los
Angeles, $8; William Gallagher, Soldiers*
Home, Los Angeles, $6. Increase — Gcorpra
L. Meyers, San Francisco, $12; Elliott R.
Taylor, Hamburgh, $10; Amos Bowers,
Sawtelle, $10; Furman Cambloss. Soldiers*
Home. Los Angeles. $8; Samuel Dickinson.
Bakersfleld, $10; Edward M. Lewis. Lons
Beach, $8. Widows— Amelia L. Llverins
house, San Jose, $8; Mary A. Geery, Sac
ramento. $S; Mary L. Sutphen, Santa
Cruz, $12.
WASHINGTON. June 21.— The Postoffica
Department to-day announced: Postofflco
established: Washington — Melmont.
Pierce County. Pcstofflce discontinued:
Oregon— Anldem, Linn County, mall to
Gates. Rural free delivery will be estab
lished July 1: California— Oleander, Fres
no County.
and More New Pensions
Granted.
Changes Hade ik the Postal Service
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
The shortest, and now the most elegantly
equipped, line Is the Lacka wanna Railroad,
which traverses the most beautiful scenery the
Allegheny Mountains afford. Through train,
are operated via this line from Chicago, Kan
sas City and St. Loula to New York. It will
be to the Interest of passengers to Inquire of
local railroad agents or write Geo. A. Cullen,
General Western Passenger Agent, 103 Adams
street, Chicago. . . •
From Buffalo to New York.
RENO, Nev., June 21.— Henry Whist
ler, a rancher of the Truckee Meadows,
died this morning from blood poisoning,
the result of having "been bitten on the
thumb several weeks ago by Henry
Stephens, a neighbor, with whom he had
a fight.
Fighter's Bite Proves Fatal.
SAN DIEGO, June 21.— David Morey,
whose home was in Redlands, committed
suicide in a lodging-house in this city at
an early hour this morning by sending a
bullet into the side of his head. He had
been a sufferer from eczema and left let
ters stating that this was the cause of
his act. He was 78 years old.
Aged Man Commits Suicide.
SPOKANE, June 21.— Aloysius Blefgen,
the 16-year-old son of a farmer living on
White Bluff prairie, was found this morn
ing lying by the roadside . about three
miles west of Cheney, with a bullet wound
in his head. He was still breathing, but
his chance for recovery is slight. A re
volver with two chambers empty and «a
suit of clothing were found beside "liim.
It is impossible as. yet to determine
whether attempted murder or suicide was
responsible for his condition.
Found Dying on the Roadside.
SPOKANE, June 21.— Otto Villler has
arrived from Thunder Mountain, the fa
mous gold district In Central Idaho. . He
estimates that 2000 to 3000 persons are now
scattered through that region. Villier re
ports a stampede to the Profile district,
not far from Thunder Mountain, wh re
sirikes of high grade ore are reported to
have been made. The strikes are said to
be smaller than on Thunder Mountain, but
to contain rich pay streaks. He says
Colorado men are especially conspicuous
In the stampede.
Stampede to Profile District.
TACOMA, June 21.— Judge Thad Hus
ton to-day decided that Miss Lillian Har
gear was entitled to the $50,000 In Virginia
State bonds given her by her uncle, the
late Slgnor Foil, f the noted operatic
singer, who died in England about two
years ago. Her aunt, Mrs. Bessie Walker,
a sister of Foil, was appointed adminis
tratrix and sued to recover the^bonds for
the estate, contending that they were
simply given to Miss Hargear In trus,t.
The court sustained Miss Hargear's con
tention that they were an absolute gift.
sion of Bonds Presented by tlie
Late Operatic Star.
Court Gives Her Permanent Posses-
MISS LILLIAN HARGEAR
RETAINS FOLI'S WEALTH
VANCOUVER, B. C., June 21.— Forest
fires are raging along the British Colum
bia coast Their existence was evidenced
to-day by the smoke-laden air about this
city. Out on the Gulf of Georgia Is a
mass of smoke, and In the harbor it is
impossible to see the opposite shore.
Read Island, 130 miles north* of this city,
is being devastated by fire, according to
a report brought to the city to-day by
passengers who arrived from the north
on board the steamer Casslar. A party
of men from Read Island reached Ven
anda yesterday with the information that
while a great deal of the timber on the
island had been destroyed some of the
forests were saved by the logging crews
having slashed avenues through the
brush, and as the air was calm the llames
were controlled to a certain extent," but
not before they had done a great deal of
damage.
Vessels crossing the gulf bring word
that great quantities of smoke are com
ing from the neighborhood of Chemainus,
and it is therefore probable that fires of
large extent are raging over there.
EVERETT. Wash., June 21.— It is esti
mated that forest fires destroyed $20,000
worth of property in Snohomish County
yesterday, . B
BRITISH COLUMBIA FIRES.
town. So menacing was the situation dur
ing most of the day that the relief train
kept steam up and was held in readiness
until after 3 o'clock to go to Lester at a
moment's notice with the Tacoma flre en
gine. At one time the danger was thought
to hav« passed and the train returned to
Tacoma.
FIRE TAKES NEW COURSE.
"At a late hour this evening the forests
above here are burning fiercely, the
flames being driven into a belt of timber
not hitherto touched. The course of the
fire belt Is almost directly east, this di
rection gradually diverting it from the
!!&<* of railroad. The valley for miles is
brilliantly illuminated by the blazing
trees, but the most combustible material
nearby has been consumed and the fire Is
slowly receding on both sides of the river.
Its northern boundary Is now about two
miles back from the stream.
"If the wind remains in Its present
quarter twenty-four hours longer the fire
will pass the summit of the Cascades. It
Is only thirteen miles from here to Stam
pede tunnel, with inviting bodies of heavy
timber all the way and with an upward
slope that favors the progress of the
flames. It is not thought the fire will
reach the tunnel, however, as its present
course will carry it to the divide a few
miles north of that point.
"Down at Kanaskat, twenty-two rnilcs
below here, a tract of seven square miles
is in names. At Covington, eight miles
east of Auburn, there is a fierce fire, cov
ering two square miles and rapidly
spreading."
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 21.—
The following resolutions on the death of
Herbert C. Nash, librarian of the Univer
sity, and secretary of the board of trus
tees, have recently been drawn up by a
committee of the faculty of the university
to express their appreciation of the value
cf his services to the university, and of
his character as a man:
Whereas Death has removed from us our re
spected colleague. Herbert C. Nash, late libra
rian of the university, member of the Univer
sity Council, and secretary of the board of
trustees; be it
Resolved, By the faculty and council of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University, that In the
death of Herbert C. Nash the university has
lost the services of a faithful and efficient offi
cer whose influence lias been of great value
In the promotion of the highest interests of the
university; that our university community has
suffered the loss of a member whose high per
sonal character, sincerity, modesty and unfail
ing courtesy and helpfulness endeared him to
all with whom he was brought in contact.
Resolved, That these resolutions be spread
upon the minutes of the university council,
and that they be communicated to his bereaved
wife and relatives, with the expression of our
sincere sympathy In their sad bereavement.
O. M. Johnston. A. T. Murray, J. M. Stillman,
C. D. Marx, A. B. Show, committee. ¦
Committee Adopts . Resolutions of
Sorrow Over the University's
Loss.
FACULTY OP STANFORD
MOURNS NASH'S DEATH
It is now believed that the contamina
tion of the city's water has been largely
responsible for the recent diphtheria cases
here. As a result of the scare old wells
have been cleaned out and the people are
carrying water In buckets rather than
use the city supply. /
GRASS VALLEY, June 21.— District At
torney Power made a complaint against
Abel Sandow on criminal charges. The
report reached this city that a drove of
Sandow's hogs had been wallowing in the
ditch of the South Yuba Water Company,
which supplies this city with water. An
investigation by County Health Officer J.
T. Jones and Supervisor Miller revealed
a startling condition of affairs. They
found hogs crawling out of the ditch,
while a drove of about fifty was running
at large. The hog pen . had been so ar
ranged that one end opened into the ditch,
while the officers declare the waterway
had been enlarged with a shovel at that
point to give the hogs a convenient wal
lowing place.
Will Lead to Criminal
Prosecution.
Startling Discovery Made by Officials
GRASS VALLEY'S WATER
DITCH A HOG WALLOW
Mr. and. Mrs. Clapp will reside in Lords
burg, N. Mex., where Mr. Clapp is the
Southern Pacific agent. They departed
on the evening of their wedding day for
Monterey and points in Southern Califor
nia, where they will sojourn for several
weeks before going to Lordsburg.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— A wedding
that especially interested Stan
ford students, as well as society
circles in San Francisco and San
Jose, was that of Eugene Wat
kins Clapp and Miss Elizabeth Adelaide
Pratt, which occurred in Trinity Episco
pal Church here on Wednesday. The
bride is a daughter of ex-United States
Surveyor General Pratt of San Francisco.
She was a graduate of the class of 1900 at
Stanford, and many of the guests at the
wedding were former fellow students at
the Palo Alto university. Rev. Dr. Mock
ridge of Trinity Church officiated at the
ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
E. W. Clapp Weds Miss
Elizabeth Pratt in
San Jose.
An effort was made to unite Vermont
with the Quebec jurisdiction, but, instead,
Vermont and New Hampshire were join
ed.
The Supreme Lodge made numerous de
cisions upon points of lodge law. The
question was raised whether a Spaniard
was a white man within the meaning of
the regulations, and it was held that he
was. In Arizona and New Mexico, the
question was raised whether a Mexican
was a white man. The decision was that
the Mexicans of Spanish descent were
white, but the Mexicans of Indian blood
were not.
Board of arbitration — J. E. Riggs. Kansas:
J. G. Tate Colorado; II. C. Sessions, South Da
kota; J. C. Blckford, New Hampshire; W. A.
Walker. Wisconsin.
Beneficial commission — William M. Norrls,
Iowa; J. M. Dement. Minnesota; F. C. Ingall,
Massachusetts; J. C. Ham. Wyoming; Alfred
Orendorff. Illinois; John Stevens, Manitoba; T.
D. Neal, Indiana.
Finance — W. W. Wilson. Michigan; H. B.
Dickinson, New York; S. S. Faulkner, Arkan
sas.
Law — xr. s. Robson, Texas; "William M. Col
vllle, Oregon; W. M. Wallace, Kansas.
Appeals — E. M. Danforth, Maine; S. S. Blitz.
Kentucky; R. W. Latham. Nebraska,
Degree of honor, advisory — W. H. Barnes,
California; W. A. Williams, Missouri; H. E.
McNutt, South Dakota. .
Vital statistics — A. P. Riddle, Kansas.
PORTLAND, Or., June 21.— The Su
preme Lodge, Ancient Order of United
Workmen, before adjournment last night
selected the following committees: ' .
by the Supreme Lodge of
Workmen.
Mooted Question # Gravely Considered
DECIDES A SPANIAKD
TO BE A WHITE MAN
POPULAR YOUNG LADY WHO
HAS MARRIED A NEW MEX
ICO RAILROAD MAN.
"Lester is now the threatened point.
The forests on each Bide of the village
are In flames and an increase in the velo
city of the wind would likely doom the
Special dispatches report the following
lumber mills and camps burned: Moun
tain mi'.l, Enumclaw, King County; Han
sen Brothers' mills, Enumclaw. King
Count y: Morgan's lumber camp, - May
wood, Pierce County: railroad tracks and
outbuildings of Kanaskat; Gould &
Black's logging camp. Sultan, Snohomish
County; Lyman lumber camp, Hamilton,
Skagit County; Brehm logging camp, near
Snoqualmie, King County. j
At Fairhaven the Homan shingle mill |
caught tire and burned last night, and at j
Ferndale, near that point, Davis & Sons*
firy kiln, with 1,200,000 shingles, was
burned.
LOSS EXCEEDS A IHLUON.
SEATTLE, June 2L— Standing timber cf
commercial value aggregating 550,000,000
feet has been burned in flve districts
aiong the line of the Northern Pacific.
This timber comprised a splendid forest
of fir, clean of limb for a hundred feet
and all readily accessible because it grew.
within a few miles of the sailroad. Two
Cays ago these giants of the "Washington
woods reared themselves In an almost un
broken mass, covering sixty-three square
miles of territory; to-night all that re
mains of them are the smoldering, black
ened trunks, so huge that they still defy
the rapacity of the flames. The value of
the timber destroyed is placed at $1,100,000.
A. dispatch to-night to the Ledger from
Hot Springs says:
Word was received late this afternoon
that the wind had changed and the Hot
Springs Hotel was again in danger.
By working all night the men were
able to keep the fire at Buckley under
control, but several times it was thought
the entire town must go. The loss there
was small. At Kanaskat the large mill
owned by the Kanaskat Shingle Company
was standing at 6 o'clock last night, but
the outbuildings had been, burned. The
less will reach about $3000.
TOWN OF BUCKLEY SAVED.
This terrible forest fire had its origin
e.t the mill of the Mountain Mill Comr
pany, above Enumclaw. The watchman
says the flames burst out from different
portions of the mill so suddenly that
there was little time to give an alarm.
There is a suspicion that the watchman
was asleep when the fire started. The
mill was burned to the ground, together
with 1,000,000 feet of lumber and three
freight cars. The loss was estimated at
J8000.
From the mill the fire soon spread to the
surrounding forest and started in the di
rection of Enumclaw at a rapid pace. The
mill of the White River Lumber Company
was the first structure to go. The flume
vhich carries lumber to the planing mill,
besides supplying water ror the residents
of Enumclaw, was burned, leaving the
inhabitants in a precarious situation. By
concentrated work Enumclaw was saved,
but with the loss of several buildings on
the outskirts of the town.
Several freight and passenger trains on
the Northern Pacific ran through the for
est to-day at great risk. This afternoon
an east bound passenger train ran the
gauntlet of seven miles of flames and
burning cinders. The window panes in
the cars were cracked and -the paint peel
ed off the coaches.
TACOMA, June 2L— The Green and
White river valleys are to-night seething
eeas of flames. Dry flr and cedar timber
is being consumed by the square mile.
Within twenty-four hours thirty-five
square miles of ground has been burned
over. Only by strenuous efforts have Hot
Springs, Maywood, Canton, Eagle Gorge,
Buckley and Enumclaw been saved from
total destruction. Fire engines from. Ta
coma are still working in Buckley, Hot
Springs and Lester. Reports to-night in
dicate that Lester is doomed.
Sseclal DiED&tch to The Oil. "
iCortliern Pacific Trains Have Thrill
ing Experiences in Running
the Gauntlet of
Flames.
Many Lumber Camps Are De
stroyed and Towns Are
. in Danger.
Eagan has won a reputation as a fighter
since he has been mining in Sonora, and
Goldbaum, although a small man, is fear
less. Those who know both men are sur
prised that the affair did not result more
seriously.
TUCSON, Ariz., June 21.— General
Charles Eagran of army beef fame and
Abe Goldbaum, who has charge of W. C.
Green's cattle Interests in the State of
Sonora, quarreled in a restaurant in Her
mosillo while at lunch yesterday, and a
sensational "gun play" resulted. After
some hot words over business matters,
General Eagan drew a six-shooter -from
his hip pocket and would have shot Gold
baum if the latter had not been too" quick
for him. Goldbaum grasped Eagan's arm
before he could aim his revolver and the
bullet was discharged at the celling, do
ing no harm.
Eagan was thrown violently to the floor
by his antagonist and the revolver was
wrenched from his hand. The proprietor
knd others in the restaurant interfered
and the men v were separated. The affair
was hushed up as far as possible, but,
nevertheless, caused a. sensation among
intimate friends of both men in Hermo
sillo. No arrests were made.
Special Dispatch t» Ths CalL
The language and action of the boiler-makers
in the employ of the Santa Fe has been such
as. to lead us to believe that whenever anything
occurred in the relations between them and our
local officers which was not to their liking'
they sought to right it through the means of
a strike. This has been twice in evidence in
the past six months, at both Needles and San
Bernardino. It is a regrettable condition, but
one under which no corporation or individual
could successfully conduct business of any
character.
I can only say with regard to -the closing
statement that. I, have absolutely no sympathy
with the allegation that the demands of the
strikers are just." I regard them as extremely
unjust, and hold that the basis of pay now In
effect with the boiler-makers at "Needles is as
much as the company can afford to pay, and all
things considered,- -Is— quite aa good aa the
wages paid in contiguous territory for the same
class o£ service. ¦ ••. • .
The San Bernardino men, according to the
admission of their representatives on the com
mittee, struck without cause and are absolute
ly without a grievance except that they remain
out in sympathy with their fellows at Needles,
who have an alleged grievance. At a point like
Needles, overtime is a considerable factor In
the computation of ¦ wages. The business of the
company necessarily calls for a great deal of
overtime, and as is the custom of the Santa Fe
system, time and a half, which is fifty-six cents
an hour, Is paid there for overtime.
In reference to the claim of the committee
that the men at Needles simply asked to be
placed on the same basis as the men employed
at Tucson and El Paso, I only can say that
this is not in accordance with the facts. The
men at Needles asked for forty cents an hour
and time and a half for overtime, finally re
questing as a compromise, which the company
refused to accept, forty cents an hour and time
and a quarter for overtime, which is the maxi
mum rate at Tucson and El Paso, and not the
average. The Southern Pacific Company, at
the last named points, has a graduated scale
of wages, the maximum being forty cents an
hour and the minimum thirty-two cents.
General Manager A. G. Wells of the
Santa Fe system gave out the following
statement to-nieht:
The committee appointed to meet General
Manager A. G. Wells has exhausted every
means of reaching an amicable adjustment of
the difficulties between : the company and the
striking employes without success.
The men at Needles simply asked to be placed
on the same basis as 'those similarly engaged
at Tucson and El Paao. This the company re
fused to accede to, although given thirty-three
days to Consider the demands. •• The San Ber
nardino employes went out because the rule of
seniority was violated and one of the old em
ployes was ordered to go to a station in Arizo
na. The company agreed to rescind the order
of "transfer and pay the men 40 cents an hour
and time and a quarter for overtime. These,
men refused to return until the demands of the
Needles strikers should be granted.
The committee has waited . five days in Los
Angeles for a decision from the company. To
day we were given- the following official de
cision:
"If all the striking employes -will report for
duty at noon Monday next the company will
take back such of them as it sees fit on terms
heretofore stipulated."
We did not attemDt to discuss the matter
further, but referred the whole subject to John
McNeil, grand president, and we expect him to
take steps that may result in a walkout of
all the boiler-makers on the Santa Fe system.
The question has already been passed upon by
the executive committee of the brotherhood,
and only tho report of our committee Is needed
to bring the whole subject to an issue.
The committee desires to thank General Man
ager A. G.- Wells for his uniformly courteous
treatment, and we believe that had the matter
been left to his discretion he would have met
the strikers' Just demands.
Chairman W. J. Ritchie of the com
mittee," who is foreman of the San Ber
nardino shops, gave the following official
statement of the strikers' position:
LOS ANGELES, June 2L— The confer
ence between a committee of striking
boiler-makers of San Bernardino and the
Needles, California, and A., G. Wells,
general manager of the Pacific system of
the Santa Fe, ended to-day in a disagree
ment. The committeemen . left for their
homes to-night, having. referred the ques
tion of a strike of boiler-makers on the
entire system to John McNeil, grand
president of the International Brother
hood of Boiler-makers, at Kansas City,
Kansas.
Union Refers Question to the
Brotherhood's Grand
President.
Blazing Forests Along
Green and White
Rivers.
Former Commissary General
Shoots at an Enemy in
Hermosillo.
Embalmed Beef Slogan
Is Heard Along: the
Warpath.
Santa Fe Retuses to
Grant Boiler-Makers'
Demands.
TWO WOODED
VALLEYS NOW
SEAS OF FIRE
GENERAL EAGAN
OUT FOR BLOOD
GENERAL STRIKE
MAY BE CALLED
THE SAN ') FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
NEW MEXICO
RAILWAY MAN
WINS A BRIDE
The rubber tip added to lead pencils for
use as an eraser was one of the most
profitable simple devices ever* patented.
19
Passed Gravel Slone
as Large as a Pea.
ROYERSFORD, Pa., April 19th,
1902. Dr. Kilmer, & Co., Bing-
hamton, N. Y. -: •' '
Gentlemen: — I had been a sufferer
from kidney trouble for about 8 years
with pain in side, back and head. About
6 or. 8 months ago I concluded to try
a bottle of Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-Root.
To my surprise I experienced a decided
relief before I had taken half of the bot-
tle, and one morning passed a gravel
stone as large as a pea, which I still
have in my possession and will be
pleased to show to any one who doubts
the efficacy of this wonderful remedy.
One month ago, finding some of the
old .symptoms returning, I purchased a
50c bottle of Swamp-Root at Dr.
Morey's Drug Store, and before I had
taken one^fourth of it I found in the
vessel which I had voided during the
night a teaspoonful of small gravel
stones and sand, the passing of which
was" immediately followed by relief.
JESSE S. BUTTERFIELD.
I am well acquainted with Mr. But-
terfield and know that the above state-
ment 13 true in every particular.
DR. MOREY, Druggist.
For a sample bottle of Swamp-Root
by mail free, write Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Bingharnton, N. Y. Don't make any
mistake, but remember the name,
Swamp-Root, Dr. Kilmer's Swamp-
Root, and the address, Binghamton,
N. Y., on every bottle.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption ami
Ic-altliful regularity.
Kor the cure of all disorders of the Stomach.
Uver, Bowels. Kidneys, Bladder. Female lr-
;eeularities. Eick Headache, Biliousness, Con-
jt'.pitlon. Piles and all derangements of the
internal Viscera. S5c a box. At Druggists, or
& C6.iL RADWAY 6 CO.. New York.
Halpruner's Wonderful Medicine will
positively cure articular, muscular,
6ciatic, catarrhal and malarial rheuma-
tism, neuralgia, also kidney diseases,
malaria, fever and ague, colds and ca-
tarrh in all their forms. Ask your
druggist or grocer for it; price 50c and
$1 a bottle. A <lollar bottle is equal to
:hree 50-cent bottles. On receipt of price
sve will send by express or mail.
:harges prepaid, a cure guaranteed, or
return the medicine to Halpruner Medi-
:al MTg Co., 28 California street, and
pet your money back. Poor people
;reated free of charge daily from 1 to 4
?. m., Saturdays and Sundays excepted.
Rheumatism, Malaria and
Catarrh Thoroughly
Cured With Dr. Halpru-
ner's Wonderful
Medicine.
DE. XHJHEB'S SWAMP-BOOT.
DR. W. S. HALPRU^tR,
The Famous Medical Inventor,
Sj|5v^ The mere statement regarding the prices of -^^iJ^^SS^^
course is not convincing — any store can say they "liFlj^ll^ I
.^^^^^^^i' have men's suits for £9 and boys' for $2. When *? N W- *^jS|
V^^^g^^p^ it comes to an inspection of the clothes them- ''//^"^^^^^Pfl
\S|l ? *^1/| selves, then the price is vividly impressed upon I'lC^
Wk Jjl\ your memory. You find the suits are good pat- ihlh*^*" n \\
y^SL^fmix terns, that the clo'.h is all wool, that the garments /w^te^^a \\\
are stylishly made, that they represent exceed- Y //^^^^J^^^
Ok Jftlffllf 1|H^^S|i\\ less y° u call? The followin 2 statement over our
ill M lllS f IFrM^Wi'A signature certainly merits your paying us a visit /^P^^^^^^Mv^.
' l^^^^^IlSlI middleman's profits, which is your gain; the garments \§M^m
Mw-^I^^#^Wlll are made in light< cIean ' ai 7 worksh °P s > b >* lmion Ia ~ .1 W^^^^^^^^^
Mt^^^W^BiMM bor, and are so labeled; being- sold direct from maker l\ )ffiSHBHf™™||\
l\\\fflll If^fjff K$ m & P r * ce * or a reac^y" to " lvvear slut °* the same qu an 'ty; X \Wmi^^^§^^W^ j
u\|l«|ifMr / I They are stylish little garments for boys from 3 to j' WwMfiM. tH^E 1
liUli 'IW// / I2 >' ears °f a & e ' e P a ) terns are a^ desirable and there !lfe^/
ilflt^fs / / s a variety ; the value is $5.00; the special sale brings if^iPi nill!
'fill! i!\ / Imported Mexican straw hats for boys, ladies and \M§$ 1 l^fl p
]||t$l^*ii> Baseball and bat or explosion cane free with every J^Pl //1V\\ Illk \^'
Write for our new illus- C^pTkl \jkl^\£\¥\ *£* £^iPk Out-of-town orders filled
tpated catalogue, "At= TW WW \J \$ |JP (& I fj| iop men's or boys' cloth-
tire fop Man and Boy." * ~*r »/¦¦" ; .. w + ' ing, furnishings or hats.
J 718 Market Street :uSACRAMENTO, June 21.— Miss May
Young, one of Sacramento's handsomest
young women, has been chosen by the
Fourth of July committee to act as grand
marshal of ' the parade on the Fourth.
She is president of one of the p'arlors of
Native Daughters. Miss Young will have
a score of young women aids and all of
them will" be mounted upon fiery steeds.
Miss Young to Be Grand Marshal.
Captain Niebaum of the Alaska Com
mercial Company says that the Portland,
reported fast in the ice, has on board pro
visions and coal sufficient: to keep passen
gers and crew in comfort for more than
a year.
PANAMA, June 2L— News of the capture
of Agua Dulce by the Government forces
under Generals Berti and Castro is ex
pected momentarily.
General Vivero, who was a prisoner at
ChlriquI, escaped and arrived here yes
terday. He reports that Agua Dulce Is
defended by 1000 men, and that there !s
great demoralization among the Liberal
troops. - . ,j ¦' . .. ,,
ITews of the Capture of That Town
Is Expected at Pan
i ama.
TROOPS OF COLOMBIA
MAY TAKE AGUA DULCE
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, June
20.— All day to-day a Venezuelan warship
has bombarded without result Macatuom,
a suburb of La Guaira, where 700 revo
lutionists are intrenched. For a month
the Government has been imitating the
tactics of the Spaniards in Cuba and the
British in .South Africa by compelling
natives and foreigners living In the dis
trict to abandon their homes and concen
trate at La Guaira.
WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacao, June
21.— The United States gunboat Topeka
anchored at La Guaira to-day.
CARACAS, Venezuela, June 21.— The
United States cruiser Cincinnati arrived at
La Guaira to-day.
m ' .
Venezuelan Vessel Bombards a Sub
urb of La Guaira, but Without
Success.
REVOLUTIONISTS DODGE
SHELLS OF A WARSHIP
BERKELEY, June 21.— William B.
Hoag, a graduate of the University of
California in the class of '97, and who
lives at 1619 Walnut street, is a passen
ger on the steamer 1 Portland, which is re
ported to be caught in the ice floe at
Bering Straits. His family heard from
him last by letter addressed . from Un
alaska. »
College. Man on the Portland.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
, SAN JOSE, June 21.— For the next two
clays San Jose will be in the possession of
the Turners. This army of men of
brawn, in gray suits and with shining
wands, came to the city to-night to at
tend the nineteenth biennial turnfest of
the Pacific Coast Turn Bezirk, which will
continue for the next three days. Since
Thursday Turners have been drifting in,
but to-night hundreds came on a special
train. To-morrow their number will be
further augmented, and then the festivi
ties will be at full height.
All parts of California are. represented,
from San Diego "to Sacramento, and the
various delegations will pit their skill and
strength against one another. It prom
ises to be the most important gathering
of the Bezirk ever held in California.
More than 1000 delegates are expected to
be in attendance, and with them several
thousand visitors.
The special train bearing the Turners
from the bay cities and central part of
the State was met at the station by the
San Jcse Turners, with the Fifth Regi
ment band. There were some 500 Turners
and their families on the train.
A procession was formed, and with red
light and roman candles It marched
through the principal streets tc Turn
Verein Hall. Several hundred Turners
were in line. These included members of
the San Francisco Turn Verein, Verem
Eintracht of San Francisco, Vorwaerts of
San Francisco and Oakland and the Sac
ramento, Marysville, Santa Clara, Stock
ton and Santa Cruz Turn Vereins.
In Turn Verein Hall a reception and
banquet were provided by the San Jose
Turn Verein. President H. Vollheim of
the latter' body delivered an address of
welcome. The singing- section of the lo
cal Turners rendered a selection, and
Mayor Martin extended the freedom of
the city to the visitors. Several of the
visitors responded. A banquet followed.
The Los Angeles delegation, 150 strong,
with the San Diegoans, will reach here
eai»ly in the morning. ..
San Jose Turn Verein has made com
plete arrangements for the entertainment
of the visiting Turners during the fes
tivities. A committee on arrangements
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
- • ' Saturday, June 21.
U S stmr Sherman, Fraser, 24 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 17 days.
Stmr Del Ncrte, Green, 32 hours from
Crescent City; bound to San Pedro; put in to
land rassensers.
DOMESTIC PORTS,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TACOMA — Arrived , June 21 — Stmr: Ivanhoe,
from. Portland.
Sailed June 21 — Stmr Farallon, for Alaska;
Etmr Bonita, for Juneau.
PORTLAND — Sailed June 21 — Stmr Quito,
for Manila.. ¦.-.'. . • . .
' ASTORIA — Arrived June 21— Stmr Alliance,
from San Francisco.
ST JOHNS — Arrived June 21 — Stmr Peru
vian, from Liverpool; for Halifax.
ANTWERP— Arrived June 1!1— Stmr Fries
land, from .New York.
GLASGOW— Sailed June 21 — Stmr Furnes
sla, for New York. . .. ¦•
LIVERPOOL— Sailed June 21— Stmr Livon
ian, for St Johns (N S). Halifax (N S) and
Philadelphia. ... .
NEW YORK — Arrived June 21 — Stmr Uir
bria, from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr St
Paul, from Southampton and Cherbourg
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed June. 21— Stmr
Luxor, from San Francisco, via Valparaiso
Montevideo and Tenerlffe. for Hamburg.
Willey was the first painter to come to
San Jose. He painted the original State
Capitol building, which was built here,
and for a while had a monopoly of the
painting business. At one time he had a
fortune. Willey was a native pf Maine
and 77 years of age. A family of grown
children survive him. .
SAN JOSE, June 21.— The man who com
mitted suicide by jumping overboard from
the Alvlso steamer on San Francisco Bay
last night is believed < to have been
Charles D. Willey, a pioneer painter of
this city. A description of the suicide tal
lies with that of Willey, and Willey is
known to have gone to AIvloo and board
ed the steamer. He had been drinking
for some days and is said to have made
threats of % suicide. Willey left a note
for George Jamison, the proprietor of the
Auzerais saloon, saying that Jamison
could have some brushes and tools he left
there, as he would have no further use
for them.
Who Leaped to His Death in
the Bay.
Charles D. Willey Probably the Man
STEAMER ALVISO SUICIDE
A GARDEN CITY PAINTER
'•A resolution was passed thanking The
Call and the Chronicle for the active part
they* had taken in the advancement of
the work throughout the State. It was
decided to hold a convention in San Ra
fael on July 15 and at that time form a
northern counties' association, composed
of Marin, Sonoma, Mendocino, Humboldt,
Del Norte, Napa and other counties north
of the Marin County line. The object of
the. association will be the advancement
and proper advertisement of the northern
section of the State.
After the county board was permanent
ly organized M. F. Cochrane was elected
president by acclamation. H. C. Gieske
was made treasurer- and George S.
Shearer secretary. Three vice presidents
and a board of directors of fifteen mem
bers were elected.
SAN RAFAEL, June 21.— The Marin
County Board of Trade was formed in
this city to-day. Every small town in the
county was represented and an enthusi
astic conventi6n was the result. J. A.
Filcher of the State Board of Trade was
present, as was M. F. Cochrane, the lat
ter being instrumental in the formation of
the county board. Both made able argu
ments toward the advancement of State
and county work.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
New Organization Names
M. F. Cochrane as
Its President.
Invading Garden City
for the Biennial
Turnfest.
CHICAGO, June 21.— Specific denial was
made to-day by Arthur Meeker, manager
for Armour & Co.'s packing plant, and by
Michael Cudahy of the Cudahy Packing
Company, that the companies had joined
with others to form a trust under the
New Jersey laws.
"I give my word," said Cudahy, "that
if the packers contemplate such action,
I know nothing of it."
Cudahy of Chicago Declares He
Knows Nothing of Plan to
Amalgamate.
PACKERS MAKE DENIAL
OF STOEY OF TBUST
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., June 21.—
Flames originating from a defective flue
burst from the kitchen of the Buckroe
Beach Hotel at Buckroe Beach to-night.
There was no panic and only slight dam
age.
Fire Starts in a Hotel.
BERLIN. June 21.— The United . States
Embassy here made inquiries through the
Foreign Office recently as to whether Em
peror William and Prince Henry of Prus
sia would write something in an album
which is being got up by newspaper men
for presentation to the Staats Zeitung of
New York, commemorating the banquet
given to the press of the United States by
that paper in honor of Prince Henry.
They both replied that they would be
greatly pleased to do so.
Royalty Will Write a Line.
BOARD OF TRADE
TO BOOM MARIN
MERRY TURNERS
CROWD THE CARS
consisting of L. Henning (chairman), L.
Ziegler/H. W. Otter, H. Roehr. Charles
Pieper, C. Becker and M." Schmidt has
charge of the local end. Besides the reg
ular ' programme of the meeting, it has
arranged a number of entertainments.
To-morrow morning the Turners will
march to Schuetzen Park, where the ath
letic contests will commence. An excur
sion train will arrive from San' Francisco
at 8:30 o'clock, bringing several thousand
visitors to witness the contests. Dancing
and other forms of recreation will be pro
vided for those not engaged in the ath
letics.
In the evening the festivities will be
transferred to Turn Verein Hall. There
will be a prize singing contest between
seven societies in the Bezirk. These are
the Arion male chorus of San Francisco,
the Socialistic male chorus of San Fran
cisco and the singing sections of the Oak-
land, San Francisco. Stockton, Santa
Cruz and San Jose Turn Vereins There
will also be gymnastic exhibitions and a
dance.
Cherry Tree Worth Having.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— D. C. Vestal, a
pioneer orchardist of this county, has just
received $199 for the fruit from one cherry
tree on his place on the Berryessa Road,
northeast of this city. Tho tree is of the
black Tartarian variety and Is very large
and old. There were 1990 pounds of cher
ries on the tree, which were sold In the
Eastern market for 10 cents a pound. An
acre of such trees would have netted the
owner more than $20,000. This is believed
to have been the largest crop ever taken
from a single tree In the State. From
another tree of the black Bigarreau va
riety in the same orchard 1200 pounds wu
taken.
Many years ago the Northern California
Indians had a rendezvous in San Rafael
each year, when they would feast for
many days on the clams and other shell
fish at that time so abundant on the
bay shore.
Ed Wright, who uncovered the bones,
was digging in the mound and carting
off the shell earth I -> make a tennis court
foundation. He ea.iiumed the bones In the
morning and this afternoon came across
a large flintstone battle axe eight inches
wide and in an excellent state of preser
vation. The entire mound will be torn
up and it is expected that many valuable
relics will be unearthed.
SAN RAFAEL. June 21.— Three skele
tons were unearthed in the heart of San
Rafael to-day. The bones ' were discov
ered while workmen were excavating in
a vacant let at the corner of Irwin street
and Hotel Rafael boulevard. They were
in what has been known for many years
as an Indian mound. The mound, which
is ten feet high and many feet in cir
cumference, is composed of decomposed
clam shells and ashes and the skeletons
were found about four feet from the top.
Two of the" skulls were small, like those
of children, while one was very large and
thick. The latter was intact and a good
specimen.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Hadley had been working in a Los An
geles drygoods store, but was discharged.
He went to another store, and, being re
fused employment, broke a number of
articles, but before the police arrived he
had disappeared. He was walking along
the road near Downey to escape arrest
when the tramps assaulted him.
Hadley's wounds are such that the
physicians hold cut but slight hope of his
recovery. The most serious wound is in
the abdomen. An operation was perform
td to-night, but the result of it will not be
known until to-morrow.
Hadley said he was walking along a road
when he was approached by two men,
supposedly tramps. They demanded
money, but when he told them that he
had no money they said that his clothing
would do and ordered that he disrobe. He
refused and they attacked him. One of
them knocked him down and the other
attacked him with a knife, repeatedly
st«.bbing him. He knew no more until he
iwoke in the hospital.
LOS ANGELES, June 21.— W. M. Had
ley, who was found in a ditch near Dow
«»y last night, suffering from a half
dozen knife wounds, was brought to this
city this morning and taken to the County
Hospital. He was still unconscious, but
to-night he recovered sufficiently to tell
¦what happened to him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Workman Makes Inter
esting Find in San
Rafael.
William Hadley Says
He Fought Against
Robbery.
DIGS UP BONES
OF ABORIGINES
ACCUSES TRAMPS
OF THE ASSAULT
Senator Hanna announced to-day that
he would follow Senator Platt's lead in
this matter and fight out the question in
any form Senator Platt saw fit.
Senator Platt of Connecticut, one of the
central figures in the attempted Cuban
legislation and one of the four leading
Senators who has not been charged with
insincerity, is very anxious that some
tariff concessions be made for Cuba at
tho earliest possible moment, but he is
not ready to insist that the conference
shall report the Cuban bill to the Senate
and insist on a vote.
PLATT IS ANXIOUS.
Whatever has been done so far in the
matter of negotiations is altogether pre
liminary and only with a view of ratifica
tion in December, when Congress meets
again. The President wants action on
the Cuban tariff bill, and that is what he
is thinking about now because he never
knows when he is beaten.
Senators Frye and Hale of Maine and
Senator Aldrich of Rhode Island, import
ant leaders at all times in the session and
particularly so during the last days, are
all opposed to having the treaty precipi
tated on Congress at this time. -They
think that It. would not only cause a bit-,
ter fight and increase factional difficulties
within the party, but with the present
attitude of the Democrats, who desire
Congress to adjourn without granting
any concessions to Cuba, such a treaty
might fail. .
Senator Foraker, who had a talk with
the President to-day over the Cuban situ
ation, said later at the. capital that there
was no probability of the treaty being
sent in before adjournment.
WHAT ROOSEVELT WANTS.
Senator Lodge said to-day that it was
not at all likely that the treaty would
be sent to the Senate during the closing
hours of the present session. It would
first be necessary to complete negotia
tions by the transmission of the treaty
to the- Cuban Government at Havana, as
there is no disposition on the part of the
Cuban authorities to trust this ; matter
entirely in the hands of Minister Quesada,
who, it is now said, is not in- complete
favor with the leaders of the Cuban Con
gress and would, have failed of confirma
tion had his not been the first appoint
ment made by President Palma. He dis
tinctly stated to callers to-day that there
was not time enough to negotiate the
treaty and sen* it to the Senate before
adjournment. He f irther said that he did
not desire to send in the treaty for rati
fication while the Senate showed such de
cided disinclination to go on record on
any kind of reciprocity with Cuba.
NO TREATY THIS SESSION.
The announcement by the President's
friends that the fight has just begun
means that an effort will -be made to
solidify public sentiment during the cam
paign in order that there may be no
doubt of the ratification of such a treaty;
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N
W.. WASHINGTON, June 21.— Unless
President Roosevelt makes a complete
change in his plan, no reciprocity treaty
with Cuba will be sent to the Senate dur
ing the present session, and there will be
no extra session called after the adjourn
ment, the first, week in July. The Presi
dent is not now negotiating a treaty with
Cuba. Reciprocity by legislation was no
sooner declared to be dead by the leaders
and admitted by. the administration than
reciprocity* by treaty began to be consid
ered. So far as perfected the present
plans for this only contemplate the nego
tiation of a treaty with Cuba during the
long recess and its submission to the Sen
ate for ratification at the beginning of
the short session in December.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
President Does Not
Yet Realize Bat
tie Is Lost
Reciprocity by Treaty
Appears Present
Programme.
Advocates of Cuban
Concession Still
at Work.
DECLARE
FIGHT IS
JUST ON
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
20
An additional charere of 20
cents to pay expressage . vrlll
be required from out of town
¦ubscribers ordering? by. mail.
- A car-load of Coolc Books
has Jnst arrived from CUIcnao
and they are ready for distri-
bution at the business oillje
of this paper. All Call' sab-
¦crlbcrs are entitled to a copy
of this treat Coolc Book nt
the premium price of lifty
cents. ¦ .
TWENTIETH CENTURYCOOK BOOKS
yjpf Y av/aUUIl OUppiluO \^v
£& Better come here for your vacation supplies — you can tbS.
M tave enough .here on the things you need to enable you to *\
fv tpend more on your vacation. Some of the things you will need JA
'In and what they will cost. Telephone orders delivered — South 356. |\
tut Blackberry Balsam for Whisk Brooms 10c. w
1 rf cramps, etc., 25c. Nelson's Foot Comfort 20c. ' r
'/ Poison Oak Cure 25c. Q a \& Cream 25c.
s Bath Caps All prices Face Powder All kinds i\
j b Bath Straps, Brushes 50c.-$1.50 Churchill's Moth and Freckle
: r*jt wpon pcs 5c« Lotion 75c»
M* Soaps, for toilet and bath Sc. up Nail and. Hand Brushes 5c. up J*
LI Witch Hazel 25c. pint Hand Mirrors 25c. up jjj
B^ Alcohol, medldnal and burning Alcohol Stoves 25c. up fab
SI A Tincture Arnica, for sprains, etc. . Baker's Tooth Ache Drops 15c. Jjlft
»\ii Ammonia, for insect bites Thompson's Headache \m\\
tt<^i Tooth Brushes 10c. up Carbolic Salvo 25c. Ijf'l
y\ Hair Brushes '¦¦ 25c. up Cough Cure • 25c. jifjl
yt\\ Combs 10c. up Japanese Cleaning Com- Vnl/I
V\\t Whiskey All kinds Court Plaster 5c. package £//JJ
\Pk / 1125 M.,R., St .. *. n rnnci *co t? Mf
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
• • ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Causes Ninc-Tenlhs ol AH Sickness, Indigestion, Followed by Headache, De-
spondency, Listlcssncss, Enfeebled Action 0! the Mind
and Body, and Can Be Cured by
DUFFY'S PURE MALT WHISKEY.
Gentlemen: After havins u*ed about S bot- much better that you will say '.t ls the
ties of your Malt Whiskey, I cannot help telling best medicine In the world. Do not fill
the wonderful *ood it has done for me. I feel yoU r system with harmful drugs. Doctors
jus* about 100 per cent better now than I did prescribe and hospitals use Duffy's Pure
v hen I first started to take your medicine the MaK whiskey whenever an absolutely
«urly part of the winter. It has kept me in nurp «=tJmiilanf ancl tnnlr <r rpnuirpri
rood health all winter, and I am gaining rlgut pu Jf «»,*.,?„ +i? 1 »-^,HJ .„ ' tj,,,./.
along ia weight, having gained about 10 pounds.- e careful and see that 'Duffy s Pure
I h«ve recommended your Malt Whiskey to sev- J* 13 } 1 Whiskey ls on the label and that it
tral friend of mine, and they all bave the ls In our own patent bottle, with the
s-ame praise tor it as I have name blown in the bottle. This Is the
C O. KEYL.ER, 1901 Madison Ave., only way Duffy's Pure Malt Whiskey ls
March 30. 1901. Cincinnati. Ohio. sold. If offered in bulk or in flasks It ts
BETTER THAN ANY REMEDY. a frau<L .
Gentlemen: I have been using Duffy's Malt .^^^^^
Whiskey since last winter, and find It does me <fc />J^
more good than any other remedy. I have also .^a*^ JL^ " i
r>TEuaded several of my neighbors to use It. I JffiQt^^ ' >JWyi
t!--::ik we all can yp^ak a rood word in your //fivC/tZhr^ >^*^a\s.
favor. RICHARD C. TRUMAN. flKt/ **.' V^ Vw
Ap'l S. 1001. S21 Nicholson St.. Richmond, Va. // *V/ p£M /^^V \V^V\
CURES STOMACH TROUBLE. {(§[ WL i$SMfr, \%$\
Gentlemen: I have used Duffy's Pure Malt If ml v i»3u~ 6f*\]>£s3F \?*\\
Whiskey for indigestion, and from the benafll it I i<2ffi«?55w*!<sSSi l >w 1^1'
<j'»rivcd from it, 1 can eafei;- recommend it to 11^1 s^*$i£A^&BZzk*f*!&. |f4li
any ore suffering from stomach trouble. Ii I \ \ /hull
Oct. SO, 1901. R. M. JOHXSON', Eiko, Va \\ \ J^m^^^yj^M^ 1^^ I hill
Gf-r.t!eraen: I have never found anything to \\ \ ' /
"qual ycur whiskey as a restorative to a run- \\ V^ tf~i si£l£l^ : *^HwVi 1 ifci-(\f Ii
down Fystem CHAS. PIERCE, Bra?gs. Ind.Ter. Mk \c^r|^S^"^sa^^^^ /'
A tableppoonful three times a day in a \iw O^li^^^^^^^^r //
wineglaasful of milk or water will make v^!5o > <^-^2s||^g=~^^ Jy
you stror.pr and healthy; it enriches the '^fa^^^^^V^A Jlr
blood, stimulates the circulation and 1 TUfA^^^^^
tones up the entire system; all doctors WJZtt^r
prescribe it.
It Is a blessing to the thousands -.vho Writp Duffv Ifait Whuupv r n p^i,«
need a body builder; It rids the system of ter N Y for two ram fcounter, for"
Se^o? 1^ w^^ou^wflffeel 1^ 2ru%S^ 1S S ° M by S?,
I An eje^mple from our store that is/o^s truly H
1 representative of this period as Sheratons and |
I Chippendales are of their times. *J*olid Ma- a
i hogany. Hand carded Chair, \7pholstery; S
ji green brocade Verona. +J*ame design comes tj
I in three-piece sets. Price for set, S 120.0 O. 2
1 Mid-Summer Reductions in Parlor Furniture.^ B
i If you are among those preferring a later season for their outing, |
| v you are among the lucky ones — you can take advantage of these |
[| reductions in parlor furniture. Here are some of them — t
9 22.50 Parlor Sets-^- Divan, Reception and Arm Chair — Mahogany I
M finish frame backs. Upholstered in bright, figured velour— 13.50 1
I 65.00 Mahogany Three-piece Parlor sets. Heavy, highly finished, neat- |
I ly carved frames. Silk damask covered. Showy and good— 40.00 |]
I Odd Diva.ns in. mahogany finish, velour upholstered. From 24.0x3 R
I 3 - pi^ece sets. You may have them for what they cost us— 7.50 |j
1 25.00 Adjustable and Stationary Davenport-Sofas. High back and ends. B
I Rococco carved oak frames. . Soft, velour upholstering— 15.00 B
I 22.50 Fancy inlaid and carved Mahogany Parlor chairs. The 13.50 n
I TO demand for. odd parlor pieces leaves many fine chairs on TO g
I 25.00 our hands. The foss to" us is a big gain to you— 15.00 H
S "Th© Credit Hoxiso." Six Storlss Hlgrt. I
B 255-5-7 Po st street. Phone Private Ex. 57. I
— . ilL . : COUNTRY ORDERS RECEIVE PROMPT .ATTENTION w - m .,^. n . nn .* t \ n ~, ~ . . r H
SALE OF QLOVES'I \4&k^- M^a X >» EXTRAORDINARY SALE m JJ^ .
the best lambskin", care- jf pgjf *%!**§? A^ ** irt GREAT VALUE AT $1.00;
est stitched backs and two-clasp fasten- y — -_ - '. " .* ««=„ , o , ~-,j k/»« v-»»h
ers; perfect fitting gloves; In White, Tan, ' ' "!3C^ %3^ At 25 ' 9 £ ' ,.
Brown, Red, Gray, Mode and Black; sizes :^S*W CSSJ**"^ New Lace Allovers. in Point de Paris and \
5% to 7; good value at $1.25; Monday. 80C . JDuchesse; worth 50c, 60c and 75o jartl. |
"We will start a Wash Goods sale to-morrow— /sale of greatest Interest— ONE that ought to Jam the department all day with eagerly * < hoppe I s - J?'Z \* ve I 0 "'
our extensive stock and have selected many of our leading and best selling styles of Wash Fabrics— THE CREAM OP THIS SEASON'S PRODUCTIONS and which ha\e boen greatly
reduced. Considering the beauty and desirableness of the goods and the exceptionally low prices. THIS GREAT pFFERING should make Monday s attraction almost Irresistible.
MERCERIZED SILK GHAMBRAY SHEER GRASS LINEN - IRISH DIMITIES LINEN CRASH AND BATISTE WHITE ORGANDY
Reduced from 75c to ' Reduced from 60c to Reduced from 15c and 20c to Reduced from 25c to Reduced from 50c io
An exquisite Summer m f\ . Fancy Sheer Grass fi ft -A- Bf eat variety to 9 m A phenomenal offering j m Our regular 50c qual- Aft
fabric that sdld up to /| |J ft Linen, In the natural HQa choose from, in the I IS ft -the values are extra- J« ft Ity. fully 70 Inches wide^ J y ft
now at. 75c yard. In iL ml color, with dainty, fancy T ft I choicest desisns and best S g S 3 ordinary— fabrics so pop- |O«|, VPrv shee [ a " rl , ,2 y iinii
rhemstltched < and fancy •fUU stripes of prettieet color- tl U U colorings, such as Light fiUll ular for Sheer Waists. iTrU woven: reduced for this V V? U
corded effects, in all the * T, J^T, Ings; was 60c a yard; w ilue. Pink, Red, Laven- Dresses and Skirts; Im- sale to v»^^
leading colors, tfie Ideal' Tara . reduced to Yard der and many others; Yard mense value at 23c; re- Yard »••• Iara
material' for "Waists and Dresses. ¦' . . great value at. , duced to
INnii MUM i'apf stripfii uww N0YELlY SC0IGH GlNGH AMS NOVELTY 6RENADINE SWISSES AND BATiSTE
.INDIA LINON LACE STRIPED LAWNS Reduced from35c ana , 40c t0 Reduced from 75c t0 i" 'I , ¦ ,?„ l n \ «i M
Reduced from 25c to Reduced from 25c to High-cias, Mercerized Affc Here we present a - ft Reduced from 35c^cnd 25c to
. Over 300 yards of the ja Novelty White Goods, 1 rnn Chambray and finest B | a |ft fabric so much In de- / Uft A charming lot of ex- |£
finest and sheerest 25c B U (ft In hemstitched and oatin 1 I f% Scotch Zephyr Ging- //I" mand for evening SI f\ j juisi.e styles in satin I fc ft
quality India Linon, very Ifll striped effect, the choic- I f I hame. In solid colors £LJLU dresses, a fine Mercer- T U U striped Batistes and Mer- I |l_
suitable for Waists and I U U est styles of the season, £ I fit and fancy stripes; very w i ze d Grenadine, In the • cerized Swisses, in light |VU
Dresses; well worth 25c . that sold right along at choice; were 35c and Yard leading evening shades; Yard and medium colorings;
yard. > . Yard 25c yard; reduced to.... Yard 40c; reduced to was 75c yd; reduced to greatest of values at.... TaM
¦™™™«nwMHii!iMnllM^ 1 11 O:l|# U/nini Coin of JMS&bs.
I $¦# g- t J!» n«n n ' « Mil u Hie! GiiR ifdlol OdlC dl >#^ Si
1 iwfjrfi rYir^firninfsry^iik Bsro'snns Thisis an ° ther - one ° f &§& r^ limiw^^^
I mUlU LAlSOySUHSOi J klll\ UOlgUillOi I our famous waist oflfer- fflra gfg L> || (Mj ?M) (^^F
H We are constantly planning for the biggest of Silk Sales, and we're in g.5 that will cause sen- V£| j» ¦ 1 H I ' T^PkW h^r1\ <*
I ready to-morrow with some of the greatest specials we have ever fold sational selling here to- >«k «r ¦ \Jt i^S ft A f *'
I you of— Silks that are unsurpassed, and for prices are unmatchable. morrow so be on hand fis if i^s ' i<-\C$*™Z ! !r&- -4
I Novelty Pongee Silks, $1. 00 Quality for 75c Yard, g ?tg|l§; W %* &•* | «|
If A much favored and ideal silk for Waists and Summer dresses a style," made of the 'hIGH EST GRADE JAP-^^jPW^^.-^\MM
h good quality, daintily embroideied in Nile, Pink, Ecru, Black and Persian amttqtt wactj ctt vc in ctn'n.e , n j <-h»<-lrc ff\s£vsP-' A£ Vr9 J:*!/ \Mii
| colorings; regular value $1.00; on sale at ..75c yard ANESE WASH SILKS, in stripes and checks, '^^akCfrp? y *^.f \»M»
H and handsomely finished with pleated front and # ry// £*W\
| (il fin n. NttA . OSII/a OC Innhnn 11/irln 4nr Ct\n VnrA back, in all the fashionable colors, such aa White %s3|LW^^// /ff//]f)}
H $1,00 Pongee Silks, 25 inches Wide, for 69c Yard.
H We secured them much under regular price', and offer them to-mor- fit - st y'e and quality "have never been surpassed l^^^^&rjf
H row at one-third less than original selling prices. Pongees' that ™e offer to-morrow at the extraordinarily low WfirW^^
Eg readily sell at $1.00 for Monday at .....(59c yard j"lff °_*_"" "11* "*"*"" ' "_'" '. " ".".'"?__' Eac " ~ \mi.-.~ZZL—.
I Sale of 75c Black Taffeta for 50c Yard. i |Ti6HT^™r silk and wool grepe de paris, 1 -^
1 roo^S^^ I II fab^hfsK^l^tL^ Ift I
g. good wearing quality tnat you cannot duplicate^ unaer ioc, on sale Mori- «. some t , me gILK AND WOOL CREPE DE PARIS. 44 inches wide, an Sft I # IS
1 day at • • • OUC yara , elegant soft and clingy material. In shades of New Blue. Navy, Re- |.l/ il
ft • . __ ... ni . r% ¦• e\ ¦ # n r% "«»• F seda. Cadet, Biscuit, Tan, Gobelin, Cream, Brown and Black. The ¦ • " "¦ H
1 800 Yards 85c Quality Black Peau deSoie for 69c Yd. g^^^^^g^^ I
GREAT SALE OF SHIRT WAISTS. SUMMER UNDERWEAR AND HOSIERY. SALE OF BELTS
500- "White Lawn Waists— one of the best known *^ *3f 'C BACH, LADIES' IMPORTED SWISS RIB-
makes trimmed with Embroidered Insertions, tuck- JJ3 BED VESTS, self trimmed neck and arm A sample line from a leading New mm gmtS
priwifq and fronts- also a big line of Colored holes, in colors of Pink, Blue, White, Ecru and Black; \crk manufacturer. There are many JT fj 1 1
Wilsts of the best Madras Ginghams, were QO r regular value 50c; special at 3 pairs for $1.00. belts among these that are worth as 111 I.
made to soil at $150 and $1.75, for...... Each OOC -r^ «JC EACH. LADIES' CORSET COVERS, form fit- high as $1.50 each. All of them are the- \\ Oil
made to sou »i.o« * llv*Lll£ * **" ««S. neatly finished seams, in all Bizes: special very latest creations la PATENT LEA- UU Fwh
gfsg f* mm EACH for $2.50 WAISTS— A great va- value ..'. 25c each THER. MOIRE SILK. TUCKED SAT- Ca >*ll
vhl;O J r^y. a11 °' them this season's styles, of PA iR-A grand variety of LADIES- LACE IN. in Black a nd White, and beaded effects, beauti-
•^•¦•V^ beautiful Chambray, Linen and Zephyr ££ Z*t IASLE HOSE warranted fast Black. In the fully shaped; have the new and very catchy Gilt Oxi
Gingham; perfect in fit; were $2.50; on sale at newest designs; sizes 8 to 10; worth 35c; on sale at dlzed, Jeweled and Harness Buckles; a great varipfv
....„.....;. 5S1.G5 Each I 25c Pair to choose from; your pick at •• — ..50c Each
IMMENSE OFFERINGS IN WASH DRESS SKIRTS. Ofin U/kjfp P m \ir\n PpffipnatQ Wnrtfl ?9 OR fnr
n <iWi in 'Black and "White; very graceful hanging Skirts; worth 51.50; on special sale By far the grandest Petticoats offered this season: are *&»* a **>
at ...... 7.--.- »jS2-5«> Each made of the best Cambric, cut extra wide, and full length; CP /B r\(l
rvTDi COCPIII 300 Crash Linen Dress Skirts, with full flare cut. trimmed with 3 rows exquisitely trimmed with Lace Edging and Insertion; others 9 i(jU
tXInA OrLulALi O f White bands; regular, value $1.50; for Monday QQ r with deep hemstitched flounce; many styles to choose from; CfJ fl i-
Each «7Ow are positively worth- $2.25; on special sale at 81.3O each Y'*' EachYour First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New Tork and Boston, carry Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each always
please the traveling public. JAT W. ADAMS
P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker building, San Fran
cisco, Cal.
the shooting, deputizing a dozen citizens
to assist him. Hundreds of persons gath
ered near Shipman'a house and for three
hours watched the battle. Five hundred
shots were poured Into the large two-story
house, Shipman replying from windows,
cellarway and the door. The fire company
was called out and James May volun
teered to stick a. hose in the cellar and
drive Shipman out. A little later Shipman
appeared at a window and fifty shots were
fired at him. It then became quiet inside
and Shipman's body , was found on the
floor, full of bullets. ••*::-
JEFFERSON, Iowa, June 2L— One of the
most sensational «hootlhg affairs evet
witnessed in this part of Iowa took place
early to-day, resulting from an attempt
to arrest Horace Shipman on a peace
warrant.
For a breach of the . peace last night
a warrant was sworn | out for Shipman
and placed In the hands of Marshal John
Swearlngen for service. Dr. C. H. Grim
mell, Shipman;s family physician, went
ahead of the marshal to attempt to have
Shipman surrender peaceably. - Shipman
agreed to do this, but when Swearingen
and Deputy Sheriff Fred .Kendall appeared
at the door he warned them, not to come
In under penalty of death.
, Swearlngen, undaunted, started to pull
his revolver, and Shipman fired a load of
shot, striking the marshal in the lower
part of the face and killing him. instant
ly. Dr. Grlmmell and the deputy beat a
retreat, leaving the body of the marshal
upon the porch. ,*^f(S
Sheriff Anderson went to the scene of
Iowa Man Has a Furious
Battle With the
Officers.
DEFIES THE LAW
AND LOSES LIFE
"Hello" Girls Go on Strike.
DES MOIXES, Iowa, June 2L— Seventy
telephone girls walked out of the two
local exchanges this morning, tying up
the Iowa and Mutual lines. They have
organized a union affiliated with the
American Federation of Labor and will
attempt to make the strike general over
the State. They demand an Increase of
wages to 130 a month and a nine-hour
day.
work. The employes demand recognition
of their union, 25 cents an hour and a
nine-hour day. The company ls willing to
pay from 17 to 21 cents - aa hour. Tho
men. It ls understood, will accept from
IS to 21 cents.
AKRON, Ohio, June 2L— Because not
more than one man ls allowed to talk In
the orthodox Jewish synagogue at the
same time there was a small riot In the
eynagtjgrue here to-day. Ben Rudeminski
emerged from the fracas with his bead
cut In several places. He. with Jacob
Mermion and J. Rudeminski, are under
arrest. Ben Rudeminskl and another
man tried to talk at the same time and
a quarrel ensued, which soon developed
Into a fierce fight.
Sharp Quarrel in a Synagogue.
Cy Young: and Winnie Mercer Pitch I
Great Ball, the Former Winning
for Boston.
AMERICAN DEAGUE.
DETROIT. June 21.— With two veterans—
Cy Toung and Winnie Mercer — pitching, Bos
ton and Detroit this afternoon played the fln
tst same ever seen at Bennett Part Startling
Flays were made by both teams in almost
every or.e or the fifteen lnningrs necessary be
fore Beaton won. Attendance. 6000. Score:
R- H. E.
Detroit 1 13 4
Boston ..................... 4 n 2
Batteries— Mercer tad McGulre; Toune and j
Crlger. 1
CLEVEI^AND. June 21.— Cleveland played !
yellow ball to-day and "Washington won eatllv
knocking; Moore out of the box In the elxth '
"— *— £ "" ; k a E j
Cleveland 9 13 7 1
Washington 14 14 4 I
Batteries — Moore, Undblooxn and Bemli-
Pauen and Claxk. '
ST. LOUIS. June 21.— St. Louis defeated
Philadelphia to-day by hard hitting In the I
third Inning, after which neither Bide scored j
Wallace returned to work after a week's ab- '
eence and hit Wiltse for a triple, two doubles I
and a etncle. Attendance, 4000. Score: i
R. H. E.
6t. Loulf 5 10 A!
Philadelphia 1 9 3J
Batteries^ — Donahue and Sugden; Wiltse
Powers and Schreck.
CHICAGO, June 21. — Chicago again defeated
Baltimore to-day. Each team earned a run
by bunching hits, the other scores resulting
from bases on balls and errors. Attendance
C275. Score :
R- H. E.
Chicago .....3 6 1 1
Baltimore 2 5* 2
Batteries — Piatt, McFarland and Sullivan-
Houell and Eresnahan.
KATIOXAX. LEAGUE.
PITTSBURG. June 21. — Plttsburg won both
rames In the double header to-day. The first
was brilliantly contested throughout, but the
second v.-as a poor one. With two men out in
the second inning, Brashear dropped the ball
that would have put Beaumont out and retired
the tide. After this five hits and eight runs
took e.11 interest out of the game. Attendance
7300. Scores:
First game— R. H. E.
Pittsburg •..•-••••••••.••...4 " & 1
Bt. Louis 3 12 8
Batteries — Leev«r, O'Connor and Zimmer;
Murt>hy and Ryan. Umpire — O'Day.
Second game— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 14 14 3
Et, Louis 4 11 4
Batteries — Chesbro and Smith; Dunham and
Terkes. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCUCXATI. June 21. — The Chicago team
had an easy time taking the game from Cin
cinnati to-day. Menefee was in rare fcrm,
but the numerous errors by McPhee's men ac
counted for the large ccore. Attendance, 3000.
Score:
H- H. E.
Cincinnati 3 5 6
Chicago 11 9 4
Batteries — Ewing, Currie acd Pietz; Menefee
aad Kllng. Umpire — Brown.*
BOSTOX, June 21.— Boston-Philadelphia
came postponed — rain.
FrFTEEN INlSriNG GAME
ON" DETBOIT DIAMOND
The boiler-makers were also notified to
day that they will have until Monday
morning to return to work. Those who
refuse will, it is stated, be barred penna
rently from further employment by the
road. It is believed by some that this ac»
ticn on the part of the railroad will pre
cipitate a strike among the machinists.
ST. PAUL. Minn., June 21.— The strike
of the Great Northern boiler-makers and
helpers has been turned into a lockout.
An official of the company said to-day the
company had all the men It needed, that
work was going on satisfactorily and that
a. few of the strikers were again at work.
The conferences held between the strikers
find Superintendent Duvrelle are said to
be at an end. The proposition submitted
by the company has been refused.
An official of the road this afternoon
stated that this action on the part of the
road was necessary, as the strike of the
bcller-makers had crippled the other
¦work, and it was impossible to keep other
men as long as the strike continued. He
also says that the company is iri good
condition for engines and that few are
awaiting repairs.
OMAHA. Nebr., June 2L— R. E. McLean,
general organizer of the American Federa
tion of Labor, arrived in the city to-day
to assist in the settlement of the strike
of the Union Pacific boiler-makers. A
meeting of all the unions will be held to
morrow, when some plan for a settlement
will probably be agreed to.
The Union Pacific Railroad this after
noon posted a notice in its shops notify
ing 250 men of their release from employ
ment for the present on account of the
Etrike of the boiler-makers. The men
were also notified that any who were ag
grieved at the action taken by the road
and refused to report for duty Monday
morning would be discharged and not re
instated under any circumstances.
Employes in the Omaha
Shops Receive Strong
Ultimatum.
Union Pacific Will Not
Submit to Boiler
makers.
RAILROAD MEN
DEFY STRIKERS
'TORONTO,: -Ontario,. June 2L— The
streetcar men of this city went on strike
this morning.' More than 900 men stopped
Toronto Streetcar Men Strike.
The two comrades ivislted about town
until a f ew . minutes before I the I midnight
Fort . Logan train left^.the : Union -depot.
While on their way down .to; the': depot
Chisholm said to' Rlggs: "Wait a minute,
Jay. I want to get a prescription filled."
He stepped into ; a drugstore, on Seven
teenth street, near the depot, and pro
cured, some powders. After leaving Pe
tersburg^ >on the /way to the' fort,. Chis
holm stepped behind' Riggs and took the
contents of the paper he had bought
downtown. When the guardhouse waa
nil inn (I in' ii iiiWiTligXl—illwHug^Bn'jiliniii mm iilin >i. 1
DENVER, Colo., June 21.— Stein Chis
hoim, a private in Company C, Eigh
teenth Infantry, stationed at Fort Logan.
died at the post hospital this morning
from the effects of a supposedly self-ad
ministered'dose of poison. No reason is
known why he should have committod
suicide. Last night Chisholm, in company
with his ''bunkle," Jay S. Riggs, was in
Denver on guard pass. . . ' ¦
Sceclal Dispatch to The Call.
Private Stein Chisholm
Takes Poison in
Colorado.
The Italians fled but were captured and
returned* to , the local police station. A
mob Tof 500 demanded the prisoners, arM
they were "spirited away to the railroad
station! The mob reached the station be
fore the train left and nearly wrecked
the building in their efforts to get at the
prisoners. The officers kept the mob at
a distance with drawn revolvers.' Several
hundred . men pursued the carriage in
which the ' prisoners were taken to the
next town, but ; the ~ would-be lynchers
were outdistanced and the Italians were
safely lodged in the Greensville jail. *
NEW KENSINGTON. Pa.. June 2L—
Domlnick Sandof , Tony Madron and
Louis Madron, Italians, narrowly escaped
lynching early to-day at the hands, of a
mob. Late yesterday David James, a
promlnep t citizen, was assaulted by the
foreigners; and Frank James, his. son,
vho rushed to his rescue, was mortally
wounded.' y ¦ -- . . --'
ers, but the Railroad Defeats %
Their Purpose. >
Five Hundred Men Demand Prison-
MOB MAKES EFFORT
?^; ? TO LYNCH ITATTATTS
SAN FRANCISCAN
COMMITS SUICIDE
Chisholm enlisted* at San Francisco,
•where his family resides.. The Coroner is
making an investigation.
reached Chlsholm became deathly sick
and the hospital corps ' was called. He
never regained consciousness and died in
great suffering and convulsions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
21
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A cnr-Ioad of Call Superior
Atlases haa arrived 'and they
are now ready, for distribu-
tion. All ¦nbKcrlbcri to Tho
Call are entitled to a copy of
thin grreat bool^ at the prem.
lum, rate of $1 60. Oat of
town subscribers desiring a
copy ¦ of till* splendid prem.
lum frill be supplied on re-
ceipt of «1 SO. All mall
orders will be: snipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS,
All correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed in plain, 'sealed envelope. The receipt
ls free for the asking and they want every
"Dear Sirs: Tours tt«i received and I had
no trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected, and can truthfully say it ls a boon to
weak men. I am greatly improved In sire,
strength and vljror.'"
"Dear Eirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given ycur
tro&.trr-nt a thorough test and the benefit has
been extrajrClnsry. It has c.mp.et^'v braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when u boy
and you cnnn:n realize how happy I am."
"Dear Eirs: Tour method worked beautiful-
ly. Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
tnd enlargement is entirely satisfactory."
How any man may quickly cure himself after
v>"-i:rs of (ufTerlncr from sexual weaknes*, lost
vitality, nljtht losaes, varlcocele, etc.,- and en-
large email, week organs to full size and vigor.
Simply Beui your name and address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull bulldlnjt, De-
troit. Mich., and they will gladly send the
free receipts with full directions so any man
may easily cure himself at home. This ls cer-
tainly a most srenerous offer, and the following
extracts taken from their daily mail 8how
what men think of their Kenerosity:
Insures I<ove and a Happy Home for
All.
CURES WEAK MEN FREE.
I 65c a Volume Pictures Economist ' ¦ ' .' '/ J^J,^m» s*y^' Enwress\ Developing Sale of Shirt S
J lor the Poets FramBtt. Junior. //) JUi / * $1 Gloves, ana Printing Waist Patterns. : J
jf ¦ .«, n a ~. 4c A complete .line • Our handsomely - • "j£^^ V% j^XZ^. js jh s Ass £» tf US H efAf^r The best Kid Particular folks a limbed nnanrirr ' ' '%'¦
* in Padded Leather. of the ncwcst and i]lustrated catalogue and Sucdc G: ° vcs shou!d brin § their ° f *° '^t\^ *
» F,yc hundred volumes of the works of the . of . Summer Styles M M&LJ^%^L^B B&^dy^y^W^^V^W^M^i. for women that can negatives to us. ,\fyy& lawn ihlrt wai»e pat- %
fc* pdded leather, good f^4=^^v^>W! - .-s . Write to Mail Ur- <ni,i't'rii!.ilMU^ i ' W the price, 2 ciasps, a.l there is in them. £%}ff different styles '1
| S:tr;s£ '!^pi(ll .l%ws' P r«: Sr.'^-r.;*" '.. . -^^^^^'tTmerica-s-grandest^tore- g^ 3 - g, h n^ D y p ,°t«r:- tsu^r^ 5
K at $ i -s°> books i/^w^^r^ ~~~ : — ¦ ~~~ — ~ ¦ — ; : " ~~~ ~ ~~ : \^&M ¦¦ *"** i i0 ° and
I'SHi 1 WMStM Great Siik Sai& Begins Monday 1 M^...;^.&2 j
*.* i»;il nmi,,!,!, 'Jf(','^Xt/&^h& "JrA . • « ..—¦¦-'¦<.'*-• - ¦-.'.. * <• « Only a few dozsn of these. Best come in JJ
| r.t p our VS WsSSQm Offerings such as are made - here onHy. L**************. i
«f price; on sale Mon- iw , Jj)\ {/// r&!/^y* \ % A + ' •• , . , v • « . , 9 •" -*-> ••-• - r . , f .,- .1 "";.- rr 1 _ -^ -» &
*; day,v O :ume, ¦ -f. ?.m/ "ill Actually below manuiacturcr's cost are to-morrow s prices on several lines of the silks that we offer at Go-Gart, $5.20. *
*' S5c £¦*'¦ -££'^~r^* and 68c a ya^d.-". San Francisco's fastest-growing, largest ''and most popular shopping place alone makes prices we are in r«ei P t of a car-load of the famous 5
I The assorlent inCude, Ern^n. »in like these on choice, .new, much-in-demand fabrics. These Silks^are the choicest selections from the season's SSSr^^SfaStoTdJi : |
Memeriam," Robert Brownirg, Oiytr Gold- SUrplllS StOCkS Of Several prominent jobbing hOUSeS, bOUght at-flgUreS.Which enable US tO Say: , any other makej more practical, more comfort- Jt
$ 75c, 85c, $f*0O Fancy Colored Silks \ $1.00 and $1.25 Black and Colored /^^Siw^ I
I WM%& h^" <S^r'" E i^» Beginning Monday, 5&c Yard. ' Silks-Beginning Monday, 68c. AmWJ S
j» "The Rubaiyat" (the FitzGerald translation). More than a thousand yards of colored Gros de Londre and fancy Flannel Taf- About 2500 yards of black Swiss Taffeta — full 27 inches wide, a good- wear- yi^tX^\^^n^^Uu\ '**
*£ LoweT« works and many others. . f etas — In popular shades of cardinal, lavender, navy, pink, gray, cream, ing quality ior underskirts, linings, rufflings, etc. ; the grade that is regularly /KmII 1 Arfl^HMlM// 5
k° brown, turquoise, tan, nile, maise, etc.; charming silks that will make pretty sold at $1.00 per yard, and less than 300 yards of Colored French Taffeta, V^^^^ffJ^^^^^i^/! " K
% ' Wall TentS. shirt waists ior street and evening wear, and the most desirable of linings, zz inches .wide, in shades of emerald, turquoise, orange, garnet, cerise, < ?g5^\ \\ffi^^^ffl^^/\
X n on 4 <fr»»n p«;« flC si'ks that have never been sold regularly less than 75c, 85c and SSLja^ bluet, etc.. the regular $ 1. 25' quality;- on speciat sale, beg" n- |«O A l^S \^T^^^&JrC\ /\ 3
I P iffnZ'hvy- $1.00 per yard; on special £ ak, beginning Monday....... O^Q ning Monday, per yard.. .......... .^ ................ OffC "I
K .»fcj{!&&Zy* ; ing a new tent this : : — ; -— — ; — — — — : — — — : — — — ; ¦ '— —
SC /^Z a /^ f/\f^^*\\ prices. Because of B\\^i!d rfFal R EP& w ** /SI/E^ B B B SiJf S"Bi w • VU^* J^wil «'
i tw eve S ize, An' w ,-lot iS ' Here ls one of the Greatest Ribbon Off erings this town has ever seen— more .we. The handsome Go-cartnw^ h ere J
I f;;^v|s:osi^te?.|^ •:?
¦jf 7x9 feet .$6.OO I 1 /! UlislfL ff^X^"^^^^^^^V»^*^ Ribbons, in all widths, ircm the narrowest to the widest; in more than 35 different colorings; suitable for fancy each other or they both work together at yoa -J
2* 9^ 2 xi4 lest . . $8.8O /^^^Clifa^ 2^'' work, pillow ruffles, \ trimmings and a thousand and one other ribbon purposes; will be placed on special sale, desire. The varnished reed body is in a partic- '}g
j; n nSCXtra " W^WSTjl fct 8 innin g to-morrow (Monday) morning, at just fta/f ff^H/ar pr/CGS. S^wSJ^-r^d'fed^Sd-fiS "?
K &tr*\ir>[fi* P*etMn %jWSfa(ih No. a- The #-inch width, 5c quality. Sale price . . 2 J /zC Yirti No. 12— The 2-inch width, 20c quality. Sale price . . 1Uo Yard and foot 'brake- SI '" "!!!^ '»
* ESiCytrlCS 1-ttmp, «>W«*» JeWrmnf No. 3 -Thc width, - 7 c quality. Sale price .. 3/ 2 c Yt.rti No. 16— The a^-inch width, 24c quality. Sale price .. 12c Yard ' 7 .$5.20 '%
j J r ,l A 50c seamless roll stee.: barrel nickel plated FT^^Wtt No. 5— The i-inch width, 10c quality. Sale price . . 5c Yard No. 22 -The 3-inch width, 28c quality. Sale price . . 14o Yard Other" Go-Carts* up "to* S30 oo- all of them "%
X bicycle pump, with cast base and hard- No. 7— The i^-inch width, 1 2 J^c quality. Sa'e price . . 6%O Ysrd No. 30— The 3^-inch width, 33c quality. Sale price . . 16 l /zG Yird fitted with rubber-tired wheels. ' 3*
t£ wood handle; size of barrel I2xi# inches, JW/$% No. 9— The I % -inch width, 15c quality. Sa'e price . .7}ic: Yard No. 60- The 4^-inch width, 45c quality. Sa'e price . . 22}iC Yard Hood Top upholstered Go-Carts from / * 'i %
» complete with is-inch hose and swivel /A V V\ Also , 000 yar ds of AU-Silk, Satin- Faced, Pearl- Edged' Trimming Ribbons, in black cn.y; 10-yard 50c pieces, on sale, beginning Z5C • • • • • • $12-50 to S25.OO %
j. connection; on sa.e Monday only QQq. S|^ Monday/piece. .-.. . . . .. . . . .... . . .;..¦/. ::..\. ... ... . . . . .... .... .1. ... Hood Top Carriage, $6.5O to $35.00 . J
I Monday's Biggest and Best I Headquarters for Fireworks / Popular Sheet Music, 12c Copy. J
I Offerings of Wash Fabrics, '% We're Ready for the "Fourth." \ F t g £n™^^^ |
j^» BJB#«- m 4 f* m-S «e. #">•*•» 89/fsaStSft**^ In our large special Fireworks Department, on second floor, you will find purpose of cleaning up the stocks. These pieces are all published at 50c, and are 4jf \
inftttte GOOtiS, &neettngS, BXaannc***. everything in the line of Fireworks for : home celebration and n : ght displays at «>ld regularly by us at a 5 c; to-morrow and, if .quantities last, during the week; copy BlmiG 3»
i , There will be enthusiastic buying to-morrow in the department store prices. Am0D *^^^«'«- ¦ . t H «i*u mt >niat : l
i domestic sections and at the sales tables in the main ais|^^^V«c ; M^^^^^M > "^ |
i which the department will occupy.- We are going to sell; "^..^.S^r^^K M^. ,>a the^ y fa ¦& -evening that :£££"*£..¦ -™ Green-, cake w*» ; $
?» ' . - , KC- \\ v™ft-ak!?>v2» you wilhneed m fireworks or flag3 with w uuuum «j«m. "How-dc-do. <5
. Hne Mousidinc de Sole, with silk dots, the evening shades, also white and dark &£Bg* Extra loud Jaw. Crackers. which to celebrate the "Glorious Fourth." * <Cats . Pa ™ dc Tw °- S , te P- * ., ,, M , D : na u » \
J colorings; the well-known, much-in-demand 50c gocdi; on sale Monday only, yard. mWH* Pistol Crackers 'V.V.V.lOc These Catalogues will be mailed free to any "Soldier of Fortute March. xwy uinan. «»
J ThO B0St Percafes-Vx ** ft® wide good,, thousands of to choose Pgg} v lpl». fff^B \^<$ «-»Sl*- ™ *&* "M^Nd^V^' " '££!£ WiSefe Lucky Man » %
5" from; fine colorings, brst of pattWns; instead of I2^c yard, their price for Monday g£g% large) 25o ' folks <»» »PpI'«don to fireworks department. Mistress Well Waltz.s. Kip van wiggle was a lunacy Man. j
j; only will be • • • v • • • ' » *^*^ smtu J^jtSttCS Fir.works cannot be ih'pped with other ¦ „ •.-,- --^# ¦ 4
I White India £/nO«-The fine weave, fully 30 inches wide, so desirable for - *- Medium Red Heads / &gffiV*f' goods-They go by express or freight aad .- BigbaVIUgSOn LlttW TlUnffS. j
K waistt and dresses in the warm weather; our 1 5 c quality, to-morrow only, yard. . .§ M%0 ....«o per xw (^^k must be packed separately- _ «- # - O«f« > : " V : *
*.,._. . . , ,. ., c . ,- 11 u mm .j ~ «ft sae^k y* ~) ~y~\ Below we describe two of our six special . #¦ Mm%MHM%tWW +2*Mi%2. . Jt
I "^SS^dSa-SB'S g£igi||lgigSp <$&&&' '&*£&¦¦¦¦ =SSLt!V-'^ 1 =?£ , Vou do B o.r« IiK how m uch ,o D uk on B | ondl 7 ou buy |
J» well, ao pieces only, until sold, yard . 1Qo 05C NVuV\fiCTV ,2:L / s^X »ivr «om^ nnV,. «n fir^rarlr^ them at the Emponum. • ij
$ Colored Organdy -The P !ab 'colors, b.ack, Comforter,- White sheet wadding filling, m»^ g.ve some prices on firecracker. Pe «rl Buttons-Pure white, good quality and -fc^ r^P5^T^5S 'S
JfV- . ,ky, white, lavender, red, pink, canary, etc.; fancy knitted edges, si.kolme covered large V'^ 1M?/]V A * - ¦ , v the best sizes; 16, 18, 20, aa and 24 lines; |g^**==»-v \\\VKlf^ "5
J. 31 bches wide, yard . .... . 12%.O ««» *«h . . . .' . .... . SI. 15 [?\\ \\ .m-r T^tS\ 1500 cards, of 2 dozen each, on sale JL 8^ 1^**^ lOOOPo^ «T
£ Outing Wash Fabrics —In covert cloths, Sheets and Cases— The good A Ha^^'A >UV© h n /f^ \ /OoV Monday, card .. ........ 9C 7*
AT ; .. twiUed duckv liners,- etc., t Urge as- kind, at less . than present . Eastern mill \ -^*»T te*^ % %T^%, mm ''"/"ifi V^T " ¦ Horn Hair Pins— In shell, amber and b!ack ' rWliMW fir&&i£$k /Tlh *
*C tortment, the best makes, per yard. .12%O prices— . ou '" ,__,,' '' '^^^W I ! ' '//% \8l JlJ& ° V - />Lwht^^\ " effects; either stra ; ght or Vaved; worth i S c a J/^&MT M\\¥\W JttM "2
t Summer BIsnkCtS—^he 11-4 Single Bed Beached Sheets, 54x90 ..37/zC \ V / VCTXV «i?A J'fWim^K dozen; a co-gross lot on sale Monday, _ \r^^WW /I 'aY/' ///fli '«
J* giie, in white or gray, 64 inches wide, very Three-quarter Bed Bleached Sheets, 63x90 . . M . \~ / * ,-^^\ M I \ l^/J 1 \" ' /'^\l^\^ dozen. ... . . 9C V ' JP Wg III { l\\v\ \» Jl ///J '
>? sightly acd serviceable, pair 95s \ \ ~, ' ' ' " '^%L<£° ' "' ' \/^^'^ f^mlUl. 1° // P'\ W ' Cube Pin$-Cub:3 containing from 100 to 144 \ W\ Ju?7T I'J iiMv 5
i Fine Vhite Wool EUnkets—Californa make, Double Bed Bleached Sheets, 81x90. .52%O V\>* ' - V 7^J^^2J/\ V 4P \ pbs, assorted colors— aU-white and all-mourn- %% t fo^f ' ''t f WM *
J long, staple wool, extra large s'ze, pair ... Well-made Pillow Cases, 45x36. . . 12jiO ;¦ __ __ t/ , M ,,.,/ A \ X'^Sa"*"^ \ ing; worth 10c a cube; iooo cnbes on _ '_JLiJ jU'W^ W J€
X $5.95 Extra Ske Pillow Cases, 54x36. • . iSo AsSOHmSttt t V^^ \ V sale Monday, each . .' 5C t^gmM r>5llJtf&L S
i 5 ~~ ~ ~" I $1.OO. V I \ ) \ Real Hair Cloth— About 16 bches wide, b yfaw "$M® w\\\x \hWsSF*vm "5
t£ __ .^•- * mm* . *m * *m «-»^3 2 R tnr rnnrti»« n^^ ~~1T V / jt*\ black, French and gray herringbone; 10 e.r£FV^ uf'TwuSWOAt |lM?!o o n c! V
I Mian's and Boys' Century Cameras _ Best. | iSSr iS^in c.n- > —^ \ pieces on sale Monday, Jard .. " ' \gmmVjm^^Llir^^ *
jfc* Summer Furnishings. Mote Special Prices. 3 4-star Roman can- 1 n 0 1 star mi™ # \\ *- b^ /jC -*-
» rumisnwgs. handsom ; Camera , embod y everythi „. ««• ¦•¦'¦ m I Y.°Uow B jS^.™ \ / \A/<A » »¦««* Vertical Dress Shields-Light weight; pair ... IOO Feathemitched Braids-White and colon. tOo §
%' Boys' good quality Brown tlut Tnew anTup to da« fn the 'camerTnne 5 "lig i ™ ¦ *" \ §S5? Xy^A 1 No^ Colored Gey- g mO D ™ odor j ;pair. .. 25O Rubber Half-Sleeves_In stripe,; pair .. 2 5 O J
* Duck Overalls well f\Al We sell all of the other popular makes, and of 1 Model Pistol ? 4 °™ch FloweTpot , ~r * Pompadour Ha lr Roils-AIl (shades. .. 1U O Hair Pm Cabinets-Assorted; 200 pm, . g O J
* madeand fin^hedto //Ml the Century can honestly say that it has no ,u- ?££?$$££» { l%£%£* e st^ k hcel 8 10-star Large Ro- ' Mme* Bt " *''"' Co^et Steels-Black and white; pa.r .. . 5© Whalebone C-ap-AJ colon; 9 yard, . Wo $
J stand rough wear, s.ze, DMi perior. They are all fitted with hinged wooden 2 6-stfr UrSTm.a i'R^Be^i^Uck , man Candled . 1 n" 5 Star Serpent J"^ 7 * 0 Jlz f» a11 Iettcrs i '3 <°™ • SO Stock Foundanons-L.ght and flexible; ea./5o .,J
* for ages 4 to 13 years; /H_.J:_..Q\ nanrls at tar k adimfaWi. forimin* .rrwn. Kr!! Candles 1 Meteor Stick 6 8-star Extra Large Mine * Satin Belt Hose Supporters — Colors. . 25O Monograms — Every combination of a letters; j J5
I* nT-VhvT^ 0 / : A >^^ Pu^kTn/^o^Case -n } Sle SST^ ¦ Shoulder Braces J^Sose Supporter, combined dozen J^J J
5 Negligee Shirts — For / \ Model ¦¦- Cent ' - A -« a A l Pk ff . Fire Crackers ana WOOd Case 12 6-star Col. Roman 1 Home Run " . 25O New Style Loose Lock Pins 20o jt
Jf/./men and boys, good / \ M , , . r-ni,'™ I»- ' ' ' ««'Sn X 10 Tor " «r^««ifc.«*— « Candles 1 Sun Flower^ '• Linen Thread— Barbour's or Marshall's; the Fine Kid Curlers — Upward from, dozen . So •'
J .quaUtytw:iled cotcon, /> o\ J55.1 ,A «SS^ f S ' .' ' 'l/ffOO 1 Crack- Exhibition . l^rSk^Roc'kets 1 SS/a^ large aoo-yard spool, 7*O Children', Colored Side Hose Supporters; pair . ,«
I ?,fk \rJr "so / M ° dd J 4 Centu^xV . • • .:$ 17.60 ." S w ' P , n Wheel. ASSOHmSOt J Wh^ "«.!. g ers^ Brush-Edge Press Bindings-Yard. . . . gp ............... /Q O |
| black and whTt'e and f § " Th, Ccn^Jlrt Catalogs, illustrating £ Xq^%^ V $5.00. \ Wangle y J
V plain black, pood strong J and describing this line of Cameras, fret Matches 12 Extra Large Pin 8 Whistling Bombs 1 Jeweled Jet Qftf/ni et$ tfUfai-fFton^ CnnVfsrihf Bnnttd &
$ UTS MO / /or tk, asking - a t our. caJera department. S Chinese Volcanoes Wheels , 1 %-lb. Bengal Light Punk and Wood Case da#G O^ UOpyngm BOOKS
s? Mens summer Baibrig- / Eastman Kodaks, complete line, $4.8O, Our other assortments come at $2.00, $3.50, $7.50 and $10.00. at Half Price. B y ramous Authors J
$ S an Undrwear— In / S8.OO, $9.6 O, $14.00. ¦¦•¦¦¦ -- ¦ , ¦ . . - On Sale at 2O6. '*
J pink and b'.ue, form fit- Regular Kodaks-, $/f.OO, $6.40, GrOGCrV 3ttd UtlUOr SalCS. Severa^ hundred yards orthe best S oe and - -«
J ??» »'cey made and L / I J 50.60, $16.0U, $20.00. VtrUGGWy aiiU B-ISfU&r <OiUGS. 7$c quallOes o f chiifons, Mousseme de Soies ' o g- ered dty . j^^ of n of *^
» finished; each . 5UC _ __ But a few of Monday's B:st Grocery and Liquor Bargains are given news- and tiherty Silks, b such wanted colors as pink," - c i ot h-bound % books by famous authors, that jg
J? Handkerchiefs— Men or boys, in plain white This Basin paper space. We guarantee qualities to be the best. Tne prices we quote are Wue, nile, lavender, purple, green and red, now - were formerly published at $i.z$ and Jx.50} „«
I SH^^^^S *«„ Pitcher 8SC. £^gT5S i^ggg^ ;: ¦ g^^?^||
\i Bathing Suits-*., — «rf bo,., , n fS,^ h r n f , ttmi - p ""'""' " " hl " CudaHfsDKmmd.CS6ap, in Grparv Department. , Union ./iaOIlGBBfe *^!*, £a 'S^2TS^ m2"pSS: I
!^ large assortment of suits and trunks at money- j tc^ cr rc^ Babbitt's Best Soap — Monday, 12 bars 50c Crackers — Frisco Lunch or Champion; fresh lV/^irfr/1 ton> Gertrude Atherton, George W; Cable, °"s
ft savbg prices. ,-„,*- -« fancy ihape, basin \ffiB \ '' ' Ghirardelli's Eagle Chocolate— Monday, i-lb and crisp, 1b .. ....... . 1Q O SUltS |\V Y*I Jh Frank R. . Stockton, S. R. Crodcett, E. P. Ij
ft Boy«* Suits from. . . . 5UC to SI. SO ,, J A /' J^WkJj , .. o «_ . Extra Clarit— Good table winej Monday, gal- t-t%~. /U\\j C-OuJ Roe, Frances H. Burnett, Mary E. Wilkbs, -J
J- Men's Suits from. . . 75C to $400 S> «. ,?' M O 3 ! Cak<a * * * * * .-200 ]on # , _ ....... . .3OC 5UC. . |Uv>r •- Anthony H ope, F. Matioil [ Crawford, and many %
X Bathbg Trunks 25C to 75o b»An Rolled Oats-Best Eastern; Monday, 8 lbs . . J csje Moore A. A. Whiskey-The genuine; Todies' Union Suits for «*«.¦ jj
K ¦ pitcher. SZ&gr* • '•"•'• ••:.•• ••¦•. bottle SO C Summer Wear— : - i *5
* .'^2 ; n c id , • • « ' „ , aB> " Rke— Best Carolina Head, long, clean jgrain; Shiller s Malt Tonic— A health giver; Monday, j er$ey ri bbed, lisle -:/$*»• F"nf Aff KmhiT**tlf*f\l %
X 9 1 ° Seml-Porcihin Slop Pail, covered, has bale Monday, 7 lbs.. 5QO dozen. .. ... . . . . ..$1.70 thread low neck, no JIM ' ° #¦« ELmnW~OiaeM m y .;j»
«f • Fimmg»tgeght GiOSrS n. "?" * ' * ' • SI. 25 Corn Meal— YelloW— Best Eastern Cream; 10- GingerA'e— C. & C.;'Monday, dozeaSi.48 sleeves; ecru, white, - IfflW " Beaudfullystamped.and plain linen, of all kinds; X
* r mk %sm.mg..m ***+jmmu ** 9 Chamber Set, fine semi-porcelain, handsomtly 1b jack, Monday. . . ¦ 26c Naglee Brandy— 26 years old, worth double p5 n Jt an d sky— high wA//'M7 handsomely stamped Sofa Cushions, with alf *
X Thfi PfthiiLir\r <Strmk'/> 'tinted, fancy-shaped pitcher, rolled edge TamaleJ— Best I. X. L.; Monday— • our Monday price; bottle ... . .$1.05 neck and either long %%W colors of cords to finish them with; elegant 5
i no > uyi*K*i J» basin, covered chamber, mug and soap dish, Boneless, 3 tins 30c Cedar Brook Whiskty-iWell matured; Mon- or short sleeves; ecru Wj pieces of Spanish, Mexican and Japanese Drawn jf
£' ¦ '¦ */lll ThlS Week c COmpI !. tc - •./ • • • • • • • $3.25 Not boneless, 3 tins . . . . . . . 24o day, gallon . . .$2.15 or white; good fitting, Vtf Work, suitable for center piece*, sideboard X
ft c/J** *' r > rancy Cuspidore, highly glazed, thaded from Deviled Ham— Libby's and Kingan's; Monday, ReiUing or Sauterne — Choice dinner wine; -n^ looking, good Mj covers, tray cloths, doiKcs, table covers, etc.
X 77* M for* 25C brown to yellow, green lined, each. . .3Qo 3 tins . . . . • • • • • • ¦< ¦ • ¦ IOO Monday, gallon . ... .... . 85O wearing suits for }f\ Hand-made Battcnberg and Rennaissance piecea -'^
*f * ¦*" *¦" mmm***. Wrought Iron- Candelabra, for 3 lights, com- Queen Olives — The Imported, extra selected, Porter Nips— The Imported Guinness'; j£ aft WJ^ and all kinds of patterns, braids, rings and J«
K Q O P Jete » with 3 "'ored banquet candles. .5'dc worth 35c a bottle;. Monday . ... . 22o pints, per dozrn ... ... . . $1,511 mjOJG ir^A'' threads to make them with. JC
*•* , » « « .. « . « e „ „ „ " •¦ ¦'" ¦ ' * '-•-¦• y ' . " '•/¦¦¦',':.'"-¦¦- ¦• V ' • 'jj
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE : EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE SJIPORITJM.
'l^ii^^l 1 l( a^^^^-" yin rreat abundance anil
128 EHiS St. Abcveftmeri Wl|lf#
fcwilWBHIHW.I'FIBWfflllMW— ,„ ¦¦ I ¦¦Illllll 111 fjBy GUISARD.
MARGARET ANGLIN SAYS
ACTING IS AS NEEDFUL
TO HER AS DAILY FOOD
22
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
*. E. A. Convention. $84 00, San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, going direct lines
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On Bale
July X and 2. good sixty days. Only requires
six day« for entire trip through Yellowstone
National Pnrlc Just the. season to visit "Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited." Is unex
celled by apr other. . Seeing Is believing, t
K. Stateler, general agent. 647 Market St., S.'f!
This seems.to be a good year for calamities. We are getting them , of all sorts and sizes
from Volcanoes .to ] grasshoppers. . Kansas, as usual, has a novelty. Some of the counties in that
State have been invaded by <ants of unusually large size and in immense' numbers* It is said they
(devour whole fields of alfalfa^ attack animals and" even invade the homes of : . the people making
life miserable for everybody. •' , . ¦
. If ;we^id not know itfromthe almanac; the approach of W silly season would be revealed
to us by the fact that the Eastern paners are discussing whether pie or icecream is the greater
benefit to American life, ..#. : . " v ..- •¦¦• ¦¦ : .-,-~ -,>¦•
Doubtless that view of the situation is fairly correct. There have been sufficiently authori
tative reports of disagreements between the King and the Prime Minister- to justify a belief that
the King would be glad to make a change. A dissolution of Parliament would, of course, please
every' man in the kingdom who is discontented with -the Salisbury, administration, and that'^rob
ably means a large majority of the voters. The promise of a "new deal" is always attractive to
outsiders. In Grear Britain as in this country there is never, lacking a desire for another election
and. a'chance to try again. Consequently if the King should insist upon ciissoiution the effect
might easily be an- immense increase in his personal prestige and authority.
In times past the beginning of a new reign has been invariably attended by the calling of
a new Parliament, but a law enacted; under the leadership of Gladstone renders it no longer imper
ative that a Parliament dissolve with the death of the sovereign who called it. Still, the & King can
summon a new one if , he choose. That is his prerogative. If Edward were ambitious the oppor
tunity would be tempting; but he is not ambitious. It is safe to ; say h'e will leave Salisbury un
disturbed to look after Parliament, and will not undertake to imitate the 'action of Kaiser Wil
helm in dismissing Bismarck. He will recall thesaying 'of Disraeli: "There is often more wisdom *
displayed in foregoing an advantage than in seizing an opportunity," and he will take no risks by
interfering in politics despite inducements which seem so tempting to trie gentlemen' of the clubs.
ACCORDING. to what is said to be the prevailing opinion in the political clubs in Lon
don King Edward has a glorious opportunity offered in the present condition of British
politics to make himself a real King, and rule as well as reign. The situation is this:
o The people are weary of the Ministry, and the King is with the people. He desires a
dissolution of the present Parliament and. the election of a new one immediately after the corona
1 tion. The people agree with him. Salisbury refuses to dissolve Parliament, but the King can dis
solve it by royal act if he chooses to^exercise the power. It is asserted that should the King dis
miss his Ministry, and call for the election of a new Parliament, the act would beone of great pop
ularity and. largely strengthen his hold upon the people. -. ¦•/.. /
.A. OH-AJSrOE FOR. EDW^R,!}.
CeX glace fruit £0c per lb at Townsend's.'
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend"s.»
Townsend's California glace fruit, We a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxes. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 633 MarJ^ ;
street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally tr>
business houses and public men by tho
Press CllppingBureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia streetXTelephone Main KHi •
Fortunate Is the man 'who can depend
upon himself at all times.
And— for this was'after the play— I was
permitted a glimpse of an ice cream and
glory affair; a pinky, silken, rose-gar
landed, ermine-lined wrap, and much oth
er gorgeousness that feminine San Fran
cisco is going to lose its heart to before
long.
"And what of the classic black of the
gambling scene?" I asked, missing it.
"Like Bernhardt, we don't wear black/'
smiled Mjss Anglin, caressing a pearl
embroidered white robe.- '•This, • Instead
What else there will be to remind . of
Bernhardt I don't know. And, frankly "
she whispered, "I'm a little fearful of
comparisons.''
"Really, 1 am too much In the Fullgar
ney key to think or talk about her," Miss
Anglin declared. "My Camille is too neb
ulous, too much in the air, not sufficient
ly defined,. to discuss — only as to cloches.
I don't care much for chiffons after all,
but 'I really have some good Camille
gowns."
"Not of your part," I protested. "He
told me. of the new key in which he de
signed to pitch the play. The Camille
stratum of society in Paris Is one of the
highest external refinement, as far as one
may pretend to knowledge of Its condi
tions—Mr.. Miller put It, a society in which
wit,. brains and beauty are the Inevitable
price of admission, and. that in conse
quence possesses these in. lavish degree.
Just^as in old Greece- and Japan to-day.
'Consider . the impossible farce-comedy
Prudence amid such entourage,' Mr. Mil
ler said. 'Beginning with Prudence,
everything possible in the way of refining
the atmosphere of the play is to be done.'
But to Camille."
the play over here after Its 400 nights
In London."
"And next week Is the first performance
by the great American originals?" I
queried.
"That sounds like a variety show," re
proved Miss Anglin. "But yes, this Is Its
first time. I hope it goes well. That Is a
wonderful scene in the third act— Pinero
is a great third 'acter"— between Lord
Quex and Sophy.
" 'Unlock the door, my lord! Let me out,
my lord! ? • • No, I won't! Why, it's
like selling Muriel. Just to get myself
out of this, I'm simply handing her over
to you! I won't do it! I won't!' "—and
Miss Anglin's face, responsive as a wind
flower, fell into lines of wild fear and an
ger. Then, lapsing into her Trelawny
self, she added, "That is where the Full
garney cockney comes out."
"And what a clever foil she is to Quex,
the polished man about town, who
achieves reform after dedicating the most
of his 48 years to being a horrible ex
ample!" I said.
"Yes, I think those who are dissatisfied
with Mr. Miller's small part in 'Trelaw
ny' will rejoice In his Quex," Miss An
glin said. "And, frankly, 1 think that
Mr. Miller— I suppose It Is not; good form
to say it, but you needn't report me — will
look and play the part much better than
Mr. Hare."
"You saw the Hare-Vanbrugh edition?"
"Yes; I went, as other people go, for
once to enjoy, not to study."
"And now, Miss Anglin, about the sur
prise of this engagement— I know all
about it, Mr. Miller told me— mayn't I
hear something of your Camille?"
"If Mr. Miller has told you all about
It " Miss Anglin laughed.
Not that this was at all the kind of
work for which : Mr. Rosner was origin
ally destined by his forbears. At 13 years
of age, as a wonder child, he was playing
most of the gTeat piano concertos in the
pianist's repertoire. He received his edu
cation in Leipsic, Leaving Buda-Pesth
with the intention of studying: with Mos
cheles, then, with the Leipsic Conserva
tory. But his intention, 'and possibly
other complications, had a fatal effect,
for Moscheles died immediately on: young
Rosner's arrival. But Tausig, one of th*
greatest technicians of that or any time,
was Appointed in Moscheles* place, and
for four years the lad studied with him.
The pianist's seemed then the certain ca
reer open to the little Rosner, and for
some time .he .followed the life. Then
came a perio'd as a soldier with the Aus
trian Hussars, and afterward he drifted
into the leadership of the Vienna Or
pheum, ending -his -European career as
leader of the Orpheum- at Buda-Pesth.
San Francisco now enters upon rhe stage.
There are many wonderful things to be
seen and heard at our Orpheum, but I
doubt me much' if there is anything on
the programmes more remarkable than
the everyday stunt that the Rosner or
chestra puts up. It, is perhaps hardly re
markable as music, but as musical blufl
it is of the magnificent sort, and clever
to a degree. There are grand coups made
retreats covered, chasms bridged all un
der the dear, stupid nose of the audience
without , its . ever having a hint of the
matter. Feats of musical acrobatlsm are
demanded from the little orchestra at
which a more classic band [ would turn
pale and fly. Imagine a Thomas orches
tra under these conditions. A performer
of the never-had-a-lesson-in-hls-llf e class
comes along with a repertoire of three
songs but without any music - =
"Oh, vamp something in the kev O f C "
he cheerfully directs Mr. Rosner And
by ear/ not only the conductor, but the
whole orchestra, proceeds to "vamD in
the^key of C," harmonizing the melody
as they go along. One rehearsal on Sun
aay morning suffices for this extraor
dinary feat. Of course, a Berlioz orches
tration Is hardly the' result of *heir ef
forts, but I have laughed and wondered
THIS Is the obverse side o£ E. M.
Rosner, conductor of the Orpheum,
whose back view is probably more
familiar to the San Francisco pub
lic than anything after Lotta]3
fountain. This coming week Mr. Rosner
celebrates his fifteenth anniversary at
th« Orpheum, that is also coincident
v/ith the opening of the O'Farrell-street
temple of variety.' Fifteen years ago on
the 30th of June the Orpheum opened
under the direction of Gustav Walter,
new passed "over. Fifteen years ago on
the 3f>th of- June Mr. Rosner began his
engagement, then on the other side of
the footlights, as conductor of a band
from Budiy-Pesth. The band played on
for sixteen' weeks, then left for Los An
geles and the south, returning afterward
to play another ten weeks for Mr. Wal
ter. Then came the time to return to
Buda-Pesth to fulfill other engagements,
but the Orpheum manager wisely seized
his opportunity and persuaded Rosner
and some of his men to remain. Since
that time the present leader has* been
connected with the fortunes of the 7 house,
not always good, for the local vaudeville
factory was not always the flourishing
institution it now is, and with Mr. Ros
ner are men who have been associated
with him for fifteen, sixteen and up to
twenty-eight years, for, before his Or
pheum advent the conductor directed the
Orpheum3 of both Vienna and Buda-
Pesth.
ONE OF THE CLEVEREST
ACTRESSES ON THE AMERI
CAN STAGE.
There is, of course, the other side of
the work, the accompaniment of the Ju
lia Heinrichs, Jessie Bartlett Davises and
other entertainment of like high class
that Orpheum enterprise has so com
mendably furnished its patrons.
Here is where Mr. Rosner is In hU
glory. There is much Worthy work also
in the way of purely orchestral numbers.
Mr. Rosner is very happy in his work In
spite of its little drawbacks, and would
probably be too happy altogether if the
amateur contingent would only refrain
from "The. Holy City"— for which Mr.
Rosner shares my limited admiration—
and "Asleep in the Deep," in whLch most
barytones and bassos seem to wish to get
their voices dead and buried.
There is another sort of crank that is a.
rather sore subject with the Orpheum
conductor— a singer of the olTensively
modest type that demands ins voice
drowned by the cornet, trombone and
drums, at their fortissimost— the audience
naturally but unjustly condemning the
conductor for the blatant racket. All of
this outside of the legitimate ana peculiar
difficulties of his work, the task of bang
ing the drum just as the tall and lean
gentleman plants his fist In tho pneu
matic stomach of hia short and fat asso
ciate, and the like.
many times at the clever semi-Wagnerian
harmonies that decorate "Flatfoot Sal."
or the ingenious curlycueing of the flute
around some coon melody, or the serena
sustaining of the trombone end of things
in these improvisations.
Nor is this all. It frequently happens
that a singer will sag in pitch, and at a
look and a word from the conductor
dow.n goes the orchestra a half-tone — or
it may be up a half-tone— transposing to
the end of the song into the tew key.
Occasionally the vocalist will come on
pointing to a sore throat and a3king a
lowered pitch. Again, on the instant,
the orchestra transposes into the desired
key. The matter of rhythm is also a pe
culiar one with the usual Orpheum vocal
ist. Not once in twenty times will ho
rehearse the song: in the tempo in which
he takes it during the performance, and.
again, his illiteracy will telescope thre«
measures into one or spread one over
tivtnty, with the most cheerful reliance
on Mr. Rosner's ability to pull him
through.
"Next week's Is not exactly a 'chiffon*
play for you. is it?" I asked when 1 she
returned, not because I did not remember
that Miss Anglin's role of the fair mani
curist in "The Gay Lord Quex" did not
cemar.d chiffons, but to resume.
"'Valma, I've made ut> my mind. I in
tend to do exactly what you wish in the
future in everything. r m going to give
up squatting down here manicuring gen
tlemen-and shall simply sail about these
rooms, overlooking my girls in the plain
est of silks.' " Miss Anglin laughed, quot
ing the repentant Sophy Fullgarney and
magically shading Into the manicurist
manner. "The plainest of silks "
"Bravo!" I cried. "Very foreign terri
tory for you, the Fullgarney. Is it not?"
setting mentally Pinero's vivid picture of
the cockney vulgarian with her fine Im
rulse and underbred action against the
fragTant grace of the Anglin manner
"Not more foreign than . interesting "
Miss Fullgarney's Interpreter declared. "I
think of her as a creature of Impulse
with whom to think— if you can call it
such— is to act, untrained in mind, emo
tion without logic, but with a- large, fool
ish heart. The dlfflculty.is to get her Just
vulgar enough— 'Innocently vulgar,' Pin*
ero cleverly puts it. She has been a
nursemaid with the usual tang of the
trade, but she has also been associated
superficially— with a backstairs view—
with people of good society. She has a
superimposed refinement that comes off
when she is excited, and I think a Cock- 1
ney accent that escapes under similar clr- !
cumstanees— I hope you won't think 1 1
forget it because I use It only occasional
ly. By the way, Mr. Miller and I are the
legitimate American descendants of • John
Hare and MIes Vanbrugo, who brought
"Oh, for my chiffons," sighed Miss Tre
lawny. Then went on the stage for a sea
eon to look artlessly unconscious of her
penderous draperies.
"By the way, you were a student of the
Wheatcroft Dramatic School in New
York, were you not?" I asked.
"Yes," she replied.
"Therefore, possibly a believer in the
dramatic school?"
"If one has plenty of money, plenty of
time and much patience."
"But—'.'
"Practical experience, as you know
yourself, must count here as elsewhere
more heavily than any theorizing," Miss
Anglin eald. mysteriously disposing her
amplitude of skirt upon a half yard of
chair. "These things!—"
"You don't like the venerable garb of
your grandmother."
"Exactly," she laughed. "And I have
the doubtful credit among many peoplo
©1 never studying. But of that I know
Tth&t I know." And Miss Anglin looked
as If che could tell much an* she had a
mind.
"No, I have no theories about my work.
Sometimes I hardly know Just what I
shall do when I go on the stage," Miss
Anglin continued. "It comes to me like—
O well!— Just as It comes to one to eat
one's breakfast. It Is about as necessary
&nd natural to me to do one thing as the
other. I don't know Quite why, or how."
"You act by ear, eo to epeak " I
phrased It.
"I just go on and act," the actress
laughed, on one of my inquisitorial visits.
It was at the Wednesday matinee and she
stood In the wings, making a little moue
of disgust at the three-decker hoop skirt
that Rose Trelawney of the "Wells" must
wear. But a pretty woman is pretty in
anything, and Miss Anglin Is much bet
ter than pretty. Even the squat lines of
a "pork pie" hat added only charm to her
significant face, with its pure oval, deli
cately arched nose, sensitive lips and
clear, laughing eyes. Nor could the mon
umental Iniquity of the eternal feminine's
garb of the early sixties entirely disguise
her characteristic grace of figure.
YOU might as well try to pin down
a butterfly to theorizing about
flying as attempt to persuade
Miss Margaret Anglin to theorize
about acting. I know lor I have
tried it. Not once but three times this
season I have invited her to hurl artistic
dogmas at my head, but without success,
as she has none to hurl. Miss Anglin, to
whom possibly belongs more surely than
to any other actress on the American
stage — barring Mrs. Fiske — the gift of
genius, acts as a bird sings, because she
xcust. Her art is intuitive, largely uncon-
Eclous, and of the kind from, which dog
mas are made.
CLEVER MUSICIAN WHO HAS DI
RECTED THE ORCHESTRA AT
THE ORPHEUM FOR 15 YEARS.
It is stated that he has acted as a private citizen and as such has a right to the sentimental
preferences of an unofficial person. No one denies the right of private citizens to be sentimental.
But Gage charges that he has been libeled with reference to his official acts. He is related to San
Quentin prison only as Governor of California. He asserts that he desires vindication as Gov
ernor. , Then why not a trial in Sacramento?
The plea of a sentimental preference for San Pedro has all the seeming of sheer hypocrisy.
No man can rightly estimate the motives of another, and The Call does not pretend to under
stand the curious inner workings of a nature like that of Henry T. Gage, but judging from the
facts in the case the flight tc^San Pedro was taken solely that a bluff might be made of an intent
to bring the issue to trial, while making sure of a postponement of the hearing until after the Re
publican State Convention. The defendants will not consent to such a postponement if they can
prevent it. They ask a prompt hearing. They demand a right to submit all the evidence in
the case. They repeat that they will justify and sustainevery statement made in The Call con
cerning the San Quentin frauds. Let Governor Gage meet the issue if. he dare.
He has said that his character has been libeled, his reputation assailed, his honor im
pugned, his official integrity maligned. He has said that he wishes vindication, redress and venge
ance. He has declared an intention to reveal, expose and explode a wicked conspiracy to ruin
him by the publication' of libelous falsehoods. Then why' does he run off to an obscure, out of the
way place, and bring suit where a speedy trial is almost an impossibility?
As Governor of the State his official residence is at Sacramento. Why does he not bring
the suit there? • .
In the hearing before Judge Fritz on Friday Governor Gage was represented by one of the
ablest lawyers in the State. .-He will doubtless have other, able lawyers to assist the first who has
appeared.. His interests and his honor will be carefully looked after. Why, then, does he object to
a speedy trial?
The Prison Directors are going to hold an inquiry of their own. Will they not insist on v
keeping the books and documents in their hands until their inquiry is over? Would. the hearing
at San Pedro have to wait until the Directors' investigation closed? If so, how long would
the wait be? ' - ... ¦' ••¦
An important part of the evidence in the case are documents and books of San Quentin
prison. Can they be carried promptly to San Pedro? Will there be no objection on the part of
the Governor, the Warden, or the Prison Directors to the removal of the prison records to that
distant point in the State? "
What- are the prospects of a trial 'at San Pedro, where Gage has brought his suit "for
strictly sentimental considerations"?
There are twelve Judges in this county. If Gage be not willing. to trust his case before any
one of them, then there are Judges in ' Sacramento, where the Governor resides and where the
prison reports are^on file; there are Judges in Marin County, where the prison is located, and
where the testimony of documents and of witnesses alike can be readily had. If the Governor ob
ject to all those, then why not bring the suit to trial in Alameda, in Santa Clara, or some other
central locality. ') ¦
The defendants have no objection to any court in California; They ask only that suit be
tried in a locality where the witnesses and the documentary evidence can be brought forward with
out delay, £nd before a tribunal ithat will admit all the evidence in the case. \
If Gage will consent to a trial in San Francisco, Sacramento, Marin, Alameda, Santa Clara,
San Mateo, or any other county where a prompt trial can be had, where all pertinent testimony
will be admitted, he can select the county and he can pick out his Judge. The defendants ask
nothing but a prompt trial and a full hearing. '
Just why Gage should deem it likely, that he will get favors shown him at San Pedro, we
do not know. : A T either does the public know why, he should object to a trial before a court sitting
in a locality where the evidence in the case could be readily 'produced. I
Action brought in that way is not so much a blow as a dodge. The Governor has put him
self in a position where he can fight for delay, and interpose objections to evidence. In fact, by
various tricks "and devices, he can prevent a full trial of thecase until after the adjournment of the
Republican State Convention, before which body he is to go as a candidate for renomination.
By way of explaining why he shirks a trial in a locality where the evidence can be easily
and promptly presented, the Governor, says that he is moved by sentimental considerations. He
began his career in San Pedro. He has dearly beloved friends in San Pedro. . Therefore it is to San
Pedro he goes for redress and vindication.
• Having thus posed himself in the attitude of a hero, about to. .fight three foes at once, the
Governor paused for applause. The applause did not come. The people waited to see the fight
begin. The pose was. too strained to be satisfactory, and as the public began, to ask why he did
not "do something," the Governor at last decided to take action. Flying to a remote part of the
State, far away from the scene of the offenses; theciornicile of the defendants and the homes of the
> witnesses, the Governor brought suit for criminal liber against the proprietor and the manager
of The Call. v v . .: : ., ; ' V
GOVERNOR GAGE, after declaring in an official interview that the exposures made
by The Call. of frauds committed. in the administration of San' Quentin State Prison
did not affect him^. suddenly changed ; his mind arid began to "assert; vehemently that
the exposure was a, part of a conspiracy among the proprietors of The Call, the
Chronicle and the Los Angeles Times to ruin him. He vowed vengeance. ;He announced that
he would sue the proprietor of The Call for "criminal libel, the proprietor , of the -Times for.dam
ages in a civil suit, and would deal with the proprietor of the; Chronicle when that gentleman re
turns from Europe. ¦ • ;
.A. BLUFFER EXPOSED.-
THE SAX FE AXCISCO CAI^L, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL.
JOHN D. SPhECKELS, Proprietor. ... .-. ¦ , . ' .Address GommunicationV to VV/S/LEAKE, Manager
SUNDAY .....;.......;;..;.......... ...w;.V..... ;:.....:...:.:........ ................ ........JUNE 22, 1902
Publication Office. . .... ........... ...:...... . . i. ; . ..... <^3p|j|g> . . , ...... .... ........ . . . . . . . . . . Market, and Third S. F.
By BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
. . -.. ¦¦• ' 'A r- •'.-.:¦ ¦¦¦ ~ '¦ ¦
ROSNER WILL CELEBRATE
Fl FTEENTH ANNIVERSARY
AT ORPHEUM THIS WEEK
mT crettes perfect complexions fl
Bf »nd prompts the skin to per- fj
S3 form its highest functions; it 1 1
M imparts that fresh, healthful H
¦1 glow that so often disappears U
$fk with youth; removes |
1 . tan, su\eua,v, pimples.
i BLOTCHES. MUDDINESS. MOTH f|
H AMD LIVER PATCHES El
tl « , Sold by . druggists and &
g general dealers at EOc a &
jo bottle, or direct from us, Mr
fcf prepaid, for 50c. . MW
W Trial bottle and jOr
a directions for lCc.
f E. B. HARRINGTON & CO. ||
1^. Los Angeles, Cat, 19DIAMOND, Wash., June-21.— The safe in the
postof flee here was blown open last night and
$350 in stamps and $10 in cash taken.
"What station have you got to sell; for
50 cents?" asked the other.— Washington
Star ¦ > ; '
The regular customer at the suburban
station threw dqwn his half-dollar ard
waited for. his commutation ticket.
But the arrogant person behind the rail
Ing chose not to know the suburbanite
"Well," he said, "what station do you
want?"- /. - •¦'¦''' .-; • '¦¦:¦ '.. v '- ¦¦-.;.¦,¦ ;¦¦¦•.¦',•"•
(W. . H. McLaughlin calls for a reunion
this- year of the survivors of that gallant
band who voted for Jackson seventy year3
ago. = In"Scarboro, the banner, Jackson
town in New England, only one of the 375
who voted for "Old Hickory" Is now liv
ing. -Why wouldn't .. it be k fitting for all
the Maine Democrats to vote for Jackson
this year as a mark of respect to his
memory — Kennebec Journal. '¦¦_
"Pa,V said /Willie, ."what does It mean to
say a man *s .'one of nature's nobleman'?"
" 'One of nature's noblemen,' my son"
replied the old gentleman, with a signifi
cant : look' at his better half, "is a man
who smiles when he grets some ridiculous
cheap, gift for Christmas and exclaims:
'How nice! Just what I wanted.' "—
Catholic Standard and Times. •
, "Have you sent off your wireless tele
gram?" ; ¦ ¦,¦• - :¦¦:¦¦ :'- : in"
"Yes.". - -J- ! ••:¦"•- , *' ¦
"And ordered your horseless carriage?"
¦ "Yes."'. ¦ ' ¦¦ •::¦'••¦ ¦¦• :. ¦
"And paid off the motionless messenger
boy?7 ¦¦¦" ¦ ... -
¦ "Yes." ¦ - .: - ¦ I.' ' ;• ¦
"Good. Let's go and get a glass of hop
less beer."— Washington Star.
"Nonsense!"
"Fact! My husband saw this moth fly
ing around, and in trying to catch it he
upset a bottle of ink and a lighted lamp
on the carpet."— Philadelphia Press. ¦
"Yes, our parlor carpet Is ruined."
"Moths?" , ¦
"Onet moth did It all.
"Who is the puffed up fellow?"
"Why, that's the man who sent a cat to
the President when he heard that there
were rats in the White House. He got
his name in seven papers."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer. .
"Something is the matter with my ears,
doctor; I hear buzzing in them all the
"Send your wife around, and I'll take a
look at her tongue."— Yonkers Statesman.
"I'm afraid poor old HIthard is done for.
His locomotor ataxia Is too much for him
at last " -
"What make of automobile is that?"—
Smart Set ,
A CHlAiNOE TO SMILE.
The question of meeting place for the
next annual conference of the league was
quickly, settled by accepting the invita
tion of .Trinity Church, Los Angeles,'
which promised a hearty welcome and en
tertainment for the delegates.
'" The committee's recommendation that
the conference accept an Invitation from
the anti-Saloon League to" send a del
egate to its next convention at Washing
ton was adopted, and Dr. M. B. Chapman
cf Los Angeles was elected delegate, with
Rev. W. E. Vaughn as alternate.
Horace N. Caldwell of Lompoc was
unanimously re-elected president of the
State league, there being no other nom
inations. Th ' vote for first vice pres
ident resulted in* the election of Rev
Hampton Matthews of Hanleyville. Miss
Grace Castle of San Francisco was elect
ed second vice president and Noel H
Garrison of Hollister, third vice president!
Both are the incumbents. W. F
Greenleaf of Santa Ana was unanimously
re-elected secretary-treasurer. Mrs. M
V. Healey of Alameda was re-elected
State junior superintendent.
An amendment to the State constitution
providing that the State secretary-treas
urer should collect duty and from the dis
trict organizations instead of the local
chapters was adopted. Another amend
ment providing that th'e district officers
should collect all reports and forward
them to the State secretary was* favor
ably acted upon. The object .of ¦ these
changes is to simplify the work of the
State officials. '¦¦¦
At 10:45 o'clock the party returned to
the church in good time for the morning
sermon, preached by Rev. J. D. Frazer
of Downey. President N. Caldwell sub
mitted his annual report in writing. He
noted the need of a reduction of the State
and district organizations to a more har
monious plan of action. The general
state of the league was reported to be
healthy. The editor of the Pacific Meth
odist Advocate was thanked for his court
esy in extending to the league the free
use of his paper's columns and the fail
ure of the leaguers to take advantage
of it was deplored. President Caldwell
also thanked his brother. State officers for
the united support of his administration.
A motion to hold State conventions of
the league every two years instead of an
nually was tabled. ;,. : , ¦
FRESNO. June 2L-The morning and
afternoon programmes of the State Ep
worth League conference were Inter
changed to-day and the delegates took a
a drive through the vineyards in the cool
er part of the morning. The party made
a trip through the country east of Fres
no. The visitors found' the scenes full
of Interest.
United States Minister Squiers takes the
ground that Peralta's passport is prima
facie evidence of his American citizenship
snd will use all efforts to protect him un
til the highest tribunal decides the ques
tion. . .
Leaders of the bar here believe to the
contrary and cite numerous instances of
Americans who fought in the Cuban
ranks and retained their American citi
zenship. They also point to the fact that
Mexico declined to deliver to the military
government here other alleged criminals
whose extradition was requested. Cuba
has not yet negotiated any extradition
treaties. -.";
Peralta, who had obtained American
naturalization papers, was, it is asserted,
included in the pardons under the general
amnesty act. The Cuban authorities,
however, take the stand that because Pe
ralta was a volunter in the Spanish army
during the revolution he forfeited his
American citizenship.
, HAVANA, June 21.-In the event of the
granting by Mexico of Cuba's requisition
for Peralta, an alleged Havana bank
wrecker, international complications are
likely to follow.
$40 first-class, including berth and
meals, San Francisco to Seattle, Tacoma,
Vancouver, Victoria, Everett, New What
com and return, allowing passengers am
ple time to go ashore and visit the va
rious points of interest. For full informa
tion apply Pacific Coast Steamship Compa
ny's ticket office, 4 New Montgomery st.
Low Excursion Rates— 11 Days' Trip.
Possibility of Complica
tions With Mexican
Republic.
Horace N. Caldwell of
Lompoc Retains the
Presidency.
DRESDEN, Saxony, June 21.— The body
of King Albert arrived here on the royal
funeral train from Castle Sybellemort to
day, accompanied ¦• by King George, the
widow of the King and many royal per
eonages.
Dead King's Body at Dresden.
LEAGUERS CHOOSE
THEIR OFFICERS
CUBA'S POWERS
ARE QUESTIONED
SANTA CRUZ, June 21.— Oliver Hayes
Bliss died in this city last evening. He
was a native of Covington, Ky., and 81
years of age. Mr. Bliss was 1 related to
Jefferson Davis and ex-President Ruther
ford B. Hayes. Before coming to Santa
Cruz he resided in Los Angeles, where he
was for many years a member of the City
Council.
Death of Oliver Hayes Bliss.
A Move That American Manufactur
ers Will Not Be Slow
Follow.
The managers of American railways
might, to their own.: great advantage as
well as to that of their patrons, take a
leaf out of the book of the Government
railway control of Prussia. These officials
have ordered that experiments should be
made looking toward the substitution
upon the 30,000. miles of Irailroads which
they operate of non-combustible cars for
;the more or less Inflammable -boxes in
which the public f are now transported
from place to place. The steel trucks are,
of course, already comparatively safe
from destruction by flre, but the construc
tion, of the superstructure of these coaches
has always been of such a nature as to
be something of a menace to the travel
er's safety.
The walls and floors and general trim
of passenger cars have ordinarily been
constructed' of woods that are peculiarly
inflammable, and the use of oils in their
cleansing and decoration has intensified
the danger. The Prussian experiments,
in recognition of these facts, are to be In
the direction of having floors and walls
of materials chemically treated so as to
make them, non-combustible, and of the
construction of seats , stuff ed with fire
proof cocoanut fiber and having asbestos
coverings.
It is an important step and In the right
direction; and in a country like our own,
where there is so much more travel and a
correspondingly greater duty for conserv
ing the security of the traveling public
over more than 180,000 miles of roadbed,
It would seem as if it would be a wise
precedent for the railway authorities to
follow. As a rule, our railways are ex
ceptionally well managed, and the trav
eler ' in the United States gets a vast
amount of comfort and convenience at a
very slight personal risk, but the further
step toward the making of fireproof
coaches would' serve to greatly reduce
that risk to a minimum which >would
amount almost to Its total extinction.—
Harper's Weekly.
At last year's census there' were 2234 ac
tors in London, an Increase of 75 per cent
over the figures for 1891. Of literary peo
ple In general there were 3466, an increase
of 24 per cent in the last ten years.
In China probably more wood Is used
for coffins than for any other purpose.
The coffins are made of lumber from four
to ten inches thick. It is not a high es
timate to say that from 8,000,000,000 to
10,000,000,000 feet of lumber are annually
thus utilized. ' : • •" • /
Som« Instances of Maltreatment of
Words of the. English
Language.
A correspondent points out that our
pronunciation (which is too often "pro
nounciation") has its faults. It Is only
too true, and "Glberaltar" is a rock on
which many split "Heighth" is a com
mon mistake, and a few months ago thou
sands of people were convinced that they
were in "February." Not one man in a
hundred calls an ishmus anything but
an "ismus." And "aerated"! The mal
treatment of that word demands a sep
arate hospital. "Areated" Is the common
injury. But there have been heard such
compound - fractures as "aereated and
"aeriorated." After that "diptheria,
which merely loses an "h," is a mild case.
Foreigners, however, may be excused,
since their mistakes are usually due to a
superfluity of conscience. One may sym
pathize with a Frenchman who puts faith
in any rule as to the pronunciation. Oi.
"ough:" The plural of "potato'* may
have no terrors for him, but set him to
pronounce this sentence, invented by
Punch: "A rough-coated, dough-face.1
plowman strode, coughing and hiccough-
Ing, thoughtfully through the streets pf
Scarborough." The foreigner who could
take that fence would deserve Immediate
nationalization as he alighted.
In -regard to the popular pronunciation
of "Berkshire," "Derby" and "clerk," a
correspondent reminds us that the late
Professor Freeman discussed the question
some twenty years ago In the Nineteenth
Century. Professor Freeman's view was
that it did not matter whether we say
"Barkshire" or "Burkshire," since both
are equally wrong. He supposed that the
original and proper sound of the first syl
lable was the same as that heard In
"berry" or "Berwick," when they are not
pronounced as they are In many provin
cial districts, "burry" and "Burrlck." If
you take a Scotsman unawares he will in
variably revert to the original and proper
"Bairkshire" and "clairk." — London
Chronicle.
SEATTLE, June 21.— Paul and Nellie
Underwood, accused of having murdered
their infant child by drowning it at Bal-'
lard three weeks ago, were arraigned in
the Justice court to-day and bound over
for trial to the Superior Court. Bail was
denied each defendant, though until , this
time the woman has been in jail in' de
foult of $10,000 bail, fixed before the cap
ture of her husband.
. Underwoods Held for Trial.
FREQUENT FAULTS IN*
OUR PRONUNCIATION"
PRUSSIAN" RAILWAY CARS
- TO BE MADE FIREPROOF
How much she got is not known, but
the records show that she used at least
eleven names and that she obtained not
less than $100 on each. One of her vic
tims, to-day discovered her plan and
caused her- arrest. : -¦•• ' ' .
Mrs. West's alleged plan was simple.
She answered all advertisements of money
to loan on personal property and made en
gagements at different times with the ad
vertisers. When a man who had money
to loan appeared, she showed him. her
horse and cow and offered them, as secur
ity. She usually got the loan and under
various names, it is said, she pledged
that horse and cow until she could find
no more money lenderB to conquer.
LOS ANGELES. June 21.— Charged with
grand larceny, Mrs. Margaret West of
328 Thomas street was arrested to-night
and will be obliged to explain the mort
gaging of the same property to several
persons. The assets of Mrs. West con
sist principally of a horse and cow, and
with these as a start she is said to have
accumulated several ' thousand dollars.
She has proved herself to be a chattel
mortgage Napoleon, and it is charged
that with no other security than the two
domestic animals she has obtained enough
money to pay for her home and to live
comfortably besides.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Unique Scheme Charged
to a Los Angeles
v Woman.
It Is believed that the insurance is
htn all, as rates in that neighborhood are
almost prohibitive, owing to the inflam
mable character of the structures.
The entire absence of wind aided the
firemen in preventing the spread of the
fire to other large implement warehouses
in the vicinity.
The brick warehouse of Parlin & Oren 7
dorf, implement dealers, was entirely de
stroyed, together with a number of frame
lodging-houses near by. .
.The free public swimming baths,' Just
completed and moored above the Madison
street bridge, were towed away and
saved.
The Standard Oil Company's ware
houses between Water street and First
street and numerous small wooden,build
ings in the vicinity were burned. The
Standard Oil Company's tanks containing
many N thousand gallons of oil are still
safe and it is believed they can be saved.
The flames then leaped across Madison
street,' destroying' the Hicks machine
shops and the approach to the Madison
street bridge across the Willamette River,
together with one span of the bridge.
The fire. had gained great headway be
fore it was discovered, and by," the time
the first engines reached the scene ; tha
flames were towering 200 feet in the air.
The iron works plant was a frail wooden
structure and was soon entirely enveloped.
The fire next spread to the plant of the
East Side Lumber Company, on the north.
The mill, with several hundred thousand
feet of dry lumber, was soon destroyed.
PORTLAND, Or., June 21.— F«re broke
out shortly before 11 o'clock last night
in the plant of the Wolff & Zwicker Iron
Works, on East Madison and East Water
streets. At 1 o'clock this morning it had
burned over about six acres, of territory
and had destroyed property roughly esti
mated at $500,000 in value. Although still
burning fiercely, the flames are believed
to be under control.
riremen "Work to Save Huge
Tanks Containing' Many Thou- .
sand Gallons of Petro
leum.
Hicks Machine Shops and
Standard Oil Warehouses
in Ruics.
PLASTERS A COW
WITH MORTGAGES
The loss to the railroad company is be
lieved to be in the , neighborhood of
$200,000. ; . • •
From locomotive to locomotive the fire
leaped and when tho roof and wooden
portion of building had disappeared the
spectators could see the large '^oil laden
engines shooting: forth volumes of flames.
It was a scene full of awe, but neverthe
less full of grandness, and will not soon
be forgotten by' those who witnessed it.
; FRESNO, June 21.— Fire to-night de
stroyed the roundhouse of the Southern
Pacific railroad and converted twelve
locomotives into useless hulks of old iron.
The blaze was discovered m ¦ the vicinity
of a stationary engine that was used to
pump into the ' locomotives at about 10:30
o'clock. It spread with great rapidity
and in a few minutes the entire building
was aflame. '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Oil-Burning Locomotives Are
Reduced to Hulks of <'
Old Iron.
"Wolff <5c Z wicker
Iron Works.
Blaze Starts in the
Southern Pacific Round
house at Fresno
in A caVioa
HALF-MILLION
DOLLAR FIRE
IN PORTLAND
FIRE DESTROYS
TWELVE ENGINES
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, ¦>{ SUNDAY,/ JUNE v 22, 1902.
23
. ';¦ \
Price in 500 Ib Lots
xJQ Per Ib.
Less Quantities
: . - -
v3 ¦¦/? G Ppr lh
San Francisco Branch •
No. 12 Front St.
Phone Red FRANK TEAL,
3276 • .> Sales- Agent.
Drunkards
Cured Secretly
Any lady Can do it at Home— Costs
Kothing to Try.
A new tasteless discovery which ran be (riven In tea,
SotTee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. C. T. U. and all
temperance workers. It does Its work to silently and
•urely that while the devoted wire, sister or dan?bter
look* on, tne drunkard Is reclaimed even against his will
and without his knowledge. Send t our name and address
to Dr. J. Vy\ Haines, 3349 Glenn 15 l'tlir., Cincinnati, O., and
te will mall a trial package of Golden 8peciOo f re* to
Ihow how easily it is to cure <imn u-a rtl« with this remedy.
Full-sized boxes of Golden Specific are for
sale In San Francisco by J. B. Gates St Co.,
417 Sansome st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AND VAN IVESS SEMINARY.
1S43 Jackson et., cor. Gough, S. F. Boarding
end day school for girls. Accredited by the
leading colleges and universities. Reopens Aug.
1L 1902. SARAH D. HAMLIN, Principal.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
I Eyeglasses and Spectacles I
Rj Are \ supplied" only of the fijl
Kj finest quality, guaranteed f&x
III to fit and give perfect com- \fl
H PRICES MODERATE B
tJ factory on prsmisas. Pioa» HsJa 19- Vi
S? 6 4 2 'Market 5t.^
821 Butter st.— Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young; men
end women. Write for. announcement and
any ©articular*.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
Illustrated catalogue. 305 Larkin st.
R. Lu DURHAM, President.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL."
MISS M. G. BARRETTS -"JBgSSgS*^
802 Montgomery 6t., Ban Francleco, CaL
SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL AND
personally; "best teacher, best system."
BVUOIVG WOO,
CHINESE TEA AND
HERB SANITARIUM.
784-66 Clay St.. S. F.. Cal.
BERKELEY, CaL, June B.
Dr. "won* Woo— Dear
Sir: With pleasure I tes-
tify to your marvelous
skill and knowledge, hav-
ing been a great sufferer from rheumatism
for more than four yeau. -.My case pronounced
incurable by Several physicians. I waa per-
suaded to try yo«r remedies. Four month*'
treatment resulted in a complete ctfrf. and a
gain in weight of seventy pounds. I aitrlbut*
my good health entirely to your medicine. Cor-
dially yours. MRS. N. J. ABBOTT, 2122 Cen-
ter street. . .
All diseases cured exclusively by Chinesa
hfjrbs. over 3000 varieties bein* nsted. Hours
0-30 toll a. m., 1 to 3 and T to 0 p. m.
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203 Central Are.,
Opens Monday, Aug. *. For information or cata-
logue address the principals, LION & ROGER.
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WUA BEGIN AUGUST 18.
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
-CARLSON INVESTMENT, CO.. 134'SOUTH BROADWAY/ Los Angeles Cal
.OUR REFERENCES: First National Bank of Los Angeles; Hon M -P* Snyder
Mayor; Pioneer Investment and Trust Co.; the dally newspapers of Los Angeles, or any
mercantile aseni? - >- ~^ s ' y
. Among our purchasers are the following leading citizens: H. E. Huntlngton. vice
president of the Southern Pacific R. R. Co.; L.T.' Garnsey; president of the Los > Angeles
and Redondo Railway Co. : -W. H. Carlson, ex-U.S. Special Commissioner of Railroads of
Cuba; Baird Bros., wholesale .commission ; merchants: J. G. Estudlllo, ex-State Treasurer;
F.' H. ¦ Dixon, ex-State Harbor Commissioner, and others. |
.We will select the best lots for non-residents. * ; ¦
.' Orders by, mail or; telegraph will be' allotted according to the time received at our
office. .Send money by check/bank draft, express or postal money" order. . ' ,V\ i.'
Deeds .will convey a perfect title, free and clear of all incumbrances.
Preliminary receipts will be given for money at time of Dayment. mfflclent time will
be allowed .to | examine abstract of title, and . all ;¦ conditions stated ¦ In .the preliminary re-
ceipt will be complied >wlth within 30 days, which include a. 'perfect title, free and clear
of all incumbrances, or the money^wlllbe refunded to^ purchasers/ . ¦
The Pasadena Villa Tract is immediately adjoining the city limits of Los Angeles.
' '¦ Buy~ lots in the coming residence suburb of Los Angeles, which is, on the Huntlngton
"Short : Line"," electric railroad. "Rapid Transit. s Double track.-' Within 15 minutes' rlda
of the business" center of Los Angeles, a cily ot 120,000, population.
.Rich,; black soil; plenty, of pure water; finest of climate.'
Lots will soon sell for ten times present prices. Buy now, before th« ralao In pries
to $100 per lot, which will' occur in' a few days.
H. E. HUNTINGTON ESQ. HAS 'JUST BOUGHT 22 BLOCKS FROM US FOR $16,-
000/ Mr. HuntinKton's new electric railway (now built throilffh the southern portion of our
tract) opened ; to. Dubllo traffic yesterday, Jun« 21.. V.
i •' All, lots are large, 50x150 feet, and front on SO- foot avenues, making subdivisions of
one lot for each quarter acre. : . ' . . ¦ . :
IN THE . PASADENA VILLA TRACT of S 91 acres, which Immediately adjoins the city
limits of Los Angelea. - . , *
QUARTER- ACRE VILLA LOTS FOR ONLY $45 FOR A FEW DATS, when price will
be advanced to $100 per lot. _ . . : .
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Irvington, California. A high grade military
school for a limited number of boys of good
character. Next term begins on August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON.
Buy a Villa Site for $45 in California
CELEBRATE THE
•' WITH
california...
...Fireworks
¦. -
Buy Direct From the Makers.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.
219 Front Streetv/*
San Francisco.
Open Evenings duly 1, 2 and 3.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAT SCHOOL FOB
young ladles and. little girle, 2126 California
et will reopen August 4. 1901. Accredited to
the Universities. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
gAN JOSE. CALIFORNIA, confers degrees,
grants diplomas, college preparatory: accredited
by State University; intermediate and primary
classes for youns children. Studies resumed
August 5, 1902. '. ¦
College of Notre Dame,
S- u »T» A I? I? Expert Accountant,
• il« M. J-\. IV IV guarantees a better
knowledge of bookkeeping In 8 weeks than any
college can give in 8 months. Mail course $5,
knowledge guaranteed; country customers »o-
licited. My pupils In the most responsible posi-
tion*. 219 Parrott building. San Francisco.
A* ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, iaw end medical colleges;
references Pres't Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor Phelan Big. L. H. ( Grau,Ph.D.,Princlpal.
THB LYCEUM,
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST. — 21 Post Et., San Francisco, Cal.
EetablUhed nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
Write lor 80-page catalogue (free). ; -• »i
j^^ 8^] Co rfler 16th and Mission Streets, -^^^^^^^^,.
F^*&{*^^'^^>g\ l#Ai^i^I-- AS I- v\ ¦"¦'¦>•• ¦¦¦ffi I if
tr ¦¦»'¦'¦¦¦¦ ijf b%-^bOBI^\7 O?-^b_L. \A a ,i hi
'^^^^^^0^.\ |ust to show what we are : : V| '^M^K^n
•-¦:"^^Jk^7=7?^Bi doin^ in the w ay of prices VW^Si i^ll
and qualities — an event '1| i^^ I ji
| Distances all competition j| | II
;^p^~3s|p^llj and makes a new record |S f P
; j ' * n tne ; furniture trade. If • I .. '-If
'^^^^^y^^l Everytning, exactly as ad- IJ j |f
' ' " ) vertised, we sell. . . .• • .no I* -. '" ' \ . ' |\
K^^^Pl We guarantee, satisfaction <JI Solid
OAK.^ $O.Zd • on every article we sell. • ¦ q q^ . i
This Chiffonier I hat ' s . one /eason why Polish Fin ' ish
w!th s la^a taTOi we n Pattosien's is pushing io rollstl rinisn '
made all throtigli. the frontm ' Heavy ' oak .round top Parlor
It's an opportunity to buy q _ . ! q Table, 16 inches in diameter.
somethJng good and prac- I COUNTRY TRADE SOLICITED. TJndershelf just as carefully
ticaL 6 " ~ O finished.
-Ja&na."- gg MONEY-RAISING-SALE $2.75
ADVANCE PATTERNS and colorings in all the standard makes. Bach and
every yard of the floor coverings we offer is absolutely perfect.
We guarantee our prices against all competition.
Sales Last All the Week.
Royal Wilton Velvet Rugs, all new effects — Esmeralda Brussels Rugs, entirely new—
9x12 8.3x10.6 6x9 9x12 9x10.6
$27.50 $21.00 61T.25 $18.75 $14.25
Kosmore Brussels Rugs, beautiful colorings — Art Carpet Rugs, endless variety —
9x12 7.6x10.6 HttU ? xl2 7x10.6 9x9 7.6x9 6x9
$14.25 $10.75 $6.15 $5.85 $5.25 $4.85 $4.20
AU-'Wool Fcst Quality Extra Wilton Velvet Extra Quality Tapestry Extra Quality. All- Wool
Velvet Carpets. Carpets. Brussels Carpets. Extra Sxspct Ingrain.
The designs and colorings %|"?ns' an^imUh^sofd In such choice makes as . 36 inches wide; best patterns
are woven not printed; rflfSSere 2t SIM- Ci '^K Higgins' and Smith's; sold and colorings; sold else-
Eold elsewhere at §1.15 our nricl $ J '^5" elsewhere at 85c; fie r , where at 90c; our 7E f
J1.40; our price.... our price. .-•- our price ! O3C price ..'.. ..« 3C
Five-Frame Body -v':', -'¦ ' \
111^" ProSS^i.SlJFSSk.r.; Tea- Wire Tapestry Fine Axminster Carpets,
v-arpcis. large showing of designs RrtiSS^k Cifo^t^ ' A ver> y attractive lot set
T-wenty-one patterns, just suitable for parlors, recep- ifv^rfj rxS . apart from the regular
from the mills; superb col- tion rooms, dining rooms, Fine designs and colorings; stock for the opening of
orings; sold elsewhere at halls and stairs; sold by very large assortment; sold our Oakland store; our
$LS5; our price.... fc| ")l\ others at $1.35 and-cr OtX elsewhere at $1; our &ez r regular price $1.25; <C| f\e^
v3*l..£V $L50; our price.... • J3I ''* J price.. OJC choice, at ....:..... *"«J
Royal Wilton Rugs.' <«"#¦ *- — ..- >^ ----' : 3.-^" * Axminster Rogs.
Extri quality Reyil Wiltan Bng«. K^-^i^Z-?*^ '^J£^ r '^'^^-^-*£q Axminstor Engi-A splendid f»bri«-ioft
$1.75 kind at.. .§1.50— ISxSS. p?'; - , mi - I to the tread »nd sturdy of leryiee.
$3.50 kind at... l\. 00—27x54. fi3t3&-7:r "*"•"•¦ * '¦" "• ""'- '"'-'^ :: - 3^£S» $1 on kinfl it on,, isr^fi in
t'l% kind SSBSSSS^ S^ ¦ J^ ',/' ' ggaggg^ g-g kind |t-.152 OO-2/X63 ,n.-
$50.00 kind at...^4.00-^12. SDlidOak.S^ 3 life f J he ° c %? on pll- $too kin^d at.a^O-I^fx^ ft
Hard PnfKh \WM 1\ l£f J s a lnc^ J30.00 kind at.24.25-9xl2 ft.
iiau ruiiiii ¦ ¦ "dtali» ' " ri^ thick, and the
Dainty China Clcstts. Finish. -,3HS jni substantial legs r t ¦ n- ?n „ TaM*
ip en instead of 12250-China Am en 1$k fltted solidlv - extension urnm? lable.
16.50 clS; ZlJ 22 -*^ 0 ™** \ R.OU ilfetlisolid Oak, Hard . A QR I » 8t « d h ° f <6.95-Exten-
•aroa't 1 * »rw -- m.i l2JIU * I^BJ*SJ ! -= eSa TPnH^vi *TiO«J sion Table, oak. . .
21.09 gSSi &«'-«v -sax tTb'uV 8.95 SSftS^Mtf!*-
tuiwwuosets, oak. carefully fla- /^^ T^— ¦>--'-,/ «T -js I ti I ¦! sion Table, oak.
OQ cn in£tead of 538.75— China ished in ts^. f 3 *V_ |Q 7 C Instead of $23.50— Exten-
tOi «JU Closets, oak, golden oak. vB#s£ to 575 |Q, |J sIon Table, oak.
IT PAYS TO TRADE IN THE MISSION.
ADVERTISSMEXTS.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Live in a Trunk?
Yes— If you have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Ask any dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, Man'lV,
826 Howard St., S. F.
1 PHi • tH (S&li ¦ USIn addition to this, the. unions decided
to send a committee to the mill owners
on Monday, to ask them to submit the
differences which exist between the own
ers and dyers' helpers to arbitration. The
city officials decided to-night to post mil
itia at the mills and keep them there un
til the whole trouble Is over.
PATERSON, N. J., June 2L— A meeting
of all the trades ! unions connected with
the silk industry In this place was held
late to-day. It was decided not to go to
work again in the mills until the military
had been withdrawn from the city. No
formal strike was declared, but the mat
ter was left in the above shape.
Paterson Authorities Are
Well Armed to Re
sist Strikers.
RIFLES ARRIVE
FOR THE POLICE
The newest lighthouse on th* French
coast shows a beam visible at a dlstanc*
of thirty-nine nautical miles In dear
weather.
The first formal meeting: ot the Isthmian
canal conference will bo at 2 o'clock on
Monday. This was arranged at the' meet
ing of Morgan and Hepfcura. The meet
ing was devoted to a careful study of
the Panama amendment with, a view to
getting a thorough understanding of all
its bearings. It was stated afterward
that no conclusions, beyond th» fact that
a meeting of the conference shoulS b*
held Monday, had been reached..
There is no doubt this Is the position of
two out of three House conferees and it is
thought to be shared by all of them.
This Insures an agreement in conference
without much delay even if the House
does not relieve the conferees of their
responsibilities by adopting a motion to
concur With the Senate, which there is
good reason to believe Burton of Ohio is
ready to make.
Although no formal meeting of tha
House conferees was held, informal ex
changes showed their general attitude
They are first of all for a canal ad whila
favorable to the Nicaragua route, they
will nqt insist upon that route to the
extent of defeating all legislation. As
soon as it becomes evident that the Sen
ate will not yield the Spooner amendment
will be accepted as the best solution pos
sible.
WASHINGTON, June ZL-Senator Mor
gan and Representative Hepburn, repre
senting the Senate and House conferees
on the Isthmian canal bill, were together
to-day to arrange the preliminaries for
the meeting of the conferees.
• . ) m
House Conferees Will
Not Obstruct the
Legislation.
CANAL IS FIRST
IN THEIR MINDS
One hundred thousand dollars Is being
Epent in the construction of a tunnel for
telephone wires between Minneapolis and
St. Paul. The object of the tunnel is to
protect interurban service from interrup
tion by storms and to increase the ca
pacity for communication between the
cities. :¦ •-.• /
Grcsvenor's motion, after some debate,
¦was voted down without division and was
gent back to conference.
Grosvenor of Ohio moved that the
House concur in the Senate amendment
for a memorial bridge across the Potomac,
to cost not to exceed $2,500,000, and appro
priating $100,000 for the preparation of
plans. Twenty minutes* debate was al
lowed on a side. Grosvenor, in support of
his motion, referred to ('the fact that the
Grand Army of the Republic had in
dorsed the movement for a bridge to con
nect Washington with Arlington Ceme
tery and Fort Meyer.
Cannon of Illinois called up the confer
ence report on the sundry civil bill. Can
rxn explained that the agreement was
only partial. Of the $6,457,000 added to the
bill by the Senate, $4,053,000 had been
fegieca to by the conferees, leaving items
carrying $1,283,000 still in controversy. The
report was agreed to without division.
Hull and Parker of New Jersey defend
ed the conference report, arguing that the
lucrease was necessary in order to prop
eriy officer the army. The report was
adopted— 68 to 59.
Clayton called attention to the fact that
the army, which cost annually $25,000,000
before the Spanish war, now costs annual
ly $125,000,000.
WASHINGTON, June 21.— When the
Hov.se met at 11 o'clock to-day Hull,
chairman of the Committee on Military
Affairs, called up the conference report
on the military academy appropriation
bill. Hay of Virginia., Clayton of Ala
bama and Mann of Illinois criticized the
tciion of the House conferees in agreeing
to the number of cadets at West Point
proposed by the Senate. Mann said that
recently the number of cadets had been
increa.£ed 100. The increased membership
of the House will further increase the
cadets thirty, and now it is proposed to
increase that number still further. He
did not believe we should legislate in the
direction of a gTeat increase of the stand
ing army. **
Conference Report on
Appropriation Meas
ure Adopted.
HOUSE FAVORS
ACADEMY BILL
. An interesting feature of the meeting of
this department will be an exhibit of In
dustrial, literary and native work, pre-
While all of these various institutes will
hold interesting and instructive sessions,
those of the Department of Indian Edu
cation will attract the widest, attention.
The local institutes will be conducted for
the convenience and help of those teachers
in the Western schools who will find it
impossible to attend the Minneapolis
meeting. The Department of Indian Edu
cation will be attended by teachers from
all over the country, and Its programme
contains papers, addresses and lectures
by the most eminent educators of the
United States. Though the youngest de
partment of the National Educational As
sociation, it is one of the largest, having
a membership of over 2000, composed of
the various employes of the Indian ser
vice, who are x scattered throughout the
length and breadth of this country, en
gaged in the work of preparing the youth
ful aborigine for the duties of citizenship.
Tiie first Indian summer school of rec
ord, consisting of representatives from
four boarding and two day schools, con
vened at Puyallup, Wash., in 18S4. Simi
lar meetings have been held each year
since, with greatly increased attendance.
At the Los Angeles meeting In 1899, upon
the application of Miss Estelle Reel, gen
eral superintendent of Indian schools, the
teachers in the Indian service were ad
mitted as a department of the National
Educational Association, being now
known as the "department of Indian edu
cation."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., (WASHINGTON, June 2L— By author
ity of the Secretary of the Interior a
number of institutes will, be held this
summer for the benefit of the teachers of
the Indians. Those at present scheduled
are as follows: Pine Ridge Agency,
South Dakota, June 25-27; Flandreau In
dian School, South Dakota, July 1-5;
Hampton Summer School, Virginia, dur
ing July; department of Indian education
of the National Educational Association,
Minneapolis, July 7-11; Pacific Coast In
stitute, Newport, Or., August 18-23. In
each of these institutes topics of general
interest pertaining to the welfare of the
Indian will be discussed.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Instructors of the Red
skins Will Hold In
stitutes.
INDIAN WELFARE
THEIR PURPOSE
A woman tries to appear discreet byre
fusin/ ¦ '" "¦"*' -,¦' ¦*¦ xeasr- wbra .she has
none- / .
Every Moslem is required ; to : pray at
least five times a day, .to give alms,' vo
fast and to make pilgrimages. They, are
forbidden to eat • certain ; meats, and the
use of wine and other strong drink- is
strictly : prohibited. The > Mohammedans
are the * most temperate people ' in ; - the
world, and no man can enter the house of
prayer without bathing. .
An account has been published in Berlin
of the average number of letters dally
received by " European The
Pope breaks the record, as his daily aver
age | of letters V and . papers ¦ reaches the
enormous number, of 22,000 to 23,000. Thirty
five ( secretaries II are kept fully employed
with ' his . Holiness' • correspondence. King
Edward must - find his daily quota of 100'j
letters and 3000 . newspapers . a heavy I tax
on his attention. The Czar, and the Ger
man Emperor, receive" from 600 to 700 a
day; the Emperor, likes to answer many
himself.: The -King of Italy gets 500, and
the young Queen of Holland struggles un
der the daily 'burden. of between. 100 and
150 letters.— New,'York'<Tribune. ¦.
Rulers' Heavy Correspondence.
In foAtier days many titled women not
only gambled but kept gambling houses.
In 1745 the Baroness Mordlingtori, ""who
kept one of these establishments in Lon
don, appealed • to the British;. House of
Lords on the plea of her peerage to pro
tect her from the intrusion of the law
officers. The Lords decided that no per
son is entitled to privilege of v peerage
against any prosecution for keeping a
gaming house. Perhaps the. most notori
ous gamestress,- however, was the Count
ess, of Buckinghamshire," who in 1797 was
fined $250 for gaming, while the man who
kept the, faro table for., her was fined
$1000. An extraordinary series of thefts
was perpetrated at the house of this dis
tinguished culprit, :. and , the • ruin of many
men was traceable to her establishment.—
Chicago News.
Titled Women Kept Gambling 1 Houses
A .Western packing company is circulat
ing the following trade circular in Eng
land, savs the New York Tribune: - ~
"To our friends across the sea we send
greeting. As the years roll by. we are
drawn nearer ¦ and nearer together, by
Christian Blood and Money Ties, and may
this ever be. We are located in a section
that -grows a pig that, for leanness and
duality comes nearer to your homegrown
and Canadian pigs than any that can be
raised In any part of the States. • We are
now putting up a class of . light fancy
English and Irish meats that, for delicacy
cf cure' and. extreme mildness, cannot be
furnished by. any other packing company
in the Great West. Xour wants can al
ways be supplied by our friends and sole
agents,- ' Messrs. — — & — —.'¦ ¦
'.'May all your ways be pleasantness, I
And all your days be peace.
"Yours truly,
: » T HE — PACKING COMPANY."
American Packers Energetic.
The Frankfurter Zeitung reports a sin
gular freak of paternal liberality in the
matter of dowry at a wadding during the
present week. The marriage took place
at Koeniggratz. On the betrothal of his
daughter Herr Duchatschek had v an
nounced "that he would give her as a mar
riage portion her weight in silver curren
cy. Accordingly, on the wedding day the
bride was formally weighed "in the draw
ing-room, in the presence of the assem
bled guests, before proceeding to church.
The lady turning the scales at sixty-two
kilograms, a sack was* at once filled, with
silver crowns to the same weight, with
half a kilogram over— for the weight of
the bag, as Herr Duchatschek _ playfully
explained. The exact number of crowns
was 13,500.— Berlin Correspondence London
Pall Mall Gazette. V " : ,\'.1 : 2\^
Her "Weight in Silver Her Dowry.
upon 1220' children* and gives the age at
¦which - they commenced' to walk, and
shculd be of interest to young mothers: ;
No. of Per
Children. Cent.
8 months . 3 * 0.8
9 months and under.......... 63 4.3
10 months and under........... 120 : 9.8
11 months and under.......... 213 17.5
12 months and under 393 32.2
13 months and under 520 42.6
14 months and under.......... 680 55.7
15 months and under.......... 803 , 65.8
16 months and under..:...".... 886 72.6
17 months and under ...... 941 . 77.1
IS months and under. ........ .1,048 85.9
19 months and under..... 1,073 85.0
20 months and under.. .1,698 90.0
21 months and under.... 11,06 90.7
22 months and under;......... 1,128 02.5
23 months and under.......... 1.135 ' 93.0
24 months and under .....1,165 • 9o.5
Interesting Statistics.
McMaster, for the prosecution, moved
that judgment be rendered on the motions
made by the prosecution to set aside the
writs of habeas corpus. Teschereau,
cdunsel for the prisoners, objected to the
motions. Judge Andrews said that since
receiving the notices last evening he had
given the latter his greatest attention and
as the case was in his hands, he would
now render judgment on the motions to
quash the habeas corpus writs. The judg
ment was a very elaborate one.
• Judge Andrews discharged the motion
for contempt against Detective Carpen
ter. In rendering judgment in this case,
the Judge remarked that the x proceedings
connected with the arrest of the accused
deserved certain censure. Judge Andrews
then stated that he had received a dec
laration from the attorneys of Gaynor and
Green, whereby they withdrew their dec
larations and informed counsel that he
was ready to hear them.
The attorneys for the United States
scored a temporary success to-day when
Judge -Andrews handed down a decision
rejecting petitions for writs of certiorari,
quashing the writs of habeas corpus and
ordering Sheriff Langelier to take Green
and Gaynor back to Montreal, where the
extradition proceedings were to be re
sumed.
QUEBEC, June 21.— There were many
moves and countermoves to-day in the
legal fight between the attorneys for Col
onel Gaynor and Captain Green, the
Americans who are wanted in Savannah
for alleged frauds in connection with har
bor, work, and the attorneys representing
the United States Government, who are
trying to secure their extradition. The
net result of It all is that Gaynor and
Green were, to-night returned to their
comfortable quarters in the Quebec jail
for eight, days, when arguments will be
heard on new habeas corpus proceedings.
Gaynor and Green Re
main in Cdmfortable
Confinement. .'
JUDGE HOLDS
THEM IS JAIL
! In general terms it may be said that
Alaska, for which the United States paid
Russia $7,200,000 in 1867, has supplied furs,
fish and gold amounting to about $150,000,
000 in value, about equally divided be
tween these three items; that the invest
ments of capital from the United States
in Alaska are probably $25,000,000, with a
large additional sum Invested in transpor
tation to that Territory, and that the an
nual shipments of merchandise to Alaska
now aggregate more than $12,000,000, and
have aggregated since the purchase near
ly or quite $100,000,000. Meantime the pop
ulation has grown from an estimated
30,000 at the date of purchase to 32,052 in
1S90, 63,592 in 1900 and an estimated 75,000
at the present time.
The number of fur seals taken on the
Pribilof Islands from 1870 to 1901 is 2,187,
317, and the value of the seal and other
furs taken since the purchase of Alaska
by the. United States is estimated at about
$30,000,000. The fur seal industry, which
has declined in the last few years, was
succeeded by the fishing industry, Alaska
now supplying about one-half of the sal
mon of the country.' The value of the
salmon pack In Alaska last year is esti
mated at , about $7,000,000, and the total
value of the fish taken in Alaska since
the purchase about $50,000,000, while the
value of gold and silver mined since the
purchase Is also about $50,000,000. V ...
The shipments of merchandise between
the United States and Alaska have been
considered as coastwise commerce and no
reports of the value of merchandise so
transported have been made to the col
lectors; while in many cases the mani
fests are so indefinite In statements of
quantity that it has been. found difficult
to obtain satisfactory ! estimates in detail
of the movements of merchandise into
and out of Alaska. The fluctuation* In
prices of the seal and other furs and the
salmon and other fish, which have been,
until recent years, the chief industries of
Alaska, jjoupled with the fact that in the
official reports only quantities were stat
ed, have In the past rendered detailed
statements of values year by year diffi
cult: The statements which are presented
as to. the industries and' their result from
a financial standpoint are the results of
careful Inquiries from collectors of cus
toms both in Alaska and the United
States by. the various Governors of Alas
ka and their subordinates and by the spe
cial agents of the Government appointed
to report upon the various industries.
The fact that statistical statements of
the commerce and conditions of Alaska
have not been regularly made in the past
renders the attempt to present a picture
of present conditions in Alaska a difficult
one. Necessarily the information is frag
mentary. Aside from the, statistics of
population published by the Census Bu
reau and statements of the number of fur
seals taken by the lessees of the-Pribllof
Islands, the number of cans of salmon
packed, and the number of fish taken as
reported by the special agent i of the
Treasury Department, and statements of
the gold production 'reported by the Mint
Bureau, little' information of a statistical
nature is available. Even these reports
are extremely meager and In most cases
the statements are simply those of quan
tity unaccompanied by estimates of value.
When the Hawaiian Islands and Porto
Rico were also made customs districts of
the United States and the collection -of
statistics of our commerce with those isl
ands was rendered impracticable, a meas
ure providing for the collection of statis
tics of trade between the United States
and all of Its non-contiguous territories
was framed by the Bureau of Statistics,
approved by the Secretary of the Treas
ury, sent to Congress, passed and signed
by the President; and beginning with the
new fiscal year the record of trade be
tween the United States and all of Its
rlon-contiguous territory will be avail
able in form similar to that of commerce
between the United States and foreign
countries. *
This statement is presented at the pres
ent moment both by reason of the grow
ing interest in -Alaska and especially be
cause of the fact, that the Bureau of Sta
tistics is, to publish In future monthly
statements . of the I commerce of Alaska
with ports of the United States. - Hereto
fore no detailed statistics of commerce
with Alaska have been obtainable be
cause, of the fact that no provision of law
existed for the collection of statistics of
commerce ¦ between customs districts of
the United States; and as Alaska was by
law a customs district such ' statistics
could not be gathered under the law.
CALL BUREAU, ;_ 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 21.—'.'Commer
cial Alaska in 1902" Is the title of a mono
graph prepared by the Treasury Bureau
of Statictlcs ; for publication in the forth
coming issue of /, the Monthly Summary.
In this the commercial conditions, oppor
tunities i and prospects in Alaska are set
forth, ¦ the number, of Industries at the
present • time, the • routes, of travel, . the
methods] of reaching that once distant
but now "accessible, Territory, and a sum
marization of the commercial and finan
cial results of ownership of that Terri
tory by the United States.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COMMAND TO PEERS.
Following is the King's command to the
peers and peeresses to attend the corona
tion:
"Whereas, the 26th day of June next 13
appointed for the Bolemnity of our royal
coronation, these are to will and com
mand you (all excuses set apart) to make
your personal attendance on us at the
time mentioned, furnished and appointed
as your rank and quality appertaineth
thereto, to do and perform all such ser
vices as shall be required and belong to
you; whereof you are not to fall, and so
we bid you most hearty farewell.
"Given at our court at St. James this
2d day of June, in the second year of our
reign.
"By his Majesty's command.
•^NORFOLK."
pared, under the direction of the superin
tendent of Indian schools, by the pupils
of the different institutions. This work,
which will show the practical education
the Government is giving its wards, is to
be displayed at the headquarters of the
Department ' of Indian Education, West
Hotel, Minneapolis. An Indian girls' man
dolin club, a band and a baseball club will
also be features of this department that
will attract much attention.
From the colonial contingents angry
protests are being registered. It appears
that the War Ofllce arranged that all the
troops specially sent to the coronation
shall,, with the exception of the cavalry,
be utilized to line the route of the proces
sion, instead of actually partaking. in It.
As the major part of the visiting con
tingents consist of infantry, the arrange
ment has created bitter disappointment.
The Governor General of Canada,
Earl Minto, the High Commissioner of
the Canadians/Lord Strathcona, and Lord
Pellat, in command of the Canadians, are
doing their utmost to induce the War
Office to allow the cojonial troops to take
part in the procession as units, regardless
of the arm of the service to which they
may belong.
Alexandra Park, where the' colonial
troops are encamped, is now a perfect
morass, thanks to the heavy rains. The
accommodations for the troops are inade
quate and many of the officers, refusing
to stay in the tents, have taken rooms
near by. ¦
ANGRY PROTESTS.
CORONATION GAMBLE.
A brisk business was this week done at
Lloyd's in the coronation gamble. The
odds given were 100 to 3 against the event
occurring, or to use the technical expres
sion, the rates on the risk of the King
living until June 26 ruled at 3 per cent
premium. Many thousands of pounds
sterling were underwritten on this basis.
This shows to what extent the public
nervousness has, grown in certaiu. circles.
Careful investigation reveals that there Is
no ground for believing that the King's
health Is any worse than the official re
ports Indicated. His nerves were rather
upset by the unfortunate illness at Aider
shot, and every precaution is being: taken
to prevent a recurrence of such a sudden
indisposition, j .
In the meantime preparations for the
crowning hurry on apace. Such Illumina
tions, festooning and beflagging as will
mark coronation day, Thursday next,
have never before been seen in London.
Some of the most elaborate displays of
the metropolis will be by American firms
doing business here.
"Further complications have been avoid
ed thus far. The King takes dally drives
In a closed carriage, and the present op
inion of his advisers is that it will be
possible for him to undergo the corona
tion ceremonies on Thursday next."
"On Sunday the King remained In bed,
and on Monday he had so far recovered
that he was able to be taken to "Windsor,
reclining upon an improvised couch in a
closed carriage. The medical attendants
felt considerable anxiety on" account of the
twitching of the muscles of the face. This
sympton continued on Tuesday: morning
and was followed after noon by a slight
stroke of paralysis of the left side..
The most circumstantial of the reports
concerning the King's health is the fol
lowing, the authority for which Is named
as being "a personage In attendance on
his Majesty": • : ; "
"For months pastille health of the King
has been far from good, and the strain
Imposed by preparations for the corona
tion culminated a week ago , In a severe
nervous breakdown. This was followed
on Tuesday last by a stroke of paralysis.
On Saturday last the King, against the
advice of Dr. Laking, declared himself to
be able, and attended the military review
at Aldershot. During that afternoon his
Majesty complained of a headache and of
weariness, but he refused' to retire. Later
In the evening a serious collapse, mental
and physical, followed. . ' . .
LONDON, June 21.— King Edward,. has
completely recovered his health and has
now arranged for the court to return to
London onMonday.' < ¦¦:'.' ;•:/' '"'.•
Important , Figures*-'; Obtained
as to Conditions r of
Commerce
British Ruler Is Said to Have
Recently Suffered From *
Paralysis.
Arranges for Hhe Return
of the Qourt to
London.
Statistical Report Shows
. < Progress of, the ..
Territory.
ALASKA MAKES
RAPID ADVANCE
KING EDWARD
REGAINS HEALTH
• ¦ - ¦¦:¦¦ -¦¦¦-- -- - ------ ¦¦¦¦._-.-. - .- . ¦ .1 ¦..-.,-, . .•..¦-¦-.¦..;..•.•.¦ ; ¦ .-. .
THE SAIsTT FRANCISCO CALL,, STJjNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
Baroness Burdett-Coutts, now 88 years
old, Intends to look at King Edward
VII's coronation procession out of the
same windows from which she looked on
Queen Victoria's, sixty-four years ago.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The silk owners
of Hudson County, New Jersey, met In
this city and decided to open the mills
Monday morning. The mills have been
shut down since the Paterson troubles
began. The owners have asked the Hud
son County authorities to give them pro
tection when the mills open.
Two hundred magazine rifles of the lat
est pattern arrived at police headquarters
to-day. The weapons were purchased by
order of Mayor Hinchdlffe. "With the
rifles came a large consignment of ball
cartridges. There .are now rifles enough
stored at headquarters for the Mayor at
a moment's notice to put in the hands of
his 104 policemen, his forty members of
the fire department and nearly If not all
of the special deputies recently sworn in
for riot duty by the Sheriff of Passaic
County.
24
j Th& pjrs&te^t *»&le that ha*> been
Ycohdijsttkd in Jb.Kfor' isyearA,
I Crowds continue to flock at the closing out sale of Komb^rg, btrauss &
rFrohman. Both ihe Post and Market street stores are jammed to the doors.
*. Hotel keepers, boarding-house 'keepers and ; homekeepers, not only from San
I Francisco but also from Berkeley.- Alameda,, Oakland and San . Rafael and all
|nearby towns, are taking advantage of the tremendous reductions in blankets,
[sheets, pillow cases, curtains and domestics. Tremendous savings also in dress
f g;oods, silks, tailor-made suits, separate skirts, silk waists, - shirt waists, laces,
1 Gome in the mornings if y.ou can— plenty of sal esf oiks here to serve you.
[ Prompt delivery guaranteed. ' ' '" ' l'^
I Remember that Dress Goods and Domestics
are on safe only at Market-street store.
I All other goods for sale at both stores. ..
9 Doors open from 9 a. m. until 6 p. m.
n ¦ mm mB^ m * ' "^^^ - m - '• i
\ 107^109 Vo^I *ir " aLJtugg a^ggg!gBg^ '
1 2 : 2 raa^Rer At: Tjs&s^flljjjm*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE COOL ONE— Simplest thing in the world. I keep cool and clean inside,
and that makes me feel cod and clean outside. I take a CASCARET Candy
Cathartic every night before jjoing to bed. dt cleans and purifies, the system,
Btops hot fermentation in the stomach and bowels, and makes excessive per-
epiration impossible. You know they wor?i while you sleep, make you feel
Aim all day, us
THE HOT ONE— I don't see how you keep so cool and comfortable this
blistering weather, . ••
KEMP'S STJPPOSITOItrES.
A WAY T|BEAUTT.
¦jS^^%Stbt Why have your skin
- /fiflP™ l SAjJa t . ' : . disfigured with those ob-
Sp .- '\Bt ' ¦'¦ noxious blotches called
<VH. ,m MtSM "pimples? Are you aware
•SM •*!!¦ f^xf ." that they are only caused
ill >—<4.ii1i#i by • a poor circulation,
\M kiSsST which is the result of dis-
ityl^?p!ii* eased generative organs?
'si^titetow A woman Jn& y be > 1° feat-
/jNsl^jkvifck^ : ure an( i in -form, a perfect
v&SSSsSn! f^^VFlStk. Grecian goddess, but if
'^^^^Sj^'iteftftnw .her face is marred by
H hideous- pimples and
*^*®^§J\ Mm blackheads - she cannot
, : .-. :•.-'¦ •• ., help but be distasteful, to
the eyes ¦ of people around . her, % as well as all
with -whom > she may. come- in contact: All
the Ekin lotions and cosmetics ever made can-
not cure pimples. Perhaps you are in despair,
because the - various tonics and ¦. skin I A foods
which you have used have failed to benefit 'you,
for the very simple reason that they have been
unable to reach, the seat of the disease, name-
ly, •. the ' generative ¦ organs. •¦; If " euch .' is your
case, do riot : be • discouraged, bu» use Kemp's
Suppositories. .< a • local -treatment, which, as it
contains no opiates I to . stupefy or benumb the
sensitive parts, strengthens and' develops the
diseased 'organs, K thereby promoting a healthy
circulation and thus banishing "unsightly com-
plexions by doing the ; work . which all the ac-
cessories to the toilet ¦ table cannot da
" .1 SAN J FRANCISCO, Cal. >
; K. : S. C. Medical Co. — Dear Sirs : About a
year ago I was suffering severely from whites,-
while my- face was covered with small, ob-'
noxious pimples. I took several bottles of a
well-known blood. tonic, but,' as it did not seem
to, do me any good, I decided to use Kemp'3
Suppositories. ¦ After three months' continuous
use I came to the conclusion that' Kemp's Sup-:
positories was a remedy that could always be
relied upon./ MISS T. D. DONDERO.
s $1000 offered to any. one who can. prove that
the above ', testimonial is ; not genuine. • . ;
30 Kemp's: Suppositories,. $2.\ *Sent"to : any
address, postpaid, on receipt of price. , Put up
only by the . - . < . -
K.S.C. Medical Go,, 1236 Market, Cor, Jones
¦.'» ' Hours, . 9 to , 5, 6 to 7 :30 < p. • m. ; Sundays,
11 to 1 p. m. / , ¦
Kemp's Suppositories ¦ have been sold under
a full guarantee for the past 12 years. Agents
wanted everywhere.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J San Franciaco. Sunday. 22 June. 1002.
Cane seat diner, $2.00
Here's a substantial dining chair, imite pleasing in
'design. Built of oak, golden finish, with cane seat and
seven spindles in back. Brace arms add great strength
to the constraction at points where greatest strength is
needed. Price, £2.00. You may have an idea of your
own about dining chairs? And more than likely you'll
. find it expressed right here in our line. -Come and see.
The newcosy corner accessories on the third floor
are a little more pleasing and interesting than any we've
shown before. Oriental masks, $1.35 to 31.75 each.
Trophies for wall decorations, $5.50 and upwards. Hal-
berds, Si-25 to $1.50 each. Venetian lamps, $1.35 and
upwards.
"Rcrxbury" carpets are making hosts of new friends
cvtry day. People who know the value of carpets ap-
preciate the opportunity that is now offered them. Six
bits the yard sewed, lined and laid. Our entire line.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street. Qpp. Golden Gate Avenue.
I wc< I idi i 1 w u rcb i
H - 'To place your case in my hands is to be
I] _j«*d£f!^^iter«a^ ' curc d soundly and permanently. I have
0 v^sliiiP^^^^W *° np: s * nce ceased to experiment. My meth-
» (wMtftll \ ° ds Oi treatment have been developed to
1 WWM Perfection. When I have examined a case.
I ilif^f /^^fi* l know exactly what I will be able to ac-
M ffV^ "*"!? Vi complish. 'and 1 accept no case in which I
II W<v^« *C*»^ have the least doubt aa to my ability to
H lai^ >^^^Sv* cure - I treat private diseases of |
I Men Only.
1 /\^<=^\ A "WeaKncss," Varicccde, Hydro-
1 / y\^7 v-J ede, Contracted Disorders, Specific
1 dr. o. c^oslen, Blood Poison, Stricture, Piles and
I The Leading Specialist* All RdlCX AHmCntS.
H "Weakness" Positively and Permanently Cured. |
|| My success In permanently curing that condition commonly known as "weak- t
la ness fully demonstrates the absolute correctness of my method of treatment, f
m which is a method employed by myself alcne. I do not stimulate the functions
|*J to temporary activity by the use of strong internal tonics. This is the course
H commonly pursued by both general practitioners and specialists, and Is a treat-
fa ment that cannot possibly result in a permanent cure. "Weakness" ia merely a
|J symptom, of chronic; Inflammation in the prostate gland, brought on by excesses,
i| early dissipation or by the improper treatment of some contracted disease. A ¦
gj complete and radical cure is, therefore, a question of restoring the prostate gland *
{§ to its normal state, and this I accomplish promptly and completely; without the
I use of Internal remedies* . My treatment is a local one entirely. It Is original and
g scientific, and has been proven absolutely effective by thousands of tests. I am
convinced." that by no other methods can full and permanent, restoration of
strength andt vigor be accomplished.
••1;Wi!!;W^itfprMy Fee Until You Are Well
.' I invite all afflicted men to consult My pamphlet, "Live All Tour
9 me. For this I make no charge, and Tears a Man," will • be mailed free
¦". am often able to render helpful ad- on application. It Is a brief treatise
vice. " Those finding it inconvenient on men's diseases that will be found
to -call may write regarding their - interesting: and instructive and will
cases - , assist in making a home diagnosis.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN,
1049 MARKET ST., Diagonally Opposite Hibernia Bank.
.Office Hours— 9 a.m. to 4 p. m. and 7 to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 12.The London postoffices are now using
girls as well as boys for the express mes"
senger service. The girls must be over 18
years old, and they get 13 shillings a
week.
St. Boniface Church on Golden Gate
avenue, the beautiful 'new edifice of the"
German Catholics, is to be dedicated this
morning at 10 o'clock by His Grace, Arch
bishop P. W. : Riordan. He will be as
sisted by Right Rev. Bishop George
Montgomery of Los Angeles and Moh
signor Julius Chatron, Bishop of North
Japan. A large number of priests . from
this city and the interior will also be
present. An augmented choir, under the
direction of Professor John B. Mayle,
will furnish the music. At 7:30 in the
evening there will be special services and
a procession with the blessed sacrament.
Rev. P. Victor Aerkter, O. F. M., of
Los Angeles, who was one of the three
Franciscan Fathers to take charge of St.-
Boniface parish in 1887, will deliver the
English • sermon at ; the pontifical high
mass at 10 o'clock.
The monthly choral service at the Cal
ifornia Street M. E. Church will be ren
dered by a choir of twenty-five voices un
der the direction of Robert Lloyd this
evening. Services at other churches are
as follows:
Simpson Memorial M.E.— Morning,, "The
Elaborate Ceremony
Takes Placfe To-Day
at St. Boniface's.
SPLENDID CHURCH
TO BE DEDICATED
One of the most ¦ interesting . and Im
portant weddings -that has taken place,
in the Hawaiian Islands for some tini"*
, was of Miss Mary Rice, whose
father is one of the leading and most
wealthy residents of the islands, . and
Walter Scott of San: Francisco. ' i
The ; wedding -took--' place aU.the ¦Ric'e
plantation of Kanai, and a special steam
er was chartered to take 150 of tho bride's
friends from Honolulu to the plantation.
Miss Georgie Spieker of this city was
among the party that left San Francisco
for the - wedding and was on 3 of the
bridesmaids. Harry T. Scott of this city
vias best man, and Miss Anna Rice was
maid of honor. Miss Bernice Kopka'was
one of the bridesmaids.
Mrs. Scott is a graduate of Mills Col
lege and has many friends in i3an Fran
cisco. -:'$'&'
* ? ?
At Holly Oaks, Sausalito, progressive
euchre, seems to have the preference over,
all other evening games. During. the last
week prizes were awarded to Mrs. F.
Robbins and Mr. and Mrs. A; J. Cole
man. Those who participated in the
games were Mrs. Bryan Crowley, Mr. and
Mrs. L. Scott, Miss Gertrude Coleman.
Miss Louise Peterson and Mr. and Mrs.
A. J. Coleman. - •" . ;
Mrs. Martin gave a luncheon at the
Palace-/ Hotel on Friday. Among those
present were Mrs. Salisbury, Mrs. Oxnard,
Mrs. Sprague, Mrs. Robert Oxnard and
Mr. Greenway.
Mrs. James A. "Black has left the Hotel
Rafael for St. Cloud River. At present
there are many tourists there and anglers
are in the vicinity in large numbers.
The Countess Festetics is summering at
the Tuxedo Club, Tuxedo, N. Y.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. McNear are at
present at the Elysee Palace Hotel, Paris.
Prince and Princess Hatzfeld ' are In
London and were entertained at a dinner
party given by Mrs. Francis H. Leggett,
Berkley Square, last week.
" Miss Hobbs, daughter of Major Hobbs,
Artillery Corps, gave a luncheon at the
Presidio on Friday to Miss Margaret Ang
lin. .
, Miss Gertrude Atherton was the guest
at a luncheon given by Mrs. Harry Men
dell at San Rafael last Thursday.
Mr. and Mrs. Grove P. Ayers and Miss
Caroline Ayers have taken the Campbell
place at Mertlo.
*-¦':. * / '-r- *
A society affair of last week at Belve
dere was the progressive euchre card
party given at the Hotel Belvedere.
• :;¦¦•¦:- •
Miss Edith Huntlngton has returned to
San Francisco from San Rafael, where she
has been on a visit to Dr. and Mrs. James
A. Black.
Mrs. R. P. Schwerin gave a luncheon at
her home at San Mateo last Tuesday. The
table was profusely decorated with j pink
sweet peas.. Among those present were:
Mrs. Hyde Smith, Mrs. Jessie Bowie
Dietrich, Mrs. Rpbert Oxnard, Mrs.
George Lent, Mrs. Babcock and Mrs. C.
R. Winslow.
*¦¦>/. *,\ •
The wedding of , Miss Kathleen Fallon
and George J. Butler will take place at
St.- Brigid's Church Tuesday, June 24, at
high noon.
* • . •
¦ While .clubs are having a vacation, Mrs.
M. D. Hamilton of Los Angeles has been
working diligently editing, and publishing
tho latest ."California Club Womahij^, the
July and August numbers comTbined.!''"- This
magazine has been adopted as the" offi
cial organ of the executive board of the
California Federation of Women's Clubs,
and official organ of the State of Cali
fornia's organizations of the International
Sunshine Society. News of the different
States is published every month in the
Sunshine Bulletin by Mrs. Westover
Alden. '. • •
• -:;.•. ¦• •
Mr. and Mrs. Harwood Morgan of Seat
tle- have issued invitations for the mar
riage of their daughter, Miss Adeline
Starring Morgan, to Percy Howard
O'Brien, a weil-known attorney of San
Francisco. The wedding will take place
on Tuesday, June 24, at St. Mark's
Church.
* • *
Mrs. Henry Wetherbee left yesterday
for' the Yosemite. She will have as her
guests Mrs. Farnham, Mrs. Martin, Miss
Bessie Martin, Miss Kip, Lieutenant Kip
and Joseph Rosborough.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Levy announce the en
gagement . of their daughter Elsie Doro
thy to Henry" Kasper.
Miss Gwinnette Henley has left for Los
Angeles, where she ¦will be the guest of
Miss Alice Graves for a month. Her
hostess is the daughter of J. A. Graves,
a prominent attorney in that city.
Mrs. Jackson and her son s have returned
from Harbin Springs.
Mrs. Max Kolander is . spending her
vacation at Petaluma, where she is visit
ing friends.
Mrs. G. Gunzendorfer cf this city .is at
her country "ilia . in the Santa Cruz
Mountains and has for guests Mrs. Henry
Norman and nephew of New York City,
Mrs. James Mallory and son of St. Louis,
Mo., and Mrs. George W. Jackson and
daughter of San Francisco.
Mrs. F. J. Black has left on a visit to
Cincinnati, Ohio, her 61d home. She'ex
pects to be gone about three months.
SAN FRANCISCAN
WEDS WEALTHY
HAWAIIAN BELLE
A Sirl that cant sing and will sing
ehould be muzzled.
DES MOIKES, Iowa. June^ ZL-James
Gallagher was murdered at River Junc
tion iast" night. Mrs. Gallagher was
chloroformed and her husband shot in
the head.
. The probable motive for the murder was
revenge. The assassin reached over two
children who were sleeping with Mr. and
Mrs. Gallagher, placed a revolver at Gal
lapher's ear and fired. _,',--. t«._
MUSCATINE, Iowa, June 2L— Charles
HollMay, alias Harry Moore, was arrest
ed to-day for the murder of James Gal
lagher. The arrest caused great excite
ment and an effort was made to lynch
Holliday. but he was spirited away to
Iowa City.
Brutal and Mysterious
Crime That Arouses
Iowans.
The trial was held under the most com
plicated conditions. There was a high
wind blowing at the time and the crowd
was so dense that it gave the juggler
little room In which to move around.
After the trick was done Bedini said it
was the hardest he had ever performed,
and he felt quite jubilant over the result.
One of the turnips hit him near the right
eye, and he will carry around a decorated
face for jsome time to come.
It looked good to the crowd arid all eyes
were focused upon it as it rapidly ap
proached the little man who held the two
pronged fork between his teeth. .It seemed
to come straight to its mark and the Jug
gler steadied himself for the daring
catch. A mighty shout went up as
Bedini made a last effort and stabbed
the turnip square In the. center.
JUGGLER WHO PERFORMED
A SPECTACULAR DEED ON
MARKET STREET. /v'
THE grallant Ned Greenway is shy
six cases of his moist goods and
John Morrisey Is busily ergag-ed
in telling all his friends of his
wisdom. Jean • Bedini, the world
fr.raed juggler, appearing at the Orpheum.
i<= Morrisey's real candy agd Greenway's
b;:d actor. Greenway bet the theatrical
ir.anager six cases of wine that the jug
pier could not impale on a fork held be
tween his teeth a turnip dropped from the
dome of The Call building. Morrisey
v.as game and took a chance, and the five
thousand or so who were on the spot yes
terday noon saw what an easy money.
cinch it was for the footlights director.
When the long fingers of the town clocks
pointed to the hour of noon the lampers
and rubbernecks began to hold an outdoor
meetiEg in and around The Call build-
Ing. The free lunch counters were
ignored and the various cafes and restau
rants failed to do any business. When
i2:lo finally arrived fully 5000 pieces of hu
rrssity were working their lamps to ex
tremes as Bedini gave the high sign for
the first turnla.
Chief Engineer "Wolters of The Call
building was named to pass down the
vegetables, and the chief has a mysteri
cus kind cf a delivery which Morrisey
failed to put the juggler wise to. The
turn:?, which was wrapped in twine to
keep it from splitting, began its little high j
dive stunt and lit safely in the large I
crowd en Market street.
Scire one called "Strike one."-¦while-an
cifcer said "Wild pitch." but both were
given the marble look by those present,
tnd the next turnip was hurled down
ward. This also -went wide of Its mark
end Hiar.y thought the chief was a ringer.
Six more were thrown, but all lit where
Bodiiai could not reach them, and then
final preparations were made for a good
cne over the plate.
The chief at the top of the house care
fully took his bearings, wound his arm
like a windmill and dug some dust out
cf his peepers. The juggler in the dis
tance gave a buffalo sign and the turnip
began to descend like a rocket.
MAN MURDERED,
WIFE DRUGGED
Juggler Bedini Catches on Fork a Turnip
Dropped From Dome of Call Building.
SUCCESSFULLY PERFORMS
MOST WONDERFUL FEAT
Matricide May 3e a Maniac.
SALINAS, June 21.— John McCarthy,
who killed his mother in Castroville on
May 16, is seemingly a maniac. For near
ly two weeks he has been violent, keeping
up a constant screaming and shouting ana
annoying his fellow prisoners with wild
talk about his extraordinary powers. H»
declares that ho is commissioned to de
stroy the Jail first, then Monterey County
and finally the world. It la said the Dis
trict Attorney has asked that the matri
cide be examined by the Insanity Com
mission to determine -whether ho Is sham
ming or not.
ure of the oil supply of Beaumont is ex
pected, and that is the reason that his
corporation has not taken a more lively
interest in that section.
Concerning the progress of the Kern
County oil refineries the Bakersfield Cali
fornian says:
The refineries being built In the Kern River
field are all making satisfactory progress
toward twmpletion, the one farthest advanced
being the Union, which is also the largest. It
Is stated that it -will start its fires next Sun
day mornins. bi^t this information is accom
panied by the statement that the date may be
a few days later. Th« Union has six great
stills and has just finished putting in its third
3500-barrel tank.- It Is situated on the rail
road near the. Standard's storage tanks and a
track runs the length of an immense iron ware
house, enabling all the work to be done under
cover. The King Company is showing much
activity in the preliminary excavations for Ita
refinery and from present Indications will not
allow any time to be wasted before gettin?
Into shape to handle oil. A large force of men
Is engaged at work.
Consolidation of oil Interests Is taking
place in Texas on lines similar to those
laid down In California. Several Texaa
companies have combined to form the
Star Oil Company, which has an author
ized capital of $10,000,000. The amalgamat
ed company has a pipe line eighteen miles
long, leading from its wells to Port Ar- .
thur; four storage tanks of 50,000 barrels
capacity each, two 33.000-barrel tanks,
thirty-two large settling tanks, and Is now
building additional storage tanks, accord
ing to the reports, that will aggregate a
capacity of 650,000 barrels. The movers
in the enterprise are principally men from
Iowa. ¦
The pipe line of the Standard Oil Com
pany, coming north from Bakersfleld to
tide water on the bay, has reached Ken
r.ell, Kern County, about forty miles
south of Hanford. The construction prog
ress on the line is at the rate of about
one mile per day. Below Hanford nearly
300 men are employed. The force will be
Increased to double its present size. • To
push the work the force is divided into
four gangs. The first puts the pipe to
gether, the next digs the trenches, which
are two feet wide and about three feet
deep on the average; the third wraps the
plpo in a prepared covering to protect it,
and then the fourth fills up. the trenches.
The work is systematized, and this en
ables the company to progress atithe rate
of thirty miles each month on the way to
the bay of San Francisco.
Talk about the proposed McDonald rail
road from the Kern River oil field to the
ccean at Port Harford continues. All
sorts of predictions are made concerning
the price at which oil will be transported
to Port Harford. The Bakersfleld Cali
fornian says that a freight rate of 15
cents per barrel is promised. The- same
paper says that a survey has been partly
completed and that the entire length of
the proposed line is 115 miles. . .
An official of the Standard Oil Company
is reported by the Los Angeles Herald to
have said in New York that an early fail-
Standard's Big Conduit
Is Being Rapidly
Completed.
LINE ADVANCES
MILE PER DAY
Cornelius Visits San Jose "CTnion.
SAN JOSE, June 21.— The local street
car' employes, who recently organized a
union, have been asked to join the Amal
gamated Association of. Street- Railway
Employes. President Richard Cornelius
of the San . Francisco branch was here
last night, and to-day and met the officers
of, the local union. The employes on both
of the ' roads here recently obtained | an
advance in wages* and no significance
would attach, to their joining the nation
al organization.. * ... ..-V*"rl :
CALIFOKNTIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 21.— The following
Calif ornians have arrived: Misses Allyn,'
Mrs. J. W. Allyn, at the Holland; J. E.
Britt and wife, at the Grand Union; H.
R. P. Vail, at the Vendome; Mrs. Clem
ent, at the Empire; Mrs. M. Foster, J. S.
Hamilton, at the St. George; W. Grant, at
the Imperial ; . W. B. Peck, . at the Man
hattan; Miss I. Wethere, at the St. Denis:
B. Wood and wife, at the Cosmopolitan.
Los • Angeles— M. ¦ E. Jordan, W. E.
Brown, at the Imperial: W. H. Cromwell
and wife, at the Grand Union.
C. B. Blethen of the Seattle Times is at
the Grand.
T. H. Donovan, a merchant of Ventura,
is at the Grand.
Senator A. E. Nutt of San -Diego Coun
ty is at the Grand.
\V. L. Wetts, a civil engineer of Los
Angeles, is. at the Lick.
: Dr. L. P. Hall of Dixori is at the Grand,
accompanied by his wife.
The Rev. C. E. Spaldlng, D. D., of Cor
onado is at the Occidental. ;
Samuel Tyack, a mining man of Car
ters, is registered at the Lick.
E. J. Devlin, a Sacramento attorney, Is
at the California, accompanied by his
wife.
C. H. Blumer, State Veterinarian, with
headquarters at Sacramento, is at the
Grand.
George B. Noble, a well known raisin
manufacturer of Fresno, is at the Oc
cidental.
Daniel Frawley, the well known actor,
arrived in this city yesterday. He Is at
the Occidental.
S. Bert Cohen, an extensive merchant of
Carson City, is hero on a short business
trip. He has made his .headquarters at
the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Gift' of a Kingdom"; evening, "Manliness is
True Godliness." Pastor, Rev. John Stephens.
Epworth M. E. — Morning, "The Christian
Hope a Sure Anchorage"; evening:, "The Wis
dom of the Plan of Salvation."
Howard Street M. E. — Morning, "The Stan
dard of Christian Life" ; evening, a great
chlldren"s day celebration. Pastor, Rev. John
A. B. "Wilson.
Richmond M. E.— Evening, "The Valley of
Decision." Pastor Rev. F. W. Lloyd.
First M. E. — Mornins. "How Can These
Things Be? "What Is That to Thee?"; even-"
ing, "The Young- Man as Husba.nd."
First Congregational — Morning-, "They Also
Serve Who Only Stand and Wait"; evening;
"No Impossiblties." Pastor, Rev. George C.
Adams.
Richmond Congregational — Morning, preach-,
ing by Rev. George Moore; evening, same.
First United Presbyterian— Morning, "Cheer
Promises"; evening, "Keeping, the Heart."
Pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell.
First Unitarian — Morning. "Righteousness,"
by Rev. George W. Stone.
Emanuel Evangelical — Morning, "Interces
sion in Prayer"; evening, "A Friend Who
Never Falls." Pastor. Rev. F. W. Fischer.
First English Lutheran — Morning, preaching
by Rev. R. F. Weldner; evening, preaching
by pastor. Rev. E. Nelander.
A. M. ,E. Zlon — Morning, preaching by tKe
pastor,' Rev. T. Brown ; evening, same.
Y. M. C. A. — Afternoon. "The Young Man
in His Own Mind," by Rev. F. M. Larkln.
QUEEN OF THE SAN
RAiFAEL STEEET FAIR
Miss Margaret O'Brien Wins the
Honor in a Spirited Voting Con
test.
SATST RAFAEL, June 21.— The contest for
queen of the San Rafael street fair and
carnival closed at 10 o'clock to-night.
There were many aspirants for the honor,
but In the last few days the choice nar
rowed down to the Misses Eva Lyon, Mar
garet O'Brien, Amelia Laviosa and Mary
Ross. Up to the final hour no one of
the contestants was certain of victory.
Large-blocks of votes would be purchased
by the friends of each In order to put
their choice in the lead. When the final
vote was counted it was found that Miss
Margaret O'Brien was the successful one.
with 6286 votes. Miss Amelia Laviosa was
6econd \ with 5149 votes. The total vote
cast was 14,567. . .
The three men in a" buggy who, held vp
Attorney T. E. Pawlicki at Van Ness ave
nue and Post street about 10:30 o'clock
Friday night attempted to hold up M. iJ.
Levy of 2003 California street at Sutter
and Goush streets a few minutes later.
Levy was walking with his wife up Gough
street from Geary and at Post street a
buggy containing three men drove up at a
furious gait and turned up Gough street.
When Levy and his wife reached within
fifteen feet of the" corner of Sutter street
a man holding a revolver in his hand and
with the lower part of his face covered
with a white handkerchief approached. ¦
Levy, divining ! the man's ".. purpose,
struck him a vicious blow in the stomach
and another on the body. Another man
came up and Levy fought them both till
the man with the mask fell back toward
the corner followed, by the other • man.
When Levy reached the corner he saw
the two men Jump Into a buggy In which
a third man v.as seated and they drove
vest on Sutter street. Levy ran after the
buggry till he saw it pass Laguna street.
He returned and found that his wife had
fainted and had been taken into the Ma
jestic Hotel. Police whistles were blown
all the time, but no officer appeared.
Detectives Reynolds and Riordan, who
were detailed on the case, discovered that
the horse and buggy, which were found
at O'Fsxrell and Gough streets by Police
man Harris, had been stolen from Bush
and Dupont streets about 7 o'clock Friday
night and belonged to H. Schottler & Co
605 Clay street. -.- :". ¦.,/.. *'
Intended Victim Battles
With Thugs and
They Run.
ROBBERS FLEE
IN STOLEN RIG
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
25
i r ,^^W ¦^ nc ' ' sma^ e expressly for us by the best manufac- |
1 JSSiHi P^m : : turers. Nothing stinted. All made full width and 1
i MW 1 ft !|1^S : length. Twenty years in handling Underwear has ]
I Ji|f 1 1 lir taught us all the defects.' The drawers or tights 1
I JlllF iXfff ilia are u " w^h' wft* 1 w *de 'ep seat. Tight fitting 1
Sffiffiff ¦ ¦ si I! Ill HHk. belts. -The arms are full length, woven in at j
/ ¦ t ' ie shoulders by the. newest patent Goodman knit- 1
I" \^^^^^^^i t' n g machine, which makes them perfect in fit. t
' df/SjZ&r- f^ \ ii^^^/M LADIES' VESTS, made of the best. ' T,flflv'«l Sl'lir VP<jt IRp LADIES' UNION SUITS, high neck, I
wS3>SSt>££/* "** S> '^Zo&W Alabama cotton, Richelieu ribbed, low. Ijau J ° °f m J IWI *Uvi • i on g sleeves, ankle length, made of soft M
neck, no sleeves, neck and armhole Low neck, no sleevea, made of. the best bleached XX. American cotton, button H
! • crocheted and run through with wash- mercerized silk, Jersey or Richelieu rib- down the front. If we did not have fa
¦ ¦":- able tape; colors, pink and blue. Joe bed, finished with a hand crocheted these garments made expressly for usH
¦ Cwv^^V*M v Rosenberg, the price cutter's price. 10c • edge, run through with silk tape. Our .you would pay double the price ;>Oe tj
a •..•¦•; i&£j$fe8O&'' ANOTHER— LADIES' VESTS, low low prices keep us busy. Special 45c LADIES' UNION SUITS, low neck, no H
--¦' i^P^iil?^ - - ] "reck; no sleeves,, made' of soft bleach LADIES' TIGHTS, made of fast black sleeves, knee length, neck and armholes la
"^".' ' Belfast cotton, Jersey and Richelieu South Sea Island cotton, open, full flap finished with crochet beading, run M
mi : -?££M A -i ."*• ribbed, neck and armhole finished with seat; ankle length, tight fitting Jer- through with silk tape. Pants finished H
m Vpru WnnfiOnmfl PmhrftirioTio'' and Tanac nne torchon lace; also has beading with sey top, finished with crocheted edge with a 4-inch wide crocheted lace. New K|
m IClJf UttllUOUIllC IilllUlUlllCHO dllU LatCb tape run through; soft as velvet; inex- and run throughwith tape. More than style suit, just the garment for country H
Pe at Votu Tit'tlo Drinac pensive .'.'.. — ..12V£e" even exchange for your money 50c wear; must be seen to be appreciated. H
El " > ttl XCaj liltllu rillcb. . STILL ANOTHER— LADIES' VESTS, iT - j x .'.--. l v V - . Why not buy them now at thi» low y
i ft - Probably every woman high.neck, long sleeves; also high neck, Wlieil ID DOUM BUV Of JOB EOSSIlberl prlce ' 50c H
F1 Kd who glances at this adv. short sleeves; made of the best soft jj t^ ,1 Qalo nf Mni»a Than Daeeinrf Tntovoot B!
M «S®^ has from one to a dozen bleach French cotton, Jersey " ribbed. , His styles In VEILING are always A 0010 01 11016 lllall rttSSlUg lIlL6r6SL S
H KWeT uses for embroideries neck crocheted, run through with wash- correct and his prices- always lowest. tn 111 Frnnnmiral Wnmon -J
i Sll and laces this month able tape, summer weight, cool and com- This week we have LADIES' BEAU- 10 All bCOIlOIIllCai nOffleD. |j
i &W*L^ Shirt waists, under- fortable; only ..: :23c or COMPLEXION j VEILS, a manufacturers' line of undernrasllna H
m r 5^-?^ wear > children's gar- mrxn M]vvv f\V JTT T ™%£ in fl«t1«H 3^ h™5 if direct from our factory to you at prices H
I /T«<W^ S^ 3 /"demand 6 it. . 1HE yULtili Of fiLL ! meg. in^dotted. fl^wd or barred ef- below the co3t you fo p r tne |
!^S&§ do Un ro" a th 0 ,nlTTf en d3[S2 THE LADY WARWICK GLOVE, u^f oT dSjTa^k, tan a^d materials. LADIES'!
H HSP^sP^ their ; own sewing still They are made of very best Quality .white. Joe Rosenberg's way of seHlng ££ SKIRTS made of bert »
E3 delight to trim their own picked lambskin, "Paris Point," stitched « veus, now ••¦• — 5C fj\ Lonsdale cambric, deep H
m undermuslins, buying the plain gar- back, one clasp fac-slmlle of Dent, . HI tucked flounce, trim- H
m ir.ents ready-made and choosing thoir pique sewn; colors, tan, brown or red. ¦ lUttPPCrS JS1. ZO. / U'B^s nied with Insertions of H
if own lace and embroideries on such fa- Equal to any $150 glove. I\ow g»l. A *<* J^ v ?* « * i JiL.&n-fA torchon lace, edged S
II vorable occasions as this. ¦: . I TmiPI trt NatlirA nf ?Wu,£fll «? ™^-^ /^rJ&Xm with lace to match, ex- H
i First-We have NORMANDY LACE, A A OUCH 10 MluTe. VL. of thinking f-^^P" < 0lg2sSjJ&. i tra dust ruffle, full |j
M made of the best quality thread, in all i The new MARIE ANTOIN- K32H BARGAINS Thpvarp mart? length and width U
H newest patterns, good, strong, washa- % ETTE HIP FORM and BUS- Ol of best aualitv lawn full MsSaKSffiSF' SI 19 H
ffl ble edere, 4 inches wide. Actual value JTS. TLE. Delight of all tailors VV^A front fitted back wai"t lined CS *^**«^' SOMT: MORE LA- Pi
| 20c, now 12ttc . T%j& and dressmakers, as it does . YM 1 * a nd trimmed i with lawn ruf-- DIESV SKIRTS made S
i „ n L i m away with all unsightly an- J Ht\\- fl"^ , SShed^ with neat em- ° f Quality "Fruit of the Loom" muslin, H
14 5 CeiltS aild a. WOIlder rV sles and L ro , un !>, « * i^ g ~ J! \ broidery edge, skirt flounce dee P tucked flounce with edge of good. W
M 0 V0U10, Uliu a IIVUUOI. ., r, j ure, producing the effect de- // \ trimme a, new sleeve, embroi- strong button hole edge embroidery, ex- M
§1 EMBROIDERY, good quality cambric. [|7\ sired In prevailing fashions. /J. \ de ry insertion trimmed. Oth- tra dust ruffle. Full length and width. M
n strong button-hole edge, openwork pat- , M£k It is made of best quality ___ ask »i ca onr askine Manufacturer's price ns<> M
B terr.sf 4 inches wide. Priced beyond -J&SL hair cloth and filled with best. nrice SI of Sale, O'Farrell-st. Entrance. H
H competition ...5c pure, . sterilized curled, hair. priie>1> jpx.^so <]
I • ANOTHER-Very best cambric em- , „ "sht'ln weight, only weigh- ttt n « QC Wp iflvPPti^P rfflg-rODg. FlDg-rOIlg: I
¦ broidery, good strong buttonhole edge. lr 'S 2 ounces; no- wire or objectionable . . W6 UeilaS He AQYefUSe. ThJ ° a new WAW TTV i-E
H openwork patterns, 16 inches wide. N5W matter to become disarranged. Within BLACK VELVET RIBBON, Width inches" lmV- h^mSitrhPrtW^?' ii2 ¦
I selling for P ................ .,..... 20 c £• re^h <>t^Nog^g g gSfJffi^ yardS li> n c a a P p 1 fe C c e e I
H t n u.1 k p«™«v»j «,x n , n . , .. , uur price.... l.c a piece ors, etc. Joe Rosenberg's for such val-
| In Everytliing Some^ody.Must Be First. i2 cents^Instead/or 35 Cents. v^ e store That Always Grows. uesa3the^ • j
|- We Caoose to Be First in Hosiery. : a ribbon surprise. - ; '-There must be some solid reason for . Leather Goods Tali.
KJ First In make,' fit and finish. First. In .- ¦—^ ¦' ¦¦ Great reductions 'the continual , growth that marks the • CONVINCING. TOO— That is If LOW- !
§3 giving best values for least money. This i -s fc Sa''«i?i await you here to-mor- "J^er of this store. NESS IN PRICE and BEST IN QU\L- :
H week we lmve CHILDREN'S HOSE, W^^" row. One is ALL PURE There is but one reason for this— we ITY count for anything. ¦
I made of very finest English thread, Js^rsmgr^^ SILK TAFFETA RIB- five the people the best goods at the -'LADIES' COMBINATION PURSF \
i^ light weight, double heels, toes BON,/ 4% inches wide, .lowest possible s prices. Com«herein AND CARD CASE made of soedqua^ F
M «ftfcS\ and knees; pood fast black, suitable for fancy skirt Justice to yourself. 4T , T^c. ity pressed seal grain leather rivVte.1 -'
llSr fu" length,' very elastic. Equal ««gB@?^ ruffl es. or couch cushion To-morrow we place on sale LADIES' .teef rraS. ISthwtte ltaTd. 'inartlnJ I
B'lft • to any 25c hose made. Now- - :..: trimming, In brown, FEATHER BOAS, made of very best 8ewn patent steel frame well tnaAp- 9
II ••••• • -15C navy and, green.. Ac.tual.35c value .for, SSSF^FSSfc rea^ ft ImSble^' iS money |
I |» ATTENTION, LADIES. ••••••;-•••: ;••••- & wSek'^rtS 1068 5
I if bAf^uSity H Sri^ de ii s^ at 50 Cents. ; : :^f.^S i^^SfiSi^^ei^rle^t /A SSSSSMSLd™
1 II J^oy q ribb, Y l, hjSfSSJed heci A Startling Offer, Surely! «»•«>• Our ""le profit P rice....^l5.00 |$^| ™£™^™ J,} |
ijr ast black 6 fuTrfen^uf ' «. And plenty, of CORSETS for a .. - « .01 .fsS^ "eef beadsflea?^ U lined *
Hirtra elaltic' Sold elsewhere for 40c ~ l&h e ° od day ' s Eellln^ A " oppor- . . • 10 dUU 10 3 . .teffiSSfe back of finest gray velvet, \
¦ now Sold els - where, for o 40c...^. ML . t unity ; you should not overlook, •• .-.^: .. LINEN , COLLARS seUlng mM§l rioted steel fraiie. extra $
la "¦- '-"*•' *• '-v^NXiON as they' are the nicest corsets £*& for half. If the above ar* X&SaP strong chain and chatelaine «
»] 1 PonV HriM\nni qhH q ¦ Unll DaoVot 4 * '"(H^T J? a A e -^ r "¦•¦summfir •.wear with- twjp your sizes don't nii%s this '. r 1^ . - hook; full value for your J
M A I)fl.DK ACCOUDl S.I1Q a 1U11 rOCKetr j ¦ O^^, light sheer .waists. . .They are, __ fife* opportunity. .... money here. Only 83c!
H ---;•-•¦-.;.. u v '. ' <bs5? made v of'good quality .batiste or • «32Q^>> LADIES' DOUBLE- .¦ . -> ':.;„. ,¥
I .-':' -rJt DOOK • ,:'; . ¦JW.rttt.meft netting;- in. pInK,.blue ; /J^pr^^A.DECK COLLARS, made of OufiCpnt ' I
i Result from Constant and continual, A%^^"^ISi^^^^Si?,^?^f 'S*^^/^ '-/l-' ¦ r.- 1 *®^ six-ply . linen, in differ- of : jttt Sri*A-n trwa : * X
M buying at , Joe ;/RQsenbeWs.> No Votlier " fr^Va" i ow s lQ P}, n S bust, •¦tnedium hips.- T- . U r'.J. vent heights and styles. In- v ? x * f , JET HE^P p INS, made of B
ijtore "Offers opportifnitles to 9 save ~\$ *op ™ a : t l y .rJ}9n?£,r£}t™ Sa "? of 12%c. the* original **«¦ "teel wire, needle pointed; 60 in a |
&Tnoney with values as here: - , ' -'.ribbon. Light, comfortable and price, we are selling these box for Me
I LADIES' WAISTS, made 'of good - inexpensive. Now 5Oc for.. .¦ 6V4e • g
M quality percale, in fancy stripe or polka- »^ i«' rt aap>93RV*b A Q i« M . nirnm omnrnm ' Of MOIiey-!SaYlDg WOmeH. %
t^^^&^^r&^^&y.Atit RnRFNRFRfi * MAR KET STREET, ¦^™*% s £™™j£ TnisV/ b ?fJ
i Se'o^nav?' Sey^ved'ls^mone? IiUOLII DCfilU tf,rou 3 h to 11 OTarrefl. SS 8
| S .™S$l Mail Orders Sollcltei. PHELAN BUILDING. fc w^-foi 0 d^^effcUS t «..SSS 1
GBAPE-NTJTS.
Gtet Ecady Now.
SUMMER FROLIC.
Give the brain and body food during
the summer that does not overtax the
stomach and heat the bods'.
Grape-Nuts is a crisp, dainty and deli-
cious food, selected parts of the grain
treated by heat, moisture anfl time to
slowly and perfectly develop the dias-
tase from the grain and transform the
ctarch into grape sugar in the most per-
fect manner: the small particles of phos-
phate of potash found in certain parts of
the cereals are retained and these ele-
ments vitalize and nourish the body,
brain and nerve centers.
In its predigested form, it furnishes the
pecessary strength and energy in an
easy way for the system to absorb with-
out undue exertion and removes the
general feeling of heaviness usual to hot
weather.
Grape-Nuts and cream, a little fruit
and possiblV an egg or two cooked to
suit the taste, is an ideal breakfast and
•will fully sustain the body until the noon
day meal. Delicious desserts for luncheon
end supper can be quickly made and have
'flavor all their own from the peculiar,
mild but satisfying sweet of the grape
Grape-Nuts will save the heat of cook-
ing and the exertion of preparing food;
vMll make you feel internally ten degrees
cooler and fit you for the summer's heat
bo that you may enjoy the full pleasures
mi the season.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
1 If ycu have not yet I
1 tried a jar of * 1
i Long's Preserves. I
tj Ord:r a jar and you ¦
I will find them to be I
A simp f .y delicious. A,
® Ycu will find them B
, v in a ; hermetically B
/$& sealed jar that any
5V chili can open, and jJJ
y*F when you open them ,^C
ftjk notice the color and Am
flavor of the fruit,
B it's natural* 0
w . All varietie« All gracers W
Syrup Refining Co.^v
B 8th and Erannan Streets M
H . San Francisco w
n Phone South 486 S
Vm •"..•"'¦ ¦¦¦ . "¦••'¦ V\/e 2li*p sole* AtfpntiS
M KONA KpFFEEr KpMPANY I
ml 145 Stockton St ne-^r Ge-^iry |i
Op^ City of Paris Dry Goods Co. | r j
ifl Phone Bush 51O H
; Honest Dentistry ;
And Honest Prices!
No. college Btudents work on our patients. (
1 All our dentistry is guaranteed and pain- ,
. ¦ \ less-. . . •
Our $i plates elsewhere cost .....815,
Our $3 gold crowns elsewhere coat.. "..$10,
Our pure gold fillings. .........:.....•.. 91 ,
,-.- Teeth Without Plates a Specialty.
DREXLER PAINLESS DENTAL CO.
o¥ New York. —
I" S. F. patlorB 1104' Market -St., cor." Turk.
I Open evenings till 9 o'clock. Sundays, 0 to 2.RED BLUFF, June 2L— James Ray and
James Sadler, convicted of having robbed
the Vina postofflce, were sentenced by
Judge Ellison to-day. Ray got twenty
years in Folsom. and Sadler, ten years In
San Quentin. '. v
Postoffi.ce Robbers Sentenced,
CHICAGO, June 2L— A race between
Lucky Baldwin's Cruzados and S. C. Hil
dreth's McChesney for $20,000 : is a prob
ability. These two horses were compelled
to be, withdrawn from the Derby owing
to injuries received Wednesday at Har
lem. Mr. Hlldreth said to-day he would
take up Baldwin'^ bet for a race over the
Cruzados and McChesney May Meet.
SAN RAFAEL,, June 21.— The members
of San Rafael Golf Club played a handi
cap stroke competition to-day on Happy
Valley links near this city. A mixed four
some tournament for men and women
was scheduled for to-day, but owing to
so many of. the club members being ab
sent, It was decided to postpone the
tournament, and hold a stroke competi
tion over 18 holes. There were fifteen
entries composed entirely of men. L. A.
Wright was the successful contestant,
going over the 18 holes with a net score
of 98. E. J. Hooper was second with a
net score of 105. , ?:;
Handicap Golf at San Rafael.
JIADERA, June 21.— John Keith, fore
man of the Gambetta^mine, shot and kill
ed Charles N. Brirn at Grub Gulch, last
night. Brim, who was a discharged miner,
attacked Keith, knocking him down sev
eral times. "VVhen forced to the wall,
Keith drew a revolver and fired while
Brim was grappling with him. Four bul
lets took effect In the miner's body. Keith
came to Madera early this morning . and
gave himself up to the Sheriff. Coroner
Jay has gone to Grub Gulch to hold an
inquest.
"Workman.
Knocked Down by a Grub Chilch
Uses His B«volver After He Is Thrice
MUTE FOREMAN KILLS
DISCHARGED EBIPIX>YE
The latter half of the • game was the
hottest playing. of the kind ever seen at
Hurlingham. The score stood 6 to 1 In
favor of England just before the close.
In the last period the Americans attacked
vigorously and held the ball right in front
of the English goal the whole team en
gaged in defending it Just before the
nnal bell England broke away and scored.
The umpires and referee were the same
as heretofore. Although the weather was
unfavorable, the club grounds have sel
dom . held such a brilliant assemblage.
Among the many Americans present were
Whltelaw Reid, the United States Special
Embassador to the coronation, Mrs. Reid
and Miss Reid; United States Embassador
Choate and Mrs. Choate; Michel H. de
Young, proprietor of the San Francisco
Chronicle, Mrs. de Young and Miss de
Young, and Mr. and Mrs. Louis Hay.
English— Cecil Nlckalls. Patterson Nick
alls, George Miller,. "Walter S. Buck
master.
Americans— J. M. Waterbury, R. I*
Azassiz, Foxhall Keene, Lawrence Water
bury.
LONDON, June 21.— The deciding polo
game of the series of three for the Amer
ican cup was won by the British team at
Hurlingham to-day by a score of seven
goals to one. The teams were:
Sees the American Team Lose by
. . Score of 7 to 1.
Brilliant Assemblage at Hurlingham
BRITISH: POLOISTS WTN"
THE DECIDING MATCH
Mr. and Mrs. Haven have had consider
able domestic trouble in the last few
months. Onco before he fired a shot over
her head and afterward went out Into a
nearby weed patch and flred again, giving
tho Impression that he had committed
suicide. His attempt to-night resulted in
tha mending for tho present of all the
difficulties between him and his wife, and
tho latter Is taking 1 care ot him.
FRESNO, June ?L— Fred Haven, a Santa
Fe brakeman, shot himself in the head at
his home In this city to-night. The bullet
did littlei, damage beyond cutting a gash
In his forehead. Tlv neighbors believe
that Haven had really no intention of
committing suicide, merely desiring to
scare his wife.
of Adjusting All Marital
Difficulties.
Tresno Railroad Man Finds a Method
ElfXTITS AT SUICIDE
AND WIFE FORGIVES
Fifth race, four furlonsrs — Amoruna won.
Dutch Princess second. The Senator third
Time, :52. Hopeful and Captain Rex also ran
Sixth race, six furlongs— Frank Ireland won
Frank Pearce second, Tlburon third. Time
1:16%. Florinel II, Billy Moore, Enchant!
Dewltt,. Chancery, Cora Ilavll II and Fearful
also ran.
Fourth race, Colorado Derby, mile and an
eighth — Missile won, Sol second, El Pilar third
Time, 2:00. Sister Allle also ran.
Second race, trotting — Frank Dale won sec
ond, third and fourth heats and race.- Time
2:2G%. 2:23%, 2:26%. Celesta R won first
heat in 2:28>4. Susie R and Teller also started
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Anton
ius won, Skirmish second, Comet third. Time
1:10. El Rey, John Hlldreth, Dave Waldo
K C, Alice Coffin, Carruthers, Ben Bolt, Prea
tonlan, Heraldo, Bulgarian, icing's Guard and
Saale also ran.
First race, pacing — Miss ¦Williams won In
three straight heats. Tlm«, . 2:17%, 2'17%
2:13Vl. Carbonate, Lottie Smart and Lulu M
also started. ' •
DENVER, June 2L— The opening races
of the June meeting of th© Overland Rac
ing Association were witnessed to-day by
fully 10,000 spectators. The day was an
Ideal one for the sport, though the track
was a little slow. Favorites were gen
erally out of it. The sensation of th© day
was Antonius. He started at 20 tol, but
was backed so heavily that he went to
the post at 2 to 1, winning easily from a
field of fifteen horses. El Pilar was an
odds-on favorite in th» Colorado Derby
but could get no better than third money.'
In the third race the favorite, Prestonlan,
failed to show. . Tiburon was favorite in
the last race. Results:
Is Backed Down From 20 to 1 to
2 to 1.
ANTOKTCTS WHTS AT DENVER.
The opening tournament of the season
commenced on the Coquellcot courts. East
Oakland, last Sunday will be completed
to-day.
There will be a class singles tourna
ment on the park courts to-day. Play
will be called at 9 o 'clock.
Dunlap and Foley beat-James and Cum
mings 6-4, 7-5; Dunlap and Adams beat
Wagner and Baker 7-5, 6-4, 6-3; Wagnar
and Bozart beat Adams and Baker 7-5,
6-1, 6-3; James and Brady beat Foley and
Touchard 6-4, 6-3; J. Dodge and Foley
beat F. Sherwood and George Coffey
7-5, 6-4; Foley and Dodge beat Elsen and
Pag:© 10-8; Miss Beyfuss and Quinn tied
Wilson and Pratt 6-4, 6-8; Miss Beyfuss
and C. Ross beat Pratt and Kreamer
6-3, 4-6, 6-4; Brady beat James 7-5; Miss
Beyfuss tied Pratt 6-3, 3-6.
An unusually large number were present
on tho paxk courts. The matches result
ed as follows:
In singles George and Robert Whitney
played a one-set match in which the
champion was beaten. Robert was In
fine form and his swift drives were effect
ive. The score was 6-4. Other matches
resulted as follows: Alden Ames beat Sid
ney Smith 6-3; Alec Beyfuss beat Her
bert Schmidt 2-6, 6-3, 6-4, 6-4; Vincent
Whitney beat Beyfuss 6-3; R. B. Daggett
beat Sutherland 6-1, 6-3, 4-6; Ralph Stubbs
beat E. R. Armsby 6-2, 6-2, 4-6, 6-2, 6-2;
A Worthlngton beat W. F. - Bull 6-2, 6-2,
6-2, 6-0, 6-0; Mr. Guthrle beat McKenzie
12-10; Harry Haight beat V. Whitney 6-1,
6-3.
The attendance on the tennis courts
waa heavy yesterday." The best games
were the ones In which the Whitney
brothers figured. R. N. Whitney and Jo
seph Daily beat George Whitney and Vin
cent Whitney 7-5, 6-L The latter team
were then beaten by Harry Haight and
R. N. Whitney 7-5, 6-3. The Rev. . Mr.
Guthrle and James McKenzie beat Her
bert Schmidt and Harry Rolf in a long
five-set match, the outcome of which
was constantly in doubt. The score was
6-2, 6-3, 2-6, 4-6, 7-5. J. Daily, and Suther
land beat R. B. Dagg-ett and Miss Shar
rer 6-4, 6-4.
Courts la Golden Gate Park
Are in Great Demand.
California Club and the Public
TENNIS PLAYEBS APPEAR
IN PRACTICE GAMES
Croker's visitor says he has no doubt
that It is the ftJrmer Tammany chief's
serious intention. He describes Croker's
resentment against Sheehan as intense
even violent— for a man of his self-con
trol. Croker talked a long time lo him
about Sheehan's course In Tammany poli
tics, recurring frequently to Sheehan's
statement that he (Croker) got $1,500,000
out of the Third Avenue Railroad wreck,
through his reputed connection with
Naushton & Co.
When Croker's guest asked the former
chief why his stay here was to be so brief,"
he set his jaw and thumped the table be
fore which he was standing with his fist
and replied: .' '
"I'm going back just long enough to
smash John Sheehan's face."
NEW YORK, June 21.— Richard Croker
Is coming- back to New York in August
for the purpose of thrashing John C.
Sheehan. At least this Is the statement
made by a well-known turfman who has
just returned from Moat House, Wantage,
where he saw the former Tammany lead
er. Croker plans to arrive here August
23, and return to England on September
10. .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PITTSBURG, June 2L— The conference
of. the miners and operators to-day ac
complished nothing-, as usual. Neither
side offered any concessions. However,
there Is a disposition on the part of the
miners to accept a compromise, and If a
settlement is reached It is not believed
that the miners will favor a general
strike, even should one bo ordered by the
national convention next month.
PARKERSBURG, W. Va_, June 21.—
"Mother" Jones and eleven others who
were arrested at 'Clarksburg yesterday,
charged with violating an Injunction of
the United States court, were released to
day on $300 bonds and their hearing was
set for Thursday next "Mother" Jones,
one of the dozen, spent last night In jail
here, refusing to be taken to a hotel as
la, mark of special courtesy, saying she
would stay by "the boys" through thick
and thin.
TVTfrrTTR-R. JONES RELEASED.
In the meantime word was sent to
"WJlkesbarre and twenty-five coal and
Iron policemen were sent down and ar
rived there shortly after 7 o'clock. They
were hooted ; but were not attacked.
Everything la now quiet about the col
lieries.
The crowd was attracted to the collieries
by the Importation of new men to take
the places of strikers. Deputy Sheriffs
were hurried to the place from Potts
vllle, and after the riot act had been read
the crowd waa persuaded to disperse.
Shortly after 6 o'clock the mob gathered
again and several workmen were attack
ed as they came out of the place. They
were badly used up. A coal and iron po
liceman who came to their rescue was
stoned and clubbed, but waa not serious
ly hurt.. The superintendent of the col
liery would not allow his men to make any
move or to use their revolvers, and in a
short time the crowd also scattered.
SHENANDOAH, Pa..' June 2L— There
was an exciting demonstration In the vi
cinity of the Lehlgh Valley Coal Compa
ny's four collieries at Lost Creek. This
morning about 800 men and boys gather
ed at this place, threw stones and roughly
bandied several non-union men and club
bed a coal and iron policeman. The Sheriff
of Schuylkill County finally dispersed the
crowd.
EXCITING DEMONSTRATION.
Daniel J. Keefe of Detroit, national
president of the Long-shoremen's Union,
arrived here late this afternoon and called
on President Mitchell. Both said it was
a social call. Keefe said the miners'
strike had made work slack among the
7000 longshoremen who handle anthracite
coal. When asked what his organization
would do In case the miners asked for
aid he said: "Nearly all of our men are
working: under agreements, and they
never have broken one. I do not know
what our organization will do if the
miners ask us for aid, but I do no't think
that they would break agreements In
order to help out another organization."
Nothing developed at strike headquar
ters to-day bearing on the question of
Involving the bituminous men in the an
thracite strike.
The" statement will probably" shov the
alleged relationship between the hard
coal carrying- railroads and the large coal
¦companies, and will try to show that while
coal has been advanced the rate of wages
paid to the miners has rot kept pace with
the increase. It .will also call attention
to the prosperous condition of the counr
try and will contain a plea that the mine
workers should enjoy a share of It.
PLEA FOB THE WORKERS.
The national president declines to say
anything: regarding this statement, but it
is understood to be a reply to the oper
ators' letters published ten days ago. It
will be a complete review of the miners'
side of the controversy.
President Mitchell held a conference
with District Presidents Nicholls, Duffy
and Casey this morning. District mat
ters were discussed. Among the business
considered' was the public statement
which President Mitchell will issue to
morrow night. '•' ••':•' '¦¦¦:¦ \ .
WILKESBAURB, Pa., June 2L— The
anthracite mine workers' strike rounded
out Its sixth week to-day without serious
incident. The strike of 1900, when the
men won a" 10 per cent increase, lasted*
exactly six weeks. In that struggle the
lives of several persons were, sacrificed,
but in this strike the worst that has hap
pened was the shooting two weeks ago of
a boy who is now slowly recovering.
New Yorker to Gome From
England f cr Pugilistic
Purpose.
Closes and Men Are Still
HopefuL
Sixth Week of the Big Strike
Mitchell Will Review
Conditions in Anthra
cite Fields.
Former . Chief of Tam
many on Warpath,
for Sheehan.
FRAMING REPLY
TO COAL BARONS
CHOKER WHOOPS
A GENUINE WHOOP
WOODMEN HOLD
BIG INITIATION
Six Hundred Candidates
Are Inducted Into !
the Order.
Interior of Woodward's Pa
vilion Made to Resem
ble a Forest
The fifteen local camps of the - Wood
men of the World Initiated nearly 600
candidates Into the mysteries of Wood
oraft at Woodward's Pavilion last night.
The main body of the big building was
arranged in the form of a camp and
decorated by Neighbors Kahn and Lassan
in the semblance of a miniature forest,
with the station of each officer in a bower
of boughs and ferns. Outside of the lines
of the camp were arranged rows of chairs
which were occupied by the candidates,
while the members of the order occupied
the seats back of rails and those
in the galleries. . ¦ ;.
The ceremony of initiation was conduct
ed by Mertoa C. Allen as past consul
commander, P. F. Gilroy as commander,
Thomas J. Barry as advisor lieutenant,
D. L. Fitzgerald as banker and J. J. 3>on
ohue as escort, assisted by the ritualistic
team, of Maple Camp of Centervllle, Cap
tain H. W. Lynch commanding.
The several officers. In full regalia, were
escorted to their respective stations by
teams of the camps in uniform..
The music incidental to the ceremony
was led by Golden Gate Camp's orches
tra, Neighbor Hyman leader.
Previous to the initiatory ceremony
there was an exhibition drill by the
drill team of Mission Camp, Captain
Stewart; ¦ then one by the drill team of
Golden Gate Camp, ' Captain Healey; also
one by the team of North End Camp,
Captain Waugham, •which was attired
in the new uniform prescribed for teams
of this character. It consists of a dark
blue military fatigue coat, army cap, pat
ent leather leggings and black belt with
silver buckle. Each, team introduced new
and intricate movements that were loudly
applauded. At the termination of the
drill, each captain was presented with a
box of cisrars for bis men, -
In the initiation, the work was exempli
fied with but one candidate, Steve V.
Costello, who entered the hall in charge
of t he escort, preceded by the three de
gree teams, after which the charges by
the several, officers were delivered in a
most solemn and impressive manner. The
Joseph scene by the Centervllle team was
the most realistic one ever presented in
a Woodman's camp and the Initiation was
the largest that has ever taken place in
this city.
The affair was managed by the follow
ing committee:
Peter F. Gilroy, chairman; "W. B. Nye, vlc«
chairman; J. F. Brooks, secretary; H. L.
Springer, treasurer; G. D. Phillips, John S.
Patterson, J. M. Netirbert. A. G. Page, • M. J.
McCabe. D. L. Fitzgerald. W. B. Wilson, 13.
V. Darling:, T. L Fitzpatrlck, W. D. Ferguson,
John Boyle, C. N. Barcel, J. Miller, J. Kane.
Dr. A. L. White, W. S. Shaw. J. McDonald,
Sergeant Perrin, T. J. Mahoney, K. J. Tyrell,
O. J. Peterson, B. F. Schell, G. W. Baltic, Dr.
Nlemeyer, Dr. M. B. Kstes, D. L. Mayer, J.
M. Sauter, George Hilderbrand, D. A. Ryan,
Dr. A. H. Gianlni. A. Tobin. J. M. Mitchell.
Alex Coutt, Clifford McClennan, F. F. Lord,
F. C. Russell. Dr. M. Van Meter, J. O. Al
bright. E. Green, Joseph Herzog and W. C.
Kelly.
COMPLIMENT THE STATE
• EOAKD OP KTT A TVTTTTTyR.g
Thanks for Honesty and Im-
Dentists Adopt Resolutions of
partial Methods.
Dentists who have Just completed the
examinations given by the California
State Board of Dental examiners In ac
cordance with fhe law enacted at the last
session of the Legislature have adopted
the following resolution:
Resolved, That we, the applicants for licenses
to practice dentistry in the State of Califor
nia, do hereby take pleasure in thanking the
members of the California State Board of Den
tal Examiners for the patience and indulgence
shown by them; and to compliment them for
having eo successfully conducted the course of
rigid examinations with honesty and impar
tiality; thus assuring us -at grood will to all,
and In return graining our moral support in
upholding the ethical standard of our pro
fession.
C. H. KITCHEN, T>. T>. S.; C. T. HANBEN,
D. D. S.: I* B. HINES. D. D. S.: C. E.
CLEMENT, D. D. S.; G. C. BAILEY. D. X>.
6., Committee
Autos to Bun to Mission San Jose.
The run of the Automobile Club of Cal
ifornia, which was set for to-day. In con-
Junction with the San Jose, Automobile
Club, has been called off. The outing
will take place- next Sunday. The desti
nation will be Mission San Jose instead
of Niles Canyon, as originally proposed.
Shoots in Self -Defense.
SAI/T LJLKE, Utah, June 2L— A special
to the Herald from Sunnyslde, Utah,
says: At the preliminary hearing to-day,
Tom Dllley, the cattleman who two weeks
ago shot and killed Steve Chipman, a
sheepman, during a quarrel over range
rights, was discharged from custody. . It
developed at the hearing that Chipman
was the aggressor and Dllley shot him
In self-defense. /' >'"."'.
Cheap Bailway Enjoined.
CLEVELAND, O., June 2L— The Circuit
Court torday granted a perpetual Injunc
tion against the construction of the so
called three-cent street railway in this
city.
Mayor Tom Johnson Is credited with be
ing back of the three-cent railway. The
Mayor stated to-day that steps would be
taken to amend the franchises and a new
start be taken, on the project.
Schantz, Frank C. Van Schalk, Charlea "U Pat
ton, Harry J. Lask, James A. Wilson. Mrs.
Clara A. Glberson, Mrs. Kat» J. Wlllats, Mrs
M. A. Fahrenboltz. Mrs. Annie E. Gase. Mrs
Charlotte E. Tlsdale, Mrs. Edith Edwards^
Mrs. Helen Seeman, Mrs. Isabella Clark. Mrs
M. E. Klein, Mrs. Sarah A. Cox. Mrs. Linea
I* Baehr. Mrs. Bertha W. Stark. Mrs. Mar
gazet Fitch, Mrs. Addle L. Sleeper. Mrs. Adah,
E. Cockerton. Mrs. Charlotte E." Marals, •
The officers of the association are:
President. W. W. ds Wlnton j first vie© pres
ident. Adolph Eberhart; second vice president.
C P. 1*. Marals: treasurer, James Patterson;
secretary. Hush J. Owen; marshal, C. H. Bry
an; tyler. Charles O. Johnson.
Irish Giant la After Kid McCoy.
OGDEN, Utah, June ZL— A syndicate of
sporting men of this city announce they
will wager $3000 that Georgo Lawler. the
"Irish Giant," can defeat "Kid" McCoy.
The only condition that attaches to the
proposition is that the fight take placa
cither In Ogden or Salt Lake.
Z>ETROTT, Mich., June 21.— Th» Jury in
th© cas« of William M. Jones, charged
with the murder of George H. Heywood
April 9, returned a verdict of murder this
morning after being out but a short time.
THE SA^ FRAKCISCO CALL, SUJSTPAY, JUKE 22, 190g^
Reception — S. A. Clarke, chairman; B.' r N.
Rowley,- John. Bennett Fred I>. Voorhee».-Wll
11am J. Chesney, Mark B. Gainer, A. M. Cox,
Robert B. Moore, Henry B. Ream, William E.
Price, Charles H. Murphy, B. L. Stone. C. M
Plum, M. E. Dlebold, Alexander Woodslde, R.
W. Meek. Fritz Hageminn, J. P. Klncald, K.
B. Clprlco.. William Gllchrist. Z, ¦ A • Murch
William C Ordway, R. B. Hartley, Samuel J.
Taylor, George Murray, George.W. Harlow, W.
H. M. Baurhyte. G. Beccutl. John C. Downey
W. H. Sanborn. John T. Morrlsen, Isaac B.
Games — A. K. Coney, chairman; George W.
Wlttmaiv_F. B.'Wood. John B, • Hlllman,
Thomas Kyle, R. M. Claire. Charles Balzarlnl,
R. Sternltzsky, Otto turn Suden, VT. R. Jost,
H. J. Owen. H. P. Umbsen.
Prizes — John Tonnlngsen, chairman; J W.
Anderson, M. V. B. Taylor, S. A. Clarks, Hen
ry Burner, J. W. Drew, F. H. 8. O'Donnell.
B. H. Hart, C. A. Wagner, H. J. Thomas, Wil
liam Moses.
Floor — Charles Jelllnek, chairman: C. O.
Johnson, C. P. L. Marals, "W. N. Brunt, A. F.
Barnett. Harry T. Chase Robert Day, I* F.
Dunand, J. M. Dupas, J. P. Ffaser. Henry
Gelllus, VT. C. Ordway, A. J. Raymond. Louis
Muller. E. C. Hare.
Refreshments — W. W. Moore, chairman;
Thomas Rowlands, Alexander Woodslde. John
Fischer.
Grounds and transportation — J. J. Stofen,
Max Goldman. . \
Music — W. W. d» Wlnton. Andrew Christen
sen, Richard Herrlne.
Printing — c. L.. P. Marals, chairman; Henry
Burner, W. W. Moore.
Boys under 12, Raymond Fahonholtz; girls
under 12 Cora Smith; boys under 17. Willie
Palmer: girls under 17, Alice Murphy; past
masters, Charles Jelllnek; wives, of Masons,
Mro-M. Falrfleld; fat men, T. J. Macks well;
stout ladies Miss L. Amlot; ladles of the O.
B S. Miss Ida Kltscher; Masona over 60
years *E C. Hare; daughters of Masons. Mls»
Edna Hatsch; free for all, R. H. Murray.
•The committees were as follows:
. Arrangements— James A. 'Wilson, chairman;
James Patterson, treasurer; Max Goldman,
secretary; Richard Herrlns, J. J. Stofen, John
Fischer W. "W. Moore, Adolph Eberhart. C
I* P Marals, Andrew Christensen, J. W. An
derson, Henry Ascroft, John Tonnlnesen.
Five hundred people took part in the
celebration of St. John's day by the Past
Masters' Association of California. Free
and Accepted Masons, which was held
yesterday at Schuetzen Park. The large
party left the Tlburon ferry, at the foot
of Market street, at 9 a. m., arriving at
the p"ark at 10:30 a. m. After lunch the
afternoon was spent irf dancing and
sports of all kinds. Races were won by
the following: J
nia, I*, and A. M., Celebrates
St. John's Day.
Past Masters' Association of Califor-
SPEND PLEASANT DAY
AT SCHXTETZEN" PABK
Ho assisted th© American to rise, an In
novation which was severely criticized.
Recovering from his grogginess, Sullivan
continued at a great pace. The English
man weakened under the pressure and
used every method to avoid punishment,
"roughing" It all the way. He was quick
on his feet and Bprinted around the ring
when Spike tried to corner him.
"Eddie" Connolly of. St. John, N. B.,
and "Pat" Daly of England, met for the
144-pound championship. Connolly was
the favorite of th© Americans, who made
up a large part of the spectators. . Con
nolly did most qf the leading, but Daly
Beemed to thrive on punishment and at
the end of the fourth round was stronger
than at the beginning. At this point Daly
took the aggressive and gave an exhibi
tion of two-handed fighting. Connolly
proved the better ring general and more
scientific boxer and' was given the de
cision on points.
No Americans appeared for the wrest
ling bouts, which proved a fiasco.
LONDON, June 21. — There waa a small
attendance at the opening of the corona
tion boxing tournament to-night. Spike
Sullivan, the American boxer, and Jabez
White of England met in the first bout.
The contest was on scientific lines. White
did most of the leading and was adjudged
the winner on points. In the ninth round
"White floored his rival with a right to the
jaw.
livan, the American, While Con
nolly Defeats Pat Daly.
White of England Defeats Spike Sul-
C0B0NATI01T BOXING
ATTRACTS STVTAT.T. CROWD
Derby routQ. When Mr. Baldwin waa told
of this to-day he said his challenge held
g-ood and they .would make the race a
feature of some future day.-
26
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
I/EASINT AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
IV jaodeled and renovated. KING, WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms. We to $1 60 day;
KS to $8 week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire crates In
every room; elevator runs all night.
Weekly Call, $1 Der Tear
DR. HALL'SSEIN YlGORATOR^Prai
Stops all loEEC-s In 24 hours. Five *jSxO'*l£j*i
huudred reward fur any case we f^- \"tS
«*«nntH cure. This secret ¦ rem- * ti
«dy cures EmisElons, Ixnpotency, aHM ptJj
V&ricocele, Gcnorrhoea, Gleet, #rt VfcA
Etricturea. Drains, Lost Man- A*KJ iljilj
hood and all other wasting ef- 53 K,ia
feels of self -abuse or excesses, ijy*— *?W^
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 8 bottles. $S; ruaxanteei
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE, 855 Broad-
vajr, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 107314
Market st.. 8. F. Send for free book.
fTO CKICMESTER'S CNttUBH
fr*(Mtft<iLl« I1EI> »n« Cold n^Ulfc w*,. Ml ,tJ
~EV :=r-T&y r*** 1 "¦» ribbon. Take&o other. Heftu*
: TV» •% gyj DaMcrrat fotM>titatI<n>« «.ad Ialta.
! 1 7 > *S **¦¦•• *¦ T •* rw Draggitx, or tmi 4c ia
'IS,* B "TEVh J> r H eB I" r "» Te.tlm.alnU
iXWi ff • n 4"5ell«rforL«dic»,"<iit«««r,fc/r*.
oJCj^W twaMalL 1 0.0OO Testimonial*. Bold by
The remedy has -a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth, and seems to act di-
rect to the desired location, giving
strength and development just where it
is needed. It cures all the ills and trou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
the natural functions, and has been an
absolute success in all cases. A request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 Klek-
tron building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stat-
ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages, will be complied with prompt-
ly. The Institute is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are un-
able to leave • home to be treated, and
the free samples will enable them to see
how easy it is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The Institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in- a plain
package, so that its recipient need^have
no fear of . embarrassment of publicity.
Readers ar© requested to write without
delay.
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical sufferings qf lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suf-
fer from. any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts, can
now cure themselves at home.
to All Who Write.
A Free Trial Packags Sent by Mail
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Most Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
yv?lto Men.
r'^^^^»^^-^'^^^- l rtf^^^j Bajn© bji others
'Cffl^ **° drugs; no
4f. ; '*- humbuff. It cures with-
*ii3^ out medicine. Hot sold
*3« v by Aragelstm. No dls-
eocnts. Free by mail on receipt of price.
Circulars free. Aflk for the "Dr. Alden Elec-
tric Belt." CaJl or address PIERCE ELEC-
TRIC CO.. SOO Post St.. San Francisco, or
SS W. Twenty-fourtli at.. New York.
Jvisit DR. JORDAN'S great I
{MUSEUM OF AKftTOUy*
9 S) * ; ' 1 Ki32I *CT-ta- E*£"i, Z.T.Z".\.l
\ fST e L*^ 6 ** Anatomical Museum in the \
m jjri- World. Wtikr.m-s or iny contracted A
L. S&GN «se»se p«.Hl»^lj- c »r^dby th-oidcit V
0 Jft^"| £«. 36 years. ©
1 |J5gff DR. JCRDAH-D1SEASES OF HEH A
\ IW^ti Consultation free and strictly priY.te. \
W I AftX II Treatment personally or by letter. KB
T B W SI g f—Mm Oun In erery at? undertaken. W
ArU llfp w rtefor Bock. raiLosapRy.r A
W P if \\y BiBKUCE, MAILED FREE, ( A. ¥
A ** tr ri!l:::b!e bo » k -<" rai-n) \
? OB. JOBDA5 & CO., 1051 Market SL, 8. F. f
At Low Cast) Valuations on
Easy Payments— A Very
Great Piano Advantage-
Save $100 to $200 by
Means of Pommer-Eilers
Music Go.'s System.
EASY PAYMENTS— Pianos may
be secured by small first payment,
remainder on easy monthly payments.
No advance in price when easy terms
are desired. Pianos of all descrip-
tions included in this offer.
Buyers at a distance should write for
tpecial bargain list, and also our schedule
of freight rates on pianos. We ship pianos
everywhere.
Inexpensive pianos bought from us may
be exchanged later toward the purchase
•of a KJjnball, Decker, Hazelton, Lester or
Crown.
JCew pianos to rent from $3 50 upward.
Good pianos at low figrures are to be
found at Pomaier-Ellere Music Co. lloro
than this, you may secure an instrument
at cash valuation and yet tak© two years
in which to pay for it. The only extra
cost is the small matter of legal interest
on deferred payments, for Pommer-Eilers
Mueic Co. 6ell all pianos at strictly cash
prices. We do not ask high prices from
the persons desiring the privilege of
monthly payments. Our establishment Is,
therefore, the place par excellence In
¦which to buy an instrument if you do not
care to ¦ pay the entire amount at one
time.
Look at Ahe new 'leaders at $125, 5145,
$150. $165 and $175, and then at $200, $225
and upward. We exhibit pianos of which
any one might be proud.
AIbo note that this week a limited num-
ber of pianos returned from rental are on
tale. Seme of these instruments are sub-
etatitially new. and. all are marked so low
as to be genuine bargains.
Also some second hand pianos taken in
exchange. These are offered at from $75
to J150 each, and then the prospective
buyer must take into consideration that
this includes the outlay we have mado
for rejvalrs.
Several new Kimball, Decker, Hazelton
and Lester of last year's style that are
eomewhat changed this year are offered
at a heavy bona fide reduction to close
out at once. This is an opportunity for
persons wishing to plac© several hundred
dollars in a most judicious investment.
Used pianos taken in exchange. Chick-
ering, $80; plain rosewood Crown upright,
$2S5; Kimball upright, up to date, $225;
Weser upright, $165; Singer upright, $1S7,
end others.
Very handsome, large size, mahogany
Chickering upright at the reasonable price
of $S00. A very fine Kimball, good as new,
loaned to an artist, $375. Beautiful special
fctyle Decker upright, mottled walnut
case, carved panels, $275. Beautiful new
A. B. Chase upright, slightly marred in
transit, will be sacrificed at $240. Kim-
ball uprights having had some use at $250,
$300 and upward.
Other bargains: Haines square $40, Zech
square $45, Raven & Bacon Bquare $35,
Chickering square $90, Beckstein upright
$100, Goldman upright $S7, Draper oak up-
right S167. Crown upright 5225 and forty
otlier second hand square pianos at from
J25 to S75 each. "Will be put in good re-
pair throughout.
Visitors are cordially welcomed in our
salesrooms from S a. m. until 6 p. m.
Groups of piano customers will always
be found in our waxerooms, but we have
euch ample facilities and such a large
corps of salesmen that we can sell a
dozen instruments simultaneously with-
out the least delay.
Pommer-Eilers Music Co.
653 Market St., San Francisco, Gal.
Otlier stores— Sacramento, Portland and
Epokane.
Missouri Pacific Railway
Through service dally to
Kansas City and St. Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
PerEO&anjr conducted excursions to Kansas
City, St. Louis, Chicago, New York, Boston
tsd ell Eastern points. For full Information
address -¦¦•
I* M. FLETCHER.
Pacific Coast Agent.
129 California St.. San Francisco. Cal.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
© ¦.¦ . • <#*$; :--y^r. ¦ -- . o
I HOSTETTER S {
| |
8 / ' • ; ¦ - I
I /i]||| Is a family medicine that is good for every |
1 |g| one,.young or old, and one that is without g
I IhI an equal as atonic, an appetite restorer, or a |
I >^^^^^L lood P urif^ er - No 0Fle need suffer from the §
8 -^^^^^^\ many complaints arising from a disordered |
| S&i^ffiSJ . stomach when the Bitters will cure you. |
| Sp^8^ Thousands of people are using it to-day in |
I preference to any other remedy because they |
| S know- its value in cases of g
| ®ffi^^^^8 Belching, Flatulency, Headache, |
I rf^^^^^P Dizziness, Indigestion, ¦ |
S p^^^i^^^" ¦¦""'• • Constipation, Malaria, g
| ipj^^^^^ • ' '•• r . Fever and Ague. §
\r^QBBBiS5m : Don ' t fail to ive !t a triaI - ' I
• | New York, N. Y. § | Algona, Wis. " 8 ©
% | Dear Sirs: I worked in a place | g Dear Sirs: lean cheerfully rec- g o
S I where malarial fever was raging g g ommend your Bitters as being a | %
% | and I took the fever, but Hostet- g g sure and permanent cure for in- § g
© « ter's Bitters cured me. I thank | • S digestion and dyspepsia. | o
% I you. JOS. LOVENER. ' | , | F. W. YOUNGS. | %
I BEWARE OF ¦ SUBSTITUTES. THERE IS NOTHING "JUST 'AS GOOD." 8
APVEHTTflTi^^jF 8 '-
Al>VEB.TTSEME2rrs.
ITJ Tjjf ~W ' WEAKNESSES — In most cases are due to a \
« H B damaged proatate jrl&nd. As this eland is 1
HMI m^ " th0 very center of the reproductlvs system,
BaaJf EWl proper treatment means Immediate benefit. ¦;
Mff Iff "f Dr: Talcott treats each case personally ¦
Bf 59 ft B, *nd offers an experience of over twenty i
XL A . | years devoted to this specialty. i
ff^ ¦ I
f*^ VARICOCELD-Is an enlargement or th» vital \
B ?H «J% £1°°? ?e»««l»« It Is a common disorder. !
B • El WW O H? 81 J? en ar * "£ fl l«ed with loma stass of
ft w R § I &«*¦» tblm «>»«"»«• We can cure Varlcocilo In B
ll. B ll J 1 k ? ne w " k at OTr oMc «- Oer 3000 patients 1
%^ %/i & \J hav9 been cured by Us "without & failure or I
. ~* m m unpleasant result. ,-.-.• j
Dr. Talcott & Co. j[2\ I
1140 Market Street, C^T| I
Opposite Hole's. Illwill^ 'I
NOT A DOLLAR TO BE PAID '//T^^^K^ fl
UNTIL A CURB IS EFFECTED. ST. lytj//
H « nr * . CONTAGIOUS BLOOD DISEASES— By on? [j
ri Era B& method no time Is lost, no chance la dlst Ej
O Hfl BH jf^ TW5^ ' or bah 149 s.re necessary. Permajinit cures hi
§3 Dggg g H W ¦ belns mads In a short time with but little H
M IHI IT™" I » expense to the patient. Our method Is the t
H H N I 1 k 9 result of over ten yean* careful and pa- I
Ej H I H M. R. tIent gtu<Jv »nd our. success haj been most F
Rj cratlfylngr. B
fi ' I! CONTRACTED DISORDERS— From statistical
El H H V^ IT f compiled from our practice, covering ov-r
H H H H 1 I 1 I M0 ° cases. 80 per cent have recovered in 5
H B I I B 9 If - f even , daTS or less, many ot thesa cases be- t
fi fl a I H B \m la * those who had been treated by others I
#j Al A W f °r mu e& longer periods wrthout any ap- I
J2 | parent decrtaaa of the disorder. B
ALUYOU COULD ASKFOR
BuPfe*. bal-h . barber- shop, library, ladies*
drawing* room coacK. clvib coadv^_-€
dining" coacK , obseryaktioi\ coacK . besir
service and cuisine in America,most
beautifXil scervery in the world, com-
fortable and speedy travel.. -« -< -«r
¦J Chiagbinthreed^s
'City'TicUet Office 6*1 Harket"Str N .
Solid Oak Rocker, with
genuine leather seat, $2.
Entire houses, flats and ho-
tels furnished. Credit and
- free delivery within 160
miles.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.
338-343 POST STRBET, '
Oppoatt* Union Square.The largest cyanide plant west of Utah
commenced running last week at the Vandalia
mine in El Dorado County, a few miles east
of Shingle Springs. This property is owned by
John Rosenf eld's Sons of San Francisco and
has recently been enlarged to 200-ton capacity.
The mine and plant are under the management
of Messrs. Charles E. Seymour and C. F. Sta
ver. Last December ground was broken Cor
the new plant, which, when completed, will
represent an investment of nearly $150,000.
There Is no well denned ledge on the property,
the ore being found in a vast body, constitut
ing practically a mountain of gold-bearing
Quartz. Power and lights for the plant are
supplied from crude oil engines. The main en
gine is fitted with a compressed air starter
and also with electric switches at six different
points in the mill, by which the machinery may
be almost Instantly stopped.
The Placerville Nugget has the follow
ing account of the Vandalia mine plant
in El Dorado County:
LARGE CYANIDE PLANT.
HELENA. Mont., June 2L— Alice Thomp
son, the 5-year-old great-granddaughter
of the late James G. Blaine, was fatally
injured by falling down the elevator shaft
o£ the Monticello apartment-house. Her
father. Randolph Thompson, who was
private secretary to Governor Toole, died
about a year ago.
stamp mill has just been completed and will
be started up in a few days. The Lady Wash
ington mine near Carters, Tuolumne County,
Is to be thoroughly prospected again by W. H.
Martin and Mr. Ballard, who recently bonded
it. The shaft will be put down 600 to 600
feet to thoroughly explore the ground. This
mine produced a lot of rich ore, but it has not
been worked for many years. The snow in the
high Sierras is fast disappearing and all of tha
mountain streams have been well filled. On tha
way to Bear Valley there are only a few snow
banks left and by the end of the month most
of the snow will have disappeared.
Blaine Relative Fatally Hurt.
There was tremendous tooting of whis
tles from the vessels lying at anchor close
to the yard and cheers as the Denver slid
gracefully into the Delaware River.
Because of the heavy rainstorm the
launching was postponed until \ nearly 3
o'clock. When all was in readiness and
just as the blow which was to release the
new cruiser was being struck Miss
Wright stepped to the edge of the stand
and broke the traditional bottle of cham
pagne on the bow of the new addition to
the United States navy. - • /.:-.
PHILADEL.PHIA, June 21.— In the pres
ence of a distinguished company of naval
officers, many leading citizens from Colo
rado and a large number of persons from
New York and other near-by cities the
unarmored cruiser Denver was success
fully launched this afternoon at the Nefl
& Levy shipyard. Miss Roberta M.
Wright, daughter of Mayor Wright of
Denver, christened the cruiser.
A rich vein of ore was uncovered last week
in the Angels quarts mine near that town. and
the owners expect to reap a fortune. The prop
erty remained idle for years till J. V. Coleman
took charge of- it and commenced investing a
lot of money in opening it up. A twenty-
The Stockton Independent saye:
Captain J- W. Morrcll of the Balsam Mining
Company brings cheering news of a mining na
ture from Alleghany in regard to the property
of the Steamboat Company,- which adjoins the
Balsam property. IX in Jones and Lawrence
Evans who have been working the Eteamboat
for come time, have struck the Red or ffront
channel and have been taking out some [fab
ulously rich gT-avel. Nuggets of almost virgin
gold have been extracted, that go all the way
from one ounce to seven ounces. Mr. Morrell
has several small nuggets that have been taken
from the property and they are certainly nice
Fpeclmene. The country In that portion of Si
erra County where the find was made is great
ly excited over the news and already prepara
tions are on foot for starting several pros
pecting outfits. The strike made by the Steam
boat people is directly in line with the uprise
Btarted by the Balsam people some time ago.
RICH STRIKES REPORTED.
' The Grass Valley Union and ' Herald
says:
The large operations of the Mountain
Copper Company at Keswick are thus
summarized, by the State -Mineralogist:
From the Iron Mountain mine the Capper
Mountain Company has extracted, since 1896,
about 825,000 tons of ore. which has been car
ried by a narrow-gauge railway eleven miles
down the canyon of Slick Bock Creek to the
company's smelting plant at Keswick, one mile
west of the Sacramento River. The matte and
blister copper here produced and shipped to the
company's refinery in New Jersey have pro
duced iLbout 120,000,000 pounds of fine copper
to January 1, 1902. Dividends to December 31,
1600, amounted to considerably over 60 per cent
of the capital stock of $6,250,000. With very
large ore reserves, with a recently enlarged
and improved smelting plant of about 1000 tons
dally capacity, with a total force of about 1200
men- and with annual local expenditures of
nryst $2,000,000, the Mountain Copper Com
iit.es.y is a large factor in sustaining local In
dustrial prosperity, and has a considerable fu
ture, period of profitable operation.
It Is impossible to find space to review
• he eritlro volume. In its contents are
detailed accounts of all copper deposits
in the State so far as they have been dis
covered and also many maps and pictures
illustrative of the copper industry In Cali
fornia.
Ehaxta. County's copper belt is composed of a
series of ore deposits arranged in the form
of a crescent, which bends through the low
mountains ana foothills directly north of the
bead of the Sacramento Valley, and which
spans a distance of about twenty-five miles
between the eastern and western horns. The
apex of the Sacramento Valley plain and the
city of Redding are near its western end and
but a little couth of the chord of the arc dc
ccrfbed by the belt. Iron Mountain, at the
end of the western horn, is about ten miles
northwest of Redding in a direct line, and tha
eastern horn, in the Furnaeevine district, Is
about twenty miles north of east from the
came point The length of the belt is ap
proximately thirty miles, and the width from
or.e-hall to four miles. The term "belt" in
used with the broad meaning which it properly
carries, and not as synonymous -with "lode."
The ore deposits do not mark a practically
continuous fissure system in which directly
related vein formations have resulted, but oc
cut as disconnected masses, or groups of vein
formations, forming individual lodes and dis
tricts. These groups of deposits vary In form
of occurrence from massive, flat-lying, lenti
cular beds of sulphides on the west, to ir
regular vein formations in the eastern half of
the belt and they also vary in their minerali
zation; but they are successively ranged, with
considerable regularity, along the curved line
described, forming a belt three or four miles
•wide in places. In several ways this series
of deposits presents features of unity and in
dividuality, which enforce its conception as one
definite mineral belt.
The copper belt presents many favorable con
ditions for copper mining and smelting. There
are diEtributed through a long mineral belt
maselve ore deposits whose quantities, as well
as values, are attractive to conservative min
ing capital. These deposits are usually em
bedded in great hills, and can be economically
explored and mined through tunnels. Water
is especially abundant, and desirable sites for
reduction, works are conveniently available.
Opportunities for the generation of electric
power are widely present. The belt is bisect
ed by a main railroad lice, and highways reach
the various districts. Climatic conditions • are
all favorable. The wood and timber supply is
ample.
lEOU MOTTNTATN" OPERATION'S.
SHASTA'S GREAT BELT.
California" » copper deposits have a remark
ably wide distribution, being scattered over the
length and breadth of the State and occurring
In practically every one of its fifty-seven coun
ties. Thousands of deposits have been sub
jects of mining locations at different times and
hundreds have yielded at least a few tons of
merchantable ore as a result of superficial pros
pecting. There Is hardly a county in the State
which i>as not at come time made at least
small contributions to the copper supply. Small
deposits, usually small bo far as revealed by
slight development, are scattered at varylrfg
intervals along the borders of the State and
throughout every section of It except in the
detrital deposits of the valleys. The deposits
of economic importance are mainly concen
trated in certain belts and districts which re
quire chief consideration. For convenience the
deposits are grouped in four geographical divi
sions. Shasta County, the Coast Range, the
Sierra Nevada Range and the general arid
region of Southeastern California,
The leading copper district of California Is
in Shasta County and th.is promises to remain
cf overshadowing Importance for a good while.
Here is a series of copper deposits forming a
curved belt nearly thirty miles long. Of sec
ond importance is the copper belt of the •west
ern slope of the Sierras., which in territorial
magnitude is not rivaled in the world. Here is
an almost continuous series of copper deposits
etretching north and south about 400 miles.
While the Coast Kange displays copper deposits
throughout its length of 500 miles, its import
ant copper districts are in the northern por
tion, extending for about 150 miles southward
from the Oregon line. Except in Del Norte
County, in the northwestern corner of the
Etate, where several mines were productive of
considerable Quantities of shipping ore nearly
forty years ago, the deposits of this range have
not been developed beyond the most superficial
prospecting in a few instances, but surface In
dications point to the existence of cupriferous
veins cf sufficient size and value to warrant
development and the expectation that this
great mineral region will Include profitable
copper min— among Its Industries.
Ac Interesting feature of th« copper
volume is a table showing the growth of
the copper industry in the State from the
year 16S7. In that year the output, in
value, was $132,000. It Increased the fol
lowing year but fell as low as $3502 in
1S90. The figures did not pass the million
collar mark until 1S37, when the- total
value was $1,5-TJ,666. The year 1838 brought
the total up to $2,475,168, Tl-e following
year the ag-gregate value «f the output
was $3,990,534. In 1900 the figures were
$4,748,242. Describing the Shasta copper
belt in general terms the volume on cop
per lias the following:
HAVB WIDE RANGE.
There are copper deposits outside of the
great copper belt of Shasta County, • in
tSiskiyou, Del Norte, Trinity, Humboldt,
Tehama. Glenn. Colusa, Mendocino. Lake.
Napa, Sonoma, Marin, Alameda, Merced,
San Beuito and San I.uls Ob.spo counties
in the Coast Range; also in ihe Sierra
Nevada copper belt there are found de
posits in Plumas, Sierra, Yuba, Nevada,
Placer, El Dorado. Amador. Calavcras,
Alpine, Tuolumne. Mariposa, Madeta,
Kittsuo, Tulare and Kern counties; also
In Mono, Inyo. San Bernardino, Riverside,
San Diego and L.cs Angeles counties.
Concerning the condition of the copper
industry the volume says:
The copper resources of California make
the theme of an extremely Interesting
volume of nearly 300 pages that has just
been issued by State Mineralogist Aubury.
The many deposits of the red metal in
this State make an imposing Ehow'in the
recapitulation. California Is now the
iowth copper producing State in the
Union. Its copper output in 1901 amount
ed to 34.S31.7S2 pounds and was valued at
£5,501.782. While Michigan, Montana and
Arizona greatly exceed this output the
fcgures of th© world's production show
California to be one of the most import
ant sources of the world's supply. That
the output of this State will continue to
increase largely there is no doubt.
Gold Miners Make Strikes of
Weaith in the Moun
tains.
Distinguished Company of
Citizens Witnesses
I Ceremony.
Review of Red Metal De
posits of California Is
Supplied.
Daughter of Denver's
. Mayor at Cruiser
Launching. \
AUBURY TELLS
ABOUT COPPER
COLORADO GIRL
NAMES THE SHIP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
27
HIBHLAND SPRH&S
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of -
LIVER, KIDNEY, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. / FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling. Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel";. $10 per week
Two persons In room, "small hotel". $18 per week
One person in room, "cottages" . ...$11 per week
Two persons ln room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person ln room, "MAIN HOTEL"
........$12 and $14 per week
Two persons In room, "MAIN HOTEL" ....
.$20 and $22 per week
Special Inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery St., or write direct to CRAIO
& WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3)4 Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
1002.
Our famous band of 25 musicians, including
the great cornet soloist, CHARLES STREEP-
ER of St. Louis.
Daily concerts June 14 to Sept. IB. Phenom-
enal fishing. World's records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
Glass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
tel and Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a special feature.
HOTEL /V\ETROF»O£wE
Enlarged, lighted ' by electricity and ln all
respects up to date.
GOLF, ' TENNIS, DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full information, illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU,
BANNING CO., 11 Montgomery st., S. F.
222 S. Spring Bt., Los Angeles, Cal.
ens n r\r\c\ HOT springs, sono-
SK MlTtiS MA COUNTY: only i%
\JI\n%J%J\J hours from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath in State;
boating and swimming ln Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail, express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and atter-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates %1
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st. ; also at Traveler office. 20
Montgomery St., or of' J. F. MULGREW,
Skaggs; . Cal. \ -
£TNA SPRINGS, ;."&*¦
The residents of San Francisco and Oak-
land, in search of rest and warm weather,
should apply \ at once for accommodation
at this popular resort. Table and beds
* unexcelled. f ', '
EDW. L. EANFORD, Manager.
All nnll Hot Springs for health and
I ¦ B UllW' Pleasure, for rheumatism.
Illi Ilil I kidney, liver and stomach
\3 I Ea 1 1 I trouble. Water stands un-
i i '¦ surpassed. Trained mas-
seur. Long distance telephone. Trains from
Third and Townsend 0 a. m., 2:45 p. m. For
pamphlets address , R. ROBERTSON.
BLACK ROCK RANGE
Resort. Altitude 3000 feet 10,000 acres; rich
in game. Hunting reserved for guests. 20
miles of fishing streams. Guides, livery, saddle
and pack horses. Mineral springs. ,Hot and
cold baths. Superior accommodations. $8 to
$10 per week. Special rates to families (cir-
cular). T. J. CROWLEY, Laytonville. Mendo-
cino County, Cal.- Peck's Information Bureau,
II Montgomery St. .
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc. ; free teams to mineral springs, 15 kinds.
Call "Travelers'. Bureau," 20 Montgomery st.
or address E. Durnan, Laurel Dell, Lake Co.!
Cal. - . ¦ ¦
AQUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many Improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS, Proprietor,
Agtia Callente, Cal. , ¦. .
SEIGLER SPRINGS^ arsa
. & mineral 'waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, .stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing, Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave.. or
Eelgler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. Elevation 1650 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. All varieties fruit,
iron springs, bunting,' mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dress P. E. HOLZREITER. Napa.
OCEAN VILLA.
BANTA CRUZ.
Large grounds. Boating and bathing free.
Free bus. . Send for circular. C. M. CLARK.
AMES <»i HARRIS
v-^ Inc. :
TENTS. HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS,
• CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. ¦ San Francisco.
Springs
Adams
For stomach, liver and kidney troubles— •
positive euro for constipation. . New kltcnea
and dining-room, under the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Hans Mortensin and assistants,
recently from Hotel del Coronado. Five n«M
houses. Room tor all. We have more testi-
monials from people cured than all other
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed matter
at Travelers' Information Bureau, 20 Mont-
gomery St., Saa Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHER.
Adams Springs.
LAKE COUNTY, CAL,
Whilst It is true that we are not "in
business for our health," It Is true that
we are "ln business for your health."
Wo afford you the opportunity to visit
Nature's Physician and dwell with him.
He lives In our valleys, our foothills, our
mountain ranges and canyona, along our
streams and on the shores of our lakes.
Visit him. The expense is not great,
which you will learn by reading
"VACATION, 1902."
This little book, "Vacation, 1902," issued
by the California Northwestern Bail-
way Company, gives complete Informa-
tion for any kind of an outing.
To be had at Ticket offices of company,
650 Market street (Chronicle Building),
and Tiburon Ferry, or at the General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
. Sans'bme and California streets. Call or
write- for a copy.
H. C. WHITTNG, Gen'l Manager.
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
Buy ticket to Campus Station. For particu-
lars and booklet write THOS. L. BKT.T» P. O..
Felton, CaL Opens June 1st.
ARCADIA,
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half Mlb
From Big Tree Grove.
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
at;
golt, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will "be . there ¦ all the time.
Automobile coaching from the hotel
throughout the valley. ,.
GEORGE P. SNELL, Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
«-**xTr«k Nature's own selec
pflltf ¦ tlon for a health and
. • i JL \JX\ . pleasure resort be-
•____ 1 ± _-_ cause of the curative
l-fH A I TH properties of its mud
. Ill .-#-V B . X XX ' and FUlphur baths for
. . rheumatism, insom-
A YvT 1\ nla, gout, neuralgia,
: ' /\.rMlJ llver.kldney and blood
¦ ./' - T..T.T. -tTT.- diseases. Has every
f\J *3 A OTT¥\X3 natural advantage for
HI rA.ll;Ur. pleasure, scenic beau-
*rM-tEuX\»J\/ XCft-i |y and ba i my climate.
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. f. Aft
; — — — — ~~ — : " ~
DR./c. C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and. stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh in the world: 46
miles from S. F. . The S. P. R. R. and B'. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
30 cottages and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs -nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable ¦ rates. Inquire of
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office 1021% Market
St., bet. Sixth and Seventh. San Francisco.-
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry. 7:30 a. m., 3:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st. Phone
Butter 2371, 11 Montgomery st, or A. V.
MORSE, Lytton. Sonoma County, Cal.
Lake Tahoe Ry. and Transportation Co.
Lv. Truckee (Rail) 7 a.m. Ar. Tahoe City S a.m.
Breakfast at Tahoe Tavern
Lv.TahoeClty(Steamer)9a.m. ArTahoeCitySpm.
. Supper et Tahoe Tavern .-:- - :• - '
LvTahoeCltyiR?il)6:30p.m. Ar.Truckee7 :20p.m.
TAHOE TAVEM,
'£ LAKE TAHOE/
"NOT BETTER THAN. THE BEST, BUT /
BETTER THAN THE REST."
Will formally open for guests June 12th. Bald
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains." Try it and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room and
board for $3 per day, but you can spend more
if you want to. ; . .
For folder giving full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN. TAHOE CITT.
CAL. ¦ . . . ¦
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & Cp.. Tallac. Cal.
Note — Positively aa consumptives taken.
For descriptive pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, €13 Market St.
BROCK WAY, LAKE TAHOE,
: OPEN JUNE 1.'
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLY-HO
Over our short cut. - It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages, i Best fishing on the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND. proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINGS
Open . June 15. Connections by stage dally
with steamer. Rates, $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT. Prop., Me-
Klnneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. "Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire; $2 per
day, or $10, $12, $14 per week Fostofnce, teL
A.. L. Frost, Rubicon Park, Lake Tahoe, Cal.
DEER PARK INN AND COTTAGES.
6 miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place; 6607 feet elevation. Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
* TAHOE IlSrV,
Tahoe City, one mile from new Hotel. Now open.
Write for terms. MR3. VADB BRYSON, prop.
TRUCKEE RIVER c<5UN1 c!l\, B .
Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled: fish hatchery. Second season.
Bend for booklet W. C. Foulks. Verdi, NeV.
TAMP TAYI flft HOTEL, camp cottage*
LAiUr lAILUU and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout flab-
Ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 Montgom-
ery street H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WITTER P.O.. Lake Co., Cat.
Main office and water depot. 818 Market
street, room 64, city.
• ¦ ' R. McCORMICK, Manager.
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LIVER,
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders ln all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading physicians. Thousands cured.
Tickets Cal. & N. W. R. R. ; stage from Ukiah.
Call or address
THE seaside resort of Central California
— enlarged, improved — per day $z upwards
—fine orchestra — now open, send for
Dookiet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briare.
For cottages, F. Reanier, Capitola, CaL
APITOL
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from, the city.
Most beautiful location and marine view. An
unexcelled summer and winter resort. Table and
service of the best. W.- O. GRAHAM. Prop.
AND COTTAGES,
HOTEL GENEVA
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, CAL. <
For health and pleasure go ' to Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
daily, 7:30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Boda Springs.
o — : — - v : — — o
BARTLETT SPRINGS.
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength;, also, have a. pleasant vacation.
RATFS -Hotel $10 to $15 per week. Eonie-
aa i L J. keepiog Cottages $3 to $15 per week.
* Send for Illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS. , -
/ GEORGE WATSON, manager ot amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards, Shuffle-Board, Ping Pong,
Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank. 20x80; ;
. Hot Water. Vapor, Tub. Mineral and Ro-
man Baths; competent Massaglsts; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O., Bartlett Springs,
• Or No.' 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco.
o s
CAMP CURRY
Arrivals, May. 1901 .' 80
Arrivals, May, 1902 ; 202 ~
Office, Peck's Information Bureau,
" 11 Montgomery st. ' ¦
YOSEMITE.
JXyron Jiot Springs
*^. CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL.
New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 hours' ride, S. P. R. R., 9 a. m.,
6 p. m.; no staging. Address MANAGER
LEWIS, Byron Hot Springs, Cal. Call on
LOMBARD & CO.. 36. Geary St., city.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through tha- Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2% hours first afternoon and
0 hours next day, arriving at Tosemlte Valley
6 p. m. Bend for illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE. Gen'l. Agent, 630 Market st.. opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.; tel. Black 3871.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent bunting, flshlng
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newlr renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN. Proprietor. Duncans Mills. Cal. . For
information and rates inquire ot Peck's Bu-
reau. 11 Montgomery st.. or write R. C, Cal-
noun. Proprietor.
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating, Bathing. Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral springs. Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN. Mldlako
P. O., Lake County, or call at office of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. 650 Market st '-..''
• : : On line of Sierra Ry. ;
HOTEL t: elevation 1471 ft.;
NEVILLS. :: m0Bt eI eeantly ap-
MMFCTftWN :: P° lnted hote l ln the
dAinfco 1UW1>, :; mountains; stop here
CAL* :: on vour wav to • or
'• : from Tosemlte Valley
HOWELL MT,, WOODWORK'S
Residence of 27 years; second year of sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Home
fruit, vegetables, milk, etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER. St. Helena. Cal. -
1\ AnM «»lAMMAM In the heart of the Stnt»
for a daily salt water swim. Redwoods and sea breezes
—a wonderful combination, j Souvenir booklet .free.
Peek's Information Bureau, II Montgomery Street,
. S. P., or B. Dickinson, Leesee, Ben Lomond, CaL
OWN A HOME^tS^'CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating bathing, tenting
groflnd. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store postoffice. Sausallto ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Ratee. $2 and $2 60 per day; $10 to (14 per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery st,
or address EDSON BROS., Beswlck, Siskiyou
County, Cal.
PAR A1SO SPRINGS.
The leading summer and winter resort of the
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. W.
SCHROEDER, Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
Montgomery at. . . ¦ .
CONGRESS SPRINCS.
A charming resort In the Santa Cruz Mts.;
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; best medicinal
waters ln the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL, Hopland, Mendocino Co., CaL .
WHITE COTTAGES.
Ho well Mountain; altitude 2000 feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mall; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping, grounds; $8 per week. Write
MRS, J. H. OOETSCHE. Angwln. Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From SiEson. * Address H. McQulnness, Prop.
EL MO.NTE HOTEL. Blason, CaL Expe-
rienced guides at hotel. .- ¦• . |,.-
"TH BO ROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of Tallao. Rates.
$2 per day. $9 per week; meals, 60c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P.. Cal. -.-..¦,.
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and ' full
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., or
R. R. office, 660 Market, ¦ or John Martens,
Bachelor P. O.. Lake Co., Cat.
. . MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point ln Santa
Crux Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. Stage at Madrone Monday, Wed. and
Bat. Train leaves 8. F. 0 a. m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal.. Prop.
AMONG THE FMNES.
.Altitude 2024 feet; plenty of cream, , fruit, etc;
near P. O.; home cooking; L. D. phone;. , no
consumptives; (6 and $7 per week. Address R.
F. WARHAM. Applegate, Placer County, Cal.
SUMMER RESORT, .
. Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; first-class accommodation. Before
going els where write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate,' Placer County, CaL '.'
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; flsh-
lng, bathing; beautiful drives to Bear Valley,
etc Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND. ot
Bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m_
S;I: TOCALOMA M §g N
J.. E. MANLOVE A WIFE, (formerly JSn.
• t' Leach). Proprietors.
ROSS VALLEY.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
A REFINED family will accommodate a few
select boarders of means for sake of com-
pany during the summer; country place situate!
In foothills of Frultvale; commanding view;
magnificent house, grounds and stables: aa
ideal spot. Apply Q. P., box 1176. Call office.
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Cruz Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $S and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. $2 SO. Call at
Travelers' Bureau. 20 Montgomery st, or ad-
dress M. S. COX. Laurel, Santa Cruz Co.
THE PUBISSIMA HOUSE-Near the
ocean. Fishin*. only Mt. trout stream "in
county. Look distance phone. $2 per day. C.
P. MOSCONI. Prop.. Purisslma, San Mateo
Co., Cal.
T. BAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
homelike resort is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capitola. GomJ
table board, hunting and flshlng. Address E.
D. WEBB. Soqnel, CaL - '
Mountain View Ranch — Hotel, cottages.
well-known table. Phone, swimming, dally
mall; campers to. Glenwood, Including carriage,
$3 75 round trip. F. R. DANN, Santa Craa.
HITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort ln Sonoma County. Open all yeas
round. Rates. $8 to $12. Take Tlburon ferry.
Bus meets all trains. E. HA WES. Santa Rosa.
ILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch, 3
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful home
In redwoods: abundant fruit; good table; $3 54
per wk. MRS. WM. CRANDELL, Santa Craa.
GAKDEN" CITY SANITARIUM. Saa
Jose, Cal. — One of the best equipped oa th#
coast. Every variety of water treatment, elac-
trtclty, massage. X-ray. Write for literature.
BELLE VUE HOTEL— El Verano, Sonoma
County, CaL Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral springs near by. Peter Gouailhardou, Prop.
KING'S RANCH— Six miles from Cazadera. 1
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting, flshlng. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KING. Caxadero.
A MAISON TAHITIENNE— Private resl-
1ence; home cooking; berrler. & cream: terms
reasble. Box 264, Frultvale. Alameda Co., Cal.
QISSON TAVEBN. near Mt. Shasta. Par-
*O tlculars "Information Bureau." 20 Mont-
gomery st.: or MRS. L. M. BISSON. Slaaoa. Cal.
BERGHEIM — Two nilea from Los Gates.
home cooking. P. DISQUE. Los Gatos. CaL
STAGE LUTES AND LIVEBIE3.
L"~A /HONDA~and " PESOA^MtO^fnwugi the"
redwoods to the ocean. Hayward's. Wurr"«»
Bellvale. : Pigeon PC and Santa Crux. Buy R_
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train, 3<S
and Townsend sts.: 9:20 a. m. from San Jose.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. CaL
rirr r CTini EC Ukiah. Tourists, catajt-
CAULC M ADLCO ers, hunters. Writ* u
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and Saa
Gregorlo, .dally all year; twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.& 4:15 p. m.
ASHION STABLES, UKIAH AND WII*.
lits — Tourists, ' campers, hunters, writ* . J.
H. Smith. Ukiah. Smith & Taylor. Willlta. fo«
any kind of turnout. • .
[LROY Fashion Livery; good service; rea*.^
rates. Off. GUroy Spr. stage./ H. Mayocfc.
SANTA CRUZ— San Lorenxo Stables. Styl-
ish rigs. Reasonable prices.
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable ln Laks
Oo. ; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia «nd
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh kidney, liver and stomach troubles; new ¦
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets, S. P. office*
$8. J. A. HAYS. Prop.
OLCHAKDSON'S^ SPRINGS — T e a
avtnUes from Chlco. CaL Noted for being a>
sure cur* for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc. A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel and baths open entire year. J,
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. Chieo. Cal.
BEAUTIFUL CAMP MEEKER — One of Cal-
ifornia's most romantic spots: cottages and
rooms newly furnished: restaurant remodeled;
under new management; terms $3 per week;
boating, bathing and other amusements; tak«
Sausallto ferry; lots for sale, $10 up. Address
H. M. GREGSON, sole proprietor.
HOUSE ON THE HILL SANITARIUM.
Upper Frultvale. Large flower and fruit
farm; magnificent view; superb climate; sunny
rooms; good table; sun baths; other baths:
trained nurses; easy of access; guests limited.
Address A. W. BRODT, Dimond, CaL; phone
Ash M7. " ' - •"*«¦ ¦ ¦ .
VICHY SPRINGS-3 miles from Ukiah.
? Mendocino Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne bath*. Only place ln the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm water direct from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations; table first-class.
J A REDEMEYER A CO.. Props.
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINOd
STAGE LINE— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with trains
at Hopland. iJeave Hopland at 12:30; arrive at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6-horse It-passenger tourist wagons,
made to order for this stage line, with all tha
most modern improvements. Passengers tot
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for tickets by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can b«
bad at office Cal. Northwestern Ry.. 650 Mar-
ket st., or at Tlburon Ferry.
MILLER St HOWARD.' Proprietors.
HOTELS
iVIATEO,
SAN
MATEO,
CAL
rennla Tournament
Championship
San Mateo County.
July 8 and 4.
' Hotel Mateo
Cup Court.
ft I II I Napa County. The most
\ I H 0 I 0 11 0 cn arm l n S spot ln Callfor-
fJli lininlln nla - Ideal for a summer
Wtl IIUIVIIU vacation. Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roado. Good hotels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday.
$2.50. Take boat foot of Market street, 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management: all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting fishing, boating ; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. P. CARR, Manager. Russian River station
via Duncans Mills, Cal.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per-
fect; 16 miles from Truckee, in an unbroken,
forest. Further information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery st, or MRS. H. M. CLEMONS,
Truckee. Cal.
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Nearest place to S. F.. 2% hours; 8 milea
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cor* rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, atom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathlnx.
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Fre«
bus to guests. M. MADRID, Vallejo. CaL
'WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL;
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting,
fishing, swimming; and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire - of THEO. BLANCKENBURQ
JR., prop.. OakvUIe, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau, 11 Montgomery st.
JOHANNISBERO.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home. Sonoma. ..Will meet gueata.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives;
¦wimming; fruits; $5 per week. HENRY PEL-
LISSIEK, Sonoma. Sonoma County, CaL
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINOS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POSI-
Uve cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carrtafv
meets all trains. Board, - Including baths, J3
per week. Address W. N. McCORMICK. St.
Helena, CaL
1 THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
Z, _ School will be open to rummer
MBNLO guests during June and July.
_,„.. Superior climate, excellent
PAKK. table; reasonable prices. Ad-
________ dress IRA O. HOITT.
For rest and health | M THE SIERRAS
near Coif ax on U.P.R.E. Elevation Just right —
2lu0 f t.— J88 miles from San Fr. No staging; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send tot
booklet Orchard Springs. Coif ax. Cal
(Sonoma County). New management: rooms
plastered and hard finished; new •furniture;
new. private bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round: white help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See.pamphUt.
THE GEYSERS.
The land of mines, .pines ana sunshine. Na-
tional Hotel and Annex.' Matchless climate,
mountain scenery, .pine groves, famous gold
mines. - Perfect accommodations.; Reasonable
rates. >
NEVADA CITY.
SOLID COMIOfilHOME SSEff&o 1 *:-
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Large or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot, cold baths. : Spring
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stags
meets train. Scbuler A Scheben.' Napa, Cal. ..
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS GATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates.. $9 to $14 per week.
HORFRG'S Among the Fine Mountains.
IIUDLIVll O California's choicest climate.
The place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ming, croquet, hunting, fishing and the best of
meals. Rates $S per week. . For further Infor-
mation Inquire 10 Montgomery st.. or Hoberg's,
Lako County. MRS. M. HOBERG. Prop.
TROUT FISHING.
Best in State at BOCA, CAU
* For Information address Boca Hotel, Boca,
Nev. Co.. CaL, on TRUCKEE RTVER.
(For boys) Menlo Park, San Mateo County, Cal.
Careful supervision, perfect climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training. Prepares
for university or for business. Send for Illus-
trated catalog. IRA G. HOITT, Ph. D..
. Principal.
HOITT»S SCHOOL
COkdNADO TENT CITY
Cprbriado Beach, Cal.
BATHING, FISHING, BOATING, '
GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE,
PING-PONC5, DANCING, BOWLING
and all other amusements, with one of the finest bands In- the West and several fine
orchestras. Economical,, comfortable and amusing. . '
Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on sale att -
Atohison, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St $24.50 J
'1 Southern Pacific Ry. Co., 618 Market Et. .924.50
Pacific Coast B.S. Co., 4 New Montgomery. Et. ...... ...............$23.OO
'. " Including berth and meals. <
'¦', - Ground and water rent free for* one month with above tickets. '-¦-¦/.
' Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets
ever the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not
charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets include all this,
a« well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train, and transfer of -
ICO pounds of baggage. rjj .; v
. Persons who bring their own tents, but not holding Coronado excursion
tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per month -ground rent, which includes free
use' of water. , "..
V>'-V Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following
prices per week (for the month of June 50 per cent discount):
<; Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress, $125; cot. single, 25c; spring
; cot, double, SOc ; mattress, single, 25c ; mattress, ' double, DOc ; pillows, 25c ; blankets,
25c; comforters, 25c; table, 25c; campstool. 10c; chairs, 25c; rocking chairs, 30c;
gasoline stoves, SOc; oil stoves, 25c; washstauds, complete, 35c; cooking utensils for
three persons, 75c; lamp, with oil, 25c. 1 \ ,- ¦ V < ; >;
¦ ¦ Prices per month . double L the weekly rates. • .*•>":
> Furnished' tent for. one person,' $12 per month.' For two persons, $20. and each
additional person $5. per month. Furnished tent comprises beds, bedding, tables,
wash 6tands, rocking, folding and camp chairs, . clean linen, towels, water, -dally care
of tent and laundry ot tent linen. Tents electric . lighted. . Perfect ' sewerage.
For pamphlets and full particulars call oii ' ¦„' s "' ..
I : ;/ : PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU,: II Montgomery St., San Francisco, Ca!. ;
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE:
SENATOR 9 P. M., JULY 1
VALENCIA 9 P. M., JULY 16
And fortnightly thereafter during the season
Steamship CITY OF PUEBLA, leaving San
Francisco June 25 and July 10, will connect
with above steamers. The new and elegant
steamships Senator and Valencia made regular
trips to Nome last year, landing all passengers
and freight without loss, mishap or delay. For
TICKET OfItCtL fTJ 0^ ar ' ply
2KS?tp2ac?lS£8?- Montgomery
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. A*!,
10 Market St, San Francisco."
STongPoChy,
Successor to DR, LI PO TAL
CHINESE TEA AND HERB
SANITARIUM.
/ No. 727 WASHINGTON ST..
Corner Brenham Place, Above
Plaza, San Francisco, Cal.
Office hours from 9 to 12 and
1 to 9. Sundays, 0 to 12.
AGENTS WANTED.
Is not a medicine, not a faith cure, nor a
humbug, nor is it a device Intended to lure
money from sick and suffering humanity.
When applied to the body as directed it cor-
rects all deviations from the ¦ normal and
proves ever and always, an unfailing healei 1 —
man's best friend.
"How does It heal?" you ask. By making
operative nature's laws through their scientific
and direct application.
I would not part with my Oxygenor for any
consideration if I could not get another.
(Rev.) H. JACOBSON.
95 Pine St., Cambridgeport, Mass.
Catalogue and terms free at our office, 214
Callaghan Building.
CALIFORNIA OXYGENOR CO.
"HEM.1- THE SICK »'
THE PERFECTED
OXYGENOR KING
t. _^_— 1^_ __***^- <au"-^*— ~. Z*.Henry Austin " Adams, the well-known
Eastern lecturer, who has been delivering
a, course, of ;¦ lectures for. .the ; benefit,- of
the Catholic Truth Society ., in ; *hls city
for the last few weeks,' will deliver! two
Lecture on . Erin's ¦ Destiny.
Low prices and good work In • making
over furniture and mattresses. . Hopke
Bros., 411-413 Powell st. Phone Bush(421.\».
, The hall will be lavishly decorated, and
In addition there will be I displayed a' he
roic figure of .Peace— an original - design
by V. P. Sollom. 'All the fraternal so
cieties have co-operated and will be rep
resented by their officers. The * already
brisk demand" for tickets augurs well, for
a very handsome sum to be "forwarded
as a peace offering'. .' , : ;
W. . Greer Harrison • will . speak : on
"Peace," Consul General Bennett of "The
King" and Major Frederick d'Evelyn on
irTommy Atkins." The entertainers- will
bo the American Quartet, Highland
pipers, Mrs. Batchelder Cushing of ; New
York, H. H. Barnhardt,' Mrs. "Dexter,
Miss Kathr> r n Parlow, the famous child
violinist; J. F. Veaco, E. J. Williams ami
Alfred Wilkie. ' : y;
The band of the American-British Rifles
will render music during the proceedings.
A grand peace celebration will , be held
in Metropolitan Hall Thursday, evening,
June 26, at 8 o'clock, under. the presidency
of his Britannic Majesty's Consul Gen
eral. ' ' .' " ....; ... "¦"' \ .'¦ _¦ :':,. •'¦..' ¦
Proceeds to Be Forwarded to Lord
. Milner for Home Beconstructioxi
Fund. -¦¦-.
PEACE CELEBRATION
ON CORONATION 1>AY
Timothy J. Fitzpatrick, Assistant Dis
trict* Attorney,' leaves to-day .for Santa
Catalina Islands for his annual vacation.
Mr. Fitzpatrick will bo gone two weeka,'
and during his stay will attempt to land
a tuna and have himself and the fish pho
tographed. He was the guest of honor at
a, theater party tendered him last even
ing by Drs. Gianlnnl and McElroy, Jo r .
seph Campodonico and Mr. Arrata.
Will Txy to Catch Tunas.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. BOo flask. Richard & Co., 406 Clay. •
What the small boy saw at the circus—
sawdust.
Dr. J. M. Williamson, president of the
Board of Health, stated yesterday that
the reduced appropriation recommended
by the Mayor for the Health Department
might necessitate the abolishing of. the
Harbor Emergency Hospital. It also may
become Imperative to do away with the
Park Emergency Hospital. Dr. William
son regrets the possible elimination of
the hospitals, as. a large number of cases
are handled yearly, but he says there is
no other alternative. '/T-"[ > .',¦*.:
May Abolish Emergency Hospitals.
The man who finds it difHculfto keep
the wolf. from the door should' never live
where there., are many doors. . ¦
To-morrow and all of this week The
Bee Hive will sell Patent Leather Shoes
for ladles as well as for men,- that are
worth $5 a pair, for $2 15. They are made
of Patent Calf and Kid in Goodyear welt
and hand turned, yet $2 15 •will buy a pair
of them at Manufacturers' Shoe Sale, 717
Market street, near Third. • . . . •
This "Week Only.
Profusely illustrated book on San Fran
cisco; can be secured at Santa Fe Ticket
Office, 641 Market sj. Price 10 cents.
Souvenir. Book San Francisco.
Augustus Marks, a former soldier, was
convicted by Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of disturbing the peace and" fined
$20. Friday Marks was in a saloon ' on
Kearny street, near Jackson, and got a
boy to polish his boots. When the boy
asked for his nickel Marks kicked him
out of the saloon. The boy stood on the
sidewalk crying and Policeman Ingnam,
who happened to be passing, learned what
he was crying about and told Marks to
pay the boy. Marks attempted, to strike
Ingham ana was promptly arrested.
Paid I>early for Shine.
Colonel A. C. Girard. who has been re
cently promoted to the position of as
sistant surgeon general, with offices in
Washington, D. C, was presented , with a
handsome silver | dinner -set- at • the -Pre-:
sidio general hospital yesterday by the
enlisted men of the hospital • corps on
duty in this city. Steward Lang delivered
the presentation speech. Colonel Girard
will leave San Francisco on June 30. ,'.-.¦ !
Do Honor to Colonel Girard.
S. J. Mott; a /miller, residing in Sacra
mento, filed a petition in insolvency yes
terday in the United States District
Court. His liabilities are $1724 30. He has
no assets. . • ¦ ,
An Insolvent Miller.
Two of the Parks children. are minors,
the eldest, | Lauretta, being 22 - years of
age. The other two are boys, aged 20 and
11 years. -
Mrs. Parks also alleges that her spouse
possesses a . morbidly jealous disposition,
and has for the last five years caused her
great agony by unreasoning surveillance.
She says he has rummaged through her
trunks and papers and read her j letters.
i While she was engaged in the cloakroom
of the Grand Opera House, alleges Mrs.
Pa rks, her husband maligned and abused
her in the presence of their children and
drove her almost to distraction by making
insinuations against her character. He
compelled her, she alleges, to go to and
from the theater unattended. _ She alleges
further that Parks endeavored, to procure
her dismissal from a ¦ position she held
with Lutz, the druggist, by belittling 'and
abusing her.
Mrs. Kate Parks, a member of the choir
of Grace Methodist Church and of the
San Francisco Oratorio Society, and who
was married to Frank S. Parks twenty
six years ago, has tired\of bonds that
have proved anything but pleasing and is
suing for divorce.- In her complaint, filed
yesterday, she alleges that for the last
five years she has had to toll at all sorts
of occupations to earn the means of cloth
ing and feeding herself and three chil
dren. Her efforts to make a decent liv
ing have been thwarted by her husband,
she says, and also alleges.that he follows
her about from place to place and strives
by innuendo and accusations against her
character to, cause her 'to lose her em
ployment. /:, .. ,. / :
Mrs. Kate Parks Accuses
Her Spouse of An
noying Her.
Mrs. Sarah Barry, 28 years of age, was
taken to the Harbor Hospital yesterday
suffering from what were believed to be
symptoms of poisoning. She died in the
hospital, and the body was removed to
the Morgue. Two flasks, one of which
had contained whisky and the other half
full of whisky, were found in the wom
an's room. The stomach; was sent to the
city, chemist for examination. Mrs. Bar
ry had been- separated from her husband.
Sudden Death of. Sarah Barry.
Seventy-Two Dollars and Forty Cents
To* Minneapolis , and return." ; On July first
and second the Santa Fe will sell tickets
at this low rate, account the annual meet
ing of the National Educational Associa
tion. Return limit August 31, 1902. Special
side ride rates to th'e.Grand Canyon will
be granted to holders of these tickets.
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent, 641 Market st., for folder and full
particulars. ' :<* • .
Charles Coulter was sentenced to three
years in San Quentin on a charge of bur
glary. On the > night of February 14 he
and another man who escaped broke the
¦window in the store of George H. Kahn,
optician, 201 Kearny street, and - stole
about $200 worth of goods.
O.'S. Emery was sentenced to three and
a half years in San Quentin on a charge
of forgery. He is a former soldier and the
Judge took into consideration his previous
good character. He forged the name of
W. R. Morton, the. drayman, to a check
for $23, which he passed on P. J. Kelly,
proprietor of a restaurant on Harrison
street. ¦ v • ¦¦' ¦ ' -
Sentence was passed by. Judge Lawlor
yesterday upon three defendants convict
ed by juries in his court. John Poggl was
sent to San Quentin for four years for
an assault to commit grand larceny. Ha
and another man who escaped • attacked
Walter Bergholtz In Hardie place on the
n5ght of February 22 and attempted to
rob him.
Coulter Sent to San
Quentin.
John Poggi, O. S. Emery and Charles
Mrs. Barnett said that- her husband,
who is a wholesale baker and always car
ried a lot of money with him, left Okla
homa City two weeks ago to come here
and it was arranged that she should fol
low In a week. He told her he would reg
ister at the New Western Hotel. She ar
rived here yesterday morning and went to
the hotel, but her husband had not been
there and nothing was known about him.
She is afraid that he may have been
robbed and possibly murdered.
Mrs. P. G. Barnett of Oklahoma City
reported to the police yesterday the dis
appearance of her husband and asked for
assistance in the search for him. Captain
Martin detailed two of his'men to search
the hotels and hospitals. ¦
sist Her in Search- for
Husband.
Mrs. P. G. Barnett Asks Police to As-
The bond and warrant clerk had fixed
Adams' bail at {20 cash, but the Judge
¦was so incensed at his alleged brutality
that he fixed his bonds at 5500 or $200 cash.
She told the Judge that she had a pet
kitten and Thursday afternoon It was
playing in the courtyard in front of
Adams' bouse. Adams, she alleges, came
put with a cane In his hand and attacked
the inoffensive kitten, beating it to death.
She notified the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Animals and yesterday
morning Officer Hooper, who Is attached
to the society, brought her to the Hall of
Justice to swear out a warrant for
Adams* arrest.
Mrs. Sarah Sam, 110% McAllister street,
swore out a. warrant before Judge Fritz
yesterday for the arrest of John Doe
/-.dams, a painter, who lives In the rear
of her house, on the charge of cruelty to
animals.
ATiJTngiff.
\V7arrant Out for Arrest of "John
Doe" Adams lor Cruelty to
ACCUSED 07 BEATING
A KITTEN TO DEATH
WEALTHY BAKER FROM
- - • OKLAHOMA DISAPPEARS
lectures for \ the* benefit of the uniform
fund of the League of. the Cross to-mor
row evening. The subject to-morrow even
ing will be "The Destiny j of Erin.V
and on Tuesday evening "Napoleon." A
short musical programme will precede
the lectures. Dr." Richard Do wdell, will
preside to-morrow evening and Colonel
James E. Power will preside on Tuesday
evening. . ' . . ¦ < . ,
KEEPS AT WORK
WITH DIFFICULTY
SENTENCE IS PASSED
; UPON" THBEE PRISONERS
' Judge Seawell issued an alternative writ
of mandamus returnable before him June
30, 1S02. .; ¦¦:•:':.¦¦.'. ..O V ¦': : v . ';-;
In an affidavit filed <wlth the complaint^
Wong Him avers that his 1 daughter Is a
native of r this country, and therefore en
titled to : the -privilege of attending the
public schools, of this city. He recites fur
ther that, she .was .adrnitted to the school
as a pupil fon July 22, 1901, and attended
regularly until -March 1, 1902, when, she
was, he avers, arbitrarily excluded.
"Wong Him brought a similar suit in
the Circuit Court a few days ago. '-¦¦¦_''¦
Dr. Wong Him, a Chinese, brought suit
yesterday for a writ of" mandate compell
ing Mary E". Callahan, principal of- : the
Clement Grammar School, to admit his
daughter, Katie Wong Him, to the school
'as a pupil. _
Redress at Hands of Superior
Court.
Dr. Wong Him, Her Father, Seeks
CHINESE NATIVE DAUGHTER
IS EXCLXTDEB FROM- SCHOOL
Samuel Halgh is beingisued ; fo'r divorce
by Alice I.- Haigh on", the ground' of
sertion, she alleging . that he . abandoned
her in February of last>year. : They 'were
married at Omaha in 1893.: /•¦:,'"?
.Amelia Newcomb, who . was- married to
Edward j E. Newcomb . at Los Angeles . in
February, 1900, . broughta. ! suit for dlyorce
yesterday. She , charges that " Newcomb
deserted her within four months after
their marriage.: v V ; ..V -.*;.,-.
Mrs. Emerson' asks for an order, of court
restraining" Emerson,, his ' attorneys or
agents f roni interfering" ;With,.- molesting,
approaching:or'addressl|ig'her. , : . • •-¦/, <
Henrietta Emerson is. suing 'E. W- Em
erson for divorce because, she alleges, he
lias treated~her;in"a'"cruel~ and Inhuman
manner ever, since their marriage In 1895.
The plaintiff , alleges that her husband
has cursed her, 'beaten her and threatened
to kill her.V" '. ; ~; '..;•; '.-,.¦' : \. - ' ' ' -
The Ferrenbachs have -two boys ; and- a
girl, aged 15,; 12 and 10 years respectively.
They moved to 928 Greenwich street,
shortly after this event, "and as •Ferren
bach continued his Ill-treatment his 'wife
brought a suit for divorce! \ The suit was
never prosecuted . because she alleges
Ferrenbach. promised; to be good and pre
vailed upon her to "kiss : and make up."
The suit was dismissed in July, 1896, and
they lived '¦ happily I until January, 19Q0,
when, she alleges,- Ferrenbach again com
menced abusing her and' continued hla
abuse until she brought a second, suit 'for.
divorce. This' action she also caused -to
be dismissed, on promises of reform, made
by her husband. He remained peaceful
for some time thereafter, alleges" Mrs.
Ferrenbach, and once again .theirs 'was, a
model home; but" not -for long, according
to the complaint, ''for. he soon resumed his
cruel treatment, continuing it until a few
days ago, when he became so : abusive, she
alleges, that she had to flee:to hervneigh
bors-for protection. •¦ ¦¦.¦/¦ . - • '. v^ ; : ; .
While they were residing at 914 Filbert
street, Mrs. Ferrenbach alleges, he flour
ished a pistol in her presence, threatened
to kill her,- and finally beat her black and
blue. . . , . <• ..
Notwithstanding the fact that Mra.
Minnie .Ferrenbach. has, ever since her
marriage in 1886 to Otto Ferrenbach,
treated him with unceasing: kindness, care
and wifely, devotion, so she says,; he has,
she alleges, treated her shamefully and
cruelly. - •" --
Piles Third Suit for Divorce
After Consenting to Dis
missal of Two.
Mrs. Ferrenbach Tires of
Husband's Failure ;
to Reform.
QUICKLY BREAKS
HIS PROMISES
t ¦¦¦¦¦¦ . - ' ' ' ' 4
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
28
'-?', ; ¦¦.:.. V, ,;:;'v--; --a ADVEBTisEanans. ;
uULLUnOf nAliUivbnUiiiLrg
AMU I AOCO
nlilJ LnUtQi
SPECIALS THIl^ WEEK.
500; Dozen LADIES' SWISS EMBROIDERED BAND COL-
:^- LARS, in alout 75 different patterns. These collars
are ln pure wnite/also white and Wack, and assorted
colors.... .....Price !2Kc"Each
Regular value 25c, 35c and 4Oc
75 Dozen LADIES' LAWN EMBROIDERED BAND COL-
:, LARS, 10 different patterns. These are In pure
white and grass linen shades... Price ?0c Each
Hi? ; - ' : ' " '- ; . Former price 40c
-i5O'bozen V LADIES' POINT VEN1SE LACE BAND COL-
- LARS,: 29 i different patterns. These collars were
Imported' to sell at 60g and 75g each
;:;.... :.....:. ........ All this lot 30c Each
-50 Dozen; LADIES' SWISS MULL AND LAWN WASH
\ ; GROAT TIES. These are In white and a good assort-
Price to close 25c Each'
100 Dozen SADIES' •UNLAUNDERED, HEMSTITCHED
AND INITIALED -SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS,
In these we have a full assortment of letters.
, . ;^; . ;;:> :h; : . . ... .... Price 90c Half Dozen
100 'Dozen DEMI-LAUNDERED AND HAND-
. ; •EMBRpipERED SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS..
...... .^:. ... j ..... .v. ........*.. S3.OO Dozen
100 Dozen GEN^'UNIAUNDERED, HEMSTITCHED AND
INITIALED /¦HANDKERCHIEFS. These are Irish
manufacture : and warranted pure linen
g^^^^Wiij|be^blcl at SI-5O Half Dozen
¦¦' 500 DdzeilENGLISHCOTTON TORCHON LACE, hotn edflh
ings and- lrisertlngs, from one Inch to three Inches
- In width) all good designs. ... —
.;... a r--- Prices 4OC|5Oc and 6Oc Dozen
Oiir Mall Order Department Is most complete. All
orders for samples or goods filled and shipped sama
-¦•VJ' g^; dau theij are recelYed.
w v AO^ III. 113/; 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
That s All I
M llViv **~* ¦L A.JLA •
HiE WILSON DISTILLING CO.,
Baltimore. Md.
JAKE JOSEPH, Representative,
300 Battery Street, San Francisco.
. ¦ "¦. - _-*¦ /. *'.'.'>.• '-->*iiU? -*.-* ¦ ¦-"'.T r '*; .*-, i . ¦ ' , ,¦ • - ¦ ¦ -^G ' . -*
Established .1823.
1HEJ. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
BEAUTIFUL ODD PIECES,
Chamber Suites to match; in^Birdseye Maple, Mahogany or Quarter- Sawed
Oak— Enameled' Bedsteads if you prefer, in various shades and with brass
trimmings. Mahogany and Oak Parlor Suites, too. We furnish your house
complete, from kitchen to parlor. A fine line of carpets just in. Call early,
but don't borrow .'any money to buy of us. Your, credit is good here.
WE OWN OUR OWN BUILDING— WE PAY NO RENT.
Free Delivery to Oakland, Alameda and Berkeley.
THE J. NOONAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.
1017-1023 Mission Street, above Sixth, San Francisco.
, WE CLOSE-AT 6;P. M. EyEBY DAY EXCEPT SATURDAY.
TJ T% TT Q XJ J? O FOR BARBERS. BAK-
OXlU OXiJ2i»3 «"• bootblacks, bath-
/ ¦*»— -*— *T houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canaer*.
dyers, flourmills. ' foundries, - laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
•tablemen, tar- roofers, tannera. tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers, 603 Sacramenia St
- • ¦ •- • - :\ -
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN,
Counselor-at-Law
U. S. Supreme Court. Registered Attorney
U. 8. Patent Office, United States and For-
eign Patents. Caveats, Trade Marks and
' Copyrights.
No. 700 Tth Street, N. W.
Qpp. u. s. Patent Office. Washington, D.C.
f Attractive Offeringfjs for |
I the Comings Week. I
X ¦ The unusual values told of below will be appreciated by every shrewd and econom- 5
• leal buyer. We have, planned for a very busy "week and will not ' be disappointed ' •
O as the highest class of merchandise, united with the lowest prices,- will be- the main- ®
A feature of this most Important sale. If you are not ' generously^supplied don't miss a
2 this chance to buy the choicest goods at the smallest prices. : •-., •. ¦. ¦. ¦¦. -•¦>^;'-JZ
8 \; Extraordinary Values in Shirt Waists. "^~ •
A A beautiful assortmentof white Lawn, Mercerized ' Zephyr and Madras Waist* A
2 8°«s on sale to-morrow. All .sizes, and colors are represented In this lot. » Prices like 5C
2' these were never put on such- a complete assortment at this time of the season. X
5' FINE -MERCERIZED". ZEPHYR AND A fine assortment of best quality PER- 5
• MADRAS^ WAISTS In beautiful striped, : CALE and COLORED .DIMITT ¦ •
• ¦" effects and handsome colorings; also . WAISTS, .some buttoned In back; all O
• WHITE; SHEER: LAWN WAISTS, this season's styles. $100 and &
m Regular values, ' $1 25 ; and O Qf. $125 .waists. Special at nn^ Z
T ' $1 50. Special at. each.OCFV .................: each DOC •
| ladies' Onting Skirts and firass Linen Petticoats. •
S BLUE AND BLACK jDVCK. SKIRTS GRASS • LINEN PETTICOATS, full O
S with . white polka do»f double flounce width, . trimmed with doubla ¦ ruffle ; A
•, "piped with white. Reg. $3. dTl QQ also fine -quality MADRAS SKIRTS S
• value. Special... each «P .*¦ • ** «J. ' with accordeon., pleated flounce.- •
• WHITE DUCK SKIRTS with graduating Regular $160 value at. .....; . QO- O
O ¦¦: flounce, trimmed with. fine insertion; ''i;'*"^ ','. Ch * y<3W ' •
A also LINEN SKIRTS with double ruf-, , FINE QUALITY GRASS : LINEN •
X -¦ fle trimmed, with bands of navy blue •••... SKIRTS with accordeon pleated flounce. A
• and white polka: dots; <C | A C ' Regular_value$l. Special at fto^ Z
• ? splendid value at.... each < P.»»J«; ! V ....... .......each DOW •
8 More Special Values in Ladies' Undermnslins. •
8 • Corset Covers. Skirts. •
A FINE CAMBRIC COVERS.. MUSLIN SKIRTS with • seven-inch hem-?
A French style., with, embroidery edging. _ . stitched "flounce, finished with' • •
J Special. at ..:..;. .......:^^ 19C dus * ruffle. < : Special at PTQ-, O
• . FINE CAMBRIC - DORSET - COVERS. CAMBRIC SKIRTs" 'trimmed ° with Tor- I A
• .-.: French style, high neck,- tlght-fltting, chon Lace insertion and edging fin- tS\
A ' V-shaped; 75c values, at 4O/, lshed with dust ruffle. . Regu- 7Q- ' •
A ................. ...each^uv lar value $1 25, at ....each C c/C •
• Drawers. ' Gowns. •
• . Two styles . CAMBRIC DRAWERS, one .„..„ ... _ _ J~" ; V < ' =
A with very wide hemstitched ruffle;. also- MUSLIN GOWNS — A large assortment •
A with embroidered ruffle., SPE- IQ n '¦' of - high neck,- empires .-. and V-neck •
S CIAL . ............".....« IUv . Gowns, with -choice embroidery 'edging- A
2 CAMBRIC DRAWERS, with, choice em- : insertion. Beautiful styles QO/-» A
• .:¦'.- -broidSred or lace ruffle.- with QQ/> at •..•'.••••"•> each' */<JW .. _"
A hemstitched tucks.: SPECIAL ¦AwV CAMBRIC GOWNS with tucked "and em- ' 3
A MUSLIN AiSD CAMBRIC DRAWERS . broldered yokes; . also 1 hemstitched X
• ;' .¦nicely, tucked -with -.fine '. embroidery , yokes finished ' with choice embroidery O
_.»'•., or Lace * trimming.' - Special AGr' ¦ ¦:] on neck and sleeves.? Special Oer^, A
© at .......; ......:..'.. pair r*PV : at ............... ... each OOC Z
% IMMENSE REDUCTIONS ON HECK RUCHES. •
2 Ladies' White ! >O V ' / Ladles' Fin V *
A Lisle . ' Thread ... . /^/ ' - /W rf ~~-£^" ' • "•• s Black Z" L'ace : ". ®
A Vest, high neck •^JV^ /§//?¦ 'f J*.^ ~^~ *~Q/^Zri Openwork Lisle 2
A a n dV , oni.,i-;/l^//^/^^ffj^ -Thread .Hose 2
A sleeves; all /<A z/xy r^^<^S \->T~} ln hanoaomo S
A sizes. Regular /f MhMBal "^ mm wm ~^^ Patterns. Reg- " 2
A value 50c.;...'; ".^T "^^vrf^'^'o"' ': t ..ular 50c values " ¦* A
8 39c Cor. Geary arid Powelh "p;i;25c •
GEORGE MAYETtLK
¦l^tak Of Impostors.
Any Derson representing
iJragPf himself as George ilayerle or
v"«?tw the German Optical Insti-
T/»^lwo tute or to be la any way
connected with him Is an
2 IMPOSTOR.
. ; THE GENUINE Mayerle's Glasses
cannot bo had from traveling opti-*
dans, but must be ordered DISECT
from the ORIGINAL GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. None GENUINE without the
trade-mark (an Eye with a Crown)
&nd the full name, "George Mayerle.**
OFFICE CHIEFOF POLICE.
It gives me much pleasure to recommend to
the public Mr. GEORGE Mayerle of 1071 Mar-
ket St., S. F. I have been using glasses for Me
paat four years, and during that time have
consulted several opticians,' but not until 1
consulted Mr. GEORGE Mayerle and had him
fit glasses to my eyes did I get entire satisfac-
tion. Most respectfully;
J. H. ANDERSON.
Serseant of Police. San Francisco.
, Neglected Eyesight Affects the Brain.
George Mayerle's glasses strengthen the eye
and brain. To avoid mistakes look for the full
name. GEORGE MATERLE. German Optical
institute; charter member American Associa-
tion of Opticians.
1071 MARKET ST., Near 7th.
Tel. South 572. German Eyewater 50c.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good news for tired women— comfort for
tired, hot, cold or perspiring feet.
The Walk-Over Shoe for women is now
made with a felt cushion inter-sole. This
cushion sole is not an insole to be inserted, but
is built into the shoe and is the mainspring, so
to speak, of its construction.
Best for the nerves— all. the jar being ab-
sorbed in the cushion-r-distributes /the weight
evenly — no "breaking in" neces-O^VCH
sary. OlJiUU
Removes. that cramped feeling— ¦ -V
comes in alrshapes and leathers. • V N Les«
WALK=OVER SHOE 5T0RE *'
f F. F.WRIGHT &. SON,
Los Angeles Store: Q9A-9A JVl«r»lfef" Sfti^ef Opposite
1 1 1 Sofsprlng St. »-4^"^O i'lai KCL OlFCCl. EmporiumUNIDBNTIFIBD WOMAN
DIES ON FERRY=BOAT
Henry Rhodes cf-1622 Market street and
CO. Bellows, who Is stopping at the Pal
ace Hotel, while out. riding in"an:auto
mobile yesterday collided with a Mission
street car at' Ocoan avenue and Capital
street. The machine was "badly-demol
ished, but" its occupants escaped' with^ a
few bruise*. ;\
Auto Collides With Car.
At the meeting of the International
Longshoremen's Association Local' Lodge,
No. 224; held last \ Thursday evening ¦ the
following officers were eleeted to serve
during the ensuing year: .
'¦President, R*. F. Gal van; vice president, Wil
liam Baker; '.recording secretary, George .:-¦ A..
Hansen ;- financial - secretary,' J. E. . Riordan;'
treaeurer, Ed Jones; serjeant-at-arms, Thomas
Cumm'lngs; . outside sentinel, M. Walton; trus
tees-^-EdS. Roily, A. H. Corliss. T. Murphy.il*.
Bin.-' A; Peterson, C'Hadler, S. Wilson; busi
ness * agent. ; J. G : Williams.
Lbngshoremen Elect Officers.
The members of the San Francisco
Dental College inet at the college -on Fri
day night and formed an alumni associa
tion. A constitution and by-laws. were
adopted. All who apply for membership,
must be graduates of the school and
licensed dentists: The following officers
were elected: President. Dr. Frazier;
first vice president. Dr. Johnson; second
vice president. Dr. Camp; secretary. Dr.
Harris; treasurer. Dr. Wright; guard. Dr.
Eloncin.
Dental Aumni Formed.
John Alglo, aged 10 years, and residing
at 115 Gilbert street, was treated by Dr.
Bunnellat the Emergency Hospital, yes- t
terday afternoon for a flesh wound in the
hand. The lad was experimenting, with
a Fourth of July toy pistol, ; which , ex
ploded, causing a painful' injury^
Boy Accidentally Shot.
Past president... N. P. Wynne;, president, E.
J. Molony; vice president; Paul A. ¦ Dubois;
second vice' president," D.'Li. Perrone; : recording
and corresponding? secretary, JO. '-Eastland;
financial secretary. J. M. F. Eitel; ' treasurer,
George M. Sutherland; guide, - P. Weiss; guar
dian, A. E. O'Neil ; advocate agent, G. . L. Ger
ard: trustees-^-V. L. de Flgulredo; J. H. Huba
chek, F, Ralston. • ¦- ;•¦. -••
\ The San ' Francisco Drug' Clerks' As
sociation on Friday evening last elected
the following officers: ' .vl?;
Drug Clerks' Election.
The surgeons at the : hospital . say . that
Miss'McCarthy's injuries are very serious
and that she may have a broken back.
Miss McCarthy/accompanied by Miss
Louise Barstow of 580 Geary street,; drove
out I to v the Cliff * and was on the way
home, when near the cyclers* rest In the
Park the horse they were j driving took
fright and ran away, throwing both
women to the ground.
A young woman who gave her name as
Maria McCarthy lies at the Park Emer
gency Hospital . in a dangerous condition,
the result of being thrown from a buggy
in Golden Gate . Park. ....
Maria McCarthy Sustains Probably
Fatal Injuries in Golden Gate
. " , , {Park.
YOUNG WOMAN BADLY
- HURT TN A RUNAWAY
It is therefore resolved that the above min
ute be placed upon the records of the associa
tion and that a copy be sent to the family
of the deceased and to the daily press for
publication.
la the passing away from the activities of
this life of Judge E. • D. Sawyer, the Xoung
Men's Christian Association has lost one of
Its best friends and well-wishers, who many
years ago became a life member of the organi
zation and who, for upward of twenty, years,
has been its legal counselor, giving . his ser
vices cheerfully and gratuitously. This Irter
val has covered considerable" legal work inci
dent to the reorganization of the association,
the selling of its old eite, the purchase ,of a
n-ew one. rebuilding and removal, all of which
Involved many questions of importance, every
one of which was settled clearly and satisfac
torily in the opinions rendered. We desire to
place on record our high appreciation of these
and oth«r cervices of our lata and loved mem
ber and also to convey the same to ! hfg
stricken family.
The death of Judge E. D. Sawyer has
been nowhere more keenly felt than by
those who had teen intimately connected
¦with him in the social and professional
affairs of the Young Men's Christian As
sociation, and as a mark of respect and
a tribute to his worth as a friend aud ad
viser the following resolution, signed by
Secretary H. J. McCoy and C. B. Wright.
chairman board of trustees, has been re
corded upon the minutes of the associa
tion, and a copy has been conveyed to
the family of the deceased:
Records High Appreciation cf
Jurist's Untiring Aid.
Young Men's Christian Association
ACKNOWLEDGE SERVICE OF
THE LATE JUDGE SAWYER
Threats of dire vengeance ..were made
by the pair and fellow members of the
profession dreaded the day they came to
gether. In the mean time friends fanned
the flames until the women were ready
and willing to have each other's blood.
At an early hour yesterday morning Miss
Morel left her place of : abode and lay in
wait for Miss Raymond. The. pair collided
in front of the Cafe : Royal." Belated
pedestrians paused to listen to the invec
tives showered by the women. , Words led
to blows and no one interfered.; : Miss
Morel got a hammer-lock hold, on the fair
Lydia's tresses and began , to pull. In
turn Lydia grasped. her opponent's gown
and began to -play havoc with It. The
rivals fought ; and I scratched •':¦ and : when
hostilities ceased a few. hairpins, 1 a switch
and, parts of dress littered the sidewalk.
A black eye was suffered - by^"Queenie,','
but was not noticed last : night' because
she used grease paint _ to hide the | dis
coloration. An;'armed "truce" now; exists
between the pair. . ••" r ¦• . ;'
Miss Morel warbles at an Ellis-street
concert-house and the fair Lydla plays
an Important role In "Quo Vadls" in a
Market-street- resort. For some time a
feeling of jealousy has existed between
the pate Miss Morel accused Miss Ray
mond of trying to influence the critics
against her, and on the other hand, Lydla
accuses "Queenie" of attempting to copy
her latest gown, j Miss Raymond is known
as "the Spanish beauty" by her friends,
but her enemy, "Queenie" Morel, calls
her a tamale vender. . < • <
"Queenie" Morel and Lydia Raymond,
variety actresses, played an engagement
on Market and Fourth streets at an early
hour yesterday morning and before the
police; could interfere one of the contest
ants lost her back hair and the', other a
portion of her gown. No arrests were
made, but the feeling between . the . two
!s strained.
Causes Excitement on Market
Street. :
Disgraceful- Brawl Between "Women
The party left for Tamalpals last even-
Ing and remained there over night. They
will visit- Lake Tahoe before leaving the
State.; S ¦¦ - V • • ...
Dr. W. S. R. Phillips of Washington, D.C.;
Dr. *H. Warren White, Boston; Dr. William B.
Parke, Philadelphia; Dr. A. C. Getchell;
Worcester, . Mass. ; • Dr. Vincent Y. Bowditch,
Boston;. Dr. -Walter.^ Bailey, Boston; Dr. Charles
C. Nammack, New York; Dr. Blchard A. Clee
mau, Philadelphia; Dr. Edward O. . Otis, ' Bos
ton; Dr. -De Witt C. Romaine, New York; Dr.
John L. . Hegron, Syracuse; Dr. S. E. Solly,
Colorado Springs.
The CHmatologlcal Society, which re
cently held its annual convention Los
Angeles arrived . in the " city "yesterday
morning. Those in the party are:
Party Left Last Evening to Spend the
Night at Summit of
. : . -.Tainalpais.
CIiIM^TOLOGICAL SOCIETY
ARRIVES AT THE PALACE
VARIETY j ACTRESSES
HAVE A STREET FIGHT
The statement that Clerk Rice had dis
appeared was disproved by Rice himself
jctterday. He Bays he left Judge Con
lan's court because he desired to be re
lieved of Police Court work. He is now
In the County Clerk's office and expects
to get the next vacancy as clerk of a
Superior Court.
In view of the fact that Judge Conlan
cfcjected to the appointment of Pat Pren
dergast as his clerk, Deputy County Clerk
French visited the Judge yesterday and
the matter was thoroughly discussed.
Ccnlan said he declined to accept any man
•who "was previously refused by Judge
Slogan, and when Dugan's name was
mentioned Conlan said his appointment
•would be satisfactory to him. The dis
pute was thus closed.
The squabble over the selection of a
clerk for Police Judge Conlan's court w.as
crcicably settled yesterday, when the
court agreed to accept Felix Dugan for
that position. Dugan is at present a clerk
In County Clerk Mahony's office, and his
ec! eel ion gives general satisfaction among
those doing business in Judge Conlan's
court.
Amicably Settled After a
Conference.
Squabble With, the Police Judge Is
PELIX DTJGAN WlUk
BE COHXAN'S CXE3JI
UNIDENTIFIED WOMAN WHO
SUDDENLY EXPIRED ON
OAKLAND FERRY-BOAT.
a NEATLY dressed woman, aged
jR about 45 years, died suddenly
/ fa yesterday afternoon at 1:50 oi>
/^ ill the ferry-boat Encinal and
i / mr while >the vessel was abreast
¦**• of' Goat Island, on the way to
this city./ The woman, com
plalned of excruciating pains in the re-
I gion of the heart and begged a passenger
named Glesner to fetch her a glass of
wme. Before he could comply with the
request the woman died.
Dr. Pomeroy of Oakland, who was on
board, was called and pronounced her
dead. On the arrival of the steamer on
this side the body was s«nt to the Morgue.
The remains are those of a medium
sized, stout ' woman, with round- face,
high cheek bones, black and gray hair
dressed pompadour. She wore a black
dress and sacque and white shirt waist
v/ith vertical black .stripes. A return
ticket for Oakland or Alameda was founct
in her purse, a long knit one with steel
beads and almost new. There was a pair
of gold-bowed spectacles and $4 in' silver
in the purse. On her fingers were two
rings — one a cameo of a woman's head
and the other a gold wedding ring with
"March 1L 1867, 1 " engraved on the inside. .
The detectives discovered that the bowl-
Ing alley, which was formerly a saloon,
is owned by an Italian employed in the
gas house. A woman is in charge of the
bowling alley. She denied knowing any
thing about the robbers or the robbery.
Bron swore to three "John Doe" warrants
yesterday In Judge CorJan's court for the
arrest cf the men on the charge of rob
bery.
Bron complained to the police Friday
and Detectives Dillon and Bell -were de
tailed on the case. They got Bron to
look through the "Rogr'.es' Gallery*' and
he Identified the photogTaph of Lulgl Odu
ni as on* of the three men who robbed
him. Oduni was arrested In 1836, alang
¦with another man, for fleecing a florist
at Ingleside, but was acquitted, although
his companion -was convicted.
understand the game, and the man said,
*"You won't play, eh/' and, Bron alleges.
gTasped him by the throat, throwing him
to the ground. The other two men
jumped upon him and beat him and took
the J2D0 out of his belt, $190 In green
backs and a $10 gold piece. They then
ran away.
There, the complainant alleges, they
•were joined by a third Italian who said
lie had lost S1000 at playing bowls. This
mazL asked Bron If he had any money
and on Bron replying in the affirmative
the man suggested to Bron that he should
play some games and might win some
money. The man showed what Bron be
lieved was a handful of $20 gold pieces.
Bron refused to play, saying he did not
Bron says he returned at the time men
tioned and was taken to Vallejo street,
about a block away, where he was intro
duced to another Italian who claimed to
be the boss cf the mine. After talking
for a few minutes it was arranged that
Bron should be on Broadway next morn-
Ing to complete arrangements with the
boss. He was there on time and the two
men took him to the bowling alley at
2113 Laguna street
Bron ¦was -walking along Broadway
last "Wednesday when, he says, he
¦was accosted by an Italian who asked him
If he was a stranger in the city. Bron
caid he was and the Italian asked him
if he would like to work in a mine at
Bonora, Tuolumne County. Bron replied
it would suit him and the Italian told
him to return at 7:30 and the boss -would
see him.
George Bron, a recent arrival from Brit
ish Columbia, at present living, at 32
Fourth street, claims he was the victim
of confidence men last Thursday to the
extent of $200. He alleges that they
eteered him to an Italian .bowling alley
e.t 2113 Laguna street, where they knocked
him down and forcibly took the money
from, a belt which he wore round his
•waist.
Identifies Ph oto in
Rogues' Gallery as
One of Men.
Obtains Warrants for
Arrest of Three
Italians.
George Bron Says He
Was Victim of
Thugs.
ROBBERS
TAKE ALL
HIS GOLD
Pages 29to40
, v Round trip transfer tickets now on salo'
at any of .'our offices. .One trunk (round
' trl p) ' 50 - cents. " " Morton ' Special * Delivery, [
408 Taylor,- street, 650 ¦ Market street ' and
'Oaklandrferry'depot"" 1 • -J ¦ v ¦¦*•:«
Notice to Passengers.
i % This afternoon; the Park band will ren
der the following .''programme in Golden
.Gate Park under the direction of Paul
Steindorf:.^ /,'•", .. .'-. V ' :. . . . •
VStar-SpangledrBanner"
"Cyrano March" :"..." '•"• • • . .Herbert'
Overture;. 1 ..'-'.pique Dame" . : Suppe
Characteristic j piece, . "In a Cozy ¦ Corner" \ .
... . '. ¦'.-. '.&"¦. ". ...:..".......... »'¦• ..... ; Bratton
Selection, -,$3ypsy Baron' ' .......... Strauss
"A Musician Astray in the Forest"... Hermann
.-.., -'*r ••'...;-. D. C. , Rosebrook. . -
Overture.' "Tannhauser 1 '......... 1 ...... Wagner
Bolero;\"Les Ondines du Nil"..i........ .Ganne
Selection, "King Dodo" ........ ... . . . .Leudens.
"The Awakening of . the Lion" . .... . . .Kontzsky
Grand Fantasia,- "La Boheme"'. :.....'. .Puccini '
- (By request.)
"Hail Columbia" *.'.': ..;... ... • . . ... .' .'. .......':
Music in" the Park.
>The suits for damages are brought on a
plea of false imprisonment. The ; sailors
allege that - they were confined without
cause, and accuse Barneson of acting the
part -: of . an oppressor on his ship. The
alleged arrest and imprisonment occurred
on the high seas on May: 18, 1902.
Captain J. B. Barneson, brother of Cap
tain Barneson, formerly of the transport
service , and : commander of the transport
Warren, insisted upon being saluted by
John Warner and George Douglas every
time they passed him, and because they
did, not do so he ordered them into close
confinement for • five days, on two of
which they wore .; irons. As a result of
this- lesson tn discipline Captain Barne
son: Is now, defendant In a suit for dam
ages filed yesterday by the mariners, who
ask $2000 each for the injury to their feel-
Ings. Police' Commissioner H. w. button
is their attorney. "-,- '
Sue Their. Commander for Dam
\ ages for False Imprisonment.
Two J Sailors of Transport "Warren
Lonil Ferari, . an Italian scavenger, sus
tained; a 'broken thigh ; ; and^ several; bad
scalp wounds in '-. a • runaway' accident . at
Leaven worth , and Ellis streets yesterday.
Ferarl's . '; horses , became ? ; frightened, and
ran*; away, ..throwing.. him: to -the ground
with ' much violence. <He. was treated at
the'.' Emergency - Hospital. :
Augst was .driving.; near ; the . corner of
Ellis and ¦ Larkin j streets , when | his horse
became. frightened and ran away. In* the
hiix-up .which followed Augst thrown
heavily to the ground. He was > removed
to "t the Emergency Hospital, but - failed to
regain* consciousness.' ' . ;
, Joseph; Augst, a liquor dealer, residing
at 199 Valencia" street, c was ¦ thrown from
the seaf;bf •: his delivery wagon . yesterday
cfterndpnTand received a' fracture of the
base oft the' skull, from which he died late
last 'night at, the Emergency. Hospitak.
Thrown From Wagon and Dies
,~ at Hospital.
Joseph/ Angst, .. a Liquor Dealer, Is
And the Hlrschman Clothing will be gone.
The St. Loui3 Clothing is coining across
the continent and *will arrive here Tues
day, July L To-morrow there will be on
sale the . finest and best selected- suits of
any as yet offered; $5 85 will be the. price.
Men's all-wool V suits, stylishly.' made,
worth $15, for $5 85, at. the Lyceum Cloth
ing Co.', 915' Market' St.; opp. .Mason. , ;•
Only One i "Week j More
In the case of J. T. Edds,' conductor on
the Halght .street, car- line, .who was
found asphyxiated In bed at 626 Shrader
street yesterday . morning, the Jury . re
turned a verdict that Edds was 20 years
of age, unmarried . and that they could
not determine whether his death was ac
cidental or premeditated.
In thecase of Hugh-Dorsy of llll.Po
trero avenue, .who was killed on June 17
at the - crossing of Sixth . and . Townsend
streets, the verdict was that he was run
over by an engine," but the jury could
not determine \ from the evidence whether
his death was accidental or whether he
purposely threw \ himself on the track. .
In the case of Emmett de.., Souza, . shot
by. Jose Guadelupe, his stepfather, at 1329
Fourteenth avenue on <, June 16, the: ver
dict was (that the pistol was. accidentally
discharged.. ¦"¦¦'. _-; "'..¦• ¦¦.'¦'.-'¦:: . •-.. ;:¦•',;,:-
Justice of the Peace Daniels held sev
eral inquests yesterday, . ¦ .. '/ . . j.
Charge of Killing Young Em
';. .;•¦•.. xaett de Souza.
Stepfather Guadelupe Exonerated on
JUSTICE DANIELS' HOLDS .
INQUESTS AT MORGUE
SAY CAPTAIN BARNESON'S
CONDUCT "IS OPPRESSIVE
Mayor Schmltz was absent from his of
fice when the letter . arrived. George R.
Wells is vice chairman of the committee,
and he will preside " at the meeting- on
Tuesday next. . ¦_' ; \. . .. , .
Disregarding altogether the rights ; and
wrongs of labor and capital, and. the entire
labor union question, I am compelled. In order
to retain my. own self respect. ; to refuse -.to
further participate in this celebration. -If the
conditions existing in our city are such that
a man of the character and record of Major
Filmer ; may not be • grand ¦ marshal of the
Fourth. of July parade, then It. -Is not for me,
who have not that honorable - and patriotic
military record, to presume to participate in
that parade. Having been compelled to with
draw Major Filmer's name I certainly cannot
let mine, stand, and therefore with greatest re
spect to your Honor and to those ¦ members of
the- committee who regard the matter in the
same light as myself, I . respectfully request
that this resignation be immediately accepted.
Very respectfully, BRUCE -CORNWALL.
COMPELLED TO RESIGN.
That an officer of the United ! States army.
a veteran who has fought under the stars and
stripes In a foreign land with honor to him
self and credit to the flag, should by reason of
existing conditions be compelled to withdraw
from a municipal procession In honor of 'our
national 1 indepencence, - has removed from my
heart- any N desire to take part in the hollow
mockery of an independence celebration.
' We were allowed money by the honorable
Board of Supervisors, acting under the char
ter, which authorized them to make such al
lowance "for the celebration of our national in
dependence." * This money was raised by gen
eral taxation and contributed by the whole peo
ple, and in Its expenditure no distinction can
be justly observed . between union and non
union men. /
tender his resignation to the committee. It was
accepted. y ¦ •
When I accepted the position of chairman of
the Fourth of July Committee I did so believ
. ing that that committee was a non-partisan
one, organized for 4he sole purpose of cele
brating our national day of Independence and
fittingly commemorating »n the hearts of the
people the spirit of American liberty, and lit
tle thinking that, in order to participate in the
celebration of American Independence it was
/necessary to belong to any other union than
\that ot the American States.
CHAIRMAN OF. THE GENERAL
FOURTH OF JULY COMMIT
TEE WHO HAS RESIGNED.
The representative of the JCnlghts of
Pythias declared that the order would
not allow any funeral benefits unless it
was allowed , to take charge of the
funeral, and the Hodcarrlers' representa
tive made j a . similar declaration, so that
the estate of the dead man will be taxed
for. a funeral | that . would cost nothing if
handled by either. of the two societies.
Mr. Farnham stated that he < had given
the order to McGinn before/ the 'other ap
plications were made.
As soon as the news of his death was
received the Public Administrator noti
fied Deputy Coroner McCormick that he
had authorized "the firm of McGinn &
Hansen to take charge of the funeral.'-
Shortly afterward a representative" of the
firm of Pacific Undertakers arrived at the
Morgue with an order for the' body from
the HodcarriersV Union, and immediately
following ' him • came a I man - from Theo
dor Diercks _with an i order ""from the
Knights of Pythias for the remains.
A man who dies with $5000 in bank and
no relatives need not go begging for un
dertakers or. a stylish funeral. Three
firms of undertakers strove yesterday for
the pleasure and prpfit of burying the re
mains of Thomas Laven, a hoacarrier,
who died in the Central Emergency Hos
pital of injuries received on last Wednes-.
day by falling ' from a building in the
course of. erection at the intersection of
Eddy and Taylor streets.' .•'¦'*'""
the Funeral to McGinn, Pass-
V ing Over Two Societies. '
Public.AJdministrator Farnham Gives
UNDERTAKERS STRIVE
i ?^TO BURY|THOMAS LAVEN
"FATALLY INJURED IN
: i — RUNAWAY - ACCIDENT
; . Under this statement of facts. Major Filmer
being for a few days absent from the city,' con
sidering my duty to the*, committee as Its chair
man, - and \ to . the celebration, to ¦ the I Mayor of
the city and to Major Filmer, I took it .upon
myself as a personal , friend of Major Filmer to
j At the meeting, of the. Fourth of July Com
mittee held at its headquarters In the Califor
nia Hotel June 20, a Mr. White of the Typo
graphical Labor Union ¦ appeared « before the
committee and made objection to Major Filmer
on the ground : that he • was a member of the
firm of Fllmer- Brothers, , eleetrotypers, • and
that this firm employed men - who - were . not
members of the Typographical Labor Union.
Mr.. White stated that he should appeal to the
Musicians' Union- and Cabmen's Union asking
them to refuse. to participate in the Fourth of
July I parade, I were Major Filmer retained as
grand marshal. A representative and officer of
the Cabmen's -Union - and I a - member of j the
Fourth. of • July. Committee then stated ¦ to the
committee -that were Major Filmer retained no
carriages, nor., cabs would , take part . in the
procession' on Independence' day,' and 'that he
could assure > us no musicians would march in
that. procession. ¦; , <•,. ¦ • ¦ ; .../
WHITE , MAKES OBJECTION.
At the meeting of the committee held in the
Mayor's of flee on the . night of June 11, Major
George Filmier was selected by the parade com
mittee as grand marshal of the Fourth of July
parade. - • The selection was unanimously ratified
and confirmed by the general committee. Major
Filmer was chosen .because of his well known
military skill,- because he is a major in the
National' Guard of our State, a former officer
in the United States Volunteers, . a veteran of
.the Philippine war, a man of Integrity and ex
perience, and 'a' representative citizen, and be
cause'it was considered that he was well quali
fied for the position- of grand marshal. Major
Filmer was notified of his election and tendered
the committee a' polite acceptance. He entered
upon the discharge of his duties and chose his
aids. ¦ > - -, ¦
After accepting, at the hands of your Honor,
an appointment on this committee, and further
accepting the chairmanship of the committee, it
appears to me . only proper in submitting my
resignation, an ' action to be taken only under
the gravest circumstances, to submit .it with
the reasons which impel me to take this step.
Hon. E. E. Schmltz, Mayor of the city of San
Francisco, New City Hall — Sir: I herewith
respectfully tender to you ray resignation as a
member of the Fourth. of July Committee.:. .
SAN FRANCISCO, June 21, 1902.
eRUCE CORNWALL, chairman
of the Fourth of July com
mittee, sent his resignation to
Mayor Schmitz yesterday. His
action was the outcome of
.— — •- >. . ¦ ¦ the action of certain members
~^* ; ¦ of . . the^; committee in , object-
Ing to Major George Filmer as grand mar
shal of^the Independence -day parade.- ,
..As told In yesterday's Call, Major Fll
mer's' appointment ¦was objected to be
cause he employed non-union men in his
electrotyplng business. The officer had
been selected to lead the procession, but
at the last. hour Will J. White, "a mem
ber of .the Typographical Union, appeared
at the meeting of the Fourth of July
committee and announced that it Major
Filmer was retained In the office of grand
marshal an appeal would be made to the
Musicians' and Hackmen's Unions not to
participate in the parade., , . - \i
'- Rather than have the feature of the
celebration marre.d by the 'absence of mu
sic and carriages for invited guests
Chairman Cornwall withdrew his friend's
name. ' After * mature deliberation Mr.
Cornwall Bent the following letter of res
ignation to the chief executive of the
city: ' ' . ' . I )
TENDERS RESIGN ATIONT
. Major General Wheaton has . made an
enviable record in : the* . Philippines. ; ' He
left for Manila in January, 1899, and has
been in active service ever since. Dur
ing the , last year . he has been in charge
of a district and ; r has by great executive
ability enjoined = the natives revolt
ing. He ls_home for a much-needed rest.
General wheaton- served in the civil
war, rising from. first sergeant to colonel
of the Eighth Illinois Volunteer Infantry.
He also served as captain of the Thirty
fourth United States Infantry. He was
assigned to the Twentieth Infantry and
served with that regiment . until Septem
ber 1, 1869.-. He was promoted to major
October 14, 1891, 'and lieutenant colonel
May 31, 1895. ' He was made brigadier ( gen
eral of volunteers at the commencement
of the Spanish war. During his military
career he has received several brevets and
medals from Congress for meritorious
services. He was wounded in the battle
of Shiloh. He was commander of the first
brigade, first division, Seventh Army
Corps, during the Spanish-American war.
He left for Manila with the Twentieth In
fantry in January, 1S99, and since that
time his promotion has been rapid. He is
deemed one of the best cavalry leaders in
the army. ,
"General Wheaton returns in fairly good
health. His long: stay in the Islands and
the responsibilities he has had, have aged
him greatly. He is very glad to be home
again and looks forward with pleasure to
the time when he can leave the vessel for
land.
The United States army transport Sher
man arrived from the- Philippines last
evening and went immediately into quar
antine. Among her passengers were Ma
jor General Lloyd Wheaton and Brigadier
General Snyder. On : board were also 1393
men,' forming the Sixth and Nineteenth
Infantry regiments.'_The ship also brought
back 57 discharged soldiers, 197 sick men,
3. dead and 11 insane. ' ,
She Is Ordered Into
Quarantine by
Doctors.
Vessel Brings Usual
jjComplement of
Disabled,
Major General Arrives
on Transport
Sherman.
WHEATON
RETURNS
FROM WAR
An unknown Japanese was brought to
the Emergency Hospital early yestertlay
morning, suffering from gas asphyxiation.
He was found in an unconscious condition
in his room, 600 Bush street. The gas was
turned on, and it is supposed he neglected
to turn it off before retiring. Dr. James
Murphy, who attended the Jap, saja
there Is but a small chance for his r«
coverr
Japanese Inhales Gas.
The club will go by rail to Sanger,
thence by stage to Millwood and then
commence the tramp. A permanent camp
will be made at the upper end of the can
yon, from which the heavy climbing trips
wyi be undertaken. The club will remain
in the mountains about four weeks. The
members of. the board of directors are
John Muir, Elliot McAllister. J. N. Le
Conte, Professor W. R, Dudley, William
E. Colby, Professor. George Davidson,
President David Starr Jordan, Warrea
Gregory and Warren Olney.
Many prominent people are members of
the organization and .will be seen to-mor
row in the rugged garb of the mountain
eer. Warren Olney, Warren Gregory and
Judge Curtis H. Lindley, the well known
attorneys, with their families, are going.
Professor John Muir, the great naturalist,
and Professor J. N. Le Conte of the Uni
versity of California are among the club's
scientists who will take the trip. Many
society people-" of 'this, city are on the list.
The entire Gamma Phi Beta Society of
the University, of California is going In a
body. Some climbers from Gottingen,
Germany, and a few of the crack moun
taineersmen of the famous Mazama Club
of Portland will form a part of .the ad
vance contingent. C. Hart Merriam,
chief biologist of the Smithsonian, and
Henry Gannett, chief geographer of tha
United States Geological Survey, corns
from Washington, to join the party. *
Under the management of William E,
Colby, J. N. Le Conte and E. T. Parsons,
outing committee of the Sierra Club, a
party of more than 195 mountain-climb
ers will leave this city to-morrow after
noon for the Innermost fastnesses of the
Kings River country, on the second an
nual outing of the club; '.For the last few
weeks the members have been busy gath
ering such necessaries as leggins, cordu
roys, sleeping bags and so on for appro
priate costuming for one of the hardest
mountain trips, possible In this State. The
'undertaking' Is an ambitious one, being
no less than the -conquering of the most
r Smote peaks and canyons of the almost
Inaccessible Kings River country by the
large party."
Kings River Canyon.
sional People Will Leave for
Noted Party of Society and Profes-
SIERRA CLUB TO DO SOME -
TALL MOUNTAIN CLIMBING
The groom 13 the youngest son of Su
perior Judge J. S. Beard of Siskiyou. He
graduated from the High School at Yreka,
and later took up the study of law In this
city, being_ connected with the law firm
of Prlngle'fe Pringle in The Call build
ing. He is a rapid stenographer and is
now engaged in court reporting for vari
ous law firms, and is also interested in
real estate brokerage. He is widely
known in church circles and is an active
member of Howard-street M. E. Church.
Mr. and Mrs. Beard have taken up their
residence in this city. .
The bride Is the daughter of one of the
most prosperous farmers of Siskiyou. She
has resided for the last four years In
San Jose, where she graduated from the
State Normal School with the April class.
Yesterday he returned to his office, and
then it was that the news that ha had
brought back a bride with him became
known to his business associates and nu
merous friends. The marriage took place
at the residence of the bride's parents
at Etna, California, the birth place of
both the contracting parties, and was an
elaborate affair.
James G. Beard, stenographer, com
pleted some arduous reporting on© day
last week on a special trial at the City
Hall and on the conclusion of his day's
labor Informed a few "• of his intimate
friends that he Intended at once paying
a visit, to;, his ..old home In Siskiyou
County,' but Mr. Beard held In his breast
the fact, that his visit to the home of
his childhood was In reality to take unto
himself a wife.
Surprises His Friends at City
Brings Charming Bride Home and
J. G. BEARD WEDS YOUNG
LADY OF SISKIYOU
i Resolved. That the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs calls upon the taxpayers
throughout' the city to exercise their influencs
with their representatives in the Board of Su
pervisors to sustain the Mayor in his Justifi
able position In eliminating unnecessary em
ployment In the City Hall.
Whereas, the employes In the City Hall ar»
organized, with the object of securing the over
ruling of the Mayor's veto of many items of
useless and unnecessary expenditure tor this
fiscal year, therefore be it
Resolved, That the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs shows its appreciation of th >
services rendered by his Honor the .Mayor in>
this matter by tendering him th« thanks of .
the federation and that of the clubs which it
represents.
Resolved, That the Federation of Mission Im
provement Clubs commends the action of th»
Mayor in purging the budget of such of tha
many appropriations for useless and unneces
sary employes allowed by the Board of Super
visors, thereby giving to the citizens a real
appropriation for public improvements, in placo
of the imaginary one provided for by | the
Board of Supervisors; and be it further
Whereas, his action Is In agreeable contrast
with that of the Board of Supervisors, whose
efforts, notwithstanding: their pledges, have all
been to Increase the number of the taxesiters,
and where they could not Increase their num
ber they have voted to increase their pay; and
Whereas, it gives us pleasure to observe one
city official make an honest effort to - do his
duty and keep his pledges given to the peopla
before his election: therefore be it
At a meeting of the Mission Federation
of Improvement Clubs last night the fol
lowing resolutions indorsing the action of
Mayor Schmltz were unanimously adop
ted:
' Whereas, the Mayor, in conformity with his
ante-election pledges and promises, has cut out
of the annual budget salaries of useless and
unnecessary employes to the amount of ©\er
$100,000; and
Lauds Executive for
Carrying Out His
Pledges.
Mission Federation
Expresses Itself
on Matter.
Mayor's Veto of Sal=
ary Items Approved
by Citizens.
INDORSE
BUDGET
PRUNING
S&N- FE ANCISCO, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
Pages 29to 40
Head of Fourth of July Committee Sends
Resignation to Mayor Schmitz*
CHAIRMAN CORNWALL
QUITS HIS POSITION
Taken With Pains in the Heart, She Sinks
to the Deck and Passes Away.In Brooklyn a man has deserted his
wife because he was not aware until after
marriage that she had a glass eye.
The members of the Builders' Exchanjfe
gave their first banquet last evening at
the California Hotel. The affair was a
great success In every respect. \j
The guest of honor was S. H. Kent,
president of the association. James A.
Wilson acted as toastmaster. The menu
was a novelty. It was In the form of a
legal contract and was embellished with
a gold seal and red ribbons.
: Among those who spoke were Robert
McKillican, D. McPhee and John D. Mc-
Gilvray. The list of guests follows:
James A Wilson, Walter E. Lucas. J. P. \
Fraser, Richard Herring, Walter E. Burner. -
A. L. Puley, Hannah Bros.; Percy J. Walker.
Charles E. Llpp L. B. Sibley. Fred P. Fisher.
D McPhee, J. Casseretto. Alex Minnie. £*. E.
Knowles, William Shaughnessy, William B.
Jackson R Keatinge, M. F. Gale. Harry Lar
kin, Charles A. Day, C. A, Ingeraon. J. L.
Fennell. I. Cohen, R. McKillican, W. N. Con
cannon C. E. Font John MacBaln. Taylor &
Brickley. John McCarthy Jr.. W. S.Hochstad
ter, M Keatinge, F. H. Masow, D. O. Druffls,
George D. Clark. W. B. Morris, W. H. Georgs,
J A. Dunker, M. C. Lynch, George Welsmann,
John Tuttle, J. Krauss, C. L. Peterson, W. J.
Bentley A E. Lovett. George Forderer, Georgs
P. Kane. J. W. Lehouten, Charles Eckstrom.
Thomas W. Butcher, John D. McGllvray, Wil
liam Cronan, William Knowles. A. Leaf. W. J.
Watson, M. V. Brady, F. B. Williams. Adam
Miller. O. Olllnger. W. F. Wilson, J. J. Leon
ard, J. Smith. Charles Floodberg, C. C. Strat
ton, Andrew Chrlstensen. Adam Beck, S. D,
North, M Kelleher, F. S. Van Frees. J. A.
Deneen, L. A. Larsen. W. Heldt. J. D. Han
nah J. C. Moffat, W. E. Butler, J. C. Bats
man and Milton M. Friedman- -„-..- i
Montana Jockey Club Races.
BUTTE, Mont.. June 21. — The Montis*
Jockey Club Inaugurated a aixty-two day rac*
meeting to-day. About 400 horses mi*
quartered at the track, mostly from California.
Joseph A. Murphy, who was presiding: Jud»» at
Oakland, will act In a similar capacity. Ralph
H. Tozer Is secretary and handlcapper and Kit
Chinn 'starter. Results:
First race, five furlongs — Qaeen L woo. Silt
tin? second, Jerry Edwards third. Tlm»,
1:02%.
Second race, one mile — Nonia •won, -Poroos
second Sir Claus third. Time, 1:44. .
Third race, five furlongs — Parlzade> won. Ro*
taire second. Rubino third. Time, 1:03%.
Fourth race, sprint stakes, three and a half
furlongs — E. M. Brittain won. Charles Tomar
second, Glendenning third. Time, :41)£.
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles—-Strag
gler won, Wolhurst second, Ulioa third. Tizna.
1:40%.
Sixth race, seven furlonga — Devereaux won.
Ned Dennis second, Nellie Forest third. Tixaa,
1:30.
Yacht Race for Emperor's Cop.
LONDON, June a. — Only three yachts
started at noon in the Dover to Heligo
land race for the Emperor William cup.
Cecil Queentin's new schooner yacht Cic
ily, designed by William Fife and express
ly built to challenge Emperor William's
American-built schooner yacht Meteor,
was first across- the line, followed by the
Leander and Vol-Su-Vent. A good breeze
was blowing. Emperor William will per
sonally present a trophy, designed by
himself, to the winner. ¦ .
Culpepcr County, Virginia, has decided
to mark within Its boundaries the lines oC
battles during the Civil War.
Class reserve — H. A. Talbot's Jennie Noys
beat A. R. Curtis' Nestor, 7-5; J. Hurley"a
Sugar Cane beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Chester,
10-3; L. M. Connell's Black Coon beat A. Mc-
Leod's Money Musk, 3-0; C. O. Peterson's
Lady Nellie beat M. Nealon's Aeneas, 22-S;
J. Seggerson's Gold Hill beat P. Scott's Half
Moon, 5-0; Pasha Kennels' Real Aristocrat
beat J. L. Ross' Creswlck, 5-0; T. Sullivan's
Vagrant beat P. J. Horgan's Peerless, 3-2;
P. J. Horgan's Magnilla beat "F. L. Nourse's
Gay City, 6-3; Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs
beat T. Jolley's Little May, 4-0; G. Sharman's
Little Sister beat A. McLeod's Royal Friend,
5-1; J. Charlton's Cloudburst beat P. Doyle's
Highstepper, 12-4; J .F. Rogers' Glaucus beat
H. A. Talbofs Little Dorrit, 10-0; O. Prior's
Nellie Grey beat A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night,
6-4; Chlarini Brothers' Sempronlus beat Kelly
& Hanley's Naughty Girl. 4-2; Kelly & Han
ley's Fearful Ship beat P. M. Clarkson'a Miss
Brummel, 7-4; Pasha Kennels' May Hemp
stead beat Aeneid Kennels' Matters Much. 3-2;
Chiarini Brothers' White Hat beat T. Maher*3
Bad Boy, 17-9; O. Zahl's O'Hara beat W. J.
Leonard's Tom 1 Hyrllck, 6-5; P. C. Blink's
Yellow Tall beat *W. J. Leonard's Daylight,
13-3; T. Mailer's Piker beat J. Hurley's Al
falfa, 12-8; A. McLeod's Pure Pearl beat P. M
Clarkson's Flower of Gold, 3-1; T. Jolley's
Toronto beat F. A. McComb's Motto, 15-9;
A. R. Curtis' Miranda beat P. C. Blick's Ad
vance Guard, 4-0; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto
beat J. Charlton's Charming Thought, 6-3
Sapling stake — W. J. Leonard's 'Gene Cas
cerly beat E. Preston's Real Pasha, 14-10: L.
M. Appleby's Tricksy beat J. Mooneyes Jim
O'Donnell, 10-8; J. F. Rogers' May Flush beat
W. J. Leonard'3 Our Myra, 16-11.
Second round — 'Gene Casserly beat Tricksy.
7-3; May Flush a bye.
Deciding course — May Flush beat 'Gene Cas
aerly, 22-6.
Reserve stake — W. Cairns' I Melrose beat
George Starr's Step On, 24-4; Ji L. Ross' Game
Bird beat Pasha Kennels' Real Lassie. 7-4;
A. R. Curtis' Dragon Fly beat. H. F. Ander
son's Highlands, 14-2; T. Cox's Crockett Hill
teat S. A. Smith's Injury, 21-3: P. J. Hors&n,'s
Partial Eclipse beat Pasha Kennels' Lawrence,
4-3; G. Coombs' Rustic Arbor beat J. P.
Sweeney's Cottace Lass, 7-6; J. Seggerscn'a
Algy McDonalfl beat W. Creamer's Lily
Wright, 7-4; W. Cairns' Eastlake beat J. F.
Rogers' Clodlus, 14-1. ¦
Second round— Game Bird beat Melrose, 10-5;
Crockett Hill beat Dragon Fly, 3-1; Rustic
Arbor beat Partial Eclipse, 7-5; Algy McDon
ald beat Eastlake, 8-2.
Third round — Crockett Hill beat Game. Bird.
18-8;.Algy McDonald beat Rustic Arbor, 7-5.
Deciding course — Algy McDonald beat Crock
ett Hill. 8-2.
In the class reserve stake Little Sister
is favorite at 3 to 1. Real Aristocrat and
Toronto are at 4 to 1; Promptoand Black
Coon,. 5 to 1; Cloudburst, 6, and Semp
ronlus, 7. The results of yesterday's run
ning with Judge John Grace's official
scores follow:
Homer Boy has been installed a 3 to 1
favorite in the betting on the special stake
to be run in its ' entirety to-day. Palo
Alto is held at 4 to 1; Vandal, Game Boy,
Ireland and Tame Tralee, 6 to 1; Wedge
wood, 10 to 1.
May Flush, a 'tiny black grreyhound,
daughter of the once great dog Royal
Flush, distinguished herself yesterday at
Union Coursing Park. After having- had
a lot of running~ : she came out in the de
ciding course and defeated .'Gene Casser
ly by a score of 22 to 6. /
Many Long Courses Indicate
Improved Condition of
the Hares.
Unique Menu Makes a Hit
With the Assembled
Constructora
Daughter of Great Grey
hound Distinguishes
California Hotel Is the
Scene of Merry
Reunion.
MAY FLUSH WINS
SAPLING STAKE
MARIN COUNTY CRICKET TEAM
PLAYS TIE WITH CITY ELEVEN
Recreation Ground in Golden Gate Park Scene of Keen
Match Between Rival Britishers.
BUILDERS HOLD
FIRST BANQUET
The man of the hour is one who was
never heard of until to-day,' and who will
be forgotten to-morrow.
Sixth race, handicap steeplechase, short
course — Tho Esmond won, Yarodha second
Trenc-The-Mere third. Time. 3:18>/4- >v
Fourth race, Buffalo stakes, four arid one
half furlongs — Stand Pat won, Spring Brook
second, Lorina third. -Time, 0:59 Vi.
Fifth race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth — Huntress won, Nobleman second, Al
gle M third.: Time l:64f&-
' Third race, seven furlongs — Clorena won,
Drummond second, Mattie Spencer third. Time,
1 :34%; .. ¦ - . - .
First race, four and one-half furlongs Spe
cial Tax won, Hallucination second. Night Owl
third. Time, 0:50%. ;-. e wwi
Second race, six furlongs— Easy Fleet won.
Senator Beveridge second. Curtsey third. Time
1:21.
Sixth race, mile and twenty yards, selling—
Tickful won. Chanterelle second. Little Arrow
third. Time.. 1:47%. ¦ ¦
Seveifth race, six furlongs — Santa' Ventura
won. Loiter second, Jake Weber third. Time,
BUFFALO. N. T., June 21.— Fort Erie sum
mary: . * ¦ ' ,
Third race, mile and seventy yards, selling
Larry Wilt won, Branch second. Tea Gown
third. Time, l:52Vi.
Fourth race, the Nursery sweepstakes for
two-year-olds, foaled In Missouri, five fur
longs — Gebeimiss won, Mindora second Ed Ball
third. Time, 1:00. - . . ¦
Fifth, race, mile and three-sixteenths, sell
ing — Jordan won, Brewer Schorr second Odnor
third. Time, 2:06%. • .
Second race, six furlongs — Fora and Aft
won, Ed Layson second, Robert O. Lansing
third. Time, l:19Vi.
Third race Surf stakes.; for two-year-olds,
five and a half furlongs — Monte Carlo won>
Charles Klwood second, Hackensack third.
Time,. 1:10. • : . .-¦ .¦
Fourth race, the Tidal stakes. |20,000, mile
and a Quarter — Major Dalngerfield, 128 (Shaw) ¦
7 to 10, won: Goldsmith. 126 (Burns), 2 to l!
second; Dixiellne, 128 (Odorn), 5 to 1, third.
Time. 2:04 3-5. Remorse and Goldcure also
ran. ¦ ; . . ¦. .
Fifth, race, sellifg, five furlongs — Gloriosa
won. Soothsayer second. Mount Hope • third.
Time, 1:03. . -;.
Sixth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth,
on turf — Lanceman won, Belvlno second, SWift
mas third. Time, 1:58. •
ST. LOUIS. June 21. — Fair Grounds sum
mary:
First race, mile and seventy yards, selling-
Potheen won. Brown Vail second. Ransom third.
Time, 1:52%. • . ; •. •
Second race, six furlongs — Femesole won|
Morokana second, Military > third. • Time.
1:15 3-5. . ; .. 1 . ¦
First race, the Inaugural steeplechase short
course — Rowdy won, Foolhardy second, Sallust
third Time, 4:12. • ..
Home First.
NEW YORK. June 21.— In the Tidal stakes
for three-year-olds, worth $20,000. at a mila
and a quarter, E. C. McLewee & Co.'s Major
Daingerneld galloped home an easy winner at
Sht epshead Bay to-day on a track that was
covered with water by the heavy rains. Five
good three-year-olds faced the starter for this
event, with Major Dalngerfield a hot favorite
at 7 to 10 and Goldsmith second choice at 2
to 1. Dlxiellne was third choice at 5 to 1.
Summary: ¦ ¦ . -. , " •-.•¦
Major Daingerfleld, Stable Compan-
ion of Gold Heels, Gallops
WINS THE TIDAiL STAKES.
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongs — ¦
Brownie Anderson won. Free Pass second. True
Blue third. Time. 1:38 3-5.
Fourth race, seven and a half furlongs — Al
fred VarKrave won, Stuyve second, Lacrim'a
third. Time, 1:34.
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Sidney
C. Love won, Watklns second, Rheta third.
Time. :56 3-5. :
The San Francisco team went in against
this moderate total with F. Bennion and
E. H. M. Lannowe, the latter compiling
14 runs. The only other batsman who
scored double figures was W. H. Mc-
Naughton, 14 not out. Rooker and Chand
ler compiled 7 each, and T. W. Tetley,
who went in last, ran up 7 runs quickly.
The score was tied and Tetley looked
good for at least a few more runs when
he ran out to a ball sent down by Coles
from the south end and was stumped by
Punnett, the match ending In a tie.
Coles took five wickets and Bull captured
fcur. The full details follow:
Quex, Arsenal, Hermis, Corrlgan and Pente
cost also ran.
None of the players were accustomed
to a grass pitch, .all their practice hav-"
ing been on concrete covered with mat
ting. The turf was untrue and heavy,
causing the ball to bump or shoot. Mann
Qounty went to the wickets first, with
G. Hellman and C. P. Coles. The latter
made the. highest scpre of the day, 24, in
cluding two fours, and a three. The only
other batsmen who made much of a
stand were J. J. Theobald, who {--cored 14,
and A. F. Chambers, who scored 7 runs.
The side was dismisesd for a total of.-56
runs. Storrs took tour wickets for 27
runs, Casidy two for 6 and Acklom. two
for one run.
A MARIN County cricket eleven,
captained by C. P. Coles, played
a tie game with a San Francisco
team, captained by H. C. Casidy,
yesterday on the recreation,'
ground in Golden Gate Park.
The Angels were about due to land the
cash and glory from the Ponies yester
day at the Eighth-street lot. .Neverthe
less, Morley sent the same old familiar
sentences on the south wire: "Luck still
passing us up, but wait till to-morrow
and we will hand them a few." This was
all the consolation the southern magnate
could get out of his troubles, but he will
have to do things in order to show the
Ponies if they keep up their winning can
ter. The score read 2 to 1.
SAN FRANCISCO.
The fan? turned out in numbers and all
were given a good lime for the two-bit
piece which was passed up to the man at
the box office. The game was fast and
well played throughout, and looked like
an extra-round light till Danny Shay
slapped one out In the direction of the
ilag-pole in the ninth, scoring Tacks Par
rott from first.
Glendon and McPartlin fought against
one another for the entire nine rounds.
Glendon had a trifle tho better of the ar
gument throughout, being more steady
than the big twirlcr from the south. Not
a hit was made for six long spasms,
v.hen t-ach team got together long enough
to locate a safe place on the diamond.
The Pony hit was made by Parrott and
produced a run, while the An»el drive
came from Roach's bat, but no one
crossed the plate.
The contest was notable for several
things. Danny Shay scored a clean triple
in the ninth, but is only credited with a
single, as the winning run was scored on
it. Bobby McHale dropped his first fly
on the local diamond, the disaster occur
ring in the ninth, when Householder
popped a high one to left field. The most
important feature is that the Ponies by
winning out are in second place for pen
nant honors.
Glendon began the sixth with a bunt
in Beilly's direction. Reilly fell down in
fielding the ball and the runner was safe
on the error. Nordyke then sacrificed
and Holly flew to right, but Glendon
beat the throw to third. Parrott scored
him with a double to left field. It took a
bad bound over Jackson's shoulder.
Reilly drove the sphere to left in the
eighth, and Raymer sacrificed him to sec
ond. Roach placed a long single into the
right garden, and the score was tied. The
Angels had three men on the sacks in
the ninth, but could not manage to hit
Eafely, so all were left at the post.
Parrott opened the pony portion of the
last spell with a hot grounder past thirds
Leahy bunted out to Reilly. Danny Shay
•was there with the long drive to the flag
pole, which ended the fighting. The
score:
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke. lb 3 0 1 0 8 0 0
Holly. 6. E 4 0 0 0 3 5 1
Parrott, r. f 4 12 0 2 0 0
Leahy c. *..... 3 0 0 O 2 2 O
Shay. s. e 4 0 10 12 0
Shugart. 2b. 1 O 0 0 • 4 3 0
McHale, 1. f 3 0 0 0 5 0 1.
Delmas, c. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Glendoa, p 2 1 0 1 0 1 0
Totals 27 2 4 1 27 13 2
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. P.O. A. 13.
Toman, s. s 4 0 0 0 3 2 0
Law-lor. r. f 4 0 1 0 1 0 0
Jackson, 1. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
Householder, c. f....4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Reilly. 3b. 4 1 1 0 2 3 1
Raymer, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 1 0
Roach, c 3 0 2 0 4 1 O
I iar.ion, lb. 2 0 O 0 S 1 0
McPartlin, p 3 0 0 0 0 3 o
Totals 31 1 4 0 »25 11 1
•One out when winnine run was scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 000.00001 0 — 1
B*»e hits 00000102 1 — 4
San Francisco -.00000100 1 — 2
Bate hits 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 1 2 — 4
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit — Parrott. Sacrifice hits — Nor
dyke, Raymer. First base on errors — SanFraii
ciseo 1: Los Angeles 2. First base on caller!
lalls— Off Glendon 1; off McPartlin 4. Left en
bases — San Frsuicisco 3; Los Angeles 4. Struck
cut— By Glendon 1 ; by McPartlin 1. Time of
tame — 1 hour 35 minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
OAKLAND A "WINNER
McCTeedie Scores From First Base on.
Devereaux's Single.
SACRAMENTO, June 2L— The leader
von again to-day. Summary:
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle. If 4 2 2 0 3 0 0
Hogan. cf 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Eagan. lb 5 0 0 0 11-0 0
ITnglaub, ss 3 1 1 0 1 3 0
Sbeehan. 3b 3 0 0 0 4 1 0
Hulcn. 2b 4 13 0 4 2 0
Graham, c 2 t» O O 1 O 0
Wagner, rf 3 0 0 O O O 0
Cutter, p 3 0 1 0 1 3 1
Totals 30 4 8 0 27 9 1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohlcr. 2b S :i ." :{ 2 1 0
Lohman, c 5 0 0 0 3 1 l
Btrt-ib, 3b 3 2 1 O 13 0 0
Mc-Creedie, rf 5 2 2 0 3 0 1
Devereaux, es 5 0 3 1 3 3 o
Dunleavy. 3b 5_0 1 0 0 2 1
Gorton, cf 4T. 0 0 2 0 0
Cristall, If 3 1 1 0 1 0 0
Gehinidt, p 4 2 2 2 0 6 0
Totals 39 11 13 6 27 13 3
KVXS AXD HITS BY INNIXGS.
Sacramento 0 0 1 0 2 1 0 0 0— 4
I5ase hits 112 10100 2 — 8
Oakland 0 0 0 1 02 6 2 0 11
Base hits 0 112 0243 0—13
SUMMARY.
Three-base hits — Cristall. McCreedie. Two
bas> hit — Unglaub. Sacrifice hits — Hog-an <2)
Yl'agner. Cutter. Cristal!. Firet base on errors
¦ — Sacramento 2. Oakland 1. First base on
called balls — Off Cutter 3. off Schmidt 5. Left
on bzjBes — Sacramento 8, Oakland 5. Double
plays — Hulen to Sheehan; Mohler to Strelb
Time of game— 2:05. Umpire — McDonald.
No sooner did It become plain that the
favorite was really in distress than Otis
also began to cry enough. With a fur
loiife ttill to run, both were straight as a
string and it was plain neither could stay
In front to the wire. Then it was that
Lyne made his move on Wyeth. He set
the colt down and the son of Wadsworth
and Fonso came away past the leaders
with little effort and a hundred yards
from the wire was hailed as the winner.
Lyne kept him going and at the same
time had a little in reserve in case some
of the others should come from behind
w'.th a rush. He was watching for this
and saw Lucien Appleby and Aladdin
coming fast to the finish, but all he had
to do was to keep his horse going to stall
off their furious rush. Woods and Coburn
were driving hard through the last six
teenth of a mile, and they certainly got
the most out of their respective mounts.
It was not in Lucien Appleby and Aladdin
to beat Wyeth, and he passed under the
wire a winner by almost two lengths.
Summary:
First race, one mile — Wainamolnen won,
Federal second, Jiminez third. Time, 1:44 2-5.
Second race, six furlongs — Elsie L won, Vul
cain second. Zlbla third. Time. 1:16 3-5.
Third race, the American Derby, $20,000 add
pd, tor three-year-olds, one mile and a half: •
Wyeth 122 (Lyne). 12 to 1 1
Lucien Appleby 122 (J. Woods), 10 to 1 " 2
Aladdin 122 (Coburn), 20 to 1 3
Time, 2:40 1-5.
Otis, Heno, Prowl, Belle's Commoner, Lord
Hi- ran on with bulldog courage, but
could not shake off Otis, which had
closed up much of the gap the Western
colt opened around the turn. Belle's
Commoner, Wyeth and Aladdin now ap
peared to be running more strongly thau
the two leaders, and those who are quick
to discern when a racehorse is approach
ing the beaten point raised a cry that
neither Heno nor Otis would get any of
the money.
There was no change in the order down
the back stretch, but when a mile had
been completed Bullman seemed to- think
the time had come for him to make his
run with Heno. It was a poor piece of
jockeyship. Heno, when let down, drew
away from Otis and went round the far
turn, increasing his lead until fully three
lengths in advance. Otis hung on gamely
and it was not long before Heno began
to show signs of coming back. As they
rushed round the last turn to the straight
run for home, Heno had still the honor
of holding first place, but the effort was
costing him dearly.
HENO SHOWS HIS GAMENESS
His stride was beginning to shorten per
ceptibly.
The story of the race, is soon told.
There was little delay at the post and
Starter Dwyer got them away to a good
send off. Otis and Heno at once showed
in front, with Wyeth last. Round the
turn from the half mile post to the head
of the stretch the field came thundering
along at a good pace. .Otis and Heno
had drawn clear of all • contenders and
already were fighting for the lead. Past
the stand the same pair were running
head and head, well in front of the field,
on the outside of which were Arsenal
and Corrigan, both a little too far back
to please their backers. Round the club
house ¦ turn went the flying leaders. By
this time Aladdin had taken third place,
closely attended by Belle's Commoner.
Wyeth had moved up from last place
and had passed Prowl, Pentecost, Lord
Quex, Lucien Appleby, Hermls and Ar
senal. When half the distance of the race
had been completed Heno and Otis still
held a commanding lead, and showed no
sign of tiring. Belle's Commoner and
Wyeth were the nearest attendants, al
though Aladdin was still well up and on
the rail. Coburn apparently preferred to
drop back to fifth place rather than hus
tle his horse, with half the race to be
run.
WYETH IS LAST AWAY.
One of the best features of the race
won by Wyeth was that he got off last
after the fall of the flag and wore the
field down one by one. Striding along
in irresistible style, without any appar
ent effort and at the same time getting
over the ground grandly, he appeared at
all stages of the race to be running well
within himself, although passing one
horse after another and evidently travel
ing the fastest. They never had him
"straight" and his neck was not stretched
until the final sixteenth. Even then he
was far from being out, and he clear
ly won ¦with a little in reserve.
The real surprises of the race were Lu
cien Appleby and Aladdin, who finished
second and third, respectively. Lucien
Appleby would have been conceded a good
chance had the track been heavy, but
when the -dust was seen flying as the
horses went to the post for the first race
on the card, those who had placed their
faith in him in the future books gave up
their bets for as 'good as lost.
There is no room for argument about
the best horse winning. The race, free
from rough riding .or anything in the na
ture of "a* foul, was cleanly and truly
run. Wyeth was the best of the twelve
3-year-old colts that lined up at the bar
rier to-day before Starter Dwyer. Jockey
Lucien Lyne rode a sensible race on Mr.
Drake's colt. Heno, the heavily played
Eastern colt, went to the post -the' favor
ite at 2i£ to 1, but failed to finish inside
the money.
CHICAGO. June 21.— Coming with a
sweeping stride through the stretch, the
game colt. Wyeth, owned by John A.
Drake, won the American Derby this af
ternoon at Washington Park. The tra
ditions of the race were upheld by the
overthrow of the favorites and by the
Western horses beating the best that
could be sent from the East, k
Shay Bats In Winning Run
in Last Half of Ninth
Round.
Bullman Displays Poor Horse
manship on Heno, the
Favorite.
Ponies Defeat j Angels
After a Bitter
Struggle.
John A. Drake's Colt
an Outsider in the
Betting.
MORLEY DROPS
A NOTCH LOWER
WYETH IS FIRST
IN THE DERBY
59 00 will buy a good buggy , harness. ID
per cent ', off ..Wednesday , and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkln street
opposite City Hall. ' •
Big Harness Sale.
Over the last two miles of the race Cor
nell widened the gap. between her and the
Badgers little by little. Twice the boys
from Wisconsin spurted < and pulled . the
Ithacans back. ; Columbia hung- to "Wis
consin up to the .three-mile flag. At the
beginning of the last half-mile Wiscon-
The races were all rowed under splen
did conditions. The crews had a fair wind
with them. Courtney says his varsity
eight had power enough to have lowered
the record of 18:53 1-5 made b^Cornella
year ago If the crew had been harder
pressed. f '
The story qt the . big varsity race is the
record of a hard struggle for all six crews
for four .long miles.' For almost a mile
the long' graceful shells were lapped in
the struggle. Over the second mile Cor
nell began to gather ' her lead. Columbia
hung ; to Wisconsin for second place with
a deadly grip, while Georgetown was al
most nose and nose with the New,York
ers, with" Pennsylvania and Syracuse only
a few feet behind. This was the order of
the boats up to the last half-mile, where
Pennsylvania spurted, and finally 7 Syra
cuse jumped ahead of Georgetown a few
yards from the finish. t
FAST TIME IS MADE.
In i the four-oared Pennsylvania was
second, but in the varsity race the Quak
ers (finished In fourth place and in . tho
freshmen race they were fifth. The Uni
versity of Syracuse beat the Quakers for
fourth. place in the freshmen event, and
in the varsity Syracuse fought George
town out in the last few lengths, beating
the boys from Washington by less than
a yard at the finish line. In none of the
races were the records touched, but in all
three events the times were not far, from
the fastest made on this course.
Four-oared race, two, miles — Cornell first by
five lengths; time. 10:43 3-5. . Pennsylvania
cecond by three and a half lengths; time,
10:54 4-0. Columbia third; time, 11:08.
Freshmen eight-oared race, two miles — Cor
nell-first by two and three-quarters lengths;
time, , 0:34 4-5. Wisconsin, second by two and
a half lengths; time, 9:42 4-5. ¦ Columbia third
by one and a half lengths; time, 0:40. Syra
cuse fourth by four lengths; time, 9:53. Penn
sylvania fifth;, time, 10:16. ¦ ; ¦•• .
' 'Varsity ' elght-oared race, I four miles—Cor
nell first by three lengths; time,, 19:03 2-5.
Wisconsin second by a length and a half ; time,
19:13 3-5. Columbia third by : a length and
three-quarters; time, i 19:18 2-5. Pennsylvania
fourth by three-quarters of a length; time,
19:28., Syracuse fifth;. time, 19:31. Georgetown
sixth; time. 19:35. t V
. POUGHKEEPSIE, N. Y., June 21.—Cor
iiell won all three of the events to-day
In the Intercollegiate ' amateur regatta.
The four-oared racs was a bit of easy
work for her, but in both the freshmen
and the varsityj eights she was so closely
pressed that she had to win them in the
last half-mile "by a display of reserve
force which none of the other crews could
bring to , bear. Summary: .
CORNELL CREWS
ARE VICTORIOUS
CRICKETERS IN A MAT, CH
GAME IN.. GOLDEN GATE
PARK.
5 Cornell finished three, good lengths
ahead of Wisconsin. A length and a half
separated the Wisconsin and Columbia
boats, while the Quakers were nearly two
lengths behind the New Yorkers. Syra
cuse was not more than fifteen feet be
hind- Pennsylvania, and Georgetown was
less than 1 a yard behind Syracuse.
At the three-mile flag the race seemed
to bo .over, for Cornell was. two lengths
ahead. Columbia had dropped back to a
length and a quarter behind the Badgers,
and three crews in the race. . But . the'
Badgers were not yet P whipped. Once
more they spurted . and once more they
cut. down Cornell's lead by a . quarter of
a length before the Ithacans had reached
the three and a half mile flag. There was
more power,' however, left in the Cornell
boat, and the Ithacans simply laughed at
the Badgers and then' let out for the
finish, i': • <¦';-• • . •
The Badgers were still ready ; to bet
they would win the race, and their hopes
went up again as their crew, rowing at
two points lower per minute, passed the
two-mile flag, with Cornell barely seven
eighths of a length to the good. The same
distance s-eparated the Wisconsin and Co
lumbia boats. Two and a half lengths be
hind Columbia, Georgetown, Syracuse -and
Pennsylvania were still nip and tuck.
Over the next half mile Cornell began
to make up what she had lost. Little by
little the Ithacans pulled away from the
Badgers, ' until they were leading by a
full length. Columbia clung to Wisconsin
without losing a foot, while Georgetown.
Pennsylvania and Syracuse were once
mere almost even. , - / -.
At the end of the first mile Wisconsin
had cut down Cornell's lead by v half. a
length and the Ithacans were barely a
quarter of a length in the lead. Columbia
dropped back half a length more behind
Wisconsin; Georgetown was a quarter of
a lengthbehind Columbia, with Pennsyl
vania ten feet, in .the rear and Syracuse
a half length behind. .-
At the quarter-mile the Ithacans had
their shell ' a good quarter of a boat's
length ahead of the Badgers. At. the
half-mile the six shells had begun to as
sume final relative positions in the rac«,
which could now be easily measured. Cor
nell was leading by a three-quarters boat
length over Wisconsin, with Columbia a
quarter of a length behind the Badgers.
Georgetown, Pennsylvania and Syracuse
were pulling in the order named, only a
few feet separating the noses of their
shells. ' / ¦
CONTEST IS A CLOSE ONE.
,ll> was almost 6 .o'clock when Referee
John Eustls, asked the varsity men if they
were ready and fired his pistol. All six
crews -got away, in good style, but the
Cornell boat soon began to creep ahead.
At the end of the first eighth of a mile
Cornell had a lead of ten feet over Wis
consin, while the other four shells were
zigzagging alongside the Badger's cocks
wain.
sin was leading the New York boat by
only, a .length and a half. Georgetown
held fourth place up to the last half-mile,
when the Quakers pulled away. The
Washington - boys struggled hard, . but
finally dropped back to sixth and last
place in the struggle.',
' MARIN CCfUNTT ELEVEN.
G. Heljman, c. McNaughton, b. Storrs..: 2
C P. Coles, c. Storrs, b. Casidy 24
G. E. Bull, b. Bennlon 0
H. B. Andrews, c. and. b.. Storrs 2
R. W. Mason, b. Bennlon.-. ............... 0
A. F. Chambers,' b. Casidy 7
W. W. Warren, b. Storrs. 0
J.M.- Punnett, not out '.. ;.;.".. •¦..'..';'" 4
J. J. Theobald, b. Storrs.... 14
G. T.S.- White, b. Acklom... 1
J. Astel, c. Bennlon, b. Acklom.... 0
Wide 1, bye .1 2
Total Y. ............ ;.....<• 66
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
• Bowler — , :.'•:¦•: Balls. Runs. Maidens. Wick.
F.' ; A2 Bennlon.;... 36 . -¦ 20 2 .2
¦H. : W; Storrs... *..¦.• 60 : 27 .. 4
H. C. Casidy. .: . . 36 . 6 2 2
A. E.- Acklom •¦ -'8 .¦;, ¦,- 1 .. 2
Storrs bowlad one wide ball.
¦ r'i .SAN.. FRANCISCO :ELEVEN.
F. Bennlon, b. S Bull . T.*. 2
iS.H.M. LannoWe, b. Bull:. 15
W. Courtenay Bennett, b. Bull 0
H. C. Casidy, c. White, b. Coles 0
H. W. Storrs. runout 0
A. B. Acktom, b. Coles 0
W. H. McNaughton, not out 14
R. Rooker, b. , Coles '••.- 7
E. O. Chandler, c. : . Astel. b. Coles 7
P. Mildred, b.' Bull l
T. W.- Tetley. st. Punnett, b. Coles 7
Byes ............... .; .. . j$
Totals ..56
Runs at the fall of each .wicket — One for. 9,
two for 15, three for IS, four for 18, five for
18, six for 18, seven for 30, eight for 40, nine
for 49, ten for 66/
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler — ' Balls. Runs. Maidens Wick
C. P. Coles 77 25- 1 5 '
C. E. Bull ...... 72 ,27 3 4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
30
Eczema, Psoriasis, Salt
Rheum, Tetter and Acne
Belong to that class of inflammatory and disfiguring skin eruptions that
cause more genuine bodily discomfort and worry than all other known
diseases. The impurities or sediments which collect in the system because
of poor digestion, inactive Kidneys and other organs of elimination are
taken tip by the blood, saturating the system with acid poisons and fluids
that ooze out through the glands and pores of the skin, producing an inde-
scribable itching and burning, and « r can cheerfully endorBe your S. S. S.
the yellow, watery discharge forms as a cure for Eczema. I was troubled
into crusts and sores or little brown w *th it for 25 years and, tried many
the skin tender and raw. The effect ly relieved. "Wm. Campbell,
of the poison may cause the skin to 313 W. Central St., Wichita, Kan.
crack and bleed, or give it a scaly, fishy appearance; again the eruptions may
consist of innumerable blackheads and pimples or hard, red bumps upon
the face. Purification of the blood is the only remedy for these vicious skin
diseases. Washes and powders can only hide for a time the glaring
S>^—««^ y-»^ blemishes. S. S. S. eradicates all poisonous accumu-
r^^« (^^1 lations, antidotes the Uric and other acids, and
restores the blood to its wonted purity, and stimulates
fcw*/ fc»-^ and revitalizes the sluggish organs, and the impuri-
- '^ ***i^ ties pass off through the natural channels and
relieve the skin. S. S. S. is the only guaranteed purely vegetable blood
purifier. It contains no Arsenic/Potash o'r other liarmful mineral.
Writs us about your case and our physicians will advise without charge.
We have a handsomely illustrated book on skin diseases, which will be sent
free to all who wish it. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta. Ca.
©GGOO©©O©OOGC9O0OS9OO€500O90O(5<5OO0O0OOO0O00O0O
S , *szssr<$=za * - *
I How I Cure Weak, Puny Men |
© ' If there is a spark of vitality .in the veins of a weak, puny man I can Q
© fan it into flame and produce a physcial giant. '. \ #
® This refers to men who ought to be strong and have lost their physi- •
2 cal strength by overstepping the laws of nature. ®
q Any man who has ever been strong can be again. Age is no barrier. I J
q deal in vitality, and I can give it to a man of 80 as well as one of 30. q
© The energy. of your body is Electricity — that is what makes you go; 0
9 just as an engine j?oes. When you run down I can renew your power and ©
• set your body going again. •
® p' ve me a man °f $° feeling old and worn out, with pains in his back •
2 and joints.. I cart pump a stream of Electricity, into hi3 body for a few g
Q --hours every night and soon he will feel as strong and light-hearted as he x
0 did at 30.
A Mr. E. B. Miller of ComDton ave.,.Los An;celes, C?J.. writes: "J have used your q
a high-grade Belt -for two months for lame back, rheumatism and 'weakened nerves, Jf
X and am now a well man. I have gained over str pounds in weight and feel as strong «?
© ' and hearty as I ever did." ¦ ¦'• 9
5| Give me a man (or wopnan, for that matter) who has 'been sick and J
q suffering for years, and has taken- medicine until the system is all run J
© down and debilitated, the stomach unable to digest the food and the 5
9 nerves shattered. My Electric Belt will give new life to every organ, q
9 drive out disease, and restore health. o
© • • Mr. N. W. . Straw, Santa Barbara Country Club, Santa Barbara. Cal., ¦write*: ©
© "Your Belt has fulfilled every expectat ion. It has proven that $30 worth of electrtclty m
g% is worth $100 of medicine. I stopped the use of medicine entirely when I commenced jT
S to wear your Belt, and am'nov what I long. wished to be, a healthy man in every re- J*
2 spect. So 1 thank you for the Interest- and generosity you have shown me in so many ©
© ' waye."- ' ¦. ' ,.'¦¦ .•¦..--¦:¦,>..¦ ..".-. ( . " ' ©
® I sometimes wonder-how people can be skeptical as to the power of •
S my Belt to cure them, when' they know that the foundation of their trou- 9
q ble is a want of sufficient vitality in some part of the body, and it will take J?
0 a sensible man only a minute to see that the vitality of the body is elec- q
© tricity. So, get that back, as I give it, and you are cured. My patients are ©
•' the people who. have made a study of their own cases. When they do that ©
• they appreciate my remedy. - ©
2 Mr. Harry U. Jackson, !* Valletta. Cal., writes: "Although you are a "stranger to ©
©. me, my heart warms toward you as a great ¦ benefactor and, friend, and I am more ©
© than grateful to you. Already I can feel the visor of .new life in my body; no acnes Q
Q and no pains. I wish you every, success In your work." X
© I could fill this paper with. testimonials from honest people. If you 9
© . will call or write I will jrive you names of people all about you whom I O
• have cured. . ©
S Every day I take in .exchange old belts, of cheap makes which have ©
5 fallen to pieces or lost their power or. give no current, or. if they did. 2
q burned or blistered. All these defects I have overcome in mine, and I q
0 take the others in trade to prove it. . q
© . IF YOU HAVE AN OLD BELT OF ANOTHER MAKE WHICH HAS ©
© FAILED TO PLEASE YOU, BRING IT LN AS PART PAYMENT. ©
® I have abook which will inspire a man or woman who wants health, •
2 and strength." I will send it free, sealed, upon request if you will inclose g
0 this ad. / x
0 I would like to have vou call for. free advice and consultation. q
| Dr. M. C. McLau&hlin, ° 06 s l a A n R Fr B aL?J^ fiET ' %
©. '.. • Office Hours — 8.a.',m. .to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. ' 10 to 1.. ©
© NOTE — When you use Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt you, are under th* cai» of ©
© a physician. Agents . or drug stores are never allowed to sell these goods, ©
O0©O©OO9QQOCOOQ©aa©©OOGOOO3OOOO©9OOOOOO©OOOe§
-_ _ VSCENES AT THE ELKS* STREET FAIR AND THE HEAD OF THE SAN FRANCISCO LODGE OF THE ORDER
THE MEMBERS OF WHICH WERE GUESTS OF HONOR ON THE CLOSING NIGHT OF THE CARNIVAL IN
OAKLAND. ,
The Elks court was one of the attrac
tions of the carnival and a tidy sum was
reaped from the enforced oTTering3 on
the altar of Justice from ' the many vic
tims, willing and . unwilling, who were
dragged before the bar,
Primed for auxiliary efforts were Billy
Dean and J. Cal Ewing, as bailiff and
clerk respectively. They waited like tigers
In their lair for one notable victim, to wit
—Mayor Eugene E. Schmitz. But San
Francisco's " chief executive missed the
boat. In retaliation the bewhiakercd po
lice attaches haled Mayor.Anson Barstow
before the august tribunal and the court
In bank promptly fined tLe Oaklander $1
because he had failed , to producQ hii
brother Mayor from across the bay.
A double edition of the Elks* police *
court was in operation to-night, the exe
cutioners being William Hume and Clar
enco Crowell. These dignitaries, in prop
er wig and gown, threw out bunches of
justice that would have made the mytho
logical lady with the scales tremble had
she witnessed the scene.
Court Does Good Work.
Those who have been on duty with
"Proprietor" C. J. Heeseman are: Pete
Sloan, Jack Matthews, C. J. Ott, Chariea
Hart, Ed Weldler, Charles Hannon, Oscar
Strauss, Dave McLaughlin, Al Lean Ray
Baker, W. H. J. Matthews, J. Cal Ewin~
J. C. Hanna and a host of others.
The plan is unique. Tickets cost 10
cents each, and every ticket draws some
thing. It may be a shoestring or it may
be a live goat or it may be a buggy. The
uncertainty of what may be drawn con
stitutes the most attractive feature of the
"store."/, "'*'<'¦.':
OAKLAND, June 21.— Bonds to the ex
tent of $15,000 were voted to-day for the
erection of a public school building at
Richmond. The vote wa3 160 for and 40
against.
counter of the artistic little bungalow in
side of which the fantastically garbed
clerks were dispensing prizes with lavish
hand and glib tongue.
Richmond Votes School Eonds.
Elks' Carnival Reception Room furniture for
sale at half price at HT ScheUhaaa", Oakland. •
OAKLAND, June 21.— The Ancient Order
of Jnited Workmen lodges and the De
gree of- Honor auxiliary have arranged a
reception for Tuesday evening at Masonic
Temple in honor of Supreme Master
Workman Webb McNall and his party,
who. have been attending the Supreme
Lodge sessions at^Portland, Or.
Reception by Workmen's Lodges.
OAKLAND, June 21.— Because of his ac
tion In closing the Dewey Theater dur
ing the Elks* street fair. Manager Lan
ders Stevens and his partner, E. H. Chap
man, have received the thanks of the fair
management. The theater will be re
opened Sunday night with a production of
"The Bells." in which Mr. Stevens will
play Matthias, a part that he has earnest
ly and Intelligently studied.
Thanks for manager Stevens.
Paine, whose wife recently sued for
divorce on the grounds of desertion, felt
that it was Pereau who had alienated hla
wife's affections. The husband made sev
eral threats against the conductor. The
trouble culminated in Palne's attack on
Pereau. Since the encounter special effort
has been made by both parties to hush,
the matter up. It 13 understood that
Paine has made a formal apology to tha
man he tried to shoot and that they hava
buried the hatchet.
BERKELEY. June 21— There was a
hand-to-hand encounter In the baggage
room of the 6 o'clock West Berkeley local
on Tuesday night last, in which the con
ductor, Howard J. Pereau of 2426 Fourth
street, and James Paine, who lives on the
corner of Page and Third streets, were
principals. Paine drew a pistol and tried
to shoot Pereau, but was disarmed.
ily Trouble on the West Berkeley
Local.
James Paine Attempts to Settle Fam-
HE DBEW A PISTOL
ON THE CONDTTCTO3
Oakland Office San Francisco ,Call.
1118 Broadway, June 21.
Under the terms of the will of the late
Herman A. Tubbs, who met death in an
accident Monday last at Sausalito, his
widow, Alice L. Tubbs, receives half o£
the estate. The deceased's mother, Susan
A. Tubbs, and Herman Drew Nichols,
the son of hi3 niece, Ethel Nichols, shara
the remaining half.
The will was filed for probate to-day
by the widow and the niece's son, who
are nominated in the will to officiate aa
executors without bonds.
The instrument bears the date of Janu
ary 2S, 1902— just a few days subsequent
to the secret marriage that was contract
ed by young Tubbs and Alice L. Meader-
Jeffries. It was drawn up in San Fran
cisco and was witnessed by T. F. Draper
and S. H. Rich, both of that city.
According to the first provision of the
will the widow is bequeathed the hand
some residence that \he deceased had re
cently finished in Sausalito. It Is on Cen
tral avenue, near Sunshine avenue, and
rests upon an ample piece of ground.
All tho furniture and other Improvements
are included in the bequest.
Herman Drew Nichols tfShes In for all
the shares of the capital stock of the
Union National Bank of Oakland and tha
Union Sowings Bank of Oakland that
stood in Tubbs' name at the time of his
, death. The stock is to be free of all in
cumbrance and if at the time, of death
any of the stock should be held by any
body as collateral for loans or as security
for any indebtedness, the indebtedness
is to be settled out of the funds of tha
estate and delivered to Nichols free of:
all liens. The value of the stocks is un
known. .
The widow and the mother are to shara
equally in the residue, and to facilitate its
distribution the executors are authorized
to sell any portion of it.
The value of the estate is not known
as the petition that accompanies the will
merely states that it is worth over $10,000,
although the entire property is estimated
to be worth at least $250,000. The prin
cipal asset of the estate is the interest
in the Tubbs Cordage Company, of which
the deceased was the vice president. Be
sides there is a tract of valuable land
in East Oakland, adjoining Geranium Vil
la, the home of Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Smith;
the Washington Hall property at the
southeast corner of Sixth avenue and
East Twelfth street, and stocks and bond3
in various corporations. Wilson & Wil
son of San Francisco are the attorneys
for the widow.
Will BeaTs Date a Few Day3
Subsequent to Deceased's
' Secret Marriage.
Mother and Niece's Son
Share in Remaining
Portion.
WIDOW GETS HALF
OF TUBBS' ESTATE
100-yard handicap— H. H. Hlllberry, 9 3-4
yards start, won. Time, 10 1-10 seconds.
A. F. Duffey (American) was entered,
but did not compete. Hammer throw— E.
B. May, Oxford, six feet handicap, won.
Distance. 134 feet, 3 1-2 inches. R. W.
Edgrcn (American), scratch, 125 feet, 31-4
tocbes, was third.
LONDON. June 2L— The results at the
London Athletic Club meeting at Stan
ford Bridge to-day were as follows:
American Athletes in England.
OAKLAND, June 21.— The Board of
Health has re-elected . Dr. O. D. Hamlin
as president.
Be-elects Dr. 0. D. TTflmT,^
Four hundred and sixty cane and wood seat
chairs from Elks' Carnival for sale cheap at
H. Schcllhaae 1 . Eleventh street, Oakland. •
OAKLAND, June 21.— C. W. Vosmer,
who has been conducting a "plate game"
outside the Elks' street fair grounds, has
been arrested, with James Tyrar, who, the
police say, was a "capper." They will be
tried in the police court July 8.
Jail Plate Game Operators.
OAKLAND, June 2L— The Rev. William
Nat Friend of Golden, Colo., son of Post
master W. H. Friend, will occupy the pul
pit to-morrow morning at Union-street
Presbyterian Church and will preach at
the evening services In the First .Presby
terian Church.
Bev. W. Mat Friend Will Preach.
OAKLAND, June 2L— The Board of Free
Library Trustees has selected Monday
evening. June" SO, for the dedication of the
Carnegie Free Public Library. The pro
visional programme calls for addresses by
President Benjamin. Id© Wheeler. Univer
sity of California; Colonel John P. Irish,
Cod the Rev. Ernest E. Baker, pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church. Tho ladles
of the Ebell Society will furnish the mu
sic.
Carnegie Library Dedication.
OAKLAND, June 2L — Licenses to mar
ry were Issued to-day to Charles E. Moos
er, over 21 years old, Reno, and Lulu V.
Edwards, over IS, Oakland; Owen J. 'Wil
liams, £2, and Caroline Davis, 38, both of
Crockett; John I* Maschlo, 24, and
Blanche N. Wallace, IS, both of Oakland;
F«ter Benson, 25, and Annie O'Counell, 28,
both of Oakland; Laren A. Painter, 23.
and Jameslna M. Johnstone, 18, both of
Oakland.
licensed to Many.
ALAMEDA, June ZL— W. M. Hadley,
-who was found last night In a ditch near
X>owiieT In. Southern California, uncon
scious from a number of knife wounds.
Is a brother of Police Officer J. B. Had
ley and of Miss Mabel C Hadley of this
city. Hadley formerly worked In Ala
meda for Dr. W. O. Smith and the late
H. P. MoreaL He Is SO years of age and
unmarried. When his relatives in Ala
meda last beard from him he had Just
left a hospital In Los Angeles. That was
two weeks ago. HadJey's brother says
the Injured man has been subject to epi
leptic fits.
Wounded A 1 "™**""" Identified.
Grants Teachers' Certificates.
OAKLAND, June 2L— The County Board
of Education to-day granted the follow
ing teachers' certificates:
High Echool — Airs. H. Fish. Mary Lemon,
IXm Martin, Edith Rannle.
Grammar rrade — Mary Jewltt, Veda Veroa
lia, M&ry Horizon, Anna. Kxeaa, Amy Furlonc.
Permanent jraramar srade — Mrs. C T. El
liott, ETfl* Trtmlngham. Chart ott* Trimlngham.
G*rtrude Hubbard.
Permanent primary crtAt — Bally MUlsr
BfoweoBM.
Renewals, cramssar erode — S. V. Lame,
Phoebe Lowrie. M. Zj. Whelan. C. E. Reed.
Mrs. Fannie Beck.
Special Hlrh School In drawing- — Grace Daw
son.
Recommended for hlth. school life diploma; —
Mrs. Mary Dlcksoa, Q. S. Dickson, Sir*. C. T.
Elliott. Miss Carrie Parish.
OAKLAND, June 2L— On the ground
that she has been rendered a permanent
epileptic by a fall from one of the de
'endant's trains, Gertrude Johnstcn, aged
.6 years, 'through her guardian, Charles
Manson, began suit to-day aglnst the
Southern Pacific Company for $25,000
damages. Miss Johnston says ehe was
• returning from San Francisco to Niles on
September 2 last and when nearing her
destination the brakeman called out the
6tatlon. The train stopped a hundred
yards from it, however, and she, thinking
it was the station, went to tho platform
and prepared to alight. As she was go
ing down the steps the train started to
pull into the station and she was thrown
to the ground. She fell against some ties
and received a compound fracture of the
ekull, from which she will suffer perma
nent epilepsy, and a compound fracture
or the right arm.
Miss Gertrude Johnston Sues South
em Pacific Company for $25,000
Damages.
PERHANE2TT EPILEPSY
FOLLOWS ACCIDENT
Mrs. Putzar Is married but her hus
band Is away at present. It was during
his absence that Clayton, she charges. In
duced her to part with her gold.
Clayton got the money on May 16. That
Bams day he resigned his position and
fled with a woman supposed to be his
wife. The ten days elapsed, and failing
to hear from the insurance agent Mrs.
Putzar appealed to the police. Chief
Hodgklns secured a trace of the missing
superintendent and this afternoon re
ceived word of the arrest.
According to the complaint lodged with
the police by Mrs. Putzar, an elderly
housewife, residing at 1708 Thirteenth
Etreet, ehe is the victim of a smooth
tongued rascal. She had business with
Clayton while he was connected with the
Insurance company. He learned that
Mrs. Putzar had the money and laid a
plan to get It. By representing that a
friend of his needed J1GQQ for ten days
and would pay a high rate of Interest for
a loan Clayton secured the coin, giving
what the police say was a forged note as
security.
Accused of swindling Mrs. Janet G.
Putzar of $940, Edward R. Clayton, for
merly assistant superintendent of the
Metropolitan Life Insurance Company of
Ean Francisco, was arrested In Chicago
to-day upon request of Chief of Police
Hodgklns of this city. Detectives will
leave Monday with requisition papers to
bring the fugitive back to Oakland.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 2L
• Janet Putzar.
Is Charged With the Theft
cf $940 From Mrs.
SL R. Clayton, Insurance
Man, Is in Prison at
Chicago.
ARREST ALLEGED
WOMAN SWINDLER
OAKLAND, June 21.— The ladles in
charge of the several women's conces
sions at the fair are much pleased with
the success which has attended their ef
forts, and a half-dozen or 'more of Oak
land's charitable organizations will ba
richer for the week's work at the carni
val. Especially are the Fablola. ladies
pleased, for the demand for their dough
nuts exceeded their fondest expectations.
Mrs. Allen D. Wilson and Mrs. Willard
Barton were in charge of the booths this
afternoon and evening, and were assisted
by Mrs. Eleanor Deering, Mrs. E. S.
Bakery Mrs. |G. Lathrop, Mrs. W. W.
St'andeford, . Mrs. Arthur Brown, Mrs.
Henry Dieckmann, Mrs. Robert S.
Knight, Miss Marie Plaw, Mias Margaret
getic Work at Elks' Pair.
Oakland's Charities Gain by Ener-
WOMEN SCORE SUCCESS.
Every evening during the fair a dozen
husky-lunged young E^ks have been
"spieling" for the wares of the country
store, and the fact that the sales
have been more than. $300 a night shows
the success of their work. The original
ity that has been shown In this work has
been the' wonder of the week, and every
night the people have crowded around the
OAKLAND, June 21.— The most profit
able feature of the fair as far as the Elks
themselves are concerned has. been the
"Country 6tore." This scheme was orig
inated by Charles J. Heeseman and has
been« carried out by him and his staff of
assistants in a manner to add nearly $2000
to the treasury of the Elks.
Great Deal of Money.
Pet Scheme of Heeseman Produces a
COUNTRY STORE A SUCCESS.
Florence Fogg, Misses Beulah and May
Summers, Miss Pearl Merrill, Miss M. T.
House, Miss E. McGowan, Miss Addie
Ingham, Miss Helen Bacon, Miss Cora
Mitchell, Miss Pearl Abrams, Miss Mamie
Nelson, Miss "Vandergaw, Mrs. Bacon and
Mrs. Charles Lufken.
The day was a busy one for the Young
Women's Christian Association. It was
"East End day," and the hoys from the
settlement were visitors to the fair. The
settlement drummer boy was among
them, and his artistic . drumming was.
quite an attraction. Porter Shaw and
Albert Ralstan 'were very amusing as
"spielrs". for the booth. Miss Kate Cole
was in charge to-day, her corps of as
sistants Including Mrs. J. B. Richardson,
Mrs. Sarah B. Cheek, Mrs. L. N. Gross,
Miss Elsie Cole, Miss Alice Wright, Miss
Everybody on the grounds seemed to be
decorated with a boutonnlere to-day from
the Native Daughters' booth. Mrs. J. E.
Baker was in charge. Assisting her were
Mrs.' T. C. Landregan, Mrs. A. L. Frick,
Miss Del Sisterna and Miss Dora An
drews.
Miss Jennie Wheaton was hostess at
the Squirrel Inn, her assistants being
Mrs. Robert Watt, Mrs. Cora Merritt,
Mrs. Edwin Taggart, Mrs. C. J. Long,
Mrs. C. O. Huber, Mrs. D. T. Fowler and
Misses Minnie and Lucille Huber.
Sinclair, Misses Kate and Claire Chabot
and that indefatigable "spieler" Willard
Barton.
Most of the visitors remained until the
close and took part in the' Jollification
that marked the end.
Leavltt, H. C. Capwell, Dr. W. S. Halsey,
Dr. C. L. Tisdale, George E. de Golia and
Fred J. Teeple.
Exalted Ruler Percy V. Long of San
Francisco Lodge and Exalted Ruler G.
Russell Lukens of Oakland Lodge were
conspicuous in' the parades and festivities
and omitted nothing that tended to pro
mote the great joy of the two herds at
finding .themselves in one pasture of
pleasure.
Among the many Oakland Elks on tho
reception committee that met the visitors
were Exalted Ruler G. R. Lukens, Judg<»
H. A. Melvin, D. H. Priest, F. M. Davie,
Fred Osgood, Captain Stevens, Captain
Freeman, E. O. Beamish, George Faulk
ner, Frederick Graham, Willia'fci Mat
thews, R. L Auld, J. E. Whitins, F. W.
Within the carnival lnclosure the San
Franciscans were the recipients of every
attention and cordiality that could be
given them by the hosts of Oakland
Lodge, and every member constituted
himself a host.
A special ferry-boat brought the San
Francisco Elks to the pier and two spe
cial trains conveyed them to Broadway
station. When the first section arrived
1200 Elks, their ladles and friends formed
in line and, led by a brass band and tho
reception committee of Oakland Lodge,
marched up Broadway from Seventh to
ISleventh street, turned down tho latter
thoroughfare and paraded beneath' the
illuminated entrance and into the carni
val grounds. The reception committee
and band then returned to Broadway sta
tion, met the second special train and
repeated their first happy maneuver. In
the second procession were nearly 1500
Elks and their guests.
OAKLAND, June 21.— Elks from San
Francisco and their friends in herds of
thousands . stampeded this city to-night.
The Oakland Elks met them at the pier,
at the stations and at every street and
trail leading to the grand carnival corral,
and showed them what true Elk hospi
tality Is like.
Enjoy Oakland's Hospi
tality.
San Francisco Sends Thousands to
AND ELKS MEET ELKS.
i
the fair range from $10,000 to $14,000. The
final figures will be far in excess of the
amount it was hoped would be realized.
Key Giving Freedom
to City Formally \
Returned.
POLICE COMMENDED.
The Mayor added a word of commenda
tion for the police and street departments,
upon which had devolved much labor
during the week.
San Francisco was represented to-night
by several thousand Elks and their
friends, who came in special boats and
trains. Besides there were many train
loads of visitors from across the bay,
with hundreds from Alameda, Berkeley
and the suburbs to swell the throng.
Estimates as to the net returns from
The fair has been remarkable for Its good
order and for the absence of objectionable fea
tures or disreputable practices. It has been a
place where gentlemen could take their wives
and children at all times with perfect freedom
and propriety. The amusements have been
clean and attractive and I feel constrained to
say that you gentlemen have shown to no bet
ter advantage than in the moral tone of your
management. We have had a week of merry
making—a day off. as it were— from the cares
and trials of ordinary business, and we have
enjoyed It all the more because it leaves no
bad taste in the mouth. We have had thou
sands of visitors from all over the State who
have praised the enterprise and public spirit of
Oakland, and expressed surprise at the beauti
ful exhibition made on these grounds.
1 think every citizen of Oakland Joins with
me In expressing gratification at the manner In
which you have carried out your self-imposed
'task. The fair has been a credit to Oakland
and an honor to the Elks. The generous pat
ronage extended to your enterprise testtilea to
the public appreciation of your efforte, and Is
a heartly recognition of the attractions you
have presented. That „ you have gained the
financial rewards your undertaking deserves is
as cheering to me aa it is satisfactory to you.
I think all the residents of the city heartily
rejoice that you have succeeded beyond the
measure of your expectations.
A CREDIT TO OAKLAND.
gayety.
It was to this aspect that Mayor Bar
stow pointed strongly to-night during his
address at the closing of the fair. And
he said further:
ATTENDANCE WAS LAEGK
More than 80,000 people passed through
the gates to-day, swelling the total num
ber of admissions during the carnival to
more than 130,000, a figure almost double
that which before the fair was opened
it was estimated would attend.
Oakland and the neighboring cities re
sponded in a way that has not only de
lighted the promoters of this street fair,
but has given the city an Impetus calcu
lated to be of inestimable value. That
element of the carnival is one which men
of affairs In Oakland have found an en
thusiastic subject of discourse. That
Oakland can attract from without has
been so splendidly demonstrated that the
city has been invigorated beyond the
fondest hopes of the business men who
lent their assistance in this week of
OAKLAND, June a.— With the re
frain of Bobby Burns* homely
verse, "Auld Lang Syne," ring-
Ing through the immense throng,
the Elks' Street Fair and Carni
val, Oakland's seven days' wonder, ended
at midnight to-night.
Hundreds of Elks were gathered about
the grand court and music pavilion, where
the closing ceremonies were witnessed by
thousands, who Joined in the music so
familiar to every Elk and so appropriate
to the finale of the splendidly successful
fete.
There were speeches of congratulation
and a formal return of the key, the em
blem representing the freedom of the city,
that had been in the custody of. Director
General Max Schleuter, to Mayor Anson
Barstow. A felicitous address by his
Honor followed, and there was nothing
but praise for everybody who had con
tributed to the success of the carnival,
marked aa It was by not a single unpleas
ant Incident It Is a record of which
Oakland Lodge of Elks might well be
proud. . •
Mayor Congratulates
Patrons of the
Carnival.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
WITH RINGING SONG AND FELICITATION
ELKS' BIG STREET FAIR COMES TO END
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES OAKLAND ALAMEDA COUNTY BERKELEY
31A number of guests from Rowardennan went
down to Santa Cruz last Monday for a swim
in the surf. The De Laveagas drove down and
the rest went by train. Among them were
Mrs. H. L. Meyer and her niece. Miss Laura
Meyer; the Fosters and several others. Every
day there are numerous horseback parties from
the hotel. The .Volkmans and Hochsteins ride
out every other morning. Miss Mead Mr
Adams and the Rochat girls are all expert
riders. On Tuesday morning: a four-in-hand
party left for a picnic at Big Basin, where
the picnickers spent the day and cooked lunch
in true camp style. Miss Julia de Laveaga
was the hostess and the guests were Miss Pat
rick, Miss Olga Hochsteln, Miss Johanna Volk-
Mr. Samuel Adelstein Is spending two weeks
at Monte Vista, Placer County, and will pass
the entire month of July at Lake Tahoe and
vicinity. '
Colonel John- C. Currier and his daughter
Miss Natalie Harriet Currier, have chanced
their residence to 2922 Pacific avenue, between
Broderick and Baker. . -...
Mr. Goldman of 1462 Market street Will leave
to-day on a trip through the Eastern cities
thencee to Paris, returning in about ten weeks
Mr. and Mrs. Kramer and family. Miss Jessie
Sass and Miss D. Schroeder are spending
their summer vacation at Nlles Canyon.
Mrs. Prendergast and her daughter Rose are
spending their vacation In Sonoma.
¦ Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Love have returned to
the city from a two weeks' visit to San Rafael
Mrs. O. Berman and family have postponed
their southern tour and are spending the sum
mer at Haywards.
After an absence of two and a half years in
Europe at the hospitals of London, Paris, Ber
lin, Budapest and Vienna, mostly at the. latter
place. Dr. Malvinca T. Judell has returned to
her native city. She is staying for the pres
ent with her sister, Mrs. C. M. Wollenbere.
at 1847 Larkin street. *'
PERSONALS.
HOME PARTIES.
= On Saturday evening, June 14, a number of
friends gave Mrs. Georee A. Little a surprise
party at her home, lOtil Broadway. An original
poem tunable for the occasion was read by-
Laura Cantus and caused much lauehter. It
•was Ions after midnight before the pleasant
affair came to a clos>e. Those in the party
were: Mr. and Mrs. George A. Little, Mr. and
Mrs. J. W. Colby. Mr. and Mrs. W. Fasen
burc, Mr. and Mrs. F. R. Margetts, Mr. and
Mrs. J. P. Schaertzer, the Misses Laura Can
tus. Emma Cantus. Minnie Sproul, Carrie
Bproul, JoEie Crawford, Emma Koopman,
Messi-6. Leo Giard. George Schroyer, Clifford
Tubbs, William Crawford, Edward Pearce, W.
C. Norton. Isa Couch, W. H. McSusan and
Victor Koehne.
The home of Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Pape. 116
Thirteenth avenue. In the Richmond district,
m-as the eeene of much grayety Sunday, June 8.
In honor of the birthday anniversary of the
hostess. The home was beautifully decorated
for the occasion. Dancing, sing-ing and games
were the features of the entertainment. A re
past was served. Those present were: Mr.
and Mi*. H. J. Pape, Master George Pape.
Mrs. M- Pape. Miss M. Pape, Mr. and Mrs. A.
Jleinen. Miss L. Anthony. Mrs. F. Rettig,
Mrs. F. Weiemann. Mrs. W. G. Zell. Miss M.
Zell, T. Hillraan. Mr. and Mrs. W. Paysen.
Misters W. and A. Paj'sen, Mr. and Mrs. W.
Kolkn:a.n3. Master F. Kolkmann. Mr. and Mrr.
Brunnenk&iit, Miss K. Brunnenkant, Miss L.
Brunnenkant, W. Brunnenkant. Mr. and Mrs.
H. Beckman. Mr. and Mrs. Verhoeven. Miss
¦W. Verhoeven, Mr. and Mrs. J. Flinker and J.
Tho<5e.
Among the most notable gatherings of last
week v.£M the reception tendered S. M. West
June 17, it being the anniversary of his birth.
Games, dancing:, merrymaking and vocal and
instrumental music passed the hours. Ampng
those present were: Mr. and Mrs. S. M. West,
Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham, Mr. and Mrs.
Grambow, Mr. and Mrs. Page, Mr. and Mrs.
Nelson, Mr. and Mrs. Edwards, Mrs. Puttuck,
Dr. Bushnell, Mr. Lund, Miss J. Hines. Miss
L. Murray, Mr. Scnroeder, Mr. Stevens, Mr.
Raabe. S. Gianettoni, Miss C. Murray, Miss
L. Prohn, Miss D. Nelson, R. Murray, Miss L.
West, Miss J. Hines, Miss A. Nelson, Miss
L. Puttuck and Miss C. West.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C Childs gave a farewell
party at their residence, 745 Shotwell street,
Monday night. The house was beautifully dec
orated with flowers. Mr. Fowlle, Mr. Whit
tier and Mrs. Earle rendered musical selections.
After indulging in games the guests retired to
the dining-room, where supper awaited them.
Those present were: Louis Phillips, Will
Whittier. E. Poe. George L. Baccus, Mr. Post.
Charles Barrows, Howard Childs, Miss Paul
ine Kelly, Mrs. Josephine Post, Mr. and Mrs.
Fowlie, Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. Arnie Hanken,
Mrs. Florence Earle.
There was a surprise party given to W. R.
Stephens at his residence in Frultvale last
Saturday evening in honor of- his birthday.
There were games of different kinds, including
ping pong, in which the Rey, Mr. Mowbray
took active part. There were present: The
Rev. Mr. Mowbray, Lieutenant. AI Smith Ser
geant Al Clark, W. Ingham. from East Oak
land: Williara Stephens, Corporal Walter Ste
phens. Ed Evans, Miss Gertrude Morrow. M'ss
Rose Morrow. Miss Lottie Carr, from Melrose;
MIes Florence Stephens. Miss Gertrude Smith,
Mra. W. R. Stephens and W. R. Stephens.
An enjoyable ping pong party was recently
held at the summer home of Mrs. H. Striem,
Idlewild. Santa Cruz Mountains. Those pres
ent were the Misses Amy Woodward. Annie
Flood. Jennie French. Elizabeth Nicholson.
Vivienne E Striem. Mr. and Mrs. G. Hueter.
Mr. and Mrs. S. H. Collins. Mrs. H. Strle-.n.
Mrs. P. Shaen and son Harold. Mrs. and Miss
Omey, Mrs. Grey. Messrs. Louis H. Hueter,
Ernest L. Hueter, Ed D. Frank, F. Slater, T.
Malcolm. G. Thompson.
A surprise party was given on Monday even
ing,' June 16, to Miss Lottie Haney. at 710^
Clementina street. Among the guests were:
Misses Mari^uerette and Winnie O'Connor,
Lula Gress, Nora Kelly, Christina Ferle, Gladys
Coney, Tessie Hawkins. Lizzie Franks, Lena
Franks. Suste McCook, Viola Sullivan, Miss
Lottie L. Narvest, Mrs. H. E. O. Foole. Mrs.
E. Harvey, Mrs. J. Franks, Mrs. Ferle, Herbert
Gre?>?, James McCook, Edward Murphy, James
Fleln. Maurice Sweeney, Willie Kelly. Johnny
Clark. Mr. and Mrs. E. Harvey
The many friends of Miss Anita Smith gave
her a party at her residence last Monday even-
Ing. The decorations were In pink, sweet peas
and ferns being used In abundance. Music
and recitations were rendered during the even
ing. The hostess was gowned In a very pretty
satin foulard trimmed with pink silk and black
velvet. She was the recipient of many beauti
ful presents, when the anniversary of her
birth supper followed the evening's entertain
ment, and the truest* departed at a late hour.
Amorsr those present were: Misses Li da Pix
ley. Hazel Ellery. Lulu and Adeline Ttautner.
May Ferjruson. Edna Cook. Ida and Jessie
Hlnton. Myra Coon, Mr. and Mrs. A. S. Fal
very. Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Hinton. Mrs. M.
Ferguson. Mrs. Coon, Mrs. A. Burr. Mrs G.
Malers. Mr. and Mrs. Peter Rlddell. E. B. Pir
ley. D. Campbell. F. Haines. Mr. Syra. W.
Heinze. F. Lehman. Master M. Hlnton. F. C.
Wehland, Eddie Dale, Carl Stoll and Mr. and
Mrs. M. J. Smith.
The guests at Miss Flossy Levy's theater
party last week In honor of her graduation
were: Bertha Baden. Hazel Gordon. Hortenss
Gyle, Ruby Frledbcrg, Belle • Gluckman Es
telle Graff. Bertha Asher. Flossie Levy. Essie
Basch. Blanche Levy. Carrie Auerbach Eda
Aronson. • Annie Auerbach, Babette Baum
srarten, Bernice Newman. Mabel Coblentz
Sylvia Kresteller, Alice Kauffman and Edna
Strauss. ,
A surprise party was tendered Miss Hilda
Hottermann at her residence. 2528 Bryant
street. Wednesday evening. June 11. by Miss
Emily Grellmann. The evening was spent
pleasantly In music, dancing and games
Among those present were: Miss Hilda Hot
termann MIes Emily Grellmann Miss Helen
Falter. Miss Jessie MacNaughton. Miss Mae
Kerrigan, Miss Gertrude Sullivan Miss Annie
Donovan. Mies Emma O'Brien, Walter Cortel
you. Charlie Grellmann. Peter O'Brien. Alfred
Holtermann, Rudolph Holtennann. Allaire Ed
monds * .
CliUB PARTIES.
The Little. Women Club of 120 Welsh street,
between Fourth and Fifth and Bryant and
Brannan, gave an outing Wednesday at Golden
Gate Park to the twenty-five children of their
tewing school. The United Railroads, through
the kindness . of Mr. ! Jessup, . furnished free
transportation. The Park Commissioners gave
liberal concessions and through the kind hos
pitality of Mrs. Hlckox of the Children's Play
Ground, nothing was left* undone to insura the
fullest enjoyment to each child. Goldberg,
Bowcn & Co. donated a large box of fancy
cakes for the occasion: The Little Women
Club is a charitable organization of recent
growth, formed to teach young girls sewing
and morals. Tuition is free and the school is
non-sectarian. It is kept going by member
ship of 25 cents a month. In the short time
the school is open much good has been accom
plished. Classes meet only on Wednesday and
Friday afternoon, from 3 to 5. Following are
the names of the officers: Miss Grace Wiener,
manager: Miss Rebecca Delvalle, president
board of council; Misses Dora Levy, Clara
Meyer, Jessie Zacharlas, board of council: Miss
Charlotte Redllck, secretary; Miss Fannie G.
Redllck, financial secretary.
The first dance of the season at Rowarden
nan took place Wednesday evening last. A
special train from Santa Cruz took a great
many and with the large number of guests
stopping at the hotel and cottages the pavilion
was full of dancers. Among those in attend
ance were the Misses Norma and l Charlotte
Castle, Miss Patrick, the Misses Mead, Misa
Marion Smith, Miss Burdge, Miss de Laveaga,
Misses Florence, Lillian and Emily Rochat,
Miss Frieda Ohland, Miss Laura Meyer, Miss
Olga Hochstein, Miss Johanna Volkman, Miss
Edna Davis, Miss Ames, Miss Erna Herrmann,
Miss Erna Schmidt, Miss Maude Payne, Miss
Ethel Woodward, the Misses Lally, Miss
Auzerais, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Deming, Mrs.
Gray, Mrs. Davis, Mrs. C. P. Woolworth, Mrs.
J. B. Casserly, Mrs. C. Mason Kinne, Mra. W.
W. Young, Mrs. Davis, Mrs. Bosqui, Mrs.
Kochat, Mrs. Meade, Mrs. W. J. Licet, Mrs.
T. O. Hihn, Mrs. Paul Jarboe, Mrs. Garish,
Mr3. Dlckenson, Mrs. Meyers, Mrs. L. A.
Spaulding, L. D. Mead, W. Davis Jr., W
J. Leet, O. P. Olson, J. G. Tanner, J. R.
Dapiels, W. H. Deming, E. Volkmann,
Edgar Behlow, Walter Behlow, Vincent de
Laveaga, Edwin • de . ' Laveaga, - J. H.
Otis and others, from San Francisco.
Among the guests • from Santa Cruz were :
Miss Anna Linscott, Miss Arano, Miss Morey,
Miss Rutherford, Miss Shakleford, Miss Arm
strong, Miss Stauf, Miss Stubble, Miss Fagen
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Swanton, Mr." and Mrs. J
G. Farmer, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Williamson,
Mr. and Mrs. C. J. Kline. Mr. and Mrs. H S
Wanzer, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Doyle, Mr. and
Mrs M. C. Hopkins Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Irish
Mr. and Mrs. William. Moore, Mr. and Mrs
George Staffle, Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Forsythe
Mr. and Mrs.. Hedgepath, Mr. and Mrs Dan
Merrill; Messrs. J. Cook, William Rutherford
Walter Smith, P. Foster, John Dellman, Morris
Hovey, Ralph Morris, Ralph Thompson. R. R,
Linscott. L. E. Proda, F. Dickinson, Mr
Gardner, Paul McCreary, Dr. W. R. Linscott'
MARRIED.
A very pretty ceremony occurred Wednesday
morning, June 11, in Star of the Sea Church,
when Loretto V. Conway and William J.
O'Connell of the HIbernia Bank were united in
marriage. The ceremony, which was perform
ed by Rev. T. J. O'Connell, brother of the
groom, was followed by a nuptial mass. The
bride •was given away by her brother, George
F. Conway. A wedding breakfast was served
at the home of the bride to about fifty relatives
and Intimate frieilds. ¦ .
The bride, who was very prettily gowned In
white crepe de chine, trimmed with embroider
ed chiffon, was attended by her sister, Ma
thilde B. Conway, as maid of honor. Her dress
was of fine jusl cloth made over pale blue
Bilk. With this costume ehe wore a black pic
ture hat. The groom was accompanied by his
brother, Fred O'Connell.
After a short northern trip Mr. and Mrs.
O'Connell will reside in the pretty home Mr.
O'Connell has recently built on First avenue,
near Clay Etreet.
A quiet wedding occurred on Tuesday, the
17th. at the residence of W. M. Cannon, the
bride's uncle, iW20 Twenty- first street. The
contracting parties were Thomas F. Symons
and Miss Mamie' Barry, both of Sonora, Tuol
umne Counnty. Rev. Father Hennessy of- St.
James Church performed the ceremony. After a
trip to the south the happy couple will make
their home in Sonora. The groom is a prosper
ous business man, and both the young people
are prominent in social circles. • .
Miss Alma Wobber and Henry Sengstacken
were married Wednesday evening, June 18, at
the home of the bride, 602 Broderick street. The
bride is popular in social circles and the
groom is well known in business circles and
the- various societies to which he belongs.
Miss Alyce Jannette Benson, youngest daugh
ter of H. Benson, for thirty years connected
with the well-known firm of Spear & Sons, in
this city, became the bride ¦ of Joseph D. Reed
at the beautiful home of his parents, Mr. and
Mrs. W. D. Reed, in San Jose. June 15. The
parlors and dining-room were handsomely deco
rated. Where the bridal party stood was a
bower of white lilies and sweet peas. Foliage
was interspersed effectively with the flowers.
The bride, who looked charming in a gown of
white organdie over 6ilk, carrying a bouquet of
white sweet peas tied with streamers of white
satin ribbon, was attended by Miss Anna Mur
ray, maid of honor, and Earl Murray acted as
best man, both cousins of the groom. The
Rev. Dr. Kummer officiated. After the wedding
breakfast Mr. and Mrs. Reed departed on their
honeymoon, which wjll be passed In Southern
California. Their future home will be in San
Jose.
Miss Nora C. Sullivan and Benjamin J. Mc-
Feeley, both of San Francisco, were married
Tuesday, June 17, at St. Mary's Cathedral by
the Rev. J. B. Hannlgan.
The marriage of Mae Zarro, daughter of D.
Zarro, a wealthy land-owner of San Mateo
County, and George F. Buswell, a prominent
business man of this city, took place Monday,
June 16, at the bride's home. The honeymoon
wlll.be spent in the southern part of the State.
On their return Mr. and Mrs. Buswell -will re
side at the Hotel St. Nicholas.
THEY'RE ENGAGED.
Invitations are out for the wedding of Miss
Sophie Triest to N. J. Strasburg. which will
take place Sunday, June 29. at 2 p. m., at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. B. J. Triest, 1230
Post street.
The engagement is announced of Miss Flora
Gurski of 229 Hayes street and Solly Haskel.:
(All notices intended- for this column must
be vouched. for by the name and address of a
member of the family sending such communi
cation.) .
>£—^-~?HE month of June, with its
bowers of roses and paths of
/I 1 sweet peas, is claiming brides
V v I m °re eagerly than ever.
\^— *-y Wednesday of last week was
¦ J chosen by a larger number
• . than usual for the exchange
of marriage vows. The next, few days
will bring more weddings. More secrets
are being whispered into ' friendly ears,
and the result will be that many others
will wear the misty veil a little later on.
HOBERG'a RESORT. Lake County: From
San Francisco — Mr. and Mrs. T. Krng, Miss
Kunle Krug, Mrs. Methmann, Miss Minnie Huf-
Schmidt. Mr. and Mrs. Ahlers. Master Harry
Ahlera. J. W. Hurley, Martin Warn, R. B.
Hannah, J. Peterson. C. J. Traulsen, A. Van
der NlenburK, D. Condon, Mr. aad Mrs. Htnk,
Master Clausie Hlnk, Mr. and Mrs. Woepke.
Miss Lizzie Woepke, Mr. and Mrs. Llesner,
•Mrs. J. J. Pflster. J. J. Pflster Jr.. Miss Clara
Muller. John Dleken. John Heltmann. Mrs. I.
Paull. Mrs. S. McFadden. Mlsa M. C Athearn.
Mlsa M. H. Atkinson, M. Klein. J. A. Bruc»
Hay, I* U Schuler.
KLAMATH HOT ' SPRINGS— From Saa
Francisco — R. Connor and wife, Arthur C.
Raas, C. S. Peters, Mra. C. Starke, J." S.
Brownell. Dr. Grant Selfridge, F. E. Monte
verde. T. Bradley, S. Goldman. J. C. Eubanks,
Joseph S. Steiner. Julius Elsanbach. Miss S.
A. Folsom, Mrs. Cella B. Du Fault and chil
dren, Hattie Barkley, Nora Mann. From Oak
land — E. F. Hughes and wife, Mrs. M. Allen.
Hazel Allen, B. F. Vanbremmer and" wife. A.
H. Bfowne. From Berkeley — F. J. Sollnsky
Jr. From Sacramento — H. F. Stringfellow and
wife, R. R. Flint. . L. Gerber and wife. From
Redding — Ed Rlebe. Samuel Hemming, K. M.
Quadras. From Yreka — R. P. Martin, F. B.
Ackerman. From Gazelle — E. B. Edson. From
Crows Landing — B. T. McCullough. From
Klamathon — Hervey Llndley. I. Warnner. From
Klamath Fallsi — H. F. Pearson, Dr. F. D.
Reames. D. Wright. From Jacksonville — J. M.
Moore, A. E. Reames. From Roseburg 1 — R. B.
Dlxon. From Portland — P. B. Duren. From
Baker City — Ed E. Young. From Lakeviiie —
Mrs. Charles Umbach. From Klamath Agency
— S. Hemmingway. From Newark. N. ' J. —
S. A. Farrand and wife. From Stanford Uni
versity — Max Farrand. From Marquette,
Mich. — William McCarty. From St. Louis —
Georce Sajkin.
man." William P. Harold. Mr. and Mrs. Becker.
D. H. Wilson. Mrs. Nelson, Mrs. M. Nichols.
Mrs. H. J. Wicker. Mrs. A. M. Bryant. L.
Aaron. W. G. Lewis. J. C. Nolan. John Me-
Cormlck, M. Conlan, H. J. -McCn»««, R. K.
Spots-wood. From others places— Dr." ' E. O.
Otis, Dr. and Mrs. Arnold, Dr. H. Waren
White, Boston; Dr. R. A. Clemons, Dr. Wil
liam E. Parks, Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs.
Jerome Cheny, Dr. John Heffron. Syracuse, N.
Y. : Dr. George F. Reinhardt. Berkeley: Mr.
and Mrs. A. M. Benham. Phoenix, Ariz. ; T. A.
Wtbb. J. O. Kreihm. Herbert L. Cornish, H.
S. Huereood. S. H. Soull, L09 Angeles; John
Darling, F. B. Pettis. St. Louis. Mo. : Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Stevenson. "Washington: Georje C.
Sherman, Santa Barbara; John Whicher, A.
E. Campbell, H. M. Payne, San Luis- Obispo;
Mrs. Hugh McDonald. Whittler; Dr. W. H.
Swan, Colorado Springs; Dr. w. R. Phl'.Hps,
Washington, D. C.
HOTEL EL PASO DE ROBLES. PASO
ROBLES : From . San . Francisco— Dr. H.
Kreutzman, Mr. and Mrs. M. A. Newell. Col
onel George H. Smith, Miss S. Patton. Daniel
Ruff, L. Lachman, N. Schiller, Mlsa Lizzie
Dougan. B. Ross, H. G. Edmonds, J. Stenhart,
Dave Becker, S. R. Richards. Ed Lynch,
George C. Mackie, David J. Balrd. D. V.
McLean, Mrs. L." Harris, Mrs. J. Frank. J. H.
Romy. Mies Saalburg, M. Sllverberg, H. O.
Edmonds, B. C. Rucker, Jules Coblentz, J.
Werner, W. S. Bacon, Miss M. O'Connor. Fred
Belasco. P. H. Livingston, M. A- Mendelson,
Peter Whalen, W. W. Cleveland. W. S. Barry,
Mr. and Mrs. John Searle. Miss Searle, John
M. Fleming, Mrs. Joseph Henscher, Miss
Emma Henscher, Miss Lilly Hesser, Sello J.
Blumenthal, Thomas Love, John W. Wheeler,
W. H. Francis. E. I* McRoskey, W. F. Chip-
GILROY HOT SPRINGS:. From San Fran
cisco — James Hansen, D. Melnke, H. Felix,
Miss Rose Huntsman, Miss F. Cambell. T.
Clifford, Mrs. Sophia Henkel, E. E. Cooke,
Mrs. P. Mellnder, Peter Jukan. F. Ludemann,
Mrs. E. Wreden. L. N. Blenheim, S. F. Porter.
Mr. and Mrs. H. F. Michaells; James Shea
Jr., Captain M. Greany, Mr.- and Mrs. James
Phea, C. H. Murphy, Miss Shea,'- P. D. Mc-
Parland. Master M. Birkholm. Mrs. Coan-
Nicol; J. H. Wiles and son. Miss M. Worden.
Mrs. D. Craig, Ed S. Grimmes, J. Bertrand,
H. M. Hess, P. D. Howells, Miss N. T. Mur
ray, G. D. O'Reilly, Miss L. Fontane, Peter
Lawrence, Mlsa S. J. Wright, B. J. Deming,
P. Petersen and Mrs. S. Browne; Louis C.
Cottrel, Henry W. Tracey, Albrlo, N. M.;
Mr. and Mrs. George P. Fisher, Nlles; J. •. B.
Scott. N. Johnson, Salinas; W. F. Shaw, A. D.
Jackson. Hollister; Jose Rose, F: Secceda,
George Rodriquez, Mission San Jose; Miss R.
Vassie, Mrs. D. Costa, P. V. Marsten, H. H.
Regan, Oakland ; - Mr. and Mrs. H. de Long.
Brooklyn. N. Y.; H. F. Coulton. Cotfax,
Wash. : Mrs. F. C. Hannln and family, Mrs.
R. D. Getzer, C S. George, C. T. Roman. Sac
ramento: S. A. King. Mrs. V. C. Bettel, BerEe
ley; B. W. Gresh, Laramie; H. W. Lester and
son, Los Angeles.
Muller, G. W. Wallach, : Walter H Draper and
wife. Miss Lila Draper, Miss" Aggie Donnely.
William Morgan, John D. Spreckels. Fred
Gehret, Mrs. May Kelley, Henry Jost, H.
Gulllxon and wife, Mrs. Bella Britton and
daughter, J. Oliver, Frank Wats, E. McCar
thy and wife. From Watsonville — Thomas
Mitchell, Mrs. S. Donnely, B. Mollerskow," P.
Hassett, E. A. Knowlea, O. H. Willoughby;
C. B. Younger, Santa Cruz; Eugene A. Straus
ttnd wife and Theresa Straus, San Jose; Mr.
and Mrs. McAvoy. Berkeley; Mrs. C. McCart
ney, Ena McCartney, Miss Linda Gell, Salinas:
William Faber. Albany; Aaron Evans, Kings
City; W. C. Waters and wife. Miss Oliva
Waters, Miss Munson, Spreckels: Andrew
Hinding, Redwood City; W. H. Abbott and
wife, Alameda; Mrs. C. H. Shattuck. - Mra. S.
A. Dyer, Miss Susie L. Dyer, Alameda; J. W.
Cassey, Fresno.
Vallejo— Mlsa N.' Cole,' Frank Jones, F.' Ever
ett. . . ¦ .
RIVERSIDE HOTEL. AND COTTAGES.
Santa Cruz^ — From Chicago, 111. — Emma P.
Smale, N. S. Hitchcock, Mrs. N. S. Hitchcock:
from Watsonvllle — Mrs. G. S. Easterday.. Miss
Beatrice Easterday; from Sacramento— Miss
Mabel E. Lovdal; from Denver — Miss Viole'tta
Barrett, P. Beaumont; from Fabius, N. Y.' —
C. H. Wheaton; from Oakland— Mrs. R. C.
Smith and daughter; from Santa Cruz — Mrs: R.
J. Todd, Mrs. Hattie Fisher: from Sacramento
— Mamie L. Whyte; from Palo Alto — A. J.
Mount; from Boulder, Colo. — Dottie H. Wood.
Mary Wood; from Alameda-r-George O. Bord
well; from Monterey-^-W. F.' Smith and wife;
from New York — Mrs. N. Yuzuk, Miss Yuzuk;
from San Jf'rancisco^ — Mrs. S. M. Cohn and fam
ily, Abraham Livingston Gump, Solomon Gump,
K. M. Horn,: Mrs. A. Stein, Herbert Stein, Ma
bry McMahon, Manville Cohn, Allan Cohn, Mrs.
D. Waterman, Mrs. A. E. Evart, Miss J. Evart;
from Denver — Frank O'Nell. Mrs. Frank O'Nell.
AGUA CALIENTE SPRINGS. Sonoma Val
ley: From San Francisco — E. A. Wettlg. V.
H. Robinson, Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Wilton, Miss
Wilton, Mrs. A. G. Mayers. Mr. and Mrs. Fish
er and family, G. W. Day, . J. A. Scriner, Mr.
and Mrs. Dr. Branley Plymlre, Fred Webster,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Gassner, Miss Masle Gasaner,
Miss Estell Gassner. Mr. and Mrs. S. S. Karr,
Miss I. Karr,. M. S. Bernstein. Joseph P. Kel
lther, Mr. and Mrs. B. Roman and family, Mr.
and Mrs. W. Barron, Mr. and Mrs. A. Ottinger
and family, Miss Ethel Nichollas, Kendisr
Baeur, Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Mozart, Mrs. M.
Abraham. Mrs. F. Ellis, Mrs. N. Diamond,
Miss D. Meek. Mrs. Meek, Mrs. S. J. Ross, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Lynch,' Mr. and Mrs. F. Marcuse,
Mr. and Mrs. H. Nathan, family and maid.
Mrs. Euphert, Mrs. S. Beckett and child. E.
McCoy, Mrs. R. H. Anderson, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Daughnney, H. Daughney, Jack Daughney,
Miss M. Glarre, A. Rudolph, R. L. Lennie, J.
J. Flanagan, P. J. Flanagan, . Miss Jennie
Duffy, Miss Margie Bernard: from Vallejo —
Mrs. H. D. Richardson.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS— From San Fran
cisco — Mr. and Mrs. C. L. Lathrop, Mrs.
Junker and family, Mls3 T. Mlschler, Mrs. E.
R. Ellis, Arthur. Ellis, Margaret Ellis, Eleanor
Ellis, Miss Leila Chalres, W. F. Sharp, C. A.
Fisher. Lester G. Burnett. Mrs. Annie Younjr,
Harry Young, Mrs. Harry Young and child,
L. Eugene Lee and wife, Jesse A. Andrews
and wife. Mrs. W. L. Locke and daughter, E.
McDevltt, F. J. Sullivan. Ben Adler, M. W.
Lichtensteln and , wife, S. ' E. . Taylor, James
R. McElroy and wife, Miss E. W. Cockrill,
Mrs. E. Franks, David A. . Aronson,; Miss R.
Hurley. Miss Lottie Clark, D. S. Murry, Mrs.
W. Gust. Mrs. F. Reib, John Wells. Mrs.
Wilcox. Mies Hlgglns. G. J. O'Dea, Mr. and
Mrs. Mark Green, Miss Hilda Green, Hazel
and Thelma Green, Arthur and Julian Green,
Mary McElllgatt, C- H. Robinson, . R. H.
Childs, Mrs. Charles Wollpert, Miss Grace
Wollpert, J. B. Tucker. F. M. Marron Jr.,
M. A. Critten, Mr. and Mrs. F. W.. Randolph,
Seymore Garbrel, Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Schmidt.
Charles F. Hoey, Walter Rodgers, Miss M.
Hoey.-Miss E. Hoey, Mrs. John Hoey, Mr. and
Mrs. Robert Cuitter, W. L. Whitton, Frederick
W. Baker, wife and daughter; W. F. Harris,
Mrs. F. L. Richmond, Henry Shaw, Dr. E. W.
Short. From Oakland — Dr. H. E. Muller and
wife. Dr. R. E. Bauske. N. H. Braun, G. H.
Dunn, D. F. Murphy, M. J. Laymance. From
Santa Rosa — William Schenck, D. C." Richards.
From Spokane — Yale Gleason. From Los An
geles — Sam.B. Dewey. From Abilene, Kan. —
Hlland Southworth. Elsie Southworth. From
Cincinnati. Ohio— N. E. Keeler. From Lake
ville — A. H. Spurr. From San Rafael — Mas
ters J. and M. Wheatly, Mrs. W. G. Wheatly,
Mrs. Charles Chriatensen, Marian Christensen.
From Sacramento — J. B. Wright. From Uklah
— A. F. Calhoun. From Crockett — George
Pry tz, Jake Kleinhaus.. From Alameda — Mrs.
T. H. Speddy. Miss Speddy.
HOTEL BON-AIR, Ross Valley — From San
Francisco — J. W. Tread^-ell and wife, J. W.
Ruggles and wife. Howard E. Ruggles,' S.
Marcus and wife. Miss H. C. Carter, H. Nathan
and wife, A. Alper and wife. Dr. £>. • M. Coney,
wife and child; Emile Bauer, -wife and son:
Mrs. S. B. Packard; W. E. Joselyn, wife and
son; G. E. Cherassus, Mrs. Cherassus; A. M.
Armer. wife and child; Miss J. Armer, Mrs.
F. H. Widbur, J. B. Garland, E. L." Fisher.
M. E. ToTiln and wife, H. S. Shelton, Mrs. J.
B. Blumenthal, Miss Lowenstein, J. W. Mors*
head and wife: S. H. Lacy, wife and sonf
Mrs. J. T. Scott. W. "W. Haskell and wife.
H. A. Bauer, Miss Jeannle Levy, Miss Martha
Levy, Mrs. Levy, Miss Levy, J. W. Wright and
wife, "W. J. Wright. A. H. Wright. W. E.
Wright, Miss H. C. Wright, Max Franklin and
wife. Miss Irma Franklin;. Charles Loosch,
wife and child; Charles J. Simons and wife.
Miss H. M. Simons, Charles S. Marshall and
wife; John B. Carson, wife and child; Miss
E. Carson, Miss B. Hoge, Miss O. Hog*,
William . Newman, Mrs. L. Dodge;. Frank J.
Symmes,' wife and son; D. K. Penner, Stewart
Morsehead; C. N. Weaver, wife and daughter;
E. M. Maniv and wife. Edward Xavler Rol
ker, Mrs. M. Regan. Mrs. C. Alborell. Miss
Vera Alborell, W. S. Gannon and wife. Dr.
Derby, E. W. Haskell, Alphonse Judls and
wife, Frank Judis, | R. Mohr. and wife. Miss
Edna ' Mohr. Rudolph Mohr, Howard Mohr,
Maurice Brandt, Mra Brandt, ¦ Miss ' Helen
Brandt, Mrs. M. Rothschild and family. Miss
Flossie Silversteln, J. W. Davis and wife. Miss
M. Davis. S. E. Davis, S. H. Gray, Miss L.
Cherin, Mrs. Charles L. Patton, Miss Vera M.
E. Patton, Sol Bare and ' wife. Misses Hinda
and Ruth Bare, Mrs, P. , Bornstein. Mrs. A.
Alkish. M. H. Soley. R. H. Soley. From
Alameda — H. E. Osborn and wife, Miss Jessie
Osborn, H. Brooks and wife. > From • Haywards
—Miss Wynonah Clark. From Hartford, Conn.
— J. W. Hampden.
PARAISO SPRINGS : From San Francisco—
George. W. Elder and son. Adam Gllllland Mr.
find Mrs. Claus Spreckels, A. B. Spreckels, J.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
AT THE RESORTS.
Following are the lists of recent arrivals at
the summer resorts: •
HOTEL MATEO, San Mateo: Bakersfleld—
Mr. and Mrs. L. Mack. Colusa — T. F. Burke.
Charlotte, N. C— Mr. and Mrs. Llddell. - New
York — Mrs. J. L. Thomas. London — Baron
Eloomsby. Belmont — E. B. Towne. Petaluma
— H.\P. Vorgensen. Chicago — J. "W. Day,
Charles J. Ross. Redwood City — Robert H.
Hyman. San Francisco— Mrs.. Charles Schles
inger, Sydney Schlesinger, Mrs. Sam Blbo. Miss
Blanche Newman, Sydney Joseph, G. A.
Boyer, Mrs ; Dore, Mrs. W. M. Underbill and
maid, Marie Kane, Lylyan Kane,' Harry G.
Butler, Edna M. Brown, Dr. Derby, Albert
Joseph, Mrs. B. Course, Joe H. Nathan, Henry
Rltzue, F. ,C. Hartford, Horten F. Shipps, H.
Ackerman, George F.' Freddey, W. Lewis and
wife, William R. de Gruchy, Charles H.
Crocker, Mrs. W. de Forrest, Mr. and Mrs.
C. C. Moore and thre* children, John Roth
child, H. Page and wife, Ellen B. Page, Frank
H. Powers and wife, L. A. Schwabacher, Miss
M. E. Farmer. ....
HOTEL LA HONDA— W. H. Stinson, George
S. Folsom, W. K. Brackett, P. N. Sweet. Miss
Annie Quinn, Miss May Devine, Miss J. E.
Greer. J. F. Powers. J. H. Powers. Frank
Powers, Mrs. BonnettI, Frank Bonnettl, E. A.
Bernhard, Roy C. Slocum. Dr E. J. Creely,
wife and two children, W. R. Jones Mrs. John
J. McCarthy and two children, Mrs.. J.'J. Cas
sidy,. Miss Annie O'Brien/ Miss "Alice Barbat,
Miss Clare Barbat. Miss Aileen Barbat, Mrs.
J. O'Brien and son. Miss Minnie feebler, J. B.
Inguglla and wife, J. H. Kessing and I wife,
William H. Uwson and -wife. H. A. Kessing,
William Scott. Harry W.* Taylor T. M. Sllvey
and wife, Russell Adams, Mtss" Lillian M.
Simpson, A.' S. Perley, wife and daughter.
Jules E. Kennedy and wife, J. T. McGhee, E.
Thom. San Francisco; Dr. and Mrs. M. L.
Johnson. Oakland; G. A. Clark, Paul Clark,
Philip Clark, Stanford University; Asa Hull,
San Carlos; Mrs. S. B. Hall St. Louis Mo ;
Garrison Turner, wife and duaghter, Modesto;
George Renner and wife, Alameda; B. N.
Hayes and wife, Mrs.*L. Cook, Belmont; Miss
S. Brook, Newark; Dr. and Mrs. G. D. Marvin
Agnews; Robert Shields, Palo Alto; O. Seale',
Mayfleld ; Mrs. E. J: Crane. Miss Edna Crane.
Howard Crane, Menlo Park; Howard W Bray
Letcher Albright, Frultvale.
SEIGLER SPRINGS, LAKE COUNTY— From
San Francisco — M. Selgel and wife. L. Seigel
and valet, Mrs. Kuchelman, P. J. Foley J J
Matthews, Miss G. Prag, Jlmmle Britt L Liv
ingston, Miss H. B. Fairweather, J. ' C. Hall
and wife. Miss Ethel Holmes; Mrs. E Holmes
J. W. Cowell, Captain J. Leahy, H. H. Mulli
gan, Thomas Boyle, Mrs. T. Boyle, Master
Boyle, Mayor Schmitz, Mrs. Schmitz, Ixjuis
Roncovieri, Miss N. Dulan, Henry Meyer and
wife. ' Master Meyer. .James McAvoy, William
McGregor. " James A. Fay and family. Miss
Mary Fay, Mrs. G. Koen and child, B F
Ames. J. F. McCarthy. A. O. Cordeir. Mrs J*
Roberts and daughter. T. Webster, Frank Lo
rey, Mrs. James Shea, Peter McGowan Sr
Miss K. Farrell, Mr. and Mrs. C. Proyer, Mrs
Rudolph, Charles Mitchell and family. P. Do
herty, John Bowen Jr., F. Lord and valet T
Larkin, S. Campbell, W. Dlnan and wife, Wil
lie Yorke Dtnan, J. Culllnane and wife H A
Hornlein; from Oakland— Mrs. H. Matthews!
Miss Jean Sherry. Louis Radovich, S. J. Prln
gle. Jack Scanlan, Pete Sweeney. George Evans
Frank Burke: from Berkeley — Welton Philllpp3 
wife and daughter, William Geimann, George
Smith, J. Sampson and wife, Mrs. Colonel
Evans and maid; from Marysville — Hon. Judge
Garber, Henry Little; from Sacramento— C.
Studans, C. Rust, W. J. Donohue; from San
Rafael— Charles Dufflcy. Miss M. Dufflcy; from
man. Miss Cassels, Mrs. Volkman and Mrs.
Hochsteln, Messrs de Leveaga and Volkman.
T. IB. H. Hennesy, who has been enjoying
tent life at Coronado Beach, has left for Chi
cago. If h9 had been fortunate enough to have
caught a fish during; his short stay it is doubt
ful if any business deal was big enough to
temjit him to co.
Miss Mollie Brown,' Miss Emma McFadden
and Mrs.. II. HumDhrey sailed on the City of
Puebla June 10 for Alaska. '
Among- the passengers who left Tuesday last
on the steamer George W, Elder for Portland,
Or., was Arnold Cohen of this city. He will
return on June 29. . . .
Mrs. Joseph Herr«cher and daughter, "Miss
Emma Herrscher, and Miss Lilly Hesaer left
Monday morning for Hotel El Paso Robles.
M. M. Stern has removed his family from
this city to Palo Alto for Vhe summer, occupy
ing the home, of Professor Fairclough, situated
on the campus. :
Mrs. L. H. Friedman, 1504 Ellis street, will
be at home the first and fourth Thursdays.
H. Shemanski and daughter, Miss Annie, are
now at Byron Springs. • . • . ¦ « •
Mrs. James M. Thomas and her daughter.
Miss Mabel Thomas are guests at the - Del
Monte Hotel. Camp Meeker. . .'-¦¦'
Mrs. Henry Asher returned from ' her visit
at Sioux City and is now at the Wentworth
Hotel. 657 Bush street.
Mrs. S. . C, Bernstein, accompanied by her
daughter, and Blanche and Hattie Levin,
nieces, have left for Lake County to spend the
summer. ¦."•¦¦ '
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Kragen announce the
Bar Mltzvah of their second son. Philip, at
the Geary Street Temple on Saturday, the 28th
inst. At home from 2 to 5 o'clock, 1495 Geary
street. •
Miss Jeanette Saunders of San Rafael, accom
panied by Miss E. B. Brooks of San Fran
cisco, have left for a month's sojourn at Lake
Tahoe." .
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Morris (nee Smith). will
hold their reception Sunday, June 22. from 2
to 5 p. m., at their residence, 510 Hermann
street, near Fillmore.
¦ Mrs. A. S. Latfcrop. who went to Loa An
geles as a delegate from Waltham, Mass.", to
the convention of women's clubs, returns this
week to her home after a pleasant visit with
Mrs. E. W. Moxlejr. She Is accompanied by
her daughter, Miss Floy.
Miss Floy Lathrop, 111 Fell street, leaves the
city this. week for her home in the East.
Clair Gordon and John Parker have left for
Los Angeles and Santa Catalina Island. They
will be gone five weeks. :
Mrs. William Farrell of • Ban Francisco and
Mrs. Frank Merrill are stopping at Hotel Belle
vue, Sonoma County. . ¦'¦
Mrs. M. Boukofsky of 1362 Geary street has
discontinued her day at home for the summer.
Mrs. C. Rotholtz and her daughter, Grace,
are at Grass Valley, the guests of Mrs. L.
Lubeck, sister of the first named. They will
remain six weeks.
Mrs. John Charles Adams was hostess at' a
luncheon Tuesday, June 17, at her home, Ad
ams Place, in Oakland.
Mr. and Mrs. Czerwinsky gave a farewell
dinner recently to Joseph and Saul Magner,
who have left for an extended trip of the East
and Europe. ...
SOCIETY'S OUTING
Continued on Page Thlrty-Thre«»
32
Ys off Sale of Jackets % os j
$7.50 Jackets, Etons and Blouses now $5.00 I
B f lack ffeta ' Venetlan « Kersey and Broadcloth-, In Tan, Castor, Grey and fj
$10.00 Jackets, Etons and Blouses now 56.50 I
Peaude Sole Etons lined throughout with White Satin. Silk Lined Ker- |J
Ch vlt ' Castor and BIack - Etans and Blouses in Black rt
$18.50 Venetian Cloth Tailor Suits now $!3.50 \\
made of air-wool Venetian cloth in Tan. Blue, Oxblood, Grey and Black. H
Eton Is silk lined with velvet collar. Skirt double flounce! g
; Striped Silk Grenadine Dress Skirts $20.00 8
wUh^nk^chin^ dr ° P SkIrt Graduated fl0UQ ce of Brussels Net trimmed |
Good All Wool Skirts Trimmed at $2.50 and $4.00 |
f|20 Per Cent
I Discount
Balance of
the Month.
After That
CiUUi $175 T\» 1
Our Specialty L^til IMSCftlillL
July 1st. fi/13WUUlll.i
But we count ourselves fortunate that
we're not compelled to mark up our regu-
lar prices a good stiff per cent. We would
be compelled to do so if we had not antici-
pated the recent advance In duty rates on
London dyed skin*, and Imported an un-
usually large stock before the new tariff
went Into effect. Most stores would wel-
come thl* excuse for Increasing- their profits.
But profits ar« not the whole thing: In
business. Your good will; making new
friends: changing a dull month into a busy
one — each Is more than extra profits to us.
THE FURRIER
219 Grant Avenue
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THAT HAIR
ON YOUR
ARMS OR NECK CAN BE REMOVED
permanently only by the electric needle,
v/hen you have tried in vain powders or
lotions, making. the growth thicker than
ever,- you will come to me and say, "YOU
TOLD THE TRUTH." Performed by me
hair is removed perfectly, painlessly and
permanently: NO OTHER ONE CAN.
THAT;
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
Latest "Portrait! ' .''"
Does not become you,- but makes you look
older than you should. It can be easily
restored to original color at my parlors, or
you can buy my
FOUR DAY
v HAIR RESTORER
($1.00 PER BOTTLE.)
Easy to Use. Not Sticky or Greasy.
PERFECT COMPLEXIONS
Can be kept so only by the use of a good
Skin Food to keep the skin healthy, clear
and smooth. _My ;..-:. - "
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
la best. No guessing match about this.
Worth more for ladies than all the prizes
ever offered, for it creates lovely complex-
ions, and prevents. blemishes; 75c a Jar.
Only way you can keep from getting tan,
freckles or sunburn is by using this
Creme. Good for insect bites.
TDI A I 1>AV Ladies out * of. ' town
lillAL DllA sending this ad. with
¦¦ , ¦ • 1M/y V ioc m stamps will re-
ceive a book of instructions and a box of
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
and a box of Face Powder, FREE.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON CO,,
-Dermatologist,
78-80 Geary Street, San Francisco. Cal.
Kearny and Sutter Sts.
Popular Wash Fabrics
Exquisitely Summery and Dainty
We offer to-morrow this season's best values in fine, sheer and serviceable Wash Goods-
Cool and beautiful materials are here in great. abundance, in light, medium and dark colorings — all
entirely new and most desirable for summer suits, waists and children's dresses — Simply impossible
to name all the values — so we select these as fair samples of how we now sell :
Toile du Nord GINGHAMS in the choicest Corded SCOTCH ZEPHYRS in dainty colored
of stripes and checks — fine colorings — ]f\^ anc * white woven stripes — one of this r\^
40 varieties to choose from, at per yard .....lv-'C season's best wash fabrics— cool as linen
Fine IRISH LAWNS and DIMITIES — pretty German linen ZEPHYRS in exquisite designs;
dots, scroll, floral and stripe effects in it absolutely fast colors and unshrinkable — ot
light tints, white grounds asnd all overs, at 13C make fine Gibson waists and suits ODC
Neckwear Sale 27 inch India Silks
Ladies' beautiful up-to-date washable neck- High Grade; rich and attractive Habutai
wear on . sale to-morrow at }i regular prices ; Silks in decidedly the largest range of colors ever
new, seasonable goods that are now so much shown — Twenty to fourty shades of each color —
worn with summer shirt waists : suitable for draperies, fancy work, underwear,
$1.50 Washable Croats, silk embroidered, at..75c children's dresses and ladies' evening gowns.
gi.25 Fancy embroidered Stocks with bow ...75c One of the best values ever offered in the ETA^.
25c Embroidered Lawn Turn over Collars ..10c silk department, at per yard...... OUC
Tapestry Squares and Scarfs Reduced
Handsome imported Art Squares and Scarfs, elaborately worked with the German cross stitch
on cream and white canvas in the most beautiful of floral and conventional designs — all reduced
away below regular prices : . ,.
DECORATIVE SQUARES— suitable for table DECORATIVE SCARFS— for side board and
and stand aovers, center pieces, etc. — reduced to bureau, also used for table runners — reduced to
$1.25» $1.75, $2.45, $3.00 $2.45, $2.75, v $3.25, $3.75
Specials in Wash Petticoats
Ladies' Wash' Petticoats made of plain crash; Ladies' Crash Petticoats — extra wfde, with
extra wide; 9 inch accordion flounce — H^ r pleated flounce edged with two-inch q>i r\r\
fine value at, each................. /DC ruffle — elegant value at, each Cpl.UU
Carpet Art Squares Boys' Sweaters
Handsome Carpet Squares that can be used A special lot — Boys' Fancy Wool Sweaters —
upon the floor in any part of the house, especially all sizes, in colors — Navy Blue, Cardinal and
in the dining room as a crumb cloth, they are Royal Blue with edges of cuffs, collar and sweater
9x12 feet in size and .come, in such desirable prettily finished with mercerized colored stripes—
colorings as Brown, Tan, Blue and d^i CA Nothing like this in quality or style (ti AA
Green — A great value at 4^'^vy ever offered at this price 4*1«UU
Right Bathing Suits
The growing popularity of our Bathing Suit department is more than pleasing to us — we
are making every effort to meet your approval — doing it too — judging by our sale's. These
exceptional values for to-morrow : . li. ; l-^'- w*
Ladies' Pretty Flannel Bathing Suits........ $2.50 Men's Cotton Bathing Suits . . ......$1.25
Girls' Flannelette Bathing Suits.. $1.50 Boys' Cotton Bathing Suits.. ....$1.00
NEWMAN & LEVINSON.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and MRS. A. W. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building-, 1170 Market street, cor. Taylor, rooms
28-29, with th« electric needle without pain or
scar; permanency guaranteed; hours 1 to 4 p.m.
Poison Oak
Positively cured In one day by frequent appii.
cations of Brahman Cream. Sold by J. S. Potts
Drug Co., 1016 Market St., and other druggists;
also at office ot Dr. Traverse, 1170 Market at.
And gentle anointings with CUTlCURA, purest of emollients and
greatest of skin cures, followed in severe cases by mild doses of
CUTICURA RESOLVENT PILLS. This is the purest, sweetest,
most speedy, permanent, and economical treatment for torturing,
disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, crusted, and pimply
skin and scalp humours, rashes, irritations, and chafings, with
loss of hair, of infants and children, and is sure to succeed when
all other remedies fail
Millions of Mothers Use Gutlcura Soap
Assisted by Curicuiu OnmiEST, the great etin cure, for preserving, pnrifying, and beautify,
lsg the skin ot infants and children, for rashes, itcbings, and chafings, Tor cleansing the scalp of
crust*, scales, end dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for softening, whitening, and
•oothing red. rough, and eorc bands, aad fo>- all the purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
Uillione of Women mse Cuticcba 8oap in the form of baths for annoying irritations, inflamma-
tiotH, asd excori&Uosa, for too free or offensive perspiration, in the form of washes for nlcerative
weaknesses, and for many sauatire, antiseptic purposes which readily snggest themselves to
women, especially mothers. Ccticuba Soap combines in Orrs Boa* at One Pkicb, the BEST
cMn ead complexion soap asd the best toilet and baby soap in the world.
Complete External and Internal Treatment for Every Humour,
jp^ . 0 Consisting of Ccticcba Soap (25c.\ to cleanse the skin of crusts and
B Urtl!T3T?9<Tl scales, nnd foften the thickened cuticle; Cuticcba Ointment (50c),
UBljt rf»Slfl da *° i 1181 * 11^.^ »l la y itching. Inflammation, and irritation, and soothe and
WaW IUk& «Ji heal ; and Ccticcra Rsbo: tent Pilxb (25c), to cool and cleanse the
blood. A Single Ekt is often sufficient to cere the most torturing,
THE SET Sla diefigcrir.g, aod humiliating tkin, scalp, and blood humours, with loss
of hair, whet all cine fails. Sold throughout the world.' British Depot:
27-18, Charterhouse 8q., London. French Depot: 6 Rue de la Paix, Paris. PoTTKB Drug and
Cram.OoKP. t Sole Prop*., Boston, U. 8. A.
Ctticcba Rbboltisit Pnxa (Chocolate Coated) are a new, tasteless, odonrless, economical
substitute for the celebrated liguid Ccticcba Resolvent, as well as for all other blood purifiers
end humour cures. Each pill is equivalent to one teaspoonful of liquid Resolvent. Put an In
ecrew-eap pocket vials, containing the same comber of doses as a 50c bottle of liquid Re-
OK.TZST, price, 25cQuestj at U/ateri9<2 piaees
Continued From Page Thirty-Two.
H. J. Small Is Promoted.
, H. J. Small, who_ recently moved his of
fices from Sacramento, to this city,, has
been appointed general superintendent of
motive power of the Southern Pacific,
with headquarters In San Francisco. The
order of promotion is to take effect on
the 1st of next month. -V .
son's tournament. His fight lasted one hour
and fifty-seven minutes, the flsh weighing 150
pounds. Tuna fishing Is now on, and there
will be great sport with this great, game fish
for the next six weeks.
The Sale of Piano-Playing: Devices.
. The Bale of plano-playlng devices
marred In transit on their way to Kohler
& Chase was postponed last week because,
the repair shop of this concern could not
get them all ready for the sale.'
There are about 15 piano-playing devices
In the lot, Including several genuine Pi
anolas, some 1901 models and some new
Instruments, which have been slightly
marred; also one $275 organ attachment
used',one : week, which will .be sold for
$185. . Quite a number of self Aeolian or
gans will be included, prices ranging from
$55 up. v
The sale -starts to-morrow morning.
Those coming early-will have the best
chance of making a; good selection. All
woods' are represented, including mahog
any, walnut, rosawood, oak and ebony.
Every purchaser, of a Pianola will be
given the advantage of our circulating
library of Pianola-music.,. It is the only
complete library of piano-player music in
the West. This is the first opportunity that
"the San Francisco public have had to get
piano-playing instruments at-greatly, re
duced prices, : consequently a brisk de
mand is expected. . . .
Mail orders .will receive prompt atten
tion. Kohler & Chase,- 28-30 O'Farrell
street, San Francisco, Cal.
LAUREL DELL HOTEL: San Francleco—
G. T. Clarke and wife, Douglass Clark, Mrs.
Charles Leavy, Miss Edjthe Leavy. Miss Nan
cette Leavy. F. W. Randolph and wife, James
Echir.lt and wife, Mrs. Charles Wollpert. Miss
G Wollpert, Miss Phelps, Miss Hanley. Joseph
Tucker F. W. Baker and wife. Robert Coulter
and wife, Mrs. J. L. Lewison, Miss E. Lewi
ton Miss A. Lewison. Miltcn Lewison. Miss
'da G. Chaquette, Mrs. E. M. Chaquette.J. O.
Burrage, Mrs. H. L. White, Miss L. C. White,
Kiss L. Mahn. William Mahn, Mrs. R. H.
Wood. Miss G. Mahn, Mrs. H- Fisher, Mr. and
Mrs. J. G. Zander, E. Deutch and wife. Miss
Baker. Mrs. John Hoey, Miss M. Hoey, Miss
E Hoey. Charles Hoey, M. A. Cuttin, S. S.
Green, Sclby Oppenhelmer and wife, James
Winter and wife, James McElroy and wife,
H. R. George, Mr. and Mrs. P. H. Farrel.
fceymour Gabriel, C. G. Bolsdorff, A. M. Barn
hxun arid wife. L. Barnham, E. A. Payson,
James Mackey. Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. An
drew Nickles, Miss A!da M. Burns, Edward
Olney and wife. Alameda — S. E. Babson, C.
£. Tilden and wife, Alexlne Mitchell, Miss
Maron Mitchell, Miss Rose Schmidt. Chnrles
Tildtn. Racine, Wis. — C. R. Johnson and-wife,
Miss Johnson. Duncans — F. M. Howell.
LAKESIDE PARK: San Francisco— Miss
Jennie Bell. Mrs. A H. Turner. Harold and
Ruth Turner. Mrs. Charles H. Mann, Mrs M.
B Clapp Laurens and Gertrude Davis, Miss
Nellie O'Loughlen. Miss Margaret B. Curry,
W D Chick F. S. Norman. Miss M. A. Hobe,
Miss Elsie M Kelly. John A. Kelly, P. F.
Kohnke. Fred Kohnke. Chicago. III.— Mrs.
Julia B. Shattuck.
JOHAXNISBERG. OakvIUe, Napa County:.
From San Francisco — Albert R. M. Kuenzi.
Charles M. Krleger, Mrs. E. Bonnheim. Miss
Edith Bonnheim, Miss Elsie Bonnheim, Walter
Bonnheim, A. G. Creyer. Master Charles Creyer.
Rev Dr. William Rader. Mra. William Rader.
Philip Dvright Rader, Miss Kathryn Rader,
Mrs. George Castle, Miss Margaret Castle, Miss
Dorothy Castle, Frank P. Kelly, W. J. O'Con
nor Theo Blanckenburg, Mrs. Theo Blancken
burg. Master Gustav B. Blanckenburg, Miss
Herta S. Blanckenburg, James Moore and wife,
Mrs T. L. Seaton, Miss Clara Seaton, Mrs.
L R Tuttle, Miss Gladys Tuttle, Mrs. George
L Birkmaier. Miss Isabel Birkmaler. Miss
Ethel Birkmaier, J. G. Martin, wife and chil
dren; Mrs. Frank T. Shea and eon, Mrs. Laura
Bride Powers and daughter. S. A. Gunst, Mrs.
E. A. Gunst. Master Leslie Gunst, Miss Jean
ette Gunst. Gerald Gunst, Miss Helene Luytles,
Miss Linda Priber, Miss Anna Priber, Mrs. Coll
Deane, Miss Ennina Deane, Jack Deane, Miss
Eir.ma &e Boom. Napa — David Schwartz,
Crockett— J. F. Mackenzie and wife. Captain
Buch. Alameda — Rev. and Mrs. J. E. Baker,
Miss Alice Baker..; V "¦ .
THE GEYSERS HOTEL: From San
Francisco — Marwin Curtis. Gertrude Sig
xna Curtis, Mrs. Marwln Curtis, Dr. William
C. RIley and wife, Charles Hunter. James H.
Harney. Pierre Casenave. Steve Ambrose, Au
eu£te Galleron. Otto Eklnkel Jr. and wife, Mrs.
<5 TV". Hall. M- Thayer Hall. Duncan Davis,
George H. Cutter, Sam S. Green, Mrs. James
Pjegan, Miss Regan, W. Hibbard and wife.
Miss Hibbard. Josenh P. Stevens, Mrs. L.
llarchand. Miss Agnes McLaughlin, Mtes Adele
Ktevens, Miss Josephine Stevens, J. Coughlan,
Louise Gibbons, A. Ressilon, Mrs. W. B. Mor
rie, Howard Morris, Jean Nogues, Elie Son
lages, J. Oliver and wife, Mary Oliver, Denis
Oliver, Marjory Oliver, Joseph Oliver, James
R. McElroy and wife, J. H. Levy, H. E. Page,
M. Kaiisky and wife. San Mateo — Dr. An
drew Oliver. Santa Rosa — Miss S. Jacobs,
Miss G. HockinA A. B. Lemmon - Jr. New
York City — 35ias Emma Thursby. Miss Ina L.
Tlmrsby. San Rafael — Harold Hearfield. Peta
luma — Samuel C. Patterson. Cloverdale — C A.
Thompson and wife, Helena Thomeson, M.
Ralph Thomoson, Alice Caldwell, Ethel Cald
¦well, A. B. Snider. San JoEe — Mrs. H. Levy.
Oakland — G. H. Dunn, Mrs. M. B. Nicholson,
Miss Belle V. Nicholson, A. H. Long and wife,
Mrs. M. Lewis, H. A. Powell and wife, Mies
Eva Powell. Helen Powell, Stanley Powell.
Tipton, Ind. — Nellie Essig. Cincinnati — N. E.
Keeler. -¦'; "C
SARATOGA SPRINGS, Lake County: From
6an Francisco — H. J. Mahler, Frederick Can
field, Mrs. Canfleld. Jacob Stearns, Henry R.
Etearns, E. J. Wales. Mrs. Wales,. Miss Anita
"Wales. Harold Wales, W. F. Schmidt, Peter
K. Daley. Miss Kate Daley, Miss Ethel Daley,
G. S. Koltslander, I. F. Helms, C. Nonnemann,
Mrs. Nonnemann, Miss Bertha Nonnemann, G.
Xonnemann. Dick Stegeman, Ed Schwerin, G.
Schwerin. Robert Merritt, A. Nickles, Mrs. A.
JCickles. H. Tuchsacher, H. P. Christie, Rob
ert Christie Jr.. H. Schlle. Mrs. Wulff. A. B.
Babcock. Mrs. A. B. Eabcock. From Oakland
James F. Bos worth, Mrs. Bosworth, Miss
Kliza Bosworth, Leon Davenport, Edwin S.
I'atridge, Mrs. Patridge. Joseph L. Bellows Jr.,
Dar.iel S. Tappan, Mrs. Tappan. From Ala
ineda — Charles Audubon. S. T. Audubon, P. J.
O'Reilly. From Grants Pass, Or. — A. A. Cam
eron. Abilene, ICan. — Hlland Southworth, Elsie
Scruthworth. - ¦¦ . *.: »-
HOTEL GENEVA, Sausallto: From San
Francisco— Ellse Thall. H. Playfalr. W.
Springer. Mr. and Mrs/ Caraher, J. Langdon,
J. Simonson, L. Sharpe, H. Wilson, C. C.
Stone, Miss Flanders, Mr. and Mrs. Rodin,
Mr. and Mrs. Wrenn, Mr. Blbby. Mr. and
Mrs. Gordon McLeod, Miss Julia Eppinger,
Miss Josephine Abraham, Miss Lillian Nathan.
From Paris, France — SL Rochambeau and wife.
From Oakland — E. Wilson. From Denver —
Mr. and Mrs. Dickinson. Miss Dickinson. From
Chicago — Miss Ella Kahn. From Sausalito —
Rev. A. Karnay, Miss McKiesick.
HOTEL BOWARDENNAN. Ben Lomond:
From New York — A. B. Adams. From Mill
Valley — Mrs. C. P. Woolworth. From San
Jose — Mr. and Mrs. William J. Leet. From
Chicago — E. A. Broad, E. P. Broad. Captain
and Mrs. A 6. Fleming, United States army.
From Florence, Italy — Mr. and Mrs. George H.
Binney. From San Francisco — Mrs/ William
Mooser, Miss D. Mooser, Master W. Mooeer,
Mrs. Henry Gray and maid. Miss H. J. Gray,
Lawrence Gray, Miss Eva Schmidt, Miss M.
S. Payne. Mrs. William Herrmann, Miss E.
Herrmann, Mrs. J. E. Freeman, Miss F. Pat
rick. Mrs. E. Kuhler and maid, W. Davis Jr., 1
Sydney Davis. Mrs. J. B. Casserly, Miss Ames,
Mrs. C. Mason Klnne, Mrs.. W. W. Young,
Dr. L. D. Mead. Mrs. W. E. Davis. O. P.
Olson, Mrs. J. E. Auzerais and maid. Miss
Auzerals, Mies A. Auzerais, Miss L. Auzerais,
Miss M. Auzerais. Master J. Auzerais, J. V.
de Laveaga, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Cragin, E.
H. Behlow. Mrs. E. Rochat, Miss E. Rochat,
Miss L. M. Rochat. Miss F. Rochat. Miss
Frieda Ohlandt. Fuller Rochat, Mr. and Mrs.
H. I* E, Meyer. Miss L. D. Meyer, George H.
C. Meyer. George Y. Volkmann, W. G. Haxe,
Mrs. Meade. Miss Collie Meade, Miss A.
Meade. Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Elliott. Miss H:
E. Elliott, Miss C. E. Jones. J. R. Daniels,
E. H. Otto, S. Castle. Mrs. Castle, Miss W.
Castle. Kent Castle, Miss Charlotte Lally, Miss
Marion Lolly. Miss Helen J. Gray, Miss Emma
Schmidt. Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Demlng. J. R.
Daniels. Mrs. Thomas P. Woodward, Robert
S. Woodward, Ethel Woodward. San Jose —
C. H. Letcher.
HOTEL LYNDON, Loa Gatos: From San
Francisco — Sam Lotz, Robert Webber, E. J.
Waugh, Orr Clifton. E. W. A. Waterhouse and
wife. Charles Wallln, W. G. Woods, C. G. Mln
nifle and wife. Irene Hoge, Fred R.
Drlnkhouse, George B. Bramhul and
wife, Joe Nathan, Charles Gray, D.
S. S. Kahn and .wife. IMss Amy Keller,
L. W. Cooper, J. W. Dolllver, P. de la Mon
tanya. O. A. Hull and wife. Harry E. Warren,
Judge H. L. Joachimsen, Charles Shirley and
wife, B. Rider, W. J. Somers, E. Morse, J. J.
Deegan and wife, W. F. Whitney and family,
A. P. Hodges, Louis A. Leonhart, W. P.
Thomas, M. Rodgers, W. E. Floyd, J. L. Clark,
W. C. Pavey, Miss Gertrude C. Center. Miss L
Morse, W. C. Bogen, H. W. Bogen; from Oak
land — Edward Barry, A. W. Duck and wlte, F.
W. Stearns, B. G. Smith and wife; from Ala
meda — Miss Mary Parkhurst, Mrs. Waldo Park
hurst, L Merle.
CAMP TAYLOR RESORT: From San Fran
cisco— B. Hancock Joseph, J. Barr. E F.
Ayers. Mr. and Mra. Frank E. Arnold, J. M.'
McLaughlin, Thomas Dunne, Rose Levitt,,
Charles Webere, A. W. Brandt, Mrs. Gus VI
deau, Emmett L. Marsh and family.
Miss P. Upham, Regina McGinniss
Mrs. Jessica Little Cushman, George
Cushman, Mr. and Mrs. George Kroetz
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Carroll, Mr. and
Mrs. A. W. Brandt, K. W. Nightingale, Miss
Regira Upham. Darby Bassillio, Barney M.
McCracken, H. D. Lang, M. P. Lang, E. H.
Norman, Miss Freda Breitzmann. Miss Claudine
Breitzmann, Mrs. Annie Breitzmann, Mrs. R.
Isenbruck and family, Mr. and Mrs. Georg »
Browning. Grace O. Hoflnghoff. i Hellene L.,
Hoflnghoff. W. D. Holcom, Mrs. William Sykes
Annie Farrell. Mrs. R. H. McDonald Jr., M. T
Clark, Miss . Retta Haynes, Miss Margaret
Black, Ellis Wilson. Mrs. F. S. Haynes, Will
Henry, Mrs. Albert Poppenberg, Mrs. T. C
Shankland, Miss Theresa Casslnelll, Miss Rose
Casslnelll. Mrs. A. F. Moore, A. K. Coney and
family, Mrs. L. C. Clark, Mr. and Mrs. I
Beck, William G. Vascoe Jr.. Mt. and Mrs.
George C. Melllng, W. A. Roney, E. F. Eng
lish, L. E. Clifton, Archibald Elken. B. El
liott, W. F. Yatee, Miss E. V. R. Ten Eyck O
M-,Moore, C. W. Spaldlng, Ralph J. Harding,
R. JB. Hewson. E. Hewson, John Butler. Etta
Butler. Louis Butler, Oscar S. Frank. William
H. McDanlei. W. N. Elfendahl, G. J. McCor
znack, Mrs. E. J. McNamara, Mr. and Mrs
Jchn McGrath. James H. Sullivan, Harry E
Sullivan, O. Daniels. P. C. Shankland, Mrs. E.
D. Mori, Misa N. G. Pearce, Mrs. Joseph Wells
S. A. D. Jones and family, Mrs. William
Geistlich. Mrs. C. A. Howard and son, Zelda
Jonep, Miss Juliette Lytgens, Miss Olga Lyt
gens. Miss Edna Lytgens, B. Muhs, George
Maundrel, Walter Selberg, Mr. and Mra H. J
Kelly. Mr. and Mrs. Walter Leman, Howard
A. Welsh. Maurice Levy, Mrs. Charles Strund
berg. Charles More, Miss Emma Campbell Miss
M. E. Morgan, Mrs. J. D. Davles, Miss E. F
Shay, M. A. Edwards, Mr. and Mrs. B
Schm!dt, Miss Emma Schmidt. Miss Maggie
Farrell. Mrs. L. Haake and children, John B
Price; from Oakland — Miss Genevieve Shank
land, Rose J. O"Brien, Theresa O'Brien ¦ M
Fennetelz, Barney McDuff McCracken, H D*
Lang; from Berkeley — William Warren, Wil
liam Henry.
HALBIN SPRINGS— Mr. Charles M. Duf
flcy, San Francisco; Miss Veronica A Dufflcy
San Rafael; Mrs. Ruby Clay burgh, San Fran
cisco; Mr. and Mrs. M. Levy, Eyrie Levy Low
er Lake; Jimmy Britt, John Greeley 'judah
Boas, Jit Boas, San Francisco; William Don
ahue, Sacramento; Mr. and Mrs. William De
lanes-, Oakland;. Mr. and Mrs. Albert Hall
Paris, France; Joe Kennedy, San Francisco'
James J. Jefferles, Jack JelTerles, Los Angeles;
Joe Egan, Paso Robles; Miss Irene Meroy, Miss
S. McLaurin, Louise Larvey, Mrs. J M
vey. Mr. and Mrs. Z. W. Christopher! Mrs W
C- Christopher, R. I. Hoffman, E. P. Tyrant'
Kan Francisco; Miss'Shreve, Santa Ro^a- Mr'
and Mrs. I. Levin, San Francisco; Ed Taylor
Alameda; K. Fltzslmmons, M. F. Manning'
L.ikeport; Sam McKeagne and wife, Honolulu
i:. H. Jones, San Francisco; P. Watklns. Oak
land; Mrs. A. C. Hawkes, San Francisco. Los
Angelea: Mr. and Mrs. George Miller. San
Francisco: W. J. Crow, Mr. and Mrs. Clancy
Mr. and Mrs. H. J. Folsom, Mr. and Mia'
Jackson. Mrs. " Devennlng, Henry_ Kline. Dr.
and Mrs. Anthony, Charles E. Stone, M." Cas.
? assa, R. J. Cassassa, Robert Lean'^fo,' Wil
liam. Munz. Miss Clara Robinson, Mrs. R.
Prescott, Miss D. Ltmbaugh, S. R. Moller.
Woodland: J. H. Rupley. San Francisco: H.
Mulligan, J. W. Crowl, J. Leayy. H. C. Keret,
Mrs. R. Hulton, A. McCracken. Henry Me-
Growan. H. Goldstein. Mr. and Mrs. Gold
stein, . Mr. end Mrs. L, Reese, - Mr. and Mrs.
J. Dougherty. Mr. and Mrs. Wetnpe. Mr. and
Mrs. G. F. Greene, H. A. Sheppard, E. La-
brell, W. H. Cameron, J. R. Myers. Los An
geles: Mlf.s L. Jeffries, Mrs. H.L. June and
eon. Honolulu: John Walker. San Rafael:
Milton Wain. Vallejo: Vino Heggarty. Mr.
Lima. San Francisco.
Coronado Beach: Mrs. JIattle Williams.
Miss Myrtle , Williams, H. Fred Kennede. San
Diego: Mrs. R. M. Elliott. Chicago; Mrs. < Z.
M. Shortrldffe. ; Colorado Springs. Col. ;, Mrs.
Kate Hersey, Los 'Angeles: Mrs." Carrie Travis
Laverty, Louisville; Mrs. S. A. Rose, Los An
geles.
fael, Abe Levy and * wife, Charles I Levy and
wife, Mrs. H. Mayer, Miss Sidney Taylor, '
Louis', Metzger, Mrs. • Edward Matzger, : Miss
Edith Schmaittacher, Walter Fox, L. ¦, C- Mayer.
Santa Rosa: F. Al Raddatz, Miss Clara
Arkens. ¦ Miss Grace Bugbee. Wills Skaggs. D.
B. Hart, F. T. Wright, Mr. and Mrs. Cassassa.
Oakland : Miss M. . E. Feeney, Miss J. G.
FeeneV, Mrs. S. E. Frost; E. B.' Dean.
" Berkeley: C. H. Phillips, Mrs. C. H..Phil
lips, ' Virginia t Phillips, . Mrs. M. J. Birdsall,
Max Greenhood and wife.
Healdsburg: Ethel Haigh, W. . W. Barham
and wife, A. Guerra.
Geyserville: Arnold Basch and wife, J. E.
Wicher, Miss Neva Board, Mrs. \ William
Board- Miss Amanda Bell. "
-New I York: A Herbert A. Miles, Miss E. E.
Cox, Miss C. Cox.
Chicago: Mrs. M. C. Sears, Miss' E. L.
Sears, . Master Bereerln. . •' ; .
Cincinnati: N. E. Keeler.
Seattle: A. Youns.
San Rafael: W. E. Bush,.E. Rochat Jr. :
. Cloverdale: A. -R. Coin, and son, Al Rose.
Petaluma: Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Maclay.
Belvedere : I A. W. Maihone and wife. ¦
Vallejo: Frances C. Mclnnis, J. A. Mclnnla
and wife, E. L. Mclnnis, Teresa Nelll. ¦
Fruit vale: ; E. L. Blaekman and wife." •
BURON HOT SPRINGS: From San Fran
ciscc-^Mr. and Mrs. S. Cohn, Miss Edith L.
Cohn,. Miss. Nellie F. Sullivan, T. W; Dohr
mann, I. R. Caskall, Mrs. L. M. Gateley, Jameo
Gateley, G. Oleson, Fred Frankenthal, H. V.
Dubols, George .T. Bromley, E. - M. Connolly
and wife, | A. Hochsteln, W. J. S. Powers, A.
L. Edwards, Miss M. V. Klrketerp, Mrs. . L.
Hitchlns, Miss F. J. Hitchins, Miss Marion
Froelich, Miss' Ida Voorman, H. C. Ahlera, W.
S. Jenkins, Mrs. Paulsen, E. N. Jenkins, Miss
Eva Walcome, T. Toklas, H. Shemanskl, Miss
Anna Shemanskl, L. O. Adams, ' F. . W.
Schroeder; Marcus Tash, R. Block, B.-Coleman,
H.M. Black, H. A. Wegener, Mrs. J. J. Hlntz.
M. S. Clime, Mrs. M. Clime, Mrs. H. Lundner.
Sig. Lauter, Fred Peterson, P. J. Young and
wife, Houghton Sawyer and wife, Hall Oestlng
and wife, James Du Boise, Mrs. H. Williams,
Miss McKenzie. Miss Nellie Tinny, Placerville;
W. J. Schmidt, Berkeley; E. H.Audala. F. W.
Fratt and wife,- M. S. Williams ' and M. E.
Brown, Sacramento; Joe Matterer, Modesto; L»
Foard, Miss J. Foard, Mrs. F. M. Delenoy and
son, Mrs. J. Powell, F. M. Delenoy, - Mrs. J.
D. -Bacon and Mrs. John Sherman, Alameda;
H. Williams, Robinson; Mrs. Henry Wetherbee,
Fruitvale; Miss Martin, New York City; Hans
O'Hansen, San Lorenzo; J. N. Young, Visalla;
Calvert Mead, W. H. Powers and B. H. Bege
ley, Oakland; C. D. Dunn, Oroville; Pete Mllic
ovich.Sutter Creek: H. Lessman, Merced; J. G.
Roza and Thomas Roza, Crockett ; J. H. Berg
hauser. Belvedere; *Irs. William Llkins, Val
lejo ; George Schonewald and wife and Mary
C. O'Brien, Del Monte; E. B. Miller, Latrobe;
J. D. Peters and Hon. Marion de Vries, Stock
ton; Kenneth Hamilton, San Francisco: D. R.
Bent, Oregon; S. T. Blackwell, Tacoma; L. ,M.
Calvert, Arizona. • A
HOTEL CAPITOL A— W. H. Payne, Mrs.
Julia E. Dunn, Mrs. Octavia C. Booth, Henry
W. Whltely, John Caffrey, San Francisco; Miss
Mason, Miss Cukens, Mrs. DIngerfleld, J. B.
Jackson, Santa Cruz; F. Cain. San Jose; W.
P. Faul and wife. Watsonville; Miss Mae"
Crossom, Capltola; C. B. Gregory, New Tork;
H. L. Huntington, Oakland; E. O. Magoon,
San Jose; Mrs. B. F. Hudspeth, Cedarville;
Mrs. Charles A. Wayland, Master Charles
Rucker Wayland, San Jose ; C. F. Taylor, W.
W. Everett. San Francisco: Alfredo Lutz
Demorest, Santiago de Chile; William K.
Crawford, • Los Angeles; Miss May Cottel, San
Jose; Miss M. C. Kelly, San Francisco; Miss
A. J. Matty. Miss A. F. Matty, Wrights; Leo
Cooper, San Francisco; Mrs. Henry. Van
Syckle, Capitola; Clement Polk and -wife," San
Francisco; W. O. Byrne and wife, Sacramento;
H. Holmes and wife, San Francisco; H. C. Cul
lom, Berkeley; F. O. Hihn and wife, J. G.
Tanner, Santa Cruz; Sam Bibo and wife, Miss
Bertha Kreig, Miss B. Martin, J. Lyon, R. H.
Quallo, Mrs. H. P. Wilson, two children and
maid, Mrs. M. J. Edmondson, San Francisco;
Miss Dorothea Cain. San Jose; J. M. Kimberlln
Santa Clara; Frank R. Dam, Mountain View
Ranch; O. C. Kiefer and wife, Lillian Ramus,
Cecilia Ramus, Leona Jonas, Clara Harder, S.
McCrary, Bliss G. Johnson, San Francisco;
Mrs. C. T. Sairs, Capltola: Mrs. Edward
Schmitt and daughter. Sam Francisco; B. F.
Fletcher, Springfield, HI; Mrs. Samuel Dren
nan. W. C. Byrne and wife, Santa Cruz; Miss
Jeffreys Martin, Miss Martin New York: Miss
Jeannett* Schmltt. Franca; William M Honig
Albany, N. Y.; Anna T. Deeney, Hattle E.
Thomas, San Francisco; Dr. G. D. Marvin
and wife. Agnew; Mrs. Thalman Freels, Miss
Ora Thalman, H. P. Wilson, . San Francisco;
Colonel G. W. Parker and wife, Sausalito; Mrs.
M. Brooks, Miss Mathe Brooks Mrs. J • J.
Flannagan, Mrs. B. F. Alexander, Charles R.
Sheaff, William Loewl, E. A. Clausen, San
STrancisco; Miss "Louise '3. Calmore Berkeley;
"^Ilss Martha Loewl J. W. Hunt and son, San
Francisco; W. C. Patrick and wifa, Chicago,
111.; Byron Stovall. San Francisco; Wade H.
Ettro and wife, Watsonville; Miss Dorothy
Pendergast, Charles Anderson and wife, Wil
liam J. Raymond. Mr. Jeffery and wife, Henry
Simpson, M. Solano, Mrs. M. E. Ulner Mrs.
C. Cochran. Mrs. H. Rosengarden, Miss M M
Wollner, Miss . R: Hammerschlag X. Harder
San Francisco; Miss Kruggs, New York; Mrs.
L. S. Higgins. P. de la Montanya, B. C. Gray
Joe H. Nathan, San Francisco; Mrs. C F
Rodolph, inald. and child, Oakland; E Rich
ff 18 ,. ,°. M.. Abben.and wife, T. Wecksler A.
Macklllof and wife, San Francisco; Mrs M M
Barker^ Miss C. W. Hammond, Ben Lomond;
Mrs. W. H. Kern, Wanda Kern. -Mrs. Ira J.
Harmon, E. R. Splivalo, Maybelle Harmon,
San Francisco; Charles Walker, Oakland ; B
Hammond, Alameda; Mrs. A. S. Grant and
child, A, W. Waters, San Francisco; H. A
Thomas and family, Chico.
Cottages, Capitola— Mrs. L. A. Shaw and
family, San Francisco; A. T. Dresser and fam
ily. Mrs. Cooper and family. T. B. Dalton and
family. Watsonville; H. O. Perkins, San Fran-
£ SC °;>, F -T> F - en and i a mily. Haywards; Mrs.
Dorothy Pendergast and family. San Francisco;
Mrs. Hugo Abrahamson and family, Oakland •
Mrs. Thomas Alton and family, San Mateo;
W. Rosenberg and family, San Francisco- F
E. Goodich and family, «San Jose; Mrs Hast
ings, Alameda; Miss Hampton and party Oak
¦tand; Mrs. Whitfleld and daughter? Salinas^
Mrs. Flannagan and family. Mrs. Norman and
daughter. San Francisco; Mrs. Pennycook anrt
family. Oakland: L. H. Talman and wife w at
|°nville; Mrs. Krutch and family. Ian j^Z
_LYTTON SPRINGS— George L. Ford MIes
Roselle Heyman and Oscar Heyman. San Fran
Cisco; Miss Genevieve Halgh and Mi» a ah™
Halgh, Healdsburg; Miss Llbby Hill San Frin
Cisco ;. Miss Josephine Hill, Larkspur; Alfs
A.Klelser, Mrs. George W. Prescott Mrs Wil
U am^ Gr^. ham ? nd Malc °l™ Graham/c^verdale-
P. F. Ziegenfuss, H. Eisner and family V
Hector and Miss Hector. San Francisco; j) P
Whltton and wife, Alexander Valley- Miss
S? lth . w B 2*!E B £ lun ' San F rancisco J ChaTes
Sherrift, Healdsburg; George Sherriff, San Jose^
James P. , Guinn, D. H. Meyers R Q c ook '
and wife and H. K. Thornton and* wife Healds-
A Ur H.^; Bres S h ' E - T - Henning. W. B. Hofen
A. Bbrliniand son, Mrs. V. Hector and chil
dren, Miss Mathilde Hector. Mrs. J G Wheeler
and J. Bromcke, San Francisco; H- W Geore«
and wife Cazadero; Miss Madeline Chapmiii
and Josephine Chapman, Alameda- W W fi
fepdahl and G. J. McCormick, San Francisco"
Mrs. C. L. Hodge, Quartz; Mrs. Popple Oak
land; John Gerdts and wife, Mrs Frank B
Eaton and child, Lena Muraski, Mrs L C*
Soloman, Mrs. V. Cavalsky, Mrs. E. G'uittard*
Miss A. Guittard, Miss B. Guittard FraSk
Guittard. Mrs. N. Groth, Milton Grotn HaTry
Groth, Stella Groth and H. E.' Nolan aniwlte
San Francisco: S. K, Dougherty, Santa Rosa.'-
Mrs. T. R. Ogle and Mrs. J. p Haiiii "and
baby, Dry Creek; W. H. Skinner and wtfe
Healdsburg: Rev. Jay William Hudson Santa
Rosa; D. W. Sylvester, Geyserville. ,
DEER, PARK, INN, Deerpark, Placer Coun
ty, Cal.: , San Francisco— Mae F. . Keeffe U
A. Wood, Mrs. C. A. Lewis, Miss . Alice Lewis'
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick E." Magee, A Wetzel'
L. Swansberg; Mrs. Clinton j.Hutchlns, Louis
M. Hutchins, Honolulu; George R. Hutcblnson
Fruitvale; C L. Crane, John Sober, D it ur
phy, M. Thompson, Reno ; O. Q. Heckok Co
lusa; ¦ F. Johnson, • Stanley Tong, B. Giles Sac
ramento; F. H. Scott," J." C. Scott, Cosiimne-
Roy Scott, Folsom.v -./¦-•' -. . >
SANTA CATALINA The social
season at this watering- .. resort was duly
launched Saturday evening, June 14 when the
great pavilion was thrown open to the dancers
and the daily evening open-air concerts by the
Catalina Island Marine Band were inaugurated
The opening has occurred two weeks earlier
than usual, but an opening here never before
l^as been attended with such eclat. The band
Which comprises twenty- five pieces, and has a
reputation second to none in the West ¦ is a
leading feature at this city of tents, and' there
is an outpouring of the entire population every
evening "when the band begins to play." This
continues from T:30: to 9, when those inclined
repair to the. pavilion, where they dancfe until
11 o'clock. - ' • .
Santa Catalina has been making heavy drafts
on San Francisco in recent years, and there
are here at present a large contingent of society
and business people from the metropolis. Amoni
them are Colonel and Mrs. R. A; Eddy Gen
eral A. W." Barrett, ' State Bank Commissioner
and Mrs. Barrett; A. Haas, wife and family
and maid; • Stanley Imsheimer, L. Strawbarge
M. Schweitzer, - wife, family and maid* David
F. Walker, wife and family: Mrs. Samuel Bls
singer, with her two sons, Fred and Jack and
maid; Mrs. E^ K. Ash, Miss Adele H. Ash
Charles M. Reynolds,' Mrs. Joseph Ehrman'
William H. and Joseph Ehrman, S. M. Heller
Mr. • and Mrs. E. J. Ackerman, ; Mrs. I. Kohn'
Miss Levy," Miss Emma Ackerman, Jacques
Blum and, wife. Mrs. -.Sylvanl ¦ :and Master
Charles ¦ Blum; Miss Rowena Brandt, Jesse G
Goby- and wife. Miss Elmira Goby, Miss : A #
Hlllegass, Mrs. George E. Dow and Miss Lil
lian Dow. v '. ;
i Fishing Is now at Its best ; Great catches of
great; gamy flsh are made •¦ by ¦ nearly every
one who. cares to handle a rod.. The tuna has
been somewhat tardy in making its appearance
but for the last » two - weeks they - have been
coquetflng- with" the anglers, snapping their
bait, smashing . their ; tackle : and tricking them
In various ways. 1 One gentleman, • Judge Bea
man of Denver, attorney for the Colorado Fuel
and Iron Company, had a "fight with- a tuna
lasting four hours and six- minutes a few days
einoe, but the big fish bested him, and it was.
not until 'June 18, that Frank C.
Winters of Los Angeles, with Henry Elms as
boatman, landed • the ' first tuna ' of. this • aea-
AT SUMMER RESORTS.
SKAGGS HOT j SPRINGS. Sonoma County
From San Francisco — Mrs. B. Hughes *v»5»
Kluge. Mrs. Walter Speyer. Master John Spey*
er. Eugene Speyer, Misses Speyer, Mrs H Hnr
ris. Miss A. Cassel, K. D. McCan. W H ' c£l~
Mrs. B. F. Webster, Miss Webster C U Ma
cloon. Mr. and Mrs. Robert Behlow, Miss' Elsa
Behlow, Master Robert Behlow. William Beh
low. Frank C. Buch and wife. Miss Emma
Church. William , H. Qulnn. C. Hedauist T
Rusloff, John Mace, Mr. and Mrs. H. B Smiti,"
Master Louie Smith. Henry Warner, G* J Me
Cormick. W. W. Effendehl, P/p bupuy and
wife, F. Morton; Mrs. E. G. Zelle. John Zeile
Mabel Zeile. Elsie Zeile, Louis . A, , Steen and
wife. F. Hoffman. B. C. Petrie and wife MrV
L. B. Woods. W. W. Haas. W. J, Carroll and
wife. Mrs. J. J. Fltzpatrlck and? child C
Charles Higgins, Mrs. J. Hoffman, Mrs ifl"
Falkenstein, Alma « Ev DIttenhorf er, Marion
B. DIttenhorf er. J. E. • Short, M v
O'Leary, M. H. McAllister, Mra m m
McAllister, Otis McAllister. Ethel McAllister-"
G. Wailen. Judge Grace. Miss Jennie Grace
Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Chandler, Stewart n
Chandler, Mrs. T. Stewart, Miss G. Stewart
Miss T. Stewart, A. R. Bergman, - R, Curt'«
and wife. Marguerite Muligan. L. N Kercho
val. Michael Leahy. Will F. Lindon' Mrs w"
Rafael. Miss Irene Rafael, Master Harry *Ra-
NAPA SODA SPRINGS. Nara County— G. B.
Wright and wife. G. Raker and family Mrs.
Robert Beck. Stanley H. Jackson, Mrs E.
Danforth. Miss T. M. Danforth. Mrs. P.
Lewis. Mrs. M. Schmitt and family, Mr and
Mrs. H. J. Hart, Mr. and Mrs. B. M. Solo
mon, Mr. and Mrs. M. Rosenshim and family,
Mrs. Rosenthal. John Rothschild. Mrs. Guer
ney. Mrs. H. L. Alexander. Miss Blaekman,
Ben R. Meyer Mrs. L. Zoebel. Miss Lillian
Mniyer. Miss Ida Blumen. Max Isaacs C P
Benson and family. Mrs. R. S. WollberW Mrs
E. Epstein. Mrs. H. Wise and family, Mr and
Mrs. Hutchlngs and child. Mrs C. G. Bigelow
Maurice Schmltt, J. R. Scharlin, P. Lewis S*
Rosenblum. Mrs. L. Saronl and family G M #
Kelly. J. H. Fallon. T. R. McCarthy MT-s'
H. Goldman and family. M. Haete and wife
Mrs. B. Marks. Helen Rweitzer, Mrs B Stern
and family, Mrs. M. Adler and family. Mrs
B D. Pike and family, Mrs. D. G. Schipn".
Mrs. N. A. Du Bos« and daughter R R
Kanager.W. E. Hayes. Miss Hayes W C* Sa
bln. Miss Satin. Mrs. Livin^ton and 'familv.
Miss L. A. Kelly E.' J Doliard. Albert Wolff
and sorv Mrs. H. Rles Mrs. H. Plerson. James
R. McElroy. S. W^oobbergr, N..E. Rutter San
Francisco; J Swanton. C. | Mose. T. Shanahan
R Duprey E A. Freeman. J. L. Rines. P. l!
Ring. L. T. Hayman S.^E. Babson, Mrs. S.
E. Babson Mrs.. J. E Cohn. Miss Cohn, L.
Otrolm. Miss B. Case, Mrs. L. Gardner MA
Hoffmann. Jake Tlerres and wife ""'a.' n'
Forbes and wife, Napa. ' -
THE TALLAC, Tallnc. Cal.: From San
Francisco — Perry Evans, J. H. Neustadter,
Charles Hirsch. Master Arthur Hlrsch. M. A.
Preston and wife. J. H. Edwards and wlf>.
E. H. Prentice, Mrs. R, Mehrtens. Mrs. B. H.
Prentice. Miss Stella Whitman. Mrs. M. Mc-
Nlcoll. Miss B. McNlcoll. Mrs. 8. A. Dick.
Miss C. Dick. Georsre L. Hurst. John Landejs.
Sylvan D. Davis, E. G. Schonwasser. William
T. Hitch. Mr. and Mrs. I. Liebes. Miss Flora
Liebes, Miss Ruby Mpver,' Master Arnold
Liebes. Miss M. Prade. Mr. atid Mrs. William
Kaufmann. Joel Kaufmann, Miss Irene Derh
hatn, Mr. and Mrs. Sylvaln Weill, Mr. and Mrs.
Leonard Georgis, Mr. and ¦ Mrs. Stanton W.
Brown. Mrs. H. F. Woods, Master Frank
Woods. Master Clarence Woods, Frank
Schmltt. Mrs. J. H. Neusta<Urr. Miss Helen
Neusladter, C. W. Fuhrer. William Wertzsch,
H. Hoffman. G. H. Mlesner. E. H. Orr. Miss
Bessie R. Fuhrer. Miss Lucy J. Fuhrer. Miss
Elsa T. Fuhrer. Lyman Gamm, Miss Gertrude
H. Winslow. Mile. Math Bouchard. From New
York — Mrs. John C. Fisher.- John F. Elliott.
From Mexico — William E. We*>d. Ernest
Grether. From Oakland — S. W. Berteau a»'l
wife. From San Antonio. Tex.as— Gus J. Grool.
Gus Gusecke and wife. From San Diego— Mrs.
A. E. Higgles. From Palo Alto — Alvin Borg
guist. T. F. B. Angell. From Alta — W. W.
Price. From Hueneme — Mrs. E. O. Gerberding.
Master T* B. Gerberdlng. From Honolulu— E.
B. Glffard. From San Jose — T, Ellard Beans.
Ralph Lowe, C H. Chase. From Stockton —
J. K. Wagner and wife. From Gormany — Gus
tav Werner, Mrs. Werner.. Mrs. Worden. From
South Carolina — Mrs. Beattie. Beattle.
From Glenbrook. Nev. — D. Coulllard. From
¦Reno, Nev. — Andrew Johnson. From Virginia
City — A. J. McDonnell. R. E. Sharon. From
Princeton. N. J. — J. M. Baldwin. Mrs.' Bald
win and two children. From Sacramento —
PIshop W. H. Moreland. From Charleston- S
C. — Mrs. E. M. Moreland - \ ¦
ADAMS "SPRINGS: From San Franciaco—
William Isaacs and wife,' John J. Dbherty, John
J. Greeley. Thomas Clancy. Jimmy Britt, , H.
F. Suhr. Mrs. Henry Campe, John H. Vileln,
J. Shade and wife. H. Segelken , and wife,
Ethel Holmes, Mrs. E. A. Holmes, Miss H. B.
Fairweather, James Hickey, Fred Fahrenholz,
Charles "Webb. Conrad Lamprecht, P. Murphy,,
J. Thode and wife, M. B. Bilafer. Mrs. John
Maichl, Miss M. Malchi, Miss L. Malchi, Miss
S. Malchi, L. K. Ginowt. J. F. McCarthy, B.
Frank Ames, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Troyer,
Mrs. Rudolph, P. J. Parrell, Mrs. S. F. Keith
ly, E. P. Foster and wife. Grant Elliott. E.
Vatuone, E. Hutches, John V. Allen, .A. O. .
Cordell. J. A. Fitzgerald, E. K. Clarke, H. F.
MordofiT, Mrs. M. G. Mordoff. J. B. Cullen, T.
Parker. Mrs. Anna Regan, Miss Cora Roberts, i
A. - T. Keyes. B. Mirsky. Miss Susie Ross,
Miss Abbie Mclntosh. J. A. Fitzgerald, Miss
Hannah Convey, Miss Minnie Laughlin, A. O.
Cordell, H. Deckelman, Joseph Stumpe, Leo
Brazalia, George M. Geimann, Thomas I F.
Byrne, Leo Merchant, \ August Meyer, M. Du
ane, L. Short, Charles E. Godory, T. Webster
and wife. R. H. Fischbeck and wife. R. Me-
Bride, J. E. Dolan and wife. P. M. Kissane,
James Hayden, J. E. Hooper and wife, Jonn
Schoetz, Miss Annie Hockinson, Miss Jennie
Olson, E. J. Steffens. Oakland— Louie Roda
novlch. L. Hubbard. Charles Peterson. G. '. H.
Dunn. Mare Island — O. I. Cheney and wife.
Sacramento — Al Moutor, C. Studarus, C. Rust,
C. Rotholz and son, J. Hyman, William 8tu
art. Santa Rosa — E. H. Hudson. J. Glasford,
Miss Josephine Dows. Vallejo — A. Abelson, M.
Horan. Daniel Hosran. Bakersfleld — L. P. St.
Clair, M. F. St. Clair, Cora M. St. Clalr.
Merced— H. Howell. Hopland— D. _ M. Lowe.
Lower Lake — Lion H. Frank. Fresno — James
Schenowith, A. E. . Relnheimer, C. C. Chance,
Mrs. M.' P. Chance. Napa— D. D. Me Wade,
L. K. Salsbury. Los Anseles — William Tuft,
'H. K. Nichol, J. Scholl, P. Lohman. L. Loh
man and wife, N. Schaefer, Arnold Cocham
and wife. San Diego— Leo Escher and family,
M. R. Karlton, Henry Knowlton. Coronado—
Miss Lizzie Fraser, William Alexander and
family. Avalon, Catalina Island — Charles
Springer. Pomona — Karl Neber, L. Westphal.
St. Louis,. Mo. — Ben H. Houser. Chicago, 111. —
Herman Soltow. Honolulu — Fred Kaiser. Cor
delia — Henry Dunker, Ed Hyatt, Frank Swee
ney. •
BARTLETT SPRINGS: From San Francisco
— G. D. Cummlngs. M. Nunan, G. Abraham,
Mrs. W. A. Cachot, J. Wand, Mrs. A. Heun
isch and daughter, Frank Peterson, Robert
Consine, R. H. Lloyd, Fred Coddlngton, E.
Marks, F. Levy, Alexander Irvine, Miss Anna
L. Hornsby, Mrs. O. F. von Rhein. Mrs. G.
W. Luce, Roy Luce, Miss Mabel Luce, A. L".
Neubauer. Mrs. M. V. Hall. Miss Edna Hall,
Miss Olive Hall, S. Zoellner, C. S. Stroval, Mrs.
J. Erlanger and ' children, Mrs.. L. A. Souc,
Mrs. A. Dorland, Mrs. E. P. Lewis, Miss
Kdna Griffith. A. M. Ebbets. W. Fallon. C. S.
Williams,. Oakland — A. B. Woods. Concord —
William Gibson. Santa Rosa — John Keefe, N.
Keefe. Fresno — W. F. Maupin. Williams —
Mr. and Mrs. C. Klssllng. Weaverville — W.
Waters. San Pablo — Mary Roberts and son.
Alameda — E. F. Gerald. "¦ Lakeport — A. H.
Spurr. Irwin Calef. Antioch — "W. A. Belshaw.
Woodland — Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Parkeri E. E.
Leake. Sacramento — E. Lovdal. J. B. Wright.
Placerville — Mr. and Mrs. P. Carpenter Mrs.
G. J. Carpenter. Upper Lake — M. E. Adams.
Sacramento — Mrs. H. K. Johnson and children,
J. B. Robinson. Los Angeles — Harold Fleet
wood, J. M. Johnson. San Jose — H. B. -Mar- V
tin. Berkeley — T. K. Sweesy. H. MV Water
bury. Belmont — Albert Heunisch. Kastland —
W. C. Wiester. Grass Valley — E. C. Creller.
AETNA SPRINGS: From San Francisco —
Charles J. Behlow and, wife. Mr. and- Mrs.
Henry B. Russ, Miss Linda B.i Russ, Master
Inyo A. Russ. Mr. and Mrs. Thomas H. B.
Varney Miss. Eva Varney, Miss Maud Varney,
Mr. and Mrs. A. O. Colton, Miss Ida A. Kil
ley, Mrs, William O'Brien, Miss Leonora
O'Brien. Mrs. Dr. Charles W. Card, Miss Ala
meda Card, Miss Helen Card, C. F. Hathaway,
James Welsh, J.' E. Hathaway. Mrs. Simeon'
Wenban. Mrs. W.'O. Mills, MIsh Carrie Mills,
Master S. W. Mills. Mrs. J. L. Kinar. Mrs. Stu
art, Miss Margie Stuart. Miss N. A. Jacobs, Miss
N. C. Stallman. Judge George W. Cabaniss and
wife, George W. Cabnnlss Jr.. S. H. Rich, Wil
liam Groppe, Mr. and Mrs. D. S. Dorn, Misa Anna
Brooks, Miss Mabel de Moldrup, George P.
Thomas and wife, Harry . S. Huff, Miss A.
Hirstel. Miss C. HIrstel. Miss J. Hevman, Miss
A. Hoffman. Jack L. Lowenthal. H. Dederky
Jr. Oakland — Mr. and Mrs. Bruce 'Hayden,
Miss Florence Hayden, Miss Senllla B. Hayden,,
Miss Cuolip Hayden. Alameda — A. E. Babson,
A. L. - Crane and wife. Santa Rosa — W. -D.
Cooley. R. D. Dlxon. Middletown — Howard
Turner, Miss Ruse. Miss Bertha Koopman," Gus
Collins. Napa — Herbert - Wilton. Arewins —
Mra. L. Rosenfeld Weill. Master Will R. Weill.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
33
AMUSEMENTS. r
) ". KVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
, MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP. .
TO-NIGHT—liAST OF
THE
TOYiVlAKER
MONDAY, June 23-^Production Par Excellence
of .the Famous Hit, ¦ V
("HOOT OTON.")
SMITH AND HERBERTS GREATEST *
OPERA.
TOTJ ATT. REMEMBER - —-
"FAIRY TALES," "IN FAIR HAVANA,"
"THE EIGHT-FOOT KICK," THE UMBREL-
LA DUET, THE PRIESTESS* SONG, "THE
TATTOOED MAN," "TALK ABOUT YO\
LUCK," "I JUST DROPPED IN," and tho
Magnificent ENSEMBLES AND FINALES.
...GREAT CAST—SPLENDID SCENERY.
SO PRETTY GIRLS IN BEAUTIFUL COS-
TUMES.
POPULAR PRICES—25c. 60o and 75c
" . Telephone Bush 9. ¦
SUTRO:BATHSi"
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.-
Bathlng from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISISON -10c. CHILDREN So. -.
-Bathing including admission 25c. Children, 20c
1
j
'
1
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A car-load of Cook Dooln
bas Just arrived front Chicago
and tliey are ready' for distri-
bution at the business office
of 'this paper. All Call sub*
scrlbers are entitled to a copy
of this if r eat Coolc Boole at
the premium price of flf ty,
cents.
An Additional * charce of 2O
cent* to pay exprenage ¦ trill
be required front out ol to its
subscribers ordering br. mall.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
" Week Commencing THI3 AFTER-
NOON. June x 22.
AVAUDEV1LLE
BREEZE!
Limited Engagement of the Favorites,
Frederick Molly
Hallen and Fuller
Presenting "THE SLEEP WALKERS" J
Mr. 1 Mrs. Waterous I
Society Entertainers and Operatic Vo- s>
callsta. H
' Mabel. May ft
Sisson and Stewart
la "A MYSTERIONS PILL." |?
DAVE LEWIS I
The Noted German Comedian. K
ELEANOR TALK 1
AND HER CHORUS OF TEN GIRLS g
Presenting th» New Act, "MOON- ji
- BEAM9." >Z
LORIS and ALTINA [
In Their Great William TeU Act. £
SWAN and BAMBARD
Grotesque Acrobatic Comedian*.
THE BIOGRAPH
With •> Chang* ot View*. ];
* ¦ •¦ *'&
LAST WEEK OB" , J>
BEDIM and ARTHUR §
European Comady Juarglera. 1
y Parquet, any seat, 2So; Balcony. lOo;
4 Children. . lOo. any part ! expect re-
< served. A few front Orchestra rows,
Z reserved. 60c; frost rows of Balcony,
i reserved. 25c
Union coursing park.
/HO. GEACB, Jndgs; JAB. T. GSACS, 81!jj«j.
TO-DAY,
SUNDAY- • • - JUNE 22
Sapling and
Classified Stakes.
Stajv Performers
in the Running.
TRA1K SERVICES.
Leave* Third and Townsend . streets 10:13 a.
in., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. ; Twenty-flfta
and Valerfcia streets five minutes later; return-
In? at 4:45 p. m. and after the last course.
San Mateo electrics cars every five minutes.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS: LADIES FREE.
-
LAST MATINEE AND NIGHT OJ 1
"ROMEO AND JULIET."
Week Beginning: TO-MORROW (MONDATJ
EVENING
MAUDE FEALY
AND- . i»
EDWARD MORGAN
In an Elaborate Production of '
"THE TWO ORPHANS."
The Greatest Melodrama Ever Written. |
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c 25c. 60c, 73a
Good Orchestra Seats all Matlneea, 25a
S CHUTES !
¦
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING.
TWTN SISTERS MEREDITH: TWO LITTLE.
PUCKS; WEBBER AND ELLIOTT; A, MAPI
PRESTON: KELLY AND KENT; MURPHY
AND SLATER. AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
Dally and Nightly 1 Don't Fall to See
nardpflowfling Loop the Loop
And MME. SCHELL'S PERFORMING UONS.
Admission 10c Children .....Bo
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
Pa 1 n r a Desirable location.
1 Uldvv unsurpassed cuisine,
u n e q u a led ser-
«3«1/3 "" ? nd modern
UjJU conveniences are the
attributes that have
i\fini\ made these two ho-
Uldllil » cls popular with
tourists and travel-
Hotels $0* visit San
THE WEEKLY CALL
o^ It Publishes the Cream ot t&«
¦ ID News of the Week aai
o< MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
eJ ORIGINAL FEATUREa
°\ IT IS TMB BEST WEEKLY
ol PAPER ON TUB
•Tj pacific coast
3 The Best >^ / Mining
°» Telegraphic \f News That
o< Service o a f\ to'kuurutm
oc The Coast / \J« up to data
a Not a Line of It Sensational
or Faky, and Not a Line of
tt Dry or Uninteresting
ONE DOLLAR PER YEAS-
AMUSEMENTS.
Market Street, Kear Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY, 10c, 15o, 25o.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
THE GREAT FARCE,
MY AUNT BRIDGET.
FHICF^' Ev«nlnp» lOo to 50o
1111VLJ. Matinees lOc, 15c, 23o
TO-MORRO"W JSV^DUNG —
Tha Thrtlltng Melodrama which Sensationalized
Greater New Tork, THE
• ¦ % ' ¦
nl I I I h
A GREAT PIoAT— A GREAT CAST.
A^ mmm^^^^T' The Alcazar ia far too ¦
TID s ma H to accommodate "The I
III* Zaza" throngs. Reserve I
III your seats two weeks ahead I
—^^ If you desire a choice. I
TO-NIGHT, ALL NEXT WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
, Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET
In David Belasco's Great Play.
Seats now selling for MATINEE FRIDAY.
; -K^y.-' July a.
yULIIifiSlM LEADING MTfiE
Powell Street. Near Market.
Box office open to-day from 10 a. m. to 2 p. m.
: Beginning TO-MORROW. June 23.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
CHARLES FROHMAN PRESENTS
Benry Miller, Margaret Anglin
And a SPECIAL COMPANY,
In Arthur W. Plnero'a Four- Act Comedy,
THE GAY LORD QJ£X.
After Its Successful . Run of
400 NIGHTS IN LONDON.
NOTE— During the Miller-Anglin Season the
Matinees Will. Commence at 2 O'clock Sharp.
TO-NIGHT— MATJNEE SATURDAY.
1 gilEri^SAT. Thursday— 25c t 50c. 1
¦ Last Week of
MR. JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY '
'-. Presenting the Funny Farce,
SEATS READY.
Next Attraction June 29.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE ¦ ~
And His Excellent Company of Players,
Presenting on an Elaborate Scale
"FRANCESCA DA RIMINI." ' ¦
SEATS THURSDAY.
FiSCher's Theater.
THE 7~RECORD
ONLY I BREAKER
'MIDDLE DEE DEE;"
a" triumph indeed.
To-morrow (Monday) . . night begins the
.Twelfth - Week, and .there - Is no abatement in
the. marvelous demand for seats.
Glven to a11 who attend the
•.WUIUIinj one • Hundredth -Performance
,To-morrow ¦ Night.
, It , May Be Your Last Chance.
W/s . are . preparing . for < the next great triple
bill and may take off "FIBDLE DEE DEE"
at any moment. ¦tflggpRvMHE
Night prices, . 25c and 50c. Matinees Satur-
day and Sunday. 25c. Children at matinees, lOo.
Many hair preparations are "fake" be-
cause they are merely scalp irritants.
They often ; cause a , dry ness, ! making the
hair brittle, and, finally, lifeless. Dan-
druff is the cause of all trouble with hair.
It is a g-erm. disease.- The germ makes
cuticle scales" as it digs to .the root of, the
hair,* where^ it destroys ,the hair's vitality ,'
causing the"_ hair to fall out. To cure dan-
druff, the germ must be killed. "Destroy
the i'cause,. you remove the ! effect." • New-
bro's , Herpicide Is the only hair^ prepara-
tion * that kills , the dandruff gerin, l there-,
by leaving the ' hair to grow luxurian 1 1 y.
to Fall Out.
Do Hair No Good, But Often Cause It
FAKE j HAIB PREPARATIONS
GLOAR and SUIT HOUSE
HIGH-CLASS GARMENTS
WHOLESALE COST.
The very latest styles only at Prices
.not before equaled this season.
TAIIX>R-M APE SUITS-
TAN COVERT CLOTH SUITS, silk mohair lined throughout BLACK
AND NAVY VENETIAN SUITS, Taffeta Silk lined throughout.
. BLACK AND NAVY IMPORTED CHEVIOT SUITS, with ex-
tra Taffeta* Silk Drop Skirts, high-class tailoring, perfect . fit guaran-
teed; former price $27.50 and $30.00; On sale Monday and followinc
days at : ?2O.OO
OXFORD BLUE AND BROWN TAILOR SUITS, with double Krad-
uating flounce skirt, jacket with velvet shawl collar. NAVY BLUE
VENETIAN TAILOR SUITS, with Peau de Soie < : shawl collar,
fancy trimmed : graduating flounce skirt, superior finish, former price
$20.00, reduced to $15.00
84 ODD SUITS, assorted styles, assorted colors, some plain, others
trimmed; value $12.50, $iS.oo and $16.50. All on sale at ?1O.OO
20 NOVELTY SAMPLE SUITS, highest skill of artistic tailoring;
value $45.00 vand $50.00. On sale at $35. OO
TAN, CASTOR AND BLACK JACKETS, heavy satin lined through-
out, the new inverted tucked seams; full value $10.00. Reduced to
L.... $7.50
55-INCH NOVELTY BISHOP COATS, heavy satin lined, with Peau
de Soie shawl collar, velvet trimmed ; $25.00 quality on sale at
$17.5O
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
ADVERTISElilENTS.
1 Dry Goods *vjSgl^ Company. I
1"^ ¥ T f^* C^ Bundsher, s
£ &J* I I ¥ — ' £
§ I^^J Vjl^Jo Wilton, Oriental. |
% ORIENTAL RUGS— Warranted all pure wool, now ready for in- £?
§ spectlon— are replete with novelties in rich colorings,, and Q
jg showingr styles and finish Incomparable. g
§ Sizes 26xse inches 3x5 feet 4x6 feet. , S
g $3.25 55.5O $9.50. 8
g FRENCH WILTON and BUNDSHER RUGS— Of finest quality, 36x g
W 65 inches, in handsome and quaint designs, marked at a price X
X to clear out immediately. * «
g 35. SO and $7.5O. 8
I ODD LOTS CURTAINS. I
§ RUFFLED CURTAINS — 175 BOBEINET CURTAINS-In all §
S pairs of striped and dotted ef- the S4.OO and $5.OO broken «
S fects, full size, from the $1.5O lines, in handsome styles, are Q
S and $1.75 grades to C| jc to be marked and ff» es en S
8 close at a pair ••_••••• ** II * CJ cleared out at. a pair «P«'» 4O*JU O
« RUFFLED CURTAINS-Rlbbon HEMSTITCHED RUFFLED — O
q bow effects, 3 yards long? all Colored border curtains, with 8
§ that ratniins from last week's bedspreads to match, will be S
» sale will be lumped and nn- markedthlsweeke^r tfj« «
g closed at. pair VUC at. pair... }MJ,}Ca
I COUCH COVERS. 1
S BAGDAD and ORIENTAL EFFECTS— In extra large sizes (5x9 «
8 feet) in varied patterns not shown heretofore, a complete line »
S to offer at \v
g $3.75, 34, 35, $6 and $7.5O Each. «
1 All our Triramei Hats are marked down to HALF THE GRI'.INAL PRICES. |
8 CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, |
Geary and StocVtoa Streets, Union Square. 8
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVEBTISE1TENTS.
H Makes Skins Lighter. Clearer. Parer I
H ANTIDOKS BLEMISHES
(I The clear, firm complexion of youth \
L Is "coaxed back" by Anita Cream. 3
ra Applied at nijrht and removed in I
H me morning, thus Jmparting the full |
H benefits of its medicinal nature. Re- i
la moves Tan. Freckles. Muddlness. I
(3 Pimples, Moth and Liver Spots. I
H Directions with each jar. 50c of |
ri druggists or of us, prepaid. |
I ANITA CREAM & TOILET COMPANY
|S Los Angeles, CaL !/THE PRINCIPAL OFFICERS OF
THE SUPREME LODGE OF THE
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
LADIES' AUXILIARY.
There will be a public installation of the
recently elected officers of the Ladies'
Auxiliary of the Young Men's Hebrew-
Association in the gymnasium of tho
parent association at 305 Larkin street on
the evening of the 24th. The ceremony
will be followed by an entertainment
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
The Quickest and most convenient way In
and out of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to-;
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
a»e in Yosemite to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 611 Market
street, for Illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. • .. •
Charged With Burglary.
C. H. Malina, who was arrested Friday
in the Adams building, 706 Kearny street,
ltad three charges of burglary \ booked
against him at the City Prison yesterday.
He admits having stolen articles from the
rooms of W. S. Fulton, A. Kachmacher,
William Bravender and Alfred W. Mc-
Queen; the thefts extending over several
weeks.
Appointed officers — Rev. Peter Powers, grand
chaplain; George W. Wilson, grand orator;
Robert J. Fletcher, grand lecturer; ' Thomas
Smith, grand marshal ; Ed Jones, grand stand-
Elected officers — M. W., JosephvS. Hatton,
grand master; R. W., George A.. Wrenn, deputy
grand master;. R. W., B. E. Robinson, senior
grand warden; R. W., William Davis. Junior
grand warden; R. W., George W. Mitchell,
grand treasurer; R. W., Frank W. Jack3on,
grand secretary.
An application for a charter of consti
tution from B. F. Talbot Lodge, U. D.,
of Lcs Angeles was issued.
By resolution of Mr. Summers of Aca
cia Lodge No. 22, the most worthy grand
master was presented with the srold cup,
suitably engraved, used in the ceremony
of laying the cornerstone of the African
Methodist Episcopal Church on the 3d
inst. as a testimonial of esteem and in
high appreciation of his services as retir
ing grand master. r
The following named elected and ap
pointed officers were installed for the
current term by Past Grand Master
E. A. Clarke, assisted by Past Grand
Master R. J. Fletcher:
At the session of the M. W. S.
Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Ma
sons, the grand body composed of colored
men, recently held at Marysvllle, the fol
lowing named were appointed a commit
tee to revise and amend the grand con
stitution: George W. Wilson, Laurel
Lodge; Edward Jones, King Solomon
Lodge; R. J. Fletcher, Eureka, Lodge;
George A. Wrenn, St. John's Lodge, and
F. W. Jackson, Victoria Lodge.
COLORED FREE MASONS.
Next Sunday the Choppers' Friendship
Club, the sick benefit auxiliary of the
Woodmen of the World, will have its ex
cursion to and picnic at Fernbrook Park
From the programme that has been pre
pared by the committee ot arrangements,
the Prospects are that all who will go
and the indications are that there will be
a J", g crowd » will have a most enjoyable
California Camp of the Woodmen of
the World will install its new officers in
public on the night of the 14th of July.
Prince^ Lawrence Vincent of the commit
tee of arrangements, while on a visit to
Golden Gate Camp, which has a member
ship of 1700, extended an invitation to that
membership to attend the Installation
and partake of the hospitality that is to
be provided. Somebody suggested that
that was a big contract for a young camp
to undertake— that of providing for so
large a membership. The prince replied
that the membership need not worry on
that score, as there is a possibility of a
miracle being performed by California
Camp, as was once performed when a
multitude was fed with seven loaves and
as many fishes.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
Court Bournemouth of the Ancient Or
der of Foresters on the night of the 19th
inst. visited Court Knarsborough of Oak
land and after the routine business there
was an adjournment. Then there was a
march to the banquet hall, where a ban
quet was partaken of by about eighty.
There was much good : cheer . and re
sponses to toasts. : - -. -j
.Court Ivanhoe at its last held meetirsl
received a large number of petitions and
has now seventeen to act upon. New of
ficers were elected for the ensuing term.
High Chief Hanger Sanford Is visiting
courts in Mendoclno County. He will be
In this city on the 27th inst. to attend
a session of the board of deputies. '
. Court Mount St. Helena was visited on
the 17th inst. by High Secretary Roberts.
He delivered an address and congratulated
the court on receiving several applica
tions. /•
The courts in Stockton will take part
In the Fourth' of July parade.
The Ancient Forester, successor of the
California Advocate, the official organ,
has made its appearnce. It is published
tn Ukiah.
ANCIENT ORDER FORESTERS.
The local lodges of the Knights of
Honor, together with the resident mem
bers of the advisory board, are laying
the foundation for a grand Initiation to
be held in this city oh the night of the
10th of September. A committee was ap
pointed to prepare a plan and to report
at a meeting to be held in the Alcazar
on the evening of Saturday next.
Yerba Buena and Liberty lodges will
jointly tender a reception in the social
hall of the Alcazar building on the even
ing of the 30th inst. in honor of the re
turn to this city of Maxwell Crowe and
Ben I. Salomon, California's representa
tives, from the Supreme Lodge. There
will be an address of welcome home, a
literary programme and dancing.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR,
The following named, elected as officers
of Sherwood Circle of the Companions of
the Forest for the ensuing term, will be
installed on Wednesday/the 16th of July,
by Deputy Supreme Chief Companion
Mrs. M. Harvey and the board of depu
ties: iMrs. M. A. O'Brien, worthy chief;
Mrs. v. Rentscheller, sub-chief; Mrs. E.
Ferguson, treasurer; Mrs. K. M. Howard,
financial secretary; Mrs. M. Dakin,. re
cording secretary; Mrs. H. Sullivan, right
guide ;_ Miss Alice O'Keefe, left guide;
Mrs. E. C. Dunn, inner guard; Miss K.
Bridgewood, outer guard; Mrs. A. von
LInderman, pianist. This circle will give
its nineteenth monthly social on the 6th
of July in the social hall of the Foresters'
building. s t
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
The tribes and' councils of this city and
Alameda and SanMateo counties. will hold
a joint patriotic celebration and picnic at
Glen Park on the 4th of July.
White Eagle Tribe celebrated its tin
anniversary in Maennerbund Hall last
night by an entertainment and ball. •
Moncopah Tribe at its last held council
adopted fifteen palefaces, the members of
the new tribe performing the adoption
work. Altahmos Tribe's team conferred
the warrior's degree and a team from
Montezuma Tribe conferred the chief's
degree.
During the' past week Miantonoman
Tribe and Yosemite Tribe had work in
the adoption degree and Sotoyome Tribe
received two applications.
Last week Great Sachem Boyes visited
Stockton and paid a fraternal visit to
tribe and - council and then went to
Angels, where he paid an official visit to
the tribe there. _
Oneida Council of the Degree of Poco
hontas will give a free open social to its
members and friends in its. hall On the
night of Thursday, the 26th inst. There
is to be a good programme of entertain
ment and then a dance. :
Great Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss
is absent, instituting tribes In Bakersfleld,
Pasadena and other sections of the south.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
The following named officers have been
installed as the officers of Britannia Lodge
of the Daughters of St. George for the
current term, the installing officer being
Mrs. M, A. Brady of Golden Gate Lodge
of Oakland: E. Goss, past president; R.
Lund, president; J. Beauford, vice presi
dent; R. Meadows, financial secretary; F.
Beauford, recording secretary; G. Muhl
ner, treasurer; L. D. Staples, chaplain:
A. J. Cotton, first conductor; R. C. Find
ley, second conductor; L. Green, inside
guard; M. A. Corder, outside guard.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
On the 28th inst. a new temple of the D.
O. K. K. will be put in the field at Reno,
Nev. Brigadier General H. Schaffner will
assist at the mustering in. f. .
A new company of the Uniform Rank
is being organized at Palo Alto and It will
assist in the mustering in. •¦ ¦ ¦
Eureka Lodge of this city held a very
interesting meeting last Friday evening.
The occasion was the initiation of five
candidates in the rank of page and the
election of officers. The following are
those elected for the ensuing term: C. C,
George F. Reck; V. C, George H. Broder
son; P., Fred Klein; M. of W., John Good
man; K. of R. and S.', John W. C. Beattle;
M/of F., E. S. Belknap; M. of E., Charles
Oman; M. of A., George F. Dahlberg; I.
G., William Cronan; O. G., John Mahany;
trustee, F. O. 'Raabe; lodge' physician,
Dr. Nathan Roeers.
A n<?w regiment of the Uniform Rank
will be soon formed in this jurisdiction
and v it will embrace the companies located
at Eureka, Ferndale, Dixon, Healdsburg,
Napa, Ukiah. Vallejo and Woodland. At
a meeting to be held in Ukiah the officers
of the new organization will be selected.
A new lodge of the order will shortly
bo instituted by Grand Chancellor Trask
at Whittier.
In anticipation of the possible visits
from 'knights from cities outside of the
State the', local lodges are perfecting
themselves in the .work of the order in
the amplified or long form. Last Thurs
day-night Unity conferred the knight rank
in that form on a number of esquires.
Eureka conferred it on five esquires, and
next Wednesday Bay s City Lodge will
in the same form. - *
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The monthly social evening of Pickwick
Lodge of the Sons of St. George was well
attended and a very Interesting and en
joyable and pleasing programme was pre
sented. There were vocal selections by
Messrs. Carrens, Coates, Potter, William
son, Cathcar and Goldstein, and addresses
by H. Digby Johnston, LL.D., and Mr.
Hathaway. Dr. Johnston in his address
said, among other things: "This calls" to
mind the assertions that this struggle In
South Africa would bring about the dis
organization of the British Empire. How
woefully mistaken they have been! The
outcome of this war had been'the joining
together in bonds that no power on earth
can sever not only of the sympathies of
Englishmen, Scotchmen and . Irishmen,
but of .the empire beyond the sea, Can
ada, Australia, New Zealand, parts of the
empire separated from the mother land
by. thousands of miles of ocean, who had
shown by their enthusiastic support, of
the old land in its time of trouble that
the hearts of all those who dwelt under
the shadow of the dear old flag beat In a
mighty unison that no combination of
Britain's enemies could destroy." During
the evening a collation and refreshments
were served. ¦ -
SONS OF ST. GEORGE.
given in the banquet hall of the Native
Sons* building a few evenings since, which
was attended by nearly 300 persons. The
programme was very entertaining -and
greatly appreciated and the dancing all
that could be desired. The chalrlady of
the general committee and floor manager
was Miss THlie Rothman, and those who
assisted her were: Mrs. T. Mar go, assist
ant floor manager; Mrs. A.- Michelson,
Mrs. E. J. Steinweg, Mrs. N. Hill. Mrs. S.
Carter and Mesdamea Rivers, Gold and
PylQve. ; i ¦.'¦'.
ard bearer; J. W ' Green, grand sword bearer;
E. Cooper, grand Bible bearer; Thad A. Brown,
grand senior "deacon; A E. Wright, grand
Junior deacon; C. W. Holden, grand senior
steward; J. H. Hlckerson, grand junior stew
ard; G. H. Woodside, grand pursuviant; W. H.
Blake, grand organist; AH. Henderson, grand
tyler. ,.
AS COLD IN ANTE=ROOMS OF LODGES
THE SA]^ FRANCISCO CALL, SUKDA^, JUNE 22, 1902.
Bay City Circle of the Companions of
the Forest of America on the evening-6f
the 16th inst. honored Its .financial secre
tary, Mrs. Helena Worms, who was re
.cently elected grand chief companion of
the order by acclamation. The circle ten
dered her a reception and supper in the
banquet hall of the Native Sons' building 1 ,
and after congratulations and- dancing
the party, numbering eighty-four, includ
ing all the resident grand officers and
several of the past grand officers, partook
of an excellent supper. At the termina
tion of the supper J. Brockman, the toast
master, called on a number of those pres
ent to speak on any subject they might
select. The guest of honor was received
with applause and cheers, and she said,
after thanking the members of the cir
cle, that she would strive to cdnduct.her
office so that at the close of the term the'
membership of Bay City will feel as
proud of her as they have In the past.
The other speakers were Supreme" Sub-
Chief Companion Mrs. Atwood, ' Past
Grands Mrs. Duke and Mrs. McLeuth,
Grand Treasurer . Mrs,: Kemp Van Ee,
Grand Recording Secretary Mrs. Connell,
Grand Inside Guard Mrs. O'Callaghan,
Grand Trustee Mrs. Beverson, Dr. W' A.
Atwood, all the officers of the. circle^ and
several others. The affair, a very delight
ful, one, was managed; by the
cemmittee: Miss Rose Walmer, chair
man; and Companions Brockman, Roth,
Offer. Gottshall, Fremont, Goodman and
P. Worms,
Past Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
i Emma Agnes Harrington is spending her
vacation in camp near Watsonvllle: .
New Century Club, composed of , the
members of New Century Circle, will give
its first annual family reunion and picnic
at Buena Vista Park, Sausalito, on Sun
day next. There: will be music dancing
and games.: '
'An entertainment.' farce and dance were
AMERICAN COMPANIONS.
THE REBEKAHS.
On the night of the 27th inst. "A Nighc
in Mexico" will be given in Excelsior
Hall under the auspices of Mission Re
bekah Lodge. , This will be something
novel. Friends and patrons who have
been invited to attend have been asked
to appear in Mexican costumes if possi
ble. There will be Mexican music, Mexican
eongs, Mexican dancing and Mexican re
freshments.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge No. 90 will give
a perty on the night of the 25th Inst In
its hall. It will be the last of the present
term and it will be a general Jollification
A fishpond will be one of the features of
the affair. The officers of this lodge will
be installed In public on the night of the
2d of July, when Miss Josephine Wal
worth. the noble grand, and other offi
cers-elect and appointed officers will be
inducted Into office.
Loyal Rebekah Lodge has arranged for
a "loan art exhibit" In Its lodge room on
the night of the 30th inst. The ladies in
charge expect to have a very handsome
Display.
NATIONAL UNION.
The San Francisco Cabinet paid an offi
cial visit last night to San Francisco
Council. There was a pood attendance of
the members and the meeting proved an
The twenty-fifth anniversary of the
founding of the Royal Arcanum will be
appropriately celebrated by the several
San Francisco councils at Golden Gate
Hall to-morrow evening. A new one act
play, "Because He Loved Her So," writ
ten by M. S. de Roco, past regent of
Argonaut Council, will be produced for
the first time on any stage. "Sweet
Dream Faces," a pathetic story of home
life told in one act, will also be produced
by a professional cast. Grand Regent
G. Gunzendorfer will deliver an address
appropriate to the occasion. Songs by
Miss Mignon Judson, soprano, and
J. H. Davies, baritone. Bennett's orches
tra has been secured to furnish music
for the dancing that will follow. "
Golden West Council, at its last held
meeting, received one application, and was
also vi?ited officially by the grand re
gent, G. Gunzendorfer, accompanied by
District DeDUties M. S. de Roco, A H
Merrill, G. H. Bartlett and W. V. N. Bay.
Deputy Grand Regent Lang- of Buffalo, N.
Y., and several other visiting members
were present and favored the audience
with interesting remarks.
Buena Vista Council initiated three
members at its last meeting and received
tM-o applications. Grand Regent Gunzen
dorfer reported increased interest being
manifested in all /he councils of Cali
fornia. Several visiting members from
city and nearby councils were present and
all made encouraging talks.
The establishment of councils at Santa
ROYAL ARCANTTM.
Court Zenith will celebrate the fifteenth
anniversary of its institution on the 25th
inst. by an entertainment and oocial in
the social hall of the Alcazar building.
Among those who will take part in the
entertainment are Miss Mabel Jackson,
Professor Walter Clarkson's Mandolin
and Guitar Club; the Misses Upham and
Houlihan, vocalists; Master Roy Rogers,
Charles Cohn and the Mascerino broth
ers.
Court Richmond gave an entertainment
and ball in Franklin Hall last night and
the affair was a success. There was a
pleasing programme and a good number
of dances. During the evening the hall
was visited by Grand Chief Ranger E. I.
."Wolfe, who delivered an eloquent and
interesting talk on the order and called
attention to the monster initiation the
Foresters will have on the loth of August.
Jacob Label, editor and publisher of
the. American Forester Review, returned
last Wednesday from * Denver, Colo.,
where he attended a session of the Grand
Court of that State. The grand body
made hi» paper the official organ of that
jurisdiction, and as he "was ieavingit
presented him a large silver pitcher and
goblet as a token of its appreciation of
what he had done in the past to advance
the Interests of the organization in Colo
rado.
Court 'Farallon of Ocean. View gave its
tenth anniversary entertainment and ball
in Wolff's' Hall last night. Thare was a
large attendance of the residents of that
section of the city, and all enjoyed an in
teresting programme and dance.
, Court Seal Rock No. 45, Foresters of
America, elected the following officers, to
be installed on Thursday evening, July 3:
Joseph Gallagher, chief ranger; H. Lange,
sub-chief ranger; H. J.. Willis (re-elect
ed),' recording secretary; J. W. Holm, se
nior woodward; Otto Johnson, junior
weedward; Gustave Anderson, senior bea
dle; J. C. Taisen, junior beadle; Professor
E. W. Jacobs, lecturer. This court will
give a pound package party in its hall in
the Pythian Castle on the night of the 3d
of July, and the indications are that It
will be a very enjoyable affair. The so
cial club of this court will have a grand
picnic at Schuetzen Park on the 3d of
August, when there will be games and
races for old and young and many prizes
will be distributed. ' ' ¦
Court Sunflower of the Foresters of
America on the night of the 17th gave its
first anniversary dance in the social hall
of the Alcazar building, and the member
ship, with lady relatives and friends, at
tended In large numbers. There was a
well arranged programme of dances, and
all were of the opinion that Sunflower's
first party was a decided success. The af
fair was managed by the following
named committee: S. Gotfeld, M. Silver
stein, J. Stein, M. Aronsen and A, R.
Schwartz.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
El Capitan Council at its last held ses
sion found itself with several of its offi
cers on the sick list, yet with the assist
ance of Deputy Bunting, Senators Cuth
fctrt and Maass and Ex-President Joseph
A. Wilson, two candidates were initiated
in a most creditable manner.
Pacific Council Is congratulating itself
upon the fact that its very efficient and
hard working member, Henry W. Maass,
was chosen at the recent session of the
assembly to fill the office of third senator
from California. He will shortly leave for
Xlagara Falls and will be under the tute
lage of Senator Cuthbert, who will make
him wise in the manner In which busi
ness is conducted in the senate of the or
der.
made it pleasant for the visitors and he
saw that they were hospitably enter
tained. »
interesting one. A. K. Kingsford of Call-
Corma Council was the principal speaker
on behalf of the visiiing body. Secretary
E. H. Hills, the rustler for the council,
"Argonaut Council will hold its next
meeting on the 30th inst., at which time
it is expected to have five candidates
ready for initiation. The meeting of June
23 has been postponed in order not to
conflict with the celebration of "Arcanum
day." Much interest is being manifested
by the members of this, the pioneer coun
cil of the Pacific ICoast.
Rosa and Santa Cruz will shortly be
taken up by the grand regent. Able
deputies will be sent to each of the towns
named to expedite the work. Other in
land cities and towns will then receive at
tention in the forming of new councils.
Presidio Lodge has forsaken its quarters
in Stemake Hall and taken a hall in the
Ode Fellows' buildins. It has also
changed its meeting night from Thursdav
tc Friday.
Grand Master Gill will make the first
of his official visitations on the 5th of
July, commencing with the lodge at Cay
ucos. He will then visit the lodges in San
Luis Obispo and vicinity.
D. A. Hagans having* been appointed a
deputy of xhe grand master, has resigned
as an officer of Templar Lodge. J. M.
Queen has been elected a trustee of the
1« dge.
ODD FELLOWSHIP.
At the last held session of King Solo
mon Chapter there was initiatory work
which was followed by a banquet. In
the absence of the worthy matron, who
was suffering from a severe cold, the
associate matron, Sophie Athearn, pre
sided. Mrs. Baehr, the matron, is in the
country for the benefit of her health.
Olive Branch Chapter will have an In
teresting meeting to-morrow night in Its
headquarters in Elks' Hall.
A new chapter is in process of organi
zation at Beckwith and it will be insti
tuted in a short time.
Mission Chapter had an Interesting
meeting on the 14th inst. There were
many members present as well as officers
and members of other chapters, to witness
the initiation of several candidates. A
banquet followed the ceremonies.
San Francisco Chapter at its last ses
sion elected eight candidates; and Golden
Gate Chapter elected one to membership.
This chapter will at its next meeting
have a pleasant hour after the session.
This being the vacation season and
many of the members of the order of
the Eastern Star being in the country en
joying their summer outing, the attend
ance at the chapter meetings at this time
is not as large as usual.
"EASTERN STAR.
Resolved. That all parlors are requested to
report in writing to the said committee the
results of their labors not later than thh-ty
cays prior to the assembling: of the Grand
Parlor at its session In 1903, and that It shall
be the duty of said committee to make a com
prehensive report to the Grand Parlor at that
cession showing the measures adopted and the
results accomplished during the year.
Resolved. That proper proceedings be taken
at this session of the Grand Parlor for the
appointment of a standing committee on the
development of the resources of the" State,
whose duty It shall be to promote any and all
undertakings which. In its Judgment, "are most
expedient f4r the advancement of the material
Interests of the State, the committee being em
powered to consult and act with other organ
izations which have similar objects ir> view and
to advise subordinate parlors upon ''these mat
ters.
. Resolved, That the Grand Parlor especially
urges, in behalf of the manufacturing and pro
ducing industries of the State, upon the
gTowth of which the prosperity of the people
eo largely depends, that means be employed
by this order to bring about a greater, home
consumption of home products.
Resolved, That the Grand Parlor here as
sembled earnestly recommends to all subordin
ate Darlors and to all members of the order
that they heartily co-operate in this patriotic
movement; that every parlor not having already
appointed a committee on home industries (So
so at an early date and that all parlors use
their best efforts to aid in accomplishing the
purposes in view.
Whereas, Many parlors of this order have re
cently appointed committees on home Indus
tries with the view of considering and taking
action upon such matters; be it
Whereas. It is held by this order to be among
its highest privileges and duties to aid. In all
suitable ways, the material progress of the
State of California and the advancement of the
prosperity of its people, and
Whereas, The public spirited action of the
press, of the commercial organizations and of
citizens generally is causing an awakening of
the people of the State to the great opportuni
ties that now exist for the rapid development
of our resources, and
The following were the resolutions in
troduced by Miss Keith and Past Grand
President Mrs. Ema Gctt relating to the
material progress of the State, and which
were also adopted:
Resolved, That the subordinate parlors be In
vited to give to i-he children so enrolled an an
nual birthday party, with a view to impressing
them with their right to belong to the orders
of either the Native Sons of the Golden West
or the Native Daughters of the Golden West.
Resolved. That each subordinate be invited to
keep a birth bock In which shall be enrolled
all children born to the members, with the
date rfnd place of nativity; and be it further
Whereas, The Native Daughters of the Gold
en West .Hands for the preservation of records;
be it
MT the recent session of the
Grand Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West
the following resolutions, pre
sented by the Grand Vice
President Miss E. J. Keith
and Past Grand President
Lona H. Mills, were adopted:
34
EAY AND EIVEB STEAMEB&
FonTsTNAvTYARi) and' vallejo.
Steamer; GEN. FRISBIE or M0NTICELL9
8:45 a. m., 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fan S(l
cents, Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. , •-
EAILWAY TRAVEL.
OCEAIT STEAMEBS^
pacific Coast Steamship Co.
fe, ' . - . Steamers leave San Fraw-
VSS^ clsco as follows:
K^Wbji-' For Ketchikan. Juneau,
l§g£s5»s-_ Skagway, etc.. Alaskar— 11 a.
: K?^*?^!?^ m., June 15. 20. 25, 30, July
i FSS,Si4 V^i B - 10 - 15 - Change to com-
i S»i£sr t *!'«i*ll pany's steamers at Seattle.
! P&&&m&A For / Victoria. Vancouver.
II a. m-./u^^^fs'-cfrnpiny^.^te^me^
Change at Seattle 10 w> a t g ea tUe or Ta-
for Alaska and G. N- «^ o a uver to a P. By.
¦W^wta ?Humb0ldt = B«n -1:30 p. ...
Junkie. 21 26 July 1. £ "^ « An^ e .
R^ond^f iTDleW^anta Barbara-
lr TIC a KET OmCE-4 New Montgomery
£t c et D P DUNANN eI) Gen. Passenger Agent.
OR & N- CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to AU
Points East. Through Tickets 1 to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
ZiOIVSlsa 1 BA.TB8.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meal*.
S3 COLUMBIA Sails. .June 22. July 2. 12^ 23
BS GEO. W. ELDER Salli..June 27.
SteSner sails from foot of BpeaMt. U *. m.
D W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y.S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
SS NIPPON MARU Thursday. July 24, 1903
6 S. AMERICA.MAHU.......^...^..^
compos .f&
421 Market '^e^cor^Fjrst^^ A^
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO,
And Cia Sud Americana de Yaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, CmiIMI
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA July lfGUATEMALA...Aujr. 2
PERU .... ...... July^23 COLOMBIA.... Aug. 15
These' steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California st.
BALFOUR. QUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
ACtfinlCS 5£0.S^23W5
UVVmilV <y.O» Wo owEorLmEToTAHirt
s"s"~" ZEALANDIA, for Honolulu
, Monday, June 23, 2 p. m.
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
' and Sydney.... Thursday, July 3. 10 a. m.
SS AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;••••"••
1 ...Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
J. D. SPBICKILS & BfiOS.Ca, BflUnl A2tS., 329 MUlBt
Gm'l Pass, omen. 643 Maftet Si, Plsr li 7. Paclfle 3t.
COMPAONIE GENERALS TBAN3ATLANTIQUS.
DlitECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Ealllng every Thursday, Instead of <k^^
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, uliiniiiM
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI * CO., Paclno Coait
Agents, fi Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Ralload Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORX. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Kenslng'n.July 1, 2 pmlPhila. ...July 9. 10 am
St. Louis. July 2, 10 ami St. Paul, July 16, 10 am
ItED STAR LIXE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Zeeland... July 6, noonlVaderl'd, July 19, noon
Friesland.July 12, noonlKroonl'd, July 26, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. '
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Llm'dl H
Local Mon&j Local OVrl'd
Daily Thurs | Daily Daily
Lv San Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8-00 p
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11-15 d
" Merced... 2:35p 1:17 p l;30 a
" Fresno... 4:lOp 2:35 p 3:15 a
" Hanford.. 5:68 p 3:27 p ...... 8:05 a
" Visalia... 5:38 p 5 : oo a
" B'kersfd. 8:10p 6:20p 7 : 35a
" KanCIty 2:31a 8*02 a
" Chicago 2:15p| .. 8:47 p
a for morning, p for afternoon. *
9:00 a. m. Daily ,ls^ Bakersfleld Local
stopping at all points In San Joaquln Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a m.
daily. • l
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is th»
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-"
Ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-clasa passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday
4:20 p. m. is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express' with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper's and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago- also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 d m"
dally. -. .'
Offices— 641 Market street and in Ferry
OakUi'nd Kranclsco 5 1112 Broadway,
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Snu.tallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:45. »7:45, 8:45, 9:30. 11:00
a. m., 12:20. »1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. «6:15
6:45, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0, 8:00, »9:00, *10:C0, 11-00
11:30 a. m.. 12:30, M:30, 2:30, »3:45. 5:C0 6O0'
7:30, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. ' *
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 3:20, »6:20. 7:40, 8:15 »9-3o
ll-.COa. m.. 12:25, 2:15, *3:30, 4:40. 5:30 e : 45 #
10:15 d. m. . " *
SUNDAYS— 6:00. .•8:00, 9:30. »110O a m
•12:00 m., 1:00. 2:15. »3:30, 4:15, »5-43 VTi!
7:30, 10:15 p. m. •» * "¦* - *
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40, 7:45, 8:25 « -45
11:10 a. m., 12:35. 2c45. 3:iO, 5:10, 5:20 7 : 10*
10:V5 o. m. / >*' '
SUNDAYS— 6:30, 7:55, 10:05, U:io a m
12:15, 1:20. 2:30. 3:45, 5:00. 6:05. 7:15, 10'ii
V ' m THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday tlrce.
BAIIiWAY TBAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
ginln. Line. Foot of M:*rlv»:t Street )
tjt*v» "FkojLJ^.?-^- la ° 2 " ~ A * ltlv:t ,
""7.00a llenlcla, Siiuun, Elmlr* *nil Sacra-
menu.) •••• ••• S'c2 ?
7 00* Vncavllle. Wlnten. Ruin»ey........ 7.5a*
7 30a SUrtlncx. S;.u Kamon. Vullejo.
• ¦ >»pa. C«lUtu(t». Santa Ko*it...... 62a?
8 00a Da\l».Woo<llar.a. Knljcnt* LaucIInR.
iUrysvllU-. Uruvlllu vu--;- 1 |f *
8 00 A Atlantic Kxprea*- Uinlfn «ad Eu«t. 8.25a
IIoOa Nile*. Lnthrup. Stockton........... 7 Z* r
8 C0a Nllts. MeuUoia. Hanlortt, \lsallx.
Portervlile :.v,; ;i " 4 55 '
8 30a ShaiU En.r««i — Unvl«, \MitUmi
' (for Bartlett Spring*), A\ Illown,
Hod Bluff, l'ortland 7.5a?
8 30a S»u Jo»e. LIveruiore. Stockion,
lone, Sacramento. riacervlUe.
Marysvllle. Chlco. Ued Bluff 4.25?
8,33a Oalcaale.CUlnese.Sonora.Tuolmnne 4-2Sy
000a Vallejo l2.2a*
b"00a Los Angel«-» Kxpreas— Mnrtlacz.
• ¦:¦*" xruty. Lathrop.Stoclcton,.Merced.
Kayuiouii.Krfsnoand LusAaiceles 8-23a
q Vallejo. Martluez ami Way sialiuus 7-55?
1000a llaywarJ. JWI« *««» Way Swt!on«.tl2.55l>
10 00* The orerland Llinltea - Osden.
Ueaver. Omsha. Chli:a(io 525?
+1 OOP Sacramento Klvrr Steamers tH.OCp
SOOr Benlcla. Wlntirn. Sacramento.
3. 00 r ue^^- 1)ln(lf wm!llins . Willow.,
Knight* Landlnc Mary»vllie.
Orovllle 10 55*
3 30r Hayward. Nll«» »n>l W ay Swtknw., 7 55-
400P M»rtlnez.Saui:aiiion.\»lleJo.Nap»,
CalUtoga. Santa ll.>**... ...... .... 925*
A DOr Nlle». LIvennore, Stockton. Lodl.. 1225p
A30p Hayward.Niles.San-Jose.Llvennore t8.5oA
¦4Z0e The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
"•T M f Bakerifteld. Sangui for Santa
Barbara, Loa Ange!e».. .......... 8.55a
BOOp PortCoita,Tracy.Lathrop,Stockton 1025*
1 OOP Martinez. Antloch. Stockton. Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fretno 12 23?
B.30r Nllet Local 725a
600P Hayward.NIlesandSanJoM....... 7.55a
6.00P Vallejo. •¦•••• 11 2Sa
6 00p Oriental Mall— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago....... 4-25*
7 dOr San Pablo. Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Station*.....-. 1125*
±7.00* Vallejo 7-65*
- 8 OSr Oregon * California Express— Sac-
rainento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland, Puget Sound and Bait. 8 55%
t9.1Qy Hayward and Xllei tii.55*
COAST LINE (.Urrow «»age).
(Foot of Market Street.)
17.45a Santa Cruz Excursion t8.C5»
8.15a Newark, Centervllle, San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50?
t2-15P Newark, Centervllle, San Jote.
New Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Santa Cruz and Principal
, Way Stations 10.50a,
4.1Bp Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos....... t850A
64.15? San Jose. Los duos. Santa Cruz... 1-3.50*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. "
From SAN KRAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip g)
— t?:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 6.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +«:0O is-.aA
t3:05 10:00a.m. 12 00 200 400p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad «» B? «). "*
' (Third and Townsend Streets.) ;
610a San Jose and Vr'ay Stations 630i^
+7. 00a San Jose and Way Stations 730i»
/7.00a New Almaden /410^
{7.16a Monterey Excurstoa JS.JCi*
8.00a Coait Line Limited — San Jose,
Gl!roy,Holllster, Salinas. SaaLui
Obispo, Santa Barbara. Los Ange-
les and Principal Intermediate
Stations 10.459
9.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Paclfle Grove, Salinas. Ban Lnlt
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30a San Joie and Way Stations 8.3Sa
11.30a SanJose.LosGatosandWayStatlons 5.30*
«1.30? Ran Jose and Way Stations a700?
t2.00P San Jose and Way Stations 18.00a
13. 00p Del Monte Express— Only stops San
Jose t12.01»
5.30p San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa- Clara, San Jose, Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and Pacific
Grove 10.45a
4-30p San Jose and PrtaclpalWay Stations 1.3Qp
t5.00P San Jose. Los Gatos tad Principal
Way Stations MJ.OOa
5-30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 10.00a
IS.15p San Mateo, Belmont. Redwood,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto tS.48A
6.30p San Jose and Way Stations 6-3Sa
7.00p New Orleana Express — San- Lnls
Obtspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
peles. Demist;. El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East...... 10.15*
»11.45PPalo Alto and Way Stations +9 45?
«11-45p San Jose and Way Stations $9.48p
A for Monil3g. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. e Monday only.
6 Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only^ » Dally except Satarday._
CUIFOflflU NORTHWESTERN RY. CJ
LESSEES
SAS FBANCISCO ANJ N03H PWirii
„, RAILWAY CO3IPAAY.
Tlburon Kerry, Foot ot Market St.
SAX FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— 8:00 0:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
6:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAX RAFAEL, TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:15
a. m. ; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:40, 11:15 a. m. : 1:40. 3:40.
4:55, 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive.
San Frandsco] May 4, 1902. |3an Franclaco
Week I Sun- | Destin- • I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | tlon. [ days. | Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignacto 9:10 a 8:40*ai
S:3Op 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 9
¦- 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 »
8:30 p 9:30 a . and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
~ Fulton I
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00p" Healdsburs 10:40 a
Lytton
•Geyservllla
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:35 p 6:20 p
T:30a 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 all0:20 a
3:30 p 5:00 p| Ukiah [ 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a|. 8:00 a| wililta | 7^5 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 at Guernevlll* I 7:35 pi 10: 20 a
3:30 pf 5:00 p| |10:40a[ 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5-»00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 9
7:80 al 8:00 al Sebastopot 110:40 a[10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 pj | 7:35 p| 6:20 9
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Sprlnjcs; at
Geyserville for Skagr? 3 Sprlnjs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Boonevllle; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Sprtngrs. Kelseyvlllo,
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs. Bine Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's Riverside, Lterley*a.
Bucknell's, San Hedrin Heights, HuHvUle. Orr'«
: Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
Westport, Usal; at Willlts for Sherwood, Canto.
Covelo, Laytonville, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood. Scotia and
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tlcketa at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market at. Chronicle bulld-
lnr-
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen, Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.
4fP$^ Specialists in Diseases of Men
5^| 'igtt'*S ; .T. ru .?'- worthy, Reliable,^ Compe-
7^$L *^ •» tent. Our Methods of Treatment
jfev^^^j Overcome the Worst Cases of
/i^^^^ Neglect, Mistreatment and All
Contracted Disorders. .
, AETER AN EXPERIENCE OF OVER 25 YEARS IN TREATING AND
curing diseases of men, we do not hesitate to say that we are especially
qualified through this long arid active experience, that our methods are
without doubt more successful" than will be found in any institution of its
¦ kind in the whole country. We make no claim to infallibility, but we do
claim to have cured hundreds of cases that others have failed in even,
; benefiting, and had pronounced incurable. A case coming to us is given
a thorough examination, 'his condition thoroughly understood. No experi-
menting, no false promises made, but the patient given"^. careful diag-
nosis and prognosis of his case. If we believe , he can be helped and cured
he is p.ainly. told so. If his caae is considered incurable by us we as
frankly state our : conclusions and decline to treat the case. . In selecting
a physician; to treat you, use great care, remember that experience
coupled with a thor9ugh medical education,* with a ! history of phenomenal
% Buccess in our particular; line, especially recommends us to your favorable
notice. If you are ailing, having any. disease peculiar to men, we cordial-
ly invite you to call. After consulting' with our physician you will most
assuredly be convinced of our ability . to . cure you; our honesty of pur-
pose and superior facilities.
DR. MEYERS & CO.
731 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
¦ Office Hours, 9 to 12, 1 to 4, 7 to 8; Sundays, 9 to ll
- For full Information apply to '
J. FRANCIS LEE, 8.-P» BROWN
Traffic Mgr., Seat- Gen. Agent, 636
tie, . Wash. ; Skag- Market st.. San
uay, Alaska. Francisco.-
THE v\ Hi TE PASb AND
YUKON ROUTE
Shortest and quickest route to At-
lln, Ilisr Salmon, White Horse
Hootalinaua, Stetvnrt River,
Klondike, Koynknl; and Yu-
kon .Mill I nvr Districts.
ONLY DIRECT LINE TO DAWSON
TEN DAYS SAN FRANCISCO TO
KSSms^r-'. dawsoh.-.
nOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
' _ Leave | Via Sausalito Ferry ' Xrnve
San Fran. | Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- _.-.,. '¦ Sun- Week
Days, days. ,^ F "- *"" «*""~ day*. Day*.
1:45 r. 9:00a. f£ JT^lTZ^Ln 1:l5 F - 3:35p -
"."'.™ l!30p: TIIEIIOFTlULNir t^oi.ZZl
......... 2:30 P. Opm tilth* jnrnaui. 8:15 P. ......~.
'¦ tUTUSSAIS OKLT-Lm.. Tarns +.an r. arrt™ 9u fra«etw lt:» •. ""•
. Tickot OOcti, tn MAKSST 6TSXXT aui SAUSAlltO ftaSt .
WEAK, JSj §^^ Hl-EI Cured While
WASTiNG, imJFl ife3 pm| You Sleep,
STRICTURED §wl ita i % IN 15 DAYS
iT^^^ "Qran-Salvent" tho Wonder of the Century.
f^^^K C-d-u^S/r^-*-*^** dissolved Like Snow Beneath the
4. HHi ?™. »* r* DAYS. The Tension
/^fc f^Wif * s Instantly Relieved.
K 2O,468~CURES LAST YEAR—2O,468
Sr*^r « A \hJ Ck*z \s /Vl z*<-»4, re ? estore £ by the Magic
"sr^k. weak Men^a a Trea rs jp.
\/"n t*%rrr\.rr£±\ m $ , Sluggish Accumulation of Blood in the
V CLl ivULClw Veins, due to a torpid, diseased Prostate Gland.
. . - , , "Gran-Solvent" heals the Prostate and renews
vigorous circulation, which expels injure blood and restores healthy tissue.
-,\ \\i\iiifitt uhh ¦/>
- >* '. * ¦ requiring three hours to ciisto! ve.
"GRAN-SOLVENT" Acts Uko a Mild Electric Current, impart- .
ing vim and snap to the entire body. No vile, stimulating drugg to ruin the,
stomach and digestive system, but a direct and positive application to the
Entire Drethral Tract, Reducing Enlarged Prostate Gland and Strenirthenin*
the Duc:s, tur^var Stopping Drains.
Write Jo'D3y. Da Not Delay. Hlw— 1m, ,, . M „ r . - . ' - n nr
t fREE.mAII.E COUPON.
ness is Invited to cut out the coupon herewith, CT l-flCC Mt-DIPAI ACCnfMATini! I
write his name and address plainly, mail it to «•' * <m»CO IfltlilUAL AOoUbIA I !U«,
the Et. James Medical Aspn.. 2.V) St. James 25O St. Jriiicm Illdpf., CINCIX-
Bldg., Cincinuati. O.. and they will send their ¦ SATI, O. •
'th, fc . t^i e<l 7*:? ati6e - ,*l'° w J n « t-t Please eond me a copy of your Illus-
SSagSS^ Free k% jbs ,-»&«;&¦ H
¦ Aame —————— —^_
HOME TREATMENT
Hy uinll can b«» nited by the Patient ; ' ' . - ' .
wlu ¦acccBsfnlly an by om*«elve«. Address : '. ~
We Have Cl'IlED MEX in Every City
tn the V. S. and Almost Every ' i ;: '
Country on Earth. V.VIT*" "¦>—¦>"• > mt Ji im-wttjiwiipi *'«.'ii v
ST. JAMES MEDICAL ASSN., CINCINNATI, 0
Chjcaco\
'» LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a.m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-section - Drawing-Room
and Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps In every Berth. Compart-
ment and Drawing-Room. Buffet. Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars — meals a la carte.
Electric-lighted throughout. - &
Daily Tourist Car Service at 6 p m.
and Personally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. m. from
San Francisco. The best of everything
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. Gtn. Agent Pacific Coast
Paface Hotel - San Francisco.Continued on Page Thirty-Nine.
All descriptions under this head remain un-'
changed. ¦ Hay is steady, with occasional
sales of extra fine' over the quotations, as al
ready mentioned. Bran * and Middlings rule
firm. '¦'-'- ¦ '"- .¦'••. '
BRAN— $18 60@19 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton. .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill, $25@26; job
bing, $26 60®27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@32: Cracked Corn. $31 50@32 50;
Mixed' Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal,. $26 50
HAY — New is selling as . follows: Wheat,
$8@10; Volunteer. Wild Oat, $6 50@8; Alfalfa,
$9@10. Old .is quoted 'as > follows: ¦ ' . ¦ ..-.
Extra' fine Wheat, ?12@12 50; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50; Oat
$8@10 50; Alfalfa, nominal; Clover, $7@9; /Vol
unteer, $6 50®8 50; Stock, $6@8 per ton. ¦
¦ STRAW— 40@50o per bale. ,
Beans and Seeds.
-' There Is no further change 'to 'report in
Beans. 'The - market . continues steadily' held,
but dull.:. ... ' . - '. .
: BEANS— Bayos, \$3; small . .White, $2 35
@2 60; ? large White. ,$2 40@2 60: Pea.. $3 250
3 50;i Pink, ;$2@2 15: Red, * $2 50; Blackeye,
$5@5 10; ¦ Limas, .$3 60@3 75:; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@3 75 per ctl. :t. ' -• ,-..--
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The * past week was the dullest for several
years and yesterday was no exception. Ther»
was no* change in quotations worth talking
about.
- Sales on the Oil Exchange . last week tvera
12,654 shares, valued at ?8398, the leading
sales being a3 follows: Apollo, 1000 shares;
Central Point, 1000; Home, 800; Lion, 700;
Occidental, 1700; Petroleum Center, 1000; I.«.,d,
2754; Sovereign, 1400, Sterling. 1600.
The following quotations for United - Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter,. &
Co.: Common stock, $23 50@24: preferred.
$63 50@64 25; • bonds, $U1@92; subscriptions,
$101 75@102 25. !
STOCK AUD BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, June 21—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
, Bid.Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
Is qr coup.. 11O%111*, 1*3 qrcp(new)i:«Vil3«
la qr reg- 109%110«hiJs qr coup... 107 107%f
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
A.la A W 5s. 01% — W G 5s.l03%105
Bay CPC 5s. 108% — Dceanic S 5s. 97%10O
2 C G&E 5s.l05%100% >mnibus 6s.. — 12!»
?al-st 5s. .'..119 — Pac G Im 4s. 1)8% —
2 Costa 5s... — 111% Pk & C H6s.lo7M»110
Ed L & P 68 — — Pk & O R6s. — 125
Fer&C H 6>. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
3eary-st 51.. — — -3ac EGR 5s. 101% 102
H C&S 5^8.102 — 3F & SJVos.122 12."!
. Do 5a .... — — Sierra Cal 6s — 115
LAng R 5s.ll9%119% 3 P of A 6s.
LALCo6s.l03% (1909) It4 —
Do gtd 6s — — (1910) 115 —
Do gtd 5s. 104 .— 3 P of C 6s.
L A & P 5s.l<« — (l!)05)Sr A. 106%. —
"-Do lem 5s. 104% — (1905)Sr B.107% —V
Mkt-st C 6s. — 128% (1906). — ¦ — A
Do lem 5s.l20%121Vi (1912) ....120% —
N R of C 68.112^ — 3 P of C 1st
Do 5a :...121% — c gntd 5s. — —
N Pac C 5s.H0 — Do stmpd..HO lit
NCR 6s.. -.112 — 3 P BrCa.l«s.U0 141
N* S R R 5s. 101 102 3 V Wat «a. 111^111%
C»ak Gas 5a. 112% — Do 4s 2dm. 102% —
Dak Trn 6s.. 125 — Do 4» 3<lm. 101% 10214 •
Do 1st c5c.113%114-7» 3tkn G&E 6al00%l01t£
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% 70% (Port Costa ..' 6.1H 68:.-
Marin Co ... 50 — '.Spring Val .. S3% TO?;
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy $4<g>
4 25; Buckwheat Flour,' $4 50@4 75; Cracked
"Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 S5@9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 60; Pearl Barley. $5 60; Split
Peas, $5 60; Green Peas. $6 60 per 100 lbs.
Articles— Open. High. ' Low. Close.
1 Wheat No. 2— , -
July ........... 73% 73% 72 73%
September..... 72% ;72%: .71% '72
December >,..... 72% 73 72% 72%
Corn No. 2— . v .
July 65% -.60 ; 65% 65%
September .58% 59 58% 58%
December 45% . 45% 45 45%
Oats No. 2 — . - v
July (old).. ..../. 36% .36% 36% 36%
July new) . 39%/ 40%' 39% 40%*
Sept. • (old) 28% 28% "28%, 28%
Sept. (new)..... 31% '31% . 31 31
Dec. (new)..... 31 i 31% 31 .31%
.' .< Mess Pork, per bbl— ' . .
July .......... .17 87% 18 00 17 87% 17 92%
September .....18 07% 18 20 18 07% 18 17%
Lard, per 100 lbs —
July '..'....:.;. .10 42%. 10 65 10 42% 10 50
September -:' 10 50-10 67% 10 50 10 55 :
Short Ribs,, per 100 lbs —
July ......:... .10 77% 10 80 10 77% 10 77%
September .....10 62% 10 67% 10 60 10 65
, Cash / quotations were as follows: "Flour,
, steady ; winter patents, I $3 60@3. 70 ; . straights
J3 10@3 60;> clears, \$3@3 30; spring specials,
1 20; patents, $3 50@3 SO; straights, $2 90®
3 30; No. 3 wheat. 73%c; No^2 red,, 70%<a
80%c; No. 2 pats. 42%@44c;.No.*2 white, 48%©
49%c; No. 3 white, ; 47%@48%c; fair to choice
malting barley, 68@70c;' No. 1 flaxseed. $1 54®
1'55; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 73; prime timothy
seed, $5 80@5 90; mess pork, per bbl, $17 92%®
17 97% ; I laid, per 100 . lbs, $10 35; short ribs
sides (loose), $10 72%@10 85; dry salted shoul
ders (boxed), 9@9%c; short clear sides (boxed)
$11 25<5>U 1 37%; whisky, -basis of high wines,
$130; clover,* contract grade, $8 35.
"Articles— Receipts. Shipments,'
Flour, barrels ............18,000. 15,000--
Wheat. bushels..... 49,000 39,000
Corn, bushels ....213,000 101,000
Oats, bushels ..V... :....:. 212,000 ' 83 000
Rye. .bushels ...;.;:...... 4.000 30,000
Barley, bushels ......'. r..." 13,000 1,000-
NEW YORK, June 21.— To-day's dull and
professional stock market calls for little com
ment. An advance of over a point in United
States Steel was a sustaining force in the
opening dealings. The demonstrative buying
of the brokers usually employed by the syndi
cate helped this movement, j The Southwestern
railroads made some show of strength, St.
Louis-Southwestern preferred rising 1%. ' The
effect of these movements extended far. The
v/hole list turned heavy upon the appearance
of the bank statement and the closing was
easy, with prices slightly below last night for
the most part. The bank statement showed a
gain In cash of less than $1,000,000, while the
estimates had been for nearly $3,000,000. The
deposit liabilities were increased by a loan ex
pansion of nearly $8,000,000. The net result
was an encroachment upon the surplus reserve
of $1,144,100. On the eve of preparation for the
July settlements the showing was considered
disquieting, especially in view of the continued
firmness of foreign exchange.
The market for bonds has been quite active,
but rather spotty and Irregular.
United States 2s advanced %. the 3s and
old 4s registered % and old 4s coupon % per
cent. The r.ew 4s declined % per cent^as com
pared with last week's closing call.
The organized campaign to advance prices
of stocks, which has been in evidence for some
time past, gathered volume and force this
week and carried prices up with a general
sweep onward Wednesday, with, the largest
dealings for one day since the early part of
May. On Thursday there was a movement to
take profits by the bulls and an aggressive at
tack by the bears, which* caused a sharp re
action and a pause. The unexpected Increase In
the stock of the Illinois Central and the grant
ing of rights to stockholders ! to subscribe at
par pave the whole market its fill upon Wednes
day and helped the bulls to take their profits
with the first appearance , of . the general out
side market that has been aroused. The man
ner In which unfavorable news was Ignored on
the rise is shown by the prominent position
taken by the Reading stocks In advance In spite
of the miners' strike and the continued paraly
sis of the anthracite trade. Professions of con
fidence In Buccess of crops and suggestions of
probable increases of dividends on railroad
stocks were the ostensible motives of the buy
ing of the grangers, which were prominent in
the upward movement. I The Gould ctocks as a
group, led by. Missouri Pacific, were also con
spicuously strong because pt an appreciation
of the Improved strategic position of these prop
erties in the railroad world by reason of recent
acquisitions and extensions and the belief that
a financial plan for consolidation of, operation
1« being worked out. There were rumors : of a
contest for control of Reading on the part of
the Pennsylvania and Its subsidiary, company,
13 & O. The making perpetual of an injunc
tion against the conversion of $200, 000, 000 of
New York Stock Market.
CHICAGO, June 21.— Clearing weather and
lower Liverpool cables brought a sharp de
cline In wheat at the opening. Paris was a
little higher and there seemed to be some con
flict in opinions as to the real conditions and
tendencies in that market, American fields
were given a respite from rains and the prom
ise was for clear weather. On this news July
opened ragged, %@l%c down at 73%@73%c,
and after some small rallies dipped to 73c. I
Traders who had been consistently bullish for
a week turned . sellers. Commission . houses
liquidated freely and many stop-loss \ orders
were executed > for bulls who came Into the'
market as buyers only yesterday. September
was subjtcted to some sharp selling, but De- I
cember was supported' a little. Very good
seaboard clearances helped in a rally "late, but
the- close was weak. July on the rally sold
to 73%<§>73%c, , but closed -%@%o down at
73%@73%C' .. .-.¦: . ¦ ¦ • .
. Corn ended Its. week's work , In a lagging
manner. ' In spite of the bearish weather con
ditions and • the wheat slump, however, corn
held firm. The close was steady and %c up,
at 65%c for July. . •
Oats ruled fairly steady. July closed firm,
%c up; at 40%c . •¦¦¦¦,
' Provisions, while only fairly active, attracted
considerable I attention ¦ from the fact that top
prices for the year again ruled, r With the bull
ish tone of the corn pit a stronger hog market
and with packers buying all products offered
very good advances were registered. July pork
closed strong, 60 up; lard 5c higher and ribs
2%c up. , • ? ¦ ¦ • '•>- - . .'..-.• ' -
The leading futures ranged as follows:'
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%©8c.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; Southfield
Wellington. $3: Seattle. $B 50; Bryant. $« 50;
Roslyn, $7: Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Wall
send, $8 60; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50;
Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton In bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $3 50
per ton, according to brand.
OIL — Linseed la lower. California Castor
Oil, in cases. No. 1, 70c: pure, $1 20;
Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled, 74c; raw,
72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 63c for
boiled and 66c for raw. in barrels; Lard Oil.
extta winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 05;
China Nut, 57%@68c per gallon; pure Neata
foot. In barrels, 70c; cases, 75c: Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases. 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
6S%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13y 4 @14c; Pearl OH, in cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
?2c; deodorized gtove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; .Benzine, in bulk, 14%e; ia
cases, 21c; S6-degrae Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26%c. l_
TURPENTINE-^Lower at 67c per gallon In
cases and 61c in drums and iron barrels, effect
ive June 23.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Are- lower. Red
Lead and Litharge, 6®6%c per lb; White Lead.
6@6%c, according to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in ICO-lb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.35c:
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D." 3.55c:
barrels, 10c more; half- barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for ail
kinds. Domincs^ — Half-barrels, 4.75c: boxes. 5<j
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. ,
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, JUNE 21.
Flour, qr sks.. 12,710 Middlings, sks.. 4TS
Wheat, ctls 2,000 Hay. tons 321
Barley, ctls ... 9.660 Tallow. ctl3 ... 29i
Oats, ctla ..... 3,240 1 Pelts, bdls -901
Corn, ctls 15j Hides, No «04
Beans, sks .... 659 Leather, rolls .. I8rt
Potatoes, sks... 2,741|Wine, gal3 .... 82,700
Onions, sks .... 69f>;L!me. bbls ... 455
Bran, sks 628 Sugar. , ctls .... 2 474
Wool, bales ... 64'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks.. 10, 110 1 Wool, bales ... 43
Oats, ctla 2.200 1
•"In prunes epot Is 6teady. Some Inquiry
and business for export account Is reported,
with 70-80s most Inquired for. Occasional sales
cf 40-501 and 50-60s are noted, with 6%c for
Banta Claras 40-50s In 25-lb boxes asked. The
tale of a carload of 40-SOs Santa Claras In 25
lb boxes was reported to-day at 6%c A parcel
of 80-908 Is said to have been sold at • full
prices. Sales for export are reported from the
Coast on the 3c four-size basis on • 1901 crop.
On the 1900 crop 2%c four-size basis will buy.
A little business for export is noted In 1902
crop on the 2%c four-size basis, October ship
ment. Some offerings and Rales of new crop
are heard of at 2%c four-size basis on Santa
Claras. There are few buyers In this market
on the later basis. In apricots the spot mar
ket Is eteady and shows little change. Futures
are offered on the 6V-C f. o. b. coast basi* for
choice Royals in 25-lb boxes. Some little busi
ness for out-of-town account is reported, but
locally buyers are not inclined to take hold.
Peaches are eteady and unchanged. Futures
show neglect at opening prices. In dates the
market is eteady. but we hear of little move
ment In raisins spot seeded a little firmer
and in fair Jobbing request, with 8%c quoted
on. choice and fe'^c for fancy In 1-lb cartons.
There is a small supply of Valencia layers and
quotations are somewhat nominal. In nuts
Brazils are in etrong position, with sales noted
for Interior account at 7c for medium and 7%c
for large. We hear of business in filbert* at
guc with a. stronger disposition noted. Tar
ragona almonds are steady. Shelled almonds
continue firm. One holder Etlll offers Valen
cia shelled at 2<%c.
""It was reported to-day that prunes, 1902
crop Santa Clara, have been sold to buyers
m the- interior of the State on the 2%c four
eizn basis f. o. b. the coast less 2% per cent
conirr.iM-kn, for October shipment. There is
cne broker here offering to the .trade on the
2%c four-i-lze basis for Santa Claras. - 4C-50s
»>eing included in the offering. So far as can
be learned, there are but few interests here
offering on the 2%c four-size basis, but it Is
expected ' that before the middle of the coming
week the lower basis will be met by several
of the Icreer coast interests. Quotations on
r.ew crop prunes range from 2%c to 2%c four
rize basis on Santa Claras f. o. b. In bags."
Weather Report.
a20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN' FRANCISCO. June 21— S p. m. '.
THE COAST RECORD.
Mall advices from New York sey:
Dried Fruits in New York.
') LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — July. ' Sept.
Opening 6'11% '0 2%
Closing 5 11% 6 2%
' PARIS.
Wheat— July. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 23 90 21 70
Closing 23 95 21 70
Flcur —
Opening 30 65 ' 28 70
Closing ..:....: • 3130 23 70
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
gocd Ol quainy?' ate ripenln S: cro P »E»t;
Riverside— Irrigation water plentiful.
\\ illows— Fine weather for harvesting.
Isapa — Cherries good crop. . •
Santa Maria— Headers report grain generally
fal? aDS Emall# bUt srowlD »- Apricots
Colusa— Grain crop doing nicely; yield good.
Fruits of all kinds good condition.
Cioverdale — Apricots ripening very fast
cr 0 H p M abo r 4-5 U harvXd dOlDS "* «*>»
farY&^ctior** 6 by «™" h <W«» thus
Newman— Harvesting in full progress. Grain
yield up to expectations. * w»iu
fiiiH Ver S°»1~^ arley good 1 ua "ty and well
filled. Cutting in progress.
San Jose— Fruit crop excellent Good water
Big crop.
Ventura— Foggy mornings. Apricot harvest
in interior of county will soon be over.
Santa Rosa — Crop conditions unchanged
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.'
Section Director.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks ' are ' as • fol
lows, usual * discount to the trade : Graham
Flour, $3 per 160 lbs; Rye. Flour, $3; Rye Meal
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 503
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$i>@3 60 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', |3@
3 60. • ¦¦ • ¦¦' ¦ ¦ • I --. -...-¦
'• Broomhall estimates, world's shipments at
9,000,000. bushels and says there will be a
good decrease on passage. Visible supply on
Monday is expected to ; show moderate de
creases. Market here ¦was weaker on easier
Liverpool and clearing weather. This brought
about the natural liquidation after the buy
ing of past few days on rains. Very little news
from the wheat fields. The tendency- of ad
vices so far is to show a disappointing result
in tfce threshing, with a slow and probably
moderate movement and a good demand from
interior mills. On anticipation of these con
ditions we think wheat should be bought on
soft spots. .
This market was dull all round, with a slight
advance in shipping grades and a' slight de
cline in futures.
Spot wheat — Shipping, $1 12%; milling,
$1 15@1 17% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— Deccmbei: — 4000 ctls, $1 14%.'
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
BARLEY— Receipts; of new Feed were some
what larger and the market was a fraction oft,
with very little trading, "mere was nothing
doing in futures.
New Feed, 02%@95c; old Feed, 95@97%c;
brewing, 97%@98%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked
for standard.
-. ; . CALL BOARD SALES. ,
¦ Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — No sales. 1
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — N,o sales.
OATS^— Old have almost disappeared. There
are a few white and black still left, but quota
tions for them are nominal, as sales are few
and of a retail character. New Red are steady
at the recently established prices." The Chi
cago letter of Bolton. De Ruyter & Co. says:
"The line of Oat3 Is fine. Weather cold and
backward for the growing crop, and small
stocks and small roots with good demand make
cash situation strong. September Oats are
being well taken up." ,
New Reds are quoted at $1 10@l 20 for
common to choice and $1 25 for fancy; .old
Oats are nominal as follows: Whites, $1 30@
1 35; Milling, $1 S0@l 35; Black, $1 15@l 26
per ctl. • , ' ' ¦¦'¦¦¦¦• '-.*¦¦
CORN — The Chicago letter of Bolton, De
Ruyter & Co. says: "Market was very quiet and
a little stronger,, possibly on the cold weather.'
Frosts were - reported In : Nebraska, but as to
the extent or whether any I damage was done
we are ; without advices. The season so -far
since the planting has only been moderately
favorable • and is on the whole rather back
ward. The cash situation Is still slow and
this market is - waiting developments in re
spect to the July manipulation." -
This market continues dull and easy, but
is still controlled by one holder. . ¦ • 4 •
. Large Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small round do,
$1 50@l 62%; White.' $1 65@1 60.
RYE — 85@87%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were steady
to firm, though Liverpool futures were lower.
Chicago declined lc. The Chicago letter of
Bolton, De Ruyter & Co. said:
Wheat and Other Grains.
"Potatoes ere doing finely, and those plant
ed In good season are In bloom. The sugar
beets of Spokane County and garden vegetables
are flourishing. Considerable hay making has
been done In the southern counties, the weath
er bavins been Ideal for haying. The dry.
runny weather tends to make the strawberry
eeaecn a short one."
"Fall wheat Is generally headed and is In
bloom In come early localities. Cool weather
is very favorable for the wheat In bloom, and
it 5s desirable that It should prevail through
out the filling season. The spring wheat is
¦well rooted and stooling well. - That on sum
mer fallow is better than that on fall plowed
land. That touched by the late frost Is re
covering. Oats are reported to be very thrifty.
Corn has been Improved In color by the Fun
eh!ry weather.
"The week was one of cool nights and mod
erately warm days, with fresh, drying winds.
The weather, according to all reports, was
r-^vorable for crops In general, although
growth was not rapid. There has been no
rain for about eight or ten days, and In come
Jocalities it is getting pretty dry- Although
rain is not Immediately needed, It Is feared
that hot, dry winds from the north v/ould
at this time cause great damage In the east
ern counties.
The report of G. N. Salisbury, section direc
tor of the United States Weather Bureau for
the Washington Crop Bulletin, week ended
Jure 16. is as follows:
Washington Crop Bulletin.
General Merchandise.
The Gaelic took out a treasure list of $158,
698, consisting of $8303 in Mexican dollars,
$240 in gold coin and $150,155 in silver bullion.
Of the latter, $111,155 was for Bombay and
$39,000 for Hongkong.
Silver was a couple of fractions firmer. Ex
change remained the same.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.... — 4 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — - 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight.....; — ¦ \. \ 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — . - 17%
Silver, per ounce — - 52%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45 ><j
Exchange and Bullion.
,«jL or the tw enty-four hours ending 5 p. m.,
120th meridian time, San Francisco, June 21,
All kinds of Berries were in free supply and
choice lots met with steady sale, but there was
a lot of poor stock received that had to be sold
below the quotations. There was strong In
quiry for choice Currants - at steady prices.
Poor stock went to canners and peddlers at the
bottom quotation. .
The six boxes of black Figs that came in
from Visalia on the preceding day sold at $1 50
per box. A few 1-lb boxes that came In yes
terday from the same place brought 50c each.
Cantaloupes from Jndio did better, there be
ing no fresh stock received from Yuma. Water
melons and Grapes sold slowly. -
Most of the ripe fruit in the State Is being
shipped East from the orchard districts and
the receipts in this market consist chiefly of
culls- and green stock, which accounts for the
prevailing low prices. Good ripe stock sells
readily when obtainable, but other stock drags.
Receipts of Cherries were plentiful and prices
showed little change, but the demand is grad
ually falling off. The Cherries from the river
are poor and nearly always sell at the lowest
quotations.
Oranges were easier owing to the Increasing
competition of other fruits and prices were
lower for all kinds excepting Navels, which
were In very light supply. There will be two
cars auctioned to-morrow. Supplies of Limes
and Lefnons were in few hands and firmly held
STRAWBERRIES— $7@9 for Longworths and
$3@5 for Mallndas.
RASPBERRIES— ?7@10 per chest; crates, 90c
@$1 «o.
LOGANBERRIES^ — $3@4 per chest; crates,
BLACKBERRIES — $5®8 per chest; In crates
40@60c. .
GOOSEBERRIES— 25@30c per drawer and
2@3c in bulk.
CURRANTS— $2 25@4 50 per chest.
I PLUMS— Clyman, 35@40c per box and 60@63c
per crate; baskets, 25@35c; Cherry. Plums, 25@
35c per drawer and 40@75c in larger packages
APRICOTS— 30@60c per box and 50@75c per
crate; in baskets, 30® SOc: bulk, boxes, 60@75c
APPLES— Green. 25@35c per box and 25®
40c per basket; large boxes, 60@90c; White
Astrachan, $1@1 25 per box.
PEARS— Madeline, 20@30c for small boxes
baskets. 15@25c; large boxes, 50@75c.
PEACHES — 35@<i0c per box and 40(350c per
basket. ' - •
CHERRIES — White, 25@40c per box; In bulk
2@3c; Black. 25@50c per box and 2@4c in bulk"
cartons from San Jose, 75c; Royal Annes, 40®
(iac per box and 3@6c in bulk.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, from Yuma, 75c@$l
for small boxes and crates; large crates, $2®
2 25; from Indio,' $3@3 50 per crate; water
melons from Indio, 25@40c each.
GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from Indio
$1 50@2 per crate;, from Yuma, $2 50 per crate
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranses, $2@4. ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings. $1@2-
Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50; St. Michaels'
$1@3; Valencias. $1 75@3 50: Tangerines, $1 06
in half-boxes; Lemons, $1 75@4; Grape Fruit
$2@3 50; Mexican Limes, $5@5 50; Bananas
$1 50®2 ,per bunch for New Orleans and $1 25
@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per
dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The condition of the - New York market ap
pears in the first column.; California operators
seem to be anxious to sell short for future de
livery, but the New Yorkers do not appear very
eager to buy on speculation. The Government
crop report, which is still rather unfavorable,
also appears in the first column. Quotations
for Plums, Nectarines, Pears and Figs -are
dropped, as these sorts are all cleaned up. There
were imported Into the United • States during
the ten months ended April 30. 1902, but 439,334
pounds of foreign prunes. There "were exported
during the ten months prunes to the amount of
20,400,000 pounds, as against 7,907,100 pounds
for the same time last year. * ,
- FRUITS — New Apricots, future delivery, 69
7%c; old Apricots, 8%@9c.for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 12@12%c; sun dried. 6@7c-
Peaches, 6%@8%c per lb.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows •
30-403, 6%@6%c; 4O-50s, 5@5%c; 60-60s, 4%©
4%c; 60-703, 4@4%c; 70-80s, 3%@3%c; 80-90s.
3@3%c; 90-100s,.2%@2%cH>er lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, 8c: 2-crown.
7%c; Loose • Muscatels. 5%c for 4-crown and
5%c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c-
London Layers, $1 60 per box. . ; t ¦. ¦
NUTS — Walnuts,^No. 1, sof tshell, ll@HUc-
No. 2,-6@7c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. S.
7c; Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 0@10c
tor sof tshell and ti@7c for hardshell; peanuts
6@7c for Eastern; Brazil' Nuts, 12@12%c- Fil
berts. 12@12%c; Pecans, Il@l3c; Cocosinuts.
$3 60®5. -.••
HONEY—Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9®ll c
for light amber: , water white extracted. Sto
6%c; HKht amber extracted. 4@4%c: dark. 4c.
27%©29c per lb. 4C "
.:^\ Provisions.)
Chicago continues dull and featureless, with
the market atlin In the hands of the packers
The San Francisco market is equally dull and
unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12% @13c per lb for
heavy, 13%o for light medium, 14%c for light
16%c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured;-Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c- ¦.Cali
fornia Hams, 14@14%c: Mess Beef. $10 per bbl
extra Mess, $10 50® 11; Family, . $11 50@12
prime Mess Pork, $15<315 60; extra clear f>d'
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, 12%c- Pl»
Perk. $25 ;• Pigs'. Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13 %@14e per, pound. '¦.'¦¦ --\
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c>for' pure; half-barrels
pure, 12%c; 10-lb.tins. 13%c; 6-lb tins. 1354 C '
3-lb tins. 13%c. . . . *
' COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c- three
half -barrels, 10%c; \ one ' tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The different markets under this head remain
about as before, though foreign dry Hides are
weakening in the < East ¦ and Leather is dull*
¦ Hops are still firmly held by the growers. Spot
stocks of Wool continue light, and the market
Is .firm.
".'HIDES. AND : SKINS— Culls : and brands sell
about 1%C under quotations/, Heavy : salted
Steers, lie:- medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Htdea.
9%C for heavy and 9c for lieht: - Staca. 7o:
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Peaches continue quiet, but holders show no
disposition to make concessions. Peeled
peaches are priced 12@16c; unpeeled. 8%@10%c.
There is no change In apricots, prices run
ning from 10%@14c In boxes to 10%@12o in
bags. -. - ' ¦ • . .
A fair business vis doing in California prod
ucts, particularly in prunes, the largo sizes
of which are in good . request. Stocks' are re
ported rather light in some grades and prices
are firmly held at recent figures, quotations
ranging from 3%@6%c for all grades.
Evaporated apples continue In moderate de>
mand with . supply strictly proportional . and
prices steady ¦ Common to good are quoted at
7@9%c; prime at 10c; choice at 10y 4 @10%c, and
fancy at lie. . . •
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK. June 21.— FLOUR— Receipts,
21,000 barrels; exports, 4200 barrels. Again
dull and a shade. easier with wheat. Winter
patents, $4@4 10; winter straights. 1 $3 75®3 85;
Minnesota patents, $3 95@4 15 ; winter extras,
$3 15@3 85; Minnesota bakers, $3 16@3 30;
winter low grades, $2 95@3 15. .
WHEAT — Receipts. 84,050 bushels ; exports,
130,775 bushels. Spot, easy; No. 2 red, 79%c
elevator;' No. 2 red; 79%@80%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, 82%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba, 85%c f. o. b. afloat.
Wheat was affected to-day by easier cables,
clearing weather in tho Southwest and general
unloading. The close was weak at %c . net
decline. July, 79 9-16c; September, 77M@
77%c. closed 77Vic; December, 78Vi@78 15-16c,
closed 78 Vic.
HOPS— Steady ; State, prime to choice, 1901
crop, 19®23c; 1900. 15@16c: olds, 6@8c; Pa
cific Coast, 1901 crop, 18%@22c; 1900 crop, 15
©10c; olds, 6®8c.
HIDES— Quiet; California, 21@25 lbs, 19c.
WOOL — Quiet; domestic fleece, 26@30c.
COFFEK— Spot Rio, iiuiet; No. 7 invoice,
6</ t c; mild, steady; Cordova. 8Gi)llVl.c. Futures
closed net unchanged to 5 nointo higher. To
tal saleF, 25,CiKJ bass, including: June, 4.05c,
July, 4.00c; September. 5.00c:. No vi>mber, 5.15s;
December, 5.2C&5.25C; January, 6.30c; March,
n.45? [ \".50a
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal, 9«: test, 3'-jO; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined, steady; No. 6. 4.40c; No. 7. 4.00c; No.
S. 3.00c; No. 9, 3.85c; No. 10. 3.80c; No. 11.
».75c; No. 12. 3.70c; No. 13, 3.70c; No. 14, 3.70c;
Confectioners' A, 4.45c: mold A, 5.00c; cut
loaf, 5.15c; < erashe<i r^ 5.15c; -powdered, .,4.75c;
granulated, 4.65c. .\ .¦¦ V,
LONDON, June 21. — Consols, 96%; silver.
24 7-16d; French rentes, lOlf 67%c; cargoes
on passage, ! firm, but not active.
LONDON, June 21. — HOPS — Pacific Coast,
firm. £1 15s©£5 5s.
LIVERPOOL, June 21. — Wheat, firm; wheat
in Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; weather
in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 29-32d.
Foreign Markets.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkaze for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — i@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3%@3%a
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS^ — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings.
3%@4c ner lb.
, HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6@6V4c:
sows, 20 per cent off, boars 50 per cent oit
and stags 40 per cent off from the above quota'
tlona. v-v '
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@7%c for Steers and 5@6o per U>
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb. .
MUTTON — Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes, 7®Sa
per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9®9%c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
DRESSED MEATS,
Everything stands as previously quoted. The
market is featureless.
San Francisco Meat Market.
•PORTLAND, June 21.-^Wheat nominally un
chansed.
* WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 21. — Wheat unchanged; blue
stem, 65%c; club. 64%c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN,
Nevada— Fair; cooler Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Sunday,
with fog in the morning and at night: brisk
westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; continued
warm weather in the interior; light northwest
winds. 1 ~^
Northern California — Fair Sunday; continued
warm weather in the Interior, with light south
erly winds; fog on the coast, with brisk
westerly winds.
Warm weather continues in the Interior and
maximum temperatures exceeding 100 degrees
are reported at many points. At Phoenix a
maximum temperature of 112 degrees is report
ed. San Francisco is again the coolest point
within the limits of observation.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, June 22:
The pressure has risen slowly along the coast
from Cape Mendodno north. A depression of
moderate depth still overlies the Western half
of the country and cloudy weather prevails
generally over the northern half of the Pacific
Slope.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
EGGS — Ranch, 18%(S19c for fancy. 17@18c
for good and~ld%c for fair; store, 15@16%c per
dozen; Eastern Eggs, nominal.
BUTTER — Creamery, 20@21c per pound for
fancy," 19%cfor firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy, 17@19%c; store Butter, 14@16c per
pound.
CHEESE — New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
America, 10@10%c; Eastern 13@15c per lb. ;
•Butter and Cheese remain a3 before quoted.
Stocks of the former continue more than suf
ficient, though the receivers seem to be getting
rid of the goods somehow or other. The market
is weak, however.
Receipts were 39,400 pounds, 66 cubes and
2 kegs of Butter, lbs Eastern Butter, 1194
cases of Eggs, 400 cases o< Eastern Eggs, 5200
pounds of California Cheese and pounds
of Oregon Cheese. -
Stocks of Eggs show a visible reduction since
the commission merchants resumed storing,
though receipts have fallen. off materially dur
ing the past two days. With lessened receipts
the . market ought to recover from its depres
sion, especially as the Eastern market Is doing
better. Prices show no further decline and
there Is less demoralization among the sellers.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE, June 21.— Clearings. $644,032;
balances, $170,593.
On the whole the frul: outlook continues un
favorable, the most promising reports being
received from, the Lake region, the northern
portion of the Middle Atlantic States and New
England.
New England — Fruits eettlns well and prom
ise good crop.
New York — Apples, pears and grapes peaer
ally promising; very few peaches.
New Jersey — Orchard fruits dropping badly,
outlook discouraging; nearly half of cranberry
crop destroyed by recent frost.
Pennsylvania— Fruit crop will be light, but
recent frosts not bo damaging to fruit as was
at first exftected.
Maryland and Delaware — Strawberries gave
a short yield: peaches good In east, but gen
eral fruit outlook unsatisfactory-
Virginia/ — Apples and peaches becoming
Fcarce.
North Carolina — Fruit falling eo much that
prospects ere less favorable.
Georgia — Fruit crops falling-. /
Florida— Shipments of peaches active; plne
appics backward; citrus fruits have suffered
seriously from drought.
Alabama— Peaches ripening slowly.
Missouri — Apples dropping In places.
Illinois — Fruit prospects uneven, varying
from poor to good.
•\Yeet Virginia— Peaches and apples falling
considerably.
Or.io — Light crop of etrawberries being se
cured: apples and pears dropping.
Michigan — Frosts have damaged fruit in
ujiper peninsula; fruit prospects continue
promising.
¦\Yiscor.sin — Fruit prospects good.
Minnesota — Good strawberry crop ripening.
Houth Dakota — Fruit prospects fair.
Oklehonia — Fruit in good condition; peaches
ripening.
Idaho — Fruit crcrs heavy.
Col' »rado— Outlook for tree and small fruits
continues excellent.
Nev.- Mexico — Local hail storms have dam
aged some orchards.
I'tah — Strawberries ripe; cherries ripening.
"VYas-rhir.gton — Strawberries ripening.
On son — Fruit uneven.
partment of Agriculture, Washington,
D. C. week ended June 9.
From the Crop Bulletin, United States De-
Government Fruit Crop Report.
6. L. Oblspo..29.80 86 60 N Clear .00
£an Diego ...29.76 66 58 W Clear .00
|«attle 29.80 82 60 SW Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.76 84 66 NE Cloudy .00
Neah Bay ....29.84 64 56 W Cloudy .00
IV alia Walla.. 29. 78 S6 60 SE Pt Cldy .00
Winnemucca .29.82 92 54 SW Clear .00
Yuma 29.56 100 72 W Clear .00
The weakness in Paris exchange suggests
that France will soon demand gold, but that
country is expected to j try New York before
London. There is Indian buying of silver.
Americans were hard. Union Pacific and
Atchison were in request. The general eon
tangoes, began at 5%, and rose to 6%. On
United States Steel it' was seven and . on St.
Paul four. Rio Tintos sold at 44%. •
NEW YORK, June 21.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says :
The settlement occupied attention on the Ex
change to-day. The account proved to be
small, but money was scarce. The markets
were idle and dull on fresh rumors regarding
the Kins' s health.
London Market.
NEW YORK. Junp 24.— To-day's metal mar
ket was of a holiday character. Tin was sell
ing slowly at $28 62% > to $29. Copper was
steady, -with standard,' spot to August, at
$11 50 to $11 90; lake, $12@12 45; electrolytic
$11 95@12 10; casting, $11 00@12 10.
- Lead was dull at $4 50 and spelter was nom
inal, $t 87%. ¦¦.;¦¦•••
Iron was about steady and quiet locally.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORfe STOCK LIST.
Stock — . Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 4,500 H2% 82 t&U
Atcnison pfd 1,700 101 100% 1oo<n
Baltimore & Ohio.. B00 100% lim^ 100%
Bam & O pid.... .... ..." 95"
Canadian Pacific .. 3.200 13514 135 135
Canada Southern . . . oa
Ches & Ohio 700 46% 4«% 40%
cnlcago & Alton .. 100 38 38 33
1 Chi it Alton Did .... 75
Chi lnd & L 600 75 75 75
Chi 1 & L pfd ... 87
Chi & E Illinois... 100 178 178 177%
Chi <&"Gt_West.... . 500 29 tf 28% :«>%
C & G \V"A Did .... .... tju£
C & G W H prd.. 100 .48 48 47
C & Northwestern. ...,. .'.. 254
Chi R I &. Pac 100 172% 172% 171
Chi Term & Trans 600 21 20%. 209i
Chi T & T pfd ; 37 &
C C C & St Louis .... 104
Col Southern 200 31 M 31 30%
Col South 1st pfd ....... 71
Col South 2d prd.. 200' 43^ 43 ''.43
Del & Hudson .... 174
Del Lack & W 275
Denver & R G.... .... 42*4
D & R G pfd 400 »3& 93 ii'2%
Erie 800 37% 36% 36ft
Erie 1st pfd 200 «7% <57& . 67$,
Erio 2d pfd ...'. .... 52&
Gt Northern pfd.. 600 188% 18S^4 188
Hocking Valley ... 100 85%. 85?i 85
Hocking Val pfd.. .."... .... .... 81'
Illinois Central ... 1,000 158 157% 157 U
Iowa Central 100 4U14 49y 4 48^i
Iowa Central pfd 86} a
K C Southern. 31
K C Southern pfd 61
L B & Western 63
L E & Western pfd 127
Louis & Nash 200 130% 130^ 136
Manhattan L 600 131 130% 130%
Metropolitan St Ry 150?ij
Mexican Central .. 100 28% 28% 27%
Mexican National . 200 19 18% 18 «i
Minn & St Louis.. 100 114 114 113 V*
Mo Pacific 12,000 108% 107% 108
Mo Kan & Texas.. 700 27Vi 2U% 26%
M K & T pfd 1,000 59% 68% 58%
N J Central 185
N Y Central 800.157 156% 1061,4
Norfolk & West 56Mi
N & W pfd ;... 91*3
Ontario & West .. 700 33 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 3,100 152 151% 151%
Reading ..... 10,200 66% 65% 65%
Reading 1st pfd .; 400 84% 84% S.{%
Reading 2d pfd ... 500 70 69% 69%
St L & S F 500 C9% 69% 69%
St L & S F 1st pfd s. 82%
St L & S F 2d pfd 72»i
St Louis SW 1,500 30% 30% 30
St Louis SW pfd.. 3,800 07 6614 60%
St Paul 6,100 174% 173% 173%
St Paul Dfd 180 '
Northern Pac 2.600 65 64-">8 64%
Southern Ry 1,100 36% 3B% 30%
Southern Ry pfd... 300 95% 95% 05Vs
Texas & Pac 9,600 43% 42% 42%
Toledo St L & W.. 100 21 21 20%
T St L. & W pfd 37 37 37
Union Pacific. 4,600 105% 105% 105^4
Union Pacific pfd ; 89%
Wabash 11,100 29% 29 20%
Wabash pfd 1,000 45% 45% 45%
Wheel & L E 100 22 22 22
W & L E 2d pfd 85%
Wisconsin Central. 600 ¦ 27% 27% 27%
Wiscon Cent pfd... 200 49% 49% 49%
Express companies —
Adams .""'¦: J97
American 225
] United States 114
Wells Fargo 195
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 3,300 66% 66% 66%
Am Car & Foun.. 600 32% 32% 32%
Am Car & F pfd.. 200 91 91 91
Amer Loco.: 100 32% 32% 32%
Amer Loco pfd 93%
Am Linseed Oil .... 100 24 24 24
Am Linseed Oil pfd ' '. 50%"
Am Smelt & Rfg 47%
Am Smelt & R pf-d ..... 09%
Anaconda M Co... 200 111 111 lltt%
Brooklyn Rap Tran 700 67 66% <*,«%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 4,500 »3% 92% 92%
Consolidated Gas. . 400 220% 220 220
Continental T pfd 200 121% 121% 121%
Gen Electric 300 307 305% 305
Hocking Coal 200 16% 16% 16%
Internat Paper ' 20%
Inter Paper pfd.... ;. '73
Internat Power. . . . 100 75 . 75 75
Laclede Gas .85
National Biscuit... 48%
National Lead..... 100 23 22 21%'
North American... 100 123 123 122
Pacific Coast. ..... 67%
Pacific Mail ' 100 42% 42% 42
People's Gas 100 102% 102% 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. ..... ..... .. 4 e'*
Pressed S Car pfd. ..... 85'
Pullman Pal Car 234 '
Republic Steel .... 800 17% 17% , 37%
Republic Steel pfd. 100 73% 73% 73
Sugar... 8,000 126% 125% 115%
Tenn Coal & Iron .. 1 .. c2U
Union Bag & P Co ... 151?
U B & P Co-pfd oi"$
U S Leather 800 13% 13 13
U S Leather pfd 54
U S Rubber > -. 14%
U S Rubber pfd... 500 55 65 «tJ
U S Steel 21,200 39 38 38%
U S Steel pfd 1,200 89% 89% 89U
Western Union 100 90% 00%^ 90%
Total sales 161,500 shares.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S refunding 2s, Hocking Val 4%s 111
registered . . .107% L & Nash unl 4s. .103%
do coup 108% Mex Cent 4s .84%
1 do 3s reg 107% do 1st inc.. ... 31%
do coup ...107V4 Minn & St L 4s.. 105
do new 4s reg..l35Vi Mo Kan & Tex 4s. 100
do coup 135% do 2ds 84>A
do old 4s reg... 109% N Y Cent lsts".'.'.lQ4%
do coup ..; 110% do gen 3%s .107
do 5s reg....... 105 N J Cent gen 5s.: 139%
do coup ..105 North Pac 4s 105
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% do 3s .. 74%
do adj 4s . 93% Norf & W con' 4s! 102
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading gen 4s.. 100%
, d° 3%s 97 St L & I M c 5s.ll7%
do conv 4s 107% StL&SF4s;. 100
Can South 2ds 109% St Louis SW lsts. 99%
Cent of Ga 5s.... 108% do 2ds ....... 87U
do 1st inc. ..... 81 3 A & Ar Pass 4s' 90*2
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8% South Pac 4s 92%
Chi & Alton 3%s. 85% South Ry 5s... "l24
C B & Q new 4s. 96% Tex & Pao lsts"' 119 \
C M & St P g 48.116 Tol St L & W 4s 82^
C & N W con 7s . . . 13» % Union Pao 4s . . 106»u
C R I & Pac 4s... 111% do conv 4a. .. ...1074?
C C C & StL g 48.102 Wabash lsts . . . lloS
Chi Term 4s .00% do 2ds ;; mi?
Colo & South 4s.. 96 do deb B ..' *" 76«u
Den & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s. } i."ll5V4
Erie prior Hen 4s. 101% Wheel & L E 4s 94^
dogen4s ..80 Wis Cent 4s.. .... 93(4
Ft W & D C lsts. 113 Con Tob 4s. ...... 67%
. NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
; Adams Con 20 Little Chief ..... 12
Alice 40 Ontario .......... 8 50
Breece 50 Dphir - 1 00
Brunswick Con... ' 08 Phoenix 05
Comstock Tunnel. 05% Potosl ...... 17
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Savage ......."" ¦ 05
Dead wood Terra. . 1 00 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Silver ...... 1 30 Small Hopes .... 45
Iron Silver ....... . 75 Standard ......... 3 00
LeadvllleCon .... 05' ....... d 00
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. '
Money— United Fruit ...'.111 «
Call loans ....3%@4 fVestlngh Commn 105
Time loans 4@5 Mining y - - >, '-.
Bonds — ' .' ' • Adventure .'. . . .'.'." 23V!
Atchison 4s 102% Allouez ...... 2%
Gas lsts 95 Amalgamated ..." 66 V,
Mex Cent 4s...:.. 82 Daly West ?? 44*
N E O'& Coke.1. 59% Bingham ......' '-'¦• 34
Railroads— Calumet & Hecla.' 580
Atchison 82 Centennial ..... r.' 18
do prefd .......100% Copper Range.... 56
Boston &' Albany. 260 , Dom Coal . 137V
Boston & Maine.. 201: Franklin ...T. .'.*.'. 11
Boston Elevated.. 165 Isle Royale 12V
N Y N H & H...230 Mohawk ......'."; 41 •
Fltchburg prefd... 143 Old Dominion ..!. 20%
Union Pacific ....105 , Osceola 60%
Mexican Central.. 28 Parrot .."....:..../ 28
Miscellaneous — ~ Qulncy ...:... 132
Am Sugar :...... 12% Santa Fe Copper. 2 '
do prefd 119 Tamarack ..... . .175
Am Tel &Tel. . . .176% Trimountaln ..... 95
Dom Iron & Steel: 53% Trinity .......... 12%
Gen Electric 305 United States ... 20
Mass Electric ... 43% Utah 21 \1
do prefd ....;.. 08 Victoria ......... 6
N.E G & Coke.... 3 Wlnona.;.... ¦ 4
US Steel... 38% Wolverine ....... 54,,.
, do prefd ."89 , ' "
Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal. 9%c; Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%e; Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip, ll®13e; Dry Calf. 16@13c; Culls and
Brands. IS® 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
SOc each; short wool, 40@60c each: medium.
C5@75c; long Wool, S0c@*l 20 each; Horn*
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 50(32 for small and 50c for Colts; Horsa
Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32 Vic;. dry salted Mexi
can, 23c; dry Central American, 32%c. Goat
Eklns — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 5%@6c per lbj
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3%c.
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendoclno.
16@18c; Northern free, 14@16c; do. defective.
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@13c; do. de
fective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months. 9@10c;
do, 7 months, 9@llc; Foothill, lljjl.'to; Neva
da, 12 @ 15c: Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do.
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
HOPS — 12@12^c for fair and 13314a per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c.
WASHINGTON. June 21.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $202,049,221; gold, $99,918,
160. " .......
Condition of the Treasury.
The carload of Eastern Hens that was re
ceived on the preceding^ day was still oa
hand and selllDg slowly. Another car Is ex
pected to-morrow. The market for Callfornlan
was very dull and receipts were too light to
warrant any change In the quotations.
There Is very little doing In Game and what
little comes meets • with prompt sale.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
$1 25: Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $3 HOfi
for eld and $4@5 50 for young; Hens, $4@5 50;
young Roosters. $5 5007; old Roosters $4 50
@5; Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers. $3@4 for
targe and $2@2 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 7o
per dozen- for old and $1 60 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 25; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 21. — Cotton futures opened
easy at prices unchanged to six points - lower
and closed with little or no reaction, the crop
news belns bearish.
The exports of specie from this port, to ¦ ajl
countries for this week aggregate $187,395 sil
ver and $14,297, gold.
The imports of dry goods and merchandise at
the port of New York for this week axe valued
at $10,282,288. ' • . ¦ ¦
NEW YORK, June 21. — The Imports of specie
this week were $18,399 gold and $37,302 silver.
Exports and Imports.
Local bank clearings gain $7,200,000 over last year.
Stocks and bonds still neglected and featureless.
Shipment of $158,698 in specie to the Orient.
Silver rather higher. Exchange as before quoted.
Spot Wheat firmer and futures weaker.
Barley easier, with increasing receipts.
Oats steadily held, with old crop almost cleaned up.
Com and Rye dull and unchanged. ;
Hay and Fccdstuffs steady at previous prices.
Nothing new in Beans and Seeds. ; s v:
Stocks of. Eggs lighter, and the market less demoralised.
Butter and Cheese in ample supply and unchanged.
New Yorkers indifferent to offerings of new Dried Fnuii.
Hides, Hops and Wool as before quoted.
Provisions still very quiet.
Meat market closes the week dull and unchanged.
Linseed Oil, Turpentine, Red and White Lead and Litharge
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables still in free supply.
Poultry in ample supply and slow. 4
Most of the ripe fruit going East. 111111
United States steel preferred stock Into bonds
has had a depressing effect on the securities of
that corporation and upon the general financial
sentiment. \Vith the Northern Securities pro
ject already contested In the courts, the shadow
of judicial disapproval is thus thrown over
the two most Important financial projects of the
recent era of expansion.
In the money market call . loans have been
easily negotiated, but the outlook for the fu
ture is not felt to be clear. The demand for
time loans has been a feature as it was the
week before. The advancing tendency of ster
ling exchange here and its decline In Paris
has called renewed attention to the large obli
gations of this market to foreign lenders 'and
the coming effect upon our money market of
the maturing of these obligations. The dis
count rate has advanced at Paris and that cen
ter has withdrawn funds from London, which
in turn has sold securities here, creating a de
mand for. exchange to pay for them. The for
eign trade statement for May issued this week
by the Bureau of Statistics > shows the small
est trade, balance in our favor for any May
since 1894. owing principally to the heavy fall
ing oft in the volume of exports of all classes
of agricultural exports. The exhibit Is dis
quieting on account of the expanded condi
tion of our foreign credits. Of domestic re
quirements, the week has seen, the announce
ment of various new«bond and capital issues,
including the opening of subscriptions to the
ship company- and Metropolitan Street Railway
bonds and various other proJectB. • The July
settlement requirements are yet to be met.
The July disbursements and th« repeal of the
war taxes are looked to for relief both here and
abroad. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Mustard,- $3 25@3 60; Flax, $2 25®2 50; Cana
ry. 3&c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah 10%-#
ll\4c; California, 10@10&c; Rape. l%®2»4c;
Hemp, 3% per lb. ' " '
1 DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
@1 C5; Blackeye, $1 75@2. " .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
iRecelpts of new Potatoes continued large
and- the market was weaker owing to the
heavy accumulation of inferior stock. Choice
stock was in limited supply and sold readily
at a premium, seme going as high as 2c per
lb. . ' ,
- Onions were offering freely and prices showed
little variation.
' Tomatoes • and cucumbers were lower under
heavy receipts. - Peas, String Beans and Green
Corn were firm under a steady Inquiry both
locally and for shipping. Receipts of other
vegetables were liberal and offerings sold well
at about the same prices.
POTATOES— New Early S Rose. 40@S3c in
boxes and sacks; Burbanks. 40c@$l 50 with
some- fancy higher; Garnet Chiles 00c@$l 10; old
Burbanks, 50@75c; Sweets, $2 50 for Merced.
- ONIONS — Australian, ?2@2 25, second hands:
Silverskins, $1@1 15; new Red, 50@60c per
sack. ¦ . ¦
• VEGETABLES-^Green Corn. 15@25c per
dozen;- Asparagus, $1@2 50 ¦ per box; Rhu
barb, 50c@?l per box; Green Peas, $1 50@2 25
per sack; String Beans, ¦ 2@2%c per lb and 2@
3c for Wax; Refugee. Beans, 3@3%c per lb.
Cabbage, 90c@$l per ctl; California Tomatoes,
50c@$l per box or crate; Mississippi, 85c@$l
per crate: Dried Peppers. 10@llc per lb; Car
rots. $1 per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville.
75c@$l per box: Bay, $2@2 25 per large box;
.Hothouse do, 25®50c per dozen; Garlic, 2@3c
for new; Los Angeles Green Peppers, 8® 10c:
Stockton do, 10c; Mexican do. 6@10c; Egg
Plant from i Los Angeles. 8@10c; Summer
Squash, 40@60c for small boxes and $1 25@1 50
for large; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton;
Hubbard Squash, S15@20.
ST. JOSEPH, June 21.— CATTLE— Receipts,
28.' Nominal. Natives, $4 S 76®7 83; cows and
heifers, $1 50@6; veals, $3 80@6; stockers and
feeders, • $2@5 60. -
HOGS — Receipts, 5200. Steady. Lleht and
light mixed, $7 10@7 B5; medium and heavy,
$7 45@7 75; pigs, $4@6 75. ...
SHEEP— Receipts. 120. Nominal.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO, June 21.— CATTLE— Receipts.
300. Nominal. Good to crime steers, $7 50 Jp
8; poor to medium, $4 75@7 40; stockers and
feeders, $2 50@5 25; cows, $1 40@5 75; heifers,
$2 B0@6 25; canners, $1 40@2 40; bulls, $2 25®
5 50: calves. $2 50@6 50; Texas fed steers, $4
@6 60. '=.-.. ,
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 10,000; Monday, 38,
000; left over,' 4000. Steady to strong. Mixed
and butchers', $7 20@7 65; good to " choice
heavy, $7 65@7 77%; rough heavy, $7 20@7 50;
light, $7 10@7 45; bulk, $7 35@7 60.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1500. Sheep, steady;
lambs, steady. Good to choice wethers, $4@
5 50; fair to choice mixed, $3 75<®4 50; West
ern sheep, $2 50@4 75; native lambs, clipped,
$5@6 75:, Western lambs, $5@6 75; spring
lambs, $7 10. «.¦
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
The Financier says: The official statement
of the Associated Banks for last week showed
as the most striking- feature an Increase of
$7,944,700 in loans.. This was not altogether un
expected, for the speculation on the Stock Ex
change was active during the week at generally
advancing prices, thus calling for Increased
bank accommodation.? Moreover, there was the
beginning 1 - of the accumulations of money pre
paratory to the July disbursements. The specie
increased $919,000, while the legal tenders fell
off $42,100, making the net increase in cash re
serves, $876,900; the eBtimated gain was $2,5S8.
800. The interbank movement was quite uni
form throughout the week, as also were the
sub-treasury operations, and the difference be
tween the official and the estimated gain in the
previous week was slight, so that it is altogeth
er Improbable that the actual changes in that
week i could have been reflected In the return
last week. Possibly the discrepancy between
the actual and the: estimated gain in cash in
last week's statement was partly due to for
eign, exchange operations, which were Im
portant.. Another explanation is that the trust
companies during the week probably drew con
siderable amounts of ¦> cash from the banks in
order to strengthen their reserves preparatory
to the making of their semi-annual statements
to the State Banking Department. The de
posits were. $8,084,000, or $737,600 less than the
amount called for by the increase in loans and
the net ' gain In cash ; therefore, the statement
was not entirely harmonious. The required re
serve was increased $2,021,000, deducting there
from in surplus reserve, making this item $12,
158,250, against $6,611,150 at the corresponding
date a year ago.
NEW YORK, June 21.— -The weekly state
ment of the averages of the Associated Banks
shows: Loans, '?889, 015, 100; increase, $7,904, -
700. Deposits, 1 $950,952,600; increase, $8,084;000.
Circulation, $31,315,300; decrease, $60,700;
Legal tenders, $76,603,700; decrease, $42,100.
Specie, $173,292,700; increase. $919,000. . Re
serve, $249,896,400; Increase, $876,900. ¦ Re
serve required, $237,73S,150; increase, $2.021, -
000. Surplus, $12,158,250; decrease, $1,144,100.
Associated Banks' Statement.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was^steady; creameries, 18@22c; dairy,
17y.@19%c; cheese, steady, 10@llc; eggs, firm,
fresh 15^c. . ,.. ' •
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign
Chicago Grain and Produce.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce.
35
ETA
KT1C
c -
*
c
(I
¦ j*
HI
a S"
C
&5'i So- a
Aftori;
Baker
Carsor
Eureki
Fresnc
Flafcst
Pocate
Indepc
l>os Ai
Phoeni
Portia
Red B
Rogebl
Bacrac
e&it l
Ben Fi
la ..
n . .
: a
o ..
taflt
ello.
ende:
npel>
ilx ..
tnd .
Huff
urg
ment
'ranc
']
:n
le
tc
a
Ma
nee
is .
o .
lsco
. .29.R8
.29.70
..29.74
. .2!».«2
. .29.<i8
. .29.78
1.28.74
29.08
. .29.78
..29.56
..29.70
..£0.80
. .29.7«
,.29. 70
0.29. Hii
««>
88
. 8<i
<;<;
102
KS
KS
7«
78
112
-84
9«
84
00"
J»<5
C2
• **. ]
50
«50
«e
42
52
70
56
C8
62
52
50
54
4.6
SW Cloudy .00
SW Cloudy .00
W Clear .00
SW Clear .00
SW Clear : .00
SW Pt Cldy .00
S Cloudy .00
S Clear .00
W Clear .00
XW Clear .00
W Pt Cldy .00
BE Clear .00
N Pt Cldy .00
S Clear .00
N Clear .0(1
W Clear .00
tTATlONa
• £• ¦ 5
-ii.il
c • c ,
5 . 3
i
2.
I
a
g.
So
2 j
v r
Chico 98
CloverdaJa 95
Colusa 94
Kureka 66
Fresno 102 ¦
Hanford 105
Hollister 93
Independence .. 96
King City 98
Lilverrpore 95
Los 'Angeles.... G6
Napa 88
Newman ..;.... 100
Palermo 98
Portervllle 103
Red Bluff 86
Riverside 90
Sacramento .... 90
San Diego 66
San Francisco. . 62
San Jose ' 85
S. Li. Obispo. ..'. 86
Santa Maria.... 80
Santa Rosa. .... 85 *
Ventura 70
Willows 95
57
52
62
60
66
-62
43
70
46
50
56
48
56
51
61
0(3
50
56
58
48
44
50
54
«47
56
62
.00 Clear
'.66 Clear
.00 Clear
.'66 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 ' •
i6o Clear
.00 Clear
_'.OO . '.'.'.'.'.
¦ 66 dear
.00
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
!66 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
8
Nff
w"
s
W*
sw
h"
EE*
s"
"W
•w
n"
w"
SE
"0
8
ii
f"
"a
16
12
30
'e
X
ETA
KT1C
c -
*
c
(I
¦ j*
HI
a S"
C
&5'i So- a
Aftori;
Baker
Carsor
Eureki
Fresnc
Flafcst
Pocate
Indepc
l>os Ai
Phoeni
Portia
Red B
Rogebl
Bacrac
e&it l
Ben Fi
la ..
n . .
: a
o ..
taflt
ello.
ende:
npel>
ilx ..
tnd .
Huff
urg
ment
'ranc
']
:n
le
tc
a
Ma
nee
is .
o .
lsco
. .29.R8
.29.70
..29.74
. .2!».«2
. .29.<i8
. .29.78
1.28.74
29.08
. .29.78
..29.56
..29.70
..£0.80
. .29.7«
,.29. 70
0.29. Hii
««>
88
. 8<i
<;<;
102
KS
KS
7«
78
112
-84
9«
84
00"
J»<5
C2
• **. ]
50
«50
«e
42
52
70
56
C8
62
52
50
54
4.6
SW Cloudy .00
SW Cloudy .00
W Clear .00
SW Clear .00
SW Clear : .00
SW Pt Cldy .00
S Cloudy .00
S Clear .00
W Clear .00
XW Clear .00
W Pt Cldy .00
BE Clear .00
N Pt Cldy .00
S Clear .00
N Clear .0(1
W Clear .00
tTATlONa
• £• ¦ 5
-ii.il
c • c ,
5 . 3
i
2.
I
a
g.
So
2 j
v r
Chico 98
CloverdaJa 95
Colusa 94
Kureka 66
Fresno 102 ¦
Hanford 105
Hollister 93
Independence .. 96
King City 98
Lilverrpore 95
Los 'Angeles.... G6
Napa 88
Newman ..;.... 100
Palermo 98
Portervllle 103
Red Bluff 86
Riverside 90
Sacramento .... 90
San Diego 66
San Francisco. . 62
San Jose ' 85
S. Li. Obispo. ..'. 86
Santa Maria.... 80
Santa Rosa. .... 85 *
Ventura 70
Willows 95
57
52
62
60
66
-62
43
70
46
50
56
48
56
51
61
0(3
50
56
58
48
44
50
54
«47
56
62
.00 Clear
'.66 Clear
.00 Clear
.'66 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 ' •
i6o Clear
.00 Clear
_'.OO . '.'.'.'.'.
¦ 66 dear
.00
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
!66 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
.00 Clear
8
Nff
w"
s
W*
sw
h"
EE*
s"
"W
•w
n"
w"
SE
"0
8
ii
f"
"a
16
12
30
'e
X
AUCTION SALES
fe ; fe fe
Absolute Dispersal Sale at Auction
OF
-TROTTING-BRED BROOD
MARES, COLTS AND FILLIES
From the GABILAN STOCK FARM of HON.
JESSE D. CARR. Salinas, Cal.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26. 19O2, at II a. m..
AT SALESYARD. 1732 Market St., corner Van
Nes3 ave., San Francisco, Cal.
Electionesr. Boodle. Wllkes and Mambrino
Patcben Blood, backed by that of the great
Williamson's Belmont. One of the grandest
collections of Brood Mares. Celts and Fillies
ever offered In California. Mares with coif-
by and in foal to Boodle Jr. 34,S."U>, Nutwood
Wllkes 2:16Vj, Ebce 15,903. Hambletonian
Wilkes 1679 and other high-class stallions.
Horses at yard June 22. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Ki:ii;> & Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
J&5 S^V
On same day will sell consignment of 30 head
well broken horses, weighing from 1050 to 1300,
from the Dennis ranch, Mariposa County.
FRED H. CHASE & CO., 1732 Market st.
JUST ARRIVED AND MUST BE SOLD, a
car of GOOD GENTLE HORSES; also wagons,
surreys, buggies and carts at 1140 Folsora st.,
TUESDAY. June 24, at 11 a. m.
fe 5^
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES cheap at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET.THE SAN^ FKA^CISCO GALL, SUNDAY, JTJISrE 22, 1902.
36
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 p. m.
S0O Hayes Etreet: open until 8:30 p. m.
639 McAllister Etreet; open until 8:30 p. m.
S15 Larkln Etreet: open until 9:80 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2201 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
1C6 Eleventh etreet; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. in.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
CHURCH SERVICES.
HOWARD-STREET
Methodist Episcopal Sunday-school,
643 Howard 6t., bet. Second and Third.
Children's Day Exercises.
Sunday EVng, June 22, 1902, at 7:30 o'clock.
1— "All Hail tha Power of Jesus' Name"
Congregation
2 — Responsive Scripture Reading and
Prayer Led by Dr. Wilson
S — "Bringing in the Sheaves".. Congregation
4 — "Welcome" Marion Fteher
6 — "Little Blossoms" Three Little .Girls
6 — "Nearer, My God. to Thee'* Tableau
7— "Little Soldiers of the King"
Six Little Boys
8 — "Children" (acrostic) Eight Glria
8 — "Our Lord's Prayer in Rhyme"
Gladys Gardner
10 — "Contentment Better Than Rlchee" .
Earl Gillette and Willie Bright
11 — <TI1 Be a Sunbeam" Merle Capel
13 — Remarks by the Superintendent
. Axel L. Larson
13_"The Lifeboat" Eight Boys
14— "Nobody Cares for Baby".. Cecil Dawson
15 — "Do Not Forbid the Children"
Irene Gardner
16 — "Death's Blunder" Mignon Hoyt
17 — "Rock of AK-es" Leona Burgess
18 — "Jesus, Give Me a Mamma"
Graydon Dawson
19 — "Little Friends of Jesuo".. Sunday-school
20 — "Ruth's Faith in Prayer"... Helen Travis
21 — "America" Maude Cogging
S3— "Good-night" Myrtle Smith
ta — "Closing Address" Floyd Clark
24— "God Be With You 'Till We Meet
Again" •' Congregation
25 — Benediction Dr. John A. B. Wilson
26— Doxology Congregation
6IMPS0N Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens, the pastor, will preach
at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Topic for the
morning. "The Gift of a Kingdom." and for
the evening, "True Manliness Is True God-
liness." Good music at all services. Beats
free. AH invited. Sunday school at 12:45
p. m. Epworth League at 6:45 p. m.
TRINITY Church, cor. Bush and Gough Bts. —
F. W. Clampett, D. D., rector. Services:
Holy communion, 7 :30 a. m. ; morning prayer
and eermoh. 11 o'clock; evening prayer and
eermon, 4 o'clock. A brief organ recital will be
given immediately after the 4 o'clock service.
Strangers cordially welcomed at all services.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
ave. and Sacramento Bt. — Rev. William Kirk
Outhrie, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and
1:45 p. m. Pastor will preach mornlcg and
'evening:. Sunday school at 12:45 p. m. Chris-
tian Endeavor at 6:30 p. m. Wednesday
evening prayer meeting at 8 o'clock. All are
cordially invited. : "¦'-.
CALVARY Presbj-terian Church, corner Cali-
fornia and Octavia streets — Rev. John Hemp-
hill, D. D., pastor; Rev. George G. Eldredge,
associate pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock: Dr. Hemphill will preach; sermon
topic, "Prayers. Heard and Unheard." Even-
ing sen-ice at 7:45 o'clock; Mr. Eldredge will
preach; sermon topic, "Christ Is Near." Sun-
cay schools at 10 a. n. and 12:30 p. m. Y.
P. S. C. E. at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting
Wednesday at S p. ra. *
UNITARIAN Church (First), Bouthwest cor.
Geary and Franklin 6ts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavitt, minister; Rev. Dr. Stebblns, minister
emeritus; Charles A. Murdock, superintendent
of Sunday school. The Sunday school Is
closed. The morning service Is at 11
o'clock. Rev. George W. Stone, field secre-
tary A. U. A., will preach; subject, "Righ-
teousness." Music by choir and chorus. H.
Bretherick, organist and director. All are
cordially invited. There is no evening ser-
vice.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and
Mason Bts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D. D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. ra., topic, "They Also Serve Who Only
Stand and Wait." At 7:45 p. m., topic, "No
Impossibilities." AH are cordially invited.
PLYMOUTH CONGREGATIONAL CHURClE
Post, near Webster 6t_ — Rev. F. B. Chemig-
ton. pastor. At II a. m., preaching by pas-
tor. 7:15 to 8 p. m,, vesper service. Sunday
echool, 9:30 a. m., Morris Marcus, superin-
tendent.
A GREAT union mass meeting of men will be
held to-day at 3 p. m. at the Young Men's
Christian Association auditorium. Mason and
Ellis sts., to be addressed by the Rev. Fran-
cis M. Larkin. Subject. "The Young Man
in His Own Mind." The service is exclusive-
ly for men. Good music. All men are wel-
come.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter Bt., between Kearny and
Grant ave. — Christian Science service at 11
a." m. ; subject of lesson sermon, "Is the Uni-
verse, Including Man, Evolved by Atomic
Force?" Sunday school for children at the
same hour. Wednesday evening meeting at 8
o'clock. Free reading-room, 206 Kearny st.,
rooms 509-510. All are welcome.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ Druid
Temple, Folsom st., near Fourteenth — Preach-
ing 11 a. m. by local minister; 7:45, by A.
H. Smith, ratriarch. This church was organ-
ized by divine command to prepare a people
zealous of good works to reign on earth with
Christ when he comes Vin the clouds of
heaven to Judge those who obey not his Gos-
I>el." _^
SEVENTH Day Adventlst Church, 914 Laguna
et., between McAllister Bt- and Golden Gate
ave. — Preaching this evening at 7:45 o'clock
by the pastor, W. S. Sadler. Subject, "God's
Saving Grace." All are codlally Invited to
attend. "Seats free.
HERMETIC Brotherhood, open meeting- Thurs-
day evening. 26th Inst.. S o'clock. 509 Van
Ness ave. The master is come and calleth
for thee.
THE Theosophical Society, Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. president, founder. Pacific Coast head-
quarters Odd Fellews' building — Publio lec-
ture to-n!?ht at 8 o'clock by Mr. Frederick M
Willis. Subject. "Celestial Ethics." Publio
meeting on Thursday afternoon at • 2:30.
Lending library open dally from 1 to 4 p. m.
MEETINGS SUNDAY. "
AA— DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN*S free lecture
this evening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle
609 Market rt. Subject, "The Evolution of
Surgery." f. lowed by beautiful views of an-
cient ruins of Greece; free tickets to X-Ray
exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday evening.
AT 117 Larkin, Dj. Wheeler's Church — Mes-
Bages by prominent mediums: all mediums
welcome. Subject, "Why Failure, Not Suc-
cess, Strength for All." Singing by Miss
Tracie. Admission, 10c
GOLDEN GATE Lodge. T. S.. Colonel Olcott.
president, founder — Public lecture to-night in
Flood building at 8 o'clock, by Miss M. A.
Walsh; subject, "The Magic of the Spoken
Word."
WYLLIE, photo medium; skeptics, bring cam-
era and plates; do your, own developing.
S09 Turk et.
PR. BRODTHOOD. lecture and reading. 205
Larkin st_, 8 p. m. "Is America a Christian
Nation?" 15c.
TESTS, front hall, 809 Market. 11, free; 2-8.100-
\\ ilson. Case. Inspirational lecture, Katie
TESTS. 909 Market, rear.. It free; 2-8. 10c;
Swan. Maxwell. Hoigson. McKee. others; or^
clnation.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd Fel-
Iowb building. Se\-enth and Market sts. Mrs.
R. S. L:llie. speaker. Admission free.
LADIES' Aid eocial and dance Friday evening,
June 27. 11C4 O'Farrell et. Don't forget.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing seance to-nleht
8 p. m.. 50c. 1084 Bush; phone Larkln 4133:
MRS. STODDARD'S convincing test to all; dr.
des. 10c, Sun.. Tues.; read, dally. 278 9th.
W.G.KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat.; 10c; sittings dally. 148 6th et!
ATTEND MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-nieht :
best tests 10c; readings 50c-$L 132 Sixth bL
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C j"
- Meyer; eittings daily; test to all to-night; 100!
"NOW" lecture. Henry Harrison Brown
"Love." Odd Fellows' bldg.?1 3 p. a. ; muste!
"DARWIN* and God" : lecture by Isaac Selbr
to-night at Golden Gate Hall at 8 crclock?
TEST circles, 10c. 8 p. m.; readings dally, 50c
Mrs. Hubbard. 109 Oak st.
MRS. VIGARS' test meeting, 10c. 148 Sixth
ft., room 32. . . *"¦*¦'•"
SUNDAYLECTCRES.
VAN AUKEN lecture omitted this week. Re-
moved to 424 Ellis et., near Jones.
f^ BIEETIXG XOTICES. ~~~~ ~
PICNIC of Vereln Oesterreich. the a
leading German-speaking Austrian tg'CPSa
society in this city, at Germania Gar- £?iJ*MeF
cer,. Harbor View, SUNDAY, June Pg2S
22, 19C2; plenty of fun for young and **
old. Admission 25c.'
EL'REKA BENEVOLENT ASSOCIATION—
The eemi-annual, meeting of the members
of this Association will be held on SUNDAY
June 29. l'J02, at 30:30 a. m., at the office
ot the Association, 436 O'Farrell Bt. By order.
MEYER H. LEVY, Secretary.
_ _^_ _ _ _ _- _ _ _ JFI Iff AJf CI AXj.'. ¦ _/¦"'.. _\' : : ___
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
Bold; stock accepted 'for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
: MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
FOR • sale > or : exchange— 10 shares Sutro Elec-
tric -R. . R.' stock, 1000 shares in company
owning 6 rich g-old mines, -5000 shares of oil
stock. . C. F: MOORE, 935 Market st.
A/WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
3116 pages,- in wrapper for mailing," $1 per year.
j ¦ FLATS TO LET. y_
ELEGANT sunny new flat r of 8 rooms and
.bath; all modern- improvements 1 and marine
view. 30 Baker st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN
& CO.^ 14 Montgomery st. ¦¦,_
AN elegant ¦'. upcer " flat, 6 sunny rooms and
basement; Just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts. ;- half block from Market
. st. ; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate . Park.-
CHESLEY. 52. off Harrison, near Seventh — Up-
per flat of five good, rooms, with good cellar
: and yard ; rent $13. ; ' -
THREE modern sunny flats. 6 rooms and bath;
Alabama st., near Twenty-fourth; reasonable.
Inquire 2951 Twenty-fourth st.. cor. Alabama.
A— $17 50; CHEAPEST flat in city: 5' sunny
rms., bath. 549 Valencia st.. bet. 16th & 17th.
A— $10; SUNNY bay-window flat; 3 rma., yard.
821 Valencia st., nr. Nineteenth, third floor.
A— NEW 6-room flat; bath; $20; sunny. 1412
• ¦ Pacific St. : ' '¦ -.-.- /- ' - - - ¦:___ m
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath, Rincon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne St.. near Harrison.
BOWIE, j 5." ' off Eleventh — A flat of 3 rooms ;
< cheap rent to a small family. - ' . ;
CARL, 258 — Yard, basement, sunny,- front;
beautiful view : of park; Just completed.
200 FRANKLIN St.— Sunny flat, 4 rooms and
bath. - - - ¦ '¦-. -
FURNISHED flat; 8 rooms; desirable part of
California sf. Address box 1139, Call.
MCALLISTER, 637 — 3 nice large sunny- rooms
and bath; rent reasonable; no children.
MODERN flats; 6 fine sunny rooms; bath; base-
2 ment; yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Farrell.
NEW, light, eunny, lower, handsome, up-to-
date; 7 & S rms; marine view. 2521 Van Ness..
NEW up ' to date flats on San Jose ave., be-
tween Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth sts.
NEW elegant flat. 7 rooms; vacant July 1. 882
Pine Et., ; near Tayldr. .
TO LET — Upper flat, 5 rooms, bath; almost
new. 9 Germanla ave.
TWO new sunny flats of .7 and 9 rooms ; north
side. 1112-1116 Fell st.
UPPER part of house, 5 rooms and bath. -0
Elgin Park, bet, Hermann and Thirteenth.
UPPER -flat of 4 rooms and bath. 133 San
, Carlos ave., near Eighteenth st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
NEWLY furnished 7-room • flat, centrally lo-
cated; party will room and board with ten-
ant If desired. Box 1137, Call.
FURNITURE FOR •SALE.
FOR sale, cheap— Furniture of four rooms; up-
right piano and everything complete for
housekeeping; rooms for rent cheap/- Call
afternoons, ¦ 536 Thirty-first St., Oakland.-
4 ROOMS furnished. In oak,. $48 50, with No. 7
range." King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms, bath; 3 rooms
bring in $20; rent $17. 320 Linden ave.
5 ROOMS of furniture complete. $300. Apply
' 1113 Railroad ave., Alameda.
FURNITURE WANTED.
OTTO M AxTl420^CaiIf ornitTstriJays highest
price for | houses, flats, stores, etc. ; auction
estimates made. Phone • Larkin 956. ,>" -.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work In making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st. ; tel. Bush 421.
_._' J^ ;• _^'__ _ _ . 'gloves. ._~_.^,,_
TRY Danicheff One ; Dollar Glove; you will
. - never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALe!
A CHAMBERMAID for a first-class hotel at
: Lake Tahoe, $25, fare paid.
"A pantry girl for same hotel, $25.
- A pantry maid for resort, $25.
. A kitchen maid for private family, $20.
A pantry maid for Yosemlte Valley, $25.
" A waitress for Napa Soda Springs, $25;' 2
waitresses for Napa Soda Springs, $25 each.
! A laundress for private family, $30; 4 wait-
resses for first-class hotel near by,- $25 each;
10 waitresses for city hotels, $25 each. ¦ '•'
A parlor maid and waitress, 2 in family,
$30.
A lady's maid and seamstress, $25.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. near PowelL
A NIGHT nurse for institution; must care for
children; wages $30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter St., near Powell. \
— :> — r~~ —
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls
will be taken . for ' Instruction on overalls,
with a stated amount guaranteed to begin-
ners. J STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts. • .-•-.":%-;
WANTED — By a wholesale general merchandise
house, an Aland experienced stenographer;
state where last employed and ~ salary re-
ceived; good" position. Box 1148, Call office,
WANTED— An Intelligent woman who has had
experience in sewing mattress ticks, and to
/tend store; wages $8 per week. Address box
/ 1174, Call office.
WANTED— Children who can sing and dance.-
Apply to-day,; between 1 and 2 p. m., Archie
Levy's Amusement Association, 107 Maaon st.
BRIGHT woman to take my route on the road;
all expenses paid. Address MRS. R., hox
1150, Call office.
OPERATORS, experienced; also learners, paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS. Muslin
Underwear Factory; 697 Mission st.
EXPERIENCEli operators on . power sewing
machines -wanted. Apply J. ¦ J. PFISTER
KNITTING- CO., 412 Polk st.
GIRL for general housework In family of
three. , Call this morning between 10 and
12 o'clock at 1712 Octavia St., near Bush.
YOUNG girl for general housework;
small family. 2332 Pine St., between Fill-
more and . Stelner. -
WANTED — Young girl as apprentice for ladies'
¦ tailor; paid' while learning. Call Monday
morning, 984 Geary st.
A YOUNG girl to go camping In Ross Valley;
lights work; $10 'per month. Address box
1136, Call office.
WANTED — Neat dressmaker apprentice. 1207^4
S Bush st.
A YOUNG girl wanted to take care of one
child; must live at home. Box 1078. . Call.
WANTED — Retouchers at Bushnell's. 1510 Mar-
-.; kef st:,\- --;.-,. ¦ ¦'::¦;,
WANTED—- Hairdresser and apprenticed Call
at Goldstein & Cohn, 822 Market st.
RESPONSIBLE woman for position of trust
and' reliability. Box 1149, Call office.;
WANTED — Experienced cutter and fitter oil
waists and skirts. 238 Ninth st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. . BBLASCO
: & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
WANTED — A woman to help in kitchen. 113
,- Turk st. '- '-,-.¦ . - r : ¦ : .- .
GIRL : for general housework ; references. Call
morning, .703 Broderick St., near McAllister.
EXPERIENCED hands on silk and wool
'•;. waists. Apply JUDA. BROS.,, 320 Market st.
COMPETENT girl for cooking and housekeep-
lng; references. Apply afternoon, 1920 Baker.
STENOGRAPHER understanding bookkeeping;
' •: answer^ own . handwriting. Box 1172, Call, r
WANTED — A good woman cook for men.- Ap-
ply 2030 ; Seventeenth St., cor. .Vermont.
WANTEIM-Toung girl to assist in housework;
, no ..washing. ' Call; to-day at 714%. Ivy^ave.
EXPERIENCED lunch and dinner waitress; 6
-hours a day; $25 per mo.; also 3-meal wa it-
j ress. : ,] 725 Market st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN.
HOW TO. SEW OVERALLS; .WE TEACH
, YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORKrGOOD PAY.
; LEVI' STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
¦ST.; MR: DAVIS.
$4 DO— HAIRDRESSING," manicuring, massage,
hair work; taught in 2 weeks; positions guar-
anteed in stores and with private customers,
$50 and' $75 per; month; class day and even-
Ing. . College 233 Geary st., rooms " 13-15. .
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &
-..-- HARRIS .CO.'. 1 541 Market st. ;.
A — SHIRTMAKERS and * finishers. EAGLE-
S.CN-.& CO.: to5 Market st.
''¦ BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
WANTED— A' good saloon in wholesale dls-'
trict/ THE COAST, 783% Market st.
$250— Cigar stand for Eale; cost $500; snap.
$500 buys manufacturing business; wlll.net
$5000 a year. ¦— , • '-.'.,:
$325 for -9-room house; rooms all rented;
worth $650. . . »• - * -' /-. ¦
$425 buys busy printing office; cost $1450.
16 rooms on O'Farrell st. for $900.
$55 — Cigar store; rent only $10.
S3000— Market-st. saloon. .' .
$900 — First-class cigar store on Market st.
$250 — Pork and sausage etall in first-class
market; doing $300 per month business.
$100 buys half interest in paying office busi-
ness. THE COAST. 783^ Market st. .;,-¦
A — WE can sell all kinds of business quick for
cash. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third st.
I A^CIGAR store; best In city; receipts $15 day;
j cheap for cash. STRAND. 78 Third st. '
$200— BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery; new
oven; full value in stock; good business; large
cellar suitable for any bakery; 3 living rooms.
BASILE, 3 Eddy st.
$300— SALOON; good trade; full value; 8 back
rooms; rent $15; must be sold at once. 602%
Third st. ..-,.-•.
ROUTE in /Western Addition; building up dls-
irlct; reasonable. , Box 1792. Call.' ' '\.-_':±
LODGING-HOUSES . FOR SALE.
TO buy a lodging-house, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market St., bet.' 6th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates.- Phone Mint 1911.
FIRST CLASS TRANSIENT HOUSE— Elegant
furnishings; private baths;- genuine money
maker; very desirable; liqupr license; call,
maka offer. ¦ '.. .
86 rooms; rent $65; mixed furniture;. .. .$1200
23 rooms; rent $56; good furniture $1700
27 rms; rent $140; ideal transient house.$3000
9 rms; rent $50; genuine transient house. $550
Many choice Investments. Call. before buying.
(Phone Mint 1911).
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market St.. bet. 6th and 6th sts.
A — 8 ROOMS; $200, balance payments... $525
12 rooms; elegant; first-class; clears $70 1200
Paying rooming-house investment; in-
vestigate "H" 20,000
11 rooms; downtown; clears $75 550
80 rooms; always full 950
20 rooms; clears $95; only. ............. 800
12 rooms; corner; clears $50..... 825
45 rooms; clears $200.. ."2200
U0 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms; Just listed ...;.......: 650
30 rooms; clears $250; Investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... 1300
100 rooms; clears $000 9500
RETSLOFF, McMILLAN £ CO.; tel. John
531 ; 906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8).
WINSTON & WOLF,
Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st.
21 rooms; rent $50; part cash. ..... ....$1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furniture...-., 2500
• 28 rooms; must sell; make offer: cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $82; a money-maker.... 1S50
98 rooms; modern; elev.; cor.; reduced.. 6500
28 rooms; rent $40; part cash. 550
9 rooms.; cheap rent; G. G. ave ..... 450
23 rooms; central; modern; part cash... 1850
31 ROOMS; rent $115; clears $120 month; cor-
ner; r.rice $2550; 2 floors ;, apartment house;
. roomers care for their rooms; oak aid cherry
furniture; moquet carets.
15 rooms; central; respectable; corner;
clears $80 month; owner will swear to It
before notary public; will sell for. $750 spot
cash. .. ,
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 -Market, nr. Call Bid.
A.1CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, caM; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to
Bhow houses. Carriage at door.
Money loaned, 1% percent.:
100 ROOMS, country transient; low rent. $6500
800 rooms; corner house; for men 6000
16 rooms; sunny corner: fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
HotelB, roadhouses,- flats, 5 to 200 rooms. '
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
. We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms: sunny fiat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% P*r cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY, ' "¦ •
850 Market st.— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281."
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business, chances ¦ and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
"Loan money at lowest rates. . .
Something new every day.
New houses to lease. .
TO buy a lodging-b«-ise, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
RYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st.
-16 rooms; forced sale; all light $550
14 rooms; clears $48; sickness. .... .......$450
16 rooms; fine location; other business. .$650
500 houses for Bale. .. '
MORTGAGED lodging bouse; $200 secures It;
profit $137 60 monthly. MORRISON & CO.,
26 Montgomery St., room 4.
CORNER house: 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion St.. cor. Ninth. , ,/
$100 WILL put you In a 16-room bouse; newly
furnished: will clear $50 over expenses. , In-
quire at 842 Howard st.
FURNISHED lodging-house; 19 rooms; good lo-
cation; electric lighted; rent $39. 12 Steuart.
$75 WILL put you in a house newly furnished
clearing $25 per month. Inquire 842 Howard.
GOOD transient, corner house; 10 rooms; a
snap at $200. 137. O'Farrell st., no agents. |
FOR SAL£! — 12-room transient house; paying;
cheap rent: 210 A Mason Bt. • "
SPIRITUALISM. "^^
MRS. "GREEN, direct spiritual messages; her
phase the most marvelous yet developed;
names given; dally, 10 to 8; special, 50c. .720
Leavenworth Bt.
BROCKWAY, 1052 Ellis St., near Franklin—
Materializing seance Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights, 50c; readings dally; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader; sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell St., nr. Gough; Ellis car.
KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve. ; 25c; readings dally/
MRS. SHEEHAN, trance, test medium readings
60c, $1. 316 Third. St.; clr. Tues.. Fri.. 25c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night, 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.-
MRS. SABLICK holds circle to-night, 10c;
readings dally. 1538 Market St., near Eighth.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601: seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— PROF. PAUL DESTINE,
,- THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO,
v PAUL DESTINE. 'the great reader of hu-
man . destiny, - may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life: his information and advlca
on }. marriage, divorce, separation, love ¦ and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits,- mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the saparated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, , makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness;
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the. physician's skill cured without
the use of medicine; . there is no home so
sad and dreary; no . heart so forsaken - and
lonely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this inspired man of . modern 'times; • no
matter what trouble you mav have, call and
he wllKhelp you or charge nothing • for his
fcervlces;* "palmistry taught, medlumistlo
persons developed;'' learn a profession that
will bring, you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a, m. to 8 p. m. ; fee, reasonable. -;.
¦"! 326 —O'Farrell Street. : — 326
A— ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; readings by m5.il as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
' $5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A — 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week' for 25c;
' clalrvoyantl-palmlst, card reader;, advice on
: all' affairs; -reunites - the t separated; , makes
happy, and speedy marriages in 9 days. : 10 to
1 8 daily. 1010 Mission st., near Sixth.
MME. PORTER.' wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with. double veil— second ¦ sight;
' diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit $1" 50. 126 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
lst; readings by mall. 1016 , Market at. ~
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. ¦ What
I tell comes true; -send dime -& birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704.- Chicago. V,
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, ; . the well-known trance
medium, permanently, located at 1206. Market
,6t, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M,, WILLE, 514 Taylor St., ' clairvoyant,
crystal- seer; reads your. life correctly without
questions; fuil names; 50c-$l;-10 a.m. to 8 p.m. |
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently ; , business '
advice; names given; 25c up.; 5, Fourth st. .
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card; reader; sit-
tings daily. -448% Jessie St., bet. 5th & 6th.
: -£on^
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'s.. Phone Grant 185
. .-. HOTEL DEPARTMENT • •
20 waitresses, springs,- fares pald....$20-$25
For Lake Co., Sonoma Co., Shasta Co
'-"10 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fares paid $25
2 extra waitresses, Santa Cruz, free fare both
. ways .-$1 50
100 waitresses, city, country and resort hotels
......'. $-5
' Chambermaids, ' country, notels, fares ad-
vanced $20
Chambermaid, city, no board........ $25
„<- 2 laundresses, same country place, farep^ld
„ $50
Man "and wife, laundry work, resort.... ".$50
Fancy Ironer. summer resort . $35
Waitress, Lake Tahae, fare paid $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Houseglrl, 2 In family. Capltola, $20; second
girl," Oakland. $25; cook and second girl,
Frultvale, party here, $45; others, city and
country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
' (Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny st.
¦ -..- and Grant aye.) . ' •..*
A WAITRESS, nurses' hall, watering resort,
fare paid, $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 429
¦ Bush St., bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.
A. WOMAN cook for boarding-house, city, $40;
no dishwashing. C. R. /HANSEN & CO., 429
Bush St., bet. Kearny 'st. and Grant ave.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged ; woman for
housekeeping; small family; good home and
wages. Apply 1436 Grove st. • '
' LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of self-
assertion ; good opportunity . for right party.
F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS sewers ladles' wrappers, tennis
gowns, etc. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell.
WANTED— Girls to Iron shirts. Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31, Battery at. >
COMPETENT woman for general housework;
$15. Congregational parsonage. San Mateo.
25 LADIES wanted for plain dancing. Call at
233 Powell st.; hours 2 to 5 p. m.
A COMPETENT nurse to take care of two
. girls; city references required. Box 1140. Call.
AN educated woman; must be capable; with-
. out encumbrances. Box 1142, Call office.
ACTIVE young woman to assist on dishes In
restaurant pantry. 725 Market st. v"> .; -
LEARN proofreading; sits, secured, $15 to $23
wkly. Home Correspondence School. Phila.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only - two
months required; special x offer this month:
hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
PACIFIC College, 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; hairdregsing, mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, switches, etc.; po-
sltions guar. in stores and private; day, eve.
LADIES — Learn to make beautiful laces on
"The Princess Lace Loom," and earn pin
money; laces bought. 36 Metropole, 6 Turk.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents' white shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Va-
lencia st.
A GIRL for cooking. 1005 Lombard st. Call
. morninss.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$25. - 2314 California st.
WANTED — Shoe fitters, dry and wax thread,
also edge setter and bottom flnlsher.26 Main.
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week (
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. "'• .v
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established^at 1090
Valencia st. '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent, to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
IT^^' """" '"""• •"• """ •'- -i-
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 633
Clay st.
." Phone Main 1191.
400 laborers, teamsters concrete men and
rockmen, $2 25 and $2 50 per day; fee $1....
Free- Fare Ship Monday Free fare
To Reno, Vista, Wadsworth,- Rokeby and
, Telegraph Point; we ship as advertised....
350 men for S, P. Co.'s own work
, For Sacramento, western and coast division.
To Tracy, Florin, Oakland. San Mateo, Red-
wood City, and other points. $1 60, $1 70 and
- $2; section, extra and concrete gangs. Free
fare .-.....' .• ;
176 laborers and miners. .$2 to $2 50 per day
14 quarrymen, free fare ...$2 per day
16 tanbark men ...$50 to $60 and fd
. 7 tlemakers, Mendoclno Co. ..12c to I80 each
.7 millwrights, country $3 50 to $4
2 blacksmiths, country $3 per day
7 teamsters ..." ...$150 per day and fd
36 laborers, near city $2 per day
5 solderers. city .$3 to $3 50
.-.Man and wife $65 and fd
Man and wife, ranch, see boss here 8 a. m.
• • ••••• •> S50 and fd
1 cook, ranch, see boss here 8 a. m. ; cook
for 3 people ; .530
1 colored cook, country ........^.$30 and fd
'2 waiters, country, free fare ...*... ..$35
15 waiters, dishwashers and porters.$15to$25
2 bellboys, to-day $12 and fd
Many other positions; call and read our
bulletins. .. -¦- : ;r- J -.-.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
(Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
..... . SHIP MONDAY
.....FREE TO NEVADA AND UTAH
..NO OFFICE FEE
.NO OFFICE FEE
COO Teamsters. Ludne, Utah.. See boss here
600 teamsters and laborers Nevada
200 concretemen, scraper holders and
loaders, tunnelmen, machine drillers
- • • • • • Nevada
Wages $2, $2 25 and $3
Come one Cost you nothing Come all
C. R. HANSEN... ....429 Bush st.
...(Between Kearny st and Grant ave.)...
AN engineer to run air compressor for RR.
tunnel, $35 and found; cook for RR. camp,
$50. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
CAMP cook for RR. camp, Nevada; $60
and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429
Bush st. . . -;-f. ; . ;
A. EUSTACE, the head waiter and steward,
kindly send address or call at C. R. HAN-
- SEN & CO.'S, 429 Bush st.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
...... TO 'ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare Free fare
100 teamsters '.$2 25 to $2 50- per day
100 rockmen .......... $2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County. Big sawmill
50 railroad laborers. $26 per month and board
12 sawmill and ' woodsmen . . :
• .' .......$26 to $65 per month and board
: SHIP TO-DAY..... FREE FARE
5 carpenters' helpers ...$2 per day
3 carpenters, country..'. $3 50 per day
10 lumber pliers, sawmill ;
.$40 per month and board
20 woodsmen. $40 to $60 per month and board
4 smelter men $72 per month
Camp- cook, 35 men $45 per month
: 4 men to pitch hay. .?1 50 per day and board
Camp blacksmith, horseshoer. .$2 50 per day
. 10 mill and wodsmen, Sisklyou County
•• ....$60 a month
Man and wife to cook, camp crew of 50
meiv$65 per month; 20 fruit pickers, $1 to
$125 a day and board; 6 families to pick
fruit for San Jose; 10 men for harvest field,
$2 per day and board; 3 men to run mower,
$1 50 per day and board; 3 general ranch
hands, $32 50 per montn and board.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 50 Third St. '.';.'..
A— -4 millwrights, $3 50 and aboard, fare ad-
. vanced ; 10 carpentere for country, $3 00 and
$4 00 day: 4 blacksmiths, $2 50 day and $45
and board, and $3 50 a day; 2 blacksmiths'
'.helpers, $40 and board and $2 day; 4 single
- hand miners, $2 a' day and- board: team-
ster and wife to board men; farmer and
wife, $40 and found ; milkers, $30 and $35
and found ; dairyman for 25 cows, $40 and
found; vegetable gardener, $40 and found-
milker and wife, $60 and found: 2 woodchop-
, ¦ pers, $1 50 cord ; 500 men for different kinds
. of laboring work at $2, $2 25 a day and $43
. month and found, and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st. — Chief cook,
$75; second cook, $70; second cook, country
hotel, $50: dishwasher, Santa Cruz. $25; dish-
washer. Sulphur springs, ?25; dishwasher
hotel, $30; potwasher, $30; glass pantryman,
i $25; cook, small restaurant, country, $40-'
-bellboy for club, $25; coachman, $40; as-
• slstant gardeners, $1 a day; carpenter, city
$3 50, Jobbing, steady work.
A FIRST-CLASS butler for steady Dlaee-
wages $50. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
St., ne"ar Powell. • ; . • , .' : ,
SALESMEN— $50 weekly and expenses guaran-
teed selling chemical refrigerating machines
to hotels," restaurants, : butchers and mer-
chants; cool all kinds of refrigerators cheap-
er than ice; also chemical ice cream freezer-
¦ "works automatically; write for territory; free
sample. Chemical Refrigerator and Freezer
fCo.. Station U. Chicago.
A GENTLEMAN of good address and a con-
vincing talker, to represent a- high class
- proposition on - a liberal basis, among the
leading mercantile Institutions of the city and
State. Only capable men need apply. A. B
HANCE, Columbian Building.
A— WANTED, to-day,' steady man for light in-
door business; must have $150 cash and be
satisfied with $75 to $100 month year around-
, no experience required. ; 78 Third St.. room 2.
WANTED-Toung man about 18 years old as
trimmer In electrical ' department. Apply
Monday morning; Superintendent, The Em-
porium. . •¦¦./. -'
TRAVELING salesman for , California to sell
¦retail trade; attractive salable 'line: estab-
t llshed house. Box 225, Detroit," Mich.
Continned. : ;
A— ISMAR, THE GYPSY,
1104 Market St., corner Turk.
Ismar, the. Egyptian Gypsy, draws aside the
uncertain years ahead; happiness and success
go hand In hand,- yet hundreds fall where suc-
cess is possible were it not for the lack of fore-
sight I into the ; future; If you . are in : trouble of
any kind, discontented, unhappy or not satisfied
in life, consult Ismar, for she is a prophetess of
world-wide fame " and her name has become a
proverb, in thousands; of homes made happy by
her aid and advice. : Ismar : can be consulted
daily, from 10 a." m. to 5 p. m. ;¦ Sundays from
10 to 12 a. m., at her office, 1104 Market •St.,
corner Turk. -
SPECIAL — Ismar's ¦ readings by mail are
fully as satisfactory as those given in person;
three questions : answered, $1 ; ¦ full life reading,
S5. Send date ' and year of birth. '
MME. M. BERNARD ¦
- - ' : ¦ THE FAMOUS - - ' 'A ; : :
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner < bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satlsf action guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" ~~~
PROFESSOR MARCO.
Reunites the separated, .'
¦ Causes : speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guaranteed);
Palmistry taught;- • , '¦'• - 'or"
j HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office, 412 Post st. — 412.
Daily. 10 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 9, '' (
, Sundays, 2 to 5 p. • m.
Readings by mall, 8 questions' $1 00.".'-. -.
MME. JACQUES, 1035 Market Bt., Tel. Foloom
34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; read-
ings dally this week. 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.'
MME." ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; yG. 50c. 521% Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 8; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MMEv MARCEAU, clairvoyant card reader;
.25 cents. 625 Minna st.
Mrs. Reynolds." the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for.$l. . 1008% Market, op. '5th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader:, ladies
\ 25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sfoth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
*send for SPAULDINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel.. East 725.
Karlson Karptet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market. bct.8th&9th ;tel. Howard 2012.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. . E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mission 74.
COTTAGES TO LET. ¦ - ¦
FOR rent or for sale— Modern 6-room and bath
cottage; 46 LundyLane, near terminus of
Valencia st. ; j also 3-room cottage at the
beach; terms as rent. JACOB HEYMAN
CO.. 117 Sutter st. .
COTTAGE— 3 rooms, yard and basement; rent
$13. 25 Beideman st.. bet. Scott and Devisa. 1
, dero, off O'Farrell. ' , .
$20 — 8 ROOMS and bath, near Washington and
Powell sts., or will sell $500 cash, bal. easy.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 640 Market st. .
A NEW story and half cottage, 6 rooms and
bath, modern. 3952 Nineteenth st., bet. Noe
and Sanchez: near two car lines.
$12 50 — 4 'ROOMS; nearly new. Douglass and
Twenty-first sts. ; Castro cars.
$14— SUNNY cottage, 4 rooms; large yard,
basement. 22 Rlngold St.. bet. 8th. and 9th.
DENTISTS^ _^
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
; fall down when eating; lowest prices In S. F. ;
painless extraction, 60c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres.. 969 Mission St., SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. - - - .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 00 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C, ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
- plates. $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 81xth et.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
~Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fillings, 25c.
SET i of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
AT THE McDOWELL DRESSMAKING AND
MILLINERY SCHOOL.
Leading system of dress cutting. .
Best course in millinery.
Depot for latest patterns.
1019 Market St., above Sixth.
¦ ' '
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
; corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
Fashionable ' dressmaker — Miss L. j V. Clarke,
1123 Powell; orders promptly attended to.
. educational.
h^aX5^s~^c^i67)l^o1F~electrica1l^en^5i^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.; .
catalogue free. ---.-..
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
. how do they all get positions and hold them?
90 positions since April 1; Ellis bookkeeping
, makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
lege. 1236 Market st. - ' ¦ ; - ¦ ¦
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and. medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. • Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to bo had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
MUNSON School of Shorthand . and Typewrit-
ing, -137 Montgomery st. ; standard • systems
taught; public school students finished; spe-'
. cial rates. "
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
'. penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with , Golden
Gate Commercial ¦ College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st..- for their new catalogue; It Is free 'and the
nicest In the State. Life scholarship $50. "
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mtning.mech., sur-
vey,. assay, cyanirle; day, eve.; est."1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution.- specialties; Hallet S?hool;
associated with thea tricar agency securing
, positions. Alcazar building,, 120 O'Farrell st.
8 POSITIONS this week; $60 to $125 per mo.;
prepare and get one. , S. F. Bus. College,
1236 Market st. . * : < ' , ..
ACADEMY of dancins; private or class. MISS
JEAN HUDDY, 6 Hyde st. :
BALLROOM or stage- dancing taught; classes
Monday & Friday evgs. IRVINE'S, 421 Post.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
.Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Actlng,120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.-
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Vrof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; ? instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.; S. F..
founded 1863; new SO-^page catalogue ; free. -¦
''¦:,.'. ' ¦ LOST AND FOUND.
SUTTER and Kearny sts; light curly dog;
'/name Beauty on collar. -206 Kearny St., room
300; reward. ;.;
$25 REWARD for return lady's gold watch and
pin, pearls and rubles, ¦ lost' June . 18 down-
\ town or on way to Mill Valley. . Address box
.1129, Call office. ; ¦ ; ¦ . ; •
LOST— Wednesday, June 18, lady's gold watch.
Return to, 547: Washington St., from 8 a. m.
. to 6 p. ¦ m. ; reward. .
LOST — Brown minx on : Market st. . . Return to
¦ McDonougl/s, Clay and Kearny ; reward.:
LOST— Gray parrot with red tall; reward $5.
Return to 508 Octavia st.* :. ; .;
LOST— English setter dog. Return to 1320 Polk
¦• at., receive: reward.;' ' . *
LOST— Silver , purse . containing $5 20. i Return
, :, to. Sutter-st. : :carhouse"; < reward. : . :. ¦
FOUND— Bull terrier , dog ; 8 months old ; own-
r. er apply 725 Sutter st. T. N. IGLEHART. - :
IT will pay! to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co... 220 Sutter st:," needs old gold
and sliver to make new watch cases.
HELP WANTED-— MALE— Co».
WANTED—.
8972 men. all parts Cal., Nevada, Utah. Ari-
zona, Oregon.... wages $25 to $125 and found
AT
MURRAY & READY'S..... 634-636 Clay st.
I.. .Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Special To-day (Sunday)
To-day (Sunday)
Special Shipment
Utah l. Utah Utah
Free Free Free
.'... See Boss Here ..............
3000 Railroad Men
• . . ; Wanted for
Utah. Nevada, Salt Lake Division. Lucln.
Fenelon. Wells, Palisade, Battle Mountain,
Reno, Wadsworth, Carlln. Vista. Rokeby
1500 teamsters — free $2 25 a day
750 laborers — free. .$2 to $2 25 a day
500 rockmen and drillers. .$2 25 to $2 5O a day
Carmen, dumpers, concrete workers
FREE TO-DAY
30 laborers, Santa Fe System Free
ARIZONA
Teamsters, R. R. work, near Prescott
Get Our Daily List of Jobs
j Gold NEW Silver
MINES MINES MINES
12 muckers for a big mine, $75; 10 laborers,
surface work, no experience required for thia
mine, $40 and found ; G laborers around mine,
south, $60; 16 laborers for smelter. $2 day; 5
laborers, mine, north. $60 to $70; furnace
dryer, $35 and found; 10 miners, north, $75
-¦...- TO THE MOUNTAINS
HEALTHY CLIMATE.LUMBER DISTRICTS
SAWMILLS WOODS YARD3
- WE PAY YOUR FARE
950 willing: men to work in sawmills, woods
and. yards, load cars, pile lumber, learn to
run machines; you need no experience for this
Job; you'll do; wages $30 to JW5 and found...
WE PAY YOUR FARE
20 lumber pliers, good mill. $45 and found: 8
car loaders, $40 and found; 40 swampers, $30
and found, fare paid ....;
Table edgerman. $45 and found; second table
edgerman, $40 and found, same mill, fare $1 50
LABORERS
FACTORIES ALL' KINDS OF WORK
OUR LIST IS READY 7 A. M
SPECIAL
25 laborers for a large factory near San Fran-
cisco, steady Job, no experience required.
$1 75 and $2 a day; 15 laborers for quarry.
$60; 30 laborers, city; 25 laborers, manufac-
turing company. 25 miles from San Francisco.
$34 and found; 10 laborers, fishery; 4 labor-
ers, city factory; 8 laborers, packing house;
6 laborers, brickyard. $30 and found
..v TO THE
j FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
178 hay and harvest hands, $1 25, $1 50 t» $3
and found; 33 farmers, steady Jobs; 10 team-
sters, big ranch, $40 and found; 5 teamsters,
big fruit farm. $30 and found: 31 choremea
and choreboys, private places and ranches.
$15, $20, $25 and $30 and found; 5 milkers,
north, fare paid. $35; 36 milkers, other dai-
rieja, $35 and $40 and found; cheese maker, '
factory, see boss here
10 fruit packers, country...... $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS.
Deckhand dredger, $35 and found; carpen-
ter's helper, city, $2 day; young man for
soda water works. $40; can washer, city mllle
depot, $30 and found; boy for dairy, city,
$20 and found; choreman. make a little, but-
ter, residence on ranch. $30 and found: raillc
wagon driver, city, $40 and found; hr-ndy
man to help carpenter on farm. $30 and
found; 40 stablemen, buggy washers, host-
lers, $35 and $40 and found and $50 and $60.
List of Positions Ready at 7 a. m.
- MECHANICAL DEPT
Horseshoer, country shop, $3 day; black-
smith, ranch, fare $1, $50 and found; black-
smith, large company, no shoeing, $2 BO day;
blacksmith, country shop, $3 day; 10 other
blacksmiths; 0 bla-eksmlth helpers; 2 carpen-
ters, rough work. Nevada, fare returned, se«
boss here, $90; millwright, see boss here,
$3 50 to $4 day; millwright, sawmill. $50 and
found; stonemason, country, long Job. $5
day; sheetiron worker: harness maker,
ranch?- cooper, oil co. : man to paint wagons,
dairy, city; man with some experience car-
riage painting, $1 50 day and found, country.
Assistant shipping clerk, good place, $9 week;
bookkeeper and typewriter, $40 and found;
6 farmers and milkers and wives; 50 boys to
learn trades and work la factories.
HOTELS, ETa
•j. COOKS AND WATTER3
Cook, hotel, north, fare paid. $50; cook, ho-
tel, fare $2. $50; 12 cooks, hotels, ranches,
camps, etc.. $70, $60, $50 $10, $30, $23 and
found; camp cook, near city, $10 week; 15
waiters, $30 to $40 and found: waiter, offi-
cers* mess of mine, south, $50 and found;
waiter, officers' mess. $30 and Increase;
night cashier, city restaurant. $30 and found-
6 porters; 3 bellboys; A elevator boys; 3
bakers; 3 butchers; 23 kitchen hands, dish-
washers, etc.
Get our dally list of positions. '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
EX-INDUSTRIAL agents and experienced so-
licitors; "get in the band wagon;" we've got
the real thing: am organizing- a staff ; inves-
tigate. CHARLES S. KONIGSBERG. super-
intendent. Pacific Mutual Bldg.. room 2.
WANTED — Molders, machinists and draughts-
man. Address or apply Benicia Agricultural
Works. Benlcla. Cal. >
A YOUNG man as stenographer and assistant
bookkeeper In wholesale house; good pros-
pects for right party. Box 1175. Call.
WANTED — Players for first-class amateur or-
chestra. 232 Laussat ave.. oft Fillmore st .
below Halght.
WANTED— Office boy, about 14. Room 11.
320 California st., Monday morning. 8 o'clock.
WANTED — Good sugar barrel cooper. 847 Flor-
ida st. .
SALESMAN to solicit the retail trade la city;
also one for bay towns. Box 1165, Call. :
TRUSTY young man, outside work;' chance for
advancement. To-day till 2 p. m.. 104 Second.
SWELL dressers, examine our $35 to $75 misfit
eultq for sale at $16 to $25. 104 Second st.
DISHWASHER wanted; restaurant: no Sun-
day, work. 666 Fourth st.
AT Co-operative Employment Bureau — Wanted
carload laborers for Nevada. We ship you
free. This is the bureau that brought about
no office fee. 17 Steuart st.
A- GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy an<*
push; good opportunlty^for right man. F.
PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED — First-class wnsh goods talesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
WANTED — Young man wlio is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between 8 and
11 a. m. at HALE BROS.',
WANTED — Trustworthy person in each coun-
ty to manage business; old established house -
bona fide weekly cash salary $18 paid each
Wednesday, with all expenses direct from
headquarters: money advanced for expenses.
Manager, 379 Caxton bldg.. Chicago. /
WANTED — Bright boy wh© resides with hi»
parents to run a passenger elevator in a
wholesale house; state age and give reference
when making application. Box 1138, Call.
TAILORS — Pants and vest maker for the coun-
try. Apply to STEIN, SIMON & CO.. Market
and Second sts. -..< •
LAUNDRY help wanted — First-class Ironer*,
Apply Stanford French Laundry. Palo Alto.
BARBERS — Shop running 3 chairs for sale;
good trade-; owner leaving city. 428 Sixth st.
WANTED — Tailors to work by the week; $1S
per week; steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary st. ¦ - ,
B0 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers, $2 and
$2 25 per day. Apply 212 Ninth st. '
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over ft feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducement* this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Experienced male and female cut-
ters for factory, on women's wrappers and
oversklrts. Apply box 1116. Call. ' ,.
WANTED— An outside salesman for tea* and
coffees. 203 Fourth st.
LEARN proofreading: sits, secured. $13 to $23
wky. Home Correspondence School. Phila.
WANTED — An assistant bookkeeper for larf »
house In the city. Address box 1130. Call.
BOYS wanted to learn good trade. Apply 2449
California st. . •
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bui Its, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. O.A.R.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army ¦hoes.
50c up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard at., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st !
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. fcet. 1st and 2d sts.
.ALL sizes men's shoes, sligrhtly damaged, halt
price, r 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rooms:
free bus and baggage -to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
.subscriptions has been established at 1099
Valencia st. •
lor Employment Wanted, Site.,, S««
Page Thirty-Eight. 89
MEETING KOTICBS— Continned. _'
MOUNT MORIAH LODGE, No. 44, F. ¦
and A. M. — Officers and members are ~#\_
respectfully requested to assemble at J&J?
the Temple THIS DAY (SUN- /XT^
DAY) at 2 o'olock p. m., for the pur-
pose of attending the ' obsequies of our late
Brother EBENEZER DAVIS SAWYER. ¦ By
order of the W. M. . «"- '-
THEO. FROLICH, Secy.
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F.
—Initiation NEXT TUESDAY
EVENING, June 24. 1902. Two
candidates. All Odd Fellows in \""'»\V
good standing are cordially Invited to attend.
A, S. CRONK, N.G.
RICHARD A. WELCH. Rec. Sec. " • : ;
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent As- JT"^-«_
sociation — Special meeting , will be | vK,-^
held at hall. 320 Post Bt., MON- |Jb&^
DAY, June 23, at 12 m. sharp. * All
members are requested to be present for the
J purpose of attending tfie funeral of our de-
ceased brother, AUGUST J. GERDAU, from
his late residence, 2614 Howard St., at 1
p. m. By order of the president.
L. TRAUNG, Rec. Sec.
FOURTH of July at Shell Mound «r n-
Park, Berkeley — Twenty-flrst grand 3^ C«jXj
annual gathering and games of the
S. F. Scottish Thistle Club; new /*«S^»
features; great programme.
JOHN H. McINNIS. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
THIRTY FIRST Annual Picnic of Portuguese
Protective and Benevolent Association, SUN-
DAY June 29, 1902, at Shell Mound Park,
Berkeley. • First class band has, been en-
gaged for this occasion; also a fine string
band for dancing in upper hall In the Azor-
lan style. Admission to the Park. 25 cents;
children under 12 years, free. Association
leaves on 10 a. m. boat.
" AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted to sell the ! Torchon Lace
Loom for making any style lace; the -rage in
London: can make from $10 to $15 per week.
86 Metropole, 6 Turk Bt.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier 1 to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
TWO experienced agents for country. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 7th et.
ALI^IOCREAMCHEESE.
A DAIIfTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain Is
made more enjoyable by its use; soldi by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty., " Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: phone Mint 865. 819 Market Bt.
J. M. THURSTON; office open ever^r even-
ing; private divorce a specialty. • S
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Clunle bldg.. 503 California st.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. WALLACE, astrological readings this
week. 25c and up. 1035 Market St.. suite 1.
BOAROI.\G FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for child and parent, with room
and board. 96% Devlsadero st.
WANTED — An Infant to raise en the bottle.
1610^ Bush st.
BICVCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkln. 305 Market, 1963 to 1974 Page.
BOOKS JfEW AND OLD. '
BOOKS of all kinds bought; llbraries~purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $350; LAUNDRY route for eale; clears over
$60 per month; good steady custom; a trial
allowed before buying. J. LUNDIN & CO
318 Kearny Bt.
A — $400; Al CASH business in Oakland; clear-
ing $100 per month; genuine bargain. JOHN
LUKDIN & CO.. 818 Kearny at.
$500 — DELICACY and dairy produce store; best
location; 6th St.; clears $100 per month; liv-
ing rooms iu rear; good value; make offer to-
day. JOHN LUNDIN & CO.. 818 Kearny st.
NOTICE to buyers and sellers— We buy,
sell or exchange any legitimate business
quickly for cash.. JOHN LUNDIN CO.,
Real Estate and Business Brokers, 318 Kear-
ny at., rooms 1-2, successors to P. S. de
' Luca Co. Phone Red 4840.
SOME bargains at McBride & Co.'s, 76i Markt.
$120 — Home bakery with bake oven; boss sick.
$140 — Restaurant; must be sold.
$700 — Roadhouse near city; crood trade."-.; * >
$300 — Saloon near water front; more bargains.
CHICKEN ranches, Frultvale, -$300. $500; bar-
gains. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
GOOD located livery stable. $1500. Call on
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st. ¦-..>,->¦.:-*.
$3000 BUYS half interest In a mail order busi-
ness; guaranteed to clear $5000 per year.
MORRISON & CO.". 26 Montgomery st., r. 4.
BAKERY; 2 living rooms; rent $30; business
$40 per day; all counter trade. MORRISON
& CO.. 26 Montgomery st., room 4.,
HOME Realty. 873 Market; phone Folsom 1207.
$15,000 — Restaurant; large trade; long lease.
$13,000 — Restaurant; central; money maker.
$2750 — Restaurant & oyster house; big trade.
$2500 — Restrnt.; N. Market ;^ cheap rent; snap,
$1500 — Restaurant; long established; central.
Others from $100 up. Special bargains.
$750 — PARTNER wanted; profits $250 month-
ly: good clean business; also one-half inter-
est in grocery store. Apply quickly, ALDEN
CO., 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
OUR new progressive style of turf speculation
averages 18 per cent weekly; shares $10 each;
money can be withdrawn at any time; divi-
dends paid weekly. Particulars, address SEL-
LITT & CO., Beard building. New York.
A FINE opportunity to lease two upper floors
of a new 3-story brick building in Honolulu;
suitable for first-class rooming-house; 75
. rooms; single and en suite; modern; second
floor suitable for offices. Box 10S0, Call.
$2000 — SALOON, coffee and chop house; 16 fur-
nished rooms; -rent only $115; cash register;
eafe; 4 years' lease; daily receipts $40 to $45;
owner there 7 years. Particulars, 916 Mar-
ket st., room 18.
50% AVERAGE monthly profit under our plan
turf speculation; shares $10 each; dividends
semi-monthly; send for circular. WHITE &
CO.. 88 Pulitzer bldg.. New York. Mention
this paper. ¦ • ,
$20 — AN opportunity for a person of good ap-
pearance to start in business for hmiself;
profits from $30 to $60 weekly; no canvass-
Ing. Apply to 57 Columbian building.
A GOOD chance; plumbing, gas fitting, Jobbing
- trade; established 5 years; best business lo-
cation; Berkeley; stock, tools, fixtures; sick-
ness; going away. Box 1151, Call office.
IF you have any. money to Invest or live in a
town which offers inducements for location of
manufacturing plants that will benefit your
city, address box 1083. Call. .
MANUFACTURERS or commercial houses, at-
f tention — If you want additional capital and
can bear fullest investigation, address box
1084. Call. 1 •* -
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store for sale : on
account of sickness; a reasonable offer : ac-
cepted; a good chance. Inquire at 320 6th st.
WANTED — Partner with $15,000 capital to take
an active interest in a good-paying manufac
turing business. Address box 1081. Call.
TO LEASE — 28 rooms; suitable for roomings
house or offices. For particulars call at 127
Mason st., Monday, 10 a. in.
BRANCH bakery, candy and stationery store;
5 rooms; big basement; good for any kind of
bakery. 1007 Guerrero st.
HAVE $10,000 to Invest in good manufacturing
or mercantile business that will stand inves-
tigation; principals only. Particulars, box
1085, Call. . .-,¦..
PARTNER In bulsness projK>sltion ; $250 re-
quired. FRANK HALL. Russ House.
WANTED — To buy an interest in wholesale
commission business.. Box 1087. Call.
GOOD opening for drug store at Will Its. Ad-
dregs A. J. BLEDSOE.Uklah, Cal.
A — $750; CANDY and Ice 'cream parlor. Room
309. 927 Market St., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
FOR SALE— Agency of Call at Santa Cruz. In-
qulre A. BODEMAN. 25 Otis st., Santa- Cruz.
STATIONERY, cigar store ; transfer corner;
cheap rent; bargain;' 1934 Market, nr. Gough.
$125 — FRUIT store; good location; fine busl-
ness; 3 llv. rms; sickness. . Baslle. 3 Eddy st.
WILL sacrifice neatly furnished flat of 7 rooms
$210. 1610& Bush Bt.
$650— Restaurant with 17 well-furnished rooms;
Urge business. Call at once . 604 - Third st.
APRICOT crop for sale on trees. Address. 1833
Polk st. •
FOR sale — Cigar store; laundry pays expenses
Box 1134. . Call office.
$250 — SALOON: rooms, large yard; waterfront;
70 Jackson St.; must sell; bargain; rent $15.THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
37
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
ber, mines. EMMONS A SON. Mills bldg.
LAND bargains; new . catalogue sent free.
WooBter, Whltton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co.. Petaluma. for
list of bargains in fruit and chicken ranches.
POINT RICHMOND REAL ESTATE.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east side of San Francisco Bay, adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of- the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R. Cos., location
of the Standard Oil Co.'a refineries and Union
Iron • Works. Thousands of men will be em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to .buy lots in the City of Richmond.
FROM $180 UP.
$25 DOWN. $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
Prices will advance July 1.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property.
Railroad Depot at each end of the tract —
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Bend for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND , LAND CO. (Inc.).
Room 182, Crocker building. S. F.
$5 A MONTH.
THE BEST AND CHEAPEST
POINT RICHMOND LOTS
Are in the
SANTA FE TRACT; V'- 1 - '¦'¦
All level; streets graded.
All streets wide;
No narrow streets.
TERMINUS SANTA FE R. R.
Standard Oil Co. $3,000,000 Refinery.
• New Southern Pacific Terminus.
McEWEN BROTHERS. 118 Montgomery st,
SOLE AGENTS.
SAUSALITO REAL ESTATE.
SAUSALITO Land and Ferry Company offers
.at low 'prices and easy terms lots, blocks,
acres and villa sites, choice suburban homes
and business property: 30 minutes from San
Francisco: climate and scenery superb; can't
be excelled: call on the agent for particulars.
THOMAS McMAHON, 323 Montgomery st.
or at office Of company. Saosallto.
• RENO REAL ESTATE.
It D. CRANSTON & SONS.
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
RENO LOTS RENO
$75 TO $400
In the choicest section of the city of Reno,
Nev. One of the most progressive and prom-
ising cities of the West. Each lot has a
frontage of 50 feet arid an average depth of
140 feet The best opportunity ever offered
for small Investments. A chance to double
your money in one year. Andrew Carnegie
has recently given Reno a free ' library to
cost $15,000, and by an act of Congress a
public building and a new courthouse are to
be built. The Southern Pacific Railroad
. Company's new shops are also going to Reno.
Lots going like hot cakes. Get yours now.
For further particulars apply to .
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 Montgomery st
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
THREE fine ranches In Southern Cal.: one In
San Diego Co., one in Riverside. Co., the other
in Los Angeles Co.; exchange for good Oak-
land property, or vicinity.
E. J. STEWART & CO..
. 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
WE buy. sell and exchange city and country
property; loans and . Investments negotiated.
McKENZIE & CARLSEN, 137 Mont'y, r. 32.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Agua Callente, Sonoma Valley.
WANTED — To exchange, Alameda lot. 50x150.
for San Francisco lot, 25 or 30 front. Box
1177, Call. __^ ¦
SMALL ranch and clear lots for 20 or 30 room
lodging-house. Box 1168, Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
__ALAMEDAREALESTATE.
FOR SALE— HOUSES^
CHOICE BUYS FOR HOMES
, OR INVESTMENTS.
!-•--. ¦ ' • ¦ ' ' ' ' "
Our renting business brings us In contact with
. .every house In the city, for sale. . — .
So If you are In the market for a home we
are in a position to render you
great assistance.
PROPERTIES FROM $1000 to $23,000.
EXAMINE THESE RARE BARGAINS.
$S00 — A northwest corner on Buena Vista
ave.; 50x145.
$1200 — Lot 100x203, on Brlggs ave.; qulta a
snap!
$2500— Lot 100x126, located in the heart of the
fashionable and desirable district; this
is a very attractive proposition and you
should see us at once, as some one is
going to get a bargain.
$500 — Brand new modern 7-room residence on
; ¦-.-. Central ave., surrounded by beautiful
and well-kept homes.
$3250 — Excellent modern cottage of 6 rooms,
one of the coziest best-built houses in
the city: must be sold this week.
-$7000 — Nine splendid rooms, attractive archi-
tecture; cannot be excelled; strictly
modern in every part; on Santa Clara
ave.
We_have the best renting list. Give ns a
call — you won't regret.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
Successors to H. P. Moreal & Co.,
1422 Park street.
GENUINE BARGAINS IN ALAMEDA REAL
ESTATE.
$1200 — Lot 50x150; 4-room cottage.
$1500— Lot 40x83; 5 rooms and bath.
$1900 — Lot 110x290; 5-room cottage; a great
bargain.
$2500— Lot 42x125; 6 rooms and bath; fore-
closure.
$2730 — Lot 50x150; 9-room cottage; see this
snap.''
• $3C00— Lot 50x100: 6-room modern cottage.
.$3500— Lot 35x150; 8 rooms and bath; nice
location. . . \
$3750 — Lot 62x150; 8-room 2-story house;
windmill, etc.
$3000 — Lot 40x100; 8 rooms and bath, wind-
mill, etc. • •
$3500 — Lot 50x150; 6 rooms and bath; choice
locality. .
Houses and lots; choice homes; bargains In
all parts of Alameda.
Houses built, rented and exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1300 Park st. Alameda.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY. "
The Leading Real Estate Firm.
Sensational offer In Real Estate for one. week.
. ' . Astonishing values offered. Be sure-
and Purchase. .
200x150, on best street la Alameda; sur-
rounded by choice homes; only $12 per front
foot. This Is a genune offer; cost $50 per
foot: compelled to sell and will be sacrificed ;
will sell any number of feet.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st. Alameda.
Tr.ke advantage of the price and purchase
a lot.
$15,000 — FOR sale or exchange, elegant corner
property; house of fifteen rooms.
$18,000— Another elegant' place for sale; 150
feet frontage; corner lot: beautiful ' Improve-
ments.
New 7-room house and Iot; $2950; install-
ments. • ' '
Fine lots on Improved streets, $450 to $900.
Two beautiful corner lots on Clinton ave.;
$1250 each.
DELANO Y RANDLETT, 1536 Park st., Ala-
meda. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ .
HOUSES, cottages and lots for sale near
schools and stations; also for rent, furnished
and unfurnished houses. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS A CO.. Bay Station. . Alameda. •
ONE of the finest homes in Alameda at a
bargain; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors' Agency. 137 Montgomery Ft, S. K.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AND BOARD.
NEWLY furnished rooms with board: 2 mln-
. utes' -walk Morton sta., N. G., or Grand-st
!>t, B. G. 1541 Central ave.. Alameda.
ALAMEDA HOUSEKEEPING ~ROOMS.
TO let — 2 or 3 large furnished rooms for house-
keeping, or with board. 1309 Santa Clara
ave., Alameda.
Mill Valley AdvertiseineDts.
MILL JVALLE X REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL' MILL VALLEY.
Forty Acres Subdivided Into Lots.
. We have subdivided into lots the finest
property in Mill Valley, known as the Sun-
nysida Tract; the streets have been graded
and will be sewered and macadamized • the
tract commands splendid views of Mount
Tamalpals and the "bay: the North Shore
• Railroad Is about to expend $2,000,000 to
perfect an ideal ferry and electric line sys-
tem to Mill Valley. Send now for plats and
prices and go and look' at the property.
, ~ McAFEE BROTHERS.
103 Montgomery st, San Francisco, Cal. -
l_J££L^^j>T^TE— i CITY— FOR^SALJB.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
638 MARKET STRBET.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
TUESDAY July 1. 1902
At Our Salesroom. No. 638 Market Street .
At 12 O'clock Noon.
GRAND BUSINESS CORNER.
Northwest corner 18th and Guerrero sts.; cne
of the best transfer corners In the city; 3
stores and 2 flats, 7-8 rooms and bath; rents
$1800 under lease; tenant pays the water;
lease runs for 3% years; lot 27x80 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 2129-2129%) Geary St., 100
feet east of Devisadero Bt. ; 2 substantial ex-
tra well built flats of « rooms, bath and high
basement; rent« $780 per annum; lot 27x137:6
feet. . . . ¦ •
SILVER STREET FLATS.
Northwest side (Nos. 8-10) Silver st, 60 feet
southwest of 2nd st; improvements consist of
4 flats, which at a small expense could be made
to pay big; key lot. from 2nd st. 52x70, more
or less.
ELEGANT WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE^
North side (No. 2314) Clay st, 209:8 feet
west of Buchanan st. ; an elegant dwelling. . 8
rooms, porcelain bath, basement and attic; but-
ler's pantry, pantry closet; modern plumbing;
lot 27x127:814 feet
MISSION BUSINESS PROPERTY.
East side (No. 3241) Mission st. 176:7 feet
south of Fair ave. ; house 5 rooms, at the Junc-
tion of Valencia and Mission sts. ; large lot,
63:11x183:6 feet.
MISSION RESIDENCE.
North side (No. 24) Dorland st, 208 feet west
of Guerrero st. ; modern, well-built bay-window
tesldencc of 8 rooms, bath and large basement,
etc.; rents $360 per annum; lot 25:8x115 feet to
rear street.
HAIGHT STREET RESIDENCE.
South line (No. 1011) Haight st, 120 feet
west of Broderick st. ; modern residence. 8
large sunny rooms, bath and finished basement;
Iot 25x120. •
KEARNY STREET IMPROVED PROPERTY.
Southwest corner of Kearny and Greenwich
sts.; 9 houses renting Tor $1080 per annum;
grand lot, 37 4 -.6xll2:6, with L 25x50 feet.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
North line of 2jth st. 240 feet west of Cas-
tro St.. 6 extra wide building lots in one of the
best portions of the Mission; 24th st. frontage
is prospective business property; entire "size of
lot 80x228, through to Elizabeth St.; 24th-st
electric cars pass the property.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT.
West line of 2nd ave., 250 feet south of Clem-
ent st. ; fine large lot, level and ready for build-
ing; large lot, 35x120 feet
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
_ 638 MARKET STREET.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET STREET.
$5,230 — Rents $720 per annum; S modern flats,
6, 6, 6 rooms and bath; up to date and
always rented; only 1 block north
from Market St.; lot 26:6x99 feet.
$3,000 each — Three well-built houses, 7 and 8
rooms each, on Folsom st., near 25th;
brick foundation; street bKuminfzed;
lots 25x115 feet to rear street; houses
could be easily converted into flats.
$7,500 — Fine lot on Stevenson. St., near 6th;
present improvements rent for $11 per
month; this Is near the new Postofflce
and is the- cheapest lot In this block;
lot 25x75 feet.'
$4,500 — Modern 2-story and basement residence
of S rooms and bath; brick foundation;
open sanitary plumbing; porcelain
bath; large yard, etc.; in the heart
of the Mission warm belt; this is a
lovely home.
$500 cash — Rents $384 per annum; 2 modern
up-to-date flats in Al condition; near
24th and Sanchez sts.; these flats will
pay for themselves, as the monthly
installment on principal and interest
is only $31; price $3250.
$2,750 — Two-story house, 8 rooms and bath;
lot 25x119:6 feet; owner wishes to go
East and therefore desires a quick
Bal*.
$6,500 — Rents $840 per annum; a southeast
corner on Sansome St., near the Post-
offlce; store, 2 flats and rear cottage;
always rented; r lot 26:2x80 feet •
$10,000 — Rents $1152 per annum: Five flat* in
the best part of Hayes Valley; lot 27:6
xl20 feet: has two frontages; streets
bltumln»7ed.
$1,600 — House of 8 rooms In good condition;
near 24th and Bryant its.; must be
sold .at free to close an estate: an
offer of f 1300 now pending; lot 2fl_100
feet.
$3,750 — Rents over $500 per annum; must be
sold to close an estRte; two flato pnd
a rear cottage, well built and In good
condition; on Hawthorne st, near 2d
and Folsom; lot 25x112:6 feet.
HIGH-CLASS BUILDING SITES.
$75,000 — Corner on Market, near 12th; 75x124
feet; three frontages.
$30,000— Northwest corner on Battery, near
Postofflce.
$45,000—37:6x137:6 feet; half block from Union
square.
$27,500 — North side of O'Farrell st., near
. Mason; 27:6x137:6 feet.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market strett.
SPECK & CO.,
667 Market st, opposite Kearny.
Real Estate Agents- and Rent Collectors.
Full charge taken of property for Absentee
Owners.
Investments, $2500 to $875,000. !
Residences, $2000 to $150,000.
*"
Unimproved property in all parts of the city.
$125,000 — 6th-st. corn»r; 80 ft. frontage; mod-
ern building; stores and large lodging-
house; rents $710.
$67,500 — Brick building; stores and offices^ lot
70x108 feet; 2 frontages; rents $575.
$50,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner, inside of Larkin ;
70x77:6 feet; rents $285; mortgage
$24,000 can remain. ,
$35,000 — McAllister-*, corner. 85x98; good im-
provements; rents $220; east of La-
guna. *
$35,000 — Sansome-st. corner; 70x130 feet: rents
$257.
$30,000 — Fine business corner: 3 stores and 6
flats; building cost $25,000; lot 6S:0x
71; rents $2450 per year-.
$30,000 — Geary st, near Jones; fine Improve-*
m»htc; rent $185. - •
$20,000 — tth-flt. business property; 50x82 ft;
leased to one tenant; $1500 net per
annum.
$18,000 — Ellis st. near Larkin; 2 frontages-
rents $140.
$12,500 — Three fine new flats; block from Park
Panhandle: rents $112 50.
$10,600 — Rents $103; lot 50x80; downtown in-
vestment.
$5,500— Geary- st. corner, 62 feet frontage; half
of property Improved; a cheap buy.
LOTS
$250— Lot 23x114 feet, near Castro and 27th;
must sell.
$1,300 — Golden Gate ave., north side; lot 25x
100 feet.
$8,000 — Octavia-st comer; unsurpassed marine
view; 50x123 feet.
$45,000— Sutter st. 50 feet frontage; close to
the Lace House.
SPECK & CO..
667 Market st
CENTER AND SPADER.
11 Montgomery st. (Lick House Block).
$7,250 — Rents $71; 3 modern flats on Post st
5 and 6 rooms; lot 27:6x110.
$4,000 — Very cheap: modern 5-room cottage,
- stable; Oak st, near Scott; lot 25x75.
$4,100^ — Choice lot on Golden Gate ave!. near
Scott,; 25x127.
$4,250 — 311 Castro st., near Sixteenth; hand-
. some cottage; 6 roomB, bath, laundry.
.servant's room and basement; porcelain
* bath ind sink; this home Is a gem: cost
over $5500; 'lot 30x115; only half block
to Market st. ¦ ¦
$2,000 each; balance on time; large corner,'
Folsom st. ; rents $42 50; lot S5xl22:6;
price $o750; a very cheap property;
'don't miss it. •
$14,000 — Leavenworth st, near Pine; substan-
tial inside investment, renting for $1330
per annum; 2 frontages; large lot, 40x
60.
$2,500— Rents $250; flats on Rondel st, near
Sixteenth; very cheap property.
$5,500 — Rents ?600 per annum; modern flats
on Twenty-second st;, near Valencia, 5
and 6 rooms; never vacant; lot 23x114;
this property must be sold Immediate-
ly.
$6,500 — $720 per annum; 6 flats; always rent-
ed; large lot, 44x80; Clara st., near
Sixth. . .
$12,500 — Choice NE. cor. Howard and Twenty-
fourth sts.; modern building; flats and
.'• ¦¦•••' 6tores; rents $110; lot 35x92.
$0,000 — Rents $63; Clementina st, near
Fourth; store and flats; lot 25x80; snap.
. ¦ , CENTER & SPADER.
C. L. QUAST 11 Montgomery st.
$18,500 — Mlssion-st. business property, near
6th; good future.
$10,600 — Jesaie-st flats, close to 6th; always
rented.
$15,000 — Fine large lot, C0xl25, with improve-
¦ ments; Mission st, near 22d.
$8,000 — Folsom-st. Improvement, between 6th
and 7th; store and flats.:
$10,500— Lyon-st. flats, near McAllister; new;
key lot; rents $95. : • ¦ ¦
LOT, cor. King and Prince sts., 80x120; cheap.
Call at 506, Castro Bt,, 8. F
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
• — ¦-.-.¦... '
O. D. BALDWIN & SON,
22 MONTGOMERY ST.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. INVESTMENT.
$7,000 — Rents $54; 4 houses of 5 rooms and
bath each; large lot 80x60; bank mort-
.gage of $4000 can remain.
..CHEAP HOME ON RUSSIAN HILL.
$3,000 — Broadway, north side, near Jones st;
9 rooms and bath; lot 23:6x77:6.
BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE NEAR PARK.
$8,000— Elegant house of 9 rooms and bath,
furnace, etc. ; on Baker st. ; lot 25x100.
.,. .^ RUSSIAN HILL MANSION.
$30,000 — Elegant residence- of 18 rooms, etc.;
full 50-vara on NW, corner: particu-
lars and permit to Inspect at office.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$13,500— Handsome home of 9 rooms and large
reception hall; rooms in attic can be
finished; large lot, 32x127:8.
BEAUTIFUL CLARENDON HEIGHTS
HOME. v
$11,000 — Grand two-story and basement resi-
dence of 8 rooms and porcelain bath;
-¦ ¦ . servants' rooms, wineroom, etc.. In
¦ basement; grounds splendidly laid out
• in lawn and flowers; grand view; lot
75x106: a
HARRISON-ST. BARGAIN.
$5,000— Lot 50x75, with coal yard, house and
stable; rents $30; lot alone worth $7500.
WEBSTER-ST. FLATS.
$13,500^ — Rents $115; tenants pay water; 3 new
flats. 7 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6
xlOO.
MAGNIFICENT . PACIFIC HEIGHTS RES-
IDENCE.
$30,000 — Elegant mansion of 15 rooms and all
- latest appointments; only just com-
pleted; magnificent marine view; par-
ticulars at office.
CHEAP RICHMOND CORNER.
$2,750 — Corner of California st. and 4th ave.;
64x100; a snau.
FILLMORE STREET INVESTMENT.
$6,500 — Rents $556 per annum; 3 houses; lot
48x81:3: .
FINE SIXTH-STREET PROPERTY.
$40,000 — Rents S225, can be Increased; lot 77x
75, covered with 3-story buildings ; 5
stores and 6 fiats: make offer.
MANUFACTURING SITE. .
$15,000 — 45:10x137:6, on Fremont, near Fol-
som; renting at prerent for $75.
SACRAMENTO-STREET COTTAGE.
$5,500 — North 6lde, near Devisadero; lot 27:0
- xl27:S; cottage and basement; 7 rooms
. • and porcelain bath. :
FINE LOCATION FOR FLATS.
$4,100 — California, north side, near Broderick;
32:6x77:7; very cheap.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS.
$13,000 — Rents $112 50; 3 beautiful flats on Bu-
chanan, near Sutter; all latest Im-
provements.
MISSION COTTAGE.
$2,700 — 24th st., north side, near Castro; pret-
ty cottage of 5 rooms and bath; high
brick, basement; newly painted and'
papered; lot 25x114.
SPECULATORS' OPPORTUNITY.
$2,500— Half 50-vara, 68:9x137:6; only one
block from North Beach water front.
F. B. SURRYHNE.
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
138 Montgomery St.
$4100 — Fifteenth st, close to Market; 2 new
modern flats containing 6 rooms and bath each;
rents $38; lot 25x115; a bargain.
¦ $4100 — Close to Valencia and 20th sts. : 2 fine
flats, 6 and 4 rooms; rents $37 per month; lot
22:6x75.
$B500 — Bartlett st., near 23rd; 2 nice flats of
5 and 6 rooms, and rear cottage of 5 rooms;
total rental. $55 per month; lot 40x125; part of
lot vacant. .
$2100 — Big bargain ; close to Geary and Stein-
er; 2-story house of 6 rooms; large lot.
$26,000 — Fine northeast corner on Howard
St.; improvements consist of 9 2-story houses,
producing $190 net per month;, lot 95x122:6.
$2500 — Near Guerrero and 17th; 2-story
house, 8 rooms and bath, renting for $1S per
month; lot 30x99.
$2500 — McAllister st, near the park; cottage
7 rooms and bath, In first-class condition; lot
25x96; easy terms can be arranged. '
?6850 — Grove St.: 2 fine modern flats, 5 and
6 rooms; rents $52 50; lot 25*137:6;
$8000 — Devlsadero st. t near Hayes; 2 fine new
modern flats. 6 and 7 rooms; rents $65 par
month: lot 26x110. i
$87*50 — Oak st.; 3 modern flats; rents $70 per
month. ¦
$9500— Scott st; 5 flats; rents $81 per month.
I publish a monthly price list and catalouge.
The same can be had on apllcatlon to tills of-
fice.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~~~ *
Two-story cottage, 6 rooms, bath, basement;
O'Farrell and Steiner sts. ; $5000.
Two cottages on Filbert st. fronting on two
streets: only $3500; owner leaving city.
Harrison, nr. 26th; cottage; 6 rooms-; 25x100;
$2400.
Cltira st., near Fourth; 2-story house; rear
house; $3250; pays 13 per cent per annum.
Eureka st. near 18th; cottage, 8 rooms, bath,
basement, stable, chicken houre; 25x100; $4000.
$5500 — A nice two-story cottage of 7 rooms,
bath, laundry; finished basement; brick foun-
dation; garden; everything In order; in the
nicest block on Buchanan st.
• JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market st.
OWNERS of prpperty north of Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to the Pre-
sidio line who wish ,to sell call on the under-
signed; a moderate-priced residence wanted
to purchase; two cheap residences of 5 to 6
- room* -each and vacant _ lots in the district'
named wanted to purchase. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st. (Savings Union bldg.), between
Montgomery and Kearny.
FOR- Sale — As a whole or in subdivisions, 60-
vara lot, south line Union st. ; 137:6 feet east
of Pierce. Lot. northeast corner Green and
Pierce sts., 103:6x137:6 feet Inquire o<
CHARLES C. BEMIS, Real Estate Broker.-
324 Montgomery st.i
$17.500-^LOT 27:6x137:6 and Improvements; on
Ellis st, east of Leavenworth.
$S500 — Nice dwelling; rents for $55; on'E.
side of Scott st.. near Washington. Apply to
B. G. HAAS, Real Estate Agent, 5S9 Par-
rott building.
PARK LOTS. *¦
$125 each. In block 8S2, between 22d and 23d,
M and N sts. ; easy terms.
Cheap lots in all parts of the city.
N1COL. 410 Kearny st.
YOU will never secure a suburban home In
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
WANTED — Improved business property east of
Larkin st. : state details, income, etc. Box
11C0, Call office. .
IIEAL, ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves. ;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive • from station; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which Is in ir-
chaid; 32 acres In bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at $2000; agricultural Implements
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
etc.. Included.
¦ The residence Is one-story, contains 0
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-house, tank, . etc. ; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; price $16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO.,
34 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
$5000— APPRAISED at $9000; must be sold to
'close an estate; IStiO acres, nearly 2 miles
frontage on Russian River, and on railroad
station, between Ukiah and Willlts; about
400 acres level agricultural and fruit land,
' balance Is hill pasture, with full value In
oak timber; abundance of spring water; best
bargain in the State. ROTHERMEL A
MERRELL, 507 California st.
$5 AN acre; -600 acres redwood timber land.
Call for our new circular cf real estate for
sale by ROTHERMEL & MERRELL, 507
California Bt.
457 ACRES botton land; best quality; all un-
der cultivation; fence and irrigation; mostly
. hay and grain; good dairy property; 10-room
dwelling; 4-room tenant house; 4 large barns,
creamery, etc.; 18 h. p. engine; fixtures mak-
ing butter and cheese; cream separator for
1500 lbs milk per hour; all farming machln-
• cry; spring water system to dwellings; 64
registered Holsteln cows; 25 good horses;
sell with or without stock; also easy pay-
ments. .
Many other properties. See list in Tues-
day's Call. JAS. G. BEARD. 475-6 Parrott
building; hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4.
FOR sale — Two-story brick building, 60x80, on
befit business corner in Merced; now 'paying
over -12 per cent on $16,000; with alterations
will pay more; any one wishing to buy will
be given a trial of the business — restaurant,
. lodging-house and saloon — to convince him-
self; price $16,000; lot is 50 feet on Front st,
150 feet' on Alameda, with alley on the rear.
For further particulars apply. to M. F. CAR-
. DOZA, Merced, Cal.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rracho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co., future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is . growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st. for
pamphlet and Information..
2-STORY brick building, 70x100, on the best
• corner In Santa Crux, paying now 8 per cent
on $22,000; with some alterations can be mad*
to pay 7 per cent net on $30,000; this property
can be had at above figures and on very
favorable terms. Box 390, Santa Cruz.
FOR sale — A mountain ranch, Mendocino Co...
' in the redwoods: fine family orchard and
vineyard; stock and tools go with place; 80
or 160 acres: good school. Address \M. E.
B., general postofflce, Antloch, Cal. ••
LIVERMORE Valley vineyards for sale, $3500
up; small cash payment, balance 6 per cent;
' profits better than fruit; climate unsurpassed.
E. P. FLINT, 1118 Broadway, Oakland.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties: land department. : AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hayward bldg..
'San Francisco. ¦ ¦
BARGAIN — For sale' or rent, ;4% acres near
- v San Mateo: level: Improvements; good soil.
HUSING. San Mateo. or 634 Market st.
A bargain — 10-acre country home nr. Martinez,
Contra Coata Co. Ad. H. C. RAAP, Martinez.
FOR country croperty see me before you' buy.
JAMES MORSE. 632 Market st;, room 5.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO., '.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
218-220 Montgomery st.
LOTS AT BARGAIN PRICES,
$1,500 to $2000 — Block bounded by Post, Brod-
erick and Geary sts.; 25x137:6 ft.
each; corners at slight increase.
$9,500— Pine st, nr. Octavia; sunny, side;
¦ '• ' modern home, 10 rooms and bath; lot
28x137:6 feet; must be sold.
$10,000 — Leavenworth st, nr. Washington: fine
- residence; 9 rooms and bath; large lot,
¦ 45:6x97:<» feet; A positive bargain.
$4,750 to $5250 — Flllmore st, near Eddy; fine
building lots; extra width; 27:6x100;
very cheap.
$2,600 each — Lyon St., near Clay; fine building
lots. Full particulars at this office.
$14,500 — Eddy -st; sunny side, near Franklin
• st. ; substantial two-story residence of
9 rooms and bath; lot 32x120 feet with
double frontage. :;-;;, • '
TERMS. -• •
$2,700 — $600 cash, balance $22 50 per month;
best part of Mission; 6-roomed cottage;
large lot, 50x114 ft.; splendid value.
$2,500 — Vallejo st., near Pierce, N line; 1 marine
view; lot 25x100 ft. • ¦
MAKE OFFER — Steiner st., near Sacramen-
to; good dwelling, 8 rooms and bath;
' lot 25x118:9 ft: rents $30. '-
... NEW FLATS.
$9,000 — Sacramento st., N line,' near Laurel; 2
beautiful flats, just finished; rents $75;
6, 7^-ooms and bath; lot 25x100 ft. '
$3,500 — Harrison st, near Seventh; ! 3-story
, . frame building; rents $35; lot 20x60 ft
to rear street; mortgage $1000 can re-
' main; a bargain. ¦'
$11,000 — McAllister st., near Fillmore: store
and- two iloors above: two tenants;
rent $S5; lot 25x100 ft; $6000 cash
and balance 6 per cent will buy this;
inquire at once. • . .
?7,000— Union st. near Broderick: marine
view; flats just built, 6-7 rooms; rent
,. $50; lot 27:tixl37:0 ft. ¦ •• •
$14,000 — Laguna-st. corner, near Vallejo: grand
marine view; 12 rooms, bath; lot 28x
107 ft. and all modern Improvements;
-- a bargain.
$9,000— Sutter st. near Devlsadero: lot 57:3x
114 feet, with large old-fashioned resi-
,_ _, dence and stable; cheao.
*o,M)O — Church st.. nr. 16th; three cottages;
Siftnn_J^ nt * 37: lot 50x106:3 feet
?3, 000— Clay bt, near Lyon: key lot: ready
.„ _ to build on; 27:6x100 feet; a bargain.
*<>>ow — Washington et., near Cherry; grand
marine view: lot 35x118 feet; a posl-
„,„„ $ lve bargain. • • v
?i>, i&o — Leavenworth St., near Broadway; four
2-story houses In good condition; rents
«.,._. ?54: lot 80x60 feet.
?4,<50— Clay st. near Fillmore; good 2-story
house, of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x
. ¦ 102:8^4: best section In the Western
m o«« Addition.
»-,300 each— Dolores et, near 15th: lots
*•>* nnn t?. x95 feet each; ready to build on.
?Jo, 000— Mission st, near 8th; lot 39x160 feet
to rear street: . imurovements . brick
building and 2 frame houses in rear;
.„ _.. fine investment.
$6,500— Halcht st.. near Pierce: fine residence
of 10 rooms and bath; owner would
stay as tenant at $45 per month on a
«, onn le ase; lot 25x137:6 feet.
$1,200— One-half of outside land block; 212x
240 feet, irreffular; a bargain for an
investor.
Folsom st, near 15th; lot 25x122.06
s , „.. ' £fet; a bargain.
$3,000— Hayes st, nr.- Webster; a fine build-
ing lot, 24:10x137:6; ready to build on.
fo G _aIe" C ° Py Ot ° Ur prlnted ll8t of Properties
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
- 218-220 Montgomery st. Mills bldg.
LYON & HOAG.. 116 MONTGOMERY ST.
We publish a printed list of both improved
and unimproved property in all sections of
the city.
.SWELL FLATS ON PACIFIC HEIGHTS.
?l-5,o00 — Two handsome new flats containing 0'
and 11 rooms; decorated throughout in
splendid taste; charminir situation
commanding grand views; key lot- af-
fords an abundance of light arid sun;
¦ total rents 5125.
.«/» DOWNTOWN BUSINESS CORNER.
$20,000— Corner on Sansome st; stores and
lodging-house; net rent $140
A SPECULATIVE BUSINESS PROPERTY
$25,500— On Howard st, near- Second* lot 40
feet front, running through to rear
street; Improvements paying 5 per
cent. .
THREE HANDSOME NEW FLATS
$14,000— Annual rent $15(30; best portion of
Washington st, containing 7 large
sunny rooms which are handsomely
decorated; lot 25xl27:8Vi
*,, ,wv. FLAT S FACING. THE. PARK*.
$11,000— Three fine flats containing 7 roomj
.-..and bath; total rent $102 50.
-.. _, LAGUNA-ST. FLATS.
$0,200— Two splendid flats on Laguna st, con-
taining 6 and 7 rooms and bath; key
1%-^° feet front; fine views.- rent
$57 50. . ¦ . , - • ¦
S -£ ER £ ADDIT I°N BUSINESS CORNER.
$8,000— Three-story building consisting of
atore and 3 flats: total rent $67
_ , „_„ TWO CHEAP FLATS.
$4,000 — Rent $38; Greenwich st, close to town,
containing 4 and 5 rooms and- bath
» /wv HYDE-ST. INVESTMENT.
$9,000 — Good two-story house containing 9
rooms and bath; only one block- Trom
City Hall; rent $45.
•noT HREE FLATS NEAR. THE PARK.
$0,250— Rent $1080 per year; contains 6 rooms,
bath and a!l conveniences; lot 25xl0tS
-,-,w, c A SPLENDID BUY.
$15,000— Substantial 3-stbry and basement
building containing store and 18 rooms
above; rented to one tenant at S115;
he pays water and all expenses; How-
ard st. close to Third; must be sold to
close an estate.
. B H£ INESS C ORNER AT THE MISSION.
$7,000 — Two buildings occupied by grocer, pro-
duce and shoe dealers; the rent $65-
could be Increased: lot 50x80
AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT.
$i0,000— Annual rent $6000; splendid new build-
ing containing 103 rooms; lot C0xl37-.B-
guaranteed lease for five years- tenant
pays for water and all expenses.
--«^ ANOTHER BUSINESS CORNER.
$1,000— Three buildings, store and flats: lot 50x
SO: rents $58 50; could be Increased to
$<0; mortjrRKe of $3000 can remain.
.LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE CO (Inc.)
impro^!d CALIFORNIa: st -
57:6x137:6 — North line Turk st. nr Taylor
$16.000— Ellis st; 3 flats; rents $130 xa y lor -
$13.500 — Cor. Steiner and Waller sts.: 4Sx81-
stores, flats and stable; rents $97. '
Bush st, near Powell; 30x112:6; wooden Im-
provements. "i~!
$10,500— Page, nr. Laguna; 27:6x120 to rear
Btreet; house of 8 rooms and bath.
$10,000 — Thlr-i-st. corner; pays 10 per c<srt
$10,000 — Fillmore. nr. Pacific; 30xll2-6- house
of 8 rooms and bath; rent $65.
$10,000 — Pacific ave., nr. Scott: 27x127 -8 •
modern house of 13 rooms and 3 baths • '
$8250— Mason, near Pine; 23x62:6 to rear
etreet; house of 9 rooms and 2 rear flats •
rents $64. • • ¦¦ . '
$7750— Woodward ave., nr. 14th; 3 flats; rents
$7600— Union, nr. Dupont; 23x69; three-story
house; rents $75. '
$7500— Clay, nr. Baker: 27:6xS5; 2 bay-win-
dow flats: rents $55.
$6000 — Post St., near Baker; 41:3xl37-R- ft
flats; rents $24 40. -«xj<.o, a
$5750 — Buchanan st, near Post-; 24x87-6- 2
story bay-window house; rent $35. "
$5500 — Union st, near Taylor; 25:9x128-9 tn
rear street; 2 flats; rents $42 50.
$o500 — Lombard st; near Jones: 27*R-inn.
2 flats; rents $32. -oxioo,
$4500 — Clara st: store and flats; rents $48
$4500-rCor. Geary and Broderick; 25xi)2-' 4
flats; rents $34. . .*»-;.§
$3750— Liberty . st, near Guerrero; 25x114'
2-story bay-window residence: rent $°9 so '
. UNIMPROVED.
$17.000— Sansome. near Green; 83:6x137-6.
California, near.. Webster; 25x137-6
$11,250— Mason, nr. Jackson; 74:9x137-6- will
subdivide. ¦
$9500 — Corner Gough and Filbert; 137:6x
107:8}4.
$5C00— Green, near Polk; 50x116.
$7000 — Cor. Turk and Devisadero; 27x86:11
$5500 — Greenwich, near Taylor; 45:10xl37*-6
$5250 — Corner Jackson and Locust: 37-6x
102:SU. • .. ¦ ¦ ¦•• . ¦
$3500— Devisadero. near Union; 33x100 . •
$2100— Cor. 21st and Hampshire; 25x97:6.
S2000— Elizabeth, near Diamond; 51-8x114.
$1400— McAllister, near Willard; 25x100
$900 per lot^— York, near Twenty-sixth'- 2 lota,
each 26:8x100. , '
400 lots, $200 to $400; terms easy; electric
road passes. •
HAWKS & -SKELTON. ~ ~~
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken
of Property.
$12,500— Fine Investment; O'Farrell St.; 3 up-
to-date flats, 7. rooms each; rents $1110 per an-
num; lot 27x137. .- - -
$16,000 — Haight-st. flats; all modern conve-
niences; 3 flats; 7 rooms each; rented, $1350 per
annum; good investment. . ¦
$14,000 — Lot on Dramm st, near Market
22:11x70: only $610 per foot; new building go-
ing up adjoining and another close by; will pay
well to -improve. ¦- • , . ¦ ¦
$2300 — Pays big interest; $360 rents per an-
num; Zoe St.. near Third and Brannan; in good
repair. • " • - . . . ,
$3500 — Nosth side Sutter st, between Baker
and Lyon; good house, 7 rooms and bath. •
$10,000 — Large corner lot, Twelfth ave. and
B st, between park and Point Lobos ave.:
•240x225; good investment.
$4000— Lot on Leavenworth st, near Green-
50xC0; close to Hyde or Union st. cars; special-
ly sunny exposure. • -
$4500 — Lot : on Chestnut st. near Stockton:
68:9x137; street accepted; will pay well to im-
prove; will divide in three lots If 'desired
HA.WKS & SKELTON, 323 Montgomery 'st.
A SNAP — Cottage of 3 rooms; $800; terms same
as paying rent. Apply SE. cor. Alabama and
Montcalm Bts. ' • .
A SACRIFICE — House, 8 rooms; $1400; terms
. same as paying rent. Apply SE. cor. Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts. ...
nEAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
G. H. CMESEN A CO..
REAL ESTATE, 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
$51,000 — Rents $415 per month; 7 newly con-
structed and elegantly appointed flats,
near Sutter and Hyde sts.; large lot.
40x137:6.
SCI, 000 — Ilents $_50 per month; choice Slxth-
st. business property: substantial im-
provements; consist of 4 stores and 8
flats; steadily rented; 75x90; this is a
tnap.
$27,500 — Southwest corner Pine and Mason sta.;
grand site for hotel or ! apartment
house; 62:6x137:6.
$21,500— Rents $152 50 per month; choice corner
on McAllister st. ; new Improvements
consist of 5 flats of 6, 6, 7 rooms and
bath each; elegantly finished; 37:6x
£0:10.
$16,500 — Rents $08 50 per month; Ellis st, near
Hyde; 3 modern flats of 6. 7, 8 rooms
and bath each; 26:10x87:6; this prop-
•.--_- erty 11 rea<J1 ly enhance in value.
$17.000 — Rents $140 per month; corner on Page
6t; <i modern flats of 5-6 rooms and
ir>^6 each: £tone TOlks. etc.; 37:6x
$14,000— Rents $105 per month; two S-story
houses of 10-11 rooms and bath each;
•w /vn« en <Jid site for flats or house.
$14,000— Rents $105 per month; Leavenworth
?n\, near PIne ; wa 2-story houses of
10-11 rooms and bath eacn;- splendid
tmnnn £." . £ flats or apartment house.
fio.000— Rents $.0 per month; near Haight and
finmore sts. ; good improvements con-'
eist of 3 houses and 2 flats of 5, 6 7
rooms and bath each; large lot; two
•-1K-. ir° n t*ses : a bargain.
*i, 150— Rents $i5 per month; near 4th and
btockton and Market sts.: good im-
provements consist of store and dwell-
er ft/uv I?*' this Property is bound to enhance.
?3,000— Rents $45 per month; Oak st: 2 desir-
able bay-window flats of 5-6 rooms and
• i «™ bath each I 25x137:6.
54,000— Rents S33 per month; Green st; 2 sub-
stantial bay-window flats of 7-6 rooms
and bath each; 31:6x125; must be sold
• •» o-- by or0> r of the bank.
$3,600— Rents $27 per month, which are low;
Natoma St.. near 6th; 2 good flats of
• 5-6 rooms each, steadily rented: 25x80;
must sell. .
*o,400 — PoEt-st. corner: good improvements,
consisting of etora and 2 rooms and
cottage of 4 rooms adjoining; 30x97:6;
„ ... must be Eold by order of the bank.
*3,000 — Rents $38 per month; near Folsom and
8th sts. ; 2 flats of 5-6 rooms and rear
house of 4 rooms.
Call or write for our Real Estate Record
containing a list of properties for sale In all
parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
14 Montgomery st
JCELSON, JOHNSON A CO..
205 Montgomery St., Opp. Mills Building.
SNAP.
Pays 14'i Per Cent Net
»7,500 — Rents $900. Always rented. Must
be sold to close an estate; handsome
three story building, also cottage and
. two flats fronting on main car line
Btreet south of Market, near Fifth and
running b*ck to rear street
NEW MODERN FLATS.
EASIEST TERMS EVER OFFERED.
$1,000 cash: balance on instaHrnents equal
to rents; Just completed; two modern
fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath: hand-
eome tiled mantels, tiled bathrooms;
tiled kitchen, stationary gas range, etc;
rents $52 50 per month.
SEE THIS TO-DAY.
LOCATION.
Ag-ent on property from 11 till 3 o'clock
Kcs. 2642 to 3656 Hyde street, corner of
North Point street; Hyde and O'Farrell
etreet car pass.
$7,250— Rents ?S70; three up-to-date flats;
lot 27:6x110; Post st: building alone
cost more than price asked.
$5,250 — Must b* sold; two attractive flats;
Oak St.; lot 25x137:6; $2500 bank mort-
gage can remain.
$7,000 — Fourth street business property;
three story building, 2 stores and 2
floors above.
$3,503 — Bargain; two Etory residence on Lyon
street.
$3,500— Rents $236; two flats; $1300 bank
mortgage; near Fifth street.
$6,250 — Rents $750; never idle; three flats
Mission ti-arm belt; lot 25x120.
$13,000— Rents $1230; main business street,
three blocks north of Market; lot 2ox
120; two frontages.
$4,500— Rents fSQ*: forced sale; lot 30x100;
two flats and rear house; near 16th and
Valencia streets.
$5,250 — Rents $624; three handsome well
built flats; 6 rooms and bath each;
cost $CSOO to build; near 4th street.
$4,000— Rents $462; brick building; store and
lodging house; near Montgomery • and
Jackscn etreets.
NELSON, JOHNSON & CO..
205 Montgomery St.. Opp. Mills Building.
MADISON & BURKE. ~
(Established January, 1S5S.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
Removed to SO Montgomery st. opposite Lick
; House.
MISSION ST.— INSIDE.
$26.000 — Business blo^k, stores and fiats; pay-
ing large steady income; 60x100.
INSIDE INVESTMENT.
$10,000— OTarrell et., near Polk; large house;
lot 22:11x120 to rear Etreet; this Is an improv-
ing location.
$10,500 — Bush-st. flats; large and sunny; In-
side Van Ness ave. ; rents low at $80.
HOWARD STREET.
$SOC0 — Very cheap; store, fiat and rear house;
rent $70; let 25x90; Howard, bet 10th & llta.
MARKET-ST. CORNER.
$16,000 — Market-st. gore lot, intersection ot
Ridley et.. 93 feet on Market; covered with
stores ; this is & bargain.
$11.000 — Green st, near Fillmore; large, well-
built residence; 14 rooms, bath, all modern;
lot 33x137:6.
Flats renting for $26; on Seventeenth st, nr.
Castro ; lot 25x100; price $3500.
$5000 — San Jose ave., near Twenty- ninth st;
Cats and store; rents $32; lot 36x8L
$2000 — Nice cottage home en Nineteenth st,
rear Eureka; modern; 5 rooms and bath; lot
£5x75.
$5000 — Turk rt, near Steiner: good 8-room
house, with stable in rear; lot 25x137:6; large
yard.
$'250 — 23d-st residence; corner; near San-
chez; 37:9x65; contains 8 rooms and bath.
LOTS.
Only $8000—100x125; east line Castro st, be-
tweeen 17th and 18th: cheapest lots in this lo-
cation; street work all done; -Market-st car
cystem passes.
$300* — Corner Twenty-fifth and Alabama
«ts.; &UX100; a good corner to Improve.
$2750 — Hayes st.; north line, near Central
«.ve. ; 25x157 :6.
12500— McAllister St., near Lyon; 25x137:6.
$1250 — Twenty-second -et.. near Florida, 25x
104.
$S00— 23 ave v near Point Lobos; 25x120.
Lets on Twentieth ave., between Clement st
. and Point Lobos ave. ; a choice line of lots,
$550 and $CO0, on easy terms if desired.
MADISON A BURKE,
30 Montgomery st
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE^
¦¦Heirs Anxious to Sell.
EXAMINE THESE PROPERTIES.
Send for Plats.
" Lots north Eide of Fulton street, near 1st
ave., facing the park, 20x137; price $1300.
Block bounded by Frederick, Willard and
Carl »ts.. overlooking Golden Gate Park; 20
lots; offer wanted.
Fine lots for fiats, McAllister, near Scctt,
$2750 and upwards.
Beautiful marine view, lot north line of. Val-
lejo, near Scott, C3:l',.xl37:6 feet; price $173
per foot.
A fine investment; splendid private hotel;
J05 rooms "and large corner lot down town;
rent $600 monthly; price $90,000.
Cheapest lot in Presidio Heights; Clay st,
between Maple and Cherry; sire 25x102:8 feet;
price reduced to $1700.
Only $4000; new house of 7 rooms and bath
on College Heiphts; picturesque location: fine
view and sheltered from winds and fog; lot 25
X15O; culek sale wanted.
Modern, flats; 3 fine, swell flats In Panhandle;
7 rooms and bath each; rent $100; lot 25x
137:6 fett; price $11,000.
Cheap cottage near Twelfth and Harrison; 5
rooms; needs some repairing; only $1000.
Ashbury st. ; larpe lot, 37x90 feet; cars pass;
Tnice $1500; no reasonable offer refused; this
iot must be eold; a eood chance to secure a
snap.
Bernal Heights; cheapest lots in town; price
$200; must sell.
Send for our plats of cheap lots in all parts
McAFEE BROTHERS. 108 Montgomery St.
HOTEL SITE. ~~ ~
Beautiful location for a cummer and winter
resort: w* effer for sale five acres of land Jn
sunny Mill Valley, Cal.. within 2 minutes'
walk of Mill Valley der>ot. For particulars
cal! or address McAFEE BROTHERS...
108 Montgomery st »
A SNAP. ¦ ~~~ "
$1,000— Corner In the Mission; 34x103 feet:
suitable for corner grocery or coal yard
or fine residence.
$500— Will build a cottage on Randall Bt,
near Chencry: balance same as rent
$400 — 4 lots in University Homestead, suit-
able for chicken ranch; payments same
ss rent.
J. BROWNSTONE, II Montgomery st
CORNER Pacific and Mason; floor of 7 rooms
end bath; all front rooms: two toilets; mod-
+rn plumbine: rent $35. BUENHAM A
S1AHSH CO., 20 Montgomery tt
BERKELEr ADVERTISEMENTS
¦
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A SPECIAL LIST OF HOUSES.
$1250— 6-room house; 5 blocks of U..C.
$1400— Lot 90x100; 5 rooms; barn; fruit trees.
$14oO — Large lot; 5 rooms; barn: well.
$1600^ — Nice 6-room cottage; nearly new.
$2000 — Two-story, 7-room house; nearly new;
real nice place.
$3000 — Good 7-room house; nice grounds.
$3000 — Substantial house; 0 rooms; east of
Grove.
$3500 — New; 8 rooms; nice location; east- of
Telegraph.
$3830— Eight rooms; fine location; very nice;
east of Shattuck.
$3500^ — Nine rooms; nice location; close In.
$1650 — Elegant; 9 rooms; handsome grounds;
near U. C.
$4750 — Nearly new; 14 rooms; close In; fine
for roomers.
_6CO0 — Very nice; choice location; 9 rooms.
$11,000 — Elegant mansion; large grounds;
choice location. ' - ,r.
$12,500— Four acres; elegant mansion; fine
orchard and grounds.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center at. Berkeley.
I HAVE for sale a splendidly built house of 12
rooms; fine cemented basement and large at-
tic; completed one year ago; lot 70x160; fino
view; street work all done, and connected with
bath, gas and electric lights: any one want-
ing a thoroughly good house can get a bar-
gain In this. JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley Station. . '. *
$3730 — A WELL-BUILT hous* of T rooms (4
bedrooms), gas and electric lights; lot .".Ox
157; very convenient to electric cars and
station. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
$455o^-Nobby new home .near the coUego
grounds; large lot; modern plumbing; fine
view.
$4000— Pretty home In the Scenic Park, near
the university.
$3750— Fine sightly lot In the above tract.
100x140; street work all done.
$2000— A snap; lot 40x125. on Nob Hill.
$2000 — Lot 50x144. on Ridge Road, near
Euclid.
$3500— Up to date cottage, 9 rooms; lot 43
xl35: street work done; a big snap !
$630 — Lot 40x133; on Henry St.. a big pickup.
See MAY & MORTIMER.
2123 Center st. Berkeley.
¦
R. C. STAATS CO.. 2137 Shattuck ave.
We sell the earth, pieces and prices to suit
purchaser.
We also sell houses, look at this list! Prices
and terms to suit all.
6-room cottages; good location; easy terms;
$1600.
5-room cottage and 5 big lots: $1500.
6-room cottage, $2250; 8-room house", $2300;
both modern.
Near the University; 8-room house, $0450;
9-room house. $4730.
9-room house, $5000; 11-room house, $7000;
all these are modern.
If you wish to buy In Berkeley, call on the
R. C. STAATS CO., 2137 Shattuck ave.. Berke-
ley station.
ANOTHER BIG BARGAIN FOR LITTLH
MONEY.
924 — $1300; five-room cottage; bath, base-
ment; brick foundation; fruit trees, etc. ; lot 50
xl33; only one block from station, school,
stores, etc.; see this; easy payments.
922 — $2700; a perfect gem; I have never
'shown a finer cottage; 6 large rooms and bath;
beautifully tinted rooms; all the latest Improve-
ments; lot 50x122; close to station; nice «ui-
roundlngs. H. D. IRWIN. Lorin station.
$1500— $100 CASH. bal. $15 per mo.; fine 4-
room cottage on macadamized street; 1 block
to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1800 — NEW 5-room cottage; fine mantel: sta-
tionary tubs; high basement; fine corner lot.
40x100; all sewered: $150 cash, balance $20
per month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2200 — NEW 6-room house; fine mantel and
sideboard; large lot; close to station. W. C.
MORAN & CO.. Lorin station, or C. C.
EMSLIE. Ashby station, Berkeley.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath.
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & Insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S. M. DODGE- 4 SON,
1160 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
$7500 — East Oakland Sanitarium; 22 room--.
with necessary closets and baths; on.
Highland Park Heights: will sell on
very easy terms, with a long time to
pay. If desired.
$4000— Two-story house on E. 19th it. bet. 23d
and 24th aves.; cdlonial style; 8 rooms
. and bath; barn.
$2000— Cottage «n E. 12th st.. bet Ninth and
Tenth sts.. East Oakland; 5 rooms;
closets, pantry, etc.; half cash, balance
mortgage.
$2400 — New cottage on Woolsey st.; 5 rooms.
bath and laundry; terms, $500 cash and
balance on monthly Installments of $ uu.
$1200— Well built barn on the east side of Kirk-
ham st, near Twelfth; lot 38x113; will
accommodate four horses; or will sell
the lot, 33x100. for $1000.
$2150— Nice house on Chestnut st. bet 24th
and 26th sts.; 9 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; good well, piped; lot 56x123.
.'->Uf -./: S. M. DODGK & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
$5750— CASH VALUE $8000.
House of 9 rooms, bath and furnace; every-
thing In tho latest and best sanitary condi-
tion; nice large barn; lot 75x122; situated In
Linda Vista Terrace and surrounded by ele-
gant homes; owner cannot occupy the prem-
l&es and so prefers to sell rather than rent
J. S. MYERS, 1002 .Broadway, Oakland.
$4750— COST TO DUPLICATE $3300.
Location. 20th and Webster sts.; new Col-
onial 7-room house; open and nickel plumb-
Ing; everything first-class in finish and con-
struction; sunny; only 3 minutes' walk to
the business center; seeing Is believing; call
early. J. S. Myers, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$2000— CASH VALUE $3500.
House is new, 2 story; 3 rooms downstair*
and 2 rooms upstairs; all modern conveni-
ences; lot (note size) 60x135; chicken yards
and outhouses; everything In first-class or-
der; terms only $600 cash: first come first
served; must be Bold; positively no reserve.
J. S. MYERS. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
E. 3. STEWART A CO.. "
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
. ________
$1730 — Fine bargain; new house; 6 rooms and
bath: modern in every respect: street
work all done; near San Pablo ave. elec-
tric car line; easy terms; look this up
at once.
$2550 — Nice house; 8 rooms and bath; lot 23x
150; small barn on lot; street work all
done; nice neighborhood; near Telegraph
ave.; terms If desired.
$2650 — New, modern two-sto*y house of 7 rooms
and bath; never occupied; porcelain
bath; enamel sink; fine surroundings:
. three blocks from, local train; easy term*
to right parties.
$3500 — Best Investment In Oakland: modern T-
room 2-story house; fine location; cen-
tral; close to school and cars; rented to
steady tenant.
E. J. STEWART A CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. ~~ ~
WOODWARD, "WATSON A CO..
• 903 Broadway, Oakland.
$1250 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and baW»;
lot 25x100. north side of Atlantic st.. near Pine
$2250 — North side 29th st. near Grove; lot
50x140; 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath
$3730^ — On Castro st, near Uth; lot 33 l-3x
75; modern 2-story house, 8 rooms and bath.
$3500 — On north side 10th st. between Ade-
line and Center stations: lot 40x110: 2-story
modern bouse* 8 rooms and bath. •
$4500— On 10th st., near Klrkham; modern 2-
story house, D rooms, 2 baths and good barn;
lot 60x110.
¦ $S0W) — On Durant st, near ITanrison: very
fine home; 9 rooms, bath and basement; hard-
wood floors: furnace, open fireplaces: every
thlnsr the best: lot 50x100; north side of strwt.
$7500 — Beautiful home on 13th st. near Mad-
ison: lot 65x100; modern 2-story house, 9 rooms
and bath.
WOODWARD. WATSON A CO.. 903 Broad-
way, Oakland.
AUSTIN'S BARGAINS. •.". .-•- V-
$100 down, balance monthly — Rouse of 9
rooms, bath, basement, etc.; all In first-clssa
condition: lot 20x100 feet: stone walks: open
lawn; 674 Thirty-third st, sunny side, near
Grove.
$2500 — In Piedmont: 6- roomed cottage In
fine condition; lot 60 feet front: street work
all done: sunny and very desirable: one-half
block to cars: immediate vicinity of the elf-
«rant residences of Senator Perkins, Alex.
Young, E»q. ; Orestes Pierce. Esq.. ard
Frank C. Havens, Esq.; a big bargain: see
the property and be convinced; 233 Oakland
avenue.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
460 Tenth st. Oakland.
FOR sale^ — New 9-room house: every modern
convenience; 11th ave. and East 18th st.:
lanr* lot: low price; easy terms. B. H.
WELCH & CO.. 5th ave. and E. ISth st.
-Oakland. . . _^
$200 DOWN, balance monthly; ¦ new modern
home of 6 rooms: Merrlmac St.. near Tele-
graph ave. GEORGE W. AUSTIN. 180
Tenth -st. Oakland.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments See Page 38.
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY STREET.
$3,100— Rents $2S 50 per month; lot 25x75; 2-
story building of 2 flats: brick founda-
tion; Carlos ave., near Nineteenth and.
Valencia.
$25,000 — Washingtcn-st corner residence of 5
'¦:.•¦. , bedrooms, 2 baths, conservatory, muslo
_ room, etc.; lot 56x102.
$7,000— Elhs Et, near Pierce; house, 12 roomB
and bath; rent $50; lot 27:6x187:6.
$85,000— Kearny-street investment, not far from
Market; 4-story and basement brick
building,
$21,000— Guerrero-st corner: rents $1800 net
per annum; 3 stores, 2 flats; lot 27x80.
$3,500— Dorland st., near Guerrero and 18th;
2-story and basement house of 8 rooms
and bath; lot 25:8x115; double frontage.
$60,000 — Mission st; 2-story and basement
brick building; rents $3000 per annum;
lot 45:10x137:6.
$8,000 — Jackson st, near Montgomery; 2 -story
and basement brick building; lot 25x
60; rents $720 per annum.
$26,000— Eddy st. near Van Ness ave.: lot
50x120 to rear street; 6 flats; rents
$2400 per annum.
$18,000- ; -Broadway, near Dupont; lot 70x137;
frame building used for business pur-
poses.
$20,000 — Clay st.. near Dupont; 3-story and
basement brick building; rents $170 a
month.
$20,000— Rents $200 per month; lot 46x137:6;
Pacific near Kearny; brick building.
$13,000 — Rents $147 per month: Washington
et, near Dupont; 3-story and base-
ment brick building. .' ' .»;
$3,300 — Castro st, near Fourteenth: residence
of 8 rooms and 2 baths; lot 26x100.
$11,000 — Rents ?100 per month; Oak st, facing
Golden Gate Park, 3 new flats; lot
25x137:6.
$*6,000 — O'Farrell st, near Gough: lot 2T:6x
137:6; 3 flats; rents $105 per month.
$35,000 — Powell St., vicinity of Union square; 3-
story and basement bay-window build-
ing. .
$2,500 — Ninth ave.. near Golden Gate Park
(Sunset district); bay-window cottage
of 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x130.
$6,000 — Leikln st, near Washington; house of
8 rooms and bath; lot 30x137:0; ex-
cellent location for flats.
$3,100 — John st, near Washington and Pow-
ell; house of 8 rooms, bath; rentb $30
month. '
$1,800 — Nevada st, near Cortland: cottage of
6 rooms, bath, basement, barn, chick-
en-house, etc.; lot' 25x140; double
frontage; short distance from MHsion-
st cars.
$3,300 — Green st, near Hyde; house of 7
rooms; lot 20x60.
$2,600 — Broadway, near Jones; house of 6
rooms and bath; rent $16 per month.
$10,500 — Third Bt. near Folsom; 3-story frame
building; 2 stores below, 11 rooms
. above; rents $63 per month.
$4,650 — Eddy st. near Buchanan; Iot 26x120
to rear street; 2 frame cottages;
splendid location for flats.
$4,250 — Austin ave., near Bush and Franklin;
2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each; rents $37 per month.
BUILDING LOTS.
Golden Gate Park Frontages.
Bound to be the Most Valuable, same as
in Eastern and European cities. Available
Park sites will prove the choicest and most
select residence property In San Francisco.
WE OFFER ON VERY EASY TERMS,
a few lots, fronting the Park. Street and
property on official grade, macadamized
. and sewered, plank sidewalks, street
lamps, gas and • water and on
electric road for very low
prices.
Remember we have only a limited amount
of lots and we recommend them as
Good Bargains.
GET IN BEFORE PRICES ARE RAISED.
Apply at Our Branch Office.
"SUNSET DISTRICT,"
South of Golden Gate Park.
Corner H street and Ninth avenue.
Opposite Main Park Entrance to Music Stand.
Open every day, Sundays and Holidays.
Our Agents there aro always ready with
horse and buggy to show properties.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery St.
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$175.000 — First-class brick improvements; in
city's financial center; over 6 per cent
net with certainty of good turn.
$70,000 — Close to Market and Steuart sts..; new
brick building; the best on the water
front; 1 tenant; over 5 per cent net
$70,000 — New and handsome apartment house,
5-year lease; $500 a month; 60x137:6.
$33,000 — Bush st; close downtown; 80-feet
front; 2 frontages; old improvements. :
$31,000 — 6th st. investment; large lot; good
building; $266 a month; over 9 per
cent net
$20,000 — Golden Gate ave., near Van Ness:
large lot; 2 frontages; houses and
flats; $144 monthly: 7U per cent net.
$17,000—3 elegant sunny new flats on Larkin
• st; car Unes within a block each
way; $133 a month; 8% per cent net.
$15,500 — Jones st. near Washington; 3 elegant
new sunny flats; marine view; large
lot; $127 50 month; 8% per cent net.
$15,000 — Howard st. near 4th: store and lodg-
ings; $115 a month; a snap that must
be sold at once; submit an offer.
$11.000 — Near-. Larkin and Washington sts.:
good sunny fiats; modern; paying $90;
SVi per cent net; always rented.
$9,750 — Hermann st, nr. Webster; 2 front-
ages; large lot; good flats; $SS month.
$8,500 — Jackson st, nr. Baker: 3 splendid
modern flats; rent $82 50 monthly.
$3 t 500 — Xear 3d and Townsend sts.; 2 front-
ages: flats just put in good repair;
$33 50 monthly; all occupied. .
$25,000 — Elegant new Presidio . Heights resi-
dence: ideal home.
$24,000 — Beautiful modern Pacific Heights resi-
dence; 14 rooms and 2 baths; north-
west corner.
$16,000 — North line Washington St.; handsome
10-room key lot residence.
$8,000— North side Washington st., nr. Web-
ster; comfortable sunny 9-room
house.
$3,250 — New 5-room cottage on Second ave.
$9,000 — Devlsadero st. nr. Grove; 82:6 front;
splendid lot for stores or flats.
$5,500 — Page st, nr., Buchanan; 50x137:6.
$5,000 — Waller st, nr. Webster; 50 feet; good
for flats; 50 feet front to rear street
$4,500 — Webster st. nr. California; 30x100.
BOARDMAN BROS & CO..
138 Montgomery st.
BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Rents Collected. Houses Rented and Full
—-Charge Taken of Property.
624 Market Street.
$6775— Pierce st. near Eddy; house of 8
large rooms and bath; In first-class condition;
can be easily made Into flats; now renting for
$50 per month; lot 25x87:6 feet.
$100,000 — Downtown lot on Eutter st. ; 137:6
xl37:6; will pay handsomely to Improve.
$5500 — Lot and 2 flats on Golden Gate ave.:
renting for $47 50 per month; size 24:9x110
feet.
$5000 — Pine st., near Webster; house of 7
rooms and bath; brick foundation; In good or-
der; lot 25x110 feet. !
$14,000— California st, Nob Hill; fine lot
52:6 feet, near Taylor St.; beautiful site for
residence.
$19,000 — Eddy st.. downtown: 3 elegant new
flats, renting for $122 50 per month; lot 34:4%
xl20 feet; these are choice flats and finely lo-
cated.
$18,500 — 3 modern flats on Geary st, north
side, cloee to Jones; rents $140 per month.
$47.000— Six strictly up to date flats, east of
Van Ness ave.. north of Market st. ; lot 50x120
feet; rents $330 per month.
$45.000— Lot 37:6x137:6, close to Union
Square and Pacjfic Union Club.
$24,000— Front st, near California; good sub-
stantial two-story and basement brick build-
ing; Iot 22:11x97:6; rents $125 per month. '
$6000 — Buchanan st, near Post; 2-story resi-
dence, containing 7 rooms and bath; lot 24x
87:6 feet: rent $35 per month. •
$7000 — Post st, near Baker; 3 flats of 5
and 6 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x110 feet; rents
$70 per month.
Further particulars of BOVEE, TOY &
SONNTAG. 624 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
No one can beat our offerings.
$500 to $1000— Graded Sunset lots; $19
monthly. ¦ . •• ,
$100 to $450— Ocean Boulevard loU; $S
monthly. -
$400 to $800— Richmond lots: all bargains.
Sunset Branch Office — Ninth ave., near H st
$150 AND $250 EACH.
Don't miss seeing our Excelsior Homestead
lots; near Mlssion-st. electric ' cars.
Level; no grading; Spring Valley water.
Ride to corner Mission st and China or
Brazil aves.
$1000, $1500 to $3f000— Modern cottages; best
locations; all bargains; easy terms
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room 54, Chronicle building.
$3300— FLATS: 26th, near Guerrero; good or-
der; extra size lot; good Income; must be
Bold at once.
$10,000 — Rents $120 per month; very large
lot; must be sold to close account; near Powell
and Broadway.
$225— $10 cash, $5 per month; fine lot on
East Park St., Holly Park; at a great bargain;
surrounded by homes.
$850 — Offer wanted; Greenwich st, near
Scott; extra ¦wide.
$25 cash, $5 per month; cheap lot on Francis
et; all ready for building; half block from
Mlssion-st. cars.
McSWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st
NEW flats In choicest residence part of Mission
. warm belt; San Jose ave., bet 24th and 25th
sts. ; pays 1 per cent on investment. H.
FEIGE. builder. 1068 Capp St.
LOT ready to build on near Twenty-ninth and
Dolores. THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
38
... MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A SPECIAL list of bargains for this week:
1 Zech Square..... $35
1 Emerson .';..."..... .Square.". 50
1 Hazelton ....; Square.... 65
1 Symphony Square.... 75
1 "Arion Square « 85
. 1 Steinway ...Square. ......... .100
1 Decker Bros........ Square :.-.... '100
1 Biddle ...I .Upright 150
. 1 Newby & Evans.. ..Uprisrht... 175
1 Bradford Upright.. 200
"1 Hamilton Upright...' 225
1 Spielmann.. Upright 250
1 Lester. Upright... 275
1 Byron Mauzy Upright 300
1 Sohmer .....Upright 35C
:. 1 Steinway Grand 400
1 Eohmer Grand 450
1 Folding, organ 25
1 A. B. Chase, organ <>5
1 Mason & Hamlin, organ..... 60
1 Estey, organ 60
l'Taber, organ. 76
¦ 1 New Pipe Organ, Byron Mauzy, maker. . 1500
BYRON MAUZY, S06-310-312 Poet st.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS ALL UPRIGHTS.
A Fischer; 3 pedals; mahogany case $185
AVose; 3 pedals; mahogany case 295
A Schwechten: walnut case; like new... 230
A Steinway; mahogany case; less than... 300
' A Pease; fancy oak case 285
_' A Chester; good as new; mahogany...... 195
Easy payments; fully warranted five years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & 16-18-20 O'Farrell.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350^ buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all xiprlghts :
8 Steinway $95 to $280
2 Knabe .' ..$85 to $110
2 Fischer ..$75 to $155
1 Bourne r. $40
Over 500O Heine pianos In S. F. Agents lbr
famous, old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installments $2 up. •
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 233-237
Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos • and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO., Steinway dealers,
'cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F., Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by 'us taken back any time
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new pe.erless Knabe v at regular
• price; costs you only 20c a day to' buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850.
WE are. cleaning house and will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as low
as $30,. and in good condition. Call and see
our unsurpassed • line of new goods as well.
. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 709
, Market at., .
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in city. FIERCE' S
. PIANO FACTORY, Market, 14th & Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a song
at WILSON'S STORAGE, 1710 Market Bt.
PARTY' need of cash must sacrifice handsome
¦upright piano account death. 486 Eddy st.
ON sale — -A large Steinway upright; good as
new; must sell. 237 Geary st. - ¦
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co.. 660 Hayes st.
$160 — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 10 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 931 Market St.—
Steck, Everett, Ludwigr and other good pianos.
SNAP — 2 only, new, $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn,208Post.
BYRON MAUZY, 308-310-312 Post Bt.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 sts.r below Kearny st. 636 Clay St., room 1.
OIL.
McKENZIE & CARLSEN. members Producers'
OH Exchange, buy and sell oil stocks, oil
lands and investment securities. 137 Mont-
gomery st., room 32.
/ PALMISTRY.
sSieTg"" ''iT^NE^RGTAR^readTT^o '4. 700
Post St., corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Postjtel.Black 661.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porter field, 6Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 % Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073% Market.
v PERSONALS.
ABOUT your hair — To restore gray and faded
hair to natural color, cure dandruff, stop fall-
ing, and grow new hair. The Stac^Halr Rem-
edy is superior to all other tonics and restot-
atives. It is clean and healthful. Is not gum-
¦ my or sticky; no grease, no stain; never fails.
_ Sold by druggists, 'hairdressers or our office,
BS5 Geary st. Tho Star Remedy Co.
IF your hair 1b falling:, send for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
of the world; call or send for circular. DR.
G. 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.. S. F.
UNDER what star, wei;e you born? Oriental as-
trology reveals your life, brings success in
love, irfarriage and business; send birth date
•with 10c for typewritten reading and de-
scriptive photo of who you should marry. ¦
Professor Poetel, No. 216, Lansdowne, Pa. •
A RUPTURE who wants to gets cured. Can It
be cured? Yes, by a new devlc^that cannot
fall to hold any rupture In place that exists.
It can be seen at HUNTER'S SANITARIUM,
1206 Market st. T
IF MR. THOMAS MORRIS, formerly of 614B
Second St., this city, will communicate with
me he will learn something to his advantage.
Address box 1166. Call office.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st., Oakland.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts in-
curred by my wife, MRS. ELLA ETIQUB,
having left my bed and board. C. M.
ETIQUE.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
M — The long, long, weary days — great comfort
from B and N. S. — still hard at work.
CHINAMAN. ¦ . ¦
THE best hair dressing, any style, 25o only;
¦shampooing, DOc; switches, wigs; hair dye-
lng by artists. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
ANY scalp disease I guarantee to cure; hair
grown; gray restored; hair dressing; all man-
icuring 25c. Mrs. E. R. Dunlap, 34 Kearny.
GENTLEMAN of high standing wishes to meet
a refined lady with view of matrimony. Ad-
dress box 1171. Call. , ¦ • ',« "'¦.i
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, • pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth at. .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1839 Polk St.. S. F.; consultation free.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying. Instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St.. S.F.
HOME treatment for mothers and daughters;
booklet free. The .VI A VI CO.. 2304-6-8 Van
Nes3 ave.<San Francisco; phone East 282.
NOW ready — June Btyles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for cummer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market at., near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
WANTED — Rooming partner; must be a man
of principle and agreeable ways; call even-
lngs. C. J. STOLEY. 17 West Mission Bt.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny. st.. near Pine.
JUST the books you are looking for; send
stamp for list. Box 373. Montreal.
SENSATIONAL book for nien; postage 2 cents,
. WILLIAMS & CO., 140 Geary st
SUITS to order on Installments, $lper week.
Neuhaus & Co.. merch. tailors. 115 Kearny.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
¦ electric needle. MISS EATON. 11}9 Sutter st.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atrlcala; masquerades supplied. 20 O'Farrell.
ACTINA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO., 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electrio needle. Mrs. Cook. 420 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured; no operation.' pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26# Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton,427 Sutter.
PERSONALS — Continued.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
. $15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-'
ments. $1 weekly. , L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
Bt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
Mrs.- Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 239.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
- hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free,
C. H. ROWAN, North Milwaukee, Wls.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists.
HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite -of furnished sunny .rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park;- rent
reasonable. St. James, , McAllister and La-
guna sts. -^j •
AUSTIN ave., 102, off Polk St., bet. Bush and
Pine — 2 .or 3 housekeeping rooms. •¦?--'¦¦*-¦:?-
FIFTH, 353— Furnished- housekeeping. 8, $14;
2 beds. 3, $20; 2 beds, bath. 2, $15; single, $4.
FOLSOM, 834 — In bay-window flat: kitchen,
bath, 'i single rooms; together or separate.
FOLSOM, 620 r -rSunny furnished first floor for
family with' children; large grounds.
FOURTH, 237 — Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping for man and wife; Inquire fruit
store. . ' . »
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny bay window
! suite of 2 front rooms ; gas range, bath, etc.
GOLDEN GATE, 1404— Sunny , front room;
folding bed; reasonable.
HOWARD, 1546 — Alcove bay window, front
I room, with or without kitchen. • .
JUNIPER, 2, off Folsom, bet. 10th and 11th—
2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms, bath; $6.
LASKIE, 27, near Ninth, off Mission — Sunny
parlor, furnished, and 2 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent cheap.
LINDEN, 324 — Nice pleasant sunny front room
for man and wife; use of kitchen; upstairs.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
NINTH, 113 — 2 sunny, front rooms for house-
keeping; running water; reasonable.
NINETEENTH, 3429 — Nice sunny suite on first
floor. '
OAK, 117 — Newly furnished sunny suites, $14 -
and $15; sink, gas range, bath, laundry,
phone; adults.
OCTAVIA, 1303. cor. Geary — Nice sunny bay-
wlndow front parlor, kitchen, gas stove; $13.
PINE, 655— Single and connecting furnished or
unfurnished housekeeping; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK, 137—2 or 3 nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house; newly fur-
nished; free gas; housekeeping; $5 to $10;
sunny; bath.
VALENCIA, 822 — Two sunny suites for house-
keeping; electric lights; bath.
ff^O^j^TjO^JL^Tj— Fjrawu^itn^JlJnjCnirn.
ANGELUS NOW OP flN
New- fireproof brick building;. 90 elegai tly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. b30
Stockton st.; bet. Bush and Pine. ". {
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
.sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c ta$l P«r night; $1^25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market at. (or No. 1
Fifth st.): rooms 25c, 60c. $1, $1 50 night.
$1 CO to $10 per week; house open all night.
ANGELUS — New, elegantly furnished. 530
Stockton St., between Bush and Pine.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BACHELOR'S apartments at the (new) An-
gelus, 530 Stockton st. ,
BUSH, 912, has changed hands; large sunny
furnished or unfurnished rooms for gentle-
.- men; all modern conveniences; rents reason-
able; desirable location; near Jones St.; ref-
erences required.
CLAY 1026 — 1 unfurnished rooms, good order
for housekeeping; bath; $13. / ,-.-;rV
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 816— Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite; piano; eve/y convenience; reasonable.
EUROPEAN HOTEL, 930 Market St., opp. Em-
porium — -Opened for permanent guests June
20th; new management; refurnished; strictly
first class; will give special Inducements to
parties securing rooms during this month;
rates per month; elegant bay-window suites,
Market-st. elde, $30; smaller suites, nicely
furnished, $20; single rooms, $7 to $10. Phone
Main 1698. ~ '
ELEGANTLY furnished front suite, sunny all
day. 10S4 Bush St., phone Larkln 4133.
ELEVENTH, 253— A large sunny furnished
room to let; reasonable.
ELLIS, 821 (Mozart) — Nicely turn, rooms, 38c,
$1 60 night; $1 50, $6 week; open all night.
GEARY, 861 — Pleasant, furnished front room,
running water and bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1050— Well furnished
large sunny room; private family;* free phone.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 00 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
GRAND view from those beautiful suites at
tho (new) Angelus, 630 Stocktsn st. .'
JESSIE, 363, near Fifth and Market — Furnish-
ed rooms $1 per week. - -*;.•
LIGHT and airy, new and bright rooms, suites
and apartments at the (new) Angelus, 630
Stockton st.
LARKIN, 810% — Large sunny room; suitable
for 2 gentlemen; reasonable; gas, bath, phone.
LEAVENWORTH. 1114A j— Newly furnished
sunny parlor room; $15; bath, gas, phone.
' MINNA, 667, corner 8th — Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514. near Eleventh — Clean, cheerful
room, suitable for 1 or 2 persons, $1 50.
.MODERATE rates at the (new) Angelus, 630
..Stockton st. . '
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
POST, 636 — Large front room; running; water;
folding bed; gas; bath; other rooms.
POST, 404, cor. Powell, facing. Union square —
Sunny rooms and offices; suitable physician
or dentist. . - ¦..•;-.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellls^Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8;. month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
¦ floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SEVENTH, 28 — Nicely furnished sunny rooms,'
$10, $8 and $6; also housekeplng rooms.
SEVENTH. 48 — Furnished sunny room; suit 2
men or couple. $7 month; single. $4 and $5.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 1265 — Large unfurnished room.
VALENCIA, ' 1122 — Sunny furnished house-
keeplng rooms; reasonable. ¦
VAN NESS ave.. 320-^-Elegantly furnished
rooms, all modern conveniences; most de-
' slrable part of city; very low rates.
ROOMS, _ AND BOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel. 452 Ellis— This new, ¦trictly
. modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises ; electric light and elevator; private
baths; single and- suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
HOTEL Dartmouth — New family hotel, about
completed, will be ready for. guests July 1;
strictly modern house, first-class In all its ap-
pointments; can be -inspected now; Will be
conducted in strictly select and first-class man-
ner. 865 Post st., bet. Leaven worth and Hyde.
THE MCALLISTER, 603 Van Ness- ave.; Just-
' opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references. . ' ' .
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 999 — Large sunny front
rooms for man and wife or two gentlemen,
with or without board; terms reasonable.
ANGELUS— New, elegantly furnished. 530
Stockton st., between Bush and Pine.
HYDE, 509 — Suite newly furnished rooms;
suitable for two; board If desired; private.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAMBOURNEv 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; Bteam heat .
VAN NESS, 619 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class -table board.
TYPEWRITING & MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewitlng, 4c folio: copies, 2c; mim-
eographing. 027 Markt, rm.303; Howard 1539.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
« A TCT, A X D REAL ESTATE. "
$1100— COTTAGE of 6 rooms, east front, near
local et&tlon. '
$1400 — Cottage. 6 rooms, on Brush St., near
7th et.. close to local station.
$1600 — Cottage of 4 rooms, south front, on
Madison Bt.. near local station.
$1600 — Two-Btory house of 8 rooms, south
front, close to local station.
tlbOO- — Cottage of 0 rooms, good basement,
south front, near Oak-st. station,
$1800 — 1%-story house of 7 rooms, soutn
front, near 6tatlon; lot 35 feet front; rents $15.
$1800 — Two-story house. 7 rooms, near local
station; street work complete.
$2000— Two-story house of 7 rooms, souta
front, fine assortment of trees and shrubs,
arbor, etc; lot 50x100 feet; very easy terms.
THE E P VANDERCOOK CO.. 1016 Broad-
way. 'Oakland, and room 32, second floor.
Mills Building. San Francisco. Calif.
$350 CASH, balance easy installments; mod-
ern cottaee of 4 large rooms, two bay-wln-
dowB. 6-foot txLsement: could be made Into
4 good rooms ; a fine home as It Is; fruit and
flowers; close to fine school, churches, elec-
tric cars and S F. Bteam local train, in East
Oakland; price, all told, $1575; an ideal site
and lovely home; fine bargain; lot 81 :6xllU;
call or eend for circular. 455 Seventh st.,
opposite Broadway station, Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, land owner.
OAKLAND JB^V^lTVTa^JFOn^SAJ^B^
FURNITURE ' good and cheap this month. H.
6CHKLLHAAS. 40S Eleventh Bt.. Oakland.
FRDITYALEADYERTISEMENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
£2200 New modern cottage of 5 large rooms;
hall rooms beautifully tinted and fres-
coed: fine brick, mantel, tiled eink;
porcelain bath; marble washstand; sta-
tionary tubs: C-foot basement; good
brick foundation; chicken house; lot 50x
175; all fenced and cross fenced; In
•walking distance to local train; easy
terms if desired.
$800 — Cottage of 3 rooms; city*wrater; choice
fruit tree* and flowers; chicken houses,
etc; lot tCrl40; S blocks from electric
care; $100 cash down, balance $10 per
month.
12500 — 8 acres In choice fruit trees; house of
4 rooms, bath, pantry, closets, etc;
rice Btable; good horse, harness, top
buggy, spring wagon; 150 chickens; fine
well, windmill and tank; water pipes
laid all over the place; tools, etc.; fine
location for raising chickens; easy terms
If desired.
(900 — Nice home of 2 large rooms; hard fin-
ished and furnished pantry, closets, etc ;
stable; fine cow; lot 100x150; fenced.
$1275 — Great bargain; modern cottage of 6
rooms and bath; good brick foundation,
etc. ; large barn ; fine well, windmill and
tank; fruit trees and vegetables; lot
110x112; all fenced; an opportunity
worth Investigating.
$1875— Modern cottage of 5 rooms, large hall,
porcelain bath, tiled sink; 7-foot base--
xnent; good brick foundation; fine stable;
lot 60x137; all fenced; fine location; only
one block from Frultvale station.
$1280— New colonial cottage of 4 rooms and at-
tic, bath, etc.; lot COxlOO; all fenced;
only 2 blocks from station; good neigh-
borhood.
$875— Fine ccttege of 3 large rooms; hard fin-
ished pantry, closets, etc; 2 chicken
houses ; city water; lot - 100x124; all
fenced; two blocks from electric cars;
easy terms.
91000— 'For sale in East Oakland; cozy cottage
of 8 large rooms and bath; pantry;
doBet8; patent toilet; high basement;
partly floored, etc.; one block from
electric cars and 5 from "local station;
eaey terms.
H. A-. PLEITNER, Frultvale station.
A— W. B. RUDELL. Frultvale ave. and
Washington st., Fruitvale, Cal.
$900— House of 5 rooms and bath; hot 'and
cold water; brick foundation; barn and
chicken houae; abundance of flowers;
lot, 40x137; 3 blocks from car line;
$100 cash, balance $9 60 per month.
$300— Cottag-e of 4 reoms, pantry and cloteets;
Etable and chicken houses; city water;
lot. 75x108; 3 blocks from car line, on
macadamized etreets; $200 cash, bal-
ance SS 40 per montn.
IL100— Cottage of 5 rooms; hard finished; good
brick foundation; lot, 45x145; terms,
$100 cash, balance ?J2 per month. "
$L250— Cottage cf 5 rooms and bath; man-
tel; hot and cold water; stable; lot.
47x101; 2 short blocks from Frultvale
Station; $200 cash, $12 60 per month.
Jl.COO— Ccttape of 4 rooms and bath; hot and
cold water; fine location; 3 blocks from
car line; lot. 117x175; this Is a bargain;
terms, $100 cash, balance $16 80 per
month.
$3.800— Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
high basement; large lot; sewer and
city water; stationary w&shtubs; flow-
ers and fruit trees; one block from
Frultvale Station; terms, $200 cash,
balance $19 per month.
$2,700 — New two-story bouse of 7 rooms and
bath; reception hall; all modern Im-
provements; gas and electrio fixtures;
one block from Fruitvale-ave. car line;
lot. 60x165; beautiful view; terms, $500
cash, balance $20 40 per month. ,
$8,600 — Beautiful residence of 12 rooms and
bath; Eteam heaters; mantel; fire-place
er.d marble washstand In each bed-
room; electric bell In each room;
stable for 4 horses and- carriages;
cement plate for washing carriages;
large comer -lot, 150x140 feet;
decorated grounds; trees and flowers In
abundance; an Ideal place for sanitar-
ium or doctor's home; reasonable
terms If desired.
TT. E. RUDELLs Fruitvale ave. and Wash-
ington st. Office hours, 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
Sundays included.
$960 — 4-ROOM cottage; lot 25x140: street mao-
adamlzed; two blocks from car; $100 cash.
balance $13 per month.
$1675— 4-room cottage; new; all modern;
lot 37:0x140, with alley; street macadamized;
(ITS cash, balance $20 per month.
$1S5O — 5-room cottage; new; all modern; lot
87:6x140. with alley; street macadamized; $250
cash balance $23 per month.
Sie50 — 6-room house: modern: lot 80x123;
fifteen minutes' walk from Frultvale station.
$250— Lot 100x300 in Fruitvale: 4 blocks from
street cars.
$2700 — 7-room house; all modern: fine neigh-
borhood; street work done; lot 40x150.
Apply ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
11B1 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland.
OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Arcy., r. 85, 916 Market et. ; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
onleei ruccessful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office.- 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 52* Bush Bt.; tel. Bush S16.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page' st ; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. ERADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chines* Employment Of-
no»: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 8188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
YOUXO lady, experienced In general office'
work and having a knowlodge of stenog-
raphy, desires to hear of a position In Hono-
lulu. Jssan or Manila; references; salary
small. Ad&ress Miss F., 2550 Mission st.
WANTED — By middle-aged New England wo-
man, situation to work in small American
family. Call or address for one week N«w
England Woman. 1113^ Howard st.
LADY of t alert wishes position as house-
keeper: full charge of family: position of
trust; unexceptional references: no trlflers.
949 Sntter st. . 0 -;- -
SITUATION wanted by woman with a child «
years olU as housekeeper In a small private
family: no objections to across the bay.
1824 Fifteenth St., rear.
WANTED — Situation by an Eastern woman to
do general housework la small family In
Oakland; Is good plain cook; wages $25
month. Call at 325 Minna et.
A WOMAN wants to assist in housework:
sleep home; $3 per week; no windows. Box
1086, CalL
BTTLISH dressmaking In ladies' and chil-
dren's clothes, $1 25 day; also renovated.
$1 25 day; references. 1237 Webster Bt.,
near Ellis. V-
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day,
washing, cleaning, any kind of housework*
neat worker. Apply 222% Elm ave., off
Franklin Bt., between Turk It. and Golden
Gate ave.; no postals wanted; expect car fare
paid. :,>.;•.-.-.
SITUATION wanted by reliable girl; epeaks
German; housework and cooking; references-
wages $25 up. Call Monday 061 Pine Et.
A GERMAN lady wants to co out to do wash-
Ing and house-cleaning. 278 Natoma st., nr.
Fourth.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman without ln-
cumbrances wishes position as housekeeper;
country. Box 1164, Call.
JsEAT, reliable woman will do general house-
Tt-crk, plain cooking; small family; small
wages. 1011 Larkln Bt. ¦
GERMAN woman wants work by the day. 341
Munich st, off Mission. — ~^
CASHIER wants position; experience and ref-
erencsc Box 1147, CalL
. ¦- - MEDICAL — Continued. ' -
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed ;- home in
confinement. 1003% Market St., opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St., nr. Jones.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero— Graduate Royal
University; 25 years' experience in midwifery;
takes ladles before and during confinement;
Infants adopted; reasonable. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy at.,nr. Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
Bpeclallst; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumrond la 6afe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store,Clay& Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINING STOCK FOR SALE.
FOR Bale or exchange — A quartz mine, strong
ledge, opened by tunnels and shaft; average
grade of ore better than 55 per ton; equipped
with 5-stamp mill, free water power, abund-
ant timber, srood boarding-house, barn and
blacksmith shop; splendid opportunity for
Individual owners or small company; price
$10,000 cash, or will exchange for Improved,
unincumbered city or suburban real estate;
full particulars to responsible purchasers.
Address Quartz Mine, care box 1077. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont Bt.
9x15 Rock crusher, "Blake" $325
Small triple discharge, 2-stamp mill 00
Small rock crusher to match. ........... 50
8 in. centrifugal pump, complete. ....... 125
20 h.-p. Hercules modern gasoline en- ¦
gine, all complete, nearly new...../: 300
25 h.-p. boiler and engine, complete.... 800
3 in. centrifugal pump 40
30 in. planer (wood) ' 100
24 In. planer and matcher 125
4 hoisting engines from 150 up
18 return tubular boilers all prices.
200 light dynamo and engine and other sizes.
Plants in their entirety bought and sold.
Photo of any machine, $1 00.
H." S. WHITE. .130 and 132 Beale st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to rent
and for Bale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co., 208 Drumm.
A— THOROUGHBRED hatching eggs and
. fowls. Ing-leslde Poultry Yards, 807 Mt. Ver-
non ave., get oft Ingelside Coursing Park.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery en-
gines, Jjollcrs, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
' etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. C52 Mls3lon.
CIGARS at less than auction prices; reliable
¦ goods; money back if not satisfactory.
KAHN & CO.. 209 Battery st., San Francisco.
PLEASURE schooner for eale; 60 feet long,
16.2 ft. beam.'. For particulars apply Cali-
fornia Yachting Club, Oakland.
A— SCHOOL books bought, sold. KING'S OLD
BOOK STORE. 15 Fourth st.; phone Red 1S03.
PIPE — % to 6 In.; screw, flange or lead Joints,
brass and Iron fittings. Thompson, 40 Main.
THE public Is warned that the old firm of
" Uncle Harris has retired from business.
214-KT. diamond; also 1-kt. diamond; both
purest white; 2 to 6 p. m. R. 21, 376 Geary.
NEW Rambler bicycle cheap. 1253 California
st., 8:30 p. m.
HAMMOCKS ;
At half price. 102 Clay st. .
ENGINES, boilers. ' lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ¦
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, ,blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St., cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (ail
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters, SE. cor. 2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
. bought. Bold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures; BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poat st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Milch cows, horses, hay, harness
and fittings for livery Btable, water pipe and
tanks; will exchange lots In seaside resort
for the same. Box 1144, Call.
A SECOND-HAND fireproof safe, inside and
outside doors, top 24x24 inches and 86 Inches
in height. Answer P.O.box 35, Martinea, Cal,
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED for cash, sailboat SO feet long, also
gasoline launch 30 feet long. Address box
1106, Call. .
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; tel. Jessie 2851.
OLD gold, sliver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
Y JTO JLOJLS. nrv ~
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates......
LOANS MADE
.......On first and second mortgages.......
Life Interests in estates
Property being held In trust
.......Undivided interests In real estate......
Estates in probate — Legacies. .,..._
Assignment of rents. .....^.....
Life lnsuranco .policies............
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-602 Examiner building
A — R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery «t., room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. ¦
On third mortgages. . '
On undivided interests In real estate. ' •• ,
On estates in probate.
On legacies. '¦
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main B516.
R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery St., room 8.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN. !
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY,
Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery st..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private . place to obtain
liberal advances on - diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, - 840
Market Bt.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
-
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 36 Geary St., room 36.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
• : people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ;money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. -.strictly confidential. Tel. Black B263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake, 453 Parrott big.
LO.4sNS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates 'on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
- tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st or
2d mtgs.,und'vd. interests, estates in probate,
life Ins. policies, etc. Harper. 480 Parrott bd.
PRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
•TO loan— $5000 to $10,000 on real estafe. Box
1079, Call. ¦ - ¦
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private, E.W.LICK.116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note" without
. lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
.EMPLOYMEXT WAXTED--FKMALB.
GIRL wishes position as general housework.
Apply at 11 Garden ave., off Devlsadero St.,
bet. Post and Geary. ¦ •
RELIABLE, trustworthy woman wishes a
place as housekeeper, or will go to the coun-
try to cook for men. Call 162 South Park.
YOUNG lady wishes pupils in art of making
paper flowers.- Apply 2S Seventh Bt. ¦-¦..•?
WOMAN wants house cleaning oV the day;
$125. 350814 Blxteenth st.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper by a
widow; good manager, sewer and cook; city
or country. Box 1115. Call. . ~\
A DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments to go out by -day or take work home.
232 Hyde st.
PLAIN sewing done very neatly; children's
clothes a specialty; prices very reasonable.
Call or address MRS. KARSTADT, 4OJ3
Eighteenth st., near Castro.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.; near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to 51 50 per night; $1 60
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and cubicrlptlons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister Bt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
EMPLOY3IENT WANTED — MALE.
; MAN 89 years old, 10 years In present position
as private secretary, accountant and sten-
ographer; will voluntarily give up present po-
sition; has legal education and considerable
experience. In land titles and conveyancing,
banking and general business affairs; desires
to engage with reputable corporation any-
where in California; high testimonials from
present employers. Address box 1082, Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and florist desires Mt-
vatlon; Is thoroughly experienced and relia-
ble; with best recommendations from royal
court gardens of Germany, from New York
estates, and twelve years In California, of
¦which nine years in last situation. Address
box 1173, Cail office.
INTELLIGENT young man, neat appearance
and good address, wishes employment, chore-
man, office man or anything you may have;
wages not so much an object. Box 1075. Call.
SOBER young man wishes situation as chore-
man about private place; can milk, care
for horses and do inside work; have refer-
ences. Box 1074. Call ofnoe. , ; . ¦
YOUNG man wishes situation as attendant to
en Invalid; experienced and have first-class
references. Box 1154, Call office.
STEADY, reliable man wishes situation as
coachman and gardener; city or country; can
milk; best of references. Box 1155, Call.
STRONG, willing young man, good appearance,
wishes general work; «good hand around
horses; references If required; is first-class
stenographer. Box 1157, CalL
TO TAKE charge of private place; can fur-
nish bonds or references. Address G. A. AL-
LEN. 447 Valencia Bt.
MAN and wife would Jlke situations on ranch;
wife good cook; mail handy about work. Box
1146, CalL
SITUATION wanted' by young man, hustler
with ability, wishes employment; business
arid office experience. Box 1145, Call.
BY RELIABLE, active, elderly 4 man on private
place, city or country; good horseman;' at-
tend to garden and useful; references. Box
1076. Call. * ?
.SITUATION wanted by young man SO; thor-
'. oupbly understands taking care of dynamos,
steam pumps, etc.; also general repair work
in engine room; Al references. Box' 1167,'
Call office.
SOBER elderly man wants work In private
place, gardening; good all around man; hanSy
with tools; references; wages moderate. A.
W., Call office, Oajfland.
A FIRST-CLASS all-round laundry man would
like permanent position In institution or
laundry. Box 1170. Call.
YOUNG man, as painter, day or Job; reason-
able. Address DAY, 707 Minna st. , / £
PROFESSIONAL nurse will care for sick. In-
valid or old gentleman. Address S. 2S Sixth.
COOK wants place; good meat and pastry cook;
sober. Address W. A. JONES. Frultvala P. O.
WANTED by a practical pickle, catsup, sauce
and condiment processer; Eastern and Call-
fornlan experience; all-round man; can make
his own steam; good references; city or
country. Address W. H., 1729 Eddy at.
EDUCATED, experienced, temperate' man
wants position In country as coachman or
handy, useful man about place. -Call or ad-
dress J. WILL, 712 Fourteenth Bt.
JAPANESE schoolboy wants situation In good
family; speaks fine English and German; can.
cock and do any kind of work. C. B., 12
Eellna place, off California st., near Dupont.
GOOD sober man, capable of handling gang -of
men, Vlshes situation on a ranch. Address
234 Montgomery st., care Roche & Bryan.
YOUNG German with experience desires posi-
tion, in a grocery store. C. P., 201 Montgom-
ery ave.
WANTED — Position as cook by a competent
man; good references; country preferred. Ad-
dress box 4S89, Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Position as bartender, by a compe-
tent man; country preferred. Address box
4SSS, Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED wholesale merchandise broker
desires position, office, traveling or salesman.
Address box 1117, Call office.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has .been established at 109S
« Valencia st. '
HORSES AMD WAGONS;
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth Bt. ; also buggies, wagons har-
ness etc; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — Camping outfit; comfortable, home-
like house- wagon; also covered camping
wagon, tent 12x14, two horses, harness, eto.
At SS Bluxome Et.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third Bt. ¦,. .* :
FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William Bt.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET. 721 Howard.
FINE driving mare, 7 years old; double or sin-
gle. 623 Grove st.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE— Fine village cart, horse and har-
ness. Apply Monday. 1414 Pine st.
LIGHT top wagon for sale; suitable for camp-
Ing. S.W. cor. Fell and Devlsadero sts.
LIGHT delivery wagon; business buggy; also
top buggy. 1370 Tuik st.
Lsrgest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey,harness,work,drivlng horses. 15th&Valencla*
AN Al express' wagon, single; also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. A32 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. TL UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
CALIFORNIA ave., 85 — 9 rooms, 2 baths. Key
8323 Mission Bt. '•¦¦.¦./-
.
HOWARD, 2305 — Bay-window house, 8 rooms
and bath; yard and large basement. . , ¦-;:
TO /LET — House, 4 rooms, bath. IT Ger-
manla ave. Mr---'.
HOUSES TO LET~FPRyiSHEp.
RARE chance for right party; elegantly fur-
nished new sunny bouse, 6 rooms and bath;
large garden; must be Been to be appreciat-
ed; rent $30. Apply F. B. SURRTHNE, 138
Montgomery st. \--,
FOR rent — Elegantly furnished modern house
and barn; 6 rooms; large basement and yard;
piano and phone; In beautiful neighborhood;
near a park; six months or longer, adults
only; reasonable. Box 1073, CalL
TO lease for year or longer, 10-rm. house, cor.
Green & FlUmore. Apply bet. 1 & 3 p. m.
; Mrs. H. B. Markey. Nordhoff Hotel, 939 Bush.
FAIR OAKS. 14 — 7-roomed house; large gar-
den; chickens; July and August; $35. .
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — In Callstoga, furnished 6 or 7 room
house. July 5 to August 6; with stable pre-
ferred; Calistoga and Oakland references. Ad-
dress B. H. WELCH, 1379 Tenth ave., East
Oakland. ¦>
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. "
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, window
shades. HOTTER. 7lg Mission; tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of . most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O*DON-
NELL; office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. oth.
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most Important of modern principles In treat-
ing and curing female complaints: ladies, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and Bkill. absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007^ Market st.
Mrs. Dr. Wegener, formerly G. O.-ave., now 210
Eddy Bt. — Home for patients; babies adopted.
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
(Successor to Flannngan & Gallazher 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
rUNKKAL DIRECTORS AND EaiBALMKIW-
, 20 Fifth »t.. opposite Lincoln School/
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
6amuel McFadden. IS years manassr for
the United Undertakers' AssociaUonT M. J.
McErearty, with the same company for 18
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor * Co.. have opened new Funeral Par-
lor i H HP M , lssl <»» «t.. between Saventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
{* UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
««££,??* * 9 F **t»» St. Xel.South Mr 1
¦__ SPECIAL NOTICES.
ALL persons having policies in or claims
against the Pacific States Lffe Assurance
Company are requested to communicate with
E. MYRON WOLF. Insurance Commissioner,
Clunie- building. San Francisco.
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine Is what
cured people say. Address REUNER & GOU.
LET. Station A. Sacramento. Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES - AND SUPPLIES.
A, NEW drop head 5-drawer latest rmp_J5*»* *T5
sewing machine for $16 60. 149 EBtth St.,
phone Howard 3264.
ALL kinds bought, sold, nfeted, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. ?el. Green 144. 205 4th.
_^TPO^AGB^JLND JW^LREHOUSES^^
PIERCE-RODOl,P^S^orige^Movlng~Co^ of-
flce Post an£ Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN "WEST Storage: advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 041. F. W. Zehfnss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Kurnlture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fill more st. : phone Jackson 281.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN T 7PE WRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters Bold, rented, repalred-
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.,209 Sansome.
~ DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, 1902, a dividend has
been declared at the rate, of three (3) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday. July 1, 1902.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California and Montgomery sts.
— For the six months ending June 30. 1902.
dividends have been declared on deposits In
the savings department of this company as
follows: On term deposits at the rate of
8 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum.
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
day July 1 1902. Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after July 1. 1902. J.
DALZELL BRQWN. Manager.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 632 Cali-
fornia str; cor. of Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June. 1902. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
num of three and • forty-two one-hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits, and
three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1, 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society, 628
California st- — For the half year ending with
June 30, 1902, a dividend has been declared
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum
on all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Tuesday, July 1, 1902. GEORGD
TOURNY. Secretary.
MABBIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday :
Theodore von Aken, 48, Fresno, and Barbara
Scheld, 38, Fresno.
Johannes Jusslla, 39, 316% Rltch street, and
Amanda Forsbacker, 34, Berkeley.
Dean Asdell, 22, Lake View, Or., and Edith
¦ J. Harry, 22, Pasadena.
Charles O. Parker, 24, 50 Freelon street, and
Annie McKeever. 17. 120% Welsh street.
Gunnar Edholm, 31. 274 Fifth street, and
Victoria Huppert, 33. 272 Fifth street.
Arthur Robinson. 24, 311 Grant avenue, and
Kitty Levy, 23, 311 Grant avenue. :
Ernest C. Glllberts, 25, 1822 O'Farrell street,
and Emma Roth. 28, 1822 O'Farrell street.
John M. Lyons, 23. 214 Dore street, and
Lucretia G. Basslngnano. 20. 305 Fremont st.
BIBTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL .
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Boitir. * %:t
ALPIN— In this city, June 15, 1902, to the wife
of William J. Alpln (formerly Tlllle Sablat-
schau), a son. . .
ANDERSON— In this city, ,Juns 16. 1902, to
the wife of A. Anderson, a daughter.
BARR— In this city, June 5, 1902, to the wife
of F. H. Barr. a son.
CHASE— In this city. June 12, 1902. to the
wife of H. R. Chose, a son.
CONNOLLY— In this city, June 17, 1902, to
the wife of Patrick Connolly, a son.
DEMPSEY— In this city, June 18. 1902, to the
wife of M. J. Dempsey, a son.
McCLINTON— In this city. June SO. 1902. t*
the wife of Myron G. McCllnton. a son.
PEYSER— In this city. May 25, 1902, to the
wife of H. Peyser, a daughter.
REBHOLTZ— In this city, June 9, 1902, to the
wife of G. J. Rebholtz, a daughter.
REHORE— In Oakland. June 19. 1902, to the
wife of Earnest Rehore, a son.
SCOTT— In this city, June 16, 1902, to the wife
of F. W> Scott, a daughter.
YOUNG — In Alameda, Cal., June IT, to the
' wife of C. F. Young, a daughter. ~-
MARRIED. f
CARLIN— McDERMOTT— In this 'city, June
1«, 1902, by the Rev. Joseph Av MoAulIffe,
William J. Carlln and Mary B*. McDermott.
DONAHUE— IREDALE— In this city, June
16. 1902, by H. L. Joachlmsen, Justice of the
Peace, John P. Donahue and Alice Lester
Iredale. : . ¦ - .* - : . ,
FRENCH— BARNEY— In this city. June 21.
1002, by the Rev. Dr. John. A.. B. Wilson.
Sherman French and Grace Barney, both of
Watsonville. »
FRIEDMAN — MEYERS — In this city. June 15.
1902. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Alexander
Friedman of Oakland and, Lydla H. Meyers
' of San Francisco. - . .
ISAACS— LANGLEY— In this city, "June 15.
1902. by the Rev. M. 8. Levy, Louts R.
Isaacs and Cecelia F. Langley, both of San
Francisco.
JESSILA— FORSBACA— In this city, June 21.
1902, by the Rev. Dr. John A. A Wilson!
Johannes Jessila and Amanda Forsbaca, both
of San Francisco. .
LEVY— LAVIN— In this city, June 8. 1902.
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Mark E. Levy and
Pearl Lavln. both of San Francisco
LINDNER— LONDON— In this city, iune 15.
1002. by the Rev. M. S.- Levy, Herman Lind-
' ner and Leonose London, both of San Fran-
cisco. •
' - DIED.
Adams, Charlea . Hawley.'' Daniel S .
Aronson, George- Kanltz. Anna
Augst. Joseph - Klndergan, Wm. H. '
Axman, Francisca Lavln, James
Bolts. John F. . . .. Llllenfeld. Rose
Boucher, Charles Luse.- Henry H. • - b •' •>
Brown. Mary McKnlght** Mary J
.Butler. Mary '(Birdie) Maloney. Ellen '
Chisholm. Stein • Mesple. Ansellne • .'
Edds. Joseph L. 'Muck,- Peter * "
Eppler (Infant) Petty. Alexander L. '"
Faulkner,. George .D. Pita. John
Feely, Onney Sanderson. Mr.*. C. %
Field. Josephine Sawyer. Ebenezer JX~~
Furst. Eva . Sweeney. Francis R,
Gaddy, Lohlah Sylvia. Gertrude
Gerdau. August J. Treanton. Marian X
Gordon, Gwynn Wetmore, Waltle J.
Harlow, Catherine Young (Infant)
Hartwell, Louisa M.'
ADAMS— In this city, June 21. 1902, Charles
- Adams (born Leukens), . beloved brother of
Mrs.. Annie Cademartorl. a native of Heli-
goland, aged 82 years. .
ARONSON— In this city. June 21. 1902.
George husband of the late Kate Aronson!
and beloved father of Philip N. Aronson.
Mrs. J. S. Oppenheim and the lata Mrs. B*
Zekind, a native of Germany. (Sacramento
and Los Angeles papers please copy) •
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited -to attend the funeraT services
to-morrow (Monday), at the Synagogue Sher-
lth I3rael, corner Post and Taylor streets at
10 o'clock. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by special train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 12 o'clock noon. Please;
omit flowers, as none will be accepted. '
AUGST— In this city. June 21, 1902, Joseph
. Augst. dearly beloved husband of Magdalena
Augst. a native of Walk. Alsace. aVed 33
years 6 months and. 11 days. A member of
St. Paulus' Unterstutzungs Vereln.
AXMAN— In this city, June 21, 1902 Fran-
cisca, beloved wife. of Anton Axman. and
mother of the late Anton Axman Jr and
John and Rudolph Axman. a native of* Aus
tria, aged 73 years & months and 20 days.
BOLTS— In Tuolumne, June 20, 1902, John F
Bolts, dearly beloved husband of Sarah A*
Bolts, and beloved father of John F.. Martin
C, Ruth S. and tho late Richard Carroll
Bolts, a native of Germany. A member ot
San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, Hannover-
aner Vereln and Myrtle Lodge No. 49, a. O.
"(ETFrlsnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at -2 o'clock, from San Francisco
Turn Vereih Hall. 323 Turk street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Remains at the
funeral parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission
• ' street.
MYRTLE Lodge No. 42, A. O. U. W.— Broth-
ers: You are hereby ordered to attend tha
• funeral of our late brother, John F Bolts
Sunday, June 22. 1902, at 2 o'clock, from
San Francisco Turn Vereln Hall. 323 Turk
street. W. E. BOUTON. Recorder.
BOUCHER — In this city. June 21. 1902. at his
residence. 417 First street. Charles, l»elove*d
husband of the late Annie Boucher, a native
of Chatham. County of Kent, England. In
the 84th year of his age. Forty-niner.
Cyinterment Monday. June 23. Mountain
View Cemetery. Oakland, by 1 o'clock creek
boat.
BROWN— In this city. June 21. 1902, Mary,
dearly beloved wife of Walter Brown and
beloved niece of Mrs. Katie Ryan and Mr?~
Mary Redmond, a native of tha parish «
Cahlrclveen, County Kerry, Ireland, aged 33
years 4 months and 22 days.
BUTLER — In this city, June SS> IOCS, Mary
(Birdie), beloved wife ot jSSrry J. Butler,
mother of Clare and Barry Butler, and sister
of Kate Cassldv «nd Thomas Oardner, a na-
tive of m-nr York, aged 27 years and 2
SWBuXk
jyf 'riends are respectfully Invited to at-
tsnd the funeral to-morrow (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 452 1 .4 Tenth
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, whera
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CHISHOLM— In Fort Logan. Colo.. Stein, be-
loved son of W. H. Chisholm. a native of
San Francisco, aged 21 years.
EDDS — In vhis city. June 21. 1902. Joseph L.
Edds. beloved brother of Mr. Edds. late with.
Eanta Clara Dairy Company, a native of
Kentucky, aged about 30 years.
E7Remalns at Charles J. B. Metzler** un-
dertaking parlors. 638 Washington street.
EPPLER— In this city. June 21. 1902. Infant
son of John G. and Annie B. Eppler.-a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
FAULKNER— In this city, June 20, 1902.
George D., son of. the late James and Ellen
Faulkner, a native of San Francisco.
ETTuneral Sunday. Interment private.
FEELY— In this city. June 20. 1902, Onney
Feely, beloved mother of John Feely, Mrs.
M. E. Wormuth and Mrs. L. Cunningham,
and sister of Mrs. Anna Keenan and the late
Mrs. B. Casidy. James Keenan and Mrs. K.
. Boland. a native of County Sllgo. Ireland,
ased 64 years.
C^Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FIELD In East Oakland. June 20, 1902, Jo-
sephine Field (nse Daniels), beloved mother
of Frankie Josephine Field, a native of New
Hampshire, aged «2 years 2 months and 2T
days. (Keene. N. H.. and Thayer, Mo., pa-
pers please copy.)
ETInterment at Gualala. Cal.
FURST — In this city, June 21. 1902. Eva, be-
loved wife of A. W. Furst. daughter of 3.
Morgenstern, and sister of Mrs. Henry
Mayer. Mrs. Theo. Mayer. Mrs. D. L. Nel-
son and Louis Morgenstern. a native of San
Francisco, aged 43 years. V...
(CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
at 10 o'clock, from her late residence. 63
Pierce street. Interment New Salem Ceme-
tery, by 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets.
GERDAU — In Llvennore. June 20, 1902. Au-
gust J.. beloved husband of Minnie H. Ger-
dau, father of Walter J. Gerdau, and brother
of Henry J. Gerdau, & native of Germany,
aged 48 years 7 months and 15 days^'
K7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday).* at 1 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 2014 Howard street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
GADDY— In this city, June 21, 1902. Lohlah.
dearly beloved daughter of Will E. and
Georgle Gaddy. and sister of Frances Gaddy
and twin sister of Odgen Gaddy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 5 months and 23 days.
GORDON— In this city, June 18, 1902. Gwyna
Gordon, a native of Medford. Or., aged 17
years. •
C^Frfenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of James McGinn A Co.. 214
Eddy street. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.
HARLOW— In this city. June 21. 1902. Cath-
erine V., wtfe of Myron W. Harlow. *> na-
tive of Philadelphia. Pa., aged 43 years.
HARTWELL — In North Berkeley. June 21.
1902, at the residence of her daughter, 1411
Arch street. Louisa M. Hartwell, beloved
mother of Mrs. Sherman Powell of Loa An-
geles. Mrs. C. J. Sullivan of New York City
and Mrs. Franklin Bowering of Berkeley, a
native of New York, aged 69 years 6 months
and IS days.
HAWLEY — In this city. June 21. 1902. Daniel
Sattley, beloved husband of Elizabeth D.
Hawley, and father of R. S. Hawley, Mrs.
Alice E. Harris. Mrs. May Dorrlngton and
Arthur G. and William I. Hawley. a natlva
-^.of Illinois, aged' 73 years 4 months and 9
days. '..'.-"
KANITZ^ — In Valdez. Alaska, June 8, 1902.
Anna, beloved wife of Otto Kanltz. and
mother of Llllle Kanitz. a native of Stettin.
Germany, aged 8S years 7 months and 4
days.
KINDERGAN — In this city. June 19. 1902.
William H., beloved son of John and Lizzie
Klndergan, and beloved brother of Joseph,
John, Annie and Margaret Klnderxan and
Mrs. W. Parfett. a native of San Francisco,
aged 16 years 3 months and 23 days. (Sono-
ma papers please copy.)
ITJ7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
' (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services at 12:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LAVIN — In this city. June 21. 1902. James
Lavln, a. native of Virginia, aged 45 years.
C7Remains at the funeral parlors si
James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street.
ULIENFELD — In this city. June 20, 1902.
Rose, dearly beloved wife of Alfred Llllen-
feld, daughter of Charles S. and the late.
"~ Hannah Fechhelmer, and sister of Minnie,
Hilda, Elsie and Benjamin Fechhelmer and
Mts. Charles E. Adler of New York.
" (£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her uncle, S. W. Levy. 1629 Broadway.
Interment Home of Peace Cemetery, by
special train leaving Third and Townsend.
streets at 10:40 o'clock.
HEBREW LADIES' SKWINO SOCIETY— The
members of this society are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our lata
president. Rose Llllenfeld. to-day (Sunday),
at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence of her
uncle. 1629 Broadway. By order
HENRIETTA NEWMAN. Secretary.
LUSE— In this city. June 20. 1902, Henry,
Heaton. beloved husband of Lydla F. Luse,
father of William A. and Bertha Luse, Mrs.
_ Emily M. Vandevort. Mrs. Mary R.. Smith,
and Mrs. Edna Luae Connolly, and grand-
father of Mrs. Rebecca Frances Luse Stump
and Mrs. Emily Luse Wrenn. a native of
Pennsylvania, aged 92 years 3 months and X
« days. (Ohio papers please copy.)
(C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-*
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 22. 1902. at 2 o'clock, from the First
Christian Church. Twelfth street, near How-
ard. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
McKNIGHT— In this city, June 20, 1802, Mary
Jane McKnlght. a native' of Scotland, aged
65 years 3 months and 17 days.
|E7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect"
fully Invited fo attend the funeral Monday,
" June 23. 1902, at 1 o'clock, from her lata
residence, 120 California avenue, thence to
the United Presbyterian ¦ Church, corner ot
Polk street and Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MALONEY (nee "VEIT) — In this city. June 18,
1902. Ellen,..beloved wife of the late Patrick
Maloney, mother of Nellie and s WlllUun Velt.
daughter of Ellen ana the late Nicholas
CLeary, and stsler of W. V: O'LearyoS
Healdsburs and .Mrs. James Monks of'Port-
¦ . land. Or..' a native » of Boston. Mass., aged
,41 years. 8 ' months "and 8 days. ¦
ET Friends, and acquaintances 'are respect--
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, • "39 IB Twenty-sixth stree"t, thence
to St. Paul's Church for services at 1 o'clock.*
Interment - Holy Cross -Cemetery.
MESPLE — An anniversary mass* -will be cele- '
¦ *rkted at the French Church on Bush street.
• Monday. June 23. at- 9 o'clock, for the repose
• . of the- soul of Ansellne MespeL Friends and
Acquaintances are respectfully Invited.'.
• MUCK— In this city, June 19, 1902 Peter
•' Muck, beloved son of Mrs.- Magdalene Muck.
. * and 'brother of Phillip Muck. Mrs. W. Arm-
"burster. Frits Muck and Mrs. M. Weiss a
V native of Alsace, aged. 31 years 11 month*
and 3 days. A member ©f Hermann^Stamm"
No: 224, X. O. R. M.. and Beer Bottlers'
Union. .* ,
• T i_F rF T 1 ' nd ! * nd *c«iuaintancea are respeSt-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-dar
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
- h > t ", m ? th . er '^ 813 Fr^clsco street, thence to
Red Men's- Hall. 510 Bush street. *where*"fu-
•neral services will bo held at 1:45 o'clock,
under, the auspice* of -Hermann Stainm No
" -224, L O. R. M. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. v .-- : -: ¦' ¦
PETTY — In Reno. Nev.. June 13, 19«2. Alex.'
ander L. Petty.' beloved husband of Katie SL
Petty, and father- of Marie and the lati
George Petty. & native of San Francisco.
PITA— In this city. June 20. 1902. John Pita,Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTF — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
', STEAMSHIP ~Z.E A L."a NDIA,
¦ WHICH WILL RELIEVE THE
ALAMEDA FOR ONE TRIP.
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE — In ,the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as. to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted f rcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low wators. ,
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Zealandia Sails To-Morrow.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zealandla,
In Tow of Chehalis.
The barkentlne Willie R. Hume left Redon
do Friday night' for San Francisco In tow of
the steamship Chehalls. • ¦
The tramp^steamshlp Arab will make one'tnp
to Nanaimo for coal before ' going ito ¦¦ Port
Blakeley to load lumber under her new char
ter. • ¦ , . , ; • ¦ • . -- . .
Will Carry Coal.
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% * £ Pac L Co. . . -^ 60
Eat G L-Co. ' 3 -• — ' Sac E G&R. 89 —
Mutual EL, 4 — SFG&E. 43% 44
O G L & H 61% 62 £ F G L Co. 6?2 6%
Pac G Imp. 37 39 istkn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd. — — I"
BANKS.
Am B & T.112% — First Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal ..88 00 L P & A.... 168^170
Bank oi Cal.445 465 Mer' Ex (llq) 26 —
Cal Safe Dp. 125 — S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — .-Sav & .Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.34T> 390
Mutual Sav. 80 — . Unlpn Trst.1830 —
S F £av U..530 — - ,
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170.," — JMarket ..... 99%101
Geary ....... — — • iPresldio .... 89 —
. POWDER.
Giant ...... 60% 70 /Vlgorlt ..... 3tf 8%
-. . SUGAR.
Hana .....t". 3% * Kilauea. •. ... — 10
Hawaiian .. — " 40!. Makawell ... 23 ' — "
Honokaa- ... WWII* Onomea .... 23% 24*4
Uutchirison *12i£ — Paauhau ... 11% 13
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l57%158%.Pac A F A. 2% — '
Cal Fruit As 9Gi£100 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As A3 % 100 Yt, Par Paint ..25 — •
Oceanic* S Co — 25
• * Morning Session. _
Board — •.
8 Alaska Packers' Assn, b IB 158 25
i -10 Alaska Packers' Assn ..158 00
25 Hutchlnson S P Co... 12 87%
' 30 8 F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
100-S F Gaslight ; .; 5 37%
' 200 S F Gaslight, cash 5 37%
15 S V Water ; 89 50
¦"»- PRODUCERS" OIL EXCHANGE.*
" ••" .*. . " Morning Session.
¦¦' Board-^ '-
10 Kem River ........,/. 7 00
•500 Lion ..../ ~. 05
850 Reed -Crude " 31
MINING STOCKS. • :
•Following were the Bales In the San Fran
•dscd Stock and Exchange .board yesterday:'
' - Morning Session. '
600 3est & Belch, 11 100 Mexican ..... 41
ftOO Challenge ... 15 400 Ophlr .......110
200 Chollar f-8. 000. Overman ; I ... 30
500 Crown Point. 03 100 Sierra Nev .. 13
300 Gould & Cur 05 200 Unl6n ;. 17
600 Justice 07 .
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia ... SO 200 Overman .... 30
200 Challenge Con 15 200 Seg Belcher.. 06
100 C C & Va.l 32% 1000 Seg Belcher.. 05
200 Hale & Nor. 40 100 fJnton Con ...M7
100 Ophlr 112%) 200 Yellow Jacket 14
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, June 21—12 m.
Bid. Ask. , .! • Bid. Ask.
Alpha — 03 Imperial ..... — . 01
Alta 05 07J Justice ..07 08
Andes 05 07 Mexican ..... 40 41
Belcher 11 12 Occidental ..V 17 18
Best & Belch. 11 12 Ophir ....1 10 1 15
Bullion ...... 02 03 Overman .... SO 31
Caledonia 79 82jPotosl 18 20
Challenge .... 14 I5,Kentuck ../i. 01 02
Chollar ...... 07 OS, Savage ...... 07 08
Confluence ... 56 58, Seg Belcher.. 05 07
Con C & Va.l 30 1 35 j Sierra Nev... 12 13
Crown Point. 03 Ot Silver Hill .. 48 49
Exchequer... 01 02 Union ... .... •' 16 17
Gould & Cur. 06 07 Utah ........ 06 07
Hale & Nor. 40 43 Yellow Jacket 14 15
Julia — W
Captain T. W. Garllck of the steamship Hy
ades will go East shortly to bring out the new
steamship Tremont. The Tremont has a regis
ter of 17,600 tons and will be, ready to leave
Boston next month.
Will Bring Out Tremont.
A new. tug' for the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany was launched at 10, o'clock last jilght at
the shipyard of W. A. Boole & Son. The boat
was christened by Miss. Blum, who named It
after the Valley Road president, A. H. Payson.
Santa Fe Tug- Launched.
The army transport Hancock docked yester
day afternoon at Folsom-street ' wharf. * She
would have left her anchorage off Angel Island
early In the morning but for the breaking down
of her 'windlass, which prevented the raising of
the anchor. When the Hancock arrived Friday
evening" the army steamer General McDowell
went alongside with Major Rafferty, the depart
ment sanitary Inspector, on board. No sooner
was the army boat made fast than the sol
dier passengers on the transport commenced
passing cigars to a quartermaster on the j Mc-
Dowell. ' Customs- Inspector Montell discovered
the open door, seized one bundle containing a.
hundred cigars and ordered, the McDowell's
lines cast oil. ...
Hancock Bocks.
When the British ship Monkbarns arrived on
Friday she had on board United States Cus
toms Inspector Sprague, who had Joined her off
the Farallones. Sprague has been specially de
tailed to try to catch some of the more enter
prising boatmen • whose zeal for business'- Is
Interfered with by the United States quaran
tine regulations and who have been ( in the
habit of boarding foreign ships outside - the
heads. Sprague has been on the Farallones
two weeks. The Monkbarns was the first ves
sel he board. When about seven miles
out one of Crowley's launches ¦ came alongside.
Captain McNeeley of the Monkbarns Is not
famous for his cordiality and fortunately for
the boatman he made no effort to board > the
limejulcer, and Sprague' s detective stunt yield
ed no harvest. Surveyor Spear says he wants
to catch a nice, fresh boatman. There is a
law to fit the case and he thinks the effect of
securing even one conviction would do much to
make all boatmen respect the law. Inspectors
will be stationed on the Farallones at Intervals
throughout the summer.
Watching the Boatmen.
A number of sailors deserted the British ship
Monkbarns on Friday, soon after she dropped
anchor. The men give the ship a hard name.
Sailors' stories may usually be taken with a
grain or two of salt, but the words j of the
mate soon after the ship anchored would
seem to bear out the men's complaint that
their desertion was far from being objection
able to the ship's officers. The mate watched
the men go over the Bide, saw the boarding
masters help them take out, their clothes bags
and chests. He smiled and turning to a Call
representative who was on board said: "They
tell me we got here Just In time; that after one
or two ships get their crews no more men will
be wanted, ' and we couldn't have got rid of
those fellows at all."
Monkbarn's Sailors Desert.
THE Occidental and Oriental
Steamship Company's liner Gaelic
Balled yesterday for the Orient
with 8400 tons of cargro and about
a score of cabin passengers. The
cargo Included 800 tons of flour,
shipments of which to the Orient have
been rare since the tramp Arab loaded up
the Chinese and Japanese markets.
Among the cabin passengers was E. W.
-Tilden, agent for tho the O. and O. and
Pacific Mall Companies at Kobe. He has
been visiting: In the States for several
weeks and was accompanied by his wife
and child. J. V. Knights, proprietor of
the Orlente Hotel at Manila, was also a
passenger. .. : ¦
Eight Chines© were deported on the
Gaelic and there were fifty-eight Chinese
passengers. Of the latter one woman ar
rived just before the steamship hauled
away. She had been taken from a life of
slavery by a Chinese whotnarrled her and
who accompanied her home on the Gaplic.
About 300 Chinese women surrounded the
gang plank, in anticipation, it is said, of
a .scene. Nothing happened and the al
mond-eyed bride toddled up ' the gang
plank amid a chorus of sympathetic
grunts.
The Gaelic carried treasure valued at
$175,000. . ¦ •
The passenger list was as follows:
For Yokohama — Miss Juliette G. Broghan,
Miss Charlotte Enid Draper, T. W. Furlong,
Victor Marsh, F. M. Tegner, Mrs. F. M. Teg
nen . -
Kobe— Miss J. M. Chrlstensen, E. W. Tilden,
Mrs. E. W. Tilden. child- and amah.
Shanghai— William G. Frizell.
Hongkong — A. H. Bottenhelm, Mrs. A. H.
Bottenheim and two children, Miss R. Botten
helm, Dr. ¦ Herman Bryan, J. V. Knights, Mrs.
J. V. Knights. Miss Ida M. Remmele.
From Honolulu — W. G. Kost. ¦ .
¦ « ¦ » I, ¦ , ¦ ;
Builders' Contracts.
Clans Epreckels (owner) with J. P. Fraser
(contractor), architect Nathaniel Blaisdell —
Paintings, etc., for a Bix-etery and basement
brick building on S line of Bush street, 1S7 :6
E of Kearey, E 68:9. S 137:6. W 34:4%, N
25. W 34:4%, N 112:6; total. $2255. . .
Henry Munster (owner) with Henry London
(contractor), architect M. J. Welsh — All -work
for a one-story frame building ¦with concrete
foundation on S »llne of Bush street, 187 :0 W
cf Laguna. W 27:6 by S 137:6: total. $2500.
John Thompson (owner) with Heger & Keller
(contractor^, architect Victor de Bosse — Plumb
ing and gas fitting for a three-story frame and
basement building on W line of Octavia street,
125 S of Golden Gate avenue, 50x107:6; total,
$2400. " - ¦ • ¦
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued Fron\ Tage TMrty-Tlve.
Emma L. Taylor (wife of C. B.) to Frances
Eahn, lot on SE corner of Franklin and Delger
<or Twentieth* street*. S 45.50. E 94.50 N,
€1.44, W &5. Oakland; $10.
A. J. and Sophie M. Enyder *«wife) to M.
Rlnehart. lot on S line of Thirty-second Btreet.
£10 E of Grove. E 40 by S 140, E 40 feet o/ lot
17, in block 2OJ6, map of Rowland Tract, Oak
land; $10.
Frank M. Davis tsingrle) to W. J. Miles, E
83:4 feet of lot 3, block A. map of Paradise
Park, town of 'Berkeley arid City of Oakland,
eabject to mortgage "for $1400. -Oakland; $10.
L. G. Harrier to Jessie V: Harrier, lot on SB"
line of Gilbert street," 200 of John, : NE lOu
by SE 100; potjlon of plot C r - map of Tompklns
Terrace. TOakland; also lot 30. block 2093. map
of Alden Tract. Oakland: also lot 10, block F,
map -of CUnton Mound Tract. Eai«t Oak
land : also lot 3. block 3, map -of East Oakland
Heigtus, East Oakland; $10. ."
Adolph and. TSertha iiebrecht to.J." S. Myers
(single) lot IV, "block D, . map of. Peralta
Height*. East Oakland; $10-. . ...'•:.
• Gustave Williams,' John -W. van Bergen,
B. D. Phillips and Theodore Gler (tiy. H. F.
Patters^i, co'mm'8Eioner> to John W. Van Ber
geri Jot 'on SE line of Twehty-thh-4 avenue, 60
JCB- of. East Twelfth etreet, NE 23 by 6H- 100,
'portion of lots 4. to 7, blotk l.*map of resub
rfivislpn'pr blocks *I and 3 of Kennedy Tract,
Eart Oakland: $2C»42. ... ..-•.' '•
¦ Cecil T. Wajker (single) -«to Union Savings
Bank (c/yporation), - lot- on -N line of Bffie
fetreeC 2Q4) .«W- of • Dwindle. W r80 by N.. 132:6.
lots 10 and 17, i block 0, map- of Case. Tract v
B*rkeK-y> $10. ' . ....
• M. J. Stamper (single) to Herman Romig.-lot
on N W corner of Delaware and Seventh street*,
¦W.R0 by N 100, lot 14, block' 65. man of Tract'
B, Berkeley .Land and -Town Improvement-As<
eockitiun. Berkeley: $10. . ' -
Etta Harmon Edwards to Mary B. Gilpln
/wife Z.'.T.) and Hattie B. .Owen (wife of E.
W.). lots 12, 13, IS and 17, map of, property of
Harmon estate, Oakland; deed < and agreerrtenr;
flO. ¦-.*¦¦
J H. end Agnes A. Simpson (wife* to H. L.
Hunter.t lot on 2i • line of - Brockhurst street,.
187:*W E qfyVeet, E 30 by N 101, blotk F.map
of remaining property ot Central Land Com*
pany In block* F and G. Oakland; $10.: %
Mary E. Dewine (widow) to ' William r Me»
Wrland. lot on E' Hne of Vallejo street. 120
X <jf Fifty-fifth, E 100 by N 25; lot 9. block
, 6. revised map of San Pablo avenue Villa
Tract. Oakland; $10. - . ~ r ' '
Julia E. Towne (widow) to Frank' W. Pyh
chon. lot en S line of Mariposa street 408.84 2-3
E of Grove E 33:4 by S 133.95, belng-E 33:4
of lot 15. block 4, Map McKee Tract, in ,plat
4(5. Rancho V. and D. Peralta, « being a re- '
fiubdlvision of portion Paradise Park, Oakland j
$10. -
Mary Elizabeth I-L. Robertson to Isabel J.
Rot«rtficn, lot on N line of Atlantic etreet.
'J55:7'4 W of Pine, W 25 by N 100:7Vi. lot
29, block 39, Tract 40C, map said tract. Oak-"
land; $10.
Joseph M., Jessie T. and 'W. O'B. Macdon
ough. John G. and Agnes M. Agar (Macdon
ough) (and es trustees under will of Joseph
Macdonough. deceased) to Harriet N. Clark
(«in«?le). lot on W line of Grove street, 40 N
of Thirtieth, V 40 by W J15. lot 2, block 2034,
Official Map City of Oakland, Oakland; $10. -
George A. Douglass (single) to James A.
Thomson lot oh SW line of East Twenty
eecend etreet, 118:10 NW of Twenty-fourth
evenue NW 25 by SW 75, block G. map sub
division Fifty Associates' Tract; also right of
•way over strip 10 fret wide adjoining property
on W, Ea*t Oakland; $10.
Marion A. (or Maria A.) Henrlkson (widow)
to Gustav Henry Hlmberg. rerecord 838 D. 183,
lot on W line of Ninth etreet, 22^.63 S of
Channing way, 6 00 by W 130, lots. 10 and 11.
block 136. Corrected Map Avery Tract, Berke-
C^Faac L. end Ella J. Baxton (wife) to Lyle
Bird Van der Grift, lot on SW line of Pres
cott etreet (or county road) (survey 2572),
117 90 W of Prospect avenue (or county road)
(survey 2CS0), N 35.84, SW 147.20, SE 35, E
139.51, iot 10, block F, Map Daly Tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10. •
Ira and Evelyn Grace Sanford, Clara E.
Lewie, Irvlns C. Lewis (and as her attorney)
to Andrea. Perata, lot on £E line of Buena
Alameda County.
Charlotte Lacy (widow) to John and Hannah
Walsh, lot on S line of Prospect place, 470:9
W of Columbia street. W €0 by S 150. lots 32
to 35. subdivisions of Preclta Valley lots 182
to 193; $10
Star.ford Addition Ltnd Company to Sarah
D. Hamlin. lot on-SW corner of Thirtieth
street and Stanford Heights avenue, S 51:6 by
W 105. lots 1 and 2. block 83, Stanford Heights:
110.
Hattie A. HaEkell to J. T. Ayer, lot 5,
block 5. Syndicate First Additioa to San Fran
cisco; %2V>.
Jaroes and Barbara Dundas to William Nlcol
Company (corporation), lot on E line. of Thir
teenth avenue, 175 X of M street. N 50 by E
120; $10.
Joseph Sullivan to Annie Beatty (widow), jot
en SW line of Fourth avenue, 200 NW of N
etreet. NW 60 by SW 200, lot 36. block S3,
tide lands: also lot on S line of Ninth avenue.
200 W of M street, W 100 by S 100, South. San
Francisco; rift.
JJatilda Blair to George Blair, rerecord 1943
D. JO. lot on E line of Chatham place, 90 N of
BuFh street, X 23:9 by E 60; gift.
Antoine and Grace Borel to George B. Pep
per lot on W line of Eleventh avenue, 175 S
of Lake street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Esther and Charles Miller to William J.
Axelrod, lot on E line of Treat avenue, 25 S of
Twenty-fj-st, S 23:4 by E 85; $10. _.
William and C. T. Nlcol to James and Bar
bara Dundas lot on N line of Seventeenth
etreet. 220 W of Xoe, W 20 by N 130; $10.
William Brothers (single) to Oscar Heyman,
lot on N line of Day street, 205 B of Castro,
r 25 by N 114; $10.
Frederick McGregor to E. B. Gould, lot on
NE line of Juniper street. 862:6 SE of Fol
eorn, SE 25 by XE SO; also lot on E line of
Rhode Island street, GO M of Twenty-fifth, N
BO by E 100; $10.
. Patrick C. and Mary Casey to Enno Nese
mann, lot on SW corner Thirteenth and Mission
streets. S 32 by W TO; $10.
Clinton H. Ball "to Jacob Coerper. lot on SB
corner Washington and Baker streets, S 50:4V&
by E 10(3:3; flu.
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Henry E. Botain. lot on S line of Bay
street, e&:» E of Gough, E 137:6 by S 137 :e;
also lot on S line of Bay street. 75 E of Frank.
lln, E 125:9 by S 137:6; $10.
Thomas K. and Caroline E. Noble to Alice
B. TaJbot, lot on NE corner of Sacramento and
fiteiner streets. M 28 by E 1)3:9; $10.
City and County of Saa Francisco to Charles
C. Shaudberg, let on S line of Pine street,
109 :» \V of Van Ness avenue. W 25 by S 120.
Mary F. Grant to Henry E. Bothlu, lot on
E line of Polk street, 12 N of California, N
75:::^ by E 100; $10. \
Herbert E. end Grace W. Law to same, iot
on 8s£ corner Lombard street and Van Ness
avenue, K 110:t>Vs. S 156:2^, SW to point. N
223:10; also lot on £ line ot Lombard street,
110 :&% K of Van Xees avenue. K 25, S to
point, £\V to point, N 15$ 2V4; $10.
Estate ul Leopold Kutner. by Louts and Al
fred Kutner end Oscar Harris (trustees), to
eame, undivided one-half of came; $4875. •
Amelia Kutner (widow) to Morris Reb.fi.sch,
lot on N line of ir-ost street, 18ti:S £ of Polk,
E 21 :U by N I'M; $10.
SATURDAY, JUNE 21,
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah E. Sanborn, Charles B. H., Theodore
O. and William F. Gladding (heirs of Allen I.
Gladding, deceased) to Richard Garnett, lot 2.
block K. Revised Map of Oakland Heights,
Oakland: $10..
John F. and Emma A. Stoer (wife) to George
Sterling, lot beginning at Intersection of E line
of San Pablo avenue with W ' line of Adeline
Ftreet. thence NW 225. E 141, S 270, lots 1 to
3, Map of Kimball Tract, first party reserves
n'rht in sixty days to remove improvements,
Oakland: $10. " .
Lenora Marguerite Harrison, to same, Ipts
3 to 5. block 2108 Map of Alden Tract at Tern-,
escal Oakland; $10.
George T. and Adelia S. Hawley (wife) to
Pauline Abrahamson (wife of Carl), lot* on E
corner of Franklin and Piedmont avenues. N
80. SE 100. NE 75, SE 25. SW-125, NW 125,
lets 1. 2. 11. Map of £aleb.i:ry & Campbell Re-
Fubdlvlflon of block A. Oakland Heights, Oak
land; $10.
J. F. and Nellie C. Stewart to F. B. Cook,
SW Vi of Jot 2. block L map of subdivision 50,
Associates' Tract, East Oakland; $10.
Georulanna de R. cr Georglanna de Rohan
Baronidis to Frank E. Deach, lots 11 and 39,
block 2S. Map of I. M. Wentworth's Boot and
Shoe Company's Tract, Berkeley; $10.
R. H. Von Schlick (single) to John and
Margarita Brandt (wife), lot' on NW line of
Orchard avenue, 100 SW of Sunnyslde street,
NW *40 by SW 50. lot 34, map Marlon Tract,
Brooklyn Township, quitclaim deed; $5.
Charles J. Bicelow (executrix of estate of
Clarissa J. Smiley) to Georse H. and Charles
L. Porep, all interest In lot on S line o.f Rail
road avenue. 150 W of Walnut street, W 50
by S 217:8. lot 13, block 23, map lands ad
jacent to Encinal, Alameda: $1900. ,
Stuart A. Hassey to same, same, Alameda,
quitclaim deed; $10.
Russell M. Jewett (slnele} to Mary H. Jew
ett. lot on N line of Irving street. 52:3 W-of
Lowell. W 60 by N 100. lots 48 and 49. map
plat 5 and portion plat 6, Dohr Tract, Berke
ley; ?10.
Same to same, lot 11. block B, map Moss
Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Louie F. and Lydia Monteagle to Lorenz
Louiis Stein, lot on SW corner of Vine and
Walnut streets, S 100 by W 79:7, block 6. map
reeubdi vision of block S.Antisell Tract, Berke
ley; Sio. j\: .•
John and Ada M. Hlnkel (wife) to Charles
G. Simonds. lot on NW corner of Mason and
Grove streets, N 40, W 122.4. S 40. E 122.4.
block 10. man Central Park Tract. Berkeley;
$10.
Johanna. Rudolph F., Julius A., Clara E.
and Frederick G. . Crist and Mary Weiele to
same, lot on S line of East Fourteenth street,
40.12 W of Commerce, S parallel with Cem
merce to N line of East Twelfth, E 40, N to
Intersection with S line of East Fourteenth,
W 40.12 to beginning, block B, same map,
--East Oakland, It being the Intention, to convey
a strip of land on E portion of block B so
that with etrip hereby conveyed Commerce
street shall be of uniform width of 100 feet
between East Twelfth and East Fourteenth
streets, quitclaim deed; $700. v
German Savings and Loan Society to City
of Oakland, lot described as "730 C" on map
showing lands to be taken for opening of Com
merce street •from East Twelfth to East Twen*
ty-second 'streets. East Oakland, quitclaim
deed: $50.
Adeline N. Belcher (widow) to A. F. Corn
wall, lot having frontage, on Fourth avenue, be
ing lot 6. block C (subdivision of block bounded
by- Fourth, Athol and Newton avenues and
Nineteenth street), map Peralta Heights, East
Oakland: $10.
William D. Gelette to Elizabeth R. Gelette
(wife), lot on N corner of East Twelfth street
and Third avenue, NW 50 by NE 100. block 50,
Clinton, East Oakland; gift.
Anna M. Burton (widow) to Laura Helen
Rue (wife of J. O.) lot on N line of Clement
avenue, 210 E of Willow street. B 30 by N 130.
block 15, map of lands adjacent to Enclnal,
Alameda; $10. ¦ . -
R. S. and Florence Marshel (wife) to Ellse
Van Orden (wife of Charles), lots 20 and 21,
block G, map of subdivision of blocks Eto G of
revised map of Prospect Hill tract. Brooklyn
Township; $10.
.Y?. st * avenue « 50 E of Jay street, E 50, S 106.40,
W 50. N 105.03. lots 17 and 18, block V,
map plat of part of the Fitch Tract in city
of Alameda, Alameda; $10.
Edwin W. Maslin, E. M. Derby & Co. (a
corporation) (by Howard K. James,-, commis
sioner) to Mary Elizabeth Holton, lot on S
line of San Jose avenue, 148 W of Lafayette
street, W 4» by S 150. block 14. Amended
Mup Bartlett Tract. Alameda; $3530.
George and Carrie R. Sterling (wife) to The
Realty Syndicate (corporation) lot on W line of
Hojl's street. 225 S of Yerba Buena avenue. S
ICO by W 133. subdivision of plat 6. Kellers
berger's map. Oakland; $10-
Elisabeth S. CHft (single) to Michael and
Julia McXamara, lot on S line of Taylor street,
151 :« \V ot Campbell. W 24 by S 135. block <J97,
map Casserly tract at point, Oakland; $10.
Margret (or Margaret) Wade to Emma II.
Hawley (wife of Charles E.). lot on W line o£
Spruce street. 80 S of Durant (now Eunice).
S 40 by W 134:7. being S 40 feet of lot 1.
block 10, map of property of Berkeley Villa
Association. Berkeley; $10.
James H. Campbell (single) to Isaac L, Sax
ton, lot on SE line of Grand (or Walnut) ave
nue. 100 NE of Orange street. NE 50 by SE 140,
lot 46 map of Marion tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; §10.
H. C. Morris to Christine M. Hansen, lots 1
to 3, block 20, map of Warner tract; $10.'
Charles and Marian Harklson (wife) to
Charles E. and Louisa P. Brown, beginning at
a point on S line lot 53, 145 E of Bray avenue,
E 145 to W line county road (known as survey
25S2), N 50.12, W 140.65, S 50 to beginning,
portion of lot 53, map of Bray tract, Brooklyn.
Township; $10. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
.- Times aud Heights .. of ' High and •; Low
' Waters ¦. at ; Fort ; Point, ¦ entrance to San
' ¦ . Saturday, June 21.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen,' 36 hours 'from San
Pedro. r. " • - •¦-¦"¦¦¦ • .
Stmr City i of Puebla, Jepsen, 57 houra from
Victoria^ etc -.-¦
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Time Ball..
Branch Hydrographlo Of flee, U..' S. N.. Mer
, chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal..
June 21, 1902. ; . , l "
The Time Ball, on the tower >of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1 e; at noon of the ¦ 120th meridian, or at ¦ 8
nm;,- Greenwich time..-. '
; ;J.T. McMillan,
¦ Nautical Expert, In charge.
The steamer Gaelic sailed yesterday . for
Hongkong - via Honolulu ' and j Yokohama with
an assorted merchandise cargo valued at $263,
288, manifested and destined ' as follows: For
Japan, 196,065; China, $140,613 s Manila, $3394-
East Indies, $3481; Vladivostok, $17,000; For
mosa, $1354; Slam, $1381. Among the prin
cipal- exports were the ' following:: ¦ <
U To Japan — 350 bbls flour, 662,942 lbs cotton
4380 lbs butter. 275 crts bicycles and sundries',
12 cyls ammonia, 20 cs canned' goods, 288 lba
chocolate, 57 pkg3 electrical supplies, 508 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 70 rolls leather, 5 pkga
machinery, 32 pes pipe, 62 cs rubber goods
14,074 lbs sugar, 22,205 lbs tanbark, 3579 gais
wine, 20 cs whisky, 585 bdls wire.
To China— 6775 bbls flour, 1300 lbs beans 150
lbs bread, 8 cs ehoee, 1700 lbs codfish, 2882 lbs
cheese. 3995 'lbs -coffee, 328 cs canned goods,
2229. bales cotton domestics, 1800 lbs and .150
cs dried fruit, 10 pkgs dry- goods, 32 bxs
lemons, 1023 lbs ginseng, 1968 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 5630 lbs ham, - 20 bales hay
36 cs ' liquors. 225 lbs millstuffs, 13 pkgs ma
chinery, 14 pkgs- paint, 2500 . lbs pearl barley
10,025 lbs dried shrimps,: 100 os canned salmon'
12 cs eoap, ; 1124 gals , and 2 cs wine 30 cs
champagne, ¦ 762 gals and 280 cs whisky.
To Manila— 12,000 lbs lard, 1158 lbs sulphate
of soda, 3 1 pkgs machinery, 11 pkgs electrical
supplies, 8 cs shoes. •/ ,
U To East Indies— 682 cs assorted canned goods
175 - cs canned . salmon, 44 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 248 gals wine, 1 pkg machinery .
To Vladivostok— 291 pkgs and 820 pes agri
cultural. implements. ;.. . :. -_i ...
- To 'Formosa — 40 pkgs agricultural implement*
and • hardware. :. '
To Blam — 70 pkgB groceries and provisions 36
pkgs i phonograph goods. '" ;
The Gaelic's Cargo,
The schooner Aloha was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu via Kailua and Lahaina with n
general cargo to. be landed at various Ha
waiian ports valued at (50,329. I The cargo in
cluded the following merchandise and produce:
1150 bbla flour, 804 ctls wheat, 8524 ctls barley,
28,492 lbs corn, 2370 lbs oats, 91.010 lbs bran
270,991 lbs rolled barley, 19,327 lbs middlings.
740 lbs millstufCs, 37.048 'lbs beans, 650 bales
hay, 6450 lbs lard, 425 lbs dried fruit, 863 lbs
cheese, 8460 lbs sugar, 1388 lbs ham and bacon
9474 lbs bread, 40 cs paste, 100 cs soap, 19
pkgs groceries and provisions, 204 cs canned
goodSi 100 cs canned salmon, 30 cs coal oil,
(50 cs and 75 gals whisky, c 3225 gals wine, 10
crts onions, ! 35 crts potatoes, 115 sks coal 10
coils rope, 16 pkgs machinery, 440 pkga paints
and oils,' G50 pes pipe, . 11,652 ft lumber, 8C
pigs lead, 200 bbls lime.
The bark Alden Besse was cleared yesterday
for Honolulu with a general merchandise cargo
valued at $10,278. The cargo included the fol
lowing:. 130 bbls flour, '343 ctls barley, 13,300
lbs corn, 15.391 . lbs bran, 155,975 lbs rolled
barley. C020 lbs middlings, 510 bales hay, 8044
lbs sugar, 2520 lbs lard, 7500 lbs salt, 64 ca
bread, 104' cs canned goods, 35 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 35 gals wine, 135 csks bottled
beer, 112 cs mineral water, 48 bdls paper, 49
carboys acid, 260 kegs powder, 50,000 bricks,
120 kega white lead, 24 drums carbide. '
Merchandise for Hawaiian Islands.
The steamer "Luella was cleared yesterday
for Guaymas with an assorted cargo en route
to Topolobampo, valued at $11,069, and In
cluding the following: 21,135 ft lumber, 200
railroad ties, 67 piles 238 pkgs plledriver, 24
pkgs tank material, 26 bdls and 46 bars iron,
846 pkgs tools and hardware, 150 tons coal,
8 pkgs machine oil, 6 . reels wire rope, 4 boats
and fixtures, 79 kegs nails, 10 bbls cement, 13
colls .. cordage. .
A Cargo for Mexico.
The barks C. D. Bryant and Mauna Ala will
load general merchandise here for Honolulu
and the schooner H. C. Wright, same cargo,
for. Mahukona. The schooner Fred J. ' Wood,
now at Portland, will load piles there, for
Kalochau (lump sum). ' ¦ .
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
4" • - _ 4 
which leaves at 2 o'clock to-morrow afternoon
for ' Honolulu In place of the Alameda, docked
yesterday at Pacific-street wharf. .
NAGASAKI — Arrived June . 20 — Stmr Queen
Mary, for Portland, Or, from Taku and, Han
kow. . ¦ '
Stmr Albion fRlver. Jacobs, 12 hours from
Albion.. "
Stmr .Eureka, Jessen, 29 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Tamplco, Reed. 8% daya from Kahulul.
Nor stmr Tellus, 84 hours frojn
Lady-smith. ,
Brig J D Spreckels". McNelll, 46 daya from
Guam. .
Schr Newark, Nielsen, 11 hours from Walsh
Landlnsr. > s •
Schr Mary Buhne, Dannevle-, 3 days from
Eureka.
I Schr James - A . Garfleld. McCarren. 8 days
from Pott Blakeley.
Schr Sailor Boy, Luermann, 6- days from
Grays Harbor.
Schr Edith, Edwardson, 25 days from San
Diego.
Schr Mayflower, Gudmanson, 3}£ days from
Coquille River; up river direct.
.CLEARED.
Saturday, Juno 21.
Stmr Luella, Trlbble. Guaymas and Topo
lobampo; Kansas City and Mexican and Orien
tal Ry Co.
Strar North Fork, Nelson, Eureka; The Cfcas
Nelson Co. •
Stmr Eureka, O'Brien, Seattle; Globe Navi
gation Co. • : ¦
Stmr Coos. Bay, Nopander, San Pedro; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
-Stmr" Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins &rco.
Stmr Frentlss, Aalstrom, Astoria; Geo D
Gray Co. -
Stmr Columbia. Doran. Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co. -
' Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Honolulu, Yokohama
and Hongkong; O £ O S3 Co. ~
Bark Alden Besse, Kessel. Honolulu; J D
Spreokels & Bros Co.
Schr Aloha, Fry, Kallul; Williams, Dlmond
& Co. .
SAILED. ?
¦ Saturday, June 21.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Iaqua. Gunderson. Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
¦ Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Brass.
Stmr Luella, Tribble, Guaymas. ¦ - '
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Honolulu, Yokohama
and. Hongkong. . ¦
Br stmr Klrkdale, Gibson, Vancouver.
Bark Alden Besse, Kessel, Honolulu.
Brig W G Irwln, Garthley, Vancouver.
< Whaling schr Bonanza, Smith, whaling voy
age. ¦
Schr Albion, Anderson, Coquille River.
Schr Fortuna, • Olsson, Eureka.
Schr' Ida A, Camsbell, Point Reyes.
,' SPOKEN.
June 13, lat 43 N, Ion 8 W— Fr bark Ed
ouard Detaille, from Lei th, for San Fran
cisco.
; TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Juno 21. 10 p m— Weather
thick;, wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Sailed June 20 — Stmr Farallon,
for Skazway.' "" - ¦
Arrived June '21 — Stmrs -Humboldt and Al-
Ki, from Skasway. ¦ . •-..>-
ASTORIA— Arrived June 21— Stmr Alliance,
hence June 16; stmr Fulton, hence June IT.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 21— Stmr G C
Lindauer, from Eureka; stmr Corona, hence
June 19: U S stmr Madrona; schr W J Patter
son, from Grays Harbor; schr Anita, from
Columbia ' River. •
Sailed June 21 — Stmrs Corona, Chehalls and
Alcatraz, for San Francisco; schr Ida McKay,
for Eureka; schr Eric, for Port Townsend.-
FORT BRAGG — Passed June 21, 6:30 p in —
Stmr Del Norte. from Crescent City, for San
Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Juno 21— Schr Dora
Bluhm, for Umpqua.
EUREKA — Arrived June 21 — Stmrs Marsh
flelrt and Aberdeen, hence June 19.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed June 21— Schr
Balnbrldge, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— Arrived June 21— Stmr Scotia,
hence June 20. ¦ .x? ¦
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived June 21— Stmr
Rainier, hence June 15.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived June 20— Stmr W H
Kruger, hence June 16.
REDONDO— Sailed June 20— Stmr Chehalls,
for San Francisco, with bktn Willie R Hume
in tow. for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived June 21—
Stmr Alcazar, from Redondo, and sailed for
San Francisco. . . .
NEAH BAY— Passed In June 21— Stmr Chas
Nelson, hence June 18, for Seattle.
Passed out June 21 — Schr Transit, . from
Fail haven, for San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in June 21— Br
bark Ivanhoe, for ; stmr Humboldt, from
Skagway, for Seattle; stmr Al-Ki, for 'Seattle.
. TACOMA— Arrived June 21— Stmr Bonita,
from Seattle; Br bark Ivanhoe, from Honolulu.
Sailed I June 21 — Br stmr Caithness, for
Buenos Ayres; echr W H Talbot, for Sydney. *
PORT KENYON— Arrived June 20— Stmr
Argo, hence June 10.
BOWEN3 LANDING — Arrived June 21 —
Stmr Ruth, h«nce June 20.
ISLAND PORT.
KAHULUI— In port June 1&— Ship Emily
Reed and ship Henry Vlllard.
EASTERN PORT.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 20— Stmr
Oregonian, from Kahului. -
FOREIGN PORTS.
VALPARAISO— Sailed June 20— Br stmr
Peru, for Ban Francisco. .
LISBON— Sailed June 14— Br bark Tasma
nia, for ¦ San Diego.
SHIELDS— Sailed June 19— Br- ship Angle
sey,' for San Francisco.
CALAIS — Arrived June 10 — Ship Aryan,
hence Dec 27. ¦ • ¦
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to June 20— Br bark
Adderley; from Vancouver.
SUNDERLAND— Arrived June 20— Fr bark
Duch esae Anne, hence Feb 13.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 21 — Br bark
Puritan, from " Tacoma. ¦ ¦ . ¦
KINSALE — Passed June 21 — Ger ship Reln
bek, from Astoria, for Queenstown.
VANCOUVER — Arrived June 21— Ger «tmr
Pentaur, hence June 17.
1 OCEAN STEAFERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 21— fltmr Min
neapolis, for London; stmr Trave, for Genoa?
stmr . Noordam, for Rotterdam; stmr Vader
land, for Antwerp; stmr Victoria, for Liver
pool ; stmr Hekla, for Copenhagen.
YOKOHAMA — Arrived prior - to June 21—
Stmr Coptic, from San Francisco.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 21 — Stmr Moltke,
from New York. ~.
I CHERBOURG — Sailed June 21— Stmr Colum
bia, for New York; etmr 8t Louis, for New
'York. : •
' 'ANTWERP— Sailed June 21— Stmr Zeeland,
for New York.
BREMEN— Sailed June 21— Stmr Grosser
Kurfurst, for New York. • - - .r.i
. LIVERPOOL — Sailed June 21 — Stmr Luca
nla. for New York.- • ¦ ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 21— Stmr Cel
tic,, for New York. - < "¦¦ i . ¦ .
HAVRE— Sailed June 21— Stmr La Bretagne
for New York. \ . . ¦ . .
/ LONDON — Sailed June 21 — Stmr Mlnnehaha,
for New York. ; . "
. SAGRES — Passed June 21 — Stmr Lombardla,
from New York, for Naples and Genoa.
FINITE VERBS— L. H. C, NaDa, Cal.
In grammar a finite, verb is one that is
limited by person, personal and Is strictly
yerbaL Not infinitive nor .participial. The
POSTOFFICB POSITIONS— E. W., CityT
To obtain a position as clerk or carrier
in the San Francisco postofflce you will
have to -take the civil service examina
tion. Apply at the postofflce for an ap
plication blank and preijare yourself for
the examination. ...
HOLLAND— L. t Campbell, Cal. Holland
is a name that applied to the
kingdom of the Netherlands, though in
the strictest sense it is applicable only to
the provinces of* North and South Hol
land. •• .
• . v .
DANCING SCHOOL— L. C. F.. City.
This department cannot advertise the lo
cation of the dancing academy asked
about, nor any other dancing school. You
would better consult the city directory.
AN ENGLISH PENNY-L. A. Si., St.
Helena, Cal. The copper coin of which
you sent a tracing Is one of the reign of
George. Ill of .Great Britain. . It Is not
classed as a premium coin.
CALIFORNIA— J. D. H., City. The area
of the State of California is 153,360 square
miles. The length of the coast line is
700 miles,, and the population was by the
census of 1900 1,485,053.
COACHMAN— B. H.. Stockton, Cal. A
party desiring employment as a coachman
in San Francisco and being unacquainted
should address some reputable employ
ment agency. ,
FLORENCE KELLY— E., Oakland, Cal.
The address of Florence Kelly, who has
been engaged in work in the slums, is 105
East Twenty-second street, New York
City. .
REINSURANCE— H. V. W., City. If
you wish to take risks on overdue .ves
sels you should apply to marine insurance
companies. This department cannot ad
vertise such. '
1POKER— "Carl," Gibbs. Cal. In poker,
if A calls B and B shows a better hand
than A and A tells him to take the. pot,
A must show his hanft if It is called for.
LENGTH OF RIVERS— M., City. The 1
answer published in this department in
relation to the length of rivers appeared
in the issue of the 3d of June, 1902.
VICE I PRESIDENT— H. E. M., City.
There is no Vice President of the United
States at this time.
CUBA'S DEBT— Constant Reader. City.
It is stated that the bonded debt of Cuba
is $400,000,000.
finite verb is the indicative, subjunctive
and imperative form of the verb which
takes the form and number of the sub
ject. The finite verb is a limited one.
LONG AND SHORT— Subscriber, City.
The longest day of the year is the 22d of
June and the shortest the 22d of December
of each year.
NEW YORK POLICE— J. B., City. The
two most prominent men connected with
the New York police are John N. Par
tridge, the- Commissioner, and Nathaniel
B. Thurston, the Chief.
A FORTY-NINER— W. C. S., City. A
five-dollar gold piece of 1S49 does not com
mand a premium from dealers in old
coins. Dealers, however, charge 57 50 for
such a coin of that date.
TEACHERS' CERTIFICATE— H. J. F.,
City. To obtain a teacher's certificate
such as you desire you should make appli
cation to the secretary of the Board of
Education, who will give you all the in
formation you desire . on presentation of
your credentials.
GERMAN LOCOMOTIVES— Subscriber.
City. Locomotives were first built in Ger
many in 1836, but this department has not
been able to discover the name of the
builder of the first. Possibly some reader
of this department can furnish the infor
mation to the correspondent.
OIL COMPANY— E. D. McK.. City. If
the railroad company you mention in
ycur letter of inquiry has a contract with
a certain oil company you may ascertain
the fact from either company if you can
show any good reason for wanting the
information.
CHRISTIAN— F. H. E.. Santa Barbara,
Cal. A person may be a Christian with
out being baptized. Baptism is only a
form. A Christian Is one who professes
to believe or is assumed to believe in the
Christian religion, that is, the word is
used in the broad sense.
POLL TAX-G. K., City. Persons who
are earning but $1 50 or less per day are
not exempt from payment of poll tax in
the State of California. The only exemp
tions are males under twenty-one and
over sixty years of age, paupers, idiots,
insane persons and Indiana who are not
taxed.
PLANS— B. A., City. If you engage an
architect to draw plans for a house and
he does not deliver them at the time stip
ulated, you are not bound to accept them
and not accepting them would not be held
responsible. But much depends on the
nature of the agreement between "yourself
and the architect.
CASINO-O. J. C, City. If la a nun*
of casino one party has seven points to
make to go out and the other has but two
to make and each makes that number of.
points, if it is not understood at the be
ginning of the game that the points shall
be counted as they are made, I then the
one who holds cards counts first, and in
the case cited he would win the game.
SPEAK BY THE CARD— Subscriber,
Alameda, Cal. Originally card was the
name for the mariner's compass. When
the man at" the helm was asked the
course of the vessel he looked at the com
pass, and he thus spoke by tho card.
Hence, to speak by the card meant to
speak with absolute correctness— true to
a single point.
GYPSIES— Subscriber, City. Whence
gypsies originally came is a question that,
after having passed through a long stage
of helplessly absurd speculation, has of
late years been dealt with by competent
investigators, both linguists and histo
rians, but is still only partially solved. So
much, however, seems now almost estab
lished that India the cradle of many na
tions, was the source from which they
sprang. JL.
CUTTING CARDS— M. R., Oakland, Cal.
In cutting cards in euchre or in any other
games the cutting of three or more is
"a cut," but less than, three is not. It la
not customary to "cut the pack into
three or more portions, placing the sec
ond on the first and so on," but .this
department does not know of any law of
cards that prohibits such a practice. If
a player is offered the pack to "cut" and
he refuses, the pack should be passed to
another player.
LINCOLN'S INN FIELD— Subscriber.
Oakland, Cal. Lincoln's Inn Field is a
square in the heart of London. There the
Earl of Lincoln, Henry de Lacey, erected
a mansion during the reign of Edward
I. It became an inn of court in 1310 and
waa known as Lincoln's Inn. The square
adjoining the building was laid out in
gardens by Inlgo Jones in 1620. The meas
urement of the square is 821 by 625% feet.
It was inclosed with- an iron fence in 1737.
MEETING A LADY— Bashful, San Jose.
Cal. This correspondent writes: "There Is
a young lady I have met several times
away from her home and would like to
meet her oftener than I can at such
places. Is it proper for me to ask if I
may call at her house or should I wait
until I am asked?" If the young lady,
after having met you several times, has
not asked you to call it is evident that she
does not desire your company other than
when she meets you away from, her home.
TUXEDO COATS— F. A. H., City. Of
late years the Tuxedo coat is superseding
the swallow-tail coat for full-dress func
tions, and the reason for this is that wait
ers have adopted the swallow-tail coat
while engaged in their profession. Gen
erally the Tuxedo may be worn at almost
any function, but there are a few stick
lers who insist that the other should be
worn. It would, however, be improper, so
long as swallow-tails are not tabooed, to
wear a Tuxedo in being presented to high,
dignitaries on the occasion of a social
event.
MILLIONS FOR CALIFORNIA— F..
City. In the treaty of Guadalupo Hidalgo,
ratified July 4, 1848, there was a provision
for the final cessation of hostilities of the
Mexican war and the United States
agreed to withdraw its troops from Mex
ico. The southwestern boundary of Texas
was fixed* at the Rio Grande, as the
United States Government claimed. New
Mexico and California were ceded to the
United States, for which territory it was
to pay $15,000,000 and assume the payment
of the claims of United States citizens
against Mexico amounting to $3,250,000.
"POOR AS I AM"- J. W. K., City. The
language referred to la not "Poor as I
am, the King of England is not rich
enough to buy me," but "I am not worth
purchasing, but, such as I am, the King
of Great Britain is not rich enough to buy
me." These words were spoken by Gen
eral Joseph Reed, a delegate from Penn
sylvania to the Continental Congress,
when approached by one of three British
Commissioners with an offer of $30,000 and
the most lucrative office in America it he
would use his influence to reunite the col
onies to Great Britain.
CARTOON— J. B., City. A cartoon in
art is a design of the same size as an in
tended decoration or pattern to be used
in fresco, mosaic or tapestry, and trans
ferred from the strong paper on which it
is usually drawn by cutting out tfee figure
and tracing it on the surface to be deco
rated, or in the case of a composition by
pricking the tracing and tamping with a
linen bag filled with powdered charcoal.
The term is also applied to a picture,
either a caricature or symbolical composi
tion, designed to advocate or attack some
political or other idea of present interest,
or some prominent person. The most
prominent American cartoonists .at this
time . are Opper and Davenport, and in
England May and Furniss.
TAMALES— C. G. M.. City. This cor
respondent, in a letter to this department
in referring to the definition that was re
cently given of Tamalpais, writes: "I
doubt if the Board of Geographical Names
at Washington, D. C, would indorse your
statement that said tribe of Indians were
called either 'Tamales' or, Tomales.* If.
you refer to the Pacific Coast Pilot, by
Prof. Davidson, you will find many refer
ences to Tamal Indians and Tamalpais."
If the correspondent had read the answer
carefully he would have noted that the
word "Tamales" was not used, but that
the word "Tamal" was used, and if he
knew anything about grammar he would
know that Tamales Is the plural of Tamal.
consequently it Is doubtful if the Board
of Geographical Names would not indorse
the name published. The same as to
To males, as that is the plural. It is pos
sible that in the long, long ago, Tomales
Bay wa3 named Tamales Bay, but com
mon usage has converted the name into
Tomales, and it is so published in a num
ber of the geographies. The fact that
"some of the restaurants in this city have
on their bill of fare Tamales Bay clams'*
is not authority that "Tomales" la not tha
name of the bay, - , . •
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
THE SAN FRAlSTGISGa CALL; SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Departs for the
Orient===She Takes $175,000 in Treasure.
GAELIC TAKES A LARGE CARGO,
BUT CARRI ES FEW PASSENG ERS
SUNDAY, JUNE 22.
39
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Del Norte. . . . Crescent City .*. . . Juna 2°
Mandalay. . . • Coqullle River June 22
San Juan.... Panama & "Way Ports.. June 22
Brooklyn Point Arena . . . June 23
Arcata..... .. Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 23
Chehalls..... San Pedro :.... j une 23
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 2 J
Sonoma. ..... Sydney & "Way Ports. . June 23
Argo..... Eel River Ports June 23
Acme.. Sluslaw River ....June 23
Pomona Humboldt ....'. June °4
Tltanla Nanalmo j une j»4
Corona.- Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W\ Elder. . Portland & .Astoria .... June 24
Santa Cruz... Southern Coast ...June 25
Eureka Humboldt j une 26
Queen Fuget Sound Ports June 26
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports June 26
Point Arena... Point Arena June 20
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro ; Juno 27
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 27
Arequlpa. Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Nevadan..... New York June 27
Curacao , Mexican Ports ....... Juna ">7
Rainier Whatcom . June 23
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor June °8
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
China. ....... China & Japan June 2«
North Fork.... Humboldt . . . .- June 2x
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ™ j U ne #»
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma j une 29
San Jose Panama & x Way Ports. . June 20
Pentaur...... Seattle June "9
Columbia .... Portland & Astoria June 29
Umatilla..... Puget Sound J Ports July 1
Abydos..... .. Hamburg v. W«st Coast July 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
'.. Jnne 22.
Portland & Way Pts
Huraboldt ....'.
Humboldt '
Mendocino City ....
San Diego & "Way..
Astoria & ' Portland
' ' Jnne 23.
Honolulu
Humboldt .........
Grays Harbor ¦.;...
Grays Harbor
San Pedro & Way..
Jnne 24.
Eel River Ports....
Pt. Arena & Albion.
Puget Sound Ports.
Jnne 25.
Siuslaw River
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd
Nome & St. Michael
Puget ' Sound Ports.
Coqullle River .....
Jnne 26.
Humboldt ,
San Diego- & Way.
Jnne 27. •
Astoria & Portland
Newport & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland.
• Jnne 28. •
Point Arena
Seattle ' & Tacoraa. .
China & I Japan
Panama & Way Pts
Jnne 20. .
Portland & Way Pts
Jnne 30.
Wlllapa Harbor..'..
Puget Sbund Ports.
July 1: '
Valparaiso & Way..
, Jnly 2.
Grays Harbor .....
. LB- .
Lakme
Arctic......
North Fork.
Phoenix....
Santa Rosa
Columbia..
9 am
10 am
9 am
1 pm
9 am
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
Zealandia..
Eureka. ...
San Pedro.
Chehalls...
Coos Bay..
2 pm
12 m
12 m
6 pm
9 am
Pier 7
Pier 13
PJer 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Argo. ...V. .
Albion Rvr
Tamplco...
4 pm
6 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier —
......
Acmo. • H • •
Arcata. . . .
Portland...
City Puebla
Mandalay. .
— pra
12 m
2 pm
11 am
4_pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 34
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pomona'...'.
State Calr. ,
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 11
8. Barbara.
Corona... ..
G. Elder. . .
4 pm
9 am
11 am
Pier 2
Pie* 11
Pier 24
PL Arena. .
Eureka....
H. Mara...
San Juan...
2 pm
5 pm
1 pm
12 m
Pier 2
Pier —
PMS3
PMSS
Alliance....
5 pm]
Pier le
Rival......
Queen......
4 pm
11 am
Pier '2
Pier 19
Arequjpa. ..
12 .:J
Pier 10
G. Dollar..
I 4pm|
|Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Humboldt.'. ..'
Excelsior....
City Seattle..!
Spokane.... '.
Dolphin
Senator.'...'..
Cottage City .
Roanoke .....
Oregon. ......
Centennial...
Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Cooks . Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Skagway. & Way Ports. June 23
Skagway &. Way Ports. June 28
Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
Norne .. . '..... .". . ... July 1
Skagway &¦ Way Ports. July 2
Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Nome • & ' Teller ¦ ........ July 3
Nome ' & .Teller July 5
Sur
Sur
Mo.
rises ....
sets
m , rises . .
!8:3l'
.4:48
.7:33
?. m.
Time
Ft.
!• "W-
6:20—0.2
6:55 0.0
H W
0:25 4.7
1:04 4.4
1 :55 1 4.2
8:00 J 4.0
4:22 3.7
Time)
I Time)
ITlmel
i I
H Wl
«.
L W
~6:00
6:46
H W
2:50
3:33
4:06
4:40
8:171
n.
HW
PC
22
23
1:49
2:26
L W
7:29
8:04
8:44
9:30
10:22
4.4
4.5
2.9
3.0
Ikm
4.0
7:37
8:36
9:43
10:53
11:61;
.'.".'.V
24
25
20
27
23
02
0.5
0.9
1.3
'1.81
4.6
4.7
4.9
6.0
6.1
3.1
3.2
2.9
2.5
2.0
Sur
Sur
Mo.
rises ....
sets
m , rises . .
!8:3l'
.4:48
.7:33
?. m.
Time
Ft.
!• "W-
6:20—0.2
6:55 0.0
H W
0:25 4.7
1:04 4.4
1 :55 1 4.2
8:00 J 4.0
4:22 3.7
Time)
I Time)
ITlmel
i I
H Wl
«.
L W
~6:00
6:46
H W
2:50
3:33
4:06
4:40
8:171
n.
HW
PC
22
23
1:49
2:26
L W
7:29
8:04
8:44
9:30
10:22
4.4
4.5
2.9
3.0
Ikm
4.0
7:37
8:36
9:43
10:53
11:61;
.'.".'.V
24
25
20
27
23
02
0.5
0.9
1.3
'1.81
4.6
4.7
4.9
6.0
6.1
3.1
3.2
2.9
2.5
2.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Del Norte. . . . Crescent City .*. . . Juna 2°
Mandalay. . . • Coqullle River June 22
San Juan.... Panama & "Way Ports.. June 22
Brooklyn Point Arena . . . June 23
Arcata..... .. Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 23
Chehalls..... San Pedro :.... j une 23
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 2 J
Sonoma. ..... Sydney & "Way Ports. . June 23
Argo..... Eel River Ports June 23
Acme.. Sluslaw River ....June 23
Pomona Humboldt ....'. June °4
Tltanla Nanalmo j une j»4
Corona.- Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W\ Elder. . Portland & .Astoria .... June 24
Santa Cruz... Southern Coast ...June 25
Eureka Humboldt j une 26
Queen Fuget Sound Ports June 26
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports June 26
Point Arena... Point Arena June 20
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro ; Juno 27
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 27
Arequlpa. Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Nevadan..... New York June 27
Curacao , Mexican Ports ....... Juna ">7
Rainier Whatcom . June 23
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor June °8
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
China. ....... China & Japan June 2«
North Fork.... Humboldt . . . .- June 2x
G. Dollar Grays Harbor ™ j U ne #»
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma j une 29
San Jose Panama & x Way Ports. . June 20
Pentaur...... Seattle June "9
Columbia .... Portland & Astoria June 29
Umatilla..... Puget Sound J Ports July 1
Abydos..... .. Hamburg v. W«st Coast July 2
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
'.. Jnne 22.
Portland & Way Pts
Huraboldt ....'.
Humboldt '
Mendocino City ....
San Diego & "Way..
Astoria & ' Portland
' ' Jnne 23.
Honolulu
Humboldt .........
Grays Harbor ¦.;...
Grays Harbor
San Pedro & Way..
Jnne 24.
Eel River Ports....
Pt. Arena & Albion.
Puget Sound Ports.
Jnne 25.
Siuslaw River
Coos Bay & Pt Orfd
Nome & St. Michael
Puget ' Sound Ports.
Coqullle River .....
Jnne 26.
Humboldt ,
San Diego- & Way.
Jnne 27. •
Astoria & Portland
Newport & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland.
• Jnne 28. •
Point Arena
Seattle ' & Tacoraa. .
China & I Japan
Panama & Way Pts
Jnne 20. .
Portland & Way Pts
Jnne 30.
Wlllapa Harbor..'..
Puget Sbund Ports.
July 1: '
Valparaiso & Way..
, Jnly 2.
Grays Harbor .....
. LB- .
Lakme
Arctic......
North Fork.
Phoenix....
Santa Rosa
Columbia..
9 am
10 am
9 am
1 pm
9 am
11 am
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 24
Zealandia..
Eureka. ...
San Pedro.
Chehalls...
Coos Bay..
2 pm
12 m
12 m
6 pm
9 am
Pier 7
Pier 13
PJer 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Argo. ...V. .
Albion Rvr
Tamplco...
4 pm
6 pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier —
......
Acmo. • H • •
Arcata. . . .
Portland...
City Puebla
Mandalay. .
— pra
12 m
2 pm
11 am
4_pm
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 34
Pier 10
Pier 2
Pomona'...'.
State Calr. ,
1:30 p
9 am
Pier 11
Pier 11
8. Barbara.
Corona... ..
G. Elder. . .
4 pm
9 am
11 am
Pier 2
Pie* 11
Pier 24
PL Arena. .
Eureka....
H. Mara...
San Juan...
2 pm
5 pm
1 pm
12 m
Pier 2
Pier —
PMS3
PMSS
Alliance....
5 pm]
Pier le
Rival......
Queen......
4 pm
11 am
Pier '2
Pier 19
Arequjpa. ..
12 .:J
Pier 10
G. Dollar..
I 4pm|
|Pier 2
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Humboldt.'. ..'
Excelsior....
City Seattle..!
Spokane.... '.
Dolphin
Senator.'...'..
Cottage City .
Roanoke .....
Oregon. ......
Centennial...
Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Cooks . Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Skagway. & Way Ports. June 23
Skagway &. Way Ports. June 28
Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
Norne .. . '..... .". . ... July 1
Skagway &¦ Way Ports. July 2
Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Nome • & ' Teller ¦ ........ July 3
Nome ' & .Teller July 5
[tie Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association.
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY).
Funeral rooms — 429 Golden Gate ave.: tele-
phone South 934.
Oakland office — 1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 701.
Main office at cem^ery, Point Lobos ave.,
San Francisco; telephone West S96. \
Prices of cremation — Adults over 15 years
of age. $-5; children under 15 years of age,
(15. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEK. Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec
a native of Cachaa. Island of Madeira, Por-
tugal, aged 22 years. A member of Portu-
guese Protective and Benevolent Association
lor cli. months and twenty days.
ETTnends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from Concordia
liall, 1^0 O'FarreN street. Alcazar building,
where services will be held. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. VZiS Market street, between
Eifhth und Ninth. "i
SANDERSON— In Oakland. June 2L 1902 Mrs
C. E. Sanderson, mother of W. N. Sander-
ton, Mrs. M. J. Grases, Mrs. Florence Will-
eon and Mrs. Sarah E. Collins, a native of
Georgia.
C^Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday
June :r>. at 2 o'clock, from the Fifteenth-
*treet A. M. E. Church. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
SAWYi~K— In this city. June 20. 1902. Eben-
ezer Davis Sawyer, beloved husband of La-
vinia T. Sawyer, and father -of Anna L
EJviard E. and Frank E. Sawyer and Mrs'
"William Searby. a native of New York, aged
7ti yrars. -».
(C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
at 2 o'clock, from tbs Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under th« auspices of Mount Moriah
Lodge No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment
• strictly private.
BWEENEY— In this city. June 19. 1902. Fran-
cis R. Sweeney, beloved son <tf James and
Anne Sweeney, and brother of W. P., J. \V.
R. J.. J. G. and A. E.' Sweeney and Mrs. il!
Buckley, a native of San Francisco, aced 33
years B months and 15 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(.Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3S24 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. James Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
6YLVTA— In this city, June 2L 1902. Ger-
trude, beloved daughter of Manuel and Mar-
earet Svlvia. a native of San Francisco,
a^ed 4 months.
TREANTON— In this city, June 2L 1902. Mar-
Ian I., beloved daughter of Paul and Ida
Treanton. and sister of Paul Treanton Jr.. a
native of French Gulch, Shasta County, Cal.,
aged 7 months and 25 days.
WETMORE — In this city, June 21. 1902. Waltie
Jane Wetinore. widow of James I. Wetmore,
a. native of Nova Scotia, aged 87 years.
YOUNG— In Alameda, June 17, 1902, Infant
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. C. F. Young.Calcutta is to be improved by driving
wiae, open . thoroughfares through -the
JSl u °" of the clt y. at a cost of nearly. $10,
000,O00.^i! l pftKOTWj_y»«¥SS • - -*e'-vi}~f
VISAlilA, June 21.— News reached this
city late to-night that Professor, Dudley,
noted State Entomologist"; and Botanist,
had been bitten by ai rattlesnake at Three
Rivers, a. town in the mountains,,thirty
seven miles east of Vlsalia. It is not
known whether his life is in danger.
Noted Professor Has an • Encounter
With a Snake at Three V
;¦ " ;. ' . Bivers.
ENTOMOLbGIST DUDLEY;
BITTEN BY A BATTLER.
These qualifications; are "by no means
common ' among the reigning families ] of
Europe. The best '; Princesses physically
are ', the Bourbons, but", these, of * course,
LONDON, June 21.— It has been ar
ranged . that . King Alfonso of . Spain: shall
make a tour; of; the..European ¦ capitals
next spring, mainly, for. the -purpose of
making acquaintances of Princesses eligi
ble matrimonially. The young. King's frail
physique, 1 .which : has long caused . anxiety,
makes it imperative for ..the good of his
dynasty, that he shall mate wi thla robust
Princess of sound and healthy, stock.*
ALFONSO WILL SEEK
PRINCESS FOUBBlbE
VANCOUVER, Wash.. June 21.-A tele
phone message received here at noon ¦ to
day from La • Center . ¦ said that > Convicts
Tracey and Merrill' were seen . about . 10
o'clock this. morning^on the hill east of
SEATTLE, June 21,-Chief of Pojice Sul
livan is now in possession of the photo
graph and a description of Harry C.
Wright, ¦ the • ex-convict, . believed to have
smuggled into \ the penitentiary at Salem
ther guns- with which' Tracy and: Merrill
killed' three guards .and made their es
cape. . Wright, was; discharged from, the
penitentiary on May. 20 and it is claimed
the strongest evidence ; has been obtained
to shW that it was he who assisted in
the , liberation - of the two' dangerous men.
That • Wright Is: in Southwestern Wash
ington at, the. present time is also thought
to be .true, though the authorities are ex
ceedingly, reticent as to the extent of* their
knowledge. 4 • : < '• .
Harry Wright the Coii
federat* of Tracy
and Merrill.
It is now certain the convicts have been
in the woods between Salmon Creek
bridge and . Pioneer since Monday night.
They were seen in the timber east of the
Martin place yesterday by \ a farmer, and
early this morning the carcass of a calf
was found in the sameWicinity, supposed
to have been killed by the outlaws. Part
of one hind quarter and a portion of the
hide were gone. If the outlaws attempt
to cross : Lewis River to-night anywhere
near La Center they are likely to meet
some ; of th,eir pursuers, as Sheriff Hunt
ington of ¦ Cowlitz J County, with a con
siderable force, is guarding all crossings
on^' the V north and; west; while Sheriff
Marsh: and- posse will ; follow them up if
possible on this ; side of the . river.
La Center. Sheriff Marsh. and posse with
the bloodhounds left for the scene at
once. "T;- "" ,
" There are marriageable Princesses ga
lore in the imperial house of Austria, but|
unhappily, that house is notorious for tha
number of its consumptives. The royal
house of ' Bavaria ; can show at least a
are -relatives' of Alfonso, . and his god
father, the Pope, is unalterably opposed
to any such intermarriages. In this mat
ter the Pope's views will prevail over all
others.'
half-dozen Princesses worthy in rank and
suited in religion to wed Alfonso? but
thla particular family is well known ta
be neurotic and anaemic. ¦ In view of
these and other circumstances it would
not be very surprising if. after all, A!
fonso should take a wife from some ro
bust branch of the Spanish aristocracy
But in any event his Majesty will be al
lowed a preliminary look around.
Lot and old Improvements on the east side
of Polk street, 60 feet south of Pacific avenue,
30x30. $3500; lot on the east side, of Folsom
etreet, 77:5% feet south of Thirteenth, 25x
96:10%, $2075; lot on the east side of Dolores
etreet. 150 feet north of Twenty-sixth, 50x125
feet, $1725; house of tt rooms and bath and lot
27:6x100 feet, on the south side of Sixteenth
street. 87:6 feet east of Castro, $3000; lot at
the southwest comer of Waller and . Shrader
streets, 30x108:3, $3750; , three-story frame
building of twelve rooms, on the west side of
Stone street. 117:6 feet north of Washington,
lot 20x00. $1700; two flats on the -north side of
Hayes street, 165 feet east of Fillmore, 27: Ox
137:6. $0800; lot 4 in block 1 of the • Castro
street Addition. $500; lot on the east side of Do
lores street, 125 feet north of Twenty-sixth.
25x125. $850; also in Sunset District the fol
lowing recent sales: Lot on the east side of
Eighteenth avenue, 200 feet north of I street,
25x120, $900; lot on the west side of Seven
teenth avenue, 200 feet south of H street, 50x
MI2J-OB TRANSACTIONS.
Sales are reported by Baldwin & Howell
as follows:
Three flats at 433, 433% and 435 Grove
etreet, $5400; five flats at 263 Perry street.
$2950; residence at D25 Fell street and lot 25x
120 feet through to Hickory avenue, $4900; two
flats and lot at 2712 and - 2712% Bush
street, $6250; lot on north line of California
Etreet, west of Baker, $2600; cottage and lot at
2714 Bush street. $3000; lot 24x81:3 on the
east line of Fillmore street, 24 feet south of
Waller, $1700.
cer of Seventh and Bryant streets; lot and
Improvements at 'Minna and Lafayette streets;
lot and Improvements on the west line of Ritch
etreet, 75 feet northwest of Brannan; lot on the
north line of Hill street, between Church and
Sanchez; lot 1249 of Gift Map No. 3, also lot 4
in block 312 of the South San Francisco Rail
road and Homestead Association, lots 14 and 15
In block 3 of the City Land Association, and
lot 15 In block- 34 of the City, Land Association.
Taxes for the fiscal year ending: on June 30,
1903, are to be paid by' the purchasers.
Sales have been made at auction by
Easton, Eldrldge & Co. as follows:
SMUGGLES ARMS
TO THE CONVICTS
Six flats will be placed by the adminis
trator of the Palmer Hewlett estate on
the southeast corner of Broadway and
Mason streets. .
Preliminary work is under way at the
norttiwest corner of Pine ahdXJones
streets, where Mrs. . Oelrlches and Mrs.
Vanderbilt will erect an apartment' house
Walter H. Linforth's residence on the
northwest corner of. Washington and
Leavenworth streets will cost' $25 000 ap
proximately, r; '
i The apartment house to be erected by
Calvin E. •Knickerbocker.; and -John: 1 &
Barker on the southeast corner of Pine
and Taylor streets will be six. stories high
and will cost 560.000. - -
120, $1750; lot on the west side of Seventeenth
?n<S? u f' 250 feet south of H "treet, 25x120
$900; lot on the west side of Nineteenth avenue
25. feet south of N street. 25x115, $350; lot oil
the west side of Seventeenth avenue. 175 feet
south of H street, 25x120, $900; lot on. th.e west
Next Thursday at .noon Madison &
Burke will auction properties of the heirs
of M. Kedon as follows:
Lot' and improvement* on the southwest cor-
THE AUCTION MARKET.
Announcemnt is made by Easton, Eld
rldge &. Co. that they will -offer at auc
tion on July 1 the following properties:
Kesldence at 2314 Clay street; four
flat* at 8 and 10 Silver 6treet, near Second
with lot 62x70; residence at 24 Dorlaad street,
near Guerrero; lot on northwest corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets; building lot
on east line of Church street. 164 feet south of
Twenty-third, and six lots on the north line of
Twenty-fourth street, 240 feet west of Castro
through to Elizabeth street; business property
at 3241 tUssion street near Fair avenue-
Halgftt-street residence. No. 1011, near Brod
erick; 2 flats at 2128 and 2129% Geary street
near Devisadero; lot on southwest corner of
Kearny and Greenwich streets with nine houses
on lot 37:6x112:6 feet; lot on the west line of
6econd arerrae. near Clement street.
Florin I_ Jones & Co. have so»d three
flats and lot, 27:6x137:6 feet, on the north
Hue of California street 170 feet west from
Jones street for $21,000, for John I*. Has
kell to George Coffey.
Charles N. Felton Jr. and Mrs. Kate F.
Elkins have purchased from John C. and
Edward Coleman 75x175 feet w:th im
provements on the south line of Market
street 150 feet southwest from Seventh
Btreet for $175,000 through the agency of
Charles M. Bemls.
: Charles Carpy has bought the Evarts
block, at Broadway and Eleventh street,
Oakland, for $130,000, giving in part pay
ment the Carpy ranch, near St. Helena,
Xapa County, at a value of $40,000,
through the agency of J. Funkensteln &
Bon,
The National Banking Corporation has
leased through Baldwin & Howell from
E. P. Murphy, representing the owners,
the banking office and basement at the
southeast . corner of Bush and Sansome
streets for a period of six years, the total
rent for the term being $36,000.
McEwen Bros, report that much inter
est is manifested in Point Richmond in
ali parts of the State. A number of lots
have been sold by them in the Santa Fe
tract during the last week.
61iainwald. Buckbee & Co. have effect
ed the lease for E. F. Burns of property
on the north line of Post street, between
Grant avenue and Stockton street, 72x124
feet, with an exit on alley, for twenty
years, the lessor being the Board of Edu
cation. The same brokers will have the
renting of the property.
Baldwin & Howell have sold for the
estate of George Brown 23x80 feet on the
east side of Third street 105 feet north
west of Folsom, with a two-story build
ing containing a store and lodging-house,
to Rienzl Hughes for $15,000.
VARIOUS PBQPERTIES SELL.
William A. Magee of Thomas Magee &
Eons, acting for a client, has purchased
through Baldwin & Howell the lot, 25x70
feet, on the south sice of Jessie street,
200 feet west of Fourth street, with tho
improvements, • consisting of a two-story
building renting for $60 per month, the
price bting $8000.
George W. Kline, the cashier of the
Crocker-Woolworth National Bank, who
recently purchased through Baldwin &
Howell the residence at the northwest
corner of Pacific avenue and Fillmore
street for 525,000, has secured through* the
eame firm the adjoining property on the
north, having: a frontage of 50 feet on
Fillmore street, wtih a depth of 100 feet,
for which he has paid JH.O00. The im
provements on the property consist of a
cine-room residence, covering the north
erly half of the lot.
RECENT SATYRS REPORTED.
Eovee, Toy & Sonntag have sold for
$60,000 the Orpheum Annex on the south
line of O'Farrell street, between Stockton
and PowelL The lot is 25x137:6 feet The
improvements consist of a three-story
brick and frame building, which brings
in $300 per month. The same brokers have
eJso sold a four-story and basement build
ing on the southwest line of First street,
K feet southeast from Mission, with lot
22x75 feet, for $40,000. The property is
leased at $200 per month for ten years.
Baldwin & Howell report that the price
paid for 50x120 feet on the east line of
Fcrty-seventh avenue by the Commercial
Pacific Cable Company is $1000. The lot
is purchased with the understanding that
a station will be established there for the
cable which the -company; is about to lay
ecrcss the Pacific Ocean to the Philip
pines. The sale is interesting from the
fact that this is the first land bought by
the cable company on the Pacific Coast.
The shrewdest persons who study the
future of this city have the most confi
dence in it. This is shown by the several
moves of the United Railroads of San
Francisco In the line of extension of serv
ice which the growth of traffic will
jnetlfy. It is also made manifest In a
striking way by the enlargement In plans
Cor large buildings before the period of
construction has been actually reached.
Of considerable significance has been
the move of the street railway people to
furnish to Richmond a better car service
than it has ever had, which is all that has
been lacking to give a new impetus to
that very desirable section of the city.
Of value as indicating the trend of af
fairs has been the acquisition of land in
Oakland by the Santa Fe Railroad Com
pany, announcement of which has Just
been made, for depot purposes. % !Tt has
aiways been evident that the Santa Fe
¦would enter Oakland. There was never
any reason to doubt that the great trans
portation line presided over by Ripley
¦would eventually Intrench Itself on equal
terms with the Southern Pacific Com
pany on the east shore of the bay. All
that adds to the growth of Oakland helps
also San Francisco. Every sign is favor
able for a revival of the realty activity of
a short time ago after the vacation season
has been passed.
There is the customary summer lull In
the local realty market. Capitalists have
gene to the country. . Transactions T>f all
sorts I of business are carried on with a
little less visor than at other times of the
year. There is nothing in the fact that
realty gales have slackened that should or
can Jar the public confidence in the future
of the values of realty in San Francisco.
The city and all the communities about
the bay are having 1 a steady and healthy
growth. Business houses in this city are
extending their trade by the institution
of branch houses and manufactures and
Ehipplng are Increasing-.
Transactions for the Last
Week Give Standard
of Prices.
Conditions Contain Full
Promise for Many
Large Deals. v
REALTY VALUES
FIRMLY FIXED
THE; SAN" FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 22, 1902.
40
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases hu arrived and they
are mow ready for dlstrlba.
tlon. All tnbicrlberi to The
Call are entitled to a copy of
iht- arreat book at the prem.
lain rate of f 1 SO. Oat . ot
town aabscrlbera dcalrlng " «
copr. of this aplendld prem.
lam will be supplied on re.
eclpt of f 1 CO. All mall
orders will be shipped br ex-
press at iubicrlbtr'1 cipcuc
CHUM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
The faVORITE GHAMPAGN E
"white seaIl!'
pRy^DEUCATE, DEUC/OUS*
The gain in. Importations of Moet & Chandon Champagne during 1S01 wa»
equal to more than 100 per cent of the combined increase of all other Clxampacn# -
Uonaea:—" Sonf orf* ,Win< '* Spirit Circular." •
It gives you a chance to get what you want and save money -on* it. What could \ be A _ • gT^. C^C* • T>_ - ->/ _^ -J -• _r
more timely-more important? , . / ', , i\ I C A I ITTPI^IIIO* I 1 f*fiS _^iCll*TS
- White Waists —White Dress Goods —White Hats ' —Muslin Underwear - * -'."W-Vr yilVl 111^ i/1 VU47 ±~s A^KR
—White Curtains —Handkerchiefs —Sheets —Stationery. • Summer Skirts, right cloths, right styles, and plenty ofih.mmuch _g_Mv
Thousands of dollars' worth bright, clean, fresh goods ready for special selling to-mor- less than they are worth. jsilipb
row morning 1 . . * •" • ¦ • -¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦••¦¦ o — : — ¦ ¦ ¦ — o *^^^^_^
Another example of the way Hale's do thinsrs — so different from others. We have u Another large New York purchase; another, illustration of Hale's T^**y
«« ~~ a . / ' i ;• ,. j , . ,-'¦ , ., r /-n , buying power; another fine example of Hale bargains. : -v-r-":-.'-* - ' V___^B
no Odds, no ends, no accumulations, no rellCS or debris to get rid of. . Our way and our These six stores are always ready for a good thing. More there is of Jli>3L
prices don't let things get old. Women would much rathen save money on something- they'. it the better we like it. Some folks wonder at the values we offer. They
,,r^«4- *u. ~* i.u- .l j »/ - x. o , - 7 " wouldn't if they were en the inside. This big tailor from whom these n//.f*s§il ///$&<
want th&n on something they don t want. So we grow. * " . -I>ii 1 .^ / W , skirts came woui^tt have the world know for anything that he sold them WlVU W\
c \ . ' ; ; — ; — ~~ : '• ; — : : — • — — — — • — O under pricr^- might unsteady his name. Yet he nor no one else can make Plj » *U \ \
/>. &* C\ ¦¦' 4PV? Z'\M 0W_^ $?Q .K?v fe><« fV -- their stock come out even. What surplus he had he quietly sent us to (f^O Jr\ \
-xO^L /T^VJ m /^ a"A Xh" Y*/$} <?'>%. /C-i "/Ss^ • close out for him. It's a big lot— ranging in price now from $2.Q5 to \W^//
x^/m^K^/^^^ sJ&1$ J^QS //\^ "*"' / Jht^S "j(&*h. -^ ? X 9-7S, 'including all 1 popular materials— perhaps not as much of some as W^^/^^ P"\
TO /!^^\. r *' '-- ~ ¦ • '.. „ i*T T i#tt\r$s~^l } seams — stitched with silk and band of moire. They all'have flaring rl\
f\ wf*M-ii^lin : I Inrlprrlnf ht^Q Wl/JI " ffia^f^f^Sj^^^l spun llnes - : fl^
| &iLte i" lU^illl UliUWi VIUIIICO jfi&XH-fflfk' care and skill used In making If 81 2.50-Taff eta Silk -etamin.;. . II u£T\
\\ ' <f/ •¦\l//ljt l 't you would measure it ypu would broadcloth or cheviot-ln black, / H $$£001
ft V_\ Hi ft '• ¦ - • ¦ iS - n :'- see it has a full 5^-yard sweep— blue, Oxford— lined or not. A PUt%J^y
I Wll Nwwte-sotnanvofthem and so low. priced. We expect many, ° i^Mdm SSSS^m "SiS. °b n iu y e oT^i MV
Vi %\3^_P WOmen to COme for them. ' ' fiUa/w£'^i! &*$>* ' trimmed with black satin and moire with silk bands. ' V\
1^^^ , The annual suxn^ers^e-It affords unusual opportunities for supply-. ilf^fl sE^Sme "brSaJSoS and /^Ivf^d^^^
Ing the summer wardrobe.- The garments we. have- made to our order \and-.-:, - -«^a JT^^ cheviot skirts, with a swing and J mlmrs or silk bands \_^§^ hi^ lit KK\v4
/7-^=^~ for these particular styles— nice,-- new, dainty styles— right up to our standard- . - ¦*: B ¦ jW-; ¦- style to them far beyond what the SIDTS— Etamines Deau d^ soJp //til fo /J
iWf ¦ of quality. We can sen you better any, time at full price than you may have- . 1 ¦ V -?m same money usually gets. Black, taffeta silkMany ' different stvSs' / III! S ®^v v\
O : -" M^,-. 1 ~+ T\ A -,ZAJ±A ¦' 'iZ'n'm'w 1+mSC W '"'"A • n ¦ bluei/.^ray, plain- * or: trimmed.. S29.75-Peau de soie silks and taf^ C IB ¦ \ ' M
• INow at s -Uecide.a bayings.;. ° ° f h^t d L?^E. se:^ atswhere t &^^sn^^- ' ™ d trIm - 1^^^%-^^
Complete variety, tpo, even broader can afford\to show in regular way. No one's taste has been overlooked. O— — : " * 1 ,- — -** s^^^_^fe* s^'
Muslin Corset Covers at 8c. Qowits. °~" Dandruff "T Rf foKinbfi^ Vril 1 W/f* ra t
Plain with low round necks ahd other styles up to $2.so. Then there 58c, worth 75c. v - V-riDCri 1\I|/UU11O 1 vU VT CtllSU
are 50c White Skirts at 38c. and others equally important" up to six new styles; soft finished muslin: V ,<^UKc LJ -. Hol? n .
$15.00. 60c Drawers 39c— and SO on. Read the details ¦ '. h'«h. or .^ow;V or. square- neck; yokes. : : 1 /"-L flail KPlCe. .r.;^ -
Skirts... S^BSIilili^^^SS By Home Treatment. Thi^w.^ .^. ,. w r , a
35c, worth 50c. breHa C1 n?unce. e richi y w trimmed wiSl gg e — Little Trouble. terns, not a thins: wrong: With a sinele yard, thouerh vou
Good tauBlln; full width: cambrlo 12 inches of embroidery. °°f* Little monev • u^ ¦ • 1 -r , « , . 5 . uwugu juu
nounce: trimmed with lace. OTHER NEW STTLE SKIRTS-Trim- h£h neS- *l*JS2£ J& rt^iZX' — Stfrfl too S ° lf lo ° ked Onl Y at the PHCeS. Look alSO
44c. VV,V; . Si'?* 11 " or -embroidery. ?2. stitched tucks; other styles with voke ~ . • '. , . ,. _ at OUr ffOOd name
• Kmbroldery trimmed; rood muBlln. full * 2W ' * 3 ' $350 up t0 ' 16 - - • . ' of - cluster tucks; and embroidery in- Our hair and scab specialist rtt U " 1 &" u<^ ™t C ' ..
width; 8-m. cambric flounce; set off <:•'- ;:-'________ • sertion; tucked or hemstitched ruffle finds many without time or rOr Best 25c Ribbons. For 30c Taffeta Ribbons.
with embroidery. .. __ • . around collar and cuffs.. money to come downtown for 1Q C 5 styles-lst 3 in. taffeta-a 1 Sc 3^4 In. wide: set off with
OOC. . Bndfll S^tQ 7c 88c -worth S1 00 ' professional treatment. So he has . ¦.«*•>* little beauty: firm; . well f». dainty block stripes, one of
Muslin: trimmed with a deep ruffi* of UI IUdl •~Cl*S>-iJ>O. /g. ooc, worin * i.uu. ¦ nreoared a remedy for home use made; with a little block border; , the season's best qualities: never
- i:,/ cambric andembrolderr ' C pieces, trimmed to match, Gown 6 new stylea high or low neck; V or prepared a remedy tor norne use. never less than 22c till now. less than 30c, now 15c.
. 78c, Sort* $i.oo. "¦ ; . &£ig~3ri£rzjsgr*2&- j»- i^Plfp^tilS I ./"'/f W$$*x-
&ZU3£i2gr&2k?£ ESASSE* "¦*"»•.*• **V. '. SS-!*- ?1 i. li a. know your cas=, .hortu^iy be- }| 19c ft.SW^fSg <&&£
lace or embroidery; eitra dust ruffle. ,,. French, effect. -.• fore prescribing. The remedy fits ribbon of such character and qjial- touch that- makes you know if s
S1.25, worth S1.50. ¦ . MUSllH DrHWerS at *>C your trouble exactly. q "L'oth^is a 4 in. silk taffeta rib- Srefi^whS^h^ack^tVip^s
Fine cambric; deep umbrella flounce »•—.«•*» _ * a UTT . vli;7 **•'. — »_6W* . - i. w .^ bon, with- dainty black and white or black with white stripes; others
of lawn with two insertions of torchon z sty' e s nice soft finished muslin— trimmed with deep hemstlched cambrie -Z. 2 1 %*¦ II 7_ 2*^.__^_ - .../¦¦ stripes. We have nothing In regu- in pink, light blue, cream, white,
lace with lace ruffle to match and ruffle— Other styles with embroidery ruffle trimming camDric Z5 1 I K ' " W A 1 Sl"^ X lar stock at 25c as good— and there etc. Can you Imagine anything
_ ;s — « ... ~y aj^syggraaga gay -°" "?"* - w-^-> 1 I^^^^Mm$jX / r^^^%«w
ioc Muslin 8^c. White Dl-P<5C finnHc • \ 'S^^SlSSi fHsHfI&?K^" KrISliiMfS
inches wide with no- starch or A O.- Snnnrl ?«*. Fw™ IA,/,,. - - colors, chiefly, . but tucked and thing for dress ruffles, belts or ground"- set off wUh white sun
dressing in it. -The quality is too " *»'_/ OfPeaa 00/776 CXtrCt Values. - hemstitched so cleverly that you millinery- Worth 30c,. but you can burst natterna am? £™a*££1
good to be disguised Worth 10c, q . "¦....:.-¦•. ¦.*: . forget about them beinR in plain have itfor 12c. • stripes. nandsome
but for this white sale 8 l-3c. . Tj«i«» • • , • , 7T 7 , , . . . : — O Q r
\A/U-_ CL _ Hales is certainly the place for white goods. This is I p e aii de Soie or Wash Taffeta r* T\ CyjL
White SheetS. more emphatically true when you see how much is here, - Eve^^ : ___ LsVQDV IJVQSS Sttlf f S
and howlow it's marked-evenmuch of it specially low " ° ¦_ " "~° Jl _ J % .... ' U °-.
win certainly stir up much selling. for this effort. liac 75 Cents — New Shades
?gE» 28S=SS - T^ ; s a wh and we have gone put of our 9 Good news to all ? T think so much style and beauty could"
Pillmx/ Cww ISr tQ^^^^Tyoumy^eihmgszswtc a n.^m denying your- be had for so little money. Hardly a woman but covets
r 11IOW L>aSeS IDC YOU come and See What we have accomplished? -Self these summer comforts on ac- a sof^clininno.Hrp^s—rnnri.nf ?!,««,« MU -*u
Hemrtltched-Regular sire ones. White PlpUes. 2Oc-Karrow and Whit. Oxford Waistinr. plain COUnt ° f C ° St? ' D ° n>t &ny l0nffer ' f ™ n Z™8 dfCSS— more of them WOUld have One if they
Pillow Cases . inlaJ^oL^ni GaS PtateS 2^' knew how little We ask.
ttZ£&^?&JZSS%r_ 585 . 3t **" % WM?MM 5 ' t °k e et^ ne wl^a e I^Rt^fflS- feSa&^Sffi^ S?®.^-- 1 ~ «*»-—^ and delicate.
6 ~J~ ° falnsook. checked, in.. fe Sflferf S^anW'as^ iffi €l *^J2^^X^£?!£^^£« mt COl °" ™* black "
Tflhle I inen fi^r h^^-«* ; » « Duck Sultine; 28 __ wide' S^^% r <»-U *<*** ¦ 7 % f h7 3 w?d O e^n^nT»e^^^^^
laoie Linen one ..-.^i 2^.^^^,^:^^;}^,^^^ ¦ 8 ?S5^u^ a rSs?2S2.is^ ; - ? New Moi>^ Vplnnr^ 7Sr
O O work; embroidery stripe; 28 in.. lace effect^and sltln String w and strong, wtih 2 detachable J llGW IVlUllC VClUUrS, /DC
It is half bleached — heavy>qual- 1 — OC, _S5c .. , ,_ ... .. | . der, 40 in., only 15 C grates. Surface on top of stove 15 colors and black from which to select— 19 Inches wide
j.,^0^^ — _^ 40-Inch India Linon 15c. |l»BirM^igi f^ggfKS S J^/ 1^ §1 59c
AlmOSt I5OO Here is another eood offer: YV.yv . ~* — ' ~~ "
Handkerchiefs x U'^L^kM^M^' : ' !S^^ fe^^^S^
fag^p^ii 1600 Yards Madras at I5c°
half-pnce, all of them good and . . • -•_.***_-r _* ,iv_f*C <Ps -,<i«S? M/ 4\ ' „ . « iN : *^ —** 1i
useful. . 9 RegUlar 20cquality ' '¦¦•'••'¦' ' • 9 'Sf MM Best Opportunity We've Given You to Suppiy Your A^-v' \
—JS^z IfpliiiiBpiliffiii ;a^^Toilet and,- Bath Needs.^Ig^A
embroidery corners are not cut out. YijrHc P<ar/-o1a Xi/-" M/^-tu r>,/ • • • JfuiJrJrT. ., \^^*~' ==== V . * ** ri \<^^-'^""-^"•-
Takes but a minute or two to make . UU } dl u f , reixaie O/ 2 C, Worth O X A.C. liMM • l\ N^\^ A lower price where we can, bat our chief aim was to jret vou a \'0^
5 Cents. ' . women s waists. ....... ¦ ¦ .. -, . ¦ : |g£/ U^cjrgg has been too busy to enter this Western field. He was ready now. He • =lL
Women's and children's-of lawn _^* - y 7^ ¦-.¦¦¦ ! r .6 wanted to sftrt with .Hale's California stores— the quickest way to ¦
and cambric— hemstitched and with I IIQCC B /\iTr/\l I *-> /x« | *^|| | __. ''v^vrorv ' "^ reach most California people. '•¦';"-.' . - """--^ -\
TwS "hS, 01 " hemstltched V-llCl^-> 1 AJVVClinVjf l^oC. * - O : O He made us inducements we could not resist. 1 • .
with colored borders _ this Almond Meal at 25c, Why. it is as Then Woodland Violet TalcunPpowder 18e Of °
7^c,. worth 12^c and 15c. T It is the standard everyday muslin but not the everv H,v nr ' 9 v as you usually. get at 5Oc-and ever so much course you can buy talcum powder at i£ : w" 2
% indies wide-in red and bluJ S 7 k £ ly g_g^|S-^SS "topf' cS ¦ 2?i## 'Hl ° r - ne£ xf° »«^
!S«S52£S1J^ F r?n°g C ed T^ y alf Kf sf z ? C « ,n - "SSS*?™?* ?*>i*- T&^I sprinkler tops called S&^^^^^g^S^ffi?
SSS «8S5 . ° ,-^- /g5a > -.^ •- 1 what a- bi, SSS^StS^ ° d ° r ° f wild 1^ in
but they are perfect. iSST. /S§7 box. too— how nicely put up— excellent quality patent sprinkler top bottles oOc.
15 Cents. /ffl/ ¦ Witch Hazal 15c. ' ' Packer's Tar Soap 15c.
200 dozen flne lawn ones* with /&*/ As much as y ou usually get at 25c-and even stronger. Jyou Tall knowit^a Varjain i- c bath a famous soap .
a™eS?^t^ rf wti" d v£? w iS- T , k, . Woodland and Violet Sea Salts for the Bath. '
iSS ,^^ . It combines the tonic properties of t^eas^^^
tion-many choice patterns in both /fflsM "^J_ZZT ~<^r ¦ -r : ; .'^X;.;, ,. 0<9C /Or LiVStenriG W OVtll 81.00. v '
hemstitching and lace border ef- fSSSj '¦^ftfJZ^ tfmrfk&hFb&h ' ' v> -'¦"'¦""• Regular size bottles— full strength— we are saving you 33c -'•¦'¦¦ ".'• - " '¦ ' S*
A'""' A '^^^g^^ ¦ ¦ Colgate's 7f wrser 1, Powder, 19c a Box. ~ r2 — ;
~*~~~~^^^^^^^^^^ __ M —_—____ '•''"-" '-••' A ¦ It is something extra fine and extra good— regular price 25c.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Hale's.
Eale's.