Continued on Page Two.
i - ;-..<¦ - •;.¦•- ¦; i-.. •¦ ¦ • -' -; . ,' "
shall : be" construed to prevent' "American
citizens; or corporations from holding, or '
operaHng focelgn ships in the'^cean" car
rying trade, arid that "no foreign-built ship
of"any llriey thus_ acquired '^by, American
'citizens shall- be admitted hereafter ; to
•American registry. ; ... ?,*¦'*-. Xr .r- ;
: 'WHAT THE Bltt WEAN&.
: The title of the bill passed [by the Sen-'
ate is: "To provide for ocean mail service"
between the "United States and foreign
': and . the _ common .defense,' to
p.romote~commerce and to \ encourage the
deep sea fisheries." ,V ; -\- .''>i. : ".- :- . '¦¦:'¦
>' The title of the measure as passed deala
with } ocean -^ mail r steamships j and v their
Bub'sidies." ".The postal ¦ subsidy- act^of , 1831"
'is so "amended as to direct the Postmaster
General, to. enter- into, contracts, for tnot
less than five nor more than fifteen- years
with American citizens" for x ; the'' carrying
of mail on ' American steamships ;to' such
I foreign" ports ' as : will best ¦ promote ' the
postal,': commercial ¦ and -maritime vinter
ests-of ;the ; United States, the /mail vser
vice-on- such. ;lines to ,be equitably .dis
tributed among .the Atlantic, -.Mexican
;Giilf ahd'Paciflc ports, and' the contracts
to 'be- made , with the lowest" responsible
bidder.'.' V.' ¦• -' • • : . . • . : .
' The ' vessels" emQloyed in .the mail ser
:vice : shall be. American built and^ owned
and officered * by -American citizens. " Dur
ing" the.-'flrst; two 'years one- fourth^of the
crew.must be American citizens- and dur
ing, the , next- three : years 'one-third ' must
( be American \ citizens ,S and during:the 'ie- ;
| malning-'tlme : ofithe contract at least
one-h^alf must r be ; American citizens.'.Tha
ships /must* be screw^ steamships -of -iron
or, steelv" and divided into the. foil owing
ViasseT," according?. to .speed: .' ' , ;¦ .
'First - clas's^Twenty* knots or over.
. ;? Second class-^-NIneteeri ; knots.- ;
¦ Third class-^-EIgh teen" knots.; -
'.".¦: Fourth jcla'ss-^Seventeen .knots. • ¦
; ; P*lf th .class— sixteen knots.'
_ -; Sixth class— Fifteen knots. ", ' " ¦;>;'
'.':. Seventh, class— Fourteen' knots.'; .
.'Allj steamships; of the first- four classes
shall be .¦constructed . with particular- ref
erence., to . prompt conversion Into ' auxtl-
Idry '^naval . cruisers .'and shall be of the
; highest rating ; : known to maritime corn
'mefce.';-" '-'" ' .-..•¦¦' ' .;'.¦. " •'¦"
;; FOR OCEAN,- MAIL ' SERVICE.
¦ The rate^ of '; compensation' for ocean
'teail service, to, txf. paid per, gross resls-
Ltticd ~ toh\ for .each hundred nautical
Appointment of St&eiBpard-of Trade Pro*
fjr^f motion Coniiniti^ 1st Favored:
that it was its duty to devote- espedar atten
tion to those parts' of the State needing assist
ance, and particularly that part: lying north
of Tehachapt," and to. that end decided " to'co
operate in all possible' ways with the % renewed
efforts now being made to advance : the pros
perity of Northern and Central . California":
that the California State Board of - Trade is
prepared to enter at once upon the work ..-with
considerable assured revenue,' thereby obviating
the delay and expense attending' the formation
of a new organization; therefore,' » .. • ¦¦ j
Resolved, That the offer of the State Board
of Trade be accepted, and that In the special
work now about to be . entered upon'of.ln
-creasing the population and developing the re-
Ecurces of Northern and Central California; we
will avail ourselves of the services ' of the offi
cers, ¦ directors and • employes . and the • rooms
and, exhibits - of . that ' organization under the
conditions hereinafter ret forth : - - . ; '
TO ENLARGE BOARD.
First— That the ' State Board of Trade be
enlarged by/ adding to its membership .one
member from each, of the following; organiza
tions of the city of "San Francisco: 'The Cham
ber of ' Commerce. 2 Merchants' Association.
Board of Trade' of . San j Francisco, ' Manufac
turer*" and ; Producers' „ Association of- Califor
nia and the Merchants' Exchange; one mem
ber from all affiliated counties, to be appointed
by the' respective Beards of Supervisors; 'one
member from all interior organizations or asso
ciations ' within affiliated . counties " formed for
the purpose of promoting- immigration and .the
commercial and industrial .'development : of ; the
State, and one member, from- each of the trans
continental lines 1 of railroad »ow serving San
Francisco. ¦ - - . ¦ ..' '\ ¦ . •
Second — To the • end ; that ¦ the proposed * en
larged work may be entered upon at -once and
vigorously prosecuted.'*, promotion committee
of the. board be created, ; composed : of- fifteen
members, as follows: Five from ' the present
memberehlp of the State Board of Trade, one
from each of the five commercial organizations
of the city of San Francisco above named; one
from the Sacramento, Valley" Development As
eociatlon, . one ' from the San'Joaquin Valley
Commercial Assoclatlin. one I from the Coast
Counties Association and one. each from tha
transcontinental railroads , cbove referred : to. '¦
Third— The duties of this committee 'shall be:
<a) To devlie ways and means for enlarging
and extending the'work of the aboard., '¦
1 <b) To Increase the ' number of . affliliating
ccuntles aud to! induce them to make > an ex
hibit of their product* and furnich: the board
with literature descriptive' of 'their respective
localities., . . ,.. :¦..¦.;,;-'./:.
(c) To provide facilities to Interior ; associa
tions representing combinations of counties for.
the establishment of special. bureaus of Infor
mation and- exhibits : cf . their . resources 'at the
exhibition rooms of ¦ the- board.; . . -. ''
SPECIAL EXHIBITS.
. (d) To, provide for special exhibits at such
points other than' in San Francisco as may be
deemed , advisable, and . for the preparation and
distribution ' of descriptive and statistical lit
erature. ; •. .-•. . ' •• .- .; ., . :
_-".(e) To unify, and co-operate with the various
organizations of ¦ Xorthernand Central 1 Califor
nia* now 'engaged, or that' may hereafter en- !
gage, in .'the ; work of State development. and of !
promoting immigration, v and generally to '
carry out Uhe of the organization "as
they may from* time to time be directed by the
members, i
¦To enable the State Board of Trade to enter
at once ;upon 1 this work the various bodies re
ferred-to in paragraph 2 are requested to ap
point a representative from each of the organ
izations 1 above named and . notify j the 'secretary
of the State Board 'of Trade of such appoint
ment, who shall at_ once convene the said.pro
motion committee at ' the rooms of the' State
Board of Trade,
¦Manager Filcher of the State Board of
Trade said he was in thorough accord
with. ;the" spirit, of the resolutions and Jhe
advocated their, adoptioji. He said he
would , take immediate " steps to carry
out the provisions of the resolutions, and
lha . t s 8Oon^as possible after appointing
the parties provided for a meeting would
be called • and . the great work be begun.
On this "statement the resolutions were
adopted and" the meeting adjourned.
.Manager Filcher. stated after the'meet
ing that I the Board- of Trade would lose
no time in getting the work started. As
soon as the appointment of the promotidn
committee has" been made a meeting of
all 'intprested !will: be 1 called. . j
HARCONT QETT1N0-; REABY . j:
TO INSTALL HIS SYSTEM-
i OTTAWA. :Ont. March 17.-The agree
ment, between the. Deminion" Government
and ¦William ' Marconi for the ; establish-'
ment ¦; of 1 a wireless • telegraph ¦ station ¦ at
Cape Breton has been brought [to; a. 5 satis
factory' T lEsue. ' The '. contract' ' will be
signed: in a few; days. . Marconi ' will leavj,
here "for' Cape .- Breton to-niorrow if or. the
purpose of. selecting a site i f or ,' the -Jerec-*
tion^.of a high pov/er station.- It : Isfex-'
pected • that , wireless .communication 'will
be established , between i the Dominion ; and
Great Britain b.v the beginning 'of | next
June.'y.. •'¦ l "¦ . .-¦""- ¦ " ¦¦;¦'¦' ¦':>' .¦"•¦ '¦'¦¦
Title 4 provides that.no vessel be given
compensation under two "or more titles
oJ this act at the same time; that a sub- -
sidlzed . vessel 'shall, not be sold to a sub
ject. 1 of .a' foreign power, and that the
President '.of the* United States shall
BEEP. SEA" FISHEBY.
ITitleS of the bill- directs -the Secretary
of the Treasury to pay 'to' the owner of a
documented vessel engaged in deep sea
fishery > for at least three months in any
I .one \ year -JZ* per gross ton per annum,
provided that at least one-third ¦ of the
crew shall 'be citizens; of .» the United
States, and . he -. is . directed 'to pay . also
to a citizen of the United States, serving
as . a ' member "of such crew; $1 per month
for.. the time he is necessarily, employed.
.';Each subsidized vessel i'a required to
carry .a3 a ; . member,, of . its company on9
American ; boy. for each 1000 gross tons,
shall be ; taught seamanship and engineer
ing, and shall rank as a petty officer. The
owners of the -vessel • must ¦ agree -beforo
receiving compensation that the ship , In
emergency may . be used ; by the United
States '-_ for the national defense or for
any,'; public - at a \ faiT valuation
for .'this^' service. *
•Title 2 V>f the bill provides for the gen
eral- subsidy to be pakU It directs lh«
Secretary of .the' Treasury to .pay to the
owners of any.vcssel in. the United State3
. duly : registered and engaged, in /the for
.eign .trade of \ the j United . States, . a com
pensation amounting ¦ to 1 cent ¦ per • gross
'registered ton for each 100 . nautical miles
salledj. not -exceeding sixteen entries in
any i one year; and -one each .entry, not
sixteen \ in any one year, for a
¦period of five- years from the date of reg
istration, of ' a vessel • of 1000 gross ¦ tons,
! " shall ; be completed after: the pas
sage' of this bill, one-fourth of ono cent
; per : gross ton for eacfcT 100 nautical miles
sailed in'additlon to the above mentioned
compensation; The /bill , specifies certain
'vessels which shall not receive compensa
tion 'under its provisions, among ; them
being vessels . engaged r in . the coastwise
trade" exclusively.' - "
.The rates of compensation to any ves
sel . carrying mails to foreign ports in
North ; America shall not . exceed 70 per
cent of the maximum rate established.
. miles sailed from the port of clearance In
'the 'United 1 States to the port of entry in
the 'United States, according to ' the rulo
required .by the Postoffice Departn\ent,
shall not exceed the following:
... Steamships of the- first class— Two and
seven-tenths cents. 7
. I Second class— Two and five-tenths centa.
•Third class— Two and three-tenths cents.
*• Fourth class-^-Two and one-tenth cents.
?Fifth classy-One and nine-tenths cents.
- -Sixth class — One and 'seven-tenths cents.
-Seventh; class— One '-and '.'five-tenths
cents. :\\ : ;: x : •-
OFFICERS OF LEADING; COMMERCIAL/BODIES OF NORTHERN AND >;
CENTRAL CALIFORNIA' WHO'; WERE 'INSTRUMENTAL', IN. THE ~
FORMATION OF A CENTRAL" ORGANIZATION.' S. .,
F6reign=Built Ships
Not to Receive
Benefits.
NOTEP . REPUBLICAN' LEADERS
f WHO - ARGUED IN - FAVOR OF
" THE SHIP SUBSIDX BILL. ¦'
particularly interesting to persons unfamiliar
t-JUi our methods of culture in California;
U.U affiliated with it. as members, is a large
number of county organization*, individual*,
firms and corporations, whose co-operation Is
every way desirable In any movement for the
envelopment of "our St&te and a wider dissemi
nation of knowledge regarding Us attractions
for the bomesecker; that the State Board of
Trade at its recent annual meeting resolved
After some discussion as to details the
following resolution outlining the plan
proposed to be followed was presented
by the chair and adopted as the sense of
the mfetinsr:
PLAN OF ORGANIZATION.
In view of the fact that the California State
Board of Trade is an organization that for
twelve years has been devoted to the devel
opment of the industries and resource* of this
SUte, end especially to the work of inducing
immltreticn; that it has a large and valuable
exhibit Illustrative of the products , of the
field, garden and orchard. with a • ¦ fully*
equipped office force of much experience In
the line of immigration and exposition work;
that It has made many investigations relating
to products especially adapted to our soil . and
climate, and has a large fund of Information
, General Chipman discussed the proposi
tion of forming- a central organization at
eome length. Xo movement could be suc
cessful without a governing head. He
suggested the formation of a central body
whi^h should have power to act at Its
discretion in the interests of the counties
represented in the body by appointments
to be hereafter made.
It was Intended to bring the business
men of the, sections alluded to into closer
business relationship for their mutual
benefit. This could only be accomplished
by co-operation on the part of all inter
ested, and the success of the movement
•was assured If .the business men inter
ested would put their shoulders to the
wheel and Tielp it along.
Chairman Newhall stated that the pur
pose cf the meeting was to arrange some
plan by which xhe varied business inter
ests of San. Francisco .and the northern
and central counties might be advanced.
PURPOSE OF MEETING.
vancement cf.. the .central, and northern
part of the State was formed was an
executive one held in the rooms of the
Chamber of : Commerce. Only nine .gen
tlemen were in attendance, but their 'af
filiation with various commercial bodies
in an official capacity, which vested them
xtlth power \o act as their judgment
might dictate, rendered the gathering
notable in every other respect save that
cf numbers. George A. JCewhall, presi
dent of the Chamber of Commerce, occu
pied the chair. : Those J in ' attendance
were: . . . ¦ . ,
T. C. Kriedlander,' - Merchants"' "Exchange;
Charles Bundschu, Merchants' Association; J:
M. Fllcher. State Board. of. Trade; Arthur K."
Brigg^. San Joequln. Valley Commercial Asso
ciation; A. A. Watkins. Board of .Trade of
Ean Francisco; General Chipaian, State Board
of Trade; A. Hbarboro, ' Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, and Secretary E. Scott,
Merchants' Exchange'.
The meeting. at which the nucleus, of
the movement toward - the- industrial ad-
A ¦¦ HE steps taken 'some weeks
• SB. ago by the business men of.
- H . San : Francisco and represen-
B -tatives of /xijnmercial bodies
-^»- 'of - the central and northern.
cpunties of the State for the
Industrial advancement -of Xhe ¦ eectLons
named resulted yesterday In the forming
of a central orsanlEatlon./the^.operatlqns
of which wlU be fraught with more than
ordinarj' Imppriance,. to.. California. \ \
Resolutions Outlining
Plan of Action
; v ~— - Adopted^ -^^ ¦' 7 '—> :
Senators .Make^SomeJmpoi^aht Amende
mentS;tp y the^Mea$ure.
but; I did not quit." •
The : shooting was . witnessed by a num
ber of -When the firing begar
Bridgetender W. H. Neff.was sitting ir
[ hia. little cabin reading a newspaper. \U
i leckedout, ;and, stelng Woods and Dodgt
exchanging shots, he crouched down or
his hands and knees to escape a possibh
ctray bullet. In lets than'a minute after
ward Woods rushed into the cabin, loekee
tho door and then fell across the hall
prostrate bridgetender. Dodge., followef
up his man, however, and, kicking tht
cabin door open, resumed his shooting
At this close range he was able to do ef
f ective work, though himself weak. fron
the loss of blood, and inflicted upon. Wood;
two wounds In the hip which may prov<
very dangerous. •.
Neff.1 who was. directly next to Wood;
"all this time, escaped unscathed, althougl
he considers it a miracle that' he was noi
hit by /a bullet. ;
WOUNDS OF THE DUELISTS. 1
. W hen | the j men . were removed j f rom th<
Receiving: Hospital, for treatment, 1 Dodg<
to^the County Hospital' and Woods to.th<
Railroad Hospital, It was discovered thai
Dodge had. been shot through 'the ' ab'
demen and that he: probably would ¦ die
Woods was wounded in the hip ant
through one side of the jaw.' It Is belleve«:
that his recovery, is: fairly certain, unlesi
complications,. which are not improbab't
In such a'cas'e, ensue. His wounds in the
hipare regarded as the most serious., II
¦is'beliqved that Dodge will live' thfougt
the; nl s! lt *^^^^^^^^^^^|--: '. : ' v '
13oth ,i men , ¦ are : well known.' Dodgt
v/orked at his trade as cabinet-maker. at
the ; railroad ¦¦ shops j for many 'years
though r latterly conducting business , foi
himself.; ;•;.>;'."
In all fifteen shots' were ; fired -In tn<
j duel. \ '¦ Marvin ;WIseman . of Washington
was' crossing, the. bridge on "his whec
¦when ; one,' of the bullets passed '. betweei
tnt" handle bars arid his body. " Others hat
ecjually. narrow, escapes. ¦-•
; -It" his^ been i -learned k' that : -Dodge hat
written ' letters .to ; Wopde. . warning hiri
that his life 'wbuldi.be the ; forfeit fit ht
failed ito;marry v Dodge's "daughter. -
:',- Eiglit-Hour Work Day in Spain.
!- , MADRID, , ; March;.17.—Th a Gazette r to
| day/pubiishesi a decree 1 establishing Var
;eigh' ttKour; day" ;'. for ~.a\\ ' working people or
'the state domains and in the state ',mlne3.
workshops,'- etc'.V- and ; ijroyliliri.?, that ' each
hour, of overtime is ' to . be ; paid ; for at the
Vatefof ;cne-clghth of the " daily: wages. ~
¦ .'"-¦.• ' Special Dispatch ,to The Call. "¦ . .
I SACRAMENTO.'. March 17.— "I believe' I
have only a 'few' hours to : live, and am
willing to tellall I know." ,.~ 1 went c to the"
bridge"* tor have -'.a quiet talk with 'Bob.v
I wanted him. to "do what was right by
my, daughter." *, '.- . -¦
These words, 'uttered by. Van C. Dodge,'
63 years old, lying mortally wounded in
the Receiving , Hospital, told the story
back of a furious duel on the Yolo' bridge
this morning. The second principal in the
affair was Robert W. Woods, 22 years old,"
who is also > badly .-' wounded. .' He talked
freely enough about the circumstances of
the encounter on the bridge, but when
asked ' as , to ; the \ cause, • replied : . "I ¦' have
nothing to say." . *
¦Dodge iivcs.ln this city and is a cabi
net-maker. Woods resides in the town
of Washington, at 'the Yolo end of the
bridge, and Is. employed; as a blacksmith
In the Southern Pacific shops in this cityi
A few minutes before '. 7- o'clock Woods!
was ' crossing the : bridge ; on - his way'; to •'
\^ork. When : . about: midway/ across hk
was met by Dodge. ! A. few words. were
exchanged~>nd then ensued .a remark
able duel with pistols. ; Dodge was armed !
with" two '^both'. of : which he 1
emptied in hia ' endeavor to kill the young
man, before he' "was himself, exhausted
.from the wounds^* which : . Dodge ' had in
;fljtted. ,^'. .•.;.• , '¦',, ¦ ' .*-•
bridge was. iined with men crossing i
,46" thejr^empldymentiajjdj.w'ith delivery
•wagOTS^anci^Vheej'wi^./.The.^Bhbotliis y
caused a panic and^ibXr^were many riar-,
row. escapes. ¦¦'. ¦ ,; • •. '
DODGE'S STORY OF TRAGEDY.
Dodge, when • picked up with : the blood ;
gushing from several wounds j said he had '
armed himself . with .two revolvers ' and
gone to the-bridge to -meet; Woods and
have a final understandings about : saving
the honor of his daughter. . .„ ¦
"I' wanted him' to, do what was right -\
by her." he said, when told that he had
but'a short time to live. "He had been
going with her for; about four years arid j
he took advantage- of her. I wanted 1 ,
"Woods, to. do : the right thing by marry- I
ing the girl, and I-told him I would kill
him If he. did not do so. When I went to i
the, bridge': to meet him this morning 'I |
told him 1. w ; antcd to have a little talk'
with him, to find qut what he proposed to j
do. As soon as I commenced to talk with j
him he stepped back and made a motion!
as if to reach*' for a gun. ;I was a little '
too quick for him, though, and got in. the'!
first shot. I emptied both my guns and
he emptied 'his. His third shot hit me, 1
: versary and Two; Bullets From
His Weapon Find Their
;- "'¦""¦ : •¦ ¦- '-¦'¦' Markf . ¦
Dying Man StaggGrs Af ter^ His Ad-
Father Battling' for',Daugh
ter's' Honor • Recsi ves v
Mortal Wound.
Sacramento Pedestrians
; See 'Furious Combat
•V TWitn^PistolW.-^'V;
FOES MEET
IN DUEL ON
THE BRIDGE
BUSINESS MEN FORM CENTRAL
ORGANIZATION OF TREMENDOUS
SIGNIFICANCE TO CALIFORNIA
price; five Scents:
... — — . ... - .. .. .
BILL TO PROMOTE AMERICAN
MERCHANT MARINE BY SUBSIDY
IS PASSED BY DECISIVE VOTE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
VOLUME XCI.— XO. 106.
san feastciscq;" Tuesday;: -m^bch is, 1902: *
<W -raw- y ASHINGTON; Marfch'17
• M : JH ¦¦/' After' prplonged. '^ebatt
'l/l/' w VJ?® -¦'•¦¦' Senate-., .to-daj
1^ B^ passed theiship'subsld>
T r bill, the ¦ final v vote/or
the measure being-" 42 tt
31." Senators Allison and Doill ver of Iowa
Spooner . and "Quarles ¦ of Wisconsin.. anV
Proctor and Dilllngham.bf y.ermont,^ Re
publicans, voted against the final passagt
of the bill, and ' Senator., McLaurin l^o
South Carolina," : Democrat, '_ voted l for., it
Some, amendments to the bill were adopt
ed , but ; they, were all agreeable' to ,thos<
in charge of the ¦ measure." the" friends . o
the bill voting down' . air; other,-, amend
ments. ,! With, .the . exception j of wj th<
amendments offered >by Allison .and ;a'c
cepted; by .Frye limiting, thev time of t hi
operation ;of contracts; made .under ' ; th<
provisions of ; the bill to July J, - 1920, ant
providing that the arnourit_6f the expendi
ture under the 'mail T subsidy^ pliragrapl
should 1 not-. atVany . tlmeiexceed f J3,0X"iO0
annually, none "of the amendments agree(
to; materially ; affected -the ; as" ; it was
reported '_ from . the : Commerce: Committee
FLOOD OF AMENBikENTS.
'"' The, voting upon amendments. began 'a
3 o'clock, ¦ and such- a 'flood -of them' was
offered that a final", vote Upon the' bllljai
amended was not ."; reaehed-^until.' just -be
fore 6 o'clock." ••¦ Amendments -offered \bz
Vest of . Missouri, pro viding. f or ' .' 'f re<
ships", and for the- application of u th<
provisions ; : of .the' anti-trust "law -to : th(
Shipping industry wore rejected.; as was
the amendment proposed. by: Patterson o
Colorado/, providing vthat no Chinese^ per
son should be^ a member of; the'erew' o
a subsidized vessel. Pettus offered *• ai
amendment" providing ¦ that ,' the .total;, ex
pendlture /under ., the ¦ bill; should 'not •, ex
ceed 49^000.000 in' any year!; ¦ It- was adopt"
ed . in committee , of the ; whole,-, but ; latei
In the Senate was rejected • by a ; dec!sly<
vote.; " : ' '¦%' ¦'.' ¦-¦' -'j\'; .'. ' .;'{,•'¦¦;;. :, ; .' ;
The Senate agreed to an amendment of
fered'byJ. Spooner. providing .that' Congress
should have power^tb amend, or, repeal -th*i
act, without" impairing. -'any. contract mad<
under. Its authority. \] '^'.¦'•V; : V \-J ¦'.'.
Hahha- offered; arid< the- Senate adopte<
three : amendments applying - directly t<
the acquisition by, J.- PIcrt)orit:Morgansanc
his "associates of the* Leyland/ line of 'Brit
Ish : ships. They provide - that i no foreign
built ¦ ship shall participate -in ' the * pro
posed ••; subsidy;; that nothing in: the^aciTo Cure, a Cold in One Dav
Take Laxative Br^omo-Qulnlne Tablets. An
dnK*lsts refund th\ money If it f* U , to <n>w.
E. '\W Grova'a signature is on each b<a. 25c
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
• ItehlnB, Blind. BU«dln* or Protruding p«u.
Wo cur*. No Pay. All drug S ttts «• autSo^Ad
by manufacturers of Paso Olntm.nt to r»7n«2
money wher* «t falls to cure any caia of oih?.
no matter of tow long- standing. Cures erdTnarV
etises In «lx dnys; worst cases In fourtcan Tdiv.
Onn application gives ease and rest Kelt?***.
Itching Instantly. This la a new discovery" and
Ig tho only ipil«, remedy sold on positive tuax.
nnt*c. no cure, no pay. A free 8ampl»'wilT h*
•ent by mall to any one sendlnar nama aud ad
dress. . Price, 60c. If your druicjlst don't k e «n
It In stock send 5Oc. in stamps and we will for
ward full *tze box: by mall. Manufactured fcv
PARIS MEDICINE CO.. St. Louis. Mof. who
«l»o manufacture .the , celebrated i cold - cure
laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. ' ¦ '
MASS IN THE GAELIC TONGUE.
Special ' Services .Are ; Held at St.
, , Brendan's . Church. V
.. Solemn: high', mass, in the 'Gaelic,' tongue
was the feature of- tho especial' services
held (yesterday morningvat St. Brendan's
Church.'iat Fremont and. Harrison streets.
The building ;was,:'crowded in* every por
tion and the; congregation listened to tho
sermon with the utmost attention. ;
; ThejRov.: Father,' John -Nugent,- riastor
of the church.- was the •¦ celebrant, 'assisted
by the Rev." Father: P.- J. Qutnn : of Suisun,
aa "deacon;;: the Rev. ;P.v ;'J. 7 Keane of •• St.
Joseph's.' as 'sub-deacon, ;. and; tho -.Rev.
Father. ¦ Yorke, us master of " ceremonies.. •
>.The raermon :v.'as*, delivered. In Gaelic
by tho ; Rev. .Father. 1 Concannon ' of Stock
ton,- and was a clever composition. - He
dwelt i on ¦ the ; llf e ¦ of •' St. : , Patrick * and
vividly ' sketched the .'. Incidents ¦ of ; the ; ca
reer of ! the patron- saint, r: He also told : of
his manifold * labors for ¦ the f. church • and
Santa Clara County Hibernians Celc
. brate in Mountain View.
u SAN* JOSE, r March -n.—The: Hibernians
of" Santa. Clara 'County .'celebrated ; St.
Patrick's day at Mountain View. Divis
ions No: 1 and 3, 'Ancient: Order "of Hi
bernians,^ of ?. this city, ¦ accompanied by
the Fifth Regiment: Band '.and many
friends, left here at ' 9:50 '.o'clock -,. this
morning.-: Delegations ¦ from Menlo Park
and' other-, towns 'about Mountain View
were . present, and : the celebration was
an enjoyable affair.- The " visitors ¦ were
feasted and entertained. ." -..'. ;¦ '- ;- .. »
•'The -new Catholic ;churclT "just : erected
?jy Father -Cullen's parish was dedicated,
the, Hiberninns' taking part -in the cere
monies. -A 'Bishop of the : diocese was
present 1' and . performed , the " dedicatory
ceremony and many priests attended. A
high* mas,s:lni honor; of the patron saint,
accompanied -;-by •¦> excellent ;- music; • ¦. fol
lowed. . ' r "*^liTr»"'^ll"V r HIIHBI|i | llil|HVi 'WiilljtiiVlj
The visiting " Hibernians ¦¦ were : dined by
DEDICATE A NEW CHUEOH
FENIANS AGITATE
rOR' OENEHAL HISINQ
LONDON. March 18-Tho Vatican has
received confidential news, says the Rome
correspondent, of the Dally Chronic!© of
a serious situation In Ireland. The Pen
lans have for somo months been on»ft«r«^
in un active propaganda with, a view to
organizing for a general ¦ rising
It Is believed the Vatican wlli l n »tmw
the Irish clergy to hold aloof from thl
revolutionary agitation. ra th<s
The' Ancient ,Order. of Hibernians gave
"a patrlotlc»entertalnment;at B'nal B'rlth
Hall ; last evonlnjr In honor of. St. Patrick.
The attendance was very, large and the
programme of mil ste and I recitations whs
moet. entertaining. Hpfrcnos worn dellv
ored cbaructorlstic of thQ festive 1 day and
tho' songs rendered wore those , melodies
which have been known for generations
to all .Irishmen— full of pathos and .beau*
tlful sentiment. ... .'
•Ancient Order of Hibernians.*
At St. Francis Church "special services
in . addition to tbe regular week-day
masses were held.. At the ; dawning of
the- day the first mans was celebrated. At
9 o'clock a special mlssa cantata was cele
brated by.' Rev. Terence Caraher, the
pastor, assisted by deacon and sub-dea
con. The priests of ¦ the • neighboring
churches, Sts.^Pletro and, Paulo and Nu
estra Oenora de Guadalupe. asststed . in
the services.. A large congregation ,was
pres'ent at the latter service. Special mu
sic was rendered by the choir ami a
hymn to St. Patrick was sung at the closo
of the mass. , ' . .
P. E. Collopy. , ,
The interior of St. Patrick's Church was
crowded to Its limit yesterday, morning by
those who took part in tho special services
held in honor. of the patron saint' of Ire
land. .The- church was artistically decor
ated and the main altar wa3"a mass of
glowing color.
The Hev. P. J. Cummlngs, pastor of-the
church, -celebrated ¦ solemn • high mass,
and was assisted by the Rev. P.. T. Col
lopy, as deacon; the. Rev. Patrick O'Hara.
sub-deacon, and the- Rev. Fathers Horan
and Barry, us rmtstor of -ceremonies.
-Archbishop Riordan was present in the
sanctuary 'and his deacons of honor were
tho'Rov, Joseph McQuade and the^Rev,
Father Maxlmillian. O. B. F.
. The Rev. «P. T. Collopy preached the
sermon and paid. a glowing tribtito to the
virtues of St. Patrick and. the .steadfast
devotion shown (by the ' Irish raco to the
religion of their forefuthflrs.
A' euperb musical programme was ar
rnnsed for the nervlce by MIrs Mary
Short, the organist of tho church. Cimo
roan a grand military mass 'was- irlven, :
and at- the .offertory ;Mls» Etta Walsh
rendered- "late Confessor," by Francis.
Tho programme included Rossini's mas
terly composltlon.WTuntuni . Krgo," . ren
dered by the choir, which was augmented
for'tho occasion, ¦• -j . ¦
Ireland's Patron Lauded by. the Bev.
SAINT'S ¦ VIRTUES ' EULOGIZED
Five. patriotic Irishmen' who were cele
brating St. Patrick's day came to a dis
astrous- finish late last evening. They- had
been calling; on air their friends in a
green hack : . drawn , by ; two . ray/bone
steeds. From sSuth of; the slot they.de
cided to visit' the north end of the city,
but they' traveled no farther" than Lbt
tR's fountain, when they came to srief.
The driver of the hack decided to drive
over the small pillars that surround the
fountain. ' The hack, would, not stand the
ride over the jumps and broke to pieces.
The last of the five celebrant3 ; of St.
Patrick's day was seen walking up Mar
ket street leading the horses. Those In
the hack v.ere: Albert Brown, Tom Wal
ters, Mike Fahey, "Red"' Johnson and
Mike Thornton. / ... 1
Services at St. Francis.
Sons", of Erin Close Patrick's Day
. With Smash-Up.. •-.
rick, lived up to and carried out. Sepa
rate faith from the Irish people and the
name of Ireland will be lost. The Irish
Catholics uphold the cross and crown in
sorrow and shame as she did In peace and
prosperity. • -
"She has tried the pike and the bayonet
and she may do so again, but I feel, how
ever, that she will win the ultimate blood
less victory by an appeal to. justice and
by that legislation she will win a vic
tory for- her faith."
' Faith Reaches Into Hearts. .
"Faith is an instinct of relationship and
at: atmosphere of hope and love by which
men live. Faith reaches down Into the
very .depths" of the hearts, of • mankind.
Chrlft said... 'You- shall know the truth
and it shall -make you free." The church
stands for unity and liberty, and with
God's grace, the Irish people shall nev^r
vt&r the shackles of despot or devil, for
Christ has made them free.
"What is it that unites tho Irish na
tUn? Their strength Is their faith,, and
Ireland wears the cross of thorns and
bfni s the burden of a cross even as Christ
did.
"Look at tho history of Ireland. For
S00 years tha Danish Invader came to her
shores, and when the foe had been re
pelled, the NormanH came. The Normans
did not achieve a victory— they planted a
hcetllo force there which was, followed
by Bngland's invasion. Not for centuries
did Ireland flght fof* love of country
'a!oh<v but ehC' fought also for her re
liClon.
"In the destructive work of the In
vaders'Ireland saw tha -upheaval: of'' her
rellelon, and It was loynltyto God that
made the Irish cllnsr to their country.
Fa'.th Ravo strength to denpuir,. and It
was truly said. *\Vo may surrender much,
but our faith to St." Patrick., never!' "
, The speaker then dwelt upon -the his
tory of Ireland and told of' tho mnnner
In which Henry tho Eighth, Kd ward; tho
Sixth, Elizabeth and Cromwell had acted
toward the Irish nation, and continuing,
etjid : '.'¦•¦ .¦'¦-..¦
Remained Steadfast.
"These rulers of England determined to
stump cut thu Catholic religion In Ire
land, and for their religious belief num
erous m*n and women were put to the
rack and killed on. tho scaffold. Their
property was confiscated and 'desolation
spread far. and',wlde. 'Elizabeth of Enjr
lui'd snl«l that she "would conquer tho
Irish- people,. yet.' at t the end of her forty
>>a re* , reign, •? here could not be fouml
sixty of the natives of Ireland who had
bpccme Protestants. ' ...
• ."Jamc3: the, Flr3t ordered the CathoHo
priests to leave Ireland, and mas3 was
¦forbidden. Yet -< Cromwell's devastation
of -Ireland was the worst fate-that .be
fell that • country. Those , who seek" to
place thp laurel on-hls brow know -not
what- 'they, j do. His ¦ acts -were ¦ blood
thirsty, and terrible; '.He s'ent 20,000 fanat-.
ics to Ireland and acted like Atllla. ;He
claimed to be a God-fearing man, and hia
Puritans steadily read ¦ the , Bible; yet
Cromwell . committed awful murders in
the name of religion and; people .'were
massacred on all sides.; Men, women and
children were slaughtered by his orders,
and ho stands .condemned by his own
words. He deserves only the condemna
tion of every. Christian and of. all honest
men. Cromwell .was a cruel tyrant, and
he died a traitor . to justice, a despot- to
freedom and a dishonor to the Christian
name.,- •¦; : - , ¦¦ ' ¦ ¦• •'' " ¦; : -" ¦¦¦ ¦ '
"Nowhere else in Europo can' be found
more virtues than In Ireland. 1 Ireland is
poor, and the- poor- are rarely envied.
Their only possession Is In character," and
this Ireland possesses to a degree. She
has faults, but they are mainly 1 , the out
come of her miseries, arid not. of her
own making. :• .
¦ "She ppssessps many domestic ¦ virtues,
a high spirit of' charity,' and' her good
nature, , wit, courage and truth are the
products of hcr-falth. molded < by grace.
• • "As faith has preserved Mho Irish na
tloml sentiment; so It will effect tho,
freedom of. Ireland. That fnlth sustained
O'Conueir when' he ;won emancipation for
Ireland ; in. 1820. . '};: '. ;
Burdens Are Being ¦Lifted;.
¦ "The burdens of Ireland are grndually
belns lifted. | She Is gaining greater free
dom and prosperity in being 1 introducod
Into the land.-. 'She awaits tho. act / of
justlc 3 that must come — homo ¦' rule— and
It will come by. morHl meana.'The -mor.M
Judgment of. tho world -will .'force Enp
land to allow Ireland : the right to'gov
ern herself. , , • " ¦,-•;'"•'.•• ' :.
"At this celebration -It is natural to.in
dulge In swect> memories. . After . so sore
u trial wohope that God will rowurd' the
Irish ration and that she; will'- be -freo
bf cnusc she has proven' herself worthy.
"It; Is well to keep up ; our Gaelic cua
tnm.M invnltliifr tlirti time, but our present
duly Is to bo "loyal* to Qod,* to our faith
and to. this country, that has always
shov;n herself to bo a friend- to Irelan'il.
• "Our ; fathers . were the sturdy f pioneers
of America, and theyvleft" to-us a great
and valued hcritaire. ., " ,' ¦ ¦ :
t'Loyalty.to'God,- loyalty " to our faith
and loynlty-'to* our country .form our
duty. and'our high privilege.'".' '•'.
: Tho close' of 'the. address was received
with hearty; cheers, and. tho j. reverend
speaker was- the. reclplcnt>of a flattering
ovRtlon. ; .- ';• ¦ .-','" *}.-¦¦ •"•¦ • .=.. , . -
The musical: programmed was! thorough
ly , enjoyed" and reflected ¦ the 'irreatest
crodit.on ull-who participated.. The pro
gramme was ; as. follows: f .:.r
Overture, "Salute 'to "Erln.'V. Stl • Paul's Or
chsatTa;' chorov "For Kreedom and'Irtlarid,',*'
Junior; choir ; ( -barl tone aolo. .George -Hegarty;
¦scprano' aolo, .•-'K.athlwn .' Mavourneen,':~-iMl»a
I.0UI0'. MeKnlzht; ;aonjr 'andr storyA St.; Paul's
Ohornl : nelect Ion*, orchestra : ¦ tenor solo, r Harry
1!.. Uowdall: a-i*rano solo,' Miss .Evelyn ¦ Man-*,
nlns: aolectiont.; orchestra: " bars' : eolo. .*"Van
ished," E. Dournlzeau; cons, "Ireland,! Love
Re\fe Father M. P. Smith, : Head of \the Paulist Fathers, v Addresses \ a
; : X .;]Large Audiencein St." Paul's Hall ;in Honor bf^St. Patrick,; Elo
quently Speaking on the Subject of> 4 'Faith and Fatherland-
Feature.of the St. Patrick's Day Par
ade at Dublin Castle.
DUBLIN. March 17.— The Duke of Con
naught, commander of the forces In Ire
land; the Duchess of Connaught, Lord
Roberts, commandcr-ln-chief of the
army;. Earl Cadogan, Lord Lieutenant of
Ireland, and Countess Cadogan, met with
a great reception at the St. Patrick's day
parade at Dublin Castle.- Many thou
sands of people witnessed the ceremony.
LONDON, .March 17.-St. Patrick's day
wa,s celebrated more generally than
usual. The Irl3h flag was flying in many
public ¦ buildings, and special services
were, held in the Catholic churches, and
the shamrock, or something representing
jit; was seen everywhere. The Irish
troops at the various garrisons were
given a day's leave. Following the pre
cedent of Queen Victoria, Queen Alexan
dra sent tho battalion of Idah Guards on
at the Tower of London a large
quantity of shamrocks, which were dls
'trlbuted to tho men at parade . Jhls
¦morning. ¦
NEW YORK, March 17.— St. Patrick's
tlaywas observed In this city by special
services In all Roman Catholic churches
by a parade and by a number of dinners.
:The parade contained 13,000 men. the line
pt march being up Fifth nvenue. and In
cluded the Sixty-ninth Regiment, Na
tional Guard, the First Regiment of
Irish Volunteers and the Hibernian
Rifles., acting as escort to the Ancient
Order of Hibernians. ¦
¦•.OqDEN, Utah, March 17.-Ocden. in
celebrating the commencement of work
on the OgUen-Lucln. or • what 1 la
now known a» the Harrlmaa cut
oft a on a » th ?> Cental - Pacific. has
made St. Patrick's, day, an event
of crreat importance. . ., The city, wan "n
cala attire, a, parade, speaking, a bar
becuo for ihousanda and other . attrac
tions affording enjoyment.
PEOPLE CHEEB LOKD "BOBS.
CELEBEATIOIT ENDS SUDDENLY
the .people of- Ireland, and. said that many
moral lessons and teachings could be
taken from the' efforts of .the saint in
whose honor the Irish race was that day
gathered together. • - ¦
The musical service included Marzo's
mass by the choir and an offertory solo
by. William- O'Brien •
the ladies of Mountain View at 1 o'clock.
County President M. Farrell presided as,
Toastmaster. Toasts were responded to
by many, including State 'President
Franklin Conklin. After the dinner there
were Irish songs,, ballads and recitations,
with a parade, participated in. by the di
visions of San -Jose and the Mountain
View organization.
¦¦¦¦¦'... ¦ * ¦ ¦' . i . ?& _,: '¦¦...:- 1 -
Tribute Is Paid to the Irish Nation for Stead
fast Adherence to the Principles "of Its
Faith Despite Long .Years of Persecution
.'¦ ¦ •' ¦ ; ' • - . ' ' -'•»:.
SCENE 'AT ST. PAUL'S HALL, TWENTY-NINTH AND CHURCH
* STREETS, AND THE SUPERIOR OF THE PAULIST FATHERS OF
CALIFORNIA, WHO ADDRESSED THE VAST GATHERING THERE.
In all quarters of the city flags tearing
\he harp of Erin y.-ere seen floating in the
freeze, while sprigs of shamrock and
fcrttn colors : were displayed by thou
sands of men, women and children.
The celebration was also signal! :ed by
choice musical and literary .pfogrimmes
ren^erfd at gatherings in many parishes,
one- of the most, important being that
held in the evening at St. Paul's Hall,
iv.tnty-ninth and church 'streets, under
the auspices of Kev. Father M. D. Con
nolly, rector of St. Paul's Church, as>
Eifeted by • the clergy. ¦. • . .
A brilliant address was delivered at this
gratherins . by the Very Hev. father M.
.f. Smith, C. P. S.. head of the 1'auhst
Order on the Pacific Coast.
Archbishop Riordan officiated at the
services heid in the morning at Si. Pat
rick's Church, where a choice musical
pi'qgr&mme' was rendered.
A. large congregation met at Stl Bren
<?&ri's church, Fremont . and Hi.rrison
streets, to listen to a sermon preached in
the . fj at lie tongue by Rev. Father ' SL
Concannon of btockton, and the jiervice
or sonjr..'
There was a large attendance i 1 the
morning at the service at the Catl.edral,
which was conducted by Rev. O. A.
Karam. assisted by Rev. E. P. Detapsev.
Hev. Jerome B. Hanigan delivered . ' an
eJixiuont . sermon on St. Patrick.
Musical and literary exercises were
held morning and evening at the Alham
bra Theater.
All. the addresses delivered at the vari
ous gatherings were eulogistic of St.
."trick and the country. and race lie led
from the darkness of superstition irto thfr
l:gnt of the cross. The day's celebration
was generally declared ta be one of the
racst successful ever held in this • .jity.
.: Eloquent Words of Paulist. •
Spacious as is the seating capacity of
St. Pa til's Hall, at Twenty-ninth and
Church streets. It was far "too szni.U to
accommodate the vast crowds tha:- de
sired to" be- present last evening at the
grand celebration of the feast of St. Pat
rick, herd by- the" clergy and 'parts h'.oner3
of St. Paul's parish.
The fact that Rev. Father M. P. F.mlth.
superior of the Paulist Fathers of Cali
fornia, wasJ to deliver an address drew
citizens from all parts of the city, and
tne love that the members of St. Paul's
parish bear for their pastor, Rev. Father
M. D. Connolly, made the gathering one
of the most successful ever held Jn re
ligious circles In San Francisco.
Long before the hour set for the open
ing, or the doors of the hall hundreds of
men, women and children besieged the
box office, all eager to secure ticket for
the celebration. . *¦• • • ¦ r.:
¦ When every seat in the big hall had
been taken Father Connolly, in or.lei- that
none might be 1 disappointed; - provided
seats on the platform for late-comere.. and
even then many were unable to secure
aflalEsion. -. - .. . -• < • '. ¦
A very pleasing musical programme had
been arranged by Rev. Father C. E.
Kennedy, assistant pastor of the parish,
-and the rendition of tuneful Irish
by soloists, chorus and' orchestra ¦ was
greatly enjoyed by the vast, audience. .
The. address of Rev. Father Smith was
a masterly treatment of the subject of
"Faith, .and- Fatlverlandr" - and - the -rev
erend speaker was frequently greeted with
loud applause.
Presents Father Smith.
> Rev. Father Connolly, In introducing
the speaker of the evening, said: "Ladies
aad Gentlemen: It Is very appropriate
lor the address to bs delivered nere this
evening by a member of the Pauiist
Fathers of California and It is with the
greatest pleasure that I present to you
itev. Fatner Smith, the superior of the
order. It is appropriate for Father t-mitn
to speak to us to-night and deliver, tfce
St. Patrick's day oration.' St, Patrick was
tiie greatest of missionaries, and Father
Einlth belongs to an order devoted to mis
sionary work. St. Patrick modeled ¦ his
life after St. Paul, so it is fitting that' a
member cf the St.. Paul Society should de
liver a lecture in St. Paul's Church. . I
hope that ere many, more celebrations 0?
St. Patrick's day-,vcome . around we
will be in our new church. The Paulist
Fathers have always been our frienfls,
and It was in this parish that they held
their first mission before finding a per- j
manent home. . It. is with the greatest!
pleasure that I Introduce to* you*.- Rev.
Father Smith of the PauliGt Fathers.'.* •
The reverend superior of. the Paulist
Fathers was given an ovatlon.when he
advanced to the front of the. platform;
and when the cheering had -subsided he
saH In part: "-~ ' ~ »; : ,- .
"Ladies and Gentlemen and Reverend
Fathers: ¦ It has ever, been the custom'
older than civilisation to -set apart cer
tain days In memory of tne illustrious
dead. Such days are.xifr world-wide Im
portance, for they jrive character to
epochs of time. This the Catholic church
recognizes, and It Is a part of the prac
tical blending of doctrine with example.
Bsward of Bighteousness.
'-"These who embrace morality and di
vine truths the church puts as her chil
dren and saints before us. She shows us
how taints, men and women as we are,
have risen by the power of grace. She
shows us how they lived and tollowed the
example of our Lord.
"As one star differs from another star In
the multitude of the system, so do the
feaints. But none shine more glorious than
that of our blessed St. Patrlcjt. His many
years of unceasing toil, his work on. be
half of the lrleh people, make him a
bright planet in the galaxy of constella
tions.
"We see him before the assembled
Princes of Tara and leading his captives
on to Christ. We see, him on the green
' liills of Erin, during the sixty years of his
life, bringing tidings of peace to the peo
ple. VVh<-n worn out by hia labors, we* be
hold him when he lay down In the abbey,
surrounded by hl« -faithful followers,
bl«*lnr lh»m for generations "to come.
!^ ie .. left , tbem a Priceless heritage that
will live forever. His children for his
cake ehall remain forever. When the sym
bol of the cross flrst appeared in Rome
all men of that empire joined to destroy
the religion of Christ, ilen had to.prac
tice their religion of Christ In the cata
combs of Rome. But It was not so in
Ireland. Christianity was openly pro
fesrrd there, while In other countries
blood whs shed In torrents. Jn IrHtind
the people welcomed St. Patrick "• and he
found them lovers of truth and uprlcht
nf»n. He found a welcome for truth
wherever he went In that land., • ¦ .
Once Taught the World. .
"It is bard to imagine that unhappy Ire
land once /aught the entire world. When
the Goth, and Saxon were ' d<*va*tatJn*
wide areas of the countries of Europe,
when the Hun and the Finn wcre'onRaged
in the work of .destruction.-. Ireland wan
welcoming and training the servants of
f.hrist and sendlng'them forth to spread
the truth nnd light of the true religion.
"That planting has not been uprooted
by centuries of.pereecutlon. In every part
of the world the faith and' fidelity of St
Patrick have been spread by' tho Irish'
race. Rich harvests and new fields have
been won to Christ by this wonderful ucv.
pie of Ireland. '.-• • ¦ * "
/'The^Irlsh people present a. unique spec-' 1
tacle. They do not own their land, but i
by divine right they arc the Possessors of
Ireland and ever will be. Oppressed for
centurion, yet this ' nation has never
merged Jts name and Identity trlth that of
a,' near and power! ul conquering nation
- :"Whencc comes this fidelity. tolt«clf
and what is the secret by which Ireland
withstood the oppression of centuries?
.Why haa Ireland won fcr herself the sym
pathy ofall who love justice?
"The answer Is In the • f aUfciPf 'St: Pat- '
/ 0^^ T. PATRICK'S Day, was gener
jTJ^ ally observed In the city yester-
day. In honor of the patron
» .7*^ saint «f Ireland special services
* were held in the various Cfitho
. .r*. .Uc' churches in the morning.
CONVENTION of Irish-Araeri-
A can societies gathered at the
/% Alhambra Theater yesterday af
/ ifo ternoon to celebrate St. Pat-
JL JbL rick's day. It was a truly rep
resentative meeting: of friends,
priests and laymen, old folks from the
Emerald Isle .and their children, born on
American soil.
Plaintive and ever beautiful Irish melo
dies were rendered by sweet voices, and
the dances, to the real old Irish Jig music,
went with a dash that siet the feet of the
assemblage in quick and lively accompa
niment.
• After an introductory overture of popu
lar Irish airs the president of the day, J.
S. McCormick, delivered the opening ad
dress, In which he cordially welcomed the
united Irish societies of the city at tho
festival to Ireland's patron saint. It was
' a day when all over the world the chil
dren of Ireland gathered to tell of their
glories of the past and their measure of
progress at the present time. . In speaking
of the wrongs done to Ireland and her
hopes he said it was not necessary to re
cite her sorrows, but they should turn
their faces to achievements In the future
—that which had to be done against the
tyranny of the British, and in this respect
the speaker reminded his hearers of tho
two years of war that had been waged
against the Boers.
Condemns Statesmen.
He condemned Lord Salisbury and
Chamberlain, and also Lord Rosebery. at
one time Gladstone's lieutenant, for con
curring with those statesmen in their po
sition as it affected Ireland. Every ono
of the Irish nation hoped to realize a
united Ireland.'
¦ The address < was warmly applauded
throughout and the president was the re
cipient Of a handsome medal as a souve
nir of St. Patrick's day and the esteem in
which he !a held by the united societies.
The Rev. P. C. Yorke also spoke.
Afternoon Programme. '
The programme was as follows:
Overture, popular Irish airs, orchestra; open
ing address, -J. 8. McCormick, president, of the
day; vocal solo (a) "Mo Bre'dhen Bawn
Ashtore." <b) "Savourneen Dheeliah." . Miss
Daisy Keen?: double Irish hornpipe and jig.
Miss Pearl Hlckman and Miss Bessie Allen;
grand chorus, (a) "St. Patrick's" Day In the
Morning," (b) "Boys of Wexford," Gaelic Cho?
ral Society ;# overture, popular American airs,
orchestra: recitation, "A Story of 'OS." T. Vf.
Hickey; cornet solo, "Klllarney," Mlas Irene
Franklin: vocal solo, (a) "The Rapparees." (b)
"The Memory of the Dead." Professor S. J.
Sandy; four-hand reel (In costume), Gaelio
Dancing School; song In Gaelic. "The Snowy
Breasted Pearl." Jeremiah Deasy, accompanist
Miss F. X. Barr; double Irish hornpipe and jig.
Professors O'Connor and Kelleher; vocal solo,
(a) '.'The Roving Peddler." (b) "The Little Red
Lark." Miss K. Black: high e»ul cap (in cos
tume), ladies and gentlemen of Gaelic Dancing
School; xylophone solo, Irish melodies, orches
tra; grand chorus by members of Gaelic Choral
Society. The entertainment concluded with
"God Save Ireland" by the audience.
Officers of the convention — J 1 . S. McCormick,
president; T. P. AUord and Miss Josephine Dil
lon, vice presidents; George J. Lowe.- recording
secretary; M. J. Coatello, financial secretary;
Jeremiah Deasy. treasurer.
•...Executive committee — Rev. Peter C. York*?,
president; George J. Lowe, secretary: F. J.
Kierce, P. A. Buckley. Rev. J. F. Nugent, Rev.
E. M. O'Looney, J. J. Canjffe. Rev. P. J 4
Keane, T. J. Kenny, - Rev. P. S. Casey; T. L.
Clancy, T. P. CDowd. Colonel T. F. Barry, M
J. Hesslon, C. J. Collins. Patrick Flanagan.
R. O'DrlscolL John Mulhern. M. Casey. M.
McDermott, John J. O'Brien. Jchn O*Gara.
John Hennessy. James Smith,. Captain T. J.
ilellott. J. P. Kelleher.
Auditing committee— ¦William Mulvtn. Rev.
Charles McMaaon* j. j. Donohoe.
The entertainment at the Alhambra in
the evening was somewhat similar to that
given in the_ afternoon, cne main differ
ence being the selections of me musical
programme. The house wa3 crowded
from floor to ceiling.
It was the concluding exercises of a
successful and memorable St. Patrick's
day festival.
Songs of Erin were rendered with feel-
Ing, and choruses dear to the sons and
daughters of Ireland were given with pa
triotic fervor.
The singing of "God Save Ireland" by
the Gaelic Choral Society was one of the
features of the musical part of the pro
gramme, and the vocal solos, "An Irish
Love Song" and "The Banks of tha
Daisies." beautifully rendered by Miss
Annie Rooney, elicited loud applause and
an encore was demanded. "Wearing of
the Green" and "The Harp That Once
Through Tara's Halls" were sriven with
remarkable feeling and expression by the
Gaelic Choral Society. J. C. Hughes sang
"The "West's Asleep" and "My Colleen
Rue" with a tenderness mat aroused tha
sympathies of the vast assemblage.
Professors O'Connor and Kelleher, al
ways welcome performers, once more
danced themselves Into the arood graces of j
every on*, and the overture by the or
chestra. "Memories of Ireland," vividly
brought up romantic recollections of tha
old land.
'•The musical programme. Indeed, was
capitally chosen and was in every sense
faultless.
. Resolutions Adopted.
Before the audience dispersed Colonel '
T. Barry presented the following resolu
tions, which were adopted with rousing
cheers: ¦ .
Whereas. It i» the custom of the Irish so
cieties of San Francisco to hold each year a
Joint celebration of St. Patrick's day, and
Whereas, It is fitting 1 that on such occasion
wo should express our opinion on the great
questions that concern cur, race; now. there
fore, be It
Resolved, first — That we stand by that an
cient and truly national declaration that Ire
land Is of right and ought to b» an (depend
ent nation, with her. own government of her
own people and for her ownbintAt.
. Second— That it U th« duty of all Irishmen.
at home and- abroad, to keep thla before their
•y«s as th« chief end of thefr striving, and
to remember that experience has shown that
they alono are worthy to be free who are win
ing to fight to obtain and to also maintain
tbelr freedom.
Third— That everything which turns away
the minds of the Irish at home from their
own country Is derlmental . to tha best Inter
ctts of the race and la provocative of the curs*
of emigration under which our motherland la
slowly waiting away.
¦ Fourth — That In the revival of the Gaells
tongue and the programme of the Gaelic League
we recogntzn a most efficient Instrument In
keeping th* Irish true to their nationality, and
wt comm«nd,th« movement to our brethren in
this country.
Distrust University's' Action.*
• Fifth — That we view with distrust the action
of the Washington Unlvcmlty toward the IrUh
chair and we recommend to the Ancient Order
of Hibernian* such action a*, may b« wise
In pmuetlng-th« good name of Dr. tl«nehry
and th« rl*ht« of th# donor*, of. the chair, and
w« pirilgn our support to the Ancient Order of
Hibernians In this can*.'
Sixth — That w» Mnd go.i(.n.«.,t to th«* ioldl«rs
of ike finuth African Republic and of thu
Orange Fr*«-KtAto and congratulate them on
their magnificent atand a«aln»t Britinh tyran
ny, on their. uneon<i''era.bl« endurance and on
th«lr glorious victories. an/1 we thank God that
i hit nrovtdcnce haa twirmlttaU to mankind thla
new example of th« vnlua men should place on
liberty and tho itcrlncn they ahould m&k* to
•uitaln It.
Seventh— That w« call on the American peo»
pl« who are by thetr cttiarnahlp consecrated to
liberty so to exprew their opinions that th*
American Government may recognta* that Jt
la ltd, duty before God. Its obligation to hu
manity. lt» cemmlMlon frcm thoso who giv<»
It authority »o to Interfere In thla struggl*
that the world may know that Americana still
love liberty 'nrid are determined that ao much
suffering endured by th« Boer* ahall not hav«
been vnln and that In Smith Africa a govern
ment of the people, by. the peopto and for th9
peonl* fhall nqt perish .from the earth . ¦
The Introductory remarku of the «ven-
Ing were delivered by J. S. McCormick.
Rev. P. • C. Yorke also spoke.
Archbishop Riordan and Governor Oaro
sent. letters conveying their regreta that
they were unable to attend
Patriotic : Gatheings
Listen to MubiC
-^and Oratory.
Crowd Assembles to
Hear Lyrics of
Old ErinV"
GREEN FLAG
OF OLD ERIN
IN EVIDENCE
SONGS, DANCES
AND ORATORY
BIG FEATURES
IMPRESSIV E SERVICES ARE HELD THROUGHOUT
THE CITY IN HONOR OF IRELAND'S PATRON SAINT
THE^S&N*;^
2
.Thee," .Master James McNamara: recitation,
"Bells of Kenmare." Master Albert Dooley;
comical Irish song. Master John Ryan.;
The. committee Of. ' arrangements was
as. follows: , . . • . ; . .
¦ Rev. M: D.- Connolly, honorary chairman; th<>
Rev. .C. K. Kennedy, president! - R. ' S. Shep
ston.vJ. H.Rellly, Charles WMIey'and Charles
Glllogley.Continued from Page One.
FRESNO, March; 17.— A mass. meeting
[Of raisin* growers was, held to-day. .A. M
.Drew;. waa i authorized ¦ and directed to'ap
|pclnt-a* ; committee • to audit -the '.books ' of
the Raisin G rowers'. Association. A mo
tion « to" : close ; the ; affairs '¦ of the •associa
tion''on 1 April: 7;, was; supported by Presi
dent' Kearney^- and 1 defeated ..by a decisive
vote.'j..." ¦'..¦': -,'.•) .i-.-;:\ ;;'¦¦'¦-' '¦¦; ¦ .-
The. report" of * the committee of eleven'
appointed : at the ~ last 1 meeting • ,to con-
Bldor the . packing scheme < suggested by
President^ Kearney • made Its report.. Ten
of; the v members, signed a s report: adverse
to ",the. project,", while. Kearney, who"wa^
the other, 1 member 'of- the . committee,' su>
mitted a : minority. • report i in 1 favor •> of ' It,
The majority report: was unanimously
adopted.'- ;> X^XS^^P^WB^i&QBO^SHStStffi'C
•jCharges -against President. Kearney ; In
regard ' to .his - relation • with' the ¦ packeru
werei preferred, 'and 'in- the midst of the
debate. 'Kearney .-left, the; hall.YAs he
pa«sed";'out. he \was "'hooted' by' many of
the growers. >
Members Is Held in
, ; Fresno. ¦
Torrid-Mass' Meeting' of Association
BAISIN-GROWEES HOOT } • ;
tog£BS8S$jfci PRESIDENT : KEARNEY
holding any interest in foreign ships en
gaged inthe ocean carrying trade.
,BILIi FINALLY PASSED. . . •
:<• Hanna also offered an' amendment pro
viding thati no : foreign-built ship in any
line . acquired by United- States citizens
shall be admitted hereafter - to American
registry. This amendment was agreed to
— 43 to 28. -.¦:; "¦- ¦'•»'.' ' . - - : J- : :¦'
Money: of . ¦¦ Mississippi proposed , an
amendment' striking out all of the part of
, the bill providing • for . the encouragement
of the deep sea fisheries. It was rejected—
,25 to-46.".-' y -. -• ¦ t ¦" ' - ;¦¦ :"¦¦ I'. ¦;--.! /-:¦
. The bill was then reported to' the < Sen
¦ ate.. ; . !•¦''.' ' ',•'. .' ¦.' '¦¦ -\ " ' -¦ ;:
. Aldrich of Rhode Island demanded -a
separate .vote on ithe amendment 'of ¦ Pet
tus , limiting -the » total expenditure j under
thejbillin'any.one year to $9.000.00J..-,.v ;:»
.. An ¦- amendment sto'the -amendment ¦ by
Bacon limiting the amount of the annual
expenditure to $3,000,000 was rejected. The
amendment was then rejected— 30
to 42:/ ; -. • ,-^/v. A".-> ¦- " '¦",¦¦: • ;¦ ¦¦'¦ ¦. ¦•¦
"Cockrell. of ' Missouri demanded a sepa
rate'.vote on Hanna's' amendment provid
ing .that -nothing In;. this -act -should be
construed to' prevent "American citizens
from acquiringj-holding andoperatlns any
foreign .; steamship lines. The amendment
was adopted-r42 to 30.. ... . :
< The bill- then was passed, 42 ; to' 81, the
detailed, vote, being:,- > /;¦ ;
VAycs— Aldrlch. Bard, .Beveridge. i Burnham'
Ourrowa. '.nurton. Clark (Wyo.). Cullom • De
boe.fDepcw.-. Dietrich. ¦ Dryden. Elkins Fair
banka.' Foraker. -Fotterj(Waah«),' Frye, Gallln
ger,. Gamble. Hale,' Hanna;' Hansbrough ilaw
iIcy, i, Hoar, Jones (New), ; Kean, \ Kearns, ; l Kltt
redne.^ McComas. McCumber, 1 McLaurin (8 C )
i McMillan," vMason.X' Mitchell, Nelaon, Penroso
Perkins,' Platt (Conn.),); Scott, '.Warren, Well
.linRton, Wetmorc — 42,, :• , f ¦¦¦. ./.-• , ;, ,,i
, 'Noes— Allison, '..Bacon, Bailey.' Bate; 'Berry'"
Blackburn. Carmack."/ Clark (Mont.). >ciav-
Cockrell.'i Culberson,'. Ulllln(5ham,%Dolliver . Du
holn,.! Koeter^da.). ;CJ!baon, r Hnrrls.!- Hel'tfeld"*
Mcl.nurln (Mies.);- Mallory, - Martin, tf. Money';
ratter«on.'>Pettu», Pmrtor,' Quarlen^Rawllns''
Spooner,' Tallaferro, /feller, <.Ve8tt7.il. . ,
• ; The Senate at 5:55 p. "m. adjourned.'
. NEW YORK, March 17.— The following
Cahforhlans are in New York:- .
From San Francisco— L. . G. Carpenter,
at the Continental; Mrs. S. Cooper, at the
Vendome: R. H. Hugg. at the Park Ave
nue; W. Kidston." at the Albemarle; S.
Kohn, at. the Imperial: A: A. Leyl.at the
Herald-square; Misses Meyer and 3 J. :< H.'
Meyer at the Manhattan; T. E.' Shucking:
and wife, at the Navarre; S. Simon, at the
Savoy; ft.>A. Briggs, at the Normandie.; "
Calif ornians.' in 1 New York:
BUFFALO. N. .Y., March 17.— Frank
Erne, .the lightweight cha'mpion, put an
effective damper, on the championship as
pirations of Curley Supples, a local boxer
of ; some '-, cleverness," .before • the Interna
tional Club at. Fort Erie to-night, knock
ing Supples out in the sixth round. Erna
fought- in: a .- different .. style ¦'¦> than usual,
keeping .close to his ,raan | and showing • a
desire to . mix 'and - rough It. • Supple?
fought creditably, and in the third 'round
almost" sent Erne, to the floor with a left
uppercut. ¦;. Erne - was . perceptibly jarre"d
and .fought blindly: for a moment, f but
soon regained his senses. As. Supples was
rushingin an attempt to score a knock
out. Erne tcaught-him with a right cross
that' sent 'him snrawllng. 7 - • • '/
Supples, just manaered . to weather the
round : because of his hugging and Erne's
¦.weakness.? In -the fifth round Erne crowd
ed his man all about the -ring, and weak
ened him with - left-hand j punches in the
stomach* and stinging jabs to the face.
In the sixth, ; as 'Supples rushed.in Erne
crossed 'with his: ri-jht inside of his lead
and sent-hlm flat: on the- Hoor.'.hJs' head
striking 1 • heavily. . . He , hardly : stirred dur
ing the .'count. ,. Erne, was. much bruised
about! the 1 eyes, J while Supples ,was badly
punished • In both face and body.
ples of Buffalo in Sixth
Round. :
Frank Erne Knocks Out Curley Sup-
LIGHTWEIGHT CHAMPION V
WINS AFTER : A HARD FIGHT
. A hunt; was made for the old man's
wealth,' but none was ever. found, and tho
Incident was forgotten 'until last Satur
day, when a man named Clark, going by
the place where the old cabin had stood,
discovered a piece of , gold. He began
looking around and found a lot more, and,
after- digging for several hours, he count
ed up and found he had nearly J1700.- He
hauled the dirt home in a wheelbarrow,
and from pne load panned out more than
1400..- A 'big crowd. has since been at work
digging up the. ground aroand the cabin
site, looking for more of the treasure.
The place is, now partly . covered by, a
powder house' of. the Utica Company,
which. owns the ground where the gold
was found. ¦'¦-. ¦ V . ' •
. ANGELS CAMP, March n.-A rich find
made~on Saturday "a Half mile" below An
gels Camp, recalls a.' murder, committed
thirty^flve i years ago. : - At that- time a
man named Figucro kept a little trading
station on- what is now the Utlca mining
property,' but was then a lonely spot in a
forest; He made a living by buying gold
dust from the Indians and always had a
lot of it on hand. One night a gang of
robbers: went to. his place, bound .the old
man and .tortured him in an attempt to
compel him to tell where he had his gold
hidden. At last ho told them; where to
rind a. portion of the gold. They took It
and departed. The' next morning their
victim died'from the effects of the torture.
Special Dispatch to The CalU
• ¦;•¦' Recalls ¦ AwiurCrim^e I
""* bf/Robbefs. : : r
FINDS MURDERED
MAN'S TREASURE
Spooner of Wisconsin offered an nmehd
ment reserving to Congress the right to
amend or repeal the- act. not;: however.
L m P al £iu S any -contract.' made under ¦ th^
bill.. 1 he amendment was agreed to. ¦'¦;,- .- -:
¦ McComas of Maryland reoffereda part
of the. amendment of, Vest .applying >lhe
provisions of the ;> anti-trust law to. the
ships. benefited; by the proposed subs'dy
but It was rejected— 31 to 39. " > / ,
offered an amendment providing
that no foreign-built ship should,, receive
any part, of the', proposed- subsidy under
this ; act. v. It i was nKreerlno,; ae .was ¦> an
other, amendment ".'by vHanna ¦ providlnR
that nothing in the pending bl.l, should
be construed to . prcvcnt'an American - cit
izen orf citizens from contracting, for, or.
Patterson's amendment; providing that
novesselemploying in Its crew any Chi
nese person not entitled to admission to
the United States shall receive any part
of the subsidy was rejected— 39 to 41 " -
¦ An amendment offered- by Mallory pro
viding that no vessel should recelvo any
subsidy, until the managing owner had
filed an affidavit with the Secretary of
the. Treasury, declaring that.no one own
ing an Interest: in the ship had been ' a
party during the previous .'twelve months
to any 'combination In restraint of ocean
trade was rejected— 26 to 48. : • ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦
.Culbersorr of, Texas offered an amend
rnent;providin K for ,i remodeling of sub
sidized vessels with respect to their us>
an crulsew." , Ft was 'rejected-
- . An amendment by of Arkansas
excluding oil tank steamers from partici
pating In' the. -subsidy was rejected — 25 to
45, as were amendments offered by Berry
providing that- freight, and passenger
rates of subsidized vesels should be fixed
by the Interstate Commerce Commission;
providing that no ¦ port, ' shipper or com
modity: should be discriminated against
by a subsidized vessel, and to strike out
the general subsidy provision of the bill.
Pettus of Alabama offered an amend
ment providing that the total expenditure
under the bill should not exceed $9,000,000
in. any one'year... It was agreed to— 44
to 22. - .-¦' . . •• - • ,.
Bacon of Georgia offered an amendment
providing that one-fourth of the amount
allotted, to ocean mail. pay be reserved for
the establishment- . of lines running- to
South American ports. It was rejected—
25 to 44. . ¦
An amendment by . Allison providing
that steamers which- during their trials
have not obtained a minimum . speed of
eight knots, balf-loaded. cannot' partici
pate iiTthe proposed subsidy was adopted.
An. amendment by McLaurin of M.ssls
sippi providing that contracts made un
der the bill shall give the names of the
firms or the stockholders of the corpora
tions with which contracts are made was
rejected— 25 to 45. ...
ALLISON'S VIEW UPHELD.
. Noes— Aldrlch, Bard. Beveridge, Burnham,
Burrowe, Burton', Clark (Wyo.), Dcboe, Depew,
Dietrich, Dryden, Fairbanks, Foraker, Foster
<Wa*h.). Frye. Gallinger. Gamble, Hale, Hanna,
HanSbrough. Hawley, Hoar. Jones <Nev.),
Kean. Kerns. Klttredge. McMillan, Mason,
Mitchell, Nelson, Penrose. Perkins. Platt
(Conn.). Quarlcs, Scott, Wellington, Wet
more — 37. . j • - . " .
Ayes — Allison, Bacon, Bailey. Bate. Berry,
Blackburn. Carmack, Clark • (llont.). Clay.
Cockrell. Culberson, Cullom. Dllllngham. Dol
llver .DuboiB, -Gibson. Harris, Heitfeld. McCo
mas. McLaurin (Miss.). McLaurin <S. C), Mal
lory, Martin, ¦ Money. Patterson, Pettus.' Proc
tor, Rawllns, Spooner, Teller,
Vest. Warren — 33. .'
Allison offered another amendment pro
viding that a vessel entitled to full com
pensation under the mail subsidy features
of the pending bill shall clear from a
United States port with at least 50 per
cent of her commercial cargo capacity
filled. It was rejected, 33 to 37, as follows:
- Another amendment by Allison, provid
ing that all vessels entering into a con
tract under this act shall be of class A 1,
was agreed to without division. , -
The amendment- by Allison limiting the
expenditure under the bill to $5,000,000 a
year until July 1, 1907, and after that date
to $8,000,000 a year also was agreed to.
Allison ' then offered several' amend
ments. Those limiting the operation of
contracts made under tho bill to July 1,
1920. and providing that the Postmaster
General should/make no contracts after
July 1, 1910, were agreed to without di
vision. . . - ..'"-•...-' . .
•Teller of Colorado offered • an amend
ment admitting to American registry for
eign built vessels of not lees than .7000
tons and capable of a speed of 12 knots.
that now clear from American ports and
of which 1 90 per cent is owned by Ameri
can citizens— such. ships to receive no sub
sidy under' this act. The amendment was
defeated, 24 to 47.
Another 'amendment offered by Vest,
providing that any vessel purchased In a
foreign country by citizerisof the. United
¦States shall be. admitted- to the United
States coastwise trade was rejected by
the same vote... ir/_ .. .V. -7;: r '.-•:
,/>Vest'- then v. offered,'.' his /'.'tree ships",
amendment, 'providing that American citi
zens, may- purchase^-, vessels, where they
"carilbe'iJurchased most cheaply and have
them; registered as American ships. It
"was 'rejected, 25 to 48.
providing,, in brief," that the- provisions of
the I anti-trust law. apply to the shipping
industry .with- a view to' prevent ; a con
spiracy in restraint' of trade. The amend
ment was rejected,.25 to 48— a party vote
with the exception of McLaurin of South
Carolina, who voted with* the Republicans.
Major Rosales. who recently surrendered at
Calbayog, says that. If Lukban bad been suc
cessful In defeating the Americans in Samar.
he intended to constitute himself Emperor and
his mtnor officers Princes, under his author
.ity. thereby . placing the island under an abso
lute monarchy. Tbjp-e was no idea of Institut
ing a republican form of- government. Asked
tf be considered Lukban a patriot. Rosales said
he did not. He said that he now believed the
Americana would give the people of Samar aa
*ood a government ' as they needed. ¦ and that
-he. for that reason, as much as because of ta«
.difficulty . in obtaining supplies, -.bad surrec
deicu himself. ¦ , " . .... ...
SEATTLE. March 17.— Mail advices from
Calbayog, Samar, under date of January
2S, contain the following:
LTJKBAN HOPED TO BE
• EMPEB.0R OF SAM AH
• The cowardly murder of these men while !n
the custody of the : law : was • a crime so atro
cious in its nature that the honor of this State
has been, indelibly tarnished and ¦ can only be
vindicated by a stern and uncompromising pros
ecution of its perpetrators. , '. .
A brief resume' of the trial* of James
Brown and his ttnal acquittal,' which ar»;
fresh, in the public; mind, forms-,an-lm
portant part of the- communication. The
expenses of the -trial, as Incurred by the
Attorney General's ..office -are given -a3
$3924, for which 'J an appropriation is re
quested. .. The .hostility of. the press of
Modoc -County, meets unfavorable com
ment., It-Is asserted on the -authority of
Judge Harrington and the State's officers
that another; attempt to punlHh the ac
cused men- wpuld. be of. no avail should
the trial be conducted in Modoc County.'
Attorney General' Ford says that a spe
ciaj session of the Legislature would be
warranted, in order that laws'- might -be
enacted -which would Insure a -proper- trial
for the men now In confinement at Altu
ras on the charge >ot 'complicity • In ,th.?
lynching. Two legislative remedies are
suggested. The first .Is to legalize th«
summoning of trial Jurors from adjacent
counties, and the second to make it law
ful for the prosecution to obtain a change
of venue. .The Supreme Court of the
State has held that the Legislature is
without the constitutional authority 'to
make' the latter provision. In view of this
fact the Attorney General -suggests that
the question be submitted to the, people at
the ¦: next gubernatorial election, and an
extra session of the Legislature would bo
necessary to maker this possible; It' is
said that a special appropriation for | th*
employment of counsel would be neces
sary. , ' .
The Attorney, General says that he feels
that the cases' should not be allowed to
drop, as there is ample- evidence against
the, accused. In closing he says:
The circumstances ¦', of the murder.' of
Calvin Hall, his "' three sons and Daniel
Yantis at Lookout, •! Modoc County, on
May 31, 1901, are .reviewed :-at length by
the Attorney General. The manner in
which his ofttce was brought Into the case
through the efforts of Judge Harrington
of' Modoc County -is explained, and- tne
public sentiment ; of the county, aganst
the prosecution set.forth. Attorney Gen-'
eral Ford gives an account of the work;
accomplished by Assistant Attorney Gen
eral Post and Deputy^Attorney 'General:
Sturtevant, and explain*. the need. of, em-'
ploying Detectives ; ffh«£has Gibson _ and
Eugene Thacker, whefee-Servlces, together
with those of Daniel MlUcr,.who was rQ
puted to be Post's bodyguard, ard Dis
trict Attorney Boyd of-- Lassen: County,
who assisted- the prosecution, • are highly
commended.-; ¦• ¦¦> :
'Attorney General Tirey L..Pord sent an
open letter to Governor Gage yesterday
explaining how .the State met' defeat In
the prosecution 1 of the Lookout lynching
suspects and 'suggesting -a means .by.
which | thev guilty . persons' might; yet be
punished. -.;.*.'.,.-.¦,, "'Li ,•<¦ ....-'¦. .
Letter to the • Governor.
Attorney General Ford .Sends -Open
WANTS LYNCHERS PUNISHED.
Wittier alleges that Postmaster Coyne
reduced many, other men 'in/the servlcu
on political grounds," . seven of them be
ing Democrats and tho men appointed to
succeed • them being Republicans. The
complaint also charges that this action
was , taken in the Interest of the can-
Senator Mason for re-election.
S Coyne,- In reply, alleges the action ta
ken-against Wittier was due to lack of
.harmony at .the- station, where he was
superintendent,* and that he was person
ally repugnant to the, oth<;r employes ami
-was dismissed on account of Insubordi
nation and disobedience. J The commission
will Investigate.* -
. that, he ha3 made changes In the
Chicago Postofflce for political reasons.
The complaint Is made by T/ W. .Wittier.
formerly superintendent of a station of
the Chicago postofflce, who specifies that
he-was reduced from that position,' pay-
Ing $2000 per annum, to mailing clerk at
$1100,: and; that on refusing to accept the
change he was dismissed. He says this
action was due : to his being a Democrat.
>^S HICAGO. March 17.— Charges have
/f X been filed with the Civil Service
W Commission against - Postmaster
F. E. Coyne of' Chicago, alleging
CHICAGO POSTMASTER jj WHO IS
ACCUSED OF VIOLATING THE
• RULES OF THE CIVIL SERVICE.
. ALTURAS;'"March;-.17.~Thi8'. being tho
day.' cet" for the' preliminary, hearing, of
the eight men— B.-- 8/ .Trowbridge v"and
his son Orrln, £ r red Roberts and ; his eon
Harryr ! Joe " Leventon,- Dick * Nichols.
Claude Marcus and . J. .R.V Myers, charged
with complicity In the Lookout, lynch
ing, •" the suspects' ./were.' arraigned be
fore : Superior v Judge ; -Harrington,"' acting
*as; a"maglstralc,.,thls •morning. . They had
been, held on' warrants issued from ;*tlvi
Superior . Court,, but. were, not" Indicted', by
the Grand Jury. ; Judge -Harrington ,reart
the complaints,^ against ' each defendant,
then dismissed .the charges. There.werc
live accusations of 'murder, against each
defendant, and each charge - was sep
arately dismissed. • ". ;. • .. ¦
When the men > were released. from cus
tody there was .a cheer in" the court
room and they were surrounded by
frontiersmen eager.. to extend,congratula
tions. ' General good feeling prevailed-: In
Alturas. to-day. The eight men are mak
ing arrangements, to . return* to; their
homes at Lookout, .the scene -of : the
"The {superior Court; was -called and ad
journed until 10 o'clock morn
ing, at which time a motion to. admit., to
bail the other defendants now.-in jail will
be heard. It- ls> generally .believed' they
will either be admitted; to ball- or turned
loose.' • '.' f-' • ¦ - *
The lndlctmcnfagainst Judge - G.< F.
Harris for assault; with a. deadly weapon
upon the person of .George 'M.-Gleason
was read and -the 'hearing set;<-for
Wednesday. • , '.'•..' •
'• - t. ''¦'¦.'¦' ¦ ' '', * '¦•
Special' Dispatch Jo (The, Call. 1 v
Originally It was a- short single 1 line
from St. Louis southwestward. but quiet
ly the Frisco line has grown until to-day
there are more- than 400 miles of railroad
under the management of President Yoa
kum. Through the recent purchase' <»f
the Oklahoma City and Western road
the system now reaches to within 3W
miles of Albuquerque. N. Hex. '
"The railroads of the East and Middle
West naturally are turning toward Calj
fornla and to San Francisco as the great
3eaport of the Pacific, through which
must enter the increasing volume of
trade with the Orient." ¦?... ¦
"I am not prepared to say' that the
Frisco system will be built to the Paclttc
Coast, but doesn't it stem natural that
a railroad bearing the name that oum
does should have an eye on San Fran
cisco?" said Yoakum to-nigbt. "Our
company was originated with the pur
pose of building to the Pacific. I have
been greatly impressed with conditions
here. It is several years since I was
on the coast, and the changes that have
taken place in that time are wonderful.
From Yuakum's statements and the
quiet activity of the Frisco system, it \&
quite probable the Frisco will be one ot
the fust of the several great railroads
headed westward to reacn the Paclttc
Coast.* 'lhere are engineers now In the
Held, running lines through New Mexico
and Arizona, and they will soon be in
California, finding a route for an entirely
new transcontinental railroad. .
LOS ANGELES, March lT.-Presldent
B. F. Ycakum of the dt. Louis and San
Francisco Railroad Company, commonly
called the Frisco, is on the Padflc Coast,
to make personal observation of Indus
trial conditions here, the result of his In
vestigations to determine whether his
railroad will be extended to the Pacltlo
Coast. Yoakum has spent several days
In the southern part of the State, and will
leave Los Angeles for San Francisco to
morrow.. there to look into the chanced
of obtaining terminals, for the plan is to
build to Sait Francisco.
¦ ¦,..,• .- ¦¦ ¦¦. •• ", ¦• ¦ .-,..-. .,
General ' Bsjoicing •• in -the ¦• Modoc
Capital Over the Failure to Pun- '
... • j . . --.,¦.•.¦¦...••¦'»..• •>«,»¦• . i ¦ ¦' >
. . . -. . ich Lookout Mob ,• ,
Surveying a Route Through
New Mexico and
Arizona.
Engineers Are Already in th« Field
Other Suspected' Men Will
Soon Be Given Their
.'.¦,'. '.;.;. ',¦' Liberty. V ".;;.' ' '/''''.,}.
Intimates That the Railway
Will Soon Extend to San
Franc'sco.
President Yoakum Now
in California Seeking
Terminals.
: ;;¦ of .Eight Alleged;!
;- ./.Lynchers.;-. ¦:,%
Gourb Orders Release
FRISCO ROAD
TO BUILD TO
THIS COAST
PRISONERS
IN ALTURAS
ARE FREED
bsrated Superintendent' Accuses Coyny. of- Violating Civil
¦ v Service Rule's I y Makirg Changes in the Interest of
the 'Candidacy of Senator . Mason >fo: Re-e!ecfon
FILES CHARGES AGAINST
THE CHICAGO POSTMASTER
BILL 10 PROMOTE THE AMERICAN MERCHANT MARINE IS PASSED
cause proper regulations to be framed for
the execution of this act.
When the ship subsidy bill was taken
up Gallinger of New Hampshire
spoke In favor of It. He said he was not
troubled about the constitutionality of
the proposed law or the charge that the
subsidy is a gift to pri\'ate interests.
"If it shall prove to be a gift," said he,
"It will be no worse tnan other legisla
tion that has had the support of some
Senators who seem to be greatly dis
crrsfed'over the pending measure." He
t hen referred to the large annual appro
priations paid Southern railroads for fast
mail, and the river and harbor appropri
ations. ' .
"The capacious and rapacious maw of
the Mississippi River will be opened,",
paid he, "and will take in millions of pub
lic money."
Pattprson of Colorado discussed briefly
his proposed amendment to prevent the
employment of Chinese seamen on sub
sidized \'esscls. He said me amendment
had the approval of the American Fed
oration of I^abor and the International
Seamen's Union. American labor has
been driven from employment on the
fhips on the Pacific Coast by Chinese
labor.
LOSS TO AMERICANS.
Money of Mississippi said It had been
• '.:¦. im*-d that the American people were
losing J36O.O00.fKiO a year because that
amount annually was paid to foreign bot
toms for carrying our commerce. A» a
fact the United States has lost nothing,
as it simply paid a reasonable rate for
services rendered. . .
Vest spoke in favor of his free ships
amendment and in support of the propo
sition to apply the anti-trust law to ship
owners who enter Into a conspiracy in
restraint of trade.
Frye declared that ten years ago Eng
land carried 63 per cent of the ocean trade
of the world, while now England carried
nnly 53 per cent of that trade. Great Brit
ain, he said, was losing the world's car
rying trade.
In response to some of the arguments
advanced Hanna spoke briefly. He in-
Fisted that it was a loss to the American
people to pay $150,000,000 or J200.OO0.O00 for
the carrying cf our foreign commerce, for
under Just laws perhaps 50 per cent of
that amount would remain In the hands
of Americans. The American merchant
marine had gone down and down until it
out a sorry figure among the nations of
the world.
In the course cf a reply to a statement
made by Hanna Clay of Georgia declared
that one per cent per gross ton was all
that was necessary to equalize the differ
ence between the cost of construction and
operation cf . American shipstand the cost
of construction and operation of foreign
vessels, yetthe bill provided for a subsidy
of uearly three cents per gross. ton. -
Wellington - favored the pending meas-;
ure, because he believed It 'would go far
toward building up Jhe American mer-'
chant marine. He thought it "good econ
omy to. build up. American manufactures
and'to encourage the upbuilding of Ameri-,
can shipping.- He, paid a high tribute* to
Frye for his- advocacy of the rehabilita
tion of the'Amerlcan merchant marine.' '.\
CKITICISMS. BY PERKINS.
Perkins of California criticized tbe'state*:
ment of Ciay *1d*reTere"nee to ;.tho * ,fi*ar
ships of the American line and sai«l. that
last year they carried^from-New-York to
ports in England $20,000,000 In- value. -of
farm products. ¦ • r ;;•';•.'"
Mcl^aurin of Mississippi made a few re
marks against the bill and Scott of West
Virginia spoke in favor of it because, he
said, it was a protective measure. •
Frye closed the debate. He was neither
physically nor mentally able to make a
speech.- he said. •
"In trying to avoid the Charybdis of
smallpox," said he. "I ran into the Scyila
of vaccination, and which is the more
painful I am unable. to determine."
By way of explanation of certain fea
tures of the bill, which he eald did not
seem to be understood, he stated that the
ordinary freight 6hip which is to receive
the subsidy is divested of all the excessive
requirements of the postal subsidy ships.
Referring to the proposition to prevent
Chinese eailors on ships, he said it would
destroy the line on the Pacific. He was
opposed to .the proposition because our
sailors are unable long to stand the'ex
cessive heat of the engines and fire
rooms.- He warned Senators favoring the
bill to look out for amendments to the
bill offered by members of the opposition.
With much deliberation, and addressing
himself to the Republican side of ' the
chamber, Frye call on them to "beware
of the Greeks when they are bringing
gifts." "-.¦.¦¦'¦¦¦
Teller interrupted to ask if Fryc would
tell what he thought of the amendments
offered by Republican Senators. . •
"Lest I would not have time. I will at
tend to that now." answered Frye, amid
much laughter. He then entered upon a
detailed analysis of the amendments
which had been offered, some of which he
had no objection to. while others he hoped
would be withdrawn.
In his closing- remarks Frye said he
would accept the amendments offered by
Allison, limiting the time of the operation
of the measure, because he believed, they
were In the interest of the bill.
VOTES WITH REPUBLICANS.
At 3 o'clock when Frye had concluded.
Vest of Missouri offered his amendment,
THE SA^TFBA^CIS(%^^L, 1902.
3
ADVEItTISEMENTS.
v -;.. '••/ One may sail the Beas nnfl visit rrrry land and evcrp\here will flnd, LH ; ' \A ' \ \ ,\ .. ;V
""•-¦¦ •'.''••¦¦.y that rocn of aflalrs, who are well Informed, have neither the time 1 1 p\ \ \ \- \ \
-/ nor the inclination, whether on pleasure bent or business, to use those H p$\ V-.y \ V v\
/ ncdirlncs which cause c=ce;slve purcatlon an«l then leave tho Internal I • ;'SA \ \ \ V \
-7 . or^sni In a consUpatea condition. Sjtup of Tl?s is not built on those H ' S| '. \ . \ \..:\...\.v
/ llnrs. It acts naturally, arts effectively, cleanses, sweetens and strengthen! J } .. \ \ ;\ \ '| r
/ the lntcraal organs ami leaves them In a healthy condition. j Vv'^A '' \ \ \ \ ¦
/ If in need of a laxative remedy tho wojt excellent Is Sj-rup of Flgs,but J. \ tf . J| ',' .^r/'li\'.'.-' v -'V .... \ . \ ," \.
I when anything moro than a laxative is required tfco safe and scientific plan I : M ; V^'v.'- \ \
/ In lo consult a competent phj-sleian and not to resort to those medicines I |.'^:v>^^V;' -V / V ,. \ •
/ which claim to cure all manner of diseases. • ... I i ' \v^v|]^^^^jS5tt^^^\ •
>>•¦./ -Tho California Fig Syrup Co. was the nrst to manufacture a laxative remedy \ , , iy. , v WsSflBMi
C ;: -./ which would Rive saUsfactlon to all; a laxative which physicians could 1 j' ¦W'*{"".A 'f)
( :y'l ranctlon and one friend recommend to another; so that today its sales probably .1 \ \ /"\ \ \ '
*l exceed all other laxatives combined. In some plac?s considerable quantities of I •. \ ,\ - \ ... \ ¦/ \
I old-time cathartic* and modern imitations ai* still sold, but with the general A \ 'I \ # ..\....j"—\"*'''|***"\"
I diffusion of knowledge, as to the best medicinal agents, Syrup of Figs has come U; i ! / / ...A""^' . \ . ' { V '• '
J into general use with the well-informed, because it is a remedy of known value . H' ; ? \ • J.X''') \ '• \ \
•¦. I and ever beneficial action. V • .. : i\'.,t .i <- y %\ V \ . ,\ -\
' ¦•¦?| Tho quality of Syrup of Figs is due not only to the excellent combination of • f\>V* \A V \ \ \
¦¦¦¦¦ 1 O»e laxativo end carminative principles of plants, known to act most bcncflcially V V \ \ '.
XtijA on the ej-stcm, with agreeable and refreshing aromatic liquids, but also to the ; | V . 7 '•• . \ : \ \ \. •
''""-% orginal method of manufacture. In order to get the genuine and its beneficial : ''L-\v/-\ ;; '-\/ '•• ' \' \ .
J effects one should always note the full name of the Company -California Fig I yp}! f SJ' : :.^^--. : }\^^' —^
•¦. j Eyrup Co.-printed on the front of every package. -/.s\f\ I — jjfe^feV:'::.]- K's*^ *¦'. \
dfiA&i °f the puniest, weakest specimens of man-"
• ii/^Ji-£3\ hood. I care not how long they have
Bti&xfiS A -^^~~v suffered, nor what ha? failed to cure
wJKsP?' vf^?«\ them. This Is no Idle boast, as I have
* WEJSB*.*.! *-i T^^k \ done It for thousands, and many of them
: i v X \\a.<i tpent from one dollar to five hundred
IS • t h, \ without obtaining relief before coming to
fc^^ Dr. McLauehlin's
l«#» EieGtric Belt
r£*&$^££^**£^&^3£9BO ls n Positive cure for nil weaknesses in
ZifcirraiS^KaKIiSfiWwBffiHy man cr woman. It is a wonderful' tonic,
a vitalizcr. When you arise In the morn-
J6«^4/iVivr^> ISffipBS^ inp> nftcr havine worn it all night, you
p£$£<jiy f y*\r\\ v jBSfiSBlB^U ¦ fec ' the viRor of youth in your veins.
' \ t£2¥%3&n'/\ \ **&*$S?2Z&L Jt <1oods tlie body with warm, glowing
I *S?4?*'5//''i I \ V {Jw5^S$5tS» vitality that makes the nerves strong.
\?2!&82fA i! ' - E^»**&i# f < u icltfns the circulation, restores natural
i ) rfA' v$? t&^^fv yifcor and makes its wearer feel like one
- c*qf«. w* >m " born again. ¦•; ¦ •
TffAKFS YOTT OVFP-It boats fhe world for bulldlns up a person broken down
irom affiliation ani neglect of the laws of nature. No matter what your trouble in you
I?J\« Tu d 'L b r ttcr * n<1 « tr ° n « cr *y " Bln « this wonderful Belt. It pour, irlowinff vital-
ity into the ho4y. «n.l th.t dees wonder*. Try It and nave doctor -bit* and useless euf-
lenng. it <-ur*-« Rheumatism. Back Pains and all organic wnkneu.
.1 r^^iA^-.^Y BOOK— I have a book which every man should read (one for women
fflii, ll . telu fa °t« that are of Interest, to every man who wants to remain younir In
}ltallt> at any airc. Send for thl« book to-day If you can*t rail. I mail it. sealed, free.
iLV'lt l "'" Blw you a fre * teet> R e| n e niber. my Belt doe» not burn, though you
",^« current «rd con f*«ru!ate H. I warrant It to Elve a etroni current for years,
mouth no one who uses If rlsrht needs it over thre% months. Cut this out and act to-day.
PATTTTnU' Beware of me ilcsl concerns offering "Electric Belts Free.V This
UiiUllUli — offer Is only a trick to foist a package of medicines upon you
* CO. I;. Write to me for on explanation of. the trick
Dfi. M. C. McLAU6HLIN> 702 .ggjjgS&L
OFFICE HOL'RS— 8 a- m. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays. 10 to 1:
j NOTE— When you u»« Dr. McI^au«hlln's;KIfctrlc Belt you are under the care of a".
rinysiclan. Agent* or drus ctorc* are never allowed to sell thce- goods.. :V .
..'¦'¦ \ . . -. ' . . ¦ ¦ . -
¦ '¦¦¦¦ "' '"''^^^ ¦" • ' •• : J
,; Isn't it time to bs;thinking about it? Th; mud and rain
: of winter is a thing of the. past. Besides, in bright wcather"-
you enpy wearing a bright, new>uit.
; • . A good suit dcesn'c cost much here. For $10 we will
mjke a suit 10 your qtder that will pleaseyou frcm a stylhh
as well as durables standpoint.. It will be well tailored anJ '
made from an all-wcol material which you can pick out frcm
'¦ a numbercf spring. patterns. Although the price is low, the
suit.Avill .give' ; y6u that welNdressed anJ comfortable feeling
which U always a source of pleasure when you buy clothes.
Our guarantee Vgbes with each" suit. .Your money's
worth or yt ur ''money back. • t A year's repairing free.
.Samplesfree;to take ; ; hem; to consult with ycur wife or*'
a friend. i - .-'- - ,-• "\ • •*
Out-of-town orders for m ide-to-order clothing filled— satisfactory fit
aszured through our seffrmeaiurinj system— write for samples.
718 Market Street and
Cor; Powell, and Eddy StreetsNelll. — n Ferns.
36 .......... Chest 36tf
30 .....Waist ................ 32 v
16 ".Neck ibVt
20 .Thigh 20%
13«4 .....;.. Calf ..... . . . ...... 14%
14 Biceps ". .... 13.
11' ....' Forearm ..../......... 11
6% Wrist GVi
6.8. .'. . .Height ... :-...'. . ./. . . .B.BVi
30 Reach from arm...... 30 Vb
71 ...'. .Finger tips 70
148 Weight ..US
Jack O'Brien of New York and Rufe
Turner of Stockton, who are to box
twenty rounds the same evening, are also
training hard for their bout. O'Brien .is
working at'. San Rafael . and Turner : at
¦ Stockton.- This will be their second meet
ing, .O'Brien having gained . a decision
over, his colored opponent, at their last
meeting. The men will enter thering at
the lightweight limit. ; •;,*,'. ¦ •
The sale of seats for the contests will
-be opened at Harry Corbett's to-day.
thinks j his {cleverness *" will offset. Ferns',
rushes. Ferns works daily at Sheehan's,
out near the sea lions, and Is in fighting
trim.. He has cut out boxing,' as he'has
confidence in his ability to handle himself
in the ring.
The measurements of the two men are
as follows:
but would fight carefully all the way. He
E Smith Is Chosen; by Principals During a Meeting on the Road
in Golden Gate Park—^Measurements oi Both Men Show Them
to Be Evenly, Matched— O'Brien and Turner Are in Training
NEILL AND FERNS AGREE UPON
A REFEREE FOR THEIR FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TXJE§ DAY, MARCH 18, 1902.
.LONDON. March 17.— Tod Sloan's appli
cation for a license as a jockey has been
denied,, but leave to train or ride trials
has been grant€d himr^He has no chance
Tod Sloan Is Denied a License.
Scarlet Ldly second, Ben Chance third. Time,
1:48%.. . -....;-.¦ - _
Fifth race, seven ¦ furlonss, handicap — Tom
Kinsley won.. Petit Maitre second, Andes third.
Time. "1:38%. ¦
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Banish -wen.
Homage second. Eugenia S third. Time. 1:43..
Seventh race, six furlongs — lola won. Wei<le
mann second, Poyntz third. Time, 1:15^4-
HARTFORD, Conn.. March 17.— The an
nouncement was made to-day that the
trotting match between Thomas W. Law
son's Bcralma, and E. E. Smathers' Lord
Derby, for $20,000 a side, will b«- decided
at Charter Oak Park.
Smathers and Lawson have accepted
the offer of 60 psr cent made by the
track.: -
Trotting Match for Big Stal^e.
of sectjrins--a license later, as Lord Dur
ham becomes a steward of the jockey
club next month,* and- Durham is very
strict.
| THEJ ;O__I_iI- 7 S K, _^OI3STC3- FORM CDTLJ^SyT.
OAKXAND RACETRACK3^Ionday, J^ch^J7^^.j-W£ather^fln^Track
3449., FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; to first, *32o.
•^,_ - , . / ' 'j — — : — — j— .. . . — : "~ Bettlns.
Index iHorse. Age. Weight. St. M. Vi. fitr Fin. Owner and Jockey. OP- C1 -
S«2 Huachuca. 3 163 3 3 2 1 h T\ft 1 n G. W. Bald win.. L. Daly 2 j*
S442 The Weaver, 3. -.101 6 71 41 23 23 H. I. Wilson Hoar 10 ™
3216 Ada N, A 100 2 2t .2.1 3 2 ah Antrim Stable. .".Troxler !•> . ?J»
:«35 February." a. rrr.. 112 5 '4 1 5 n 5 1 4 Vi J. S. Gibson .Howson 1- *»»
(3425) Our Lizzie, a 108 45^8 T« 51 W. H. Ketchmn.J.Mthw3 iw -«
(.{«2)Lady Sterling, 3.. 100 1 1 V» 3 n 4% 6 5 L. V. Bell. . ..Birkenruth 4-5 * : *
3442 Parsifal, 4;.. X00 7 8 1 «% «1 7 10 J. D. Fitzgerald. .Conley 1- *>
Mythrox. 3. 101 8 8 7 18 8 Elmwood Farm. .Ranscn i-» "»
Time— %. :2t; %, :40; %,' 1:1414; %. 1:2S. Good start. Won first three driving. 1 ";
• ner, G. W. Baldwin's b. c.' by Emperor of Norfolk-La Plata. Winner had all \sorts ot
speed and ran gamely. The Weaver is improving. Birkenruth took Lady Sterling oacs
near the far turn, and she was then outfooted on the road home. February ran weiu
Scratched — Ulloa 108, Montana Peeress 84, Mike Strauss 110, Kitt^°^^\_^^^^^^^i^.
S45O.-' SECOND RACE— 1U miles; hurdle handicap; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
~ 7j ~ j J ' ' ! - Betting.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. |St., Std. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CU
34*5 Dk. of Tork II, a. 155 1 3~ ~2~4^ Tl i~3 I. Morehouse M »" Ie r A *
3425 Bonitary. 4. ...... 134 5 IS 15 2 3 23 Charles Albert. .. ..Lloyd 10 2b
3234 Sea Song. 4 135 4 23 3 5 3 Klunder & Burns. Boyntn 4 ,8
(2095) Aurifera. a. 150 2 Fell Klunder & Burns.. Evans
3360 Master Leo, 6.... 138 3 Fell H. Willis J. Murphy 10- 25
3407 Sam Green, 5 133 Left ... Frank Duffy Puffy »-* ¦*
Time— 2:21. Good start except Sam Green. Won easily. Second and third driving. Wlr
ner. I. Morehouse's ch. g. by Duke of Norfolk-Carmen. Duke of York took some rw-
butwon easily from the last Jump in. 'CoPPlgdwlth^Sea^Song.
3451.' THIRD RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-olda; to first. 1325.
: : — ; ; — ¦ ; J Betting.
Index Horse ~ and .Weight. St. %. %. Btr. Fin. Owner and Jockey. ' Op- C1 
(3444) Bell Reed ...118 1 77. 2~n Tl Ti W. L. Stanfleld.N. Turnr 7-10 1-2
3427 Arabo Ill 3 ... 1 n 24 2 5- W. B. Jennings. L. Daly » 1
34W Vlnctides ........106 6 ... 3 2 82 3 1 Elmwood Fann..Ranach 8 T
3437 The Phantom 108 4 ... 5 1 4 2 4 3 H. E. Ro-'ell.J.Mathews BO 10»»
3306 Gold Van 106 8 ... 8 (b 5 8 G. B. Morris. .. .Jackson 4 *
Deutchland ......100 5 ... 7 4 T Vi 6 5 B. Schreiber. .. ...Conley 7 lj>
3144 Estrellada 103 2 ;.. 4 1 6 0 73 . B. J. Baldwin & Co. Rnsm 50 .100
3437 Fire Dance 103 7 ... Cl 8 » Papinta. Hoar 40 60
Time— Yt, :25; %. :40. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Winner. W.
-. L. Stanfleld's ch. c. by Captive-Miss* Gentry. Turner on winner rode a perfect race.
. Arabo had plenty of speed, though swerving some the last eighth. The Phantom U to-
lacked speed. Deutchland
.8452.. . FOURTH RACE— 1% miles; selling; three-ye/ir-olda and upward; to first. |32S.,
'. :: "T~ ~ — ~~~~ — p : — : ~ ; " : ~~ \ Betting.
Index Horse, Age. Weight. St. ' '4- Vi- Str. Flh. Owner and .Jockey. ££______
'3398 Black Dick, 4 lOOf 1 3 h 3 1 l~n 11% L. V. Bell Birkenruth I 8-5 .1*5
3447 John McGurk, 4. .109 2 5*&4tt 21 2n H. E. Rowell. J.Mathews 10; 8
(3429) El Mldo, 6 113 5 6 b h -i 1 3 5 J. S. Campbell Hoar 5 6
•3429 Loyal' S, 4.. 109 42h 2^54 41 V. Gilbert Conley 10 80
3033 Essence, 5 Ul 6 1 l<i 11 4 \, « B Burns & Watrhs.Ransch 4 , «
(3430) Evea. G 3 .83 3 42 6 « 0 J. Coffey... J. Daly( *2 .3
Time— V*'. :28H; %. :52%; %. 1:18%: m.. 1:44%; 1% m., 1:56%. Good start. Won handily.
.Second and third driving. Winner, L. V.Beirs blk. h. by Sir Dlxon-Medln. Gallop for
the winner. McGurk closed well. Hoar on El Mido made hla run too soon. Essence gava
It up. Scratched-^Morengo 103. . ¦
3453. FIFTH RACE— 1 1-16 miles; selling, three-year-olds and upward; to first, yaa. '
>— — — j : ¦ ¦ Betting.
Index {Horse, Age. Weight. St %. %." Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3441 Herculean. 5.....109 4 5 ' 2 1 21 . In L. V. Bell Conley!. 4"* 5
3242 Jim Hale, 4 107 2 3n 3 % 1 % 22 W. L. Stanfleld.Jacksonl 8 5 .4 5
3155 Gawaine 4 100> 1 4^5 3131 XV. E. Cotton Hoari 30 . 6D
(3434) Impromptu, 4..:. 110 5 2% 4 2 5 4 6 Montana stable.. .Ranachl 6-5 9-5
3328 Com. Forater, "3.. «3 3 1 1 In 4 % 5 J. F. Schorr J. Daly| 4 .13
Time— Vi'.- :25U; %. :50; %. 1:16; m.. 1:42%: 1 1-16 m.. 1:49. Good start. Won first three
driving. Winner. L. V. Bell's ch. g. by Watercress- Hannah. Winner sharply cut off a
couple of times ¦ on first turn.' ' Jim Hale could have won if away in the ¦ lead. Gawaine
.showed 'Improvement. Impromptu lacked speed. Forster tjuit. . • . ; _ i _
3454. SIXTH RACE^— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; to first, $323.
. | . I Betting.
Index Horse. • Age. Weight. St. %:. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
(3440) jSweet. Tooth. 4 . . 108 *6 6~1 2~h 1~1 11% L. V. Bell...Blrkenruthf 4-5 3-5
3440 Sc'for Scandal. 4. 90 4 3 h 3h 2n 21 J. Weber Ranschj 3.5
3165 Kitty Kelly, 6... 95 15 2h 42 3%3n W. L. Stanneld.W.Duggnl « •«
3418 Wyoming, a .111(2 7 7 5 143 Brown & Co Troxler! 20 20
3440 Dorian, a 1021 1 l.h 11 4 154 G. B. Morris Jackson 7 11-2
3416 Gusto. 5. ..-:.'. 10517 5h 8% 6 1 t: P. Howley Hoar .20 «»
3399 Maresa." 4..-,-> 98| 3 4 1 5 1 7 7 |J. H. Dolan J. Daly 25 20
Time— -14 :24Vi; %;:49%; %', l:14?i. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
• Winner, L. V. Bell's br. h. by Conrad-Too Sweet. Birkenruth on winner sailed through the
bunch when ready. School for. Scandal outstayed Kitty Kelly. Too much sp*ed for Wyo
ming. Dorian couldn't stand the clip set. Scratched — Bill Bohmanson 01, Captivate 92.
Eldred 94. Pope Leo 109. » ¦•__
| ,,: LONDON, ; March. 17.— It v.a3 offlcially • an-'
l^nounced '.to-day i that ¦ Kins t Edward ' will i not > no
• abroad ... this ; year. .- He will j. cruise i in ¦; British
S'watere on beard the royals yacht Victoria and
rAlbul; ' V . ¦ ;•.• ;¦ . " :": :) :' : '-'^ ":¦;¦}:
Ledge Assays as High as Forty Thou
sand Dollars to the
\. ¦ ' ..' Ton: : ' '-:" '¦-'¦'¦
'. PHOENIX, , Ariz.; March 17.— A new
strike has ' been , made in the Oro , Grande
mine. On the 200-foot level has been,ex
posed an ore body ; 120 'feet in width that
samples from $50. to .$40,000 to the ton : in
gold, there being also good f silver valuer.
Kxptoratlon is' beings made on; the level
below as fast : as ' possible to determine
whether ' this . exceeding rich ore body is
maintained at any. depth. .
¦¦ -¦ ¦ ¦¦¦• ' ¦ ' - ..
QUEAT STRIKE OF}; OBE
IN^ORO; GRANDE MINE
Marysville" Elects Officers.
; MARTS VILLE,; March* 17.-Interest . ¦ in
the. election of^city officials "here "to-day
was 'very : keen ; vin •" fact,";, to-day's • contest
was the ; most \ -excllingr,".' in' Marysville 5 in
twenty years. • From early dawn until trio
polls ' closed candidates and thsir,: friends
labored '.with' vigor; ••and complete/.returns
show; the. results to hiive been close. v\V!N
liams.'.the Republican" nominee for Mayor,
has • a ; good . majority ¦ over J. "»W. " Stewart ;
T. J. t Williams; . defeats -E.VB.
Stanwood • for . Clerk, v and ~ the^" following
Councilmen are -the choice of-, the people :
T..J. O'Brien (D.),' Victor, Nelson (R.),-r.T.
Heyl ;¦(!>;•) 'and P.%J.\ Divverr(Ri).^ J.r 'A.
Maben f orj Marshal and W, G- Swain for
Treasurer.'. .•-. .. ¦ ¦" , .¦ . - •:• .--
Music Sealers; Seek * Damages.
Wright & • Kochman" vwho , conduct.' a
store at 250 : .Turk street, - brought suit
against Chester F. -Wright and David S.
Jacobs yesterday, for $7000 damages. They
allege that the ; defendants; took , from
their store 76,000: sheets. of" music, valued
at;*S70O0. en February 19, 'and have refused
to'^return them. - ¦
. Three' Women - Penned , in on .Third
Floor Are^Heroically Rescued N
' by';a Lodger. " 'v '.- ¦ . -
CHICAGO, March "n.WTtventy-f our, fam
ilies occupying the St.' I Catherine 'flats at
Fortieth street 'ana Grand* boulevard ¦ were
driven from the building by flre'eariy to
day. A frigrld. i; wind! was blowing;, and the
firemen had to work vigorously- to : con
fine the flames to St.* ; Catherine's. ' The
tenants had barely^ time r-r to .-escape and
shivered. in the. cold until neighbors were
aroused and "gave- them shelter.: ¦¦: Nearly
all household goods and ' personal - effects
were lcst.^*SS''*<BSSBff**5i(B9.V.- 1 ': > ¦
'William Scanlon," a.policemari/ felltfrom
a third-story .window find -broke -one -of
his legs.. .George Pa tton; one' of, the ten
ants, proved himself ¦¦; a ; hero. ~Threo
women were penned in on the third: floor.
Patton- reached 1 {hem/ before 'Ahe flames
blocked the etairway. >He made a rope of
.bedsheots •'¦ and let '.the/ ,women H down •' the
elevator shafts by means, of • .it.* He 'then
fastened it 'and attempted to; slide i down
after y - them. -*. The * makeshift', rope r ; gave,
way,: however'," | and- he sustained a broken
ankle. ??Flremen rescued :him/ The total
loss was 'J63,OOO. ,?¦• I . ; .
SPRING VALLEY. 111.; ' March 17.-4Eafney
Bacti, Vincent > Taro^, .WUllam . Lln?l and
Erneet . Cito ¦ attemoted ¦.; to «:fosB~ the '-Illinois
River at thJB point- at, TnldnlKht; in » a skiff.
- The* boat tfapMzed, in; midstream and all -but
Cito were drowned. HftBSHMBEBMiBtil
TEN ANTS BAREI/Y ESCAPE %¦ »
. FROM: fiURNING BTjiLDINQ
The'iLa^. and Order Leagpe at a meet-:
ing held last t night at ',. Y.- M. C. , k. Hall
adopted resolutions; presented by the Rev.
F.-A. Doane, protesting aralnst the use
of." Btraltjackets in .the State peniten
tiaries. ¦ A- committee ' was. also apolnted
to x confer with the Board of Supervisors
and thorf'olice ; Commissioners, * to protest
against the Issuance of- permits for prize
nghts and boxing matches..
"Object to Boxing Matches.
Eacing Results at New Orleans;
• . NEW, ORLEANS, Marclx, IT.— Crescent' City
eummary :' ' . ". .V. -. '. ; ..' : ,"..,.-'.
First race, tlx Penny
Icon second^ Traverg third: '. 'Time,'. 1:16.'- .-fr
..Second race, one mile and seventy yards," ssll
•ing — Frank Jones won.. Rose of Hay second.
Kentucky Muddle third. ," Time '¦ •!:«%. •• ""¦*
7 Third race, one mile— El Morain ' won v Larry
. C secend,' Judge Mages thir\J. s • Tlrn«, 1 :43*4* -
-: Fourth ; race. ' St. , Patrick's"' handicap on*
mile and a sixteenth — Barbara' Friteh'ie won.
.: The . executive . committee . of.: the ¦;-Stan
ford'rstudent body.decided.that^such'ac
tion by '•: tho intercollegiate ¦ committee' re
quired ratification, and. this it refused' to
give. The faculty Vcommittee feels that
this, power" lies with, the -Btuderif. athletic
committee; ' which '¦> appoints • .Stanford's
representatives on' the ' intercollegiate
committee,: and riot with the .-executive
committee. The Btudents are divided' Jn
thtii-f, opinions, "-but, the majority:* favor
Lie enforcement of -the: rules in, the-in
terest ot; pure athletics.--; . . • ' .,
\ STANFORD : , UNIVERSITY,*
17.— A clash seems imminent between' the
f :) culty athletic v; committee arid ttie"ek
ecutive committee of the Associated, Stu
ilfc'nts : over " the r question of i< eliglbilty
in athletics o* students entering.- from
other institutions. At the last 4 meeting of
the r intercollegiate athletic ' committee It
was decided that one year's residence in
cither" university would •. be required -¦ of
such . students .before they could , play
onr. the ..varsity teams.. i Tnis ;step: waj
taken to obviate any further trouble.aml
feellng;such as arose from the.Horah .af- ;
. fair last - J ¦• ; •• • ¦' ':,•¦•. )',•¦. ')
Stanford Athletic Managers and Stu
dent Body- Executive" Commit
. tee at Outs. •.'-•X ; « ; \
CLASH OVER ELIGIBILITY s : ". I
X(£ OF VAiRSITY ATHLETES
.; Selections for To-Day.
'.' First. race^MIke.Rice, J Lento. Light Ball. ¦
U Second race-—Oro'Viva. Altawan, Delsegno. ¦
Third race —Dean Sv/ift, Narra.G, Claudator.
Fourth race—Tower • of Candles,' Dr.' Boyle,"
Diomed. ¦ ' '. ' ' ;; -:-. '¦' . ' :;, /.
' Fifth racfrr-Lady. ' Meddlesome, r Wolhurst,
Sunello.. ..: .. -,- , ¦• ¦ -
¦ ¦ fc!xth' race-;-Marshal Neil, ,Bassenzo", T3t!' Ber
nej-s.' - .-.-..¦• •
;St;? Ignatius — Mulcare, catcher; : O'RourJce
nnd Hftfferhan .(captain), pitchers;. Hefternan,
first. base; Ryan, second base; Kennedy, third
baae; >Kitterman. - short stop; Kelly, 'left field;
Smith, -center field ; Whelan. - right field. ' '
Panla 'Claras — Younsr.- (captain), -catcher;
Roti;Ian<J,- pitcHer: Muhlendorf. -first base: Slg
vrart,-- second base; Finlgan. ttilrd base; Kelle-
Y.tt. Pho« Btop; Dunn, left Held; Russel, center
Held; -Terrara!,, right field. ' - - . - .
By a score of 12 to 4 a team from Santa
Clara College defeated the j St. Ignatius
aggregation of ball tossers yesterday aft
ernoon at the ball grounds, corner of Six
teenth and Folsom streets. There is con
siderable rivalry existing between these
two colleges and the play was spirited
throughout the game and furnished much
excitement to the 1 spectators. One of the
features of the game was a difficult catch
of a high 'fly and a pickup made by Sig
wart, the second baseman for the -Santa
Clara team. ; The young players lined up
as follows: ' ¦ • v ' v,'-
Local Students Succumb to Superior
Playing of Collegians of the '•¦
. South. . ¦ !?*}j>ii%*l
SANTA CLARA DEFEATS
- V : - ST. IGNATIUS TEA2I
. 1 ho conferees stated privately that the
situation in the conference amounted • to a
deadlock, and that' they were no nearer
to an agreement than they had been at
the outset: -
The meeting wa3' attended -by fifty-two
Republican members. '• ', A resolution : had
been framed by Representative Tawney
and this served 'as the basis of action.
The dlscusnion was all -.opposed to an
agreement which would reduce the ' tariff
even temporarily. It was Jlnally agreed,
however, to give this understarfdlrig . an
afllrmatlve aspect, namely, that any plan
for concession to Cuba would be accepta
ble if it did not involve a reduction of- the
tariff. Those who attended' the confer
ence said, the natural effectof this -was
to accept nothfher that involved a reduc
tion of the tariff. ;,- Others characterized
the understanding reached as a determin
ation to "stand -pat." ¦
Immediately following ..the meeting the
arbitration conferees . met in the Ways
and Means/ Committee room. -.The ;con
ference lasted. until 6:30 p. im.y-ind at its
close ' Chalrmfin. Payne :.¦ authorized the
Btatemcnt - that there' was no change m
the situation and no agrfeement, ' the con
ference adjourning until 3 p. m. to-mor
row. 1 .- '• -V ,.V ." .'¦ .'.':.
' WASHINGTON, D; ,C, 17.-fThe
meedng of the -Repubiican' members 'op
posing the Ways and Means v Committee
on Cuban 1 reciprocity. lasted an hour and
ended inan agreement not to "accept ajiy
compromise Involving a reduction of tariff
duties.- This in effect is an instruction' to
insist upon the : Senate' 'plan for reci
procity.;¦•' .
. ELIZABETH, N. J., March 17.-An at
tempt was made to kill the Rev. Mr.
Houst, pastor \ of the . German Lutheran
Church of this place, last night. -The po
' lice- believe that the would-be', assassins
¦were Italian anarchists. After. the shoot
-ln«r of President ? McKinley. . r H*aUst
¦ preached a sermon in which he denounced
•the anarchists and declared that Ihey
C uban Reciprocity Dis
'. cussion Nojb. Fruitful
of Result. .;• ¦;¦"•'..'
He Arouses, Their Anger
by Denouncing; Thein
Froin Fulpit, -
CONFEREES NOT
ABLE TO AGREE
ANARCHISTS TRY
TO KILL PASTOR
Maher ; also 'won', the , Elsham- plate,
seven furloiigs, on A..-U Duncan's; It$h
mUS.- ¦ '¦ •' '- .•>>-;" -¦-¦; ;':*•:..¦ . -•:'-: ,: •
. LONDON, Mai'ch 17.— The fiat race.sea
son had an excellent send-off at .Lincoln
this afternoon. The; weather was pleas
ant-and big- crowds congregated-, to 'whet
their appetites for , to-morrow's "great
handicap. The: American 'owners .of
horses were not represented tb-da>\ '.The
only American horse in the. Lincolnshire
handicap is' • Foxhall' Keen^'s Olympian
(four-year-old), but the. racg is generally
expectd to be a. duel between R.,3. Sle
ber's Sceptre (three-year-old), and A:,M.
Singer's O'Donoyari Rossa (Hve-year-old).
It was rumored to-day that-should'Scep
tre win that horse will becojne;the prop
erty, of either W. C, Whitney or. Foxhall
Koene, the price named being somewhere
in thfr neighborhood of $30,000. - - ' .
The fact that Tod Sloan, had been rid
ing Sir Ewaldie- Griffiths'' Veles (four
year- old) in training gallops-led to the
rumor that the American Jockey would
ride him in to-morrow's handicap, ,-Mmt
Sloan thus far only has been. granted a
license to train and- ride in gallops." . .
Maher was the first American jockey to
score. He won the Tathwell- stakes ¦ on
Herandall's Babairc. ¦ .'. . ¦ .... --¦,.:
Jockey Maher' Carries Off the Honors
- [ of the Day by Riding iyb r * .
•Winners. •.
i:lat bac!e season :'';[;' }'¦-¦':' \-\
i. { i '¦ . : opens in ¦ engl an d
should be driven from the country. On
November 27 last his son mysteriously
disappeared and the minister subsequent
ly received threatening letters, in which
it was said that the boy was in heir and
that the father would also be sent there.
Some, weeks ago his little daughter was
met- on the street by a young man, who
tried to entice her into a house. She bi
•gan to. cry, attracting the attention of
passers-by, and the man took fright and
.hurried 'away. ..Last night Houst heard
steps -on the porch of his home arid he
went out to" investigate. As-he did ho.
ne was knocked down by, a blow on tlio
.head, with a blunt instrument. While he
was .:• prostrate one i 1 of. his. assailants
kneeled on his chest, threw a cloth. over
,his- face, and shoved it into his mouth as
a gag with one hand, while with ¦ the
other he drove a knife into the minister's
crrest," Inflicting a deep flesh wound. -.The
wounded man -was found by bis wife end
• a physician was called. He found the;
knife wound -was. slight.- but k/ ihat»\the
: blow. on the head had caused serious in-
Jury. There Is no clew to the, assailants.
Yesterday afternoon "J. 'W. Byrne, S
L. Abbot Jr., W. E., Lester, Captain T>'.
J. Rumbaugh and others , were out on
the links for practice.
"RUBE" FERNS, THE NEXT OPPONENT OF AL. NEILL, IN : SOME
;V STRIKING POSES, PHOTOGRAPHED IN HIS TRAINING QUARTERS
" YESTERDAY EY A CALL ARTIST. -^ ..... ...-^
At. NEILL and Rube Ferns nret
each" other on' the- road yester
day,'and while talking about the
weather critically noted each oth
er's fighting " points. , Then they
talked referee and agreed upon Ed Smith
to officiate at their. contest Friday night.
JCelll and Ferns use. the roads of the park
to strengthen their "bello.ws,". and they
fairly met .-near-<-tbe- i mu§IcV*t»nd_.\ Both
¦were panting,' "and rec^Jnlzircgr each other
Etoppcd to .chaff. Ferns' told' Neill that
he would make, him look elck, ; aoil;Xeill
came back with the statement that, what
he would do io.the "Rube", would B.t^rtlq
the town. They stopped theif fftcetiOus
ness long enough to. decide on 'a Veferee,
and each. went his way at a fast clip. ;
Neill said he. would enter the arena at
Woodward's. Pavilion next 'Friday, night
Jn condition to go- twenty. rou.nds at a
lively pace. He said he would .-take- no
chances .with a. dangerous man like Ferns,
-Eight ladies of the San Francisco' Golf
Club took part yesterday rriqrriing , in the
handicap foursomes over eighteen | holes
postponed ' from Monday, March 10.
Leather score 'cards- decorated with em
bossed gold go] f bags; were .the, prizes- for
the two coupes finishing first and sec
ond. Miss Florence Ives and Miss' Sara
Drum took the first awards, with a, net
l?? re 5 '^ iss Alice Hoffman and
Miss Kdith Chesebrough capturing the
second trophies with a net^ score of 120.
rh©-full details are shown in the table:
SAN^ FRAXC/SCO. .GOLF CLUB— LADIES'
. ¦: I' ..-':.. FOURSOMES. ... . :
Eight Fair;' Golfers Compete in a
Handicap on 'the San Fran- ¦ ;
- ! , Cisco Links. .' -
Sixth, race— Seven furlongs, selling? three
year-olds and upward. •; ¦«.¦¦¦ . l - ; - ¦
; 3443 Bassenzo . 06i 3340 Grafter ..V...105
3436 Aloha II. .....108 3316-TJlloa ...;:... 102
3404 Dr. Bernays..lO4 SU1 Marshal NeillllO
3213 Dol. Welthoff. 102 2505 Lena ..V.....1O«
3442 • King DelUs . . . Ill I OCSt) JVIcNamara ... lOtJ
34C6 Pencil Me..,. .101 3378 Larrj -WUt;.. D3
Fifth race— One mile and fifty yards, selling;
three- j ear-olds and upward. .. v .-.. , ". . .;
3430 Sunell* ...... 1(M. 3422 linvictu* ":.;'!. W
3220 -Ltmellght :... 08 (3417)L. Medd'some.101
(.¦U41)Kickumbob ..!«:• 3432 Tiaona ... '104
(343S) Tufts ........100. 3413 Durdock ...:. 98
'<343«)Qrnd Sachem. 103 • 3422 Hunnarlan .wlOO
3426 Nilgar ..... ..100' 3442 Wolhurst .. . . .100
¦ . Fourth race— Stx and a half furlongs, ' sell
liig; four- year- 0IU3. and upward.""- ¦
3440 Dr. Boyle 113 3106 Diomed '....\. li»
(34:(V)Mlke Strauss. 120 3220 Einstein. ....110
3250 San Venado...H3 3423 T.of Candles.lOS
Johnny wreber said yesterday . that Ll
zella was only an hour cooling -out after
her four-mile run In the Thornton stake.
She was as full of play as a kitten on
Sunday, but Siddons was rather a- sore
horse. ' • . > ..
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events: ¦ > ", '•'¦- -' . ¦ ¦
s First " race — Seven furlongs, aelllnsi three
year-olds arid upward. ¦ .
-3411 Syce ..;, 02 3445 La Borgia... ; 102
aiSl Light Ball.... 103 3410 Mike Rice... * 108
3347. Baldo ........ 00 3441 M L Rothsch'd.104
2087 Whaleback ...104 3222 Snowberry .;. 03
3307 Morengo .104 3318 Tlng-a-LJng. ,.102
3419 Rasp 1«« 3438 Lento ..99
Second race — 'Four furlcngs, .selling; two
year-olds. "¦•¦ • . ¦ .. - ..
3437 Katanga ..;:. 103 3130 Prtstolus ..„ 103
•3433 Uelsegno * ...108 ,(3257)Altawan Iff)
:I43O Venecia 103 3439 Oro Viva..... 108
¦33S5 Dotterel .....105 (3437)Clarlnctte ....lOU
Third raee^— Seven furlongs, purse;' three
year-olds and upward. ¦ •• -i >;•- '.¦ ..-•; v. .'
3+JS B. Ormonde.. 120 .3300 Dean Swift. ..ion
.3410 Sir- "Dous'al...l20 3324 William F....12O
¦ 3410 Elfonse' '.117 3227 Claudator ...10*
.3191 AVinnecook ... 104 3172 Goal Runner.. 120
3432 Gold Baron... 120 3328 Narra G......115
3063 Free Lance.. .123 3401 Helen Smith. .115
.Aurifera gave - the . crowd an excltlnjr
exhibition of ground and lofty tumbling
at the second hurdle. After stumbling the
mare-' landed on- her head, rolled . over
Evans, and concluded the performance by
planting: one hoof In the; luckless rider's
eye.- Evans, was • about later' on with his
head bandaged ' up," little the' worse ior the
.accident. .' ,' \ . ' - " ' ; •
• Barney Schreiber reposes grea.t.?atth.,in
Deutchland. and no doubt the Sain Colt
.will improve with .another. trip or. two to
the barrier.' . . \" '¦. " .. : ' !
- The* win. of Sweet Tooth did not pan out
a profitable one for his owner, L. V. Bell.
The brown Horse was entered to be sold
for $600 and was boosted to $1500 by Tony
Cook, | the bookmaker. An additional $5
raise secured the horse for the • stable.
Many contend that Frank Doss is stiil
the owner of School for Scandal, which
finished second, and that Tony was simply
acting in the interests of /Doss. . , , /
, Nash -Turner has' not had many mounts
Bince arriving here some weeks ago owing
to. the low scale of weights, and he left
the maiden class when Bell Reed won.
Nash has few. equals in the saddle, and it
is to be regretted that he is not seen
oftener with the colors on. ; .- ' \ ¦
Track Notes.
MISSES ,IVES;AN1) ;DRUM v
WIN; LADIES' FOURSOMES
" TUCSON, Ariz/, March 17.-The killing
of a great North 'American tiger: in ; the
Rincoir Mduntains,. seventeen _ miles from
Tucsop, early yesterday morning has ex
cited., much' interest here! It: was the
largest wild animal ever killed -in\"Ari- ?
zona, ' measuring ' more than eight ! feet
in length, , three feet around the head
and nineteen inches around ';tHe". fore
arm, .while its feet made a track- of seven
Inches; in width.' This track had : been
fceeh and unsuccessfully followed'^ by
hunters and trappers for many : years. •>
Reports that a great animal wa3 roam
ing the mountains have frequently come
in, v and- hunters- have tried tonnd : ' the
toast.' - Six' years ago, at the: Samaniego
ranch, thirty-two calves were, killed >.ln
one anight, and tracks in the ; corral
where tne calves were . he)d showed that
it was the work of an animal' of -Im
mense * proportions. Four-year-old steers
and horsc3 have been found ¦ half <• eaten,
with • the same track around r-the car
casses. .¦-:'..-.. . ... ,¦,•:,;¦!. <..¦--.:-:
.Thirteen years, ago Charles Brown' and
his son, William, both experienced hunt
ers, came Upon the. tiger's 'track at SoU
Q?I- Ca J> In . *n the rtincon I Mountains:
When .the big animal" was brought -to
Tucson this morning Charles; Brown Vat
once recognized it,- and, bef ore « the. other
hunters .could-. tell. their j story;.he- told
where they had killed it There can-be
no doubt but that it is the same animal
that has terrorized '.the-' cpuntry; about
lucson for many years arid caused the
loss : of thousands of dollars.
The animal is marked ..like'. a. leopard,
and its hide Is. regarded j as, one; of ,-;'the"
,, st ever seen In tnl s country., Antonio,
a. Mexican hunter, and his .son killed ,the
beast. Hounds,had .trailed it. to a cave
aiid jiiade an; attacks The hounds, were
killed, and the hunters: followed the ani
mal to the cave, built a' fire and- smoked
It out. ' It sprang itoward Antonio, :as- it
came out but his son killed it. before it
reached the elder man ,-;•..
¦This Is the first beast of its' kind ever,
killed in Arizona, and old-ttmers, believe
the animal, wandered to this, country
from the southern ', tropics or . escaped
rrom some menagerle.years ago. '. \
Special Dispatch to The' Call!
Only One of Its Kind Ever
Seen irrThat Partof ; •;;
theOountry. ,'..' : ; >! ¦
Beast Has )tong ; Given
Trouble to Arizona ;
-Stockmen.
•Touted far and wide as the 'sweetest
morsel on the -menu, Jim Halo had his
colors lowered by Herculean In the mile
and a sixteenth selling affair. Impromptu
opened favorite, but there developed such
a- brisk play on Jim Hale that his odds
dropped from 2 down to 4 -to 5. In' pre
vious races the last named gelding has
always shown to better advantage when
ridden out in th» lead. Lee Jackson man •
aged to pick a rail position behind Com-'
mlssloner Forster' and Herculean with
Jim, not; being able to strike clear, sailing
until rounding .the bend, for .home. -Then
in a long drive Herculean, under Conley's
hard urging, downed the favorite a head.
Gawaine, a 60 to 1 shot, took the show.
Outclassing his field shoes to plates, the
brown • horse Sweet Tooth made short
work of his company in the closing three
quarter sprint. Heavily played at 4 to 5,
Birkenruth, waited with' him. '.to the
stretch, then breezing in an easy first in
1:14*4. School for Scandal lasted. longer
than Kitty Kelly, taking the place by a
length. v
Brack Dick, - from the Bell stable, en-
Joyed a gallop In the mile and a furlong
run. With ¦-. John McGurk and El Mldo
looking the hardest propositions to down,
the books laid 8 to 5 against the Eastern
horse. Birkenruth had only to sit still in
the saddle until the stretch was reached
and then make his move. - John McGurk
took, the place in a. hard, drive from El
Mido, Johnny Hoar possibly making his
move. too soon with the latter.-, .v
Nearly everybody expected Lady Ster
ling to improve on her previous race, but
the mare ran unplaced in the opening
seven-furlong run.- She ruled a 4 to i
chance in the ring, and after leading
down the backstretch for a way fell back.
Huachuca, the second choice, well ridden
by L. Paly, earned the verdict in a hard
drive from The Weaver, a 10 to 1 shot. '.
Three out' of the six starters in the
Sarsfleld hurdle handicap finished. Duke
of York, carrying 155 pounds and well rid
den by Mattier.won easily at the finish
from Bonitary. The winner closed an
even money chance. Master, Lee took a
header at the first jump, and- Aurlf era
came to grief at the second obstacle. Sam
Green, the heavily played second '.' choice,
was left. . . /....¦•
in evidence. Shamrocks were
conspicuous, fastened In the, head stalls
of many of the horses,', and the mounts of
riders sporting green" colors [were backed
"off the board by the more superstitlously
inclined. The' horses of L. V. : Bell carried
off all the honors, Black Dick," Herculean
and Sweet Tooth capturing the last thres
races on the programme. , As but two
favorites ? were bowled 'over speculators
had aprofltable outingl The horses ran
well ; to j form,' and altogether it was one
"of r the : most enjoyable - day's sport ' since
the opening of the season.
In ¦ the two-year-old ; event, a half-mile
dash, W. L. Stanfleld's colt Bell Reed was
put to the crucial test, and the flying
youngster acquitted himself admirably.
Carrying 118 pounds and perfectly ridden
by Nash Turner, he outsprinted and out
stayed his field, winning almost easily at
the wire, two lengths in front of Walter
Jennings' big colt Arabo. The winner ran
the distance in 49 seconds, which is fast,
as the track la still slow.
py|-^HERE came very near being a full
1 holiday attendance again at Oak-
I land track - yesterday, and the
. "il ' gre^h of . old , Erin was everywhere
HUNTERS SHOOT
MONSTER TIGER
RESULTS OF MONDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK.
4
1
COUPLES. ' •
Ill
'9 K ¦«
'. n '. <° 2.
. -..' ¦ ¦ r> ] ¦*
-'•- * •» s
•S '•".,' "3 -',;-
;123 S 115
126 i 6 120
i33 8 125
! 127l.;'0j,12T
Miss -Florence :Iver.' .•..*:"} ¦ \
Miss* Sara Drum. .;y. f\ t
Miss Alice Hoffman...;/
Miss Edith Chesebroughj
Mrs. J..R. Clark......; I
Miss Carroll :....: . .y. .1
Miss Alice Hager ;•..... \
Mrs. Laurence Scott.'. .5
'612 I
61V
GO
62 '
61
63
73
1
COUPLES. ' •
Ill
'9 K ¦«
'. n '. <° 2.
. -..' ¦ ¦ r> ] ¦*
-'•- * •» s
•S '•".,' "3 -',;-
;123 S 115
126 i 6 120
i33 8 125
! 127l.;'0j,12T
Miss -Florence :Iver.' .•..*:"} ¦ \
Miss* Sara Drum. .;y. f\ t
Miss Alice Hoffman...;/
Miss Edith Chesebroughj
Mrs. J..R. Clark......; I
Miss Carroll :....: . .y. .1
Miss Alice Hager ;•..... \
Mrs. Laurence Scott.'. .5
'612 I
61V
GO
62 '
61
63
73
DR. PIESCE'S BEMEDIES.
Women often" astonish ne— _ acquaint-
ances, who are introduced' to a large
family of strong boj's and healthy girls,
-who call this young looking-- woman
xaother. It is popularly supposed ¦; that
$££?':':> >*"-v maternity . is the. foe
' . . /'" 3f S'2^"* of and . ; the
I/^^^**W? worn and faded face
\Jf^~£rjpr of- many a -mother
'.¦ x 'T'l m!i& ¦>/' seems to warrant the
Vw " 7 '¦¦'.belief.- But it is hard
w^ \. :: ;.//. tent,'unnatufial. :
W$M This is proved
by the use of Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
6cription, which \ prevents . \ and .. cures
nausea, tranquilizes the nerves, -encour-
ages: the appetite, induces refreshing
deep, and makes the. baby's advent prac-
tically painless. " ' : ,. . %Q.
Mrs. Orrin Stile*, of Downing, bann Co., W;«
writes : « I have been intending to write to voii
ever Knee mv baby wa< born in regard to what
your 'FaTOnte. Prescription 'has done for me
I cannot praise it enough, for I have not been
&s well fcr five years as I am now. In Julv last
I hsd a haby boy. weight u lbs., aid I was'oalv
wck a short time, and since I cot- up Jiave no't
had one sick' day.' -I have not had anv uteriue
trouble since I got up. was not only surprised
myself but all roy friends here arc surprised to
see me so well." _v • , _.- ..i. ,
w Favorite Prescription * w .;has "the testi-
mony of thousands of women tq its com- ,
i plete cure of womanly diseases.^ Do not
accept an ' unknown and ' unproved sub-
stitute in its place. '-¦ - u.
•Dr. Pierce's Pleasant PcHets clearjfhe
complexion and sw«tcnthVbrea'tiij f : '.- ;
Well Preserved
fiftf It is pretty hard for anybody to get a correct .
|p| idea of our $i '30 hat until he sees it. When he in- H
spects the hat he will find that it is made of a good |i
SI quality felt and under the inside leather vrill be found - 1 1
, the union label — the emblem of 'good workmanship. §-!
Jra He will also, see what a variety the hats come in — 13
>H- ; Derbys, Fedoras, Graecos, , Dunlap , Crushers, Al- | j
M pines, Pantouris, Pan- Americans, and the colors are ill
Jg . black, cedar, steel, pearl, blue pearl and oxford; I !
|H black and cedar only in the Derbys. : | I
S • An assortment like this represents everybody's t-\
H; "taste, while the. price fits. anybody's purse — " f H
' ' ' -il? -i *^ f\ jTa
O PLEASURE AND COMFORT ' a
• f*O HAND IN HAND. r g
5 .'.'When .mounted on a 1002 'model ' '•
'•^CLEVELAND, SNELL OR 1 |
8 TRIBUNE BICYCLE i " |
® LI ?t mailed / for. the 'asking. •• .-•..;#
2 : 3O7-3O9 tyi«KI/» ST. -;:;•
|1 ' Ib thc »>9l»t- the passing qf the swift and luxurious
I California Limited
I Blcanlng with its real electric lights. It races from \: "But • we need and . must have L party , lead
ers?".: Most- certainly. But let us choose them
and ¦ not "abdicate our : power; and* meekly*siir
¦ render.; it; into the.- hands 'of a", coterie; of
constituted"" political '-. bosses,.- adventurers j and
grasping interests. s
If there r were no other to' the can-
San Bernardino Daily Sun:. . ' :
Governor Henry Tv Gage Is a candidate for.
ienotr.lna.tion at the hands of the. Republican
State convention, which will meet next ' fall.
Hla candidacy was formally announced In yes
terday's Herald, and In an Interview the Gov
ernor, gives some of the reasons why he-de
sires to have the honor of a . second nomina
tion by the Republicans of California, " and
also some of the grounds upon which he bases
the hope that that honor. w«ll be his. ',.
So far as his argument appealing to . the
voters of the State is concerned, there is some
merit In what Mr. Gage says. : His adminis
tration has. been free from scandal, and it has
been as economical as those that have gone
before. .But when the Governor touched rpon
party matters he certainly l grabbed th» hot
end of the poker, and if his- fingers are not
singed before he lets go, he has discovered
a. new. brand of . political asbestos, wo\-en in
his own shop. ¦ •. • .
He has discovered; that" there is. some, op
position to his renomlnatlon on the part of
Republicans who think. they .have, a party, rea
scn for their position. These he terms news
paper, 'bosses and disappointed politicians. And
then he makes, this most remarkable, state
ment: . .'
• .In 1S0S. there went up a loud cry from
some of the self -same forces ; at present ."
against me. calling for. a Senator
r "ana '''¦not*' a Governor from the south — met 1
"then, by my assertion that both a Sena
tor and a Governor could come from the
south, which has become ' a demonstrated
f«.ct. • . \
Now, wouldn't that JAR you?. ---.•, •
Wouldn't that. sink your bobber and wrinkle
your raglan? • Tell it not ¦ In Gath and pub
lish It not In Askalon. but the Governor four
long years ago foretold ' the- election of a Sen
ator from the south. "Wire the news to. the
Senator at the Capitol at Washington, and
tell him that the Governor knew it long be
fore and was v.}aA. - .
If Governor Gace expects to make his cam
paign for renomlnatlon on the strength of
what he did to assist in the election of a
Southern California /Senator, it might.be well
for him to begin ' at once to \ prepare I to re
turn;to'Los Angeles about next New Tear's
day. . or as soon thereafter as the law. of the j
State provides for the Inauguration of his sue- j
c-esaor. There \ may be places in the south
land where that sort of argument will carry
the' primary. - but it won't go In San Berdoo <
— not by a considerable. j ' ¦
¦ This was one of the first "counties in the
south into which Mr. Gage brought the light
of his countenance, almost four years \ ago,
when he developed an ambition to be the chief
executive of California. . He met here not
an .indefinite but- a well crystallized sent!- ¦
ment In favor of .the' Republicans of the south
asking for a United States. Senator to sue-"
ceed . Stephen M. White, and . permitting the
gubernatorial nomination to go to * the north.
And he at once set about to answer the ar
gument that he had produced ¦ that sentiment.
'Sitting - in- the old Sun office, on the oppo
site side-: of Court street, one evening; ' along
with Judge F. F. Oeter and the ': writer. Mr.
Gage made this- statement :- "Why, if I ihould
be. nominated .and elected ¦ Governor ¦ it might
be worth twenty or. twenty-five, -.votes to., a
Southern California candidate for. Senator.".
" To ¦ several other well-known ' people . in -' Re
publican poIUIcs.Jln -this -city., he urged .that
h{s candidacy would . in no -wisa Interfere with
the Interests of a southern candidate for Sen
ator. . but, on the contrary, ' would strengthen
the chances of such a candidate. ' .
• San Bernardino was interested in the elec
tion of a Senator, and was particularly inter
ested-in'the success of U. S. Grant of San
f Diego, but -we listened' to ' the song' of the
siren, and' our- delegation 1 went over. Te
hachapl with the rest of Southern California,
whooping for Henry T. Gage for Governor
and a southern man for Senator, - and we
helped to. make it unanimous for Gage.
And what did the Governor do? How about
.his statement and implied promise that if he
; were Governor his Influence might be worth
' twe'nty/or twenty-five, votes for a- southern
f man for Senator? He was Governor, - and he
'had the- influence and perhaps the j twenty or
•twenty-five votes,' but they did not go to". help
' Grant; nor were they were found In Bulla's
camp; nor yet were they cast for Bard, or
'any other* man who ¦ hailed from the south
land, but they went for Colonel Dan Burns,
from start to finish, repudiating every prom
ise held out to the people of the south who
' had helped him to the executive chair.
But that was not all." Place the Governor's
present statement, "that both a Senator and
a Governor could come from the south, which
has become a demonstrated- fact," alongside
that other statement made by him to a re
porter for . the • San Francisco Examiner, In
Sacramento, while the deadlock was In prog
ress. - that - If- hlB signature- to a commission
would do Colonel Burns any good, he could
have it.- and then let him" say whether the fact
-that Senator Bard now shares, the honor of
speaking for California on the floor of the
Senate Is because of anything Mr. Gage did,
or In spite of all he could do.
. The Sun has no criticism of Governor Gage's
udmlnlBtratlon. Let that take. care of Itself
But if he thinks to bamboozle anybody in
these parts / into believing that we do not
know when we are . Jobbed, he will have to
arise Bllghtly earlier In the a. m.
Tulare Dally Register:
The partisans and apologists for Henry T
Gage are affirming with much satisfaction ihat
the opposition to ¦ his renomihation for -Gov
ernor is purely political in character, th*t the
objection goes solely to political method* em
ployed. This is not quite true, a£ -will be dis
covered when the campaign is on, if it ~omes
on with Mr. Gage as standard-bearer,/' but
may not objection to political methods be a
: valid objection? Is it thoroughly unimportant
to the State and to public policy, what- sort
of political"- methods are employed in the man
agement of a: great political • party?
What is the status of .the Gage combination
to-day? On. what does that combination base
Its hopes' of controlling the next Republican
State. Convention?' On a coalition of the po
litical department of the Southern : Paclflo
¦Company, ths Burns push south of ' Market
street In San Francisco ¦ (and the same sort
of ¦ an element . in Sacramento and -. tos An
geles), reinforced by that portion of the Cath
olic' hierarchy -'headed by Father Peter C
Torke. .' . ¦¦. „
There Is, a, combination not to be despised
in a convention, but does It represent the in
telligence, the political convictions, the civil
conscience and the higher interests of '¦* the
Republican, party- of California? If. that com
bination does not so represent the consensus
ot Republican ; thought and feeling In- this
FtatethWit -ought notao be allowed to dic
tate the nomination of,, a State ticket ani to
choose the ¦ standard-bearer for the coming
ckctlon. . ,- -,- - - ¦' ¦ '¦¦...-. .
..But- It: may. .With the "advent^of Dnnlel
Burns a* manager ' of the Republican- push In
-Pap Francisco • the control- of , the party maa
jhlnery^ wae surrendered. Into his hands, and
.the rank and file of the party seemingly have
rot those sterling qualities of; manhood heres
rary_ to prompt them to- take . the relne - of
•poT7er- from' the hands, of : this ¦ usurper and
place them where they belong— In the hands
of the regularly elected representatives of the
party. - - ¦ , - • ¦ ¦ . /
The Republican State Central . Committee Is
the most Innocuous . and absolutely powerless
political, organization on earth.'. It has -not
the poor 'privilege of selecting Its own- officers
and • has .pot ,' had ¦ since Daniel - M. r , Burns con
trolled ;the. convention ¦ that- nominated Mark
ham ¦• for. Governor. •The only /.function r that
that '; committee , performs Is to call .» the 'next
convention. 'and even that function is' so ad
mirably, programmed . before .the committee
meets that; the committee has I nothing . to do
tut ratify, what the programmers have done,
and * the , programmers .are always the willing
servants of, Mr. j'Burnsi .-» -;^, -. ¦,-,,.,¦;
{J- It "cannot be denied .that the'; combination
¦above outlined. Is hard to beat. The elements
of it are all stayers. : - The political department
of the Boutbern Pacific will . stay to- the I end.
Mr. Burns .will stay, and , Peter C.-Torke iwill
fight everything in sight . until" the ¦¦ cows come
home. . . •. n ..-.'- s i; ¦'•.;•;. ;. ; •• •-. . s ¦ .
> But that combination ' can be ' beaten' if the
Republicans of California ' will awake i to s the
true situation- and recognize tha; party . onTa
•more representative basis. -The Tank and file
X.f the Republican party in California has the
Intelligence and Integrity to> warrant th«n . In"
attempting to make the, party machinery; truly
representative > and not- an- oligarchy,' as-lt: Is'
.now. representing nothing except, the- three
allied interests a.bove; mentioned.- ¦ '¦ "- ' -.
New. Russian Loan.
BERLIN, March 17.— The particulars of
the new Russian loan were published nere
to-day. The loan amounts to 393.000,000
.marks, of which 300,000,000 marks is issued
now at 4 per cent. . The loan covers Rus
sia's portion of the Chinese Indemnity: It
ia offered for subscription In Germany,
Holland and Russia.. '
Arthur Bodgers Becotrering.
PASAD-ENA. March 17.— Arthur Rodg
ers; Regent of the State University, \ has
been very ill with nervous prostratlon.'Jn
Hotel Green. His physician said to-night
that he was getting along nicely, and
would soon be out. ¦_¦*;-'> fTrr-«'-*'->i -'-*•*- '
Pomona Progress:
The administration forces understand well
that the sentiment In .Pomona -is strongly
against the renomlnatlon ; of Gage for Governor;
and they know, also, that neither of the Re
publican papers of this city .will support him.
And they have been figuring for some time to
devise ¦ ways and ¦ means to get a Gage organ
here. There seemed to be no other way except
to "buy a paper in Pomona- and make a Gage
organ out of It," as one of the administration
forces said the other -day, or — what would b«
Just -as good — get a Gage man to buy one. It
is understood that the Review will be for Gage
in .the coming campaign. It will certainly
not be Democratic any longer, as Mr. Swanton
is not of that political faith.
San Jose Mercury:
It Is undeniable that organization is >as es
sential -to 1 politics as It Is to business, to soci
ety • or .-. to , any other human ¦ agency for - the
accomplishment of a purpose or the ; vindica
tion of a principle. - From the first recordatlon
of; history every government . having the sem
blance . of democracy has seen the division of
its citizenship Into parties and party organiza
tions under: the leadership of statesmen or
demagogues. '^^s^.i^^ty^f^g^Sjt^l
It is not the organization of -party forces;
it is not the leadership of honest men* possess
ing a genius for organization ¦ and command
it Is not the success of political parties thus
organized or offered at .which the -people of a
etate or a republic complain. It is the degen
eration of. the organization Into a machine; It
Is the degeneration: of leadership Into bosslsnv
It is the elevation' of > • that lowest
stratum of .politics.*, which has come
to.be known as "The Push," Into seats
of honor, ¦ of ; influence, and opportunity for
plunder. .-. .which arouses public objection and
weakens the loyalty of honest citizens to par
ties and even to the principles which boss
ridden and push-exalting parties are supposed
to represent. >, •' • '-¦ ; '-. -
The- machine: in politics has become a term
of suspicion and reproach. It is - understood
to mean that state of a political party wherein
the . leader • has. been dethroned by the boss
and the organization has fallen Jnto the hands
of^ the push. It sometimes occurs that even
after parties - have, .thus happened - upon evil
days they win in elections and attain tem
porary successes tor their candidates -and
principles." This is largely due to the fact that
there are many honest *nd reputable mm .'who
Bed Bluff Sentinel:
Gage went Into office with the strongest
promises of being independent and free from
corrupting influences, but he betrayed his high
position into the hands of the bosses and
brought into contempt his official station'- by
using appointments as a club In attempting to
force upon the. people of Calif ornia a • candi
date for United States Senator who was utterly
repugnant to a large percentage' of our citi
zens. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ......
. Another, shocking example of. his surrender
to the corrupt political bosses was the appoint
ment of that noxious • boss, Johnnie McKenzte
of San Jose, as a trustee of the Home for the
Feeble-Minded at Glen Ellen and the dismissal
of Dr. Osborn, who was at the head of .that
institution. Dr. Osborn has a clean and hon
orable record, having made a special study of
the affUcted ones In his charge, and the one
act of Governor Gage's administration in dis
missing him without cause or, reason should
defeat Gage for the Republican nomination.
A vast, number of Republicans who say little
and never take an active part In politics are
bitterly opposed to Gage and will consider it a
pleasure to vote for his opponent if he should
be nominated. ._ His nomination will • mean de
feat, and. if the Republicans of California are
wise Henry T. Gage- will not be their standard
bearer. -The day of corrupt political bosslsin
and its subservient supporters is almost at an
end, and a blow that will mean Its death will
be the defeat of Gage. •
Mosely . will also defray the expenses
pf a. visit to ; the ' United i States at the
same' time of -a commission of experts
whose object is to inquire Into the edu
cational systems of the United States.
- Fred -Mdsely :1s- coming to the United
States to. arrange' for the visit to this
country in, the. autumn of a commission
representing workmen's organizations in
five-sixths -of -the Great Britain indus
tries. .The delegates, who will be elect
ed, are to accompany- Mosely at his ex
pense.: They -will 'be accompanied by
newspaper and- literary men.
LIVERPOOLs March 17.— The White
Star Line steamer Oceanic, which sails
Trcm this port "Wednesday, March 19, for
New; York, will have among her passen
gers''Alfred Mosely and the Marquis
-To whshend.- -"-;¦"-- ¦
ENGUS3 COMMISSIONERS
~y^-- TO -fVTsfr- UNITED STATES
Governor Gage has made his. political policy
and chosen - his : political ¦ associates -. and ¦ must
stand or^ fall ' by t that' choice. • When he • was
nominated, he loudly.- proclaimed himself as
opposed. to the domination of the Southern'Pa
cific Railroad In California politic*.'.-. Since his
election his most Intimate political adviser has
been' W.' F. -Herrin, ¦ political manipulator: for
the railroad' company.,' in legislation : and In
all ' public . policy ¦ the Governor" has stood for
the measures • backed ¦ by ; the ; railroad -. company,
many \ of. them of the most objectionable . pos
sible character. "In his appointments he has
recognized -and 'been, dominated by .; the most
vfclous. element whose boss and gang rule cor
rupts 1 the ; politics of ' the . State. . Many of .his
appointees have/been notoriously unfit, .'and
he has not : hesitated, as • in • the cane of : the
home, for ¦ the feeble-minded, ".to turn out an
experienced * and competent guardian/ of -the
helpless : in order to make '.them -the victims of
an incompetent and . unfit ; political :, henchman.
It, is in tHls. manner that, to a large .extent.'
he has ! exercised such ; powers of removal . and
appointment • as • the . law • gave 5 him, ¦ and, J not
satisfied with this, he. Included among the pur
poses : of ' the : call for an extra • session ¦'¦ and
strongly > urged "the ¦'- passage t of i a •> bill giving
him practical' power to remove and ttuperaede
every.' appointive employe ' of ,th«" State. -;; ¦ '
'.;; GoveVnor;Gage.". in: his announcement,' refers
to .the fact that his nomination', was originally
opposed, In Southern v California » on? the ground
that Southern California, wanted a Senator,' not
a " Governor, -which . objection - was "¦ "met j then
by my; suggestion- that-botha Senator i and • a
Governor come i from • the south. ' which I has be
come a demonstrated '.fact." ' -If Southern Cal
if ornia . has i a ; 8enator, , and he , a . man who is
an* honor - to . the - State, v It Is by.no aid of
Governor • Oage. ; Throughout • the . whole bitter
flght he was openly ! on the 'side of Dan Burns
He held back - all ' executive, appointments I until
the '"• Senatorial • contest . should : be determined,
and J farmed •: out ; the whole .- patronare . of : hia
high; of flee, for the sole purpose of compassing
the^ election •¦ of .- a man ¦ whose ¦ election would
have been ¦ a, public « disgrace and would have
sounded .the. death-knell: of 'ths : Republican
Fresno Bcpublican:
Nor • has the . Governor , shown himself | to ¦ be
the friend of measures in which Southern Cal
ifornia has a" vltal-:and- most pressings inter
est. We ' have :¦ In ¦' mind particularly - the bill
passed .- by : the ' Legislature to ' prevent frauds
in the manufacture and sale of fertilizers, and
a bill for the organization of 'storm districts,
both of which'billathe' Governor vetoed.- We
have no ? space . here ' to enlarge upon > the Im
portance of • these measures. . • They w'era wan
tonly defeated .by the Governor; one, • it is be
lieved, in • the • interest * of certain . San ¦ Fran
cisco manufacturers;- /the other, it- is believed,'
because " of his personal 'hostility - to ': the au
thor ; of -the ' bill.' -It was/ current ; report
throughout the - State, . and commonly, believed,'
that no bill could '.receive rha Governor's sonc
tion . whoee author had _ incurred dis
pleasure.' V • ,;'"<¦'*•¦ \- ¦ ' r :'-'-• •-¦
We - have had enough . pf .. Gage — Indeed, too
much, v •¦:¦¦¦
- But the culminating assumption in the Gov
ernor's proclamation Is the merit that he as
cribes to himself for the fulfillment of hl« pre
diction of 1898 -that both, a Governor ¦ and a
United States 'Senator should - come - from
Southern California. Evidently, on this sub
ject, no pounds have reached his ears but the
croaking ¦ of the pap-suckers about him. I He
does- not seem to realize' that, the people
know . full well how he used all. his personal
and ' official • influence • and .- the patronage •: of
his high office I to prevent - that prediction >of
1808 from ¦ coming true; ' On - the contrary, it
Is well known that he t used his utmost : en
deavor to elect to the Senate' Dan Burns, of
San Francisco, even /going, so. far as to .de
clare that he would regard, as his personal
enemy any -member: of -the- Legislature .who
should support a candlate from Southern Cal
ifornia. . And now the Governor has the cheek
to posebefore the people of; the. State as the
original -and' true-blue champion of a Senator
from Southern California. What, does he, take
the | people of Southern ¦ California for,' ' any
way? : And :to-day.; Dan. Burns Is a Gage man
and'Gage Is ¦ a Dan -Burns man. •
Pomona Progress:
The Herald realizes fully the power and the
Influence of the organized machine of the Re
publican party- In this State; it understands
the effect, of a declaration such as this;' but
we " believe we are, a better, friend of Henry
T. Gage, the man. in expressing -.and , main
taining the '.sentiments , here expressed than
are. many .of -those who after savagely knifing
him In the past now wheel Into line undsr the
iash' and through -a- desire for profit. 'The
Herald has opinions of its. own, and among
them is a very clearly defined one that Hen
ry T. Gage will not add. to his popularity and
to his standing in the party through 'his pres
ent ambition, even. If the machine is powerful
enough. to renomlnate him.
Not only through ¦ that Senatorial fight was.
Governor Gage . foremost in the Burns camp,
but his appointments generally have' indicated
that he . still -remains there, and it is plain to
everybody that it . is Burns 'and his lieuten
ants, and not. the people, who are now mak
ing the fight for, his renominatlon. •„..
This may be "good politics." 'but the Her
ald does not believe iL —.The Republican iporty
of California is like any other party; it must
have its so-called ' "bosses," and it must, play
into their hands more or less unwittingly.' But
a campaign like the present, one. Inaugurated
by the machine with a brazenness :that Is ab
solutely a challenge to the great mass of the
party, cannot, fall to result in rupture,. In bit
terness and possible defeat. Our honest opin
ion is that Henry T. Gage, admitting gladly
all the' good -things which may be said of him.
ihould appreciate the high honors already ex
tended, him sufficiently -to attempt to heal the
breaches . which he has -already . occasioned
through his loyalty to a friend, rather than
deliberately to adopt a course which will 'widen
them.
Santa Ana Daily Herald:
The fact • that Governor: Gage ' lent' his aid
to the abortive .attempt- to -elect •• Dan- Burns to'
the United • States • Senates in' the : face pf< party
and popular opposition; Is not" toi be .forgotten :
that he -is. allied with, the; '.'push" element in.
Republican politics. In61udlng.the' Southern Pa
cific Company's political manipulators, has not
been overlooked ; . tha t he •• made "• the : Home > for
Feeble-Minded Children, provide -berths for pot-,
house, politicians, turning -out; of , the -superln
tendency. a man of -note . In , respect to- the"
guardianship and improvement of lives so piti
fully ..blighted, is fresh in the minds : of the
people;' that -he Is personally ; arrogant, often
boorish, lacking in his personality Ihe char
acteristics that, should distinguish the "first
gentleman of the State," has ever been in
evidence. ' • l fi; Jj- - '¦ ¦ «v.
Modesto, -Herald:
It is said at the department that there
is nothing in the law or regulations to
prevent a - Minister or ' Embassador from
holding stock or even engaging in busi
ness in the country to which he is ac
credited. It is fuurther stated at the de
partment, and this has an important
bearing upon the charges preferred
against Embassador Clayton, that In
every step taken by him in the Mealey
case he has acted with the approval, and
In most cases Iiy the direction of the de
partment ' '
WASHINGTON, March 17.— A telegram
has been received by Secretary Hay from
Powell Clayton,, Ambassador • to Mexico,
declaring that the charges • preferred
against him connecting his name with
the ownership of Mexican mining stock
are false. ~\ ' -7 " : ¦ •
vent Him Engaging in
Business.
There Is Nothing in the Iiaw to Pre-
EMBASSADOB. CHuAYTON
DENIES THE CHARGES
Coming, to Central and Northern California
the Call, and Chronicle, of . San Francisco are
a power not to be Ignored. They are un
friendly to the Governor, and • the influences
behind him. \ They cannot well be spared in a
fight which calls for a combination of all our
forces and the proper placing . of our heaviest
guns — if we are to 'win.- To the. extent that
they represent the -honeft, sentiment of- the
Community they should be listened to by thfe
makers of the next State ticket.- |
Pomona. Times: ¦>¦ ; . ,^f : r"' '
• Governor Gage ¦ has openly - announced his
purpose to try • for a renomlnatlon •, and ' therer
fore re-election. There are many reasons ap
pearing, and 'that - will .-appear from time
to time,* why . he should, be . defeated. ' Should
he and -the machine bosses with whom ' he
works succeed - in" renomtnating him, : thsre
ought to be enough. independence In the voters
to defeat him at the polls. »-¦ Nearly every. bill
before the Legislature .'in; the. farmers' inter
est was opposed by him — among them the fer
tiliser bill, which had the most positive . . in
dorsement of the: leading and brightest fruit
growers of the State, and the University au
thorities finally asked him .to approve it.'. The
farmers' mutual ¦ Insurance, bill, and' the kero
sene oil test bill/ both valuable bills, met hts
opposition. Then that- very valuable bill pre
pared with great care .by the State Forest and
-Water Association and passed by, the people's
representatives' at r Sacramento was killed by
him. -. •)'. ...y
Every • farmer and fruit-grower • should op
pose Gage's re-election. ." Every one -Interested
— and who is not ?— In the impounding of our
mountain waters and ¦ In ¦ the protection of our
forests and the reforestation of our mountain
rides - should with all his power oppose his
re-election. • ¦ ' - ;"-'¦.' .' • . ¦; \
Napa Register: ; ' '',i-^^
Governor Gage-, is in many ¦ parts of- the
State very strongly opposed In his ambition to
succeed himself.. Never. In the history of Cali
fornia politics have. the. papers previously been
bo outspoken against an • official seeking' re
flection. And what may seem strange. South
ern California, which is usually a unit In sup-'
port of any - candidate living, south of Te
hachapl, is bitterest In 'opposition. . -
-Passing the hostile attitude of the Los
Angeles .Times. (the most . generally read paper
in the southern counties), the Republicans who
will in due time be authorized. to. nominate a
State ticket cannot- shut their eyes to the edi
torial expressions of such ¦ papers ' as the Po-'
mona Progress, Tulare Register, San Bernar
dino Sun, Modesto Herald, Fresno Republican
and other faithful recorders of political senti
ment In southern : localities:""- '
HUSBAND IS ACCUSED ---'..::
OF POISONING HIS WIFE
¦ — ¦— 9 . . i, *¦¦ - " 7 -* - I
Chemical Analysis :of the Woman's
Stomach. Results in the Finding
of Strychnine.
MUNFORD VILLE . Ky., 'March ' 17.— As
the result of a chemical analysis • of the
stomach of Mrs. Wilkerson, who died sew
cral weeks ago under suspicious •circum-
Ftances. her husband. Henry TVilkerson.
has been arrested and charged with- the
murder of his wife. The chemist. Dr.
Goodman of Louisville, reported the find
ing of three-fourths of a grain of strych"
¦nlne in the woman's stomach. Wilkerson
admits that he and his wife had quar
reled and, separated twice. . but stoutly
protests his Innocence. The parties in
volved are prominent and there is great
popular excitement, which has influenced
the authorities in removing Wilkerson t*
Bowling Green for safe keeping.
Dawson Editor Takes a Bride.
SEATTLE. March 17.— LJndley C. Bran
eon. . editor of the Dawson Sun and a
well-known coast newspaper man, was
jnarried here last night to Cora P. Austin
cf I/ds Angeles. Branson made a flying
trip up the frozen Yukon and down to
Seattle In. fifteen days, and his bride.
coming north from. California, arrived
here on the same day. - They will leave
for E>awson In a few days.
Whenever, the . politics . of a ¦ community - dis
close these symptoms of. degeneration and de
cay; whenever party leadership has come under
the control of a corrupt and purchasable boss;
whenever the push have "so possessed themselves
ot public place and patronage and power as to
cause putrefaction in the offices and appoint
ments which are at- the disposal of the organi
zation. It is high' time for party . revolution,
and for a reorganization of politics under new
leaderships and upon 'more honorable- lines.
In a time of such revolution the decent mem
bership of the gang have.no right to further
degrade their party by lending their reputable
support to- a discredited boss or. a disreputable
push. . Their place is with other honest men
In the struggle . for the reclamation of their
party from the controt of the boss, the do
mination of the push and the stigma of predav
tory politics, which Inevitably attaches to that
party which long continues under the control
of the one or submits to the elevation of the
other. •. . ¦
BERLIN, -March 17.— During . the discus
sion of the educational estimates in the
lower house of the Diet to-day, the Minis
ter of Public Instruction, Dr. Studt, an
nounced that, the Government' was willing
as an experiment to permit girls to attend
the existing. gymnasium. ;a'nd-' also to es
tablish: a girls' gymnasium. 'but ' the Gov
ernment declined -• all ' responsibility. - for
the outcome of the experiment. -
. Regarding the attendance of girls at the
universities the Minister said the Govern
ment, failed to see that .there was any
universal 1 need "¦", of academic studies for
girls. .Therefore, it adhered to its deci
sion that they should only- be admitted
to "asv'guests. The ¦ Govern
?ment,: however, was * of - the- opinion that
in order -to. maintain-: the idealistic posi
tloniOf German* women in the home, the
instruction of girls in -the high schools
should . accord ' more -i closely with' the re
quirements of the present time;- .
are ¦ so committed 'to" the need" of . organization
and are «o deatrous of partisan success as to
accept reluctantly the dictation ! of a - boss and
submit to distasteful; association with the posh
iii order that party principles may be trium
phant or 'party victory, be achieved.. This ag
glomeration.- of' the decent -with • the, ¦ disreputa
ble Is known as "The O«njr."vs .-
clines Responsibility for Out
come of the Experiment. V
German Government, • However, De-
DECIDES TO PTTRMIT \ GIRLS
TO . ATTEinJ* GYMNASIUM
dldacy of GovernorGage for rcnomlnatton than
the bad political methods- for which he stands
and the unhealthful political forces behind his
candidacy, ' they ought to prove a bar to.fur
ther preferment, -v- •¦''•/' :-.'. tCsvjfS
It is a fact that representations have
been made to the President which reflect
upon Powdering . administration., though
the Commissioner General is confident
that he can answer; each and every alle
gation in such a way as. to prove, that
what he did. was 'done In accordance with
law and regulation. '¦ . -.; • ,
The President believes, however, that
the good of the- service demands a thor
ough sweeping out. He wants to get . a
man as Commissioner General who has no
prejudices and who will proceed ener
getically to correct certain abuses which
have been brought to Roosevelt's atten
tion.
No matter what pressure Powderly may
apply, however, it will be fruitless. The
President has determined to make a
change in the office and* Powderly must
go. Powderly's chief grievance is hia re
moval-with Fitchle' and McSweeney. He
holds that. his administration of the of
fice of Commissioner General has been
clean, and that he should not be dis
missed in company with men whom he
has strongly condemned. ;¦<-_- ¦*>¦ ••
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. March 17.- Terrence
V. Powderly, Commissioner General ; of
Immigration, has announced .to . his
friends that he must be dismissed from,
office before he will retire. The President
is prepared to take this action. Powderly
went to New York to-day to participate
in the St. Patrick's day celebration In
that city and, it is thought, to have a talk
with his friends for " the purpose of ob
taining their support in his campaign for
retention. ' ¦ ' • ~\ - ¦
"It is high time, some steps were taken
to prevent a repetition of this sort of
t Wnp,'*^ h* concluded. "Who can tell who
Trill be the next in the ambuscade of the
press?"
The House then, a.t S p. m.. adjourned.
Resents ITewspaper StoTy.
Wachtfr of Maryland', rising" to a ques
tion 4it personal privilege, had read a
newspaper article, charging that the
Speaker had attempted to coerce his ac
tion on the question of Cuban reciprocity
by threatening to defeat an item on the
river and harbor bill, la which he was
reported as interested. Wachter de
nounced the story as an unqualified false
hood.
Richardson of Tennessee made the point
of order that the question presented was
not one involving personal privilege, but
the Speaker overruled the point of order,
holding that the matter presented was an
attack on a member In his representative
capacity.
"I consider It not only an attack," re
sumed Wachter, "but a cowardly at
tack."
Proceeding, he denied in the most em
phatic terms that the Speaker had at
tempted to Influence him in any way and
said that-.-the river and harbor project re
ferred to in the newspaper- was not In
his district and he had no personal inter
est 5n It. - ' . .
Are Being' Decreased.
Burton said that the appropriations for
river and harbor work, instead of In
creasing with other governmental ex
penditures as was popularly supposed,
were in reality decreasing. Burton also
denounced the popular idea that unworthy
projects for the improvement of bays and
creeks absorbed a proportion of the ap
propriations in the bill. The appropri
ations were not divided up according to
Spates and localities. The great projects
In "which the whole country was inter
ested absorbed J50.000.OCiO. with $00,000,000
carried and authorized by the bill.
Burton then entered into the details of
the bill. One of the important new feat
ures of the bill, he said, was a provision
for a board of five engineers, familiar
with all river and harbor Work, to pass
on surveys, examinations and estimates.
Bellamy of North Carolina criticized the
bill tor what he declared was the unjust
treatment accorded North Carolina. The
States represented on the River and Har
bor Committee, he said, received $47,000,
000 of the $60,000,000 carried by the bill.
WASHINGTON. D. C. March 17.— The
House to-day began consideration of the
river and harbor bill. Burton of Ohio,
who is In charge of the measure, in his
opening statement said he would . not
discuss the benefits . to commerce ; and
trade from, the appropriations contained
In the bill, but would confine himself at
some length to discussing some popular
misapprehensions with reference to It.'
In the first place, he said, the impression
existed that the bill carried something
over JOO.000,000 for the ensuing fiscal year,
whereas It carried but" 524,030,000 of actual
appropriations, the "remaining ?3C,000,000
being simply authorized to be appropri
ated under the contract system. There
was also, he said, a mistaken idea that
the pending measure carried larger ap
propriations than any previous bill. In
1S90, he said, the actual appropriations in
the bill exceeded 525.000,000. For the cur
rent year the appropriations contained in
the sundry bill, to provide for continuing
contracts authorized in river and harbor
bills, were $37,000,000, against J1LOO0.OO0 for
the two previous years.
¦ "WASHINGTON." March 17.^-The Senate
Committee on Foreign .. Relations ,. : has
decided to again take ub the reci
procity treaties which 'are before the
Senate with a view to securing such
amendments to them as. will insure their
There h&s long been, con
'tentlon on the part dt the members of
the House that because these treaties
affect the tariff system they be
p&s-scd upon by the House as well as ,by
the Senate. The/Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations was not- disposed to
concede this point, but because the Ding
ley bill .authorizing these commercial
agreements contained a provision ' re
quiring the consent of • the ; entire Con
gress the committee has now taken a
position favorable to the House conten
tion by adopting the . report prepared • by
its sub-committee, of Iwhich Senator
Spooner is chairman. It is '.understood
that the next step will be In this direc
tion, and it is probable the question will
be taken up at the next regular meeting
to be held on Wednesday of this , week.
Senator Aldrlch. who has contended that
the treaties should be considered in,^the
light of tariff legislation, will be invited
to appear before the committee, and give
his views on the subject. If the amend
ment is «Ciade to one of the treaties it will
be made to all of them- and to all agree
ments of the kind which may in the lu
ture be entered. Into under. the provisions
of the Dingley act. The members of the
Committee on Foreign Relations are out
speken in their declaration that this con
cession does not in any way affect the
treaty-making power of the President and
the Senate, which, they contend, is exclu
sive of the House, but a majority .of the
members say that as they voted for the
Dingley bill, which contains the reciproc
ity clause, consistency on their part re
quires that they should insert this
clause. They also say that their inser
tion of it will be a notice to all foreign
powers that such provision will be re
quired In ail future reciprocity agree
ments.
Commercial Agreements to
Receive Consent of the
Entire Congress.
President Roosevelt, However,
Is Determined to Have ; '' v i
a Change.
Bellamy Protests Against the
Unjust Treatment of
North Carolina.
Senate CommitteeMakes
Con cession to Insure
Ratification. •
Refuses to Retire Until
Dismissed Prom
Office.
Burton Explains the
River and Harbor
Bill.
HOUSE TO PASS
ON THE TREATIES
POWDERLY SAYS
HE'LL HOLD ON
APPROPRIATIONS
ARE DECREASING
GAGE'S SURRENDER OF HIGH
PREROGATIVES TO A BRACE
OF BOSSES IS DEPLORABLE
G- OVERNOR r GAGE has lost the. confidefnee^f the, people. It is the common impression in
the minds of Republicans throughout the State that he cannot be re-elected. He has thrown
to the winds all i semblance . of \ respect for the position -that he occupies. . He has so abso
lutely surrendered the administration of State /affairs to Herrih and Burns that he cannot make an
appointment to the Board of State Harbor Commissioners or to/a district - agricultural ..society
without asking the advice and consent of the bosses. The dieers of the people for a good man
for United States Senator were "ringing : in his ears when .'; he went over to the railroad yards
and joined the. aljled bosses in; a campaign to force the election of Dl M.. Burns to the United
States Senate. Gage's neighbors in the south avefthat he did not keep faith with them.^He has
certainly proved faithless : to the stahyart Republicans; of the north, who gave him .such splendid
majorities in th<e campaign of 1898. But what tells most against him in the minds.of Californians
is his humiliating surrender of the high prerogatives of Governor to a brace of common political
bosses. The citizens of California are ashamed; of Gage, and his associates. .Newspapers other
than The Call oppose Gage's renomination; as the' reader may infer from the following excerpts
from influential newsnaoers 'published in all oarts. of California:
5
party. In California., "When, finally, the victor
¦for . political ; decency was won . the Governc
got the sulks, like a spoiled baby, and refuse
even to attend the reception given to Senate
Bard— a -direct /and Intentional Insult . to on
of ; the 1 most '¦ honored < citizens of his . own sec
tlon, and to the decent element of all- parties
which' was 7 rejoicing-, as-lt -never rejoiced be
fore, In California, over a victory beyond pre
cedent.
i Personally . the Governor has been makln
enemies ever since he has been in office.. ¦¦- H
Is tactless, arrogant,, impatient and lnconsld
erate. He . has not kept his promises, ¦ no
shown regard •-. for < the responsibilities of hi
high office. .He has alienated the frlendshl
of practically all the free newspapers and mos
of the free public men of the State.- He ha
sought to court favor with the I thoughtless ¦ b
wholesale vetoes and has. then forfeited eve
that claim .by approving much at> the 'mos
vicious legislation foisted on the Legislature b
the very, pernicious Influences - from ''which h
drew his own political. inspiration. - .He has
In, fact, done e very thing" In his. power to rende
himself an Impossible • candidate,':;and now • in
vltes the Republican party, to; Join -Itself to th
fortunes of > that 'Impossible -candidate and g
down to defeat with him. ¦.,:',., -•¦;,-' "..'K-Jth:
¦ The Republican* party will ;not-'doit. • Th
machine iriay send as many, delegates ns I
can to the State convention and deliver all th
votes for 'Gage, »' but «the» People'.- on' the -Una
test, control . even .a } State- convention; and th
people are opposed >to the: Governor. "Callfornl
is Republican. • It believes In Republican prln
clples,- Is at thls:'tlme exceptionally intereste
In Republican policies.Xand .It wants a Reput
Mean Governor. .*;The* people • know,: that if . th
Republican convention < renomlnates Governc
Gage : the •: onty ,;hope •: of •Republican 'success - 1
the remote r chance .;that <' the , Democratic- cor
ventlon will make even: &v worse mistake. VI
cannot count on -that chance. "'.There are goo
men In the Democratic party, but none. of thei
should be Governbr-of the; Republican Stats <
California. ¦;¦: If : the (Republican .party will noir
lnate -the , right; sort: of "a ¦ candidate: no Demc
crat has any .--possible; chance.' --. If .the-.Reput
lican' party -nominates Governor Gage it open
to the -opposition 'an opportunity which It car
not expect them to. be too stupid' to take ac
vantage of. ¦'"¦ :•¦¦*-*-.'¦. ¦-¦¦.-¦- ; -¦-¦¦
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
——OF THE
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFOBD. IN* THE STATE OF. CON-,
nectlcut. oh the 31st day of December. A. D.
1001, and for the year ending on that' day;
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of Section 613 of the Political Code of
Net value of- Real Estate owned
Dy the company..: $11,919,575 31
Amount of Loans seeured toy Bond •
and Mortgage on Real Estate — 23.551,115 51
Amount ', of ¦loans secured by. . ,;.''="¦
¦ pledge of Bonds. Stocks or other
marketable securities . as ' col-
lateral .- 8.300 00
Premium notes and loans In any ,
form taken in payment of . pre- . ¦ - \
""- mlums on policies now In force- . 697,032 91 -
Cash market value' of . all Stocks ' ¦ .
and Bon da owned by the Com- - "'
pany .-..; •'• 28.733.36878
Amount of Cash deposited -In
Banks ...V..... 1.105.970 21
Interest due and accrued 900.712 62
Rents due and accrued:..' .'.. 10,633 2S
Net amount of premiums In pro-
cess of collection, and of de-
ferred premiums 354.470 24
Total Assets .$65,277,179 21
' . LIABILITIES. 7~T r ~~~~'
Claims for death losses and ma- .
tured endowments, due. and un- '¦•'•: > '
paid $43,199 SO
Claims for death tosses and ma-
• - tured endowments . in. process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not
-due .......:....... : 149.780 00
Claims resisted by the Company. . ¦ 29,300 00
Net present value of all- the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording- to the Combined Expe-
rience Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent interest...'. ...'. 54.277.657 0O
: Amount of all unpaid dividends . - -,;.»-
to policy holders 1,101,433 21
Add ; tional rjserve-by Company's
•tandard. Am. Table Zft per .
cent on insurance since April 1.
1882 ... 2.470.434 00
All other liabilities ' 195.073 91
Total Liabilities .S5S.26ti.138 62
INCOME. >.V
Cash received for premiums on •
new policies during the year. ; . . $403,636 67
Cash received for renewal of pre- Vr««"-*«'
mlums during the year ..... , 4,689,613 79
Cash received for sale of annuities 15.783 09
Cash- received for interest - 2,527.195 48
Cash received for rents ..... . . • 457.631 10
Cash received • from -all" .other • • -.-•.
sources • "...'.' 88,603 75
Total Income ". $3,182,473 SS
. ; * EXPENDITURES. " *
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments ................ $4,633,270 OS
Cash. paid to annuitants.......^.,. -4.224 87
Paid for surrendered policies...... *> 554,217 43
Paid for dividends to policy hold-
* IS .......:..... ...» 1.284.906 24
Commissions paid to agents. ...... 402.703 SI
Salaries - and other compensation
-tof officers and employes.- except •> '- ¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦
agents and' medical. examiners. . 181.013 34
Salaries and traveling expenses of. . ¦
managers-of agencies.;.;...;.... - 18,500 fid
Medical examiners' -fees and sala- •-.'•• •( :
ries .. ;...,...,.. ;..". 23.972 *4
Cash pald'for taxes. ,r.. ......... 228,856 63
Cash paid for rents ;,.....* 8.373 «S
All other cash payments-....:.... . - 549.7S4 27
- -Total Expenditures during the-
- - -year ........ .'. . ..V. . ;. .>. »7.872.913 23
¦ ' ; : '; ; PREMTOM-NOTE ACCOUNT^
Premium not«» and other . ' '¦ .
\ premium obligations at
' ¦ beginning of the year.. $763,861 90 .
: ''-*•;_ Total' V.i..;..V..I.^>; $763,861 90
Deductions rdurtar'tast-' '._-¦; -.- ••••- .
¦:: ;. year. 'as follows:,- • ; ;-.^,*: ' \:.y, -
Amount of notes and oth»r
-.-premium. r obUgatl0DM v . ; ;>•..»'; *.
.used .to .payment «t'^ ¦ ;_.;. '¦ ..;>-.
- : losses and claims . ....... $18.919 .73 ...^ x .
Amount of notes and other .-•;.,
premium < obligations '
¦ ' ui«d In purchase of aur- qhCfli
'rendered pclides .".....;. .t,48T W:- > -, : . r
Amount of .notes and other- ,.:*-;:
jpr«mta.m obligations
used tn payment of div- '.\ : -_-~ , K . > : ¦?_
.' idends to policy holders. 29,070 S3 ". - . ;.-;:
Amount of notes and other •• - ' •-
-premium obligations . . . .
redeemed ' by - maker ¦ in
7 cash ...... ......... V1 . * 1*351 OT
• Total rednctlonofPra- /
. - mlam-Note Account - J88.S2S 9t
Balance, note assets at ; ¦ -• " -.
end of the year. .... . . $897.033 91
JACOB U GREENE. President. :
HERBERT H. WHITE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before ms. this. 10th
day of February. 1902. ., •
NATHAN F.' PECK.
; ,. •' ' . ¦¦ . : . . Notary Publlo.
A, K^. P. HARMON,
DISTRICT SUPERINTENDENT *•
PACIFIC COAST ADEN C! S3.
jr. r. noyes;;
'- GENERAL. AGENT. " ..
80-31-82... .......MILLS BUILDING,
' -'-' : - SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
THE f EEKLY X)ALL.
$1 per Year.
i In" the past, Paine's Celery Compound
as a spring medicine has saved thousands
.of precious lives; to-day, its work is
greater. - more widespread. • and more
commanding than ever before, because
people know > It better and use it more
freely. Headaches, sldeaches, backaches.
heart trouble, sleeplessness, cold chills,
night sweats and fevers are quickly ban-
ished when Paine's Celery Compound is
faithfully used, g No other spring medicine
keeps the confidence of so many earnest
men " and women. • Paine's - Celery ! Com-
pound has compelled the admiration of
the medical world, and will hold Us high
position as the ' surest, best and most
effective health giver. One or two bottles
used at this time will work wonders for
all who are weak, run down, nervous,
and out-of-sorts.
Those whose- intelligence directs them
to* make' use of Paine's Celery Compound
know just what to expect In results when .
the -great medicine is used. ' They are
aware.- of "the "fact that, their relatives,
friends and neighbors have used Fame's
Celery j Compound' in the* past, and that
it has, Jn every case, proved the Ideal in-
vigoratbr. , f qr . the run down. '- weak and
suffering; It has cleansed the blood and
caused the life stream to" course with
vigor, and ".health t«r" every part of the
body; it has braced the nerves; it .has
banished the agonies 'of rheumatism, neu-
ralffla and dyspepsia.. and has triumphed
over "deadly kidney disease and liver trou-
bles.' ,-• ' ¦ — "; —
-.: In sorlngtlme thousands resort to soms
remedy to purify the blood and to arouse
its circulation with the view of banishing
diseases common. at this season. -
Life Worth Living.
Wiir Remove Your Burden o£ Dis-
. ease and Suffering and Slake
Paine's Celery Compound
Slpringtime
MZaxi'tk. n
Its Enjoyment Depends Upon
Your Condition ol Health.
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND.
nSimnnri Do!n44 tor a!1 decorative work.
UlafHOnU f dllilS Equal to 60c. Gold Paint.
I San Francisco. Tu«day # - 18 March, 1902. '*'r; : '\:^° f : -'' ±.~*.
|To=day
ff Q - ¦ Q . ¦ '
a - Here's an early springtime 'opportunity- that should not be .'
a overlooked byj economical housewives. House-cleaninj? time is
H nearly here, and some new window "fixings" are : almost sure
i to be needed. . . . ¦?">
1 The curtains we will offer at special sale;to;iay-are the pop- > ~y'
S ular'NottinRhams. which sell regularly inall stores at $1.25 the
f| pair. Our price to-day only will be 95c. th e' pair. .
U The sizes are 48 inches. by 3 yards and 50 inches by 3^
I yards. There are several different patterns to choose from and "-)
m two colors — white and ecru! s > /;
I 1 * Sale is positively for this one day only, and no mail or tele-
fi phone orders will -be 'honored at the special ; figure. No more
I] * than six pairs will be sold to any one purchaser. >
\i O — ' ' 1 o ¦ ' :- "•
g J While you're in the store don't fail to s"ee the new spring
S I patterns in Body Brussels and Axminster carpets on the sec-
B I ond floor. No obligation at all to buy. •
¦ o .. . . : ¦ — -i— — —— o •' ¦•'.
I (Successors to California Fvrnftvrc Co.)
¦ 957 to:977 MarKct Street; Opp. Golden Gale' "Avenue.
Do ¥oii wcHf {
To the man who does not U/jgjr j ;( j|] ' I fy\\ )))
wear pajamas we want to say \\\W J, I klj 7 fflsJ/I
; that they ;^are : very- comfortable Tilfj -'j ffiffff
and warm,. and are really the \^V| \\\//^C//J {
\ -sleeping garments . for - ; i I rP'
men. Traveling people all over HI !iffiflj j
:.^^ the. world consider their ward- 0,1 J V j Jl |M "ffi 1 d |-
robe incomplete without a few iff f f \\\\ H
suits of pajamas. : , . [f///A\| I
To the man who wears pajamas we l///f/Avl li
want to say that we have them at fjiffffltlih
$f:oo a suit that warrant his investi- ..-,. jffl j]Jf\\ II
gation; they- come ;in madras, .soft ' ff t IfiW I If
¦ flannelette^ and oxford in -up-to-date;, ififfil I 11
•colorings and patterns, : Byron or mil- . - f/jf/j/ I; If!
itary collars (as pictured); the value /////// I 11
of the pajamas according to exclusive lit till ' I T
haberdashery' stores '.is $1.50. Our tti'\lH I 1
¦ Out-of-town orders filled— wrii 3 1 us. • A^^
¦ f ;f^7rl8' ; i^pk^:S^reet; :MISS UVINZA C. COLES OF KINGSTON, PA., WHO IS GAINING A
REPUTATION AS A PROPHETESS, SUCCESSFULLY GIVING ADVICE
. ABOUT LOVE, AGRICULTURE AND BUSINESS AFFAIRS.
TUESDAY..... ....MARCH 18, 1902
JOHN D.SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
litntt All Cexsmnnieations to w. 8. LEAKE, Xanigtr.
SI AX AC Ell* S OFFICE Telephonit Preii 204
1'IULICATIOX OFFICE. . .Market a»d Tkird..*. F.
Telephone Press SOI*
EDITORIAL IIOOMS 21 T to 221 SIctmiiob St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered hr Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weel".
Stngrle Copies. Si Cents.
Terms *>r Mall. Includtnsr Poatasrei
HAILT CALL dnclufiin* 6unfi»y). one year .....$6.00
DAILY CALL (lnclndlnr Sunday), 8 month* 8.00
DAXLT CALL (lnetudlnc Eur.dar). 8 raoaths 1.60
DAXLT CALL— By Single Month 63c
FCKDAT CALL. One .Tear.... - • 1.99
WEEKLY CALL. One Tear • 1-00
All postmnster* are authorized to recelr*
subscriptions.
Sample ccnles wQI be forwarded when requested. •
Van rofcserlbers In ordering change of address should te
particular to eive both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
te luure a prompt and correct compliance with their reaut*L
0A1CLAXD OFFICE 1113 Droadwnr
C GEORGE KROG.VRS*.
Ktctptr Foreign Adrertitiag, Kargnetts Bnildia-j, Chic»jj.
(Long Dlnance Telephone "Central 2019.");
'KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX.... Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE*
»TKPHBV «. SMITH 3O Tribune BalldlnK
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION Of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of February. 1902.
Frbrnary 1 00,.*><3O February 15 ..... 58,730
February 2 00,0m) February 10 70.480
February 3 WI.1WI February 17 5K,f)00
February 4 Kft.KiK) February 18 CO.23O
February 5 R9.12O February 1O 5S.T7O
February « ns,7H<> February 2O. . . . .S8.39O
Krl.nmry 7 .>,44(» Keliraary 21 3»,TKO
February S 5S^t«O February 22 50,140
February 0 00,080 February 23 70,lOO
February- JO 58,030 February 24 50,110 ,
February 11 5*1,500 February 25 58,020
February 12 5K,35O February 20 50.N4O
February 13 r»S.3»O February 27 30,31 0
February 14 5N,7><> > February 2S SK,S4O
Total 1,U03,3SO
STATE OF CALIFORNIA, )
CITT AND COUNTT OF SAN FRANCISCO. J cs -
On this 15th day of March, 1902, personally appeared
before me. William T. Hees, a Notary Public In and for the
city and county aforesaid. W. J. Martin, who, being sworn
according to law, declares that he Is the business manager of
the San Francisco Call, a daily newspaper published in the
City and County' of San Francisco, State of California, and
that there were printed and distributed during the month of
February. 1902. one million six hundred and ninety-five thou
sand three h*%»i£ed and eighty <l,C95,380) copies of the eald
newspaper, which number divided by twenty-eight (the number of
days of issue) gives an average dally circulation of 60,540 copies.
SEAL. I W. J. MARTIN.
Sutecrlbed and swern to before me this 15th day of
March, 1JK>2. W. T. HESS.
Notary Public In and for the' City and Countj%of San Fran
¦ cIfco. State of California, Room 1015. Claus Epreckels Bldg.
!*¦ The prodigal son ate husks, ¦ but he , left
a few for '. city -y. people : who spend ' sum
mer'In the country to Bleep on.- •,
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Best LIVCTMedlclne, Testable Cur« forLlverllla.
Blllousneos, Induction. Cozuttpatlon. Malaria!*
Catherine the Great ~or Russia durlnV
her • later years.^became - exceeding!?
fleshy, with; a red face deformed by car
buncles from her excessive use of lntoxil
cants. n - .'- -
•The- Iowa Assembly passed 'a woman suffrage bill
and sent it to the Senate,; where it - was: defeated.
Thereupon , the women ; smiled on the Assemblymen^
but:: frowned on. the ".Senators. The Senate : then
framed a •bill of its 'own on somewhat different : lines
and sent it; to the ¦ Assembly, where it was ; defeated. ;
and now. the women of Iowa smile no; more- ...*
• Special v Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men' by tha
I-ress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Mont
gomery i street. Telephone Main 1042. •
- The celebrated Zimmerman went- from
Hanover to attend Frederick the Great in
his last ll.lnessJ . One day the King said to
him, "You. have,' 1 1 presume,' helped many
a man Into another -world?"' This was
rather a bitter pill for the doctor; - but the
dose:.he>gave\the t Klng £ ln return: was a
Judicious mixture of 1 truth and flattery:
'"Not so 1 many as your Majesty,; nor with
so" much honor to v myself.? "Salad . for
the *' Social." De Witt and ; Davenport,
New York,.1856. . .•; ' ' , ..:
From Life's Contest of - Wit.
Townsend'o California glace fruit. 60c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets.'A nice present for Eastern frlendT
639 Market it.. Palace Hotel, building. •
MEADOlv- LAIIKS— Blllle D.. City. The
law of California relative to meadow larks
Is: Every person who,. in the State of Cali
fornia, shall' at any . time hunt. . shoot,
shoot at, pursJue. take, kill or destroy,
buy. sell, give away, or have In his pos^
session except upon a written permit from
the Board of Fish Commissioners of the
State of Calif Qrnla," for the purpose of
propagation or for education or scientific
purposes, any meadow lark, or any part
of the skin, skins, or plumage thereof, or
who shall rob the nest .or take or destroy
the eggs of any meadow lark, shall be
guilty of a misdemeanor; provided, that
nothing tn this section shall prohibit the
killing of a meadow. lark by the owner or
tenant of any premises where such bird
la found destroying berries, fruits or crop*
growing on such premises.-
Cal. glace fruit 50c per Ib at Townsend's.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*
' .The apparent failure - of the blockhouse- system
South Africa has led experts to look up. the subject,
and it is now asserted that the plan has never proved
efficacious 'in dealing with any resolute race of people.'
The Russians tried it for about ' twenty > years when
subjugating the tribes of. the • Caucasus and had .to
give it up at last as Useless and costly. In fact,' the
scheme; hardly commends: ; itself to .common sense.
Men who have^any^amount of vital energy can easily
get around a blockhouse, and if they, have any .fight
ing, energy they can put up a good battle, within sight
of it.-". . '¦- ¦ ¦•- " ¦ '..¦.¦. ' '.-. ' ' " '_"¦' ' '. • * ¦
ANTS-B. C. R., Oakland, Cal. Black
ants may be dispersed from & house in
fested with them by the use of green
wormwood leaves scattered where these
troublesome Insects are. Powdered bor«ix
sprinkled around the Infested places. It
is said, will exterminate both red and
black ants.- Red ants will crowd on a tin
plate greased with pure lard, and when
there is a plate full of them turn the
plate over the fire and the ants wiU fall
into the flames with the melting lard.
Then reset the trap, continuing this prac
tice until all the pests have been taken.
Place a few small stlcksaround the plata
for the ants to climb on.
MABRIED wpMAN- Doubtful. San Lo
renzo, Cal. A married woman can make a
will if it Is her separate property that
she desires to dispose of by testament.
She cannot will away any part of tha
community property, as under the law ot
California the surviving husband, upon
the- death of the wife, takes all the prop
erty without administration. In this State
the husband has the absolute* power to
dispose of the community property tha
same as if It was hl3 separate property,
and that being the case, can mortgage tha
same without the consent of the wife..
.By. diligently looking around for a Moses the Dem
ocrats of .New York think they have found one in
Judge Alton B. ; Parker of the Court of Appeals.
They are not sure of- him, however, and will try him
outby running him for Governor this fall should he
be found willing to, take chances.. Should he win he
will have a big boom for the Presidential nomination
in 1004, but should he v fail he will be lost in the
shuffle and will never be. a trump card again so long
as the present players are at the political table. His
friends say he is a very able man, but his only notable
attractiveness for campaign purposes-is that he is a
gold man, but took no part against Bryan, either in
1896 or 1900. Whether the Bryanites will regard that
as. an atonemenffor his objection to free silver re
mains to be seen. In the meantime the Judge loo.ms
above' the political horizon and casts a shadow that
looks portentous. Perhaps he is going. to be "It."
Blind Spot of the Eye.
If I wrote an article about the eye and
said nothing about the blind spot, which
is where the- optic nerve comes through
Into the retina, about one-tenth of an
Inch nearer the nose than the center I
suppose my readers would go to the box
office and demand their money back, says
a contributor to Alnslle's. Just -to be dif
ferent from other people, though, I will
not print a cross-mark here and dot over
there and tell you how to look - at it so
that the dot will disappe^f-. I could make
a big round spot more than three quarters
of an inch In diameter realize that It was
only mortal mind" and no real entity but
I won't. I know a better scheme. Close
your flsts with your thumbs outside and
held against each other. . Extend your
arms. Shut your, left eye and look fixedly
with your right eye at your left thumb.
Separate your hands, and when they are
about six inches apart the right thumb
will go. out of business temporarily, for
its picture will fall upon the blind spot.
Now,' here's the curious part of it. Though
men have tried all sorts of experiments
on themselves for unknown'thousands of
years, this phenomenon was not discov
ered until the time of Charles II of Eng
land.' The blind spot leaves* no hole in
the v picture of , the outside world, but,
there being no stimulation on that spot!
there is not consciousness of ¦ a lack, but
a ( lack of consciousness.*^: .<.;_
Makng of Pap »r Money.
"If there is any secret which Uncle Sam
jealously guards, says the Ladles' Home
Journal, it Is the process of manufactur
ing the fiber paper upon which his money
notes are printed. He pays a Massachu
setts firm' 43 cents a pound for it, and this
firm docs Its work under the surveillance
of a Government agent. Tho^ paper Is
manufactured of the finest rags, cleaned,
boiled and mashed Into pulp. As It Is roll
ed Into thin sheets silk threads are In
troduced into it . by - a secret process.
These are the distinguishing marks mak
ing Imitation of the paper well-nigh Im
possible. The sheets of paper, .already
counted twice and placed In uniform pack
ages at the paper mllli 'are: stored :ln a
Treasury vault and issued to the Bureau
of Engraving and Printing as. wanted: 1 Be
fore leaving the Treasury they are count
ed three times more, and. the receiving
official at the bureau must receipt ' for
them." Then - the bundles are unwrapped
and the sheets are counted twenty-eight
times 'by a corps of women: This is to
insure that each printer gets the recorded
number— no more, no less. If one .sheet
of this precious paper be lost the entire
force of men and women having access to
the room where the misplacement has oc
curred ' are kept ' in, like so many school
children, to flndr.lt. Each sheet is issued
from the vault for the printing of a defi
nite amount of money upon it. v if the
lost :' sheet were Intended to, ultimately,
represent four thousand dollars' worth of
notes the -group of employes to whom the
responsibility of Its misplacement | has
,been traced must make good that amount
if they, cannot locate it within a reasona
ble "time. -'The most expensive loss, which
has-, thus occurred was of .a blank, sheet
Issued ; for the ' printing ' of $80 upon Us
face.-fJohn Elfreth Watkins. Jr.j. in:' the
January Ladles' Home Journal.,
STANFORD ENDOWMENT— W. A. V.,
City. The landed endowment of the Stan
ford University in addition to the Palo
Alto estate consists of the Vina estate in
Tehama County of 59,000 acres, the Grid
ley estate in Butte County of 22,000 acres
and various, tracts of minor. importance.
The Stanford residence In San Frnacisco
has alsq been deeded to the university by
Mrs. Stanford. . The main part of th« uni
versity endowment included in recent
gifts of Mrs. Stanford consists of interest
bearing securities. The value of the en
dowment has been variously estimated at
H6.C0O.00O to $30,000,000.
There can hardly be a doubt that the' movement
will be highly beneficial not only to the South but to
the nation as a whole. In fact, the advancement . of ;
Southern. education is just now something like a na
tional necessity. The young men and women of that ;
section have nothing • like the educational \ advantages'
of those < of the North, and of course' the great ',. ma- 1
jority of them cannot afford to leave their, homes arid*:
go North to attend colleges of; technical J institutions.';'
A little generous help will, be an encouragement to
self-help. The manufacturing ¦ enterprises 'in ; the
South are flourishing, and it is onlyV a- question .of <
, .It is announced that while the board seeks incor
poration with large and liberal powers it will work
through existing channels, and on business princi
ples, aiding institutions already established instead
of seeking to found new ones. It will .do -its work
without discrimination of race, sex or creed.; The
directors, have had large experience, in educational
matters, and some of them have also had experience
in the distribution of the Peabody and Slater funds,
so that the work begins under the supervision of men
having a wide and accurate "knowledge of the
problems with which they will have to deal.
The association is to be known as "The General
Educational Board.". William H. Baldwin Jr., pres
ident of the Long- Island Railroad/ is chairman. Dr.
.Wallace Buttrick of Albany has been chosen- secre
tary of the board and will receive a salary ample
enough to justify him in giving. all his time and ener
gies to the work of the board. Among the direct
ors are President. Gilman of the Carnegie Institute
at Washington; Dr. J. L. M.. Curry, .who. for many
years was agent of the Peabody educational fund,
and Morris K. Jessup, president of the Slater educa
tional fund, . ; ./;' ' ij) ¦:¦,-.< " : , : -;.- ; .
SOME time ago The Call directed attention to
the beginning of a movement in" New York to
organize an association to promote education
throughout the Union wherever private liberality is
needed to help out the work of the States. The aim
of the promoters of the enterprise is primarily that of
helping the Southern States, whose universities and
colleges have received no share in that large flow of
contributions from the rich men and women of the
country that has done so much to advance the great
colleges of the North. It is gratifying to announce
that so cordially have philanthropic men united in
the movement that an association for the purpose
has been already organized, above $1000 subscribed
and steps taken to effect incorporation. .%
FOR SOUTHERN EDUCATION.
NICKEL AND COPPER— "W. S. M., San
Jose. Cal. There are a number of metal
polishes that will polish nickel or copper
that has become tarnished, or the same
may be cleaned and made bright by the
use of a mixture of rotten stone, soft
soap and oil of turpentine mixed to the*
consistency of stiff putty, then mixed with,
a little water when about to be used. I(
must be rubbed well on the metal, then;
rubbed off quickly with a dry, clean rag
or leather.
- During his recent visit to Washington Mr. Bryan
had a long consultation with the Nebraska men in
Congress, and it is now reported that the fusionists in
that State will nominate him for. Governor and let
him make the fight' of his life to see if he is still
worthy of a place in the ring. It is a big tumble from
running for the Presidency to running for the Gov
ernorship of Nebraska, but Billy may have to take
it and land as best he can. • ¦;"
HOW completely trade is separated from sen
timent is shown by the recent publication of
treasury statistics relating to our trade j with
Spain. Since the war in which we stripped the Span
ish of almost the whole of their colonial empire their
feeling toward us can hardly be one of great friend
liness, and yet we have been able to offer them such
good terms for both imports and exports that their
commerce with us has actually increased. The dip
lomatic officials of other nations have of late vied
with one another, in declaring, the friendliness of
their Governments for the United States during the
Spanish war, and yet, if we may judge by trade
statistics, our real friend is Spain herself.
The figures of the Treasury Bureau of Statistics
show that both the imports into the United States
from Spain and exports from the United States to
Spain were, with a single exception, greater in the
calendar year 1901 than in any preceding year. .Our
imports from Spain during the year ending with De
cember, 1901, amounted to $7,040,758, and bur ex
ports to Spain were $16,785,7^1. Comparing 1901
with 1891, it is shown that our imports from Spain
have grown from $4,906,475 to $7,040,758, and that
exports to. Spain from , the United States have in
creased from $12,887,477 to $16,785,711. Comparing
present conditions with those of 1898, it appears that
cur imports from Spain have increased from $3,608,
508 in 1898 to the above mentioned figure, $7,040,758,
and our exports to Spain from $8,050,475 in 1898 to
$16,785,7". : ' : j' : M.
It is noted by the treasury officials that the growth
of our trade with Spain is the . more interesting .be
cause our exports to many otheT European countries
show a decline. Thus it appears that in the calendar
year 1 901 our exports to Austria-Hungary, France,
Germany, Greece, , Italy, Portugal, Russia, Sweden
and Norway, Switzerland and the United Kingdom
show a decrease as compared with 1900; while to
Spain they show an increase from .$15,2^917 to
$16,785,711. On the import side our imports from
Austria-Hungary, Germany, ; Russia, Sweden and
Norway and Switzerland show a decrease, while
those from Spain have increased from $5,382,662 in
1900 to $7/040,758 in 1901. " '
Our exports to the Spanish consist mainly of ar-'
tides used in manufacturing, such as cotton, lum-.
ber and crude mineral oil. We also export to them a
good deal of tobacco. From them we import mainly,
fruits, wines, nuts, oil, chemicals, cork and a certain
grade of iron ore not readily produced in the United
States, Cali'fornians will note with interest that our
imports of oranges, lemons and raisins are not nearly
so large as they were some years ago, as California
producers are now. supplying a large part of the home
demand. Another statement of the. report, however
is not so gratifying. It appears that our imports of
preserved fruits from Spain have ¦ increased." This
. shows that while we are content to get such profits
as result from producing green \ fruit or dried ; fruit,
the Spaniards are deriving in our markets the larger
profits which flow from the manufacture of finer pre
serves. The time ought not to be far distant; when
California will supply the East with that • kind of
goods also. ¦ Wi\
ORGANISING CLUB— S. V. G.. City. If
a number of ladles desire to- organize a
society and literary club, all they have to
do is to meet In some convenient jslace,
have some one explain the purposikjre the>
meeting, then organize- by the election of
permanent officers, namely, president,
vice president, recording secretary, finan
cial secretary, corresponding 1 secretary,
treasurer and three or five directors, then
proceed to business.
TRADE WITH SPAIN.
E. Chambers, freight manager of the
Santa Fe, .with -headquarters in Los An
geles, is among the arrivals at the Pal
ace. • '
Abe Marks, a merchant of Uklah, is
spending a few days In the city. He has
made his .'headquarters 'at the Lick.
- E. R. Graham, the well-known oil man
who owns wells at Bakersfleld, Is at
the. Palace. ' ¦ ¦¦'. ''.- ,"-,
Henry Isaacs, who is connected with
the Santa Fe in Los Angeles, is at the
Grand.
Charles A. Royce, a banker of Wln
terSi is spending a few days at tho
Grand.
Ex-Governor James H. Budd has re
turned from a visit to Washington, D. C.
Peter Johnson, a jeweler of Angels
Camp," is at the Grand.
H..H. Mclntyfe. a mining man of Den
ver, is registered at the Lick. ~ . -
T. J. Donovan, a mining man of Ven
tura, Is a guest at the Grand.
Thomas Flint Jr., of San Juan, Is a
guest at the Palace. .
General W. Forsyth of Fresno Is at
the Occidental.
Slimson — How do you know?
"Why. I took them out of the water
and they turned brown in fifteen min
utes."—Life.
"Willie— Those gold fish you sent home
are fakes.
"Wot's de matter with you! Dey ain't
no stubs to dat kind o' seegars."—Cleve
land Plain Dealer. ._•
"Say, Weary, dls paper says dat King
Eddard smokes seegars dat cost $2 30 a
piece."
"Hully smoke, but I'd like to have de
stub of one of dem!"
'Caller— The minister's son is following
in the footsteps of that spendthrift, young
Jinks.
Miss Prim— Isn't that scandalous?
Caller— Hardly as bad as that. You see
he's a, tailor and is just trying to collect
his bill.— Chelsea Gazette.
"But if they follow the same rule,"
said one of those who were learning wis
dom at his feet, "what are we to do?"—
Chicago Tribune. * J !
"If you want to improve your mind,"
said the sage, "associate only with per
sons who know more than you do."
Fair Arrival — May I have a cro-wn of
the latest style?-- - .
.St. Peter— Fashions never change here.
Fair Arrival— Dear me! I have made a
mistake and come to the wrong place. I
thought this was heaven.— New York
Weekly.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ON THE PENSACOLA— S. P.. Cltyl A
boy 14 years of age cannot be enlisted as
an apprentice on board" "of the United
States ship Pensacola nor on board of any
other ship of the United States navy. It
is only a boy between the ages of 15 and
17 who will be Received and such . nuty
enlist with the consent of his parents;
parent or guardian. The term of enlist
ment is until the apprentice Is twenty-one
years of ace. .
BROKEN ENGAGEMENT-J. B.. City.
This department cannot ascertain that
there is a rule In the church you name,
or any other church, that retfijiiys that
a man who has broken off an Wgcisfement
shall, before he can marry any other
woman, obtain the consent of the woman
to whom he was first engaged. - .
TWO BANKS— F. E. »!., Millwood, Cal.
All savings banks In. San Francisco pay
interest on term and on ordinary deposits.
There are two of the banks that are,
called respectively Hibernia and German,
the first named "at Jones and McAllister
Streets and the other on California street,
near Kearny.
STlSteL— R- r>. C. City. This depart
ment has not the space to print the vari
ous processes by which steel Is prepared.
In Johnson's Universal Cyclopedia, to 6a
found In the reference room of the Free
Library, there is a lengthy article on the
manufacture cf steel that will probably
furnish the information you desire.
ARCTIC EXPLORATION— E.. City.
Fridtjof Nansen in his Arctic exploration
reached 86.14 N, 95 east, and a party led by
Captain Cagnl of the exploring expedition
by Prince Luigl. Duke of Abruzzl, reached
86.33 N.. nineteen geographical miles
nearer the pole than Nansen' s record.
NATIONAL DEBT— A. O. S.. City. The
national debt of France is 15,806,631,814 and
that of the commonwealth of Australia,
which includes Australia, Victoria,
Queensland. South Australia. "West Aus
tralia and Tasmania, Is $763,003,430.
PERSONAL ME.NTIOIM.
Thou shalt feed thy phagocytes only the food that they like. Thou shalt not force
upon thjr. phagocytes any food they do not like, or the dyspepsia will be visited upon the
children of those who do it to the third and fourth generation.
• Remember thy. bread. to bake it well, for he will not be kept sound thateateth bis
bread as dough. - ' .
Thou ghalt not drown 'thy food in sorrow, nor cover It with anger germs which tby
phagocytes detest.. . . . ' .*
Six days shalt thou wash and keep thyBelf clean, and the seventh thou shalt take a good
scrub bath, thou and thy son and thy daughter and, thy maid servant and the stranger that
is within thy gates; for in six days man gathers dead and decaying parasites and bacteria
enough for disease. • ..';*>- '.' •/••
Remember, thy sitting-room and thy bed chamber, to keep them ventilate*, that thy nights
-¦may be lorwr on, earth.-.,--,- .-.<. V:j ¦¦••/ -.-y 'J . • ¦ "¦ - • """ : "''*.'. ' ¦'. .
MISS UVINZA C. COLES of Kingston, Pa., is making a good living and
rapidly acquiring wealth as a prophetess, . says the North American.
Miss Coles makes luck charts, draws horoscopes, tells when to plant
and .*- transplant, when to, fish, when to make business speculations, and,
in short, when to do most things successfully, even Including picking- a girl or
man best suited to one's inclinations and getting married.
Besides this 1 , she issu«s each month a little magazine called "Storms and
Signs," which contains much Information, and, to those who have faith in it—
and they are not few— it is very interesting. A number of farmers take it and
are governed by its directions.
Miss Coles claims no great gifts of second sight or anything of that sort,
but she knows astronomy thoroughly, and she says she bases most of her pre
dictions on the planetary' Influence upon human and vegetable life. She says
that her father invented an instrument called the electric eye, by which things
hitherto hidden are revealed. It is supposed to be so powerful a microscope
and telescope that by its aid one is enabled to make discoveries which have>
a powerful . effect upon all conditions of life.
She. writes all the matter for her magazine herself, and in a little column
under the head of "What Our Thoughts. Say" she makes some happy observa
tions. Here are a few of the latest:. £
The world would be far better if there were more of "women's rights" and less of men's
wrongs In It. .
Good sense Is a diamond; modesty Is the setting, and neither would be perfect without
the other.
Many a man has lost a great deal of money through a hole in the top of his pocket.
,! Whenever we make a mistake you will see an account of it in the paper — the other half
is 'never told. ¦ .' . , • " :
.Miss Coles has formulated a series of health commandments which are worth
reading. She says: • /
DEER SKINS— D. V., Boonville, Cal.
In your letter of Inquiry you do not state
if you desire a method for preparing der
skins without or with the hair on. This
department -will answer upon learning,
what method Is desired.
LAST PERFORMANCE— "W. H.. City.
The last performance at the Metropolitan
Theater en Montgomery street, between
"Washington and Jackson, ' In San Fran
cisco, was on the night of the 28th of
April. 1S73. Vj&M ¦ ' -;£
STATISTICAL ATLAS — This depart
ment has no information as to the prob
able date when the statistical atlas asked
about shall be Issued. The United States
Government Issues an abstract of sta
tistics. • -
TRANSPORTS— N. Y., Alma, Cal. For
information about United States trans
ports address a communication to the
"Transport Service of the United States,
Folsom-street wharf, San Francisco,
Cal." . A
While there can be no question of the general loy
alty of the. colonies to the crown and the existence
of a-feeling of pride in being part of so great and
widespread , an 'empire, it is by no means probable
that even the most imperialistic of the colonies will
undertake much in the; way of contributing to ' im
perial defense. Sir Wilfrid Laurier, speaking for
the Canadian -Government, has' already declared a
doubt as to the possibility of devising a plan for
joint imperial defense. "In reply to the call for the
conference he says that he and his colleagues "do
not anticipate that in the varying conditions of the
colonies there can be any scheme of defense applic
able to all." .That seems to settle the question so far
as Canadian contributions to .imperial taxation is con
cerned. Canada, prefers to look out for herself. The
mother country must do the same. .
Questions of that -kind carry their answers with
them. Moreover, they are highly significant. If no
one foresaw two years ago what the war would cost,
nor how long it would continue, so also no one can
now foresee how much longer it' will go on nor how
much more it will cost. Clearly then it is the part of
wise 'statesmen to interest the colonies in the empire
if they can and to bring them to the relief of the
mother country and its heavily burdened taxpayers.
.The feeling of* the average British, taxpayer upon
the situation in, South. Africa was well expressed by
the chairman of the meeting of the stockholders of.
Lloyd's Bank in London a! short time ago, in saying:
"Who ' would . ! have thought when . they met in
xooo, when the country was just emerging from the
critical stages of the war, and fancied they saw the
end approaching, that two years thence it would, still.,
be dragging on? Who would have that
*:qnsols,\which stood at g& l A, a drop of i$*ir'6m what
they stood at exactly, twelve months^ previouslyr-^.
they, had even been higher than that— could possibly
fall to 91, the point at which they stood in November
last? Or who would have thought the cost of the
war would amount, as it assuredly , would, to one
third as much again as the whole sum of £153,000,000,
which was paid off the national debt during the
sixty-three years of her late Majesty's reign?".
Under ordinary .conditions the political and com
mercial relations of: the colonies to one another and
to the empire would engage a great.' deal of attention,
for they involve \ difficult r problems and matters of
vast importance, but at the present. time they are
overshadowed by, the' question of imperial defense.
The war in South Africa has put a severer strain upon
the military strength of the. British 'Islands than was
ever dreamed. of.' It has'also brought' to light the fact
that -Great ; Britain has few -friends among , the na
tions'and that- commercial rivals in Germany, are
eager to profit by any disaster '.that may befall her.
It seems evident, that some system of conscription
will have to be. adopted to keep the army up to the
needs; of the empire, and- that, of course, will entail
a permanently heavy" burden, upon the taxpayers.
Hence the ' eagerness, not of the Government only,
but of the whole kingdom, to get the colonies to bear
a share of the cost. ';'. ¦¦¦"..¦ .
In his letter inviting the .colonial Premiers" to the
conference Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of State, for
the colonies, is. reported to have stated .that ; his Maj
esty's Government is prepared to -consider questions
of the political relations of the 1 various parts of the
empire, commercial -arrangements, imperial defense
and other matters of common interest. The colonial
Governments were further invited to suggest any
other subjects which they might deem it advisable to
consider during the conference, and they were es
pecially requested to submit definite proposals or
resolutions upon any point they deemed it advisable
the conference should deal with.
PREMIERS of the various British "colonies have
¦been invited to attend a conference with rep
resentatives of the imperial" ' Government at
London, and the approaching meeting is now re
ceiving a good deal of attention throughout the em
pire/ The aim of the British Ministry, is of course to
bring about a closer relation between the colonies
and the mother country, qnd if possible to induce the
colonial Governments to Bear, a share of the burden
of imperial defense.
IMPERIAL FEDERATION.
POSTAGE— J. F. G.. Callstoga. Cal.
Postage on letters in the United. States
was established at a uniform xate of 3
cents per ounce In IS63. It was reduced
to 2 cents March 2. 18S3.
BUDD AS GOVERNOR— W. H. R.
Napa. Cal. James H. Budd was elected
Governor of California November 6. 13M.
was Inaugurated January 11, 1SD5, ana
served one term. ' •
An Ohio man has resigned -an office, which may
account for , the - recent cold 'spell in the, Mississippi
Valley.- He had 'been^elected as a reformer pledged
to moral government- in Columbus, and after trying,
the office for a year, has resigned because' his position
was too lonely.- ;/:•'-;¦¦ v ; '.*->•- ¦ ;- ' >igffl
RAIN RECORD— T. A. G.. Honeut. Cal..
For the record ot rain In California com-,
munlcate with the United States Weather
Bureau. Mills building, San Francisco.
AN OLD HALF DOLLAR-J. F.> City
From a numismatic point a half dollar ot
1814 is worth 50 cent3.
*THE SAN RAFAEL-C. »d <&. -City.
The San Rafael, which sank In the bay or
San Francisco, has not been raised.
BUT ONE TRIAL-W. H. K-. Napa, CaL
There was but one trial of Theodore Dur
rant for murder. _._.,...
This government is made to control, to punish, to
restrain, to police, but not to go among men and take
from them the operation of business and the field
which their discovery and invention have enriched
with all that makes the modern world greater than
all the ages that preceded it.
In the line of discovery and invention the ultima
thule is still below the horizon. It is far away. The
curvature of time, the perspective of the age to come,
hide it from our vision. .It loses parallax. We can
not triangulate its distance. But if all that man has
done in approximating that ultimate is now ,tb go
into the. hands of government, his approach to the
finality of progress will cease. Government has,
never even invented the weapons with which it makes
men slay each other. It is a Juggernaut, demanding
that "'victims'- be crushed, but it cannot make the
chariot whose wheels grind bodies into pulp
and mix them with the dust.
Altgeld's school persists in treating government as
a physical and psychical entity, with emotions, im
pulses, manners and morals. The fact is that govern
ment has no brains, no morals, no honor, no man
ners, no no invention, no discovery. It is a*
civic mechanism, an automaton, as unconscious of its
own action as was the automaton of Maelzell of the
moves it made at chess. This sightless, hearless and
unfeeling entity, without moral emotion" or. purpose,
a mechanism to enforce order among men, as uncon
scious of its function as the jail in which- thejr ex
cesses are restrained, is presented by the Altgeld
school as a thing of blood and marrow, fleshed and
featured, capable of doing business and a universal
parent for' the human race. Viewed in its 'right as
pect government is to govern, because it is a blank,
unfeeling -to pity, insensible to honor, knowing no
friend, xio enemy*, and it is this government that is
now to take over a century's harvest sown by the
brains of man! '.
It needs but little thought to demonstrate that if
the last century had begun with that government
ownership with which the Altgeld school desires that
should begin the list of inventions and discoveries
and their beneficent results would been
abridged. Where during that century did govern
ment invent or discover in the lines .of activity over
.which it had control? In the appearance -of all
those things to which man owes his advancement,
the economies of life, the ease and cheapness of his
intercourse and traffic, the increase in his wages' and
profits, his debt is due to man, not to government.
From this he proceeded to argue that now gov
ernment should own and operate all of these •¦¦/• re
sults of man's, progress made while left free to fol
low his individual interests, and to benefit "by his in
dividuarenterprise. During that century of progress
government invented nothing, it discovered. nothing,
it improved nothing, it constructed nothing. All
that Altgeld so truly pictured is the result of thatin
dividual effort which he proceeded \o denounce as
an evil and a scourge which must be suppressed by
driving it out of the field. in which it has produced
results so great that the Altgeld school thinks. them
worthy only of government' ownership.
He said: "The inventions, the discoveries and the
progress of the sciences during the last century
tended to shorten distances, to bring the different
parts of the earth together, and made it possible for
man to not only go quickly from one point to an
other, but they made it possible for him to execute
his will simultaneously in various places. Out of
this condition has come an era of consolidation and
concentration— little things are giving way to great
things. The result of this consolidation in itself
should be beneficial;, it cheapens the cost of pro
duction, and . in governments it should cheapen the
cost of operation, while in the railway world it
greatly increases the convenience of the public."
THE late Governor Altgeld made one of his
most .notable addresses, in Buffalo only ten
days before his death in favor of communistic
control af public utilities.
PEERS INTO FUTURE
WITH "ELECTRIC EYE"
;When ronce 'the . South , has beeh fairly started in ; the
work of higher education and' has approached sofne
thing.like an equality with the. North, the work of the
board will cease to be sectional and will then be di
rected to the advancement of education over the
whole. Union. The association, therefore, promises
to be one of great importance; It has certainly un
dertaken a. notable work, and has the potency o.f be
coming one' of the greatest of the institutions of
American generosity and munificence.
time when there will be an abundance of wealth there
to support higher education:; The pressing issue is
to provide for the generation now growing.up. y\
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
ALTGELD'S DOCTRINE.
THE SAN : FI^NCISCO} CALL, • TXJESDAY,v MARCH 18 y X902
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "La Madeleine."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Cleopatra." . k Built."
Fischer's Theater— "Uttle Christopher."
CatUcmla— "Nathan Hale."
Tlvoli — "The Serenade."
Central — "The Bowery After Dark."
Alcazar — "On and Off."
Mechanics' Pavilion — Xorrls & Rowe's Big Shows.
V. M, C. A. Auditorium — Concert.
Oakland Racetrack — Rf<ya to-day. ¦
AUCTION -SALES.
Aucticn s&Ie of Horses this day. at 11 o'clock, at 1140
Folsom etreet.
By Wm. Layoc — Thursday. March 20. I at 11 o'clock. 150
head of Horses, at 721 Howard •treet.
By McGlynn & Menton — Friday, March 21, at 12:15 o'clock,
Ftock of the Flcres Hale & Company, at room 22. Chronicle
bulMlng. ' tThe account of Miss Lilly O'Connor, as
administratrix of her deceased father's
estate, was approved by Judge ' Coffey
yesterday notwithstanding the objections
filed by her four sisters. One item of $38
for seA'ant hire was strenuously objected
to, but Miss O'Connor showed the court
that the item Mas a Just one. Tha Jew
elry, which it was claimed the adminis
tratrix had not accounted for, is now in
the *afe deposit vaults and the sum of
J97L advanced to William O'Connor, which
caused one of the objections made by the
four 6isters, will be refunded to the estate
by the young man.
O'Connor Account Is Opposed.
The farce comedy "On and Off," by
Alexander Bisson, was presented at the
Alcazar Theater last night and afforded
the evenly balanced stock company an
other opportunity of showing that in that
class of production it cannot • be sur
passed. The piece is full of comical situ
ations, the dialogue is bright and spark
ling and the. laughter last night was in
cessant. The main characters are a justly
suspicious mother-in-law and a giddy
son-in-law. There are many complica
tions. M. L. Alsop was particularly ef
fective as the son-in-law and Marion Con
vere was fascinating as his wife. George
Osbourne, Henry Shumer, Howard Scott,
Walter Belasco, Harry Rattenbury, Lil
lian Elliott, Margaret Wycherley and Oza
Waldrop had parts that suited them ad
mirably. Juliet Crosby made her reap
pearance after a serious illness and
helped materially as a young girl with a
nervous affection in keeping up the fun.
A phonograph plays an important part
in the development of the plot. The piece
should draw crowded houses.
Alcazar.
Orpheum.
The three dancing Dawsons open the
show at the Orpheum this week and act
as a leader to as good a show as has, been
seen' here in some time. The Dawsons are
holdovers and their act is every bit as
good this week as it was last. The Sil
vers, illustrated song vocalists, present a
very pretty turn. The pictures shown dur
ing the progress of the various songs are
very pretty and well executed, j The turn
given by the six Blackbirds this week dif
fers from- that of last, In that the Black
birds do a little more dancing than sing
ing. Lea Troubadores Toulousians sing
new songs in a pleasing manner. Fanny
Rice presents an entertainment that is
really "varied." She first gives a recita
tion, in which the Roman Coliseum, a
blood-red rose, a pretty maiden", martyr
and a lover converted figure. From that
to the mimic stage, as she announces, is
a long. Jump, but Fanny makes the leap
gracefully. She is assisted by Alice
Beach McComas, a brilliant pianist. Kath
leen Parlow is a wonderfully good child
violinist, and Cinquevalli is -still to the
fore with his marvelous juggling. He
performs a number of new tricks. With
the aid of his assistant, who is a faciai
contortionist of no mean ability, he keeps
the audience alternating between hearty
laughter and gasps of wonder. The sing
ing and dancing of Hendrix and Prescott
are very good. they, with the biograph,
winding up a good show.
Chief ' Clerk Augustus. Vibort said '.In
connection with the case that a man
claiming to be a discharged soldier and
penniless asked him for alms Saturday
and he gave him 60 cents. In doing so he
drew open the drawer, which contained
some silver and new pennies. As his re
membrance of the mendicant resembles
that given of the robber by the -watch
man, it is thought that he and the thief
are one person.
This was the story reported to the po
lice by John Eserlicht, the watchman.
He said he was accosted shortly after ,8
o'clock in the corridor of the 'building by
man who pushed a- revolver - before his
'face and told him to open the chief clerk's
ofiice. The watchman -obeyed, and .once
inside the robber ordered him to sit quiet
ly in a chair while . he j pried open the
desk and took about $20 in cash. He was
evidently disappointed at the result of ills
haul, as he cursed his lucK voluoly. TaK
ing the keys trom the watchman, tie Iock
ed him in the. room and <llsappeared. Soon
after Eserlicht managed to. attract the
attention of some one passing in tne cor
ridor and grained his release. He gave a
good description of the robber and me po
lice think tney will be able to apprehend
him. .
Detectives are searching for a man who
on Saturday night compelled . the watch
man of the Phelan building at the point of
a revolver to unlock the office of the
chief clerk to the Adjutant General; and
forced the guardian to sit by while the
desk van burst open and what 'money it
contained abstracted. "\ 7 Y • •. . .
Robber Baids Headquarters
of Army in Search cf
Treasure. \,
¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦%. * ;¦;¦¦';
Government Watchman
in Phelan Building
Held Up.
FORGED TO OPEN
CLERK'S OFFICE
The audience that filled the Central
Theater was composed of friends of the
actor-pugilist. They applauded his every
movement; and when he was off the stage
they devoted their time to -hissing the vil
lains. There ; were -a pair of them, but
the Bowery boy made them "seek the tall
timber." Britt was cool and confident. In
the first act he side-stepped on to-: the
stage and then ithe gallery broke loose.
Britt nearly dislocated his spine respond
ing to the plaudits that greeted him. - He
led with both hands and caught the au
dience In the solar plexus. -He was .the
whole show and the barrel of pink lemon
ade. ¦ After frustrating the villains ¦ ih
their attempts to commit' more crimes
than 1 are coming -to any two men,. Britt
took 1 the place of a kidnaped boxer and
scored a few more hits. He landed some
severe -Jolts ; on ; Charley.. Reno and re
ceived a love! tap in the ear that drew
blood. J ' ¦ • - . i
The climax of this remarkable play is in
the fourth act. "Billy" Jordan was the an
nouncer, and i In, the usual, manner yelled:
"Gentlemen, please stop smoking." He
then introduced the referee, Harry Cor
bett; George Harding, the well-known
timekeeper; .'.'Spider" Kelly and Tim ¦ Mc-
Grath.who seconded Britt in his profes
sional contests: The scene was very real
istic. ; "Kid" Lavlgne challenged the win
ner and was wildly greeted."..- The- arena
was crowded. with. gallery boyo, reporters
and well-known men about town. ' The
cheering was deafening. , The small boy
advised' Britt to "hit 'Im, in der plats":
"soak 'lm f ; in der. bread-basket," and* to
give Reno an "apricot." Britt followed
out the Instructions and Reno suffered ac
cordingly. 3 Jimmy even forgot that Reno
had held his diamond stud up to a hot
incandescent light to make it sparkle. '
Georgie ¦ Cooper '•; proved a . ' good v com
panion 1 for 1 Jimmy. . She ;wore -a* tight
''Joisey" and chewed gum Incessantly,
"Oh, my Chlmmy is a bold," said pretty
Geor'gle Cooper, the tough girl in "The
Bowery After Dark," and the echo came
back that Jimmy Britt was the whole
aviary. As a, star he scintillated until the
footlights qn the stage flickered and went
out, and tlien the audience imagined that
Jimmy Britt was an aurora borealis.
In the language of the Sixth-street
"bunch" Jimmy "made good." He went
through four acts and scored a knock-out
in every scene. As an actor he cannot be
equaled by McGovern. His trainer, George
Webster now thinks he can soar to
greater heights and is thinking of coach
ing Britt to try ; a few Shakespearean
roles. ¦¦ '. ;
"There's nothing to it," said the scene
snifter at the Central Theater last night.
"I thought Chlmmy Britt had Terry Mc-
Govern lashed to der mast as an actor,
but on der square I tlnk he can knock
even Henry Olving out when it comes ter
playing to der gallery."
Central.
ance. She' has r. first S° at suicide in the
"La . Boheme"-cum-*'Camille"- ' second
act that almost convinces, i In the third
act she was heartily applauded, and de
served It, for her scene denouncing the
Baron and his kind, and altogether did
her best to make the thing credible.
Miss Walsh is fairly well supported,
with the notable exception of the lead
ing man, who is about as convincing as
tho play. Emmett Shackelford was
clever as the Baron, rand others good
were Forrest Flood, . Mason Mitchell,
Frederick. Harris, Rose Braham and Mrs.
J. R. Haywood.
It is a little difficult to know just where
one is "at." The first scene opens on a
sort . of "Manon Lescaut" , arrangement,
with some of the a'ristocracy of the demi
monde disporting themselves with "a
gilded youth or two in the expensive
gardens of a Parisian cafe." Comes here
La Madeleine, garbed in t a convincingly
virtuous costume as a little work girl that
the eminent demi-mondaine has. become
through love of a delightfully impossible
poor but honest Marquis, from whom she
nas concealed iier identity.
She comeg to borrow money, from one
pf .her. former associates,, and - there
"Sapho"' comes on the scene.'. An"; enam
ored but bald Baron, hero of an episode
in La Madeleine's unconverted <period,
surprises the sacriflcially-garbed lady: at
the absinthe— "with a little ginger, please,
Joseph!"— that she has ordered . from the
waiter on the strength of former cus
toms. He proclaims himself still the
penitent's slave, and though still on vir
tue bent, she somehow finds herself-pos
ing on a chair as the center of . a toast
to "La Madeleine!" Here the hero, . of
course, wanders In, and learns that: the
sweet .Marie is the notorious "La Made
leine.". Then there's trouble,- and now
comes an extract from "Monfe Cristo," a
Johnny-on-the-spot sort of' figure in the
shape of a mysterious priest. The priest
is ''reelly" the father of the hero, a
Marquis who murdered a man and got
jailed for it, but got a friend to say that
he pad died in prison of smallpox.
He, however, gets out to act a« a sort
of guardian angel to his son; which he
does in a "Dam" sort. of way by per
suading La Madeleine to sell herself for
gold— half a million of it— to the Baron, in
order to redeem the ancestral. domain of
the Marquis, his eon.
The third act is lifted bodily, from
"Camille," gilded salon, reckless throw
ing around of lightweight dollars, half
million dollar checks and the like, though
the Inverted morality of ."Camllle". seems
to have turned a double somersault ; in
"La Madeleine." The guilty . papa takes
a hand here also, and the brother of the
man he killed— Prince Rielof —recognizes
him. But the Prince does quite the, usual
thing on such occasions, gives the. "glad
hand to his brother's murderer and a half
million dollar • check , to La Madeleiner-to
free her from the Baron. La Madeleine
says, "Bless you, my long-lost parent.''
The last act, takes place in a church,
en the hero's wedding mom.,As a nice
little wedding gift "La Madeleine," after
imploring the hero to believe in . her,'
commits suicide * to . the tuno of-Crevln's
"My RoEary.". .-¦'.¦, . •;.
Blanche Walsh does all • that could ; be
done for the heroine. She wears a gown
In the first act, that -makes it Impossible
to doubt the . sincerity of Marie's repent-
A LUMP of "Sapho," large' wads of
"Camllle," a chunk of "Monte
"Cristo," generous help, from
other plays too numerous to
, title, and some Dam— H. J. W. Dam
—were presented last night at the Colum
bia Theater, under the name of "La
Madeleine," by Blanche Walsh and a sup
porting company. Mr. Dam has gathered
In the sheaves from almost as many
sources as there are scenes, with a light,
alryy unpartlcular pilfering in most fami
liar fields. Neither has he been at any
trouble to disguise *ihe founts of his in
spirations, but has ticketed them with
commendable and unusual honesty. Tho
effect is slightly bewildering.
Annette Marshall suffered, from the vil
lain's wiles and was pitied r Mrs. Margaret
Marshall was very funny as a German
woman, and Agnes Rankln looked sweet
as a Celestial maiden. The villains were
so busy ducking. Britt's leads that they
nearly forgot their lines. Ernest Howell'
as Jssy Cohen scored a hit. The rest of
the cast supported the lightweight cham
pion in clever style. Jimmy was the re
cipient of - a number of handsome floral
pieces, •-.-,.
Tivoli.
"The Serenade," now in its fourth week
at the Tivoli, still holds | its audiences
spellbound. ' The house last night was
strictly "with the stage." The genial face
of Manager Leahy was . seen at times
SOME CHARACTER STUDIES OF THE STAR IN "THE BOWERY AFTER DARK," NOW BEING PRODUCED AT
THE CENTRAL. THEATER, AND TWO WELL-KNOWN ARTISTS WHO ARE PLAYING AT COLUMBIA AND
. ORPHEUM THEATERS THIS WEEK. ¦¦; ' ... .
; 'La Madeline'^ Dbfes Not Reach Expectations— Jimmy Britt Scores a
•/^Decided
sent Excellent Programmes and Large Audiences
BLANCHE WALSH MAKES MOST
OF DAM'S IMPOSSIBLE DRAMA
7
I-<.sitivcIy cured by thess
Little Pills. v.-
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth/ Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI. Small Dose.
Small Price.
OCEA1T TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦^ Steamer? leave Broadway
S3W-- Wharf, San Francisco:
KSSSS^. F ° r Ketchikan. Juneaa.
HQfra,^ Ekasrway, etc.. Alaska — 11
BKtfdS^l *- m - March 7. 12, 17, 22. 2..
j%yra\&f April 1. Change to com-
EHStSiS5*«rill F'^J""* steamers at Seattle.
A l *^S3i«il . For Victoria. Vancouver.
V- Port Town.end. Seattle. Ta-
J *8V coma. E^-erett. New . Wnat-
eotn— 11 a. m.7 March 7; 12. 17. 2* ,27. April X.
ccma to N F. RT-; »t Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 P. »..
March 8. IS. 18. 23, 28. April 2-
For Ban Dlejro. stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Lo» Anyeles and Redondo
<Lo» Anrelei)— Spokane. SundajB. 0 a- m..
State of California. Wednesday*. *»- 1 m -__
- For Los Anreles. calling at Santa Crn*.
Monterey. Ban Bimeon. Cayucoa. Port H»rford
<6an L«ls Obtepo), Santa. Barbara. Ventura,
Huenene. East Ban Pedro, San Pedro and
•Newport ('Bonlta only).
Bonlta. 9 a. m. March 7. 15. 23. 31. April 8.
Coos Bay, 9 a. rn.. March 19. 27, April 4.
For Ensenada. Magdilena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa. Rosa-
lia and Ouarmas (Hex.)— 10 a. m., 7th of each
month.
For fnrther lnformaUon obtain folder.
Rlgrfct la reserved to change Bteamen or
calling datec
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street cPalaee Hotel).
GOOD AM.. PERKIKS & CO.. Gen. Agent*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
„, FOR
LEAVE SEATTLE.
fEXATOR JUNE 1
STATE OF" CALIFORNIA JUNE 7
Steamship* CITT OF PCEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving: San Francisco May 26 and May 31. re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. The
new and decant steamships Senator and State
cf California made regular trips to Nome last
year, landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery et.
<Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Genl. Agents.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
Wg^NOME
\ty||y|^ SAILINGS.
VHRt9g^^V THB rlKK1 ; class "
\\\ S.S. PORTLAND
l^\ ' TTCLX* SAIL FOR
NOME direct
leaving San Francisco April l»th
Leaving Seattle April 26th
<Stopplng at UnalaiVa only long enough to coal.)
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO,,
C43 Market st.. San Francisco,
Or EMPIllE TRANSPORTATION CO.. P«g»t
Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Xilno «o
PORTLAND, Op.,
nd Short Rail Lins from Portland to all
point* East. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail op steamship and rail, at
LOWEST Zf^k.*X'352S.
ETEAKEE TICKETS INCLUDE BEET 2 and MEALS.
ES COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 14, 24, April 3. 13
6S" GEO. W. ELDER Sails
Mar. 19. 29. April 8. 18
Steamer sails from foot of Spear Ft.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. C«n. Agt.. 1 Mon^y. S.F.
TOYO KISJN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brcmnan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
cectlnr at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc No cargo received on board on day ot
raillrg-
ES. AMERICA MABU :
Friday. March 21st. IVJ1
ES. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th, 1002
ES. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 8th. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Jfamburg- American.
¦ TWIN-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
A. Victoria April 10JF. Bismarck May 1
Deutschland . . April 17' Columbia ....... May 8
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Moltka March 2»| *Valderset ....April 12
Patricia April 3 1 Pennsylvania .April 22
Hamburg-American Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast. 401 California rt.. San Francisco. • •
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And da Sud Americana ds VaporeS:
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, . Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, p'er 10, 12 m.
COLOMBIA . .March 29 GUATEMALA .Apr. —
TTCAPEL ....April 18 A STEAMER
Thefce eteamere are built expreisly for Cen-
tral' and South American passenger service.* (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
pa«Fenper office,' Sl« California street.
BALFOUE, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and StMicbaeL
For passenger and express rates apply to.
TRANS-ALASKA COMPANY.
Crocker building.
Operating Ft age lines between Illaxnna Bay
and above point*. *
COXP&GXIE GENERALS T2A*f SaTMNTIQUE.
pIP.ECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
H»i!!r.p every Thursday. Instead of <H?fl3q*
ftaturdey. at JO a. m. from pier 42. J»«S»
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre $70 and upward. Seconl
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agpnti>, ft Montgomery avenue Pan Francisco.
Tickets so!d by . all Railroad' Ticket Agents.
A •ftr'FTXl.ZO.AJ'3" IjIXW-IU..
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON — LONDON.
Phil«.del..Mar.2e.lO am f-t Louis. Apr. 0, 10 am
Bt. Paul. Apr. 2, 10 am Philadel.Apr. 16, 10 «.m
If EW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Haverfcrd.Mar 26. noon Southwark.Apr. 0, noon
Friecland..Apr. 2, noon Vaterland.Apr. lfl.aoon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO., *
Chaa. Z>. Taylor. G. A. P. C. 3d Mcntsr'my.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
|» CELEBRATED *O
Try a dose of the Bitters when
you don't feel. well or have no ap-
petite. It will strengthen your
weak stomach and make you feel
better. It cures belching", flatu-
lenoy, heartburn, indigestion
and constipation. / ,
OCEAN TBAVEL.
'PANAMA R, R, USSf"
TO MEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Tree.
6. 6. Arftyll calls Tuesday, Mar. IS
5. S. Leclnnnw calls Friday, Map. 28
6. R. Arftyll * tall* Friday. May 2
From Sea Wall, Section 1, at 2 p. m. ?
Freight and Passenger Office, S30 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR, Padflc Coast Agent.
V^VUElSVO'^'^Vo o, BEC f LIME to TAHITI.
S3 VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs.. March 20, 6 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ........... .
Saturday, March 29, 10 a. m.
68. ALAMEDA, 'or Honolulu
Saturday. March 23, 2 p. m.
.. U.SPKCKLS & BROS. CO.. Gmzrai Agents, 327 Hartsi St
fao'l Paatnflsr Ofta, 648 Market St, fier »o. 1, PedSc !t
BAY AND BIVEB _ STE AMEB3.
fFIiTTIayTyK^^
Stflimera GEN. FRISBIE of MONTICELLO
C:*0 a. m.. 8:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
<Jar Eundajr. 0:45 a. m. t 8:30 p. rn. Leaves
Valiejo 7 a. m,,. 12:30 noon, C p. «n.; except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a, m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 160S. landing and
pf flee, pier 2. Mission-street • dock. ., HATCH
EROS.
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
.does no harm;.
No harm! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's ; no
; alkali in ; it, nothing but
soap. -The harm is Jdone by
Z alkalil ; Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
What is bad soap ? Im-
perfectly made;, the fat
and alkali not well bal-
; ahced or not combined.
What is good soap ?
'Pears'.
. Sold all over the -world. ; .' • '; ¦
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
' drink \ •;)¦ . ; "
Best N AT U RAL Alkallncj Water
I • V •¦¦.¦•'.220 'BROADWAT. :,"». \T. : - ;*'.: '
<.J X'[ . AMUSEMENTS.
UU ILU ifi 0 1 A LEADING THEATRE
THIS WEEK ONLY
MATINEES THURSDAY AND SATURDAT.
BLANCHE WALSH
Every Night (except Sun.), Saturday Matinee,
The New Emotional Play by H. J. W. Dam,
"LA MADELEINE.^'
Sunday Night and' Special Matinee Thursday,
'•JANICE MEREDITH."
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
»' ;-.- Hall Caine's Great Play.
THE CHRISTIAN
— j WITH '
EDWARD MORGAN
As JOHN STORM (His original role.)
Assisted by
ELSIE LESLIE as Glory Quayle.
CJFA T Ci WILL BE READY
OCA 1 O THURSDAY MORNING.
ALL THIS "WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THIS SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS OF THIS
BEAUTIFUL* THEATER. *
HOWARD KYLE,
And a Carefully Chosen Company oi Players,
- Presenting •
By Clyde Fitch.
' Complete Scentc Production.
Correct Costumes.
BEATS NOW SELLING.
NEXT SUNDAY.
'THE DENVER EXPRESS."
SEATS THURSDAY. .. '
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Champion Lightweight of tha Coast,
JIMMY BRITT
As the Bowery Boy in the Thrilling Melodrama,
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
Jimmy Britt Appears In Every Act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
In the last act between Jimmy Britt
and Charley Reno.
DDIPEC Evenings 10c, I5e. 25c. 85c 50c
rHIvEj. Matinees........ ...... ..lOo. 15c, 23c
Next Week— "THE MAN-O'-WARSMAN."
/ftfirH SAT R £r\>
Belasco & Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK,
The Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Year,
It Abounds In Laughs That Cheer.
A ' FUNNY' SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale . Six Days In Advance. -
PRICES— 18c. 23c, 35c,' BOc and 73c.
Next— "BROTHER JOHN." (
RACING
~5>piiK^^ g^B»*'S' Every Week Day—
¦'KST- - - ". Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p. ra. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12-30 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 3 p. m.,. connecting
with '. trains ¦ stopping at the entrance to th«
track. Last two ears ©n train reserved ¦ tor
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets- to .Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at 8eventh and Broadway, Oak-
land Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cam
ko direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:15 p, m. and Immediately. after tb« laat
"-'tHOMASH, ; WILLIAMS JR.! President.
CHARLES V. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr. '
YM. C. A. AUDITORIUM— Fifth I'asmora
• concert,' Tuesday.' March 18, 1902. Soloists:
Mlsa Anna Moore. Miss bealah Georse, so-
prano; .Mrs.. Edith' Scott Baaford, oontralto;
Mlaa Adelaide Blrchler, contralto; Mr. H. B;
Pasmore, basso; trio* br Mary. Busan and
Dorothy Pasmore; reserved seats, BOc, - ' .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
, m For the Strength
¦'.;. ,'v of Woman
p||M to surmount the difficulties
»|^^8® of social or worK-a-day life
E|k|9 ' ANHEU5ERtBUSCH'S
HRgfl^^pH is Nature's greatest assistant. -
Its use wards off depression
i|^^^^»^^^^toI and illness and promotes
WWKm^^K^W% digestion and health.
. I 110^ I All druggists sell it. Prepared only by
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
f^HilS^^^^'!'' r;;^ ~rewtrs of tfst famous Budweiser, Mlchelob,
W^H^F BlacK 6 Tan. Faust. Pale-Laeer. Anheustr*
Standard, Export Pale and Exquisite.
throughout the -house, and. his smile of. for so far each -week has surpassed th»
approval bad a salutary Influence on both preceding one In Its demand for seats.
the audience and the actors. Manager
Leahy has juat returned from Italy, and Grand Opera-House.
friend! ** Pt bUSY shaklng hand3 wlth old A crowded house greeted the. reappear.
'Tve'been half-way across the world.' anc e of Melbourne MacDowell'and Flor-
sald he, "and I am glad to get back to ence Stone In Sardou's "Cleopatra" at tha
San Francisco again. I tell you there are Grand Opera-house last night.- The stars
few like the singers we have right at SCO red a pronounced hit. At the close ot
home here, and none better In any stock both the fourth and fifth acts they were
company, I don't care where you go. 1 forced to reappear before the audience
am glad to see that San Francisco ap- tlme and tlme affaln -n^ play la elat >_
predates this fact;, but unless you have orately staged and the costumes are ex-
Seen away and seen others you don t . fuily ce Uent. The storm scene at the tempi© of
realize just what good talent we have In Is , g a i most drew the audle nce to lta feet.
J™f^ C SS ne n S ,hJr 1°," £ ?n? Florence Stone as Cleopatra ylves a flna
a woman so much for her voice as for per f ormance . MacDowell has a wonderful
her pretty face; but ahe s got to make concept i on of the character of Anton/,
good on the voice here. . Herschel Mayall as Krephren was also
? h l t ad * m ,r^™ m^ a /c e i«°Trl«tZrn mos t favorably received. The rest of the
i?«& e J?™ t J?J«£ lk w^r, f hfo«mJ "t^w^S. cast 'urnlshes excellent support for th«
w»^» m^, LifiH »w»ii e n?SSS ?h?v?ii leaders. To judge from its reception last
S£t S ?« ««!?!• ' Teddy ' tney al1 night the play should have one of tha
"Thdnk you? Mr. Leahy; thank you,- most succe33ful runa cf he reason,
sir;" said the Inimitable Teddy. "I have rflUfnrnin
a warm feeling for. the East. Do you re- uajizoTiua.
member when I was touring with that Howard Kyle and Florence Smytn
play 'The Purser'— you remember . my moved an appreciative and sympathetic
tour, don't you? "Well, the Eaotern peo- au dlence to tears In the parting scene of
trlal r nre? d - me flne> *"* * alwayS had tO the fourth act of "Nathan Hale" last
As the Duke of Santa Cruz Hartraan Is night. But they had the sympathy of th«
in his element. He enters. with zest into audience from the very beginning of
the part, as he does any part where his Clyde Fitch's touching love story. whll»
comic art has full play. The local hits he It is a recognized article of war that
puts into his songs when surrounded by spies must suffer an i*nominiou3 end, ona
the St. Benedict monks or the Spanish cannot help feeling indignation when Na-
brigands throw the audience Into convul- than Male is exposed through a garrulous
slons of laughter. negro servant and is sentenced to die the
Anna Lichter's voice continues to ring death. But It Is hard to reconcile Moor«*«
out masterfully. Dolores, the ward of song, "Believe Me If All Those Endear-
the Duke;. Edward Webb as the broken- ing Young Charms,' written in the nine-
down tenor and Harry Cashman as the teenth century, with the scenery o{ tn«
tailor are deservedly popular. eighteenth. ' " V~"
"The Serenade." which was thought to ' * '
have been exploited to a finish by the Geor«» M«.yerle. German Expert Optician.
Bostonians, bids fair to run Indefinitely, Entrance 1071 Market; look for ey.with crown.
• EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATIXEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
FOURTH WEEK, and > Business BIGGCR
THAN EVER, the Famous BOSTONIAN3*
OPERA,
THE—
Serenade!
Hear "THE FUNNT S^BE OF THAT."
Secure Seats In Ad vatic*. '
POPULAR PRICE'S- 25c. SOa and 73c ¦
• Telephone — Bush 9.
VAUDEVILLE
FANNY RICE; HEDHIX AND
PRESCOTT; MR. AND MRS. SIL-
VER; KATKLEEN PARLOWj
PATJL CINQTJEVAIXI; THOTJBA-
BORS TOXTLOTJSIA1TS; 3 DANC-
ING DAWSONS; 6 BLACKBIRDS,
AND THE BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. 25a; Balcony. 10c: Boot
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
MATINEES 8ATURDAY AND EUJTDAT,
TO-NIGHT AND EVERT EVENING THIS
WEEK.
Return Engagement of Our $1000 Star,
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL .
Sunnorted by FLORENCE! STOJTE.
In a Sumptuous Production of Sardou's Great
Play,
"CLEOPATRA."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25«. Me. T3e."
' Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c
Next Week— MELBOURNE MACDOWEL3*
In "LA TOSCA." ______^_
[Fischers Theatre)
OTarrell st.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
Telephone Main 231.
WHAT A HIT! WHAT A CROWD!
AND SUCH ENTHUSIASM " ' '. '
Encores from beginning to end •
Applause for the Cast — — . — •
Applaus* for the Costumes . ., , .
Applaus* for the Scenery
Applause for the Dances ¦ ¦ — .
Applause for the Specialties .
Applause for the Music ¦ ¦ —
LITTLE CHRISTOPHER
A VERITABLE SENSATION ,
Remember. Matinees Saturday and Sunday >
Reserved Seats. 23c and 50c at Night
23c Anywhere at Matlneea^ .
Keep your eye on this spot ¦ -
Watch for our Sensation ¦
NORRIS &T ROWE'S
BIG SHOWS.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
TO-NIGHT AT 3:13.
THOUSANDS DELIGHTED TESTZRDAT.
A TREMENDOUS HIT' . -
ONLY NOVELTY IN TQWN!
BRING THE CHILDREN TO-DAY.
600— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 400.
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c: Children. 10c
• ¦ - • Phone No. South 720.
j Moiopp Desirable location,
1 Uluvw unsurpassed cuisine,
i unequaled ser-
51 fill v * ce • and modern
UllU conveniences are the
! attributes that have
il1*O ti n made these two ho-
lt 1U 11 U tels popular with
| __ \ tourists and trav«l-
n i\i aIc ers who yisit aa
JiUlvlO Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AJDVERTISEMENTS.
A3HTJSEME2JT3.VISAXJA. • March 17.— The Fresno district
Epworth Lea*me Convention will meet In this
city . to-morroTv. Bishop John W. Hamilton
"•rill be the cJMef speaker. On his arrival he
"will be welconwd by a delegation from the
Visalla Board of Trade. > jf$*
; Admiral • KempfT ; ¦ coined .? no ; epigram, but
•helped keep us out of war, and moet certainly
he has deserved well of His country. ,; •-'.-*/,'
Resolution of Thanks Slumbers.-
This country has taken "only "the pre-
who resided in .that part, of th<* world for
many years, and who is the author of sev
eral works upon the Boxer movement and
the Chino-Japanese war, has written:. . .
I lived four years in Japan and have been
for more than thirty years interested in the
moral progress of the people of the . Far.' East,
and have studied especially , the relations of
our country to China, 'Japan and Korea, I
believe that the action of Rear Admiral Kemplt
In refusing to Join with the allied forces in an
attack upon the Taku f pits "at a time when
the Boxer movement was known to be only
an Insurrection and the Chinese Government
not yet Implicated, commands not only • the
respect of those best able to Judge, but has
been the means of Increasing American prest
ige and reputation. In. China. In. fact this
maintenance by Admiral Kempff of the tradi
tions of peace with China, ¦ more than a cen
tury old, became the foundation upon- which
the President and the Secretary of State built
their basis of masterful diplomacy by • which
the United States was able to exert such' a
commanding Influence. In my opinion Admiral
Kempff ought to have, when he returns from
the Asiatic station, a welcome and honors
equal to those given to Dewey or Schley, even
though right action In a peaceful way does
not strike the .popular, imagination .as battle
and war do.
No Lithographed "Fighting Bob." '.
The Springfield Republican had this to
say in an editorial just after the publica
tion of Admiral Kempff's report upon the
Taku incident:
Popular Ideas of heroes among' the men in
uniform run to the "Fighting Bobs," who are.
always In the thick of ' the grand and furious
melees. No one thinks of ' glorifying an of flcerj
.who puts aside: the chance of a lifetime- to'
engage in a 'battle and does -it in suite .',ot '.
the most pressing of invitations from -fellow. |
officers of other nationalities to have a share'
in the: fun. Rear Admiral • Kempff is not a
hero in the sense that his lithograph . adorns
the show windows; yet. after all, was he not
as strong and wise . and brave In refusing . to
display his gunnery as the man .who, in his
position, would' have set the guns to booming?
The New York Sun had much to say at
different times upon this action. On July,
27. 1900, it very highly commended Ad
miral Kempff, and November 19 N 1901,- it
bitterly attacked the policy that'con
stantly refused Kempff. the first in com
mand of the Asiatic, station, and 'con
stantly replaced hUn' With ;. those ' who
ranked him, in seniority. In the full edi
torial the Sun said: '. . . ¦'• ¦;.
There are heroes who sail , in and .there are
heroes -who. keep out; and the couraee of .self
restraint under extraordinary temptation Is
perhaps rtot the lesser or the commoner form
of heroism. •¦ . • \, '¦ - -. • * ;,<'
Since Dewey entered Manila Bay .' no ' naval
commander In our"servlce has been called ufton
to decide a more momentous question than
that which Rear Admiral Louis Kempff ' de
cided on his unaided Judgment ' on 'June 16
before the forts at- Taku;-. • • •'.We do not
know how much of a statesman and diplomat
this American sailor is. but we do know that at
least once he saw -clearly a long way.- ahead
through , the fog that -baffled his foreign ; col
leagues' 1 vision.' lie can well afford. to remem
ber now the -public criticism to which he. was
at first - subjected, . here -and • abroad, ', for,, sup
posed sluggishness of temperment," or lack' of
true .na\-al . spirit, or timidity In the* fade '/of
unaccustomed responsibilities. ; ;. -' •••
. We are glad.that. the Importance and sig
nificance of his . masterly.' aloof ness at- Taku on
June 1G. ia fully and. generously 'recognized at'
¦ "Washington,:. where : 'his modest report- of" a
great achievement has just been received! ' ':
His Reasoning Proved Correct. . j>?
In the second" editorial, "after quoting
from Rev.'- Dr. ! Nevin \of the American
Episcopal Church,' who was '¦ in • China
shortly after this event.-Dr. Nevin saying
that Admiral Kempff • was ; '."absolutely
right < while everybody else <v.'as wrong."
the Sun criticizes Admiral Kempff's treat
ment on the Asiatic station, saying: •••
Admiral Kempff went out as second in com
mand of the Asiatic fleet; nearly two years ago,
and on the relief 'of Admiral Watson, assumed
charge- until -- Admiral •". Remey .. took chief
command." In' June, as commander of a squad
ron of that fleet, Kempft was ; with the fleets
of the European powers and of Japan' off Taku.
There he declined to Join In the bombardment
of the., Taku forts , on , the ground that the
powers were not! at. war .with China and; that
the attack would be"ftnact : of''wa'r and/would
render more: difficult the 7 position : of 'both', the
legations- In: Peking.. and, 'of r the Chinese Gov
ernment, which had not* up to that time taken
any overt position against them. ,. His reason-
Ing proved correct ¦ and his I position was sus
tained by both President McKinley. and
retary Hay. . . ¦ - ¦. .-¦..-¦. •, . . •.'
. Shortly after- the affair, of the' Taku forts
Admiral Rodgers was sent out -, as r squadron
commander of ! the Asiatic '¦ fleet, -and, as he
was sSnlor to Admiral Kempft the latter found
himself no longer first or second In' command
but' third: , Despite- this- fact, however, •"much
of the work of the station had been done 'by
him. Admiral Remey, the commander in chief '
having been sent to Australia to take part In
the welcome - to f the . Duke ' of . Cornwall , and
York and • Admiral . Rodgers . going . to Japan : to
attend the. unveiling of ¦ the • monument . mark
: Ing * the • 6pot ; where , Commodore' Perry > landed
forty-seven years ago. '-.'.'• -.;'.- • ,• •¦•¦•,.
NAVAL OFFICER HOMEWARD
BOUND WHO GAINED FAME
IN CHINA.
Dr. William Elliot Griffls, oneof the au
thorities upon the affairs of the Far East,
After reading this fresh confirmation of the
wisdom and righteousness cf Admiral KempfTs
refusal .to attack the • Taku forts : before the
Chinese Government nu known to have com
mitted a warlike act. .we -wonder why the
American people do not give him an ovation.
! Henry Savage iLandor has given . the
most complete and accurate histor3 r of the
Chinese^ crisis in his book." '.'China and
the Allies," which has become the stand
ard work upon these events. The "Na
tion," in its review of this work, gives
both its. opinion of Admiral Kempff's act
ions and a'.' summary . of the opinion of
Mr.' L-andor, as follows: .
' But for the extraordinary blundering of the
naval authorities, with 'the single exception -of
the United States admiral, there '.would have
been no necessity for the assembling of a great
army in China to save the foreigners. : • The
American policy throughout the crisis has'been
calculated- to i allay .Chinese apprehension" and
make for T , -. * . • ;. . • - v • ;
American Policy. Quieting.
William Cartrlght, Imperial Customs
Commissioner in China; made the follow
ing statement after his return to London,
and similar statements have- been^mads
on the floor of the British Parliament:
The incidents of the Taku campaign are
still fresh in the public mind. When the
Chinese troubles began Rear Admiral
Louis Kempff was attached to the Asiatic
station and' was ordered to 1 Taku from
Manila. There he Joined the fleets of the
allied powers, and when the bombardment
of the forts was decided upon Admiral
Kempff refused to join with the other na
tions and did not fire a shot during that
battle, while the other ships were batter
ing down the Chinese embankments.
When the American people heard of this
action there was a storm directed at their
admiral for his supposed cowardice. But
that . cowardice . has proved to be the
greatest heroism, for Admiral Kempff did
what he deemed his duty, even against
the advice of the admirals representing
the powers of the world, and^that duty
has proved to have been the. only right
move that was made upon ¦ that day.
When Admiral Kempff reported ¦ to the
Federal Government at Washington he
modestly said that he did not believe that
he had any right to initiate an' act of war
that would render more difficult the con
dition of the legations at Peking. It was
this reasoning that enabled- the United
States to -assume the position she did in
the East, for the Chinese have recognized
that the admiral of this country was the
only one who did not fire upon their flag.
When the position this country. had se
cured through this display • of judgment
•was realized, advantage was taken of it
by the diplomats at Washington, and ad
vantage will be taken of it by the com
mercial leaders who desire. the trade of
the great empire of the Far East. .His
act has been praised by the great papers
of the country who watch these events
and by statesmen, diplomats . and histo
rians. — •¦:-'¦¦.' - ¦
Bid What He Deemed His Duty.
The entire nation is interested in the
naval officer. The action of the American
admiral led Congressman Bartholdt to In
troduce a resolution in the House thank-
Ing the rear admiral for his -.meritorious
conduct at Taku, China.. It-was his wis
dom that caused foreign . diplomats and
statesmen to publicly announce in foreign
Parliaments • that the American admiral
was the one man who made no mistakes
in those trying times, while historians
have given him the same credit.
REAR Admiral Louis Kempff, the
commander of the American fleet
at the bombardment of the Taku
forts, is on his way to San Fran
" cisco and will arrive on the Pa
cific Mall Steamship Company's Peking,
which is due to arrive to T day. . Thi?
will be the first time ¦• he has
visited the United States since the
memorable event In the history
of the Orient During the stirring times
In China the naval officer was the repre
sentative of this country, and although
criticized at that time for his conduct the
criticism has given way to approval, and
the admiral has been complimented on
every side for his judgment in not partici
pating in the attack on the forts.
The coming of Admiral Kempff is of
double interest to the residents of this
State - by reason . of ; the fact that ¦ he is
practically a Californian. He has seen
more service about San Francisco Bay
than in any other section of the world.
He was for many years the commandant
of the liare Island Navy Yard. He mar
ried in San Francisco and his family, a
wife and two children, are residents of
the Hotel Metropole, in Oakland. His
eldest son is an officer on the U. S. S.
Albatross, doing duty out of this port. It
any State can claim Admiral Kempff It is
California.
This' is the man who will land in San
Francisco ; within the 'next -few 1 days, > al
most announced, and who will go quietly
to his home in Oakland. And. while the
foreign admirals, whose own countrymen
oharge them with having made blunders
through pointing to : Admiral Kempff as
the, man who did right, are ] being pro
moted and honored for even their blun
ders, the'- American' commander has not
only not been advanced, but the resolution
of thanks still slumbers with a committee
of Congress. While the men whom he de
tailed from his fleet to. aid in the march
on Peking have every, one been advanced
in rank and otherwise honored, the man
who assumed all of the responsibility and
upon; whom the blame for failure would
have fallen, returns to his own country
without a welcome save from his family,
and. without the advance in rank that was
awarded. to his subordinates.
- at . Taku. ; China. ' - - ._,
, Resolved, . by . the Senate arid . House of Rep
resentatives of the : United - States of America,
in Consxess IS assembled. That the thanks of
Congress be and', they are hereby .tendered to
Rear Admiral Louis Kempff, commanding ; the
Asiatic squadron, for the wisdom displayed by
him In refusing to join, the allied forces 'In the
bombardment of the forts, atTaku,. China. 3M
Navy, for meritorious' conduct
Tendering the thanks of Congress to Rear
Adminol Louis Kempff, United States
JOINT ItESOLUTION.
. Michael Maginness, a marine fireman, is
suing the Market-street Railway i Com
pany for. $25,250 damages for injuries he
alleges-he' received "while riding on a Fol
som-street car last October. He alleges
that.-he was' jammed between a truck
and the car through the carelessness of
the motorman , in trying to pass a truck
when there was not room enough.
llmlnary steps toward thanking Admiral
Kempff. The following resolution was in
troduced in the House of Representatives
on December. 2, 1901, by Congressman
Richard .Bartholdt of Missouri. It was
referred' to • the Committee- on Foreign
Affairs,- ' where : .it has . been ' allowed . to
slumber ever since: \
Sues Railway Company.
The trial of the suit of David Feigen
baum.against the semi-centennial Ad
mission day celebration committee of the
Native Sons of the 'Golden West for,
breach -of. contract was commenced In
Judse Sloss' court yesterday. Felgen
baum claims that he held a contract with
the committee to furnish 8000 flags for the
celebration in 1900, which was violated by
the A defendants. -He. alleges that he lost
$123* through their action. : He is suing
for -that amount and costs of suit.
Suit Against Native Sons.
.LONDON/ March ;.18.^-Describing the
disaster' to General Methuen; the "Pretoria
correspondent of the Standard Tepe'ats the
details already given in Lord ;Kitchener's
dispatches, ' and '. 'says :. ¦ that 7 General
Methuen .'.Identified > the .- Boer . advance
when It was -three: 'miles .distant.'.. The cor
respondent praises the .gallantry} of the
Boers,- who, he. says, charged 'hapless of.
the J hot . fire I poured | into , tnelr lines, and
contrasts the , cool 'steadiness of the Brit
ish Infantry -supporting the \ guns< whom
not even ; the Boer, charge almost up to
the ; ' muzzlesi of . their rifies ' could) shake,
with the ' blind - which : unneryed and
stampeded the. mountedj-ear _ guard.
> After placing.'the convoys jln'-th'e^ kraal
in' charge.' of ; Major: Paris,* ' coh|Inues£ the
correspondent, .'General , Methuen galloped
back-tothe gun's on. the right. -He en
couraged his men by his voice and gesture
an« ! became ! a v conspicuous target . lor the
Boer 'r marksmen, ;wn6' cone'entratea their
tire on him as he rode from point to point.
When Commandant Celliers unmasKed a
couple of 15-pounders ,and began shelling
the' kraal that position became hopeless,
and :¦ if -would "1 have been, 'under the cir
cumstances,' nothing short' of mardness to
look for^ any.-' favorable ¦ issue. .The only
means . . of j preventing * unavailing loss of
life was surrender, - .'•.^. ; -.-- ">
;.The Daily Mall, this morning says there
are "still; such heavy^demand? for ¦ horses
in South Africa that-' there Is no real re
serve at the cape. . The .War. Office is be
coming alarmed at .the heavy cost of pro
viding horses, and has ¦ again enjoined
Lord Kitchener to greater care in the ex
penditure- of horse flesh, as the market
price is rapidly rising. • \ ¦ ¦
Martial Law in Cape Colony.
The Premier, Lord Salisbury, .was called
on to defend the Government in the House
of Lords yesterday by a motion of Earl
Spencer (Liberal), demanding detailed in
formation %regarding. martial -law, courts
martial and executions in Cape Colony.
Lord Coleridge (Liberal), who followed,
declared that martial, law was imposed
over a vast area of South Africa where
not a shot has been fired and where there
is no resistance to Government authority.
Lord Salisbury said martial law was a
mere fashion of speech. What every one
admitted was that it was necessary to de
feat the designs of the King's enemies In
South Africa. This the Government was
determined to do, and he added, naive
ly, there was plenty of armed resistance
in Cape Colony to fully justify the appli
cation of martial law. ,
To Investigate Contracts.
In the House of Commons yesterday
Sir Henry Cnmpbell-Bannerman. the Lib
eral leader, moved the appointment of a
select committee to investigate the whole
commercial history of the South African
war, including the contracts for the 'pur
chase of remounts, meat and forage, nnd
the contracts, for. freight and. transpor
tation, saying that in. so doing he was
only fulfilling a, moral duty and echoing
a j sentiment . deeply felt : throughout the
country.,, ;" • ." /
War Secretary Brodrick replied that the
Government did not fear an investiga
tion. -It was true. that in ' operation" of
the magnitude of those in" South Africa
there must have been mistakes and
shortcoming?, and the War Office would
demand, as its right, an. investigation <&t
the proper, time, but • British, onerat ion3
in. all parts of the world would be paral
ysed if an Inquiry were . forced now. Had
the War < Office - been -': In - the condition
in which Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman
left it-. the '"war 'could not have .been car
ried on for two months, owing to the
shortage of guns, ammunition and all the
supplies requisite j for a campaign. ' '
Lawyer Pardee Pleads.
Julian E. Pardee; lawyer, of Qulncy,
Plumas County., appeared before United
States District Judge de Haven yesterday
morning and pleaded not guilty to the In
dictment charging him with conspiracy
ta defraud . the United States and with
subornation of perjury. .; The trial was set
for Monday. May 5. Pardee Is alleged to
have been implicated with Albert 8. Par
sons. John' H. Engle, R." H. Lewis and
W. H. Lewis in timber, lands frauds
against the Government in* Plumas and
Sierra counties. - ¦.-¦• <...-..-... . : .
Cash ' Sloan, who now Is in Paris,
cabled his sister that he had heard of the
marriage, and she expects a seconO mes
sage of confirmation within a day or two.
-Sloan- mef the young woman".;.- in .'the.
French capital more than. a year ago,' arid
at the conclusion of a very : short court
ship proffered his hand and "Immediately .
was turned down. A fewweeks later' she
came to America, and having no business
on the other side as important, : he (fol
lowed - her. • She reached • Syracuse, "and
Sloan arriving a few days later, made a
second offer of marriage and was ac
cepted. The ceremony was performed in
secret, .and although the - fact was i con
cealed, the jockey sailed from New York
¦ . P hi s new wife, who was on the ship
with him when almost 100 friends bade
him adieu; .. .. ¦ ;- - .;
NEW YORK, March 17.- rA- Telegraph
special from - Syracuse, t N. S Y., ' says:
Blanche Sloan, sister of '•; Tod- Sloan,- a the
jockey, Is -authority for f?the | statement
that I her brother, has beco/rie a" benedict
and that his bride is one/of the 'prettiest
little" French girls in all ,Pari3. v \ • ;' :
J Miss Sloan, whlb is performing here this
week, says she heard, of j the marriage | a
few i weeks ago, and although her- brother
denies it most strenuously, ; there is; ab
solutely no question in* her mind that he
has a wife. ' ' : « ¦ c . ¦ ¦)- ¦¦•;, '¦¦¦ •'•.•. ' . •;¦
Special Dispatch to The'.Cail.
3L,ife-Savin^ Crew to the Rescue
The scene of the accident was in the
well-known tide rips off Monomy Point,
which makes down from Chatham to
Nantucket Sound. Last Thursday the
barges Wadena and John C. Fitzpatrick,
on the way to Boston with cargoes of
coal, stranded on the Shovful Shoal, about
three-quarters of a mile off Monomy
Point. S!nce then every effort has been
made to float the barges and all day Sat
urday and Sunday men from Vineyard
Haven were at work throwing coal over
board from both of them. *
Last night the tug Peter Smith, which
has Keen lyir.fr beside the barges, ran
alongside the AVadena and told those on
board that a storm was coming on. All
the wreckers were taken on board the tug
with the exceptipn of the five men who
met their fate to-day. Mack, who had
come on from Cleveland, refused to leave
and ordered the captain of the Smith to
anchor near by. About 8 o'clock, the
weather growing very thick, the captain
of the tus decided to run into Hyannis.
Upon arrival there the captain tried In
vain to notify the Monomy life-savers
that there were five men left on board
i he Wadena. which being further out on
the shoal was in a more dangerous place
than the Fitzpatriclc This forenoon Cap
tain Eldredge, who had bee-i watching the
har?res, sighted signals of distress on the
Wadcnn. He got out his crew and surf
boat. The wind was blowing nearly a
gale from the southeast. 50 preparations
were made to launch the boat on the in
side of the point, where the water was
Emooth- The crew had no difficulty in
getting off, but after, rounding the point
it took nearly an hour to reach the barge.
By that time the tide had turned to the
eastward and a fierce cross-sea had been
kicked up. Captain Eldredge steered the
lifeboat under the lee <3! the Wadena, and
one after another the five men dropped
into the boat. With the wind astern it
seemed comparatively easy to gain the
smooth waters behind the point. The
seas were tossing an'd turning in the
rips, and Captain Eldredge was constant
ly looking for smooth spots.
Tremendous Sea Overturns Boat.
When about half-way in he thought he
discovered one over what he called a hole,
and the beat was sheered off for it. As .
she did so a tremendous sea caught her
under the stern and she went over, throw
ing all the men into the water. Being used
to theses, all the life-savers -clung to the
boat and managed to pull the Wadena (
men along with them. An attempt was
made to right the boat, but although. all
lifeboats are supplied with cork gunwales
they are heavy, and being full of water
the life-savers only managed to get her
partially cleared. They had some hope,
however, of reaching land until another
•wave again capsized the boat. Mack was
the first to succumb, and one by one the
others dropped away until there wero
only four left, and these climbed on the
bottom of the overturned boat. All were
fearfully exhausted. The four men drift
ed down In the direction of the Fitzpat
rick. where Captain Mayo of that craft
caught sight of them. With much daring
he dropped a dory overboard, then jump-
Ing in it started after the exhausted men.
Before he reached the lifeboat three of
the men had fallen into the sea, Ellis
managed to hold on and caught the rope
which Captain Mayo threw him. He was
dragged aboard, and then Captain Mayo,
being an expert surfman, pulled around
•the point into the smooth water and
landed the only survivor of the thirteen
who started from the barge.
CHATHAM. Mass.. March 17.— By the
capsizing of a lifeboat to-day seven life-,
savers, practically the entire crew of the
Jionomy station, .on the south end of
Cape Cod, met death at .their post of duty
and with them Into the sea went live
men from the Etrar.ded barge Wadena,
whom they tried to bring In safety to the
shore. One man, Lemuel Ellis, through
the heroic work of Captain Elmer Mayo
of another stranded barge, the John C.
Fitzpatrick, was rescued trom the bottom
of the upturned lifeboat. Among -those
lost was William H. Mack of Cleveland,
who was on the barge representing his
company, the Bouitile leading ana
XrunspJrtaXlon Company of that tr»ty.
Captain Marshall ti. EidreUge, one oi
the oldest me-saVera on the coast, went
tlown with his men. All the life-savers
came from Chatham and Harwich. Tne
names of those lost % are:
MA e RSHAili, IN. ELDREDGE, keeper.
South Chatham.
EDGAK SHALL, Harwich.
ELIJAH HENDK1CK, Harwich.
OSBOKNE CHASE. Harwich.
aRTHUH ROGERS, North Harwich.
LSAAC THOMAS tOVE, South Chat-.
V^ALENTlKE N'ICKERSOX, Harwich.
From the barge: .
WILLIAM H. MACIC, Cleveland v
CAPTAIN CHRISTIAN OLSEN, Bos
ton.
ROBERT MOLANEUX. Boston: stew
ard of tug Peler Smith. ,
WALTER A. SEVEDGE, Cottase City.
MANUEL EN'OS, Cottage City.
Pretty Little Romance Begins
at .Paris and Reaches OUr ¦ : :\
max at Syracuse.
Five Sailors Who "Were Being
Rescued Are Also
Drowned.
British Waiv; Office;. Enjoins
V Kitchener to 'Be More :
: Careful of Horses;/:l ; i:
Tod's Sister Says His
Bride Is a French
Seven Members 6f Life-
Saving Crew Perish
in the Sur£
Details of s the Battle
in .: Which' i Methuen
v Wasy Captured;
BOERS CHARGE
UNDER HOT FIRE
JOCKEY SLOAN
IS A BENEDICT
SERVES H IS COUNTRY BEST
BY HOLDING CANNON MUTE
Rear Admiral Kempff, the Only Naval Officer Who Refused
to Bombard Taku and Thus Gave America Place of . Van
tage, in the Orient, Is Returning Home on the Peking
TERRIFIC SEAS
CAPSIZE BOAT
THE SAIy FRANCISCO -CAIiL, TO 1 $ 0 £-
8
SOUTHERN PAOIFia
¦ AN ril*JH!l5H:«.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street) . .
ctatb — From Txbkvart 9. 13C3. — isnn
7:O*a Benicta. Sulsan, Elmira aad Sacra-
mentu H<3-1»
?>OOa VaetTlUe, WUtera, Rnmaer.'. 7:33#
«<3»* Martinez. 3auUauiou.Val)0]o.Nap*v _¦_
Ualiattifa, aixl Hanta lton......... «:23»
SiOOa Davis, tVoodlaud. KnljDU Lamllnf.
ManiTllle. CirotUIa. 7:3t>
1 8i00* Atlautlu Kzpreu— Osden aad Kast M>SSa
»:<><»a Nlles. Lathrop. Stockton ~:24f
BiiiOiMVs, MsnduU, Hanford. VUalia,
rotKrrUie i -a:33»
¦ i3»a Shasta Exprrs*— Darla. William* (lot
¦ . liartlstt RpTlnn). Willows. lleU
Bluff. PortlaiuL 7:53»
• ¦3ltA San Jose. Uforraore. Ktocktrm, :
- lone. Macrameiito. I'laerrTillv,
M>rT*TlII». Chleii. lteil lSl;i(T. 4:23*
¦ :»O* Oakdale. ChIaeas,Honon. Tuolomn* 4i23p
»:«(»» Ilayiranl. Mlc* aud Way Stations.. 1 li>V1«
BiO»a ValMo....... l»i»3»
UillllA Loi Angeles Tlxpron* — M«rt!ii#n,
; ¦ ¦ . Tracy. l.» ti.rop. n tor.k ton. Merced
- Fresno and Ixs Aneelrs 7i33a
O:SO* VallMn. Martbmx ittnl W»y Statlcns 7 !."»">#
ItttttOA Tbe UreilaiKl Limited— Osdea, Veu-
ter, Omaba. Chicago , Bi33*
fltOApSaoraineuUt liliar Steain^ra .., |lliUI>»
8iB«r llciileln. Winters. - Haoramento. -'¦'-«
->..,- '. Womllnml. .- Knfiiht* l^n<Ulig. ' **' "•
. ¦•" M«rr»»lll«. Omtills i l*:Sf»,
SiSOp Tlayiranl. NUrs ami Way Stations. . 7;iA » •
4i««p Martlii'sx. Hail Hainan. Vulioju, • .
N«i>». «.'»Il»5i>«a. M*ntn Itoiia BiZ-Ia
4iOOr NUes IJ»«rmor«. Stockton. Lcxll... 13;a3r
«::»»r Hsyw»ril. Nile". MaiiJi.se, Ll»'rnaor« tS:A3A
«:St»rTli« Owl Limited i- Fretno, Tulara,
'.-;. I'.akarsBalil, Haujna for Santa l!a»-
btra. lx>* Aniielea Hi3.1t
Bnii>r Port Costa. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton luia3A
OKittr iUrtin-r., Antioch. Stockton, lier- * ¦¦•'*'
«ed. Fresno l»:a."J»
¦>««p n»rtr»r,l. Nil** and Han Jose....... 7<A3a
f«tO«r Valiejf. lltS3«
•iO»r Oriental Mall— Osjfien, DonT»r, : .
Omaha. 81 Louis, Oblmgo.. ...... «i23»
T>OOr(>r«gi>nai)il California Ki|>iea*.Na«.
¦ ranumtif. MarysTllI*. Kh.I.II.ik.
I'urllnixl. rngat ri ,1 ami K«t fiSa*
•¦•SrSan Pabio. l'urt Costa, JUrtiaei
an. I Way Htatlons lliSS*
t»tO3p Tallf]f 7t8.->y
COAST LINE (.Narrow Uaa K a).
. (Fc4»tol Market gtreeU
•il»*N«'»ark.t't)iit«r l ||le.8auJo»9.T»IU>n.
Itoul.ler Creak. Santa Crux aud Way
Btatlm.* •(*)•*•
: t**'Sr Newark, CsnterTllIe. 8a» Joae. Na* ¦
.- . -Alma<l«n. Talton. llnnldar Oraok,
Santa Ufos aad X'rluolpal Waf
Station* IwiHOA
slilir Newark. Han Jose. Lfl* Gatos t*:*OA
••.5 i»r Hnnten" Train —San Jo*a aad Way
Button*. fT.»*»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrw SU riilGISCO— r*oi «f Ibrktt SUnt (SU* 8>—
11:15 t:00 11:00A.M. 1:C3 1:00 S;l8r.M.
rriaOllUXt— ,'fiU!|,..it.i.- tr, : OO |«;00 13.-0»
10:004.ii. 18:03 2.03 l-.03r.ii.
. COAST IjINE (Kroai! Can**).
. (Third and Tow—mt St» ) .
•««•«» A Han Jose and Way ««atlon«... ....... Nt4»A
7:«Oa Han .lime a,n<l Way SUtluiis. ........ f'""* A ¦
/7l«*a New Almatian / «ilO» .
IiOOa Coast Line Limited — San Jo»o.
- Gllr^j. HaJIaa*. Sap. Lr.fs ObUpOL
. Santa Barbara, Loa Aneelea and
/prlndpai Intermediate itatkra*.... 10i43»
tfwOa Nan Jom. Ties linos. Haiti*, «'ru». ¦
TaaiJie Uru*«. Salinx*. flaa T<ni*
Oblipo ami Principal in tarmedlaU
i>Uil»ii* «<!•»-
1O:»Oa 8«n Jose and Wtj Station*.. ¦i3«4
; IIiBOa Haii Jnss ami Way Stations flil«*
13i43» 8an Mater., ltedwoo.1. Menlo Park.
. Palo A 1 to. flan ta Clara, San .10*%
Tre* Flao*. Ha.it a Crux, SallnsaV
i . Monterey an-1 Paelno Grova...... |IOiO|>
»:air Han Jo*e and Way Station*. I »»i»r
?•il»r San Joseantt Priueipal Way Station* SiMS
«»ao» Bnn**t United— Monday*. Wednes-
days, Fridaja, for Lo* Angelea, El
Paso, New Orleans and New York. ¦
ArriTes' Bondays. ¦ Tnesdays and
Thursdays.,... , ICilSa '
fai.tr San Jose, Los Gatoa and Principal
Way Stations «fft««i
Siaop Ban Joss «ml Principal Way Station* •>*•» .
¦•"i' 8» n J o»» «»<» WayStatloo* 7«3«»
. »iw«p New Orleans Krprea*— Ran Late
ObUpo, Santa Baibmra. Loa An- . ,
pie*. Demlnc XI Paso, Naw Oi>
:^1" i_ . '•»«• and East — lltaW*
fJlt«3fSan Jose «n,l Way Station* 7l»*f
A for Morning. .'.... p tot Afternoon. .
: f Hvnday ezoepted. t Snnday only.
-•¦ttmrtWPnlT. /TnBaday^anjjy^B^
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AmTESTISEHENTS.
APraaiTisEMEyTS.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
has been fused for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN'
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and Is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Druggists In every part of
tha world. Be sura and ask for ¦
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND. V
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle. ¦
— ? ¦ '
,/^feN. DR. MEYERS & CO.
fm^i\ SPEC1ALISTS r0R MDi «
/ira *biuJM Established USL Coa>
I * Vt 5T n A '¦ttltatlon and prlv*t« boo«
i' "*O3w.m * ree at ofOc* or by nuik
\ PMtgEr / CurM CuarantMd.
\^^^h/ 731 MARKET ST.
>iZ>j^ ¦•', . gAK yRAKCISCO. CAJU,
1 -Railway tbavel.
CALIFORNIA- NORTHWESTERN RL CO;
-LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTd PACIFIC
• RAILWAY. COMPANY.
Tlburdn.Fdrry.Foot of. Market St.
¦¦¦'¦'¦' f^: San Franst«c» to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30. 5:10 6:30 p. m. . Thursdays — Extra
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips
at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS^-8:0O. 0:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
- - San Rafael t-» Pnn Francls:o.
WEEK DAYS — 6:10. 7:50. 0:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40. -5:15. p. u«- Saturdays^-Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 8:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:10, 3:40.
•5:05. 0:25 p. m. . ¦
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Apr. 18. l»01| San Franclaco.
Week! Sun- I ' I Sun- . I Week
Days: I ;days. | Degtlnatlon | days. | Day*.
7:30am 8:00ara Novato. 10:40am S:40aui
3:30pm 9:30ara Petaluma. 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm '. 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm.
Fulton. \ ¦ .
7:30am Windsor. \ 10:25am
5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am . A
¦ Lytton. W
' '" * GeyservlHe,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am - •-¦¦¦• 10:40am|10:25am
. - 8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm! • ¦.
3:30pm 5:00pm . . \ 6:20pa
' 7:30am 8:00am Sonoma * 9:15am 8:40am
. • • . • and : 1
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen-EUen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am] 8 :00am| . . |10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:S5pm| 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton. Springs; at
GeyservilJe for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. KelseyviUe, Carls- :
bad Springs, ¦ Soda' Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah. for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring* Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter"
Springe. .-Upper Lake; ' Pomo. ¦: Potter "Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln : Heights.' Hullvllle, Orr"s Hot Spring*.
Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg, ' Westport. - Usal.
Wlllits "Laytonvllle,- Cummins,- Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer,- Scotia and Eureka. .
- Saturday, to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced * rates. ¦ ,,. . • ¦.•¦.¦¦
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. - • -
Ticket/ office, 650 Market street. Chronicle
building. -'-""• :. : "V-",- ; ' -'•'.' r '
H. C. WHITING. ''. -.< ¦, R. X. RYAN,
¦.; ;.''.T*. 'Gen. Manager. -¦ Gen. Pass. Agt.
NEW ADVEETISEMENTS,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
- • V la Sausalito F«rry
Commenclna;, September 29, 1901. -
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAIXET
AND SAN' RAFAEL. • .
WBEK DATS — 6:58, 8:3<>, *»:3O, 11:00 a. ra.
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill » Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturday*
at 9:30 and 11:10 p. m. - **
SUNDA"V— *8:00. *10:00, «ll:30 a. m. •t-is
3:15, •4:45, «:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) nin to San Qu-ntln.
FROM . SAN RAFAEL .TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 'S:2S. 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10 -S «.
a. tn-^lZ :25. 2:15. «3:35. 4:40. 5:30 pV'jnt
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:5S p. m. .
SUNDAYS— «:15. »8:0O. »10:00. »U:45 a." a^.
n:40. M:15, 4:45. »6:30 p. jn. - C-.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCa
an? X sI^da??ir7:$0%^ O^35\ W nt lae8da «
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a,, m.. 12:05, 2li
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. -•*»»
THROUGH TRAINS.
.9:SS a- m. week days— Caaadero and «.,
sUttons. • • • ¦.**
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan MUls ana »»
stations, * . ¦ ' ¦ • way
•8.00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mill* and ¦»»»
stations. ... maa w »y
Lejsal, Holiday fcoats and trains -win mn oa
Sunday tirsc. • .
IB A GREAT, RESTORATIVE. InViGORa-
tor and ICervlne.
The most wonderful aphrodlelao and Special
?onie for the Sexual Organs, for. both e»xes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases bf the Kii-
&»-• and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
KABER. ALFE £ BRUKE. Agents. •
tZi U&rket at, 8. F.— (Bead for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana "Bitters
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABST ST. Established
In* ISM for the treatment of 1-rtvata
Diseases, Lost Manhood. -, Debility or
di«ra«fi wearlnfon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Tha Doctor cares when
others fall. Try him. .Charfes low.
CareaartiarAittr**!. Cnllor writ*
Or. im JT. fllBBON. uau Tranciaco. Cal _
WOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L*ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive ""
San Fran. Foot of Market SL San Fran
til I' 11^ a" *-*."^'M«»«^*7a.*« P- 3:40 r.
l-.iop.l*-"- »»*»v*»* £g J- "* »v
r»«, Su rnsolm ta Summit aad lUm it o* "'
Modern science has discovered that dan-
druff Is caused by a grerm that digs up the
ecalp In scales, as It burrows' down to t the
Toota of. the hair, where" It destroys -'the
hair's vitality, causing: falling -' hair; ¦, and,
ultimately, baldness. After ; Prof.' Urina
of Hamburg, : Germany, discovered the
dandruff germ all efforts to findaremedy
failed until the great, laboratory- discov-
ery was made which resulted . in. New-
bro's Herplcide. It alone -of . all other
hair preparations kills the dandruff germr
Without dandruff hair grows luxuriantly.
"Deetroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect."
Become Bald.
KIXL THE \ DANDRUFF GEB.M.
Or Your Hair Will Fall Out Till You
DR. flALL'S EEINV1QO2ATOE^?S^
£tope a.11 loEsra in 21 hours. Five ¦ Djflp*ips£3
hundred reward for any case we EfXl BBE4
cannot cure. This . secret remedy 13 H
cures Emlff.'om, Irnjxitencjr &3H (jmkb
Vartcocole, Ooncrrhoea. Gleet. 1*3 ISKS
Etrirtures, Drains, Lost Man- iMljj lHj|l
hood and ail ether wEEtlng cf- K3 H&A
iecte of self-abuse or excesses. ¦ KaBgg^g
Kent eealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles, th; guaranteed
to cure any case. - Call or address .orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. tw5 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. AIbo for eale at 1073 u
M«rket ct.. S. F. Send for tree book. "
'Santa ¦Eev.,:'
¦ ¦ rf^H ill — »• n <i 1 1 * *
• * *•* *,¦ ¦¦ 'J'^^JL'clll Jr » &8a3zZm
'Leave' Market-street ¦ Ferry. D«pot. •
• • ftocal I Llm'd | Ovrl'd Local
.' ' . T ~ .1 Daily I Dally I Dally Dally "
Lv. San Fran 7:20a 9:00 a 8:C0 p 4:20p'
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
"Merced... 12:2»p 1 :17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
"Fresno... 2:05p 2:35 p 3:1ft a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" .Vleall*..: 3:39p 5:00a
g " Bakersfld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
. ¦• Kan. City. ....... 2 :40 a 7 :30 a .......
"Chicago ..'. 2:15p 9:00p.......
a for morning, p for afternoon.
• 9:00 a. m. train is the- California Lim-
ited, - carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through. to Chicago. Chair Car
. runs to - Bakersfleld \ for accommodation of
local . first-class passengers. ' No . second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding, train arrives at 7:05 a.m. daily.
-4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. ; Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. ' dally.' ¦ ¦ ¦ ' •' : - ¦
- 8 p' m. is 'the .Overland Express, with
through ' Palace and . Tonrlst Sleepers . and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, * which cuts out at Fresno.
• Corresponding ¦ train . arrives at 6 :0U p. m.
7:20 a/'mv Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping'
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrive* at 8:40 a. m. dally.
- Offices — 041 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. '• San - Francisco; i 1112. ¦ Broadway
Oakland. .... ¦¦" • r " ¦ -; ;:- ,.
1tw$£si9$L^m^ \l j*^v W IT *rJrt ll KJy^^ilj I' afi? I J it ;: I jf* ** \ 2
'^flK^MHftpBfc £j aapCui pi 11 n j 3 - I' i/u ( 'yr*Sa. ' ¦— — .12 ¦*S»s i X^^tS^^sl
||U Elizabeth Hesselman, Treasurer;
of the Neenah, Wis., Schiller ;Club, Tells
How LyHia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
Wm§^M^0S^0^^^^ and
(Improved Her: General Health.
• "Dear Mrs. Pi^kham: — I >as always a healthy girl untfl
aboutayear ago whert I caught a' severe cold, coming home from a
party. For months : after : that I was very irregular and suffered
severe pains for a day. or two. I lost flesh and strength, and be-
came ; alarmed.' - My mother procured a bottle of L.ydia E. Plnfc-
hairi's Vegetable Compound for me, and I began to take it
faithfully. I soon "found that my. general health improved, and within
>a couple of montiis I became regular to a day, and suffered no further
pain, and several of my friends ' .have been helped through its use
; since.'.' — Elizabeth Hesselman, 129 First St., Neenah, Wis.
$5000 FORFEIT /IF THE ABO\TE LETTER IS XOT GEXUIXE.
When women are troubled with irregular, supposed or painful men-
struation, weakness, leucorrhtfea, displacement orulceration of the womb,
that bearing-down feeling, inflammation. of the ovaries, backache, bloat-
ing (or flatulence), general debility, indigestion, and nervous prostration,
or are beset with such symptoms as dizziness, faintness, lassitude, ex-
citability, irritability^nervousnessj sleeplessness, melancholy, "all-gone
and " want^to-be-lef t-alone " feelings, blues, and hopelessness, they should
remember there is one tried and true remedy. ;Lydia E. IMnknam's
Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles. Refuse to buy
j any. other medicine, for you need the best
Mrs. PinkTinm invites all sick women to write her for advice.
She has gruided thousands to health. Address 1/vrm. Mass.
AD VEBTISEMEli'TS-
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
W*J VVl Bf . Wsfl *bbbbS VaVfaam \pril sB H
One Very Gammon Cause, Generally Over-
| <: 'v. ¦•,¦¦• ' ¦¦ ;; Looked.'/ :; v-' \r'; ; :y- :[i^{:
1 Httdteht Is a Common and Distressing Affliction and May Bt Out to
a Number off Causesr-fhe Principal Causa of Frontal
Riadache 1$ Hera Pointed Out. r > ;
Headache is a symptom, 1 . an, Indication ot de» poison' from ' the '- system .' through the' natural
rangement or .disease In some orean, ' and the channels.; ."-.; ." - ' ."•• - ; ¦;. ""¦
cause of headache Is 'difficult; to' locate ;be£ ;Mlss Cora Alnsley, a prominent "school teach-
cause-BO; many diseases ." have ¦•headache as-^a er in 'one of our normal schools, speakc of. her
prominent symptom; derangement of: tlie stpm-^ experience .with j oatarrhal headaches and eulo-
: ach land . IJver, heart-trouble-, , kidney.; dlseage. pizes Stuart's Catarrh as "a cure j for
lung trouble.- ey^ strain or 111 fitting glasses, all: ¦ them. '. She ; says : - : ';i ; suffered ¦"dally ! from '. *e-
: produce headaches, and If we could always lo- yere frontal, headache" and "pain In and back of
cate the organ which Is at fault the cure of ob- the eyes,' 7 ' at^tlmes' so .Intensely 'as to 7 lncapacl-
stlnate ; headaches would ; be \a" much . simpler tate me f In* 1 my ; dally .; duties. I had suffered
matter. .'".; . ' • \. '.',-¦•¦¦ .' from catarrh,- more or less,' for years, "but never
i However,' for that form of headache called thought It :was the cause of my headaches, but
frontal, headache, paln.back of the "eyes and In ?™ n U%!!*™?JJ^' l l!? e £ '¦ thAt * 8U f h ' WM nhe
forehead, the cavsels now. known to be. 6atarrh ¦!%Z*^&-£S^.tt£W'Z a Z
of , the/head' and throat; when the headache i3 tarrh.v, ...-. . -. .: ." '•. ¦ ',
located - In •• back "of head : and neck ;Mt Is. often « "Stuart's Catarrh .Tablets were hlghly.'recom-
caused from catarrh of the stomach or. llvef. mended to me as a safe and pleasant catarrh
• . :;-'-•¦-;¦-•'¦-.¦ ?•' ' J ¦.-'¦.; '•"• -. ' ¦•-.'¦• cure, ; and • after using a- feV 60-cent . boxes
At'; any .rate : catarrh s ls _¦ the. most common which ¦ I ¦ procured - from ; my i druggists I ¦ was
cause; of, such headaches andyhe cure 'of, the eprprlsed and' delighted to find that both the
: causes" a ' prompt disappearance ' of ' the i catarrh ¦ and - headaches had ! tone - for , good." ' ¦ ¦
headaches.- ; -.-'¦'• , : ¦ < . Stuart's Catarrh .Tablets are sold by druggists
t—.. •—•».'•*- ' ; ¦- ¦' ' ¦¦¦¦¦¦- ..¦ ¦*••. at SO cents per package, under th* guirantes
There Is at. present no treatment! for catarrh ofvthe proprietors -that, they contain absolutely
eO convenient and efTectlye as Stuart's 'Catarrh no j cocaine « (found ,ln ; so. many ¦ catarrh -cure*).
Tablets,*; a new Internal -remedy' In* tablet form,' no opium -(so common: In cneap cough cures),
'composed 'of .antiseptics ' like 'eucalyptol ¦ giial- n ,? r : a ? y ,' harmfu l '* m *\ V- The y ' conUin ' simply
acol%ib.ood root^wh^h^tiupon 1 :^^
and cause the elimination of the catarrhal ,tarrhal,dlsease..'|^|BMMB«rf
¦ Brewed in ; a .plant as -clean
Has the cleanest home kitchen
¦—always ojien to your inspec-
g tion- -58,971 visitors last year./SAN, JOSE,"-Marchi 17. -^-Santa: Clara' Col
lege won^a i hotly., contested football . game ;
from \ the . University '¦'¦ of -¦ California -on the
Santa Clara - grounds , this ? afternoon, * the
score -being I tb 3. ¦¦./.•"*••'•/
Santa/ Clara ; Beats California.' :• ; . •
KNOXVILLE. Tenn., March 17.— Local!
machinists . are/ Informed that; .Senator j
Hanna is to represent- the. sworkinwi':. In"
the strike of machinists on the Southern
Railroad. Their information,is.that-Sen
ator Hanna and President' Spencer of the
Southern. will hold a conference .and talk
over .the differences and • that an:-agree
ment'will be reached- by , which '-all' 'the
men 1 : who . went out several', months ; ago
cfen return ' to work.- • r • - ;-.'.¦ -. ; v» ; ..:. '.;¦¦ ? „-"• ,; .'¦
Hanna -as a • Mediator.
Used to Blow TJp'Austro-Hun
garian .Vessels. (
. VIENNA, March' 17.— A sensation . has
been caused here by -the discovery'; of; a
plot to destroy the' .'Austro-Hungarian'
warships Hapsburg and Arpad, "which are
stationed at Pola: A. large quantity of
dynamite was recently stolen at Trieste,'
and the Government has. been informed by.
an anonymous letter that the.-Hapsburg:
and Arpad were imperiled/ The vessels
have since been rigidly guarded. ¦< • ".'
Dynamite Stolen at -Trieste- to Be
PLOT IS. DISCLOSED ,
TO DESTROY WARSHIPS
| PORT r ANTONIO* March • 17.— It TsVre
porled;.by 't_hose'' B on"' the steamer Lauen^
j burg, k . w'liich" arrived ' f ro'nv Hay tl ¦ this • af t^
iernoon, that while all Is quiet in'that lsl
,and the Inhabitants are ready for an-out
break;"/ ' .- . -.«-. .-¦>:.-. • .-• : ¦¦¦; ;¦¦
/President Sams, it- is' said; : will? not^be
.tolerated for\another •year'-and 'he- need
; not seek re-election. The>national credit
lsvery low." It is probable' that. Touchard
¦^'lir.be the next Preside"* ¦."• •. ¦ " /" :. :c;
rrecident "Sanjg, ; It k , Ta i Said, ;^Will -Ncl
'Be Toleriated for Another^ l*^
-. : ¦ :. : ":"" /"Year. • " : , ''.:::¦.
INHABrrAUTS ¦ OF HAYTI , ,
: ¦[. REAlDY FOR } AN: OUTBREAK
TAtOMA,, MarchV 17.*^-In the Superior.
¦Court /here to?da'y,.r'Judge;Triu6ton signed a'
decree ; of • nuliity- «nd ' divorce in the case
of Robert. C. iUaweagalrist'-Madeline Beat
rice LawiS. ; Ifi'\th6*. complaint Lawe as
serted—that : early'^last autumn he met
Madeline, and-on^ November 50 they, were
married, the defendant representing her
self to be a widow. . Lawe learned later,
he alleged/that she had two other, hus
bands still- living, from .neither of. .whom
she had bechil-egally divorced. Mrs. Lawe
failed to appear to answer, the complaint,
and Judge Huston granted' the r petition
of : plaintiff.'-. Mrs.- Lawe is said to be in
San Francisco.*. .• v .- ~: ¦/ '..•-."
CLAIMS HISl WITEt HAS : >V"
TWO v! OTHER HTJSBANDS
Court Considers; RoTjertC.Xawe's:Al
lcgatioVSixfflcient'Oroiirid for ; • v
- ./- : -v-/. ' .-, Divbrce.Hi "'- -.
SLOS^ ANGELES,: March 17.— President
i Ripley/of the • Santa -Fe ¦ road . will j come ; to
'Lcs Angeles .this- week-from Santa; Bar
,bara,'where"'he . is ispendlrig r (he wiri£er,
and' will ' conf er-. with /.Third Vice -Presi
dent J..- W, 1 Kendriek8, ..who Is ; now here,
on -.the subject of Improvements " on* the
coast divisions of the;road/-The new'llne
* into < Oakland -.will be one - of - the ¦ subjects
considered, un.nd: another .matteri" relating
. to t the '¦ San i Francisco I end * of the road will
, be . the proposition to build .' a .• gas : workB
', for f the ¦ road at; Point Richmond : to- sup
ply,Santa -'Fe ¦ trains ,- with' Pintsch g»9/
Works •, similar to ' those ; in Los Angeles
¦will- be built ¦-¦ ' • •
Santa ;Fe? Improvements.
MYSTERIOUS BIDDER' TOR
' : '¦-¦' :''\^v ?!:• iFIlANCHISE. ; A WOMAN
-VEr^-D^is^fl^ULn^ie^^ves
'.;, , \ -ito if He!\ the '¦. Wif e ¦ of Tractiiii • ¦ ' : :
; ." "/ \ :/«¦ V^Company 's ; Auditor.^ \ "^ '. '
c .LOS : ANGELES,.March[fi7.r-'}M.ysteri
ous"', E;/AV' Davis, ,.who • entered " the-, Ciark-
Traption,/bid ;. for . the ! blanket street . rali
v/ay franchise, was a woman. Mrs. Eliza
beth. 'A/ Davis, "wife . of r Harry IV.; Davis
the Traction- Company's k auditor, : 'is the
loni-soiight "bidder/ ¦ .' ¦¦ ../ • /
• Credit .for,> the;' discovery is due' * to
Georgs McGulloch, deputy United States
Marshal. ;*FoW one.. week. the officer has
made:search"fpr*E.-"A.. Davis, 1 to serve a
copy : of.;the complaintifiled by.the Hunt
ington syndicate to ; enjoin - the city, the
Traction Company; and ; E. A. Davis from
interfering with the alleged rights of that
corporation 'in proceeding under; the fran
chise .* awarded - to . it." but afterward an
nulled.. When the officer called upon Mrs.
Davis she ¦ laughed and acknowledged her
identity.': / ¦ /¦ l"///' '.,-:'¦¦ \ - . -.-- •/ ¦ ¦
.'."I /understand "that -there is a^ reward
offered for me; V she 'said. "You: ha»2
won it." ¦ '¦: ¦¦''- ¦'.' s - ¦¦.-"• :; '•'•'-'• •"'.¦.., ¦¦¦-
Licensed to Marrv.
OAKLAND. March 17.— Licenses to mari
ry were issued to-day to Fred L. Coryell,
aged 43 year?. Alameda. and Susana Ker.*
lake, '38. Oakland; Constantino Fugazi. 2»,
and Marie Casela, : 18. both of Amador
City.
WASHINGTON. March 17.— The House
Committee on Rules,' by a divided vote on
party lines, to-day decided to report the
resolution of > Representative Crum packer
of "Indiana, /for a special committee of
thirteen members to investigate and ; re-^
port on the alleged dlsfranchisement of
voters in some of the States. "ilRSBHHH
On Alleged Disf ranchissment.
..NEW. YORK, March • 17.-A new trans
coritiriental express company, to compete
with the /AVells- Fargo,.! will within a few
months' open-New .York offlces.' It is the
Pacific/' Express Company, , 'owned by
George/Goujd,' and' which at present con
trols the express business of the Missouri
Pacific,- Iron Mountain, International and
Oreat Northern and-. other Gould roads
It will be part of. the comprehensive plan
which George Gould has or connecting the
Atlantic and^ Pacific, seaboards by means
of / at new ••> transcontinental railroad
.which,-. it Is;said,;will be known as the
Atlantic -and Pad fie Air Line . .' *
Special D!3patch'to The Call.' '
"; Burglars carefully planned ,the robbery
of Adolph Lundsman's grocery, and saloon
at 1238 Stockton . street Sunday evening.
They visited the premises in the. daytime
and with chalk marked on the outside of
two doors the location of inntr iron bars.
After the place had been- closed for the
night they chopped '¦ apertures through
these doors, raised, the. b,ars. and by- this
means gained an entrance. '•'•
The burglary adds another to the long
list recently committed on 'North Beach
and Is regarded by the . police as being;
exceedingly bold, owing to the daylight
operation. The <fcrcoks climbed over, a
fence in. the rear, chopped one dopr». that
leads into the building and another "• that
op«;ns into the main -floor "of the;-«t<Src..-"
Before departing the ¦'. ! thieves;-;-.opened
the cash register, till and' nlckeiyhHtJis
slot machine with a "jlmmie," 1 and 'took
about $40 in coin. In addition they car
ried away goods;. valued. at $10d. K
WASHINGTON. March 17.— The statu
tory retirement of ¦. Major General E. ; S.
Otis'on the; 25th Inst. will vacate the
commands of the. departments of the
Lake3 at Chicago and of Dakota . at St.
Paul.- Major General Arthur MacArthur,
now at Denver In command of the De
partment'of the* Colorado; will be trans
ferred to .Chicago,, and Brigadier Gen
eral Frederick Funston, now in this city
on leave of absence, ¦ will succeed Gen
eral MacArthur in command of the De
partment of the Colorado. . » . .-
Brigadier General \VV. A. Kobbe, who is
also In this city-, on leave of absence, will
be assigned to the Department of ¦ Da
kota. ' /•, ' ..- 7 • .:' .
of the Colorado. ¦'•*
to Command of the Department
Brigadier General Funston, Succeeds
Portola Council . No. 470 of the Young
Men's Institute has appointed a commit
tee to arrange for an entertainment and
dance in Golden Gate Ha*, on the night
of April 10.
Pcrtola Council to Entertain.
EETIREMENT OF OTIS ' -
NECESSITATES. CHANGES
George Gould Is at the
Head- of New Ex
¦ ¦ press Company.
¦¦¦¦;¦// - • *
Chop Way Into Store
and Stear Coin and
.^ . :¦ Groceries.
O'Brien. Lyman Lowe, Harry Howard'
and James Moran were playing on the
corner of Tenth and Martha streets, at 7
o'clock. A loose -guy wire from the elec-.
trie mast of the Light andL Power Com
pany had fallen over a livrlight wire of
the Electric Improvement Company and
crossed with another guy wire.- . ¦. ¦' .j..
The latter wire. In flapping 'against "a
tree, made sparks and the boys were dis
cussing its power. - One of the lads start- j
ed up a tree to touch It to see if the cur- '
rent was strong, but before he could \
reach it O'Brien ran to the. post, wherej
it was attached and Jumped tip andj
caught the wire with his hands. He- re- J
ceived the full voltage of the electric!
light wire and fell back dead without ut- )
tertng a sound. .-;': ..... ,, ¦ <1
The companions of ; the boy gave the?
alarm and the body, was removed to thej
Morgue. There waa'not a mark or bruise 1
on O'Brien's body.. 5 . ,. ...,...: . ||
O'Brien resided with his widowed moth- 1
er, Mrs. Nora O'Brien, on South Eleventh^
street, near Keycs.
SAN JOSE, March 17.— The foolhardi
ness and daring of George O'Brien, a 16-:
year-old boy, cost- him his life to-night,
at the • corner of ..Tenth and Martha^
streets. Eager to outdo a companion he?
grasped a live electric wire and .received '
a shock of several thousand volts. Death!
was instantaneous. . . -• J
Expires Without a
Moan.
San Jose Lad Grasps a Live. Wire and
BOY'S DEED OF BRAVADO . .
ERINGS INSTANT DEATH
CHICAGO, March 17.— Clever footwork
and constant holding while in trouble was
all that saved Eddie Lenny of Philadel
phia from being knocked out to-night by
Benny Yanger at the America Club. Yan
g«r forced the fighting from the start and
easily gained the decision at the end of six
rounds of as fast fighting as ever was
witnessed in Chicago.
decision Goes to Yanger.
budget of the coming fiscal year and the
Cafe Royal ficense. , Nothing was made
public regarding the meeting, but it was
intimated that no determination had been
reached regarding the Cafe Royal permit
Police Commissioners in Caucus.
The Police Commissioners held an ex
ecutive meeting last night to discuss the
ESTATES APPRAISED.— The estate of Abi
ga'l A. D. Zlnn. which consists of real estate
In the Mission and Western Addition, has J>een
appraised at $21,821 05. Kate Norton's estate
has. been appraised at $30,000. She owned.prop
erty in the Western Addition. . - '
WELLS-FARGO
TO HAVE RIVAL
INJURED AT THE CHUTES.— L. N. Klrk
patrlck, who resides at 2504 Fulton street/ had
his left ehoulde-r dislocated yesterday while
working "at the Chutes. He was struck by a
!f ver. which was euddenly released by one -of
the men with whom he was ' working, /' and
hurled about ten feet. In falling he struck
upon h!» fhoulder. .--. .-
Jchn Pforr, a real estate agent, was be
fore the Board of Education yesterday to,
urge the purchase of a lot of land 175x200
feet en Fulton avenue, near Berkshire
, street, for ?7000. as a site for a school
houte in the Sunnyslde district. A num
ber of the- residents of the district were
present to urge the purchase of the lot.
Owing to an injunction, the Board did
net try Miss McKinney. for which object
the nieetrnff wa« -specially called. - —
Offers Lot for School to City.
* .The s Colombian legation -was informed
this afternoon ;that a; new- Cabinet had
entered Into :\ power. ..In Colombia, with
SoncP: Felipe : P. Paul -as /Secretary .of
State. .Paul- is i regarded *aa''one of. the
strong ' men ¦, of Colombia, , apd it is "¦ be
lieved wiH.be- able to use influence with
the;- .insurgents i to L:induce 'them y to -.lay
down'; their arms. /;;.' \, /¦¦'¦'¦ "_
; -.^WASHINGTON, D. >C, March 17.--rOfn
clal advices! received by.the State Depart
ment show| that!. the insurrection situation
onlthe isthmus has, become more serious. 1
Fortunately the Marietta ;¦ is .at -Colon,
and: the Philadelphia left. Guaj r aqu:i -. to
day for 'Panama. "-These-- two snips will
land marines and bluejackets should any
attempt be/ made to -> interrupt .transit
across 'the. Isthmus. ••¦'. -.,,-' - :-.-> <-
ISTHMIAN \ INEXntRECTION
v is( GROWING MORE SERIOUS
WASHINGTON; D. C.March 17.—Post
office discontinued, April 39, California-
Pierce, Rlversfde County, mail goes to
Palm Springs.. Postmaster commissioned,
California— Frank P. Church, San Lean
dro.V •. ;' •-. : ; .:\l r ;-;' '". ¦;•/ '-'¦ :
These . pensions • were granted to-day:
California— Original— Frederick L. J Knowl
ton, Stockton, Jti. Increase— John Wilson,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles, $12; John
Gog-giri, Sart ¦ Francisco, $8; . Alonzo J.
Bennett,- Los Angeles, $12; George W.
Myrick,' Woodland, $8; Gasslus H. Dar
ling,-WeaVcrViile. $6. Mexican War—Wil
liam' S. ' Smith, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles, $12;. Henry Koster, SariXFrancisco,
$12;' Thomas Ward, -Veterans'. Home,
Napa, $12; 'Morris T>eldowane,\ Wheatland,
$12. ,, - ... ;• '' •.-;: .-..-¦ .
Oregon— Increase— James E. Trump,
Yoncalla, $8; Jonathan Paddock, Clacka-'
mas,' $10; Samuel N. Carter, Lebanon, $12;
William Kertson, Gadton, $12; John C.
Pierce, Marshfleld, $10. Widows— Julia C.
Labarr,' Portland, S3.,..; . t.
Washington— Increase— David • Heffner,
Vancouver, $10; James H. . Knight, Exa,
$12: David W. Hill, Tacoma, $12; widow
ana. minors of George. Lewis Gains, Mat
lock,. $10;. Rose Howard, Seattle, $8.
¦ The condition of . the national, banks 'of
San Francisco at the close of business
February, 25, .as repotted - to-, the ; Comp
troller of. Currency, shows an average re
serve of 39.39 per cent, against 31.21 ,' per
cent on December 10. Loans 'and discounts
decreased . from, $20,541,123- to $20,127,724;
total specie increased .from $3,535,464 to
$5,291,73)$;. lawful money resers'e, from $3,
603.322 to $5,311,717, and-ind!vidual deposits
from $18,085,900 to $18,2$1.S39.
Navy order— Captain -B. F. Tilley is to
be detached from Mare island navy-yard
April 1, and will report to the commandant
the same 'day for duty as captain of the
yard, relieving Captain' C.'.H. . Rockwell,
who will then^ be, detached and ordered
'¦home:'- ;••¦'¦'• - : -.- ''I"'- ¦-'¦-¦ ¦-*;•/ • ..v ;
rAritty order— Contract 'Surgeon Fletcher
Gardner.V now; at * Blobmingt6n, ;> Md., i is
ordered to San Francisco, , for transporta
tion ' to .the .Philippine*.'''-,';'-:/"-. : /
A board of :offlcers'is; appointed to meet
at thfe call j of ; .the president :thereof ,¦ ,. at
• tha Presidio of San Francisco'.'- for. the ex
amination /of -fluch. : officers , as ..- may. : be
ordered, before it tol" determine- their fit
ness . fcr , promotion. : The 'detail for the
board' 1$ -as > follows: .y Colonel -Jacob B.
Rawles'of -the artillery ;). Lieutenant Col
onel Benjamin : C.Lockwootl. Seventeenth
Infantry ; I Major : Henry S;> Kilhourne.' sur
geon; -Major Charles. .Wj .Hobba-f of the
artillery ; ¦ - First •; -Lieutenant ¦ ¦ Henry-. 1 S.
Greenleaf, surgeon,' and /.First
Lieutenant Ralph' i P. .- Brower, - artillery
recorder. ¦-. • . - : V ' K
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and. More New
: Pensions Granted. ;
The Secretary cf War has ordered the
following assignments of surgeons now
in this department: James H. McCall, to
the Presidio General Hospital ; R. King
Cole, to the transport . Meade: Louis A.
Spaeth.- to Fort Sheridan, Illinois;- Willis
S. Home, to Fort Sheridan, Illinois, and
Joseph J. Shafer, to the transport Meade.
Surgeons Rcc. ,a Assignments.,
OF^ INTEREST. TO PEOPLE
\ ¦ OF THE PACIFIC COAST
John J. McCar.n and Harry J. Smith
vero held to answer before the Supe
rior Court by Judge Cabaniss yesterday
on the charge of robbery in $3000 bonds
earn. V-TiKe G. Mercadler. an old mr-n
living at S,'8 Jackson street, was walking
along Dupont street, near California, en
the afternoon of March 7. Smith grabbed
hold cf his arms' from behind and Mc-
Cann stole hls.g61d watch and money.
They were pursued and. captured by Po
licemen Fleming and Carr.
Robbed' an Old Man.
SALT LA&E, March 17.— Jack Clifford,
the sturdy little California lightweight,
knocked out Jack Wade, the lightweight
champion of Montana, in the thirteenth
round of a scheduled twenty-round bout
at the Salt Lake Athletic Club to-night.
The blow that did the business was a
right hook squarely on the point of the
chin, and Wade did not recover for some
time after being dragged to his corner.
The fight v/as a very, fast one after the
third round. For the first four round3
Wade was the aggressor, though he
fought very carefully, paying a great
deal of attention to Clifford'3 stomach
with his ri?ht.
In, the sixth round Clifford sent Wade to
the floor with a right to the chin, and
after that slowly but surely fought his
way to 'victory. "Wade went down again
In the ninth and was very weak. He came
up surprisingly strong for the tenth, how
ever, and had Clifford in a bad way for a
moment. But Clifford evened matters up
and In the twelfth sent Wade to the floor
five times. The knockout blow came
about the middle of the thirteenth round
during a fierce mix-up in Clifford's corner.
The Young Calif ornian Lightweight
Scores a Knockout in the Thir
teenth Round.
JACK CLIFFORD DEFEATS
1 JACK WADE AT SALT LAKE
Will Be Heard in^Mcnd^cino.
George E. White, the 'Mendoclno cattle
king, who is being sued fcr divorce by
Louise E. White, because of . his 1 alleged
fondness for spiritualistic, mediums, peti
tioned the Superior Court 'yesterday tor a
change of venue to Mendoclno i County,
where he claims he has resided for the
last forty years. Consent to the change
of venue has been given by the plaintiff.
White also demurred to his wife's com
plaint, on the ground that it did not pre
sent sufficient cause for action. •' .'.¦•¦ -
• The loss- to stock-is hard to estimate.
A . report from Dickinson. N. D.,. places
the loss at from 25 to 30 per cent, while
rumor places it in. other localities at a
much higher figure. '. . .
¦; ST. PAUW. Minn.,; March 17.— The great
blizzard '; which had ragetf-over- the Da
kotas and Manitoba!, since last Friday
subsided last, night/.,, and , to-day -the
weather was generally fair, but intensely
cold, the thermometer ranging from 10 to
16 below zero. With the subsidence of the
storm, the ' railroads are bending their
energy to again open their ' lines for
traffic,- aud immense rotary snow plows
and gangs of men with pick and shovel
are attacking the mountainous drifts that
block the tracks. . The Great Northern
has succeeded In opening "Its line as far
west as Church's Ferry. N. D., and the
road is expected to be clear as far as Mi
not by morning. This will open an ave
nue of escape for the transcontinental
trains on that road, which have been
snowbound . at' MInot since ;Friday night.
If all goes well the coast train ' that
should have arrived In St. Paul last. Sat
urday morning will get here some time
on^ Wednesday. The Northern Pacific ex
pects to have its road open again by to
morrow, and its through trains that have
been held at Mandan in the west and
Fargo in the.east.will.be re-started upon
their journeys. :
While the reports ''so far have been
meager and many remote points have not
been. heard from, it Is the. general belief
that not more than eight or ten persons
perished throughout the storm-swept re
gion. A- family of four is reported "to
have perished near MInot. N. D., and two
or three others are '< said . to '¦ have been
frozen tO: death at. different localities.
f orts to Release the Snow
bound Trains. ,
Railroads Are Making Strenuous ;E^-
BUT FEW LIVES LOST
IN THE BIG BLIZZARD
THIEVES COMMIT
A DARING CRIME
The residence of Mr. and Mrs. H. L. E.
Meyer, 2724 Pacific avenue, was the scene
of 'a. "pretty home wedding last evening.
The .happy principals were Miss .Emma
Meyer and Assistant Surgeon George
Henry Richardson, U. S. A. The -event
was quiet, only relatives and intimate
friends being present. Rev, .Hitchcock
performed the ceremony. Miss Ida Voor
man was ' maid of honer and the four
Cs-r»»>aHE Daughters of . California"
II Pioneers had a delightful tea yes
11 terday. .afternoon at the club
..11 rooms, 5 Pioneer, place. The
' principal feature of entertainment
was an able address by Mrs. Laura
I Bride " Powers oh "California Missions.'.'
j The fair speaker urged" that the society
I found a club for. the purpose ofrestor
| ing and preserving_the ruins. of missions
built by 'the -first :California Padre, Juni-'
pero Serr'a'. in 1769', -who was buried in San
Cairjps~ IJK 1757. -rTheP bnly • structure-in San •
Francisco is Dolores Mission, but others
are, scattered throughout the State that
arc widely Interesting as historical points
I and should be preserved. Mrs. Powers la
a. Native Daughter . and thoroughly at
home with: the subject, as she has writ
ten two books regarding the missions that
have been pronounced especially clever.
One appeared four years ago and the
other will be published in September.
I After the discussion refreshments were
I served. The afternoon was delightfully
I spent.
Ed Alvarado, an opium fiend, was
stabbed in the breast yesterday afternoon
by Nell O'Brien, another gentleman ad
dicted to the use of the same drug. The
cutting occurred on Sacramento street,
near Kearnv, ;ar.d was the result, of . a
quarrel over who should carry a Joad of
wood up a hill. Alvarado was treated at
the city Receiving Hospital, wher©-lt was,
found .that his injury was not'.- serious.
O'Brien was booked at the City- Prison" on
a charge of assault to commit murder, j
Opium. Fiends Battle.
At 6 a. m. yeslerfiay the animal keepers
at the old Chutes moved in rank and file
toward the cages of wild beasts to take
them tp their. new quarters, opposite the
Park Museum. The animals for -the most
part objected strenuously to being moved
from their old stamping ground. They
sniffed at the kennels that were rolled up
to the doors of their' cages and roared in
anger when jabbed with the pointed iron
poles their ' keepers thrust between the
oars to try to make them leave the cage
and walk . into i the kennel, spread with
tempting meat. ,
Old Wallace, the k'ri? lion of "the menag
erie, scorned the rows made by his neigh
bors. He alone walked majestically into
the crate, lay down in the close quarters
that further handicapped his freedom and
looked indifferently at his keepers
through the bars. ; .
When the lion' Nero eaw his mother
and father taken from the adjoin
ing cages he set up a roar that startled
the elephant at» the other end of the
menagerie. - ; • ¦ • • , '
The puma lions, the baby jaguar and
the striped .hyenas joined the srriKers, and
it was only: with the -utmost patience that
the open trolley cars were finally loaded.
The keepers have not tackled- the bears
yet. and-Xero, the Indignant, still paces
his cape and laments in a loud. tone.
The youngsters of ¦ ibe *vietelty.f had ¦&.
great time'.- especially when the llamas
and deer were led out. and Mr. Hall, tho
animal tamer, mounted on the' elephant,
led the procession to the new quarters.
Upon to Move.
Raise Strong Protest When Called
¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ * , ••.•,•-¦,' . ¦- ¦ '¦•¦ ,i
. Mrl Edgar Mathews L entertained, some
musical friends, or. • Saturday evening, at
the Bohemian. Club.. The dinner was
greatly enjoyed. - '.-¦''¦*¦
Miss Beatrice Wright of Sacramento is
visiting her-aunt, Mrs. George Crocker."
Dr: and Mrs. Beverly 'MacMoriagle are
at Monterey.". ( "' . ¦¦ • / . . . ;
, The marriage - of /Miss '. Marie Louise
Koppitz and Dr. Francis Edward Rayne3
v/as solemnized in' the chapel : of Trinity
Church 'last week.' The' Rev. F. W. Clam
pett officiated. The bride ig talented and
popular..;^She is well -known in musical
circles. : ¦- ;: . '¦' . *¦ ••¦
'±ii ¦±*-i.<* ; '¦^• J *-«* '-¦- -- • "-¦ ¦¦' ¦¦¦•;•-- ¦-- --.^
Mrs. ThereseSutro^wasf'at home" yes
terday afternoon,' and. a number of, friends
M-ere invited j to meet. Mr.; and • Mrs: S.- M.
Go!dberger-"of. Berlin, who are traveling
In the West. Thc : guests were most hos
pitably, entertained.:- v ..-¦-. •.-.:¦
-.-¦¦¦' ¦ v'' : -">- j: - : * ¦' ,*''¦¦'¦ ¦'-' ¦¦¦ . ' ¦ : - -
Mr. George Farrel gave a' cotillon last
evening at Cotillon Hall, on Polk street.
About fifty' couples were . present. A* ger
man was. danced at 9 o'clock,. followed by
other steps. It was ; a " very pleasant
affair. — :':¦¦-. ' '¦ '¦ "'.• •.
bridesmaids were Miss TaYlorj- Miss Bes
sie Taylor. Miss Nila Meyer and Miss
Viola Meyer. Dr. Mo'rtdn R. Gibbons was
best man. The ushers were: Thomas
. G. Taylor Jr., David Baird.^Herman L».
E. Meyer- Jr.- and- rWiHlam -Meyer. .
It was a white and green wedding. The
bride -was attired, in. white -chiffon ovor
white satin with a.court A train of white
satin and white transparent yoke. The
•white tulle veil was held in the hair by a
diamond. pin. the only, jewel worn.' She
carried a shower bouquet- of lilies of the
'valley tied with white -tulle. -. .-. • -.;
The ' maid of honor wore ; cream lace
over white-satin- with ¦ lace •• yoke. The
bridesmaids were attired . in white point
d'esprit over white satin,, with garniture
of white roses and green leaves. Their
gowns were cut jaceollete. and en train.
They carried .shower, bouquets^ of* white
bridal wreaths. A , supper .was , served
' after the ceremony and congratulations
over the couple . departed for Southern
California for a short wedding trip. Dr.
and Mrs. -Richardson will reside at Fort
Apache, Ariz., where i " the. groom is sta
tioned.
QUEBEC, March 17.— Colonel Gaynor
made It clear to-day that neither he nor
Captain Greene entertained a thought cf
returning to the United States. Colonet
Gaynor stated a week ago that he might
return to - Savannah voluntarily on ¦ the
17th and appear before Judge Speer. Both
men had a long conference with their
counsel to-day, after which Colonel Gay
nor intimated that they have no inten
tion of leaving Quebec until forced to
do so.
Two Americans who arrived at the
Chateau Frontenac recently are supposed
to be secret Bervice men from Washing
ton. They seldom leave the rotunda ©r
office of the hotel, and when one tempor
arily leaves the building his companion
remains on duty.
SAVANNAH, Ga.. March IT.— In the
United States District Court to-day the
Greene and Gaynor conspiracy ' cas»s
went over until the May term of court
because of tha absence in Quebec of B.
D. Greene and John-F. Gaynar. The two
Gaynors here were complimented by the
Judge on the faithfulness with which
they have appeared for trial, . and were
permitted to go on bonds as they now
stand. They left at "once for New York.
Have No Intsntion\of Return
ing to Stand Trial.
Colonel Gaynor and Captain . Greene
FUGITIVES FROM GEORGIA
WILL REMAIN IN QUEBEC
ANIMALS OBJECT TO LEAVING
PIONEER'S DAUQHTER WHO".bE T ,
LI VERED ADDRESS PAyORING- ,
PRESERVATION^ OF- MISSIONS; •
Two hundred yard team relay race, four
men in team — C.' MelrOse, M. Green. L.'Ham
ir.trsmlth. F. Krone, A. Pape. A. Taylor. C.
Jenkins. R. Otto. E. Murphy. D. Songwell.
Wallace . Taylor, P. Fay.' J. Scott L*ary, H.
F. Brtwer. E. -ConneKy. H. young, G. • Coal.
"Kid". Roose Berger, H. Du'ckett and J. Wa
ters. , .-¦ . : ' . . ; • ; . k : ¦ _. ;
Officials — Starter, George James: timer?,
John Elliott. F. Butz. K. Melrose; judges. -Wil
liam Greer Harrleon, Phil Wand, H. V. Rams
dell; announcer, G. Hensley. ¦
Aquatics at Olympic Club.
To-morrow night the Olympic Club will
hold its monthly swimming exhibition.
Following are the "entries for the different
events:
Fifty yards handicap— R. . B. Cornell, '. C.
Br&un, C. Barron, F. Clough, .H. . Munell. D.
Long well. G. F. Roger*. Joe Collins. E. J.
Owen. P. Sherry, H. C. Duckett, R. " Seln
fl»ld. E. Murphy. .Raymond . Otto, J. Waters,
P. Tay and E. J. Phillips.- " : j
Plunging — A. Taylor. A. Atkinson. Ed
Ru»«. C. Cloush. R. B. Cornell and P. Siebel.
Two' hundred and twenty yards open race —
J. Scott Leary will attempt to lower record.
Bprtngboard diving— II. Grey, Lester Ham
mersmith. . A. Pape., R. Beintield. L. . Ortlon,
F. Clough. A. Taylor and R. B. Cornell.
One mile open- race — Howard F. , Brewer will
try to lower record. . . ' *>
Obstacle race — A. Pape, Ed Connelly. F.
Clouth, A. Taylor, W. Young. R. . Otto, E.
Murphy and R. Belnfleld.
When one of the party inquired what
had impressed him most, the Prince re
plied that the great, orderly- and cheer-,
ful crowds had been his most continuous
Impression and would probably always be
one of his ' most vivid impressions. ? •
The Prince said he saw crowds out of
doore and indoon?, faces of men and
women, with here and there a powerful,
a beautiful spiritual face. He said his
regret, if he dared to say he had any.
was that he • could not Know some ot
those people better.
The reports that Prince Henry would
occupy a different position In Germany in
the future and live at Berlin, instead of
continuing his "active ' sea life, are un
founded. He will hoist his flag upon his
arrival at Kiel, and will resume the train-
Ing of his squadron. The Prince will take
a squadron to England next June for the
naval review on the occasion of the coro
nation of King Edward.
• Prince Henry says he was so tired when
he finally | boarded .'the at
New- York that he « slept', almost continu
ously! for forty-eight hours, except for the
time"when he appeared for his meals or
tb take-, short ".walks on the bridge. He
says- he. never worked so hard in/ his life
as when he-was in the -United States, that
he never. changed" his 1 ' uniform so many
times a day or faced a'successlon of situ
ations'requiring such alertness and a cer
tain initiative on his own part. There
were situations which' could, not be met
with merely formal .behavior, or the me
chanical 'execution ' of ; a , routine pro
gramme. '.While i conversing .'with mem
bers of his suite Prince 'Henry has alluded
to many • things in connection with • his
trip. He has mentioned- nothing more
frequently than that no single unpleasant
Incident occurred in the United States.
Ideas, scenes and impressions were crowd
ed upon him too rapidly lor proper appre
ciation at the- moment, perhaps", but as
Prince Henry, himself said, "We have ac
cumulated .material to think ' about for
months to come.'"' ' *
: The arrangements' made by Emperor
William for the reception of Prince Henry
when '; the.'- latter arrives : at Cuxhaven
were ¦communicated . to the Prince after
the. Deutschland .left Plymouth. Prince
Henry . expressed • himself as greatly
pleased therewith. He interprets the elab
orate plans .' of Emperor William as an
expression of his Majesty's complete sat
isfaction at the success of the Prince's
American trip. .-.-..v
.When Emperor William in a letter ad
dressed to Prince Henry- at Plymouth no
tified his brother of the reception arrange
ments at Cuxhaven his' Majesty invited
the Prince's entire party- to dine on board
the • battleship Kaiaer Wllhelm II next
Tuesday evening, / The next day Admiral
von Tirpltz and General ,von Plessen and
the other members of-' Prince Henry's
party who live in Berlin will leave for
their homes. ..--¦'• • . •
.March \ 17.— The Ham
"burg-American line . steamer Deut3chland.
having on board Admiral Prince Henry of
| Prussia and his suite, arrived here at 6:35
i p: ni. from Plymouth; England.
- ST. PETERSBURG. March 17.— A stu
dents' riot here to-day. In which over
lmi people engaged, kept a large force o£
police and cavalry busy throughout tha
day. Probably 100 arrests were made, but
the repressive measures were not so strict
as on the corresponding Sunday of LOL
While "many persons, were injured no
fatalities were reported.
The ¦ students placarded the city last
night announcing that tney intended 10
hoid a grievance meeting, and the au
thorities, taking the hint, made extensive
preparations. Tne whole police was called
out and the military was held ready for
mobilization, cavalry patrols supplement
ing the mounted police. Additional squad
rons of cavalry, ¦ light batteries of artil
lery and detachments of infantry were
packed in the side streets. The crowcu
increased Jn the main tnoroughfares until
noon, when the cavalry omcer In Com
mand of a squadron in front of the Hotel
d'Europe begged the crowd there to dis
perse and go home. The demonstrators
refused, and the mounted troops began
slowly clearing the streets.
At 12:30 p. m. the students attempted to
organize a procession In front of the hotel
mentioned, singing revolutionary songs
and shouting "free Russia," "down with
the autocracy." The police and cavalry
then charged, but used only their cossacic
whips and the flat of their sabers. Many
persons were hurt, but only a few were
seriously Injured. The fighting continued
during the remainder of the afternoon,
breaking out In fresh places continually.
One of the most severe fights of the day
was concluded only a few minutes before
the Czarina, In an. open sleigh, passed the
spot where It occurred. Carriages of the
nobility and members of the Imperial
household were several ¦ times mixed up
in the melees. The authorities made ef
forts to prevent bloodshed, and in this
they were remarkably successful, consid
ering the magnitude of the demonstra
tion.
The fact that General ' Miles' recom
mendation has been turned -down should
not carry with it, the authorities state,
any Idea of. ill-feeling, against the . com
manding general. ; \and, they.vregrpt that
he is inclined; to." 'view 'it- In" -any. such light.
By his .'antagonism of. the admlnistra
tioni General; Miles, has placed \ himself
alongside, the political opponents of the
-President, -and ."this-may-; serve -.to-, widen
the, breach between 1 the. army headquar
ters and the White House. General Miles
has determined to' fight the army staff
bill, which Secretary Root has prepared
and which he. Is. pushing. before Congress.'
This bill- contemplates: the abolition, of
the office of commanding general. because
of the 'friction . that, has always existed
between Its incumbent and the Secretary
of War. -.-¦", . •. •
On this indorsement, . Secretary Root
stated that it seemed unwise or inexpe
dient to him to inaugurate ' a policy so
entirely different from that in force, and
which was producing such satisfactory re
sults. To do so would be to discredit the
work of Governor. Taft and his associates
on the Philippine Commission and • of
General Chaffee, : who : now - has the mili
tary situation well in hand,- and would
only create the impression among Filipi
nos that the- United States was display
ing weakness and, vacillation to continue
the war. The President concurred in the
Secretary's views. . :¦.-¦
Would Not . Discredit Taft.
It is authoritatively stated that there
was no personal animosity on the part
of the; President and Secretary Root in
disapproving General Miles' recommenda
tion. Before •'. acting Secretary Root '. ais
cussed the plan with Governor Taft, and
also ! obtained the. views, of Major Gen
eral Chaffce, commanding the American
forces in the. Philippines. These officials
were opposed to adopting the scheme.
The final blow to 1 General Miles' friendly
relations with the executive, in\ the opin
ion of his friends,- occurred . when the
President officially ; concurred in r the - rec
ommendation of- Secretary.' Root that
General Miles' plan • for tne pacttlcatlon
of the Philippines ¦¦¦ be not < adopted.-, This
contemplated the selection' of half a dozen
Cubans and half, a 1 .. dozen Porto Rlcans,
who should accompany : General Ml iela to
the Philippines. These men would be
given an opportunity to, talk with the Fili
pinos regarding the beneficent results of
American rule in their islands. After a
short stay- in the -archipelago, General
Miles proposed to induce promi
nent. Flllplnps -to come; yto'V the United
States for the purpose of studying Ameri
can institutions. . This plan '.had > brought
successful results in treatlngtoith the In
dians, and General \ Miles was'vconfldent
that it would be "equally advantageous in
aiding the settlement , of the Filipino in
surrection. •. ¦¦•¦. • :.'•••
Severs Friendly '- Relations.
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 ', G STREET, N.
W:, WASHINGTON, March lT.^SinCerely
as : the friends ) of * the President /and of
Lieutenant General' Miles regret it, there
Is a gulf separating^. the executive and. the
commanding general of. the army as wide
as that which existed. during the -McKinr
ley . administration; - When ... > President
Roosevelt 1 : assumed office it was,'antici
pated, that GeneriUMiles^ would .receive
the recognition which' had "not 'been given
him by McKlnley. V The relations -of .the
two officials were cordial, and- as a result
of the* President's efforts .General^ Miles
received greater consideration from the
Secretary of War. . This happy" condition
continued until . the President .'directed
Secretary Root to administer., a sharp
reprimand to General Miles for the. lat
ter's indiscreet interview on, the Bchley
controversy. That-reprimand caused.Gen
eral ¦ Miles to ' Immediately . sever all rela
tions with Hoot, and he has not. lo this
date, placed his foot inside: of 'the Secre
tary's home or the' Secretary's omce. : :
Special Dispatch to The tall.'.-" ' ¦"¦
The trouble has been brewing for sev
eral days, but did not come to a climax
until yesterday shortly before noon. Then
it was decided that an 'amicable settle
ment could not be had and war was de
clared. The police: were Immediately in
formed and detectives and patrolmen were
on the qui vlve in order to prevent blood
shed. Highbinders were dispatched from
the headquarters of each tong. heavily
armed and spurred oh to murder by the
offer of large prices that had been placed
on the heads of members of the rival
tongs. Officer Tillman made the first ar
rest and when the Chinese found that the
police had been informed that the war
was on they became 'more cautious and
resorted to the stealthy methods pursued
in previous 1 troubles.
Chinatown is again in a tremor of ex
citement owing to a. war which has been
declared between- fwo of the most power
ful factions within its limits. The Wong
family and the Four Families have dis
agreed on the question of punishment
which should be inflicted upon some of
the members of the former tong.who ab- m
sconded with money that had been ad-*
vanced on condition that they go to the
Alaskan fisheries. A carnival ot carmine
hue is likely to be the result. Already
one of the Wong family highbinders Is
under arrest. He was taken in custody
yesterday by Officer Jack Tillman -while
patrolling the streets with a large re
volver in quest of an enemy.
She left her old home under the charge
of her trainers. Hall and Morgan, and
went peacefully, without giving the least
outward sign that «he meditated any
change in the straight-laced life that she
had always led. until she reached Wilkins
& Moore's saloon, at the corner of Ninth
avenue and Fulton street. Here, without
a moment's notice, she turned and made
direct for the swinging doors. The llamas
looked on with amazement, but Princess
did not hesitate, not even when the 90-foot
porch broke beneath her ponderous feet.
Right into the saloon she went and made
straight for the lunch counter.
Tne saloon at the time contained about
twenty men. Not appreciating this strange
addition to their number they made a
break for the woods, through windows
and the .back door. . McOabe. the barten
der, took refuge on top of the refrigerator,
while • E. "Wilkins and W. Morgan, the
proprietors, concealed themselves beneath"
the counter.
Without noticing: the commotion which
phe had caused Princess tackled the free
lunch, devouring -several bunches of green
lettuce. Ao this was all that the counter
contained that ehe' relished, she swept all
the dishes on to the floor with one sweep
of her trunk. After she had bent the
chandeliers until they looked as If they
had been struck with Carrie Nation's ax
she allowed herstlf to be enticed- out of
the saloon.. s ( . «' 'T'"
A scandal, a black, grievous scandal,
has been sprung In the very highest circle
of animal society at the Chutes. Princess,
the elephant, who has always been looked
upon as a very paragon of feminine vir
tue, so far forgot her elephantine dignity
yesterday as to enter a saloon. Woree
even than this, she was actually seen to
approach the lunch counter, like any
ordinary frequenter of such places, and.
partake of the fare there offered. This
surprising fall from grace occurred while
Princess was being convoyed to her home
In the new Chutes.
but Luckily No Lives
• Are Lost
Many Persons Are Injured,
.Expresses Himself as Highly
Pleased With His Trip
,^ . . to America
Army's Commanding Officer
Will Fight 'the General
• Staff Bill.
Police-Exert Precautions- and
Arrest - One High- -'
•H * "binder. ¦•-.'¦
Create^ -a .Commotion. While
Being Transferred, to
New Home.
¦ v - ¦ ¦ "- -
Police and Cavalry Make
a Combined Charge
on the Mob;
Plans Now Completed
for His Re ception at
Guxhaven. :
and Boot.
No Hope of Reconcira
; :tion With President
Powerful "Factions. Arm
and Prepare for ;] t^
Princess, the Pride of th*
i Ghutes, Eats Free
Lunch.-
STUDENTS DEFY
THE AUTHORITIES
MILES WIDENS
DISCORD'S GULF
CHINESE TONGS
AGAIN AT WAR
ELEPHANT PLAYS
CARRIE NATION
PRINCE HENRY
NEARING HOME
CALIFORNIA PIONEERS'
DAUGHTERS ENJOY TEA
Assemble in Their Glubrooms and . A v e >Urged to; Take
J ' jSteps to' Preserve: Ruins of Missions; Built by:F;rst Cali
fornia Padre, Junip^ro Serra, Who Rests in Old San Carlos
THE SAN FRAlSTCISep <^ .---jlOOgf
9
' GRAPE-NUTS.
' The liniment bottle and flannel strip 'are jffffe^^^^^
familiar objects in nearly every household. a^l^^^^Jv^^^^^.
I They are the weapons that have been used for n^^^^^V^^^^^
generations to fight. old Rheumatism, and- are -^iaaH^S^^^^
about as effective in the battle with this giant .J7
disease as the blunderbuss of our forefathers ' f '^uf^^^^arTr^^^
would be in modern warfare. ; J^^^T~\^n
•Rheumatism is caused by an acid, sour - ; / ' *jr
! condition- of the blood. » "It is filled with acrid, irritating 1 matter that settles
I in the muscles and . nerves, and ' liniments and oils nor nothing ¦
else applied externally can dislodge these gritty, corroding particles. They
were deposited there by the blood and can be reached only through the blood..
i Rubbing with liniments ; sometimes rel ieve temporarily the aches and
'.pains, but these: are. only, symptoms which are liable to return with every
• change of, the weather ;;;the: real'. disease.lies. deeper, the blood;and system,
jare infected. .Rheumatism cannot be radically and permanently cured
I until the blood .has been purified, and no remedy does this so thoroughly
• and promptly as S. S.' S. ,It neutralizes the acids and sends a" stream
':-^- m *+ t '¦¦^—<* V"""^ '" °^ " I ? c^»*.strong' -blood ,t6'" the affected parts, which
. r<^H vC^^ CC^ J dissolves and washes out all foreign materials, and the
I "i sun ". erer obtains happy relief from the torturing pains.,
; P>^/, • : ' §• ?•' S.'; contains no potash or other mineral, but
m^-.^* m^:/* mm T is .a perfect vegetable blood purifier and most
exhilarating tonic. Our physicians will advise, without charge, all who
write about. their case, and we will send free bur special book on Rheumatism
, and its treatment. . THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, 6a.
rffSWPffWWB^TOMW^HrTWff
ADVERTISEMENTS.
appearance, and the vigor and strength I
had regained paid me well for my food
experiment. .
"In addition to strength of'body I no-
ticed . a, remarkable , improvement In my
mental strength. It was a pleasure to me
to read and think, and great big worries
that would : have put me to bed in my
former condition . slipped^ off, as- easily
without oppressing me "at" all.'.' "Name
eriven by Postum Co., Battle Creek. .Mich/
"Shortly after I began to put on flesh,-
and went up from 115 pounds to 130# In
about el x weeks. When I returned home
all my friend's remarked on my Improved
"In a- few -days.; I began to. get strong
and lost the desire to lie down. I forgot
to tell you that I had been suffering also
from dyspepsia. This gradually left when
I had Grape-Nuts Food for breakfast and
supper.
"There TgaA'e our again, and had neu-
ralgia badly in addition to my other ner-
vous troubles. While in this condition I
was urged to Change my food and' try
Grape-Nuts.- I. had tried -Grape-Nuts at
home, bnt'did not like them because ; I
- did not use them right, ' having put hot
water on them, but under the advice of a
friend I started in on Grape-Nuts and
cream or very; rich milk. That was a dif-
ferent etory and I enjoyed the food great-
ly. . -. - - . :.•:.;
The tales told of how food will make
, people well are nearly always interesting.
A young lady in Cleveland, O. t says: "I
had an attack of '• nervous prostration and
finally bad to give up and go to bed. Did
not know • what was the matter with me.
My- physician told me that I should take
a trip, and a favorite auntie, who was at
that time 'a visitor at my home, urged me
to return with her. The doctor said I
might get out. of bed in a few days, and
eo, although . I . was still very weak. I
made the journey, which was a ehort one,
to Cleveland.
FOOD CURE.
The True Way to diet Well.TO. SAIL.
A jury was secured in Judge Cabanlss"
court yesterday afternoon to try the case
of Herman Kahn, secretary of the San
Francisco Lodge of Elks, charged with
violating the game laws by having a dead/
elk in his possession on February 22 last.
As the hour was late it was agreed to
hear the evidence next Monday afternoon.
Avenging Big Elk's Death.
"Fatsy" Carroll Acquitted.
The case against William ("Patsy") Car-
roll on a charge of grand larceny, on
which he was Indicted by the Grand Jury,
was* tried in Judge Graham's court yes
terday. There was not a particle of evi
dence to prove that he was guilty, and
the jury gave a verdict of acquittal with
out leaving Its seat. Carroll was accused
by A. Merroll of steering him up against
a brace poker game at the Palace Hotel,
and robbing him of $1300. It was a case
of the biter being bitten, for it was
proved by Merroll's testimony that he
went to the rooms for. the purpose of re
lieving a member of a mythical turt as
sociation of his wealth.
The representatives of the Baltimore
syndicate. J. M. Duane of Brown Broa.
and Attorney Atterbury of New York,
were busy yesterday making arrange
ments for closing the Market-stre«t Rail
way deal. The chief Item of Interest
was the payment by the local stock
holders in the new venture of the
sum of $1,500,000, which makes their final
deposit. Local men subscribed to th»
stock of the United Railroads of San
Francisco in the sum of J3.00O.00O. Half of
this they paid some time ago; the balance
they paid yesterday to the Union Trust
Company of this city.
To-morrow the final deal will tak*
place. The stockholders of the Market
street Railway . Company will meet and
ratify the action of the directors. The
Baltimore sndlcate will at this meeting
pay over In full the entire purchase price
In certified checks. .
Big Deal.
Local Capita] Deposits
Balance Due on the
THREE MILLIONS
NOW PAID IN
FROM SEATTLE.
TUESDAY,' MARCH ilS.
, SAN BERNARDINO. March 17.— An or
der closing:' all .the: Rambling houses in
this city, will be issued to-morrow by Dis
trict Attorney, CurUs. • : ¦ Z
Gambling .Houses : Must Close.
Time Ball.
Branclu Hydrographies Office. U. S.;N., Mer
- chants'". Exchange,-' Can Francisco, ! Cal.'."
•,- March -17. 1002. T :,. ''.-..- -• - t -. . , .
The Time. Ball; on! the. tower- of ..the Ferry
building ; was _ dropped- exactly- at noon to-day,-
VALPARAISO. -Chile. March 17.— A
large \ section of the ¦ Government naval
arsenal in' this < city fwas' destroyed last
night. by fire. - The loss will exceed a mil
lion dollars.
NavaLArscnal Is Burned.
NOTE— In, the. above -exposition 'of the tide*
the" early mornlnc tides are given in the left
hand column 'and: the . successive tides of tho
day In the order of occurrence as to time; > the
fourth' time, column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides.' as
icmetlme*^occurs.'.'- The i height* 'Riven • are .-in
addition to the soundings of. the United States
Coast Survey charts, except- when, a minus t >
sign precedes the height.: and then the number
gl ven . is ¦ subtracted from the depth g i ven by
the charts. .- The plane of reference la the mean
of the: lower low water*.. ¦-'•.• , ' • . ,- . ¦-•-•¦•.
YOKOHAMA, March 17.— The United
States Consul, Alfred Buck, has advised
the -"Americans. 'to 'pay the house tax un
der: protest. Tho Government has offi
cially announced -that it will submit the
question to arbitration, but that in the
-meantime it is determined to collect the
tax. ... •'¦ . . '* --. ¦ '¦-!-.:
A dispatch from - Shanghai March 7 an
nounced, that the T foreign ' residents of
Kpbe, Japan, at a' mass-meeting then re
cently, held, had decided to refuse to pay
the new- taxation ot; property.- claimimr
that it was a violation of the treaty, un
til the question. was definitely settled be
1 tween.thenowers and .'Japan.
Arbitration:
' the Question of legality to •
CONSUL BUCK ADVISES
. PAYMENT OF THE TAX
Japanese Government Will Submic
¦?¦ faANPEDRO— Arrived'March 17— Schr G W
fromV Port- Blakeley ;.C stmr "Bonita,"
lience^March , 15:';atmr 'Samoa. '• from Caspar;
stinr Chehalls,"frony Grays Harbor..- - •,,
r Sailed iMarcU. 17— schr . Lottie/ Carson. •? for
Eureka ; stinr.; Newburgr.^ for i San Francisco. ;
,'¦ . SEATTLE— Salted V March /I*— Stmr • Santa
Ana,', for, San i Francisco; '.atmr Cottaeev City,
for ' Sitko. -. .,-; r: •,- ,..-.<. •¦ •.:- ;.-,:.., ;
¦ Arrived March shlr> ..Belford,'-'. from
\ cnco'4ver.". •¦'. . .. .- -- ¦ . '
XArrlved • March 17-fStmr; Edith." hence March
; / m ;» '•:< '¦-. "¦> ¦ . ,. /- : .: - ;. - ' •
¦ ¦"-¦¦'¦ *•••¦•¦
DOMESTIC ¦: PORTS.
..Uk S •>, Weather- Bureau .; reports .: ajbarkentine
passinei Point viKeyes ! ati 12:50. pm,- bound
aOUth.': ¦' ' .'¦'¦' ¦¦'¦'¦¦ .,.:•¦ ¦••,. :. .- •
.POINT. LOBOS, f March^17; 10 pm— Weather
foggy; wind N\V, velocity 28 miles per hour. ?
sMQBQp^^SSeC spoken: ;-.»)gp?5s^[fi^"M
•Per schr G W Watson, at San Pedro— March
S, -lat 4(J 30 - N. Ion 127. W, : schr Ottlllie' Fjord,
from "Ballard, for Hilo. ¦ . -.. ¦ ;•.-¦•-.'-
TELEGRAPHIC.
Bktn Qulck3tep,'Mellin, 0 days from Tacoma.
'. -Sclir James Rolph,' Ed wardsen, 24 days. from
Katulul. > . • . ¦. . r , I .
V. .;...; CLEARED. . ' '. ' )
."'¦•.'•¦' -..Monday, : March 17.
Stmr Gueen. HaUV for. .Victoria" and Port
Townsend; Goodall, Perkins &¦ Co. 1 .; ,
; Htmr. Lakme, Nelson, for. Portland ;' the -Cha3
Ne'son Co. ' - \ ¦ . •' . , r ' '
¦.>>Vhal itmr Belvedere,' Devoll, ' for -.whaling
cruise; Wm -Lewis. ".. ¦ ¦ • . •> '- •:
• Ship BenJ F Packard,. Allen,' for New York,
John-Rosenfeld's Sons. -..-> •¦ -,'i '¦¦ -^--i ¦:'.'?•' .-i
- ' '... . ' SAILED.'- .. ¦ ; ... ...
¦ . . , -'Monday, - March , 17. ' .'
Stmr Queen, Hall. 'for. Victoria, etc. > V
¦ Stinr Coronado,: Johnson; for ' Grays ¦ Harbor.
7 Stmr Homer,' Donaldson. •. for Kureka.*--<~ ;
Stmr G C Llndauer, Allen for Grays Harbor.
Stmr Alcatraz. Carlson, for — — .-. ;<¦ ¦-¦¦-.¦
•U:S- stmr Hugh ;McCulloch, -Failing, for
Santa : Barbara, i • ¦ • ¦ ¦• ¦ .
-.; Schr; Glen. 'Nelson,, for '¦—^—. ¦ '•' ¦ - '¦¦ ":'
Stmr. Cella, Adler, ? 18* hours from Albion.
' Stmr Georse W Elder, Randall, ;,&!:, hours
from Portland, via Astoria' 44 hours. '¦¦¦¦,.
' Stmr Newsboy, Joharis*n, 20 hours from Eu
rtka:" ..." : : ..." - ¦"¦ .- ¦;¦ ;. - - : \ ¦"¦ . . .¦! : ¦ .
i-i'j- Monday, March, 17. .
: Stmr, Mandalay,. Katchelder, 54 .hours from
Bundon, via Crescent City 32 hour*.:
1 Stmr Georste Loomts, Brldsrett, 30 hours from
Ventura; .¦¦.:':: ¦•.¦:¦• ¦:¦ ,...:.- :-¦¦¦- .
.Stmr Asuncion, Evans, 5 days and 13 hours
from . Tacoma. -. > ¦ • ... • -
. Stinr Gualala, Weber, 11 ' hours from Point
Arena.'.. '-¦ ... '- •,•••¦¦-¦<¦¦_ /-¦... .-..¦: ; . . - • -
ARRIVED.
Shipping. Intelligence.
SEATTLE. March 17.-Clara and Annie
Jonnspn,.two young ladies living on "West
ern avenue. *ere held up last night by a
footpad. They were just leaving their
home for downtown. It was only 7
o'clock in the evening and not quite dark
When scarcely s more than a half block
away from home they were' confronted by
the masked robber, who had been. in hid
ing behind a: tree. Presenting a re
volver.'the man said:
"Come, girls, throw up your Tiands and
fork over your money."
The young ladles, frightened almost into
hysterics, turned to run. when the brute
struck one of them a heavy blow that
felled her to the ground. The other young
woman screamed and the culprit fled
without having -obtained their purses.
Brutal Robber Frightened A-wray
After Viciously Attacking Two
Girls.
FOOTPAD KNOCKS DOWN
SEATTLE YOUNG LADY
Both in Quarantine.
The bark* Ed ward 'May. which arrived Sun
day night ' from.' Kahulul. . and the schooner
James Rolph. --which arrived yesterday from
the same ..port, were both ordered Into quaran
tine yesterday, where they will remain until
fumigated. The . breaking out of plague at
the -Hawaiian port is given. as the reason for
the Cetentioti. ' '. ,
Captain Evans of the steam collier Asuncion
reports that at. 8. o'clock -on Sunday evening,
between,. Point Arena and Point Reyes, he
Showed No Green Light.
Matthew Turner . is building for himself a
four-masted schooner, at - Benlcia which is to
bear his own name. - Turner has bunt ' many
vessels and on occasion's has-been hard pressed
for suitable names for the product of his yard.
He" declared some years ago that he wanted
to turn out .a- vessel bearing his name, but
would not so christen a craft unless he could
personally : select /every stick of timber ¦ that
went into her and supervise the construction
from the laying of the keel to the stepping of
the masts. He has been able at last to fulfill
these .conditions. " The M. Turner is now in the
frame and. when she Is finished- will be the
test four-masted ischoon-r Matthew Turner
knows how to build. - , , ' ..
Will Bear Builder's Name.
Plaintiff 'alleges that it delivered cer
tain building material to R. P. Hurlbut to
the value of 54715 45, anfl that there Is an
unpaid balance of $1547 63. The Stone
Company also delivered to Silas Palmer
material, to the value of $9821 30, and it
wants judgment for both these amounts,
with $1000 attorney fees. Mrs. Stanford
Is made a defendant because of the con
tracts signed by her and Palmer and
SAN JOSE. March 17.-A mechanics-
Hen on the new Natural Science building
at Stanford University was filed in the
clerk's office here to-day. The suit is
that of the E. B. & A. L. Stone Company
of Oakland 'against R. P. Hurlbut, Silas
Palmer, Jane L. Stanford and other de
fendants. •'¦ " • ¦ --" '• -
Oakland Stone Company Alleges That
. ; , Money Is Due on'Ma
.. • - . terlals.
FILES MECHANICS' LIEN"
ON A STANFOBD BUILDING
OCEAN STEAMERS.'
y-i LIVERPOOL-^-Arrlved March' 17— Stmr Urn-'
bria; ;' from ,'Kew- York;^" stmr New England,
Irom Bcston.'; ; ,--:- r : : ~ \> .' :-..;>-. . ,
, ; GLASGOW— Arrlver March . 1C— Stmr Sar
dlnia. from Portland. ¦¦.*.•'*• 3^fj/i"artffc*KHI
.*' Sailed -i March i 15 — Stmr ' Corean. ¦-* form , Port
land;' stmr '"Livonian, for Philadelphia;' stmr
Mongolia; ;for.;New '.York. ' • ¦ .
. GIBRALTAR— Arrived - March . 17— Stmr
.Trave." from New : York. < for Naples and : Genoa.
j CHERBOURG.- Sailed March 17 — Stmr
Deutschland, 'from: New-York;, 1 via Plymouth,
for Hamburr. ,r '•'¦ • ¦ ">' • . .'¦:¦>¦• * - - . ¦ > -
•HAMBURG— Sailed 'March- 17— Stmr -Patri
cia, for New. York. ; / " . • ;
- •' ¦ ' ' ¦ •'¦..'
¦HOLYHEAD — Passed March 17 Br ship
Dunfermllne, hence -October -26. -for -Liverpool
i CARDIFF— ailed • March : 1!"—Fr bark Monte
bello, : t for r Honolulu."; "i-"-' ; ' ;i ;
•¦• NANAIMO— Arrived March : lC^-Stmr San
Mateo. -from Port Los Angeles.' . v
- •* Arrived March ' 17— Nor < Stmc Tltania, hence
March 13. . : .
--¦ Sailed ; March 17 — Stmr 'San Mateo, -for San
Francisco.* "r ¦ -. .-..- . •
) SYDNEY — •Arrived } March . 14— Brier Geneva,
from. Eureka '.(46 days, record trip). - -
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 16— Schr R
CISlade, for-. San Francisco: schr Peerless, for
San Francisco; schr A J West, for Santa Ro
salia. • • . ¦¦..,:¦
COOS BAY— Sailed March 16 — Schr Repeat,
for Sp.n | Francisco. '
' Arrived Mnrch 1C— Stmr Alliance, from As
toila: stmr Signal, hence March 12.
i.t CASPAR— Arrived March 17— Stmr Luella.
hence March 10. '
PORT GAMBI-E— Arrived March 17— Schr
Robert Searles. from Port Blakeley. • '
NEAH BAT — Parsed out- March 17— Schr
Excelsior, from Port Blakeley, for. San Fran-
ASTORIA— Sailed. March 10— Ft bark Chas
Gounod. for.Queenstown., ¦ . ,, ...
PORTLAND. Or— Arrived March '' 17— Bktn
'Alta,; from: Honolulu; bark Marlon LIghtbody,
f rom • Plsazua: stmr Quito, from - Yokohama;
bark Vendee, / from Newcastle, Ens. ..:
Sailed -March , -17 — Bark Versailles, "-.for'
Queenstown. . : . . • - .
. EASTERN PORT. . >
NEW YORK— Sailed March 17— Ship Wm F
.Babcock, for Baltimore, to load for San Fran
cisco. • . '¦'-:' i 'i'. J*~ '
FOREIGN PORTS. ' •
-. HAVRE — Arrived '. March ¦"' 15-^-Br ship Au
stralian. ¦¦ hence > October 10. •'
- L.E1TH—^-Arrived : March ,13^Kr- baric La
Bruyere.- hence November 11. " ¦' ¦' -
"•'-HAMBURG— Sailed March 15— Ger bark \.n
tuco, for Santa Rosalia. - . *. .
HONGKONG— Sailed . March 15-1-Br stmr
Strathgyle,' for Tortland, Or; stmr Victoria, for
Tacoma.".: * '¦ '',' ¦-¦ ' <•«; -• --' • • : - -•••••-;• •
Arrived- March 16— Br stmr' Doric, hence
February 15: ;• - * 17:. • ... ¦ .. : : .¦¦'¦¦
.MANILA — Sailed February 6— Br shlo J D
Everett, ¦ for ' Royal , Roads.' ' . ¦ ¦- ,¦ ¦
>. YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 15-^Jap stm-
Nlppon 'Maru," hence February, 25.- , • ¦ I -.«^*
, MALTA— Passed : March \ 17— Br «tmr MeJ
• bourne, from:. >Tew York, -for Manila. "' ¦ :
¦ ADEN— Arrived 'March 10 — Br^stmr Baron
Glam's. from Manila, : 'for .•¦..-
Sailed March "lG^Schr Eva, for San Fran
cisco; sclir Veua. -for San Pedro: ; schr J B
Leeds, echr J.G Wall and strcr Newsboy, for
San Francisco;; brisr Conauelo, for Honolulu.
PORT TO WXSE>TD— Arrived March 17— Br
bark Kelverdalev from Victoria. ,*
Sailed March 17— N'or stmr Horda. for San
Francisco; «c>.r Phillnoine, for San Dlesro; schr
Ruth E Godfrey* for San Pedro. • .
KUREKA — Arrived March 10 — Stmr Arctic
hence March'14. . , >... -..".
13: stmr, Robert Dollar. hence'March 12: stmr
Farallon.rfrom Skagwav. . .
¦ TACOMA — Arrived March 17— Stmr City of
Puebla,' hence Mf»rch ¦ 12; stmr. Aztec, hence
Mftich U.
\. NEW YORK, March 17.-The British
barkentlne Persia, from Buenos. Ayres
for New. York, with a cargo -of Chides,
went ashore last night near Point Look
out, • L. : I. . Her crew, of ten men were
taken off In the- breeches 'buoy by the
Long Beach life-saving crew.- The Per
sia registers 568 tons net, and hails from
Hantsport, N. S. ' *
Rescued From Stranded Vessel.
passe^ a passenger, steamer bound north that
>had'no, green light- showfrig.'. It was too dark
to make out • the vessel name.' | The vessels
passed as the bridge officers ' were changing
watche^. Captain and first and second mates
were on the bridge together. - Each ¦ tried in
vain,- with his own glass, to find the green light
and all agree that It was not burninz. . The
only, passenger vessel leaving, here that could
have been in that position when sighted by. the
Asuncion and that answers Captain Evans'
description is the Acme.
Renewing the Glory. -
The eld "ship Glory, of the;: Seas' is .the
hands of ship carpenters 'and riggers and at
Green street -wharf | is receiving : an overhaul
ing which is -expected to renew. her youth. She
Is going to have ;a brand > new rudder -and' a
new malntopmast and all the . scraping > and
calking 'that her service, as a hardworking
ship deserves. She Is one of the best-known
ships in the port and of a type rapidly dying
cut. -- ¦ -.
Breaks Trans-Pacific . Record.
Word 'has just been received of the arrival
at • Sydney from Eureka of the : brlsr Gensva.
She has broken all records for sailing: craft,
having made. the trip in forty-six days.
I Rsinsurance CJhanges.
Reinsurance on" the British shlp s Red Rock
was reduced yesterday from 25 per cent -to '20
per' cent. - Rates ' on. the Yosemite and. -the
Oliver de-Olsson were raised ' to . 25 pfcr cent
and '45 per cent 'respectively.
Water Front Notes..'
Bids will . be- received to-day, for rcrlalrs- to
the Austrian ship Dieveron. -which .put -Into
port, a few 'days ago minus her mizzen mast.'' •
• The .-American-Hawaiian steamship .- Ore
gonian will, sail for Honolulu at nson to-mor
row. ¦. -v ¦¦¦....- . • .... . .
The steamship. Geo. W. Elder arrived yester
day from Astoria. She was beyond her sched
ule time, having ' been bar-bound at Astoria
for forty-elsht hours. .., ¦':.;.
NEWS OP THE \ OCEAN.
Matters of. Intarest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants, v f
The French bark AmlralTroude, which was
reported' prior to" arrival as under charter from
New Caledonia to Europe, will sail in ballaat
to port- of 'loading and take a cargo of -ore
thence to France.- . . . -: . '• -.¦•-''
I The German ship Carl Ioad3 lumber 'at Port
land for Shanghai, Kiaochau or Port Arthur
(lump sum). -
., Merchandise for British! Columbia.
, The steamer Queen sailed yesterday" f or < Vic
toria' with an • assorted merchandise cargo des
tined for the principal; British Columbian ports,
valued at . $7304. '. . The cdrgo I included the fol
lowing merchandise and produce: I ' .v. .
lo.fiaO lbs dried r fruit, 14,813 lbs blucstone
27.405 lbs trait, 813 lbs butter, 36,780 lbs salt'
430 lbs hops, 720 lbs raisins, 300 lbs meal 450
lbs grease, 121 pkgs fresh fruit,: 135 pkgsi fresh
vegetables,. 22.es and CCS gals.wine, 5 bales to
bacco, 300 tins- matches,. 15.'cyIs>gas,j40 bales
twine, 3 pkgs electrical supplies, 000 lbs. zinc
2 pkgs leather, 3 pkgs paste, l.pkg machinery,
6 :. cs canned < goods, D tons ¦ plglron, - 30 ¦ pkgs
paints End oils. ... •¦"..: .>...,<
Sun, Moon and iTides.
United '.-States : Coast., and Geodetic Surrey-
Times and- Heights • of High and; Low
1\'aters ' at • Kort • Point, ' entrance > to '• San
¦ .--Francisco Bay... Published • by olflclal ' au
thority of -the .Superintendent. : v rv*"V,K*
NOTE— The high .and .low 'Waters occur at
the -city - front. iMlsslon-street wharf) about
twenty-five : minutes 'later than , at Fort "Point :
Ihe height -of tide lgthe ¦ same | at • both places.
STEAMER THAT ARRIVED
1 FROM TACOMA AFTER A
TEMPESTUOUS VOYAGE.
McDonald, Scouting and Muller .were in
a stable opposite the Atlantic Hotel. They
were fighting when Roy McKenzie, pro
prietor, of the' hotel, came In and. asked
the first named two to leave. Muller with
him. McKenzie led Muller away and toon
'him Into the hotel dining-room. Evidently
McDonald and Scouting wanted to resume
the fight, for they came to the dinins
room door and dared Muller to come out.
Just then Simpson came along and asked
them to leave. They told him to mind
his own business, and Simpson, ordered
them out. Scouting turned upon Simp
son, and a moment later ¦ tho men- had
fallen in a , scuffle. McDonald drew' a re
volver and shot Simpson, one bullet
piercing his . stomach . and • emerging
through his back. McDonald was arrest
ed at once, but Scouting escaped on a
horse. • . ¦ : ¦ • . . • . •- 1 ¦ . .
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 17.— One
cowboy is under arrest and another is
making a desperate horseback run across
the prairie to escape, punishment for .the
murder of Arthur Simpson, a merchant of
Calgary. Joseph McDonald, and George
Scouting were; drinking and 'got Into an
altercation with a third 'person • named
Mulleiv.'lt was in defense of Muller that
Simpson was fatally wounded. .' ' •
Makes His Escape on a
Horse. . .
One Is Under Arrest but the Other
TWO COWBOYS MURDER
MERCHANT- OF CAXGARY
Campbell was released under $1300 bonds.
He has retained two legal firms to defend
him. • -. . , , • , . -
Now » comes i Baxter . with a complaint
charging Campbell, who Is 45 years of
age, with perjury. The complaint alleges
that oh the 1st of February he went be
fore . County Clerk Blodgett and unlaw
fully, feloniously; willfully and corruptly
swore that the girl's age was 18 and that
there were no legal objections why the
wedding should not be held. Baxter
claims his daughter is under 18 and that
there were • objections to the marriage
He proposes to make his son-in-%iw suf
fer. ¦¦. ¦'¦:¦ .¦¦'.-¦-¦-•¦ ... ... .-.'
REDDING. March 17.— Lewis Campbell,
a well-known citizen of Red Bluff, knows
that the course jpf true love runs oft
askew. After preparing a home for a
bride he had to. marry her twice before
inducing her to live in it, and then she
forsook him. As if that were not trouble
enough, Campbell's father-in-law, John
Baxter, had him arrested here to-day on
a charge of perjury. .
Six weeks ago Campbell arrived from
Red Bluff, procured a license in this
county to marry Ella Mary Baxter and
•then went back to have the knot tied.
The couple were married In ed Bluff, but
upon producing the license learned that
it was void outside of Shasta County.
Lewis procured another license from the
Tehama County Clerk and the couple
were' again married. - -' .« - r—r : J . .-i-
After a few days -Mrs. Campbell went
back to her. parents' home and sent Lewis
word that she would not return to him.
Her. father : warned Campbell away, and
Sheriff Bogard failed when sent to tho
wife as a peacemaker.
Special Dispatch to TheCall.
Weds Same Girl Twice
and Is Arre3ted for
T 'HE steam collier Asuncion, which
arrived yesterday after a tumult
uous voyage from Tacoma, has
added one . more chapter 'to the
hi3tory of submarine navigation.
For four days of the five days and
eighteen hours of '. her i voyage the Asun
cion was.', under water. How she escaped j
foundering Is a marvel to shipping folk, i
but Captain Evans declares that he could
have carried 500 tons of coal more than he
brought down.
The Asuncion left Tacorr.a March. 11
and rounded Cape Flattery In "a howling
southwester. Heavy seas swept over the
deeply laden coal carrier, and at 3 a. m. I
of the following day she gave up the
struggle, turned tail and ran back for the
shelter of the straits. Storm signals were
flying at Neah Bay. Captain Kvans de
cided to. anchor in .Clallam Bay until the
weather cleared upl. Clallam Bay,', how
ever, was already crowded with sailing
craft, so the'Asuncion continued the re
treat until she reached Port- Angeles,
where she remained at anchor until the
storm signals were hauled down! .~\ • .¦¦"¦
She resumed her voyage. After round
ing Cape Flattery the wind and sea. again
got angry. Their violence increased until
a heavy, gale was blowing, accompanied
by a tremendous beam sea. It was then
that the Asuncion went under. •-'„ The
smokestack remained out of water and
the officers on the bridge, although' «e
pcatedly drenched by big seas, managed
to get along without an artificial air sup
ply. fThe rest of the vessel disappeared,
however, and it was only by the thump
of the machinery that the men on the
bridge knew she was still attached to the
upper works. She was hove to on March
14 for four hours, during which time sucli
of her as was not submerged was peltad
with hall and snow. The latter part- of
the trip was made in fairly good weather.
The Asuncion is an unlucky, ship so far
as weather is concerned, but lucky In sur
viving conditions that would destroy most
vessels of her class. Vessels leaving
northern parts before and after her made
good weather. The Mackinaw, which left
Tacoma only a few hours before the
Asuncion, came down in ninety-two
hours.. The- Asuncion's voyage occupied
138 hours.
1. c, at nocn of tho 120th > meridian, or at S
p.m.. Greenwich mean time. •
• . •¦' • ,W. H. STANDL.ET.
Lieutenant U.' S.;N., In charge..
'¦' to arrive.
Steamer Movements *.
RED BLUFF MAN'S
UNLUCKY WOOING
George H. Stone, a farmer, residing in
Corning. Tehama County, filed a petition
in insolvency yesterday lr. the United
State-: District Court. His liabilities are
$33,311. and were contracted In 18S0 and
1FS1. There are no assets except farming
lanes, valued at H3.S60 and clamed as a
homestead. The principal creditors ara
Herbert Kraft Company Bank and th»
Bank of Dixon.
Antonio Zicovich, a fruit and wine mer
chant of San Jose, also filed a petition. in
insolvency. He owes S46.S32 and has no
assets. Among the principal creditors are
John C. Lynch as Collector of Interhal
Revenue in the sum of $265 58, "revenue
tax due on brandy of the vintage of iy>6 ';
Vlato Zicovich of Evergreen. $5866: Santa
Clara Valley Mill and Lumber Company,
J2216: Julia Wa'sh. Santa Clara. $1083: L.
P. Coopers and J. Magestretti of San
Jose. $3771 en promissory rotes. Other
creditors are laborers and poor grape
growers in sums varying from $14 to $300
each.
Brandy Tax.
Amcng Creditors of One Is the Inter
nal Revenue Collector for
FARMER AND A WINE
. . :} ; DEALER ARE BANKRUPTS
When light finally came the exhausted
crew saw that the schooner.' had 'been
beaten, to pieces > during -the morning
hours, and the debris ; was washing
ashore on the beach. A hunt through the
wreckage failed to bring to light any
thing in the way of canned goods for
food. With a last look . at the lost
schooner, the men plied into • the dory
again; after digging a few, clams, and
set out, pulling down the shore of tha
island. 1 hey uid not know how far thev
were from civilization, and took the only
chance, of reaching help. Twenty-four
hours after leaving the scene of the wreck
the steamship Queen City was seen
"steaming along between Ahousett and
Ciayoquot. The boatload of men werw
seen from the vessel and she bore down
upon them. The captain of the steam
ship took them and . their dory aboard
and 'gave them every care possible. The
wet; and bedraggled clothing was ex
changed for dry garments and the terri
ble craving for food was satisfied '¦¦ with
an abundant luncheon. " Afterward they
were transferred to the Rosalie. ,
the> southwest.* . ' •
. At . 3 o'clock .in the morning there was
a. terrible crash as the Wonoma struck
on the | rocks. "A moment previously ¦ she
had driven " into the combing breakers,
and the : 300-pound anchoro had been
thrown over the! side in an 'endeavor" too
escape -the*- rocks. The gale sent her
ahead ' despite the anchor. 'A . dory ¦ was
hurriedly launched and. all live men
scrambled Into the craft ', without eveu
waiting to get provisions. They, suc
ceeded, in reaching the shore, drenched
from ' head to foot and half drowned by
the flying spray. Until daylight ap
peared they, crouched under the lee iol
projecting rocks, seeking protection from
the rain 'and wind. ' . . . •
These' men. had a remarkably narrow
escape from death. The Wonoma now
lies von the rocky shore of the island,
broken : into kindling wbod.\ " The j ..vessel
was '.first "caught . in . a Sheavy southerly
gale. oft" Cape Scott and had. a hard tussle
through, the storm. ', Afterward her crew
succeeded in working "northward again
until -March'*- 11,*.. when 'she was caught -in
the ' teeth of * another storm • coming from
SEATTLE, - March 17.— The ; steamship
Rosalie brought as passengers the V ship^
wrecked '• crew; of 'the : Seattle {schooner
Wonoma, which went, ashore on Ahou
sett, onfc ofUhe outer islands, on March
VI. ,The following '¦...¦were in '•;¦ t"he party:
Captain P.; Olsen, Mate I. iverson and
A. Husby, P. Thompson and H. Monsur,
members of the crew. -.•'• • ' ' • . ? •;!•¦'.'
¦-¦;.;. : ; Special Dispatch to The Call. .
The letter he received yesterday told
cf the cpening and acceptance of. a stretch
of road several miles. long, reaching from
Manvel en the Santa Fe railroad lines to
the great dry lake, through which the
California and Nevada State lines run.
Manvel is about at the summit of the
Vanderbilt mountains, which have been
a formidable obstacle to the tourists who
have made their, way in past years into
Death Valley. At the great dry lake the
mountains have been crossed and there
is a somewhat easy passage into the val
ley for pack trains and wagons. The
new line is the California Eastern. In
adddition - to furnishing an entrance to
Death Valley this road also is supplying
means to reach the Toriopah mines, and
also the Searchlight mining district in
Southern Nevada. . The. line does not en
ter. Death Valley, . but "reaches a point
from which it is comparatively an easy
journey to the desolate district over which
loom the Panamint Mountains.
The fcuthern gateway of the dreaded
Death Valley, home of the rattlesnake
and the Glla monster and the sepulcher
of scores of advent utqus and ill-fated
miners, has been broken open. Such is
the news received yesterday in a letter
by Professor Bailey of the State Mining
Bureau. Not Jong ago Professor Bailey
went through Death Valley, studying the
entire region, and especially investigat
ing the vast saline deposits that are esti
mated to contain material ¦worth count
lers millions of dollars when once it is
laid down in commercial pcints all over
the world. His great Interest in the val
ley has led him to keep In touch with
people in that vicinity.
Seamen Undergo Hardships
; After Reaching : Shore
Vanderbilt Mcuntains Bar
Way tp Ventures :m 3
No "Longer.
AEousett,.
Seattle. Schooner Goes to
Pieces on Reefs of
Collier Narrowly Escapes Shipwreck in Terrific Storm After Round-
ing Gape Flattery,, the Wind;/ Being Accompanied
and Snow, and the Sea Completely Submerging the; Steamship
WONAMA'S CREW
BAFFLES DEATH
DEATH VALLEY
PORTALS OPEN
Railroa i Line Gets Into
Great Dry Lake's
Confines. ,
10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAKL, TUESDAY; MAEGH 18, 1902.
Sun 'rises, ; . .....:;;....; .."¦.".. . .*.". .'.'.¦.*. : . .^0:17
Sun sets . . .;.;'.. ..::...;'.¦.;. .'. ..:... ;!!!!!«• 19
Moon isets ' . ~. .'. . ;v . : . . . . ; . . ;. . .... ; ; . -.2 :26 a. Tin.-
C. I Time I • r Time I V Tline| ; .' ;: \ Timel ' ' -
p. I- — ii.pt:'. 1 Ft. -I Ft:* —I Ft.
»;: |L W|.- ; : , H.W|:,. , : L-W|r, ¦- H,W| >; .
18 O:lfi , 3.0 0:16 --4.0 1:17 L 0:2 8:2X 4 .1
It» .1:25 .2.9 ,7:31 -.* 5.0 -2:12 -0.2 0:12 V 4 s
20; 2:25 ,2.5 5.2 -3:0:{ ; 0.2 -9:^6 '62
21 :::17 '2.1 f>:37 - 5.2 \",:i~ 0.4 10:33 5.4
22. 4:08 ..'1.6 10:29 ¦ 5.3 4:32 • 0.7 11:09 '5 4
23 4:51 il.:: 11;19 ,Sr>.2 -1.0 11:43 -*5''4
24 5:37 ;].l 12:06 : B.I 5:46 1.3 ....'. .;.-..
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dolphin.' . Skagway. &. Way : Ports. Mar. IS
Farallon Kkagway &'¦ Way • Ports. Ular. 20
CltyofTopeka Pkagway'A Way Ports. iMar. "21
Cty of Seattle Skaguay & > Way Ports. |Mar. 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way.Pts.|Mar. 25
' Steamer.
Deitlnation.
| Balls.
Pier.
March 18. ' | . I
Eureka.... Humooldc ......... 9 ami Pier 13
Argyll N. Y.-vla Panama. 2 pmSwalll
Newburg... Grays Harbor 6 pm|Pler ¦ 2
Pomona.... Humboldt (1:30 p|I'ler o
Newport... Panama & W«» Pts'12 mlPMS3
. March 19. :|;- |
Mar.dalay.. Coquille River..."..'. 3 pmfPler 2
1-hoenlx.... Mendoclno City..... '3 pmjPler la
State of Cal. *=an Diego- & Way., n amjpier n
G. Elder. .. Astoria .<t Portland 11 amIPler 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPier 11
March 20.
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhavcn 10 am Pier 10
Oregonlan. Honolulu . direct...; 12; m Pier 20
Ventura...' Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Alliance... Portland & Coos B. ...... Pier 10
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
. ¦• •¦¦' • ' • March 111.- j , v ¦
Amer.Maru China &¦ Japan ...'. l : .pmPaiss
. •. . . March 2S. 1 i-U
Chehalls:.. Grays Harbor;. ...'. 6 pm Pier —
Empire.... Coos Bay .........: 12 ', m Pier la
Arcata.'.... Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 12" mi Pier 14
Pt. Arena.. Point Area*. ...... 2'pmPtrr' J
North Fork Humboldt'.:.*........ D. am Pier 2
Umatllla. . . I'uget Sound ¦ Ports 11 am Pier 9
:¦ - MarchS3.r - 1
Spokane..'. San, Diego &:\Vay.. OVamPler 11
Bonlta:.;.. Newport & WRy Pts 0 am Pier 11
-: ' 'March S4.V '
Columbia.. A&torla & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.'. N.Y. via. Panama.. 2,pmSwa!ll
Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma.. .0 pin Pier 2
1 ' : Mnrch'27. : J< ,; .
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor .. — 5 pm PJer 2
City Puebla Pu*et Sound Ports. ll'amlPler »
San Pedro. Grays -Harbor ..... '5 pmlPier 2
- March' 2H.. .' .:
Cy of Para. Panama & Way Pts 12; m PMSS
Steamer.
Krorn.
| Due.
Xewburg. . . . . San Pedro - .... .-.: . . . . . . (Mar. IS
Leelanaw...: New York via Panama.. fMar. la
Umatillu..... Puwt, Sound Port* IMar. IK
Hermonthi*.. Hamburg: via \V\ Coast. IMar. IS
Phoenix.;... Mendocino City.... IMar. 18
Despatch. . . . San Pedro |Mar. 19
Peking....... China & Japan Mar. la
North Fork..; Humboldt ..:... IMar. in
"Aztec. ...:... Tacoma.- ...... .'..'. .V. .'. . Mar. 19
Cltyof Para.. Panama & '/Way Ports.. Mar. lit
Alliance..'... Portland & Way Pts... Mar. ]0
¦Wellington. . . Comox Mar. ll>
Kur«-ka, Humboldt ...'. '.. . Mar. 20
Arcata..... 1 . Coos Bay' & Pt. Orford. Mar. 20
Crescent City Crescent . City - |Mar. 2o
Santa Monica San Pedro . . .- illar. 20
Kolmina. .. . . Naiialmo. ...;.•;;.'... . . .|Mar. 20
Komta....... Newport & Way Ports.. IMar 2ii
Bpokane..... San Diego & Way Ports. IMar. 20
Point Arena.. Point- Arena '......:, ...Mar °0
Australia. 1 ... Tahiti M&r XI
Santa Ana.;. Seattle •& Tacoma...... Mar. 21
• oiui-nbla.... Portlnn*/&. Astoria.'..'. . Mar. "I
Pan Mateo... Xanalmo ..r. .¦...;;..... Mar. 21
Empire.;.... Coos Bay ....:......... Mar' 21
Pomona...... Humboldt '•..'... ..'....;.. liar' 21
C, Nelson.... San Pedro .......'. Mar. 2"*
Chehalis..... San.Pedro ....;..:..... Mar 22
State of Cal.. San Diego& Way. Ports Mar 2:i
City of Puebla Puget Sound Ports..:... Mar 23
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor ....'. ....IMar 2*
Coos Bay . : . . San Pedro & Way -Ports. IMar 24
Alameda. . . . '. Honolulu . . 1 ...... |Mar' 25
Colombia.... Valparaiso & Way PortsIMar." 21
G. W. Elder. Portland & - Astoria *, . . .|Mar. 20
Steamer.
For.
Sails.
Dolphin.' . Skagway. &. Way : Ports. Mar. IS
Farallon Kkagway &'¦ Way • Ports. Ular. 20
CltyofTopeka Pkagway'A Way Ports. iMar. "21
Cty of Seattle Skaguay & > Way Ports. |Mar. 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way.Pts.|Mar. 25
Sun 'rises, ; . .....:;;....; .."¦.".. . .*.". .'.'.¦.*. : . .^0:17
Sun sets . . .;.;'.. ..::...;'.¦.;. .'. ..:... ;!!!!!«• 19
Moon isets ' . ~. .'. . ;v . : . . . . ; . . ;. . .... ; ; . -.2 :26 a. Tin.-
C. I Time I • r Time I V Tline| ; .' ;: \ Timel ' ' -
p. I- — ii.pt:'. 1 Ft. -I Ft:* —I Ft.
»;: |L W|.- ; : , H.W|:,. , : L-W|r, ¦- H,W| >; .
18 O:lfi , 3.0 0:16 --4.0 1:17 L 0:2 8:2X 4 .1
It» .1:25 .2.9 ,7:31 -.* 5.0 -2:12 -0.2 0:12 V 4 s
20; 2:25 ,2.5 5.2 -3:0:{ ; 0.2 -9:^6 '62
21 :::17 '2.1 f>:37 - 5.2 \",:i~ 0.4 10:33 5.4
22. 4:08 ..'1.6 10:29 ¦ 5.3 4:32 • 0.7 11:09 '5 4
23 4:51 il.:: 11;19 ,Sr>.2 -1.0 11:43 -*5''4
24 5:37 ;].l 12:06 : B.I 5:46 1.3 ....'. .;.-..
' Steamer.
Deitlnation.
| Balls.
Pier.
March 18. ' | . I
Eureka.... Humooldc ......... 9 ami Pier 13
Argyll N. Y.-vla Panama. 2 pmSwalll
Newburg... Grays Harbor 6 pm|Pler ¦ 2
Pomona.... Humboldt (1:30 p|I'ler o
Newport... Panama & W«» Pts'12 mlPMS3
. March 19. :|;- |
Mar.dalay.. Coquille River..."..'. 3 pmfPler 2
1-hoenlx.... Mendoclno City..... '3 pmjPler la
State of Cal. *=an Diego- & Way., n amjpier n
G. Elder. .. Astoria .<t Portland 11 amIPler 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 9 amlPier 11
March 20.
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhavcn 10 am Pier 10
Oregonlan. Honolulu . direct...; 12; m Pier 20
Ventura...' Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 7
Alliance... Portland & Coos B. ...... Pier 10
J. Kimball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
. ¦• •¦¦' • ' • March 111.- j , v ¦
Amer.Maru China &¦ Japan ...'. l : .pmPaiss
. •. . . March 2S. 1 i-U
Chehalls:.. Grays Harbor;. ...'. 6 pm Pier —
Empire.... Coos Bay .........: 12 ', m Pier la
Arcata.'.... Coos B. & Pt. Orf'd 12" mi Pier 14
Pt. Arena.. Point Area*. ...... 2'pmPtrr' J
North Fork Humboldt'.:.*........ D. am Pier 2
Umatllla. . . I'uget Sound ¦ Ports 11 am Pier 9
:¦ - MarchS3.r - 1
Spokane..'. San, Diego &:\Vay.. OVamPler 11
Bonlta:.;.. Newport & WRy Pts 0 am Pier 11
-: ' 'March S4.V '
Columbia.. A&torla & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.'. N.Y. via. Panama.. 2,pmSwa!ll
Santa Ana. Seattle &. Tacoma.. .0 pin Pier 2
1 ' : Mnrch'27. : J< ,; .
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor .. — 5 pm PJer 2
City Puebla Pu*et Sound Ports. ll'amlPler »
San Pedro. Grays -Harbor ..... '5 pmlPier 2
- March' 2H.. .' .:
Cy of Para. Panama & Way Pts 12; m PMSS
Steamer.
Krorn.
| Due.
Xewburg. . . . . San Pedro - .... .-.: . . . . . . (Mar. IS
Leelanaw...: New York via Panama.. fMar. la
Umatillu..... Puwt, Sound Port* IMar. IK
Hermonthi*.. Hamburg: via \V\ Coast. IMar. IS
Phoenix.;... Mendocino City.... IMar. 18
Despatch. . . . San Pedro |Mar. 19
Peking....... China & Japan Mar. la
North Fork..; Humboldt ..:... IMar. in
"Aztec. ...:... Tacoma.- ...... .'..'. .V. .'. . Mar. 19
Cltyof Para.. Panama & '/Way Ports.. Mar. lit
Alliance..'... Portland & Way Pts... Mar. ]0
¦Wellington. . . Comox Mar. ll>
Kur«-ka, Humboldt ...'. '.. . Mar. 20
Arcata..... 1 . Coos Bay' & Pt. Orford. Mar. 20
Crescent City Crescent . City - |Mar. 2o
Santa Monica San Pedro . . .- illar. 20
Kolmina. .. . . Naiialmo. ...;.•;;.'... . . .|Mar. 20
Komta....... Newport & Way Ports.. IMar 2ii
Bpokane..... San Diego & Way Ports. IMar. 20
Point Arena.. Point- Arena '......:, ...Mar °0
Australia. 1 ... Tahiti M&r XI
Santa Ana.;. Seattle •& Tacoma...... Mar. 21
• oiui-nbla.... Portlnn*/&. Astoria.'..'. . Mar. "I
Pan Mateo... Xanalmo ..r. .¦...;;..... Mar. 21
Empire.;.... Coos Bay ....:......... Mar' 21
Pomona...... Humboldt '•..'... ..'....;.. liar' 21
C, Nelson.... San Pedro .......'. Mar. 2"*
Chehalis..... San.Pedro ....;..:..... Mar 22
State of Cal.. San Diego& Way. Ports Mar 2:i
City of Puebla Puget Sound Ports..:... Mar 23
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor ....'. ....IMar 2*
Coos Bay . : . . San Pedro & Way -Ports. IMar 24
Alameda. . . . '. Honolulu . . 1 ...... |Mar' 25
Colombia.... Valparaiso & Way PortsIMar." 21
G. W. Elder. Portland & - Astoria *, . . .|Mar. 20
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SANTA CRUZ. CAL.— MARCH 1 MRS. LY-
DIA MATHI6ON wJU open the •( Bay Suit*
House and Cottages for the season, newly fur-
nlphed and refitted. Those who knew the lady's
¦wide reputation for pood cooking • will readily
understand that the table will be the -chief
feature of the rrenag* of the Bay fitalft. ' The
hou»"« is beautifully ¦ situated' on , Beach Hill,
close to tbc bathing beach. An attractive 'horn a
for either the cummer or winter at moderate
r«tt*e-. . -Open th*- rear - round. . For. terms ad-
dress: MRS. LTDIA M ATHISON- Bty , St«U
House and Cottages. , Eanta Cruz; Cal.' .
BA r STATE. HOUSE.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
f fiB MSK*SBT5ff.lit.fci«tt.S.r.fc!.i
\ Sf^ ... T1 > e , Museum in the \
9 • g&SfA Z<*><*- weaknesses or any contracted d
d fl^S^S Da - JOHDAH-DISEASES OF MEM Q
A IWm Consultation free and stiirjly rrinte. \
f J J&« D Tr«tm«nt personally of br >Wet. A A
\ 8 A> II S mtn * Clnr# '" e »«rjr e»M undertaken. V '
W I" S II B _ w »itefoT Book. PaiLOSUPnYaf *
V I 11 n>»*»«IA«K. MAtLSO FKSB. (A»"
A tt ti »alu»ble book far m»o> \
¥ db. w"onn.ix & «o.. lost ax.rfcet st.S. P. V
SUMMER RESORTS.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSX i
Office 1OO4. Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Off Ice— 54 San Pablo Ave.
Want the best laundry work money can
buy. They get it when their work is sent
home from the United States, becauso
we spare neither time nor labor to make
every article perfect In color and finish.
If you're a critic 'twill prove Interesting
to you to know, the completeness with
which we fulfill this statement.
No saw edges.*!23&)P
EASTER FOLKS
LV-iI2£ $% A Id en Electnc
Belt <with •g&Xz: ¦ • u e P < nsory) ;«
guaranteed ¦ ' to. poetess all the
curative propwtie* of the . expensive belu
Row sold by doctor* and druggists.. It give*
« very rtron* current of electricity and is
*aeily regulated. Bound to supersede
others. Can be had from the undersigned
only; fCO AGENTS: NO DISCOUNT Cir-
cular free. Call or address PIERCE. ELfC-
TRIC CO.. 206 Post rt.. San Francisco, or
1145 BroaSway. New Tork.
Greater Than Assertion.
There is none of us so hardened but
that when vie have" been able to aid our
fellow creatures by conferring a benefit
or bringing a little comfort into their
lives we like to have appreciation
shown. This generally affords more
pleasure than the performance of .the
act itself, and in this connection the
following, letter, from a Paris, Texas,
lady is of more than usual interest:
"Dear Friends: I address you as such,
for you have been such to me. I suf-
fered for three years off and on with
p!:cs. 1 was treated 'at the hospital, and
the new and elegant hospital of Mem-
phis: they only gave me temporary - re-
lief. I came West, thinking the change
of air cr.d v.-ater xvould benefit me: fivs
months ago the bleeding piles came back
on me, and bled so much that I thougtit
I would die. I have had four of the
Bftest doctors in this section of Texa;;
all they did was to finally nearly let me
go to my grave; all they wanted was a
big sum of money from me and to op-
crate on me. 1 said no; . no surgeon's
knife would enter me; If it was my time
lo die. God knew it. and when I died 1
would die all together. I . began . hear-
ing about your . medicine. I ha,d no
faith in you. but I sent and got a box
of your Pyramid Pile Cure;, in two days
the blood flow had slackened to one-half
tbc amount, and in one week I £e!t- -so
njuch better I walked four block3 and
c!Id a Uttle housework. I was not bleed-
irg then; in three weeks I was well.
<iod tiess you for putting such, a won-
derful medicine within the reach of suf-
Jeriiig men and. women. 1 shall never
«ast? to recommend your medicine or
he without, it; also J used your Pyramid
Pills. Bailie A. Hearndon." Testimony
like this should be more convincing than
all claims and assertions, and shouid
leave no doubt in the mind of the reade.-
as to the merit of the remedy. Pyramid
Pile Cure is sold by druggists for fifty
cents a package, or will be mailed by
tbe makers to any address on receipt of
price. Write Pyramid Drug Co., Mar-
shall, Mich., for their book on cause
and cure of piles.
VALUE OF TESTIMONY.
r v — -.- -V- ¦ •
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FATAL ECONOMY.
, -¦ - -.. . »
. |«////|VERY old maxim declares that it isn't econ-
omy to pick up pins ; the time' is worth more
||||5^ than the pins. Similarly it is not true econ-
m^%* omy to do without Ivory Soap; your health |
requires the daily removal of the bodily excretions
which are discharged through the pores of the skin.
These tiny mouths must be kept open, and they
should be opened only with a pure soap.
IVORY SOAP — 99«><S» PER CENT. PURE.
J ¦?- COPTKiaMT 1»t« »t TM€ >»OCTIH A mitt eg. CIKCWXTt __
fr-/ - .: ¦--¦ .¦.-¦¦• ¦¦• ¦ . .-.<*
l Ask and Find 2
L^' ; ,The man of/the world seeks .
pV , a: perfect stimulant -for; his ,' -^
? own perisonal cheer, comfort \ H
:.,? sand hospiulity. '' ."• j
I ¦ - ¦¦¦••"•:•¦ : -" .¦•; -¦/i
i Hunter j
j
I The First Sought::
ra The First Bought '
' CHRISTY A WISE OOXMtT-SION CO.. lnc, T
. 23«£25Cs.]iforntaM..San»ancisco.C«.ilf. T
; Telephone Main 875. . . : . ... ;- f > ;^
Sapcrior to Apiol, Tansy, Pennyroyal or Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and. Irregulari-
ties Peculiar to the Sex.
Apiollse Capsales for three months cost $L
Prngght or P. O. Box 2081, New York. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.NEW YORK. March 17.— The general specu
lative sentiment Jn Wall street was a good
deal encouraged by the improved condition of
the money outlook, as disclosed by the Satur
day bsnk statement. There was no 'absolute
Improvement in the condition of the banks dis
closed by that document, but there had been
more or less dread last week that the surplus
reserve would be entirely wiped out by tho
Kuuiy drains upon the cash reserves.'. The large
loan contraction act«d as _ an offset to this
drain, and the absence -of 'disturbance In the
market while this was being done dissipated a
good deal of the anxiety felt- over the money
outlook. It was this consideration that prompt
ed the traders to bid up the opening prices for
Ftocks. It de\-eloped. however during the
course of .the day that the professional contln*
cent BtlU make up the market to a large ex
tent, and vny little following was attracted
by the advancing tendency of the. market. The
principal operations also were inclined to re
vert to the industrials and specialties. - Tills"
v.as partly due to the fact that no relaxation
**as apparent ia the Interest rates. Call loans
New York Stock Market.
European Railway Tralas'/ Speed.
¦ The maximum speeds of regular railway
rail-way trains In Europe are given below:
France v. •-..:. 93.5 kilometers per hour
England ............87.7 kilometers per hour
Germany 82.7 kilometers per hour
Belgium .: ..'...79.6 kilometers per hour
Holland ........75.7 kilometers per hour
Austro-Hungary '..73.2 kilometers per hour
Italy ..'...... :.. 70.1 kilometers per hour
Russia 61.5 kilometers per hour
Denmark .....:;:~..57.8 kilometers per hour
Turkey ,;..".'.. 42.0 kilometers per hour
Bulgaria ..i ...'...... 35.0 kilometers per hour
Greece ¦;".; ..::;.... 33.7 kilometer*!- per hour
A kilometer, eauala .621 ot a mile. .. .
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
'Provisions:
There was ¦ quite a v drop s at ; Chicago, chiefly
, FRUITS--Aprii)ts. : 9@llc for Royals 'and
10013c ''"for-- standard ¦•: to;, fancy. Moorparjcs;
Evaporated -iApnjes,. '8®9c; * "sun dried. 5c;
Peaches, 6"A@S*4d; Pears. C@9c; Plums, pitted.
5@6c;> unpitted l%@2%c:^Nectarlnes. , 5%©0c
for ' red and :6%(§!0c. for .white; Figs, 4 %o for
black and 5%®0c for. white.;: -
.'• PKUNE8-1W1 ' crop are^ quoted as follows:
30-40'S, 6@6%c; 40-50's,-4%@5-4c;, 50-60' s. 4*4
©4%c; co-70'e, a%®4Hc: j£
bVsT 2%@:»Vic: 00-100-s. 2%@2%c per ib. ' "
M RAISINS— Seeded.*- 3-crown. Sc; 2-crown." «W
tlTKc; Loose Muscatels, 6% of or 4-crown and
t £c /or seedless; '3-crown.- 6c; 2-crown. , 5%c;
Seedless. ¦ Sultanas. -0%c. for. unbleached and ;m
8%c for bleached; .Clusters— Imperials. W; d7
b?,ai $2 50: .Fancy, $176; ; London Layers,
11 25&1 35. ' : 11 . ~'< S ¦ ¦¦ • .
NUTS— Chestnuts, ll®12c:; Walnuts, No. J i
sofUhell, 9%c: No. 2. 8@S%c: No.il hardshellT
So- No. 2. 7c: '. Almonds, 10%@l2o for. paper-'
shell, I IKBIOC . for eof tshell and 6®7c t for hard
fc h»U; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts,
12©12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; J PeCana, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts. $3 !>0@0. , ' : • '; .- ;y ,
HONEY— Comb, 11%®13C for. bright and 10O
12o for llEht amber; water white extracted, 5©
«c; light amber extracted: .-4@5c; dark, .4c. .
' BEESWAX— 27% «20c. per lb.
Dried Fruits , Nuts and; Raisins.
EASTERN MARKETS.
CALL 'BOARD SALES.- .: ..[ \ -
' ; Informal Sessibn-^-0 :15 ,' o' clock — No sale's.' .
. 'Second Session — No sales." - . .' , .
'. Regular '¦- Morning ¦ Session— May — 2000 ' ctls,
02c;- - ¦;¦¦¦';:¦ v ; ,'->' : "¦¦¦:¦ -;•• > . ¦^¦-.- : -. '-• ¦ -- •¦ ¦
; Afternoon -¦. • Session— December — 4000 ' ctls,
78%c: 6000, \78%c;. May— 200O,.*«114e.-- -
': OATS— Dealers are ; still ! quoting ¦ a dull' and
featureless market. ,.':'-•¦ :*. \-', : ¦
Informal ;; Sesslofh— 9:15 V o'clock— May— 2000
ctls, ill 00%; 2000,1*1 03 Vi. .
Second Sesslon-i-December — 4000 ctls," *1 09:
0000." $1- 08%; May— 4000, -51" 12V4 1 10,000, : $1 12;
4000, $1 12%. , . -
.Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls.
•Afternoon Session— May-^-2000 ctls, $112:
10,000, i*l 11%: December— 10,000, fl 08%: ...
¦'BARLEY — The., market ;¦ shows -no change
.whatever, > being steady and quiet.* ..
Feed, , it3% @a5c • for • No. ¦: 1 : and * 90@92%c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, 9G*4c
@$1 ;• Chevalier, 95c@l' 20 per ctl.' .
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The foreign markets were steady
to firm and futures at Paris were higher.: The
world' b shipments' for the- week' were as "fol
lows. In quarters: Russian, 112.000; Argentina,
83,000; Australian, 21,000. The American vis
ible supply decreased 1,158,000 bushels. \ : .
The blizzard in the Northwest was the great
feature at Chicago yesterday. The market
rose from 75%c to 70c and fell back to 74%c.
The Northwest sold .freely. Kansas seemed
to suffer the most from the blizzard, ' the crop
being bare ' of covering, ; very - dry and ¦- frozen
up hard. : Arwlre from Kansas. city said: -"If
this class of we ather does not kill wheat
nothing else will, for there is a. gale all over
the i winter .wheat -.belt,' with the - } temperature
near zero/and the condition of the plant Is deli
cate at best." . This news caused the advance
at Chicago, - and -the 1 country bought- freely,
but-St.',- Louis • professional ¦ selling - checked tha
rise. 1 -.,'.-- ; -' : ' ¦"¦'•"•;;¦ '-.':-:¦'-¦!/.¦ .'¦!.'¦
This market was unchanged on the spot,' but
futures were lower... ¦ V •¦
Spot Wheat— Shipping," $1 11%; milling,
$1.12%@1 15per ctl... . :- z .;; ¦¦•. -
Wheat and Other Grains.
. Exchange attd Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days .— $4 8(1 ¦-
Sterling Cables, eight. . .T. ......— ¦. i 88%
Sterling Cables ....:.' — 4 89%
New York Exchange, I sight — 05 •
New York Exchange.. telegraphic — ' 07%
Silver, per ounce — f>4
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 48%
er Tuesday with showers; fresh southerly
winds.
Southern California — Cloudy Tuesday; • light
Tjortherly wind changing to southwesterly.
Nevada — Cloudy unsettled weather Tuesday,
cooler; probably showers In northern portion;
fresh eouthwest Trtnds.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy unsettled
weather Tuesday, probably showers; fresh
*-»ithwest winds. . ..",.. .
ALEXANDER G.- McADIE.- ¦
-- ' . .- .-. Forecast Official. >
hours ending midnight March 18:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weath-
The pifssurc has fallen rapidly over - th'e
country west of the Rocky Mountains. A dis
turbance of moderate' energy overlies Wash
ington and Northern Oregon- It will probably
move southeastward, causing unsettled weather
Jn Northern California.
Rain is falling generally over Washington
and Orecon. There has been a fall in tem
perature of from 6 to 10 degrees along the
coast of Northern California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
"WEATHER. CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel. Oranges. *1 00C32
for standard, $202 50 for .choice and $2 60<£2 73
for Xancy;,Kxtra. Fancy;- $3;. Seedlings; $1600
175; Tangerines, .In q-uarter boxes.' 75c©*fl and
*»1DO@2 in half boxes;. Malta Bloods, $1 2*""*J
1 60 in half A boxes ; r. ". Lemons, " 75c®? I -for
common and $125^170 for Rood. tn'chnice and
$2@2 50 for- fancy; Grapa, Fruit.' $2Q)3; Mexi
can LlmesK $0@7; BananaB, $1 25@2.pcr bunch
for ; New Orleans and Jll@2 for, • Hawaiian •
fineapples, fJ&* per , dozen. . ¦: . ... '
At the Orange auction yesterday 6 cars were
sold. at. the following, prices:. Fancy , Navels,
$1 C5@2 C5;, choice do, $1 S5@2 20; standard
do, 85c@$2. . .-, Standard Lemons I were sold .. at
90@95c per box..: In tbfc open market business
was brisk, under a- steady demand, chiefly for
email sizes of. Navels," which were scarce at
tho auction as well as on the street. .'" Offering.*
of choice and ' fancy stock - were 1 mostly large
and 'desirable sizes of standards and seedlings
sold in i preference- at • almost' as high prices.
Lemons were 'quoted firm' at' unchanged prires
. Ripe Bananas were plentiful and prices were
easier. -.There was .no noticeable change in
Apples...- ¦ ; •'• • '¦' ' ¦ ''-¦' '• '¦'¦
- Al->'LE'!^ : -$2®2 25 : per box'fortxtra, $125®
•175 for good : to choice and COc@$l for ordi
nary.- terj&G, '-""„¦. / .-¦ a ¦¦-.:¦
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Temperatare at 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I j Bld.Aak
te qr coup...H2V4112% Us qr c (new)139",',l:{a*K
4s qr reg.... 111*4111% 13s qr coup.. .108 TilOaii
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A "W Co. 7OV41O3 t OcSS Co 5s. 10144 —
Bay CPC 5s. 107 . — Ombus C 63.131
Cal-st 5s....llO% — Pac G Ira 4s 95% V-
C Coata 5s.. — 111& Pk&C H Cs.107 —
EdL&PCs.. — — Pk&O R Cs.117 120
Fer&C H (Js.116 — Pwl-stR Cs.117 —
Heary-st 5s.. — Sac EGR 5s. »5% 97
H C&S 5%s. — — ¦ SF & SJV5S.123U124
Do 5s — 09*4 Bierra Cal«a.l05H110
L. Am: R 58.120% S P of A 6s
LA L Co 5s. — — (1009) ....113W —
Do gtd Us. — — ' (1910) 114U — .
Do Ktd 5s. — 106% S P of Cal 6s .¦
L A & P 5s. 102 — (1005)Sr A.100*4100%
Do lem 5s. 102% — (10O5)Sr B.llOVillOV
Ukt-st C --3.126% — (1906) ....112% — *
Do lem 03.110*,4 — (1012) 122Vll22"rI
N R of C es.llli^ — S P of Car lit"
Do Es ....12314123% cgntd 8o.l20
N Pac C 5s.lO8%tO9Vi Do stmpd.lll*j4 — "
N Cal R Cs.112% — 5P Br Cal6s.l40 —
Oak Gas 5s. 112 - — S V Wat Ca. — 111%
Oak Trn Cs.l22V; — Do 4s 103 —
' Do 1st c5s.lll%112% Do4s 3dm. 102 — '
Oak.W G 53.102 ,. — Stkn G&ECs.lua 104
, WATER STOCKS. •;...
Contra Costa' 77 *,i7S ;/Port Costa.. 63% C8 "*
MarinCo.... 57 — J?prtng Val... 92% IKJ'V
. . GAS AND ELECTRIC. V '
Cent L &P. 2% — Pac LlKht...-45 —
Eqt G L Co. -3%. 3% Sac E G&RC.25 31 '
Mutual;-.:.*.. . -B S P G & B.,44% 45'
O G L & H.'^56% 57% S F O L Co. 5Vi —
¦Pae G Imp.. .40 Stktn G &-.E • 8 —
\'" INSURANCE. '.,. ." .^".'.
• tlrem's Fnd.257 . 275 - I ' y i '¦'*
,-; . ;¦ - '. ;.-., ->r-BANKS. '•.''.---?•--',¦
Anglo-Cal .. SS% — L ?<& A... J05 i Ll70 '
California .'.422% — Mer Ex (Hq); JS%. — ,-
Cal Safe Dp. 117 Vi — SF Natlonl.137% —
¦First Nationl — — . -¦¦ ' - .
; SAVINGS ? BANKS. ~ ,?' . '
•German ". . .1900 , — SavW Loan. — ' llOO ;
Humboldt-.. — — Security Sav.237% — •
.Mutual Sav. 79 82 Union Trust.. — 2200
¦S F Sav U..515 —..-".
I- ¦.,-•- STREET RAILROADS. . ,
-California .. — 175 .Market ...... 00% — -
-'Geary '......*.' — * 65- -I Presidio '....' — ¦ 00
.¦ . ;¦?-, '- : ¦: ¦ .powder., •::'.."'. ¦•-•-
Giant ....... 80% 80% Vigorit;!...; '3-.*":/4".^
¦•-/>¦; sugar."-, . '¦".¦..', -;-". A '
Hana .f.".*..- 3^3%" Kilaueu ...;.'"/ 9 Vi'-^'
Hawaiian ... 37% 40 Makawell ".'T."2i»%'25
Honokaa ... 11 12 - J. Onomea ".".-.• 24 ;¦; 24%
Hutchinson-..12"4 — Patttihau ...: It ' 12'
jJ(8jgBKa!^;: ' MISCELLANEOUS."-*aSap|
Alaska Pack.160 161 % Pac A"' F. 'A:. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.- 9T 98 Pac C Borx.lCS. J.— '-.-
Cal Wine As. ¦— 100 Par Paint... IS — ,
Oceanic S Co au 40 ¦ -y '
MONDAY, March 17.
STOCK AND' BOND j EXCHANGE.
CHICAGO, March 17. — Good Judges of , trade
influences declared at the. opening of business
that the wheat news should put 2 cents on
the prices of futures to-day. World's statis
tics were bullish, Liverpool stocks were de
creased ' and Liverpool cables showed a' quick
rally to firmness In the English 'markets. But
the chief bullish factor was the hard freeze
over the Western States. The thermometer
was down to zero In the, winter'wheat-sec
tions, where the warm weather and rains had
Elarted growing. 1 Coarse grains were higher,
Minneapolis reported" a good cash demand,
with No. 2 Northern selling at May . prices,
and No. .1 at l@lVSc premium. These in
fluences did induce a substantial advance at
the opening, but the early prices ; were the
beet of the day.- May 'started ¦¦"4@*"6c- higher
at 75%c to 70 cents and haggled for the first
hour. Shorts had evened 'up pretty well Sat
urday, and consequently there was not ; such
a nervous tension as there would have been
had the freeze come last week. The commis
sion houses had a good supply of : buying or
ders to execute, but the big local professionals
were callously indifferent to the situation and
Jet the outsider attempt to bring the few re
maining heavy shorts to their ,£nees. Trade
jrrew light early, when prices eased -to 75"K,c
Here ' May rested for some time. . Then bears
thought they saw a latent weakness in the
pit and -started in to hammer out ' the small
fry. A number of crop damage reports came
to hand but had little effect.- The last- half
hour of trade was excited • and - prices for-Mav
plunged down to 74%c, closing weak' V,SALc
lower at 74%@74~J6c- . -;-. . ,..: , ..Tr
Corn - trade . was almost a repetition of .the
experience in wheat. May closed weak. *4c
down, at Cl%0G2c. '-.- ¦ - weaK ' , %c
Oats followed the lead of other grains. May
closed weak. %@%c, lower, at 44%c. "• >
There .was a sharp advance early, in provis
ions, but a . late weakness in sympathy / with
the drop in grain casued the entire list to sell
below Saturday'!! close. May pork closed 7V4@
10c lower, lard 6c down and ribs 2*4@5c ott
The leading futures ranged as: follows : t > r- i
Articles— „ Open. High. . , , Low. ;.' Close:
wheat j\o. 2— . ¦- .. -,-...-...-
May ....... 70 76 - 74% ' . ' 74-jfc
July.. 76% . ¦ 70% - " 75« 75%
Se Co'rn lb No;*2- ' 7G% Vrw* '. ¦• -^f*'
May .....: Ki% aiW 61% ¦ 62T ¦¦-
My 02% , 02% . (ii% m%
September ..... 60% 00% 10% I - 69%
Oats No. 2 — .;..'....,, ' "¦ ¦¦¦-., -."
May /... 45% "45% 44% 44%
July ... .'. . . .,. .. .''GVj 36% - 36?i' ; 3flT
September .'". ... 30% 30% ' 30 •, 30 Vi
Mess Pork, per bbl— /: ¦" £j- v i r "™
May .....'.. ..:.15 57% 15 B7%;15'85'".' 15 SB
July ......15 05 15 65 > 1C 45 , 15 45V
Lard," per 100 lbs — ¦;.. -. ¦¦ .; !
May ... .'. fl 42% 0 42% ; 0 .15 p 35."
July 0 60 9 50 . ; 0.45 . '- . : 0 45 ' .
September' 0 60 - ,- 0 60 * ' 0 57%' 0 CO '"
'- Short Ribs. per. 100 lbs— . .... '
May^........ 8 4.1 .8,45 ,~, 8-37%'",S'37%"
July .-..:V. "..".. 8 55-8 55 ,8 60,. -8 50 .
Beptember ....... '8 62% ,8 62% "8 60 ;,8|62%
Casb quotations were as follows: Flour, aulet
Chicago Grain Market.
Following Is a comparative statement of the*
estimated flow of certain, California rivers In
cubio feet per second, or second feet, one second
foot equaling: 50 California miner's inches, or
about 40 Colorado miner's inches. The figures
are from J. B. Llpplncott, hydrographer of tha
United States Geological Survey:
TUOLUMNE. RIVER AT LA GRANCJE.
KINGS RIVER AT RED MOUNTAIN.
TULE RIVER AT McPARLANDS BRIDGE.
FLOW OF BIVERS.
A semi-annual dividend of $3 20 per share is
now. payable by the London, Paris and Ameri
can Bank.
A monthly dividend of tsOc will be paid on the
20th by the California Fruit Canners' Associa
tion. • .', •..-'..>.
A quarterly dividend of 1"4 per cent will be
paid on April 1 by the California Title Insur
ance and Trust Company.
Ex-coupon yesterday: Oakland Gas Light and
Heat Company, 5s, 1916, semi-annual, amount
ing to $23,725.
Business was quiet on the mornlns. session
of the ' Bond Exchange. There was a sale of
California-street Railway at $170. : ; .
EGGS— Ranch. 16c for selected large and
14V6@15 1 .ic for good to choice; 'store, 13<^(^l4o
per dozen. " . • , ¦ -"
CHEESE— New, 9^@10%c;. old, 9@llc;
Young America, S@luc; Eastern, l"i@15c per
pound. '.."¦¦•'-¦•• • • : •
• BUTTER — Creamery. 25@26c per pound for
fancy," 23@24c for firsts and 21®22V4c for sec
onds; dairy, 19@22c; store Butter, 17@18c per
pound. ,.'>• ¦". .. „
Receipts were 43,000 pounds, 20 kegs of But
ter, lbs of Eastern Butter, 1588 cases of
Eggs, 4080 pounds of California Cheese, 1680
pounds 1 of Oregon Cheese and pounds of
Eastern Cheese.- :¦¦¦'•¦¦¦ ¦¦ ¦ • :
Eggs stand the same, but tho feeling is. not
as steady as last week. Most dealers report
difficulty In. working • oft: their stocks, and
some are largely over-supplied. It is reported
that ' some dealers are , bidding more '. in • the
country than the Eggs are bringing .' in this
market. There • is mora or less storing going
on here, ' as the local demand Is . insuf liclent
to keep stocks down. ' , ¦ ' . ;.
. Cheese showed no further: change, -but there
is no lack of supplies. ¦ .' - / ¦
Dealers continue to quote a weak market
for Butter, with buyers still pursuing a hand
to-mouth policy. The Exchange reduced . its
quotations . to 21©24c for creameries. 10@22c
for dairies and 17c for store. The feeling all
over the street was very i weak.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
THE COA£T RECORD,
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, March 17.— The .offerings at : the
wool auction sales to-day numbered 13,22-3
bales. The attendance was large. Spirited
competition appeared all day 'and prices . were
firm throughout. The . buying was by home
and Continental " representatives , principally.
Cross-breds were In large. supply and sold well,
Americans taklnc a few parcels. -
Northern Business.
TACOMA. March 17. — Clearings. $257,725;
balances. $43,824. ' - - -. ¦¦
-PORTLAND, March 17. — Clearings. $733,007;
balances, $140,562. ¦¦" --'- . ' •• •
SPOKANE,' March 17.— Clearings, $276,907;
balances, $28,425. ... ,
' SEATTLE . March 17.— Clearings, $490,104;
balances, $116,049.
OREGON.
Northern IVheac Market.
PORTLAND, Ore., . March 17.r- Whent—
Walla Walla, C4@05c; bluestem, C6@C0V4c;' val
ley, C5@65%c. ' ¦:¦¦'¦ ' ' '¦ ¦ ; ¦
WASHINGTON, t
TACOMA, Wash., March .17. — Wheat —
Quiet;- bluestem, 66c; club, 65c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, MARCH IT.
Flour, qr sks.. 6,85a Potatoes, ¦ sks .. 1,702
Wheat, ctls .... 1,043 Onions, sks .... 680
Barley, ctls .... 8,916 Bran, sks 165
Oats, ctls . . : 430 Hay. tons ....... 664
Sugar, ctls .... 2.MS Straw, tons .... 26
Tallow, ctls 241 Hides, No 452
Beans, sks 1,922 Pelts, bells ¦.'.., <tG9
Shorts, sks ..... 230 Lime, bbls .... .273
Hopes, bales ... 5 Powder, car .... l
Wool, sks 38 Chicory, bbls . . . 20
Wine, gals .103.700. Leather, rolls .. 74
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks ... 40 /Bran, sks ....... 3,400
Evaporated apples move slowly for the time
being, but prices are eteady on the old basis.
State/common to good. 7@8%c: prime, 9ffl9Uc;
choice. 9%@10c; fancy. 10*4@llc.
In California dried fruits there is ' a con
tinued good interest in prunes .. for Jobbers*
account, and prices are firm on large sizes and
steady on small. Apricots are moving well: In
a Jobbing way and are strong. Peaches ' are
quiet and steady. •».-•¦ ¦ . ¦
PRUNES— 3>/4@7c. v**
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark,: im
@12c. • . . • • .•,•
PEACHES—Peeled, 14@18c; ' unpecled, ' 8
@10c. ¦-.-.- , ¦ .
NEW YORK, March 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
22,026 bushels; exports, 13,341 barrels; barely
steady, with business checked, by the decline
in wheat. . .
WHEAT— Receipts. .48,450 bushels; exports, .
120,50-2 bushels. Spot was easy; No. 2 red,
80%c elevator; No. 2 led, 8S% f. o. b afloat;
No. 1 Northern Duluth. &3Vfec f. o. b. afloat:
No. .1 hard Manitoba. f>7%c f. o. b. afloat In
fluenced by a cold wave West, the wheat
market opened firm -and active to-day. Small
world's shipments and a large visible supply
decrease also helped drive in shorts. This ac
complished, there was no further support, and'
exports proving Indifferent, the afternoon
market turned dull and weak, closing at %c
net loss. March closed at 80%c; May 80 7-16@
81 He. closed 80V4c; July 80%@82c, closed
80%c; September, S0"4@81 3-10c, closed 80"4c.
HOPS— Firm. . , .
HIDES — Quiet.
WOOL— Steady. Domestic fleece, 26®29c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice,
C%c; mild, steady: Cordova. 8@12c.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 2 29-32c;
centrifugal. 06 test. 3 13-32c; molasses sugar,
2 21 -32c; refined was steady. ,
DRIED FRUITS.
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 SI .74 40.17 •
Red Bluff 0.00 27.78 22.17
Sacramento O.O0 16.15 17.18
*""an Francisco...., O.CO 16.52 18.79 -.
Fresno 0.00 5. S3 10.28
Independence 0.00 4.04 5.81
San Luis Obispo. .. 0.00 19.85 27. C2
Los Angeles 0.00 9.37 13.10
Ban Diego . 0.00 4.64 8.66
• 6an Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
68: minimum. 47; mean. 02.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 60-62iKansas City 40-12
Cincinnati 68-28;Omaha ..........26- 2
Philadelphia CO-50 Chicago 38- 6
¦"¦Vashington 64-48iDuluth 18- 8
Jacksonville 80-60 ISt. Louis 46-22
"New York S2-50)Salt Lake CTty... 44-28
LIVERPOOL, March 17.— Wheat, quiet; No.
1 standard California. Ca »%d@Cs '4d; wheat
in Parlf-, steady; flour Jn Paris, firm; French
country markets, firm; weather in England,
overcast; cotton, uplands, 4 13-lCd. •
-LONDON. March 17. — Consols. 03 1.1-1C®
03 15-16; silver, 24 15-16d; French rentes dOlf
50c;- wheat cargoes on passage, quiet and
steady; No. 1 standard California, 29s 9d;
Walla Walla, 29s; English country markets,
steady; wheat imports into. United Kingdom,
322.000;' flour Imports I Into United Kingdom,
202,000; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 4,080,000; "wheat and flour on pass
age to Continnent, 1,140,000. - , - :
Foreign Markets.
NEW YORK, March 17.— The cotton market
closed steady, with prices 3 to 9 points higher.
New Yvrk Cottpri' 'Market:
GAME— Hare. $1: Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush: Gray Geese, $2 50®
3; White Geese, 75c(g$l; Brant, $1@2 per doz;
Honkers, $3©4; English Snipe, $3®3 50; Jack
Snipe, $1 50@2,
Receipts of Game were 59 sks. and the mar
ket' was* dull and weak. Some kinds were
quoted lower. I ' . ¦ . - ¦
POULTRY— Live; Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 60@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $C@
5 60 for old and $6 60@3 for young ; Hens, $4 50
@5 60; ' young Roosters. . ?6«7; old Roos
ters. $4 2S@4 60; Fryers,; $5<j/5 50; Broilers,
$4 £>0®5 for large and I $li'sil for small;
.Pigeons, $1 60 per dozen for old and $2 7r>ip
'3 for Sciuabs. .
One car of .Eastern Poultry, > which came' to
hand Saturday, was placed on the market and
reRdlly disposed of. One or two cars will be
offered to-day. ' There was not enough Cali
fornia Poultry offering to warrant any change
in- the quotations. - ; ¦
Poultry; and. Game.
New York Gra in and Produce.
The following, ere the, seasonaj^xalnfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfalls in last twenty- four hours:
«20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRAXCISCO. March 17. 5 p. m.
Weather Report;
Wheat, 51,977,000 bushels, decrease 1,158,000
bushels; corn, ii.tiSC.OOO bushels, '• decrease 390,
000 bushels: oats :i, 486,000 bushels, decrease
622,000 bushels; rye, 2,080,000 bushels, decrease
4.1.000 'bushels : barley. 1,878,000 bushels, , de
crease 7C0O bushels. • ' . . .. * .'.
NEW YORK. March 17.— The visible sup- 5
ph' of sxrfln Saturday, March 15, as compiled
by .'the. "New York -Produce Exchange, Is' as
follows: , .
Visible Grain Supply.
Condition of the Treasury. '
WASHINGTON, March 17.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balances, $175,559,113: gold. $92.
664,478. - . -
' Board —
6 Alaska Packers' Association. ... .161 73
2 Bank of California 423 00
$25,000 Bay Counties P Co. 5 per'cent.107 25 .
10 Giant Powder Con 80 60
10 Oakland Gas 67 00
$2000 Oceanic S S Bonds ..10175 .
10 S F Gas & Electric Co .45 12%
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
10 8 F Gas A Electric Co...: 44 87%
80 Spring Valley Water 92 50
$4000 S V 4 per cent bonds CM mtge)..10C.87%
Street—
15 Oceanic S S Co 40 00
10 Spring Valley Water 02 37%
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
200 Monarch 19
350 Sterling 1 1T%
Afternoon Session.
100 Caribou 70
100 Home Oil 3 85
35 Junction IT
200 Monte Cristo 130
600 Occidental 1»
215 Sterling 1 17*4
100 Wolverine 60-
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
600 Andes ....... 04 600 Crown Point., trt
600 Belcher 07 1000 Gould & Cur. 10
4C0 Best & Belch. 23 200 Hale & Norc. 80
300 Caledonia .... 54 1000 Justice ...... 10
1000 Caledonia. ... 55 300 Ophlr 07
200 Challenge .... 24 600 Overman .... 13
100 Challenge .... 23 1000 Potost 12
500 Chollar 11 S0O Savage _ OS
10O Con Cal & V.I 34 600 Sierra Nev... 15
200 Con Cal & V.I 23 . 400 Utah ........ 06
Afternoon Session. ' ;~:
COO Best &• Belch. 2CI 1000 Mexican 32
1200 Best & Belch. 27 600 Ophlr ... 0«
100 Caledonia .... 45 300 Overman .... 10
100 Caledonia .... 42 300 Potosl 13
200 Caledonia 40 IOOO Silver Hill... 84
1200 Con Cal & V.I 30 100 Utah ........ OO
100 Gould & Cur. 10 ICO Yellow Jacket" 13
200 Hale & Norc. 29
The following were the sales In the Paci fj
Stock Exchange yesterday:
. ¦ Morning Session.
I S00 Best & Belch. 23 300 Justice 10
700 Best & Belch. 24 300 Ophlr 99
400 Caledonia ..'.. 61 70«> Potosl ....... 12
500 Caledonia .... 53 300 Potost 12%
1000 Chollar 10 300 Silver Hill ... 3a
300 Chollar 11 1500 Union Con... 28
1000 Crown Point. 0« 600 Yellow Jacket 22
200 Hale & Norc. 28 700 Yellow Jacket 21
Afternoon Session.
800 Best & Belch. 25 200 Mexican 3%
150 Caledonia .... 42 2OO Opblr 98
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 600 Potosl 13!
200 Confidence ... 61 300 Sierra Nev... 15
500 Gould & Cur. 10 100 Silver Hill... C2
100 Hale & Norc. 29 200 Union Con... 2ti
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. March 17-r4 p. m.
. ' Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 0.". Justice 09 10
Alta ......... 04 06 Kentuck ..... 01 tfi
•Andes 04 05 Lady Wash... — Ot
Belcher 05 06 Mexican ..... 32 33
Best & Belch. 20 27 Occidental ... 07 08
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 07 DS
Caledonia 42 43 Overman .... 00 11
Challenge Con 17 ?0 Potosl 13 14
Chollar 10 11 Savage 06 07
Confidence ... 61 63 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & V.I 25 1 b0 Seg Belcher... 02 M
Con Imperial: — 01 Sierra Nev... 1* 15
Con New Yk. 02- — Silver Hill... 62 «>4
Crown Point. 05 0(3 Ft Louts — 10
Eureka Con..' 18 — Syndicate.... — ©O
Exchequer ... 01 02 , "Union Con... 25 2S
Gould & Cur. 09 10 Utah 08 07
Hale & Norc. 28 30 Yellow Jacket IT IS
Julla ~" M ¦;ri:
CLOSING.
LONDON, March 17.— HOPS, Pacific Coast,
3s 15d<54s 15d.
NEW YORK. March 17.— The Cpmmerclal
Advertiser's London financial cablegram sayo:
Although 'Stock Exchanre business did not
increase to-day, there was a better tendency,
forced sales In mines having ceased. There
were symptoms of bear covering. Consols
were weak, but apparently the only cause was
a few cash sales In 4 quiet market. American
shares were quiet, but business In this quar
ter was very small. London bought a few
shares in the street. ' - ¦ (,
Rio Tintos were down %. , , - ¦/ ¦
Copper statistics show increases of stocks of
731. tons, and of supplies of 1456 ton*. The
drop in Amalgamated Copper caused talk over
here that it is the American policy to break
copper, and New York sales of Rio Tintos con
firm this idea. It is . predicted that Amal
gamated will touch 60. - The metal was down
% to £53% a ton:
Gold Is off %d to '77s 9d.
• Silver rallied on small speculative buying
offsetting New York sales. . .
London Market^
English metal markets, reflected a ¦ decline.
Glasgow, closed at 52s 3d - and Middlesboro at
46s 4%d. ; " ¦ .
' IRON — Piglron warrants- were nominal. ¦ No.
1 foundry, Northern, $18 50@19 50; No. 2 foun
dry. Northern, $18@10; No. 1 foundry, Southern,
$17 5O@1S; No. 1 foundry, Southern, soft, $17 50
@18. -¦ • ' ' . - . .:.. '¦ -
SPELTER— Was also unchanged here and
abroad. New York closed at $4 35 and London
at £17 10s. .The market was steady to firm
here, but quiet and unchanged abroad.
LEAD — Was unchanged at New York and
London, the former standing at 4 %c and the
latter «t £11 Is.
NEW 'YORK,' March's 17.--An advance .of
about 50 points in the. price" for tin on" spot was
the feature in the New York metal market to
day. The closing range was $26 55@Z6 75,'; with
the tone firm at the advance. This "gain was
due to light offerings of spot tin and to a gain
of 7s Cd In London, which market closed with
spot at £114 15a and futures at £111 2s Cd.
COPPER— Was steady, but unchanged here,
with Lake at 12%@12%c; electrolytic. 12@12%c.
and casting at 13^12V4c. At London copper
was 10s lower at £53 7s 3d for spot and £5ii 5s
for futures. .-.¦•¦
Neiv; York Metal Market.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, '-¦ extra ¦ fancy,
20@22%c per lb, 15@17%c 'for' No. 1 and ~,«f
12%c tor No. '2; Rhubarb. *1@2 25 per box;
Green Peas, .from Los Angeles, 3@tic; Bay
Peas, 5©7c; String J Beans, from Los Angeles,
, including . "W ax; Cabbage, 40o per ctl;
Los Angelea Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per box and
$1@1 75- per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@
>1 Ii5 per. box lor repacked; Dried Peppers.
lOfillc per lb; Los. Angeles do, 13@17%c; Dried
Okra, 12%&20c per lb; Carrots, 35@5Oc per
t=ack: Hothouse Cucumbers. $1@1 60 per dozen;
Gallic, 1%i&2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers,
20@25c; Mexican do, 10@15c; Egg Plant from
Los Angeles, :- — *; Summer Squash. from Los
Angeles, $1 5O®1^75; Marrowfat Squash, $10®
15 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $10@15; Mush
rooms, nominal. .-. ' -. • , .
POTATOES— $1 25@1 40 for Burbanks • from
the river; Oregon Burbanks.- $1 35@1 70; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles. $1 35@1 50; River Red*.
*1 50@l 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 60@l 70;
small Burbanks, for seed, $1 20® 1 40; Sweets,
si to for Merceds. . . ¦ • 1 ¦¦¦
ONIONS — Oregons, $2@2 25 for the best and
$1 75@2 for lower grades; Australian, $3 50@
3 76; Green Onions, 50©00c per box. -
;; Rhubarb and Peas sold slowly at unsteady
prices, but 'Asparagus "held up well, owing to
smair.receipts-and the Eastern demand. Re
ceipts from the bay : and river were. 1 69 bxa
Asparagus.- 308 Rhubarb and 50 sks Peas." Of
ferings of Los ¦' Angeles Vegetables were more
liberal* and Peas continued to declfne. . Other
Vegetables. continued to bring good prices. -The
bulk of the Tomatoes received were poor and
some were practically unsalable. w, ¦•.¦¦.;
L The Onion market 'continued flxm and fancy
stock "sold without difficulty at' top prices. In
addition to y i the, rece-ipts •by^'steamery 2 . cars
were -received.: by rail:- V- '¦' '•'"•. *i*<v-'ii x-*,'.-"-' ,
River. Burbanks were; firmly held 1 , at an ad
vance,- owing to the scarcity: of. the | Oregon
article! The steamer , from Oregon [ arrived ' too
late to unload and no' business was transacted
on the : dock. The ; receipts per ¦ steamer were
6268 sks Potatoes and 408 sks Onions. Early
Rose -were".-. weaker, 'as offerings, are.~;plentiful
at '• the moment and large supplies are' ex
pected by steamer to-day. > Four, cars of Sweet
Potatoes came in. V, New Potatoes from Niles
E0ld^af6c fper lb. ; -Ay v:;; : : .'•¦.•;'. ..-:'V. J > : ..
Potatoes, Onwns aiid Vegetables:
Mail afirlers from New York cay: "There
•was noted to-day a fair business doing In the
more important descriptions. Spot prunes con
tinue In active request and ehow firmness on
the large eizes. A considerable business in the
aggregate has been done through the list, with
Bales cf Santa Clara 40-50s. new. In 25-lb boxes,
tip to 7c Offerings are, however, available at
¦"ie Tinder this figure, and outside fruit contin
ues to be quoted freely at 6%c. Eizes 50-60s
are reported a shade firmer. On the smaller
e!zes a fair Interest Is shown within the quoted
range. Offerings of old prunes, 120@140s, are
available In a Jobbing way at 3c In bags. For
large lots purchases are. reported possible
around 2%c and It is stated bids of 2%c have
been made, but so far as could be learned no
eales were made to-day at that* figure. Coast
advice* report firmness there on holdings of
new Santa Claras, with bids of a 3%c four-size
basis turned down on 40-00s f. o. b. Holders
ask up to 3%c four-size basis on 40® 50s. and
ar* reported Etrong at that figure. Old prunes
are offered on the 3c four-size basis. In raisins
the market is comewhat quiet, with a moder
ate Jobbing interest in seeded In cartons. Spot
views are g'ic to S%c on choice and 8%c to
S%c on fancy In 1-lb packages. London lay
ers are in moderate demand and offer In
eome quarters at $1 60. Valencia layers are
ctromrly held at from 7%c to 7%c In
currants a little more Inquiry Is noted, and a
few lots have been moved on jobbing account.
In apricots and peaches the demand continues
active and prices show firmness. Dates are
eteady and a fair trade is doing within the
«juoted range. For figs more firmness is re
ported in layers and bag stock and a fair
movement has taken place. Spot Interest In
nuts shows a little imorovement, with a con
tinued firmness noted in Naples walnuts. Spot
supplies are in strong control, with sales up to
12c. Filberts are steady and In moderate re
quest. In Brazil nuts we note a moderate in
terest at 6c for medium and 6«Ac for large.
fchelled nuts show a s-teady position and a fair
jobbing interest within the quoted range for
both almonds and walnuts."
Dried Fruits in New York.
Board —
30 Alaska Packers' Association 162 00
25 A la ska Packers' Association 161 73
' 10 Giant Powder Con SO 5O
20 Hana • Plantation Co' 3 75
35 Makawell 23 00 .
15 Oceanic S S.Co 40 80.
10 Paauhau S , P Co 11 50
$2000 S P of Arlzdna (1910) 114 62"4
70 Spring Valley Water 92 50
130 Spring Valley Water 92 37%
30 Spring Valley Water 92 25
Street —
60 Bank of California .......423 00
10 California-st Railroad ..170 00
Afternoon Session.
Morning Session.
The State Board of Trafie has mafle its an
r.ual Teport, Bhowlng the following shipments
In ten-ton carloads from California In 1901:
Green deciduous. 9367; dried fruit, 10,689; rai
sins. 4332; canned fruits. 8322; citrus. 82,086;
wine and brandy, SG04; vegetables, 9173.
Shipment Fruits, Vegetables, Wine
Sales. Hlsh. Low. Close.
Atchison 7.200 . 76% 75% 76
Atchtson pfd. ..:.. 1,100 97 96 1 /*! 96%
Bait & Ohio 23.000 106% 103% 106
Bait & Ohio pfd.. . 94
Canadian Pacific .. 6,300 115% 114V4 115Vi
Canada Southern .. 300 S7% 87 H, 87
Chesap & Ohio ... 2,100 4G% 45% 45"»4
CM & Alton ..,.. 500 30% 3"i& 35 *i
Chi & Alton pfd -: 75
Chi Ind & LouisJ. 800 6.'5 % 62 <32%
Chi Ind & L pfd.., 100 78"^ 7«% 78
Chi & E Illinois... 4O0 161 160** 160%
Chi & Great W...' 2.000 24 «£ 24 24V*
Chi & O W A pfd. 100 87% 87% 87 Vi
Chi & G W B pfd * 45%
Chi & Northwest.. 2.000 232% 232 231%
Chi R I & P 5.100 173 171 172
Chi Term & Trans. 300 1S% ¦ 18% 18%
Chi Term & T pfd. 100 35% 35% 35
C C C & St Louis. 600 101% 100% 100%
Colo Southern 6.000 28 26% 26%
Colo South 1st pfd. 1.500 72% 70 70
Colo South 2d pfd. 3,400 44 42 42
Delaware & Hud.. 300 171% 171 171
Dela Lack & West. 100 280 280 280
Denver & Rio G... 600 44 43% 43%
Denver & R G pfd.' 400 91% 91% 91%
Erie 400 36% 36ft 36%
Erie 1st pfd 900 C8Vi 67% 68
Erie 2d pfd 600 54% 54 64
Great North pfd... 200 187 185 185
Hocking Valley ... 1,500 70%. 70 70%
Hocking Val pfd.. 100 86% 86% 86%
Illinois Central ... .1,800 140% 140V* 140%
Iowa Central ..... 900 49% 49% 49ft
Iowa Cen pfd 200 82% 82%^ 82.
Lake Erie & W > -i. ..--.- ..ii- - C7- . •
Lake E &.W pfd. ..... 129
Louis & Nash 600 104% 104% 104%
Manhattan L 28,600 135Vi 134% 134%
Metropolitan S Ry. 2.000 168% 167V* 168
Mexican Central .. 1.000 30% 30% 30-
Mexican National . 4,100 20% 20 ¦ 20
Minn & St Louis .. 200 110% 110% 110
Missouri Pacific .. 19.100 101% 100% 101W
M K & Texas , 100 24% 2*% 21%
M K & T pfd ../ 1.SO0 54»i 64 53%
N J Central ....;' ' .... i§8
N Y Central 000 163 162% lo*2"5i
Norfolk & West.. 800 67% 50% 56%
Norfolk & W pfd .... 00%
Ontario & West.. 2,100 33% 32% 82%
Pennsylvania 4,800 151% 150% 150%
Reading ... ..;... 23.600 55% 04% B5U
Reading 1st pfd... 2,300 81 "4 80% 80%
Reading 2d pfd... 11.500 C7% 67% 67%
St Louis A 8 F... 2.600 63 01 li 62%
St L & S F 1st pfd. 200 84 83 . 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,200 73% 72% 72%
St Louis S W.... 000 27 27 28
St Louis S W pfd. 5.100 09% 5914 58M
St Paul 18,300 165 1C4 104%
St Paul pfd .;... .... 190
Southern Pacific .. 19.900 65% 64% C5W
Southern Ry 0,400 3.1 32 32%
Southern Ry pfd.. 2,000 97% 93% 00%
Texas & Pacific... 1.800 40% 39% 39%
Tol St L & West.. 000, 22% 2211 '»'»£
Tol St L & W pfd. 4.500 40% 40 40%
Ji n J°n Pacific 4,500 99% 99% 09%
Union Pacific pfd. 700 87% 80% 864*
Wabash 1,800 23% 2.*-% 23%
Wabaeh pfd ...... 10.600 43% 42% 43M
Wheel & Lake Erie- 1,100 19% 1914 inu
Wheel &LE2dpf ..... *".. * 311Z
Wisconsin Central. - 300 23% 22% 22U
Wisconsin Cent pfd 600 44% 43% 44
Express companies— '*
Adams ....*.. . . . . . ..,.. .... 20**
American ......... ..... •--• * -
United States """ "" tin .
Wells-Fargo '///, £93
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamat Copper 86,900 -65'i 61% 62
Am Car & Foundry 2,000 32" 31%, 'UK
Am Car & Foun pf 100 89% 89% toil
Am Linseed Oil... 4.300 25% 24 it 24 >A
Am Linseed Oil pf. 6. COO 68 ceii B*vf
Am Locomotive 100 32 81% Sir
Am Locomotive pf 3,100 93 93 u\
Am Smelt & Refln. 700 46% AQU 4GW
Am Smelt & R pfd. ' 9SU
Anaconda Min Co. 2,000 31% so" 30%
Brooklj-n Rap Tran 18.100 6C% 65% Cf.a!
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 4,900 95U. §7i? jV^
Consolidated Gas... 28.000 220% 2">4 22C
Continental Tob pf 6.800 12H4 ll 8 tSlh^
Gen Electric 1.900-312% 308 310
Hocking Coal 100 ntf 17U Jr.
Internat Paper. 4,500 21 «i 21 21
Internat Paper pfd. 1.900 76 7.'. 75*«
Internat Power 1,000 89% 89 m
Laclede Gas 100 90 90 ao
Natjonal Biscuit... 6.800 61 st 40T4 Kiie
S2ISSS S3?p«:: *S? « S - »? ;S||
Pacific Mall 1,400 48% 47% 47U
Sld'S-car:-. 1 : 800 1Oi * 100^ «g«
K!l'm\ a n S pS ar Car d : g
Republic Steel 1,800 18»i 17% iff
Kepubllc Steel pfd. 1,300 74% 7314 7!'*
Sugar 27,200 128% 12GU I2SV
TennCoal & Iron.. 2,000 m cs% ©#
Union Bag & Paper 100 15% 15% 151?
Union Bag & P pfd ....-* -fA*
US Leather...... 1.500 11% iiaZ i??
U S Leather pfd * ii?
, U 8 Rubber ,il*
U S "Rubber pfd..;. 100 CO no" ftfi
XI S Steel ...-27,000 42% 42% 4011
U 8 Steel pfd..... 21,000 »5% 051? • 93U
Western Union..... SCO 91%. 90% 91 v?
Total sales .... .004, 300
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — - : •• United Fruit 94
Call loans 3%«?4 Westing common. 87%
Time loans ...4 @5 Mlninzr
Bonds — Adventure 20
Atchison 4e 103H Allouez a«
Has 1st.... 83 Amalgamated ... <Y>
Mexican Cent 4s. M . Baltic .. 3214
N E Gas & Coke. 68 ' Blngham ".'.*. 2.3"/
Railroads — Cal & Hecla: . . 600 ' -
Atchison 76% Centennial ...... 18V-
Do nfd ........ 06% Copper Ranee ... 60 --*¦
Bcston & Albany. 204% Dominion Coal 106
Boston & Maine. 194% Franklin ........ 12%
¦Boston Elevated. 172 iRle Royale 17JA
N Y. N H & H.214 Mohawk ......... 331?
Fltchburg rfd ...147' Old Dominion .„ 19U
JJnion Pacific ... OftW Osceola . ..... 59
Mexican Central. 28% Parrot ...;;.„... 29%'
Miscellaneous-^- ¦ Qulney ¦......- 130
Amer Sugar ....128% Santa Fe Copper, sii
Do pfd ....;. .117 Tamarack .:.'.. ..185
Arner T & T 167% Trlmountain ....100
Dominion I & S. 43"4 Trinity '.......... 13« !
Gen Electric 311 United States ... 17%
Mais Electric ... 36*4 Utah.... ' 21 '
K E Gas & Coke. 4% Victoria ....;.... 6"i
U S Steel 42% Winona ......... Itl
Do pfd 85V4HVolverlne '...... . 60
NEW YORK MINING! STOCKS.
Adams Con . 40 1 Little Chief ..... 11
Alice ¦ 45 Ontario ......:... '7 50
Breece ............. 60 Ophlr ."..... 00
Brunswick Con...: . 08 phoenix. ............ Of)
Comstock Tunnel. 05 Potosl .'..;. i. ..::"' OH
Con Cal & Vs.... 1 25 Savage ........... 05
Deadwood .Terra.. -60 Sierra Nevada.... 12
Horn Silver «-l 40 Small Hopes ', W)
Iron Silver 7a Standard ........ 3 35
LeadvllleCon .... 03 . -:¦.,¦<
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
ruled at 4 per cent and over. Among the
Gould stocks and the Southwesterns generally
there was some agreement in a show of
strength. There was some profit-taking,- In
Manhattan, but it continued to show strength
on large dealings In common. with the other
local tractions. Baltimore and Ohio - and its
related soft-coal carriers showed strength. Out-
Eide of this the advances of thp railroad list
seemed to bs -of a special character, as those
by the Industrials. Sugar showed Increasing
strength during the day, and rose later over
Saturday. Other striking gains -were. In the
local gas companies, the, electric companies
and Continental Tobacco preferred. On the
*ther hand, there were a number of sharp re
lapses from recent high prices among obscure
railroad and industrial stocks. The liquida
tion In Amalgamated Copper continued very
heavy, that stock leading the list In point of
activity. Doubt over the maintenance of divi
dends caused the selling and little support was
accorded It. At an extreme decline of 3V»
the stock touched 61%. only about a point
above the lowest recorded price. The last
price was a fraction higher. The last prices
were generally ¦ below the best, owing . to a
movement to take profits In the final hour, but
the closing was steady. • ¦¦.••;••
Wabash debenture B's were active and
etrong, but the bond market generally was
rather quiet and irregular. Total Bates. $3.
330,000. . .
United States bonds 'were all unchanged on
the last call. . . ....
Previous prices rule for everything under
this head. . , ' * $ '
BEANS — Bayos,'. $2 40<"5"2 60; Small White.
$2 7503; Large White.. $2 40@2 75; Pea. $3 50
@4; Pink, $2@2 20; Red." $2 25@2 50; Blaclv
tye, $4(3i4 15; Llmas, $4 40® 4 65; Red Kidneys,
$3 50@4 per ctl. - ¦ ' ,
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, • $2 50@2 65; Yel
low i Mustard. '~$3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary,' 3%ctfor Eastern; Alfalfa -from Utah,
10%@llc;. California,: 10@10%c; Rape, lfctf
2*i4c: Hemp, 3%c per -lb.
DPJED PEAS— Nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Prices are higher las
follows: Bundles, per lb. 3%c; cases, Regu
lar. 4V&c: cases. Extra Large. 474c: cases.
Eastern style. 6c; Boneless, 5c: "Norway,'"
5c; "Narrow Gauge," 5%e: "Silver.. King."
7c; Blocks, "Orientals," 6%c; ¦ Blocks, "Sea
bright," 6 #c; Tablets. 7c; Middles. C%@3c;
5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, Oc; 2-lb boxes,
Fancy 'Boneless.. 7@8c; Desiccated.* per dozen.
80c; Pickled Cod, barrels, each $7; Pickled
Cod, half-barrels, each,* $4 25.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes aa follows, 'per pound. In 10O-lb
bags: Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.60c; Powdered, 4.35c;* Candy Granulated
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.S5c;
Extra C. 3.73c: .Golden C, -3.65c; "D/
3.65c; barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more";'
boxes, 60c more; 00-1 b bags." 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes
6c .per lb. ; No order taken for less than 73
barrels, or Its equivalent - '
OIL — California Castor Oil. In cases, No.-1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
76c; raw, 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 660 for
boiled and 64c for raw, in barrels; Lard. Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut, 67%@68o per gallon; pure Neats
foot,- in barrels, 70c; cases; 75c; Sperm pure
65c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c; cases 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for . Ceylon and
58%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,'
13y a c; • Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star 20c; Extra Star, 24c; Klalne, 25c; Eocene
22c; deodorlied ttove Gasoline, In bulk. 15c; in
cases, 21 %c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases.
20%c; S8-Cegree Gasoline, In • bulk. 20c; in
cases. 26%c. .
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon In cases. aad
61c In drums and iron barrels.
: COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $8 60;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend, $8 90;
Co-operative Wallsend, $3 50; Cumberland, $12
in bulk and $13 25 in sacks ; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthracite. $14;
Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk
and $17. In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according
to brand.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July, 6c; San
Quentln. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; ' Fleeca
Tw!ne, 7H@8c' ; . ¦. • -_¦ ;.- - .
General Merchandised
; LAMBS— Suckling Lambs, '$2 60®2 75 per
head, or . 5%©6c per lb livewclght; yearlings,
4V44f5c per lb.. '. .
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under C©
6%c; 200 lbs and over. 6%@>5%c; feeders. 5%c;
sows, 20 per cent oft; boars. 30 per centoit.
and stags, 40 per cent oft from the above quo
tations. . . • ., - ,
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrlnka'ge for cattle:- - • . •
CATTLE: — Steers, 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers
7©7%c: thin Cows. 4@6c per lb. ¦• > . -
CALVES — 4%@6tfc per.lb (gross weight).
• SHEEP— Wethers. 4H@0c; Ewes. 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight). -
. MUTTON— Wethers, 9®9%c; Ewes. SQBo per
pound.
> LAMB — Yearlings. 10@llo per lb; Spring
Lamb, 14@15c per lb. ¦ ¦
; PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%®9c per lb.
¦ - LIVESTOCK MARKET.
BEEF — 6%@7%o" for: Steers and 6®7e per lb
for Cows. ... •¦• > • ¦•.:"¦ ¦. ¦
. VEAL— Large. 7%@8%c; small, 8%@9%o per
pound. - -
! Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows: . • . . -. ¦ ¦ ., •
DRESSED MEATS.
j There are not. many Hogs' coming In, but
there ' are enough for the demand, which Is
light. Other- meats stand about as before.
San Francisco Meat Market.
\ Oilcake Meal Is lower. : Bran, Middlings and
Rolled Barley are unchanged."^' .
' Hay: Is \'i about; 50c. oft : in. the 'upper grades,
and, weak at the decline. are ample
and the crop outlook is good.-- •-..•• --•
!, BRAN— ?15@15 50 per ton. . f
¦ MIDDLINGS— $19@20 per ton. /
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled : Barley. $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal' at the mill, $25®26; Jobbing
$20 50®27; Cocoanut Cake," $20021; Corn Meal!
$31®32; Cracked ). Corn, $31 50@32 60; Mixed
Feed, $16017 60; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@12; .Wheat and Oat, $0@
11 60; Oat, $8@11; Alfalfa/ $S@U; Clover, $7@
8; Volunteer, *6 50® 9; Stock, $C@8 50 per ton.
STRAW — 40@65o per bale.
Hay^andr Feedstu ffs.
: HOGS— Receipts, '3400; 10c higher.. Light
and light mixed, $5 S5(f 6 35; medium and
heavy, ?0 25@6 45; pigs, $3 50@4 90; bulk, $610
©6 40. ¦¦--.-,¦ ; ¦ '¦'¦¦¦..:. ¦¦ -.
SHEEP— Receipts. 59S9 head; strong to 10c
higher. ¦ ¦¦ Western- lambs, $5 75@6 50; Western
sheep, $4 25#5 85. ¦- . •
ST. JOSEPH.'.. Mo..- 'March £ 17.— CATTLE—
Receipts,. 8200; steady to 10c higher. Natives,
$5@6 75; cows and heifers, $1 50@6 75; veals, $3
@6# bulls and stags, $2 50@5 50; stockers and
feeders, 52 25@5 25. . .
ST.- JOSEPH
SHEEP — Receipts, 14,000; sheep and lambs
10@15c higher. Good to choice wethers. $1 75®
6 50; fair to choice mixed. $4@4 75; Western
sheep, ft 75@6; native lambs, $4@4 75; West
ern lambs/ $4 2500 75. . ' ,•.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 38 JOOO; to-mor
row, 30,000 estimated ; left over, 4500. Market
for the bulk 10c higher; closed '¦ 10c lower.
Mixed and butchers, $6@6 50; good to choice
heavy, $6 35@6 55: rough heavy, $6@6 35; light,
$6@« 25; bulk of sales, $6 ir»©« 40. :
CHICAGO, March 17.— CATTLE — Receipts,
20,000; active and strong to 10c higher. .Good
to ; prime steers, $6 60@7 10; poor to medium,
$4 25@6 40; stockers and feeders, $2 50@5; cows,
$1 25@6 50; heifers, $2 50@5 75; canners, $125®
2 30; bulls, $2 50g5; calves, $3@C 60; Texas fed
steers, $4 75@6. . .'/•,•
CHICAGO
Eastern Livestock Market.
' ¦'¦ '".LIVERPOOL."'.- .'j • W.C' v ,- f »..-:''
'Wheat— : "¦'¦'- March. ;';• May. July.
Opening ..,....:..,' 6 1% . ,• 0 % - ' .5,11%
Closing .-...6 1%'.: r 0 % ./¦ ,6 ,%
• PARIS/ : .'..¦¦ ... : • ¦ '.. .;.-..
Wheat — •" -'' ¦ March. May- Aug.
Opening ....... ....2155 - 22 45
Closing ;....'... ..... 21 C5 ; . V 22 .40
Flour — ' . • ¦ -'. ¦ •¦ ' . v ' *
Opening;. ......;. .i:-...v.. 28.45 27 00..
Closing ....: •• 26 45 - ¦¦;/ 2750/
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firmer; creameries. 18@20c; dai
ries, 18@23c; cheese, firm, ;ll@12^c; eggs,
steady, ,fresli JL5c. - ... ' \ ¦
WOOL — Nominal
! HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12^@l4c per lb
for good to 1 choice. Local dealers quota 150
17%c fcr shipment. . . , .
.HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and, brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lO^c; medium.' 0@9%c; light. 8©8^,c;
Cow Hides. 0c for heavy, and 8c for light;
Stags, C^c; Salted Kip, 8c; Salted Veal, 3c;
Salted Calf. MOc; . Dry Hides, * 16c; ,Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip. 13c;. Dry Calf,'lSc; v Cull3 and Brands.
15c; 'Sheepskins,- shearlings, 15@S0c each; short
.Wocl, 30@60c " each ; medium, f 60@75c; » long
Wool. S0cC$l 10- each;' Horse Hides, salt, $2 75
@:t for large and $2 25@2 60. for medium,' |1. 73
02 tor small and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides
dry, $1' 75 for large, $1 25@1 50 for medium, fi
©1 25 tor small and 60c for Coltts. Deerskins
— Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c:. winter or thin skins, 20c. Goat
skins—Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
60c; medium, 35c.
• TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5 «®6c per lb:
No. 2. 4M.@5c; grease, 3@3%c.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Moderate, trading in heal stocks and bonds. S?
Exchangc and Silver as before- quoted. '
Wheat futures lower. Barley. steady.
Oats and Corn dull and Rye offered freelv local! \.
Hay 50c off. Oilcake Meal lower: •
Bran and Middlings unchanged, 'h- '¦¦'
Xoihing new in Beans and Seeds. , :' V : ':, ;
Butter weak and slozvly giving way. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs in ample supply and less steady.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Hogs in moderate receipt and light demand.
Pacific Codfish marked up. .
Potatoes and Onions firm and Vegetables weak.
Six' cars of -Oranges auctioned. Bananas easier.
Poultry steady. Game dull and lower.
NEW YORK. March 17.— Money on call was
firm at 3H@4Vi per cent"; closing bid and asked,'
3%@4 per cent. Prime mercantile paper, 4@5
cent. Sterling exchange was steady with act
ual business in bankers' bills at $4 87% for de
mand and at 14 S4%@4 85 for sixty days. Post
ed.rates. $4 86 and |4 88 &• Commercial bills,
$4 84V4@4S5Vi. Bar- silver. 54c. Mexican dol
lars, 43V4c.
Bonds — Governments, steady; States, inact
ive; railroads, irregular.
New York Money Market.
' LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols for I> & N..J. ...... .106%
money 03 13-16 M K & T 24%
Consols for .'Do pfd 55%
account ....03 15-10 N Y Central ....167 .
Anaconda ....... 6% Nor & West... ...- 58
Atchison 77% Do pfd 02's
Do pfd flpfc Ont & West .33%
Bait & Ohio...... 108 Bo Railway ..... 33%
Canadian Pac.:.. 117 V6 Do pfd OOVi
Ches & Ohio...... 4tJj<, So Pacific QQ%
Chi Gt West 24%- Union Pacific ...102
Chi Mil & St P. .169 Do pfd ...;'.... 89%
Denver & R G... 44% U S Steel 43T(,
Do pfd ...04 Do pfd 97*,
Erie : 37Vi Wabash 24^
Do 1st pfd 69% Do rfd ........ 43%
Do 2d pfd 55V% Spanish 4a ...... 78
III Central 143V4 - , ;
Bar silver. 24 15-lt5d per ounce. ..
Money, 2V6@3 per cent.
The rate of discount. in the open market for
short bills Is 2 11-16. per cent. ; V
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.
Pj S refunding 2s. I Hocklhgr Val 4'^s.lO8%
- reg .'..103 L & Nash unl 43.102k
. do coup 109% Meat Cent 4s .83
r do 3e reg .lOSM.i do 1st Inc.... 33%
do coup ........ 109H Minn & St L 4s-..103-£
do new 4s reg.. 139 . Mo Kan & Tex 4s. 99%
do coup .......13914 do 2ds ......... 82
do old 4s reg... Ill N Y Cent lsts. ..103%
do coup 112.. . dogen 3Vis....lO8X
do 6s reg i©0 - N J Cent gen 5s.. 139
do coup 106 North Pac 4s..... 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 105% do 3a .......... 74}i
_do adj 4« d3-% Norf & W con 4s.lO3'4
Bait & Ohio 4s...lO4»i Reading gen 4s.. 99J4
do 3%s 95^ st L &I M c 5s.H0
do conv 4s 107'/» Et L & San Fran. 1)8%
Can, South 2ds...lOS St'L'SW lsts. ..'.". O87I
Cent of Ga 5s.... 110% do 2ds ........ 80%
do 1st inc .78 P A & Ar Pass 4s. 91}»
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOSU South Pac 4s.. ... 04:<h
Chi & Alton 3Vfes.'S4Vi do 0s ......... .12V/j
C B & Q new 4s.. 95% Tex & Pac lsts. ..120%
C M & St P g 4s. 115 Tol St L & W 4s. 85
C & NW con 7s. .137% Union Pac 4s.... 108
Chi R.I & Pac 4s. 112% do conv 4s 106V»
C C C & StL g 4s. 104 Wabash lsts .:'..110Vi
Chi Term 4s..... SS do.2ds .........110%
Colo & South 4s.. H4M. ¦ do deb B ...... 76^
I) & R G 4s...:..103U West Shore 4s...ll3U
Erie prior lien 4*. 09 Wheel & L E 4s. . 91 Vi
Erie gen 4s S7U' Wls Cent 4s.. . ... '89%
Ft W & D C lsts.H2^,ICon Tob 4s. .,'.... C«%
CLOSING BONDS
- . MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are ' as . fol
lows, - usual discount : to the trade : ' Graham
Flour,- $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour,- $2 75: : Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream. do, $4;' Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25 ; H Buckwheats Flour, I ?4@4 25 ; % Cracked
.Wheat, $3 B0; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, 1 - $3 25; Rolled Oats - (fcarrels), $(i 85@S 35;
In, sacks. :f».50@S; Pearp Barleys $5; Split Peas,
|5; Green Peas, ?G 50 per 100 lbs. - ¦ >
1 FLOUR— California Family -Extras;/$3'50®
3 75, . usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon. • $2 75@3 25 per barrel , f or family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington - Bakers, $3©
300. ¦¦- '¦¦¦ -V ••',¦> .- s ./.=-;-,... ,- .,.-.¦ ;..-
Flour and Millstuffs.
Articles— ' ; -• . -Receipts.' Shipments.
Flour , barrels .20.000 23.000 .
Wheat, bushels ...70,000 .¦¦ -, 32.000
Corn. ¦ bushels 70,000. '-.' .*¦ \ 80.000
Oats, .-bushels r ...... ...114,000 08,000
Rye. bushels .......... -2,000 ....;...
Barley bushels . . . ..... .' 25,000 3,000
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9%c: three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, Oftc; two tlreces,
0%c; rive tierces. 0%o per lb. .*:. .
. LARD — Tierces quoted at 7*&e per lb for
compound and 10%@llc for pure: half barrels,
pure. HVLc: 10-lb tln«. UHc; 5-lb tins, ll%o;
3-lb"tlns7U9ic... . r,.,,. .--,.*
CURED. AiEATS— Bacon. ; 12c per- lb for
heavy, 12 %c for Hsht • medium. 13%c for light.
14%c for extra - light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern ; sugar-cured Hams, 12%©13c*. Califor
nia , Hams. 11%©12*,".c:. Mess Beef. $9 60@10
per barrel: extra Mess, $10 50@H: Family,
111 C0@12; prime Mess Fork. $15; extra clear.
$22 50® 23; Mess, $1S 60@19; Smoked Beef,
13v,@i4c per lb.
In" Pork. The San . Francisco market was dull
and -unchanged. ,'-.• > "¦'-'-.
BUCKWHli AT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctU
Grays, ?1 30@l 40: whites, $1 30iS)l 45; Sur
prise. $14O©1 45; .black. $1 12%@l 22% for
feedand $1"*22%@1 32% for seed; red, $1 80®
1 421$ • per Ct l. - . ; -,,_-._ •. .;...•.,,. , .
CORN— Chicago' reported .large ' selling, the
bulls letting go of liberal. lines, and willing to
let go of more..- ' -••,-' .../. " y? ¦" ¦ ¦'
r This market .was 'dull and unchanged.
' Large Yellow, - $1 35@1 " 5o; small . round do,
$1 85@1 CO; white,, fl 35(5)1 40 per ctl.
RYE— Quoted , at 05@07%c per ctl, with free
offerings in this market. • .
and.' steady; -'No. • 3 spring 'wheat. .73*}«®70%c;
No. 2 red.'-S2%c; No. 2oat3.'45V,®45»',c: Xo.
2 white. 46% @-t8c;- No. " white. 45%<"i47c; No.
2 -rye," 1 58c:'fair 1o choice malting ; barley,. <)6@
<$5c ; ' No; . 1 flaxseed. $1" "18 : .'. No; . 1 : North west
ern.- $1 72; t prime' timothy, seed.\$G 05;' mess
pork • per bbl. $15 23® 15 30; "lard. . per -100
lba '$9 30<g9 82%; short' ribs sides (loose),
$8 25@8 40; dry salted- shoulders (boxrd). 7%
<*J7*4c; short clear sides (boxed). $8 60(j"i8 70;
whisky, ' basis of high wines, $1 30; clover,
contract grade, .$8 75. '.','. -.' '.,".. " ,
THE -SAN FRANCISCO- O&LL, >TUESDAY,^MAIICH 18, 1902;
'Foreign Futures!
STOCK MARKET.
11
NEW .WESTERN" HOTEL.
B TSlnnerton;"-Peta- "
lu ma • j ¦ -
A B Wallace.- NT
E Lamb, St Louis
J Wolf.- Chicago :•"•
R F George & vf'.' Cal i
Miss J Smith.' Oakland
T. M Shaw;& w. San :
Bernardino. ;;•«.".. •*•'•;
Mrs A F. Miller, &.d; .
San/Bernardino.
E M Fink & w. MerceU
T A Lewis, 3 Rafael
W -H Fulton. Leaven
v worth r. ' , ,.
J Malroy. . Ingleslde
F J. White. Los An« .
N . Geteer-, Boston <; ; :
•Ed Russell. Vallejo*..
j-F'S Hosey.rsan Jose
Miss M Fahrenbach,
I, .Statue ».'.
STATIONS.
e
I
5
, ¦ • '' '.
¦ ' • ¦' ,-
i
K K O
E3|3 S3;
*§ • §
e 3 i I •
elf :~
n
P
Xetorta 90 BO 42 SW
B&ker «.^_..20.84 60 30 BE
Carson CS 24 SW
Eureka »«..30.36 K « W
Fresno ..—...80. oo 70 "40 Is'W
napslart 80.00 C* 20 E
Pocatello, Ifla. ...... 80 .... .
Zndependenco .29.02 66 36 SB
Los An«ele«.».29.«2 80 54 W
Phoenix —.^29.86 . 82 44. E
I'ortland 23,S4 60 44 SW
Tied Bluff— .30.02 «4 46 PE
XtoMtmrar — — 30.02 54 36 SW
Sacramento ..30.04 €2 48 S >
Salt Lake. .'...30.02 M 28 SB*
Ban Frandsco.30.10 68 48 W
Ban U Oblspo.30.04 74 44 N ;
Can Dleso 29.84 76 58 KW
6eatU« ... 29.86 50 42 SW
fpekane 1»> 2 C2 26 SW
»ah Bar 29.78 .'5S 40 BB
TITalla "Walla.. . 29.90 &6 34 S
¦Wlnnemucca .29.96 ; 56 SO SW
Tuma 29.80 "6*. 42 KW
Pt cidr .C2
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .02
Cloudy .O0
Clear .00
Pt Cldy 166
. Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloud/ .18
Clear .00
Cloudy- .04
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy 4 .00
Pt Cldy .00
. Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Bain .31
Cloudy .04
Cloudy 1.36
Cloudy " T.
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
1 Second Feet.
DATE " I 1901. "I 1903.
DATE.
tfarch 2... •••• 7080 S590
Jarch 3 <W25 3100
Harch4 5480 22S5
klarch5..... 648O 1900
rfarch 6 6480 -1900
tfarch 7 BJS5 174O
Harch 8 ;,.[ .4620 | 2605
Second Feet.
1901.
1902.
darch 2..,..
tfarch » ¦..
•larch 4...
ilarch 6 '
¦larch
ilarch 7.......;
.larch 8..........
449O-
4300
4110
2020
4110
4110
2700
¦I.-
440O
2034
138&
1310
1310.
.1310
. 1170
I Second Feet. -
1
t 1901. 1902.
¦ ¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ¦_ _\_ |
.larch 2 ' .• .. 1340
durch 3 321
tlarch 4.7....:.....":....".;. ...:...;. 228
.larch 0 ».. 204
kfarcl»'ft.V .*.•.... .'i. ..-;..¦..".. .. .;,..,. ;;18$-
ilarch?. ../...... ;.:... :^. : ; • 1*»
darch 8... . r '.. .V...... .:... .:......;[?, 183
1 Second Feet.
DATE " I 1901. "I 1903.
DATE.
tfarch 2... •••• 7080 S590
Jarch 3 <W25 3100
Harch4 5480 22S5
klarch5..... 648O 1900
rfarch 6 6480 -1900
tfarch 7 BJS5 174O
Harch 8 ;,.[ .4620 | 2605
Second Feet.
1901.
1902.
darch 2..,..
tfarch » ¦..
•larch 4...
ilarch 6 '
¦larch
ilarch 7.......;
.larch 8..........
449O-
4300
4110
2020
4110
4110
2700
¦I.-
440O
2034
138&
1310
1310.
.1310
. 1170
I Second Feet. -
1
t 1901. 1902.
¦ ¦ ¦¦ - ¦ ¦_ _\_ |
.larch 2 ' .• .. 1340
durch 3 321
tlarch 4.7....:.....":....".;. ...:...;. 228
.larch 0 ».. 204
kfarcl»'ft.V .*.•.... .'i. ..-;..¦..".. .. .;,..,. ;;18$-
ilarch?. ../...... ;.:... :^. : ; • 1*»
darch 8... . r '.. .V...... .:... .:......;[?, 183
STATIONS.
e
I
5
, ¦ • '' '.
¦ ' • ¦' ,-
i
K K O
E3|3 S3;
*§ • §
e 3 i I •
elf :~
n
P
Xetorta 90 BO 42 SW
B&ker «.^_..20.84 60 30 BE
Carson CS 24 SW
Eureka »«..30.36 K « W
Fresno ..—...80. oo 70 "40 Is'W
napslart 80.00 C* 20 E
Pocatello, Ifla. ...... 80 .... .
Zndependenco .29.02 66 36 SB
Los An«ele«.».29.«2 80 54 W
Phoenix —.^29.86 . 82 44. E
I'ortland 23,S4 60 44 SW
Tied Bluff— .30.02 «4 46 PE
XtoMtmrar — — 30.02 54 36 SW
Sacramento ..30.04 €2 48 S >
Salt Lake. .'...30.02 M 28 SB*
Ban Frandsco.30.10 68 48 W
Ban U Oblspo.30.04 74 44 N ;
Can Dleso 29.84 76 58 KW
6eatU« ... 29.86 50 42 SW
fpekane 1»> 2 C2 26 SW
»ah Bar 29.78 .'5S 40 BB
TITalla "Walla.. . 29.90 &6 34 S
¦Wlnnemucca .29.96 ; 56 SO SW
Tuma 29.80 "6*. 42 KW
Pt cidr .C2
Cloudy .00
Pt Cldy .00
Pt Cldy .02
Cloudy .O0
Clear .00
Pt Cldy 166
. Pt Cldy .00
Clear .00
Cloud/ .18
Clear .00
Cloudy- .04
Pt Cldy .00
Cloudy 4 .00
Pt Cldy .00
. Cloudy .00
Clear .00
Bain .31
Cloudy .04
Cloudy 1.36
Cloudy " T.
Cloudy .00
Clear .00
AUCTION !__AUCTION:
Stock of the FIopcs
Hale and Company.
• By order of MRS. ANAIS HALS, adminis-
tratrix of the estate of JOSEPH P. HALS.
deceased, we wl\l sell at auction on Friday.
March SI. 1002. at 12:15 a in., at room 22.
Chronicle building, fifty-nine thousand nln*
hundred and ninety (30,000) shares of the cap-
ital stock of the Flores Hale & Company. The
property of the Flares . Hale ft Company con-
sists of four million (4.000,000) acres of land
In Lower California.
f Terms of sale: Ten per cent on the fall
of the hammer, the balance on confirmation
of .the. sale by the Superior Court of the city
and county of Ban Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale.
• McGLTNN & MENTON.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
-'..¦' Chronicle Building.
'.**> WAIT! ¦-*»
150 HEAD OF D. MILLER'S HORSES.
•To Be Sold NEXT THURSDAY. March 20.
1902.
:.;.-*/. ¦ At 11 a. m. and 3 p. m.
All are found gentle, broken and will be.
guaranteed aa represented. We have testi-
monials from the best business houses in th»
city as to their value. It will pay you better
to give a fair price for a good horse than to
give a low price for a worthless animal. Horse*
are now on exhibition at 721 HOWARD ST.:
also at 1610 MARKET ST.. near 12th.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
WM. LAYNQ. Auctioneer.
ifv_ I will sell on March 13 at 1140 *v^
**-""» Folsom St.. 11 a. m., my entire Af-f^
stock of 10 express and peddling wagona, 2
surreys. 7 business buggies, 2 camp wagons. 5
carts, 1 Shetland pony and cart. 40 sets of
single and double harness.THE SAN FRAGNTGISCp; CA^LIi, TUESDAY; MARCH 18, 1902.
12
HELP WASTED— FEMALg— C«m. : _ :
A— 10 FACTORY, girls, short distance, ,50 cents
> fare, start to-day < and to-morrow, 6 weeks
work, 15 cents sn : hour, board $4 week......
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .¦•••• •'•!<>* Oeary st
A MOTHER and daughter.Tor 2 friends, be-,
tween 25 - and 35 years r old. as cook and
chambermaid and assist; .plain place; coun-
'( try: 20 men to do work for; $30 and $25 and
fare^aid. C. V: HANSEN & CO.. 104
¦ : Geary . st.' . - ¦ ¦ " -'
A WORKING housekeeper " for the" State of
Nevada; about fi , people to cook for; very
small wash to do; $35 and free fare........
: C. R. - HANSEN & CO ...... 104 Geary st.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO/8. ;Phone Grant 185. .
-.;..'.....V HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
2 waitresses, ¦ first-class country hotel,* fare
paid.:...... $25
2. waitresses, short distance, fare paid $25
20 waitresses, city and country ..... .$20-$30
2 chambermaids, first-class hotels, dty$15-$20
3 chm.to wait, country hotels........ $20-$25
¦ Cook and helper, boarding-house, country.$55
..Woman, assist In kitchen, -country.. $5 week
.. 1 Cook, country hotel '• . . .."...... $35
• Silver pantry girl, hotel, city .$25
Woman, , kitchen work, city ¦•....' .$20
Cook for men, short distance, fare paid. ..$30
..... FAMILY DEPARTMENT
A housegirl and companion to lady, $20, 2 In
" • family; : cook, Menlo Park. $30; . second girl,
-first-class place, city, $25; second girl, Oak-
; . land,- $26; houseglrl, 2 ¦ In family, mining
¦ town," see party here. $23; others
C. . R, . HANSEN & CO. ... 104 Geary st.
ALL kind of operators wanted to work In fac-
tory on , ladles' and children's • wear. ' 656
Mission st, third. floor. ¦•..--.¦-¦• > ¦_ .
EXPERIENCED woman to make beds; neat
.' and quick; wages $20. 'with room and board.
. Sherman House, 28 Eighth st.
WANTED— Girls to foldlhlrts: paid by the day.
Apply THE. L. ELKUS CO., 20 - and 31
Battery, st. (•
WANTED— A few good solicitors' for well-
I establiched class of goods; salary. Call after
9:30 room 82. 1170 Market St.
HOUSEKEEPER, 2 in family. 7-room house;
references required. Inquire at 1453 Oak st.,
between 10 and 12 a. m. '
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker; must be designer
I and talloress; steady piace; good wages. Box
4309, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' waists;
¦ good pay. C56 Mission Bt., third floor. .
A YOUNG lady for general office work; must
be a good penman. Box 4124, Call.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for light house-
work;' good home. 1105VS Howard st. "
WANTED. — Mangle girls and ironer. The
French Laundry Company, 3372 Mission st.
GIRL or middle-aged woman to assist in light
housework. 107 Fifth st. room 7.
WANTED — A girl to do light housework;
sleep at home. , 3360 Seventeenth st. .
GIRL to learn to wait table; small restaurant;
wages paid. 52 Eighth st.
EXPERIENCED waist and skirt hands want-
ed. 101 & Grant ave.. room 4. INFANTINO.
GIRL "Wanted to set type. ¦ 1008 Mission st.
A FORELADT ' and designer for ladies' neck-
wear. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome.
SEWERS and tuckers on ladles' shirt waists.
BAPER BROS. & CO., 21 Sansome st.
EXPERIENCED girls wanted. Apply bockl
bindery, 536 Clay st. ' -
WANTED— Good • talloress on -vests; steady
work. 504 Eddy sf
A YOUNG girl: assist light housework. 132
. Freelon st, off Fourth, near Bryant
WANTED — Good millinery makers. Apply
HOLM A NATHAN. 512 Market st.
APPRENTICE girls wanted on coats; paid
while learning. 1020B Folsom st.
EXPERIENCED salesladies, for millinery;
highest wages paid. 130 Sixth st.
NICE girl. to take care boy 8 years old; r«si-
dence Octavla st. Apply 130 Sixth st.
FINISHERS on custom coats. 304 Tehama
street.' ; . • . -
WILL treat free for wrinkles a woman over
40 years old; will also treat free for freckles
young boy or girl. Harris Institute of Der-
matology, 508 Sutter tt. ¦ -
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will. Instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
: of making overalls free of charge; will be
paid while learning.. LEVI STRAUSS A
CO.. 32% Fremont tt. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
"WANTED — Woman » assist light housework
Christian home; seaside: treated as one of
tho" family; nominal wages: no objection to
a child. Apply room 12. 1 227 Second st. . ,
FINE opportunity for bright, respectable lady
used to office work. $75 to $100 per month
guaranteed; $200 required.- 31S Kearny. r. 1.
LADIES and gentlemen for high class dra-
matic --iompany: w« guarantee to teach you.
Box 4101. Call office.
GIRL for general housework and plain ' cook-
ing^ 1440 O'Farrell st
COMPETENT girl for light housework: must
_be a jjood cook; good wages. 1180 O'Farrell.
GIRLS to sew on pants.- 110 William st., off
. Geary, near Taylor.
WAITRESS wanted. M5 Valencia st.
GIRL for general housework. Apply 436 Bart-
lett st, bet. Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
"WANTED — Experienced operators on .women's
muslin underwear:-' steady, work; electric
power; good pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Mar-
¦ ket st t 1 '
WANTED— Girls to sew shirts; a few begin-
ners taught; steady work; good pay. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 20 and 31 Battery st.
At PacificHairdressIngColIege.Murphy bld..r.94-
halrdressing.massage.manlcuring.wlge.&wltch.
etc. ;courae.$5;2 wks. ;posltlonsecured ;day ;eve.
WANTED— Finishers and operators on waists
. JUDA BROS.. 320 Market st. _^
THREE ladles to travel; well paying proposl-
-. tlon ; must be capable. 'Box 4225. . Call.
WANTED— Two experienced dressmakers at
•-.--•- 678 Twentieth St.. Oakland. MME. KRAFFT. -
YOUNG girl for second work. Call 2930 Sacra*
* mento st., corner Broderick.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' hair dressers and ven-I
-. tllators. . 40 Geary st. ¦- ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recei\ed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. • ' ]
HELP WAMED — HALE.
A— MURRAY, & READY Phone; Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M,. ........
Machinist for a camp $3 a day
Blacksmith for wagon work. $2 50 to $3 day
Blacksmith's help«r, ' camp ' :.... $62
Blacksmith's helper.* city. $1 75. a day; tin-
ner, $3 a day; 5 bloskmakers, paving blocks;
15 teamsters, farms and orchards, $20 ;. .V
. farm hands. $20 and $20; 2 Italian vineyard
hands; 4 ¦ dairy men; 12 milkers, different
dairies, $30 and $35; gardener, private place;,
$30; 4 choremen; boy. to herd stock; 'married
¦ man.'", no objection : to children, small fruit
ranch"; 60 ' woodchoppers, cheap fare; 5 la-
borers, $34 and found; 6 laborers, .no: expe-
rience required, ' $1 75 a; day; stablemen.
:; ..;.....:hotel department
Cook and wife, small mine, $4S and -found;
laundryman, country.»$15a week. >ee boss
here; 12. cooks, . city and 'country: man to
cook for few . men, - $20; 5 waiters; kitchen
help - , - .-* . . ' \: . ¦ '
MURRAY .:&; READY.. ....634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S . . . ... 1 04 Geary st.
...WANT FOR NEW RAIROAD WORK.:.
........... 8TATE OF, NEVADA .../......."
500 railroad Aeamsters. .....'...... . . .$2 a day
••' 600 railroad laborers.. $2 a day
V: 100 rockmen...-. $2 a day
10 stonemasons. ..'....'.'.. '.......$4 a day
FREE FARE.:.... SHIP DAILY
SHIP DAILY. FREE FARE
N......".....'. A TRACK GANG . . .. .;r.t ;7r.
• FOR NEVADA. ".'. . SHIP TO-DAY
: FREE FARE,.. . . ....'.• - • • • • • • FREE FARE
100 .tunnelmen . . '. .'. . r.$2. $2 50 and $3 'a day
For Chatsworth Park. : . . . -Ship Dally
Free Fare . . . . .... Free Fare ....:... Free Fare
C.R. HANSEN & CO... . . •• • -.104 Geary st
10 MEN' to < pile lumber, $2 day; 5 carpenters,"
' - city and country, » $3 to * $3 50 -. day : farmer
-and wife, $45; "cheesemaker and milker. $33;
• assistant, dairyman," $30; 8 farmers and vine-
¦'; yard ,;. men, 1 ,: $25; ¦ lumber grader, ¦ *60:- and
'; others. / J. F-: CROSETT. & CO.; 628 Saera-
. V mento st. - . .¦¦ , ; ;,V'*.! ¦ ¦ -
FIRST ! and - second cook, . steamer .work,' $40
• and . $25; . oyster.,: opener," $1 50 . day; - colored
: second cook for mine. $30;- colored waiter for
•mine.', $30; .'5- dishwashers, -different wages;
'cook; and wife,' family hotel,' $55; and others.
V^J.'F.' CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. : .
ANDRE'S office,; 316 8tocktonst.— Night cook,
' •• $45;, assistant cook,*; young man,' $45; second
cook, 5 $65 ; . night '¦ waiter, to ; take , charge I coun-
- : try -. restaurant," i $30; ' potwasher, £ $26; ' coffee
" and ' silver.. man. . $30; - German' gardener.' $25;
¦; ; stableman ¦ and , milk cows, .country, • $30,''. etc. ¦
WANTED^-By.'iaC.large;.wholesale.' h.0U3e, . an
office boy, about 17 years old; must have the
'" best : of ', references , and reside with * parents.'.
: Address,; In town handwriting, box 4214, Call."
' WANTED — First-class V / cabinetmakers. .6
-.¦'Nlnthrst.'^'* ;./'"•;.' -.-•;-..;;.¦¦¦ ¦,.¦...,..¦' ¦'.,.¦.-
CARRRIAGE; woodworker. -O'BRIEN I & SONS/
. -,600: Golden i v Gate;av«., ...:.•;. c. ....
HELP WASTED— MALE— k?on.~ '
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. . . . . .610 f^ Clay st."
FREE FARE. FOR NEVADA.
RAILROAD WORK. /
100 teamsters....... •¦"*.?* 5 a J
50 scraper teamsters ?- * °*^
50 quarry men.. *"'¦£« s iZ
Ship every day.. • Fee * x 60
For coal mine, fare advanced. /
r miners-^^^::::::::5^-^
For the redwoods. . K O »rd
i igsss 1 :---"----'-":::: :IS 32 SSSS
- i5 b SmSd 'laborVrv::::. . . . . .**> *** *»>***
!_• 60 tie and post makers, piece work.
Blacksmith, country shop *^, a f 5 l d i°day
Carriage painter, near city. . '. . . . .1250 * W
Experienced man to care dogs£30 and found
Gardener, country... **° * uu «4^
Farmer and wife, vineyard • * 0
¦ Man about place and wife VlTiWEo
German or Scandinavian farmer and wlfe.^u
2 plow hands, vineyard.. '..-• l.. o
German farmer for vineyard •?
2 milkers, Oregon, fare- paid..... -"J^a
Milker, Red Bluff • S^o
Portuguese milker, city Vi'Vd a'cord
2 woodchoppers, near city -*1 •>« * c °^
Molders' helper, city Vi «i «. div
2 section hands, Sonoma Co. . -. • • • *J, *° * ri T ,5
Butcher and slaughterer. country$-O ana_ra
Milker 18 cows and chores.. *;£
Ranch teamster, Oakland < '"I30 '
Eastern farmer, Alameda |^ 0
Cook for boat • | 2 5
Second cook 'for boat j,,v
Cook, boarding-house, city """*'l«
" Cook, boarding-house, country ***
WANTED-A steady man with *100fora plain
everj'-day business that will pay about $«w
per month; steady place; experience not re-
qulred. Apply 1016 Market st. room 10.
! WANTED— Coatmaker, also panta and vest
maker, to go to country: nearby town. v.au
Detmer Woolen Co.. 643 Market St.
¦YOUNG man. about 18 years of age; good pen-
man. Apply S. N. WOOD & CO., «18 Mar-
ket st. . ' ¦'.•'• ;
WANTED — A general blacksmith and horse-
shoer. Call 'at HALL BROS.*. 30 Main st
WANTED — In country. Protestant boy. about
14; good home; small wagea. Box 4244. Call.
WANTED— A waiter at 2002 Flllmore st; call
¦between 2 and 4 p. m.
PLUMBERS' helper, with experience. FRANK
H. MILLS. 327 Turk st. . -.- : ->
• BOY for office, about 14 years of age. 431
California st. room 21.
PARTNER In old manufacturing retail storey
. large .profit . Inquire 257 Fourth st.
A WAITER wanted at 560 Howard st.
WANTED — A barber for "Wednesday. Saturday
and Sunday. 605 Mission st.
WANTED— Experienced stock clerk. Apply
HOLM & NATHAN, 512 Market st. /
CASH boys wanted at S. N. WOOD & CO/S.
718 Market st ' ¦
WANTED— Carriage blacksmith and finisher.
2335 Pine st
YOUNG man with small capital can earn $25
a week; 1 to 4 p. m. 735A Ellis st.j
ALL around printer wanted at moderate
wages. 201 Hyde st.
A . GOOD, cake baker wanted. 486 Hayes st.
COOK wanted; boarding-house. 1563 Fifteenth
street. ¦
OPERATORS on custom coats. 304 Tehama st
WANTED— Easter egg maker and decorator.
Apply 12,60 Broadway. Oakland.
CUTTER, tailor and busher wanted. 2S22
Greenwich st. '
BLACKSMITHS for voyage north; come early I
to HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart et. -I
AGENTS on- raised photos; call and lnvestl- :
gate. 826 Sixteenth St.. Oakland. j
BARBER shop for sale — Averages from $120 to i
— $130 per month: established 8 years; shop]
- and flat of 3 well-furnlehed rooms for family j
of 4; rent $15: price $250; $100 cash, the rest j
$10 per month at 4 per cent interest' 1035;
Guerrero st. ' !
BARBER shop, 3 chairs. Berkeley, well fitted
and doing good business, can . be bought at
very reasonable price. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
BARBER shop, neatly fitted, two Columbia
1 chairs, splendid stand, can be bought cheap;
' cash or time payments. Stoltz. 723 Market.
BARBER — Two-chair shop for sale; good lo-
cation; room In rear; $150. Box 4242. Call.. '
WANTED— A : first-class ¦ cleaner., dry. cleaner
and presser; state references and wages.Box
05. Sacta Barbara. Cal. J
WANTED— Strong, reliable boy to carry out
orders; must work evenings: no Sunday
work. Bakery. 111. Larkln st . .
BRIGHT man to attend cash and office work.
$100 to $150 per month; $200 required. Ap-
ply 318 Kearny St., room 1. .
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
$175 cash; $17 week; steady place; no ex-
perience necessary. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
COATMAKER wanted to work In store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st. *
WANTED— Young man with $00, tend cash,
restaurant, $40 mo. Brown. 1221 Market st
WANTED — Second-hand on cakes. Ill Larkln
street.
WANTED — First-class operator and retoucher.
Apply. Tonkin's Photo Gallery. 1490 Market.
WANTED — Recruits .for tne marine corDs. U.
S. navy; able-bodied; unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
legs than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet ;
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
AGENTS wanted for the-De I-ery Incandescent
Gas Burner: good pay to energetic men. Ap-
ply to R. J. KERR & CO.. 220 Sutter st,
room S.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers in de-
mand: only requires 8 weeks: tools donated:
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. tO5 Clay st- . -
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
' that Ed.RoIkin, Reno House proprietor, still
v runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
.WANTED — Mei\ to learn barber trade: eight
weeks: tools donated: situation guaranteed;
' catalogue mailed free: discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles, Cal.
MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted; only
first-class men need apply; state experience.
Box. 4215. Call office.
COATMAKERS, pants and I vest makers and
bushelmen for country. Apply REISS BROS.
& CO.. 24 Sutter st '
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mai^
ket— 200 rooms. 25c nlghtr reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED-^-Flrst-clas! ladles' tailor: steady
I work; $25 a week. P. VERDIER. 834 Geary.
BARBER wanted for steady work. WM.
FRITZ. 112S J st. Sacramento. Cal.
AT 630 Market" st— Ex-soldiers to file extra
v pay claims; etc. O. E. HOWE.
WANTED— 50 men to take lodging in . Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard: changed hands.
WANTED — Boy. for wholesale. Address, stat-
" ing axe and experience, box 4182, Call office.
EXTRA pay now due U. S. "Volunteers. Call
or wiite Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st. nr. 5th.
YOUNG men' to learn barber trade: catalogue
mailed. . S. F. Barber College. 741A, Howard.
¦ PENSION atty., E. A. Buhls. 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. .3.
SAILORS. ordinary, tcr ships for all parts of
.•the world. V HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
, . HORSES AND WAGONS.
"t^ ~ AIT ; " " ~ """*"" """"" "
JUST. arrived. 25 head of large draught horses
¦ for r sale, : weighing, from : 130O . to • 1700; also
some bred driving horses; also 1 young Nor-
man stallion; will be 'at Sullivan's hay barn
on Mission, above Cortland ave., Friday,
¦ . March 21. . ••'.'• = '- .
A LOT of - horses for ; sale at Arcade Horse
- Market. 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons.
! harness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade
well broken carriasfe. wagon, work and drlv-
' ing horses -- of all grades, sizes and style.
. Santa "Clara Milk Co.,* 721-723 Howard: st
. SANTA 'ROSA salesyard — Horses, harness and
buggies 'bought nnd ; i f-!d, ; new stock always
on hand." 1490 Market ,«..: corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June ft. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST.Sec.. 510 Golden Gate ave.
. Largest stock 2d-hand. wagons.: buckboard. aur-
', rey.harness.work.driving horses. 15th&Valencia
. SECOND-HAND , business " buggy and 1 .--ton
; '¦- buggy;' bargain.; 1370 Turk st.
"' ALL klnds'of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
¦' . etc/cheap.; EGAN. A SON, 2117 Mission • st
I AN,-A,No.l express wagon.' single: also light
-. camping .wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
, PARTNER; half Interest livery stable; all new
' rigs; account other business.. 2125 Mission.
pmpljoym'ent^wanted-— female.
YOUNG . lady > wishes s position ; In- a • first -ciasa
confectionery. store; references. Address. box
:. J4220.V Call office. .,;. ?' . .
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call-at Eaton's Bazaar. 630 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
-received at Call branch, office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has ' been established at 1006
- : Valencia st. '" ....... ¦-'.. ¦ '¦:>'¦
E3IPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE: y
MIDDLE-AGED honest German man . wants*
a position; understands gardening, do milking,
clean windows on private • place or where a
1 good man required; general man all around;
good references.'; Address F. H., California
. Hotel, room 5, East Berkeley.' .' ¦-,-..*- ? :
YOUNG man from , the * East who • is able to
make liquor and • fruit -essences, . also bon-
bon flavors, owns -fine receipts, wishes posl- 5
tion. ; Flavors, " 724 '' Mission st, Niagara
_ House. • •-.-..• ' • ¦_ '_ .
GOOD all-round, man wants position in .private"
• '. place : understands ' care of honsesj. ; good
• driver; can milk and attend to garden; good
.';. references. Box 4213, Call.
GERMAN gardener (married), thoroughly com-
: petent In care of private place . or j green-
houses, wishes position In Oakland preferred,
references. Address box 3667, Call, Oakland.
WANTED— A position as lumber, checker or
I tallter for a lumber .company; 20 years' ex-
perience; in or out of the city. : Address box
4300, Call. y '.-¦ ¦-- ¦¦-- ¦--:'¦-.:
WORK wanted. by a man who Is partially em-
: ployed; chores about house; used tOrtools;'
handy aX anything; references; small wages.
Box 4243, Call.: , ; ' -j ' '-.. . '
WANTED-r-By a; young man, a position in
.wholesale house;'4 years' experience In gen-
eral merchandise; good reference. Address
box 4221, Call. .,/...¦;; ' - '-":-•
ENGLISH ' farmer's son - wishes position .on
; dairy or stock; ranc.1; have had California
experience;- with; view to- partnership; best
of reference. ".Box,' 4228, Call. * . ' '.¦-
MAN and wife (German) want to take charge
of place In country;'man experienced farmer.'
orchardist.'and • vlneyardist; reference. 237
Minna", st,'< In rear, house. No. . 14. -..'¦-¦¦ '.-
BY a middle-aged German gardener, a position
-.in private place;. understands care of cows;
references. Address Florist. 808 Valencia St.,
COACHMAN— Position wanted by a reliable
¦¦; young. Englishman; handy about place; ex-
' ccllent references. -Box; 4212. Call.
YOUNG hotel man wishes a position as clerk,
runner, porter, etc. .or lodging-house clerk ;
city or country. :. Box 3666, Call, Oakland^
COMPETENT young man, 24. desires position
. as driver. Box 4246. Call. '. '
"WHO wants a, bright young man. Just arrived
from the, East 'Box 4245. Call.
MAN would like situation driving team or
other common labor. 1532 Oak at., Alameda.
GENTLEMAN. I energetic and executive, ten
years, with the largest brewery in the South.
• is open for an engagement; speaks several
: languages; ~ willing to go to any. part of the
globe. . Box 4224, Call. ...
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
temperate and reliable all around florist and
gardener: single, age 35; life experience in
' all branches; references; private place. Ad-
dress S. G.; box 4226. Call office. -1
YOUNG man. clean worker, with some experi-
ence In - painting • and paper-hanging, wants
work as paper-hanger's helper. Address H.
PFL1TSCH. 217 Third st ---.¦-
HOTEL and barman desires position in" the
country- with hotel or summer resort; refer-
ences. Address box 4184. Call office. .
SITUATION wanted. by watchman: best of ref-
erences. Watchman. 421 Minna st. .
BAKER, sober, reliable, wants pcsltton; coun-
try ehop preferred. ' Box' 4217, Call. ; .
CHINESE first-class cook wants situation In
family; washing. .• 824 ' Sacramento st, sec-
ond floor. Lee Gung. .-'"•••' ¦'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received «t Call branch office. tgOO Fillmor* »t.
. '- ' , .EXCHAKOE. '..''.' ''_.
TCT7xclwnge-^A~f^< city lot for upright
- piano. 11 City. II. 1 square.
_j___. FIN ASCI AL^ Jilr^rS..^
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.) — We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and 'bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office., 507-8-0 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted: Inves-
tigate our 1 underwriting guarantee plan: write
. . us.' Pac." States Mining A- Invent. Co.. 328 Post.
FLATS TO LET. .
BAY-WINDOW sunny flat, o rooms. 28^4
Wrt Mission gt., bet." Twelfth and Brady.
FURNISHED flat;? rooms and bath; sunny
side; rent reasonable. 132A Fourteenth Bt. .
B^ROOM flat, 'newly fixed up; healthy ne!gh-
boorhood. 253 Pierce st, cor Page.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. .075— New upper sunny
. modern flat. 5 rooms and bath; no children.
SEE this flat: 'R rooms and bath; $11. 2922
Lacuna St., near Union. ¦'¦''"'
SUNNY upper flat,' 4 rmp.; grand view; yard;
adults; $11. 5 Lysett pi., oft Sacto., nr. Jones.
FLATS TO LET—FURNISHED.
AT a sacrifice, up to date downtown sunny flat
of 6 rooms and bath; newly furnished com-
plete;", latest decorations; carpets .and dra-
peries, etc. ; rent of i flat only. . $30. '¦ Call be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m., 790 Grove st, corner
Webster. . ¦' ¦ .¦" '. - ¦ •' -. :
BUSH. 1960— Newly furnished modarn flat: 8.
-rooms: rent reasonable. Call bet. 10 and 4."
* m^~ — ~— — — — -. — — — — •— » »^-^—^»^»^^— ,
FLATS WANTED.
FURTflaT"*} or 8 roomsTdVslrable locality for
summer; reasonable; no chll. Box 4106. Call.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED. .
8-ROOMED modern flat; Western' ; Addition; '
furniture for gale. Box 4202.' Call office.. "¦¦¦--
FURNITURE FOR » ALB. : 'I- -ij
FOR SALE— A great sacrifice: 6 rooms and!
bath; modern, sunny .flat, newly furnished
complete; carpets, and draperies: rent of. flat
only $30. Call between 10 and 12 a. m., 790
' Grove st.'. corner Wibster.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 60. with No. 7
¦ v range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE of a cozy 5-room cottage and
. rent of cottage; $12. 417 Stevenson st .--'-¦ .
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for CO days; special
reasons. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner, bldg. _
A. W0LLPE.RT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
y';.:';:' : : 'GLOVES.-;; , '. :
D7XF?^L^cir«ie^e^loveTb^BTTn^nT^orkn
warranted; kept in repair.; 121 Grant ave.
, .- j HELP ¦ '¦ >V 'AN TE D— FEMALE.
A— TWO ¦ more neat - young ladles ' for candy
. store, no experience necessary, $7 week. '.
-MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... 335 Oeary st.
25 WAITRESSES for. commercial, city, and re-
sort hotels, $20, $25 and $30; 2 chambermaids,
.¦ $20.-.-'' : ¦ ¦ •¦-. '.. ¦ •- ' .'
; MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. .;.... .335 Geary st.
'.TWO - waitresses,-' first-class restaurants, _" $7
• week, no Sunday work." •:'-.; ¦ ' ' :'
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. :. :'. '. • • • -335 Geary st
MIDDLE-AGED .woman to wash i dishes, small
place across, bay, 515 and' found.
MRS. M. E..DAY & CO: '.¦ .••• -335 Geary st
WANTED— Cook, no washing. 2 In family, $35,
¦ •see lady at office. 10 o'clock to-day;' 2 cooks.
¦ little wash, --$30; second-girl, country, .$30,
seellady at office' 11 o'clock; 5 < second-girls,
. $25, $20; French or German, lady's r maid,
$20; cook on- ranch,! $25; 4 restaurant walt-
; resses,- $7. . $8; 10 family hotel 1 waitresses,
< $20,'. $25; housework, •", Alameda. $25; 'Cook,-
small . hotel, short distance froni city, $30;
housework, $30; also a' large number of girls
: for housework at $20, ' $25, $30, - city an.l
country. Apply to J. • F. * CROSETT & CO..
S34 Sutter st. ¦ ' '\ ¦" ¦ '. - ¦..'.-' ' ¦ '^ '.¦• - ¦¦
2 LAUNDRESSES. ............. ...$30 and $25
'Waitress and parlor maid' .'........- :.$;J0_
.'-German : second •- : glrl. *n~.^',r.~.~ .'. ." — '. . . .$25
Second girls ...\.i. .... $25 and $20
. . 2 housework/'; girls '.......'.. ..."..$30
. .2 French second girls '. .: '. . : .'. . .$25 and $20
LEONf ANDRE," 316 Stockton ; st. ;
WANT ED-^-3 ' girls to learn I halrdresslng, ; mas-
sage, ¦ ¦ manicure, ¦ switch, wig i making, In '- 2
wks. ; - take , charge of ¦ private customers ; as-
• sui-ed $50 per mo. ; course $5; day, eve. : class ;
. 1 bring ad ;worth ; $1. . College,233 Geary, r.13-15.
WANTED-^ Young girl as ':¦ apprentice ' for I gen-
¦ eral' office work ; : proper.; party, will < receive ; a
thorough T ¦'. business •¦ education ; ; . wases ; ' paid.'
VAddress C. F. L.,'-218 California: St.. ; room 7.
STENOGRAPHERS.. don't neglect your: speed;
-' Join '. day. or evening ' classes ; i SOc ; week.'i* Cor-
-¦^ respendence Ex.', 027, Market st. rm., 301 -305.
WANTED— A* good' awning ;machtne; operator;
'.' '.none ibut ¦ experionced rjneed '/¦<¦ apply; ;•'¦¦ steady
...work; good pay.*. Apply 1139 t Mission st.'"', ./
GIRLS to sew. by. hand." 656 Mission st," third
- "r floor. -, { :'"-.-- *•'/?'¦'¦ = ':.'-" - : . ;' ¦•>'. ¦'"¦''¦' '" '¦; .
¦WOMEN ? to : take \ work 'home ' to . embroider by
hand; bring sample.'v 656 Mission st.T 3d 'floor.
CLAIRVOYAXTS~Contlnn»rt. r : :
MME. . ODELL. clairvoyant, card reader; : I past,
present.- future; L. 25c. \ G. 50c. 521 »£ Eddy.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents 50; readings dally. ' 132 Sixth st. - '
CLAIRVOYANT, • card readerfrom : Louisiana;
- only 10c: from 1 to 8. '262 Minna st.. nr.'4th.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
! send to SPAULDING'S. Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
American' Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relaid. 104 14th st; tel. Capp 3524.,
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop-
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st ; tel.Misslon 263.
CONKLIN"S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 12C.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74. ¦-
COLLECTION OFFICES.. .
COLUM^LTN^LavTand CoUection Agency, Cth
floor. 916 Market st: advice free. TeL Bush
194: able body of attorneys. ./' .
GEORGE XV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 027 Market tt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of. 4 rooms; rent $8. 1 Lombard at.
FINE cottage, 4 rooms, bath." modern. 218
Locust ave.. bet. Van Ness & Franklin; ?20.
NEW cottaee, 6 rm, bathj lot 37:6x100, in the'
Mission; will sail rental terms. 630 Clay, r.l.
:".¦ ; DENTISTS. -
A — DRT.S. HIGGINS. 827 Market St.. Emma
Spreckels bldsi — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other
fillings, $1; gold ' and porcelain -crowns, $5
' up; platea«»a full set of teeth that look nat-
. ural and guaranteed, $5 up. ¦
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best' crowns, plates, .bridges
and fillings: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful Eecret. painless method; 20 years
experience ; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed ; • lady ¦ attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st. .
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. S4 50
Up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
. gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S.. proprietor and manager. • •
A NEW plate-^-The Whalebone — cannot s break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c
plates. $5, full set; all work'painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.~
£EE my new plnk ; ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c'. Dr. Brown. 54 Sixth.
DR.R.L.WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext. 50c; plates $5 Up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set'Of teeth, $4;- crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st;
crown and bridge work;- gas specialist.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary 'st. ; expert
workmanship .only; reasonable; hours 10-to 4.'
SET of 'teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st ¦•,.-,¦ •
DRESSMAKERS AM) SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Cla-^s rates: patterns cut. 1019 Market gt.. '
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. .dog. soap by druggists
j or at the Hovpital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S SCHOOL" OF^L^CTRlCAlTE'NGi-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 21 Post st, S. F.;
- catalogue free. "
AYRE.S' Leading Business College. 723 Market
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand.'
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
V new typewriters; positions secured; cat free.
.HEALD'S SCHOOL OKi MINES.- 24 POST ST..
¦ -' S. F. — Thorough. courses; -complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night: catalogue , free.
A — The LYCEUM, an accrer"ted preparatory
: school for I the university. ¦ law : and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan: building.
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vi-e their friends to attend the GALLAGHElt-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School',
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
rtions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day.' eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates pertecteO.
i TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg..
1 .... ... . .
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods: positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. ,305 Larkln tt
'ALL Gregg stenographers secure positions; 14
good positions last week: rapid figures- a spe-
cialty. S. F. Business Col l<?(?e. 12:{(5 Market.
SPANISH, French, etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademy
of Langua?es.i)20 l'ost;ettab'<J 1871;ahlest prqfs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, : banjo taught In
class, $1 month. 1S36 Eddy; phone Pine 133.
MARY P.WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessens. SOc; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,'
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market. nr.lOth;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
KENT Law School; day and night. 554 Par-
rott bldg. (Emporium): send fcr catalogue.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY an4
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 21 Post St., 8. F.;
founded 1S63: new. 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short . notice. , Geo.
Kinoshlta. 1223 Page. cor. Lyon; teLFellS&Ol.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office — '
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st. : tel. East ?£&,*!
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeats.
Tel. Main 1997.' BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chine6e Emp.Offlce/ 415 Stock-
¦ ton; tel. Grant 168; expert., reliable help. •! .
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: teL Bush 130.
RELIABLE Japanese-C&lnese Employment -Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
JAPANESE ' Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. < 624 --Bush ¦ st. : tel. 516. -¦
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, 'Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;t<»l.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT .- WANTED— -FEMALE.
POSITION wanted by. a first-class cook; no
washing: best of > city- references ;¦¦ $35-$40.
Phone Main. 5306 :' call, J.F. CROSETT &
CO., . 334 Sutter st. ... , v . « ' . v. . . ¦
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do general
housework and " cooking; : wages' $20. Please
, call at 23 Lily ave., off Franklin st."
RESPECTABLE . younsr girl would like place
doing general housework in small family.
Call 74 -Shipley et.,: bet. Folsom and Harri-
son, off Fourth. " • V "¦ • . . ; t •
.WOMAN wants place; general housework; city
or country; small, family, adults; $12 to' $15.
i 704 Folsom et ¦.'-'-.¦¦¦'.. :¦'¦ ;
SMART young girl for light second work,', city;
no postals' answered. -% 113 «Wlldey st. off
Flllrcore. : " - ..••-.:• : -."¦; | - '-¦ ¦, .-V-.
SWEDISH laundress ¦ • wishes : . . underwear ¦ ¦ to
' wash at home ; washing , called ' for and . de-
livered. Address 1071 Howard ;st . V '
' STRONG "woman wishes ,~ work: ¦¦ office • and
hounecleaning; $1 - and carfare. Box" 4222,
'. Call office. ; -_ v . *'." i;:;;
2 AN. experience'd English teacher desires pupils;
"¦" copying, addressing -envelopes, and ; circulars
, . at home. . Call 'or address-- Teacher, .. 1236'
.Jeckaon st-^- ; . • . ' . ': ¦...;¦;.,•' _
NEAT.' girl wishes place ;. In", small " family ;for
housework. • Call. 33 Brosnan st, near Valen-
cia and Fourteenth.' '.: ' ' .••• •.''*.. ;"'
-LAUNDRESS wants work in family, or- hotel;
¦ call for 2 days-. , Box .4400, Call office.
RESPECTABLE girl '.wishes- situation' general
.housework small family.";.- 1022 Larkln -st.
" FRENCH ' lady . (native) . wishes pupils to iri-
: struct ; in : that language.' 1204 .Leaven worth,
' st. ;' reception hours 9 to ,10.a;'im,/,7,to 8 p. m.
WANTED-tAT* position', as ' housekeeper,-.' where
help "fs kept: city or : country.". : '. Address box
4486. Call-office...... V , . ¦.^-¦.•. ' : , .; ;
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per. night ; $1 60
to $6 week ; : convenient '• and respectable; ' free
. " bus and baggage to and' from 1 ferry." i2':.'.?i-'
- IIUSIXESS CHAJfCES— Conttnned. /
A— SALOON on city front, clearing $90 a mo.;
must be sold; $350. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third st.
•A — PARTNER wanted, with $400. In a well.:
established business that will pay v him from
$150 to $200 a month. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A CANDY store, manufacturing and Icecream
parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
SO minutes from' city; present owner been
. there 7 years: best of , reason - for selling;
$27&0. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st. . .' . :
A— SALOON on Third St., -close to Market; 2
years' lease; fine fixtures; $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third st.
A— PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market St., flne-
ly fitted up; doing fine business; owner has
ojher >usiness; $1200. . ROHLFS CO., 41 3d..
SOME bargains— McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market.
$225— Restaurant & oyster house; good, cheap.
$250 — Restaurant: good location; 10 more res-
taurants. $200— Saloon; $400, $600. $1200 sa-
loons. $175. $225. $500 cigar stores.
LOOK* out, laundrymen! | Steam laundry; part
for sale; good chance. McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st. ; phone Red 3433.
$175 — CIGAR store. In . good condition. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. J65 Market st.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
" kind; partners procured. STRAND & CO.v
209 Kearny st. ' . . .
A — $350; DELICACY store; 4 rooms: rent $20;
clears $75 month. STRAND, 2C0 Kearny st.
A— $1200; SALOON; clears $100 monthTTob
others, $150 to $3000. STRAND. 200 Kearny.
IF you are Eeeklng tafe and - profitable invest-
< roent. write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (.Co-operative) Association
(incorporated under New York State laws);,
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N.
S. HAND. Secretary. 113 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Candy store. ' branch bakery an-1
notions; business locality. Box 4299. Call.
A DESIRABLE partnership Is. offered to a
gentleman. with $250. Inquire 41 and 13 8th st.
FOR sale — Barber shop, 2 chairs; half or whole
Interest. Address P. O. box 408, San Jose.
FOR S.tLE — Very cheap; good paying cigar
' stand; good location; or will trade for sa-
loon. Inquire Call office.
CAFE NOME — Owing to the pressure of other
business the owner of a rich claim, 000x1320
feet, adjoining Dexter Creek, . offers rare bar-
gain; assessment work done; title perfect:
. terms easy. Particulars TOMLINSON &
CO., 40S California st.
YOUNG or middle-aged man. with push., abil-
ity, office experience and capital, to manage
office and learn management of business; can
invest money and become active member of
.' firm after thorough investigation: should
have at least $25,000. Box 4223. Call.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the sasfest and most profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent: explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
$ Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton st.
$300— RESTAURANT i and chophouse; flrst-
claes furniture; good location. D. McRAE,
837 Mission st. " v
BILLS, notes, etc.. collected in all parts of the
world. Cal. Commercial Guaranty Co.. 184
Crocker buildlnr. . .. B . .. '
$525— TAILORING on Market st.; full value In
sight; good will; cause for sale, owner study-
. ing mealcine; cheap rent G. Newton,759 Mkt
RESTAURANT— $4000; one of the -finest that
has ever been put up; a bargain for any busi-
ness man. Address box 4189 Call office.
MECHANICS' board and lodging house for
sale. Box 4460. Call. .'¦ ,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
H. C. DICKER. RELIABLE BROKER.
1020 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
18 rooms; 6th St.; nets ?65 $800
12 rooms; Jones st. : bargain €50
50 rooms; sunny corner; lease - 3500
10 rooms; Golden Gate ave. ; cheap. ....... C50
88 rooms; rent $425; lease: new; make offer.
11 rooms; Post St.; rent $40 $650
14 rooms; rent $30; clears $50 $700
Call before buying or selling. French spoken. 1
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
I 'WIXSTON & WOLF — r'
I 1026 Market st ...102B Market; St." ;
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; cor.; new furn.; payments,.. (lift)
20 rooms; rent $50; good furniture 1000
23 rooms; rent $C5; must Bell 1250
' 28 rooms; corner: cheap rent ....... .1500
20 rooms; rent $75: must Fell 1200
50 rooms; new; corner: rent $200: elevator.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. .(Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. .....
¦ • -.-We- furnish vacant houses and • .
Loan Money at lowest rates.
, . Something new every day.
New- houses to lease. • v.
A. CAMERON & CO.. : ~ ~~~. 3
850 Market £t. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, .23. Phone Bush 328.'
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call: we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
A — 75 ROOMS, near Market st ....$eOCO
22 rooms, $1300; 20 rooms, 51400; 56 rooms,
$2000; 11 rooms, 5400; 18 rooms, money-maker.
$1800; 100 others. 0 rooms to 220. $200 to
$13,000. KRASKY & CO., 1049 A Market st.
A — 18 ROOMS; sunny; corner; rent ?55;-part
cash. Room 16, 1049A Market Et. ¦
A — 10 ROOMS: good location; rent $30...' $250
20 rooms; oak walnut furniture; piano.. 1475
.16 rooms; 2 folding beds; new carpets.. 1250 j
20 rooms; bay windows; furniture oak.. 1600 {
18 rooms; rent $60; good location 1250 :
28 rooms; Oakland; rent $50: a bargain. 1100
•Bargains. DECKER & LARSEN. 921 Market.
A — Near The Call building.
..' .;..-,. ¦> • Telephone Black 1-8-O-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market St., rnw. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
TO BUY. SELL OR EXCHANGE
CALL ON '.¦'- -- •¦¦.- . .
A. H. RETSLOFF. Phone John 531.
UW Market St.. corner Ellis.
A — NOTICE^ — We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; 'get our
list first. MITCHELL fc CO.. 1206 Market.
$1600 — CENTRAL: 12 rooms; rent $60: clears
$70. Address quickly. Owner, box 4211. Call. '
10 ROOMS.' including kitchen: neatly furn.:
$275; rent $32; watetv f ree. 217 Natoma tt.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun., 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1CS4 Bush st.
MRS". J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings; $1;
letter, $2. 1104 O'Farrell Et; Ellis car.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. C05 McAllister ;10c; come, skeptics.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
J habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; eeance Sunday and Thura.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. ¦ 148 6th.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night. lCc: que3-
tlon circle Wed., 3 p. m., 25c. 132 Sixth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; teft to all to-night; 10c.
CLAIRVO YAATS.
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~ '
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 . Third st, next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
renlngs and portrays events. to occur in thfc fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, " discontented, un-
liappy or not satisfied' in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be tcld . how . to overcome
them. Valuable advice in al] affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction . guaranteed. Tel. Black ' 4509.
A— SOc and $1. PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,'
. settles lovers' quarrels, reunites - separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win mm
or woman you love; mail $1; s*nd date birth,
lock halr.6 questlona. 1007^ Market, nr. 6th.;
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-'
ket et., cor. Golden Gate ave.." rooms 25 and
28; take elevator.- Perfect. satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for, pamphlet
with tpeclal terms. Daily and Sunday.. . .
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to,
. .everybody; open Sun.. 10 to 8 p. m. 215H 6th.'
FREE! ¦ FREE! -• ' -FREE!
PROF. BROCKWAY. PROF. BROCKWAY,
1052 Ellis st. -bet Franklin and Gough. a
Readings free between the hours of 9:30 and
11 a. rn. Other,- hours, $1., .
ISMAR,. the Egyptian. Gypsy, clairvoyant "and
• palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, , 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m.' Sundays from 10 to 12 a., m.' - ;
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A EHIs; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
i ques.; full. names; POc-$l; 10 a.m..to.8 p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: buslnefc's
- advice; names given; 25c up. a- 5 Fourth st. . -'
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and- SOc. 704 Howard, cor. ; 3d.
MRS. MALLORY.' 017 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. :25c, Q. 50c.'
MME. , WALTERS, great : card : reader; : la. 25c;
gents 50c.' 951 Mission."* near 6th :¦ open -Sun.
MRS. JAOQUE. trance, sittings *& palmistry
r $1; card reading, 25c k 50c. 309 5th st. x , r.' 12.
HOITSE ?_ TO }^7_\
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FOR rent— Furnished house of ten rooms. Ap-
ply at 1114 Page st.. bet. 10 and 2; references.
$7 — 3 LARGE sunny upper rooms. SO Sil-
ver st.. rear. • ¦ - -
HOUSES TO LET—FURXiaHETP.
FURNISHED house. 9 rooms, bath and ser-
vant's room; near Alta Plaza: everything in
first-class order. Address BROWN, Call
branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
* HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house. 7 rooms: large basement;
yard; fine location; Portola, oft Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola.
HYG1EXIC HAIR TREATMENT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success; free consulta-
tlon. Room 39. Ltebes building. 139 Post st.
LOST XXD FOt'XO.
LOST — On corner Sutter and Polk sts., or on
Sutter-st. car, between Polk and Mason sts..
gold purse marked E. M. M. ; coin and chain,
In purse; finder keep coin and return purse
and chain to E. M. M., 90O Van Ness ave. ;
no questions asked.
I LOST— On Haieht-»t. cars or walking from
Market to Harrison on Sixth st, ladies' gold
watch, diamond setting. Initials L. F. K..
inscription Love, Memory. Friendship. - Re- '
turn or address R. K. ANDERSON. 123
Alpine st., and receive reward. -
LOST — $5 reward; pug pup. female, color light
brown, about four months old. Return to
2120 Broadway.
LOST — At Zlnkand's, Sunday evening. ' two
solitaire diamond and cne marquise turquoise
rings. Return or communicate W. D. R-,
1262 Market sf.. Oakland; liberal reward.
LOST — In or near Orpheuxn. night of February
14, 1902. lady's ElH belt, with gold buck!*.
Finder please return to 656 Mission st. and
collect $5 reward. s
LOST — Irish setter bitch; white on forehead
and chest. Return 1117 Folsom St.; reward.,
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calif or-
. nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. seeds old
. gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1897; reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilised; upfio!-'-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 413 Powell
it.; teL Bush 421. .
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows; window
shades. J.F. Hotter. 712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL. -^ -
A DR CDONNELL, world-renowned cpedal-
1st. -Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor- .
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief . In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinats
cases; free confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O' DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1013 Mkt. op. 5th.
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist:
' 30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'FarTell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 1228 Market st.: 30 years*
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician: 25
years' successful experience In S. F. - Ma-
ternity Home, 006 Market St.. op. 4th: fee low.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 111S Market— Reliable ladles'
I specialist: a private home before and during
I confinement; best medical tfare; low fees.
I HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
i method of treatment ;*tnateniity home; home*
i in corflnement. 1126 Market st., S. V.
\ DR. RuoEN. ladles' reliable and sincere spe-
j clallst. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
I DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— -FOR SALE. '
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MctN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
i 8 H. P. MARINE (Scotch) boiler,........*! 00
! 4 H. P. marine engine <steam) $73
8 H. P. boiler and steam pump ...$10O
"S « H. P. boiler and duplex pump $75
Sparking dynamos for gas engines $10
All size pipe cheap; all size belting. 1 In. to
... Off In."*Me.-HrS. WHITE. 13» 132 Beale.
A — BUYS, sells cr rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
I BAR fixtures- big stock; Installments: billiard
j and pool tables: easy terns- or rented. Thtt
! Brunawlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
J SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 38 bust; elegant
» quality; condition finest; cost originally $225.
} for $100 cash. Box 3806. Call.
ONE 25 H. P. steam engine power lathe. 11
1 feet, complete with tools ; good aa new. Box
I 4467. Call office. '
$13 — DOMESTIC se-winsr machine; S drawers;
- attachments; good order. 1571 Market St..
near Twelfth.
1 WANT to sell or borrow money on 3 diamond
rings, diamond pendant, diamond earrings and
ladies' gold watch ; no dealers. Box 4237. Call.
FINB automobile: will exchange for 75 H. V. \
engine, motors or real estate. Address box
36tS3, Oakland.
A— $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330" Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $63. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton St..
MOTOR cycle cheap: last; reliable^ nearly
new. Box 424". Call. ' ' ¦
FOR Sale — 2 very fine foxterrier pups. 242
Natdma St.. basement. -'...'
THE firm of Uncle Harris has retired from
business. ** '
LOT of fine antique mahogany, furniture: beds,
bureau, side board. 313 27th st., nr. Church.
FOR sale — Spaniel; broke land' or water; also
2 pups very cheap. 508 Post st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
pric*. C63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts,
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y. '
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Poet St.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
NEW home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2J-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 386 Mission st."
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. . BURKE. , 1 '» Beale st. ¦- ¦
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand. modern engines and boiler*.
• bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 0 Stevenson.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXT9.
TIMBER wanted— A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated so as to have a home market;
will pay stumpage or saw by contract. Ad-
dreas box 4484. Call office.' . ;-
"WILL -Day cash and good prices for old seal--
Fkins; address at once;. will call anywhere*
within 25 miles of city. Box 3276. Call office-."
BIO prices paid for sealdkln coats; also gents*
full dress and Tusedo- suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 484.
¦ WANTED — One billiard and one pool table-:
bargain for cash. Apply : The Racine. 501
: Post st.. cor. Mason.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
• theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S51.
I MUSICAL IXSTRVMKNTS.
ALL must go without reserve. Sale opens
1 Monday morning at 8. First callers will get
first choice of 150 pianos. Some special bar-
gains:
'. 1 Sommer t......$2S
1 Antlsell $39
; 1 Neuman (small upright) *55
l'Sherman & Hyde.... $3,"
4 Chickeiings from $135 to $235
3 Steinways from "..... .$135 to-$395
37 Heines from...... $185 to $595
SO new upright pianos exactly the ; same as
offered as bargains by others for $183 we will
sell for $98. . Only direct factory representa-
1 tlves on the Pacific Coast. Agents wanted
1 every whers. .HEINE PIANO CO..
. Geary at., opp. Union Square.
. THE Simpltx ptano player Is the most won-
> derful of. all piano players; it plays music
in such a way as tr» captivate the best
musical people, because Its playing is not at
all - mechanical, the . expression being perfect
1 - and the manipulation the simplest. Call and
" hear them play, and play them yourself, at
? any' time. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.l 769 Market' st. . ...
• ATTENTION.' BARGAIN-HUNTERS— "
1 Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
t Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
. Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
I pianos from $175 up. . BENJ. CCRTA2S &
r : SON, 18 to Z<y CFarrell. Chlckering. Mason
and Hamlin, Vose. . Sterling . pianos.
gAK FRAXCISCO CALL;.
BUSINESS -OFFICE of The San Franclaso
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
«intl! 12 o'clock every night In the year. .
BRANCH OFFICES — 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o. m.
C3& McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkln etreet: open until 9:oO p. m.
1»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 p. m. ."«'¦_
106 Eleventh etreet: open until O p. m.
4 1090 Valencia etreet: ot>en until » p. »•¦ _
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Btreets; open until 9 p. m. ' ..•.;
2200 Flllmore street: open until 9 T*.jn-___
MEETING XOTICES.
EVENING. March 18. at 7:30 o clock. T^C
stated meeting and R. A. degree. / »
By order rttt« H^P. pAy
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. SO; F. & A. m
M.— Called meetins THIS <TV vT VV
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o clock.
degree 2. By order of the W. M. /
oegree - E » DWiy u ME YER. Secretap-.
?^.CIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. & A. M., •
121 Eddy«.T me* ts THIS EVENING.
7:30 o'clock; third degree 7>/\
.' '*7^. GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. *^r y
CROCKETT Lodge No. 133. F. and A. ¦
M.— Officers and members are re- % f% r
quested to attend the «£««*! ft
our deceased brother. HENRY A. f^
STAUDE. on TUESDAY. March 18, at 1.30
p. m. By order of the W. M.
H. FORTRIEPE. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. &. A. -m
M.— Secend degree THIS (TUESDAY) JF±
EVENING at 7:.'!0 o'clock. /V^
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /V'
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204. <^«2Sfc
IOO. F. — MomberF, you aro
requested to attend the meeting =£§>ia~*§S?"
THIS (TUESDAY) EVENING. -^W*^ .
March 18: amendment to the by-laws and
ether important business.
J. H. ROSENBERG. N. C.
NOTICE to the stockholders \ of the Risdon
Iron and Locomotive Works Is hereby given
that. In pursuance of a resolution of the
Board of Directors of said corporation,
unanimously adopted at a meeting of said
board, held at the office of the corporation,
in the city and county of San Francisco,
State of California, on the 17th day of
March. 1902. a meeting of the stockholders
of the Risdon Iron and Locomotive Works
will he held at the office of the corporation,
298 Steuart Et., in the city and countys of
San Francisco, etate- of California (the same'
being the principal place of business of said
corporation and the building where the Board
of Directors usually meet), on WEDNES-
DAY, the 21st day of May. 1902. at ths hour
of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of con-
sidering and acting upon a proposition to
create a bonded Indebtedness of said corpo-
ration to the amount of six hundred thou-
sand (600.000) dollars. United States gold
coin, for the purpose of providing moneys
to purchase • additional property to complete
the works and extend the business of the
corporation, and for legitimate and neces-
sary purposes. By order of the Board of
Directors. i ¦ ¦
CSlrned.) AUGUSTUS TAYLOR.
Secretary of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works.
ANNUAL Meeting— Hutchinson Sugar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
Ing of the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Sugar Plantation Company will be held ' at
the office of the company. 327 Market St.. in
the city and county of San Francisco, - State
of California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March. 1302, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m.. for the purpose of electing a board
of directors to eerve fcr the ensuing year
8nd for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday. March 14.
1802. at 3 o'clock p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual rneetlnr of
the stockholders of the Western Sugar Re-
fining Company will be held -at the office o£
the company. :t27 Market fit., San Francisco,
Cal.. en Monday, the Slst day of March.
1902. at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose
of electing a Beard of Directors to serve for
the eaeuins year, and the transaction of euch
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will clo6e on FRIDAY.
March 21st. W02. at 12 m.
W. H. HANNAM. Secretary.
AGEVTS WANTED.
WASTED TIME — If you are a first-class so-
licitor and wasting your time in .some line
not worthy of your ability and energy, come
to os forenoons. 10 to 12. and we will show
you a proposition, the opportunities of which
are as broad as your ability. J. S. CAN-
NON. 31S-320 Parrott building.
EXPERIENCED solicitor only need apply:
large profit to right party. Call between 6
and S. 601 Winchester Hotel.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast: future predicted: readings
by mall if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn: consultation free;
no advance charges;' open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick; quiet;
no charre without success: established IK yrs.
G. W. HOWE. £50 Market ct.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; lowlfees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON, S19 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket rt. : eon«nilt«.tlon free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or Exeliange. .
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycle? fast: swell-
est thing out; agency Columbla.Monarch.oth-
ers: repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS. POGS. ETC
WARBLING canaries and all kinds ol song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock.
cages, grlobes. aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market st..bet-8th&i)th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREX^
A LITTLE girl to board, from 4 to 12 years [
of age; good home and care. Call or address
J. S.. 1238 Jackson «a.
¦WOULD like to care for little one; every con- '
venlence. Apply for 1 week at 382 Dolores st.
NURSE wishes children at lowest terms ; larg*
runny yard:phone; nr.school. 1607 California.
BOOKS— \E\V AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought : libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market: tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHA\CES.
$2500— CORNER grocery and bar; kept by pres-
ent owner 17 years; a first-class located and
paying business; good and responsible man
will Bnd a rare chance. .Call R. G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st. , , ' '.- .: t -
A — $300; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
$20; good place; 1 block south of Market st.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2C»£ Kearny tt.
A — $1400; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th Ets.; net rent $40; good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE, 26% ; Kearny.
A— $2500; CHOP and oyster house, near Chron-
icle; lease; place clearing above $250 per
month; death In family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — *4000; DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
rtore; established ytars;.rent $20; stock of
first-class merchandise: will invoice $3000;
business known as a first-class paying propo-
sition. Call R. G. WILKE. 2<S% Kearny st.
A— $850: CORNER saloon with 6 rooms: rents
$18; surrounded \ by planing mills, lumber
yards and railroad shops; clearing above $103
per month. Call R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A — $S50; HARDWARE and crockery store with
plumbing shop; on Fourth st.. near Market;
pood business; rent $20. Call R. G. WILKE
26% Kearny et.
JOSEPH STRAUS, '
S50 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
. Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
* Loans Nerotlated.
Legitimate Business "•
A — First-class butcher shop, with .. horse and
wagon: owner wants to leave city; good es-
tablished trade: price $850.
HOTELS — We have several fine ones to sell.
to sell, 4 paying gen. mdse.; good
towns. Livery stables; 2 large ones, paying,
in city. Groceries and bars; 6, good business
big pay. Steam laundry; fine business, large
town. Cigar, stationery and notion stores:
some good ones. All kinds of paying business
propositions. Also city and country real es-
tate. HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy st., S. F.
A — SALOONS; 60 to select from...... $350 up
Cigar stands n,.;;.., 225 up
Delicacy stores *....'. 250 -up
..Groceries and bars— ; 350 up
• Candy factories and stores :..... r 1100 up
KRAEKY & CO.. 1049A Market St.. room 10.
CIGAR stand; nr. 3 theaters; cheap rent.. $550
Cigar stands. $150, $300, $125. $200. - $125.,
Bargains. DECKER & LARSEN. 921 Market.
NOTICE to sellers — We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will. stand Investiga-
tion. P.- 6. de Luca & Co.. 318 Xearny, r. 1.
NOTICE to buyers — It* will pay you ' to call on
us before buying elsewhere. P. S. DE LUCA
* CO.. 31S Kearny et.. room 1. ¦"- ¦ • ;_-:;•
X (0 CIGAR ' stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $& daily; rents $6 to $125 montn.
I can sell you a first-class stand at" Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES.- 4C1-4C2 Parrott building.. .Josjph. Alexander Saatoncsd.
. of Representative* of Various -
Mission Districts..
Delegations from several of the im
provement clubs of the Mission district
presented the claims of the various sec
tions they represent before the Beard of
Public "Works ' yesterday afternoon at , a
special meeting held to consider the mat
ter of the appropriation to be demanded
from the Board of Supervisors in the next
tax. levy. .' These meetings will be held
each week' until the final estimate la
formulated. : .
George H. Roundey urged the exten
sion of Protero avenue to Fifteenth ave
nue south from its present terminus. Ho
said , It : was: a natural outlet, for > the en
tire " southeastern portion of . the eity. He
also presented . a' petition: from the Bay-
View, and University Mound Improvement
Club for a ten or twelve-room schcoJ
house in . that district, but was referred
to the Board of Education. MpMII
Max . Popper ' was given a week's' tinie
in. order to present the demand* of -the
Federation of Mission - Improvement
Cluba, which has a voluminous report "to
file.. •¦¦; • - ..;
P.* H: Cotter 6f the Eureka Valley. Club
and the West of Castro Street Club \irgw\
a changtrrgr.of^grades In. that vicinity. All
matters v/ere taken ur.der advisement. '
Board of Works Listens to. Dsmand.t
XMPKOyEMENT CLUSS
MAKE SUGGESTIONS
Da v Id. F." Walker (owner) with Kralghin &
Caice (contractors), architect W. F. Smiths-
Carpenter work for alterations to present build
ing making twelve flat.' 'on lot on N line of
California street. 1C6-.3 E.cf .Stslner, E OU by
N 75; $12,400. ¦ ! ,
Same ownfr with Thomas W. Butcher (cor.-?
tractor), architect same — Brick work, masonry
and chimneys for same on came: $1^20. :
Same owner with Alexander. Mennie.-(con
tractor), architect same — Plaster work for
same on same;.'$1752. ¦ - -
Same owner with Shepard Bros, (contractors),'
architect same — Plumbing for same on same;
$5075. .'.':-;. ' ¦....
Antonio Devoto (owner) ..with Felix Marcuse
(contractor), architect none — All work fox a
two-story frame building (two flats) on lot on
W line of Twelfth avenue, (Z S of Lake street,
S 7.5 .by W 57:6; $3400.
W. G. and Hattle E. Richardson (owners)
with ¦ George Ebcr (contractor), architect D.
F.. Ollrer— 'All work except painting-. \ tinting,
shades; finish, hardware, gas and electric • flx
turea and electric work .for a two-story attio
and basement frame building on lot on SE
corner of Frederick street and De Long avenue,
3 48. bx S IOC., W A 6B0; $77S0. .. ;', -.?-;•
Marararet A. Skelly (bww?r> with .Cahill &
Hall Elevator Company (contractors), architect
E. J. Vogel — One hydraulic ram. sidewalk ele
vator and one freight elevator for building on
lot on N line of Mission street. 77 :« from NU
corner of Mission and Third. 20 by 80; $1S23.
Builders' Contracts.
Same to same, undivided; half Interest berin
nlng at Intersection of W line 'of Park street
(as widened to 80 feet and paid 'line bein- 40
W -from and parallel with E line of divj«ion* be
tween Hibbard and Foley. tracts) and N line
of Bank street • (said last street 20 • feet ' wide*
JN 42.50. W12S.84. S 42.34. E 123.16, portion of
land: deeded to Nellie Liese, July 26, 18S2 Ala
meda; except same, as In first deed from Hlgby;
$5. •: '.. .'.'.>..-. .*>•?:•' .-v .¦-'•¦¦.¦¦ * . ¦ ¦ .. ¦
;-. : Same to same. Undivided half interest ln'lot
on N. line of 'Bank street, 150 '. E of -Oak as
¦ widened to f0 feet. etc.,. E 150 by N T9.ST.por
:tlon-of land deeded to i Nellie Ltese, :' July 26
1882, "Alameda; same i exception; $3. ¦-.'•'
¦¦¦-¦ Same to ' same, undivided half interest ' in ' lot
on 'NE. corner ¦ Grand street and Santa Clara
avenue, E 100 by N 60. 'Alameda ;,$- — . . •
s- Same to same, undivided half .Interest begin
ning at ; intersection, of N_ line of -county road'
between :Brooklyn and San Lear.dro.andW of
Liese . artenue, -NE . 130 by N W 125, portion of
•tract conveyed to first and second party, March
23," 1S0T, ; Brooklyn : Township ; ;• also except - 30
feet of N 6i.1eof county, road and 27.30 of Lieae
'avenue, same. , havins • been dedicated for street
purposes. Brooklyn Township; ¦$$.. •.
¦. ;"¦ Same to same. ' undivided half interest in lot
on '.W. line . of >¦ Liese avenue', distant, thereon
NE' 1218.98 ' from : N • Una of - county . road, ; be
tween "Brooklyn and San 'Leandro,' thence NW
70.39. ,' NW. 57.17. ' SW 10.T4. NW parallel with
county^'rend- '184.70,: SW . parallel -with -Liese
avenue - 24U.4 1. ;^ SE. - etc.. .' 300.70 ¦ to W line of
¦LI esc: avenue... NE -261.07- tb;bet;lnnln«. -portion-
; of land deeded to first and second party,' March
23,": 1807,- Brooklyn "Township: 1 , also same ex-.
,cepUori;iBrooklyn Township; $3. . v
-? Same, to 'same; -undivided' half Interest in lot
cn l \\": line ; cf Lltsi avenue, 150 NE from N
vSame to same.. undivided. half interest In lot
on N line of Santa Clara avenue. 195-4 w of
Park • street,' NE < 100 by NW. 34 :8, block 18
Map of. town, of Enclnaland lands adjoining'
Alameda; ?5. ¦ . , ¦
Same to same, undivided half interest In"' lot
on S line of Buena Vista avenue, 293 W of
Oak street, SIS by , W 55, ' block 38. < Man of
lands adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; exeeot 5
feet on S. side of said . avenue for street pur
poses; $5. TTfnrftBr'TrnriprjliTirfMi, . " ..-
¦;¦ r Same , to same, undivided half Interest be
ginning at intersection of SW line of Washing
ton avenue with SE line of • Treirloan Tract
thence E 144:2, S 35T. to fence on N line of San
Francisco and Alameda . Railroad :? land." SW
along said fence to SE line Tregloan Tract NE
483:8. to -beginning, portion of Hays and' Ca
pcrton Tract; Alameda; $5. " • •' • ¦
¦ Charles , F. • Nelaon. Amanda L. , and Harry
Anderson and Mrs. F.W. Westphal <by W. S.
Harlow. commissioner) to Dell C. - Woodward
(wife of F. J.). let 7. block F. map subdivision
block D and portion of block 'F. Revised Map
Prospect Hill Tract. (26 on Chicago avenue by
100). Brooklyn Township: $137. -
Alice L. Higby to Martha A. Cornelius un
divided half . interest In lot on NE corner of
Bank .and Oak. streets, as now widened to '60
feet. etc.. N 59.68 by E 100. being portion of
land described in deed .to Nellie Liese. dated
July; 20, 1882, Alameda; except strip 40 feet
wide of W line of. Park street ¦ 10 of N line of
Bank and S.C6 of E line of Oak, etc., for street
purposes; $5. . >
• A. B. Leach to Dell C. Woodward (wife of
F. J.). all interest In certificate: of sale dated
May . 24, . 1897, from W. S. Harlow, commis
sioner, to first party in re F. J. Woodward vs.
Charles F. Nelson et al. ,- .defendants, Brooklyn
Township; $10. '
John and Anna Stewart (wife) to F. J.
Woodward, lots 14 - and 15. block ' 33, map re
subdivision of Smith's subdivision of Mat
thews Tract, Berkeley; also lots -12 and SW
10 -feet 'of -lot 11. block B, Map Bella.. Vista
Park: 'also lot on SE lino of Fourteenth avenue,
115 NE of East Twentieth street, NE 185 by
SE 100, block 128, Clinton and portion of block
57, Map San Antonio, quitclaim deed; Ea.»t
Oakland; $10. .; .
Timothy Weston to Frank W. and Samuel H.
Western and Bethlah P. Thompson, all Inter
est in lot on E line of Adeline street. 150 N
of West Eighteenth. N- 112:6 by E 127, ibeing
portions of plats 330, 331. 303. Whltcher's Map.
Oakland; also property outside of county; said
property being acquired by decree of distribu
tion in estate' of 'Samuel T; "Weston. Lake
County, • July Jl6. 1S94; $t. • ¦ - .
Alameda County.
Fame to Alfred McLaughlin. let 52, b!ock
184, Central Park Homestead Association, $10.
Estate of Carl or Charles Klelnschmldt (by
John E.' Bouquet, executor) to Leontine Blum,
lot 1)8. block 25. Mission and Thirtieth street3
Homestead Union: $10. ¦
Solomon Goldstein to Reglna Goldstein. lots
It to 1G, -34 and 35. block 8, People's Home-
Etead Association; $10. -.
- Solomon and Dora Getx to. John H. Suill
van, lot on S line of J street. 32:8. W of Six
teenth avenue. -W 25 by 8 100; $10.
Charles and Jane Masinnis to Charles A.
Kushton, lot on NE' corner of. Tenth avenue
and Lake street; N. 38 by:E 120;. $10.
' Charles A. and Nettia'T. Rushton to Chirles
Maglnnis. lot en W line of Seventh avenue.
150 feet N of Lake street. N 25'by W 114; $10.
Edith M. Hall (Utter) and Denton T. Utter
to John Halloran and Mary Deegan, lot on
NW line of Harrison street, 53 SW of Lang
ton. SW 25 by NW 80; $10.
¦ Jane -Bohan r to Georg* ¦ D. • Larsen, lot- on ¦ B
line of Bryant street. 175 SW of - First. SW
25 by SE 80; $10.
William. Williams to The Peter Dean Com
pany, (a corporation), lot on NE line of Spear
street. 137:6 feet NW of Folsom, NW 4C:10
by NE- 137:6; $10. ' •¦' ¦ . .
Stetson G. ' and i Earetta B. Ulr.des to .Charles
L. Barrett, lot on W line- /Of '. Leavenworth
street.:3T:0 S of Green, S B0" 1 , by W CO; ?10.
William Linden to Annie M Linden, lot on
N line of Twenty-fourth' street, 25 W of
Vicksburc. W 50, N 114. E 75, S 29, W 23.
S 85; -gift. --•;- - - - ...-- — -• ¦-— : ":;'-:¦ -.'¦ '¦¦ ':
.'. Fannie R.- -Stowe (widow) : to u Joseph: and
MInr.a Haas. : lot on "W line of Sanchez' street,
63 feet N of Eighteenth. N. 25- by W 100; $10.
Elizabeth - C. McAfee (wife of C.-W.> to
same, lot on N line of Clay street, «$8:9 W'o*
Locust," W 34:4Vi by N 127:8%; $10.
. . Edwin McAfee to. Carrie K- Greenebaum
(wife of E.). lot on- N line of Clay street,
103:11,4 feet ,W of Locust, W 34 M& by N
127:8Vi: $10. ' ¦¦ ¦¦-. '
C. AV. and Marguerite. Hansen and Alexan
der and Milaah Bain to .'Bertha Isaac, lot on
W line of Baker street, 49:6 S of Page,.S
22 by W 100;- $10. . .. • , .: , "
R. ! E. and Lucy C. Ragland to William C.
Ackcrman, lot on N line of Sutter street. 37 :G
feet W of Scott, W 34 by N 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Anne
C, Taft.lct on N line of Sage street, 181:5
W of Pierce. W 25 by N 13T:G; $10.
T. Helen and William -Van Al™ and R. ¦ H.
Hazleton to Edgar Poixotto. lot on X line of
Lombard' street, 167 feet E of :Flllmore.- E
2U:«S by N 137:6; ?10. • .- " -
. James F,' and Caroline S. Houjhton to
Isaac Liebes. lot on 8 line of Broadway, 182
W of. Franklin, W 31 by S 100; $10." ¦ •
3lEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Rasa Sparks (administratrix estate of D3nnt»
Cullen) to Harry C. Barker. 160 acres. SE; H
of section 8. township •> south, range 1 B
(Santa Clara County) recorded March 15, 1902;
$310. - ¦ ,> ¦¦¦:¦•-
James A. or.J. .A. Trefry (single) to-- Louis
L. Francis,, lot beginning at point in center
line county road from Centervllle to lrvinstc-n
at . intersection by-NW line lands conveyed to
Harry W. • Emerson. 595 D 230, thence 3W
413:5 by NW 127:10. portion tract known aa
10M lands extension Mission San Jose, patented
to James. A. Trefry et al.'. A patents 4Si town
of Centerville. Washington Township; $3.
Augusta A. Baptista (widow) to Manuel A..
Nun«s;' 10 acres beginning at point on' S 11ns
of county ' road. N» 24S SW 7.58 chains from
W line lands of J. W. Jamison, thence SW 6.12
chains, SW 1.54 chains, thence leavtns road
SE 12.73 chains. NE 7.58 chains,- NW 12.20
chains to baginning-. EHen Township; $10.
Frederick A. Dodge (single) . to A. Carlson;
lot beginning at point on dividing line between
lots. 6 and 7. map with referees report, par
tition, suit -of. Harro!son vs. Renwick et> a!;.
Alameda. distant 9.26 chains S from N cirner
of said lot 6. NW 35 links. SW 120.20 feet. S>
35 links to dividing lines afor-.-aalrl lots c. and 7.
thence alone same to ' beginning, ¦ Brooklm
Township; $10." ' ' - ; ¦ ¦ ¦ •¦
Henry W. and Marjraret M. .Taylor t3 Charles
E. Black, lot on the E line of'Eilsworth street,
89:8 S of Blake. S 44:10 by E 127 :«. lot ltt,
block B. Map Leonard Tract, subject to agree
ment of June - 1. ISO.'!, and supplement of Jun«
12. 1893. Berkeley; $1O.
Horace C. and Annie 'L. Sexton to Jeannie
Cumberpatch, lot 12, block t!. Map Daley's
Scenic Park, Berkeley; $10. .
W. J. and. Grace E. Mortimer to .Tames L.
Swink. lot on E line of Shattuck 'avenue. 2t0.
N of Cedar street. N CO by E 119:7, lots It
and. 1 2. .,plQCkJJ»_aiap , redly ision block. 3. Antl
sell Tract, Berkeley ;' $10.
Homestead Loan Association of • Berkeley (a
corporation) to D. A. Macdonald. lot on N line
of Hopkins street. 130 E of Curtis avenue, N
213.50 to center of Cordonlcea Creek and at
right angles to Hopkins street. E 100. S 16C,
W 77.0S, bsins W'^T.08 fe«t of lot 13, -Map
Peralta Park. Berkeley; $3430.
Hermann F. and Josephina Thiele- to .Walter
and Cornelia Welsh, lot en S line of Virpln^Si
ftreet,. 114,20 W of West, W'3S:by.3 133.C0,
lots A-15, block 11, map block 11, Curtia Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Wells,Fargo & Co. (a corporation) to A. D.
Wilson, lot en S line of Forty-Hfth street, -80
W of Market. W 50 by S 100. let 15. bloc!:*
2104, Map Alden Tract at Temescaf,- Oakland;
$10. • • . , .; - .•- . •
P. McO. McBean to Sarah II. llollahon. - lot
on 3 W ¦corner of Durant (or Eighteenth) street
and Broadway, S 37^.0 by W. 05:9^. blDCk A,
Map Fountain Place, .Oakland; $10.-
Elisabeth Corrigan to Dannlel Corrigan (hus
band), lot 13. block 730-B. map redivislon^block
740 and portion blocks 739. 727 and 72*.' Oak
land; gift. . . • .
Q. W. and'Abbie- B. Fisher to Pur«1 Sound
Lumber Company (a corporation) SS SR feet
of lot 3, Ma:>:l>e!ler'a Rose Park, Oakland;
Frank "and Ella Boskowlta to J. Gent, lots
5 to !), In block C. . bounded " by Lily. Racino
and ' Thorne ' streets. Humboldt or "Telegraph.'
aver.ue, Roberts & Wolfaklll Tract. Oak
land; $10. • •
H. B. and Susie L. Beldeh to Ernest T. Hot
lingsworth, -lot on S line of Milton street 100
"W of San Pablo avenue. ¦ W 25 by S lf!O beini?
B half of lot 11, Map Milton Tract, Oakland;
lie. ; ¦ ¦ ; ;¦-••. *",•'¦/ > -. .-; -J
Mossurood Association (a" corporation) ¦ to
Charies N. Wood, lot 82. being: 46 on Ter«ffraph
avenue. by 110 on Grant avenue (now Tatrtyv
seventh street). .Moss wood Tract. Oakland: $ 10.
E. A. and Martha J. Halnes to Fred W.
Bridge, lot 10, block B, Amended Map J.-W.
Crawford Tract. Oakland; $10.
Same to same, undivided % interest In ; lot
beginning- on the N lino of county road betwon
Erooklyn.and San Leandro. 125 NW from in
tersection of. the sajne with W line of Liese'
avenue, thence NW 125 by NE 100. being a'
portion of trdct deeded to first and second
party.-March 7, 1899. except 50 feet of -N side
of county road and 27.C0 of W lln» of Lless
avenue, etc., Brooklyn Township: *5. ¦•• - ¦•
Same to «ame. undivided V, Interest in lot
on W lln* of Liese avenue, distant NE 4'JT.U
from ,N Hoe of. county road as above, thence;
NW 300.33, NE 287.42.' NW 71.37. NE 125,
SE 71,37. SW,(!1.82. SE 30».70. SW 520.50. be
ing a portion', of >land deeded to first- and sec
ond party, March/ 23, 1S07, except 00 feet, etc..
Brooklyn Township; $5. . ¦
Same to same, undivided" Vt Interest In lot
on the E line of Grand street, SO N of Santa
Clara, avenae, .N 45 by E 1C0. Alameda; $3.
Same to same, undivided Vi ' Interest in* lot.
beginning at a point on the N boundary of
tract (described in deed to first' and ¦ second,
party. March 7, 18900 at intersection of bound
ary line drawn parallel with and 1211.00 feet
distant (right angle measurement) from«>? line
of county road between Brooklyn and San Lean-'
dro. said point of Intersection distant 125 W on
course NW from W of Ltese avenue. NW
123.33, NE 11(5.75. NW 2O.C7. SW 1 53. 66. SB
184. 70.. E 10.74 to beginnlag. Brooklyn Town
ship; 55. ¦ _ . . ...
Same to -same, undivided ».j interest In lot 8.
block , H. Map Alameda Station ' Homestead
Tract. Alameda; |3. .
Same to same, 'undivided Vi interest in lot
en the E Iln* of Oak street (as widened to «i0,
etc.). 29. f 8 N of Eaok street. N 33.60. E 130. .
S 79.37. W: 50. N 33.6S. W 100. being a portinn
of land deeded to Nellie Liese July 26. 1S32.
except 40 feet. Alameda: $5. - • - •
Same to same, undivided V* Interest Ar> lot
or. the S line of Buena Vista avenue. 2o0 W of
Oak street, S 92 by W 43, block 3». land* adja
cent .to, Eneinal. except 5 feet on south aid*?
of said 'avenue for street purposes. Atameda: $5.
¦ Same to same, undivided i-.interoat la lot
10, block S3, rr.ap made by James Strattpr-i'
Original Town of. Alameda. Alameda: $5.
Same to same, undivided '/i' interest in lot
on W Una pf .-Park .street (as widened to SO.
etc.). 42.50, N of. Bank street. N S7.17. WM.J2.04:
S 37.03, E 128.84. being a portion of land
deeded .to Nellie .MJesp.: Juty 2C>. 18S2, : except
a strip 40 feet wide, etc.. Alameda; $5.-
Martha A. Cornelias to Alice L. Higby. un
divided Vt interest In. % of an acre bosflnnins'
on dividing ilne between tract3 .formerly known
as Hibbard .&"Fole'y' tracta of Eneinal. San
Antonia. at a stake 25 N from th» center lint?
of the Eneinal Railroad, thence NE 1C0. etc..
E 21 .1:5 to stake -o N " from ' center line of said
railroad, which stake forms SE corner of
above * tract, W parallel to R to \ biglnnlns.
beinp S portion of A 1-arre tract known as th2
Cummins* tract, Alanieria: $.">.- ¦ ' .- .>*JBb|H|
Same to same. - undivided half Interest biwttv
r.Ingr on N -boundary Of tract as fn'".di>ed r .trom*
Nellie A. Lieae to first and second party herein.
March 7. 1899, at' intersection by line parallel,
with and 1354.01 from (right angular mea?ure T .
ment) N line of county road, bottveen Brooklyn
and San Leandro..' said point of intersection be
ing SCO. 70 W on NW course from W line of
Liese avenue. NW 73. S3. SW 35S.:!a,SE "1.37,".
NE 33S.1S to begmnffig; Brooklyn Township:'
Til TlWW^^Ti 'W i \n \ kf wjfiii iiil tMi 1 »f Wfcfftjni'iW ',i
line of county road, thence NW 3C9.3G. . NfT
23T.41.-SE 3C0.53.. SW 281.41, portion of land 1
deeded to first and second party as above, same
exception. Brooklyn Township; $5. ¦¦ . : ' J
THE ;? SA^ I^&NCIS^
13
. Unltea States District, JudSf tie. Haven
yesterday. sentenced- Jorieph Alexander^ ti>
pay a- fire of (30.ax;d tobi trrprlaocei tbif
ty day s. In r^e County 'j aft for concealing
and ¦ taking;' ivrenty-eight silk . cap3, that
,hacl been.aniuggled.by the Doric. A stay
of three days ,was : allov/ed la ¦ which to
nrpnare an aDae^l. -"'¦•
ALTHOUGH " many seemingly, "advantageous
provjcsitlor.s are offered in the way. of prices
and terjj^? upon pianos, please, bear In mind
thet.we.c2.n r.ot only duplicate them, but can
offer <»sceptionally fine pianos and lar^fest
aFFcrtiner.t of best makes to choice from
SHERMAN. CLAY <t CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kcarny. an <i. Putter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth Ets.. Oakland.
ANY piano scl<! by us taken back any tlm*
within 2 ytars. and full, purchase price al-
lowed on a new pe*rte*«< Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to- buy- a
piano from us. --K0HLER & CHASE 30
O'FatTfll rt.: cetabllFbed 1S50.
AUCTION'. AUCTION"? AUCTION! "
Everything muRt go; PIANOS are polling
like hot cakes .for-t-tora«e. $40 up. \VIL-
SOS'S STORAGE, 1710 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. -pianos; Byron Mauzy pianos-
Letter pianos: Splelmann pianos; Ceclliari
perfect piano player; pipe organs. • SOS ¦ 310
312ycst st: '- , u ' .
SMALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. ¦ SIM);, square piano*. $35 up- v B
Ofitneron. walnut case, almost new S^s"
Bowers & SonJ 23 5tn St.. Ivers & Pond agts!
DECKER fc SqN. Wissner end Fviumeister
pianos, as well as mar.y good eeconJ hand ln-
etruments at TJAUVAIS'. 769 Marker st.' -
UPRIGHT piano. splendid bargain- best
renting pianos in city for $3 per month
SCOTT-CURTAZ FIASCO CO.. SCO^ayes st!
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
barcain prices from $85 up. F.' W r SPEV-
CER & CO.. comer Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward : values beet . in the cltv. PIERCERS
PIAJTO FACTORY. Market. 14th aid Chureh!
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
ALLEN. CO.. 931 Market st. •-¦•
ABSOLUTE sacrifice— Beautiful tone high-prado
upright piano; going East. Sll O'Farrell st.
3 READING pianos. Stelnway. Chlckerlng"
Weber, other mtk«, at FAT'S. 1729 Mission.
2 B ¥ R^N rR Mit:' 2 t'gpgst p^ O8: bargalP ' :
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
ST iSr?, R . IOR rtthers, old and ney* H.
maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
MOXEY TO LOAJf.
A— HERMAN MCRPHYrcOl-602 Examinerbde
...... ...$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates....
— •-..On First and Second iiortgagcB.. ....
........On Life Interests In Estates........
• Property Belns Held In Trust
. . . ...Undivided 1 Interests In Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
.........IF YOU NEED MONEY
6ee HERMAN MURPHY. C01-«g Examiner.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAX CO. <Inc.)
$300,000 at S4 and 6 per cent In sums to suit:
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
eecond mortragCB, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Red S024; 7th floor. Crocger building.
A*.*Y AMOCTfT AT 6 PER 'CENT.
First, pecond and third mortgages..........
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get piy terras before doing business elsewhere
R. MeCOLGAN
........ .2* Montgomery et.. room 8.........
ANY proposition, ajjy amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third morts&pee, estate* in pro-
bate, interest in estates; legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interest*, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
ilUXICIPAXi Lean Offloe." 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et.; -phone Red 1603.
. HIGHLY . resoectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry.' at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4«»
Market et. ; .teL Main 1644. Branch 18 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery »t.. room. 7, opp. JAck House.
tZ-0^,000 AT « per cent, in Bums to eujt In city;
$150,000 on large ranches, at fair rates; sec-
ond roortgs. R. J. .Mercer & Son. .412 Pine..
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture nr pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowett rates. BECKER. 36 Geary Et.. room 36.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; ncreraoval: low rates; conflden-
tlal. "WHITEHEAIV (Wllson'sT. 1710 Market.
S. PV DISCOUNT AGENCT— Loans to salaried
- people on their note.
THE TOUSLET CO..... ...143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; rellabl»-party. 1170 Market st.. room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc. by private
party; no removal: no commission ; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory, bldg.. 201 Jone».
J1O TTP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
party. 6t. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan; etop pay-
Ing rent. MURDOCK. SU Pine st.
ONE ¦ per cent on furniture: $8 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. L
Money loaned, salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CAEH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. M0RRELL. 609 Examiner bids.
3% ON- furniture and pianos: fl5 up; no.re-
moval.- Phone Black 1709. Room SL 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
.strictly private. LICK, 118 McAllister st. .
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 809 Phelan bldg.
MOXEY \\\AVrEP.
W AKTZD— $1000 on suburban lots; county ln-
terest. Bo* 4496. Call office.
MIXES AAD MiattSG.
THE grandest chance ever offered Is now open
i for a good party to act as director In opening
k the "Wabash Mine." near Amador, on mother
lode, -near Keystone mine. Room 406, annex
to Call. S. F. ¦ ,
' OIL. " _
OIL tanks, 2r.d-har.fi. in (rood order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale et.
PAiyTEItS AJfD DECORATORS.
Booms papered $3 up; painting & tinting tfener
Ha rtrr.en Paint Co., ai» 3d et. ;. tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRT.
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13 The Vendome. 1104 Market
et.; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. -700
Post St.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837. "
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 515
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black 561.
PERSONALS.
WANTED — Whereabouts' of John Smith, who
left Amxmans. Rhode Island. 15 years ago-
left Fresno, Cal.. 2 years ago for Farmers-
ville. Address James F. Smith. 333 Indiana
• ave.. Toledo, Ohio. • •
AN elegant line of remnants for cults to order
fit; with these suits .we make an extra pair
cf pants free ef charge; other suits on lnstaii.
i meets. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
j^n. between Seventh and Eighth. • • . •
'WANTED — A man posted on Eastern lumber
and ¦ -..hingto business - with $25,000 capital to
purchase a complete ' shingle and- finishing
plant on Humboldt Bay. Address N. H
PINE, Eureka. Cal.
NOTICE — Will the gimtleman who aeBleted the
Iad3' in drug store who was thrown from car
Thursday. March 13. 0 a. m.. kindly com-
matticaxe with her. 2337 Howard st.
WHY guess? You can be certain of f-tyie and
fit by using- Standard Patterns; Audi pat-
terre snd The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic efflce. 1021 Market. nr.Cth
ELECTRIC light in every- room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooma;
75c to Si SO per eight; $1 CO to M per week;
¦ free 'bus ar.d baggage to and from th* ferry.
COMPAEE nay sw-itdics with others; I only
keep the best; hair for $1 50. ?2. $3: ha'r
dressing-. 25c; sharr.pfK '.nir COc; balr dried in
10 minutes. G. LEDEREn. . 123 Stockton st.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. la
JEUle. makes colored shirts to crder; $1 each;
eame.as white shirts; telcctloa 800 "patterns.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, rtngle, three-quart-w
or double. $2 2.'.. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO. . 1 3K»- 131 2 Stockton ft., near Broadway.
Electrolytic 'removal of moles and ruperfiuour
batr: pernutnect: palnlei>«; free treatment;'
work guaranteed. Mltw.C Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
A tchoo! to learn hairtfressinK. hair work, niar.-
icurlni;. Manhattan Hair Store. 1702 M»rke»r
bet. Polk aod Van Neys. MISS A. V. DOYLE. -
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
fUctric needle, MISS EATON. 1119 Butter *>t.
A—ZV your hair J» failing or you are bald cail on
iq I>r.O S.M<w.r«?..~;?O"FaiTen: f*nd .for circular.
Mr*. BrttG'S — Superflucus ha Ir, moles' At gtroyed
byelectrlcity. 1719 Buchanan "tel.Larkli? 3171."
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 10
rears' exscrlence. J. B. RAY. 457. Minna" st.
ROOMS ATO^E^V^-Fnrn^ Unilnrn.
A— FREE list.' fXirnlshed rooms ' to .'let; with ¦ or
'without 'board; ' we; save- you' '.walking I the
".-/streets.: Tourist Renting Bureau.- 10 Montg'y.
A— BRUNSWICK . House. .14S - Sixth— Rooms.
'25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per wetk. and
'light, housekeeping rooms;; open all night./":
¦ ¦ CLIFFORD,': 204. Ellis. , cor. ' Mason— Elegantly
- furnished .sunny .rooms; prices reasonable. > '
! EDDY; '¦ ll-^-Nlcely ; furnished ;sulte, .' $15; >also"
I > • large, sunny ..rcom..$10. >:.. . ....-'. v .:. ..¦-,.•'.'
1 ELLIS 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furnished : rooms, ;
' ¦ 85c. U 50 night;,?! 5O'\ $6 ,wk. ; open all night.
; ELLIS, 1184, — Elegant ', sunny- unfurnished
rtxim.' , ¦¦¦- - : '"¦."•¦*• ¦'''¦'. "¦'" •¦' ¦' ';., -"' : -
GEARY 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish- .
;¦. ed suites and single.: travelers. accommodated.
GEARY, 483— Several well .furnished rooms to
v let. '.••,;-."¦¦ -¦¦-. .-¦" ''¦' ¦ ¦'¦ - ¦..•¦¦ ;
GRAND SOUTHERN .Hotel. 7th"ahd Mission— r'
Family house;- those requiring, a quiet, orderly
." home at moderate charges: sult,3lngle;elevat. ;
HOWARD (fHi-^— New house; free gsas; : running
. - water; from $1 25 week '. and ;ari->,'.. y.
LARKIN.' 119— Elegantly; furnished . rooms; ( en
. suite or single. . J " ¦ • . ¦' '.:. > '
LARKIN, 819%-^Sunny' front room; gas. bath,
phonfe ; per month; ¦ gentleman: '.'.'. '.- r: r ; ¦ .
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome .suites;
private baths ;newly furnished ; single rooms.
1 MASON ~ ¦ 502— Front sunny outside rooms,,
down "town, '$2 60 a week. .-.. .,:•;..¦;¦
MINNA, 667, corner 8th— Newly. furnished bay-
• window room; $1 per week ; transient.
NEW. ARLINGTON, 11015 Market — Nicely fur-
/• nished rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up. ,
ROYAL House,- 126 Ellis — Incandescent I light,
reading-room, • smoking-room and ladles' par-
• lor; rooms '.per night. ¦ 35c~ to $1 50; week, $2
¦ to $8; month. $8, to $30; elevator on grOund
floor;, rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec." lights;. day, week, mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House.. 28 Eighth St., .
near Ma*et— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER," 717— Furnished j double 1 parlors | sult-
.. able for offices.- ¦ • *•'¦•" ¦ . . ; ;
TEH AM A. 331 — 2 large Eunny furnished rooms
. to let;, also housekeeping- rooms; . . .
TWELFTH, 111 — Lurpe sunny frcnt room, com-
fortably. turn; phone, bath; prlv. faro.; reas.
Vendojne. .1104 Markets-Changed hands; newly
' renovated; turn, suites." Mrs. V. W. ; Miller.
2'LARGE sunny front rooms with' alcove: run-
ning- water, bath.-. suitable for 4 or 5. adults;
¦ furn.V or unf ur. ; central. .. Box 4227, j Call. .
A BRANCH office for.Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been ' established " at .-1096
V.Valencia St. ,-",'¦¦••;¦
CLASSIFIED advertlsftments and subscriptions
• .-.received at Call ."branch office. 2200 Flllmore. "
'- , * 'BOOUSf ASD BOARD. ;r ¦-':.
CO-OPERATIVE homes, -jfos. ' . 2 and; 3. for"
self-respecting, .low-salaried working girls.
'"'$2-60 per week, board, and; lodging; refer-
ences. Call at or address - MISS FLORA
." BOLLINGER. 645 Folsom st. '-. ¦ '" • ." . '
MEREDITH; 21S "Turk— Sunny front 'rooms;
•lectrlc lights;, hot and- col<J water; modern;
- first-class board; reasonable ;phone South 820.
FULTON. 23 — Room ! with •¦ or .'. without board .
for, gentleman, ... .¦'»/:. ¦ "... " "," ">-"*.-'>' '^
NIARAi'* 615 Taylor— Sunny -front and back
suites ; • excellent"- board; -terms,- reasonable. ;
VAN NESS, 015 — Large Bunnyrm;- grate; run.
water; couple, $45— 3 suit. -terms; ex. board.
VAN NESS," 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites, tlnglo rooms; first-class table board.
JOHNSON. The,- COS .O'Farrell— Nice home;
" good table: epaclous grounds; rates moderate,.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
• family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates,
.' PROPOSALS.:'"',;; " "'... \ '
NOTICE: TO CONTRACTORS— Office of the
Vetef anV* Hbnis " of [ California." room -13," 820
Sansome st., San Francisco, Cal.— Under and
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the [Veterans'. Home, located, at
Yountvllle, Napa. Coupty. Cal.,V and.appro-
-prlatlng ?25,000;- therefor, (approved; March
26. 1001." Statutes. 18.0),^ mss. 823). ar.d in
accordance with the '¦ resolution of . the board
' of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia.,- adopted October 12, 1901; - the board
of .directors, of,, the -Veterans' t Home of Cali-
. fornla' hereby -, invites and .advertises .for
sealed proposals tor furnishing the materials
and performing, the labor for- the 'erection
and- construction' of said hospital buUdlng.at
the* said -Veterans' Home at- Yountvllle, Napa
. t County./ in accordance , with j tba plans, de-
-" ecrtptJonif,- • WH»»«ml'-epe«Wcfttions 'prepared
7 -therefor- by George ¦.T.-d» J ColmesnH, -archi-
. tect; and that contracts ¦ based .upon such
'sealed proposals will' be. let, made and en-
tered Into;, eald plans* descriptions, bills and
. specifications enn be seen and examined be-
. tweah the hours of.O a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
' .m. .of each, and .every- business 'day.-.from
the date hereof - to the date ' of said contract
or contracts, at the office .of the said dl-
.- rectors of said Veterans* Home, room '. 13,"
320 Sansome st., : San • Francisco. 'Cal. ••"• •
Separate bids will 1 be received and separate
" contracts let I and i entered Into as herein-
above set "forth, for "each -of the 'following
' parts of eald buildlns:.' erection or structure,
• including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
act entitled' "An act \ to regulate contracts
.on behalf- of tne State In relation to erection
of.: buildings" ¦• (approved t March •¦ 23. 1876
Statutes.. 1875-6, page 427). and the acts
-, amendatory ' thereof, : that -Is to say for the
¦ following .parts. 1 namely: ' -.
¦' --First, .for the.masonr'y work,;" including" all
brick, stone, terra eotta and concrete work.
.-Second, for .the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and. glazing work. ,\ . . .
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the. tinning, galvanized iron and
elating work."- and •-.- :.. ¦- ».. . -. ¦¦ ... . .
Sixth, for the painting and eralninc- i
Said work as herein provided" f Qr compris-
ing the administration • block.- and the two
frcnt wards as shown on- said plans, descrip-
... ' tlons. bills , and., specifications, including the
' furnishing of" materials and the necessary
labor therefor.'.. -'•:
: The work is. to .be done under the suo*r>
' vision and direction of Isaac H.' Small and
•¦-•; the, buildings and., grounds and' the hospital
-• committees of. said Veterans' Home .actlnc
for^and* on 1 the behalf its - said board of
',' directors. ¦ ' .. ." . , ... • '¦' '
/ ¦-.•' A separate contract wllUte let for as many
. different kinds of work as are ' hereinabove
_¦. specified." No bid or proposal will be received
¦' or considered unless accompanied with a eood
" an.d -sufficient bond bf said Proposer or bld-
• dpr," equal to v 10 per, cent < qt his proposal cr
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if, eald proposal or. bid shall be accepted the
party proposing, or bidding will duly enter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or.tbeir contract or contracts, in- accord-
- ance with said prqposal or bid. and the plans
descriptions. -bills and specifications which
are hereby ¦ made a part of. this notice and
• of any contract. to be let -hereafter
¦¦' Said sealed bids or. proposals must ''be de-
livered rto -the' said director* of, the Veterans'
Home of California, or to the secretary there
of, af the office of paid directors room 13
S20 Snnsorrie st., "in the -pity and' countv-of
. Rkn Francisco. .. Stnte of .< California, on i or
before the hour of 1:30 ' P^m. of th« twen'ty-
necond'day-of March. -1902. .which Ik hereby
deislsnated as the time, and place M-here th#«
said sealed bids or . proposals will • be opened
by the said " directors) of , the said Veterans'
- Home, .and, said contracts let and made
•If In theoplnion of said, board of directors
; of the said -Veterans': Home the. acceptance
of. the lowest ot said. sealed bids or proposals
shall • not : be for .the '.bent interests of the
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
the rlght'to aeceptjany of.'paid bids or pro-
posals opened as. in their opinion. may b» for
-the best interests of. the State, under. and in
- accordance with and as provided by the term*
of -section 4 < of the said .act entitled "An
act to regulate', contracts . on behalf : of the
State In relation to erection
(approved March " 23.* 1876, ¦ Statutes 1875-tt
¦ i' page 427). or. to reject* any or all of said
.' eraled bids ' cr , ; proposals. >:¦ . . ;..:-..
' For "¦ further.; information ¦ and ' particulars
bidding : contractors ' are 'hereby referred ':. to
the secretary of the board ot directors of said
Veterans' Home,' at the office of said board
'.of directors/; as heretnabove set forth 1 . -
."-..*>-! By.' order •of; the board ; of directors' of the'
, Veterans'- 'Home of' California.'. •' ... "
' -"•:-.» .¦"¦;•- J.J. SCOVIU-E, Secretary. '
Dntfd February 10." 1002. ¦ ; ; - ; ; ...-,- *
. SAN 'FRANCISCO, Cal..- 'March 15, 1002 —
Sealed proposals. \ In 'triplicate, 1 , will; be- re-
ceived at this :of flee ;untit 11 a. m.; Monday
; ApHl-14; l»02.-- andithen. opened , : for < "Doing
all --.the' Printing,'', and - furnishing -all- ma-
. terial therefor,' that: may be required vat
.Headquarters Department of California, .dur-
ing .the . fiscal year vending-.; June* HO . 1003 "
' Preference will be • given - to ; articles i of ' do-
mestic production or manufacture.'; conditions
'. of "tfuality and price- (including.' in the prrce'
.--.-. of -'.f orelcn :• productions > or i manufacture > the
¦s dutjr ?. thereon) ,; being equal. -. The ', United
States 'resen'es, the Irlffht to reject, or accept
. any >er,- nil <¦; proposals.; In ;whole: or. in part.
¦¦'Information furnished on. application to un-
' ' defsigned." "• Envelopes \\ containing . proposals
."- should -be "marked' "Proposals for Printing;"
'-'¦ and addressed to D^-D.- WHEELER. Deputy
: : Quartermaster- General,' : U. , S. Army, ;. Chief
J 1 Ouartermaster/ -'.'¦•.*/."¦'-¦" '_*- .'
.OFFICE" of ¦ C.v Q. • M.; Vancouver Barracks,
.¦W'ash.. March 14 t! l»02: -^-Sealed. proposals, 1 in
¦ tripircate.'-.wlll. b<^ t received ".he're : until* 11- a/
m..- April' V4V" 1902.'? for" furnishing fuel?at
military? posts in- this*, departments for -fiscal
, ] year." commencing Jvilyl.: 1002." a Information
furnished Tiere orby"quartermasters at posts.'
-i U. V 8: ; reservts ' right i to t reject < or accept ; any
.' , or- all ;¦ proposals- or. any • part : thereof.' ,. Envel-*
., opos ".containing^ -.proposals. should he marked;.
"Propoi»a Is ..for .Fuel ¦ nt ' — — •','.' ' addressed J.
*w.'.JACOBa.'.c.iO>M.T.'.-:.-'- ¦/.-¦-¦ . ,-••¦-'. .-•,-.
¦] X -J : SPECIAL' NOTICES. ,\ ; ; v "
'BAD , ten»~nf s"-"<!jt!cfefj fctf; $4 • ?cbll«c'tlons ! madei
V city /or A country; y^PACIFICSCOLLECTION.'
1 CO..' 415 Montgomery, ¦ rooms 9-10; '. tel. " 55S0.
.MKiiANBUOTERTMMlNTS.;
; . OA KLAXI) ItKAf.. .' KSTATB. '::/¦>"_*.'
WOODWARD. AVATSON V& : CO., .V" "
WOODWARD, ,nVATSON --& CO.,'-. : ..•'
WOODWARD, -¦: WATSON; ::'&¦¦ CO.. v ". ; ' ¦ "
WOODWARD. WATSON, "&• CO..
WOODWARD, AVATSON - : & CO., :2\ ¦
WOODWARD. "WATSON , &. CO..
WOODWARD. -\VAT55ON & CO... :• :¦.' :
WOODWARD. "WATSON? & 'CO., '
woodward, --Watson". &: co.. ¦¦• - ; " '¦• ¦
WOODWARD. '..\YATS"ON ¦& CO.. • ';, ••
WOODWARD. AVATSON & OO..V • i> !
WOODWARD. . WA-TSON , & ! CO. .
WOODWARD. ¦-' WATSON & CO.. . .
WOODAVAED, WATSON & CO.. •
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO..J,' -' •
.,'TFIRST SALE OF- THE; SEASON. :• ¦ :'
I FIRST SALE, OF. THE SEASON. '.'• ' .
.FIRST gALK OF THE SEASON.
: ' FIRST SALE OF THE SEASON. "•
FIRST • SALE • OF' THE . SEASON. ,
FIRST " SALE OF 'THE . SEASON. • .
FIRST SALE OF.|THE' SEASON.; -V
"' . '• :> SPECIAL* " SALE. •; ' , ;
t . ,¦ ' : ' ¦¦ ¦'¦_ . '. ¦¦ '\ ' ':'¦,
'.'.T ALBOT ; PLACE." .'•."
"TALBOT PLACE," "
.. "TALBOT PLACE,"
. -. ' ' 'TALBOT PLACE.". V
" " -"TALBOT PLACE." " '
- T . - "TALBOT. PLACE," ~. ' ' ;•
. ' • "TALBOT PLACE," ; . , ,' ,
. . * * . * Near ' San 'Leandro, -.','**¦•.
' - Near San 'Leandro.* . . • .¦ C 1 .
' Near • San Leandro. ..•.-.•.."
»; SAn" Leandro. • - • . :
6an' Leandro, "• - ;-
San Leandro,* - ..,%"
» San . Leandro, .• •
," SATURDAY. MARCH^ 29. 1902, . ... ; • ¦
¦ SATUROAY. MARCH * 29. 1002. i '
- SATURDAY. MARCH 2O.''19O2. ' ..
: :'¦ SATURDAY, MARCH, 29. 1902. .•:;-,
SATURDAY, ; MARCH 29, ; 1902."
SATURDAY. MARCH : 29, 1902.- " "
SATURDAY. MARCH . 29, .1302. . ¦
: At" 11 O'clock a. -m. on' the Premises. -.
We will sell ."at publid 'auction • arid to,' the
highest bidder. ¦' the' beautiful-country home of
Mr. Fred C. Talb.ot, conslstlqs of 140 acresTof<
the very finest, fruit ; and vegetable, land— sixty
acres. In full bearing orchard, consisting of
English 1 Walnuts,. Oranges, Cherries, : and . all
varieties. • -— ~-
BEAUTIFUL 12-ROOM RESIDENCE.
' Thoroughly, modern, fine .stable,., superintend-
ent's 1 cottage, -tnilk' house, brooder houses, etc.,
etc. — an Ideal country, home. --,- ; .. • ,-
. Following the sale of the land and Improver,
ments, we will also sell all of the personal
property. WITHOUT LIMIT OR RESERVE—
Consisting of elegant, coetly household furnish-
ings, oil paintings, steel engravings. Decker
Bros 1 .' grand square, piano, etc.- etc. • ¦ • •.. - :-"
Carriage ¦ teams, - saddle horses, 'Shetland
ponies, carriages and . carts.' harness, saddles.
Several fine head of .-caiUe — "Jersey stock."
Send for catalogue for all particulars and
complete list of property , to be sold.
' - WOODWARD. WATSON &^CO^' '- .
WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.,-. - "
, WOODWARD, WATSON & CO., '
I.' WOODWARD, WATSON & CO.; V
WOODWARD. ' WATSON & CO..
" "WOODWARD. WATSON &• CO.. "' '
WOODWARD, "WATSON ¦&'GO : ., " ¦'•
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.,
-WOODWARD. -.WATSON .&. CO., . ,
Real .Estate Auctioneers, v •'
;•' Real "Estate Auctioneers, '
Real Estate Auctioneers, • ¦¦<>
' Real' Estate ' Auctioneers, '
Real Estate Auctioneers. J .. .
¦ : ' ' Real Estate' Auctioneers; » ¦ -
Vr.-j'^; : '-"" Real '•" Eetate. '.'Auctioneers, ; . 1 "*..'
' - ¦ ¦ ' . t ¦ "*¦ >j
.' -903 .Broadway. Oakland. ¦ f » : ->
„:¦¦¦' 903 Broadway. Oakland. • ¦
: • . 0(13 ". Broadway, Oakland. ' '¦'-
003 Broadway, "Oakland. '¦ :• ¦'.¦i
-. -• 903- Broadway, Oakland. • ¦. ••
••¦ 003- Broadway. Oakla.nd. ' ,."¦
• " 003 Broadway.' Oakland.,. '.,,•,";
BUY, BEFORE , THE, RISE./ '
$1000 — Cozy cottage' of 5 -rooms; hot and'eoid
water; hall; poroelatn sink. etc. ; newh' painted.-
and -papered; »unny side; .^street .work -and
walks complete:' near cars and school; terms if
desired; No." 1743 Filbert' St.; near, 2Cth;' go arid
see it to-daj-; owner will be there. ¦¦-. *,'. v. -/.¦>.'
.-• $2250-ahd-$383o->^-Tv/o -fine homes of 8 and S
rooms; lots 29x100 and 46x100; ' Nos." 674 • ah'd
C70 33d St., near Grove;- choice location; .all
modern ; "cpfh", {sloping- lawns ; handy to school
churches- and cars. •• •'
' $1400— -Close, to. San^Pabio ave ( ; house . of' -7-
rooms and bath; "nil" in first-class condition;
street, work .all done; easy terms can be- ar-
ranged. " *¦;>¦•'•- '.'.'. ,.:, ., ...
WOT GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
¦ ¦ 460 Tenth st.,.n»ar Broadway.' Oakland.
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. - '•"; - . ~".
Pretty homes, new and modern, five - to
eight rooms.- with every convenience; • latest
- style, plumbing; lots 40 feet front (or more,
if desired); lawns; stone walks .and street
work .. complete; moderate" prices rand easy
terms.." Vacant . 40-foot lots ?800 to- $10uo;
very- desirable : In every respect; 'near school
. and : churches , and two electric ¦lines; ¦ ele-
vated '• groundj Merrimac or- Twenty-eighth-
Telegraph: ave.- and. Grove- «t.-
\ See .W. -T. . HARRIS,-" on the premises or
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 460 Tenth St., Oakland.
$350 CAsH^$7 '50 miJrUhly;, cottage of (» rooms;
large barn; ..".chicken-house; . good -well of
water, also city -water, and, .sewer; lmmenso
'-fruit tre»s; "»s(lorted 'small ' fruit ' in ' abun-
dance;, 'onrubbery : and .' flowers in profusion;
„ nice, cheap, home;, lot 37:8x203 .feet, all
fenced ; : 'l block from electric cars , arid fine
.. model ..5Choqlhouse; adjoining East Oakland; I
¦no fogs nor raw winds; price all' told $925.
Call or.pend'for circular. ..., 450 Seventh St.",
•- opposite, Broadway station. Oakland;- car-
s .riage free. H.. Z. 'JONES. Land Ownerl' "--
OAKLAND FURKITCRE FOIT 'SALM.'
FURNITURE good and cheap- this month.-; H.
PCHELLHAA3. 40S Eleventh St.. -Oakland." .- .
"'¦ " FOIVJHOUSEKEEPIXG. v
CLAY.'i62!>~2.'nicely furnished rooms; gas" arid
bath. Call 1S28 Polk st. ¦ ' .
EDDY." 445,'' rear— Four furnished rooms house-
keeping;. large sunny yard; reasonable.-/ ' ".'
FIFTH," -853 — Furhished i housekeeping; 3 con-
necting; <12; 2 connecting, $10; single,'; $4 up.'
GOLDEN GATE ave..":i200-^Sunny unfurnished
front, rooms;. also- single ; room. 1 furnished. .«• -
HOWARD. ;.1052A:.r^ Furnished ; housekeeping
... rooms; also other rpoms with 'gas; cheap.,, ,y
HOWARD. 1QC3— 2 sunny connecting complete!
a ly ; f wr. hkpk. ; rms ; range; running ¦ water; $16.:
JONES,-,70CA— A nice . furnished'' sunny "-'front
. room; ground floor; rent $7 .' riionth. "' ' ¦• '
JULIAN ave.,- 154. beV 15th and.lGth— a sunny
- furnished ,* housekeeping ; rooms, ¦ $18.N; .
1 JULIAN ave.^.154— Nicely furnlshea; parlors to
- . rent,- 'or wiir rent uijfurnlshedi ; ?rV. V i . «: ;>
MCALLISTER;': -935.. (lower)—^Three complete.
J housekeeping. rooms,. $12 BO,'- - ... ' ,'. • „•
TEHAMA." 22—2* nice ldfge • sunny 'hous'keep-
* k * ins .rooms, cheap. . . . .. , . :-.. ¦
atOOMS/TO^XET^Fnrn.nnilVunfn'rn". 1
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New.' elegant,
-. > sunny ; . 75c . tfay «; upward ; .. rates '; by J week or
month; McAllister. cars. to door;? handsomest
, "I; grill rodnvl Iq California , attached. .• ' ', , •'¦ .*","¦
BURNETT. ; 1420 Market (old* No. ' l364)^Fur-'
nished rm*:. suites,-. single; also unfurnished.
.TYPEWRITERS, AND SUPPLIES, ..
GREAT. BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
•sell; better machines for less , money than any
;. house in the city:- rentals $.'1.- The .Typewriter
¦> Exchange, 53t> California; telephone- Main 26C.
iWEBSTER; Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
i typewriter doctors; estimate free. 203 Sansome.
'MABBIAGE LICENSES. . :
. The -followiiij; ' marriage , licenses were Issued
yesterday: ;.' •-' • • . • ¦ : . ;' :^: .- -.
Patrick v Pualters, 33. 3: Howard court, and
Frances Connlft,'. 20,' -189 -Stiver street. -.
• Charles - E.' Cameron, ¦ 3«," .' city; and " Minnie
•M. Cakpiou3.-'31,- city. -.-¦..'. ..,.-.' ••• '•
John .E.- Ecklund, '31, '.2 Stanley' flace,,an3
Rabecca Warkeler, 23, 2 Stanley place. >' •
. E. : ; Bernard '.R. . friedrictu.' 35. . 050 . Harrison
street, and Carlotta Ames, -.'10, city. '
' William : B. . Ludlow. 1 20, Stockton, •'. Cal., . and
Clara -M.' Wagner. 25, Stockton," Cal. , - '.,
Arthur- N.' Cudwbjth,.'.;-21,'J "2420 " Flllmore
street, -an.d -Marian B. Fraeer." 18j- 1337 Union.
.John C.-Canavan. 25, 14"i(> Pacific street, and
Charlotte White, : 21. 14rje Pacific street. . • •
•'- Paul -Demarlinl.- 2H, 903 .Vallejo street, and
Lizzie Phillips.- 19,' 65 Minna street. •
BIRTHS-^MARRIAGES—^DEATHS. I
Births marrlace'; and 'd"»ath'. notices sent by
.m.ill wfll not be Inserted: They must be handed
in at. either < of, tha publication offices . and be
indorsed with the name : and '.residence of per-
sons authorized to. have the same published.
¦V : : . . BOBN.
PRATT— In -Alameda: March 11. 1062, to the
wife of Robert F." Pratt, a son.. .
¦--'.• ¦¦¦¦'V;'- -MAKBIEI);^- -:¦-•' i;:--.
EKLUND— WALKEK^In this city. March 17,
1902, by Rev. . Dr. John A. B. Wilson. John
"E; Eklund and. Rebecca. Walker, both of San
Francisco. :-..'_ -....".: ¦'¦- . -. - ..
KAYER — SULEWSKY — In this city, February
• a", 1902. by . the Rev. ' F. A. - Doane. . Thomas
Elsworth Kayer and Martha. Sulewsky,. both
i of San Francisco. . ' ' "
¦ ;¦. ':'¦'• T)TEi). ' •_¦-.; ¦-. ";;
.' -Anderson, '• Alexander • Lpney,' Kate A. ,»> -¦.'•'
,•"' Bernal, Modcsta- .'. .- Lonj. . Jane ' - - '
• Berkenkopf ,' Annie j . Martens. . Catherine -
Buttler. Mrs. Lueliu McCarthy, Eugene J,'
Cohen, Hannah .. • .'- McCormack,' J. J.-
- Coleman, -Ritchie T.'. Mohrmann. '. John H. -
Connelli ¦¦ John vR,,' . . -• ;• O'Connell, - James ' :
Duane. Edward Pike,' Sarah '¦. , :.'
Franz, = Max.. W. .. . ¦•;" Raabe. Amelia ;
Fraters. - George • ' Staude,-->Henry A.
¦ .Charles M.' \ »'-WeBrlch,i Maria -R.
Harwood, Jcne E. ¦ :- Werthelmer, Regina
: Labruner. " Louis ; ' ' ' Wllkle. John G. {
r * Lochhead. ' John ...;., '-. ' ' .
ANDERSON— In this city/" Marchjl6, : 10C2.
: Alexander; -beloved .sonfOf -Oustaf and. Mary
E. "Anderson, - a native, .-'of -.San • •¦ Francisco,
aged- 1 -year.- -5 .-months .and 24; days.. V '. .:-,¦.
. C?"The :funeral-- and '(ntecmeht private. ¦' " '.*.
BERNAL-^.In - this ,- city. ¦ March -47/ 1002.
Modesta' Bernal,' beloved : mbther of Alfred C.
and" " ; StfeDhen "Bernal; a native- 6t .-Mexico,
accd '62 years'.' ¦"• ; .-"• ¦¦ ¦ ¦•¦•¦>'¦•¦¦' •' .; •.
BKRICENKOPF— In this city'. ; March 15. 1002,
An-.ite, beloved ..wife ¦ of Henry, Bsrkenkopf,
devottd niother of Annie and' Agnes -Berken-
kopf.-:and daughter. <St Mrs.- Cordfes." of Marsh-
field, Ori," a native of-Qregan, 34-yeart-
. 1 - month • and • 15 days. (Marshtie)d, : On, pa -
pers please copy,).- V >; =' '.* : .**':- ' . '-p-
¦¦¦' C7" Friends and 'acquaintances "are '1 respect-
fully invited to attend the, funeral Tuesday,
x March IS, at 8:30 b'_clock,".frpm:her','late. resi-
dence, -38 ; CassellP avenue, near Douglass
: street, -between Eighteenth . and Nineteenth.
.--thence to the Church of the ' Holy -Redeemer.
Diamond street, near Eighteenth, where a.
requiem, high mass will be celebrated for th»i
repose of her soul, cpmmenclng.at tiVclock.
.. Interment Holy .Cross Cemetery. .; .
BUTTLER— In this city, March 17, 1902, Mrs.
[ I Luella 'Buttler*. beloved • daughter of j Mr, . and
I Mrs. G. - Benson of Dixon, CaK, - sister of
' 11. M-. J. A..C. D.' and R. D.Denaon and
• Mrs. Daniel Miller, a native. o£ California.
aged"2<5 years. •¦ • .. ¦ " '-.
COHEN— In - this , cUy, March ; 1C, i" 1002, ' Han-
nah Cohen. ' beloved ' mother of Lyon Cohen,
Mrs. P. Greenberg and. Mrs. C. .de Sllvay, a
native of Poland.. ased-S- years.. .; (Syracuse,
. N. Y., papers - please copy.)- ¦ .': /' . •" ¦ ¦- ¦
CT'Frlends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully' invited, ' to " attend the ; funeral, to-day
(Tuesday).' at; 10 o'clock; from 220 Seventh
!: street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train.' ta
New. Salem Cemetery for Interment. 'Please
- omit ¦ flowers. ¦;'.'¦'
COLEMAN— In- this- -city, - March- -17, —1002."
Ritchie . .Telfalr Coleman, ' beloved , child . of
; . Robert L. and Alice S. Coleman, ¦ a f native of
• San Francisco, aced: C months. ., . • . '.,-. - - . -
CONNELL — Inthe gity^and CpuntyjHcsp^tal.
:.¦ March- 17, XWZ^jihrfi Ki'-CenrJe»f.^Ji ..iatts:*'
of ¦Massachu3etts l j'ae"ed'M'.-years. ; '.V'~'- ri .-.-~ ¦ "-.•
DUANE— In this city,: March -. 10. 1002. Ed-
ward, ' "beloved j I husband of Josephine ¦ L.
Duane,- a .native of Ireland, a;ed 02 yeari>.
FRANZa^ItrrOakland. . ". Martfh S 10," 1D02." Max
¦.William, beloved aift' of Max -and' -Emma
Franz, and brother'.of'--'lA.nlta^"and; -Lillian.
Franz, a native of;Oakland^ age'd.8.i'ear5 .'£
. months and 2fda.-ys.-r ;- '
FRATERS-rln Oakland. March 17, 1902,
' • George, .infant tson-o£. George E.. and .Minnie
Fraters, a -native of Oakland, aged 20 days.''
HARRIS— In- this city, 'March 17. 1002,.Hon.'
¦ Charles '.M.- Harris., a native -of New York.-
- aged' 62 years. 6 months and 14 ; days. ¦• A"
¦ member of 'Lincoln Post No.. I,' G. A. R. :'. '
IcyReniains at 1 the . funeral . parlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Notice. of
funeral hereafter. \" .- •
HAKWOOD-In -this eity. March : - 1G, 10Oi.
at- her ' residence, ¦'*404 Sixth street," -be-.
¦¦¦ . tween ¦ Harrison and- Bryant, Jane Elizabeth
Harwood, beloved wife, of Charles J. Har-
. wood, and mother of Charles A. and Eugene
Harwood '4nd Mrs.; Rose C... Keys, a native"
of Queenstown,: New York, aged til years -i
months and IS days- ">.<.- ? ¦¦.,¦- ¦ - - ¦>....-. -.¦
¦ E7 Friends^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited, to ; attend the - funeral - to-mor-
. row (Wednesday), at" 10' o'clock, from her
late" residence. 401 "Sixth street.
LABRUNER^-In the City and County ¦ Hospi-
,tal, March ' 10. ; 1U02, . Louis : Labruner, a na-
- live of Germany, 'aged '25 -years.
LOCHHEAD — In ; this , city, March 15, • 1902.'
¦ . John • Lochhead, - beloved father of Mrs. < W.
: H.« Williams' and "John; Mary, - Robert." Jessie
and the late Andrew Lochhead, a native of
Greenock, Scotland;', aged -81 -years. "
JC?"Frt'ends and acquaintances are respect-
'. fully "invited .-to attend-' the . funeral to-day
".V (Tuesday)/ at ."f>:30 o'eloek; . from •> his lat»
. residence, . Q33 - Minna street, * between Sixth
and- Seventh.- ''¦ Interment Laurel -Hill -Ceme-:
• tery. •--. r-.K-i -..->; ¦_•;¦.;.» ¦ '; .-¦./••
LONEY — In this city. March 17, 1002, Kate A.
''beloved wife of James J.' Loney; and mother
of : Ellen Myrtle Loncy, and daughter of
Timothy > and the late Ellen .Welch, and
sister of Margaret. Nellie and' Alice >, Welch
and. 'Mrs. M. Klimmick. a. native of San
¦ Francisco, aged' 27 'years; 3 : months anil' 5
•. days, v., .....-¦ • ¦ ... ¦>: ¦¦ ,•¦ ..•,-.. .. ..- ¦
OFFICERS and Members of Young Ladies' In-
stitute No. '1— . l)ear.Sf?ter.s: "You.are here-
9 by. notltled; to.' attend the funeral of our lat«
; tlster, ; .Mrs. Katie Loney " of •" 7 • Hampton
place, on .WedneKf.ay morninir. March la.
I' raternally. .
•> MRS. ¦¦¦•MARGARET PEACOCK.' Pres. *
MAMIE." GORMAN.* Secy/ -.. ••.
LONG— In this city,' March 17, 1902, 'jane
Lons, a native of . Virginia, aged : ti8 . years,
¦ : C^Frienda'and 'acquaintances. are respirct-.
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow" : (Wednesday),-, at .1 o'clock. . . al
. Bethel A." M. .E.. : Churcli. : Powell, street,, near
. Jackson. Interment Laurel- I-J1U Cemetery.
! MARTEN S-^-In'. this.'c.lty,-; March 15, 1002,
. Catherine, wife of John Martens, and beloved
mother qf-Mrs." F. A. N.Busse and Herman
'and George Martens, a 'native .of Karmstadt,
Germany, . aged ¦¦' 5!) ¦ years. - '.'.'
u Friends. and acquaintances ' are restpeet-
' fully . Invited -. to' attend % the funeral :¦ to-day
(Tuesday), . at • 2 : o' clock. ' from 1 St. ¦, Paul's Ger-'
¦ ir man -Lutheran .Church, i." Eddy-.-ahd-i Gough
: i streets. > ..Interment;: Odi, Fellows', •Cemete'ry.
McCARTHY-7-In - this :i crW". ' March 16,', 1902,'
- -Eugene V J.,-. beloved .husband-of Sarah Mc-
•'• Carthy," i father, of Marguerite McCarthy, . and-
brother of Mrs. M.'. Larsen, .'Mrs.. A: FieldB,
Mrs," M. Cruciana :and John, eDarilel.r Ka'.e
and . Elite ; McCarthy; -a; native' of
* 'aged 20 years' 2 months and 19 days. ~
McCORMACK-^-MarchlC. lOCKJ.'.J.' J..\McCor-
~ mack,- • beloved *¦» husband ¦ of -'Sophie'- 1. Me--
Cormack, • and.: devoted fathar" of ¦ Kathryn,
AdeUe..B.nd /Gerald- McCormack^ a ' native '©f
Prince Kdwards .Island., aced. 45. years. - ¦•
'• ETTrlends 'and . acquaintances . are ' respect-
fully Invited ¦'. to ' attend - the . funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at I) o'clock, froni.hls late resi-
¦ dence, " S*55 .Thirty-seventh- -street, r thence ' to
Sacred • Heart Church," where • a requiem mass
'will be • celebrated for the repose of' his soul;
{commencing.^ at.- 9:30 o'clock. - Interment
Holy. Cross .Cemetery. . v- -;""'• ¦."¦•;,-' ...
MOHRMANN— In this city.' 'March 17, "lD02
¦ John H.; beloved son of Henry and Margaretho
. Mohrmann, brother of ; Mrs..- B. (Stelllng, -an-1
• .: nephew, of Mrs.- P. Bohr, a native of Bremer-
voerde, . Germany, . aged 38 .- years = 2 months
and- 15-days. -¦.¦¦•¦• ¦- ¦ .
¦ "(CTRemalnsat «*e ' parlors of : H. ' F. Suhr
¦ & Co.; 1137; Mission street, between Seventh
¦¦ and Eighth. •; " : " ¦ ',- - • . ¦ . • - .
O' CONNKLLr^In San ,' Leandro. . 5 March " 17 ":
¦ : J 002, > James ;0'Connell. ¦¦ beloved - father:. of
--.. ' John O'ConneU.v-MrB. •¦ J.'.- M. -; Burnutt and
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO;
.'.' ' jSuccessor to * Oallajther.j ¦'
. v ¦¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN.- Mgr. • ; \ : .
rUSERAL' DIRECTORS ; AND I KMHALMEJtS.-:
• XiX. Fifth -st..'. opposite } Lincoln Jicnool. ¦..-- '
, • " Telephone t fiouth^KO. • ... ¦ •
'¦'} Mt: Olive t j Cemetery,
..; .'.- '•¦';:¦- NEAREST THE Cl'tY.':' '• "'¦":'. • ¦ ' •
•Office, 916; Market Street^
.7. .'•"••.-*.-" Telephone i Bush . Hfi7.\ r *
NEW FIRRfiKOF, UNDERTAKERS, f
' gainue'l 1 McFadden: ; IS '¦ years manager 'for:: p-
)the United Undertakers' 'Association, il.' J. j*
j McBrearty. r with ; tht» ¦ xame ' company < toe- i is-- •'.
.; years ; - P. F.*» Green? ; l»te xwlth- J. :O, . ; O'Con--, -,"
nor & • Co.; ;' hav«' opened '¦ new ..Funeral;, Var- ' ¦
'lorn at 1171 Mission street.\V^ tw '*n beVeiiih • I
j«nd-ElKhth. Te:*phonc ; South -41. " " ."-.-. ¦•; v I
PEnSOXALS--Coiitlnnefl.;.: i :^' :! '
AT lets than cost. uncaH<?d-for suits, overcoat*
. and trousers at CHARLES Laniah
tailor. ?ri Market ft. ..;-. ..-..<;'. -
EI.ECTKIC needle speciallFts; superfluous^ haitr
«c moles, destroyed. Mrs. H.. Eaton. _427 gutter.
McDOWELL millinery opening reception Tue3.,
March 18Ho 22; hrs. 9 to 5. 1010 Market, et.
MEN getting, shaved, without Eoap . f or 15c •' at .
Rusg House Barber Shop. 217 Et.
'Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatrl-
' cal costuroer. 26 O'Farrell; country ordtrs.
Klectri; &. electric-light baths. massaKe.- hot a!r
treatrcent for rheumatlsm.etc. 23.1 Gearyir;27.
KUPERFLUOUS hair and -moles removed by
•lectrie needle. Dr.AlIrs.Traverse.117u Market.
ALFREDUMS Egj-ptian Henna": ;Testcres gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all drurBlsls:-
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE.
instaptly: 10c and 25c. All druggist*.
MASQUERADE cortiiraef. play .books. . wigs;'.
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE eultx, $7 50; dress pants, J2 3O..
MUflt Clothing Parlor.cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT,, th«
best cum cure. 25c; all druggists; . . . ¦ ;-- •
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The .Weekly CaU..
1<i na»»«. In *mrmw for .Tn«lllne. SI iv>r vmr,
PHYSICIAAS AKD SDRGEOSS. '. •.'--.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:*
no operation: no detention- from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
A — DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
. eurgeon, at 1122 Market St.: hours 10 to S.
DR! C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,'
102114 Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED*- 160 acres or more general farming;
land wlth.ln B miles of railroad. G. R. W..
room DO. Brooklyn Hotel: no agentu. : • • .
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE*
CHEAPEST HOMES IN SAN FRANCISCO..
Why? Owners must sell.- Cottage of -6
rooms and summer kitchen," chicken- houses,
barn and stables; two lots, 25x100 each;. 'only
$900; $400 cash.; balance as' monthly rent.
Lovely cottage of 4 rooms, chicken -. houses,
etc.; 2 large lots, 25x125 each; near cars; 'will
sell for value of the lots. . ' -.......;
'Four'large lots ready for building; adjoining
lou sold for $150 each; will eell these for. $90
each. ¦ - - : ¦ • -v
If you have bargains In property to -sell. -or.
irieh to purchase, call or write to -
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa ft.. Ocean View. '
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~
850 Market St.. corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. •--"
' Real Estate Agent. . \
Property Bought and Sold:
Rents collected., - .. .:'.'.
AN elegant modern .cottage of ¦ 6 rooms .'and.
bath; eunny side street; ¦ ' San Jose, near
Valley, bet. 28th and 29th; Guerrero-street,
cars pass door; appreciated if . seen; -<Io't.
25x100. . . :."
FOR sale cheap— New 6-room" house; 25. De
Long ave., bet. Waller and Frederick sts. ;
easy terms: 2 mantels and electric fixtures..
JF5500 MUST be paid; $3000 cash only; rents
$60. Apply on premises, 2623, Sutter et. :
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
* Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada . one ¦ year .for $1,
.postage paid. ¦
REAL ESTATE— COCSTB.Y- -For Sale
FDR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on' Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured... as
-Ban Francisco Is growing 'rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co..'- 802 California, at.;- for
pamphlets and Information. ¦ > . . A i-.
A CHICKEN and hog ranch, near county line;
land and Improvements cost over $4000i.f. will
sell for half, easy payments:. complete; make
money. Business Board ot TriuJe. • 328 Pine.'
FOR eale — 80 .acres, near Santa Rosa; rough
I land: warm' belt; -.$15 per -acre. -Box 44a8;-
I Call ofnoe. v - - - - ¦?-.- -.-.--.-¦ r- ¦ -• ---.-
Banta Clara Valley. San Jose- v and Peninsular
properties. se« WOOSTER, WHITTON. A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San.J.",
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and pruna
lands to sell: right locality: big money;. easy
. payments. HEALY & CARR. 8 Eddy' st. ¦
SEWISO MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented.- ex., repairing;
lowest-rates; phone, Howard 3264.- 145 Elxth v
ALL kinds beu&ht. sold,- rented-, ejechanjred: re-
palriag: lowest rates. TeL .Green 144. 205 4th.
. STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES. :
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving --Co.,
office Post and Powell sts:; tel. Main 5713. .
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse^ S40 Mis-
sion St.; tel, Howard 941. . -F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates. ' ' '
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281:
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED. '
WANTED — Rooms and board for couple, nurse
and baby; near narrow-gauge station. - Box
7981. Call office. . • ..-¦¦¦¦. - ¦• .- .
BERKELEY' ADVERTISEMENTS;
BERKELEY; REAL. ESTATE. ' .
f 1900— NEW five-room cqttage.; lot 35x122:6;
street work all done; 2 blocks to train and
cars; only $100 down, balance less than rent;
only $15 per month. W. C. MORAN & CO, ; .
$2100— ?200 CASH, balance $20 per month; less
than rent; 6 large rooms, ¦_ 8 . foot basement,-.
concrete foundation 2 ft. - : high; porcelain'
¦'. bath, tiled sink, fine sideboard, and mantel,
tinted walls,' stationary tubs, gas fixtures; all.
complete to move Into; lot- 45x100. W.-C.
MOKAN & CO. ' .-'" ¦ . •-.'..:.
$2200 — NEW 7-room house; lot 50x140; V, block
to cars; on SO ft. street. W. C. MORAN. &
¦CO/- - • • •• - .- ¦¦ ¦ • ¦:-¦ .-.- x
$2500 — 8-ROOM house; -corner, lot- 45x100; all
sewered; city water connected; will .trade for
ranch of equal value or will . sell for $100
down, balance $20 per month; 1- block' from
new retlrcad. W. C. MORAN & CO. •• ,r
SEE Wheeler Tract before prices raise; 33 lots
already- sold. W. C. MORAN &. CO., Lorlu
Station and Schmidt block. Berkeley. . ¦=.-,•.,
NEW 6-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
- sewered: corner lot,- 40x100; Golden Gate. • ' -'
$1700— $500 • cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath:' street' work, done; city water;
¦ewered; lot 60x130; Asbby ave., near Berkeley
train. ¦ " ' • -¦-• • ¦ • ¦ -
$1750— $550 cash, balance flat loan. Padflo
Home . Building Company, 33 Nevada block.'
gan Francisco. ' ' ,- j
'BERKELEY REAL ESTATE. '•'
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: high base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. £14 Pine'-
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ '• . — -- •-• - - 1 - - . - j.-
FRUITVAL.E REAL ESTATE^..'
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
. Wilson . are. and Hopkins st. ; 2 blocks from
2 street -cars and public school; furniehed cot-
tage of « rooms: vtabie, chicken-house, pig-'
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds; fruit or-
chard: 20 minutes ¦ from ¦ Oakland or lhour
from S. F.; rent $35 a month; .price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H..
A. PLEITNER. Fruivale station. . ,.,.* .:.'. ,
$C CO — Al CHICKEX-. ranch: plenty .of good
water; 475 chickens. 5 ducks, 1 cow!- modern-
Incubator, larce brocdery. 3 brooders ' and
number of chicken. bouses;. well laid out and
nicely fenced: bone mill, meat grinder; and
garden tools; $500; 2 acres rich land at a
bargain; near steam and electric cars: model
echool. Call or address HULL. &, LEE. 1V>'
blocks from Frultvale station. Fniltvale. ave"
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFlfcE—lHS: BROADWAY. :
OAKLAND REAL "'. ESTATE. ¦"¦
$3550^ ACTUAL VALUE ?4500. ' . • ,.'.
• Brand new colonial house; ojJRi and nickel
plumbing; 7. rooms and, bath; driveway,
lawn; an ideal home;a.No.vi:iocatIon;.<5on-
venlent to business center, cars, schools; <itc.;
only $1000 caih, balance on mortgage.
•"•¦'.- '<¦¦'¦ •••J.-.-S." MYERS.'.; .'.¦
•";•:.": r -1003 Broadway,- Oakland. '
?2750^-ORIGINAL COST 513C0.
2 flats, 5 room and bath each,- near Market-
st. : station. . business center and local- train;
a lr/ayst rented; a gopd Income; a splendid In-
vestment; seeinj; it> belleying; call. early.'
-: 1 •¦ J.S. MYERS. " ' ;
.'.'.'• • : J0Q2 Broadway,. Oakland*. ¦;,
fHioO-^-TWO . COTTAGES. : . \: '"".¦•¦ ,'*'\ : ..\i
3 rooms .each;. larce; lot :£W ! cll-.-rented: near
local etatlbn*. business. center,..etc I ;'land, alone-
worth the money; firat come first served; my
Inttructitms j ; arc ¦ ; lo • sell;* • or : rather ¦ give " H* v
away at this prJce. " • *. • . J. • S. -MYERS; %<¦-.
1002 ¦ Broadway, : Oakland.
•^fianahaii Florisf Co.
S/ ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices 'Reasonable .*.
107 POWELL ST.n«aELLJS 2SX? 5056
Mrs. ;J.. F. Sheehan,' and brother of Mrs.
• ; - Mary Baron. * a • native * of County . Cork.' Ire-
• land, aged .65 years. .
. . (C5"Funeral to be hsld Wednesday. ¦ at 9:S0
¦ -,0'clock, . at St.T Meander's Church. -.Solemn
hign mass. . Friends and aco/uaintances re-
' spectfully ; invited, . '
PIKE— In New York City, March 16. 1002.
Sarah Pike, beloved mother of B. D. Pike
and E. D.cPike. a' native of Baltimore, lid.. .
• aged 74. years and C months... - " '. '~
RAABE — In this city. March 17. 10O2.;Amella,
-. dearly. beloved wife of Frederick Raabe. anJ
¦^beloved mother of Louise. Emis and Sophie
' Raabe, a native of Bolstein. Germany,; aged
- 45 ; yea re; 7. months .and 17 days. "' ..
• ETRemalns at the. parlors of H. F. Suhr
-&,Co.. 11J57 Mission street,' between Seventh
j.and-EJrhth. - :.. . . ¦ .. • :l ...
STAUDE — In this city. March 15.: 1902. Henry
"Ausrust 'Staude.' beloved - son .of Elisabeth
- . staude and the late John Staude.- and brother-
of -Fred.. John and Charles J. Stcude,- Mrs:
¦'Louis Welsnsan and' the late Mrs. Annie- Ed- ¦
son, a native of San Francisco, aged 34 year3
2. months and -3 days. . V ...
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
-' fully Invited -to attend the ¦• funeral Tuesday/
March 16. 1902." at 2 o'clock jiharp. from Ma-
ponic Temple, northwest corner of Post ami
Montgomery streets. .' -where the services will
be held, commencing 1 at 2 o'clock sharp, "n-
der the auspices of Crockett Lodw No. . 1.10.
• F. ' and ' A- M. Cremation Odd Fellows'
: Cemetery. -A- member of ' Independent Rlfl'ea
. ' and Alcalda Parlor No. 154. N. S. G. W. -
WEGRICH— In this ..city." March 1«. 1902.
'-¦Mp.rla R,'-.Wesrleh.- dearly beloved daughter
¦> of .- Leo . and Thertsla ' Wcgrich.'.and beloved
•sister of Emily, Jcs?ph. Leo Jr. and Al-
phorise ¦ Wegrlch, ' a . native of San Francisco, •
aged 3 year? 1 month, and 2 days,
(TXFriendH and acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited , to attend the. funeral to-day'
"(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resl-
: dence of her- parents.. 2S0i_ Mission street.
" --corner Twenty-fourth, - thence to St. An-
thony's Church.' Army : street. . near Folsom.
-for services. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
* tery.--. -.:¦'. • .-:-.¦
WERTHEIMER— In this city. March 17. l»02.'
Reglna" Werthelmer. beloved mother of Mrs.
Louis Roateln, and r sister of Mrs. S. B.-
Dinkelsrieil,: Joseph Haber, Lisetta Dinkel-
npell. Henrv. Nathan and Louis Wolff, a.
:. native I of Germany, aeed ¦ 00 years. (New
York papers please copy.).' '. ¦
IC7Friends and acaua|ntanee3 are • re.spect-
ful!y invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
•¦' (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from. the' resl-
• dence of Joseph : Haber. 2640- Jackson -street. '
Interment- Home of Peace Cemetery, by train
1 leaving Third and Townsend streets'at 11:30
o'clock. ¦ - '.¦ . -. ' .
• WILKIE — On board steamship Anchrrla. at
Glasjjow, Scotland. Febmary 22, 1002. John
George, el lest son of the late Rev. John
Wllkle, minister of Hclytown, Scotland.
CARD OF THANKS. ".- . ; ' ;
¦ '.We herewith extend our. sincerest thanks
to our many . friends . for their, kindness and
sympathy . sho\vn us ¦ in . our sad baroave-
ment. . . .'¦¦¦'¦•
MR. and MRS. CHAS. F. HILDEBRANDT.
CARD OF THANKS.
¦ To the many friends and . acquaintances
who gave . so . many evidences of their heart-
felt and • comforting sympathy and beautiful
floral offering Uurins our late bereavement.
.- of loving husband and father. Robert Breitz-
mann, • we i desire to return our heartfelt
' : thank.". .... •' ..: . ¦-'
MRS. ANNA BREITZMANN and Family.McKinley runereal' Car Here.'
Francesco Sacchiro, a. flower gardener,
23 years; of 'age!" was -asphyxiated .'last
Sunday, night ; In (bed* In, the lodging-house
at 1237 Stockton street' • '< Sacchiro '• and 1 an
other: man came to the -lodging-house last
Saturday | night and | took ¦ separate | rooms.' 1
Sacchiro's companion ' went ¦ away "'. early
yesterday morning and a. few hours'.latef
the; door . of Sacchiro's ; room I was ? forced
by tho landlord,'- and his dead I body 'found
In bed..;.The key.of.the gas. jet was partly
turned on. - *• Death . is y believed ' to > have
been '.the result "of an* accident.^ -"-:'-- - ---
—. Flower Gardener Aspb.3rad.ated:
"Widb-w Gets Damages.
,A default judgment' for $4000: was > given
to the plaintiff by Judge ; ; Hunt yesterday
in l the';sult of 'Maria Pelegrenilll{ against
the ; McCloud • River-V Lumber ! Company. 1
Mrs. ;PelegrenllIi brought : suit ; against . the
company^for - $2S,000,^ damages, t resultant
f romi the ; death : of -, her. husband. 1 " He .was
killed by a fall: down «a^ well on r the- prop
erty of the company; in SIskiyou . County;
General William H.-L. :;Barnes, the
prominent orator and lawyer, was oper
ated on Sunday afternoon ." at his . rooms,
at the California Hotel for an abscess in'
.the throat. ; The patient la getting on
nicely - and • Js not - considered , In . any ¦ dan
ger -whatever. He suffered a good :deal
of pain • Sunday > night as ; a result - of the
operation, but was .resting easily yester
dfi i* ' .•jOBIlflffTf'^rfflFTPnHT tlHMf! u t~wvnNI'UBl
¦> The general had been complaining for
some. time of an annoying affection in his
throat, which proved on medical examin
ation to be a small - abscess In the back
of the root : of the tongue. . 'It caused him
so much. inconvenience last week that on
Frldayihe had to , take to his bed. . Sun
day mornins his condition was such that
the' physicians decided; to 'use .the knife
to allay the trouble. ; and performed tha
operation -.in the afternoon.
;: General i Barnes, : although he has been
somewhat 'run down son; account of the
I nervousness and pain attendingtthe ab
-•scess, is getting on so well that his physi
icians say^ that. in a week he will be able
» to resume his practice.
rated. On' for. 'Abscess 'of the
' Throat.
General William H.L. Barnes Is Opa-
COMPELLED . TO SUBMIT
T TO THE SURGEON'S KNIFE
Mrs." lu. ':. M. \ Butler ; ; of . . 234 .: McAllister
strest died;on j the '; operating; table .In 'St.
Mary's •' Hospital shortly^ after - noon I yes
terday, ) while chloroform ; was being . • ad
ministered to her. ¦ She was' only 27. years
of -age and was attended 3 by 'i Drs..' R.
I^orlni ¦ of 2720 -: Sacramento -street, and
Bailey: and -Hopper. , The medical, certifi
cate gave ' the | cause j of I death : as , periton
itis. The Coroner' will hold;'an inquest
for the purpose of ascertaining the facts.
The hospital .authorities. informed i Deputy
Michael Brown that the. lady . was .brought
to the hospital last. Saturday night^byja
man." • , , •'. ; >. .;¦ ' '- ,:.. ¦ ' ¦: ¦¦ '. . ¦.'. ; •.
Dies .Under : Chlorof ortn.
.' R.^ D.' Hume,^'claimant of ; tho schooner \ Ber
wick, her. tackle,' apparel,- furniture and cargo
vs. ,'J.j D. : ,Spreckel8.& 'Broa." Company—^-Appeal
from* the : District "Court! of th<?. United. State?
for the District of * Oregon. , . This - was I a libel
filed on October 20, 1808, in- the District Court
of " a the ¦• Unrted . States ofor the District
of.. OreKon--< against .the Berwick by. J... D..
Spfcckels : &'< Bros." ,; Company for ' $850. « ¦ Decree
¦was , entered l in , favor of Ubelant for $500 and
costs. Hume appealed. The decree of> the Dis
trict -Court : is affirmed. 1 .;. ¦'-•:•,"..'¦:«'. ;
-The - schooner;* Robert '-Lewers . Company vs.
Kamaka » Kekanoha — From " the 'District Court,
of • Hawaii. ' : Judgment ¦ affirmed. ¦ '
.The'Pacific Coast Company: vs. >"W.' ; H. Rey
nolds '¦ et, al. ."-Northern • District of
Findings - and H< judgment -, of; the " court below
must be. so modified' as: to 'reduce the -value of
the steamer; Corona "at i the time . of ; the > termi
nation of her voyage to $3166 66. and the .value 1
of, her .then '.pending .-freight -to $7770.*- maklnx
the ; full , limit <if the .petitioner's liability S1O -
036 60.; and.' as bo -modified,-- the; Judgment 13
affirmed."- -The-, passage money .'pending is con
sidered; as; having been beamed.-, 'v " ¦ • ••
¦¦'-._ The Union : Savings and Loan • Association V3.
LaurcnceP.* Byrne and Catherine Byrne, his
. v/Ife, ¦: .' State ', of •", Washington— Judgment ' af
flrraed.'-.i:'! ;, '¦*'¦'¦•. - ; .'-.: ¦ ..' " ¦¦',¦'•- ¦"'.¦.,''¦ . ¦
. ; Teresa!' Hilh et ' al. i vs. ':• the'. Northern, Pacific
Railway. : Company,' ' State. <:. of * "Washington
¦Judgment, affirmed..' ¦• : ' •'...• :-.- ' , •'¦ •'.-->¦ -
; The .T;nUed.^States v Clrcuit . Court of Ap
| peals, : . Judges'. Gllbertj'iRoss and Morrow,
I handed down five decisions yesterday, and
I adjourned vito.im'eet iagaln ,in ' this city on
';the. first 'Mondayr in April. at,10:80;a. m.
, Following, decisions: • "^ .
United States ; Judges Order an. ' Ad
j. : journment Until the ; First Mon
' • c^\day in April; '- : v )
DECISIONS /BYv'THB."
;. ; COURT VOF APPEALS
South of Market-Street Precincts Re
duce Leads Gained by ! Walsh ' ;
;.'.'.: :; ; ' • ;and Coghlan.,, ; :¦ v" -^
-In ; the nine precincts j counted in , Judge
Murasky's court . yesterday^ each 'of the'
eight contestants t lost:heaVily.
lest -losers wefe"''the ';'¦', Labor .'candidates,"
whose total losses for' -V the : day * - were:":
Coghlaji 62, Reagan 60, W[alsh' 64 'and Finn
67. The Republicans lostas follows: .Alp
ers 37, Bent 33. Eggers; 38 and: Wilson 29.'
There are still ; fifty-eight y pr-eclncts <¦ to
count. The .present 1 -: standing ; qf - those af
fected Is as follows: i -, :','¦¦• •¦;•¦¦- . •. -. ¦'• :
¦ , ¦'•: ''Official 'Loss'to. Present-'
¦ f ' r Count."*' '"' Date Standing.
Alpers ........ :.-;.'.15,940'- -.124B '• v .14,694-
Bent .'. . ;; /.MH.112 ¦' 1201 '.v- 14,011 .'
Eggers ; .\;15.95:5 129» 14,654"
Wilson.. V.. v ...r..;. 1C.517 ,1124 : . . 15.39.5 \
Coghlan '-..' ....15,680- S51 ; 14,832 7
Reagan ........US, 4:« " .< 890 CV ; ; 14,644'.:
Walsh ..... -.'.'..¦.'. ..V.15.8S6 ' * SS-'i " ". 15,003-,
Finn '..'...•...... \. -.15,501-; " \867. 11,723 .
LABOR CANDIDATES: STILL : .'¦'.-'.
LOSING y VOTES "l IN RECOUNT
The incorporation of > the- California
Club and the election. of' officers will bo
held .. this , afternoon. The . polls ; v/ill be
opened at half -past ' 2 o'clock and will be
kept open -until . half-past 6 j o'clock. Spir
ited • contests; are, -hf Ing made. ~-J The reg
ular, ticket as; prepared by the nominat
ing ' committee '¦¦ is as follows ; I For " presi
dent, Mrs.'-' George ; Law Smith ;^ first vice
president, 'Mrs; A. P. Cotton; second vice
president, ' Dn Dorothea . Moore ; H direc
tors—Mrs. C. C. r -Burr, Mrs. E: L. ! Camp
bell, Mrs.'John RZ-Hanley,- Mrs.",' Lewis
A. Hay ward, ' Mrs. ' W. > S. Leake, - Mrs.
Thomas Magee Sr./>Mrs. R. ; C.'Poultney
and Mrs. Hadwen Swain.' ,-;.',> .
California Club Election.
S The committee having the arrangements
of the meeting in hand has announced
that none will be admitted who have not
union cards, to show at the entrance.. This
precaution is taken to prevent a packed
audience which might disturb the har
mony of the meeting.
¦ A full representation of the members of
Carpenters'; Union. No. 4S3 was held last
nfght ;at the Labor Bureau on Market
street. The object, of the meeting, which
brought out' a full attendance, numbering
over 650 active members of the union, was
to make arrangements for a general meet
ing of the brotherhood of all the' carpen
ters and joiners In this city on next
Thursday night at Metropolitan Hall. At
this meeting existing matters of vital Im
portance to the brotherhood will be dealt
with by the principal speaker, J; F.
Grimes, and others interested in the work
which Is at present somewhat disturbing
the carpenters of the, city. It Is a well
recognized fact that there is and has been
discrimination, against the members of
No. 483 by certain other labor organiza
tions not directly affiliated with the San
Francisco Labor Council. It is to adjust
this difference that the meeting of the
entire brotherhood has been called. . ¦ .
cussed by .. the Brotherhood
Next Thursday Night. -
Existing Labor Trouble to Be Dis-
CARPENTERS AND JOINERS
WILL -MEET IN CONVENTION
'John J.' Flood was examined Cor the de
fense. ". and the * court adjourned till • this
morning. -..¦:-. .- ,'. ¦'",. : :. *ia
Tho. other .-.witnesses examined were
Walter B/ Dexter and Detective Ryan,
whose testimony, was the same as given
at the trials of Buckley. Moran and-,Don
neMy. Walter ' J. T Piatt •' and Detective
Bailey were recalled for further examina
tion. ¦¦¦•.¦ t : '-' ".¦¦:;¦ ¦;¦' ¦ ¦ " ¦• S-. ¦
. ¦ William ,'D.-. Stewart -was. asked' as. to a
¦ statement-he made to the Attor
ney to -the'; effect that he joined Duncan
and Wuth ."while they were talking, and
Duncan asked him if tie. were a member
1 of the Machinists'. Union or.'a' "scab," and
he answered neither,. .whereupon Duncan
said, . '.'Then you'll make an Interesting
spectator.''- Stewart had evidently changed
his mind,. as. the only.' answer he would
, give was that: he could not, remember.
- Policeman Thomas- O'Connell testified
t that shortly before 6 o'.clock on the;even-
Ing of ¦ the murder he ; saw, Duncan yon a
Howard ' street car, , between Seventeenth
and : Eighteenth streets. . He knewV,Dun
can, who nodded to him from the car.
--.The hearing. of evidence for the prose
cution in the trial of- Edward Duncan be
fore a jury, In, Judge . Lawlor's . court on
the charge of murdering George W. Rice,
the non-union- machinist; - at Twentieth
and I Howard streets, -on '.October -. 11, was
concluded. yesterday afternoon. Two new
witnesses, were > called to . corroborate the
testimony, of Charles : C. . Wuth to the ef
fect that he saw 'Duncan shortly
6 o'clock on the evening of the • • murder
walking backward and forward : at La
fayette and 'Howard streets, and 'that
Duncan told him he was waiting- for Rice,
and after .'two or three . cars had" passed
Duncan .boarded' one, • supposed : to be the
one on which Rice- was riding.' '*•-".*
' Benjamin: Schroyier.' who keeps a" stable
at Lafayette and Howard streets, testified
that . he saw; Wuth : and ; Duncan talking
together.' < Several . cars , passed 'and -finally
Duncan boarded.- one.' He ;. remembered
thOj time from ! hearing of the -murder; and
the arrest of. Duncan and. the others. ¦
The .afternoon session . of .the -.United
States Circuit Court yesterday, was oc
cupied in 'the. argument on. demurrer in
the matter of. the. bill heretofore filed by
the Spring Valley >Water -Works to -re
strain the Board of Supervisors from en
forcing-the water .rate ordinance ' for the
fiscal year of 1901-02. M. B. Kellogs ap
peared for the company and George. W.
Lane, First Assistant City. Attorney, for
the : Board of Supervisors.
Mr. Lane argued that . the water com
pany could pot raise any question In the
Federal court - on technical . proceedings,
because • the ; company .was ¦ a native of
California and not an alien. It must ap
pear also before "the Federal court,: he
contended, that the property of the com
pany, was being taken without compensa
tion, and- upon, the .face of the bill ' itself
it shows that the rate of dividend vwhich
the company would get upon its* own val
uation of the >.property ; ; would- be 18' per
cent on the face: value, of its stock' undar
the. new water ordinance, the! face 'value
of -the stock being $14,009,000. Under the
ordinance of 1900,. he argued, the company
received 4.62 pen cent, and under. 'the pres
ent ordinance a little less than that, and
the 'reduction T . would; not warrant -the
court 'in saying that ' the ; property -was
being taken- without compensation * on
the city's valuation "of $22,000,000."Mr. Lane
argued further/ that ahe only 'reduction
made ; in the -present / ordinance was :ln
the hydrant rate3. the Supervisors having
£"t__.the allowance"; of $223,000 down Lo
Mr. Kellogg [responded .at c length .'and
said that a good deal- more than hydrant
.rates was involved. ' There were two com
panies, he said,; at present supplying
water by means 'of . hydrants; and it
would be impossible for the "Spring Val
ley ¦, Water Works, to divide this compen
sation, not having the requisite knowledge
Oi. the affairs of the ; other; company.
Judge Morrow took ithe matter • under
; advisement. -¦<¦ -\ ..••¦¦ v . ii- ?¦¦ • ,
The present franchise of. the company
on streets over which "the new -privilege
is asked for expires in 1914, but the appli
cation Is evidently Intended * for. an elecr
trie line, as it states that "the company
promises that none but thoroughly mod
ern equipment will be Installed." 'The
petition was ' referred ' to : the Street Com
mittee, ..where a .lively battle' is expected
between the rival companies ¦ who : have
applied for franchises to tap the Presidio
section and , the business district, ¦
On Eaast ' Etreet, between the ferry j build
ing and Jackson street; on Jackson street,
between East street . and Montgomery avnnue;
on Washington street, between' East > street
and Montgomery avenue; on Montgomery ave
iiue, between Washington and. Union,' streets;
on Union street, between Montgomery, avaenue
and Larkln street ; - on Union -street; between
Franklin and Baker; on Baker street, between
Union -street and. the north water i front : . on
Greenwich • street, between Franklin , and the
east line of the Presidio reservation; "j on 'Va
llejo street, between Larkin and' Pierce; -V on
Pierce street,, between Vallejo and Union; ; on
Franklin street, between Greenwich and Dutsh ;
on ; Bush street, between Franklin street | and
Grant avenue; on Larkln street, between
Union nnd. Bush streets; .on Grant avenue,
tftv/een Market and Hush streets; on'Dupont
btreet, between ' Bush . street and Montgomery
avenue; on Hyde street,'; between '.Bush and
McAllister; on Jefferson str»et. ¦ between Ba-
Uer and the east line of the Presidio reser
vation. ¦ - . - ¦
ing streets;
With the evident intention of .parallel
ing streets on which the Market-street
Railway Company has petitioned for
franchises, the Presidio . and
Railway Company applied yesterday ' J to
the Board of Supervisors for a > franchise
to operate a streetcar line on the 1 ' follow-
San Francisco Parlor No. 43 has elected
the following named as delegates to tha
next Grand Parlor, that fa to meet in San
ta Cruz: J. H. Nelson. R. P. Troy, F. V.
Severence and T. J. Hearty.
Grand Parlor Delegates.
Jury He ars Testimony as
to Duncan's Move
ments..
Company Asks Super
visors for Extensive
Franchise.
Judge Morrow Is Asked
to Pass Upon Its
Legality..
WATER RATES
ORDER ARGUED
RETELL STORY
OF RICE'S FATE
WILL MODERNIZE
PRESIDIO ROAD
street. "Sunday morning- at 1 o'clock they
reached the restaurant to start work for
the day, when they had some words and
Cerka alleges that Draglch threw a cup
at him and cut him on the face with a
butcher knife. Cerka secured a ¦warrant
yesterday from Judge Cabaniss for Dra-'
gleh's arrest, on the charge of assault
with a deadly weapon.
George Dragich and Stevo Cerka are
waiters in a restaurant at 235 CFarrell
, Fight Between Waiters.
MAN NOMINATED BY THE JUSTICES. OF. THE PEACE TO BE THEIR
; CLERK AND WHO NOW AWAITS CONFIRMATION BY THE BOARD,
. OF SUPERVISORS. , .. . . ; . : : :)-
It. Shenson, for whose arrest a war
rant was secured Saturday by A. Muller,
his father-in-law, on a charge of per
jury for swearing before "Cupid" Dan
ferth, when procuring a license last Sep
tember to marry Muller's daughter. Ida,
that he was over 21 -years of asre, 'sur
rendered himself at tho Central Police
Station yesterday morning and wa-j
booked at the City Prison. He was Im
mediately released on $1000 -bonds accept
ed by Judge Cabaniss. A suit for divorco
brought, by his younff wife on the ground
of cruelty is pending; before Judge Heb
bard. : . * ; ,'•
Shenson Surrenders Himself.
Act of Kansas Arbitrary.
A great" deal was said in this case about the
comparative character of stockyard companies,
and railroad companies, as to their doing busi
ness in whichthe public has an interest. ¦ and
also as to the /measure by which the reason
ableness -of., rates ..of . charges should be. fixed,
but the sole point decided was that the act of
Kansas , was invalid because it made an ar
bitrary classification of ' stockyards and dis
criminated against certain companies In that
business. '
Other cases from Circuit and 1 State ¦ courts
were cited by counsel, but as the question in
volved is a constitutional question it will be ,
unnecessary to consider the decision of courts
other than those of the Supreme Court of the
United States, the court of last resort in this
country.-. .¦
Considering these decisions as above -quoted
from, as well in their full text. I am of the
opinion that this court | has full and complete
Jurisdiction over the persona to and the sub
ject matter of this action, and that the com
plaint, taken as confessed, for "the purposes
of ¦ the demurrer, presents a good and suf
ficient cause of- action, and that the court .is
warranted !n taklns such evidence as may
be necessary to . determine the issues made by
the parties in their complaint and the answer
filed thereto. ....The. objection to the court's
Jurisdiction is overruled.
The demurrer is overruled.
The motion to dissolve the temporary re
straining order ia denied. •
-It ia conceded that . a State has a right,
through Its Legislature, or through a j Board
of Railroad 'Commissioners duly elected or ap
pointed, to limit, the amount of charzes by a
railroad company for toe transportation of
persons and property within its Jurisdiction,
and this,, the act of fixing auch
charges be Judicial, legislative or administra
tive; that it is a legitimate exercise -of the
police power of a State over a business affect
ed with a public interest. ' This is supported
by all the cases.
It ia conceded that defendants, the Board
of i Railroad Commissioners of the State of
California, . have sach power delegated to- them
by the constitution and the statutes of the
State. . - -
• ¦ Here the learned counsel begin to differ, and
diametrically construe, the decisions of. the Su
preme Court of the United States in cases in
volving the same, ¦ and similar, principles of
law as are herein involved.
. The slncle Question of : law is therefore be
fore: this .court for, determination: has the
court • Jurisdiction to inquire into the reason
ableness of. the schedule of rates for the trans
portation.- of • crude r>etrole,um oil In the State
of California, as fixed by the Board of Rail
road' Commissioners .of the State on the 2d
day of -December. ,1901? and upon the solu
tion of this question depends all of the rulinga
a iked for by either party. • .- ••
Many Points Conceded.
This low rate of transportation the rail
road company: claims is made in order to
develop the oil regions. The reduction
proposed by the commission, the company
claims further, will result in a yearly loss
of ¥72,000 to it.' . '•
Continuing, Judge Hebbard says:
Upon many points of the law involved in
such a case as this counsel are agreed. It U
conceded that where . private proaerty, such
as; railroad property. .- Is ' devoted to a public
use, .it Is subject to oublic- regulation. The
owner thereof may withdraw his grant by dis
continuing the use, but so long as he main^
tains the uee he must submit to the control.
Would Develop Oil Region.
The railroad company claims that the
cost of transportation of oil amounts to
9.2 mills ner ton per mile, and that Its
rate of 42 cents per barrel, which the
commission seeks, to reduce, yields an
amount- equal to only 8.2 mills per ton per
mile.
On the 16th day of April, 1901, one John
Le Blanc filed with defendants a complaint
against alalntift and other railroad corpora
tions, alleging that from points in Kern and
Fresno counties. California, to-wlt:. Bakers
tield. Kern River oil district, McKlttrlck . oil
district, Sunset oil district, Coallnjra.- and OU
City, crude petroleum oil ¦ was transported by
said corr>oratlons to all points south of the
city of San Francisco, and to said city, with
out rerard to the distance over which, the
same was transported, at a uniform rate for
such transportation of 42 cents per barrel, and
that over 42 cents per barrel was charged fov
transportation to points north of San Fran
cisco. Le Blanc also alleged that, certain
switching, charges made by said corporations
at Oil City were excessive. Thereupon an
order -to show cause was issued and served on
this plaintiff: that plaintiff appeared in saM
proceeding, and that on December 2. 1901, de
fendants made an order therein, without anv
other hearing exceat upon the . petition and
order to show cause therein, fixing a schedule
of rate3 to be charged for the transportation
of crude petroleum oil In the State of Califor
nia.
In an opinion covering twenty-one close
ly written typewritten, pages handed
down by Judge Hebbard yesterday In the
oil rate case it is decided that the court
has jurisdiction over the subject matter
of the complaint. The point passed upon
was raised by. the Railroad Commission
in. an argument supporting a motion to
dismiss a temporary Injunction restrain
ing the commission from enforcing its
new schedule of rates. .
The motion to dismiss was denied by
Judge Hebbard, | and the demurrer to. the
complaint overruled. The case will now
be tried on its merits. ' • •
• In his : "opinion Judge Hebbaxd* says: •
I*e Blanc Brings Suit.
Connor Pleads for His Measure.
Supervisor Connor, then .moved as a
-Your commlttit. therefore, in the interest of
harmony and because of the considerations
rtated. accepts the sureestions of his Honor,
the Mayor, and recommends to this honorable
board that the hydrant rate be fixed at $2
per l-ydrant instead of $2 50, as heretofore
recommended by your committee, and that the
rates otherwise remain unchanged.
',Tour committee would add, by way of re
faiatlon of the criticism of Its action in its
previous ¦ recommendations, that in arriving
at the value of tbe properties of the Spring
Valley Water Works It did not count amonp
those rrc^ertles the naked legal franchise of
the company to do business, in express terms.
Whether or not the franchise of the comnany
ran leritlmatcly be considered property "used
by the company in supplying the city with
•water Is ei cuestlon of law. of which ' your
committee knows cf no Adjudication. Tour
j committee in determlnics the value ot the so
called franchise of the company took Into con
rlderation the meaning: of that word In the
sense riven to It by the City Engineer.
Another chanre made, viz, that the com
mittee had recommended a rate which would
Klve the company more than it asked by
J 43.000, -fa ridiculous. The very fact that the
Mayor rrorwses in his message to rive ¦ the
company only S24.O00 ler.s revenue than the
committee recommended would apparently an
pwer that charge. But. independently of mere
Inference, an honest examination of the figures
*hows that the amount asked for by the
Spring Valley Water Work* was $2,0C5 500
«see fichunsler Rep., p. 3). and the amount
recommended by the majority of the commit
tee wag $1,067,291 14, viz, $98,208 80 less than
that actually asked by the Spring- Valley
Accepts Mayor's Suggestions.
termination cf the values of properties of such
vact marnltude there must enter, necessarily,
in feme measure, the element of uncertainty,
that the estimated operating expenses of the
comr^ny r.re not ascertalnable with absolute
¦precision; the taxes, of cours;.. are. fixed, . and
on their amornt the Mayor and the majority
of , the committee arree.
The vital point of. this investigation is the
determination of the. rates to be established.
An examination into the value of the proper
tlss of the fiprins Valley Water Works actu
ally in use In the supply of water to the city
and of the i>rcba.ble amount of the operating
cxT>ens?£ that will be Incurred by the com
pany and the amount of t^xes that it will
have to pay is essential, but incidental to the
determination of those raxes. .
' The majority report recommended that th-/
rates remain the tame, with the exeeDtlon-of
the hydrant rates, which it proposed to change
from a lump Bum of ?80.000 per annum, estab
lished last year, to a charge cf S- M a month
p*r hydrant. It was estimated that in the
coming fiscal year there would be 4000
hydrants in all. Tlie revenue, therefore, de
rived from those hydrants would be $120,000
per anncn. His Honor, the Mayor, after an
elaborate and analytical computation of the
valuta of the j>ror>erties of the Soring: Valley
Water Works used In supplying the city with
¦water, of the probable <t >eratlns expenses and
the Uixss of the company, arrives at the same
conclusion as did the majority of the com
mittee, except that he would make the hydrant
rate *2 per hydrant instead of $2 50 per
hydrant, giving the company the sum of
f96.000 r>er annvm revenue from the hydrant
pen-Ice. The difference between the amount
that the majority of the committee proposed
to allow for hydrant service, to wit. $120,000.
and the amount which the Mayor proposes to
allow— Srw.OOO— is just $24,000.
Tour committee recognizes that in the de-
Majority's Amended Report.
compromise ordinance favored by the
Mayor, and .presented the following re
port in explanation of the amendment:
Under the Comte ordinance, which re-enacts
the water ordinance of 1900-1301 with the ex
•.-?ption of reducing the hydrant rate from $5
to ( 2 60 per hydrant per month, the com
!>any agrees to do all of the ¦ work during
lSfcC-1903 requested by Chief Sullivan for the
I'u.^lPfts district bounded by Kearny street.
Market rtreet and tiie bay. which Includes In
creased . elzes of mains and forty-seven new
hydrants. Also tlic Installation "of larger
mains and 103 new hydrants^ in the list re
quested In 1902 and larcer mains and forty
four additional hydrants now being: nut in.
trrae ot which have been promised to the
Sansci district prior to 1901. provided rar
naacus »v«>n-je ia opened. Also twenty-four
inch mains on Vel^Ticia. street to Improve the
pr^FFure on Market street. ...
Work Under Mayor's Compromise.
Vnder the Mayor's message the company
will «3o the same work with the exception of
the 16rfy-seven hydvants In the business dis
trict. Under the Connor ordinance the com
pany will not be in a position to do any of
the work r^ulrpd by the large- fire pl?e ex
tensions, but will continue to install the forty
four new hydrants now beinjj put In.
Schussler was closely questioned by the
board, sitting as a committee of the
whole, regarding the agreement con
tained in his communication. , Schussler
had nothing new to offer, but said that
the company would try to reduce its op
erating expenses to $430,000.
To bring the question to a discussion
by the board, Brandenstein offered the
The reryectivi? valuations of the company's
p!a.nt are all far below the real value. • par
ticularly as the City Encineer's report con
tains many cmiesioni! . and undervaluations.
Prcrcirxnt imonc tnem are the large under
valuetlon belcw cort of the large - Crystal
£prirj:s dam. the entire omV&lon of .the up
per Crystal Sprints dam. the omission of the
larr? com of rights of way for pipes,' flume
and tunnel lint* and the Unre undervaluations
and omissions of extensive water risrht*.
Ayes— Alpers. Cent, Boston. Branflesisteln.
Com!?, Kssrers. Lynch, McClellan. Payot,
BsnOerEon. Wilsjn — 11. . «
Xws — Bcoth. Braunhart. Connor. Curtis.
d'Ancora. Lou^hcry. Wynn — 7. :
Echussler Promises ImprovBinents.
Schvssler filed a communicaiion at the
opening of the session specifying definite
ly vhat work the company agrees to do
on its distributing system during the next
fiscal year under the ordinances pro
posed bv the Mayor. Connor and by
Comte and Brandenstein in connection
with requested improvements to bring
Ebcut a better fire protection. The com
munication saye: : •
The Board of Srjpen'ieors \ passed^ to
print a. water rate ordinancej yesterday
based on the j recomiAendatloiv contained
in the Mayor's recent message on the sub
ject. The ordinance as: agreed 1 , upon' pro
vides fcr an increase over last year's hy
drant rates of $16,000, brat effects a reduc
tion of $20,000 in the revenue from hy
drants as originally fixed^ by the majority
report signed by Supervisors Comte and
Brandenstein of the WaUtr Committee.
The amended ordinance* suggested oy
the Mayor leaves the consumers' rates
the same as they are ' at \ present, and
fixes the hydrant rate at $2: which would
give the company $9S.O0O for hydrajits.
The rates are based on a valuation of
$£5,o00.000. and on an allowance of $430.
000 for operating expenses.
The ordinance was carried by the fol
lowing vote:
'. Braunhart's; amendment ..that .the com
promise .ordlnancevbased. on -the;, Mayor's
recommendation be' Tecommitted> to the
committee' of the whole with instructions
to : effect- a horizontal- reduction, of ;$37,00'J
to be applied ,to families,-: living; in one.
two and three-story houses was ;lost by
the same vote.'..- ' I : ', • }
substitute that the ordinance proposed
by himself as the minority committee be
adopted. Connor argued that a 5 per, cent
cut in consumers' rates and allowing $1 75
for .each hydrant would . be , a : just' return
on the company's investment; which he
calculates at' $24,091,620, allowing interest
to the amount of $1^94.58103. He referred
to the estimated increase of- business and
to the fact that he allowed • $450,000 lor
operating expenses, or $20,000 more than
the Mayor's suggestion. ¦¦;• Connor held
that to allow the company 5 -fier cent on
a . franchise valuation of; $2,250,000, which
he had eliminated, is unjust, as it merely
represents its good will, which has cost it
nothing. " -¦- • ¦¦ ¦ -. "• . " -
"I am sick and . tired of this '.reference
to pledges and all that. -tommy. rot,'/' said
Brandenstein, after several Supervisors
had spoken. "If my party; Is .not" satis
fled with the way in r which ; I f ulflll . my
duty. It has-, the right to -refuse • me any
further nomination if it so chooses."
Braunhart : spoke at length in favor of
the Connor ordinance,- claiming that the
other ordinances gave too much • revenue
to the company. Brandenstein in, reply
held that • the " franchise valuation shouM '
not be eliminated, and urged that a fair
policy be extended to the corporation.
• Last Year's' Bates -Too ILow.
"If the company tells us- that !it; has
skipped three dividends," said' Branden
stein, "unless youaccuse it of lying, it Is
evidence that .last- year's ¦ rates' were in- ,
sufficient. Let us have no more sand lot
cries against corporations and let I some"
people understand that they cannot stay
the progress of. commercial enterprise.
Let the water company have fair treat
ment. Who Is. complaining? Not'a,sin
gle rate' payer has ¦ protested against tho
proposed rates as being oppressive." ;
- Comte said ..that \ nothing had been al
lowed in the ;water rates for, determina
tion of the company's plant, and : ques
tioned .whether, 5 .per -cent on its invest
ment was sufficient interest. , • •
"I conscientiously believe that: with the
highest . rates , now -.before .us the com
pany -¦; would receive -less'; than it' is enti
tled to,", said Comte. -, .-'¦•
• The -Connor ordinance was lost by the
following vote: ! .. : " - : .. v . ; . ..
' Ayec— Booth, - Braunhart. •-' Connor, ' Curtis,
d'Ancona. -Loushery. -Wynn — 7. ..-• " . V
- Noes— Alpers, : Bent." Boxton, Brandenstein.
Comte.'. EKJr*r«, % , .Lynch, (McClellan, v :Payot,
Sandeison,- Wilson — 11.', ./;.".•¦-. „'..> ~y.
Boxton's resolution requesting' the Po
lice" Commission to hold its meetings at
a time which will be of the most conveni
ence to the public was adopted.
The Board of Works was directed to
prepare specifications for lighting public
buildings., ¦ ! . * ¦ • • -•'
An ordinance was passed to print fixing
grades on streets in the Potrero. where
the Santa . Fe road plans big improve
ments. .' " -'"".¦• " • ¦ "
The resolution offering $800 per acre to
the Bay View Land Company for a seven
acre tract in the Bay View district, to be
used as a pesthouse site, was finally
adopted. '
The San Francisco Athletic Club was
granted a boxing permit for March 28
and the Ariel Rowing Club one for
April 3. ' ' .
The ordinance limiting the hours of re
tail drug clerks was passed to print.
The Board of Park Commissioners was
requested to explain why the 'Concerts in
the park had been discontinued and to
state if any arrangements can: be made
to resume the "same and restore to the
people the enjoyment which is justly
theirs. The resolution was introduced by
Supervisor Eggers. .
The Mayor was authorized to appoint
a committee of twenty-one to take charge
of the' Memorial day celebration.
Police Board's Meetings.
The Board of Works was requested to
report what sources of -water supply, for
the city are available, for the purpose of
outlining in general the relative adequacy
of each source and to suggest whatever
additional data for the selection of the
most desirable source may be necessary.
The resolutions offering $4250 to the
owners of property for a right' of way for
the extension of.the.Potrero-avenue sewer
was finally passed. ¦ • " . ' • ' :• .-
The ordinance regulating the temporary
occupancy of a public street during build
ing operations was finally passed.
The Board of Works was directed to
remove all obstructions on Channel street,
between Brannan and Townsend.
The Mayor's veto of the resolution rec
ommending that 'the. Treasurer restore to
the general fund the sum of $125,000, set
aside for St. Mary's square, to pay claims
upon the general " fund, was . sustained,
only Brandensteln and Wilson dissenting.
Such contest would be of great financial ben
efit to its promoters, it being estimated . that
the gate receipts will aggregate $50,000.
Kesoved, That this board will grant the per
mit for a boxing contest between Jeffries and
Fitzslmroons to the club which i will place In
the hands of the Mayor ¦ the largest sum of
money (in excess of $5000). said money to be
used for some charitable purpose or pome pub
lic Improvement to be hereinafter designated
by the board. . •• "
The "whereases" contain the follow
ing: ; -•;';. H . "¦- ' •;. . ¦ •'
Charity and the Big Fight.
Curtis presented a resolution concerning
the coming championship fight, which
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
It is as "follows:
¦Whereas, Some years' will "elapse before a
bond election can be held and the proceedings
reviewed by the Supreme Court; and .
Whereas, This city should provide. a proper
place for its sick and poor at the earliest pos
eible day; therefore, be it. • -j .
Resolved. That in the ' preparation of the
budget for the fiscal year 1902-1003 a sufficient
euim of money, not to. exceed 15 cents on each
?1OO valuation, be set aside, outside of the
jl limit, for the .erection and -equipment of a
modern city and county hospital.
• Supervisor Curtis introduced, a resolu
tion af yesterday's meeting ,of the.Board
¦of ; Supervisors,' which ¦; provides: for fan
appropriation, :outslde of the dollar limit,
in the next" budget of approximately' $600,
090 for the erection of a new city and
countv hospital. The resolution," which
was referred to the joint Judiciary and
Health Committee, follows:
Honora Ada English commenced a suit
for maintenance against her-hUsband. A!-.,
len R. English, yesterday. She asks tha
court to award her J20O per month.
In her complaint Mrs. English, who re
sides at 655 Ellis street. \alleges that her
husband left her on the* 12th inst. and
went to live with another, woman at thej*
Occidental Hotel, taking with him WXxl'
which he received for the sale of a por
tion _ or their community property at
Tombstone, Ariz. The money. charge3
Mrs. English, is in the vault of the hotel,
and she asks for a restraining order pre
venting her husband from spending It in
riotous living and dissipation.
The were married at Tomb
stone in 1896 and have two children. They
came to this city from Arizona last
month.'* ¦
John Jacobson, who is defendant In a
suit for divorce brought by Mary E. Ja
cobson, filed an answer and cross-com
plaint yesterday. He denies that he ever
beat his wife or treated her cruelly, and
charges her with desertion and cruelty
The Jacobson marriage was the result of
an advertisement in a matrimonial bureau
paper. Jacobson was the advertiser. He
alleges. that he asked for a wife and re
ceived a communication from Mrs. Jacob
son, In which she asked him to call upon
her. at her room. He did so. and he al
leges that when she learned that ha
owned his own home she proposed to him.
telling him that she was a nice house
keeper and would make him a good wife.
She evidently did not. for, alleges Jacob
son, she got drunk the night of the mar
riage. Several times after that, he al
leges, she neglected to prepare his meals,
thereby -causing him great anguish. - .
Emma Stlerlen, wife of George Stierlen
of the George Stierlen Company, brought
a suit for maintenance against her hus
band yesterday, j She, alleges that Stierlcn
Is possessed - of abundant means and u
able to support her. Mrs. Stierlen charges
her husband with deserting her In March.
189»j. ten years after their marriage. Stier- ,
ten'*, wraith, alleges his wife, consists of
stocks, bonds and mortgages, greatly ex
ceeding $25,000 in value.
Divorces were granted yesterday to Jo
sephine Diaz from Benjamin Dtaz ¦ for
neglect. Camden Redinger from j Estella
Redlnger for . cruelty. Ullle F. Friend
from "Wellington I>. Friend for cruelty
and Ethel B. Jackson from Francis !».
Jackson for cruelty.
Suits for divorce were filed by Emma G.
Standlford against G. B. Standiford • for
failure to provide and John Lord against
Ldllie. Lord foe cruelty. » - . • - ¦ •
Bill Allows " an Iocrease in
Revenue From th9 - •;
} : . Hyidranta \ ;
Supervisors -Decide 1 to Keep
•j St^' Mary's SquareiPund V
Denies the Motion to Dismiss
Injunction Granted Last
'December.
Jacobson Denies That He Ever
Cruelly Beat Better
r • ¦ ¦"" * tt -ir' j
&r*^HE Justices of the ? Peace recom-;
I mended to the Board of Supervls
• I . ors yesterday that George S.' Mc
ii Comb be appointed" to the position,
of Justices'- Clerk to succeed E. W.
Williams," who was \ deposed'- , by ' the
Mayor. > The ; communication,' 'which ; was
read. -at. the board's . afternoon session,
follows: • ..
. To the Honorable' Board of Supervisors : We,
the undersigned. Justices of the Peace : of the -
city and county .of:- San' Francisco. ¦ hereby
nominate and recommend George S. MeComb I
for. the office -of Justices' OerK 'of the Justices'
Court of said city and county, . and herewith
respectfully I request your honorable . board to
appoint said" George ' S. • McComb as said Jus
tices' Clerk. . JOHN R. DANIELS, .
THO3...F.' DUNN,
PERCY V. L.ONG, .
i Justices of the Peace. .
Comte Wants Nomination Approved.
"Supervisor ; Comte, > made an effort to
have McComb's nomination .confirmed at
once, .and his. motion on the point, was
seconded by Eggers. : Immediate ; action
vras opposed' by Brandenstein, who stated'
that he desired to have' an interview with
the Mayor before voting on. the question.
,' "Your Honor has had our moral sup
port in removing "Williams," sald^Bran
:densteln. "and we desire to' stand ¦' by
. your action." If you ; are willing ( now _ to
approve the nomination, 'I will vote in
favor of it." ¦ . • , '.. ' '
. The Mayor asked that action on the
matter be. postponed. :. . . ." ..'
"I want .to .be . sure," said . the Mayor,
: "that the- office will •¦ not be conducted "us
it was under "Williams, arid that, certain
deputies who were removed for , derelic
tion of duty will not be restored to their
positions. V --'•',/ .• -' - ¦'. V-' " '". i; ''. : ¦•.
In deference : to the Mayor's desire, the
nomination was referred to a' Joint com
' mittee, -composed of the . Judiciary j Com
mittee and-, the' special committee " ap
pointed to /effect "a settlement of the dis
pute. ..... ' . . ' ¦ , -.. , .... ..
Lawyers Indorse McComb. v
The followlngr resolution, sighed by a
number of . attorneys, was also- referred to
the same committee: -.- .
* - • -*>..'«¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ ;
Whereas, The pending controversy as to the
office of Justices' Clerk has to a large extent
Jmpeded an* even Impaired the. rights of per
sons entitled to judicial relief in the Justices'
court, and ' ¦• ¦ ' ¦ . ;-. - ' '
AVhereas". The prompt' and' speedy adminis
tration of justice In said court .would , be sub
served Uy the appointment of. a Justices' Clerk
in the manner indicated by. the Superior Court
decision. •¦.<.•
Now, • therefore, we, the undersigned ¦ mem
bers of the ' bar,- hereby respectfully petition
for the appointment of George 8. McComb
the office of Justices' Clerk. - We have per
sonally known Mr. McComb' In an official . ca
pacity and have found him | a courteous, "con- .
scientlous, industrious hnd capable official. He
possesses every qualification of honesty, com
petency and ability for the position to which
we hereby recommend him and we i have no
hesitancy in af flrmlnK that if he receives the
appointment the office will be conducted to
the satisfaction of the public at larse. .
Accepts Gpmpromise Or
dinance Favored by v
the Mayor. ]f • > \
Judge Hebbard Decides
Against; Railroad
Commission.
Resolution Proposes Tax
:¦ Levy Next Year for
;i v: Improvement.
Piles a Suit for Main
tenance.
Wife of an Arizona Man
COURTS HAVE
JURISDICTION
WOULD PROVIDE
NEW HOSPITAL
SAYS ENGLISH
FORSOOK HER
BOARD FIXES
WATER RATES
JUSTICE OF THE PEACE NAME
GEORGE S. McCOMB FOR CLERK
The Board of
Postpones Actioir on the Nomination Until After a Joint Com
mittee Shall Report Upon ; the Advisability of >Gohfirming It
14
I-; .-, Beklna ¦ Van '-. & • Storage" Co. . calls -for, house
hold roods, pack arid shlpX 030. Market st. -*«•'•¦¦
i'\ Nelson Gets Six Months, v '
: John • Nelson-., was 'sentenced ? to six
months' In jthe County; Jail by.* Judge , Con-
Ian* yesterday* on the charge of petty lar
ceny. ¦:> On - March* 15 ¦ Nelson "stole : , $13 f roni
•William ;'Bateman,--'a; flreman; .' on \ - the
RUN, OVER . BY- WAGON,— John ('Matree.'i
teamster, residing at the corner V of J Church
and ; Dolores • streets, had all \ the i teeth I knocked I
lrom I hU | lower I Jaw,"; the * Jaw, Itself I fractured
end his , lower lip severely, lacerated yesterday
afternoon .by. being | run-over.iby »hls •¦. wag-on | on
.JClngr.. street. ; v - He -was; thrown : from? his* seat
o r.d retained t his hold • on i the ¦ lines until the
, wheel; jjassed over his head. . . .
.¦Tho" Pennsylvania Railroad's^nnual ex
cursion strain* to < the | Paciflc'^Cc'ast ; arrived
here i yesterday.'? There -arei fifty j tourists
on ; the train.'- . Of. the aeven '-cars . one i was
used; to ¦ carry the late • PresidentjMcKln
ley's;body; i f rom;<Washlngton ; to'* Canton?
The party i will < remain; here i until " Sunday,
evening.-.'.-; •¦¦ •¦ . • */,'.-. .' ; j • : ;- " \ - "¦'¦¦¦ "¦•'-;
THE SAN
POST-GRADUATE DENTAL COLLEGE,
3 Taylor «t., cor. Golden Gate ave.
OPEN SUNDAYS AXD EVENINGS.
Graduates of Dentistry Only.
Free Dentistry for the Poor.
GREENBERfi & GREENBERfi
31-37 GRANT AVE., Ccr. Geary SU'^
GREENBERG &
GREENBERG
31-37 6RAST AVE., Cor. Geary St,
FANCY EMBROIDERED ROBES
SILK SKIRTS ;>g
WAISTS in all desirable textures
FEATHER BOAS-RUFFS
LACE TRIMMINGS
ALL-OVER 6RASS LINENS
HOSIERY,
UNDERWEAR
HANDKERCHIEFS
RIBBONS
NECKWEAR
BUCKLES AND BELTS
NOTIONS, Etc., Etc,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i»fcA WARNING
** TO THE PUBLIC!
THE WROAfC CLASSES
WILL. KUIN THE STRONGEST ETES.
MB. GEORGE MAYEKLE. the Ger-
man Expert Optician, who has been es-
tablished at 1071 'MARKET STREET*
nearly five years, is in no way connected
with a party calling themselves Mayerle
& Co. Remember. "Georee Maverl© hna
not moved. He is still at 1071 MAR-
KET STREET. *