PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRA-tf CISCO, MO^AY^^^JUN]? 2, 1902.
VOLUME XCII-NO. 2. -
Continued on Page Two.
. \ In-theabsencepf any terms of
peacejjjie iiH the press
are rather;stereotyped and uniri
terestingr/r expressing: (generally
& night of popping/ corks and
bumpers 'in the swell restaurants,
hotels and, clubs ; of whisky and
soda in the lowly yet equally busy
"ptibs.?:,;--';; ¦
, The large \ cities of England,
notably Liverpool and Manches
ter, -celebrated the receipt of the
news from South Africa in a man
ner to that which pre
vailed iii London.. The country,
where; almost every member of
the'Cabinet.ihad gone for the
weekyi end/ heard the news too
late for any organized rejoicings.
\V hereyer telegrams had reached
throughout : the entire United
Kingdorn, or where the glad tid
ings had become known by any
other means,- the keynote of the
sentiments (expressed arid of the
celebratibns was, "Thank God it
is.over.". : - ••¦ »V" • . ;
Throughout the Might Slioutihg Crowds
Throng SireeWofBrftaMs Capital.
In this connection it should be
remarked that there are still some
small Boer, commandoes in Cape
Colony, and 1 ' probably elsewhere,
which were not . represented at
the Vereentging conference. The
Daily Graphic in this connection
¦ "This is a consideration which
may well chasten our sense of tri
umph' to-day. We; have done
great- things in the war, but we
'still- have ¦•: greater .' things to
achievejn. peace.. ., 1 : _
and : without any . undue exulta
tion thankfulness "¦ that the ' long
and arduous struggle is ended
and a hope that the peace will be
enduring. The papers recognize
also that there is a great and dif
ficult task ahead in conciliating
and reconstructing South Africa,
and, as the Morning Post , will
significantly observe, "to take the
right means; to prevent what : has
been won north of Orange River
f rom i* being lost to - the south . of
it." "-V^':- •:/-:_: V - '¦--'
In other restaurants similar
scenes were enacted. At the
Princes restaurant the orchestra
played all the patriotic tunes > it
knew and the diners sang "God
Save the King." It was,' .indeed;
Popping of Corks.
The Carlton.Club presented a
brilliant scene to-night. It
seemed as if all the West End
had gone there to dinner, for the
dining-room and restaurant were
packed the entire evening, while
the palm room was filled to over
flowing, and even the entrance
room in the Pall was pressed into
service for part of the overflow^
The general feeling was one of
great rejoicing. That numerous
toasts were drunk during the
evening goes without saying. The
orchestra, by general request,
played patriotic airs, ending with
".^ule, . Britannia," and'^Goci
Save the King," when everybody
arose and sang the $ hymns
through several* times.
With the approach of evening
the streets became more .and
more congested. Every bus had
a top load of shouting people,
who were cheered vociferously
by those on foot. Thousands
and thousands of little flags were
waved by the surging crowds,
while from hotels and office
buildings large flags were flung
to the wind. When darkness fell
many gas and electric light illu
minations .which were in place tor
the coronation, days flashed out
in beautiful designs. :
When -I left the house it was
quite evident, that the people in
the street were aware of the good
news. There was a general sense
of happiness in the air. The usual
storm of rain" that comes on
about 5 o'clock every afternoon
did its best to dampen the ardor
and enthusiasm of the people, but
failed ignomiriiously. On ever)'
corner knots of people stood ea
gerly discussing the joyful "tid
ings. In the hotels there was
an air of excitement, in marked
contrast' to the usual placidity of
Singing and Shouting
• I need hardly say there was no
more singing after that. I have
never seen people so genuinely
pleased and delighted. There
seemed to be a sort of general
handshaking.
feet. Mme. Nordica, who was
present, was led to the piano, and
amidst great excitement s.ang a
verse of "Cod Save the King."
I happened to be at Mrs. Ron
ald's", in Cadogan place, when., in
the midst of some delightful mu
sic, the hostess suddenly arose
and announced the news. It
was brought, I heard, by Lady
Lister Kayd All arose to their
Give Way to Joy.
The scenes in London to-night
surpass even the wild enthusiasm
of Mafeking or the night of uni
versal rejoicing after the relief of
Ladysmith. The streets, were
jammed with shouting and sing
ing men, women and children.
Almost every other person was
waving a small Union Jack at the
end of a cane or umbrella. Where
all of these flags came from is a
mvstery. Before 5 o'clock not
one was to be seen. In a half
hour thousands were waving in
the hands of the King's loyal sub
jects.
jr OXDON, June 1.— The
M war is ended and all
jfiTv London was in the
• streets to-night shout
ing "Peace!" and singing "God
Save the King." Lord Kitch
eners, dispatch, which was given
out at the War Office shortly
before 5 o'clock in the afternoon,
stating that the Boer leaders had
signed articles of surrender, was
rapidly flashed throughout the
kingdom. The effect was, mar
velous. The feeling of suspense,
even of doubt, suddenly gave way
to a great wave of joy, and the
entire nation plunged into a wild
celebration.
. Acc©rding\to the Brussels cor
respondent -of the Telegraph,
Kruger- and- Dr.- Leyds were far
Mr. Kruger and his entourage,
the dispatch continues, hope to
be permitted to return to the
Transvaal. This, however, it
quite unlikely. .
"My God!" he" said. "It is im
possible."
had been asleep.
According to a dispatch to the
Daily Mail from Utrecht, Hol
land, Mr. Kruger. was informed
shortly' after 9 o'clock last night
that peace had been declared. He
" How greatly King Edward's
insistence that peace in South
Africa : be secured .prior to . his
coronation influenced the present
agreement will probably not be
known until the private memoirs
of the present regime are given
to. the public.
; "The .King has received the
welcome Hews' of the cessation of
hostilities in South Africa with
infinite. satisfaction, and his Maj
esty trusts that peace may, speed
ily be followed by the restoration
of prosperity; in his new domin
ions, and that the feelings neces
sarily engendered by war will
give place. to earnest co-opera
tion on the part of his Majesty's
South African^ subjects in pro
moting the welfare of their com
mon; country.".
y ONDON, June 2.— The
I S following message from
M_^ King .Edward ' to his
•. ¦ people was issued aftei
midnight:
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyright, 1902,
by the Herald Publishing Company.
Special Dispatch to . The Call.
from being pleased because the
Boer leaders in South Africa con
ducted the peace negotiations
without consulting them. It is
asserted by Leyds and his friends
that peace will not last more than
a few months. Supported by the
Afrikanders in Cape Colony, the
Boers will again take up arms
against Great Britain.
Very late Saturday night a dis
patch was received from Lord
Kitchener, in which he said the
Boer delegates were coming to
Pretoria; that they had accepted
Great Britain's terms and they
were prepared to sign terms ot
surrender. Mr. Brodrick, the
War Secretary, personally com
municated this message to King
Edward, who was at Bucking
ham Palace. But the Govern
ment declined to take any
chances, and nothing concerning
the receipt of this message was
allowed to leak out.
At about iv o'clock yesterday
afternoon the War Office re
ceived the dispatch from Lord
Kitchener announcing the sign
ing of the peace terms.
The clerk on duty, at the Wat
Office transmitted this message
to Buckingham Palace. At 5
o'clock word was received per
mitting the publication of the
message."
Lord Mayor Talks.
The inhabitants of the East
End flocked to the Mansion
House, the Mecca of the boister-
London Goes Wild With De=
light When Kitchener's
Dispatch Is Received.
King Expresses Hope That
Bitterness ((Engendered
Will Be Forgotten.
T OJSiDON, June I. — An official cablegram from Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, Saturday " . . -. . V>
£ *t "A document containing terms of surrender was signed here this evening at 10:30 o'clock by all the Boer repwsenjatives/as ivcll as Lord Milncr (the British High Commissioner in South Africa) and myself."
The news of peace in South Africa, contained in the foregoing dispatch from Lord Kitchener, zvas not expected UvLondon to-day. •'¦¦¦ Soon after the 'receipt of the dispatch, However, tljte nezvs spread to the clubs and hotels and was
received with much enthusiasm. The thurch bells were. rung to acclaim the glad tidings. A crozed gathered at the Mansion "House, and [ike'Lord Mayor of London, Sir Joseph C.Dimsdale, announced f rom the-balcony that terms of surrender
had been signed in South Africa. ¦ ; ' ' : \; : : ; *
Lord Kitchener's definite announcement of peace was received at the War Office at 10' clock in the afternoon, and; was'xommunicatcd to King Edivard and all members of the Cabinet before it was given to the public. To-night the Sun
day evening calm of the London streets teas broken by enthusiastic singing, shouting and horn-bloiving. The hotels/clubs land pjiblic houses and the streets zverc not the only places zvhere the people were pclively demonstrating their joy. The
peace news was announced in the churches to-day and by some congregations it was rcccivcd"with applause. In all the churches of-London- prayers of thanksgiving were offered and special hymns ivcre sung. : ' Sf\ - .
BOERS SIGN THE PEACE
TERMS AND WAR ENDS
The San Francisco Call.Continued From Page One
WASHINGTON, June 1.— The officials of
TERMS PROBABLY LIBERAL.
PRETORIA, .June l.-r-A proclamation
which was issued' yesterday in connec
tion with: the signing of the. peace terms
last night declares that, notwithstand
ing. the proclamations of Mr. Kruger that
interest on" the bonds' of- the "Transvaal
republic would be .suspended "so 1 long as
the war lasted, such Interest .shall begin
to accrue on June 1. ' v . ' °
June 26 and 27, theda'ys'of King Ed
ward s coronation; have. been proclaimed
Dublic holidays -here. '-:- — . ¦• ' " --: -
mation Is Reversed;
Former President Kniger's Procla-
INTEREST ON BONDS.
NEW YORK; June 2.— The World says:
At several cdnferences held yesterday by
men powerful in Wall street the problem
of having dependent upon the health and
judgment of any one man such gigantic
interests .as are how being guarded by J.
Pierpont Morgan was seriously/discussed.
I he object of these conferences' was to
safeguard not only the many enterprises
with which Morgan is connected, but also
.hiW'n ot * hcr , flnancial Interests In
which Wall street is concerned.
, No attack on Morgan has been involved
w Vj^f conferences. His pre-eminence In
\V all I street has not been questioned, nor
5 t i s * ha 1 n . dUn 5 of the vast affairs com
mitted to his charge been criticized. Tho
entire discussion, it was pointed out last
night, has turned on this point: ou V ias>t
"Is it judicious and in accordance with
conservative finance to have such vast in-
CT bound T u P inany one man! be he
Mr. Morgan. John Doe or any one else?"
Various plans for arousing all classes
Of financial men to the seriousness of the
situation have been under discussion at
the conferences referred to. This discus
sion, of course, has been known to M r
Morgans partners. in this city, and it is
understood that the essential phases of it
have been sent to the absent financier
through his London house. ""«.m.ier
Several thousand copies of a pamphlet
iV'SS? learned last night, are ready -for
distribution with the opening of the mar
ket this morning. The burden o? thin
pamphlet will be "Too much one-manin
fluence." Five hundred of these nam
phlets have been forwarded to Bost6nfor
distribution in the money Center there
when business begins for the day. A. con
siderable .number of the pamphlets, it is
added, were sent to London on the Um
bria. which sailed on Saturday.. <
Under the cover of Sunday quiet the
packers scored heavily , on the striking
teamsters and succeeded in filling all their
distributing stations about town, except
these, in the Fulton market. The move
by the packers came unexpectedly. All
was ¦ done quietly anQ quickly. The car
loads of meat which have been standing
on sidetracks were sent to the stations
and unloaded, .ice was brought from the
yards on the cars and by evening all was
ready for. to-morrow's business. ,
The coup of the packers brings the
strike to an acute issue. Up to the pres
ent time the strikers have been Informing
all who dared to get their meat from
these- companies that if such a course
should be continued their Ice supply would
be cut off. With some of the distributing
stations closed and. others with an ade
quate i supply ' of meat, the butchers have
fcten unwilling to, take. the risk and ihave
let their : meat reserve run-, low.- ¦
.The executive committee of the Pack
ers' Association held a . secret conference
to-day, but refused to make the abject of
the meeting public. Another meeting will
be heW-to-morrow.
/ CHICAGO, Juno 1.— Success having at
tended the efforts of Franklin MacVeagh,
president of the National Civic Federa
tion, in his intercession with the Union
Traction Company on behalf of the street
car employes, the difference's of the strik
ing stockyard teamsters T are to be taken
up in the same fashion. At a meeting of
! the Federation of .Labor to-night it was
I said that an appeal, should be made to
| James H. Eckies, president of the Com
mercial National Bank, to take up the
teamsters' cause with ,the packers. Mr.
Eckies is 'a member, of the Industrial
committee of the National Civic Federa
tion., The appeal will be made to-morrow.
The Matin says: "Europe- will to-day
give a great sign of relief s at the deliv
erance from the enormous weight that op
pressed "its conscience- Whatever the
condition^ of this peace there will be for
history in ' this war neither conquerors
nor conquered. The Boers have won a
peace in our era that ancient empires had
not obtained. This conquest is worth all
the others." '¦.-..¦¦ . ;
iehlng the world by: their resistance, the
Boers doubtless . have obtained ¦- a legiti
mate consecration of their efforts and
that it is not an unconditional submis
sion to which" the delegates have -just
consented. , ¦ . . . ¦
- The Gauolis rejoices at the end of the
war. but takes exception to the word
"capitulation" in Lord Kitchener's dis
patch, saying that "The Boers retain lor
posterity one of the noblest examples of
heroism. Their intrepid defense will be
One of the finest epics of contemporary
history. What matters If Botha, Dewet
and Delarey struck/the flag? They have
covered it with so much glory- that the
whole world owes it, a salute, full of re
spectful emolument and admiration."
Wall - Street Movement
tq Safeguard Vast •*.-.
Interests.
Chicago's Striking Team
sters Receive Sab
bath Setback.
FEARS MORGAN'S
ONE-MAN POWER
MEAT PACKERS
SCORE A COUP
ruins op [Si: -Pierre,
zvhich'' was rased by a vol-'
canic blast, is graphically told
in the pictures above. ¦ The
photographs, from zvhich the
illustrations' are reproduced,
zverc taken by the camera ex
perts attached Jo the expedi- *
tioh sent to Martinique by
The Call and Nezv '¦ York
Herald. (Copyright, '1902,
by the New 1 York. Herald _ '
¦Publishing Company.)
fJT* HE awful "desolation
JL that broods 'over 'the
PARIS. June 2.— The news of -peace in
South Africa reached Paris too late for
publication in the afternoon papers, and
did not become generally known yesterday
evening and hence caused no excitement.
This morning's papers, however, give due
prominence to dispatches. announcing the
tact . and describing the way the news
was received in London. 'The comments
of the press are mostly tinged. with re
gret at the failure of the Boers to se
cure independence, and highly praise the
co.urage and tenacity of the defeated
people. ¦ ' . . - •
The Figaro bdlieves that, after- aston-
PRAISE FOB, THE PATRIOTS.
the British embassy are sharing the jubi
lant feeling over the settlement of the
war in South Africa. Official notice of
the signing of the terms of surrender
came to Mr. Raikes, the British charge
here, in a cablegram from . the foreign
office. It was very brief, and was in ac
cord with the statements contained In the
press dispatches. It probably will be com
municated formally to the United States
Government to-morrow. Nothing official
has reached the state department from
Kmbassador Choate at Ixmdon or any
other source. President Roosevelt was
furnished a copy of the press dispatch
giving the news of the signing of the'
articles of surrender.
The prevails in official . cir
cles that the terms of surrender named
by the BritiBh In their negotiations with
the Boers have been very liberal in char
acter, perhaps from the double desire to
bring the war to a close and to have this
happy event formally proclaimed before
the coronation of King Edward.
From a commercial point of view the
cessation of hostilities will result ben
eficially to American exports to South
Africa, the reports issued from time to
time by the foreign commerce bureau of
the Btate department showing that they
have suffered considerably since the be
ginning of the war.
Correspondents in South China report
the defeat of the Kwangsi rebels near
banning and the capture of Sung Yung
Seng, the leader. The Winchow corres
pondent of the Honkong Telegraph, de
scribing the battle in the hills near Nan
nJng, says:
From an eye witness, I learn that the
affair seems to have been a very bloody
encounter. The. troops at first were un
able to rout the rebels but with the help
of two Maxims and a couple of • twelve
pounders they forced them to scatter.
It was while leading his men and encour
aging them against, the Imperial troops
that the leader was wounded by a frag
ment of a shell and captured. He was
sent to Canton for punishment and ex
ecution.
Peking correspondents say the semi
foreign uniformed soldiers of Yuan Shlh
Kal who guarded the imperial cortege
en route to the eastern tombs created a
reign of terror on "the way, the villagers
mistaking. them for foreign troops. The
country people fled as soon as the pen
nants were seen. News was received that
the organization of a police force has
been commenced at Wuchang, and an
Englishman, Charles Preston, has been
engaged in Shanghai. as superintendent.
The police will number 600. It has been
further decided to organize a police force
in Hankow with an American as super
intendent. V
VICTORIA. B. C., June 1.— Advices re
ceived by the steamer Clavering state
that in Southwest China a new Boxer
insurrection has broken out. led by Mo
chihing, who killed his wife and family.
Others emulated his example before the
campaign commenced.
The; Boxers first murdered a French
missionary and later killed a Belgian
priest, and fifty Chinese officials engaged
in collecting taxes were killed.. A church
was destroyed at Wei Hien, where a na
tive, missionary was killed and a large
number of converts were slaughtered.
Troops were sent against the Boxers, who
defeated them. The rebels are credited
with a programme of overrunning Honan
and Shantung and then making for Pek
ing. They are well armed.
Uprising in : Southwest
Ghina'Gauses a New
"Alarm.
Among the people at the Carlton Hott-1
•»f>re a good many Americans, who good
naturediy joined In the enthusiasm. In
the meanwhile the news had been con
veyed to most of the churches, whose
bells clanged out the message of peace.
Pre-acncrp stopped in their prayers and
their sfrmons to read Lord Kitchener's
inorsage to their congregations. In St.
AMERICANS LEND A HAND.
"Dear old Bill," or some such name,
would be called out by some In the crowd,
with an added "He'll soon be 'ome."
When the- general public celebrated the
peace nc-ws in the streets society . was
«"7ual]y joyous, although not quite so
demonstrative. Many references were
made to the coincidence of the declara
tion of peace in South Africa with the
"glorious ist of June." ever memorable in
Oreat Britain's history by reason of
Howe's victory over the French fleet :n
"Good old Kitchener" and "We're bloom
in' glad it's over"' were among the phrases
shouted by the crowds. A large number
of those who had relatives at the front
participated in the street scenes and lent
a serious and often pathetic touch to
what would otherwise have been an
amusing scene.
Outside of Buckingham Palace, where
King Edward kept himself in seclusion, a
crowd of fairly good proportions gathered
and here, as elsewhere, the national an
them was sung lustily. Two sentries and
many policeman guarded the historic
message outside the War Office. It could
scarcely be read by the flickering gas
light. After reading this notice the people
passed on in eager crowds into the more
eastern districts of London, where there
wtre no illuminations such as made the
clubs on Pall Mall noticeable.
ously patriotic, just in' time to-^see the
Lord Mayor of London, Sir Joseph C
I>imsdaie, ccme out- of a balcony and an
nounce that the terms of surrender haul
been signed in South Africa. Amid many
cheers the Lord Mayor made a short
speech, in which he expressed his hope
that London would show its appreciation
oi the good news by behaving itself de
cently and in an orderly manner. . '
"Let us." said he in conclusion, "now
pray for a long and happy peace."
At this statement the assemblage yelled
lustily, and at the instance of the Lord
Mayor gave hearty cheers for King Ed
v.ard. followed by others for the men'
who had died in South Africa since the
war commenced.
The Times, is equally certain that the
interests of the loyal colonists, whether
of Dutch or British blood, have not been
overlooked in the settlement.
The Times pays a tribute to the saga
cious and conciliatory diplomacy of Lord
Salisbury and Lord Lansdowne. the For
eJpn Secretary,- which has built up an
amicable understanding. It declares, with
the Lnited States and which has done so
much to sober' the reflections of less
friendly states. ¦ ¦ .
The Daily Telegraph says: "It is well
for Ensland that this crisis arose to be
encountered when it did. Later it. would
have been too late. The danger we have
met and mastered was a mortal danger
and England alone, of all the powers of
Europe, possesses wealth; energy, com
mand of the sea and indomitable stead
fastness of national temperament which
has been taxed, to prevail ' over the most
insiduous and formidable ¦ hostility by
which the colonial dominion of any em
pire has ever been attacked/' •
The dispatches received • here from
South Africa describe the rejoicings in all
the principal towns there which followed
the announcement of peace yesterday,
and say that to-day CMonday) has been
proclaimed a general holiday. ¦ '.
In an editorial on the news from South
Africa the Timeg points out that there
can be no treaty, but merely, as Lord
Kitchener" names it, a document contain
ing "terms of surrender." The Times is
confident that the terms offered to Gen
eral Botha a year ago have been virtu
ally maintained.
The Daily News says.: 'it will do most
to give us dignity and nobility In the hour
of victory if we pay homage to the im
mense and heroic courage oi our foes.
Let us think of them not as enemies, but
as the bravest fighters who ever met us
in the field."
PRAISES VALOR OF BOERS.
The Daily Chronicle says: "We have
gained peace with honor. If our staten
men are henceforth wise in making use
of their opportunities we shall find that
we have also gained peace with good
will." -
The Standard exhorts the nation to ac
cept its victory Jn a calm ana dignified
manner and not to indulge in unbecoming
or offensive demonstrations of jubila
tion.
Cabling from Pretoria, the correspond
ent of the Dally Mail, after announcing
the signing of the terms of surrender, says
the British authorities absolutely rejected
the suggestion of the Boer delegates that
the terms of surrender should be ratified
by Mr. Kruger, and declared that the
Boers in Europe had no hand in the set
tlement.
"The terms will show," continues the
correspondent, "that the British Govern
ment carried its contentions on every vital
point, while the minor concessions, par
ticularly those in regard to the generous
financial treatment, will greatly appeal to
the Boers in general. The value of Lord
Kitchener's personality as a factor in the
conclusion of peace can never be over
estitmated. There is no doubt that peace
will be popular among the Boers."
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman, the
Liberal leader in the House of Commons,
said in an interview, on the announcement
of peace:
"The whole country will .rejoice over
peace. I know nothing of the terms or
conditions, but I hope they are such as
will be full of promise for the future."
SAYS TERMS ABE RIGID.
. The Archbishop of Canterbury will
shortly appoint a day of national thanks
giving,* in which Cardinal Vaughan . will
join in behalf of the Catholics. ¦ / .
The Cabinet will meet this morning and
probably -will discuss the wording -of the
statement to be made by Mr. Baiiour. the
Government leader in the .House of Com
mons. This statement is eagerly 'awaited,
as-.it is understood Mr. Baifour will-en
lighten his hearers as to the conditions
upon which the Boers surrendered. On
this" Important point 'no further informa
tion-has been forthcoming. other than the
intelligent anticipations with 'which the
papers have been filled for the past week.
I>r. Parker electrified listeners at
the City Temple by suddenly interjecting
the dispatches received at the War Of
fice, to which he added an expression of
hope that this would also mean peace in
England, and that there would no longer
be anything heard of pro-Boers or pro-
Britons. • . ' ¦. ..;.".
Paul's Cathedal the Bishop of Stepney
made the" announcement and impressively
prefaced the reading of Lord Kitchener's
message by saying: •¦';.. u ,3 - ' z -'/',i^ }' {
"God has been pleased to answer our
prayers and give us the blessings of
peace.*' "-'":- ¦ '.'•'*¦ ¦' " '":'"' '¦¦¦ _.';".
BOXERS PREPARE
FOR SLAUGHTER
BOERS SIGN TERMS
AND WAR IS ENDED
PARIS, June 1.— The new French Cham
ber of Deputies met this afternoon lor the
first time. The house and galleries were
crowded. M. Rauline (Rightist), the old
est member of the Chamber, presided and
delivered the inauguration speech. In
which ha appealed for parliamentary
T^he important business of electing the
Provisional President of the Chamber—
v/hich election is invariably ratified— was
taken up. Although the President of the
Chamber is supposed to stand above
Darties to-day s election to fill this post
was a purely political one. M. Deschanel,
the President of the former Chamber,
was the presidential candidate of the
moderate Republicans. . He was opposed
by Leon Bourgeois, who represented the
Radical groups. M. Deschanel was de
feated by a vote of 203 to 267 and his four
years' tenure of the presidential chair
ended.
His defeat was almost a foregone eon
elusion and in view of the results of th©
general, election of April 27, which gave
the Radicals a majority in the House, it
occasioned no surprise. The election of
M. Bourgeois, however, makes the politi
cal situation quite clear and indicates to
president- Loubet where to choose suc
cessors to the Ministry of 2u. Waldeck-
Rousseau. Various lists of a new*Mln»
iatry have, already been brought forward,
but nothing in this respect is. yet certain,
nor is it likely that arvthin- will be
definitely known until the middle of the
week, except that M. Delcasse. the Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, will probaMy
retain his post.
. -After the election of ?-vo Radicals. Eu
gene Etlenne and Louis Maurice Faure
as Vice President*. *. the Chamber ad
journed until next Tuesday as a sign of
mourning for the Martinique victims.
First Vote Taken Shows
They Have a Work
ing Majority.
RADICALS RULE
FRENCH CHAMBER
™HE SAK FRANCISpO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE % 1902.
DREAD STORY OF DOOM OF ST. PIERRE IS TOLD IN PICTURES
2
HOME TESTIMONY
For sale by all dealers;, price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y., sole
agents for the U. S.
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
no substitute. • :.iwv '.t.
J. E. Piamondon of J. E. Piamondon &
Co., "manufacturers' agents, groceries
cigars, tobacco, tine stationery, ladies 1
and gents' furnishings, 6 Eighth street
says: •'Typhoid and malaria fever brought
on kidney complaint some ten years ago
or at least, left my kidneys affected, ren-
dering the use of medical appliances nec-
essary at times. Physicians advised an
operation, but I would not consent to it
as I had not sufficient faith In surgery
and not a great deal in medicine. It was
only through a rather convincing state-
ment I read in the newspapers that I
was induced to go to the No-Percentage
Drug Store, 949 Market street, for Doan's
Kidney Pills p.nd try them. .1 was sur-
prised at the result. I cannot gauge the
future and positively state Jhat there will
not be u ¦ recur,! ence, but this I can con-
scientiously say, they removed the diffi-
culty. If they had not I could not be in-
duced to recommend the preparation
neither would I have mentioned the mat-
ter to more than one personal friend.
Can Any Be Stronger. Carry Mure
"UViKht or De More Convincing
Than San Francisco Teati-
nionj-f
Make a mental note of it.
This man is well known in San Francisco
His veracity is unquestioned
You are reading local evidence.
Investigating home testimony.
San Francisco news for San Francisco
people.
It's not from Maine or Montana
Suspicion can't lurk around it
Honesty is its best characteristic
Home indorsement its salient point
DOAN'S KIDNEY PIIXS.SUSQUEHANNA; Pa., June 1,— Tfie
firemen, pump-runners and engineers em
ployed in the Erie Railroad's mines at
Forest City, have voted not to strike' on
Monday. In anticipation of trouble after
Monday, the company's property has been
enclosed with an eight-foot barbed wire
Vote. Against a Strike.
PRESIDENT BOYCE .PREDICTS
A VICTORY FOR SOCIALISM
Western Federation of Labor and the
Miners' Union to Vote on the
Question.
DENVER, June 1.— To-morro-y will be
the most Important day of the sessions
of the conventions of the Western Fed
i ration of Labor and the Western Miners*
Union. The "matter of -the adoption of
socialism or. of independent political ac
tion will come up in both conventions,
and it is expected that a vote will be
taken before adjournment for the day.
President Boyce and some of the other
leaders - predict ; a , victory -• for ¦ socialism,
but it Is admitted that this will not carry
without considerable opposition. How
strong thia opposition is will probably not
be known till the vote is counted.
.The . trouble : which : culminated in the
shooting of Gallgos. who. was .prominent
among- the; Mexicans,- was brought about
through the efforts of certain parties try
ing 'to drive the sheep fromithe ranges
about Rock Creek.
- H. V. Smith is a commissioner of the
Soldiers' • Home at Montevista and Is a
prominent citizen of that .vicinity. Much
surprise is expressed over his arrest. His
son Orval has been in trouble before. The
Hart brothers are not very' well known..
The officers claim they . have a , complete
chain of evidence against the parties and
are confident of effecting a conviction.
LAJARA, Colo, June 1.— H. V.. Smith,
Orval Smith, Earl Hart and Dude Hart,
charged with the murder of Porferio Gali
gos, which occurred on Rock Creek, in
Rio Grande County, on the 10th of Feb
ruary last, were arrested at Montevista
this morning. '}¦', '¦¦'¦, '
Authorities Are Confident of Convict-
ing Them of the Killing of
Porferio Galigos.
PROMINENT CITIZENS _.;.'.
; ; ACCUSED OF MURDER
An American scientist - who. ascended
La Soufriere ' reports to the awe of the
inhabitants that the island of St. Vin
cent may, subside. There are clear indi
cations, he said, that a considerable por
tion of the leeward district would sink.
KINGSTOWN, - St. Vincent. Friday,
May, 29. — La Soufriere volcano is still ac
tive." Another eruption occurred at 10
o'clock this : morning. It was accom
panied by a thunderous noise and a shock
of earthquake, -while 'volumes~of dense
vapor ascended to such a height that they
were visible from Kingstown. -The vapor
f ormed ' a . thick cloud over. the crater of
the volcano and this cloud was illumined
as If -by fire. In „ the- crater itself the
lightning' was more vivid than on any
previous occasion. No damage . was done
and the eruption ceased at the end of an
hour. With . the exception of this occur
rence,, the night was quiet and tne
weather fair. • Throughout Friday the
'crater was capped with dense • gray and
silver clouds and sand fell heavily this
morning on the leward side of the moun
tain within a radius of eight miles.
dents on St. Vincent.
Startling Warning 1 Is Given to Resi-
ENTIRE ISLAND MAY SUBSIDE.
TAMAQUA, Pa., June, 1.— At a meet
ing ; to-day of delegates from all the local
unions of the United Mine Workers in
sub-district No. 1, held in Coaldale to
decide whether the pump-men in Panther
Creek Valley shall obey the order to
strike to-morrow, thj anti-strike senti
ment was very strong. It is said to-night
that the greater number of the men will
report for duty to-morrow. Immediately
after the 1 meeting, strike missionaries
made a canvass of the men, but it is said
that their efforts will not be productive
of any results. This evening an official
of the Lehigh Coal and Navigation Com
pany said that the company had the as
surance that a sufficient number of men
to run the pumps would report for duty
In the mornins. . . • . " . • ¦
Sub-District No. 1.
Majority Will Report for Duty in
PUMP MEN ARE DIVIDED.
1PITTSBURG, June 1.— The blast furnace
operators of the Shenango and Mahonlng
valleys feel confident that the strike of
the furnace warkers, begun to-day, ia
practically defeated. The operators say
ten of the thirty furnaces are. working to
night and claim to have new men ready
to take the places of all strikers. No ef
fort was made to extend. the strike to the
Pittsburg. district, the leaders say, because
in some insances superintendents of fur
naces asked for more time and arranged
for conferences during the. week, and In
other cases because the organization is
not strong enough as yet In this district.
Ten Furnaces Are Working.
Excess ' of More Than Eight Million
Dollars Collected Since Date
of American Occupation.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— A statement of
the public civil revenues of the Philippine
archipelago and the expenditures there
from since the date of American occupa
tion, August 28, 1S08, to June 30, 1901,
shows :
Revenues — Fiscal year 1899, $3,507,803; fiscal
year 1900, $6,764,407; fiscal year 1001, $10,672,
752. Total for three years, $20,944,962.
Expenditures — Fiscal year 1809. $2,376, OCS;
fiscal year 1900, $4,758,678; fiscal year 1901.
$5,662,070. Total expenditures for three years,
$12,786,762.
Excess of receipts over expenditures, $8,
108,200, . '
.In addition there were funds seized
amounting to $6S0.513. All the computa
tions are in American money.
PHILIPPINE REVENUES
EXCEED EXPENDITURES
fence and .will be guarded by a large
force of coal and iron police.
The servant girls at the Hazleton
House, where some of the officers are
quartered, quit their posts Immediately
after the episode, declaring they would
not wait upon the imported men.
was feared the crowd would attack the
officers,' and trouble would undoubtedly
have occurred had not Chief of Police
Ferry and four of his men held the ex
cited strike sympathizers back until the
car left. As the car started the yelling
and hissing was resumed. Two of the
Imported men remained in the city, and
as they proceeded, through the crowd un
der police protection to their hotel they
were hooted.
CASTRIES, St. Lucia, June 1.— In
company with Professor T. A. Jag
ger of Harvard University, T. M.
McDonald and George C. Curtlss,
, I have made an ascent of St. Vin
cent's volcano, Soufriere— the first ascent
since the terrible eruption which de
stroyed about 2000 lives. We have just re
turned here from. an interesting expedi
tion, which enabled us to obtain a survey
of the conditions on the Soufriere. In our
climbing we had the assistance of six
natives, who facilitated our work by their
knowledge of the volcano.
The^ old crater of Soufriere was the cen
ter of the ; disturbance. We found another
crater, which was a half-mile deep. There
was a small boiling lake at the bottom of
this crater. We found no evidence cf
molten lava having been erupted,. but the
Soufriere emitted vast quantities of ashes
and cinders. •
The volcano is still active and is" a dan
gerous spot for explorers. Report reached
us upon our return here that another
eruption ,took place at an early hour this
morning. There was a decided earthquake
disturbance. The summit of the Soufriere
was illumined by a fiery, vaporous mass.
EDMUND O. HOVEY,
Assistant Curator of the American Mu
seum of .Natural History.
News has reached here of another erup
tion of Mont Pelee, Martinique, on May
27. Owing to the great quantity of ashes
which fell on the British island of Do
minica that day, it is presumed that the
eruption which threw them out was of
great severity. Mont Pelee is still emit
ting vast columns of smoke and flashes of
lightning from It have been seen forty
and fifty miles from St. Pierre.
Owing to the continuous rain there have
been heavy floods in the windward dis
tricts, and many houses have been wash
ed away or filled with mud. At Rabacca
the storehouse,' a large brick . building,
was washed into the sea by a stream of
mud. The wharf at Rabacca and the car
go crane there are also covered with mud.
¦ • ¦ ¦ i
From the Special Correspondent of The Call and, the New York Herald.
Copyright, 1902, by the New York Herald Publishing Company.
Scientist Gives Warning That the Island of St.
Vincent May Sink Into the Ocean.
Early Friday morning General Torres
sent a messenger to Hermosillo, who
brought news that the regulars and vol
unteers, who had joined them, recaptured
the Camou mill late Thursday afternoor.
The Mexican troops pursued a band of 300
retreating Yaquis toward El Tanque.
About half-way to that place the Mexi
cans caught up with the fleeing Yaquis
and a fight ensued. The Yaquis were de
feated and , continued their flight to El
Tanque. leaving ten dead on the field. Ac
El Tanque the Indians made a desperate
stand and a bloody battle occurred.
" It was now near nightfall, and the In
dians fought from behind trees and adobj
huts. General Torres .- led a desperate
charge and the Yaquis were rotted. They
retreated In the darkness, carrying off
their wounded and leaving twenty dead.
Many rifles and a large suppJy of ammu
nition were captured. The Mexican troops
lest fifteen killed and twenty wounded In
the fights at the Camou mill and El
Tanque. The fleeing Yaquis escaped be
hind the Matazan Mountains, and Gen-'
eral Torres hopes to confine the uprising
Later a- messenger arrived bringing
news that a large band of Yaquis ha<i
attacked the Camou mill, nine miles from,
Hermoslllo, and captured It. The milL
was defended by twenty-five Mexicans'
under command of Joaquln Rodriguez,
but they were unable to withstand the.
enemy. The troops retired after wound
ing several Indians.
General Torres on receipt of thl3 news
Immediately left with the Twenty-ninth
Battalion of regulars for the mill. Fran
cisco Munoz, Secretary of State, in com
mand at Hermosillo in the absence of
General Torres, immediately called for
volunteers to protect the palace, city and
surrounding ranches. About 200 men. In
cluding prominent merchants and their
sons, assembled and were armed with
Mauser rifles and cartridges. The volun
teers were placed under command of
Simon Bley, a prominent Hermosillo mer
chant, and . divided into three banda, one
to guard the palace, another to guard th<s
city und the third to protect and rescue
surrounding ranchers, who were deserting
their haciendas and taking refuge in Her
roosillo. - . •
On receipt of the message General Luis
Torres, commander of the Mexican army
In Sonora. assembled ail of the regulars
in Hermosillo and sent a message to the
Prefect of Ures commanding him to as
semble troops.
On May 29 a messenger arrived at Her
mosillo bearing the news that 300 Yaqul
warriors, heavily armed, had taken pos
session of the Topahue ranch, and that
between Colorado and Torres a band of
Yaquis had killed two ranchers. Other
ranchers had escaped after a hard fight,
leaving a number of Indians dead on the
field. This messenger also brought news
that fifty Yaquis had taken possession of
Pichaco, an important ranch property
near San Bartolo.
tral part of Sonora. At El Tanque, near
Hermosillo, a desperate battle was fought
between Mexican troops and 300 Yaquis.
In which the Indians were routed. "About
thirty Yaquis and fifteen Mexicans wera
killed in this battle.
Immense Damage Will Result
Should the Men Desert .
the Pumps.
Xeitlier Side Shows Disposition to
Yield and It Is Feared That
Serious Disturbances _j--*.
"Will Occur. —
properties. There are also scattered
throughout the country, it is said, about
10C0 men who are doing secret' work for
the companies. .
EACH COLLIERY FENCED IN.
Every colliery in the coal belt has either
a board or barbed wire fence around it.
At some of ?'•e mines "camps" cars are
lying on the siding for the accommodation
of. non-union men, most of whom will live
in' the colliery during the suspension.
It was very quiet around strike head
quarters to-day. President Mitchell spent
the day in going over correspondence. His
only visitors were Charles H. Schad,
Sheriff of Lacka wanna County, in which
Scranton Is located, and | a friend of the
Sheriff. There was some speculation re
garding the object of such visit. Sheriff
Schad to-day posted a notice at each col
liery in Lackawanna County warning all
persons not employed at the mines to
keep away from those properties and not
to violate the law Jn any way.
At the meeting of the firemen and engi
neers employed in the collieries of the
Susquehanna Coal Company, the Alden
Coal Company and the two collieries of
the Delaware, Lackawanna and Western
Company, held at Nanticoke t«>-day, it
was decided by a vote of about two to
one not to strike.
A joint meeting of the brotherhoods of
railway engineers, firemen, trainmen,
switchmen, conductors and telegraphers
employed by the Central Railroad of New
Jersey was held at Ashley to-night. A
resolution was adopted pledging the co
operation of all railroaders, if such a
move were necessary in order for the
miners to win their strike.
SPECIAL GUARDS ON DUTY.
ployment at Hazleton.
Public Sentiment Opposes Their Em-
HAZLETON, Pa., June 1.— The several
hundred special officers brought here last
night for guard duty at the collieries in
the Hazleton district were distributed to
day. They will be housed and boarded at
the breakers. Public sentiment here is
against the special officers. • Some of
the mine workers' leaders believe the
officers are non-union firemen and pismp
runners.
The plan of the coal companies to ex
change engineers, firemen and pump-run
ners who expressed a willingness to work,
but not in their own district, has been
frustrated by the mine-workers by the
issuance of orders to the engineers, fire
men and pump-runners who remain
away from their posts, to report at head
quarters to-morrow. In this way the
unicn will keep track of all hands. The
leaders assert to-night that all of the fire
men and pump-runners will strike. They
are not sure of tka engineers, but believe
that only a small portion of the latter
will continue to work.
The coal companies' agents say they
are prepared to fill the places of all strik
ers .and that the calling out of the en
gineers, firemen and pump-runners will
not cause them any hardship.
In some quarters the belief prevails
that if the companies succeed in keeping
their fires and pumps going, an effort will
be made within two weeks to resume the
mining of coal at some collieries with
non-union men. ¦
District President Duffy spent to-day
in Panther Creek Valley, where It was
reported there was danger of the defec
tion of some of the firemen and pump
runners.
The scene that occurred here last night
upon the arrival of a deputation of special
officers was repeated at 7 o'clock to-night,
when about twenty officers in charge of a
coal company agent boarded a trolley car
at the Hazleton House for Freeland. The
streets were crowded, and when the of
ficers came Into sight about BOO. men
rushed at them hissing and yelling. It
WIL.KESBARRE, Pa., June L— The eve
of what is looked upon as a most com
plete week in the progress of tne anthra
cite coal miners' strike finds the entire
region in apprehensive mood.
At 7 o'clock in the morning the order
of the United Mine Workers of America,
calling out all the stationary engineers,
firemen and pumpmen, unless the com
panies grant them an eight-hour work
day at present wages, will go into effect,
end no one can. forecast the outcome of
the new move. Victory for either side
will be of immense advantage and both
parties to the contest are striving w T ith
al! the power at their command to win.
If the union succeed in shutting down the
pumps the mine properties will suffer
damage that may reach into millions of
dollars, and if the employers should be
cble to keep the water out of their work
ings without the aid of organized labor it
means that the power of tne union in the
anthracite region has reached Its limit
eiid that all help In the effort to force the
mine owners to grant the demands of the
Teat army of 14/,<kxi men must come rrom
tome outside source. The mine workers
eay they will preserve the property of the
companies if tne engineers, pumpmen and
liremen are given what they asked for,
but the companies say they will permit
no outsiders to fix the hours and wages
of their men. Neither side to-night shows
the slightest disposition to yield.
FEARS OF DISTURBANCES.
President Mitchell said to-night that
this was the tirst time in the history of
his organization that the union was com
pelled to call out this class of employes
and thus endanger the safety of the
Biines. In all other Instances, he said,
the demands were granted. ...
There is a fear throughout the coal belt
that the coming week will witness more
or less disturbances. To-morrow is looked
upon by well informed persons as a crit
ical day, but it Is not expected that any
very serious trouble will occur. It is a
fact that the labor leaders have counseled
the strikers to remain quiet and commit
no violation of the laws. It is claimed
by the union that nearly all of the pump
men and firemen will quit work and that
about three-quarters of the engineers also
will refuse to continue work. This claim
was privately admitted to-day by a com
pany official familiar with the situation.
While the plans of the union have not
been made public, it, is known that a
thorough system has been mapped out
with a view of getting out those men who
will refuse to quit to-morrow. A house
to-house canvass will be started, which
r.o doubt will have much effect.' The
methods that have been adopted in re
rard to* the non-union men who will take
the strikers' places are not known. .
Practically all the non-union men to be
employed are now in the region. The
companies say that the number of those
who have volunteered to fill strikers'
places has been large and that no diffi
culty has been encountered in selecting
good men. An army of approximately
COO0 armed coal and iron policemen, sworn
in under a law of the State of Pennsylva
nia, Is In the field to-night, ready to pro
tect these men and the various mining
HERMOSILLO, Mexico, June 1.— Th8
Yaqul uprising in Sonora is spreading
rapidly and has cansed great excitement
in Hermosillo and other towns in the cen-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
General Torres Assembles His Cogv
mand for Operation Against SaV»3&
Hordes and Slopes of His Sue- ;.'../.
cess Are Entertained.
Terrorized Citizens of Sonora
Prepare for !£§¦
fensa.
Mexican Soldiers Engage
the Rebellious
Indians.
Outcome of the Struggle
Hinges Upon To-Day's
Developments.
ANTHRACITE
GOAL STRIKE
NEAR CRISIS
YAQUIS DIE
IN BATTLES
WITH TROOPS
DARING SCIENTISTS EXPLORE FUMING CRATER OF LA SOUFRIERE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL;^ MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1902.
SCENES IN THE DESTROYED CITY ON THE ISLAND OF MARTINIQUE.
REPRODUCED FROM PHOTOGRAPHS TAKEN BY THE CALL-HER
ALD EXPEDITION. (COPYRIGHT, 1902, BY THE NEW YORK HER
ALD PUBLISHING COMPANY).
3Eleventh Consecutive
Loss for the Sacra
mento Team*
Have a Long Record of
Victories Over Weil-
Known Nines*
MEMBERS OF THE AMATEUR
CHAMPION BASEBALL TEAM OF
* THE STATE. TOP ROW— CUTTER,
P.; KENNEDY, C; HEALY, R..F.
SECOND ROW— NICHOLL, SUB.;
STRUB, 2B; KEEFE, CAPTAIN
AND P.; FEENEY, L. F.; SULLI
VAN, C. THIRD ROW— FRARY, S.
S.; WHALEN, IB; MERLE, 3B.
Breaks a Xiegr Stealing: Second.
COL.USA, June I.— In one of the best
games ever played on Colusa diamond the
locals to-day won from the Amigos of San
Francisco by a score of 2 to 1. Russell for
Colusa and Mohun for the Amigoa each
pitched gilt-edge ball. Nelson of the Ami
gos had his leg broken in attempting to
steal second.
LONDON, JuQe 1.— The Coronation Der
by June 4 is expected to attract unusual
ly large crowds. If R. S. Siever's Scep
tre, now . the favorite at 6 to 4 against,
wins it will be the first instance in near
ly twenty years of a filly winning the
blue ribbon of the turf. Probably four
American jockies will ride in the race —
J. H. Martin on Ard Patrick; Jenkins on
Fouling Piece: Spencer, who will wear
the* Keene colors on Kearsarge, and J.
Reiff, who. will carry William C. Whit
ney's colors on Intruder. Reiff is retained
by M. Caillaoite, the French racing, mag
nate, who has permitted Mr. Whitney to
have ReifTs services for Wednesday next.
Derby "Will Ba Run Wednesday.
The gathering was said to have been
cne of the largest ever seen In. the West.
K. P. and Mrs. Brinesar, E. H. Parrish. Dr.
T. G. Kusseli. F. W« Runyon and Brad Startz
man;"c C. and Mrs. Moore, Byron Jackaon and
friend, R. R. l'Hommedlen and friend. Dor
vine Libby and Dorville Libby Jr., E. Court
ney Ford and three friends, F. L. Stoddard and
Andrew Carrigan, E. Avery McCarthy, ilisa
McCarthy, Leonard and Mrs. McChenery, R.
C Lennie and M. J. Tansey, Byron Jacksoa
Jr. and D. "VV. Meade. P. F. and Airs. Rockett.
J. r>- and Mrs. Brown. T. Otway Sadlier and
Sol Aransohn, Joseph Holle and Miss Earver.
John F. McLain and [W. M. Gardiner, A. R.
Fredericks and- F. "W\ Newhall. Dr. H. Kuge
ler and \V. Speyer, George F. "Whitney and
Calvin C. Elb, E. D. and Mrs. t)e Witt, Mr.
Elliott,- R. N. Whitine, Arthur Inkersley, W.
T. Plunkett, Mrs. R. R. l'Hommedieu, Miss C.
L.. Colbroth, T. A. Dorsran, G. H. and Mrs.
Bates. Mrf. B. W. Harris.
From San J03e — E. T. Stirling and Mrs.
Stirllnff.- Dr. ' C. A. and Mrs. Weyland, Mrs.
Rucker, C. Letcher, Dr. Wislocki, V/. F. Hunt
and G. H. Osen, A. H. Marten. C. E. Good
sell, A. V. Randall, Dr. C. C. and Mrs. Marck
res, W. E. and Mrs. Allen, Mr. "Van Gundy,
R. and " Frank Coykendall, J. Merchant, Mrs.
Merchant and Fred Hutenins.
From Mountain View — J. S. Mockbee and C.
H. Mockbee.
.The start was . from. Var> Ness avenue
and Market street at 9:45, the run being
under the captaincy of E. H. Fairish,
with R. R. l'Hommedieu, E. P. Brlnegar
and G. F. Whitney a3 lieutenants. The
route followed was down Ninth street
to Folsom, to Twenty-sixth, to Alabama,
to Army, to the San Bruno road, thence
to the county road and along it to Menlo
Park. The road as far as Fourteen Mile
house was rough and full of holes but
thence to Menlo Park afforded good go
ing A large rig broke down near South
San Francisco, but was repaired and
reached Menlo Park later. At about 1:30
the automobilists and their friends sat
down to luncheon served in the open air
under the trees.
It- was announced that there- will be a
run to Niles Canyon on the third Sunday
in the month.
The return trip was made by the vari
ous automobilists at their pleasure. The
roads were free from dust, which had
been laid by yesterday's rain. The fol
lowing made the trip from, San Francisco:
Nearly forty self-propelled carriages
made the rendezvous in the grounds of
the Menlo Park Hotel yesterday. Twenty
were from this . city and the remainder
from. San Jose.
Chauffeurs From San Jose
Join Forces With Men
From This City.
Run of Automobile Club
Brings Out Forty
Carriages.
AUTOS GATHER
AT MENLO PARK
Oakland had a regular "cinch in getting
OAKLAND WINS EASILY.
Colonel John Mosby, the leader of one-of
the most important Confederate cavalry
commands during the- Civil War, is in
Government service In Colorado, - charged
with preventing the private inclosure of
DUbllc lands. .:>.;•> / ¦ • •
Morning Game.
LOS ANGELK3.
: AB. R. BH, SB. PO. A. B-
Toman 8. '¦........ 4 0 0 0 3 2 2
Hannivan. If. * . 0 O 0. 1 0 0
Raymer. 2b. ,3012 6 42
Householder, cf. .... 4- 0 10 0.0 0
Rellly. 3b 4 ; 0. \ 0 .0 1 i
4 0 0 0 a 0 0
Young America and: Old England : en
gaged in a trial of strength on-the.'Ala-
meda cricket ground yesterday^ Time not
permitting the second innings of Young
America to be' finished, : the match. went
to that team by a margin of 29 runs on
the first innings. Old: , England ; went -to
the. bat first,. but. except Harold^^ Richard
son, 17, none offered any resistance; .tp the
bowling of Fortmann, who captured" seven
wickets for seven runs, the innigs closing
for 32. Youns America compiled 61, Stahl,
Richter and Erennan being the principal
scorers. Kortlang took nine wickets for
18 runs. In their second innings the repre
sentatives of Old England compiled 6!)
runs. Young America went to th6; bat for
the second time and had made 27 runs for
two wickets* when stumps - were drawn.
The full details follow: v. .'-¦ "..-¦, \,
. .-¦<{:'¦! '¦/fL<yUD ENGLAND. 'y^.V
First inninBB— " . .
H. C. .Casidy.;, W Bird 4
A. Jenkins, b. Fortmann "
J. J. Theobald,, b.- Fortmann... .»>0
B. Kortlang, c. ' Richter, b. ( Fortmann ...:..; 3
H. B. Richardabn, c. Bird, b. Fortmann.... 17
D. Jamieson, 'q.i Stahl, b. Fortmann.. '....... -.0
K. O. Blomftn, b. Fortmann.....: ...:.... 3
E. J. Stratton, b. Bird.. .............'. 0
A.O. SheatK.c. and b. Croll... '.V. .•;.... ':'.: 0
E. T. Langdale', not out.; ..;..'... * ;.......':. 0
T. J. A. Tiedemann, b. Fortmann. ..'.'.". ;...".'. 0
Wldes 3, byes 2 . ..';..-.-...:'........ 5
Total ;>X . . : , .....;... . . ;;, T. ..\. .. .... . .'.32
Runs at the fall of each wicket— I for 0. 2
OLD ENGLAND LOSES
; TO YOUNG- ' AMERICA
Oakland Turner Schuetzen monthly medal
sfcoot— H. Vindtnuller 179. H. \V. Kleinen
brolch 159. A. Schluefer 134. H. Iyoeffl«r 147
K. Maute 1C7. A. LanJjrraf 127, B. Brunle J19
H. Feldmann 92. H. Kracko 110. A. 6"huli<>
80. B, Leni 112. A. Engelbaxdt 84.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club monthly
medal ehoot. Two ranges. Hrst class 200
yard*. Two scorn at tt-n vards each 'Her
man Huber lead th» flret claa* with 407' points
J Cobby. 179. 173. 3S2; W. A. Slebe 19» J«8
a«l ; K. Fiebe. 14S. 142. 2f>0; L. Siebe 161 102
2C3; H. Kkinenbrolch. 141. J24. 265-'li JUrk
haver. 300. 5<J. 156; H. Skinner. 71 121 wi-
H. Bortfeld. 134. 113. 2*7; A. Nlehaus 117
13!>. 256; T. Brown. 137. 145. 282; H. Hub^r'
208. 1U9. 407: G. Mitchell. 171. 178^ 349- EF
Trout. 79. 100. 178; \V. P. Patten. Cl So'oi'-
F. J. Perry. 164. 159. S23. ' ' '
ScoreB In second class, 50-yard range 22-cal
lb*r rlHe. two scores of ten shots each E~
AVixson lead with .187 points. A. Ramm 192'
185. 377; Dr. Bert Roche. 174 186 860- D*
-VVilbtrn. 185. 1C7. 232; E. Niehaus.' 137 78*
215; L. Murphy. 167. 173. ::40; \V. Paulson 160
138. 304; \V. Wi:kee. 181. 182. 303; J. C. Rlngen'
178. 185. 3C3; E. Wixeon. 177. 210. 3ST
Third class. 50-yard range. 22-callber rifle,
two scores at ten shots each. O. Poulson lead
with 345 points. B. Schullerts, IS" 132 28»-
A. Cahalan. 170. 1C5. 341: A. Bearwald! 112*
111,. 223; J. Kenney. 119. 135. 314: O. Paulson
150. S6. 2TW; J. Burton. 117. 113. 230; A. Poul
een. 156. 14'J, 305; O. Poulsen. 17S. 167 345- F.
Schultx. - 99. . 1CS. 2r<7; C. Thiele. 83. i22 205;
G. Hughes. 150. 9$. 24R; J. Vcra. 113* IIS.
2C7; V. Poulsen. 120. in, SCO
San Francisco Verein'g regular monthly
H U R?'n,t ho ?, t v r I> A D ™ cker W& A - Mocker J83.
H. Stalling: JSC. o. Lamcke :«S. F. Koch 3U9.
am H ?"? el *r- F " P " Schustp r *2i, H. Cecher
490. John Hommann 490. L. N. Rltzau 503
n .V^ 11^ 5 -' 12 - D " Salfi el4 622. R. Stettin
665. 1). B. Faktor 75«. E. Doell 771 Fred
na j u c i2 -^r%r ioze - luu >Bendei
There were a goodly number of experts
at Shell Mound rifle range yesterday to
take part in the San Francisco Schuetzen
yerein's regular monthly bullseye shoot.
It was blowing half a gale and only fair
eceres were made. The monthly medal
shoot of the Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle
Club brought out a strong entry. The
Oakland Turner Schuetzen Club also held
its monthly medal Khoot.
Folio wing are the scores of to-day:
High Wind Interferes
With the Work of
the Shooters.
Home run — McHalo. Two-base hit— Waddell.
Sacrifice hit— Gleudon. First base, on errors —
Los Angeles 1, San Francisco 1. ..Left on basos
—Lob Angfeleft 1, San Francisco 1. Struck out—
By Waddell 7. by Glendon 3. Double plays —
HanJon lo Waddell; Holly to McNichols to
Nordyke. Time of game — One hour and twen
ty-eight minutes. Umpire — O'Connell.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 0 2 0 00 0 0 ;0 0—2
Ua»e hltB 1 1 O 000 0 1» O^ — 3
San Francisco ....0- 0 0 ." S 0 0 1 2 0—3
Base hits .../.. .0 1 0 2. 0 0 1 2 1—7
Totals ....83 0 7 '2 27 17 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. "
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McNichols. 2b 4 0 0 0 ; 2 3 1
McHale. If 1 4 2 10 10 0
Nordyke, lb .. .. 4 0 0. 0 15 1 0
Shugart. 3b ..4 1 2 1 0 41
Leahy, c 4 12 13 1 • 0
Jlolly, SS 4 .0 10 0 50
I>av.-ler, rf 4 0 0 0 1 0 '0
Delmas. cf .'. 3 1 1 0 3 0.0
Glendon. p 2 0 0 0 2 30
Totals .....30 2 3-- 0 27 11 '3
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH.- SB. P0. A. E.
Toman, ffe 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
Harnivan, If 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Raymer. 2b 4 0.0 02 2 0
Householder, cf . . . . 3 1.0 03 00
Rellly. 3b 3.1 1 0 0 2 0
Waddell. p 3,01 .0 2 2.1
Anderson, c 3 0 0 0 \,7 1 0
Hanlon. lb 3 0 0.0 10 1 , 0
Slagle, rf . . • 3 O 0.010 1
LOS ANGELES.
The afternoon game was a little better
as far as the error column of the locals
is concerned, but quite as bad for general
listlessness on the part of some of the
fielders. Siagle was the worst offender.
He allowed three easy hits to get past
him In rightfield, one of which rolled un
der the fence and counted as a homo run.
Rube Waddell- pitched great ball, ..but
ecemed to lose heart after the fourth in
ning. Glendon allowed only three hits,
one of them being: Waddell's two-bagger.
Score afternoon game:
. LOS ANGELES, June 1.— San Francisco
took both games to-day by putting up a
fast quality of baseball, N while most of
the Los Angeles team played like . a lot
of amateurs. Especially Isithls true of
the morning game. All sorts of errors
¦were made, unt.l the column footed seven.
PLAY .LIKE AMATEURS.
The regular monthly live bird shoot of
the California Wing Shooting Club held at
Ingleside yesterday was well attended.
F J Stone, who was one of the best shots
in the Fresno Gun Club, has joined the
local organization and participated yes
terday in the monthly contests. G. W.
Gibson of Williams is also one of the
Club's new members. , Yesterday he shot
from the twenty-five yard line and made a
clean score in the club shoot. Dr. A. T.
r>erby from the twenty-seven yard line
and ••Slade" from the twenty-six yard
line both made clean scores in the club
U-ent After- the club contest had been
finished four six-bird pools were con
tested. The scores mads in the club
shoot were:
H j U stins (28 yds; ) 221*22012212-10
P j Walah (29 yds.) 2*1212211121-11
O W Gibson (25 yds.) .1112111211111—12
a" Reamer (2S yds.) 0«0210121112— 8
C" A HaTght Ol yds.)........2122222222O3-ll
-Slado" (26 yds.) „ 111111212221-12
j J Sweeney (30 yds.) 221111»1122l-ll
M O. Feudner (33 yds.) 22221»222222— 11
C C. Nauman (31 yds.).. 1222211*1222— 11
S. R. Smith (30 yds.) 022221M21-2— 9
Edgar L. Forstcr (25 yds.).... 111220110111— 10
Dr E. G. McConnell (26 yds.).. 011111011121— 10
Phil B. Bekeart (30 yards). 222122220222—11
r>r A T. Derby (27 yds.) 112111211121 — 12
F. J. Stone (28 yds.) 0212111*1210 — O
(*)— Dead out of bounds. (2)— Second barrel.
SIX-BIRD POOL.
H. Justlns .1 12 2 1 2—6
S. R. Smith ..121 2 1 2 — «
C. C. Nauman.. 2 0 10 2 0 — 3
J.J.Sweeney 12 111 l— «
E. G. McConnell 1 2 0 11 1—5
F. J. Stone i 2 2 0 2 1 2 — 5
"Slade" 0 2 1 1 1 1 — 5
A. T. Derby..... ....1 1*11 2 — 5
C. A. Haight... ......I 2 2 2 2 2— «$
• SIX-BIRD POOL. .
C. C. Nauman. 2 2 111 1 — «
George Gibson 1 11 10 2 — 5
C. A. HalEht. 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
H. Justlns 2 111 12—6
J. J. Sweeney 2 1112 ,2— «
E. O. McConneU ' 0 2 2 1 0 1 — I
K. J. Stone 2 12 2 0 1 5
S. R. Smith...." 0 1.1 1 0 1—4
A.T.Derby ......2 1 2.2 2 2—0
P.J.Walsh.. 2 1 1 2 1 1—6
"W. I>. Gerstle 2 0 0 0 0 0 — 1
SIX-BIRD POOL.
Nauman ....;......-....... .1 1 11 2 I — 6
Haight ..0 2 2 2 2 2— S
Justins .....1 2 1 2 1 2 — 6
Sweeney' -. 1 112 1 2 — 0
F. J. Stone *.'l 0 2 2 2 2 — 5
Feudner ..............: 2 2 2 2 2 2— tt
McConnell..: • 1 2 1 1 1— 5
Walsh ......:..'....; ..1 11 1 • i_s
Gerstle 10 0 12 0—3
Reamer - -O 12 1 1 1 — 5
Sltf-BIRD POOL.
Nauman '.. .....2 10 0 2 0—3
Haight.. I.... 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
Gibson 2 1 2 1' 1 0 — 5
Derby J 1 11 1 2— e
Stone 1 1 1 1 1 2—6
Justins ...» 2.2 1 2 1—5
Feudner- 1 2 2 2 2 2—6
Sweeney 1 .2 2 1 2 1 — 6
Gerstle • 1 1 1 O O 2 — I
Reamer .......••::.... 12 2 11 i_«
j V. Coleman 1 12 10 1—5
smith 1 1221 0— a
Parka 1 *> O 1 O 2 — J.
Pigeons Stand but Poor
Chance With the
; Trapshots.
Three-base hit— Delnias. : Two-base hits —
Siagle. Holly. Nordyke. Sacrifice hit— Holly.
First base on errors — Los Angeles l,;San Fran
cisco O. First base on called balls^-On! SJasle
2. off Whalen 1. Left on bases— Los Angeles 4,
fan Francisco 9. Struck out^-By 1 Whalen. 1.
Hit by pitcher— Shugart. Double' play-^Nor
dyke to McNJchols. Passed ball — Roach. -Time
of game — 1:40.., Umplreij-O'Cojinell. ¦ ; - ¦¦;'
Los Angeles . 0 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits ...... 0 0 1 2 1 0 0 0 ' I-7- r >
San Francisco 2 0 1 0201 8 x-- »
. Base hits 1 ' 1" 1 -» .2 ' 2 -.0. 2 2' x— 11
, SUMMARY. '
Totals 39 0 11,;..4 27 .11 ' 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. ',
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McNichols. 2b 5 12 16 -3 .0
McHale, If 4 2 106" 0 O
Nordyke. lb. ........ 5 2 , 2, 0 8 2:0
Shugart, 3b. : 4 1.0 2 * 2 *2 0
Leahy, c. .......... 4 1 213 0 0.
Holly, s. ¦¦....- 4 0 10 1 3 0
Lawler, rr 5 -1 1" . O ¦ O O O
Delmas.cf, ........ 4 1 1 '0 ~ 2 ~ 0 0
Whalen. p 4 0^ 10 0:1. 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
has defeated both the University
of California and Stanford University
players, the Normals,. Redwood, Santa
Cruz, New Century of San Jose, Belmont,
Garden City Athletic Club and numerous
others. The college has In past years
furnished excellent teams, but the per
formance of this year's collection of colts
outdoes anything within the recollection
of gray-beareded baseball enthusiasts.
'These young athletes carried everything
before them. They took' three straight
games from Stanford and won two out of
three from the San Jose Normals. It re-
Roach, c 3 0,. C. 0 4 0 1
Hanlon, lb 3 10 1 7 0 I
Siagle. p. ..........3 0.2 0.0 3 0
Totals 32 1V5 3- 24* 10: 7
AREMARKABE showing has
been made this season by the
baseball team flying the colors of
Santa. Clara College. The team
Santa Clara Collegians
Retire as Amateur
Champions.
for 0, 3 for 8, 4 for 10, 5 for 12, 6 for 20, 7 for
21. 8 for 81. 9 for 32, 10 for 32.
. SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
, • ' ' : Maid- "Wick-
Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets.
W. G. Fortmann.. 74 7 '. 7 7
Bird ... ...... C6 19 2 2
K: J. Croll 6 1 . . 1
- Fortmann bowled three -wide balls.
¦ Second Innings — ¦'
H. C. Casldy.-b. F.ortmann..... 0
E. T. Langdale, c. J. Bird, b. B. Bird 20
B. Kortlangr. b. Bird V. "I
J- J. Theobald, b. Fortmann - O
E. J. Stratton, b. Blrd..v. ;:........ 0
H. B. Richardson, c. Fortmann, b. Croll .... 15
E.G. Sloman, not out: .....11
A. G. Sheath, b. Fortmann 0
I>. Jamleson. c. Rlchter. b. Croll 4
T. J. A.- Tiedemann, not out ?.. 8
A. Jenkins, did not bat... ,...'.
•Wldes 2, leg byes 2 .,, 4
• Total . - 6!>
Runs at the fall of each wicket — 1 for 2, 2
for 9, 3 for 11, 4 for 12, 5 for 13, fl for 38, 7 for
46. 8 'for 52, 0 for 69.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
. Maid- Wlck>
: Bowler— Balls. Runs. ens. ets.
B. Bird 48 . 16 : 2 3
W. G. Fortmann.. 30 - 14 1 ,3
F. J. Croll 30 24 .. 2
"VV. Jamleson . 18 J 11 .. ¦ . . -
Fortmann and Jamieson each bowled one
wide ball, ul
YOUNG AMERICA. .
First Innings — : ¦ ' .
B. Bird, b. Kortlang- o
F.-J. Croll, c. Sheath, b. Casidy.... 12
V. Seebeck, b. Kortlang 0
W. McNaughton,- b. Kortlang. 2
F. Stahl.'c. Stratton, b. Kortlangr .- 13
W. Jamleson, c.» Sloman, b. Kortlanff. ....... 0
W..©.- Fortmann, b. Kortlang.... 5
W. Rlchter, b. Kortlang. .12
J. Brennan, not out.'..: n
B. Theobald, b. Kortlang. 4
J. Croll Jr., b. Kortlangc... 0
Byes ;.......
¦ Total ....:.. .....01
Runs at the fall of each, wicket — 1 for 0. 2
for 6 3 for 12, 4 for 14, 5 for 14, 6 for 27, 7
for 30, 8 for 53, 9 "for Cl, 10 for 61.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
• „ •" Maid- wick-
Bowler — ' Balls. Runs. ens. ets
B. Kortlang C9 18 . 3 9
H. C. Casidy..... 43 27 * 2 1
D. Jamleson...... 18- 14 • .. ;.
Second inninss— ; ¦ ' " ¦
W. MeNaughton, ¦ b. Kortlangr ¦. '. . . 3
W. Rlchter, to. Kortlang............,.; 3
F. Croll,. not but. .........;..........., .... .12
B. Bird; not out. '. ....18 ¦
Wide .....'. .-. -. i
Total for two wickets 37
W. Jamieson, W. G. Fortmann, V. Seebeck,
F. Stahl, B. , Theobald and J. Croll Jr. did not
bat.- ...- . ' ¦ . - - '¦:...
Runs at . the fall of each wicket — 1 for 6, 2
for 7. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ' ¦ ¦ ¦ v ; ¦ ¦
- ; SUMMARY OF BOWLING. •
¦• . ¦ . ' - ¦ - - ¦ Maid- Wick
¦¦' Bowler—- ' . Balls.' Runs. ens. ' ets.
B.- Kortlang....,'. 86 , .12 .. - 2
H.C. Casidy.... .'30 .. 24 2 "'..
Kortlangr bowled one wide. "
GAMES LOST.
February 6, Normals 0-3
February 9, San Francisco. .." 4-{j
March 18, Dan P. Carters 7-10
April 3. St. Marys 3-4
% The players are all young 1 men, but few
of - them having had experience . In the
baseball Held. Keefe, the captain, is the
exception. Charles Graham, now catcher
for the Sacramento league team, coached
the college team. ' Farry was manager for
the nine and arranged the games. Through
his efforts the Sodality Park grounds op
posite the Santa Clara College were in
closed with a high board fence, which was
paid for' out of the proceeds of the games.
The members of the team and the college
faculty are proud of the season's work.
January 19. Red Men 8-2
January 25, Stanford 13-6
February 2. San Jose 9-7
February 20, Stanford 6-4
February 22, Normals 5-3
February . 27. Belmont 3-0
March 7, Normals 7-2
March 0, New Century ; 8-4
March 13, Stanford..... 2-0
March 17, Berkeley. .' 4-3
March 23, Redwood 6-3
March 30, G. C. A. C 9-7
April 13, Santa Cruz 6-3
April 19, (3: C. A. C. 0-2
GAMES WON.
mained for the qollege boys to demon
strate their invincibility by defeating- the
Berkeley "Giants" .on March 17 by a score,
of 4 to. 3.
The line-up for the season was: Keefe
and Cutter, pitchers; Kennedy, catcher;
Whalen, first base; Strub, second base;
Merle, third base; Farry, shortstop;
Peeney, Sullivan and Healey, fielders;
Nicholl, substitute. They won fourteen
out of eighten games, as follows:
Two-base hits — Easan. McCreedie,' Gorton.
Mohler. Sacrifice hits — W^alters, Sciimfdt. P*irst
base on errors — Oakland 2, Sacramento 1. First
base on called balls — Off Schmidt 3, oft Thomas
6. Left on bases — Oakland 5, Sacramento 6.
Struck out — By Schmidt 2,' by Thomas 2. Dou
ble plays — Francks to Gorton; Hogan to Hulen.
Time of zame — 1 hour and 50 minutes. Um
pire—McDonald. • . .
SUMMARY.
AB. K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, c. f 4 00 0 2 00
Hulen, 2b.: 3 1 1 0 6 3 0
Sheehan, ss S 0 0 0 1 1. 2
Eagan. lb 4 1 2 0 8 0 0
Rellly. 3b 4 O 1 O 1 O 2
Levy, 1. f 4 0 1 0 3 1 0
Hogan, c 4 0 1 0 4 4 2
Warner, r. f.. 3 0 1 0. 0 0 0
Thomas, p 4 0 1 0 0 3 0
Totals 33 2 8 0 24 12 6
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ... 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits 3 1 0 1 11 0 0 1— S
Oakland 1 0 2 0 0 12 0 x — 6
Base hits 2 10 0 12 11 x— 8
Totals :.27 6 8 3 27 * 18 1
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R..J3H.. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. t.. :..'... 3 , 1 1 0 11 0
Mohler. 2b....: 4- 1 11 "2 8 0
Gorton, lb 3 2 2 1 9'0 1
McCreedle, r. f ...... 4* O 2 0 2 0 -* 0
Devereaux, 3b..':.... 4 0 0 0 1 1 0
Dunleavy, 1. t. 3 00 0 2 0 0
Francks, bs... 4 0 2 1 « 2 0
Lohman. c 2 0 0 — 0 4 . 1, 0
Schmidt, p 0 2 0 0- 0 5 0
OAKLAND.
ii:side the money at the morning squa
ble on the far side of the blue ocean wave
The usual packed stands and bleachers
greeted", the . familiar faces of the favor
ites, and the rooters did much in sending
poor. M}ke Fisher down another notch to
oblivion.
Little Willie Thomas opposed the good
patured Schmidt in tossing the elusive
sphere toward the home plate. He did
rjot twirl up to his usual standard. Eight
hits were made off the offerings of each
man. bnt the many errors, which ..marked
the Senatorial field work did much toward
swelling the run column of the commu
ters. The score: i
Thr*«-base hit — Dunleavy. Two-base hits
Devereaux, Francks. Sacrifice hits— Gorton
McCreedle. First base on called balls— Oft
Cristall 5. oft Dowllng 2. . Left on bases— Oak
land 7. Sacramento 1. Struck out — By Crlstall
2. by Dowlin* 2. . Double plays — Mohler to
Francks to Streib <2). Streib to Francks to
Streib. Time of game— 1:30. Umpire— Mc-
Donald.
SUMMARY.
Sacramento 0 0 0 00,0 O 0 0 0
Base hits O O 0 0 C 0 ' 0 0 , 0 0
Oakland 0 0 1 0 l l o 1 ¦ x— 4
Base hits 0 12 0 2-2 0 3 x— 10
Totals .... ..24 0 0 0 24 10 0
RUNS A!ND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, cf 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Hulen, 2b ...3 0 0 0 1 1 '0
Khcr-han. 3b 3 O 0 0 4 1 II
Eag-an, lb 3 O O O 8 0 "O
Rellly. 3b 2 0 0 0 2 4 0
Levy. If 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
Graham, c 0 0 0 0 2 1 0
Hogan, rf 3 0 C 0 1 O 0
Uov.-ling. p 3 O O O 1 3 O
Totals 31 4 10 0 27 12 O
SACRAMENTO.
A3. R. PH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dex-ereaux. 3b .....4 0 1 00 2-0
Mohler, 2b 4 0 1 0.2.3 O
Etreib. lb 4 1 2 0 12 10
McCreedle. rf. ......3 .0 2 0 0 0 0
Lohman. c 4 1 0 0 2 1-0
Dunleavy, If ...3 O 1 0 3 0 0
rrancks, a. a 4.1 2 0 5 5 o
Oorton. cf 2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Cristall. p 3 110 10 0
OAKLAND.
The Senators never seemed to have a
chance, with Ewinp's erratic left-hander.
He had them at his mercy at all stages
of the play. Dowling pitched a gilt-edge
article of ball, but every hit made off his
delivery counted like money on pay day.
The score:
Josh Rellly, cheery Bill Devereaux,
Julie Streib, Cristall and Dunleavy were
the heroes of the game. All were given
a liberal hand for the -wonderful plays
they" made. Reilly picked up two appa
rently impossible stops at third and
robbed Devereaux and McCreedle of two
as clean base hits as ever left a bat.
Devereaux's play was just like Reilly's,
and Truck Eagan was the victim. Streib,
by a great one-hand stop, robbed Hogan
of a nice single and doubled up Graham
at second. Dunleavy made a great run
ning catch in left field. Cristall retired
the Senators without allowing a man to
gret as far as second base.
AH four of Oakland's runs were the re
eult of timely batting, and all -were well
earned and subbornly contested. Great
work with the willow was shown by Mc-
Creedie. Dunleavy, Francks and Streib.
Most of the tallies were registered when
two had been sent to the bench. Dun-
Ifavy's three-cushion wallop to far left
field was the choicest of the collection,
and it scored Streib from first. •' .
The weather was a treat in both games.
The play in the struggle at Eighth street
was in keeping with the beautiful June
day. The game went like a racing auto
mobile through -a. mud bank at the bot
tom of a hill, and was full of surprises
and snappy work from the cry of "Play
ball" until Hulen retired by the Mohler-
Streib route, '
FOR the fourth time In the last
month the members of the cham
pion' Oakland ball team have
turned their backs on old Recre
-ation Park with a cigar lead in the
pennant race. Yesterday was even a
nicre memorable occasion than the rest,
for the fast nine which flies the colors of
Cal Ewing established a' few, records that
stand unequaled on a California diamond
in recent years and are liable to stand
ior ail time In this league.
OaKland has played Sacramento thir
teen games, and of that number has won
eleven straigr.t, tied the famous nineteen
inning contest and lost but one. its pres
ent standing is .733, wnicn leads i^os An
geles by .loo points. It will take marvel
ous playing on the part of the other teams
to oust me champions from their great
lead.
lefeterday afternoon's game will «o
down in baseball history as a wonder.
Cristall, the Cleveland soutnpaw, pitched
Ior the cnamps and retired, the Senators
without either a run or a hit, establish
ing a record which cannot be beaten and
in all probability will not be equaled. Not
an errur was made by any of tne eighteen
p.ayers engaged in the struggle. Some
of the most brilliant fielding ever seen
on a ball field was done by both sides.
Both games resulted in Oakland's favor
morning'6 to 2 and afternoon 4 to 0.
The main attraction on the card was
the resurrection of the time-honored Rube
Levy— old Rube— who was a familiar sight
on the historical Hal~ht-street grounds
when most of the present players were
wheeled to the games in baby carriages.
Rube was reincarnated by kindly Mike
Fisher and gamboled around the left field
green. It remains for trie fans to say
whether the veteran will continue in base
ball or retire to the woods.
Clubs— Played. IVon. liost. Pet.
Oakland 45 33 12 .733
Los Angeles 44 24" 20 .545
San Francisco... « 21 22 .488
Sacramento 41 10 34 .227
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
Cristall Shuts Out the
Senators Without
a Run or Hit.
RANGES ATTRACT
MANY RIFLEMEN
Third round — Silver Cloud beat Ma=ter
Rocket. 7-3; Wertgewood beat Rural Artist. 4-1-
Santonin beat Tra'.ee Boy, 3-2; Sofala beat Sir
Fafra, *i-». .
¦ Focrth round— Wedgewood beat Silver Cloud
4-*»: Saritonln beat Sofala, C-2.
• Deciding course — Santonin beat "Wedgewood,
Open stake — E. Geary's Ireland beat P.
Mullarky's Mamie Pleasant, 5-0: B. Eilva'B
Master Rocket b^at E. Geary's Fenii, 14-12;
C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud beat S. A. Smith's
Petronius.- 6-1; P. M. Clarkson's Golden Gar
ter beat J. F. Rogers' Glaucus, 3-O: J. Regan's
Menio Prince beat P. J. Morgan's Musket, 7-5;
Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat P. M. Clark
son's Flower of Gold. 3-0; p. M. Clarkson's
Prompto beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells, 3-0:
K. Jones* Wedgrewood beat L. M. Connell's
Republic. 3 2-4: Chiarini Bros.' Santonin beat
Pasha Kennels' Regal Attire, 2-0; Pasha Ken
nels' May Hempstead beat W. Johnson's Ar
ticulate. 5-3; P. Doyle's Liberator beat J. Hur
ley's Sugar Cane. X-O; T. J. Cronin's Tralee
Boy beat Tosemite Kennels" Mose, 13-7; E
Geary's Fannie Hughie beat Chiarini Bros.'
White Hat, i'S-7; G. Sharman's Sir Pasha beat
Aeneid Kennels' May Morning, 14-6; J. Car
roll's Cascade beat E. Geary's Boy Hughie. 7-1-
R. Attridge's Sofala beat G. Sharman's Little
Sister. U-ft.
Second round— Master Rocket beat Ireland.
7-5: Silver Cloud beat Golden Garter, 3-0; Rural
Artist beat Mcnlo Prince. 6-1; Wedgewood beat
Prompto. :v-O; Santonin beat May Hempstead
5-0; Liberator beat Tralee Boy, 4-0; Sir Pasha
a bye. Fannie HuRhie withdrawn; Sofala beat
Cascade. 3-2.
Deciding course — Beacon heat Game Boy.
Consolation stake — Game Boy beat Vandal,
3-2: For.tenoy beat Devrdrop. 6-3 r Roman Ath
lete beat Aggie \V, 11-0; Beacon beat Aeolus,
14-1.
Second round — Game Boy beat Fontenoy, 6-2;
Beacon beat Roman Athlete, 14-10.
Stcond round — Palo Alto beat Narcissus, 21
35; Rector boat Anchor. 5-1; Homer Boy beat
Sacramento Boy. 8-3; Royal Archer a bye. Real
Article withdrawn.
Third round— Rector a bye, Palo Alto with-.,
drawn; Homer Boy beat Royal Archer.
Deciding Course — Rector beat Homer Boy.
6-1.
California Coursing Committee stake^-C.
Gassagne'e (names) Xarcies-us beat P. J. : Reil-,
ly's (names) Vandal. 8-6; J. R. Dickson's
(names) Palo Alto beat E. E. Shotwell's
«r.ameF) Game Boy. 6-2: Dr. F. C. Clark's
(names) Rector beat Carl Chiarini's Dewdrcp.
4-2; H. Lonjers' (names) Anchor beat H. II.
Lyon's (names) Fontenoy, 5-1; H. A. Deckel
man's (names) Homer Boy beat J. H. Rosetter's
Roman Athlete. 7-0; Dr. E. J. Weldon's
(names) Sacramento Boy beat VT. M. Kent's
(names) Agrie W, 16-2: D. Delury's (names)
Rcyal Archer beat R. K. Malcolm's (names)
Aeolus, 12-5: C. W. Edgecomb's (names) Real
Article beat G. MacE. Malcolm's (names) Bea
con, 5-4.
Puppy stake — A. R. Curtis' Miranda beat
Homestead Kennels' Maid of Terminus, 38-2;
.Araeld Kennels' Matters Much beat. J. Con
way's Wing: Wing, 5-0; A. McLeod's Money
Jdwsk beat Chiarini Bros.' Cosette, 10-S; J.
.Regan's Flora Belle beat A. Vanderwhite's Hot
Sloes. 32-S.
Second round — Miranda beat Matters Much.
17-10: Money Musk a bye.- Flora Belle with
drawn. • ' • . ¦-*- ,
Deciding, course — Money Musk won by de
fault. Miranda withdrawn. . • * .
A. R. Curtis* fawn greyhound Rector,
running in the name of Dr. P. P. Claik,
president of the. California Coursing Com
mittee, won the champion stake yester
day at Union Ccursirg Park. This event
is run annually on the day after the year
ly meeting of the committee. The stake
was won last year by Sir Pasha, running
in the name of H. A. Deckelman, at that
time president of the committee.
Beacon, the over-night favorite -for the
etake, and Palo Alto were retired early in
the running. Beacon met the Pasha Ken
nels' Real Article in the first round ami
•was installed a. 1 to S favorite. Beacon
had a lead up the field, the hare running
parallel with the southerly fence. It
turned to the right near the upper corner
and Beacon followed on the line of ihe
game. When the hare broke out into the
Held again the two dogs were in collision.
Beacon went on and scored the turn ana
a wrench, placing Real Article for throe
turns and the. kilL
Real Article injured a- foot and was
¦withdrawn. Beacon then went into the
consolation stake, which he won cleverly.
Palo Alto met Narcissus In the second
round of the big stake. They drew a long
distance hare, which led them a merry
chase for more than two minutes. Palo
Alto ran a sensational course, showing
epeed and gameness. He won easily and
was then withdrawn.
With these two cracks out of the way it
•was plain sailing for Rector, which went
through the stake flying, beating Homer
Boy in the deciding course.
The hares were a good lot. In the pup
py stake two of the dogs had to be with
drawn, as they had long trials. They
were to meet A. McLeod's Money Musk,
•which thus won two courses and the
stake by default.
. In the deciding course of the open stake
Santonin beat Wedgewood pointless. The
results of the day's coursing in detail,
•with Judge John Grace's official scores,
follow: • . ...
GUNMEN MAKE
CLEAN SCORES
The following matches were played on
the park courts: George Bates beat
Charles Dunlap. 6-3, and tied Harry
Routh, 6-4, 3-6; H. A. Turner beat R.
Turner, 6-4. I
Grant Smith won the tennis champion- j
ship of San Francisco yesterday on the
California Club courts. The new.cham
pion played a clever game that proved
much too strong for his opponents. In the
final match Smith had for his opponent
William B. Collier, who, from the form
ho displayed on Friday, was thought to
have a good chance of winning the tour
nament. After beating \ K. N. "Whitney
Collier looKed like a sure winner, but he
was outplayed' at every point of the game
by Smitn. Tne latter s serving was par
ticularly strong ana his volleying accurate
and swift. In this match Smim won tne
lirst two 'sets with the loss of but two
games. In the third and last set he again
ran the score up to 5-1 in his favor and
linally won out 6-3. The complete score
W As was expected, the matches yesterday
were much better than those on friuay.
By far the best match of the tournament
was that between Percy Murdock the
Alameda champion, and fcJmith % Murdock
was rattier slow to start and bmith tooK
the first set 6-1. In the second set and
the beginning of the third Smith tried to
win from the back; court. MurdocK soon
ran the score up to set all and 3-1 in his
favor, at whlph point Smith changed hi.s
tactics and essayed a net game. The lat
ter was strong at the net and won five ou.
of the next six games. The complete
score in favor of Smith was 6-1, 3-b. b-4.
Murdpck played an accurate driving
game, but his opponent beat him out on
steadiness. „ ,
The other match of the semi-finals was
also an interesting one. In it Sherwood
Adams was opposed to W. B. Collier. The
former made a much better showing in
this match than was expected. In the rirst
set the score stood 5-4 and 40-30 in favor
of Adams. At this point Adams- was a
trifle overanxious and netted an easy
ball. The match finally .went to Collier,
the score being 9-7, 6-4. • "
A large crowd was on hand to witness
the final match, which was expected to
prove a good one. Smith made a runaway
affair of it— too one-sided to be Interest
ing. Collier tried every style of play dur
ing the match, but his opponent had him
beaten from all parts of the court. The
San Francisco championship was inaugu
rated last • year, when it was " won by
George Whitney.
The class singles tournament com
menced on Golden Gate Park courts last
Sunday was finished yesterday. In the
first class Charles Dunlap defeated Harry
• Routh in straight sets. This was unex
pected, considering the showing made by
each in the California Club tournament.
The score was 6-3, 6-3, 7-5. • In the second
class M. C. Campbell won easily. Camp
bell was formerly in the first class and
will probably olay there in the future.
In the semi-finals he beat Clarence Cole
man, 6-4, 6-3 and in the finals he disposed
of Ed Finnigan in easy fashion. The score
was 6-2, 6-1. This is the first time Dun
lap and Campbell have won the cups.
The following -practice matches were
played on the California Club courts: J.
Gibson beat Herbert Schmidt, 4-«. 6-0, 6-4,
7-5; Harold Crowell beat Frank Mitchell,
9-7, 6-2; A. Duncan beat Dr. Noble, 6-3,
7-5; A. Worthington beat W. F. Bull, 6-fl,
6-1, 6-0, 6-3; Joseph Daily beat Smith.
O'Brien. 2-6, 8-6. 8-6; G. N. Armsby beat
H. E. Punnett, 6-3, 6-2.- 2-6; Frank String
ham tied Sidney Salisbury. 9-7, 2-6. In
doubles Stringham and George "Whipple
beat P. Brown and Salisbury three sets
-out ot five: Worthington and Bull tied
Duncan and Noble, 6-4, 3-6.
Beacon Redeems Himself by
; Winning Consolation
Match.
Charles Dunlap Wins From
Harry Routh. on Park
'. Courts.
Runs in Name of Dr. F. P.
Clark in a Special
Event. .
Tennis Player Defeats
All-Comers in a [
Tournament.
RECTOR WINS
A RICH STAKE
GRANT SMITH
IS A CHAMPION
OAKLAND BASEBALL PLAYERS BREAK RECORDS
IN ERRORLESS GAME WITH SACRAMENTO TEAM
COXJ2^SI3NTC3-, BASBBA^B^ TENNIS SHOO'I'ING"
THE SAN FRANCISCO-GALL, MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1902.
4
AJ3VEBTISEMEMTS.
SYNOPSIS OF ANNUAL STATEMENT
OF THE——
Connecticut Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF COX./
nectlcut. on the 31st day of December.
CAPITAIi.
Amount of capital stock said up
in full $1.000.000 e»
ASSETS. " ~*
Stocks and bonds owned 12,297.840 CO
Value of real. estate owned.... 217,000 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages.. 1,193,750 00
Cash on hand and in bank 392,602 8i
Premiums In course of collection
and transmission 217.413 71
Total admitted assets $4,313,611 B2
UABIUTIES. =====
Gross clataa for losses unpaid..; 279,043 62
Amount of unearned Dremlum oa
all outstandlne risks 2. 031,114 70
Total Liabilities 52,310,188 33
Total Insurance in force Decem-
ber 31. 1901..... t328.391.270 00
INCOME. ~ 1
Premiums received durlnje th»
year in cash > J2,377,138 67
Interest and dividends received
during the year 138.4S3 86
Rents received durinc the year
net •• • 8,502 63
Total income ..-....'......... S2.639.124 88
EXPENDITURES. .
Losses paid during the year S1.3Q2.72S 41
Dividends paid durins the year
on casltal stock 100,000 00
Commissions and salaries paid
during the year 673.049 IS
Taxes paid during the year 72.878 43
Amount of all other expenditures 172,195 90
I2.3S1.743 93
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
411 CALIFORNIA ST.
BENJAMIN d. SMITH, Manager.
COLIN M. BOYD, Agent for San Francisco.
VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for ME*
sffir^K MORMON' BISHOP'S PILLS
JSii l li«i have been in use, over fifty
Blfc ftMSgm years by the leaders of th»
ff©!)»?? i^CSSi Mormon Church ami their
SSv^^TB^a followers. Positively cure the
KJ¥« ffi'g&a worst cases In old and younaf
f!3v*eAV*^3 arising from effects ot self-
l^irA)g» abuse, dissipation, excesses or
VSE Q >S»iar» clgarette-smoklns- Cure lost
- HxSjjlr Manhood, Impotency, Lost
sESSr power, Nlsht Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, r-m Varlcocele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner «TJ 93 vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are -._„__ Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *-¦"» * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cura la at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulats
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 EUls St..
San Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 3a
and 40 Third st.
DR. JORDAN'S great 4
{MUSEUM OFANATOim
. "S . ~ TI >e Latest Anatomical Musem» in tbe
I iWjA- "lu worid. ¦ Weakneuo or uiy contracted n
L. $P3»| * sease P«»>ii»»ljr carnd by the oldest X
O I,K « 1 ap«aa::!«t on the Coast. Ext. 36 years. ©
4 gj*g£§ OB- JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEM 0
\ f W§^ H Consul tation free and strictly private. \
fl JJ A^fei H Treatment personally or by letter. A 9
\ 8 r u rt Mitiv * Cur sin ere tyca?s undertaken. \
if i ii/A Write for Book. FBILO«»PBY<ili
\ i II " a*«Bl**Ki MAILaa FHE. (Af
A g fj. »alnable book for men) \
f DB. JOSDAN & CO.. 1051 JVfarfcpt St. R. P. fRock Island Route Excursions
Leave . San Francisco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via Elo Grande and Rock Island Ratl
ways, and via Los Angeles am! El Paso every
Sunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
Rock Island Hallways, for Omaha. ¦ Kansas
City. .Chicago and all points East. For further
information address Clinton Jones,- General
Asent Rock Island Railway. 624 Market gf*
MEXICAN BANDITS KILL '
GTJABD OF A PACK TRAIJf
Secure One Hundred Thousand Dol-
lars' Worth of Bullion and Es
cape in the Mountains.
DURAXGO, Mexico. June 1.— Brigands
attacked a mule pack train which waa
conveying silver bullion of the value of
more than $100,000 from the mines of the
Pievamide Mining Company at San Jose
de Gracia to Mazatlan Saturday. The
guard r was ' driven off, one man being
killed. The bandits secured the silver
and fled to the mountains.
New Five-Mile Cycling Record.
NEWARK, N. J.. June 1.— The feature
of the meeting at the Vailsburg track to
day was the riding done by M. L. Hurley
of the New York Athletic Club, the ama
teur champion. He. captured . both the
half-mile and the - five-mile handicap and
broke the world's record in the distance
races. He covered five miles in 11:C'J. Tne
old record was 11:13 4-5. »
Thanksgiving in Victoria.
VICTORIA. B. C, June 1.— The news of
the signing of the treaty of peace was
announced here by the ringing pf - fire
bells. The fact that it was Sunday pre
vented a more elaborate celebration. To
night a thanksgiving service was held !n
the drill hall. Several thousand ' people
attended. -
Collision Injures a Driver.
LOS ANGELES, June l.-As a result of
a collision with a car early to-day at
Pasadena avenue and Twenty-second ave
r.ue. Thomas Jeffries r received injuries
which may prove fatal. The horse which
he was driving had a leg broken and was
shot immediately after the accident. The
buggy was demolished.
Car Crushes Child to Death.
¦ BAKERSFIELD, June £ 1. — Willie
Mackic, tlie 11-year-old son of Joseph
Mackie of this city, was killed by a street
car this afternoon.. The boy was ridinc
a head-strong horse, which took the bit
and ran toward the car. The front of the
car struck the animal and threw the boy
beneath the wheels. . -
sues and Causes a Decrease
EFFECT OF BORAX
ON HUMAN t SYSTEM
Interferes With the Renewal of Tis-
in Weight.
BERLIN, June 1.— Experts attached to
the Imperial Health Office have published
a bulk-in pamphlet giving the results of
their protracted experiments to determine
the effect of bprax upon the human sys
tem. The tests were made upon four men
and were carried on for two years. Ac
cording to the pamphlet, the tests have
proved that borax in the human system
retards the assimilation of albumen and
fats and interferes in the renewal of tis
sues. A single dose, of borax remains in
a man's body for eight days. The con
tinued use of borax even in small quanti
ties causes an excessive loss of liquids
and a decrease in weight, without in
creasing the subject's thirsty or hunger.
In some cases these phenomena assume
a threatening aspect.
AUSTRIA AND HUNGARY'
FACE SERIOUS CRISIS
Much Depends Upon the Tact of Ein-
peror Francis Joseph, Who
Will Intervene.
VIENNA, June 1.— Well informed per
sons here say that, while the speech made
in the upper Relchsrath by the Austrian
premier. Dr. von Koerber, in which' the
speaker Intimated "that, much as Austria
desired to maintain its friendship with
Hungary, there were certain lengths of
concession to which it was impossible for
Austria to eo, it tvas not intended to be
aggressive toward Hungary. Neverthe
less there is no doubt that a serious crisis
exists, and that everything depends upon
the tact of Emperor Francis Joseph,
whose Intervention has become Inevitable.
It is expected that His Majesty will sup
port Dr. von Koerber's position.
TENTS OF VETERANS
WILL BRIGHTEN A GROVE
Preparations Being Made for tho
Gathering of Old Soldiers at
Healdsburg-.
HEALDSBURG, June 1.— Lure's Grove
will be the scene 1 of much martial activ
ity on June 17, when the sixth annual en
campment of the Veterans' Association of
Northern California will begin. One thou
sand members -will be In the camp for ten
days.- Company A,- First Regiment, of
Oakland, 100 strong, will go into camp
with the association. The famous battery
of Judge Buckles of Solano County, legal
and otherwise, will mount guard over the
camp. The Ladies' "Veterans' Aid Asso
ciation will have charge of the canteen,
to be supplied with liquid refreshment
from the near-by Healdsburg storage
reservoir. Four hundred dollars will be
contributed by the business men of the
town to help pay the expenses of the en
campment. • -
PORTLAND REGISTRATION
SHOWS A_ BIG DECREASE
PORTLAND, Or., June 1.— The registra
tion for' to-morrow's election is 90,000, a
decrease of more than 10 per cent from
that of the Presidential election in 1900.
The decrease in registration will undoubt
edly cut into the •Republican vote, but
Chairman Matthews of the Republican
State Committee Is confident of the suc
cess of the entire Republican ticket.
Chairman Samuel White of the Demo
cratic, State Committee left last night for
his home in Baker City confident of the
election of George E. Chamberlain, the
Democratic candidate for Governor by
5000 majority.
. BERLIN, June 1.— The British colony
In Berlin Is arranging to celebrate , King
Edward's coronation with a dinner at the
Swedish pavilion not far from Berlin. In
view of the anti-British feeling existing
here it was concluded that It would be
better to celebrate the event outside of
the city, and thus avoid any possibility
of provoking a demonstration.
Will Celebrate the Coronation.
FIVE PRISONERS ESCAPE i
FROM JAIL AT LEADVILLS
Who Kijled Two Deputies at
Kokomo.
Among Them Is a Daring Criminal
LEADVILLE. Colo., June 1.— A daring
jail-break took place here to-day about J
p. m. Five prisoners from the County
Jail are now at large. The jailer was in
the front office when a trusty notified
him that some of the prisoners were miss
ing, and an investigation showed that
"Pug" Ryan, Ben Gray. Herman Guest,
Max Bowen and Jim Sullivan had escaped
by an underground passage. They had
sawed off the lock of A trapdoor leading
to a sewer, broke the sewer wall and then
crawled to the outside of the jail through
a small hole In the foundation wall. Ryan
is a desperate criminal and had been
brought here from Breckenridge for salu
keeping. He was the leader of a gang of
desperadoes that terrorized the mountain
towns several years ago, and during a
battle with deputies at Kokomo In the
summer of 1898 he killed two of them,
Sumner Whitney and Ernest Leonard.
Ryan succeeded in making his escape but
was captured In Seattle.
ACCTJSES HIS COMRADE
'OF DECLARING HIM DEAD
Mining Engineer on His "Way to Pas-
adena to Prove His Terres
trial Activity.
PASADENA, June 1.— Relatives of J. A.
Adams, the mining engineer, who was re
ported killed on the Mojave Desert, have
heard that he is alive and en route here
to prove that J. P. Fay, who assumed his
identity, spoke falsely. Adams and Fay
were prospectors together. One day Ad
ams wandered away and Fay thought him
lost. He took Adam's -credentials and
represented himself as Adams, a licensed
mining engineer, presented himself to
Alderman Ashworth of Colorado Springs
and asked for employment. Ashworth,
suspecting wrongdoing, broke the story
down, and Fay confessed. Relatives of
Adams heard of this and investigation
has elicited that Adams was not killed,
but "was lost and rescued, spending some
time in a hospital. He is a grandson of
John Brown of Harpers Ferry fame.
Letter Found on the Deceased Show3
That the Act Was Pre
meditated.
MEMBER* OF A SUICIDE
CLUB POISONS HIMSELF
CHICAGO, June 1.— A letter found In
the, possession of L. Wachman, a trav
eling salesman, who committed suicide
in a North Clark street saloon early to
-day, leads to the belief that he was a
member of a "New York suicide club.
From passages in the letter It is thought
that another member of the club com
mitted suicide last week in New York
City. Wachman fell dead while being
served with a glass of beer.
Physicians who examined the "body de
clared it was a case of poisoning. •"
A bottle of poison bearing the name of
a small town in California was found in
Wachman's pocket. The letter ' which
leads to the theory that the suicldt; was
premeditated affair was from T. Wolf,
N: ew York, dated - May 25th. The missive
was written in German and was poorly
spelled. such parts of it, however,
as could be understood It was gathered
that Wolf'and Wachman were members
of an organization, the members of which
pledged themselves to end their lives.
¦
¦
a
a
¦
¦
¦
WASHINGTON, June 1.— Under the
terms of the unanimous agreement
reached last Wednesday the Senate will
\t;te at 4 o'clock Tuesday on the bill pro
viding: a form of civil government for the
Philippine Islands, and the entire inter
vening time of the. Senate's sessions will
be devoted to fifteen-minute speeches on
the bill. The Senate will meet at 11 o'clock
on Monday and on Tuesday for the pur
pose of giving additional time for the dis
cussion. A large number of short
speeches will be made, but no order for
their delivery has been agreed on.
The general understanding is now that
on Wednesday, after, the disposal of tho
Philippine bill, the Nicaragua canal bill
will be called up and made the regular
order of business. An effort will be made
to substitute for the ' Nicaragua bill the
bill introduced by Senator Spoonerj leav
ing to the discretion of the President the
selection of an isthmian canal route, and
its champions are claiming a majority of
the Senate will support them. The friends
of the Nicaragua route, and also the ad
vocates of a policy that would leave the
President discretion as to the route, now
say there is no necessity or prospect for
prolonged debate. A number of speeches,
however, have already been announced.
Senator Hanna will speak at length for
the Spooner bill, as will Senator KiU
redge. Among those who hav-2 indicated
their purpose of addressing the Senate in
the Interest of the Nicaragua route are
Senators Harris, Mitchell, Foster of Lou
isiana, Turner and Morgan.
The present understanding is that the
Cuban reciprocity bill will not be dis
cussed during the week. That measure is
still in committee, but probably will be
reported on Tuesday or Wednesday, its
terms having- been practically agreed on
by the Republican members of the com
mittee, and Senator Platt of Connecticut,
chairman of the committee, having indi
cated his purpose to lay the bill before
the full membership at an early day. /
The- bill agreed on provides for-' a
straight reduction for live years of 20 pei"
cent of the duty on Cuban goods coming
into the United States, without imposing
conditions as to immigration and labor,
or, indeed, any other conditions.
It is the present intention to have the
Republican Senators caucus on the bill
when reported, with the hope of making
it a party measure and thus avoiding tho
division in the party ranks which was
experienced over the question in the
House of Representatives.
The naval and District of Columbia ap
propriation bills probably will be reported
during the week, but their Immediate con
sideration will depend largely on tho
readiness of Senators to continue the dis
cussion of the canal question.
During the coming week the House
probably will act on three important bills
which the Rules Committee decided some
time ago to bring before that body at the
earliest opportunity. These are the anti
anarchy, the Pacific cable bill and the
Senate irrigation bill. No time limit is to
be set on the anti-anarchy bill, considera
tion of which will be entered on to-mor
row, but it is not believed that it will oc
cupy more than two days.
A day is to be -given to" the bill for the
Government cable to the Philippines and
three days to the irrigation bill. In case
the general deficiency, the last of the bis
appropriation bills, is ready before the
end of the week, the programme abov-3
outlined may be Interrupted, as appro
priation bills and conference reports are
to have the right of way.
. WASHINGTON, June 1.— The following
correspondence "between General Brugere
of the French mission to participate iii
the Rochambeau statue exercises and
President Roosevelt was made public to
day: , ¦ . ¦
BOSTON, May 31, 1002— His Excellency
Theodore. Roosevelt, President or .the United
States: Before my departure for 'France,
whither important duties call me, I desire to
address to you, Mr. President, and also to the
Government and people of ' the United States,
the thanks of the French mission for the kind
ly and warm welcome which it has received in
your beautiful country. We take back with
ui after too short stay In this hospitable land,
an inetraceable souvenir. We have here found
brighter than ever the remembrance of the
brotherhood in |rms which united Washing
ton's soldiers to those of Kochambeau, and it
la particularly pleasant to me to think that
our visit may have contributed- to draws, still
closer the bonds of traditional. friendship, whicn
for more thanja century have existed' between
the" United States and Franca.". ¦
Permit me, Mr. President, to thank you per
sonally for the hearty sympathy. ' which you
have been pleaaed to manifest tome, and to in
torm you tnat we all entertain the best wished
for .your prosperity and 'for that of the great
American nation, the friend Of France.
- GENERAL, BnUGBKE. .
WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON June 1.
1002. — General Brugere, Boston: Ac,cept my
most hearty thanks ior your courteous mes
sage. It has given our people genuine pleas
ure not merely, to receive tnc Embassy from
our great sister republic ";on such an occasion
as tiiis. but especially to. recerye "an Embassy
composed of such men as those whom Presi
dent Loubet has sent hither. "Your visit has
done good in more ways than one, , and on be
half of the American people I , again . desire to
express .to you how sincere has been our wel
come and to wish' all happinexs in the present
and in the future to you and to the nation you
represent. THEODOUE ROOSEVELT ¦
BOSTON, June 1,— Trie" sentiments of
gratitude leltv by the members of the-mis
sion delegated uy. the President of France
to attena -the unveiling at Washington of
the statue of the Count de Kochambeau
fcund xinal expression this afternoon on
the battleship Gaulois, which conveyed
the mission to this country and late this
afternoon left for Lisbon, whence it will
go to France..
A dinner was served on the battleship
Gaulois, attended by the. special repre
sentatives of President Roosevelt, repre
sentatives of the State of Massachusetts
and the city of Boston, the members of
the French Embassy at Washington and
the members- of the Rochambeau mission.
The afterdeck of the Gaulois, where the
dinner was served, was transformed into
a bower of beauty under a canopy.
Around were arranged the flags of the
French and the American republics.
When the Gaulois steamed out of the
harbor, aceompanied by. the battleship
Kearsarge and the cruiser Olympia, she
fired the national salute of twenty-one
guns, which was returned by the Olym
pia.
California Plums and Pears
Are Given Preference in
the Empire.
LONDON, June 1.— The most interesting
question to-day in connection with the
Stock Exchange is whetlier or 'not the
steady upward tide of the past week .will
spend itself in the fu.ee of the official an
nouncement of peace. The general impres
sion is that this tide- will not stop, al
though prices generally, considering the
trade outlookj^are Quite high. There is,
apparently, still enough reserve force in
the market to produce at least a moderate
sentimental spurt coincident with the
oliicial announcement, of peace. Indeed,
the more optimistic observers look ior
ward to a prolonged boom and only a few
conservatives profess to believe tnat the
advance has already been discounted. Ono
thing is certain, that the professional ele
ment is in a state of high tension and
praying that for a while ac least the pub-
Jic will come in and buy patriotically and
recklessly.
Conditions are not altogether favorable
for lively trading. Money was decidedly
scarce at the recent settlement. and a big
speculative account is already*', open for
tne rise. It is also fully expected that at
a meeting of the discount houses, to bo
held June 3, it will be decided to put up
the rates. Still, the tone of the market
has been remarkably cheerful, consols
closing last week at the highest point of
the year, and the American outlook is
rapidly clearing on better money, the crop
outlook and .hopeful reports of the set
tlement of the strike.- London rails, both
provincial and home, fared very well last
week. High investment stocks had a good
week and speculative buying has forced,
up the cheaper securities. The chief fear
for the Stock Exchange is that it may be
swamped by an excessive load of . new
loans and new companies which are now
eagerly awaiting flotation. • .-rC
The chief feature of the American sec
tion of the market has been .the strength
of Canadian Pacific, rumor having it that
the Canadian Government arfd certain
American magnates are bidding against
each other for control of the Canadian
Pacific lines.
.Foreign bonds generally were strong on
the signing of the arbitration agreement
between Chile and Argentina.
Mines still have an upward tendency,
but constitute one of the most cautious
sections of the market. s.
Much quiet realizing is proceeding
among a class which has had its money
locked up for a long time past.
BERLIN, June 1.— The Boerse has had
the best week it has known for months
and values rose in all departments. Berlin
caught London's optimism regarding
peace in South Africa, The activity in
Kaffirs in London is strongly reflected
here.
I The shares of the Hamburg-American
i. and the North German Lloyd lines were
i the strongest on the market and 'were
bought even by outsiders. The public
takes an optimistic view of the agreement
between these lines and the Morgan syn
dicate as it affects the German lines, but
shipping experts do not regard with favor
the earning prospects of the navigation
syndicate. Much attention has been at
tracted here to the statement and figures
of an important personage in the steam
ship business to the effect that the Mor
gan syndicate will be unable to earn divi
dends because it is heavily overcapital
ized. ;,v ;
Emperor William has sent a telegram
to Herr Ballin, general manager of the
Hamburg-American line, congratulating
him on the excellent terms of the agree
ment reached with the Morgan syndicate.
WASHINGTON. June 1.— The ancient
palace of Charlemagne in Germany is be
ing renovated with Georgia pine. Cali
fornia plums and pears are preferred in
th<? empire to the formerly famous fruits
from near-by Italy. Servia and Bosnia,
•tfid American machinery is being used
to improve the water works of Aix la
Chappelle. These are some of the facts
made in an extract from Commercial Re
lations for 1901. made public by Frederic
Emory, Chief of the Bureau of Foreign
Commerce, to-day.
An alarming condition brought out in
the publication Is the fact that the Ger
mans are copying American-made articles
eo closely that the imitations bid fair to
make serious inroads on the sale of the
genuine goods. Says the extract:
In epite of the trad* depression prevailing; in
Germany Imports of American goods *re ad
vancing, according to the reports of tnoCon
eular ctficers in that country, especially m cer
tatn lines. Our chairs and desks, says Con
tul n. A. A man of Breslau. are kept in stock
fcy the dealers in that city. Other officers
inenticn the same articles, but Consul Ozum
of HtuttRart notes that the competition of Ger
man articles copied after American patterns is
making inroad? into what otherwise would be
a splendid market for our goods. Consul Har
ris of Mannheim says that while eighteen
months ago our office furniture had the field
almost wholly to itself, to-day roll top desks.
file cases, bookkeei>ers' desks, typewriters'
desks and ether office furniture of American
design, but of German make, are entering the
market.
The same, he tays, is true of bath tubs and
other stationary appliances. Nevertheless our
goods are making their way.
There has been a decided Increase in the
quantity of American articles appearains in
the shops of Alx la Chapelle during the past
j-t.ars. says Consul Brundaee.
Consul General C. L,. Cole says that there is
an apency for an American steam automobile
company in Dresden.
A well known American harvesting machine
company recently has established a geniyal
tfTPncy in Mannheim and the prospects for trade
ai<» pood.
Most varieties of American canned fruits.
Fays Consul J. White of Hanover, are preferred
to the native products. •
According!- to Consul Baehr at Magde
burg. California plums last year supplant
ed the Bosnian and Servian product,
•which formerly had held the market "^Tie
California plum was of better quality and
cheaper. Dried California pears, well
packed in cases, were imported in- great
quantities and sold at comparatively low
prices. The demand for our pears is con
stantly increasing, to the detriment of
the trade in Italian fruit. American ap
ples were also imported in large quanti
ties.
Values Rise in All the De
partments on the Berlin
Boerse.
There Is Little Likelihood of
There Being a Long
Debate.
Each Refers to Warni Friend
ship of Franco and the
United States.
Announcement of Peace
£>ends Stock Prices .
Skyward. * >
Senate Will Take It Up
After the Philippine
Measure.
Brug.ere's Farewell Note
and the President's
Reply. r _ v
Interesting Report From
Consular Officers in
Germany.
ISTHMIAN BILL
NEXT IN ORDER
LONDON EXPECTS
PROLONGED BOOM
FINAL EXCHANGE
OF WELL WISHES
AMERICAN GOODS
IN BIG DEMAND
TJbfJK '.SAK JTJRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1902.
5
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
P PILLS 4
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as
Wind and Pain in the Stomach, Sick Head-
ache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after
meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness, Cold Chills
Flushings of Heat. Los3 of Appetite, Short-
ness of Breath, Costlveness, Blotches on the
Skin. Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams,
and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations,
&c. THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF IN
TWENTY,, MINUTES- This is no fiction.
Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one
Box of these Pills, and they will be nek-
nowledged to be WITHOUT A RIVAL.
-BEECHAITI'S PILLS taken as direc-
ted, will quicldy restore Females to complete
health. They promptly remove any obstruc*
tion or irregularity of the system. For a
Weak Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver,
they act lilce magic— a few doses will wort/
•wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthen-
ing the muscular System, restoring the long-
lost Complexion, bringing back the keen
edge of ; appetite, and arousing' with the
Rosebud, of Health tlic whole phy-
sical energy of the human frame. . These
are "facts" admitted by thousands, in nil
classes of society, and one of the i best guar-
antees to the Nervous and Debilitated is
that BEECHARfl'S PILLS have the
Largest Sale of any Patent
Medici nos In the World.
j Beecham's Pills have been before
the public for . half a century, and
are the most popular family medicine.
No . testimonials aro published, as
Bcecham's Pills •
RECOMMEND THEMSELVES.
Prepared only by Thomas • Beecham, St.
Helens, En£., and. 365 Canal St.. New
Sold everywhere in boxes, lOc. and 25c
STATEMENT
¦ — or the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
AfiRSCULTURAL I
INSURANCE COMPANY '
OP "WATERTOWN, IJT' THE STATE OF
New York, on the 31st rtay of December,
A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on that
day. as made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the
provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Jd Ca3h $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... 337,400 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 775,211 50
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
ami Bonds owned by Company.. 724,685 62
Amount «f Loans secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
other marketable securities as
collateral 239,244 M__
Cash in Company's Offlce ¦ 4.183 11
Cash in Banks 133.230 69
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 11,854 63
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages t 27.973 S3
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 119.981 08
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2,930 68
Total Assets ....$2,376,679 35
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid....:. $29,101 88
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense • 88.182 05
Losses resisted, including: expenses. 11,070 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $826,803 00:
reinsurance 30 per cent 413.401 SO
Gros3 premiums on Fire Risks run- . •
nice more than one year. $1,462,- ¦ -
979 00; reinsurance pro rata.... 767,432 13
Total Liabilities ; $1.281.137 64
DfCOMK.
Net cash actually received ] for
Fire $1,087,631 17
Receive^ for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages • . • • 44,424 S9
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and ;-i*
trcm all other sources 44.433 23
Received for Rents 4.542 2S
Received from all other sources... 944 05
Total Income $1,181,975 64
. - •¦¦ ,—
KXPEXDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Lcsses
(Including $S5,02O 56. losses of
previous years) $521,691 57 i
Dividends to Stockholders ....... 60,000,00 '
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Erokerase 224,839 27
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 88.237 44
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 49,211 63
All other payments and expendi-
tures ••• 102.892 57
Total Expenditures $1,036,961 SI
¦ . =
Louses Incurred during the year $554,874 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire R!3ka. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks 'V, ". . »"V«-
written during the
year $164,453,500 $1,653,972 00
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 139.510.000 1,540.213 CO
Not amount In force
December 31. 1901. 230. 617. 000 2.289.782 CO
' A. H. SAWYER. President.
W. H. STEVENS. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 19th
day of February. 1902.
* .. .L. B. COOKE. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department. .'
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS.
411-13 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
-, CITY~AGENTi . :
GEORGE H.MURDOCK,
412 California Street*
STATEMENT
; ' — _of thi: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE " '
DELAWARE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the -31st day of Decem-
ber, A. I>. 1901, and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the -Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections G10 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $702.875 00
; assets.
Real Estate owned by Company. . $200,500 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 127,700 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 955,713 01
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. - 60,000 00
Cash in Company's Office 490 14
Cash in Banks 63,515 75
Interest due 'and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 12,622 57
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1.795 42
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 86.634 85
Agents' Balances 3D.580 72
Rent due and accrued 60S 34
Total Assets .$1,544,160 SO
' LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $700 00
Losses in . process of Adjustment
or in Suspense .....' 66,870 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 1,000 00
Gross premiums on" - Fire Risks .
! running one year or less, $466,-
400 55; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 223,204 77
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one .year
$730,312 00; reinsurance pro rata 374,727 45
Amount reclalmable by the insured j
on perpetual Fire Insurance Pol-
icies 113.9O2 79
Cash dividends remaining unpaid. 77 00
Total Liabilities $770, 4S2 01
INCOME. '
Net . cash actually received for
Fire premiums $681,162 35
Deposit premiums on perpetual
risks 10,199 92
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 6,297 50
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other --sources...- 41,072 33
Received 1 for Rents 9.S20 00
Received from all other sources... 43,822 29
-, Total Income $792,374 41
EXPENDITURES. ~~
Net amount ' paid for Fire Losses
(Including $C2,422 89, losses of
previous years) $391,931 04
Dividends to Stockholders 21,080 25
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage '. . 170,760. 67
Paid for Salaries.. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. . . . 62,575 4C
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 23.9C7 71
All other payments and expendi-
tures 67,493 16
Total Expenditures $739,814 29
FlreT
Losses incurred during the year... $3S9,242 00
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
1 Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $SO,0OS,G96 $S90,9S0 41
Net amount of Risks
expired during the -->.:.' ¦ •
year S6.470,t3o 800. ISO 80
Net amount in : force •¦
December-31. 1001.. 110.983.187 1.157,823 81
. CHARLES H. TARNELL. President.
HENRY LYLBURN. Secretary.
Subscribed, and sworn to before me, this 23U
day of January. 1002.
- RICHARD H. REILLT. Notary Public.
Pacific Coast Department: *
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
GENERAL AGENTS,
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
\ CITY AGENTS t '• V
ROBINSON & NIPPERT,
r .1 ;, 216 Sansomc Street.
»/ __op THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
' ' OF THE
INSURANCE' COMPANY
OP PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-,
nlshed by' the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $500,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $397,178 54
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 882,402 55
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... .796,552 50
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds, Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 2,700 00
Cash in Company's Offlce\. 8,867 74
Cash In Banks >. 63,138 30
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks arfd Loans 7,052 67
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages. : 13,677 80
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 169.531 00
Ground rents, well secured 19,520 00
Rents due and accrued 265 73
Total assets $2,360,S86 S3
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid. $61,693 35
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense ...\ 93,903 73
Losses resisted, including expenses 23,966 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $1,039,- -
y 678 11; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 519,789 05
Gross premiums on Fire risks run-
ning more than one year. $875,-
087 53; reinsurance- pro rata 419,159 31
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual fire Insurance poli-
cies r 575,309 64
Commissions and Brokerage due-
and to become due. T. . . . 30,351 50
Total Liabilities $1,724,173 26
INCOME. ~~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$1,263,029 23
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages . 48,108 54
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 36.664 37
Received for Rents 8,sS7 84
Received from all other sources.. 28.650 68
Total Income $1,385,340 71
' - EXPENDITURES. ~~ '. "~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including. $126,103 04, losses of . -
previous years) $1,018, 183 18
Dividends to Stockholders 15,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage ...." ,' 2C4.207 60
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other'-
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44,100 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes •• 44,561 63
All other payments and expendi-
tures 163,307 07
Total expenditures . . . . . .. .$1,549,359 38 ;
."'... * " Fire. T
Losses incurred during the year. .$1,071,643 00
Risks and Premiums.' Fire Risks. Premiums. ,
Net amount of Risks
written during '¦ the
year .... . . : $156,775,529 $1,836,940 19
Net amount of Risks •
expired during the i <
year /... 153.1S0.261 1,701,209 71
Net amount In force - ¦¦-•..
December 31. 1901.. 165.143,920 1,914.665 64
~~~ T THOS. H. MONTGOMERY. Pres.
riil RICHARD MARIS. See.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, 1902. ¦ '
H. F. REARDON, Notary Public .
' ¦"..- : /' '
Pacific Coast Department.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS,
¦ GENERAL AGENTS,'
411-413 CALIFORNIA STREET,
6AN FRANCISCO, CAL.
• CITY AGENTS: I
C. A. HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
INSURANCE COMPANY
Of ERFURT. GERMANY, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1901. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
rurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
WO and Cll of the Political Code, condensed '
be prrr blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAIa.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $450,000 00
ASSETS.
Ttea.1 Estate owned by Company.. S4C3.235 00
iVij^s on Bonds and Mortgages.. S.O£t>,471 90
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
end Bonds owned by Company.. l,SCS,0£2 29
Amount of Loans secured by
jiiedge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
collateral . .«_, 953,293 77
Caen in ComiSfir's Offlce 4.846 01
Ceth In Banks ...? Sfcj.lOS Do
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans SS.134 19
Interest due and accrued on Bonds .
and Mortgages .' 6,678 61
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection :. 214,798 98
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Klre. Marine. Life.
Accident, Burglary and Flate
Glass Risks 495,645 82
Due from ether Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid 129.213 78
Due from Life Insurance Com-
panies 221,356 73
'.Total Assets .S12.814.811 03
LIABILITIES.
losses adjusted and unpaid.... 1 ).
Xx>Rces In process of Adjust- 1
ment or in Suspense V $237.190 00
Losses resisted. Including ex- 1
penses J
Gross premiums on Fire Risks!
running one year or less,
$ ; reinsurance 60
per cent 748,337 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
f • ; reinsurance pro
rata J
GrofS premiums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Pasks,
S ; reinsurance 100
per cent 4,800 16
Crocs premium* on Marine
Time Risks, $ ; re-
insurance 50 per cent
Liability under other Branches.. 9,776,220 28
Cash dividends remaining unpaid 235 00
Pension fund of Company's em-
ployes 120,107 40
Jl1\ other Liabilities G16.324 26
Total Liabilities .$11,402,914 86
INCOME. "
2Cet cash actually received for
Fire premiums $1,629,844 73
3Cet cash actually received for
Marine premiums 21.825 55
Received for interest on Bonds
and Mortgages- 322,138 47
r.ecelvcd for interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans
end from all other sources . 90,889 C9
j>, ce jved for premiums of other
Branches 1,677.661 S3
Received from all other sources.. 52,601 7u
Total Income $3,694,961 07
EXPENDITURES. ~~ ~
net amount paid for Fire Losses. $812,274 01
ICet amount paid • for Marine
Losses 32.032 13
T>! vifiends to Stockholders 120,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 553,256 64
Taid for Salaries, Fees and other .
charges for officers, clerks, etc. S24.843 41
Paid for State, National and » .
Local taxes 29,274 80
AH ether payments and expendi-
ture* 1.0S4,729 67
Total Expenditures $2,956,411 66
Rieks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
JCet amount of Risks
written during the
year $927.26S,610 ?2.S2S,406 7C
yet amount of Risks
expired during the
year 884,587,027 2,257,793 OS
JCpt amount in force i
December 31. 1901.. CT2.540.679 1.474.457 82 :
Xl:eks ar.d Premiums. IMar. Risks. Premiums.
yet amount of RUskr!
written during the!
year ! $35,051,264 $15.016 25
Net amount c? Risks!
expired daring the •
year I 19,276. 40S 42,513 97
yrt amiutit in force!
December 31. 19C1..J 14,021,700 21,823 05
DR. MAX LL'DEWIO. Manager!
CARL SCHUMANN. Secretary.
6ub»=crlbed and eivorn to before me, this 17th
4*y d April. l!»02.
THOS. E WING MOORE, U. S. Consul.
v ¦ : v-fV
V05S, CONRAD & CO.,
Managers,
San Francisco.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BBBaBHBBHBBIHBBaBBBBaaBaaBHBaBBBIlHBBaBBBBBBBBBSBBKBHBBBBB^HH'DBIiaBBB
| WtE RLI NO FURNITUREJ
B *. , _ . •- All the little necessaries are ' | I! ' ¦
B v KlCnmontt KangCS f here. China and glass ware, \ ' g
S . ARE ABSOLUTELY PERFECT. tnhle »nrt heH linen eV ei<v *> •*
¦ Bkip the. worry and expense ot buying a" raDIC » ntt ° ea linen — CVC|«y- Q
1 new stove every three or four years. Buy thing tO make VQUP home COZV 1\- • /M. • ¦ «1 A? W
S ¦ and comfortable and bright. Dmm 2 ChaiF » 51-95. . ¦
S, — it's what we know. There are hundreds . ..•» - Arm fKr»?r %h. L^ K
J of Richmond ranges in San Francisco that ' \ **I Ul WUUU, »
¦ have been" in constant use loneer than . _ . " • The prettiest medium priced diners in 5
H twenty years " EdipSC Witt MattrCSSCS, $3. town. Solid oak. of course. Seats . aw g
Ed ? $5 down, $1 a week. r ' T extra deep, backs are extra hish; no ¦
B i Hardwood frames, varnished. The fabric spindles, but broad, polished panels in the B
t« ; ' . . ... is attached to a steel band,' which in turn back. ' - je
¦•¦ - ' ;rVf "A', 'V- bU aS S. d Se^ave™^ Trt^ £\.™'*i^ "^ '"<***'*
B -•.:"• li'f F j *' Mv wooden beds and in double and three- ' C
¦ I , f [ ¦ .If' | I I i I I J | :j.f , . quarter sizes for nletal beds. ' ¦
a - i^ £:^^S^^S? ¦': :? ' oo1 Smyrna Rugs. »
" " l«£2^^5£* I . SO inches wide, 56 inches Ions; C1 yff H
5 j B hrr.*;,,,,-.--..,,. . >~-^*^' i ~-gTa.'j l . CX ' " ¦ ¦ 'Ira IT CO oer rpiioLSTKREr> par- 5
» \ xLJg£ ! l>-£b t-i "JTS^. -sbH^ r. jS3\[Vt Jsjl Al O>6»^&O LOR ROCKERS oak. or K
Bl -|g^^y^jp^^^'iiifflliJjauu^|y u'i . ' /*^J'-rr"'^'<: X*f\ . mahogany finish, ensravej backs, twi.itej ES
0 / :- \\ ¦" -J- -'- ' . urir? WfSIS^-tJSS^Vp IT <K1 arm B
H I; — \| -^— •¦--¦¦ -^ W-13' «- m C? --—=£*¦ «1>1»OW. ROCKERS, made of elm. p
m \\ ;i.rr!. rr^ , • — . - _^ — s^r 1 - |K = .| ;r ™»' Eg.; —^=- - -^Z—IL^^m golden oak finish, the usual $2 kind. £3
| Dainty Divan, $11.00. ¦'\^<'^\ I
q Mahoganized birch frames, pretty silk. * I]! 1 ~^^' - f^~ '¦ /i*~~ || " *#jfw S^ I'' D
j § Note the dainty scrollwork In the back. iti <j~^±^^r .'I^7^r W ; , l^&JJsS'l'Jfk^'' ' ' t>< rt
! S3 : the twisted arm posts and the French leg». |j i^^B^^^V^^T IfcE- rit gftHltl W
! IT «4O A THREE-PIECE PARLOR V <-£f, ' / JjES, © J? £ff £ £
H Al tpTfU SUIT, l'Art Nouveau frames. EM * r" / ./'./ /¦ *_ g! W ._JT ¦
Q alt 'flat surfaces in the wood work are of _fli *¦ — ~- " \ *& © '' B
n real mahogany; your choice of almost a - WE M&^fiBSSB&Kw ' . ' v a
! S hundred patterns of Damask Ferrier when *^p]*fflji^W«^."»' " | . ' "
I -nTaZZ?-*** 'i upHor, solid Oak Chiffonier $1075 $7.50 lor this Extension Table |
B Al &B.5U STERED ARM CHAIRS, OSK UmlOIHCr, $10.75 cxtends to J£ fe€t wheI1 opeaed (four «
H . twisted arm posts, 5-ply mahogany backs Another Sterling Valve. leaves with each table). «
M with dainty marquetrle work In mother of a, / ** uwl "" 1< " u ™' fUIVW * Fluted legs with a heavy turnsd strttch- B
g pearl and different colored woods. -.. . 33 inches wide five deep; roomy drawer*; rea chlne from one to the other— adds g
S : — b 7f ele vo^ r 1?v C » Vn C ofki r a r n5' Alam U B - "uc™ to the appearance-adds twice as |
i ¦ A Lot of 39 Deception Chairs. b&JS 1 «£V 1 J£ i £&. 'SZfc.i %*$*J5: strensth and la3tlns quamles n
H •. r wagon • across the bay every day, making OI tne Iacle - - _^ g
S No two alike, some with upholstered free dellTeries. - - . . n
¦j seats and backs, some with upholstered - , V • ' • •fJK. n
H eeats only. . ¦ i /? r^' ~
Q Prices range from ?2.50 to $11.00. fDFniT 9 Certainly! Bankers get J& fsS-- . 5
Q First comers, first choice. i V'lvI-.LM 1 • It. why not vou? All - v^QP^ II
gg , merchants favor a. FEW. "W'e trust YOU. \t\ I I ¦ Bi
n ¦ »--"'/V»» -^~'> ® ur resular terms are accommodating II II .•*f?-<v El
52 _m±~ y ± ' jiiT -*^3Wr> enough to suit nine people out of ten, but HI/ I Ks D
2 ,^JB! r ~^- . T^gl-gE^ '^^y 'f y o u are tne tenth person and should II I '. I ' >O^ Xk ~J
B jJfllf^J^ '^jt'^l/iffgV' ' want special accommodations either as to II \ I J—£f2i "
H -f- '• • ' first or succeeding- payments, do not fail |L\~^ //'"""^ " ' ~"v "
S For Disappointed FolKs. rilniI . TIinP nniinillu In Nile Green and Gold, VMS. m
5 Ro^ c^fr, w we^n^i4 he /n e ourh el s FURNITURE COMPANY i h Tb. «*sa i.^-^srass^ B
|£j go round; some customers were disappoint- ' ..•-.. The top and posts are made of one con- ¦
H fd. We've got another lot of CO *>gt liAA II 1 ni/FT rTHPFT tlnuous piece. B
U them. Same price d>X» — O |2|||J *1 A U 1/ L I W I U L L I Extra heavy chills at each joint add ma- i
g 19x22 inch top. of real mahoEany, with Wily IflrllVll \j 1 kJ L iXLtLd L terially to the strength of the bed. and «
¦ an inlaid line of light colored wood around . . ¦¦ . . being touched with gold add equally as Jz
i§ ' the edge, highly polished. Price does not . **' -^.^ M «... . _ «^. . much to the appearance. J
¦ , include the cushion. ~ ¦' ¦ ' Opposite i*lc AlllstCP St. Double size only.. ¦
EBlBHiaiHBIBllHBiSIIBHIRIHIllllHlllBeiBIIIIBllllIllEIIIBBBlllflllllll
¦ ' '-. ¦ i wj r; rrf '- • ' " «p^
.All-wool .Suits _ to Order '• Ejj
Fine Dressy Suits to l|jipl§il&
$2o"ob. ""i^^M
Pants §4.50 up. vff|&fll Hf
Joe Poheim, w^
.THE TAILOR, . \lfif
1110 and 1112 Market St. -BbH-
201 and 203 Mont'y St. mn '
143 South Spring . St., . Vf >fj .-^p^^S"*
Los Angeles. ' JK8'.^^S^^ '
Perfect Fit
'¦¦• ..-'.'or -No'vSale. •. . ' .: TITLE . OF] COURTESY — C., City.
"Mr." before a man's name on the super
scription of an envelope, or "Esq.'' after
the name, is merely a title of courtesy
and it is not obligatory that either should
appear. It Is just as proper to write:
"John Henry Jones" as to write either
"Sir. John Henry Joned" or "John Henry
Jones" Esq." ~*
COINS OF 1S29— Subscriber, - City. "Is
there a premium on coins of 1829?" is not
specific enough to" admit Of an answer in
this decaftment. -You should state what
particular coin of that year you wish to
be informed about. ¦"¦¦'.- '1 " ¦¦ ;
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public - men by th*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Ocean passenger rates to Europe may
be put up $5 next summer. The cabin
passengers from the United States last
year numbered 128,000 and the raise mean <
at least $600,000 more for the steamahln
companies. -
P? Going to Thunder Mountain PP
The Northern Pacific Railway is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlston
and Stltcs, Idaho, there are *ood wagon reads
to e'ther "Warrens or Dixie, from which polnt3
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc., address T. K. STATELER.
G. A.. 647 Market st.. S. F. •
• What you pay for extracts 1* Important, but
what you get Is ten times more Important. Bur
nett's VaaUla costs more because lfs worth mora.
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
LADIES AT BALL GAMES— E." L. G.,
City. Ladies are admitted free on
Wednesdays - at . ball games played at
Golden Gate. On Thursdays and Fridays
they are admitted free at games played in
this city. . .. ¦ . .
Cal. glac fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
THE SAN JOAQUIN-F. S. R., Cassell,
Cal. The latest maps show that the San
Joaquin River of California rises at the
foot of a glacier near tha summit of
Mount Lyell of the Sierra Nevada Range
flows first southwest to its Junction wifh
the outlet of Lake Tulare, thence north
west, traversing* the San Joaquin Valley
and joining with the .Sacramento River
enters Suisun Bay. . ¦
There are so many people who have a morbid
fondness for horrors that it is safe to say if the Mar
tinique disaster had .occurred during the .winter tour
ist season the island -would be thronged with sight
seers for months to come and the surviving inhab
itants could have lived high' and grown rich selling
relics. '. " ~"\ '. :
BOSTON DAILY NEWS— D. H. G.,
Placerville, Cal. Tho newspaper direc
tories for the current year do not con
tain the name of . "The Boston Daily
News."
GOLD DOLLAR— E. l2 G., City. Gold
dollars of 1854 command a premium of 20
cents, according to the scale fixed by
Eastern dealers in old coins.
Bt'TCHER/ ON TEANSPORT-J. B.,
City. To obtain a position as a butcher
on one of the Government transports
plying between this port and Manila you
must file an application at the transport
offlco at the foot of Folsom street wharf.
Recommendations' as to ability and char
acter do no harm in 'making an applica
tion.
THE KOREA— C. S., City. On the 16th
of May the j steamer Korea was making
ready to sail from Newport fcews for San
Francisco.
It might be worth your while in these days to
keep a lookout for a stout lady of medium height,
brown hair, dull complexion, projecting black eyes,
plump delicate hands with very \ long fingers, and
who' speaks with a south of France accent. That is"
the description given" of Madame Humbert, who is
wanted in France for complicity ' in a $12,000,000
swindle. She is the star artist of the world in her
line, and whoever catches her will make a reputation
and incidentally get some money. • , '
INTOXICANTS-A. II., Reno, Nev. It
is unlawful for any one to administer to
another without his knowledge any intox
icating or stupefying drug with the inten
tion of enabling himself or assisting
others in committing a felony.
S. 6. Burshman, a mining man of Bodie,
is registered at the Lick.
Judge Byron "Waters of L03 Angeles Is
a guest at the Occidental. .
\V. B. de Jarnett, ¦ a fruit raiser of
Colusa, is staying at the Occidental.
"YV. L. Carter, a business man of Santa
Rosa, Is a late arrival at the Occidental.
F. B. Hill, a mining man of Plumaa .
County, is registered at the Occidental.
II. de C. Richards, a mining man of
Sutter Creek, is making a brief stay at
th^ Occidental.
Edward Cox, one of the largest Jute
manufacturers in the world, employing
6000 hands, is registered at the Palace
from Scotland. ;":.';
PICTURES— A Reader, City. For the
particular kind of pictures you desire
you should apply to some phonograph
parlor. ,
markable.
. The present Lord George Bridges Har-
The contract stipulated 30.000 horse
power, with which a speed of twenty-
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
ing the length of that piece of carpet than
you, then the one who named 9 feet 6
Inches would be the winner.
"'I have not been in favor of permanent dominion
over' the Philippines.' said Spooner, 'but I do not
mean by that that I have been in favor of the United
States running away like a coward and abandoning
a, people who have come under our protection, or
surrendering them to tyranny, anarchy and • chaos.'
He said he had neve;- been able to contemplate with
equanimity the admission of the ' Philippines /as
a 1 : State or States. Nothing was dearer to him, -ex-
One of the salient features of the debate is the
revelation that neither in the bill itself nor in the
speeches of its supporters is there given any definite
statement of the intention of the United States Gov
ernment with respect to the Philippines. An illus
tration of the vagueness of the statements on that
point is to be found in the speech of Senator Spooner
on Saturday. Spooner is one of the foremost law
yers and logicians of Congress. No man in that body
is better fitted to make a .definite statement of his
own views, nor has any single man more authority
to .speak for his party. Yet from the telegraphic
summary that has been given of his speech the
reader can gather almost any idea except an idea of
what Spooner's policy is, or what lie would like the
Government's policy to be.
In the report of that point of the. Senator's speech
the dispatches say: -
The bill is supposed to represent a party policy,
and to some extent it does so, for it is an adminis
tration- measure. Nevertheless, one of the ablest
arguments and most, earnest utterances against it
was made by Senator Hoar, a life long Republican,
and one of the foremost exemplars of the party;
while about as vigorous and efficient a speech as has
been made in favor of- it was that of Senator Mor
gan; a life long Democrat, and the most eminent and
strenuous representative of Southern Democracy
now in Congress. With Tillman of South Carolina
and Hoar of Massachusetts, on one side, and Mc-
Laurin of South Carolina and Lodge of Massachu
setts on the other, how can it be a partisan ques
tion? Yet it is so considered, and we shall doubtless
hear a good deal 6f it from the stump during the
coming Congressional elections.
DEBATE may be said to have literally raged
around and about the Philippine bill in the
Senate for a long time. Very little of it,
however, has ever touched the bill. With the excep
tion of the speech of Senator Lodge in favor of it,
and that of Senator Bacon in opposition/ hardly a
single clear cut discussion of the details, or even the
principles underlying the measure, has been uttered
on either side. So far away from the bill itself has
the debate ranged that a man might read nearly all
that "has been said on each side without getting a
definite idea of .what the measure purposes to. do.
THE PHILIPPINE BILL.
Since an officer of the Russian army has been
found guilty of exposing the nature of the Russian
frontier fortresses to the German Government, it is
said the Russians have decided to make the fortresses
more formidable than ever, so of course Germany
will have to imitate the example, and that is the
way the money goes in Europe. ;
The above features, summarized, indicate consid
erable irregularity in business. The general firmness
and gradual advance in quotations which have been
the rule for several years have been succeeded by
hesitations here and there, with, occasional lulls,
which, though heretofore succeeded by renewed ac
tivity, are recurring with increasing frequency. The
banks are watching this change in conditions with
observant eyes, and are admonishing people to go
slowly. Indeed, it has been a source of surprise to
the great financiers of the country that the wave of
prosperity has - continued as long as it has with
hardly any break. We have enjoyed probably the
longest period of trade activity and buoyancy that
the country has ever witnessed, and more or less re
cession and inactivity may be expected at any time.
Some -of the longest financial heads in New York
predicted a halt two years ago* and though it oc
curred it was of brief duration and was followed by
renewed activity in the course of several weeks. We
are now entering upon the summer season, and it is
too much to expect lively times all the year round.
Perhaps several months of decreased activity would
be the best thing that could happen to general busi
ness, especially at this' time when money is plentiful
all over the country. A lull in trade means a decrease
in production and stocks of goods and adjusts condi
tions for lively times again later on. .
Against these quieter lines, however, the regular
commercial reports call attention to smaller failures,
an increase of 9 per cent in the railway earnings
over last year at this time and a fine demand every
where for lumber, hardware and almost all material
employed in the construction of buildings. The ex
ceptionally cool weather all over the country, how
ever, has curtailed the retai) and jobbing trade and
checked considerable reorder business. The crops
of the country are looking very well as a rule, and
collections are reported good in almost all sections.
Speculation in Wall street continues quiet, which is
by no means a bad sign. Prices for meats and pro
visions continue high, owing partly tq scarcity of
live stock and partly to the operations of the beef
trust; but both lines are much' quieter, with decreased
speculation in .provisions. The recent wool sales in
London were well attended and the bidding was
brisk at firm prices.
TRADE again, showed some hesitation last
week, particularly in the neighborhood of
Chicago, where the teamsters' strike assumed
grave proportions, involving many branches of busi
ness, particularly those connected directly or indi
rectly with the packing plants, such as the fresh meat
and ice trades. The coal strike, too, showed renewed
signs of spreading along the Atlantic seaboard, and
between these two great labor disturbances the week
closed with a not very promising outlook for the
near future. Other unfavorable indications were
poorer reports from the New England footwear fac
tories, many of which are now running on half time
only, with prices on the down grade and smaller
orders coming in from the South, which is unusual
at this time of the year.. Domestic hides are also
quieter, and the general feeling is that these goods
have about reached the top as far as quotations are
concerned. Leather is still held up to the recent ad
vance, but the market is not active. The textiles are
also reported inactive, with smaller business in cloth
ing and cotton goods, the exports of the latter having
fallen off considerably of late. The cotton crop is
looking very well, and the indications are for a large
yield. Iron and steel continue active, but the best
business is now in the cruder forms of the product,
the finer finished lines being in diminished demand.
But the production is still enormous, the monthly
output of pigiron exceeding 1,500,000 tons, breaking
all previous records, but in spite of this stocks are
still low, showing enormous consumption.
BUSINESS IS IRREGULAR.
'Qur contemporary says of the wine fake "there is
no law by which such enemies of the public stomach
can be reached." Perhaps President Roosevelt's
suggested remedy for trusts^ "publicity," might be
effective in dealing with such frauds. If the manu
facturer had to put his name on his 'packages ex
posure would reach the righi man and a whole in
dustry would not be subjected to suspicion by reason
of the unscrupulous action of a single dealer. . '
The issue is 1 the more important to the State .be
cause we are having so. much of that-kind of thing
to contend against. Cheap' fruits are put up in the
East with California labels, cottonseed oil is marked
California olive, oil, and some time ago the Philadel
phia Record noted that plums gathered in the North
west were dried and sold in that city under the style
of California prunes. , ' ,"
The menace to the California wine industry, con
tained in this scheme must be apparent to all. It is
not so very long ago since the sale of California wine
in Mexico was seriously hurt by the disebvery there
of certain casks of wine purporting to be pure Cali
fornia wine, but found to be heavily charged, with
salicylic acid. From that experience it is easy to
draw the conclusion that if a few unprincipled deal
ers should make use of the "wine extract" blend and
the stuff be shipped abroad under a California label
and the fraud be discovered and published the whole
legitimate wine industry of the State would suffer.
The letter is too long to be quoted in full, but the
meaning and intent of the offer made to merchants
can be understood from this passage: "One gallon
wine extract yields you 100 gallons blending wine,
alcohol free. . You have to take a barrel of 100 gal
lons capacity, put in one gallon wine extract and
fill the barrel with water, shake the barrel well,
in a few minutes you vvill^havera efearand bright
wine which will never turn cloudy. You can be sure
that your wine that you take to blend jvith our blend
ing wine never gets cloudy, and you can bring up
this wine to a grade of 6 per cent alcohol and it will
be a steady, good quality of wine that never turns
cloudy or sour. We charge you $10 per gallon, so in
this way the blending wine will cost you only 10
cents per gallon."*
THE Pacific Wine and Spirit Review gives no
tice of the presence in the city of what it
calls "an unprincipled wine faker with his
schemes for producing a substitute for .wine with
which to humbug the people and poison their stom
achs." As evidence of the justice of the charge our
contemporary publishes a circular letter sent to a
reputable wine house, and the showing is Convincing.
A WINE FAKER'S SCHEME.
. A striking illustration of the small amount of cash
needed to settle the balances of large affairs was re
cently afforded at the clearing-house in New York.
The Chatham National Bank of New York had
clearances one day amounting to $1,323,694, and yet j
when the balance was struck there was 'found due to
the bank just ten.cents.
MONDAY.... JUNE 2, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
AidMM All CcnaannittUoai to W. 8. LEAKS, Mtntgtr.
TELEPHONE.
.Ask for THE CAIX. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
PUBLICATION OFFICE. . .Mar ke.t and Third, S. F.
EDITORIAL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
«• in eric Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mall, IiiclndinR Postage!
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year. $6.00
DAILY CALL (including: Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.80
DAILY CALL — By Single Month <55c
6UNDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ". 1.00
All postmasters are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In orderJne cb.ar.-e of address should be
particular to ctve both ICETV AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Hunger Foreign Advertising, K&rqnette Building, ChicigJ
(Lonr Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRKSPOXDEXT:
C. C CARLTOS Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH. oO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brenta.no, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON' (D- C.) OFFICE. . . .1 1O« G St., N\ W.
MORTON K. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «;:»"!
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1006 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fill more, open until 9 p. in.
j The British cruiser Terrible holds the
best record for expeditious coaling, hav
ing stowed 2500 tons in in nine and one
half hours, or at the rate of 263 tons an
hour. The Prince Gfeorge comes next with
208 tons, and the Majestic is a good third
with 203 tons. The two latter ships have,
however, a bunker capacity of only 1830
tons, and the work of trimming or filling
up the additional compartments in the
Terrible makes her record still more re-
An old battleship is; to be located at
Devonport. dockyard to' serve as training
for engineers and firemen. The ship will
bo fitted with water-tube boilers of five
different types— one of each of the Yar
row, Durr-Thornycroft, Babcock & Wil
cox, Belleville and Niclausse.
No less than twenty admirals .will rep
resent tha several naval powers at the
naval review at Spithead. occasioned by
the crowning of King Edward. Admiral
Sir Charles Hotham will control the as
semblage of the ships of war. •
Naval Constructor Hobson will undoubt
edly be retired. It is alleged that he has
political aspirations and desires to repre*
sent one of the Alabama districts in
Congress. There are two points of inter
est in this Hobson case, one being the
fact that he was advanced ten numbers
for his gallant exploit in sinking the
Merrimac at Santiago on June 3, 1898. It
was clearly a duty outside the functions
of a, naval constructor, and rather those
of a line officer, and Mr. Hobson was
confident that he would be transferred to
the line. So much opposition developed,
however, to this transfer that it was
deemed expedient to retain him ln ; the
naval construction corps, and Hobson
was advanced over ten officers in that
branch, all, of whom were his seniors. He
now receives $3700 a year and has the
rank of captain, while but for the Merri
mac incident his pay would be $3200 and
his rank that of lieutenant. He has had
easy shore billets since his return from
Coventry, or China; yet he is dissatisfied,
and impaired eyesight is the official real
son given for ; his~retlrenient at a pay of
$2775. The "second point is this: that ac
cording, to section 1457, Revised Statutes,
"officers retired from active service * * *
shall be subject to the rules and, articles
for the government of the navy and to
trial by general court-martial." In the
event of Mr. Hobson's ' election to Con
gress he would be somewhat hampered
by these navy regulations, and the fear
of a court-martial would have a restrain
ing effect. He would certainly not be
able to quote poetry disparaging to a
chief of bureau 'of the Navy Department
nor to criticize or expose the faulty meth
ods of the department. Thus handicapped
his usefulness would be greatly impaired,
and naval legislation and debates would
still be carried on by persons who know
little or nothing about the subject.
v . * » •
inch guns at a sea target while the
ship -was running at half-speed seven hits
were scored.- The targets consisted of
rafts about 'forty-five feet in length, with
masts at each end and canvas stretched
between them. The length of the, range
was one mile, and owing to the choppy
sea the targets jumped about to such an
extent as to require exceptional skill by
the gunners to hit the targets. Other ves
sels made also a good showing, but none
came up to the Kearsarge's.
SOME good gunnery was repently
shown on the. battleship Kearsar&e
while practicing at sea. Out of
eleven shots fired from the thirteen-
A series of progressive trials of the ar
mored cruiser Good Hope, of 14,100 tons
and 30,000 horsepower, have been highly
satisfactory and reflect great credit on the
Fairfield Company, Glasgow, builders of
the. hull and engines. The ship made a
number of rues over the measured mile
course at varying speed and on practically
the same draught of twenty-six and a
half feet, or six inches in excess of the
calculated mean draught, which increased
the displacement to nearly 14,500 tons. The
data of these runs is tabulated as follows:
The. Exmouth, a battleship of 14,000 ton?,
built -and engined by Laird Bros., Birken
head, was delivered to the Admiralty on.
May 13 and is ready for her official trials.
The keel of the Exmouth was laid August
10, 1899, and her delivery is therefore con
siderably within the contract time of
three years. Compared with contract
building in the United States, our ship
yards make no such records, as the
Maine, due one year ago," la only 89 per
cent completed, the Missouri 63 per cent
and the Ohio 57 per cent. They were t-j
be delivered in thirty-two months, dating
from October, 1S98, and yet they, have pro
gressed only 11, 9 and 14 per cent, in the
order named, since January of the present
year.
Philip Watts, the new director of naval
construction In the British navy, is said
to be at work on the designs of an
armored cruiser of 10,800 tons, 22,000 horse •
power and twenty-four knots speed. The
new vessel will be one knot faster than
those now under construction, and will
be speedier by a half-knot than the Ger
man liners Deutschland and Kronprinz
Wilhelm— that is to say. in a short run
under the most favorable conditions, for
in a race across the Atlantic no naval
vessel has yet been designed or built that
can equal the performance of the express
streamers. The coal supply of the war
ship would be exhausted in less than two
days, leaving the ship unable to return to
her point of starting, 1 whereas the mer
chant steamers have coal enough left
after a 23-knot [ gait over 2800 to 3000 miles
to return at a moderate, speed to their
home port.
ley Dennett Rodney is the seventh holder
of the barony, conferred 120 years ago on
his great-great-grandfather, the famous
admiral and the hero of Martinique,
Havre and St. Vincent, who for his ser
vices received the vote of thanks of both
houses, was raised to the rank of peer
and was given a pension of $10,000, to de-j
scend to his heirs. Unlike the descend
ant of Lord Hawke, who is noted as a
skillful cricketer, the present Lord Rod
ney has done some service for his coun
try, as he has served in the Life Guards
and commanded a battalion of Imperial
Yeomanry last year in South Africa. He
has four sons, and the pension is there
fore not likely to lapse for several gener
ations. ' .
PERSONAL MENTION.
The French battleship Suffren, built at
Brest, is completed and represents, like all
other battleships In the French navy, one
individual type. The ship is of 12,728 tons,
410 feet in length, 70 feet beam and 27 feet
6 inches draught. She has triple-screw
engines of 16,200 horsepower, is fitted with
Niclausse boilers and is intended to steam
eighteen knots. The water line of Krupp
steel extends all around the vessel and is
o» twelve-Inch maximum thickness, tap
ering to eight inches at the ends. Below
the belt Is a three»Inch armored deck, and
above the belt is another armored deck,
the space between the two decks being
used for coal. The central battery Is pro
tected by vertical armor 5.1 inches thick,
and the main turrets are 12.6 inches in
thickness- The armament is composed of
four 12-inch, ten 6.4-lnch, eight 4-inch,
twenty three-pounders, two one-pounders
and four torpedo tubes, two of which ara
above water. The coal carried on normal
draught is 820 tons; the capacity is 1150
tons coal and liquid fuel giving a calcu
lated endurance of 1000 to 1500 miles at
maximum speed and 5100 to 7000 miles at
ten knots. The estimated cost is $3,692,12:.
The Suffren does not compare favorably
with battleships of England, Germany or
the United States built during the same
period.
¦ 7» /¦ c • •
The Italian naval budget for 1302-03
calls for ¦ $22,280,000 in round numbers.
The personnel consists of 1S55 officers and
25,000 enlisted men. Of the. officers 960
are of the line, 374 engineers and 219
medical; and of the enlisted force 1S,37'J
are .for sea. service and 6627 for various
duties ashore. By July 1, this year, the
Italian navy will number 50 battleships
and cruisers, 11 destroyers, 143 torpedo
boats, 3S auxiliary cruisers, 29 harbor
service vessels and 1 submarine boat. The
value of ships under construction is
placed at $8,392,000; of completed ships,
including ammunition, $107,000,000, and
other fleet material $1,151,000, making a
grand total of $116,543,000 estimated value
of the entire fleet. •
Scotch boiler.
The boiler* trials of the British cruisers
Hyacinth and Minerva are to be still fur
ther continued in order to determine the
relative values of the Belleville water
tube and the ordinary cylindrical Scotch
boilers in the respective ships. Thet two
vessels are to have another race to Gib
raftar and return and also a number of
competitive runs at varying speeds and
conditions over the measure mile course.
The boiler committee has been experiment
ing with these ships for more than a year
and its inability to come to any conclusion
after so many exhaustive trials seems to
indicate a final condemnation of the
three knots was calculated. Some Inter
esting facts are* to be noted from these
trials, namely the low horsepower re
quired for low speed and the enormous
power needed to develop the maximum
speed. A curve made from the trial data
proves that there is an error in the horse
power for 18.10 knots, which should be
11,250 instead of 12,108, and taking all the
other results as correct, the curve shows
that while it requires about 1780 horse
power for ten knots, the power must be
increased to about 15,000 to raise the speed
to twenty knots, and that In order to in
crease the speed half a knot above
twenty-three it would need 43,000 horse
power, or nearly one-half additional to
the 30,000, which a twenty-three-knot
speed requires. The Good Hope is fitted
with forty-three Belleville boilers, which
appear to have : done well.,
That statement seems to clear up every doubtful
point in the proceedings that led to the war. Rhodes
desired to force the war because he was as much
afraid of the foreigners who were going into the
Rand as he was pi the Boers. He desired that South
Africa should be British and he deliberately brought
on a war to accomplish his desire. He is dead, but
his plans have succeeded. It now remains for the
future to tell how permanent that success will be.
It is by no means improbable that united South
Africa may yet choose to be independent, and in the
end Rhodes' policy may lead up to the very thing
he tried to prevent.
Continuing the theme Rhodes went on to say that
whether this enterprising and dominant population
of mining men and others who would pour into the
Rand to develop its mines felt a grudge against
Great Britain or not they would at least be careful
to retain their independence. Upon that point they
would make common cause with the Boers, and they
might even in an emergency, seek the protection or
an alliance with Germany. He then added: "The
Afrikander world would gradually recognize their
leadership. So that in the end instead of a British
federal dominion you would get' a United States of
South Africa, with its capital on the Rand, and very
likely it would be ruled by a party that would be
entirely opposed to the English connection. In fact,
you would lose South Africa, and lose it by the
efforts of the English-speaking minority in the
Transvaal, who are at present. anti-British as well as
anti-Kruger."
One of the most luminous of these revelations of
the nature of Rhodes' ambitions is contributed by
his friend Sidney Low, who reports that Rhodes in
speaking to- him of the controversy with the Boers
said: "I knew that in five years there would be 250,
000 white' settlers on the Rand. In ten years there
might be half a million or more. Now that large
European population, with its enormous wealth and
industry, would inevitably become the political cen
ter of ail South Africa. If we left tilings alone the
outlanders were certain, sooner or later, to turn
out Kruger and his lot, to get possession of the
Transvaal administration and to make the republic
a modern, financial, progressive state which would
draw all South Africa after.it. But they would have
done it entirely by their own efforts. They would
owe no gratitude to England, and, indeed, they
might feel a grudge against the home" Government
for having left them in the lurch so long."
There has been much dispute as to the origin of
the war in South Africa, but that dispute may now
be ended. The death of Cecil Rhodes has resulted
in bringing to light many things revealing the plans
and . tactics of that master imperialist which would
never have been published had- he lived. Among
them are certain documents or well authenticated
statements so clearly proving that Rhodes deliber
ately precipitated the conflict that in the very hour
of his defeat old Oom Paul may be said to be vin
dicated out of the mouth of his foe.
GREAT BRITAIN had made' ready for an ex
ultant roar of joy and victory upon the offi
cial announcement, of peace. It has now
been received from Lord . Kitchener. ; The war
has closed. So far as the British are concerned
all is over but the shouting, and*it is the intention
to have the shouting attended by every form of dem
onstration that can be used to attest an imperial
triumph. There will be arches and bonfires. There
will be honors and rewards scattered by royal* hands,
and the victorious soldiers and their general return
ing from the war will be welcomed with, an enthu
siasm that will not fall short of that which stirred
old Rome when a Consul marched, in triumph up
Capitoline Hill. ;
WHAT IT WAS FOR.
What are we to make of" that? After all the re
ports from official and non-official sources concern
ing the islands, one learned Senator' 'declares the
Filipinps are a people in the. legal meaning of 'the
term and that they had an army, while another Sena
tor just as learned and representing the same polit
ical party, asserts they are only superficially a people
and their army was but "a collection of miscella
neous persons." . •'
When the question comes before the people this
falF there may be many who will understand it, but
they will have to understand it through their own
illumination, for the Senators have cast • no light
upon either the law, the principles or the facts of
the case. * . ;
"He referred to the Filipino; army as a collection
of miscellaneous persons, who now. constituted bands
of'bandits and cutthroats." ¦ • . \
/"Hoar inquired if the inhabitants of the Philip
pines were not a people where there were millions
of men acting together, who raised an army, selected
a general, turned Spain out of all: territory except
only the city of' Manila, and who had' agreed upon a
constitution republican in form. \ ¦ '..,-. , " , •
"They would be 'a people,' replied Spooner, 'if
that were true.' ' ; . , - .
"'It-is true,' said Hoar.
. " 'I deny it,' insisted Spooner. 'I deny that there
is more than superficial truth 'in it.'.
Here then is a Senator who is not in favor of hold
ing the Philippines permanently, but who is opposed
to running, away. He is not willing .to admit the
islands to statehood or the people to citizenship,
but he is' opposed to governing them by imperial
methods. That statement is just about as' tlear as
any;-' that has been made on the subject, except that
of who advocated permanent occupa
tion of the' country and permanent subjection of the
people. . * . *'
Even upon the broadest and most conspicuous
facts of the case the Senators disagree. The dis^.
patches report this .colloquy between Hoar "'and
Spooner:. ¦ '. ::. ., - . ; . : , \ ¦¦ ' '
cept his' home ties, than that this Government should
be confined to this continent. No question of im
perialism, he said, had been raised in this problem
except for party purposes." ," ' .
YANKEE GUNNERS SHOW GREAT SKILL
IN TARGET PRACTICE ON CHOPPY SEA
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALT,^ MONDAY, JUjSTE 2, 1902.
BATTLESHIP KEARSARGE/ WHOSE GUNNERS SHOWED SKILL IN FIRING
. AT A SEA TARGET RECENTLY; MAKING A BETTER SCORE THAN ANY OF THE CREWS ON THE VES
SELS . ACCOMPANYING THE BIG WARSHIP. £ .
As the death of Lord Pauncefote has been sin
cerely mourned in Washington and the United States
accorded him a state funeral, it is evident the German
reports about that joint, note of intervention said to
*«ve been urged by him must have been greatly ex-
•¦• An Oakland man. who has been dragged into the
"Courts is accused by his wife of ; depriving her of
everything good to cat or drink. 'This is probably
a new phase, of the hot air treatment that is not likely
to become popular. ¦¦- .
It. is said that thefts have become so frequent 'in
the art galleries 6f the Louvre it- has been;' found
ne'cessary-to .wire^ them with alarm ; bells. ; It is to bo
hoped no American tourist with a taste for'souvenirs
will be the first man caught. -
English ship-builders have been warned with much
demonstration and every .show of sincerity to look to
their laurels. It might'have been better for them'.if
their friends had advisecTthem to cross the pond and
see how we do things in the boat-building line.
CARPET. MEASURE— B. D., Gilroy Hot
Springs,' Cal. If A bets that a piece of
carpet Is ten feet long and the other bets
that r itis 9 feet 6 inches long and: upon
measurement it is found to be exactly nine
feet, the bet Is a' draw, as neither has
given the measurement. If the bet had
been, "I bet that I will come nearer nam-
6
Illl I
• : :
o
1'
o
.¦»
3
231 00.9 -51 ; 16.6
l'5O 60.2 -«5.4 13.63
2<r.» .... 77.4 -77.5 15.01
250 00 IS. 10
250 99.8 20.53
2«!S 109.25-1CS.9 22.09
2TS .... 123.1 -127.3 23.05*
2.0?*«>
5,006
7.953
i 12.1C8
16.960
1 22,478
! 31,088
14,600
14.500
14,500
14,500
14.500
14,200
14,200
Illl I
• : :
o
1'
o
.¦»
3
231 00.9 -51 ; 16.6
l'5O 60.2 -«5.4 13.63
2<r.» .... 77.4 -77.5 15.01
250 00 IS. 10
250 99.8 20.53
2«!S 109.25-1CS.9 22.09
2TS .... 123.1 -127.3 23.05*
2.0?*«>
5,006
7.953
i 12.1C8
16.960
1 22,478
! 31,088
14,600
14.500
14,500
14,500
14.500
14,200
14,200
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOIfi FOR THE SUMMER.
Call ¦nbscritoers contemplating a chance of
residence daring: the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all snmmer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
all towns on the coast.
A car-load at Call Superior
Atlases littm arrived and they
.are now ready' fpr distribu-
tion. All subscriber*, to The
Call are entitled to a copy ot
tlilsi great book at the prem-
ium rate ot $1 GO. Out ot
town ~ subscribers' deslrlnjc a
copy ot this splendid prem-
ium will be supplied on re-
ceipt ot ?1 00. All mail
order's will be : shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.CHAIRMAN OF COMMITTEE THAT
WILL RECEIVE GUESTS AT NEXT
WEDNESDAY'S ENTERTAINMENT.
Dr. Barrows' Condition Is Critical.
OBERLIN, June 1.— Dr. Barrows, who
Is seriously ill, suffered a relapse this
morning and his condition was alarming
ly low. He rallied during the day, but
to-night his condition is again said to be
critical.
Eight-Hour Watches for Police.
The eight-hour system in the Police De
partment was. inaugurated yesterday
morning at 7 o'clock, when the first watch
was sent out at the different stations.
The watches are from 7 a. m. till 3 p. m.,
from 3 p. m. till 11 p. m. and from 11 p. m.
till 7 a. m.
With a judicious use of the pruning
knife and a little more action instilled
in the second act "The Red Knlgiit,"
George H. Broadhurst's latest effort, will
0o. Despite the fact that Mr. Broadhurst
has had long experience as a writer of
successful comedies, he has partly failed
in his new play. Jt lacKs dramatic tire
and the speeches are too long and the
least bit complicated.
' The first, two acts of the production
lead one to believe that the playwrignt
has perused the pages of Anthony Hope's
"Prisoner of Zenda." William Shake
speare's "Romeo and Juliet" and Richard
Harding Davis latest serial story "Ran
son's Folly." The play has a "Kupert of
Hentzau" flavor to it. The second act is
impossible. The leading people ride onto
the stage in a coupe and are halted by
the "The Red Knight," after whom the
play takes its name. If Mr. Broadhurst
nau omitted comedy at this stage and
instilled more strenuous lines the act
would be interesting. As it is, it is stupid
and commonplace. It was suggested *y
one critic that if the horses attached to
the carriage were made to run away, the
act would be more realistic.
The next two acts are better. The lines
give the- members of the cast a splendid
opportunity to display their talents. At.
the close of the last act Mr. Neill and his
charming wife recite an epilogue that is
f gem in its way. The audience last
evening applauded it heartily.
While Mr. Xeill did some very good
work as Robert, Crown Prince of Moran
lea, the laurels go to Miss Edythe Chap
man. The latter has a congenial part as.
the Queen of Rhodoland and makes the
most of it. The rest of the cast will do
much better when they throw off their
nervousness and become more familiar
with their lines.
Mr. Broadhurst has a good play, but his
comedy efforts at times are farcical. The
production has been handsomely mounted
and notwithstanding its defects will prob
ably do a big business during the week..
This week's bill at the Orpheum is ex
ceptionally good. "Pete" Dailey and hta
clever company more than duplicatea
their hit of the opening week. "A Dress
Rehearsal," a rather clever little skit,
which is Dailey's pet vaudeville stunt,
gives himself and the rest of his com
pany, consisting of John Kearney, Ed
Garvie, Mai Lowrie and Mollie Thomp
son; plenty of opportunity to display their
v.onderful versatility. Stuart Barnes, the
popular monologist and singer, furnished
the big audience with no end of amuse
ment. The two Little Pucks pnt several
new songs into their turn this week,
which prove very catchy. Murphy and
Slater, colored singers and dancers, made
quite a hit. Lotta Gladstone, who is per
haps the peer of all women monologists
rendered her clever impersonations in her
usual fascinating style. Walter Le Roy i
and Florence Clayton appeared in a side
splitting Irish comedy, entitled "Hogan
of the Hansom." Le Roy is perhaps one
of the best Irish comedians who ever ap
peared here and his partner. Miss Clay
ton, is also exceptionally clever. Irene
Franklin, the girl with the sweet voice,
was good as usual.
At the Tivoli Opera House this even
ing the famous success, "The Toy Mak
er" will be revived with all the favorites
of the comic opera company in the cast.
On Wednesday night, "The White High
binders"' from Oakland will attend the
performance, dressed In full regalia.
Kathryn Kidder appears to-night at the
Columbia in Alexander Dumas' comedy
drama. "Francillon," adapted for the
stage by L. Du Pont Syle.
The offering at the Alcazar for this
week is Crane's well-known comedy suc
cess, "His Wife's Father." Florence
Roberts opens her season next week at
this house.
Maude Fealy will be seen to-night at
the Grand Opera House in the play en
titled "My Lady Dainty." This will be
the first time this play has been given
at popular prices.
The Central Theater will present "The
Sidewalks of New York" as its attraction
to-night and the thrilling melodrama will
be superbly mounted.
This evening marks the beginning of
the ninth week of the fun making pro
duction of "Fiddle Dee Dee" at Fischer's
Theater and the demand for seats is as
large as ever.
The new programme at the Chutes is
most attractive. A fine vaudeville show,
moving pictures and Colonel Edward
Beaupre, the tallest man on earth, are
presented.
New People Score Heavily at
the Orpheum — Other
Plays.
Broadhurst's Latest Ef
fort Is Very Good
in Parts.
NEILLS PRESENT
"THE RED KNIGHT"
Lectures to Jewish Council. "*
At the Temple Emanu-El, on Sutter
street, last! night a lecture was delivered
by Mrs. Nathan of New York. The lec
ture was given' under the, auspices of the
San Francisco sectton of the 'Council of
Jewish /Women. Mrs. Nathan, "who has
done much to perfect the national organi
zation, gave an interesting talk | on the
work being done by the council and the
means of improving it.
Mark Sheldon, a Well-Known Pio-
neer, Succumbs to an Attack
of Heart Failure.
Mark Sheldon, president of the Mark
Sheldon Company and a well-known cap
italist of this city, died at his residence,
1001 Golden Gate avenue, yesterday after
noon. ' , : • ¦ .
Mark Sheldon was for many years a fa
miliar figure in • the local commercial
world. He- was among the pioneers of
the coast, having arrived here in ia51.
For the past few months Mr. Sheldon had
been ailing, and during last week was
compelled to take to his bed because of
an attack of heart failure. Deceased was
70 years of ag*
PROMINENT CAPITALIST
IS CALLED BY DEATE
ITALIANS CELEBRATE
GBEAT ANNIVERSARY
Under the Trees at Shell
Mound Park.
Garibaldi Society Enjoys a Day
There was a picnic yesterday at Shell
Mound Park in commemoration of the
fifty-fourth anniversary of the Conces
sion of the Italian Statutes. The picnic
was given by the Mutual Benevolent
Order of the Garibaldi Society, and
proved a success in every way. There
were games and races and ' dancing in
the big hall. The parade started yester
day morning from 423 Broadway street
at 9:3.0 o'clock. The order of the parade
was as follows;
Veteran Soldiers of Italy, President B. Cheli;
company of Italian • Carblneeis, Captain P.
Zeta; committee of the Benevolent Society ot
Italy. President S. Bottero; committee of Be
nevolent Society of Workmen, President C.
Roccatagliata; committee of the Society of Gar
deners and Ranchers. President G. Bignottl;
committee of the Society of Christopher Co
lumbus, President V. Cazazza; committee of
th« Scavengers' Protective Union, President P.
Demartinl; committe» of the Veteran Fourth
Squadron of Genoese Cavalry, President Dr.
Torello; committee of the Italian School,'Pres
ident G. Amalgia; committee of the Colonial
Relief Committee. President (I. Iaccheri; com
mittee of the Independent Benevolent Society,
President P. Belli; committeo of the Piemon
tese Benevolent Society, Prssident V. Savio;
committee of Window Cleaners' Association,
President S. Armontno; military corps of the
Garibaldi Company, First Captain A. Delucchl ; ,
committee of the Garibaldi Company Presi
dent Cav. G. F. Fugazi.
The Retail Grocers' Protective Union
gave Its thirty-first annual picnic , at
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, yesterday.
More than 20,000 tickets were sold and an
immense crowd thronged the grounds till
sundown. Dancing was indulged in at
the pavilion all day.
Much interest was manifested in . the
sports. 'There were prizes for bowling,
for target shoots, for drummers and
salesmen, lady clerks, members and press
representatives. There were also special
committee prizes, a members' prize draw
ing and hundreds of gate prizes. Tho
merchants all over the city responded
liberally in the matter of contributions.-
The races attracted unusual interest.
The winners are as follows:
Girls- between 12 and 15 years — First, Katy
Grady; sscond, Sophie Gilbert; third, Edna
Lewis.
Girls between 9 and 12 years — First, Jennie
Wiener*; second. Flora Attel; third, Veronica
Laplanch.
icung lauics — First, Sophie Gilbert; second,
Gertie Bank; third, Ella Hay; fourth, Ella
Levre.
Grocery clerks— First, A. Wlnteroll; second,
H. W. Hayer: third, E. Hageman; fourth, G.
Ludderin™.
Porters — First, H. Foley; second, E. Shea;
third, G. Noakes.
Boys between 12 and 15 years. — First, J.
Murphy; second, R. English; third, R. Thomas.
Boys between 9 and X'i years — First, R. Doo
ley; second, Fred Bank; third, Eddie Rovigno.
Married ladles — First, Mrs. Perry; second,"'
Mrs. Blasioli; third, Mrs. Vanderslice.
Fat ladles — First, Mrs. Vanderslice; second,
Mrs. Perry; third, Mrs. Du Jardtne.
Fat men — First, O. Du Jardlne; second. F.
H. Draper; third, C. C. Miller.
The committees in charge of the picnic
were: I
Arrangements — Vice President Julius Falt-
Ings (chairman), James K. Taylor (secretary),
J; T. Hurley, Hermann Methmann, Henry
Hartje, J. G. Florence, H. Wolklng, L. H.
Kohn, Charles Luhrs, George Wllkins, S. Vock,
Dick Itjen. M. J. Dempsey. George Bartels,
William Boger, J. B. Mahony, J. M. Foege,
James O'Connor, .Valentine Hassmer, Jerry
Dugan, Carsten Luhrs, William Morken, P. J.
Ryan,.J. F. Bullwinkel, Dick Henning, F. P.
Creede, George Bastian and Charles Venker.
Reception — Valentine Hassmer (chairman),
James O'Connor, J. G. Florance, James Reilly,
S. Vock, J.. B. Mahony, M. W. Bergin, John F.
Bullwinkel, Charles Venker, J. M. Foege, Fred
Hartje, Fred Steimke, H. C. Meisel. John
Plath, Louis Schoefeld and Henry Kohn.
Floor — Carsten Luhrs (floor manager), Wil
liam Bastian, Elfert Luhrs and P. J. Ryan.
Games — George Bartels (chairman), J. T.
Hurley, William Rins. Henry Hartje, Jerry
Dugan, M. J. Dempsey, L. H. Kohn, J. B.
Mahony, James K. Taylor, H. Wolking and
F. P. Creede. . .
Shooting gallery — William Boger (chairman)
J. M. Foege. J. T. Hurley and D. Itjen.
Bowling alley — Charles Luhrs (chairman),
William C. : Morken, Louis Kohn, H. Wolking
and Georee Wilkens.
Wheel of fortune — D. W. Fische (chairman),
Henry Hartje, Hermann Methmann and Jerry
Dugan. .
The officers of the Retail Grocers' Pro
tective Union are:
Hermann Methmann, president; Julius. Falt
lngs, vice president; James K. Taylor, secre
tary; Henry Hartje, treasurer; directors — J. T
Hurley, Henry -WolkinK, William Bastian,'
Jerry Dusan, Georee Bartels, D. W. Frische,
Charles Luhrs, Ij. H. Kohn and Henry Kleen;
membership committee (special) — Henry Hartje
membership committee (special) — Henry Hartje,
Henry Kleen. D. .W- Frische and L. H. Kohn;
finance committee — Jerry Dugan, George "VV11
kens and J. M. Foese. . ..
Gertrude Lipp, residing at 8 Cohen
place, near .the corner of Ellis and Leav
enworth streets, made a determined ef
fort to commit suicide at her home early
last night. A member of the woman's
family telephoned to the Central Emer
gency Hospital and asked that a doctor
be sent at once. Steward Bertaud was
sent on the case, but when he arrived at
the house he was told that his services
were not needed. On investigation he
learned that Mrs. Lipp had tried to take
her life by inhaling illuminating gas. The
family endeavored to attribute the af
fair to carelessness, but the fact that the
tips had been removed from the gas jets
an* the gas turned on in full force shows
that the affair was premeditated.
From neighbors It was learned that Mrs.
Lipp, who is a divorced woman, had been
receiving the attentions of a young man
for some time and of late she has had
irequent quarrels with him, and becom
ing despondent tried to end her life.
While the family would not admit that
Mrs. Lipp had had a quarrel with the
young man, they were loud in their
threats that if a certain young man again
called at the house to see Mrs. Lipp he
¦\\ould receive dire punishment.
Dr. Nusbaum, who was afterward
called to attend the case, gave hope that
Mrs. Llpp would recover. Mrs. Lipp is
about 25 years of age and is quite pre
possessing. .; . '
Turns on Gas in Room,
Then L : es Down
to Die.
Retailers' Protective As
sociation Enjoys an
Outing.
GROCERS HOLD
ANNUAL PICNIC
YOUNG WOMAN
COURTS DEATH
ON next Wednesday evening *at the
Alhambra Theater an entertain
ment will be given in aid of the
fund for liquidating the debt o£
the new church of the Holy Re
deemer. • *
The performance promises to be one of
the best ever given in this city, the pro
gramme being replete with good acts.
The first part will be in the hands of the
members of the Olympic Club. Exhibi
tions of refined athletics will be given,
including fencing, acrobatic feats, club
swinging and wrestling. #
The second part will be a great vaude
ville show. Harry Wood Brown, the ten
or, who has just returned to this city
after filing a successful engagement in
New York, will sing some selections that
are the latest hits -in Gotham. Lillian J.
Wilson and the famous Elks' quartet will
also sing. Miss Nelly Waters will give
her musical sleighbell act and Charles
Reynolds, the clever sleight-of-hand man
and shadow artist, is also down on the
programme. The performance will close
with that laughable comedy, "A Lovely
Party," that was recently produced at
the Orpheum and was such' a great suc
cess. Ida Lee Davis and Alfred I. Mc-
Klnnon will appear In this sketch and
those who hav6 seen the rehearsals say
that they are very clever in the act.
Tickets are only 50 cents. Reserved
seats* can be procured at the Alhambra
Theater on Wednesday afternoon, at the
box office, or by calling at the parochial
residence, 116 Diamond street, any time
before the performance.
The pastor of Holy Redeemer Church,
the Rev. Father McQualde, has hosts of
friends and it is expected that the theater
will be crowded by those who wish to see
the debt of his new edifice wiped out.
Mrs. W. H. Hoburg Is chairman of the
reception committee for the entertain
ment.
THE SA1ST FKANCISGO CALL, MONDAY^ '.(jJJNTE 2, 19O2.<
FATHER McQUAIDE WANTS
CHURCH DEBT WIPED OUT
Grand Entertainment at Alhambra Wednesday for
Benefit of Holy Redeemer Parish. £
7
STATEMENT
OK THE——
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
Commercial Union
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP LONDON. EXGLAND, ON THE 313T
lay of December. A. D. 1901. and for th«
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 610
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Capital J12.50O.00O 00
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash 1.250.000 00
i ASSETS
Real Estate owned by Company.. 8S8.14S 69
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 232.500 CO
Cash Markec Value of all Stocks
. and Bonds owned by Company. 1,341,385 00
Cash in Company's Office 3.9S4 11
Cash In Banks 405,SS4 20
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loan* 1,166 66
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 4.060 41
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion B8S.9S3 10
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks «.2S2 15*
Rents due and accrued . 7,70148
Total Assets $3.973.005 80
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $116,720 CO
Losses In process of Adjustment
or in Suspense 265,965 00
losses resisted, including ex- :
pens-es 23.500 CO
Grose premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less. $2,-
113,221 31: reinsurance SO per
ctnt .• 1.036.610 63
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year.
$2,030,181 90: reinsurance pro
rata 1.087.538 3T
Gross prtmlums on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks. $70,-
040 77; reinsurance 100 per cent, f 70,019 7T
Gros3 premiums on Marine Time-
Klsks. $46,027 57; reinsurance
60 per cent 23.013 73
Amount reclaimable by the In-
sured on perpetual fire Insur-
ance policies 100.205 63
All other demands against the
Company 110,347 07
Total Liabilities $2,853,363 4g
INCOME. * ~~*-
Net cash actually received for
Fire premiums $2,705,619 23
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums ............. 173.604 M
Received for interest on Bonds
ar.d Mortgages 11,284 20
Received for Interest and divi-
dends on Bonds. Stocks. Loans,
and frcm all other sources 71,750 00
Received for Rents 21.283 24
. Total Income $2.983.821 68
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses . ,
.(Including $ losses
of previous years) $1. SI 3, 903 20
Net amount ' paid for Marino
Losses (including $
losses of previous years) 65,390 63
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 554,607,34
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 143.5S7 29
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 80,944 63
All other payments and expendi-
tures 161.403 €3
Total Expenditures $2,822,930 78
.Losses incurred during the year.. $1.962.508 82
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $353,263,746 $3,777,479 M
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 341,583.484 3.444.072 91
Net amount In force
December 31. 1901. 409.197.929 4.143.40T 21
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
. written during the|
year - I $47,852.1S0 $250,408 43
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 46,243,084 200.763 61
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901. 3,384.853 02.306 8*
A. H. WBAT, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 223
day of March. 1902.
MICHAEL J. QUINN. Notary Public
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco.
E. T. NIEBLING, C. F.MULLJNS,
Asst. Manager. Manager.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
Of THE »
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
PHGENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, United,
OF LONDOX. ENGLAND. ON THE Slfff
day of December, A. D. 1901. and for tlM
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of sections 619
and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $2,226,073 73
Cash In Company's Office 75 53
Cash in Banks 21,629 43
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 25.853 75
Cash In hands of U. S. Trustees. 451,992 21
Premiums In Course of Col-
lection .•••••••• • 133.733 83
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 12,675 64
Total Assets $2,897,039 21
INABILITIES. :
Losses adjusted and unpaid $110,768 CO
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 802.972 80
Lotees resisted. Including expenses. 16,233 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning ono year or less. $2,012.-
814 93; reinsurance 50 per cent. 1.006,407 48
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $1,603,.
6CO 37: reinsurance pro rata 829 217 V*
AU other liabilities 194,410 33
Total Liabilities $2,460,009 73
INCOME. . "
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums. $2,901,247 SI
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources ......... 76,123 70
Total Income $2,977.37151
EXPENDITURES. '
Net amount paid for Fire Lcsses .
(Including $454,025 00. losses of
- previous years) W.S36.2S9 62
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage 509,507 77
PaM for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 142.221 8«
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 74,730*29
' All other payments and expendi- ¦ "*. »
tures 327.904 41
Total* Expenditure ..'. $2,890,653 9.%
Fife!
Lorsen Incurred during the year. .$1.9S0.323 40
Risks and Premiums. Fir» Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $440,883,733 $4,183,960 06
Net amount of Risks
expired., during the
year ...".....- 402.7S1.7S4 3.537.096 03
Nat amount In force
x December 31. 1001. 340.001.0P3 3.616.415 3ft
A. D. IRVING, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me thl3
28th da.y of January. 1902.
GEO. O. RJJGER. Notary Public
BUTLER & HEWITT,
AGENTS,
' 413 California Street,
San Francisco, Col*
TTNTTED STATES BRAIICH.
GINGERY VAUDEVlLLEr
Le Roy and Clayton; Irene Franklin;
Hill and Whitaker; Murphy ar.d
Slater; Peter F. Dailey and Com-
pany; Stuart Barnes; Two Little
Pucks; Lotta Gladstone ,aad the
Biograph.
Reserved Reats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box Seat*
and Oi^ra Chairs. EOc.
LOOK OUT FOR
THE MOTOGIRL
THE SENSATIONAL MTSTERY OF THE
DAY.
BEGINNING TO-XIGHT
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
KATHRYN KIDDER
And her first appearances pn any stage in
Alfxandre Dumas' Comedy Drama.
FRANCILLON
Adaated by L. Du Pont Syle..
Management of GEORGE H. BRENXAX,
MATIXEE SATURDAY. —
Next Monday— HENRY MILLER. MAR-
GARET ANGL1N and A SPECIAL COMPANY
in "TRELAAVXy OF THE WELLS."
Advance Sale Begins Thursday.
TIVUuHOUSE
EVENINGS AT S SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY AT
2 SHARP!
TO-NIGHT— FIRST TIME THIS YEAR!
The Greatest of Favorites,
' TH:B
Toy-laker !
PERFECT CAST! NEW SONGS! FUNNY
TOY SHOP SCEXE!
Wednesday. June 4t»i. "WHITE HIGHBIND-
ERS' NIGHT."
POPULAR PRICES— r5c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
vg^\ «^* t* . ff B^T P\ E& rff^ V^fl
'^^fc m iZm, /• t. S «* Eta , w
THIS WEEK ONLY.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
WM. H. CIUXE'S COMEDY SUCCESS,
His Wife^s Father.
SPECIAL
/VlO!\'D£l Y NIGHT. JUIS'E ©,
INAUGURATION OF ANNUAL SEASON,
MISS FLORENCE ROBERTS'
Opening Play " ZAZA."
BALE OF BOXES AND SEATS opens to-
morrow morning for first two weeks.
BEi&SQO a**> Tii&LESyfegftg,
TO-XIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Powerful and Successful Melodrama— THE
SIDEWALKS
OF NEW YORK.
A soul-stirring sensation.: A world of
novelties Wholesome comedy.
UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES, including LIT-
TLE REYNA BELASCO, the Marvel-
ous Child Dancer.
TDTrPC EVENINGS 10c to 50c
Ir.il 1.3 MATINEES 10c, 15c, 25c
i£a f^ H &^ OPERA
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-XIGHT and Every Evening This Week,
America's Magnetic Star,
MAUDE FEALY
In the Madison Square Theater Success,
"MY LADY DAINTY"
By Madeline Lucette Rytey..
Fir&t Time on Any Stage at
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
NEXT WEEK "MISS HO BBS."
ALL THIS WEEK
A NEW CHARM.
SOUVENIR MATIXEE SATURDAY.
hff^k THURSDAY lll & \
C MR. JAMBS NEILL °
And the NEILL COMPANY
Presenting Geo. H. Broadhum'i- New and Im-
mediate Succees. the Romantic Comedy
THE RED KNIGHT.
NEXT— Dion Eoucicault's Charming Racine-
Comedy, "
; SEATS THURSDAY.
Fischer's Theater.
while ~r stni
We I Crowding
Arc I The House
TAKE ADVANTAGE OF
The farewell week and come to-night, the be-
ginning: of the NINTH week of
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Presented by the beet comedians and come-
diennes ever eern in "Frisco."
Same popular tirices, 25c and COc at night-
25c at Sat. and Sun. Matinees. Children at
Mat i «^*-, JOc.
FRIDAY AFTERNOON NEXT.
Theatrical Employes' Benefit.
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVnTE EVEBY AFTER-
NOON ANDJVENING.
DO^V^ Y A t N ,? t -, F i OWLET: MLLE. LAUR-
ELLE: LLLLLA MONTAGUE'S EDU-
CATED CATS; THE TWO LAMONTS-
DAVIS AND DE HEARDE- BACON AND
vase and ::e\v moving pictures
The Litt e Lake ShDrTRsilway New Running
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission 10c Children 6c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO OA\THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 p M
Bathlnir from 7 a, m. to 10:30 p. m
ADMISSION. 10c. CHILDREN. 6c"
Bathing, Including admission, 25c; Children 20c.
Weekly Call.5i.00 per Year i
NO GREASE OR DANGEROUS
DRUGS v
In "Herpicide," the New Scientific
and Successful Dandruff Treatment.
Have you dandruff? Then you have a
contagious parasite disease, unpleasant,
unhealthy and one that will eventually
lesd to baldness. To cure it you must
destroy the parasite that eats at the root
of the hair. The only preparation for
destroying these germs is Newbro's Her-
picide. Charles Klein of Laramie, Wyo.,
saya: "Herpicide allayed the Itching,
cured the dandruff and stopped my hair
falling out; and it is bringing a new crop
of hair." Herpicide is free from grease
or 'dangerous drugs, and makes hair
gloss}' and soft as silk. One bottle will
convince you of its merits.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
—OF THS ¦
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE — —
MANCHESTER
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OP- MANCHESTER. ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day o% December, A. D. 1901, and lor
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as -per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
\ CAPITAI*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Ca»h $1.000.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... ?4,2S2 77
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. . 1,547,320 00
Cash in Company's Office 721 47
Cash In banks 65,272 34
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5,554 17
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion • 255,103 43
Bills receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marine Risks - 448 10
Duo from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2S5 29
Due from special agents 205 OS
• Total Assets .$1,860,102 67
LIABILITIES.
LcE&es adjusted and unpaid $79,584 51
Losses in process of Adjustment
or in Su3pense 83.39156
Losses resisted, Including expenses ' 24,048 03
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $l,0S0,-
401 43; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 543,200 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
' $0S2,985 99; reinsurance pro rata 515,179 97
All other Liabilities 69,097 67
Total Liabilities .$1,314,502 44
INCOME.
Net cash actually received_for Fire
premiums .T. ...... .$1,412,716 83
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, - Loans > and
from all other sources 57,204 17
Total Income ...$1,469,921 00
EXPENDITURES. x
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $177,911 73. losses of
previous years) $1,104,934 58
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 2S7.630 45
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 92,274 63
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 51,578 75
All other payments and expendi- '
tures • 02,942 12
Total Expenditures : ...'.$1,629,360 53
- , ' Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. .$1,121,206 36
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums!.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year 1 ... $1S2, 497,461 $2,108,292 83
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year.... 189,348,638 2,121,957 66
Net amount, in force
December 31, 1901.. 190.349,213 2.063.337 42
.T"7 GEO. S. A. YOUNG, U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 7th
day of February, 1902.
. _ EDWIN F. COREY,
"y . Commissioner for California.
Pacific Coast Department
323 California Street,
San Francisco.
GEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. J. CONROY,
Asst.' Manager 1 . Manager,
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. .Directors.
RAD WAY'S BE AD Y RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before • the ; public for 50 'years as a
Pain Remedy. '¦ It instantly, relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, [ Sore Throats, Influenza. • Bron-
chitis, '• Pneumonia, . Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache, Toothache and all pain.- Internally
lor. Malaria. and all Bowel Pains. All druggists.
g has a prof essiona* g
H frame fitter to keep m
H your glasses in shape p
11 at absolutely no charge 11
*U 6 4 2 St* <U
P/lf/IPf* Desirable location.,
1 Uluvw unsurpassed cuisine,
,"' .'"' j' 0 un. equaled ser-
/I fin v ' ce ? nc * niodern
tlllll conveniences are th?
~ j attributes that have
l||*«|f|/| made these two ho-
UlUlllft teJs popular with
_- - tourists and travel-
HAiPiC - ers who visit San
I1UIW19 Francisco.
AMTJSEiffEKTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
alone will sustain life, but Mellin's
Food is intended to be and should be
used with \fresh milk— with fresh
milk it is a complete food,
Mellin's Food not only supplies nutri-
tive elements 1 needed by the young
infant, but modifies the milk and
makes it more easily digestible.
• ,- \
SEND FOR A FREE SAMPLE OF MELLIN'S FOOD. ~"\
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
' California Limited . i
I attends tojyovir coiwfbrt* corv |
vervieivce so tKoro\ig"l\ly tlv&Jr I
1 regret the ertd of me trip . Every* J
convenience of a. r£ushAorvzi.ble Hotel •<* I
Chicago in. tKree days 1
i Cit.y Ticket- Off ice 64-1 - Market St. j
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
¦ OF THE
CALEDONIAN
AMERICAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK, IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner, of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections 010 and till of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in '
Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS. '
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and '<
Bonds owned by Company $292,200 00
Cash in Banks* 7,050 18
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.9S5 41
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 8.S98 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 8,633 95
Total Assets $318,782 42
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $3,130 57
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 6,52176
Lossea resisted, including expenses.. 1,250 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $13,673 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent , 7,836 49
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $0043 20;
reinsurance pro rata 5 571 90
All other liabilities §,731 S3
Total Liabilities $33,042 60
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $51,951 20
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 11,390 62
Received for profit on realization . of
Investments I.. 5,900 &3
% f -
Total Income $69,242 05
EXPENDITURES. '-
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In- I
eluding $27,316 52, losses of pre-
vious years) $86, 676 32
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 5,632 81
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 4,865 22
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes • 3,221 CO
All other payments and expendi-
tures ¦ 3,995 91
Total Expenditures .'...$104,391 86
Fire
Losses Incurred during the year $81.139 81
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year .... ..... $15,703,775 $160,556 23
Net amount of. Risks
expired during the
year 16.1S4.773 143,850 11
Net amount in force ,
December 31. 1901.. • 2,210,863 24,716 20
' CHAS. H. POST, President.
N. A. . McNEIL, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this
29th day of January. 1902.
H. E. FRANCK, Notary Public.
• :7 - ::^:i.'- ¦ .' h
Pacific Coast Department •
323 California Street,
San Francisco.
GEO. W. BROOKS, THOS. «J. CONROY,
Asst. Manager. ' Manager.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Directors.
ii l5*5"*V?J . «?B fefiftfiSi 0 IKS VMS
PS ' Skmmi I Iti ' rgsitv- *MONDAY. JUNE 2.
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Stmr Signal, Bendecard, 46 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Umattlla, Cousins, 60 hours from Vic
toria and PugPt Sound ports. ' * '.
Stmr Chehalis, Thomrson, 60 hours from
Grays Harbor. »
Stmr Luella, Ols*>n, 15 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen. 30 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, S5'6 hours from Ta
corr.a.
Stmr Australia, Lawless. 12 days from Ta
hlfi.
Strnr^ GlDsy, Swanson. 33 hours from Moss
Landing.
Ger stmr Serapis, Richert, 3 days from
Everett; put in to finish loading.
Br bark Antiope, Murray, 15 days from Ka
hulul.
Schr Emma Utter, Allen, 20 days from San
Diezo.
Schr Halcyon, Johnson, 7 days from Grays
Harbor. ¦' -
Schr Ida A, Campbell) 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
SAILED,
ARRIVED OFF PORT.
Sunday, June 1.
Br ship Thlstlebank, Parry, days from
Santa Rosalia; waiting for orders.
, Sunday, June 1.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, Astoria.
Ptmr Argo, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Rtmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego. I
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Devitt, .
Stmr Edith, Hall. Seattle.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Fr bark Francois. Arnantizon, Queenstown.
Fr bark St Rogatien, Arneaud, Queenstown,
Schr Mary Etta, Halvoldson, Siuslaw River.
Schr Olga, Waldeok. Mahukona.
Schr Mildred. Kendall. Ballard.
Schr Metha Nelson. Christiar.son, .
Schr Free Trade. Ferkuson, .
SPOKEN
May "0. lat 27 CS N, Ion 142 27 W — Br bark
Pax, from Taeoma, for Cape Town.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 1, 10 p m — Weather
clear; wind west, velocity 12 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
HUENEME- Sailed June 1— Schr Volant, for
Grars Harbor.
NEAH BAY — Passed in June 1— Stmr Rain
ier, hence May 28, for Seattfe; ship Jabez
Howes, hence May 17, for Comox.
Passed out June 1 — Stmrs John S Kimball
NEW YORK — Arrived June -1 — Stmr Geor
gian, from Liverpool; stmr L'Aquaitalne, from
Havre: stmr Ryndam, from Rotterdam and
Boulogne. \
HAMBURG — Arrived June 1 — Stmr Graf
Walderisee, from New York, via Cherbourg.
¦ BREMEN — Sailed June 1 — Stmr Bremen, for
New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed June 1— Stmr Lahn,
from- Genoa and Naples, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out June 1—
Stmr Garonne, from ' Seattle, for Nome; bktn
Northwest, from Olympia, for San Pedro.
Arrived May 31 — Stmr. £.ucero, hence May
£7; bark Haydn Brown and schr Transit, from
Honolulu. ¦ • .
Passed in May 31 — Br bark Holywood, from
Victoria; stmr City of Fuebla, from Taeoma;
stmr Cottasre City, from Alaska; Br stmr
Claverinsr, from Victoria; stmr Rainier, hence
May 28. for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 31— Stmr Indiana,
hence May 28: stmr Lucero, hence May 27.
June 1 — Stmr Rainier, hence May 28.
Sailed May '31— Stmrs John S Kimball and
Nome City, for Nome.
Arrived June 1— Stmr City of Seattle, from
Alaska.
¦ PORT ANGELES— Sailed May 31— Ship
Santa Clara, from Ladysmlth, for Karluk.
U S stmr Wisconsin in the bay.
BANDON— Arrived June 1— Stmr Mandalay,
hence May -29.
TACOMA— Sailed June 1— Schr Fred E San
der, for San Pedro. . **
Arrived June 1 — Stmr Claveringr, from China
and Japan. '
Sailed June 1 — Schr Alvena, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived June 1 — Stmr Co
quille River, from Fort Brags; stmr Coos Bay,
hence May 30. . • -
Sailed June 1— Stmr Newburg and stmr Coos*
Bay.- for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 31— Schr
Dauntless, from San Pedro: schr A J West,
from- Santa Rosalia. -June 1 — Stmr Coronado, ,
hence May 28: .'
Sailed Jjine 1 — Schr 'Laura Mads:n, for San
Francisco. •'•:.•:.
OL.YMPI A..— Sailed June 1 — Bktn Northwest,
for San > Pedro.", •¦ .- - .. : .
ASTORIA — Arrived June 1— Stmr Aberdeen,
hence May-28.'-- - -t i^'-L - •
. • V FOREIGN PORTS, g
PAPEETE— Arrived May 20— Fr transport
Durance, from - Noumea. • £
Sailed May 14 — Bktn- Troolc Bird, for San
Francisco. May IS — Fr gunboat Zelee. tjr
Sydney. May , 20 — Br ship Pyrenees, for San
Francisco. '
VICTORIA — Arrived June 1— Stmr. Wlllapa,
from Alaska; Br stmr Claverlng, from Yoko
hama.
and Centennial, from Seattle, for Nome; achr
Alvena, from Taeoma, for San Pedro: schr
Meteor, from Port Blakeloy, lor San Pedro.
SOUTH BBND— Sailed June 1— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. ¦ .
Moore and his victim had been drinking
together and shortly before the cutting
had been engaged in a card game. A man
who had been working on Moore's ranch
solicited the latter for the payment of
wages alleged to be due. A dispute re
sulted and Moore struck the man with
hisvfist. Ball interfered and received the
wound which may end his life; The weap
on which was used was an ordinary
pocket knife. The end of the blade wad
broken, but the edge was exceedingly
sharp. A.wound of about five inches in
length was made in the. abdomen. }
Moore was arrested in Biggs upon a
warrant sworn to by one of tne witnesses
to the assault, charging him with assault
with intent to commit murder. The pris
oner was brought to Oroville this morn
ing and liberated upon a bail bond of
floOO. Sheriff Wijson, however, is in close
communication with the attendants of
the wounded man and ready to rearrest
Moore should a fatal turn taKe place. Dis
trict Attorney Sproul is tn Biggsiwepared
to take a dying statement.
Moore resides at Hamilton Ferry, situ
ated midway between Biggs and Orovillo,
on Feather River. He came to Butte
County in the early fifties and is one of
the best-known citizens.
Special Dispatch to The. Call. . \
OROVILLB. June 1.— R. A. Moore, one
cf the oldest and best-known ranchers in
this section, while under the influence of
liquor'last evening at a saloon in Biggs,
stabbed and probably fatally wounded
Isaac Ball, a blacksmith, who is employ
ed on the ranch of ex-Senator Shippec,
near Nelson.
Blacksmith Attempts .Peace-'
% Making and May Lose
His Life.
Prominent Rancher Uses
a Kniie in a Biggs
Saloon.
STABS THE MAN
WHO INTERFERES
Movements of Steamers.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
ths tarly morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the 'depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Sun rises 4:4S
Sun ects 7:27
Moon rises 1:57 a. in.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, June 1.
Strnr WestDort. Smith, 34 hours from Cres
cent City.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Height* of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Tb« United States transport Meade arrived
off the heads at 0 o'clock last evening and went
into quarantine two hours later, where she
remained all night. She will dock this. morn-
Ing. £iie carries a miscellaneous cargo, to
gether with many troops, including- numerous
convalescents.
Tlie transport Kuford will call for Manila at
noon to-day in command of Captain Croskey.
She will carry ICO soldiers and officers and
•ome 1300 tons of army supplies. -;,-;,.¦
Transport Meade in Port.
Ehenandoah Will Sail Soon.
The American ship Shenandoah. the finest
wooden four-master afloat, is preparing for her
/ departure for »w York on the 11th inst. Cap
tain 'E. A. Watts is now signing his crew or
twentyeight men, and he hopes to have hi«
full complement of hands at the end of the
¦week. The Shcnandoah's cargo is being rapidly
stowed and tt consists of everything from a
package of pins to coils of cables formerly
used by the Market street railway system,
which will be used In strengthening the foun
dations of New York skyscrapers. Captain and
Mx«. Watts received many visitors yesterday
and showed them the beauties of their vessel.
The wind blew a gale yesterday, the result
being a very rough bar. which delayed vessels
oom-iderably. The British ship Thlstleback.
forty-five days *»-ut from Santa Rosalia was
sighted late in the afternoon, several miles out.
but her entrance into the harbor was delayed
by reason of the ro-jghness: Her master con
cluded to wait offshore for orders before ven
turing in. and she is not likely to enter the
stream before this morning.
Bar Proves to Be Bough.
The Tweedsdale sailed from Haiphong last
November in ballast and in passing Java Head
asked to be reported. The voyage across the
Pacific was a series of calms and light winds,
which accounted for her long passage. The
middle of April found her in the South seai
and short of provisions. In the hope of replen
ishing her stores they had stopped at Pitcairn
island, bat were only able ta get sweet pota
toes, and It being Sunday were obliged to dig
them .themselves. Since leaving Pitcairn Isl
and they had grown very tired of sweet pota
toes. With at least fifty days ahead of them
before reaching Taeoma and being in the dol
drums, the passage to the nearest port. Hono
lulu, promising to be as long, the outlook was
gloomy for poor Jack on the morning of May
» -when the Australia was sighted. Verily Fri
day was a lucky day for them and never
again will they fear the day. but will ever re
member "the little cherub that fits up aloft
and looks out for poor Jack" as their guidin?
angel, i
The boat's crew lookied dejected and
apathetic, but the £i£ht of fresh beef and po
tatoes being low-red into their boat evoked
smile* that were good to look upon. In a half
hour they were away again, carrying a gen
erous load of flour, biscuits, sugar and pota
toeii and & couple of hundred pounds of frozen
beef, amounting to about two tons of good
American foodstuffs for ye ancient British
mariners with "lean and hungry looks," and
r.ot an albatross in sight.
In a few minutes the boat was alongside and
tlie mate crawled up the Jacob's latter and
made the modest request for food, and upon
being assured that the larder was in robust
condition, presented a letter from Captain
Jones of the Tweesdale asking for provisions.
FUBKTSHED WITH FOOD.
After a short struggle with the lee quarter
boat the sailors were pulling for the long-
Jiopfd for relief ship, which luckily was pre
pared to fit out a fleet witb the staples of the
earth if neces?ary.
This put a different face on the situation.
Britons were hungry and had to be fed. so the
order "hard a starboard" being given, around
swung U<e Australia, and as .-he ranged along
side the Tweededale. which had in the mean
while hauled up th? cross jaclc -and backed the
train yard, the question was asked: "Are you
in need of provisions?" On receiving an an
eww in the affirmative the order, was given,
"Send your' boat alongside."
At daybreak «. full-rigged ship was sighted
off th° port bow. flying signals of distress,
xvhi.-h vcssf-1 proved to be th? Tweedsdale of
Glasgow. 150 days out from Haiphong. Gulf of
Tonqufn. China, and hound to Taeoma. On
i">aring the ship, which was under full sail,
with a light breeze blowing, the three-flag sig
nal ' - J. V. L." Tras displayed, which, being in
terpreted by th~ pew International tlgnal book,
whir* went into fffert the first of the current
yt-ar. was found to mean co-o'x rate-d-!ns-8 tion.
but as the Australia did not know Just what
kind «if ro-operation was neeiiod. the old book.
•ueb was in use when the Tweedsdale left
jwrt last year, was referred to and her mes
sage was found to mean "Have been on short
allowance for some time."
On Friday morning. May 0. the Australia
aft?d the pood Samaritan in rendering succor
to tht> long overdue British ship Tweedsdale.
Captain Lawless reported sighting: the
rverdue phip Tweedsdale. which arrived
Fafely at a northern port yesterday, on
the voyage down. The ship was sighted
on May '.> and furnished with supplies.
Captain Lawless makes the following
statement of the event;
TWEEDSDALE IS SIGHTED.
The cargo consisted mainly of cocoa
juits. of which there was a consignment
ol 51.400. There were 3610 sacks of copra.
\anilia beans, pineapples and mixed mer
chandise.
M. A. Cape. Mr. and Mrs. I-ague^s?, C. J.
Hanson. Mr. Robinson. J. Eiuvere and Mrs.
J'suline Hudson.
Other passengers were:
Mr. and Wry. <!<» St. Brisson. Mr. and Mrs.
Hazi*>. Mr. and Mrs J. Byrne. Mr. and Mrs.
Narii Salmon. Mre. II. S. Lincoln. Miss Noble.
Jerries Salmon. Moses Salmon. D. Atwater. J.
1 :«-y. H. de A\>iss Mrs G. R. Weils. Miss Ma
li" Wells. Miss Juanita Wolls. Miss Marie Ogre.
passenger and freight list. Th<:
siramship left Papeete on May 20. and
th«; voyage was comparatively unevent
ful, the weather being excellent all the
v.-ay.
The saloon passengers included, the fol
lowing:
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
Australia arrived in port at 5
o'clock last evening:, twelve days
out from Tahiti, with a Ianr»e
THE •' SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, JU^E 2, 1002.
Rough Bar Outside Retards Entrance of Vessels Into Harbor,
Transport Meade Arrives— Buford Sails To-Day*
STEAMSHIP AUSTRALIA GIVES
FOOD TO TWEEDSDALE'S CREW
OJC THE BAR WITH WIND
BLOWING FORTY MILES AN
HOUR.
8
a ITlme Tlmel Time Tlmel
c Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft
o.LW HW L.W H Wl
*T *2:0S 1.0 8:50 4.0 1:45 2.3 8:11] 5.C
3 2:5£>! 0.1 9:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:52| 5.8
? 3:501—0.5110:531 4.4 3:2f. 2.6 9:381 CO
5 4 : .sr,|— 0.9|ll :45 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21! CO
« 5:25]— 1.2I12::*7| 4.7 5:Ch;| 2.RI11 :10| 5.9
7 I 8:18—1.2 1:2S| 4.8 *?:01! 2.9 |
|H W| 11^ AVI |H W! It. \VI
R ! 0:01| 5.71 7:0»l— 1.0) 2:19l 5.0] 7:0O| 2.0
0 I 1:C»1 5.r.| 7:5+| — 0.7| 3:0S! 5.1 1 8:09! 3.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
American. . . . ' Kew York June 2
Acme Siuslaw River June 2
Despatch San Pedro June 2
Pleiades Seattle June 2
S. ilcnica San Pedro June 2
New-burg San Pedro June 2
Sierra.-. Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Enterprise... Hilo June 3
Arctic Humboldt June 3
Pomona Humboldt June 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor '.' June 4
Coos Bay JSan Pedro & Way Ports June 4
Peking China & Japan' June 4
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria June 4
S. Barbara. . . '< San' Pedro June 5
Paler.ii j Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena. . Point Arena , June 5
S&nt& Rota. . San Diego & Way Ports June 5
CityPuebla.. Puijet Sound Ports June 0
Acapu.co Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
North Fork— j Humboldt June 7
Mandalay '|Coqullle River June S
Argyll [New York A'ia Panama.l June 8
Konita Newport & Way Ports. I June 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria [June 9
Kalr.ier- Whatcom | June 11
Queen.". ...... I Pu^et Sound Ports .....| June 11
Steamer. j .-. - For. -. . . . ¦ Sjills.
Humboldt. ... Skajrway & Way Ports. June 3
Ohio Nome &. St.' Michael June 3
C. cf Seattle. Slcagway & Way Ports. June 4
C. of Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports. June 4
Farallon f-kagway & Way Ports. June ' 5
Oregon Nome ....June 5
Chico Xome & Candle Creek.. June 5
Lyra Nome & St. Michael June b
Chas. NeUcn.|Golofn:n Bay direct.... June 5
Valencia ] Nome June 7
Bcrtl;a I Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June 7
Indiana I Xome & St. Michael... j June 7
;tramer,
'or.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Jane 2. |
Despatch... Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pmjPier 16
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pmlPier 2
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jane :t. 1
Alliance... Portland &. Way... 3 pm Pier 16
Phoenix.... Mendocino City..... 3 pm Pier 13
Kurcka. .., Huinboldt 8 am Pier 13
t-. Monica.. Humboldt .......... 5 pmjPier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 amlPier 11
Cheltalls... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
St. Paul... Nome &-St Michael 2 pm Pier 3i
June !>.
State Cal.. gan Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Uroatllla... i>uget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier l>
June G.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic . Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Amer. Man china &, Japan 1 pm PMtiS
Serapis Hamburg & Way Pier 27
Jane T.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena- 2 pm Pier 2
Rival.. Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pleiades... N*. V. via Panama. Pier —
O Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Curacao... Mexican Ports ..... 10 am Pier 11
Jane 9.
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
JnnelU.
City Puob'a Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
June 11. ¦ •¦.
Ranvma... Newport & Way Pts 9. am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coquillc River .....| 4 pm Pier 2
Destination.
a ITlme Tlmel Time Tlmel
c Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft
o.LW HW L.W H Wl
*T *2:0S 1.0 8:50 4.0 1:45 2.3 8:11] 5.C
3 2:5£>! 0.1 9:55 4.2 2:36 2.5 8:52| 5.8
? 3:501—0.5110:531 4.4 3:2f. 2.6 9:381 CO
5 4 : .sr,|— 0.9|ll :45 4.6 4:15 2.7 10:21! CO
« 5:25]— 1.2I12::*7| 4.7 5:Ch;| 2.RI11 :10| 5.9
7 I 8:18—1.2 1:2S| 4.8 *?:01! 2.9 |
|H W| 11^ AVI |H W! It. \VI
R ! 0:01| 5.71 7:0»l— 1.0) 2:19l 5.0] 7:0O| 2.0
0 I 1:C»1 5.r.| 7:5+| — 0.7| 3:0S! 5.1 1 8:09! 3.0
Steamer.
From.
Due.
American. . . . ' Kew York June 2
Acme Siuslaw River June 2
Despatch San Pedro June 2
Pleiades Seattle June 2
S. ilcnica San Pedro June 2
New-burg San Pedro June 2
Sierra.-. Sydney & Way Ports.. June 2
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 2
Enterprise... Hilo June 3
Arctic Humboldt June 3
Pomona Humboldt June 4
Rival Wlllapa Harbor '.' June 4
Coos Bay JSan Pedro & Way Ports June 4
Peking China & Japan' June 4
G. W. Elder..! Portland & Astoria June 4
S. Barbara. . . '< San' Pedro June 5
Paler.ii j Valparaiso & Way Ports June 5
Point Arena. . Point Arena , June 5
S&nt& Rota. . San Diego & Way Ports June 5
CityPuebla.. Puijet Sound Ports June 0
Acapu.co Panama & Way Ports.. June 7
North Fork— j Humboldt June 7
Mandalay '|Coqullle River June S
Argyll [New York A'ia Panama.l June 8
Konita Newport & Way Ports. I June 8
Columbia Portland & Astoria [June 9
Kalr.ier- Whatcom | June 11
Queen.". ...... I Pu^et Sound Ports .....| June 11
Steamer. j .-. - For. -. . . . ¦ Sjills.
Humboldt. ... Skajrway & Way Ports. June 3
Ohio Nome &. St.' Michael June 3
C. cf Seattle. Slcagway & Way Ports. June 4
C. of Topeka. Skagway & Way Ports. June 4
Farallon f-kagway & Way Ports. June ' 5
Oregon Nome ....June 5
Chico Xome & Candle Creek.. June 5
Lyra Nome & St. Michael June b
Chas. NeUcn.|Golofn:n Bay direct.... June 5
Valencia ] Nome June 7
Bcrtl;a I Cooks Inlet & Way Ports June 7
Indiana I Xome & St. Michael... j June 7
;tramer,
'or.
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. | Pier.
Jane 2. |
Despatch... Seattle & Falrhaven 5 pmjPier 16
Newburg.. Grays Harbor 5 pmlPier 2
Columbia. . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jane :t. 1
Alliance... Portland &. Way... 3 pm Pier 16
Phoenix.... Mendocino City..... 3 pm Pier 13
Kurcka. .., Huinboldt 8 am Pier 13
t-. Monica.. Humboldt .......... 5 pmjPier 2
Bonita Newport & Way... 9 amlPier 11
Cheltalls... Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
St. Paul... Nome &-St Michael 2 pm Pier 3i
June !>.
State Cal.. gan Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Uroatllla... i>uget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier l>
June G.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Arctic . Humboldt 5 pm Pier 2
Amer. Man china &, Japan 1 pm PMtiS
Serapis Hamburg & Way Pier 27
Jane T.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena- 2 pm Pier 2
Rival.. Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pleiades... N*. V. via Panama. Pier —
O Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Curacao... Mexican Ports ..... 10 am Pier 11
Jane 9.
Palena Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Australia.. Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
City Sydnej Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
JnnelU.
City Puob'a Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
June 11. ¦ •¦.
Ranvma... Newport & Way Pts 9. am Pier 11
Mandalay.. Coquillc River .....| 4 pm Pier 2
Destination.
9 '• &¦¦''¦¦ ....- _ ,1 , S
I 8e * # —| TO CALL SUBSCRIBERS ONLY, f*'**
• Every person contracting tc take The Call for six (6) months can secure a $15.00 SET OP
1 "OUR ISLANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE"
% Books will be expressed to subscribers upon receiptof $3.20. Expressage at subscriber's expense.
• Cannot.be bought elsewhere for less than the regular subscription price of $15.
• , AN INVAIiUABLE ADDITION TO EVERY LIBRABY! . '
S ¦ ' . AN ORNAMENT TO ANY DRAWING ROOM!
5 A; SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION AND ENTERTAINMENT for old and young, yielding the de-
• lights of travel without its inconveniences.
I 'THE GALL'S SPECIAL OFFER,
| AS SEEN WITH CAMERA AND PENCIL.
• ' ; ; : ' . \ — — : "
1 J INTRODUCED BY
S MAJOR=GENERAL JOSEPH WHEELER,
g * \ UNITED STATES ARMY. f_
• With Special Descriptive Matter and Narratives by |&
g JOSE DE OLIVARES,
$ . The Noted Author and War Correspondent.
© Author of "The Trocha Telegraph," "The Curse of Lopez," "The Last of The Anguilles," and other West Indian
• . ' Stories.
© • . -
• EMBRACING PERFECT PHOTOGRAPHIC AND DESCRIPTIVE REPRESENTATIONS OF THE
© PEOPLE AND THE ISLANDS LATELY ACQUIRED FROM SPAIN, INCLUDING HAWAII
« AND THE PHILIPPINES; ALSO THEIR MATERIAL RESOURCES AND PRODUC-
• TIONS, HOMES OF THE PEOPLE. THEIR CUSTOMS AND GENERAL AP-
2 ' PEARANCE, WITH MANY HUNDRED VIEWS OF LANDSCAPES,
2 RIVERS, VALLEYS, HILLS AND MOUNTAINS. SO COM-
g ' . . PLETE AS TO PRACTICALLY TRANSFER THE ISL-
O ANDS AND THEIR PEOPLE TO THE
• PICTURED PAGE.
2 With a special consideration of the conditions that prevailed before the declaration of war, by Senators Proctor,
% Thurston, Money and numerous prominent writers and correspondents, and a comparison with conditions as
q . they now exist
© • • '
£ ' Edited and" arranged by
I | - "w :m: . s . bryan,
S Author of "Footprints of the World's History," "Heroes and Heroines of America," "America's War for Hu-
2 , manity," Etc., Etc..
S ' PHOTOGRAPHS BY
S * WALTER B. TOWNSEND, FRED. W. FOUT, GEO. E. DOTTER AND OTHERS.
§' COMPLETE IN TWO QUARTO VOLUMES.
§ REGULAR PRICE $15.00 PER SET. SPECIAL TO CALL READERS $3.20 PER SET.
« Superbly illustrated with more than Twelve Hundred Special Photographs, Colortypes and new Colored Maps.
n i^N. B.— Only subscribers to Daily Call are entitled to these books at premium rate. All mail orders
S must be accompanied by $3.20, and books will be shipped by express, the cost of transportation to be paid by
© subscriber at destination.
O
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OB* THE—' '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE——
ASSURANCE COMPANY
OF LONDON. ENGLAND, ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1901, and for tha
year ending; on that day. as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Capital $25,000,000
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la
Cash 2.750.000
. • ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $173,170 87
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 598,312 50
Cash In Banks S4.2S3 39
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.750 00
Premiums In due Course of Collection 49,084 91
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for- Fire and Marine Risks 563 00
Rents due and accrued 475 00
Total Assets $877,643 63
LIAB1LITTES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $2,453 90
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 2,483 71
Losses resisted, including: expenses.. 427 84
Grces premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. $221,607 98;
reinsurance 50 per cent 110,803 98
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $103,-
079 03; reinsurance pro rata 65,341 M
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 6,349 63
Total Liabilities $187.863 73
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $237,633 04
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ." 22.044 17
Received for Rents 13.767 5-»
Total Income $293,464 71
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $4,452 27. losses of pre-
vlous years) $67,990 73
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 61.617 31
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other _
charges for officers, clerks, etc... 13.2S3 2\
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 3."&» 99
All other payments and expenditures 20.463 77
Total Expenditures $107.123 04
Fhe.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $68.073 87
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
7S^..f^^- $28,201,390 $337.934 19
Net amount of Risks
ext>ired during the
year • 22.732,131 279.S81 96
Net amount in force
December 31. 1901- • 23.727.108 330.587 01
SAML. R. WEED (of "Weed & Kennedy).
Manager. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me, thi3 27tl»
day of January. 1902.
GEO. H. CORET.
Commissioner for California in New York.
Pacific Coast Branch
416-418 California St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
C. F. MULL1XS, E. T\ MEBLING.
Manager. Asst. Manager.
4 1 1 1
f^'-FAVCRlTE
FOR WEAK WQMEIV*.
STATEMENT
OF THE — —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
/
. OF THD —
National Standard
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1001, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California. . pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash $200, 000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
. bonds owned by Company $423,650 00
Cash in Banks 101,427 79
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,083 33
Premiums in due Course of Collec- -
/ "on 94.404 07
Total Assets .; $620,565 19
LIABILITIES. ~~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense •...' $34,846 00
Losses resisted, lncludlnr ex-
penses : 735 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
nine one year or less, $351,275 41;
reinsurance 50 per cent..." 175,637 70
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more, than one year. $73,-
271 07; reinsurance pro rata..... 42 139 41
All other Liabilities . .... ...... .... 63J133 94
Total Liabilities .............. .$306,494 07
INCOME. • ¦¦-¦. - ¦ =
Net cash actually received for Fire
„ Premiums „ $404,918 27
Received for interest and dividends /
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and from ' ¦'<
all other sources 13,242 '11
Total Income .$418,190 33
EXPENDITURES. ~ r ~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses (In-
cluding: $19,543 00. losses of pre-
vious years) $216,775 17
Dividends to Stockholders 24 000 00
Paid. or allowed for Commission or '
Brokerage : i«l 768 is
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other -'
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... '. 3,215 00
Paid for State, National and Local •.
A] t ax «s ._. 11.017 41
All other payments and expenditures 3.147 64
Total Expenditures ,...$370,923 40
. - ~Flre. '¦
Losses Incurred during the year.... $234, 421 17
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks .
written during the ''. ' - -
year $56,024,251 $661,912 08
Net amount of Risks • . ¦
expired during ! the ' '••¦
year ;.. 40,177.398 460,551 13
r*et amount In force ~' ,. s
December 31. lOQl. 37.230.491 . 424,546 48
R. BLEECKER' RATHBONE, President.'
EMIL G. PIEPER. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th
aay of February, 1902. •
CHRIS. BAMBACH, Notary Public.
. ¦'' • \ •• "¦ '¦' ; "-v .::*
Pacific Department
C. A, HENRY & CO.,
215 Sansome Street, -
; ' San Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— —OF THE
FI ASSOCIATION
OF PHILADELPHIA, IN THE STATE OF
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber. A. D. 1901. and for the year ending on
that day. ?s made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash ; $ 500.0C0 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. 512.100 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 1,371,570 49
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 3,132,919 25
Amount of Loans secured by
¦¦ pledge of Bonds. Stocks, and
other marketable securities as
collateral r 66.S50 00
Cash in Company's Office 28,973 76
Cash in Banks 244,355 94
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 28,838 4S
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages * 30,141 09
Premiums in due course of collec-
tion SSS.240 93
Due for Salvage on losses paid.... 1.013 41
Rents due and accrued - 2.660 86
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 7,550 92
Total Assets $6,315,216 02
LIABILITIES.
Losres adjusted and unpaid % 190,663 Off
Losses in process of Adjustment
or In Suspense 175.935 C4
Lotses resisted. Including expenses 49,064 Ut>
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- -
nlng one year or less, $2,371,-
329 24; re-insurance 50 per cent 1,183,664 62
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $2,566,-
455 07; re-insurance pro rata... 1,397.177 51
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on perpetual fire insurance pol-
Mdes 1.906.027 47
All other liabilities 360,643 10
Total Liabilities $5,265,083 36
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums .$3,246,972 IT
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 85.072 07
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 187,766 84
Received for Rents ;. 25,752 20
Total Income $3,516,463 23
EXPENDITURES. ~ ~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $246,183 37. losses of
previous years) $2,084,034 30
Dividends to Stockholders 200,000 00
Paid or allowed, for Commission
or Brokerage 798,142 19
Paid for Salaries. Eees.. and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 236,440 00
Paid for State. National and Local
. taxes 05.44S 20
All other payments and expendi-
tures 155.810 92
Total Expenditures $3,569,975 79
.¦-'if-;' Fire.
Losses incurred during the year.. $2.223. 716 90
Risks and Premiums. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] ~~
. written during the)
¦>' ear ;• - V- " : v •5340.-732.32S $4,359,831 82
Net amount, of Risks!
expired during the
,ye« 311,571.332 3,813,637 01
Km amount ( in . force
December '31. 1901. j 4P8.113.644 4.937.784 31
• E. C. IRVIN. President.
M. G. GARRIGTJES. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 22d
day of January. 1902.
EDWIN S. GATJLT. Notary Public
SAN FRANCISCO DEPARTMENT:
J.M. BECK ,:.: Manager
219 Sansome Street,
San Francisco, Cal.
TELEPHONE MAIN 0024. -
¦I fleflrCa! $i.ooif li
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Assurance Company
OF AMERICA
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of . the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner:
J CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up in \ /
cash $200,000 00
ASSETS. -
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company ;. $433, 750 00
Cash in Banks 64,682 17
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and 'Loans • 1,166 67
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 88,745 23
Total Assets-...;.. $588,344 12
LIABILITIES.
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense '. . . y 34,220 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 250 00
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ing one year or less, $340,871 11;
reinsurance 50 per cent 173,435 56
Gross premiums oa Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $76,-
1G0 75; reinsurance pro rata 43,918 99
All other Liabilities 47,767 99
Total Liabilities $299,502 51
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire r
.premiums $102,976 57
Received for interest and' dividends
on Bon-ls, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources 11,798 G3
• Totaflncome $414,775 22
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses. .. .$218,897 66
Dividends to Stockholders 24,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 121,392 61
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 3,635 00
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 9.C07 42
All other payments and expenditures 3,707 31
Total Expenditures .$381,240 00
' Fire. -
Losses Incurred during the year $234,576 CO
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
¦written during the
year $53,761,834 $617,527 22
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 40,317,021 455,093 58
Net amount in force -< • ¦
December 31. 1001.. 36.878,839 423,03186
i R. C. RATHBONE, President.
EMIL G. PIEPER, Secretary.
Subscribed ar.d sworn to before me, this 7th
day of February, 1002.
• CHRIS. BAMBART. Notary Public
Pacific Department
C. A. HENRY & GO.,
N 215 Sansome Street,
'¦• - San Francisco, Cal. _.
—of the: —
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
L — of the:
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
necticut, on the 31st day of December. A.
D. 1001, and for the year ending on that day.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of sections 610 and 611 or the .Politicn!
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid
up In Cash $1,230^000 00
ASSETS. i
Heal Estate owned by Company.. $942,500 00
Loan." on Bonds and Mortgages.... 703,200 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 8,132.555 91
Amount cf Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral.. 4,800 00
Cash in Company's Office 47,160 57
Cash in Banks 677.993 63
Interest due and accrued on all I
Stocks and Loans ..., y 47 72
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 11,305 S5
Premiums In due Course fit Collec-
tion J l,631.tiS0 0G
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. . 17,026 71
Total Assets $12,259,070 45
LIABILITIES. -— — — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid...... $309,182 26
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 723,618 06
Losses resisted, including expenses. 63,591 01
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
lilng one year or less, $5,795,-
134 72; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 2,897,567 36
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. $7,743.-
C36 40; reinsurance pro rata 3,900,937 32
Commissions and Brokerage due ;
. and to become due 113.325 00
Total Liabilities .$8,008,221 01
INCOME. ~~~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums '. $9,653,783 03
Received for interest on . Bonds
and Mortgages 39,807 30
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loans and
from all other sources...' 320.025 82
Received/ for Rents 17,309 02
Rittlved from air other sources.. 170 72
Total Income ..$10,031,195 S5
' EXPENDITURES. — .
KG*, amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $581,241 46. losses of
previous years) $5,242,822 91
Dividend* to Stockholders 400,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 1,707,772 30
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 567.S51 83
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal Tnxes 198,2SS 82
All other payments and expend- f
iturca 1.096.633 53
Total Expenditures ......... .$0.213.371 39
¦ . ' Fire.
Lotsop incurred during the year... .$6,O75.SS1 IS
Risfcs and Premiums Fire Risks. Prejnlums.
Net amount of
Risks ' wr 1 1 1 e n
I during the year. $1,019,068,207 $11,614,027 12
\Net amount of .
- Risks exp 1 r e d
during the year. 743.100,591 8.S56.697 23
Net " amount in '
« force December
31, J901 1,221.992,701 13.538.77112
~~~ GEO. L. CHASE, President.
P. C. ROYCE. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn, to before me this 3d
day of January. 1902. ' M. ' B. SCOTT. «
( . , Notary Public
HENRY K. BELDENTSanager.
• ' WHITNEY PALACHE, Asst. Manager.
313 California St., S. F.
\A/. TV . H ESS,
K0TAKY P0BL1OAND ATT0RHEY-AX-HW.
Tenth'Floor, Room 1015, Claus' Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone. Main 083.
Residence, 821 California st., below Powell.
; Residence Telephone, James '. 1501.Cannot Account for Wounds.
rP. J. Handley, better known as Joseph
Handley. residing at 1116 Howard street,
was taken to the Central Emergency
Hospital last night suffering from knife
wounds, but beyond admitting that he
had been In a dispute was unable to give
an account of how he received his in
juries, nor could he say with whom he
quarreled. He had been drinking.
The temperature has risen over the Pacific
Coast States and fallen over the Rocky Moan
tain region. The temperature 13 below tho
normal In all districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for. thirty
hours ending midnight June 2:.
Northern California — Fair in south portion,
partly cloudy In north portion Monday, prob- »
ably showers on extreme northern coast; fresh
west wind;, warmer. (
¦ Southern . California — Fair Monday, warmer
In north portion; fresh west wind.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Monday; wanner.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
warmer: fresh northwest wind. '
G. H. WILLSON. Local Forecast Official.
- The pressure has risen rapidly i over tho
plateau and Rocky Mountain regions and fallen
slowly In Southern California.
Generallx cloudy weather prevails over the
northern half of the Pacific slope and fair over
the southern. Light rain has fallen along the
coast .from Cape Mendocino northward, over
Washington. Oregon and the plateau and
Rocky Mountain regions. A thunderstorm la
reported from Salt Lake City. ' ¦ >
FORECAST.
Eureka 55S.Los Angeles 68
ML Tamalpal3. ...... 50 Sacramento 68
Independence CS San Luis Obispo 68
Red Bluff .......V.-CWSan Diego 64
'...'...... 72|
! San Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
98; minimum. ;>0; mean, 54.
WEATHER REPORT.
. (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
i - SAN FRANCISCO, June 1— S p. m.
'. The following maximum temperatures wer«
reported from stations in California to-day:
; Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, June 1.
. Because a little boy wanted to play cars
ari entire family was turned out of house
and home in Fruitvale to-night. Otis
Brown, aged 6, grandson of J. "W. Brown,
who lives on Cherry avenue, tried to form
a train at his grandfather's home. He set
a number of ordinary chairs up' for
coaches and a rocking*) chair for a locomo
tive, and then set his train in motion by
rocking the head chair. This rocking up
set an oil heater and this set nre to the
..house..; : ' ¦". .•." - ¦, /
' .The family escaped with much trouble,
but the house with all of its contents was
destroyed, the place being beyond- the city
limits of Oakland and no fire apparatus
being available. Mr. Brown had $150 in
gold in the house at. the time of the fire
and this was found later by Deputy Sher
iff Fred Jordan, melted into a nugget of
gold. - • . -
The insurance was $700. but the loss will
be greatly in excess of that.
Particular attention will be paid, to exhi
bits. Each booth will be floored., partitioned
and roofed, requiring only ;the arranging of
the Interior by the exhibitor. We are wait
ing to hear from you as to how much space you
want> and as to where you desire to be located.
An early reply will be advantageous to you as
far as location Is concerned.' Rent of space
will be reasonable, and terms can be obtained
by applying to the secretary of the exhibit
committee. Respectfully yours,
M. A. WHIDDEN. Secretary,
Hall of Records, Oakland.
. The grounds will be beautifully illuminated,
colored lights will be placed In all trees
within the inclosure, making a beautiful ap
pearance. To Illuminate the grounds as con
templated will cost $2500.
Our general committee has figured our total
outlay to be $10,000.
The fair will be open to the public every
afternoon and- evening (Sunday excepted), -and
no liquors will be sold on the ground and no
gambling device will . be allowed.- A bra.s.s
band of thirty-six pieces will disperse music
both afternoon and evening.
We have carefully estimated that 100,000 peo
ple will visit our fair during the exhibition.
Excursions will be run from San Francisco,
Fresno, Bakersfield, Sacramento, Santa Rosa,
San Jose and all Intermediate towns.
Accompanying this - letter will be found a
plat of the ground, showing location of exhibit
room, also concessions, band stand, circus ring,
country store, -Jail and court and many, other
places of amusement. '.'>.'
Permission has been obtained from the Mayor
and City Council allowing us Lafayette Square
with twelve blocks of adjoining streets, viz:
Twelfth street on the north, Clay street on the
east, ¦ Ninth street on the south and Castro
street on the west.' . ..;*-'.
Oakland Lodge No. 171, 3. P. O. Elks, has
arranged for a street -fair and carnival, to be
held in the city of Oakland from June 13 to 21,
inclusive. - / ¦ . '.
It is less than two weeks until the. .open
ing of the Elks' street fair and carnival.
The date : of the opening has been ad
vanced one day— that is, from the night
of Saturday, June 14, to Friday, June 13.
This has been done in order that the
opening parade shall not interfere wuli
the merchants on Saturday evening.
."Work on. the fence that will surround
the streets and squares set aside for the
fair by the City Council has already be
gun. A' considerable portion of the work
has been completed,- and by the end of
the week much of the fencing will be tip.
None of the streets will be actually closed
until immediately before the fair opens,
and at no- time will the sidewalks in front
of any of the dwellings be obstructed.
The cost of this fencing alone will be
more than ?3000."
Features are being arranged rapidly,
and the original estimate of $6000 has gone
a-gllmmering and has been raised to <!•),
000/and even this figure will probably be
exceeded. There will : be ' music • all 1 the
time, and it will cost $1000 for this feature
alone. The Elks have appropriated $1000
for their share in the opening parade, ann
the members of the lodge wflr turn out
in a special uniform of the colors of thfe
carnival— white, gold and purple.
Lighting will cost $3000 or more.'. This
feature will ¦ be very elaborate and at
tractive. ' The -decoration of tho- -Hlt?h
School building, the Chabot : University,
the band. stand in the rear of the High
School and the trees in the park will:in
volve the use of thousands of electric
light bulbs and two searchlights. , Fon.y
columns have -been secured from; the Sac
ramento street fair. These will be erect
ed on the grounds and will be utilized to
heighten the effectiveness of the lighting!
An immense arch will be erected across
the main entrance, on Eleventh street.
The general executive committee has
issued the following announcement of the
general plans of the fair, which will be
of special interest to intending exhibitors:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 1.
General Statement Issued by
Executive Committee
to Exhibitors.
Residence of J. W. Brown at
Fruitvale Is Destroyed
With- Contents/ •
Much Money Being Used
to Prepare for the
Big Fair.
Little Qne Upsets Oil
Heater and House '
Is Burned.
ELKS SPENDING
COIN LIBERALLY
CHILD'S PASTIME
PROVES COSTLY
Convict Drowned at- Folsom.
VOLSOM. June 1.— Peter Reed, a con
vict, sentenced for five years for lar
ceny from San Francisco, was drowned
to-day in American River. Reed was de
tailed to carry the lunche}} In a rowboat
across the river to the guards opposite
the prison. As was his custom. Reed
placed the dinner pails in the boat and
pushed from shore. He had not gone fifty
feet when he realized that a boat could
not live in the rapid stream. If was.car
ried to the rock's below and Reed was
thrown into the water and sank. •'•:-'
OCEAN STEAMERS.
. NEW YORK— Arrived June 1— Stmr Minne
halia, from London; jstmr Kalserin Maria The
resa, from Naoles.
Sailed . May • 31 — Etmr . Furncssia, for Glas
row and Moville.. ' '
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed June 1 — Stmr Etru
rin. from Liverpool, for New York. ¦. - ¦ ¦
SOUTHAMPTON — Sailed - June 1 — Stmr
Bremen, from Bremen, for New York."
PAPEETE— Sailed May 17— Fr bark Jean
Baptlste, for San Francisco.'
FOREIGN PORT.
Sunday, June 1.
U S stmr Meade. Ankere, ¦ 27% days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 19 days. ¦
I/ate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Joe Gee, a Chinaman formerly employ
ed as a servant at 1436 Clay street, was
arrested last night for being found in the
house at the number named. Gee's suc
cessor, also a Chinaman, discovered him
In one of the rooms. He gave an alarm,
the intruder was captured and lodged iri
jail on a charge of attempted burglary..;
Attempts Burglary.
FRESNO, June 1.— At a meeting of tne
Beard of Police and Fire Commissioners
held in this city last night twenty pai.l
"call men" were added to the local fire
department. The step had been under
contemplation for a Jong time, and It Is
thought will add greatly to the efficiency
of the department. Heretofore the de
partment had been purely a voluntee
one, the only paid men being the en
gineers and drivers. • There were about
forty applicants for the positions. The
selections were made so as to divide tho
department equally between members of
the Democratic and Republican parties.
James A. Ward, formerly a County Su
pervisor, was chosen early In the week
as chief of the fire department, suc
ceeding W. F. Leavitt. ¦ ¦• • — .
Fresno Improves Fire Department.
VALLEJO, June 1.— Some miscreant
threw a fireball of rags soaked with kero
sene and phosphorus on the roof of the
Delraonico restaurant, in Lynch's build
ing, at the foot of Georgia street, at i
o'clock this morning. The ball rolled into
a tin gutter and the blaze was soon ex
tinguished. The reason-for the attempted
arson is not known. . • . .--...,..
Throws Fireball on a Hoof.
One thousand five hundred and thirteen
novels were published in England last
year.
MODESTO. June 1.— Gilbert M. Reynolds
fired six shots from a revolver at Dr. C. :
W. Evan3 of this city, to-day, but failed
to hit him. One of the bullets lodged In
the thigh of George Moxley, who was on
the opposite side of the street. The-phy
sician."was. in a buggy, and drove awav
when the shooting began. Reynolds sur
rendered, himself to the. Sheriff. He cam?
from Fresno early this morning and had
been drinking heavily.
Dies Grieving Over Brother's Crime.
SAN JOSE, June 1.— Addle Cobb, the
sister of James C. Dunham, the murderer
of the McGlincy family, was burled to
day. Her death came as the result of
that tragedy, which pursued her like. a
horrid nightmare. She changed her name
and sought new fields of action, but the
stigma followed her to the grave. She
was buried in the same cemetery where
the victims of her brotner sleep. Al
though possessed of a strong character,
the burden of her brother's crime bore
her to- the- grave at 20 years, six years
after the tragedy.
Tries to Kill a Physician.
DEATH OF A WITNESS
AGAINST MRS. BOTKIN
Cfchn B. Pennington, the Father of
Her Alleged Victim, Dies in
Delaware.
DOVER, Del., June 1.— Former Attorney
General John B. Pennington, aged 77
years, the oldest lawyer in Delaware, died
to-night in his rooms in the Capitol Hotel.
Aside from his prominence in the law and
statecraft Pennington for nearly a year
was . conspicuous in the public eye over
the entire country because of his connec
tion with the famous murder case of Mrs.
Botkln, convicted and sentenced to life
Imprisonment in California for the mur
der of his two daughters, Mrs. John P.'
Dunning and Mrs. Joshua D. Deane, the
two prominent Dover young women who
were killed by a box of poisoned candy.
The tragedy so shocked the father an-J
mother that Mrs. Pennington died shortly
afterward. . ¦ . • ?
Pennington retired from the practice of
law and gradually wasted away until
death came to-night. His testimony was
believed to be vital in the chain of cir
cumstantial evidence against Mrs. Bot
kin, and in her attorneys' recent efforts to
secure a new trial for the prisoner Pen
nington believed they were only frittering
away the time until death should strike
him down that they might then Becure
the . Californian's release. The authori
ties, however, claim that the case against
Mrs. Botkln is still fatal.
Pennington after practicing civil en
gineering was admitted, to the bar in 1864.
and was subsequently Legislator, Attor
ney General and Congressman. ¦
Wireless Telegraph Station Ready.
SAN PEDRO, June 1.— The Pacific
Wireless Telegraph and j. elephone ; Com
pany's station at Whites - P.oint is now
completed and ready for Instruments, the
adjusting of which will begin to-morrow.
General New stated that only a few days
would be required in which to have, every
thing in readiness for the actual trans
mission of messages between S^nta Cata
lina Island and Whites Point.
Company D to Give Farce.
Company D, First Regiment, will . give
a farce entitled "The Closing Night of the
Hayes Valley Church Fair," on Wednes
day evening, June 11, at Native Sons'
Hall. A ball will follow the play. The
arrangements committee consists of Lieu
tenants J. E. McCormlck and I* T. Bo
land, Corporal C. Deasy, Privates F. Mc-
Govern and J. Sullivan.
Injured by. a Car.
OAKLAND, June 1.— Fred Avefy of
West Berkeley had a narrow escape from
death. at Frultvale to-day. He attempted
to . board a Hay wards car at : Fruitvale
avenue and East: Fourteenth street and
was thrown under . It. The motorman
checked the car promptly,. but Mr.Avery
was badly injured . and was taken, into
, Warren's drug store, where he was treat
ed by Dr. J. II. Callen and afterward ta
ken home. :-'»^'it*i
DERBT. Conn., June 1. — Mrs. Henry
Fhelton Sanford. widow of Henry Shelton
Sanford. Minister to Belgium during
President Lincoln's term, died at her
home here this morning. Mrs. Sanford
was known as the most beautiful woman
at the Belgian court during her husband's
term.
Mrs. Henry Shelton Sanford.
PORTLAND, Or., June 1.— Colonel Peter
Donan, for several years past advertising
agent of the Oregon Railroad and Navi
gation Company, died to-day at his home
in this city. Colonel Donan was wldely
known among newspaper men of th>j
West-
Death of Colonel Peter Donan.
]n the afternoon a reception was ten
dered the Mayor at the opera-house by
the allied trades unions of the city and
the citizens in general. The Mayor, upon
being ¦ Introduced ¦ to 1 the audience by
George G...Radcliff, made an interesting
address and thanked his friends of the
Pajaro Valley for their hearty reception,
after which he personally met and shock
hands with most of his large audience.
WATSONVILLE. June 1.— Mayor Eu
gone E. Schmltz and his wife, accompa
n'ed by a" party of friends from San
Francisco, consisting of Schoql Director
Roncovieri ' and wife. Election Commis
sioner Boyle and wife. Park Commission
er A. Altmann. A. Ruef and his sister and
Herbert . Schmltz, visited Watsonville. to
day and were the guests of Mrs. Schmitzs
mother, Mrs. J. Driscoll, and ner family.
San Francisco's Chief Executive Re-
ceived by Residents of Paiaro
Valley.
WATSONVILLE PEOPLE
WELCOME MAYOR SCHMITZ
After the fire was under control the
body of a man was found burned to a
crisp in one of the' buildings. He is sup
posed to have been ,a candymaker. A
number of persons received a few slight
burns. The fire appears to have bean
started in the kitchen of Kastan's Hotel
probably from the explosion of a gaso
line stove or from a pot of candy boiling
over.
NEW YORK, June 1.— Max Kastan, 32
years old, and Mrs. Lydla McKrow, the
same age, lost their lives to-day in a fire
which swept away many buildings at
Rockaway Beach. Thomas S. McKrow
and his 5-year-old son Frank: Martin
Hanson, aged 28 years, and Morrin Kas
tan, aged 75 years, were injured and taken
to a hospital In Long Island City. Several
hours later young McKrow died and th«
father was reported to be dying.
The fire started in the frame dwelling
occupied by the Kastans. In a short timo
it spread to an unoccupied brick building,
and then in succession It^eled the follow
ing structures: Kastans Hotel, the Colon
nade Hotel, the Casino, Walters' Hotel
Sagamore Hotel, Burns' Hotel. Seaside
avenue Museum, the Annex Hotel, a one
story frame hotel, unoccupied; Peterson's
Hotel and the Mousette. The buildings
for the most part were of the frame sort
found at the seaside. The loss is esti
mated at about $120,000.
a Row of Buildings at the
Ssaside Resort.
Flames Spread Rapidly and Destroy
SEVERAL LIVES ABE LOST
IN A FIRE AT ROCK AW AY
LOS ANGELES, June L— Daniel J.
Hanes, a rancher, -while standing on the
curb at First and Main streets was seized
v/ith an attack of vertigo and fell Into
the street. A heavily loaded wagon was
I'aFsing at the time, and before it could
bo stopped the wheels passed over Hancs.
r rushing him so badly that he died a
short time afterward.
Wagon Crashes Trim to Death.
MISS WHO WON PRIZE FOR MOST SUCCESSFUL WORK ON CHIL
DREN'S BOOTH AT ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH FAIR, YOUNG WOMAN
, IN CHARGE THEREOF AND SOME OF THE LITTLE WORKERS.
SACRAMENTO. June l.-War has been
declared by the newspapers of Sacramen
to against the so-called fraternity or
Greek letter societies in the public schools
as subversive of the best interests of the
schools. Principal Tade of the High
School says that membership in the
"fratV societies is detrimental to the
standing and scholarship of pupils. Mem
bers of the "frats" are defiant and say
the school authorities have no right to
suppress them.
"War Made on the "Frats."
This fair was almost exclusively in the
hands of young people, and the children's
booth was the largest in the hall. Here
dozens of little ones labored for the bene
fit of the church, and very successful
work they did. This booth was under the
gtneral care of Miss Rose A. Gallagher.
A considerable sum has been netted by
this event, but the exact amount will not
be computed until the end of the week.
The attendance has been very good, but
to-morrow night is expected to eclipse
all other evenings because of the an
nouncements to be made and the grand
wind-up of the affair.
It is already known that Clara Boland
has won the gold ring offered for the
mest successful worker connected witn
the children's booth, but the other little
prize-winners are as yet undetermined.
There will be drawings for all
kinds of prizes, an auction of all of the
articles remaining in the various booths,
and the announcement of the names of
the champion workers in the different
booths and departments.
. LAMEDA, June 1.— The fair for
t\ the benefit of St. Joseph's Church
ZAV will close to-morrow night with
jX al l kinds of special features.
Miss Agnes Wheeler (owner) with O. A.
Craemer (contractor). William Koer.lg archi
tect — Excavation, concrete, brick, carpenter,
lumber, mill, stair work, lathing, plastering,
tinning, glass, glazing, rough hardware, electric
work, etc.. for a three-story irame building on
NE corner of Golden Gate avenue and Stelner
street. N f2 by E 40; $11,500.
¦ Mrs. Maurice Casey (owner) with James K.
Britt (contractor), architect Frank S. Van
Trots — Plumbing, gas fixtures, tiling, etc., for
a two-story - basement and aulc brick and
frame building on X line of Broadway 77:3 W
of Baker street, W 77:3 by N 137:0; $3835.
Mrs. M. E. Bowles (owner) with A. S. Ruch
(contractor), architect Albert Sutton — All work
for a five-flat frame and brick building on S
line of Pacific avenue 137:6 W of Pierce, W
CS:9 by B 127:BVi: $25,915.
C. S. Laumelster (owner) with Thomas But
ler (contractor), architects H. G^llfus & Bon —
Excavation, concrete, iron, steel and brick
work for a two-story brick building on SW
line of Main street. 1S3:4 SW of Mission, SB
20 by SW 60; $2429.
T2mil Greenebaum (owner) with Fred P.
Fischer (contractor), Hermann Barth archi
tect — All work except plumbing, painting and
electrical work for a two-story basement and
attic frame residence on N lino of Clay street,
6S:9 W of Locust. W ftS:9 by N 127:SVi ; $15,
060.
Builders' Contracts.
John J. Zammit to same, lot on NE line of
Somerset etreet, 250 NW of Silliman. NW 50
by NE 120. block 20. same; $10.
Susan G. Tevls (widow) to Pacific Realty
Company <a. corporation), all Interest In estate
of Lloyd Tevis; $10.
Emma and Charles Scherine to Jessie I.
Boyce (wife ol William T.). lot on NE corner
of -Green and Fillmore streets, N 41' by E 87:6;
$10. •
F. W. Altken to Lillian M. Wheeler (wife
of Charles SJ, lot on S line of Vallejo street,
¦309 .\V of. Baker. W 51:C by S 137:0; $10.
F W. or -Frank Aitken to same, lot on S
line of Vallejo street, 300:6 W of Baker, rf
137:6 by W l.i. :NW to point. E 21; $10.
Same to Fame, all interest in Western Addi
tion block '071: $10. •
Arthur F. and Adelaide M. Bridjre to same,
lot en S line of Vallejo street, 297:0 W of Ba
ker, W 11:0 by S 137:6; ?10.
John H. and Karen- Hansen to Clinton C.
Crane, lot on E line of Masle street. 102:S»i
B of Sacramento, S 4:10%, E 34:tf, N 4:10%,
S 34:0: also lot on E line of llaple street, ,
107:7Vs S of Sacramento. fc> 25 by E 112:0; $10.
Same to Harry H. Crane, lot on N line of
Sacramento street. 3CE:4 E of First avenue, E
25, N. 127:8)4; -W 1-0. S 9:9»i, W 23:0, Si
117:10Vi: $10.
Bridget Roach to Catherine C. Roach, lot on
W line of San Carlos avenue (Jessie), 151 S j
of Twentieth, S 22 by W 73; cift.
Osmer N. Clark to Hannah Clark (wife). |
lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 25 E of
Dolores, E 25 by S 100; sift.
Edmund J. and Kate T. Hargrave to Harry :
E. and Albert E. Hargrave, undivided third
interest in following: Lot on S line of Twen
ty-eighth street. 100 W of Guerrero, W 26 by
S 114; also lot on S line o( Twenty-eighth
street. 120 W of Guerrero, W 25:8 by S 114;
also all Interest in estate of Henry Hargrave,
deceased; 510.
John E.. Samuel W., James, Walter O. and
Joseph Dixon, Sarah A. Hartnott (Dixon) and
Mary Easton (Dixcn) to Lucy. Dixon,. lot on
S line of PaciSc Etreet. i:!7:0 E of Leaven
worth, E 23 by S 137:6; $10.
Robert and Julia Brags to Marine Engineers'
Beneficial Association Xo. S5 of San Fran
cisco (a coruoraticn), undivided half of lot on
SW line of Main street, 220 SE of Folsom, SW
137:0 by SE o0; $10. I , i
| John J. von Bereen or John Van Bergen and
| Margarethe Van Bergen to Robert D. Connolly,
lot on S corner of Mission and Third streets,
SE 25 by SW 75; $10.
Granville B. and P. Carrie Gilman to Charles
A. Johnson, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth
street, 25 E of San Bruno avenue, E 25 by N
100; 510.
Sarah J. O'Connor to Andrew Lynch, lot on
W line of Eleventh avenue, 175 N of Point
Lobos, X 50 by W 120; $10. • .
Estate of James Boyd (by Augusta Boyd, ex
ecutrix) to Adolph H. Melletz. undivided half
of following: Lot on S line of Clement street,
82-6 W of Twenty-eeventh avenue, W 25 by S
100; also lot on SE corner of Twenty-eighth
avenue and Clement street. E 32:6 by S 100:
also lot on S line of Clement street. 32:6 E of
Twenty-eighth avenue. S 100 by E 25; $400.
Albert C. Mack to William J. and Ellen B.
Hughes lot on Nf line of Richland avenue, 425
E of South avenue, E 50 by N 100, lots 41 and
42, block 7. Holly Park: $1200.
Andrew J. Rcche to Lillle McCcrd (wife of
Mark L ). lot on N line of Richland avenue.
150 S of South avenue. E 125 by N 100, lots
49 to 53, block 7. Holly Park: $10.
Mark L. McCord to same (wife). sa,me; girt.
John H. and Charlotte B. Spring to Olive
Verkouteren (widow). lot on W line of San
Bruno avenue. 75 S of SiUiman street S 25.
W 120 S 150, W 120, N 250. E 140, S 75. E
100, block 2, University Mound: lot on NW
corner of San Bruno avenue and Fe,1ton (Henry)
street, W 240, N 100, E 140. S 25, S 100, S 75.
same; $10.
Olive Verkouteren (widow) to S. Ducas Com
pany (a corporation), lot on E Une of San
Bruno avenue. 225 N of Burrows street. N 50
by E 100, lots 10 and 11, block B. Haley Pur
chase- lot on NW corner of San Bruno avenue
and Felton (Henry) street. N 75 by W 100,
block 2, University Mound: also lot on W line
of San Bruno avenue. 175 S of SIIHman street,
S 67:6 by W 120, same; also lot on NE corner
of Girard and Felton streets. E 90 by N 100,
same; also lot on W line of San Bruno avenue,
75 B of Silliman street. S 25. W 120. S 16rt,
W 120, N 250. E 140, S 75, E 100, tame; $10.
SATURDAY. MAY 31
REAL ESTATE* TRANSACTIONS.
NEW. YORK. June 1.— John T. Bogart
of Castleton, Staten Island, one of the
injured in the automobile accident on
Staten Island on Saturday, died to-day,
making two dead, six severely injured and
a dozen or more slightly injured. W. C.
Baker and C. E. Denzer, his assistant,
who were in the machine, and who spent
the night in an infirmary, ' were released
on bail to-night.
Victim of Automobile Accident Dies.
Colon and Panama are the only towns
en the isthmus now in the control of the
Government and troops are being poured
into these two ports with the hope of
>U'inming the revolutionary advance.
The revolutionists are said to - have
reined the town of Bocas. While the
Government troops were marching into
Bocas to recapture it the mines were ex
ploded and almost all the Government
soldiers killed. .The revolutionists -still
remain in possession of Bocas.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, June 2.— The
British steamer Altrato arrived here from
Colon, Colombia. She reports that there
v.as heavy righting at Bocas del Toro last
veek.
Force at Bocas del
Toro.
revolutionists Entrap a Government
MINES EXPLODE UNDER
COLOMBIAN SOLDIERS
COLUMBUS. Ohio. June 1.— The Arab
Patrol of Aladdin Temple, Nobles of the
ilybtic Shrine, will leave to-morrow morn
ing for San Francisco to attend the meet
ing of- the Imperial Council. The . com
pany will compete for the grand pTize of
icred for the best drilled patrol. A large
tielegation of Shriners and their ladies
will also go from Columbus and vicinity.
DENVER, June 1.— The Rock Island
passenger officials, who have been par
ticularly active In soliciting the patron
ise of Shriners en route to San Francisco
via Colorado, have already arranged for
the movement of special trains for Moo
lah Temple of St. Louis, temples from St.
i'aul, Minneapolis, Omaha and Lincoln;
l^malia Ttmpie, Buffalo, N. Y.; Damas
cus Temple, itochester, X. Y., and Ararat
Itmple, Kansas i?ity.
All cf these trains will pass through
Denver and Colorado Springs between
Jime 3 and G. and will carry nearly a
thousand nobles.
Pass Through. Denver and Col-
orado Springs.
Nearly a Thousand of the Nobles Will
SHRINERS COMING HERE
BY WAY OF COLORADO
At to-day's meeting it was reported that
the laundries had otfered to pay the in
crease, but refused to give the employes
their washing. It is over this 75 cents a
week that the strike will result. The em
ployers announce they will light the mat
ter, and the workers are just as deter
mined. About 150 men and girls will be
a ff ected.
The laundries of this city conduct
boarding-houses in connection with their
establishments, and employes are com
pelled to board there. Besides their board
and a stated salary they have been re
ceiving 75 cents* worth of washing each
week- The workers want the boarding
houses abolished and a raise in wages
jsuflicient to allow them to live where they
desire. Owiiers of the laundries have re
lused to grant the increase asked and
positively refuse to abolish the boarding
nouses. However, they have ottered an
advance of 10 per cent and the right to
maintain the boarding-houses. The laun
dry workers have refused to accept a
c-oniproaiise.
SAN JOSE. June 1.— Every laundry in
this city and Santa Clara will be closed
to-morrow morning, the laundry workers
at a meeting this afternoon having decid
ed to strike unless their demands made a
lew days ago be granted.
Saecial Dispatch to The Call.
Japanese papers give news of large in
creases to Japan's fleet. It is said that
the present 255,202 tons of warships in
commission- and building will be increased
by the addition of five first ciass line-ot
battle ships, two first class cruisers, eight
second class cruisers and ten torpedo
boat destroyers, a total of twenty-flve
vessels, with an aggregate displacement
of 135.SO0 tons. Rumor alleges that funds
will be found by continuing or even in
creasing the present rate of land tax and
by imposing a tax on silk fabrics.
Anxiety is being occasioned at Toklo
and the vicinity by the fact that
rumbling sounds are being heard from
Mount Tsukaba. '
From many parts news is given of dam
age and disaster. Altogether there. .were
seven conflagrations, and the total num
ber of houses destroyed by tire was 14U$.
Floods also caused the destruction of
houses and less of life.
ihe Japanese cgjiser Yayeyema, sent to
relieve the wrecked Musabi at Neumuro,
was wrecked in the same harbor during
the storm. Her crew was saved.
Oft the island of Tuerl and Yoshiri
there were 122 boats engaged in fishing
for herring when the storm began. No
less than seventy boats were cast away,
and out of a total of 1355 men 220 were
drowned. One hundred and ninety-two
corpses had been recovered at the date, of
latest -advices. The men who lost their
lives were mostly from Akita prefecture.
From other fishing districts wrecks were
reported, and the loss of life was great.
VICTORIA, B. C, June 1.— News has
been received from Hokhaid'a of the
drowning of several hundred more Japa
nese fishermen in the terrible gale of the
beginning of May off the coast.
San Jose Strike Promises
Interesting Develop
ments.
Garden City Raiment Likely
to Crowd the Family
Washtub.
Cruiser Is Wrecked in a Har
bor, but the Crew Is
Saved:
Death List in the Great
Storm Off Japan
Increases.
Made and All Remaining Articles Will Be Auctioned*
Announcements of Names of the Champion Workers Will Be
LAUNDRY DOORS
TO BE CLOSED
SPECIAL FEATURES TO MARK
CLOSE OF ST. JOSEPH'S FAIR
GALE'S VICTIMS
ARE HUNDREDS
THE SAN FEANCISGO GALL,: MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1902.
THE COAST RECORD.
C
9
STATIONS. | II II f§ f & -P
; fl» J> -. i J -.: i^ • J * ,
*
Astoria 29.96 56 46 SW Rain .18
Baker 29. OS 60-42 N Cloudy .07
Carson 30.04 52 38 SW Clear T.
Eureka 30.20 58 4« SW Cloudy .22
•Fresno 3O.08 72 43 NW Clear -T.
Flagstaff 29.68 B4 48 W Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.29.»4 48 40 S"W R^n .32
Independence 29.88 68 42 S Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 00 63 48 SW Clear .00
Phoenix .....29.S2 96 68 E Clear .00
Portland 30.00 56 48 S Rain .01
Red Bluff 30.14 6« . 50 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburgr .:..30.04 62 44 S Cloudy' .02
Sacramento ..30.12 68 48 8 Clear .03
Salt Lake..... 29.90 60 48 SW Pt Cldy T.
San Francisco.30.22 B8 50 W Clear i .00
S. L. Oblspo.. 30.16 60 46 W Clear .Oil
San Diego 30.02 64 54 NW Clear , .00
Seattle ...... 29.96 62 44 SW Pt Cldy .00
Spokana 29.84 62 48 SW Cloudy .30
Neah Bay 29.8tt 54 46 SE Rain .22
Waila Walla.. 29. 96 64 48 SW Clear .02
Wlnnemucca .29.98 54 34 SW Cloudy .05
Tuma 29. 82 86 60 SW Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
STATIONS. | II II f§ f & -P
; fl» J> -. i J -.: i^ • J * ,
*
Astoria 29.96 56 46 SW Rain .18
Baker 29. OS 60-42 N Cloudy .07
Carson 30.04 52 38 SW Clear T.
Eureka 30.20 58 4« SW Cloudy .22
•Fresno 3O.08 72 43 NW Clear -T.
Flagstaff 29.68 B4 48 W Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.29.»4 48 40 S"W R^n .32
Independence 29.88 68 42 S Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 30. 00 63 48 SW Clear .00
Phoenix .....29.S2 96 68 E Clear .00
Portland 30.00 56 48 S Rain .01
Red Bluff 30.14 6« . 50 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburgr .:..30.04 62 44 S Cloudy' .02
Sacramento ..30.12 68 48 8 Clear .03
Salt Lake..... 29.90 60 48 SW Pt Cldy T.
San Francisco.30.22 B8 50 W Clear i .00
S. L. Oblspo.. 30.16 60 46 W Clear .Oil
San Diego 30.02 64 54 NW Clear , .00
Seattle ...... 29.96 62 44 SW Pt Cldy .00
Spokana 29.84 62 48 SW Cloudy .30
Neah Bay 29.8tt 54 46 SE Rain .22
Waila Walla.. 29. 96 64 48 SW Clear .02
Wlnnemucca .29.98 54 34 SW Cloudy .05
Tuma 29. 82 86 60 SW Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
OCEAN TRAVEIi.
OCEAIT TEAVEI.
\J. S. JV1AIL. ROUTE.
fP*** SAILINGS.
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch Its first-class steamers, carrying
. United States mails, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows: ¦'• . '
From San Francisco
S. S. ST. PAUL.. J«a« »
B. S. PORTLAND July 1
From Seattle-
s. S. OHIO Jose 3
S. & INDIANA June T
Connecting at Ncme witn steamer Saldle,
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Biuif CUT.
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk -and all Yukon River point*.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
j ~\.\ ..¦ 645 Market st.. 8an Francisco,
> ¦ Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle, Wash.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Slid Americana it Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
: and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, oler 10. 12 m.
PALKNA .June 7.TUCAPE1, July 19
AREQUIPA. . . . June 271OUATEMALA .Au*. 8
Thes« steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight'
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. OUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
8eeaafCfr.5.te, assess
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
...Sunday. June ft, 10 a. m.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, June 12, 10 a. m. .
SS.. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
...Saturday, June 21, 2 p. m.
]. D. SPEItms & BSOICa, Geisral Azts., 329 MariJt :
Gen'l Fasi Cleg, 643 Harm si. Pisr u 7. Partis Si .
AMERICAN LIXB.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St. Louls.June 11, 10a;n;St. Paul. .June 23. 10am
Phila ....June 19, lOamjSt. Louis.July 2,10am
KE1> STAR LINE.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP, PARIS.
Freesland. June 11, noon i Vaderland June 21,nooa
Sou thwrk.. June lS.noun|Kroonlnd..June 2S.nooa
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P.. TAYLOR. O.A.P.C..30 MontgonVy it.
CO MP AGH1 S '. : GEU2R AL3 TSJLSSATLAMTZQn. -
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. ra^m '
SailinK every Thursday, instead of -oEajn
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, »St"Sis"»»»
North 'Rive) foot of Morton street
First clasl to Havre, >70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York J. F- FCGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Acents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickgta sold by all Raiload Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AHD VALLEJO,
GEN.. FRISBIE or'MONlICELLO
0-« a. m.. 3:13 and 3:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day Sunday 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12 :30 noon. 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 P- m. Far* SO
cents. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street clock. . HATCH
BROS.
POSTUM CEREAL.
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street. Corner First. .. . .
W. H. AVERY, General Agent.
"The most severe test I know of was
tvhen my husband was down with gas*
trie typhoid fever. His stomach would
retain nothing: we tried milk and vari-
ous other drinks. Everything we put
Into his stomach would come up in less
tl an three minutes. After the third day
of this kind of work I concluded to give
him some Postum Coffee. He drank It
and relished it and retained It. and for
four weeks he lived on Postum and:nota-
Jng elf-e to speak oL You can depend
t>i:-on it that Postum gained some good
friends, for Husband ; would have died if
it had, not been for the nourishment nf-
ferded by Postum Coffee." Name given
by Pcstum Co., Battle Creek, lllch.
"I used to have stomach trouble and
every time I drank a cup of ordinary
coffee suffered the greatest distress. My
troubles left when I left off coffee and
began using Postum.
Speaking of Postum Food Coffee, a
lady in Toledo, O., says: "For over five
yea re now 1 have used Postum Coffee en-
tirely In place of the ordinary coffee or
tea.
It makes rather solid friends of people
¦when they discover a liquid food that
xvil! save life in extreme cases of need.
Then Postum Saved Him.
THREE DAYS.
..A enr-loftd of Cnll Superior
Atlases lm». nrriveO and they
nre now ' ready for dlnrrihn-
tlon. "All snfoMcribera to -Th*
Cnll are entitled to n copy ot
tills erent 1»oolc at t lie prem-
ium rate- of: Jf 1 ' CiO. Out ol
town KUbwcribevs «leftlrlu«; a
copy of thlst Hiilendld itreia-
lcim /""111 be. nupplletl on re-
ceipt of $1 O<>. \:l~All ni*ill
orders will be alilpped by ex-
press at luljKcrlber's exiienae.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'. Steamers leave San Fran-
iRbiki- Cisco as follows:
EggSSi: For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
'¦ l^iSM^*t1S July 5. Change to company d
• »S&Z£i l 'Mi steamers at Seattle.
! r*™5iSsk«3a For Victoria, Vancouver,
& Port Townser.d. Seattle. Ta-
coma Everett. Whatccna —
255^5 B& <via 2 |orf g/Wl- m«-
.Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara
wmmmM
'Tc^Bay!^ a. m.. June 7. 15. 23. July 1 :
gS^S'SS'^iol- feSS 1 ! 11 '
G Fo y r further information obtain folder
Right Is reserved to change eteamers or sall-
'"TICKF-T OFFICE-^ New Montgomery
Str "c (P D al DUNA°NN: Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOObALI, PMg^ CO.. Gen. Agents.^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
LEAVE SEATTLE:
SENATOR ft P. M.. JUNE 1
' V \LENCIA *• p - JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter <iurlns the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEELA and QUEEN.,
leaving Han Francisco May 2C and May 31 re-
sr.ectively. connect with above steamers. Tne
new and elegant steamships Senator and \a-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passengers and *re l * ht , wUh0 "U°™:
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C D DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco. ¦ ¦-¦ -
O.R & TV/ CO,-.
ONLY STEAMSHIP UNE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino From Portland to All
Points Eest. Through Tickets to. All
Foints. all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer/Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA Sails. .June 2. 12. 22. July 2
SS' GEO XV. ELDER SAILS.. June 7. 17, 27
Steam-r sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y. 8. F.
jSyOliSEN KAISBA.
S TEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
oer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. zo..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo).. Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In--
dla, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of saillnjr. ¦ ¦ " ¦ . ¦...-•'¦
SS. AMERICA MARU .
....Friday. June 6, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU
• \ .Saturday, June 28. 1902
BS. NIPPON MARU.. Thursday, July 24, 1902THE SAN FKAJN CISCO CALI,, MONDAY, -; JUTNTEv 2, lyuz.
10
AyTBD— PEMAliB-^»»._
WANTED — A young girl to assist In light
. housework. 1222 Golden Gate ave.
GIRL for general housework; Scandinavian or
German preferred. 864 McAllister st.
WANTED— Waitress. 435 Ellis st
WANTED — Finishers on custom made coats.
939 Sutter . st.
GIRLS, be your own boss; earn $15 to $20 per
week with private customers; halrdresslng,
manicuring, massage, hairwork taught in 2
weeks: price $3 50; employment guaranteed;
class day and evening. 233 Geary, rms. 13-15.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
. months required; special offer this month:
hairdresslng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st
WANTED — Expert stenographer, one having
had experience in wholesale work preferred;
state salary and* reference. Address box 550,
Call office.
WANTED — A refined. Intelligent and educated
young lady to act as an attendant in a busi-
ness, office; state wages and references. Box
525, Call. , . - - . ¦ ¦.
Hairdressing, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
i dyeing, hairweu-k; splendid position In stores
and with private customers. $50 to $75 mo. : 2
weeks $5; day, ev. classes. 12."6 Market, r. 94.
WANTED — An experienced tailoress for bushel-
ing department S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market st. ?j
COMPETENT woman past 30 to travel for
wholesale house; state age and experience.
Box 204. Call.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; beginners
taught and paid while learning. BAUER
BROS. CO., 21 Sansome St.
WANTED — Elderly woman to assist In light
housework; $5 per month; good home.' 711
Stockton st. "~
AN experienced nurseglrl to go to the country
with a family for a month; $15. Apply to
429 Eush street.
YOUNG girl wanted, to learn dressmaking;
paid while learning. S45 California st
FINISHERS on pants and apprentices to
learn operating. 541 Market st.
PANTS operators j wanted by S. N. WOOD & '
CO. Apply at. factory. 27 Geary st
WANTED — Experienced shlrtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO.. 535 Market St.
A R15FINED lady to travel. Box 223, Call
office.
GIRL^f or housework; 3 In family. 2012 Sutter
street.
BRIGHT girl wanted to keep stock. 656 Mls-
slon st, 3d floor.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' underwear;
good pay. 656 Mission St., 4th (floor.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' waists; good
pay. 656 Mission st. 4th floor.
TUCKERS on automatic machine; good pay.
C56 Mission St., 4th floor. ,
BRIGHT girl to make herself useful in manu-
facturing business. CC6 Mission st, 3d floor.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit
1731 Folsom at
WANTED — Young woman for kitchen In res-
taurant. Apply 2881 Sixteenth st
THOROUGH course In millinery, $1 per week;
day »nd even, class. 143 Stockton, room 18.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers on
gents'^whlta shirts. Rogerson's, 535 Valencia.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HELP, WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.
— .Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.....
Railroad men Free fare.... We ship to-day
For Nevada For Nevada
Free fare Free fare
500 teamsters $2 a day
500 laborers $2 a day
500 Rockmen $2 25 a day
5C0 concrete men $2 25 a day
All-around machinist, railroad machine shop,
$75 and found; 4 carpenters to make con-
crete forms, $3 50 a day; 2 blacksmiths, $3
a day; 2 camp waiters. R. R. camp. $30 and
found
....FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
500 drillers, muckers and headermen, $2 to
$3 a day; 100 outside laborers, §1 75 a day.
Ship Daily
Free fare Free fare
50 laborers, different places, city and near
city, $2 to $2 50 a day; 10 carpenters.' coun-
try, $3 50 a day; 20 milkers, farmers, hay-
makers and others, $25 to $45 and found;
20 hostlers, stablemen and others, $25 to $35
and found : . . . .
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cook and baker, country, $70; second cooks,
• broilers and fryers, $40 to $70; second cook
for summer resort, $00; bartender, country,
$30 and found; laundryman for resort, $35;
starcher, country, $55: marker and distribu-
tor. $35; polisher, $30 and found; 20 dish-
washers, yardmen and kitchen hands for
summer resorts and springs, $25 and $30;
head waiter, $35; pantryman, $30, country
hotel
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st
:Opposlte California Hotel
TWO hotel cooks. $35 and $43. fare advanced;
French or Italian restaurant cook, $00;
. boarding-house cooks. $.10 and $40; dishwash-
ers. $30; waiters and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. G2S Sacramento St.
THREE single-hand miners. §2 day and board;
2 furnace men .for mine." $(J0 and board; 2
laborers for furnace, S45 and board; 4 coal
miners. $2 CO to $2 75 day; C laborers for
mine, $2 day; 4 blacksmiths. $2 50 and $3
• day and $40 month and $2 CO olay and board;
4 blacksmith helpers and floor men $2 to $3
day; ranch wheelwright. $40 and board, 10
carpenters, city and country. ?3 CO to $4 day;
2 plain carpenters. $3 day; poll3her. country
laundry. $12 week; molder. $3 day; car-
riage woodworker, $3 to $4 day; carriage
painters; 3 lead burners. $3 50 day; 2 car-
riage setters for mill. $3 day. and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C28 Sacramento st.
FARMER and wife." $50; 2 men and wives, pri-
vate fu«iilics, $40 and $50; married fruit
farmer. $40 and house rent; farmers, $25
and $30 month and $1 25 day; choremen $20
and $30; gardener, country. $35; man about
. place, S30; 2 can washers, $30 and $40- men
to cut brush. $30; 10 milkers. $30. $32 50 and
$35, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO ,
(328 Sacramento st.
TWENTY laborers and teamsters, country $2
to $2 25 day. free fare; 100 laborers for mill
and woods, $2 day and $30 lo $45 month and
board; head donkey men;, lumber sorters-
lumber pliers; 2. woodchoppers. $2 50 cord;
I 3 men to clear land by contract, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Farmer and wife, $50; gardener or
man about place and wife, $50. Apply Mon-
day to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT
AGENCY,
69 3d St., near Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
....Teamsters and laborers for railroad
......TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA.."!!!
Free fare ......:..'.........¦ Free fare
Office fee $1; no other expenses... .
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 concrete menmnd laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendocino County..... Big Sawmill
50 railroad laborers.. 520 per month & board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
....S26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY .........FREE FARE
....I..... FOK LUMBER WOODS.
j- Full crew for new lumber camp; 50 barkers',
crosscutters, chain tenders, jackscrew men]
timber fellers, swampers, $40 to $60 per
month and beard.
.FOR SAWMILL
2 head setters...' $3 per day
10 lumber pliers. .. .?40 per month and board
5 carpenters, company work, long job. . . .
• ......:.... $3 50 per day
5 structural steel men S3 50 per day
. .' .RANCH HANDS „. . . ...
2. teamsters, ranch. 535 per month and found*
10 men to pick cherries, $1 day and beard;
50 hay hands, $1 25 to $1 50 per-' day and
board; man and wife, small ranch. $46 per
! month: 5 women to -pack fruit, $1 2." per day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638 Clay
... Phone Main 1191.
700 teamsters, ' concrete men, rock men,
steam shovel dumpers. .$2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE! SHIP TO-DAY.
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, " Battle Mountain,
Palisade and Carlin. Ship direct, fee $1.
'175 railroad men; S. P." Co.'s own work
COAST ROAD. FREE. FARE. SHIP
TO-DAY
To San Luis Obispo, Edna, Cuesta, Goleta.
SPENSE, BRADLEY and SAN ANDRO.
15 men for Santa Fe Co.'s own work.. $1 75
; 32 boys to learn trades.".". .$4 to $9 per week
.17 laborers, mine, north .'..$2 per day
52 laborers, mine, south. .$2 to $2 50 per day
20 quarrymen $2 per day
-. 10 wood choppers... ..$2 50 per cord
4 men to clear land. ......... .$30 per acre
i 1 Iron molder. .. ...;.$3 per day
« 2 carriage blacksmiths. ........ .S3 per day
1 carriage painter :..... S3 per day
1 cook, Nevada, see boss here, 10 a. in.
- .... $45 per;- month
Cooks, waiters, etc., city and country......
1 bellboy ..... :.$15 and board
2 milkers for Oregon ...........' .-
r> tie makers, Mendocino Co.. $35 and found
2 tie Eledders, Mendocino Co. .$10 and found
9 tie makers, Mendocino Co.. 12c to 18c each
3 . shoemakers. . country • • ...... . .$2 per day
Many other positions. Call and see our
bulletins. I ' ¦ :
TWO Japancs* boys "for cleaning and general
- work, springs; $25. MRS. M. E. DAY, '335
Geary. - ? • ' . •
MAN and wife, small 'ranch, $50. Apply to
1 MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st:
SPTRTTTTALTS^g ContiHTied.
A— IBMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
or. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; readings by mall ns satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
MME PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant &"card
. reader, bcrn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 12ti Turk.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer: reads your life correctly v.-ithout
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m.to 8 p.m.
25c — A $1 reading this week only for 23c: ad-
vice on love and all business affairs. MME.
J. J. LYONS. 1016 Market, rooms S and ».
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tc-ll comes true; send dim<? and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224.. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
'st.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and 26.
MME. WALTERS, creat card reader; la, 25c;
gents COc. 951 Mission, near OtlT; open Sun.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, elves full
life readings for *1. 1008% Market, op. 5th.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium: truth -or
no pay: full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c; gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth bt.
CARPET - BEATING AND CLEANINO.
WHEN vou become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert. 1512 Polk: tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning' 3 %c yd ;upholster-
ing. 1213 Market. bet.8th&9th;tel. Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop,
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
MODERN Co.; lowest rates for machine clean-
ing. Phone Mint 301. Office 923 Mission st.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 2.50.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.; teL Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE^v7~K^LTY^^A^ency^-No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO, LET.
SUNNY cottage, 3 rooms, bath; front and back
yards: large basement; rent reasonable. 3874
Seventeenth st. ¦
$l«i — SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms: large basement;
yard. 337 Dolores st. near Fifteenth.
DENTISTS.^
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7, Flood bids. : extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
i up; office hours. 9 a. m. to » p. m.; Sundays.
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— "cannot break;-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 30; fillings. 50c;
plates. $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
SET of teeth without platr. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
D RE S S MAKERS AXD SE AMSTR E S S E 9
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-maklns taught; patterns cut. 1010 Mkt.
educational. /
!U3aTd^^Hi61Sl^o1F^l^ctrica^e^jgiI
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. K.;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Biisi-
nets College, 1236 Market st.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where: Indorsed by official court reporters.
' 13S2 Market st
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day. and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school lor the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
Address Ayers' Business 1 College, 723 Market
Bt, for their new catalogue; It Is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg. j
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530 Golden Gate
ave., S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookpg., penmanship; posit' n when qualified.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building. 120 OiFarrell St.
LEARN ad. writing: terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL, 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business \?ollese, 1435 Market, nr. ICth;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeeps; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell 3t.
GIVEN free: mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons. 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing.
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally,
MISS M. G. BARRETT, S02 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher, 1008 Mission: Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863: new SO-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
OltFHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
r.tse help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office^ — Furnish mo3t
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. BuEh 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng. cooks waiters on
short notice. 129.3 Page et. ; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH ' woman wishes place as house-
keeper; good cook; references. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
AN elderly Protestant woman, good cook, would
like to work In family of 4 or 5 adults; will
take care of dining room. and kitchen; small
wash; no chamber v/crk, no windows; wagea
moderate: good city references. 511 Bryant.
GERMAN cook, and man second or pastry and
helper; English, French and Hungarian; city
or country; hotel references. 242 Natoma St.,
basement. . I
A SWEDISH girl wants a place to do cooking
or general housework. . Apply at 5A Vassar
place, between 2d and 3d, off Harrison.
GOOD cook; also another girl; good references;
'can do Rawing, upstairs work or wait at
- table. -2207% Pine st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress wants work. Ad-
dress 1730 Pacific St., West Oakland, Cal.
¦WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
housecleanln*. 337 Jersey, st.
GOVERNESS' position wanted by a lady of
education and refinement; kindergarten an-J
music specialties: best Eastern and State
references; no objection to country. ' H. K.,"
Box C3. Krultvale. Cal.
WANTED— By a competent woman, situation
as housekeeper in institution, hotel or. gen-
tleman's family; is also good nurse and seam-
stress. Apply at 715 Hampshire St.
WILL eome kind elderly or middle-aged lady
, or gentleman help a young girl get a hlglr
school education? A. L.. box 228. Call.
A YOUNG Swedish girl wishes a situation to
do second work. Call at 838 Harrison st,
In rear.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as house-
keeper or cook on ranch: good references.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. Cotati. Sonoma Co. • •
YOUNG lady would like to travel with lady as
companion.., Address MISS F.. 2550 Mission.'
A WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
and cleaning. 1428 Eroadway. ,
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
Vet— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $8 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
."" '':¦'- ¦,.-¦- ¦ :¦ •".-¦-¦: •..- •¦• :*..<.'¦-'• V.
ncsixRjss r. Tt an ce s— c«*« ti >« » a.
A— JOSEPH i"sTR AU B S50 Market st.
Restaurant in the vicinity of Stockton and
OTarrell ets., doing a very large business;
fine opportunity. • • • Hotel with bar-
room, in best part of city; clears over $400 a
month; owner selling on account of sickness.
• * • Saloon near the Chronicle bldg.; fine
d3y and night trade;" lease. • • • Partner
for the enlargement of a good paying tan-
nery. • • • Grocery and bar, south of
Market st. ; rent $45; average receipts $20.
* • • Restaurant in residence part of city:
elegant opportunity for man and wife. • • *
Saloon on Third St.; price $1000; lease. * * *
Country peddling outfit; owner retiring and
will sell for actual cost. • • • Grocery
and bar, north of Market st; fine corner;
cheap rent. * * * Party to invest $5000 in
a good paying manufacturing business. • * *
Butelier shop, with horee and wagon, ice-
house, etc.; a bargain, on account of depart-
¦ ure. • • • Restaurant near Mission St.;
owner going north and will sell cheap; rent
$15. • • • For particulars call on JOSEPH
STRAUB. SCO Market st -
WANTED — A partner to engage In wholesale
liquor business; capital of $7000 needed, tor
particulars apply to De B.. box 227. Call.
PLUMBING, gas fitting: good business; store
trade: fe-olng away; tnap; In Berkeley. L>ox
655. Call office.
MIPmyG-HOPSMS»FOlt ; '8ALia/^"
BARG V1NS and many choice investments in
flrst-clats lodging and boarding houses at all
times: bona nde buyers are welcome to in-
specmn; w at s S^'EINHARD. .
917 Market fct. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone M*nt 1'jII.
! A— LODGING-HOUSES
I The Shriners and Knights are coming. .
! But the following bargains are at hand and
i offered by me, with a guarantee of general
! batifefacticn.
; No. 1 — 40 rooms; fine sunny corner; bay-
window house; rent $125; apartments; snap
j $2500
i Xo. 2— 23 rooms; sunny corner; rent $56; good
furnishings ..*1700
I No. 3 — 21 rooms; well furnished; rent ?Sj
l v $1300
Xo. 4 — 42 rooms; fine corner; good furnish-
ings
No. 5 — 37 rooms; rent $90; mixed furniture
.- T §2000
No. 6 — 9 rooms; good furniture; genuine bar-
gain -" $«*>
1 have houses to suit .the masses. The rich
and poor command same consideration. Gen-
eral satisfaction guaranteed to all. Before
buying call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St., bet. 5lh and toth sts.
_ Phone Mint 1911.
8 ROOMS: $25 cash, balance monthly $200
20 rooms: clears $60 200
18 rooms; just listed »>}0
12 rooms ; tnap ." 450
;:0 rooms; clears $2T>0; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100 1300
100 rooms ; clears $600 9500
40 rooms; $1000 cash, balance monthly.. 2200
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
900 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
1 s="
REDUCED to $1075; 14 rooms, furnished ele-
gantly; $350 cash, bal. monthly payments.
KESTLOFF, 006 Market st.
5S50 — 25 ROOMS; a good-paying investment
for risht party. See Retsloff. »00 Market st
WINSTON & WOLF
•1020 Market Street.
5 rooms; rent $25; price $350, including
piano and sewing machine; part cash; see it.
62 rooms; rent only $30; price $1500; $60C
cash, balance payments; Interest 5 per cent
per annum.
22 rooms; rent $65; new furniture and car-
¦ pets; price $1COO; investigate this house.
39 rooms; rent"$S0; central and a money-
maker: price S1850.
WINSTON & WOLF. 1020 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See — thesa — samples — we — have — 471 — othet s.
» r. ; owner sick bed; all men roomers.. $250
80 r. ; a popular corner; money-maker.. $2000
60 r. ; a splendid corner; house full of nice;
people and fine furniture; 27 bay-win.$4000 :
25 r. ; rent $35; clean; hsekpg; in. $97..$1&00 I
19 r. : 5 blocks n. of Market; thoroughly nice
and respectable; sunny side st; rent only i
$75; good furniture; elegant folding beds; i
terms $S00 cash, $500 at 7 per cent. .$1300 ¦
17 r. : trn.; clears $S1; n. Mkt; cor.; $4&.$S50
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices; in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished.. $S50
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat: corner 200
11 rooro,s; downtown: good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
TRANSIENT lodging-house, furnished In oak, ;
carpets all Brussels, entire furniture goes; I
?200 secures It. Apply to my agent. MOR-
RISON & CO.. 26 Montgomery Et. room 4.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
K50 Market st. — (Inc.).. .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
10 rooms: sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 000
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
1 Money leaned at 1 per cent.
1 Hotels, roadhouses. flats, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
I A. CAMERON & CO..
SCO Market ft. and R Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
i If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
i to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit I
I you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses, ¦
j fiats, all sizes and prices; in all parts ef city. :
i Money loaned. 1% per cent. !
j BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer '
on easy payments.
]<¦ rooms; clears $40 S500
11 rooms: clears $*M> $350
8 rooms ; ; clears $30 $200
! And other bargains. 842 Howard Gt.
FLAT, 6 rooms; nicely furnished: all new; only
few doors from Market st.: rent $30 per mo.:
will sell reasonable if taken at once. 11
Sixth st: no asrents.
A SNAP; 37 rooms: lodging-house; good loca-
tion: rent only $50; price $1500; no transient.
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market Et
I 75 ROOMS; best paying transient Kearny-st.
i lodging-houye: 3 -years' lease; no agents. Box
j 222. Call office.
FOR SALE — Lortgire-bouse of 11 rooms ;- tran-
eltnt. 2OS O'Farrell Ft.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — PHENOMENAL seance to-night. 50c; Mon-
day and Tuesday nights. Brockway, re-
nowned medium for materialization, trumpet
speaking and elate writing. 1052 Ellis st.
PROF. HOLTMAN. medium and gifted healer;
all diseases cured by bis marvelous astro-
psychic power; advice free. 1228 Market st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
. l.alilt cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 1774 15th., nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.. 25c: readings dally.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
clairvoyants.
"~ Vr^f^sTor~paul~destine] *
the first member of india's occult
college ever registered in
and for san francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the world's greatest clair-
voyant and palmist, may.be consulted dally "on
all affairs of life; Paul Destine is, beyond the
shadow of a doubt the most scientific practic-
ing Dalmist and clairvoyant In the world to-
day; his Information and advice on marriages,
divorce, separations, love and family affaire,
bualneaa transactions, lawsuits, mininr, etc.,
are accurate and truthful; he reunites the sep-
arated, restores lest affections, causes speedy
marrlsges, makes you euccessful in your busi-
ness; gives you sood luck; locates hidden treas-
ures and mines; settles old estates that time
has placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness; he
looks into your hand and tells you what ails
you and gives back your lost nerve and energy;
there Is no home «o ead and dreary, no heart
so forsaken and lonely, no life so hard and
blighted, that cannot be; set right, and kept
rlffht, after a visit to this inspired man of
modern times; no matter what trouble you
may have, call and he will help you." or charge
nothing I'or his services; "mediums developed";
readings by mall; fee within reach of all.
320 O'FARRELL ST. 326.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bide.
. She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays event* to occur in. the fu-
ture. Tf you are in trouble, discontented, ' un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
• love or batlness troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 2."c
up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel: Black 4569.
SPECIAL. — Vtc readings, one week; first visit
to your city; clairvoyant, palmist astrologlst,
card and trance reader: this medium has no
equal in telling pant, prenent. future; gives
• names, dates and facts; tells what you came
for without you saying a word; who and
when you will marry, with proper advice;
, evil Influence is removed; separated united;
happy and speedy marriage to your choice
In 9 days: teaches occult science; gives satis-
faction or no pay; hours 10 to S daily and
Sunday. Parlors 1010 Mission st, nr. Sixth.
lilSK. RAVENNA read* life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
« -
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— T.27 Montgomery street
corner Ciay: open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; opsn until 9:.iO p. m.
039 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
.¦«15 Larkin street; ocen until »:30 p. xn.
2841 Mission ttreet; open until 10 p. m.
22(J1 Market street, c-orner Sixteenth; open
until 3 y>. in.
KKi Eleventh street: open until 1) p. m.
ICKK; Valencia s-treet: open until 9 p. ffl ;
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky s-treets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore gtreet; open until 9 P- m.
MEKTINO NOTICES.
— -~ I
ASYLUM 01 Golden Gate Commandery -»• j
No. 16. K. T.. <¦-."• Sutler st.— iiated TSfff 1
.assembly THIS EVENING, at 8 Kffl i
o'clock. Order of Temple. All Irat- «>
crs are courteously invited. v
R. B. MOORE. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLIC1J. .Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Charter No. 1. Royal .
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. J\^
Business end R. A. degree. *L3?
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary. * ,
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. ••
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY (MON- fc £%_
DAY). June 2, 1902. at 8 o'clock tK3?
p. ni. By order of the W. M. ' r
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge Xo. 1. I. O. <*«S&>
O. F. — Initiation and election of if* 1 /^^^
officers MONDAY EVENING.
June 2. Everybody welcome. '*4*»
WM. B. AYER. N. G.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic j
process trom Kam Ahtye, in the Secret Dig- 1
rings Mine, near Laporte, Plumas County, i
Oal . to deposit tailings in worked out pit'
draining into Clark or Slate Creek, and from
P. J. Sheridan and E. N. EkeL. In the
Lancha Plana Mine, at Lancha Plana, Aim- j
dor County. Cal.. to deposit tailings in worked
ant pit draining into Mokelumne River, gives j
notice that a meeting will be held at room 1
r<6. Flood Building. San Francisco. Cal.. on
June 36. 1902, at 1 :30 p. m. . .
ANNUAL Meeting — The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market St., San Francisco,
Cal.. on MONDAY, the 26th day of May.
19C2. at the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..\ for the
purpose of electing a bo»rd of directors to
terve for the er.suing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books,will close
or. Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
Office, 327 Market fct., Han Francisco, Cal.
The above meeting lias been postponed
until Monday. June 2. 1SC2. at ." o'clock p. m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
€13: a!! cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
papes, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc!: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charse without success; established 16 yrt>.
G. W. HOWE, S50 Market st, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
sll cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless cuccersful: all
cases. W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
L. fi. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
bet ft.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
MCYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made: all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. So5 Market, 196S to 1974 Page:
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or two children to board: rood home;
best of care: reasonable. S95 Oak st.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
II. C. Holmes, 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
Kl'SINESS CHANCES.
A— $5C0; CORNER grocery and bar, with llv-
inz-rconis: rent $42: best location on Leav-
enworth «t. ; prood paying. Call R. G.
"WILKE. 2tj'i Kearny Et.
A— 92650; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg:.; rent $75; a flrst-class jjayinir business.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26»,i Kearny st
A— $700; SALOON: only one block north of
Market st. ; net rent ?25; a good paying busi-
ness; va.lue in sigrht. For particulars see R.
G. WILKE. 26 », Kearny st
A— $1600; RESTAURANT on Market St.: daily
receipts about ?G0; lease; splendid chance; a
money maker. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H
Kec.ro;- st.
A — $1254; COFFEE saloon and restaurant near
Market and Powell sts.; value $2500; make
an offer; sickness cause of selling. See R.
G. WILKE, 2« J ,i Kearny st.
A— $250: RESTAURANT: cost to fix up $600;
rent $15; splendid location; a great bargain
and good busiuess. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^
Keitrnj' st. - ¦
A— $450; BAKERY, established years; all store
trade; rent $40; ti rooms and kitchen; baking
1 barrel per day. Call R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearnj- st. 1
A — DAIRY uroduce, delicatessen and tamale I
depot clearing above $:;50 per month; estab. j
years;; the best investment in any kind of |
busines*. Call R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny.
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than j
five months he had drawn as much in dlvl- |
<iends as his principal; why not do the same :
yourself? We guarantee you against loss;
dividends are j>ald every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
lo^s: we accept accounts as low as 510; divl- '
dend for week ending May 31, $5 04; write
or call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, Euite
'Jio. Emma Spreckels building.
A— KREDO & CO. Bargains! This Week Only>
A general merchandise etore, bazaar, no-
tions, etc.; will invoice $3000- .™;nt $18; re-
ceipts ?G000 yearly; 50 per cent profit; at
your own price; best town on coast; offer
wanted. 14 Flood building.
A— KREDO & CO Rare Opportunity
Fancy grocery, delicatessen and restaurant;
cleared $5000 in 2 years; receipts $40 and $60
dally; Al location; trial; make offer. 14
Flood building.
FOR eale^ — Butcher shop in good location;
horse, wagon, good furniture and family
trade; rent $15; price $800; worth $1000. In-
Quire at ilcBRIDE & CO.'S, 765 Market st.
$750 — WHOLESALE and retail store and
manufacturing business; owner practical
workman; wants partner to assist in store
and attend to packing, shipping, etc.: duties
easily acquired. DONNELLY CO..C32 Market.
A — SPECIAL; we have cash customers wait-
ing for saloon, cigar stand, branch bakery
and 1st -class grocery. CAMERON & CO..
E50 Market, rooms 21, 22. 23.
$500 — ROADHOUSE; the owner retiring; will
give 5 years' lease, $12 per month: great
snap. Business Board of Trade. 326 Pine st.
PARTNER wanted with small amount of
money to take Interest in old established real
estate business; 'splendid opportunity: steady
man. Calif. Business Assn., 865% Market.
HOTEL, 120 rooms; fine bar trade; clears $1000
a month. Calif. Business Assn.. 865% Market
1300— PARTNER wanted in light outdoor busi-
ness; $18 to $25 a week, with chance to make
S35 in short time; plain, steady man will find
this a chance worth taking. 25 Geary, rm. 4.
I *\YJ5? CTORS ' ***£• Co ' incorporated May 2.
1902 will etart business In this city byJune
15; 10,000 shares of treasury stock is now
offered to the public at 25c per share- we
puar&r.tee r.t> aseessm«nts and will cheer-
fully refund all money to stockholders any
time within 3 months, who doubt we cannot
a^f er £l v \**'l i ". in a eh °*«r time than
could be obtained :n any other enterprise.
Call or address 137 First st.
FOR 6ALE-A 'minTdairy situated in Ala-
me<Ja County; a ; a r ? e. good paying route;
euDstantial reasons for selling; can Investi-
gate thoroughly. Address "GREGORY "
box 210. Call office.
FOR SALE— A flrst-claes Turkish bath estab-
-.shinent !n one of the best building, in Port-
land, Or.; trade c-stabliehed. Address Virgil
Coomer, 201 Oregonlan bldg.. Portland. Or!
$?«>: worth *1000— Lodging-house of 18 rooms-
gas and bath; all on one floor: furniture oak-
ren } ££i, tw -° ent rances. 805% Howard st.'
and «C% Fourth Et.; owner leaving city
Apply Mrs. Krause. No agents.
FOR SALE-$400: cigar stand; billiard room'-
owner leaving State; must sell; clears SSO
ircrth; full examination permitted. Box
485, Call office,
$800 WILL buy 20 acres of fine fruit wheat
and rolling land; Tehama Co.. near \-iila--e
Coast Real Estate Co.. 763% Market st.
A 2-CHAIR barber ehop for sale; old stand-
retiring from business. Address 642 East
Main St.. Stockton.
CIGAR store, best bargain in* city for small
amount of money; owner sick In bed- rouit
sell cheap. 1016 Market St.. room lo.
FOR SALE — New invention; burglar proor sash
lock. Address box 276. San Mateo. Cal.
6HERWOOD. f>. near Third and" Mission^
stalls for horses; and office house.
KESTAURANT; blggeEp bargain city; must be
Fold to-day. 11 Mason et. ¦
Itore. with large basement, below Kearny, suit-
able for bowllsg. games; lease. C36 Clay, r. 1.
ROUTE In Western Addition; building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1792. Call,
nELP WANTED MAf.E— Cow.^^^
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corpa. U.
S. navy; ablebodied, unmarried men of_a;ooJ
character, between tile ages of 21 asJ 35; not
less than 5 fett 4 inches anr! not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Uecnilttns
Office. 40 EIH3 st.. San X'rancisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two"
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion: catalogue free-, special inducements this
month. Moler System College. Kio Clay st.
WANTED — Younjr man to assist stock clerk
in household goods and kitchen utensils;
state age. references and experience (if any).
Box S!2. Call office. • : _^^
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Hou-»e. 217 Third st; 150 larga
• rooms; 25a per night; $1 to $2 per week. .
WANTED by Master Plasters' Association —
Union lathers. ?2 50 per M. Box 18. Build-
ers' Exchange. lllOVi Broadway. Oakland.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40. Phelar»
big. Past Com. G«o. H. Thomas Post. G.A.K.
50O MEN to buy nsw a^-.rt 2d-hanrl army shoes.
50c vp; soling 20c u?, 023 Howard St.. nr. Sth.
SAILORS anc^,. ordinary ""amen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-so!ed while waiting! 25o
to r.Oc. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 4t Third st. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 25c night ; reading-rooms ; free,
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
THREE well-matched styll.'h carriage teams,
average weight 2500 pounds- perfectly train-
ed: two coal black teams, stand 16:3 hand*.
average weight 2450; six work horses, averaffa
weight 1400. and six fine large driving horse*,
just from the country; these are all well
broken; trlal3 given. Call at OCCIDENTAL.
HORSE EXCHANGE. WM. G. LAYNG. Pro-
prietor. 246 THIRD ST.. formerly 721 How-
ard st
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale — One team 7-year-old, Jet black, well
matched * horses, welging about 14CO pounds
• each. For further information apply to J.
B. COSTA, Duttons Landing. Cal.
YOU can find what yju want in the horse linw
at STEWART'S Horse Market. 721 Howard
*t. near Third; phone Main 1150.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine read and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 14G9 Market cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 0. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 810 Golden Gate ave.
ONE 2-horse wagon, canvas top. 1%-incn steet
axles. Box 205. Call office.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, backboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.diiving horses. 15th&Valencia»
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
CHEAP; must be sold; roadhouse In good run-
ning order; parties going away. Inqulra at
Call office.
• HOUSES TOLET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$30— SUNNY modern 2-story bay-window hous«
of 7 rooms and bath. 720 Broderlck st
HOUSES TO LET--COUNTR.Y.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New cottage, 7 rooms.
bath; fnrnUhed. A. R. HARRISON. 73 Geary.
HOUSES FOR SALE/
UNFURNISHED 8-room house, on - Day st.
cheap; to be removed immediately. Box
" 557, Call. "
LOST AXD FOUND.
LOST — Envelope containing Japanese notes;
liberal reward. Return to 818 O'Farrell st
LOST — Gold watch and chain, bearing -Initials
"L. K." Return 1020 Greenwich; reward.
LIBERAL reward for return of ring with round
red stone set between two diamonds. Dll.
ALFRED NEWMAN, 001 Sutter St.. 1:30 to
3:3o o. m.
, LOST — May 29, a gold chain purse, containing
long chain and locket marked "G." Liberal
reward for return to 464 Haisbt st
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. need3 old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work suar-
anteed. BOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421.
Brass, Iron beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 721 Mission; tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O' DONNE LL. world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles, all who are sick or In trouble,
consult the specialist on fimale complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the mo3t difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstlnata
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NFLL. ofr.ee & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. Sth.
liRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th St., a
graduate of Royal University. Berlin, has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases; all who
arc sick or in trouble consult me before goinsj
elsewhere; takes ladies before and during con-
finement; best motherly cars; infanta adopted;
confinements, $15; room & board. $5 week;
2 to help for room and board. Tel. Blue 411.
A — DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the.
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curing female complaints; ladles, ail
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to>
noraml results; fee low. 1007^ Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladies'
specialist: instant relief guaranteed: home In
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
100S^ Market St.. ocp. 6th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' sp*l
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 728 Post St., nr. Jones.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable spedal-
ist; maternity hospital; home for infants fr*e;
fee low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles*
specialist; a private home before and durin*
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store, Clay & Kearny.
LADIES — "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. 8 Flood bldg.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment 1120 Market.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton st., opposit*
ITnlon Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mcln-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TENTS — TENTS — TENTS.
750 to 10U0 new & second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Dnimm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard^
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Th»
Brunswick-Balke-Col lender Co.. 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors," pumps, wood and Iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
STRONG camping or laundry panel top wagon,
furniture, sewing machine. 3279 Mission it.
35-HORSEPOWER gas engine for sale cheap.
M. A. TUCKER. Clay-at. wharf.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for eale. Valencia St., cor. 15th.
80C0 FEET 2 to G inch pipe, with screw, lead or
flanged Joints. THOMPSON, 40 Mala st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
make?). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 130 Beale st
BOATS launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movin*
picture machines, films. Baclgalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont at.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HEn-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. ]
FOR second-hand machinery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.MclIasters,SE.cor.2d & Brannan.
lgT-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand movlns pto-
tnrjs. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post at.
~ MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gent3*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loaa
Office. 25 Stockton st: phone Bush 481.
YOUNG doss or puppies; canaries for sale.
7t*t Howard st.
I WILL pay good cash prlres for old sealskins;
send Dostal; will call. Box 4960. Call.
TILTON wants sood second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooc^. 154 Oth st. :^tel. Jesaie 2851.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all slsea. any
• condition. FarnsworthEleetrlcalWlu. 113 T»»»»-
HELP WAJVTEP >LiLE--Con.
MURRAY & READY. ! . .... . . .034-636 Clay st.
Phone Main 5S4S.
¦ Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
....... Office Open To-day. 7 a. m.
....Railroad men shipped to-day
....For Nevada and Salt Lake Division
Reno, Vista, Clark, Wadsworth. Ditha. Elko,
Kokeby. Moleen, Iron Point Battle Mountain,
Arizona, free fare _
-769 teamsters, $2 to $2 25.. 8 rockmen, ?2 50
A ............ FOR NEVADA
ooO laborers, $2 460 concrete laborers
- S. P. R. R.— Free Pass •-•
«S car dumpers 30 plow holders
•"•••• Free — S. L«/Dlvision
100 drillers, $2 25 .'..Carpenters* helpers
Arizona Free fare
Teamsters for Arizona. R. R. work; 2 camp
blacksmiths, R. R. work... •-•
•• Get one of our dally lists
free.. ...Santa Fe Co -Fare
50 laborers for the Santa Fe Co.'s own work,
ballasting, track and other gangs, ship daily.
.......... MECHANICAL HELP
¦ - me!? nls k cou ntry shop, good place, steady.
»J SO day; blacksmith, near city, no shoe-
i^S. $2 50 to S3 day; fireman, factory, city.
$2 50 day; blacksmith, sawmill, $45 and
round; 2 brick molders, mine company;
painter for factory, country, steady job, £J
aay; j lead burners, chemical works, $3 50
day
Camp blacksmith. * near ' city, 'US; 10 other
blacksmiths; C blacksmiths' helpers; horse-
shoer. $2 50 to $3 day: brick burner. 52 50
day; machinist, city; 10 carpenters; molder,
brass, city
• Get Our Daily LVsts!!!!!!!!....
;•••• LABORERS
- v J a , borerB . factory, $1 75 day; 4 laborers for
brick yard, $30 and found; 25 laborers, com-
pany work, city, $2 day; 10 laborers, manu-
facturing Co., near city, $34 and found; 50
laborers, different quarries. $2 day and $40
and found; 279 laborers, city and country
jobs, big wages '. ,
••,••• MINES ;
7 laborers, gold mine. $2 50 fare. $60; 7 miners,
s hours, S3 day; 3 miners, shaft work; 10
miners, quartz mine, $2 75 day; 3 . miners,
cinnabar mine, $75; 7 muckers, good mine,
?5o and found; 25 laborers', no experience re-
J u 'red, to work in mines, you'll suit, wages
$40 to $52 and found; 2 furnace men, quick-
silver mine, 575
••• List of Jobs Issued Dally
YOUR FARE IS PAID
TO THE SAWMILLS
• WOOD AND LUMBER YARDS
247 men to work in 53 different mills, yards
and woods, don't need any experience, work
is to pile lumber, work In mills, learn to run
machines and make yourself generally useful,
wages $30, $35, $40, $45 and found, you'll suit
• We Pay the Fare
5 crosscut sawyers; 12 barkers; 9 chain tend-
ers, $45^and found; 18 Jack screwers, $45 and
found; 3 setters, sawmill, $90; 10 lumber
graders, $75; 40 lumber pliers, $45 and found;
drag sawyer, $75 *
•V MISCELLANEOUS
Milk wagon driver, small route. $25 and
found; stableman, country stable, $35 and
found; stableman, south. $35 and found; 10
stablemen, ether Jobs; German laborer, ware-
housej city, $60; young man to care for
horses, $20 and found; boy for stables. $8 a
week; coachman, private place, $30 and
found; man to drive coal wagon, city;
old man to work around institution, $10 and
found; 10 teamsters, city; 5 scraper holders,
city, $(50; can-washer, city dairy, $30 and
found; young man to care for horses, $20 and
found; choreman for dairy
Our lists are ready" 'at'7'a.m.'daVly. "c'aii
and get one
FARMS DAIRIES
.. HAY FIELDS HARVEST FIELDS
FRUIT PICKERS
279 men to work In hay fields and harvest
fields, run mowers and rakes, wages $1 25.
$1 50 and $40 and found -
25 haymakers, fare $1 $40 and found
365 farmers, good steady Jobs. $28 to $35 & fd
26 teamsters for ranches $30 and $35 & fd
30 orchard and fruit farm hands, $26 and $30
and found
10 men to pick and pack fruit.. $30 and found
6 men and boys to pick and pack asparagus,
fare 75c, $26 and found: 15 choremen, ranches
and private places. $20. $25 and $30 and
found; 20 choreboys, ranches, country, $20
and $15 and found; 07 milkers, good, steady
Jobs, $35 to $40 and found; 3 butter-makers.
cheese maker; 3 farmers and wives $40, $45
and $50 and found
You can select your own Job by reading our
daily lists
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
COOKS.... CAMP COOKS... RANCH COOKS
WAITERS BAKFRS
Cook. 5 men. hay press, $25 and found; ceo 1 :
for small resort In Nevada, fee boss here. far»
paid. $45 and found: cook for dredger good
Job. $30 and found ; camp cook, $50 and found ¦
17 cooks, hotels and restaurants; cook, small
restaurant. $t2 3 week; baker on cakes S15
to $20 a week; 3 bakers, country; 3 bakers'
helpers; $2 butchers; 10 waiters; 27 kitchen
- hands; 11 dishwashers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st.— French
cook, country. $G0; assistant cook, $30; night
cook, $10 a week; waiter, near city. $40;
waiter, coffee house, $9 a week; confectioner,
$16 a week; night and day dishwashers, $5
to $7 a week; vegetableman, $25; gardener,
$25; man to raise poultry. $20; cook and
dishwasher to go to Eureka, $50 and $25.
fare raid, etc.
WANTED — Master sallmaker. $5 04 per diem.
A competitive examination of applicants will
I be held for the above position June 17. 1902.
For application and additional Information
address "Commandant, Navy Yard. Mare
-Island, Cal." WILLIAM H. MOODY. Sec-
retary of the Navy.
WANTED— A reliable young man with $125;
¦ light, genteel work: no experience required;
$70 month year round: short hours- no Sunday
work. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Man with $150 take cash dsar
stand. $50 month. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
SALESMAN in gent's furnishing goods; must
¦ make himself generally useful. COX, box
259, Call office.
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, porters, kitchen
help for restaurants; no fee. 526 Montgom-
ery st.
$C0— CIGAR store, well stocked, in Rood loca-
tlon; opportunity for young man small means
to secure good living. 257 Fourth st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes C p. m. Wednesday; salary no object
DISHWASHER wanted at 666 Fourth st.: no
Sunday work.
DISHWASHER wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1923 Flllmore St.,
Chase's Restaurant
WANTED— Waiter at New Golden Gate Hotel
134 Fourth st.
LABORERS shipped to Nevada, free fare. See
MURRAY & CO., 28 East st.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
WANTED — A barber for Santa Rosa. Call at
402 Brannan st. Monday morning.
GOOD steady restaurant cook. 5 Polk st.
BARKEEPER; German preferred; must be
active and well recommended. Box 261. Call.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 223 Brannan st.
WANTED — Man to wash dishes and help In
dining-room. 258 'First st.
WANTED — Young man as porter In saloon
. The Bivouac, corner Tenth and Market sts!
ELDERLY man for general lodging-house
work: small wages; afternoon. 704 Howard.
WANTED — Cashier, male. Apply Cal. Dairy
Kitchen with reference. 761 Market st.
WANTED-^Night cashier to make himself
generally useful. 29A Stockton st.
WANTED — Lunch waiter at 1406 Polk st.
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday afternoon
and Sunday, for 6 weeks. 1406& Dupont st
GOOD. paying barber shop for sale cheap! 828
Bryant st.
WANTED— 2 young men; good references-
hours 6 to 12 p. m. : apply by letter only
BACIGALUPI. 840 Market St.. *'
BARBER shops and rooming houses supplied
• with " towels. 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
Supply Co., 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED— Grocery clerk: good wages; must
have references. M. D. MEYER & CO. Geary
and Devisadero sts.
¦ — ¦ '— 2
WANTED— Experienced liquor salesman- Ger-
man preferred; references required- old e^-
tabllshed house. Box 547. Call office.
WANTED — A good bushelman. S N. WOOn
& CO.. 718 Market st. °" OOD
BARBERS. 4-chair shop for sale- flrst-class
Apply WILL & FINCK. 21 O'Farrell st.
PANTSMAKERS to take work out. 541 Mar-
ket st., upstairs. .
CUTTER on tailoring who understands country
orders. 641 Market st. y
BOY wanted to learn trade. THE FINK ~Z
SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market st * 1Wlt *
WOODWORKER wanted on buggies- steady
work. 1504 Folsom st. «'«• s«aay
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
• Folsoin st .
YOUNG man to learn glove finishing. $4 per
week to start. Carson Glove Co.. 35 Market.
BOYS wanted. Apply California Barrel Fa*
- tory. Twenty-second and Illinois sts. w
WANTED^-An all-round Jeweler. Apply J. N.
PHILLIPS, C2i J st.. Sacramento.
WANTED— Boy fpr wholesale house; chance to
advance. Box 1745. Call office.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged -hair
price. 863 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
• - sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to lenra barber trade
S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard st
•¦."¦¦ '. ¦ . V
' '- WANTED MALE.y'
CKEP — First-class American cook, suitable for
-.springs, resorts, etc., wishes situation; lately
cooking In best • Eastern hotels. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
I WOULD like to get a good home; can milk,
care horse and buggy and garden; all-around
good man. 60 years. Box 257. Call.
A YOUNG man, good and reliable, wishes po-
sition as blacksmith in city or country. Box
263. Call office. .
PIANO player, good sight reader, wants posi-
tion. Address F. S., 26 Sacramento st.
"WANTED — Work mornings or evenings at
sweeping and cleaning up. Box 553, Call.
A YOUNG man of good standing is desirous of
obtaining a position as collector or solicitor;
speaks German and can give best of referen-
ences. Address box 624, Call office.
YOUNG, well educated Swiss gentleman, hav-
ing perfect knowledge of German. French and
English, wishes situation as valet or compan-
ion. JOHN STALDER. 581 12th st. Oakland.
POSITION wanted by an experienced butcher,
cutter and sausage maker; country pre-
f erred. 627 Wisconsin st.
BOOKKEEPER, young man. age 25. wishes
position: eight-years' experience; best refer-
ences. Box 236. Callofnce.
WANTED — By an experienced blacksmith, a
position; Is a thorough carriage blacksmith.
Box 226, Call office. - '
CHINESE -first-class cook wishes position as
such in first-class hotel, city, country or
springs. " 13 Waverly place.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Ei-bscriptlons has been established at 1006
Valencia st. . ¦ ¦ ¦ '
__^ EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying prop-
erty, one of the finest ranches in Sonoma
Valley. Address R. CLARK. Agua Callente,
Sonoma Valley, Cal. t /
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
fold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
- MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS .TO LET.' .
ELEGANT new flat, 6 rooms; modern im-
provements; gas and electric lighted; Noe
arid Elizabeth sts. Mission and 24th sts.
cars pass.
UPPEK sunny flat 4 rooms, gas, hot and cold
water; ash man free. 22 Summer st., near
_Elghth. _^
TURK, 524 V t — Sunny flat of three rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping; rc-nt reasonable.
FLAT of . 5 rooms and bath; modern improve-
ments. 3446 Twentieth St., near Capp.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975, opp. Jefferson Sq. —
Upper sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and bath.
SUNNY flat, 4 rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
2K>3 and 2829 AVashlngton st.
TENTH, 435— Flat, 6 rooms, bath and laundry.
UPPER 4-room flat and bath; rent $15. 336
Tehama st. .
$15 — UPPER flat of 12 rooms. 27 Broa'dway.
t ¦ '
I FLATS TO LET FURNISHED.
FOR RENT — For two months, elegantly fAir-
nlshed new upper flat of eight rooms, sunny
and modern; on corner; fine view; electric
lights; porcelain bath; gas range; piano, etc. ; '
close in: three car lines; reasonable to right
party of adults. Box 260. Call office.
GOLDEN GATE. 1517-^4 rms.-.bath; gas range;
garden: $25; lower fiat. 2 rms., $12 60; 1 to 4. :
FIIRMTURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in Qak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market, i
FOR SALE — Flat 5 rooms and bath, furnished,
at 631B Minna. Call Sunday and Monday.
. FURNITURE WANTED. '
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT, 773. Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WAKTEP--.F13M ALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, cafe, Los - Angeles . (no Sun-
day work), must understand arm and check
work, fare paid $10 week
.Head waitress, nice place.;' ..$40
10 waitresses, springs, fare one way. .$10-$25 ;
Chambermaid, springs, 12th month, fare one ;
way $20 ',
SO waitresses, city and commercial hotels.. ¦
$20-$25 :
Chambermaid to wait, country hotel, fare paid !
$20
3 waitresses, ' Arizona, free fare $25
Man and wife, cook and helper, resort $65
2 waitresses, same place $20
. Forelady, laundry, must understand marking
and distributing $10 week
Assistant laundress, summer resort, fare I
paid $20 j
Laundress, city $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way... $20 !
., $25
Woman and 'daughter, working housekeeper,
country hotel $40
' 2 waitresses. Santa ruz, fare one way $20
Restaurant waitress i $7 week
Woman, day work, steady place, no Sunday
work $1 day
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nurseglrl. care of small children, nice place,
S15-I20; young girl, assist care of children,
$10; 5 places nursegirls, $10-$20; cook and
second girl, same American family, city, $45;
houseglrl to assist, nice American family,
$15. In fact we have many places for cooks, '¦
houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls, city and j
country, best of wages, call -and see us.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny st.
. : and Grant ave.) ¦
A WAITRESS for restaurant. $8 a week, no
Sunday work; a waitress and parlormaid, 2
in family, $25; a laundress to help In house-
work,- $25; a cook for. large family, $35; 40
housework girls for city and country. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st., near Powell.
A MAN and wife for a milk dalrj', $60; a man
and wife for private family In country, $50;
a man and wife for small ranch place, $45 to
$50. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter Bt.,
near Powell."
A YOUNG, strong Irish Cathollcglrl as kitchen
maid in a private family, $25. MISS PLUN-
KETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
MRS. M. E. DAY ...Phone Main 1575
- •'. HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 head waitresses, $35 and $30; 25 waitress-
es, flrst-class springs, mountain and sum-
, mer resorts, $25 and $20; 20 waitresses, flrst-
class commercial and city hotels, $25, $22 50,
$20; chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
¦ cook, about 20 boarders, no dishwashing, $45,
, sleep home; laundress, private family. $35.
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary.
WANTED — 3 cooks, country, $30, $35: 2 par-
• lormaids, city and, country, $25, $30; 4 sec-
ond girls, $20, $25: 3 waitresses for springs,
?25, go to-day; cook, small resort. $40; kitch-
en maid, country, $25; north German nurse
girl, $25; 2 housekeepers, $20, $25; waitress,
mining camp. $25; 55 girls for housework in
city and country, $20, $25, $30. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
COOK and second girl, same house. $30- and
$25; a second girl. $25; housegirl, $30; board-
ing-house cook. $35; waitress, $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter st. . , . v .
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY."
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
"WANTED — Competent girl for second and
waiting; Gorman or Scandinavian preferred.
Call between 0 and 10:30 or 5 and 6, 1640
Pine st. , " ..
A YOUNG girl from 16 to 18 for general
housework; 3 In family; no washlns. 1722
O'Farrell st. , ...
GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for housework
¦ and plain cooking; small family; wages $25-
I $30. 2520 Vallejo st. . •
GIRL for general housework. Apply morning
CCS Franklin St.. between McAllister st. and
Golden Gate ave.
WANTED — A. girl to care for 2 children; fam-'
Ily to.be In. country 2 months. Apply. 1S18
" Sacramento st. . • :•', •
GIRL- to- learn ladles' '• tailoring; paid , while
learning:. 1610%- Bush st.
WAITRESS wanted; 1 experience not necessary.
Apply 211' Eddy st. . •
I WAITRESS wanted. Call at 2 Eighth St., near
i Market.'- "" , ...
WANTED — Young .girl apprentice: wages after
first four weeks., Hair Store. 112 .Eddy st.
WANTED— First-class skirt maker. Call be-
tween 10 and 12. .003 Eddy st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses at 1007 Market st.
WANTED— :Waltres3 at , 7 - Tay lor st. ; wages
$7 per week.
GIRL " wanted for general housework • and
cooking; small family, 1423 Larkin at.Death, of John Fritsch.
. PETALUMA, June 1.— John Fritsch, one
of the oldest citizens of Petaluma, died
this morning after a long illness. The de
ceased was one of the pioneers of Sonoma
County, coming; to California in June,
1&52, in company with William Zartman.
After a few months, spent In mining they
came to Petaluma and under the firm
name of Fritsch & Zartman engaged In
the blacksmithing business on Main
street, i where the Fritsch & Zartman
brick block now stands. Fritsch was a
charter member of Petaluma Lodge No.
30, Independent Order of Odd "Fellows, un
der whose auspices he will be burled
Tuesday. , • ; . . .-..-•-
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, /--MONDAY; JUKE 2, 1902.
11
PERSONALS Continued.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single. three-q"uarter
or double, $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St., near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary St., S.F.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find Car-
hartt's union-made overalls at SUMMER-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market sts.
BASEBALL Schedule Memorandum. Vol. 2.
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-.
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns ;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MOXEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR habit — A new, safe and sure, cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. O. box 552. San Jose. Cal.
"COUGH-EASY-DOGOOD" moans Just what it
says; try It and be convinced. 25c at your
druggist's.
MY hairdrcssing is acknowledged to be the
very best; 25c for any style. G. LEJDERi-R.
123 Stockton st.
FINE SUITS. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Mcore.332 O'Farrell; send for clrculai.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc.. permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook,426 Sutter.
SPAXISH lessons and translations. 013 Mc-
Allister Et.
RUPTURE cured: no operation. Daln or lost
time. Fidelitv Rupture Cure. 2G>A> Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SUPERFLUOUS half and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELF.CTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 17 19 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
Masquerade costumes' at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric light baths, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism. etc. 233 Geary,r.27.'
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDUMS Ezyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggist*'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURB
Instantly; 10c ar.d 25c. All druffgists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders*. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druegistE.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and . piles cured ; no pay until cured :
no operation; no detention from business; all
private disea&es treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfiald, G Turk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021 U Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts fured by absorption; rectal disease?
without operation. Dr. Eall. lO'IHi Market.
• REAL ESTATE— CITY- — FOR SALE.
EXECUTOR'S SALE '. '
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
EXECUTOR'S SALE
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
AT AUCTION.
- AT AUCTION.
BY ORDER OF THE I
EXECUTORS Of THE
ESTATE OF i
ADOLPH SUTRO, DECEASED. !
THURSDAY, JUNE 5th, 1902.
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
AT SALESROOM. 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
AFHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS.
197 MARIXE VIEW LOTS
FOR HOME SEEKERS.
BARGAIN HUNTERS
INVESTORS.
MUST BE SOLD
TO PAY DEBTS, -V.
SUBJECT ONLY TO i
APPROVAL OF
PROBATE
COURT.
THESE BEAUTIFUL
LOTS FRONT ON
ASHBURY. CLAYTON.
SIXTEENTH STS. AND
TREMONT AVE.
LOOK OUT FOR
BARGAINS.
SAN MATEO ELECTRIC CARS ALONG
ASHBURY ST. PASS THE PROPERTY.
MASONIC AVE. AND HAIGHT ST.
LINES ONLY A FEW BLOCKS DISTANT.
UNSURPASSED VIEW OF OCEAN.
PARK, GOLDEN GATE AND CITY.
TERMS CASH.
HIBERXIA BANK
WILL LEND
ONE-HALF OF SELLING PRICE
TO BUYERS.
DON'T FORGET THE DATE.
THURSDAY.
JUNE 5th, AT 12 O'CLOCK.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 MONTGOMERY ST.
$2200 — LOOK at this; a genuine bargain; cot-
tage. (5 rooms and bath; street bituminlzed:
lot 31x100; sunny side; 20th St., between Va-
lencia and Guerrero; must be sold. J. " F.
PLUMBE, 1402 Valencia st
FOR sale — Two nice flats, modern, on easy
terms. See owner 3983 Twenty-fifth st.
POINT RICHMOND REAL. ESTATE.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
CITY OF RICHMOND.
The coming city of the West, situated on the
east Bide of San Francisco Bay. adjoining
Point Richmond. The terminus of the Santa
Fe and Southern Pacific R. R: Cos., location
of the Standard Oil Co.'S refineries and Union
Iron Works. Thousands of men will bo em-
ployed. Think what the City of Richmond
will be with these advantages. Have you any
money to Invest? Do you want to make
money? Don't hesitate while you have the
chance to buy lots In the City of Richmond.
FROM $180. FROM $150. jj
|3 PER MONTH.' $5 PER MONTH.
SEE THESE LOTS!
SEE THESE LOTS!
Some of the best corners and inside lots left.
Streets graded and macadamized.
Electric R. R. franchise passes through the
property.
Railroarl Depot at each end of the tract
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe.
Send for official map; mailed free.
RICHMOND LAND CO. (Inc.).
Room 182, Crocker building, S. F.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE ~SEA^TEMTFRAliClSCO^-
Small tracts. $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Kan Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best ft>r poultry and general farming. Apply
t>> The Cotati Co.. .'102 California St., for
pamphlets and information.
FARMS, ranches, cltv and suburban property
for tale and exchange: unimproved lands In
large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR. Realty and Mln-
ing Co.. 713 Market, r. iOH; tel. James 4121.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
fpr sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
larce and email tracts In Alameda. San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY &. CARR, Realty and Min-
ing Co., 713 Market, r. 406; tel. James 4121.
FOR Bale — Small chicken ranch: fine; fully
equipped: within % mile of -Sonoma; must
sell; oheftn for cash. Write to C. R WIN-
FIKLD. Sonorra. Cal.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent ¦ free.
WOOKTER. WKITTON & MONTGOMER1'
634 Market st.
WRITE WELLS, SAUNDERS & CO.. Pcta-
luma, for list of bargains in fruit and
chtcken ranches.
$t*0 — SAN JOSE cottage, S rooms, barn; must
be sold for half its value. Address J. RUBEL
1209 Eagle ave., Alameda.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mine*. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg. .
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfnrn.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week cr month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
EURNETT. 142ts Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rms.f suites, single;. also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1233, opposite Lurline Baths— Smgle or'
In suite:. 0-12 -a. m. ¦ . -
CLIFFORD. 204. Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
: furnished sunny rooms;' prices reasonable.
EDDY,' 730 — Elegant newly furnished rooms j in
suites or single. . . , ' ' -
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. rooms, 3. r .c,
$1 50 night; $1 50. $C week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 847— Single front rooms,
furnished;- ODnosite Jefferson Square; refer-
ences required. " .-¦ ' . .
GOLDEN GATE, 1521— $20; gas and water
free; 4 rooms. SPECK & CO., 067 Market.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms ?5c to
$1 50 night; gl 75 to $5 week; reading'room.
JESSIE. 3G3, near Fifth and Market— Fur-
nished. rooms, $4, $5 and $0 per. month.
KEARNY, 104 — Front suite two unfurnished
rooms, $10: 4 rooms. $18; no children.
MCALLISTER," 907 — Nicely furnished inside
room; German family; $3 month.
MINNA, 0G7, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; -elevator; elee. lights; day, week. mo.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, .$2
to $8; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
lloor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
. near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER, ' 303V, — Newly renovated pleasant
rooms; double and single, from $1 50 week to
- $5; respectable. t '
TO let — Furnished rooms; private family; best
of city references. Address box 25S, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ¦
rooms and board. ~
t1Se~jJ2a1Xis?erT5oTV^
opened; elesrantly furnished : suite or singie
rooms, with or. without bath; excellent table;
references. . .
CORBIN, The, S36 Sutter St., corner Leaven-
worth — Nicely furnished rooms; single and
suites; all sunny; table first class.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rate3.
FOLSOM, 1318 — Large sunny room, closet, with
board; private family; terms reasonable.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class • house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
"HEATH." 312 Eddy st.— Select family hotel:
• exceptional table; popular prices.
VAN" NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS. 915 — Large sunny suite; also dou-
ble e.nd single rooms: excellent board; reas.
ROOMS AXO ItOAUU AVANTE1J.
WANTED — By a young man who works nights,
board and a quiet room, preferably with a
respectably family in the neighborhood ot
Sixteenth and Valencia sts.: must have sup-
per at 4 p. m. Address at once, E. C. MUR-
DOCH. 20 Dearborn place.
WANTED — Board and room for lady's new bi-
cycle-sult; divided. Box -511. Call office.
ROO3IS WANTED..
WAXTED^-Two housekeeping rooms and sta-
ble and room for 2 buggies. 4137^' 17th st.
STABLES. TO LET. ¦
STABLE — 2 stalls and wagon room. 36 Brady
St., off Market; hear Twelfth. -.,.. !
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY, CON.— A dividend. No. 42. of
fifty cents (50c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company, has been declared"
payable at tKe office of the company, rooms
202-2u4-20<5 Hayward buildlnff, San Fran-
cisco, on June 10. 1002. Transfer books close
June 3, at noon. . .-'
• ¦ J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.'
PROPOSALS'.
U^IVERSlT^~^F^ALlFOR^ixA7~lBerkei:ey—
Notice to Contractors, Builders and Material
.Men: Notlqe is hereby given to 'all con-
cerned that . sealed proposals or bids are
solicited for cerforminsr the labor and fur-
nishing the materials -necessary to the erec-
tion of an addition" to'the Bacon Art Gallery
and' Library building on the grounds of the
University of California at Berkeley, Ala-
meda. County, California, and said bids or
proposals .will be received at the office of the
Board' of Regents, South Hall, Berkeley, at
' or before. 12 o'clock m. of the Cth day of
June, 1U02. And notice is hereby further
glven'that the plans and specifications of
eaid building have been made and adopted
and are placed in above-named office, where
the same may he seen and examined during
each day from 9 o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock
p. m. from this date until said 6th day of
June. l!)02. -No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said pro-
peser equal to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that if said bid or oroposal shall be accepted
the narty proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the
duty and obligations in accordance with said
proposal, and plans and specifications, which
shall be and are hereby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved.
This notice Is given pursuant to an act en-
titled, "An act Io amend an act entitled,
'An act to create and organize the University
of California.' approved March 25, 1868, and
an .act amendatory pt section 25 thereof, ap-
proved March 28, 1S72. relating to the con-
struction of buildings," anproVed March 3,
1S97. . ' .
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board ot Regents.
W. A. McKOWEN, Acting Secretary,
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals wfll be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Call-
. fornla, at Its office, room 13. 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco. Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a. m
SATURDAY, June 14, ¦ 1902, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master find commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountt'Ule), for six months, commencing
July 1. 1SJ02, and ending December 31, 1902
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid wlll.be considered unless It is
In accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
wllr enter into a- good and valid contract upon
. notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified. . ¦
Address .1. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
• fornla, room l.'{, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco,' Cal. By order of the Board of Direct-
ore. ' • J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
SAN , FRANCISCO. Cal,. . May 5, 1902— Sealed
ijroposals, in triulicate, will be received here
and at office of* Quartermaster, until U
o'clock a. m., Wednesday, June 4, l'jO2, and
then opened, for furnishing, during the first
, else -months of fiscal year, • commencing July
1, 1902, forage and straw for San Diego
Barcacks. Cal.; also at same time, at this
office only, for forage and straw for Alca-
traz Island, Fort Baker. Benicia Barracks
Fort Mason, Fort McDowell, Presidio of Sau
Francisco, San Francisco, and Wan Fran-
cisco, Cal., for shipment to .Honolulu,! H. ,T
Government .reserves richt. to reject or cc-
cect any or all bids in whole or in part.
Preference given to articles of American
production, conditions of Drire and quality
(includinn In. the' price , 'of foreign nroduc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference given to articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
) tent of connumntion required by the public
service there. All information furnished on
application to . quartermaster at San Diego
r Barrack3 or to undersigned. Envelopes con-
taining bids to be Indorsed "Proposal* for
Forase and Straw," and addressed to ¦ said
quartermaster, or to D. D. WHEELER, D.
Q. M. General. CO- M.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Army trans-
port Rosecrans. Office of. General Superin-
tendent Army Transport Service, 30 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal:, May
3. 1902. — Sealed proposals, in triplicate, for
the purchase j of .. the Army transport
Rosecrans. will Ise received in this office until
12 rn. June 6, 1002, and then opened. Vessel
to bt delivered to successful bidder at Sun
Francisco, Cal- - The Government reserves
the right to reject any or all proposals. En-
velopes containing proposals should be . in-
dorsed ' 'Proposals for j Purchase of . Army
transport ROBecrans," and addressed to the
. General Superintendent, Army . Transport
Service, San Francisco, Cal. Particulars as
to Bonds' required, and information as to the '
character of vessel, etc.. furnished on appli-
cation. -. - .. ¦• ¦ . './ ¦ : .-• .. •
OFFICE of C.' Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks
Wash., May 30/ 1902.— Sealed proDosals, in
triplicate, will be received at the office of
' the Denot- Quartermaster, Portland, Oregon,
until : 2 :30 p. m., ' June 19. , 1002, and then
opened, for the construction of a steamboat
In accordance .with the plans and specifica-
tions on file in the Depot .' Quartermaster's
Ofrlce -at -Portland, where -full -information
will be furnished. -Envelopes containing pro-
posals , should be. • marked : ¦ .'''Proposals for
Steamboat," and addressed W. A. BETHEL,
MOXEY TO LOAN.
HERSrA^rTlTTR^H^C^i^^^xam7ner^*bidg"
$4,5uO,000 at less than back rates
LOANS MADE
On first and second mortgages.......
Life interests in estates
Property being held In trust........
Undivided interests in real estate
Estates in probate — Legacies
j Assignment of rents
_ Life Insurance policies
~k ..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money
See HERM»N MURPHY ""
C01-O02 bui'.ding \
A — P.. McCOLGAN. 2* Montgomery st., room 3.
Loans anv amount at lowest rates
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortpases.
On third mortgages.
Or. undivided interests in r^al estate*
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 5516.
T<. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
A A— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.) :
$:.00.000 at 5'*; and « per cent in sums to suit-
City. Oakland. Town and Country l>roperty:
s«.eond mortgages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN' LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount; 0 per cent; first,
yecond and third mortgages, estates in pro^-
hate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
i-antiie Interests, corporation loans. Room 16
Irt floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY
Safe Deposit bldg., 32S Montgomery et..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
'.'west rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S40
•^Market f-t. j tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
I.:t"XICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1C03.
OX real estate, 1st cr 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal: anv amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 3G Gtary rt.". room 30.
$10 TO $1(10 leaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS en furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; poodg in warehouse;
ror.fider.tial. ORMSBY. 20 Montgomery St.
A PRIVATE party loans ar.y amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal: low rates; conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD * Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, riancs; no removal ; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room C8.
ELFVJXti. inti Examiner IHs; loans on pianos,
furii.ture. etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
r.o com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black S2CX
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. r.01 Jones.
PRIVATE rarty loans S10 up on piams. furn.,
without removal; conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
OX furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
EtricUy private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3^- OX furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Block 1700: room SI. C KAdy. floor 4.
Mc-nev loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants" Exc, 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
SHiGO: any security. :>C2 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
y CASH loaned salaried people on note without
W, indorser. MORRELL. COS> Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: th> indorsei; Eastern
p'.an. Western Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bidg.
MOXEY WANTED.
WAXTKD — $11 fO: no more, no less, on choice
vacant San Mateo County lands; interest 12
p?r cent. S. H.. box 52~. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL ir.akes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock. Special bargains:
3 Steinway $95 to $2S0
2 Kr.abe ..*85 to «10
:t Weber ?65 to 5150
5 Halltt & Davis $80 to *165
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne $*C
a Hayncs V $i3-">
] Kittle $2S.'i
Over 5000 Heine pianos In B. F. Agents for
famous c!d Gabier and 20 others. Rents and
ii<.2>Uilinienu> $2 up.
HEIXE PIAXO CO..
' "Heine Hall, 235 r 237 Geary et.
DURING the next ten days we want to dispose
of a. rumber cf rianos that have been taken
In exchange, and the price has been marked
down en each to a point where profit is out
cf the question; bring all the money you can
spare to nay down ar;d we will see that you
fret a bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Co.,
7tSt Market st.
ALTHOUGH many eeemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianoe. please bear in mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN', CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Eutter sts.. S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS! "
fr^cond-hand upright pianos from $30 up.
Second hand square pianos from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new up-
right rianos frcm £175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
6 SON. 16 to 20^O'Farrell st. ; Chickering.
Mason & Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
AXY piano so'.d by us taken back any time
y within 2 years and full purchase price al-
f lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
¦ price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
\ 1-iano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OFarreil st. ; established 1850.
OCR riianos, the leading makers ; prices $100
upward; values best in city. PIERCE'S
PIAXO FACTORY. Market, 14th & Church.
JJO'i— UPRIGHT piano; cost $400; for sale on
$5 installments. 1300 Gough et.. near Geary.
leaving for London compels quick sacrifice of
beautiful large o-r.-edal upright piano. 330 Turk.
$150— ELEGAXT large size~~Fischer upright.
JOS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
TOU may want a piano for rent. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIAXO CO.. SCO Hayes et.
THE 1VILEY B. ALLEX CO.. 031 Market st. —
Steck. Everett, Ludwig- and other good pianos.
BE—OZXFTX upright Fischer piano; must be
s^-id at once. Room 2. 2.T7 Geary Et.
A FINE Steinway upright, left en sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 205-237 Geary st.
6XAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights
Cropped from catalo£ue.$250. Bruenn,208Post.
BYROX MAUZY. 30.S-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
an-1 other pianos and pipe organs.
BUPKRIOa violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MINES AXO MIXING.
SMALL gold mine, with mill; will pay from
the start: only small capital required: easy
J<-— is. Tilt: DTVESTOHS" AGENCY, 1S7
Montgomery St., S. F.
OFFICES A\U STORES TO LET.
ETOP.E. r,0x30, fronting on Natoma st.. bet.
Fremont and First, with good dry elevator
baffKpr.t 4(>x00. Inquire 143 First st.
ANO DECORATORS.
TRUSTING water house for papering and tint-
i:ig. HARTMAK PAINT CO.. 31'J Third st.;
phone Iltd 3521.
PALMISTRY. — —
MSlKTaT^r^^EItGA~Amir7elidTirto^4! 700
Post Bt.. corner of Jones; phene Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor gt.. bet. Geary ang Post :tel. Black Ml.
PERSONALS. ~~^ ~
VIA VI bas been manufactured for over fifteen
years; It cured hundreds ol ailing women iu
Its first rear and has cured thousands of aul-
Jerert rvery year dace; booklet lor mothers
tnd daugmers mallei free. The V'iavi Co.
•£Mt-G-X Vau Ness ave.; phone Hast 282. San
Francisco.
AN eleeant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these eults we make an extra pair
of pants Irs* cf charge; ether sUits on install-
ments, SI weekly. L. L1CMOS, 1117 Market
et., between Seventh and Klghth.
BPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
U week: laaies 1 tailor made suits, skirt*,
thlrtwaiits. t.rirurr.ed UaU; cents' ar.d boys'
suits, overcoats, htts; call, open account at
our r.w .-tore. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 31S Mason.
MRS. E. R. DUNLAP. "34~ICearn/ St.— R»-
or.er.ed; iiair and scalp parlors; hair dressing
::!ar.iour:nfe-. facial tauaace; skilled chiropo- j
oy; eavanctd loot treanr-ent taught. ;
ELECTRIC light in every room- -Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third Kt_WK Market; 700 room*. !
.15= to >.l 1,0 per nisrht; $1 50 to $C per week;
fi-ee 'bug and bagg-nee to and froro th«» ferry, j
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAX. 43
Jj-lis, rnak«?s colored ?'hirts to order; $1 eacn-
6ame as white shirts: selection 30u pattern*.'
©r.T'XKEXXnSS. morphine end all* drug dle-
taecs positively cured by The Willow Bark I
- Co., 3S.TJ Pcik rt., S. F.; consultation free, j
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop j- i
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. n«ar Pine.
ACTIN'A restore* the eyes and cars to health, i
"Sold by A'VIDA CO.. 7C3 Valencia, cor. l»lh.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., -
C3S MARKET ST.
auction!
TUESDAY .' . . June 3,- 1902
At our salesroom, 038 Market St..
At 12 o'clock noon. ¦
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
Southwest corher of 17th and Church sts. —
Two stores, with 2 and 4 rooms, renting for
?4S0 per annum ; "mortgage $5000 can remain at
0 per cent; lot 05:0x100 feet. •
ALSO.
South side (Nos 3711-3713-3715-3717) Seven-
teenth st., 55 :U feet west of Church st.— Four
modern flats of 5, 5, 6, 6 rooms and bath each,
renting for ?S28 per annum; mortgage of $3500
can remain at 0 per cent; lot 44:0x100 feet.
CALIFORNIA ST IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North line (Nos. 144S-1450) California st.. 35
feet east of Larkin — Two two-story houses of
C rooms, bath and basement and store; present
income $"U2 per annum; lot 40x70 feet.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
Northeast side (Nos. 219 to 225) Langton St.,
£-5 feet southeast of Harrison — Four front
houses of 4 rooms each and three rear house*
of 4, 3, 3 rooms in good condition and renting
lor ?GS1 per annum; lot 50xS0 feet.,
MISSION WARM BELT INVESTMENT.
North side (Nos. 3422-3424) 19th st., 105 feet
west of Mission — Tv.-o nice well built houses of
C rooms and bath, with separate basements:
present income $42 per month.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
South side (No. 925) Haight St., 125 feet west
of Devitadero — An imposing well-built resi-
dence, 7 rooms bath and basement; cement
walk; lot 25x137:0 feet.
TWENTY-SIXTH ST. HOME SITE.
South side of 26th st., 21U:3V{> feet west of
Castro — A fine lot, only a short "distance from
Castro st. cars; sewered and macadamized; iot
3S:2J,ixll4 feet.
BROADWAY PROPERTY.
North -line (No. 10S0) Broadway, ¦ 44 feet
east of Jones — A two-story house of 9 rooms
and bath, renting for $.'100 per annum'; mag-
nificent view; lot 23:0x77:0 fest. .
WESTERN ADDITION IMPROVED PROP-
ERTY.
West line (No. 1415) Lyon St., S7:C feet south
of Sutter — A two-story house, 8 rooms and
bath: desirably located; lot 25x119:6 feet.
UNION ST. LOTS.
South line of Union st.. 137:0 feet east of
Baker — Four fine large building lots. 27:0x137:0
feet each.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Plx fine buildlnsr lots on the north Hit of
27tli st.. 160 feet east of Noe— Two of 25x111
feet, three of 2(i:Sxll4 feet and one of 30x11 1
feet; also nine large lots on the south line of
Army st.. 236 feet east of Noe. 26:Sxll4 feet
each.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
_____ CSS Market st.
$43!>0 — AT a sacrifice to prevent foreclosure:
lot and 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms! near corner-
Twenty-first and treat ave. ; this property
must be gold. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 21
Montgomery Ft., room 3.
5-150C — TO prevent foreclosure, at a sacrifice:
lot 25x90; improvements two-story house of
S rooms on Fillmore st.. near corner of
Haight. Apply R. McCOLGAN. 24 Mont-
g<.rr.rry st.. room 3.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCttAXGE.
LOT in Berkeley; mortgaged for $250; price
#H00; will trao> for business of most any
kind. PHILBP.ICK. 44i>iA Guerrero st. »
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AT.AMRDA KTC AT. KSTATR. .
FORECLOSURE and Estate Properties for Sa!e. ,
! See the Alameda Land Company
I $4500 — The cheapest piece of property Vvpr % of-
• fered in Alameda: fine home; S rooms
; - and bath: lot (J2xl50: between Chestnut
i • and Morton-st. stations; a snap :.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park st.. Alameda.
$10,"0— LOT 40x120; Santa Clara ave., or will
build to suit. $2000— New cottage 5 rooms;
$500 cash. J. H. YOUNG. 1243 Park St., Ala-
meda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
nERKELEY REAL ESTATE!
$2000 — LOT on Nob Hill in the Scenic Park;
cajl and see our furnished houses for the
summer months; half price. MAY & MOR-
TIMER, 2123 Center st.. Berkeley station.
$0000 — A FIRST-CLASS piece of property in
the Hillegass Tract; 11 rooms, etc.; large
lot; an ideal place.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience,, bath,
etc; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station. '
Mill Valley Advertisements.
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
HOUSE, 5 rooms and bath, unfurnished, up-
stairs, 3 rooms below; in fine condition; surj
all day; large lot; stable, fruit trees: fine
place for chickens; 5 minutes to depot; $17 Do
per month by the year, S. H. ROBERTS
Real Ectate, Mill Valley, Cal.
2 UNFURNISHED houses, one 5 rooms, one 3
rooms; glass porch; stable below; lot 100x200;
near the Cascades; suitable for hotel pur-
poses; sunny; to rent by the season or vear
or for sale. S. II. ROBERTS. Mill Valley.
Cal.
$1200 — HOUSE, 4 rooms; lot 50x150; fruit trees
flower garden; opposite Episcopal church; 5
minutes to depot; sun all day; bargain. R
H. ROBERTS, Real Estate, Mill Valley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$70 per foot for beautiful lot in Lakeside dis-
trict, near homes of Henry K'. Belden " and
Captain Mcin; one of the choicest lots in this
part of town. GEORGE B. SI. GRAY 454
Ninth Et.- ' ¦ . .
OAKLAXD FUUXISHED HOUSES.
FOP. RENT— Furnished, for 3 or 4 months onr-
of the most elegant homes in Oakland; on
very favorable terms to the right party W
E. BARNARD. 47C Tenth St., Oakland.
OAKLAXD FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month iT
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping-
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complet 0 "
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
gu.na ste. .
ELLIS, COS, cor. Larkin — Bay window alcove'
large closet; mantel; suitable for 2 or 3. '
FIFTH. 353— Two double rooms, kitchen 2
b>di?, bath, all $20; also 2. $15; one $8.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 512— Large sunny front
suite- for housekeeping; also other rooms.
GOUGH, 115 — Handsome ¦ sunny bay-window
parlor, exclusive kitchen and bath. $20.
JESSIE. 333 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas range; $12.
LARKIN. 700 — 2 or 3 furnished or unfurnished
rooms; light, sunny; coal and gas stoves
1 MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
MINNA. 2S1. corner Fourth— Well furnished
housekeeping rooms; also front room.
NOE. ' 3-17 — Three sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary— Large bay window
room, gas range, $10; front room, water, $7.
O'FARRELL. 1315— Beautiful sunny suite fur-
nlshed complete; gas and bath; private; nhon L »
Scott S58.
PINE, 1300, cor. Hyde — 2 corner connecting
furnished rooms; gas range; $17.
THREE sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; no children. Box 406. Call office. ' '
SUTTER, 313 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms. $12. , '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109B Va-
lencia st.
RO CM S T 'O LET~—Fnrw. ana Unfnrn.
ANGELUS '. . Open June 1
New fireproof brick building; 00 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view
530 Stockton Bt.. bet Bush nnd Pine,
ARGYL3 Hotel, 234 McAllister — New elegant
sunny; 75c. day upward; McAllister cars to
. door; handsomest grill room in California. •
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ••-•
SPECIAIi NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. B580.
SEWIKq.^MACHIMES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold,- rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex. ; repairing
lowest ratea; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
_jTOR AGjB^ AND JW AREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
¦ flee Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 041. F._W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. C30 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore it. ; phone Jackson 281.
JTY^E^VRITERS^ANJD SUPPLIES^
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for lesg money than any
house in the city; rentals ?:>. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rentpd, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.,20J Sansome.
TYPEWRITING & MIjMEOGRAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewriting, 1c folio; copies. 2c;mlm-
eographing. 027 Markt, rm.305; Howard 1539.
VITAOPA THY. ~
DO you suffer from rheumatiam or any kindred
ailments or trouble of any kind? Try "Vita- 1
: opathy." IVAN MCLAUGHLIN, 1104 Mar-
ket, rooms 11 & 12: free treatment Wednes.
BIRTHS-MARRIAQJ-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not bs Inserted. They must be handed
in at either' of the, publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
) born.;
FOWLER— In this cjty, May 29, 1902, to the
,. wife of Milton M. Fowler (nee Golden), a
daughter.
GIESSLER— In this city. May 25, 1002, to the
• wife of Fred Giessler, a son.
MARRIED.
CUDWORTH— KELLEY— In this city. May 31,
1002, 'by the Rev. W. K. Guthrie, Merrill
Powers Cudworth and Evelyn Lorraine Kel-
ley, both of San Francisco.
' . DIED.
Carroll, Patrick McGontele, Nellie J.
Connolly, Patrick F. Korean, Frank
Devincenzi, Domingo Noonan, Maggie J.
Fosarty, James T. Nunes, 'Florence A.
Fritsch, John O'Keefe, John G. -
. Goldman, Soloman O'Neill', Joseph
Kahn, Martha '. Pauoitz, Dorothea .
Koechlin. Ernest H. Reed, John L. F.
Kohnke, Christiana Rcs3nfeld, John
Lattis, Frank Sllva, Custodio
Lawrence, Hazel P. Stebbins, Mrs. W.
Lemkuhl, Harry Stinson, Ira W.
Lewis, Henry Truax, Willie
McCabe. Rose B. Wynn, James
CARROLL— In this city, May 30, 1002, Patrick
Carroll, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, ased 77 years.
EyThe funeral will take place Monday,
June 2. at 8:45 o'clock, from the. parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a
solemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the reocHe of his kouI at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CONNOLLY— In Oakland, May 31, 1902, Pat-
rick F.. beloved husband of Mary Connolly,
father of May E., Esther F.. William J.
and Catherine Connolly, eon of Mrs. Wil-
liam Connolly, and brother .of Mrs. J. H. Col.
11ns of. Stockton, a native of Ireland, . aged
32 years 2 months and 24 days.
ICTFriends and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 770 Willow street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St.'
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
DEVINCENZI— In Emeryville, June 1. 1902,
Domingo, beloved husband of Celestine De-
vincenzi, and father of Rosie, -Louis,- Vir-
ginia, Frederick. Louisa, Victor and Lena
Devincenzi, a native of Italy, aged 48 yean
5 months and 20 days.
FOGARTY — In this city, June 1, 1902, James
T., beloved husband of : Nora Mary Fogarty,
• a native of Ireland, aged 6S years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-;
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at & o'clock, at Sacred
Heart Church, corner Flllmore and Fell
streets. Interment private. Please *omit
flowers. . . ¦- . • . ¦ •
FRITSCH— In Petaluma. June 1. 1902. John
Fritsch, beloved husband of Emma A.
Fritsch, : and father of J. R. and W; S.
Fritsch, Mrs. A. F. Perry and Mrs. Ed D.
Hedges, aged 73 years 2 months and 4 days.
C7"Funeral Tuesday, June 3, at' 1:30
o'clock. Please omit llowers.
GOLDMAN— In this city, May 31, 1902, Solo-
man "Goldman, dearly ' beloved husband of
Lena Goldman, and father of Mrs. Augusta
Rosenthal of Hawthorne, Nev.. Mrs. Bertha
Rosenthal and Louis Goldman of Merced, a
native of Llpner, Poland, aged 8(> years,
- (Hawthorne, Nev., and Merced pa;>er3 please
ccpy.)
R7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, June '-. at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1023 Buchanan street. Interment
Salem Cemetery, by carriage.
THE officers and members of the Congrega-
-tion Beth Israel are requested to attend the
funeral of our late member, Soloman Gold-
man, to-day (Monday), June 2, at 10 o'clock,
; from 1(J23 Buchanan street.
SIMON MYRSON, President.
MARCUS LEVY, Secretary.
KAHN — In this city. May 31, 1902, Martha,
dearly beloved and only daughter of Joseph
and the late Alma Kahn, and sister of Clif-
ford Kahn,. a native of San Francisco, aged
10 years 2 months and ¦ 3 days. (Chicago
papers please copy.)
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day'
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I, O.
O. F. Cemetery.
KOECHLIN— In Haywards, May 31, 1002, Er-
nest H., beloved husband of Emilie Koechlin,
father of Adolch E. Koechlin, and only son
of Mrs. E. M. Koechlin, a native of Alsace.
Germany, aged 29 years 4 months and 28
days.
ET'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors- of
H.-F. Suhr & Co^ 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Cy-
' pres3 Lawn Cemetery.
KOHNKE — In this city, June 1 1. 1902, Chris-
tiana B., wife of" the late John O. Kohnke,
and beloved mother of Joseph F., John H.
and W. Irving Kohnke and Mrs. P. J. Mil-
let, and sister of Mrs. E. Schmidt and
Charles Louis Koch.
CXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend . the funeral services
Tuesday, .June ,3, 1002, at 1 o'clock, at the
mortuary Chanel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by electric funeral car from corner of
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
A member of Oriental Rebekah Lodge and
Franklin Circle No. 115, C. O. F. • '
LATTIG— In this city. May 31, 1902, Frank,
beloved son of Frank J. and Bella Lattlg, a
native of San Francisco, ' aged 7 years 4
months and 29 days. , .. „. ¦
(E7"The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 5G814 Bryant street. Interment
Holy Cross ¦ Cemetery, private.
LAWRENCE— In this city, June 1, 1902, Hazel
Pearl Lawrence, youngest and dearly beloved
daughter of August and Elizabeth Honkel.
and sister of Blossom Lawrence, .a native of
Chicago, aged 7 years 0 months and 24 days.
LEMKUHIJ — In the City and County Hospital,
Z June ' 1. 1902, Harry Lemkuhl, a native of
Germany, aged 39 years.
LEWIS—In this city, June 1, 1902, Henry
Lewis, husband of Dolores Lewis, and
brother of Manuel. Torty and Frank Lewis
Mrs. Nettie Artillan and Mrs. Aggie Ja-
cobus, a native, of Santa Clara, Cal., aged
- 42 years. . ; -
McCABE— In this city, May 31, .1902, Rose
Belle McCabe, beloved an.l only /Child qf Pat-
rick J. and Elizabeth McCabe, a native of
San Francisco, aged 4 years and 2 months.
McGONIGLE— In this city. May 31, 1902 Nel-
lie J-, dearly beloved daughter of the late
. Dennis and Jennie McGonigle, and- devoted
4 and idolized sister of Thomas P., Jennie and
John McGonlgle • and the late Mrs. Annie
Reigelruth, a • native of San Francisco.
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1114- Alabama street,- thence to St.
H EN R Y J. CALL ACH ER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTOR8 AND EMBALMERS.
20: Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. ' .
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 307. . <
NEW FIRW1 OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
-the United -Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty, 'With the same company for 10
"years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con*"
'nor & Co..' have opened new Funeral Par-
I lora I at 1171 Mission St., between _ Seventh
and ' Eighth. Telephone South 44. . - .
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE!
GROVE-ST. STABLES. 122-138 GROVE ST.
THURSDAY. JUNE 5, at 11 a. m.
BARGAINS OF ALL KINDS.
20 head of. working and driving horses; also
a big lot of new and second-hand buggies and
wagons of all kinds, 2 hacks, 2 coupes and a
very fast pacing mare, harness and buggy, with
a record of 2:21 Yy, one black trotting horse,
harness and buggy, mark 2:17; one bay pacing
horse, pace along in 2:30.
SAM WATKINS. Auctioneer.
£aJ OCCIDENTAL __,
HORSE EXCHANGE, --*
246 THIRD STREET. .
On MONDAY, June 2, I will sell a large con-
signment of new and second-hand Carriages,
Coupes, two and three seaters, Camp Wagons,
Buggies. Carts. Phaetons, etc. Also a few fine
Horses, includirg Shetland Ponies.
• ' WM. G. LAYNG. Auctioneer.
TUESDAY. June 3. 47 horaos of all classes;
also camp, express, peddling wagons, tuggies.
surreys, carts: 50 sets of smgle and double
harness, at 1140 Folsom st.. 11 a. m. .
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
One car load SOUND, GENTLE HORSES;
also good second-hand rigs; 1 camper's wagon.
721 HOWARD ST.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and ar« dn« to arrive at
?>AN FKANCISCO.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street )
lkatb — ¦ From Jcxk 1, 1905. — abbitb
7.00a. Benlcia, Sulsun, Elnilra and. Sacra- .
mento B55r ¦
7.00a Vacaville, Winters, Kum3ey 7.65j«
7.30a Martinez, Saa IUmon, Vnllejo,
Napa. Callstoga, Santa Rosa 6 25 p
8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, OroTlile 7.55^
8.00a Atlantic Expreu*-*- Ogden and Eait. 8.25a .
8.00a Nlles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25r
8.00a XHea, Mendota, Hanford, Visalia,
I Porterrlllo 4.55*
8.39a Shasta Express— Davis. Williams
. (for Bartlett Springs), "Willows,
Ked Bluff, Portland 7-55*
8.30a San Jose. Llvermore, Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. Plarerrllle,
MarysvlUe. CUico, Red Bluff 4. 25?
8.30a Oakdale.Chineae.Sonora.Tuolumne 425p
8.00a Vallejo 12.257
9.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
' Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Raymond, Fresno and Los Angeles 8.25a
9 30 a Vallejo, Martinet and Way Stations 755p
10.00a Harward, Nlles and Way StaUons.tl2.55P
1000a. The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denrer, Omaha, Chicago 6. 25?
t1 -00p Sacramento River Steamers t1 1 .OOr
3.CQI" Benicla. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knighta Landing, Marjsville,
Oroville 10.55 a
3.30> Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 755?
4.00r Martlnez,San r.araon.Valle'o.Xapa,
Calistoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a
4-OOp- Nlles, Ltvermore, Stockton. Lodi.. 1225p
4.30p Hayward,XHes,SanJos<sLlvermore t8.55*
4.30P The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
BakersSeld, Sangos for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles... ..... 8.65a
6.00P Port Cos ta.Tracy.Lathrop, Stockton 1025a
5. OOp Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
eed, Raymond, Fresno 12.25p
t5.30r Nlles Local.... .-. 725a
6.00? Hay ward, Nlles and Saa Jose....... 7.55a
t8.00r Vallejo 11.25a
B.OOp Oriental • Mall— Osden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4.25*
700? San Pablo. Port Costs, Martlaci
and Way Stations.... 11.2oa
J7.00p Vallejo 7.55F
8-05? Oregon & California Express— Sac- _ -
ramento, Marysville. Redding.
Portland. Pnzet Sound and East. 8.55a
tS.IQp Hayward and X lies *11-65a •
COAST LI N E (a»rrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
?7.45a Santa Cruz Excursion tS.OSr
8.16a Newark, Centerville. Son Jose,
Feltou. Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 507
12-15* Newark, Centervllle. San Jose,
New Alinadcn. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10 50a
4.1 5p Newark, San Jo«r, Los Oatos +8. 50a -
64.15P San Jose. Lo» Gatos, Santa Crux... <8S0a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. <Sllp 8)
—fTUS 9:00 11:00 A.M. 1.00 3 00 5.15 V-M-
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +6:60. J8:00
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 200 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Uroad Oaagej.
. (Third ana Townsoml Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and W»y Stations 6- 38 a
+7.00a San Jose and Way Stations +8.00*
/7.10a NewAlmaden , JAAQr
$7.1 5 a Monterey Excursion *8-30p
8.00a Coast Linn Limited — San Jose,
' Gilroy. Salinas, San Luis Obtspo,
t Santa- Barbara, Los Angele* and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 1045p
9.00a San Jose, Trcs Pinoa. Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas, San Lnla
ObUpo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Station* 4.10P
10.30a San Jose and Way Stations 8.36a
11.30a San Jose.LosGatosandWay Stations +900*
a1.3OP San Jose and Way Stations a7.00?
2.30P Saa Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres "
¦ - - Pinos, Santa Cruz; Sallna*. Del
Monte, Monterey and Paciac
Grove 10.45a
+3.30P San Jose and Way Stations 7-30p
14-00? D»l Monte Express— Only stops San
Jose t12.01*
4.50p San Jose and PrlnclpalWayStatlona 1.30r
+5. OOP San'Joae. Loa Gatos and Principal
Way Stations . 5-307
: 5.30P San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6-30P
+6.15p San Mateo. Belmont. Redwood.
I. Menlo Park. Palo Alto +6.4Ba
6.30? San Jose and Way Station* 7.30?
7. 00p New Orleans Express — San Lais
Obtapo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
„ freles, Demtns:, El Paso, Kew
Orleans and East 1015a
1 all .45p San Jose and Way Stations . . . . _•
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• t Sunday execpted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
* Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
j Lim'dl I ~
Local Mon & Ovrl'd Local
Daily Thura Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 9:00 a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:30 p
Ar. Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 11:15 p 7:18 9
" Merced... 2:35 p 1:17 p l:S0a
"Fresno... 4:10p 2:35p 3:15a
" Hanford.. 5:58 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia... 6:38 p ...... 5:0Oa ......
" Bakersfld 8:10p 5:20 p 7:35a
"Kan. City 2:31a 8:02a ,...\.
" Chicago.-! 2:15p[8:47p| ..
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
! carrying Palace Sleeping: Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday
and Friday. • • •
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond*
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace. Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. - • . ¦
9:00 a. m. is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry -
Depot, San Francisco; i 1112 . Broadway,
Oakland.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sansallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27, 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN' RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 8:45. *7:45, 8:46, 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. *1:45. 3:15, 4:15. 5:15, »tt:lS.
tt:45, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
. SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00. ll:00r.
11:30 a. m., 12:30, *l:30, 2:30. *U:45, 5:00. «:OO,
7:30, t>:45, 11:45 p. in.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin. ~— '.'¦
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAVS-^3:20. •6:20. 7:40. 8:15. »S>:30.
11:00 a. m., 12:23. 2:15, »3:30, 4:40 f 6:30, «J:45.
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00. »8:C0. 9:30. »U:C0 a. m..
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15, •3:S0, 4:15. *S:43, «:45.
7:30, 10:15 d. m. .
" Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. <S:4O. 7:45, 8:25. 1>:*S.
.11:10 a. m.. 12:35. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20, 7:ll£
io '15 i>. m. - - ;
SUNDAYS- 0:30. 7:53. 10:05. 11:10 a. m..
12:15, 1:20. 2:30. 3:45, 5:00. 6:05. 7:13. 10;4U
P " m ' THROUOH TRAINS.
7:45 »• m. week daya — Cazadero and . way
stations. '
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way.
stations. • - ¦ "
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays exceptedj—
Tomales and way stations.
• 8:0o a. m., Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. ;•_•' JLi.-l-"—
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will rua *•
Sunday time. - . ••-
Peter's Church, ¦ where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ;
MORGAN— In this city, June 1, 1902, Frank,
beloved son of the late Patrick and Margaret
: . Morgan, and brother of Mrs. Annie Hale, a
native of San Francisco, ased 32 years.
ICRemalns at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.; 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
NOONAN — In this city, June 1. 1802, Maggie
Jane, beloved wife of J. H. Nofman, a native
of San Francisco.
ET'Bemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street. Notice of
funeral hereafter.
NUNES— In this city. May 31, 1902, Florence
A. Nunes, dearly beloved child of Manuel
and Louisa Nunes, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 2 months and 20 days.
O'KEEFE— In this city. June 1. 1002. John G.,
dearly beloved son of Margaret and the late
John O'Keefe, and lovlns brother of Michael
J. and Margaret E. O'Keefe. a native of San
! Francisco, aeed 2« years and 11 months.
|E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 929 McAllister street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.-,
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'NEILL— In this city, May 31, 1902, Joseph,
beloved husband of the late Bridget O'Neill,
and father of Joseph, Florence and Clara,
O'Neill, Mrs. Frank McQuaid and Mrs. Wil-
lianl Denison, a native of County Leltriro,
Ireland, aged 71 years. ¦ .
fT~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 113 Fourteenth street, thence to St.
, Charles Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
.of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAUPITZ— In Alameda. May 29. 1902, Dora-
thea PauDitz, a native of Switzerland, aged
75 years. »
REED— In thi3 city, June 1. 1902, John L. F...
dearly beloved husband of Regina Reed, de-
voted father of Gertrude and George Reed,
son of the late Owen and Ann Reed, and
. brother of Henry, Nicolas and James Reed,
a native of San Francisco, aged 36 years.
ROSENFELD— In New York, May 28. 1902,
John Rosenfeld, a native of Bavaria, Ger-
many, ased 70 years 3 months and 6 days.
. (t~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
June 3. at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors cf
• the Lick. House, corner of Montgomery and
Sutter streets. Interment Home of Peace-
Cemetery, by special train from Third and
Townsend streets at 10:43 o'clock.
SILVA— In San Bruno. Cal., June 1, 1902,
Custodio, dearly beloved husband- of Emelia
Diaz de Silva, and beloved father of Trini-
dad, Amelia. Mathilda, Manuel, Mercedes
and P.obert Sijva, a native of Chile, aged
CO years and 10 months.
GTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
STEBBINS— In this city, June 1, 1902, Mrs.
W. A. Stebbina. a native of San Francisco,
aged 30 years 11 months and 3 days.
CFuneral Drivate. Pleasa omit flowers.
STINSON— In this city, June 1", 1902, Ira W.
Stinson, beloved husband of Frances E. Stin- 1
son, father of A. Stinson, and stepfather of
E. S. Park. a. native of Maine, aged 67. years
and 8 months. \
TRUAX— In this city, May 31, 1902. Willie.
) beloved son of Alice and the late Stephen
Truax, and brother of Howard, Lizzie and
Stephen Truax, a native of San Francisco,
aged 13 years 3 months and 25 days.
E~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral, par-
lors of Bunker & Lunt, 2G6C Mission street,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
thence to St. John's Church for services,
commencing at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WYNN — In this city, May 30, 1902, James
Wynn, beloved son of Elizabeth and the late-
William Wynn. and brother of William J.
and John E. Wynn, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 35 years 4 months and 12 days.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his .late
residence, 412 Larkin street, thence to St.
Ignatius Church, Van Ness avenue and
. Hayes street, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. - ;
* — s.
TWENTIETH CENTORY COOK BOOKS
A ear-load of Coolc Books
him lust arrived from Chlcacro
and they are ready for distri-
bution at the business office
of this paper. All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a cony
of this great Coolc Boole at
the premium price of Ilfty
cents.
An additional eharsre of 20 '
cents to pay expressase will
be required from out of town
subscribers ordering by mail.
¦I- — -fr
* RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. CD
LESSEES
"SA)I. f RANGISGO AN3 . NdftTll . PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of _;iy_et St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, ti:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 v. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35, 7:30. 0:20, 11:13
a. in.; 12:60, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p.m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:03 and ti:3o p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
4:o5.5:05, 0:25 p. ro. ¦ .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Franclaco] May 4. 1902. I San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Destlna- J Sun- I Week
Days. I daya. | tlon. I days. | Days.
7:30 a S:00a lenacto 9:10 a 8:40 a
3:30 p 0:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
t 7:35 p v
7:30 a S:00a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 a
3:30p 0:30a and .. 6:05pl0:20a
8:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rota 7;35 P tt:2 ° P
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 a
5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
• • Lytton
Geyservtllo
3 :30 p 8 :00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 al 8.00 al Hopland' 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 pj 5:00 p| Uklah | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevlUe I 7:35 pi 10 :20 a
3:30pr5:00p[ - ¦ • • ¦ |1O:4O a| C:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma ' I 0:10 al 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p|. Glen Ellen J 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 pj | 7:35 p| 0:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
(Jeyservllle for' Skagss Springs; at- Cloverdale
for the Geysers and Boon- vi lie; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle.
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's.
Buckncll's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orr'a
Hot Springs, Half-way House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins; Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Weptport, U&al; at Willits for Sherwood, Cahto,
Covelo, Laytonville, Cummlngs, Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer, Pepperwood, Scotia ana
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. '
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ -
Ticket office, C50 Market st, Chronicle bulld-
"h. c. whiting. ir. x. hya'n.
' - Gen. Manager. 'Gen. Pass. Asrt.
flOUNT TAM ALPAIS RAI LW AY
Leave '¦ Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive ~~
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- „,,*,******,.**. Sun- Week
___ da y g - ,,*.*_ ..t.-. .f I-* dav8 -. __!:
9:30a. 8:00 a. „,»,„, i*~ „,_ 12:15 p. 9.15a.
|g iSa: gggjglssBS a 5 ?: ffill
¦ 11-<SOA * Wt ™ I *J > «•'»• A-V\v
::::::::: liso £ -utcbi of thumb- . 5:50 £ :;:;;i;
2:30 P. - Op«»iitt«yM»'tww*. 8:15 p ;„..
SITUR01TS BUT— Lot. ft— « «:» r. .nir, B*« rr_t«» IMS i>:
Tl«Vt( OSwi. «n XAKSJBT STREET ui BAVSALITO RUT. -The office of; the San Francisco News
Letter and the Overland Monthly have
been moved to the Halleck Building, 320
Sansome street. ¦¦---¦*
Confirmation services .were held in St.
Agnes'- Church yesterday, and over 100
children were confirmed. It is purposed
to move the church from its present loca
tion on Masonic avenue, so that it will
face on Page street, and on the premises
now occupied by the church will be erect
ed ; a school which , will be conducted by
some order of nuns not yet selected.
Will Mov.e St. Agnes' Church.
All was astir yesterday at the ocean
beach and Golden Gate Park, for the sun
was warm and -the. wind was somewhat
tempered, or just sufficiently so to coax a
bip crowd out of doors. Among 'the mucti
visited places of interest were Sutro Park
and Sutro Baths. •„ The Chutes also drew
a great and merry patronage. There were
many picnte parties held- in the park and
also spirited ball games.
Many People at the Park.
The Schuetzen 2 Verein held a social
dance' and prize distribution last night at
Turn Verein Hall, 323 Turk street. Prizes
were awarded to those who made favor
able scores in the forty-third annual May
festival, held this year on Monday, May
10 and Sunday May 25. The prizes given
out were as follows: One hundred and
five prizes for company shoot, twenty for
the most points, twenty for the best cen
ters, eight for premium shoot, four for
bullseyes, one for a , silver wreath and
eleven for. the eagle.
Schuetzen Verein Gives Frizes.
The quickest and .roost i convenient way In
an<r.out of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a; m. on tbe California limited you
are in Yosemite to-morrow. at 6 p. m. as# '
Call at Santa Fe ; ticket office, 641 Market
street, tor illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. . -,« •
Yosemite Via the Santa Te.
No business will be transacted between
Monday and Thursday at C. Silva's ranch
at San Bruno on account of his death. •
. William Walsh, a dissipated , char
acter, 'was .arrested yesterday 'after
noon by ; Detectives Dillon and Crock
ett and locked up In "the tanks."
He will . be charged with mayhem.
Saturday afternoon he and William von
Stuark, a ccok, living at the Winter
: House. Sacramento street, quarreled in
Frank's saloon, 533 Washington street,
and he threw a glass at Von . Stuark,
which struck him in the .right eye,
destroying the sight. Von Stuark was ta
ken to the City and County Ho6pital yes
terday for treatment. . .
His Eye Knocked Out.
A number ofi posters were sold at the
recent show for $5075^ which amount will
be I turned over to Mrs. W. B. Hooper, as
the representative of the lady patronesses.
1». A. Klein, who acted as manager and
secretary of the recent dogr show, has
given out a comparative statement of the
cost of. running this year's show and the
one held in 1901. The expenses of the lat
ter were $4428 15 and of this year's exhibi
tion $3883 44. The loss on last year's show
was $955 40, as against $31104 this yea/.
Had not the strike of the .carmen oc
curred during the week of the show it
would undoubtedly have returned a hanJ
some balance for charity. -; . ¦ ; .:
Dog Show Finances.
SAXTA CLARA. June L-H. A. Krona,
f. *i« u -l™own sporting man of this place,
died to-day of pneumonia.
Death of H. A- Krona.
' Ride, 200 yards— F. O. Young. 67; A. H.
Cady, t9: W. G. Hoffman, 60, 67; Dr. Twist, 90..
Military rifle, Creedmoor count, 200 yards — F.
O. Young, 50-shot score, 47, 40, 46, 50, 45 — 234;
45, 47. 47.
Pistol, 60 yards— A. J. Brannagan, 4, 2, 2,
4 3, 3, 6, 1, 7, 3—34, 41; G. M. Barley, 36,
37, 45, 53; F. O. Young, 36 44. 45; Ed Hovey,
38 51, 55; R. Schneider, 67, 70, 72, 75.
Revolver — F. O. Young, 47, 55, 57. 58, B9;
Ii. C. Hlnckle, 50. 53, 54, 56, 57, 57. 63, 64.
' 22 " and 25' rifle 50 yards— -Captain Fred
Kuhnle. 18, 20, 21, 21. 22, 24, 25, 25. 25; C.
M. Daiss, 18, 20, 21, 22. 23, 23, 24. 24; -Dr.
Twist, 21. 22. 30, 31; W..G. Hoffmann. 25; E.
A. Allen, 33. 33, 34, 38, 38; L. Hinckle, 41, 69.
The regular shoot of the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle- Club at Harbor View
yesterday attracted a large attendance.
The scores follow:
Columbia Club Marksmen.
- The man who gets to "the club"' ,. so
often does not know whether to shake
hands with himself or feel hurt. Since
hercan ride to his home in the suburbs
now at any hour of the morning, he is
enabled to save the dollar paid for a
room, when he heretofore "accidentally"
missed his last car, but the inconvenient
part of it is that he has to drop that old
excuse that he missed, the last car. Those
living in the Potrero and Presidio dis
tricts can still run the old bluff , however,
as the night service does not as yet in
clude the lines covering those portions of
the city. Satisfaction is heard, particu
larly from the workingman, who labors
till early morning and is saved the incon
venience of walking several miles to get
to bed. "Owl" cars are now run on the
Mission and Kearny, the Eddy and the
Ellis and -O'Farrell streef lines. After 1
a. m. cars leave each end'; of the line
every' half hour.
"VTfth the advent of the "owl" service
upon the electric lines of this city there
is a general rejoicing among all classes. ,
New Time "Schedule
Gives Satisfaction to
the People.
Following the , sixteen white forms of
the children . came seventy-eight laymen
with lighted candles In hand, followed
closely by twenty acolytes, also bearing
candles. Then slowly marched thirteen
priests in vested chasuble, and incense
bearers followed, immediately preceding
Father Frieden, who under a beautiful
and elaborate canopy reverently bore the
blessed sacrament. In the rear of the sa
cred procession c^ime about fifty of tho
officers of the Ladles' Sodality, each rev
erently carrying a lighted candle.
The procession was ended, the benedic
tion, was delivered by the celebrant and
the. vast congregation slowly dispersed,
many picking up as sacred- souvenirs the
roses that had covered the passage of the
processionists.- , . • "
Immediately after vespers-, the proces
sion was formed. and the blessed sacra
ment was carried triumphantly, along the
aisles and around the church to tho
grand strains of the "Pange Lingua" by
the immense combined choir of the church
and the i Ladles' SodalUy. Heading the
procession were a nurrroer 4 of little girls
dressed in ¦white,- arid- from dainty baskets
they showered the path of the procession
ists with. roses. Then, as the light-blazed
altar was left by the clergy, the. great
organ and the voices-swelled forth thrill
ing music. .
At St. Ignatius Church yesterday morn-
Ing the solemnity of Corpus Chrlstl was
celebrated with high mass, at which th«
Rev. Father Allen was celebrant, the Rev.
Joseph -Hickey deacon and Patrick Ryan
sub-deacon.' The sermon was preached by
the Rev. Father John Sardi. St. Ignatius
was largely attended. There was not a
vacant seat in the great edifice through
out the ceremony.- •
The evening service was most imposing
and consisted of vespers with solemn
"Magnificat" by -the choir. The Very Rev.
John P. Frieden was ; celebrant, the Rev.
Father George Butler was deacon and
Henry R. Fleurens, S...J., was sub-deacon.
"I do not ask my people who come to
hear me preach to vote for this man or
that, but I do demand that they- should
have lofty ideas and righteous thoughts."
Dr. Harper spoke of the- danger of for
eign immigration, but said if they could
be touched with the same principles that
were In our forefathers' hearts they, too,
could be made good patriots, concluding
with the statement: "The church has a
wonderful duty to perform— It is the
Christianizing of such a people, for right
eousness exalteth a nation.".
"President Roosevelt at Arlington last
Friday said, 'There is no such thing as
liberty and freedom where there is not
strength and wisdom.' ¦ K'^^
The speaker quoted the skeptic, Hume,
who said, 'A people without religion were
a little better than brutes." .
Macaulay once said that "Whoever does
anything to depreciate Christianity is
guilty of high treason against humanity."
Dr. Harper said: "I will go farther than
that. I will say that no man can be a
good patriot if he depreciates the Chris
tianity of Our Lord Jesus Christ.
"The man. who huzzas the loudest is not
necessarily the greatest patriot- The
truest patriot is the man who withstands
popular clamor, who withstands Senates
and opposes even the King. Men wno
have been burned at the stake as heretics
and executed as traitors .have often been
the truest patriots. The true patriot rises
above partisan strife, because he foresees
the destiny of the -people. The. highest
patriotism seeks to make its Government
the noblest; anything below that ceases to
be true patriotism.
"The religious beliefs of the people are
what Governments are built on, neither
the army nor the' navy. nor the President
make these great United States, but the
hearts and beliefs of the people go to
make the American Government. The
state is the reflex of the church. The al
tar shapes the throne."
Dr. Harper said he belonged to a de
nomination whose constitutions did not
believe that the church should dictate to
the laity, but that the church should aid
by giving the people loftier ideas. Con
tinuing, he said: ¦¦ --- • - r - . .
"Rousseau was right when he said,
'Never was a state founded that did not
have religion foT its basis,' and since the
time of tne Roman Empire under Rome
lus, down to Charlemagne, no Govern
ment functions had ever been executed
without some appeal to the deities.
"Plutarch knew, when he wrote 'there
never was a kingdom built of atheists.'
and L»ord Ersklne, the great jurist, knew
when he said, .'The world cannot be kept
together without morals.' and morality
cannot be maintained without religion."
The Rev." Dr. Harper preached a strong
sermon last night at the Centenary Meth
odist Episcopal Church, Bush street, be
tween Gough and Octavia. He spoke on
patriotism and the necessity of its having
religious surroundings. In part he said:
OWL SERVICE
INAUGURATED
CORPUS CHRISTI
CELEBRATION
Lemme and Mrs. E. H. Zelsing.
Alameda — Hamlet Circle No. 64, Mrs. A. C.
"Wright.
Angels Camp — Manzanlta Circle No. o28,
Mrs. Flora Smith. - .
Elmhurst — Elmhurst Circle No. 400. Charles
S. Alvord.
Verein Eintracht, schuetzen section, medal
Fhoot — Champion, F. A. Kuhls 393; first class,
C. Suchatedt 303; second class. C. F. Auer 29.J;
third class, "W. Ruhser .".41 ; first best shot,
\V. Uuhser; last best shot, L,. Schelb 25.
Second champion class— O. Brenner, 220-201;
C M. Henderson, 219-20"; A. Rahwyler, 210
201- T. J. Carroll, 208-188:- F." A. Kuhls, 207
196- C Meyer. 205-203; W. Ehrenpfort, 195-177;
P. Jacoby, 1S5-15B. First class — A. Gehret,
214-204- A. Utschig, 215-159. Second class —
M Blass» 214; W. Blasse, 212; G. Tammeyer,
211-198; 11. Gamble, 205-171; J. Kullman, 204
192; F. A. Schrumpf, 109-1S0; It. Reubold, 197
189- L. C Babln, 136-135; A. Jungblut. 185
184. Third class — G. Rlschmuller Jr., 2U0-152;
J C Waller. 201-190; M. Reubold, 186-167; L.
Thierbach, 185-184: J. Horstmann, 1S8-148; V.
Relde 105-156: C.Hagerup, 155-147; L. Simon,
143-66- G. Rlschmuller Sr., 201-172. Fourth
class — M. Hartter, 201-167; J. Gassner, 172-171;
H. Soehlmann, 172-1U9; E. Rink. 14C-141; H.
Schelmer, . 188-170; L>. Mayerhofer, 142-92;
C. M. Rousseau. 139; C. Zimmerman. 138-128;
H. .Hacke, 121-113; L.. Barber, 120; W. Barber,
60-23; Featherman. 115; Levers. 147. Cadets —
F. M. Carroll, 210-191: R. Mayerhofer, 161
149; F. Brenner, 163-163.
San Francisco Grutli Vereln shoot — Cham
pion, P. Hauser 425; first class, S. Studer 402;
second class, K. Suter 3S9; third class, O.
Imdorf 372.
Three clubs shot over the schuetzen
ranges yesterday at 'San Rafael. The
California Schuetzen Club scores were:
San Rafael Shooting.
The winners will compete at Sacra
mento against a picked team from the
Capital City Wheelmen-
The Bay City Wheelmen held a" five
mile tryout over the San Leandro course
yesterday.- Twelve of the club's riders
arc credited with breaking the American
record for the distance unpaced. Sim
mons rode the distance in 10 minutes 56
seconds. The time made by the various
riders follows: j
Pelleterrie.' 12:35:4-5: Phillips, 12:18; Flem
¦ming 11:45:4; Bridgford. 11:22:1: Ward, 11:21;
McLaughlin. 11:19:2; Gray. 11:20:4; Duvall,
11:20:3; Simmons. 10:56; De Mara, 11:02:3;
Russac 11:04; Newsom, 11:10:3; Long, 11:40;
West. 11:12.
ited With Having Broken the
American Record.
A Number of the Members Are Cred-
BAY CITY WHEELMEN MAKE
FAST TIME ON THE ROAD
The order initiated more than 1200 mem
bers last year and has»now more than
£rOO members.
Mrs ¦ Helena Worms, the grind sub
chief companion, will undoubtedly be ad
vanced to grahd chief companion. For
the office of grand sub-chief the, candi
dates are Miss A- Rogge of Watsonville,
Mrs. J.,H. Krimminger of Los Angeles
and Mrs. N. E. Smith of San Francisco.
Miss Bremer will be a candidate for re
election as grand financial secretary; so
will Mrs. R. Kemp Van Ee for grand
treasurer. A reform ticket, to be made
up of Individuals who never before have
held grand office : in the order, has been
prepared and may be presented. .
For, the entertainment of the grand .of
ficers and delegates there will be an en*
tertair.ment and dance. In the social hall
of the Alcazar building on the evening
of the first day and on the evening of
Thursday they will be tendered a ban
quet. • ¦
Matters coming up for legislation will
be a project to pay to the relatives or
beneficiary of each member who passes
away the sum of either $75 or $100: the
removal of the office of the grand finan
cial secretary from Alameda to this city:
the creation of a fund by means of a
small per capita tax to be used in enter
taining the grand officers "and delegates,
instead of creating such a fund by ask
ing- for donations from Individual mem
bers.
Stockton— Stockton Circle No. 130, Mrs. II.
Goldstein and Mrs. M. Thoman.
Vallejo — Farragut Circle No. 515— Mrs. Mary
' ¦ ' ¦
Watsonville— Pajaro Valley Rose Circle No.
207, : Mrs. Myrtle Arro.
Woodland — Marguerite Circle No. 209, Mrs.
Lillie Powers.
San Diego— Silver Gate Circle No. 271, Miss
Hazel Citerly and Mrs. Carrie S. Collins; Palo
mar Circle No. 510— Mrs. Kate Sippell.
San Jose — Heliotrope Circle No. 506. Mlse
Josie Burnes and Mrs. M. Maddox.
Santa Ana— Fidelity Circle No. 270 — Mrs. N.
E. Case and Mrs. Nellie Graser.
Santa Barbara— Ocean View Circle No. 263,
Mrs. A. Kulwller.
Santa Rosa — The Rose Circle No. 455, j Mrs.
Minerva Colton. •
Sonora— Sonera, Circle. No. 260— Miss W. S.
Prowse.
Salinas— Santa Lucia Circle No. 453. Mrs.
Laura Davis.
RELIGION BASIS
OF PATRIOTISM
San Francisco — Excelsior Circle No. 2. John
J. Cordy and Mrs. C. Tucker: Bay City Circle
No. 11, Mrs. R. Roth and Miss R. Wolmar;
Diana Circle No. 22. MJf8 Kate Driscoll; Gold
en Gate Circle No. 23, Herman Kohn and Miss
Jennie Sena; Loreley Circle No. 20. Mrs. A.
Lippi and Mrs. A. Munk; Live Oak Circle No.
29 Mrs B. Harris and Mrs. E. J. X. Stein weg;
Robin Hood Circle No. 58. Mrs. C. O. Miller,
Miss M. Schoen and Mrs. L. von Puttkamer;
MIzpah Circle No. 100, Mrs. L. Baston; Golden
Era Circle No. 103. M. Levy; Bonita Circle No.
104. Miss M. ,Bailey; Pride of the Forest Circle
No. 204, Mrs. Emma Wolf; Inter Nos Circle
No" 215 Mrs. M. Connell and P. Coyle; San
Francisco Circle No. 267. Miss Mary F. Foye;
Ferruccio Circle No. 452, Miss Lydia Schenona
and Miss Annie Scola: Martha Washington Cir
cle No. 459. M. Brady. Miss Essie Kragen and
S Schweitzer; Richmond Circle No. 511, Mrs.
E Wehe; New Century Circle No. 613. Mrs.
Sarah Beversen, Mrs. C. F. Large, Mrs. M.
DELEGATES.
Grand chief Companion, Miss Alice Ticoulet
of £an Francisco; grand sub-chief companion,
Mrs. H. Worms of San Francisco; grand finan
cial secretary. Miss Agnes D. Bremer of Ala
meda; grand recording secretary, Mrs. L. At
wood of San Francisco; grand treasurer, Mrs.
R. Kemp Van Ee of San Francisco; grand mar
shal, Frank X. Wallace of San Diego; grand
right guide. Miss A. Rogge of Watsonville;
grand left guide, Mrs. M. A. OUen of San
Jose; grand inside guard, Mrs. S. E. Ellia of
Santa Ana; grand outside guard, Mrs. D.
O'Callaghan of San Francisco; grand organist,
Mrs. M. Melehan of Petaluma; grand trustees
— Mrs. 2C. E. Smith of San Francisco. Miss E.
Rappin of San Francisco, Mrs. J. II. Krimmin
ger of Los Angeles.
GRAND OFFICERS.
Past grand chief Companions — J. Caiman of
San Francisco. Thomas Sewell of San Fran
cisco. Mrs. Lizzie At wood of San Francisco,
Mrs. M. A. Duke of San Francisco, Miss A.
D. Bremer of Alameda, Mrs. Emma Agnes
Harrington of San Francisco, I. \V. Coburn of
San Francisco. Mrs. Flora Jacobs of San
Francisco and Mrs. Katie Agee of Merced.
HE next session of the Grand Clr-
I cle of the Companions of America,
I the Ladies' Auxiliary of the For
il esters of America, which will be
the fifteenth since its organiza
tion, will open in the Alcazar building on
next Wednesday, when the following
named past grand officers, grand officers
and delegates will be present:
The Rev. William Rader gave the prin
cipal address.. His theme was "Not I, but
Christ." "Loyalty" was the dominating
feature of the addresses, which wero
many and most stirring. The officers
taking part in the meeting were State
Pr^ident L. S. Rodgers. Secretary J. O.
Smith, Treasurer E. C. Lyon, State
Transportation Manager A. R. Waters,
Superintendent of Missions Miss R. E.
Smith, Intermediate Superintendent Mar
shall Black, Quiet Hour Superintendent
Dr. Sara E. Wise, Good Citizenship and
Temperance Superintendent J. E. White,
Statistical Secretaries R. R. Patterson
and Fred Morcom.
A rousing meeting was held yesterday
afternoon In Central M. E. Church. The
Christian "Endeavorers of San Francisco
gathered in full force to meet and greet
the- State officers of the Christian En
deavor Union, who were ttoere to talk of
the coming State convention to be held
in Santa Cruz from June 25 to 29.
Church— Stirring Address by
Rev. Mr. Rader.
Meeting Is Held at Central M. E.
CHRISTIAN ENDEAVOBERS
. MEET IN NUMBERS
Conway Is known to have cashed quite
a. number of bail orders on drunk charges
In saloons in the vicinity of the Hall of
Justice. So»ne of these were indorsed in
the name of the person in whose favor
they were drawn, and some were not.- If
It is found that the indorsement on the
orders were forged it will present a new
and decidedly serious addition to the
charges. •
"I propose." said Captain Martin, "to
begin at the initial point of this case. ai;d
for that reason I have detailed Detectives
Wren and Dinan to try to locate the per
sons whose bail is alleged to have been
forfeited and afterward drawn from the
treasury by Conway and the case entered
on the docket as dismissed. If we can
find these people and ascertain that thev
did not get their bail money we shall
make a strong case against the suspected
clerk."
Conway appeared unconcerned regard
ing the latest disclosures of his manner
of conducting the office he holds, and
early this morning said he had nothing
to fear. He said he stood by his records
and defied any one to find anything ir
regular about them. When told that dis
crepancies had been discovered between
his books and the memorandum kept by
Judge Mogan he said he was not account
able for Mogan's memorandum. His en
tries, he said, were the records of the
court, and were not to be attacked by
private memoranda. Late last night a
report gained currency that Conway had
disappeared. He heard of it in some way
and came down to the Hall of Justice to
set at rest the rumors of his flight.
Captain of Detectives Martin proposes
to do whatever is in his power to ascer
tain if the charges of bail "kiting" on the
part of Convray are well founded.
CONWAY UNCONCERNED.
I have requested Bond Clerk Greeley to make
me out a list of all cases vhich have been
appealed from the Police Courts, so that I
may investigate and find out if the bail money
in these cases has been tampered with.
If there has been any further crooked work
In connection with bail money in Judge Mo
pan's court, we will find out to-day. I do not
ihir.k that any very large amount has gone
astray
When the bail money is exonerated the man
who put it up must, before he can regain it,
6ecure an order from the clerk of court. This
order must be sigrned by the Judge I cannot
pee how it is possible for there to be any
fraud in connection with bail money, unless the
Judge is negligent in signing orders. In the
Treasurer's office we personally seldom know
the men who present the orders for the return
of the bail money and we must pay this money
to any one to whom the Judge gives an order
properly signed.
¦When bail is paid into the treasury it is
charged to the account of the man who puts
it up. If the man fails to appear in court at
the proper time and his bail money is de
clared forfeited, the clerk of the court in
which the man's case was heard makes out an
order for the money payable to the County
Clerk. This money does not leave the treas
ury. The County Clerk simply sends in the
order for the money and it is transferred to
Ida account.
Deputy Treasurer Charles 3. Perkins
when seen last night in regard to the
latest developments in the Conway bail
scandal gave the following account of the
process that must be observed before bail
money can be withdrawn from the treas
ury:
WITHDRAWAL OF MONEY.
The Judge considered that enough had
been shown to warrant an investigation,
and he laid the matter before Captain
Martin, giving him a list of the cases re
ferred to. The captain detailed Detectives
Dinan and Wren on the case, with instruc
tions to make an investigation and report.
If the bail money in these cases has
been withdrawn from the treasury after
being declared forfeited, then the person
withdrawing it has been guilty of falsify
ing the public records and obtaining
money by false pretenses.
Edward Swift was arrested May 13 for
being drunk and on May 16 the Judge de
clared the bail of $5 forfeited, but the
court record shows no entry at all on that
date for Swift's case.
Jack Riordan and Thomas Dowell were
arrested May 15 for being drunk and each
deposited $5 cash bail for his release. They
failed to appear in court and on May 17
the Judge declared the bail in each case
forfeited. The court record has each case
marked "dismissed."
L. T. Walkman n was arrested May 13
for disturbing the peace and carrying a
concealed weapon, rie deposited $15 cash
bail for his release. He failed to make
his appearance in court and on May 16 the
Judge declared his bail forfeited and so
marked it in his docket. The court record
has the two cases marked "dismissed."
ASBEST OF WALKMAKN.
Yesterday afternoon in a few minutes
several discrepancies were discovered be
tween the Judge's dockets and the court
records, which are in the custody of Ser
geant Charles McDonald.
If a man arrested for a minor offense,
such as drunkenness or disturbing the
peace, puts up bail for his release and
docs not appear in court the Judge de
clares his bail forfeited loud enough so
that the clerk and all in court can hear
him. The Judge records in his docket
•'bail forfeited," and the court- record
«hould bear the same disposition. If,
however, the court record should state
that the case was "dismissed." then the
ball could be withdrawn from the City
Treasurer.
A new feature in the system of "kiting"
bail money was discovered yesterday by
a cursory examination of Judge Mogan's
dockets, which are kept by the Judge him
self as a record of the disposition of all
cases each day in his court, and the
court records kept by Frederick B. Con
way, clerk of the court. The dockets and
the court records should correspond, but
in several instances where bail money
was deposited there is a discrepancy.
Cossmann went to 389 Geary street last
Friday and engaged a room, telling the
landlady that he was a "captain" at the
Palace Hotel. He offered her a check in
payment of his room rent and she took it
to her grocer, who refused to accept it.
Then, in his desperation, Cossmann broke
into King's' room and stole the clothes
and shoes, pawning them so that he could
get money to try his luck at poker, but
the cards never turned his way.
When searched at the City Prison a
large number of checks drawn on differ
ent banks and private firms, which he had
written out himself in different names,
were found in Cossmann's pockets.
Cossmann Had been a waiter at the Pal
ace Hotel tor two years up to last March,
when he retired, after saving about $500.
He desired to increase his wealth, and
with that object in view began piaying
polier at the Cafe Royal. His luck was
intermittent, but his losses greatly ex
ceeded his winnings till he found himself
penniless. He pawned everything he was
possessed of excepting the clothes he wore
and lost the money at poker. At these
times he gave his address as 073 Howard
street.
Jatob Cossmann, a waiter, 21 years of
age, was arrested yesterday afternoon by
Detectives Ryan and O'Dea and booked at
the City Prison on a charge of burglary.
Cossmann was very penitent and wept
copiously while the officers were search
ing and booking him. The charge against
him is for breaking into the room of T.
R. King, 389 Geary street, Saturday morn
ing ana stealing a suit of clothes valued
at $50 and a pair of shoes. He pawned
the suit at the Kxcelsior Loan Oinee on
Third street for $4. . ;.v/;
Judge Mogan Compares His
Docket With Clerk Con-.
way's Papers.
Driven to Desperation He
Breaks Into a R ?om and
Is Arrested.
Grafton or Knights Landing — Queen" of the
River Circle. No. -509. Mrs. E. Allen.
Grass Valley — Court/ Pride Circle No. 50S.
Mrs. Frances Rowe and Miss Lizzi& Steele.
Haywards— Haywards Circle No. 461, Mrs.
C. B. Caton and C. M. Reese. . >
Los Angeles— Union Circle No. 456, Mrs. Ella
Nelk and Mrs. Laura Woods.
Marysville — Yuba' Circle No. 101 — Agnes M.
Frye and Mrs. Minnie E. McCnv.
Nevada City— Freedom Circle No./lOS, Mrs.
II. L. Sweeney. - - . ' ¦ '
Oakland — Oakland Circle No. 3, Mrs. A.
Davis; Varbano Circle No. 458. Miss D. Reboli.
Oroville — Orange Blossom Circle No. 200 —
Thomas Donnelly and\lrs. Ella Schneider.
Petaluma— American Circle No. 155, G. A.
Stahr. s : - ¦
Sacramento— Court Concordia Circle No. 514,
Mrs. Joseflna Gaa.
Cases Where Bail Was
Forfeited Are Marked
Dismissed.
J. Cossmann, a Waiter,
Loses All His Savings
.at Poker.
COURT RECORDS
ARE FALSIFIED
GAMBLER'S DUPE
TURNS BURGLAR
xHE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, MONDAY, JUNE 2, 1902.
Grand 'Circle Will Gather in This City Next Wednesday, Elect
Officers and Attend to Legislative Matters.
COMPANIONS OF FOREST TO MEET
IN FIFTEENTH ANNUAL SESSION
OFFICERS OF GRAND .CIRCLE
OF COMPANIONS OF • THE
FOREST.
12
BDWEM
•^T- ¦^¦BBBBBP' . / ;
Ex pa n s i;O n
We have bought the fix-
tures and stock of Messrs. '
L. Lebenbaum & Co. and
have closed their store
Their patrons will be wel~
1 come here— most of their
employes, also Mr. Leben-
baum and Mr. Myerfeld will
greet their old friends at
our Sutter street store —
larger buying will give low-
er cost and you will benefit
thereby
Arrived
New Japan Tea
New Ceylon Tea
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Sardines
French boneless— extra fine value 2 sC
reg'ly 30c— large can
Mayonaise
Sierra Madre salad dressing— 25c
reg'ly 30c bottle ,
M a c k e re 1
12 lb kit— 3 X— Norway — « 2 20
reg'ly $2 50
5 !b pail— reg'ly $1 9 OC
German lentils
Large ones— reg'ly 10c lb 3* lbs 25c
Preserved f i g s
Bishop — enough for two — IOC
reg'ly iz\c can
Stu f fed olives
Teyssonneau.— stuffed with 2 for c ce>
anchovies in oil— 00
reg'ly 36c— 50c bottle 45*-
S m y r n a fig s
• 2 lb box— choice layers — : : . . n -
reg'ly 50c , 4 ° C
Safety matches
Heads don't fly off— safe near n Zc
children-3600 matches-5 doz boxes v
/¦» 1 -B sr w^w Beds, Chairs, Stoves. Etc.
I k Inm 3 u Tents 'or Rent and for Sale.
I /fl" IraH %" Guns, Rifles. Fishing Tackle
. I 1 LSl I tf H ' 9 and Sporting Goods. Send
VX11I11 *°r Catalogue. SHREVE &
BARBER CO., 73d Market
St., and 511 Kearny st.
"x^VtfSSfc* *• Weak Eyea Strengthened.
4j*3!wj2« Painful or Inflamed eyes In -
r»ea»S££5> etantly relieved wlthGKORGS
:#JQ3EX4 MATERLE'S German Kjm
W/iSJiS^ Water. 60c. at 1071 Market
fvWW* ht. Tel. South B72. None gen-
uln* without toja trademark.
WeeHy Gall $1.00 nr Year
An additional charge of 20
cents to pay cxprcusagc Trill
be required. from. out of town
subscribers ordering by mail.
. A car-load of Cook Book*
has just arrived from Chicago
and they are ready for distri-
bution at the I business office
of this paper. ' All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of thin ereat Cook Book at
the pren^om price of fifty
cents.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
T.H. CORCORAN SCO.
3-DAY_SALE.
25 lbs PURE CANE SUGA.R $1.00
Positively the b«st; with orders only
COFFEE, Jar» and Mccha, per lb - . *.25c
Ground tvhlla you wait. Reg. 35c lb.
TEA, the regul-r 75c par lb kind 60c
This Is a pickup for lovers of rood Tea.
HAM, Deraed, X size, reg. 5c, 3 cans. . .10c
This Is a cnap for campers or picnickers
SOUPS, W. tJ. M. brand. 3 cms . . 25o
Quick meal. Add bolltejf water. Pur* food
POEK AND BEAKS, With Tomato Sauce
3c*ns ' 258
JT. G. M. Brand. Heady for the table.
Serve hot or cold. ""«c.
CATSUP, Snider'g Best, pint bottles 20c !
Made from ripe tomatoes. R« K . 25c.
PIM-OLAS, a goad appetizsr, 3 bottles 59c
Reg. 20c eIzc. Stuffed with red peppers.
SOAP, Borax, ng. 5c size, 6 cakes 25c
Superior brand. Eaey on the hands.
EIOE, Japan, new crop, 5 Ib3 25o
The nice, plump kind. R*g. 10c lb-
BARLEY, SAGO and SPLIT PEAS, perlb..5c
We buy twice a week In order to buddIv
you with fresh goods. ="w«y
SNAPS, Vanila, Lemon and Ginger, pig.. ..5c
- Packed In neat cartons. Received dally
' from bakers*.
Special attention to camp or country orders
We pack and ship free, and If our goods do not
suit return them at our expense.
1201 VALENCIA ST.
8. E. Corner Twenty-third. Phone Atission 9.
Bey H Q Vrsftf BBS m^E£i
French claret
St- Julian— old vintage — $4
.. reg'ly $5 doz qts— $6 2 dor pts 475
D C ¦' L: w h i s k y
Highland Club— Scotch ) #T *2*
: Killycroy— Irish-i Star J S x a 5 c
Caledonian — Scotch 1 35 $1 15
12 year old— Scotch 1 50 I 2O
Riesling
Howell Mt.— rich— fruity— Ace*
reg'ly $1 gallon °^ C
Sc h i e d am gin
Cld Holland gin— finest -in the f I2 r
world-reg'ly$i5o-long stone jug
> C o c k t a i Is
Martini— Manhattan— Vermouth q/^c
gin— whisky— Old Ton? gin— y
reg'ly $1 25 bottle
German cologne
Johann Maria Farina— a ee*
reg'ly 55c bottle ***"
Toilet soap
Melba — American made — 2 doz 7cc
reg'ly 50c dozen — large cakes ' •*
Coffee pot
Kirt-Hee— quick— simple— 1 qt Jfr
good— reg'ly $1 25— $r 50— *
the cost of your coffee 2 qt I 25
depends on how you make It
B as k e t s
Telescope— 5 sizes— 20 to 28 In. «p««f*i
Jong- 45c 60c 75c 85c $1
reg'ly 60c 75c 90c $1 $1 15
S h a w 1 straps
Good and durable— orange and sp«cf*i
white leather— 4$— 5 onr Arit , - r<%
ftlong-reg'ly25C5oc85c 20C 4<DC 75<^
Pin e - a.p-p 1 e \
Singapore— whole fruit— 2$ lbs 2OC
reg'ly 25C-30C. • 3 Ibs2C C
Sea Foam-regMy 15c- V 2 for 2 r C
$165 dozen t *o c
fuccotash-reg'ly 15c- f doz. <_ An
U 65 dozen j 5 1 4°
C h e e s e
Pine-apple— reg'ly $1 10-cut out QOC
the top and fill occasionally with y
Sherry wine .
Moselle wine
California dry white doz pts i-
wine ?2
German hock type '.* qts 4
reg'ly %y— $5— % x 5o m z o
Campers' .estimates —
what' to take*— how much
to take— -send or call
432 Pin» 232 Sutter 2800 California
. San Francisco
•Thirteenth and Clay Streets Oakland
This week we will have on Special Sale the
foHowing lots of HOUSEKEEPING GOODS, all
of which on examination will be found
extra values.
LINEN DEPARTMENT.
350 BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, 2, 1%
. : and 3 /gards long. Prices $1.75, S2.50 and
$3.00 each. These are from one of the hest
Irish manufacturers and are a decided; hargain. We
have full-size DINNER NAPKINS on nn nn7on
to match each design In cloths at.. OJiUU UUZ.CII
LINEN DEPARTMENT.
200 Dozen BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS, full Size and
Satin Damask (Irish, manufacture). These come In
nine different patterns, and as we have no Tahle
Cloths to match, the lot will he sold oa r a n n7 n n
LINEN DEPARTMENT.
175 Dozen Extra Large BLEACHED HUCK TOWELS, soft
' finish and purs white Damask Borders. These
Towels were a special purchase from Richardson
Sons & Qwden, Belfast, Ireland, qm t\i\ n n , nn
Wiirhesoldat : O*fiUU UOZBll
Present Value $5.OO
QUILT DEPARTMENT." 1
165 White and Colored BEDSPREADS, all full size, Doth
hemmed and fringed. These come assorted In Mar-
seilles satin finish and English PQ. en Canh
mitcheline. All reduced to......... 0/iUU Ldbll
BLANKET DEPARTMENT.
3 Bales (90 pairs) ALL-WOOL GRAY BLANKETS, Yeru
fine ojualitu and size for three-auarter heds. This
Is a yeru desljahle Blanket for camp- QQ nn n Q : r
Ing purposes. Price OOiUU rdll
We have recelYed another large shipment of ENGLISH
AND SCOTCH TENNIS SHIRTING FLANNELS, In a
great Varietuof new patterns and colorings. These
come 30 and 38 inches wide and will he sold at
35c and 50c per Yard
We will also continue this week In our Wash Goods
Department our Special Sale of FRENCH PRINTED
SATEENS and IMPORTED GINGHAMS at.|5c Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samoles
forwarded free to any address.
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.