-¦ - Continued on Page Three. t
yertises for Information.
*:. NEW/ OR LEANS, April 16.'— General
Pearson, .the South' African burgher, ;- re
turned " from "Washington ': to-aay, ' in re
sponse to a telegraphed request from Col-'
orielCro wdef," who* Is conducting the'Gov
jernment Investigation into the alleged
British army^ post at Chalmcttc. Imrne-
.General Pearson, the Burgher, Ad-
INVESTIGfiTINtf^fHE "(3AM^S.' y
There was a loud uproar and the debate
could; not . be .carried on for some time , be
cause ¦ of the outcries of the % Loyalists,'
who . would . not - let the Senator
his speech. .
VICTORIA, B. C, /April ..16.-r According
to news from Melbourne, by the Austra
lian liner Moana, there was a pro-Bo'r
sensation in' the Australian Senate on
March 22, when Senator P. H. Iliggs,
amid loud interruptions, -made an' appeal*
for the! Boers and.decried the sending of
another contingent to, South Africa. He
complimented the Boers on their • splen
did fight and said that the continual'send
ing of contingents by. Austrjalla to aid in
the extermination of such a brave people
was unjustified. .Senator Higgs . argued
for the^grantlng of general 'amnesty to
the Boers. .". 'J *>¦'.- ¦•
a Sensation.
Member of Australian Senate Creates
PRAISES VAiLOR \ OF BOERS.
The principal speech of the evening was
made by Dr. Nicholas Senn, who replied
to the toast, "Holland as a • Power of
Civilization." He said .the, Boers had
waged war for two years with the sym
pathy of the entire. world. He said:
* "They have taught proud England an
Important and expensive lesson. ¦ Never
has England been so deeply iiumillated
since the birth of our own country."
. A - significant portion of the resolutions
adopted was the following:
That we, the members of the Holland Society
of Chicago, assembled to , commemorate ' the
birthday of William the Silent, the great ' pio
neer of civil and religious freedom, do most'
heartily * isympathlre with the brave arid, patri
otic people of the Orange Free State and the
South African Republic in their heroic .struggle
againet the empire of Great Britain to; retain
their Independence; that we deprecate the stand
of the present administration In refusing, to
permit a resolution s ympathy, such} as 'was
passed for, struggling Greece, for Hungary, !
Mexico and for ' the South American republics,"
to be considered or to be passed by cither. house.'
of Congress, and thereby express the true-'sen
timent of the ; great majority of the American
CHICAGO, April- 16.— Resolutions/- de
claring sympathy for the Boers and ask
ing President Roosevelt to break up .the
alleged British camp near New, Orleans
wfcre adopted by the Holland Society of
Chicago during a banquet at Kinsley's to
right. The resolutions urge the consoli
dation of all the leagues in the United
States now engaged separately in 'raising
money for the benefit* of the Boerpris- :
oners, reconcentradoes and sick and
wounded.
land Society.
Boers Given Sympathy by the Hol-
assemble to-morrow to discuss the. matter
further. ¦ ¦'¦'¦.
BBAVE STAND IS APPROVED.
That we hope and trust that the. negotiations
now understood to be pending may result In" an
honorable peace, which shall recognize the In
dependence of those two republics, nevermore
to be" disturbed by a foreign power. •
people toward the brave jnen and women of
the republics of South Africa; that we regret
the policy of our Government in permitting re
cruiting: ' camps for the British Government to
exist openly within our '.'territory,:^ in defiance
of 'treaty, stipulations and international law. •
Patterson also defended the section In
the Mitchell bill excluding Chinese from
American ships,' declaring that it is es
sential to the protection of American la
bor "on the sea. The opposition to this
provision meant, he said, that it was in
tended to subsidize the ships and then
allow ;their owners to go into the cheap
est markets to secure labor, leaving the
American seamen to , their fate. The ef
fect would be -to drive American sailors
from the American ships, which would be
contrary to the policy of the American
people, who want . American ships under
the American flag and manned by Ameri
can sailors. As- for the flag, it was a
mere piece of cloth, its only significance
being attached. to what it stood for. If it
was .to be raised at the . masthead of
ships manned by yellow skins and white
livered "men, the representative* of a
that amendment fails to prohibit the Chi
nese ; from going into the" ¦ Philippines.
Whatever the motive of Senators ' in this
omission, he said, he was quite sure that r
those outside the ", Seriate who were op
posing the pending, bill have a .well-de
fined ¦ and clearly-determined policy, and
that* that policy la to leave the Philip
pines-in such a condition that those
islands shall be cultivated by the aid of
Chinese labor, no matter what the result
to the real inhabitants of the islands or
to the honor of . the United States. He
quoted with approbation the report of
General McArthur, and said that tho pro
posed legislation is equivalent to a notice
that the policy of exclusion is looked
upon'wlth disfavor and he could not con
ceive a more indefensible act than during
the formative period In the Philippines to
flood that country with a people whom
¦ the natives hate and who. they believe,
would drive them from their land and
its-trade and commerce.
¦ Patterson spoke ' with \ especial y reference
to^thc. Platt amendment, calling attention
to the fact that as at present constituted
POINTS ' : BY PATTERSON.
'} When- Turner, concluded. Quay of Penn
sylvania asked how. much time he would
be allowed in speaking upon an amend
ment ; he wrbuld /offer for the admission
of Christianized Chinamen. He -said ¦ he
did not" desire to make " a • speech ; in ' the
usual' acceptance of , "the- term, ,"as .that
practice,"- he sald,'"I am content ; to leave
to "the senior wranglers of Senate,'be
ing entirely satisfied ''. to * sit" at; their f feet
while they" explain th© mysteries of legis
lation.',' He added that » he • ¦ desired >- to
have ¦ read some printed ? extracts bearing
upon^the conduct of these; converted ''Chi-,
nese ; during, the! Boxer uprising. . He was
assured^that he would be heard. ,
Turner .then entered ; upon a discussion
of the -merits of the. Chinese »exclusion
bill.,' He spoke of .the Chinese, declaring
that\twQ-facedness ;is. a characteristic of
that people,', from -. which not even the
Emperor is free. He: also declared .that
the " great Chinese Viceroy who had re
cently died \_had';. amassed ? his Vcoiossal
fortune by the corrupt use of office, and
followed this i remark with the statement
that! if ' Chinese ( were ' to > be admitted to
the ' United States upon -the certificates
of' Chinese^ officials; there .might.be .no
pretenseof a check upon.lt." ; •
'. In that proceeding, ;;he- said, there had
been no regard for; principles of -liberty
and democratic; /government.' and' they
were, he ' declared^ allowing .this tenden
cy . to" .'.'drown ; in a' sea of - blood : the j. as
pirations, of an- allied .'people for, free
dom." He.said ¦ that r.the shipping J inter-"
ests and. the transcontinental railroads
have ; agents- In Washington : using their
strongest efforts \ to defeat , the pending
bill. ' ! . • • .
onstrated- by. the .Republican-organlza
tion's attitude toward - the Philippines. ¦
There is good reason t^ believe that the
Boers are vigorously demanding a repre
sentative government and that this de
aiand Is opposed with equal vigor by the
British representatives. It is understood
that the Boers strongly oppose the long
Selay proposed by Great Britain before a
representative government be granted the
Tormer republics, and that they also in
list on the number of Boer seats in the
touncil being specified.
It Is expected that the Cabinet - will "rc-
The Government has ordered the cable
md telegraph lines between London and
Pretoria to be kept clear to insure the
prompt transmission of Lord Kitchener's
messages.
The broad lines of Great Britain's
terms are now known to the Government
representatives at Pretoria, and on these
reports the Cabinet is apparently shift
ing the responsibility of taking advan-
Lage of all opportunities, provided no
cardinal principles be sacrificed.
"Sparring for time" best describes th.»
present status of the negotiations,
neither side being willing to risk a de
rision which would break off the pres
ent conference. An agreement may be
reached at any moment, but this would
more likely be the/result of semi-lnde
(xin&ezit action by Lord Milner and Lord
Kitchener at Pretoria than of the rather
involved conditions of the Cabinet at
London.
WHAT BOERS DEMAUT>.
{{ejects the House Measure
and^Extends the Geary
Act to 1904
ST.' ; JOSEPH, -Mo., April 16.-W.iJ.-
Bryan'and'a party. of pro-Boer.sympathiz
ers ."will f to-nibrrpw ; inspect - the ;.- alleged
Brltish^remount station, at Latiirop.sMo:,'
according; to. aV dispatch received ;by , one
of - Mr"' Bryants friends ] here to-night. Mr.'
Bryan' will -visit the carrip at the solicita
tion ' of •; friends - of . his 'in Congress, , who"
will " follow his advice, in the : matter of
Congressional action.: '
General Pearson said he had beenexcel
lently. received at:; Washington and that
sentiment . there na( j v recently grown ¦ very'
strong, for. the ' Boers., Referring -to the
peace .talk In v the paiers thit : was sent
q'ver.the country last night that' ho' had
decided , against \ the British . 'camp ] here
he •" said t"J that/ the stories" 'were 'en
tirely imaginary 'so far: a3": he •«'as : con j
cerned arid that he. had made, absolutely
no" statements ' of ¦ hl3 conclusions,' by' in
ference.or t otherwise.
Z Coionei [Crowder kept t!. ree . typewriters
busy in his -office to-day transcriblhg"the
testimon'y/of ; All the recent
evidence' has 'been 'largely,, in /support of
the charges '{made by/ Governor • Heard, 7
and some .^of : it, , it ; is /said,',, has /gone far
beyond any allegations ¦' submitted'. to Sec-'
retary'IIay, by the Governor.
While the legislative, council; was. en
gaged in a discussion of taxation meas
ures to-day the elected members of the
council warned the Government to exer
cise caution,^ in view of the serious Estate
of unrest "prevailing" throughout the isl
and. There will be no' further increase in"
taxation this year. ' L |!lj|8B®l88S||
dlately upon getting here, General Pear
son inserted -advertisements' calling upon
all Boer! sympathizers who mtght.pos
sess information touching the . conduct of
the British , camp. to meet him In the of
fice of his lawyers. ' .'.;'-' . ¦ .• ;¦'..¦.. ',
KINGSTON, Jamaica, April 16.— Nearly
fifty arrests have been made in connection
with the riots atMontego Bay, on the
north coast of this island, which began
April 5,' and in which a number of police
men and rioters were wounded. • In ac
cordance with a request made! by. Cham
berlain,' the British Colonial 'Secretary,'
the Governor. of Jamaica has appointed a
commission to inquire into the riots. :
North.
With Recent Riots in the
Fifty Arrests Are Made in Connection
SERIOUS TROUBLE BREWS
AMONG JAMAICA PE0PL3
AUTHOR OF THE SUBSTITUTE FOR THE MITCHELL-KAHN BILL; -
, .THE QNLY MEMBER OF. THE SENATE. WHO VOTED AGAINST EX
;'" CLUSION, AND : OHIO STATESMAN WHO SCORED. DUNN.
.'* Turner then took', the floor' to : reply to
the, speech made yesterday/ by /Spoorier,
but ' befoVe , he ; could ; proceed ', Culborson
suggestevl the abe'enceof.'a quorum. This
."was at 10:15, and it .took- twenty-five'.min
utes to get a quorum: V J'
trUTRNER ' ARRAldNS • CHINESE..
I Turner \ofj Washington ' then proceeded,
'explaining a casual remark | made", yester
'da'y/,' concerning.' the ¦¦ Republican party.
He -said', he " had no ' bitterness f. toward
that !par ty and ; that ' he had : been : a mem
ber., of,! it so 'lbng >as- it> was true' to, 'its
principles. ¦ He - declared : that ' the
i;ow t v0n all ;. occasions: prefers the^ dollar
to the man, , and that this fact is ' dem-
-The President pro tem. : laid before the
Senate a number of . telegrams' bearing
.upon the Chinese bill.; -These messages
vwere all from the" Pacific : Coast. \ sixty-one
of them being favorable to the Platt sub
stitute and~ twelve opposed to ;'it.-' , ;
•Pursuant of yesterdayV agreement the
Senate .was 'called to. order at: 10 o'clock,
: hours in advance , of the usual . hour
of meeting.' This hour was fixed in, order
to permit more extended .. debate on the
Chinese exclusion bHl prior to the voting
"on : that '. measure. ' , ¦ "
GOES BACK AS NEW. BIIX.
The Senate failed to substitute' the
enacting clause 'of the House bill; for th'e
Senate measure, so that the bill 'now! will
go to the House as an "original measure
and from a" parliamentary standpoint will
have to he acted on and "treated the same
as though- the I louse ;had not. passed a
Chinese 'exclusion bill already. -
pThc vote' by which the substitute took
the .place of the originalwas ayes 48 to
noes 33. Once the substitution had been
made air the Senators joined in its sup
port, with the single^ exception of Hoar,
the substitute being passed,. 76 to 1. The
friends of the^ 1 substitute .'showed their
strength throughout the voting on amend
ments .that preceded final : action and; sue-,
ceeded in preventing any 'material change
in' its features. Some :' minor, conditions
were made, admitting Chinese ' persons
connected with national expositions^ arid
providing for certiflcates\of Identification
of /Chinese l in / our .. insular, possessions.
Otherwise, 'however, the. substitute was
adopted substantially . in . "the 'form thit
Platt presented it. /*..-. - ' . . . .
HgBfr*'' 5^ fr 9 m the^Paciflc Coast
States met defeat in- the : Senate to-day,
and in its place was substituted a meas
ure' offered by Platt of . ¦Connecticut;^ex
tending the provisions- of the' preserit*;ex
clusion ; law : and also .applying .that^cx-'
elusion' to all insular territory under* the
jurisdiction of the" Uriifed States. ~ 'J.
"W *W V ASHIXCTON, 7 April ' 16.—,
¦ JH f The;.drastlc Chinese cx-
H / H ¦'/¦ elusion < bill -, originally
Jb/, ' '" ¦ f rame«l . by the ' Senators
* ' a' n d - ' Representatives
who are now .it Pretoria and;
¦ message from Lord Milner, the British
Sigh Commissioner in South Africa. The!
tession was extremely brief. After the.
Tabinet meeting Lord Salisbury, the Pre
ttier, had an audience with King Edward
it Buckingham^ Palace and stayed to
.unch with his Majesty. The latter after
ward went to Sandringham.
The St. James Gazette predicts an early
jubiic announcement of the progress of
:he peace negotiations. The paper says
there is little doubt that if the British
tnd Boers arrive at an understanding on
;he main points of the proposal peace will
tnsue, the banishment proclamation will
»e withdrawn and minor points, like re
itocking the farms, will be referred to a
ftoard composed of British and' Boer rep
•cF^ntatlves.
"SPABRING FOB TIME."
The Associated Press has excellent au-
Aority for saying that up to a late hour
to-night there have been no definite de
relopments in the peace negotiations. It
b learned that Lord Milner defined cer
tain propositions on which peace may be
clmost immediately secured, but the Cab
net at its meeting to-day is said to have
lisagreed upon the merits of Lord Mil
ler's terms.
Yf ONDOX. April 16.— The British
S Cabinet held another meeting
B to-day for the purpose of con
fs . siderlng a communication
J^-*^4 from the Boer representatives
¦ \ " ¦ - "A:'-.'-' ¦¦'¦> .' ¦¦¦ ¦;•••.'. ':' ''¦¦- ,-A--,i-,;''-, ,""•¦
BRITISH PREMIER "AND THE HIGH \ COMMISSIONER IN SOUTH
, AFRICA. WHO IS. BELIEVED TO HAVE TRANSMITTED THE
TERMS UPON WHICH BOERS ARE WILLING TO QUIT, FIGHTING.
Plan of Plait
Is Finally
Adopted.
Traffic in tickets to the ceremonies at
St. Peter's and the Slstlnc' Chapel, held iif
honor" of . the twenty-fourth anniversary
of the Pope's coronation, has assumed
such proportions that it'; has [ developed
into a veritable scandal. Americans and
English people are the principal victims
of this traffic and the bartering in tickets,
ofrwhich some 50,000 to 60,000 are often is
sued for the ceremonies at St. Peter's, is
carried on at all the principal hotels here
by groups of speculators who are in
league with- the hotel employes.' M. Bis
letti is indignant at this scandal and has
spread broadcast notices that all tickets
to pontifical 'ceremonies are absolutely
gratuitous '• and • that every one trying to
sell such tickets must.be regarded: as a
dishonest persons. , \
TRAFFIC . IN TICKETS.
_ The recent signs of the increased feeble
ness of the Pope, which led, at the end of
last week/to alarming reports of his sud
den' death; have ' : caused'.; a marked re
crudescence of activity among the Car
dinals aspiring/Jo) the ' Pontificate. The
, campaign -'preparatory to the next con
clave " proceeds the • Sacred
College .'being divided > into two distinct
forces, headed : by Cardinal
Rampolla, ' ttie'/Papal Secretary of State,
and : Cardinal Vanniitelli." The" latter and
Cardjnal^Gotti.^now [constitute the most
probable~successbrs to tied XIII. r' ' '/
•^ThpM^^H^a^not'nbw^consliierca to^be,
dang^!^sj^^waat^s;^re f fbnd.^horwever;'
of '. 'pointing ¦•out^that* ajroo'st.150 Cardinals
have been buried during - the ; Pontificate
of lieo.XIII,' arid that the"prolongatlon of
the life of -his Holiness for 'a few* years
is liable to cool, through death,' many
more ambitious calculations. :.
', ROME, April > 16.— Archbishop ¦ Faiconl.'
the papal ; delegate in " Canada, has been
definitely ' selected to -¦ succeed: Cardinal
Maftinelli, the papal J delegate to the
United States." This appointment will not
be officially .announced, " however, until the
meeting of ' the consistory next October.-
It was felt' that Archbishop Falconl's ex
perience* in Canadaihis learning, his com-;
mand of the^ English r language and his
diplomatic . abilities , . especially, qualified
( him for the- Washington post.
ASPIRANTS FOR PONTIFICATS.
Failing Health of tiis
Holiness Causes
• Watchfulness. •¦
Experience in Canada
Fits Archbishop)
for Post
Pope Iseo^Selects the
New Delegate to
America. \
BOERS AND THE BRITISH
ARE SPARRING FOR TIME
Milner Sends Terms
of {he Fighting
Burghers.
No Developments in
Negotiations for
Peace.
Neither Side Anxious
to Break Up the
Conference.
Cable Is v Kept Clear
, for Kitchener's
Messages.
FALC0NI
GETS THE
MISSION
SENATE PASSES BILL CONTINUING
PRESENT CHINESE EXCLUSION LAWS
VOLUME XCI-NO. 138.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, APRIL 17, 1902,
PBICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.POPULAR OP THE
NETHERLANDS, WHO -IS- RE
PORTED SERIOUSLY ILL."
, By the latest dispatches from Manila
It appears that Major Waller was defend
ed in"_ the court-martial ' proceedings
against" him and inVhJch he was prompt
ly acquitted by Oscar^Sutro; an "attorney
j formerly practicing in. this city and now
of the firm of Pillsbury & Sutro at Manila.
It will be gratifying to the many, friends
of Mr.* Sutro to learn that he: already oc
cupies a prominent position at the Manila
bar. having obtained a large: practice,
with many- of the most influential busi
ness houses among his clients. . He is also
employed to defend some of •. the . titles 1 to
large landed properties ' which ; were > ac
quired under the Spanish rule.
rOEMEB LOCAL ATTORNEY
DEFENDED MAJOR WALLER
PBESIDENT DISTBIBUTES > r
. HONORS FOR OFFICIALS
Nominations in the Army, Navy and
] Two^Departmerits^Seiit'to. .
the Senate.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— The . Presi
dent tb-day,% sent ; the following^ nomina
tions to s the -Senate: - tf, f • : V> :
• Army— Infantry— First lieutenantSr-B." J.'
Mitchell,' Kansas,; second lieutenant, Sec
ond Infantry /Sedond Lieutenant. William
J. .Laughlin, New York. » :. , : • .. i .
.Medical Department — Surgeon, {'with
rank'of major,: Captain Charleg Wilcox,
assistant surgeon;v- surgeon ; volunteers,
with rank of major, 'Captain Joseph C.
Reif snyder, assistant surkeon volunteers.
. Justice— Charles • W. Haubert. Unltfed
States "Marshal, Eastern District of; New
York:;' •••'.- ¦'¦. '?/:'¦'¦;;, -v : ¦; .- ; '". ..."
V Navy— Lieutenant commander, ¦ Lieuten
ant E." Y. Tillman; lieutenants, junior
grade, to be lieutenants,' G. S. Galbralth,
Koscoe Spear. ¦• .*¦ - -¦. * "
' Postmasters — California — Elizabeth S.
•Newconjb, Coronado; Montana— Clarence ¦
H. Drake, Choteau.*. Washington — Forest'
W. France,;- Buckley. Wyoming— Elmer
T. Beltz, Laramie. ! ,' v ¦ ;.
: . The | Senate - to-day in ;. executive" session
confirmed the following •nominations:
Robert J. WVynne of Pennsylvania'to be
First Assistant Postmaster General. Re-'
celvers of.publlc moneys— Frank E.-Dens
more,,Independence, Cai:-; Henry Malloch,
Marysville, Cal. ; Alfred H. Taylor, Susan
ville, Cal.: Patrick ;M. Mullen of Ne
braska, at Juneau, Alaska. Registers of
land 'Offices — Thomas Roseberry, Susan- •
vllle.Cal.; A. J. Crookshank, Los Angeles,
Cal. : I John D. Maxey, Stockton, Cal.;>
Stafford -W. 'Austin, Independence, Cal.;'
John W. Dudley of the District of Colum
bia,, at Juneau, Alaska. ; > ' : I
EASTERMF ASTRONOMER
. ¦ DISCOVERS A NEW COMET
Dr. Brooks of Hubart College Adds
. Another • to His List of . "
¦;,.-•¦* -Achievements,-.'- , --. :
-GENEVA,- N. Y., April 16.— Dr. William'
,F.. Brooks, director of Smith Observatory
,and ; professor \, of .astronomy at. Hubart '
College," announces the discovery of a: new
comet. ->' ' ; '*' ¦; •,¦'¦:?'¦ >'¦":• . '...•'.'
. ; It ¦ is. "jin constellation Pegasus -and - an
observation secured to-day made' its: po
sition right ascension 23 hours 28 minutes
10 seconds. I declination north- 27 degrees 25
minutes.:.'- The comet has a 'dally ' motion
of "about 3 three degrees southeasterly and
toward the sun. z This Is the twenty-third
comet discovered: by Dr.. Brooks. , ... ,
The trial arose from the' great 'gam
bling at the Jockey Club December 21,
when Count Joseph Potocki, a Russian
nobleman, lost $500,000. Potdckl' and two
other foreigners, /in addition to being
fined, were permanently banished from
Austria. ' . " * -• ': -' ¦.;¦¦' ¦ ¦
.:. From New. Britain the Cormorant went
.to Apia, thence' to Tahiti and on to • the
Marquesas and Paumotos. The Marshall
Islands were- then visited, and later the
Carolines, which were procured from the
United States .by Germany 1 after the
Spanish-American war.- ¦" .'- * •"
. Rev. .L. ;: H. Paton, the .venerable, mis
sionary, who a has . been in the ; New
Hebrides for nearly a half-century and
who visited the United States about two
years ago, had a narrow escape from be-'
Ing killed during one of the forays of the
; fighting tribes.. There was a big fight at
; a village | near Tanna, both tribes • using
knives -and spears.- Fifty-one .natives
were left 6n the field dead and a large
number were. wounded, many being.car
ried away, by either party for the feasts. ;
Rev. Mr.' Paton went to • the scene and
: went on the field where the two tribes
, were ' fighting and - engaged in ¦; the < work
.; of : attending the.-' wounded at the , risk of
his v life. 1 : He .was bending over. two
wounded -natives;' one- of: them' a- woman,
when several spears were hurled at.' him
: by. some of the attacking, tribe,' but ' for
' tunately none • struck ' him. ' He then ¦ left
.the field and took refuge at >Tanna.
The -Cormorant picked UD three Ameri-!
, can sailors , belonging to • the San Fran-'
Cisco' whaler Gayhead;. who had endured
many; privations after leaving the whaler
in consequence of trouble /with:, the.col
ored members of the crew.* The sailors-
Miller, ; Morgan ; and Nichols-shipped - at
San r Francisco on December 13. They
were. the only white men-oa board in the
forecastle. .They, .had many^fights with'
the crew, " and when . the whaler
was cruising. off Ponape ;they.took one of
the boats and started to row. to: Ponape.
a Ju-ir provisions. were' exhausted,' and for
four days: they: were without food.;; Then
the German warship found them and car
ried them to i New Britain,; whence k they
were sent > byTsfeamerr to- Sydney. 17 The
American;-..- Consul : i obtained* employment
. for tfcem ) on one of- the :ships loading • at
Newcastle for San Francisco., '¦'.'¦
t : '•>-vtre > shocks : of : earthquake., followed
¦by. high tidal = waves, caused great ¦¦ loss : of
life a in f the \ New;. Hebrides ' group." r The
missionaries reported that the shocks had
empUta ; their book cases- and
furniture. .< A large : number of the; hut3
of the natitves.were destroyed, and when
the .jtldali' wave, came the" waters i rose, on
-some : c£ ' the islands to r a: height of five
i tet, sweeping n away ' ;- many . huts : aod
flrcwnlngmany. persons.ias well as.caus
ing ¦heavyj'loss.toiplanters.' : f %
On Santo and . the other islands .the
Mambare' found. the natives quieter, there
being no fighting other than that incident
to some head-hunting at one of the small
er islands. lj . , ; , ,- . .:.
; * The German warship Cormorant returned
,to Sydney from her cruise to the Bis
marck archipelago,. New Britain and the
'.Marshall, and Caroline islands, And re
ported that she had landed boats' compa
-nies. at an 'outlying island of New Britain
to punish the natives for the murder of
Mr. Melncke and several of his party
while they were engaged in the pursuit of
r science. The villagers fled on the ap
proach of the "warship's boats, having
•been warned by runners. The landing
¦was, made under cover of. night in an at
tempt to surprise the blacks, but they
took to the woods. before the village 'was
: neared. The Germans destroyed the huts
and burned all the canoes left along the
•beaches. . . . -,¦.'". . .
VICTORIA,. B.'C., April 16:— Th'e Pacific,
liner. Moana, which reached .port to-day ;
from ¦ Sydney, via the South Sea ports of
call, brought details of tribal wars, can
nibalism,- earthquakes, <tidal- waves and
other exciting occurrences^ 'in the 'South
,Seas. ,Th,e steamer- Mambare had returned
to Sydney from -the: New Hebrides' just
prior to the departure of the Moana. Ac
cording to. her, purser the Mambare found,
on her. arrival at Tanna that, a ..big. can
nibalistic .feast was being held by tne na
tives.'- They, had taken -a number of pris
oners in a . recent . attack on some vil
lages of their rivals, and wheix'the Mam
bare reached port, some distance' from
the natlve^village, they were engaged In
eating, the unfortunates who had been
captured or killed. • Some of the prisoners
were ¦ brought alive to the fife of the
feasting natives, and after, they had seen
some . of, th^ir former comrades being
roasted they were . murdered before the
assembled company. During 'the feast one
of the natives, who had been burled alive
and , had . been underground twelve I days,,
was exhumed and "cooked and eaten with
the rest. " ¦; '. ¦ ¦ '. , < ¦ • - :.•;,.-.¦
Moana Brings Detsiils of
a. Cannibalistic' : "t '$
VIENNA, % April * 16.— Count Colloreda-
Mannsfeld, the president of the Jockey;
Club; Prince Aversperg, the vice, pfesl-',
dent .of that , organization, and,: other
members of the.gove'rning committee hayo
resigned on account 'of the prosecution'of
Count Potocki and others" for gambling
at the club. , „• «" ; •: >¦•**¦¦
Prosecution of a Russian: Nobleman
for Heavy Gambling Causes ¦)
•' :' - Serious' Rupture. ' . i
yiENNA .TTJEF OFFICIALS \ "}\
.. the; jockey 'clxjb:
AMSTERDAJI,, April 16.^The Handels-
Had says, Queen .Wllbelniina is suffering
.t rom . spinethjng more than . a: passing In
disposition, arid adds that "there was an
other consultation to-day between the at
tending physicians and Professor'Rosen
etein, the pathologist of L®yden Univer
sity. V ;-'. }.-'¦:'¦¦¦¦ '¦ \ ;¦: f;* :• ¦¦¦':. .'
. \ Nleu JVaji .Den Dag says Queen
Wilheimina Is suffering from peritonitis.
fc-rf-=aHB HAGUE, :ApriI 16.^The .condi
"<'.'||w,* .tion of Queen "Wilhelmina isserl
1 > || v- "ous; 'a change for tho. worse sef-
V H ' ting in since morning.' T Professor
."'.- ' • Rosgnsteln has diagnosed her 111
'"ne^s''^fperitotittls.^;A.fatal te*ml|iatlon is
j not assumed. *.-.:• V:~r. -^ !-¦';; %->, ,', ¦;'' : \
'.LONDON, -April 16.— A special dispatch
'from' Amsterdam ' says : Queen ; Wilhelm
ina's condition is : growing more serious.
i This afternoons official bulletin from The
i' Hague, however, declares that, though
i the fever continues, the general condition
\ of ' tKe'Uueiertis'satlsfactory-
NATIVE FEARS
ON THEIR FOES
DECLINE TO TAKE BISK
ON HTJNTINGTOir HOUSE
Widow of the Railroad Magnate
. Complains About the Insur
ance Companies. '
NEW YORK, April 16.— Mrs/ Collls P.
Huntington yesterday filed an affidavit In
1 the Supreme Court at ; Whlte Plains, set
ting forth that she was unable to obtain
the proper amount of insurance upon her
residence property at Throg-gs Neck from
the insurance companies duly authorized
to transact business in this State. Mrs.
i Huntington will ask foreign companies to
'insure the property. - • ¦ .
"When a reporter called at the house of
Mrs. Huntington he was told the reason
Mrs. Huntington could not get the
amount of Insurance she thought the
property should carry was because the
beard of underwriters did not approve the
manner in which the house was equipped
with electric: light wires. For this rea
son the -companies would not acdept the
¦TlSk. ¦ '¦- ¦¦¦ -.-. «;:•:.;¦¦•.'.¦• -¦ - : .-.. ¦-. . "' ¦ ."
MANILA, April 16.— General Malvar
has unconditionally surrendered to Brigr
adier General Bell at Lipa, Batangas
province, with the entire insurgent force
of the provinces, of Laguna and Batan
gas. General Bell says his (Bell's) in
fluence »is sufficient to. quell the insurrec
tionary, movements . in ¦ Tayabas and-
Cavlte provinces and capture all those In
the field who have not yet surrendered,
but Malvar has ordered the complete sur
render of every insurgent to the nearest
American force. General Wheaton,: re
porting' to the division headquarters,
pays that all resistance in his department
has ended, and the surrenders just an
nounced means that/ the ports will be
opened and that the Filipinos in the de
tention S camps will be allowed to return
to . their homes In time . to plant their
crops. ¦ . . ¦-. .• • .
Insurgent Troops Surrender.
Colonel Dickman then gives a . list of
atrocities inflicted bv the Filipinos upon
Americans unfortunate enough to fall
Into their hands. : He.' tells of ambushes
and assassinations and burning of sol
diers by slow fires and of burial alive of
American soldiers, all of which he offers
to prove* in detail. . . ¦.:¦'-;
Sergeant Itiley. Company M,- Twenty-sixth
Infantry,- U. S. V.. states that the publication
inclosed ' was of a private letter and without
any authority -whatever. The tendency of en-,
listed men to <5mw the long bow In such cases
is well known. Major Cook, Captain MacDon
ald and Sergeant Rlley state that no officers or
soldiers of his regiment took part In any so
called water cure proceedings or other threats
agaimt the natives on the occasion stated. . '
The .• reoort of . Lieutenant Colonel
Dlckman. Twenty-sixth Volunteer Infan
try, which was referred to at yesterday's
Cabinet meet ing as part of the Initial
Investigation of the charges of cruelty,
to the Filipinos, was submitted to ; Con
gress two months ago,'- but received very
little attention at the time.- The letter
was written by Colonel Dickman from
the Presidio. San Francisco. ! April 24,
1301. He had been directed to investi
gate Sergeant Rlley's charges that the
water cure was administered at Igbaras.
a fact which he testified to before the
Senate committee last Monday. : Colonel
Dickman made this return in part to the
War Department: • •
Generaj Chaffee states that it is his be
lief that a large majority of the Dat
tos will not- support 1 those implicated in
the murder of American soldiers, but the
minority may be powerful for all the
department knows, and by reason of the
Mahommedan religion which binds all
the people of this tribe together may In
duce many of those still friendly to join
in a religious-- war. against the ..United
States.
It was admitted at the. department-that,
General Chaffee informed Secretary Root
three weeks ago in relation to : the atti
tude adopted by the- Mores,. but it was de
cided" to i keep , the. .news,, secret,- In - ; ~the
hope that General Chaffee by,a,pereqriai
visit to Mindanao would be able to ef
fect a settlement .of the trouble. : Having,
failed to reach an agreement with the
Moros and military operations being
necessary, the department decided thac
It would be unwise to further conceal the
facts, and the message from- General
Chaffee was therefore given to the press.
The Moros have a reputation- of being
warlike, bold and rapacious. The Philip
pine Commission in its annual reports ur
gently recommended ¦¦ that measures be l
tatten to conciliate them, apprehending
that if any friction occurred a prolonged
and fierce war would ensue. Fighting has
occurred with the American troops on the
north coast of Mindanao. v-
The War. Department stated that tit
would be unnecessary to send additional
troops to the Philippines to take the
place of those which were ordered' frotai
Luzon to " Mindanao. General Chaffee
has been given no instructions, but will
order as large a force to the scene of
the new difficulty as he may consider de-'
Srlrable. *j Colonel Baldwin, who is In
command of the expedition -which will
start for Lake Lanao, will, under in
structions given him, endeavor to pre
vent trouble with the Dattos . who are
not involved in the dispute* with 'the*
Americans. • , >- ¦ . ¦¦>, .. ; ;
News Was Kept Secret:
Parang-Parang is an anchorage in Pol
loc harbor, on the west coast of the main
land of Mindanao. Malabang- lies about
twenty miles north on the coast,- and is
connected by a military cable. Lake La
nao is situated about twenty-five miles
northwest of Malabang.
An expedition of ' 1200 men, under • Colonel
Frank D. Baldwin, cavalry and artillery, P is'
being formed to leave for Lake Lanao about
April. 27 for the purpose of arresting the mur
derers and to punish the Danes. Every care - is - :
to be taken not to bring. on. a general war with
the Meros about the lake. It is absolutely im- .
portant that our authority should be respected
by the people and that the sovereignty of the
Dotted States should be fully acknowledged. I
have addressed a letter to this effect to the I
Dattos, at the same time informing them of
the friendly disposition of our Government; j
that the purpose was to punish only those giv-,;
Ing offense; that the Government claims - the •
right to explore the country between' Illana I
and Ilimar bays; that it is my purpose to do so
now and at any other time. For the accom
plishment of this object .it is necessary to re
tain a battalion of the Seventeenth two months
longer. My belief is that the large majority
of Dattos will not support those implicated in
the murders. • ¦ • ¦ . - —
Expedition Being Formed.
With reference to my telegram of , the .23d"
ult.,- reporting an attack by Moros on -a recoji 7[
noiasance under Forsythe. .March 14, a soldier
of the Twenty-seventh Regiment, United State-
Infantry, was murdered by Moros In the vicln- •
ity of Parang-Parang.- March 30 two soldiers"
of the Twenty-seventh "Regiment, United States:'
Infantry, having one gun, were approached .,
with a semblance of friendship" by, six Moros^ |
near Malsbang. The rifle was seized, one sol-':
dier was killed and the other was severely '
wounded, but escaped.. The murder was wHh- ,
out provocation or justification in any f way. j
l*he murderers are known and a demand has
been made for their surrender. Thus' far the'
Dattos have refused to deliver them., I have
been to Malanga and tried to confer with them. .
The Dattos failed to come' or acknowledge .re
ceipt of my request for a conference.
This action "of General Chaffee was
taken after ,tie ; himself,, had , gone from
Manila to Zamboanga for. the purpose. of
endeavoring to peaceably, arrange the dif
ferences between'' the Americans; and the'
Moros. The cause of the .troubled the ne
gotiations which occurred and the dis
patch of the expedition: are thus detailed,
in a message f rem General Chaffee, dated
at Manila yesterday: -•
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, •¦N:
W., WASHINGTON, April 16.— Ftar is
entertained by the administration _ that
the United States has embarked, upon a
serious war with the Morbs of the Philip
pines. The first gun has been fired by. the'
Moros. and Major. General Chaffee has'or
dered an expedition to prepare for an in
vasion of their stronghold to assert the
authority of the United States. 1 : = \"\ ;;
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The- glass works at Courcelles were
practically destroyed • by fire last night.
It is estimated that the damage will
amount to 600,000 francs. It Is believed
the -fire was started by an incendiary.
Disturbances were reported from various
parts of the country to-day. Small bombs
were : exploded at Liege ¦ and - elsewhere.
A bottle filled with i gunpowder was ex
ploded at' the door of a residence and at
the glass ' works at Mariemontj near La
Louviere. . Only : trifling; . damage was
done by the explosion of the bombs. -At
Renaix an earthenware jar, with a fuse
attached to; it,- was discovered on the
threshold of the Catholic Club. The fuse
was extinguished by a- passer-by. The
only' other incident ' at Renaix was | the
throwing of apiece of. lighted /tow into a'
.school.'* T-!..» ;., ••,-¦¦-':-""/¦ "•?. -.vit'j.'- , -' . ;-' Sir 1 r ,-
The strike is. spreading in
About 10,000 men are now out. It is esti
mated, that 300,000- men are out on strike
throughput the.jCbun.try. >; ¦ / A ; •¦; ¦ * ;\
from . Liege announce^ that
2000 striking miners, arid -steel: workers at",
Beralrig had; a -conflict with the troops
there. The soldiers charged and, the strik
ers retaliated with fusillade, of stones.
Some of the' rioters finally sought refuge
in three taverns, , which were wrecked. ¦
Strikers Cause Damage.
The, promised great demonstration in
the | streets on tne adjournment of the
Chamber dwindled to the appearance of
200 persons, who accompanied the Social
ist Deputies to the office of their organ,
Le Peuple, where Van der Velde from a
window addressed the crowd. He said
the day's proceedings in the Chamber had
'.not; modified the situation and that the
Government was still recalcitrant and
had shifted the responsibility for a disso
lution of Parliament, which the revision
ists would demand if the Chamber rejects
the proposal to revise the constitution,
on the King, who thus far had been si
lent. A feeling is gaining ground that the
Government will entirely reject the pro
posed revision of the. constitution.
. The number of strikers in the chief In
dustrial centers are estimated as follows:
At Charleroi, 50,000; in the central district,
25,000; at Borinage, 25,000; at Liege, 30,000.
and at Verviers, 8000. Later In the day
large accessions to the ranks of the strik-.
¦¦*rs at Charleroi brought the total in that
district to 60,000. . .
Government Is Recalcitrant.
After the speech of .Beernaert and : a
speech delivered by Feron, : Progressist,
which monopolized the "entire session and
fell j very flat, . the opening day of . the
great debate on the proposed" revision -of
the constitution ended in what.was,al
most a fiasco.
BRUSSELS. April. 16.--The | diplomatic,
private and public galleries in the Cham
ber of Representative^ were filled' to their
capacity to-day when r the debate on the
proposed revision of the" constitution be
gan. Beernaert, the ¦: former president of
the, Chamber • and "'Secretary of State,
opened the discussion. He .was frequent
ly interrupted by Van der Vfeide >T the-So
cialist leader, with shouts of '•Universal
suffrage is supreme." ... „ . +. + '*>,„
Beernaert expressed the belief, that the
present Belgian electoral system,was.sat
isfactory. He referred to the numerous
social laws passed during the last-fifteen
years at the behest of • the .Socialists, an<i
said the latter's: solt 'recognition 6V ttle
passage of these laws was the declaration
of a general strike, :.. accompanied' - by
threats of violence. ¦ ' * •¦¦' ''¦»
Three Hundred Thousand Men
Are Now Out on a
Strike.'
If the bill should ever .reach a vote
there is no doubt whatever that it will
pass the Senate. \ The discussion of the
bill as a regular order will not be reached
unt41 after the ' Philippine civil govern
ment bill has been disposed of. Whether
the Cuban reciprocity bill or the Hepburn
bill will then have the right of way rests
with the Senate's Committee on Order of
Business.
Undoubtedly the opponents "of Nlcara
guavhave not; abandoned their efforts to
defer -.legislation, at this session. Their
original plan was to postpone all discus
sion of th'e question, just as they did at
the [ last • session after the Hepburn bill
had passed the House. This time they
have been compelled to yield to the senti
ment of the Senate and consent to a dis
cussion of the bill. Only in -this way have
they been able to prevent an- open revolt,
which would long ago have smashed
party lines.
Many of the Republicans in the Senate
who would like to postpone this question
are hesitating because they realize that
there is a tremendous sentiment in favor
of- the, Hepburn measure North, South,
East aJid West, and are convinced that
inaction at this . time means a perilous
defiance of the will of, the voters.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April" 16.— Anti-canal
and Panama canal * Senators who have
been seeking to bury the question of an
interoceanic waterway -for the. session
had an unpleasant surprise to-day, "when
Seriator. Morgan, chairman of the Com
mittee on Interoceanic Canals, gave notice
that he would call up the Hepburn Nica
faKua csmal bill to-morrow for the pur
pose of making a speech upon it. - ,
i Senator Morgan's purpose is to get a
full discussion of the canal question from
the -Nicaragua side before the country..
He. is expected to attack all the claims of
the "Panama opposition and to show that
if the United States is to ever have a
canal il ; must be by way of ¦ Lake Nica
ragua. ,'•;.. . t ¦ .- * .
1 Special Dispatch to The Call.
Members of a t Dangerous
Tribe Cruelly Murder a ,
Soldier. ,
Vigorous Attack Is to Be
' j- Made on the Panama
Opposition.
New Trouble in Philip
pines Alarms the Gov
ernment.
Revision of Constitution
in Belgium Is Not,
Expected/ ,
Opponents of a Water
-way Not Able to Sink !<
' , the Issue.
MINISTERS
WILL REJECT
THE DEMAND
MOROS MAY
WAR AGAINST
AMERICANS
MORGAN PLANS
CANAL DEBATE
2
THE SAN FRAK^
Holland as Peritonitis/
Physicians Diagnose the Illness 1 of the Queen of
WILHELMINA SUFFERS
CHANGE FOR THE WORSE
:,-..,; ;| >• IT CELEBRATED "V ;' /. v.
k.STOMACH'i'r: '•
:; For that: rundown. tired.rfeeiing.
inUhe^SpringV"there!ishb'medicin
toequal, the Bitters. ' -It Avillre-
sto re t he ap pel i te , ; pu r if y, the b! ood ,
arid cure Dy^epsia^IndigestiDii,-
Nervpusiiess; insomnia and'
?La Grippe. 5 ;j , .' ~:\:-\'::': :
lillilioiii.
. . ;To- Cure a' Cold , in T One Day \ ii ;
Take : Laxative >': Broimo-Qulnine - Tablets." i AiT
drufrg-lsts refund the money if • it falls ', to cure '
E. -W. Grove's signature 'Is on each box, 25c. "''
DB. PIEKCE'S REMEDIES.
. ¦ ¦¦¦r-v-----.-'-^
The book-keeper's ||§f//7^ liu
occupation renders
him specially liable to ,^BKMjlf~~rr i T ",.!-;
stomach, trouble. ,- The ¦ • " - - 1 !
hasty breakfast, the (f8B&BSrii<* '¦
"quick lunch," the . : : /HWeBLlE >
long hours sjient in // /fB.I I
stooping over journal U. 11 " *r I i
of exercise, all tend . // •
¦ trie stotHEicxi* } i .' " • ** ¦** /--'•- \ ¦¦ - '¦' f
When the stomach is in a healthy con^'
dition the feeling after ;a meal is one of'
satisfaction ' and- comfort.; Whenevert
there is discomfort after eating it is a 1 *
sign of stomach derangement or diseased
Dt Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery''
cure's 'diseases of .-.the stomach,' and other'
organs of digestion and nutrition perfectly^
and permanently. , .The cures effected byj
this medicine are almost countless. ; ?'
'' "I have-talctn^one'bottleof Dr. Pierce's Golden,?
Medical Discovery for indigestion and liver com-i
plaint," writes Mr.' CM. WilsonJ of Vadkin
College. Davidson Co.VN; C :¦¦:•? Have had na bad ;
spelLn since I commenced takinr your medicine
—in fact . have . not I felt like the aame I man./
Before I took the 'Golden Medical Discovery *.Iw
could not eat anything- without awful distress,'
but now I can eat anything I wish without hav-'T
,in* unpleasant feelings." . * ;, ,;. . ;
/¦; Don't, be 5 fooled -into, t trading a sub^f
; stance ' for. ; %jTshadow.' "' Any i substitute^!, 1
offered as « j ust " as jl good " as " Goldea!
Medical Discovery" is a shadowof 'that ;
medicine. ' Tfhere are cures behind ev^ry.i
claim ; made ¦ fbrj the « Discovery ,". tvhich '
no ? just as good'* medicine can show.t I;
; \ Dr. Pierce's 'Pleasant '> Pellets "cleanse i
,the.bowels and.iregulatethe liven/ They !
* produce * permanent ' benefit *'ahd : "do ' not r
react on the sirstem. ;;
y-1--. ADVEBTTRTiiVrrTNTa ;
fl Blind Man's Story.
J. M. Davis, of Winterset,
Iowa, Went Blind in Four j
Weeks from Terrible In-
flammation of Eye -ball.
Dr. Coffee Restored
Mis Sight.
• ' ;• 3. M. DAVIS. '-... '?'¦=;-*A|'-<
/ The accompanying: cat Is a perfect likeness:
was tak»jn after his sight had been restored by
Dr. Coffee.' Mr. Davis has been afflicted* with
j weak eyes for many years. They- would jret
' better and then worse, and finally a year ago. |
- be was taken with a terrible inflammation of
the eyes, ulcers formed an abscess of each eye-
ball, which . made him. - blind in four weeks :
and having 1 a neighbor who bad been cured by.
Dr. Coffee, he went to him at once and in four
.months cured tho ulcers and granulated lids
and restored his sight. .
Cured of Cataracts. - Granulated Lids and
Scums. Why not let us cure you ? .. . i
Eead what the Rev. P. N. Gravis says about
my Absorption Treatment:
: . Dear Sir— My eyes seem to be almost as
¦ well as they ever -were, and the scums and
. cataracts - are all pone and the lids have re-
j sumed their natural thickness. I have no pain
and no .granulations on them at all. I can see
further and more distinctly thanbefore.
¦' j Thanklnsr you for past favors." I am. • I
M» . Yours most respectfully, :{
Zephyr. Tex. ..REV. P. N. GRAVIS. '
¦ It makes no difference what the trouble is
with your eyes, wrlte'to Dr. Coffee, for his 80-
pagre book. "New System of Treating Diseases
of the Eye." You will find in it some history
'•:' . --- . of a caso ' Just like your own-
> — "^ with photographs from life. Dr.
¦'#<•¦ "A- "Coffee .cures cataracts. . (any ,
If'saifi.i • stage) scums, granulated lids, *
I W l-/ I 'weak or watery eyes, wild bairs,
! Nft. inflammation, falling: sight, in
I : J[ "'., A ~1 fact, any thing but . complete
_^^v y^vSw paralysis of the optic nerve. He-
f »8pv£f/\\ cures you at home with his mild
- *PmC/ ' Y " Absorption Treatment, at small
I VVry' cost. - AVrite for the Big free
¦- - Zr ¦ book tod ay. 1 1 may show you op
some friend the way to sight. - - "''..'•"•
DR. W. 0. COFFEE, 926 Good Block, Des Moines. la.
*§ '-. W^OCEAiT.! TRAVEL.-, - ; ¦_•¦¦• ¦ .' ;'
STEAMERS "WILL. LEAVE "WHARF COR-
ner ; First and Brannan . streets, at 1 p m
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki, and Shanghai and con-
• necting at Hongkong with stumers for India
etc. =No cargo received on board on day of
Bailing.. ". .
SS. HONGKONO MARU.. ¦..:...*.....
' . v. v. . .v ......;: .Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
II AilS^M^uiH^^.^.?!! 1 :. 1^
: ,£......*........ ..Wednesday, June 4th. 1902
, .Round-trip tickets at; reduced rates. For
' '£'*&* ? nd P* 8sa se apply at company* s. of flee.
421 Market street, corner First." -
-•-- ¦ W.H.AVERY, General Agent.
COMPASNIB 8ENSB1LB '., TRAN8ATlilf TIQUB
-DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. \mjLJ
. Sailing every Thursday, instead of 4SK35&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 4" fcW-Wrg
.North River, " foot of Morton street. .
;» First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre,- $45 and upward. GENERAt
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES a^rCAN-
4 ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson . building). New
York, i J. < F. FUGAZI & CO.. ' Pacific Coast
¦Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco
Tickets sold .by all : Railroad .Ticket Agents!
: AMKK 1CAX LINE:
;NEW TORK, SOUTHAMPTON LONDON.
St. PauL.Apl. 2.1, 10 am«Philad*l..May 7 10 am
St. Loul3..Apl.30,10am.St; Paul. May 14. 10 am
¦ RED STAR' L,I\E.
. , NEW YORK. ANTWERP.' PARIS.
Kensington. Ap.23. noon|Frlesland..May 7. noon
Zetland:. Apr. 30. noon South wt. May Xi mooti
:-.• INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO ¦ ¦"'?
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.G. A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y at.
AT>v k ATTRTHVi khtS.
mm carters
8I0OEADMHE
Positively cured by thcs«
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dy»-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating! A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness,; .Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tonsrue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
6 mall Pill. Small Doso.
Small Price
Oakland Water- Front Properfyr
A splendid buy. Large value. now. A
grand investment for the future, nearly
one thousand feet of frontage on Brook-
lyn Basin. .... ¦ .
"With the Best of Railroad Faculties,
The Place Where Water and Rail Meet.
APPLY TO THE
E.R VANDERCOOK CO.,
1O16 Broadway. Oakland, or
Room 32, Second Floor, Mills Building.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAJT TBAVEI*.
; Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ijjv^. Steamers . leave Broadway
lS^~_ Wharf. San Francisco:
EBgWSftj^. For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
MESl*^ifertB. Skag-svay. etc.. Alaska — 11 *.
|«TwKX|« m.. April 16, 21. 26. May 1.
I ¦ li&SSl vra Change to company's steam-
i»SCS«9^l3 ers at Seattle.
pBragHH For Victoria, Vancouver.
"^ "^VaffiBi Port Town3end. Seattle, Ta-
i^ 1 ™*! coma, Everett. New What-
S^5%VvS^ frrp. or Ry Tacoma
For EurekaT (Humboldt 2 Bay>— 1 :30 p. m.,
A For Los 1 AnSle^vuf Port Lo« An»ele« and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-Spo-
ka sute 'of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Loa Angelea <vla San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa^Barbara, te <*"*•_**£
•terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. San L.ul» Oblapo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Haeneme and
•Newport (»Santa Crta only). „ .
CooVBay. 9 a. m.. April 12. 20. 28. May «¦„
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m. (freight only). April 18.
°4 !_
For Ensenada, Magdalena 'Bay, San Joae del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Sanla Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sall-
TICTKJVT OFTTCE — * New Montgomerr
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 ft CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
' LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JUNE 1
VALENCIA ...........JUNE T.
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
I Steamships CITT OF PUEELA and QUEEN/
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re- ¦
spectlvely, connect with 'above steamers. The
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia • made regular trips- to Nome last year,
landing all passengers* and freight -without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nome
. folder; apply Ticket Office. . 4 Nesw Montgom- |
ery street (Palace Hotel). , ... -
i GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.." Gen. Agents.. .
¦--. - ¦ ' ' •- < 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O.R.&N. CO/
• ; ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
• Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
" . XiOWJBSO 1 KJ1THS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS COLUMBIA galls... April 13. 23. May 3. 13 '-
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. : . '_,'.
' ;i.... .April 8, IS. 28, May S B
'•¦Steamer sails trpra foot of Spear. St.. 11 a. m. ' .
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt., I Mong'y.S. f.
f$ambwrg-/kmerican:
. TWIX-SCREW ETPHESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG
,F. Bismarck.... May lIDeutschland ...May 15
Columbia .. ....May 8JA. Victoria..... May 23
TWIN-SCREW PASSEXGER. SERVICK
i PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG. "
Pretoria ......April 29IPatricia .......May 12
Moltke May 6 Waldersee .May M
Hnmburft- American Line. 37 B'way, IV. Y-
HERZOG & CO.. General AgrenU for PaClfl*
Coast, 401 California at.. San Francisco.-
i PACIFIC STEAM NAVIBATIOH GO.
¦ And Gia Sud Americana deVapore;
Tj Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. CentraJ . i
and South American ports. Sailing from How- .
ord 3. pier 10. . 12 m. .
. A STEAMER.. Apr. — IPALEXA.. May* St.
-GUATEMALA.. May 10'COLOMBIA. ,. .June 21
¦ These steamers are built expressly" for Cen- .
. tral and ¦ South American ¦'¦ passenger service.
.(Nj change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight •
and passenger office. 31fi California street.
-> BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu j
...v.r ....Saturday. April 19 ' 2 p.''m. ,'
S3. SONOMA,' for Honol-ulu, Samoa, Auck- • '¦¦'
land and Sydney. .Thurs. ¦ May 1 '10 a. m.' "'
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti... ..:..'......-> - .
- SunctayrMay 4.10 a; m. .
I. D. SFRECKELS k BKQS.CO., Gsmi ills., 329 MM '
Gen'l Pass. Office, 643 Hariet SL, PisrJo. 7. Paciflc si '
panama Rm^r
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
,- . Cabin, $105;, Steerage, $40; Meals Free.'- v
S.S. Argyll...... sails Thursday, May 1 •
S. S. Leelanaw.. Sails Saturday, May 10
From Hownrd-street Wharf. Pier »10. at 2 p. in. '
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
.r. F. CONNOR. Paelfle Coast Agent.
MATUTT7 n.a.t.&lco.'s
n V/iyiJCi. 'Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Sails from Seattle about June 1st
-' . San Francisco passengers and freight trans-
ferred free- to Seattle.
. ¦ Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE. Agents.
¦ — : ¦ -• 630 Market St.. S. F.
BAY AND BIVES STEAMERS.
FiTuTsTNAWi^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
.0:15 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. leaves
Vallejo 7 a, m.. 12:30 noon. « p. m. except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:t5 p. m. Fare 50
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
, office, pier ¦ 2, Mission-street v dock. ', HATCH
SROS.
NEW ADVERTISEMENT.
Advises All Persons Suffer-
ing From Lost Manhood
to Send for This
HAS THE OFFICIAL ENDORSEMENT
Of the XT. S. Investigating Reports—
the American Authority on All
Tilatters of Putlic Welfare.
READ THIS OFFER.
ACCEPT IT TO-DAY.
I have a message to every suffering
and health- broken man in this country.
If you are afflicted with Sexual Weak-
ness or, Nervous Debility. I want you
to read this article and then write to
me. I have a medicine with which I
have cured hundreds of my friends and
others who have written me for it. I
am not a doctor or a sharper, but a
plain business man, and I want every
weak, disappointed and debilitated man
to write to me for a copy of the for-
mula from which this wonderful medi-
cine is prepared. I do not ask you for
money. It is free.
Read the following, by William Cole,
M. D.. Washington, D. C, published in
the United States Investigating Re-
ports, regarding the prescription from
which this remedy for curing Lost
Manhood is prepared:
During the examination of men for the army
during our recent war with Spain, our United'
btates army physicians were shocked to find
a j large a percentage of men disqualified be-
uause of neri-ous disorders. It is not the pur-
. puse of these reports to enter Into a statement
of causes, other than to fcay that the sufferer
is fcoldom to blame. His condition Is Indeed
deplorable; his memory tails him. his energy
gone, his eyesight dimmed, his muscles sort
und his nervous stamina gone. Hs is pitied
by tiices versed in nervous disorders and re-
jjelled fcjf those of both sexes who do not un-
derstand how dark the world is to him.
Some fifteen years ago the writer gave atten-
tion to the ctre of nervous disorders and
iound that the late Dr. Wilson. Professor ot
Chemistry and Practitioner of Medicine in Bel-
levue Medical College of New York, had a
formula of wonderful power to restore to men
¦ the fullnees of • their physical and mental
strersth. In the year Itasz the celebrated Dr.
\\ ilson died and his formula has been obtained
by L. F. Page of 201 State street, Marshall,
Mkliirnn, who prepares it according to tho
original prescription, and lronr our analysis of
the same, by our Lirard of Investigation, we
find it composed of pure and freeh drugs, and
that it is sold under the name of "Pr. Wil-
son's Restorative Remedies." Our investigation
was extended into a great number of similar
preparations, none of which were found equal
to the above, while many were prepared by
those who knew HtUe.«r- nothing'about- thera-
peutics cr.materiatnedica. -We hereby cautioc
the public azainst the vs» of all- unoertahi
remedies and all whe need nerye-llfe -bringing
medicine we recommend them to tike Dt. Wil-
son's Restorative Remedies, prepared and sold
by • L. F. Page, 201 \ State street, Marshall,
Michigan, and , onto th« aforesaid Dr. Wilson'K
Restorative -JJemedies we., extend xhe^ official
indorssraent'trf the United States Investigating
Reports. ; g~£ %
To every one who writes in good faith
I will send the full formula of this
wonderful medicine. This prescription
and full directions are sent free. Have
It filled, or if you desire, you can buy
the remedies and prepare it privately
just as well yourself. One prescription
will make a new man of you. One dose
will be enough to convince you of its
marvelous power.
Among those whose attention has
been attracted by this magnanimous
offer is the Rev. J. S. B. Crawford of
Waynesville, N. C, a very prominent
divine, whose own vitality was serious-
ly Impaired. Being sick of paying
money to quacks and charlatans, who
took his money without doing him any
good, Mr. Crawford had the prescrip-
tion made up and took it regularly, as
he was directed. With this result, he
was perfectly cured, and after several
years of enjoyment of his newly given
powers, made the statement publicly
that every man in need of help should
do likewise.
There are not many ministers who
would.be willing to publicly, indorse
and recommend a cure of this kind,
with the statement that they them-
selves had been cured by it, but the
Rev. Crawford has in him a great
deal of true gratitude and love of man-
kind. This is shown in a recent letter
in which he says that he makes public
acknowledgment "in order that others
may receive the same happy results."
You are older now and can look back
and see the mistakes you . have made,
but you cannot recall the vigor "and fire
. of the springtime of robust manhood.
Your transgressions have left their
mark upon you. Your errors and .ex-
cesses have ravaged your system and
undermined your nerve force. Quick-
ness, backache, nervousness and debil-
itating drains and worn-out, shrunken
and lifeless organs are making your
life a miserable existence, devoid \ of
pleasure. You hesitate and falter; you
are not the man you once were, and
you know it. Cast aside your modesty.
This. matter is too important. Act at
once with manly decision.
This formula is printed and costs me
almost nothing, and I give it free of
any charge. I do not ask it, but -if you
desire to do so, you can pay something
after using it. I want to help- every
suffering: man in America to regain his
health and strength and the ability to
enjoy the pleasures of life as I do. ? :Ad-
diess L. F. Page, private box 777, Mar-
ehall, Mich,
Q aicklx Cared at . Home—Any Lady Can
Do it— Costs Kothins to Try. •
A new tasteless <i*carerj irhlch tun be pivea in te«I
roffee or I wxL Il-artilr endorsed by W. C. T. C . «nd nil
tcraperar.pe wort£«m. It doe* Itt work s n miently and
purely ibat jrhile the deroted wife, sl.ter «r dVaJhtS
fcMfcMm, thedrotiK«Td it reclaims erpn uratnrt hu wNI
» t • I;.; J.-W: Heisesj, S?« Gl«in Eldff., <:inrfnn»tl, oV.ISd
I - *.!. nr,«'l fc£M pactairo of Golden Specific fr*e to
•' ' ~; •¦¦.'"•"•*"** <1r ''nkwd»wlthtljl»remedj-.
FuTl-e!zea boxes oi Golden Encclflc ¦ are for
eale 1n San Francisco by J. R. OATES &X2O
417 Saneoxne n. ' , . . . '- ¦ '
Wk -'-•- B. • ¦¦• : f • ' f:i\
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
far over a Quarter of a century.WASHINGTON,^ April ] I6.r-Land /Com
missioner . Herrman ; .was among^.i those
heard to-day by the v , Housed Committee on
Public Lands on the -question of
the x . public '-: lands. He a expressed ? himsel f
against, the details of the : measure ¦ and
also against the plan as a whole^as'not
bejne Dractl^nJ. ,.-" :-¦ ••• . s ¦->.¦;'¦;•:, rr-
. Opposes the Land-Leasing BilL
Your .First Duty to Yourself
!•¦ to: look .after, your, own comfort The com
fortable i trains fof (the s Nickel ; Plate* Road, ' Chi
cago to New j York and LBoston, carrying; Nickel
Plate ; dining cam. : in ; which '. are '¦ served Ameri
can Club meals at from 35c to $1 each. . al way*
please 1 the i traveling:;' public. } 3A.1,\V.\ ADAMS,
P." : C' P. ' A. v . ; 37 : Crocker ' building/*' San '• Ffau
nlann. P.al. •"; " •= - ".¦.;¦.• .• -. \ .' • \ ¦ ' ,u .'
- Harry '¦¦¦ Smith,' .who -' was .; convicted of
charges ' of battery j and : petty Jarceny . and
sentenced to serve, six months 1 ,; Imprison
ment In the County, Jail on • each charge,
failed to* secure: his :reIeaseTonia'i wrltj of
habeas ": corpus • yesterday . in Judge .~ Gra
ham's -: court. ivThe ' writ ,,was vdenled f and
Smith • was -remanded , s to the. custody, of
the Sheriff. ¦ -*- r : l-f^v ¦..'¦•¦•: ¦•-.•: ¦ - ;¦ ¦¦ p-'
Smith Must Serve Sentence.
Henry C.Luhrs. alias Elmer Cook; well
known in this city and Oakland, was sen
tenced, last Friday at Pueblo, Colo., \ to
the • maximum* penalty of three years', 1 In
the Lcavenworth Mhitary ; Prison,
sas, for forging'checks. Atterihe escaped
from' San . .Francisco", he f'was arrested
March 23,"' 1800, k at ; Cheyenne, Wyo.; for
impersonating an .officer ;", of ¦ the United
States army and for -horsesteailng. On
account of his youth he was sentenced to
an' "Intermediate sentence", at;the*refor
matory at BuenaWista, Colo. Luhrsiv/as
released on "parole, "but was! rearrested
March 20, 1902, . at ; Denver, • Colo., for pass
ing forged checks ; and impersonating- a
lieutenant of the United States army. • In
his- possession- werq»' found blank ichock
books on" the: Nevada', National Bank rand
the First National Bank of San Francisco;
with Ink pads," stencils and several checks
that hadbeen filled! out on the F|rst Na
tional. Bank, purporting to be signed by". I.;
A. Ames,- Quartermaster, United, : States
army; Other 'forged :. checks .were . recov
ered from persons on .whom he had passed
them. ':-¦*.%: '--''¦>¦" '•? ¦•'-¦¦„'•¦* '¦¦ .V- '¦":>. _- ¦¦>;":.?¦ ¦'
< Luhrs paraded . in , San Francisco • and
Oakland three years, ago in a lieutenant's
uniform- and -borrowed - money •; and ran
bills on.the strengrthiof his assumed; rank.:
Shortly 1 before : he 7: left ' this '. city he ' was
engaged" to a' young > lady : of Oakland and
Luhrs>. bought -a\ gold watch? and a dia
mond .-rlngifrom, an* Oakland jeweler.; on
credit.'; \>. :(•'"'¦ --1^ > ' • -*' -: "*. ".'•* '''¦,'¦ "•¦»¦'"
¦JThe culprit isonly.,26 years old. • United
States Secret - Service Operatives .Walker
of; the'.* Denver district > and 'George «W.*
Hazen of the San Francisco district .were
mainly •' instrumental, 4 in -v his conviction:.
Luhrs' ' relatives are respectable ; and ' re
side in Oakland: ' '
personating an Of ficer "and Pass
ing Several Forged Checks.
Oakland Youth Is Convicted . of Im-
fake lieutenant luhbs,
must: serve three ' years
Fairbanks closed before 1 o'clock, the
time set fof voting to begin, and Lodpe
asked for a vote on his amendment strik-
Fairbanks of Indiana said there had not
been a disposition on the part of the op
ponents of the bill to point out' its de
merits and propose amendments,' as much
as to tear down the entire measure that
has been constructed with so much care.
Continuing, he said, he did not believe
that the laboring men of the United
States would threaten -Senators in this
way If their judgment waa not entirely
in accord with their own on any. given
subject. He maintained that Senators
had a perfect right to vote their judg
ment without it being charged that their
votes were influenced by dollars or biased
by politics.
"J am sorry." he said, . "that Senator
Lodge has such an unfavorable opinion
of the working-men of this country, and
as a friend of that class I resent th.s
characterization of their motives."
Hanna referred to the address of Lodge
on this bill, quoting the statement of the
latter to the effect that the omission of
the Chinese exclusion legislation would
be resented at the polls by the working
classes. "HITTa ifAnTiiujTri - .
He then went on to say that both
former Secretary Gage- and former As
sistant Secretary Vanderlip had assured
him they never had advised with Dunn
concerning the bill, and that neither of
them would consider his advice worth
having. Furthermore, he said, the pres
ent Secretary had assured him that he
was not in accord with all parts of the
pending bill. It was also true that the
Secretary of State ne\-er had been con
sulted with reference to the bill, knowing
the treaty with China la involved, and
regardless of the fact that a new com
mercial treaty between the United States
and China is now under consideration by
the representatives of the two countries.
ADVICE NOT SOUGHT.
Hanna then turned his attention to the
connection of J. R. Dunn, Chinese in
epector, with the bill. He read a letter
from Secretary Shaw explaining that
Dunn had been summoned to Washington
last November to give advice In connec
tion with the framing of the proposed
Chinese legislation, and saying that
Dunn's connection with the legislation
was merely advisory In character. Hav
ing laid this foundation for his statement,
Hanna created some surprise by saying
abruptly that "knowing this man as 1 do,
I here state that Mr. Dunn is an unre
liable witness and adviser." He tnen took
up some of Dunn's statements to the
Committee on Immigration, saying that
they merely reflected the character of the
man. He referred to a statement made
by Dunn to the effect that be had been
Importuned to accept his position, and in
timating, Hanna eaid, tnat this impor
tuning had come from President McKin
ley because he had lived In the Presi
dent's town. "If that be bo.", he ex
claimed, "I demand that he produce the
letter."
"Demand and insist upon your support
ing every essential feature of the Chinese
txclusion bill."
This telegTam was, he said, so similar
to all the others received by him that he
had concluded all of them had a common
origin. Whether this was true or not he
reservedv he said, the right' to determine
for himself what were the essential
features of the legislation necessary for
the exclusion of the Chinese and be had
reached the conclusion that all those?
features were embodied in the -existing
law which it was proposed to re-enact by
the Platt amendment and the additions
to them which had been suggested, lie
felt confident that with .the amendments
suggested the interests of the working
men would be abundantly protected.
Hanna was the next speaker. He salil
that he had not intended to ' address . the
Senate on the subject, but that in view
of the fact that he- had received numer
ous telegrams expressing an anxiety to
know wnere he stood with reference to
the bill, he had changed his mind, be
lieving, he said laughingly, that he would
eave postage and telegraph tolls by mak
ing a public address. He then read the
text of one of the messages which _e had
received, which said: .. . '-
HANNA SCORES DUNN.
cowardly race ; it was far better that it
should be taken down and should not
fioat on the seas at all.
8octlon 3— That the Secretary of the Treasl'
ury is hereby authorized- and 'empowered to
make and - prescribe. • and t rom . time t to time
change such rules and regulations as he may
deem necessary and proper, to execute the pro
vl.lons of this act and of the acts hereby ex
tended and continued, and of said treaty of De
cember 8, 1694, and with i the approval of the
President to appoint such agents as" he may
deem necessary for the effluent execution of
said treaty and said acts. .; .
Section 2 — That in case said treaty be ter
mlnated as provided In article six thereof this
acrand tht acts hereby. extended and continued
fchall remain in force until there shall be con
eluded between. the" United States and China ¦«
new : treaty respecting the . coming ; of t Chinese
persons into the United States. and L until ' appro!
priate laws shall be passed to carry. Into effect
the provisions thereof. ¦ . - •. . * •. ,
That air laws now In force prohibiting and
regulating the coming of Chinese persons and
persons of Chinese descent - into the United
States and the residence of such persona therein
bo and the same are hereby. extended and con
tinued, Including the act entitled "An act to
prevent the coming of ¦ Chinese laborers to the
United States." approved September 13 isss
eo far | as the same Is riot inconsistent with
treaty obligations now existing,, in full force
and effect until' the seventh day of December
1004, and 80 long as the treaty- between China
and the United States concluded on March 17
1834, and • proclaimed by the President on the
8th of December, r 1804, shall continue In force'
and said laws shall apply to all territory under
the Jurisdiction of^hevUnlted States and to all
Immigration of Chinese laborers from the Phil
Ippines to the mainland territory, of. the United
States or from one portion of the ; island terri
tory of ( the United States \ to another ¦ portion
of said Island, territory: '-. 'provided,' however
that this shall not apply ilo.. the transit 'of Chi
nese laborers from one island to another 1 Island
of the same group or to any Islands within the
Jurisdiction of any; State or. of . the ' District \>t
Th'e Platt amendment to the- 'Chines*
exclusion measure Is a substitute for thl
entire bill. A3'it-has been" changed and
voted upon. the amendment reads:
FLATT?S SUBSTITUTE.
Lodge of Massachusetts secured an
agreement making the Philippines civil
government bill the unfinished business
of the iSenate, and after a brief 'execu
tive session the: Senate at 6'o'clock ad
journed. >:. ¦ .
The/substitute was further perfected
by an amendment, proposed by Mitchell
providing the -Judicial procedure in exclu
sion, cases in - our Insular possessions.
Before the final vote was taken on the
passage of the substitute bill Hoar gave
notice that he would: vote against the
measure, and In this connection he made
earnest protest against" the principle of
exclusion. He believed* that everything
In the way of exclusion coukl be accom
plished without Involving : the principle
of striking at a particular class or race
Holding as he did that every soul had Its
lights, and that these rights were not
dependent on color or -race, he recorded
b's protest against the measure
The bill was then passed, 76 to 1 Hoar
boing the only one recording himself in
the negative. -\ -
Noes — Bacon. Bailey, - Bard, - Bate, Berry
Carmack, Clark (Mont.), ¦ Clay, Culberson'
Fairbanks, Foster (La.). Foster (Wash.). Har
ris, . Heltfeld, Jones (Ark.), Jones (Nev.) '
Lodge. McLaurin (Miss.), Mallory,- Martin,
Mitchell, Money, Patterson, Penrose, Perkins,
Rawlins, Simmons, Simon, Tallaferro Teller
Tlllman, Turner. Vest— 33. -¦/...•¦ '
Ayes — Allison, ¦ Beverldfe. Blackburn. Burn
ham,' • Burrows, Burton, Clapp, ¦ Clark (Wyo )
Cockrell, Cullom, .Deboe, Dietrich. DilllnBham,
Dolliver, Elkins. Foraker, Frye, Gallinger,
Gamble, Gibson,* Hale, Hanna, ! Hanabroush,
Hawley, Hoar, Kean. Kearns, Kittredge, Mc-
Comas, McCumber, McLaurin (S. a). McMil
lan. Millard, Morgan, Nelson. ¦ Pettua Plait
(Conn.), T Platt" (N. Y.). Pritchard, Proctor.
Queries. Quay, 8cott, Spooner, Stewart, War
ren, 'Wellington, Wetmore— «8.
The decisive vote was then taken on
the substitute proposed by Platt of Con
necticut extending the present exclusion
laws, and this prevailed, 48 > to 33, as fol
lows: ,
HOAR'S DISSENTING VOTE.
Patterson withdrew his amendment, be
ing satisfied that the substitute already
covered the Philippines.
Mitchell of Oregon offered as an amen,d
ment to the substitute several sections of
the original bill .providing for taking out
Chinese certificates in our insular posses
sions, and amendments for. that. purpose,
were unexpectedly carried by the close
vote of 41 to 40. The amendment Incor
porates section 12 the original bill as a
part of the substitute and provides the
methods by which .Chinese residing in the
insular territory 'of the 'United States
(Hawaii excepted) shall take out certifi
cates of Identification, etc. '
provisions of the substitute should not
apply to Chinese coming to participate in
expositions, etc., was adopted.
Patterson moved an amendment to. the
substitute, deslgneu to apply the exclusion
provisions to the Philippines.
Lodge pointed out that the substitute
already applied the same protection to
the Philippines as to the mainland terri
tory of the United States.
• Platt;-of -Connecticut then offered his
substitute extending the: present law. He
said the United States was committed, to
the policy of exclusion and any sugges
tion ' that Senators opposing the bill were
seeking to break down. the exclusion pol
icy was gratuitous and without'founda
tion, but the, pending bill was unnecessary,
it was offensive to China at a time when
we sought her good will and it improp
erly enacted treaty regulations as law. .
An amendment by Mallory adding to the
Platt substitute the sailors' clause, was
defeated— 29 to 50.
An amendment by Cockrell • that ' the
That part of Quay's amendment'admit
ting Chinese Christians was lost without
division, and on- an. aye and no vote the
admission of Chinese soldiers who assist
ed Americans during the siege of Peking
was defeated— 7 to 68. Those who voted
for the amendments were Burton. Dolli
ver, Hoar, Platt of New York, Proctor,
Quay and Vest. . . >. •
Dolliver of Iowa referred in glowing
terms to the heroism of Minister and Mrs.
Conger, residents of Iowa, during the
siege of Peking, and he expressed the be
lief that some adequate recognition should
be given by this Government to those who
aided the: American legationers during
those days of peril.
HEROISM OF THE CONGERS.
Several Senators spoke against the
amendment on the ground that It would
lead to evasion of the law. ' • -
Carmack of Tennessee proposed an
amendment applying . the exclusion to
Chinese- "not citizens of the United
States," and it was agreed to. The pur
pose of the amendment is to allow Chinese
born in the United States or Chinese who
had become ritizens . to return to the
United States if at any time they should
leave this country. - •
Dilltngham proposed an amendment ad
mitting "not to exceed five good faith rep
resentatives of each regularly established
Chinese wholesale house."
Dillingham explained tnat the amend
ment was in the Interest of the growing
commerce between the countries and to
bring Chinese buyers to this country.
Teller opposed the amendment as vicious
and as opening: the door to evasion of the
exclusion laws. The amendment was lost
—13 to 17.
Quay proposed an amendment that ex
clusion shall not apply to Chinese Chris
tians or Chinese who assisted in the de
fense ol relief of the foreign legations
or the Petang Cathedral in Peking in 1900.
In explaining the amendment Quay paid
a. tribute to the Christian religion as the
basis of civilization. . ¦•...
SOME NEW AMENDMENTS.
SEAMAN'S CLAUSE OUT.
Quay exDrgssed his dissent from the
"general howl" against the Chinese as
such. He thought the bill should be much
amended. He said he ' would be In favor
of. excluding all immigrants as well as
Chinese for a term of five years. •
Mallory of Floriflaropposed'tfte. amend
ment and explained the necessity for the
seaman's clause as a measure of protec
tion to American sailors. •"'' ¦ ¦. : ; .
Klkins said the seaman's clause- was a
discrimination against American shipping
and in favor of foreign shipping. As to
the general question, he said we must
exclude "the Chinese or they will exclude
us. He considered the bill a.s opposed to
our treaty with- Chjna.
Patterson supported the, seaman clause.
Lodge's amendment to strike out the
seaman's clause prevailed, 47 to 29, the
detailed vote being as follows: • • •.
Aye» — Aldrlch. Allison, ' Beverldire, Black
burn. Burnham. Burrows, Burton, Clapp, Clark
<Wyo.). Cockrell. Cullom. Dietrich. Dillin£ham,
Klkins. Fairbanks. .Foraker. Foster (Wash.),
Frye. Gallinger. Gamble," Gibson, Hahna. Haw
ley. Hoar. Jones <Xev.), Keene, Kearns. Klt
tredjee. Lodge. McComas, McCumber. McMillan.
AHllard. Morgan. Pettus, Platt (Conn.). Platt
(N. Y.). Pritchard, Proctor, Quarlee, Quay.
Scott. Spooner. Stewart. Warren, Wellington,
Wetmore — I". ¦-"-.:-;
. Noes — Bacon, Bailey, Bard, Bate, Berry,
Carmack, Clark (Mont.). Clay. Culberson, Fos
ter (La.). Harris. Heltfeld. Jones (Ark.), Mc-
Laurln (Mis*.). McLaurin (S. C), Mallory,
Martin, Mitchell. Nelson. Patterson. Penrose,
Perkins, Rawlins, Simmons, Tallaferro, Teller.
TlUman. Turner, Vest — 20.
ing out the provision prohibiting the em
ployment of Chinese sailors on American
ships, known as the seaman's clause.
Several Senators desired to be heard on
the bill and the amendment served as a
text for further discussion.
Stewart of. Nevada supported the Lodge
amendment.
SENATE PASSES A BILL C0HTINUIR6 THE PRESENT CHINESE EXCLUSION LAWS
RATIONS TO REGULATE
"WTBELESS TELEGRAPHY
Germany's Proposition to Hold an In
ternational Conference Accepted
by Great Britain. ,
BERLIN, April ,16.— Breat Britain has
accepted Germany's proposition for an
international . conference '- to regulate j the
use of wireless telegraphy. The other
powers to which the proposition was
made; viz., the United States/France and
Russia, have not yet responded, but the
officials here confidently expect favorable
answers, especially from the United
States, which has taken much Interest in
the matter.
. Germany's suggestion • embraces merely
calling a conference, but without' definitely
formulated propositions for • discussion.
Germany has also asked- the powers to
set forth- in their answers if they. wished
Germany to formulate propositions to lay
before the conference or leave the matter
entirely to the conference.
¦ Divorces , j were - , granted " yesterday to
Evangeline Curnler : from L.-F. • Curniex
for cruelty, "Annie Patten- from Thomas
J. Patten -. for failure to v provide, . Maei
Challiol from Edward Challlol for cruelty,
John : B. Garneau from Idabelle Garneau
for desertion' and Anna : Horn from Bal
thaser Horn for desertion. . ;¦,¦-¦¦
Judge Kerrigan refused. to grant Emma.
Scholz 1 a divorce from A. J. Scholz yes
terday because of the Insufficiency of the
evidence introduced by. the plaintiff. Mrs.
Scholz claimed that, her- husband deserted
her... A ¦¦¦ ,- ?•• - •: ..•¦ : ; * ¦ . ¦•.-..-.
An action for divorce oh the ground of
desertion - was by James W.
Johnson against Annie. May Johnson. He
charges .that 'Mrs. Johnson - deserted him
December 2, . 1900. - They— were - married in
April, 1893.: : ¦•.-...'
' Elizabeth ; "Watson ' is suing James- B.
Watson for ' divorce. . She alleges that for
the last year he has failed to provide for
her. - '-'*¦• - '¦ ¦ .: ' - ' . ¦ '.-,.:¦' ¦ ' ¦
Says His Wife Left Him.
Alexander A7 Waltenspiel is suing. An
nie S. Waltenspiel . f or divorce on the
ground of desertion." They were married
hv this city in September, 1893. He al
leges ¦¦, that his wife abandoned him four
years ago. '. -.,
I Edward';' M. Chapin, wno iwas married
to Isabel . Chapin in ; Nevada in 1884. filed
a suit /or divorce against- her yesterday,
alleging desertion. - He charges that she
willfully deserted him on March 20, 189».
The Chapins. have- five children, the cus
tody.of whom the plaintiff asks.
•_' "1 am sorry, madam,", said Judge Hunt;
"but I donot like to put the little fellow
on the stand. I cannot grant you [ a . di
vorce unlesg you have " other corrobora
tive testimony,"; :--,-' ' V ¦ •-/..";
- Machado'. s attorney then admitted that
his client had told him his wife's charges
were true and Judge.Hunt|promptly>or
dered; him to. secure -the, presence,- of
Machado ¦ in court at the afternoon ses
sion. The case was heard at 4:30 and Mrs.
Machado was ¦ freed from the • brute and
given; the custody of the three children
and her share of > the • property.'* - .¦>.'"¦•
. "My little ones," said the little woman,
with ' tears . streaming down \ her ¦ thin
cheeks, "are: the only ones who 'know 'how
their - tatherNtias treated me. I was-al
ways too much ashamed to let my neigh
bors know, of ' the way I was . treated." --'• •
Ashamed -to. Tell ; of Cruelty.
Mrs. Machado -appeared In [court twice
yesterday.""; The hearing of her ~> suit was
on the calendar- for the ' morning ; and she
appeared,', but • with no j one to corroborate
her -story of-: her -husband's brutailty 'but
her; son. aged.5.. Judge. Hunt '.wOuid 1 not
allow the 'little fellow to testify and. asked
tne mother why she had no witnesses. ':
/ "Take your decree, madam," said^Jud]ge
Hunt,.: gazing' with, disgust «a't . Machado
and saying [ to him:; "That will do, sir."--
;; This' shameful admission was made : in
Judge 'Hunt's V court yesterday ; by, John
Francis '.Machado. 1 ' a' barber in: the Mer
chants' Exchange | building."; He : is ; being
siied ; for . divorce v by .; Florence > Elizabeth
Machado^- a" care-worn little woman, w-ho,'
with : her three children, sat within , a few
feet of j the self-confessed ruffian on -the
witness v stahd.'i she '(. shuddered percepti
bly |as her husband made the admission.
A look 'of fear- appeared" inher v eyes and
slie ¦ instinctively/ gathered her little ones,
each of whom' was crying bitterly, closer
to' tier. ' .-. ¦'.', ¦¦."'¦ '¦ ['*'¦'¦¦ ' ' : . ¦ . ¦ ' '
"Yes, I abused her. I kicked her a
couple-, of : times -a. week and struck' and
Choked^ her.'* -.- '
H. C. Smith of Michigan closed the de
bate for the day with a strong speech
against the bill. If the pending bill had
originated j on the Democratic side, he
said, where it should have originated, the
Republican leaders, Payne, Dalzell and"
Grosvenor, would have ridiculed it out of
the House. At 5:15 p..m. the House ad
journed .yntil 11 a.' m. to-morrow. -
.: Bell of Colorado also opposed the bill,
arguing that it was utterly indefensible
from any standpoint, in that it proposed
to take the tariff off raw material and
leave .untouched the tariff on the refined
product. He criticized severely the atti
tude of the Democrats toward the bill.
He said they taunted their Republican ad
versaries with supporting, a measure that
was "20 .per cent Democratic, forgetting
that in advocating' it . themselves they
were accepting ' a measure that was 80
per cent Republican. • - .
.". Roberts of Massachusetts, Patterson of
Tennessee and Cochran of Missouri spoke
for the bill. Bar tlettcf Georgia opposed
the bill and in /the course of his remarks
criticized .Richardson,- the -minority lead
er, for hls\failure to file his views on the
pending measures. He declared that if
Democrats were -to support* Republican
measures the ranking I minority members
of the Ways and Means Committee should
be able to' furnish good reasons for such
a course. Corliss of Michigan in oppos
ing the bill ¦ said if did not embrace the
first principle of reciprocity. •.
• Broussard v of ' Louisana made an Im
passioned. speech against the bill, which,
he said," would ruin the can© sugar in
dustry-of Louisiana and transfer It to
Cuba.' Broussard is a sugar planter and
said^ that this year, in view of this .pros
pective : legislation, he had thrown his
cane seed away and planted his fields in
rice. . ¦ . ¦. -¦¦¦
. WASHINGTON,, April 16.— The friends
of i the Cuban reciprocity bill won; a . bud
stantlal'. victory in the House to-day by
carrying a motion to close general debate
on Friday. at 3 o'clock. "Tne vote was 152
to ; 123. Thirty-three^ Republicans k voted
against the motion, but this defection was
offset by thirty-two Democrats, who voted
with the great body or the Republicans
for . it. The . strength \ of the Republican
opposition to the bill; judged by this vote,
has decreased six since the .vote* . was
taken on the motion to go into' committee
of the whole to consider, the bill, when
the vote stood 167 to 80.- »
Louis M. Slater, private secretary for
Superintendent Leacn, ¦ was reading from
his shorthand notes 'the statements- made
by Dimmick to Roberts and Leach ¦ when
the hour of v adjournment arrived. The
trial will be -resumed at 11 o'clock tnls
morning.: y.- ¦-¦¦ .¦'¦¦¦¦-- '¦ ¦'¦ ' . ¦ ¦'. r. j
. W. H. Williams, doorkeeper in.the^Mlht,
was another. man who.saw'Dlmmlck with
a v dress; suit case entering the Mint be
tween half-past 7 and-8, o'clock in the
morning in the early part of 1901. ...
George D. -Roberts, Director -of the
United States Mint, testified that Dim
mick in July; 1901, made a statement to
him and Superintendent , Leach, ; in • which
the prisoner denied , ever ' having had a
dress suit in his possession.
Denied Having a ; Dress Suit.
Andrew Hedrick, formerly a street' car
conductor, told how Dimmick • boarded an
electric car at Fifth and Mission streets
with a dress suit case. Dimmick got off
at the ferry. < .This ¦ evidence • was followed
by the testimony of William H. Miner.a
conductor on the Oakland cars. In Feb
ruary or March, 1901, .-.the witness saw
Dimmick leave the Berkeley train at Six
teenth-street station and, ride in his, car
to Myrtle .street.' He had a dress suit
case with him. That ': was ' between the
hours of 6:30 and' 8:30 p.'m. .P. J.' Law,
another conductor, saw Dimmick ; get on
his car ¦ with : . the dress suit case at the
Blxteenth-street station in Oakland at 1
o'clock in the. morning in the same month.-
Night Watchman i William' H. Decker
testined-that at ten minuted before mid
night of March 18, 1W1, he - saw tae de
fendant come out of the chief clerk's
room and pass into the street. ; - »; .
L , J. Silverstein, aged 17 .identified the
prisoner, as the , man who In February,
1901, bought "a dress suit case f rpm . Sum
merlleld & Homan on the southeast corner
of Market and Fifth -"streets,-* He ordered
the case sent to the address of Mrs. Perry
in the 400 block on'McAllister street. Dim
mick gave the witness a "tip" on -that
occasion. : About two weeks ago -the wit
ness' found Mrs. Perry "at 483 AIcAilister
street, a lodging-house, and asked:' her
about .the incident. - Mrs. ; Perry said that
she remembered;.: having •received the
dress suit case for; a short man.
Buys Dress-Suit Case.
Watchman Muller corroborated the tes
timony of Watchman Ellis as to Dimmick
leaving the Mint building ; with the suit
case in his hand In February and March,
19U1. about midnight. " : On on« of those oc
casions the witness crossed -the bay with
Dimmick and thesultcase at 12:35 a. m.,
and saw Dimmick •¦¦ set oft at the Six
teenth-street station in Oakland. _ -
Doorkeeper C. h. Metcaif told how he
saw the defendant going* into the' cash
iers office several times after office hours
curing tne early part of the year 1901. On
June td Dimmlck asked Metcaif to note
tne time of his arrival and departure.
Mr. Donnelly was with DimmicK. When
the witness remarked thafrne did not un
derstand why Dimmick had maae that re
quest the defendant replied that he J did
it- for self-protection. /That, happened
about ten minutes before midnight. Ac
cording to the rules of the Mint- certain
cuuclais, Including Dimmick, were allowed
to visit the building after office hours. On
June 30, 1901, the witness at Dimmick's
request accompanied him to the casnier"s
oince where Gimmick took a book out
of the cashier's drawer. . The. witness in
May or J une of 19ol saw the accused leav
ing • the Mint with a small satchel in his
hand between 6 and. 7 o'clock in the even
lrizr.
The Ever-Present Dress Suit Case. ,
In February, a 1 month before the episode
of the coin - sacics," Kins saw- Danmick
coming out of the door of his omce at
midnight with a dress ' suit case in his
hand Shortly beiore -DimmicK emerged
trom. the room with the two coin j sacks
hillls heard a noise as of : a -¦ cioset I door
being shut, and immediately afterward or"
a man alighting on ms : leet from the
counter to the noor,\
The prosecution * in V the Dimmick , case
played its; big; trump ;. card -yesterday ?tn
the testimony of ; Cyrus I E. Ellis, \ a: Mint
watchman. Mr. Ellis swore that shortly,
before midnight on March 18; v 1901, he I saw
Dimmick come ; out of . the receiving room
with'two canvas sacks in his hands. .The
sacks' contained gold pieces,"; in^ his opinion, 1
because they what- were known' as
gold I coin j sacks , and ' they were": so" heavy
that Dimmick's right shToulder^ was -low
ered* as : he. walked s' along Uhe j corridor
with : them. Kliis: saw, ? Dimmick go Unto
the ' Superintendent's room,, and about , five
minutes later emerge ; with . a dress suit
case' in his .Viands, which :he took out '¦¦ of
the .building 7 , with him. ; The 1 witness
thoughtit strange at the time that Dim
mick did not say ""Good-night', 1 or J'Good
evening" to him and. the other. watchmen
as he left.' Ems toid' hisl wile! and [daugh
ter about this episode ;,when t he -.wenV to
breakfast: the next morning, but, he said
nothing about it j to the Mint omciais un
m jmy ul tne same y ear , "¦¦ after tne ais
covery oi ttie ! snortage - naa " been made
public 'ihen he told captain Hawesand
buperintenuent i-rtjHch aoout wnat he haa
seen. ¦• ' ' . : 'i.y-
Thought He Heard Dimmick Jump.
Debate on the Tariff Propo
sition to Be Closed
To-Morrow. •
One Witness Says Accused
Left; Mint With Full, ;:
- '• Coin Sacks. v.
Judge Grants Much- Abused
Little. .W^oman Decree .-.
\ of Divorce. ..;/>•
House Members De
nounce Reciprocity
\ Measure. ¦
JV Machado Shamelessly;
Confesses Brutal
fictions/
Testimony Against Dim
• inick Is: Growing '
i Stronger.
BEATING WIFE
HIS PASTIME
SHARPLY SCORE
THE CUBAN BILL
WATCHMEN TELL
DAMAGING TALES
THE; SAN FBANCISCO CALL V THra
Continued From Page One.
3
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASSTf.
Offlce 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-2O.
There's No
Necessity for Discossing
The quality of United States Laundry
work; it speaks for itself in tones of no
uncertain meaning to those who are par-
ticular about their linen.
One package of yours here will con-
vince you that 'twill speak encourag-
FIVE DOLLAR
|p|5|§|^i§| ELECTRIC BELT
f P?fa«a- K ii£a^<^_-<at4: If Same as other*
HM^^sS^MF sell at $15 and
>y*3bsiKids«!ifr*»^ $20. Guaranteed
. s/i «£. - ful current. Latest . im- i
*S2i?^ ' provementa. It cures
. . <?RV without medicine. Not
sold by agents or druggists. No discounts. .
Free by mall on receipt of price. Circulars-
free.' Ask for the "'Dr. Alden Electrlo
Belt." • i-Call or- address the •" P1KRCB-
ELECTRIC CO.. 2O«»Post. St.. S. V.
December 15, 190a— This Is to eartlry that 1
was suffering- for fifteen years from Bright'*
disease of the kidneys and a tumor oa my left
lide I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me anyrellef. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of
115-117 Mason st.. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write- this In my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
sufferers may be relieved, and I will be glad ta
certify to this in person to any on* that max
call upon ma at my residence. •
MRS. JOHN AIXANSOI*.
Orchard ave.. Elmhurst. Alameda County. Cal.
8AN FRANCISCO. Oct. «. l«00j--T» whom
It may concern: Tnls ta to certify taat DR.
WONO HIM of 115-UT Mason et.. San Fran-
cisco, ha» cured me of kidney troubU and
rheumatism, and I am happy tomtli till*
¦tatement. a» I tod the Doctor •trlctJy honest
In every sense of the word, and aa honorabU
inan in all hi» dealings. • DR. C. A. OAT.
Dentist. 802 Second ave., Seattle. Wash. ;
January 21* 1902-
TO THE PUBLIC
I ban been wonder-
i SfloHfta fully cured of flta and of
, jgSnBgi hip trouble by th« fa-
5?3 xnoua herb doctor. Won*
S-c! Him. of 115-117 Mason
/% » i it., 8. F. I wu nearly
fc&& i dead when I cam* to
syP->» / . him and the flt» I had
»*J_^ / were dreadful, but I am
v<5 V* F 1 'g^. tulaying perfect . healtb
*&St>>J^. *ftSv?^ now. I can tell any ona
* tH'S^^FtZtffi^Sk* of **•• ' Tn-ndertul enrv*
" *SSS*«S-^^ be baa mads for mo.
I came from Meridian, Sutter County, /SaL. to
aumeais. Meridian. Sutter County. Cal.
Established 1823.
. I tial S nil;
iAKE JOSEPH. Recresentatlve, 300 Battery Street, San Francisco.
Ill A MAN!) nVF^ color feathers and ribbons.
l/iAJHMU IJIEJEasy. Excellent. Economical.
"Last winter I had blood poisoning,
caused from* a cut on my finger. This
formed an abscess under my arm, and I
was in the hospital for three weeks. At
times I felt as though I was going out of
my head. When I touched the end of my
spine I felt the shock in my bead at once.
My - memory was poor, and I sometimes
forgot my neighbors' names. Sometimes
I had pains in my left side Just below my
heart, and a presentiment of evil was
continually with me. Paine's Celery Com-
pound has given me a new lease of life,
and I hope others will try it."
Thousands of sufferers burdened with
some form of disease, the result of im-
pure and poisoned, impure or sluggish
blood, will thank heaven that their at-
tention ha3 been directed to tha -great
fount of healing after a perusal of the
following letter written by. Mr. J. Arget-
slnger of 2722 Fourteenth avenue. Minne-
apolis, Minn. :
Remember that "Paine's" is tha kind
that cures. At all times refuse the some-
thing just as good offered by soma deal-
ers. —
To be clean, sound, vigorous, healthy
and happy you must use Paine's Celery
Compound before the advent of the hot
summer days. At this time the vitalizing:
and health-giving: Vork of Paine's Celery
Compound shows quickly upon the blood,
which Is purified and -made rich with,
nutriment that builds up the nerves and
tissues.
Is your blood Impure, poisoned or slug-
gish? It must be If you have eruptions,"
boils, pimples, blotches, : running sores,
eczema or salt rheum. "With such trou-
bles and ailments the blood Is fast carry-
ing: disease and death to the body.
A Cure oF Blood Poisoning
that Has Commanded the
Attention of Thousands.
Vitality .and Health.
Is the Fountain of Health from
Which the Disease Laden May
Draw a Fresh Supply of'
Paine's Celery Compound
The Majority of People Have
Impure and Poisoned Blood
Coursing Tbroagb the Body
' in Springtime.
DR. HALL'S UE1N VIGOR ATOKgf^ra
Stops all losses In 24 hours. J"ive jiAjjp"'feEl
. ', hundred reward for ; any case wa §P» KSSn
cannot . cure. : This secret rein- ' 3 sj
tdy cures Emissions, Impotency, §£19 P2a
V*ricotele, Gonorrhoea.- Gleet. '¦ BWI -Pnrt
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- lyl'l LiUl:
hood and . all other wasting ef-* S^3_S^
' f ects of self-abuse or excesses. ' EEtfisLri-*
. Bent sealed. $2 bottle: 3 bottles. $3; swursataed
to cure any . case. Call > or address order)
- HALL'S - MEDICAL, 'INSTITUTE.- 855 Broad-
'{¦ way. . Oakland. Cal. Also ¦ for sale at 1073 4
I Market »t_ S. F. Send for itf book.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND.
San Francisco. Cal. '
Now York, N. Y.
¦ .. • . _. ¦:
The excellence of Syrup of Figs comes from the beneficial effects of the plants used in the
combination and also from.the method of manufacture which ensures that perfect purity; and
uniformity of product essential in a perfect family laxative., AH the members of the family
from the youngest to the most advanced in years may use it whenever a laxative is needed and
share alike in its beneficial effects. We do not claim that Syrup of Figs is the only remedy of
known value, but it possesses this great advantage over. all other laxatives that itacts gently
and pleasantly without disturbing natural functions, in any. way, as it is free from every ob-
jectionable quality or substance. To get its beneficial effects it is always necessary to buy the
genuine and the full name of .the Co.— California Fig Syrup Co.— is printed on the front of every
package. ' : : . ¦
Wifli a proper.understanding of the fact that many physical ills are Of a transient char-
acter and yield promptly to the gentle action of Syrup of Figs, gladness and comfort come to
the heart, and if one would remove the torpor and strain and congestion attendant upon a con-
stipated condition of the system, take Syrup of Figs and enjoy freedom from the aches and
pains, the colds and headaches and the depression due to inactivity of the bowels. In case of
any organic trouble it is well to consult a competent physician, but when a laxative is required
remember that the most permanently gratifying results will follow personal cooperation with
the beneficial effects of Syrup of Figs. It is for sale by all reliable druggists. Price fifty
cents per bottle. ; v w>^'V' ; . ''- ¦¦ ;• V ¦'¦' ¦
Health will come with all its blessings to those who know the way, and it is mainly a ques-
tion of right-living, with all the term implies, hut the efforts which strengthen the system,
the games which refresh and the foods which nourish are important, each in a way, while it is
also advantageous to hare knowledge of the best methods of promoting freedom from unsani-
tary conditions. To assist nature, when nature needs assistance, it is all important that the
medicinal agents used should be of the best quality and of known value, and the one remedy
which acts most beneficially and pleasantly, as a laxative, is— Syrup of Figs— manufactured by
the California Fig Syrup Co. t-: : .. ' ' •
Louisville, Ky.
1 I me&s\ire jfl
I A man wrote us from the country the
I ..o'.her d-y a. letter, in substance as follows :
H - _*' -^Tused to' p'ay^m'y tai'or here in town about :
i$2o_a suit and get\two suits. a year. '-. I am now
1 : Avriting;you for another one of your £10 made-
i . :;tp-;crder;suit?. ; 'I His makes "my third suit-frbm
I '.';you.:-^vnstead ; ; of -paying.'- $_2p: for a suit I have |
I- 'decided to orde^our : suits a year from you at .1
I : $16 each.^ : - ; " This ,. way;. ;I:; get a new suit: much |
B oftener, and 1 always Joqk better dressed." 0
1 ¦/ , : J'/ There's Ipgicin th.u : talk: It is not only .1
I sensible, l : utnt, shows "a spirit ;of economy and: |
I ¦ a d?sire for neat and stylish, dress. : 1
I Remembfr, in buying a suit here you get .1
I a^ye;rjs ; re pairing free:- We sp:nge, repair and" |
1 w^press a suit /without ch2rge- any. x time thatjt is 0
: |rsent:intb»t:s.; ;:';..;. : : , |
W satisfactory fit assursd through our self-measuring system— U If 4j §1 ra|| v>V^^
1 718 Market; Street arid M
i Xor. Powell and Eddy Streets |1
. &• •¦-.'.-'''¦. - : r\ . ¦ -¦. ¦ ., '^BESSsSBSmBtSESBEK ¦ •¦ MTHE CALL'S RACING'PO'RM-OHART
O AKL AND RACETXtACTK— Wednesday , April 16.— Weather. .fine. , Track 1 ast. ..
3OO5. - FIRST RACE— 6^ furlongs; Belling; three-year-old" colts and geldings;.' to Hrat, »32S. *
~^ ! "^ " -• -o- • •• *'.••.> '¦ ~ -I -.-..-•• L--4 ¦>¦<":::'¦;¦¦'¦•.¦:¦ ¦ - Betting. ¦'
Icarx Horse and Weight. St. \$. ¦:¦%. Str. v FJn. .1 .-Owner and -Jockey.; •„. Op.- • Cl. ¦.•¦':'
(.•»7T) Royal Rogue 114 2 2% 2% 2 1>^ 1.1 J. C. Nealon. ".....Coniey 1.4-5
S565 Kllldoe 114 3 4 3 4 4 4 4 2 3% B..- Schreiber Troxler; 15" 15
3592 |GIendennlng 114 1 1 2x4 11: In 35 Montana Stable.. McCarty 2,2
(3551) E. M. Brattaln...ll4 4 3 13 2 3 >,<, 4 2% W. L. Stanfleld: .. .Hoar 8 1Q
3511 Myriad Dancer. ..114 8 5 2 5 3 5 3 5 4 Paplnta ..Campbell 100 500
Augie ..*14 6 ,63 -02 65 Cn C. W. ChappelI..Watrbry 30 200
35G9 Breton 112 7 7 l^i 7 10 7 15 7 25 Mrs. Lottrldge.. Bozeman 60 , 200
Theron .114 5 8 ...8 8 8 P.- McAullffe. .....Hafiey v 30 , 200
3544 Huachuca ,:117 Left ' ¦ ... ... .:". . G.'-W. Baldwin. ,L,. Daly 'P , 10
Time — Y*. :25; %, :50%: 5V6f, 1:08%. Good start. Won all out. Second and third driving.
Winner, J. C. Nealon' s ch. g. by Rey del Sierras- Jessie R. Royal. Rogue- will take some
beating In any kind of company. Kllldoe was excellently ridden. Glendenntng quit. Brat
- tain in a poor position to show his speed. Scratched — Rublno 114, Sollnus 114, Maraschino
,^^^^_~~^~^~~~^~.~- '-w>--w^w>l^-^^->-^_^i-l-^w>-w^^-l-^-J ' ' "' U^wwwvi,' :
36OG. SECOND RACE — Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first, $325. '
_ _ __ , ___ . . . . _ — — - - — — BeUlng . .
Irdex Horse. Age, Weight. St. \>4.-> . ' %. ' Str. Fin. - Owner and Jockey. .. Op. Cl.
3601 McNamara, 6 110 10 0 2 5 ',2 2 n 1 n ¦". Magrane * sCo. .Frawley . 6 7
S587 Kl Pilar 3 05 2 1 1% 1 1 ' 1 h 2 3- Burns & Waterhs..Donly "8 6-2
S595 Billy Lyons, 4... .108 6 7 1% 0 1 51 • 3 4 J. B. Bortano Feary 40 CO
3567 Forest King; 3 100 1 2n 2h 4 % 4 hi S. J. Jones .Butler .15 20
8581 El Rey, 4 106 3 3 1 3 1% 3 h 5 2 P. C. Donaleche. . ..Hoar 20 20
3509 Royal, Prize, a. ...110 5 6 n 10 1 6 1 0 3 G. Paeheco... ... .. Prior 30 '20
3089 Ulloa. 0 100 7 4h 4L71 7n A. B. Spreckels..Brodlen .15 20.
8595 Brutal; 4.... 112 11 11 11 10 10 8 1 B. Schreiber. ... ..Conley 6-6 13-10
3564 Elmer L,. 4 ..109 8 10 1% 8 % 9 2 9 4 Klunder & Burns..Vickry 60 100
3521 Invlctus, 4 106 9 8 h 9 n 8 ** 10 10 James Wilson •;.'. .8ee 6 10
3559 Slap Dash, 4 108 4 5 1- 7 1. ll 11 J. V. Klrby. . . .Bozeman 20 40 '
1 Time— Vt. :24%; Vi. :49%: %, 1:15%; mile, 1:43; 1 1-lCm," 1:49^ Bad start. Won nrst..
three driving.- Winner, W." ; P. Magrane St. Co.'s • b. g. by The Bard-Athala'rlc. Frawley
"¦ rode a nice race on the winner after getting away badly. El Pilar none too game. Fores*
King -will win shortly. ¦ Brutal not straight when barrier went up. Scratched — Berendos 106.
3CO7. THIRD RACE: — Four furlongs; two-year-olds; to first. *325. ¦ - - ,- '¦'.-"'
/ ... -.'¦¦¦• ¦ " : '.-"'. : ';...-' Betting.
In«ex Hone and Weight. St. ".."%. %.. Str. »Fin. ' Owner and Jockey. Op., Cl.' . ,:•¦
3329 Ml Reina.. 1 107 3 '...'• 1 n, 2 % l'h ' Baldwin & Co.. '.Bozeman ! 6 .. 12 ¦'
3558 Deutschland 113 4" .... 2% lh 2 1H B. Schreiber. .... Troxler 6-5 7-6
3594 Clarinette ...110 0 ... 31!4 3 n 3 2. . H. J. Jones;. ,riee K 10' 25
(3510) W. J. Dickey 118 1 ... 4 n . 4 h 4 5 L. A. BlaRingame..Foucn • 8-5 13-10'
3566 Dotterel 110 6 ... 63 5 1 5 % < F. J. O'Rourke. . ..Hoar 10 25
K5S2 Preetolua 105 2 ... 7 2 7 5 6 4 Jennings & Co.. .L. Daly - 40 , ; 30;
3594 Tom Mitchell 110 7 ... 5 % 6 2 7 10 G. P. McNeil Conley ,7 7
8558 Jockey Club... ...118 8 ... 8. 8 8 W. Fisher .Frawley 50 300
TimeMi, :25; Vi, :49^4- Good start. Won_nrst three driving. Winner, E. J. : Baldwin &
Co.'« b. f. by Santiago-Leola. Ml Relna' : api>arently left an earlier call with the night clerk.?-
She bumped and carried out Deutschland and should have been- set > back. ' W. J... Dickey',
' didn't hear the barrier go up. He can do better perhaps. Scratched— Elfin King 118, Do
namlllj^OrgaBdlell^TheFo^^ |
3«S0S. FOURTH RACE^-One mile; Recreation Handicap; 3-ye&r-6lds "and up;: to first, $400.
> . - ' I Betting. ; -
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. Y*. - Va- Str. Fin. ' Owner and Jockey. ; Op. CLA
SS'S Process Titania, 4.100 2 3 3 3 Ins ICaesar Toung... Donnelly 4-5 6-5
2542 Sister Jeanle/ 3... 102 1 2 214 2 2% 2 n 21' Jennings & Co.. .L.' Daly 2' 16-5
S513 Headwater, 6 104 3 1"1%-1 XVi 11 3 . . Jones & Co. ...... .Hoar 2 :¦¦ 2 1
Time— H, :20; %. " :50; %. '1:15%; mile, 1:41. Fair start. Won flrst'three driving.' Win
ner. Caesar Young's br. m. by MaeBetto-Queen Titania. Had Daly not exceeded Vorders In
waiting with Sister Jeanle his mount could have won, Headwater, never could ; make the.
pace and win. Scratched — The Pride 10&_ ' "-^L l'--_ J'^'J^l ¦! J'J '¦¦ "' -'<•<,:¦-.
3OOO. FIFTH RACE — Seven furlongs; .selling; three-year-olds and:Up;.to first, -$325. "¦ .¦¦' ;.
' J • ¦ -. rV.- '¦¦¦--: v= Betting..
Index Horse. Age, Weight. St. y t . , .%. Str. . Fin. Owner arid Jockey. ¦ Op. , Cl.
3565 Ishtar, 3..... JD7 8 10 4 6 1 1% 13 . A.. Josephs. .....Donnelly : 4 ,2
S559 Devereux, 5 107 10 Oh 7n 2n 2 2^1 S.-Merrlwether. ... .Prior ..' 15 . 30
8574 Bernota -4..: 105 8 7 4 BH-4%' J.H: Burns & .Waterhs/.Troxlr g -2 16-5
3571 The Singer, 5.. ...Ill 1 1 h 4 Vt 8 h 4 44 Magrane & Co.. Frawley 6 12
3598 Our Lizzie, a....'. 106 2 3nlh51 5n Ted ' Hayes.. ...Wlnslette 5 0
S543 Royalty, 3 ;...102 11 11 10 h 01' 6 3 ' W. B.Slnk Jr...L.Daly 6 12
S577 Fondo, 4 100 0 9 1 9 1 7 2 7-h P. G. Lynch.:.. .Vlckery ,20 15
(3562) Klckumbob, 5 109 3 .2 % 8 4 8 % 8 % L. O. Walz...Burllngame 6 v 15
3015 Tony Lepping, 4.. 105 5 8 h 11 10 9 6 Newman & Egan. ...See 15 60
338.1 Ran Venado, a. ...110 7 4 h 3 1 11 10 10 T. T. Rector. .. .A.- Kelly 10 20,
8598 Mike Btraiw. 6. ..107 4 5 1^ 2 n "9 1 11 |W. E. Cotton ..Hoar ¦ 6 ¦"¦¦¦¦- 5.
Time— M.' :23%; r ;%. &i\ %, 1:15; %, 1:28V4. Fair • start." : Won easily; Second ' and third '
driving. Winner/ A. Josephs* b. f. by. Sam Lucas -Icalc. Ishtar best. -. Bernota quit. .'Dev
ereux ran a.swelj race. Royalty away badly. San Venado can do much better. Scratched —
The Hoodoo*102' '* - ¦ ¦ ' / ¦ ¦ ¦ ' • ¦ " "'
3<f 10. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; three-year-olds and,up; : to first," $325."
7~ .''.-.• •'¦ ••• - ¦-¦ ~ ~? ¦ ¦ ¦• ¦ ~ ~ i •¦-.. --' . ¦•¦¦ Betting.
Index Horse, Ag«. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin." , - Owner and Jockey. ' Op. ..Cl.. '
S587 Straggler, a...... 114 6 1 1!4 1 H 1 n In O..W. Bocsecko;: Romero ; 8 .10
3505 Plan, a ......110 1. 2% 2%, 2% 2 3 J.Conway..:... Frawley :- B»2 ,V.>; 3 ¦
3538 Merops, 6.. .^...110 8. 8 % • 5 n — 8T% " 3 n . '. P.:D. -Weir." ;:Hoar ,0 ; 9-2
35R0 Anthracite, 5.... .110 11 9 % 8 3 , 5 h 4 U, A. G. Blakely .;.Howson 6 7
3571 Alicia.. a.. ..108 5 6~% 3 h 0 1 5 1, P. Moore.,... Fauntleroy " 8 ' 10
35S7 Canejo. 5 108 7 4h 6% 7 2 62 Owen- Bros. ... .".. Troxler • 10/ ¦¦- 15
(3595) Elfonse. 4.. 100 9.71 41 ,4 Vj 7 1 C> P. Flnk..;:..Vickerj' '6' "10
(3581) Mam. Hlldreth, 4.105 10 . 10 2 -7-«-81 8-4- G. Burger See 10 . 10
(?;567) Tufts. 3 :..101 4, 3 % 91 9 19 3 C. W. ChappelL.Watrbry }¦ 10 ... .15
3549 Elm>tein,6.... 110 3: 11 .10 10 1 . U-Levy; ..Donnelly '10 20;
3561 El Mldo/6.. ...... 112 2 ' 5 Vj 11' 11 11 J. S. Campbell.. McCarty -4.7
Time— U, :26; %, :51; %, 1:10%: mile, l:43fc; 1 1-lCm," 1:49%. .Fair start." /Won. first
three driving. Winner. O. W. Boesecke's eh. g.. by Slr-Modred-Bedotte. Winner had - all
the luck. Anthracite was best and should have won. ' Elfonse had a rough passage. •Too
' far for Mamie Hlldreth. El Mldo in a poor position on the rail and. repeatedly,, cut oft;
Scratched — Free-. Lance "113. ¦¦'.- ¦ .; • • ... , . • ,' ¦ '. -¦¦ ••:¦.-. y
, blood vessel ; while being ' galloped '; in •. the
morning, ; Never at, his >best wnen * sent
out to make' :,: the; running; '¦% Headwater,
after, setting; a , pace that Would not . have
bothered .a. cheap selling .plater; began
fading , away :;the^lastv eighth.- Slater
Jeanle all . this '¦¦ time '• was • traveling . under
wraps. ¦- but 'Daly? ' made '¦> no . mave until
Donnelly, astride i'the Princess pulled ; up
on- nearly < eciu.il ', terms '• with * his ! mount.
Then he.made a« great? splurge,' iwith? the
result .that ; he •' lost - by! the v narrowest 5 of
margins : on plainly J the best horse. - . Con
sidering ; that ; no weight vwas" carried by
IN "the closest, and prettiest finish 'of^
{ the .'. ; afternoon ..," ; Caesar V '. Young's^
'-} clever mare, . Princess Titania; won
j the ' mile handicap at -Oakland yes-^
,' terday In a nose finish '.with -Sister,
Jeanle. '..'¦ ;;v'v--> "..>.{¦ ':''*. .-' -~ : ' i: :
It could be termed a lucky win, for, had
Larry Daly, j who . rode the latter filly , ex-'
hiblted -an<atgm;* of .horse sense, ¦ she
would have " eaVned :'- the 'decision! * There
were only^three Btarters,-.The ! Prldeibelng
scratched; owing to ." having ruptured" 'a
$15,000 FOB $1.
The subscriber having supervised the alngta
number drawing, clasa D. Honduras National
Lottery Company, hereby certifies that the
above are the numbers . which were this day
drawn I from the 100,000 placed in the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. .
-Witness my hand at Puerto Cortez. ' Hoa»
duras, C. A., this Saturday. April 12. 1902.
(Signed) GEO. W. DUPRE,
Vice Gen. W. L. Cabell. absent. ' '
' Commissioner. :
NEW ORLEANS. La.. March 27, 1002. .
Received from the Honduras National Lot
tery' Company, fifteen thousand dollars for ac
count of the National Shawmut Bank of Bos
ton, Mass.. In payment of one-half ticket No.
48,619, which number drew the first capital
prize of $30,000 in the drawing which • took
place at Puerto Cortez, Honduras, C. A.. Marcla
8, 1902." • - ...
(Signed) NEW ORLEANS NATIONAI*
BANK. , WM. PALFRY. Cashier.
$4000 FOR $L
State of Ohio, Delaware Couhty-^-sa.
8. H. "Wells, belng*nrst duly'sworn, upon his
oath ' says that he is the bona fide owner and
bolder of one-half ticket No. 8820 in the Hon
duras National Lottery Company, the drawing
of which took place'on March 8. 1902, at Puerto I
Cortez, Honduras, said ticket entitling the
owner to one-half of the second capital prize
of eight thousand dollars, being the sum of
four thousand, dollars. ¦ . as^v*".'.;
(Signed) S. H. "WELLS.
Sworn to before me th!3 28th day of March.
'(Signed) * . EUGENE S. OWEN,
Notary Public
.-$1000 -FOR 25 CE>IT9. ¦"".' :
NEW YORK. March 15. 1902.
. This Is to certify that the undersigned Is that .
bona-flde owner and holder of one-eighth ticket.
Nee 9820, . In the Honduras National Lottery
Company.. which drew the tecond capital prize
of $8000 at the drawing which took place at
Puerto Cortez on March 8, ' 1902, for which I
received the full amount of $1000. being one
eighth of the whole . ticket. = A»si.-..
(Signed) ¦ ., '. ' . IGNATZ LEVT,
306 East Houston SU, N. T.
/ Subscribed and swoni-iefore me this 17th of '.
March, 1902. .-* . ••¦ -
(Signed) HERMAN BRAUN.
. > Notary Public, N.-T. County.
$7500 FOR B0 CENTS.
¦ CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 17. 1002.. .
Loulg Goemer deposes and says that he re
sides at 1618 Hughes street, and Is employed :
at Morris Mohr's cafe, at 61.1 .Walnut street; ;
that he is the rightful owner of . one^quarter
ticket. No. 4881&. which drew tho^flraf capital :
prize of $30,00OIn the drawing of the .Honduras
National . Lottery - Company (La. State \Lottery
Co.), held* Saturday,, March 8. lS)02,a.t < i Puerto
Cortez, Central America..; . • «.•.
(Signed) ; ,*-u-v •; LOUIS GOEHNER.
Sworn to and subscribed before me thia 17t!j
day of March, • 1902. »•¦--•' : \. -.-,:¦ '¦- , •*.; i ¦ ¦ -;¦
' (Signed) - ' 'PHILIP '. RieilBJETHJ'-'
- . Notary Public. Hamilton Co., OKJo.
. -"Witness: L Fleischer.^" •'¦'
$2000 FOR 80 CENTS.
United States ¦ of America, County of Phlla- .
delphia — ss. : • _ ¦ ¦
' Be it' known' that on the day of the data
hereof before me,' the undersigned, a notary,
public. for, the commonwealth of Pennsylvania,
residing in the city of Philadelphia,'personally
appeared George Friend, who,' being duly sworn
according to law; did depose and pay that I am
' the " bona-fide owner ¦ of one-fourth ticket, No."
0820, Honduras •Lottery Company, which num
ber,won the second capital prize of $S00O at the
drawing held at Puerto Cortez, ' March 8. 1902.
and: that . I < have . received payment' in full for .
(31med) ' t' ¦ GEORGE FRIEND.
> '- •'-¦,.- 1546 N. Adler St.
' "Sworn • and • subscribed before me this ¦ 13th
day of March, 'A.' D. 1902. ¦, i * ...
? (Signed) A. M. SCHRIVER, Notary Public.
Commission expires February 27, 19CB.
: Originals of- foregoing - affidavits . held by
president of Honduras National Lottery Com- f
pany (La.* State Lottery Ca).
:. The : Colonel Edward J. Power trophy
has beeh placed on exhibition in the show
windows of its- maker, and designer, 'at
834 Market street. Companies A, D, H
and L. are drilling nightly and each confi
dently, expects that the honor of beingthe
first wlnner.of the- new ; trophy, will- fall
to it, to-morrow night.,- ;¦¦-'. .
i, The ;.brldge building: of Company M will
be one of ; the features of the evening. The
members . have ' become, expert In ' the art
as though. they 1 were .veterans. ¦ " "
Final arrangements have; bee, n made for
the. eighth annual "competitive drill of
First Regiment, i League of the Cross Ca
dets, to be held to-morrow night.' It'wlll
surpass any effort ' yet "made by the - ca
dets. ; Owing to ; the great demand for
seats it has been 'found necessary to en
large the seating capacity of the Pavilion.
- Major General Robert ¦ P. ] Hughes, com
manding the' Department of California
U. S; A., will-review the- cadets, and all
of the prominent j army and navy officers
in. the city have been invited to attend, as
well as Governor Gage and Mayor Eugene
E. Schmltz. '; "•¦•'. , • ¦ — ..
Accommodate Crowd.
Been ¦ Considerably; Increased to
Seating ; Capacity^ of Pavilions Has
CADETS ARE BEADY;
FOR COMPETITIVE DRILL
( The Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society
has decldedito' hold their fifteenth annual
outing 'at Fairfax S Park; Thursday; June
12; "The committee in:charge will spare
no pains ,tO/ make /the affair,- one,' of the
most. enjoyable ever given by the society.'
Union Printers' Picnic.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 99,450 to 99.550, inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prise of $30.000 — $40. .
100 numbers from 03,461 to 93,561, inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $8000— $24.
100 numbers from 22,971 to 23,071, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prise of $4000— $16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
099 numbers ending with 00, being the two
last figures of the number drawing tb« capital
prize of $30.000— $8.
899 numbers ending with 11, being the two*
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital pri*e of $8000 — $8.
official:
pany of San Francisco^^Estab
lished' January, ¦ 1887. ,
The ' Original ; Little . Louisiana^ Com-
SPECIAL NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
'Owing to the- fact that numerous j schemes
are placed- before the public from time to time
we would respectfully call the attention of pur
chasers of tickets to see that their tickets read
as - follows :- >/. . . - . .
THE' ORIGINAL LITTLK LOUISIANA COM
PANY OF SAN FRANCISCO. KS
. TABLISHED JANUARY. 1887. -
Each coupon will bear the initials. in large
letters "M. & F." on the face of the tickets.
. The following are the capital prizes as de
cided by the HONDURAS . NATIONAL LOT
TERY COMPANY DRAWING. April 12 1902-
No. 09500 wins $7500, sold in' San Francisco!
Cat. No. 93511 wins $2000,, sold in San Fran
cIbco. Cal. No. 23021 wins $1000. sold. In San
Franclaco, Col. No. 54300 wins $500. nold In
San Francisco; Cal. Nos. 14883 and 20026 each
wins $250, sold In. San Francisco and San Jose
Cal. Nos. • 17811, 41510. 40712. 68140 and 83D7A
each wins $100, sold In San Francisco ; and San
Jose, Cal. .-•'•• •- - . : • •
Straggler, a 20 to 1 shot, whose price
gradually fell to 10, led all the way In the
final mile and a sixteenth number. Plan,
the favorite, lost; by only a neck after
trailing in second place throughout. Me
reps wasthird.': .; ¦ /
any of the starters/the' time, 1:41, marks
a- most ordinary performance. .
Favorites and outsiders in- the; betting
divided the '¦; spoils,, each taking three
purses.': McNamara,' Mi Reina and Strag
gler were -the -unexpected arrivals. | An
other large crowd viewed the sport. '. tC
, Royal <Kogue," with Conley In the , sad
dle; kept up his. winning streak by annex
¦ing-the -'opening ;purse.'" James Nealon's
promising colt went to the. post a 4 to 5
favorite, dnd; catching '.Glendenning all
;out^ ; in the stretch;- beat. Kllldoe: a length.
The- latter gelding was nicely, rated, by.
Troxler,. making a bold bid for the coin
at.the close.; , --v;- . - . : 'y.
-; ;Barney Schrelber's Brutal commanded
stanch backing at odds of 6 to5 toiwin
the' first mile, and.' a sixteenth •'; selling
•number,' but, -unfortunately; was practi
cally left at the post. El Pilar, a heavily
played second choice, slipped • away, in
front, Meadlng. to the paddock, where
Frawley, got up with McNamara, a 10 to 1
shot, and In a. drive scored by a neck;
Billy Lyons, at 60 to 1, finished' third. -¦-:- -
A long rest apparently benefited the
Baldwin, filly, Mi Reina, for at odds of
15 to 1 shelled Deutschland out a head
for .7. the two-year-ojd - dash. The last
mentioned fcolt went to the post a" 7 to 5
second choice, and only for being palpa
bly, fouled by Bozeman astride Mi Reina
not. far. from the. wire, would have won.
Troxler, who. rode the Schreiber entry, erf=
tered a claim of foul, which was. not al
lowed. Clarinette ran third. W. J.
Dickey, the favorite, ran badly. -
Ishtaj ran circles around his field ih'the
seven lurlong selling event. The filly only
carried 97 pounds and her' odds were
backed down from 5 to 2 to 1 favoritism.
Donnelly did not get her away well, but
experienced no difficulty in reaching the
front, running home, three lengths before
Devereux, a 30 to 1 shot. Bernota finished
third, after running under restraint for
two-thirds of .the ' distance.
-Greyhounds lead, with 1S1 entries/- There
are 68 fox terriers entered to. date, 60 cbl
lies, 55 "cocker spaniels, 55 setters and. : 48
pointers and thus down the list. -To own
thei best of all these dogs will be -a high
honor, -r -,- .;¦•:.•..'.; • ¦ ¦ r - ¦ ' " '¦¦¦¦¦'
.- The I trophy will be "competed for by. all
the prize winners i in the . various classes.
The gentlemen who- have been selected to
judge the' various -classes*' will act as. a
jiify.'of experts in awarding this prize.
The owner of the winner will navojusti
cause to be proud of the dog which 'cap
tures it There are already more than
650' entries, -with the dogsnow on the
northern circuit .1 yet to be heard from.
This entry.; Is 194 lft' excess of all previous
records.-'% ; -. ¦ -. • . ¦ ¦,-...¦-. '. . ¦» ¦!.*'-:'.;• ; ' ¦- -.'¦ -
• ¦]**?& lONSUL GENERAL. HO TOW . has
{( presented a valuable and artistic
1L^ r. bronze ¦ vase; four 'feet^ in; height,
'¦¦^S^< to the .officers of the ¦ San 'Fran
-. /: Cisco" Kennel, Club to be offered'
for competition at their 'sixth /annual
show, which -commences -next. Wednes-,
day in MechanicsVPavilioii. , ;¦ ' ', •'-
- Sixth ¦¦ race^-One mile, e'elllng; three-year
olds and upward. . , .- 1 (¦¦> - . . .
: 3590 First Shot.... 110 3586 Windward ? 110
3580 Quadra ...... 80 35S9 Limelight ...".110
' 3590 Billy /Moore. .107 3080 Flourish . . . . .103
S5fi2 Dlomed ......113 (3587)Frank Woods 107
3515 Ned Dennis.. .107 3597 Gawalne .; .100
3589 Tizona 1071 3538 Horton .......113
Fifth race — One mile and an- eighth the
Fleur de Lis handicap, thre.e-year-olds and ud
ward. ;: • , , •¦ .'. 1 ¦'.•-,¦:, ' . ¦.. ;
3554 Frangible-..;.'. 00 (3501)Posltlon ..112
3597 Rio Shannon.. 94 3595 La Borgia " fi5
(3559) Eonic 100 ... < '""••• °»
Fourth race— Six . furlongs, selling ; three
year-olds and upward.
(3508) L. of Langd'n.100; 3598 Prestario . ". 102
3598 Ben Ledl.;...114 (3583)The Hoodoo"lll
3«01 Maresa ...;... 117 8503 Flamero .. . its
3583 Nellie Forest.111 3601 Fine Shot. .. 11B
3610 Merops .... ..116 3426 Foul • Play *H4
3S44 Parsifal v ... .1101 3317 Discovery ." 105
Third race — Four, furlongs; purse; two-year
olds. .'":".. • " ¦¦-.¦.¦...«-,*
3439 Phyz .103, .... Walter H. . . . .100
30»O Arabo .... . ...Ill (35T>8)Alsono -. .108
351C Levant ..... .10tt 3528 Horatlua .....106
.... Nervator .....106. 3410 Gavlota .. ....108
«;AV P. lal ? en^ 10C 3U00 J. H. Bennett.100
3594 Lizzie Rice... 1081
. Second • race— Six ' furlongs, selling; -three
year-olds' and -ypward. * . :
3598Tlburon . I :. .110 3545 Beau Monde .119
•3550 Rose of HUo;il4 3572 Ben Magln...ll«
.'... Fausturoi....ll9 3579 Malaspina 100
3564 B.F. Mason. 116 3009 Mike Strauss. 110
3581 Kat. Walcott.114 3569 Headstrong .102
3581 Evea G ...100 3430 Quizz II..... .113
3520 Vasallo ..... .119 359D Matin Bell. ..107
8581 Dawsqn 109 .3599 Geo.Whltney.112
3540 Sol .109 ,-857tf Pirate Maid .117
3594 Claudator j . . ..100 ' 3470 Baldo 109
3584 Maraschino ..119 3588Halmetta .. 107
3569 Sir, Claus. ..; ..1001 3593 ! Knocklngs . . .114
Young Donnelly piloted two winners-
Princess! Titania and Ishtar. v .
Straggler is a full brother to the many
time winner Bedeck 'and is said to have
been highly tried as ': a two-year-old.
"The advance sale of single admission
tickets for Milroy benefit day continues
brisk. Yesterday. Charles Clark, the young
Montana millionaire,- paid $50 for a ticket;
M. A. Gunst $50, Charles F. Price $25,
Racing News $25, track band $20, Charles
Qulnn $5..W. J. Hanrahan $5, cash $10, H: 1
W. Taylor $5; R. A. ' Skinner $5, L..J.
Westlake J2 50. , Previous sales reported ;
W. A. j Pinkerton ' $25, C. Zinkand .$20, H.
Hart $5, Joe Eppinger $10, A. Josephs $20,
Caesar Young $250, Thomas H. Williams
Jr. $100; D. M. Burns $100, A. B. Spreckels
$100, 'Butchers' Board of Trade $75, Chris
Smith $50, Fitzgerald, Black & Co. $50, C.
L. Asher $10, M. Katzensteln $10, Al Coney
*5; J.:F. Schorr $5; John X.yons?5.
Following are the. entries for: this after
noon's events:" ..;¦> . . ¦. ..
' 'First race-^Seven furlongs, selling; three
year-olds. ¦ ¦ • . - ; # -' , ¦_ : ;
Track Notes.
First — racer-Vasallo, -Knocking3,
Halm'etta. .
. Second race— Malaspina, Quizz II,
Tibiiron. "
Third . race— Alscino, Arabo, Lizzie
Eice v ¦ •¦: '- : - ; ... ' ;
race— Lass of Langdon,
Prestano, Foul' Play. -;
Fifth race— Eonic, Position, Fran
gible! . ' " •; ¦;..¦.-,-;.; .,;..". ;;--';:..
.Sixth race^ — *Diomed,'Horton,'Floui*
ish;-- ; .;¦'•. '¦¦.'¦ ¦;'¦;"¦ ' '¦'¦' • ¦ !.' ;¦• :/ ':- ; :
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
;\Cal Swing's nine baseball wonders, clad
In ; immaculate . white uniforms . set off by ;
red ; bonnets and socks; tripped . out upon
the Oakland field yesterday afternoon and
began to warm up. ;*' The crowd did some
cheering, | for every one I said Cal's bunch
looked good. ''¦ They: 1 : practiced ; like .: ball
players and for! a/ couple of innings _a'cted
the part, but, alas; Harris was ithere with
his j- ponies, - and ; they . galloped . over, the
hurdles five strong; while- the erstwhile
cripples sent one man . to the coveted
pla'te;-;"-- 1 .:. ; '._; \ '{*>*¦' v. ¦¦','„- "'¦¦'¦¦¦/. :.;¦.:*¦
j Oakland s has a good, fast team;: but
somehow, it .was riot : their day,' f Or making
runs." >Christall,.- the' southpaw, whd did a
turn for,' Cleveland last year, 'occupied , the
box land! -pitched a; rather ; good ,game.
fcrorton,' "froni ' Montreal,- wOre the ' v b.'g
mlttandfacted.like a. ball player. In the
infield . the same old | faces beamed upon
the'admiririg throng. : Julie Streib graced
the; ¦ ; initial . bag,; while" little Mohler,
Francks and .Red Dogr Devereaux did ;the
honors in the other three positions.
SAN FRANCISCO.
inunleavy. had hl3 same old job out;in
.left, -.while . Walters, who used. to .-chase
the : elusive I sphere a for "Providence, .and
McCreedie, who worked for Minneapolis,
helped him" out. They showed up fairly
well, ¦ although - Walters and McCreedie
did -not show ' the .best of judgment when
the ball chanced to come near them: .¦' ¦;
. Neither side scored until the fourth.
Then the ponies spoke twice. '.-' • ,- ¦ ¦
1 The ponies finished their work during
the sixth epasm, when Captain, Shugart
and L.eahy».swelled the list of arrivals by
means ; of two hits/ Whalen's out and an
error.:. After., that not a hit nor run was
scored by either team. The score: "
V; „ , AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A.' K.
McHale, l.:t.' 8- 1- 0%0 0 0 0
Bone,, 2b....... 4 0 0- 0 1 .3 0
Lawler-.c. f.. ... ,.;.4-. o 1-- 01 00
Nordyke, lb... .;.... 3 : 0 1 0 12 0 0
Holly, ¦¦»..:.. .-....-.- .-2'. 1 0,15 3 ;3
Shugart, . 3b.;.;..'. ;: ."4 2 00 3 1 0
L«any, . c. .•.".-...• ;.....'4 . 1 2^0 5 0 ¦ • .0
I>elmaa;-r."f:'... .'.... 3 .0-20 0 00
Whalen, p.;......... 4' 0 /¦ 1 ; 0 !0 3. 0
Totals' . . . .... .-. . . .31 5 7 1 27 10 ;.~3
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. f ...2 0 10 1 I 1 = 1
Mohler. 2b.....:.... 2 0-1 0 0' 4 "0
Streib, , lb. ......'.... 3 0 0 0 1« 0 0
M-^Creedle, r. f...:.. 4 00 0 11 1
Devercaux, -3b;..'....' 4 0 - 0 0 4 1 0
Dunleavy,. c. . t.. ..\. 4 11 0 0 10
Francka, . ss..... .. \ 3 0*-l 1 1 0 1
Gorton, ' c 4 0 0 0 4 2 1
Chrlstall, p.......... 3 . 0 1 0 0 '6 0
Totals ;...;....... 29" 15 1 27.22 4
RUNS AND HlTS BY INNINGS ''
San Pranclsco.. ...0 00 2120 0 0—5
Case hits..... ...1 0:.0 31 2 00 0 7
Oakland .......... 0 0-0 TOO '0 ' 0 ¦ 0 1
Base hits 2 0. 120 0 0 0-0—5
SUMMARY.
Two-base hit — Leahy.' Sacrifice hits — Streib
Walters, Holly. Bone, Mohler. .¦ First base orl
errors — San Francisco 3, Oakland 3. -. First
base on called balls — Off Whalen 3,- off Chris
tall 4. Left on bases — San Francisco 5. Oak
land 5. Struck out— By .Whalen 2. by Chrlstall
4. Hit • by pitcher— McHale. Double plays
Bone to Holly; Hoily to Nordyke. Time | of
same — 1 I hour ¦'" and .40 -minutes. -Umpire —
O'Connell. - Official - scorer^-H. R. McFaxlane.'
Delinas and Leahy Carry. Off
<; ' Batting Honors for
Locals.^ ? .
Ewing's Team LooksFast
.TOhaleni ; ,
No." Prlae.lNo.' Prize. Xo. Prize
- 40..... ltt 54..... - 16 202 10
218...;. .16" 230..... 24 2i8..... 40
309..;..- 16 347. v .. 24 JB»...".. W
438..... 80 877«.*... 40 850..... £
1039..... 16 1063..... ; IB 1275 1«
1319..... 40 1346 80 1383 '. ;W
,1420. .... r 16 1485. . ... 120 1W4 16
1600. 24 2090. .... 16 2101 - 24
2206 24 2214 40 2235..... W
2311..... 40 2457..... 16 2523..... 16
2524. . . ..-. 16 2740. .... 40 276T 1«
2824..... 24 '2863 16 2022 ltj
3010..... 16 3043. 24 8155...:.. J«
3169..... ; 16 3707..... 16 3887..... 18
3»17..... 16 3924..... 16 4065 ¦¦ 80
4082 40 4085 16 4104 40
-4142 120 4234..... 16 4298..... 24
•4319..;.. 16 ; 4370.'. 40 4424 16
4481..... , 80 ? 4538.".:.. 24 4805..... .24
4818..... 40 4858 16 5053. ..... 120
5400..... . :16 5610..;.. 16 5«19 v 4X>
5721... \S" '24 ; 5805..... 16 6112...;. 40
6168..... 40 6286...... 24 6346..... 40
6855.'.... 40 :6963..... 40 6985..... IB
7166..;.. 80 7181..... 24 7188..... 24
-7205 24 7254..... 80 7285 18
7295..... . 16 7454;... i - 80 7589,;'... 16
7615..;.. -• 16 7736 24 7758 16
7818..... 80,7855 40 7938 16
8117. .24 821*...,.i 40 8365 10
8391 24 8431..... / 16
8527..... .16 8646 24 8858...... 80
8951..,.. 16 8997..... 24 9013..... 16
9056..... 24 9091..... ' 16 9142 40
9230..... 40 9298..... 24 8395..... .16
0582.'.... 40 0652. 40 0832..;.. 16
9847 ¦ 40 9862. i... ...24 10104..... .- 16
10228 40 10243.;... l 4010290,.... 16
10306..... 16 10640..;.. 1610724..... 18
11404..... 1611413 '8011415.;... 10
11499 • 16 11530...... 16 11703..... IB
11706...... 1611730..... 16117C3..... 40
11799 24 11810..... 16 11866 ¦ 16
11981..,.. 80 12037...:. 16 12078. '40
12137. .'S . . - 40 12251. .... '; 80 12292. .... 40
12410...'.: 24 12520 24 12610 16
12618 3 •16 12785 . 24 13021 • 80
13023.--.. 16 13091..... 16 13097...... 16
13160 v 40 13351.....: 40 13477..... 24
13499. ....... 24 13501. . ... 40 13600 16
13782.;... 24 13818..... 80 13960..... 16
14131..... 40 14158 1614344 80
14400...... 24 14418..... 16 14476 24
J4492 4014008..... 24 14666 .24
"728 1614765 40 14816..,.. 16
14823 ..-.-..-¦ 24 14879 24 14883 . . . . . 100O
14913..... .40 14016 -40 14921..... -16
l^OOS .....' .2410088 1615118.....
15282....... ¦ 40 15315 16 15368 ;- 1»
15433...... 2415435 16 15612..... 16
15J83--... 8015984 .16 16165.;... - 16
10356..... 241C515..;.. .16 16560.....* 16
1«>55 : 24 16670 40 16763 V 16
16813...... 40 16849 16 16858 I W
16S83...... 10 17082..... 80 17400....: 16
1J413 16 17420 80 17437. .... 16
17625....; -80 17638..... 16 17703...... 16
ll'Al-"-- • "17811 40017839 - 16
17S6'---... 16 17897 24 18440..... 24
If461 1618510..... 1618630..... Trt
18J85----. 2418913..... 16 19O47 24
J«W1 16 10239 16119246 24
19428. .... 16 19503 40 19577. .... 40
80 19717 4019796..... 80
l»?20 1619957 80 20026.;... 1000
20H5 80 20175 16 20294 24
20317 24 20323..... 24120639,,... 16
20676 40 20702 16120765 . 24
20844..... 40 20850...... 16120857..... 16
20955 4021113..... 24121125 24
21216 80 21278 16 21368. .«-.. lft
21370..... 1621477 16 2157.0 XS
21602..... 1621630 16 21740 24
21982..... 24 22001..... 40 22063 16
22176 40 22339..... 40 22659 ;... 19
22725...... 1622779,.... 16 22878 40
22898..... 16 22969...... . 16123021 4000
23045..... 60 2308*..... 16123180..;.. 16
23105..... 16 23238..... 16 23314 24
23433..;.. 24 23587. ..r. 1623712..... 1 24
23825..... 1524088 ,80 24122 24
24175..... 24 24544..... 80 24573..... 10
24588 • 16 24953..... 16 25046..... 16
25181..... .24 25243..... '24 25304 40
2.MS35 16 25743 40 25765..... 16
25788. 16 25835 .24 25886 40
25894 16 25972 40 26188..... 24
26308..... 16 20423 SO 26482..... 80
26512..... 40 26523.:... 16 26606 -¦ 16
20724 2426S48..... 1626977.;... 80
27000..... •-•24 27078 16 27119..... 80
27139..... 2427178..... 4027193..... 24
27197....; 40 27329 . 40 27355..... 40
27425 40 27445. . . . . 24 27496... . . 16
27574 24 27685 24 27586 10
27715..... 1627744..... 40 27903 16
27947*. ... .24 28075 16 28112 16
28113 24 28165:....' 16 28209..... 16
28220. ....A "16 28274:. ¦...- 16 28279. .-...- 40
2S2S9 24128386..... 40 28449...,. . 24
2SS50 J54'288fiO;.... 24 28916. ...»' 80
28977 • 10 29000. .... 24 29015 16
29010..... 40 29085;.... 16 29149..... 16
29229...;. 60 29260..... 16129280..... 80
29291. 1629321 16129324..... : 40
29332..... 24 29411 [ 24129422..... lft
29407...... 16129714..;.. 16129725..... : 40
29024 80130104 24 30124..... 18
30140 40 30220..... 40130224..... 120
30259..... 2430310..... 16J30339..... 120
30724...'.. 16 30727....! 16130751 80
307C6 16 30773..... .24130914 10
312U8..... ,2431364 1631435..... 16
31514..... • 18 31677 40 31709. .... • 24
31741V.... 1631881 24 31S94. . . . . 24
31926..... 24132060..... 40 32133...;.' .1(1
32133..... 16 32184..... 120 32209..... 80
32440 . 60 32498 . 16 32512..... 40
32018..... .24 32626..... ; 16 32802 . 120
82854..... 8033037...... 16 33074 10
33318..... ' 80 33365..... 16133389 24
33495 2433545 40133549 16
83358 ¦ 16 33648..... 16133719 ' 80
83700. .. . . SO 33839: . . . . 80I3392S 16
3394'J 40 33051 ....... 4033962 40
34000 40 34123...... 16 34250 16
34374..... 24 34459...... 40 34511..... 40
34582 16 34618..;.. 16 34625..... 16
840S8;.... 16 34736...;. 24 34871...... 16
34905 24 34975.....' ' 40 35011..... 10
35014..... 40 35227...;. 16 35270..... -2*
35.163..... 40|35496 ' 80 35567...... " 16
35573...... 10135587..... 2435623..... 16
35641..... 1635713 24135774 . - 16
85790. 7.-.. . 10 35813 . 16 35870 24
3CO97 16 3617S..... ,24 36227..... 40
30270..... 16 36494..... 80 36581..... 120
3CO43. 1036755..... 40 36829..... -.- _1«
3fi90fl..... 4036057. .... 24 37138..... . 24
37143..... 40 37416..... 40 37433 24
37443..;.. 4037497...J. 24 37594....:. -40
37957.;-... 1C
38000 2438174..... 2438200... .. 24
38203..... 2438270 2138372..... 16
88462..... 16 38581 24 38753..... 24
38890..... 24 38893 • -16 38941..... 40
39138 16 39261. . , . . : - 16 39588. .... 40
39746....." 24 40047 40 40109..... 16
40120..... 16 40376.'..;. 24 40397...... 40
40596..... 24 40897..... 16 40996 ' 40
41067. 8041154 80 41196 16
41239:.... 40 41393..:.. 16 41399 24
41427. 24 41510.. ¦...400 41596..... 24
41628..... 16 41761..... 24 41783..... 80
41855..:.. 24 41946..... - 4041983;.... 40
42406 . . . . . 24 42514 ..... 16 42617 ..... 24
42677..... 24 42778..... 24 42833 40
42857.:... 1642903..... 16 42958.V... • 16
43245 ..... 40 43255 .... . 40 43274 ..... 40
43346..... ' 2443550..... .24 43592..... ¦- . 16
43683 . 24 43726..... 16 43797..... 24
43S13..... ' 16 43893. ..... 1C43&40..... 40
43946...... 16 43951 .80 43994;.... 8»
44071..;.. - 24 4419T ."¦-.¦;..?;' 40 44216..... 16
44276..... / 16 44348..... 16 44402.:... 16
44615 24 4465ft/.... 24 44688..... 16
44821. .. . . 24 44857. .... 24 44889. .... 80
44926.V... 4045071..... 40 45117..... 80
43120..-.. 16 45132..... 16 45417... . - 24
45450 4045550 80 45775...... 24
45829..... -..24 46280.;...' 16 46304 80
46322..... 24 46371 40 46562 ~ 1«
'7055:.... -16 47215 . 24 47347;...! * l«
47364;.... 1« 47391 16 47480. 24
47684..... 24 47724 40 47802. ... - 1«
47883..... 24 47003 16 480O4.... '. 2*
4?072..... . 8048204 16 4S254.V..I- 16
48424..... 16 48495..... 16 4851D... ¦ 16
48598..;;. 16 48600.. ;.:" 24 48780... . 120
48871 10(48876.....' 1648938... "18
40O55. .... 16 40174. .... 24 49209. . • ?«
40240 >-. 16 49407...;.. ; 24 19421 .1 in
49538; . ... 24 49580. .". . . 16 40596 ¦ ' ion
49712..... 4C049730..... . 40 49741 ** oi
49748.'. ... .24 49762 . 16 49959* '. \ '' 24
50074.',... ¦ 16 50154 . .• 46150246.. '¦ 1R
50282.1...; 24 50292. .... ' 16 50811.. " 80
60814.;... 24 50855..... 24 51048 in
51O59.r... 40 51114..... 24 51170 24
51197.,;.. .40)51237... '..• 24 :. '".
• 51284. |;... ' 40 51295..... • 16 51354... in
51504::.;. '. ¦'-..-. 24 51938.'.:.. .'24 51957 ' 24
52016. 16 52a35. ; . . . 16 52125 ' ' i«
K2224..... 24.62416..;.;. 16 52710*;"' 1«
62733..... 16 52778..... 24 52810 "I 16
r»2S72..... 16r>2937...;. 16 52951 - »n
52974 . ... . , I A 16 53056 .... . / 40 53061 '."". fk
53089 24 53130: 80 53252 12ft
153418..... 16 53430 24 534.78 '."" m
635R2.....' 16 53(504 16 53602 . lft
53670...;. .16 53705..... 4053747!!;" 1G
53909..... . 16 540781.:;. 24 54088. 46
541C5. . . . . . 16 543(W;. . . . 2000 54305. ' 24
4054501 24 54529 !" 16
54548.. •..'•• 24154591. ;¦..; 24 54772 Irt
54854.-. 7.. 'V 24|54898.\... ¦ 24 55113*. '..'.[' lft
55281 . V. . . •' - 10 55483. . .-.;.•: 24 55596 '. ir
55fi7fl.-. ... 24l55aS0. .... 16 55690. V. II 120
55730.;... r 40155808..... " -24 55824. "I 2*
55867.:... 16155901...'.. 40 56020 SO
560C0....;- 24 50090 245(5107 • ?ft
• 50208. .... 40 56230. . ... ' 120 563.™' " " 24
56373..... 24150390..... 16 50475""': 24
66770..... 1«I567!U.../. 16
50816..... 16|5fi83S..;v. 40 5fi870....' 16
50881. ..?.- 16!5fi932;::.. 24'57005 l«
¦67012..;.-. 16157252." S0157256. ...... 40
57286..... 80157341..... .24157437:.... * l«
- 575)59 . -; . . . 24 57578 . . . . : 40 57733 . ... . In
577S8..... ¦•:.4f>|57fl3S$ .¦;.'. 16 57957 .'.. r!" ' '24
58374...;. 40|5.«UfR.-V',v ;; • ; S0 nS4GS;....-. tn
'58494..... lmnRnfiS.V:.. 16|58613 • §4
..5RBC5;t;:-. ; 40!5SPSn.V.... ,40lBS8U I-IMv 16
58904.;... 24I5J»V>G.-. . . . : 40lr.9242 lrt
!-r.03S5;.... • •ir,ir,<v42o;. -.v.;; 24159425;.;.! 1«
C19519.;... -24!5flJH7r;;.-. ¦¦¦¦-< 101395M-: 24
I 59752.:. 1 .. 24159767:.;..- 16 5!Wa-?;.._.- SO
{59894...... 24t60031 ...... 24 600.S5 S<
60129;...:- 80I60138. 1 ...-. 166(1170...... 1ft
i 60368..... ./. 16160.172..... - 24 «0S33 ....-, 16
, 60559...:; .16160712. V... 24 00821.. %! - lft
I60887.V... .'.16100061..... 16 61047. ... 16
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National LOTTERY Co.
' / (LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY.) /
M^^PATENT; APPLIED FOR."
Single Number, Class "D," Drawn at
'Puerto Cortez, Honduras. C." A.,
:¦.-¦¦ Saturday, April 12y 1902.
PONIES EASILY
DEFEAT OAKLAND
CONSUL GENERAL HO YOW PRESENTS
BRONZE VASE TO THE KENNEL CLUB
CHAMPION DOGS
ON THE FIELD
Palo Alto, Beacon, Rec
tor and Other Cours
ers to Meet.
Four Stakes Are^ Up* for De
cision This Week? at j ..:
Union Park. . . JU
RESULTS OF WEDNESDAY'S EVENTS AT OAKLAND TRACK
COSTLY AND ARTISTIC BRONZE TROPHY WHICH WILL/ BE AWARD
ED TO THE DOG PRONOUNCED THE BEST AMONG ALL, THE EN
TRIES AT THE KENNEL CLUB SHOW BY A JURY OF- JUDGES. f
Reserve stake. 32 entries — P. Rellly's ' Lord
Granard vs. H. Bishop's j Argyle; O. Zahl's
O'Hara va. W; C. de B. Lopez's Eager; W. C.
de B. Lopez's Blackford Lad vs. P. C. Blick's
Advance Guard; F. Rosenberger's Lady Chi
<juita vs. D. Itoach's Mike Fenton; W. Crea
mer's Onward vs. E. Geary's Little Jim: J.
Connolly's New Mcon vs. M. Dillon's Chal
lenger; T. Meagher's Royalist vs. J. I. O'Brien's
Statesman; S. Henderson's Trade Dollar vs. F.
C. Mack's Delia M; T. Jolley"B Toronto vs. J.
Sheridan's Tim Murphy; T. Maher's Lord Goff
vs. F. Roser.berger'8 Master Bly; A. J. Ernest's
Rich Argosy vs. J. Hurley's Riley Grannan; P.
Reilty'* Lady Granard \-s. W. C. de B. Lopez's
Charley Ox; M. Glyna's Sweet Peas vs. Pa6ha
Kennels' Regal Attire; E. L. Hatha way's
Bridget Cleary vs. M. Kerrigan's Prometheus;
F_ C. Blick's Tellowtall vs. T. Sulllvaa'r Va
erant; <3. Weleh's Little Lucy vs. C. G. Whal
loa's Miss Shirley.- ¦ . . . . -.
Open Ftake, sixty-four entries: J. H. Mc-
Neil's Elackha-vrk vs. Yosemite Kennels" Mose;
A, Vanderuhite's Flora McDonald vs. T.
Burke's Aggie \V; A. R." Curtis' -Anchor vs.
C O. Peterson's Haphazard-; Sterl & Knowles'
Olita vs. F. B. Gerber's Rienzl; P. M. Clark
eon's Flower of Gold vs. E.- Geary's Fenli;' E.-
Reddy'e Full Moon vs. P. Doyle's Liberator;
Pasha Kennels' Royal - Arcfcer vs. O. Zahl's
Miss Wilson; J L. Ross', Loyal Lad vs. G.
Shannon's Little Sister:' H. H. Gray's Rona vs.
P.' Scott's Half Moon; A.' ! McLeod's Royal
Friend- .vs. P. Mullaricy's Mamie Pleasant; J. S.
Badt'S',Lavina. vs. . Alaneda Kennels' ..Melrose
Lad; P.. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel vs' Chia
rinl Bros.' Sempronius; B. Silva's - Master
Rocket vs. E. Geary's Ireland; A.' .Vander
white's Lear King vs. H. L. Mehany's Rox
ana; J. L. Ross' Herschel'e Pride vs. G.
Coombs' Rustic Arbor; F. Jones' Horlean
Gladys vs. D. J. Healy's For Glory; E. Geary's
Roy Hughie vs. P. M. Clarkson's Sofala;
Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. A. R. Cur
tis' Old Ironsides; C. Pickard's Bright Gold
vs. E. Geary'e Fair Oaks; J. Carroll's- Master
Clair vs. A. R. Curtis' Lost Chord; C. G.
Whallon's Gilmore vs. J. Seggerson's Gold Hill:
H Perigo's Belfast vs. J. Sheridan's Forest
Queen; T. Jolley's Little May vs. W. C. de B.
Lopez's Pepita; G. Shannon's Sir Pasha vs.
Chiarini Bros.' Santonin; J. MortarityVKlttle
man vs. Alameda Kennels' Clarice; Aeneid
Kennels' Fine Fire vs. A.' R. Curtis" Fly by
Night ; F. Jones' Tyrone Prince vs. W. N.
Hbag's Cecil N; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto vs.
L. Lagomarsino's La Belle; W. Johnson's Ar
ticulate vs. J. N. Carroll's Cascade: F. Jones'
Lady Newark vs. Akmeda Kennels' Lilac; J.
W Fahey's October Lad vs. P: M. Clarkson's
Golden Garter; F. Jones' Wedgewood vs. Pasra.
Kennels' Rocker.
Puppy stake, sixteen entries: A. A. Lacun
ha's Flambeau vs. A.- B. Curtis" Meda; J. L.
Ross* Creswick vs. 3. Connolly's Humming
Bird; E. McAndreWe Nancy T1J1 vs. F. A. Mc-
Ccmb's Otto; Aeneid" Kennel's May Morning
vs. A. J. Vanderwhite's Hot Slugs; T. Logan's
Lord French vs. J. Regan'* Menlo Prince; G.
Star's Step on vs. P. Doyle's High Stepper;
D. Velking's Young Rusty vs. Chiarina Bros;*
Concord Boy; j. Sullivan's Slievenamon vs. A.
Aw Lacunha'a Johnny Beck. - . -
Spring Champion st&ke, sixteen entries:- T.
J Mclnerney'e Annie Hall vs. Al&meda Ken
nels' Merrfmac; Pasha Kennels' Real Article vs.
T. J. Cronin's Vandal; Pasha Kennels' Rural
Artist vs. Chiarinl Bros." Dewdrop; A. R.'
Curtis' Beacon vb. A. ,R. Curtii' Rector; Ala
m'teia Kennels' A. S. Martin . vs. D. Walsh's
Sacramento Boy; O.-Zahl's Homer Boy vs. E.
Geary's America; Chiarinl Bros.' Tame Tralee
vs. T. J. Mclnernej-'s Nora; E. Geary's Palo
Alto vs. T. J. Cronln'* Tralee Boy.
Eugene Geary^'s: greyhound Palo j Alto,
the champion courser "of "last' season. Is
entered for the champion stake to be de
cided at Union* Coursing.- Park »on .Sun
day. Beacon, the Curtis kennel cracky
and other great dogs are. entered. Palo
Alto has fiot been out for many months
owing to ..* injuries . received - in trainings
He has shown- some good trials in pri
vate recently. There are four stakes in
all to be decided Saturday and. Sunday.
The draw last night resulted as follows:
The committee summoned George
Eaulsbury to appear. ' He is charged with
having boxed as a professional under the
neme of Gus Saulsbury. The accused
produced his brother, who resembles him,
and claimed he was "Gus." When George
Eaulsbury fought on Tuesday ; -night at
Mechanics" Pavilion Annex the specta
tors all around the ring hailed him as
"Gus."
At a meeting of the registration com
mittee of the Pacific Association, Ama
teur Athletic Union, held in the Olympic
Club last night, the Ariel Boat Club was
fined $25. The club at its recent boxing
tournament matched an amateur and a
professional boxer. . "
Paul • Boiler; who has been fighting un
der the name of Jack Sullivan, was sus
pended. . ...
Ariel Boat Club Is Fined.
An Interesting vaudeville' and boxing en
tertainment was given last night at Me
chanics' Pavilion Annex as a benefit to
"Biddy" Bishop, the well-known pugilis
tic manager, who has been helpless for
seme time past. The affair was given by
Bishop's friend3 and was under the di
rection of Billy Lavigne. -
"Biddy" Bishop's Benefit.
Jim Corbett has telegraphed his broth
er, Harry, in this - city, asking. him to
use every endeavor to arrange a match
with Jeffries, to be fought here In Sep
tember. All he asks is the same terms
as' those Jeffries agreed to- with Fitzsim
znons.
Ck>rbett After Jeffries.
Kanager Fisher Releases Dowling-.
SACRAMENTO. April 16.— Manager
Michael Fisher of the Sacramento base
ball team to-day released Peter Dowlitig;
the left-handed pitcher," bn.; the j score of
unbecoming, conduct. Fisher feaiys he will
eend East for a. man to take Do.wling's
place. .¦' - ,• >;-•¦ - . . . , : *•'•¦ i~- •
THE SAN -ffBftNCI^ W
No.' ' ' Prlae.lNo. Prize. INo. J»rl«.
61053..... 120 6105S..... 80 G1065 1«
61126 16 61179 16 S1330 19
61JW5 2461500..... 1661533..... 24
61559 16 01590..... .40 61754 1*
61785;.... 16 61834 16G1930..... 40
61982..... 16 62332 24 .
62330. . ... 40 U2643. .... 16 626<52. .... 1<!
62S69..... 40 03103 40 63123 40
6317T 16*53417 '18 63580.*... 24
63584 . It! (3611 IB 63681. .... 16
6368S 40 63740..... 24 63876 16
63S9O 16 63955.-,... 16 64058 ltt
64131 16 64170...;. 24 64275 40
64280 24 64452. V... 120 64503 80
"64511..... 24 64666.;... 1C 64753..... 18
64778..... 16 «5185..:.. 16 6521S 24
65250..... 16165278..... 24 65324..... 24
65426..'... 16C5468...... :80 63510.. i..> 24.
65587 16 65589..... 16 C5701.V... 40
659(11..'... - 1665968..;.. 4068119;.... 80
66158..... ' 16 66308:.... 16 664S4 24
6656:> 16 66685...... -40 66790...,.: 1«
66883 120 R7O90..... 24 67365..... 24
•67634.....*' 24 67606..... 16 67711..... 80
67789.:... 24 67S04 80 67S86. .. . . 2J
680.18 24 ;¦ •
6S073..... 16 68086 40 168108 ;....' 1«
68146..;;. 4C0 68208 80168223.....: 120
68265..... 24 68428 16168474 4<I
6S503..... v 16(68640 -40|68«56.;...' 24
68746....; 1668803..... 16 68873 14
69474...,., 80 69523..... 24 69589 . - 24
60622 V 24 69691 ;..•..' 16 69821..... 18
C0834;.... 24 H9S53 24 60868..... 24
70057 '24 70070 16 70355 .16.
.70429 .16 70436;.... 18 70442..... 19
70486 16 70523..... 24 70570 lfl
¦70573.,... 40 70663..... 16 70803 40
70864... ... 24 708C4.:...' 16171016....,' 38
71081..;.;- 24 71150 24 71278. ..,« 18
7t2S6..... 16 71489 . 16 71638. ..... 18
71675. ' J6 71746...:. 16 71871...... 40
71035 407197S 1672012..... .24
72202 .80 72290.. .... 16 72676...... Iff
727P6...... 16 73157. .*;. 80 732S4..... 80
73381 1673538..... 40 73556..... 8O
73628..... 40 73647....... "80 73731.. .,„ 80
73735...;. • 16 73879....; - IG|73«0O..'... 16
74228 2174305 16174844 18
75003..... 24 75030.".... 24173120.. ..V 18
75168 40 - '
7B206 24 75239..... ' 16|75396..... 24
75492...... 16 75533 16J75636: ...» 40
75735.....' 80 75853..... 24 176195....* 40
76321 80 76367:.... 40 [76539. j..* ?lfl
76796 .' ¦ 1*76801..... * 2417^878...... lfl
76937 1676987..... 24|77020:.... " 18
77200 80 77301..... 40 77450..... 40
77S3S 16 77904..... "26 7T90fl . 18
77911..,.. ,24 77919 :40 77921..... 18
78033...;. 16 78052..... -40 78210.."..* 24
78217..... 40 78349..... 16+78445. .... .18
78710. . . (. 16 78711 24 78721 ...... 1«
78812...,. 4078843 12078938. ~.. "24
79080 24 79155-.... 4079156..... 18
79200 16 79369 24 79436.,'.., 40
79700..... 80 79824..;.. 79830.... « 18
79860.},.. 8079885....^. 80 79945 , 18
70971..... 24 30325...;. '80 50338..... 18
80454. ..i. 24 8063T 16 80732.....' 40
80767 24 80770..... 40 80988..... 24
81142..... 80181209 24 81333 - 18
81416..... 24 81732 16 81793.....! 24
81808:.... 8081845 -24 81850..... 1«
82057 16 82140 40 82270..... 1«
82338..... 1682343 1682477..... 40
82558 16 82372. .V. . " 16 82637. •.'. . . 40
82727..... 16 82949 16 83106. ...... ;24
83181.;...' " 80 8331Or.... 16 83478..;.. 4O
.83491..... ,16 83532..^.. ' 120 8354ft -. 18
I 83635..... 24 83634 16 83816 24
.83897 4083958 16 83975...., 40»
84070 24 84085.'.;.. ¦ 16 84236 18
84246..... 2484343 , 16 84535.. «.? 16
84590 . 80 84397...... 16 84599.,..; 15
84696 1684869...... 16|85152....» * -8O
85265 16 85451..... .40183321..... 120
85536 24 85537...;. 16 83936 24
86087 -. 24 86281. .v. . .16 86528. . ... 24
86655..... ¦¦ 24 86678.....' 2486781..... 18
86802 ¦- 24 86875..... .120 86967 40
86979.;...-- 16 87325 40 87337 18
87371..... 1687667..... 40 87709 18
87883 16 87903 24 88042 18
88136...... 2488186 24 88407 19
88535 2488386 24 88614 24?
88871.....; 40S889T...... IB 89047..... 24
80214 2489318 8089333.;... 19
89376 .24 89426 16S95U..... 18
89794 40 .
89848..... 24(90175. .... 80 90251 16
90385..... 16190492 ."- 40 90502 24
90539..... 16 90534 40 90643 18
90679 24 90727 24190962 24
91032 40191099..... 40[9126« 40
91386 16191388..... 16 91475 8O
91571;.... 18191637 80I91698 1«
91784..... 1691817 16192006 ItJ
92107 4092116 80192118 24
92207 24 92219 24192247 40
02314 16 92454 16192543 lft
02669..... 40 92679 24102686 24
02B96 1692734.. ,i. 16192754..... 40
92913 24192018. 16192938. .... 18
93094 24J93135 80193233 2t
93.101 1693314...., 16I93394 24
93443 ' 40|93449..... 40193511 800O
93815..... 4093797 24!93829 Irt
93940..... 24 94004 40194155 24
94189 1694240..... 120194445... .. I 40
04G11..... 1694756 40194909 40
95017 12095035 2495054 120
95062..... 80 05096..... .16193287 2%
05445..... 2495893 16195948 16
06032..... 1696091..... 16196147:.... 40 '
06182..... .1696200 40!9«213 80
06243...... 16196314 16196350 _1«
M387. 1 ..'.." 24196432..... 16196471.-..* J«
96618. ...•. 24196545. .V.. 40(96619..... 24
96R34..... 16;96663.'...« 16:96715..... . 24
96557....; 16 96766...., .40190036,.....- IS;
97086 2497148 80f9715fc..... ' 1«-.
9719a...... .16 97468...... 16187866"..... 2V
97907..... 16198004..... '16198038..... 24
98201.;... 24198208..... 16108227..... 24
08371..... 16 9S564 40 98617 10"
98665 40 98718..... 24J98853. . . . . 4O
80219 16J99500. 30000199510 •• 4O"
99576..... 24199616..... 16199688..... 1«
99789..... 16199914..... 1699932..... 16}
09937 16199961..... 16|
4
•¦.--;.(..-;•¦','• ..•¦. ,-' .;,-..,.- .'¦¦-¦¦¦-.¦¦-¦'..¦ .. : ; , -. ;.¦ :~" '.-. ¦ -.- ¦¦ -' ''¦ - "" '¦'¦- ' ;• -^- ;;_Mr ""
dfrvsn^ A^^fl 1 responsibility, j^rid how important ; that ;«'.VyviJ .'-ii^f^k^ 1 *"
iQPi^itl no taint of disease is left in the. blood -.-_ vvif^
1|| to be' transmitted to the helpless child, entailing the most
;^~ suffering, 1 , and] marking its little body with' offen-
sive sores and eruptions, catarrh ofthe nose and throat, weak eyes, glandular
swellings, brittle bones, white swelling and deformity. /: V'; ' . - . '
T How can parents look v upon .such little sufferers ; and ; not .reproach
themselves ¦ for? bringing so much j misery .into -.the ; world ? '¦:¦? If you have;
any. diseaseMurking ; in your /system;' .how^can \ you expect well developed,
healthy children ?3 Cleanse lyour" own 'blood arid; build up your health, and
r. you have not only enlarged,' your capacity for the enjoyment of the pleasures
/ of; life/, but "-have discharged a duty, all parents owe to'postenty, and made
mankind healthier arid happier. - a : '"."'"pwiw^i-'V • *^V-'J- '•'¦_ , ¦ \
it' : . . There is no remedy that so surely/ reaches deep-seated, stubborn • blood
•••'^*"'^-*-^r-^''-^i-^"''f^ 1^lf-'*' a -' 4 '' a -' searches out even '-hereditary^
v'/gj^ • f<^^ CC^^ poisons, and removesj-eyeryj taint frbrii the blood, v
; \*v •¦ 5^^H^V^^ \ ?£&} P^\^ & rip 'the f general health.- If
' K^J^i I^Dj fare 'growing' ,up "around ; you;- right the Xwrongf by J
S.^^f',1 7*^^/S—^- putting them . on 'a^course of i S; S;^S/ at* once.' vltis^
¦ - a' • purel y vvegetable med jcine, Harmless -, in } its • effects , ; and can be, taken
fby/bbth 1 ; old >and : young ;mttoutf^,oi'any'bad;results."!.; V.'
. /Write usTabout your ca^
f. This ! will';; cost you; nothing,' arid we yrill also send our bbpk , on c blood and
5BW^is M Bes:>:'/ '^HE^^wiFT^iPECiriC^CO^Atlttiata^Crai^
:' ADVEBTTSEMEMTS.;. :"-
. , ... . ...,,r .",.7" ~i
!To Assimilate Food- •
' see tliatiyour stomach ,;and j ;
liver are in proper condition^/
To do it easily arid pleasant-^
Beechatii l 'k
II z, ¦ H .
Bold Everywhere. In boxee 10c. and 25c.
r^EW 1901
TRIBUNE
BtCYCLES
Fitted with G & J or Hartford
Tires.
LEAVITT & BILL,
307-309 Larkin Street.
Send for Bargain List.
& . — —— — • : : " .; • " — -q
rTHE SAN \ FI?AjNCISCO CA^L, THURSDAY; APKIL, IT, 1902^
STEAMSHIP "ALASKAN, THE NEW GIANT- FREIGHTER OF THE AMERI-r .
. CAN HAWAIIAN" LINE, THE TRIAL - TRIP- OF WHICH HAS BEEN
POSTPONED BECAUSE HER COALING HAS BEEN SLOW. ;'" : t r ->
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
fourth time column gives . the last ' tide of the
day, except when there are but/ three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes. the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
ot the lower low waters.
' Steamer. ' From. ¦ ¦' | Due.
Coos Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports. Apr. .17
Umatilla. ... Pupet Sound: Ports..... Apr. .17
Spokane San Diego & Way Ports Apr. 17
Point Arena. . Point Arena . ; ;. . ..:.... Apr. 17
Eureka Humboldt . ......... Apr. 17
1 Macdalay... Coqullle River Apr. 17
Aztec Tacoma .*.' Apr. 17
Phconlx Mendocino City .......: Apr. 17
Arcata....... Coos Bay ............... Apr. 17-
San Pedro... Humboldt' .............. Apr. 18
Argo Eel . River Ports ....... Apr. 18
Chas, Nelson. San Pedro '. Apr. J8
Empire.. :'..:. Coos Bay......;. ....... Apr. 18
Mackinaw.; . Tacoma . . . .". ...... ..... Apr.' 10
Rival ...... . . Willapa • Harbor . v: .'.' ...'.' Apr. 19
North Fork..; Hiunb^rU- ......... .....lApr.lln
Lakme. ....'.. Portland' &' Astoria.... Apr. 1!)
Chehalis. -.'... Grays Harbor :...7...'.. Apr.;i9
Pomona. . Humboldt J; Apr. 20
G. Dollar.... Grays Harbor .......... Apr. 20
Columbia.... Portland\& Astoria.... Apr.-JM)
M. Dollar.... Hadlock & .Whatcom. . . Apr. 20
Sta. Barbara". San Pedro. ......:...... Apr,' 21
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts.. Apr.' 21
KantaCruz.. Newport & Way Ports.. Apr. 21
Sonoma...... Sydney^ & Way Ports... Apr. 21
Edith ........ Seattle,,:. ............ Apr. 21
Pleiades. T... Seattle-. Apr. 21
San Juan.... Panama. & Way Ports.. Apr. 22
Doric China & Japan Apr. 22
City of Puebl Puget Sound Ports; Apr. 22
Santa Ana... Seattle & Taconia ...... Apr. 22
Argyll..:...: New York via Panama. Apr.'24
ft. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria Apr. 25
Sequoia.: Grays Harbor. ......:... Apr. 25
Australia.... Tahiti ;...... Apr. 2tl
Curacao..... Mexican Ports. Apr. 27
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports...... Apr. 27
¦•SOUTH BEND — Arrived April 15— Schr
North Bend, hence April 6. •
"Sailed April 16 — Stmr Rival, for San Fran
cisco. • • ¦ ¦ • ¦ .
NEAH BAY— Passed in April 16— U S stmr
Manzanita, from cruise: Nor stmr TltaJila,
hence April 13, 1 for Nanalmo.
. , Passed : out April 16— Dutch stmr Wilhel
mlna, for .
SAN PEDRO— Sailed ADril 16— Schr Alvena.
for Tacoma. ¦•¦•¦.;.
PORT -.TOWNSEND— Passed /out April 6—
Dutch stmr WUhelmlna. tor .
- Arrived- April IS — U S stmr Manzanita. from
coast cruise; schr "J M Colman. from San
Pedro; schr Oceanft. Vance, from San Diego.
Sailed Aaril 16— Stmr Bertha, for Illamna.
" FORT BRAGG— Arrived Aarll 16— Stmr Sa
moa, hence April 15.
Arrived April 16 — Stmr National City, htnea
April- 16. • .
SEATTLE— rSalled . April 15— Stmr Cottage
City, for Sitka.v . . <
Arrived ' April'' 16 — Stmr Santa. Ana, hence
April. 12.
ASTORIA — Arrived Acril 16 — Br stmr
Strathgyle. from Hongkong.
Arrived April 16- — Stmr Chlco, ' hence April
11: stmr-Iaqua, hence April 13. r.
• Sailed April 10— Schr Chaa R Wilson, for
: San Francisco. • . • . ¦ ••• ¦
;• TACOMA— Arrived Aorll ,16— Stmr Cottage
City, from/Seattle; stmr City of Puebla, hence
April 11;' stmr Meteor, from Seattle. ¦ ,
- Sailed : Aarll 16— Stmr Mackinaw, for San
Francisco: -Dutch stmr WUhelmlna. for .
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed April 10 — Schr John
G North.- for San Francisco.
. BALLAKD-- Arrived April 15— Schr Espada,
from San Pedro. ¦-. . -. <- . -
. EASTERN PORT.
NEW "STORK— Sailed April 15— Stmr Ad-*
vance, t for Colon. •
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— In port April 2— Br ship Hel
ensburzh, for San Francisco; Br ship Brenda,
for San Francisco. •.•~fsSa£H»*itji«
¦ LIVERPOOL— In r>ort ADrli 15— Ship A G
Ropes, for Cardiff and Nagasaki.
HAMBURG — Sailed April 12 — Ger ehlD Ger
trud,' for Honolulu. . April 13 — Ger stmr Tot
mes. for ; San Francisco.
LONDON— Sailed April 13— Br ship Tas
mania, - for San Diego, and passed Prawle
Point Ax>rill5.
FLUSHING— Passed April 14— Br ahip Mus
koka." from .Falmouth,- for . '' • j
¦ HONGKONG— Sailed April 15— Br »tmr Em
press of ¦ India, for Vancouver. .
NAPLES— Arrived April 10 — Aui atmr Mari
anne, from .Tacoma. ,-• .
PANAMA— Arrived April 5— Chil stmr Pa
lena, - hence - March 13. ; i : ... ¦ x .
SYDNEY — Arrived - prior to April 15 — Stmr
Ventura, -hence March 20. -•' : -
SINGAPORE— Arrived . April 18— Br stmr
Pak Linev from Seattle. ,
SUEZ — Arrived April 16 — Br stmr Pin* •
Suey, . from Tacoma. -.-.-¦
BROWHEAD— Passed April 16— Fr,- bark
Edouard • Detallle, , hence . Dec - 19. for Queens
town.' • .:..-> •. ' .<
-VICTORIA— Arrived Anrll 16 — Br stmr Mo
ana, from • Sydney. ¦¦• - ¦¦ ¦ ., ¦
. 1 OCEAN. STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Sailed April 16— Stmr Mon
golian, for Glasgow; stmr Philadelphia, for
Southampton : ¦ stmr . Germanic, for - Liverpool ;
stmr Vaderland. for Antwerp; stmr Cartha
genian, for Glasgow; stmr Palatla, for Naples.
BOSTON— Arrived. April 16— Stmr Pomeran
ian,'from: Glasgow." . • •
; LIVERPOOL— Arrived Ariril 16— Stmr Tun
isian, from : St John ' and Halifax. • - .-.
IX>NDON — Arrived April . 16— Stmr Mesaba,
from New York. ¦ .-.-.--
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 16— Stmr
Majestic, ¦ from New York, for Liverpool. ¦
. Sailed Anril 10 — Stmr Ivernla, from Liver
pool, - for > Boston. .¦ u
MOVILLE— Sailed - April 16— Stmr Furnes
sla. from : Glasgow, for New .York.", • .
NOTE — The. high and lew . waters ¦ occur ' at
the ¦ city -' front - (Mission-street ¦; wharf) ¦ about '
twenty-five . minutes later, than , at : Fort ' Point •
the height of tide is the same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High .; and ¦ Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco . Bay. , Published - by official «u
. - thority of the Superintendent. • .,; . ;
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch . Hydrographlc • Office, " U. S. N.; Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 16, 1902.
The. Time Ball on the tower , of the Ferry.
Building *was dropped exactly at noon to-day, 1
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m.. Greenwich mean time. • -
W. H.- STANDLET. -
f,l-f Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
The Commissioners met yesterday
afternoon and confined- their, deliberations to
the transaction of routine business. . The chief
engineer submitted to the board a' number of
informal bids that he had accepted and which
the board confirmed. Bills for work done and
materials supplied amounting to $9780 80 were
ordered paid. AH. bids submitted for the con
struction of office buildings on pier 19 "were
rejected on the ground of being too high. On
the recommendation of ; the chief wharfinger
the Simpson Lumber Company • will , hereafter
be asked to pay " rent for • that : part - of . the
seawall it ' has been using as a storage . place
for lumber. The Pacific Transfer- Company's
request for an office: in the ferry depot build
ing was - ordered filed. The ¦ commissioners
made no appointments.
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The steamer . Queen sailed ywterday for Vic
toria with a general cargo to be landed at va
rious British Columbian ports. The cargo as
manifested lip to 3 p. m. was valued at $22, SCO
and Included the . following merchandise and
produce: •
10.196 lbs butter. 3039 lbs cheese. 1600 lbs bread,
12,939 lbs 25 bxs dried fruit. 5500 lbs raisins,
875 lbs sugar, C1.340 lbs malt. C094 lbs beans.
1500 lbs nuts, 9313 lbs coffee, 21,706 lbs soda
ash. 20.0SO lbs oil cake meal, 620 lbs chocolate,'
1S30 lbs millstuffs, 1007 gals and 24 cs wine,
100 rolls paper, 29 pkgs drugs, 270 tins matches,
419G lbs skid grease, 227 pigs lead, 22 pkgs 81
pes Ft eel and iron, 14 pkgs hardware, 5 cs hats,
1H pkgs groceries and provisions, 20 bales rope,
S3 cr fuse, 9 cs arms and ammunition, • 4 pkgs
machinery, 407 pkgs fresh fruUs and vegetables.
1633 ft lumber. 4 pkgs electrical supplies,- 210
boiler tubes, 33S cs paste, 4 rolls leather.
Exports to British Columhia.
The British bark Pitcalrn Island was cleared
Tuesday for Queenstown for orders -with 49,071
ctls wheat, valued at $53,079. and 1(5,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $240.
Shipment of Wheat.
Shipping Merchants.
The bark Big Bonanza will load piles at
Seattle for Manila (lump sum).
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Reinsurance Bates.
Reinsurance on the British ship Red Rock
was yesterday advanced to 25 per cent. She
is now out 133 days * from Fraser River to
London. :
A dispatch received yesterday from Santa
Barbara tells of the loss of the sealing schooner
Kate and Annie. She was j torn from her
anchorage at Cuylers Harbor.' April 0, in a
heavy northwester, and driven on the beach.
All hands were saved. The schooner was of
23.42 tons burthen, was built • in 1879 at
Yaquina Bay, Or., and was owned in this
port by C. Lutjens. $.. "
Revenue Cutter Bear Starts North.
The United States revenue cutter Bear.
Captain Tuttle commanding, sailed yesterday
for Seattle, from which port she will start on
her regular northern cruise. The Thetis -will
follow in a few days.
Schooner Kate and Annie a Wreck.
Harry W. Heyer. a young man, dressed'
In the height of fashion, appeared before
Judge Megan yesterday to answer a
charge of assault to murder. He had been
arrested on complaint of his wife, who Is
Eeveral years his senior, but when, the
case was called she said she did not wish
to prosecute. Heyer remarked that It was
purely a family matter, but Judge Mogan
differed with him and ordered him into
custody. The case will be heard to-mor
row.
Mrs. Heyer Is the divorced wife of Mar
tin A. Devitt, a member of the firm, of
L>evitt, Tremble & Co., stock, brokers and
bankers o£ Chicago. L»evitt was her sec
ond husband and shortly after their mar
riage he became suspicious of her and
Heyer, who was at that time a clerk in
a. -wholesale hardware house in Chicago.
He employed private detectives to watch
the couple and Instituted suit for divorce,
making Heyer co-respondent. The di
vorce was granted about four months ago
and Devitt gave his divorced wife a pres
ent of 313,000.
Soon atterward she and Heyer were
married, but it was not long before he
was arrested for beating- her. She refused
to prosecute and the case was dismissed.
They left Chicago and came to this city,
furnishing a flat at 1116 Feh street in ele
gant style. Tuesday night, W. Wool
dridge, a cisar dealer at 119 Montgomery
etreet. and Miss Emmie Field of 1162
Broadway, Alameda, called at the Heyer
flat to spend the evening. Heyer was in
an ugly mood and quarreled with, his
¦wife, at whom he fired a shot. The bul
let passed through a silk wrapper which
Fhe wore. She then telephoned to the
O'Farrell-street police station and Police
man C. B. Harris went to the house and
placed Heyer .under arresL
Heyer was taken to the O'Farrell-street
police station and later to che City Prison
lie had been there only a few minutes
when his wife, accompanied by Wool
dridge and Miss Field, called to ball him
out. Mrs. Heyer offered Assistant War
rant and Bond Clerk Flood her check for
$5000 on the San Francisco Savings Union,
producing her bank book to show that she
had the money on deposit. Flood refused
to accept the check and then Wooldrldge
and Miss Field gave a bond for $1000,
qualifying on the property at 1162 Broad
way, Alameda.
When Heyer was released his wife had
eone home and as soon as he reached the
house he commenced to chastise her for
having him arrested. He nearly broke
her jaw and this so enraged ».er that she
came to court yesterday morning with
the fixed purpose of prosecuting him.
When she heard the Judge remark that
her husband might get ten years for
fhooting at her. she relented and wanted
the case dismissed.
Prior to going into court, Heyer went
to thft Bond and Warrant Clerk's office
and asked for a warrant for his wife's
arrest on a charge of battery, but It was
refused. He claimed that she struck him
Alaskan's Trial Trip Is Postponed.
The. American-Hawaiian Steamship Com
pany's giant freighter, Alaskan. wa« to have'
had her trial trip yesterday, but unforeseen dif
ficulties in the way of coaling necessitated a
postponement. The trial will probably be held
The army transport Crook.- ¦ Captain Wal
cott, came down from v Mare Island yesterday
and docked at Folsom street wharf. While
at the navy yard she was placed on the dry
dock, cleaned and painted. Beyond a few
minor repairs the trooper was found to re
quire little overhauling. She is scheduled to
return to Manila April 20 or 21.. The Thomas
docked yesterday at the transport wharf. She
Is very foul of bottom and will have to go
on the dry dock before making another voy
ace. -¦ :r'--..
Crook Down From Nary-Yard. •
Captain Edwin T. Cole, Birth' Infantry, in
command of recruits: Captains Wilson, Mulr,'
Safforns. Wholley, f Lieutenants Brown, Mc-
Cleave, Nixon, Bowman, Bright, Barber, Vorls,
Booth and Strayer and Chaplain Pruden, Sec
ond Infantry; Captain A. W. Catlin. Lieuten
ants J. C. Deaumont, Griffin. Chandler, Camp,
bell, J. A. • Hughes and A. McAllister, accom
panying marines; Captain W. H. ! Dade, Lieu
tenants E. R. Whitmore, • Herbert - G. ¦ Shaw,
Fletcher Gardner and George K. Owens, med
ical officers; Major R. J. Gibson. Mrs. R. J.
Gibson and five children, Mrs. C. E. Koerper,
Assistant Surgeons Conrad E. Koerper, R. U.
Patterson, R. P. O'Connor. Roger Brooke Jr.,
V. E. Sweazey, M. . A. Delaney, Paul S. Hal
loran, William R. Eastman and Perry • L.
Boyer. Mrs. Catlin and child, Mrs. J. N.
Killan and three children, Major Frank L.
Dodds, Major L. E. Goodler, Major C. Rich
ard, Mrs. C. V. Howard and two children. C.
V. Howard. Captain Julius N. . Kllean, Mrs.
Thomas H. Wilson, and sister, Mrs. . John N,
Wholley and child, Mrs. A. A. Pruden. Mrs.
Frank L. Dodds, two daughters and son, Mlsa
Alice McMurran, Miss • Stella Allison, B. ." J.
Lucy, T. S. Pugh, Mrs. C. Richards and. two
children. Mrs. E. E. Roberts, Mrs. Charles E.
Freeman, Mrs. H. H. Tebbetts. Mrs; W. H.
Point. Miss Burt, Captain J. A. Logan. Mrs.
Edwin T. Cole. Mrs. Henry L. Kennlson and
child. Captain William H. Wilson. Mrs. E.
V. N. Bissell, Major George K: Hunter. Major
L. W. Cooke. Captain A. Mitchell, Captain
H.' L. KeHnison, Lieutenants T. F. McGlnnis,
P. de-Funlak, W. H. Point, E. Van Bissell.
Charles S. Tarlton, Frank R. . Curtis, George
W. England, Charles M. Blackford, '¦ Leighton
Powell, W. R. Kendrick. Major. J. Garrard,
Lieutenants J. R. McAndrews, J. S. Fair, Dr.
R. Grimsley, Dr. M. J. Dunn, D. A. Everett,
Lieutenant Colonel H. O. 8. Heistand," Mrs.
L. W. Cooks. Mrs. E. R. Whitmore and child
W. McLaughlln. * . : . ¦ . •
The Sherman has been at the Union Iron
Works since she arrived here, January t>,
1901. until a few days ago, when she re
turned to the transport, dock and was
placed in commission for 'active service.
She is now the most perfectly equipped
of all the ' transports and is said to be
from every standpoint the finest troop
ship In the world.
She sailed yesterday with fifty-one re
cruits, 100 marines, 416 members of the
Second Infantry. and 47' hospital corps
men. In addition to" these she carried
cabin passengers as follows:-
on the ferry depot dropped to the
base of the flagstaff the Sherman's lines
were cast off and tho big- trooper com
menced her long- voyage, on schedule time
to the second. A bugler. in the .Wiscon
sin tooted the strains of "Auld Lang
Syne" as the Sherman backed down the
bay, and in response to soldier cheers the
battleship's band played patriotic -airs
until the army vessel was beyond hearing
distance. The transport spent several
hours In the bay adjusting her compasses
before she passed out to sea. '
AFTER a sojourn in port of more
..than a year's duration the army
' transport Sherman sailed-yester
day for Manila. As the. time ball
All signs of coal dust havlns been washed
away the battleship Wisconsin was yesterday
thrown open to the inspection -of the public.
Many took advantage of this opportunity to
see one of Uncle Sam's biggest modern float-
Ing fortresses,- and . during the ' afternoon a
constant procession of deeply laden launches
plied between shore and battleship. Visitors
will be allowed on board again j Saturday and
Sunday afternoons. /.'.--.
Visitors to, the Wisconsin.
i Harry W. Heyer Is Jailed
for TryiDg to Kill
His Spouse.
FIRES A SHOT
AT HIS WIFE
Saturday, and if satisfactory the Alaskan will
Ftart on Monday . or Tuesday ' on her maiden
voj-agre. The vessel's enormous size is respon
sible for the delay. So high do her 6ldes stand
out of the water that it was found almost Im
possible to Vlace the coal on '. board ' with or
dinary gear. She has over twenty-five feet
of freeboard and the loading chutes with which
the average coal lighter is equipped are not
sufficiently elevated to reach over this height:.
A 8 a result the work of coaling the monster
has progressed very slowly." Future coaling
operations will probably be conducted by haul
ing the vessel under the coal bunkers, where
the chutes are , placed at an elevation grtat
enough to overreach even the Alaskan's tower
inr sides. .
THURSDAY. APRIL? 17.
Sun rises .' . . . . .5:31 L
Sun ¦ sets. ....;.- .'..;.. . ; . . ~ 0'4iJ
Moon gets............ .-.2:30 a. m/
O Time Time Time Time
» - Ft. — Ft." Ft. Ft.
? L W H W L.W H W ~* V
17 1:23 2.5 '.7:22 Te "T^3S ~O8 *8^31 Ts
18 2:20 1.9 8:31 4.7 2:33 1.1 9:13 6 5
19 3:10 . 1.4 9:32 4.8 '3:10 1.3 0-51 . 5 - (J
20 3:G7 1.0 10:27 4.0 3:50 1.6 10:27 55
21 4:39 0.7 11:19 4.9 '4:34 1.9 11:01 65
22 5:10 0.5 12:05 4.7 5:10 2.2 11-34 • 54'
23, 5:50 0.2 12:52 4.6 B:44 <2.i.;.-~.
HW . I, W H W ' • .. L w'-''* v
24. 0:03 5.3 0:35 0.2 1:39 .4.4 6:19 'j 2.8
NOTE— In the above exposition) of the" tides
the early morning tides are given I in | the I left
hand < column and the successive c tides ; of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
TO SAIL.
Steamer. " . Destination. |Sails. Pier.
April 17. •. - . ;
Corcnado.. Orays Harbor K pm Pier 2
G.C.Lind'er Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier S
Arctic... Humboldt .. ; ... 10 am Pier 2
Alliance... Portland &/Way Pts 5 pm Pter 16
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Pomona. . . Humboldt ....>:..: 1 :30 p Pier : 9
J.S.Klmb'll Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
April IN. ' /
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Acapulto... Panama &' Way Pts 12 m PM38
April 10. .:* eP«S
Kmplre.... Coos -Bay 10 am Pier 13
Arcata... .. Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier. 13
Kureka. .. . Humboldt ..........12 m Pier 13
Pt. Arena. . Point < Arena ...;.. 2 pm Pier 2
Alameda... Honolulu.... 2 pm Pier 7
Portland... Nome via' Seattle.. 2 pm Pier 10
April 20.
Mandalay.. Coquille River ....10 am Pier 2
Phoenix Mendocino City 12 m Pier 13
Argo....... Ferndale & Eel Riv 12 m Pier 2
Spokane... San Diego A Way. 0 am Pier It
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
. April 21. :.:::•: ••'¦: •
Umatllla... Puget. Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 8
: . April 22.
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
Lakme..... Astoria & Portland Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt : 9 am Pier 2
April 2:«.
China. . ; . . . China & Japan. . .'. 1 pm PMSS
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier ; 2
Columbia.. Astoria & 'Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 24. . I
Santa Cruz. Newport & Way Pts 9 am [Pier 11'
April< 25. . ... 1 ,.,;,,,.¦;;
BtrsleK... Golofnin Bay-Teller ...... Pier —
¦? . April 20. .
City Puebla Puget .Sound Ports 11 am Pier 0
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma.. 0 pm Pier -8
, April 28. . • . ,
San Juan..' Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMSS -
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier. 2
FROM SEATTLE. ...
Steamer. ¦' ¦" • ; - For. SalU.
City Seattle :. Skarway & Way Ports. Apr. ( IT.
Dolphin. . . . . . Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 1J>
CityofTopeki Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
Farallon ..... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
' Nome City. . . Nome direct .... ..... ; . Apr. 21
Al-Kl........ Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 23
Jeanle. ...... Nome direct. ....:....;. Apr. 24
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Apr. 25
CotUge City. Skagway:.& Way.: Ports. | Apr.- 30'
Shipping ¦ Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- V . Wednesday, April 16. ; >
i Etmr iWashtenaw. ;. Harding:, > 88 hours j from
Tacoraa. ¦' • •'. •¦• ¦ ¦' .¦ ' ¦¦ • . ' • '•v'., ;
'Slmr. Santa -Monica,'^ Olsen, " 30 hours 'from
San Pedro. • . '-• ¦ ' ; ¦. .
- Stmr Coauille River, -Johnson, 17. hours from
Fort ,Bra&e. ' ;. V .
. Br ' atmr Wyefleld, Watson, ' 4 • days ; from
Comcx; -.up river. . • ¦ " >-¦ ¦> ., . .
, Schr Newark, Nielsen. 10 hours from Stew
arts •¦ Point. '¦' : : • : ' , ¦ . ' ¦¦¦'¦•
; CL.KARED. [ .
. , ,/'¦; ;:~ •-Wednesday/;- April. 16.' 'i
' Stmr ¦ State • of- California,' ¦ Thomas, - San
Diegro; Goodall, Perkins ; & Co.' ¦ : ¦ . ¦
,.-, ;. SAILED.
Wednesday, April 16.. :
;• Stmr.' Santa Cruz,' Nlcolbon,' San Pedro.
Stmr Queen. Hall, Victoria and Puget Sound
ports. awiw«J.aMl!^gwq!laiB» <l lllteMBBW«iflM»B«J
; • Stmr 1 Progreso, .- Sears, . Seattle. / ¦ ¦
' Stmr ; Newburjr.': Peterson. ¦ Grays Harbor. :
,' Stmr ¦•• Luella; ' Madsen. •. Caspar. ; . - ' »-,.-.•;
8tmr*W>H KruKer,?Ahlin." Tlllamook Bay.
. U-S itmr' Bear," Tuttle, Seattle. •• . :¦
• Ship L.uclle,7 Anderson, -Bristol- Bay.' V
, Bark » Himalaya, . Thompson. . Bristol . Bay.
• Schr- Gen Banning,' Benewitz, "^ Mazatlan. , .- .
¦ Schr. Parkersburg,-. EllenKsen, Coqullle River.
Schr Alice, Grant,; Seattle. . ¦ - - -
• Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega. :.
-,¦" -.¦•*>¦: . spoken.' ¦ -.;.'. \. :, - : .
March'. 24,' lat ' 1 ' N, r Ion 3 ; 1W— Br ship ! Tra
vancore." from. : Oregon, * for. Queens town, j/ .- n. »
.-.•: TELEGRAPHIC, . -'
.-- POINT LOBOS,- April' 16M0 p m— Weather
thick; wind S W, :%-elocity : 12 < miles ¦ per' hour. • •
¦¦;¦: -,'' ¦ ••DOMESTIC, PORTS.. ' .
- EUREKA— Sailed 1/ADrli : 16-^-Stmr Homer,
for; San; Pedro ijetmrs 'Brunswick "and Eureka,
. for San - Francisco : , schrs ; J , G . Wall and Mary
Dodce.tfor.'San Francisco. .' •"-..•
Sails for Manila With^Recruits and Part of Second Infantry on Board*
Commences Voyage With Military Promptness*
SHERMAN AFTER A YEAR IN PORT
RESUMES SERVICE AS TROOP SHIP
5
A UNITED STATES SENATOR
n win I Bail um 3 Ly Ubiiii i uii
vAl/lF.ORniA
H * W T^^T W- r B*^ IP* Wh i
// 1 es^™ Chicago in V
(j J^^*^|p=^\ three D^y»s i
B EYE CLASSES 1
9 with Antiseptic Nose Grips, fl
f& made of vegetable ¦ fiber and fj
&| .camphor, guaranteed non- ''\^
H| cancerous, and do not fa
m wound the hose. Wl
PRICES MODERATE.
BAJA CALIFORNIA,
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IN VIGOR Jb>
tor and Nervine.
The moat wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, - for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases oC the Kid-
ntys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
JJABKR. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
I EEET GALL
16 Pages. $1 pep Year
The Host lauds it. , The Clubs
keep it. ' The Cafe favors it. The . •
Dealer can't do without it and the
Press yersifies it, thus :
''_':' ' - ' v ¦ ¦ . -
The thing that makes your heart unfold
And bubble in its finest glee, " U
Is Hunter Whiskey, good and old —
World : famed for age and puri-tee.
It fills your soul with pleasant dreams,;
With' pleasant dreams of joy untold, ;
And opens up a batch of schemes v
For laying in the red, red gold..
Oh, Hunter Whiskey, e'er the same,'
You never change like Fortune's run,
But always honor bring, with fame,* ¦
To William Lanahan and Son. '
/ oraKrr & wise cojatissiou co.. ine- .
22342>5Californi»6t.,S«nFrtinclsco,Caait I
!/.'."¦/-- ;¦;; Telephone JUln J7X ¦
: The Poets' Corner
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TO THE MAN WHO THINKS.
]jp*^OOK yourself squarely in the face and see
A rSj, if you. are not half ashamed to be without,.;
I Ivory Soap in your house. Worse than this, ,
I M;^l your f wife is v/ithout it. It is bad enough
for a man, though a man often doesn't care how
his comfort is mis-spelled. But a woman misses all
these little helps to housekeeping. And Ivory Soap
is one ; its great potency makes it actually cheaper
than yellow soap for general work. It floats.
'co'>»ii«t im ir the rnocreit « uuu Co. Cincinnati
THE MAN FOR ME!
/js The Happy Man!
\^^m^ The Man With Grit!
; \ Th e m^n whose look and ac-
\ tion show him to be one of na-
rmjfoii±r\ A ture's models, the man who ;
WlW £ ras P s >* our lian(1 with a strength
<^^!/ wUk!' w and * s s ile that say> " l am a
W m^ me the man with
fi"-5"'^^^^^^B^k r confidence in himself, the man
¦HW^j8/^^^K"{ who does not hesitate to do what
T^r * ¦tymB& he thinks is risht ' and l wil1 sho w
'^ you a man you can trust.
I ADMIRE MEN OF POWER!
AikI I have devoted my life to developing them. I know that Electricity is the force
that makes vitality, and I vise it to build up men who are nervous, hesitating sleep-
less, failing in memory, losing self-confidence, weak in heart and stomach' losing
youthful ambition and courage. Men like that, or those with pains in the back rheu-
matism, sciatica an<! those other troubles which follow a loss of nature's vital 'powe-r
I can cure. I can make them feel younjr. strong and energetic with my Electric Belt'
If ycu arc such a man come to me. My Belt is in a. class by Itself. I take the other
hind in trade.
G*>t my book. It has facts you will be interested in. It is free if you 'will inclose
this ad. Consultation free. * * '
DP M C McLautfhlin <02 market street
UK. Ill* V. 1 ICLiUVgimil; San Francisco. Cal.
Office Hours — S a. m. to 8:30 p. m. 10 a. m. to l.p. m. Sunday.
Says Pe-ru-na, the Catarrh Cure,
Gives Strength and Appetite.
;; ¦ ; .'-.' ¦'./.. ¦:¦:¦- *~ 4
: Hon. W. N. Roach, Ex-United States Senator from North Dakota. ¦•
; &. — ".'.''.'. " ". ~ — - — • — ¦ : o;;-
¦". Hon. W.. N. Roach, ex-United States Senator from North Dakota, oer- !,
sonally indorses Peruna, the great catarrh cure and tonic. In a recent letter n
to The Peruna Medicine Company, at Columbus, Ohio, written from Wash- n
lngton, D. C.', Senator Roach says: ,,
"Persuaded by a friend, I have used Peruna as a tonic, and '
I am^ glad to testify that it has greatly helped me in strength, ' '<
vigor and appetite, /have been advised by friends that it is ',',
remarkably; efficacious as a curejor the almost universal com- ',',
plaint of catarrhr"— IV. N. Roach; Lanmore, North Dakota. \ \
No other \ remedy r \caii [take the pface of Peruna. ::
io' ;"• \\ ' '• • > ' ' [ "\ *''/ ' "'', — ¦ —^— — '" . ' •&"
x Mr.' Ed' J. Maklnson,. contractor and remedy. Peruna, comes as a great "
,, builder, 610 .Grand, block, Wabash boon. Not only Is it more successful "
,, street,- St. -Paul, .Minn;, says: ¦ • In curing catarrh than the treatment ".
. i .-.' •;'•:"- . ¦" ¦ .-,-- "Many doc- of the catarrh specialists, but it. is '
t:; I- tor bills can within "the reach of every person in ¦"
i be Eaved °y thls land. Peruna can be bought at "
m i '^.^^0% i t^ le use °f C " an^ drugstore, and is a remedy wlth-
£t . '^^^ ,, runa. I have out equal for catarrh In all forms, J
' kTL ' •' \ • i all my frlend3 coughs, colds, bronchitis, consumption
I B3 iCa ,, i taking Peru- and all climatic diseases of winter. ?
. " /K*« ¦<, na.and'I have Peruna is not a gries3 nor an experi- ?
' VflM "* Y^i .. heard nothing ment; it Is an absolute, scientific cpr- ?
, " ' . ; .v^» ik- . . \ / ' : - , , 'but p r a I s e | tainty. Peruna cures catarrh wherever t
'¦ * nf aL'JfVS'Vj • : I f r o m them. I located. Peruna bas no sub ttltutes — no "
, , " ltfrf^y^VS ' Last fall I had ( rivals. Insist upon having Peruna. Let ?
1 >**O^*>\ S '¦" a bad cough, no one persuade ycu that some other •
''JaScyth't^viHss^S ! I '" took ¦ four remedy will do nearly as well. There Is "
" * «»^^X.*6i-V 1 >^ < i^V " bottles of Pe- no other systemic remedy for catarrh *
1 t WlsgfiW&MgMpt''' runa and u but Peruna.
" =^&-rc!*''> ' cured me. I Mr. Byron J. KIrkhuff, attorney and ' '
1 'tf^z^^xs^^s ' a m inclined . . ,,,.....,,.. counselor -at- "
I - 5=S\ "¦ ,® w ' toward, con- a --. 4 law, writes "
II *"•"•• • I sumption, as ,; jgf^g&s^ I from 691 Gates "
!:¦ "Mr.. E.J.-Makinson,-i all my. family A f^^^\ 4 Ave., Brook- •
" Contmrtor and , 'have died , . |£g % ,, lyn, N. T.. "
' Builder ¦ 4 with. -It. I I OgL . '_1) , , the following: << .
1 Builder. I weigh 1SJ " W tSS 0f\ \ * "I have used "
' •• •••••••••• •,• pounds, -and- 1- ¦ - - • f| \ ¦ I \ ¦" your Peruna "
belleve.it is Peruna that hae given me " j ' ¦ vs <-A^ / \ I for catarrh ?
such good health."— E. J. Maklnson. M igfapi' \ " and find Its t
As a result of the changeable cli- ¦ , \&%53M ' I curative pow- ?
mate catarrh has become one of tho I JrefJft$ff—~ 1 ers all you ?
most prevalent and universal diseases (i I recommend.lt ?
known to man. Nearly one-third of , , «^^^ f JSr^l I cured me of a •
' the people o£ the United States are J J very bad at- *
' afnicted with catarrh In some of its " I tack. and ?
( many phases and stages. Add to this " 1^- " though I suf- «
the fact that catarrh rapidly- tends to '.«„"_- t vi,w,nfl> ! feredfor ?
become fixed or chronic, also the fur- " nfl t y»™ I feel*
' ther fact that it Is capable of produc- ¦' At S?5, n^ o1 ?L n a f entirely re >
Ing a great many other.diseases, and " «??»«¦ " Weved. and If <>
we begin to realize the true nature of t ai w * t n will benefit f
¦ this dread disease.?.-' . . .' >. -J -,•;, , >•¦••••»«»•.•«**• others I glad- >
So formidable has - catarrh become ly give It my Indorsement."— B. J. . 4* .
-that. In any, city or town, of any -size Kirkhuff. ''-<>••
' .numerous doctors are to be found who , If you do not derive prompt and sat- 4
> make, the treatment "Of : catarrh -a' spe- i*factory results from the use of Pe- ,,
¦ cialty.'.Of course, a great deal of good runa, write at once to Dr. Hartmap, ,,
¦ is accomplished in 'this '. way, ; but- as giving a full statement of your case, u
' yet a comparatively, small number • of and he will be pleased to give you his , ,
< the people can avail: themselves of valuable advice gratis. ,,
1 this treatment- because" of the great Address Dr.'" Hartman. President of •
1 expense necessarily attached to.lt. The Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, *
(1 To all. such people Dr. Hartman's Ohio. * 4rHURSDAY APRIL 17. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor
I'CULICATIO.V OFFICE... JInrket and Third. S. F.
EDITORIAL HOO3IS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department X°« Wish.
Delivered hy Carriers, IS Ont» T*r lVeelc.
y fflnsrle Copies, S Cexts.
Term* by Mall. Including l'ostaget
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year.. ....$•. 00
DAILY CALL mtcludlnr Sunday), e menthe.... 8.00
DAILY CALL U&cludlns Sunday). 3 months 1.80
DAILY CALL— Br Single Month <SSe
eUNDAY CALL. Ob* Year... 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmasters nre authorized to reaelre
subscriptions.
Staple copies will be forwarded when requested.
ilall nsbrertbers In ordering ehanre of *ddr««* should be
rtrUcclar to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to icture a, prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKXAXD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGB KROCXKSS.
IiUftt FcTtlfE AtTtrtiricg, SJtrqcettf Bniliiaj, Ch!c»;j.
(Long -Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
XEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CUILTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTErHEX B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
CHICAGO NEWS STAND3: *
Fherrr.ar. Boure; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont Hocse; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICI3. . . .1400 G St., W. W.
JIORTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
BRAXCH OFFICES— 627 Montromerr. corner cf Cliy. open
cnttl S:sr> o'clock. SO0 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 033
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
P:S0 o'clock. 1841 Uisclon. open until 10 o'clock. 2281
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 V«-
Icocla. cpen until 9 o'clock. 10* Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. XW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmore. open until 0 p. m.
The great demand for seats at. Fischer's
Theater to see "Fiddle Dee Dee" contin
ues, and the burlesque will -undoubtedly
run for many weeks. New features have
been added, and there will be changes- of
•the specialties every week hereafter.
Harry Hermsen has a song that he will
Bing to-night tiiat Is Just new from Weber
The Central is doing its usual excellent
business with "Dangers of a Great City"
this week. . The management has secured
the services of Earle Brown of New York
City as leading man, and the clever actor,
who has received the best commendations
f roni Eastern press and | public, will make
his Initial appearance at the Central April
28 in the "Slaves of the Orient." Mr.
Brown has once before visited San Fran
cisco in Henry Miller's company. He is
regarded as one of the handsomest men
in the theatrical profession. " V,v- •
"Why Smith Left Home" Is convulsing
Alcazar audiences this week and keeping
the house well filled nightly. It is one of
the. best of the Broadhurst comedies and
done admirably by the Alcazar people.
Next week "The Two Escutcheons" will
be put on. "When the Heart Was Young"
will be staged May 5.
"The Fortune Teller" Is proving a very
popular successor to "The Serenade" at
.the Tivoli. .All.the. Tivoli favorites are
very, ..well placed,. Anna LJehter In the
name role, Cunningham, Gordon and
Frances Graham assisting with the sing
ing parts, and Webb, Hartman and Cash
man holding: up the comedy end of things
with notable success. The ensemble work
is very effective, the settings bright and
smart and the topical songs and jokes
kept up to the minute.
4* • *
role does one of her strongest pieces of
work. The supporting company is quite
up . to the requirements and the piece is
lavishly mounted. Next week, the last of
Melbourne MacDowell's engagement, will
be given over to the Sardou repertoire.
Edward Harrigan follows In his famous
comedies. ¦ ¦
Such "speculations are ingenious, but do riot-, come
within the domain of practical politics. .Moreover
they overlook altogether the influence of local 'patriot
ism" which a man draws from the land he lives in. The
American may have; been' born' of/ British', '-"German,'!
Out of the increasing migration of Americans to
the "new lands there has arisen a curious discussion
as to its probable effect on the political future of
Canada. It is asserted by some that the American
settlers will eventually, so far exceed the native Cana
dians in. numbers that the ( Western provinces will be
come essentially Ame'rican, and that through their
influence the annexation of Canada to the United
States will be peaceably effected. One writer says:
"It would at least make it certain that Canada could
not' adopt easily any policy, inimical to the United
States. Beyond question this population movement
makes for friendly relations and liberal international
policies." ; .•'"¦. . " .
~A short time ago the Boston Transcript published
a report from a correspondent at Minneapolis to the
effect that at the present rate of emigration from this
country to. Central and Western Canada, upward of
2,000,000 Americans will have settled in that country
within twenty years. The attraction to settlers has
been the rich wheat and pasture lands of Manitoba
and Assiniboia, and these are still far from being any
thing like filled up. - In fact the Canadian boomers
declare their great Western territories could support
a population of 75,000,000, if given proper cultivation!
At the present time the vast area of 2,144,796 square
miles has a population of only 656,464, of wljlom more
than .two-thirds live in Manitoba and British Colum
bia. Having then so much rich and well watered land
to spare, it' is significant of a high degree of enter
prise on the part of the Canadians that they should
undertake to. provide- further attractions by irrigat-'
irg arid lands.-
The proposed irrigation of arid lands in Canada is
the more important to us because for some years past
the Canadian Government has been trying to induce
settlers from the United States to take lands in the
Canadian Northwest, make homes there and build up
the Dominion^ The efforts have been of late remark
ably successful, and American migration to Canada
has become so extensive as to attract general atten-
WHILE Congress is hesitating and halting
over the proposed programme of irrigation
of the arid lands of the country, the Cana
dians, according to an official report from Consul
General Bittenger at Montreal, have made arrange
ments for redeeming upward of 3,000,000 acres of arid
land between Calgary and Medicine Hat. This action,
taken in connection with the plans already put into
operation by the Dominion and the Provincial gov
ernments for the protection and conservation of the
forests of the country, shows that in some important
respects Canadian statesmen are wiser than our own.
CANADIAN PROGRESS.
If, the opponents of the claims of the- aspiring Ter
ritories carl support their position with no better ar
guments than that they had -better give up with good
gracej; and ; vote ; for admission. " t ; Each j of ; the • Terri- ¦
tones? has a much' larger , area than "most of ; the older.
States, ; and there" is every prospect they will increase,
steadily ; in population. They.; are; already: well fitted
forbearing the' burdens of complete self-government
and should be welcomed to statehood 'without furtHer
("delay".' ;, ; " ¦
In this argument we have a curious survival of the
old contest: between the large States and the little;
States that disturbed politics at the foundation of the
Union and led to the adoption of . the plan j of giving
each State equal representation in the Senate, while
proportioning the ' Representatives to population.
In those old days such interstate jealousies were not
wholly without cause, but it is difficult to understand
why they { should be felt in this day and' generation.
IfjArizona, Oklahoma and New Mexico are not to be
admitted to the dignity of statehood until they ; are as
populous as New York and Illinois, or even as-States
of medium^population, "".they will have ' ; to\ wait. a" long
time, and, nothing \vould be gained by compelling
them to wait. Senators from small States are not
less worthy, than Senators from big States. -They, do
not : vote : solidly on any issue, and so far as ; practical
politics is.concerned it matters little; whether the Sen
ator who votes for Republican measures comes from
Pennsylvania. or from. Rhode Island; "or whether he
who .votes for Democratic policies hails from Texas
or from "Delaware. - ' T .'"-. ¦-' ' .'
The main argument of the opposition to the meas
ure is based upon the plea that the -admission of
the three States will unduly increase the membership
of the Senate in proportion to that of the House. A
recent dispatch from Washington. giving a summary
of the situation says those who afe hostile to the bill
/'have been studying the census report for 1900 and
find there are fifteen States with a population com
bined of 1,064,000 voters. These States are Idaho,
Delaware, Montana, Nevada, North Dakota, Utah
and Wyoming, with one. member each in the House
of Representatives, and Colorado, Florida, New-
Hampshire, Oregon, Rhode Island, : South Dakota,
Washington and Vermont, each having two members
in the House of Representatives. These fifteen
States, witha voting population of less than that of
either New York or Illinois, have only twenty-three
members of the House, but thirty United States Sen
ators. In the House they have no undue proportion
of power, but in the Senate they represent one-third
of that body and are ableto exercise great power in
all legislation."
ARIZONA, Oklahoma and New Mexico, have
been so far successful in their fight for admis
sion to the Union at this session of Congress
as to have; obtained from the Committee on Terri
tories a report favorable to their aspirations. It is
further claimed by their delegates at Washington
that a canvass of the House shows a strong majority
in favor of admission. . The opposition, however,
though in a minority, as formidable, and while the
prospects of the measure ar^ bright, success is by no
means certain.. ' .
FIGHTING FOR STATEHOOD.
Professor Barett Wendell of Harvard is reported
to have said in a recent lecture that there is a certain
editor in New York who "ought to be in hell." He
6. not name the fellow, but the audience under
stood and applauded mightily; and it is now up to
the public to guess whom he meant. . .
There was a very short corn crop last year, and
the beef trust officials declare the high price of beef
is due solely, to that fact, but this year there is every
prospect of a big crop and now we shall soori see
if that corn rule works both ways. .
SENATOR DEPEW has followed Senator Pen
rose in devising a means whereby without di
rectly opposing the election of United States
btnators by the popular vote the movement toward
it can be defeated. Like the Senator from Penn- ;
tylvania he has declared on the floor of the Senate
a willingness to submit his own candidacy to the
people, but in the committee-room he has submitted
in amendment that will surely kill the resolution
passed by the House.
The amendment declares: "The qualifications of
citizens entitled to vote for United States Senators
and Representatives in Congress shall be uniform in
all the States, and Congress shall have power to en
force this article by appropriate legislation, and to
provide for the registration of citizens entitled to
vote, the conduct of such elections and the certifi-
It will be seen that the Depew amendment is much
more ingenious than that of Penrose and is therefore
much 'more dangerous. The proposal of the Penn
sylvania Senator that in amending the constitution
so as to admit of the election of Senators by direct
vote of the people provision should be made for ths
apportionment of Senators among the States in pro
portion to population is too crude to be effective.
No considerable number of persons could be brought
to insist upon such an amendment, and consequently
it could not be used to divide the supporters of the
original icsolution. The Depew amendment is not
crude. It will command a very large support. In
fact, it has already obtained the support of a majority
of the Senate committee, and it will give a good
rrany Senators an excuse for voting against the
original resolution unless the amendment be ac
cepted. ' , *".';'"
Strong, however, as may be the sentiment in favor
of equal suffrage laws throughout the Union, it will
not be strong enough to set aside the American doc
trine that each State should regulate its own elec
tions and determine for itself the qualifications for
franchise. Senator Depew doubtless i? well aware of
that fact, and has introduced his amendment not with
any expectation of seeing it adopted, but solely with
a view of affording himself and some of his col
leagues a chance to escape the necessity of having
to vote directly against the resolution. , .
It is but fair to the New York Senator to say he
makes a good and strong argument for his proposi
tion. After referring to the JFact that "a number. of
States have by various devices prevented a third or
more ol citizens recognized as such by the constitu
tion of the United States from exercising the right
of suffrage," and pointing out that the evil does not
receive the attention it merits because the House of
Representatives being elected by the people, the
unjust discrimination is not acutely felt, he goes on
to. say: "But if in the election of United States Sen
ators a small oligarchy in any State is to Tend an
equal representation here to legislate with great
States like New York, which have nfanhood suf
frage; if States in which half of the votes are dis
franchised are to have an equal voice in this body
with States like Pennsylvania, of five or ten times
their population and with manhood suffrage; if New
York, because that commonwealth by the manhood
suffrage casts 1,547.912 votes, is to be neutralized in
legislation affecting her vast interests by Mississippi,
casting 55.000 votes, because the maj-iity of her. citi
zens arc disfranchised, then the situation becomes in
tolerable." , •
No one can question the truth of that statement,
and yet the only practical effect of the Senator's
proposition will be the defeat of the movement for
the election of Senators by direct vote of ths people.
Thus another much desired reform is blocked by the
Southern question and another illustration given of
the extent to which a local wrong may prove, a na
tional evil.
: E. S. Wlllard has won high approval for
his artistic performance in Barrie's com
edy v "The Professor's Love Story" at the
Columbia . Theater this week: The' play
will. be the bill up to and including Satur
day'night. For the third and final, week
of his; stay, the distinguished actor will
appear in a repertoire of three of his best
performances. , On Monday ¦ and Friday
nights and Saturday matinee T. W. Rob
ertson's "David : Garrlck" ; Charles Dick
ens'' VTom ,! Pinch? 'will be offered on
Tuesday, r "Wednesday / and Thursday
nights and will no doubt prove an attrac
tive novelty,- and_"The . Professor's ; Love
Story" will close the engagement on Sat
urday night.' "Following: Wlllard at 'the
Columbia . Theater come ; N.'v C.^ Goodwin
and t Maxine Elliott in- "When We Were
Twenty-One."
¦ • .. ' ¦ ' * • • ¦.¦¦'.:.
v Saturday night will mark the farewell
of Williams and Walker and their hilar
iously funny show at the California, and
the ; only, matinee will , be ' given Saturday
afternoon.; It '.has .been the. most popular
engagement L of ; the; season, large crowds
greeting the colored ; stars at every ; per
formance. 1 On Sunday the California will
be in the hands of the decorators and ren
ovators. -_. New ;carpets. throughout, and
new : furnishings are . to be put In,
and', on i Monday • night the" theater will
emerge spick and span ror the opening of
the Nelll season.;' The Neills are deserved,
ly popular among' local I theater-goers and
their, annual home coming, to the -Calif or
uia is getting to be a distinct event., .v.;"
•.The play for the first week will be Cap
tain Lettarblair"' in .which the Neills are
exceptionally . good, and :«¦ for. the , - second
week ' the * most : recent . Eastern - success
"The Starbucks," by ; Opie Read, will be
•given: ¦•¦/ '.;?<¦¦¦• '¦-'. .-.-¦';." .- '¦
.'. *. • -'•
* -'"Fedora," the current bill at the ' Grand
Opera-house, Is* doing . excellent: business
this week.^ ; Mr/ MacDo well as iLoris Ipan
off;has a j part , to \ which^ he ? is '- peculiarly
well, suited, and Miss Stone in the. title
v A NOTICEABLY larger houEe greet
/\ ed Mrs. Fannie Bloomfleld Zeis
r~\ ler yesterday afternoon at the
~ .'*• Metropolitan Temple at her sec
ond recital, though It was still an
absurd audience In . comparison with the
eminence of the attraction. As on the oc
casion of Mrs. Zeisler's last visit here, the
concertgoers are slowing waking to the
fact that a great pianist is among them,
and probably, .as it was then, the later
concerts will, be crowded. No. pianist ap
pearing 1 here . has been greeted by more
spontaneous and hearty applause than
was accorded to Mrs. Zeisler's efforts yes
terday afternoon. After the Chopin group,
that ended with a brilliant rendering of
the G minor "Ballade," the pianist was
recalled with . thunderous demand, that
she gracefully satisfied by giving the
•"Butterfly" etude of Chopin. The ap
plause, broke out again .wildly, and Mrs.
Zelsler gave a second encore when the
tumult of enthusiasm had somewhat sub
sided. •
Scarlatti, with the favorite "Pastorale"
and "Capricclo," headed the programme
of yesterday afterneon, and his old-world
graces were Interpreted with crystalline
clearness by the distinguished pianist.
The Beethoven sonata was the op. 31, No.
3, and throughout was -wonderfully hand
led, the lovely menuetto serving to show
to peculiar advantage the beautiful sing
ing quality of Mrs. Zeisler's tone.'
The Chopin numbers . Included the
VMarche ¦ Funebre";- the rarely given
"Etude," op. 25, No. 3: the "Mazourka,"
op. 33, No. 2, and the . before-mentioned G
minor ."Ballade," A Rubinstein nocturne,
the Raff "Rigaudon," a chic and charac
teristic "Serenade Espagnole," by Za
rembski;' the "Chant Sans > Paroles" . of
Tschatkowskl and the ! Liszt "Rhapsodle
No. 12," a heroic rendering, exhibiting the
resources of Mrs. Zeisler's marvelous
technique, , completed the /programme,
i: Mrs. Zeisler's third recital takes place
to-night. " She will play the following
movements:
Prelude and Fugue, No. 5, D major Bach
Sonate, Op. 10, No. 2... ........... .Beethoven
"Hark, Hark, the Lark"?
"The Erl-kingr" 5 . . Schubert-Liszt
"Des Abends" Schumann
'_'The Prophet-Bird" Schumann
Novelette,: Op. 21, No. 7.. ....... ....Schumann
Valse, .Op.. 64, No. 1 . . '. . .Chopin
Etude, Op. 10, No. 1 Chopin
Andante. Spianato and Polonaise, Op. 22.. Chopin
Barcarole, Op." 80, No. 1.. '.,..'.. ....Rubinstein
Ballade (flr«t movement ': from Fantasle, V; •
.. ; . Op.; 143) : . . : . . ... ...-..: .Godard
Renouveau .(Etude. Op."- 82). :. .1. .. .....Godard
I 'Llebestraum' ' (Nocturne, No. 3) ...'....-. Liszt
Paraphrase on the "Fledermaus"- wait*.... "
.'.". . . . ... . . f. .... ........... . . Strauss-Schiiett
SENATOR DEPE WS FLAN.
With the elimination of the bosses and their
henchmen from the A campaign everything will be
propitious to Republican success. That much was
made abundantly evident at San Jose. Outside of the
Gage gang all were for harmony. It was a convention
to which the party can point with pride. There were
many aspirants for the Governorship present and
each of them had a host of friends, but there was no
slightest; show of ill-feeling except the one ill-bred
slur cast by Gage's letter. The bosses, then, are the
only , menace to the party. Let Billy Herrin's gang
be sent to the rear and there will be assured through
out the Republican host a harmony and an enthu
siasm that will render .victory a 'foregone conclusion
from the day the campaign opens.
The importance ofsuch a demonstration as that at
San'Jose should not be overlooked. The . people of,
California are well acquainted with the forces, that
are behind the Gage movement. The assurances he
gave in his former campaign of freedom from boss
control and railroad affiliations cannot be given again
without exciting derisive laughter. The people have
not forgotten how promptly/ after he took office
Gage j showed himself j conspicuously in the railroad
camp as an ally of Billy Herrin seeking the election
of Dan Burns to the United States Senate. They re
member how he has degraded the Normal schools
and the charitable institutions of the State to the
spoils of politics in order to provide salaries for
predatory politicians. They know also that he is a
party to the scheme embodied iri "Assembly consti
tutional amendment No. 28, by which corporations
in control of public utilities would be able to fix
rates to suit themselves and laugh at every attempt
on the part of the public to obtain redress. Know
ing these things, the rank' and, file of the Republican
party will not support the tool of the bosses. Gage
must go. .
OUT of. the convention of the State League of
Republican Clubs there has come a lesson so
clear that it cannot be mistaken -by any one.
—the lesson of harmony. There was but a single, dis-'
turbing feeling among the members from first to last,
and that was lest the bosses might attempt; by trick-:
ery or bulldozing to force an indorsement of Gage's
candidacy. There was but one disturbing incident in'
the proceedings, and that -was the letter from Gage
flinging insults at every other aspirant for the Gov
ernorship. Those facts are , significant. ' No one can
mistake their plain meaning. The one menace to Re
publican harmony and Republican success ; in ; this
campaign is the persistency of the corporations and
the bosses to force upon /the party the renomination
of the discredited Governor.
THE CONVENTION LESSON.
The shocking recital of criminal instincts, dastardly
purposes arid cruel actions which the 'court investiga
tion of the attack made upon an aged man in this city '_
reveals discloses a phase of local life which it is bet
ter, perhaps, for the public not to know. ,
We have long feared that the insistence upon this
policy would lead to just such an imprudent declara
tion. The manufacturers have been the constant ob
jects of protection ever since 1789. Their enterprises
have grown to enormously profitable proportions.
Their business is of such a nature that it lends itself
readily to combination, to an aggregation of re
sources for reaching a profitable market. So on
the one side they have protection by tariff and on the
other the mighty power of aggregated strength, and
yet it is pleaded for them that they must have a re
duction in Cuban duties of 50 per cent purchased
by a similar] Subvention to the Cuban farmer. This
will not be forgotten. The farmers caricombine on
only one day in the year, and that is. election dayyaifd •
if these criticisms and declarations are persisted in
the responsibility for such combination will be easily
fixed.
The Philadelphia Ledger and other Republican
organs of free trade repeat the offense in a no less
offensive form. That paper says: "The bill should
be passed, and if the reduction were SO per cent in
stead of 20 the result would be better for Cuban
products and for American manufactures."
That is to say, the bill is for the benefit of Ameri
can manufacturers and Cuban farmers!
Ohio, Indiana, Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska
and the other agricultural States have been the
stronghold of protection, when the farmer listened to
a purely theoretical statement of its benefit. to him.
The chance to produce his own sugar took the
farmer above theory and gave him his first taste of
the profits of protection. Now, from the War De
partment to Congress, he is being, abused because
he likes the taste.
It may well be noted now that the hard things said
by the advocates of free trade with Cuba are said
against the American farmer. The Republicans who
are saying them are preparing the way for an anti
protection campaign among the farmers that will
sweep the system off our statute-books.
The American organs of the junta are, working
daily, none pleased with 20 per cent 'and all wanting
free trade. It will scon puzzle 20 per. cent to find
any friends. The domestic sugar farmers do not want
it, because it is too much. The Department of War
and Political Economy does not want it, because it is
too little. The junta spurns it and cries famine and
ruin if it pass, and if it pass no one will be pleased
except the small number of Republican. free traders'
who betray protection by treating it not as a stable
economic principle but as a policy of expediency, to
be petted one campaign as a pup, and the next
butchered for a pig.
President-elect Palma, who has just left his
eighteen years' residence in New York to be in
augurated in Havana, and speaks of leaving his
"home with regret," also rejects the 20 per cent re
duction and prefers free trade. SenorAbad, who has
boasted that one member of the junta raises more
sugar in Cuba than all the sugar beet, farmers in the
United States combined, joins in spurning 20 per
cent, and wants at least 50 per cent off 'our tariff if
free trade cannot be had now. ; Governor General
Wood, who is about to surrender his satrapy, will
return as a lobbyist for free trade.
BY the defection of Mr. Babcock and the vote
.of Democratic members a concession of 20
per cent was secured for Cuban products in
iue Ways and Means Committee. This is not satis
factory to- the junta nor to our own War.Depart
ment, which has assumed control of economic legisla
tion, and works at it what time it has to spare from
snubbing the lieutenant general of the army.
CUBAN OLIVER TWIST.
MRS. ZEISLER'S SECOND RECITAL
DRAWS A MUCH LARGER AUDIENCE
ACTRESS WHO -WTU^ APPEAR
HERE WITH WELL-KNOWN
COMPANY.
& Field's Theater In New York, and tho
two Weber & Field "Daisies," aa they are
termed In New York, will Introduce a
new dance to-night In the "Rosey Posey"
song. . , '?• >
• • •
Sam Klttie and Clara Morton, character
singers and dancers, and the Pony Ballet
are the striking features at the Orpheum
this week. '. Marie : "Watnwrlght and her
company are also scoring heavily in "Jo
sephine and Napoleon," and Banks and
Wlnona "Winter, the Petching: brothers.
James H. Cullen, the Clipper quartet
and the blograph, showing California
scenes, complete the very good pro
gramme. Next week come Milton and
Dollie Nobles and other clever ¦ entertain
ers. __^ ¦
French or Spanish parents, but in this country he
develops an American patriotism, and the Canadtanj
settler is very: apt to; develop a Canadian patriotism,
even though his parents may have . been Americans.
Instead of permitting our people to drift northward,
in the expectation that they will annex : Canada, it
would be betterfor our, Government to enter at once
upon the irrigation of arid lands and make room for;
. '.,--¦, -•¦¦-.
them at home.
THE SAN FRANCISCO C ALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 17y «1902.
6
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call subscribers contemplating: a elianjre ol
residence during- tbe summer months can have
tbelr paper forwarded by- mall to tbelr new-
addresses by notifying- The Call Business Office.
Tbls paper Trill Also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent In
all towns on the coast. v 4
?XTJ&EMENTSk
Tlvcli — "The Fortune Teller."
Central — "Dangers of a Great City."
Alcazar — "Why Smith Left Home."
Columbia — "The Professor's Love Story."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Fedora."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — The Sons of Ham.
Metropolitan Hall — I'lano recital to-morrow night.
oaiuand Kaee track — Kacts to-da>.
Stuffed prunes with apricots. Townsend's.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, 60c «
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap. bas-.
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C39 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Call*
fornla street. Telephone Main 1312. •
f% The Hottest One-Minute Fight
The Most Exclusive CIvb in |
JSan Francisco.
Who Do -You Think Arc the Member* 2 >*>
Sensations o! a Man Who lids
the Hand o! Death Grip-
ping His Heart
; ; : Fiction, Fashions, Beauty Quest,
arid How-to Be Healthy
and Strong;
. . • ————— t
Story ol California's Great Free
California's Family oi Giants, j
' ' TttWIIIM ' 111111111 IMI jf
16— PAGES OF HUMAN INTEREST ST0RIES--16More Than Two Hundred Guests Listen 'j to an In
teresting Musical and Literary Programme.
TALENTED WOMAN WHO GAVE
A. CLEVER DISCOURSE BEFORE
THE LAUREL HALL CLUB.
George Baker was sentenced to six
months* imprisonment in the County Jail
by Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of
carrying a concealed weapon in tha
shape of a piece of iron pipe.
Baker Gets Six Months.
The preliminary ' examination of Joseph
Millian and Charles Buchanan on a
charge of assault to murder, preferred by
James Mclntyre of 961 Bryant street, wa3
commenced before Judge Mogran yester
day. All the witnesses who grave their
testimony Tuesday at the hearing' on th&
charge of burglary against the prisoners
testified again yesterday, with the excep
tion of Kate Mclntyre. the victim's
daughter, and Mrs. Frankie Goodman,
who will be examined this morning.
Murderous Assault on Mclntyre.
Robert Lang was convicted by a jury In
Judge Dunne's : court - yesterday on a
charge of burglary in the second degree
and will be sentenced Saturday.
Lang Is Convicted of Burglary.
Peter Carr, a marine fireman, was
among the "drunks" at the City Prison
yesterday morning and after his name
was called out Policemen Laws and Es
kew. arrested him on a warrant charging
him with robbery. Carr and another man
held up Albert W. Heyvood. a marine
fireman, living at 113 Fourteenth street; on
Minna street Tuesday afternoon and took
a gold watch, valued at $70, from him.
The watch was a present from Hey wood's
mother. Carr pawned the timepiece for
$16. and got drunk on the proceeds.
Marine Fireman . in Serious Trouble.
Charged • With - Beating His Mother.
' Lawrence Murphy was charged. in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday: with battery upon
his • mother, e Mrs. Bridget Murphy, who
lives "at 1122Vf Mission street. As the evi
dence was conflicting; Murphy got . the
benefit, of the , ; doubt^ and the case .was
dismi&ged; . .-' ! > • ¦' . ':'.'¦'
, The case of Fred Hansted,' charged with
an assault. to do great bodily, in jury upon
Thomas Garrett, was called In Judge Ca
banias 1 cou r t yesterday. A certificate was
read ¦ from . Dr. ' Rosenstlrn ¦ that ' Garrett
would not toe [ able | to be in court > for a
week. Judge Cabaniss made an order
continuing the case till to-morrow.
Hansted Case Is Continued;
•The only- contest' of any moment was !
for.' the orfice" of grand protector. : There !
were four "candidates, and on ¦< the ; first
ballot there was np choice. Before xhe
second; ballot was s taken the candidate
who had l > received the lowest number , of
votes'on the first ballot was dropped,
and then Mrs. Frances J. Williams of Au
rora Lodge No. 202 withdrew, leaving the
field to A. H. -Anderson and L. G. ; Wolfe. I
; Wolfe" received i the highest vote and was
declared elected.' '. . • . , /- ; .; , •
•: A resolution providing for the appoint
ment Of a 1 State deputy who shall insti
tute v lodges and who • shall be allowed
reasonable graveling expenses ¦ when" re
quired to go ; outside of San Francisco
was adopted.,- !;' -
;A resolution'to. the. effect that the Su
preme Lodge be .requested' to assist the
California Jurisdiction : by either a sum cf
money to be used for propagating pur
poses or the appointment of a" State dep
uty supreme organizer at the expense of
the 'Supreme body, was adopted. ,*.' j '
.'A proposition to .reduce -the; amount; of
; the • contingent fund usually allowed to
the grand protector caused-a great>'deal
of discussion.; It' was. ttnally. decided that :
there should not! be any '¦ change made, jjj
. iThe- proposals to -pay; members pre
mium'^ for;: securing v new f members. '¦'¦ was
voted (down. 1 .. '-¦ ¦ ¦ .. -^ ¦¦"•¦..•¦' ¦, "• , ¦
'Mrs.^ Emma: Quitzow was' selected .. as
the t State : : deputy, - who - shall be allowed
traveling expenses; when going outside. of
San Francisco ,to buildup existing, lodges
or establish! new ones..; .-..;:.!;', y ,
The report of ; the committee on honored
dead" was s adopted: by a rising vote." ;.
: > Sacramento was • selected i as I the next
place 'of meeting -for the. Grand Lodge. •
j.-, T.;-H. Berkey on-behalf of ithe'Grand
Lodge • presented * Grand Secretary r Quit-
I sow, with ; a handsome chain and: emblem
| atic charm v . as ' a < mark i of . appreciation • of
his services. 1 - A/H.'; Anderson on behalf of
i the : same body; presented the grand | treas
urer;, A'.'iGorhpertz,;-wlth a fine' ruby and
¦gold'shlrt'stud.v .:• ; : . -f : ¦;.•. .; -. ¦ ,
,. The session of ? the I grand body
1 with .: the Installation or the. officers' elect.
L.. G. Wolfe of Oakland, grand; protector;
Frances J. Williams . of San Francisco, grand
vice- protector; H. ,W, Quitzow of San Fran
cIbco, grand secretary (re-elected) ; . A. , ¦ Gom
pertz ; of ; ¦ San Francisco, grand tr«asurer : (re
elected); • Ellen ¦ Fltsgerald of r San 'Francisco,
grand chaplain (re-elected); Jennie Dinkla^e
of - San ' Francisco, grand guide; ' Mary A.' Mc-
Donald of San Jose, grand guardian ; ; Marlon
G. Perry of Vallejo, grand sentinel (re-elected);
A. H. Anderson of Sacramento, Anna Brigham
of ; Healdsburg and Emella Burdin of , Sonora,
crand' trustees. ::' • ¦
The second day's session of the Grand
Lodge of ( California of the Knights " and
Ladies of Honor was opened in Pj|thian
Castle yesterday /by Grand Protector Z.
T. Whltten. The first- business' .was;; the
election of, officers for the ensuing terru.
The following named were elected: :
The steamer Portland will be. the first
Bteatner to leave for Nome. She will leave
pier 10 at 2 p." m. Saturday next, carrying
the United States mall. The Portland has
been thoroughly - overhauled specially for
the route and "has. been sheathed with
iron-wood. She has the prospect of being
the first boat to reach Nome this season.
Owing to special arrangements with the
Insurance companies it will not be neces
sary for this steamer to , wait at Una
laska; she will load her mall and proceed
direct to Nome." Captain Lundquist, the
master of the steamer. Portland; is one of
the. most' experienced : pilots in northern
waters.' Her accommodations are filling
up t rapidly, ; and it : is expected that she
will go- a way, with a full. load of freight
and passengers. On this initial. trip the
Portland will stop at Seattle, leaving the
latter point onl Saturday, April 26.
First Steamer for Nome.
Subscriptions received by the Promotion
Committee up - to . noon ' yesterday to aid
. in the work of further populating coun
ties ; north, .of Tehachapi, amounted ia
totals to $1200. ' The subscriptions not pre
viously, reported, each of which is month
ly and for, one year, are as follows:
¦ Levl Strauss '& Co., $25; H. M. Newhall &
Co., $10; Blake. Moffltt & Towne, $10; Gug
genhime & Co.. $5; Gas Consumers' Associa
tion, $5; J. C- Wilson & Co., $10; Baldwin &
Howell, $5; Owens, -.Varney & Green, $50;
Abrahamson-Heunisch Glass Company,: $15;
J. C. Johnson & .Co., $10; W. & J. Sloane &
Co., §10; Hibernia Savings and Loan Society,
$50; Dunham , Carrlgan & Hayden Co., ?25;
American Steel & Wire Company, $25; . Baker
& Hamilton. $25; Morton Dray & Warehouse
Company, $10; total $292 50; previously report
ed. 007 00; grand total. $1200.
Business Houses ¦ Make Additional
Pledges to Provide for Building ,
Up the Interior.* .^ ,
PB0M0TI0N COMMITTEE
;¦•' SECUBES MO BE FUNPS
nORE than two hundred guests
were entertained yesterday, at
Laurel Hall Club, 1620 California
street. | An Interesting literary
and musical programme was ren
dered, and the participants were warmly
received by an . appreciative audience. - ' A
reception followed the entertainment and
refreshments were served. Mrs. \ Thomas
W. Collins, president of the club, presided.
Mrs. Nathan H. Frank, secretary, also
assisted in receiving. The programme
rendered was as follows :
Vocal solo. Miss Hedwlg Pohimann; paper.
"The New Note," Mme, Emilia Tojetti; violin
solo. M!«s Ethel Smith, Miss Edith Smith ac
companist; recitation," Mrs.' Malcolm Johnson:
vocal solo, Miss Beulah George. '¦ : .' |
'Mrs— E. H. Davenport and Miss^leanor
Davenport gave a' dinner last evening in
honor of Miss Sophia Pierce and Dr. E.
E. Brownell. The table was handsomely
decorated in yellow, and the appointments
were perfect. The other guests were:
Miss Ardella Mills, Miss Ethel Cooper, Dr.
Morton Gibbons, Will Wood, W. Burnett.
Dixwell Hewitt and Mr. and Mrs. ,T.
Bishop. /
Mrs. William Hinkel gave a tea yester
day afternoon at her residence, 2228 Clay
street, for the benefit of the improvement
fund of St. Stephen's Church. The draw
ing rooms were prettily decorated with
spring flowers and foliage.
The Little Marguerites who are to give
a benefit to-morrow evening at Century
Hall, 1213 Sutler street, to assist in main
taining a bed in the Cnildren's Hospital,
have prepared an excellent programme.
A number of charming young daughters
of prominent men in Bociety will pose in
attractive living pictures. The girls, not
in the pictures will be at the candy and
flower booths. - The programme will be
followed by dancing and an enjoyable
evening is assured. Tickets are selling
rapidly at 75 cents.
f • • , v- "- : r
The Valentine Holt Society of the Chil
dren of the American Revolution has is
sued cards for its dance.-.to be
given at the Century Hall next Saturday
evening, the one hundred and twenty-sev
enth anniversary cf the battle of-Lexing
ton. The young. people are making elab
orate -preparations and many of the so
ciety ladies are taklngan active interest
in the affair, which promises to be a most
delightful one. The following named
ladies are the patronesses: Mrs. W. H.
Crocker. Princess Poniatowski, Mrs. Geor
gie E. Mayhew. Mrs. J. W. Ruggles, Mrs.
ELECT OFFICERS
OF GRAND LODGE
L. L. Baker, Mrs. L. L. Door, Mrs. Ar
thur D. Cross and Mrs. A. L. Hubbard. '
' * * ,,-¦* ?
The clever members of the Spinners'
Club met at luncheon on Tuesday at their
clubhouse, 120 Leroy place. Spring flowers
and foliage were -. daintily arranged • for
I decoration. Miss ; Eleanor Davenport,
1 president, of the organization, was toast
mistress. Among those present were:
- Mrs. M. M.' Johnson. Mrs. .Johnston, Mi&s
Kickoff. Mrs. Gerstle. Mrs. Lane,; Mrs. Crais
and Miss " Mary' Bell. Miss Annie Frances,
Briggs, MIrs May Sutshelmer, Miss Thompson,
Mrs. Clinton Day, Mrs. LUienthal, Miss Maud
Wellendorf, Miss Daisy Polk, Miss Ida Rob
inson. ¦ ...-•¦.. ¦ .
• , • :. • ¦ ,
Mrs.' G. Alexander and son' Dr. iM. O.
Alexander have left' for the Bast and Eu
rope. They will make a six months', tour
of the principal cities of Europe.
;¦»,-.» ;,» '_-, .•_..- . - '
Mrs. J. A»PolgeT : bra*- opened her house
at Burlingame for the season. '.. ¦
;•*?' ¦¦'.¦'¦¦" - * \'' *, •
I Mrs. Charles'Bent entertained a number
of friends on Tuesday at the Town and
Country Club. .
Mrs. ' Howard Bray entertained yester
day afternoon; in honor or Mrs. Frank
R. -Wells and*Mrs. Harden; Crawford. A
delightful '.' musical programme was en-
Joyed by the, guests. Among those pres
ent were:
Mrs. Valentine Hush. . Mrs. John 'Albright,
Miss Mabel Gage. Mrs. Julii Bray, Mrs. Alfred
Cohen. Miss Hush, Miss Florence Hayden, Mr3.
George ! Gross, Miss Pearl- Kins, Mrs. •" Robert
Bain, Mrs. - Robert Stephenson, ' Mrs. C C.
Clay, Mrs. George Albright, Mrs. Henry Glide,
Mrs. George Gross; Miss Emma Wellman, Mrs.
Charles Bo In. Mrs. Charles Hammer, Mrs..
Henry Coon. Miss Sanclalr, Miss Ray Wellman.
and Mrs. Fred Stolp. , "
." i - • . ¦ • •
Mrs. Hyde-Smith received a number of
friends yesterday, and the afternoon was
delightfully spent. v ..> ; •
? * *
'.Miss Edith Hunter is on her way East.
She will visit; relatives in Kentucky and
return in three months. '
Superintendent Webster filed his month
ly report regarding the inspection of thir
ty schools by his deputies, and made the
following recommendations:
That, an additional ¦ room be built^on the
premises of the Golden Gate Primary School for
the accommodation of pupils. • • • .
: ' That more attention be given to the seating
of pupils with reference to the light that enters
the room and the proper size and gradation of
seats and desks.' -¦ That - when new seats and
desks . are purchased they be adjustable in
height. '
That in fire drills, except where the rear of
yards open on the street pupils be required to
assemble in the street and not In the yard.
That ?5O per term be allowed Miss Carpenter
for the purchase of music. .
i That the -Board 'of Education provide addi
tional accommodations for the Laguna Honda
School : for the next school term.
That oh the premises of the Whlttler Pri
mary • School - the yard planking be repaired,
the I basement • cemented. . the heating capacity
of the furnaces increased, the building painted,
plastering repaired and rooms retinted. That
Harrison street' be bituminized in froht of the
building. . - : - ¦ , : f 1 , ; .
That rules pertaining. to classification shouflr
be amended and will so • be recommended by
this office near the end of jthe year.-; '<
Superintendent Files Report.
Principal M. E. Blanchard, who was
accused of * g unprofessional conduct,
filed a formal j protest , against Director
Roncovleri serving : on the board during
his trial, which has been set for April £5.
Blanchard says I in his . protest that -Ron
covieri is , not qualified to try the case
fairly because " of ' his bias and prejudice.
Blanchard's petition^ was denied by thc
board, and he proposes to sue out a writ
of injunction in the Superior Court to re
strain Roncovieri from sitting as one of
the judges. •' . i . ¦ ,
The board decided to set apart one-half
of all teachers' salary - forfeitures and
fines : to the. = credit of the public school
teachers' annuity fund. ..¦ . •
Leaves of absence were granted to Miss
H. M. Murphy, Mrs. R. H. Hazelton,- Miss
M. S. Denis, Miss A. M. Martin and Miss
E. A. Wickman. ( r, ,
No action was taken on Webster's mo
tion to employ, a competent searcher of
records to investigate the title of the Lin
coln School .property and other school
property. proposed to be transferred for li
brary . purposes;. * Webster explained that
he , was opposed to surrendering. any
school property, as he doubted the legal
ity of such a proceeding.
Principal' Blanchard Protests.
The Board of : Education met yesterday
and : voted to : reprimand* and fine I Mrs.; S,
A:' Miles, principal of the Sheridan School,
and MrsJ A:^ E. 1 ;. Tlernan, principal of the
Richmond School. -The principals were
charged with' dereliction of duty in fall
ing - to report* _ the defacing, cutting and
mutilating of: the. •rtalls and the writing
of j obscene inscriptions 1 in the anterooms
by pupils. ,:, Directors Denman, Mark and
Boncovieri voted, that the principals be
fined $50 ': each. Woodward and Superin
tendent Webster opposed the fines.as'ex
cessive and ! urged j that they be fixed at
$25,- but' without- success.' ¦
The board dismissed Mrs. Lane, janl
tress of the - Sheridan School, and Miss
Kate Callahan, janitr ess of the Richmond
School, for negligence. "
• Mrs. -; Lizzie j- Andrews was appointed
Janitress of thev Noe Valley School, vice
Mrs. A. Craig,, transferred to the Sheri
dan School, and Mrs. Foge was appointed
janitress of the Richmond School. -
Blan chard . Protests Against
Roncoyieri SittiDg at
; His Trial
The Board^Fines Them
an d Dismisses Two
Janitr esses.
TWO PRINCIPALS
GET REPRIMANDS
THE SAN /FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 17^ 1902.
7
ENJOY THE HOSPITALITY
OF LAUREL HALL CLUB
...(20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families deslrinc to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets,' photographs and
analysis of -waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 10* Montgomery, or ' The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Kontzomery St.. or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER," Highland Springs, Lake
Co., Cel.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES. v l
One person la room, "small hotel".*10 per week
Two pereons in room, "small hotel". $18 per week
Ono person in room, "cottages".. .511 per week
Two pereons in room, "cottages".. $20 per week
One person In room, "MAIN HOTEL".;..
„ $12 and $U per week
Two persons in room. "MAIN HOTEL" ...•
• The famous' . health and pleasure resort ¦ of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
UVER KIDNEY, MALARIA, RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET. TENNIS. Regulation Bowline Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
In Mountains or. Valley. .. . • i
ALWAYS OPEN.
HGHLAHD SPRIGS
SANTA CATALlNAIStAND,
3}4 Hours from Los Angeles;
Advantages, attractions and amuse-
ments impossible elsewhere ; ninth sea-
son; three months on Catallna Island of
our Famous .Marine Band, twenty-five
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishine and greatest rod ana reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tonied Boats and Aquarium; Boating:,
Bathing; Wild Goat Shootine: Delight-
ful Coast Excursions: Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Camp life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment: Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Metropole. modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
ing, Music. Danciner. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Information
Bureau; 10 Montgomery street, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENT^.
How to buy furniture
¦•. ¦ v ' ¦-..- -j -" . ¦ K 'j\' .
*^ v"1| ¦ -sy «jrj fpUffr"^ f% T gr
without ready
We will loan you the money for a regular banking
rate of interest— six per cent. And you can pay t»
back little by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
go to one of the first-class furniture stores, with ; whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big and fresh and where satisfaction is certain, and
. ' when you have made youf selection you can pay your
bill. in full. with good, hard cash.
Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
arid being compelled to select your goods" from smaller
and inferior stocks? ¦ .
-The installment stores charge "you ten per ' cent
above their cash prices when you ask for long credit.
AH you pay us is six per cent.
For example:, If your, purchases amount to $100.00
we will charge you $106.00 — which is a six per cent
advance; then you pay us $moo cash and the balance
in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month.
If your purchases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$79-50; you make us a cash payment on this of $15.00
and pay the balance at the easy r,ate of $6.45 per
You save four per cent. You have the prreat privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
, all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
,,/:.- by the installment houses!
No amount of money is too small for us to loan.
Worth looking into, don't you think?
Km tinjift. Sullivan # Co.,
(REMOVED TO)
. = Dom 1403 "Call" Building,
TcL 'John 2336. Coirar Market and Third Sts.
r\lf H /"»/"* O HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
SKHilflS ," COUNTY; only 4% hours
W#1#I*/W trom San Francisco and
but 9 " miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hot mineral water bath in State; boating
and swimming fn Warm Springs Creek; good
trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mall,
express and San Francisco morning and even-
Ing papers;, FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and afternoon
•stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 SO. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30 a. m. or
3 :30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. tn. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Information at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bldg. Also at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery st., or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Ekaggs, CaL
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
cem'ort and convenience. Tiburon ferry. 7:30
a m., 3:30 p. m. Information of DR. HEN-
ELEE. SOT Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371, Tour-
ist Information Bureau, 10 Montgomery st.,- or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. Cal.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
J. E. MAN LOVE & WIFE (formerly Mrs.
Leach), Proprietors.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
Most beautiful resort house in Napa Valley:
2 miles from Callstoca; free carriage; hot and
cold baths: gas.; S. F. references. Send for
pamphlet. G. W. CUTLER. Callstoga.
" BROOKSIDE."
HO! FOR BLUE LAKES!
Hunting, boating, bathing, fishing; new
launch and beats, new hotel and cottages, new
tennis cotrrt. Send for pamphlet and terms.
O. WEISMAN, Midlake, Lake County, Cal.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts.:
2 hours from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed ; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager.
CONGRESS SPRINGS.
MOTEL DE REDWOOD,
SANTA CRUZ MTS. Among the grand old
trees: board $S and $10 a week; fare, return
ticket, $? 50. Eend for circular to M. S. COX
Laurel, Santa Cruz County.
LOS GATOS.
Under new .management. Now open for
business. .Rates, (S to $15 per week. _
Near the ocean. Fishing In only mountain
trout stream in San Mateo Co. ' Long distance
phone. $2 per day. $S week. C. P. MOSCONI.
Prop.. Purissipa. San Mateo Co.. Cal.
HOTEL EL MONTE.
THE PURISSIMA HOUSE.
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
Santa Cruz Mountains. Good trout fishing.
Rebuilt and reopened. B. BOHME. Proo.
Ben Lomond. Cal. — New management. Opens
April 20.- , Hunting, fishing, boating, tennis,
croquet billiards, bowling. Lighted by elec-
tricity. Round trip from City $3. HAMMOND
& BARKER, Proprietors.
HOTEL BFN LOMOND.
riMD TiVf rtD HOTEL, camp cottages
vAfllr. lAILMn and grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling alley, tennis, boating, trout fish-
ing telephone. Call at Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN, Proprietor.
AMONG THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 FT.
Most healthful climate. Plenty of cream,
fruit, etc. Home . cooking. Telephone. Rates
$6 and $7 per week. For particulars ¦ address
Robt. F. VCarbam, Applegate. Placer Co., Cal.
\7ICHY SPKINGS— 3 "miles from Ukiah,
r T Mendocino Co. Natural fclectric waters,
champagne baths. Only place in the world of
this class of waters having continuous flow of
natural warm Water direct f ram springs . to
tubs.- Lovely erounds. fishing, hunting. Crys-
tal Springs. Accommodations: table first class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Jose. Cal.
One of the best equipped on the coast. Every
variety of water treatment, electricity, mas-
• rage. X-ray. Write for literature.
ANNADAI/E FABM. santa CRUZ
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let, fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. -H.
J. SEEGELKEN. Los Gatos Postbffice. Cal.
JtfT. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THIS
XTl'Tiomelike resort is located In the Santa
Crux Mountains, 0 miles -from Capltola. Good
stable, hunting and fishing. Address E. D.
WEBB. Soquel, Cal. _ ' -'¦
FASHION STABLES, UKIAH AND WIL-
lits — Tourists, campers, hunters, write J.
H. Smith, Ukiah. Smith & Taylor, Wlllits," for
any kind of a turnout.
KING'S RANCH — Six miles from ,. Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; union?: the redwoods.
Hunting, fishine- -Terms, $10 a week; family
rates'. Address WM. ICING. Cazadero.
SANTA CRUZ— San Lcrenzo Stables. Styl-
ish ries. Reasonahlo prices. -
THE WEEKLY GALL.
$1 per Year*
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class rics. Reasonable prices. .. * .-:
GRAND CENTRAL. HOTEL, Guernevlll?,
Cal. — New , management: thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for huntera
and flsherg. Add. F. PLATH, Guernevnie. CaJ.
Bartlett Springs!
¦':-;'¦'¦ i-X ¦¦'".'.-• i
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP TOC
to health and make your vacation use-
ful as well as pleasant. After a. short or
lon« Etsy at the popular Springs you will
wonder how It was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous. ¦ ¦ • .
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance,
cwim. bathe, walk over mountain paths.
amuse yourselves In hundreds of happy
wave. Tim* rever dregs at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet.
Call or Address
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Of flee. Bartlett Springs,
2 Sutter et.. S. F. - Lake Co.. Cal.
o o
SCHOOL CLOSES
At the usual time, but we are booking
people for the opening of AETNA
SPBINGS. May 1st.
The month of May Is always' beau-
tiful, with wild flowers In profusion.
FISHING Is also good then. Send
lor booklet.
EDWARD L.. SANFORD. Manager.
CAMP CURRY!
Tbere are others, but not equal to CAMP
CURRY. First In location of time and place,
first In Quality of service • and attention to
ruests and personally managed by Mr. and
Mrs. Curry. Ouens May 1. You can get fu'.l
particulars at Curry's office. 10 Montgomery st.
YOSEMITE.
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
tulphur Creek.' Colusa Co.. Cal., 26 miles by
stage w«st of Williams; fare $2. Hottest,
ptroagest water on the coast; tempera lure US
deg Cure* rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum,
skin disease*, neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints paralysis, mercury it system, dyspep-
eia. catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
botel- fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging,
including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor.
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
r.ew management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
tnlik, cream and best of everything. Address
C. y. CARR, Manager. Russian River station,
vli Duncans Mills. Cal.
1 — '
THE CEYSE^S.
(Sonoma County.) New management; rcem»
plest«red and hard finished; new furniture;
»-ew, private bathhouse; hunting, fishing > ear
round; «hlte help only; best livery;- cooking
£ptc:aHy supervised by manager. Gee pamphlet.
WHITE COTTACES.
Howe!! Mountain: altitude, 2000 feet: air
pure and dry; deliehtful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; howling; social hall: *S per
we«k. Write MRS. J. IL GOETSCIiE. Ang-
vin. Cal. . •
EL BONITO HOTEL; .;
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing
&nd ixjaUn*; fine scenery; pure spring water;
new!y renovated; new furniture. It. C. CAL-
HOL'N. Proorietor. Duncans Mills. CaL • !
ACUA CALIENTE,
Aleo known as California Hot Spring*. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or 8.
P. R. It. Immense swimming eurfa.ee. Splendid
table. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
fl 10, Telephone; many Improvements; $12
and Hi. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor,
Agua Callente, Cal.
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTACES.
Can Mateo, Cal.. is now -under new manage-
ment. Everything first class. Cuisine unsur-
passed. Clubhouse, bowling alleys, bllliardi.
tool, snufnVboard, lawn tennis, ealt water bath-
ing, etc. Rates on application. WREXN' &
tPAULDZNG, PrcprtetoTB. ;
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
C M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. F., Afif.
TI/VT** Xature's own selec-
f**l I IV tlon for a health and
* x/JLX pleasure resort tH-
— — —, . _ p—,— — cause of the curative
H r< A B T^M properties of its mud
*JLJLiZ"1JLji JL 11 and sulphur baths far
' rheumatism, Iniom-
A KTTl ria - eouu neuralgia.
r£\VHJ llver.Wdney and Wood
diseases. Has every
T\T TI5 A TT\T5 natural adv&ntafre for
rLCAuUltE pleasure, scenic b«au-
w **-* - ty and balmy climate.
PASO ROBLES Z
PEEHAPS then you will find time to
• visit them orer Sunday,
AND FORGET yourself as your chil-
dren poke grass down your neck,
and In your nose, and eyes, and ears.
GET OUT once in a while and romp,
BREAK AWAY and give your family a
chance to get acquainted with you,
AND CALL or write for; !
"VACATION, 1902,"
a. little book Issued by the CALIFOB-
NIA NOBTHWESTERN BAILWAY
COMPANY, giving Camping Locations,
Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
long list of Country- Homes where board
for the Summer can be secured at from
56.00 to $8.00 per week.
J Ticket offices, €50 Market St. (Chronicle
Building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building, Sansome and California" Sts.,
San Francisco. Lj's-' ; '
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
H. C. "WHITING. Gen'l Manager. .
IT'S FUNNY how bo many, men act
They toil, and labor, and struggle, /, ,'
AND NEVEB for a moment think of
rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resid-
ing In this vicinity, when right at their
floor lies the .playground, Quickly and
cheaply Teached;
-ZF YOU WEL NOT occasionally, give
up the dally grind,
DO NOT make your -wife and children
continually walk the treadmill,
AT LEAST give them a chance for a
little change of air that will bring some i
color to their cheeks.
NEW ADVEKTISEMENTS.
CONSPICUOUS IN A BALLROOM.
Flakes of Dandruff on the Collar and
'-¦;, Shoulders'; of a Gentleman in ;,
Full Dress.
. This is "the thing you quite frequ^ntb 1 .
see in the ballroom— a man's, black/ dress
cOat : literally ; covered with dandruff.
'It must be annoying to 'the wearer, and
certainly not a pleasant thing "to observe.
But ;dan<3rufE. Can be eradicated.- It Is a
germ ••: disease • that ¦ will . some day cause
baldness. ¦ t "':."';.•;:' • " " > •
y) Newbro's Herpicide kills the hair-de-
stroying germ'and stimulates the hair to
: a ; rich, abundant .growth; -it does more-
keeps 1 the; hair soft andpliant.
¦ FurthermorerHerplcide is a most pleas-
ant" toilet accessory; pleasing of odor and
cooling: to fthe scalp. :f ':"•"¦¦. - : .
P IA 1 Jl O P "'-¦ • P"'™* 3 ?* location;
I Ul OvC ¦ \ unsurpassed .' cuisine.
. u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
. Of|/| vice"- • and ¦• modern
' UlIU .' conveniences are! the
t'^'fi - V " ' ¦ rattributes > that ; ~ have
* II f*O tin - made ' these two ' ho-
Vil dllU :'tels) ;,, With
't" : ¦-¦¦¦"' v ;;¦¦••: •¦'¦':..• , v. tourists!, and -i travel-"
nAfflic < r * wno v ' s ' 1 * an K
llUtCiy Francisco. V i
ADVERTISEMENTS, i
Poison OaK
. . Halpruner's Poison Oak
, Cure is different from Hal- '
j pruner's . Wonderful Medi-
cine. It comes in a different :
package and retails at 40c and j
75c a bottle.
Halpruner's Poison Oak
Cure cures ' poison oak im-
mediately, stops itching, re-
duces swelling and soothes
soreness.
Halpruner's Poison Oak
Cure is- also.- good '.\foiv flea
and mosquito insects'^
stings, yellow; jackets, wasps,
bees and all skin afflictions.: %
Demand iit of the druggists
—do not take a substitute!-, t
Halpruner ' Medical MTg : :
".Co:, ' '.' ."' .¦' ¦• - '• -'
-28 California st.; S. : F..;'CaL
•i 1 — --T" ..--^
AMUSEMENTS. ._
.Balarco .&~Tha:l.. Managers. • >.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Broadhurst's Greatest Laughing Success.
WHY SMITH
LEFT HOME.
An Avalanche of Fun. A Laugh in Every
. i Word. A Scream in Every Line.
PRICES :........... 15c._25c, 35c, 60c and j 75s
Next Monday— "THE TWO ESCUTCHEONS."
NEW "SHOW !
Sam, Kittle and Clara Morton; The
Pony Ballet; Banks and Winona
Winter; Petching Brothers, and
Biograph, showing Bridal Veil
Falls and the Golden Gate. Last
times of Marie Wa inwright av d
Company; The Clipper Quartet, and
James H. Cullen.
Reserved Seats.* 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c. ¦ J \
PACKED AGAIN LAST NIGHT.
MELBOURNE MACDOWELL,
Supported by FLORENCE STONE, -
In- Sardou's Society Drama. '
"FEDORA."
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES...... 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, . 25c. -
. I ¦ - ' . .... ¦¦ .¦ •
'NEXT WEEK— Farewell week of MEL-
BOURNE MacDOWELL and FLORENCE
STONE | in Sardou Repertoire by Special Re-
quest. ¦ ' . • ¦ ?-.-¦- .
VU BaU fifi & IM LEADING THEATEf
This Week— Matinee Saturday Only.
!m WILLARI>
• -In the -Charming Comedy,
U THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY"
Ey J. H. Earrit, author of "The I ittla Minlatar.V'
84STH PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT,
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY—
Last Week of Mr. E. S. Willard.
Monday and Friday ' Nights and Sat. ' Matinee.
"DAVID GARRICK," by T. W.Robertson. «
Tuesday. Wednesday » and Thursday ¦' Nights.
"TOM PINCH.'-' bv Charles Dickens.
Saturday Nlght-2"The Professor's Love Story."
Seats— 12. $1.50. $1, 75c, 50c. 25c.
Every Week Day—
yBr~*. Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
- Races start at 2:15 p. m." sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1,' 1:30,, 2, i^:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the , entrance to th«
track. : Last : two • cars ' on ' train reserved : for
ladles and .their escorts; no smoking.". Buy your
i erry ; tickets -¦ to 'Shell. Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and . Broadway, ; Oak-
land. - Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, . Oakland.'- * Tjiese : electric car*
to direct to the track In fifteen minutes."
ij. Returning — Trains ¦¦ leave the . track ; at 4:15
and- 4:45 p.- ra. and imtuidlately after the last
¦ THOMAS H. - WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
AMUSEMENTS. *
| FISCHER'S Wate*
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and ¦ Powell sta. -
Telephone Main 231.
"OTHER "77 "SLEEPS
REMEDIES :: SOUNDLY
FAILED." :: NOW."
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
That is what so many ailins*. complaining
ones tell us nightly after coming with the
crowds to participate In the incessant laughter
at KOLB. DILU BERNARD, AMBER.
BLAKE. HERMSEN, COLEMAN, KELLAR,
etc.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Night prices. 25c and 50c. Matinees. 25c.
BE2&SCG amT&AIES^jfe/SfjISZ
TO-NIGHT— ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of the Latter-Day Melo-
drama, THE
DANGERS OF
A GREAT CITY.
Stirring Inddents^ — Side-Splltting Comedy.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE IT.
PDIfP^ Evening..... 10c, 15c, 23c. 35c, 60o
rnltLJ Matinee..... 10c, 15c, 25o
Next Week— "A CHILD OF FORTUNE."
Evenings at 8 Sharp. Matinee Saturday at 2
Sharp.
SEANCES CROWDED NIGHTLT,
CONSULT THE POPULAR SEERESS.
THE FORTUNE
TELLER. i>
TWO AND ONE-HALF HOURS OB* TVS.
POPULAH PRICES. T 25c BOo and 73e ~f*
Telephone Bush 0.
TONIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
Farewell Performance Saturday Night.
WILLIAMS & WALKER
And Their Own Company, in
THE SONS OF HAM.
Next— MONDAY EVENING. APRIL 21, •
WELCOME HOME,
Mr. James Neill and His Company.
Presenting the Dainty Comedy Drama,
CAPTAIN L E T^T A R B L A I R..
Seat sale for next Monday night and remainder
<tl week begins this 9 a. m.
. — — In Preparation——
The Latest Eastern Pronounced Stags Success,
"THE STARBUCKS;"
FANNIE BLOOMFIELD
ZEISLER,
\ PIANIST.
LAST TWO RECITALS.
METROPOLITAN HALL
TO-NICHT
. ., AND SATURDAY AFTERNOON.
. Rfrerrea Seats — 75c. $1, $1.30. $2. On sale at
Siiprman. Clsy & Co.'&. Stelnway piano used.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAT,
Srl5 P. M.
SUNDAY, 2:30 P. M.
OAKLAND is. "SANFHANCISCD.
RECREATION PARK,
' Eighth ' a cd Harrison . sts. .
Advance , Sale of Seats. 5 Stockton AEASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, Aprff . 16.— Conditions In wheat
favored, better. 7 , prices ' at i tha : opening. .. Cables
v. ere" strong at good advances and dry weather
reports "continued to come from the'Southwest
ern wheat ' country. „ .. Rains -were '- reported : In
Oklahoma • and - Kansas, but mail advices ' gen-'
erally . stated that • the 'recent : rains • were ' not
sufficient, and that much of the standing
grain would have to be plowed up. Influential
lntncstswcre buying early affcer. a momentary
reaction; and prices for some time held strong.*
Near 1 the noon hour a : selling . movement ' was
started on . reports , of . rain in Iowa. St ¦ Louis
was a heavy eoller,' and the .corn "collapse was
a strong bearish . factor. ; - May ; wheat started a
shade to •' ftt®%c 1 up >. at '. 740074^,0,.* sold * at
,733<iC and, then worked up -to 74%c.--On the
decline May sold at. 73^@73V4c, closing, %<&%c
lower at 73 Vic , '\: : , -¦" '. - -
Liquidation in corn ruled .' the' day. - Early
tracing > was better, ,-. but . the \ pit ; soon ,: became
very nervous, ' and after . some •¦' fairly, heavy
buyins bears began * to . pound • the . market', to
Temperature, 7 a. m. — 18.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails ever the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope and clear
over the southern. Fog prevails along the
Central California rcast. Light rain has fallen
from Cane Mendocino northward. .
The pressure has risen rapidly over' the
northern portion of the Pacific Elope a/id fallen'
over the Rocky Mountain region.
The temperature ha« risen In Northern Utah
and Wyoming; elsewhere the changes have
Xietm Blirht.
Forecast ma<le at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 17. 1902:
Northern California — Fair Thursday, with
fog al<5ng the centra] coast in the morning;
lirht northwest wind -.
Southern California — Fair Thursday; light
west -wind. -
Nevada — Fair Thursday: light' north- wind.
fian Francisco and vicinity — Fair Thursday
with fog in the morning; light northwest wind
G. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
WHEAT— The foreign markets , were firm.
with an ¦ advance In • futures.
,: . Chicago; advanced from ,73%c .to ,74%, anl'
fell back . to 73 ',4c. Tlie market ' opened : in
active, with the country, buying freely. There
were light local showers In ¦ Kansas and Ne-;
,braska, , but 1 other. States sent ; In reports of in- ,
creasing - damage: by , drought. - Exporters ' re
ported fair direct acceptances at . the advance, t
while the decline was due to realizing. ' -T n c
Northwestern ; and Southwestern ., markets ' were
both J higher.- Showers ."In : Kansas and f Iowa
caused ' general ¦ abandonment . of . long i Wheat
and -a -reinstatement ' of ; short' 'llnes.. ; ;_ The
Southwest I were heavy . buyers on ; dry. weather.
If being; the opjnlon that .Kansas and , Okla
homa would 1 not' raise , over, half a. crop,, much
Wheat having been, plowed up and. reseeded. to
Oats. ¦ the . acreage „ of : - which * Is unprecedented.
This market was;flrm at Tuesday's 'advance.;
Spot Wheat— Shipping, . $1 10@l HH;"miU-'
ing,$l 12%@1 13% per ctl. -— ¦-. \
CALL ' BOARD SALESA;: "
' Informal Session— 9:15 'o'clock— December —
4000 ctls. $1/ 07% ; 4000. $1 08.
-¦ -Second 'Session — December— 10,000 ' : - ctls,
$l-07%.— : ---- - • - ' ' • ¦ •--' - -• • -.
.• . Regular ' Morning r . Session— May — 4000 ctls,
$1 10V4;: December— 2000.' $1' 07%. . x f .,
- Session — May — 2000 ¦. ctls,' •; |li 10% ;
40O0. $110% ;' December— 4000, $107%. . , ..
: BARLEYr— The, market. Is none too firm,' and
.close*, buyers;: can' obtain concessions, 'though
there is no pressure to self - > - '-
; Feed,'9«Vi©97%c.for No. 1: and 03%@95c for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades, !)7%c
@$1; Chevalier. $1@1 20. -
.;¦'--.• v CALL - BOARD i SALES. V' '
, ¦ Informal .. Session— -9 : 15 ¦" o'clock — December—
10,000 ttls, .78%c--; • . : : ;. • v.
. Second* Session— December— 4000 ' ctls, 7891c.
Regular Morning /Session— May— 2000 ctls, f
93c; December-^2000, 78 %c." (fjSBgSBBBm
•"Afternoon : . Session — No sales.
OATS— There Is nothing new to report, ex-
Wheat and Other Grains.
WEDNESDAY. April 16-2 p. m.
. UNITED STATES BONDS.
' '' '-"'¦ Bid. Ask. I ;. , ¦ T»l-» A,t
*L or r°ee P "ii^^?> ' J* Qr C <new)139HK»^
4s qr reg...lllVtU2 «-!3s qr coup.. 109 V, 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Ala A\W 5s.' 91% — Oc SS Co 5s — 100
Bay CPC 58.107%:- Ombu, c .<& _ :™
Cal-st ' 68.'. ".".118 • — Pac G Im 4s fiftvinoi:
C/osta^.110%;- ; Pk&CHto:iw yi1 -'-
Ed LiP 6S.,- Pk & O R <U 117 ion
Fer&C H r 6s. - 123 pVsVlf £}- ¦ ™
S^2r5* K 6 i/' ; ~ ~ * Sac EOR 6s. 102% — .
rS L?*^ " ?. F & SJV3S.120U121U
L 5 8 :i?l4 - I'^of 0^ % 1U * U<i
L A L Co 68.103 105 < (l»09) ..:.113«4 —
Do gtd 6s. — -^.- (191O> 114%^—
. • Do gtd 5s,102%104% 3 P of c'63
y£$ 4 '" d»05)Sr A. — lOSfi
-Dolcm 5s.lO2% — , (1005)Sr B.107% — *
Mkt-st^C.63..— 130 (1906). ..;;109U109ti
Do lem 53.121 121« - (1912) !H:il92l21
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Local stocks and bonds continued featureless
on the morning session, and the only life was
on the OH Exchange, where Petroleum Center
was ¦ considerably . - higher at . 10@15c. nearly
25.000 shares changing: hands, the cause of the
flurry being due. according to reports on the
Exchange, to a' land deal which . would Klve
the company some thousands of. dollars to nut
into betterments, etc. Otherwise there wai
nothing new. ' , . *'
The only change in the afternoon was an ari
vance in Hutchinson Sugar to ?11 75 ¦ - aa "
The Pacific Surety Company has declared a
quarterly dividend of 114 per cent? equai to 6
per cent per annum on the $250,000 of caijltiJr
stock, payable Immediately. ° capltarT
The following quotations for the United Rail
ways of San Francisco were received vM(S»r .
from New York bf Bolton. . d~ Alyter"& *¦
Common stock, - $24@24 75; preferred «^«
62 62^; 4j»r.coit bonds. '$89 75^0 25- S
scriptlons sold at ?102. «"**jv«>, sud-
STOCK MARKET.
. Exchange and Bullion.'
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.*.... — .$*' 86 .
Sterling Cables, sight. — ' 4 88 ! ,4
Sterling. Cables... ..:..;... — 4 S9ft
New York Exchange, sight..... — . 15 -¦
New York Exchange, telegraphic — '¦ ." 17Vi
Silver,, per ounce — " :' 5SV»
Mexican Dollars,- nominal...'.'. .'¦— ¦ 45^
ETATIONS. I f§flFf |° f
Astoria 30.20 Ei 46^ \V Pt.Cldy IS
Baker 30.08 C2 38 N Cloudy .00
Carson - .30.00 CG :« W - Cloudy '. .00
Eureka. 30. It! C8 4<5 NW Cloudy .02
Fresno 29.SW 82 52 NW Clear 00
Flasttaff 29.KS , «4 ::0 SW Pt.Cldy T.
Pocatello, Id...2>.9« m 28 W Clear 00
Independence .2W.R8 78 4S NE Clear .00
Iyos Angeles... .'{0.00 «» 52 SW Clear 00
Ffcoenix 29.82 8S 58 NW Pt.Cldy .00
PorUand ..... 30.14 64 42 NW Pt.Cldy 10
Red Bluff 30.04 74 52 S Pt.Cldy .r«
Roseburg :.... 30.14 • 76 50 W Clear .04
Sacramento ...'{0.02 74 50 SE Cloudy 00
Salt Lake 28.94 «8 42 N Pt.Cldj' .00
San Francisco.30.10 58 W^ Clear .00
S. L. Oblepo. .30. 00 70 « W dear 00
8an Diego 30.00 64 56 W Clear 00
Seattle 30.14 04 S6 N Clear 12
Spokane 30.08 .V> 36 SW Cloudy 02
Neah Bay 30.16 52 44 SW Cloudy .68
Walla Walla. .30.06 64 46 SE - Cloudy T.
Winnetnucca .30.00 m 36 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Yuma .:. 29.78 02 58 SW Clear .00
Flour, qr sks.. 4.435 Wool, bales ..'.. 159
Wheat, ctls. .... 5.080 Shorts, - sks .... 375
Barley, ctls .... 4,010 Hod?, bales..... 20
Oats, ctls .. " 140 Tallow. ctls ; .... ;238
Bruns, sks ..... 410 Pelts. ¦ bdls .'. ...3 85S
Corn, ctls ...:... 1 225 Hides, No. .... . . 202
Rye, ctls -...:... ' 46O Quicksilver.' flks.-- -8
Potatoes.' sks ....1,696 leather, rolls .. Vi
Broom cprn. • bdls 54 Wine, gala -....35 100
Bran, sks .......3,790 Lime, bbls ..... '273
Middlings, sks ,... 475 Chicory, bbls "... 50
Hay. tons ...... 345' Sugar.- ctls ..... 2,631
EASTERN. >f
Oat meal. sks... 40O3g^|g
FOR WEDNESDAY, APRIL 18.
Receipts of ¦ Produce.
LONDON, April 16.— Consols, 93%; Bilver,
24^d ; " French rentes, lOlf ; wheat : cargoes on
passage,' sellers . at advance of 3d ; No. j 1 stand
ard California,' 30s; {Walla"- Walla, 29s; English
country .markets, ' firm. . ' ¦ ¦¦¦ • ¦ • •• ,
LIVERPOOL, April 16.— Wheat, firm; No.' 1
standard- California, . 6s 4^(1; ¦ wheat in Paris;
firm; flour In Paris, firm; French country mar
kets, firm: weather In England, • cloudy.
' COTTON — Uplands, 5 l-32d. •
Foreign Markets.
EVAPORATED; APPLES— The situation*' in
th-3 evaporated apple market showed a steadier
feeling, holders reporting a good | demand from
exporters, though principally for low grades.
Best qualities quiet. : State— Common to good,
7@8Hc; prime, 9@9i/ic; choice. 0U@l0c; fancy'
10%®llc. ' • .
Prunes were quiet. Not much was doing
in apricots or peaches. :•.:.'¦ ..-.'-. .,-
PRUNES— 3%@«»4c. .'.
APRICOTS — Royal, 10@14c;;.Moorpark '- ilJi
@12Vjc. ' -. ¦ ¦ • : . ¦ . . . ¦'••.'.
, PEACHES— Peeled, 14@18c; unpeeled. 8@10c
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW YORK. April 16.— FLOUR — Receipts,
27,320 barrels; exports, 2861 barrels; sales. 11,
400 barrels; well . sustained, but . lacked T de
mand. •
WHEAT— Receipts. 149,175 bushels; exports.'
208,600 bushels; spot ea6y. No. ; 2 red, 81%e
elevator; No. 2 red, 88%c 1. o. b. afloat; No.
1 northern Duluth, 82%c f. o: b. afloat; No 1
hard Manitoba, 85%c t. o. b. a float. ' Through
out the forenoon wheat was active and strong
influenced by foreign buying, dry . weather
small receipts, active Southwest support ¦ and
fair clearances.-. On midday reports of liberal
rains In the Southwest prices reacted and were
easy all. the afternoon, closing >,£@<&c'' net
lower. May, 79 5-16@80%c, closed 79%c; July
79V2@80«4c, closed 79»£c; September, TO@S0 tie
closed 79c; December, 80%@81Uc, closed' at
80%c. ' :. v .
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES — Quiet and firm.
WOOL— Quletr' _
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet. No. 7 Invoice,
6%c; market mild and quiet; Cordova, 8@>12c.
Futures market closed steady.' net unchanged
to '5 points lower. Total sales. 36,250 bags,
Including: April, 5.05c: May. 5.05c; Septem
ber. 5.4O@5.45c; October, -6.50c; -December/
5.65c; January, 5.75c; September. 5.80c; March
5.85c. ¦ .- . - ... .,
SUGAR— Raw, firm. Fair reflnlng. 2%c; cen.
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar 2%c.
Refined was steady. .- ¦ '
New York Grain and Produce.
PORTLAND, April 16.— WHEAT— Nominal ;
Walla Walla, 64%@65c; bluestem,^ 6b - @6C^c;
valley, 65c. •. • ,:
WASHINGTON. -
TACOMA, April 16.— WHEAT— Bluestem,
C5%c; club, 64%c. '/;/ ¦„-;- v
OREGON.
Northern "Wheat Market.
They Hold Conference Witli Officials,
Who Decide Half of Roadway
Shall Be Clear.
A conference of representative mer
chants and manufacturers, , Commission
ers of ¦. Public Works Mendell, Casey and
Manson, Mayor Schmitz and C. J. King
of the ' Merchants' Association was held
yesterday in the : assembly room . of the
Board of Works.' The object was to se
cure an - expression of opinion as to
whether it could be arranged. so that not
more than one-half of the sidewalks be
obstructed in conducting business in the
wholesale . district.
Commissioner Casey called attention to
the fact that the privilege of using a por
tion of the sidewalk during . the receipt
and delivery of goods was being abused,
and so many, complaints had been re
ceived, that something should be done to
relievo the situation so that pedestrians
might have an unobstructed passage.
Casey said that the roadways of the
streets were .being constantly obstructed
and referred to boilers- and machinery
stored on the sidewalks In the foundry
district for an indefinite period.
Mayor Schmitz stated that the board did
not mean to harass the merchants in the
conduct of their business and asked if the
dry ' goods people would be satisfied if
an ordinance requiring the sidewalks to
be kept clear for half their width would
be passed. Representatives of various in
dustries expressed themselves as satisfied
with the requirement. Attorney Gartland
explained that the proposed ordinance
contemplated the temporary occupancy
of a sidewalk during business hours only.
It was thereupon decided "to require that
half the sidewalk be kept clear.
Mayor Schmitz to Address Students.
At the graduation exercises of the edu
cational department of the Young Men'3
Christian Association this evening Mayor
Schmitz will address the -students. An
attractive musical programme, consisting
of vocal and instrumental music, has been
arranged. One hundred and twenty-fl ve
certificates will be issued to graduates in
the various departments. An exhibit of
students' work will be displayed.
Mrs. de Long Seeks Damages.
Martha d* Long of.2627 Folsom street
and David II. de Long, her husband, com
menced a suit for $10,000 damages for per
sonal injuries against W. F. Helbing and
George Moore yesterday. She alleges that
Moore, who is -a contractor, left an ex
cavation he , had made in front of Hel
bing's: residence, on Folsom street, un
guarded, with the result that she walked
into it and sprained her ankle.
- — : — • — ¦ ? « — :
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN , HOTEL.
JP Tyler. Martinez
W Shor*, Fillmore. Ill
R E C Hooper.- S Jose
W J Stack, Butte
EL Moore. Butte
S,H Gatt, Denver
O J Muscio. Olema .
C A Johnson, Boston -
R G Wilson. LAng
C Madlch. N Orleans
S McCurdy. Acata
C Warsh. Oakland
P"J Mahon. Cincinnati
R Freeborn, KentwouJ
E P Bettlnck. Sacto
G A' Toomey&fam. Ind
F J Whlte&w. Ind
Geo Cornet, Ramlaburj
R Wlrtz, L An« '
MERCHANTS MUST NOT
OBSTHTJCT THE SIDEWAI-XS
WASHINGTON. April 16.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of redemption. ¦ shows: Avail
able cash balance, $177,415,442; gold, $92,917.
227. ' ¦¦/•¦¦ - . .
Condition of the Treasury.
'. Small and medium sizes, of , Navel Orange3
were in demand and. moved off well at the quo
tations.' Large sizes were plentiful and moved
¦rather slowly, ;• although' prices were upheld.
The -northern 'steamer took out a, few; boxes,
but prices were too high to. allow of any great
: movement .in ? that.- direction: .' At the auction, 6
cars were sold at the following • prices : . Fancy
Navels, $2 35@."5 10; • choice- - do,; $2 30@2 85;
standard do,-,75c<ft$2 60; choice Seedlings. $1 25
@1 40. ' Fancy • Lemons were -sold for $1(0®
2" -io. u^Bfcfl^-iPsw^^wSaswenBfflsM^^ - - ¦.¦ -;
-¦'. Offerings - of ripe - Bananas continued scarce
and, the demand was brisk. prices on
New , are : for some small bunches that
' were -offering. v - ; • •_•,'., ¦ '„' .
Fancy/ grades of Apples -moved fairly well,
but cheap stock was not wanted.
--APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
@1 75 for good to choice and -. 60c@$l for or
dinary. '¦"':. ¦" '
-1 CITRUS FRX'ITS— Navel - Oranges, $1©1 75
for, standard," $2@2 50 for -choice > and $2 50® 3
for fancy ; extra ¦ fancy, $3 25@3 40 ; Seedlings,
$1 25©2; Mediterranean Sweets,:. ; $1 75@2 BO;
for ; fancy < and . 900®$ 1 35 ' for. standard ; • Va
lencias, 1 $2 75@3;' Malta Blood Oranges, $2
00; "< Tangerines, Jin quarter boxes, . 75c@$l
and I $1 25@1 CO : in •' half boxes; ". Lemons, 75c@
$1* for "common and - $1 25@$1 75 - f or ¦ good to
choice and $2@2 75. for fancy; Orapj Fruit. $1
@3, Including. seedless ;; Mexican Limes. $4 50®.
5 : 1 Bananas, $1 75@3 per .; bunch : for New , Or
leans; and $1 50@2 for Hawallans; Pineapples,"
$3@4 , per, dozen. ..; . . „ ¦• - _-.v
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The climate^ and crop service of the Weather
Bureau " says , Honey 'prospects : ': ". "Owing 'to
the' unusual ' abundance 'of wild ' flowers ' In ' San
About 9 chests . of ' Longworth Strawberries
were received, and 'being in good condition' sold
well at 75c@$l per drawer.: Malindas sold for
$2®~3 perforate of 24 baskets, \ 15 crates being
received.-' -.'-"' " ' • .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
: BUTTER — Creamery, 19@20c • per pound for
fancy, : ISSIS^c for ¦ firsts and 17% c for sec
onds; ¦ dairy, i 16@lSc; ; store Butter, 14@15c > per
pound. ' ¦> ¦¦¦¦-", ' -. v
j - CHEESE — New, ¦ 9@10c; « old, 9@10c; : Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, ' 13@15c per pound.
. EGGS-^Ranch, 14@>15c, with 16cfor selected
large; store, 12%@14c per dozen,-
- Receipts were 42,100 pounds and 45 tubs of
Butter, , 1372 cases of Eggs, 30,550 ; pounds of
California Cheese and — r— pounds of ' Eastern
Cheese. ¦¦' . ¦¦ . / ¦ - .¦ .
Cheese- continues ' weak and? prices show no
change. The northern steamer took out 3000
pounds.- ' > ' . • -
Egga are steadier' and fine, ranch, < as men
tioned yesterday, . are in lighter : supply than
the other grades and firmer. There are plenty
of medium and -.lower grades to be had and the
market for these descriptions, is still easy. Re
ceipts . yesterday were . lighter L . than for some
time. v .-;'-' ' .• ' ;. - *
. In spite of the heavy receipts \ and large
stocks Butter has turned firmer- and is ad
vancing, : owing ' to • the demand for the West,
where the weather is'Viry dry. ¦ feed short and
stocks "of Butter much lighter than usual. The
New York "and Chicago markets . are steadily
advancing and they are beginning- to . look ¦ to
the Pacific 9 Coast for supplies. The commis
sion merchants are trying to make prices that
the East will accept, believing it for. the best
Interests of the trade to ship out all the Butter
possible. .The •' shipping • price is -21c,'. which
means about . 19c - or 18ftc.net, ..when ,the ex
pense of . package, . brokers' commissions, . etc.,
are deducted: ¦ The New York • and Chicago
markets advanced lc yesterday, making a total
advance of 2c or 3c thus far 'this week. ; The
Dairy "Exchange -marked up its quotations to
17@18c for creameries. , 15@17c • for dairies and
14c for store. '.' Two cars have thus ' far '. been
ordered ¦ for ; the .West, ." as already mentioned.
The northern steamer yesterday took put 10,196
pounds for. Victoria, the largest quantity: for
some time. ' •.•:¦' . ¦ ¦ ¦ -' • ' • . •'
Butter j Cheese and Eggs:
SEATTLE, April 16. — Clearings, $505,098;
balances, $57,474. :.•-...'
'TACOMA. April 16.— Clearings, $198,010; bal
ances, $55,877. i t
PORTLAND, April 16.— Clearings, $441,483;
balances, $71,004. ¦ , .-
SPOKANE, April 16.— Clearings. $201,812;
balances, $2i;210. .
Northern Business.
Last This Last
Stations— 21 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka o.CG 46. «0 44 5S
Red Bluff 0.00. 29 71 «**£S
Sacramento ti.oo 16.28 ll.zo
&an Francisco O.OO 17.36 18 99
f r f En <> 0.0U 6.40 10.39
Independence 0.00 4.23 5 81
San Luis Obispo.... 0.00 21.18 «>-'s7
Los Angeles 0.00 10.44 14 18
San Diego q.qq 5.55 io!c6
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature
«-»; minimum, 47: mean. 52. . "
The following maximum and minimum te'm
peratures were reported from Eastern stations :
B^ton 60-40 Kansas City 60-42
Cincinnati 54-44|Duluth 54-36
Philadelphia 5S-J2 Omaha 56-H
Jacksonville 06-58 'Chicago 44-3"
Washington 54-38 jSt Louis 54-42
New York 56-«0'salt Lake City. ..60-42
NEW YORK. April 10.— Close— Money oh
call: was firm at 4@5ft ' per cent; closing bid
and- asked, 4@4% per cent. Prime mercantile
paper,' 4%@5V4 per cent. Sterling exchange
was steady, with actual I business in bankers'
bills at $4 8r>Ti for demand and at $4 84VV for
sixty days. Posted rates, $4 80@4 88V.. Com
mercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%. Bar silver, 53%o.
Mexican dollars, 43c. Government bonds, steady;
State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
<12O£ix Meridian— Pacific Time )
SAN FRANCISCO. April 1«— 0 p. m .
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours: ¦"-..../ .
Weather Report.
GAME— Hare, 75c@*l; Rabbits. $1 25@1 50
for Cottontails and $1 for- Brush; Gray Geese,
$1 CO: White Geese, 50c; Brant. 75c@$l 25 per
dozen; Honkers, $3; English Snipe, $2 50@3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50.
POULTRY — Live 'Turkeys, 13@14c for Gob
blers and 15@16c for Hens; Geese, * per pair,
§1 5d@ 1 75; Goslings, $2 25<&2 50; Ducks, $4 50
(ft 5 for old and $7@8 for young; Hens. $4 50@
5 50; young Roosters, $6 50@7,50; old Roosters,
$i@4 50; Fryers. $5@G; Broilers, ?4(S4 50- for
large and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 5001 .75
per dozen for old and SI 75@2 for Squabs.
Receipts . of Game were 24 sacks. The mar
ket was . exceedingly dull and large quantities
had to be dumped. .- ' •
Two cars of . Eastern Poultry were • offered
yesterday, making four thus far this week. Re.
celpts.of Callfornian were over 100 coops arid
the market was consequently weak. Young
Roosters were 5 in - demand and j firm. I but i al!
other descriptions were dull, .especially Hens
and old Roosters, which were in. large supply.
Poultry and Game.
CANNED PEAp — Prices of : future Peas are
announced by the California Fruit Canners' -As
sociation as follows: 2-lb standard, 85c: sifted
05c; extra sifted. $1 10; petit pots. $1 25. Gal-
Ions — Standards, $3 75 :' extra sifted, $4 25. ¦
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining: Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-lb
bags : Cubes, .. A, Crushed and '¦ Fine Crushed,
4.50c; Powdered,- 4.35c: Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated . Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; < Magnolia A. 3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; . Golden C. 3.65c; "D," 3.55c:
barrels, 10c more; half -barrels, 25c" more;
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels/ 4.75c; boxes.
5c per lb. No order, taken for less than ' 75
barrels or its equivalent. ,-
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. in bulk,
13%@14c; Pearl- Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, In bulk, 16c;
in cases. 22%c; Benzine. In bulk. 14%c: In
cases. 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In
cases, 2ti%c. \\. ¦ . - _,
TURPENTINE— 67c per gallon in cases and
61c -in drums and iron barrels. . '
OIL — California Castor Oil," in cases. No 1~
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
7Cc; raw, 74c;. cases, r 5c more; Lucol. 66c. for
boiled and 64c - for raw. | in - barrels ; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 90c; ca&es, 95c;
China Nut. 57%@68c per- gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c. Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42ftc; cases, 47ftc: Co.
coanut Oil, barrels,- 63ftc for Ceylon and 58y»c
for Australian. • • ¦ '
• COAL— Wellington, $9 per . ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta. $8; Walls
end, ifS 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks: Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. : Welsh Anthra
cite, $14: Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in Rdcks; Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and SS 50 per ton.
according to brand.
¦ BAGS— Grain Bags, . June and July, j 6c ; San
Quentln, .5.55c;.... Wool,: Bags, 32635c; Fleece
Twine, 7ft@Sc. *t\?, .:
General Merchandise.
ST. JOSEPH, ; April 16?— CATTLE— Receipts,
1350 head. Market steady to ioc lower. Na
tives, $5 40@7; cows and heifers, $1 25@6 50;
veals. $3 50@5 75; stockers . and feeders, $2
©5 25. ¦
HOGS — Receipts, 4000. Market 5@10c lower.
Light and light mixed, $6 8O@7 15; medium
and heavy, $7@7 25; pigs, $4 75@6 50.
SHEEP — Receipts, 4200. Steady. Western
lambs, $6@6 85; Western sheep. $4 50@6.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO. April 16.^CattIe— Receipts, 19,
000, Including .800 Texans; 10^1 5c, lower. Good
to" primeTsteers,*$6 T5#7*60;' i *poor' > t6 7 medlunr.'
$1 7n@8 60: stockers and feeders $2 50@5 25;
cows, $1 25@0; heifers. $2 50@6 35; 'canners,
$l'50@2 40;, bulls. $2 50@5 50; calves, $2 50@
5 25; Texa3 fed steers,. $5 25@6 25.
Hogs — Receipts to-day. 33,000:- to-morrow.
2S.000; left over, 8000: 5@10c lower. Mixed
and butchers, $6 80@7 30: good to choice
hoavy, $7 20@7 40: rough ; heavy.. $6 90i»7 15;
light, $6 75@7; bulk of sales, $«;05@7 20.
.Sheep— Receipts,; 16,000; .^steady -to -strong.
Iambs steady. > Good to choice? Wetners, 55 25©
Or fair to choice mixed. $4 75@" 40; Western
sheep, $4 75@6; native lambs, $4 75@6 85;
Western lambs, $5 25@6 85. ¦
Eastern Livestock Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW. YORK. April 16.— Cotton closed quiet,
6 points higher to. 3 points lower.
Copper began flat en the drop In the metal
of %, but the fortnightly, statement shows de
creases of 347 tone in stocks and 1097 in sup
plies. The metal rallied V4 to 92%- Rio Tiritos
finished only % down to 44.
The prospectus regarding consols shows an
issue of £32.000.000 at 93ft, equivatent to 92%.
allowing as discount the full payment and a
quarter's interest to July 5. Half the loan Is
taken, which is firm in advance. The Roths
child's, Morgan's and Baring's. prospectus was
out at 2 o'clock. Applications * are ¦ already
heavy, including one for £1,000,000 by the Mu
tual Life Insurance Company , and £400,000 by
the Guaranty Trust Company. The premium
reached 1 3-16 and closed at %, adjusting itself
to consols, which are 11-10 down, to 92%. The
new consols are good delivery on full payment,
the market offering \i for allotment. Results
were that the market is irregular,' with some
nervousness regarding peace. There is a fear
that there may be considerable sales on a
hitch in negotiations. Americans were very
spotty. ' Louisville and Nashville was quieter.
London is short. The price fluctuated between
12ti to 129 and back to 127%. Rail
way was- heavily traded In around 38, 39ft. and
back to 36ft. The favorites are ' Chesapeake
and Ohio. St. Paul, Atchison and Baltimore and
Ohio. The close was irregular. : . ' . : ¦
NEW YORK. April 16. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London cablegram says: '¦.-.
• i . Morning Session.
¦ Board— .¦•->_-;*
1,000 Clalrmont ...................... 22
500 Four v . 53
100 Home Oil S 65
500 Lion 07
1,000 Monarch of Arizona ¦ 17
100 Peerless I 00
1,000 Petroleum Center 10
6.000 Petroleum Center 11
1.000 Petroleum Center. s90 11
1.000 Petroleum Center, ¦ 90 12
1,000 Petroleum Center, s 90 13
1,000 Petroleum Center, s 90 14
1,000 Petroleum Center, s 90.......... 15
14,350 Petroleum. Center 15
1,000 Piedmont. b30..... - 10
1,000 Piedmont . I....:........... 10
100 Sovereign 31
. 500 Sterling 160
100 Sterling, b 60 A 1 65
Afternoon, Session.
Board —
600 California Standard 19,
,<T >1 Hanford 84 00'
50 Kern..; 50
100 Monarch of Arizona 13
2,000 Petroleum Center 15
200 Sovereign » S2
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the. sales la the San
Francisco Stock and Exchanges Board yester
day:
Morning- Session. .
400 Best & Bel.. 24i 700 Ophlr 1 15
200 Challenge .. 161 200 Overman .. 20
200 Mexican 45 1 200 Yel Jacket.. 11
Afternoon Session.
300 Chollar 14 200 Ophlr .130
150 C C & Va 1 35 200 Silver Hill.. 50
300 Mexican ... 49 v
The following were the sales la the Paclflo
Stock Board yesterday:
. ' - Morning Session.
700 Best & Bel.. 25 600 Ophlr 117ft
300 Challenge. ... 17 200 Ophlr 120
BOO Chollar .... 12 400 Ophlr X 22Xi
000 Chollar .... 13 300 Ophlr .....123
400 C-C & Va...l 35 200 Overman .... 21'
200 C C & Va..l 37% 400 Potosl 23
300 Gould & Cur. 07 600 Savage 12
200 Mexican ... 45 500 Utah ...... 04
600 Occidental ..10
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Bel.. 26 200 Ophlr 127ft
400 Chollar..... 13 SCO Potosl 25
100 C C & Va ...1 35 20O Sierra Nev.. 24
200 Gould & Cur. OS 200 Yel Jacket.. 12
300 Mexican 48
. CLOSING . QUOTATIONS.
Wednesday, April 15—4 p. ra.
Bld.Aafc.| Bid-Ask.
Alpha 02 03 1 Justice .... . CS 10
Alta ....:.. — 05 Kentuck .... — 01
Andes ...... 04 05 Lady W.... — 04
Belcher .... 08 10 Mexican .... 43 49
Best & B. . 25 20 Occidental . 10 12 -
Bullion 02 OSlOphir 1 25 1 SO
Caledonia, ...42 44|Overman ... 20 21
Challenge .. ' 16 20;Potosl ...... 24 25
Chollar .... 13 U. Savage 12 13
Confidence .. 60 65 1 Scorpion .... — 04
CC&Va...l35 1 40J5eg Belcher. 01 03
Con Imperial — 01 3lerra Nev.. 23 24
Con N Y... 01 . C2 Silver Hill.. 4» 60
Crown Ft.'..-: 07 03 3t. Louis.... 06 —
Eureka Con. 18 — Syndicate . . 06 ' —
Exchequer . — 01 Union Con. . . 23 24
Gould & C. 08 09 Utah 04 05.
Hale & Nor. 21 24 Yel Jacket.. 13 13
Julia — 04
¦ LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5ft@6cper.lb livewelght; yearlings,
4%05c per lb. .
HOGS — Live' Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6ft @
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6%@6ftc; feeders. 5%@
«%c; sowe, 20 per cent off; boars, 50 per cent
off. .and stags, 40 per cent off from the above
quotations. .-'>.¦ ¦
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San' Francisco, . less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: ....
CATTLE — Steers. 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 4%@5c; Ewes,' 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight). . , - - », • .'
VEAL— Large, 7ft@8ftc; small." 8ft @10c per
pound. ' - '"• .Vi" 1 ' - -: '"'*:,¦ Ml M
MUTTON— Wethers, Sfe@9ftc; Ewes, 8SSftc
per lb. ' ....¦-;
. LAMB— Yearlings, 9@10c per lb; Spring
Lamb. 11%@12%c per lb. 1 -
PORK— Dressed Hogs,"7%®9ftc per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
. BEEF — 7@7ftc . for . Steers and 6@7c per - lb
for Cows.'
Local receivers of Hogs say that the demand
has been reduced 50. per . cent by the current
advance and that retail and jobbing butchers
have 'cut their orders In two. It seems that
the . public thinks that It cannot eat Pork at
the , present prices. ¦ Otherwise there Is noth
ing new. . ¦• • : .
; ' DRESSED, MEATS. ':
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:' '_• ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
- The local iron . market ruled steady and ! un
changed. Plglron warrants were nominal. No.
1 foundry. Northern, $19@20; No. 2 foundry,
northern, S1S@11); No. 1 foundry, southern,
$17 5O@1S; No. 1 foundry southern, . soft, $17 50
@18. Glasgow closed at 64s Od and Middles-'
boro at 4Us 7%d. - '
-Lead- ruled ¦ steady and unchanged at New
York at $4 12%, while London advanced Is 3d
to £11 12s. Cd.
, Spelter was unchanged here at $4 45 and at
London at £17 15s.
"Tin was firm at New .York, but unchanged,
with spot at $28. London closed £1 7s 6d
higher, with spot at £128 5s and futures at
£125 15s. J
NEW YORK. April 16.— Trading In standard
copper .was active to-day, though the market
was easy. " Sales were 1000 tons of June and
July at $11 12% and $11 15. The spot price
for standard, is $11@11 50 and for June. and
July - $11 • 10 and $11 15. Lake was quoted at
$12 25, electrolytic at $12 12% and casting at
$12. The ; London market for copper was 10s
lower at the opening, but the activity in stand
ard copper at New York caused a partial re
covery and the net loss ¦ was only 5s. Spot
and futures closed at £52 17s Cd.
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
' VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy, $2
per box, ?1 50@l 75 for No. 1 and $1®
1 25 forvNo. 2; Rhubarb, 25@85c . per box;
extra fancy, $1@1 25; Green Peas, 2@2%c;
String Beans, from Los Angeles, 8@12%c, in
cluding Wax; Cabbage, 40@5Oc per ctl; Los An
geles Tomatoes, ?1@1 40 per box and $1@1 40
per crate; Mexican Tomatoes, 75c@$l 25 per
box, Including repacked; Dried Peppers, 10@llc
per lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra,
12%@20c per lb; .Carrots, ,75c per ' sack;-Hot
house Cucumbers.', 6Oc@$l per dozen < for small
and .$1 251^1 50 for large: Garlic, 2@2%c; Los
Angeles . Green Peppers. - 8@12%c : Mexican do,
8(510c; Egg Plant,: from - Los ¦ Angeles, 15@
'20c; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, 51'g)
150; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per. ton; Hub
bard Squash, $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS— Oregons,'; $2 10@2 35 for the best
and $1 50@2 for lower grades; Australian. $30
3 25, second hands; Nevadas, $2 35; Green
Onions, 40@50c per box.
POTATOES — New. Potatoes, 2@3c ! per lb;
old. $1 35® 1 55 for Burbanks . from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 60@l 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 75; River Reds. $1 50@>l (50; Early
Rose, for seed, $1 50@l 65; Oregon Burbanks,
for seed, $1 20@l. 50; Sweets, $1 90@2 for Mer
ced. A . H» ' ' ': . ' ' ¦
"Receipts of Asparagus. were heavy add prices
were lower, as there was but little demand fcr
shipping and the retailers were well supplied.
Offerings of Rhubarb continued plentiful and
prices were lower. Receipts of Peas were
over 800 sks and large quantities were sold by
the sack. Some 'fancy stock sold' early, at 3c
per lb, but the quotations cover the general
run of offerings. Los Angeles Vegetables sold
well at about the same prices. .«•' '• -
Desirable, offerings of Oregon Onions were in
demand' and sold readily at -an advance, but
poor stock continued dull and plentiful. Aus
tralians and Nevadas. were offering freely at
the quotations. :, Green -. Onions sell readily
when fresh, but " old ¦ stock, which is plentiful,
is not wanted at any price. .. ¦ > ¦ 1 J
'Prices on new Potatoes had; a wider range,
owing .to the large' supplies. There was some
inquiry' for- northern' shipment.-- Oregon'.Bur
banks were firmer. Offerings were generally
of good quality and the quotations were easily
obtained: ' Some gilt edge stock sold at , a
slight advance over ¦ the .top quotation. Seed
Burbanks of desirable size were in demand, at
Improved prices. One car of jj Sweets came ' In
and sold well at the quoted prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
LIVERPOOL
Wheat — May. July.
Opening 6% • 5 11%
Closing (i % 5 11%
¦. PARIS.
' Wheat — • " April. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 50 . 20 60 :
Closing 2 22 45 20 65 ,
Flour — - .. ' ¦ ¦
Opening ,...;.....' ...27 15 26 70
Closing : .27 15 • 20 70 \>
* New York Metal Market.
"Afcide from these considerations the market
shows a decidedly better undertone. Peace
prospects in South Africa are an important re
lief in London that will surely be reflected
here. Money has ruled firm and bank reserves
are low. but currency will soon return from
the interior and easier rates and rising reserves
may be anticipated until the crop demand* be.
gin in July. There is plenty of money in the
We&t. and considering the large increase in the
domestic production of gold the shipment of a
lew millions to Europe should cause no real
concern. There is a fair reason to hope thi»t
in spite of occasional signs of reaction ye
Fhall have another year of prosperity. Con
sumption of all kinds of manufactured products
lc still going on at an unprecedented scale,
and high prices do not yet seem to have
checked demand. Railroad earnings continue
to show liberal gains over the phenomenal re
turns of last year; and if the harvest of 1002
ehould prove to be an average one general busi
ness is likely to continue oj a liberal scale.
"While ti;o winter wheat crop report shows a
considerable decline in condition, ' compared
with December, the indications are still for a
jrood-sized crop. Very likely the first real set
bac-K will come in Wall street, which will be
the first to feel the effects of overdoing, and
the first to anticipate any reaction. It is per
lectly true, however, to say that Wall street
does not feel any apprehensions on that score;
on the contrary there is s. feeling of reasonable
optimism in the street, which is quite likely to
be reflected in a higher range of prices. As we
nave eaid toefore. good investments are ex
ceedingly scarce and there is plenty of money
to invest: so that while prices are high it is im
possible to say they cannot go higher under fa
vorable conditions. The market has had fully
e:x months of rest, during which the weak
spots have been pretty well eliminated, and
legal uncertainties affecting the merger deal*
tre not likely to receive much attention for
some time to come. With good crops there
would be little wanting just now to give us a
bnter market than confident leadership.
Whether that will be forthcoming or not re
mains to be seen."
"The stock market has exhibited greater ac
tivity and strength. Each day witnessed a
steadily broadening market, and the facility
with which lirst one slock was advanced and
then another showed a high degree of manipu
lation, which excited more or less distrust in
the stability of the present movement. Manip
ulation wan of course the chief factor in the
sharp advances; though no extended moi'ement
in the market is ever successful without stimu
lant of some sort, and much depends upon the
circumstances on which the manipulation is
based, as well as upon those who assume the
lead. Wall street is Just now being treated
to fcume experiences in leadership. A bold
and wealthy clique of Western capitalists have
stepped into the speculative arena and created
more or less sensation by the methods which
they adopted to create activity. These gentle
men hyive amassed large fortunes through the
great industrial combinations which they helped
promote during the last three years. Having
large sums cf money at their disposal, and con
trolling lending institutions that add to their
resources, their power in the market cannot be
ignored. Everything depends, however, upon
the sort of leaders they prove to be. _-.«^^
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
THE FUTURE.
GENERAL FEELING OF CONFIDENCE IN
Outlook in Wall Street.
Articles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels » 73,000 17,000
Wheat, bushels . . . . . . . 97.000 : 43.000
Corn, bushels ..'...... . 65,000; 102,000
Oats, bushels ..... ........258.000 . 71,000
Rye, bushels ............!. 20,000' . 4,000
Barley, bushels ..; 30.000 .9.000
' On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; * creamery, 25@30c; dairy,
2t@29c. Cheese, unchanged. 12@13c. Eggs,
firm; fresh, lS'ic. " _ ' •
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 27.800 80% 5 79% 80%
Atchison pfd J.. 7,200 88% -98% 98%
Bait & Ohio 41.500 109% 108% 108%
Bait & Ohio pfd ,.. .... »0V 4
Canadian Pacific .. 9.700 120ft 119% 119%
Canada Southern . . 7,500 92 88 89%
Chesapeake & Ohio 2,500 48 46% 47 V*
Chic & Alton 1,500 37',i 36% 3(i%
Chic & Alton pfd.. 100 76 . 76 76
Chic Ind &-Louis.. 8,400 05% 64 64%
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 1,100 78% 78 78
Chic & East III - 100 166% 166% 1«5
Chic & Great West 52,900 26 24% 25%
Chic & G W A pfd. 100 88% 88% 89
Chic & G W B pfd. 400 47 46% 46%
Chic & Northwest. 5,200 254 250% 252
Chic R I & Pac 1,000 174ft 173% 173ft
Chic Ter & Tr 3.500 21 20 20%
Chic Ter &' Tr pfd 9,800 38% 37ft 38ft
C C C & St Louis.. 3.500 106% 103% 1C5V4
Colo Southern 10,700 30% 29% 29%
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 900 74% 74% .74 i
Colo Sou 2d pfd... 2,000 45V4 45 45
Del & Hudson 2,400 173% 172% ' 171%
Del Lack & West 286
Denver &R G:.... 1.300 44% - 44>i 44%
Denver & R G pfd. 600 91% 91% 91%
Erie 23.300 37% 37 37%
Erie 1st pfd 4.700 (39% 68»i . 69
Erie 2d pfd........ 2,500. 54% 53% ' 54%
Great Northern pfd 700' 186% 186 185%
Hocking Valley ... 800 ' 82% 82 82 .
Hocking Val pfd.. 300 91 90 89 Vi
Illinois Central ... 4,100 145% 144 144
Iowa Central 500 49% 4» . 49%
Iowa Central pfd.. 2,900 86 '85 85%
Lake Erie & W 500 C9% 69 69
Lake E & W pfd 129
Louis & Nash 15,000 128 ,124% 125ft
Manhattan L 5,400 133% 132% 132%
Metropolitan St Ry 1.500 -155 153% • 154%
Mexican Central... 3.500 30% 30 29%
Mexican National.. 1,900 18% - 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 300 109 108% 108%
Missouri Pacific ... 10,500 101% 100% 100%
Mo Kan & Tex 800 25% 25 24%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 1,800 55% 55% 65%
N J Central ..... 185
N Y Central 3,500 163% 163 l«3ft
Norfolk & Western. 49,400 5S% 57ft 57ft
Norfolk & W pfd.. . ..:. .... 90
Ontario & West... 5,700 33»4 32% 33
Pennsylvania 15,600 151% 150% 150%
Reading 119,500 59% 57% 59%
Reading 1st pfd... 4,200 •'"' 83% •¦ 82% 82%
Reading 2d pfd.... 20.500 69% 68V4 69V4
St L & S F .... 2.000 71% 70% 70%
St L & S F 1st pfd. . 83
St L & S F 2d pfd. 500 74'4 ¦ 74 ' 73%
St L Southwest 500 29»,i 29 29%
St L Southwest pfd 2.100 63% 62ft 62
St Paul 57.700 171'? 170ft 170%
St Paul pfd 400 194 193 .192%
Southern Pacific .. 17,000 ; 67*i 66% 66%
Southern Ry ......233,800 S8ft 37 37
Southern Ry pfd... 4.600 97% '96ft 90>4
Texas & Pacific... 46,500 44% 43 43%
Tol St L & West.. 1,500 22% 21% 21%
Tol St L & W pfd. ' 1.100 40 39% 39%
Union Pacific '.. ;..• 32, 400 .103% 102 102V*
Union Pacific pfd.. 1.900 87% 87% . 87%
Wabash 4,000 24% .'24% '24%
Wabash pfd ,:..... 3,700 44ft .44 44
Wheeling A L E... 000 20% 20ft 20 Vi
W & L E 2nd pfd ... ... :i2ft
Wisconsin Central.. 5*. 600 27% ,24 27ft
WIs Central pfd... 8,900 50%. 47 4'J%
Express Companies — 7 •
Adams ... ... ' 205
American 100 . 233 233 231
United States 2,600 124% 122% 124
Wells Fargo .' 210
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 37.100 66 64% 05%
Am Car & Foundry 1,700. 29 -. 2S% " 28%
Am Car & Fdy pfd. 100 88% $$% 88%
Am Linseed Oil.... 300 23 23 22%
Am Linseed Oil pfd • 51
Am Loco 23.500-34% 33ft "3» '¦.
Am Loco pfd 3.000. 94% 94% 94VJ
Am Smelt & Ref..'. 800 46ft '46% 46-i
,Am Sm & Ref pfd 87V«
Anaconda Mln Co. . 2,400 113% 112 113
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 2,800 65%' 05 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 33,200 1«T>V. 100 102%
Con Gas V.'.. 3,400 225% 224 22i\j
Cont Tobacco pfd.. '- 500 --120ft' 119ft 119
Gen?ral Electric .. 900 328 ft 327 327%
Hocking Coal ...... 200 21 20ft 20ft
International Paper 100 ' 21' - 21 20%
Int Paper pfd...... . 100.74% 74% 74%
Int Power ... . 19.400 150% 135 140%
K C Southern .. 7.200' 25% 25 25
K C Southern pfd/. 4,900 '58% 57% 58
Laclede Gas ... ...I ..;.:;... • ... -89-
National Biscuit... •' 200 • B0%^ 50% w0-«i
National Lead .'2,000 19 1SV4 18«i
National Salt ...\. .'...:.. ... .... '. 9 -
National Salt pfd.. r . :....' ... '.:... 09*:
Northern American. 1,000 *126ft '124ft 125
Pacific Coast;.... '.....;. ... ' ¦..;*' .70
-Pacific Mall :..<- 1,300 43ft 42ft 42
People's Gas . . ;::. n - 1,200 102% 102 • 102U
Pressed Steel Car../ 400 40% • 40 40Va
Pressed S Car pfd.. ,300 «TC% 83 ' K!%
Pullman Pal Car. . .. ... ... ;.'2:J5
Republic Steel ;... " - 800 17% , 17 • . 1714
Republic Steel pfd.. 2.000 73Vi 72% 72Ti
Sugar ........ .17.200 .133% .131% 132--1T
Tenn Coal & Iron 1 .. 2,200 ''70%' 09%' fiOi/T
Union Bag & P Co; " 200 10 1C' I5V,
Un Bag& PCopfd ... 81.
TPS leather.'.. '..'..^2,000 12% " 12% 12*;
U S Leather pfd;.. 100 R4% -R4% 84
US Rubber.....'... 400 , 18ft - 18ft - 18
II fi Rubber pfd.... 400 61% 00 59%
U S Steel 7,000 41ft 40% «¦
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
ing was in evidence all day long, which kept
xhe price almost constantly below last night's
level. The stock's net loss was %. There
was some selling induced by the emphatic dis
claimers on the part of the Southern Railway
interests of any participation in the Louisville
and Nashville purchases, present or prospec
tive, but the distinction drawn between J. 1\
Morcan & Co. as bankers and the same firm
as the control! Ing influence in Southern Rail-_
way seemed somewhat strained. The exten
sive power over the affairs of Louisville and
Nashville allotted to thelirm seems sufficient se
cunty for its operation in harmony with Southern-
Railway. The brokers most active in the sell
ing- of that stock. to-day were those that wtre
heaviest buyers yesterday and who have oper
ated conspicuously for the so-called Gates ele
ment in" all the railroad deals of late. They
were sellers of 1 other stocks which have re
cently been bought up to a materially higher
level. But they also were large buyers at new
points in the market, having a large part in
the advance of the coalers, both hard and soft.
The buyins of Chesapeake and Ohio, Norfolk
and Western and Baltimore and Ohio seemed
to be based on the assumption that they should
enjoy the same advantage as those of Southern
Railway In similar and neighboring .territory.
The Western end Pacific stocks, ss a rule,
were subject to realizing, but there were a
number of smaller railroads whose stocks were
sharply advanced with an appearance of ab
sorption for control. > which - really -induced a
speculative following among the professionals
because of -the. prevalent feeling in Wall street
that a "railroad cannot be left out over night
without being snapped up by some syndicate,"
in the expressive phrase of the president of one
of the coalers. Wisconsin Central was the most
conspicuous Instance of this class, both of '-its
stocks rising more 'than 3 points and closing
strong in contrast with a reactionary tendency
in some parts of the market. There was a
large number of* minor stocks which showed
gains of a point or more at one time during
th«? day. but the cases are rare where the full
advance was sustained. Sugar became strong
for a time on the decision to limit tha period
for debate on the Cuban reciprocity bill.
Amalgamated Copper was sold on account' of
the reduction in Anaconda's dividend and fears
that similar action would be taken to-morrow
in the Amalgamated dividend. International
Power- mp.de an extraordinary upward move
ment of 19% points, closing with a net gain- of
17Vi. Rumors were current of some . combina
tion with -American Locomotive. ¦ The gains
were not well maintained in any case and
there were not a few declines during the day
among important stocks, but the evidence that
the financial powers which have been leading
the speculation were still active kept the in
terest in the market awake. .¦ :
The money market showed no disturbance
and there was no advance ' in the ¦ exchange
market despite larsre sales of stocks, for Lon
don account and the prospective demand for
exchange on account of American subscriptions
to the new British consol loan, the' times ot
issue of which were i announced ' to-dav. ' The
market closed active and irregular. - -¦: -•-». -
The bond market generally was .irregular.
Total sales, $4,395,000. United States bonds
were all unchanred on the last call.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about lftc under quotations. . Heavy 'salted
Steers, lOftc; medium. 9@9ftc; light, 8@8ftc;
Cow Hides, 9c for heavy and S@8ftc for light;
Stags, 6@6ftc; Salted Kip. 8@Sftc; Salted Veal,
9@9%c; Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls,
14c; Dry Kip, 13c;' Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and
Brands. 15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@vS0c
each; short Wool, 35@60c each; medium. 65®
75c; long Wool; 90c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides,
salt. $2 75@3 for large and $2 23@2 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 25@t\50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32 ftc; dry salted Mexican,
25c; dry Central. American,, 32 ftc. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras. 75c;. large and - smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c - ' . -" • ¦ ¦¦
TALLOW— No. ¦ 1 rendered. 5ft@6c - per lb;
No. 2. 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c. ,
WOOL — Spring — Northern free. 14@16c; do,
defective. 13@14c; Middle county free, 13@15c;
do,' defective. 12@13c; Southern, 12 months,
9@10c; do. 7 months. 9@lle; Foothill, ll@13c;
Nevada. 12@15e per lb. .
HOPS-rll@12c for fair and 12ft@14c per
lb for good to choice, first hands. . ' ,
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
.'.Further changes In Beans, generally narrow
and unimportant, : will be observed. The mar
ket continues quiet and featureless, with con
tinued depression in whites. '-•. : •
¦ BEANS— Bayos, ¦ $2 40@2 60; small White.
$1 90(S2 15; large White, $2@2 20; Pea, $3 25@
3 50; Pink, $1 83@2 10;~ Red, - $2 25@2 50;
Blackeye, $4 50@4 75; Limas, $3 33@3 60; Red
Kidneys; ¦ $3 75©4- per ctl.' • v « ' :
/SEEDS—Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, ¦ $3 ,25@3 60;. Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary,' 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@U&c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, l%(g>
2Vic; Hemp, 3%c per lb. '¦
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 6O®2; Green, $1 50
@2; Blackeye, nominal. .-.
Beans and: Seeds.
Cash .quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 2 spring wheat, 74@70c; No.' 3,
70(g,73c; No. 2 red, 8lO82Vtc; No. 2 oats, ; *3ft@
44ftc; No. 2 ¦ white. >~45<S>45%c; No. 3 white.
44%@45%c; No. 2 rye, f.7V>c: fair to choice
malting barley, C3@68c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 65V4;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1 78: prime timothy seed,
$t> S5; mess pork, .. per barrel, $16 75@16 80;
lard, per 100 pounds. $9 65@9 70: short-rib
sides (loose), $0 05@9 15; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), $7 62V-@7 75; short clear sides (boxed).
$0 60@9 70; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, $7 90. ; ' •
H COTTOLENE — One half-barrel. lOftc; three
half-barrels. 10c; one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
0%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 12ftc per lb for
.heavy 13c for light medium, 14c for light.
15c for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cilred Hams. 13ftc; California
Hams, 12ft@13c; Mess Beef. $9@9 50 per bar
rel; extra Mess, $10@10 50; Family, $11@11 50;
prime Mess Pork, $16; extra clear. $22 50023;
Mess. $18 50@10; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork, $25: Pigs' Feet. $4 75: Smoked Beef.
13%@14c perlb. ¦ .- •"'
LARD— Tierces quoted at S©8%c per lb for
compound and llftc - for pure; half barrels,
pure, .U%c: 10-lb tins. 12c; 5-lb tins. 12}4c;
3-lb tins, 12Hc. -
There ia nothing new to report. There, Is
some talk of a possible advance in Hams,
Bacon and Lard within a few days, but thus
far it is merely talk. The Chicago market :1s
steady, v - ¦•-.-• "-"-; .""
Provisions.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Some activity in oil sliarcs.
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Wheat firm and Barley rather zeeak.
Large sccdings of Oats in the Southwest.
Nothing hczl' in Corn and Rye.
Bran continues to- advance. Hay easy and featureless.
Beans and Seeds "about as before.
Butter advancing under a demand for the East.
Cheese zveak and in heavy supply. Fine Eggs steadying.
IVcathcr Bureau predicts a large Honey crop.
Provisions quiet and steady. ;-. . . <;
Demand for Pork curtailed by the high prices.
Sound Potatoes and Onions higher. Asparagus, lower.
Poultry and Game continue quiet.
Fresh Fruits about as before. ;'¦¦
Canncrs name prices for nezu Canned Peas.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran ¦ continues to advance. All other de
scriptions ; under this head remain ' as before
quoted. • :>"'. - " ¦ ¦
.; BRAN— ?17@1S per ton!
, MIDDLINGS— $19 50@21 per ton.'
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $21@21 50 per
ton; Oilcake' Meal. at the ! mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$2G 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$29@20 50 ; v Cracked Corn, - $29 50@30; Mixed
Feed, $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $20 .50,,
HAY— Wheat. $9@11 50: Wheat and Oat.
$8 60@ll; Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $S@11; Clo
ver, $7@9; Volunteer, $6 50@S 60;' Stock, $6®8
per ton. . . ¦ ¦ .. • ' •¦.
-; STR A W— 40@65c per bale.
FLOUR— California 'Family Extras. $3 50®
3 75, usual, terms; Bakers' -Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon," $2 75@3 25 .per barrel for family and
$3(g3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $3
®3i50. ' - . : ¦. •' ..-.-. V
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, ¦ usual '. discount to the trade : Graham
Flour, '$3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal.
$'l 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn' Meal, -'$3 25; extra
cream do. $4 ;- Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy, $4©
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, - $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; in
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green .Peas," $6 50 per 100 lba.
Flour and Millstuffs.
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. ;
Money , United Fruit..... 103'4
Call loans 4@4ft U S Steel... ...'.;. 40%
Time loans 4@5 U S Steel pfd U3%
Bonds — ¦ IVestinghse Com.. 112
Atchison 4s ..103 Minirr —
Gss lsts 86 Adventure 22%
Mexican Cent 4s. 83% 4.11ouez .....'..... 3
N E Gas & Coke. 53 Amalgamated ... C5%
Railroads — ¦ Bingham 33>i
Atchison SOVi Calumet & Hecla.600
Atchison pfd 98 Centennial ....... 19ft
Boston & Albany.2C3 Dominion Coal ... 142 %
Boston Elevated . . 164 . Franklin ... . 12
N Y. N H & H..224' Mohawk -3«U
Fitchburg pfd 146% Old Dominion 21%
Union Pacific 102% Osceola «2
Mexican Central.. '29 % Parrot 27%
Miscellaneous — , Quincy 125
American Sugar.. 133 Tamarack 17
Am Sugar pfd 119ft Trinity ISM
Am Tel & Tel... 174 ft United States.... 21%
Dom Iron & Steel. C7 Utah ". . . . 22ft
General Electric. .327 Victoria 5*4
Mas3 Electric 43Vi Winona 1%
Mass Elec pfd... 96%; Wolverine ...'.... 53%
N E Gas & Coke. 3%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS. r
Consols for money 93% Mo. Kans. & Tex. 26%
Consols for acct.. 93% Mo, «K & T pfd.. 55%
Anaconda 5% N Y Central 167
Atchison ". 82^i Norfolk & Wstrn. 53V4
Atchison pfd 101 Nor & Wast pfd... 92 H
Bait & Ohio 112 - Ontario '& Westn. 33%.
Canadian Pacific. 122 Southern .. Railway 3S%
Ches & Ohio 49^ Southern Ry pfd. 93%
Chgo G Western. 25 Vi Southern Pacific. «!8 a 4
Chgo, M & St P.. 70% Union Pacific . ..105 %
Denver & R G... 45% Union Pac pfd... 00Vi
Den & R G pfd.. 94% U S Steel .;.. 42
Erie 38 US Steel pfd 92%
Erie 1st pfd 70% Wabash .25
Erie 2d pfd 55V* Wabash pfd 45',';
Illinois Central... 148% Spanish 4s 78ft
Louis & Nashvl..l28%
. Bar silver, dull, 2i%d »er ounce.
Money, '2@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per. cent. -. .
The rate of discount in the open market for
three-months' bills is 2 11-16 per cent.
London Market.
¦':i ,:;¦>''• MINING STOCKS.-
Adams Con ..:. 20 Little Chief .... 11
Alice 50- Ontario .....9 00
Breece ;.. 50 Ophlr ........ ...1 00
Brunswick Con. 15 Phoenix 06
Comstock Tun. . 05 V« Potosl ......... 20
Con Cal & Va. .1 25 Savage .......... 08
Dead wood Terra . 55 Sierra Nevada ... 20
Horn Silver . ...1 60 Small Hopes ..45
Iron Stiver 70 Standard ......3 25,
Leadvllle Con... .05
Do conv 4e 110 St.L &/S F 4s. .101 ¦
Canada S 2ds 108 St L & Sw lsts.lOOU
Central of Ga 5s. 11:: Do 2ds 8<tU
Do 1st inc SO S An &. A P 4s.. 91%
Ches & O 4%s...lO8H S Pacific 4s:.... 94%
("hi & Alton 3Us.S4% S Pacific 5s .122%
C. B & Q new 4s. 96 Tex & Pac Ists..l2l ,
CM & StP gen 4s.l}6 Tol. St L & W 4s 83
Chi & Nw con 7s.1S6ft U Pacific 4s... .. .105ft
C, R I & Pac 4s. .112% Do conv 4s. ...107%
C.CC&StLgen 4s.lO4*4 Wabash 1st 119%
Chi Term 4s 90 Do 2ds 111ft
Colo & S 4s...... 90 Do deb B 77%
D & R G 4s..... 103% West Shore 4s... 112%
Erie prior lien 4s. 90% Whell & L E 4s.. 92
Do gen 4s 87% Wis Cantral 4s.. 93
F W & D C 1st.. 113% Con Tob 4s...... 65%
Hocking Val 4V>s.llO«>' ( ' *
U S ref 2s reg....i L & N uni 4s....lO2»i
Do coup .109% Mexican Cen 4s.. 84"!4
U S 3s reg ..108% Do 1st inc.... 34%
- Do coup 109% Min'&.St'L 4s..lO4'/i
U S new 4s reg.. 138 M. K & T 4s... .100-.4
- Do coup 139 Vi Do 2ds 82%
U S old 4s reg..HUi N Y Central lsts.lO-^T/;
Do coup lllVj Do gen 3 %s 1C9
U S 5s reg.. 105% N J Cen gen 5s.. 140%
Do. coup 107 N Pacific 4s .105't«
Atchison gen 4s. .103% Dd 3s .......... 74%
Atchison adj 4s.. 04 N & IV con 4s... 102
B & O 4s 102% Reading gen 4s.. 99
Do 3fts : Ofift StL i I M gen 5s.ll6U
U.S Steel pfd...... 7,300 93% 03V s 03%
Western Union- 1,400 91% • 90% 91U
Total sales, 1,326,000 shares.
. CLOSING BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Articles — : Open. Hlgh. v Low. Close.
Wheat-No. 2—' - .. . r ¦'
May'. ."....¦. 7i\f, .74% 73»4 * 73V4
July 1 .. ....: 75H, 75% " 7.4V» ". 74Vi
September , 74& 75'^ 70% 73%
Corn No. 2 — 1 •"¦ ' ': -': ' ' "" ,
May 63. 63»4 61% Cl%
July 63ft 63% «2 -, 62Vi
September' 62ft 62% 61 ',4 , 61%
Oats No. 2— - ¦ v ".'•V .
May :...... 43 43^i 42%, 43
July. old....... > 35% 35% 35Vs 35%
July, new .V 37%. , 37% 37' 37
September, old. . .31 »0% 30%
September, new. ' 32% ' 33 ''32V4 1 32%
Mess Pork, per barrel — -
May ...........16 85 16 S5 16 70 1G7i%
July ...........17 00 17 05 10 90 16 90
September ......17 00 17 07ft 10 75 17 00
- Lard,' per. 100 pounds — ¦ ¦-
May. r:: T 0 67ft 9 70 9 C2ft ¦ 9 70
July ..:....:.;. 9 77><. 9 80 9 72ft . 9 SO
September ...7. 9 83 " 9 00 9 92Vi , 9 90
Short Ribs; per 100 pounds — ¦ ¦-. • '.'-¦'
May '. .-0.10 ¦'. .0 16 •¦-••' 9 07ft. 9 IS ,
July .....9 25 9 32ft 0 22% 9 30
September . .V. . 9 32 0 42% . 9 32% 9 37%
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
force longs to let go. ; ' May ¦ closed lower
at 61% c. ¦ Some ¦ traders ¦ were of ¦ the opinion
that leading . bulls were ' hammering the mar
ket in order, to' get a " better load, at: low
prices. .- v •.;.¦' ;*.'.:. 1 ; ¦ • ., , - .¦ . •, -."-- . ' ..' f
Oats, were quiet"' and: were traded -. In on a
moderate - scale, though ¦' fluctuations were er
ratic. May closed steady, unchanged, at 43c." ...
Provisions were liquidated to-day on. the in
fluence of a- weaker hog market. -May- pork
closed 15c down; May lard 5@7'/2C lower and
May ribs 2»4@5c down. •
¦ The leading: futures ranged as follows:
cept that: a large quantity of Wheats has been
plowed up. and the land ¦ reseeded to Oats,'=iu
Kansas '. and - Oklahoma, where " this year's
acreage - in • Oats is said to be unprecedented.
The San Francisco market continues dull. ¦,
- Grays, , $1 30@l 40; whites; $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise. $l'40@l 45; black, $1 12«i@l 32yi; red.
$1 30@l-42%;per.ctr. .
CORN — Is dull and unchanged. .: ."v. L .„
•Large Yellow,: $1:3?@1 45; small round do.
$1 35<gl 47%; ; white. $1 40@l 60-per ctl.
RYE— 02J/j@05c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
Ctl. ¦¦.'¦:.- ..:.¦.. . ¦ . . . , , ¦ . .
8%c for bleached. Clusters — imperials. $3; De
hesa, $2 50: -Fancy. - $1 60; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35. . - ,..-¦' ¦-¦¦--
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. ll%c; No.
2, 6%@7ftc; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No, 2. 7c:
Almonds, 10%@12c for. papershell. 9®10c for
softshell and 6@7c for hardshell ;, Peanuts. 5@7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12®12#c; Filberts,
12«?l2V.c: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3 5005.
. HONEY — Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
f6r light . amber; water -white extracted, 6®
6%c; light amber extracted. 4@4&c;' dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@20c per lb.
Diego County the honey yield will probably be
the heaviest for years." • ¦ -'
'¦-¦¦ FRUITS — Apricots. 9@10c for Royals and
10@13c for, standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples,. 8@9c: sun dried. 5c;
Peaches, t>l4@8V4c: Pears, 6@9c; Plums, pitted,
5@«c;-unpltted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and ¦ 5Vi@6c for. white; flgs, 4*4c . for
black and 5%@8c for white. . •
PPUNES— 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 6^©6»4c: 40-50" s, 5@5&c; 50-60's. 4%
@4%c; 60-70" s; 4©4Uc; 70-80"s. 3Vi@3%c; 80-
OO's, 3@3%c; go-loo's, 2ft@2?4c per lb.
¦RAISINS — Seeded. 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6*4
@7%c; Loose Muscatels, 6%c for 4-crown- and
6 %c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5%c:
Seedless Sultanas. 5%c for unbleached and 7@
Street^" ¦
$24,000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s . 112 25
$5,000 Sacramento Elec Gaa & Ry 5s. .102 50
$3,000 S P Branch Ry 6a ..........139 25
$3,000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage) 102 00
Afternoon Session.
Board! — ¦•;-.. ¦
. 40 Alaska Packers' Assn 162 00
50 Equitable Gas, b 3.. 3 37ft
10 Giant Powder Con 79 00 ,
50 Honokaa S Co 10 62ft
35 Hutchinson S P Co .11 62ft
60 Hutchinson S P Co U 75
$3000 Sacramento Elec Gaa & Ry 5a. ..102 50
$1000 S P Branch Ry 6s 139 25
$9000 Bay Counties Power Co 5a. '. 107 75
Street—
'5 Hutchinson S P Co 11 50
$5000 Northern Ry of Cal 6a 112 25
NRofC 6S.112& — 5 P of C 1st
Do Ca ....121 122 c gntd 3s.'. 120 —
N Pac C 5s. 109 & 110% Do stmpd.111% —
N R Cal 5s. U4ft — 5P Br Cal<5s.lH8 —
Oak Gas 63. — 114 5 V Wat 6s. Ill ( lll f /»
Oak Trn 6s. 124 — Do 4s 2dm. 103 fc —
Do 1st c5s.ll4 115Vi Do 4s 3dm. — 102
Oak W G Ss.103 — 5tkn G&E6S.103 104
, WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77% 78&|Port Costa.. 63*4 jW
Uarin Co CO — Uprlng \al.. 92}, 9_}j
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — Pac Light... 43 —
Eqt G L Co. 3*4 3Vi Sac E G&R. 30 o5 .
Mutual — 4% S F G & E-. «V? r 4-5 1 4
O G I* & H. 57% 53^ S F G L Co. 5*» «
Pac G Imp.. 37% 38Vi Stktn G & E. 8 —
Amer B & T.10O — First Natlonl — ' —
Anglo-Cal .. — 91 L P & A... .16ff 1.0
California :.422 427 Mer Ex.(liq) 1?% —
Cal Safe Dp.ll9V 2 121»A S F Natlonl.UO — -
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...2000 — Sav & Loan. — 05
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav. — o40
Mutual Sav. 80 87% Union Trst.1325 —
S F Sav U..525 —
¦ • STREET RAILROADS.
California ,.167%175 IMarkrt 100 — .
Geary — 60 IPresidio .... 35 —
POWDER.
Giant 70 79^4/Vigorit ..... 3 3*
/ SUGAR.
Hana ....... 3% — Kilauea .... — 9*i
Hawaiian ... 33 Makaweli ... S3 C5
Honokaa v. . lOTs — Onomea .... 24*4 —
Hutchinson . 11% 12 Paauhau .... ll*i —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.162 — Pac A FA.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.103 104. Pac C Borax.165 —
Cal Wine As.100%101 Par Paint... 19 —
Oceanic S Co — 35
Morning Session.
¦' \V-W Board! — ''^1'L
25 Equitable Gas 325
70 Hutchinson S P Co 11 50
50 Pacific Gaa Imp . 37 75
-60 S V Water. ....92 25
10 8 V Water* ca»n »2 25
$5000 S V 6a.... '. Ill 00
$3000 S V 4s (3d Mortgage) 102 00
$5000 Los Angeles Ry Ss 113 87ft
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 17, 1902.
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
8
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Aurll 1C. — The Mock market
reverted to a . more i normal condition to-day
after yesterday' * extraordinary movement In
Southern Hallway. The transaction* in .that
•tock, although scarcely more than a'quarter
of those of yesterday, etill overshadowed the
market and were on a pcale beyond precedent,
¦with a very few exceptions. Heavy pront-tak-Mrs. Baker Will Recover.
';.'. LOS ANGEDES, 'i April .'16.-^The J will : of
the latei 'Colonel j Blanton Duncan was to
day • filed I for 1: probate/ v The property^" of
ttie i decedent^ is ; valued , at ' $33,000. ; • It • con
sists : largely,- of ¦' land ' near and
Redlandq s- and personal ; effects. No less
than sixty-eight legatees >.are« named Mn
the '. will,* many b of f them persons of na
tional "reputation.. In .addition 'to -his
daughter," Catharine B..Lewls,Uhe follow
ing are : among.; the legatees: Gerald Mc-
Pherson. M.) T. Allen; D. K.- Trask. David
Aliens Joseph Blackburn, of Kentucky, J.
Marlon Brooks of Los'Ansreles, J. W. An
derson and 'Ah Sam,' a: Chinese. - .
Colonel Blanton, Duncan's Will.
¦ Sixth race. ¦ five and ¦ a half Xurlonars^Toah
won. -Sever second... Admonition third. ¦ Time
1:08.- ' ¦ '¦ ' ¦'¦, ¦•<•-¦ ' "¦¦: -.,¦:;¦:. -
- Fifth! race, steeplechase,- about - one . and ' a
quarter miles— Maze won, Precursor .eecond
Golden-Link third. 'Time, 2:51%. : ¦ „. ,-..'.
'-¦¦ Third". race,' r flve ; furlongs — Gallantrie • Won
The Klval second. : Cadet third. ¦ Time,' 1 :029i
• ' Fourth race, ;• Cordova Hotel . handicap, . one
and ! an eighth miles — Silurian won. Barouche
second,. Vulcain third. Time, 1:65. «r
¦ Second • race, four furlongs, selling — Maverick
•won, Dross second. Step Around 'third. Time
0:49. , ' ¦ - - ¦ ¦¦ ; - ..-.'.,
First .'race, four and a half furlongs — Sarah
Maxim won, Andrew Ring second, Lyman Hay
third.- Time, 0:57%. • . . ' ., ' '
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Siphon won,
Teucer second, Mias Liza third.^ Time, 1:43 1-5.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., April 16.— Montgomery
Park results :
Fifth race, • one mile and j a sixteenth— Red
Apple • won,' Donator, second, Lavator third.'
Time,' 1 :49 2-5. / . > * :
4 Second race, four furlongs — Our Bessie won.
Belle -Graham, second, . Josette third. Time,
0:49 2-5. ; : ' , - . '.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Scorpio
won. Gusto second, Pomplno < third..' Time,
1:083-6. ' ¦-:, - *.v"l " ' V' ;
• Fourth race, six furlongs— Otis won. Hood
wink second, Owenton third. '..Time, '1:14 4-5.V
First race, five and a half furlongs — Haidee
won. Ida V. second. Rival Dare third. Time,
1:00. -- ~ • ¦ ¦¦•". ¦-¦ •¦'•-' ¦ ¦ • - * . 1 ¦•¦.¦.¦ ,
CHICAGO, April , 16. — Lakeside results
Racing at Lakeside and Memphis.
¦"They obtained money, from .me as they
needed it,'', Epplnger Btated,, "but ¦* when
I was about to return . to ' San Francisco
Dunne and Ryley Informed me they would
not return my money.* but would give me
a bill of .sale in payment." ' They did so,
but I, have received no> proceeds." .
, Epplnger, Is- in the grain commission
business in San Francisco. He met Dunne
and Ryley In. California < some years ag-o.
In an affldavitihe say» that In New York
In 1900 : Dunne and Ryley called and told
him 'that -.they;, thought -'they had a great
thing/ iji ;VFlorodora." which they had
bought in' London.: Fischerhad "a one
half interest.'/' - ¦ ". :?
H NEW, : YORK, ' April .16.— Joseph L. :Ep
plnger,' who advanced money to the. man
agers of "Florodora 1 ! before' It made; a
phenomenal financial success, 'has now
brought' suit to obtain a half-interest In
the production. . He has - begun an action
against Thomas: Ryiey," . John Dunne and
John , C. '. Fischer, asking. for the.appoint
ment -of . a receiver* to, continue the- pro
duction, and for an accounting of profit.
San Franciscan Sues to Obtain a Half
•¦/Interest in the Pro-
V .'¦.:•.".".¦ ¦¦';'/:-: ductlonV
JOSEPH EPPINGER WANTS
SOME "FLORODOBA" COIN
- The promoters of the : enterprise,, which
is undertaken as a business and a money
making .' venture, .'. are ".« John - H.".. McGraw,
former - Governor -of -this -State: • United
States Senator George Turner, George W.
Dickinson,- Charles 'F.'Feck; J. I W. God
win,- John E. Pallaine,: Captain. E.JE."
Caine, Charles LC< Denny : and C. M. An
derson. ; AU.'K. except Turner; and Peck,
whose homes ar-e ; in Spokane and .; Omaha,
respectively, are residents of Seattle.;.
; They have incorporated>as the Alaskan
Central Railway,: the articles having, been
filed. to-day at- Olympla, following. the ap
proval of the preliminary, survey as shown
by field .notes 1 submitted ' to ¦; the'. Secretary
of ; the - Interior ¦¦ at "Washington. -• iThe •, sur
vey was made In 1887-88 by Anderson, whor
is designated' as the chief enirtneer of s the
road.:\: ¦-.-•--.;.¦:• ''¦ .'_ '¦'".'"¦ : ; -- ,'•:., ' •'
' SEATTLE, "April I6.r-Meri prominent in
the . business and v political ; affairs * of 4 this
city •. and ; State have" announced their In
tention I to construct ¦- a railroad' through
Central Alaska. It ; Is proposed , to build
the .line . from a: point ¦ on;' Resurrection
Bay, ' by ; the ' most • feasible and . shortest
route : possible, . 'to .Rampart. City,^ on .the
Yukon, i The -length of the proposed road
is 574 -miles. ;::<¦'¦- ; '.'-V\ ; ; \- r-' : - ¦¦¦- ¦ i
RAILWAY TOBE BUILT
THBOUGH 1 CENTBAL ALASKA
Prominent Men of the State of Wash
ington at the Back of the
.Project.,
9 San •/ Francisco No.v 4, Golden Gate No: 8,
Harmony i No. 9, Yerba'Buena No.- 14,-Bomal
No.. 10. Unity No. 27. " Valley No. 30. Spar
tan , No. 30; . Magnolia No. v; 41, Myrtle : No. . 42,
Franklin No.- 44. Hercules No. 63. i Washington
'No. 60, -Burns : No.- •" 68, . Sts. - ,; John
No. 73, - Excelsior ¦ No. 120, * Olympic
No. 127, Fidelity No. 136, Bay ;' .. View
No. 159, Memorial No. 174. Friendship No. 179.
Triumph '. No ' 180, Noe Valley- No. 185, Alta
No., 242,; Falrmount No. 247. Eureka Valley
No. 262. Golden West ¦ No. 2«4, Crocker No.
302. Prosperity No.: «03. Liberty No. 344.-Su
perior No. -301;- Central Lodge, Pacific Lodge
and Oak Leaf Lodge of Oakland. , t . . .
• The majority of the 800, members In line
wore the badges of the order/while sev
eral of:, the lodges displayed banners and
American r, flags. .The ; procession ' moved
along Bush: street- to Kearny, ,to Market,
to Fifth.rto Metropolitan Hall, whe^re the
members of the order were seated on the
orchestra ; floor as far as seats permitted,
and .the overflow ' went ¦ to ~~ the <- balcony.
The -interior of the hall, was .tastefully
decorated with the. colors and emblems of
the order.Xwhlleon the stage was a pro
fusion of beautiful flowers ¦ and ferns. The
stage , was : occupied 'by ,WV H. Jordan, G.'
8. M. ' .W., chairman f of ' the . evening; Su
preme: Master 'Harwlck' and his traveling
companion,. Dr.v,Brlggs ; v Grand ¦>' Master
Freeman, Grand Overseer Dunton, Grand
Recorder Spencer, Grand: Receiver Booth,
Past* Grand rMasterslBarnes and Hirsh
berg, H. Reed," the "guard- 1 of honor and
the, grand marshal.. "As the supreme mas
ter was entering the hall the band played
"Hail to the Chief."-; • . -v ; ; •, .... .-.¦;¦
Chairman? Jordan made a short address
of welcome,.; and .the -California Quartet
rendered' several' vocal Selections, v = ;
- Grand r, Master* Freeman then spoke on
the extension; work that is beinsr done in
the .order . at < this time, ¦ and declared' that
it is his ambition; to secure 5000 new mem
bers during the next twelve: months "> ¦¦. . •
• • Supreme -Master Harwick t followed I in a
lengthy, address, . in which he : compliment
ed the ; members, of ' t the order on the sen-'
thusiasm :, displayed.? ; He i: urged ; them ;* to"
help . the'; grand master..; in. securing r new
members, and gave some instructing facts
and figures.'-^-: M* .s -., V;',' ... > ¦.:. 'V:.-.-:
i'< Samuel -Booth and f the 'quartet sang A
O.^U.' ;; W. . songs,, afterj'which Dr. -.Brlggs
had a few; kind words'- to.' say about Cali
fornia' hospitality arid the" grand reception*
given him and the supreme master by the
Workmen'of this city, <j He also gave some
.viluableladviceand suggestions as; to the
preventions of-' scommunlcable •.'¦: disease
which' may find, Its way into, the homes of
members of the order." . ; \ •¦;_*. : .. •>.
3' Josie Butler,. of <the '¦' Degree : of ."¦ Honor
gave, a comic > recitation,"', the grand over-
Beer.igaVera-flve-minute speech and "¦ was
followed 'by; Past 'Grand ; Master, Barries
• All.of ithe: speakers were enthusiastical
ly^ received." :¦ ¦ - • • • ' ' ' " . " . " .
The members of the local lodges of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen formed
in . line on Bush street; between Sansome
and Montgomery 'streets,: last night to es
cort ¦ Supreme i Master Workman A. C.
Harwlck and Dr. Briggs, grant! medical
examiner of -the_ order ill New York, '-, to
Metropolitan Hall, where they were ten
dered a receptloni | The procession, urt-.
der i the \ rharshalshlp of Past . Master Er
nest C. Stock : of . Franklin « Lodge,^ with
John T. Kidd, H. J. Trowbridge and C. 8.
Curtis as aids, was preceded by a band,
after which came the Past Masters' Asso
ciation, R. H. McPherson president.* The
grand officers and members of the Degree
of Honor, Supreme Master Harwlck; Dr.
Briggs, the , past supreme master work
man and Grand Master Workman E." A;
Freeman followed In carriages/ with eight
members s of Crocker Lodge' In' military
uniform and , eight members \ of • the Past
Masters' Association flanking as a guard
of \ honor. After these came the lodges,
in the following order:
: RENO, Nev., April 16.— Dr. M. • J. White
of the United States .Marine '.'. :, Hospital
Service to-day- held a post-mortem oh the
body of George- C. Charlott, who .died on
the Southern Pacific eastbound. strain < on
Sunday between here and: Truckee.': Dr."
White eays that death did not occur from
bubonic plrfgue. The examination showed
that Charlott had chronic Brlght's ¦ dis
ease. ' • ¦ -¦"': ¦ .-V ,.' •' -:-;•
Not a Victim of Plague.
'.SAN JOSE, April 16.— The -vestry . of
Trinity Episcopal Church has 'asked its
pastor, Rev. C. H. Mockridge, » f or his
resignation. They profess '¦'¦ admiration
for his character and ability and < base
their request - on ; the ground of - harmony
and expediency.' They offer, to reimburse
him for. financial loss . in coming, a year
ago, from Watertown, N. -3f., • to accept
this parish. Dr. Mockridge' declines , to
discuss the subject. ,--<v
Asks for Pastor's Resignation.
SACRAMENTO, April 16.— Acting under
a written opinion by Attorney > General
Ford, the salary | for State Building- and
Loan Commissioner will be paid • to
Charles M. Shortridge by State Controller
Colgan until otherwise ordered by the Su
preme Court, notwithstanding the deci
sion by Judge. Seawell' of San Francisco
that E. D. McCabe is. entitled; to draw
the salary for four years, from the 4ime
of his appointment. Shortridge was ap
pointed by Governor Gage, .while McCabe
was an appointee of ex-Governor Budd. -
Shortridge Gets the Salary.
' KESWICK. April 16.— The fire In the
Iron Mountain mine Is spreading. The
miners were yesterday driven from the
new copper level, which' has been a lead
ing source of ore supply, and the tunnel
has been closed. .This is the second Im
portant level that. has been-closed within
a month. It is not timber that is burning,
but the great bodies of sulphide ore.
Water cannot reach it, and it is believed
that the fire will burn for years. The
best that can be .done is to hold the fire
within its present bounds and tap the
mountain of ore from new directions.
This has been done.
Iron Mountain Mine Fire Spreading.
This led to a careful . examination by
City Health Officer Schug, who ascer
tained that the cause of death was
ptomaine poisoning. When Schug was
called he found the family of fourteen
living in- four rooms and in very needy
circumstances. Baudrau was formerly
engaged in the East as a railroad section
employe. '-.'":•--.
TACOMA, April 16.— Four children of
Albert. Baudrau have,died within forty
eight hours of ptomaine poisoning. Bau
drau and his family, consisting of five
adults and nine children, arrived • from
the East a few days ago. On the train
coming West they ate some canned
salmon and shrimp. , A' few hours after
ward and just before arriving at Tacoma
one of thme ! fell in a faint. \ On
reaching Tacoma the entire family was
taken sick and a physician was called,
who treated them with preventive against
diphtheria. On' Monday night the 3-year
old son died. Last night three other chil
dren, aged 6. years, S years and 9 months,
died under similar circumstances. -
Entire Family Affected by " Eating
Canned Salmon and
Shrimps.
FOTJR CHILDREN SUCCUMB
TO PTOMAINE POISONING
Members of O^der Tender
Grand Reception : to
A. C.Harwick.
The -matter, was presented to the Presi
dent. In such a manner" that: hesaw at
once ¦ it would not be proper . nor' fair to
relieve Conger against his will. And while
the President did not promise in so many
words there . Is . every reason * for -saying
that Conger .will not be relieved from the
diplomatic service, but will be transferred
to another desirable post.. -.".- .
Senators ,Allls6n * and , Dolliver " had a
brief conference with the President, when
he , was informed plainly- that it .would
be unjust to remove Conger.vwho hadper
formed- such .excellent ¦ services- for- his
country at the Chinese capital during the
trying: days of the Boxer uprising.: . •
• To remove Conger, - it - was said," would
beto humiliate before the whole- world a
man who deserves the gratitude and sup
port »¦ Of his countrymen for the strong
stand he took, when *a less resolute:atti
tude >' would ' : have - been disastrous and
probably, would have, cost American- lives.
. CALL BUREAU,' 1406. G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON; April 16.— Edwin H.
Conger, United, States -"Minister; to" China,
Will not; be' recalled -from '.Peking- by Pres
ident Roosevelt to make' room for William
Woodvllle' Rockhni,-; director.;' Of : the Bu
reau of American Republics, but .will be
transferred . to another -diplomatic post
equally, as: Important as. the Chinese mis
sion. •:¦•"--.•'."":¦"; ."¦.". ;¦.- ¦;-• - ¦:¦-•,•.-..., -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Paache, the National Liberal leader,
also said he regarded further discussion
to be useless if the Centrists adhered to
the impossible Increases. < . -
Herr/ Helm, the Centrist leader, who
was largely instrumental in inserting the
minimum scale of .duties on animals and
meats, declared it useless to continue the
discussion unless the -Government accept
ed the amendments. <
At this stage of the deliberations Herr
Bebel, the . Socialist leader, inquired why
it was', necessary to further discuss • the
bill if the majority was unable to come
to an agreement with tho Government.
He said it would be better to cease wast
ing time, and that the business interests
of the. country demanded a speedy clear
ing up' of the matter. . ¦
. Count von PosadowsKy-Wehner said in
defense of the Ministry that the Govern
ment could only depend upon technical
advice; that- American views could not
be considered and that the interests of do
mestic meat producers could not. be re
garded as the deciding voice In the mat
ter. He said the Government was sup
ported unanimously by the Imperial
Health Office and the Health Council,
whose opinions . must be respected. Of
course, said the Secretary of . State for
the Interior.^ the entire Council has not
been consulted, but the advice ' of ; that
division of the Council. having the super
vision of such questions as the above has
been taken. The foregoing remarks were
an outgrowth of -the discussion of-the
meat duties. After the adoption of the
agrarian Increases Count von Posadow-
Bky-Wehner again plainly said that the
meat and cattle amendments were abso
lutely unacceptable to the Government; >
BERLIN, April 16.— In the Reichstag to
day Herr Antrlck, Socialist, alluded to the
prohibition of meats prepared with bora
clc acid before the tariff committee as a
piece of governmental hypocrisy, and
said the Americans were right in pro
nouncing it a hygienic humbug. He cited
the opinion of a German chemical society
to the effect that this prohibition was un
justifiable. Herr Antrick . concluded by
saying: "Such measures can only lead
to a tariff war."
DUBLIN, April . 15.— Three sections of
the crimes act have, been put in force in
a large number of the districts in Ireland
by a proclamation" issued to-night by -Earl
Cadogan, the Lord Lieutenant of Ireland.
These sections provide for summary Juris
diction in cases of criminal conspiracy,
intimidation and unlawful assembly, for
trial by special jury and. for change of
venue at the option of the crown.:.
Crimes "Act . Sections Revived.
STOCKTON, April 16.— At Oakdale yes
terday | Deputy Sheriff Black had a hard
fight with a Chinese known as Ah Sing.
The . Chinese was wanted here for the
theft of some silverware. . He was found
in Oakdale. and, armed with a warrant,
the officer went to arrest him. Ah Sins
reached for "a "revolver he had in his hip
pocket/ Black swung his right flat to tho
Oriental's Jaw, : putting him out, but
breaking the . bones in the officer's hand.
Ah Sing was lodged in the Oakdale Jail
last night and brought to this city to-day.
He was In fighting mood all the way and
had to be heavily ironed.
Chinese Resists Arrest.
Palma said that' the United States dol
lar would be the standard In. Cuba, but
that the currency and other questions
were matters that • required mature de
liberation and need not be immediately
legislated upon.
First, all possible measures calculated
to unl.te the various political factions of
Cuba so that all elements will work ¦ to
gether hv the -interest of .the new Gov
ernment;'second, the development of the
natural resources of the - country, ¦ with
reciprocal tariff relations with the United
States; third, the maintenance of tha
most friendly relations wjth tho .United
States Government. -
His first important acts as the President
of the new republic, he announced to
day, will be the formation of a Cabinet
and the dispatch of a message to the Cu
ban Congress. He already has. settled
upon several persons to whom he will
tender Cabinet portfolios, but he' refused,
to make his selections public, explaining
that he wanted to give the matter fuii
consideration after 'he reaches Cuba and
to announce the Cabinet simultaneously.
One appointment, he admitted, was prac
tically decided upon, viz., that of Gonzales
de Que^ada, who represented the Cubans
here during the period preceding tha
Spanish-American war. to be Cuban Min
ister to the United States. The first mes
sage of the head of the republic to the
Cuban Congress will be submitted imme
diately after he assumes office. Its mala
features will be recommendations along
the following lines:
WASHINGTON. April 16.—President
elect Palma of the new Cuban republic
passed through here .this/ afternoon en
route to Cuba: ' He will visit a number of
Cuban . and towns, going first to
Jibara, thence to Holguin and his native
home, Bayamo. - From there the Presi
dent-elect will proceed to Manzanillo and
Santiago, and go to Havana about May 9.
President-Elect of " Cuba Passes
\ Through Washington onWay
_ to the j. Republic. '
lORMATION OF CABINET
PALMA'S FIRST WORK
President '¦; May "Transfer
but Not /Remove
; : tne^Mmister.' > : -
German Legisl ator Ap
preves Term "Hygie
nic j Humbug."
WORKMEN HONOR
SUPREME MASTER
STOCKTON, April' 16.— Amador' County
officers. are hot on the .trail, of the ; Jack
son robber. It is now certain that young
Picardo wounded the robber .when he shot
at him and the fugitive's capture is hour
ly expected. " The duster, s the belt and the
second revolver worn by the robber have
been found on , the % Jackson ; Gate road,
near an old smelter. The articles were
covered with blood and the duster-dis
played many shot holes in proof | of the
good marksmanship - of the young man.
The garment gave evidence that the rob
ber was badly wounded in the -left arm
and that he carried away many buckshot
in his body. (. i ,. : , .- .. ':•-'.- '. .¦ .. "
Discarded by .the Jackson
Highwayman.
Officers Find Bloodstained Garments
CLOSE ON THE TRAIL ' ;
OF WOUNDED ROBBER
REDDING, April 16.— R. S. Huntington,
a young man of Keswick, has been
brought to town to receive treatment for
a broken leg. In connection with the In
jury he tells a .remarkable story. While
hunting in the vicinity of McCloud River
he attempted to descend the precipitous
walls of a canyon, but lost his footing
and rolled down the rocky decline. . His
right leg was broken.
Huntington was in an almost inaccessi
ble canyon, four miles from a human hab
itation. He cut some small limbs from.
shrubbery and with the assistance of a
leather belt bound the broken limb to
gether. By heroic effort, half crawling,
half dragging himself, he managed to get
out of the canyon to a place where as
cistance was obtained.
able Pluck and For
titude. --'
Keswick Hunter Displays Remark-
CRAWLS OVER A ROUGH
TBAIL WITH BROKEN LEG
Army orders announce that First Ueu
tenant Otto B. Grimm, signal corps, now
at San Francisco, will go to the Philip
pines May L Major Henrj; S. Tirrell, sur
geon, on his arrival at San Francisco will
proceed to Omaha, Nebr., for duty. Lieu
tenant Charles L. Heizmann, deputy sur
geon general, is relieved from duty in the
Philippines and will proceed to San Fran
cisco for further orders.
Navy orders announce that Lieutenant
W. Truxtun is detached from" the naval
hospital. Mare Island. California, ordered
home and granted three months' sick
leave. -
Washington: Original— William T. Ze
nor, Orting, $6; Benjamin Scheitz, Seattle,
$6. Increase— Benjamin Anderson, Port
Angeles, $14; Isaac Farnsworth, Castle
Rock. $».
Oregon: Increase— Russell B. Still well.
Fossil, $10; William R, "White, Junction
City. $10. Widow— Amy B. Stark. Al
banv, -$S.
These pensions were granted: 'Califor
nia: Original— William H.'Bishop,Wheat
land, 510; George L. Stearns, Garvanxa.
J6. Increase — John Watson, San ! Fran
cisco, »; Thomas Stafford, Soldiers'
Home, Los %12; Abel A; With
row, Santa Clara, $10; Edward Mangan,
Los Angeles, $&. Widows — Eleanor Clover,
Veatura, $8; Annette Manuel, Tulare, $8;
Maria Peck, San Diego. $8.
WASHINGTON. April 16.— The Postof
fiee Department to-day announced: Win
ter postoffice at Raymond Station, Pasa
dena, Los Angeles County, CaL, will close
May L Postmaster commissioned: Ore
gon—MIlo J. Skinner, Coburg. Appoint
ed: California— Manuel Sotb, Freeport,
Sacramento County, vice O. L. Helser,
resigned. Washington— J. L McCloud,
York, Snohomish County, vice S. A.
York, resigned.
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE •
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
. NEW YORK, April > 16.-It was an
nounced to-day in Wall street that J. P.
Morgan •'&.-- Co. and Baring, Magoun &
Co.* of New York.Drexel &.Co. of Phila
delphia and Kldder," ¦ Peabody '& Co of
Boston had been authorized to forward
applications for allotments - to the issue
pi ¦ £32,000,000 British, consols.- of which
£16,000,000 have already, been placed. The
price of issue was fixed : by the British
Treasury 'at 93%.' ¦•; \
Official confirmation of the above was
forthcoming ( this afternoon ¦ by - the I Bank
of England giving notice that half of the
loan had been privately subscribed for
and . offering the other ¦ half for public
subscription at - 93%, I with Interest at 2%
per cent. The subscription list will be
closed on or before April 21.
It .was said to-day, that J. Pierpont Mor
gan, the .Barings and the Rothschilds
have secured- an\aggrcgate of £16,000.000.
The remaining £16,000;000 .will be ' offered
to the public. , .- -'.
jj LONDON,.- April 1 16.— There : was a tre
mendous .rush to .subscribe to tha' new
loan of £32,000,000 to-day. ,- At' the Bank
of England it- was estimated this evening
that -the 'loan had been ten times over
subscribed; • The' lists Will probably close
to-morrow. '• . - - . . ¦
Mor gan, Barings and Rothschilds Se
cure an .Aggregate of Sixteen
Million Pounds.
LARGE BBITISH LOAN
; : : .-.' IS TAKEN UP KAPIDLY
>The,. questions. raised aV to the validity
of- residence property titles . in Sausalito
aB well as the assertions by the attorney
for theclty that certain surveyors' notes
had been withheld in the- trial caused
great uneasiness among , members of -the
Board of Trustees and the taxpayers in
general. . .
•The question, arose to-night over a re
cent decision' in the case of Caroline Har
rison vs. the city . of Sausalito, In .which
plaintiff -- sought to - quiet title ¦ to - certain
disputed- property on San Carlos avenue.
Judge Angellotti decided in favor of the
plaintiff. The . question • to-night was
whether an appeal : to the Supreme Court
should be taken.' Attorney ..Treat, for the
city, , asserted that the map . of Sausallto
was in error, and that if - Angellotti's de
cision were correct • many lots ! either . ex
tended into the street or else did not ex
tend far enough.. ', ... ¦¦ ¦ '•• . '¦ ,-
SAUSALITO, April -16.— The town of
Sausallto Is involved.' In a land squabble.
From : assertions made .to-night at the
meeting of the Common Council the town
map of Sausallto appears to be Incorrect
and 'certain 'property Owners on the prin
cipal stieets on the hill have their fences
from twenty to forty "feet out into the
street. '¦:-:¦ .-;--. "
SATJSAIilTO^S TOWN MAP :
SAI3> TO BE INACCTJBATE
Lot Owners Uneasy Over the Likeli
hood That Their Titles Are in .}
' -' .¦:..!..;,•:.¦ ;-. / Jeopardy.
CONGER'S HEAD
NOT IN PERIL
| SANTA BARBARA,^ April 16.— The
schooner Restless, - arriving to-day from
San Miguel Island! ¦ brings' news of the
wrecking : of , the sealing schooner Kate
and Annie in Cuylers harbor, on the island
of San-- Miguel, on 'April 9. ' The schooner
had put, into' the -harbor to escape a hard
northwest gale. The anchor chain parted
and the '..vessel- was driven -on the beach.
Captain Lutjens and- the crew of sixmen
reached shore v In ."safety. ' The Kate 'and
Annie filled, with sand and. was going. to
pieces when .the Restless sailed yesterday.
She /was a thirty-ton boat, -plying from
San .Francisco, and- owned', by Captain
Lutjens. * ; ¦.-",-
Schooner Kate and Annie Lost.
Lieutenant and Mrs. Mastoller left this
af tertioon i for San Francisco, where they
expect to remain a short time. .They will
then visit Bakersfield, Los Angeles and
seme of the pleasure resorts of Southern
California. They expect to make fan
Diegc their horn*. . .- i /~\' .
'.BENICIA, April 16.— A quiet weddln*
ceremony took place at noon to-day at
the residence of Mr. and Mrs. John Reed,
when their daughter. Miss Tillie M. Reed,
was. united in marriage to Lieutenant
Kenneth, C. Masteller of San Diego. Th«
ceremony was performed by the Rev.
Fathsr Netterville of Vallejo.
Loving hands had transformed Miss
Reeds,, home into a perfect bower or
beauty, the rooms being banked -with or
ange blossoms and white and pink roses.
The bride wore a dress of delicate green
jusl cloth, made over white silk and
trimmed in point lace. The material for
the dress was brought as a gift to his
sweetheart by Lieutenant Masteller upon
his return from the Philippines a.RW
months ago. .
After the ceremony a wedding break
fast was served. The table at which tho
young couple were seated was decorated
in the artillery color— red carnations.
Mids Tillie M. Reed was born and reared
In Benicla, and her charming personality
and pleasant manner have won her a host
of friends. Lieutenant Masteller, who be
longs to the artillery cotpa of the regular
army and is now stationed at Fort San
Diego, was stationed at Benicla Barracks
while a member of the Sixth Regiment,
California Volunteers, at the beginning of
the Spanish-American war, nearly four
years ago. Since then he has spent two
years as first lieutenant of Company I,
Fortieth Infantry Volunteers, in the Phil
ippines, during part of which time he had
command of the company. He came homo
shortly before the holidays, and for his
bravery and efiflcient service in the Phil
ippines was appointed to tho artillery
corps of the regular army. .
Kenneth C. Masteller of the
Artillery Corps.
Tillie M. Reed Becomes the Bride of
CHARMING BENICIA MISS
WEDS ABMY LIEUTENANT
SAYS AMERICANS
"HIT THE NAIL"
Committees were appointed to report on
the Eagles' Aerie at St. Paul.' June 3-8,
but it Is improbable that they will make
their report at this meeting. Committees
were also appointed and instructed to re
port on the general assembly of the Pres
byterian church in Los Angeles, May 19-'
23, and the Druggists' Association meet
ing in Monterey in October of this year
J The clergyj-ate remains undisturbed at
half rate. The association expects to fin
ish Its. work to-morrow evening. Its next
yssfStSzyss^. . be - held in - Gien -
A -T-T--T-' T T T--T--T T Tn«..f..T..t t t t t • t t t' t _
HOTEL DEL CORONADO, April i 16.—
The members of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association were hard at work
from early this morning, until late in the
afternoon.-. During the sessions business
of great importance was transacted. ; For
several hours the j interchangeable 1 mile
age ticket was discussed. The new method
met with no opposition and wnl 1 be adopt
ed \ at^ the morning session -to-morrow.
This new ticket will be good for 3000 miles
and will be recognized by all roads west
of Denver. The ticket will i be sold to
traveling men, ¦ commencing on Junel,
and its advent will be hailed with delight.
What promises to create a sensation in
the Western railroad -world is the fact
that within a few months the Great
Northern, the Northern Pacific and the
Canadian Pacific will become members of
the Transcontinental Association. Thesa
roads are at present out of the pool, but
from 'an authentic source-it is given out
that they , are already moving to Join
the association. The Northern roads in
the past, though not members of the pool,
have worked. in harmony with the asso
ciation and it is said that their applica
tion' for membership is being discussed.
Representatives from, their passenger de
partments are here, and, though. not al
lowed to vote, attend all of the sessions.
The Southeastern roads have sent in a
big protest at the present division of cir
cuit rates. They claim they have not re
ceived a fair percentage of - the money
paid by passengers for tickets. They ac
cordingly filed . a protest with the asso
ciation and a committee has studied the
situation. To-day the committee reported
that it believed the Southeastern ( roads
were receiving a fair ah,are and recom
mendedithat no change should be made.'
The resort was adopted. A liberal - rate
was made for Elks Journeying from San
Francisco to Salt Lake to attend the an
nual conventions August. The fare from
San Francisco will be $31 50 for a first
class return ticket, good for ten days.
Tickets for this excursion will be on sale
on -August 9 and 10. The fare from -Los
Angeles will' be $41. ' *¦-." . ; . .- - .
Special Dispatch to The Call
¦'I he performance to-morrow night, Judg
ing from dress rehearsals, should be ex
tremely successful, and the sale of seats
at the university, and in Palo Alto, San
Jose, Berkeley and other places has been
so large that the great Assembly Hall
both to-morrow night and Saturday morn
ing undoubtedly will be crowded to the
doors. -At the University of California a
large number of the college members are
maKins a special study of "Antigone" In
»^ er ,V more thoroughly appreciate the
clmculty of the task and the excellence
of the performance on Saturday. Special
trains will be run from different points to
the university for Saturday's production
of the play, which is to commence in the
forenoon at 11 o'clock. After its close an
hour will be allowed for luncheon previ
ous to the opening of the annual track
meet between Stanford and California on
the campus oval. A combined concert
will be given In the evening by the Cali
fornia and Stanford musical clubs, at the
close of whiclra train will take the vis
itors to San Francisco. -"f.v!*
"Antigone," - the most popular of the
Greek tragedies, has been played' before
nearly all of the European courts. As
Greek drama was developed from songs
and dances in masquerade, the chorus is
an important and characteristic feature.
The cnorus in "Antigone" represents^ a
body of Theban elders who act as coun
selors of the King; their words and songs
hav^ direct connection with and explain
otherwise obscure parts of the play. Pro
fessor H. R. Fairclough of the department
of classical literature, who has been in
strumental in bringing about the produc
tion of "Antigone," takes the important
part of leader and" spokesman of' the
chorus. Dr. -A. T. Murray, professor of
Greek, will appear as the King, and Miss
Eunice Cooksey, a special student in
Greek, will play the title role. ..
The music iot the occasion will be sup
plied by a university orchestra of thirty
pieces, which has nad careful training
under the supervision of Professor Stew
art W. Young, who has resigned the lead
ership for the two : performances to Ar
thur L. Scott-BrooK, the university- or
ganist and trainer of the chorus. Both
tne acting and the supplementary chor
uses, forming a total ot fifty men, I have
been trained by Mr. Scott-Brook, and
their singing at the last dress rehearsal
has shown how thorough his work had
been. The music for the play, which was
written by Mendelssohn, is remarkably
beautiful, and the ability shown by stu
dents In mastering the Greek songs Is
praiseworthy. " •
Not mure, than a half dozen Greek
plays have ever been given in this coun
try, the , present enterprise coming Just
twenty-one years after the first, which
was tne rendition of Sophocles' "Oedipus
Tyrannus" at Harvard University in ls&l.
Une "Electra" has been played at Smith
College and "Antigone" nas been staged
both at Vassar and Swarthmore colleges,
but never betore has a Greek production
been prepared exclusively by college tal
ent, as tne Stanford pertormance will be.
.Every minute detail, of acting, costuming
and music is in the hands of members or
the university.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 16.—
During the ,past' four months nearly 100
of the students and faculty of Stanford
University have been engaged in the prep
aration of Sophocles* Greek tragedy,
"Antigone," the first performance - of
which will occur. in the Assembly Hall
to-morrow night and the' second t on Sat
urday morning before the intercollegiate
field day games. The aim of the Greek de
partment in giving a Greek tragedy' i3 in
keeping with j the tendency at Stanford
to encourage literary | and musical pro
ductions as exemplified by . the number of
high class concerts that have occurred
during the present. college year and- the
approaching production ol a Spanish play.
The idea in staging "Antigone" is purely
that of arousing and increasing the inter
est in classical studies on tnis coast.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
' ST. PETERSBURG, April 16.— An of
ficial dispatch received here from Port
Arthur, dated April 12. announces that
serious fighting has occurred in the vicin
ity of the boundary of the provinces of
Mukden and Kiram, Manchuria, between
Russian frontier guards and Chinese rob
bers, who had been raiding railroad sta
tions. The Russians surrounded SCO Chi
nese at Kangtungtal, and only . thirty of
them escaped. The Russian losses were
very small. -
The situation in the rebellious districts
of Southern China is increasing alarm
ingly. The Viceroy of Canton has tele
graphed to Peking urging the immediate
forwarding i of reinforcements. Lack of
hews I from General Ma and Marshal Su
ia taken to indicate that the rebels have
surrounded the imperial troops and cut
off communication with them.
HONGKONG, April 18.— A courier who
arrived at" Canton yesterday reported that
over 2000 imperialist soldiers sent by Mar
shal Su against the rebels were ambushed
in a narrow "defile and all were killed. -
..HAVANA, April, 16.— Pending a thor
ough investigation, of the -question "which
has; arisen between the military Govern
ment and : the Archbishop, of ; Havana
with - regard to the Tights of the church
to-, collect burial '-. fees for Interments - in
Cristobal Colon Cemetery, Governor Gen
eral Wood issued an order 'to-day rescind
ing the order recently given by the aqting
Secretary of. State, in which it was\ set
forth that parish priests had no right to
collect burial fees, and that ¦burial in the
cemetery : could ¦ not -be-refused upon the'
presentation of burial certificates signed
by the civil authorities. ¦ .
The dispute which has ."arisen at Ha
vahsi betwttn the civil and the church
authorities over the prohibition -by the
farmer j of church taxes on ' funerals a ii
Hot .-. yet been brought to. the attention of
the' War "-Department; "and nothing. ~>a
known of ;the merits . of the ' case by
Archi5Iship- Ireland. :- v ' ;
S .Monsighcr. Sbarretti favored.- a - settle
menl of the question at Manila, In which
case he would have been appointed Arch
bishop and would have undertaken ; tne
v-ork .himself in j behalf of , the- religious
orders." Tlie decision In favor of- Rome
\viil ir.vclvea change In his plans..
VT-The; Government here' has come to ac
cept the Ireland and CGormaiivlew as
the. most business-like proposition, and
that is why. Governor Taft will stop at
Rome on bis way back to Manila and en
den vor to arrange directly the basis for
an ' agreement for ; the transfer of the
lands w the Philippine Government in
trust, for the" Philippine people. : .
; WASHINGTON, April -16.— Archbishop
Ireland of St., Paul had a conference witn
Secretary; Root ¦ to-day following a. talk
he had had with the President respect
ing; the ; Philippine friars land ; question.
It was ' the; Idea" of ;Archbishpp Ireland
and 3ishop - O'Gorman ; to : have this com
plex -settled directly" at Rome
instead of f tbt ough .".' the Archbishop , of
Manila, who, they pointed out, would
have . been | obliged : to delay ] proceedln.?s
greatly ; by frequent reference of every
important rhas,e of the negotiations to
his superiors iu the Vatican. . ; ;. .
Strobel was not armed- and he hurflediy
left -.the room.' He went : to the -barroom
where \ he procured a- piBtol from the bar
tender. -Then he started .in search of " his?
man and found him IH the pantry, Just off
the hotel kitchen. Strobel says that Hen
derson made a motion as though to draw
his -;< revolver. ¦¦¦., The .constable - quickly
brought- out his .weapon and flred.^Hea
derson dropped' dead in hid tracks. . .
''•'Strobel.: is known , In, Kern City as a
fearless and efficient officer. : Henderson;
It is '; said, ' bore an unenviable reputation
and was known to have been mixed up in
affairs • regarded • as .'''shady.", v So .far' as
is, known, Henderson*. leaves 'no relatives
in Kern ; City. , .... . . •- '
>. Coroner Buckreris held an inquest this
evening. -The Jury exonerated StrobeL "
'.'Get out of this; house and stay out."
}> BAKEBSFJELrv • April A 16.— Fearing
that] he"' was. about; to .' murdered Ih' ¦' the
diechafge of I his j duty! '.Constable Q.' F-
Strobe) [ to-night Tshot and -killed rT.'F.
Hendefsnn; a porter . in the Cesmat Ho'teK
in Kern Clty v j Strobel "was ' placed j under
arrest, but j was released Jlater j by. Justice
of the Peace Marlon.^ -The;; JDody.- of his
victim . was ' removed j t6 .the \ Morgue/ ' .
1 1 Henderson - lost i his life j becauB.e I of his
determination' to escape arrest' on charge's
of . issuing '¦ fictitious 'checks. ¦ j He \ . was
wanted by j the I authorities both 1 ; in 1 1' this
city . and I Kern, having j drawn checks : on
the Bank ; of -;Kern, payable..; to . himself.
For .these- he., received leash .i from ''; mer
chants, -but : he had no funds . In the^ bank.
g ; Strobe! I placed Henderson j under "arrest
lat » s this afternoon/:; The porter, • on . the
pretext "of- wanting to" get his coat, went
with the officer ' to his room/; No sooner
had' he stepped inside than he picked up
a revolver, and, aiming it at Strobel, ex
claimed: r, ; •¦' •,•' :,'¦¦•¦"¦¦; .-.v- -;;¦. .' ;/ ".,: ;.i
Special , Dispatch to the t CalU
The story Thompson tells is more, than
ordinarily interesting as snowing, .the
limit of -endurance > in • case ' of •'life'- or
death; . ; Thompson .; started alone to pros
pect on one of the, side ; streams a • hun
ared miles up White River. C When three
days - out ,'f torn Dawson the; snow' was
drifted i so badly that . he could drag ., his
sled; no further. Starting back he. had
the- option of - carrying his bedding . or
fome provision, and r chose the latter.
Ho ¦: thought then that he could ./make
camp with two , forced marches and sleep
at a campflre. ": .,
On Jhe second -day's start- h6 had - to
lighten again. Dividing: his pack, he
took the wrong bundle, leaving all of his
matches behind. This vital mistake was
r.ot discovered until night. It was bitter
ly cold and the night was., too dark ; to
keep the trail. Realizing that he must
keep moving," Thompson broke a- path
around 7 a tree and walked it all night.
The next day he lost ; the trail soveral
times,. and from overexertion had -grown
so stupid that he ' could: not recognize
landmarks. He describes his" experience
in walking around a tree again that night
as awful torture. Several times he fell
asleep, being awakened by:' falling', into
the snow bank. Each time this; caused
an energetic : struggle, because he' 'was
tempted ' to stay down and continue | a
slumber that would have meant death.
Love of life gained the mastery , each
time, and he kept on moving. • V
On the following day Thompson's mind
was almost, a blank. He ate nothing but
a -few pancakes, which he had put into
his shirt to thaw. : Another terrible night
was. passed, .Thompson working sums in
mental . arithmetic, t reciting poetry rand
sticking pins into himself to keep awake.
This night .of agony ended, he soon
reached a camp of . ; . his friends and • fell
exhausted on entering their, cabin. : '¦
TACOMA, . - .April ¦ '-,- \ 16.--Af ter '¦(_ walking
three days j and nights ;'. without' .'cessation
Gus t Thompson stumbled : Into 1 ! a cabin r of
his friends near Dawson"' three weeks ago
and fell 1 ; asleep* .on- the ; floor.;; From.' his
exhausted and emaciated condition' they
knew v * that "he had : : been some
extraordinary ordeal. -He slept without
waking for , twenty-four ¦ hours, . during
which • they, . occasionally- lifted . him into
a sitting position and fed hint bean soup.
The next 'day, \Thompson- got up ; and
walked \ around I f or*. . two hours. Then ; " he
slept nearly . twenty-four i hours more
Special . Dispatch ' to The Call.
"It is well known that the Feather Riv
er is the largest tributary of the Sacra
mento, and only second to the Sacra
mento in the volume of its discharge,
while the greater portion of the flow of
the Feather comes from the watersheds
tributary to the reservoir sites purchased
by E. T. Karl and his associates. These
reservoirs when constructed will be with
out parallel in California, or anywhere in
the western half of the United States,
and will be so designed as to equalize the
flow of the stream available for power to
about 1500 cubic feet per second.. From
the main reservoir, In Big Meadows, it
is proposed to construct a canal to the
Butte Valley reservoir, about ten miles in
length, the water being delivered into
this reservoir, whence it will be carried
along the edge of the canyon of Feather
River by a series of tunnels for a dis
tance of five miles to Mosquito Creek.
There it will be given a vertical fall of
1600 feet, producing a total of about 270,000
horsepower." , ; . , :
"The watershed area tributary to these
reservoirs is about 600 square miles^ on
which the most prominent elevation is
Lawson's Peak, a region of perpetual
snow. The average rainfall of that re
gion for the last twenty years has been
about sixty-seven Inches, and for the
twenty years previous to that about sev
enty inches, with a range of from thirty
three Inches as a minimum to 103 inches
£.s a maximum.
"The location of this proposed scheme
is in Plumas County, from which point an
electric current can be transmitted to
San Francisco, a distance of 180 miles "
said Schuyler. "The water supply is to
be obtained from the north fork; of the
Feather River and impounded in two res
ervoirs of extraordinary size, ¦ one of
which will cover «000 acres and the other,
in Butte Valley, a few miles distant and
some 2aO feet lower, will cover about 20J0
acres. ¦ . .
James D. Schuyler, the hydraulic en
pineer, one of the organizers of the com
pany, presents certain interesting facts
in regard to the organization. He says
the amount of water which It is proposed
to utilize will be about 120,000 miner's
inches.
LOS AN'QELES. April 16— News from
Greenville of the organization of a syndi
cate for the operation of what appears to
he the largest electrical power develop
ment scheme yet undertaken or proposd
in Western America Is confirmed iri this
city, where many of the persons interest
ed reside.
Russians' Kill Nearly Eight
Hundred Railroad
.Raiders. .'
Archbishop Ireland's •; Sug
gestion Accepted by the ¦ ;
Government.
Will Power and Endurance
-J- Save Him From Being
Frozen. ¦
Liberal; Rate Is Made for the
Elks' Trip to Salt Lake ;;
i in August
Expect to Supply Unlimited
Electric Power to San.
Francisco.
Oulprit Makes a. VGun Play"
and His Lifa, Pays the » ¦
' V <: ° -'-- Forfeit T/' • ': '
OlasBic Presentation Entirely
in Charge of University
¦"¦¦¦ Talent ¦
Two Thousand Imperi
alist Soldiers Are
Slaughtered.
Kern -City Officer Ends
Career of a Petty
. j? prger. :
Lost ; Prospector Keeps
Moving for .Seventy-
; Two Hours, v
Sophocles' to
Be Staged at Stan
ford To-Night.
Friar >:. Lands: Question
Will Go Directly '.}:
to Rome;
Plumas Reservoir Pro
ject's Promoters Out
line Plans.
Passenger Agents Will
• Adopt Interchange
able ;.
REBELS AMBUSH
CHINA'S TROOPS
DEALING TD BE
WITH VATICAN
RESISTS ARREST
AND IS KILLED
MILEAGE GOOD
ON ALL ROADS
WALKING STAYS
SLEEP OF DEATH
GREEK ROLES
FOR STUDENTS
VAST WATERSHED
TO BE UTILIZED
THE SAN^. S
WOODLAND, April 16.— Rev. J: J. Mor
gan while "returning, from a /temperance
meeting ' at Capay " laBt ' night was • thrown
from hi« bicycle :and sustained* Injuries
tohis right side and , hip that will keep
him In bis .bed 7 for several months.
Falls From His : Bicycle
'- LOS ANGELES. -April 16.— "Indian 'Pete,"
¦whose . wife was found dead .' on : the railroad
tracks ;: near Alhambra two .' weeks ' ago, . has
been charged with 'her -murder.
• ¦ BERLIN, "April- lB.-^A.; banker ; named
Von j BadenLruns ; who Is ; on : triai at 'Old
enburg," I charged -.with 'irregularities": lri
connection : with the." Vereins Bank, enter
ed the residence to-day of th$' presiding
Judge, Herr Brecker, and shot, him dead
Accused.. Banker Kills a Judge.
TACOMA; April 16.— The '/steamer, Me
teor, from •; San 'Francisco, Mn making a
landing at Tacoma last night "struck I the
steamer . City of . Puebla astern, • smashing
her three decks, Injuring the saloon ; deck
and' breaking ¦ the steering gear. u All the
injury was . above the: water 'line. The
damage is estimated at $5000. ;The City of
Puebla will be much delayed. -
The City of Puebla. Damaged.
i< FANjRAFAELv- April ?. 16.— Judge Angei
lotti; has " granted ;, to 'Mrs." Emma Krause
a divorce from R.": Krause. on the ground
of , extremei cruelty. - -
Divorce of Mrs. Emma > Krause
'¦: LOS ANGJEi.ES. April -1&— Mrs. :Natalie
Baker, ".widow ¦ of E. ; Percival ,: Baker,': who
killed himself; In the St\ Lawrence ; House
yesterday ; by 'taking chloral,- Is ; doing", well
in ; the ' County Hospital and . her ; recovery
is now almost assured. -, When the woman;'
who likewise: had attempted 'suicide, was
found "lying :-,' unconscious by -the. side «• of
her» dead husband. i it .appeared, that -her
death^was only ;a question. of a'few,min
utes, - hut she ; was ¦ hurried to " the ; Receiv
ing .'Hospital -j and .there • heroic t measures
were : taken', to .'; revive ,' her. ¦ \ She ; has * not
been toldof, her husband's -suicide. ¦ . •
9
"In five week* I weighed 123 pounds, a l
gain of thirteen pounds, and I. feel so
strong that 1 have been able to do from
ten to fifteen hours of hard work daily.
My mind ha* never seemed no clear be-
tore. and I am thoroughly convinced that
there Is no food like Grape-Nuts to pro-
Cuce health and a strong and clear brain."
Lee Arlington. Box 1755, Iowa' City/ la.Y'
"It was about this time I came home
from school, broken down physically and*
dentally. I only weighed 120 pounds. At*
my earnest request, mother began serv- \
Ing Grape-Nuts every meal, and she said?
the had never eaten anything that agreed ;
wiih her physical condition as did my j
'new food,' as she termed it.
*"I had been suffering from a full feeling
after meals and generally - more or less
headache/ All trouble left me when I
quit using white bread, warm biscuits,
*tc. --•-.'
It is profitable for any one to study
food In order to regulate the health, not
with medicine, but by building up healthy
nerve centers with good food.
A man who has made something of a
study on this line writes from Iowa City:
"When I first tried Grape-Nuts It was at
the table of a prominent State official, and
the" remarkable taste attracted me. I aft-
erward investigated the subject carefully
and discovered that Grape-Nuts contains
dextrose eugar. The starchy part of the
food Is transformed into starch sugar or
dextrose. Those same results are; pro-
duced by the digestive organs by. the ac-
tion of Jbe eallva and the pancreatic
juices en starchy foods. These facts con-
vince me that Grape-Nuts is a natural,
predigt-sted food "and Just what I. re-
quired and needed. ' . • '
On Other Things Than Liquor.
EVER GET "FULL"?
GRAJPS-NUTS.
¦jl ;.¦-,' COFFEE^L
f. figpsuneV
"J iff You actually get the nutritious f&
V)j \\- Wi and health £ ivin £ properties of B
¦ •• ' • '-.'.'• ¦•" '/m M _^ the f ruits and ? rain m Vour morn- * B
~~j^^'-r+>- "¦ '""""^al }n £ rn'y nf Ficrrvm^ aM
\54yoVrUttWk Looks like coffee B
% GraiH^^ Tastes like coffee JM
'^^ \v ''s'^xim^''- ettcr than coffee - JmmTHE SAN ; FRANOISCO; CALL., THURSDAY; 1 7, 1902.
10
••' \ SPIRITUALISM.' . .' ; '... iX'ii
A^cC^rTSLLER/Vorid' s famous materlallx-
' Ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. FrC.. Sun.; 8 p. m. ; ROc. 1084 Bush st.
MRS.< J. J. WHITNEY., trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 116^ O'Farrell ;st: EUls car'--^
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
:-• Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.*
'.'. m.; 10c; . readings dally, 50c. • f y ' , : '¦ ¦ - • . ¦
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night, 605 McAllister; 10c;- come* skeptics.
CONSULT J. Keller, divine healer, 408 Golden
.Gate ave.; all diseases cured; hours 10-4. 7-9.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bud. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance, Sunday ; and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall,: S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
l-_ : _y .^ CLAIRVOYANTS. ¦'.¦ - /_ [ "¦}.
MME. E. BERNARD,' : " '
- --:• ..-. . . THE- FAMOUS.
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third' st,* next : Examiner .bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the. fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you. will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. -Tel. Black 4560:
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the. well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 M.ar-
ket 6t; cor. Golden Gate ave.,' rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
. anteed by mail;. send stamp' for pamphlet
with special terms. . Dally and Sunday. ~>
ISMAR, the Egyptian - Gypsy. - clairvoyant an,d
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-,
pnslte Sixth; private reading's daily, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to>12 a.-m.. .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant* card
reader*, born with double veil — second sight; ¦;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladies 50c, ;
'gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk..
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A EUls ; clairvoyant;
• crystal seer; reads your llfecorrectly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l: 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MRS. CARL STEPHANS, clairvoyant and card
reader. 104 Fell, near ; Van Ness; readings
dally 10 a.m. to 8. p.m.; ladles 50c; gents $1.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. • 5 Fourth st
A— Mrs. Melvlll, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
CARD reading and astrology, j 148 6th st. room
22. second floor; horoscopes cast by- mail. ,'.>-.>'.
CARD reading; ladles 10c; gentlemen 25c. 625
Minna st. : ¦ . .. .
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c. G. 50c. 521 % Eddy.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c; G. 60c.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st. nr. 4th.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co.— Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
lng.1213 Market, bet8th&9th;tel. Howard 2912.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3521.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr., 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.; J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero st. ; tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240,14th st; tel. Mission 74. '
FOR lowest prices in carpet-cleaning ring up
' PRICE & CO..- Howard 2475; office 15 Sth st.
~~~I j^^ Ey , TIS T s ' -— — -
A— DR/tTs. m^GINsVTzV'^rket'strEniml
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
• able prices: pure gold fillings, $1 60; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that - look natural
and euaranteed, $5. up. < ¦ ¦ t -.
Painless extraction. - . .
I do first-class work only and guarantee It
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, 1 plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-'
2 derful secret, painless. method, ',20 years'..ex-
- : ¦ perience ; no ¦ students ; advice free ; prices
• cheapest and guaranteed ; • lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W/ LEEK, '20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC,. 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done . pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, P. P. S.. Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.: crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
'plates, $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors^ 225 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. 6HEPARD. 14 Geary st— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 46. O'Farrell, late of C Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
BET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st." ¦• ' ""¦
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corset-making taught: patterns cut. 101» Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. . .'V^.^') ~i
HEALERS SCHobX OF^ELECTRICAl" ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion,- laboratory and -shop work; 'thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F:;'
catalogue free. . -
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
' — $8 per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
" tees a- complete bus. education; shorthand,
/ . typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
.spelling, Spanish, etc. ; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
•¦ S. F.— Thorough coursfes; .complete equipment;
; all subjects pertaining to mining and' mining
day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, ' an accredited - preparatory
school for the university, law. and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
. Stanford . prof essor. Phelan building, r ¦; ,->- :: '
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
; vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. ... Is this advice worth
following? '¦ Life scholarship $50; catalogue. '
FRENCH lady knowing, perfectly ¦ French ' lan-
guage gives lessons . at pronunciation and
-'writing to little boys and girls. 831 Sutter
st; WM. BERTH. ; / -. -. ..¦ -.->¦-¦¦'
ACTING, elocution, .-specialties; Hallet School,
associated ¦ with theatrical " agency securing
positions. Alcazar, building.- 120^O'Farrell sf
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
' vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1S64." :Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast ;
beginners .'and . college , graduates- perfected.
; TARR. expert ¦ accountant, , 219 • Parrott bldg. :
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all -graduates;
'¦¦ new 60-page catalogue free..- 305 Larkin. st.
ALL Gregg stenographers f secure positions; 34
good ' positions In March : rapid ' figures - a spe-
cialty.', S. F. Business .College, 1236, Market*
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; Individual in-
struction -/Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom. 1
SPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Fillppe'sAcademy
of Languages,320Post;estab'd 1871;ablest profa.
VIOLIN.- guitar,'- mandolin, banjo taught In
class, $1. mo. : ¦ 426 O' Farrell ; phone Pine : 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar,* writing,
¦ etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught -by mail . or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. ; 302 Montgomery st
'VIOLIN, mandolin: guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
¦ teacher. 1008 Mission : instruments , selected.
DANCING' quickly; taught: ¦ private or class.
.'BARKER'S Academy. 723 Market st :'" ; -
. ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— Night class. 424; Pine st.' '
H E A LD' S ' Business . College.' 24 Post st; S. F. ;
.-:. founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.":-
_ t y . ELEVATORS. / ¦
ELEVATORS inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.565 Mission; tel. John 3856.
;~2~t\ "l \ EMPLOYMENT: OFFICES. ?' ;
A— JAPANESE - reliable j house-cleaning, cooks
•nd waiters furnished at ' short ! notice. \? Geo.
Klroshlta, 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell 8501.
JAPANESE Intelligence -Office — Furnish- most
-reliable , help. . B24 Bush st;. tel.', push i 516. C^
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab." 20 years."
: ; T*l/ Main 1997. ¦ BRADLEY y CO.; 040 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office.' 415 Stock-
m ton ; tel. Grant 168 ; expert, .% reliable f help.': '^
J AFA NESE and Chinese • best ¦ help ; ' cook and
421 Post. GEO. AOKI: teL Bush 135.
: HEI,r : WAltTED— MA!,B—C»ii. -_-_~f
MURRAY & READY. .... ... .Phone Main 5843
• Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
.' - 634-636 Clay street. :
- . -Office open: at ,-7 a. m. .
- ¦'¦ ' For . Nevada. •
1000 R.' R. Men— Free Fare. n
500 teamsters .....Nevada.'... $2 to $2 50 day
150 laborers..:.... Nevada.... $2 to $*: 50 day
; 400 rockmen...... Nevada.. ".r..... $2 50 day
¦ Extra gang; steel gang; mason jj.nd carpenter
•helpers; 3 blacksmiths, camp.
All for Nevada— Free Fare.
. . Ship Night: and Morning.
' ¦- " • Mechanical' Help.
Painter, city job; - edgerman. for.a. smajl
: sawmill, fare $2, $50- and found; .black-
smith, camp. 75c fare. $65; blacksmith eaw-
; mill,- see boss here; 3 bricklayers, for a
large mining company; 4 brick setters.
¦ brick pitchers; gang edgerman, for sawmill,
eee boss here; wood turner, city mill, $¦*;«.-
cular sawyer, factory, ;' city.' ,*-" .
- .-. ¦' • Sawmills and Woods.
Ship To-Day. .„« A
2 camp waiters, sawmill company. $25 and
• found, cheap fares; 10 laborers for new saw-
mill, no experience required. $30 and- found;
r 15 men. to work in woods, handy with an ex.
$35 and found; 2 shingle packers. $35 and
found; shingle sawyer, see boss here; gang
edgerman, see ¦ boss here; circular sawyer,
'clty. : ¦ ''¦ • ' -'•• ¦'-•¦ .J--
"Mines and Quarries. > •¦-.
' 4 Italian quarry men, see boss here; furnace-
' man, $75; 4 miners, shaft work; 3 laborers
. for mine, $3Q and found. '
t -• "*¦.. .- . Miscellaneous, -r
-3 Portuguese milkers. $35; 5 2-horse scraper
teamsters, ranch, fare $1.25, $26 and found;
¦ :3 stablemen; 5 men. to work on hop ranch;
10 men for a large fruit ranch to make them-
selves useful, no .. experience required : &a
farmers for different Jobs, $26 to $35;
choremen. $15 to $30; 16 choreboys. $10 to $20
and found; 17 boys for other Jobs; far-
mer and wife, $35 and v found ; 67 milkers,
buttermakers and dairymen." $30 to $40 and
found; young man . to drive delivery wagon,
city, $35; young or old man to take care of
; butcher stable and assist in shop, fare 80c.
$25 and: found; choreman, private place, $25
and found; cheesemaker, see boss here, $o5
and found. '¦--¦•¦
¦ ' - , • Laborers. . ' •
• 10' laborers,' no experience - required, factory
near city; 5 boys for factory; 6 laborers for
quarry. $2; 2 laborers, factory, $1 75 day; 8
. laborers, city, $27 50. board and room.
¦ ¦ ''Hotel Department.'
Camp cook, near city, -$9 week; second cook,
R. It.' boarding-house; second cook, springs,
$40; second cocks, city and country hotels
and restaurants. $30 to $60 and found; cook
. for sawmill crew. Nevada, $40 and found; 27
¦waiters, city and country hotels and restau-
rant*, $25 to $45 and -found; dishwasher,
\ springs, $25 and found; 33 kitchen hands,
\ dishwashers, etc.; old man for . butcher shop
and care for team, $25 and found; second
cook, springs, $40; cook, near city. $15 week;
head waiter, country hotel, $35. .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO. 'S-. Phone Grant 183
.... WANTED FOR NEVADA
2000 teamsters, laborers. . ........ .$2 to $2 25
...... SHIP MORNING AND NIGHT . .....
60 tunnelmen. Chatsworth Park... $2 to $2 60
3/ blacksmiths .-.;. $3
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
C. R. HANSEN & CO... 429 Bush st
A HALL man for commercial hotel ; $30 and
found r see party here; fare advanced. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 335 Geary at. . **
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26, Montgomery, rm. 12.
Walter; country hotel ; $30. - \
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and writs
. English. For Information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer. 121 New Montgomery st. San
'Francisco, or Masonic building. Sacramento.
RAILROAD men — 250. laborers wanted to-day
> for S. P. Co., near city. Apply G. G. CA-
MOZZI, labor agent. 251 Pacific st. 9 a. in-
to -2 p. m. ¦
WANTED— Boy who resides with hia parents
to run > an electric passenger elevator: state
age and references when making application.
• Box - 4942, Call.
WANTED — Trustworthy man to take full
: charge - of : cigar store; $100 required: gooA
chance for suitable party. Apply 75 Third
: st, room 1.
A— STEADY man with $200 eash can make
$100 month, year around. 209 Kearny st,
room 1. ... .
WANTED— A few br\?ht boys from 14 to 16
years of age to work In shirt factory. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 20 and 31 Battery st.
WANTED — Entry clerk in a wholesale dry
/ goods house. < Address with references B. S.,
•'box 1642, Call office.
WANTED— Practical farmer and wife, without
¦ children; Napa County; good home. SH.VD-
BURNE, 616 Sacramento st
THREE good waiters for. first-class commer-
. . clal » hotel, . in country; - see v party at Russ
i' House. from 1. to 3 p. m. - '.<•
YOUTH borne to learn grocery busi-
ness; - good wages. Apply after - 10 a. m.
. SE. corner of Sutter and Taylor I sts.
A GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and
- push; good opportunity for right man. • F.
PERSON, room 412. - Parrott building.
BARBER shop; must be sold; paying $125 per
• month, with nice 3-room flat, well furnished;
rent $15; price $250. 1035 Guerrero «t. ¦
PRESSER- on nants. . BELASCO-HARRIS
CO., 541 Market st
B ASTERS on coats ; steady employment. BE-
LASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
WANTED — Coatmaker for Eureka; steady Job.
J. BAUMGARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery 4t. j
MANAGER . for retail dry goods store. . Ad-
dresH box 4946, Call.
BOY for wholesale house; $4 a week. Address
box 4947, Call. . N
WANTED — Two good errand boys. E. MES-
SAGER, 145 Post st.
WANTED — Tailor. ROOS BROS.. 25-37
•¦¦Kearr.y st ¦
A STRONG boy to drive delivery wagon. . Ap-
. ply at : Twenty-fifth and ¦ Folsom sts.
TAILOR ' wanted on custom coats; stead/
work; good pay. 533 Natoma st'
STRONG boy: candy -, factory; ' steady; $4 per
¦ ¦-¦: week.- .538 Washington st -'.•--" v .'-¦
WH EELWRIGHT wanted on buggy work!
• 1504 Folsom St., near Eleventh.
WANTED— Miners for Alaska; $6 day and
board... Box; 1641; Call office. . '
A MIDDLE-AGED man for light work. $15;
-man and wife; $35. Mrs. Norton, 313 Sutter.
MAN for- oyster. house; don't call till after 9
: , a; m>^37 Fourth at - . . '
DISHWASHER wanted at 1224 Point Lobos
$15 and found. •*¦ '
BOY wanted at Kolander's Music Store,14S4
Market st.-> opposite Eighth.
BARBER wanted: steady. .519 Kearny st '
STEADY cook wanted ; good wages. 631 Clay
. street
BARBER wanted for steady work for wages.
479 Ninth, st. ,-¦¦.-.
ELEVATOR boy. 29 Stockton st
BARBER evenings, Saturday and Sunday;
steady job. 940 McAllister st
WANTED — Experienced" dishwasher, restau-
' rant. ' 531 Ellis stv :
WANTED — Barter; steady extra. 237% Fifth
•street. . ; ; ¦ > ..-. ' . -.^ . '
BOY '¦ wanted 'about 16; references required
SAHLEIN'S Millinery, 873 - Market st -\v
BARBER shop ¦ for , sale;.- boss -Is sick. 131
• Minna' Et. . .:¦- . •. .
BARBERS— Good-paying 2-chair barber shop <£.
¦ bath 1 for Eale.-H., FALK, Angels Camp,- Cal.
FIRST-CLASS "operator wanted on • coats S
. N. .WOOD & CO.. 27. Geary st "* '
WANTED — Young man ' from IS to 20 years of
age; must be -good at: figures. 1 'Apply be-
tween 8 and 10 a. m. at HALEjBUQS.' "
WANTED— A few energetic, intelligent gentle-
men to present an attracOve. lst-class flnan-
cl«r pron,>iltlon;. successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo, ; salary and liberal cemznls-
, Blon paid. Apply T. W. Griffin.' dally from °
- to 4 p. m.. ex. Sun.; Bf»O Sth '-st.. Oakland, CaU
MECHANICAL ¦ draughtsman ; only- first-class
,men noed apply; technical man preferred; no'
attention paid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience and where previously eni-
.: ployed. /Box .4810. j Call ; office. -
WANTED— Reliable young man for plain work
; with established firm.' $15 to $17 week: perm-
.; anent place; -must have some cash.. BROWN
¦ A CO.. 1221 Market st./ upstairs. . ¦ A j
WANTED— Cash bey," 14 years of age or over.'
- ; APPly ; between ' 8 and 11;. a. m. . at HALE
WANTED— Dress goods and domestic salesman
for dry; goods house; city experience. L. H..-
, box, 1470. Call' office.. . , ¦, .
EDUCATED Christian to* work on educational
fllnes; teachem and students : urererred. -Box
1454.. Call. ;,-. '., ; ,'
DRUG clerk' wanted: > Apply at 603 Montgom-
¦ ¦ tty.st.- ¦¦;-. ; . _> . . > „¦>.
.WOMAN : wants worklntf partner- 30 Hannah
;.stt Oakland (B st.).' - -.-;,
APPRENTICE : wanted at : the Pacific Electric
V,* Motor : Co.; -. 1SS Jessie, st .:>-'
FIRST-CLASS ' Jeweler, ' and' • diamond '"setter":
¦ * permanent . job ; good wages: * Box:4797.";Calt;
BOY of, '10. for candy store; $5 per r week. • 947
.:' Flllmore st, -^QKmBtBtBCtKOBStBfJmmBSBt
FIRST-CLASS tailors; good "pay; steady em-
1 ;. ployment. ;. 541 Marketi st; ; •¦-..-
COATMAKER 1 and '. i bushelman for country.
.• ¦ Apply REISS BROS. & CO., . -.'4 Sutter st
¦ BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
A — IF you want to sell your store, saloon, coal
. yard, routes of any kind or any other legttl-
- mate business or -want a partner in any fair-
paying business see K. KENNY. 75 Third st.
Cash customers waiting; established 1868.
A— K. KENNY. 75 Third st. has the following
safe-paying: business Investments: '
$1600 — Partner wanted to keep plain ac-
counts and assist In looking after hired help
in a first-class : livery ' and boarding . stable ;
established • 30 years; guaranteed by owner
to be clearing over $300 per month; stock of
horses, buggies, etc.. worth $4000; no previous
experience required-; too ' much for one man
to look after.
$400 — Partner wanted in a handsomely
fitted-up oyster and chop house on Market
Bt. ; flne business;. no previous experience re-
quired; must be a 6teady man.'
$1000 — Butcher shop; a great chance; retail
trade of 6 cattle per week; fine location; best
reasons for selling. ' ¦ ¦¦•
$1000— Coal, wood, hay and grain business;
best stand in the city; has a flne trade; 22 ¦¦
stalls let to steady men.. .
$476 — Fine candy store; choice location: No.
1 theater and general trade; clearsj$100 per
month; owner sick in hospital.. .
$300 — Saloon; well located; on Third. st: 2
living rooms; good business; , low rent '¦';
. $300 — Corner cigar store;, prominent .busi-
ness street; sure tq clear over $75 per month:
low rent; fine paying laundry agency con-
nected. - ¦•......¦.. :-.. .'
". $250— Branch bakery . and dairy produce
store; any lady can run it; choice qorner lo-
cation; clears $60 month; nice living 1 rooms;
$SO0 — Partner wanted to attend tolthe tak-
ing of cash in a flne business on best busi-
ness street: doing a large trade; owner .will
guarantee over $100 per month clear to each
and Increasing; too much for one. to attend
to: full value given and a good man to be
connected with; no previous experience re-
qulred. Apply K. KENNY. 75 Third st
GENTLEMAN or lady who can reach' people
with money to Invest in a' company owning
' a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
ruperlor to Treadwell mine .of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning 3 months
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or Invest in a paying proposition address
mom 412.. Parrott bldg., San Francisco.. Cat.
A SMALL branch bakery; only $100 cash re-
quired; nice living rooms at reasonable rent:
no speculators wanted; only suitable for a
party who wants- to make an addition' to
tome other Income; not sufficient as a' sole
support of a family. Box 4945. Call office..
AN established paying medical specialist's busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing $5000 a
year; name, lease, good will, furniture, fix-
tures, etc., all go; opportunity giyen for In-
vestigation to those who mean buslnees; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 451L Call.
$2W' WILL buy a half Interest in a first-class
French restaurant connected with a large ho-
tel; location all that can be. desired; the
whole can be bought if desired. Address box
1C32. Call office.
$3000 — HARDWARE etore paying well; : lo-
cated in growing, prosperous town; sales
average $13,000 per annum; profits net 33 1-3
per cent; expenses light; Invoice if desired;
must sell; make offer; no agents. 4922, CaU.
FOR SALE — Grocery and fruit store in thrifty
town 10.000 inhabitants with monthly' pay
toll of $120,000; stock, fixtures, wagons, etc.,
will Invoice $1700; goad reasons for selling.
Address Grocery, box 165. Vallejo. CaL
FOR sale — Branch bakery, notions, candy and
school supplies, living rooms partly furnished;
established - many years; change of business
cause of sale; no agents. Box 4926, Call.
BAKERY for sale, in good country town; old-
established business; . reason for selling,
. owner has other Interests. •' Box 1634, Call.
$9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car line; with house and 4 lots;
reasonable to right party. Box' 4818, Call.
$3150 — FOR sale; well-established plumbing
business; building and good stock all go;
must sell because sickness. -Box 4925, , CaU.
(300 — COFFEE and. chop house; fine chance for
man and wife to make money; don't miss It
te-day. Business Board Trade, 326 Pine st
OUTSIDE route this paper. Address box 4930,
CaU. ¦ . • -
WANTED — Party to put in small mill; cut
lumber on percentage. Box 4938. Call, office.
GROCEHY and bar and 3 living rooms; cheap.
64 Kausch st .--¦¦¦ - ¦ -¦ . . •
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE. .
A—""'™™" Near The Call building?
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan.
Birr free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for sale on easy terms. / Please call. "
City hotel, small; a mint.... $1,500
City hotel, 36 rooms; clearing $225 3.250
City hotel; 60 rms. ; lease; clears J400 5,000
City hotel; 95 rooms; lease; rent $250. r.,500
City hotel; 03. rooms; lease; rent $250- 7,000
City hotel; 100 rms.: lease; rent $300. . 9,000
City hotel; 75 rooms; lease; rent $275. 15,000
City hotel; 80 rms.; lease; clears $760. 10,000 {
Country hotel, includes real estate...'. 4,000
Country hotel; near this city. :. ,'.* ¦ 1,500
Country hotel: cost $8000............. . 2,500
Country hotel; lease; cost $10,000.... -7.600
¦ Country hotel; Includes real estate... 12,000
68-rm. lodging-house; lease; rent $225.' 0,500
115-room lodging-house; rent $400...... 6000'
ANY of the following on monthly payments:
15 rooms: transient; clears $100 $700
8-room fiat; snap; Geary st 200
' 100 rooms; Market st. ; clears $350 '6000
30 rooms; clears $150; payments 1500
9 room*; sunny corner; a beauty; only. 375
32 rooms; Powell; big transient trade... 3500
20 rooms; clear $75; only ¦ 350
40 rooms; clears $108 800
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 631.
906 Market st, corner Ellis.
$500 — 8' ROOMS: clears $75; big transient trade.
RETSLOFF. 906 Market st •
WINSTON & WOLFE. ~"~
1026 MARKET ST.— 1026 MARKET ST.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
10 rooms; rent $22; good furniture; only $350
24 rooms; rent $55; central 1650
38 rooms; rent $80; money-maker. ..... 2250
:u rooms: rent $100; just listed......... 2100
22 rooms; rent $70; part cash 1300
15 rooms; rent $65; good furniture 1000 !
35 rooms; rent $80; N. of Market ... 2000
63 rooms; rent $200; lease; see this. I
500 other house* on our list to select from;
telephone Jessie 2211.
A. CAMERON & CO.. ;<
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.* '
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you ; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
fiats; all sizes and prices; In all parts of city.
.......... SPECIAL BARGAINS ..
6 r. ; Geary; rent $25; lease; very, nice. $550
10 r. ; all new and elegant; 'clears $50.. 1000
- 17 r. ; downtown: hskeeping.; clears $60. 900
t>3 r. : total expense cf- bouse $175; a parts. 200j
• Money • Loaned. 1 "S4 per cent. -
A...s..» LODGING-HOUSES
10 rooms; rent$50; modern building; good "¦••¦ '
furnishings; death cause of, selling.... $500
20 rms.; rent $70; cent loc.; mixed fur. 1300 j
23 rms.; rent $5<>: bay-window house..*.. 1700
27 rooms; rent $125;. lease; fine furn.... 3500
85 rms.; rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000
Lodging-houses and hotels to suit all classes
of buyers; large list; call and .investigate' be-
fore buying. . •
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market st (upstairs), bet. 5th and 6th.
A— H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st -
Before buying & lodging-house, rooming-
house 1 , boarding-house, hotel and bar, city or
country, it 'will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value is In sight Sample:
22 rooms; 9 .furn.; good location; low ¦
rent; reduced tp. .$600
German and French spoken.
H. C. DECKER, Reliable Broker. 1020
Market St. opposite Fifth. .
GOOD transient house: new furniture.'.. .$1SOO
30 rms.; mechanics' hotel ; man and wife . 750
100 rocms; -country: transient; low rent. ,(5500
300 rooms; corner house for men.'. ..' 5000
00 rooms.; offices and rooms: low rent:.. 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $65: terms. .'1400
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain.'; 700
Money loaned at' 1 per cent. ¦ . - *
Hotels, houses and flat?. 5 to 200 rooms. '
-- -- EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st. -
GEORGE W. BROWN. 783% Market St.. \. .
Room 3; phone Clay 46. Money to loan.
18 .rooms; swell; -bay-window; newly fur..,$1600
17 room*; north side; light, dunny house..' -900
14 rooms; fine mahogany furniture; price..! 2000
16 ro0ms;corner bay-window house; yard. 1 - 850
20 rooms: rent only $50; new carpets. .-.'..'1200
13 rooms; for this week only; sickness 1000
43 rooms; corner bay-window; income $100 1100
We offer any of the above on payments...
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. ¦ • ¦ ¦: • :
- P50 Market st— (Inc.) . .Phone Davis 251. - I
Reliable dealers .la rooming-houses, hotels.'
business <chances and real estate.
We furnish' vacant: houses and
. Loan Money, at lowest, rates. . ¦>. .
. Something, new every day. '¦¦
New bouses to lease. . .
McBRIDE 6c CO.. 7C5 Market — Some bargains.
JlCiO — 18 rooms; 1 Kearny; all light; net $100.
j $37r — 19 rms.; Jackson; good and ' easy, work.'
¦ $700 — 17. rooms; Jones; nice business. :* . :
$180 — 7 rooms; 3d st Money to loan on lodg-
ing-houseBy 70 more houses; bargains; choices.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses.all sizes
and prices,' in all parts of the city;. get our
list first. MITCHELL &. CO., 1206 Market. •
NO. 100% Sixth st— For sale.. cheap. 6 'nicely
furnished. rooms: .no dealers; departure. . ¦
- '¦ CARPENTER AND ; JOBBER. 1 . '
JOBBING, office and store fitting wanted by an
Eastern carpenter; reasonable. Box 4931, Call.
. - COLLECTION OFFICES. _ 1 „
GEORGE W. , KELLY'S .Agency— No
unless successful. 'Room 310. "¦ 927 Market st
'.'.:.:'.'. .v C .P.T T .A G .J 3 * s '- > -' ro LET. . 7! '-.• :
$22 — FURNISHED cottage, « rooms and" bath";
•within walking distance, of local. ¦ 1182 East
19th st;, East Oakland, »23d-ave. /station. '» ,
ARMY. 8983— Cottage ' of 5 ' rooms and bath;
large yard ; basements : ; v , '•
SAN FRANCISCO CAIA.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open. until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. "m.
639 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
316 Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
er.tll 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second • and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16 K. T.. C"3 Sutter st. — Special "EH*
assembly THIS EVENING, tt 8 0
o'clock. Order of Temple. • All fra- Bd
ters are courteously invited. _ w
H. D. LOVELAND, Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder. -
Stated* meeOngVHIS ' (THURSDAY) % A #
EVENING; business. By order of the J±J\
H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec *V*
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. & A. M., •
will meet THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- Jk
ING. April 17. «t 7:.".O o'clock; iXrst %Jf
derree. By order of the Master. rv
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Seciytary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. & A. M.— m
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, at 7:."0 o'clock; third de- }Lj\
rree; Master Masons cordially Invited. * '
By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Sec
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212. • j»
F. & A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- _#\_
PAY) EVENING, at 7 :."i0 o'clock, for "JC/T
first degree. By order of the Master. * »
E. C. HARE. Secretary-
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. & A. M.— •
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING, ?a ~:M o'clork; first de- >£X
rree. By order of the Master. /TF >
J. R. GOLDSMITH, Sec
FRANCO-AMERICAN Lodge No.
207. I. O. O. F.— Officers and §ZtJ$&Z
members are requested to attend
meeting on THURSDAY, April •'*»»«">¦
17, at S p. m. Initiation.
J. MERRICUE. N. O. ¦
A. LEON AURADOC, Sec
MAGNOLIA Looge No. 29. I. O. O..
F. — Funeral detail K>*eTr.l>!e in •S^agS^
our lodgeroom TO-MORROW '?S55te^'
(FRIDAYi. at 9:45 a. m.. to at- - < ™*« >>
tend the funeral of our late brother. M. RA-
PHAEL. SAMUEL POLACK. Secretary.
ENGROSSING, ——
Hf«olution«. etc.. in first-class manner. J. W.
GRIFFITH, H"ald'g Bug. College. 24 Poet gt
AGENTS AVANTEP.
AGENCY wanted for New York & vicinity;
equipped to push any salable article.
THOMPSON*. 245 Duffield St.. Brooklyn. N. Y.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON*, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES case; future
by mail if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor st
attorneys' at law. ,
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; leica! papers drawn; consultation free;
Bo advance charges; open eve'a; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening: low fees;
ell cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
ket Ft; consultation free: no fees in advance.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
36 rages, in wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
ISICYCLISS— Kor >ale or Exchance.
ALLEN has some swell bicycles cheap,, dirt
cheap. Ca!l*and see for yourself: repairing.
301 Larkin st. and 305 Market st.
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC. ~
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, (rlobes, aquariums; bird and animal
lood cf all kinds. 1546 Market st.bet.8th&9th.
5*^IS*"I!"*iE^\L AXI> OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds boug-ht: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes, 1H9 Market: tel. Howard 1S4&
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — I HAVE few of the best paying saloons"for
esle; price from $4000 to $5000; choicest loca-
tion in this city. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H
Kearny et •¦;-¦- .„.-._
A— ?4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
male depot clearing $400 per month; rent
$130; no better investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4 Keatoy.
A— JS50; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
$40; place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad shops, planing mills and lumber
yards. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Ft
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
many years; large trade; big profiu ; etock
invoices about $3500; price $4000- rent S20
CaU R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearayrt.
A -$S00; BUTCHER chop; established year*-
oelng a first-class business; located in Oak-
land; rent $35, including 7 rooms, horse«.
ParUoulJlrs ** G * WILKE.
A— $2000; RARE chance; vicinity of Market
and McAllister sts.; rent $55. Including 6 pri-
&% Kca£ y a g u arCaln - CaU R ' G -
A— $1200; RARE chance; notions, cigars, can-
dy and variety store, with telephone office,
in booming town across the bay; place clears
above $250 during 8 months m ywr; JnvesU-
eate at once. R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— JOSEPH STRAUB. ~~ ~~
K50 Market Et, cor. Stockton •
Real Estate Agent TeIe P h ° De Grant 177.
Re»ts Collected. BoB * ht and SoJd *
Legitimate Busiaes^Agcnt 1^ 11 ' N> *>"* tea -
A— Delicacy store in the Mission; 4 living
rooms; fine oportunlty; price $220.
(A — Butcher shop in Oakland; a bargain at S25O-
no opposition; rent $14. , ¦ * ww »
. A— Saloon in wholesale district: no night work-
good i-aying place; price $000. '
A— Saloon and billiard hall on Market st-
owner must leave this week; price $1600.
A '-VV V/ ••¦•• A. STENJ5ERG
.-3 Market et ....Tel. Black 5491
.....Money Advanced on Any lousiness
...If >ou TV ant Invest in a Good Business^!
Or Sell Your Merchandse
•••r----- For Cash "
..>..Why Don't You See STENBERG?!!"*
<.V ;o •••'••.............
• Restaurant ...'. *
•••• Among Shops. Factories
Receipts About $40
- Must lie Sold
A. SrEXBEP.G. 759 Market Vt"
J1M0-COFFEE saloon in heart of the city-
down town; magnificently fitted throughout-
well established place; everything first-class
enormous transient businew; low rent- re'
. mints Justify *3W0 investment; old age the
orly cause of sale; be« chance In thll city?
M. H.S.S. U\ Montgomery st.. room 4:
f9( ?!^ ORr> ' ER £rocery » r -d bar. in Western
Addition: « rcA.ms and bath; present own»r
the»-e a years. M. LESS. 131 MonUy. ra "
°^?^ rtdenU \ o * the ve ** «ndlngr April 12 was
$3 <$*> on eacli ?100 Invested. Our dividends
are larger than any other firm. Dividends
l>aic every Monday morning. Earns more ii
one week ihan in year in savings, bank
, Principal can be withdrawn at any time, and
dividends 4-iaid up to hour of withdrawal A
tested iniittment. Safe as Government bonds
we invite inves-.iea.tion. CaU or write for
•nteretting literature.
AMERICAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSN
Suite 615. Emma Spreckels bldg. ¦
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business ' chances for sale; also
city and country real estate for sale ex-
« h 5 nj ; e ;r « CaI1 or write for o«r free list
HiSALY & CARR. «27 Market st. room 208.
»3<iO— PARTNER wanted in light business- •
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with
$18 to *"i5 a week; no txperience required" no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. £5 Geary st, room 4.
A — 30 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $2000*
rents $6 to J 3 25 monthly; profiu $2 to S7
dally. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott building.
ON account of death — For sale or exchange a
locksmith and electrical shop for. outside
property: business established 9 years. 90(1
Pacific st. bet. Powell and Mason. .--. : 1
TO let— Good corner restaurant, . partly - f ur-
nlsbed: rent cheap;, also bakery, furnished;
good chance for baker.' 1535 or 1520 Seventh
et. (formerly Webster), West End, Alameda.
BARGAIN — A good bieyeje, some furniture,
bedding and tas stove : with fixtures. 874
Howard *t ¦ '¦
GREAT bargain; saloon; $1300: dally: receipts
$16 to $25; flne location; old-established place.
Inquire 1016 Market St.; room 10.
FG3 — CANDY, notion, laundry; some furniture;'
rent $12. 1628 Powell st; . *.. .
GOOD paying fruit and vegetable * stand * for
•ale; wcU stocked. 1281 Mission st
HELP. WANTOD~MAIJ^oa^
WANTED — Recruits for th» marine corpa. U.
' B cavy; able-bodied unmarried men of gooU
character, between the ages of 21 and S3; not
less than 8 feet 4 inches and not orer 8 fert 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. - For
further Information apply at the Recrultln*
. - Office. 4O Ellis st. San Francisco.
MEN t» learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand;, only, requires 8 weeks; toolsdonated:
catalogue free. HOLER'S BARBER -CO1»-
¦ LEQE. 63S Clay st. - "
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larg«
rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $2 per -week.
BASALT block makers. 137 Montgomery St..
... room 36, bet.. 12 and 2 o'clock.
HARNESS : and * saddle makers wanted. W.
1 DAVIS A ' SON. 11 FTOnt st. "
FOR .Sale— Barber shop; 3 chairs-, good bus. :
mod7 fixtures; low rent.' D. StolU. 723 Mkt.
FIRST-CLASS operator on 1 , pants; steady em-
ployment. 641 Market st. ...--- _ . ¦
COATMAKERS: good pay; steady employment.
: 541 Market st. : . -
TOUNG man to do Janitor work for hi» tnl-
; tlon. -S. F. Barber College. 741 A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay^Write SHERWOOD.
624 Markt.; past com. Wattrons Post,Q.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Enrop* and
_ AustraUa. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25a
to 50c 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sta.
PENSION atty. E A. Bullls. room 40, PheUu
• big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q.A.R.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — A boy about 16 for wholesale nous*.
" Address box 4525. Call office. '
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-nand army shoes.
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 8tX
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25o night: reading rooms j
' free 'bus and, baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED? advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmor*.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisementa and
"subscript ions has been established at 103i
Valencia st
HORSES AJTP WAGOIfS;
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and. sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; w«ll-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 249
Third st' WM. Q. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of bones for sals at Arcade Horse Mar-
- ket. 327 Sixth st; also. buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
- 11 a. m.. JOHN J. POYLEI Auctioneer.
FOR sale,, Santa Rosa salesyard — Just arrived.
several fine road' and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
SON of Grey Eagle out of McCart'y's old Whit*
Hat cheap. 79 City Hall ave. - ¦-
GOOD top. surrey, buggy and bike- cart.
O'BRIEN'S, Golden Gate ave. and Polk st.
CAMPING wagon for sale cheap. 2912 HlUe^
gags ava., Berkeley. -
Largest stock 2d-band wagons, buckboard. sur*
rey.haroegs.work.driving horses. ISth&Valencla.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
HOUSES TO I*BT. _^
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
- . 1
COTTAGE, six rooms: 0 Ewer place, off Ma-
ton, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. ¦ ¦¦ .¦
TO lease for 6 months or year — 8 rooms, bath
and garden. 220 13th st.. near Howard.
FOLSOM. 2410. near Twentieth— House. •
large sunny rooms: bath, garden, stable.
HOUSES TO LET Fl'RMSHED.
NICE furnished house in Western Addition. 9
rocms, for the summer to desirable tenant.
Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO.. real estaU
agents, 630 Market st.
MISSION. 2324— Villa residence; furnished; T
rooms, bath; low rent to permanent tenant.
HOUSES WAXTED.
WANTED — Good lodging-house; will pay cash.
- Box 1749. Call office. ¦ .-
HOUSES KOR SALE.
NEW house, 7 rooms; sun all day: fins- r*al-
dence district: Portola st. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. GEO. MOORR 63 Portola.
. ' INVESTMENTS. _ *
THE Investors* Agency. 137 Montgomery st.
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST AXD FOUND.
J^ST^jTfsis^Booir^hih^mSTnia. Savings
: and Loan Society, of San Francisco, In tha
name of MARY W. SHERRY. No. 153-409.
The finder win please return to Bank.
LOST — Last week, envelope containing corpor-
ation papers. Address J. K.. P. O. box 518.
San Jose. Cal.
LOST — $20 reward; a ladles' ring (large soll-
taire). on Fillmore. between Pine and Sutter,
or on Sutter-st .cars; a keepsake. 2331 Pine?
LOST— Oold watch, hunting case, white face,
marked GEO. H. SMITH, Knoxvllle. Tenn.:
works marked GEO. H. SMITH: monogram
H. H. L. on case. Reward on return to "
CAPT. H. H. LUDLOW. Fort Baker. Sau-
sallto. Cal. -.
COACH DOG LOST— Reward to finder on re-
turning fame to Coroner's office.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st. needs o!4
¦ Hold and Mlver to makw new, watch case*.
0 , MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7: reliabla and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 ElMs.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
- etery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work ffuar-
anteed. ' HOPKK BROS.. 411 to 419 PowtU
- st. : tel. Bush 421. -
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
*h*6**. J.F.Hotter.712 Mission: tel. Main 730.
M^ELJLAXEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery McL*nT*
TOSH A WOLPMAN; 195-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sell or rents gear, - machinery, en-
pines, boiler?, water pipes.' shafting, nullaya,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures: bis stock: installments: billiard
- and pool tables; easy terms or re nted. Th«
Brunswick- Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
BOILERS, eaglnes, pumps, dynamos, compres-
sors, water pipe and belting, second-hand
bought and sold. II. S. White, 130-132 Beale.
A— $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popular
Price Hatters, 330 Kearny stl, near Pine. -«.
FINE SUITS, $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
"CLOTHING PARLORS. 457 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — 6 dachshur.de; imported; best breed.
Box 4937. Call office. ... ¦ ';
FRENCH lady, just from France, gives sam-
ples of fine hand-stltched collars. 831 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS equipment of restaurant for
' sale cheap. Box 47»3.< Call office. .- • . •
CHOICE fresh cows for sale. FRANK ai
. KNOWLES. Mission road, near; Union Park.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
- shop. ;B. MAART. Valley Ford, Cal .
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
".. makes). ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montg'y.
C0.00O GALLON 'redwood tank: 8500 ft." 2. 3, 4
and 6-!ncb pipe. THOMPSON. . 40 Main st.
FOK sale— Soda water, fountain, price $200; '
, original cost $S50. Drug store. Pine & Krny.
Edison . phonographs,* records, supplies, moving
picture machines, fllm3. Baclgalupt, 933 Mkt
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2- hand
and launches. J. E. DO AK. 46 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches: rowboaU carried in stock.
- BAKER & HAMILTON. ' ' .. - .... .
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
...MAN SAFE CO.,, 417-423 Sacramento st
FOR second-hand machinery. engines and boilers
go' to D.J.McMasters,SE.cor.)nd and Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
'.- bought, sold. jKrogh Mfg., Co.. 519 Market .
1 MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
¦ tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
ENGINES arid boilers: second-hand machinery.
1 J. BURKE. 13ft Eeale st - •-.-.-¦ - v
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
"WANTED >to- buy :or rent Klondike slot ma-
chine in good order. McBRIDE & CO 7C5
. Market st/ " r ' , . -
WE- pay '$5 ' per . 100 . for names; send lOc-for,
blank book and. particulars. ¦ The " French,
i.' Chemical . Co.. - 241 N. . Fifth st. . Phlla.. Pa.
'.EIO prices paid for sealskin coats ; also gents* I
.'/.full; dress -and Tuxedo suits.-. Portland Loaa
' .'Office, 25 Stockton st.; phone Bush 4S4.' |
,TILTON- wants gofw! second-hand clothing- and
v j theatrical goods. 154 9th st ; tel. « Jessie 2851.
'Wanted— Cd-hand electric motors, alt sixes, any '
Ivy condition." FarnsworthElectricalWk»..4aaTurU.
.-¦--.
j L : .: HELP WANTED-— FEMALE. _ '
MRS. M. E."DAY. . , : Phone Main 1975.*
¦ ; Hotel Department. .W". ,* ' • • -
" . 25 - waitresses • for first-class springs and ¦. re-
' sorts, $25 and $20; 8 waitresses," city,^^ $25 and
; $20; 4 chambermaids; to wait; 1 $20; chamber-
¦ maids, "i country '$20;. 2 'pantry women, sum-
- pier resorts. $20. : -.: -. ¦;¦ • ¦•
'.". ¦ ':¦¦"' . I Family - ; Department' :",'• '-"-'. ¦*?-"'
Cook and < second-girl. '¦ Menlo : Park: • se^ lady
I here ; cook | and | second-girl.v $25 and , $20, Ba-
. kersfleld, see lady, here ' fares paid ; : cham-
bermaid, -.$20; '¦ many others.. •
:;: ; - A r MRS;;. M."- E. .- DAY, 325 Geary ¦ st. .-
WANTED— Housework, j 2 family: no washing,
" '.Ross- Valley,- see ¦ lady In- office, ¦: 11 ,¦ o'clock,
: .$30; 4 cooksv$30; 8 second . girls, $20, $25;-3
i nursegirls, -. $15,/ $20: - $25 ; . ' restaurant . wait-
resses, $8 week; 10 hotel waitresses, $20. $25;
laundress," no ¦ shirts, : $25 ;* also a : large num-
ber of,- girls ! for general housework • in nice
German.and American : families at • $20, $25,
.; $30/ Apply to' J..F.; CROSETT * CO.," 334
; .'Sutter- st. y: . ,' ;. - '. ¦ - - ' " ' s
COAST, EMPLOYMENT. CO.. > - .-
. : ' 502 Taylor st. ; ' phone Black 2194.
MRS. ; KERR "AND COZZENS.
1 Housekeeper, private " family, $25; , young
¦ ". lady, neat appearance, outdoor . work, ¦ liberal
'_¦> commission ;' housekeeper,' country. ' $15.
LEON -ANDRE, 316 ' Stockton st.— First-class
I Infant • nurse ¦ . . .'.'. ... . . . . . . . .'. .......; . . .$25
,.10 cooks," German^ style ..;....*.... :$30-$."J5
;,, Chambermaid •¦ and seamstress -.......:. .$25
.^Nursery, governess, institution ' ...... :*.'.-. .$25
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery,' rm. 12.
Waitress,.; country,: $20, .free fare. ,- ' . ¦ .,
TAILORESS. vestinaker, for; country; , steady
Job. ;i J. , BAUMGARTEN &• CO., 7 Mont-
• comery.st.v * . -V ; . : ; ¦• ¦
EXPERIENCED hands on ladles' silk waists;
I steady 1 work ; ¦ good I pay.' S. F. MFG, ' CO.,
523 Market st. , • \. \ ';:. .[
LADY of indomitable energy,' possessed of self-
: . ; assertion ; good opportunity, for I right party.'-
F. -PERSON, room 412.' Parrott building. tr-
OPERATORS en overalls.; experience not neces-
, s sary. LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32*4 Fremont
:-; St.. MR. DAVJS. ;^ , • •.•¦, -,v j=
GIRL wanted to wait at table ' at noon; 25c,
.'including dinner.. 612 -Post: st. -.
AV ANTED— Girls for paper box making. The
'; StuparlchMfe.: Co., 141-147. Fremont, st. .
WANTED— A first-class ¦• finisher' on " custom
"pants. >' 411 % ; Kearny. st, top floor..' •
HAIRDRESSER; good wages; permanent 324
¦Post st. ' " , '. . : . ;- . ; .
WANTED-^-Girl . to attend -shooting gallery.
'¦" Call: C2.T Pacific st. : :
' GIRL to'do 1 general housework.; ¦ good home.
¦222 Golden Gate ave.; call bet 9 and 12.
GIRL8 about 16 years of age will find plenty .
of- good-paying work. LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.. 32*^ Fremont st. MR. DAVIS.
A CHAMBERMAID at 501 Twentieth st. near
.Unlon/lron Works. ' " "•
MIDDLE-AGED wemah to do light housework
; and assist with baby. 1008 Flllmore st.
WANTED— Capable - nursery governess. ¦ 608
' Sutter 'st- •-¦•?, - . _ . '¦-..- - -.
DRESSMAKERS, competent fitter on tailor
skirts ; also sklrtmakers. >. 60S Sutter. st.
APPRENTICES to learn ladies' tailoring; paid
while learning. 608 Sutter. st. :
A ) GIRL . to help In dining-room. 615 Valen-
' cla. st. ' ,'¦ ¦:•¦.;';.-••¦. ..¦¦.-. ;
FINISHERS' on coats, $12 per week; also ap-
•^prentlce. '344 Tehama st.
WAITRESS wanted/ 108 Hayes st. :-',''^h
OPERATORS - on ;. women's wrappers and
waists; electric power; steady work. MARKS
BROS.. 1212 Market Bt: '.'-."> \-r- -%
OPERATORS on overalls; experience not neces-
sary. ' LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% Fremont
Et.'MR. DAVI3. • ... y
BUTTON-HOLB makers on coats and vests;
finishers. on coats and pants; girls to learn
tailoring; steady employment BELASCO A
HARRIS CO.. 641 Market st.
FINISHERS on coats and pants, ' steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market et. ¦-¦... .- .. -
WANTED— 5 girls to learn hairdressing, manl-
I curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; cost3 only $3 60; 3 post-
' tlons I waiting ; private customers - assure $50
to $75 per month; -.day and evening class.
College, 233 Geary, st, rooms 13-15. .. *-
WANTED — Girl or young • woman to do light
housework in Alameda; 5- room cottage; 2 in
family; good ' home ' for • right person; wages
$10 per month.' 2045 San Antonio ave.. Ala-
. meda. ' ¦-' . . :. :. ; :•
GIRLS about 16 years of age will find plenty
. of good-paying work: LEVI STRAUSS &
.-¦/CO.. 32 V, Fremont St.. MR. DAVIS. . a. :.
GIRL, general housework; plain , cooking; . two
--In family; f no : children; good wages.-- 3823
¦ • Nineteenth ¦ st, ¦ bet/. Church and -Sanchez... -
' Hairdressing, massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etcr2~"wks.,$5. College, 1236
Market, rm. 94; splendid positions; day; eve.
APPRENTICES on custom coats wanted. S. N.
' 'WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. *-. : ' -. -. -...
FIRST-CLA SS alteration hands. ' E. . MESS A-
GER. 145 Post st .--.. -.- ¦;
25 GIRLS for dancing, at 906 Market St., room
17; hours 2 to 5.\ . , ' .-¦.-¦.
GIRL for general housework in a small fam-
ily. 1940 Buchanan st. . '. . " ,
'GERMAN girl for general housework and wash- 1
-Ing. Apply 10 to 12 a. m.'. 1502*4 California.
WANTED — Second girl for country ;' $15. . Ap-
- ply 2210, Central, ave. ;: carfare. . -..•'¦
'.WANTED — Reliable middle-aged woman; per-
¦ manent position for. one year. Box 1474, Call."'
OPERATORS on gents' • custom and stock
) shirts. 635 Valencia st. : '. .
OPERATORS on golf and dress shirts; highest
prices. D. C. HEGER. 723 Market st
WANTED— »An experienced ) finisher on coats.
No. 3 Brook St.. room 5. over 738 Market st.
A— TRIMMERS, makers and salesladies want-'
ed. MRS. .E. LYNCH. 1003 Market st. .
WANTED— Hairdresser. 1036 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers ton - coats ' wanted. S
>^N. WOOD & CO., 5 27 Geary st- • ** " - :
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants ; • steady em-
¦ ployment. -¦ 541 Market st. , '
FIRST-CLASS \ stenographer; .- state experience
rand where last employed.. Box 4S07, Call.
PANTS ! finisher wanted at 253 "£ Stevenson sty
;, between Third and Fourth. ;. * .:-- -;-'.-.
GIRL for general housework. 45 Bartlett st
GOOD operator and finishers on custom pants;
, steady; work. ...864 Howard St.. ¦ •
GIRL T for' general housework; small family;
wages $16. - 2041 Pine ; st. ' . -\ .-.-->.
WANTED — Experienced . shirt makers. EAO-
LESON &'CO...S35 Market st ,, .
GIRL8'14 to 17. for factory work. Apoly at
yonce. AMES & HARRIS.: 100 Sacramento. st:.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-"
'- hand, speed class., $2 mo:- 927, Market," r.. 305.
A ERANCH office for Call advertisements and
/subscriptions', has been established at 1096
- Valencia nt
CLASSIFIED ! advertisements and subscription*
• received at, Call branch office.' 2200 Flllmor*.
J 'V HELP AVASTED--3IALE,
CARPENTER for Mexico; $3 60 day; 6 carpen-
,'ters, f.3 50 daV ; ' horseshoer, : $2 25 day; mlll-
• wrlfht; $3 50 day; box nailers; '5^ miners,
g$2 50 and; $2,75 day and $2 day and board:
'.'.- circular.-: sawyer,;- small: mill, -. $2 25 1 day;
- young -'man to : learn ; blacksmith trade.i boy
¦for ;>aint':shoD. - $4 week ¦ and ' Increase, - and I
\ many j others.---. J. - F.,; CROSETT & CO.."" t : 28
Sacramento st. fu\l?.V3iT6£!5J)6siyiiSrf30(3
STEWARD ¦' for' country" ' hospital! ; $30 and
¦found; young . waiter, private family, $30 and
found;; waiter and ¦ bedmaker, 1 $25 and found;
ranch ' cook. • $20 ; and i found ; * boarding-houaa
> cook; $35 and found; restaurant cooks; fourth
¦ hand. baker; $8 week and board, and others.
' J. - F. - CROSEgT' & CO.." C28 S'acramento | at.
CHEESEMAKER,'-: $35 and found : V stableman
'( lor milkman, $o0 and ' found ;t young man -for
- creamery. v. $20 ¦ ¦and .; found; ¦ ranch foreman,
$50 and found;^farmers,- $23 -and -$35 an<i :
..' found; "milkers,; $30 and , found: old -mans to
, care for > place; man * abput : place;. $25 % and
. ' : found ; « farmer :'¦ and T wif e, f $40 < and > - found ;
driver for milk wagon, $35 and found; men t*»
r thin , fruit; 81: day < and "board; ¦ laborers for
;' mill yard, - Sao and found and- fare advanced;
, . . teamsters; $ 1 ; 25 ' day .' and * board ; laborers, $2
•¦-. day, 1 8 . hours, and * others. , -. J. - F. 1 CROSETT
.' & CO..' (i28 Sacramento , st. ; ':. ;.. ;¦-<,,'
; AT THE CAL'. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, •
-; 59. Third st. phone Bush «35.
\ • RAILROAD : LABORERS. ;
• FREE ' FARE.*. . . 1 .'.::.' ;. .V. C .FREE : FARE
; I00 teamsters; Nevada. .. .$2 to $2.25 per day
, ,25 rockidrlllers.Maborersr. V; .'..$2 25 per day
- ;..--¦•'.. SHIP DAILY. :,..-.--¦
FOR LUMBER WOODS. ..'. '
,26 sawmill. hands and men for lumber. wood*.
$20 to $G5 month and . board, , fare advanced:.
v 2 ' experienced ; edgermeri.' .'.... . . .-. .$3 per day
2 head setters or screw turners." :.J3 per'day
¦"•¦ Bridge carpenters I.... .V.TrrTr.*.*V.$3 per'day
xV. Buggy washer, city. rr: 1^.-..-. .$03 per month
v" Carpenter, \ city,*. .-. . . :.'.- :..:..$:$ ¦ per . day
'. Carriage; painter,' country, r:'. . .$2 50 per' day
- .Camp; cook, 0 men.". ... ....... .$23 per month
-.- Cooks.' waiters' and dishwashers. •- CALIFOR-
»:•• NIA -EMI?, j AGENCY; 59 Third st. "v ~u ,=
"ANDRE'S : Office^ 310* Stockton st.--Coachman
;- j and 1 do schore?;- country,-, '$.'15; ', coachman <and
milk ;cows, * south;, $30; -gardener :¦'•¦; and * do
',. chores, i $30 ; ' bedmaker; $20 ¦. and : found ; % cook'
\ ..and waiter, or man and -.wife,: country^ hotel,"
" • $65 ;f short! order: cook,": $15;'- porter for saloon I
/ $20 j • shampooer ; for springs ; ; dishwasher;, $3C, ¦
:..' etc' ¦ ¦¦¦ ¦ • - 1 . ¦
EMPLOYMENT /OFFICES— -Crfntiaued '
RKLIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment ' Of-"
£-flce; all kinds help, 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
':,: nese help. 426 Powell.nr.8uttrr;tel.Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT ¦ - AV ANTED— iPEMALB."
A .FIRST-CLASS cook,' hotel or boarding-house;
.city or country. ¦¦ MRS.' NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A- WOMAN ¦_ wishes work '. by - the . day. ; Tel.
j- MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.; st. -.-,-..'•? , -.:¦'.
WOMAN wishes ' a situation with an old i cou-
* . Pie: ¦ good ' references • exchanged.' Apply ': to
: 139 Hancock st, 'bet 18th and 19th, Noe and
' Sanchez.-^ .-•:.-. -¦ ¦*¦¦¦¦,,•:¦..;¦.-;¦ . ¦ .- I- '¦
WANTED-^Posltion -by well-bred f.^woman, ( to
¦'care, for house; can do beautiful; seeing and
' -embroidery;:- 1 desire good home/S^Address
: A. M.," box 4940/ Call' office!. . - >¦.;•,,
WANTED— Position to cook ; i best references ;
.across the bay preferred. Call or address for
, :- three days. 033 Mission st. " . ¦ - ; : .
WANTED— A position V as cashier . by a : young
lady with r experience and references. ' Box
: 4944., Call: office. '¦¦' .-¦'-¦¦ ' - / -.'.;:
TWO Swedish girls would like general house-
f ,^work in American families. <: Please call i at
J 1129 Treat ave. ' ; ¦ --I;;
WOMAN ' wishes -situation for general /house-
: . work or care bf children. 514 Minna . st, :
¦:-' rear, upstairs. ;. ' :;. . ¦ ¦ .. ;.- ' .¦,•-.- / v'./
MIDDLE-AGED lady, wants situation as house-
s-keeper or take charge of rooming-house.'; A4-
dre3s box 1. Call, branch. 106 Eleventh st. , -¦
TOUNG girl > would like position to assist with
light housework; city or country; wages $10-
$12. , 412 : Linden aye. ' ,-¦;'- . ¦
YOUNG woman wants washing, ironing,' house-
..- cleaning^: or. -windows to clean; 'reference*.'
¦ Address C, 615 Larkin St.- v.
A— TOUNG Swedish' woman wishes work 'by
•---. the day. 173 Clara st. 4 x . . : • .
COMPETENT woman wants work by the day;
. washing, housecleanlng, etc. 15 Cleveland st.
ELDERLY , woman wants light housework or
T-take care of children. 967B Howard st
RELIABLE woman wants situation as chil-
y dren s nurse or , companion to - elderly ! lady ;
"references; willing to assist with
. housework and ; sewing., - 120 Fourth st. ' : :
WANTED— Position as 'housekeeper -or com-
panion ¦¦ to » elderly lady, for the * day only.
Address Lady, box 4912^Cair office.
AN American woman 'would like plain or fam-
-¦'.. lly sewing; dresses refaced or bound reason-
•-; able ; or will 'go out by the day. 210 Grove.
A' COMPETENT woman wishes work by day
. lo do /washing, ironing and housework. • . 60S I
' Pine st ..--•:•-,.- ' ¦¦ 1 •¦.,.-.¦ j
YOUNG Finnish girl wishes position doing I
housework. Apply to 1410*4 California st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
.' -ket— 200 rooms; 26c to $1-50 per night; $1 50
• to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
¦ bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
WANT ads "and subscriptions taken -for ' The
..Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
¦ EaiPLOYMENT.iWANTED— MALE.
j ENGINEER — Young man who thoroughly un-
1 , derstands the practical running of gas engines
B and dynamos wants a position with a firm who
i- manufactures gas engines or some automobile
j, firm. Box 1557. Call office.
(POSITION wanted by German in a liquor, or
¦-.wholesale house or drive delivery wagon; was
I In the liquor business for himself the last 9
years and acquainted in the city. Box 4943.
JjCall office.. . f
WANT a position as working foreman of ware-
". house; thoroughly :; understand storing and
, shipping > of merchandise; good reference.
Box 1S56. Call" office". :¦ s • '
Al , HOTELMAN, ", middle-aged, good appear-
'.ance, years of . experience, wants position as
head. waiter or steward In or out of city, ho-
tel or club. Box 1640, Call office.' ..'"¦* '. "¦
BARBER with about 2 years' experience would
V-' like a place to finish trade; city or country;
have own tools. v-Box 1471, Call office. •
YOUNG educated man would like an engage-
ment, during his'; spare time, between 2-5 p.
m. Box 4941, Call office. . - \.
EXPERIENCED young man would like work
• as bakers' helper; prefer hotel. CARL BURK.
'321 Ellis ist.: -. .;.*: .-¦¦¦¦•.-¦-.
COUPLE want ranch positions; husband hon-'
est, ¦ capable, sober, ¦ intelligent; '-performs
light general work and superintends; wife
splendid housekeeper and manager; Eastern
experience. Box 4873. Call office.;-.,-. :;,.,
A MARRIED couple, "-." German .and. English,
wants position on a ranch or as foreman; wife
' a " good . cook ¦ and housekeeper; references.
"-' Address ¦¦ box > 1630,- CaU "•'.•""¦••
INDUSTRIOUS. young man- desires a situation
private residence; j care of horses, milk,
: tend garden: handy and useful; references.
: Box 4921, Call .office. . . . - -..
MALE stenographer : desires position; is em-
ployed at present but would like change; sev-
-. eral years' experience; best of references. Box
1532, Call office. -, ¦-¦:;,,'?" '. - . .;-.-
MAN and wife want position, . man as coach-
,' man, woman as seamstress, nurse girl or will
do upstairs work. Box 4935. Call office. ;-
YOUNG man wants position taking care of
horses, -garden; can . milk; good driver;
handy with tools. Box 1460, Call office.
YOUNG man with . successful experience run-
ning country newspaper wishes position; good
. references. » Box 1472, Call . office:. -
FIRST-CLASS carpenter : wishes = situation in
hotel; Institution • or ranch; no tools. Box
4932, Call office. ,- ,. ..
PLATEN pressman; 12. years' experience; com-
'merclal, halftone, cut and" color work; ref-
v erences If required. . Box 4934,' Call office.
GOOD side, line wanted; staple; no book or ln-
surance. Box 4796. Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesman, road or city, open
: - for engagement A prl 1 18. Box 4793. Call. •
STEADY ' young German wishes I position as
¦¦ driver; knows city well. Box 4939, Call office.
JAPANESE boy "wants situation with photo-
, grapher as apprentice: small wages. TANI.
; 807 Polk ; st. ; • phone- Polk 1302.' ¦
GOOD experienced Chinese cook ¦ wishes posl-
' tionin hotel or boarding- house. Address
YEE LING.' 20 Prospect place." • .
JAPANESE . boy : wants . position 'as gardener;
speaks English very well. E. B.. 1329 Pine st.
A BRANCH M flee for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1096
Valencia st. . ,¦•-¦¦¦¦ ' ; . •_ ¦ ¦¦•
69,090 SHARES; of r the. capital stock of ' the
7. Flores Hale &' Co. ; were sold at auction on
- • March 21st ; : the. time for : confirmation : of the
\sale by-the Superior Court has : been set ; for
April 2Sth,at 2 o'clock p. m.; in "Department.
.. 0;.any person may, appear in Court on that.
I day -and overbid the purchasers: the highest
.-. bidder,' if the price - is ' satisfactory ¦ to- the
Court, - will secure ¦ the : property. - For, other'
property of the estate for sale same day see
y- "CountryjReal: Estate", and "City Real. Es-
tate" columns of this paper. ¦ For all lnfor-
-, matlon apt>ly;to ; '.. .-¦'•: '- -.•: •'.". ¦ ¦:'
' ' '-< .. - : • McGLYNN & MENTON, . . -j
. Rear Estate. Agents f 'and Auctioneers, .Room
:.;.'' 22, Chronicle building... :y ? *-
.PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Tno.)— Wo
;•• have . 42 of flees in operation: new . method ¦ of
, . placing : stocks ' and- bonds; companies . lncbr-
.v.porated; stocks and" bonds underwritten.' Call
-or, address main- office, - 607-^-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan: write
us. Pac. Stat»s Mlning&Invesf Co.; 326 Post.
"'if ¦':'.".''• i' : - ' .-_ FLATS ;>TO^LBT.'.-;.' ~~ "
FINE 6-room flat; inside porch "and storeroom •
:- marine view; yard; natural' wood finish; $35.
-. -.1316 Green tt. ; ¦ , ; ¦ . . [
FINE, sunny; flat, 6 rooms and bath; rent $25;
-NEW; modern' sunny -flat; yard and basement;
; near Park.. 257, Carl ; st', near Stanyan.
LOWER ; flat; 1 3 : choice : - sunny * rooms; : pantry,
-¦¦¦¦- storeroom.: $12. . 2419 Clay. st. near Fillmore. :
LAGUNA, 2922. near Union— Lower ¦ flat 3
j'.< rooms i and, bath ; J $11. .'--,--¦¦:.'¦•/ ; '¦ '• ; ' • i-
_ FLAar £^£° j" IiET-^FURWISHEU. :
DEVISADERO, i 1911,^ near : ¦ California— Sunny
• ;- furnished 6-room . flat ; 11-4 p. : m. ; - reasonable, j
; GOLDEN GATE,- 1517-^-4 rms. ; bath ; gas range ;
_, garden; $25; lower flat, 2 rms., $12 50; 1 to 4.
'.':: F . 1UATS " F OR-8ALE^Fl-It.\rSH~El>Th '{
COZY completely7urnishedi 9-room flat. 5 mUw'
utes from ¦ theaters,^ everything modern,' $65 ;
1 to 5'P. m.;'i 764 Bush st'V': , / . .
¦ ELEGANTLY, furnished .- flat ; - choice 1 location ;
! 6 room*; cost $1500; soil less than half; don't
;-'fall;to see., -Rooms. 226-2271 Parrott building.
. /
-XT CAVANAOH i Furniture ¦'- Co.; 848 TindtsSo
.. Mission, st— Special inlaid linoleum, 66c yard;
: couches.' $3; stoves." $5; •¦ chairs,- 35c: bed sets.
$8 and up; 4 rms.; turn., 'oak. $48. No.,7 stove.
. 4 i ROOMS furnished in ; oak. v $48 50.V with No. -¦¦ 1
i range. 1 King Furniture 'Co/. . 1 127-1131 ' Market.
¦V ; F yjf^HyiS E 'WANTEp/^ J.^
'A:-. WOLLPERTT773 < Mission i st.;S pays highest
'¦¦price for, second-hand furniture; tel: Red 1364.:
D. T & V. BLAOKsuedT^lovesTbesTln"ithe worid^
warranted: kent : In reDair. - 121 Grant r ave."THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLj THURSDAY, >; APRIL 17, 1902.
M'COMB SEEKS
AID OF COURT
Demands That Fredrick
Surrender Clerk's
Records.
Attorney Ruef Makes an
Argument for Mayor's
Appointee.
Powel Fredrick, Mayor Schmiu's ap
pointee to the office of Chief Clerk of the
Justices' Courts, appeared before Judge
Sloss yesterday to -show cause why 'he
should not deliver to George McCcmb
the records and documents which are in
his possession. Attorney Ruef, who rep
resented Fredrick, dcslriug to avert the
fight for the j books, offered the sugges
tion when the case was called that the
pending summary proceedings be dropped
and the case be .carried at once to the
Supreme Court, so that a decision might
be secured- on the merits ©f the contro
versy.
• By carrying it to tno highest court in
the State " tne case would be at once
and finally settled, not only regarding
the ownership of the records, but also
as to which of the two contestants is the
do Jure clerk. As. Attorney Leon Sim
uels, who « acted as ¦ McComb's counsel,
would not accept Ruef's suggestion, the
Court ordered the case to De proceeded
with. Almost the entire day was con
sumed in argument.
• Before the battle of words commenced
both McComb and Fredrick were placed
en" the stand, so that the exact status of
affairs might be learned. McComb -told
about the ejection and subsequent resig
nation of Williams and of the Installation
of Fredrick by the aid of the police. He
told of his election to the office of
Chief Clerk by the Supervisors and of
his establishing his office in the cham
bers of Justice of the Peace Groezinger.
Ho claimed that his signature is recog
nized . by the Sheriff, Auditor, County
Clerk and . the Justices.
Samuels Goes Away Sack.
Fredrick . also related the events that
have transpired since the eventful day on
which Williams and his assistants were
driven out of the Clerk's olflce by the
police. He testified that since that time
he has been in peaceful and undisputed
possession of the rooms in which the rec
ords of the Chief Clerk are treasured.
He admitted that McComb made a de
mand upon, him to vacate the office and
thct his - authority has . not been recog
nized by the Sheriff.
: Attorney Samuels came well provi
sioned and equipped for taking part ii. a
lengthy argument. Embanked behind a
huge fortification of books, he com
menced firing his forensic torpedoes at
Judge Sloss. He contended that Mayor
Schmitz had not the power to veto the
election of McComb by the Supervisors
and that ' Fredrick's forcible entrance
to the office of Chief Clerk did not give
him the least color of right to the posi
tion. • ••; • :.-';-,.< V
Veto Power of the Mayor.
Attorney - Samuels argued that the
charter does not explicitly confer the
veto power in the Mayor In all cases
and where it Is not explicitly conf errd it
is withheld. So earnest was the atior
ney in impressing on the Court the dan
ger of allowing the Mayor an unlimited
veto power that he read voluminous.ref
erences on the point at issue and called
the attention of the Court to how the
English people of centuries past had cir
cumscribed their King In the use of -this
dangerous prerogative. He even went so
far as to, trace the history cf the word
"veto" back to the time of its origin in
the days of the Romans.
Attorney Ruef made a very strong ar
gument in behalf .of Fredrick's claim to
the office. - He commenced Immediately
a discussion -of the vital: points at Issue.
-He contended that McQomb could not re
cover the books from Fredrick by prov
ing: a defect In his claim to the clerk
ship, but that he must demonstrate his
right to the. property by proving that his
own claims were stronger and more valid.
- Ruef devoted his time principally, how
ever, to proving the Mayor's . authority
to exercise the veto power over all bills
and acts passed by tne Board of Super
visors. He read from the charter sec
tions to the effect that all bills and reso
lutions must bo signed by the Mayor,
and he quoted a decision of Judsre Heb
bard-showing- that not even could a reso
lution . passed by the Supervisors ex
pressing condolence for the widow of
President "McKinley become binding until
it had received the Mayor's signature. He
contended that inasmuch as the election
of McComb involved an expenditure of.
public money, it was especially essential
that the Mayor should approve of the act
before it could be put In force.
At this point Attorney Ruef was forced"
to . discontinue his argument until this
morning, at 10 o'clock. : *.>
Ruppel Killed by His Horss.
' An inquest was held yesterday by Cor-,
oner Leland on : the body of Conrad Rup
pel, an aged hog:, rancher, who was thrown
from his.. wagon In a collision with, an
electric car In front of 4263 Mission street.
April 5. The jury returned • a verdict of
the effect that death was caused by an
accident, "due to the plunging of the
horse attached to his wagon after said
wagon had been struck by an electric car.
The combined effect of the plunge of the
horse and the shock of the collision hav
ing produced the fall which produced
death."
Late Shipping' Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday. April 16.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. 14 hours from
Mendocino, via Point Arena 11 hours.
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 16. -
Stmr Santa - Monica, Olsen, . Grays Harbor,
via Eureka.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEW YORK — Arrived April lft— Stmr Teu
tonic, from Liverpool - and ¦< Queenstown. '
• SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived April 16 — Stmr
St Louis. -from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TACOMA— Sailed April 16— Br ship Belford.
for Queensto wn. :
SEAT7TLE — Sailed April 16— Stmr Bertha,
for Valdez: bark Kate Davenport, for Nushi
eak.
Arrived ADril . 16— Stmr Santa Ana. from,
San Francisco.
..: PORTLAND— Arrived April 18— Stmr Co
lumbia, from San Francisco.
Sailed April 16 — Stmr Lakme. for San Fran
cisco; stmr Theodore Wille. for Shanghai.
11
, BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
' Birth,' marriage 7 and -death 'notices, sent by'
mail will. not' be inserted. They must be handed
in at either I of ' the ) publication '• offices - and • be
indorsed with the , name and residence of , per-
B.ons authorised to have i the same ¦ published. ¦
BROM— In Sari Mateo, .'Aurll il5, \ 1902, to the
- wife of M. . F.'.'Brom, a' daughter.
BURKE— In this " city, April „ 2. ; 1K02, ' to the
¦wife of John' Burke, : a son. ..
LACKMANN— In this cltjV.March 15,.19O2, to
the wife 'of H. G. Lackmann, a son.
MORAN— In San Rafael, to the wife of James
• '.F. Moran, a son. " .-'.r ' > -
:/':',] MAERIED. \ J : ,
KINGSLEY— KRIETE— In this 'city, 'April 16,
1902, by the Rev. William Kirk" Guthrie,
Lewis E. Klngsley and Etta Krlete. : :
'¦¦:< ' ;. .: -.-• •'.¦•..:--DlED.- v :- ¦;/.•':.'¦• ¦-'
¦ Bauchou, .Marie E.- .Huff, Neola Z--
.Beck, Paul . -.'--: .-Johnson, Guatave -.'-..-.
''.' Benedict. Benajalr: V Kreutzer,. Lisabeta' '
' Bohan. 1 Mary ;-•'- Maguire, John N. .
. '¦ Brombaeher. ,. Char- Manheim, Felix -"¦-
,>:..: 'lotte.S. . ; Murphy, James D.
Campion, Minnie ' .. O'Brien, Mary E. ,
'Clack, Sara. .' .¦ Price. Duncan: '.
Doollttle. Dorothy D. Pyle. Delia
¦ ";• Easdale. • Jane W. . . Schmelden. Richard
-Edsar. ' Daniel ' J. • ¦ • Severance. Wm. ; W. J
Edwards. A. L. ¦•-" .- Spray, • Mary " .
- Emslie. Charles I3h*» Ferdinand •
V -. Harrington, .. John .-, . Westgate, William .
BAUCHOU— In this "city/ April 16,' 1302, Marie
Eulalle : Bauchou, beloved . daughter of Mr."
and Mrs. Pierre Bauchou/ a native 'of San
Francisco,' aged ; 2 years ; 5 ; montH3 ;. and 3
/..days. ¦ .-., . ,' .:'*¦*> .'•."' '¦¦¦' ¦ ','"-"- v ; '' .:'
BECK— In this city, April 15, 1002, Paul Back,
-a native of France, aged .75 years.
BENEDICT— In Alameda, April 15, 1902, Bena-
.-. jah Benedict," beloved | stepfather of Mr. jR.
Hamlin and Mrs. Amllla Nolte, and uncle
of Mrs. Addle Chasplan, a native of Ver-
' mont, ased.78-yearr. -'•¦;- .. .'• ...
: C?"Frlends Rnd acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to 'attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),' from the First Presbyterian
Church,, at 1. o'clock. Interment at- San
!;--¦ Lorenzo. •-,:'¦ : . .-: : ¦'•¦'..¦> .¦:' .*'.¦.'¦-'.•'.'
BOHAN— In this city.' April 16. 1902. Mary
'•. Bohan,' beloved mother of John, James -and
. Joseph ' Bohan, | Mrs. W. H. Smith and ¦ Mrs.
L. Flaherty, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land.-' ' ¦ ¦ • - . '-.- -v . " ,- - ¦ -' ''
' ¦ ICFriends • and acquaintances are respect-
•' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
- dence, 160 Silver street, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services "commencing- ¦;' at 2
o'clock." Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
BROMBACHER— In: West Berkeley, . Aorll 15,
1902. Charlotte Sophia, beloved daughter . of
. Mrs. Johanna C. . and the late Jacob Brom-
baeher, and sister of Emma, '.Willie, Mary,-
' Annie, - Otto arid Hermann :. Brombaeher and
Mrs. A. Bennln*. a native of Berkeley, ; ageJ
18 years 1 -month and 7 days. ¦ •
¦ ¦ (C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect •
fully Invited to attend the funeral service»
¦¦ to-day (Thursday), at . 2 / o'clock, at^^the
- family residence. 1647' Sixth street. West
Berkeley. Interment Mountain . View Ceme-
CAMPION— In this city.' April 16. 1902, Minnie
- Campion,, beloved wife of John Campion, a
!' native of Illinois, aged 35 years. • :-,
CLACK— In this city. April. 14, 1902.. Bara, be-
: loved wife of Sidney , Clack, and mother of
Mrs. Shelley Pickle* and Emily. . = George,
Rosetta, Theodor and Cecelia Clack, a natlvt
of Newtown, Ireland, aged 51 years and < 23
.-' days. ¦' . - v-' - -¦' • ¦ " . ' ' •" . .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
at 11 o'clock, from her late '„ residence. 1468
Ellis street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
¦'¦' tery. j ¦''.'.. "¦¦ \ . ¦ ' • ' ¦
DCOLITTLE— In "this : ! city. . April 14. 1902.
Dorothy Dean, beloved and only daughter of
¦ James H. and Susan M. : Doollttle. a native
of- Woodland. Cal.. aged 8 ' years 7 months
and 29 days. ¦ " •¦'.-¦ • ¦ ' ¦ -
. \ tyFriemU are respectfully Invited to at-
tend - the funeral to-day (Thursday). '_at
• 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of Hotel St.
Nicholas. Interment CyDress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by special train leaving < Third and
Townaand streets at 3 o'clock.
EASDALE— In this city. "April 15, 1902, Jane
W., second . daughter . of • William - Easdale
Esq., Willow Bank, - Belfast, Ireland.
C7Frlends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. George Eaton. 17IA Al-
pine street. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
' teiy. ¦ ¦¦¦'¦... . : . ' ' . ¦ ' . ' •¦ '•
EDGAR— In this "City. April 16. ~ 19G2. -Daniel
J., beloved ' husband of Emily C. Edgar, ard
father of George B., Philip G. and Emily C.
Edgar, a . native of Boston; Mass., aged 68
year* and 27. days. •-.'.- . .;•;,;-•:
EDWARDS— In Honland, Mendoctno County,
,' Cal., April 15.' 1902. A. . L. Edwards,, a na-
tive Of Sag Harbor, Long Island, aged. 75
.- years.' ¦''¦ ¦'...¦'".¦¦¦¦ ..,,¦'."
EMSLIE— In Berkeley. April 16. 1902. Charles,
- beloved husband of Hannah Emslie. and
father of Henry A. and Charles C. Emslie.
¦ a natfve of Scotland. : aged 81 • years.
HARRINGTON — In Oakljand/ April 16, . 1902.
N9 Joh n, » beloved . husband ibt. Hanorah . Harring-
'. ton.' and father of Mollle, John, James,, Nel-
' lie,' Katie,- Agnes, George and Theresa Har-.
rlnston, a native of Castle Gregory, County
Kerry, Ireland. ; aged 66 years. .:. .\ -. —\
HUFF— In Alameda. April 16, 1902. Neola Zoe
Huff, beloved wife of Norman Huff, mother
of Ruth Huff, daughter • of " Mr. . -and Mrs.
-James Fowler, and sister of Edna .G., Helen
and Rae Fowler, a- native of Iowa.; 1
JOHNSON — In the City arid County : Hospital,
April 10, 1902. Gustave : Johnson, a native of
- Sweden, aired - 41 ¦ years. « . - ¦ . r -
KREUTZER — In this city. April 16. 1902,
Lisabeta, beloved .wife of the late August
Kreutzer. . and sister of John Sllllgo. a na-
- : tlve of Italy, aged. 46: years. ¦'-• -.-».y ' ¦ .-
(C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock, - from the parlors
' of H. F.- Suhr- & Co., 1137 Mission street,-
"between Seventh and Eighth, thence to. St.
-Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth \ streets. • for
-services at 1' o'clock.; Interment Holy Cross
¦ Cemetery. ¦'..'¦ "¦'¦' ' .' '• • ! ' ". .
MAGUIRE^ — In this city, on Monday, April 14,:
1902, John N. Maguire, a 1 native . of New
- -Orleans,'; La., -aged 21 years. (New Orleans
papers please copy.) * ' ¦ "', ; -r ¦-, '»-
ICTTuneral services at St. \ Mary s Cathe-
dral, at 9:30 o'clock, Friday, h April 18, 1902.
Interment private at Holy Cross Cemetery. , .
MANHEIM— In this city, 'April 16, 1902. Felix,
beloved child of Mr. and Mrs. Max Manheim. -
a native of San k Francisco, - aged 4 years 1
month- and 28- days. ". . ¦ «- -.'-... .
MURPHY— In this city. April, 15. 1902. at his
'* residence, 746 Clayton ¦ street, James Dous-
. las, beloved son of Anna, and the late. Daniel
Murphy, •. a . native of San Francisco.
CT Services at residence- -to-morrow (Frl-
Vday),,at,10 o'clock. Interment private./
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 16, 1902, Mary
E, beloved .wife of C. W. : O'Brien, anu
mother of • Fremont ' M. O'Brien, a. native of
San Francisco, ' aged 29 years. -
.. C3T The .-funeral, will take place to-morrow
(Friday),' at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
• of . the United -Undertakers, 27-29 Fifth
street, thence to St." Brlgtd's Church, where
-a requiem mass - will be celebrated for the
"'¦ repose of her. soul at 9:30 o'clock. -.-
PRICE-rln this city. April 16, 1902/ Duncan
: Price, a native of III Inpls, aged 50 years.
PYLE— In this' city, "April 16, 1902, Delia, be-
loved wife of Richard Pyle, a native of Irc-
- land, aged. 40 years. -. . ,
SCHMEIDEN— In, this city. April 15,- 1902.
..Richard. Schmeiden, a native of Germany,
: ased 55 : years. -".-' ¦ / -•
SEVERANCE— In: this city, April '13, 1902,
r 'William Wallace, beloved husband of M. Or-<
¦' dell Severance, and : father of ¦ Fred E. and
Alice E.' Severance, "a native of Maine, aged
- «9 years. (Rockland, Me.', ; papers please
copy.) ' r
SPRAY— In Alameda, Aorll 16, 1902, Mary,
•, beloved wife of George C. Spray, a native of
'Liverpool, , England,- aged/ 70 years.":' .
UHL— In thlfl city,' April 15, 1902, Ferdinand.
I beloved, husband of Anna Uhl, and father of
• ' George V..' : Ferdinand, v Rudolph;. Anna ¦ C,
. Mary G. and Leo ' Uhl, . a native of Bavaria,
, Germany, " aged ' 59 years. ,: ; ¦ • ¦ . ..
- CTFrlondsand acquaintances are respect-
"t fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, .982 ; Union street, thence to St. 1 Boni-
face's Church, -where , a • requiem hlgh : mass
. 'will be celebrated ¦ for. the repos» of his soul '
,' at -0> o'clock. • Intermept Holy . Cross ' Ceme-
. . tery.";: ¦ v -. " .: ;•¦• ¦¦ ."¦...- < ¦¦ . ¦. v.--.--'
WESTGATE— In - Alameda. V April 16. M902.
-William, beloved husband ofLydla B. West-
er gate, and beloved father of Elizabeth '.West-
gate and -the : late ¦ Mary A. ¦¦ Hamblen.i a na-'
. tlve of 'NewDort,?R.-I., ' In the 87th yearof
" his age. ¦ (Nantucket, Mass., -papers please
copy.) ¦ ¦' . . - '-.-¦ ; ; " ¦- ¦ • < \
' \' r tt^Frlends ; are Invited to. attend the fu-
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
/.'•' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) -
'¦¦¦ • ¦ DANIEL P. DONOVAN.. Mgr. '¦...¦•¦':..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposlta Lincoln School. '
!.'.,,: ¦ Telephone ; South 80. ,-¦
Mt.; Olivet Cemetery,
'¦¦'¦'.' ' '¦ r- \ NEAREST THE ¦ CITT. ""'
V, Off Ice, 916 Market Street.
.-.'.'¦' '. • . ..• • Telephone 'Bush 307. --J . -,¦' ,, ,-
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. I
',."•;¦ Samuel ' McFafiden, 18 . years manager for
¦ the . United ¦ Undertakers' Association ; M. J.
i McBrearty. with the tame company for IS
I years; P. F. ' Green,", late :wlth J. C. O'Con-
nor ¦& Co-.^hav* opened new 'Funeral Par-
¦ lors ' at ;1171; Mission 1 st.t " between ¦ Seventh
t and Eighth. -71 Telephone • South ¦ 44.^ ' . • \
: REMOVED! :
¦- '.
" FUNERAL » DIRECTORS • and ; EMBALM -
* ERS, , to 224 and : 226 McAllister st. ' (For*
' merlv of 81 ' Edd" ¦ strv T*l.'n South ' 252.) -•.'¦'
illl^kiGaii
iliMEDA'ADYERTISEMENTS.:
ALAMEbAj^BEA^ESTATEn •
ELEGANT cottage." 'fine large garden; must: be
I sold account departure. ' See -owner 1518 lien--
_-to:y Alameda, 'or 5<B California; r. 218. "S.F.
JRKELEy 1DYERT1SEMENTS
;._^'_-': BERKELEY : ; RKAIJ' : --*ESTATE.' .!:>/"¦
FOR Sale— 300-acre fruit '. and f- stock : farm , In
Sonoma County, $8000; - bargains \ In houses
— and^lots : in Berkeley; . prices to • suit ;~ easy
tennis. .3. P.I HALE, ' 1604 Shattuck Jive.,
, last station. Berkeley. . ¦". : . ,-
COTTAGE of 7 rooms : and bath ; high base-
' ment; easy payments. MURDOCH. 514 Pine..
'¦ROOMS; FOR 'HOUSEKEEPING. "¦
FOLSOM, - 830^ — Furnished housekeeping rooms;
- also large front . room, with stove.'.,. -.
HYDE, 408— Sunny front ¦ parlor suite, com- -
.plete f or t housekeeping $20; another suite $15.
POLK,' 1642 — Two sunny furnished front rooms
•¦ for housekeeping; gas range. - -; .- ' ¦-.-*¦¦'.->;
SEVENTH, ,28 — Sunny, furnished suite, $15;
.: sunny room; range, gas; $7, $8. $10.. ;;,' ¦ ,.-¦ .
STOCKTON, 1206— Nicely furnished single and
double housekeeping rooms; free ': sas and
stove; model house; $4.- $8.- $8 and $10.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726, . nr.; Dolores— 2 sunny
bay-window rooms; nice, neat, complete. | ..'
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at ; 1090
¦Valencia st. :.-:'" : ' '.' : - -- ¦ • • ¦¦'¦ ¦*'. '¦
ROOMS' TO , : LET— Fnrn.'and Cnfarri.
XrGYLE Hotel, 234 McAillster-ftjew." elegant,
sunny; 76c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room' In California attached. :, .
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Slxth-'Rooms/
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all; night. ..
A— VENDOME. 1104 . Market— Changed hands ;
It renovated; furn. suits. Mrs. V., W. Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles ; day,
. week or month; bath, phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT," "142t? Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
;¦ nlshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.' I
CLIFFORD, 204 , Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny . rooms ; prices reasonable. '
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. 'rooms, 35c,'
. $1 50 night; $1 SO. $6 week; .open all night.
FOURTEENTH, 142 — Nice sunny room in pri-
vate family ; rent $8. .-•¦'.: "
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated. '
GENTLEMAN wants: a. gentleman to share
'with him a large suite of rooms in a first-
class family hotel. Address L. H. ' C, 26
Montgomery st.,;room 14." : .. -; ; ;- ' .' * ''.
MINNA, G67, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
- window room, $1 per week; transient.
O* FARRELL, ¦ 20 — Sunny • furnished . rooms ard
-_¦ offices; elevator, elec. ..'lights; day, week.; mo.
ROYAL House. : 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
. -reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
' to $8 month, $8 to $30, elevator ¦ on .ground
floor; rooms with hot and'. cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 < Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished; also 3. unfurnished.
SUTTER.' 717 — Nicely furnished room with
bath; $8 per month.' ... -; ¦' ,;.-;-,¦-•
VALLEJO, 1019 — Rooms on Russian Hill; rent
$30. 'Call Wednesday and Thursday p. m.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at .Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
'A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. . subscriptions has " been established at 1096
Valencia st. • :' •' ¦ ' - - : -- -
ROOMS AND BOARD.
FILLMORE, 1720, near Sutter — Large sunny
•room, newly furnished, for, 1 'or 2 gentlemen,
with or without board; also back parlor; gaa,
. bath and running water; private, family. --
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny - front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
flrgt-clagg board; reasonable; phone South 829.-
CALIFORNIA; S07 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
. family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
VAN NESS,' 915 — Sunny rooms; hot and cold
. water; excellent board, $45 & $40,. for couple.
Lambourne, 420 Eddy— Hlgb,-class hotel; furn.
suites and single; steam heat; board optional.
VAN NESS.; 607— To a refined couple; large
sunny, parlor, with board, -in ' private home.
•VAN-NES8.'- 519— HandHOTie- furnished sunny
• -eultea.' single rooms; first-class • table board.
. ¦;.-.' . :,-¦¦ I , >¦ ¦ special*;- notices."" 1 : . .. . ; ¦ ¦; '
N.OTICE Is hereby given that the Maria Kip Or-
phanage, at 520 Lake st.,. San. Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half orphan
•girls, from Jan. 1 to April,!, 1902: Hazel- W
- West. 6 yrs. ; Daisy RooU.ll yre. ; . Elsie M.
Moggrlde, 2 yrs. 6 mos. ; .Blanche M. Wilson
6 yrs.; Erol. Goldstein, lfr.yrs.; Hazel I. Wolfe'
12 yre.; Louisa B. Lpeser,- 9 yrs. ; Hattie H*
' Neindeck, 10 yrs. ; 'Juanita Tomllnson, 12-
yrs.; Evelyn Raymaud; 7 : yrs.' " :
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections- made;
city or country.' .'PACIFIC COLLECTION
- CO.. 415 Montgomery, room* 0-10; tel. 5380.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought,, sold, rented, exchanged- re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 208 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing'
..lowest rates; phone Howard 3204. Sixth.
;,, STABLES TO LET. .
STALLS to let. ''Apply, at 847 Mission st., coal
' yard. >••:.¦- • • . ¦
_ STORA'ge .AND JWARBHOUSES. ¦
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage , and Moving Co.",
office Post and Powell sts. : tel. Main B713.
GOLDEN .WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 MI»-
gjon st.; tel. Howard 941.: F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEKIN8 Vah and Storage Co., 630 Market at.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at'eut rates. ¦ .,
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281. .
_ -PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR BARRACK CHAIRS— De-
' pot Quartermaster's Office, 36 New Montgom-
ery st.. San Francisco, Cal., April 15," 1902. ¦
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this office until 10 o'clock a. m.,,
Friday, April 25. 1902, Pacific Standard time
' " and then opened,'; for furnishing three thou-
sand Barrack • Chairs conforming to speci-
fications No. 361. except i that they be , f ur-
- nlshed i knocked . down and- delivery to be
made either at the New York or San Fran-
: Cisco Depot.v To avoid misunderstanding as
.to the exact nature of the articles to be fur-
nished, bidden- will ¦ carefully examine the
specifications; so that proposals . may bo sub-
mitted by them- with '.a: full -knowledge of
v.-hat will be ' required, as ' an absolute com-
pliance with the: specifications will be In-
sisted upon In - the inspection of the goods.
¦ Bids differing from specifications will under
in) circumstances be ¦ entertained. -'Bids .for
i delivery or Inspection at | other, points I than
'those named above will n-jt be considered
. Early deliveries are essential. Bidders must
state In their: proposals the rate and time of
' delivery, should . contract ,; be ..> awarded to
- them. ¦ . Preference ' will ¦ be . given ¦ to articles
'••'- of domestic production. •¦;', and manufacture,
. conditions of price and quality being equal
. (including' in > the • price : of' foreign ¦ produe-
- t!on arid. ; manufacture the duty 'there-
on),' arid ;• such\: preference .'will'- bo
given to ; ; articles .*; of ." American . . produc-
tion arid i manufacture 7 ; produced,, on the
'Pacific Coast to the extent : of • the ¦ consump-
tion required by the public, service there. The
, United-. States , reserves •¦ the' right , to accept
or reject any : or all proposals or any part
. thereof. - Information I and blanks | for propo-
sals will be furnished on application. En-
' ' velopes containing proposals will be Indorsed
No. 3083," 'and.', addressed to
MAJOR C."- P. MILLER, t Quartermaster, -U
•';¦ S;. Army. Depot Quartermaster. ' y ¦
;:«"! MASBIAGE ;, LICENSES.' - '
' The following marriage ' licenses were'. Issued
yesterday:--: -„...¦ ¦.¦»¦.-¦.'"¦--..'¦¦•.¦•.
Martin -J. Fay, 28, .411 . Capp- streetiiand
Mary E. Sweeney, 27, 2936 Jackson street. \-
Isaac ; H. 1 Burnett; tt 62. Vallejo, and Emma
Carter,. 4«$. Vallejo..* •'/ c -. • . , ...
Oliver J. Musclo. ¦ 24, ,' Olema, • and' Adelina'
E. Pedrottl.- 20, • 'Olema. ¦ • , ¦¦-.' ¦¦...; ,.
Joeeph •• . Tulte, 1 37/ 5 city, : and . Mary C. Kron •
holm,- 24, -city.--.,-- ••-;*-> -- ¦"¦¦—, .:¦
Attilio Colettl,;24, 502 Greenwich street, and
Rosle Llnali.^15,'.. 418 .Vallejo street. -., ,. -,,
Lewis E. iKingsley; 30. , 671. McAllister street.'
and Henrietta F.TKrfete. - 30. '222^ - Fulton v ut.
-Willie H. A. Forbes,; 26,. 1- Bond, street, anil
Anna-I..Glovo,' 22,:ll«Unlon?place. ¦ • "¦.-,-
Herbert • M. '• < Davidson, *¦ 24, > 1414 ¦ McAllister
street, and. Lillian 1 Barnett,, 20,' 1453 O'Farrell.
<¦- Joseph: H.r-Montgomery. ; 37.^ Ben - Lomond,
and Margaret E.^Oloan, 30.-1120 Tennes«ee;st.
George E. Hislop, 22, 379 Fulton street, and
Hazel s M." Purcell. 21," 1630 Howard street. 1 ; -•¦
.:¦* Joseph ¦ L; yWalsh.' 36. 134 Hayes street, and
Ellen E. Briggs, . 25, 525 Octavla street. .-¦.-,• , t •
• Harry ¦ D. ! ¦ Allen; - 27, ¦ Frultvale, ,; and : Berj-1
Barnes,-.. 20,' Lfirln. ¦ : ¦ "." '!•-'•;* •.. • ' ¦- . !•>¦ ¦
¦ Samuel ' Flshel. '. 29, ' city, and Clara Hood, 1 24, ,
. > William IK.',. Sirilth. ,20,' 10Z J . Congress street;
and Emma E., Dennis, 25,. 126 De Long avenue.
Antonio r Pezzl, > ?A. ¦". 1 - * Moulton ..place, / and
Mary . Nave, • 19. i 431 %¦ Union 1 street, r,
». James, J. Boyle, ,20. 1258 ;Unlon street'" and
Catherine t T. *. Moriarlty, ¦¦ 20. 2612 . Post 1 street.
'< .« Frank ' H. " Andrews. 7 35.' .Benicla. ¦: and * Susan
E. -'. Smith,' 30, - Benlcia:' ; * '¦ J:\ l>- ' . .'¦¦-.. --
¦¦/ Harry McFadyen; ¦ 28, Dixon, and V Lottie L.
Culver, ,28,- city.^ "•¦;.;:. j " '.
':.:- Uijrgo B. 1 Nielsen; 41, city, . and J^eonle ' Spits,
.30. city. •;•-.:- ' .J. '-'
PERSQXALS. . .
AN elegant line of remnaiits tor bulls to order,
- (15; with these suits we make an extra pair
" of pants free o( charge; other suits on install-
ments. II weekly. L,. LEMOS. 1117. Market
tt.. between Seventh and Eighth. . "
A— HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
noire, falling hair, dandruff, eczema, . 'gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee a. cure cr' no
pay. The Bohemian Specialist. 131 Post st.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Tlotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
MAY Designer and Standard Patterns just out;
newest shirt waists and Jackets with postll-
. , lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic .
office. 1021 Market st.. near Sixth. .:
RAO carpets wove to order and for. sale: also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. ¦> 709 Fifth. Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing anfl bleaching; all kinds of hair
work done artistically; hair --dressing* 25c;
shampooing 50c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
HAIR dyeing; bleaching a specialty; shampoo-
ing 00c; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
In 30 mln. Miss A.V.Doyle, 1702 Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and cuperfiuous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley.1702 Market.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st. ;
MONEY loaned at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. '
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
A — IF your hair Is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S. Moore,332O' Farrell; send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
* electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE. German specialist,' reirioved from
110 Geary to 101 Eddy, st.. corner Mason. ..
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 253.
Masquerade costumes -at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costulr.er. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot: air
treatment for rheumatism.etc. 233 Geary.r.2".
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
AL.FREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1 ; At all druggists.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DRQPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play, books, wigs;
country orSers. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE*S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. '25c: all druggists. ¦ '¦'
PHYSICIAAS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
na operation no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld, 6 Turk.
DR. J. W. SEELEY. 207 Powell st.— Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases. .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021H Market, st, bet. Sixth and. Seventh.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San"^anci«oT^CtLT^April
5, l'W2. — Notice to claimants: Notice js
hereby given that the following described.
merchandise has been seized at this port
. for violation *>f the United States revenue
laws, to wit: 35S pes metal ware, Aug. 21.
1900; 2 trunks, wearing apparel, etc., March
1. 1901; 1 silkembd'y garment, 1 silk embd'y
• coat of arras, 1 worsted shawl, March -21,-
1901; 14C0 packs playing cards, July 8, 1901;
COO cigare, July 10, 1901; 16 silk shawls, 3
' silk shawls, 32 ellk handkerchiefs, 3 pes silk, 1
July 15. 1901; 400 cigars, July 15, 1901; 1
case bay rum, July 15, 1901; 307 pkgs. play-
ing cards, July 15, 1901; 300 cigars, July
15, 1901: 9 bottles bay rum, July 15, 1901;
180 packs playing cards, Julv 16, 1901: 99
bottles tarn shu. July 22, 11)01; 2 Jars eaia
ehu, 30 jars Holland Kin; 2 silk umbrellas, 1
cane, July 22, 1901; 700 cigars,' 3 silk scarfs,
July 31. 1901: 3173 cigars, Aug. ti, 1901; 19
gents' undershirts, Aug. 7. 1901;' 7 gents'
night shirts, 14% doz. prs. ladies' hose, 15
doz prs. children's hose, 814 doz. ,' gent's
eocks, 2 lace scarfs. 4 pes. white silk cloth,
1 pc white cloth,. 4 pes. black cloth, ¦ 1 pc.
purple velvet. 6 prs. cents' drawers, 5 bxs.
pearl buttons, 1 bundle sample hose, 36 pes.
-- lace, 11 Brents' white bow ties, 1 box sample
buttons, ti small boxes. face powder, 0 cards
cample braids; 500- cigars, 'Aug. 7.' 1901; 400
cigars, Aug. 7, 1901; 250 ' cigars, Aug. 13,
1901; 2 pea. doth, Aug. 13. 1901; 1 pkg. wool
dress coeds, cotton lace, cotton goods, cot-
ton hdkfs.. mf. leather and pearl' .buttons,
Aug. -13, 1901; 1 pkg. containing cotton hose,
cotton lace and. leather shoes, Aug. 13, 1901;
1 pkg. cotton lac*. Aug. 13, 1901;. 1 tea set,
Aug. 13, 1901; 200 cigar*, Aug. 13, 1901; 3300;
cigars, Aug. 14, 1901; 210 cigars, Aug. 14,
1901; '200 bdls. Japanese playing cards, i*)
bdls Chinese playing cards. Aug. • 19, 1901;
as clgrars, Aug. 22, 1901; 200 pkgs.' Japanese J
playing cards, Aug. 22,. 1901; 1100 cigara,
Aug. 23, 1901; 150 cigars, Aug. -23, 1901; 98
cigars, Aug. 29. 1901; 29 silk shawls, Aug.
30, 1901; .500 cigars, Aug. 30, - 1901; 355
cigars, Aug. 31. llKll; 500 cigars,. Sept. 4,
1901; 3 llama skin robes. Sept; 4. 1901; 200
cigars, Sept. 6, 1901; 400 cigars, Sept. 7,
1901; 600 cigars.. Sept. VI, 1901; 140 packs
playing cards. Sept. 13. 1901; 75 packs Chi-
nese playing cards. Sept. 13, 1901; «8 packs
Japanese playing carts, Sept. 17, 1901; 425
¦' ; cigara, Sept. 25, 1901; 500 cigars," Sept. 2t:,'
1901; 1344 cigars, Sept. 20, 1901; 375 cigars,
Sept. 27.-1901; 300 cigars, • Sept. 27, 1901;
7' ellk umbrellas, Sept. 27, 1901; 65 cigars,
Oct. 2, 1901: 2450 cigars, 00 bottles cognac,
Oct. 4.1901; 550 cigars, 24 bottles cognac,
Oct. 4. 1901; 5423 cigars, Oct. 4, 1901; 30
bottle* cognac, Oct. -4, 1901; 4 peg. silk, Oct.
4, 1901; 535 cigars, Oct. 4, 1901; 1 . sllk-.uiq-
brella. Oct. 4, 1901; 200 cigars, Oct. 10, 1901;
tKX) cigars; Oct. 10, 1901; 900 cigars. Oct.
10. 1901: 200 cigarB, Oct. 16, 1901; 1 pkg.
embd'y- '»ilk kimona, 1 pkg. embd'y -linen,
Oct. IS. 1901: 145 pkgs. Japanese- playing
cards, Oct. 21. 1901; 200 cigars. Oct. 21,
' 1901; S47 cigars. Oct. 24. 1901; 1 .pkg. Bilk..
" Nov. 2, 1901; 75 cigars, Nov. 6, 1901: • 75
cigars, Nov. 5, 1901; 6C2 cigars, Nov. 5,
1901; 50 cigars, Nov. 5, 1901; 200 cigara.
, Nov. 5. 1901;. 100 clears. Nov. 14, 1901; 720
cigars. Nov. 14. 1901: 4C cigars. Nov. 14.
' 1901; S9 silk handkerchiefs, 8 bottles per-
fume. 6 boxes toilet soap. Nov. -27, 1901; 43
cigars. Nov. 27., 1901: 150 cigars, Nov. 26.
1901: 450 cigars, 514 packs cigarettes, Dec.
2, 1901: 300 cigars, Dec 2. 1901; 28 ellk caps,'
Dec. 3. .1901: 8 Bilk caps. Dec. 3. 1901; 51
cigars, Dec 3, 1901; .9 silk handkerchiefs,
6 colored silk emld'y shawls, 364 cigars,
De<v 3. 1901; 1 pkg. dec. china, Dec. 4, 1901;
2 pk*s silk, Dec. 6, 1901; 8 silk handker-
chiefs, Dec. 6. 1901; 10 silk handkerchiefs,
Dec. 18, 1901; 1 pc. silk cloth; Dec. 20. 1901;
1 lot silk embroidery, Dec. 20, 1901; 2 5-
tael boxes prep, opium. Dec. 20, 1901 ; 50
cigars, Dec. 30. 1901; 58 cigars, Dec. 30,
1901. 1 valise containing statuary. Jan. 20.
1902; 2000 cigars, Jan. 20. 1902 j 6 pes. cloth.
Jan. 20, 1902; 2 boxes statuary. Jan. 20,
l»02; 2000 cigarettes, 4400 cigars, Jan. 20,
1902; 9 pes. cloth, 1 pkg. lace curtains, Jan.
' 20, 1902; 1200 cigare. Jan. 20, 1902; 9 pes.
cloth, Jan. 20, 1902; 500 cigare, Jan. 20,
1902; 1200 cigars, Jan. 20, 1902; 350 cigars,'
Jan. 20, 1902: 19 pes. cloth, 18 woolen shirts.
Jan. 20. 1902;. COO clears. Jan. 20. 1902; COO
cigars. Jan. 20, 1902; JO0 cigara. Jan. 20,
1002; 1300 cigars, Jan. 20, 1902; 700 cigars,
Jan. 20, 1902; 10 silk caps. 3 silk shawls,
Jan. 20. 1902; 475 cigars, Jan. 20. 1902; lpc,
cloth, Jan. 20. 1902; 1 pc. cloth. Jan. 20,
1902; 2 pes. cloth, Jan. 20, 1902; 4 pes
cloth, Jan. 20, 1902; 3 silk shawjs, Jan. 20.
-1902: 2 5-tael boxes prep, opium, Jan. 20
1902; 1 silver belt. Jan. 20. 1902; 7 pes. silk!
Jan. 20. 1902; 1 ladles' silk dressing sack.
Jan.j24. 1902; 1 case (12. bottles) bay rum,
Jan. 30. 1902; 9 pes. silk crape, Feb. 3. 1902;
54 oacks Japanese playing cards, Feb. 3.
1902; 300 cigars, Feb. 3, .1902; 498 boxes
Chinese playing cards, Feb. 3, 1902; 80 boxe«
Chinese playing cards, Feb. 3. 1902; 1 tea
pet. Feb. «. 1902; 20 5-tael tins prep, opium.
Feb. 7. 1902; 184 cigars. Feb. XI.. i»02; i
pc. cloth, Feb. 11, 1902; 300 cigars, Feb. -11,'
1902; 3 5-tael tins prep, opium, Feb. 11 ; 1902-
7 plain silk shawU, 2 embd'y -silk shawls, fl
j-ilk scarfs, 1 pc' pongee silk. 5 bottles kan-
ange perfume,. 200 pkgs. cigarettes, Feb. 11.
» 1902; 2 Bilk shawls, Feb. 21. 1902; 1 pc. silk
cloth, Feb. 21, 1902; 14 leather cigar cases,
Feb. 21. 1902; 12 t>cs.' cloth, 20 pkgs. tobac-
co, Feb. 21. 1902; 15 doz. bottles perfume.
¦ 45 pes. cloth. Feb. 21, 1902; 2600 cigars, Feb.
21. 1902; 2500 cigare, Feb. 21, 1902; .,14
pee. cloth,' 3 mouth accordeons, 4 bellows
4 musical albums. , 4 musical . earthenware
v beer muss, Feb. 21, 1902; 11 pes. cloth. 11
nkgs. tobacco, 8 tins, tobacco. 1180 cigara, 1
zither, Feb. 21, 1902; '. 249 cigara, Feb.'. 21.
'1002: 3493 cigars. Feb. .24, 1902; 1 tea set.
Feb. 25. 1902; 1 silk Jacket. March 3, 1902;
17 silk handkerchiefs. 3 eilk shawls. March
5 1902: 50 cigars, March 5, 1902; 1 cs. mf
-wood. March 5, 1902; 5 cotton crepe kimonoa.
4 Bilk coat of arms/ March 5. 1902;' 8' doz.
prs. hose, 22 hdkfs.. March 13, 1902. All
* persons claiming the above described tner-
' chandlse, or. any part thereof, are requested
to appear and file claims of ownership with
the undersigned within twenty days from
the first • publication of this . notice, other-
wise the same will be sold at public auction
according to law. after .due - notice being
' given. -' F. S. -STRATTOX.- Collector.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
' GREAinSXROAINS LN^TTPEWRITERS^wi
cell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER • Typewriter I Inspection " Co.— Expert
¦ typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWICITING A>D MIMEOGRAPH1XG.
EX PERT typewriting/ 4c folio : copies. 2c : mlrivi,
cographing. 927 Market, rm/ 301; Jessie 1554.
neral :. services Thursday, . ADrtl 17, at - 2
-, o'clock, from, his late residence, . 1117 Pare
¦ street. Alameda. * J Interment strictly • private.
Kindly omit aowerg. .. - - , - . .
Sfiahalian Klorist Go;
V 7 ; ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS , .
: Prices Reasonable . '.
107 POWELL ST.N tA ,ELUS 2Sff 5056
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOU^HERN^PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
SAN FBAXCISCO.
' (Main Line. Foot of Market 8treet ) ¦
1JATK — -¦ FBOM MABCH 80. 1902. — AWT?
> 7 -00a Benicla, Buliun, Klmlra and Sacr*- . "".
' racnto..... ..:......: 6.55»
7.00a Vacavllle, "Winter*, Rumsey - 7.66*
7.30a Martinez, San Ramon. -Vallejo,
Xapa, Callitoga. Santa Rosa. 6-?5r
¦ 8.00a Darts, 'Woodland, Knights Landing, "
Marysvllle, Orovllle 7.5B»
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogdca and East. 8.25a
8.00a Niles, Lnthrop, Stockton 7.25*
8-OOa Niles, Meudota, Hanford, Ylulta, •
• ; PortervlUe....: ;-.¦ 4-B5»
8-30a Shasta Kxprets— Davis, Williams
, (for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
'" Red Blnff, Portland : 7.55»
8-30a San Jose, Llvermore, Stockton.
-,. 'lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
i Marysvllle, Chlco, Red Bluff 4.25*
I t. 50a Oakdale, Chinese, Sunora.TuoIamDe 4.26V !
.' 9.00a Vallejo™.. 12.25* i
. 8.00a Lob- Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced, .'-
. Fresno and Los Angeles..... 8-25A
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.55P
t1 0.00a Hayward, Nlles andAVay Statlom.tl2.55f
1000 a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
" . Denver, Omaha, Chicago.. ' 6.25? :
'.-. ti-OOr Sacramento River Steamer* tii-OOr
' Z.OOp Benicla, - Winters, Sacramento,
. ' - ¦ Woodland, Knight* Landlne,
¦: Maryavllle, OrovUle........ 10.55*
830p Hay wnrrt.NUcs and Way Stations.. 7.S5f
4 00p Martlnez.San Ranion.VallcJo.Napa,
- , • Callstoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a ¦
400p Niles, Llvermorc, Stockton, Lodl.. 1225*
4.30p Hayward.Nilcs.SanJoBe.Llvermore t8.65A
4.30r The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld, Saugus for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles ....-8.55a
6.00P Port Costa, Tracy, Lathron.Stock ton 10-25 a
.' ' 5.00p Martinez, Antloch, Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno....". 12-25r
.t6.30P Niles Local, .i 7.26a'
, 6.00r Hayward, Niles and San Jose 7.55a
t6.00P Vallejo- .......; 11.25a
6.00p Oriental Mall — Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Lonls, Chicago....;.. 4.25F
7.00r San' Pablo. Port , Costa, Martinez - -
. and Way Stotions... 11.25a
t7.00r Vallejo............. 7.65r
. 805p Oregon & California Expresi— Sac-
,. ramento, Marysvllle, Reddtog,
": " - ' r -'¦ Portland, Puget Sound and East. 8-55 a
;tSA0r Hayward and Kiles.. tH-SSA
COAST LINE (*arrow Uange). .
_.'••¦' (Foot of Miuket Street.) ¦ ¦ "¦
8.15a Newark, . Cent«rvllle. Ban Jose, . ',
. Felton, BoulvJcr Greet, S«nt»
' Cruz and Way Station! 6-509
t2»i5p Newark, Centerrllle. San Jose,
¦ •;'-.- New Almadcn, Felton, Boulder' .
' ¦- ¦ ' ; - Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
¦''.¦-¦ Way Stations...;..........;....;. 10.50a
! 4.15r Newark, San Joie.Lcs Gatog....... t8.E0A
«9-30p Hunters' Tnln— San Jose and Way ¦ -
Stations .: 17.20*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FKAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8>
— n:13 »:00 11:00a.m. 1.00 3.00 6.16r.M.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +3:60 JS:Ct
tt:03 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2-00 400 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Gauge).
_• ¦ (Third and Townsend 8treeti.) ..
8.10a San Jose and Way SUtlons ¦• 6.40a
7 00a San Jose and Way Station*..... ... t8.0<U
- 7.00a New Almaden. /4.10*
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Sallnan, San Lais Oblipo,
Santa. Barbara, Lo* >.ngele* and V
¦ Principal Intermediate Station*. ' 10.45*
000a San Jose, Trcs Plnos, Santa Cruz,
- . Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Lot* .
. ' r ~c . ' . ' Oblspo and Principal Intermedt- ¦; ¦
ate illations... 4.10*
10.30a San Jose and Way Station* ' 83Sa
11.30a San Jose and Way Station* ' 9.46*
t2.45r San Mateo, Kedwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto, Santa Clara, San Jose,
' Tret Plnos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
. ' Del Monte, Monterey and Paciflo
- Grove... t10.4SA
5-30p San Jose and Way Stations 1.30*
t4-15p San Jose and PrincipalWayStatlon* 6-30*
4.60P Sunset LImltnd— Monday, April 7tb.
14th, 21st, for Lo* Angeles. El
Paso.New Orleans and New York. —
- '*. Last train leaves New Orleans
April 14th....... 10.15a
tS.OllP San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
¦ - Way Stations.. .;.. • ...19.00a
j 6-30P San Jo^ejjnd Principal Way Station* - 630r
. 6.30P San Jose and Wny Station*.: 740v
I 7 .OOP New Orlean* Express — San Lull :
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Lot An- . , V'j ¦
' i geles, Demlng. El Paso, New
¦ ¦".''¦ Orleans and East.... 11.30a
•1 1 45p San Joic and Way Station* ........ 7. 3Qy
A for Morning. - .. P tor Afternoon.
.. t Sunday excepted. • J. t EaBday only. ! - : . -, ¦ .
', " tL Batnroiayonly. ' J"Taeidays »nd Friday.
" ¦ ' •:'•-¦ . ¦-, ¦ > i.- > ./ , = ¦ \ '.¦._.-¦ i
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiv.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
" : . I Local I Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily .Dally Dally Daily
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced:. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:15 a 10.50 p
- " Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05a
" Visalia.. 3:39 p.. 5:00a .....;.
" Bakersfld 0:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City ....... 2:40a 7:30a.......
.*' Chicago 2:15p 9:00p.......
a for morning, p for afternoon. ¦ •:
' 9:00 a. m. ' train ¦ is the California Lim-
ited, carrying: Palace Sleeping Cars and
' Dining Cars through to Chicago. I -Chair Car
runs to -Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local i first-class passengers. ' No ; second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a.m. daily.
,4:20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
' local. . Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally. -- >•• - \- '¦'¦.. ¦•,• ¦ :.
. . 8 p.' m. . Is. the Overland Express, with
-through Palace and Tourist.. Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
, Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily. : ;. ¦ . .:
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points inSan Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 -Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway;
'Oakland.' '-. ' . ¦ . . V • ¦¦ - -¦ ;< .
;,-.-.¦- ¦ . =
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN 1 FRANCISCO AND NORH • PAC1F15
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRAKOISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYSt-7:30. 0:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
' 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. . Thursdays — Extra.
¦ ' trip . at 11 :S0 p. m. Saturdays — Extra . trips
at 1:80 andll:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 p. m. . li.
,' SA1V RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 0:10, 7:50. 9:20,- 11:10. a. -m.;'
.12:45, 3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra
.trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m. * .
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:i0.
• 5:05. 0:25 p. m. :;¦ •:.•¦: . • ¦ -
¦ . Leave .-I • In Effect I Arrive '
- San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 190l| San Francisco.
.Week I .Sun-- I .¦ : : .1. Sun- I Week
¦ Days. | days. I Destination |. days., | : Days.
. 7:30am 8:00am. Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
- 3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, ti :0.1pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
< • ; ' Fulton, . *
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
> ,. . 5:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am r
.•¦".; Lytton, ' !,'
; •' ¦• Geyservllle,
.3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:33pm 6:20pm
7:30am 3:00pm . Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm -8:00am and" Ukiah.' 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am i. ¦ ¦ : - " 10:40am 10:25am
-. ,S :00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm ' : *, ¦ 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
-' : • - -•:.». and . ' ; ¦. ¦ ; ¦,
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
~7 :30am I 8* :00am I " lloTSbamllO :25am
3:30pm| 5 :00pm |. Sebastopol. |.7:35pm[ 6:20ptn
: .Stages connect* at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and .White' Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for. Altruria;: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
: for -- the Geysers; , at 'Hopland :- for ' Duncan
-Sprlngr, 'Highland Springs, KelseyvUle. Carls-
bad - Springs. '¦ Soda Bay. - Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; -at Uktah for Vichy. Springs. 'Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes,- Laurel Dell Lake,'- Witter
¦ Springs,? Upper - Lake, ' • Porno, Potter . . Valley,
John • Day's.- Riverside,- 1 Llerley's, • Bucknell's
*Sanhedrln Heights, Hullville, Orr"s Hot Springs,
Mendocino City; Fort - Bragg, Westport. Usa),
Willis. Laytonvllle. Cummins, , BeJl'g Springs.
HarrUi,'Olsen's.' Dyer, Scotia and Eureka. .
¦ • Saturday to Monday, round-trip tickets at re-
duced ' rates. ¦ . • '. ; " ¦,'.*-*'. v :.C - . -.- :- • : ..-
'•¦¦'. On i Sundays round-trip tickets to/" all points
•beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ •, ,
-- ". Ticket office;; 650 V Market "-. street, - Chronicle
building.^ - . - • . .
' H.C. WHITING, ¦- R.X..RYAN/
' .Gen." Manager.. - : .- Gen. Pass.. -Agt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6iIO KEABXY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, f^«t Manhood. Debility or
(linens'* wearlngnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctoreures when
others f&lt.v Try ' him. ¦- « 'horges low. .
<:nr«>i»trm»rnn<e*d.. Call or write.
S>r. 4. F. V I SBO.\, ban Francisco. Cal. ¦
BIEDICAL. .
A,— DR. O'DONNELL world-renowned special-
_^Ul. — Ladles, all who arc sick or in trouble.
"3 <^>r:Eult the specialist- on female complaint! 1 :
tnenstrunl female complaints ro s ' tively cor "
rccted; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cas^s takpn; the most difficult cases treatfd;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
f. delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DrtN-
-L. office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. Bth.
D. WTETH- Well-known reliable ladicb'
ialist; instant relief g-uarantwd: home in
lnement: hours ft to 5 and « to S. Us-
ed to IOCSV2 Market tt.. opposite 5th st.
D KOHL — Well-known ladies* special-
removed to KW4 Market St., opp. 5th
hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m. ¦
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerero St.. near ISth —
Graduate of Royal University. Berlin; has 25
years' experience in midwifery cases: takes
ladies before end during confinement; best
rnotheriy care; infants adopted; confinements
$15; room and board $5 week; consult me be-
fore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
ilRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital! home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market st.. opp. Emporium.
ilRS. D. ALLEN. 11 IS Market— Reliable ladies'
sreeiaMrt ; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES' original
ireihod of treatment; maternity home; horns
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
DR ROPEX. ladies' reliable and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007% Market; avoid delay; $10.
PR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Vr.ion square; all diseases cured by herbs. .
MOXEV TO LOAN.
1?ERMAN~MURPHY. CO^eoT&taEiiner'blg
$4.5y0,O00 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages
, On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held in Trust..
. . .Undivided Interests in Real Estate
ife Insurance Policies; Estates in Probate.
ir.aricial Problems' of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
>e HERMAN MURPHY, C01-602 Examiner.
-MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). ~
;CO,(kiO at 5^ and 0 per cent jn sums to suit;
ty. Oakland. 'Town and Country Property;
cond mortgages, life Insurance and tsecuri-
«=: loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
rests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
liise above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
3.. CROCKER BUILDING.
r AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
r irst. st-cond and third mortgages. . . . ,
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.....'
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN .-.
24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer- ,
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms 16, ;
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary et.; phone Red 1603.
. ' i
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain '
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates.- Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 i
..Market et.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on fur-
niture cr pianosj no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 3fl Geary et...room 36.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal; I
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY,
26 Montgomery St.. room 7, opp. Lick House'.
>^RIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
«rre, pianos: no removal: low rates: conflden-
tia.1. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
£. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
Or. furniture, pianos: do removal; money Quick;
lowest interest: ea«y terms: no brokerage; r»-
liable party. 1170 Market et., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos]
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 TTP on furniture, pianos: no com.: private
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy. rtn. 72, 4th fir. .
O. A. LANE, Mills building, will loan eum» to i
suit: interest low; also easy payment loans. :
Prirate party; confidential; lowest rates; pianos [
& furniture: no removal. Garthels. 208 Post.
CN"E per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
flOOO; any security. 302 Montgomery et.. r. J,
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
CAEH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser.' MORRELL. CO9 Examiner bldg.'..
3</r ON furniture and pianos; $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room 81, 6 Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
ctrlctlr prirate. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home 1 will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL, 222 Sansome st. '
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST end best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1C pages, cent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
BARGAIN sales may "come arid go," but we
•'go on forever" selling good pianos at a rea-
sonable price and giving customers full value
for what they pay for. We cell the cele-
brated Decker, Wissner, Baumelster - and
Etodard pianos and warrant every one to be
Just what we represent. Low prices for pay-
ments and a good discount for all cash. THE
yXQ MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St.
ALTHOUGH Tnnny seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
asd terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that *e can not only duplicate them, but can
c£er exceptionally fine pianos and largest
ersortment of bert makes to choose' from.
SHERMAX. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.; Broad-
Tray and Thirteenth ets., Oakland.
AS our new building and hall is not quite
completed we are making a cut on all "our
pianos. Sooi« special bargains — 1 Knabe, $95;
1 Heine. $185; 2 Stelnways. $165; 3 Chicker-
ings, $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares,
(15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Fecond-hand upright pianos from $55 op.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ.- CURTAZ St
SON, 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering. -Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
¦within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OTarrell et.; established 1850.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 931 Market
ft.. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. -¦
fcVALL upright. $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos, $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275.
Bowers & Son. 23 Cth st., Ivers & Pond agts.
rPRIGHT piano, $100; splendid bargain; bent
renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
ECOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes rt.
ENAP — 2 new $450 high grade uprights dropped
from catalogue. $250. BRUENlV, 208 Post.
ENAP— 2 only, new, $450: high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue,$250, Brnenn,20S Post.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano; eacri-
account death in family. 1000 Van Ness.
ABMOST new large size Steinway upright left
CD sale; bargain. 235 Geary »t. v
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
BARGAIN, gTeat sacrifice; 2 uprights nearly
new. JQS. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, sithers. old end new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham . place.
OFFICES A.SH STORES TO LET.
EMMA EPRECKELS building, 927 Market St.
Light, cheerful offices, $15@25 per month-
light, heat. Janitor and telephone. . - .
CIGAR etore to let; fixtures for eale. 653
Howard st. -* - • ¦ ¦ -
PART of office, $5. 130 Eansome St.. room 8.
6TORE with large basement, below Kearny- al
teratlons to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room ll
OIL.
OIL tanks, 2nd-hand. In good order; all clzes*
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale «t.
PAISTERS AXD DECORATORS.
Booms papered $3 up; painting & tinting done"
Hartman Paint Co.. 313 3d ft.; -tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get flgureii j"
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
"JCJf. E. PEARCE. scientific business palmist.
jKriors 9 and 10. The Vendome. 1104 Market
ct.; hours 10 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; horoscopes cast
by mall, $1 ; palmistry taught.
MME. O. L.' NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 7O0
Post St.. corner of. Jones; phone Polk 837. .
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist.' 514
~ Taj'lcr «t.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black 661.
"real"' estate: — -<jity— for ; sale:.,
real estate for sale . ,
BY C. S. CAPP '&' CO;, •'.-.,.¦. - V
• -. • '. Real . Estate Agents,
..CSO Market Street.-. ./ ','¦-?
Post. bet. Octavla . and . Laguna — Lot . 26x90;
old improvements. ¦.'-';¦ "••;'¦
Pierce and California— Double corner, ¦ 50x120, 1
with six neat modern houses; well rented. %
. Alpine, near 14th — Lot 25x10*0; fine view. i
Jones, near , Jackson — Large lot . and 7-room
house; very cheap.'.,. ¦' ' ' .'
California Kt., near Walqut— Cars pass; -two
houses, ti rooms and , bath and 4 rooms and
bath; 45 feet of frontaee. •• ¦-..'•
Geary St., opposite Hamilton square^— House,
¦2 'stories, 7 rooms and bath; lot 22:6xS2:6.l- .->'
Eureka 'st., between 17th and ISth — Lot 50x
120 r with one-story cottage,- 7 rooms and 'bath
and stable; $4000. V ;
- Eureka st., between 17th and 18th — 3 flats, 7
and 8 rooms and bath and 4 rooms and bath;
$0000. - , . / >-
. O'Farrell, between Polk and Van Ness-^Lot
27:(ixl20.to rear street, with 4 houses; well,
rented.
Arlington, between Natick and Roanoke — Lot
43x51 -to 59 feet; only $300. ¦ > ' %,
Golden Gate ave., between Pierce and Scott —
3-story bay-window house, 10 rooms and. bath.
McAllister St., between Pierce and : Scott —
Fine lot, 26x137:6. :
Several cheap cottages at the Mission, near
Castro st. ; easy terms if desired. ,- ' • : ¦
Sanchez, between 16th and 17th — Lot 25x100.
- Turk, between Buchanan and Websteir — Lot
51x120. with six houses and flats; all. rented. .
Folsom, bet. 3d and 4th — Large lot; old im-
provements; rents S100; suitable -for a hotel or
factory. " . • • „ ¦ ' . • ' .
Fine residence in Oakland, overlooking Lake
Merritt — Magnificent viewj, and large lot; for
sale or trade for city property.
Two lots in Holladay Map .A cheap.
Several cheap cottages near . Castro st N ; easy
terms. if desired.
Sancher. bet. 14th and 15th— 25 or 50x100.-
, Cheap lots in Bernal Homestead ; $10 per
front foot;. near Mission road., '; ¦
Arlington, near Natick — Large lot cheap. . . '
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS. -\
We Excel in Prices and Locations..
$100 to $400— Graded Ocean Boulevard lots;
air bargains; $5 monthly. '
$500 to $1000 — Beautiful Sunset lots; splendid
view of Park and Ocean; all graded; on easy
installments.
Sunset branch office, Ninth ave.. near H st.
$400 to $800— Unexcelled Richmond building
lots; $10 monthly.
$1000, . $1750. $2500 to $3500— Modern cot-
tages; all bargains; choice locations; easy,
terms. . - ;. .'V \V-,-: :
'¦¦;' SOL GETZ & BROTHER. '.
Room 54, Chronicle building. V
A. E. BUCKINGHAM REAL ESTATE
26 Montgomery St., room 11.. V
Rents collected; full charge taken of property.
$43,500— Cor. 60-vara; Turk; 3 frontages; fine
location for apartment house, flats, etc.
$41,000-*Good investment; Mission, nr. Sixth.
$17,600 — Three very stylish new sunny flats. 8
rooms; choice location; rents $150.
$10,500 — Good buy; store. and flats; Larkln st.,
near Geary; rents $70. • > . • ¦' . .
$10,000 — 3 sunny new 7-room fiats, near Golden
Gate Park; grand view; rents $105.
$5,250 — Fine 5 and 6 room fiats; on Stevenson
et., near Thirteenth; rent $45.-
$2,375 — Cheap; north side Clay st., near Lyon; ¦
: fine adjoining lot, 27:6x100; for $3000.
$l,e50 — Dirt cheap: NW. corner Sanchebz and
Alvarado sts. : 26: 6x105 feet.
HOUSES— SUNSET HEIGHTS— LOTS. ,
Installments; Eleventh ave.. H and I sts., nr.
entrance Park music stand; cars pass property.
A. E. BUCKINGHAM, 26 Montgomery, room
11. Branch ¦ of flee. Sunset. 1215 Ninth ave.' - "
$150 AND $250 EACH. "
$25 DOWN; $5 AND $10 MONTHLY.
Nothing to equal them In this city. /
Come early; take choice of 60 level lots In
Excelsior Homestead at half price.
Near Mission st. end electric can.
No grading; all fenced; Spring Valley water;
selling fast; see them to-day.
Get off cor. Mission st.' and Brazil ave. ; walk
short distance to Madrid et.
Mr. Al Smith, resident asent, 450 Edinburgh
st., will show lots Sundays.
' V ' SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room 54, Chronicle building.
FIFTY lots in the tide lands in the city and
• county • of ' San Francisco, belonging . to the
Hale estate, were sold at auction on March 1
.-21; the. time. for, confirmation of Uus.sale.by.
". the Superior Court has been set for April 26,
• at 2 o'clock p. ,m.,.in Department 9; any per-
son may appear in court " on that day and
overbid the purchasers;- the highest bidder, if
the price is • satisfactory to the court, will
-secure the property.' For other property- of
• the estate for sale same day see "Country
Real Estate" and "Financial" columns of
this paper. For all information, apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON,,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers, room '22,
• ; Chronicle building.
JOSEPH STRAUB. ~~
850 Market st., corner Stockton.'
• 5 -'£. •¦.-'.'¦' Telephone Grant 177.-;. ->¦;.: ,
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bought and Sold.'
Rents Collected. •¦••;¦¦ y-.-- ¦ - -
CHEAP, new cottage 5 rooms; all modern Im-
provements; large lot; high finished base-
ment; on 8. "F. and San -Mateo car line:: See
. owner on premises, Chenery and Fairmount
t.ts: ; small amount cash, balance like rent. , ',
SOUTHEAST corner of Harrison and Langton
sts. ; 76x75. with improvements; . make an'
offer. PATTERSON & CO., 11 City Hall
¦ square. .-_.;¦ .. : :- •• ¦ '...
$5500— MUST be sold; $3000 cash only; renta
$60. Apply 2623 Butter St., near Lyon. :
. REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY— For Sale
THE Hale ranch, near Mountain View, Santa
¦ Clara County, was sold at auction on March
22 in nineteen subdivisions: the time for con-
firmation of sale by the Superior Court has
' beea set for April 28. at 2 o'clock, p. m.,;in
Department 9 ; any person may appear in
court on that day and overbid the purchasers;
• the highest bidder, if the price is satisfactory
to the court, will secure the property.' For
other property of the estate for sale same
day, see "City Real Estate', 1 and "Financial"
columns of this paper. ' For all information, '
apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON,
-' Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers room
22. Chronicle building.
FOR- SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre; on Rancho
' Cotatl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing' rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl. Co., -302 California St., for.
.pamphlets and information. .
FOR sale— 152 acres of farm and orchard" land,
4% miles to railroad, with or without stock,
. etc.; no agents. 330% Sixth St., 9 to 12 a. m.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, '.peach and tfrune
-lands to sell; right locality; big money; easy
payments. HE ALY & CARR, 927 Mkt, r. 208.
Santa Clara Valley, San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER..' WHITTON A
.. MONTGOMERY, 634 Market,, S. F., & Ban J.
CASH for. your country or suburban property.
Land Dept., ¦ American • Guaranty . and Trust
i Co., Hayward building. : ,
CHOICE cduntry lands for sale.. Land Dept.,
AmerlcanGuaranty&Trust Co., Hayward bldg.;
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In tht
• United States or Canada one year for $1.'
- SUUUnBAN REAL ESTATE.
ROSS VA1 LEY— 10-room furnished house, near
. station, . for rent from June 1; rent $60 per
' month. . J. TUNSTEAD.»San Angelmo. ' ¦¦'-.:,'
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENT^
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
.. . OAKLAND REAL 'ESTATE. ¦
$5 CASH ; $2 50 monthly ; 2 lots, 25x256; price
. $39 each. ... . , .... ; , . ..
'.',: $20 cash. $5 monthly; lot 100x100; price $°50
in all. ¦ • ¦. •- . , '" -¦¦--,¦.'• • :.--. , -,. /;
' $50 cash. $5 monthly: 4 lots, 100x100; tre«s
and shrubberies: price $300. ¦ '
'$75 cash, $7 50 monthly; 8 lots, 100x200; fine
oaks and laurel trees; price $575. '
: $65 caah; $10 monthly; 200x200; price $985 In
all; line solU- grand view;. superb climate; near
electric car line; .fine school; building up rap-
idly with a good class of people; no fogs nor
raw winds;; adjoining East Oakland; call or
send f or ' circular. • : 455 : Seventh st.; • opposite
Broadway station, Oakland;- carriage free. H.
Z. JONES. Owner. ". .,•.¦¦ . : . ' -. ..;-•:-. ..^f.
THREE lots together, 150x131 feet, with " 6-
room house , and large cellar.- In Oakland
Township. -for aale at $1700. -Bwc 1588/ CalU
OAKLAND FtiUNITURE POR\ SALE^
FURNITURE good and cheap thlTTnonJST^iL
. SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.. Oakland. - '
Mill Valley Adyertisements/
'31ILL' -VALLEY, REAL ESTATE.'
S. ''• H.". ROBERTS, : real ; estate • and insurance,
' * Mill ; Valley, . Cal.— Houses to rent, furnished
.. •¦ and .unfurnished,, by the season or year;lm-
' proved and : unimproved property • for sale. •
; -: } RAILWAY TEAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
: Via. Sausallto . Ferry,
¦' . Commencing September ™J, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
¦ • , AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS—^:55. 8:30, «a:30. 11:00 a.m..
•1:45.. 3:15.- 4:15. 5:15. •6:15,.«:45 p.m.
EXTRA 'TRIPS — For Mill Valley -and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays
at 9:30 and 11:40 p.- m.
SUNDAYS— •8:00. 9:00. *10.:00. »ll:30 a. m..
|*1:15. 3:15, *4:45. 0:30. 0:30 p. m. ".f'J'wglftSi
Traln3 marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:23. 6.27. 7:45, 8:35.CiO:15
ai m., '12:2s, 2:15.'*3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m. • '
¦ •-: EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p? m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, • '8:00, •10:00. *11:45 a. nx.
•1:40, "SrlS, 4:45, *<*:30 p. m.
i -Traino marked <•) start from SamQuentin.
¦ FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:00
a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA .TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.-/jWMM
SUNDAYS— «:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15.
3:30. 5:00. 6:45 p. m. -.
• ...... THROUGH TRAINS. . .
• 6:55 a..m. week, days— Caradero ¦ and way
:• 1:45 p.m. Satufdays^ — Duncan Mtlla and way
staticna. •". ' - ' . . '-
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan -Mills and way
stations. °-n?P'*4rt ' - - - . . '
¦ ¦ Fairfax, Sundays — 8:00, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30
a. m. 4P M NMP*2w0Mh^BHH^HoM|MMaBMH3
-Leral Holiday boats and .trains will run-on
Sunday; time. r t - " ¦
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry . " Amve ,
' San Fran. • Foot of Market St. San Fran.
»-30 a. 8:00a. tMmtltt fcmT- „ w 1.00 r. 9:45 a.
1:4-3 ?. 10:00a. .-wii. 1. a,. « n urn 3:0 ° '• r >
4U5 r. 11:30a. '^^ *!, * 4:25 f. b& R
l:15r. 1 :, |5i65r.
«wwtoa 5 «, ui)usu:sTUua«dSJiosiun>rau&- : I
-¦¦--¦ •...,-THE YOUNG WOMAN, AND THE DENTIST WHOSE WOOING LED; TO
, A FEUD WITH'rFOOTBALI> FLAYER'S BROTHER AND A PITCHED
BATTLE IN UNION SQUARE.' \ ~ .• r . : . • ., '£}
some fellows following after them, but
¦they turned back when the light began.
I think they showed what they were when
they^brought my name Into the case In
complaining to the police. 1 "* My friend and
his brother would • never have- done such
a thing if they had been licked."-
¦'. SUES : FOR - AN ACCOUNTJNG.— Michael J.'
Mullens is suing his partners, Lawrence "White
and Owen Malia, for, an . accounting and'disso
lution "of partnership.' . They;' conduct. a: saloon
at • £31 7 Larkin street." -^Bm
Willis S. Hubbert; has /commenced \ suit
against the Wild Goose : Mining \ and Trad-,
ing ¦ Company ' for- $53,078 - f or ' Injuries' re
ceived An a.fall down' the hatch? of 'the
steamer Charles D. Lane,^ which ; Is i owned
by the company.'-. He charges that hia fall
was due to the company's neglect to prop
erly light the vessel, -i . vV.I
Demands Heavy Damages.
New Head of Sacramento Division.
R. J. Laws, ; for . many .years_ v superin
tendent: of the Carson and Colorado Rail
way Company, which ' is a part: of . the
Southern" Pacific Company, has: been 'ap
pointed superintendent of the Sacramento
division. . vice F. E. Prior, • who has been
assigned to other -duties. P. J.-McGrath
has been • appointed ;* trainmaster :. of
Carson and . Colorado .. Railway. : Company,
and all employes heretofore' reporting to
i^ws have : been Instructed to report to
him. '--¦'. ' ¦ : .;-'i--. ,¦¦"., <¦> •-. ' . ,- ¦
At the semi-monthly meeting of the
Point Lobos Improvement Club held las t
night a committee consisting of, John T.
Williams, Captaln'H. Lepnhardt and V$i\
11am M. de -Wolf was appointed to urge
upon the Board -of Public Works the
opening, grading .and macadamizing of
Twenty-fourth street, from Point Lobos
avenue to Fulton street. O. K. Cushing
presided and Dr. H. A. Nlemeyer acted as
secretary. il££BS9RHSPr - ¦ ¦
Club Wants Street Opened.
By the rubbing- of aji improperly : finished
skirt - edge. S.- -H.' &' M.r- bias -velveteen
saves skirt and shoes and 'gives ¦ elegant
finish. See . that^.S. ¦ H.; & ;.M._ls , on. back
of every yard -you buy. \ . . . • ' . • : •
Shoes Are ; Often* Ruined
Kaufman claims he . was not with the
gang at the time Robinson was shot,. but
he was informed of the facts early that
morning, and •• at once got under cover.
He remained hidden with ! Woods, who
was shot twice by Robinson, and he told
where they were sheltered and who aided
them to escape north. These \ abettors
will probably be in custody to-day if they
have not. already taken fright from tha
fact that Kaufman .was brought back,
and sought safety in flight.
. Kaufman • attributes the actual killing
to Woods, who fired four shots into the
body of Robinson, and who on return was
wounded . twice by the officer. Henderson
was also shot by the policeman as he was
running away. The other man ' now in
custody is James Courtney, alias "Lead
vllle Jimmle," now wanted in New York
State for murder.-
All that the police desire to know re
garding the murder of- Policeman Eugene
Robinson on the morning of December 21
was divulged last night to Captain of De
tectives Seymour and Di3trict Attorney
Byington by Louis | Kaufman, alla3 "St.
Louis Fat,'*" the suspect who was brought
back from Fort Williams, Ont., by De
tective Wren and Policeman Taylor Sun
day night. From the moment of the sus
pect's arrival it was evident that if prop
erly, handled he would be willing to di
vulge the entire story of the acts of the
murderous gang of thieves who occupied
the 'Turk-street flat, and to whom the
death of Policeman Robinson was due.
As far as the actual killing was concerned
the case was fairly conclusive against the
four men now in the tanks on suspicion
of being connected with the murder, and
"Kid" Goucher and "Brownie," who are
still at- large, but the desire or the police
was to get the names of the men who
disposed of the plunder which was the re
sult of the thieving operations of the
gang.
This information was given Captain
Seymour last night by Kaufman, and he
Is now in the possession of the names of
the men. who peddled the spoils stolen by
the other six. thieves. It is not claimed
that either of these was privy" to the
murder, but in - addition to acting as
fences, they: sheltered all of the gang
after the crime. was committed except
Henderson, who was so- badly wounded
that he could not. escape; and fell into
the hands of the police near the scene of
the shooting. -.:¦'¦'¦
\ Gertie' is the fair Helen of this Troy
square. She is Mrs. .Gertrude Piper, or,
as she chooses now to.be known. Miss
Gertrude -Aiken. That was her name-be
fore she married Fred Piper of. Piper will
fame, and it is again -since. her youthful
husband agreed that she should take half
of his inheritance of. $100.000. and-.with* a
divorce decree go her. separate way. Dr.
Brady, whose patient ' Gertrude's
had been, became a suitorandwas looked
upon with favor until young McNevin en
tered the lists. -Presently- 1 Gertrude
scarcely - kri'ew her i Own 'mind.' Then
trouble began. McNevin says. that Brady
and his bosom, friend.' Dr. Chase, spread
tales about Mrs. Piper. Brady and Chase
say that McNevin talked flippantly about
the young .woman. Both McNevin and
Brady denied to her. that they had said
the things alleged. > Finally Dr. Brady
told; Mrs. Piper that" McNevin had told
him in Dr. -Chase's presence that he was
going with I her only 'I or the money there
.was in it and had flashed a diamond ring
of - hers and said he "could soak ; it for
Mrs. Piper ¦ repeated this to 3 McNevin.
He hotly denied it and -said he would- tell
them in her presence -that they had. lied.
That was Monday afternoon. She at onc«
telephoned to Dr. - Brady, and asked' if he
could see 'thems atrhls office. Finally : it
was agreed that he should meet them in
the square at 10 o'clock. He said he would
bring Dr. Chaise along, fi McNevin at once
decided that' he needed the Amoral 'sup
port 1 of ' his V brother. -Harry, who "is well
fitted for a stunt* of vthat sort by reason
of . a long experience in the Olympic I and
Reliance ¦; football ,• teams. So -the armies
began -to-be, recruited. , Man may never
know howlmany fought or -the full list of
casualties. ¦ It' is -suspected that the foot
ball player did all -the 'damage. • Dr. Brady
has' a 1 lovely - black eye. Dr. Chase lost
a tooth and acquired a black eye and some
bruises; * not ' many,.' however, -for. a man
who . was ' tramded* underfoot by v a horde
of Goths "and , Vandals. Then ; there is the
hole in McNevin's ; head. ; The man that
Chase Jlcked;,- the; three that Brady en'
gaged and .< the ¦ bunch ! through ; which - Mc-
Nevin -fought 1 his way i have not yet given
an Inventory of, their. wounds.* * : • /::
Mrs'/ Piper- and. a young woman friend
who/was with her r _sought safety in flight
when trouble V.. began, but stopped s and
.viewed . the <¦ battle > f rom ; the doorwav of
the. Pacific-Union Club.. ; \ -.
i is. all. nonsense about a gang,", Mrs.^
PJper said : last evening. ; ; "I . didn't sup
pose • there . would' be a • fight and I wanted
to^find out .which .side 1 had', been talking
about^ me: *,' I " aw ' not. ' mentioning ; any
names,' but my-friend- and his brother, had
no gang with them.:; Brady and Chase had
Tale of Love a»d War.
with a club." William McNevin, brother
to the football player, says. "You can
feel the hole there on top. Oh, maybe I
wasn't right there with the goods. ;I
wasn't looking for trouble, but they can t
talk about you, Gertie. I would have
died right there to protect your eood
name." . "
,
Police Have All Facts
of the Robinson
Murder.
The suicide '¦was about' 43 years of age
and was a well-known character . in the
northern part of the city. His father was
a pioneer and erected a soap factory on
the present site of the. power-house at
Mason and Washington streets. The son
inherited about $50.000 ' worth of property
on Bernard. Jones and Pacific streets
from his mother, who died about -fifteen
years ago. The lots were mostly occupied
by ehacks and the property ¦was not very
productive, so Russell mortgaged it for
nearly its entire value to the Hibemia
Bank. Notice of foreclosure was served
on him Tuesday and this is supposed to
have prompted him to end his existence.
He had been in the habit of sleeping in
one of his shacks.. which, he rented to a
Japanese named Tasuda Masuichi, and he
went there yesterday afternoon about 4
o'clock. Two hours later the Japanese
'ound the dead body lying before the
flressing case and a razor lay by the side
if the corpse. . . . . . ... .
Russell was at one. time a partner in
Confronted with a foreclosure of a
mortgage on his property, the proceeds
of which had been dissipated in former
years, Horatio Russell, a native-born San
Franciscan , put an end to his life last
night. He stood before a mirror-and with
a razor nearly severed his head from, his
body. He inflicted .two '.cuts 'upon' his
throat. The first one did not succeed in
bisecting the cartilage surrounding the
vocal cords, so a second gash was made
that must have proved almost immediate
ly fatal.
the contracting business with Harry de
Greayer. who was killed In the park about
eight years ago by Policeman • Harper,
the trial of whom for murder was one of
the historical criminal cases of this city.
Judge Fritz decided that the contention
of defendant's counsel was well taken
and held that the charter provision was
unconstitutional. .
The case was submitted on briefs. Col
onel Preston and ex-Judge Cope, who ap
peared for the defendant, contended that
subdivision 1, section A chapter 1, article
VI of the charter on which the ordinance
was based was unconstitutional, as it was
In direct conflict with section 19. article II
of the constitution, which authorizes indi
viduals and corporations to tear up streets
for the purpose of laying conduit pipes
under the supervision, of the Superintend
ent of Streets or Board of Public Works.
An important decision was rendered by
Judge Fritz yesterday regarding the
power of the Board of Public Works to
refuse to issue a permit to the.Indepen
dent Electric Light and Power Company
to tear up streets for the purpose of lay
ing conduit pipes. Judg'e FTitz held that
the board was acting beyond Its author
ity in such refusal. The defendant in the
case was Walter S. Dole, who was
charged with violating sections 1 and 2
of ordinance 2S8 of the Board of Super
visors by tearing up Kentucky street, be
tween Twentieth and Twenty-second,
without a permit from the Board of
Works.
KAUFMAN TELLS
ENTIRE STORY
Cannot Refuse Permit to
Corporations to Tear
Up Streets. .
Horatio Russell Ends
Financial Worries
With Death.
BOARD OF WORKS
GETS A SETBACK
NEARLY SEVERS
HEAD FROM BODY
In the United States Court on
Mondnjv April 14, Judge* Morrow, rendered
a decision enjoining, Fred -Kostering,
agent of the Los Angeles Brewing ..Com
pany, from using a^label on. his beer bot
tles which .is a; direct \imltatlon'- of ''that
used by the Seattle 'Brewing and Malting
Company on their Rainier, beer. •
Injunction' for . Use of ' Label.
. "I'm an "old" boxer,",. Dr. \ Chase >' says,
"just feel' my arm.' Don't think I
wasn't right there. But I 'couldn't*, fight
off such a mob. A. young lady came 'past,
afterward— she ¦ was much Impressed—
and she said it was ; the gamest; struggle
she had ever : seen — me against ; twenty."
"One of their gang hit me over the head
"He was a husky big cur. and they
agreed to let me fight him alone. I had
him whipped when they all Jumped me
again. 1 had struck him twice and he
fell forward right, into my arms.' I
caught him with my left arm. and wm
about to hit him again with my right
when some one jumped on my back and
dragged me down again. That toolc.the
heart right out of me."
The get-away of Dr. Brady is about
the only feature of the engagement on
which all- concerned are agreed.
"They came. with a gang," says 'Billy'
McNevin. "expecting to do me up. II had
my brother, the football, player,. . along,
and he is gang enough for • me. What
did I need a gang for; with him?therc . to
see fair play? When we mixed up i their
crowd, six or eight of them, came at me.
I had. to fight my way through them, to
get at Chase. While he .was down I, said,
'Get up. I'll give you a chance -to -. get
on- your feet,' but "he* lay. there -and,- said,
he hadn't done any stalking. - His; gang
had taken to their heels by that r time."
Fought the Biggest One.
TWO hosts met , in gory conflict
Monday night in Union Square,
and not satisfied, with the arbitra
ment of battle the principals on
one side will carry, the case . Into
court. Dr. George T. Brady and' Dr.
George M. Chase are the ' complainants,
and they charge William McNevin, Harry
McNeviri, John Doe Kenny and John Doe
with battery.
Brady and Chase say they were led
into a trap, ambushed and trampled r un
der foot by. an irregular force, composed
of at least twenty men. The McNevins
say the retainers fought under the other
banner, and that they themselves waded
through a hollow square before . they
reached the oculist and the dentist.
Dr. Brady says he fought three men to
a standstill, but when he found he was
pitted against half a score he decided it
was not the part of valor to stand still
any longer, and so discreetly took to his
heels. The McNevin version is that he
beat the starter's flag and sprinted down-
Stockton- street like a 100-to-l shot trying
to win a race in the first quarter. They
say he ran so fast that he fell down..
The oculist admits that he^ran, but says
lm was only going after his gun' and
forty rounds of ammunition. When he
returned the armies had dispersed;; ¦
"They came at us out of the bushes
on all sides, like Indians from ambush,
Dr. Chase, the dentis*. says. -"After. Dr..
Brady got away they ' all attacked me,
1 was knocked. down and- kicked about
like a football. They were thick all
around me. Some of them said, 'Get up
and fight us.' I said. Til not get up un
less you agree to fight me one at a time.
1 can whip that big ruffian there v/ho
kicked me in the. face.' ¦ ;-
12
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 17, 1902.
Dr* Brady Swears to Complaints A gainst Men Whom He Alleges Were
\ Leaders of Gang That Ambushed and Beat Him and Dr* Chase/
EACH THINKS OTHER'S RETAINERS
FOUGHT FOR HIS LADY'S FAVOR
Adanis' Sarsaparilla Pills. . j
;.i A spring • medicine for , constipation. Impure
blood, pimples, sallow complexion; 10c, 25c. • '
soap in : stick: form ;' con- ;
•' yeriierice and economy [ in v
¦shaving. ¦'."¦".. ¦
; It' isj the best and cheap-,
'est shaving soap. ,
Sold all over the world. .'
Timothy McMillan, who with John-.T."
Powers conducts the Old Glory > lunch?
house -at 821 Kearny ; street, filed a suit
yesterday to secure a dissolution. of the
partnership*. and^ an 'accounting. rMcMll-
fan alleges that Powers has converted the
receipts of the -business to his own use.
Says Powers Takes Receipts.
Our : annual , clearance . sale of over 1000
framed pictures 'at greatly reduced prices
commences to-day. Look out for genuine
bargains.. Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Mar-
ket' street. : i 1 >' *
Clearance Sale of Framed Pictures.
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
LEA & PERRIH'S SAUCE, tot- 20c
Limit 3 bots. The original and genuine
¦Worcestershire. Regularly 25c. • k
BUTTER, square.... /35c'
Choice creamery. . I
SARDINES, French, 3 tins — 25c I
Imported sardines, put up la
pure olive oil. Regularly 10c a. tin. .
KONA COFFEE, -Ib 20c
Finest quality. Roasted or snraad.
Regularly 23c.
PRESERVES, 2 jars 25c
Oakland Preserving: Co/».
Apricot and Peach. Regularly 20c a Jar.
TOILET PAPER, 3 rolls- .. — 25c
"White "Wins — flrst-claaa quality.
Regularly 2 for 23c
0 K WHISKEY, bot. 75, 3 bots. $2
Gallon, $3.00
Old, pure and nutritious. • v 1
Regularly $1 CO and $4 00. ;
TOILET SOAP, box of 3 cakes.. I5c
Kirk's celebrated Oat Meal. Glycerins
and Honey. Regularly 23c.
BLACKBERRY BRANDY, bot,. 50a
Recommended for medicinal use.
Regularly 85c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
89 STOCKTON ST., neap Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 5522.
For Stomach Disorders. .
... Cout and Dyspepsia
drink %
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water*
" 220 BROADWAY. N. Y. 7 .'
dvisiT DR.. JORDAN'S great4 ?
iHUSEUH OF AHATOMYK
9 i £& 1351 UA22S * -* • tet - 6&*7a. 3. T.Zil. A
i \ )^4 *^' >e t-usen Asatomica! Museum in the >
W »i.JtL'l_ World - Weakne«e» or »ny contracted A
i fl^^ft DR « JORDAN-DISEASES Or MEN()'. :
Jk i^W^U free »nd strictly prirate. \ :
P £ Jl?4t 0 Tr « r:oent P^'SonMly or by le:tet. A A
\ SL B nn *****" CVr * •¦ enr f «se undertaken. \ !
m r il lid Write for Eooic. ?BlLO«araY«f/)'
i O ; t* nhable book for men) V
V DILJonDAN A CO.. 1051 Market 8fc.S.F. P
GGKE! COm I
Cheap, Glean Fuel (or Grates,' Fur-
r There l» no fuel that win compare with coke.
Delivered .In any quantity. Country order*
solicited. P. A. MCDONALD. 813 FoUom it.
...FOR WOMEN • cpO.OU
ir xUvH TEE1
COULD TALK
They'd shout to you*— "Get the bast leathers made
ever thr best models, and we'll more than make it up to
If your feet are free from disc:mfort your mind .will be
the bitter equ'pprd to grapple with the business of the day
— of the f!) hour.
If /j? Tm you are a merchant, lawyer, doctor,
or prei v$ V 9 chcr— dub man or club woman—
you wa \\bL f nt .yout' mind un'.ramme!ed and
fres to 1 a] jt V ire: above the sordid thoughts of
aching >-jr**\jC^rt jointsor tecs.
The ' ':•'"¦ W^ Ik-Over Shoes come in no end
of soft leathers and pliable soles and JE* n a t u r a I . .
shapes. /$™\
They are "medicine to a mind *(.'- !\Sl^Ui diseased,"
from ch ronic toe and joint pains ¦ r* jSL , that gnaw,'
and gnaw, an J gnaw! I f §| /|A
All the time-tried and true lasts k^L^J"^ are here as '
Will as all the newest wrinkles. ,_.. . ;• . 'T .
Walk-Over Shoe Store,
F". F=*. WRIGHT & SON
g?li&» s^ .'.'S24-.6 MARKET ; STREETV^^^
Specif Sale
CHILDREN'S SUMMER
DRESSES ||
P SAireSUlTS.
. . ¦ Made • of -^ the best .Ginghams,
Madras, - Chambrays and. - Piques.
Dainty patterns and newest styles.
Not a dress among- them that isn't
worth way. above the : price adver-
tised.\ Sizes of - dresses, 4 : to 14
years. . . ;
' A EZs> toT Children's Colored Gingham
lOw , Dresses, • made of good material,
i neatly -trimmed, .-with double ruffle around
the yoke, edged with lace : two . styles , to
select from; -regular 75c value. ¦ . .
£*CT/- tor our dainty ! Percala . Dresses,
DOv white yoke, neatly trimmed with
ruffle edged. with lace or embroidery; extra
good-value at SI. . ...
'7KJ ft ' to-day vfor Children's ; Zephyr.
,-f Ow Dresses, - yoke . prettily trimmed
¦with rows of embroidery insertion, finished
,with . ruffles / of embroidery: - come in two
styles; we've sold similar ; dresses at $1 15.
QCf, for dainty Zephyr Dresses, long or 1
OOw short -waistedi yokes neatly, fin-
ished- with ruffle, bretelles. over the should-
ers,', trimmed .with braid;, $125, quality. . •.
; 'Qf?r» v '°r - those pretty • Grass Linen
.€/*Jw sailor Suits, one ' of • the new'
. Spring i styles, .trimmed. .with . blue < pique;
sold <elsewhere at $1.50. '
(1 IK 'to-day for fancy Zephyr
\«4>I»ttJ» • Dresses.T^prettiiymade. with
revers, * trimmed with - pearl . buttons and '
•embroidery; regular $l'75value. - - .-
'iC| v^PT ifor' Children's ¦ Sailor - Suits.
.«4J)l»Tt». made. of .flne." quality Grass
Linen,. 1 trimmed' with 'braid, -collar . aud
; cuffs ; of ¦' solid , blue . or red duck; regular
$2 25 value.;
: <j* fl -i »7 FS 1 for Striped Pique Sailor Suits,
;«tpi» C tF cuffs and collar of solid color
iprettily: trimmed with soutach*^ braid:
nothing; prettier for the children " Ithan
these - jaunty, little suits; -..regular price '
$2 50. * :; . ' . , - ¦,;, ¦. , . , . - ; , ¦ .. '
<C1 OR for .Mercerized: Chambray
tp»»CtF /Dresses,; yoke 'of. white pique ¦
double revers, , trimmed with ruffles of em-
(broidery, and pearl, buttons; 'many pretty
I styles to select from; sold elsewhere at ?3.
1212-1214r MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones.
'-X ;:, ,-We iClosB . at ; Six \<yciock. .
NEWMAN & LEVINSON. ~_'^"'-'X
New Cotton Draperies ||
Three exceptional values now being offered in the newest
and prettiest- of Cotton- Draperies — Colorings and designs
particularly adapted for Portieres, Lounge Covers, Bed
Spreads and Bedroom Curtains, also used . for Comforter
Covering
36 inch Double faced Hungarian cloth, in choicest OtT^.
Oriental and Bagdad stripes, at, yard <-^3C
36 inch Striped and Figured Cretonnes, light colored 1
grounds in entirely new designs, at............ IOC
32 inch Pretty Figured Denims, in latest Oriental t^
and floral effects, at, vard IZ2C
— : ; .
Ladies' Perfect Fitting Gloves
The following sold here only
Maggioni Kid Gloves 1 [¦
f r? • c a /~r best klnds
La Francis Suede Gloves I PA
Burlingame Cape Gloves j m§;
., Arabian Mocha Gloves J
Black Silk Grenadines
We. are showing spring importations, in entirely new weaves /
and designs, in plain, striped and brocaded — at exceedingly '
attractive prices:
24 inch Silk Striped Grenadines, value $1.00 yard, at... ?5c
42 inch Satin Striped Grenadines, value $1.25 yard, at.. £1.00^
45 inch Iron Frame Grenadines, yalue^i. 50 yard, at... $1.25"
45 in. Striped and Checked Grenadines, value $1.75 yd., $1.50
45 inch Silk Figured Grenadine's, value $2.50 yard, at..
Sale of Silk Hosiery
Ladies' fine quality plain black imported Silk Hose,
exceptionally well made with double soles and toes — C| AH
. never sold regularly for less than a pair, special at 0"""
An Underwear Special
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed .Silkoline Vests, iow neck and
no sleeves, for summer wear— Just the thing to wear in -
the country—and not too soon to buy and have in
readiness — for we don't know when we will have as
good an article at the price— They come in pink, blue, IZn
lavender, black and white — special at......^V..
fKearny and Suiter Sts. lj=—
Hale's. , "j Eale^s.
# WslJ Orders W^^ ___--p^^ ||. sale. j
7 Muslin Underwear, y
1 The muslin underwear department is again to the fore with a I
"# 'thoroughly interesting sale, some recent trade happenings m this line
\ having operated very advantageously for us— and for you. ¦
( 75c Qowns at s^c. . )
1 Six new. styles ladies' gowns— one of them Illustrated. They are §
M made of fine soft-finish muslin; high neck, low neck, square or \ neck. I \
fi ' trimmed with either embroidery, lace or hemstitched ruffle; yokes 01 1 *j
flne hemstitched tucks and embroidery insertion. i\
{ $1.25 White ("^^''"^1 Corset 1
C Skirts at 88c j \ Covers 8c/ I
• F " umbrella flounce, l/^/Pi' '^^^*\ '- ''J.2- • -r /
I ffl^noSn J^Cjb 'Wr-^I Chemise 25c, (
) . S£ ( C> \ 58*\ Ladles' chemise. J
/V : ' er styles with em- V J.^V) \ B made of good. If
1 broidery ruffle and B , I [| \ \ soft-finish muslin. %
% real hemstitched fl S // U \ 1 neck and armhoies £ t
\3- -'. ¦¦¦ tucks above. // ¦*/-' \ *m trimmed with neat 1
I White v : (.. I | " V V i n ic I
StirtUSc 7 /It I % W Drawers 15c-. 1
T „ .,„, ™.v,rr* W/m'y it ill \s,\ drawers: gool n
Vvfrta eood HJ/-V V ¦ %«' ra«»n. full size fl
£ U ;«fr fftfsh \?t // >V : I Vf « nd width: fin- |
Vv. broidery; length ** "" ta^ — - tucks ' ft
- *) and 42 inches. . y
Heavy Ribbon Sales, i
Very rapid ribbon selling here last week or else this big new lot |
of remnants would not now be offered you— and offered at prices so ||
low that they will surprise. Remnants are from H to iJ4 yards, and |^
there is not a' single undesirable one in the whole lot. m
FourStylish Wool Skirts |
Went through that splendid big stock of ours very carefully, and < I
. from it selected for this sale four styles that possess unusual mode^l
_ and price merit. - T.^l-^S ',':. -'"'¦/ .•;'¦•_, B
ac OO— 'E^ctra quality black cheviot— deep graduated flar© flounce, with 3
stitched band of silk moire around top of flounce— 6% yards g
around bottom. -
$ 7.50— Fine black cheviot, having 1 three double bands of stitched satin |
running from side of hips to a V-shape down the front— extra wide 1
. ' graduated flare flounce. . «
SIO.OO— Fine ladles' cloth, with a deep graduated flounce— and has I
three rows of narrow taffeta bands in the Grecian design running from j
flounce \o bottom of skirt. . q
So.OO — Good grade of cheviot, with satin band at top of deep graduated *
flounce— extra full skirt. .'•..: £
Special Value Stationery. 1
, One hundred and fifty-page canvas covered journal, leather bound - ¦ I
on qorners, extra quality paper Wi .25c each fl j
';?',/• Photograph album — for unmounted photos^ — cloth bindinjc and ||
." .-¦,-b'est quality gray paper— will hold ico pictures, size 514x7 »*P C BE