Solemn High Mass^
Will Qpen Day's
; v . ¦ services*
IRISH SOCIETIES WILL CO-OPERATE
IN PAYING A TRIBUTE OF SONG AND
ORATORY TO MEMORY OF ST. PATRICK
Continued on Page Three.
I;' 1 '.:^;Coritinued 'on :. Page-Two: \\K' : >\i\
; Continued on -Page; Two, .
made 1 by the bandarillas and picadoren.
Five hordes were killed In the rtog aa4
three, taken oui mortally, wounded,
' EL PASO, Tex.. March IS.— Fuentea and;
Mazzantitil, the Spanish matadors, fought
six bulls to death to-day at Juares, Mex
ico, in Hhe presence of; 10.00!) Americans
and ''Mexicans. The tight- was full of ac
tion-and-thrilling Incidt-nts from, s^tart to
finish,, and; many -narrow escapes were
Ten Thousand Spectators View tha
; Feats of Matadors at Juarez,
Mexico.
SLAY SIX MADDENED
BULLS IN , AN \ ARENA
; "'¦ Father ;* O'Neil ; said 'in part : ."Ireland
has submitted' to a, persecution so fie"nd-
IshHn > its nature that the history of. the
.world, fails* to record a ', parallel." 'Never
since -time began has such . persecution as
Ireland has endured for 'TOO years;* been
carried onl [And fall; because she wa3 a'
poor, weak nation, and her people were
.determined to .worship God ;as conscience
dictated. They have 1 ever loved 'their
"church and been true to their faith, ' and.
all ,the .persecution in the . world ' v could
never .; change ' them; ' '¦'} > ; •
'. ' ','All > that: has '.been done In the United
A St. Patrick's day sermon \ was deliv
ered last night by the^Rev. Father O'Neil
at St. Rose's , Church, oh Brahnan street,
nearj Fourth. The sermon" was given last
night In order that* many who : could riot
be' present to-day might have the. pleasure'
"ofLh'earing it. "The "huge , edifice \v>&z
crowded, to* the* doors. "_. 1
Large Congregation.
Father O'Neil Delivers Sermon Beforo
SPEAKS ON DAY OF PRAISE."
DEVILS LAKE. 2C. D., March '.. 15.— A
blizzard, the woret In ten- years, has been
raging for the part thlcty-eix hours. A
large amount: of enow has fallen. . All
railroad and other traffic la i entirely
transcontinental roads are , tied up here
And the passengers are being cared for
at hotels. The worst trouble is between
Valley City and Bismarck. Four freight
trains are stalled In the drifts between
these points and the rotarles are unable
to clear the track, the 1 wind filling the
cuts with snow again as soon as they
are opened. But little apprehension is
ielt for the safety of residents through
out the State, a hose who will fare worst
axe the. recent immigrants.* Many who
have arrived this week went on to their
claims with nothing but' tents or board
shanties, and their fuel supply, is limited.
Advices from the northwestern part of
tb« State are that old' settlerc are'driv
ing over the country and rounding: up the
"tenderfeet" to pee that no one Is frozen.
FARGO. N. D., March 16.— The storm
prevailing- in the western part of the
State Bince Friday struck Fargo to-day
In full force. The temperature is ten
degrees below zero.. All. trains in the
pared for the Storm.
JSTorth Dakota Immigrants Not Pre-
"TENDERFEET" IN DANGER.
The case was put in the hands of de
tectives", and.it is said the arrest of the
guilty >partles is now practically certain..;
Two unsigned letters were received from
the would-be ' kidnapers two months ago.
They , caused. consternation in the family.
Mrs. Peacock became ill, and thinking it
necessary that his- wife should have tho
services of distinguished New York phy
sicians, removed her" together with the
children to New York city, where they
have since resided.'
PITTSBURG, Pa., . March 16.-Repeatcd
threats to abduct his three children unless
a ransom of 525,000 were left in a certain
spot and a warning that murder would
follow the placing of detectives on the
case have caused Alexander R. Peacock,
former first vice president and general
sales agent of [ the Carnegie Company, to
remove his little 'family temporarily from
his Lexington-avenue home to the Hoi
land House, New York.
Anonymous Correspondent Worries
Alexander R. Peacock of the
Carnegie Company.
THREATEN. TO ABDUCT
MILLIONAIRE'S CHILDREN
¦; "SACRAMENTO, Cal.V 1 March 14.— John
Mulhcrn, i secretary ;kn!ghts' 1 . of : St. ; Pat-
Tick: Your Wlndj Invitation; to ; attend-: the'
Itwenty-seventh annual banquet of the'So-*
Corresponding-Secretary ' John'Mulhcrn
next read the ' following telegram from
Governor i Henry : T. Gage:. :
, PRESIDENT'S v WELCOME .
; Emery • delivered the opening
address, in which he extended "the hearti
est vrelcome of the Knights of St.* Patrick
to their guests. He spoke of "the divine
mission" of " St Patrick* and of > the; Intre
pidity of the Irish people in their strug
gles for liberty. St. Patrick's day at this
time was- one fraught with/tremendous
interest to" the Celtic; people. Ireland has
taken one more step Jn the direction "of
freedom, for in Parliament the' Irish cry
is being raised in behalf iof ; the Boer
cause— a cry that finds' its : echo' in the
uttermost ! .ends of the ; world, j Reference
was made to the • struggle being
carried on in South Africa and "if was
applied to the cause of Erin. ¦ The storms
of . centuries" had swept against : the Irish
people,, the only result being to cement
themjcloser'together In their struggles .for
freedom. Driven from their native heath,
the Irish founded new countries;In)Can
ada and in the United States/ They 1 were
tortured in their own country, but, exile
did not prevent them from sharing' In! the
responsibilities of a "citizenship " in the
greatest union of 'States' known to all ; the'
world. ' The speaker closed with an elcK
quent : peroration in which he extolled .the :
virtues of the Irish ' people : and ' predicted
that they would ultimately gain" the' free-'
dom for which .they have > so I long; been
striving. His closing, remarks were/re
ceived with prolonged applause.
enthusiasm, 'so that at. the end of a gas-,
tronomic exercise of two hours' duration
all were prepared to ; give President Emery
a ; royal deception \ on his assumption • of
the office of toastmaster. \
story, of -faith" and; hope ;und the 'story '6f ;
love of -the'chhcl for -its -native ;land.,, Tf ¦
,a^c'ouritry^is woVthy v the love, of its ihll-'
. dreri. V then ; patriotism is , a ; Qodfglvcn ; iri
rspiraribn. 1 '. 'This ' day : is 'big /with < sVriijus
{clety of Knights ,of St. Patrick , has ' this
day been given to . me by my secretary. ,
"If regret 'very much; that previous ' offi
cial engagements will prevent -my.; attend*
Ing on that.; pleasant 'occasion.':' I. sincerely
thank you ; ahd;the ¦ members of your-so
ciety; for your consideration and courtesy.
' . * ' ¦:• : "HENRYT. GAGE/?- i
•' A . letter/from ; Major: General rW/.R.^
, Shatter, '-dated .'at ' Bakersfleld, r was , read/
announcing that ¦ Ill-health prevented; " his
acceptance' of the invitation' extended y to
him to attend • the ~ banquet. ; .-, A i letterYof
regrets from Archbishop Rlordan, arid ex-*
pressing \ his \ best wishes 'for : the success
of 'the '' society, w' 8 - 3 .^ lso ' read. Each; mis-;
slve was' received with cheers." " -V- : I. ;]*?
-, \ COLEMAITS "ADDRESS.'
The first toast of the evening was .that:
of 7/'The Day; We '¦; Celebrate,'.' '; responded'
to .by James V. t Coleman. '; In the" course 1
of a brilliant' address Mr. Coleman '"said:'
..'. "The" celebration of '- the , Irish .anniver-'
sary, suchias this, if it did nothing. more"
than'recall burrecollectiori 'to; the achieve-;
nients • -.-. of . ' our ancestors, it would 1 ; bV
enough to Inspire sacred ¦ thoughts fofjth'e
future^, :ln ', every /country of ithe-j globs'
.where; Irishmen assemble^ to-day, .the love
of I Irishmen f for..': liberty will Ube forcibly,
'expressed.-..;-. ;;'..•.'•.•.. /.".¦¦•.' : i ; " ¦¦:^] / J_t ;'¦?/,
'•'VVEven'-iin; South where -English 1
generals " of /Irish parent age are battling
'against; a^ ;; liberty-loving, v foe, ¦ they i know,
as k they ¦fight ! that . liberty^ must: rise ' sii-'
prcme '• against even i ' at'l r th'e"
tho^ handV. 'of England., /(Cheers!) •'The
badges; oil Vur breasts; to-night ' tell i the
Knights of St Patrick Hold Their Twenty-Seventh Annual Ban
quet at the Palace and Brilliant Speeches Are Made.
p mj * HE twenty-seventh v annual
' W of the Knights of St.
B Patrick was given in ; • the
¦ M maple room of the Palace Ho
-^- | tel last evening, j About* 125
gentlemen, - representing the
various societies affiliated together in the
observance of St. Patrick's day,' many city
officials. Supreme - Justices; • Superior
Judges and others were' in' attendance.
, .It was 7 o'clock when the discussion "'. of
a rich and varied menu began. The march
to the banquet hall was led- by Mayor
Schmltr and James A. Emery, president of
the Knights of St. Patrick. The tables
were arranged in the shape of . a hollow
square, and at the eastern end, facing the
diners, were seated Mayor Schmitz, Presi
dent and Toastmaster James A. Emery,
James V.' Colexnan, Judge M. T.- Dooling
of Hollister, Joseph S.' Tobini State Chief
Supreme Justice William H. Beatty, Neal
Power and' Assistant • District Attorney
John T/Greaney. The floral decorations
were characteristically green, but over the
head of the table the stars and stripes
and the green flag, of Erin .were graceful
ly draped. Each guest 1 wore on the left
lapel of his : coat a green badge with a
gold star ' binding two . ribbons. •'¦ one in
scribed "Knights of St. Patrick" and the
other "1S75. St. Patrick's day. - 1902."
Grace was spoken by Rev. Father P.
Brady, pastor of the church of 'John the
Baptist.
, The enjoyment : of the collation -served
to put all in a proper, receptive mood for
the good things Intellectually ¦ that were
to follow. Before dessert was reached, the
orchestra struck up, the stirring: strains
of the "Star-spangled Banner," and
throats joined in song,. each guest stand-
Ing,, winding ' up *: with three; cheers,'for
the glorious flag of the' Union. iThe'stralns
of "Kathleen Mavourneeh",'.'arid-Uhe
".Wearing of the Green"' evoked"; Intense
Siberian Railway. Is Kept Busy Car
rying Troops and Materials to
Vladivostok.
LONDON, March IV.— With reference to
the Russo-Japanese war rumors the St.
Petersburg correspondent of the Times
says he. 13 able to vouch that the Siber
ian Railway is declining consignments
from merchants because the resources of
the line are fully occupied In forwarding
troops and war material to Vladivostok.
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR
ARE GOING ON STEADILT
-Elaborate preparations have been made
at St. Paul's "Church, Twenty-ninth and
. streets, ; under the direction of
Father M.D. Connolly, and. an able com
mittee, of parishioners for the celebration
which'will be held in the evening. Father
Smith^ C: S. P., head of the Paullst- qrder
'on , this coast, will deliver 'the oration,
and a ¦ splendid musical and literary pro
gramme, under -the direction of Rev.
:Father Kennedy,: will be presented.
of i the. features - will be the first public
appearance : of ? the newly organized St.
Raul's orchestra, composed ¦ of twenty
four young men of the parish.
ST. PAUL'S CELEBRATION^
Grand chorus, "God Save Ireland"
.........Members of Gaelic Choral Society
Conclusion, "God ' Save ; Ireland" . . . . .Audience
¦ EVENING PROGRAMME.
Overture :...... .Orchestra
Introductory remarks .......'...'............
. ...J. McCormlck. President of the Da/
Vocal «olos, (a) "Irish Love Song," *(b)
• . *'On the Banks of the Daisies". „-...
'••• ,••••• '....'. Mias Annte Rooney
Grand vocal chorus, ."The Harp That Once •
¦ .Thro' Tara'a- Halls," "Wearlnir of the ¦
;. Green"... ¦...!. .Gaelic Choral Society
Vocal solo, "My Colleen Rue"..,.J. G. Hughe*
Double Irish hornpipe. ".....
*Q[. .j ....".. Professors Kelleher and O' Connor
Oration.' "The ' Day We Celebrate" . ......
. .....;........i..,..;.The Rev. P. C. Torke
"God Save ¦ Ireland" Audience
"Grand ' March" ..... . ....... .Orchestra
. ,.'• .'. ';V.'" AFTERNOON. PROGRAMME.;
Overture,' iDOpular- airs."': .": ... ; . .'...' .'.Orchestra
Opening '•'address.'. '. . .;. . . . . . .; ..'.....'..'... . .'.
; 4 vV."f ; .7.' S.' McCorrntck". President of the Day
.Vocal', solo, .',' 'Mo ¦ Breedhe.n ¦ Bawn ¦¦ Asthore
Savourneen" Dheelish" ... Miss , Daisy ¦ Keene
Double,' Irish : jig.\..;. .'. . . . . . . — . :.... .-. .
'*'-\; Miss Pearl Hlckman and .Miss Bessie Allen'
Grand ''chorus,- ; VSt.V Patrick's Day., in ''the . '¦.
l't'~) Morning'.'-/-'. •"• • -'*• •¦'••¦'• • •"• • ••'•'• • ¦" • - •'•"• •'.:
; t \y. iBoys* of i the; y/exford' Gaelic Choral '< Society
Overture, \ popu Iar a irs . .'. '. ; Orchestra .
¦Rec'itat!on;^,^
.Corned B'olo',".VKlilarney"i'.MlE3 'Irene Franklin
eolo,-''RaDparees".-(the Memory 'of.'-'. '.
r >; '.'the' Dead)/. '.'..'.*. .V.'...: ...Professor
Four-hand ;reel. . .. .......'.....'/..'. '. ....... '
•¦' ' ..:"..;.'. Gaelic Dancine Schooh in .'costume
Sons ''"; in i^.GaclIc,- .','The ' Snowy-Breasted;;
.":.," rearl"j'i. :"...'. :;'..!.. '. Jeremiah" Deasy,
.Double > Irish, hornpipe and jig/.". V. . . . . .-. '. .^.
7|.\ > '¦• •"• • .Professors O^Connqr an'd Kelleher
.y'ocar' | Bolos",-''(aK.VTho* I-lttle; hed Lark,"
'.',*". r^'Tvie'ItoVinff- Peddler" . .Mlas K. - Black
HlKhcaVd'cap.'''.'.'.'.'. 4 '. ...'..¦......'.;....'... '
'i'i, •' Ladle*»; and gentlemen 'ot . Gaelic Dancln'c
'" ''¦''.. School j In jcoitume. ."? •' .¦¦•''." ',',
Oiiera tic selection. ............ . k . ,.. ..Orchestra
«-»¦,.,¦¦ 'V- -X *•¦'¦- -.'f -¦¦¦¦:- . >¦¦ ¦¦¦••¦¦ v: ¦••• '¦. . :¦¦¦¦
is 1 - W follows:
."'; The*; executive *:•; committee •.announced
that ' some additions had 1 been made to the
programme ithat "will be presented at the
AlhambraV Theater "{this 'afternoon' and
evening. >•• As' agreed upon the . programme
PLANS FOR ! THE :, DAY.
! Rev. 'P.;. J. .Cummins 'will be", the cele
brant'' at ;, tho." mass 'at , St! (Patrick's
Church, ' and - a : large number of priests
.will' assist." ; Archbishop Rlordan ,wllii be
present.,; The sermon wilKbe^ preached by
Rev. Father Collopy.}r, The officers "of the
'conyenUon^wili 'also s attend. 7 j." 1 -'._•*• ,
• .The' St.^.Patrick'a day; convention,' 1 , which
met., at 1133 Mission street, \ concluded 1 its
labors --v yesterday afternoon. , . Fathers
O' Ryan and \ McMahon ) made v brief ad
dresses ¦„ and r Jeremia'h .*; Deasy r -prayed in
Gaelic. *i-John k r : Mulkern / was '¦'¦. made )¦ , vice
chairman' of the reception committee," and
' J.'jD. i'Condohrand .Captain' H.; P. 'Fllgate
were .added , to, the finance committee. - '¦'.
i .,•;,' ; 'peal In call to tho worshipers
of his r faith. 1 .; Solemn 1 high mass :at ; St.
Patrick's .' Church, .will open - the> celebra
tion': of ' the "feast of :,' St. , Patrick. From
thence I into .the , night Catholics .will make
,known the reverence '.they v ' hold' for the
memory of him who led Erin's people from
"the.wllderries of superstition Into the light
of the cross. v. , , .!..'..
. >'m40 : DAY, the Catholic; world will
¦ ~im: pay ; sacred tribute .'to the^
r "''j : M\ ! memory ; of Ireland's .patron*
-¦ ¦•' &'• ' s^' n *-v '. Throughout/ the'- city,
'¦.'¦JBLx 'lithe bells of .the 1 churches' will
; PROMINENT CITIZENS .WHO , WERE -PRESENT iLAST -NIGHT AT BAN- "
3 ;;.!;: QUET GIVEN BY ''KNIGHTS 'OF'ST. PATRICK AT PALACE HOTEL. AND
i i: iSCENE AT. THE BOARD' DURING DISCUSSION OF ELABORATE MENU.
; •'. ' "; ' ,*'¦. v -•¦.:. : . .' f A ; :-•.•/';¦.. .•-..• -.,*--•¦¦• ¦'••.¦ •¦-'--,:• -. •-¦..¦-... -. ..
Vienna advices, by way of
London on March 13, reported
that a courtmartial, had . con
demned Colonel Grimm to death,
and added an unconfirmed rumor
that the sentence had been car
ried out two hours later. It wa§
added < that several aristocratic
Polish ladies had been arrested
as accomplices of Grimm.
General Puzrevski, the com
mander at Warsaw, is suspected
of being implicated with Colonel
Grimm.
r ¦ ¦ A -
Grimm, during 1 ten years, has re
vealed to Germany every plan
prepared by Russia in the eventu
ality • of , war. between the two
countries. The discovery was
due to Colonel Grimm's wife,
who her husband in
•ce\xagerfoj:his : liaving. paid 'court
to another woman.
VIENNA, March 1 6.— About
sixty arrests have been made in
connection with the condemna-.
tiori to death by courtmartial at
?Warsaw of a Russian colonel
named Grimm for the systematic
revelation of military secrets to
a foreign power. Among the
persons apprehended are a num
ber of Russian officers of high
rank.- Colonel Grimm has -not
yet been executed.
It: is asserted that Colonel
Suspect Condemned
to Death on Wife's
Testimony.
Sixty Arrests Follow
Colonel Grimm's
Conviction.
Military Plans of Ten
Years Past Are
Revealed.
TRAITORS
SERVICE
Scores of Passengers
Held at Prairie
Fury of the North
western Blizzard
Is Unabated.
Railroads Abandon
All Attempts to
Run Trains.
STORM'S
GRIP ON
DAKOTAS
from railroad communication with the
outside world. The Canadian Pacfflc
transcontinental trains are snowbound
•tomewnere west of there and nb pros
pects of relief are yet in sight.
GALE DRIFTS THE SNOW.'
The storm on Friday was preceded by
& light rainfall and accompanied by high
«»rind, the rain turning to sleet and then
to enow, and falling without cessation for
more than thirty-six hours. The terrific
pale drifted the enow so badly that the
etreetj of the towns In the etorm district
were filled so deeply that it was next to
Impossible to wade through them. Busi
ness of all kinds has been at a standstill
elnce Friday night and not much can be
done until the storm subsides. So far as
known there baa been no loss of life, but
owing to the demoralized condition of
the wires little news has been received
from the remoter districts.
indicate that the gale has subsided some
what, but that snow continues to fall.
The branch , line running to Winnipeg
1b tied up. JCo trains have been started
northward since Friday night and those
that were caught out on the road by the
storm have been held at the station near
est the border. '
Winnipeg 1b reported entirely cut off
Montana points has been lost. So fierce
has been the storm that it has been
deemed inadvisable to attempt to reopen
the road until It abates. Reports to-night
Northern Pacific, between Frankfort and
"Winnipeg, is entirely abandoned. No
trains have attempted to run since Fri
day night and the exact conditions on
this division are not known as the wires
are down.
The situation on the Great Northern is
equally bad. The line is tied up entirely
between Grand Forks and Williston, N.
D., a distance of about thirty-five miles,
and all wires have been lost beyond Far
ro. Thirty miles of . wire is gone between
Fargo and Carrollton, N. D., and com
munication with Western Dakota and
ENTIRE DrtfTiSION ABANDONED-
The Red River Valley division of the
of being tied up between s ations.
keep the snowbound passengers warm
and well fed. and for this reason trains
are being held at sta ions where the ac
commodations are good, rather than at
tempt to get through with a possibility
years and railroad traffic is practically
S>aralyzed. The Northern Pacific and
Great Northern have not moved a' wheel
for nearly thirty-six hours in . the bllz
fcard-strltken district, and have aban
iSoned all efforts to do so until the fury'
,cf the storm abates. The high wind has
piled the enow -in mountainous drif s and
packed it in solid masses, many deep cuts
being entirely filled. The, temperature has
been falling gradually and is now at or
below zero. Nut a transcontinental train
has arrived in St. Paul since Friday and
none is expected for several days. The
2Ccr hern Pacific reports its westbound
coast train, which left St. Paul yesterday
morning, tiefl up at Fargo, the road be
yond there being blocked. It will start
a coast-bound train to-morrow and hopes
to be able to get it through.- The east
bound coast train, due here on Saturday
morning. Is held at Mandan. N. D., and
efforts will be made to move it before to
morrow. Every effort is being made to
ST. PAUL March 16.— North Dakota
*ad the Canadian Northwest have ex
perienced the worst snowstorm in many
RUSSIAN OFFICERS BETRAY WAR
OFFICE SECRETS TO THE GERMANS
VOLUME XCI.-NO. 107.
PRICE FIVE CENTS;
SA^FR^
Prayers for Old Erin
Rise With Those
for Boer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Continued From Page One.
JRISB ,WILL:~GO-OP£RATE:
Ian : Renaissance style of architecture,
• arid will, be In complete . harmony
- with " vthe parochial . ¦ residence with
J which it •¦. ' will • • be - connected. . ¦ ;The
" structure, will be " bulTt on .simple but
well proportioned lines, which will Im
part to It a.; massive dignity not usually,
found in buildings erected at' a similar
cost. The pediment will be supported by
' four elegant '• columns, surmounted ". by
'. graceful 'flanking, towers, all contributing
"to ¦ the' rich harmony of the ' facade! , ; . The
. interior has been planned for a nave,' sup
vported by i simple columns; and running
the full : -length of the church. < The side
"aisles will be wide; while the Bacristy. will
be separated \ from the auditorium by -a
, semi-circular arch ; and colonnade, 1 after
the style employed in many churches re
t cently erected, in Europe. . I :
; | ;The church will be constructed of wood
upon a . brick -foundation. The residents
| of }the parish . are , taking .; great ' ' interest '
in "the- matter and '. many iart. windows of
stained -glass;; . representing ¦,";¦ Scriptural
. views/ have already • been promised. - Ar
rangements for laying the { cornerstone
of the church are now. being made.
vBurnediby, Benzine,
, Heated : by J alcohol. :: kept \ hot - : by : benzine,
1 is the latest ¦fad/" Our, pyrography or ben
zine 'outfits rare 'the best that can. be had.
I Sanborn,"tVall:&.Co.*,'.741.Marketstreet. .?
.Cavalryman Frozen to Death. v
• HAVRE, Mont., ' March > 16.— Private
Schmit of Troop C of the Thirteenth Cav
alry, stationed ¦. at Fort Assinibolne, waa
frozen to death last night while attempt
ing to walks from the half-way, house, to
'the ; post, , a distance : of * six miles. t
No Attempt Made to Arrest Fugitives
. QUEBEC,"-, March • 16-^-ColoneI John F.
Gaynor; and Captain Greene, whose . ball
was forfeited because of their nonappear
ance, before ' court x in Savannah to an
swer to % the charge . of defrauding th<?
Lnited Statesv Government, are still at
the Chateau Frontenac No attempt had
been made to '¦ arrest them. . When asked
to-day .If -he -.would leave, the ci*y to-mor
row Colonel Gaynor , declined : to answer
or v to discuss any phase of : his case. '
•I^ARQCHELIB; France, ') March 16.— The
demands of i the. 800 striking dock . laborers
were ? granted to-day. i: '-'.- -. ' ; .',•-- -,•.-.
Deck; Laborers Win Their; Strike.
Hip-Pocket Movement (Proves. Fatal.
/HIDALGO; \l\\s, Marchj: 16.— David WU
llams, : a: prominent citizen -of., this • place,
to-day- shot '" and . killed . Edward Ortman
An - old ' grudge ' had existed and Ortman.
It?" Is ', alleged,; had" threatened ¦; Williams'
life ¦ ai number- of ; times. e.To-day \ Qrtman
went-" Into •Williams'^ drug, .store.- and
placed his hand, on his- hip -pocket." Wll
liams then , commenced . firing, and - shot
eleven "tlraes, ; eight- bullets; taking Jeff ect:
COLON, • Marcfi . 16.— All • approaches ; to
Colon are nowgllarded by small ; detach-'
ments of troops/. The , Government is
throwing up embankments at '¦ certain ad
vantageous- points' In the center i of ;tlie :
town, and i from 200. to 300: troops ¦ are kept
moving- up ¦ and', down the.. railroad . line.
These are - necessary precautions • to avoid
an insurgent -surprise ; and attacks simi
lar to the one. of last November. '.¦::-¦. '
V foodstuffs are becoming scarce . In* Pan-
ama, - as • small boats are; no longer able
to - communicate ¦;. .with:'- the » : neighboring
coast towns. Panama is receiving its sup
ply of beef from , Carthagena, . by] way • of
Colon. SfflfiafflBSifissWWTfegiaittlfevrsSsT -',-.' ¦
- -. ¦ - - - - • ¦ ¦ ¦¦
Get Ready, for. a Cut.
'. Get a : box of Salva-cea— the ; antiseptic oint
ment. . Equally : valuable . for : burns,',- chafing*;
Chilblains, cold. In head, catarrh and piles. It will
surprise you '. how; quicklyj it ; subdues J inflamma
tion and drives out pain. '•' 25c and 50c, at drug
gists or by. mall. Salva-cea, 274 Canal St., ! 'N.' Y/
TROOPS OTJARD. EVERY ;;¦•;/ ; .
APPROACH. TO ;: CQLOIf
BERLIN. March 16.—Wlth expressions
of regret the newspapers here print a dis
patch from Washington to the effect that
Andrew : D. White, the . American ; Em
bassador 'to Germany, will retire next
November; : • . - . ,
: WASHINGTON.. March 16.-The under
standing among State Department officials
and amonfo his friends has been for some
time, that White . Intended retiring .from
the post. of Embassador : at 'Berlin next
November, : when he will reach the age of
,70 yearsT- ' :.,. -., ¦ .- ?/,.
i .White's 'health is not very robust and
in addition there are other reasons which
influence him In seeking the retirement of
a- private! life." v
L White . stands - very high . In the diplo
matic service and has had one of the most
important of posts. He Is a 'favorite at
¦the ccurt In Berlin and with the Emperor
White ¦ has -: had most : arduous -, work for
the : past ' two years and - has . had • but lit
tle vacation.' Last summer he went for a
short time to the south of France. ¦'¦ It Is
.so ; well -understood that 'White will re
tire that, there has already-^been/ a ; f ree
discussion as-, to*, his successor. Among
those • mentioned are Dr. David J»= Hill
• Assistant Secretary* of • State; t Professor*
Schurman of Cornell . and ¦ former . Senator
Wolcott.
EMBASSADOR TO GERMANY
TO RESIGN IN NOVEMBER
Condemns England's Course.
At the meeting of the St. Patrick's Day
Convention . held yesterday afternoon
resolutions. were adopted condemning the
war which the British Government is
prosecuting against the Boers In South
Africa and also protesting against Brit
ish rule - In ' Ireland. . The • resolutions
pointed > out the • Injustice • of the course
that England is . pursuing . and commend
ed the Boers for the brave and persistent
fight; which they have waged against
armies that, greatly .outnumbered their
i mall forces.' , ' J
TACOMA, March 16."-Unless the pres
ent situation changes speedily a rate war
will be the feature of traffic during tho
coming season on the Lower and Upper
Yukon River. Last year's agreement be
tween the targe trading companies operat
ing under the -name of the Northern Com
mercial Company is apparently no longer
effectived
> L. C. Branson, who arrived to-day from
Dawson, says that on his return to Daw
son from San Francisco Manager Mlzner
of the Alaska Commercial Company an
nounced that that . company had with
drawn from all ; combinations and would
.carry on an entirely independent busi
ness. This Is taken to mean that the
; Alaska Commercial, Alaska exploration,
1 North American Transportation and Trad-
Ing and other. companies owning .Lower
Yukon fleets will operate independently of
each other, making such rates as they see
fit. Mining men are pleased at the pros
pect, believing that a rate war and lower
prices for both transportation and cup
plies will permit a quicker development
of such less rich camps as Forty Mile,
Rampart, Eagle and Koyukuk.
Prospects are good for a similar -rate
war to Dawson via Skagway. The Alaska
steamship lines and the White Pass lKul
road having failed to agree upon through
rates or division of traffic between them,
each line is now operating for Itself. Rates
1 continue fairly high because bualnesn is
almost at a maximum.. The White Pass
Railroad would undoubtedly like absolute
ly- to control navigation on the Upper
Yukon. It has succeeded In buying out
all rival lines, exoept that of the Bennett
Lake and -Klondike Navigation Company.
This company has a great advantage In
owning ; light-draught . steamers, which it
operates when , heavier draught boats of
I the White Pass line are laid up. The Ben
nett Lake line Is preparing to fight by as
sembling materials at Lake Lebarge for
two new steamers. ¦ '¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Alaska Transportation
Companies Not in
Harmony.
»--, After six years Patrick returned to his
home and country.* He studied night and
. day. and , had - several visions ¦ in : which '. he
saw » his i life work before i him; : and r the
Irish; people imploring; him 1 to: come ; back
to ; them. ; He himself ' under - St. 8 *
Martin,", the ¦ Bishop" of iTours.V his ¦ grand
uncle; and he i proved ' an f apt iPUplI.srAfter
his ; ordination \ he spent some ' years in the'
-monastery on the isle of Lernes, in study;
. "When Christ told the ¦ apostles to i go
forth and teach all, nations he embraced
the' cause . of the apostles and promised
permanency to the fruit of tholr. labors.'
Aff a.result they. visited all lands and dis
pelled the darkness. of error and supersti
tion. Although every effort was made to
destroy ; the fruit > of these , labors^ history
Prove 8 - h ?w : futile was the * attempt; for
Christianity Is still spreading • over ' the
world." •_ ,
. .."Since the days of the apostles there was
tione greater than St. Patrick. Hia mji,
slonicame direct from . heaven . and al
though everything has been done to break
down his work in the Held in which he
labored,- Catholicity is as strong to-day In
.Ireland as when he passed away to 'reap
his heavenly reward/ .While other nations
may ? claim -the- honor 'of 'his * birthplace,
Ireland ¦ is con tent ? to have \ his ashes < re
pose - on her soil, in his , grave In <, Down-
Patrick; Cemetery. ,. ¦
-' : ".When Ireland waspagan it was one of.
the . most J powerful' nations • of , the world.
Expeditions, were ; . sent out ¦: ,to / foreign
countries', and, In one- of these, -young
Patrick was captured and brought to Ire
land ' as . a slave. , He was '¦ held in slavery
by. an. Irish King and set to work herding
the sheep and cattle of his master In' the
hills i of • Antrim. .There in his ; solitude - he
was : visited - by : angels,'^ who urged him - to
pray, that : his : land might be . freed - . from
idolatry .v It was thenuhat his/soul ;was
touched with the sacred- fire. 'It .was' the
design ;of<God. that: he' was sold' Into
slavery that ' he might learn the; habits
and language of the country. ** ¦:< '-.rv. -,t
\i\fii GAINS HIS;- FREEDOM. '
ST. PATRICK'S MISSION.
A particular, interest attached to the
sermon.of Father Caraher. for during his
recent tour of P^urope he visited many of
the places in Ireland made sacred by St.
•Patrick's works, and Father Caraher'a
personal reminiscences of the scenes gave
the; sermon the charm- of a ' narrative, In
which history .was . pleasantly blended
with the . religious idea of- St. Patrick's
Cnristlan conquest of pagan Ireland:.
'Solemn vespers opened the services and
an": augmented choir, consisting of? the
young 'ladies of the parish, rendered ', the
music. At the conclusion of the vesper
service Father Caraher ascended the pul
pit and announced his text, which was
from St. John: VI. have chosen you an
apostle, go ye therefore and teach fill ¦ na
tions." '.He said In part: '
Rev. Father Caraher Speaks of tha
¦'¦¦¦Fruits of St. Patrick's Labors.
-- So eager were the ' parishioners of St.
Francis Church to hear the eloquent ser
rhon of their pastor. Rev. : Terence Cara
her, onJSt. Patrick, that eVery aisle' was
.crowded, to its utmost capacity In that
church last night and the main aisle was
filled ; with seats, which afforded 1 only la
scant means of ingress and egress, to the
pews. .The overflow;; was accommodated
in. the spacious galleries. .,- . .,
PRAISES IRELAND'S SAINT.
WAR ON RATES
IS THREATENED
University.
BOSTON. Mass., March 16.— Professor
Henry. Morse Stephens has resigned the
chair of modern European history at Cor
nell to accept his new position as
professor of English history at the
University of California. The resig
nation will take - effect at the end
of , the ' present college year. Protes
sor ' Stephens is an Englishman and
a graduate of Oxford University. He»
came to Cornell In 1894 on the recommen
dation of Professor Goldwin Smith, and
during the past eight years has be&i one
of the most prominent members of the
faculty. He Is the author of many his
torical books and essays." including a well
known work on the French revolution.
Henry Morse Stephens " Prepares to
Take Up His Work at State
BESIGNS FROM CORNELL
TO TEACH AT BERKELEY
• "It cannot be that God has forgotten her
forever to the cruel ravages of England.
Let yourrsouls go. up in petition to God
to hasten the day when Ireland shall be
forever free from England's persecution."
States. by> the Catholics has been done
by the Irish people. The Irish children
should be- proud to have Irish blood in
their . Veins; they should consider - it an
honor to be descendants of grand old Ire
land, and never forget her in her hour of
affliction. I hope that no one of you shall
ever be traltor.to hia' religion and coun
try.- > .... ', -¦:¦¦:¦¦ ,:¦ :¦. ¦ ¦ . . -,,..,-¦.-
EVENING'S GUESTS.
Those present were:
Dr.. A. P. O'Brien, Dr. G./J. ; Fitz&ibbon,"
Captain P.- J. Dunne, C.;W. Toeer, '. J,' Y. Cole-:
man. James ¦ A. ' Emery. , Mayor : Kugena „ B.
Bchmltz. Judge W. H. . Briatty. Dr.; T.; B.- V W.
Leland, Judge John Hunt,". John' T.' Greaney,
Judge M. T. Cooling,' A. '.M. McPherson, ¦ John
Mulhern, Captain B. P.' Drew, Samuel Hortoir,
James J. Glldea, Daniel C. Deasy. Father
Michael OtU,'. L. J. Watnon, Jerry V.^Coftey,
Peter J. McCormlck. James Shea, M^ F. v - Tar
pey.' M. J. ¦ Keller. ' James E.-Cottle.- Matthew
K*lleher. .Dr. J. F. Gibbon/ Stephen J, • Cob
tello, John Connor, Joseph S. • Tobtn, Neal
Power. James K. Coegrave, Commandant ' Sny
man, Jeremiah Dcany, Dr. JohnGallwey; Dr.'
CD. McQettlgan.Dr. William D. McCarthy,
F.. J. Klerce,' Thomai J. 8tantpn, P. - J. ,
Kennedy. John H. . Ryan, J. B. Mclntyre,;
George B. McClellan, James J. O'Brien,. John-
Ruillvan, John Murphy, J. 8. McCormlck,
Peter Daley. John B. Davltt. A.' J/ Donovan.
John Bernhard. Judge John Hunt.'. Judge J. V.
Coffey, Edward I. Coftey, . C.-B. Flanagan,
John J. Phelan, E. K. O*Keefe; ' L,. J.
Watson, Colonel T. F. Barry, James «H.<
Barry. Richard- J. Welch. James F. O'Brien,
Joseph McICenna, 'Judge w. P. Lawlor; John J.;
Barrett. M. M. O'Bhaughnesay.^ Hon. William'
Broderick. • . Hon. William Cronin, . John ». W.'
Welch. Hon.; William Biggy, Charles Stall
man. Henry M.Whltely,- John- Le«, Jol.n Caf
frey. Dr. C. A. Clinton,. W, H. Crlm. Charles
McCollum/P.-F. McCormlck J. J. Dwyer. Col
onel J. • O'Connor, - John H.' Kheohnn, . T, ., I.'
O'nrlen.-D. C. Murphy, T. P. Riordan, Gavin
McNab. Judge Robert Perral.. Charles Glldea,
Peter McArdle.-M. C.'HaJs«ett, John 1 A/.Len
non. Ed Hartrlck...W.:J.i Kelly. George A: Con
nolly. O. W.- Cavanagh,- R. P.- Qulnn. Major
M.-H. Gaflney, Her. , P. D. -Brady. Dr. H.-La
gan, P. Curtis. James J. Donovan. Dr. Joseph
a. Morrlwey. William M. ¦ Conklln.- P; A.' Mo-
Donald. P. Knrtght. William M. King, Leo J.
McDonald. W. J. O'Brien, Leo.C. I*nnon Mil
t ton B. Lennon. R. E; O'Connell. James Bryce,
D.E. O'ConnjH. W. J. BI E gy..Dr..J. RVd'Con.
nor, John Phelan, • James E. BrUt."*- P. -K'
O'Kecfe, Charles Flanagan. v^
peble evidences of sympathy for his peo
ple as were manifested, during the. even
ing. If- he could only see his people for a
brief moment and tell them of the over
whelming sympathy forthem that existed
in the hearts ' of every liberty-loving
American! He ¦•• spoke - of • the -, "South
African Republics" in .vigorous "Style and
ventured the prediction that the tyranny
of England would never enslave his
countrymen so long as there* was a: Boer
woman and child capable of .bearing arms
for his country, • Snyman was in excellent
form and his address, was frequently .in-,
terrupted by vociferous .'applause.
The closing toast was on the subject
"Our Sister Societies." which tvas re
sponded to by A. M. MacPherson. He
paid a tribute to local Irishmen who were
banded together In societies for the ad
vancement of the Irish cause in America—
that of aiding the oppressed against the
grinding exactions of .oppressors ; the
world over. The address was warmly re
ceived. . •. ¦ '.-¦¦:. ::•.¦ ¦¦:/ ;•: ,
PROPOSED .HOUSE OF. WOR r
SHIP AND ITS ENERGETIC,
PASTOR. ! , , \ * .
Resuming, the Mayor Bald:
"In- the upbuilding of San Francisco the
Irishman has played a conspicuous part.
: The very spot on which, we are sealed was
the property <of Timothy Murphy, an
Irishman who landed here in l>-2tJ. San
Francisco la now a city of 350,000 people,
but I expect that In the next twenty
years it will be doubled. It ia not wealth,
but individuals that make cities - great— It
is by the co-operation of individuals that'
(success 1b attained. Through this .city
must go the wealth of the Orient/ (Cheers.)
One thing needed . here is purer politics.
By uplifting, our political status and Im
proving the conditions • of our- working
men much .good . in the direction "of: the
advancement of San Francisco may be
accomplished." ; ' . . ;
ORATORS AND ORATORY.
The Mayor closed with . the ' statement
that he loved Ban- Francisco, as bis birth
place and all he held dear In' this life was
located here; His closing remarks were
greeted with great applause, and when Jt
subsided Neal Power responded to the
toast of "Irish Orators and Oratory." He
spoke eloquently of the great . legacies of
.unsullied virtue and noble accomplish
ments which orators of Ireland have left
to the descendant*. It remained for poor
old Ireland to ' stand pre-eminent . among
the people of the world for the genius of
Its orators and the brilliancy of its ora
tory, he said. Greece had her Demosthe
nes, England -her; Pitt, France her Mira
beau, the* United States -'her. Henry,; but
Ireland bad her Invincible Curran, Burke,
CConnell and Grattan. ' . , •¦ ~-\
"It was these orators who- battled forre
l!siou» toleration.' equal -.rights -and; racial
liberty, even- from the scaffold. The^r.
mighty eloquence would ring resonant like
the cadence of mighty bells through the
ages, to, inspire men to the overthrow, of '
tyranny and :¦ to the uplifting., of the op
pressed. The genius ' of : these immortal
men had no limitations.': Their lives were
consecrated to the - service • of - their -fel
low men and. they risked '.all lit the de
fense of the sacred principles which-were
their guiding: stars throughout the whole
of- their" lives. . Irish oratory*- has 1 done
much -for llberty.-r Irish oratory 'Is doing
fitill greater. work for. the human race to
day. - ',-.¦• v ;
¦ Mr. Power's eloquent effort was raptur
ously applauded at- the close and when he
concluded- Jeremiah-' Deasy, sang. '-a
"Gaelic sonff,, entitled" "Erin— A Smile and
Tear in Her t Eye." • Toastmast er - Emery
then Introduced Commandant Snyman'of,
the Boer army -as the representative -of
South African liberty, in. 'America. • " ¦ ;
• :¦•¦ Snyman *: was - given a • tremendous • ova
tion and , ere ¦ he was ' allowed -. %o speak
"The Marsellalse" was - sung.- Snyman
said it did his heart good to see such pal-
THE plans for the new church of
St. John, which Is to be erected
on the property adjoining the
parochial residence on the west
side of St. Marys avenue,' near
Mission street, have been completed and
work on the structure, which is to cost
$11,000, will be commenced without delay.
The erection of the new edifice will be
an epoch in the history of the parish and
the building will be a monument to the
perseverance and faithfulness of | Rev.
Father P. Brady, pastor of St. John's.
For a year past Father Brady has been
conducting services in the old St. Mary's
College on College Hill, a sort of ruin,
totally inadequate to the requirements
and in many ways unsuited for the pur
pose to which it was devoted. ¦ Conscious
of the great Inconvenience suffered by his
flock, Father Brady began the task of
raising funds for a. new sanctuary with
signal success.' The new house, of. wor
ship will have a seating capacity of 500,
and will be in every way. an ornament to
the locality which it will adorn. . . ¦ -
The plans call for a* church of the Ital-
by the freedom of our laws and the lib
erality of the people who may not rlsa
to the highest place within the gift of
our people. (Cheers.) ' Eternal vigilance
Is the price of liberty; and if we would
preserve our own liberty, we" must hold
inviolate that of our neighbor. We have
no right to withhold from a nation en
gaged in its struggle for Independence
that encouragement which we asked for
and received in the darkest days ''of our
national life. To . that country in South
Africa' now struggling against' British
greed for liberty of action and thought,
every lover of liberty should extend his
heartiest well wishes."
' MAYOB SCHJOTZ'S POEM."*'
The next speaker was Mayor Schmitz-
He was given a tremendous ovation, and
when the applause ' subsided he said in
part:
"While I was sitting In my window
overlooking the beautiful bay of San
Francisco, an inspiration seized roe, and
I wrote the first verse I was ever/ guilty
of. (Applause.) I do not call It poetry,
but merely a few lines put together, under
the impulse of the moment. If you will
pardon me I will read them." (Cries,
"Read them!'.') :.
The Mayor then read the following lines
amid great applause:
When Freedom from the skies ab«ve
Looked down — for lands of liberty and love,
She scanned the universe — with kindly, amlle,
Fixed one ctandard on' the Emerald Iele.
She planted there the love of truth;
The spirit and the fire of youth;
And tor. a motto to her eons she israve: ,
"Be ever freemen and not slave."
The stars and stripes v.-lth ' splendid glory
TKmblazoning our nation's wondrous: story.
Enwrap our hearts with .firmest hold, ¦
Yet leave some place for Green and Gold.
intention— it Is the cry of agitation the
world over. Let the Irish people never
forget that through agitation mighty na
tional changes are achieved. When
France, with her mighty revolution; and
America, with her uprising against tyran-*
ny, and South Africa, in her battle for
freedom, rose to alarm- the world, the
eceptered kings bleated forth/ their disap
probation In tremulous strains. What the
two first named nations accomplished
Ireland and South Africa are destined to
accomplish. It is a significant fact in the
history of England that its greatest
achievements were the work of Irishmen.
(Cheers.) This illustrates the power of
agitation. To be successful Irishmen
must agitate; they must rise up against
tyranny. If they do this they will never
dim the luster which attaches to the
magnificence of this glorious day."
Joseph Sadoc Tobin was next intro
duced but before he was allowed to speak
to the toast, "The United States," three
hearty cheers for President Roosevelt
were given. Tobin was accorded a warm
reception. He spoke in part as follows:
"It is a glorious thing for a native of
the United States to say a word in behalf
of the country of his fathers. (Cheers.)
To every man of noble impulse the words
freedom and liberty are mighty talismans
to stimulate them to deeds of glory. In the
pages of history, discolored by wars and
the bloodshed of peoples who fought to
throw off the shackles of slavery, are to
be read lessons fraught with Importance
to the cause of mankind. Everywhere
the world over the standard of true
democracy Is recognized In the ] United
States. • •
PBICE OF LIBERTY." '
"The history of our great country. Is an
exemplification of the saying that eter
nal vigilance Is the price of liberty. This
country was reared upon ideals which
men must respect everywhere. We know
that snobbery cannot be endured.
(Cheers.) We know that democracy in
this country, coupled with the - brilliant
mission that citizenship imposes upon in
dividuals. Is bound to advance our great
ness as a nation. One line of the Immor
tal Declaration of Independence is worth
more than the achievements of armies
and navies."
The closing remarks of the speaker
were interrupted by vociferous applause,
and at the close of the address Willi
O'Brien sang in good style a patriotic
Irish song. The next toast was "Civil
and Religious Liberty," which was re
sponded to by Judge W. T. Dooling of
Holllster. Judge Dooling said In part:
"The. theme of civil and religious lib
erty brings before us the great panorama
of the history of humankind. Prom the
time the ark settled on Mount Arrarat
to the time of the victory at Yorktown,
the questions of civil and religious liberty
have periodically engaged the attention
of the world. To us for the most part the
question is an academic one, but to our'
forefathers it was one fraught with tre
mendous force. It is a question which
agitates the Irish race to-day, and tho
day is , not far distant when the epitaph
of the tyranny of crowns will 'be writ
ten. (Cheers.) There is one thing beyond
the reach of tyrants— the liberty of the
soul. .(Applause.) It was this principle
which prompted our forefathers to the !
performance of deeds of unexampled pa- •
triotism and glory. Neither unjust laws '•
nor oppressive regulations have depressed
a race which has for seven • centuries i
been wagring a mighty warfare for free- I
dom. (Cheers.) The voice of mankind is !
uranimous in one great aspiration— civil
and religious liberty in worship and ac
tion for the human race.
"The civil magistrates may punish
crime, but they cannot restrain opinions;
they may by the enforcement of the law
check the spontaneous utterances of a
people seeking to rise above the condi
tions which fetter them, but they cannot
stem the tide of human advancement
tUong the lines of liberty of worship, lib
erty of conscience and liberty of thought
(Applause.) The principle of true govern
ment is designed to protect .the citizen
and not to aggrandize the ruler. It Is a
principle which we guard with commen
dable jealousy— it is the principle upon
which the national constitution is j
founded. (Cheers.) Within our boun
daries each man stands on an equal plane
with his fellows. The road of advance
ment Li open to all alike.. There is no
boy In America to-day who may not rlue
Continued From Page One.
"When St. Patrick returned to Ireland
he' found '.that nation ready for the har
vest, ¦ and ; a : most promising neld ; for his
labors. Soon after he landed he ascended
the hill of Tara, the very center of the;
Irish idolators. Then he met the kings
of Ireland, their princes and princesses, !
the Druid priests and bards.- celebrating
their Easter fetes. ;; He; announced hi3 ;
name and. his .'mission .to - the kings, 'dis
puted their tenets : withth*e Druid • priests. ••
and confounded them. -., ¦. ¦ •.• >• . •¦¦'¦'•.
\They forsook their pagan gods; their
pagan altars' crashed and crumbled
throughout the land. After leaving Tara :
his progress was " one- vast triumphal
march. Kings knelt down and embraced
Christianity,. their followers, their priests,
all alike were ¦ eager to ; embrace the new
faith. Churches and universities sprung
up on every side, and hills : and valleys
resounded with »hymns of praise to God.
St. Patrick found Ireland thoroughly pa
gan, and at his death left it thoroughly
Christian. < ¦ ; . .
"The marvelous results - of his ¦ labors
are a conclusive proof that the Irish race
was an advanced race.- The more (bar
barous and ignorant a -. people are the
harder It is for them ¦ to understand . re
ligion. The idolatry of the pagan Irish
waa refined. Christianity, appealed ,. to
their culture and ; intellect. They em
braced It willingly, and despite all ;, ef
forts to crush out . Catholicity - among
them," notwithstanding all the persecutions
they have suffered, and. all the outrages
that Protestant England has forced upon
them, they- are still . as' steadfast to the
true faith as the day St. brought
the new life and new religion Into their
being."' . \
: Solemn benediction of the blessed sac
rament followed, and-' at its close. the en
tire congregation ';¦¦ united in singing . a
hymn to St. Patrick. " ¦.. ' •
¦Jjather Caraher announced thp* snecial
masses would I be celebrated in St. ¦ Frarb
cis Church at 6:30 and 9 o'clock this morn-
Ing, the latter being a solemn high. mass.
FOUND A GOOD FIELD.
CITIES STRIVE
FOR STATE FAIR
¦ ¦ ¦ .
More Offers Received by
the Board of Agri
culture.
Poultry Department at Next
¦Exhibition: Will Be:
) Important "\ ; .
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
SACRAMENTO/. March 16.— At a post
poned meeting of vthe" directors of 'the
State Board {-of . Agriculture ' : to-day ."-• th«
following directors Vwere present: Spreck
els, Rush, Paine, ¦ Johnson.' , Macker s and
Covey., '¦':; ' -.»-. -•. : - : . i'-.'
Superintendent Grove :L.v Johnson was
authorized to : make such repairs as were
imperative at'the pavilion,'. owing, to 'the
damage I caused by * the late ¦ storm. ; Com
munications ; were ¦ received ¦ inj the " matter
of furnishing to the State Board of Agri
culture ' free 'of cost- suitable • sites I for ! ex-:
hibition and . fair "grounds outside of Sac
ramento,-with'all necessary buildings."-
A . delegation' of 'the Eighth • Ward 7 Im
provement Club, composed of Robert Mar
tyr, f J£.'i H.', Berkey, , R. . Jrvine v and O. : P.
Dodge, appeared and made suggestions as
to 'what .the Eighth Ward Club would do
in conjunction '.with the board ' to 'retain
the State Fair in Sacramento. ";- '-¦'¦' •
Henry; Berrar of San 1 Jose was selected
as j judge of . the : poultry department ¦ for
the next' fair. The directors, realizing the
great possibilities for profit* In California
In producing the poultry and eggs that are
required for/ home ¦ consumption, propose
making this department and the dairy in
dustry leading features at the next falr. :
The harness stallion stake for> 1903,
which closed February V>, was reopened
for entries to be received to May 1, laO2.
The running BtalHon stake of 1W3. for
foals of 1901, has been' extended to May 1,
"'Most of the business of the session,
which was ~ executive, • was transacted
without a quorum, and will be indorsed at
the next regular meeting of the board.
It was learned after the meeting that
the visit of the Eighth Ward Club dele
gation was to Induce tho board to dispose
of the present Agricultural Purk for city
blocks and to take land within 'the city
limits in another locality. Although' no
offers for - sites , in outside communities
were formally made, several were sug
gested, through directors.
' Oakland and Sun Joae are the towns
most deslrouH of securing the location of
the State Pair, and either city is willing
to make needful concessions. It is be
lieved, however, that the fair will be re
tained in ' Sacramento, despite the en
deavor which haa frequently been made
to remove it from the capital city.' ¦/ -; •:•
and then went to Rome, where the reign
ing Pope consecreated him a Bishop, and
heeding his request sent him to Ireland
with extraordinary powers. Thus it was
that Ireiand waa wedded.to the Holy See,
and has remained as 'strong and im
mpvable as the Rock of Peter. No stanch
er defender, has the Catholic church' than
Ireland, for in the troublous times of Plus
IX, when Garibaldi threatened the Pope, it
was her brave warriors that stemmed the
tide.- 'As you be children of Christ,' said
St. Patrick, .'so' you be also children of
Home.' *
KNIGHTS OP SI, PATRICK BANQUET
Paw Mexican . Cattlemen
Settle an Old Grudge
With Revolvers.
One of the Combatants Dies
From a Wound in the
Left Lung.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
EL PASO. Tex., March 16.— A pistol duel j
last evening between Billy Gardner and
Eugene Hulin, two prominent New Mexl
caji cattlemen at Leonard, tnirty miles
above El Paso, resulted In the death of
Gardner. Six-shooters of 45-calIber were
the weapons used. Both men harbored
an old grudge and met by chance in a
restaurant at Leonard, where Hulin was
at supper. As eoon as Gardner entered
Hulin sprang to his feet, and both drew
their weapons and commenced shooting.
Gardner's shots missed their ;mark, but
Hulin's first shot penetrated Gardner's
abdomen, but did not stop the shooting.
Hulin fired a second time and the bullet
plowed its way through Gardner's left
lung close to the heart, inflicting a wound
from the effects of which he died an hour
later. As soon as Hulin realized that he
had fatally wounded his antagonist he i
wired the Sheriff at L.as Cruces, New ;
Mexico notifying him of the occurrence
and offering to surrender. He afterward \
went to that place and gave himself up. {
Hulin Is a wealthy cattleman, residing
about thirty-five miles vnst of El Paso.
Gardner resided on his r~nch near An
thony, New Mexico. T x. uble had been
brewing between the two otockmen for
some weeks, and it waa .expected that
bloodshed would follow, a_3 both had the
reputation of being handy with their re
volvers.
. • . . . 1 t 1 ,, ¦: .'¦•- . •
Substantial, Edifice With Seat- ]
ing^ Capicuy of '500 to , Be^;
Built " ar Cost of $1 1 ,000 ;
Of Simple but Impressive D(
; sign, the StriieVureWi-l-Be
"an Ornament! 0 Its; Locality
NEW CHURCH WILL BE ERECTED
BY PARISHIONERS OF ST. J0HN'S
FIGHT A DUEL
IN RESTAURANT
THE SAN FRANCISCQ; CAiiLi, MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1902;
2
y AJ) yZBTISEMENTS.
Eruptions
Dry, moist, scaly tetter, all forms of
eczema or salt rheum, pimples and
other cutaneous eruptions proceed from
humors, either inherited or acquired
through defective digestion and assimi-
lation.
To treat these eruptions . with dry-
ing medicines is dangerous.
The thing to do is to take
Hood's Sgjjsapqrilla;
and Pills
Which thoroughly cleanse the blood,
expelling all humors arid building up
, the whole system. They cure. '¦
Accept no substitute.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed on
request/ C I. HOOD CO., Lowell. lla«».
. — . , — : t .
ThlM siga&tore is cm «r«ry box of the genutnt
LarativeBromo-QuinirieT*bieu
«k> fentd/ tt»t c*zm* m e«W ia one dagr.
JOHN J. FTO/rON CO.
DIApTES
Is* Positively Cvrablc/
Mr. Edward Short. " connected with th«
business department o£ the San Francisco
Call. Interviewed:
Q.— You are reported to have been cured
of diabetes?
A.— That Is right.
Q.— Are you sure It was diabetes?
• A.— I was rejected tor Insurance, and
later falling rapidly, our physician told
me I. bad diabetes and to put my affairs
In shape.
Q.— Have more than one physician?
A.— Tea, I had another confirm it. .He.
too. said I could not live Ions'. X had
dropped from 200 to 133 pounds and was
very weak. A neighbor told me of tha
Fulton Compound.
Q.— How long did you have to take It?
A.— About a year before I was perfectly
well. v
\ Q-— Did your physician then test for
1 sugar? </ l '^^* a *P i '^WBVfVs^P B WUM0(MsJ
A.— Both did. Both reported normal.
They were very greatly surprised at my
recovery, for they had told mo dlabetet
was incurable^ SDaaEHsjMHHMPMB
' Q.— Know of any other cures?
A: — Several. 1 I told my friend. "William
Martin, an 3. P. conductor ' of - Stockton,
about It. He had diabetes and was about
to give up his position when* I told him.
He sot the same results I did. and wai
well when killed a year or so later.
Q.— Any othersTJt^MMs^MpnpHsP
A.— I told William Hawk.ni of the Cus-
tom-house and Captain Hubbard of th«
barkentlne S. >.'. Castle, upon bearing
they had diabetes. Both of taem . wen
cured. . I also told a neighbor who had
droDsy. In a month it was eliminated. }
canTt recollect all I've told.
q'— Did It fall In any case?
A.— Not one. It Is a positive cure ro
Bright's Disease and ¦ Diabetes. Go- ovei
and see Hawkins and he will tell you th«
same thing. ' ¦ ¦' - ' •
Medical works agree that Blight's Dis-
ease and Diabetes are incurable, but HI
per cent are positively * recovering undei
the Fulton Compounds. (Common forms
of kidney complaint offer but short re-
sistance.) Price. Jl for the Bright's Dis-
ease and $1.50 for the Diabetic Compound
John J. Fulton Co., 420 Montgomery
street. San Francisco, sole compoundera
Free test made for patients. Descriptivi
pamphlet mailed free.
- ; DB. PIERCE'S BEMEDIZ3.-
it ri\l T 1 fl.««.J««t.l S* 119 * Medical Adviser, and I tnoognt
" SnP LPT IiATIP.Pfl TIlfiTlT from readin^ ifc that m^i-
0110 liU I . UUliUUUllliUliL dne would do me more good than all
the home doctors — and so it has. If any
T,ik A a Worm i' the Bud » one ha^ to1^ me *' would do me so much
r Peed On Her Damask that much good.' I can truly say that I
ni% V >* was surprised at the benefit I received. ,
ViJieeK. I can. do all *my washing and also tend
. my flower gartlen. . In fact I am on my
tt .1 ¦¦cv.i^.«. fnn^M rti» feet most all the time. An old friend of
How aptly Shakespeare^ touches tte tQ 'Why. what is the
dominant chord in * «^'^^--- matter with you? You ari getting voung
Shesuffers m^silence; drawsa purtam to ld her I had talen si£8ottlel
ov « h *r Private sorrows, and -.endm Pierce's medicines, and if she
S^sielar^o^e^ '^Z^^k* it may ««. that
ri^Sd^^l^M^. I>^ or ?«** Favorite Prescription is
thev know that they n e ed y medical aid , tmifonnly snecessful in curing aweaseS
an/ assistance, they choose rather to pecul^f to women, it is not so wonder-
beartne-Uls they know- than to- submit ™ •»£ fPpea« It IS not wonderful
to the examination of some local phy- to ns, that a machine made to perform a
r^ t/ " certain task accomplishes
.-¦: Jf ' which pull3 the train of
W^^^^^^^^^^^^^Wv 7/ r*r"^ i cars> we know
i^Wp|^p^MSBMBaJHff^'-7'' iL» if O If nothing of mechanics. ¦
\^aHBamM^^^^m^r'-f saaJzt&l a fl We know the engine was
M^ffflP'l'- fy|^S^^Har (/ 7 a We do not wonder at a
' SSBHEBEB^'^K^CVIU^^^ST, ) ¦ musical artist like Pade-
fmSSWBBBEm ?^ TV J9 rewski who sits at the ia-
l^gj^^^^j^^f Xl<^ r&^il 7 'rt 1^ 111611 ' and produces
! ffiH|^^/l^i/\^l^^ '(LuW Kow C that 1 S) I St2t pxS '
W&mMS/ 1 /)-*\Vli7( tice enables hia perfect
¦1&&B&&B&/-- Ll -?AA \ \^ )f command of the key-
VEBBBB&f S^i * I y V J 1 rlif* enced player sit down to
l^^^p^/ n^ \ / • r * Pi^ce i n .his eacperi-
K§Hff 1 'S^-JI / \V^V gamut of the female or.
Rg^p^ i jf * I experienced practitioner
i^fl^^y v 1 r^ ' \ fv • experience and skill en-
' , I success of Dr. Pierce anrl
the ordinary practitioner
oician. Vox thia reason many a woman In the treatment and cure of womanly
lets disease fasten upon her. She con-' ailments is the difference between skill,.
¦ ceals her condition and endures a daily and success on the one hand and a casual
martyrdom of pain because her mind experience on the other,
revolts at the thought of submission to gained TBN pounds.
the treatment »be knows the local prac- «t took four bottles of Dr. Pierce'*
titioner will insist upon. Favorite Prescription and two. of his
>Very many women have written grate- 'Golden Medical Discovery* and rc-
ful letters to Dr. R. V. Pierce, of Buffalo. ceived great benefit," writes Mrs. Elmer
N. Y., because they have found in his x>, Sheare, of Mounthope, Lancaster Co.,
methods an escape from the offensive p^ « I do not have those sick spells as
questions, the obnoxious examinations, formerly. Before I took your medicine
and the disagreeable local treatmenta j con ld hardly walk at times, when I had
insisted on by so many home physicians. uterine trouble. I can truly say that
These things are, as a rule, not necessary. af ter taking four bottles of * Favorite
Dr. Pierce's experience and success m Prescription • and two of 'Golden Med-
treating hundreds of thousands of women, jcaj Discovery 1 I did not suffer any
enables him at once to determine from mO rc I gained ten pounds in weight
the written statements of women the In Tune I commenced using the medicine
form of disease which it is necessary to . and in July helped to harvest the wheat,
treat. Sick women are invited to con- 'ao yO i, may know that I did not feel
suit Dr. Pierce, by letter, free. All very bad"
correspondence is sacredly confidential Doctor* Pierce's Favorite Prescription
and the same strict professional privacy establishes regularity, dries disagreeable
guards the written confidences of women drains, heals inflammation and ulccra-
as ia observed by Dr. Pierce and his staff tj on an a c^ f^-.^ • wea kness. It
in personal consultation* with women at tranquilizes the nerves, encourages the
the Invalids' Hotel and Snrgical InsU- appetite, and induces refreshing sleep,
tute, Buffalo, N. Y. As a tonic for weak, worn-out, rundown
*a woman's statement. women it is unequaled. It makes weak
«I enjoy good: health, thanks to women strong, sick women well.
¦Dr Pierce's Favorite Prescription and Acc *pt no substitute for « Favorite
'Golden^ ; '- Medical ; Discovery,?^ writea-v. Prescription." : The only motive for sub- .
Mrs. J. T. Schnetyer, of, Pontlac, Living- stitntion is to enable the dealer to make
ston Co., 111. * Have taken . six '. bottles l»*tle more profit paid on the sale of
of each kind, I. was taken sick last less meritorious medianes.
February and the doctors here called it Civsn away.
'Grip.' I lay for four weeks in bed, The Common Sense Medical Adviser
then when I got up I found I had * Dis- referred to in Mrs. Schnetyer's letter ia
placement.' Had such aches and pains sent free on receipt of stamps to pay,
in my back and limbs could not stand ' expense of mailing only. This great
any length of time. I knew that our medical work contains over a thousand'
home doctor would insist the first ,thing large pages and more than seven hundred
on an examination, and that I wptfld not illustrations. Send 31 one-cent stamps
submit to, unless I was dangerously sick, for the cloth-bound volume, or only 2t
and then it would be too late to do any stamps for the boe^k in paper covers*
£ood. My son had your book, Common ; ; . Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.TACOMA, Wash., March 16.— MoIIie
Thompson has been pardoned at Dawson
after serving one year In prison for the
alleged robbery of a Klondike miner. Her
pardon was signed by Governor Ross just
before he started for Ottawa. She came,
down on the steamer Seatttle and will go
to California to benefit her health, which
has been greatly impaired. This consid
eration was largely instrumental in/ se
curing her release. She was part propri
etor of a hotel at Grand Forks.
Woman Released From Prison.
Starting wltn such a hypothesis, it ts
evident that there has been laid already
the eroundwork of harmony,, and that if
all. these factors are as sincere as they
appear to be the details may easily be
-worked out."^p*"ll|» |W
The Greater New York Democracy is
pleoged to act with a majority of the
party in State and national questions,
and assurances have already been given
Dy its leaders to Mr. Hill that it win noc
oppose any movement looking to har
mony in tfie State If there be no inter
ference on the part of the State machine
witn its policy, of endeavoring to wrest
control In New York County from Tam
many Hall. Mr. Nixon has expressed
himself as willing to submit the question
of local ascendency to the decision of
the ballot, so . tnat there Is evidence that
upon State matters no trouble may bd
expected from him or his advisers.
. That there i^ a^ tendency on the part
of Democrats of ail shades of opinion
to- regard Mr. Hill as the logical leader
of the State organization is manifest as
much from the actions of the leaders of
lesser renown as from the statements
attributed to him.
Mr. NLton has said that Mr. Hill would
be acceptable to him; the Brooklyn lead
ers have .been in frequent consultation
with former Controller Coler. who, under
Mr. Hill's tutelage, aspires to the Dem
ocratic nomination, and have agreed to
support him. and the indeoendent ele
ment, as represented by John C. Shee
han and Borough President Cantor, haa
already acknowledged' the former Sena
tor as the man to head the machine.
If the result of the conference la sat
isfactory to all persons concerned an ef
fort which undoubtedly will prove suc
cessfUt will later be made to induce the
Greater New York Democracy and other
independent organizations to join hands
for harmony in the State, without preju
dice, however, to rights? to contest for
local control.
Mr. Hill is expected in this city to-mor
row, and his local agents have arranged
for a conference between him, Lewis
Nixon, representing Tammany Hall, and
State Senator McCarren and James Shev
lin, dual regents of* the Brooklyn Dem
ocracy in the absence of Hugh Mc-
Laughlin.
NEW YORK, March 16.-Actlon in all
probability will v be taken this week look-
Ing toward the complete harmonization
of the waning-, elements of the Demo
cratic party in this State, and, ultimately,
to the agreement ' of all the factions to
recognize former Senator David B. Hill
as State leader.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Harmony Scheme 'Will 22ot Affect
Local Fights for Control
of the Municipal
Organizations.
Steps Being Taken to Unite
All Factions Under His
Leadership.^
Former Senator to Head
New York State
7 Machine.
DEMOCRATS
REGARD HILL
AS A MOSES
3
Celebration at Mountain View.
SAN JOSE. March lfi.— The Hibernians
of Santa Clara County will celebrate St.
Patrick's day at Mountain View. Many
San Mateo County members will Join in
the festivities. Divisions 1 and 3 of this
city, accompanied by the Fifth Regiment
band, will leave here on the 9:50 train,
and on arriving at Mountain View there
•will be a short parade. At 10:30 the new
church of Father Cullen will be dedicated.
The Hibernians will take part in the
ceremonies. After this a literary pro
gramme wall be given. County President
SI. Farrell will be chairman. State Pres
ident Franklin Conklln will be present
and make an address.
General Miles really called on business
very important business it seemed to him.
He laid before the President his plan -to
put an end to the hostilities in the Philip-
S'nes without additional sacrifice of life,
r. Roosevelt, it is understood, suggested
certain modifications in the papers sub
mitted and directed the general to present
themvto the Secretary cf War. This was
done, with the result stated.
Intimate friends of General Miles say
they know nothing of the report that he
and the President had some words about
a month, ago over the Schiey reprimand.
3t was rumored that General Miles had
gone to the White House and had told
Mr. Roosevelt he had been much dis
>turbed by the reprimand administered
by thft direction of the President as the
result of an indiscreet interview- on the
Schiey case, given out by an. army officer,
and that he had convinced himself the
President was not to blame, but that Mr.
Root and Genera! Corbln were respon
sible. The President replied, according: to
the story, that he would have ordered
the reprimand, no matter who had been
on duty in the department.
It is reported on what seem8 good authority
that some ti^ie a?o General Miles atked to be
eeat to the Philippines. He visited the White
House and had an audience with the Presi
dent about a month ago. It was his first ap
pearance there, except at an official function,
since the severe reprimand administered to him
in connection vt-ita the Scaley case.- and the
visit was chronicled as an evidence of a
reconciliation between ti^e President and the
ranking officer ot. the' army.
CALL, BUBBA.U. 1406 G STREET. N.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 16.— It de
veloped to-day that Lieutenant General
Nelson A. Miles of the army made a spe
cific request to the War Deoartment a
month ago to be sent to the Philippines
end In connection therewith submitted a
plan by which, in his opinion, the war
could be brought to an end without fur
ther lo*s of life to either elde. He pro
posed to employ methods similar to those
•used by him «o successfully In his Indian
campaigns.
Secretary Root, after due consideration,
denied General Miles' reauest and dis
approved the plan submitted. The papers,
so indorsed by the Secretary, were sent
to the White House and the President
subsequently concurred in the Secretary's
action. The final indorsement, disposing
of the matter, is said to bear the date of
M La C effect. President Roosevelt and Sec
retary Root hold that the war to. the
Philippines is already at an end. or vir
tually bo. and that -the adoption of Gen
eral ililes' plan, involving a change of
policy in dealing with the inhabitants of
i^he archipelago, would be unfair to those
fc'Scials. military and civil, whose work
lias brought about almost complete paci
fication.
An element cf real news in a recent
article by Colonel Henry Watterson on Jhe
political situation and the outlook for
&04 served to bring out the foregoing
facts regarding General Miles' request
and the action thereon. Colonel Watter-
Gon said:
Epoclal Dispatch to Tho Call.
folds That the Islands Are Practi
cally Pacified and That No' : V'.\
Change of Methods Is
Needed.
Insurrection.
President Rejects General's
Plan to Crush Out the
His Request to Be Sent
to the Philippines
Is Denied.
MILES ONCE
MORE MEETS
COLD REBUFF
Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a pleasure It; Is to - look ; at pretty
photographs?" Qet a camera and take the
photos yourself. . We have cameras from
e0o up. Sanborn, Yall & Co, 741 Market. *
VETW YORK. March 16.^-aeneraljB.-F.
Tracy, ex-Secretary of. the Navy, ".-. ' was
reported to-nl«ht to be improving stead
ily
General Tracy Is Improving.
In > knowing that we ; have Just opened :. up
an entirely new. line j, of bags and
chatelaines which ; are made ; in ¦ all ; leath
ers.- The: prettiest HUle .bags you~ever
saw, ;¦> and ; some ; as • cheap ' : as 50c ¦ each.
Hand-cut steel ibead chatelaine bags ! from
|3 up. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market *
You'/Will' Be Interested
WASHINGTON, March - i6.I_i t j a ' un _
deretood that , Frank P. Sargent the
chief 'of the Brotherhood of Locomotive
Firemen, will accept the office of Com
missioner of ! Immigration in tho Treas
ury when it is . formally of-"
fered him. HUBn^
Sargent Will Accept the Office.
MICHIGANfSr COLD WAVE.
' DETROIT. Mich., March; 16.— To-night
the ,- temperature ' here dropped 26 degrees,
with high" wind and" flurries of snow/geh
eral throughout the - State, in the ex^
trem'e 'southwestern part'- of the State a
blizzard prevails. •- > -
KALAMAZOO, Mich. , March 16.— Within
the past . twelve hours there has ' been a
drop in : temperature of nearly, 40 degrees.
A gale is blowing, and 'a' blizzard is raging
throughout Southern Michigan. "C; r
'¦ WASHINGTON, 1 March; 16,-^The insular
division : of the .War ! Department has pre
pared' for : publication an extract : from its
regular: monthly^ bulletin of the commerce
'of ; the -Philippines," comparing; the : eight
months ; ended " August 31, 1901, and '- 1900. . i
X- If ls v shown 'that '¦; the : total ; value
merchandise "< fmpprted , during the eight
months-ended: August^ 31,^1901. was $19.
618 596,- against $14,580 ,457 -* ; for the ¦ same
nerled of 1900; and the total value of mer
chandise exported , during the ; eight
months 3 ended . August ? 31, 1901, was ", $16,- '
935 405. against ' $15,928,015 for the - same
period of ¦ ¦"¦ -,v .-- '
Imports show an Increase, of. 35 per
cent during the period of 1901," as compared'
with the same period -of .1900., In 5 the'ex
?' orts • there » was < a ¦ 6 J per ,' cent increase In
avor ' of '. 1901. The ; imports '; from . the
United States, •' exclusive of gold } and sil-
Insular Division of {the War Depart
; \f- ment^ Issues an I Interesting
¦ Statistical Report.
PHIIIPPINE COMMERCE /
: .' ? : STEADILY : INCREASING
SPARTA, Wls. ", - March >¦ 16.— The worst
blizzard', of the season ; has prevailed i in
this section for the past twenty-four hours
and is' still raging.' The mercury is below
zero, and the snow Is driven by a high
Wind.''.-- -" ' ¦"':¦•='¦' *¦¦¦''¦ -' ¦ ¦ V- ¦.- ;••,.-¦:
BLACK RIVER FALLS, Wis. , March
16.— The - worst storm in • years is .raging
here and roads are impassable. .>',•
LA CROSSE, Wis., March 16.-The ther
mometer .here registered zero ' to-day and
to-night is ,' still ; falling. • A . high wind is
.blowing, and Ismail -buildings and trees
have been wrecked. : ' -
HIGH WIND DRIVES . SNOW.
The police at the Central. station have
been working hard for the past few days
in an effort to break up a daring band of
burglars! who confine their operations to
the territory known as North Beach. Sev
eral crimes have been reported by resi
dents of the district, as well as merchants'
and saloonkeepers. The latest haul made
by the burglars was on, Saturday night,
when they entered the grocery store of
Stulz Bros., at, 633 Montgomery avenue
and stole $160 and a quantity of goods'. '
When a clerk employed by Stulz Bros. ;
came to the store yesterday, morning to
attend to some business that had been
neglected- the previous day, he was
startled ¦ to find the rear door ouen He
f l '.once .investigated and found I that the
lock had been pried /.off with a "jimmie."
This ; implement of crime had also been
applied to the cash register, a till under
the counter, and a nickel -and slot ma
chine. In these repositories, however the
crooks did not find what they were look-'
Ing for. so they searched the store until
they discovered a sack containing $150 in
gold, which had been hidden behind goods
on one of the shelves. . . 6 ™
SALT XaAJCE. Utah. March U.— Artificial
rubber Is now being made In a small way
In the laboratory of Professor C. H. La
belle of this city, formerly of San Fran
cisco. A company Is being organized to
manufacture the product on an extensive
scale. The process is kept a secret, but
the Inventor says that the principal In
gredients are petroleum distilled from the
oil shale which exists In vast deposits in
Utah, elaterite, albertlte and certain kinds
of talc It Is claimed for the artificial
rubber that In many ways it is superior
to the natural produce, particularly as re
gards durability. It can be produced for
one and a half cents a pound, while crude
natural rubber* sells at upward of a dollar
a pound. It is the Intention of the backers
of the Inventor to erect two extensive
factories. One of these will -be on Long
iBland Sound and the other will be in
Utah. All the materials used are found
in extensive deposits In this State, but
the promoters of the enterprise were un
able to get hold of enough albertlte In
Utah, the principal deposits being In the
hands of others. For that reason , they
have secured extensive deposits in Cuba
and the decision was reached to put up a
factory In the East, because it would be
convenient to reach with the raw material
and because It would be a good distribut
ing: point. Professor Label Je has been
working on his process for several yean,
and has perfected it only recently. It Is
claimed that the artificial rubber ~ has
been submitted to the severest tests, and
that It has undergone them all success
fully.
BURGLARS WORW
ON NORTH BEACH
vavu town, March 16.— Mr. Rhodes
took some nourishment during last night,
but was decidedly weaker this morning.'
At 4 o'clock this afternoon his condition
was unchanged. .:
Rhodes' Condition "Unchanged.
BRUSSELS, March 16— It- Is said here
that Mr. Kruger has sent a messenger
to South Africa with dispatches for Gen
eral Schalk-Burger. Members of the en
tourage of Mr. Kruger assert that the
Boers now possess, seventeen guns.
Boers Possess Seventeen Grins.
Some damage was done to the town of
Cordele, Ga... by the heavy rains, and a
wash-out Is reported near, there. > - . • -. ;
i BRUNSWICK, Ga.. March 16.— The sur
rounding • country is flooded. Rain < haa
been coming down ', here In torrents since
noon, and there Is 1 no indication of a ces
sation. Not a train is moving over the
Brunswick and Birmingham , Railroad.
Through Buffalo Swamp water covers the
tracks for nearly I a mile, and passengers
were unable to get ; to. Brunswick. -
MONTGOMERY, Ala:, March 16. — The
Seaboard Air L^ne suffered severely by
last night's rains, and its trains in this
part of the State are Indefinitely annulled.
It/ lost '* a bridge and considerable " track
near Hurtsboro," and lesser wash-outs are
reported at other points.
.ATLANTA, Ga., March 16.— Heavy rains
yesterday and last night In Northern and
Middle Georgia caused the Atlanta
Weather Bureau to send flood warnings
to-day to Eufalua, Ala;,- and West Point
and Columbus, Ga.. predicting a rapid
rise in the Chattahoochie. North Alabama
was deluged, as were portions of South
Georgia and Northern Florida, and
streams in those sections of the South are
out of their banks. .
At Albany, Ga., Flint River, which rose
at the rate of a foot an hour Utst night,
has not' yet reached the maximum height
expected. The rainfall there in the past
three days has been nearly twelve inches.
Many sewers .burst, and houses in the
low-lying quarter of the town were sur
rounded by water. The river is still ris
ing. The tracks of the Central of Georgia
and the Plant system between Albany and
Thomasville are under water, In several
places.-"" " ¦ ' ' V ¦ •
The Chattahoochee at Columbus, Ga.,
rose seven feet to-day and is still on the
upward move. The wash-out near Ever
ett City/iGa.," has not , yet ' been , repaired,
and has prevented the departure of » J.
Pierpont Morgan and party, who were to
have left Brunswick yesterday for Cin
cinnati.-. . . . :. •. - .... '¦ ¦. ¦' .
Georgia Out of Their Banks.
Streams in Alabama, Florida and
FLOODS IN THE SOUTH.
- With the subsidy" bill disposed of.-the
bilU introduced' by" Senator Hoar for the
protection of the President of the United
States from- assassination will, assume
first place on the calendar, having. been
made the unfinished- business. ItJs not
expected, howevfr, that there will be pro
longed debate upon this bill, and there is
great interest among Senators as to which
of several measures will be next pre
ferred. The Republican steering commit
tee probably will meet on Monday to con-'
aider this matter.; .. -
Either the- oleomargarine bill or the
Chinese exclusion bill doubtless will be
made the unfinished : business to succeed
the Presidential protection measure,
though the Nicaragua canal bill alstf is
pressing for attention. The canal bill,
nowever,- according 'to present under
standing, -will be compelled to wait on
both the other bills. -. There • is a ' sugges
tion, which members, of the steering com
mittee are considering, to allow the Chi
nese bill and the oleomargarine bill to run
alongside by side, one of them occupy
ing the "morning hour and the other talc
ing the time after the expiration of that
hour. Senator Proctor, who will have
charge of the oleomargarine bill, and Sen
ator Penrose, • who will lead | the fight for
the Chinese bill; are equally confident of
the outcome. - .'. ' . '
' The House, during the present week,
will pass the river and harbor bill,' will
decide the contested election case of Moss
vs. Rhea from the Third Kentucky ; Dis
trict, and, will consider the bill for the re
tirement of officers of the revenue -cut
ter ' service: ! Such . is the programme - of
the House leaders.' The report In the con
tested election case is against Rhea, the
sitting member,. who. Is a Democrat, and
it is regarded as a foregone conclusion
that he will be unseated. ' The revenue
cutter service , bill was defeated > in the
last Congress, but^ its friends claim. they
have hope ' that it will meet a better fate
now •;¦ It is ' believed that the river * and
harbor bill - will not consume ' more : than
two days. A few members who are dls
- satisfied with appropriations for improve
ments in their districts will make an ef
fort to amend It on the floor to meet their
Individual wishes, but the committee be
lieves it will have strength enough to pre
vent any ' attempt to amend . it and > that
it will pass in. the form in which it was
reported. - : ¦¦'•-:',"¦¦¦¦¦
/WASHINGTON, March ¦ 16.— In accord;
ancs with the . agreement reached a week
ago, the Senate will begin voting on the
ship subsidy bill and amendmehts_ to-mor
row afternoon at 3 o'clock. There will be
no\ speech -making after the voting .-be
gins. - The, Senate will meet. at U o'clock,
an hour~ earlier than usual, In order to
give Senators who may, still wish to be
heard an opportunity to speak on the bill
before the time to vote arrives^ , .
abandoned. The thermometer is at- zero.
MINOT, N. D.. -March. 16.— The blizzard
which has. raged for three days is mod
erating to-night and the sky is clearing.
An trains are late. . . > . .
Dispose of, the
Measure.
- y ...::/¦ . .^ .; :¦¦¦ ••¦ l v • ;
Senate Is Now Ready to
' Continued From Page One.
rich and poor alike during her six years'
residence in Monterey, and there is uni
versal mourning for her untimely death.
She was Well known in San Francisco,
where she lived before her marriage. The
funeral, which will be private, will take
place to-morrow, and in accordance with
her own request the. interment will be in
the Roman Catholic Cemetery here.
.ver, during the eight months of 1901, was
' $2,470,050, being an increase of 64 per cent
over the same period of the preceding
year, while the export figures show $a,
960,687, or. a slight increase In favor of
1901.' ¦ r, v . v- r
The import figures show a gain of near
ly $1,000,000 on foodstuffs, and in manufac
tured articles of nearly $4,000,000 for the
eight months of 1901. Agricultural exports
for the period mentioned show a slight in
crease during 1901. the showing for this
period being $14,539,887, of which amount
$9,436,566 is credited to hemp, the leading
article of export. . The export figures of
$1,709,169 in manufactured articles for the
period of 1901 nearly doubled those of
1900, while products of the»mines and for
ests show, a decided Increase over 1900.
Further evidence of the ability, of the
Boe^s to penetrate/ the blockhouse lines
is contained In a dispatch from Heilbron
Orange River Colony, which describes
how Commandant Mentz, on the night
of. March 10. crossed the Heilbron-Wolve
hoek line at Gottenburg. One Boer ad
vanced, firing his rifle. Two pickets be
tween the blockhouses returned this flre
and killed the Boer and his horse. The
Boers then cut the wire fence and drova
in a mob of loose horses, which knocked
down 200 yards of the fence. -Commant
ant ''Mentz then dashed through with
more than 300 Boers and the pickets were
ppwerless to stop the overwhelming rush
Boers Break Blockhouse Line.
Delarey's Humane Course.
Lord Kitchener's telegraphic dispatch
showing that the fighting lasted / much
longer than was supposed confirms the
belief that the disaster to General
Methuen's forces was due to leaving too
large a gap between the front convoy
and the rear and to placing an Insufficient
screen .behind the rear guard, which
brought 'about a. panic among the troops
as a result of the Boer onslaught. v-"&
Much resentment is felt here that the
Boers wore British uniforms and badges,
but satisfaction is expressed at the latest
accounts of the affair, as indicating that
the British- troops behaved better than
was supposed from the earlier report.
From either dispatches It appears that
General Methuen was shot while riding
to bring up the mounted troops,- and .that
hls.,horse was killed. After the surren
der General Delarey rode up ttnd treated
General Methuen with the greatest cour
tesy and consideration. He ordered his
return to Klerksdorp under the care of
his own nephew and a medical officer.
According to the Klerksdorp correspon
dent of the Daily Mail, the burghers
were so angry at this that a party of
them went out and brought General
Methuen back. General Delarey, ¦ how
ever, overruled the objections of the
burghers.
The correspondent of the Daily Mail
pays a tribute to General Delarey'8- hu
manity and describes him as a "brilliant
fighter and a born leader, who brings no
bitterness or. racial feeling to his task,
and who sternly represses any excesses
on the part of the burghers."
bulk of the mounted troops off the field."
DISCOVERS WAY
TO MAKE RUBBER
LONDON, March 16.— The War
Office has received the following
communication from Lord Kitch
ener at Pretoria:
"Lord Methuen has sent me a
staff officer with a dictated dis
patch, from which It appears that
certain particulars previously given
are Inaccurate. The rear screen
of mounted troops was rushed and
overwhelmed at dawn. There was a gap
of a mile between the ox and the mule
convoys. The mounted supports to the
rear of the screen, with General Metbuen,
immediately reinforced by all . the availa
ble mounted troops and a section of the
Thirty-eighth battery, maintained \ thern^
selves for an hour, during which the con
voys were closed up without disorder.
"In the meanwhile 200 infantry were be
ing disposed by Lord Methuen to resist
the Boer attack, which was outflanking
the left of the rear guard. The Boers
pressed the attack hard, and the mounted
troops continuing to fall back, the Infan
try was carried with them In the rout.
Two guns of the Thirty-eighth battery
were thus left unprotected, but continued
In action until every man, -with the excep
tion of Lieutenant Nesham, was hit. Lieu
tenant Nesham was called on to sur
render, and, upon refusing to do so, was
killed.
Lord Methuen-'s Brave Stand.
"Lord -Methuen, with 200 of the North
umberland Fusiliers, and two guns of the
Fourth Battery, then found himself iso
lated, but held on for three hours. Dur
ing this period the remaining infantry—
namely, one hundred of the Lancashires,
with some forty mounted men, mostly
Cape police, who had occupied the kraal
near the wagons — also continued to hold
out against the repeated attacks of the
Boers.
"By this time ' Lord Methuen was
wounded and the casualties were exceed
ingly heavy among his men. The am
munition was mostly expended, and the
surrender was made at about 9:30 in the
morning.
"The party In the kraal still held out
and did not give in until two guns and a
pompom were brought to b^ar upon
them at about 10 o'clock, making their
•position untenable.
| "It is confirmed that most of the Boers
tcore our khaki uniforms. Many also
wore our badges. Even at close quarters
they could not be distinguished from our
men.
"It is clear- the infantry fought well
and the artillery kept up the traditions of
their regiment. In addition to the forty
members of the Cape police already men
tioned, a few parties of Imperial yeoman
ry and Cape police continued to hold their
ground after the panic had swept the
THE LATE MRS. K. M. PETERS
WHOSE -DEATH OCCURRED
k AT MONTEREY.
(Photo by Thors.)
COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF THE BRITISH FORCES OPERATING
AGAINST THE BOER PATRIOTS IN SOUTH AFRICA. THIS POR
TRAIT IS REPRODUCED FROM HIS LATEST PHOTOGRAPH.
SHIPPIMG BILL
REACHES VOTE
¦si>r' -'ONTERET,' / March '" 16T— Mrs.
/Tfll I : Kathleen Murphy Petef s, e
\, '-'¦ m| ot ; the ¦ noted-^ artist, -'Charles
A ..'li'RolIo Peters, died at her home
¦;,-' :_•- „;•- here early this 'morning,: hav
ing lived more ; than .7forty-elght hours .
after her physicians gave her. .up, .her
marvelous vitality alone '. keeping her
alive.' ".For three days she -had been sink-'
ing and though; apparently • better at in
tervals she 'never' really rallied.
Dr. McMonagle. came from San Fran
cisco on Friday and remained constantly '
at her . bedside until the end, co-operat
ing with Drs. Hughes of San Francisco 3
and Morton of Del Monte, . who were in ,
charge of the case. ¦. Every possible means
of saving her life was tried. Yesterday
anti-toxlne was administered as a /last
resort, but even that: powerful S remedy
proved ineffectual in counteracting the ¦
poison that had spread 'until her whole
system was involved. . . • V.'
About 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon she
had a sinking spell, that was the beginning
of the end. .and between 5 and 6. o'clock
this morning '• she - passed-. quietly .away,
without having regained consciousness.
None of her family .except her husband
and one sister; Miss Gertrude Murphy of
San Francisco were t with her at the last,
one brother being in the East andanother
brother and sister In San Francisco.
She leaves four children, .the - eldest,
Charles Rolld Jr.,' about 9 years old, 'and ;
the youngest, twin boy and girl, 'just' three
weeks old. Mrs.';Peters was greatly be
loved here.^havlng endeared herself to
STORM'S GRIP OH THE DAKOTAS
Since Mr. "¦ Roosevelt has been President,
earnest pressure has been applied to him
to induce him to remove Mr. Evans. Tha
President at first believed that the
chargesXagainst the Commissioner were
Inspired by disgruntled members of the
SGrand Army, but he is said, to have
changed his view and to. have given as-
I surances that a new Commissioner, will
! be appointed. . .' . • ' :
! Mr. Evans is soon to undergo arraign
i ment by a- committee 'appointed by the
: Grand Army, of the Republic at. its last
• encampment to make an investigation of,
i the pension system. This committee haa
I completed its report and it Is now being
! sent to different members to sign. The
1 report is kept secret' for the present,' but
! it Is said that it is decidedly unfavorable
to Mr. Evans; that it -shows that he has
disapproved .many worthy, pension appli
cations and that he has failed to' carry
out the olain directions 'bf. the law. v ¦
I 'Mr. Evans apparently tTsjnot concerned
! over the -report of .the committee," but la
I preparing ammunition with . which to re
turn the fire to which .he expects to be
1 subjected.
This announcernenf "will be . received
with a feeling of satisfaction by members
of the Grand Army, .who; have long been
making an earnest fight, against Mr.
Evans." The Commissioner ' ; himself :¦ ap
parently does- not believe that' his :term
of office is ; about to expire. - He called on
the President yesterday and had -a long
conference with him, the .first In; some
months. . :
"I have not resigned and I do not know
that I shall resign," Vildt Mr. .Evans^this
afternoon. "Certainly .ay resignation
has not ye't been called for." ' ' •-•..,.•':¦
' Clouds ~are gathering thick about;- Mr.'
Evans' head, however, and ,'. it • is gener
ally predicted that the lightning is about
to strike. Mr. Evans may not be removed
from the Government service, but may
be" transferred to some other post, leav
ing the office of Pension Commissioner to
be filled by a man more friendly to the
old soldiers." In Senatorial circles it is
said that the successor of Mr. Evans will
be either former Representative Blue or
former Representative Peters, both of
Kansas. The Grand Army will approve
the choice of one or the other of these
men.
A gentleman who has been especially.
Interested in Commissioner Evans' case
said to-day that when President McKin
ley was inaugurated last March, he sent
for Mr. Evans and to»d him that he de
sired his' resignation. Afthe time he of
fered the place to Colonel John C. Car
penter of Kansas. Colonel Carpenter de
clined the office and Mr. Evans remained.
I CALL BUREAU, 1406 -G STREET," N.'j
W.V WASHINGTON,- March 16.— Officers |
of the Grand Army 'of .the 'Republic, as-'i
sert positively to-night "'that -iH. Clay.
Evans' days as Commissioner of Pensions
are ; numbered.' v» ."'. ; - :¦',... •; . .'_¦.
¦ ¦ ¦ , - -v
Special Dispatch to. The Call.:
Former Representatives •¦ Blue and
-. Peters of ; Kansas .Are •;
Mentioned' for the ;. r ' : .
Position. ; • : ; .V.
Old Soldiers - Say ¦ This As
surance Comes From; > ¦-
; ¦' the •President;;:;?".-: ¦'¦&<'"
Pension Commissioner s;i
' Removal: Not Far r
M Distant. :;
GRAND ARMY
TO TRIUMPH
OVER EVANS
the sa:n m
Further Details of Delarey's Victory Show That Lord Me
thuen, Isolated by Panic-Stricken Flight of Cavalry,
Held His Ground for Many Hours Before Surrendering.
KITCHENER ADMITS ROUT
OF THE TIOUNTED TROOPS
Mrs. Kathleen Murphy Peters Who Had by Kind Works En
jv5 deared Herself to the Peop'e of the Famous Seaside
:;-f To wn'i Passes Away Despite All the^Efforts of Physicians
WIFE OF NOTED ARTIST
DIES IN OLD MONTEREY
ADVEETISElSIElITrS." 'J"^
'
Sick" headache, nerrous head-
ache, tired headache, neuralgic
headache, catarrhsl headache,
headache from excitement, in .
fact, headaches of all kinds are
quickly and surely cured with
DR.. MILLS'
Pain Pills.
Also all pains such as backache,
neuralgia, sciatica, rheumatic
pains, monthly pains, etc.
•Dr. Miles' Patn Pills arc worth their
wd*ht in gold," says Mr. W. D. Krea-
zner, of Arkistas City, Kan, They
cored ray wife of chronic *>»«jfrhe
when wyt"'"g else wosld."
i -Dr. Miles' P«in PUls drira away
Mpiixi as if by roasic. I am never with-
out a supply, and think everyone
should keep them handy. One or two
pills taken on approach of headache
will prevent it every time."
Mks. Judge Johnson, Chicago, HL
Through their use thousands of
people have been enabled to at-
tend social and religious func-
tions, travel, enjoy amusements,
etc., with comfort. As a prevent-
ative, when taken on the ap-
proach of a recurring attack,
they arc excellent.
Sold by all Drut»i«t«,
25 Doua, 25 cental
Or. Miles Medical Co., Elkh«rt,fnd.
/ gg».0EWEY.srRaWG&C0. r^
ifljPATENTS^ J)
V'Vj.^M i-J» MULL 'm | || |j iuj— T> X
MARKET ST. .SE^^S^
Tg5» «lga*tTtr> U ob, mtvrj box of tha yamifaf
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tab^u
ADVERTISEMENTS.
11 O
ii . ¦ - ' - - ' >. - <}
© be mam ' .^skbw ;v'--n . ' •""•'; o
i 1 bob Va k u3 tnjiffk wem^frfc E3*C9p9^ft KSflD^ ¦ »
I l e£t3 S3 §J u^Cw Rpj K9 VAlw |H En EH tij^Cil Cl gj QSJf a j
I ; Show little Evidence ot Real Disease— They Havo |
] | Simply^ Been Overworked and are Tired, T
i| Fagged, Played-Oui, Exhausted. i
• ' ¦ * • - - '
i Don't try to whip them to greater exertion thing that has reached my ailment" *"~ ;
- i wlta stimulants, condiments and apices. From Mrs. Del. Eldred, Sun Prairie, TTK, {
- i Such treatment will only leare them worse "I was taken dizzy Terr suddenly during the ,
i In the end. ~* w$B0!PP«MMm*HM hot weather of tho past summer. Alter ten ,
i The proper treatment Is something to help days of constant dizziness I went to our local ,
• i i . digest the food and give the stomach needed physician, who said my liver was torpid and ,
'¦ | i : rest and at the same time tons up and ener- I had orer heated my blood; he doctored me ,
i giz» the exhausted organ. ¦- ¦--.¦ for two weeks without much Improvement; I ,
i There Is ono remedy that will do this. It finally thought of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets jn '
I i Is oonrenlent, safe, cheap, reliable and satis- (which I had used long before for various q
-'¦ i i factory,. Once used, the dyspeptic is its ad- bad feelings) ' and the first three tablets «
i rocate and friend. - it can do bought at any helped me. T,
'( r drug store for fifty cents a box; call for They are easily the best all around family Jn
', i r Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets and you hare It. medicine I erer used." 71
; i i " - Mrs.' G. H. Crotsley, B3S Washington St., Mr. N.~ J. Booher, Chicago, . EL, writes : 3
"1 1 Hoboken. "Sevr Jersey, writes : "Stuart's Dys- "Catarrh is a local condition resulting from . j
1 1 \ pepsia Tablets just till tho bill for , children a neglected cold In the head.- whereby the m
I 1 as well as for older folks. I've had 1 , the best lining membrano of the nose becomes lnflam- <¦
7 1 i of luck with them. My three-year-old girl ed and the poisonous discharge therefrom - 1 1
1 takes them as readily as candy. <• I have only passing . backward Into the throat reaches 1 «
- 1 1 to say tablets* ana , she drops everythlnj thu stomach, thus producing catarrh of tha <
1 1 else and rues for them." stomach. Medical authorities prescribed ftfr 1!
1 : Miss Leila DlTely, 4C27 Plummer St., Pitts- motor three rears for catarrh of stomach c
- 1 1 burg. Pa., writes: "I trlsh everyone to know without cure, but today I am the happiest of e
i I bow grateful I am for Stuart's Dyspepsia men .after using only one box of Stuart's t
,' 1 1 Tablets. • I suffered for a long time and did Dyspepsia Tablets. I cannot find appropri- < j
1 not know what ailed rno. I lost flesh right ate words to express my good feeling. I : i\
'1 along until one day I noticed an ' advertise- havo found flesh, appetite and sound rest 41
,| » ment ot theso tablets and Immediately from their use." . • Cl
, 1 1 .'bought a AO cent box at the drug store. I am Send a postal card or letter to the F. A. 81
1 only on the second* box and am gaining in Stuart Co.. Marshall Mich., for their tree « I '
' eg ¦ flesh oad color. I have at last found some- book on dyspepsia. v <j. v-It as _• reported that the^managers; oLforty-one'bur-.
lesque theaters 'in , the . East have organized : a' trust, ,
anditiow we ! shall see'.whether a trust ; can elevate -the :
stage ;or!_rhereiy raise^he "price; • r ; • - •.. V
- Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public •, ni " m b ? rn t _, <
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 5» Mw£
gomery street. Telephone Main 104* .W
There are 6491-3 million men and 633 2-3
million women , In this world, ¦ giving the
men a majority of 15 1-3 millions ?
Townsend's California glace fruit 50c a
pound. In flre-etched boxes or Jap. ba»
icets. A nice present for Eastera f riends.
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. • >
. Quality makes price! Were Burnett* a Vanilla
Extract no better than other extract, it.^ri»
would be thejame^once tried Ta?wa% usX
Cai: glace friilt 50c per 1b at Towiisend's.*
PERSONAL MENTION.
A.C. Brayles.a mercharit of Chlco, 13
at the Lick. ..
-, ,O. J. Woodward, a' banker of , Fresno,
isBtaying.at the Lick.' 1
i Sil Rummelsburg,\a' merchant "of .'Colusai
is a late arrival. at : the Grand. ; '.': . •
/; M. M. Potter; a'hbtel!6wner, of Los An
geles,' is a guest at the Palace. . '.
\V. K.- Bradbury, ; superintendent, of the
paper mills at'Floriston; is'at the 'Grand:
William j N. " Russ, . a .cattle ';.idea|er of
Ex. strong hoarhouad candy. Townsfend's.*
Eureka, is one of the arrivals at the
X^ICK. T
A ; curious story comes from Europe. to the effect
that the Spanish Government meditates prolonging
thje regency for. five years on account of "the inca
pacity of 'King Alfonso to exercise the functions of
sovereignty." Whether that means that the Queen'
Regent is ambitious of further power and is making
a'.figbt for: it or? that the young King is really .Weak
minded-does not appear, but in either case, the out
look is bad for Spain. A decadent nation ,with an in
competent King has a ;poor show of. holding its own
'.;lt is reported' from London that while -in; that 'city;
Mr. Schwab of the billion dollar trust -dined at" a res
taurant where -he was given a pudding ¦ so delicious
that t he ; offered the ..restaurant man • $2500 \ to go"; to ,
•New,;,York" and prepare 'a .similar /pudding - large'
enough to'; feast 100 millionaires whom he intends to
¦ entertain. story illustrates how : qujckly - a ¦ "man
loses amodest pie appetite when he gets >• pudding
fortune r al)d. how. big American puddings .are; going
to be when we learn 'the British method of] making"
them.'. .; : ... ', . .\! . ,"',', ¦: "..'- /[.''': '¦¦'¦¦ r '-.'
/'The other -day when Senator-Tillman' asked what
kind-of thing the Kaiser's American yacht is Chaun
cey Depew bobbed up promptly and told him, it' is
"a sailing -racing machine of the same'type as beat
the two Shamrocks," and now th'e'' New Yorkers are
poking . fun -at ; him, for the Kaiser's Meteor is not- a
racing machine; at all, but a -'comfortable 'cruising
yacht. \ : Evidently' Chauri'cey is ; one of the fellows ; of,
whom^it has; been said that it would be; better for
them; to know less than to know. so many .things that
ain't so.; ' '
Discussion of the subject* has brought out a- differ-"
ene'e of opinion concerning the act" which constitutes
the election "of a- President. Some authorities hold
that the election . is consummated on the : day when
the electoral, colleges; of the "different States meet' in.
the State capitals and cast- their, ballots. Other au
thorities say a ; President^ is not elected until the ,ba}- •
lot has been counted; b> the Senatejin' the presence': of •
the House. In either case, • however,' ¦.: there ¦' is left ' a
period of several weeks between the - date of "election '¦¦>
and March.;4. ".Suppose '.now. ..the ¦ President-elect ¦
should die during that period, who would : succeed"
-The- constitution 'provides that a Vice President
may succeed an actual President, and Congress has
by act provided for the further -succession" of mem
bers of the Cabinet in case the Vice President die;
but there is no provision for the successor of a! Pres
ident-elect;-and consequently, should such a contin
gency happen, there might arise a very bad' tangle to
unravelin the midst of a partisan 1 excitement. ' • • '
DESPITE the vigor with which the adoption -
of a constitutional amendment providing for
. " the election . of United States Senators by^
direct. vote of the people has been urged, the, opinion
prevails in Washington that it. will be preceded by an-"
other, even if it be adopted at all. The prospects are
that the 'sixteenth amendment, will, be that proposed
by Senator Hoar, conferring upon Congress power to
provide for the Presidential succession in the event
of the death of the President-elect. between the date,
of his election and the following March 4.
PRESIDENTIAL SUCCESSION
Despite the aggressive operations of the. Boers, the
British ~ mine-owners are busily at work getting the
gold out of the Transvaal mines. Over 1300 stamps
are now in operation, and others will be started as
soon as labor can be obtained. Thus, if the Boers
get their independence the British will have the. sat
isfaction of knowing they worked the country for all
it is worth before they left it. ' Xi^ !• ''
Commander H. B. Mansfield, at present In charge of th*
Naval Rendezvous. New York, is next in the line of promo
tion to the rank of captain. Mr. Mansfield has the distinction
of having more years to his credit for sea service than vany
other officer in the active list, although his lineal numbers
101. He entered the navy as a master's mate at the ear!yC«i
of lo, haying previously sailed in the clipper ship Gold?.!
State. In 1863 he : entered the Naval Academy and graduated
four years later since when he has had more. than his share
of sea duty. His service record up to January 1 last was 33
years, 10 months in the" service, of which' 24 years 8 months
at. sea. a percentage of $4. As a contrast to this, recprd Is the
case of Commander j; D. J. Kelley. recently retired because of
his disinclination agajnst sea service, who In Z$ .years 0 months
total service had only 13 years Z months, or 86 per cent at sea.
Another instance Is that of Captain Chadwick, who has been
40 years 3 months In. the service, of which 14 years 7 months
at sea, a percentage - of 36. There are other good records of
officers with long sea service,- such, as Commander J. F.
Moser, at:' present on the Pensacola, with 21 years 6 months
service, of which 24 years 5 months at sea, and Lieutenant
Commander J. M. Helm, who stands number 348 on the reg
ister, and has a 22. years 4 months sea record out of 30 years
.6 months total service. Mansfield, Moser and Helm are well
known on this coast.
¦ ¦ . < ¦ • ¦ , .....
Great Britain ...; $142,334,213
United States .- 66.927.870
France .......: 60.277,460
RussIa •> 43,314.005
Germany .....'...; 37,363 230
J T taly • « 24,515.543
Japan 20,387,763
The naval expenditures of seven principal countries during
1D00 is given in a recent Parliamentary return as follows:
Schickau at Elbing. Normand at Havre and Thornycroft
and Yarrow are undoubtedly the most " successful builders of
destroyers and torpedo-boats. The record of the latter firm ia
particularly phenomenal in that it has built eight destroyer
for Japan during the past three years, all of which exceeded
the contract speed of 30 knots. They were tried with Ioad3 of
forty tons in a continuous run of three hours, and ranged In
speeds from 31.08 up to 31.38 knots. ... .-..- •- ¦- -
The Russian Navy Department is gradually dispensing
with foreigners hitherto employed in the dockyards. At one
time foreign naval constructors, engineers and shipwrights—
chiefly British— were so plentiful in the yards that the sjji?s
built were practically constructed by foreigners. Most^f
these have now been eliminated, and the Government Is com
pelling private establishments and companies to dispense witn
the service of foreigners. Three British engineers in the em
ploy of the Odessa Trading Company' for twenty-five years
have received notice to quit unless they chose to become citi
zens of ¦ Russia. > ' *
breadth, 57 feet; draught, 25 feet. Her twin-screw engine*
are of 11,000 horsepower, calculated to give a speed of W
knots, and the bunker capacity Is 1600 tons, leaving a margin
of 4000 tons for cargo space when the vessel shall be utilized
as a transport. In the boiler room are four different typc3
of water-tube boilers, namely, six Belleville, six Niclausse.
three Yarrow and two Schulz-^Thornycroft. a variety which
will give the firemen good opportunities to ascertain the
merits and defects of each type. The primary object of this
vessel is to give a practical education to the engine room staff
of the Russian navy, and 750 officers and men will be given a
• year's service on the Ocean, which Is to be employed as a
transport between the Baltic, and Siberian. ports. .,.
A Russian schoolshlp ' for engineers and firemen^ was
launched at/Kiel on; February '8 from ,the Howalds • shipyard.
She. is named the Ocean and has a displacement of 11,900 tons
on the following ¦ .dimensions: Length, .488 feet 6 inches:
'.-. British shipbuilders have experienced the same difficulties
in turning' out naval vessels in. contract time' as the builders
in the United. States. In the. case of torpedo-boat-destroyers
twelve" of these I crafts," built , between July. 1S96. and March.
1899, were still on ; the contra9tors' hands on March 31, last
year. ; Four, of '', these vessels were . from fifty-three to . forty
two'months behind contract date of delivery, "and ; the aggre
gate penalties amounted to. J434.600. On four boats $12,500 was
deducted, owing to failure to make contract speed. .Eight bat
tleships' and armored, cruisers were likewise from two years
"to six months behind contract delivery, upon which only nom
inal .have been demanded by the Admiralty. ; Gun
construction" has also - been : delayed to a remarkable degree,
arid- on 'twenty-nine* 12-Inch guns, fifteen 9.2-lrich arid 133 6-inch"
.guns ; the contractors have paid 1109,030 in fines for late deliv
eries. J' '¦ : '¦'¦ .' ' .¦..¦: '':¦¦¦ ¦
Under the heading, "Gratuities for Special : Services," the
appropriation account of the r British - Navy . for 1900-1901 con
tains-some interesting items.- There is a gratuity of 19s 2d to
"Chinese soldiers; 9s 7d as reward; for arresting a Chinese
thief; £3 143 as, expert fee for examining picture at an omcial
residence at Sheerness; and £5 reward to night watchman at
Smyrna for arresting the murderer of a seaman. To A. Beas
zina^a reward of £1 was given for rescuing i a naval officer
from drowning, while the gratuities /for the recovery of the
. body : of a naval ¦ officer ; footed ; up £5 10s ,10d. The great
difference tin. the rewards -in the last two cases— £1 to rescue
an officer; from • drowning and ¦ £5 :10s lOd for recovering;' an
other, omcer.'s body— is riot calculated to stimulate life-saving.
OriUhe other haridrit is possible that the officer saved from
drowning was priced very low either on account of being con
sidered of little use to the service or that he was of an infe
rior grade, while the , recovered body may have been that of
an officer 'of high rank. •.,' . .
A new turbine torpedo-boat-destroyer, named Velox, is
building at Hawthorn and. Leslie's, yard, Wallsend-on-Tyne.
It is 210 feet by 21 feet, and is calculated to make the same
phenomenal .speed as the Cobra . and Viper, both of which
demonstrated their ability to run faster than any other simi
lar crafts, but were otherwise unfit for service on the high
sea. r.. ¦; ¦'.'^¦'J, '•'.*•¦«
The British battleship London has completed her speed
trial, developing 15,264 horsepower and 1S.1 knots speed under
eight hour full power trial. The coal consumption was 1.97
pounds per unit, of 'horsepower. The Bulwark, a 'sister ship,
developed 15,353. horsepower and 1S.15 knots. The contract re
quirements for both ships were 15,000 horsepower and 18
knots speed. ... >": V-* "¦
lifting power is 15,000 tons, which in case of necessity
may be Increased -to 17,500 tons.~ The old floating dock now
located at Hamilton. Bermuda, has been in use about twenty
years, and although It has a capacity of 11,000 tons has be
come inadequate on account of its insufficient length, which
is only 381 feet. There are now six floating docks in the world
with a capacity of 10,000 tons and over, namely the new Ber
muda, 17,500; tons; the United States dock at; Algiers, 16.500
tons; Blohm and Vors, Hamburg, 16,000 tons; Spanish dock
at Port Mahon, 13,000 tons; old Bermuda dock, 11,000 tons,
and the 'Havana dock to be towed to the Philippines, 10,000
tons. ¦'-' " ¦ - .
THE new floating dock for Bermuda was launched Febru
ary at Wallsend-on-Tyne, England, and will probably
be In operation, during the present year. It Is 545 feet
In length and ICO feet width in the clear.' Its ordinary
It- Is the Largest of Six Big Structures of the Kind in the World, Exceeding That of tte
United States a A giers in Louisiana by 1000 Tons.
MRS. BEATRICE NEWELL OP NEW YORK AND MICHIGAN. WHOSE
TRUNKS ARE FILLET* WITH GOWNS 'THAT HAVE TAXED THE
¦ WITS OP THE MODISTES OF A-ARIS. . . ;
IT is seldom that business is as featureless as at
present. All over the country the. conditions
. are decidedly humdrum. Barring the strike in
.Boston the week passed with hardly a feature worth
mentioning. The strike, singularly -enough, pro
duced no marked falling off in the city's trade,' as
the bank clearings showed a loss of only 2.4 per cent,
as compared with the corresponding week last year.
A second strike, however, is announced for to-day
at the Fall River textile mills, so. whatever labor
troubles are visible at present are centered in Massa
chusetts^ Outride of that State everything seems to
be going along serenely. The only other city of any
consequence in the country to show a decrease in
the bank clearings was New York, which fell off 7
per cent from last year, and most of the other large
.cities exhibited heavier gains than of late. The net
result of the week all over the country was a loss of
0.5 per cent, which is trivial. The week's failures
w^re 232, against 209 last year, but none of them
•were important.
The weather throughout the country improved last
'week, and.no interruption to trade or transportation
was reported by any section. The winter wheat belt
was visited by copious rains except Kansas, which
_.got only partial showers. These rains completely
reversed the outlook for the wheat crop, which was
beginning to worry the country somewhat, and it
'now looks about as favorable as it usually does at
this time of the year.' The Government issued its
regular report, and as it showed 23 per cent of last
3-ear's crop still in the hands of the farmers, this,
•coupled with the rains, weakened the, wheat market
at Chicago. The San Francisco market, which gen
erally declines and advances with Chicago, held up
l<ftter than the governing market, as the freight
• market here is lower, owing to the large supply of
deepwater tonnage, and wheat, of course, gets the
.•btvnefit of the decline. . .
-.The g-rcat staples showed iittle change and price
•Variations were remarkably few and narrow. Pro
visions, .groceries, hides; wool, cotton, boots and
•shoes, steel and iron, and, in fact, the whole line of
staples, ran along without the ripple of a disturb
ance. Wall street, too, was quiet, and had plenty of
time to guess over; the meaning, of the large trans
jfars. of gold from -New York 4o San Francisco
through the Government treasury.
i ;As far as San Francisco is concerned the outlook
was never more briiliant, even in the old gold days.
Th'e city's, population is increasing with such rapidity
as to be perceptible to the dullest observer. On
ev<:ry side iall buildings are going up, new resi
dences arc being built all over town, labor is in de
'marid, and the' streets are full of, people. He who
; .asccnds to the top'of sny of our hills and looks over
the town is surprised at the quantity of new lumber
he sees,, from one end of the town to the other. The
export business of the port is also large, and freight
( room to many Pacific points is hard to procure. We
«em to have been suddenly galvanized into remark
able activity in all sorts of directions. The country,
m too, is fetling the quickening effects of the new
business -and interior 'banks and real estate agents
are reporting the best demand for farming lands for
many years. Altogether the State is apparently en
joying one of those periods of rapid progress so
often seen in the Western States, but which, up to
a year or so ago, seemed to have avoided California.
If this continues for' several years more the census
of 1910 will show a good many surprises.
THE COUNTRY'S BUSINESS CON
DITION.
- Such . is the choice now > before the demoralized
Democrats of Congress. "It is not to be wondered at
that they, wait and postpone the election of <;a chair
man of the- campaign committee , in the hope that
something will turn up. .. :."••- . ... ;
Hardly anything in the present political situation
shows the demoralization of the Democratic party
more strikingly ¦ than this wavering of -the elected
representatives of the parly in approaching the task
of selecting a chairman of the Congressional Cam
paign Commitee. For years past the spellbinders and
the organs, of the party have been denouncing pluto
crats and plutocratic corruption, and now their rep
resentatives think of choosing Clark of Montana to
lead them in the fight this fall. . Even the most im
pudent of agitators could hardly be expected to sfio'ut
against . mcriey and bribery when lie had to go into
the field with Clark conspicuous as his leader and
paymaster. ¦> ... ' . - .[,
¦Gorman, is not so "raw" a leader as Clark would
be. In fact\he'is not raw at all. Hardly any man
now. living has' so wide a knowledge of -American
politics," and few know better how to. work all the
wires that set -political machinery in motion.-, Able
as he is, however,- he is conspicuously lacking in ca
pacity-to take. broad views of public sentiment. He
can handle, Washington politics as astutely as any
one, but national politics is beyond him. -His limita
tions were clearly revealed when he split his, party
for the sake of making "a fight; against Cleveland.
Should he be chosen for. the chairmanship of the
¦Congressional; Campaign Committee his party would
go into the contest under a discredited leadership.-
Gorman has no barrel and precious few political
principles. He was elected to the Senate on a free
trade platform and then betrayed his party. He de
clared'himself a supporter of the gold standard and
then supported Bryan. . To. him more than to any
other. single^ man .was due the wreck of the Cleveland
administration, and yet. he now comes forward as a
leader in. the movement to overthrow Bryan and re
organize the party on a Cleveland basis.
Richardson is out of the. fight.- J Clark of Montana
will doubtless stay in if. he can perceive any chance
to win. ; His selection- for the:place could mean noth
ing more than that*'" Democrats are eager to tap. a
.barrel:^^ His executive ' bu'sipess;: ability, is unques
tioned, but his political "leade^nip would mean noth
ing to anybody outside of those who shared in the
distribution of the coin. ">"'
Richardson, Clark and Gorman: ' That is a_ famous
combinatidn.?; Any statesmen or 'politicians who
could as readily. accept the' lead- of one of these men
as of another are certainly very impartial in matters
of politics. Richardson is a free silver man and a
free trader. Gorman is a gold standard man and a
protectionist. It was he who managed the Wilson
tariff bill to such an extent that the author could not
recognize it, and Cleveland refused either to sign it
or to veto it. Clark of -Montana, has no politics at all
and entered the Senate-mainly". for the philanthropic
purpose of putting a large amount of money into cir
culation thrqugh the medium of the Legislature.
FROM the discussion .going on at Washington.
concerning : the ; selection of a .chairman of the
.. ; Democratic' Congressional ; . Campaign r Com
"mittee .the country, can learn Something of 'the 'senti
ments which animate the representatives of the party.
The first mah T spoken 'of :fbr the; position was • Rich
ardson of^Tennessee,- but he 'declined. Then it was
suggested that- Senator: Clark of ¦ M ontana . be'ehosen,
and now; 'conies the report thati Gorman 'of; Maryland
is back in-.\Vashington'yaiting to -take his seat, in the
Senate' after .March 14 and "wilt probably get the office.
DEMOCRATIC LEADERSHIP.
i MONDAY- MARCH 17. 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS,' Proprietor.
' litTtti All CenmcnictUoiui to'W. 6.' LEASX, Xwigtr.
MAXAGEK'S OFFICE . ..... .Telephone Pre«« 204
I'CBLICATIOJf OFFICES... Market and Third, S. P.
? , t ; • ' . Telephone Press 201.
nDITOlXIAIi BOOHS 217 to- 221 Sterenion St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
, Delivered tiy Carriers, 15 Cents Per WeelV
Single Copies. '5 Cents. ¦ .
Terms by Nail. Including Poitaret
, DAILT CALX, rinclufling Sunday), one year.... ?9.00
DAILY CAUL, anclndlnir Sunday).,* monthi. ............. M.OO
DAILY CAUL, (tncludlnr Sunday), 3 moaXlw... ...... ..... 1. BO
DAILY CALL— By Single Month......... 8Se
ftKDAT CALL. One Y*«V........ • i- 53
WEEKLY CALL. One Year.. 1.00
-....-> . . ' —^— —^ , - ¦
All postmasters nre avthorlsed to reeelr*
.. . •Qbseriptlons.
. t;'-/ Cample copies will be' forwarded -when requested. :
Wall ratscrlbera In orderlnc cbanR* of address should te
; .' r*Crtcclkr : -to rive bcth NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
, tc u^ure a prompt and correct compliance with tnelr requtvt.
OAKLAXD OFFICE ..1118 Broadwny
[..'.''¦' C.GKORGE KHOGlfESS.
Kaaigcr rortlga' Advertising, Karqnetto BaUdin;. Chicas» ;
<Loee Dlstajjce Telephone "Central 2619.") ' :¦*;¦-
•.^ , NBTV TORK CORRESPONDENT:
: •«.. C. CARLTOX ......Herald Sonars
*:'.''';-. .; . 1 '-'*.'-.:'¦ ¦¦ • ¦¦•',¦}*
¦ 1 KEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE;
HKPHEX B. SMITH...:. ...30 Trlbnne Balldlnff
... . . . ¦ ; _
.« * ¦-"¦; CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: :
• i feheratB House: P. O. News' Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
- . , - ' '
1^AVASHIXGTOTr (D. C.) OFFICES. . . .1406 G St.. 5. W,
. . HORTO3T E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
R^K^8^^^ •* » '. * * ' * , •¦ - ¦
,. BRAJVCH OFFICES— 62T Montconiery. corner of CJay. opefl
' : - > -nstl! 8:S0 o'clock. . 800 Hayes, open until 9:80 o'clock. C33
McAllister, open until 0:80 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
I 1 -.80 o'clock. 1941 M»"^". open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, comer Sixteenth, -open until 9 o'clock. 1093 Va
*•;''¦"' lesda. open until 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
• c" clock. NW. corner Twenty-Beeond and Kentucky, open
urtll-'» o'clock.' 2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. in.
When Prince Henry was; in Albany the New York
officials him a.Vwbrd and; told him his illus
trious ancestor, Frederick the °Great, had presented
it to George Washington:. -The Prince drew it from
the scabbard, -looked' at it and was deeply impressed.
Now come a lot of historical sharps and say the story
is a.fake, that Frederick never presented a sword to
Washington. So the New ; " Yorkers will have to 'point
with pride to the /weapon hereafter;" as/ one : which
Washington owned*and Henry. handled.;'
killed with kindness during this, her first
season, and the beginning of Lent found
her almost a nervous wreck. It was then
that, she was again fairly deluged with
solicitous friends, each suggesting- exactly
the course . she : ought to ¦ ' pursue *' to
get back to ' health. .Her "mother /".knew
best, however, , as... such mothers always
do, and bundled her away down to a quiet'
resting place, where she has been gain
ing rapidly. Now, If she can suppress her
happy enthusiasm until after Easter, the
fair Catherine bids fair: to successfully
stand the array of teas, dances, luncheons
and dinners thereafter, which need the.
veritable sunshine of her presence. '
_.,.,... ... SALLY SHARP. ,r
BRITAIN'S NEW FLOATING DOCK FOR THE BERMUDAS
IS LAUNCHED AND WILL BE IN OPERATION THIS YEAR
Society has met with a loss, for Miss
Hazel Noonan has returned to her home
in Los Angeles. She hasrmade a five
months' stay in the city as guest of Miss
Louise Redington and Miss Marion Hunt
ington, and seemed to belong to us. It is
seldom that a girl goes among strangers
and wins the hearts of every one. she
meets so completely as did Miss Noonan..
She was invited everywnere and feted
again and again. Then, as = a farewell,
Miss-Anna Foster gave a luncheon in her
honor at San Rafael on Thursday and
Miss Redington gave an informal tea for
her on Saturday, and now she has sped
away; for new hearts to conquer. There
is, something about her black hair and
flashing- eyes that appeals to us even be
fore we have learned the charming qual
ities of her lovable nature. Then, too, her
stylish gowns set off her striking beauty,
and Miss Noonan wears her clothes well.
r • ? ' ? '
j To-day brings vivacious Catherine Her
rin. back to us again, after a rest at Log
Angeles* to "knit up the raveled sleeve
of care." Miss Herrin has been nearly
[! Miss Kathryn Robinson will not go East
, for I the ; present,' as she had arranged,
•owing to the. sad loss that has come to
Major Crittenden, the relative .whose fam
ily Miss Robinson intended : to visit in
Kentucky. While on -his way home from
the Philippines, a. few days ago, Major
Crittenden received a telegram announc
ing the death. of his Bon, 18 years of age,
•whom the father particularly idolized -and
was just placing at West Pojnt. where he
was bound to have graduated with high
est honors 'and known a' brilliant career,
•as he was unusually bright. Major Crit
tenden has hosts of friends in this city,
who are telegraphing their sympathy as
best they can, although words seem so
inadequate to express one's true feeling
for a friend at sueh a time.
I'-T is a feast of beauty to see the lrre
\slstible -gowns being, worn by .Mrs.-
James Lewis Board, and her sister,
i v Mrs. Beatrice Newell of New York
and Michigan. Mrs. Newell came up from
Los Angeles a few days. ago to visit Mr.
and Mrs. ' .Board at ..the . Palace Hotel.
These young ; matrons have' a retinue
of .trunks filled with, gowns thathave
taxed the . wits of " Parisian modistes
to the utmost, but- have replaced many of
them with ; a large number of more artis
tic creations from the hands of San Fran
cisco gownmakers. This Is a fact worthy
of note, as. most of us are prone-, to rave
over anything that comes from across the
pond, ', while, had we.not seen the neatly,
embroidered tag inside the garment, j it
would never^have occured to us to go mad
pver.it. It is gradually dawning upon us,
however, '; that the 'Frenchman ¦ does not
entirely understand the Gibsonesque lines
—I might say curves— of the typical Amer-*
can girl. .- ;¦ •
There- should be a striking elegance and
simplicity, about her if she would make
the most of her splendid figure. Let her
confide her ideas to good American gown
makers and she is at her best. Mrs. New
ell is especially charming in an evening
gown of white chiffon over satin,' as shown
in ¦;. the' accompanying portrait. The chif
fon ' is richly embroidered in orchids of
delicate pastel shades. The . becoming
wrap for this gown is of blue chiffon with
a yoke of rich point . lace over white
satin, i One of the newest creations: for
Mrs., Newell's spring wardrobe is a filmy
black and white chiffon for, afternoon teas
"or carriage wear. The combination Is
wonderfully effective when happily' ar
ranged. A dainty reception gown Is of
palest blue chiffon over silk. The chiffon
is hand-embroidered in myriads of tiny'
flowers and \ falling about the feet over
showers of frou-frou flowers of softest
chiffon. §
The Call gives the warning plainly, that no man
may mistake it. Gage was elected to the Governor
ship only because of lepeated pledges that he had no
bargain with the' railroad bosses and because of re
peated assurances from the railroad officials that the
corporation was out df politics. Such pledges and
assurances were potent then, but they will be worth
less if repeated, next fall. They deceived the people
once and they, deceived the Republican . press, but
they cannot deceive the press nor the public any
more. The appearance of Herrin, a Democratic rail
road attorney, at Sacramento as an ally of Gage,
scheming and cajoling* to get Republican legislators
to disgrace themselves by electing Burns to the
United States Senate, has not been forgotten. The
people will not vote again for that combination. Re
publicans themselves will v not support it. The Re
publican press will not advocate it. The only -way;
then, by which the. party can be saved at the next
election is to defeat the schemes of the bosses to-re
nominate Gage. That is the?ssue of the day/
California Republicans are loyal to their party, to
its principles, traditions, policies and platforms.: That
loyalty will prevent them from submitting to boss
domination, or from permitting a Democratic rail
road tool, to dictate to Republican. conventions. If a
convention submit to the bosses the genuine Repub
licans of the State will refuse to recognize it as a
Republican convention. They will denounce it as a
boss convention and vote against its candidates. ; '
The issue, then, that confronts the. Republicans of
California is that of saving their party and of keep
ing California in the rank of Republican States.- Un-'
less the true men of the party take enough interest
in its welfare to defeat Herrin, Kelly, Crimmins and
Burns, even. though they combine with Democratic
bosses and throng the primaries with the rabble vote
which their henchmen control, the people of Califor
nia will defeat the party.
If the combined bosses could .riot carry the city
with a fairly strong man at the head of their ticket,
what is to be expected of an attempt to carry the
State under the leadership of Gage? • ;
The lesson of the late city election in. San. Francisco
ought not to be overlooked by,' the Republicans of
the State. In that contest Herrin, -by the aid of a
combination of Democratic and Republican bosses,
carried the Republican primaries. They controlled
the party convention and dictated a ticket. The
bosses thought they had a "sure thing.". It was a
Republican year. The Democrats of the city were
demoralized and divided.. Everything promised" an
easy victory to the bosses. The result was just what
the Republican press of the city predicted. Thou
sands of genuine Republicans revolted against boss
domination and repudiated the ticket. Independent
voters scorned it. Not even the personal worth of
the leading candidate could save him from defeat.
At the polls the bosses were utterly routed. Herrin,
Kelly, Burns, Crimmins, Lynch, Burke and the whole
gang were beaten.
. Let there be no mistake about this matter... Herrin
is not working for Gage in the interests of Repub
licanism, nor in the interests of California: He is
seeking to renominate him because Gage has-- been
a pliant tool in the past and will be equally pliant in .
the future. Gage has distributed the offices of the
State among the henchmen of ;the bosses and has
even made official positions in. the normal schools
and the charitable institutions ; of the*State parts' of
the spoils of politics. He has been so openly and
shamelessly an ally of Herrin that he -has , not hesi
tated to endanger the success of > the Republican
party for, the sake of pleasing Herrin. ' He Hassan-,
tagonized his neighbors,- alienated the strongest ele
ments of the Republican press, excited the indigna.
tion of thousands of loyal Republicans and driven
the entire independent vote from the party by a ca
reer in office which from the opening -fight made to
elect the disgraced Bums to the' United./States Sen-
ate, down to this'time, has been scandalous and 'vi
cious. Herrin and Burns may, .well ; desire the re
election of such a man, but while they may renbrai
nate him, should the rank and file of the party neglect
their political duties, they can never re-elect him! '
WHILE the time for holding primaries and ;<
for ' taking steps toward making nomiria- '
lions for 'the approaching State election ; is
still a long -way off, it- behooves the Republicans . of-
California to give heed to the efforts, now being
made by Herrin and. Burns to get control of the
party machinery, and dominate the State Convention.
It. is a part of the. scheme. to renominate Gage, .and;
that means the defeat of the party in the contest.for
the Governorship and the weakening of the whole •
State ticket/- It is clear, therefore, that in the inter- .
ests of Republicanism as well as in the interests , of
California the stanch 2nd loyal . Republicans of the
State should at once organize ; for the purpose of
saving, the party from boss domination. , ' . '¦¦;¦ ,
ATTENTION REPUBLICANS.
Such {contingencies t as those supposed ; are, improb- •
able," and yet to statesmen at Washington it appears '
important they, should be guarded against. It is quite
possible they mighty give rise to serious complica
tions. Thus one' authority says: "If the President
and Vice. President electedon the second Wednesday
in February should both meet with a permanent dis
ablement or, should die. before the following March 4
there would be nobody tojnatigurate. cln that event
the Secretary of State of the outgoing administration '
would by the terms of the succession act become act
ing I. csident until another. Chief Magistrate' should
be elected. The functionary thus clothed with Presi
dential power might • belong to the party that had,,
been voted out of office,' and the consequence would :
be .the "continuance in -executive control of the Gov- .
erriment for ajfullvterm of four years of a political
party that had been .'repudiated by the people at the,
polls."i •/¦.;;¦;''''¦••'. ''•''' '- '¦"¦•' ; 
• These considerations are not new. They have been '
discussed in an.academ1c way.for a'long time, but the
third assassination Jofja President has given the dis
cussion a practicali't'urn. It 'is' now felt that the suc
cession should be provided for* by. law so as to meet
every contingency, that may arise. . :
him? -; Or -suppose : the;- President in office should die :
before the President-elect took office and there were -
no Vice President to fill . the place, who would suc
ceed during the ; interregnum ?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1 902.
PARISIAN MODISTES DO NOT QUITE
UNDERSTAND GIBSONESQUE LINES
The mosquito blteth alike the Just and
the unjust. , . . > ¦ -• • - • - i"
HOTEL DEL CORONADO. choicest wint
Resort In the world, otter. be»t iwi "TOnter
boating. ,bath lns . -fl^Mne aad "m^ Cllmate 
ment E. ; . S S. Babcoc*. £^^£J£V
''-¦',' - . ' ¦ ' ' ' r
4
A21USEMENTS.
Alcazar — "On and Off."
. • Columbia — "La Madeleine."
. . . Or^heuio^-VaudevUIe.
Grand Opera-house — "Cleopatra." k Built."
, Fischer's Theater — "Little Christopher."
i : CaMfcrnia — "Nathan Hale."
Tlvoll — "The Serenade." -
Central — "The Bpwery After Dark."
; ¦ Mechanics' ' Pavilion— Norris & Rowe's Sis Shows.
¦^... Oakland .Racetrack— Reces to-day. .
AUCTION SALES.
By Wa Layng— Thursday. March 20, at 11 o'clock, 150
bead of Horses, at 721 Howard street.
'' By McGlynn & Menton— Friday. March 21. at 12:15 o'clock.
nock of the Flcres Hale & Company, at room 22. Chronicle
bulMing. ¦ ¦ -;I engaged twelve singers, who will be here
In < July. They, are all famous in Italy and I
am sure will score heavily with local theater
goers. The tenor robusto Is Venerandl. He
has a marvelous voice and is deemed the great
est - Othello Mn : Italy. He Is the only man I
ever met -who could sing VDe Suellaplerre"
in the 'key In* which it was written. /Our lyric
tenor Is Genarlo, and he has a beautiful voice.
Our dramatic soprano will be Inw de Frate,
who has sung the last three years at La Scala.
She is as famous • outside of Italy as in her
native country. Mme. 'Trombon is our lyric
soprano. She is only 24 years of age, but
has already made a : marvelous success. The
other members of the company are equally as
clever. • I The only new opera I heard In Italy
was "La Tosca,". which will be produced at
the Tivoll this season. • ¦ '
:¦-.- SAN FRANCISCO, March 16—5 p. m. v
, .The followlns are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as , compared with those . of same date
last i season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours: ..-. > I ..
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
THE CARTOONIST'S IDEAS OF.
TIVOLI IMPRESARIO'S CON
y. DITION AND EXPERIENCES.
'J: ,-. : v ¦ --• - ¦ • ¦__
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
; thority of the Superintendent.. ¦¦'¦¦
NOTE — The high aud low waters occur at
the city front tMlsslon-street wharf) ; about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
"the height of tide Is the same at both, places.
Sun, Moon "and Tides.
when she went down for the last time. Bhe
was little damaged and could have been raised
with comparatively ismall difficulty before she
began to dig her grave In the sand.
is anVrt in eating that delicacy? I have seen
my friends at home apear a yard of the rub
ber-like food and try to swallow it whole. It
looked to me like an animal digesting a snake.
The Italian eats spaghetti with a pair of
pincers. With a steady hand, he dives into
his plate, and when he has a bunch of food
controlled he lifts It up in strings and lowers
it Into his mouth with a grace that would
make a sword swallower at a circus look to
his laurels. •
Italy is a great country. -I- advise every
young man who can save money enough to
make the trip to go there, because, he can
learn a great deal. I "rubbered" so . much
that the chords In my neck are still out of
whack 1 I saw everything to bo seen. I did
not sleep five nights in a hotel. All my sleep
ing was In railroad trains. , as _ I had r to be
MONDAY. MARCH 17. ,
' Last This Last
'Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka... ; 00 31.72 40.16
Red Bluff .00 27.78 22.17
Sacramento 00. 16.15 ¦ 17.18
San Francisco 00 16.52 18.19
Fresno.......... 00 5. S3 10.28
Independence ....... 00 4.W 5.81
San Luis Obispo.... 00 ¦ 19.85 27.62
LosAngeles .........00 0.37 14.10
San. Diego ...... 00 4.64 8.68
San Francisco data: Maximum ' temperature
67, minimum 48, .'mean 58. .-. .
THE COAST - RECORD.
Sun rises • 6:18
Sun sets 6:10
Moon sets 1:35. a*, m.
O Time ITlme ¦ Time Time
» Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
o H • W . Ij • W H W • li W
17~ 4:68 5.0 12:15 .0.3 7:28 4.3 ...V. .....
L W H W L W ¦ HAV
18 0:16 3.0 6:16 4.0 1:17 0.2 8:25 4.5
19 1:25 2.0 7:31 5.0 2:12 0.2 9:12 4.8
20 2:25 ' 2.5 8:38 ~5.2 3:03 0.2 8:66 5.2
21 3:17 2.1 9:37 6.2 3:47 0.4 10:33 5.4
22 4:06 4.6 10:29 5.3 4:32 0.7 11:00 6.4
23 4t51 1.3 11:19 5.2 5:10 1.0 11:43{ 5.4
3 S'SsSl !?• ¦¦•'¦3
STATIONS. %' "gc-gg • f-o ; £~ / jj
-: '\s-- 3 ••-:¦-:-. :
NOTE — In the above exposition, of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last, tide of the
day, except .when there are but .three tides, ' as
'icmetlnies occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lover low waters.
Steamer Movements 1
TO ARRIVE.
Iiautero Will Not Be Raised.
.The steamship Lautero, . sunk in Panama
harbor during the recent, naval flight. y will
never float ' again. Late | advices from Panama
say that • the work of raising her has be«n
delayed so, long -that she is now firmly im
bedded In ' the sand and nothing but dynamite
will ever raise her. The Lautero has been
sunk twice before, but was a pretty good ship
- "Georg^e"; Hilton, the four-year-old son of
Mrs. Mary Hilton,; 1116 Mission street, was
thrown from Mission-street car No. 1076 yes
terday as, it was swinging, around the «urve
tt East and Mission streets. The little fellow
struck on bis forehead. He is at fSe Harbor
Hospital, under observation, as the surgeons
fear the little fellow . may have fractured his
skull. He-was -on the car with his mother,
who had two other small .children in her
charge. 1 Mr*. Hilton said the car gave . a
heavy Jerk "as it • hit. . the curve and that
Georgie was pitched > out of her arms.
Hurt May Be Fatal.
"Got two- whole "weeks; I'll make the trip
in ten days and save $1500. Just watch the
Inchcape Bock,'.', replied the skipper.
When the Inchcape Rock reached Portland,
six weeks later. 40 shilling charters were tra
ditions of the past. Word was received here
yesterday "that th*- Inchcape Rock had been
chartered at 26 .shillings. The difference to
her owners is Just $7S>00.
The captain of,' the British ship Inchcape
Rock, recently arrived at Portland, saved hie
owners $1500 by sailing his ship from San
Diego to the Oregon port Instead of taking a
towboat. This economy cost his owners $7900.
The Inchcape, Rock was chartered at 40 shil
lings. The. charter had two weeks to run
when the ship left San Diego.
"Better take a tug," advised the skipper's
friends. * . - : ~ • -. ' ¦
Expensive Economy.
The nine Etowa ways, brought up from Hono
lulu on the steamship Ventura were released
from Angel Island Cn Saturday. Stowing
away \ was ' more a matter of economy than
necessity to at least three of them. Six of
the volunteer passengers were poor enough.
but the others were provided with money in
sums ranging from $U4 to $3000. The capi
talist was a Greek.- -He and the others grew
confidential j with the " boatman who carried
them from the detention camp to the main
land. One had $64. another had (92, and the
Greek, who said his name was George De
metrius, exhibited a I handful of gold pieces
and showed a bank book.- which certified that
he had $2500 to his "credit.
"Stowaway the blga ting," he told the boat
man. "Paya the fare costa too much. Stow
away saya the mon." . v . . : 1
Sto wavmys Had Money.
The officer* of the Wheeling are: Lieu
tenant Commander H. Minette. executive
officer; Lieutenant W.'-S. Smith, naviga
tor; Lieutenant A. C. Dieff enbach, Lieu
tenant J. L. Sticht, Ensign R. M. Marble,
Naval Cadet B.; A. Long. Passed Assist
ant Surgeon Raymond Spear and Assist
ant Paymaster F. P. Sackett.
Dr. Spear, was with .the party landed
from the Concord at Panama to keep open
the - railroad, and while - ashore he gave
gallant assistance to the' sick and wound
ed of both rebel. and republican troops.
The Wheeling goes from here to Mag-,
dalena Bay, where she will be Inspected
by the admiral. She will replenish her
coal bunkers at Plchilinque Bay. A num
ber of uncharted rocks have been reported
between the coast of- the continent and
the Hawaiian Islands, and for these the
Wheeling' will' look-in -order- that warn
ing of their presence may- be properly
noted in the Government charts. She may
call at Honolulu. .That," however, depends
upon the coal supply. ;¦¦ Just as soon . as
the Wheeling arrives at Apia the Abar
enda will leave for New York, where she
will go, out of commission. * Captain Kim
ball, formerly of .the Concord, leaves here
on the Ventura' for Samoa to take charge
of the Abarenda. Captain Sebree, as
commandant of the station, will take up
his quarters: ashore,- realizing 1 the navy
officer's . 'dream of --an -'Ideal command,
"captain of. a' brick frigate."
• Commander 'G. Blockiinger, also a for
mer commander of the Concord, is in
command. of: the Wheeling. The Wheel
ing is twin to the Marietta, which will
go down in history as the boat that ac
companied the Oregon 'on her famous trip
from ocean to pcean.- r Both of the twins
have proved ¦• useful •- to Uncte Sam, and,
like most of the war vessels built in San
Francisco, have cost the Government lit
tle for repairs,' They'are small, but their
lives have been-busyand they have both
seen quite. a lot of service. .• -
The United States gunboat , Wheeling
came down from Mare Island yesterday
and will to-morrow leave for Samoa,
where she will relieve', the Abarenda on
that station. Thfe' Wheeling /comes fresh
from the^hands bf the navy yard mechan
ics and is as clean and shiny as a new
ship. The Concord, which arrived here a
little while ago from Panama, has gone
out of , coirimibsfdn, . and her officers and
many of. her crew. are aboard the Wheel-
Ing. *The. Wheeling will spend to-day ad
justing.her. compasses and generally test-
Ing the Eclentitic apparatus upon which
she depends at sea for a knowledge of
"where ehe Is at." \
Will : Search - for Uncharted
Beefs Between Here and
-Honolulu.
able to speak the language like . a
native." The genial "Doc" took out of
his luggage a few choice epigrams he -had
heard while abfoad and tried them on his
interviewer. sounded like raiti beat
ing on a tin roof. Translated, by Mr
Leahy they meant "it Is cheaper to move
than pay rent,", and "why work .when you
have . your health." . • / '¦'. • - •
, Mr. Leahy returned in splendid- health.
He departed for Italy on February 8 to
engage singers for a grand . opera ; com
pany. He was very successful in his mis
sion and theater-goers of this j city will
have- an opportunity of applauding Mr.
Leahy's ¦ wise selections when the grrand -
opera season opens. at the Tivoli. The re- •
turned traveler said:
Speaking of ¦ spaghetti, do you know there '
.»_ '' ¦ - - '
" -.¦.,¦...¦;-¦¦'>-¦- v • ¦
I ATE so much sphagettl/ in .Italy,"
said VDoc" Leahy,, the Tivoll, lm- ¦
; ; presario, who returned " frohv' that
country, yesterday, "that. I am now
Gunboat Sails To-Mor
• row for Her, Station
; in South Seas.
WHEELING WILL
HUNT FOR ROCKS
San Francisco.' temperature 7 a. m. 48 degrees.
Astoria SO. 28 60 40 SE Cloudy .02
Baker.-.".-.... ..30.36 46 24 NW Cloudy .04
Carson.".;. 30.26 52 26 NW Clear .00
Eureka. ...80.23 54 10 N Clear .00
Freuno.. ...... 30,28 70 :3S SE Clear .00
Flagstaff... ...30.16: 50 24 NE - Clear .00
Pocatello, Ida.30.42 36.. 18 SW Cloudy T.
Independence.. .... ; .. \34t .... ..
Los Angeles... 30. 12 76 #0* W Clear .00
Phoenix. . .-. : ..30.06 • 76 §8 SW . Clear .00
Portland:'..:.. 30.20 56 -^2 v SW Cloudy • T.
Ked Bluff. ....30. IS "72 40 S V Clear .00
Roaeburg..:... 30.26 62 38 SW Pt Cldy .00
Sa"cramento... 30.18 C8 46 S E "Clear .00
Salt Lake..... 30. 38 44 2C SE Clear T.
San Franci3co.30.22 .66 48 W Clear .00
8 L. Oblspo.-..30.16 78 46 N Clear .00
San Diego. .-...30. 06 72 42 NW, Clear .00
Saattie.!. "..... 30.22" 52 3S SW -Cloudy .00
Spokane:.... ..30. 40 36 22 NE Cloudy I .02
N^ah Bay.. ....30. 10 44 34 E Rain *r\ :30
Walla Walla. .30.26 156-34 SE -Pt Cldy -.01
g°!^';8o:fl8>.w.'"yw c-ieaV,-v}:65
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
George Mayerle, German , Expert .•: Optician.
Entrance 1071 Market; look for eye with crown.
i PEKING; March 16.— Because a' Chinese
threw;a' stone at ; Paroness : Avez2ana,' wife
of .the ' secretary, of htheMtalian^legation
herejlwhile she was . passing in the street,'
the Dowager | Empress has issued an edict
sternly,? admonishing : the Chinese > against
insulting, foreigners.:' . : WXBB
Chinese ; Must" Respect ; ?oreigners. :
-The 'John K. Souther, was a 344-ton
schooner from Thomaston, ; Me. She -was
owned by jWashburn Bros.- .", * ,; - ~
Crew > Manages to. Escape From the
, "; Wreck and Safely. Reaches
, ! Nassau, v -
NASSAU,- Bahama Islands, > March % 18.—
The ? sch'ooner John K. -' Souther,!. Captain
A'.-F.^ Pbole; 'i t roih ": New.; ; York \ February,
19^for^: Galveston,". foundered off Great
Stirrup 'Island,' In the ¦ Bahama' group, on
Mardh 11: The crew; of ,the . Souther:: has
arrived here. ' ; : : - ¦¦¦:¦ - '¦- ; * : v
SCHOONEB; FOTJjn>EHS
: OFF- THE BAHAMA GROUP
If you' want good, attractive .printing.
the 1^ kind ; that 'brings'? business, call {and
see us. We - print business ? cards, letter
heads arid all kinds of commercial station
ery- 'Prices rlprht; Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741'Market : street... . . . ¦ .. ,* ..
Good .Printing "Wins.
¦ Generally cloudy weather prevails over Wash
ington.' '¦'. Oregon and Idaho : ¦ elsewhere on the
Pacific Slope it Is clear. Light* rain has.fal
len In ; Washington and' Northern Oregon anrt
likht snow In Western Montana. Y •
The pressure has fallen nlong the in-.inediats
coast and < risen ; over the plateau and Rocky
Mountaih : resioas.- - * / ' , „
The temperature -has risen in all districts,
the greatest rise being over Utah. There was
also a ..marked rise alont: the Southern Cali
fornia ¦"• coast. ¦:• \ , ¦:'
-: Forecast made . at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending. midnight, March 17 :-""-:.. •
Northern • California — Fair Monday. . . con
tinued pleasant weather: lisrht variable winds.
'Southern California — Fair Monday, continued
warm; flight -west 'Wind...* . -¦ ' •
=Nevada— Fair Monday: light southerly ..wind.
San • Francl3co and v vicinity- 1 - Fair Monday,
continued • pleasant . weather; -' light - northwest
w lnd. - . . G. H. .WILLSON. ¦ -
• . . ¦ ' Local Forecast Official..*
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
~i - NEW -YORK— Arrived ~ March Jr 16— Stmr
Phoenicia, - from i Hamburg and : Boulogne Sur
Mer; stmr.La Gascogne, :from Havre:: stmr St
Louis,' ' from J Southampton ¦ and ' Cherbourg ' ¦
KINSALE^-Passed - March , 16— Stmr Bovlc.
from Ntw-Ytork.' for Liverpool. ¦ • • .- . *
.".ANTWERP— Arrived March 16-^Stmr South
wark,' from -Niew 'York.' - : ! -•
QUEENSTOWNr-Sailed • • March • 16— Stmr
Campaniar . from '.: Llyeroool, J for ; New s - York.
- Arrived . March 1 ft^-Stmr . New.- England,*; from*
Boston, , for, Liverpool, * and ; proceeded (not ' pre- ¦
vloiisly).,'- -ga^»*B>ILO»li»fe'W^P^a'te»J?gaferi
GIBRALTAR— Passed '-¦ March .-.,• 16— Stmr
California, from New .York, for Naples, Genoa
and Marseilles,,. etc:.: stmr tSicilia; from- Genoa'
and 'NaDlesA for New York. V* . % -. . ..•¦;
: > Sailed March ; 16— Stmr ; Kalserin Maria* The
resa, from Genoa" and' Naples, i for New York
S HOLYHEAD-7-Passtd . March 16— Stmr Cana
dian;- from i New, York," for.- Liverpool. , ' . . »/-;.
¦M BREMEN— Arrived •% March . 16 — Stmr 1 Kron
.prinz Wllhelm, from* New, York,, vlaTPlymouth :
and * Cherboure. '•'_¦' '~?.~. *• ¦:.', . .'• • ¦¦¦¦¦¦-: • . ' •
¦¦ MALTA— Arrived > .-. March ,. lfl^Am ' steam
yacht Wanderer, - on . cruite. ¦
OCEAN; STEAMERS.
POINT ; REYES— Passed March 16, 6a- m—
Stmr Seauola, from Portland, for San Pedro.
VENTURA— Sailed March 16— Schr Fanny
Dutard. for Port Blakeley.. . v ,
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in March 16—
Br ship Belford, from Vancouver. . .-'.- '-
¦ Passed i outward March • 16-7-Nor sttnr Horda.
from Tacoma. ' \ ' • " * ¦
.' Arrived- March"' 16— Ital ' bark • Cavour. from
Callao. ¦¦•¦¦. ¦ ¦¦-. • : • ' - ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived 'March 15— Stmr - Dol
phin.from Skasway.v , :
Sailed March 16— Stmr. DIrlgo, for Skagway;
stmr Nome. City, for. Valdez.- • .
PORT. HADLOCK— Sailed March 16— Bktn
Retriever, for San Pedro."; .^- ¦ -¦-, .. r, .-,, ;
. GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March : 13— Stmr
Chehalls.for San. Pedro: ..-- t ..-.;. ...:¦¦
PORT. • LOS : ANGELES— Sailed March - 16—
Br shlD Arctic Stream, -for Portland. :
• PORT "ANGELES— Sailed "March : ; 16— Bktn
Portland.vfrom Tacoma, •. for. San. Franciaco.
• * NE AH - BAY— Sailed out March ltt— Br ship
Eaton Hall,, for United -Kingdom; Fr.bark'La
Kontalne,- for United Kinsdom. ¦;
•ABANDON— Sailed. March 16, .6 p m— Schr
Corinthian; for San FraHcisjo. / . .
!¦ FORT BRAGG— Arrived March N 16— Stmr Co
quille "River," hence March 15. ¦ ¦-.
-TACOMA— Sailed March 16— Stmr Santa
Ana, for "San Francisco.'-. ' ,-
AbTORI A— Arrived March 16 — Stmr , Sue , H
Elmore.^from Tillamook; stmr Columbia, ' from
San Francisco :;shlD Carl,' from 'Yokohama. ;¦">
r Sailed March 16-^-Br - ship • Loch Garve, for
Queenstown
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS,'; March, 16, : i0"p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity. 6 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
..',¦; Sunday, March 16.
Stmr Spokane,' Alexander.' for San Diego.
Stmr i Mackinaw, Storrs, for Tacoma. ;
' Stm»*Alcaz#r,- Martin, for Greenwood. -- •;
Stmr Redwood City, Hansen, for Caspar.
Stmr, Santa y Barbara, Zaddart, for Grays
Harbor. ¦'•-.¦ ¦ '¦ .
"r^ Stmr 'Acme, 'Lundqulst, for Tillamook Bay. .
•' "Btmr Czarina, Seaman,, for Seattle. .
-i'Stmr Luella, Olsen. for .
:¦¦ Bark S C AllefVJo hn8on . tor Honolulu.
"Schr.C T Hill, *Iellberg, for Unalaaka.
\t Schr. , Prosper. . Brandeman, for Port Town
send. • ' ¦' ¦.¦_•¦¦-¦: >¦•.' ¦.' ": : ¦• '«.'.. • ¦ ¦-•¦;
Si:hr William Olsen, Rovrlk, ( for Port Town
send. : - -- ; -' .. . •- -'¦'.'. •¦¦¦.-.
Schr Llllebonne, Jensen, , for Grays Harbor. *
Schr Etta B, Campbell, for Bolinos.
Schr Czarina, . Wallstedt, . for Unga.
' Sunday, March 16.
Stmr Alcatraz,' Carlson, 62 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Scotia, • WalvUr. ¦ 11 ¦ hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17% hours from Eu
reka;. -' .- > •
Stmr National City, Johnson. 14 hours from
Fort Bragg. • , - •
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson. 24 hours from (Moss
Landing. ' •
-Stmr Navarro. ' Devltt, 11 hours from Stew
arts Point: *- ¦ '
Stmr Coronado, Johnson, 24 hours from Cay
ucos;-' ¦ ¦ "¦ '¦ ' •¦ ". "¦":'¦ '
Stmr Etate of California, Thomas, 42 hours
from. San Diego and way ports. ..
Stmr Homer, Donaldeoon, 47 hours from San
Pedro.'.' . ' • -¦ ¦ • -'¦ .'.'¦¦¦ 's--: ¦ • .
Br etmr Victoria, ' Casey,- G% days from
Comox. _ .
Bark Edward May, Hansen, 22%. days from
Kahului.
¦ Schr San Buenaventura, Halenbenc, 5 days
from Grays Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
This morning will be devoted to the re
moval of the wild beasts in specially de
vised cages, put . upon selected electric
cars, to the new and spacious- Chutes at
Tenth avenue I and Fulton street. The
route to be taken will be along Page,
Devisadero and Sacramento streets.
The only living. object that seemed at
all- collected was. the "long-eared owl,"
which merely blinked the other eye, while
a talkative and skeptical cockatoo, look
ing at the tearful crockodile,
out "Buncomb!"
'"Weyler, the alligator," joined his con
freres in the glums, and the crockodiles
shed more copious tears than usual, and
as .the mopes are as catching as the
measles the dejection spread even to the
"merry-go-round," which, on this occa
sion went sadly round. In- line with the
depressed family were Mr. Joe Congo,
Mrs. Sally. Congo and their dear, sweet,
chubby offspring',- Johanna, who looked as
if she had been fitted out at a rummage
sale. • --. . . %- .
Even the spider monkey, christened
Robert Fitzsimmons by .Henry Bush,
vowed that though he was a spider there
were no webs on him and he trusted that
in his quarters im the new Chutes by the
Golden Gate Park -he might be accommo
dated with exclusive apartments in view
of his decided antipathy to mixing with
the orang-outang and the "dog-faced
baboon," though the . latter looked al
most splrltuelle. Sadness makes won
drous changes, even in a "dog-faced'
baboon."
The whole scene was pathetic.
¦ / ¦ • . .,"•>¦••
Yesterday was -moving day at the
Chutes, and the Inhabitants, In spite of
peremptory orders from Manager Edward
Levy, opposed the eviction. Nevertheless
sawdust carpets were taken up and iron
upholstery, was • removed, and such a
commencement at, clearing out was never
seen before In -7 the Panhandle district.
While the band -played such airs as "The
Heart Bowed Down," "Good-by, Sweet
heart, ' Good-by". and "There's ' One
More River- to: Cross,"- so appropriate
to the occasion, Young Nero and Wal
lace,, the great lions, lost all con
trol of themselves and ,wept the
the weep of puny cubs. Princess, the ele
phant, so dear to the Infants, . packed Us
trunk time and time again in bags ' of
peanuts in the hope thereby to assuage
its emotion. The laughing hyena lost its
merry ha ha in contemplation of a change
of abode, and the python recoiled against
the disturbance which threatened it. The
poor little kinkee jou, or night monkey,
so named because of , Its natural disposi
tion to sleep all. day and keep awake all
night, forgot its detail and, keeping very
much awake, bathed in its own tears and
the warm spring sun. " :-
Wild Beasts, Late of Forest,
.Will Be Conveyed to
New Home.
Sad Scenes and Dejec
tion Mark Last Hours
at Old Grounds.
REMOVAL DAY
AT THE CHUTES
THE SAN FRAlSfCISCO CALL^MONDAY, MARGJH 17^ 1902;
Tivoli's Impresario Returns : From Italy With Information About
%[ Singers and Proper Way to ;Eat the Stringy r P^
Engaged by Him for Coming -Season at; Theater He Represents
"DOC" LEAHY ABLY DISCUSSES
SPAGHETTI AND GRAND OPERA
constantly on the move. There are no Pull
man cars over there and you make your own
: bed. >- At . first- I was unable to sleep," as my
• neighbor would . rest his •¦ heavy :_ shoes « In . the
"¦': small Of my back. . I became used to this after
' a time and by shifting my position' managed
to 1 . play, engagements with -nature's sweet^re
storer/.A"-^ \ '¦'¦ ¦ ¦-.¦'¦'''¦'
'\ At La Scala they produced "II Trovatore"
v in honor 'of Verdi. It was a remarkable pro
duction.^ Imagine a stage - a block long with
a proscenium opening 150 feet wide. Imagine
I 1000 ' people ; in ¦, a ballet.. I - went behind the
' stage ¦-. to : see how they , handled affairs. : , They
! did s It - in a remarkable manner. Scenery was
moved in a crude way, in fact as it was done
100 - years ; ago. - . I , could not understand bow
¦i they : did • their work, but' there was never a
hltch^ I ; never saw grand' opera produced as
Idld In.ltaly.; When they produced "II Trova
, tore",, they; charged $50 a seat and the theater
• was crowded. . ". ¦ ¦
- One does' not have to speak Italian to get
along ¦ in-' Italy. In all the; shops. : restaurants
- . and hotels you will find people who speak our
language. The ¦ people of - that country . love
music. - They do not have barrel organs with
the latest : operatic selections, but become • fa
miliar with the music by constantly patronlz
- ing. the opera.
5
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 17
Sta. Barbara. - Santa Barbara . .Mar.-17
Asuncion.... Tacoma ' Mar.* 17,
G. W. Klder. Portland & Astoria .... Ma«17.
Alliance Portland & Way Pts... Mar? 18*
Eureka...;... Humboldt Mar/18
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama.'. Mar. 18
Umatllla..;.. Puget Sound Ports... .. Mar. 18
Hermonthiis. . Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar. 18
Phoenix Mendocino City...., Mar. 18
Newburg San Petlro :..'... ."."I Mar. 10
Despatch.... San>Pedro ". Mar. 10
Peking China & Japan Mar. 19
North Fork. . Humboldt : Mar." 10
Aztec Tacoma .- . Mar. 19
SanMateo... Nanaimo .......".... .... Mar.119
Crescent City Crescent City .....'.... Mar. 20
Santa Monica. San Pedro [ :.. . Mar. 20
Folmlna Nanaimo Mar. HO
JJontta., Newport & Way Ports.. Har. 20
Bpokane San Diego & Way Ports. Mar 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena ........... Mar 20
Australia.... Tahiti Mar' 21
CityofPara.. Panama & Way Ports., Mar" 21
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma...... Mar. 21
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria..... Mar. 21
CltyofPuebla Puge* Sound Ports...... Mar. 23
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Mar 24
Alameda.. ... Honolulu Mar' °5
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Mar'" 26
steamer.- Destination. I Balls. ;pier.
March 17. ¦ .,-; 77~"~.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt'.... u am Pier 13
Argyll..... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pmSwalll
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier «
hlval Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
Marcli 18. :?:>•. ¦¦- ;."¦,-;
Mandalay.. Coquille . River. . ..~..| 3 pm Pier :2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 1 :30 p Pier ' 9
Newport... Panama X-Wav Ptsll2 m PMSS •
¦ March 1O. . . . r. • —.
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 9 am Pier 16
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City... .. 3 pm Pier 13
Newburgr... Grays Harbor .:... 5 pm Pier 2
BtateofCal. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. am Pier 11
aiarcta 2O.
Oregonian.' Honolulu' direct. .'.: .'. Pier 20
Ventura..;. Sydney- & Way Pts 10 am Pier
Alliance...' Portland & Coos B. .V. ... Pier 16
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier- 2
. March ;2l. .-:.¦; y. '„•>¦
Amer.Maru China & Japan..:. 1 pm PMSS
: . < *- March 23. |.
ArcaU/.:.. Coos B.& Pt, Orf'd 12 m|Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... .apm'Pter 3
North Fork Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
TJinatllla. . . Puget ; Sound Ports 11. am Pier : 9
' March 23."- : . >• ".-•
Bonita..... Newport & Way Pts 0 am P.ter 11
March 24. *-\ -./¦;. ¦•:
Columbia.: Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pmSwalll
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma..' 5 pm Pier -2
March 27. "'T.c.-j
City Puebla Pugef Sound Port*. 11 amlPier ;0
San Pedro. Grays Harbor,..'..; 6 pm|Pier .'2
Steamer.
Destination.
I Balls.
Steamer.
For.'
Sails.
Dolphin:....'. Skagway & Way .Ports. |Mar." 18
Farallon..'.*.. Skagway '& "Way .Ports. (Mar. 20
Cltyof Topeka Skagway & i Way Ports. jMar." 21
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & .Way;Pta.|Mar.'25
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar. 17
Sta. Barbara. - Santa Barbara . .Mar.-17
Asuncion.... Tacoma ' Mar.* 17,
G. W. Klder. Portland & Astoria .... Ma«17.
Alliance Portland & Way Pts... Mar? 18*
Eureka...;... Humboldt Mar/18
Leelanaw.... New York via Panama.'. Mar. 18
Umatllla..;.. Puget Sound Ports... .. Mar. 18
Hermonthiis. . Hamburg via W. Coast. Mar. 18
Phoenix Mendocino City...., Mar. 18
Newburg San Petlro :..'... ."."I Mar. 10
Despatch.... San>Pedro ". Mar. 10
Peking China & Japan Mar. 19
North Fork. . Humboldt : Mar." 10
Aztec Tacoma .- . Mar. 19
SanMateo... Nanaimo .......".... .... Mar.119
Crescent City Crescent City .....'.... Mar. 20
Santa Monica. San Pedro [ :.. . Mar. 20
Folmlna Nanaimo Mar. HO
JJontta., Newport & Way Ports.. Har. 20
Bpokane San Diego & Way Ports. Mar 20
Point Arena.. Point Arena ........... Mar 20
Australia.... Tahiti Mar' 21
CityofPara.. Panama & Way Ports., Mar" 21
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma...... Mar. 21
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria..... Mar. 21
CltyofPuebla Puge* Sound Ports...... Mar. 23
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. Mar 24
Alameda.. ... Honolulu Mar' °5
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Ports Mar'" 26
steamer.- Destination. I Balls. ;pier.
March 17. ¦ .,-; 77~"~.
Lakme Astoria & Portland. 9 am Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt'.... u am Pier 13
Argyll..... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pmSwalll
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier «
hlval Wlllapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
Marcli 18. :?:>•. ¦¦- ;."¦,-;
Mandalay.. Coquille . River. . ..~..| 3 pm Pier :2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 1 :30 p Pier ' 9
Newport... Panama X-Wav Ptsll2 m PMSS •
¦ March 1O. . . . r. • —.
Despatch.. Seattle & Fairhaven 9 am Pier 16
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City... .. 3 pm Pier 13
Newburgr... Grays Harbor .:... 5 pm Pier 2
BtateofCal. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. am Pier 11
aiarcta 2O.
Oregonian.' Honolulu' direct. .'.: .'. Pier 20
Ventura..;. Sydney- & Way Pts 10 am Pier
Alliance...' Portland & Coos B. .V. ... Pier 16
J. Klmball. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier- 2
. March ;2l. .-:.¦; y. '„•>¦
Amer.Maru China & Japan..:. 1 pm PMSS
: . < *- March 23. |.
ArcaU/.:.. Coos B.& Pt, Orf'd 12 m|Pier 13
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... .apm'Pter 3
North Fork Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 2
TJinatllla. . . Puget ; Sound Ports 11. am Pier : 9
' March 23."- : . >• ".-•
Bonita..... Newport & Way Pts 0 am P.ter 11
March 24. *-\ -./¦;. ¦•:
Columbia.: Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Leelanaw.. N. Y. via Panama.. 2 pmSwalll
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma..' 5 pm Pier -2
March 27. "'T.c.-j
City Puebla Pugef Sound Port*. 11 amlPier ;0
San Pedro. Grays Harbor,..'..; 6 pm|Pier .'2
Steamer.
Destination.
I Balls.
Steamer.
For.'
Sails.
Dolphin:....'. Skagway & Way .Ports. |Mar." 18
Farallon..'.*.. Skagway '& "Way .Ports. (Mar. 20
Cltyof Topeka Skagway & i Way Ports. jMar." 21
Excelsior..... Cooks Inlet & .Way;Pta.|Mar.'25
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. !
HAIR NATTTBALI.Y ABTJND^Niri
When It Is Free of Dandruff It Grows
vLuxurlantly.
Hair preparations and dandruff cures
as a rule are sticky or Irritating: affairs
that do no earthly good. Hair, when not
diseased. ' grows naturally / luxuriantly.
Dandruff is the cause of nine-tenths ¦ ot
all hair' trouble,- and dandruff is caused
by a germ. The only way to cure dan-
druff Is to kill the germ; and, so far, the
only hair preparation that will positively
destroy tne germ Is Newbro's Herpicidp —
absolutely harmless; free from grease,
sediment, dye matter or dangerous drugs.
It allays itching instantly; makes hair
glessy and soft, as- silk. "Destroy the
cause, you remove the effect"— dandruff.
MUNYON'S INHALER
Colds, Coughs,
flllSiPllL Influenza, Bron-
0J&M 1 1^^ chitis, Asthma
and all Diseases
W? of the Throat
and Lungs.
Clouds of. Medicated Vapor are inhaled through
the mouth and emitted from the nostrils, cleans-
ing and vaporizing all the inflamed and diseased
parts which cannot be reached by medicine taken
mtn the stomach. •¦.."• ¦'¦ \ \- ' ¦
-, Jl reaches the sore spots— heals the raw places
—goes to the seatof. disease— acts as aoalm ana
Ionic to the irhole syxtmn-9l.0O at druggists or
>.„ ~y, n ii ;'•¦- -"-. yew York and Philadelphia
®>IM, VIGOR, VITALITY tor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use - over fifty
Vyears ¦• by the leaders of -the
Mormon Church - and their
followers. Positively core the
worst cases in old - and young
arising.- from effects of self-
- abuse. - dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power.- Night Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lam* Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltnefes to Har-
ry. Loss of Semen, es j~% Varlcocele or Cou-
Bttpat Ion. Stop Ner *"J fj vous Twitching of
Eyelids, EfTects are v i%.^p« immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote ¦.»»»«*• ncy to every func-
tion. .'Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small.- undeveloped organs.- Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. S3
and 40 Third street." , . -¦ :
0-^<<lS^-^-^»><fc>^^^>^-%>'<t>-0
0 visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
iMUSEUea OF AHATOHYf
1 g% ';- 1051MA2UrCT.b«t.6-i*?Ji.S.r.Ci3. A
\ V ( uT- * - ¦ ' The l-arrrst Anatomical M uscum in the \
ff -, Vn'.i. World. ¦ weaknesses or any contracted M
V Jgg JjS» oVsease rssllivolycrmrxlhT the oldest T
0 jJSfSI Specialist on the Coast. E.st-3«year«. O
1 Q&0& DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f Con.iu!tati«n free ind stiictly priTate. \
6 fl Jt*Tl H Tfoatmtnt personally or ky letter. A A
' \ B /"SB P»ntt9» Cur* in erery case undertaken. . T
a P li 1 m ' w "" f ar ' Book. rRlLOHOPBY »t A
T ' f! P MARnl.lCE. MtlLEO nil. fAT
! . i'" rt Ik "alnable book for mm) --r— - _ \
( [DU. JORDAN A CO., 1051 M.irlce t Hi..9.F.9
>^S^ DR. MEYERS & CO.
fjw^^l\ -V : -specialists for «a;
Li!® *S&U& A Established 1331. C*»-
I' <f( ** " • I ¦ "Station and private boo«
I • > ,&£> ¦*/ Iree ; at ' oBlc « or mail.
\J >73l MARKET ST.
•.^^Jbr^ EAN FRANCISCO. CAJU.
Weak Mra^
SHOULD USE DAMIAN A BITTERS. THE
. Great < Mexican < Remedy : gives health ¦ and
ktreneth to sexual organs. Depot. SXi Markijt.
RADWAY'S READY RELIEF has stood
unrivaled before the public for SO years as a
Pain Remedy. -It instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. : Sore Throats. Influenza, - Bron-
chitis, Pneumonia, Rheumatism. Neuralgia,'
Headache,'. Toothache ; and all pain. > - Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Fains. All drugslata.
/ADVEBTISEICENTS. v
F OO d sue c e e d s
where others fail, be-
caiise it provides the^
infant with nutriment
in the proper form.
\l;lSendfor a free sample of Melliifs
Food and our book of bright, bappy
".MeliiiCi Food Babies"^"/;-,.
MelHn's Food "Co., Boston, Mass.
i ''iiiiimnnirii** 1 '! ¦ ' * f|T " ' — : " < : T| ' r "
Jr^M/ESE^Z*M remedy for Gonorrho»a.
Sr 1 ?? 4 ' Spermatorrhoea,
MSgy CURES Whlt«i, nnnatnral dis-
iZ&i¥ Uiu 6 "J*T». yt chargee. or any inflamma,-
n£W 0»*r»«U«4 >• -¦" tion. Irritation or ulccra-
gw-Jf Prtrtut ««i»tioB. tj«>n ot nncon ¦ raem-
Vgpkcmc!mn.o.egp or eent , n pU!n wraprer>
C. fl. A. JpiA by exprtiti. prepaid, for
lE&l&tkt-rrg&rVi $l.«). or 3 bottleB, \2.li.
•V^^^^V°-B Circular »ont on rauueet.
. ;. AkTTBTiiffETrra , '
S^Sb^*5T £very Week Day—
'IBr- / .-': ¦,. Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
¦ Racea ft art at 2:15 p. m. sharp. .-
: . Ferry-boat leaves Fan Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1, 1:30. -2,-- 2:30 and 3 p. m., connecting
with train* ¦ stopping at "the entrance to the
track. '.- 1 .aft" two cars .on: train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no emoking. Buy your
ferry tickets HO v Shell Mound. Ail trains via
Oakland , mole connect ¦' with - San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. AIbo all trains. via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ban Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, - Oakland. ¦. These - electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:15
and 4:46 p. m. and .immediately, after the last
race." '•¦>' ¦:'¦¦¦--•' ¦ ¦".'¦''.'¦¦:. '*-.-¦>-* .'.¦•":¦•
THOMAS H.- WILLIAMS JR.,. President. "
-¦ CHARLES - F.^ PRICE, • Secy, and Mgr. . . ¦
¦'"• ; ADVERTISEMENTS. "
TELEPHOKE ¦ -q Mlf|i|
LiST 1^^^^ MLJcF wPj fl. *^ iABk
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY
HiMS, Eastern...... .J3^clli. ¦
quality. Reg. 15%c.
FINNAN HADOIES .-teff I5clb.
Reg. 20c Ib.
HOLLAND HFRRP8 .- 7 for 25c
Reg-Gc each. AH mllchner.
SARDINES, "Yacht Club" — 10c
Reg. 12%c tin. Iniporttd French.
QUEtH OLIVES.- .• . . . . qt. 25c
Reg. 35c. ;. .
CLARET; Riesling or Eurgundj. gal. 65c
Reg. $1.00. Old and unadulterated
' -wines.
GIN, Holland,........:... bottle 75c
Reg. 90c. Our own Importation and
.bottllns. .
CHERRIES IN MARASCHINO ..
I Victor brand— finest In the market
Reg. 70c Qt. bot. Q0c
Reg. 50c pt. bot. . 40c
PEA BEANS . . . . . . . — 6 lbs. 25c
Reg. four for 25c. Small white.
PRUNES. Cal. French 5 lbs. 25e
Reg. 3 lbs. 23c. This season's.
C0FFEF,; ll 0rlsntH".....-.2Hbs.55c
Reg. 33c. -A high grade blend. Roast-
ed and ground, fresh dally.
BAKING POWDER....... l-lb. tin 30c
"New Era." Reg. 40c. Absolutely-
pure — none better. . *
LAYAftlNE..............3for25c
Best washing, compound. Washing
made easy. Reg. 10c pkg.
SOAP, LAUMDRY ... ... - 7 cakes 25c
Reg. 5 cakes 25c "Old Family;" Ex-
tra value. - - :. .
Enameling, reg. 5c tin.. -..7 tins 25c
It takes the lead for polishing stoves,
grates, 1 etc. j
F-IRD DATES.............. Ib.lOc
I Reg. 12#c lb.
Sanitary Sink Strainers. ........ 20c
."Vrboinan's." Reg. . 23c. With wire
Btarid: v -
FLORIDA WATER °**.J&f botlle 45c
Murray & Lanman'i.
Coffee ani Tea Canisters 15c
One lb. size. Reg. ' 23c. Fancy dec«- '
rated. . ,;:. -
Smoke AEAGONAT or VELAS-
QUEZ;; fine Key west Cigars.
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
7" — OF THE— — •
Connecticut Mutual
LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HARTFORD. IN THE STATE OF CON-
nectlcut, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1901. and for the rear end In* on that day:
made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to the require-
ments of. Section 613 of the Political Code of
said State.
¦ -- i .. ASSETS.
Net value of Real Estate .owned
by the company.......... I11.919.57S 31
Amount of Loans secured by Bond
and Mortgage on Beal Estate. . . 23,551.115 84
Amount of Loans I secured by
pledge of Bonds. Stocks or other
marketable . securities as col- ¦ -
lateral ..:..:........ 2.300 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken. In payment of. pre-
miums on policies now In force. . 697,032 91
Cash, market value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned - by the Com-
pany ...... 28.735.368 78
Amount . of ¦ Cash . ~ deposited In
Banks 1.105.970 23
Interest due and accrued... 900.712 <S2
Bents due and accrued — 10.633 28
Net. amount of premiums In pro-^ ¦-., v
' cess of collection, . and of de-
ferred premiums - 354,470 24
-.-'Total Assets'..'...'....... ,»e5,2TT.179~21
LJABIUTIES.
Claims for deatb losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un-
paid ......\...... $45,195 50
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments In process of
adjustment, or adjusted but not " .
due 14«.780 09
Claims resisted by the Company.. 29,500 OO
Net present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to the Combined Expe-
rience Tables of Mortality, with
four per cent Interest .'.'. . . M.277.857 M
Amount of all - unpaid dividends
I to policy holders.......... 1,101.498 21
Additional reserve by Company's
standard. Am. Table 3% P«r
cent on Insurance since April 1, . - . .
1882 ..........:.-.... 2.470.434 00
All other liabilities 195,073 91
Total Liabilities I58.26S.138 63
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on
new policies duringthe year.... $403,656 6T
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year... 4,680,613 79
Cash received for sale of annuities - - 15,783 00
Cash received for interest 2.537,105 48
Cash received for rents.....'. . - .457,621 10
Cash received from all other
sources ........................ 88.603 75
Total Income $3,132,473 S3
| V , - EXPENDITURES. '..
Cash paid for losses and matured
endowments ' i $4,638,270 04
Cash paid to annuitants.... 4,224 87
Paid for surrendered policies 554,217 45
Paid for dividends to policy hold- ¦ ¦«.- ¦
ers 1,284,996 24
Commissions paid to agents. . . 402,703 81
Salaries and other compensation
of officers and employes, except
agents and medical examiners.. 161,013 34
Salaries and traveling. expenses of
managers of agencies. ........ .\ 18,500 00
Medical examiners' fees and sala-
ries ............. ••• 23,672 84
Cash-Datd for taxes. :.........•.. 226,856 «O
Cash paid for rents;.... .....'..... 8,373 68
All other cash payments 549.784 27
Total Expenditures during the • -
. year .......:..... $7.872.913 25
PREMIUM-NOTE A ckpUNTT"
Premium , notes and other . /- T,
premium obligations at:
beginning of the year. ;$763.S61 90
Total....... ... v .... | ; $763,861 90
Deductions . during \ '. tne'- - .
, year, as. follows : .".i .\±~ '.
Amount of notes and 6th*r ¦
premium .-obligations
used ¦ In . payment * ; Ot
losses and claims £.. ...*:¦ $18, 919 73
Amount of notes and oth*t - -
premium obligation
1 used in purchase ot sur-
rendered .pel ides;. ..'... .6.487 84
Amount ofnot'es and other
premium obligation*!-
used In payment of dlv- . .
Idends to policy holders. , 29.070 88
Amount of. notes and other J
premium obligations
redeemed by matter in
; caah .... ................ 12.351 07
' Total reduction of Pre-
¦ mlum-Note Account . $66,828 08
Balance, note assets _ at - _- - .
- end of the "year. .' T. .'. : .Vv. • . . $607,032 91
JACOB I*' GREENE. President.
, "I- .HERBERT ;H. WHITE. SecreUry-
Subscribed and sworn to. before me. this iota
day of February, 1902. ¦"•SB
1 . /* NATHAN F. PKCK.
V . ; • Notary Public
A. K. P.~HARMON,
DISTUICT SUPERINTENDENT '
PACIFIC COAST ACENCIE9.
F*. R. NOYES,
: GENERAL AGENT. \
30-81-32/ ,•..-- MILLS BUILDING,
r . SAN . FKANC1SCO. CAI*
_ AMTTSEMEMTS.
7 Nights — Matinees Thursday and Saturday.
America'* Great Emotional Actress.
BLANCHE WALSH
First Six Nights and Saturday Matinee.
• The New Emotional Play by H. J. W. Dam,
;¦? LA MADELEINE.?
Bunday Nurtit and Special Matinee Thursday,
- MEREDITH."
- Next Monday— "THE CHRISTIAN."
EDWARD MORGAN AS. JOHN STORM.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP!
t FOURTH "WEEK, and Business BIGGER
THAN EVER, the Famous BOSTONIANS''
OPERA. "
-THE — -
Serenade!
Hear "THE FXTNNT SIDE OF THAT."
Secure Seats in Advance.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and T5c
Telephone — Bush 9.
VAUDEVILLE "REVELATIONS!
TAJS7STY. ILECE ; HEDBIX AND
PRESCOTT; MR. AND MRS. SIL-
VER^ KATHLEEN PARLOW;
PATH. CINQTTEVALIJ; TROURA-
DORS TOUIiOTJSIAirS; 3 DANC-
ING 0AWSONS; 6 BliACKBIRDS,
AMT> TEE BIOGRAPH.,
'¦'•^•Reserved Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs. 50c.
MATINEES SATURDAY AXD SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
Return Engagement ot Our $1000 Star.
MFXBOUrtNE MACDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In a Sumptuous Production of Sardou's Great
Play.
"CLEOPATRA."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c 25c. 50e. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinee*. 25c.
>Text W«k — MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
In "LA TOSCA." - ' ' '
THIS SEASON'S GREAT SUCCESS OF THIS
BEAUTIFUL THEATER.
HOWARD KYLE,
And a Carefully Chosen Company of Players,
Presenting
I NATHAN HALE,~I
By Clyde Fitch.
Complete Scenic Production.
Correct Coetumes.
BEATS NOW SELLING.
Nert Week.
"THE DENVER EXPRESS."
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Champion Lightweight of the Coast,
JIMMY BRITT
Ac the Bowery Boy in the Thrilling Melodrama,
"THE BOWERY AFTER DARK."
Jimmy Britt Appears in Every Act.
A THREE-ROUND CONTEST Every Evening
in the laet act between Jimmy Britt
and Charley Reno.
pnffXC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c. 35c. 50c
IlilwEj Matinee* 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "THE, MAN-O'-WARSMAN."
fJLVH SAT R £r\>
Belasco &. Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL WEEK.
The Brightest and Cleverest Comedy This Year.
It Abounds in Laughs That Cheer.
A FUNNY SHOW— A GREAT CAST.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c and 75c '
.- i ' Next— "BROTHER JOHN."
Fischers Theatre
p'Farrell *t.. bet. Stockton and Powell.
Telephone Main 231.
LITTLE CHRISTOPHER
EFOR THE FIRST TIME
TO-NIGHT. ,
The- Cleverest, Funniest of all Burlesques.
«. - A GREAT CAST.
MAGNIFICENT COSTUMES— ENTIRE NEW
SCENERY.
Forty New and Original Musical Numbers.
" Beats 25c and 5Oc— all reserved.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday, 25c
Children at MaUnees. 15c.
WATCH FOR OUR SENSATION.
EititfivaBi'lUli via a
B %S I > I '¦»< I I L. jnTJSi
NORRIS &" ROWE'S
BIG SHOWS.
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2:15.
TO-NIGHT AT 8:15.
THOUSANDS DELIGHTED YESTERDAY.
A TREMENDOUS HIT!
ONLY NOVELTY IN TOWN!
BRING THE CHILDREN TO-DAY. .
&<»— PERFORMING ANIMALS— 500.
ADMISSION— Adults. 25c; Children. 10c.
. Phone No. South 720. • - •'
Dscf ']/"•/¦. Desirable location,
TUlUVV unsurpassed cuisine,
unequal e <T ser-
nrin v > c e and modern
Uilii conveniences are the
attributes that" have
Irfflfl/l made these two ho-
-j* UlUilU tels popular- with
tourists and travel-*
f-frk-frtfc ers w °o visit San
IlUlCib Francisco.smartness of her gear. •
.' It was ¦ not . until after luncheon that
there was' enough wind ¦ to warrant the
hoisting of the sail f of .a jfrfeiiminary
cruise. : Then the racing boat was towed
out . for a little way by • a launch and
cruised: for . some time in the channel,
wjiere ' a moderate- breeze was I blowing.
On board was a large party of yachts
men; all of whom observed with pleasure
the manner in which. she slipped though
tho water and the rapidity with which
she went about.
Among *those who were present at the
christening, were ex-Commodores C. H.
Harrison, Isidor Gutte, W. N. McCarthy
and T.L.. Hill; Commodore R. S. Bridg
man; Treasurer R. M. Welch; Financial
Secretary A. G. A. Mueller; Secretary W.
M.Edgell; James Kitterman, Frank
Bartlett, C. H. Wedgwood and K. R.
Bradley of the I newly organized South
Coast Yacht Club; B. D. Adamson, James
Conning, George D. Campbell, W. Suth
erland, J. M. Punnett, G. T. S. - White,
Andy Westwater, L. Q. Haven, the Misses
Kennedy, Miss Veires,, Mrs. Bridgman
and other ladies.
Miss Edith Bridgman,
Commodore's Sister,
Christens the, Craft
SPARKING WINE FLOWS OVER
THE BOW OF "THE CHALLENGER"
Company B, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot — A. Hoff
man 50 J. Meyers SO. J. McNess 19, L. Knott
ner 19. S Marcuse 19, R. Young CO, W.
Keenan 28. E. Knottner 3». E. Sturgis 33, G.
Sullivan 39. E. Davis 13, H. Lally Jr. 23. D.
P. Casey 30. J. Gaffney 20, H. Windt 14, J.
O'Keefe 15. J. Fltzpa trick 21. \V. Baker 29, A.
Wagner 31, W. A. Fairbanks 17. A. Nichol
son o3, A. Bertrand 27. '
Company A, Fifth Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot:
Troop A, First Cavalry. National Guard of
California, monthly medal shoot — R. Cap 50,
Sergeant Ureciuger 4S, C. A. Becker 48. L. Mc-
Kinley 48, C. Nicolai 40, W. Spanhake 45,
Lieutenant C. F. Wells 4-1. E. McKarley 44,
Sergeant H. B. Taylor 42. F. Thomaeon 40. H.
C. Klunjr 40. O. W. Pope 39, F. Fritz 38, -T.
Carltn 3S Sergeant Spaar 38. A. J. Thorna-
Sle 38, Corporal C. M. Flckert 37. J. Ritchie
37. H. L. Detrick 30. C. Cleveland 36, \V. J.
Davis 35. Sergeant A. N. Smith 32. \V. Rogers
30, Trumpeter Wafer ::0. W. J. Huber 29, H.
O. R. Hanson 28. IV. S. Huggins 22, B. Cruik
shank 19. G. R. Hanson 13.
The day's scores follow:
prize winners for the March shoot
of "the Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club
were also announced yesterday. G. Mit
chell scored a bullseye one-tenth of an
inch from the center, which is the record
shot for the new organization.
A. Hoffman, Company B, First Infan
try, made a clean score with the rifle at
200 yards. R. Cap, Troop A, -First Cav
alry, did equally well with the revolver
at fifty yards. . P. Gilman did the best
work for Company A, Fifth Infantry.
The shooting at Shell Mound yesterday
was much lighter than«usual and confined
wholly to regular monthly medal shoots
of National Guard organizations.
Puncture Ten Bullseyes in
Succession at Shell
Mcund.
Gay and Hoffman Prove
Experts Wilh . Rfle ; •'.
and Revolver.
MARKSMEN MAKE
PERFECT SCORES
casting Club at Stow Lake yesterday at
tracted the largest attendance of members
in the history of the competition. J. B.
Kenniff proved the cleverest in distance
casting, sending out 110 feet of line. W.
D. Mansfield was best in the accuracy
event, scoring 94.8 per cent. He was also
best at lure casting, with 93.4 per cent.
The complete table of results follows:
The Pastime Attracts an Unusual
Number of Bod-Wielders to ,
Stow Lake in the Park.
The" contests of the San Francisco Fly-
MANY FLYCASTEBS TEST
THEIR '¦ SKILL WITH BOD
best attendance of this season and
shooting that was up to the average
marked the meeting of the Union Gun
Club yesterday at Ingleside bluerock
traps. -The day was ideal for good work
and a large number of the/ club's new
members were present for the first time.
Clarence Nauman 13 rapidly rounding
Into form and his shooting was one of the
features of the occasion. From the twen
ty-yard line to the club shoot he succeed
ed in shattering twenty-five birds without
a miss.
In the medal shoot Sylvester succeeded
in winning the handsome gold medal,
while Burns won. the silver trophy. Tliese
medals will be worn for a month by the
winners and then will be offered again
for competition. At the end of the sea
son, they will become the property of the
two marksmen who shall have succeeded
In winning: them the greatest number of
times during the season. In- the medal
shoot the handicaps were governed by
the scores made by the men In the club
shoot. Sylvester tied with Shields and
Iverson for the gold medal. In the ahoot
off with fifteen . birds to each man he al
lowed only one to escape.. Shields lost
three and Iverson four. . -•*, - ,
The members of the varioutf clubs are
taking great interest in the trip shooting
at Ingleslde. On next Sunday the mem
bers of the Olympic Club will appear^be
fore the bulkheads, and on the following
Sunday the Union Gun Club .will hold Its
tournament and merchandise shoot. Val
uable prizes will be offered on this occa
sion and It Is "expected some, record
breaking scores will be made.
The scores made in the club shoot yes-
, day follow: Fourteen-yard handicap
—Muller 13, Granerhol 13. Phillips 11.
Tuckey 8. Herring j, Ryan 6. Sixteen
yard handicap-Hoyt IS, Herring 15. Gor
£> on T 14 ; Zeiner *£ Walpert 22. Mickelsson
12, Jackson 22, Fisher 19, Kinch 21. Sh'.elda
17. Sylvester 16, Finocchici 12, Daniels 19.
Robertson 17, Thomas 20, Diekmann 16.
iJghteen-yard handicap— Jackson 19, Fred
Feudner 23, Bunnell 15. Twenty-yard han
dicap — Nauman 25.
According to these scores Nauman re
ceived first money and the honor of be
ing placed in the first class: Iverson,
Eisner and Daniels, second money and
second class; Thomas. JJickelsson and
Sf«^l nff> } hlr & money and third class;
Phillips, fourth money and fourth class
in the visitors' and members" handicap
event the men shot at twenty-five birds
and were handicapped from fourteen to
twenty yards. The scores were as fol
lows: Ladd 22, Zeiner 25, Iverson 23 Syl
vester 24, Shields 23. Burns 23. T. Lewi*
24: Bunnell 22, Jackson 24, Walpert 23.
Diekinann 22. Robertson 25
,,iH n * th fl S f vent Zetoer and Robertson dl-
IJ?a r £ st m ° ne y: Sylvester. T. Lewis
and Jackson divided second money; Wal
pert, Bunnell and Ladd divided third
money.
¦Jfi/iKkjfc . ¦ t» .. ..
Grant and Chet Smith won the Davis
cups for the third consecutive -time yes
terday in the California Tennis Club
courts. The winners now lead in the race,
having their names inscribed four, times.
One more victory will give them the cups
permanently. They met Collier and Crow
ell, their nearest opponents in the ruce,
and with a slight handicap won. The
final between these two teams was ona of
the closest and most stubbornly contested
matches ever seen on the local courts.
The handicap was "owe half fifteen," and
the score in favor of Smith and Smitn
was 6-2, 10-12, 6-4. Collier and Crow ell
were at their best and handled the loos
of the victors in clever " style. - Chet
Smith's lobbing was excellent, while tne
serving and smashing of his brother was
St ln n tne first set Collier and Cro^ell, a3
usual, were rather slow in starting and
their opponents won easily. In the sec
ond set the Smith brothers had a^good
lead of 4-2. and looked to have the match
well in hand, but their opponents braced
and took the next three games. From
this point on Collier and Crowell were
constantly in the lead, finally winning
12-10. The match was to have been a
five-set one, but the a ¦ contestant^ , who
were exceedingly tired, decided to make
lt I t n W ?h O e U nn°il t L r rthe winner^ , took the
first two games, but the next three went
to Collier and Crowell. At this • Point tne
brothers put more speed into their strokes
and took the next- three games. Grant
Smith put an end to , the struggle by. a
serve which Collier was unable to return.
It was probably the best match a tour
nament of this kind has brought out.
Ten teams entered the tournament and
.following is a summary, of the play.
Preliminary round— A. Duncan and Dr. Noble
wfn from FrlnK Mitchell Sherwood Adams
by default; Dr Lane and James _Mach.enzie
beat Frank Hooper and Charles Kuehn. 2-6,
6 'Firtt%ound-Collier and Crowdl beat Her
bert Schmidt and Jack Gibson (30) »-«».
0-3; Orville Pratt and George Whlpple beat
Noble ana Duncan (% SO) fr-3, 2-6 «-3; Smith
and Smith beat Lane and MacKenzie do 4-6).
0-2 2-6 U-l; Frank Stringham and Sidney bai
isbury beat Al Kenyon-and Clyde Beal, (to 30),
6 2 2-6 6-** ¦< > ' . t
"second round— Collier and Crowell beat Pratt
and Whipple (ft 30). 0-2. 7-5; Sn"^^, 3 ™ 1^
beat Strlngham and Salisbury (% 15). 4-6.
Finals— Smith and Smith beat Collier and
Crowell (owe V, 15). 6-2; 10-12, C-4
Many practice matches were played wnlcn
resulted' a3 follows: v
Singles — A Beyfuss beat Dr. Noble, &-2; Dr.
Noble beat A. Duncan, 6-1, 6-3: A. Worthing
ton beat Bull, 7-5, 6-0; F. Strlngham beat G.
Whipple (% 30), 6-3, 7-5; A. A. Moore tied
M. Cerf 6-2, 1-6. 4-6. 6-2; Punnett beat B. G.
Wood 6-2; A. Kenyon beat C. Beal. 6-4; L.
Cutler beat Wood, 6-1.
Doubles— W. Stauf and J. a. Gibson Sr. beat
J. G. Gibson Jr. and Sherman. 6-4. 6-3. 6-2;
Stringham and Whipple beat Moore and Cerf.
6-1; Worthlngton and Kllnk beat G. Lane and
Bull, 9-7, C-2; Klink and Lane beat Worth
ington and Bull, 13-11; Kuehn and Duncan beat
Wood and Hooper, 12-10, 6-8, 13-11.
Union Gun Club Meet Draw3
Many Experts to
Ingleside.
California Club Courts Are
Crowded With
Players.
The Clever Trap Shot Is
Rapidly Rounding
Into Form.
For Fourth Time They
Capture Davis
Cups.'
SMITH BROTHERS
WIN AT TENNIS
NAUMAN BREAKS
MANY BLUERDGKS
SPORTSMEN LURED FROM WINTER HAUNTS BY SPRING WEATHER
THE SAN '.FRANCISCO ;VpA:LL,; ; MOISa)^,;}M^CH^ 17, 1902.
; ;- S ANTTAGO { DE^CHILE; March 1 16.^
section f of '¦- the { naval r arsenal ' at - Valpa
raiso '.¦ has t been *. destroyed ¦ by . ¦¦ fire • ' Tho
loss ' is ,. placed ;*t : ajaocOOoT'
Fire I Destroys • Naval Arsenal.
I^ate Shipping Intelligence.
ARRI\"ED.
Sunday. March lft,
Ftar Ruth, HisEins, 5C hours from San
Pedro. . -•./'¦' -••
> Schr Mary C. Campbell, 10 hours from Bo-
Ih> You Plav Poker?
If you do. buy. your chips pf us. -We have
a complete ; stock of chips, playing cards,
dice, chessmen, checkers and a large : va
riety of tally, cards. Sauborn, Vail & Co
741 Market street. »'
. The opinion was freely expressed in the
sporting resorts ; last ;, night . that - the re
opening of bids on April 1 meant the loss
of, a i lot of prestige- to '¦• the 'flght/'w To'- the
people on the ground in',. this city^ It Is evi
dent the .situation" will not? be. any clearer
on All Fools'"day than it is : to-day. r; Cer
tain bids ' star. '1 * out i above,, the others : and
a . selection should ; be easy . If the j fighters
mean business. v *>'_ .,-?;..- : .^ r
The ;. Santa! ~- Clara : College r Juniors ? arid
the ; St. . Igmatiua . College juniors will ] meet
in ; a. 'baseball .'match, '.this afternoon .: at
Sixteenth ; and : Folsom streets. * . The teams
will be made up as follows: •,". .'¦'
¦-Santa Clara— Sigwart, f Dunn, Finnigan,
Kelleher, < Young (captain) ;. Rowland/Ter
razas,. Calon, Muhlendorf. r St: Ignatius^
Smith. Rieterman, :O - Rourke,7Heffefmah
(captain).^; Ryan; „•:' Kennedy; .Mulcharc,
Kelly; Whelan. - • , -•-..- ¦¦•••
College . Nines' Play Baseball.
> FRESNO, .March; • 16.— About 800 people
witnessed > the , baseball ' game ' this after
noon.. at Athletic Park i between ' Oakland
and Fresno. 'V Chance's . base ' running j and
Dunlea vy's : , home, run were the features
Score : r Fresno 13, Oakland 11. , , Batteries—
Jansen,' Schmidt and Lohman; Mosklman
Crystal and Gordon. Umpires— Ferguson
andBurleigh.' ;U :,-. v - •
Baseball at Fresno.
XEW YORK, March 16.— Tommy Hall
the English champion cyclist, who Is *n
der the management of James C. Ken
nedy, will endeavor to lower the motor
pace^ records made^by Jimmy Michael.
English Cyclist After Records.
Selections for To-Bay.
First Race — Lady Sterling:. Ada N, Hua
chuca.. «
Second Race — Duke of York. Aurlfera, Sam
Green.
Third Race— Bell heed, Gold Van, Arabo. 1
Fourth Race— Black Dick, El Mldo, Evea O.
Fifth Race— Jim Hale, . Herculean, ; im
promptu. .
Sixth Race — Sweet Tooth, Pope Leo Kitty
SAX JOSE. March 15.-The Eagle Bowl
ing Club of this city defeated the Bo
hemian Bowling Club of San Francisco
ast evening fn.a contest on the local al
\SX K -- 1 hc Sf -° rc> s were as follows Eaeles—
g2,;TiS. 702, £20; Bohemians-713, ra? cT
San Jose Bowlers Win.
• : WASHINGTON, March 16.— Senators
i and members of Congress are very much
interested -in the fact that the pensions
appropriation bill soon will become a law
because they hope to obtain, from It sorr«
relief from the pressure : on them to sel
cure private pension legislation The hit l
contains a provision making it a- criminal
offense for. attorneys, -claim agents or
other, 'persons: to receive 'comnensatinn
for services rendered .. in connection with
the passage through Congress of priva te
pension bills. They say there are now
many times as many bills before Oon
gress as possibly can receive attent?on
during the Congress, and the ¦nEmKl .
Increasing daily. They ° recojrniz^ t>, H
many , of , the bills, represent 'ju? t * c ial£i.
but they also feel that claim i- attorns
have '- been more • active than thev £2.2
called upon to be. it is \ »\*Z I* .were
that claimants have been imposed in" d
many r cases and ¦ persuaded "to ™2 n . in
the introduction ¦< of bills which stofTd
. show. of becoming laws Th. wfi i no
.in th ? hands of the Pr^lidenL ¦'¦ ls now
MANY PRIVATE PENSION
BILLS BEFORE CONGRESS
The , Motor ; Bicycle ; Club was . also " on
the road.- about' twenty-flve members .be
ing . in ; attendance. : They created quite
a stir with their machines. Those pres
ent; were:'. , -, ' ¦ . : ,- . ¦' .*... ..
¦ Captain Joseph -Holler Charles Beliman
Roy Marks,' Louisa Bell,, E. V. , Hideout"
W. Chubbuck,. Arthur-. Burgess, Bj*
Holle, "John Bill, Louis 'Vidy.vj. w Leav
itt,'. E.? Matthews, Harrys Miller, Ben Bill
Charles M. Schroth- and David. Lewis
:: In the California' Club race first place
was won: by E..A.. Mitchell. and the Ume
prize by , Charles ¦ Brown. u saGEg|ys«n
N. B. Borree, R. Knox, G. Cushman; A.
Roberts, O. Mallack, M. Borree, H Han
cock, F. Westcott, W. Gustavison, J. Phe
lan, L. Samuels, , F. r E. Muller, M. Green
wald,, C. Pittman, C...W.V Carpenter, T.
Johnson, W. Armacost, F. Dettman W
A. Smith, J. Jeffries, . A. Gonzalus ¦ ' L*
Meyer, L. Cabelier, GS Goebel, I. Sllver
stein, R. Nolan," F. Gustavison and \V J
Goebel. : -y •-¦'--
• San ; Leandro r took on an y unwonted ap
pearance 'of j cycling acUvity; yesterday,
owing .to , the , number of wheelmen who
were present with their clubs or on rac
ing bent i The members of the" San Fran
cisco' Wheelmen had' an • exciting . ten
mile itryout in", which twenty-eight riders
took - part. -The | time was not announced,
but . the ' riders finished in the - f ollowW
order: . : . ,.. ;> .. . . • . . °
: "Eighty-two per cent in San . Francis
co 1 ," said Jeffries, • "seems v to be a good
proposition. I don't . know > which will .. be
accepted, however. There < may be * other
things to take into consideration. I have
no Idea what " Fitzsimmons ; will • do.~> It
may take several . days : to reach : a ;' de
cision. In the meantime 'II shall get to'
workand do my preliminary training hero
at home until I know where the fight will
take place. - Delaney is ' in San Francisco
in my interest,, and I shall,, of course, be
influenced \ in a measure .by ;his recom
mendations. I. would be glad
to have it come off here." r. .
. LOS ANGELES, March 16.— When asked
to-day what ¦ he thought of ;the -bids -for
the blg^ fight, Champion James J. 1 Jeffries
was noncommittal. -He .would express no
decided preference , for a San Francisco
club. He said he thought the, bids of 'the
Los Angeles Club,- one for a purse of $25,
000 and another .of 70 per cent with a guar
antee of $20,000, were: entitled; to -¦ serious
consideration ajad he .would be glad to use
his influence in bringing the fight here. V
' All bids must be sent ' In duplicate to
New York and opened April 1, at: which
time a decision as to which club will get
the fight is to be made. This was- agreed
to by Delaney and- the. talk came: to an
end. ¦ ¦ - ¦ '.¦%•' '¦• ¦¦-•.¦ . ¦ ¦;
; . NEW YORK, March 16.-Percy : . Wil
liams, acting -for Bob Fitzsimmons, had
a talK» over the telegraph' wires to-day
with Billy Delaney, who is in San Fran
cisco looKing after the interests of Jim
Jeffries. The men Interchanged a num
ber of messages relative to tthe.bids; for
the light. Delaney favored , the Los An
geles offer, but Fitzsimmons, who was' at
this end of the wire with Williams, did
not fall in with the idea. . Finally ¦Fitz
simmons gave this. ultimatum: . . ' „
Great Throng Appears
on San Lean dro
-Triangle.
Fitzsimmons Insists on
:- Matter Remaining
Open Longer.
. Reception — A. . Michaels (chairman), R
Brown, S. Schwartz, J. Gibbs. B. . Wachol
der, Charles Nathan.
Otflcers-^-Charles A. Berliner, president ; R
Brown. 'vice president: D. Lande, secretary b"
Wacholder, treasurer; H. BacKer. • first trustee"
J. Gibbs, second trustee; H. Bloom, third trus
tee; T. Roberts, fourth trustee; Max Michaels
conductor; I* H. : Friedman, inside guard • Sol
Hoffman, messenger. "
Flooi? — Charles W.~ Lubllner (manager), Sam
uel Frank (assistant), I. Goldstein, . Max
Michaels, Charles Levy, Max Newman, A. L.
Goldstein.. : '
Arrangements — 21. Sllverstein (chairman),
S. Schwartz (vice chairman), D. Lande (secre
tary), B. Wacholder (treasurer), H. Backer,
I. ' Goldstein, A. Michaels, R. , Brown, ¦ Charles
Levy, J. Gibbs. M. . Newman, A. Sugerman,
Charles Nathan, Samuel Frank, H. L. Springer.
M. Michaels, C. W. Lubllner, M. Raphael.
Samuel Goldman, • H. Bloom, ¦ Joseph Blurae.
In the grand march which opened the
merriment last. night In the twelfth an
nual purlm ball' given t>y the Chavra
Shaare Refooah at Odd Fellows' Hall
there were over 100 couples.' The ball was a
success. The . hall was artistically deco
rated. Along the gallery rails were ex
tended long streamers of white and pink
and from the center of the hall wa3 sus
pended a beautiful festoon of colors. /The
committees - who contributed to the suc
cess of the event were as follows:
Twelfth Annual Purlm Ball.
Sixth Race— Fix furlongs; the Tom Moore
sdling purse; four- year-olds and up:
<34tO)Sweet Tooth.. 108. 3440 S. for Scandal 98
3414 B. Bohmanson 91 341C Gusto . - in 1 )
3417 Wyoming 111 3307 Captivate '" 02
844O Dorian ......102 3165 Klttj' Kelly "'wl
3309 Maresa .98 33S1 Eldred ni
3440 Tope -Leo . v 109, •--••...
Fifth Race— One and V sixteenth, miles, the
St. Patrick selling purse; three-year-olds and
up:
.1328 Com. Forster.. 08! 3441 Herculean "...109
3242 Jim Hale ...107 1 (3434) Impromptu . 110
S1S5 Gawaine ..... 99)
Fourth Race^-One and an eighth miles, ths
Shamrock - selling parse; three-year-olds and
up:
(3429) El Mido 113 3033 Essence ; 111
(3430) E vea G . : 93 3397 Morengo 103
."M47 John McGurk.10") 3398 Black Dick 109
3429 Loyal S 103
Third Race — Four furlongs, the Balfe purse;
two-year-olds :
Deutchland . . 106 j 3437 The Phantom.103
3427 Arabo Ill) 3437 Fire Dance ..103
.... Darante 103 j 3444 Vinct'des ..v.IOf!
3144 Estrellada ...103: (3444) Bell Reed ...118
S30U Gold Van ...10G',
Second Race— One and a quarter miles the
SarsSeld hurdle handicap; three-year-olds' and
upward:
(2995) Aurif era 1301 3425 Bonltary .. ..130
3360 Master Lee ..1C8! 3234 Sea Song ....135
3407 Earn Green ..1331 3445 Duke of York. 153
Followmg are the enries for this after
noon's events at Oakland track:
• First Race— Seven furlongs, the Parnell sell-
Ing purse; three- year-olds and upward:
C442)Lady Sterling.100 3210 Ada N .......109
M'M KUldoe 90 3443 Mythrox 101
8355 February ....112 3442 Huachuca ...ltti
f.1432)M!ke Strauss.. 110 3442 Parsifal 109
(3425)Our Lizzie ..108 3442 The Weaver... 101
331.G Ulloa 108 3443 Mont. Peeress 04
Oakland Track Entries.
The next contests will be held on Sat
urday and Sunday .instead of the sched
uled dates, the 29th and '30th inst. The
contests postponed from the 1st inst. will
be held on the 29th.
a- Fourth event— 15 birds. 5 pairs ; doubles, 5
singles: ''jtlfelS^f^'^'^^'^m^
Duboise '. '. . .¦:'¦}. .OlOOllOllOlloil— 0
Carman OlOOOCfrlOlOUll — S
White .'.. . . ......... . . .010010010000010— '4
Landon , ; . . . ; .-. . . ; .011110111111101— 12
J. Orr. .......:. . v. . . ... ; . ; ; 101010100101101— 8
J. , Matthews........... .....110111001010110^-" 9
Second-event — 10 birds^-A., , ' . . ¦
Carman /'.".: i :'.•'. . .-. . '. . . . . . . . . . . : illlllllOOl — 8
Jeffrey .... . . ... .......... . : ; . ..0011100101— 5
¦J. Ghirardelli ...................0111111011— 8
Landon : .1110101111— 8
Leavitt ......;......... . . . :. . . i .oiiooouio— o
Ghirardelll Jr. .............. .1001001111—^6
-.Third; event— 10 birds:.-
Matthews .......' .1 .;.'. : !...... 0110110001— 5'
White' ;......... .............1001100010-f- 4
Brown". . . . ... ........ ..... ..... ..0011110101— li
Carman 1000100110^- 4
Jeffrey ..:...:...:.... . . . . .-. 1001011001— 5
J. Orr. .............¦....;....... .0101110111—' 7,
,: President, Joseph Ghirardelll; vice presi
dent, Max Scftleuter; secretary and treas
urer, ; Jack Matthews;- manager, W. B.
Jeffrey. : ';.
The main event was the opening of the
shoot for 'the medal^off ered . by J. Cal.
Ewln'jf.' This ; medal iWill be \ awarded at
the ¦ end of the season to the \ member who
has ' the best * average ! for j | the ,-. season.
There must be at least six- scores of .twen
ty-five shots each, with; the 'privilege of
making : up two back scores. ; State Sen
ator Frank ' Leavitt and Joseph Ghlrar
delli made the highest scores to-day. The
complete score is asfollows: ¦ . •
First event — 25 birds: ;.-'¦ ". ' ' " ¦ • "¦
Leavitt .1111101111111111101010000— IS
Ghirardelll - : .... .1101111111111010100101101—18
J. Matthews ...-.0010001110111001001000111—12
Carman V.V. . . . ..0110010111001110001101100—13
Duboise- . . . . . . .T .1010101001100111001011011— 14
Landon 1101010011011110101110111-^-17
Scores Made in the Contest for 'the
V Medal Offered by J. Cal t :
Ewing. ' f ;...'
OAKLAND, March' 16.— The ""Antlers
Gun Club" held the' first shoot of the sea
son this morning at : the Lincoln Gun Club
grounds, on Alameda Point This club is
ah organization composed of members of
the Oakland Lodge of Elks and its offi
cers are: . '. ' . • ;..; • ¦. ! ;
ELKS OPEN THE. SEASON v ;\
WITH A GOOD SHOOT
CYCLISTS RAGE
ON THE ROAD
During the morning a meeting of yacht
owners was held in the -clubhouse, at
which.'a schedule of cruises 'and other
events for the coming season was ar
ranged. During the coming week the com
mittee which gathered the funds for
building- The Challenger will meet to
choose a crew for the new craft and to
settle the details of her management.
and the foaming wine burst forth as she
spoke the words, "I , christen thee, The
Challenger."' . 'The ; ceremony , was per
formed on the float of the clubhouse at
Sausalito in the presence of a large num
ber of officers and members of the club.
While The Challenger lay at the float slw
was visited by many small parties, all of
whom admired her • trim lines and the
MUST RESUBMIT
THE FIGHT BIDS
p>^p!qHE sun shone brightly when Miss
I Edith Bridgman broke a . be
i ribboned bottle of champagne
11 yesterday upon the" bow ¦ of the
new craft built by a syndicate of
members of San Francisco Yacht Club.
With no uncertain hand the young lady
brought the bottle down upon the boat,
BoUermakcrs and Iron Ship Builders
Entertain Large Number of
Guests at Annual Outing>.
The Brotherhood of Boilermakers and
Iron Slup Builders held its third anuual
picnic at Shell Mound Park yesterdav
Fully 4fXX» guests were in attenda^e'S
n.11 voted the occasion a most eniovablp
one Special trains were run between the
afternoon mOl<5 half h ° UrIy dU^°»
J^, f . or valuable prizes were held for
bo>s. girls, married men, married ladies,
rat men and women, apprentices, fore
men, helpers and members. Two bands
m 11 !?.!^ or ?£ es l ra wer e Present to furnish
rnuFic for th« dancers. Entertainment was
furnished for every one and the affair
"*'££' 2J1 S he !IL hole ' "nusually successful.
Credit for the excellent management of
the outing belongs to the following named
officers and committees:
OflWrs of Lodge No. 25— President, Michael
Purcell: -vice president. M. Philpott; fmat^al
rhJn^tJ-, J - £aerid * a : recording 'cecreUry
S^ le^. P ? clsm: corr<Mlpofl<sln f secretary EdI
¦ward Furlong; treasurer. John Furlong- » In
rpector. lilrhard Wray; Inside guard. Timothy
Crowiey. Board of trustee6 Lodge* No 25^
« - aerson - J - Moran and B. Gallagher
Officers of Ledge No. 205— President? Bedford
E. Day; vice president. W. Gibson; • financial
recretary. R. Ellis; recording secretary. Thomas
Keenan; corresponding secretary, F Maher"
treasurer. W. «. Brown; inspector. F. \Vest :
inside guard.. J. Nailon. «esi.
Board of trusteee. Lodge No. 205— Eiward
Crowshay, J. Stewart and W Butler
-Floor ccmroittee— John Co.-uiolly. Lodge No
25 (manager). Robert E]li R , . Lodge No 205
ianslictant). Oecrge Ltllii.. r>4nlel Kelly John
Petrie, George McNerry. W. H Mcni>rmo?t
Dull^an Waiter Clb.cn S P&
Clarence Perrault and M. PhUpott '
Kewrtlon committee— Charles ijarcourt. J
?ASS GAY AFTEBNOON
AT SHELL HOTJiny PABK
THE NEW FLIER BUILT BY A SYNDICATE OF MEMBERS OF SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB AND AN INCI
' DENT OF THE CHRISTENING, WHICH TOOK PLACE YESTERDAY AT SAUSALITO IN THE PRESENCE
OF- A LARGE ATTENDANCE OF YACHTING ENTHUSIASTS. i ; . , .. . :
Eintracht Shooting' Section fcullseye shoot —
C. Ancr. 951; F. Eggerllng. 946; F. A. Kuhis,
121; C. Luchstadt, 165; J. Rohrer, 1438; J.
Zahn. 498; C. Miller. 1317; C. Nagel, 1674; E.
Rlchenschneider, 1079; H. Luenger, 1594; .A.
Stroh. 1314; R. Scheile, 1089; A. Utschig. 16 {.
160; J. Meyer. 96. 53; B. Jonas, 176. 176; W.
Schmalhern 141; W. Schaumloffel. 105, 82. ¦
California Schuetzen Club, bullseye shoot
C. Sagehorn 107. O. Burmeister C53. W. Ehren
pfort 453, J. C. Waller C8. W. Blasse 710. M.
F. Blasse '858. G. Tammeyer 1374 A. Rah
wyler 1110. F. M. Carroll (cadet) 396, E.
Englander 412, M. Hartter 213. H. Becker
<cadet) 2396. A. von Wyl 775. F. A. Schrumpf
1041, G. Ahrens 3002, E. Woenne 1202. W.
Woenne 664, A. Bertelsen 492, . J. Straub 850,
J. Horstmann 2380. H. Hacke 2933, F. Ber
telsen 2508. A. Utschig 407, F. Boener 1815,
O. H. Bahrs 652. A. Hampel 1725 L. Thier
bach 678. L. Renbold 1369, A. Gehret 892. O.
Beemer 847i A. Mocker 650, T. J. Carroll 152,
C. Mayer 1395. C. M. Rausseail 875. G. Ritch
muller Sr. 1475. L. Rink 1733. W. Nolden 1940,
F. A. Kuhls 213. J. Bachmann 699, A. Strecker
175, W. McLaughlin 897, H. Scnenuert 1103, F.
D. Smith 1373, F. G. Bradford 1554. P. Jacobl
2248. ,-: : .' ¦ • .
Grutli Shooting Section, medal shoot — Cham
pionship class, A Gehret. 461; first class, A.
Straub. 425; third class. O. Imdorf. 294.
San Francisco GrutH Shooting Section bulls
eye shoot — 1. A. Gehret; 2. O. Hintermann;
3. R. Hauser; 4, C. Ott; 5. O. Imdorf: 6. J.
Bachmann; 7. T. Stamen; 8, F. Baumgartner;
9, E. Suter; 10. J. Bruegger; 11. L. Hauser.
San Francisco Turner Schuetzen Club point
shoot — L. Brone, 205. 191; G. Tammeyer, 205.
183; F. Attlnger, 201. 189; O. Burmeister. 197.
186; C. Sagehorn. 160. ICO; C. Rudolph. 172,
165: C. Neilson. 162. 159; J. Straub. 167. 155.
A. C. Gehret of the Grutli Shooting Sec
tion tried for the Pacifio Coast record,
and succeeded in tleing the score held by
Dr. L. O. Rodgers. The contest was the
best score out of twenty shots, the record
being 46L Gehret not only tied the coast
record, but won the Grutli medal. His
scores in three trials were 445, 453 and 461.
The summaries of the day's events follow :
SAN RAFAEL, March 16.— A large num
ber of marksmen tried their skill at
Schuetzen Park this afternoon, and many
high scores were recorded. The California
Schuetzen Club, San Francisco Turner
Schuetzen, Eintracht Shooting Section and
Grutll Shooting Section all had large del
egations present.
Schuetzen Park.
Ecores 461 Points in Twenty Shots at
GEHRET EQUALS A BECOBD.
Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, prizes won
at bullseye shoot of March 2 — G., Mitchell 10.
J. Cobby 19Vj. E. Cobby 22. F. Slebe 22%, W.
Thompsen 53^. R. S. Wixson 71, .Dr. B.
Roche 79. A. Poulsen 83. W. Blebe 87. H. C.
Puckhaber 87. A. Gay 91 15.
Third round — Rector beat A. J. Martin 2-0;
Homer Boy beat War Eagle. 5-4; Vandal" beat
Mayflovrer. 8-6; Sacramento Boy beat Mamie
Pleasant. 4-O.
Fourth round — Rector beat Homer Boy. 9-4;
Sacramento Boy beat Vandal. 5-2. - '
Deciding course — Sacramento Boy beat Rec
tor after an undecided. 3-3. 14-8,
Open stake — F. Rosenberger's Master Bly
beat E. Geary's Little Jim. 4-2; T. Burke's
J. C. Heenan beat W. C. de B. Lopez's Peplta
ft-7; A. R. Curtis' Wapsee beat H. L Ma
r.any"? Roxana. 4-1; J. Connolly's New Moon
beat T. W. Bartel's Bogus Brummel 7-4- R
B. Kay's Hawker a bye. Sea Cliff withdrawn;
P. Scott's Half Moon beat Kelly & Hanley's
Fearful Ship. 7-4; P. M. Clarkson's Flower of
GOid beat F. Rosenberger's Lady Chiquita 7-4-
F Rosenberger's My Nell beat T. Coleman's
Cotton Ball. 6-3; C. O. Peterson's Haphazard
beat Kelly & Hanley's Lusawgh Lad- 24-13- J
M. Carroll s Cascade beat T. Sullivan's St'
Flmon. 6-0; Alameda Kennels' Lilac a bye"
Black Coon withdrawn; J. F Roeer^s Glaucus
beat t. Jolley-s Little May. 14-6;T MortarUj"s
Kittleman a bye. Peerless withdrawn! MNea
lon's Fred Freedom a bye Lady Flyer with
drowr.: W. Jacobson's Articulate beat MFal
bey's Home Rule. 6-4- L S Barrel r^,?
Roy beat J. B Badf, Lovlna 4-2 * B °° &le
Second round— J. C. Heenan beat Master Blr
Fourth round — Hawker bent t r* t,
"nicK 10 "^ be * t H^ard" E" 2 HeeMn '
course-Booa'l* Boy beat Hawker
fen™"" the field the fi^eit he P Sd
He met A. X. Curtis" Rector, favorite
for the stake, In the deciding course. At
the tlrtt attempt the dogs ran an "unde
cided" course, each scoring three points.
Hector led by two lengths, but the hare
broke toward Sacramento Boy, favoring
him. The score was 3 to 2. The dogs were
sent back to the slips at once.
At the second trial Rector led a?aui,
and again the hare favored the Boy. This
time the hare wa« a traveler and the dogs
ran for two minutes. Once in possession
of the game Sacramento Boy proved too
clever for the Curtis crack, winning ulti
mately by a score of 14 to 8.
K15pper James Grace distinguished him
se\l by sax-ing the life of a great hare.
He caught it up from the Jaws of the
fast tiring dogs and tossed it over the
fence. Before the greyhounds quite un
derstood what had happened their han
dlers were leading them away to the Ken-
Before the final course Sacramento Boy
had 197 seconds' running to 129 for Kec
tor. In his first course Sacramento Boy
ran unsighted and it had to be run a sec
ond time. - '¦¦ ¦¦¦ •¦*_ ., _ .
The open stake was won by Boodle iioy.
He defeated Hawker In the deciding
course. The detailed results, with Judge
John Grace's official scores, follow:
Special stake— Sterl & Knowles' Freeze Out
beat C IMckard's Bright Gold. S-3; AOameda
Kennels' A. J. Martin beat Pasha Kennils
Rocker C-^: A. R. Curtis' Rector beat E.
Oar>-"s America. 5-0; Chiarini Bros. Santo
nin beat A R. Curtis' King Cotton. *-2; J. L.
Ross* Game Boy beat H. H. Gray's Rona. 6-1;
O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat A. R. Curtis Fly-
Ing Fox 6-5; J. L. Koss' Fontenoy beat E.
Grary's Bonnie Pasha. 11-5; A. R. Curtis \\ ar
Eaple beat E Geary's Fenii; 9-3; A. R. Cur
tis' Anchor a bye Rural Artist withdrawn:
T J Cronin's Vandal beat Chiarini .. Bros.*
"White Hat 5-0; J L.- Ross' Mayflower beat E.
Geary's Fair Oaks. 5-3; Alameda Kennels"Mel
rose Lad beat A. R. Curtis' Old Ironsides. 16-8:
T. J. Cronln's Tralee Boy beat Sterl & Knowles
gleety Mist 7-2; D. Walsh's Sacramento Boy
beat Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers. 12-2; P.
Mu'.larky's Mamie Pleasant beat Pasha Ken
nels' Royal Archer, ll-».
Second round — A. J. Martin beat Freeze Out,
5-0: Rector beat Santonin. 6-2; Homer Boy
beat Game Boy. *-0; War Earle beat Fontenoy,
4-2; Vendal beat Anchor. 4-2; Mayflower a
bye. Melrose Lad withdrawn; Sacramento Boy
beat Tralee Boy. 14-5; Mamie Pleasant a bye.
D. Walsh's greyhound Sacramento Boy
followed uy his victory of last week by
defeating a great field of degs yesterday
at Union Park. In tbe special stake.
From Hawker at Union
Park.
Boodle Boy Wins Handily
Defeats Rector After
Being Led to the
Hare.
SACRAMENTO BOY
A GAME HOUND
6
1 , Yards ,
COXTESTA-NTS. 200. | 300. I 500.
Captain E. Hunt 19 19 16
Lieutenant Peterson 13 1(5 i
Sergeant S. King 22 14 18
Sergeant C. Crone 11 0 0
Corporal A. Gray 23 17 16.
Corporal L. Francis 20 11 4
Corporal C. Orion 10 14 9
Musician Herman 6 17 9
A. Zelner 10 14 0
Z. Woodward 17 18 23
X. Axtell 10 0 0
H. Kllnkner 19 7 6
W. Gray 10 8 0
P. Gilman 25 23 22-
C. Smith. v 13 14 . 24
G
>l
Delicacy.
da *S t>8 »fl- * "*!
CONTESTANT. • - SH ci* r" « S*
F. H. Reed 85 92 03.8 85.10 89.0~ 72.8
F. ' M. Halght... 70 8tt.S 91.8 77.8 84.7 ..
H. F. Muller.... 82 91.4 88.4 92.6 89.5 ..
J. B..Kennlff 119 90.4 92.4(33.4 92.10 ..
E. A. Mocker... 97 85.8 02 Stt.8 S9.4 68. 8
A. M. Blade 70 7B.8 88.4|76.8 82. B ..
C. F. Grant.... 96 79.8 92.8|83.4 88 73.2
C. Huyck 87 91.8 86.8 81.8 84.2 ..
H. Battu 80 87.801 81.8 S6.4 74.5
Dlnkelspiel 80 92.4|78 B9.2 73.2 ..
Everett 110 - 01.4188.8 86.8 87.8 ..
F. E. Daverkosen 83 93 194.8 81. 8 88.2
W. D. Manafleld. ... 94.8 03 81.8 87.4 93.4
C. G. Young 92.4|92.885 88.10 ..
T. Ii. '; Kierulft. . 72 82. 8189. 4 81.8 85.6 ..
W. E. Brooks... 97 93.4180.8 82.6 86.1 ..
T. W. Brotherton 103 93.8 05 85 . 90 88.2
H. C. Golcher.. 100 87.4 93.4 S4. 2 S8.9 ..
K. Charles 71 87.8 83.8 74.2 78. 11 ..
\V. J. Kierulff..: 78 91.4 81.4 76.8 79 ..
Lawrence: .. .. 91.8 78.4 85
S. A. Heller 76 90.8 86.8 S6. 8 S6.8 64.0
R. Isenbruck ... 70
1 , Yards ,
COXTESTA-NTS. 200. | 300. I 500.
Captain E. Hunt 19 19 16
Lieutenant Peterson 13 1(5 i
Sergeant S. King 22 14 18
Sergeant C. Crone 11 0 0
Corporal A. Gray 23 17 16.
Corporal L. Francis 20 11 4
Corporal C. Orion 10 14 9
Musician Herman 6 17 9
A. Zelner 10 14 0
Z. Woodward 17 18 23
X. Axtell 10 0 0
H. Kllnkner 19 7 6
W. Gray 10 8 0
P. Gilman 25 23 22-
C. Smith. v 13 14 . 24
G
>l
Delicacy.
da *S t>8 »fl- * "*!
CONTESTANT. • - SH ci* r" « S*
F. H. Reed 85 92 03.8 85.10 89.0~ 72.8
F. ' M. Halght... 70 8tt.S 91.8 77.8 84.7 ..
H. F. Muller.... 82 91.4 88.4 92.6 89.5 ..
J. B..Kennlff 119 90.4 92.4(33.4 92.10 ..
E. A. Mocker... 97 85.8 02 Stt.8 S9.4 68. 8
A. M. Blade 70 7B.8 88.4|76.8 82. B ..
C. F. Grant.... 96 79.8 92.8|83.4 88 73.2
C. Huyck 87 91.8 86.8 81.8 84.2 ..
H. Battu 80 87.801 81.8 S6.4 74.5
Dlnkelspiel 80 92.4|78 B9.2 73.2 ..
Everett 110 - 01.4188.8 86.8 87.8 ..
F. E. Daverkosen 83 93 194.8 81. 8 88.2
W. D. Manafleld. ... 94.8 03 81.8 87.4 93.4
C. G. Young 92.4|92.885 88.10 ..
T. Ii. '; Kierulft. . 72 82. 8189. 4 81.8 85.6 ..
W. E. Brooks... 97 93.4180.8 82.6 86.1 ..
T. W. Brotherton 103 93.8 05 85 . 90 88.2
H. C. Golcher.. 100 87.4 93.4 S4. 2 S8.9 ..
K. Charles 71 87.8 83.8 74.2 78. 11 ..
\V. J. Kierulff..: 78 91.4 81.4 76.8 79 ..
Lawrence: .. .. 91.8 78.4 85
S. A. Heller 76 90.8 86.8 S6. 8 S6.8 64.0
R. Isenbruck ... 70
ADVERTISEMENTS.
a BECT NATUBAL LAXATIVE WATEg. '.
| No medicine in the -world
i can relieve you of constlpa-
\ tion and all disorders of the
r Stomach and Liver like
Hunyadi Janos
I One-half glass taken on aris-
1 ins in the morning: will give
such satisfying: results that
v you will takd no other reni-
\ edy and be convinced that
it will cure all forms of I
¦ Be sure sad GET S
Hunyadi Janos I
If yon simply aak for H
Hunyadi water you may be M
t imposed upon. y
I" DON'T BE PERSUADED i
TO BUY SIBSTITIJTES. vB
THEr ARE WORTHLESS AND OFTEN HARMfLL. I
mj[\£pA Diseases
\$i Cored
ailment pe-
L cullar to men. I :
jV »ot merely r«-
a Here temporarily.
\ I k >v tost cure soundly
< /W I yi\ V s an * permanently.
/ W^JL-^rt« \ \ " y "ne<lt>*led tac-
/ N( |n N V ««•• to cnrln* U
' 1 l Jr I i~^ due to the original,
* fK^J dlstlnctlre a n d
""* . ' thoroughly sclen-
O. C. Joslen, M. O. tlflc methods I em-
ploy.
Weakness.
Functional weakness in men U In reality
a eomparatlrely simple aliment, and is but a
symptom of local disorder, usually a state of
chronic Inflammation In the prostate gland.
No stimulating: treatment, whether Internal !
or locally applied, can do more than excite
temporary aetltlty. By my system of lo-
cal treatment I restore absolutely normal
conditions throughout the organs InfolTea,
which promptly results In complete and per-
manent restoration of strength and Tlgot.*
This treatment la original with me. and ls
the only radical and certain cure yet derlsea.
My pamphlet. "Ltre all your T«»r» a
man," will be mailed free npon request. Con-
tultatlon free at office er by mail.
DR. 0. C. JOSLEN,
1040 Market Street, •
' Diagonally opposite Hlbernia/Bank.
hUKY'H PACIFIC COAST RAiLROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry
¦• Commencins September 20, 1001.
I FROM SAN FRANCISCO a TO MU. L VALLET
EXTRA TRIPS— For MU1 Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Saturday*
at 9-30 and W'AQ P- in. . '
SUNDAY-'8:C0. nOiOO. -ll^O a. m.. 1:i\
"•15 *4-4S «- 3 °. 9:S0 P- m.
'Trains marked »•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
*WEEK DAYS- *5^o 6:27. 7:45. 8:35. 10:13
am •12:25. 2:15. *.J:33.- 4:40, »:3O p. m. ¦
EXTRA TRIPS-on Mondays. Wednesdays
Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
S a sUNDAYS-6:15. .'SrOO. .IOiOOl" •11:45 a. m..
•1-40 *3:15. 4:45 « * e:3 ° P- m -
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentin
FROM MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 0:43, 7:55. 8:55. 10:au
a m-. 12:35. 2:45. i:50. 5:10 p. m. . .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — S:05, 10:05 a." m., 1U:O5, 2:1S.
3:30, 5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIXS.
6:55 a. ro- w eek days-r-Cazadero and way
stations,
1:45 p. m. . Saturdays — Duncan -Mills and way
stations. - • ¦
8. Co a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. P l *M)£taBf"SlBSt>V9BH^NMtxnf£Gr.j
Legal - Holiday toata and trains will run on
Sunday time. /While Mounted Police Officer William
King was endeavoring to drive Louis
Mateslo, a laundryman, from Chenery
street to the Seventeenth-street police
station, the buggy, in which the officer
had his prisoner was overturned, at tho
corner ol Thirtieth street, and both were
thrown out." Matcslo escaped unhurt: Of-
Jicer King received a severe wound of the
Fcalp and a contusion of the left hip,- but
landed his prisoner at the station and
charged him with being drunk. . King then
went to the Railroad Hospital, where his
Injuries were dressed.
Officer and Prisoner Thrown Out.
MEXICO CITY, March, 16.-AH. accident
to ..General'lMena,'- (MlniBter of * Public
¦Works'. Is -'likely', to confine' him 1 'to."hh'
room '.for "¦ some wetiks. ..; He ,. was Ccaufjnt
between^ the , fl- »•!>•* • of > an elevator at '-the
department* anrt- the > steel- cornice: of -the
gateway in such^a- manner/ as to pin him
down,! inflicting Injuries on the abdomen
and upper/part of the legs. 7;- . ; , '
Accident to? General , Mena.
; PASADENA,'March 16.— H. E. Hunting
ton,. the railroad magnate, '.¦ has purchased
a homo site about four miles south of this
city, and will erect a large residence. The
bKo is a sm&ll hlir comprising a few acres.
It Is. near the new; electric short line be
tween Pasadena and Los Angeles, now in
coursed of construction -by Huntington: ¦
}•¦'. Southern j Home for Huntington.
thereby. They learn to appreciate our
"dumb brothers" ond to treat them
I kindly and humanely. It Is not only an
•'•xecllcnt entertainment tor th«» younrc
«tcrs. but thrlr fldem ns w«Il. Perform
uw> n •v-UI !.»• Plv.n dally nt 2:15 and £:13
throughout th<» engagement, .which Is for
A limited time.
lent entertainments given by Norris &
Rowe's big trained animal shows in Me
chanics* Pavilion yesterday afternoon
and nlffht. The Juvenile population was
out in force and thoroughly enjoyed
every act given by the four-footed ani
mal actors. Thpre Js no form of amuse
ment bo attractive to the youth as that
furnlehed by Xorrls & Howe's clever ani
mals. The entertainment is firm-elans In
*\'ery particular. an<J not only amuse*
but irmtriictB. No boy or girl can witness
the Intelllernrn displayed by these mar
vcloua animal* without belnsr bencfltod
Fully 8000 people witnessed the excel-
Norris & Rowe's Show.
TACOMA, Wash.; March W.— The sensa
tional .episodo at Whlto Horse, . In conse
quence of which !R.' K. v West and Ernest
Leven, two White .'Horse bunlness men,
were nrreatod for; robbing two actresHcs
named 13argo : of- diamonds and money,
lias resulted. In tholr conviction. West
waa sentenced to throo months and Loven
to ono month In Jail. . As soon as arrested
they told the police where' the grip and
jewel case belonging to the Barge, sisters
were. hid. The actresses wore en rout©
to Dawson.. At Whlto .Horso West and
Leven took'them outto dinner. On their
return;, their grip and Jewel case - were
missing. . . , ' • ..
Diamond Thieves Aro Convicted.
Prince Henry has held all positions in
the German navy -up to that of admiral.
The only possible higher command is that
of the double squadron maneuvers, which
have hitherto . been conducted under a
general inspector of the navy. It Is ex
pected that; Prince Henry will be In com
mand of. the double squadron manouvers
next year.
Emperor William has ordered the bat
tloships Wuertemburg and Baden to ap
pear before Cuxhaven next Tuesday to
welcome Prince Henry upon h!» return to
Germany on board th« Hamburg-Ameri
can'steamship Deutschland. While the
oftlclnl programme of Prlnco lieryy's re
ception ha» not yet, been published, tho
newspapora; any. that Kmpcror William
will receive his brother on shore at Cux
haven. ¦¦• .¦¦ - : ; ¦ ,
BERLIN, March 16.— Admiral Prince
Henry of Prussia; after completing the
fleet maneuvers during the coming sum
mer will resign the command of the first
squadron, which he has held for two
years. s ! ')
PRINCE HENRY TO RESIGN
j COMMAND-OP THE SQUADRON
Mr, Hcrrick had MufTercd from Ill-health
for a long time, but ho had been at his
business almost constantly' until last
Wednesday, when his condition became
serious. Stricken suddenly with alarm
ing symptoms, the patient did not rally
and the end came after only four <layH !
confinement to his bed. Dr. A. Lllien
crantz attended tho, sick man, but could
offer no hope for Mr. Herrick's recovery
A complication of organic troubles was
the cause of death.
OAKLAND, March 16.— Edward MV Ilc'r
rlck, president of the Faciflo Pino Com
pany of San Francisco, and ono of tho
most prominent lumber dealers of tho
Pacific Coant, dlfcd this afternoon at hl«
residence, 2081 Webster street. '
Head of Pine Trade of
the Coast.'
Prominent Lumber Dealer, for Years
EDWARD M. HERRICK DIES
AT HIS OAKLAND HOME
DENVER, March 16.— Broadway Thea
ter was packed this afternoon by Catho
lics and Protestants in response to a call
for a mass meeting issued by Bishop
Nicholas C. Matz of the Catholic church
to discuss means of providing for tho
200 children who were inmates of St
Vincent's Orphanage, destroyed by fire
yesterday. It was decided to rebuild the
orphanago at once and In the meantime
provide tho sisters with money and quar
ters for the homeless little ones. A com
mittee of twelve of the wealthiest men
of the city was appointed to raise funds.
Orphans Rendered Homeless
by Fire.
Citizens of Denver Will Care for the
ST. VINCENT'S ORPHANAGE
TO BE SPEEDILY REBUILT
Geronimo Wants His Freedom.
FORT SILL, O. T.. March 16.—Geron
!mo, the Apache chief, has petitioned
the authorities .at Washington to
be released from captivity. For the last
fourteen years Geronimo has been a mil
itary prisoner at Fort Sill. General Frank
Armstrong of tho regular army haa rec
ommended'that he be paroled and made
a citizen. With Geronimo are 293
Apaches.
Samuel Simmons Jr. is no loneer chair
man of the executive committee of the
Union Labor party. At a meeting of the
committee held yeEterday afternoon he
tendered his resignation voluntarily. The
resignation was immediately accepted and
A- H. Ewell of the International Steam
Engineers' Union . was unanimously
elected to fill the %-acancy.
Atifle from Simmons' resignation, the
meeting was signalized by the grilling of
G. F. Aubertine, who was associated with
Simmons in the attack made -upon Mayor
Schmitz and Commissioner Parry. Auber
tine was hotly criticized by P. Duffy for
UKing the names cf the members of the
committee without their sanction or con
sent. Secretary Aubertine stood his
gruelling without a murmur and made no
attempt to explain or defend his attack on
the party leaders.
The committee will meet acaln on next
Wednesday nijrht, when preparations will
be completed for holding the grand ball
which 1b to be given by the committee on
March 23.
Man Who Attacked Mayor's Policy
Resigns His Position on Labor
Party Committee.
SIMMONS SURRENDERS
THE CHAIRMANSHIP
• : The . . longshoremen are most bitter
toward the Metropolitan Steamship line,
which will take back only a small num
ber, of the old men, arid the Clyde line,
which will not discharge the men already
employed to make places for the old
hands. The strikers also i refuse to go
back to the Merchants' and Miners' line
and work with non-union men and sub
mit to a reduction of 6 cents per hour In
their * wages.
'They held a stormy meeting to-night.
President Ryan of the Longshoremen's"
Union stated after the 1 meeting that un
less matters are adjusted soon they were
prepared to tie up the business of the
companies all along the seaboard.
The situation is bo strained to-night that
D. J. O'Keefe. president of iue National
Longshoremen's Union, who is now in
Cleveland, has been asked to come to
Boston and endeavor to adjust the
trouble.
BOSTON, March 16.— Although yester
day's conferences cleared the atmosphere
of so . many of the perplexing questions
arising out of the great industrial strike
and apparently rendered a peaceful ter
mination certain, to-night there are
clouds on the horizon.' Practically all the
strikers, outside of the longshoremen and
team drivers, are satisfied with the pres
ent outlook for a settlement so far as
their organizations are concerned, but
those two classes of workmen have griev
ances which seem to baffle all attempts at
a compromise.
Not Satisfied With the Terms
. - Offered. -
Longshoremen and Team Drivers Are
BIG STKIKE IN BOSTON
IS FAR TROM SETTLEMENT
The leading articles of export was raw
silk, which amounted in value to 24,000,000
yen last year, and the next was the
habutai silk,' valued at 23,000,000 yen. Then
came cotton yarns, 21.000,000 yen, and cop
per, 13,000,000 yen. . Such a large volume
of export* business, especially' of raw silk,
as attained last year, has no parallel in
the history of Japan's foreign trade. >
.While the export trade is continually
expanding the import trade has a slight
tendency to recede, as, shown by the fol
lowing table: .; (
Year — Imports.
1001 : '^SS.SIU.OOO yen
l»00 , ¦.........; .287,2(11,000 yen
1809 .220,401,000 yen
1SU8 . . . .'. , .', . ..... . V. .277,002,000 yen
l«07 210,300,000 ye«
Notwithstanding the fact that there was
a speculative - Importation of certain
classes of goods, to tho amount of about
10,000,000 yen, during the last year on ac
count of the enforcement of the now tar
iff, the total value of imports was lean
than tho preceding year. The continued
exceus of Imports over: exports 'has been
caused by the excenslvo importation of
articles for temporary ubo. The principal
articles brought In during lust year were
cotton to tho value of 16,000,000 yen; sugar.
35,000,000 ¦ yen: petroleum, 40,000,000 yon;
machinery, 10,000,000 yen, and rico, I0,0w,ouo
yen.
| Jn short tlio fordKn trado;of Jupiin'for
the lnnt yeur showed nn extraordinary
large figure* in export trado.'ltH total vuluo
exceeding the- previous year by ,4,0oo,0w
yen, whllo its Imports were 31,000,000 yon
len« than the preceding year. ¦„,: ¦ • !
The report on railway department shown
that Hlnco tho Government constructed Its
first lino of eighteen miles from Yoko
hama to Toklo. In 3872, the grcut trunk
lino of 1200 miles has been built und the
total mileage in the country lncr«nscd' to
4105, which in 1300 handled 113,000,000 pan
sengera and 14,000,000 tons of freight. ¦ Of
the total. mlleago 29C1 miles aro owned by
private .corporations. , . »
According to tho 'reports made on the
railways at tho end of ; the year 1909 the
gross earnings of both state and private
railways, for. that year .was 44,934,394 yen
the gross expenditure 20,732,764 yen and the
net .profit -24,200,130 yen. .
At the ; end of ,1901 the state had 1017
miles of new.llnc under i construction and
the private had 817 miles pro
jected, so -the Increase of this and the
succeeding year, wlll.be large. . ¦ •..,.-
The following table shows the stoady
Increase of exports during the last five
years:
Year — ' ¦ ' . Exports.
1001 .- > 252,340,000 yen,
l'JOO .204,420,000 yen
18'JO .214,920,000 yen
1808 ,, .165,75:5.000 yen
1897 103,135,000 yen
Although it Is a fact that the economic
condition of the empire during the last
few years has been much disturbed by
tightness of the money market, advance
in Interest and crisis in financial circles,
the foielgn commerce of tne country, has
made rapid progress.
The foreign trade of Japan for last year
has shown the largest figures on record,
the total amount of exports and imports
having exceeded 500,000,000 yen in value.
Following are the comparative statistics
for the last five years:
Total Imports Excess of exports
Year — * and exports. over Imports.
1001 ....50S.165.000 yen 3,467,000 yen.
1U0O Ml.UOO.OOO yen 82,831,000 yen
189» .; ..453,330,000 yen 5,452,000 yen
1838 ' 443,255,000 yen 111,748,000 yen
1SI>7 382,430,000 yen B«, 1(53,000 yen.
NEW YORK, March 16.-S.f;Uchida,
Consul General for Japan at' New; York;
has received reports from Tokio dealing
with the foreign trade of hia country for
last year and the development of its rail
ways. The reports showed that -in both
fields there had been substantial gains
over previous years. ,
This occasion, sad as It is, would be immi
nently more sad If we were ¦ commlttlny to
the earth all that there was of our departed
friend. -But 'the better part of him whom
we knew as Altsreld survlvea the jrrave. As
the bird, escaping from lta cage, enters a large
world, so the influence ..' of the deceased ¦ Is
broadened rather than narrowed by his death
Ha ban srored how great are the possibilities
under our institutions. Born in another land
he has demonstrated what one can do. unaided
If he has ideals and a purpose; . - "
At the : grave where several thousand
people had assembled . Mr. Ryan paid the
following tribute to Altgeld:
Along, the. line of march, which extended
from, the,, library to Lincoln Park, the
streets were crowded by men, women and
children in whose; hearts Altgeld had
found a place. The funeral procession
was headed by a platoon of police. I There
were five divisions. The family, Governor
Yates and his staff, members of the Legis
lature, the Cook County Judiciary, mem
bers of the County Board, city and county
officials made up the first. .
The second division was made up of
the United Turner Societies, the third a
number of political bodies, while organiz
ed labor bodies formed the fourth.- The
fifth division was composed of civic and
fraternal societies, Boer sympathizers, the
Altgeld Legion, Henry George Associa
tion and hundreds of citizens. William J
Bryan served as one of the honorary pall
bearers. . ,
Large : Funeral ..Procession Escorts
Body to Last Resting Place in
.-«, ,.*^.l,"k GracelaiidCemelery. "
j ( CHICAGO, March' ', 16. —Representatives
of. all classes of. people Joined to-day in
a' final tribute of respect to ex-Governor
John P/Altgeld, who was buried in Grace
land Cemetery. In. accordance with the
wishes of Mrs. 'Altgreld there was no mili
tary display. For two hours in the morn-
Ing," before the casket was sealed, a steady
stream of people viewed the body as it
lay in state. . ¦'
NO MILITARY DISPLAY
AT ALTGELD FUNERAL
ST. LOUIS, March 16.— In a wreck In the
East St. Louis yards to-day Mitchell Har
rison of Philadelphia, millionaire and rep
resentative of J. P. Morgan; Dr. Cornell,
Harrison's physician, and the valet of the
millionaire were injured. After treatment
at the St. Louis Baptist Hospital they
were able to leave the city.
Harrison was on his way . to Atlanta
Ga.. in his private car. The train ran
into a freight in an open switch. Harri
son's valet had three ribs broken.
Every possible effort was made to sup
press the news of the accident, and it was
impossible to learn the names of two men
who were in Harrison's party, In addition
to himself and Dr. Cornell. None of the
other pasengers on "the train were injured
Philadelphia, and His Family-
Physician Are Injured.
Mitchell Harrison, a Millionaire of
OPEN SWITCH CAUSES
A SERIOUS COLLISION
CHICAGO, March' 16.— If a Chicago
man's discovery is what he claims for it
there will come a time when there will
be nothing but Havana tobacco In the
market. At present his process la se
cret and only a few. close friends know
he possesses it. _ -' .
"Jf'or some time bacteriologists have
known that the delicate flavor of Havana
tobacco was due to certain bacillus,"
said Secretary Prltchard of the Health
Department, "but nobody thought of
cultivating it and applying it to Ameri
can-grown tobacco. The idea struck a
Chicago man a year or two ago, and he
began experimenting. He finally dis
covered a means of growing the bacillus
and is now cultivating it on a large
scale. He takes the best grades of Amer
ican tobacco and covers the leafs with
the cultured microbes. The result is said
to be a production of tobacco as finely
flavored as the best imported Havana.
He is making cigars of the improved to
bacco and selllng.them as Havana Impor
tations."
Pritchard declined to give the name of
the discoverer of the new process.
the American Product an Ha
vana Finish. ¦
Chicago Man Finds a Way to Give
FLAVORS TOBACCO LEAP
WITH BACILLUS CtfLTUBES
The n*v. Dr. Isidore Myers delivered
another cf his Bunday special discourses
at the Bush'Blrect Synagogue last even
ing before a large congregation.
The subject chosen by the doctor was
"The Turkish Messiah," In which tho life
and character of Shabattal Zevi, who was
born in Smyrna, was vividly portrayed.
Shabattai was profound in the teachings
of the Kabbalah and his magnetism and
esthetic life attracted many followers,
who reread his fame far and wide. It
tias a period of Messianic prophecies and
the people were expecting the millen
nium and the restoration of the Jews to
PaJestine, which it was said would occur
in -Hie .year; J6G6. Rbabattai. though averse
td married 4ife, ultimately wedded a beau
tiful Polish maiden, and she, with the aid
of her beauty and her rare charms, won
- for Shabattai many followers and in
turn he made some kings. He repaired to
Constantinople, where he was arrested as
a rebel and to save himself and his wife
embraced the faith of Mahomet.
Graphically and with great power the
doctor pictured the fanaticism of the
period In which Shabattai held sway. He
told of the excesses, of the length the
people went who believed fn his power of
the dread persecution which was threat
ened him and cf his being cast into
prison, when, even then, there were those
who believed in him. despite the fact that
he became a proselyte
TRADE OF JAPAN
GROWS RAPIDLY
'cy.^ JXON, March v 10.— John Oftdfles
II \V Urlnokorhoff, ona of tha prom*
j ] I inmii ploneern of California* died
I JJ last nteht.
Ilo was born In Albany, N. Y.,
.February 39, 3827. Ten years later ha
he moved with Ills parents to Will Coun
ty, III., and lived there until the jprlng
of iKf.it, when he traveled across the'plulnu
to California.
'Tho placer diggings attracted his atten
tion, and ha spent two years searching for
gold. Then h© became a farmer, In tha
HulBun Valley. In I860 he bought land
near IJatnvla. During the next year he
visited Illinois and was married to Miss
Jtuby Ami Col well at Jollet, 111., February
27, 1857.
In April of the same year Brlnckerhoff
returned' by steamer to California, his
parents accompanying him.. Early In 1858
lie settled at this place and continued to
live hero until his death. . . 1
Three children survive the pioneer. They
tire Mrs. Georgia A. Martin, Mrs. Alice
E. Harkinson and Mrs. Ida M. Trafton.
During and since the Spanish wax
2,639,520 pages of Christian literature In
the Spanish language have been distrib
uted in our Island possessions, and else
where in Spanish-speaking countries 5,660,
925, making a total of 8,300,445 pages in
the Spanish language, and 10,113,975 pages
have been given to the army and navy
during the same period. The distribu
tion of Christian literature in the Mor
mon homes by means of colporter wagon
and colporters for the purpose of reach
ing . the children and youth have been
very successful. The demands for the
society's publications and -for additional
colporters are constantly increasing. Its
resources, therefore, are taxed to the ut
most and an earnest appeal is made for
funds. ¦ ,
Dr. Smith dwelt on the splendid work
the society Is doing among the Mormons,
Immigrants and In our island possessions,
as well as Us general lines 'of service
for the salvation of souls. The secretary
stated. that thlrty«e»ven new publications
had been added during the year, twenty
In Knglish, the others In German, Span
ish, Italian and Dutch. The number of
periodicals circulated during the past
twelve* months was 2,623,400.
1 Four hundred and elehtly-seven thou
sand Immigrants landed on our shored
during 1901, and the tract society having
published the Gospel Truth in 153 lan
guagea or dialects, Is prepared to reach
this vast number.
WABHINOTQN, March ld.-The Wain-
Ington annual meeting of the American
Tract Society was held this afternoon Jn
hi. John's Protestant Episcopal Church.
The llev/Judson Swift, field secretary nt
New York, presented a brief report of the
seeretary'i work, and the Right Rever
end Alexander Maekay Smith, D. D.,
preached the sermon.
teresting Report At the An
nual Meeting
Field Secretary fiwif t Freicnta All In-
AMERICAN TRACT SOCIETY
IB DOING SPLENDID WOItK
JOHN QKDbES nniNCKER.
IIOFF. WHO DIED NEAR
DIXON. (Photo by Duller,)
Golden* Lion was the smaller of two
beautiful Mi. li.'iiinnl dogs owned by Mr.
Newman and was valued iti several thou
sand dollars, • The other dog Is named
Admiral Dowey and the two attracted m»
tcntlon wherever they wont.
• Golden Lion won twenty-seven prises In
bench Dhows, it weighed 176 pounds and
was twelve years old.
Mr. Newman says the dog had i»nu 111
for several months with what iipnpiireri
to bo paralysis. Once, whlla walking with
ltd owner, the (tog f>H In a faint. This
was repented one any last week and It Is
thought tho third uttaelt carried oft thu
animal,
Charles Newman's splendid, St. Bernard
dog, Golden Lion, died enrly 'yesterday »t
Its master's home, 424 Post street, from
what Is bulleved to have been an attack
of heart disease. The animal, which wum
hltfhly vuiiii'ii by its owner, wiih seen
about the housa at 8 o'clock by the Ohl
nesa servunt, who did not notlca anything
wrong with him. Tha Hervant went about
his duties and hnvlng occasion to go to
tha yiini Kiuv « luiiimi u\an lying stretched
In death n tow feet from his kennel
One of the Noted Dogs of the
City.
Splendid Specimen of tho Breed Waa
ST. BERNARD, GOLDEN LION, (
DIES FROM HEART DISEASE
¦ I regretted to notice In most of the American
papers which I received In Madrid statements
to thu effect that the young King was. physi
cally and mentally unfit . to assume the reins
o( , Government, That I* not true. He him
been admirably brought up by a most devoted
mother and I »ea no reason why he should not
ralgn with honor to himself and to hi* ooun>
try. Ho has grown very rn«t ami In now a nun
looking lad, He takes a keen Interest In mill*
lury affair* and shows to great advantage when
Iim appears mounted at a review of the troop*,
VVlmt ehangeN are likely to take place In the
Cuiiiii.,1 i inn not prepared to predict, it
wpuiii i not |ia BurprlPin* if the Queen moth«r
wtmulii continue to exeroliia a Htrontr Infiuonna
over her »8n, as thelp relation" have always
be<m of the moNtgrfeoUonate eharauter,
Speaking of the King'i aeoesiien, Star
rer phI.1:
There will be no fartnM eerenatlen, ar the
King of Mpttln it* gmipeBwi to be barn erewne'i,
He will merely take Him oath to preserve the
conmiluUen hih1 there will be the euaiomary
ceremonies. It was, In faet, a question up w
the last moment. whether tW ret>f*nentatlvei
of.-friMgn Hovprnments should be upeelally In
vited to witness the Recension. Only the night
before 1 left Madrid tha Minister* d State &r,
n-snally nfdrmed me ¦ that the King would h*
£ daned to have a representative ef the United'
oestitnatpd J. L. M. Curry to attend us our
representative. There was a peculiar appro'
prlatpneM In the i-electlon of Curry,' a« he was
ww bor n n! tef ftt ¥ ttdl - ld when -the young «Tn«
Storrer leaves for Washington to-mor
row to call upon the President.
r NEW YORK, March , 16. — Bellamy
Storrer, United States Minister to' Spain;
arrived to-day on the American line
steamship St> Louis from Southampton.
Storrer was /surprised to learn that a
rumor had • been circulated \ that he had
been recalled from his' post, and emphat
ically denied that there was the slightest
foundation for such a report. 'Said tie:
I have 'no idea how such a rumor could have
been started.; I have simply come home on
leave -of absence : for ninety days because ai
this time there ia.no urgency for W presena
in Madrid. It is, not true that there ha* been
a hitch in the negotiations of the treaty with
Spain and on the contrary they have progressed
most favorably and thsre Is absolutely no ob
stacle ! in i view to the successful accomplish
ment of the treaty. , I may say, Indeed, that
the most important provisions or the t« al y
have already been fully agreed upon. So far
as the question of. the rights of Spanish prop
erty owners in Porto Klco Is concerned, the
Government at Madrid Is fully satisfied. The
negotiations of the treaty have been some
what prolonged, .not on account of any re
luctance on the part of the Spanish . Govern
ment, but merely because every condition ana
I may say every phrase in the document must
first be presented to the council of state lax
review and approval. . . . • .
Owing to the approaching accession of the
youn* King the late Ministry of , Sagasta was
In effect simply a provisional one, and as thu
final ratification had to be left to the new
Ministry an opportunity was afforded me to
apply for a short leave of absence. I expect
to return to my post early In June. My rela
tions with the Spanish Government and .with
ofllclals of all classes have, been of the most
pleasant character, and - on all . hands I have
boen the recipient of the moat oourteous comld.
f ration. V '.-,'
Michael Bolan wiih one of the Americans
whose Imprisonment was alleged to have
been illegal ami an outrage.
Certain American citizens here have
signed and forwarded a statement to the
Secretary of State at Washington in
which M. de Leon, the American Consul
at Guayaquil,' Is complimented on his
stand In the matter of the recent alleged
Impositions upon American contractors in
Ecuador on the part of the Ecuadorean
officials.
GUAYAQUIL. Ecuador, March . 16.—
News has been received here by
telegraph that a man named Ken
neay had been locked up in ' the
jail at Alausi, the same « place
where Michael Bolan of Springfield. Ohio,
was formerly imprisoned. Kennedy is not
an employe of the Guayaquil and Quinto
Railroad, but an Englishman trading le
gally In I Alausi. He appears to be well
connected. It. Is believed here" that as a
result of Kennedy's imprisonment the
British Government will have to consider
the matter of affording ' protection to
British subjects in Ecuador.
The cruiser Philadelphia came to Guay
aquil to make an investigation of the alle
gations that American citizens had been
ill-treated in Ecuador. The Philadelphia
left the mouth of the river to-day. She
takes with her an American citizen named
Leonard Selzer, from Minnesota, who has
been in jail here without trial since July
10 last, on the charge of murder. As a
result of i efforts made in Selzer's behalf
before Consul de Leon, It was learned
that no evidence exists upon which he
could be condemned. He was therefore
released. Selzer was formerly a carpenter
in the United States navy.
De Leon will leave here for New York
next week. '
The college is located at Bryn Mawr,
about ten miles from this city. The fire
was caused by the upsetting of a lamp
in the room of one of the students. " It
got beyond. the control of the local fire
men and fire companies were sent from
Philadelphia.
The burned building was known as
Denbigi Hall and had accommodations for
200 students. The fire started on the sec
ond floor in the western end of the struc
ture. When the fire was discovered by
the young woman in whose apartment
the lamp was overturned, she immediate
ly rang the fire alarm and started to fight
the. flames. The alarm aroused all the
young women In the building, most of
whom were asleep, and when it was seen
that the flames were getting beyond their
control, they made their exit. Those who
occupied the first and second floors man
aged to save some of their effects, but
those occupying .the third* floor Baved
nothing. Denbig Hall was erected In 1890
at a cost of $190,000. ljoss on contents,
not including the personal effects of stu
dents, $35,000.
PHILADELPHIA, March 16.-One of
the dormitory buildings of Bryn Mawr
College, an institution for the higher edu
cation of young ladies, was burned to
night. No one was injured.
INTERESTS BIG
CONGREGATION
About 2 o'clock yesterday morning a
mob of highbinders who had been attend
ing a banquet became involved in a quar
rel at the corner of Ross alley and Wash
ing-ton etreet. A number of blows were
struck, and the excitement reached such
a boisterous pitch that Downey and Mey
ers rushed to the scene. It required sev
eral minutes of hard fighting to quell
the disturbance and start the members of
the mob homeward.
Downey and Meyers turned and walked
back in the direction of Jackson street.
The mob was advancing toward Washing
ton street. The officers had taken but a
lew steps when a report of a pistol and
the whizz of a bullet past their heads
brought them to a halt. Turning, they
observed that one of the men who had
participated in the battle had drawn a re
volver and was shooting in their direc
tion. Three more shots followed in quick
succession and three more bullets sped by,
Just missing them.
The officers drew their revolvers and
Ftarted after the highbinders before the
last blaze had come from the would-be
murderer's pistol. They chased the mob
through the alley, down Washington to
Dupont and from there to Clay, where
the phooter ran Into a building and wSb
lost eight of. Detective Ed Gibson was
Immediately railed into the case, and soon
had several aufsprcu under arrest.
Downey and Meyer* fulled to identify any
ona of then* aw their assailant, and they
will be released from custody.
H has been several yeura since a elmllaf
attack was mad« upon orflceru, The lunt
policeman whoso life wan placed In Jeop
ardy by highbinder bullet* wu» Officer l'Jit
Tracy, then on the Chinatown squad,
Tracy waa ehot In the leg while watching
for gun men In Sullivan alley ueverul
>ears Hgo,
j& -i « t t • • •••••••¦.........
For the first time in a. numberof years
highbinders attempted to take the lives of
peace guardians early yesterday morn
ing. Special Policemen George Downey
and Charles Meyers were fired upon in
Ross alley, and had it not been for the
Intoxicated condition and poor marksman
ehip of the Mongolians one or both of the
white men might now be occupying space
in the Morsue.
At Fischer's Theater to-night "Little
Christopher," n successful munical bur
le«qu«», that had a long run In London and
the East, will be Riven here for tho first
time. There are forty musical numbers
and a liost of specialties, all new to the
San Francisco stage. Thq costumes and
scenery have been urranged expressly for
the local production.
"The Serenade" la filling the Tlvoll
nightly with larjfe crowds, though the
populur opera beglnn Its fourth week to
night. The company la most happily cast
in the opera, and It la all round ono of tho
most satisfactorily presented things tho
Tlvoll has don«. Next will coma "Tho
Fortune Teller," another comic opera suc
i-enn, in which Allen Nlelacn created" a
furor on her last viatf..
"The Bowery After Dark." with Jimmy
Britt in the leading role of the "Bowery
Boy," will be the Central Theater's at
traction this week. Mr. Britt, a well
known artist In the ring, makes his first
nppearanco on the bUirc this evening, nn
•umlng the role In which Terry McGowrn
another light of tho lightweight calendar,
made so much success last year. Chnrley
'Iteno will put on the doves with Jimmy
Britt.
* The Alcazar has an excellent thine in
the line of farce for the week's offering,
a translation from the French of Alexan
dre BlBson, "On and Off." It is the usual
v thlng, light Intrigue and amusing compli
cations,- but handled with exceptional in
genuity and sparkle. The farce has loBt
little in its translation, and Is the kind
of thing in which the Alcazar Company
is seen to best advantage.
A rural drama by a local playwright,
Mrs. Lillian Day Coleman, will probably
come next.
Melbourne McDowell will to-night begin
a starring season at the Grand Opera
house In a. Sardou repertoire, with "Cleo
patra" for the opening play. Mr. Mc-
Dowell's chief support will be Florence
Stone, who contributed so much to the
success of his last season here last year,
and who has had much additional experi
ence since then. She will be seen in the
name role, and Mr. McDowell, of course
as Marc Antony. The rest of the cast
will be in the hands of the Grand Opera
house stock company, and the scenic side
of things will, as usual, be very ade
quately handled by the Grand Opera
house management.
At the Columbia Theater to-night
Blanche Walsh will begin an engagement
limited to one week, during which time
she will appear in two fine productions
"La Madeleine" and "Janice Meredith."
She will open her engagement to-night
with Harry Dam's new emotional drama,
"La Madeleine," and will present it on
the succeeding five nights and Saturday
matinee. The actress Is said to have in
this piece a good vehicle for the display
of her emotional talents and her sup
porting company is advantageously cast
"Janice Meredith" will be presented on
Thursday afternoon at a special matinee
and on Sunday night.
Next Monday comes the big production
of Hall's Caine's play, "The Christian,"
with Edward Morgan in his original role
of John Storm. Elsie Leslie will be the
Glory Quayle of the cast.
• • •
Fanny, nice, Inimitable and clever, pre
sented a novel turn at the Orphcum last
evening. With the aid of a mlnlaturo
ptttge she gave some very clever imita
tions. Mlsa Alice Deach McComag, the
pianlet who assists her, was given a warm
welcome on her return to thia city. Les
Troubadour* Toulousians repeated the hit
they scored last week by rendering a
number of new selections. Kathleen Par
low, a child violinist, made her first ap
pearance, and waa fairly well received.
Paul Cinquevalli, the wonderful juggler,
added a number of difficult feats to his
repertoire. Thia remarkable man seems
to be able to do anything with his hands.
His comedy is pleasing. His assistant is
a clever actor, and helps materially.
Hedrix and Prescott do a fairly good
dancing turn. They have all the reels, Jig
steps and clogs at their, command and
ther go through their tarn- without a mis
take. The Silvers, illustrated song vocal
ists, were well received. Their songs are
new and their Illustrations abound in
color and feeling. The Six Blackbirds
gave a new version of "The Golf Links,"
and their act went with greater vim. The
three Dancing Dawsons open the pro
gramme. The biograph has a number of
good pictures.
in spite of its gruesome ending, "Na
than Hale," presented last night at the
California Theater by Howard Kyle, is
like to prove 'popular, to Judge by its re
ception by the large audience. The au
tnor, Clyde Fitch, succeeds cleverly , in
arousing sympathy and compelling admi
ration tor his hero, whose patriotic de
voirs consist of the somewhat unplctur
esque duties of a spy, and he has woven
a taking play about tne life of trie young
schoolmaster. Fact and fiction are close
ly intermingled therein, but the large out
lines of .Haie's iile are adhered to and
tne rest la ¦ sufficiently plausible. Tne
piay shows the" usual gllD tecnnique of
the Fitch hand, tne easy invention and
neatness of bund, with tne characteristic
lack of tne serious note. The last act,
wliere Nathan Hale, condemned, is per
mitted the night beiore his death to see
his sweetheart, and the last farewell is
taken between tnem almost in silence,
is the most effective five minutes in the
play. The climax of the third act, where
Alice Adams, suddenly confronted with
Hale, denies his identity to his captors
to save his life, and her old servant, not
advised of the secret betrays him, is also
a very strong situation. The Hrst two
acts ¦are given mostly over to dainty
comedy and two charming characters
there Introduced, Mistress Knowlton and
Angelica Knowlton, are missed from the
later acts, not to their advantage. Th<s
last act. where the real rope and real
apple 'tree of the hanging and other
raiher police-gazetty realism is intro
duced, is undeniably unpleasant in spite
of the beforo-mentioned artistic faroweil
BC w ne * The play ls ver y wel1 I )U t on.
Howard Kyle la well suited m the name
part. He 1m earnest, sincere, conscien
tious and dlgnllied, though he has yet
not mastered the art of being natural.
Ha lit both self-conscious and theatric
yet, but may easily reach tho other aide
of these by virtue of hla evident con
sclenUouBnt-M, His performance, and that
of the whole company, rather bore ths
Impress of fatigue. An udmlrably a».
nunind character U that of Uuy Fiuroy,
an ICnalUh omcer, by l^edertck Weber,
end U^onse A, D. Johnson given a good
fnetcn of lieutenant Colonel Knowiton.
Th« pmnller characters are well tilled In,
Alice Adam* In prettily piity«id And with
pome power by Florence Binythe, whose
work *howa decided promise. Niutry
ltlee !¦ ft dainty little nctrt*M, and Kmlt
ryn de Harry fa very competent as Ml»
trcM Knywlton, uIho Laura Dean im the
Widow Chlohpnter.
The play wu» much enjoyed and nhould
¦<h» a good wi-rk'p business.
British Government Is Called
Upon to Protect Her
Subject.
Claims There Is No Hitch in
Treaty Negotiations With
Occupants ¦ Escape Without
;' Injury, but Many Lose
Their Effects.
Meyers Become Targets
for Bullets.
George Downey and Charles
Melbourne McDowell Opens
To-Night at the Grand
Opera-House.
Minister Storrer Says
He Can^e Home
on Leave.
Dormitory Building at
Bryn Mawr College"
Is Destroyed.
Illegal Arrest of English
: man Trading in
Highbinder Tries to Kill
Two Special Peace
Guardians.
Sustains All Promises as
Presented at the
California.
GIVERA TO LEAD
THE INSURGENTS
Succeeds General Luk
;ban, Lately Captured
by Americans.
General Chaffee Purchases
Site for an Army Post
on the Pasig River.
MANILA. March 16— Givera, the insur
gent leader, has issued a proclamation in
the island of Samar, declaring he has suc
ceeded General Lukban, who was cap
tured by the Americans, and that conse
quently all orders now standing in the
name «of Lukban are void. Givera pays
he has been compelled unwillingly to is
sue this proclamation. :; .*\;
General Chaff ee has signed an execu
tory contract for the purchase of a site
for an army post at a point seven miles
up the Pasig River. The site ts a mile
and a quarter wide by two and a half
miles long. It is bounded on one side
by the Paslg River and on the other by
the Laguna de Bay. It is on high ground
overlooking Manila. Building on this site
will .commence as soon as the purchase
has been approved by Congress.
Owing to cholera at Hongkong a quar
antine of five days will be enforced
against all vessels arriving here from
that port. - :"¦*•
PROSPECTORS FLOCKING
TO THUNDEB MOUNTAIN
Trails Are Covered With Snow and
Provisions Cannot Be Bought
at Any Price.
ELK CITY, Idaho. March 11— W. T.
Murphy and J. A. Fields have Just ar
rived here from Thunder Mountain, They
came on snowahoea and by forced
marches and made the distance In two
and a half dayu. They report four and
five feet of snow on Thunder Mountain and
say provUlons cunnot be bought for any
price. They came out for fiuppllpa anil
will return at once. On th© trail they
met mora than thirty people. Borne wero
packing, others used rawhides ami two
men wero driving dog teams, but the
dog* were ualit to be a failure. At the
Pewey mine miner" are paid 13 73 per tluy
and board, but the mine cannot keep
them an they quit and go prunp«etlng In
the deep anowH, Monumental Creek la
«taked out for twenty>t1ve miles,
LITTLE DEALING
IN THE STOCKS
LONDON. March 18,-Too many de
pressing influences were abroad last werk
to permit of much activity on the EkocU
Exchange. Money Is Ptlll scarce nn-1
there is no prospect of this scarcity being
relieved by large Government disburse
ments until after the Easter holidays.
The health of Cecil Rhodes added to the
depression . of stocks, although it is con
fidently asserted that arrangements have
been perfected to avert a serious dis
turbance in the event of his death.
The capture of General Methuen was
the most serious factor of the week from
the sentimental point of view, although
the suppression of thia news by the Gov
ernment until the concluding of the set
tlement prevented what doubtless wou;d,
have been a disastrous slump of the
market. There is no question that the
Stock Exchange is now in a healthier
condition than it has been for several
weeks past, owing to the* drastic shaking
Out of the weak bulls, but ' there is no
disposition to embark, upon fresh com
mitments at the present moment.
New issues met with scant encouraga
ment in the Exchange and Americana
were absolutely stagnant. Home raila
were dull and lower. Mines were dull at
only a slight decline on the week, but
their general range was from 10 to 15 per
cent below the high level of the early
part of the year. . ' W <
BERLIN, March 16.— The Bourse ex
perienced an exceedingly stagnant week,
excepting bank stocks, in which there
was considerable activity. The Boerse Is
still laboring under the excessive upward
movement of January and February, and
the Frankfurter Zeitung believes that
further unpleasant circumstances from
this speculation are coming and conse
quently advises buyers to remain con
servative. » ¦."
Although the iron market la Improving
and several price advances were an
nounced during the past week, irons gen
erally were several points below the week
before last. Coal shares fell heavily,
through the discharge of many employes
by the Hlbernla Company and the gener
ally unsatisfactory trade reports.
Although the abundance of money has
not abated, discounters show more dis
inclination to place funds owing to the
approaching quarter, consequently the
private rate rose to 2%.
Will Probably Bemain There Until
After the' Transfer of the
' Islands.
TJNITED STATES GUNBOAT
- MACHIAS AT ST. THOMAS
ST. THOMAS, D. W. L, March 16.— The-
United States gunboat Machlas arrived
here Saturday. It U believed that the.
Machlas came here in order that her cap
tain, Lieutenant Commander Henry Mc-
Crea, might confer with the Governor of
the Danish West Indies, Colonel Dehende
mann. The Governor being at Santa
Cruz, the Machlas will proceed to that
island Monday and then return here. It
is said the American gunboat will remain
at St. Thomas for some time, and will
probably await the transfer of the islands
to the United States. I Perfect quiet pre
vails here.
Funeral Services of Copper King.
NEW YORK. March 18.— Funeral serv
ices over the body of Leonard Lewl.sohn.
the copper magnate and philanthropist,
who died In London on March 8, were held
to-day in Temple Emanuel.
DENIES STORY
OF HIS RECALL
CAST INTO JAIL
BY ECUADOREANS
FIRE AROUSES
GIRL STUDENTS
"NATHAN HALE"
IN FULL FAVOR
GUNMAN SHOOTS
AT POLICEMAN
D EATH CALLS
AGED PIONEER
John Geddes Brincker
hoff Passes Away
Near Dixon. '
First a Placer Miner and Then
Prominent as a ; ;
•Farmer..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, MARCH 17, 1902;
The ancients, according to. Pliny, made
a very excellent sympathetic Ink, using
new milk as the basis. '-'¦'/* >
CONSTANTINOPLE,:-' March' 16.— It Is'
rumored .here;: that ' forty' additional '.' ax
rests; were] made/last Friday, r It is be
lieved 'I the ¦'¦ persons '. apprehended ¦were
mostly; officers at :tho naval school on
Ilalkl * Island. - Fuad Pasha, who was ; re
cently^ arrested ;by order of ¦¦ the Sultan,'
has' been, sentenced by tho Ylldiz court
martial tp i five, years' ! detention in ¦ a fort
ress. -The formal' judgment' sets forth the
details-of Fuad Paaha's; seditious designs.
IG!HMIMlHBNHBM!llKEi9!95fSnStEt}n!li«KS?rj ~ "
Sultan : Causes ; More ; Arrests.
AW tilll.'Ben Jose. -.
K K Canqueu, San Jose
W B PIek, Texas,
H W Donall. Denver
P J Flowers, Denver
Mr & Mrs Myers, Cal
C Y Halscy, San, Jose
<} W Condon & w7 Cal
F. WulnYCal
F R.W'allls. Chicago
W. H Smith. Chicago
K Johnson, Oakland
J C Lund. Angel Island
W Watts, Angel Islnd
W.Laroen, Bpokane
C Johnson. Spokane •
J B Beltlnck. fiacto \
A Miller & d, Pa ',
U M.Downle.Pa /
C Rummel& w, Idaho
C Clark, Los Ang
K.V7 Corkran, Lob An?
B J Ballard.' , Marlpoxa
M J Anderson, Vlsalla
W H Fulton, Kansas
J E Johnson. Wl« ¦¦¦¦•: ¦',
W W Bidw-ell. N j: i
J3 o. Darmore, Cal r« ,:.v.
B.V Wagener. Log An«
K W McKenna. Valljo
C E Thompson, Denver
JJ Plezer, Montana -
W Ca«ety. Boston
T Quinn. Chicago
A' Friguero. Benlcla .
J Brown; Demlng .•
P W Doan.^Palo Alto"
NEW WESTERN. HOTEU
HOTEL ARBIVALS.
7
POSTTJM CEBEAL. ; ¦
A BUSY WORKER.
Coffee Touches Up Different Spots.
Frequently coffee «cts up rheumatism
when it Is not busy with some other part
of the body.. A St. Jo«?, Mo., man,' P. V.
V»*li«(\ Kayf: "About two years ago my
kneos began to stiffen and my 'feet and
l"gs swell, eo that I was scarcely ablo
to walk, and then enly with the greatest
difficulty, fcr I was in constant pain.
"I consulted Dr. Barnen, one' ot the
most prominent physicians here, and he
diagnosed the case and Inquired, 'Do you
drink coffee?' 'Yes,' 'You must quit us-
ing It at once,' he replied.- I did so and
commenced drinking Poslum Jn its place.
"The swelling: In my feet -and ankles
and the rheumatic pains subsided quick-
Jy and during the past eighteen months 1
have enjoyed most excellent health, and,
although I have passed the sixty-eighth
mile post,l have never enjoyed life better.
"Good health brings heaven to us here.
I know of many cases where wonderful
cures of stomach and heart troubles have-
been made by' simply throwing away, coft.
fee and using 'Post um."
Por Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such a* Wind and Pain In the Stomach, Sick HeadaefM,
Giddiness, < Fulness and Swelling after meals. Dizziness and Dnrwsln;»», Cold Chills,
Flushings of Heat, Loss of Appetite, Shortness ol Breath, Cottl venesj. Blotches on tha Skin,
Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams, and all Nervous and Trembling Sensations, &c. < Thm
first Dama vtUS nivm Roll's/ In Twontjr Af/nsrfes. This Is no fiction, every
sufferer Is earnestly Invited to try one Box of these Hll». and they will be acknowledged
to be "WORTH [A GUINEA A BOX." ' D EEC HAM'S PILLS, taken as directed, will
quickly restore Females' to complete health. They promptly rcmovo any obstruction or
irregularity of tho system. For a
Weak Stomach ; Impaired Digestion 5 Disordered Liver
they act Hke magic— a few doses will work wonders upon the Vital Organs ; Strengthen-
ing the muscular system; restoring the long-lost Complexion: bringing back the .keen
edge of appetite, and arousing with the Rosebud of Health tha who! a Physical
Energy « the human frame. These are "facts" admitted by thousands, in ail classes
of society, and one of the best guarantees to the Nervous and ' Debilitated is that
Boccham'a Pllla havo tho largest Sxlo of mny Patent Mcdiclno In thm
World, ' Full directions with each box.
-*' Prepared only by THOMAS BEECHAM. St. Helens, England 365 Canal St.. New York.
SiiiaEver^here r inJBaxesgtO cents ana 25 cento
XJSXO
HOVST I® YOTXR, I<rVTE}Ifc^THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH: 17, 1902
8
AIRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c.
$175 — CIGAR store, in good condition. Mc-
BRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st, nr. 4th.
A — $350; DELICACY 6tore; 4 rooms; rent $20;
clears $75 month. STRAND, 209 Kearny st.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange. business of any
kind: partners procured. STRAND & CO.,
209 Kearny et .
A— $1000; SALOON; clears $400 month; 100
- others. $150 to $3000. STRAND, 209 Kearny.
American Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning, 3c;
renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ; tel. Capp 3524.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
A— 40 CIGAR stands; prices. $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 daily; rents $0 to $125 month.
I can sell you a first-class stand at invoice.
C. Lt HEDGES, 481-462 Parrott "building.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. ...-
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et ; tel. Mission 263.
HEALY A CARR, 6 Eddy st,, San Francisco,
rooms 18 and 19; phone James 2771 — We sell
all kinds of business opportunities, city and
country real estate. Call or write for ,our
printed list properties for sale and exchange.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion Is the sasfest and most' profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handlcappers, 113 Stockton st.
FOR eale— Barber shop, 2 chairs; half or whole
Interest Address P. O. box 498, San Jose.
COLUMBIAN ¦ Law and Collection Agency, 6th
. -floor, 916 Market st. ; advice free. TeL Bush
194; able body of % attorneys.' ' ". : ¦ "¦
BARBER — Two-chair shop for sale; good lo-
cation; room in rear: $150. Box 4242, Call.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310,' 027 Market st
COTTAGE of 4 rooms'; rent $8. 1 Lombard Bt.
COTTAGES TO LET.
CAPE NOME— Owing to the pressure of other
business the owner of a rich claim, 660x1320
feet, adjoining Dexter Creek, offers rare bar-
gain; assessment work done; title perfect:
terms easy. Particulars TOMLINSON &
CO., 40S California St.
YOUNG or middle-aged man, with push, abil-
ity, -of flee experience and capital, to manage
office and learn management of business; can
invest money and become active member of
firm after thorough investigation- should
have at least $25,000. Box 4223. Call.
FOR LEASE to a reliable party, the WM.
TELL HOUSE; furniture for sale. Further
information inquire at 317 Bush Bt., room 12.
$400 — SALOON: old established; transfer cor-
ner: low rent: long lease. Call office. 1
WANTED — Either to eell or buy a. small laun-
dry route. Box 44S0, Call.
MECHANICS' board and lodging bouse for
sale. Box 4460, Call.
OLD established corner grocery store for sale
cheap. Apply -1795 Ellis st, . cor. Pierce.
RESTAURANT— $4000; one of the' finest that
has ever been put up; a bargain for any busi-
ness man. Address box 4189 Call office.
$525 — TAILORING on Market st; full value In
sight; good will; cause for sale, owner study-
ing medicine; cheep rent G. Newton, 759 Mkt
EASY. Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. ' C. ANDER-
SON, D. D. S.. proprietor' and manager. ¦
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 50c
plates, $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 2-1 Sixth et
SEE my new pink Ivory plates; see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings, 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.'
DR.R.L. WALSH, 847 Geary, nr. Larkin— Pain-
less ext., 50c; platea $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush^^
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns. $3; fillings. SOc.
MEYER. 46 O'Farrell, late of 6 Turk st. ;
- crown and bridge work; gas specialist. '.•
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 : Geary st. ; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. . H.~ G.
YOUNG.- 1841 Polk st. ,-
BILLS, notes, etc.. collected in all parts of the
world. Cal. Commercial Guaranty Co.. 184
Crocker building. ,
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7, Flood bldg. ; extractions done p^ln-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, S4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; v Sun3ays,
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
BALOON, corner lot, property, stock and fix-
tures for eale or rent; opposite railroad depot
in Paso Robles. Address JOHN G. ENGEL.
Paso Robles. CaL ,
$300 — RESTAURANT and chophouse: first-
class furniture; good location. D. McRAE,
837 Mission st.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years',
experience; no students; advice free; prices
• cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR.- GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50;. other
fillings, $1; gold, and porcelain crowns,". $5
up; plates, a' full set of teeth. that look nat-
ural and guaranteed, $5 up. •
DENTISTS.
SOME bargains— McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market.
$225 — Restaurant & oyster house; good, cheap.
$250 — Restaurant: good location; 10 more res-
taurants. $200^ — Saloon: $400, $600,. $1200 sa-
loons. $175, $225, $500 cigar stores. -
LOOK out, laundrymen! Steam laundry; part
for sale; good chance. McBRIDE & CO.,
7C5 Market st. ; phone Red 3433. >
A — PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market st, fine-
ly fitted up; doing fine business; owner has
other business; $1200. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
' SAJT FBAJf CISCO CALL.
BCEINESS OFFICE ©f The Ban FrancUeo
Call, comer cf Market and Third streeta; open
WBtfl Vt o'clock every nlcht in the y*" 1 .
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 MonU-omery street
corner Clay; open until 8:80 p. m.
W0 Hayes street: open until » :30 p. m.
«3» McAliUttr street; optn until 8:80 P. «• '
CJ5 Lertcln strvt: op*n until 0:80 p. m.
1MI TrilMrlon street; ©pen until 10 p. ra.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth , open
entil 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cp»n until » p- m.
I05»« Valencia street: ooen until 0 P- "•_._
Northwest corner Twenty-s*cond »*» " ten '
tucky rtrertt: oprn until 8 p. to.
2200 ~~illtnor« strtft: <n»n until 9 P. m. :
MEKTiyGJ!VOTICC».
ASTLUM of Ool(3fn Gate Commsndcry m j^ M
No. 1«. K. T.. 623 Butter st.— Stated •&%*
aswsnblr THIS KVENING at 8 Kg
o'tlofk. Order of Temple. All fraters "jjjr
ar. courtoourly^nv^d^^^^ £m
THEO. rROLICH. Recorder. N>
STARR KING I/Cdsre, U. D.. F. an* A. ¦
M., Mowir's Hall, will meet THIS -#%,
(MONDAY) EVENING ¦ at 7:30 T£JT
o'clork. nrrt, decree. By order of */v
th» W.-M. A. A. ANDERSON. Sec.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No 1, Royal •
Arch Masons, meets THIS E\EMNG. Js\^
Bu»io«is» «nd M. M. degree. 7%V\
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. '^* y
OCCIDENTAL L<idge No. 22. F. and A. •
M.— THIS (MONDAY EVENING, at JL
~:r,0 o'clock. S<-i-or:<l degree. By cr- "f If
der of the Master. "I
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. «
M.— CaUed meeting THIS DAY (MON- _#%.
DAT). March 17, 1902, at 7:30 JfV
o'clock p. m. Degree 2. By order * *w '
of th« W. M. L. SCHCMACHER. Sec
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2eo. F. m
an? A. M., 1S39 Fillmore st— First
depree THIS EVENING at 7:30 XJ?
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR.Sec. /\r>
BT. ANDREW'S Sot-iety — An in- v «T -^
formal rpctptlon will be tendered "A kMuJj
to JAMES fi. TVEHSTER THIS •*££££
(MONPAY) EVENING. Members **3*T
are cordially Invited.
JAS. ROLPH Jr., President.
GEO. ST. J. BROINER, Sec. i
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a regular meeting In
' the examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission, City Hall, San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY. April 1, 1902 at 10 a, m.
C. C. WADSWORTH. M. P.. Sec
ANNUAL Meeting — Hutchinson Sugar Plan-
tation Company — The regular annual meet-
Ing cf the stockholders of the Hutchinson
Eugar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market st, in
the city and county of San Francisco, State
cf California, on TUESDAY, the 25th day
of March. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m., tor" the purpose of electing a board
of directors to serve for the ensuing year
and for the transaction of such other busi-
ness as may come before the meeting. Trans-
fer books will close on Friday, March 14,
1902, at 3 o'clock- p. m.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The annual meeting of
the stockholders of the Western Sugar Re-
fining Comnany will be held at the office of
the company. 327 Market st. San Francisco,
Cal., on Monday, the 31st day of March,
• 1002. at the hour of 12 m.. for the purpose
of electing a Board of Directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ing. Transfer books will close on FRIDAY,
March 21st. 1902. at 12 m. -
W. H. H AXX AM. Secretary.
THE California I»ebris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from J. M. Longnecker, in the Taylor
Claim and Hull Claim Mines, "near Genessee,
Plutnas Co., to deposit tailings in- Indian
Creek or a ravine tributary thereto, and
from the Channel Found Gold Mining Co., In
their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co.. to de-
poElt tailings In a dry swale below the mine.
gives notice that a meeting will, be held at
room 94, Flood building, San Fraacisco, Cal.,
on March 24. 1902. at 1:30 p. m.
AGESTS WASTED.' v
WASTED TIME — If you are a flrst-class so-
licitor and wasting your time in some line
not worthy of your ability and cnergry. come
to us forenoons. 10 to 12. and we will show
you a proposition, the opportunities of which
are as broad as your ability. J. S. CAN-
NON, 319-320 Parrott building.
AGENTS ¦wanted for *?reatest insurance nov-
elty ever offered; $1000 accident and health
policy. $6 weekly indemnity, accidents or ill-
ness. $2 per year. Travelers* Guaranty Co.,
Columbus, Ohio.
WANTED — Salesmen, sal. or com., to sell "The
Merchants' Favorite Account File," a new
time & labor-sav. device; ready seller; no
can. Ad. Fremont File & Spec. Co.. Fremont,
O., or call on L.W.GIIson, Golden West Hotel
WANTED — State, local and county managers;
salary and commission; splendid eide line for
agents. Apply at once to Salubrita Ph'ar-
macal Co.. room 136, Golden West Hotel.
WANTED — State, local and county managers;
salary and commission; splendid side line for
agents. Apply at once to Salubrita Phar-
macal Co.. room 136 Golden West HoteL
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast; future predicted: readings
by mail it desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
ATTOBXEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KTNXJ, atty.; Examiner building/ room
C13; all cases; da-nages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a. specialty: quick; quiet;
no cnanre -without success ; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. SSO Market gt. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, D27 Market st. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fee*;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market et
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
fcet st: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exclianec
ALLEN is celling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
est thing out; agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
er? : repairing, bells, pumps. 301 Larkln et
BIRDS. DOGS, ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds o-I song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and anima!
food of all kinds. 154<~ Market gt.bet8th&9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.'
GOOD home for 1 or 2 children with lady wlth-
out children. 36 Brady, off Market nr. 12th.
KURSE wishes children at lowefet terms; large
euany yard, -phone; nr.school. 1607 California.
LADY wants one or two email children to
board. 217 Perry et • ¦ .
BOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHASCES.
A^*3^r^E^TAURANT~and chophousei rent
$20; good place; 1 block south of Market et.
Call B. G. WILKE, 261$ Kearny et.
A — $1400; SALOOX.~VicinIty of Market and
4th sts. ; net rent $40; good paying business;
estab. years. R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny.
A— $2500; CHOP and oyster house, near Chron-
icle; lease; place clearing above 1250 per
month; death in family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st
A — S40O0:' DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery
store; established years; rent $20; stock of
first-class merchandise; will invoice $3000;
business known as a first-class paying propo-
sition. Call R. G. WILKE, 26 > 4 Kearny et.
A— $350; SALOON and dance hall on Kearny
st; 3 living rooms and kitchen; rent $35^
Fartlculare at R. G. WILKE'S, 26% Kearny.
A— $800: BEST located saloon on" water front;
elegant fixtures and a first-class paying busi-
ness; rent $40; investigate Rnd you trill find
_ a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 2C"4 Kearny.
A— $850; CORNER saloon with C rooms: rents
*1j; surrounded by planing mills lumber
yards and railroad shops; clearlnj- above T-103
r*r month. Call R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kearny.
A— $850; HARDWARE and crockery store with !
plumbing shop; on Fourth st.,- near Market-
good business; rent. J20. _ Call R. G, WILKB'
»t»"4 Kcaray «.
CIGAR stand; nr. 3 theaters; cheap rent... $550
Cigar stands, $150. $300. $125, $200, $125-
Monday bargains. Decker & Larsen. 821 Mkt
DRUGSTORE; stock invoice $1800; barg $2000
Coal yard; begt location; barn; horses.. COO
Fruit store; 3 living rooms; bargain... 223
Don't forget. DECKER. 021 Market Bt. '¦
A— SALOONS; 60 to select from.. $350 un
Cigar stands ...; 225
- Delicacy etores . . : ;.. 250 uo :
Groceries and bars 350 U n
Candy factories and etores. ; lim U d
KRASKY & CO.. 101»A Market -J,, room 1&
NOTICE to sellers— We have cash buyers for all
kinds of business that will stand investiea-
tlon. P. S. de Luca & Co.. 318 Keamy, rfi.
NOTICE to fcuyers — It -will pay you to call on
us before buying elsewhere. . P. S. DE LUCA
& CO.. 818 Kearny Bt. room 1.. . ~
IF you are eeeking safe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners'. (.Co-operative) Association
under • New Tork State" laws) ;.
• limited number of shares at $100 each. : N
6. HAKD. Secretary.lia Stockton st.- -. .-"','••-.
FOR SALE — Very cheap; good paying ¦ cigar
stand; good location; or will trade for sa-
loon. Inauirc Call office. «v
A — Saloon; south of Market st. In the manu-
facturing district; 3 living rooms upstairs;
rent $15; stable in rear; price $275.
A — First-class shop, with horse and wagon;
¦ owner wants to leave city; good established
trade; price $850. '
A — Saloon near the new Postofflce; owner go-
Ing north; price $2100.
A — Saloon, including 2-story house and lot in
the Mission; a bargain at $4000.
A — Partner for an old-established and good-
paying printing business; $2500.
A — Grocery, bar and cigar stand; good corner;
on Geary st.. near Kearny; long lease; rent
$40; price $2500.
A — Candy and ice cream parlor; good .location
and good business; cwner cannot give lt his
attention. — .
A — Half interest in a good-paying grocery and
bar; call and Investigate.
A — Bar and grill room; near Market st: aver-
age receipts $50; large basement suitable for
bowling alleys; rent $85; price $4000.
A — Grocery and bar: In the Mission; owner
cannot take care of the place; rent $18; 4
rooms In rear; price $000.
A-MSrocery and bar: on Ellis st; good place
and cheap rent; price $lG00.
A — Grocery and bar; on Golden Gate ave.;
owner retiring from business; pric« $2500.
A— Grocery; on a good corner on Mission it.:
owner has other buvlness; fine place for man
and wife; price $1800. .
A— Lodging-house; south of Market nt.; $360.
A— Cigars', notions and lsundry office; rent
$16; 2 rooms In rear; price $300.
Ar- Rf-tnurant and delicacy stora; doing fine
business; owner sick; good location.
A— Oyittr and chop house at Presidio; owner
to leave city; a bargain at $3t>0.
JOSEPH STRAUB,
850 Market ut, corner Stockton.
•Telephone Grant 177.
Real E«Ute Agent. ¦-
Property Bought and Sold.
RenU Collected. . ¦ ¦
Loans Negotiated,
tiegttlmat* Business
Agent.
nUSIXKSS CHANCES— Continued.
A — $550; 12 ROOMS; furniture oak; housekeep-
ing ; all rented ; best Ideation ; carpets good ;
must go East: bargain. DECKER, &L.AK-
EEN. 921/ Market st. . ¦ ; • . ;-.- • .: ~~
A. CAMERON & CO.. • ' - " : ¦•- :¦ ' ¦ : ' "
850 Market st. aijd 8 Stockton st, '
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you ; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats: all sizes and prices; In all parts of city/
A — 75 ROOMS, near Market st ....'.:.. ; .. $6000
22 rooms. $1300; 20 rooms, $1400: 5« rooms,'
• $2000; 11 rooms, $400; IS. rooms, money
maker. $1800: 100 others," 6 rms. to 220, $200
to $13.000. ¦> KRASKY &,CO.. 1049A Market.
A — NOTICE— We; have : rooming-houses, -. all
sizes and prices; in allparts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & 0)^1206 Market.
'A — 18 1 ROOMS; ! sunny; -. corner; I rent j $55; - part
cash. Room 16. ¦ 1049 A Market st.
$1600 — CENTRAL; • 12 rooms; rent ' $66; clears
i. $70. AddTess quickly, ¦ Owner, bo-c 4211;; Call."
10 ROOMS. - Including .- kitchen ; :. neatly ~- furn; :
J275. 217 Natoma et/, near Third." ;
A— 10 ROOMS: good location; rent $30..; $250
20 rooms; oak walnut furniture; piano.. 1478
16 rooms; 2 folding beds; new carpets.'.' 1250
20 rooms; bay windows; furniture oak. .'-16G0
18 rooms; rent $C0; good location:..:... 1250
28 rooms; Oakland: rent $50; a 'bargain. 1100
¦ Monday bargains. Decker & Larsen, 921 Mkt.
ACCOUNTINGS — Most thorough course on coast-;
beginners : and college ' graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 ; Parrott 'bldg.
CALIFORNIA -Business College; most thorough:
.\ modern methods; positions. for all graduates-
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 : Larkin - 6t
ALL Gregg .stenographers ' secure positions: i 14
good positions last week ; ' rapl d flurures a spe-
clalty. ¦ 3. F. . Business : College, , 1230 Market. •
BPANISH,French,etc.Prof.De Filippe's Academy
¦ of Languages,320Post;estab'dlS71 ;ablest profs.
.VIOLIN," guitar. . mandolin,'- banjo • taught - In
. class, $1 .month. 1836 , Eddy; i phone - Pine 433.-
MARY P. WESTHAUS. . piano.' mandolin.'; guitar
' . lessons. SOc; piano for, practice.';*; 39 ; Fifth st.\
ARITHMETIC; bookkeeping.' grammar,' writing
;etc; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, | nr." uth.-
SHORTHAND taught by ' mail " or i personally i
• MISS M. G. BARRETT. : 302 , Montgomery • st i
VIOLIN,' mandolin, guitar. Prof.' MERKI,"- good I
¦¦ teacher. -¦ 1008 Mission; ¦¦ instruments , selected. :
Chicago Business College, : 1435 Market,'; nr.lOth;'
, Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.;|6 mo.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mining.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est, 18C4; Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this Idvicef worth
following? Life scholarship : $50; catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, . specialties ; Hallet . School
• associated with theatrical agency, securing po-
sltlons. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st '
New houses to lease,
: WINSTON & WOLF '¦
1026 ¦¦ Market st ...... 102fi Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.) \ •
16 rooms; cor. ; new. furn. ; . payments. .$1150
20 rooms; rent $50; good furniture 1000
' ' 23 room's: rent ?C5; must Bell 1250 !
28 rooms; corner: cheap rent...... . .1500
- 23 rooms; rent $75; must sell. ....1200
50 rooms; new; corner; rent .$200: elevator.-
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY. v .
850 Market Bt. .(Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.' , '
Reliable dealers , in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate. /
We furnish, vacant houses and
J Loan Money at lowest rates.;
.Something new every day. .
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university. ¦ law' and medical
' colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.*: Phelan \ building.'
HEALD'S SCHOOL. OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night: catalogue free.' ;
AYRILS'. Leading Business College, i 723 Market
— $8 per month: $50 life scholarship -guaran-
' tees a complete, bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
Epelllng, Spanish, etc.; experienced' teachers;
' new typewriters; positions secured; 1 cat free.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S BCHOolTci^^L^CrRICAirENGI^
NEERING— Theory,' demonstration, construc-
tion, "laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical: day and night. 24 Post'-st... S. F. ;
catalogue, free. >,¦¦¦¦¦ ¦'. ' • -
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.' -
DOG HOSPITALS.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. ',-, 1019 Market, st. '
. .1020 Market at, opposite Fifth.
Followinc money makers Bold on monthly
payments : HPX£g&V*i!f "Hi •
18 rooms; 6th st. : nets $65.. $SOO
12 rooms; Jones et. ; bargain 650
6 rooms; $150 cash, balance $200 monthly. -:
50 rooms; eunny corner; lease. . ....;....., 3500
13 rooms; Van Ness; new furn, car., etc.. 1000
10 reams; boarding house; clears $95....... 850
10 rooms; Golden Gate ¦ ave. ; cheap .'. 650
8 roome; Jessie st. ; cash $200, bal $200 mo.
£6 rooms; rent $425; lease; new; make offer. . ¦
TO rooms; rent $350; modern; up to date..$6SO0
100 rms. ; offices; permanent; tran. ;. want ofier.
11 rooms; Post st; rent $40.. . ; J650
42 rooms; Ellis; new; modern; only...... (3500
14 rooms; rent $30; clears $50: $700
10 rooms; "boarding; newly furnished.
Rent f.GO; profits $100; offer wanted.
Call before buying or selling. • French spoken.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: phone Mint 796.
H. C. DECKER. RELIABLE BROKER,
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
HORSES AXP WAOOW1.
CHESTNUT driving team of maws, a**^ 1
years, iired by R*no Princtj W gratia,
•tylUh. perfectly f f arlef •• frta from Tlcy ux4
need no boots; broke ¦ingle; easy to drtvji
price very low. Apply to WM. O. LAYN(~v
Occidental Horse Exchange. T21 Howard »t.
near Third. ¦
A LOT of horse* for sal* at Arcad* IZotm
Market. 327 Sixth tt.; altw bug»te». wwrotM,
harnesa, «tc.; auction sale* every Wedne«da-j
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOTTLE. Auctioneer.
CONBTANTLT on hand and for «al« or trad*,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and drlr-
Ing horiM of all crad*«. ntze* and style.
Santa Clara MUit Co.. 721-723 Howard »C
SANTA ROSA nalesyard— Horse*, harness and
bufglea bought nnd tr-M, sew stock always
on hand. 1433 Market St.. corner Eleventh.
8AN Franciaco Veterinary College, Fourth ¦«*•
slon begins June 9, Catalogue* by applyln* to
M. L. PANCOAST. Sec. 510 Golden Oaf ave.
Largest stock 2<i-hand wagons, buckboard. «ur-
rey, harness, work, drtvln* horses. 15th<fcValenela
SECOND-HAND business buggy and X top
_huggy; bargain. 1370 Turk st •'
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EOAN & SON. 2117 Mission «t
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; 'also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
PARTNEr.; half Interest livery stable: all new
rigs; account other business. 2125 Mission.
HYG1EXIC HAIR TREATME5T.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and .
luster less hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with, great success; free consulta-
tion. Room 29. Lieoes building. 13& Post st.
I«OST A.TO FOl'AD.
LOST — On Halght-«t cars or walking from
Market to Harrison on Sixth st. ladles' gold
watch, diamond setting. Initials L. F. IC,
inscription Love. Memory, Friendship. Re-
*turn or address R. K. ANDERSON, 123
Alpine st, and receive reward.
LOST — Black leather purse, gua metal corner,
initials M. N. S., on Sutter st, from Bu-
chanan to Larkin. Return to Cashier. 213
Sutter st; reward.
LOST — At Zlnkand's, Sunday evening, two
solitaire diamond and cne marquise. turquols»
rings. Return or communicate W. D. R.,
1262 Market at, Oakland; liberal reward.
LOST— At Presidio, lady's gold watch; A. M.
L. on case; $5 reward. Return to H. H.
LIBBING, Station D, Postofflce.
LOST— At Cliff House, Sunday, white fox ter-
rier; tail docked; liberal reward. 515% 8th.
FOUND — A light female pug; owner can Hav»
same on proving property. 163S Union st
LOST — In or near Orpheum, night of February
14, 1902, lady's gilt belt, with gold buckle.
Finder please return to 630 Mission st. and
•^collect $5 reward. •
LOST- — A pass book with the Hlbernia Saving*
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In tha.
name of DAVIDE CAPELLO; No. 224-1583.
The finder will please return to tank.
LOST or strayed— St. Bernard dog, 11 months
old. Finder will please return to 543 Clay
st and receive reward. -
LOST — A Scotch collie, female, tan, with whit*
marking, 6 months old. Return 2840 Jack-
son st. and receive reward.
LOST — Gordon setter,' tag No. 3352, near
Golden Gate Park; liberal reward. 20 Ellis.
LOST — One ruby scarfpln set with 16 dla-
monds; reward $20. Return to 13 Third st
LOST — Irish setter bitch;- white on forehead
and chest. Return HIT Folsom st; reward.'
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs. old
gold and silver to ir.ake new watch cases.
MATRIMOMAL. \
AMERICAN, steady income, wlshe3 acquaint-
ance of lady under 30; object matrimony.
Box 4240. Call office. ,
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1SS7; reliable and
confidential; lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
j MATTRESSES AND PILLOW'S.
TO order, also cleaned and/ sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; 'honest work guar-
anteed. ' HOPKE BROS.; 411 to 415 Powell
st; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
-. shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned cpecial-
' 1st. — Ladies, all who are sick ox la trouble
consult the specialist on female complaints;
- . menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped j relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treatejt;
have relieved; thousands of most - obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. ' DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt. op. 5th. ¦
MRS. D. WYETH — Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Karrell. near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIES
at the old office. 12^3 Market st; 80 years*
experience In obstetric and other cases.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladies' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 906 Market st. op. 4th: fee.lo-w.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DAVIES* original
method of . treatment : maternity home; home
in confinement. 1126 Market St.. S. P.
MRS. D* ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during?
- confinement; best medical care; low fees.
'DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable and sincere sp«-
ciallst. 1007^ Market: avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOT KEE, 210 Stockton st.. opposlta
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. ¦
- MISCELLAXEOPS FOR SAJLE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WQLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont. st
15-K.W.' WESTINGHOUSE generator..... $250
200 light generator, engine and holler... $500
8 h.p. boiler and engine, centrifugal 4-in.
pump, belt, pi-y, etc-... $200
25-h.p. . boiler ! and engtne, complete. .. . .$250 -
48x16 return tubular boiler :•........ $25O>
40 h.p. fire box boiler (locomotive) $173 '
6 h.p. vertical - boiler seo
V - - H. a. WHITE. 130*132 Beale st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. • WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
. Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 632 Mission.
SEALSKIN suitable for 36 or 33 bust; elegant
quality; condition finest; cost originally $225.
for $100 ca3h. . Box 3896, Call.
ONE 25 H. P. steam engin* power lathe, 14
feet, complete with tools; good as new. Box
4467. Call office.
$15 — DOMESTIC sewing machine; S drawers;
attachments; good order. 1571 Market St..
near Twelfth.
• — — — — __ ___ __ __ ___ _^________ —
WANT to sell or borrow money on 3 diamond
rings, diamond pendant, diamond earrings and
ladies' gold watch; no dealers. Box 4237, Call.
FINE automobile; will exchange for 75 H. P.
engine, motor* or real estate. Address box
3663, Oakland.' -
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
• Jar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
'FINE suits. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
A— SEALSKIN jacket for sale for $63. Port-
land Loan Office. JS Stockton at
LOT of fine antique mahogany furniture: beds.
bureau, side board. 313 27th St.. nr. Church. A
FOR sate — Spaniel; broke land or water; also*'
2 pups very cheap. SOS Post st. ¦ J,
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. «MctN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 19S- 197 Fremont at
ALL, sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price., 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
BOATS, - launches, rowboats carried in stock
BAKER & HAMILTON. .
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). -ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures.'BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
GET iyour shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts,
NEW -home and Domestic sewing machine:
good. order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 39C Mission st
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. l'H) Beale gt.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boiler.*
bought, sold. Krosh-Mfg. : Co.. 0 Stevenson.
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO... 417-42.1 Sacramento st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
I- -IT...-. 1. .-.-._,_ .', -- ¦¦..¦
TIMBER wanted — A tract of saw timber want-
ed, situated so as to have. a home market;
will. pay stumpasre or. saw by contract Ad-
drt-aa box 44SV Call .office.
WILL pay cash and good prices for- old seai-
• cklns; address at once, will call anywhere
• "within 25 milssof city. Box 3276. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coa.ts: also gents'!,
full dress and Tuxedo suits. ' Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton at; phone Bush 434. - '
WANTED — One , billiard and "one pool table; ¦
n bargain for cash. Apply The Racine, 90t *
Post st, cor.. Mason.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th at.; tel. Jesato 2830.
A — SALOON on city front, clearing $90 a mo.;
must be sold; $350. Rohlfs Co..- 41 Third et.
FREE!' . FREE! FREE!
PROF." BROCKWAY, PROF. BROCKWAY,
1052 Ellis st., bet. Franklin and GougH.
: Readings free between the hours of 9:30 and
11 a.-m. Other hours, $1. .- • > ' ¦
A— PARTNER wanted, with $400. in ai well-
established business that will pay him from
$150 to $200 a month. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, . clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market,' op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m. .
A— MISS M. WILLE, S26A EIUs; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
A— WANTED— A man to take half-interest in
an old-established woodyard; present owner
been there 8 years; $600. Rohlfs Co., 41 3d.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
.nast, future; never fails; has the greatest
Egyptian secret; Fhow,s picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction to
everybody: open Sun., 10 to 8-p. m. 215% 6th.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 120C Mar-
ket St., cor. Golden 'Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. | Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall;' send' stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
HELP WASTED— MAtE-^-Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary ft
WANTED FOR NEW RAILROAD WORK
........... .STATE OF. NEVADA. . . ... . . . . ..
, 500 railroad teamsters Y» * 5 ar
*¦ 600 railroad laborer* V $2 a day
100 rockmen ff * **Y
10 stonemasons $* * •£*""
2 blacksmiths.. '• • •>• • -,-• •„•? a "2* I
Blacksmith's helper. .......... • ~f ?** * $*l
fSPp^Si:::::^::::::::™^ 1^"
FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 tunnelmen. $2. $2 50 '•£»*««
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK... SHIP DAILT
FREE FARE.. FREEFARE.. FREE FARE
FOR CALIFORNIA .......
SECTION gaNO to'eEFARE
SHIP TO-DAY ........FREE FAKE
Teamster for a vineyard, $1 a d*r: '**££
band*-. $25 a month; choreman, $20. carpen-
!!?..' 3 . * HOVEL WPAEMBg rH . : -.
Broiler and roast cook, country hotel. a
second cooks, cafe*, city. $60 a^ k » 5O i I^ e t r 7
cook, hotel, city. $65; second cooka. broiler.,
fryers, bellboys, porters, etc., etc.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary '*•
COLORED second cook. $30. a " d ,^ Ic f I a ? e
I er. $30. for miners' boarding-bouse, fare pain,
cook and wife, private h<« rdln l «: ho ?* 0 V.rte r '
boardlng-houae. cook. $40;. af^S^iS"^
$15 and found, and others.! J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento at.
MAN about place and wife for resort. $50; 2
more house carpenters. $3 50 day; 1 W«f»:
smiths for country. $40 and $50 and found,
boy to learn blacksmith trade, country, farm-
ers for Sonoma, Santa Clara and coun-
ties. $25 and found; lumber soTter. $80. 2
German choremen, $20 and $25 and found,
can washer, $40; boy for private fa-nilj\_ $1»
and found, and others. J. F. CROSETT *
CO., 628 Sacramento st. v (
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
2 waiters, city hotel. $25. ¦
BARBER shop for sale — Averages from $120 to
$130 per month; established 8 years; -shop
and flat of 3 well-furnished rooms for family
of 4; rent $15; price $250; $100 cash, the re»t
$10 per month at 4 per cent Interest IOCS
Guerrero st ¦•¦•.¦¦
"VANTED — A steady man with $100 for a.
plain, everyday business that will pay about
$70 per month; steady place; experience not
required. Apply 1016 Market st. room. 10.
'.WANTED — A good, strong? young man to learn
grocery business; must be well recommended.
¦ Apply 12 to 1 o'clock. 1201 Valencia st, cor-
. ner Twenty- third. ' •
WANTED — Strong, reliable boy to carry out
orders; must work evenings; no Sunday
work. Bakery, 111 Larkin st.
BRIGHT man to attend cash and office work,
$100 to $150 per month; $200 required. Ap-
ply 318 Kearuy st, room 1.
WANTED— A. flrst-class lunch counter man;
must have references. BREUSS* Cafe. 70
Third st. .
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
$175 cash; $17 week; steady place; no ex-
perience necessary. . BROWN, 1221 Market st.
BARBER shop, 3 chairs. Berkeley ;'well fitted I
and doing good business; can. be bought at
, very reasonable price. STOLTZ. 723 Market.
BARBER shop neatly fitted; 2 Columbia chairs;
splendid stand; can be bought cheap; cash or
time payments. STOLTZ. 723 Market st
WANTED— A strong boy to pres6 on pants.
HENRY HILP, 106 Battpry et -
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st. - .
STRONG boy wanted to work in furniture
,; store and on wagon. 2304 Fillmore st.
COATMAKER wanted^ 123 Ellis st Press
Club building.
WANTED— Young man with $90, tend cash,
restaurant, $40 mo. Brown, 1221 Market- st
FIRST-CLASS bedmaker wanted at 149 Third
st ; call at 9 o'clock.
BARBER wanted; must be flrst-clas3; good.
steady Job. $15. 1828 Haight st.
WANTED— Three oystermen and one dlshwash- !
. er at GOOCH'S Oyster Grotto, 113 Ellis st
WANTED— Second-hand on cakes. Ill Larkin
;. strc6t. *. ¦ \' , > '•,'„,.'¦
WANTED — First-class operator and retoucher
Apply Tonkin's Photo Gallery, 149O Market. !
WANTED — An --all around boy. 29 Stockton
street. >.-,-,.
WAJNTED-^Recruits for tne marine corns, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35 ; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
¦ inch; able to speak and read Enjrllah." For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 EIUs st, San Francisco.
WANTED— An errand boy. 14 or 15 years of
age; large manufacturing concern ; llghc
duties; good pay; must reside with parents
and have satisfactory references as to hon-
esty and respectability. Address "B," Call.
WANTED — Mechanical engineer accustomed to
estimating hydraulic, electric and steam
. plants; state age. experience and salary re-
qulred. Box 4493, Call office. -
AGENTS wanted for. the De Lery Incandescent i
Gaa Burner; good pay to energetic men. Ap- 1
ply to R. J. KERR & CO., 220 Sutter st. !
- room S. . ;
WANTED — Boss J spinner and carder for a
six-set woolen mill, in California: state
age, experience, married or single. Address
¦ box 4471. Call office. S. F.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE,-t35 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver. House, 217 Third st. r 150 large
rooms; p5c per night; $1 to $2 per week. .
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade ; eight
.weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
3 catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College. Los Angeles, CaL v
WANTED— In a twenty years established car-
. riage and wagon shop, a flrst-class painter
to rent shop. • Address box 4233, Call office..
MECHANICAL draughtsman wanted: only
flrst-class men need apply; state experience.
Box. 4215. Call of flee. • . . >'u
WANTED — First-class machinery salesman;
state age, ' experience -'and salary required.
Box 4403, Call office. - .
COATMAKERS, pants and vest makers and
bushelmen for country. Apply REISS BROS.
& CO., 24 Sutter st
A FIRST-CLASS architectural draughtsman-
state experience and wages. W. E. WARE,
Salt Lake City.- .
WINCHESTER' House, 44 Third st. near^Mar-
• ket— 200 rooms, "25c. night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.'.'
FOR sale — 2-chalr barber shop; good location;
reason for selling, leaving -city. Call- 702
¦Howard st, - - 1 . ,
FIRST-CLASS presser . on coats. BELASCO/
HARRIS CO.. 541. Market et. .
FIRST-CLASS preseer on coats. BELASCO-
¦ HARRIS CO., 541 Market st
WANTI>p — A good • coatmaker for Martinez.
•Apply, 'to M. J. O" MALLET, merchant tailor.
WANTED — First-class ladles' tailor; steady
work; $25 a week. P. VERDIER. 984 Geary.
AN old. man wanted to cook. 330 Main st.
BARBER wanted - for steady work. WM.
FRITZ. 1128 J st , Sacramento. CaL
AT 630 Market : st—Ex-soldlera to file extra
pay; claims," etc. - O. E." . HOWE.
WANTED— First-class bartender at 16 Post
st; references required.;
WANTED — 60 men •" to take lodging In Cam-
. bridge House,' 543 Howard; changed hands.
WANTED — Boy for wholesale. Address, stat-
ing ape and experience, box 41S2, Call office.
EXTRA pay' now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
500 -MEN ¦ to . buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
SOc up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st. nr. 5th.
YOUNG men. to learn barBer trade: catalogue
mailed. - S. F. Barber. College. 741 A v Howard.
PENSION atty., E. A, Bullis, 3, 40," Phelan
1 .big. Past Com. Geo.' H. Thomas Post. G. A. ZL
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parta of
. the world.' HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart «t.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlc». 2200 Fillmore.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
. -: cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
$11— SUNNY, house of. 5 rooms, yard and base-
. ment Key 2228 Geary, at.
$7-^-3 .LARGE sunny upper .rooms. 30 Bil-
;¦ verjst, rear'. "!• h ;-.-.-" .
HOUSES TO LE ,T--jP'URNISHEP.
FURNISHED house. 9 rooms, bath and ser
vant's room: near Alta Plaza; everything in
, j flrst-elass <¦¦ order. > Addresa BROWN r«ii
branch office. -2200 FUImore st ';-' " -\ :"
: , HOUSES WANTED. ~~
HOUSE wanted" to L be^retnov^d^near^Ca'nk'^iH
. Twenty-flfth sta. Address boa T 4187. c^l?
r FOR ;; SALE. ¦'
NEW sunny ¦ house, 7 - r rooms ; : largTibasement"
yard;-fine location; • Portoli i oTWaSS 2t!-
;• Pierce and steiner' :Geo. Moo«,*63 PortSt
CLAIRVOVA1VTS.
A— COc and $1. PROF. WELLER. clairvoyant,"
scientific palmist, card reader; advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, reunites separated,
tells whom you will marry, how to win man
or woman you love; mail $1; sopd date birth,
lock hair, 6 questions. 1007 # Market, nr. 6th.
Clairvoyant and busi-iens medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner-: bldg.
She reads, your life correctly, gives fen accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
renlngs and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25o
up; satisfaction guaranteed. TeL Black 4S69.
THE FAMOUS
MME. M. BERNARD
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs.- C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings dally;
phone Polk 1601 i seance Sunday and Thurs.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale, 142 1 Market,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, |2. 1104 O'Farrell «t; EI1U car.
KPmiTUALISSl./y _ _ '_,
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; uplrltn upeak face to face: geanco
Tues., Krl., Sun., 8 p; m.; 50c. 1084 Bush it.
,_'-.¦:. , EpuCATIoyA-Lr-^Contlnoed. ' ;
KRNT Law Schoot; day and night. 554 Par-
rott bldg. (Emporium); send for catalogue. ,
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY anS
ILLUSTRATION— night dasi.' 424 Pine st. ' ..
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post ft; S. F.;
¦ founded ' 1863 ; new ¦ 80-page catalogue f ree. . -».
O^FICES.^^^^^
A^JAPAN^8B^7e7la^lTTiou7e^c]MnTn», cook«
and waltem furnished at short notice, .' Geo.
Klnoshlta, 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; teLFtll 850i.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment^ Of flee—
. Best help. 411J/6 O'1-arreir et. ; ttl. East 4£C.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. ; 20 year *.•
Tel. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-:
ton; tel. Grant 1C8; expert, reliable help. ,;
.JAPANESE and Chinese best helprcook'and
waiter. 421 Post. QEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 145.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Or-
, flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5163.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. /. 524 Bush st; tel. 510.
ORPHEUM. Employment Office— Japanese, ChU
n»ge help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter:t»l.Black 8072.
EMPLOYMEXT WASTED— gEaiALR
BITUATION* by a '-plain-^German woman with
two young girls In a good religious family
In the country on a ranch^f or cooknng and
general housework*, near a- echool-onlyi.no
.others need apply; no mail. 132 Fourth st.
: ', room ; 9/ second floor. ¦¦• ¦ ¦ ' ; '' -" ' '
STRONG young • girl wishes work; is a good
cook; great dear of experience; -German de-
scent; wages $30. Call Monday at 1212 Mls-
¦ slon st. . -. ¦-,,.-..' - '.¦¦¦.'¦ _ '. - .;'/ -' *.-¦
A NICE girl wants a position to take care of a
child from two to three years old and do some
I plain sewing; no postals. Call at 1535 . Mis-
sion «t , - - . ; '-...- ' / -.-¦¦.¦
FRENCH lady (native) wishes pupils to in-
struct in that language. 1204 Leavenworth
. et. ; reception hours 9 to 10 a. m.. 7 to 8 p. m,
WANTED — A position as housekeeper where
-.help is kept; city or country. Address box
4486. Call office.-
>GOOD'-- German- piano .teacher, . new, ; easy
method, desires scholars; terms easy. V 216
Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG lady ' wishes • position in a flrst-clasa
confectionery store; references. Address box
4220, Call office. -
NEAT young woman wants work by the day or
week; sleep home. Ifox 4203. Call office.
WANTED— Work with a dressmaker by good
seamstress. Box 4494, Call office.- :
FIRST-CLASS German wishes position. as cook
In first-class family. 2993 Folsom st. ? \
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ' ads and subscriptions taken": for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 639 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A' BRANCH office for Cal! advertisements and
; subscriptions has been established at .1096
'Valencia st. '< - , ;-- ':
.EMPLOYMEXT W ANTE D— 31 ALE.
AS bartender j by a - respectable - middle-aged
man;- single;: references ;• town ' or country.
/Bartender, 413 Natoma St.. near Fifth.
EVENING employment -wanted^ -by : competent
bookkeeper; tradesmen's books made up; ac-
_ counts audited. Box 4241,' Call office.
GENTLEMAN, energetic and executive, 'ten
years j with the largest brewery in the .South.
is ; open for an ! engagement ; speaks ¦¦ several
languages; -willing to go to any part of the
' globe- Box 4224, Call. -.--¦/ - -
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly competent
\ temperate and reliable all around florist and
' gardener: single, age 35; life experience in
"all branches; references: private place. ¦ Ad-
dress S.G.. box 4226. Call office. .'. ...
GERMAN young man, 16 years' experience in
'; restaurant and hotel work. In business for
himself last 4 years, desires position of trust;
; willing to go to the country. Box 3739, Call.
YOUNG man,- clean worker, with some experi-
ence In painting . and paper-hanging. | wants
work as paper-hanger's helper. Address H.
PFLITSCH. 217 Third st. /
EXPERT accountant, 28 years old, desires any
-kind of clerical work; 10 years in -last rosi-
tlon; best - references. : Box 4230, Call office.
STEADY young man of 12 months', chop ex-
perience wishes * position ' as "apprentice ; in'
"¦ : barber shop; wages $5,; Box'4474, Call.
' .WANTED-^Positlon on ranch by. man and wife,
: both -. - young, ~ no"" incumbrances ; good - pay.
Box- 4188. Call. " > - . ' * . .•-.-¦ .
HOTEL and barman desires position in the
country with hotel ; or summer resort; refer-
\, ;ences. "Address box 41JJ4,- Call office. ' ¦_
SITUATION wanted >by Japanese In laundry;
.good experience. -Address KATSU, INAMI,
935 Sacramento at. < ¦ . ¦
' '
YOUNG 'man, 30,' seeks a steady position; pre-
fers outdoor work.. Box 44S2, Call office. -
YOUNG man wishes a steady position as bar-
. tender. Box 4483, Call office. 1 ;
SITUATION wanted by watchman;. best of ref-
erences. ; Watchman, 421 Minna st. ".
BAKER, sober, reliable, wants position; coun-
try shop pref erred. < Box 4217, - Call. \ _
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 F'.llmore nt.
/• : - '-I,.'-.:.' ¦'¦':u 1 ?. x 5?. A ,.?-^'-'J''-'/'-."' / . ,-.¦¦-.'
1 TO exchange — A- fine. city, lot " for upright
1 piano. . 11 City Hall square.* -
r FINANCIAL.. '
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new meinod_ of
placing stocks and bonds;, companies incor-
J . porated; ¦ stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address -main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES, incorporated and financed; -stocks
I and bonds sold; good projects wanted; inves-
tigate our. underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. State\Minlng & Invest. Co., 326 Post.
: _\ '_;-:',. FLATS TO v ¦ '.; '
BAY-WINDOW sunny flat. :-., 5 rooms. . 28%
West Mission et., bet. -Twelfth " and Brady..
GOLDEN GATE ave., 975— New upper sunny
..modern flat. 5 rooms and bath; no children. ,/
HAYES, 1715, nr. Central ave.— Cozy, modern,
. sunny cot., 5 rms. :. yard; cellar; G. G: Park.
SEE ¦ this flat: 5 rooms and 1 bath; $11. • 2922
?Lasuna st, near Union.":, '.
SUNNY upper flat, 4 rms. ; grand view; yard;*
adults; $11. 5 Lysett pi., off Sacto., nr. Jones.
: ¦ FLATS TO LKT—FPRVISHEU.
AT a' sacrifice.; up to date downtown sunny flat
of 6 rooms and • bath ; newly furnished - com-
¦ plet'e;' latest ; decorations ;": carpets and dra-
; peries, etc. ; rent of : flat only, ; $30. Call be-
tweenlO and 12 a. m.;. 790. Grove st., corner
'-¦Webster. ::;••. '.-..- ;; ... -v;. ..,'.;.,- ';....¦
FIVE rooms • and bath on Twenty-second st,
= ;. between Valencia and .Guerrero; .all .con-
veniences; sun all day; two . lines • of cars.
Apply ¦ 1036 Valencia . st. .from 10. to -2.
ELLIS, 647 — Handsomely furnished ¦; modern
* "5-room flat, for sale or rent, cheap. '¦¦-'¦'¦!.
BUSH,' ,1960— Newly ; furnished modern flat; 8
• rooms: : rent reasonable. - Call bet.' 10 and 4.
\ <,y '; . .; PLATS..WANTED. ;*?: " : -' ; .•_¦'',
FUR. flat 6 or 8 rooms;: desirable -locality for
.- ¦¦' summer; 'reasonable; no.chil. Box 4166. Call.'
FLATS FO It SALE— 1'UKJi I SHE D.
8-ROOMED modern < flat; Western -Addition;
'furniture for sale." Box -4202.' Call office. ..¦*-¦;
' FCflJflTUBB FOR SALE. V 'J. f /-
FOR SALE— A great • sacrifice; > 6 rooms • and
?¦ -'bath; -. modern,', sunny.: flat, . newly furnished
complete; carpets, "and draperies; rent of flat;
only $30. .Call between 10 and 12 a. m., 790
,.•. Grove st... corner, Webster. .-¦¦ v- ... '
FOR 'sale— Elecant. -new furniture, :• carpets, '
•, bric-a-brac. In new. flat. « 135 Baker St.','. near
, Page. . Monday^ •!< to 4' o'clock," at, private
/I ea.le by the piece;. no auction and no dealers.
4IR00MS furnished In: oak, $48 50/ with No. '7
/ range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
¦¦> FURNITCBE\WANTED..;':
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
V .•'. reasons. <¦. : WAUGH, . r."' 415, C Examiner, bldg. ; '¦
A; WOLLPERT, 773 Mission > St., ) pays highest
. price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
.': *>:%\l : ..¦*.'.¦:,; GLOVES./.., ~U/\'^- -'".
t>..& F.-* BLACK suede glove;, best In the world;'
, warranted ; kept In , repair. -' 121- Grant ave.
HELP? " V W ANTED— FE3IALE.' !i
' FIRST-CLASS ,wa Itress ¦ and : parlor ' maid . ".$30
'—' 2 second ; glrla V. .'".". .*.'.".. •".' ~ .'.". ."*'."'."; . . . .' . .$23
** 2 = laundresses ¦ : . : .-."; . .". '." . . ¦ . ." .' .' '.' ...... ?30-$25
i '. German ; coolc ¦¦'. . . . r. .'.~.~%',tv.Ti .T77;";TrT.".$35
; . Waitresses, hotel '. .'. .'. . .\. . . . . .... . . :$Z0- ?25
;'• • Waitresses, , restaurants . r.". .',.... . . '.'. $25-.$20
:" -.' Girls for housework .'.'.; : .T" .". '. ... .".".'. $25-$20
ni,'.';-:.' -LEON:- ANDRE,; 316 Stockton' st.'.' ..
GIRLS . wanted ¦: for dressmaking at 1407 ¦'¦ La-
'.;: guna 8t. ; :>;v*,' ; : ¦-;:- - ; >>/ : . : _¦'¦. .,'?,; --; ¦.-'_
WANTED— Mangle '* girls \ and s lroner. f s- : The
¦ v- French Laundry Company,? 3372 Mission sf r ;. ;
YOUNG : girl ¦'. for: upstairs work, ', assist * with
childxe-L, ; ! 682' Hayes ; stj ". J' "•
, _H ELP W AN TE D FE M Al>E-7-Cp». ; _
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .Phone Grant 183
......... HOTEL DEPARTMENT . . . .......
8 more woltreMes, first-class country hotel,
• free fare . . . . . . . . : ... ...*...... ; ...... ? f 25
. 2 waitresses,- hotel, short distance .... . . .\n
,- chambermaid to, wait, country, choice Place..
2'waltreMeV"':R. r R.'eating-house ....... . .$20
Chambermaid to wait, plain place, coun-
• ' "try ' ..... ......... •••••T*''
t ChamnerniaM 'to'walt, short distance. . . .$25
' Chambermaid, -city *.......•'•«• ;••• ]'%Z
Waitress, south, on Santa' F*. fare pald...$20
2 . waitresses, : choice place, city ..... w
2 waitresses, new hotel, city livf??
SO waitresses, city and country $20- 25
Cook, institution, city :.........- »*>
2 cooks, small home restaurants •;•••'/'
Polisher, country laundry $30 found
Mangle girl, city hotel VliS
Cleaner, Institution acsoss the bay .|i»
0
.Second girl, choice place, Oakland $25,, s»«
party here Monday, 12 noon: 3 cooks, city.
$25-$30; cook. Berkeley, $25-$30; nice place,
house girl, Swedish or German, $30, no wash-
ing, see lady here '"\*,"A V
C.?R. HANSEN A CO .10* q«»ry »t-
2 NEAT young ladles, living with parents, as
salesladies in candy store; no e-cperi«nc<.
necessary: $7 week. MRS. M. E. DAY &
CO.. 335 Geary st. ¦-- . . ,
WA1TRES3, resort, to go at once, fare paid,
$20; waitress and chambermaid to wait »J)
month, same resort, see party here; long
season. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
INSTITUTION cook, cltv $35, very nice place.
MRS. M. E. DAY' & (JO:, 335 Geary st.
. --¦ ¦ - -^y - ,
FROM this date on and until further notice we
' ¦¦ will instruct inexperienced hands 'the trade
'¦' of making overalls . free of charge: will b«
: paid^whlle learning. - LEVI STRAUSS^ &
CO./32 % Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
WANTED— Woman . assist light housework
Christian home; seaside; treated as one of
tho family; nominal wages; no objection to
a child. Apply room. 12. 227 Second sf
FINE opportunity, for bright, respectable lady
used to office work. $75 to $100 per month
r guaranteed; $200 required. 818 Kearny, r. 1.
WANTED— A girl for general housework and
cooking in small family; references. .2233
. Post st. * - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '
COMPETENT girl for cooking and to assist
. in housework; references; call between. 10
and 12. 2203 Buchanan st. "' , -
LADIES- and gentlemen for high class dra-
• matin company; we guarantee-to teach you.
Box 4191. Call office. ¦ * ,- .
WANTED— Elderly lady for housework; home
. and wages. 312 Fourth st. . . '
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; steady
work. 40 Ellis st, room 52. •- ¦ - ¦
GIRL • for ¦ general Jiousework and plain"- cook-
ing. 1440 O'Farrell st. *
COMPETENT girl for light housework: .must
- be a good ' cook ; j good wages. 1 1180 O'Farrell. 1
YOUNG girl' to learn and wait at table, $15 per
month. Restaurant. 126 Ninth st. -- r ' . ; -
GIRLS to sew on pants. 110 William st., oft
¦ Geary, near Taylor. • ' . •-
APPRENTICE wanted on coats; paid while
f learning. 1020B Folsom st.
WAITRESS wanted. 515 Valencia st.
GIRL" for general housework.' Apply, 436 Bart-
• lett st, bet; Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wanted to work in
; small family. ¦; 1140 Fqlsom st.
WANTED— A girl to assist with general house-
work in email family. ; j 1422 O'Farrel! st' $£
STENOGRAPHERS, attention— Are you out of
¦a posftion? We can get positions for com-
! petent stenographers who have a speed of
125 words; our.speed classes will perfect you;
: weekly. "Correspondence Exchange, 927
j Market st., rooms 301-305.
GIRLS, learn hairdressins:: only 2 weeks re-
quired ; course $5, including massage, mani-
curing, wies, switches, - chiropody, electrons;
$50 per mo. assured after learning; positions
I guaranteed; bring this ad., worth $1; day and
eve. class. .VS. F.' HAIRDRESSING COL- ;
LEGE, 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15. - j
WANTED — Immediately,' 3 ambitious girls to
\. learn halrdresslng from A to Z in 2 weeks
and, take charge of private, customers where
you can earn $50 per month ; course $5. Col-
¦ lege,"' 233 Geary st, V>orns 13-15. ... -
WANTED— Experienced operators on women's
-muslin underwear: steady work; electric ,
power; good pay. MARKS BROS., 1212 Mar-
kefat. .-.».; . .'¦¦'.¦• .; ".. . " : ;
WANTED — Girls to sew shirts: I a' few begin-
ners, taught; steady work; good pay. Apply
THE L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery- st.
At PaclflcHairdressingCollege.Murphy bld.,r.94;
¦ hairdresslng.massagcmanicuring.wige.tiwitch,
' " etc. ;course,$5;2 'wks. ;posltionsecured;day;eve.
A FEW more jS'nishera on waists; good pay.
BAUER BROS.' CO.. 21 Sansome st >
WANTED— Finishers and operators on ¦waists.
•. JUDA BROS.. 320 Market st.'
GIRLS to learn millinery. SAHLEIN'S, 873'
Market st. ; • :
YOUNG girl; care of child and assist with
. light housework. • 1629 Golden - Gate ave.
THREE ladles to travel: well paying proposi-
tion; must be -capable. Box 4225, Call.
WANTED— Two experienced dressmakers : at
578 Twentieth St., Oakland. MME. KRAFFT.
YOUNG girl for second work. Call 2030 Sacra- j
mento st* corner Broderick. . . • ¦ j
EXPERIENCED dreusmakers ¦ and apprentice.
52S Sutter st, room 3. .
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House,
' *~ 5 Battery st -
GIRL' wanted to assist In housework: sleep
- home; $15 per month. 1233 Jackson st .
FIRST-CLASS ladies' -hair . dressers and . ven-
tllators. 40 Geary, st. ,'- ' /
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109tf
Valencia st. ¦ ' - ' - •
HELP , WASTED— MALE? .
A— MURRAY & READY.... ..Phone Main 58*8
Leading Employment 'and Labor Agents.
...Office Open 7 a. m.. .......
2 machinists for mining work ..$3 50 day
Horseshoer for camp, $2 50 day; tinner. $3
da y- .' ¦ ¦- ' , ¦ ¦¦•.- '\ .' V : -
" .... . . ..". : AGRICULTURAL DEPT. . ..'......
5 teamsters, large fruit ranch.. $30 and found
3 teamsters, same orchard...... 526 and found
.-26 farmers, different vineyards . r ............
. .....;..".'........ '.....$2tt. and $30 and found
: 4 ' EasteVn farmers, drive small team
--..".- --.~- ....¦..;;..".. .$26 and found ;
,3 'plow r tea"m«ters, big teams .... $32 50 and f d
6 Italian vineyard hands. ...... .... - - -- - - -*40
• 3 men to plow new -vineyard. . ..$26 and found
!' ¦»«' milkers, north 1 $35 and found, fare paid;
3 milkers, near-city, $30; 11 milkers, other
' - dairies, $30 to $40 and found; 2 butter mak-
ers: 1 > cheese maker; 15 choremen, ranches
I and private places, $15 to $30 and found; 11
chore boys, ; $10 to $20. ; • . -..-¦>_ -.--. :',- . j
.... .'. ... . r. MISCELLANEOUS ....;.. . .'. . . '
Man for coal yard......: ...$40 to |50
Gardener,- steady jobl ......:.........'..•. .$^0
'¦:' 3 block makers. $4 to $5 day; 2 basket mak-
ers; man to work on'peddle wagon ;' stenog-
rapher and . bookkeeper ; . 50 woodchoppers,
• cheap" fares, good camp, big wages, SOc- to
$2 cord; tiemakers, -10c to .15c, reduced fares.
v ¦¦-_ . . ..;... LABORERS ..'.. . . . . .......'
' 7 laborers, near city, $34 and found; 5 labor-
ers for quarry, $1 fare, $1 75 day; 5 laborers
- to cut "and burn brush, $30 and found ; ;- 2
laborers » for factory, ; $1 75 • day ; 5 laborers,
] near, city.' $2 day. , ,
...... HOTEL^DEPARTMENT '..*.:". .":'..
Cook." country hotel. $2 50 fare.. ..$50 and fd
Cook, hotel, north.". .$50 and found
Cook, near ' city,- $40 ' and . found; cook and
Stshwasher, plain hotel, $40 : and .¦ $15 ; second
[ cook,' restaurant. $10 week; night cook," small
' mining camp, $25 and found; 19 cooks, other,
'places, $35 to $60 and found;. waiter for Ne-
' ' vada • 5 - waiters, other • places : laundryman,
country ¦ laundry.' $15 ;week; elevator boy;
- kitchen help and dishwashers. : MURRAY &
'.. READY.' 634-63R Clay st. ¦ ¦ - •
A— CELLAR man' with city experience, for
¦ wine house here,' $15 to $18* a week. W. D.
'.EWER & CO.. 610 Clay, st. .. y
AT W D EWER & CO.'S, 610 day at.
- Blacksmith . and shoe .......:. $50 aftd board
' Carriage painter -......<... . '. .... $2 50 a day
*-. Butcher and slaughterer.; .". ...$3O and found
: Man for grafting vines rr. ..... . ;v. .*:..... .
German farmer, and wife for vineyard.... $40
; Man ; about : place and wife .............. $40
" Farmer . and wife, near, city . . ; :". ......... $40
- Gardener. , country. ..r.' . : .'....": ."'". .$35
, "2 plow hands for vineyard CTT:'.'. :.'.'."..... $25
'3 milkers ! for ¦ Oregon, fare raid : .$30
.'• ' Milker ¦ for : Oakland AiT^iV. .V.*".":": ..... ...'.$30
- , Milker. .Tehama County .$30
-Eastern farmerand;mllkj'.*V."'."'.~r;' l ;7."..;$25
Cook.- boarding-house '..'. ;¦.....'..;.'....... .$33
," German t farmer for' vineyard ... ....... .'.$20
Buttermaker - and '. milk • . .". .:... ::. . : : . .;..$35
r. -2- woodchpppers;,'. ;:,r. .:.:... ...$1 50 a cord'
;_- Woodsmen:and sawmill men. .. :.*.¦"......*.;..:
ANDRE' 8/ office,**; 316 .; Stockton v s st.— Butler.'-
-" city," $40 ; 1 butler,-- country;- $50 ; ¦ gardener ¦ and :
; . do chores - '$25; 2 waiters, , $40. and $35; young:
" ¦ man for country^ restaurant.' $20; second cook.;
¦; $50 ; ', third ¦ cook.". $35 ; ¦ dishwasher, ¦ $25 p elder-
ly man to run elevator, 4 $25,t etc. : - . ,\ * ..
WANTED— Horseshoer i and , blacksmith : steady
V Job to ; the ; right* man. .^Apply.'.to F. 'M.,- care-
"VWaterhouse &;L$ster,"f to-day.-, t .-.. •• .-
;WANTED-AA" : flrst-class 'cleaner, * dry ¦ cleaner
,- and presser; state references and wages. 'Box
t»5. Santa Barbara, Cal; '-'S:.\:
N>ar The Call building
TO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE
Telephone Black 1-8-0-8,
MARION GRIFFIN, 710 Market st., rms, 1-2,
r' MONKY TO J/">AN. 'j
Big trtt list of lodrlng-houses at my office.
All for sale on *any ti*rmr. Please call.
CALL ON •. , ,
A. H..RET8LOKF. Phone John 531.
00*5 Market st,, corner Ellis.
FOR SALE— Hou«« of JO rooms and furnlrh-
inj-«; cheap.-* 449. First st. . ,¦¦'¦"¦". .
IsODGIKG IIOUSHS FOR SAM"— Con
A CANDY etore, manufacturing and icecream
parlors; paper agencies and other side lines;
30 minutes from city; present owner been
there 7 years; best of reason for selling;
$2750. ROHLFS CO., 41 Third st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st'
A — SALOON en Third st, close to Market; 2
years' lease: fine fixtures: $1000 stock; good
reason selling; $2750. Rohlfs Co., 41 Third st.
MRS. LA VON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c and COc. 704 Howard, cor. .3d.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c, cents 50: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant card reader; past,
present, future; L. 25c, G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
MRS. JACQUE, trance, sittings & palmistry
$1; card reading, 25c & 50c. 309 5th st, r. 12.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near 6th; open Sun.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .•¦MONDAY,' MARCH IT, 1902:
9
YOUNG LadlesMnstitute'No. 7— Sisters: You
are hereby* notified to attend a month's
-mind mass, Tuesday morning, March IS, at
- 8 o'clock. . at St. Joseph's • Church, for , our
deceased member. Mrs. Lena Hoffman.
v - KATHRYN BURKE. Pres.
ELLA BARRETT. Rec. Sec
¦corner - Twenty-fourth, thence to St. An-
y thony's Church. Army street, near ¦ Folsom,
, f or .- aervices. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
' tery. - -
WILKIE-^n. board steamship Anchoria, at
Glasgow, . Scotland. . February 22. 1902., John
George, eldest son of the late Rev. Jonn
Wilkle, minister of Holytown. Scotland.
ELLIS. 321 (Moiart)— Nicely furnished -rooms.
35c. $1 60 night; |1 50, $6 wk. ; open all night.
CLIFFORD; 204 Ellis, cor.' Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.;
ELLIS," 1104 — Elegant sunny unfurnished
• room. ' '¦: ¦ -• • -
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 483— Several' well furnished rooms to
let. -' - ' ¦¦ :' ¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦• -v ¦'. ;,,- . -.- . .
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges; 8utt,slngle;elevat.
HOWARD, C40— New house; free gas; running
water; from II 25 week and up.
LARKIN, US— Elegantly furnished rooms; en
suite or single.
JESSIE., 363. near Fifth __ and Market— Fur-
nished rooms. $4 and $5. ' '. , : .
LILY ave., 131, near Octavia— Nice sunny fur-
nished hair room suitable for gentleman; rent
.reasonable. ' , - V" .
WANTED— 1C0 acres or more general farming
land within 6 miles of railroad. O. R. W..
room 60. Brooklyn Hotel : no agents.
PROPERTY WANTED.
PROPOSALS.
MASON. 502 — Front sunny outside rooms,
down. town, $2 CO a week.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths ;newly furnished single room*.
MINNA, CC7, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
¦ window room: $1 per week; transient. -
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market — Nicely fur-
nished rooms; (2 a week up; 85c a day up.
EOYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to 1 1 50; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
THE coming of the Santa Fe Railroad to Oak-
land offers a splendid opportunity for Invest-
ments in Oakland and Berkeley property.
Apply at once to RICHARD J. MONTGOM-
ERY, afternoons, at 11 ¦ Montgomery st.. San
Francisco. . -
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents collected. •
JOSEPH STRAUB. . '
850 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177. ¦
R«al Estate Agent. . .
LO'FARRELL. -20 1 - Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator, elec. lights; day. week,' mo.
AN elejjant modern cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; sunny side street; San Jose., near
Valley, bet. 28th and 29th; Guerrero-street
cars pass door; appreciated If Been; lot
25x100. ¦ . . . ' . :
SHERMAN Apartment House.' 28 Eighth st..
- near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
PAGE, 1324 — Bay-window room overlooking
Park. Panhandle; private family. ; v.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
FOR sale cheap — Now 6-room house: 25- De
Long ave.. bet. Waller and Frederick sts. :
easy terms; 2 mantels and electric fixtures.
$6500 — FELL, to rear street; house and flats,
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 640 Market Bt.
$5500 MUST be paid: $3000 cash only; rents
$(W. Apply on premises. 2fi23 Sutter st. <
TWELFTH. Ill — Large sunny front room, com-
fortably furn; phone, bath; prlv. fam. ; reas.
TURK, 545— Pleasant sunny furnished room;
gas, bath. ' phone. • ¦
SUTTER, 717— Furnished double ptwlors sult-
; able for offices. ¦ '¦ .. .
CHEAPEST'and best in America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
T'nlted States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY— For Sale
Vendome, • 1104 Market— Changed hands; newly
-renovated: turn, suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.
VALENCIA. 1122— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; new flat; dinner If desired; gentlemen
preferred.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office, 2200 FHlmore.
A BRANCH of nee for Call advertisements and;
subscriptions has. been established .at 109U
Valencia st. . -
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A CHICKEN and hog ranch, near county line;
land and Improvements cost over $1000: will
sell for half, easy payments; complete: make
money. Business Board of Trade. 320 Pine.
FOR sale — 80 acres, near Santa Rosa;, rough
land; warm belt; $15 per acre. Box 44S8,
Call office.
MEREDITH. 218 Turk— Sunny front | rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
- first-class board: reasonable ;phone South 829.
CO-OPERATIVE homes. Nos. 2 and 3. for
self-respecting-, low-salaried . working girls.
$2 CO per week, board and lodging; refer-
ences. Call at or address MISS FLORA
BOLLINGER, 645 Folsom st.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, 'peach and prun*
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HiSALY & CARR. 6 Eddy st.
Santa Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER, WHITTON A
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market, S. F., & San J.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
JOHNSON. The. 608 O'Farrell— Nice home;
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
VAN NESS. 619— Handsome furnished sunny
suites.- tingle 'rooms;, first-class table board.
FULTON. 25 — Room s with or without boacd
for gentleman. ¦ '.' ¦ ¦ . : *
VAN NESS. 015 — Large sunny rm; grate; run,
water; couple, 1 $45—3 suit, terms; ex. board,
NIARA. 615 Taylor — Sunny, front and back
suites: excellent board: terms reasonable. ..
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
-,'¦ family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
ALAMEDA elegantly furnished residence T of 9
large. - sunny rooms, northwest corner, 1837
Clinton ave.. cor. Lafayette st.. Narrow
Gauge Chestnut-at. station, from April 1
for summer months or longer. Apply at
premises.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
YOUNG working man wishes room and board
In a nice private family; close to town. Ad-
dress J. J. REID, 737% Howard st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
2 SUNNY furnished rooms suitable for 2 gen-
tlemen or desirable for light housekeeping.
" Box 3G65. Call office. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BEKINS Van and S\orage Co.. 630 Market st.:
tel. Main 1840: shipping at cut rates.
GOLDEN WEST Storage -Warehouse, 840 Mla-
Blon st. ; tel. Howard 041J F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.;
of Hce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
STORAGE ; AND WAREHOUSES.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
PACIFIC Storage : and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore at.: phone Jackson 2S1.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath:"hlKh base-
ment: easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
HKRKELEY REAL , ESTATE.
BOWEN— In. this city, March 12. 1902,- to the
. wife of-. Ernest E. Bowen, a son. . .
KAHN — In this : cl ty,' March „ 14, 1002, to • the
wife of Julius Kahn, a son.
Birth, marriage and- death . notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication of noes and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. -¦
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS.
OAKLAND/ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
Telephone | Bush 367.
Mt ' OHyet Cemetery,
., /NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916V Market Street.'
NowiOccup^Their^Own Building; ,
CHAS. H: J^TRUMAN & CO.,
¦ .-Funeral "Directors ; and Krnbalmers.'
1908 Mission street.* between 15th ' and 16th.
. .... Telephone . Mission : 100.^
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; ebtlmate free. 200 Eansome.
Formerly J. with s McGinn t Bros:, ' has . opened
new ' Funeral Parlors : at . 214 : Eddy at., bet.
Taylor; and 'Jones.' 'Telephone South 570. -t
TVPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREATJBARGAINS IN TTPETVRI?ERS^We
- sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The .Typewriter
Exchange. B30 California; telephone Main 206.
FOR ft. S. NAVY YARD AND» VAILEJO,
-Steamers: GEN. FRISBIE or HONTICELLO..
-9:45 a. m..- 3:15 and 8:30 p. m., except Suru-
day.v Sunday. 9:45 a:- m.; 8:30 p. m. -Leaves
Vallejo'7-a.. m... 12:30 noon, 6 -p.\ m.; except
Sunday.' Sunday. .7 a. m.; 4:15 p.m. Fare 50
cents. ; , Telephone ' Main 1508." - Landing • and
office. ' pier 2.", Mission-street ; dock. : HATCH
BROS. ;
BAY- AND BIVEB : STEAMEBS
Samuel I McFadden. 18 years manager ' for
the United Undertakers' Association; M.'J.
McBrearty.* with' the. same r company for 18
years ; ! P.* J?V- Green," late with : J. ; C. ( O'Con-
nor & ' Co.'.r have opened ' new ; Funeral | Par-
lors at-1171 Mission street/ between Seventh
and >, Eighth." Telephona South -44.-V
NEW FIRNi;OF^UNDERTAKERS^
ALL" kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144,- 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES. AND; SUPPLIES.
ALL. kinds bought.- sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard ."204. - 145 8ixth.
. SPECIAL KOTICES.;
BAD tenants ejected for $4;' collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. 5580.
_E-_-X3 SI'AIl _-XX«__.
NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS.
Haverford.Mar 20, noon Southwark. Apr. 0. noon
Frlesland.:Apr. "J, noon Vatrrland. Apr. lft,noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
Chas. : D. Taylor. -- G. A.< P.- C..- 30 Montg'my.
• . 'a.m_!-u:c ajv iiiirEi.
NEW YORK— SOUTH AMPTON— LONDON.
Phlladel..Mar.2n,10am St. Louis. Apr. 0. 10 am
St. Paul.Apr. 2. 10 am Phlladel.Apr. 10, 10 am
LOOK THIS UP TO-DAY. - . . . • ; .
, • Pretty homes, new and modern, * ¦ five -' to
eight . rooms, with every convenience; latest
style plumbing; lots 40 feet front (or more.
If desired); lawns; stone walks ami street
. work complete; moderate prices', and easy
terms. Vacant 40-foot lots \ ?800 to $1000;
very desirable lnevery respect: near? school
and churches and : two. electric, lines; - ele-
, vated ground: Merrimac or Twenty-eighth
Ft.; between - Telegraph ave. ¦ and Grove ¦ st.
See W. T. HARRIS, on • the premises • or
GEO. W. AUSTIN. 4G0 Tenth St., Oakland. ¦ :
THE coming of the Santa' Fe Railroad io' <5ak-
.;. land offers a' splendid opportunity for lnvest-
; merits : in'. Oakland and , Berkeley -' property.'
•¦'•"• Apply at once to RICHARD J. MONTGOM-
ERY, afternoons,. at 11" Montgomery st.. Ban
1 Francisco, v .. ¦ : ¦ V, t ~
OAKLAND FDRMTliaE FOR I' S ALK. n ;
FURNITURJB good and cheap this month. H.
SCRKLLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st.: Oakland. 4 -
y :-¦¦'. . . ¦ lost..
LOST — Sunday, on road," . < upper ' Frultvale,
child's overcoat,- silver changer .."A.; C. ¦ Jr."
¦ A. CLEMENT. Morton sta., Alajneda; reward.
OFFICE of C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks,
W«h., March 14. 1002.— Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
m-. April 14. 1902. for furnishing fuel at
military poets In this ¦ department for fiscal
year commencing July 1. 1802. ' Information
furnished here or by quartermasters at posts.
U. ¦ S. reserve right to reject or accept any
or all proposals or any part thereof. Envel-
opes containing proposals should b« marked:
"PropoMl* for 'Fuel at ."addressed J.
W. JACOBS. C. Q M.
. First claas to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class ao Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY, FOR UNITED « STATES and CAN-
ADA.-. 32 -Broadway (Hudson building). New
;York. t J. F. < FUGAZI , & CO.. ':> Pacific . Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold. by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
COMFAOHI- OEN-BALE TRANSATLINTIQU..
DIRECT LINK TO HAVRE-PARIS. _ fr _w_
Sailing every Thursday, instead of —WSTyrS.
Saturday,"at 10 a. m.. from pier, 42. •SB—BBS*
North River, foot ; of Morton street. . :
HENRY J. CALLACHER CO.
t£ucce«sor to Flannaean &' Gallagher.) ' -
¦ V ¦ .* . :> DANIEL P.- DONOVAN. Mn.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND _M_A-M_Aa.
* 20 Fifth Bt.. opposite Lincoln School
- ' ¦: Telephone South SO. . r- t •.¦
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
""*" rLocafl Llm'd I Ovrl'd Local
I Dally | Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:19 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p l:SOa »:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
' " Hanford. . 3:12p 3:2T p 8:06*
" Visalla... 3:aap 5:0Oa.......
— " Bakersfld. 6:13 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p| 9:C0p
a for morning, "p for afternoon.
9:00 — . m. train la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local flrgt-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:C5 a.m. dally.
4 :20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. dally.
8 p m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper*) and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno,
Corresponding train arrives at 6:Cu p, m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. la Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8 :40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. ¦
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTfi PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San RafasL
WEEK DATS — 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:33.
3:30, 8:10 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — E_tr*
trip at ll":30 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trip*
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. «_'-_„'
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 8:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
0:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to Pan Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10. T:50. 9:20, 11:10 «, m.;
12:45. 3:40, 6:15 . 'p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra
trips at 1:65 and 6:35 p. m.
! SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:06. 0:23 p. m. ¦
¦ Leave I In Effect I Arrive
• San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 190l| San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I J Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination [ days. | Days.
7 :30am 8:00am Novato. 10:40am 8:40ain
3:30pm 9:30am PetaJuma. 6:06pm 10:23am
B:10pm 6:00pm Santa Roaa. 7:36pm 8:20pm
rulton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
5:00pm Healdaburg. 10:40am
- . Lytton,
Oeyservllle,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 6:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7 -30am ' 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3 :30pm 5:00pm 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8 :40am
and
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30aml 8:00am| • ll0:40am|10:25_m
3:30pm| 5:00pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35pm[ B:20yin
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tor Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fultan
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyservDIe for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncati
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. CarU-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, SaratOK-
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs! • Upper Lake, Pomo. Pottsr Valley,'
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln HelshtB. Hullvlile, Orr'a Hot Springs.
Mendoc'.no City. Fort Bragg. West port. U— iZ.
Wlllits Laytonvllle, Cummins. BcITs Srrln_j.
Harris." OUen's.' Dyer. Scotia and F.urcA.
Saturday to Monday round-trlu ticket* at in-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates 3C9t»%_SS«nS
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chrunlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. ¦. Agt. ¦'
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
L^ave • Via Snusalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran." Foot of Market St. S_n Fran.
Week Sun- _,„, _ ,^._ -n ___. Sun- Week"
J&ol __>__ JSXZZZXZ *__. i-s
9-30 A. 8:00a. ,_,_ _ XM 1.00 r. 1>:45 a,
1:45 r. KhOOx. <-*_,!__,_,___ 3:00 p. SAO r.
_15 r. 11:30*. __'^_r__^_r H :25 r - *»!*
- r_>. s_ rn_i_* •> s__ut ui b_»t». ji-«.
. f_utoacM, —1 _ _ -ura it_ux _« a~2s__ n> mn
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispeusary,
C20 KEARJiY ST. Estsblbtird
hi 1S34 for the tr«-utm<-n t nf !'riv»t«
:>U«*Hxeit. l^tNt _ t-ituiMitl. T>»'l>l:l ty vt
rtl.vaat* wearing on body wml mimi ai cl
Sktn Disenses. The Doctor cores wiirri
others fall. Try him. I'bargrs low.
<'nm caaranlrrd. C-lloiT*rtl_
i £_r. _. St. HlUBOX. «iu» -Tanc-co. CaJL .
. ¦-....;.. Saturday, March 29,^2 p. m.
J. 0. SPHECXEIS _ BROS. CO., Gsnera. Igujts. 327 Hartsc St
Gin'l PasasngBP OtSts, 1(3 Mark.t St. Pitf la. 7. PadSe !t
....;......... Saturday. March 29. 10 a. m.
SS. T ALAMEDA.- for Honolulu
occanics.5xo, SSH
SS. for Honolulu. Samoa. • Auck-
land and Sydney .".Thurs.,- March 20 10 a. m.
88. ¦ AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti. . . . ... .-. .
GEORGE W. AUSTIN
460 Tenth Bt; near Broadway. Oakland.
$1400— Close to San Pablo ave. : house of 7
rooms and bath; all ; In first-class condition-
street work all done; easy terms can be ar-
ranged. --,/r, ..;.;: . ; ._.
$2250 and $3850 — Two fine homes of 6 and S
rooms; lots 29x100 and 46x100; Nos. 674 and
676 33d Bt., near Grove: choice location; all
modern; open, sloping lawns; bandy to school
churches and cars. . . -• • -
j- $1000— Cozy cottage of 5 rooms: hot and cold
water; hall; porcelain sink, etc.; newly painted
and papered; sunny, side; street work and
walks complete; near cars and school; terms If
desired: No. 1743 Filbert st..- near 26th; go and
Bee It to-day; owner will be there.
BUY BEFORE THE! RISE.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. March 15. 1902.
Sealed proposals. In triplicate. ¦ will be re-
ceived at this office until II a. m., Mondaj-
April 14. 1002. and then opened for "Doing
all the Printing, and furnishing all ma-
terial therefor, that may be req'ulred at
Headquarters Department of California, dur-
ing the fiscal year ending June 30. 1903 "
Preference ' will , be given to articles 'of do-
mestic production or manufacture, conditions
of quality and price (Including In the price
of foreign productions > or manufacture ¦ the
duty thereon) being equal. The United
States reserves the right. to reject or accept
any or all proposals In whole or In part.
Information furnished , on application to un-
dersigned. Envelopes containing proposals
•should be marked "Proposals for Printing,','
and addressed to D. D. WHEELER, Deputy
Quartermaster General, U. S. Army)" Chief
Ouartermaster. . •¦ ' ¦¦¦'•¦
* tt_TFrlends and ' acquaintances are ."respect-*
fully Invited to ; attend 1 the ; funeral - to-day
(Monday),-" at V 8:30 o'clock,! from 3 the .resi-
dence, " 42:! i Eleventh ¦ avenue, thence "¦ to Star
of thfctSea 1 Church, * ; where a ¦ requiem • high
mass 3 will ? be celebrated : f or., the * repose of
his j soul, * commencinsr,' at r .O . o'clock, . Inter-
ment Holy Cross 'Cemetery ,i"
::.:- -(_~ Notice "of -funeral •hereafter. .-• ;
DAVIS— In this ; city,;. March ' 10, - 1902, • Lena
¦ Davis, beloved ' mother.; of ; Mrs. - Laura Bar-
nett- and;PhiIllD Davis, a native of Posen
.'-. Germany, » aged ; 88 years and 3 months
DEERING— In this clty.> March '' 16, 1902 at
Our Ladlea' Home. 33 Rlncon ) place , Mar-
; garet : Deerlng.i a " native : of ; Ireland, aged ' SO
'„. years.' V';i-. *'>¦¦: V". • ' ,¦ ' .¦•-.-.„ ¦.•¦•.¦ ,•,.•
DENNY— In Stockton, • March .14. 1902, ¦ Joseph
;. P., con of. the late Timothy and Mary Denn>
' and brother > of -William " J. aud - Thomas F*-
~" Denny, I Mrs." I..S O'Malley, , Mrs. 4 "w. : Wright
- and r the. late. Charles A. Denny,. a native of
" Ean Francisco. :.--': , <• : ¦ ¦ ; _•¦„- ;-,«,
\ - ICT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited I to attend' the funeral | Tuesday
March 18. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, : 158 Casselli avenue, near Douglass
' street.' between Eighteenth , and Nineteenth,
' thence to the Church of the Holy , Redeemer,
Diamond - street, • near 1 Eighteenth.: where •" a
: requiem high mass.wlll.be celebrated for. the
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock
:' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.- . -¦¦
COHEN— In this city.' March 16, 1902. Han-"
¦ ¦ nah ; Cohen." beloved : mother of Lyon Cohen
Mm. P. Greenbergand Mrs. ; c. de Sllvay n
¦native cf Poland, aged 82 years. -. • (Syracuse
. N. T Y.;, papers 'please: copy.);;; - •., .-'
BERKKNKOPF— In this city, March 15, 1002,
Annie, beloved 1 wife -.of Henry Berkenkopf,
- devoted mother of Annie and Agnes Berken-
kopf, and daughter of Mrs. Cordes of Marsh-
field, Or.,' a native of Oregon, aged 34 year*
. 1 month and '15 .-days.' (Marshfield, Or..rpa-
pers Tleaae copy.) - - T*^rTT>Tr*li|>|)ftB|iiMli/M
.. ¦-_:/;... DIED.
.Berkenkopf, Annie Leslie. Sophia
Cohen. | Hannah ¦ ' Levy, Eva ¦ •
Davis, Lena .'. Lochhead. John
Deering, - ¦ Margaret " ¦ Luhman. Edward ¦ J
Denny, ; Joseph P. Martens. Catherine.
Dooley. John J. - . ' . McCormack J ¦ J -
Flood, Cora . • McGrath,- John
Flynn, -May Richardson. Annltt
Handley, Margaret 'Soderman. Hilda".
Harwood, Jane E. <¦'- ¦ Staude, Henry .A \
Herrlck. . Edward M. Trainer. Gertrude
Hlldebrandt. Dora' .' Wegrlch, Maria R.
Hughes, .Margaret . Wilkle. . John- G.
Jacobson. Henrietta
NEW. 5-room cottage; bath, mantel, - basement;
Bewered; corner lot, ,40x100; Golden. Gate.
$1700 — $500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
sewered; lot 50x130; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train. . •¦ .
- $1750— $500 cash balance flat loan. Pacific
Home Building: Company, 39 Nevada block,
Kan Francisco. ¦ .• - ' .
CHEAPEST and beet In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, sent to any adrireps In the
United States or Canada one year for $t.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRXNCISCO-
Email . tracts." $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cot— tl. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, a*
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; , location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and Information. . ;<_
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Office of the
Veterans' Home of California, room 13, 32(1
Eansome «_. Sao Francisco, Cal. — Under and
in pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
buildlcs for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountvllle. Napa County, Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
26. 1001. Statutes 11)01. page 823). and in
accordance with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans" Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' ¦ Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for
sealed proposals for furnishing the materials
end performing the labor for the erection
and construction of said hospital building. At
the said Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County, in accordance with the plans, de-
scriptions, bills and specifications prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil, archi-
tect: and that contracts based upon such
bealed proposals will be let, made and en-
tered into; said plans, descriptions, bills and
fpeciflcatlons can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 0 a. m. and 5 o'clock p.
. m. of each and every business day. from
the date hereof to the date j of said contract
or contracts, at the of_ce of the said di-
rectors «f said Veterans' Home, room 13,
820 Sansome St.. San Francisco. Cal
Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered into as herein-
above set forth, for each of the following
parts of said building, erection or structure,
including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, -as required by an
act entitled "An act to reeulate contract-
on behalf of the State In relation to erection
of buil— Ingrs" (approved March 23. 1876.
. Statutes 1SIB-6.. page 427). , and .the acts
amendatory thereof, that Is to say for the
following parts, namely: »
, First, for the masonry work. Including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
- trie and Rlazlne work. , t
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, for the heating work. J • "
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
Elating work, and
Sixth, for the painting and graining
Bald work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and specifications. Including the
furnishing- of materials and the necessary
labor thereror.
¦ The work Is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of said Veterans' Home acting
for and on the behalf of Its said board of
directors. _
A eeparate contract will be let for as many
different kinds of work as are hereinabove
Epecified. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unless accompanied with a coo<J
and sufficient bond of Bald proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if eaid proposal or bid shall be accepted the
party proposing or bidding will duly enter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
hi* or their contract or contracts In accord
an.ee with said proposal or bid. and the plans
descriptions, bills and specifications, which
are hereby made a part of this notice and
of any contract to be let hereafter
Said sealed, bids or proposals must be de-
livered to the said directors of the VaWnn.'
Home of California, or to the secretary thire
of. at the office of said directors room 11*
320 Sanisomo et.. In the city and' coUnty of
San Francisco. State > of California, on Sr
before the hour of 1:30 p. m. of the twenty-
eecond day of March, 1902. which is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
Bald sealed bids or proposals will be opened
by the said directors of the said Veterans'
Home, and said contracts let and made
If «.n the opinion of eald board of director*
of the said Veterans' Home the acceptance
.of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposal.)
Ehall not be for.tfce best Interests of tha
Btate. said board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any of said bids or pro-
posals opened as In their opinion may be for
the best Interests of- the State, under and in
accordance with and a* provided by the term,
of section 4 of the said act entitled "An
act to resrulate contracts on • behalf - of S«
State in relation to erection of buildings"
(approved March 23. 1876, ' Statutes 1875-6
page 427), or to reject any or all of B ald
sealed bids cr proposals.
For further information and particulars
bidding contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of paid board
of directors, as hereinabove set forth
By order of the board of directors of the
Veterans' Home of California.
J. J. SCOVILLE. , Secretary. '
Dated February 10. 1902. *
HHYSICIAXS AND SURGEONS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no p*y until cured;
no operation: no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 ffurk.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and re*idenoe.
1021% Market st. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
A— DR. OLIVE <JRUVER. Jady physician and
curceon. at 1122 Market e_: hours 10 to 8.
CHEAPEST HOMES IN SAN FRA"NCISCO.
' Why? Owners must sell. Cottage of 6
rooms and summer kitchen, chicken houses,
barn and stables; two lots. 25x100 each; only
$900; ?400 cash, balance as monthly rent.
Lovely cottage of 4 rooms, chicken houses,
etc.: 2 large lots, 25x125 each; near cars; will
sell for value of the- lots.
Four large lots ready for building; adjoining
lots sold for $150 each; will sell these for $90
each. • .
If you have bargains In property to sell, or
wish to purchase, call or write to
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa Ft.. Ocean View.
DR. LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
hg«t r.;rn onr». 2T>c: all rirur-tsts.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 60; dress pants. *2 30.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
'alASQUERADE costumes play books wigs-
country order*. GOLDSTEIN _ CO.* 733 Mkt!
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUKE
Instartly; 10c ana 25c. All druggists.
ALFRKDCJ1S Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric neodle.Dr._Mr«.Traverse,1170 Market.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
_ moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
BUSH," C65— Large room, nicely furnishea; run-
ntng water; one or two , gentlemen. •'
CALIFORNIA. 826— Sunny suite or 'single
room; prtvate family; references." . .
CHESTNUT. 282, corner Dupont — Sunny fur-
nished healthy rooms./ " • ;.
Electris & *!ectrlc-llght ball's, massage, hot air
treatment for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary, r.27.
ASH BURY, 220 — Sunny furnished . rooms: In
I private modern home: half-block '.from park.
. RAILWAY TEA VEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFiq.
Train loitir natal »r» alia* •<• nrrll* -t
(Main Line. Foor. of Market Street)
tKAV- — Fro* February 9. 1X3 — arkitv
?:OOa Benldv Sulauu. Klmli- and 8acr»-
infiutn fi:."J.1»
":OOa V»c*tille. Winters. Rimitjay ~:i3>
7l3«« M»rtinn*,S.iiil::i:i...n. Vuliejo. Nups.
CniMiKKAumlM'.iiia Urnm ffiS5f>
8:0«A D»rl«. \VootIla:>(I..KiiigtiU Lumllng.
Mucyarille. 4>r»fill« 7:3*»
R:OA* A Mantle Kipresa)— O^ileu a_«l Kuk N:"-3.«
*»«»»A NHea. L athmp. Stcckton ?:_¦>•¦
»:«>O.v Nil.-*. M^.ui,,t_ Uanford. V!s_K
PocJtr»i!lf. .. «:33»
8:3(# a Sh.i*r« Kxprrss— Omln. WlllUms (fot
KuiUett SjirliifrsJ. Willows. Its I
Bluff. Portl»ti«l 7«»5»
• t_n* K*n Jose. Litennors, Stticktrui.
lone. H»i:r»ni(iin,i. n»ci-r»llia,
SlxryntilU. Chic... Ita.l ItlulT -tiZ.1*
»:»«* Oakdalt*. Chinese, Honor*. Tuolumna 4:-.tr
»:»«« H»F«r»rU. Klh-saud Way Suitoua.. I ItO-a
IMIOa Vslli Jo ; l%:2-f
UsOUA Los Anestei Eztwess — tlarttnex,
Tr»cy, Latlirnp. Ktocktou. Merced
Kremio antl _ os Aosxles 7:3.1 4
»aot V«iI..J,., Martlunz auit Way Hlatlcnt ?«»_»
I Oi«xi a Tha O*etlaiHi IJitiiud— Oedso. L'ea<
»er, Omaha. Cbics3'i fti-3»
1 1 :«»« r S»cr»iin-nl . > Iflt ¦* Ht-e* nirtn f 1 1 1U uy
SiUUr lletilclA, Winter*. rtaerawtmto.
, WmiillaiKl. Kniulils ]-DdluK.
M«r,»«lllr. Odifill* I«.S.1»
ItSOr Ilajward. Nllrs a_il Wmj MUUor.s.. 7:5j»
4iWUp Marllim. Hail lUmoti. Vnlioju.
Napa. <!Klt«t«>Ka. Hanta Rom 923*
4:OOr NUes Lltrrmorfi. Stockton. Lori!... »•-.-)?
4>:t»r lUyward. MI«i>.Haiv.li>!ie. Lirmnor* t!»:S3«
«i-Or Tha Owl LlmlUd Fresno. Tulure.
IlakenBeld, Haugus for Santa. Uar«
¦ ' ' liur», I.o» Anialra S:.1.1»
BioOp Port Costa. Trscy. Lathrop. Stockton 1 !»«25»
Oioop i&Ajtln't, Antiocb, Stockton, Mot-
ced, Fresno l-»_3f
O.imip BaywarU. Nilea and San Joae 7..V.*
fSiOWp Vallelo^ 11:25*
• iO«r Oriental Alall— Ogden, DenTer. -
Omaha. 81 Louli, Clilcngo «:23#
- TiOOr Oregon and Callfoml- Kxiirem.flno.
lamautn. Maryntllla. ICail<lli>(.
I'urtlaiMl. Pngat .Soiinil suit Eatt f <SS_
••••I* San Pablo. Port Coata. Maxtlaea
and Way otallont Ili23*
t»l«»P ValUJn 7l83>
COAST LiINE (Narroir ««¦«•).
. (Fc«> of M»rli«t Street.) x
¦>iaAN«-uk.CeiiUrilll«,HaiiJoia.KKlton.
llouldor Cr»ok,Saata Crux aud Way - •
Htatloua •(-•»
t»t I n r N*wark. CanUrt 111*. Ban Join, Mew
¦ . Almailan, Talton. liouldar Creek.
Santa Urui aad l'rinoipat Way - ' ¦ -
Stotlons l»in»»
4il3r Newark. Han .lose. I-s Gatos tttSO*
«*.Sur Hnntert' Trmlii— S»n Jos* aad War
Sutlotis.. .....: rr.*9»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma sii msciscfr-r** _ _uk«t st««» (sii? ty—
, 17:15 >:Q0 U:00«.H. l:C3 J:03 BilOr.lt.
rri«OlIUll»—ra»UfBm<w«T,— 1«:00 JS;Oa t3;0*
_ 10:00i.-. 12:80 3.03 1:0} r.M.
COAST LINE (Uroail Ga_f«).
Crhlni *>"1 Town.ienJ SU.)
' 61 M»a 8_a Jom and Way NUtlons.. ........ «i4»a
7i00a Hau Jute and Way SUtluna... fSiOO*
/7i«oa New Almadan... / «>1O»
liao_Cosit Una Limited — San Jose,
Gtlroj. Salinas, Bar. Lull Obispo,
SanU Baibara, Lou Angeles and
principal Intermediate lUtlova.... I»i4a»
•••OA Nau Jom. Tras PIdos. Bauta Crns.
,-.¦• PaelKo Unxa, HaUnas. San Lois
Obispo and Prindpal intenna— l_ta
• ¦ Mtatlotia «ill»t>
l*tS«A Ban Jom and Way SUUons.... ...... ¦(>•_
I IfSOA Man .loae and Way Htatious Bj *•»
fili-ISr Stu Mateo, Kedwood, Menln Park;
Palo Alto, Han ta Clara, San Jo**, -
. Tres Plooa, Santa Crux, Salliiai,
< Monterey ami I'aclllo (iroTo ||Oi43_
«:3Or Man Joto and Way SUlloin. ¦•-•»
M:I»r San Jowan.l Prlt.cipaJ WayHUUnns ••-•*
4iO»r Snnwt IJmttod— Moodaya, Wednca.
days, Friday*, for Lo» Ancelea, El
Paso. N«- Orleans and New York.
. ArrlTet Baadaja. Tuesdays tod
. Thursdaji I»il3»
fSiOSr San Joae, Los Gatos aad Principal
Way Station* 1»i«O»
llHf San Jose aud Prinolpal Way Station* •<SOy>
•i»«p Stn Joirand Way Htatlotia 7«H»»
TrvOr Ne» Orleans Izpr«_»— Baa __a
# Obispo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
. reles, D~tnlof, SI Paso, New Or-
leans and Saul Us***
fH|4»P 3an Joia and Way Station 7itO»
A for Moruiiif. X* t or A f tnraooa.
f Rnnday «ze«|itad. t *nnda» only.
--atordaT golT. / Tuesdijs aad. TtJ&»fK_
Pacific Coast Steamship Co
. FOR— —
LEAVE SEATTLE-
SENATOR JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE 7"
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 81, re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th»
new and elegant steamships Senator and State
of California made regular trips to Nome last
year. . landing all passengers and freight with-
out loss, mishap or delay. For passenger rates
apply, Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery st.
(Palace Hotel). .
GOODALL. PERKINS _ CO., Genl. Agents,
10 Market at. San Francisco.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. 6. Argyll calls Tuesday, - Mar. 18
S. S. Leelanaw calls Monday, Mar. 24
8. 8. Argyll «a!U Tuesday. April 29
* -i: From. Sea Wall, : Section l, - at 2 p. m.'
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
. F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PANAMA R. R, S S ;
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 8, pier. 10, 12 m. . • ."
COLOMBIA ..March 29 [GUATEMALA .Apr. —
TUCAPEL ....April 19 Ia STEAMER
These steamers are built expressly. for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. SIC California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana ds Vapores
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m,,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No . cargo received on board on day oX
calling. -/¦-¦¦- t '-*¦ . . .
SS. AMERICA MARU.
.Friday. March 21st. 1902
BS. HONGKONG MARU
Tuesday. April 15th. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU. . . .Friday. May 9th. 1002
Round-trip tickets > at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market street, comer First. ¦ . ._¦¦-
v .^- - W. H. AVERT. General Arent.
OR. &N- CO.
O_niy _i«_au— _ _ X_t_» X>ln* ««_
LOWEST KATES.
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
polnta East. Through Tickets to all
points, «M rail or steamship «nd rail, at
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLDDE BERT a »ni ME AL5-
SS. COLUMBIA" 8all». . .Mar. 14. 24. April 3. 13
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
....... .............. .Mar; 19. 29. April g. 18
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen, Agt.. 1 Mon_ f y, 8.F.
DOOLEY— In this cityi. March 15, 1902, V John
'; •" J., > beloved • son of Patrick and the ' late, Mar-
earet \ Dooley, * and ; brother -of - Thomas and
James . Dooley/ a ; native of ; San ;. Francisco.
.. aged; 30 years • and 3 months. >
• 0_fThe ¦ funeral : will "¦ take place Monday,
March 17, 1002. from the parlors of G. Iao-
1 . chtrl, ' G20 Broadway, atl2:30 o'clock, thence
¦ to '. St. ' Francis : Church ;. f ory services. ¦ , Inter-'
¦i menl -Holy. Cross ' Cemetery. /.-.."
FLOOD— In .this city. March 15, .1902. Cora.
' beloved - wife r of ¦ John A. Flood, and ¦ mother
¦¦ of i Christopher, .- Frank and " JosLe . Flood, a
¦;< native of Sacramento, ased 42 . years and 3
months.-- •_¦•. / ¦ ' - ' -. ¦
FLYNN— In this city. March • 15. 1902, . May
i" Flynn; .beloved : daughter of ¦ Edward and
: Mary - La-wton,' ' and . sister , of John . J. and
James .T.-.Flynn and 'Annie' and Eddie Law-
. ton, 1 a native ;. of - San - Francisco, aged ' 25
; years : 6. months and 2 '¦ days.- .
(C7 Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend" the funeral services
' 'to-day (Monday),* at a 9:30 /o'clock, at the
residence of her mother, '2110 Bryant 'street,
¦'• thence to '¦ St. : Charles . Borromeo's Church,
where) a solemn reaulem-high mass will be
.'celebrated for -the repose of . her soul, '. coni-
: mencing at 10 o'dlock. Interment Holy Cross
•Cemetery. . -" ' .'. |
OFFICERS ' aThd members of .Yosemlte Parlor
No : 83". ; N. • D. G. W.— You are hereby noti-
fied to assemble at above address at 9 o'clock
to attend the funeral of our deceased sister.
Mary Flynn.. : '.' ' '
. LORETTA LAMBURTH. ¦ President. .
'¦:. BUS1E . KALTHOFF, : Secretary. :
HANDLEY— In this city, March 15,1902. Mar-
garet,' beloved wife of the late Patrick Hand-
' .: ley, and ¦ stepmother., of c Mary and Katie
Handley/a native of Limerick. Ireland. . v-
0— ''Friends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited - to attend < the ¦ funeral . to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from her late
¦ residence, ,.7% Isla street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church for services. Interment Holy
.' . Cross. Cemetery. ' .-.
HARWOOD— In this city, March 16, 1902. Jane
S Elizabeth ,Harwood. beloved wife of Charles
J. Harwood/ and mother of Charles A. • an-1
V Eugene . Harwood and Mrs. Rose • C. Keys,
N a native of .Queenstown. New .York,- aged
- (>3 years 4 months and IS days. - .
HERRICK— In Oakland. March 16. .1902, Ed-
ward M. Herrlck. born October 2, 1843. at
Elizabeth, 'New Jersey, husband of Josephine
.Clifton , Herrlck.'.'- and father of Lester and
¦ George A. Herrlck. . • .
(C~ Funeral services at his late residence,
'20S1 Webster street, Oakland, on Tuesday,
March IS. at 12:30 o'clock. Interment pri-
vate. - - ~ . -¦ ¦ - ,.
HILDEBRANDT— In this city, March 14, 1902,
' Dora, beloved wife : of Charles Hlldebrandt,
mother of . Charles H. Hlldebrandt. ; and
grandmother of Dora, Tlllle. Charles 'and
Harry Hildebrandt, a native - of Hanover.
• , Germany, aged 70 years 1 month and : 14
days. (Wheeling, W. - Va., papers please
copy.)
E7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
; (Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1407 Lyon street, between Post • and
Sutter, . thence to Odd FellowB' Cemetery,
' where. the services will bo held at the chapel
of the crematorium. ¦ ¦ ',
HUGHES— In this city, March. 15, 1902, -Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late J. J. Hughes,
mother of Gertrude and Alice Hughes, an.1
' sister of Mrs. Charles Gillette. Mrs. J. Ler-
i men. Acnes J. Conolly and Sister M. Agnes
- of Sisters of Charity, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
JCT" The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late
¦ residence, 609 Ellis street,- thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated' , for the reoose of : her soul at
11 o'clock. Interment private. Please omit
. flowers. ¦-¦ iv- *
JACOBSON— In this city, March 15, 1902,
* Henrietta A. Jacobson. mother of Mrs. A.
G. R. Olson, Mrs. 1<\ Joachlmson and Charlie
and ¦ Axel Anderson, a . native of Sweden,
aged 67 years 2: months and 3 days.
LEVY— In this city, March 15, 1902, Eva
Levy, wife of the late Samuel , Levy. ; anJ
. mother of Morris F. Levy, Sol Levy. Mrs. A.
Cohn, . Mrs. A. ; Marks and: Charles Levy 1 , a
native of .Germany, aged 76 years.
B-^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
< to-day (Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, at her
, late residence, 1227 Geary street. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets. ..
LESLIE— In Oakland, March 15. 1902. Sophia,
wife of James Leslie of Santas Cruz, and
mother of Mary S. Snow, a native of Wales,
• a_ed 75 years. . ¦ .
LOCHHEAD— In this city, March 15. 190_.
.'John Lochhead, beloved • father of Mrs v .W.
H.' Williams and John. Mary, Robert. Jessie
and the late Andrew Lochhead. a native of
• Greenock, Scotland, aged 81 years. -
B_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 9:30- o'clock, from his late
retldence, 553 Minna '¦ street, between Sixth
'and Seventh. , Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
tery.- ¦¦ . ¦ ¦ • ¦ .,
LUHMAN— In this city. March 15. 1002, Ed-
ward J. Luhman Jr.. beloved son of Edward
J. and Katherlne Luhman, . a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year 2 months and 3 days.
(New Orleans and 'New York papers please
copy.) , •
. [C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to. attend- the funeral to-day
'.(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence.
1909 Devisadero street. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. . . .
,MARTENS- In this city. . March. 15,, 1902.
1 Catherine, wife of John Martens, and beloved'
mother of Mrs. ' F. A> N. - Busse and Herman
and George Martens, a native of Barmstadt,
Germany, ased 59 years. . . ,
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2-o' clock, from St. Paul's Ger-
. man Lutheran Church, Eddy and Gough
streets. Interment Odd Fellows' . Cemetery.
McCORMACK— In Oakland. March 16, '1002,
. J. J. McCormack. beloved husband of Sophie
. McCormack, , and devoted father of ' Kath-
¦ ryn, Adelle and Gerald McCormack. a native
' of Prince Edward - Island, aged 45 years.
(T7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.:
. March 18. 1902, - at 0 o'clock, from his late
residence, 055 Thirty-seventh street, thence
to Sacred Heart Church, : where a high
requiem mass will be . celebrated for; the re-
¦ pose of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
McGRATH— In this city, March 15, 1902. John
McGrath, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
ICyThe funeral will take place . to-day
' (Monday), at 11 o'clock, . from the parlors ot
the .United. Undertakers, ¦ 27 and .29 Fifth
street. Interment National Cemetery.
RICHARDSON---In .East Oakland, at East
Thirty-first and Summit' 1 streets, March. 15,
.' 190_.j Annie Medora, wife of D. S.. Richard-
son,- and. mother of Mrs. Helen R. Espy and
Sidney and Ruth.- Richardson, a native of
. Kentucky, . aged 4-1 years.
icy Funeral services to-day (Monday), at'l
o'clock, at her late home, -corner East
. Thirty-first and . Summit streets. East Oak-
land. ¦ Take . Eighth-avenue ; cars at Eighth
and Washlnirton. : '¦ ,
BODERMAN— In this city, March 15. 1902.
, Hilda; -beloved,, wife of Cantain John F.
Soderman, ¦ and i mother of Edwin and Helen
Bodcrman, a native of Sweden, aged 38 years
and n.months.f V . - '.-•.• _ .
[TJ* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
March 17, 1002, /at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence, ,316}i 'Francisco street, near Pow-
ell. .Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.; '^ .
STAUDE — In this city. March 15. < 1902. Henry
A.u-ust : Staude. ' beloved son • of Elisabeth
Staude and the late John Staude. - and brother
of Fred. : John and Charles J. Staude, Mrs.
Louis Weisman and the late Mrs. Annie Ed-
son. a -native of San Francisco, aged 34 years
2 months : and > 3 days.. •'. ¦. :_•
IC7"Friends and acquaintances. are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral : Tuesday,
I March 18. 1902, 'at 2 o'clock sharp, from Ma-
sonic Temple. -northwest corner of .Post and
Montgomery .streets, .where the services will
be held, commencing at 2 o'clock sharp,' un-
der the auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139.
F. and A. M. - Cremation Odd Fellows'
. Cemetery. A member of Independent Rifles
and Alcalde Parlor No. 154, N. S. G. W. :
TRAINER— In this city, March . 15. 1902, Ger-
trude, beloved wife of Thomas" Trainer, and
mother of, William Beach. Mrs. J. T. Miller
' . ' and Mrs. M. • J. * Gorman, a native of New
York, aged 59 years 7 months and 25 days.
([-^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to • attend the funeral to-day
(Monday),, at 1:30 o'clock,- from her late
residence, 047, Minnesota" street, near Twen-
ty-second. :: Interments Mount -Olivet 1 Ceme-
tery, by carriage.' ¦ Kindly 'omit flowers. '
WEGRICH — In v this city, , March 10, ; 1902,
Maria R. 1 WeKrlch, dearly beloved , daughter
of Leo and Theresia >• Wegrlch. and beloved
sister of *Emlly,'. Joaeph, Leo Jr. and Al-
phonse Wegrich,. a native of San Francisco.
. aged 3 years 1- month and 2 days.Hj_n^_gj^«i
• ¦ I&r Friends and > acquatnta noes are ; respect-
¦ .fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
-(Tuesday), at 9:30 'O'clock.- from the * resi-
dence -of her parent-. - 2801 Mission 1 street
Masquerade cofiturr.es at H. Anderson's, theatri-
. cal . costumer;. - 26 O'F_rrell; country orders.
PAPERING room, walls. $150: palntlns. $1:
wbitenlnpr. "5o. Painter. 315 Golden Gate av.
MEN petting shaved without *oap for 15c at
- Russ House Barber Shop. 217 Montgomery st.
A— BRUNSWICK - House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
; 25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
i light housekeeping rooms; open all night, •
A— FREE list furnished rooms to let; ! with or
without board;-; we save .you walking - the
streets. Tourist Renting Bureau. 10 Montg'y.
McDOWELL mlUlncry opening reception Tues.,
March IS to 22; hrs. 9 to 5. 1019 Market St.
'RIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years* experience. J. B. RAY." 457 Minna st.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
¦ sunny ; 75c day. upward ; ¦ rates by : week or
month; McAllister cars to door;' handsomest
? grill room in California attached. ;-.-'¦•-. ¦.*;>;. -
A. S. CHASE. Glimpsie for sale; come and
see me. ' . F..L. M. 8. .".
ROOMS -TOi'LET— Pnrn. ana Unfnrn,
A — IF your hair If falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G P.Mnore.rn2C'Farrell: Fend for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS balr and moles destroyed with
e'.ectric.needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A echocl tiy learn hairdresElns. hair work, man-
: lcurlnp. Manhattan HairvStore, 1702 Market,'
' bet. Pclk and Van Jfess. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
MCALLISTER, > 035 (lower)— Three complete
housekeeping , rooms, $12 50.'. .". •' . '-. ¦ . v-
STOCKTON, -1200— Sunny, single and • double
housekeeping rooms. in a modern house; new
furn.; gas free; gas stove; $5, $0, $3. $10, $12.
LEA VENWORTH, i 1521—2 or S rooms,- furn. or
unfurnished "for. housekpg; no other roomers.
Ulectrolytfc removal cf moles and .superfluous
hair: permanent: • painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C Dudley. 1702 Mkt.
JONES, 706A— A' nice ¦ furnished sunny fron 1
room; ground tloor; rent $3^month.-' j ;.* ,
HOWARD, • 1052A — j Furnished " housekeeping
rooms; also other rooms "with, gas; cheap.';; •
GOLDEN GATE ave.," 1200— Sunny unfurnished
front rooms; also single room, furnished:
GOLDEN GATE ave., 216 — 2 sunny rooms and
r kitchen.'i nicely ~ furnished; . basement. '. '* ;;:*.* -.'¦
FIFTH ¦ 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
necting rooms,' $12: 2,- $12: single; rms.. $4-$7.
ELLIS, 330 — 2 - small sunny .' furnished ' house-
keeping rooms In rear; rent $10.
$3000— Twentieth 1 st. ; 2-story house. 0 rooms
and bath; street work all done; convenient lo-
cation and In'. warm belt.
' $5000 — Gough st. ; large house of 11 rooms
and bath, laundry and basement: street and
sidewalk done; convenient to town. --^ .' . •
$4500 — Octavia St.. near Pacific Heights; 2-
story and basement house; 7 rooms and bath*
very reasonable. ¦• , ¦ ¦
¦• $4500— O'Farrell st.: 25x00; fair ' 2-story
house, 8 rooms and bath. .
$5000— O'Farrell-st. cottage ; 25x120 to rear
street;all street work done: cottages could . b«
moved and Hats built on O'Farrell st.
$uOOO— Webster-st. cottage of 6 rooms, In
fine location; 25 feet front; -cars half block
away; street work done.
$6000 — Oak Bt.. facing Panhandle: 25x137:6:
nne 2-story, attic and basement house: rented
for $10 a month; street bituminized: artificial
stone sidewalk; electric cars passing; ' easy
terms. -
$5250 — Harrison St., near Sixth; .double. 2-
story house. ;
SjoOO — Baker st. ; 2-story house. 10 rooms,
bath; finished basement and attic; near- en-
trance to Panhandle. :
$<000 — Larkln-st. corner; 7 rooms, bath;
pooj residence portion. • -
$7000— Page st.; 29x135; fine 2-story house.
10 rooms; finished basement; bath; street work
done; cars passing. . ¦
_ $7000 — Gough st.. west side; good 2-story
house;- very convenient. ¦'
.o^" 000 — Union at., north side; large lot; 30x
1»U; very good 2-story and . basement house, .7
rooms and bath; also 2-story barn.
$UC75— Green St.; lot 25x137:6;, artistlo 2-
story. bay-window Tiouse, 8 rooms, bath;
street bltuminlzed; artificial stone sidewalk.
$0600— Shotwell st.; 50 feet front; 2-story
and basement . residence. ¦ • ...¦
- $7700— Post St.. north side; very good 2-
story. and basement residence; renting, for $45
a month. . .
$SoOO— Octavia-Kt. corner. In fine portion;
house of 9 rooms, bath; planked basement;
or ' c 2* foundation: all street work done. .
?.S-.>0 — California St.. in good portion; level
,iS c li : 9 "oms and bath; aunny- house;' 27 :Cx
?:>000 — Washington "st..- north side, near a
plaata; 27 :Cxl37:C; built i years: 8 rooms, bath.
ttt^ and has «ment: street work all done. •'.-¦- 1
f iWOO— Post Bt.. , north side; extra large lot:
iinuse ' has i) rooms, bath : conservatory and
."— on the lot; large grounds. ; .
_ 5S(oO — Twenty-fifth-Kt. corner; good 2-story
house: lot 37xl«0. - t .. . .
$S500 — Jackson St.: good 9-room house; rents
& SONS,
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
HOMES IN THE WESTERN. ADDITION.
" MISSION, ETC. ;¦' ¦¦-*.' '
?10,000 — A northwest corner. on Webster st.',
3..x!)<t. with depth of lot on north islde of street,
thereby giving all light* and suo that can be
had. , ;_ ,- / • ...-.•.
— $10.000 — Laguna st.. best portion: 2Gxl30; 2-
story, attic and basement -house/; 12 rooms,
bath: modern plumbing; furnace.-. '
$!)7S0— Jackson st.. north side; 24:0x115; 2-
story. ,8 rooms and bath; $4000 recently spent
on the house; worth $C5 a month If rented.
§a_i0 — Lasuaa st.. in portion; -. Pacific
«elBhts:_-story. with attic and basement; 12
rooms. 2 baths. v ' . - .
THOS. MAOEE
REAL EST ATE_^ciT y~FOn, ?; SALE.
REAL' ESTATE « FOr"sALE~T3Y
AT l^ys than cost, uncalled-for Fulls, overcoat.-,
-nd trouFers at CHARLES LYONS", London
tailor. 721 Market st.
VHITK enamfl Iron beds, single. three-quart»r
c «" double, ?'_• 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
Stockton st;. near nrcadway.
Mrs.'.Brijjgt — Superfluouovhalr. moles destroyed
I'V electric needle 1710 Buchanan; tel. Lar-
»<ln 3171.
PEItSOXALS—Contlnru'il.
COMPARE tny switches with others: I only
keep the hrst; hair for $1- SO. $2. £!:-. liair
aressing. 25c; shampooing 50c: hair dried In
r_ l J^!;^55^__CS. LEDEREK. I2.J Stockton st.
A ~J?;' IIAT »lo ?.cu. think? O. BEItMAX, l.i
Kliljs. makesi colored ehirts to order; $1 each;
?une as white shirts: selection SCO patterns.
MUSICAL INSTRCMEXTJt.
-if. I. must k> without reserve. Sale opens
Monday niominn at S. rtrst callers will get
flr* ct-.«)lce at ir<<) ¦j.lan.r*. fiomt epecial bar- i
i;:i ins :
1 Sosimer $2S
1 Ar.tlscll ¦¦•: : ••: ?-0
1 N«iirr.an <smnll isprichl) $r.\
1-Sliermar. & Hydr • S3."
4 OMckeringn (nmi f IX. to S2ZT,
?. Stein ways from 5l->5 to X:tO5 . |
:{" R<_nea from »1S5 to sr>95 -
SO new upripht ptaaa" exactly th<» Ratue as
ofTercrt n* b_ria_n« hjr others for ?IS-1 «•» will
•ell for $'•>$. Only direct factory represrnta-
t've* on the Pacific Coartl Acents wanted
lven»l"erV HKIXE PIANO CO..
Geary i=t.. opp. l:nlon Square. -
THH S:mpl» pian.i player is the most won-
donul cf a" riar.o players; It plays music
in t=urh a way &' t n captivatf the best
musical pe"! 11 '- l"" ausP ite P''">"ir>5 is not at
¦ I! nwchanlral. the expression b-ing perfect
and tli? n:anirjuUtlon the sinplest. Call and
hesr them play. » n<1 » >Ia y th^m yourself, at
nny time. THE ZEXO MAJJVAIS MUSIC
trd.. 7«3 Market st. V
ALTHOfOH many peemlnply advantageous
pr»;!X)s:tions are offered in the way of prices
nr.il terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that v.-e eon not only duplicate then_ but can
cfter exceptionally fir.«. pianos and largest
nf«ortTncnt of tx-st n:akcs to choose from
SHERMAN". CLAY _ CO.. Steinway. dealers,
cor. Keamy find Putter sts.. S." F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth Ets.. Oakland.
att¥ntion'. -argaix-hunters—
Becnr.d-hand uprljrht pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up. „
Second-har.d organs irom S2G up; new upright
plsno* • from 5175 up. BEXJ. CUUTAZ fc
SOX. 16 to 23 OTarrell. Chlckertng, Mascn
a and Hamlia. Vcse, Sterling pianos.
TNY p:ano cold by us taken back any time
within 2 years ar.i full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knahp, at regular
price; costs you only 2t>e a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'F-rrell ft.; established 1S50.
AUCTION'! AUCTION'. AUCTION'. '
Everjtliing must go; PIANOS are selling
like hot c— kes for ptorafre. $40 un. WIL-
SOXS STORAGE. 1T10 Marklt stT
60HMEH _ CO. pianos: Byron Mauzy pianos;
Lester pianos; Spielmann pianoe; Cecilian
Pl't^ 1 P lano Player; pipe organs. SOS 310,
312 Post st.
SMALL upright. $33; large cabinet grand up-
right. *150; square pianos. ?35 up: A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. J275.
Bowers- _ Sen. 23 Eth st.. Ivers _ Pond agts.
DECKER _ SON. Wisaner aad Baumelster I
pianos, as well as many good second-hand in-
etrv-nents at MAUVAIS 1 . 709 Market Et.
UPRIGHT piano. $100: splendid bargain; best <
renting pianos In city for 93 per month.
SCOTT-CURT AZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
V\'E offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos et
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner gutter and Powell sts. ¦
*CR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values bewt in the city. PIEBCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. l*th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music etore of THE WILEY B.
ALLEN CO.. 1)31 Market et.
ABSOLUTE sacrifice — Beautiful tone h'.gh-grado
upright piano; going East. Sll O'Farrell st.
S LEADING pianos. Steinway. Chickerins
Weber, other ra_kes. at FAY'S. 1729 Mission!
>*VAXTED — Four rood equares for halls.
BYRON MAUZY. 310 Post St.
2 ELECTRIC self -playing pianos; bargains.
BYRON MAUZY. SIO Post St.
BARGAIX. great sacrifice ; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MOVEY TO LOAJf.
A— HESSIAN MUR^H^T^l^eS^Er-miner "_d_
$4.600.»00 at Lowest Rates
On First and Second Mortgages... .
On Life Interests in Estates
Property Being Held In Trust.. >
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Lire Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate:
Financial Problems of all (torts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
6ee HERMAN MURPHY. COl-CCC Examiner.
AA — 3JAXHATTAX LOAN CO. .(Inc.)
fSOO.UCO at 5>i and C per cent in scms to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life Insurance and securl-
tifs; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities Manhattan Loan Co..
Tel. Ited 5024; 7th floor. Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT «; PER CENtI ~
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st.. room 3.........
>ANT proposition, any amount: tf per cent: first.
, second and third mortgsfei. estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room Id.
1st Eoor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st.; phone Red 1003.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846
Market ft. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no'VemovaJ;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBT.
26 Montgomery Et.. room 7. opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent. In sums to suit in city;
$150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R. J. Mercer _ Bon, 412 Pine.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortg-ges and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room 3_
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos ; no removal ; low .rates ; connden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD <\VH»on'B). 1710 Market.
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to talarled
people on tbelr note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON ' furniture, pianos; no removal; money
(jtilck : lowest interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room CS.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party no removal; no commission; connden-
f.al. Room S, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.: private
part^. 6— Ann '» bid-.. 6 Eddy^rm. 72. 4th flr.
IA'0 PER month repays $1000 loan: stop pay-
\:t: rent. MCRDOCK. C14 Pine t.
ON2 per cent en furniture; (5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery tt., r. L
Money loaned calaiMed people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 451 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
tn<Iorger. MORRELL. COP Examiner bldg.
8% CN furniture and pianos; $15 up; no r«-
r-oval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI. fl Eddy.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate; no removal:
rtrtctly prtvate. LICK, lie McAllister st.
IK yon want a. home I will loan you money to
boy It. A. E. RL'DELL. 222 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Tioan Co.. 30fl Ph»lan bide. '-
M^XEY WAXTED.
WA_CT_X> — $1000 on suburban lots; county In-
terot. Box 4486. Call office.
MIXES AXD MIXING.
THE grandest chance ever offered Is now open
for a rood party to act as director In opening
th« "Wabash Mine." near Amador, on mother
lode, near Keystone mine. Room- iCC, annex
to Call. S. F. .\
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
BUNXT offices Just belcw Kearny et.. $10; also
large etore. Keys fe36 Clay st.. room l.
A OIL.
<c/_ tanks. 2nd-nand. In rood order; all sizes;
cheap. H. S. 'WHITE. 130-132 Deale st.
I»_.IXTERS AXD DECORATOItS.
noons papered $3 up; painting: - tinting dene.
H—rt— tan Paint Co.. 819 3d st.: tel. Red 3521.
FIRST-CLASS --ork; low rates; get flgnres. J.
C ROMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTHV.
XRE. E. PEARCE. ecientiflc business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome. 1104 Market
tt. ; hours from 8 a. m. to 10 p.m.-.
MRE. H. EUenwood. ¦cientific palmist and Ufa
re—fling; 9 a_m,,9 p.m. 4S3 Geary, cor. Taylor.
MME. O. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. -700
Pott et.. comer of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JKBOME FOSELLI, ¦cfentlflc palmist. 615
Taylor «t.. bet. Geary and Pout ;tel. Black 5CL
1'KK.SO.VAI^.
_J* elecaat line cf remnants for suits to order,
$1_; with these ruits we make an extra pair
«f pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
r_. between Seventh — nd El£htl__MH_BSKj
WANTED — A man posted on Eastern lumber
_n4 shingle business with $22,000 capital , to
inirchase a complete Khlnglc and finishing
t)l_nt on Humboidt Bay. Address N H
PINE, Eureka. Cal.
WHY guess? You can be certain cf style and
fit by uring Standard Patterns; Auril - pat-
ten— and The _ *esi_ner now ready. J * W.
__EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market] rr.Gth
ELECTRIC »_bt In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third ft., near Market: 700 room*;
253 to $1 U) per night; $1 SO to SO per week;
trwi 'bus and be__3_e to and from the ferry.
ROOMS FOR IIOUSEKEEPIXO.^
CLAY- 1629— 2 nicely; furnished rooms; gas and
bath.* Call 1528 Polk'st.v;. -. v .'".
PPQN iALES
AUCTION !__AUCTION:
Stock of the Flopes
Hale and Company.
By order of MRS. ANAIS • HALE, admlnls.
tratrlx of the estate of JOSEPH P. HALE,
deceased. «; we wl\l sell at auction on Friday.
March 21. 1902, at 12:15 p.,m.. at room 22.
Chronicle building, . fifty-nine thousand nlna
hundred and ninety (59,990) shares of ths cap-
ital stock of the Flores Hale & Company. The
property of the Flores Hale A Company con-
sists of four million (4,000.000) acres of land
In -Lower California/ . -¦
Terms of sale: Ten per. cent on the fall
of the ; hammer, the balance on confirmation
of the. sale by the Superior Court of the city
and county of San Francisco, State ot Califor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale. -
. . McGLYNN & MENTON,
,- Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
Chroniclo Bulging.
•^W I will sell on March 18 at 1140 *v_^
.'^ Folsom St., 11 a. m., my entire *-?*¦
stock of 10 express and peddling wagons, 2
surreys. 7 business buggies. 2 camp wagons, S
carts. 1 . Shetland ' pony and cart. 40 sets of
single and double harness.
£».'- £* £^
JUST ARRIVED, carload of the ' FINEST
WORK, CARRIAGE and DRIVING HORSES
eve», brought to this market, weights from
1 1160 to 1500. all sound and broken. SANTA
CLARA MILK CO.. 721-723 Howard street.
OCEAN TBAVEIu
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co.
|L" - Steamers leave Broadway
»«__ Wharf, San Francisco:
|S£S**_ For Ketchikan. Juneau.
l^^^^iii- Skagway. etc., Alaska-—ll
E§n5ci_2?& a. m.. March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27.
I _^J5?3lV9(l April 1. Change to com-
I IS_ft_*?L«ea1} pany's steamers at Seattle.
J*UUJkJ|&«U • For Victoria, Vancouver.
•*' - Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
-'.'¦:* . ' coma. Everett. New what-
corn-ill a. m.T March 7. 12. 17. 22. 27. April J.
Change at Seattle to this company's ««a m «"
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1 :30 P. m-
March 8. 13. 18. 23., 28. April 2. .
: For San Diego, stopping ,only at^ Sa n j*
Barbara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo
(Los Angeles) — Spokane. Sundays. O. a. m.:
State of California, Wednesdays, ft a. n_
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey; San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Hartora
(San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Ventura.
Hueneme, East San Pedro.. 8an -Pedro and
•Newport (*Bonlta only).
Bonita. & a. m.. March T. 15. 23. SI. April 8.
Coos Bay. 9 a. m.. March 19, 27. April 4.
For Knsenada, Magd-lena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altaia. La Pas. Santa Rosa-
lla and Guaymas (Mez.)— 10 a. m., ?tb ot each
month. -\.>
For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or
sailing dates. ¦¦ ¦- - ¦
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
TURK, :* 130— A , neatly „. furnished \ room ; for
= housekeeping: : :-"-"• '¦¦'': ¦'¦''¦ ¦-¦-.¦- :' ¦-..;':¦'.¦ .
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13C4) — Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.MUSICIAN WHO HAS CHARGE OF THE . LARGEST CHOIR IN THE
WORLD AND FOUR OF THE PRINCIPAL. MEMBERS OF THE DELE
GATION OF MORMON DISCIPLES NOW VISITING SAN FRANCISCO.
The thousands who filled the -building
ir- the evening' were ¦ well . rewarded . for
Metropolitan Temple was, crowded to
the doors in the morning and at the even-
Ing service it was estimated ihat 2000 peo
ple were turned away from tne building.
Those who came out 1 of curiosity and ex
pected to see in the representatives of the
Mormon church something out of the or
dinary were disappointed. On-the-plat
form they saw rows - of. .fashionably
dressed women, endowed with good looks,
and lines . of . . stalwart and intellectual
men, types of sturdy Western civilization.
The antiquated organ at ¦¦ Metropolitan
Temple was a source of • considerable an
noyance- to Professor Stephens and ,. his
singers. .The instrument leaked air like a
broken-down -'bellowe'- arid. _the ,' leader.. 'of
the Mormon choir, announced that his
soloists could not possibly sing to its ac
companiment, but that the choir would
render numbers in the hope that the noise
of the escaping air might be drowned by
the volume of human voices. •'¦''.'¦'
At. the morning and evening'servlces'ad
dresses were', delivered by -Dr. James E.
Talmage, an elder of the church and-pro
fessor of geology in the Utah- State Uni
versity: •-*;"•": . ¦¦. ¦ '¦ \ ' - '¦••-•¦ ¦';¦ ' . '¦ - '¦:'¦
Dr.Talmage read the thirteen articles
of faith of the Church of the Latter Day
Saints at the morning service . and deliv
ered a short address. in expounding them.
A: number of- hymns were sung, by, the
choir at the close- of, the ; service.
p— HAT San Francisco Is In . need of
1 1 .7 a properly equipped auditorium
I building- was , shown j yesterday
II when ' thousands were unable to
.gain admission to Metrpolltan
Temple to listen to the religious services
of the members \ of ' the Mormon church
and the singing of a portion of the famous
choir of the Salt Lake Tabernacle.,
The intention of Professor Evan Steph
ens, the Jeader of the choir, 'was to. give
a number of concerts" in this city, but the
Idea was " abandoned when • it - was found
that a suitable auditorium was not avail
able. ¦ • ' ¦ ¦ ¦ " • - .;': • :¦ "¦¦- '/. ¦ ' -.- —¦¦
In order that the public ; of San ; Fran
cisco" might at least. have an opportunity
of listening to the representatives of the
largest. choir in the world, it was arrangeu
that selections should be rendered at the
morning and evening services held in the
Metropolitan Temple on the Sabbath day.
Although the members of the choir, 150
In number, and the 400 friends who ac
companied them bad arrived late on Sat
urday night, they were up at an early
hour yesterday and the\ spring-like ' day
was enjoyed by trips ¦ to the park and
beach before the. morning service and dur
ing the afternoon. / : : • ,
Thousands Are Attracted.^
I< Business • men : are : satisfied when • they
lunch at Cafe' Zlnkand. •- • J
1" Trapper* c Oil cures rheumatism and neuralela,'-
Druggists, COc flaek. Richard ' & ' Co.; 403 , Clay.
' : -._,- ....„¦ , v . .... .¦-......:.., . ..». i . i ,i;i»i,iti.v i
I ;.The - Metropolitan;, Life p has'- ordered /"of
Patrick & r Co. ,^221'; Sa'nsomei street, '< manu
facturers of 'metal "signs, a nickeled brass
sign, ,7&x3 feet, with : etched I raised letters
and. satim finished? background; belngr the
largest metal sign over made west of Chi
cago.; ¦* .•¦:-¦¦;•¦•¦¦-• ' ¦-;•¦ ¦¦ -• -• ¦}:"^^' .»-¦¦
I/argest Metal "Sign Made.
tSUEZ,' March ,16. —The -canal Is at pres
ent ;*f blocked ; by the . British : petroleum
steamers iNerite,, from '-Marseilles Febru
ary ¦ 24, and Bulysses. from » Constantino
ple February: 24 for : Port Said:. The - for
mer ; is g on ; flre and the , latter is ¦ ashore
and -abandoned. .These : steamers belong
to 5 the Shell Transport and' Trading Con- •
pany.'-Ldmlted; of l London. -A The Nerite is
of '. 4803 ; and , the ; Bulysses is '. of j 6069 gross
tons ¦ register: , - • r, • ,V
One Steamer Burning; Another Ashore
> Special -evangelistic :) services ; for "young
men will' be conducted' at the Young Men's
Christian .'Association,' Mason :~ and • Ellis
streets, every, night this .week at 8 o'clock.
Frank ;W.' Smith will give short addresses
each evening/. preceded by a song service:
The se meetings -will, be free ; to; all men. .
Services for Yottng Men.
. Harry { Smith, - the - former . : bellboy* at
the Hotel • Richelieu , on r"Van Ness : avenue!
who ; was ? arrested j Saturday" night jby.^De
tective T.B. Gibson on suspicion 'of 'being
implicated ; in • the t theft ;.¦ of about \- $1000
worth of jewelry , belonging , to Mrs. -Julius
Kruttschnitf Thursday . evening.j was £ re
leased ¦ from ; . custody ' yesterday 4 afternoon.
There was no < evidence i on \. which
to.hold him.: The^only!fact*against^nim
was that ; he t was , seen near; the 'hotel .' on
the evening of the burglary." -,Two. others
who . were arrested on suspicion '.were • also
released. '• •-'¦•..; '¦;¦$ . ¦' ; ,','; •''.v'--":-: "t--.*'--
No Evidence Against Smith.
S. H. & • M. on the Back
Of any; skirt binding stands for style and
best quality. < Buy that binding and ' you
will be satisfied. . '. : ; •
, Ralph Reugg, a boy. aged 14 years, re
siding at 676 Castro street, while , on his
•way. . to j church at 7 o'clock ; yesterday
morning, • fell ' from his bicj-cle ¦, at the
crossing -of ' Fourteenth ; and Market
streets, . receiving a fracture of the skull
The ~ boy was removed to the • ¦ General
Emergency Hospital, where . Drs. Bunnell
; and ' Leonard . performed ••' an* ¦ operation
That portion of the . skull over < the left
i frontal 1 bone was trephined and the de
pressed 8 portion ¦'; removed,, after which
Reugg regained consciousness. -"His in
juries are > not ; considered . fatal.
Skull . Fractured , by. ai Fall.
Gately' Not Yet Arrested.
, Surprise is being' felt;, at.; the .inaction
of the /. police ". in?, not '» arresting;- v James
Gately, proprietor of y the. ' Potrero \ Hotel,'
and McBride and Murphy, 'two! of. 1 ; hfs
boarders; for. whose, arrest warrants were
issued last Monday for battery "on com
plaint of Hugh Jennings and John Mul
len. Mullen and Jennings '¦¦ are : boarders
with W. Kruger, a rival < hotelkeeper.^ at
the Potrero,' and. they were arrested "on
complaint of Gately, but . their | cases {.were
dismissed by Judge Mogan 'Thursday, be
cause Gately . refused to prosecute.; .Ap
plication ; was made ; to ? Judge <- Cabaniss
immediately afterward for- the withdrawn
al of the warrants for the arrest- of Gate-'
ly, McBride and" 1 Murphy, : but : the ' Judge
refused to grant the request arid •' the war
rants have, not! yet been?,served;r It i3
said that ; Gately is a ;\ close ; political
friend of Phil : Crimmins.- ,- •' •. -
;'An 'action for* damages has; been insti
tuted,by the- Rainier beer agents of this
clty^ ;" against - the 1 ; Los /Angeles ' Brewing
Company, for Imitation of trade-mark and
label;' the label' now. being .'used by .» the
Lqs Angeles [people In the endeavor to in
troduce, their.beer". being an 1 exact:imita
tion," with the- exception' of wording, : of
the label used by the Rainier beer people,
andiit. is alleged in , the complaint that
the*. said label is ; being, used by. .the Los
Angeles. Brewing ..'¦ Company's .. agents to
deceive the public. Y.>- ¦ , -
Cl It certainly: is 1 laughable s that a brew
ery,-just, about '.to introduce Its; product
in, a 1 . new 7 field," 1 should resort to such tac
tics, as-by imitating in this manner, they
are but ' admitting the inferiority , of . their
goods : and ; advertising the | product which
they are. imitating; as a r superior article. :
¦• Any . article '; that is worth imitating Is
certainly in demand and the Los Angeles
Brewing Company,, by '¦' Imitating . the
Rainier, label,' are —advertising
Rainier beer as a: superior article in place
of endeavoring ; to build up 'a name and
a . reputation . for their own goods." Such
tactics .willv not s result -in any ' startling
success.'- ¦•'.¦ .'-•/¦ -..-••._.' ,- c -.
/ Imitation of Label.
j New exclusive designs in oval 'circle* and
square picture frames. Made. In- all sizes,
and perfection of, finish." Small gold ovals,
superbly finished in green and russet gold.
Swell novelties. Also ' Flemish I finishes in
browns,: blacks, -greens and /grays. j r< We
will not fail to please the most fastidlous,>
and no better can be furnished "¦'. at *r any;
price. Sanborn,- Vail & Co.-, 741' Market. ••¦
Ornamental Picture. Frames.
Every effort has been made by the po
lice i to locate the stout, blonde woman
who is acting 'as a decoy for two masked
footpads, but : so far. without "success. It
was thought j that she " was a frequenter
of .the saloon : at Post; and Taylor streets,
where Archie Hutchinson, her latest vic
tim, treated rher to several drinks Friday
night ! before (he .was held up by the. two
masked footpads and robbed, but the pro
prietor declares that he never saw h»»r
there before. . . . :
: Captain Wittman safd yesterday that
he believed the woman and her two male
.friends were J from . the ' East, - probably
from Chicago, where It Is a common prac
.tice ,for a, woman, to. act as a decoy for
footpads, and the detectives - on . the case
are searching for, a woman answering the
description , given "by Hutchinson. | He ! is
a'recent arrival in.this city.
. "Never vin my recollection,'.' said the
Chief yesterday, '"had that, sort of game
been played here . until the soldier was
held -up ,on 'Golden Gate • avenue about
three weeks ago after following a woman
from a concert. hall. I believe she was tho
same woman . who decoyed Hutchinson
Friday night and helped to- rob. him. ,It
just shows that we are becoming a met
.ropolitan city. : Such cases . are frequent
; in Chicago arid; New., York, but they are
new here, and we must do everything w>
can to suppress them." . !<
Susceptible Gentlemen j Into
Hands: of Footpads.
Officers After Woman Who Lures
The wreck and excellent' weather at the
beach worked. in harmony and succeeded
in producing a crowd. ' • ' , ;•' : ' ; ¦• '
The beach from the Cliff House; to. the
wreck was' black with'people, '»• and-' the
various venders ; of enticing; viands ¦ did: a
record-breaking business. ¦-/ ; •¦ ..J- '.'• ' :
. The park was also blessed, with'£,','good
ly portion, of San Francisco's sight-see
ing population. . i ¦'¦.' ¦':',¦.;;.;-;¦ '-'-r ¦¦:':¦¦'
Mounted Policeman M.' J. Greggaris ar
rested George • Johnson, " a machinist, for.
fast driving.' - ¦ / . - v ..;.-¦•-• ; ..:
What was undoubtedly the -.largest
crowd ever seen at the beach was there
yesterday. In the neighborhood . of > 40,000
people must have 'paid fares ori the differ
ent car lines.. The cars running; to "the
b£ach were crowded to the ;roofs -from 9
in the -. morning till after 4 in ; the j even
ing, while it was after 10 in the -evening
before the crowd had . all ' reached .town.:
Every available car in the service, of * the
roads running to the cliff, was i pressed
into, service and then they were | inade
quate to accommodate the vast numbers;
die the Throngs of Sight
seers. : *
Street Car System. Is Unable .to'. San-'
IMMENSE CROWD GATHERS
AT BEACH TO .SEE' WRECK
Superb Singing Wins Plaudits.
Two' 1 hymns were . rendered," . but the
audience clamored for more, and -an .en
core of the: "Soldiers' Chorus", from
The services opened with the . singing
of the hymn, "Hark, Ye ' Mortals," .and
the. Mormon composition,- "O, My
Father," which was taken by Dr. Tal
madge as the text of his address. • •
The speaker impressed the audience by
his fervor and earnestness, and he was
listened to with close attention. He said
that the Mormon church stood for the
fatherhood of God, and that every indi
vidual in the world must stand;responsi
ble for his or her actions, and could ; not
expect forgiveness through divine pardon
alor.e. JHe claimed that the teachings of
his church' stood for the brotherhood, of
man, and that it was the duty of every
one to fully carry out the command,
"Love thy neighbor ' as thyself." -'After
the singing of the hymn, "Praise the Lord
All -Ye Nations," the benediction % was
pronounced.. . ' '- :¦ . ,. ¦ ;
• Professor Stephens announced that; If a
suitable hall could be f.ound s the choir
would be happy to give a number of con
certs in San Francisco, but ; invited; the
audience- to remain arid listen to the sing
ing of a few numbers by the choir. • ¦¦ '.
Sermon by Dr. Talmage.
their patience in waiting for' the doors
to open.. The choir, consisting of forty
live sopranos, thirty-five - contraltos,
thirty tenors and thirty-five: 'bassos,
lacked a few members, who were unable
to gain admission to the building, owing
to the crowded attendance, but they sang
in a manner that won hearty plaudits. -
POHCE AFTER BLONDE
SIREN" WHO ACTS AS DECOY
On . Wednesday the visitors will enjoy
a >bay ride on the ferryboat Oakland as
guests of the Southern Pacific Company.
On Thursday the ; party will visit Pacific
Grove v and Stanford University, at which
latter nlac^ a concert will be given.
Monterey will be visited on Friday and
San . Jose and I Sacramento on. Saturday.
A 'concert will- be given at Sacramento
on Saturday night, after which the
special trains will be boarded for the re
turn trip to Utah. ,
] The visitors will visit the Cliff and Park
to-day. and will see the sights of China
tewn in the < evening. ' To-morrow, a visit
will be- made .to- Berkeley. University on
the invitation of. Professor Benjamin Ide
Wheeler, and. the choir- will sing for the
students. ¦ •¦ - : ¦
Professor • J. J. McClellan, the organi3t
of the Salt Lake- Tabernacle, presided at
the organ. . . , , ..
In response to a general demand for the
choir 'to sing again, Professor Stephens
led the singers in the beautiful composi
tion, ."Utah, We. Love Thee," and again
the audience wildly clamored for another
number. As the hour was la^te, the choir
sang "America," in which the audience
Joined,* and brought the proceedings to a
close. .•¦¦:' -¦;.", ¦ ¦ •- ¦ . • ¦.'¦
Little Millie Williams, eight years old;
a member of the juvenile choir of 1500
of the Salt Lake Tabernacle, sang "The
Holy City," and was rewarded with a
volume of cheering. The child possesses
a powerful voice and is undoubtedly a
prodigy. ; _ ;. ¦•- . ,. . .
"Faust*' displayed the superb training of
the - singers and gave an idea of what
could be expected from the full strength
of the organization.
The deceased leaves, a wife' and two
children, residing at 223 Potrero avenue.
His brother is an unmarried , man em
ployed as a coal shoveler ' by - the South
ern Pacific, and resides with his sisters
at 53GVi Ninth street. : Both Cahill and
Daniel McCarthy- were locked up last
night and their names placed on the det
inue book, pending the investigation.
There -' were several people ¦¦> who -wit
nessed l the occurrence, and 1 they .will be
called on to-day to see if they can Identi
fy either, of; the arrested men as the one
who is responsible- for the death.
So firmly -was it wedged in among the
network of braces and levers that it took
ten minutes to extricate it.': ¦ it was taken
to the Morgue and a . preliminary exam
ination showed- a fractured skull, severe
lacerations of the face and body and frac
ture of both legs. '.
Policeman .Tracy was the, first officer
on the scene and with the assistance of
others removed the body from beneath
the car and carried it: to the sidewalk.. -
Tom Qulnn, the saloonkeeper, says that
Daniel McCarthy went . out of the saloon
at the same time as his brother and Ca
hill. 9 He does „ not remember Cahill com
ing back and making the remark attrib
uted to him by McCarthy. In" the saloon
at the time tlie trouble started were three
other men — John Dunlay, Guy "Ward and
C. Gorman: These men are friends of
Cahill, according;to the latter's statement,
and it 'is possible that; one of them may
have been the man who the gripman says
ran from the corner and struck the fleeing
man down. The police propose to investi
gate thoroughly what part, if any; the
three took, in the trouble. /.
Three Other Men Were Near.
I was the gripman on car 10,' which ran over
a man at the intersection of Ninth andFol
som streets. My car was northbound and . as
it approached Folsom • street J I saw two men
run out ¦ from the northeast corner and cross
the track. One of them was evidently being
pursued by the other. The pursued man turned
at the crossing and ran back across the Ninth-
Btreet tracks. Just as he had cleared the
tracks in front of the car a third man rushed
out ftpm the northeast corner of the intersec
tion and dealt him a blow. He fell' back -di
rectly-under the moving car. I at once ap
plied the brakes ¦ and stopped the car
live feet of the spot where he Had been struck,
but when we reached the body life was appar
ently extinct. One of the men who was pur
suing the victim ran down Ninth r street, while
the other started south on Folsom. ¦ I did not
watch how far. they went, because my atten
tion was directed toward ¦ extricating , the ¦ body
from beneath the dummy. I think I would be
able to ¦ recognize that man who delivered the
blow, but I am not . certain. ,
It is evident from the statements of
other witnesses that both principals in
the i affair • are concealing their real . par
ticipation in it. J. Hudspeath, who lives
at 106 Ninth street, is the gripman on the
car which crushed out the life of Eugene
McCarthy. He'was taken to the Hall of
Justice and released upon depositing $50
cash bail, and while there made the fol
lowing statement: , * . .
Pursuing Men Ban Away.
Daniel' McCarthy asserts he : never left
the saloon until after he was informed
that his brother's body was beneath the
car. He said the first information he had
that his brother had met with injury was
when Cahill re-entered the saloon with
his coat oft and said:, v "I gave that fellow
what he was looking: for."
Cahill .said he never, left the northeast
corner of Folsom and- Ninth streets dur
ing the altercation, and hence could not
have been- the man that delivered the
blow which 'sent Eugene McCarthy to his
death. ' . . -
Both Cahill and Dan McCarthy . admit
that they were righting. This is corrobo
rated by Tom Qulnn, a- saloon-keeper at
1300 Foisom. street, where- the. trouble
originated. Quinn says he ordered the
men out of nls place and they all lett.
Several minutes afterward he heard that
Kugene McCarthy had been killed by a
street car. He that no blows wer%
struck In the tfiloon, but the three men
were on the verge of lighting when he
compelled them to go into the street.
As soon as'the iniormation of the fatal
row • reached police . headquarters Detec
tives Crockett, Regan and O'Connell were
detailed to bring in Dan McCarthy and
Cahill. They had considerable difficulty
in locating their men. Cahill was found
in bed at his room at 1050 Howard street
and McCarthy at Ninth and Braunan
streets. When brought into the Central
station both showed marks of having
been engaged in . a right. McCarthy's
nose ' was , bruised » and swollen ¦ and Ca
hlll's clothes were torn. Both were some
what under the influence of llQUor, Mc-
Carthy being the more intoxicated of the
two. They told diametrically opposite
Btories of the part they had taken in the
affair.. Cahill admitted that he had be
come involved in a right with Daniel Mc-
Carthy i outside of the saloon. He said
he managed to get away and went back
Into the place. The first he knew about
Eugene McCarthy, being hurt was when
the latter' s brother came into the saloon
and said: "If my brother dies, I will kill
you." ' i
Admit They Were Fighting.
'. Eugene McCarthy, a sober, Industrious
and well-behaved "young man of 26 year a,
and I who ¦ for the j last seven, years has
been, a' driver of tire engine No.'7 on Six
teenth street, was killed last night about
8:30 o'clock by , a Ninth-street car. He
was the victim of a drunken row between
his dissolute brother, Daniel,- and a man
named John Cahill, • a 'car-repairer em
ployetlby, the aouthern Facliic Company
in the" 'iwenty-eignth-street yards.
Exactly now .tAigene AicCartny was
knocKed -beneath the car' to be ground
and mangiea almost beyond human re
semblance coulu not be learned' from the
conflicting ' • statements of the principals
concernea in the attair.. Both Daniel Mc-
Carthy ana Cahill deny -.that they;,were
responsible : for. the mow that 'sent the
viciim under the wheels of the fast-mov
ing car. The gripman of the car, J.
Hudspeath, says tnat -Eugene was ' run
ning, away trom one man . when another
rusned'.-up : to nim and struck ¦ him. He
fell back on the tracks and before the
lever could be reversed and the brakes
applied the dummy had passed over the
boay, dragging it several feet.
His Brother Daniel and John Cahill,
With Whom He Quarreled, Are
Arrested Pending an In- -
\ ; . ., vestigation.
by a Blow.
May Have . Been Sent Down
in Front of/ the Vehicle
Car Kills Him.
Eugene McCarthy Runs
From Assailant and
MEETS WITH
DEATH UNDER
IRON WHEELS
SINGERS OF MORMON CHURCH
GIVE DELIGHT TO THOUSANDS
Portion :of the; Famous Choir of Salt Lake: GityTabem
Part in the and Evening
Temple of i^wo Vast Public Gatherings
BOILERMAKERS
CLOSE STRIKE
Claim an Increase Over
the Former Rate of
Daily Pay. /
Last of Iron Trades Unions
Decide to Settle All
Differences. •
The last of the unions connected with
the Iron Trades Council have settled their
differences with the employers, and the
members will return to work to-day, or
as soon as places can be found. When a
majority of the unions represented in the
Iron Trades Council voted to declare the
rtrike off and return to work, the Boiler
makers' and Iron Ship Builders' Union
and their subsidiary branch, the Helpers'
Union, held out.
On Wednesday a committee from the
Boilermakers' Union called upon Henry
T. Scott, and, after a long conference, it
was agreed that the men should work
ten hours per day as before. The. men
say an advance of 5 cents an hour, or
BO cents per day, was granted them.
Mr. Scott said, however, '.that lie
would not treat with the men as rep
resentatives of the union, but would treat
with them individually and employ as
many as he could find places for at those
rates.
Business Agent Gildea reported the mat
ter back to the union, and was instructed
to call upon Scott again on Friday. They
had a long conversation, but neither
would disclose the result or the terms of
the agreement. The bollermakers heard
from Gildea on Saturday night, and the
union then formally declared the strike
off.
Similar action was taken by the Boiler
makers' Helpers on Thursday night, and
a number of them went to work the fol
lowing aay. Both sides claim that neither
cave in and that the settlement is really
a compromise.
In all about 300 men are affected by this
action. Work has 01 late been piling up
in all the large shipyards, and full crews,
It is said, will be employed at once. The
men are jubilant at the ending of their
long struggle, and the increase in daily
pay.
Xxonholm's Friend Was Thirsty.
\\ illiam Ivronholrn. a fruit salesman,
ar.d a friend called at the City Prison
yesterday afternoon to see Thomas Klnt?,
who was under arrest for petty larceny.
They had packages of fruit and cakes
for King:, but he told Kronholm hi;
•wanted a drink badly and Kronholm left
and returned -with a flask of whisky. Of
ficer T. F. Burke, the keyman at the
prison, suspected what Kronholm had
been after and searched him, finding thw
flask of whisky, which Kronholm ad
mitted he* was to give to King. Kron
holm. to his surprise, was booked on a
charge of "taking whisky into the City
Prison." # •
THE? SAJST FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH; 17^1902.
10
B An establishment de- B
m voted to the making o! B
g Spectacles and Eye- 1 1
Wl Glasses. Factory on ffl
@ premises *••*•»*•"* ts
— — . — — ¦
purr nnvni M orner F ° urui ***
uftrt nulftL|f-gHaS
yalUti cbecktd tn«
FOR OVER SIXTVv YEARS
AN OLD' AND WELL-TRIED ; REMEDY.
MRS. ;WiNSLOVV3 SOOTHING SYRUP
has been used for over SIXTY YEARS bv
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN"
WHILB TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES th« CHILD SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and Is the best ¦ remedy tpt DIAR-
RHOEA. Bold by Druggist* In every part of
the world. B« sure and ask for
MRS.. WINSLOWS hOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottle.
PICK-UPS!
FOR E00N0MI0AL HOUSEKEBPBRS.
TO-DAYvTUESDAYjndWEDNESDAY
BUTTER, Very Best-:..:... : . :per square 45o
This Vis ; one of • the ¦ finest • creameries.
Money, back of this brand.
E6G3-:. 1 .: :¦..: :V;''.Vv. :*. ..:.:: :2 dox. 35c
• The" extra fancy. onis.Y '
SUGAR .v: 1 ". \ ".'¦: vV. ; . . •. . . ;: : .'^Zi lbs $1.00
The. finest dry. granulated. •'¦': ¦ ¦ ¦ '
' Pure c«ne only. • Full weight guaranteed.
FLOUR . . . - -. ....... . . . 50-lb sack 85o
This Is made from ; the ' best -wheat."' .We
' guarantee this to make good white bread.
YUCO : : . . . . ....;. . '.-. \ : :V. ¦: yji\ packajjr s 25c
A. ereat' breakfast food... Sterilized' and
, sealed .while hot.- . Reg. 10c r pkg.
COFFEE ."*. .;.".>:_.-: .;-. 1. ;'. :::/::. '.psr 3b 25o
Best Java and 'Mocha.' If you want some-
thing good try this. ¦
C030A, ; GMrardelli's .'. . ... . . : K-lb can 20o
The contents will make 32 cups. Reg 25c.
PORK & BEANS, with Tomato Ssuo, cm V.o
Large 3-lb can. •'. A* delicious -combination.
¦ Reg.; 20c. • v: , ," ¦-.'• . . • / v
OYSTEas/thelOo sis: ... . . . doz?n.90o
Quality guaranteed. -Nlc* size for small
.family.'-, l'dozen limit. - . 'y: ¦
S0UP3. v . ;-: . ¦ ; : ;. ., : . ; . .... • : 4 car's 25c
Kapp &' Street's • extra quality.' "¦ While' the
supply lasts. "We: guarantee, them.
SARDINES," Genuine 'PrenohZ/.'.'.'t 3'0'a'ni 25o
¦ \i Put up. In the best oil. '.Nice for. luncheon.
SALMON; Ohoicj Bed .i:...: . :':'.:. :.3 cans^Sc
The latest Alaska pack. A reg.712&c brand.
All we. ask Is a trial- order. We: know we
,c*n please you. . ¦ ,* .--. . , . , .. :
T. H. CORCORAN & CO;,
12O1 yalencla\Street.
'I Phone Mission 9. ' SEL • cor. « 2Cd. :
tjQLDBERQ
¦BDWEN
St CO*
Monday Tuesday Wednesday j
Butter
Fancy creamery— 2 squares g cc
new grass flavor— last week 55c sq *J
M u s h r o o m s
F. Lecourt— fine quality —
reg'ly 25c can— small tender buttons
Ma c a r o n i
La Favorita— also spaghetti vermi-
celli letters and numbers — ? 4 „ occ
reg'ly 15c— 1 lb pekg 3 for Z5
Corn
¦ * > .
• Sweet— tCTdef^JgfS • , former
reg'ly ioc can J
¦:: : ';.C O f f e e
Pasha blend— reg'ly 35c lb— 2 Ib s
Crescent blend— reg'ly 25c lb— 2 OC
C o c o a n u t
Scheppe— desiccated— ..
regl'y 30c lb— fresh stock— 2 'bs c
P i in i e n t o's
Spanish red peppers— * for n cr
serve in salad— 3
reg'ly 15c— 25c can— 2OC
B u c k w heat
Pennsylvania wheat— hot cakes '(
with Hazen's maple syrup— < oc
reg |y 75c 10 lb sack
A 1 m b n d s
Fancy California— shelled— o nc -
«g'iy35clb . »> ut
Ma yon a i s e
Sierra Madre — $» ¦'-
piquant salad dressing — O r/>
reg'ly 30c bottle— ' ,¦ "^>
F 1 o we r s e e d s
Bowen's— endless variety — .
Special-f- ¦ : • 7 5c pkgs 1 cc
It pays to cultivate the best— J
T q i 1 e t pap e r
Reposa— large rolls — .
reg'ly $1.50 dozen— "pl'lO.
1 o oth. b r u s h
Kent's best grade—
reg'ly 40c, . 30c
0 OLD BERG*
BDWEN
¦ Can he d fruit
Alcalde— selected quality In r
rich syrup— all but cherries 3 ror 5 OC
and berries— reg'ly 20c 2K-lb can
Castile soap
French— white— lots of lather— .
reg'ly 30c large bar — r i 5 c
Succotash
Sea Foam— 2 cans 25c
reg'ly $1.65 doz— doz % I 25
Ma c k e r el
Like young chicken meat— ?*'l •'-;
reg'ly 12-lb kit $2 ko-^ $2 2O
3X — heads and tails off — 1 • ;,
Whisky %h\
Old Stock bourbon — Don't be <i jr
without a little good whisky— 3
reg'ly $x 50 bottle ; $6 gallon— 4 5°
D C L Whisky
Highland Club-Scotch ) "^ "Tgi
Killycroy-Irish i star J $I °° 85C
Caledonian— Scotch 1 35 $1 15
• 12-year-old Scotch 1 50 1 20
B r a n d y
California— reg'ly : 5i bottle; 7 cr <1 .
$4 gallon— pure good / o » *\>
E v a r a r d Be cr
Delightful-mild- pJnts x ,-
Canada malt lager — ¦ .*'• OO
reg'ly $1 55 doz, $2 35 doz Quarts 1 10
Vista del Valle
wi n e s
Remember your relatives and friends In
the East — now is just the time
«zty spec'k)
Sauterne-plaln $5 50 case r doz. qts. $4 521
" 650 " 2 doz. pts. 500^
Claret La Rose 5 co '* j doz. qts. 375
" " 000 "2 doz. pts. 450
Potato flour
Fecuie de pomme de terre— A f or n z m-
reg'ly ioc % lb pekg *. r M *
432 Pino 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Straats, Oakland
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
-w~~-v~>~~. —^ . — . ...^
NAPKIN^SALE
the nast week we have receiyed a vero
large importation of BLEACHED DAMASK
TABLE NAPKINS, and will of fa? all this week
some extraordinaru values in these goods.
ONE LOT
300 Dozen BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS,
8 different designs.... Price $2.00 Dozen
ONE LOT
200 Dozen BLEACHED DINNER NAPKINS
in 10 veru handsome designs..
-Price $2.50 Dozen
one LOT
450 Dozen BLEACHED SATIN DAMASK
NAPKINS ¦ beautiful designs and extra
large size • • • • • Price $3.00 Dozen
one lqt v^
275 Dozen DOUBLE DAMASK NAPKINS.
BV These measure 24 and 26 inches sguare-...
.'........ Price $3.50 Dozen
ONE LOT :>
150 Dozen FINE SATIN DAMASK NAPKINS,.
; % extra size and Yeru handsome designs ••?.••
• .......Price $4.50 Dozen
The afcoYe Napkins are Irom Tour of the leading Irish
manufacturers, are all warranted pure linen, and
most of the designs we can match In either Table Linen
or Table Cloths.
EXTRA SPECIAL.
75 pieces CURTAIN DRAPERY -MUSLIN/SB
inches wide and assorted patterns- •.•••• ••
. . . . . — Price 10c Yard
MAIL ORDERS promptly and carefully executed and samoles
3 forwarded free to any address.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
110 FOURTH STREET.
TELEPHONE HOWARD 10S6.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday
GROCERY SPECIALS.
NO LIQUORS.
4 Cans Baltimore Oysters * 25c
Reg. 10c can.
1 lbs Eastern Boneless Codfish 25c
Reg. 10c lb.
Choice Creamery Butter, per sq 40c
Reg. 45c.
2 Packages Grapa-Nu'.s 25c
Reg. 15c packaga.
Home-made Jellies, 16-oz jar 10c
Reg. 20c. . .
Maple Syrup, per can 20c
Reg. 25c.
24 lbs Best Granulated Sugar $1.00
3 cans Red Salmon ' 25c
Eastern Sugar-Cured Hams, lb I2&
Country orders solicited. Freight paid on all
orders of $5.00 for 100 miles.
THEWRDNG GLASSES
WILL RCTN THE STRONGEST ETES.
A WARNING.
MR. GEORGE MA YERLE. the German .ex-
pert optician, who ha* been established at
3OT1 MARKET ST. nearly 5 yeans, is In no
way connected with a party calling themselx-es
Mayerie & Ca Remember. GEORGE MAT-
KKI.E has not moved. He Is still at 1071
MARKET.
An eye with a crown on every ¦window.
Entrance 1071.
CUT THIS OUT. .
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BLOOD, LIVER.IUNGS.
jOB3l I iq ¦ gtK Ammunition and Sporting
g I I I ft 8 t " Goode- Larger t Stock. Low-
! m I i E\l V> * Et Prices. Until close of
III lfcS»» hunting seaecn will offer
UUI1U g»s « "SSL prtc ~
BHHEVE 4BAEBERC0.,
739 M t-rket 8t m< SU g« t rny gt ,
1A/. X. HESS,-
K0TABT PUBLIO AKD ATTOERIT-IT-Llir.
Ttntb Floox. Room 1015. Claui Spreckels Bid*.
_ • 0 Telephone Main 883.
Residence, S21 California Bt., below Powell.
Recldence Telephone. James . 1601.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND Pld IRON.
J. C WII SOV fc C1 Battery Street.
J- W- nilJUfl tt |/J.. Telephone Main ISOi.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. BOYES & CO Shlppln* Butcher.. 104
JAJ-UmLJttW CUy. Tel. Main 1334.
OILSi . .,;-.."
RUBRICATING' OILS. LEONARD & ELTJS.
418 Front St.. S. F. Phone Main . 17H>. . -
PRINT INQ. ~~
E.CBUCBES. mi g°t».
PRINTERS.; BOOKBINDERS •
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First street. Ean FrancUcfc