Continued on Page Two.
SclfeVV- wusV shut aut.s.of his
rooiii'ut'} the** VVhiohcstci 4 Hotel
nbout tlint time fonioii-pdyincnt
6f rent/ ajul;his;cfTects were ;hekl
there and' afcjfstill in,thc room ; he
occupied.;.^: After a short time
spent at the •, Stanford' House -on
Sutter street Seifcrt left tlic,city
¦ The Jrrqigumrft leg ; of Selfeju's
builnesBv'jtrfliSflctlons eaniii' to
thy iibtiee'o(Mhe l police lultlilH
eennectlon,^ hut though. \ liig
whs then kiitiwii \w
was not plncdd'undm'fliTest,
i»LBB6: morn Tim city.
Conklin found* that Seifert had
been engaged: as an advertising
solicitor for :,tho ; Fairyland Carni
val and had riot been careful In
turning In 'his ireoolpts; Conklin
also found that a ohook whloh
Soifort' Had, given Him on the
Wostorif ,jNfitlohnl, Bank, was
wqrthiO88rlt bolng.roturnocJiWlth
"no funds" stamped nbrbss It. v
opening the place, although the
stock of perfumery was on hand,
Conklin and.Lestcr bqgan investi
gations. , ;. "
Workmen appeared to ptit In
the fixtures for the now yenturp
and elaborate electric displays
worobargainedfor by Sejfert. As
the days went by and' Seifert
seemed no nearer the point of
1 Shortly , oftqrwnrd 8ol(ert
brought iSninui tolght. withlhor
father, to Conklin nnd liitrodtiuod
thorn. Ho said ho had ongagod
MIbo Sunrlyht (o tontl to tho nor
fiimory ooiiittor and tho unlo of a
flea ox terminator which ho In
tondod to put on the market.
Three weeks beforo the disap
pearance of Nora Fuller Seifert
went to Charles Conklin, the
ticket broken and applied for
space in the storeroom at 710
Market street to start a perfu
mery stand. Conklin asked as to
his financial standing and Seifert
explained that ho had an account
in tho Western National Bank in
tho Flood building, and on this un
(torsimidliui Conklin rcntorl , him
spnoo In tho storeroom. ,
MEETS EMMA SEARIGHT;
.Two hours after Seifert left
Woodland Detective Hamill and
Captain Callundan arrived from
San Francisco and took charge
of the prisorier. They had a war-
GET TIIEIfc MAN.
and the officers there were noti
fied to keep a watch for him. Yes
terday morning Seifert arrived
in Woodland, as had been an
ticipated. He went to Davisville
from San Francisco by an early
train and drove over to Wood
land. He had shaved off hh
mustache arid otherwise altered
his appearance, but was recog
nized by an attorney, who noti
fied the local officers, Word wns
telegraphed to San Francisco,
but in, the meantime Seifert bad
secured n frm>h team and Parted
went. Tlifi local officers look up
the trail and captured him at 12*«
parto, where he had arrived be
fore them and taken refuge in a
vaesnt house. A long search was
n&eiiltAtdil before he was dli*
CflVf*fC 1 (t
C. A. Seifert is an ;¦ apothecary
by and 1 : a solicitor -by
Chief of l 3 ollce Wittinnn was
seen ¦early-. this morning at "hi*
residence and .asked, to make u
ptutenient ofSelfert'fl supposed
(iouiieellpii with the Nora i Fuller
VVi'xsteryi'ibut'i ! lie,- refused, nbse
lutely , ' to ' talk oi 1 to say
wlietliet' r Seifert was suspected of
any more acHotid crime than that
of/ the ¦ charge under which - he is
held. ' • . '.
SEIFERT TAKES ALARM.
and since. then has been a: fugi;
tivc. Two 'weeks ago the infor
mation came to the police which
sccmedfto connect him with the
Nora Fuller mystery, ayd it V is
noteworthy that extraordinary
efforts' were at; once put forth to
apprehend the ex-druggist on the
charge, ¦nominally/ of obtaining
money,- , under. 1 false pretenses,
though if that were the real pur»
pfjs'ci'of tlje clwso'he couldhave
been nrr^fed^U'nny time (luring
.tlic , week flint elnpsed .between
.the'dliuoveFy, nfhla offense \ nnd
hih (IIkIh from, the city,
•^Attention was at once turned
to -Woodland, his former home,
occupation. The nominal charge
for Avhtch Seifert was apprehend
ed is that of obtaining money un
der false pretenses, but the fact
that the complaint in this case
was made months ago, and the*
matter has been .partially' settled,
indicates that;' a graver charge
than inere money matters is be-
; hind the pursuit and arrest of thjs
man, .
( i iSelfert was 1 formerly a 'resident
of -Woodland, but hna been liv«
Ing in^Sari .Frandseo for three
months past. Cerinin clrcifni
stances emne tothe notice of the
police two weeks ago that
seemed to connect him with the
mysterimii crime in" the Suiter
street • House, nnd tie was'shad*
owed i by, detectives. Last Ttutft*
i (iayiDeteetlve 1 tfamill gained en
tfance to SeifertV rooni tit the
Stanford House on Sutter street
aiul was examining the 'lodger's
effects when Seifert came in. He
disappearedat once, and a search
of thetcity failed* to locate him.
STRONG EVIDENCE IMiP-W'B&WWiSSItSSWR OF POLICE
CONNECTING SUSPECT WITH NORA FULLER'S DISAPPEARANCE
ELEANOR HAUDE FULLER, "WHO WAS LURED TO DEATH WHILE SEEKING EMPLOYMENT.
When Seifert was searched by tho constables a marked clip
ping of a San Francisco newspaper relating to tho Stanford House
on Sutter street, and tho suspicion that Seifert had stopped there
under the name of Pearce, was found in his pocket. .
Detective Callundan of tho Morso Afienoy and Dotootivo Hamill
cf tho local detootlvo foroo arrived In Woodland two hours after
Seifert had left with tho constables hot on his trail. They had
been shadowing him In his mad flight, but ho had maintained a
good lead on them.
Tho Woodland constables were notified that tho mud-boipnt
tcrcd traveler was tho man Self art, who was wanted by tho San
Froncleco polloo, and they at onoo started on his trail. Ho boat
them to Eeparto» oonooallno himself there In a vaoant house,
whoro ho wasfound after a long soaroh. /
* SEIFERT CONCEALS HIMSELF.
Seifert reached Davisville by train early yesterday morning
and at once took a team and drove to Woodland. There ho "en
gaged another tenm and started west. An attorney who at ono
time had him for a client recognized him, although he had removed
his mustache and in other ways sought to esoapd Identification,
Seifert was formerly a druggist nt-Woodland and ho did not tarry
there apparently fearing that ho might bo rcoogniiod nny mo
ment. . /
Whatever may have been tho man's relations to Nora Fuller
and the girls with whom she associated, he has been the, one ob
ject toward which the combined efforts of the public and private
detectives of Snn Francisco have been directed for two weeks
past. Chief of Police Wittman gained 'knowledge of the many
suspicious circumstances in which Seifert Was involved and his
sudden disappearance from his usual haunts, and at once started
detectives upon his trail. Fearing that tho presence in small
towns of so many of his deteotives would put the fugitive from his
guard, tho Chief of Police enlisted the services of Harry Morse's
Detective Agency, and the Morse detectives havo -followed per
sistently the trail of Seifert as he passed around the bay, always
keeping his identity hidden and careful to avoid attracting atten
tion. A dozen times during tho chase the detectives were close
upon his heels, only to find in eachcaso that the quarry had cs-
TRAILED FOR WEEKS.
nA.SEIFERT»onwhose trail the police have been hot lortwo
• weeks past as he sought cover from one town to another:
of the bay counties! was arrested yesterday in; Esparto.'
| Yolo County, by Constables Leo and Parker. Detectives
sJ Q Callundan and Hamill of San Franclscot who arc in Wood
land, will bring Seifcrt to San Francisco to-day on the
nominal chargo of obtaining money, under (also pretense's, but tho
real purpose of the police in desirinn Scifnrt's presence in this city
is io confront him'vvfth thoso^wlW'Icnow of
Nora Fuller's disappearance and . to examine into certain unex
plained transactions that seem lo connect Seifert with tho myste
rious Hawkins and possibly tho tragedy of the vacant houGO -on
Sutter street. s ;; '
Seifert is known to have been a friend of Emma Sdaright* the
girl acquaintance of Nora Fuller, and. was frequently seen in her
company. Employes and guests at the Winchester House, on
Third street* where Seifert lived I at the time prior to the dlsap-;
pearance of Nora Fuller, recall that a girl answering tjio descrip
tion of Nora Fuller was occasionally seen there with hi^andon
some occasions visited his room. A medical student named Haw
kins was also among his associates, and the police are waiting
the opportunify to compare the handwriting of the man now under
arrest with the signatures of Hawkins, and Bennett. :0:
C. A. SEIFERT TRACKED
to his hiding puce
Taken Into Custody at Esparto, Where He
Had Fled to Escape /Irrest, and Is
Found Concealed in Empty Househt
*~pHE man towhoin the police say suspicion strongly points in connection wit^ Fuller in the lonely house on Sutter
street is behind prison bars, and the detectives assert that they have abundant evidence to connect him with the awful crime that caused the
entire community to gasp with horror at its recital. '. -
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUiME XCI»-NO. 01.
BAN FltAKOJBOO, BAT TODAY, , 1, 1002.
PKICE FIYE CENTS;
AFTER LONG AND DESPERATE CHASE POLICE
CAPTURE MAN AT WHOM SUSPICION POINTS
IN CONNECTION WITH THE FULLER MURDERan understanding as to the rent,
which was to be $90 a month; At
that time lie appeared to have
plenty of money and! thought
that he was perfectly good for
the rent". He moved ; in a small
stock of toilet' articles and per
fumery, but the 'stock came in
smaH instalments, : and he never
had much that was of any. value.
¦' \"His venture was a failure and
he did .not do any business, I
think that this was owing to the
fact thathc was notattending to
his, business. He was devoting
nearly all of his time'' attending
to the children's carnival that
was being held at, the Mechan
ics' Pavilion. I believe that,, he
acte'd with '-this dramatic venture
as advertising space, agent.
v'On February 1, ashc had not
paid mca cent on thcrcnt'ac-
"C. A. Seifert first came into
my office a few days before Jan
uary 10. He was a stranger \to
me, but I was impressed with his
address and appearance. . He said
he noticed the sign in my win
dow that I wished to rent half
of my office, and ; that' he was
anxious to rent it, We came to.
his store to C. A. Seifert on Jan
uary io of this year. Conklin,
who resides at 657 Bush street,
in an interview last' evening. said:
ift, 'l'hfl lutfrtHget' urild h^ »1eslri>n1 the wdmn
to be delivered nt i'2ii Hulter slrept ueforfl
noon.
Tluimiis Toiiln. nn rjf|irensinnn ( delivered
Mm artlclna iiurclin-t'il frmii tho Htfiminril
I'urnlturo Com tinny lo tho houso nt 2211
Gutter Htrpet .shortly i nftrr noon on the
*amc dny. Tobln whs admitted to the
hotJHO by n mnn «nd wan rpquented to
<nk« tho bed nnd mattress and chair up
xtnlrs. He did so nnd placed them In the
Hiiinll back room, He net up the bed on
which tho body wns fauna.
• Tho 1 saloHmcn nnri drivers who had
handled the furnlturo and bedding posi
tively Identified the articles found In the
?•oom when they liiHtireted them after tho
'ilncovery of .Norii Fuller's body.
Tho'polleo wtro unable to locate tho
•(torn where the sheots and pillow cases
wero purchased. The articles were un
•louiiii'illy n aw and hnd never been luun
•lered, ns.tho store tugs were upon them
when the body of Norn Fuller wus found,
( Fred W. Krone, proprietor of tho Popu
lar restaurant, fi6 Qenry street, mi Id thnt
nt noon of Saturday, January 11, a man
bad como Into the restaurant who had
been known to' him by sight for. some
fourteen years. The man told Krone that
if any one cnllod for him nnd asked for
"Mr. Bennett" to send tho party to his
table. The man took lunch and left at 1
p. m., no one hnvlnp called for him.
JCrono stated to tna police that though
ho had known tho man for mnny years,
that wns tho tlrst time he had, learned his
name. Krono was positive that mnn first
visited the 1 restaurant some fourteen
years ngo and that after taking his menls
there for a fow weekD, he did not seo him
again until eight years ago, when ho re
turned, one day. On that occasion the
man informed Krone that ho had given
Charles Conklin, who con
ducts , a;ctit-rate ticket'-ofricc at
7io Market street, rented part of
The management .of the Win
chester House 'say . that 'Seifert
has been in the habit of rooming
at their house off and on for the
last three years. 'Night Cleric
Johnson says that Seifert shaved
off his mustache before '< he 'left
the city, as one of theihell boys
of the . hotel him after .he
was clean shaven, and remarked
that the change liad altered the
man's appearance quite , mate •
rially, < ,
evening from a window and 'yiat
the moment he stepped on to
Third street he seemed perfectly
tranquil, and that the last hesaw
of Seifert was when he .walked
into a drugstore directly across
H. T. fkhell, «ale8man for J. C. C«vnn
iiiii^ii, RLO MlHHlfin atreot, 'oold a mattrca,*,
pillows, blunkctn and quilt on tho even
ing of January 9 to a iniin who doulrod
tlin Roods to ba delivered that evening at
2211 Butter street.
Larry aillen, driver for Cavanaugn, de-
Ilvcrod tho ft'KulM nt- tho houSn> at ¦ 2211
Butter street. VVhnn ho arrived there
ho rang tho bell and was 'met by n man
who answered the description of the pur
chaser. 'Gillnn took tin- goods Inside tha
houso and left them at tho foot of tho
utnlrs. ' ¦ . '¦• '
To Olllon's request for a signature to
a receipt the man' refused- to give one,
but ftlmply made a mark on tho paper.
Klchiinl Fitzgerald; a 'salesman for the
Standard Furniture. Company on Mission
street, sold a bed, wire mattreiss tmd a
chair to a man on tho morning of January
REFUSliD TO SIGN RECEIPT.
J/flWhin»," to tlie lnniP ht III" hoilKn at
8211 ftultpf Mrrel «'«« Mm nnUw tilnn who
lind luspttcd tlir ttdvrrtlKfinnnt fit n
nurfc Rlrl In h inot-nlftn tin)>fr of .Innuary
in nnrt who hnd wrlttpn to Nora Kuller In
thn nimic ht {'neufletti"
Tlifio wnx llttl<? fillJU'iilly »" Iindlna; out
wiwn tho furniture nf tin' room In which
the body of Norn Fuller w«« dlncovpred
hnd l»?on nurchoKed, ...
C. II. Lnhanlor.- clerk -for IJmbMin &
Co., rrntfd th" houm< nt 2211 Butter street
on the morning of Jnnuafy 8. to 0. H.
JInwklnK." llawklns jfave IiIh nddre-8 as
tho Oolrtpn \Vmt Hotel and referred tho
mil cstntfl firm to thnt plnco for, rofcr
micm«. Hy n jiepullMr incident tho ol«rkn
nt the hotel mlHiook the nnmo ot C. W,
}ln»klnn on thn reglnter for thnt of lfnw
htns nnd reiiiled that the mnn was a
BUCBt of tin- Imll-f.
Many Bita of Evidence Showing How the Little Girl Was Lured
to the Suttor-Stroot Houso ami Foully Slam by a Fiend
in Human Guise Who Posed as Her Friend.
Q, A, BBIPBnT, WHO WAS Afini5§TI9D AT J5SPAHTO YHITHRDAV ON §USPI61ON OI*" fiWINO eONNHSTRD
wmiTi mnmnov noiia vvuhnn, and whosh oAPTimn Vai rnvrnfm ONiiY afthr a long
VUAmm DHTHUTIVH UAMUlt AND dAPTAlW GALFiUNBAN,
CONTRACTS ARE LET
'Contracts for tha construction of th*
road weru let tn Drukti & Hi r.it imi nf Navy
York Just before I left," sulii Lord Thur
low. "I am cm my way to < '.iiir.u-uiu. Mr,
I'rmUor U with me. Tho nuanra commit*
tea, aa W" h in called, Incjuilea, iif.-tiiU.i
I'riirtiir uinl myaelf. II. my II Twombiy, u.
fiaphew of ilin V.nulrti iiilia, and .ioa.i<:ui« <i
with them; it. a,, it m^m, wuii.na u a,
Wtla.ni, iido.M t.ttci with VFt>d|den| »-'|enn
en»t» ot th« tiiiii.iiiii r«a«1, »n«1 W, Ci Un*
litirrnott «)? Jufaay C\ty,
"Tha road will i.i .'rtiict tin iinreUd. dint
K^siepnt li will ppen »iu h vi»*»! larrltofv.
Fioh In tlmbep ttivi pti«i find «nj.i and *£»u»
Per I'illirta > t .,. I'M fllHl l.l/ac.ir lltVO »,-.r,l
l» eeiwuiiftflnit with Hlii ftn«f tfctrrimmt
fHP fieyei-rtl wcr.Ua, r«<<%r<ulf>^ rtll WMfnoiiiiMil
tiftjy Wpr1nap«i«tjri U'h«« Or^ttf Northern
Will •"'¦ Htmulml O'l'.Vm tO W<=|«i, wIiik.
fit" V.Mtr.bct, dli.l l;<1 = U , t , ,,I1I |.ir.ol |t "( 1,^
twr» rortrirt wilt flrif in eottjiiMritioti, tni
Jiiii'rt ihtpf^e* *v i n i.n ,,i M 4 Th* »»«¦•»« of
tli" neirr.),^.,,! i u|tt (lot n» liberty to lii*
vulfte-^-t» frtdf, this N fn^ "fflt Hhrtoii'!"".
tttpnt t hi vn iitadct that the dent lias neett
effo«»t»d,''
ROUTJ5 INDI0AT13D.
There am a mitnnpi 1 nf pnnalbla routfi
wlilch dm diHif Northtrit nn v UkA in
Its pstpiulon to Wflln^r, but th« on« In4l*
i'Htp»l by Lord Thurlnw'n partial outllnn
tif hla pl.'tM'i 1 1 frmn Hpokano almost «n
1 o«-t. M'nitii. t.'ii'iiini; Cheney. Tnkoa, Var
miimtnti, 1 iixiu'.. south r.iii'.wlniT thn trtnakn
liivr tn lluntlngtnn, with poimlMe flpurt*
to Mount Jdnho, Enterprl.io and Baker
City.
Lord Thurlow nald further: "Kursk*
harbor on Hurnbotdt Day is one of tho
best on tha I'lictllo Cnaxt. Annual Im*
porti* and export* from th* port of Ku»
rekn nm valtfrt nt ttt.OQO.Ono and the city
Is the only ono of its slzo In the worirl
which at present bat no outntde connec
tions. Tho road wtll cross tho Houth-m
Pacific at Itrddlnir and in it.i 800 mile*
wilt pans over the boundaries of thrae
State*— California, Idaho and Oregon.
Actual construction will begin early thin
Kumrnfr. Donds are being now under
written."
CHICAGO, Feb. ''Sk-Northern FacMa
and Grent Northern interim* have clo«ed ,
ft /leal tot a ntnv thrdtiKhilno.tr> tha r>
nun Cuaat. KukIi-iIi and America^ capt*
tnliats, headed by Lord Thurlnw nnd
Oeurgo II. t'roctor of Now York, wilt
build Att MKi-mltn road from Eurckn, CmII
foinl.i, to Welaer, Idaho.
From their main lines tho Great North
mi-Northern I'aclflu Intercut* wtll build
toward tho same point from tho north.
An entirely new territory, rich In for
cstM, mlncH, affrlculturo ami cattK*
ranches, wilt bo tapped. It will give tha
merger intumsts control of the finest har*
bar on tho t'nclflc Coast not already oo«
cupled by railroads. It will bo a winter
route over which most of tho Oriental
trulllo can b* sent when snow blockudea
nnd heavy traffic muko tho more north*
(•ctrttcrly lines too expensive tu operate to
thfilr full capacity.
'Hi.) deal by which tho two Interest*
were brought Into conjunction was effect
ed Wedneaday tn New York. Lord Thur
1'ivv, v\ti't was In Chicago for several
hours to-day, announced tho succesa uf
the transaction. Tha plan will Involvs
an outlay of fJS.OOO.OuO.
1, fpeclal DiipAtch to.Th« fail.
Branch Eight Hundred Miles
Long Will Run From
Welser, Idaho.
Northern Pacific and
Great Northern ,
Close Deal.
Hill Plans an
Extension to
Eureka.
On January 1 of this year C.
A. Seifert registered at the Win
chester House, on Third street;
He occupied the room until the
3m of the month. The room
he occupied was No. 419, and
when he stopped rooming at the
hotel he did not notify the man-
Pnt that he was going to do
d left a trunk and all his
personal property in the room.
The night clerk of the hotel,
Seifert has a wife who is said
to be Jiving at Monterey. To
some friends recently she is al
leged to have confided her inten
tion of applying for a divorce.
Seifert often wore a silk hat
and a frock coat, and was fond
of the society of young girls. He
is said to have passed a number
of small checks drawn on the
Western National Bank that were
returned as valueless. So far as
known no complaints have been
filed against him on this score.
When Seifert was arranging
fof his perfumery counter he
became acquainted with Emma
Scaright, an acquaintance of
Nora Fuller, aiul engaged her
services tu sell perfumery for
him. She reported for duty sev
eral days, but Seifert never
appeared nt 710 Market street
after he made his first arrange
ments. It is thought he became
acquainted with Xora Fuller
through Emma Searight; and
may have knowledge of ctthcr
men who knew her. Whether
anything was found among his
effects to connect him with the
case the police refuse to disclose.
In fact they will not admit thai
his arrest has anything to do
with the Fuller case.
Hi* 'first venture was to con
tract with Charles Conklin, tlu
ticket-broker, for a portion of the
floor hpacc of the premises at 710
Market street, representing tlint
he intended installing a perfumery
counter. He did not pay any
rent, but had some effects moved
in, including a desk and some
medical book's, Then he sublet a
portion of the place to T. R. Les
ter, receiving $60 on the rcpre
hcntation that he had paid three
months' rent in advance, When
Lester ascertained that Seifert
had no claim on the preniiseg he
eccured a warrant for the Inner'*
arrest. Seifert refunded $$$ of
the money nnd promised to pay
the balance. *u the charge wn*
not pressed; although the warren)
wa§ left in the hand* 61 the po»
lfce, Upon thb old 'complaint
Dcteetlvo Haiiijli and Captflln
Calluiidflri arrested Seifert yn>
temay.
Seifert is a man about 38 years
of age, 5 feet 8 inches in height,
blond, and formerly wore a mus
tache. He is a licensed phaniia*
cist, and once owned a drugstore
in Woodland. Nearly all the
time he has been in San Fron>
cisco he has been employed as a
solicitor. \ih last occupation,
was soliciting advertisements and
floor space patronage for the Ju
venile Fairyland Carnival, at the
Mechanics' 1'avilion. When he
first came to San Franciico he
was accompanied by his wife, and
Mopped at the Royal House on
Ellis street.
rant charging him with obtain
ing $(io by false prctctiicit from
T, U. Lester, n perfumery dealer,
This warrant wan issued In ihc
early p.ut M January, ami a>
no effort bad been made to serve
it before, it i^ evident that it \va«
only brought into use on this oc
casion as a uicans of holding the
prisoner until his connection with
the graver charge of murder can
be investigated.
Centlnufd From Pep One.
POLICE CAPTIVE
SUSPECT AFTER
A LONG CHASE
and was informed by him that
there was a fetter at the hotel for
him. 'Seifert called for the letter
and it was handed to him by the
night clerk., The clerk at the time
knew that Seifert was being
shadowed by the police,. and he
took particular attention to rio
iice after Seifert left the house
whether or not, he would be cau
tious 1 ' and hurry to the back
ptrccts. Night Clerk Johnson
says that he watched Seifert that
The last time he called was
only a short time ago. Seifert
was met by the proprietor of the
Winchester House, E. Roikin,
\vlillo the reporter* nnd tho Oetecilvcu
vere. working on tho Cd«o tho mother of
Nora Kullr r pnrltlvoly Identlllpd the clotn
lnit found In the room with tho body as
belnr that wtirn by her daughter on tho
day eho dl«appearod from her home on
January 11.
The Uiv.-.silciiilon mnde on the nlKht of
tho discovery of the body and on subse
quent days brought to light a mystcrioun
yot startling army of facts.
There wus not the sllghtost doubt that
the man who signed tho name, "C. 13.
Charles Johnson, said in an inter
view last evening that Seifert had
called at the Winchester House
several times since he gave up his
room and asked for his mail ;
which was delivered to him.
MOTHER'S IDENTIFICATION.
Knmi tlmt tlm«» nothing wns snen or
Jirmd of Norn Kuller until her body wn»
.lie ii vi ml In it vnrniil house At 2211 Hnl
trr Htrt-rt on tho nfternoon of Snturday,
I'tlminry R, nt 2 o'clock.
(in thnt nftrtnoon II. II. Dcnne, » clerk
> n, |i!i>v H tiv t'lnlif.i-'ti & (Jo., thn ri-iil «s
iiiir mm, wru t»cnt to lnupoct tho houso
in m] k ¦..hi i mi mm t.
Tl.e ho'.:»c had been rented by Umbsen
A Co. on .1. no. in y R to ft man who xleued
tin! If life In thn mime of "<\ li. lluwkmi).
who ptild the rent • for i a month,
130, In ntlvnnre, Itrports later
urn !m. l the real tstnta firm thnt
tin- prrmlars hnd not l«'i n occu>
pled. Hint »t On expiration nf the period
for whlrh "Hawkins" hnd paid thn rent,
I u l,i,i' WUM Hill In ttiO IliMlbu tO Illlllin .til
Invi tillgittlnii,
lu-miB eiitered' the Imueo »tnd found no
kIbii nt llff thrrn, The rooms on tha
lower ii' •¦! wi i ' empty, unn hs pru^eedud
in t|te upper rooms,
In n « m t» 1 1 i:«rU room on ih« top /loop,
ii-iilii hut by the linv»-i.ii window bIiihIh,
i'»i.ii»- .iih. i.Miiii wIihI Hli|.i-iiiri| tu he 4
i..i.inn del. i n in t , ti^rj, Me nsw eonm
• li'ttilng <ni ,i diHir Biid pm he rerfelvea
im itsi/finiaa jo hlii niiHMlrm* (hrfiiiah im
\>n\{\y Hpenptl (loop, he ff»l|gei1 t hit f them
v ,if dnmHhinif wrnnet no Ipft the )wm
(jnhkl^ f*nn nmgUi ft' police ufh>e.Fi Wlili
fiffiner (Ji!l Hie tlefk foIufiiM ' \o tho
l<uiipi=, «nd Ihe meij wen** horrified id
nun ihflt a v.'.nn<ira dine) hndy inv oh iii»
DEATH IN BXLSJfT GHAMBBfl
'nit* i.'iiii'im»-» b nnwe Son i»"i he hp«fi=
ill'JiHf'jfl '\vrld n\ dijt'li Itrtflneti nilll Mil
ihufiittftdi'ii eOfnmtflfldi The hotly wan
foiiim i^vpfpn up i« im fhlii hy n covti'i
Iff, Hftr1 thi. ft=iiii» \M wJipm Jhft WAN re*
Iti'iVrii *vpip r>fitfrrlj^ tllltif. Tile body WB»
I vine iii n pprtrtfui Jiuti lloji iihrj t hr>rc
whb liu t-l^n uf n ptMiKfilf? Imvlnu tttltPii
|iIbip,
A nhr-M, nllehtl)* nlHltiPi wllh blOOdj
nus wrnjip^l round Hip richl Imiid whllt
ltii» lr ft hsnrt fprtrd oil n blood-Hlnlnml
triwr-l on th" mlddln of thr> hndy, Th<?
l"wt»r llrnlm wne <ronsi*d. Tin* clotblnit
of 1b«» body W.1H lyltttt on a rlmlr. Th«
fnfp«f Iwid evidently ben In thn brd fur
i»fiinf tlmp, nn thn fiicn won oilhl».\\ci| nnd
dlRColornUnti of the limbs hud sot In.
Altlintitth Dt'terllvp HfrRcnnt Dillon hud
b'nii MjIImI to luvcf tlitntn \\\n finding of
n woitiiiii'k body In h VHrnnt house, he
lmnif>dltti»-ly enme to the. conclusion thnt
It «ni< n rusn'of HUlclde or death by nut
urnl rnuKri*. " '
rtilrf in i.iity Coroner P. J, MrCormlrk
rolncldrd with Ulllon and tho two ofll
clnlit did not tnnkr. n rnrfful fxntnlnutlon
nf thi> room und the rloHilne of thn dead
o«'Mipiitit, thus IdrIiir vnluublc clrw«.
TI?p body whs rmiovM, ito the AIoikuo
nnd tlif rkHliliiK .'ucnjnpdiilr-ii II ntirl It
»'»n tint until llii> tictvopiipTH of thin clly
«li»eldf«1 n Tow hourn Inter that n vile mur
dcr hud boon committed tlmt tho uuthorW
tics went to work on tlmt theory,
On tho evening of th" discovery of tho
body In the houno at 2211 Hutter Ktrcet In
vrHtlRntlon by tho pret** proved It to be
thnt of the mlxfilnK Klrl. Norn Fuller.
DODY FOUND IN HOUSE.
Bhni'tly nftrr R p. m. Norn left her
nintln-r's hniii'B with tho tntrntlon of pur»
¦ I h.-iiik M.p|illrp for the dlnnrr for the
l"ll-.\v hi'; i>iiy Mini hIhu mnctltig llfiinitt
nt the I'oiiulnr rpHtuurnnt. Fuller
«n» ill Id IhmI in the <lmo nnd expected
Nora to nturn nflr-r she hud ilninhed her
iiiin'ii.ir-iiiii and Iiinl iifii. lliiiiirll.
1,«w|m J. r»«rlMttp. h brother of Nora PuN
|er. 1. ¦! hi in 'i to hln homo that nvonlng nnd
Icnrnnl from Ills irmther that Nom h«d
i!..i." downtown to Riifwer no advertise*
'll'lil for (I |ii'r-ll|oll.
Uftwfpii fi;i6 ji, m. nnd fi!30 p. m. P«r«
lotip wos (Bllrd up by telephone nnd Nom
¦ ¦"iivi'ii-i.'i with him. H" wns positive, tlmt
It »¦>!¦¦< his elMfT that r|ii-Ki- in him over
th« phoiip. ¦ ' y ¦ ' ' - : .
Bhu urtld thafphe whs In the 1500 block
Ml lii-Hiy clli "I Will) Mr, HrlllinllMllil hill
fitmily. thfll thfy w^r^ hire people and
tlmt •'In- hnd 11 uti" i>"nlilon nt I2D per
ninnth. 8li*> Ktild that the family wnnted
her to go to work at onee nnd nnk«d h^r
tti-fithrr to r.|irnu to AtfP, Kuikr nbout tha
l'krbi'nn 1. ri thi ,'phone nnd delivered
Cm 111. •=»,.,;,, tn |.|p lti'illirf, wlm ilrplrn-1
1 lint N'n.i iftiirn In. tin> at imrr. I'nr-
InlKi ti tut 111 il. fO tho li'lr I'lmtin fttid iln.
livrtrrt IiIn ninthpr'n nicBBdHO to Nora,
'f hf Klrl t» 1 on .1 to Iir-p--! t ft I •• In ntiHWrrhitf
ti.-l ttrothrr, nnd then ftnld thnt bIir Wiis
nt K-"'i liinry ntrrrt nnd would return
hrmi» ns requFsled, Thru tho 'phone wfts
lninit up by tho girl nnd tho convursiitlun
elided. V'
MAKES FALSE STATEMENT.
The girl, who was 15 yearn
of np«. wnn the elri>r rtnuBhter of Mrs,
•Mti >¦ Mum. In Cnll'-r, who r. wM.il nt Iliiil
limp »H Mil Fulton street. Mrd Fuller
wbb dlvnrt'tii frnm her huiband nnfl llvt«t
fwllh hpp four chllortn at the modt'Bt resi
flpnep on !'ii!lou bireet.
Per seraeUlma previous to the «11eap»
it.m .tin ?' of Mim. j'ultM's dnughtei'i Him
U...II,, t 1,,,, 1 .'>-tiirtiif!nii<ii p. •'¦in toy a post*
tlon nir hri' t'lilld in erdW U« help benr the
iitiriirn.iif iiiuliiiitiiiinn the ftunllyi
Wilit itiiN "I'l" I it) VinW Iiluuioi- Mnllile
Kttlln 1 , riimihtiii)' ktiijwtt hn Norn fuIIpi 1 ,
i«iif«<n-'i mii iini" mivi itii-r-oii'iitM ill the
(ill prill,
• ••I hi.' in"! nim; nf Friday, Jmuiitry i'i,
tho (mIImuIhi- miIm'i I If 1 infill ttppeared In
a mntiiliitt iii'Wiipnpot'l
WAN'iT,!' A vmiliH Rill (n tkh« l<htlt|n
of it < Ml I unit il'i light huu«ck«r>iiltiiti i MvH
Mn. Kullrr tlntins that sho- was 'the
rtrst to tmtli'n th« «dvi'rtlsnni»iit "mid
(Hllfit tha itttriitlou of hi>r dnuahter to it.
'¦ho rhlltl itppllt'd by letter for the position
and on Hmi 111 (in y, Jiniunry II, rtoctved tho
following hum wen
11 thin u 1 1 1 1 i|... k imi i.-n.n you In time to
(Nil nl III. I *..) ullll ll.rl.illinhl, fl5 ( trio ,V Kill' I,
nl J n'rlm'h, ritll At « J'. ill. A*U Mt the rrMRU
tant fur Mi. IWtiaptl. JOHN »tlKNNKTT.
Tho later wan delivered at tho Kuller
rcnld« n«'«» too late for Nora to ko to tho
1 « Mm iiiii nl to iii'il Hriiuitl at 1 p. 111. ntld
r»hn. derided to kcri> this nppointmont at 1
<• p. in,
-w~y hlCANOU MAUD13 PUMJ31I
i rii»»|ipenrod. from her home on.
fri fli« ufternonn of floturdiiy, Jan*
g _^ imvy \\ iRst,' shortly sfter, 5
ti'rlm U,
"Though I only met him as a
tenant, I understand that he was
at one time connected with the
German Hospital in this city, and
that while there he had charge of
some department. I also was led
to infer that he was a member of
the, State Board of Pharmacy. He
was a young man of engaging
manners and personally I
thought that he was quite a nice
young man, When I first met
him, he had money.
VA0U13 CLI3W6 I'URNIOHMD.
That Nera Fuller met her death on
the night of her disappearance there la
every imilrdtlon. Henry Aneher, who re
sldea at 2213 Hutter street, rememherfld
Boeing m. man come out ef 2311 itnti.-f
rttreni oil" mornlner, between January H
and IS. Ho spoke to him and naked htm
If he, had rented th@ house and wits told
he had. Tho pollea wer* of opinion that
it was on the morning ul January 11 thnt
Aseher saw a man come down tn» steps
of 2211 llutfr-r street, and thnt thd mutt
whs "Dennett," ttlla« "Hawkins/'
W, J, Lee, a trained nurse, claimed that
on thn evening of Bunday, January 12,
tho day after Norn Fuller disappeared,
h»» saw a man and a Klrl enter 2211 Hut*
tor street, and that their appearance tal
lied with that of Nora Fuller and Ben
nett, alias Hawkins.
OutAlde of tho evidence of A»cher
and life not 'a person could bo found
by tho police who saw any one enter or
came from il-'ll Butter street from the
day Nora Fuller disappeared until her
bony was discovered.
Tho family of Ascher, residing at 2213
Butter street, and that of Mrs. Cohn.
which resides at 21209 Butter street, never
hoard a slnnrlo sound proceeding from tna
vacant houso or noticed any sign of life
therein.
Madffe Onilwmi, a Klrl companion of
Nora Fuller, repeatedly stated that sno
had heard Nora Fuller telephone to, a
man by tho name of Dennett. Mad^u
stated that when she had accompanied
Nora Fuller 4.0 a grocery storo Non had
asked her not to listen whllo sho phoned
to the man. Mm. Fuller declared to tha
pollco that Mailifn Graham could not be
believed, and that sho was simply seek
ing notoriety by making theaa state-?
mpnta,' Tin-. o|erl|s at the grocery atnra
mentioned l> v &|arige ilraham could not
remember of ever h&Vlng heard Norft
Fuller tolephfine to any one named 1ien»
nett,
Afler th» MenMflcatlon nf Nora Fuller's
hony (ho nolloB fnlloweit up h numbef of
» lowu wlHimit Rny PUPcresa, Miiiinfefla of
PUifHestlons WBFB ms«1e n»f| Flgld |r»vea t
resulted.
CHAN'! 1 6L0SBLY QUESTIONED,
in tne few nays following the rtlapovery
cif the pony the efforts or ih« pollee wert
djFN>te.a tfiWHrd seuuflns fpom Attorney
Fltigh OfMnt n ponnuef^ acpriunt nt nte
|elRtlon« with No/rt Ftjilei 1 , tifftfit bft>rtmiS
tl!" nltoMlfV Of Ml": FUlleP O|...||f fllMrt
Hut* ggfi, MIMl M W.M lr.Ullr.1 thai It)
AtieiiPl IftSl h» i'iiii'liMar.,1 a ,|jM, Afld
Jn«4»<-t f<o- the elil imhI had ftiv»n Uet
Fjnnll Biitim of hi'iiipy on snVerrtl ih<m
rlinip. UmmiI p«i|ilfilor-'i) that tho tulr-'linqr,
Hf thrt flrfBH rtiid Hi., pttinll BtUn«i of ttwney
rid had elven Nora Fuller wtrn In Part
I'ltyniftif of the fiei!ount for boom of hla
d«ti«htpf with Mm, Fullpr. The pnli«i«
wrro.thorouohly watlsflrfl that Ot'ant kn»»w
nbnolulply notiilnp of, thfe dlsapprurantio
ntifl drath of Nora Fuller.
Another clew which was followed by
the pollen wmi the itmllur In th« den>l
r.itl'M pursp of a card bearing the name
«'f M. A. Berebrcnek of Port Arthur,
China. It' wn» shown that Hcrebrrnrk,
who Is a Iluflstnn, employed in the Orient,
ruina to this city last month, bearing a
letter of Introduction to Mrs. Fuller from
her brother, who liven at Port Arthur.
Mrs. Fuller and her daughter Norn had
culled at the Palace Hotel to visit tho
l(ti»«lnn, which accounted for the pres
ence of hi* card in thn doad girl's pocket
book. Brrebrenek sailed on the -City of
Peking at 1" p. m. of January 11; nearly
five hours before Norn Fuller disappeared
from her home. It was thought that ha
mlffht buva loft the steamer at the mnlt
clock beforo sho sailed, but letter* mailed
by him from Honolulu prove that ho was
a pussengcr on tho ship.
Tho autopsy disclosed the fact that
Nora Fuller died from asphyxiation
through strangulation. Examinations by
experts proved that thera was no evl*
donee that any poison had been adminis
tered to her, and further evidenoe wnn
frrthcomlng that the Klrl met her doath
within twenty-four hours of her disap
pearance, i
When Nora Puller's body was discov
ered Call reporters Immediately made a
systematic search of the houso at 2211
Butter street. There was not a slnKlo
sign to Indicate that tho house had been
occupied for more than a few hours from
January 8, when it was rented by "C. B.
Hawkins." This theory was subsequently
verified by tho expert Investigations,
showing tho time of Nora Puller's death.
count, I locked up his side of the
store and to-day I still hold His
stock, which is of no value. I
have not seen him since Febrjii
ary i, but he has telephoned me
several times, trying to v adjust
i the matter.
Vtom the time Iho body. of Norn I*U}U«J
wm dlicovnrod thn offnit* of tlu» iioiU'o
nnd press wcrn dlrprtnl titwnrd .lot'atnm
tli« man IJeinicU wbo hud limurtnl thn
advirtlspment und who whs, without
doubt, thn unme man who Hloned tnn
lease for 22U Butter street with the nnmo
"0. B. Hawkins."
On the night Nora Fuller . cilsupnenrfd
I^ewls J'hiImik' made a sonreh for n^r nl
the Popular Itestaurant and nt tfiOO U.urv
fltreet. Thn girl had not been iteen at
the ir-xtnuiiiiit by any of the attnchcH
and Kim) < loncy street wan a vucant lot.
Ah Dennett left the Popular' tlnntnucant
at about 0:30 «m that night nnd i'arbtne
was called up by Nora Fuller between
6:15 p. m. and 6:30 p. to. .ami told by her
that she w,an with Bennett's family at
1600 deary street th» police became *.itii-
Mnl upon liiviMtlitiiticiii Dint Nora had teU
ephoned to her brother from a downtown
telephone and that' she had known Il«m.
rmit for snmn tlntn provlolta to ,her ills
«ppe,aranco from home.
Th« girl never cnllod nt the Popular
Restaurant for Hennett nnd yet ahout tba
very time that he was seen walking up
ana down In front of thn place Nora Fuf"
ler telephoned to hnr brother that sho
was with H«innott'Rn<l hl» famllv In th«
Western Addition and that Phe had n nlco
position.
• oil t , ilnrli trnusetra anil »llk liut ami inr
ryinir «n umhrolla,
Fltagoraltl, who milci tho bed and mat
lri!«=i to iti'iiii.'it, L'uuUI only fcU*o a VHgtu:
iii!:-iiTi|iilnii d( the man- nn thniight tm
wore w light rnicirert «iut »m| ilaiK ha»
but not h hiiK nun, Ifn iMiultl mu toll ht=j
height nr weight, but Hitlrt tluit li« hau
remtti featurrs ami phm*»i - » nhoMUieri.
<HI|en, who delivered it\» »»«ti.|in« at
83U ButtPi' mlreoi, 'uttlrt th«t lha.mnii.ln>
met thepp wbs tthniu 5 te*t n lnt'lia=* mm
wop§ » hill Pltk liiU mul (iwU eajit. Mil
l?l» t'HUlrt llfit tiftarvllie llN retttUf^M, lull
thnuBht ha was close >»lmvun.' ;
Toljln, the Pxpi^MsmBij whrt took th^
bed find maUr^a tn-ailt- HwitPC f*'^ 1 '
<1»?serlbed the ftittn who Iff him ffttgSW
hfiiifie hh belns n ?pp{;10 Iiu'opi ,»«» nfisui
fit lipniirt bullii, riHMfri l» « ditrk null unil
Wi»ariH« n heavy Hold wrttutt Htrthii '•«
could lint destn'lb# Ills' fnrtnn rftt'P,
t.uhHnl0iv the clerli.uf .t.'jiUtsen, »,•-"¦'
Who fBttted tho hollftn nt Hiittrf «*rr«t
In "«J, it, - ijnwklntt," I'niti.iotily Uphl't bn
th« man fts Wcnriim tt blm'lt fiVffH'ouf with
ft velvet I'ftllnr nnd thought "ho brtH it
droop to his npht eye. /
Elfi'OIlTO TO 1TIND flENUEtT,
TO BUILD
NEW LINE
TO COAST
CIRCUMSTANCES SURROUNDING DISAPPEARANCE
AND MURDER OF UNFORTUNATE NORA FULLER.
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATUUDAY^ ilAliGH J, l!)02. •
2
Uonnett pnrtook of dinner, and shortly
uftcr ti p. tn. pnld hi» bill to MImh Cha«e,
who »ttw him go out and walk up and
down on tho sidewalk. Sho did not re
cclva any call "for Mr. Bennett" anil tho
luMt nhe kiiw of him ho wn« wnlklnK up
mill down In front of the rentaurnnt.
Tho di'Hcript Ioiim of Uennott furnished
by Ktono, Mlrta Chase, tho furniture
Kaldstnon and tho-exprcMmen, who sold
and dcllvorcd goods to -the man, all. dif
fered.
Krone described "Bennett" a» a man
welshing 1G6 to 170 pounds, height 5 feet
8 inchea, heavy ¦ build, square shoulders,
round ' features, dark mustache and oyo
browH, ricculini' drooping right eyelid, and
dressed In long dark top coat, dark cut
away coat, trousers of name goods, black
derby hat, diamond ring on right hand
and heavy gold watch chain.
Miss Chase gave a description similar t •
that of Krono. >' .
Schcll, the furniture salesman, described
Bennett i»h being 5 feet 0 Inches tall, of
round features, light hair and mustache
and square shoulders and wearing a light
tie, light topcoat, black Prince Albert
THE DESCRIPTIONS DIPFEH.
lljt HI* ti'rtd^ nf'A pt-lHte? ftnt1 had bectitito
n nilnlptrr. : d
'I'Iip trntnurnnt liroprlr-tnr filrtliT Mated
Unit (ho inuti '•Herman" hwl nenln ri»
turned to tli« r«»*tiitirniit »i frw unyn bo
torn Norn miller illHiimirnrpcl.
.On thn nVRiiIng of Jnnuary 11. when
hhUwI Krono to "fnti nny nillrr
to Ml* table, th« mitn returned to the iph
tmiretnt nbout r. and hkhIii told Kruno find
MIm Louise M. Clinne, the cannier, that
"If nny one called nnd asked for Mr.
Dennett" to fiend tho party to hl« tnble.
AD VERTI SEM ENT9.
Marc.fi
April May
There is a best time for doing every-
thing — that is, a time when a thing can
be done to the best advantage, most
easily and most effectively. Now is the
.best time for purifying your blood.
Why? Because your system is now try-
ing to purify it — you know this by the
pimples and other eruptions that have
come on your face and body.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
and Pills
Arc thc*medicincs to take— they do the
work thoroughly and agreeably.
AccerJt no substitute: (
For Stomach Disorder?-
. Cout and Dyspepsia
DRltiX
Meat NATURAL AlUnilnjj Water
.«ou«oapw*t;-w. t.
/$?•/ CUhtS \, IVMtflg, auuatttrfti d!««
MSiffl ' Bl1 * * ** ft ' W t ''"*"i"*. Of »l>r IlKLililinr..
aZirj Qiihum<4 m *** ''"'i, Irrlutiun vr ulcora'
Dm 1 iff ftiMut wamtaa, ""-'i o* ftiitQon'i mem*
"' *• A * JKSTi r>r •*pre»n, pr"piii. f.jr
'hF&XMtfr-TfOi^Yi V"°> *>* 3 hcltl"*, ft.TA.
ulrsui^ «dttl «tt CejitMk
, Piles Cured Without tho Knife. .
Itching, Wind, rilaetllnjror'ProtrmJInir Pile*.
No curn, No Pny, ;A1I dru*Btst» ara RUthorliisd
hy msnufnoturem of i?(jho ointment to refun<1
.nioney wliera it fallB to e«r» any ciw* of pller, '
no mutter Of how long nt&ndlnir. Huron ordinary
cfmeH.in »lx iinyii; wor« csnei In fourteen <1ay»,
Onn npnliefltlon rIvm «agn and r»«,,iltel|eves
Hchtriff Instantly, ThW la n new tilsqovery, and
li thy.only iilla rpniPdy wlil.on ponltlvn uwr.
nntfp. no tore, no pfiy.A'frea sample will ba
s?nt \>y niall to flny>ona Ben«1in* nmim and ml-
*>/*••«, 'Price, 1 nou,- If yntir druK«l«t don't keep
It In Mtofk ««?nd Bflo In utainpn «nti wu will for-
JJ ¦ r*1 f u II •; Kf h«* by nmll,. MRnufacturert hy
' fAIUM MHUIUINH CO., -Hi! Lotilfi, Mo,, whs
»l(to manufacture -the ..eolvhrAtml uold • eure,
ilMVallVB tl)<n<tl,,>(llll,ll,, n '|'-.hlnl« '
;,¦!¦¦
To Ouro Qrip in Two Unys.
Lcssttva' Uromo-Qulnlno removei ihi ouda
13. W. Oreve'n ¦Ignmuiy en «v«ry hun. •
, When on« calls nnothrrn llnr It mny
rnmilt In u inh fur the unJsrtaker,ONE hundred and forty-*even po
licemen, whose ambition it is to
wear the chevrons of a corporal,
took the civil service examina
tion In the Girls' High School
yesterday afternoon. They struggled for
five hours over questions set forth by the
Civil Service Commission. Some of the
Interrogatories on the printed slip were
almost as hard to answer as the un
answerable query: "Who struck Billy
Patterson?"
"A heavy draft horse slipped on a
banana peel and sprained his back legs.
¦ As the biped could not get up I shot him
in the afternoon. A bystander thought
I should have shot him In tho brains, and
I told him to mind his own business, or
I'd run him in. He took my number and
paid he would have me up before the
Police Commissioners. I thereupon ar
rested him for drunk."
The third subject discussed by the per-
Bpiring candidates was arithmetic. One
of the questions asked was on the follow
ing line: " •
STALWART GUARDIANS OF THE PEACE OF SAN FRANCISCO WRESTLING WITH PROBLEMS PREPARED
BY THE DREADED CIVIL SERVICE EXAMINERS TO TEST THE QUALIFICATIONS OF THE BLUECOATS
FOR HIGHER DUTIES TO WHICH THEY ASPIRE.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.-An unsuc
cessful effort was made to-day in tha
House Committee on Naval Affairs to
secure consideration of the question of a
resolution to tender the thanks of Con
gress/to Rear Admiral- Schley.
Congress Will Not Give Thanks.
KANSAS CITY. Feb. 28.— Frederick
Funston left to-night for. New^York, , from
where h'eT will - go : to"; Washington < to re
port;to the War Department. .He expects
to remain ' in the East about two weeks.
General :• Funston - said he 'had fully . re
covered from . the effects of the operation
and that ¦ his ¦ health ¦. is perfect .
Funston Recovers.
NEW, YORK. Feb. 28.-The Grand Jury
concluded Its ; investigation into • the : New'
York Central tunnel disaster, of January
8 • to-day ¦ and found an indictment for
manslaughter against " John «M. "Wlsker
the engineer of i the White Plains loiaf
which ran into the Norwalk local m / the
tunnel. A bench, warrant was issued for
.Wlsker's arrest. The Grand Jury dis
missed » the complaint charging that the
funnel, as operated by the New York Cen
tral Railroad Company, constituted - a
public nuisance.
Blame Rests on the Engineer.
ATHENS. Feb. 2S.-M. Topalls. tha
Minister of Justice., has resigned in order
to fight a duel witi: Colonel Koumoun
douros.. The quarrel .between M. Topalis
and the colonel was tho outcome of pro
ceedings ' against a Deputy charged with
inciting to commit murder.
Be signs in. -Order, to 'Fight.
ELGIN, III.. Feb. 2S.-Benjamin F. Ells
worth, an influential man of "Woodstock,
and owner of extensive machine shops,
to-day shot and killed Amos Anderson.
Mrs. Ellsworth and, himself.
Ellsworth was jealbus of Anderson's at
tentions to Mrs. Ellsworth. Both men
were much older than Ellsworth's wife.
Ellsworth's 13-year-old son has been held
by the police, charged with being in
league with his father to kill Anderson. ,
Illinois Machine Shop Owner Kiils
His Wife, Her Friend and
Then Himself.
JEALOUSY THE CAUSE
OF A TBIPLE TRAGEDY
PEORIA.Ill., Feb. 28.-Joseph E, Hin
kle was hanged In the Peoria County. Ja'l
this morning. for the murdfer of his wife
tin* H«n n u k i le> } n ' th J"i C 4 y '' Septembe^M
¦ISO}. Hinkle passed last evening in re-
Itglous devotions; slept well throughout
the night and went to the scaffold calmly.
According to evidence introduced at tho
trial last November. Hinkle killed his wife
w£«™i s n/ e re £i! sed ,V> support him byan
immoral life. He followed her to an out
hcuse; where^he literally cut her in pieces
with auockctknlfe
Joseph Hinkle Is Hanged After a
Night Spent in Religious
Devotions.:
MURDERER OF A WIFE
DIES ON A GALL0W3
AUSTIN. Tex... Feb. 2S.— The certified .
charter of the Pacific and "Gulf Coa3t Oil
Company, with a capital stock of $350,000.
was nled in the Secretary of State's of
fice here • yesterday. Among the Incorpo
rators are C. H. Mathews and H. Coles
of Stanford University, California; F. I*
Crandall of Palo Alto. Cal.,- and C. A.
Meek of Redwood City, Cal.
File Their Charter in Texas.
FRANK RUSSELL, head, crushed
MICHAEL JACKULAR,T>ody crushed. '
While the three men who were Injured
are in a serious condition, it: is said they
have a good chance of recovery. The ac
cident is supposed to have been due to
the weakening of the steel trusses sup
porting, the galvanized Iron roof.
CHICAGO. Feb. 28.-Two men were
killed and ; three were injured to-day by"
the falling: of a furnace roof at the plant
of the. South Chicago Furnace Company
The dead are:- - .
Furnace Roof Kills Two Men.
AUSTIN. Tex.. Feb. 23.— A dispatch
from Eagrlo Pass. Texas," says President
Porfirio Diaz to-daw- met his sister-in-law,
Mrs. Teresa y Miranda, widow of the
late Minister to Austria, at Pledraa Ne
gras. opposite. Eagle Pass, and will ac
company her to the Cltv of, Mexico. It
is the flrst time In many years that Presi
dent Diaz has visited a pelnt on the Rio
Grande border. ' Owln«- to the sad char
acter of hia - mission no public honor*
were tendered «o him. .
Diaz Visits the Border.
LONDON. Feb. 2S.— Commencing to-day;
all American bound vessels from English
ports Infected with smallpox must have
their officers, seamen, llremen and emi
grants vaccinated, unless they can show
tharthey were recently 'inoculated with
vaccine virus. ' . .: ¦ l "
The order includes Liverpool, Glasgow
and London, but Plymouth and South
ampton so far are excepted. The United
States Consul and officers are instltutimr
a rigid 4 system of inspection. If the ?»»
demic Increases they . may. suggest even
more strict measures. I • sseBl even
Fears Are Entertained That Smallpox
May Come From English
Port's.
PERSONS ON VESSELS
v MUST BE ., VACCINATED
Several passengers were Injured, but
none fatally. The structure had been
weakened by the heavy rains and three
bents of the bridge gave way. The first
class coach was the only car that did not
go Into the washout.
GRIFFIN, Ga., Feb. 25.— A southbound
passenger train on the Columbus branch
of the Southern Railway went through a
trestle into a creek at midnight near
Zetella, Ga. The killed are:
A. F. MATHKWS, engineer, Columbus,
Ga.
J. L. HIL,L,, baggage master, Columbus,
Ga.
LEO G. MURRAY, mail clerk', Atlanta.
ISAAC McDOWELL, fireman, Colum
bus.
Four Men Are Killed and Some of the
Disaster.
Passengers Injured In
TRAIN DROPS THROUGH
A TRESTLE IN GEORGIA
WILMINGTON, Del., Feb.. 28.— W. P.
Carleton of the Florodora Company, play
ing in Philadelphia, came here. last night
In response to the telegram about the In
jury of his father. W. T. Carleton. In a
collision on the New York. Philadelphia
and Nocfolk. Railway yeslerday. The
elder Carleton was unable to appear at the
Florodora performance here last night
having wrenched his spine somewhat, but
his son says he is suffering chiefly from
the shock and after a few days he expects
nlm-to be able to resume his role. The
rest of the company left for Lancaster
Pa., this morning. .
Carleton Sufeers From Shock.
Burianek came here a year ago from
Crete. Neb., -where he has a wife and
three children. Several days ago he re
ceived a letter from hl3 wife saying sh«
-was coming. He then made the threat
that he would kill both his wife and him
self if she appeared. To-day he quarreled
¦with the Carpenter woman, shot her and
then flred a bullet through hia own heart.
LBAVENWORTH, Kana.. Feb. ».—
Frank Burianek, a saloon-keeper, to-day
shot Daisy Carpenter In his place In this
city and then killed himself. Tha woman
will die.
Arrival and Commits a Double
Crime.
Recreant Husband Fears His Wife's
SHOOTS THE WOMAN
AND KHJL.S TTTWHKr.^
The 'Secretary of War has received a
cablegram from General Wood informing
him that an election has been held in
Cuba under the constitution and that cer
tain officials have been elected to office.
This brought up the question of how and
when this Government should retire from
Cuba. May 1 has been tentatively fixed
upon for the Inauguration of the new offi
cials. This, however, Is subject to
change. After the new Government has
been Inaugurated this Government will
negotiate with the Cuban Government
treaties of various kinds, which will pro
vide for the time when " the American
troops are to be withdrawn from the lsli
and and the Government turned over to
the Cubans.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 28.— The Cabinet
was In session threo hours to-day and
nearly all of the time was consumed in
the discussion of Cuban matters.
Be Withdrawn.
When United States Troops Can
Cabinet Endeavors to Detennino
ELECTIONS IN CUBA
TROUBLE UNCLE SAM
_The concessions granted by. the Santa
Fe are an increase for freight conductors
over the Raton Mountains between La
Junta and Raton of from 3^ to 3 2-3 cents
a mile; for brakemen of from 2% to 2 2-3
cents a mile. Conductors are to be paid
4 cents a mile and brakemen 3 cents on
local freight train3 recently added to the
>.ew Mexico division. Conductors : of
crews on branch lines are to be raised
from $90. to $100 and brakemen from 850
tO 565. ;!'C ;;,;,,'¦ '¦ V /- i
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Feb. 28.-the
Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway
has granted its conductors and trainmen
important concessions, according to E. E.
Clark and Patrick Morrissey, chiefs re
spectively; of . the Order of Railway Con
ductors arid the Order of Railway Tram
men, and the fight that had been begun
with the Santa Fe will, it is believed, be
carried to other systems.
Clark and Morrissey passed through
here to-day en route to Galesburg in
from Topeka, where they- held a confer!
ence with the Santa Fe officials. Acting
under instructions from the orders thev
represent they are directing a campaign
for wages, and % the concessions
made by the Santa Fe are, they assert
the opening wedge for a fight for a gen-'
eral advance on all systems controlled by
the two orders. . -
Santa Fe Railway Grants
the Requests of a
Union.
HELENA, Mont, Feb. 23.-Th« pretty
little Helena romance In which a box of
California lemons figured, as related In a
tpecial to The Call, has created wide
spread Interest in Helena, and the young
man is being- congratulated by hia friends
on his approaching murrlaec
The young lady who wrote the littla
note, tied with a blue ribbon, and whose
name was not given out by Bernard J.
Barney kopf 3 friends at first; was Miss
Annie Koontz and her address is River
side, California. The lemons, which sur
rounded the fateful note on its Journey
to- Helena, have long since dlssipatad
their acid Juices in numerous toothsom*
confections, but the- sweet llttlo love atory
Is just now In its full bloom. Miss
Koontz is dally expected in Helena, and
it is supposed the wedding of the yours*
people will soon follow.
Girl Who Sent Noto In
Box.
Montana People Await Arrival of tha
LEMONS ABB ALL OUT,
BUT BRIDE IS EXPECTED
TORONTO, Ont., Feb. 28.-The opening
address^at. the first session to-day of the
Student Volunteer Movement at the Mas
sey Hair was delivered by Dr. E. E. Chi
vers of. Brooklyn. "Printed Page in For
eign .Missions" waa the title of an ad
dress delivered by John "W. "Wood, secre
tary of the Domestic and Foreign Mis
sionary Society.- The Rev. Dr. Junlus W.
Millard of Baltimore spoke on "The Pas
tor as an Educational Missionary Force"
Other speakers were the Rev. Herman P.
Beach, the Rev. Dr. Egbert W. Smith,
the Rev. Elmore Harris and Bishop Tho
burn, . . , -. . .- .
Addresses to Missionary Students.
LEAVEN WORTH. Kans., Feb. 28.—
James C. Read, late captain and commis
sary; MlchaclJ. Spellman. late captain,
and Delbert Jones, formerly^a first lieu
tenant in the Forty-third Infantry, under
sentence' of -three years each for connec
tion with . army contract frauds perpe
trated; In the Philippines, arrived from
the West to-day and were taken to the
federal penitentiary at Fort Leaven
worth.
Read's attorneys at once filed applica
tion in the. United States District Court
for a writ of habeas corpus to secure his
release on the grounds that having been
convicted by. a court of army officers he
was illegally held. Judge Hood will pass
on the application later.
James Allen, under sentence of life im
prisonment for murder, Herbert Caw
thorn, twenty years for 'murder, and W.
E. Babcock, six years, all from Manila,
also arrived at the prison to-day from the
West «rd began serving their sentences.
rive at the Military Lock-Up
. in Leaven worth. '
FORMER ARMY OFFICERS
NOW INJPRIS0N 1 CELLS
Two Captains and a Lieutenant Ar-
HIGHER WAGES
THE CONCESSION
Remarkable Record Is
Made by the National
Lawmakers.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.-The House to.
day broke all its records in the matter of
private pension legislation, clearing the
calendar and passing US bills in a little
over three hours.
A resolution for printing S500 copies of
the proceedings of the Schley court of
inquiry was adopted, after having been
amended to include "the findings of the
court. Admiral Dewey's opinion. Admiral
Schley s appeal to the President and the
President's decision thereon."
The reports on the contested election
cases of J. McKcntle Moss vs. John F.
Rhea. from the Third Kentucky District,
which was in favor of the Republican
contestant, and of N. D. Spears vs. John
S. Burnett, from the Seventh Alabama
District, which was in favor of the sit
ting member, a Democrat, were reported
and placed on the calendar. •
The House then went' Into committee
of the whole and entered upon the con-
Elderation of the private pension bills.
Hopkins of Illinois, chairman of tli«
Committee on Census, presented Ihe con
ference report on the bill to locate a per
manent census bureau. It was" agreed to
without debate. The House then ad
journed until Monday. .:
The British Government several weeks
ago paid LJUywhite £600 and yesterday
a ticket for the whole routa of his re
turn trip was sent him through th*
American Embassy.
LJllywhite's vindication and the repara
tion made to him by the British Govern
ment came, however, too late for that
member of the family who followed thia
trial with th« keenest interest. LJlly
whlte yesterday buried his aged mother,
who died on Wednesday. Her death, ho
believed, was much hastened by worry
over his arreat and trial.
LONDON, Feb. 23.-Charles Llllywhite,
the American arrested in New Zealand
for a murder he never committed and
brought to England, where he w&s lodged
In Jail - for several months, sailed to-day
on the St. Paul on his way back to New
Zealand.
Nlghtlythe red glare of the . funeral
pyres, they say, may be seen across the
Colorado River, - lighting up the horizon
all. around the mountain chain that encir
cles their reservation— for the Indians are
following their ancient custom in the dis
position of their dead.
The odor of burning flesh ,may be de
tected for miles from the scene of the
cremations. With the dead Is burned all
the property of the deceased. The Yumas
continue the poorest Indians In America
as a result of this custom.
EL PASO, Texas, Feb. 23.— Arizona peo
ple in El Paso to-day tell of an epidemic
of measles that is prevailing alarmingly
among . th)a Yuma Indians' of that Terri-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Yuba Indians Burn Vic
tims of a Measles ,
Epidemic. .
prisoned i American
Passes Away»
Aged Mother of an Im-
HOUSE HANDS
OUT PENSIONS
The coppers struggled manfully' with
their examination papers and sighed with
relief when they completed their strenu
ous work. "If I had. known It was so
hard I'd never have g-on© to the front,'
said one member of the force. "When I
received my papers," said another, "I
clean forgot all I knew. Imagine a fellow
trying to enawer: 'How often and in .
what manner do. you clean your re
\olver and cartridges? Give reasons for
Keeping: your weapon and cartridges
clean.' My first idea was to answer: '"To
ke<?p your back pocket clean."
One patrolman was disappointed. He
had primed himself with answers to the
following Questions, but they were not
asked:
Why should the spirit of mortal be
proud?
When was the first fantan gamo dis
covered in Chinatown?
Did Schley or Sampson command at
If a man offered you a 550 tip, would
you or wouldn't you?
Why is a mouse when it spins?
. When is a hen?
When were goats first discovered on
Telegraph Hill?
The examination papers were three In
number and contained Questions in police
procedure, arithmetic and making out of
reports. They were distributed by Edwin
F. Moran, chief examiner. The candidates
for promotion were seated an long tables
in the assembly hall of the Girls', High
School. Mr. Moran told the men what
tbey had to do. and gave the signal to
commence at 1:20 p. m. Before an hour
had passed nngera were covered with ink,
beads of perspiration stood out on fore
heads, and many wished they were pa
trolling their beats. If a man desired to
leave the room he was taken In tow by
a clerk of the Civil Service Commission.
The officers had to write a report on
killing a horse that fell down and broke
its legs. One of the officers said he sub
mitted the following:
If 4 men can do a piece of work In 5
days, how long will it take 6 policemen to
do the same work in 3 days?
This question proved difficult to answer.
The candidates . lost -weight trting to
'-think of the correct answer. Louis Sayres
and "Slats" Sullivan counted their fingers
until they were blue In t£e face; Dan
Sylvester did a monologue that contained
harsh words; Officers Magee and - Beach
wished they had. the Marconi system per
fected; Phil Fryer regretted that like
Caesar he was ambitious; Officer Knight
reduced his weight -worrying over an
answer; Policeman Chappelle imagined
that policemen, should not be compelled to
•work, and one officer grew dizzy over the
question and gave up the struggle. On
his examination paper was found writ
ten in a shaky hand: "If I have to be so
well educated to be a policeman, I will go
back to the minea."
The Civil Service Commissioners will
devoto the next two weeks to an examina
tion cf the papers, and will then render
their decision. . ;.¦ ;
CRUEL ARREST
HASTENS DEATH
"The Senator, from South Carollna L was
notcalled:to;order by anybody. I think
we had, better proceed."
, Burrows ; explained • that ho had had no
opportunity; during^ the roll call to direct
the Senate's attention to Tillman's words.
Chairman , ; Frye said : '.'The , Senator " has
withdrawn the. remarks.; Is there obiec
tion in the Senate to their withdrawal?"
t>. "I 'object, Mr.. President," insisted .Diet
rich (R. of : Nebraska). .< The effect of the
objection is to incorporate Tillman's words
in the record of the proceedings. ¦ -
¦ Ayes — Aldrlch.- Allison, Bacon. Bailey. .' Bard.
Bate. Berry, Blackburn,-, Burrows, Carmack,
Clark I of : Montana, Clay, ; Cockrell, .. Culberson,
Cullonv Depew, . Dillingham, Dolllver, Duboiti,
Elklns, Fairbanks, Fo,raker. ; Foster- of Louisi
ana,' ' Frye, Galllnger, , Gibson, '. Hansbrough,
Harris, Hawley, Hoar, Kearns, Lodge," Mc-
Cumbcr, McEnery, McMillan, Mallory, Martin,
Mitchell,;- Money, Nelson.- Patterson, Perkins,
Pettus, Platt of Connecticut, . Quarles. Rawlins,
Simmons,: Stewart, ¦ Tallaferro, Teller, Turner,
Vest, -"Warren, -Wetmore — 04.
Noes— Beveridge; Clark of Wyoming, Deboe,
Dietrich. Foster of Washington, Kean. ,Klt
trldge, McComas, Mi Hard, Prltchard, Proctor,
Scott— 12.-' ¦- ; •; .'....'•_ ' ( '
! *As soon as .the'vote was announced Bur
rows demanded that the statement of Till
man; made ¦ during the - roll . call. Ae . read
to . the Senate. '¦ Scarcely had the clerk
concluded the. reading when .Tillman,- ad
dressing'the President, said:
'"The words .uttered by me were not in
tended, to be offensive,- and if they were
so considered, I very gladly withdraw
them.". ._-.¦ . •¦•.! • - ¦;.•¦• .
(' As Burrows was about, to address the
Senate Teller said:. - ¦ *£&*"•#".- - -
Then .he resumed hia seat, amid gasps
of astonishment among Senators and
spectators. Burrows hastened to the desks
of the official stenographers and directed
that Tillman's words be written but at
once. At the conclusion of. the roll call,
¦but before the announcement of the vote,
Kean of- New Jersey, who had voted for
the resolution, addressed the president
pro tem,; saying: , ..
."/Having heard the Senator from South
Carolina (Tlllman) again insult the Sen
ate,:! change my .vote from, aye to no.".
The resolution ¦ was adopted— 54 to 13— the
detailed vote being as follows:
"Among gentlemen," said he, slowly,
and hls v words were heard distinctly in
the uttermost parts of the chamber, "an
apology for an offense committed under
the; heat of blood/is usually, considered
sufficient." T ii)jT 7ii 1 ~t_7iT |r ''i 1HM Mm
When Tlllman's name was called : he
rose deliberately. Every eye in the cham
ber, was fixed upon him. His. face was
stern and. set -and he. was very pale. Evi
dently he was laboring under great emo
tion. 1 \
"Among Gentlemen," He Says.
"Being related by kinship to one of the
Senators involved, • I ask to be excused
from voting." The request was granted.
I McLcLurln of South Carolina, one of the
offending Senators, said In response to his
name, which had been restored to the
roll: "I refrain from voting for obvious
reasons."
-t- Bacon called attention to hwat he con
sidered an important omission in the nar
rative, by the majority of the occurrences
of last Saturday. There was no official
record of . the proceedings in the secret
(executive) session, he said, but some Of
the salient facts ought to be brought out.
He said that the senior Senator from
South Carolina (Tillman) had expressed
his desire, through the Senator from Ken
tucky (Blackburn), to make public ac
knowledgment of his error and to apolo
gize' to the Senate. The junior Senator
f rota South Carolina (McLaurln) had ex
pressed the same desire through him (Ba
con). He deemed it important that the
facts should be made a part pf the record.
Galllnger said that under the ' Senate
rules it was not competent to move a sub
stitute minority for a majority report,
otherwise he would move to substitute the
minority report for that of the majority,
as he believed the minority report recom
mended the precise kind of punishment
that ought to be inflicted on the Senators
involved. [ The minority report, he thought,
properly differentiated between the de
grees of offense committed by the Sena
tors. In the circumstances ho felt con
strained to vote for, the resolution. When
the name of McLaurln 'of, Mississippi was
reached in the roll call he said:
Both Men Penitent.
I concur in oil the foregoing views except
as to the pnlshment of the Junior Senator from
South Carolina. It Is my opinion that the
punishment he has already suffered - Is ade
quate to his offense. .1 make no recommenda
tion as the ¦ punishment < to be Imposed on the
senior Senator from South Qirollna.
The .objection that no punishment should de
prive a sovereign State of its votes In the
Senate falls when we consider the rights - of
all the States, and, above, all, the duty of the
Senate to punish adequately 'a grave offense.
Pritchard's addition to the above state
ment is in the following language:
constitution,, conferring upon each house
of Congress power to punish its members
for disorderly? behavior. The report con
cludes by recommending that Senator
McLaurin be suspended from his func
tions as a Senator, for five days, and that
Senator Tillman . be suspended for twen
ty-five days.-. They odd: .
PYRES BLAZE
IN THE CAMPS
. The minority ..report then enters upon
am extended argument' in support; of thia
proposition, i The ' argument is based : upon
the second, clause, ,llfth section,- of the
. The. junior' Senator from South Carolina Is
guilty of- unparliamentary. language. ,The
senior - Senator from * South Carolina is guilty
of physical violence/; Neither, , In : the , stat
utes of- any ' State nor. In the common opinion
of mankind are. these, two: offenses the same
If! the Senate is to retain the respect 'of the
country it," must ' retain its own self-respect
This' cannot .be: done .by lightly passing over
the grave ofTense.it;has suffered.'. - The lightest
form of punishment- is a' reprimand or censure
it :is the Matter,' which' the majority 'proposes
to Inflict for the two offenses differing In char
"acter, and gravity. , - The minority of the'; com
mittee are of the opinion that this punishment
is . Inadequate' and to ignore the difference be- 1
tween the offenses Is unjust .The minority of
the committee : are • of ' opinion i that . suspension
of . the two offendjngr Senators- from , their Sen
atorial,: privileges ..heretofore inflicted ;¦ should
now ¦ be : formally adjudged ; and continued for
different periods of time. . ;
In this statement the Senators signing
It < say that while; they, accept the state
ment of the case as made in the princi
pal report, they, do not. agree with, the
majority, of the committee as to the pun
ishment proposed by the majority. - They
then say:
The report of the minority of the com
mittee was then read. This . was ' pre
sented \ by , McComas on behalf of himself
and Beveridge, in which, Prltchard con
curred, in part. .••;.«¦¦
c Gravity of the Crime.
The penalty of a- censure by the Senate in
the nature of things must. vary in actual se
verity In proportion to the. public sense of the
gravity of the offense, of which the offender
should be adjudged guilty. Therefore, notwith
standing the fact that in the opinion of the
majority of the committee there is a defense of
the gravity of the offense under consideration,
your committee Is of opinion that public good
and the dignity of the Senate will alike be best
promoted and protected, so far as this particu
lar- case 1b concerned, by imposing upon . each
Senator by formal vote the censure of the Sen
ate for' the, offense by; him 'committed, and
therefore recommend that adoption of the.res
olution. ¦ . .'¦'¦¦
At the conclusion of the reading of the
majority report . Bailey offered the fol
lowing statement as representing the
views of himself and four, other Senators,
as follows: , •
We dissent from eojnuch of the report of the
committee as ? asserts the power of the Senate
to suspend a Senator and thus deprive a State
of Its vote, and so much as ' describes the of
fenses of the Senators as of different gravity;
but we approve the resolution reported.
J. . W. Bailey, E. K.; Pettus', Joseph C S
Blackburn, . Fred . T. 1 Dubols, Murphy J. Foeter,
members of the Committee : on Privileges and
Elections. ¦/ • . ' . • . ' ¦
Such a charge, under any circumstances,
should be resented by any man worthy to be a
Senator; but, made ae it was, In this Instance,
its offenslveness was greatly Intensified nnt.1 the
result must have been foreseen by Mr. Tlllman
if he took any thought, as he should, of the
consequences of his statements. This feature
of his offense, coupled with the fact that he
also commenced the encounter by quitting his
Beat some distance away/ from Mr. McLaurln,
and. rushing violently upon him, struck him
in the face, makes the case one of such ex
ceptional misbehavior that a majority of the
committee are of opinion that this offense was
of much greater gravity than that of Mr. Mc-
Laurin. '-naS*** .
Tlie Offense of Tillman.
In the case of Mr. Tlllman the record shows
that th« altercation was commenced by the
charge made against Mr. McLaurln. Such a
charge Is Inexcusable except' In connection
with a resolution to Investigate. Mr. Tlllman
not only made the charge without any avowal
of a, purpose to. investigate, but also disclaim
ing knowledge of evidence to establish the
offense and this he said after the charge had
been specifically and unqualifiedly denied by
Mr. McLaurln.. . '
After the reading of the, resolution by
the clerk Burrows presented the report of
the majority of the committee, saying in
that connection it was understood, that
those members of the committee who did
not agree with the majority should have
opportunity to present their views. Mc-
Comas of Maryland said he would sub
mit the views: of the minority. The re
port of the majority. was then read. The
report presented the history of the alter
cation in the Senate and quoted the lan
guage then used by the Senators. All
agreed to this statement. The report then
continued as follows:
That the conduct of the two Senators was an
Infringement on the privileges of the Senate,
a violation of its rules and derogatory to i its
high character, tending to bring the body itself
Into public contempt, cannot be questioned . or
denied. ' Indeed- the Senate by unanimous vote
has already placed ;on records" condemnation
of the Senators, by declaring*; both guilty of
contempt. The majority of the committee are
of opinion that the legal effect of- adjudging
these Senators In contempt of the Senate was
to suspend their functions' as Senators, and
that such a punishment for dlsojOerly behavior
was clearly within the power of .the Senate,
"but the conclusion they have reached makes it
unnecessary to discuss this question:
The offenses committed by the. two Senators
were not. In the opinion of a majority of the
committee, of equal gravity. The charge made
by Mr. Tlllman had been before In the Senate
specifically denied in carllamentary language
by Mr. McLaurin. The offense charged against
Mr. McLaurln was among the most reprehen
sible a Senator could commit. .He could not
Ignore it or fall to refute it and hope to be
longer respected as either a man or a Senator.
Mr. McLaurin did not commence the encounter,
but only stood In his place at his desk, where
he. was speaking, and resisted the attack that
was made upon him. In other words, his of
fense was confined to the use of unparliament
ary language, for which ho had unusual provo-^
cation. Nevertheless, his offense was a viola
tion of the rules of the Senate of so verlous a
character that in the opinion of the committee
It should be condemned.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— Senators Mo-
LAurln and Tlllman .were; to-day severely.
censured by the .Senate ; for the sensa-,
tlonal personal encounter on the floor of
the Senate last Saturday. The adoption
of th« resolution 'Ottf censure probably
clones the incident, so far as McLaurln or
the Senate Is concerned: Tlllman Insulted
the Senato to-day, but quickly withdrew
his words. ' \
When the Senate was called to order a
notably largo attendance of Senators was
on the floor- and the . galleries wero
thronged. Both McLaurin and , Tlllman o£
South (jarollna were In their seats. Great
Interest was manifested by Senators and
by spectators In the gallery ; In. the read
ing of the Journal, which contained the
protest of Tlllman against not being per
mitted to vote while under, the ban of the
Senate's order of contempt.' .'• ¦' • .
' Burrows of Michigan, , chairman of - the
Committee on Privileges and Elections,
Immediately .after the Journal was ap
proved, addressed the chair, saying that
by direction ; of the committee he was In
structed to make a report on ¦ the con
troversy arising out of the personal alter
cation on the floor !ofjthe Senate between
Senator fTillman and j Senator McLaurln..
By order of the Senate the subject had
been referred to the: Committee on Privi
leges and Elections, . and . the following
resolution ¦ had rbeen formulated by that
committee: ¦.¦•*•- ¦ \ t ' . ; '• . .! ; -
• That It is the ' Judgment of . the , Senate . that
the Senators' from. South: Carolina, Benjamin
R. Tlllman and John •!<.'. McLaurln, 'for disor
derly behavior and flagrant < violation of the
rules of the Senate during the open session of
the Senate, on the 22d day, of February, deserve
the censure of the ¦ Senate and they, are hereby
so censured for their breach ¦ of the privileges
and dignity of this body ;< and from and after,
the adoption of * this resolution the , order ad
judging them In* contempt of the Senate shall
be no longer in force and effect.
Report of the 1 Majority.
Qre&t Crowd of Spectators Gathers to
; > Listen to the Discussion Over
the DlBgraceful Encoun
ter in Washington.
iouth Oarolinans . Who Had
a Fight Are Severely s
Oen8ured;
Rebellious^ Southerner
Again Utters Harsh
Words.
NEW INSULT
BY TILLMAN
STIRS SENATE
POLICEMEN STRUGGLE MANFULLY
TO CORRECTLY ANSWER QUESTIONS
Civil Servite Commission Examines Patrolmen Who Are Desirous
of Being Promoted to the Rank of Corporal
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAYy MARCH 1, 1902.
3
DR. PIEECE'S EEMEDIES.
TM¥og¥i6ws
.That there Is something wrong with his
master. They have no more romps and
rambles. He tries in vain to coax the
listless youth from his chair.
! When the lungs
ness soon.begins Vv^ <>>.^
ether conditions ¦ J&Bv&BBSff^Ji*'''-''-'
Mr, T. W. Price, of
Ozarfc. Monroe Co.. Ohio. «He was yrery bad
w h <;? I commenced to give him the 'dolden
Medic*! Discovery.' The doctors claimed be
had consumption ard we doctored with them
until he was past walking, it has been ten
months since he stopped takinsr your medicine
cud he is ia good health. We arc very thankful
to you for saving our son."
Accept no substitute for " Golden Med- .
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just *
aa good ? for diseases of the stomach* '
blood, end lungs. Substitution means a"
little more profit for the dealer but a loss
tor yon.
r Dr. Pierce'a Pleasant Pellets cure con- i
stipation and its consequences. '
?** ;•/;¦:<¦}-:»;•: . ' __:_;¦__¦-_ •¦;¦_¦_'._._'_• ADVTBBTISEMENTS. \_ ..:- ;-..'j-.i'
;T ' jV,.'^ "•':'. ../s^.^,.,.^.^ ) '*." i '•'/'-•' , ¦ "¦, \j\i\\ i ?r— '— n
r,. .'.'"•••¦. ¦"'"/¦ One may sail the sons and visit every land nntl everywhere will find, |J| ;;A \ |m\% \ ;\
'•. ' '¦*.' — "-*•' •*• I '•'"•¦¦¦•'/. that men of affairs, whd are well informed, have neither the time ill £$\ V \ \ "I \
'•• / : nor the inclination, whether on pleasure bent or business, to use those W $ji?\ \ \ \ '• \
,7 i medicine^ which cause excessive purgation and then leave the internal / ll jf?$\ \ \ \ '• \
/ ' organs In a constipated condition. Syrnp^ of Figs is not built on those u ' \ \ \ \ \
/ lines. It acts naturally, nets effectively, cleanses, sweetens anil strengthens H '•? i &£A'.'V\ \ V \ f>
/ ' the" internal organs anil leaves them in a healthy condition. I ' I W'^'\-' \ ? \ '*• '• '
I '..- If In, need of a laxittlve remedy the^'iriott excellent is Syrnp of Flgr«, but I ( " V^rCv^-'Vvv. -.. \ \ \
• / , when anything moro than a laxative Is required the fafe and tclentlflc plan .'I *«&'$Sl\\ V'- ; - \ \ • \
/ If to consalt a competent physician and no't to reiort to thoic medlclue^ I %££$&&' ¦\ i - ¦'¦ -\ \ \
\/, K which claim to euro all manner of dlseaiei. „ I 4.'' - W^W^^^^^^VaJPSa^ 1 "*^^ \
\ k'Vs/ " The California Fig Syrup Co. was the flnt to mannfactnre a laxative remedy I " \ \/-^-X|^ ; i?^>^^«^^i^ '^^"'^FSltu^*^
' i'^'*/ which would give satisfaction to all 5 a- laxative ; which physicians could 1 1 Mip^'-V*'^ "V s>ri * i " % r'3
; ''*'tf';.i:/. sanction and one friend recommend to another ; 10 that today Its sales probably 1 . I T'"\ \ \ ¦
it exceed all other laxatives combined; In some places considerable quantities of I , \ \ I ¦ \ \ \
I olil-tlmo cathartics and modern Imitations are still sold, but with the general \ \ '•¦ I \ \ t ,,^ r'T'T
J . diffusion of knowledge, as to the best medicinal agents, Syrup of Figs has come 1\ \ / ...\"'S"\ \ » >
I Into general use with the well-Informed, because it Is a remedy of known ralue ry \ /.i**'S" \ \ \ \
••s. ( 1 1 < and ever beneficial action. • •, l\\ V'Y \* 1 '*• \ \
'^j ¦'¦';.¦. l The quality of Syrup cf Figs is due not only to the excellent combination of l"Yi» i V'"'\A \ \ \ \
V;;: ( ... ii. the laxatlvo and carminative principles of plants, known to act most beneficially Ll': i V/' \ '• \" \
, •'-,'• on the system, with agreeablo and refrcshlns aromatic liquids, but also to the \\'"/.^-. \ \ \ \
¦ <l .'"^.'i \ -orglnal method of manufacture. In order to get the genuine and lu beneficial I \^'/'/("y)': t .\S.J. \ \ \
'•>' % effects one should always note the full name of the Company— California Fig lTj/ .y»V' ',-'?.> -7 *X^»^-- ' •
• .."^v * j Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package. 1 — •jtv; ;;•'*, !• X; > V-' •*• '. N^^*"^^"^O Time TimeJ. Timel |Ttm«(- "¦-- >
5 Tt. = Ft. Ft. I -I FL'
» H W| • L W H W| , |L Vf\. -¦¦'¦
- 1 4:101 4.8 11:10 1.2 C:03 3.6|10:S3 ~£.^
2 4:56 4.7 12:07 1.1 7:17 • 3.7111:40 3.0.
,;3 6:50 4.6 1:00 0.9 8:18 8.9 .„..
: L, W ; H W L, AV H W •
4 0:45 . 3.0 6:48 4.fi 1:47 0.7 0:05 ,4.1
5 1:39 '3.0 7:45 4.7 2:31 0.6 »:14 4.3
6 2:30 .2.8 8:35 '4.8 3:12 0.5 10:10 4.6
¦ 7 I 3:15 2.6 9:g{ ,5.0 3:50 0.4 10:49 49
TO BAIL.
Steamer. ¦ , ; From. ¦ . . I Dae. i
Washtenaw.. Tacoma V Mar. 1
R. Dollar.... Seattle & Hadlock ..... Mar. 1
Curacao...... Mexican .. Ports Mar. 1
G. Dollar.... Kueneme Mar.'' 1
Mlneola Nanalmo Mar. 1
laqua 1. Ran- Pedro Mar. 1
l'omuna Humboldt Mar. 1
Columbia.... Portland A Astoria .... Mar. 1
Cresc»nt City Crescent City Mar. 2
Mackinaw,, .» Tncoma Mar. 2
Arcata Coos Hay & Port Orford Mar. a
Umpire...... Coos Hoy .-. Mar. 2
J. 8, Ktmba!) Hmttln &¦ Tacoma ..... Mar. -2
State at Cal, Hun Diego & Way Ports. Mar. 3
Pan Jose..... Panama A Way Ports. Mar. 3
Rival Wlllnpa Harbor 1 ....... Mar. 3
Alliance.,... I'ortliuut A Way Ports. Mar. 3
M. Dollar.... Ban Pedro Mar. 3
Umntllla )'UK«t Hound Ports ....Mar. .1
Kiireka Humboldt Mar.' % 3i
Edllh Oenttln Mar. 4
Coptic China A Japan Mar. 4
Alnm«da Honolulu M«r. 4.
Donlta Newport A Way Ports.. Mar. 4
J'nleim ValiisrMlid A Way Pts. Mar. it
Tsls f.iitil,. .....,.-. Mar. fl
H.Monica.... Han Pedro Mar. 6
J'nlrii Aiftui. . Point Arena Mar. 6
North Kork. . Humboldt ......Mar. 0
(I. w, Elder. Portland ft Astoria .... Mar. 0
rlpnknne., ... Rnn Dleso A Way Parts. Mir. (1
Hitlnlrr Prnttlo A New Whatcom Mar. ft
City Pucbla.. Pugrt Bound Ports ....Mar. 8
Ooos May..., Hun Pedro A Way Ports Mar. 8
Argyll New York via Panama. Mar. U
Vi'iitiirii. . ... Hydney A Way Port*... Mar. lA
Newport I'annnifi A Way Ports... Mar. 10
Amrr. Maru, . China & Japan ......... Mar. 11
Bteamsr. Destination. | Balls.) Pier.
Mnrch 1. "* "| ~*~
Thoenlx.... Mendoclno City.... 8 pmlPler IH
ll.C.Und'er Orays Harbor .,., a |.m|i'i<»r 3
laqua tlumbotdt 0 amilMar 2a
l't, Arena.. Point Arena 3 pm 1'ivr Si
Muroh Z. .
Kunin Ana. fSraUU & Tacoma ,, 10 am Pltr Si
yu».n , i'u«ft Sound Torts, It am I'ltr u
bpokane... Ban DI«ro A Way., 0 am Tier It
, Mnrcli ». ,.-.., . „, .
a. Dollar., Grays Harbor' ..'.. 13 mP|#r a
Sfcjuola.... ««-uyH Harbor ft pm|nt«r a
M. Dollar.. Oraya Harbor 5 inniri.r 2
Qoos Day.". Ban P'Oro * Way., o am Pier 11
Alliance... Portland & Way.,, 10 am Pier 10
Kini>lre.... Coos Day ....'.'..;;. 12 m PUr l;i
Columbia!. AstorU & PortlanU 11 am Pier a»
Mu roll O>, "' '
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor ... 6 pm Pier 'J
Arcata....' Coos 11. & Ft. Orfd 13 m Pier lj
Kurcka.,.. Humboldt 0 am t'ier 13
Mate Cat.., f">" OI«K° * Way,. i> »m ci»r 14
p tru China -A. Japan..*. 1 pm PM88
Mnruh (J.
J, Klmball. Seattla & Tscoma.. 10 am Pier 3
Mnrch 7.
rionlta..... Newport * WayPt» n am Pier H
Curacao. ..."Mexican Ports .... 10 ampler 11.
UinatlUu... Puget Bound 'Ports. 11 am Pl«r l»
Miircli 'H.
ISls. Hamburg * Way.. Pirr 10
Hun Jose... Panama & Way Pts 13 m PMSS :
Alnmcda...' Honolulu .......... » pm Pier 7
Palena Valparaiso & Way.. 12 mlPltr 10
March O. |
O. W. Kldei Astoria Si Portland ill am Pier 2»
North Kork Humboldt ¦! 0 amlPler U
FROM SEATTLE.
Tho British Electric Traction Company
has, during the past year, earned '£600,000
In penny fares. • '¦',,,'' ' • .'
«Jteam«r«. ' * For. - I Halls.
Cottage City. Bkagway & Way Ports. Mar. 1
Al-Kl... fikagway & Way Ports. |Mar, 1
Farallon ..... Skagway ' & Way ' Ports. I Mar. 4
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. fl
Bertha Cooks Inlet A Way Pts.JMar. 7
•NOTEJ — In the above exposition oC the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth .time column, gives the last tide of the
di.y,. except when there are but three tides.' as
sometimes occurs. ' The heights Riven are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when ft minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given ie' subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
tbe lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Offlce; - U. 8. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, Ban Francisco, Cal.,
February 28, 1002. *
Tha Time- Ball tin the tower of the Ferry
building; Was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. •.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p, m., Greenwich mean time. • ¦ - -
..,.,. .,» w , H. STANDLEY, . .
Lieutenant, : U. 8. N., In. charge.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
The Oeeanlfl Btenmshlp Company steamer
Honoma, which sailed Thursday fur Hydney
and way ports, carried a iteneral merchandise,
carro ' valued at $11(1,2.11* exclusive of «om«
dcKtlnrd for Honolulu. The cnrKo wss mani
fested and destined as follows: For Australia,
SDI.2.17; New Zealand, *22.:!22; Humna, »;J2:»J;
FIJI Islsnds, fir.l; Houth Afrlra. 42222.' In ad
dition to the merchandise enrgo tho steamer
carried a shipment of treasure, vonnlstlng vt
The Sononm's Cargo.
The uteatner Pan Juan sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
valued st I78.60M, exclusive of eomn In tran
•It, manlfe«teil as follows: For. Mexico, $14,.
H7k; Central America, $62,677; Panama, $1113
The following wer« the principal shipments:
To Mexico— 21, iU2 ft lunil.fr, .'I42» lbs yrllow
metal, ll.pr.a lbs Ullow, ll.f.Mi lbs sreane
CK73 lbs rosin, U40 bdls shooks,. 7 pkgs nails,
J27 pkits srroceries and t>rovlslans, 10y bxs axes,
Bta lbs drl*4 fruit. 142 pkKS miscellaneous
hardwire, DO cs whisky, 5 cs braridy, 100
Experts by tho Panama Steamer.
Tha French bark Jsidurt Is chartered • for
wheat from. Portland to Europe at 25s 6d.
• The British ship Frrtl B. Scammell U chartered
to load redwood at this port for London, 70s;
the schooner Honolpu lumber atDlakeley for
Noumea, 48s M. Uoih chartered prior to ar
rival. The toarfcs fi. C. Alhrn and Andrew
%Velrh mill load ffrneral cargo lure for Huno
lulu.
Shipping Merchants.
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
Th» BrlUah ahlp Cawdor In coming to
on anchorage, th« other day lost her mud
hook and with It forty fert of, chain.
The tramp steamships Btrathgylo Hnd
Arab arrived yesterday In the Orient.
Some anxiety ,was felt, for their safety,
and had they not put in an appearance
both veaaela would yesterday have been
placed on the reinsured list.
Tho U. B. 8. AlbatronB has only one
anchor and lacks several. of her comple
ment of ofneers. Under the circum
stances It is with some risk that aha n
malns in the harbor, and without more
officers she cannot go to sea. Those now
aboard are praying for Una weather or
tha rpeedy arrival of uome more officer*.
She will etart on her regular cruise when
the latter arriv*. .
Wattr Front Notes.
The British uhlps Pcrlcle*. Fltntshlre
and BaJroorul cleared yesterday for tho
United Kinsrdom.
„.•:¦ Friday, February 28.
Htmr Ruth, HlKRlns, Kureka. ¦.:*•<
Himr (llpsy, Wwnnnon, Santa Crui.
Htmr Noyo, Johnson, Fort<HraBB.
Htmr Konnina, Von Oterendorp, Hydney.
Htmr '/ret Ic, Reiner, — — .' . ,
Himr Month Portland, Hears, Coos Day.
Htmr Hcotla, Wulvlr, yurtltn. ¦
Htmr Prorrcso, Harding, Heuttle.
Htmr I-iniilii. Olson," Cuspar. ¦•.,»'
Hinir.Oni'liiH, Meatnan, Heattle, .;'.,,
Htmr lU'ii'l'ti, Je»sen,':lCureka.
i<tmr. North Fork, Fossn, Kureka.
Kimr Hamon. Madsen. Cnspnr,
fltnr Miuh1iiIii>', llittcht.'lder, Unndoii.
Btmr San Juun ( Uny, Panama.
PA1M5P.
Friday, February 28. ,'
Htmr Hun Juan, Urry, Panama ami way
port*; Paclfle MullNtPiimiihn Oi>,
Mr Rhip I'i'ili-ii'fi. Hi-rnliTiion, Quecnstown; G
•\V MoNenr. , ¦ '
Ilr nlili» Unlmoral, Hoot, Antwerp! EpplnK<*r
A <'o.
Hr (tl>li> JHIntuhlr* 1 , ("oopor. Qucemtownj Ep«
jilnrrr & Co. —ifc
ObKARKU.
Friday, February 28. !„
fitmr Santa. Ana, Strand,' 5^ days from Be
nttlis fc-^^«WWSB*qw7SM»»(
Stmr Newburg;. Peterson, 40 hours from San
Pedr j. • '
Ship Glory of the Bras,' Krkem, 20 days from
Drs'hlD Scottish Hills, Ulackmore, 80 days
from Montevideo, arrived oft port and was
ordered to 'proceed north to Royal Roads. ,
Tiark C I) Hryant, Colly, 'JO days from Hono
lulu. : • ¦ • '
Fr Wrk Mnrthe Roux, Gamier, 120 day*
from Havre. /
Hr bark Invwrlyon, Sims. ¦ 150 -days from
N.wchhUc, ICnzland. ' «<iU«8l/ 1 l|ii«F*W*»6S»
Ur bark ' Pitcalrn Island, Manson, 84 days
from Newcastle, Australia.
Schr Co(jullle, Anderson, 30 days from Co
millle River. ¦ .
Hrhr Bophlt Christiansen, j.uudvuldi, 15 days
from tirays Harbor.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The nrltlsh ship Pericles wns cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders, with 47,70.'!
ctls wheat, valund at $52,500, and 24,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valutirt nt $300.
Thn iirlt I1O1 Nhl!) Flintshire wns also cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders, with
41,700 ctls wjhent, valued nt »4(l,i:i5, and 12,puu
ft lumber dunnwiP, valued at *180. • *¦ ,
The Hrltlsh ship llnlmornl -was, cleared yes
terday for Antwerp with the following cargo:
40 200 ctls wheat, valued lit f 48.240; 411,000 ctls
rye, valued at $41,200, nnd. 22,000 ft lumber
n« dunnage, valued at $330.
Breadstuff s for Europe,
The schooner Premier, th« first of this year's
salmon vessels. Is now loadlne at Fremont
street dock. This season's fleet of tin. Alaska
Packers' Association will consUt of the fol
lowing vessels:
Bhlp Star of Russia..: .".".""ohi
Ship Tacoma , ,,.17){t»
Ship liiilc'luthii , n'K'i
Ship Oriental \r,sn\
Ship Hlntram ltihil
Khlp Btar of Franc* inu
Bhlp Bohemia , ,.,,,iuXi
Ship Btsr of Italy ,,. , ,.,...1(114
Klilj. Rcllpse , , J603
Bhlp leauc Reed , ir.l^t
Hhlp Banta Clara ir.i5
Bhlp Indiana l ins
Khlp Llewellyn J. Morsu -. i:iu.'i
Bhlp Two Drothers : i:<8:»
Khlp Centennial 1287
Hnrk Reaper 1 |i;n
Dark Carondelet , ici.s
Dark Euterpe i:ti« i
Dark Fresno 1245
Dark Himalaya ,1027
tiark Coalinga ion]
Uark Electra 085 |
nark Nicholas Thayer :.., r.sr> I
Bark Will \V. Case r.sn
Schooner Oamble 72*>
Schopner Camano "2!
Bchooncr Okanogan 721
Bchooner Premier :n is \
Schooner Prosper 241
Btcamer Kvlchak 11B8
Steamer President I 377
Steamer Chllkat 1T2
Steamer Island Delia h;i
Steamer Jennie 121 !
Steamer Kayak us
Steamer Alltak 115
Steamer Kadlnk .' in
Hteamer Thistle 102
Steamer Hattle Qaxo hi
Steamer Qertle Storey 7,'|
Ht earner Afogrnak ,, , on
Steamer Klsi« ' , nil
Steamer Klla Rohlffs (il
Hteamer Paclflo (Ill
Btramer Royal ii.l
Hteamer WlKwnm , (10
Ktramer Polar Dear , r.H
fiteamer Novelty r>7
Hteamer Qulnnat A.I
Hteamer Reporter ...........,,,,, Co
Hteamer Lillian 45
Hteamer Katahdln 4i
Hteamer Ryba ...a 40
Htrumer Aleut ..../ as
Salmon Fleet for 1002.
flAnkH qulcksllvrr, r>3 pIcrs nmchlnery, 20 pkes
paints Mini nils, 14 r* fuse, (1 rikgif ntcrlcutturnt
Implements. 2(>t> biiIh wine, 1070 Ihs millstuffs,
1128 Ibn raisins, M nhgs druxs, in pkKS enn
dies, 102 lbs nuts, 12A2 lbs starch, 200 lbs cod
fish, 204 pkKi steel nnd Iron, 20 cs coal oil,
3 bales leather, 2 coils rope.
To Central America— 2112 bbls flour, 102,427
lbs bluentone, 23,n<l.'i ft lumber, 40.12 lbs mlll
ftuffs, £004 Urn codfish, -tit* lbs cheese, MIP
lbs a cs bread, lsr.o lbs besps, uiys |t>s hnm,
I4O0 lbs Isrd, IH.rifM) lbs tnllow, 40,524 lbs rlc»,
62M lbs seeds, IITHil lbs soda, 11,210' lbs mil
phate of cppper, !I8 cs and M10 Kills wine,
ION cs and 47 Kals whisky, 70 pes brldxe ma
terial, 10 ctls barley, 1T.7 pkKS bnttled brer,
4U.'1O R-als ri.nl oil, 21ft bbls cement, 27 liktot
candles, a Inns coke', 3 tons cnnl, 2ft cs assorted
rantii'd Roods, immi lbs drlnd fruit, 105 {ikits dry
Roods, mi bnlrs rotton domestics, IN itkis drunit,
17 [ikes fresh fruit, fl tnns firs r)fvy, i>nN pkgs
groceries and provisions, ins pUns mlscsllnnn.
ous hardware, 2 bales leather, 10 prkn mHchln
• iy. 110 pk*s nnlls, 45 crs (.nlons, 177 crs tm>
taoes, 24 pktrs |>nste, NOU bdls paper, 117 pkxs
paints .mil nils, 120 kegs powder, M pkRS prlnt-
Ina; material,, loo flanks quicksilver, 127 lbs
tea, SI iikxs sewing machines, io cs salmon,
2(Mi lbs splcru, 10 reels Imrbed wire.
To J'anums— 250 bbls flour, 100 cs soap, 24TH
lbs suitsr.
$2000 In Mrxlcnn rtollnn. rtmtlnfd for Ruvn,
FIJI, InlnndK, Tho prlnclpnl mercVinndlno ex
|)ort* wem im folluwii:
Tb AuntrnllH -27,440 ctl» barley, M.7H0 lbs
bluentoim 7 pkit* bottled beer, 13 i>kK»i bicycles
nnrl miii'Ii I'M. •!'«! cm boots and mIioph, 22 cm
rubbrr nhof*, 15U0 cs asmrtrd Canned Rood*.
25,54.'! II. n roffi'P, »r»(l Hi* cnilfl»ll, «7W) Ibo <1riM
null, 44 pkxs iIiiikh, 8 i>Iik» iiinln-n and partn,
l.U'l doon, St'K) tikici*" .inctal pollnh,
.'» pknn murhlnury, 1(100 lbs r mlll»tuff»,
,80 pkw |"'|..t, 44 Imli-M iivpihIIk. IT. cm imlut,
1W1 Urn ruUlnn, 14,n:i5 Him «red«t, 1B» polln rope.
2.170 lbs shrlmim, !M ph imnned siUmon, 84
bxs tyjm, 2(1 i>kKN rubber horn*.
To N<!W Zealand— It |ik«» bleyele* and nun
drlPB, lilt cs bootH nnd »hnnii, 777 on cnim««1
kih.iIm, u.iHi um 1'niin.xh. vim lbs ooffen, 2(V.:kio
lbn tilled fniH, 2H |ikK* druRS, » pkus ennlnes
nnd pnrts, 200 phsn metal jioIIhIi, n pks» ma.
fhtnery, 700 llm mllUtuffii, » bales overalls,,
24H bills nuwspitpevK, ft »s imlnt, MH2 llm ral
slnn, 25 cs rubber Kfiods, ,(HI!i cs rnnnnd sulmon,
lf\7H lbs si'eds, 10 cs tomato cntsup, 1 cs wine.
To KHm(i«—2r> bbls flour, IBM lbs breiid, 2400
lbs il.-... 2.'IH cs canned nntmnn, 22 pkRS salt
Kalmnn, 42 cs nsNorled canned Ronir, <i pkKH
car materlnl, 141C pk«s Rrocerlrs and provisions,
H pkKH t"Hddlr>ry nnd Iihiiipss, fi jikKs dry goods,
400 Tlis dried pens, 1240 Urn cnlTefl, 10 |ik»H
cordage, 0 es coul oil, 17 reels Imrbed wire, ft
ensks bottled beer, 17 pktts furniture. ¦
To FIJI Islnnds— 10 «s ennned fruit, 10 es
canned salmon, 208 lbs dried fruit, V pkf dry
To South Afrlcn — '.'.Vi ch canned' salmon, 311
ch ennned fruit, n7R0 lbs dried fruit. •
NICAH HAY— PBMod out Ffb 28— Nor utmr
Mnthlldn, for United Klnedom; itmr« Maikl
naw nnd John B'Klmball, for Sun Fr«ne(Hco. -
1'iuhftl In Feb 28— Bhlp America, hence Fob
.21. for Bonttle; :ital Hhln "MBcdliirmld, from
I<lvcrpr'Ol,- for Vancouver. • ".,;••¦;% •¦
• 1HJKNEMK— Vnnneil F<b;28; fS p . m— Stmr
'Ciirnrnn, from Ouaymaa, for San 'FrancUco. ¦-.
, nAl.hAHii—ArrlvMlKch L'8— S.lir A M Bax
ter, frnm Bun DlfBo., . ' ,'
PORT QAMHTyK— Arrived:,: Feb , 28-f)ktn
John 'Palmer, 'from port Tnwnnend.
. > PORT ANOEL12B— In t>drt ' Feb 28— Dr ihlp
POltTI.AN 1) -Sailed Ftb 28— Hark > Ilcmuet.
for <-m>o Town; utmr.Thyra, for IfnnitkunK.
OUAVB TIARUOR— Arrived; Feb 28— Stmr
Coronado, hfnee Feb 25.
Arrived Feb 28, 10 a m— Stmr, Stinta Har
unrn, hence Feh 20,
BAN PEDRO— Arrived Ffb ; 28— Btmr. Curn
can, from OoiiyniiiM; iichr. Ranaor, from Port
ninkelcy; «tmr Del Norte, from, Creacent City.
Mailed Feb 28— Stmr» Fulton" and Curacao,
for Rail Frunclncoj Hohr P 8 Redfleld. , for Port
Towncend; bktn John Bmlth. for • Port illnke
l*y, ,-¦,¦ ,..-¦ ¦ -• ¦, ,',..;
VENTURA— Arrived Ftb 28— Stmr Oeo Loo
mlB, hence Feb 27, and lalled for Ban Fran
cisco. • ,
Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Cooa Bay, for Ban Fran-
ClUOO. '- ¦• 1 • c
•COOS HAY— Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francl»co.
TACOMA— Sailed Feb 2?— Br stmr Klntuclc,
for China nnd Jaonn.
Hailed Feb U.S— Bchr Eric,' for : Sun ' Prdro.
, Arrived Feb 2S -Stmr Aatee, hence Feb 21.
WHATCOM— Arrived Feb 28— Btmr Rainier,
from Hcnttlc. ¦ - v
Balled Veh 27 — Schr Roy Somers, for Ban
Pedro. - loMiftjMrtotHniTiin >>ft Vbwii . .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
; roiJT TO \V N H KN I>— Arrived F*b 28— Bc'nr
A'ltnlnil, from Bun 1'edroi ichr . Hnlbon, • f rom
Vnltmrnlxo. t
niCDfif^DO— Arrived Feb 27— Stmr Cliehalli,'
from UrHiw llnrbor,' .
¦ aKATTLH-Hnlled Feb 27— Stmr DlrlKO, for
Hkagwny.' »¦•,-•"" , '
Arrived Fell ii7— Hark Harventcr, henco, Feb
0. ' Frb 28— Rtmr City of Puebla, h*nc« Fob
Uo; Btmr tiMimtch, hence Feb 24; bark FcrrU
8 Thompson, from Ulnlne.
Arrived Fn'j -Br «hlp Kln»f Qeorge, rron
Port niakelay; itmr Ftnlnlnr, henc» Fob 24.
Halleil F«b 1!S— Htmr llmatllln, for Ban FTan-.
clucoj utmr City of Senttlo, for Hkngway. ,
PORT HLAKKLKY— Bailed « Feb 28— Dark
PrusBlu, for Ban Franclaco; «chr R('bcrt Lew*
tn. for Honolulu. \ '
• ¦ Arrived Feb 23-^Bchr Uobrrt Srarleu. from
Honolulu. •¦ ,i ''»¦¦¦«
ASTORIA' — Arrived Feb 28— Br ship nock
hurit, from Mollcndoj Fr bark Oen Faldherbe,
from Hcbart. 1 • ¦ ¦ ¦
Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Columbia, for Ban Fran
cisco.
POINT LOH08, Feb J!S, 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind N\V, velocity 1(J mllei per hour.
TBLKaiiArnic.
Jnn 14, Int aa 17 B, Ion 127 4R W, llr hnrk
Chrm Colpflworlh;' from rriiser It Ivor, for Llv
ortiool, •',-¦¦<
¦ Hanic, rtato — Ocr whip Ilenrlette, hence Deo
lo, for tjucrn^town.'
1'cr Hchr NoUnmla— 'Kelt IN, off drays H»r«
hor, Vv Ymrk KurUhurnt, from Mollondn, for
'•r«>Kon. Al«o n Kr bark with forptoiianlliitit
mimt'Ccnn, v«i'fcj*
I'll- .Inn itmr Nhlnnnn Maru, nt Vlrlorln--
Krb 20, off o<|te' rinttrry. llr hnrk Uwydyr
(,'nntle, from t'nnnmn, far I'ugct Hound.
lVr Ur bnrk I'ltrnlrn- Inland, from Nrwcnu
tie, Auk, r#b 2N~Kph «l, Int 84 !» N, Ion US no
w.'Bhlp Kenllworlh, from Tftfoma, for Que«ni
town.
I'fr Fr bark Mnrtlio Jlaux— J«n .1, off Cape
Horn, Vr hark Kit llruyert, h^ncft Nnv II, for
QucpiiHtt'wn.
U « wtnir HiirIi Mri'iillocli, Palling, crulie,
Innrvirch of tiktn Northwwl. .
Aim iiimr Miirln, IIIikIIcIi, Niuinlrnn.
l<l«htnhl{i No 70, Kenvall/i mooring outnlde
htadi.
<!it ftliln C II Wilton, iilcrrki", Qucrniitown,
Uor uhlp Hftcfahrer, Hflhm*ch<>r, <jiii<i<uiitiiwn.
Hr hIiIii c Mum MiU'iilu-i'fiiii, M<:l )»iih III, Ant
worp. , • .: ¦ . ,
llr «h|p jMHomeno, Thomtta, Quernntown,
\<'r bnrk Mn||.-n\ Ancalln, guocn.^l own,
llr luirk Invprlochy, HyinmeiM, CJueenntown,
i Kr J>u<|tirMtir, ltr>»«», gui>ont«town.
Minn H N 1'iiNtli', NIlMiHi, Honolulu.
Illdn .limi-nli l t I'lvlMtnn, Uiuimr-lluii, Kiirfkit.
Hrhr Chun M li'nlk, lUmlnKH«-n. r!oo» liny,
I Uer nclir IlerculDN, Whiihtm, .Inlnlt.
BI'OKKN. '
TWO OF THE FIRST INWARD nOUND VE8SBLS TO CROSS THE BAR AFTER IT CEASED [BREAKING. THE
FRENCH BARK MARTHI5 ROUX SAILING* ACROSS AND THE LEAKING BAHK FRED E.vSCAMMELL AT
ANCHOR WITH HER PUMPS GOING. ...'.:',' :'.'.;.
Proceeds to Royal Roads.
The 'British «hlp Scottish Illlla, eighty*
rlx day* from Montevideo, arrived off tlio
port yesterday and wa» ordered to ltoynl
Roads.
The «teamshlp Coptic in expected to nr
riv« her© two days ahead of her achcdulo
time. This nh»uld bring her In about
Bunday. fine Is bringing w large num
ber of paencngcre and a valuable cargo.
6optlc Due To-Morrow.
Among the »»hlps thiit arrived yesterday
were the Hrltlch bnrU Inverlyon, 1M dny»
from Newrastk 1 , England; the French
bark Mm the lloux, 12fi dayn from Huvn-,
the berk C. D. llryaut, twenty daya from
Honolulu, and the «hip Olory of the 8eon.
The lititrr vith'I hud « wtormy pannage
• nd wan thirty-one dayn coming from Nn
nalmo. The C. U. Hryant lout her fore
yard truss bnn<! nnd apvcral «alln during
the trip from Honolulu.
Among the Arrivals.
The Drltlnh bnrk Pltcalrn Inland, which
•rrtved yeBterdny. eighty-four days from.
Newcastle. Aufttraltii. nhipped a ncn while
crowing <he bar, which did connlderahlo
damage. It nmached the wheel to muHIi
ereens. threw the wheelsman agalnut the
mitten mniit. utove In reveral nkyllghtN
•nd flooded the enl)ln. The Pitculrn
Jrland had othrrwlae an uneventful trip.
Bad Smash on the Bar.
Th» revenue cutter McCormlch »allcd
yesterday In «earch of the American bark
Northwest, reported In dlntres* by the
ftenmrhlp Queen. The Norihwent wni
nhort of provisions and leaklnir. and her
pumi>« were out of order when the
Quern iipoke her. While outride Captuln
railing of tho McCulloch will kerp a
lookout for the derelict Laura l'lke,
which, If lie flnd», he vlll dr«troy.
Ooei In Search of Bark Northwest.
The Pacific Mail steamship San Juan
sailed yesterday for Panama and way
ports. She had all the cargo she could
carry, having been obliged to leave be
hind several hundred tons. Among the
passenger* were Pr. Jose Leonard and
Fausta Davila of Amapala and B. and
Fausta ISstuplnlan of San Jose de Guate
mala. They are returning home from tho
Pen-American Exposition, where as com
mictsionerit they have been officially rep
resenting their respective provinces. J.
B. HendrlckBon, W. J. Dover and William
Fisher were, pansengers bound for Pana
ma, whence they will rtart on an
exploration tour through Central and
Fouth America. Other passengers were:
Henry Paeke. Mrs. 12. Klgueroa, J. W. M.
)Jahn and 11. Ahrens.
San Juan Sails for Panama.
The Scammell was leaking slightly when
she left Manila, but the storms strained
her hull early in the voyage, and the
windmill was unable to pump out the
water as. fast as it came in. The hand
pumps, were rigged and kept
going until the vessel anchored. She has
been outside -for -several --days, and yes
terday was . the first vessel to cross the
• bar. " r
The Nova Scotjan. ship Fred E.' Scam
mell reached -port yesterday, eighty-three
days out from. Manila, leaving almost
from port to port a trail of oil and arriv
-Ing with a crew well high worn out with
constant working of the j pumps. The
Scammell at tier anchorage in the bay is
leaking at the rate of four or fl\'e inches
an hour and , the - pumps ¦ have- • to be
manned every sixty minutes. How much
pumping was required when her hull was
strained by the pressure, of* her canvas
cau be Imagined from the worn-out ap
pearance of the crew. Storms beset the
Scammell from the outset of her voyage.
In more moderate doses- the storms' would
have been fair winds, but, although blow
ing in the direction | toward which ! the'
bark was bound, she was unable to take
advantage of them. She was hove to for
many days at a time. Captain Campling
•says he -has never before experienced such
continuously terrific weather. During the
entire 'trip oil bags were kept 'over the
bark's sides, and in a little oily sea of
her own she rode safely through the sur
rounding turmoil.
Oils Her Way From Manila.
Before the outward bound fleet had
cleared the bar the white sails of the in
ward bound craft began to climb over
the horizon. The Inward procession con
tinued until sundown, and .will keep up
for several days if the weather continues
In favorable. mood.
Twenty-six vessels sailed yesterday
from this port, and more than half the
number were grain laden merchantmen
that were roady for sea some time ago.
The others included storm bound coasters,
the lightship bound for her station, on
' thfi' bar. and the IT. S. 8. McCullocb in
search of the disabled bark Northwest. •
large fleets were able to exchange
places. The barbound grain carriers,
which have been crowding the bay anchor
ages for the past week, were towed out
to sea and started on their travels to the
Old World. A number of the Inward bound
craft that have been hovering for many
days outside the Golden Gate, passed over
the etill heaving bar and occupied the
places vacated by the outward bound.
When the sun went down Thursday th*
harbor was crowded with ships of many
rations, all deeply laden with the grain
of California's last harvest. They had
been waiting day after day for the bar
breakers to subside. The fieet had grown
from one ship to a score. More had com
pleted their cargoes and the anchorages
were getting uncomfortably crowded.
The change came suddenly. Shortly
after midnight John Hyslop, the Merj
chants' Exchange lookout at Point Lo
bos, reported a truce in the war of waves
on the banks of the bar. By 2:30 a. m.
there were no breakers in sight, and the
Oceanic Steamship Company's big liner
Sonoma pulled up her anchor and crossed
out Into the Pacific. Every towboat in
the harbor was soon busy. There was a
period of noisy whistling and hoarse
shouting, and in the course of an hour
or. so the barbound fleet was heading In
processional order for the open sea. Be
fore the sun had time' to clear away the
early morning moisture more than twenty
. vessels had passed through the Golden
¦ Gate.
p»y»^ HE bar, which has been lndustri
• II ous!y breaking for one of the long'-
II est spells on record, took a rest
il ¦yesterday, and as a result two
BREAKERS ON THE BAR SUBSIDE AND THE FLEET
OF OUTWARD BOUND SHIPS SAILS FROM PORT
Many Vessels Detained Outside Because of Stormy Weather Take
Advantage of Truce to Reach Anchorage in Harbor*
Troop, from Fusan, for British Columbia; G»r
bark Pallas, from Santa Rosalia, : for Puget
! Sound. \ •,-. . . ¦ •- .
I Passed but Feb 28 — Br stmr Kintuck. from
I Tacoma, for Yokohama. •
]Y, .. _.. foreign; ports. _ _
i COMOX— Arrived Feb 2S— Br stmr Victoria,
i hence Feb 24. , ¦
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 27--Br stmr Pak
LIns,- . from Tacoma. <: .
¦ NAPLES— Arrived Feb 23 — Br stmr Glen
shlel,' from Tacoma. • ¦ s
* CHAMPERICO— Sailed Feb 26— Chll stmr
Palena, for. San Francisco. . ; ..
KOBE— Arrived V Feb 27 — Br stmr : ' Arab,
hence Jan 22. . ' . ¦ - ->»»>.
Sailed Feb 28 — Br stmr Arab, for Mojl. •
. AUCKLAND — Arrived Feb 2S^-Stmr Sierra,
hence Feb. O. • . '.
1 HONGKONG— Arrived Feb 28— Jap stmr
Hongkong Maru, hence Jan 30. Feb 22 — Br
Stmr Strathgyle, hence- Jan 17: • ' '-
: Sailed . Jan 20^-Br stmf Athenian, for Vic
toria. ¦ • •,-• ¦ .-¦'.. ¦¦,
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Feb 27— Ital '¦ bark.
PaBquale.Lauro, hence Sept -10. ¦ :' ' ¦ .
:¦ QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Feb 27 — Br bark
Olivebank, hence Oct 26. «¦ ¦ '¦ ¦ :: ¦ '
> SAGRES — Passed Feb 2C— Br stmr . Anapa,
from Norfolk, for Manila. - ' v ¦ • . .? >i
; SHIMONOSEKI— Sallfd prior to Feb 8— Ncr
Btmr Horda. from, Manila, for Qregon.
i" ARICA— Sailed" Feb 11— Br stmr Falla of
Keltic, for St VJneent. i. - •: ?J . ¦•• ' ' '• '\
, CAPE ; TOWN— Arrived FebT SS^rShla^Jflhn'
Currier,' from Everett (78 days). '. ¦'.-•¦'•¦:¦
VICTORIA— Arrived Feb 28— .Br stmr Vic
toria, hence Feb 24. '- "¦ '.' "
CAPE BEALE, Feb 2S— Schr (seallns) In
distress.
VANCOUVER— Arrived Feb 2S— Br ship
Bslford.' from London,, via Victoria, B C. .';'
S OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK — Arrived Feb 20— Stmr Dovic,
from Liverpool. - ¦• — — - •••
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Belgen
land.; for Philadelphia. .;.-••>'»"''.,
BOULOQNE— Sailed Feb CS— Stror*. Staten
dam, from Rotterdam, for New York.
iUROWHEAD— pRgsed Feb CS— Stmr. No
madic, from' New York, for Liverpool.
GENOA— Arrived Feb ¦ is — Stmr Hohenxol
lern, ft cm New York, via Gibraltar and Na
plef>; ...::",. ¦ ... \ ... , . .
LI VERJ'OOL— Sailed Ftb 28— Stmr ,-Tauric,
for N*w lYork. . ¦ , . •• ... • '.;...-.., v
TENERIFFE— Arrived Feb" 28— Strar Tot
mei,.. f rom Hnn Francisco, via Mollendo,' Va!
purafeo ntwt Montevideo.' for ItuinliurK. ,. ¦
HAMILTON— Arrived Fcb 2S-^U S training
ship" Esaex; from Key "West.
Sun, .. Moon . and Tide
Lnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time* and Heights of High and Low
waters at Fort Point. . entrance to Baa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of. the Superintendent. . -
Is'QTE — The high and low waters ' occur at
the city frint (Mlsuion-street wharf)' about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the game, at both. places.
SATURDAY. MARCH 1^
Sun Hues . ..:".'. .:...:'. ..'i. ..«,....!..'. .;..6:42
Sun. sets .:.'...:..; .^ .-. ....:.. .6 :IXS
Moon rises . . . ; ..0:10 a. m.
THE SAy;/fFBAyCISGO^.,CALL; "SATO^DAY; : '-;^j.^RCH 1, 1 90^.
4
OCEA2T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
ttw. Wharf. San Francisco:
paqgjijy. jf- or Ketchlkan. Junean.
K£^S#i^Bfc»^ Skag-way.-.etc, Alaska, — U
a. m.. March 2. T. 12. 17. 22.
£i2V2e4 \\a 27 - A P rU l - Chajl 8 8 tn com -
KBAr*Q<JfelI pany'* -steamer* at S^attlp.
MnKk \\ For Victoria. Vancouver.
if '-h Port Townsend. Seattle,
Tacoma, Everett. New
¦Whatcom— 11 "a. m.. March 2, 7. 12. 17. 23, 27.
ADrll 1. Chan*e at Seattle to thla company.
iteamer» for Alaska and O. N. lly.: at Seattl,
or Tacoma to N. P. Ky.: at Vancouver to C.
r 'v$r' Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— l:S0 p. ra.,
March 3. 8. 13. 18. 23. 28. April 2.
For San Dle«o. stopping- only at Santa- Bar-
bara Port Lo» Ansrelea and Redondo (Los An-
reies) — Spokane. 8unday«. 9 a. m.. Stats ot
California. Wednesdays. & a. m.
For Los Anceles. caUlnar at Santa Cru*. Mnn-
terey San Simeon. Cayucoa, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hu»-
neme, East Pedro, San Pedro and »New.
"&£SrfZ S%* t! 13, 23,^Apm S.
Cocs Bay. » a. m.. Mar. 3. 11. 19. 27, Apr. 4.
For Ensenada. Ma(dalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo Masatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a." m., 7th of each
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to Changs steamers or sail.
TICKET OFFICE — * N « w Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO;. On. Agents,
. . 10 Market st.. San Franclsc*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR-
SENATOR JUNB 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA. JUNE 7
Steamships CITT OF PTJEBLA and QTJ1SKN
leaving: San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect 'with above steamers. The
steamships Senator and State or. California
made regular trlpa . to Norn» lajst year, land-
ISC all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Office, 4 New Montgomery at. (Palace
Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKIN3 A CO.. Gent. Agents.
•.¦».¦-•.: ¦ . 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
TO PORTS IN MEXICO. .
' A Delightful Winter Trip.
i Only f60. Includls* meals and berth, for th»
round trlb. on 'board the 'Paclflo "Coae* A fl. ,
Co.'s steamer CURACAO., leaving- BAN FRAN-
CISCO MARCH 7th and APRIL 7th. due baclc I
27th of each month, calling at the foltowln* -
Mexican sorts: ENSF.NADA. MAGDALENA
BAT, BAN JO8B DEL CABO. MAZATLAN.
ALTATA, LA PAZ. SANTA ROSALIA, and
For 120 additional excursionists can return
from Ouaymaa by rail. ; For further particu-
lars inaulre at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street; or 10 Market street. 8aa
Francisco.
O. R. & TV- CO.
Only fllsamshlp Xil»e» tCS
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lin* from Portland to aril
.point* Ea«t. Throuih Tlokeitsi to all
point*, nil rail or ataamanlp nnd rail, m:
BTEAMIH TICKETS INOtCDI BBSTO .at MIAtS.
•8 COLUMDIA Balls... Mar. 4, 14, 21, April a
f!S." OEO. W. RLDER flails
Feb. 27; Mar. 0. 10, 29, April S
Steamer satis from foot of So«ar et.. It a. m.
p. W. HITCHCOCK. Oen. Aat. 1 Mong'y. B.F.
TOYO IISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LBAVB WHARF. COTl.
n-r First and Urannan streets. »t ( p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and Ho.vok.ono, callin* at
Kobe (Illogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong wtth steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board oa day of
8*8." NIPPON MAHU . u . . . . 4
Tuesday, Fsbruary Jflth, IMu*
BS. AMERICA MAniT
Friday, March 21it. 1003
SB. IIONOKONO MAItU !
Tuesday. April 15th. lfM»
Round-trip> tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company* efflee.
431 Markst street, corner First,
W. h. AVERT. O«n»r*l Agent.
jiamburg- American.
T.wi.N-scRnvv nxpnr.!*s aervicb.
PLYMOTJTH-^niKRnOURO— WAMBURO.
DEU^CHLAND, MARCH, II. 3.30 P. M.
A. VletcrU...ABrlI 10 | D«uUchlaad...Aorlt tT
TWIN-HCREW PA' 8RMGRR 'ttCRVlCD.
PLTMOUTH— CIIERBOURO—HAMBTJRO.
•Palatta,. .... .March •jlPretari*, March 18
Pennsylvania. March fllMoltka March SV
*To Hamburg direct.
ttnmburt-Amerlcnn Llna, 37 B'wny. M. Y.
- HERZOO A CO., Oeneral Agents for Pacino
Coast. 401 California St.. Ban Franplsco.
PANAMA R. B. $ S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $103; Btwrsge, |40; Meals Frts.
6. 6. Argyll gall* Monday. Map. IT
6. 6. Leelanaw aalla Monday, Mar. 34
6. 6. Argyll aall« Tueaday, April 2.'A
From Howard-street wharf at 3 p. m. .\.
Freight and Passenger Of flee. 830 Market »t
F. F. CONNOR. Paclfte Coaat Agent.
occanics.5.co. bsssss
83. ALAMiSDA. for Honolulu
• Saturday, March 8. 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs., March 20. to a. ra.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..
Saturday, March 29. 10 a. m.
1 1. SNECXaS & BROS. CO., luarai Jlnnti, 32? Mi 5t
tw'i Pantnaif Offlw, l<3 jtarfcat St. Pltf to. 1. PaciCa U
COMPAOlfIB filirtXALl TXaNBaTIiAtlTlQai
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j.-,-.
Balllns; .very Thur«>l.ty. ln»t<«3il ot *fft/CC*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pter «. W«*«r<Ei*
North lllver. foot of Morton street.
First cl'iss to Havrw, |70 and upward. f>mnl
class to Havre, ft.1 and upward. OENEttAL
AOKNCT FOR UNITED BTATE8 and CAN-
ADA. 33 JRroadway (Hudson building), N*w
York. J. F. FUOAZI 4k CO.. Pactno Coaat
Ag«nts. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEA yg^L
FOB U. S.: NAVY'YAR) AND VALLEJ3
- Etamen GEN. FRISBU or MONTICELL)
9:49 a. m.. 3:10 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. »: iA a. m.. S:30 p. m. Leavee
Vallejo 7 a. m., 13:aO noon. • p. m.. eacepe
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 P-. m - J /' r * '"I
e«nts. Telephons Main 1508. *-* luU i n .? T ?5f >
office, pier 2, «Ils»ton-str*«« ,«<»«»• '"?"'
BROS.
AD VEBTISEMENTS. '
/, No other soap in
the world is used so
much ; or so little of
it goes so far.
Boid oil oTcrthe world • '
Absolute security.
Genuine CARTER'S LITTLE LIVER .PILLS mus
bear signature of ¦ /&~^&**£,
Very bweaII aj»d as easy - . -
to take as sugar.
1 « imp ucin&rup CCL?
UAKI tlXO FOROiniMESS.
Kittle for biliousness. prMimir
GENUINE I \/FR for torpid liver. uhNUINt
Ipiils F0RC0NSTIPATI0!t
uminnrr H W FOR SALLOW SXIK. WRAPPER
WRAPPEF MmM |rn»T»rrnMPirYin a WnArrtH
. , . -i- OKU UUUl MU«TMAV«UPMATUKC. ' '* • .
QJ^ R^p paper.',
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: ? WHAT OUR
GUSTOMERS SAY
Of the excellence of our laundering
would fill many big. books— but what
you'll say will prove more to our inter-
est. Let us have your say after send-
ing us v a bundle on trial.
No saw edges. .' ;';\
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY ASS'N,
¦, Office 1OO4- Market Stree:
\ .Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Offlcs — 54- San Pablo Ave.
Skeens Painless Strlctura Cura eradicates every
trace of Stricture, cleansing and healing from the
start, allaying inflammation and enlargement
of the Prostatt) Gland and restoring Lost Vitality.
No cutting, dilating, drugging or bougies. We
positively guarantee! a thorough, painless and
permanent cure in ever; case, and you can
Pay When Cured.
We mean just what we say, and it cost* nothing
to Investigate. Our remedy la a direct local ap>
plication to the affected parts, and is absolutely
harmless. Wilt mail io plain sealed emvelope, to
any address, our Interesting book, "An Honest
Talk/' containing may testimonials, ajse, *.'
eTe>CeC IB DAY8*
I" Ktt TRIAL TREATMENT.
P. A. SKEEH CO.iMAtlas Bank Bldfr, Ctnclnnatl.q
aOHOKHHCEA AND OBINAST DI3CHAE0S3
A CURE IN 48 HOURS.
. '¦¦¦ ' ( '
visit DR. JORDAN'S ancATi
MUSEUM OF ANATOMYf
Sf ' Th« I.»tt»«i AMlemic*l Mhmusi Is lh« \
¦ tsmr*i- VVorl11 wMknuwn «t *nt cnntnctf4 m
fJP* fill on Ihl Cattt, Mil. )4y«irv O
QWWl OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
f iSf/ 11 Tt«im«nt ptt%mnt\lf *t hy t<imr. A B
I Or Tk H P»MM*« CW« tn tvtfy u>« undertaken. T
Bff l|* Wm.hrnKh.raii.oiiarHy.ri
• II \V* m*™ si««r, mailbo ruts, CAT
¦ n IL vilutbla tMak (or mrn) \
nil. iuBDAN et <!O.. 1031 Murfcot Ht.,n. t. f
- <^^^.^k^^^b^l»^h^sV<^^sV«%i
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KKAllNV AND WABHINOTON STS — 11E-
' modeled and ranovatad. KING. WARD *
CO. Kuroj.-an plan, lloonm. 8O0 to II 60 day;
95 to *» we«k: $s to $20 month. Frtt.batos;
hot and cold wattr every room; flrs grates In
every room; tlevstor runs alt night.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL, COKB AND PIO IRON.
j. c. whson & p., Tsiyorjat^i:
: " FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS.BQYES&CO c?;?f%g u^f^^
v.. *:>... oils. ' "
LVBrtlCATIKO OIXJ3. LEONARD * KLX.IA
415 Front st.. 8. V. Phone Main 17 ID.
~ PRINTINO. ~^~*
L' W- UUUilCJ en sansome tt.. «. r.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDBRS \
litli UlCKtf-JUDD CO., - • '
- aa .First stretc Baa rraneUco.
OCKAN TBAVEL.
pagFfic STE^n^uviciimoN co,
And On M Americana (Ie.Vaporar
To Valparaiso, stopplna 1 at -Msxlcan. Csntral
and Houth American ports, ftalllnr from How.
ard a, pl*r 10, 12 m.
PALKNA ...March U TUCAPKL . -
BANTIAQO. . Mnrch , SH OUATEMALa'IZZZZ
This©' steamers ar« butlt expressly for On
tral and Bouth Amertcan passenaer service
(No chanffft at.Acapulro or Panama.) rrclcht
and paisenrer office, am tMllfornl* strtet
nALFOfll. OUTHHIB A CO, Pen. A^nts.
at. ™*w*^]^rgfitt l &t»
NEW YOHK— ANTVVRnp— Patuh
VadMland. Mar.ia.noonjHAverford. Manjltnoon
Kens'nton. Mar.tn.noo.i Frlcslnnd Ar>r 2 «2m
.. 1NTEUNATIONAL NAVIOATIOM'cb
CIIAB. D. TAYLOIl. 30*Montgom«r? i ; t ,¦ WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.-Prlnce Henry
this afternoon enjoyed one event not on
his official itinerary, when ho and PresU
dent Itoosovolt, In a rain ntorm, went on
a hoiHi'lmck rldft of an hour and a quar
ter through' Hock Crock Valley ana tho
suburb* In tho northwestern section of
tha city. The rlda was arranged person
ally botween the two men during ono of
their talks nt.im ollldiil funuiloii.
PRESIDENT AND PBINOE
GO BIDING IN 'THE BAIN
MADRID, Fob. 28.— The mining regions
aro In a fnrment of agitation; At'Alhtu
Ion and Madrldejos rioters have set tiro
t.Mli" octroi ofllces and burned the docu
ments they, contained.
Thero has been another outbreak of
disorder at Darcclona. Meetings are be.
lint held frociuently with the object ot
declaring another general strike. The
motul workers are constantly assaulting
their comrades who have returned to
work and refuse to resume their tasks
until all the imprlaonod workmen are re
leased, A strike Is Imminent at Carta
gena.
1U0TINO IS RENEWED
IN THE SPANISH CITIES
TUCSON, Arli., Feb. ZS.-Bravo Juan
and Hurt Alvord, Arizona train robbers
snd fugitives from Justice, have sgsln
escaped from the officers.
Colonel KoMterlltakl, Uenjarme of Bono
ru, mint word to Hhertft 'i*homn» Turner
of Hitnta Crus County a few days ago
that ho had planned the capture of tne
Arizona desperadoes, snd with Turner's
HHBlstunco would be able to arrest them.
Toother with Sheriff Del Lewis of Co
eililr.ii County, Turner went to Hermostlto
uihI thorn learned that the Mexican ru
rales had kept cloae watch of th* dea
peradocM for aoverul weeka and had made
eoverul iiuaucuesaful attempta to capture
them. They learned that the desperadoes
wore to be at Cuylta Pueblo, seventy-live
mlius east of iUrmoalllo, on a csrtuln
day, whither they would go for water and
provlalans. it was* at once planned to
take the desperadoes by surprise there,
uinl the ArUona o dicer*, with the Moul
t-on ruialea, aet out for Cuylta,
The party went into hiding there to
await the earning ot the outlaw*, hut
they failed to arrive, Ths second day
was spentin waiting fnrjhem, when the
fUFfll«# laarned Ulftfc the deayars-iinMii ha,']
in him within a f«w rjlllaa nt thM niii.ilt and
w§ia wmi nf-'J by a. friend of trig prenfliiua
of tha omi'nM, The M«*f.'«ii »ini«^a wara
Biefttly (JlrttHrbed pv#r losing their Ynen
and h'rtva aet aboui with renewed •sfforN
to {ski them, ji wliatpver em, . iioth
Ai\/,nltH l!l^!lff<* llMVn Hlllfn«»l I.I ll.rtlr
lioiiie.a mil. It dl^appnlnt^d. The dfMp^ra<
doea would have, been captured eauily had
It not been for tha Intervention ef the
unknown friend, «
Aivord ana Deavo Juan, iine» their
rsciiti" rium Tomlinlniin IhOfS IIimii ft yur
n«n, have been fretiueiitly jte^n In Atitntm
and ft few months ago (hey rat), off m
iiiiiiii.ni of hniT.fs from n kiii'Ii in N'ii
phut' "Hpfings Vyilley. only it month »«..
they sent word to Captain MoftHtnan of
the Aii/.'niit Hanger.* that they would hot
wither him for it whlln vet, n« they wen*
farina well mi the bofder, Alvord spent
a night gambling In Cannnea a, few weeka
iiKo, and meeting n man from Tombatoiin
linked the latter to give Bherlff bowls hia
regards when ho saw I^ewla again. *
Bptelal Dlapatch to Th* Call.
Bravo Juan and Burt
Alvord Give Posses
the Slip.
"f TT ABHINaTON, Feb. 2S. —
m /t y J'rlnca Hanry's visit to the
# /#/ national capttul had a nt
m/ §/ ting .culmination to-nlgbt
7 * in a splendid dinner given
at tho atrman Kmbansy,
onrl latn-r a tremendous outburst of popu
lar anthunlnum from tho Oermun ru«d
denta of Waahlngton as tho Imperial
visitor was about to Mint for Ida Houth
ern and Western tour. Tho dinner wun
given at tha embody at N o'clock, thn
Prince being the Kuc»t ot honor, and
those Invltf il to m* 1 1 him being ropru
scntatlves of the highest official and dip
lomatic society. Ah the guests arrived
they were met by Umbusmidor von Ilol-
Itben and escorted to thv handaomo
drawing-room, where they were pre
sented to Prince Henry. Owing to tho
largo number present the spacious ball
room of the embssiy was irsnsformed
into a banquet hull. The walls were
hung with garlsndM of amllax mid also
decorated with tha Imperial colors, and
those of the various utatea of Germany.
Tall pnlma and potted plants occupied the
recesaes and all about was a profusion of
roses, orchids and sprlnu flowers, iii-mi
11mi earlands of forns, lilies of the val
ley and sweet pec** w< in hung about the
portralta of the JSmperor and the !Sm>
'ibe dlnlug table wim In the form of a
hollow aquure, Aimilrun lleauty roaes
were in nhunrianro, A at ringed, ornheatm
th» Msrina jjand opntiplad an Nlnuva
nnd is |b« guants fciilered tha d nlim>
room the iniit:i< itinH bi'/im into (he niralns
ui tha "Jnvlfifibla J*3»gl«.'' , ..
rrlriea jjeiiFy o"OHl>f«(J tha oegt nt honor
st tha table, wllji the aerman I3mlmpdtt=
dor fitting epB0pit»,lilm, To the fight of
the f*flnP« «af i^fttU VOfl naltHtifljiisnllM
wli«, and to Iim Jfl/t tilt wife ef oh «f
.liifetlftt Jfullef ef tfia ffuprerno (Jeiift, 'J'«
j'fluntofote, Hie wife of tii« JJntlsh mii^
htitn>*6ur, and at his left Madame de Ah--
I'ifoB, wif- of the Mp)ifean ism bass ad or,
The mm of gutsla follows! .;¦•'• --
Prli^e ifotii'y of Pftissla, Vie© Adm fai
von Tiri'ltM, 0*<iifeFal von Jjlfcsen, View
A-imltal von Kilcpiidetthef, Vlc« Admltai
Karon von fteckpmlorff, itenf Admiral
I/mint von HatidiMeit, Captain Mupller,
I'Mi.tiiln VOO Minium*-, I/I"ill' unlit »'»mii
inHiidrr Hihmldt von -• 1/lflUtPii*
m nt Commander yon JdgMy, iJeulnunot
Commander von Tfothn, Vt, Hrlrh, thu
liMtinli KmbfiRnador and La6y Pauneo->
fote; M, Cnmbou, thn French Kmbamifi
dor; the Huipfllan UmbaMadur and Couii'
t«KH CaHRlni, the Mexican ISmhaiMudor
and Madaino de Axplros, the Italian l'm
bufiimi'.r nnd Mn'liitri" Miiyor Dcfiplnn
dies, Chief JiiMtlco Kutler und Mrs, ••"til —
Itr, 8nenk«r llenderuon, Becrctary of War
nnd Mrs. Jioot, Hcrn-tury of tlio Navy
and Mrs. Long, Attorney General and
Mrs. Knox, Bccretnry of tlie Treasury
and Mrs. Khaw, B^retnry of Agriculture
and Miss Wllnon. Hecretary of tho Inter
ior and Ml** Mli'li'.x k, Henator nnd Mm.
Halo, Senator and Mm. Cultom, tho Auk
trtan MlnlHtcr and Mrs. von llcngclmucl
)cr, Senator and Mm. . Lodge. First As-
KlHtnni Secretary of State and Mrs. Hill,
Lieutenant General and Mra. MllcM,.8cn
i.tor and Mra. McMillan, Mr. Kukkoii,
Hear Admlrnl Howell, Hear Admiral Kur
quhar. Senator Krye; rtepresentatlvo Hltt,
Heprefe.ntHtlvo For», Mujor General and
Mra. Corbln; rtenr Admiral and Mm.
Uvans, Third Assistant Secretary of Slate
ANNAP0U8, Md., Feb. 28,-Frlnce Hen
ry of Prussia to-day visited the Naval
Academy and met tho cadets under In
struction there. lie saw thorn at work
und i/t play, and at tho close of his visit
addrusaed thorn In a complimentary
hihc-cIi, expressing his conltdunce that
they would do their duly If thtdr country
• nil' "I. He was aficompunled to Annapolla
by Htnretsry hong and a party of iiutln
itiiUl.fd Amerlnun (illloers. JiSvery mom
1/iii- of his staff was In Httendanee, The
rain poured down In torrents, but the
j'llnr.o, to whom naval warfaru has spe*
Hid Interest, declined \,> tiilui sheltar and
want ilirmiiili fiviiy fnimul f«attjra of the
programme, n» bWIl-» Unriuiiiry Ming, the
Ariierlnans In th« wnnrl of lh« Minna.
Were H«ritt»or Jjttla, )(«prnsa»i|a(lYBj V(M,
Admirals Urwd/orji, UnwUn, U'Nuil.fiJiidi.
(uiH, Terry and l<eanuy| (-'oplHlns BIhmI»»?«
»nd l/<»nily, liomrnannars Hoiiilieriaiid and
(iowlu«, AHslsfant N«"rsiary of HfHtw
Henje and Aioilifarjt H^retarv of w«r
Hanger, Ths upwial iralnor thsJ'flium
farryltifr tne entire party left Washington
at »i80 a, m, ftiiii feaplied Afinano Is Ht
10144 a, in, A dftlHehma.Nt ot , JJaltlmore
pollue aurroiifidad the Nil oft Jyine Hlatfoij
wnd a maffne Huat'd and flttttft tfoous of
MHiylfltid did flie i'fliitf liono/, .Oaptam
Wflinwil«ht, Hiip^fMitpndeiit of the aead"
emy, rweiwd tli« Pj-lnefl, and ths puny
whp fiiivpii (lifough the tMii()i-iiiir..i sfieets
ih tile tt^ademy/ ;
itpgardicM nt (il§ drliii'lnif niln, *tfier#
w i" urowda on tii» Hodden street »
tUntUMh which the party drove, A n«»
tlno.'il pnl ill m wim filed as Ihn nmiy mi
t«lnd thn gl-otinds lit thn naval voHeun.
and tho I'rlii'" at once rnvluwtid Him oadet
< •oi|i«. do stood hikI't >i canopy of can*
van on tho wrst end of Iho parade ground
and tho cadets marched In review before
him, Tho imri'il" ground was a bog, anil
th" rain ftnliudicd ihrotmh tlm reviewing,
but <hc mlddlnn inarched In perfect order
and tho (ifllcnrs stood at attmitlon tin*
mliifiil of tho storm. After the. parado
tho cadets changed to working clothen
and hastened to tho several workliitf de
partments. Wlillo tho stud«!nt» wero pro
paring for Inspection, tho Prince was
tnkon. to the luborotory and shown tho
plans of tho Improvements projected at
tho academy, lie ' examined thorn with
Benntor Hale, Bocretary Long, CongreBs
iiiiiii Fo«s nnd Superintendent Wain
wrUhl and dlscUNsed them with. tho on
thUMlaitm of a naval man. Ho risked a
Kcoro of questions and animatedly dla
cuMCd tho relatlvn merltM of tho Qorman
and American KystvmH. Noxt ho was
lak'Ti to the steam building, ¦ whoro the
machinery hud been net. In motion and tho
cadet* had taknn their tdaccs at tho lathes
und other huk/Mhim. Tlmnlin whji ahown
GUEST OF THB*NATION
AT THE NAVAL ACADEMY
and Mrs, Pierce, Commander and Mra.
I'owleii, Colonel and Mrs, iJInghtun. Count
HnckendoriY, Garmun Consul General
litintia, Professor I,angiey, Alfred! O,
Johtiflton of Philadelphia, and thu staff of
Hir- (imbaaHy,
Tha following prottramma of muslo wax
rondrrnd by tlio orchcatra during tlm
ovrnlnn"!
"Tlm Jiivlnclliln Kag\»" (H'.iimii; pvprtur",
"MHrtha") a Mrlnctlon from "Kaunt"! Idyl,
"JOvsnlnB" Urotitti" (Kungury)) caprlcn,
"llnitrt's MniDNBe" (Hiinl. Imiiii) ; selection front
"fyohengrln" ! wsltK, "On ihn lleautlful
Jlhln**" j 'Tlorodora" } rnnrch, "Jlnndii Acro»»
the Men."
FAIL TO ENTRAP
BORDER BANDITS
WAHHINQTON, Feb. 2^.-Au enormous
crowd gathered about the Oerman Em
bassy while the dinner to Prlnco Henry
was >ln progress,' filling Massachusetts
avenue with a solid muss of humanity for
about a block In either direction, At
0;80 o'clock the long line of Oerman
rnsrohers who were to serenade tho
I'rlni.n made their sppearanqe, bearlna
pi! i!h pine tort-lies, At the head of the
column moved I he stars and stripes nldn
iiy side with tiiu Uarinan aolors, &ol>
lowing the lornh-biKiiui'H (mrrie a hundreil
Birontf'Volged uernian ¦nliiHors, wfio
formed on th« terr»e« immedjaiely baiow
Hi» hi«ii hninuny ot the l-jmlmisay «n>
trane», As thg sing-flrs Hflttiflrpii J>rln««
jlanry stepped , upon the bafoony H nd
amid a storm of (!ii«er» bowed his snitf*
iHtlons to the tiirong. /t» was In tlii full
jmlfoim of an admiral of tha rmvy, riiow
liiir (is Ofdai- of the Ulnqk i?agl«, and ilia
fu mlly ordei 1 pi Iloiienjiuljern, About him
were ifliiMed Bi'oiips of igfiihfimMdorit and
»iiiir«ii,4 in ii,*iic hrllllant unlforniN. wiiii«
at every window were t\m i'adl«ni facej
o! he lad kn. In thelf ball druses,
Wltfieut hat and ealmly puffing « (j|gar<
ette Ida IllMlmwiN siifvuyed the anlttmled
«uen§ below, 't'hei above the «he«^ roue
the velt-ej* ofihe o naefs In "Dm» lJeuU'h=»
m UW r t(AU,m< h ' "l)ls) Waeht Ai i
jthlne/'fliid th*n,by ''The atar apangled
Jiwiinefi" .
AH dm Inn) «"iitf wim beln/f stintf the
mpipwi'iilfltlvfs of tho Uerman-Amflilcnris
of \Vnfiiiiiic.ioii were escorted to thn bal*
cony, where l'rlnce ljonry «avo them a
cordial w?l''ome, *t\ behalf -of Ml» «h«h.
t'JatM William laiiwiMh spuko of tho
frleudnhlp between Oermauy and Ameri
ca, which wan sealed anow by tho act of
tho JCmperor In (tending hln royal brothnr
to offer his hcnrtfelt ovldcnce of this feel-
Ing, and said that his royal HlghricA* had
won the. hearts of alt American citizens,
without regard to descent. Ilefcrenco wu*
mado to tho Prince laying tho wreath of
peaoo on Washington^ tomb and. the
wreotlngn between him and the President,
tho speaker In conclusion saying:
; "No ona can feel happier over these
facts than we. American cltlgons of ¦ Ger
man descent do, and we ask your iiikIi
ness thp great favor to Interpret this
Joy to his Imperial Majesty. Ocrmanla la
our mother; Columbia In our sponsor."
Prlnco llonry aoknowlodged hl« hrnrt
ffllt apreclatlon of uhfl splendid roceptlon,
given him and spoke his pleasure at moot-
In^ tha representatives of tho German'
organizations.
At 11 o'clock the Prlnco, 1 escorted by
GERMAN SINGERS
SERENADE THE PRINCE
to tho armory, where a number of the
cadets* wero in fencing suit*, nnd after
that to tho gymnasium, where tho iitllor
boys kmvo an nxhlbltlou of their phyulcm
tfiilnliiH that Intereoted him as much as
anything elses ho saw during tho day.
A boxltiK cIiiwm was ilii. il up und put
through tho leading and blocking movea.
Thoro wim an exhibition of vaulting and
f milly uotno spirited boxing and wrrat
llniK, C«dt't»'I<iuid mid otu>r*on nnd Oa»
dels Whitney tind HlmmouH Imi'k.iI two fast
bouts, and C'udnts iihodru and WIInou
wr«slU«d a vigorously contested bout,
liliodi-H ilniillj- winning, but It was thn
VIIIHIIlHInil in. Mi wltO KOt thn lOIIHItitlllil
tlori of tho 1'rlnrn, Tlm 1'rlnefl iwent for
W lioon, mid, Hiniitliwr his hnnrl, Hnld;
"I nm much obliged to you, j nm sorry
for you, but you are n Kond man.S
Afti r vlhllliiit tha HymmiHlum th<i vl«
ltor» wpro ftniertnliKMi at lunchmm by
Men, Will ii wilj,' III. amtl^tod by AIIkh Wain.
wrlRht nnd m, mitnhrr of tlm wives and
dnu«hters of tho i.ni.'"i« Ntatlonnd at tho
academy. At tho conclusion of tha Iiim.iIi
'•'•ii tho endett corpa wim drawn tip in
front of tho housa of the superintendent
In preparation for the departure of the
Prince. The latter addressed ¦ them «n
follows:
"Clenllemon, Ihava to thank you very
much for the way 1 hove been received
to-day. 1 am greatly pleaded to havo
icarnnd tha way you sre brought up. i
feel qulto mire Hint you will do your duty
whenever your country calls on you. I
i hunk you for this Interesting and pleas
ant reception," ¦
t'onimiinduiit Wftlnwrlght stepped for
ward and, raising hit hat, nald:
"l.i.t us give throe hnnrty cheerti for
Prlnco llfinry of l'ruvsla."
HU waving hat gave tho tlmo and tlm
mfddlaM ronrod out tbiiio vhners. Tho
l'rlnco departed a moment lator, and as
he moved away the cadats prcHonted
arms, tho Marine Hand played "America"
and a national saluta was fired. .
Tho special ranched Washington on tho
return run at 3:10 p. m.
VANDERBILT WILL
RACE IN EUROPE
Young William K. Has
Remarkable Automo
1 . . bilo Built.
gpeclal Dlipatch to Tha Call.
NEW YORK, Feb. M—Wllllam K. Vsn
derbllt Jr. «xp«cts to sail In a few d.i> 1
for Europe for a three months' automo
bile tour. The dato of his departure de
pends upon the health of Mrs. Vander
bllt, who Is to accompany him. It is ••*•
pected that Mr. and Mrs. Vanderbllt will
be able to leave March I, when the Kron
prltia Wllhelm sails from this port, al
though, their plans are not settled defi
nitely. Mrs. Vanderbllt, It Is reported.
Is much Improved In health and expect «
to be able to undertake tha journey then.
After a brief sojourn In London ami
later In 1'arts, they will go to CannsUtt,
Germany, where the machine In whicli
they will tour has been completed. It I*
understood that Vnndarbllt l» enthusiastic
over hU Automobile, it will hava all tlm
latest lmprovament« (n construction and
ili'# contract ap«clne<1 It would maku a
nillu at the most In fifty-three seconds,
ijspeolal attention Is being given l'i
adapting the nitinrilne fop touFlng mir<
pgitus. although it U eomparatlval/ llglir,
It will weigh about «* ton nnd ha« atmut
fifty hoM-aiiower, 'fh» prjfm it imdoi'*
wiM.i.i tfj be not (9 r from IW.iwo,
Ml, «'"1 MfS, V.lfl'1-Hilll .i.'.,ir.| f 0 |,A
away from th<* pjly aboiii tiii«« m,<, m,.
Their iimiis-9 *ti MrtdNon R,v*fiua nn*l kit*
ty.-aevenui sfrpei will h« mtm<i tfpou
their felurn from Wwropa fhay will mu «.»
Newprirt, Th« maehliw wilt b» br»7uglu
In thla • ..iMtirv
Aoousei Greeks ot Murder,
VfgALfA, rer>. -Arinr Iikvii,«* h««n In
aeaston iin--*n (i.iv-», th4 Cofotier'it'jury t«<
day mndoird it vrr-ii'-t In (hd murder
cjis«i of Jam»s Nelson roritHl, Tim jury/
iinrii»'» I'lniik I'lpphs r.f portprvilla an the
murdfrer. i Th*» mi.ciiupiI nntn \» lit Jn tt.
To-Day's News Letter.
The «nl«rg«ment of tho Hun Kr*nel*t">
lit w* l.fllir to thirty-two piigen, flv«>ry
I.iikm full of tile l.rh:!it,...t matter, tniiK-i
It more' popular than -vr with Un read
ers. This week It htm si sensational ' «»•
count, of the arreat and nu\i re
l«aso of the U'v. iloir;.- l>. oihsott, of
J>urrnnt fame, for the murder of Norn
Fuller. "The Olympun Examiner." by W.
O. McOeehun, M a grent xatlre. Tt Th«j
Major and the Ilnrke^p" la u witty nklt.
ana the first of the New» Lett*»r'«; "Nun
Uoy" series Ih full of fun. "Tho Oreii
.il'iinl and the Flrnd" will ii» appreciated
by all who play, cigar machines. Th»
"Lovo Song of n Dfrndxnt" In clever
verse, and the "Editor'* Dictionary" very
nmuaing. ' "Social frauds I Havo
Known" will * Interest everybody.
"Thoughts on Things," by Cosmopolitan,
shows deep thought. The Looker On N
full of good storlea, the Town Crier 'M
blistering in Its Invective, and the other
departments are up to date. . ••¦
BCBNE8 AT THE NAVAL ACAO.
I3MY ANft MEN WHO'AlDISD IN
TiisuiusqiupyiON. - *
WOODLAND, Veto, Sl,-Jluch damsge le
i.« h.e done i.>- Mtii waters in the low<
latiao. The water iiab teathed a higher
(•¦¦r< In t'» i«ntt«T v.pfiii than wa.« nri
known Wort. It Hah bucked up until it
purt-oundft MuM-iipr- f-KiiiMii. The track In
ciii In'.act, but In two or three places Is
entirely undar water. •
Thero are a number of bridges on that
line, in order to prevent tho high water
carrying them out, th«» rallroo'l company
constructed lovers In tho form of a Boml
rlrcle to the writ of them. There la a
i M an of thirty or forty feet In one of
ii "••<. levrcs nmr Marcuse.
II G. J'ruit \r -Ifjiliditr il (M« IlinrillflR
that tba Kalr ranch, abovit Knlshtu IjhhI
tng. Is doomad. Une-bnlf of It Is now
under water end the floou Is spreading
rapidly. Tho river levee !« brgkrn In three
or four places. The water oourpd over
th« levee for a dlstsnco of nearly three
tnlles for some time before th/» embank
m-rnt gav« way anywhere, rum had a
r»rc* of arty trr-u «-ni:«Kr.| in tirotrctlng
th» levee, but at t o clock littt night ho
«u compelled to abandon further effort.
Tha rir.- of th« river was so rapid and
extraordinary that a thousand men could
rot have saved the levees. Tim back
It vets conntruced to keep out the flood'
waters that cima down from the Yolo
l.iirjn bta still Intact, but Peart believes
tha overflow from tba river will go over
ihrm. Ha Is now moving tha machlnrry
and farnttnsr Implements to euch porttotia
of tha ranch as are high and dry.
A telephone mrsunKi* from Dunnlgnn
Rays that the Howell Point leveo broke
rifar the northern part yesterday after*
noon a.nd the water la running In rapidly.
Clayton Iloyer, who rams down from
ninnd lalnnd thla morning, aaya that
probably KOCO of tho jn.000 acres under tha
t>rciterUon of that levea will ba over
flom'^d. •
Fair Xl&nch la Doomed.
8ACIIAMCNTO. Feb. SS.»8scram«nto
lUvcr is ruing every hour, tliough very
*Iow!y, and thora )¦ every reason to be
lieva Hist the next forty*elsht hours will
tTlng very high water. A telephone mi 1 *
i «so from Trerport to>ulght Htated thut
tha water had been going over tha levae
In threa or tour places, although no actual
brcalca had occurred. A hurry order wm
> ¦ i.i to Sacramento this afternoon for k>""
empty sacks. Thctts are bring (Died with
• mi ih and placfd on the levee tu*nlfht, in
an effort to fortify tho weak place*. The
messago from Prerport *a>'» that men ar«
patrolling th« Uve* on both iddra and will
continue* to do so through the hlsht.
bounding m. general alarm nhould danger
i*"- detected.
Frfctport is on the Sacramento side of
the river, and these reports are the first
Indication of sny -weakness on this stde.
Tha Jsmrn <J. fair rsn«?h In Yolo County
l» under water, due u, th« I.mi.k in the
leve* t>clow Kuli;l.i» l.ii»i'1lu«. At the lat
ter town tha «'.'• i !m htglior now than u
has i-"i, tn ii.inj iim' years. Tha rail*
rood in. rim Iihv« beiu wakhrd mil m«i'
Uuitls stntloii. briwern Woodland and
j-. mi i •'» Lnndiug, and Hum i» another
1 1 ... i*. »• ... 1.....1, « i... if miiu In hi. lit, east
nt Mnii.it.', in i-i.i 1. 1 I'uunly, Thn trains
v i.i' ii i.i.-i burn • hm hi i i: l.itwii n imi'm
intiiiii and Urovlllo by tha Woudlniirt Mint
:.t»i>n iii» route now so and curne by
way (>f Mi-.iiniiit 'i h. wui I* i u silll
j •¦'.ill »! through <ha I#v(b« rtenr Ularki*
burg, down thp ilvpr. on th« Yolo (side, It
i- hot n..in>i ti,n> ii lisrin at i.ir*=.n*i, the
lii.1i-J.t-l.tli tit Inv^rn «if «H«» l^tghtmrlllg
i .-. i» mn 1 i-.ii diMfletfti whleh i<>' I"" the
i>...i .¦ m< liu.i.ir land*, holding out well.
f ; ¦•riij J)i» r »trh to Th« Cull.
ICmbaenador von Hnlleben and a nouad of
pollen, left the* Knili/imiy for tho I'nmin.vl
vn iiln Itci Ih "ml million, where he board*
od tlm itpcHni train, which departed nt
12:80 o'clock for tho Western and Houih
wostorn. 1 trip. Tho Prince's sulto accom
panlud him.
At 8ia) o'tdook Hunnrlntflnrtt'rit Chniia of
the Jdhorty HHl mlns ordornd the work
of reBt'UM mipppiidftd, ilQclnrlnw that It wa»
iih"h'HH to «ndni!H"i' 111" furl bur whllfl
nlldPM w«?ro running, finvernl parties
Ktart«d nt onco for Tellurlrte. Two of
thus© partlen wpro ovflrtukfln by ulldfw.
in <ni" <iu.t von Flntel, John It. Powell
imi'I I'iihI I iiil|iii'!(" w«i'i killed and In the
other Ooorsfl Jtohwi-r and W. 8. (Irpgory
lout their liVFi. Nona of iIm<s<i bodies hud
been recovpr«d at last Recounts.
A liu'K" ntimbor of men mo mlealns and
It In Hum whi probable that the death list
will bo Mwi'lled to twenty nnd ptmMlbly
thirty when all ihn bodies aro taken from
tho. nnow/ mnss. i
AiiiiniK iln.R.. killed Itiiymond Ulshop,
Wade Crowe and Harry A. 'Chase -were
IriHt yi'iu'n KMidiiiiti-rt from tho IHntn
Mohool of MlncN at flolden, Colo. They
had taken poaltlnnti with Him Liberty tleli
to iifiiiiiilnl thiMiinflvi'M with pincllciil
mining. They bnlnngdri to good famlllos
In Denver ami 1'iieblo.
Bnvnrnl other slides nra reported In thf«
vicinity. One at tlm Camp lilrd mlno In
tlm Hin'ti'.'lH dimrlnt rcNiilted In tho denth
of tmo man and thn probably fatal Injury
of three other*, Krom tho condition of
Hm Hiiow morn nlldi'M are expected,
The liiixTiy M'll mine Is ono of the
tlin-n laiKi'Mt mines In tlm district, tlm
HmuBffler Union and tha Tom Hoy bolng
the other two. It Is owimd by Kannna
City people, tho nnm« of tho company
bnlim thn Liberty H«ll Gold Mining and
Miliimr Company. M, Wlnslow of Him
MlRiieT County is the mannaer.
Tne Liberty Dell Is located about a mile
and thren-nuftrters north of Tttliurlde, and
has a n *t 1 1 1 1 u#1«i of about 13,000 feat at the
mouth of the tunnel, i
Thn buildings of tha mine occupy a
bnimli on the mountain side nnd warft
erected In a location that was sup*
pofifid Io bn protected from snowslMos by
ii ridge which It wus thought would dl
vert iim (ioiirss of any avftlanche that
mlKht ho started,
Trie vast aoflummulatlon of snowwlthln
Hm past two weeks, however, gav« tha
dlldfl lo-diiy mifli volnnid (hat nolhiiiK
f-ould stay f t« progress tmtli it reached
dm bottom of the c«riyon, -
OlhUV. Colo,, Trek tt/-Th« lRW«t
HiiowHlldM In this r..alon In yeRpi fHinii
down from ths , momitajn bMb oppohIN
the Governor inln» In tn« Sneffelfl dig*
frlet to«OBy nnrtJ1ll«d tn? pulen for *
{ lousfliin f>at. The flv»lflnen§ ppfiesed
tie giilun HHfl itllert twfliity=flV8 feat e |
pnow on th« infns numpi swept away it
Jnffla WflteH^tRlik and swims lh§ flaw
iiolipp flfounrt alioiu leu tm, f m§ inow»
Sllfd WflS fllNO BW«pt UWHV.
mnm\ Uw\m Oidflflw f*l\ hep» en the
level last filHJit. The lied Mountain sfflff^
w«« (iiiiiti'iMiir.ii, mid the mail tvni e,-ti hp.i
up en hfitmimU,
A snawNllda tjiJrt af^fitrton eaffled away
the orejdim pi Ihfl Camp nfrd inlne en
Mount mtift^n, liiiryiiifl fdUf men, WJipm
taken froni tne» tiiftM of snow uurtiM NIipU
ton wa« dflud and Youns White and two
ntherfli whom} tmttifM- hftv« riot hf«i<M
inariipd, were *a bndly Oijored tiiat they
am Ukwly t'» die. The Ca»jip I/lid mlno Is
tho property of Thomas V, Wiilnh,
OVEHTAKEN DY BLIDEB.
GUB BWANBON, crmher feeder,
II, H, HiiMMi'iui.ANi', tram brakemnn,
UAUitV tJni.ni'jN, wiili.i In boardln
liouuu. ¦ ,,','
liiiH ivltAHl,, miner.
J, V. «:i,i'JMMKlt, steward.
WAHM t-'HOWW, miner,
n, wmim; miner,
Tlm vi.'llm.-* mi' Him NeGGIKl t.lldn wt'ini
HAItliV A, « fl AMI;, ii«:wiyi.r.
L 1), H'rANI.WV. I'Hrponfer, ., A '
tiimhii wini nii'i di-'iith in iim third slide
W"|m!
OiJM v«»n \nu'mu, purriDiUAri
JtillN it- i'fHviil#l(, mirvaypr,
In I ho PHuii! Miid«> iii» {•rflgwinj were
MI ( l ISmuw noinvHA i
W. H. UlllWUftTi ... ' ,
Til® lltHt slldo opciirred at 7J0 o'rloeli
thin inornlns; H»id carried away the hoard'
Ing und bunk itotiBea im-i the tmuihou§9 >>(
th» mine, AIiihii Iweuty-nve m«»i are
rptjulafly in the mine n»id mills
of the lilberiyi Uell/litU h, larffe iiumbei 1 ut
mm from tlie mvtht eliift weto In Tt>ihu'iri§
VrRff'iilliy Hll'l Wt'll' |U "\ rill. <i| fffJliJ; fd»
turning ft iiti- mind by the terrible Htertn
whleh was rHHliiM.
Th« day Hhltt hud just sons to work,
leaving but < m.iii.iiiiiiv-ly fpw under*
KtouiuT workem «t tho biiimhuune.
Til., ulldo came without WHrnttm. Tim
tlii'eo iiitHo bulldUm^ were currlod down
Iim Htcrtt) moimtiiln Mldd n diNtntlcq of
About Wi feet tmu lltpmlly Bfouud to
«|dlnl <¦»•«, Hot II bmird boltitf l«-ft tlltnot.
Tlm enow mid dnbrlH tilled In tlm bottom
of tho canyon twerity*llvo fpot deep,
•Tliimn wno oriuuppd tho ulldo at onco
boguti the work of roHfudntf tholr lean for
tunate conuianlouH. A doaon or inorq woro
tukoii out ullvo; »om« or them Imdly In-
Jurcd, Iiowmv'i. TIih molt Hurlouily hurt
tint! .IimiiIi (!old"ti, dltdiwii'diiT, nrm rut
olY and H'Tiinitily Injured luternnlly:
.lniin'H Miifil.iii, waiter, ribs broken und
in him l.nilly i-iit ; - .li.lm Ikiiiicmhii, minor,
Hkull friMMiiii'.li IJenry I'aiu-r, hiIiim-, I"k
broken und lorlou* internal lnjurtea.
Word witw dent to Tellurld*i and a num
ber of citizens i»n. fur the scene of the
dlNHHtor to nld In the reicue oCtho slide
victim*. ** . • : i
Bhortly after noon, while the work of
iUkkIhk out iiodb-n wiih going on, tho a@o
«.ii'l Hlld" ••iiinn down nlmnnt In the trm-k
of tho iii-mi. Tlm mountain Hide in very
at«ep and the dancent of thw enow mnMM
whb in nwlft that twnnty-four of the rn«
ni'TH with caught, two Im'Ihc Hilled. They
with Hurry A, <Jhnno and i». J». Btnnlay,
und ihi'ir bodii'M havo not boon recovered,
Tho oiinTM win more or n-mh Injurud, but
iiuiMi mi' fatally hurt,
LIST OF THE DEAD.
It ¦poms that no \vm than four distinct
mIUIum oui'iirrcd, «.nHi mio claiming- twu
»v nnim vl'ilniu, Hcvt'j'iil bullion huvn
Imiiii mm'iivi'umi, but milla it ntuiiiMT of the
known Utmcl ure Htill burled under the tons
nt" Himv/, imhti find tlnili'Mii by whtoh they
with rnriliii down, 'rim iii'Mih IIhi * » r tho
tti'Bt illda H'i mi' mi known followe;
T15LL.UR1D13, Colo., FeB. 29.— Fourteen
deud, its miiny morn Injured und a. score
or mum iniMMiiiK it* Hi" f'M'ilt, no far mm
known, of a -surlus' of mi<iwnil»l«'« which
oocurrod'tO'duy In the Inimcdiuto vicinity
of tho Mber ty Hell mlno, on Hmtitfglur
Alouitt ulii, iIuvm und a half miles north
of Tcillurlde.* Tlio mails botwoen horo ami
the Liberty Hull oro nlmoat linpaasublo
Illld ili'tnllH nr tlm iioi'lilt-iilM urn li.ml to
obtain,
Stream Continues to Else and It Is
Feared the Damage From
Floods Will Bo Ex- *
tensive.
Three Large Buildings Are Carried
Sown a Mountain Side
,*',"¦ and Ground to
Spllntorg.
Fourteen Men Killed, Many
Injured and, a Score Are
Missing.
Water Covers the Big J. Gh
Fair Ranch in Yolo
County.
Many Farms Along Sac
ramento River ArG
Inundated.
Series of Fatal Snow
slides Occur Near
Telluride,
TORRENTS
TEAR HOLES
IN LEVEES
AVALANCHES
BURY MINERS
IN COLORADO
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1902.
VISIT TO THE NATIONAL
CAPITAL CULMINATES IN A
DINNER AT GERMAN EMBASSY
5
ADVEETIflEMEWTB.
EXTRAORDINARY MERIT
or a Now Catarrh Curo.
!••»•¦'.'•.• ar* slow to Uk« up n#w sn4 un*
tried "¦¦¦ "-<¦». until tfctfr valua haa b««n <-•
ut>!!ah*4 by atctuai txptrimtnl, nni thty ar*
natural!/ •kratltal of tha many n#w pr«-
i ->'-a<\' ' • ronatantly a.pt>eartnc and for which
f!imt(M,i i in!iD* ar* mail*.
The t - n liberal and *ntlsht»n«d phyalctan*
a.ra sl«aya rr*<ly. homnver, to maka a fair
trial of any nfw rprclflo and get at Ita true
ni»fl|f«l valua.
A r»» preparation for tha eura of eatsrrh
"baa mrnritfl muck atttntion In tha r»»t faw
montha and haa mat with rraat favor from tha
madltal prcfaailos, not only bteauaa It la ra*
rr.irlml.lj' SUCCtUfsl In H.t nua of Catarrh,
Imt »!«¦" bacauaa II U net * Merat paUnt mad<
Iclnaf sny ena ualns It knewa ju«t what ha ia
takMf lata l.i» af»t«m.
fl {* ff.n.i '.ni if i.i"f'« root which •>(¦ on
(ha i .i'.'<i an4 mueoua rnambran*, hydraatln
for i»«,» purpnaa t* dm tha mucua from
i .. t.1 i-i.i u,..,*i, »r,i hi gum pf aucalyptui
!..• i.. t$tupf cil»rr)iit *¦•••"¦ In (hi Mood.
All fit ¦'¦"• snllMftl" Mn.'rtu* iu »..«,-
Mn«4 In <h» term ef s PlMiant t»it|nf Ubl*t
«» Ui*ps». sr»4 srf aeld \>v dFURflala yn4»r
f'Ktht tit musM'* Cstsrrh Tabl*l», snd many
>•¦«..• «••!» In . i.i' ».i- ca(arrb ttttt tisv# i.
«»Miah*4 «ta ni#r!i MyeRd nutHten,
in, MTlnff itat«i that ti« tilt dlieirdil !n<
" -••«, »...Pia »..-i waaiitl Sflti d'Kflidk mi
>'•"' '¦!¦¦<> MtusH's '«•<<" i "• 'ibm*»<i in i-tBi-
tfl« <<<-' . pi D ..i. its ssfii "I »¦<"-• hid
i ..(i. ..i. •(... had iMt Ihs **n»" et p",t ii »„
id'!/. r-'.i «l«i Itr-B, )*.« WSf *¦!•'« lni|.nli^l
!¦ ¦«, i-Mfi eataafit, r*edv#r i"mM»uir nn^
» faw » •" • >•«• . f puimri Catafih Table!*,
1 i •' » I " ¦• "i-f-Wf *\i<-tpn>tn\ With th* rpln»'ly
in catarth <,t ttia (hroat atid raUrrb of ih*
nutMth, 1 tan only explain It on tha i iirn i-
p\» that raUffh |« a eottatltutlotial <i\wnrt,
and that th* ¦<• "¦>¦ i •!•• i.r-.|i' nir • tn thi>«i> tati-
)'•• flrlv th* ratanlual pultun comt/Utcly mil
Vf 'I ¦" »' ''''¦' "
Iir. Od'tl Mf», 1 bav* cured many ca»fa of
/-atanh of stomach in |iant f'tir montha by
th# u«* of Rtuart'a Catarrh l'al>l»ta alcint «in,
out tlm v- of any uUcr rffnody and wlthuut
4l»<lne. '!'¦• tabl'tt *rt "w- ¦l«lly uacful In
ti»«al • :i<!,m ii and catarrh «f th* throat, clear*
In* ih* fi.. - iir.i mim «rirj ovrroomlnc th* con«
in, hi. i hawhtnc, cnuthtns and *xp«r(oratln«,
•o fllftuntlng arid annoylwf to catarrh auffrr-
»ra.
(IJPATENTS^J)
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD tTBB DAMIAN'A niTTEnH, THIS
ur«at Mrxlran lUmtrly; rivr» hmlth and
au*nttli to arxual ortana. Drpot, 8SI Market.
L _ ,_ « ADVEBTTSEKTSTJT8.
SOHdOL GIRLS'^
\ ....
Are Especially Invited to Write to
Mrs. Pinkham For Advice RegarcJ-
ing Their Health. All Such Letters
Are Strictly
1 1, * *
School days are danger days for American girls.
Often physical collapse follows , and it takes yeara to recover tho
lost vitality. Sometimes it is never recovered.
Perhaps she is not over-careful about keoplnp her feet dry;
through carelessness in this respect tho monthly sickness is usually
rendered very severe
Then begin ailments which should bo removed at once, or they
will produce constant suffering. Headache, fainfness, alight vnrtlgo,
pains irf tho back and loins, irregularity, loss of sleep ana appetitP. »
tendency to avoid tho society of others aro symptoms all indicating that
woman's arch-enorny is^.at hand.
This need not bo so if mothers would have a thought for tho physi-
cal condition of their daughters, and seo to it that thoy havo proper
assistance ; , '
Lyciiit 13. Fl nkham'*. Vegetable Compound ha* helped many
a young girl over this critical period. With it they havo gnno through
their trlulfl with courago and safety. With its proper two tho young
girl is eafo from tho peculiar dangers of school ycara and prepared for
hearty womanhood. ,;\ i
If thoro Is anything you don't understand wrlto to Mrs. Pliikham
at Iiynn, Mass. I for ndvico is freo and always helpful.
How Miss Wilson and Her Sister Wero Cured.
" DcAit Mas. i'l.NiciUM : — Your Veffetablfl Compound has done myself am!
flister io muoh good that if I can possibly help some sufferer by sending you
n, testimonial for publication I feol as though I ought to do so. For sovcrul
years I- snffcred with 'painful menstruation. Tho pain would sometimes
xticfrla ten to twelve hours 'bof ore menses appeared, and sometime* not until
that length of time nf ter, and for a day or two I would bo weak and exhausted.
I tried many doctors and other remedies and had about fftren up hopes of
Mntf uny better, hiit thought I would giro Lydla K. Pinkham's vege-
table Compound a trial. : .-, ¦
" 1 havo taken six bottles and km ho much better 1 can hardly bellere I
am the same person. My sister is also mueh pleased with your medicine." — •
Ma liter. E.. Wilson, Attica, Ind. (Oct. 13, 1000.) 9
$jbb fp\ /^ /fa nriiif fl nn t °* in * { ° th< * >rt |h *» *°^ i>tpH<ai p«apu
a M H r M 1 Fn W In imM 11 If I II h4v * lmm llmt in tlm * n'twtlonad thai«nu!n#.
Pa H Ml il 1 n II I 65 M IB I I n "» "' lf "i iMtlmonul |clt#r» wn tt* roiutjuil*
" U If 1\V ii it slaUlfrilll/ r'tiUililiill wall W4.lri.>. a it»<| »|. lull* N<rton<l
Fl \4 V\ V H 3 I ' * : ">' IUllU ' *' I yn, Mjh, ,!,,/.«, whlih will
|BM HI I t>« pinl In any p»rion who will ihow Ihil ih* ahor* ie«fii,uinUl.i «r« nut
\L« ¥%4f V Jtt >A»Il R'nulnx, or war* piihllahoi hcfnra nhulnlnx tlm wilUra' ip». lal j»imii.
UF '** >r ilon.— I.ydla K. IMnkhatn M»rtl<ilu«i Company. I.ynti. Waaa.Townsend'e California ghice fruits. :. ¦«* a
pound, In flre-etchrd boxes^r Jap. bns
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel bulldlni;. *
Cal. glace frutt BOc per 1b at Townaend's.*
New York is said to be delighted with a novelty
known as "Hohcnzoilern punch." It is not the »ort
of thing that Tillman gave McLaurin, nor yet the
kind the Kaiset* wished to give Venezuela, but just
the same it has a certain knock-out • tendency, nnd
that is why they like it.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend'*.*
The announcement that the Sultan of Turkey is to
send a special mission to attend the Pope's jubilee
celebration seems something like -a sign of a forth
coming of peace in the world on religious questions.
When the head of the Mahometan faith gives greeting
to the head of the Catholic church it i« time to have
"hands all , "round", and a general jubilee, ji
FAKIR— 8., City. ' Fake has come to
mean in the United States a story without
foundation and those who write or cir
culate such are called fakirs or fakers.
Borne have attained an unenviable repu
tation in press circles by their Indulgence
in this practice. Fake In England Is to
cheat and swindle; to fake away 1* an
encouragement, riven by. thieves to com
panions. The word fake is a word that
has been used for more than half a cen
tury In the theatrical profession to ex
press the idea of a makeshift. Thus to
fake a dress is to get up a costume that
is not correct, but which can be mado to
serve its purpose on a pinch. Costumes
of this kind are called fakements. To
fake a play is to play it Imperfectly, that
is. without proper knowlcdgo of tho lines*
men given to this sort of thing are known
as fakirs in tho profession. The word
fakir is npplted in India to a religious
mendicant.
They are having a hard time in Chicago. It ap
pears that some of the shoe manufacturers, having a
large supply of tan shoes on hand when winter ap
proached, dyed them black to fit them to the winter
trade; but the action of snow wears off the dye, and
now 'Chicago dudes ar.e wearing rubbers to hide the
bad appearance of shoes half black and half tan.
DROPSY— D. J. C, City. The % symptoms
of general dropsy are: First, a swelling
around the ankle and leg, which is more
visible at night after standing and walk
ing, and is less perceptible in the morn
ing in consequence of the horizontal posi
tion in the night. To the touch of another
person dropsical feet and legs feel a little
colder than natural,* and when hard
pressed with the finger a pit will be
sunk In the flesh which remains some
time before it fills up again. As the dis
ease advances, the skin of the leg be
comes smooth and shining, and some
times even cracks open to let out the
watery fluid that has accumulated, under
the skin. If the disease is treated at the
Inception it may succumb. Its seriousness
depends upon conditions and what caused
it.
Mr*. Na'ybor— The Woodbyn have moved
Into the country. They found It took too
much .money to keep up appearance*
lion*. M!ilbMwlBH8li*SPItS<s
Mr*. Jellus-Huh!' I don't ie« why It
should take so much money to keep up
their qppearancten.— Philadelphia. Preo..
; "What hKve • you ever , dono for your
country?" .¦¦'.";
"Sir," Bald Senator; Sorghum, "I am de
voting .earnest itudy to that, great and
weighty' subject reciprocity."
"1 don't sea what that has to do with
my lnaulry?" . ?
. "My . observation*, on . reciprocity .up to
the present tlmo'leadme to decide that
before Indulging In anxiety/ about what L
may do for my ; country, it, Is my. privi
lege to ascertain what' my country is go
ing to do for me."— Washington Star.
Mrs. FHtey— My husband's the meanest
thing. He had the rheumatism when 'he
woke up this morning.
Mrs. Hltey-Well?
Mrs. FllteV— Well, that's a sure sign of
rain, and I've got a lawn party on for this
afternoon.— Philadelphia Press.
Deacon White— What did yo' hab fo f
dinnah at Mistah Henry's ylstehday?
Parson Yallerby— Well, sah, I done fo'
got to ask what It was. It tasted a little
like Leghorn, but.it might hab been
Cochin China' or -.Plymouth -Rock fo' all
I know.— Puck.
Mrs. Jenkyns— I see Mrs: Hoetong is
going to have "King Lear" at her next
private theatricals.
Mrs. Newrlch (furious^ with^envy)f Is
she? the affected thing. -Do you. know I
don't believe he's a real king at all."—
Tit-bits. . - • •
"Money! He has money to burn!"
"Ah, yes. , That explains why her moth
er Is so anxious to make a match of the
affair."— Chicago Post.
"That young fellow who's so attentive
to her has money I suppose." •'"*
"Go to the football game yesterday?"
"Sure." . '\:\^\ ¦' ¦'
"Think you had fun enough to pay for
the awful cold you caught?"—Indianapo
lis News. . ¦ ;*•'.': v
SHIPS IN 1873-Subscriber, Grass Val
ley, Cal. You can find a list of all the
vessels that arrived in the harbor of San
Francisco during the month of March,
1873, in the flies of The Cal for that month
and year.' All arrivals are published the
day after tho vessel enters port. There is
also a list at the Merchants' Exchange in
this city. If you desire such a list it
would have to be copied from either the
file of the paper or from the register of
the exchange.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
CHECKERS— M. W. H.. Santa Cruz,
Cal. In the game of checkers each player
commences the game with twelve men. A
player who fails to take a man or a king
when he has a chance to do so may have
the. man or king he should have played
taken .by his opponent. When a player
is unable to make a move that ends the
game; land the one unable to move loses.
From Los Angeles— Mrs. N.. R. Stone,
Miss Stone and M. K. Young, at the Man
hattan; H. C. Ackerly, at the Astor.
NEW YORK, Feb. 28.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
From San Francisco— H. Franklin, J. H.
Miller and F. C. Pulsmeler, at the Im
perial; G. Greensword, at the Astoria;
Mrs. Locke, Miss A. Meyer and Miss 9.
M. Spobner. at the Holland; L. S. Saun
ders, at the Morton.
Californians in New York.
HIS TITLE-M. M., City. The follow
ing Is the title of the reigning sovereign
of England as it appears in the Al
ma nach de Go tha, an authority on such
subjects: "Albert Edward (Edward VII)
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain
and Ireland and of the British possessions
beyond the seas, defender of the faith and
Emperor of India."
"Do you know, Harold," the happy
maiden said, toying with a button of hla
coat, "'that a lot of the envious fellowa
are tiaylnff you want to marry me for
my money? How absurd it U! Why, my
little property Is nil Invented, and tho In
come from It !» only about $1500 a year."
••If you think wo can Ilv« on that, dur
llns," replied Harold, •wallowing some
thing with an effort and gmoothlng her
brown hair. "I am willing to rlnlc it."—
Chicago Tribune.
Mr. Tightflst— I'm always willing to help
a deserving unfortunate. Here is 2 cents; „
now, don't spend It for drink.
Tramp— Certainly not. If I don't buy a
ticket to Florida I'll surely purchase a set
of. winter flannels.— Chelsea Gazette.
"I wonder why children are so quick
to pick up slang?" said the small boy's
mother, disconsolately.
"Probably," answered the serious per
son, "It is because the constant repeti
tion of such words as 'goo goo' an-1
•itchy kitchy' in Infancy gives them a
deep-rcoted contempt for words that are
in the dictionary."— Chicago Tribune.
Editor— I know It, madam, and no one
shall ever nnd them out through me.—
Tit-Bits.
Poetess— The poem I sent you, Mr. Ed
itor contains the deepest secrets of my
soul. .
"That will do. The Joke is on you. I
have positive Information that those
flowers were ordered by you."
'^That's all right. The florist admired
me for having the price of so beautiful
a bunch and was grateful to me for giv
ing It up."— Washington Star.
"Where -did the big bouquet on your
desk come from?" asked the friend.
"From a grateful admirer." 'answered
the member of Congress promptly. : ?% ¦""
"You're not so much," said the man
who used the vernacular of the curb
stone.
"Well." said the other man, "I fancy
I'd have to be much less In order to es
cape being much more than your much
developed lack of muchlness."— Cleveland
Plain Dealer.
The Visitor— Of course you know noth
ing of yellow journalism up here?
The Villager— "Wall, the ed'ter of the
Banner he now'n agin puts In Item3 up
side deown so's tew make- folks read 'em.
I reckon thet's sawter buff like, ain't It?
—Detroit Free Press.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.-
ON A WAR VES3EI^-N. P. C, Los
Angeles, Cal. If you desire to send a let
ter to a seaman on board of one of the
United States war vesael9 and do not
know where the vessel la, send the letter
In care of the United* States Naval Pay
Office, Phelan building, San Francisco,
giving the name of the vessel the sea
man was last on, and it will be forwarded
to destination.
POLL, TAX-W. V. W.. Kern. Cal. No
law has been paired by Congress exempt
Ing the soldiers who served In the civil
war from paying poll tax. In California
no one Is exempt from such tax unless he
bo under 21 years of age or over 60 years,
or Is a pauper, an Idiot, an Insane person
or an Indian not taxed.
SirAKESPKARE-R., Modesto. Cat.
There are a number of studio* of the dif
ferent play* written by Shakespeare that
may b* procured through any first class
book seller.
TWO- DATEg-W. O. W., Winters, Cal.
The 2Sth day of Deeember, 1157, fell en
Monday and the 12th of April, IS59, fell
on Tutuday. _ ~' J
Dr. W. M. I,awlor, superintendent of
the.Hcfme for the Feeble Minded at Eld
rldge, is at the Grand. '.¦•;"
James W. Forbes, an attorney of Butte,
Mont., is at the Palace, with his family.
iMrs. W; H. Moreland, wife of the Epls
cbpal Bishop of Sacramento, Is at the Oc
cidental.
Thomas J. Kirk. State Superintendent
of Public Instruction, Is at the Palace.
Wythe Denby of Juneau, Alaska, Is at
the California, accompanied by hlg wife.
Captain 15. J. 81ms Is at th§ Palaee.
J, Kiiliiniui of itonlela' l« at the Orttnfi.
Franklin O- Lewli ot Tonopah Is at the
Llek. Y ' '
T. I?. Clayton of Philadelphia la nt the
Palnee.
A. J. Larson find wife of Lodl are at the
Grand.
John T. Harrington 0; Colusa 1« at the
Palace.
J. It. Batch, an attorney of Bncramerito,
Is nt tho Grand. • '
Cornelius Corde, a mining man of Vli
glnia City, is at the Uck.
> O. Y. Woodward, a rancher of Wood
ward's Isjand, Is at the Grand.
Joseph R. Ryland, accompanied by hla
wife and family, Is at the Occidental.
PERSONAL MENTION.
He treats the subject as lightly as if he were dis
cussing a minor change in his order for dinner. Sup
pose that his protean policy were in operation, and at
this moment we should change to a statutory silver
standard, foreign exchange, which is now about 4
per cent premium, would rise to about $2.64. But he
doc* not at all comprehend what that would mean.
He has no conception of the strain and , stress it
«vou!d bring to business. He would go into the mar
ketplace with silver dollars in his pocket and pay
more than twice as much for the necessaries of life
and declare that values had risen. But values would
be where they were before, measured in the' natural
standard, gold. Mr. Bryan would merely have im-v
posed an artificial medium, depreciated and fluctuat
ing, and the *.cllm of property would be exacting
each day enough of that base medium to measure in
Hold the value of what they sold. The people com
prehend this and have .<aid so in two national elec
tions, but it remains a mystery, to, Mr. Bryan, who
':*¦ joined to his idols, and the people have decided to
let- him alouc ,
It is not surprising, therefore, that Mr. Bryan per
sists in harking back to the battle of the standards,
and insists that it shall be renewed. In a late issue
of his newspaper he says:
"Under our form of government no unchangeable 1
system can be established. If the people try the gold .
standard and do not like'it, they can change it; if
they try the double standard and do not like: it, they
can change it; if they try one ratio and do not like it,
they can try another." . • . \
It is not strange that he does not grow.* Men
grow by the study of natural law, by profound con
templation of adjustment to its decrees. But when
a man ties his faith to artifice there is no progress
possible to him.
IT. has been supposed that the battle of the stan
dard! is over, and that no politician or pa r ty
leader would endeavor to renew it. The gold
ttandard lias been established by law. In that re
fcpfct the fetaUtte ha* merely affirmed an existing
financial and commercial fact. Gold is the actual
uandard by natural selection, end would eo remain
in ipito of all that Mr, Drynn might do if he were
President nnd hnd ft Congress to support him.
Jackson et&ted the law of natural selection of a stan
dard when be said, ''Gold i§ the universal and only
lioflcrt itandard of value," Other and dishonest
Mandards nifty be artificially imposed upon the people
by mistaken legislation, but their imposition causes
(-nutation, lots and distress among the people. It
wakes necessary a daily readjustment of prices and
causes startling fluctuations in exchange, makes the
operations of business uncertain and sadly Unsettles
all human affairs that depend upon property and its
stability. As we have rcc^jitly shown, Mexico is just
now getting her eyes open to the fact that gold is the
universal standard, and her local silver standard has
to be measured in it in all external transactions.
Within four months her 6ilver standard depreciated
over 50 per cent, and then within thirty days recov
ered neariy half of thai loss and then fell down again.
Mr. Bryan has never had any knowledge of the
effect upon business of a depreciated and fluctuating"
artificial standard, oppo.scd to the natural standard.
He docs rot appreciate the meaning of a natural
standard. It is natural, because al! men seek to meas
ure the vj.lue of their possessions in a medium that
has the minimum instead of the maximum of fluctu
ation. They seek some form of property that derives
its value, and the stability thereof, from the source of
all value, which is human desire, and they make this
convertible into all other forms of property and all
other forms convertible into it. This is a natural stan
dard of value, which becomes the medium of exchange
by measuring all media of exchange by it. Of all this
Mr. Bryan has no conception. It was well charged
against him by the gold Democrats in 1896 and again
in 1900 that he is not a Democrat, because he believes
that value is not created by human desire, a natural
process, but by legislation, an artificial process. The
gold Democrats defined statesmanship to be the
alignment of legislation with the irrepealable laws of
nature, and they believed that Bryan would not rec
ognize a law of nature if he met it in the highway,
placarded back and front like a sandwich man.
BIMETALLIC BRYAN.
Evidently there is here a proof that there is a
m,arked difference of opinion as to what constitutes
a good novel. The rule providing that no novel be
purchased within a year after its publication would
save librarians the task of deciding, between these
differences of judgment.* It would delay the purchase
of many a good book and not prevent , later on
the purchase of many a bad one; but still it would
save expense, and that is always something even to
librarians.
Inthis connection it is worth noting that many
books that have had years of popularity in this coun
try and in England have found but little demand; in
Germany when translated into German. Figures re
cently published by cne of the leading publishers in
Stuttgart show that a translation of BarrieV "Win
dow in Thrums" in two years reached a sale of 202
copies. Blackmore's "Lorna Doone" in seven years
has sold 825 copies. Miss Corelli's "Romance j-of
Two Worlds" in the same time has sold 688 copies.
Crawford's "A Cigarette-maker's Romance" in eight
years has sold 513 copies. Miss Wilkins' "Short
Stories" have sold 417 copies in eight years; Miss
Howard's "Guenn" 967 in twelve years, and Haw
thorne's "Scarlet Letter" 507. in four years.
These considerations of course apply almost wholly
to libraries maintained by* taxation or by liberal en
dowments. Subscription libraries must perforce pro
vide the books required by the subscribers. The only
way for them to avoid the purchase of a mass of
worthless novels would be to educate their sub
scribers up to the point of preferring what is best
jather than what is latest. It happens, however, that
a good many people unite with subscription libraries
solely for the purpose of obtaining the new books
without having to go to the expense of purchasing
them for themselves. To such persons the adoption
of the proposed rule would render a library compara-
Along with the moral idea of promoting a taste
for good literature goes the desire on the part of the
librarians to save money. The purchase of novels
that live- but a year is money thrown away. In order
to supply the demand for a book that is having a
run librarians in a large city have to purchase many
copies, and within six months the demand for the
work may cease altogether. On the other hand,
money expended for books of lasting interest is in
the nature of an investment. It adds to the perma
nent value of the library and serves the constant de
mand of readers. . , . .
Mr. Putnam of the Congressional library in h
btrong advocate of the proposed, rule, and ha has
Intely been supported by. Mr. Carnegie, who, while
not n 1 librarian, tons no doubt a large knowledge of
what soft of books ougtot to be supplied to the pub
lic by free libraries. These gentlemen maintain that
one of the functions of a public library in to form
popular tnste and to direct it toward good literature.
At the preient time novel* are publiiiicd in shoals,
They lisue from the presi by the hundred!*. The
greater part of them 'are ..worthless, and many are
worse than worthless. The reading' of such stuff de
grades the intellect until it becomes incapable of any
longer distinguishing good literature from trash,
In fact, many persons easily drift into such a mental
condition that they prefer the trash, A public library,
say the reformers, should stand as a guard against
that evil. It should refuse to purchase and circulate
dozens of copies of some book for which the public
has developed a passing craze, and should circulate
no novel that has not stood the test of at least one
year of time.
EASTERN librarians are just now discussing
1 with much earnestness the e^)cdicncy of
adopting a rule excluding new novels from
their shelves until a year after publication. The ar
gument for the rule h that a large number of new
novels have no value whatever; that the demand for
them does not outlive the year of their publication,
and that by excluding them for that period libraries
would be saved the expense of buying many of them
and relieved from the risk of becoming the purvey-
The radicals of the party, however, were not will
ing to accept Roseberji even upon the basis suggested'
by the moderates. In reply to the argument that
Rosebery would be potent in bringing forward Eng
lish reforms even if he did not go to the full extent
oMiome rule for Ireland, one of the opponents of the
resolution said that if the Liberal party abandoned
the home rule programme they would not elect a
single member of the Commons irbm Leeds at the
next election. Another said that if the Liberals are'
to wait until they have an English majority they
would never have reform at all. He went on to add:
"In only two Parliaments since 1832 has there been a
Liberal majority from England. _ There would neve
have: been any reform in England itself but for the
Welsh, the Scotch and the Irish."
It appears from this expression of Liberal opinion
that the masses of the party are by no means enthu
siastic over the Rosebery leadership. , They will ac
cept him much as the Bryanite Democracy might ac
cept the lead of a gold Democrat, for the sake of
temporary success, but they remain true to their con
victions, and, moreover, they doubtless hold the be
lief that once in office Rosebery himself would be
forced to accept an Irish programme for the sake of
getting Irish votes for the reforms he desires in Eng
land. Some. of them even go so far as'to hold that
a change may come over the mind of the leader even
before he gets office, or, as one of the speakers at
the Leeds meeting said: "Lord Rosebery will have
plenty of time before the next general election to
blossom into a full-blown radical."
The "J.eedi Liberal Thousand" recently held ; a
crowded meeting ami indorsed a resolution for
warded by the executive committee to Rouebery ap
proving lib programme. The indorsement, how
ever, wn«. by no menni emphatic, and was preceded
by 11 long nnd ipirited debate. The ftupporters of the
rt'iohtfloii admitted there would not be much enthti
ijaim for the "i'Jean slate" polity, but they argued
that it wduld'tiot imply any surrender", of principle.
One speaker is reported by the Westminster Gazette
at saying: "As to the 'clean state/ he thought Lord'
Rosebery infant they should not hustle each other in
their projects, tint be willing to take their turn," The
chairman of the meeting in summing up the Issue
fdid: "When Lord Rosebery told them that they
ought 'to wipe the slate clean f he meant only that
they should wipe off the programnics upon it, but he
did not mean to say they should wipe away their
political convictions."
A resolution based upon such a construction of his
Lordship's words can hardly be deemed a complete
indorsement. In facf, the vote seems to have ex
pressed no more than a willingness to accept aid
from whatever source it came. The chairman said:
"We want Lord Rosebery back because he is a man
of genius, an orator, a leader of men. We want him
back because there is work for him to do — to end
the miserable war — to take up domestic questions."
WHETHER British Liberalism shall com
bine with the Irish party or cut loose from
it and resolve not to take office until it has
a majority of English and Scottish members of the
Commons behind it is a question that is now agitat
ing not only the leaders but the rank and file of the
Liberal party. Lord Rosebery has counseled separa
tion. In his recent addresses' he has advised the Lib
erals to "clean the slate" of Gladstone's Irish pro
gramme and to go forward to new issues. It is now
for the Liberals to decide whether to accept Rose-,
bery's leadership or t eject it and hold fast to the old
home rule platform,
LIBRARIES AND NOVELS.
BRITISH LIBERAL PROBLEMS.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
BOTH science and art in Philadelphia may claim a recruit in Miss Katherlnt,
M. Montague of Ualtlmorc, who has Just taken up In that city her peculiar
profession. Her work has won distinction among tho most learned ncl
entlsts, who declare that her equal does not exist. After working for
three years with Dr. J. Whlttredge Williams of Johns Hopkins Univer
sity, sho lms gone to Philadelphia to assist Professor Simon It. Flexner, head of
the pathological department of the University of Pennsylvania Medical School.
Miss Montugue Iti u painter of microbes. Sho possesses a wonderful talent
for reproducing with thn brunh tho minute organisms which are visible onl>
under powerful microscopes, and her work Is therefore of Inestimable value to
Investigators. ¦ . ' ; V
Although engaged 'for bo -long In Dr. Williams' laboratory, It was only re
cently that Miss Montague's contribution* to science became known to the pub
lic. She is a sister of Mm. Basil Gordon, one of Maryland's social leaders.
She Is 20 yearn old, decidedly pretty, possesses a fortune In' her own right and
occupies a high position In Southern Boclety.
It was through. Mrs. Gordon that Miss Montague' became assistant to Dr.
Williams,. Ho has been engaged for ten years upon ft work on bacteriology,
and mentioned to Mrs. Gordon that It was impossible to find an artist who could
reprdduce the delicate) Illustrations no desirable for the book. She asked what
qualifications were required, ,
"Absolute accuracy, a firm • touch and the moat dellcata. skill," replied the
scientist. ' '
Mrs. Gordon *uggf>steil thut her stater rotild do the work arui after .weeks
of persuasion thn latter con»«nt*<J \6. undertake It, Mux Brnedel, the offlrlni mm.
trator at tho university, der)nrt'» Ml«s Montague'* wor j { excels that of any
other nrll«t In the world,
MI8S KATliBIlINK M. MONTAOUB OF DALT1M0RE, BLESSED WITH
. LOOKS AND WEALTH, AND WHO PO88ESSE8 THE STIIANOE TAL
, ENT OF MAKING ACCURATE PICTURES OF MICROBES.
SATURDAY.' , . . . . ,.,,.,, ;mMARCU-i, *993
'JOHN D, SPRECKELS," ¦"'Propfleler.
HUtu AIIOMiMiliiUlH U>. I, MAM, KiHfif,
?l'i«li«plmiiii_l»rM» 8(>li
nuiroiiiAfi nooNi.V.ViBir'to wai n§f#nion »i,
|rl«|.l»».Mf« »'!»¦•• JlUfll
f«lr.nl»' « ••!•<• ¦«. H '¦»•»•*•.
Tr.m. Ut Mnll. I ., .• I ...1 1 ..« I'i«IobM
f?A)At (Itif-tiirtlti* Punflar), fctif ftafnnnm hhiHi™
t)Attif t'.hlAi (Intljiltia PtidfluyJi fl Mnfilliliiiiiiiiiliiii BtW>
UAIliT CAIj'« (Inttu1ln« Punflfly), I OefllDl«iii^uni*iii iM
DAII.T r.AlA*- Mr Rln«U M'f.tn *
prNDAif CAIX, On» Y-tr .,,,<.....«....»..*.. I.B!»
WEEKLY CALU One Te«f ,..,,.,,,.,.......»<<.. 1.00
All po«<tiia«lt>r« nr* «Mlhorl«ed io receive
•nlinrrlpUani.
rerT'i-u t<-iM% will b« forwarded wben r»qti«ft«d.
Mtll (iibarrlb^ri (n > ni-tiix ctinnR« of sddrrt* rhouid tl
Mttuuinr to rlv* both J.IAV AND OLD AD»m?8fl In ordtr
to <D«ur* a prompt and correct compliance with their requtvt
OAlil.AM) O1TIC1I. '..s.. .... . . ? .1118 nroadwnr
C OKOItCiU KltOGNRHS.
Xptiftr rcrdp Adrertlilnf, MirqnHU DniUia c , Chlugo,
(Lock DUlnnco Tflrphon* "Central 2019.")
KEW TOnK COnilESPONDENTs
C. r a II I/I o \ llrrnltl Sanarr
NEW TnilK REP11EHI5NTATIVE!
¦ TCPIIIS3V II. NVI'I'II :K» 'I'rll.unr Iliilidlnu
NEW VOHK NEWS HTANDSs
WaldDrf'AFtorla Hotel; A. Jlrentano, 81 Union Rquar*;
\\AMIU(i'fo\ CM. C.) OFKICI3. . . .1400 O HI., ?f. W.
HO11TOK 13. « It AMC. « ..rr«-«p«.n.lriil.
Hit AM II OFKUri!*— 627 MontWomerr, corner of Clay. ep*n
«bUI A^o o'clock. 800 li (!>«-», open until S:30 o'clock. 033
McAIlltttr, oprn until 0:30 o'clock. 015 Lurkln, opfn until
t< ;.'i o'clock. 1941 Mlulon, open until 10 o'clock. 'S2Q1
Unrker, rornc Sixteenth, open until 0 o'clock. 1090 V«
lenrla. opra until ft o'clock.. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
6'dock. Ntf. 1 ..hit Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 0 o'rlo'k. 22<w> fillmoro, eppn until 0 p. m.
To-day the celebrated authors who do
their work In town could be counted on
the fingers almost of one hand, but they
are such as Max Pemberton, Barry Pain
and others, who are editors of magazines,
whose work necessarily keeps them In
town most of the year. .:
It you want tn find any Ofll of th« lead-
Ing li'ivi'lht-t it is t^iiihini lio[irln> to tX"
ppcfr h> find him, At* her )n >iA)n4on, »#
Tb«- literary aspirant come* to London
to try to make <i name. Whenever that
Is achieved to a certain extent he shaken
the dust— or, rather, brushes the mud— of
.London from hla clothes and goes back
to the country. Charles Lamb was no
where happier than In London, where he
spent all his day». declaring 'the sight of
a crowd around the doors of Drury Lano
Theater to be a- pleasanter sight to him
than flocks of sheep on the hills. Thack
eray, Dickens and how many more did
most of their work In muggy, grimy Lon
don, and none of their worst at that.
A comparinon of the hAblts <>t the wrlu
«m of t'M.i.iv with thosa of 1 1..- i:.ir g?n
erstlon in Intorfstins If not Instructive,
Ho lui* been Raked several times to
write ona on the progress of naval archi
tecture. The fulfillment of mien » stu
pendous tnuk depends a grent Cent on hi»
health, considering thn labor Involved in
Huen tn undertaking, Hir William White's
part In this progress has b«en no hiritu
Hint the volume must moro or lea* ba
autobiographical,
Sir. Wllli i White, who recently re
tired from the grent post of nnval con
structor; Is, I hear, likely to produce a
book.
Two Interesting iitorles are told by the
Dally Chronicle^ concernlnw Mrs. Hamil
ton King, author of "The Dlaclplr*."
whose birthday occurred this week. The
manuscript of "The Disciples" wan sent
to Henry 8. Kins, then Tennyson's pub
lisher, who riot only offered to publish
tho work, but offered hl9 hand In addi
tion, so that tho daughter of Admiral W.
A. DalUle-HarnUton and Lady Harriet
Balllle-TIamllton became Mrs. Hamilton
King. "Tho Disciples" sanp the praises
of the "Younjr Italy" dlaclples who, of
course, opposed the temporal power of tho
Pope. When Mrs. Klnjr Joined the Ro
man Catholic church nhe was anxious lent
the new alliance should Involve any new
alteration In the book. Cardinal Man
ning eatd hi would not change a line.
Some pen naraM are Invented by those,
who use them, but Home nrl»o out of clr
eum*tnnce*. Thin. In n wuy, wan ' th«
ca»o with "Dick Donovan," which ntnnd*
for J. K. Muddock, who ha» a n«»w dutrc
tlve Btory Ju»t out, At the outiiet th«
name "Dick Donovan" wan that of a
character like "Sherlock Holmes" him
•flf, Mr. Muddock hnn mtuta a clone
study of the European police systems, nnd
he created "Dick Donovan" as tho great
detective of his morlex. Tho character
was, partly modeled on the qualities of a
man who at on© time belonged to the staff
of Scotland Tfnrd. and reaaera of "Dick
Donovan's" 'adventures *ot to think of
htm an tho writer, so Muddock took tho
"nom de Buerre."
AlfY'd tlormxwnrth N to contribute &
volume on "Automobiles and Automo
blllng" to the famous Badminton Library.
The book will Includu article* by such
authorltlex tin th» Ifon. Juhn Scott M»n
t;i«u. tho Hon. C. B. \l<<\u and tho ! »• • r- • t
Justice Clerk of Srotlund. who Ih known
In the Houso of ('nramnnn us» Sir J. If.
A. Macdonultl. There will also be a
chapter by f.ady J«>un<>, no doubt on au
tomoblllni? from th»? woman's point of
view.
"Tha Kin*'* Racr-horflps," rt history <>f
the connection nf hla M«Jt»«ty Klne K<l
ward VII with tlw national iPOfl. by SltH
Wiiril Spencer, will be published by Lone
nbout the eml of April. Tho wirtk will
bo nrlntml oh hand-made paper, with
twenty plates In photogravure, nnd will
be limited to Sin c-cplrx, at threo milnpa*
not. V- '
Miss Hamilten, who i§ ths Binpdrtunlu^r
-.r A. W, I'Im-i ... I.,.- vn Mt..., A I'iru" ..¦....
her >tt short nUirintt lit thf principal tnnitrt-.
r.\it'-=i, wlilt'li have h'Iw u <i a ronstcterabln
amount of fiUpnUnHt Tim welMttioWM
"I'UiPtn tilrtlulay Monk," whloh aptiprtrr^l
a year tit two ii«o, w«« nho compiled by
Minn lliiritlli'in.
h Is no! given to every writer m pane*
Irate Into foyal nurseries M\$* -Myp%
Hamilton h»M» howivup, tuihtev^rt f ha rite*
tlnethm wlfh her recently published v«l»
twtirt, ef fairy t.iU-=, ..= . ..pi, „( i.< > ir.,a.,
whk'h Is entitled ."Vmwv Par Land."
have heen nppepte'l *#y tlie Prlne?^ »f
w.iir.cj in i...iidir tit I.. . fhilriien, Vtlne§
Kdwflrrt, Prinew Albert flflil yrtneess V(e«
tart** ot yopk,
The close of the oration is an utterance of clean philosophy: 'There is no one
but must feel his devotion to his country renewed and kindled when he remembers how,
McKinlcy loved, revered and served it, showed in his lilc how a citizen should live, and
in his last hour taught us how a gentleman could die."
It is evident that this address may well go into school readers to transmit lessons
of patriotism to the future. .', _Z__
humility. He grew up in the company of boys like himself; wholesome, honest, self
respecting. They looked down on nobody; they never felt it possible; they could be
looked down upon. Their houses were the homes of probity, piety, patriotism. They
learned in the admirable school readers of fifty years ago the lessons of heroic and splen
did life which have come down from the past. They read in their weekly newspapers. the
story of the world's progress, in which they were eager to take part, and of. the sins and
wrongs of civilization with which they burned to do battle. It was a serious and
thoughtful time. The boys of that day felt dimly but deeply that days of sharp struggle
and high achievement were before them. They looked at life with the wondering yet
resolute eyes of a young esquire in his vigil of arms; They felt a time was doming when
to them should be addiessed the stern admonition of the Apostle: 'Quit you ltice men;
THE country will gladly receive the lull text of Secretary Hay's oration at the Me*
Kinley jnemorinf'ifrvice in Washington, « The parts of the atfdregg that were wired
to the presi diselose glimpses of iti excellence whielhwill stimulate a' general desire
: for the, complete text, The selection of Secretary Hay , for . thlp duty was
peculiarly appropriate, Hli touch' with American life* ling been unbroken from lite ybutli
until now,. In literature his genius is that of the plain people, the highest form of genius.
His public enreer began with Mr, Lincoln, and lie went through nil the agony and the
exaltation olthe Civil War up to the tragedy with which it closed. It Is a peculiar expe*
rienee, • No other American has been in intimate efltelnl and confidential relations with
two of our Presidents who have been victims of the assassin, That experience, im»
pressed upon the genius of John Hay, has produced an oration, In which appear all the
qualities of tho jioet, philosopher uml statesman/
'This introduction to his sketch of the President's career has a charm derived
from its picture of the common lifo of the people; , \ ; '
"He was born into that way oMifc which elsewhere is called the middle class,
but which iti this cotintiy is so nearly universal as to make of other classes an almost neg
ligible quantity. He was neither rich nor poor, proml nor/ humble; he knew no hunger
he was not sure of satisfying, no luxury which could enervate mind or body. .His parents
were sober, God-fearing people; intelligent and upright; without' pretension and without
RICH SOCIETY GIRL
PAINTER OF MICROBES
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
6
I3ST MDMOEIAM,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CAIuL, BATURPAY, MARCH 1, 1902.
Lord Tioscbcry's admirers say he has "the country
at his back," but the thing that bothers his Lordship
i* the lack of anything tangible in front of him.
Bpectal Information supplied dally to
liusinoM house* Vnd public men by the
Press Clipping Uureuu (Allen's), G10 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. *
¦ London is not the only city to, have a coronation 1
fete this year, for the King of Spain attains his ma
jority May i7,»and ( Madrid is going to, have a great
apectaele— provided something doesn't /rise up and
knock the show before it starts. .
AMUSEMENTS.
ruchfr'i TVfitrr— "Th» French Maid."
California— "Bhooilnit th» Chutrn."
Tlvcll— "Th» Grrenade."
ontral— "TJii- Cornrr Qroetty."
Alcazar— "Tli» »r«d of th# Family."
Columbia — "Way Down Ea»t."
Orphrum— Vaudeville.
Grand Opcra-hnuce— "A Midnight X1«U."
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudevllla tverjr afternoon and
evening. -
Metropolitan Hall— Chicago Pymnhony O'rh^ntra.
•Metropolitan Hall— Emm* Nevada, March 8.
Fhrrman-Olay Hull— l'lano Ilccltul.
Woodward'* Pavilion— Winter Circus.
Oakland ltarptrark— Kawa to-day.Tho cases of "William Buckley, convicted
of murder in the first degree, and Thomas
Moran, convicted of murder with the sen
tence of Imprisonment for life, will be
call- 1 "] to-day for argument on the motions
for b new trial.
The case of Edward Duncan, the re
maining defendant charged with Rice's
murder, was called, but Attorney Hutton
ack-'d for a continuance till Monday, as
he desired to file affidavits for a change of
venue. He considered the defendant
would not get a fair and impartial trial In
this city and county. The Judge con
tinued the case till Monday to enable
Hutton to file the affidavits.
The Judge, before discharging the Jury,
referred to their strong recommendation to
the mercy of the court ond said as it was
the last time he would have an opportun
ity to address them in regard to the case
it might bo proper to inform them that if
the court sustained the verdict they had
rendered it would be incumbent upon the
court to take into account in determining
the punishment the record of a prior con
viction against the defendant for robbery.
On the arraignment of the defendant this
prior conviction was formally confessed
by him. Under our system of laws a. Jury
was not permitted to know of a prior
conviction unless a defendant put it in
issue by a denial thereof. The court
deemed it appropriate to make the ex
planation to them in view of the fact that
as a Jury they had exhibited an Interest
in *.he question of the punishment of the
defendant and the court deemed it due to
them to make the explanation to them in
response to their suggestion.
The Jurors who tried the case were:
Abraham Blumenthal, Albert Meyer,
Joshua B. Pitch, James II. Doolittle, John
Nuenberg. Abraham L. PeyBer, Gustave
J. Pauli, John Kohlmoos Sr., Leo A. Saal
fleld. John Stelling. Herman Rosenbaum
and Charles J. Colley. ,
CHarl<>» nmmelly. the third mnn to be
tripd for th«» murder of (Iwirertt ,W. Hlee,
I he nnn-unlun nmt'lilnUt, Bt Twentieth and
Howard Ptr^pti*. October 11, wh» convicted
«f inurdrr In ihp *epond degree by- tlie
Jury yeuierday mernlng.
The Jury, ntivv being gut ull night, re
turned Into oourt yeatcrdfty morning about
ltf o'clock for further Intornmtton. One of
thpm, J< hn Ntiotiberff, imld, In answer to
the Judges that they oouitl agree, hut the
other* iilniigired with his view. Tha
Jtidtfp ordrred thpm baok, and ut il
o'clock thpy notified tho bailiff, thut th«y
had npn '-'I upon a verdict. Attorney llnt
iini. wim lTjirrprntrii thn del'cndiint, could
not be? found for about twrnty mtnutce,
and whrn he reached the courtroom tho
juror* filrd In. clerk McElroy usked if
they had rtgrred upon a vprdlct and the
forfmitn. Jochua U. Fitch, unnwered In
the affirmative und road from a paper:
"Wo. the Jury, find the defendant guilty
of murder In the second degree and recom
mend him to the strong mercy of the
court." Sentence was deterred till March
1. md Attorney Hutton i»ald he would
move for u now trial and to vacate the
verdict of the Jury on the ground that
the evidence was Insufficient.. ,
Change of Venue Will Be
Askod in Edward Dun
oan's Cano. •
Donnelly Is Convicted of
Murder in Second ,; ¦;-/
Degree.
LAW IS AVENGING
RICE'S MURDER
BICYCLE AND CAR MEET
AND RIDER IS INJURED
Sexton William Burnett of Grace Church Thrown
to Ground and Three Ribs Are Fractured. )
Dr. Somera' paper was an exhaustive
one. He has given the subject of crema
tion a close study and he favors It be
cause it is sanitary. He said the people
of the present day object to cremation
because it waa not the custom of their
forefathers. He argued that the tradi
tional mode of burial watt unsanitary and
therefore the people of this enlightened
ace should net an example for posterity.
The speaker Maid that burial was sup
posed to mean the last resting place of
th'j body. He says this was not the case
as the bodies had often been moved in
order that the living might use the ceme
tery as a place of abode. He pointed to
the fart that the tilte now* UHed aa tho
Ctty Hall was once a burial place, but
tho growth of the city made it necessary
to move thn bodies to the outskirts
Ah the city grew larger tt was necessary
to move the bodies Into another count*.
1 1* suld all Hits could be avoided by cr<-
matlon.
The speaker told of nn ordinance paH><*rl
by the HupervtHors that prohibited the
imiiiil uf a body within the city llniltn.
Ho nalrt th« dpftth Hut In Ban FrnnH»«-o
numbered 7(100 pernonM eni'h year and
Mf-ven ftcrfti of ground wan nflCPfltmry to
bury the •luml, Jle stated that the popu-
Intton of thin city wait lncrenpln? nnd the
tM.th tint of in<rt<Hpity would iuerctaje.
In concluding ¦ hlu lecture dr. Uomora
unld (tremnttrm ahotild ha required by law
In ih«< following rii««-»;
In ili-iithrt from ftmtnglniifi dtMeagen; | (1
nil I'lihi'K wli.'i" linilli rt (in< tt) \m trutin
piiri'il; wli.iro thn expenMt** ttro to ba
bnrne by the eoinmiinity nnd In nil riim-t
wlni'i' iii|jillvc« >vl'»li rxinnliiM to stay
within tin' rii v. iiiuiift. •
M'li» Ifi-liiri' WttH profusely llliiBiiiit.,1
with wiirr>u|ii|i mi vh'ww nf the burini
pImcpn of thp world,
Dr. George B. Somers. is a believer in
cremation. In a' lecture he delivered last
evening at Cooper Medical College on
"Cremation and Burial" the physician
said when he died he wanted hla earthly
remains to dissolve at once Into the orig
inal elements from which they came,
rather than leave them to the prey of the
vultures cf the air, the fishes of the sea
or the worms of the earth. ,:'.,•,
Dr. Somers Says He Is
Much in Favor of
Cremation.
CLAIMS BURIAL
IS UNSANITARY
r.vry it»v during March Mnii April th* Hunt*
y* will i*ll one way tlckot* frem Uoititn, N«w
York, Phllfliielnhtti, u-4ijiiii«i,in. fiK^Min,.
Clneinn.ll, Iturfaln, Chtfaeo, Kanimt City, Mt,
l,imh and nil nthur unfit* In th* _¦•! at thn
i.iwr.t ratPN nvpf imi'ii' onn way in the r«<-in.i
Co.Kt. If you hm« frlf>mU tn t>nm* put ynur
iimni'v in tha hand* uf any Nanta K» A«»nt,
who will arrsnia fur lha trip.
Cheap Rates to CaJIfomlA.
A dispatch waa received yesterday by
United States District Attorney Wood-:
worth from the United States Attorney
General at Washington, In connection
with certain railroad cases that had been
pending in the United States Circuit
Court for many years. The history of
the cases as given by Dr. Wood worth is
as follows:
About eleven yearn ago two aulta la equity
were brought In the United State* Circuit
Court In this city by the United .States District
Attorney to cancel certain letters, contracts
and deeds mad* between the original railroad*
to which certain land grants were made and
by them to the Southern Pacific Company.
Under the administration of United States Dis
trict Attorney Henry a. Foote. A»»liitant United
titatea District Attorney Knight recommended
the dismissal of the autts on the sround that
the Circuit Court had "no Jurisdiction and that
the suits should have been brought In Ken
tucky, the purported birthplace of the South
ern Pacific Comixiny. Thla recommendation,
which waa made to tha law department at
Washington. I>. C., wan overruled by Justice
Haiiun. who at the tlrrm waa acting for Chle(
Justice Field, and decided that th* Circuit
Court for the Northern Dtatrtct ot California
had Jurisdiction. Subsequently the Huprctr.i
Court of the United Htates decided in th»
Oonaalea rase adv«riit>ly to the position of th«
Government.
Continuing. Mr. Woodworth said:
In vlrtw of tha decldton of tha Huprero* Court
U would be fruitless to gu on with the riisc.
Tha Attorney Oanera! aitvliad ma this morn<
Ing in mo amend the bllU. If pouathlu to do «>,
that tha t'lreult Court here might tie. gtven
jurtariUulan. I wtta also advised to amend
them In conformity tn th* antitrust set. Ii
ha« nothing whatever to do wtth the merger
net and I do not thtnfe that Mr. t'»U of Ui«
Angina ha« been -r«.-tiy • ) u. l ia.| when h« u
r«brMunt«<1 «* uyln* thtt th#M and similar
landing «ai«s »r» to lift tak«n up under th*
m#ri|Br *"ct, ______________
Changes Are Suggested
in Conformity With
Anti-Trust Act.
RAILROAD GASES
TO BE AMENDED
fpD.QQ Per Ton fO.OO.
Hutitr and «ii«'uiier than cnali no «f remind, ng
ivuutn, Your <"»l dealer p*IU T«nlft nrtquntfll
all niiu a||N, I'liuna Hguth US abQUt tliein.
; The name of a popular brand of uny
urtlajo often bfioomeH, In tha ' popular
mind, u uynonym or Ronerlo name for the
articlu ItHnir. 'Plum tha nnrna lludwehior
Iiiih Ium-oium to many anothur name for
lieer, Thnra la hut o»a "liudwolaer," Bee
that Hi" rmnni In on cork and luhcl whmi
<i\nr-you tun terved with lu!«r, it | H the
iprodiuit nf the Anhfitinfii'»HiiBoh flrnwlritf
Ahm'u, Hit l^oniM, Hi H, A, Order" prompt'
\y filled by IS, U, Uynnn * Itfiniv t'o,,.
whnitiHiila deuiurs, 1 linn I'mngl^eo, •
Allow No Substitution
A, WIIhoii, n painter, redldlng nt 1220
Mission ntn'i't, fell from a Btepladdor
while ongnned In painting a houao at 2217
W'i'IihIit atreat yodterday/ and Btmlalnod
fnuiiiiiH of the lioneH of both ankles. Ma
waa taken to thn JOmergeney Hoaplmi for
trmitment.
Fainter Breaks Both Ankles.
llcrnmn Kohn, aecretary of tha Hun
Francisco ¦JiOdgo of Elka, ohnrufld with
willfully and unlawfully having in hla
pohm»'hh'Ioii u dead oik on February 22,
uppciurml hoforo Judge Cabnnlss y««ter
dny. • Ho wim reproHontod by Attorney
Partridge. Th« mno wuii contlnupd till
Monday for the defendant to plead.
Kolin Appears In Court.
Thn SV.inter Circuit, ut WonOwarri'M I'll*
vlllon Ih rma'tliiK with, hen rty HUpport,
and last ovcinlnx the performance wan
Klvun before a Inrffo utiiilonoo. The »-ol
lo'tlon of anlmulM i« ti-1 tho varied fltxl «t
truutivp proirrnmmo of upeclaltU-s am of
unusual -'merit und moot with favor ut
«vnry nrosuntultou. Misa IMnu Cook, tho
harmmck equnatrlnn, l» Krenlml with con.
Hidcrablfl rtppliuiBci rnrh tlm« nhe «p
ppfir«. Mutlncn tierformanccn will bo
kIvcii to-day und to-morrow.
Winter Circus !¦ Attractive.
Ml«a Clura Btenger, u pretty younlt girl
who liven nt 004 Howard iitreel, icput'ttd a
witrrnnt from JudKu'Cnbanliw ycaterday
for th« nrreat of John Hluiw, a wulter, on
u i'hnrn« of thntntN nuulnnt her llfn, Hhe
hiiI. I Unit Hhuw hud been poHtottnir hnr
wltli IiIh uttnntionM und h« hud told her
thut unli'HH »h« m»rnnu him Hh« would
naver nmrry any onn «'1hp, hueuufo ho
would kill li'-r. Hln' mild Mho in in mortul
fcitr thut h» will carry out hln thrunt un
lt««M tukou Into ouBtody.
Bloodthirsty Wooer.
lloqufistfl tho Iloacls of Departments
to Furnish Figures on Revenue ,
and Expenditures.
Auditor .liui'lir (uidrenmed a circular let*
tt>r to the heiidn of municipal d«pnrtnipnt»
veflterduy runuftBtlnpt them to furnlnh tho
fnllowlnK Informntlon to fiinlili- him tn
nmlta ui> hl» annual t««tlmnto of th« rov
•nua nnd «xp«indlturo« of th« olty Kovern
mont for mibmlMion to the Uonrd of Hu
pcrvlHors: •
Klidi— Tin- ¦ mount required for the txp«n«ea
of deparlmHita In tli» pnyment of valarlm an
inillinrljei'il !•>' l«w.
Bncond— Tlif amount rrqulred for the rx>
n('minn of thn d«parttn«int» for iitntlonrry,
lionhH »ni» pilntlnit of blanU«.
Third— Tim amount r«n»lli"ei1 for nuoh otlli>r
fxticmlltitrM, Hi I* roqulattn • for thn n«rform«
iiiii'i* of ilntii'x In riMiii'-riiim with tin' iii"|init
im nt h.
AUDITOR WILL ESTIMATE
, CITY'S FINANCIAL NEED3
James Renderoon MiBolng.
JamcH Hcndomon of 17 Tchnrna »tri»<!t
Jh reported inlffHitiR ulnco February 21.
Uf in ii Ahlit ciiriM'iitcr.
llnbbl Voorcangfr then thanked all
ihoMp iMIimhIIiu; thfi Hcrvlcon, for ho roc*
uRnlxrd that thflr prt'spneo tcKtlllfd to tho
KronttirnH nud tho Koodn^nit of it man to
whom they were all tnd<*htvd In mental
direction In pathn thut a K''ncrutlon uk<>
few had trodden and In which he (l'ro*
fpiutor L« <^ont«»> had proved hlm»e.lf no
ernlimnt and e.ompotont ii fiU'dn.
Tho Hnv. Dr. Nleto ilflivi. .ed u sermon
at the ConKroRutiun Hlmrllh lurnel hint
«vonlntr, tho nubjcet of which wnn "Tho
ISvulutlon of the Kubbl," The doctor
Inioed IIih Mtrps of the prJcmt from thonu
rurly dayii when ho wnii everything to nnd
for thn people— Judye and luwyur, doctor
and aplritunl Kiildn. I In allowed tho hMp
of i in* prophet* toward the advnnuement
of the world's ••iluvuilun.
The rabbi npol««« In mdenrtriM: tmin« of
rriifi'KKoi' I."' Onto and told of IiIn ciicnty
In linihi'iliiM tho hnowltidKu uf hh< fellow
man, ii" hImo i'r«>Mn«ly ollinloil to I."
Conto'a iiniirini! t'fforta In the direction of
Imparting phlloHotihy nnd true Immunity.
"I'rofoMor Lq fonto," said Ititbbi V'oor-
PutiRrr, "wni* the lit-m to recogntKo that
i-i'IIkIoo And hcIoiiop Hhould not be antuKO*
nlwilc one to tho other."
ll.ilibl Voot pii MM* r delivered n tMibusy
und meroortti lermon oh th«»,i«t« J'rnfun*
nor l.« Oolito lit lln> Ciinnn'rtiillou Kniiinu
i:i lut "v.Miinn, iiii- ooeailon uvUw. \u«
itntilvrranry «f Um blrihd«y of Him Iu»
Ilir-Ulril l-'i'liullir, Wl\O illt'il lltKl VflU',
The mitttnr of oommondutlon wn«
bfouKht up hefor« the club] two woeki
It 10 umi It whm miliinllU'il to it cuininlttiv,
The cornmltton rnportcd fuvorubly luMt
••vpnltiK tinrl it -h«Mted dpbuto followed.
AiiK'iidini'Mth niiu tnotloim to l»ty tho rfuo
tutl«»n on the tnbta woro lout und nrgu*
iiii'iitM for und ugaltiHt It bt'onmn ttxultlng.
Mnny int'inborii'wor&ln favor of grnntintf
Bup«rvlitcir Urutinhftrlii hcailtiK b«fnri<
hclnsf ouiidHiiu^d. but the mikwhiIou v/uh
iRiiorerl. On« in»'mb«ir axtirfiaaod tha opln*
ion that Uratinhurt would not lmv« votml
for tho r«o;)criln« of thn truck If hn had
known that thu lrouuolH Club waa op*
poacd to ttH op«nliiK. ¦
Ah Bupt«rvli4«»r Hraunhurt ,1m a londlnu
memhov or thn «lub th« paH«uco of the
iVMolutlon 1» a hard dlnp nt Iilm. JTIh
friPiidH nay \w. will not Htand Idly by und
b« oritlfUtid for bin votn. It In under-
Htood bn will nttend th<» next meeting of
I he flub and t'Xpn'XM IiIh vIuwh.
H<«olvm|, That wn iiii|irf-cini.. umi highly
I'liliitni'inl I In- mi'IIiiii twlu'ii hv Uli> Ki'Vfll Iimiui
i'ii'Hi- iiii'iiilii'in of Ihf" Iliiiinl of HiiprivlMiir* in
voting KKulriRt i In- o|i«'n!ni>: (if thn ItiKlfHldc
truck, mihI thoroby vmiihiulKltiR thn fitct thut
ttaa M-ni'iiTtilln iMiiiy In ii|i|"i«>mI tn Hiiy and
nil iiuiik In nation, Hmtn mid city, whtthrr
hiuiiiiUimI In ninct'tltl'iitii the |u iiiIiii'In mi mm t(l
iitiliii'liiliy liii'irii"!- ilii-lr riiKi or to vncoitr*
n»!i' RamlilltiK to the Injury of the rUlng geu<
I'llllloll,
Huppi'vlHor lli'iuiuhitrt rt»rnlv«Ml tt f^prt"
tniitiil from tho leoquolM Oltih Immi hvhi
im: for Inlying voi«it for ttui tH<niit*nliti( of
Him iiKiii'Kiiii' traoki A resolution whm
inlii|i(i'il I'oiiiiiu-inlliiH' Iim wi-viMi liniiio*
iimilo Mtipfi'Vimirn wlwi voIimI to Up«p It
rlune'il. l''lliMI(lH of I tin imliiii I hli'il to
hmvp iilm from cilrin<t orittclitni, but thalr
I'lfni'i* wi'i'K iiiiiiviililiin. They uallcd nt
lulltloil to 111 ii 11 ii Itit ¦ 'I'm I'oiiHlKh'iit wot'U
In i lie HiHii« Btnate mill llmtnl of Hutmr
vlHorn. hut thut Old not jir<iVc«nt tho naop*
lion of thn followliiK rnnolutlon:
Rev. Voorsanger's Trib
ute to Dead Philoso
pher and Scholar,
Braves Pass a Resolution
That Indirectly Oon
sures Hiiu.
Tlio llppn»e pollp»'llonii for februnty. IKOa,
wcro I,'I1,UOH, nn lnrrra««> In revvtum hvh' ttmt
for Pebrunty, UMil, wh»«nit wan M'lO.OHn 2(1.
Hlme the bffflnnlriR of thn yt««r 17.IKMI wbroij
Item*™ lmvi« It^n IhhihmI. Th« Incrnaa* In
I'Ollmitlona. through th* l«*uitne(» of lleiTin^g
not fornn-rly on tho btiokn w««*ti<««rly I'JDUU.
With the nnHlRtane« of llarU iniivectorN Uor
mnn unit Howlim tho Tax I'ollfietor lian ha»n
nl'ln to rnlliTi lliTiirin from it number of hack
owtiflm. Tluv number of hncki nnrt eoupe«
now imylntr llcenvm ore: tlHck*. SU4; rutiiieii,
KC iviIiIIpih 1 UccniioM rIiow mi lncr«aip of
t*n— tlie nvimb«r now balnv BflO. tip to dats
tliiTO Imvo I" 1 '" i:i'.l5 doff lic#tUCH IkhupiI, M«p
r««pntlnK * icvonut of |H7»o to tho city.
'I'Ihtii wxrv lulo kulooti llri'iim-n Untied for
Vobniory, 10(12. Ti>n mnnquer«i1» balln added
¦sno to thu wvnnnp. Hlnce Tax Collector
Smith took ofn>» In .lunuury lh« llri-naa col*
ifi-iioim iinvp IniM'MN'ii mom than |17,(hhi, umi
In but nun ttmtuiicn Iiiih It linen found nnri
nmy to tnnkii nn nrrnat, mul that a trit vitNe
whteh nan not yet been decided.
Thx Collator ICdwHrd J. Bmltti yest^r
tiny rtiiM|M<inii-ii for it ii.Ml.Hi or thirty tinyi
I)pputlM« 13. Jl. Trlpp.-O. i* Tuttlel F.
ItllllHPtHH, Hen I. Hiilniiii.il unit 19. It.
/Ion, Thn citunu of the miRpenHlun Im iiin
lui'W of work In tli« tux ottlee «t thn prcn
«?ut lime. The niinpeiuUd rttputitu, who
M m on thn civil «r»rvlce Hut, wilt bn !•••
Hluri'il tO ilUiy Apt-It 1. WhiUt l>li:«liii'M Ih
tlin oltUrt In rXptf!tP«l to ln«rpiti«.
1'hti rul* of tho Civil HfrvU'p Onmmln*
Moil thnt th« pIIhII/Ikm low^t on the lint
hIihII I" 1 hiihimmiiIimI If iiny dnnutlpl ttre to
I in iniiiovoil »io»'« not upply In vn»cn of hub*
l>en«loim .for thirty dityn miilrr ohnrter
jiroviHionN. ;;
Tho following roiiprt on llcemp collea
iIimih whm llli'tl by Urputy Tux Collector
.liiiin'i* Hlnutntin:
Working Force Owing to Luck
of Butlneii.
Tt»x Oolltotor Smith Reduces Hit
TBMPOBAEILY SUSPENDS
FIVE OF HIS DEPUTIES
RABBI'S EULOGY
OF DR. LE GONTE
' thrown from a bicycle at tho
Junction of Golden Gate avenue and
WILLIAM BURNETT, sexton
of Grace Episcopal Church,
wns seriously injured yestor^
day afternoon by being
IROQUOIS CLUB
HITS BRAUNHART
Tho injured man wa» at once conveyed
to the General Emergency •• Hospital,
where h« was treated by Dr. Maher. [ft
Bishop Nichols, on leurnlng of 'the ac
cident to Burnett, at once arranged to
have tho Injured man removed to St.
J.ukf'w HoHiillitl. >
Jones street, sustaining three broken ribs
on the rlgm side and a possible puncture
of the lungs. •
Burnett left the Diocesan House at 731
Cal!fornia\fitreet, intending to ride to the
park. Whll« riding along Golden Gate
avenue, near Jones street, one of the
small cable cars that run along Jones
street, from Market street to O'Farrell,
hove in sight, northward bound.
Burnett tried to make a dash across the
Jones-street track In front of the cable
car and met with disaster. The front
wheel .of hla bicycle, 1 was struck by tho
car arid Burnett wns thrown heavily to
the ground, falling on the. track and be
ing in imminent danger of being run
over. Ho had the presence of mind,
however, .to roll himself over from the
track and by so doing possibly saved his
life. . • ". . ; ¦ ¦ • •;
The Board of Health met yesterday and
considered a. proposed ordinance sub
mitted by Health Officer O'Brien .provid
ing fr)r the dfsinfection of shoddy and tho
raw material used in the manufacture
thereof. The ordinance makes it unlaw
ful to 'use any material in the manu
facture of shoddy unless It shall first be
disinfecte.d in a manner satisfactory to
the Board of Health. All machinery used
in the manufacture of sh'oddy and all
factories and warehouses shall be at all
times subject to the Inspection of the
Health Board. Every manufacturer of
shoddy shall within thirty days after the
passage of the ordinance register his
name at the health offlce and all shoddy
brought to this city shall be disinfected
by the health officers. The ordinance will
be revised at next Wednesday's meeting
and then recommended to the Board or
Supervisors, for passage.
The sanitary reduction works .was
given thirty days within which to submit
u plan for the abatement of the alleged
nuisance caused by the smoke from burn
ing garbage In Its Incinerator. This ao
tion was taken after a communication
was read from the Board of Public Works
stating that the effluvia from the works
was being pumped into the hot air sys
tem in the City Hall.
The board decided to recommend tha
adoption of plans for a new harbor emer
gency, hospital, ao the present one la In.
adequate to the needs of the water front.
The board' ordered that clinical instruc
tion be resumed in the City and County
HoKpltul next Monday.
Peter Qutnn, John J. Mahony, F. T.
Tulte and P. H. Barrett were appointed
watchmen at the Almshouse, City Hoa
pltal and Twonty-alxth 8troet Hospital,
The board directed City Chemist Green
to make monthly analysis of the water In
Alumeda Creek from which wnter Is sup
plied by tho Spring Valley Company.
The request of the Harry UrowerH* An
notation of Wattonvllltt, Cal.; that baa*
k*trin which herrlt'N ore shipped to can*
iu<rl«'H bn ftllOWfld to l>« uhpci ovpt ftguln
for the same purpose wn* denied,
to Abate Nuisance Caused by
Smoke From Incinerator.
Sanitary Seduction Works Is Notified
HEALTH BOARD WANTS
SHODDY DISINFECTED
Who this Important official will be At
torney Ford at the present time does not
know. He. has received advices from the
East, however, informing him that when
the proper time arrives tne official will be
on hand to represent the syndicate.
Attorney 'llrey L. ' Kurd wns seen yo«
terduy in reference to the deal, lie would
neither uttlrm nor deny that the money
would be transferred from New York to
this city through the agency of the Gov
ernment. He stated, however, that ho
expcctgd from the East shortly a high of
ilcml of the syndicate, who would remain
till the end of the deal. This official will
be empowered by the syndicate tq-eettle
any jquesllon which may come up and to
act personally for the proopectlve buyers
till iht! transaction Ih consummated.
'i'hld manner of trunsferrlne monpy 1m
not new and suvr«t nulto nn exn@nse to
iniilvidiniiM. It 1h iciu tied from N>>w York
Ihttt llrowii MntlhrrH, the great ilnrvtt
otertf, iinnio thn 'retiuast to the GdVern
niPiii for the umiHtiT ot thin vaMt itum
nf money m this city lit this mnnnor.
They fequetttcd thut thuy bo pprmittcd to
Hrut deposit $2,000,000, with tho privilege
of depoiJHlnBll8,00(>,iiOD,000 more before
trie end of next mouth.
That th« Unltlmor* ayndlente Intends to
iiihUh iim Html payment on the Market*
Btreet umiwiiy rteul on March in In most
Apparent from ltn request to the Govern
merit to be nlloweri to deposit 120,000,000
with the IooaI MUb'trPDRury In New YorK,
This money,, aftfi* hplng (tepoNltetl, will lie
• ¦iftiiifti in ii itnil the AHKlptmii Tr#ngurer
In thin on v. MfU'i" i»-Iiih duly inMlilr<i by
the tiutUtiiiUen tit WuHitlngton, will inunl
over |2O ( U00,WU In gold to tin- gyndlcato'ii
repreaentativo In uils city, when remitt-
Final Detail9 for the 8%'of
Market-Street Road Are %
Arranged,
Baltimore Syndicate Will
Deposit Sum With v
Sub- Treasury.
PURCHASE PRICE
TWENTY MILLIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY; MARCH 1, 1902.
EPISCOPAL. CHURCH* SEXTON
WHO' WAS INJURED IN A COL
LISION WITH A STREET CAR.
7
Si^lTANiap^™
INeap Market.
MONDAV'KVK., MAnCIl 3.
»»oviM" ".VE., MARC1I 3.
I "-.V ¦= ">if**^<\. r"". ] Appear*TiiCft of
J " U1VA --k "
NEVADA
•*M Icr <1t»tlnenlii»n'ii t:itii.|,r-un ahimh !
'¦ Al A " A '--MA 1 Ji!k1 1 .;!!."" iA "' " A>iu
MAIL «BiCBMM|5BSf- M;
CHI BIR/3R8A WKWKSCO'S
WVlaUBIfl^IA UADINOTHUTRE
MATINK1S T041AV.
To-nlehl flhii Htihda)'— t-ist Tltnen.
NViliiHtn A. Drkdy*. Ill* IVodurtlon ot rt*
Hrautlful lYMnial 1'lar.
WAY DOWN EAST.
NEXT ATTRACTION MONDAY, MARCH 3,
AuEUPtu» Thomas' r«"erle*» Atnerlcaa Play.
Arizona
"Hest piny »rcn on liroadwny In " KPnera-
t!on." — N. Y. World.
Seats and Boxes NOW_SELL1NG.
UH3UAECO &. TU ALL ..Manager*.
LAST 2l«GHTS.
TV II Crane'i Successful Comedy,
THE HEAD OF
THE FAMILY.
First Tlm«" In TWk City.
MATINEE TO-DAY AND SUNDAY.
>¦!•.« on Hale Mi Oayi> m Advance.
WICKS 15r. 25c. aJVc. OOc. T5C.
MONDAY— "AT THE WHITE HORSE
TAVERN."
MATINKKP TO-PAY AND TO-MORHOW. !
I>AST TWO NIGHTS OF !
V>ck lUdnninu MONDAY EVENING NEXT.
GHORGE OBER
On«> of Amerlca'a Foremost Comedlani,
In < "ha*. Hoyt'a Greatest Comedy.
A CONTENTED WOMAN.
Popular I'rieea— lOo. 15c, 23c. 6Oc, 75e.
C.ood Orchotra- Pcat». All Mn.tlne»g, 25c.
KVJINING8 AT « finAIlP!
MATISTK RATUnOAY AT 2 BHAnP!
THK TOWN IS ItlNGINO WITH IT,
aj, 1 1* rincklnK to Hear the
Hit ot the
BOSTON I ANS,
The
Serenade!
illesr "Tha runny fllde of That."
I'UJM'LAft HtlCI?l«-Sftc. DOo Bfid 78«.
¦j .-!.-; jM.nr llutfh P.
MATINrcn KtHMvT HAVfUtlAY. Man It t.
I'mqurltv, nvy nryt, £.V | HbIi/iIi>. U>v\ mil*
dull. >ui>' I'Btt ihirjit <• t)\<<' in
MODERN VAUDEVILLE'S BEST
The Thrpp Meern; The Probyn Ln-
dirk' Quartet; Billy (Single) Clif-
ford; Nufrcnt and Fri'tig, and the
Blogrnph. Lnet times of Sabel,
lha Blotsomi, Hawaiian Ql«e Club,
and Warren and Blanchard.
QCIASCO *"* TNALESjfarfVgt,
MATINEKK TO- DAY AND TO-MOIIHOW.
TO'NIOIIT eii'1 liinviay i:\ u 1<nrt Tlmra.
Ili 1,; 1 i-. it 1 in 1 • • "im ii> Hit of the Meaauli.
-CORNER
GROCERY.
HltJCER— nvrn:ng, JOe to ROc; Matln»», 10c,
Jttc and Xbe. .
NFXT MONDAY— Th« Wurrewiful Melodrama.
•TIIK I-AJT HTltOKK."
full cf Hirltlng Incident* and Novel Kfftctt.
i TO-DAY AND T<M<i(iflT-Last Times
MURRAY AND MACK
id th« flecond Edition of Th«ir Farce,
SHOOTING THE CHUTES,
37-rEOPLB XN THB CABT-47
NEXT RUN DAY, MAnCIl S.
"RUPIiirr OF HENTZAU."
A Kfquil to '"TJl» PrtaonT of ZriKla."
special Mafirrm— "I'fllRONICn OT J5ENDA"
Thuradty and Haturdty.
hi;atb nisAUY
iB m^rm 1 , ery Week D»y-
N^W CALIPORNIA JOCKBY CUUtt
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
lUoaa »urt nt a:l& p. m. aharp.
Vetry-wmi U-nvrn H»n Kranclaru at 13 m. anil
IVi.iw, t, 1 ¦:¦¦<. 2, S:Uu «ud :i ji. m., connecting
with iralnn atopplng B t ihr entranra «o th*
truck, l<a«i twu cara on iruln reairved for
ladlra «nd their rimotu; no •moklnii. Duy your
11 ny in 1.. <:• in , )„ 11 Mound. All tralna vln
• >, iw.ii'i itiitla lonrim-t with H«n I'ablu hvhuki
rlirtrlc rara «t Hfv»-nth and ]lroa4wav. Oak-
land. Al»o all tralna via Alin,,,-.|« muln enn-
nert whh Han J'aiilo avrnuv rara at KuurlMnth
«.:¦;. 1 iii.....i« t u, Oakland. Tlioaa elenlrlo ram
1 ¦• direct to ih« ii.n h in n f 1 « fit iiiiiiulrR
ItHut-nliiK— Tralna It-Mve 11. trnrli at
in,! 4 iu |i. ii. 1,1,. 1 iii, 1111 iitHn ij ,,fi,i <ha lait
TtinMAH If, U 1 1. 1.1 AM h ,!»,, IVealdpnt.
GUAMJiM Y, PMQti, £«<¦>', «kiJ Mm,
AilUEEMENTS.
"EMIL SAUER
AFTERNOON"
DY THE
PIANOLA,
assisted ny
MRS. J.E. BIRMINGHAM. Contralto.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
ICATINSa WKUNKSDAY, March 8.
At 2:90 Ji. in.
J'lsruila numheri will lie nelerteij from the
ruMil.mlUwlisi nml faVurltA ihiiitiI |ij>-icm ut
the uit-iii |,t,iiii f t, r.iuil huiitr, who uneH anil
tnfioi m* the 1'lanuln.
i 'inii|iiiiiii-iiiui v ticket* nmy be hod from
KO1IM3U A ClIANR, Kn«l>t> I'lano Aeency, SN
it ii.ii.ii st< Hi-nth i^nfivi-.i biaiib tn tho
Ar.liilltll (tlHl I'l.U.lilil |lr|,l. |<f KOlll.KIt .V
t'HAHK.
Wpilnemiuy •voniiiK, Mureh 13-="Pfl(iPrewnkl
Kvrnlnu" by the J'ImruI^
Fischers Theatre!
OTatTtll it.i nnu-rii Htocktnn nrnt Pdw«ll,
il-IJil'IIIINl! MAIN 231 FOR
THE FRENCH MAID.
GRDATOtT CAST HVUIt BI1UN IN
(SAN rilANCIftCO.
NRW ANU KMCOANT COKTUMttB.
CAl'TIVATIN'l IMNCRM. '
* "WillNAI, MUH1U.
A IIO8T OP" I'MKTTY IJ1HLH
»»Ol l l!LA»t ITIICKH— Oi»rr» rhulm, r«»rv»d.
£&; unit t.".-; iiox Ni-al», '(•<¦ M*tlnp«i KMtur*
d«y nmi B ""^"V|26'*i Children. Iflo^ ¦
THIS AFTERNOON AT 2 39.
IlKETllOVKN-WAaNEIt lMtonitAMMK.
—— UY T1IK
chicago symphony
orchestra;
TO-NIGHT,
Ktilnlisln' Nlxlit and Maff l<*otwrn Hyiniiliunv •
I'HICEK «...7.V. $l.(«i, |1. BO
Hi m» on Bait nl I'll, iifinn, ("lay * Co.'n Hull.
SUNDAY^NtCHT.
ISXTftA KARKWKI.h CONCEItTI
Full 1'artleulaiD Huniay'ii VitpfT*.
CHUTES^ and ZOO
GREAT VAUDEVILLE BILL
ALL OnPHEUM HTAltH.
SPECIALlO-NIGHT!
COMING t
THE GREAT CYCLE WHIRL!
Tele|ihon<» for Hratw— 1'ark S3.
wiimrciiiBBr
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
Vuii-iiHu and J'-oiirici-tiiii Mi.
KVKIIY I5VBNINO.
MAT1NKI5 TO-UAY AND TO'MOUliQW.
TIUUJU (1IIKAT BlfOWS IN ONE,
GREAT DUNBAR FAMILY.
DAHINO nVMNAHTH,
MAONIPIC7KNT HIKU I'li.'ATH '
TIIA1NKD A.NMMAI.H. .
IinAUTll'I'l. IMDY UlUJSMM.
Ai.Mifi-n.N', 83ei uiilUDimN, >0a.
' APVEBTTBEMENTS. ' ¦ •
» ¦¦.''•• ¦. - .
"77 u i i "i — r^s "\^
TUB TRUTHS.
WMI\ DROP of ink will color a whole glass
||IP of water. It is an inch of yeast which
makes a pan of bread rise, and a single
PP^rJ cake of soap containing unabsorbed
alkali can ruin a hundred times its cost in laces
and fine embroidery. After all, is it wise to take ;
such risks with common soap ? Of course you
can get along without Ivory Soap. So can a
wagon without axle grease — but it goes hard.
eoMKtoHT in* « ' th« nmii* a •amui c». ei-««iNM»ti
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
BOSTON'S BABBEXl REGULA-
TIONS. •
Board ol Health Order* Sterilization
of All That Barbara Uce on ;'.[,
OuRtomors.
A KpnclHt dliiputch' from llnston, May
5, 1!»00, to thn New York 8un kIvch hn new
ri'KiilatlnriM of thn Hopton Hoard o|"
il.nliii tin to hurbur ibdpai "Mimrs, nhnv-
ing bniHln'K nnd rn/.m-M Hlmll Ik« Mtot'lltZ^d
aft«»r 1'in'h ucpiirjitfl oho thorcof, a m'p-
nratfi clcnn towol clinll bo UHpd for each
\>"xni>n. Mnti'dal trt Htop tho How of
blood uliiill In- iici-il only in powdnrod form
nml uupIIpiI on a towel. PowdtT puffs
hio .prohibited." Whfrcvor N^wbro'n
"Hrrpfcldn" Ih nerd for fac* or nculp
after hIuivImk or hair cut i iim, thrru la no
dunRcr, um it Im antltseptlc, nnd klllH tho
danrti'iiff RPrin,
I PALACE and j
GRAND HOTELS.
On one Bide of these magnificent
lintels is tho wholesale and inunii-
fucturers' district— on the other jo.
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper ornceti, hunha and th«a*
ters, tiireet cars to all parts of the
cUy<*d«potfl, ferrleu utui pBrUn-
jtPHH tha I'litruiir-fi,
Amcrlean and JUurope&n plftns,
IK3 MM __ MM _ MMM _ M _. M _ , i "~~^~~~~IH
mm i ¦—-—— i I——- i ¦ ¦ i i i iii ¦ KaSSl
V\ Can You Describe Your Best Friend So That Jl
\ the Police Would Know Him? I
\\ Why the Sao Francisco Girl Is Queen of Ameri- II
Vy can Women.— By Mary Norman. II
\\ Read the Speeches That Won the Lodi- II
.Us Hnmboldt Debate. II
THE SUNDAY CALL LEADS THEM ALL
Q Q
" ¦¦¦
g^ m VLB tja r I
o o
THB SECOND DAY OP MARCH.
Jf READ "BROCKMAN'S MAVERICK."
II WHAT BECOMES Or THE CO-EDS? Vy
J SEE THE ADVENTURES OF "PAT AND HEINY." Vi
//- I : ul(-P«jjc Comic In Colopw \\
II •;• The Sunday Call Contains More Western Stories
// Than All Other San Francisco Sunday Papers Combined. UThe largest slaughter-house In the
world Is in Kansas City. Kana.
•Cranberries are grown in bogs, that 'cost
from $300 to $500 an acre.,, 1 : ; . ¦ • ';'.'¦¦ ;'.''
Will Aid .* 'Biddy"; Bishop.
A committee consisting of William La-
Chess Play nt Monte Carlo.
: \ MONTE CARLO, .Feb. 28,-The winners
iln tho morning's play of the International
chess '.tournament were 1 Pillsb'ury from
from Mortimer, Trfchlgorln
Ifrom Mason' and Marco from, Schbve.
'Marshall 1 and'MaToczy* had byes.^ In the
The members of the California' Camera
Club will have an outing -to-morrow in
v Marin 'County. Those, who attend' will
have a wide range of subjects 'to < photo-
Braph. They have the choice : of. a trip
up Mount Tamalnals or through' Redwood
Canyon or to the shore ¦ of , ;the ocoun.
The members will leave on the 8'a. m:>
boat of tho Sausallto ferry... . ..' . ¦
Camera Club Outing.
1 Santa Barbara Country Club— J. i'D. Cady,
E. n. Driver, J. F. Palmer, A. M. ltobbln».
A. B. BwlU and' W..t,., y«He. •
Hun • Francigco , Golf . Club— .John : Lawaon. J ;
W. Byrne, ,O. ,B. Cimkncy und h. O. Kellogg. :
Oakland •¦ Golf Club— K. • n, Folger, Q.> Dr
Greenwood, .W.' p. Johnson' and .F. S. Qtratton. 1
Burljngame Country CTub-rT. P. Gower. ¦.
Hany Will Try for Golf Honors.
* Thirty-four , entries . have I been ' received
for ' the Hecond competition '• for the- men's
amateur chumplonnhip' of the racillc
Coast 'Jiolt Association, play In which
will begin Monday on the links of the
hos: Angeles Country Club. The entries
are!' ¦ • • : ¦ . ¦ , ¦ . ( ' .\ . _ • , ;
¦ IjO* A nff'eles ¦ Country ' Club~K. S. Chapman, 1
R^H, lliiy-riminiitui. J. B. Cook, V. it, Kd
warclg, Walter Knlrbanki, V. M, Fish, iWllllam
KredcrlckBon. C. ' L," Hunter, ¦ U. K. Hunter, 1 J.'
A. Jevne. W. K. Jflwctt. C. K. Maud, R. D.
Oaborn.'-J." F."''8artorl, '-H.' M; Sean, K. T>.
Silent.' B.D.,Tufu, N. F. .WilUhlre and P. II.
Wilson; ¦ . .'. . .' • .-••¦¦*
Ready to Participate in the
Coast Championship
Meeting.
Tho San Francisco Yacht Club will soon
hold an ownors', meeting to discuss the
events to be placed on the programme and
the date at which the- season. shall be
opened. t . ,¦;•".¦'
The flrst yacht club- on' the bay to get
out its programme for the season; wa«
the California, but. the other, clubs will
soon bo following suit. A new race ap
pears on the i California Yacht Club's
schedule. It Is a handicap event, tho
prize bolng a silvur cup, presented by
Robert Vincent, one of the owners of the
sloop Alert, which defeated 10. F. Sagar's
sloop ICdna for tho Wallacn trophy last
your.' Tho dntnlla of tho race have not
boon Hi'tih-ii, but will bo In tho hands of
tho regatta committee, It- Is understood,
however, Ufa! .thn .Vincent cup:wlll bo
won outright by thn owner of the success
ful yacht. Thu .Wallace -trophy Is n. per
petual cup, and It has been 'found that
tho racing somewhat loses Interest • when
all an owner 'g«ts for a -victory; Is., the
engraving of his immtt on tho trophy,' To
add a little to the interest .aiid to 'give
the winning .owner a memento of his. vic
tory, it hus been th« pructice for thu last
yeur or two to prcftont a Mpeclally designed
flug to tho winner. - . ¦¦ ¦ . •,-'.
¦ It is salil I'hllln Cniliic. iiwiiit of Hip
big sloop Annie and thn half-rater Zcpliyr,
and commodore of tho Oakland 'Canon
Club, wants to rnce Zephyr against BOmo
of tho fast small yachts of tho Corin
thians. The commodore Is an. enthusiastic
yachtsman and, hns, probably had .more
yachts sailing in the ocean than any local
owner, if trips ¦ to Capo Nome : are ¦ ex-
CC'pted. ¦¦'¦;.(..•;'•
CORINTHIAN Club yachtsmen held
an owners' meeting last night at the
Merchants' Exchnnge, at which a
schedule of cruises, regattas and
othiT eventa was , arranged for the
coming season.
i , Q; ,V. , Green ; and. L.- W. ' Robltallle were
re-elected delegate*' to the association at
,tha annual meeting' of. the Sacramento
.Cricket Club held last month.
U Is expected the clubs at present In
eluded in the association will continue as
mombers, with the possible exception of
the California Club, which paid its/due*
and wus represented at the meetings ot
the association last yeur, but which had
•no tivtni lu tlm tleliK Homeofthe mem
bers of the' California team of l!MXl Joliicil
tho Santa Cruz Country, Club and playea
in, matches lust-season. -It' Is possible thu
attempt to preserve the identity of tho
California Club will not, be maintained.
', If thu club should go out of existence the
association will huvo only six members
during the coming season, as there is no
sign of a new club springing up In any
part of tho State, r • „ •
:lnirln« thu winter' about; ISO has been
expended In harrowing, 'and rolling the
ground at. Webster street,. Alameda, In
.the hope of putting It Into ,b»:tter con
dition for the coming season.
' Both" th«" delegates of the Alameda
Cricket Club. H.- M. Hoirue nnd J. J.
Morlarty. havlnsr'left San Francisco. Har«
;old;Wara and.H. W.* Brown were elected
i to succeed' thorn. ¦ .. ,
Tli I'] annual mooting of tha California
Crlckot Association will be held at
tho , Occidental Hotel on Monday
ovening next.' Tho association has
'.. , •" * lost' its second vice .president, who
was one of the best-known cricketers in
the State. This Is Hubert U. lloguo, who
was for several seasons captain of the
Alameda Cricket Club and . one of the
I best supporters , of , cricket ' on the FucMc
Coast. When the Hunter Harrison cham«
plonship cup wus ' won by the ' Alameda
Cricket Club for the, third time and so
becumu the absolute property of tho club,
it was presented to it. U. Iloguc. who
.took it with him to Australia on itm
occasion of his visit there a year or two
ago. It is not likely the' vacancy, left
by his departure will be nilcd by Ihe elec
tion . of ' another vice president; as tho as
sociation still has its' regular number of
fouf. ' . .
Leonard Chenery has been placed in
charge of the San Francisco team, but
has experienced considerable diniculty In
conducting negotiations with the Oak
landers. Vice Captain P. E. Bowles' busi
ness keeps him in Oakland, and Captuin
Orestes Pierce, who usually makes all ar
rangements for matche* on tiehalf of the
Oakland team, although he has an office
In this city, Is as elusive an a sunbeam.
The Ban Francisco men deslro to have a
team of ten players, who will probably
be chosen from th« following: T. <;. Me-
Conkey, O. 11. Cookwy, C. J. Decker.
Lli'ini mint J. S. Oyster. W. E. Lester, J.
Ii. M<<-. ('uptalti I». J. Rumbuuith, J.'-'in
ard Chcncry, WorthliiKton Aiiuh. C. It.
wimlow and II. A. liluckman.
The 8an - Francisco captain suggested
that no man be considered a class U man
who has piiiyi ii on a duns A team within
two years. If this principle bu adopted
the Oakland caiituln would be consider
ably restricted In his rholre. on the lant
three places on the Oakland team have
»>e«n allod by Bovpral men at various
tlme«. It in likely the condition of eligi
bility for rlass 4< will be that a man has
not represented his club as a class A mun
for <>;•'• year, or during the present season.
As tic* Oakland team, has oeen picked to
me<.t the San Frnnclsco golfers it would
be impossible, to play to-day.
Thn heavy fain of the lust few days has
prevented the competition for the Coun
rll's cup for ladles of the Ban' Francisco
(Jolf Club being finished. The scml-flnal
round should have been played on Friday,
February 21, nnd tho final round on'Mon
day, February 24, but there was rfo play
on either of these two days. The semi
final n>un«l. however, has only one match,
the third contestant having drawn a bye,
no it can be .played on any morning when
the two fair competitors agr£e. when It
is finished the final round can be decided
in the same way. As next week is entire
ly open on the schedule of the ladles' an
nex the contest should be concluded be
fore the end of that period. On Monday,
held. The event in question is the
first of a series of homc-and-home games
between teams representing class D of the
San Francisco and the Oakland golf
c!ubs. Tho Oaklanders having won the
match last year, the opening match
•bould take place on their links this sea
son.
ALTHOUGH! a golf match Is sched
uled for tills afternoon between
the Presidio and thn Oakland
players, It Is certain not to bo
The members of the California Wins
Club will open their season to-morrow
at the Ingloalde traps. The programme
for the season calls for six monthly
shoots at twelve pigeons and a final shoot
In September at twenty-five live birds.
There will be prizes at each shoot and a
$76 cup for the member making the high
*st, aggregate score.
The members have been handicapped on
their past performances. After the shoot
to-morrow those missing two or more
birds will. be placed forward one yard,
rne handicap of njen missing one bird
will remain unchanged. Those making
Btraight scores will be put back a yard.
The handicaps as they stand are:
C. A. Halght, M. 0. Feudner, C. C. Nau
man. HI yards; Dr. A. M. Barkar. C. H. Bhaw,
O. II. J. Jackson 80 yarda; W. J, Oolohar, P.
Mcltae. W. H. tollllamaon, P. j. Wal.h H.
C.. Oolcher, J. J. 8w«eney, Phil B. l)«k«art.
2» yarda: "Blade," Ed Fay. Utnnr Wiimr,
K. K. Webater. L>. U. Owens, A. M. Bhlald*.
Kd Donohoe, A. It. Jackion, Alex Hamilton. II.
Juittns, N. It. Neustadttr.-H. L. Foriter, zi
ynnU; A. -Roos James V. Coleman, John D.
Coleman, Dr. B. O. McConnell. Dr. W. O.
Burdsell F. Vernon, C. M. Flaher, H. Kull
nmn, W". L. deratla, SO yarda.
The Golden Gate Oun'dub omciiU.i have
handicapped the members as follows:
C. A. UulKht ni ynrii* at pUaons, 20 yaxda
at blue racks; M. O. Keudner 31, 20; C. C.
Nauman, 31, 20; C. II. Shaw 80, 10; O. II. T.
Jackaon 30. 10; II. C. Oolcher 20, 10; P. Mo
line 29, 20; W. J. Oolcher 2tt, 16; J. J.
Sweeney 20, 16; Phil II. Oekeart 20, ID;
"8lA-le" 28, 10; I* l>. Owen a 28. 16; A. At
Shield* 2M. lfl: I'M Donohn* 2». 14; Ales H.tni
lltoM-as, It; II. Juatlna 28, 10; N. II. Neuatad*
l«r.:s, Hi; !•:. U Forater. 28. 18: A. Itooa 1*7
14; Jamos V. Colemnn, 27, 14; John I) Cola
man .27. II; II. Kullman 2tl, 14; O. Andrew
2tl. 11; 1». J. Daum 27, U; Paul Delmas 28. II;
Dr. A. T. Derby 28, 16; D. DanUla 20. l/»
R E. Drake • 20, 14: F. Feurtner 20. 'IB; O. O
Oouud 20. 14; H. Hoppe 20, 14; II. it. n fm .
mer 27, 14; J. V. Sweeney 27, Id; J. Kullman
2d. 14; J. A. Kurney 30. 18: B. Karrlaon IT lh:
T. -I*. Lewla 2«. 14; q.'C. McMahon 2(1. ll :
W. R. Murdock 2i>. l«i; D. Ostrandcr 2fl u-
E. P. Preiton 20, 14; W. Price 27, 1«; w a'
Uobertnon 2N, 18; 8. O. Bcnvara 28. 16; \v \i
Weaver 29, 20: »A. U Wlel 26, 14; 13. A. Wandi
27, 14;* A. J. Webb 20. 20. .•;'..! "
¦ These handicaps will be changed month
ly -as follows: ¦ "
Shootera breaking: 23 and 24 tarKeta win
stand at 22 yards; 23 and 22 target *. 20
yards; 2.L and 20 targtts, 18 yards; lo, ih and
17 : targets, . 16 yarda; 16 targets or less 11
yards. 3(9RMBJHjdBHBjMHB&l
Announce Various Handicap Harks
Prom Which Wall-Known Bports
men Will Shoot.
riill'llyan'M handball court has passed
to tho ownership of M. 11. Itlordan. " It
will bo mnnugod,by J. Ulordan. The
enme's to-morrow will ba bttween thefol
lowing players ! ¦ " , ' .' •".;.
3. Mpyerand A, Klb'erg ,vi, V. J. Mullen and
H, l>darer, ¦ i ¦' • '* ** . . '
L..1I. Bernard and W., D,' 13rl«gi vi. M.
niordan and D..'O'Url*n. ' '• .. ,'
-M. McNeil and li. ~ Hogcrs t.va. P. Molntyri
• nil M. MoLeod. - '¦•« ¦''".. „ ' ".'
T. 8wc«ney and T.'Wnn v«. P. Farrell and
J, MnAdcn. ' " /.f 1^ •'
13. Harry and P. T«io vg. M. Klrby and R.
W*'Wslih and D.' Connelly >•. J. Lawleii
and W. Kavanaujrh. , _, ,
J. Qlynn and K. White v«. A. Whltemin
un.l W. Mitchell.
J. C. Nealon and J. Harlov vs. ' J. Rlordan
and;M..'J. Kllgallon.
and 10. Curley v* J. White and
W. Mosulre. i
1 Tho games to bo played at the Occi
dental, Athletic Club court are as toi
lows:
T. • n. • Cr«cloy and T. Sullivan v§. W. Held
nnd It. Donovan. VJI'I
U. 1 K. Mttrtlnea nnd V, Ilaycs vs. F. Robert
ion snd M. Dolan. „ ¦ ¦ • '
. J. II. K*nnealy and O. Flck vi. O. Baunders
and 0, J6hnnon.
¦ J. l>. Muliont.y and F. P. llaynei vs. O. D.',
liny ward and J. p. Uufty.
J. Condon und II. Cory ve. W. Colllne and
O. i Ounnlnshum.
\V, Conovnn • nnd O. Kelly •" vs. ; Dr. | K. ' B.'
WachhoVdt and'H. Orr. , • '
¦V. 1 Holland and W. Ooney v», A. Flck and
'F.' Holland. ,.¦ ¦ , " :
. Al Collins vs. William FUher. ' ¦
In tho Handball Courts.
Corinthians Outline Thcit
Cruisfts, Races and Re
gattas.
Six Clubs Will Probably Form
the Association This
Season.
THAP8H00TEHB OUTLINE
SEASON'S rilOOttAMMi:
YACHT OWNERS
SELECT DATES
MANY GOLFERS
IN THE SOUTH
CRICKETERS
ARE TO MEET
afternoon Gtihiibnrjr wen from Eleenberjr,
TelohmAiin mid Nftpler drew, Rcattld and
JnnowDkl ndjmirnptf their Kama for a see.
ond; tlme.'Albln and Bchiwhtcr divided
honors and Tttrraiich .1lnt«..i.-.i of Wolf.
In the contest for the men's amateur
chumplonshlp of Southern California the
results of the play in tho first round were
as follows: W. Krederickson bent J. A.
Jconc, 4 up 3 to play; C. K. Maud beat N.
V. Wllshlr«. 4 up 3 to piny; H. M. Hears
beat F. C. 'NVntcrous, C up 3 to' play; P. It.
Wilson beat H. II. Hay Chapman, 3 up 2
to play; J. IS. Cook beat W. K. Jowett, 3
up 2 to play; C. K. Orr beat C. I* Hunter,
2 up; J. F. Hnrtorl won by default from
F. H. Kdwards, and Walter Fairbanks
won his match.
W'hf second round" was'productlve of sur
prispH, resultlni; In tin- overthrow of Falr
iiiuikn. tho winner of the championship
lnBt year; the defeat of C. K. Orr, chain,
plon of VM, and tho downfall of C. IS.
Mnuil, runner-up to Fairbanks und Orr.
Th« results vu>rt> an follown: Frederlckson
best Maud, 2 up 1 to play; Hears bent
Fairbanks, 2 up 1 to play: Cook beat Wll
non, .1 up 1 to play, and Hurtorl beat Orr,
r, up 4 to play. Hears and Fairbanks mado
the first eight holes in the SHm« number
of stroke*. Up to the thirteenth holo Fair
bunks led, when Scars caught and pansed
him. In the semi-final round Fredctrlck
son met Bears und Cook wns matched
URuinst Bartorl. A remarkable feature
about tin- contest was that the four muni
danKerouH men, C. JS. Maud, C. 15. Orr,'
Walter Fairbanks and W. K. Jowett of
Philadelphia, wcri all disposed of In tho
first or second match play round, 'though
no two of them were drawn toRether.
After'the amateur championship of the
Puclflc Coast Golf Association is decide.!
the content for the open championship of
Southern California will begin. ¦ This is
.open to all Rolfera, whether amateur or.
nrnfetislonal, and will bo over seventy-two
holes, medal play. Entries closa to-day
with J. F. Sartorl, the secretary of tho
nnsoclatlon, at his office In Los Angeles.
The play will .take -place, on Friday and
Saturday. March 7 and 8. Professionals
will receive money. prizes and amateurs
will " be rewarded with plate. Northern
California will be represented by F. J.
Hellly, tho professional of tho Burllngame
Country Club, and possibly by Robert
Johnstone, the instructor of tho San
Francisco Golf, Club. Some of the Oak
land and San Francisco amateurs will
also take part in the competition. . ~
March lft, thiw will ha Indies' foursome*,
over HKhtt^H IioIph, mntch play, on th«
Cit-r.iiliM UtiliP, (piifiurtF! being drawn by
lot. .
VV. I*. Johntton, It. M. I'ltsa^rttld and 13.
It. Folder of thf Onklmul (Jolf Club nrt< al
l-m AtiK-l'P. wIihi- III.- iniiillfylliK rulliiil
for ih» inen'i nitiut^ut* oh)ifti}it6tiMliU» of'
the l'ttdfle Const will l>« plnycd *nt Mon
day on the links of the Country Club, Thtt
"i" iiIiib ii nd urcond rouud« of mutch tilivy
will tukn pinto on Tuesday, fttiu on
Wednesday tho *6nil>flmil round. All
these except the quntlfyiiiK round, which
Is over thirty-six holes, will !>o rlghteen*
hole matchrs. The llnai round, ovrr thli'
ty-Hlx holfK, will be played on Thursday,
George D. Greenwood of the Oaklnml Golf
Club is also at Los Angeles and will wit
ness the second itmmul Contest for the
nmoteur chomtilonxhip. J. W. Hyrne, I,.
O. Kcllogff and GcorKO B. Cooksoy aro
the representatives of the Ban Francisco
Golf Club.
vlHne, UHfry Cvrl>Ptt,;John '" Herffflt «"<!
Tim ' Medrftth .Iimm .culled n mating of
ih»> frlpmiB t>l "LUdtJyV lllnhoit for n«xt
Holiday pvpiiIiib, itt room 12, lnfi ISIIIm
fetretit. ' Tho' yountr riKixInn ttiHimKer IB
n'Hi tinly III nnd In lined of nNMJMUtni'e. It
In jHretioitd to give him ti benefit onny.ln
Aiirll. ¦ ' ¦ . ;
TENNIS MEN
WILL COMPETE
Ready to Play Off Matches
Postponed Because of
Bad Weather.
TWO incomplete tennis tournament*
will be finished to-day, and to-mor
row at the California Club's courts.
Th* class singles tournament com
menced last Saturday on the courts of
th* Coquellcot Tennis Club In Oakland"
win also be completed to-day If possible.
In the California Club tournament play
was, completed down to tha semi-finals,
the four remaining 1 in are: W. B. Collier
and Fred Brown of the first class, Sidney
Salisbury of th* second and Herbert
Schmidt of th* third class. Collier will
allow Salisbury odds of " flfte . en ' ank wn "?
the odds conceded by Brown to Schmidt
will be "half thirty/ Collier and Brown
will probably com* together in the final.
These two men have met twice In the last
few months and each 1» credited with a
victory. Brown almost made It two
straight, but after h»vln« the match
within a point several times nnally lost.
Schmidt and Salisbury both played bet
ter than usual on Saturday and unlesn
they eo to pieces will cut quite a figure in
their matches. Many pick Schmidt to win
th* tournament, as he has shown steady
Improvement of late.
Tho Oakland tournament, owing to the
exceedingly largo entry list, Is not so near
completion as is the event on this side of
the bay. In the championship class Reu
ben Hunt and George IJuker. two cracks
from the University of California, will
play in the final. Hunt i» expected to win.
out if Baker ha* improved much in the
pant year ho will make his opponent work
hard to do so.
In the first class the four men left to
contend for class honors are: C II. Oor
rill. William T. Frost, W. Cooper and W.
A. Haloy. Frost is a strong favorite in
this class. • .
In thn second class K. M. Otis and Rrud
ford Webster will play In tha final. In
tha third chins the two men to reach the
final were 8. Hawlcy and C. Delancey.
Some Bood matches will result from tho
Interclaas play-off.
The Polytechnic High School's doubles
try-out will bo completed this mornlnst on
the California Club courts. Tho Oeary
brothers will play Horace Mann and Sum
Llllcnthal in the Heml-tlnata. The winncrct
will play Marsh and Murtin In tho final.
The Oeary brothers earned quite a reputa
tion in Seattle and are strong favorite*
for first honors. Horace Mann won tha
singles try-out and will represent hla
school. Hla defeat of "Bill" Geary was a
surprise, as the latter was expected to
WHEN the University of California athletic team starts eastward in April to measure the strength and. the speed of its members >vith the crack' sprinters and field athletes of the East the hopes of its admirers will center*
chiefly about Anthony Cadogan nnd Alfred Plaw. These two wearers of the blue and gold are expected to hold their own -in any \ company. ' There is reason for. the confidence of their admirers, as each man has
proved his .mettle in the sharpest competition. Cadogan is a sure lo-sccond man in the i bo-yard 1 dash. He has covered the"distance in even time on three occasions and * on different cinder paths. He accomplished
jhc feat first at the University of California-Stanford field day, held on Berkeley oval; last April. .On May. 6 he repeated the performance at 'the, University of Oregon-California meet held at Eugene, Oregon. Four
days later. he accomplished the feat at Seattle when.the California team met tlie 'representatives of the University of Washington. At Yale,' oii May 5, 1900, he defeated Richards in 10 1-5 seconds. On June 2, at Chicago, he won the
"hundred" in 10 1-5 and the 220-yard dash in 22 2^5. Cadogan has filled out. considerably' during tlie' winter, and, gives promise ,of!better^ work during the coming season. He has a clever team mate in Brown, who has shown
well in the sprints, Plaw, the youthful Hercules, has steadily improved under the tuition of Tom CarrolK n ninstir-liaml at weight throwing, until 'there 1 is no telling whntimnrk he will ultimately set. In practice recently he sent
the 16-pound hammer a distance of 187 feet 4 inches. The American record is 171 feet 9 'inchesjielcl by John l ? lanagan. There are other goodmen on the team, including R.R. Service, the speedy "milcr"; II. C. Check, the
hurdler; Ed Hussey, the jumper and sprinter, who captains the team, and W. A. .Powell, a good a11-aroiin ( d r majv, but particularly stfong^overthe hurdles.
The second series < of contests of the S 1.1
Francisco Fly Casting Club will be hclil
this afternoon and to-morrow morning at
Blow Lake. Oolden Gate Park.
Tho regular monthly meeting and din
ner of the club will be held Tuesday 1
evening at the California Hotel.
Flycastexs at Stow Lake.
Ni;vnli tii the history of tnoloneti
coursing In any country hav# tha
Kfipctntora been afforded »uch sen*
national npntl n» tlurltirt the r«*t
few months at Union Park. Thn
hnriss have b^en ununtmlly strong nn>l
have tnUcrrthe greyhound* across tha
Held repeatedly, without a turn being se
cured.
The sight Is a stirring one. especially
when tho dog* run neck and neck for
nearly u minute. In former years during
tho winter season the scores would sel
dom bo more than 3 to 1. Now they fre
quently run up to 15 nnd sometime* moro
points, while trials often continue for two
minutes beforo tho hare la either cap*
tured or makes good Its escape.
The first Important match arranged In
rectnt. years will »>¦< held at Union Park
cno week from to-morrow. Th« contest
ants will !"• Btaquoc. winner o( the Call'
fnrnla Pinto last Sunday, and Sacramento
lloy. winner of tho John Uruco Challenge
Cup In l!!00. The match will be threw out
of five courses. There It a wldo differ
ence of opinion as to tho outcome.
UrorRo Mad 1 '. Malcolm, keeper of tho
Stud Hook, has made some Interesting
invcBtlKattona regarding the blood line*
of rreyhound* which Tmv« won claaalo
coursing events, fn Kngland ilnn-i through
whoso veins course* tho blood of Herachcl
have for many year* won tho Waterloo
Cup. lleforu tho Hemchels the . j « - - » 1 « • 1
blood was the fnshlonable strain, and thti
winner of tho Waterloo Invariably turned
up in some member of that family.
Comlntf nearer home it is found tha
Hltyn fki>t family upparently ha* a claim
on the John Gruc« Challenge Cup. It was
won In ivr/ by Nellie Conroy, a gran 1
duughter of Mi.iiii---.hi. the slro of Sky
rocket. In lssw Connermira, a grandson
<>f Midnight, won. In 1309 the peerloftt
For Freedom, the sensational performer
of his tiftii-. broke the sequence. In l:«">
at the spring meettnir Luxor, a grandson
of Ml.lni«ht, won, with Connen\ura run
ner up. In the fall of I'M Deacon, anothrr
ttrnndson of Midnight, wus runner up. In
r.»'i Licncon won.
•Tin- California "Plate has alwayi been
wen by descendants of Kmtn Punha.
The first payment on this year's Futur
ity Is duo to-day. Tho stake In for grey
hounds whelped last year and will be de
cided at Union Park on September 7.
n Some Spectacular
Sport.
Inclosed Coursing Provides
HOUNDS RUN
IN FINE STYLE
developed over the exhibition.
A number of well-known ladies have
graciously consented to act as patron
esses of »the enow, thus Insuring its suc
cess as a social function. A partial list
Includes: ~_ , _
Mrs. E. D. Beylard, Mrs. Francis J.
Carolnn. Mrs. George W. Glbbs. Mrs. Jo-
Bf-ph IX Grant, Mrs. William B. Hooper.
Mrs. J. Lincoln, Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
Mrs. A. W. Moore, Mrs. George Pope,
Mrs. Henry T. Beoit, Mrs. Austin C.
Tubba, Mra. Mount ford Wilson.
From the point of view of the sports
man the affair will cast in the shad« all
the previous efforts In this direction. That
the entry will be large is evidenced by the
demand for premium lists and entry
bleaks thnl has already set In.
These will not be ready for »v fortnight
yrt, hut the application* are being nlen
end will bti complied with by the cluU
<,m« in]*. »t the t-Hrliest possible moment.
The prise cups will be <»f unusual value.
Hi>vrMty club* and Individual* in differ
*nt part* of the country have offered epe.
• is I purs for <*empeim«»n among the va
rious brepds which will 1h» rfur^ented,
The Eastern fwiiey h«» l>*en pBrtleulitrly
kind. The men of the NorthwrM hIsi» have
r-htiirlbuiwl liberally. Tlie iirfeldent <if
tin* BrtHlle lirtinrl Cltlfo hiu» urnprMed .1
#=i|\f>r nip. Th«» Am««i'le«n Pox Terrier
v\u\> offer* four fujm mid the pTepidPiit
«f th«* Victoria Kennrl Club, Mm. lima
lr> l>ynPi oiirin n tm» for the l)p*t lerrUr
nwhrif flti»1 rklilbltrtl In »h> HUB l»y a Ind*.
Tim HI, lli*rliBld <*ltil» rtf AttHMlra and Him
lltillflng Club nf Ami ill n will each h.>
irprrnriitfi Uy pN«r> cupn.
The roi-Urr rtpntilrl nub hnw fnllowed
11m lend or the fiiutPtiiB men ntid will lmvi<
' n irrtlnn drvotrd rntlrrly to the blor-il of
dogs II necks in perpetual r. Thin offer* a
wldp opportunity for deeorntlvp offer!*,
ntid In rxprctod to renult In 11 kIhMI.v hi
runRrmcnt fif the *how.
HONORARY MANAGER L. A.
KLEIN of the San Francisco Ken
nel Club Show, to be held In Me
chanics' Pavilion next monthr Is
gratified at the interest which has
Ladies Consent Graciously to
Act in the Name of
Charity*
KENNEL SHOW
PATRONESSES
FLEET SPRINTERS WILL UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
THE SAN f : CALL, SAT^KD^Y; ; MARCH7.lV ;19Q2.?
8Park Policeman A. JY Btlles of Chicngo
¦ayi hn hurt stopped 130, runaways/
PHIT.ADRI.PHIA, Fab. 2«.— The niiMlan
Hifanif hip Awtraea, from ¦ I.Ibau, arrived • h*r«
to.day. 8h« brings a oonnlgnmentiofjordnnne*
for '.thft .battleship ibuilt liy th* Crnini) Corn
tuny (or the Hum Ian Government.
Track Notes.
The festurc of the racing ut Oakland
this afternoon mill bo the California.
Dfrby over one and a quarter miles. Tha
field If a Miihii but select one, among th*
umii i a being (iiuii Morrii' great: pair,
NEW ORLEANB, Feb. 28.— Crescent " City
summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling-— Dr. Bteph«
ens won. Diffidence second, Ante Up third.
Tine. 1:10.
Hecond race, one mile and an eighth, gelling—
Afra, won, Prince Zeno second, Joo Collins
third. Ttme, 1:6a. - . .
Third rare, h!k furlong*, aelllnr — Masterful
won, Judge Mage* second, Iloyal Bterlln* third.
Time, 1:16. .^
Fourth race, six furlongs, handHfii'.— Uhkh
won, Amlrarl second, Hulm of Qllead third.
Time, l:Hi,i.
Fifth race, one mile and an eighth, kHUni? —
Depunan won. Pay the Klddler aecpnij, Little
Utts third. Time, JiBftH. •¦¦
Hlxth r#ce. six nnd a half fiirloiigs-i.nrtm'
won, j;cii(.iiale ««cond, MoWllllam* third. Time,
JI21H,
Results at New Orleans.
; PORT -TOWNSEND,, Feb. 28.-Reporta
from Cape Flattery to-day state. that dur
ing the past' three, days, a storm of un
usual violence has been raging off the
entrance to the straits of Juan de Fuca
and 11 number of vessels are stormbound
In Clallam Bay. The steam collier Mack
inaw made two attempts' to pass out, but
returned to Clallam Bay to await the sub
siding of the. elements.
The brig W. Q, .Irwin, .with -a cargo of
lime, was towed to sea at the beglnrtlnj?
of the Btorm* and some fears are enter
tained that she has met disaster, as Hho
has I not « been reported by Incoming ves
»elB,. When she reached th« open sea the
tug tried to 'tow, her, back, bur was com
pelled, to let her go and when last seen
she wan heading for ,the nea, with the
wnves.breakinR over her.
STOCKTON, Feb. 28.-The California
Prlebn Commission, , a philanthropic '. bo
ciety organized to assist discharged con
victs, of which Charles Montgomery, of
San Francisco Is tho president, la arrang
ing to bring a criminal action against
Warden M. G, Agulrre, charging him
with assault upon the peraon , of Eve
Thompson, a colored boy, who was sent
to thn .penitentiary from Stockton ten
months ago f«r uwault with Intent, to
commit great bodily Injury. Thompson
threw a brick at a conductor on a'South
ern Fadno train new this city. Ha plead
ed guilty n ml was sentenced < to a yoar's
imprisonment,' but was released at- the
expiration- of "ten months, • his , conduct
having been good. , , , • , -
The colored^ boy Is rnred for by the
ANnnrlntfi ciitirlili-H of ilils t'tly, whero
he arrived oftep hnvinii been released
Selections for To-Day.
First race — Montoya, Inocencla, Lemuel.
Second race — Hilary. Phil Archibald, Rasp. -
Third race — Bassenzo, Cuban Girl, ' Impo
nente.
Fourth race— Morris stable, Waterscratclv
Fifth race — Hungarian, Urchin, Formero. '
Sixth race^ — Meehanua, Duckoy, Wyomlnf.
from prison last Monday. He was recog-i
nlzed ¦ on the street by Joseph King, .an
ex-convlct and reformed , burglar, who Is
ndw delivering lectures under the auB
plcea of- the California Prison "Commis
sion, the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion and the Prisoners' Mutual Endeavor
Society. The boy Is badly scarred about
the abdomen and hips and his hands and
arms are badly crippled from having
been placed In' the straltjackst tin San
Quentin. • . -'.¦ f^WX^
V, King, who was released last December,
says he > was In the prison ''when : the
punishment was Inflicted , upon ¦ Thomp
son, r Thompson and a man named
Shaughneasy, the latter serving a term
for shooting 1 at a •witness In Ban Fran
cisco, got Into a quarrel nnd 'struck each
other. Both- were placed I n straitjackets
for ,' twenty-four, . hours,; and accord
ing to King, ShaughnesBy la now out on
parole In violation of tho law,, he having
been given his liberty because of politi
cal .Influence,' to. keep him from, making"
complaint. This, was laat November.
- King declares that- Montgomery .und
himself have b<»on waiting to get hold of
Just such a case, that they mftht: expose
tha cruel practices In voruq In San Quen
tin. Hb promises startllnsr disclosures.
A mlr.ntrel entertainment waa given
under tho auspices of Inn Grand Lodgn
of trip Ancient Onlor of Unltoil Worlimen
In 0.1.1 Ki-iImum 1 11. ill lii.it ntght and Iha
performnnre* wiw enjoyert by ft largo au
cilerfp. Tho flrnt part wna composer! of
sotiBs, comlo nnd sentlmontRl, arid Jnksa
ami lornl hits, rnntrltintml hy Niton
Lnmtiprt. \V. w. llrnckctt, l"\ fllonna, M.
Dfvvla, It. I'Manntgiin, H. Hulro, Nt, Hruka'*,
Jui-k tUrrls, J. W, KUher imrt ft. K..
Cnetney, A ftirrn, entltleil "Itnmen nna
Jtllitit," prnilui'ert hY J. M. Mi'Oormli'lc
«rit1 u rninjmny of iilayern, 'onmMurtml thn
nerformnnce. Afl«r th« mlnstjalsv
ihfiti wm a prngrtimmo of rinnclng tint
did not does till midnight.
Workmen Entertain Their Friends.
i' • v "'T^j^**- Wright, lit. Ij. V 8tr. Pin, uwnrr nnd Jock<<>>. Oi»! UlB t?lV
BdlBborotigti, *...»!» a II |l t<| 1 ft \vT\\> krtfhpmar77TVk»n * ft. a 18 -ft
{tail wr neural, a.... iw 1 n a& a« an l\ fhrndiin?. "i \v«STi" T?i" "a"
H *• Lnvatnr. « ,.,...180 T T T 4 «» 4 « 11. 15, llt<WeU > .llottmait tl SJU
S?St \u0008 "?***• *4ffi 9 rtl ft * « « « «» Miss K. ltwd....Trofclrt .IOU 100
ttioa iKUiw-n,^ .^....tat 6 4 a 4 U T t M. AUman L .....Uomrw ; 40 lou
Tlnip— To U. :pu; ta U, i!W*»t Inn fck, l:08!i,h»rt % it lilt*, doqii *tatti \\Weastly. B*7.
•nd and third driving. Wlnnrr. \Y. it. Ketrheman'e br. h. by Alhrrt^Mol Mol, Blr l)ou>
1^" brBlln bac>lln i» «!»• Thone brhlrnl him were a chesji batch.
830(1. SECOND itAClS— Beven turlongi; »el4«4t! three-) enr-olda and up; to first, |325, *"^~
tndcaJHom. Af. Weltht.' St. U. h. et r. F,n. \ O*t*r ond Jockey, j o^ '"'I?!.
:;•»» J'bll Archibald 4.112 *3 In Ih .10 in crane ft r 0 ltan«ch "Tb 6wi
.'::ir.» I^gml Mnxlm. 3..UM A Bl 2 2 1 14 n Junes * Co.. ...... Hoar tl a
•H >% 1 !? ud ?,: u 3 . •.••% <1 V T 2 ! l *4h ilh 38 (» W. Ualdwln.O'Connoi » 10-B
:t3.Mi liar. Thatcher. B.I 12 4 Sh J h • 4 10 4 1.1 \\\ Johnson Kte 8 10
iiilff. larttln »> 1_:-V-J'S ? ?. S> 80 a 10 «>'hrl«-n & Co.. .Jnekeon 4 4
aSOtf Justus Oocbcl, 4..1OB 1 4_h_B8_0 0 »;_«. l«pok. .. . .Tit>xUr - B0_ 100
4 * V 20^' «^- ! "i^C"^ l^-'i^- JLi? 0 * 1 Good ' »tart. * Won" fir«t thjrMidrtvlife
Mnnrr J II. Crkne & Co\. b. h by Artlllrr.v.FlonM... Archibald a tough one. Maxl'n
Imprmed his ro^tlon a trifle. E«tado tired tho lavt eighth. Matatlne a falte alarm.
Thatcher may do better.
3307. THIRD HACC— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-oldi and up; to flmt, |323.
lndcK(lIor«e. Age. Wdght.jBt. H. K. S'.f. Fin. I Onn»r and Jockey. J Op?" 'IS'.
<gg>lggWi riay. B 117 1 I U 1 1H 1 n Tl Nlehola"A~itowleyl . r>Tior| "™!v JTb
3M0 El Itey, 4 107 3 82 2 3 2 « 2 8 j>. c. t>onatft'he. ..O'Con 8-6 .1
8359 trral, 4 101 8 4 1 4 10 3 2 a fl \V, K, Cutton Hoar 4 T«2
:;:un Caadale, fl 104 2 2 2. II '2 4 0 4 10 K. J. Stoers. .-...J Daly «» - S
:i:t47 r;imcr L. 4 lOti 4 H <l 1 5 ii A 10 Klumlcr * Uurns.TrnxIr 10 3t)
:i:ir..1 Oold liaron, O....ttn» «l 7 8 T 1 « R HH II I. llnnkell Hi-ll li(\- 100
::U7 nmitlR, 4 ion 7 Rh 8 T471 J.'-ll.' nradford..Frawley • 8 BO
;:»C Jrnnlr Hfld. fl. .^1K 8_ fl h_ ft_2 8 H |j. M Crane lu n«.. it . H _ 10
<Ttm— K,. .a«H; >i i!V3^; K, 1.22. Gool "mnrT. \\on alC.out. He'ronii"^irii1 "third driving.
Winner. Nichols & Bowlers h. m. by Foul Khot-Thermla. - Winner bcit. Kl Ucy improved
-^"L-^ 0 ?'!"*- 0 - J 1 ! 8 -'!"-" _**': . >Illll>lfl no »P«cd. fcratrhed— U. F. Manon 101)
3.HIS. FOl ItTH RACE— Six ana a half furlongn; m-lllng; 3>y«ar>old* and up; to first. |325.
Indr«|Hom». Age. Weight. St. %. ' H. Btr. Fin. Owner ami Jockey. Op! Ifl.
55 ". EwS II. 4 io« IIS 1 1H 1 1 13 J. H.cT-n«. .....Jackson 'fl.il 12. B
CJ.U1O Flamrro. 6 107 .1 ! h 22 24 24 I>. Cammin Itani.M) 4-5 lt-10
r»jr.n Merops. o 107 as 3 h .1 .1 ;i h k. n. Weir Hoar 4 18-5
n318 Alturas. «. 107 2 3 h B 4 0 4 12 Pmlth ft Hnvldiicn..Trxlr 50 1W>
H341 llnvlt-tus, 4 104 4 42 4n S B Jam™ \Vlinon_j_. ,.J. Daly 8 BO
Time— >j. :25»i: H. :M: V. 1:214: «Hf, I:2SW. Oood start. Won eaallyl Second and
third drlvtn«. Winner. J. M. Crane'a b. ».-bv Bt. FIorlan-Queemtown. . Quiz bMt ridden.
It«n»ch h»il KUmfm In all th* deep going. M«rop» won't do. Invlctua no Nccnunt.
C3»W». riFTH HACK— Prven furlong*; aelllnit; three-year-olds and up; to (1r»t. >325.
l ~1 ilOn *' '*"*• W<> '' thtl 8t - %• H- *f- Wn. Own«r and Jockey. Op? tUn <?|.
::W7 nragg. ".... P» 1 In Jl 1 ii i~2 Curl A Co.. lUnnrh 4 l«.S
x:i:>7 Dunblane, a 112 2 2 1 In 2 10 2 10 Jenntnga' * Co..O'Connr C-fl fi-5
.-..WJ B.rd Hurna. 4....UW a 3 1 4H «ft j| 1». 8. Fountain.. Howion S 8
:s.».%o h ti<iv. a o« ft 4 n Si 4 it 4 M K. K. IM wards. ,J. Imly a ii.b
litvtn ll>fvrrru«. t _a. ;| . .. .102 4 fl fl B » H._ Merrlwether.MeKenna gOO 40Q
Tl^^'V. : r' il!i: «?; :IV41 ' : l l n - 1>oor » tart Won fl'vcriy. Second «nd
third driving. Winner, rurl * «>.'a n. p. by Plddartha-Oantatrlce. Uragg beat IiIh field
A".!'* JTl r^'-*-"*! -1 j 1 "^".!*"^. Hotsny atale.
:t:i7<». 81XTH ItAi'H— Kive and a half furlnngn: «e!lln«: thred.year*ol<]»: to flrat, $325.
tnflesjHor— and Wright. Bt. H. %. Str. Fin. Ownrr and Jockey. O|' tll 1f|.
¦»« WHO 0 * C^iS ? I ' ' ' ~i"> 1 n D. SrhrMbcr Itsnurh 5 5
'£< » r '"t Un ,?.. IL 7 , J ? l A ? f. H 2 8 V J. Cnnway J. Wood. T-10 1-S
:mi Derby Winner.... tnfl 1 4 10 4 15 8 .1 .'lift \v. Ketpheman...Troxlfr ftO 4rt
!•«»» M ? l. 7 »lna 105 f, il a 3 3 4 15 4 !J Mallawmet 8. K. . Jarksn 3 1tl.fl
.•«-.» IOU. 102 3 6 fl ft a |c. W. t'happ»U..Wstrhry «0 _j?QO
T1^t~"^. < J 2O 2» ! iSl'.i^'' li 1 ? 1 . H 004 • urt> flrit thre« driving. Winner, n.
»>hr*-lh*r'm b. «. by Foul tihot-I>utcle I^arondlc Prmtano quit while galloping. M.iliiili.liia
tun I i!. r 1'iiif tii.ii) K.-.lTiii.
Tin: going at Oakland yesterday
whs gluey and holding enough to
pull out the nails from tha horses'
plates. It was undoubtedly the
worm truck of the. nenson to travel
over, us the time for tha different event*
will attest. Tho downfull of four favor*
Itrs, then, under nurh condition* will
i«i in no hiihim- from thnae familiar
with the raring gnm«\ Thll Ar«hl»>nM.
the KlX'duy gu-aaryou'please pedestrian,
finally rnrncd l>ri«rhfi«, stnrtlng » natu
r»l rho|"«, wnrt Toul Tiny was the oth«r
feirtunatft favprlte..
At the very ©utict ft warm fuvorlte was
lipped over In Blr Dougai, whlrh went to
tlin popt a ft to SO choice for th« opening
j -lit in n > .".UN. «prlnt. At 1 1»- atart Jaek
*on Jumprd away in the lead with I5dln
tareugh and wai Dot heftdtd. Hard ridden
fay Wood*, th« favorite finished eecond
in front of Loyal B, beaten nv« lengths.
Vt>r the fourth con*ecutlva day Phil
Archibald turned up a> ftarter, and th«
big gelding captured the seven-furlonfc
run in a hard drive from Legal Maxim.
He closed a « to 6 favorite, ahd, after cut*
ling out the pace, won by a neck. Es
lado received etcady eupport at 3, but
was carried wide In tho stretch by the
winner, finishing third.
Foul Play, which scored on Thursday
et odds of 20 to 1, repeated her perform
ance in the third event, only on this ncca»
elon she ruled a 7 to 5 favorite. Prior
epaln rode the mare and she led from
*tart to finish. El Rey. with O'Connor In
the saddle, proved a. dangerous contender
through the stretch, losing by a length
only. Ural took the show.
J. Ransch on Flamero. the 9 to 10 ra
vorite lor the Blx and a half furlong sell
ing affair, picked out the very deepest of
the going, with a consequence that he
was beaten with ease' by Qulz^II. Lee
Jackson rode the winner and made a run
away race of It. Hard ridden by Hoar,
Merops landed In third position.
Bragg, with Ransch and 95 pound* In
the. saddle, clearly outgamed Dunblane
through the stretch In the second seven
furlong run. The latter horse was In
stalled favorite, and, piloted by O'Connor,
looked very much like "the merchandise."
Ransrh thaved all the corners good and
close with Bragg, and when it came to a
long drive the three-year-old possessed
the most Btamlna, deposing of O'Connor'*
mount by two lengths, Botany, the «ec
ond choice, appears to have lost hi* bee^
form.
Nearly all the losers unloaded on Pres
tano. favorite for the last race, to "get
out." That u< 1-11. ,k rewarded their en
thuHlapm by trailing and finishing second
to KlJldo*. a 6 to 1 shot with Ilan*ch up,
Derby Winder, a JW to, l *hot, ran third.
Homejitead and Sombrero; Corrlgan, tho
black colt from the Ilurnn & Wntcrhouan
Miiiili". and Wnterscratch, ponsldnred by
n.any tho "dark horse." The h.-uvy con
dltlon of tho track inaUm It a very open
rnca, and npe<ulntlon In brink tin to tho
prnhaMe outcome,
Following ii m Hip entrlrii
First race— Hl« furlonm »o|||ng| lhree.year«
nlds, ¦'". '••
;::iir. iiirui-nrtn ,,,,|0n n.1l" t««mua] ',,.',,, ifjT
•MiH Mnntoya ,,,.,10? Mils I.iiiin iOT
limn Oreton l«T ' •••.... .iur
fr^nnd rsi-e- Futurity pour«e| aelllngi four.
jiiu-ni.iB and upward.
:i.1*T n«»p ,..,.,.,J0rt fltlfl Hilary ,,,,,,, HO
;t.in« Itivlftiia ,,., .lliti ,'I3.'U JdiiiHsry . ... .104
Brtii7 Uold liarfin,..Hu (,'ns;i)('haiiii|p , iij
(n.ir.it)p. Arf>till.»|d,.lt«t nsofi iWeitant J rt
0308 Leyal H 10K fiana I^avater . . ! ! ! ! lid
Third rae»—HlK furlengii aelllngi (h'ree*year*
old* ni-.i upward.
mm Major neeker.llfj fiSftT Bt. Anthony, ,11ft
CinODllaiiwiiM 101 <it;iM)l> t) flHH i ..... IN
as4f» f<Hlp Me .....llti .ritia r'uban Ulrt ..llo
8;jft» riarando in sain l^numd i . . . n«
™k teas 1 !:::;!}^ Mo^« 8 ••••• lai
rourth rae»»bii« mll« end a quarter! the
Callfofhla .Derby) thr*e*y*aNoldi.
(S.1V))BotnbH'ro . . . . . ] S3 («24<J)Jlngl«r .......114
mm corHV. l n ad .:::}2$ 1 *™"** m
Klfth race— One mile; telling; four-year-olda
end upward.
3.U0 Pormero ..w.lOfti M02 Oraylette .... 8f)
MSI Mission 1OU 3.165 Oeo. Dewer... f»0
1«5 U"* 1 ? J lol) «349 Hungarian ...10d
3251 n. del 6. JuanlttJl
Sixth race — Beven furlongs; eelllng; four
year-oldg and upward.
.;.. Algareta. 1OS](.T157) Wyoming ....103
8345 Impromptu ..100 3331 Duckoy lOtt
3351 Meehanus ....112 .
President, I'rofrssor O.iorgo tMvldsnn, Th.D.,
Be.IV, University of t.'a.Ufomla; vlr» preiiU
dent* — linn. Itnlph «'. Harrlmin, Huprema Court
of California; Hon. Irving M, Hcntt nnd c'nln
nel C'harleii It. Taylor; directors — 1'rofnnBot 1
(Jeorge Davidson, John Dolhaer, John I'ar
trlilgn, tlhnrlfM I.. Taylor, Hnrry Durhrnw, 11.
J, llowen, Henry I.und, Consul fur HweJi-n and
Norway) tnuuurer, Harry luirbrow; fun-inn
i'iin-i'H|iiiii.||iiK mimti'Ihi-v, Mitrh Hheldnn; bnnin
i'iil'ii'npiiliillni( »e..|i.t.|iv, Id, .J, Mnl.'.i; rui'iinl-
Ing (Mioretary, .tnim I'.uti i'in»; llhrarlan, 'I'. i<*.
'rr«iu>r. M.A, i iHiunpli-"*Hnn, iienmo i\ i'«r«
hliiH, tinii...t Htrti.-« Mfimtp; Mark HheMon,
AVIIllnm Hood, •', l«.l lion, luii'h «-'. HurrUon,
flanarnl Junin* V, Ilmigjttnn, (ton, Irving M.
Unit!, iliiHtrtv« Ntftuiiiiii, linn, William Alvnri),
llmiry J, t'roehfr, l^mebln J. Mulera, Charles
Nplnon, P. rte Veochl, M. ».
Tho Oeogrnphlrnl Sockty of the rnelflo
Jinn Inaurd in ntlmlrahie nnd comprehen
sive form Its "Translations nnd Proceed-
Ings." The paper* puMlfvhrd In tho ample
pamphlet uro of m most lnterestlnc char*
ucter nnd of KrrHt. educational value
Tho society in In touch with geographi
cal Hoolctlen throughout the world, nnd
Hh Information l« therefore of vast Im
portance. 1 Tho ofHcern nro:
I Pamphlet Form.
Transactions and Proceedings of Or-
ganization Are Published in
GEOGRAPHICAL SOCIETY
ISSlfES VALUABLE PAPERJi
AL.TURA8. Feb. 2S;— The question of
the preliminary examinations of E. 8.
Trowbrtdge, Orrln Trowbridge, Fred Rob
erts. Marry Roberta. Richard Nichols,
Claude Marcus, Joseph W. Leventon and
J. It. Myers, held In Jail here on rom«
plaint rtled by Mary Loren», charging
them with thn murder of Cnlvln Hall by
lynching at Lookout on May 31. last,
came up for hearing before Judge Har
rington, sitting aa a mngtatratc, this
morning. '"-'L* *j3;>< .
Assistant Attorney Orneral Tost, for
tho people, aak»d thnt tho easca be con
tinued until March 17.
John U. linker, ror the def«ms#. object
ed to such an order b*iln« mnde, on th«»
ground that tho court, by reason of lt»
fttlluro to comply with the law granting
a preliminary hearing within six days Af
ter arrest on January 10, lost Its Jurisdic
tion. Th« court, after hearing the objec
tions of Itakcr, mudo an order continuing
tho preltmlnnry *xctmtnntloni» nf the d«
lendunts named until Monday. March 17.
CASES ABE CONTINUED.
Eight Alleged Lynchers Will Be Ar
raigned on March. 17.
BRIG'S PLIGHT
AROUSES FEAR
Kid McKiuldon had the fight of his urn
with HpIiIit Welch, It wan deolared u
diaw. The pair of rmntnniH wont nt It in
the llrnt round, of whloh Welch had th«
luUtoi' of tho going, Th« nocnno round
w«a slower but wtm full of hnrd hitting.
Watch had thn Kid trimsslng Hnvi'inl
ttmna, In the third round tho Kid wn»
I ip HBKiHSHor, following Welch about th«
ring. The Kid wim wild In hi* delivery,
IIIUnIIIM IHIHiy MWlllKM,
Welch "cored heavily early In tho
fourth. In il»»< litflt inlmiio it wn« tt slug
ging mnteh, vMcfRddun fiiinnifd on the
vot'sn of trnlng out. but when the sung
signaled 'Uwnera" he wftlked off smlTlng.
In the fifth the Kid went to him knee on
the floor from a Jolty right on the head,
but he tlnlehed tho round Htrong,
Mffnddnit wan the nggreHsor In the
Hlxth, hli) ruggedneas enrrylng him
through in better ahapo than welch.
Welch had lost 'his Hitting power and
wtiH.wIld In hit* NwlngH.
The seventh whi» Mefadden's found. In
the eighth Welch puulohed the Kid a*,
verely, but at the bell the Kid caught him
with n, left to the head which emit htm to
his corner In distress.
Welch braced up In the ninth and had a.
decided' lend. He continued to do tho
better work In tho lust round. Refercd
Wand called it a draw, but many of the
spectators did not agree with him.
Dnve Hurry and Hnrry Kolcy fought tho
flrat preliminary, whlrh was scheduled to
go eight rounds. Harry administered tho
most punlnhcmnt In the first round. In
tho second Folpy took a decided lend. Tho
gong saved Hurry, lip enmo up wr-nk In
the, third, Foley tried for n right rro««,
which he (lnnlly limited on tho Jaw. Harry
went down like n log. Harry was nggroH
hIvk and gumo, hut Koley'a hody punches
rendered him hclplssn nnd In thn nnd he
provod an misy vliMlm. l'*nlt«y showed a
lack nf rluK tixperltinra,' but should de
velop Into a good boxer,
Foloy Knocko Out Harry.
H.-gnrty's ehln. Ju«t More the; bell tlrltl
landed his right on Uegnrty's Jaw nnd tho lat-
( ter nearlywent to the Moor. Tho ravlllon was
K n i.* n , u .^. lr ftna l ? e nght«sr« Old not hfcur tin
b«ll.,:»rut's ureonds wcrn no«rf«t,.ta him andj
they rushed Into th« rlqg.ntKl carried their man
»to hu corner. - v,;y ..''.'. ......
•¦Round 'ft—nrltt .was much steadier. In' the
sixth and HoKiirty showoda wholosome rcgnrd
for, his ¦ ' punching power. -\ . .When rirweadlnga
oprned Urltt wnt a Itft to. tho body nnd then
Jabbed ..with.. h|s left . to -the /ace. firltt fol
"lowtd nvlth a right tothe bo,1y ami llcgurty
Eifw v ?J*J l " lu " wn " » w l»Kl"K wildly «t llrltt
with botlvhundii, but nono of the blows landed.
llfKiirty ghot 1il« right ov#r to drop Krltt. but
the luttcr blocked tho blow. Urltt landed a
"ft in Dm body and took some Jabs In th« fdaa
In return. Hfgnrty sent hl» right to the body
but nilwcd an attempt at upp*rcuttlng.
Hound 7— The men npirred ut the opening of
the K-vrnth round, llrltt being the first to land
an effective blow. He jabbed llegarty n num
ber of tlmea with hla left and alao landed a left
fcwlnir for tha head, llegnrty Jabbed flrltt In
tho face, but ther» was no strength behind hU
blows, llrltt landed two on tho body and took
one In return. Junt before the round cloied
HfKitrty tried twice for an upperrut, but fulled.
Hound H— Urltt wna Inittrueted to cut looafl
In the eighth round by hi* aernnd*. and he fol
lowed Instructions to the letter, llegarty op«n
ed proueedlnita with a try for an uppereut, but
fulled, llrltt (hen mntle a play for hla body
With Illl lrft, AS WHS rxpei'leii llrgiirty low
i'I'mI hlM Kiiiit'd and.pxpniicd hli brad, Quick
as a ftnin iirlii sent bin right glove soi-om,
It liindod with n ithhIi nnd fairly lifted ilrgarty
off hi* feet, Hrltt win the picture of a fight
ing. machine nt. the time and followed up hta
ndvuntngn like a veteran. Ill* right «hot nut
huiiIii and ll.-Kiiriv dropped to thn floor,, de
feated, lie did not I'omo to for some time.
CRUELTY CHARGE
AGAINST AGUIRRE
Mi lift* HdvlhMin felt hn had llfKiirty on
Hi" down jfiuii", mt ilu-y ri'tiifd him un
Kllahliy for two mhiihIk, During the mln>
ute i"»t after thft seventh round they told
in it i !•• go In and end the affair, ll»
f,li«yi-fl tittj- limn iii'iImiim mill llegarty fell
h«n«iitjt th« whower of hlowa,
An hli friend and Hrtmlfep "Lofty" nan*
nr*n "Bym "Thn Rtn'Poeit from the eeuth
t>hin have Hi* 1 punch."
, There wan » Btrlklng oontrngt between
the two boxera. . llrltt, boylHh, rr^h>
faced ftii.i bublillng over with vitality,
prfeBented h different picture to Hpgnrty.
The latter, with his closely cropped, hair
and trAltied down' appttirttnee, «comed
old, although he Is but S7 years of age.
Hn wnn in suporb condition or he could
not have maintained the pace he net.
In calculating on the winner's chances
the fact was overlooked by many that ho
wan handicapped when he fought Irwln.
In Oakland the authorities Compel the use
of 8»ounce gloves, while here 6-ounce ones
are allowed. Brltt has small hands and'
noifnrty on the Down Orndo.
Hegarty was nil over llrltt In thn early
BtngCH of the fight, hut hn was not nblo
to land nn effective blow, try us he would.
The force he put In. his upporcuta was
startling. When he mlHttrd, which ho In
variably did, IiIm glovu went hlKh In the
air. Hrltt blookml many hlowH whtoh
seemed to reach home und tlliiplnyed clever
footwork in getting out of corncrn nnd in
avoiding wild nwlngH.
The turning point In the light came In
tha' fifth round, when If wan smtn Urltt
was a sure winner unless llegurty litndtid
same of his wild hwIiikh. < IivkmMmh und
Hp|.|pi- Kt.'lly saw lii-Kiirty would Niiroly
outpulnt nrlll, ho II wnn diMildort lo"cut
him lotiiart" In thn fifth nnd nmn tho flffoiM,
iirlli wiih told Ki'llv would hIiuiuI him
when there wan h hiuf mlniiin to ko, llo
did m and Krlt 1 1 tin' UhIiIit, ii ut tin iiuii'U
work of Mi unity, (tin linxor, Thn M>lig
saved iiiHiuiy, or dm light would lmv«
r>nded then nnd Iheris
The blow was ho hard that while the
defeated man's face was turned toward
tho floor of tho ring his feet wore point
ing toward the celling. The pavilion was
nearly cleared of npectators before ho
was able to leave the ring.
While the Australian Buffered 'defeat ho
proved one of the cleverest boxers over
seen here. He was In the best posstblo
condlUon and for four rounds his, skill
with the gloves and the Infinite variety
of. his movcmentH mndo Hrltt Buffer In
comparison. The amateur showed clenr
ly In all the lattcr's movements and tho
wonder of It Is ho did not no entirely to
pieces and provo easy prey for his op
ponent.
JIJ1MY BRITT proved himself, n
wonderful lighting .machlno last
ntghv nf Mechanics'. Pavilion, by
defeating Tlni;.l!eg«irty; the Au*«
, . ... .trajhui • ....UghtwclslU r .~champLpri.
cleverly. ¦ ¦¦. / ¦ •¦ ,. .' > •¦..•:¦*
The end enmo enrly In the eighth round
when Brltt. nftrr feinting with 1 , his loft,
drew Hegarty'lnto lowering 'his gunrd
and then sent his right- In tho,. Jaw.- The
first blow fairly] lifted Hrgarty*. Off his
fe.e.t and icni.hlm Imrli mvornl yardit.
Brltt wan 'its cool as'a veteran' and; stop
ping In quickly, sent hl» right across at
the Jaw ugaln. Hegarty went down with
out moving « muscle.
Hound 1— At thq Up of the gong that miH
the in«n together HcR/oty was «t oncft the
HKKrfnnor. Up oomnii«nc«<<t hln wonderful Mnt
ln« nnd let fly blow after blow nt Urltt. Huc
iirty landed o right to tho body. Tho blow
w«« sn eitoetlvo nn».- llrltt tried . with lilt
right, but It full iliort. UfxHrty trUn] a rliiht
•wing for thn head, but missed. They ellnuhcd,
snil for a time ihern wns Homo fWe« Inflght*
Ing. Hegsrty Jnbbed with IiIh right to tho
face. Hrlu csme buck with his left to the
body and followed llegnrty around the rlnn.
llegarty mlimed another flerco right for the
IipmiI, llrltt Hi'TpitiR out or dnns-*r. Mi lit whb
wild In hi* lend* mill »howeU hli lack of ex*
perlence. Near [\\i> end of tha round both
ntumblrtd anil fell to Ihe floor.
Hound a—IUgnrty jahtwd with his left snrt
followed with right to tho body. They mixed
mntters In the mldrtl« of tho ring. exchUnicliiK
•omo hard blow*. HtKurty mlwifd un ii|it>«r
rut and then nont u lUlit left to thn fnoe. llo
mlHhfii u right and U-tt, iiiIii'h c|«\«ir foot
worK nnvliig him. lie««ny was forcing th«
pseo, which wng trfmendnuily <t*m, They
nxchanged iIkIiih to tho body, liiiti sent a
Imrrt right to the body. Near tho end of the
round llegnrty tried hi* bent to limit a right
iiomh, making .Reverul ntteiiiiitH,
Hound fl— Tim imeo wim much Blower In this
round anil rav« llrltt an oniKirtunlty to ntcnrty
lilmn.ir. i'revlouMly b« had been at ii tan'
Kinn, inii In IhU round he relaxed Ami «¦ «i
remit ffM moro nntur«l In IiIh inovmnuniii,
MiHNiiy tent h left to tho hody am] followed
It with a light, llrltt tried with, n left m<\
*tmI Omen, but It 'went wide nf tint mark,
I itKii 1 1 v MiUxml another of imh wild HttemptN
at an* u|i|i«rout, llrltt blocked u hnrd right
In the iiu.ly. and took one near the end of th«
ruunrt,
Uound 4«-When th» men came iip fur the
fourth, rouna (hoy ninummt nn eknMB»rnierl
HiMh'iiinx pnnlllnn for Ktnnn nigmentn, Hbk.hiv
I'luiinitMH-ml III* fuel fe|nt|n| umiiIii, but itilll
bm ml III Mini vant A linnl left to the head,
following It with a left to th« bmiy, lleuntiy
asaln tried fer his u^pereut and failed, They
tilinuhPd oikI no aooner Imtl they brtiknn away
than llegarty again trlmt i»n - uppemut, but
fnll'ii hh bffiirc ll"Bnti,v plmiini n liMt.1 i lain
on the hedy, liut UrlU wbb going nwny ftiitl
th^re wai no damage, They were elliii'heti'Ht
the round ended. ' , :
Hound B=-UHU changed hli tactics at the
nutfRenilon of "Spider" Kelly and Aleo Urea-
KttTnt In this round nnd the gong Raved Hew
arty. When the round opened lirltt uoinnienetid
jahblng and landed tome efTeetlve tilowt, ltea>
arty returned the eembllment by Jabbing Ural's
noim, whlfih had loet some of Its outer ikln.
Urltt landed a heavy left to the body whluh
shook up Megarty noticeably. Hegarty came
back, jabbing for the noke. llrltt sent a left
to tho body and took a. hard right In return.
A* i the end Of the round approached Urltt
abandoned boxing tactics and made a "rough
house" of It, He worked llegarty Into a cor
ner and tried hard for a knockout. .He shot his
right over at terrific speed and just mleeed
«'tho. heavier' gloves « tbok from him much
of his punishing power.. '. • ; , .. .
•The gnto na-flptB lust night." w'ern HS63.
Of thle'the'flKhtws r*ct>lvod,,J23d0. nrttt's
•share wbs.$17k> «7 andllcnurty.'h ?dO 13. v.'
* -Ufltt .hn«'dls|>li»y«Ti n Breat- dwulVt hard;
commrxiii«riso v ln' his brief exijorlonce ¦ nu
•a:i)rofc)iHlonar.hoxer.: After his first fight'
hotook nil' hln money and gave; ttiliHo*
Iho keojilng- of .'hi*- mother. Last night he
did. tho nnmo mid In now In a ,way»' to
fulfill a long Phorlshod wish of prcHontlng
hln father and mother with n liomo of
tholr own. ¦ WT' '. •'•,,' ' • •
Hrltt's friends' .aro nnxlous for him to
tnkp oh some of the matbhos which are
(iffirod him hero with men- like Hcrrera,
O'nrlon, Rufo Turner and others. With
each, successive light ho v;lll learn tho
tricks of the ring and will become harder
und hnrclor to defeat.
"A match woll mudo Is half won." Tho
next two lights of the new Idol will bo
the critical ones In his curocr. The light
by rounds:
IUNGOOICRS^FROM FAR AND NEAi^VHOM'.'CARICATimiST AVARRJSN CAUGHT IN CHARACTEruflTtr- ATTI
TUDKS D'URINOTHK PROGRESS bF TH1? SENSATIONAL FlGHlVlN'MEtHANICS 1 PAVILION l/\BT NIGHT
BETWEEN JIMMY BRITT AND TIM WEaAilTY.'THE AUSTRALIAN ' LldllTWUlOHT CHAMPION >
of the County* Governments
1 Act Unconstitutional.' ¦ '
In lino with Its decision annulling. tho
codis, the Supreme Court yesterday.de
clnred Invalid certain provisions In 1 the
county Eovcrnmentact. „ .. . . '¦•
A. Pratt, offlclal reporter of I, the Ru
pcrlor Court of Ventura County,' brought
suit to compel A. W. Drowne.v. County
Auditor, to audit his silary warmntHfor
tho months from Janunry, 1900^ to-, ftfttrch.
1901, ln«;lu»lve, under «.' section of tno.ttct
which llxwi tho snlarlcs -of 'County rtlMcvrs^
The soctlon, provides that In ; -counties of
the third class tho omclal reporter shall
receive a sulary of 1100 per month.
Tho Auditor claimed thnt tho provision
was unconstitutional In that the. subject
was not oppressed In . tho title, and sec
ondly that such legislation was special
and local. ,,. .
The codes were dcclnrcd Invalid be
cause the subjects of the various laws
wero'not expressed In their titles and tho
ttamo course of reasoning Is applied to the
CH5O at bur. In considering the second
elulm, the court admits tho power of the
Legislature to classify counties for thn
purpose of regulating tho compensations
of olTlcers. An ofndul reporter Is held,
however, not to be an ofllccr primarily.
Tho law In specifying the clnss of- tho
county Is hold to make tho provision local
and special.
Tho court therefore sustains the Auditor
In his refusal to audit Pratt's warrants.
Pratt loses tho amount of his claim,
which Is for flGOft.
Supreme Tribunal Holds ; Provision*
COURT REPORTER LOSES
MANY MONTHS' SALARY:
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Feb. 23.-
The Intercollegiate, track meot between
Btanford and California will be held on
the Stanford ovabon April W, This de
cision haa been arrived at' by Manager
Ewa Decoto of California and Treasurer
Harry Kdwurda of Btanford, after care
fully weluhlna tho merltn ot Tanforan
and the c«nunia, . ' ..•
Uftd weather and muddy traeK and dla'
mond have kept the runnera and ball
tnaaeid ludoora for \\\»' greater part of
the pant fortnight, eo that little Rdv»np«
ha« Wn made in form, .The b*»eball
nln« will play U* Hfth»BreHmlnary gam«
to»morrow, providing the weather p«r»
mttn, ttfter inlnnin»-Hx sehpdviieti raiiivh
bpt'fttiee of muddy greuntl^. To-morrow «
Krtiuft will ba.wllh the Alumni nln©=the
fepi'nml plttye»l 'With that "¦ttHgrrgfttlonthi*
meatiyn. iii tbe previous. gam« the, >ttr»
tthy defeated the team of ola eolleBe
limyer* by theecofn of 4. to 6.,»;.,
Tiw AUimnl will line up, to-morrow fts
.follow*, llitmrnfind, , etttchiTi- MouWntRn,
pltchc-rj Bykpf*, ttrst bm*e: MdWAms, /ec*
olid btt*§i MeCftbe, thlinl brt^i- Hamilton,
fchortstopj Morse, left field j Hong.-eonter
flnlil; l.nn;\«;»n. rlpht field. For the Vnr»
slty, l'nrker nnd MrFarlnnd will be tried
In the box ami MoUllvmy will «b &% tho'
receiving end of tho battery. Tho other
position* wtll he filled as follows: First
base, Hlukf; aucnnd base, I'mvilmi; third
tmsp, Drawn t- shortstop, Crawford; left
field, Ixiwrnthnl; center Held. Crpp;. right
Held, Knight. .
Universities 'Will Compete on
April 10.
Athletes of California's Two Great
TRACK TEAMS TO MEET
'$&* ON THE STANFOBD OVAL
, Attorney General Scores Jury
Bpeaklna: of Urown's 1 ncqulttal nnd his
own plans, the Attorney Uenernl said:
r conftu thnt I had «ipect»tt a (Ilfftrtnt rt-
t sult. '•• Th» proof of Riilit was abHulutn mil
«'>t an .xtiMui.ii iumt fli. 'uiii-ir. in. ¦•¦ was thowu,
Th.< nimo was not only without Ju-uin. i»!..n.
but *if« rnwunlly In Its conc«ptlou and inut.ii
In Us ixscutloh.
, The'ln<tUputKbl<« proof of til this w»» fully
an.l fairly l.il.l hvfur* th« Jury and abljr pro
x.-ntnl In -nmum.-nt Jiy AtxHi.uit Atlnrnvy
drnonvt fost Dvputy Attorney tteneral 8tur
tnvknr rtii.i DUtrlct Attorney : Doyd of LAtsen
County. "'As District Attonyhy and Attorney
« iviif nil . 1 hav« • sc«n «oraathlni( of criminal
trials and f »ln«d iom« r.uutii.irit v with crlm*
Irrnl procfioJlnRa. anil I "am frto to nay thnt t
hum no recollection of a .criminal cane wh«r«
tin- proof of guilt «n« rintiri r than In the onn
jM*t trl<>il Ht'.AUunts. Why thn Jury U«cHn«Hi
to: b« 'guided by th*'«vlfl*neo' I do not euro,
ut this time, .tw evi>n conjflotur*.
Renpoctlntc tin- future 1 would pr«f«r to nay
little Rt thl« fin!". 1 COUld ll.it iMfnly dtnolnlit
thn pl.iiM nf 'th« rir.mui-utlini ta thn ripfvna*.
nnrt, furth#rnirtr«i, t-am awnltlnff th« roturn of
.tu.lK.' 1'i.Mt from Alturan brfora doflnltoly lay*
Irur iluwn n plan of actlnn.
I rtallio keenly th« itirnculttts of tho attu
niiiui iin.l tho ohMta'clcM that llo along th« path
of th« pro»«<cuUon. t al«t> r«atUn that th«»
i>.<;u> anil wolfuro nf CallfarnU ar« at itaki*.
and that.nnthlng ahould' b« left umlnnn that
may t>« lawfully <lnn* to »v«ni« tho <tamnahl»
and cowardly dp*d ¦•» lightly . trtaUU by a>
sworn Jury of Modoo County.
Tho most puiillng feature of tha situ
ation la the scarcity of available Jurors.
There are about ttuo men In tho county
available for jury acrWoe, und not more
than SOU of these were originally vllglblo
to serve In thestu rusea, Ut theau 100 wera
culled In tho venires m-ouaaary to got iho
tlrat Jury of twelve. I'mtmhly the re
maining 200 will nut give rnoru thun ona
more Jury. An there are twenty defend*
a ii to and each ooulil be tried on tu.<
charges of murder-^ possible hundred
til.tU - It can readily be «nen how hopeleaa
tilt. situation til, >'a|H i 'Lilly <n |he nifi
jnidfliuie jury reuiivlnlna would be juat «*
r.'ltt.'i.iut ty convict wa was tho u\\# Juat
discharged, na matter huW eomyleia the
evidence.
There la na way by whleh a ehangs et
\>M»iln cm b@ HtKUII'eil ti> tttfc* ll>.» . i ...
into nnuther emmtyer to *peur« jurmn
(win another bounty, Aiuirtreiuly \thft
lynrhpr* ar^ in .» fair way to «>*t'«ye puu»
Win»«?nt, pUhpr fron* the pynumthy of th«
Cuunty I>«»<t|il0 or the fp«r of jurur*
that tUe fripmfs and relnuvra of the d«>»
loml.uit^ Will !'(¦ nine ,\ little :»ii\ty »>C
'«tv>?ngerirlf-Oi»nvlotions «re Becui'edi
Atornny -U^nernl l<\mV maIiI l(t»t night
that WDilA.thn Mtidoo County fundu were
Utnpnrarily exhausted; taxes woutd i>»
c^tntng In soon and no far an thnt phnsn
of the cuno was concerned It need not
hiinuH r tho enda of Justice and probably
would, not.
The prosecution In the Alturna lynching
caao la confronted tiy a situation that la
discounting and almost hoik'lrss, but
Attorney General Ford and hlM assistants
aro determined that nothing shall be left
undono to bring tho Modoc lawbreaker*
to Justice. For tho present tho caao Is at
a si.nnlM m. itrown, acquitted by tho Jury
of the charge of thn murder of young
Martin Wilson, Is to be placed on trial
March 17 for the murder, of Calvin Hall.
Assistant Attorney (]on«\ral Post will
come down to San Francisco about next
Tuesday and after a conference with him
tho Attorney General will decide upon a
line of action In tho further prosecution
of the defendants.
BUTTE, Mont., Feb. •».— The Montana
Jockey Club directors Uast night decided
upon the number, of purses nnd stakes
to be run In tho coming meeting.
The opening day will bo tintuntay, Juno
31, and tho meeting, will. continue at least
forty days. .
The uvent of tho meetlnfr will be tho
Montana Derby, which will carry a purse
of $1600 and will bo run on tho opening
Attorney General Determined
to Bring Lawbreakers
to Justice
Opening 'Day of tho Rncos
'"^' Will * Sed the : Nbtablo
Event/; •"
Prosecution Confronted
by Situation Almost
Hopeless.
* rectora "Complete
Trogrdmme.
¦ " i * ,, v *-9 | iN0jpUHUpj0vBI
Montana Jockey Club Di-
GREAT DERBY
IS SCHEDULED
MODOC LYNCHERS
SCENT IMMUNITY
JIMMIE BRITT, THE NEW FIGHTING DEFEATS HEGARTY
FARNDON FERRY
THE CUP WINNER
MURPHY WILL
GO TO COLUMBIA
To Train the Baseball
Team of the Eastern
University.; '
Pawcett's "i Greyhound
Captures Liverpool ,
Stake.
Deciding Course in the Big
Annual Event in England
Is Run Offi
Stanford's Former Football
and Track Coach ip a
New Field.
NEW "VOIUS, Feb. Sl-Columbla's base
bail team has engaged us coach William
11. Murphy, for the last three years foot,
ball, baseball and track concii at Inland
btanford Jr. Lnlverslty, Calltornla.
.LIVEKroOIi. Feb. 2S.—Tho dtel«lng
course of the annual Liverpool. Cup stake
vas run off this morning and resulted In
a victory {or O. .A. Fawcetl 1 *. Inlmilo
KreyhounO.'Farndon Ferry, by Fiery Fur»
imie-FlorcnCi 1 .
Vancouver Bids for the Fight.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Feb. 28.—Twenty
flvo local business men aro forming a
club to make a bid for tho Jorrrles-KUz
elmmons Oght. A purso of $25,000, of
which $12,000 was subscribed within an
ho,ur, to-day will be offered.
INTERCOLLEGIATE FIELD
DAY AT STANFORD
BERKELEY. Feb. 2S.-The Intercol
legiate field day will be held ut 8tanfor<J
on April 19 Instead of at Tanforan. as
originally contemplated. This morning
graduate Manager 12. W. Decoto received
a telephone message from Hurry Ed
wards, the Stanford manager, askltiR that
the Held day be held at Palo- Alto, to
which l>ecolo readily agreed. I«u*t year
the games were held at Uerkeley and
naturully should B9 to Pulo Alto thin
year, but the managers thought tit first
It would be better for all concerned to
hold the meet at Tanforan.
Beitz Signs With Spokane.
SPOKANE, ' Feb. SS.-Hemry Rein, the
baseball player who led all the second
basemen of the National League la 1898,
haa signed with the Hpokune team.
RESULTS OF FRIDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK.
THE O-AJLilLi'e R,.A.ai3SrO FORM OHART
OAICLAND^XlACETRAOX^FridH)', F«J». jW\Veaih«r fin?, Track heavy,
yi ( .f*L'— J^JJ^3Li^J!Jl!^^ l ". > JliLjy."ggLi ft>ur-mr«eliU aint up; to nrnt 1.183, > >
THE SA^iFRANeiSCO CALL, SATURDAY,) MARCH 1^ 1902.
Man From Far-Aw^ Antipodes Proves s a Marvelous Boxer/But
h^K§ : -i the GUifoi^ • '.'
-*- ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦! "I I ' I " " '.'*'' * ,
KN0CKS OUT THE AUSTRALIAN
CLEVERLY EARLY IN EIGHTH ROUND
9
ABVEKTISEMBNTB. ¦ _ _
HeZ%"Mmd inTHealthy Body
Stomach And brain afreet each other. A sick stomach sours tho diapositloa
and prevents steep and brain rest, and a sick brain sours tho stomach and clogs
tho bowels. Men. of sedentary habits, , brain workers who don't get much
exercise, have sick stomachs and bowels, and wear out, their brains and nerves.
"J *ntk In thg offle* and don't *«» •* tnneh e««telst» a< 1 •hoatd,
*Jf and when I ffjl b».| fju«» mk* i»r«..iiir-t. whloh always nmkai tun f*nl
fij alright."— J. E. Rohan, y. A O. Route, t'r»iwnl, Ky. "*"*" •"• »""•
Mxt^S^mSf»^ a'A *'l .liAd ¦ • torpid IWef tat mnntht. I bought • bo« of CM(?»fet# tn
f,7' r r waahlnirton and h»T# no» only bc«n put In parfeci TiMlth, but hafa
lit >V> 1 «a'neJ considerable la w«lgU6."-H»rry Ilodgion, Kockt llle, Ml.
Cfl \ iC*r ~\\ "Cascarcti wers th« only modleinn I had with tnt whin 1 beat th4
,V1 |if»» \ 23 r j (1 1 recoH at "Champion Corn Huslter of America," naaklni
\Tij\>N|. _> \ JTObuiheUln 10 hours."— E. B. Klmberiln, £• Harpe. 111. "
j. \fSy3t 77 1 \ "Cucareta enred ms radically of dyapeptt* an4
,0*ri -Jm^vP I \w headache and my welarht whlrh before wm 120 la Bow
I f |^T» \»£r J I 30 lb»."— S. N»»»rro, Blloxl, bin.
/ M 7 JK "Some time in, while I »n In Mmewbnrf . Pe.. Mr.
I W ISfijA / '// Frock, the landlord, was afflicted with nevert r»In«
if jr / If In ths itonach. I ln»l.U9<l npon his taking a Cabaret
•m / J <-Q—t ' I before ealng to bed and next mornlnj he pasted 6 In.
I /ir '^^ ~Jr \ I -ot • tape-worm. He bought » box of Caacareta and a
' 1' * 1- r v .^^v //v 1 taje-wona 45 fee* long came from him hnwt and all."
I if 1 .^^ -iW/ :^\ - v V -Chae. E. Condon. Mlffltaburg. Pa.
I I 1 '# -^ J rj*i \&/f&&\ WBx "L* 11 ! 1 Cateareta braeflclal after a epell of hard
I I \f fi^ lQX&/-'-<*t& J *rork. elnnrinc th« brain u well ax th» bowels. »nd
I t II. 1 \ \TO^>\ji>ZK ¦ s0 -.m ala» working off colda in tood shape."
J P Tl JliX^^J^^ ' 1 -E. C. Stokes, Philadelphia. Pa.
Ml M B Wk^S V *'I wm troubled for yean with indlgettlon.
I / V ,/M \^> \' - V < l n9 b , OU|:ht • Mc l)o « of C«icaret«, and
III JXg Y*"*' V- auH, » thank the Lord that I did. I folt better tha
1 ' \ tfc. . >^^~- M eeeond day. Any itomach trouble will be
% I A5% cnreil by Ca.icart'ts."
%v • ¦ 3 /v^X ¦ - ( — D. H. Haughowont. Brakeraan. Frisco Lln»,
' V*.'Vw_i>^ \tA - *• 1U7 Weihiniftoii Ave., bt. LoulJ.
\ . "C*»earet« relteyed me of Itching pile* and
Vi\ 'j \n Inmha^o which havobron atai'-tlnt: d« annn'jily
2^S^v»; at thU time of tho year. Threo ch«r» fj»
' * — U. W. IllllUrd, 1217 Alard St., IndUnapolli.
A man who keeps his bowels regular with Cascarets Candy Cathartic, that is
without strain or violence, can keep strong and healthy without much exercise
A famous professor in Jefferson Medical Collego used to advise his students:
"Trust In God and keep your bowels open!" That's God's own wisdom, fo?
when tho bowels are regular and tho digestion strong and healthy, then tho sys-
tem is safe and tho brain and nerves will have inexhaustible elasticity and life.
/RrtiV/VB.'oiTV 5«"t for th« Bowjla. Atrdrantsts, toc.a3a.30e. Never aold in bulk.
lVV«#V^VVCVtf Th * C«nuln« tablet atamrx-4 CCC. Quttrantaed to euro o- you#
1 uisai^ money b*cW. Sample an4 booklet free. Aitdreae
Burling Rtmtd/ Company, Chicago «r N«w Yorlu mSOCIETY YOUNG WOMAN WHO
IS, HOME AGAIN FROM THE
EAST. p /;- > -
THREE LEADING SCOTTISH RITE MASONS WHO HAVE BEEN ELECTED BY THEIR FELLOW-MEMBERS OF
YERBA BUENA LODGE OF PERFECTION TO PRESIDE OVER THE DESTINIES OF THAT ORGANIZATION
FOR THE ENSUING TWELVE MONTHS.
:SACRAMENTO,\ Feb. C28.-The; Southern
Pacific Railroad Company. is planning the
erection of an immense passenger* depot
of stone in this city within the - coming
year. , . .
New Depot for Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 28.-Abbie . Chap
pie, a girl 12 years of age. died in the
County HoEpital this . morning from the
effects of burns received last Wednesday.
She was standing before an open grate,
when her clothing caught fire.
Girl's Burns Prove Fatal.
KALAMAZOO, Mich., Feb. 28.— F. F.'
Russell, a' member of the "A Runaway
Girl" company, who was injured, in V a
wreck on the Grand Rapids and Indian
Railroad last week, and. who was brougiit
to a hospital here, died to-day from his
injuries.
Actor Dies ' From His Injuries.
Death of James W. Shanklin.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 ' Broadway, • Feb.' , 28. '
James W.Shanklln, one of 'the most re
spected of the citizens of Oakland , and a
inan^who was a power in State politics
during the campaign for the new consti
tution, died at. his. home, 1009 . Madison
street,, to-day at the advanced age * of 78
years. Asthma and. a . congestive chill
were the cause of death.
BUTTE, Mont.,; Feb. ZS.-A special to
the Miner from Red Lodge says that' the'
jury early this morning found Andrew
Bllant guilty of murder In the second de
gree. Milant was tried for 'the 'killing of
Dave Davidson on last ' Thanksgiving
night. Davidson was waylaid and his
brains were beaten out with I a ' hammer
Bllant gained considerable notoriety re
cently by atemptlng to starve himself to
death rather than stand trial.'
Prisoner Is Guilty of Murder.
Victor Moreci. an Italian, living at 43!)
Sixth street, committed suicide at ¦ an
early hour this morning by ' blowlng > out
his brains. Moreci was An bed . when . he
ended his life. His wife was, lying next
to him and his two children were sleep
ing at the foot of the bed. when he shot
himself. ; "
The suicide, was 36 years.- of. age. He at
one time conducted an oystef.v house at
Minna and Second streets.- He. was out of
employment. He frequently complained
of illness. His . parents .: reside with his
brother, who conducts a fruits store at
432 Slxth> s,treet. .- . • • .¦ - .
i .The body was taken to 'the* Morgue. Tho
police : will investigate the case. .
Bed With His Wife-and
Babies. :.
ENDS HIS LIFE IN ,;;/;. '"
A STARTLING; MANNER
Victor Moreci Kills' Himself- While in
BERLIN. Feb. 28.— At to-day's session
of the tariff committee of the Reichstag
the Government proposed to make ' the'
duty on maize 4 marks per 1000 kilograms
lnsU.fid of 2 marks, the present duty; Tho
committee, eventually adopted a duty of
5 marks per 1000 kilograms on 'maize. The
duty on millet was. also fixed at S marks
pcr J ,^ k J!? Krams ' A d «ty »f IV* marks
per 1000 kilograms, as proposed by the
Government,, on other grains not spccill
cully mentioned, wan agreed to. . i
Germany's Duty on Maize.
BAN JOSE, Feb. 2S.— Stockholders of
the defunct Union Savings ' Bank will
have to pay the !G0 a share assessment
levied by the board of directors to liqui
date the indebtedness of the institution
to depositors. This joyVu! news for the
:*W depositors came this afternoon in a
telegram to Attorney E. M. Rea, counsel
for the bank, from the clerk of the Su
preme Court, announcing that the ,court
had sustained the judgment awarded the
bank here in a euit against George T.
Dunlap, one of the directors, to collect
the asuespment levied. . Uunlap contest*
<A the aBSfssment on the ground that the
directors had no power to levy it.
Thft directors of the bank ilrst levied
an aKsosment of $10 a xhare. and later
one of &> a share. Quite a number of
Hockholder* paid the (irst assessment,
but on the necond/ there ha« been a gen
eral flunk, not over a half-dozen men
coming up with t!ie money.
By to-day's decision those with money
or property will be unable to avoid the
a*sexi»ment. If the whole amount could
be collected. $600,000 would be turned into
the bank's coffers. Many of the stock
holders have put everything out of their
name, and not more than $20U,000 will be
icalized from the assessment. This is
the only asset of the bank now remain
ing. The bank has paid out a dividend of
forty cents on the dollar, and the »uinc
depositors have recovered 40 per cent on
euits against stockholders, .making 80 per
cent in all. With this $250,000 divided Into
dividends the suing stockholders will
have received every dollar of their de
posits, and the others between 75 and SO
per cent. -
Epedal Diipetcn to The Call.
Mrs. Lindblom claims that her hus
band is worth more than $8,000,000. She
wants a receiver, appointed • to take
charge of the property /and will ask the
court to give her half of It, with the cus
tody of their two children.
The trial of the case will develop some
lively stories of -how Lindblom used- .to
spend $2000 on a little "time" with some
of his friends, and then take his wife out
to a dinner consisting of. a plate of soup.
Money has brought its troubles as well
as its joys to the family of Eric O. Lind
blom, the Cape Nome millionaire, who
now lives in Berkeley. Mrs. Mary Ann
Lindblom, his wife, filed a suit to-day for
divorce, making many • startling 'allega
tions. In her complaint Mrs. Lindblom
says that since her husband acquired his
wealth he has been consumed with' a de
sire to pull 'her hair put by the roots, that
he has threatened to shoot her head off,
and that on one occasion he forcibly re
moved a handful. of h*r tresses and she'
was compelled to go to the Fabiola Hos
pital' for' treatment. '. Incidentally Mrs.
Lindblom eays.that the flrey Eric is too
fond of the company .of others, who arc
now willing to share. his. fortune, but who
did not share his misfortunes in the early
days. To this the wife of his sorrows
objects in the day of his joys, and' she
specifies many occasions when her Viking
husband was found away from home in
the society of others than herself. For
all this Mrs. Lindblom asks a divorce and
a division of the fortune of the Capo
Nome magnate, all of which she says is
community property.
Eric O. .Lindbiom was formerly a hum
ble tailor in Oaklend. He was in hard
luck .and borrowed enough to go north
during the gold excitement. He was
fortunate enough to be among the flrat
to arrive at Cape Nome, and there he se
cured many valuable claims. He in now
reputed to be a millionaire several times
over. • • ¦ , " ¦ •
Mrs. Lindblom left the family residence
at 2601 Hlllegass avenue. Berkeley, this
afternoon, for the reason, she says, that
she fears her husband will do her bodily
.injury. She Is stopping with friends In
this city. Lindblom, with his son, is In
San Francisco. ' "¦
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Feb. 2S.
MANILA, Feb. 20.— The United States
Philippine Commission has ordered • that
medals of honor be.bestowed* on Inspector
Knauber and two other members of the
Filipino constabulary. .
The three men were going from Cavite
to Magallens, . in Cavite Province, ( when
they were attacked by eight members of
Ramos' band. Knauber telegraphed' that
he and his companions killed, the eight
insurgents and captured two - Mauser
rifles, one Remington , rifle, one revolver
and three. bolos.
Two hundred uniformed bolomcn In the
island of Samar recently attacked a scout-
Ing party of friendly natives and a de
tachment of the *Mrat Infantry. Eighty
of the bolomen were killed, and one of
the friendly natives was severely boloed.
The Santa Cruz bridge, which has been
In course of construction for over a year,
will be opened with great- ceremony on
March 1.
The United States armored cruiser
Brooklyn will sail for home March 1./
Wife of Nome Million
aire Commences Suit
»for Divorce.
Members of Filipino
, Constabulary to Be
Rewarded.
GAIN MEDALS
FOR COURAGE
Ffre Chief Sullivan was" called to the
stand at the opening of the morning ses
sion and testlited that the Spring.Val
ley Water Company had persistently, < re
fused to Install new hydrants pending tho
determination of Its suit. The number of
lire hydrants In uso Is 3771. and 500 more
are needed to Insure adequate/lire protec
tion. The cost of hydrants Is $80 and, tho
expense Is met by the city.' ¦ '
1 J. ;\V. McCarthy, secretury of ' the ' Fire
Commission, said that tho company .was
tequestpd to put In 49S hydrants last year,
but none were supplied;. .All letters of
the witness to the water company relative
to the installation of hydrants were Ig
nored. - .'-••, • ,
. Engineer Schussler, on taking the stand,
paid tho company refused to put In hy
drants unless ¦•' adequate' compensation
wero ' allowed. Then, speaking. of water
mains, Schusaler said - that tlvo - and a
quarter, miles of additional mains were 1
laid' for the ratepayers, but not for the
tire service. ' ', . •
. "What wlll.be needed for an adequate
fire protection this year?" Inquired Braun
hart. ¦ • •¦•¦... ' •:¦ • ¦•¦.-¦
"I don't. know," was the-reply.'
"If you were allowed 5-per cent Inter
est on $500,000 for new mains would that
be satisfactory?" . ' ,.¦
"No, sir. We have to care for the needs
of cltle3 in outside counties,, -\nd we need
the interest on all our properties as well
as on the. extension or our -distributing
system." ' . ¦ . ...
"We • want more . hydrants," persisted
Braunhart. /;'.••- ..
."Give us a fair rate, remarked Attor
ney Kellogg.' "and we will cover 'you up
with hydrants." • ,
Schussler remarked that the city had
never done Its duty to .' the - water com
pany, • that corporation being one of the
heaviest taxpayers. The company spent
$2,000,000 In enlarging its mains and proper
interest for that outlay was, not allowed.
.Later iSchus3ler announced that' he had
Refused to Set Hydrants.
The ¦ Board of Supervisors ] failed ! to
agree on the ordinance fixing water rates
at their meeting last night,', and
it is .certain that the report of the water
committee, which* was presented at mid
night, will be passed to print' by ;the
board next Monday, there 'is a minority
of six who will oppose it with vehemence.
When the" board convened Chairman
Connor of the water 'committee' was
asked if he had a report to offer. He re
plied in the negative and added that
Comte would file a report. This' the lat
ter did, the document . bearing Boxton's
name besides his own. Connor, declined to
concur In the report.
, According to the^ majority report the
value of the water 'company's property is
placed at $25,70U,7UO, and allowing rtve per
cent interest . on tnis sum the- income
would reach $l,ja>!),53ti 14. .The sum- of
Mtrt.OvO was allowed for ' ex
penses and $210,755 tor taxes,' making a
total revenue or *l,9tf7.201 14.
The report recommended'that.the.cur
rent domestic rates be maintained with
out change, and that $12v,00U, be'pald tor
tire hydrants at the rate . of ' $2 50 • per
hydrant. This virtually increases the
revenue of the water- company," --as' the
sum allowed for hydrants", last/ year was
180,000. . ¦ ¦;•:• ~ .. : •
tjrandcnsteln moved that.the:consider
ation of tne report be deferred'Untlt Mon
aay next. As it was evident the; minority
wanted lime in which to make- its- case,
the matter went over without action. until
the date mentioned.. ; - .-- • '•
, While in caucus the minority, consist
ing of Messrs. Braunhart, Curtis, Wynn,
Loughery and Booth, insisted upon a 5
per cent reduction of domestic rates, to
consumers and a further reduction of the
rate of (2 CO a month for hydrants to $2
a month. These matters coming to a
vote were lost, there belng'a majority. of
eleven in faVor-of the reportas present
ed by Comte. These are Alpers, . Bent,
Brandenstein, Comte, 1/Ancona, .Eggers,
Lynch, McC'lellan, .favot, Sanderson and
Wilson. ',<•¦¦¦¦¦<- ¦*, ¦ • • •
It . waa dealing honestly with the peo
ple and municipal authorities, and was
therefore entitled to fair treatment at
the hands of the board. In fixing a Ju.u
valuation upon the . company's property
care should be taken to lnqulro what
corresponding property 'cfswhert" Is value i
at. All of the property of Spring Valley
had been acquired . from individual own
ers, but the fact that these propcrttra
were unified did not imply that the values
•of the individual holdings were lessened
on that account. On the contrary they
increased materially. For the reasons
given In his testimony Schussler ask. U
that no reduction of rate* be made.
Attorney Kellogg asked that the sched
ule of 1900 be allowed, with tho exception
that the hydrant rate be fixed at J5. Even
with .this the dividends of the company
will bo Insufficient. Capital has the right
to demand more than -a per cent Interest
on its Investments. Were this Increase
allowed it would mean little to the people
but much, to the company. It wouid in
crease the people's bills 36 cents a year,
and give the company an opportunity of
bettering Its service fully 50 per cent.' The
people of San Francisco were satisfied
with the water service, and no one ever
complained of excessive charges. To re
duce the revenue of the company la sim
ply to impair the efficiency of the ser
vice. The consumers did not ask it, then
why do it? All the company wanted was
a legitimate Incbme on Its Investment. By.
raisins the hydrant rate, which can harm
Deals Honestly With People.
"We have not," replied' Attorney Kel
logg. ."I .would earnestly request the
board to • rescind that part of its resolu
tion, as the contract has absolutely noth
ing to do with this inquiry."
The matter was not "pressed and the In
quiry was resumed. Schussler presented
three- analyses of water furnished by Pro
fessor Hilgard. These showed that the
water was good. Tests of the Alameda
Creek' water, made by Professor Mauser,
tended to show that it contained no dis
ease germs.
Braunhart said there was no question
In his mind that the water supplied to
this' community was as pure as can be
furnished.
Schussler went on to say that the Im
pression* prevails in the East that the
people cf San Francisco are being slowly
poisoned by water supplied by the Spring
Valley Water Company. In order that
the people might learn the truth he filed
the analyses alluded, to. Then, on being
asked to make a final statement to the
board, he said hl« company owned an ex
cellent system, which was operated on
practical lines. . .
City Engineer Grunsky .was called and
explained at length his appraisement of
the Spring Valley Company's properties.
He informed the board that he was un
able to appraise the properties of the Sub
urban Water Company.
Russell IX Dunn of the Vl3ltaclon Water
Company testified that his company was
furnishing 150,000 gallons daily and that
its , mains measured fifteen miles. The
capacity of tne plant is 300,000 gallons
daily and its receipts last year exceeded
$WKW. .
i Braunhart inquired if the Spring Valley
Company had complied With the request
of the board and furnished the contract
between that corporation and the Subur
ban Water Company relative to the trans
fer- of- properties a few days since.
Secretary Ames presented figures show
ing the revenues of the company for the
current fiscal year, which would aggre
gate $1,853.8*0. Of that sum $13,046 repre
sented rents. The surplus on July 1,
1900, was $184,839, and on July 1, 1001,.$105,
602.
Seventies of Water Company.
bad a conference with Mayor Schmitz
and as a result he was prepared to make
the offer that during the next fiscal year
he would put in from 100 to 2*) hydrants.
This offer was made, however, without
prejudice to the company's suit.
"What about the needs of tho Univer
sity Mound district?" asked Conner.
• "I wifl investigate the matter and see
what can be done," replied Schussler.
BOARD OF SUPERVISORS FAIL TO AGREE ON WATER RATES
no one. this can be accomplished and the
company earnestly requested that that
course be followed.
The committee reported progress and
retired to consider the evidence. On Its
return the board reassembled, and the re
port recommending the rates as stated
was presented. The board then ad
journed.
Yukon Railway Company Formed.
TRENTON'. N. J.. Feb. 2S.-The Pacific
apd Yukon ' Railway Company, with a
capital of $2,000,000. to construct and oper
ate railways, was incorporated here to
day. The incorporatora are H. 8. Oaborn,
Chicago; Robert F. Pettlbone, Evanston,
111.: George II. Martin. Caraden, N. J. -
Miss Ethel S. Keeney is enjoying a brief
visit at her/ home, 2423 Fillmore street.
She recentl/ returned from New York,
where she was generously feted. She will
return to New York early in May to act
as bridesmaid at the wedding - of , her
fiance's sister, Miss Tomlinson. Notwith
standing the Lenten season, Mis3 Keeney's
friends are planning to entertain her con
siderably.
Mrs. Alpha Templeton Easton, bride of
Lieutenant Easton, arrived with the Co
lumbus Barracks contingent of the Twen
ty-ninth Infantry on Thursday morning.
Mrs. Easton will not accompany. her hus
band to the Philippine Islands, but will
remain with friends In California. i
Miss Georgina Hopkins and ! Mr. * Fred
erick McNear were tendered a pleasant
dinner Wednesday evening at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. Mountford S. Wil
son. The other guests were: Miss Carrie,
Taylor. Miss Frances Hopkins, Dr.«Harry
L. Tevis, Harry N. Stetson, Mr. and Mrs.
William H. Taylor and Mr. and Mrs. Aug
ustus Taylor.
return, In about ten days, Mr. and Mrs.
Morganstern will - reside in this city,'
whore the groom is well known as an at
torney. The bride is a' daughter of the
late M. Strouse. j
WEALTH BRINGS
HER MISFORTUNE
J ¦ •* * *
Sliss Bertha E. Strouse and Mr. Alfred
J. Morganstern were quietly married In
Nevada City a few days agr) and have
gone south on a wedding trip. When they
Mr. and Mrs. Marcus Koshland. Mr. and
Mrs. William Greenebaum. Mr. and Mrs. Isador
KleJschmann. Mr.'and Mrs. S. Rosenbaum, Mr.
and Mrs. Moses Heller. Mr. and Mrs. SyGufe
genhlme.
A pleasant dinner was given by Mr. and
Mrs. Albert Rosenbaum on Wednesday.
The decorations were in white, lilies of
the valley being the flowers selected. The
favors Were pretty and interesting. Thcs«j
present were: /
Mrs. Louis Slors, Mrs. Brandenstein, Mrs,
Schweitzer. Mrs. J. Greenebaum Mm. Sylvaln
•Welll, Mrs. A. Roos, Mrs. Sophie Lilienthal,
Mrs. M. H, Hecht, Mrs. Lowenberg, Mrs. Jules
Mack. Mrs. S. Suwraann, Mrs. S. Sloss, Mrs. S.
W. Heller. Mrs. J. Levlson. Mrs. Will Gerstle.
Mrs. Marc Geretle, Mrs. Charles Hirsch, Mrs.
Moses Heller K Mrs. Gruennewald, Mrs. S. Gug
genhlxne. ' . '-
Mrs. Louis Gerstle gave a large lunch
eon on Wednesday. One table was prettily
decorated in yellow and the other in ¦white
blossoms. The guests were very enjoy
ably entertained. Those present were:
• • •
Miss Adelaide Murphy was hostess at
a delightful luncheon given to a number
of friends at the University Club on
Thursday.
Mr*, nichard Clover. Judge and Mrs. AV. C.
Van Fleet. Mr. and Mrn. J. B. Crockett. Mr.
and Mrs. Joseph D." Orant. Mr. and Mrs.
Mountford S.' Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Robert J.
Woods, Mr. and Mrs. Hermann Oelrlchs, Mr.
and Mrs. Philip K. Bowles, Mr. and Mrs. Wil-
Ham 8. Tevis. Mrs. Russell 'J. Wllion,#Mr3.
Horace Blanchard Chase. Miss Florence lves.
Horace G. Platt. George Aimer Kewhall. E. B.
Plllsbury. Allan St. John Bowie and Harry M.
Holbrook.
YESTERDAY .was the first decided
lull society has felt for many
months. Even thoso popular
maids and matrons who have been
in demand for dinners and lunch
eons, notwithstanding the Lenten season,
took a day off to. rest and dream of the
pleasures Just past. Mrs. Henry J. Crock
er's pink and yellow dinner on Thursday
was a success in every sense of, the word
and one that will long be remembered by
the guests she entertained so hospitably.
Kvcrything was perfectly appointed. No
outside caterers were required, as the
cuisine and service, were entirely provided
in Mrs. Crocker's well-equipped household
for the thirty guests. Those present were:
DEPOSITORS WIN
FINAL VICTORY
In response to an inquiry madeby the
Government as to the fate of an escort
of convoy of empty wagons, which, ac
cording to a dispatch from Lord Kitch
ener, tr.arie public February 2«5. was at
tacked and captured by ttto BoeTs south
west of Kleerksdorp, Transvaal Colony,
February 24, Lord Kitchener has cabled
th«» following mescagc:
"A report has just been received that
sixteen officers and 451 men were taken
prifeoners. Of these one officer and 105
men have been released. Colonel Ander
son of the Imperial Yeomanry, who com
manded, is still a prisoner. Major Ender
by, who commanded the infantry, was
wounded. Hence th#> delay in obtaining
definite Information."
A dispatch received to-night from Har
rismith shows that General Dewet and
Btcyn were within the net described by
ix.Td Kitchener in his dispatch from Har
rismith concerning the killing or captur
ing of 600 Boers during the last two days,
but escaped before the line was completed.
To-night's dispatch from Harrismlth
also says that Colonel Rawllns scored the
biggest success of the drive. He succeed
ed in completely surrounding a laager of
400 Boers and gave them one hour in
¦which to decide whether they would sur
render or flght._^ The Boere. nnding es
cape Impossible, surrendered at discre
tion- and not a shot was fired.
The censorship in South Africa has
been excessively strict for some time pa&t
end dispatches have consequently suffer
ed eerlous. delay. In some cases they
have been held up for one or two days
huh at Cape Town and Pretoria.
CENSORSHIP IS STRICT.
Lord Kitchener says nothing in his re
ew nse about the two guns that the Boers
captured with the convoy, and Brodrick,
the Secretary of State for War. an
nounced in the House of Commons to-day
that the Government had no further in
formation beyond that communicated in
Lord Kitchener's dispatcti.
War Secretary Brodrick, replying to a
question In the House of Commons to
day, said no details, with the exception
of "the list of casualties, had been received
of the recent capture of a British convoy
of empty wagons near Kleerksdorp. ICo
men i had been reported killed, but there
were about 100 wounded.
RECENT BRITISH REVERSE.
"The fighting was at close quarters and
the Boers, as usual, drove a large herd
of cattle in front of them. Manic Botha,
the Boer leader, was killed and thlrty-flve
• i< .til Kocrs were found on the ground.
Over 100 horses were killed and GOjO head
of cattle were left on our hands. Other
hmall attempts to break out were made
«nd in two oises succeeded. On the last
•lay 450 Boers, with rifles and horses, were
captured. All the columns have not yet
reported, as the operations have been
v.-|d<?. but over 600 Boers have been killed
or are prisoners in our hands, also 2000
horses. 28.000 -head of cattle. 200 wagons.
tO.OOO sheep. COO rifles and 50.000 rounds of
ammunition. The prisoners include Gen
eral Dewcfs son and his secretary. Com
mandants Meyer and Truther and several
field cornets. These satisfactory results
are very appropriate on the anniversary
•of Majuba."
"HARRISMITH. Feb. 29.-Yesterday
the combined operations of the columns
•• rml! :ii< 0 in driving the Boers against
the Harmmlth and Van Recnan block
house lint". The river Wilge was held by
the Leicester regiment and Elliott's
mounted Infantry feom Harrlsmith, while
the columns formed on the Frankfort and
ISothus Pans blockhouse line advanced
:-'.u!h. holding the entire country between
the Wilgc end the Natal frontier. On the
liiFt, night a severe attempt to break
through was made at a point betwVcn
Remington's nnd Byng'a columns, and the
New V.i ;il.iin!'is behaved with great gal-
Inn trj\
FIGHT AT CLOSE QUARTERS
This news was so welcome to the Brit
ish that it v.ik read out In the House of
Common* by War Secretary Brodrlck,
from a dispatch of Lord Kitchener, a*
"lolluwc:
KITCHENER'S REPORT,
LONDON. Feb. :8.— Following the pre
cedent of Lord Roberts, who announced
General Cronje's surrender at Paardeburg
on the anniversary of the battle of Ma
.u.i..-. 11111 (February £7. 1SS1), Lord Kitch
ener apparently selected tho'aamo anni
vmary to achieve a big success, by a.
« omblntd movement, lavttng two days,
HKiilnn the Boer force* within the Har
rlKmlih and Van Itcenan line of block-
Ikiiih s. The I '.hit lut'M-f. aggregate 600
men killed or captured and 3000 horses
nnd 2K.000 hend of cattle fell Into the
hundn'of the British troops.
PITTSBURG. Feb." . 28.— Pittsburg and
vicinity is to-nlrht threatened with a dis
astrous, flood. The great ice gorge in the
Allegheny, passed, out to-day without do
ing any serious damage, but the great
volume of water behind it,' which is being
augmented every moment by swollen
creeks . and mountain streams, ( makes | !t
apparent that much damage must result
before the waters '¦ subside. At 10:30
o'clock to-night Government Forecaster
Rldgoway issued ,a bulletin, stating that
tho rivers had reached the danger point
andiwere rising fast.' He sent; out warn
ings to all river men.'raliroad'.companles
and all interested to' prepare for. at least
twentyiflve f«iet by morning.- Rnd predict,
od a. maximum of thirty feet.. All resi
dents, of downtown districts have moved
to second floor*. Tho Lincoln and Boycr
hotelo and the Y. M. C. A. to-day vacated
the stround floor* of being
flooded, to-morrow. .. - '. ';¦' •"'
The rain storms of last: night have
caused serious interruptions to this route.
South of Washington is to-day practically
cut off and the interior of Pennsylvania
is in a similar condition. In Ohio the ram
storms have also hampered telegraph' ser
vice seriously. Torrential rains. ; reported
to be of almost cloudburst severity, have
occurred in the South Atlantic States. Mis
sissippi and Alabama and that region is
to-day practically without communica
tion. Severe thunderstorms have accom
panied the rainfall. .In many sections
rivers arc out of their .banks and caused
not only derangement of -wires, but much
interruption of railway traffic: .
The' storm gave a generous share of Us
attention to New York: City. During this
afternoon for a short time. the rain fell
in torrents and the wind blew at the rate
of sixty-eight miles an' hour. "The storm
made the waters on the bay. very rousrh,
and interfered greatly with shipping. The
cruiser San Francisco* weighed anchor at
•noon under* sealed orders, for sea, but
when. she reached a point off Swinburne
Island her captain changod her course
and returned to the anchorage grounds
off ' Tompkinsvllle, • on account of the
storm. The Cincinnati and Olympia were
prepared to get-under way should their
anchors fail to hold fast. *, ,
From New. Jersey points reports of flood
and damage are coming in. , Trains are de
layed or held up. altogether, on the L.e
high and Pennsylvania railroads. Bridges
are^.beins washed- away and farms are
under water. The Delaware River is out
of its banks at Flemlngton, and at River
side the rails of the South' Branch Rail
road are eighteen inches under watef. The
Black Diamond express on • the Lehlgh
Valley road went as far as' Mauch Chunk
and from there was obliged to return to
New York. • ¦ '.- . • "
Rivers Overflow. Banks.
No trulna have passed through on the
Seaboard north for Atlanta In twenty
i four hours. Washouts are reported on
i all railroads coming Into Atlanta to-night
L except two. The railroads are handling
f their passenger tramu only with the
greatest dltllculty. No train on the Sea
; board Air Line has reached this city
; since Thursday morning until 6:30 tlm
! afternoon. All trains on this road are
turned -back at -Athens, Ga., . using the
Southern's tracks into Atlanta. Tho first
train over the Southern from Washington
since 10 o'clock last nieht pulled into the
Atlanta depot at 6 o'clock to-night. , •
A negro woman was killed, another
fatally injured and several negro men
badly hurt- by a cyclone -which passed
over Dawson, Ga., late last night. Hen
ley's roller mills, the Barnett mills and
Klnnard'a sawmill were washed away,
near Jackson, Ga., by the flood. The rail
road tracks near Jackson are reported
live feet under water. »•-'••• •'• >; : •. /
NEW YORK, Feb.«28.— While' the, tele
graph companies are still' struggling to
repair the damages resulting from the
sleet and gales of last week, ; they are
now facing an additional derangement of
their systems because of heavy rain
storms in the Middle West and the riouth.
It is said that the Interruption of tele
graphic communication, has never before
been so general or so long continued.
In the vicinity of Philadelphia,- where
the storm of last Friday was most severe,
the companies are still endeavoring to re
store their wires, but the damage was so
exteusive that the work is not yet com
pleted and practically business for Balti
more, -Washington and the South Is still
being routed by way of Pittsburg and the
West. •
Storm Delays the Trains.
. l<'our lives wuro loBtim a vruck near
Gnifin, Uti., which wui caused. by a wimn
uut. ihu other iiuad wi'iu negroes, wiioae
caulns • were oiowh away i»y • tnu atorm.
i in; ruins mlMiiii me water to flood heignt
in urn cnauunoocuce, Alabama, Oumui
l,w, navuiinuti and the two uconeea, but
tale lu-nlgni. tho aluge In ail oC them wan
stationary bxcept > at , Columbuu, Ua..
wnera tn« Chat tunoocnee. web rifling slow
ly. Columbus Muttered hu vcrciy. Ono
bridge waa- waahcu away -und another la
expected to go at any moment. Many of
tne ctty'B inanufuciuruiK ' plants were
lorceci to close. . • ¦ . ¦- ¦¦. '•
Tn'o city of Athens, Ga., is In total dark
ness to-night, with two rivers sending
volumes oi water through bonio parts of
tho town. The north and middle Oconeo
rivers passed the high wuter mark there
early -this morning, but- to-night were
stationary. The puoilc plant of tne Athens
Electric Street Hallway Company was
submerged to a depth of six feet. At tha
Princeton factory tha river rushed
through tho building, doing great damage
to the machinery. The water works plant
was Inundated and the machinery ruin
ed. The water supply of the city was shut
off. Both gas ana electric plants wero
compelled to close. \ ¦ • :,.-. 5";
. The untlre south wall of the south win*
of tnti Dim.! Capitol at TulialiasHL'u wan
lavek-U 10 mo ground lust nigin.
ATLANTA, Oa., Feb. 28.-Not In many
years have tho. Southeastern Gulf States
experienced -damugo ho widenpread by u
Htunn :ih that which visited tioorgla, Ala
bama, Tcnneasce, Virginia, .North and
South Carolina and Florlilii. t As far as
known uaven lives werelost and «everul
pcr»ons iiijiiri.i, The dttinngolB> enormous,
tho rullrouu* being particularly heavy
«Ulll'H:rH. • . • ;'¦, ¦
British Bemain Bather Silent, How
ever, Concerning Their Recent
Disaster Near Klecrks-
Portion of the State Capitol at Talla
hassee Is Reported to Have
Been Torn Away by
the Wind. , . .
Two Days' Fighting, During
Which tha Boers Lose
Heavily.
age and Buildings De
PersonB Are i Killed'*.' in -Wreck-
Report Victory.
Kitchener Selects Maju
ba Hill Anniversary to
Southern States Suffer
' Greatly .[From. -'the
Tempest.
Popular Maids and' Matrons 'Take a : < Day Off
to Dream of the Pleasures Just Passed;
DEATH RULES
AMID RUINS
AFTER STORM
SPECTACULAR
WARFARE IN
SOUTH AFRICA
SOCIETY ENJOYS FIRST
REST OF MANY MONTHS
¥ERBA BUENA LODGE OF PER
FECTION of the Ancient and Ac
tcepted Rite of Freemasons mot
In Commandery Hall. Masonic
Temple, last night and elected tho
following named officers:
James A. Wilson, venerable ma«ter: Wllltam
P. Pllmer. «enior warden; George O. Goul-l.
Junior warden: George Varco*. °lf t( " ''„£"'
11am S. Moses, almoner; William K. Croccer.
treasurer; Henry Burner, secretary; John A.
nuckstell. master of ceremonies: A. J. U«a
mare. senior expert; M. Van Luzen. Junior ex
pert; A. Slmonoff. captain of th« ¦T«>««1 : Johi»
d-Arey. tyler; Charles W. Conllnlc. Harry A«
crott and Harry J. Laslc. trustees.
After the result of the election had b«n
declared the new officers were Installed
by Harry A-cVoft. the retiring; v«nerabl.i
nlahter. assisted by Harry J. La «k u
master of ceremonies. The Scottish Rita
Installation ceremony was conducted in a
nio«t Impressive manner.
Treasurer -W. H. Crocker reported thnt
tho sum of $104,000 has been ¦"&¦««•""")';»
the fund being raised .to erect a Scottish
Rlt« Hall on the slta of the Red Men j
Hall on Post street, which property wn«
recently purchased by the fruternlty.
Report of Treasurer Crocker Shows That the Building Fund of the
Scottish Rite Fraternity Is Rapidly Increasing*
YERBA BUENA LODGE OF MASONS
ELECTS AND INSTALLS OFFICERS
THE SAN rRANOISCO-GALL,- SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1902.
10
Hospitality's Cheer
• In all social chesr hospitality's
motto Is:
The Best for the Goest
0
The superb quality of
Hunter
makes it tha first sought
and tho first bought.
§ DR. MEYERS & tO.
specialists ro.« *mU
.J;* t . ablUhe<1 1&u - C0(w
•mutton and prtvau bo«4
ittt at otflca or by ""*-i_
*^ure» guarantied.
731 MARKET SL
\ 6AN JTRAycjSCO. CAU
P A FT nnWR I • c °f n «r Fourth «nd
I ALL U I I V A I Market. S. F. Try
I. HIT III I I 14 I our s P«»al Brew.
— • Be. Overcoat" and
vaiu«» cMwitn.. NEW, YORK, Feb. 28.— R. G. Dun &Co.'s
¦ Weekly- Review of Trade to-morrow will say: ¦-.
' Although the, shortest month Of the -year was
further curtailed by two holidays and handi
capped by the most severe storms of the win-'
ter Industrial and trade results . were most
satisfactory. The closing week brought a gen
eral rflBumptlOn of activity In the lines "that
suffered from the weather -and preparation for
an exceptionally heavy spring business was re
ported at many points. Southern cities alone
, being backward.. .. , . , ,
Insufficient motive power arid had weather
combined to restrict the movement of coke
from Conuellsviile arid the' plgiron production
suffer* at a time when a '-maximum output
¦would not be excessive.
¦ ' Cereals ' opened the week with -a decided re
action. Wheat came Into sight rather- more
.freely than a year ago and the Atlantic ship
ment of flour made a better comparison than
.in recent .preceding weeks, but the total ¦ ex
ports of whf at from the United States, flour
Included, were 3,185,052 bushels, against 4,324,
249 a year ago.- • • •¦.
Wool has been taken less freely • by mills,
but dealers show no lack of confidence In" the
.future of. that utaple. , ¦ " " . .... ¦ : ¦-. , . • .
Failures lor the week numbered 215 In tljf
, _ . -a-
Dun's Review of Trade. . . \
STOCK MARKET.
Eastern Livestock Market
NEW. YORK, Feb. 28.— Cotton closed flrrr
10 to 13 points higher. .. ....
New York Cotton Market
NEW- YORK. Fsb. 28.— The local market for
spot tin -was steady at $2."@2,'; 25, although at
London there was a.' decline of 17s 6d, spot
oIoMn* at £114 10* and futures' at' £110 15s
Copper ruled fairly steady here, although
spot lake was a» shade easier in Inside price,
closing at 'l2'/ic to 12Vic, but other grades
were unchanged. Electrolytic closed at V'K
@12%c and casting closed at 12J,6<g>l2s s c
«. Lead was firmer at 4Vic, but London closed
'1$ 3d lower at £11 13s Od.
:. Spelter was locally steady and unchanged
at 4.2">®4.30c, and London was 2s 6d lower at
£17 17s Cd. -^ .
, The Iron markets here were firm, but quiet
and unchanged.. Glasgow, was unchanged, at
53s 6d, but Mtddlesboro was a shade lower a'.
47s 1 "id. ' ' • . . : .;¦ ...'^ ¦- -:.;¦-.¦
New' York Metal Market
Wheat— ' ' March' May.
Opening ...........'......'.' . a % • e 14.
Closing ¦ 6 jj 0 &»
••/",» '¦-¦".¦¦ PARIS.
• AVheat— .' - - - Feb.- -Mhv-ah?;
Opening • 20 S5 .21 fi5
Closing.. ". 20 00' 21 So
.: Flour — ">
Opening... » 25 ,7."> 27 25
Closing ••• 25 75 27 00 ¦
LIVERPOOL.
Jew York Stock Market
NEW TORK. Feb. 28. — Tbe forecast of the
Lank statement end the prospect of additional
bea*jr requirements upon New Tork bank re
f rves overcame the market to-day and dragged
prices downward. The decline toward the lat
'¦*" part of the trading showed more consistency
ihan any previous movement during the week,
i'ricos of all elapses of stocks were alike affect
r<5. both the minor specialties, among which
there liad been isome ehow of strength earlier
in ibe day. and the leading standard stocks,
which had lain Inert until the selling move
ment began. The liquidation was not urgent
and showed no signs of being forced, but It was
evident that it was thought best to be pre
pared for contingencies in the money market
ks4 uflce in all sa.il possible. The preliminary
figures of the week's cash movement as usually
(•ul)lieb',rj on Friday, which Include the known
movement of money up to Thursday night, ln
tJirates that the banks have lost nearly $6,000,
i'-0<J in ra«h during the week. The exports of
jrold railed exactly for $3,013,823. The routine
Hub-Treasury operations took $2,833,177. The
repular export movement ?«. the interior was
In f*vor of New York to the extent of over a
million <Joll»r«, and to-day there was depos
iif-d at tbe Sub-Treasury $500,000 for transfer
to Chicago, which would ebout wipe out the
c-arlier gain by the banks. Tbe loan Item re
mains In the usual obbcurlty, but there has
beat no important etuck market liquidation.
Fyndioate BUtj«crlpyons to the Glucose and
Ktarch combinations have been called and there
is a poreitiilfty that the gold exports represent
»h> paying off of foreign obligatlone on their
iror-Kfer to lo»-al banks, es v/a« the case with
ih'. Isrt sold that went out. There Is no great
hope, therefore, of anything tout a very weak
hank return to-morrow. Beyond that' the per-
Bictrnt flrmne** of the foreign exchange lndi
catet that lurtfier gold will go out by export
next wofek. The flrt-t d"iy»elt »t the Bub-Treas
ury for transfer to the West in generally ac
r;<-j>t*-d aw tho turning movement of currency*
ft way from New VorW again to meet the usual
spring n-quirftments In the interior. The re
quest to th* Treaeury authoritios for permission
to dppo»,it golo In New York to be drawn on at
Fan Francle^rr foreshadows a further move
rnf-nt which promistK to reach nearly $10,000.-
WfJO. sj:«i which if connected %vlth eyndlcate
iiajm<-nt»« for ftreet railway pro!>ertie«. With
Muiplm resent* of the banks 'list Saturday
EASTERN MARKETS.
Temperature— 7 a. m.. 60. _^
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over the entire coast,
except frotn Point Conception southward. The
leather Is generally clear over California and
conditions are more favorable for fair weather.
The following river resdlngs are reported:
Maysvllle. 16. falling; Sacramento. 27.6. rising.
The following are the total 'rainfalls during
tb« month of February : San Francisco. 7.27
!n-hes; Eureka, 19.50; ReC Bluff. 12.20: Sacra
m»r.to. 6.50; Fresacf 2.36; San Luis Oblspo.
&.60; Los Angeles, 3.40; San .Diego.- 1.50. At
Neah Bay 25.80 Inches fell., v
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. March ¦ X, 1902:
Northern California/ — FaJr- Saturday; cooler
in the interior; light northerly winds.
Southern California — F"alr- Saturday; cooler
in the interior: light northerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday; fresh westerly
winds. -.-.¦.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair .Saturday;
fr»-ih westerly winds.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Eggs are considerably cheaper this week, th&
market' being suddenly overstocked with them.
Butter.' on the contrary. Is very scarce and a
good deal dearer than at this time last year.
Cheese remains unchanged.
. Meats, remain the same. Some kinds of Foul
try and Fish are In light supply and dearer.
Fruits and Vegetables nhow little variation.
House coals continue scarce. ~
Cannel ....$ @13 00 Sotrthfleld
Wellington ®11 00 Wellington $— «ll On
Heattl* . . . . © 8 60 Coo* Bay . . .$ — © 7 00
Itonlyn .... w 9 O OO - .
DAIRY PRODUCES. ETC.—
Dutter, choice, §q— ®00 Common Egg* 15^1" V»
Do, good......r».Vff — Ranch Eggs, per
Common 45/&Z0 dozen 20$—
Cheese, Cal 15^17 Honey Comb. p«r
Cheese, Eii3tern.I7n'ji) pound 13<$2O
Cheese. Swlsa ...20(230 Do, extracted.. *¦&!<»
MEATS, per lb—
Racon 14.O18 Pork Bausaxes. 12^315
Hams 13S 17 Smoked Beef l?fl20
Lard 13®—
The San Francisco Eutcbers' Protective As
sociation announces the following retail price*
for meats:
Koast Beef 1 ntiis Roast Mutton. .1201 2>A
Tenderl'n 8t'k.l3©17H Mutton Chop*. .10<gl2u,
Porterh'se di>.. 17^^20 Mutton 8t*w ...— ffl h
Round Steak.. 10®12Vi Roast Veal 10^15
Beef Stew .. 8<310 Veal Cutlets ....15Q1.H
Corned Beef '.... 8'fftOlRoast Pork . . -12'i'rxt.*.
Roast Lamb ..12H@15!pork Chop. — #13
Lamb Chops ..12V£<&18l -\ .
POULTRT AND GAME —
Hens, each ;....60©5W Pigeons; pair ...4Off3O
Younjc JRooBtera, Squabi, per palr.W>@B3
each ... v..-..75ct?$l Rabbttt, each ..15(g2i)
Old Roosters. ea.SO'a 75 Hare, each A . . . — O2U
Fryers, each 50<j£75. English Snipe..
Broilers, each ...3O@e»i per dozen .. — ®W "O
Turkeys, per lb. . 18*022 1 Jack Snipe... — ©$2 00
Ducks, e^ch 65@|1 Wild Geese per
r peese, each....$l 50®2 pair 75cg$l 00
Goslings . ...—®$2 50' Brant, each ....25(8.13
I FRUITS AND NUTS— . . ,
Alligator. Pear* Grape Fruit. Der
each ..'. . ..'. ,.25<@50 dozen 50®. 75
Almonds ... .... .15020 Limes, dozen . . -10-a ir,
Apples 3@ » Lemons, dozen ..20rgS<>
Pecans ...f Oranges, dozen. .20<3 W
Brazil Nuts . 20@— Pears, lb SfH^',
Bananas, doz ...15@25 Pineapples, each.30(gGo
Cocoanuts, each.— @10 Raisins, per lb. . 5®1.%
Chestnuts, per lb.l5<S20 Walnuts, pr IT».12V-@1'«
Dried Figs, pr lb— €10 ' • -
..VEGETABLES— i - ,.">'- v>*
Asparagus, lb.20i5J30 Mushrooms Ib...l5guo
Artichokes. Ua.$l@l 5o Okra. dried; lb..— @ 10-
Beets, dozen 10® — Potatoes, pr lb..2#2 J »i
Beans, white, lb. 6@ — Parsnips,, per dz.lO<9—
Colored, $er lb. 5<1? — Radishes, . dozen
Dried Lima, lb.. 6® 8i bunches iy<f.">
Cabbage, each... 5® — j Rhubarb ... . — ®13
Celery, head' 5® — ! Sweet Potatoes
Cress, dz bnchs..20@30 per.lb- .. .- 2'4« 4
Cucumbers, dz.$l 50*}2|Sage, doz bnchs.2o^.>0
Egg Plant, lb 30®— String Beans, per -. . -.
Garlic ... ,„ 4# 6| pound .'. . ' : 20ig23
Green Peppers,lb.30(ia'40| Summer Squash, -
Green Peas. \\>.\Z^<ri\h\ per pound ¦.... ®2JV
Lettuce, per doz.!5«ff20 ; Sprouts, per- lb:.,» f.'Sf (5
Leeks, dz bciis. .15.S2O! Spinach, per IS>. . J«- —
Onions, per lb.CVi@3Vjj Thyme, ds bj-hs.2rwe:jo
Oreen, Onions, dz . (Turnips, per doz,10«f —
bunches 15^-OiTomatoes, per lb.l3!S20
FISH— . , V
Carp ... .—41124 Sea Bass- : — jf—
Catfish — @ — Smelts — %\r.
Codfish 20«i— Soles 12^ei S
Flounders. ... 12 Vi®— i Skates, each ...*ai3
Halibut -• — ®15|Squid — %—
Herring $(Si — -iTomcod lO'S'i'J'-i
Mackerel — (jJ— ! Turbot : 15«2."> •
! Do.' horse . v ... — <ffi — '. Trout — ft —
Perch — @ — j Brook Trbut — ® —
Pomplno 75c@$l 00 Whitefish ... ...10«—
Rockcod — <S20|Ctams. gallon ...50@ —
Rockflsh .... — <B2O. Do. hardshell.
Salmon, fresh ..2O'a2."; per pound S'SIO
Do. smoked . . .15^23j Crawfish ... — Sin
Sardines — @— 'Crabs, each:..... — <ft2.">
Shrimps- ..." 10t« — Mussels, quart .. — S —
. Shaa. 15@ — Oy-ters. Cal. 100.40®5'>
Striped "Bass 13@20; Do. Eastern, dz.23S 10
C*r»on ..2».0« 40 «0 NW (Hear .02
rjureka ZO.OH 64 4« SW Cloudy .4O
Fresno S0.00 &* ** ' NW Clear .02
r -*rta?r tat.ixi :¦¦<: 12 \v <:iear .<><;
Poctlello, I4..29.M VA 'M> BW Pt.Cldy .18
izCrpcnacnce 29.80 4S » NW Clear .(w
X.'.r Anceles..29.£8 '•< W N Clear T.
Phoenix 23.70 70 42 TV Clear .00
PortUnd 29.B4 4* Ct> «W Rain .,,.42
U»d Bluff 30.04 50 88 SB Cloudy -OO
Ros*burg 80. 04 4H 4>t S Pt.Cldy .22
Facrameoto ..S0.04 CS 46 N Pt.Cldy .00
Salt I^Jce 23. 8« E2 30 NW Pt.Cldy .SO
Ftn Francisco;a).O8 5») 4S W Oear .00
B L. Oblspo. .30.04 «l U\ TV Clear .CO
F.an Wego 29.94 CO 54 T\' Clear .04
Seattle 29. S8 00 42 8 Cloudy .04
Spokane 29.90 4>i :;i K Rain .2S
Neah Bay 29. SO 4h 40 S R*in .98
W«Ua T\:alla..29.SS r.2 ?A STV Pt.Cldy .04
W:nneinucc». .29.96 SS 2« S-W <:iouay T.
Tutna 29.76 72 4t W Clear .00
Aftftria 29.90 60 4« SW-. Cloudy M
Baker •. 29.92 41 3> K Cloudy M
I £i U %\ $ I
tTATIONB. I SB 1|>&? A Eg I
THE COAST RECORD
The lollowing maximum and minimum tem
;*rsturcs were reported from Kastern eta
tione:
Borton 3S-40 Omeha 40-3+
rh'.isdelphla r.2-42 ft. Ijo\x\t &»s-4'J
Jn«-UsonvlH«« 74-«0'Chicajto Vi-'M
Setr York M-42 Duluth 5«-30
Ktr.fa* City 44-37 Halt Leke City. . .42-30
Ti'aehirgton 58-4U'
Ban Krancis-co data: Maximum temperature
TAi: minimum. 4»; tncaji. Gi-
General Merchandise
Prices remain as before quoted.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l^c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; ' medium. 10c i light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy tind 8^0 for lisht^Stags
7c: Salted Kip, 9c: Salted Veal, JM^c; Salted
CalfT 10c; Dry Hides. 16»£c: Culls. 14e; Dry
Kip, 14c; Dry Calf, ISc;. Culls and Brands
15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15<g30c each; .-hort
Wool, 40@60c each: medium, 65@76c; lonir
"Wool. 80c@$l 10 each: Horse Hides, salt $2.75
@3 for large and $2 5<>- for medium. $1 75<S2
tor small and 60c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry ¦
$1 75 for large. $1 25<gtl 50 for medium. $1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Sum
mer or red eklns. 35c: fall or medium skins,
30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c. . . . . ;, -. ,'
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5J4 @6c per' lb-
No. 2,.4Hs©5c: grease," 2 %@3c.
. WOOL — Fait. San Joaquin. 6@Sc; San Joa
<;uin Iiambs'. ,7%@S%c; Middle County. SjjlOc
per lb;- Valley Oregon, spring, 15@15^c; • do"
fall.. 14®l5c per lb.v , ;
. HOPS— ll@12c for fair and 12%@14c per lb
for good to choice. 'Local dealers quote 15'i'
lTAAc for shipment.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Chicago was higher on the day. and strong.
Offerings were not pressing and there was some
improved outside buying. The San Francisco
market showed no change whatever.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy. 12»Ac for light medium. 13 y 2C for light.
14y.c for extra light and 15c fof sugar-cured:
Kastern sugar-cured Hams. 12i$g:-13c: Califor
nia Hams. ItV2@12Vjc; Mess Beef, $9 5Ogl"i
per barrel; extra Mess. 510 50<gll; Family,
$11 50012! prime Mes3 Pork. $15; extra clear.
i?22 50tt2U; Mess. $1S 50(8)19; Smoked Beef,
j3 J ,&®J4o per lb.
LARD — Tlercea quoted at Sc per lb for corrf^
pound and 10%@Hc for pure: half barrel3,
pure, HV4c: 10-lb tin?. ll«ic; 5-lb tins, 11% C ;
o-lb tins, 12c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. »3 8 c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce. .B^c; two tierces,
9V4c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. .
Provisions
FRUITS — Apricots, 8090 Cor Royals and 8%
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, b'asiic; sundrled. 6c: Peaches.
COSUCi Pean, ClgOc; Plums, pitted, CG&^c;
unpltted, 1^©2Vjc; Nectarines. 6@5Wc for red
and BH^e^c for white; Fifs, 3c for black and
C0®76c per box for white. .
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-4C*. 6®C»Ac; 40-50*8. 4%@5%c; GO-CO',,. 4U
«4Tic: eo-7t>*». 3%®4Mc: 70-8CS. 3 >/? ft'3 r ri c : 80-
Vtfi, 2y,03 1 /4c; OO-IOO-B. 2%«2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded, 3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, %\i
#7?4c: Loose Muscatels, 6Vic for 4-crown and
G'Vic-for seedless; 8-erown, 6c; 2-crown, 3ric;
Seedless Sultanas, 5VjC for unbleached and 7*»
HVxC for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; Dc
hesa, *2 SO; Fancy. ?1 75; London Layers,
NUTS — Chestnuts. ll®12c: 'Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%c: No; 2. S@3Hc; No 1 hardshell,
Oc: No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 10V4612C for paper
shell ; 9@10e for softshell- and 6@7c for hard
shell: Peanuts. 5®7c for Eastern; Brazil Nut*
12@12%c: Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c;
Cocoanuts. $3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb. ll@12c for bright an* 10 j?
lie for light amber; water white extracted; 5@
6c light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX-27^f@29c fler lb/ '.
The Citrus market was in fairly good shape
under light receipts, and all grades met with
a fair demand. At the Orange auction 3 cars
were sold at the following- prices:. Fancy Na
vels. *1 80^2 25: Cholc«s do. $1 5O<&>1 80'; St&nd
ard Jo. U(u-'n*l 40. A small lot of Fancy Grape
Fruit wa» Bold at $2 per box.
AH grades of Apples continue to move well
under a strong demand. ' •
APPLES— $1 80<a2 25 per box for extra. $1®
I 80 for good to choice and 60<ft 75c for ordinary.
PEAI'.H — From cold storage. 75cS*2 Stf per
FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75ctT»t 23
(or standards, |l.C0@2 for choice and |'."o2 IS
for fancy; Seedllnffs, 7Qc@91-CO: Tangerines.
In quarter boxei. 75ciQ|l and 91 S0®2 la half
boxes; Lemons, 50c®$l for common and fl«
1 60 for good to choice and II 75«i2 60 for
fancy; Grape Fruit. $ltf'2: Mexican Limes.
«r» WflOi Bananas, $2 'ittCl 75 per bunch for
New Orleans and *1 2&3>2 25 for Hawaiian;
I'lneapplea, |3®4 per dozen,
# % ¦¦¦¦¦-¦¦¦ "-"¦
Dried Pruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits
. NEW YORK. Feb. 2S.— The following table,
compiled by llradstreet, sl>o>*-s the. h&bk cifear
lnga e.t thj wrineisal cltfes-for the week endeij
Febiuary 27, with the percentaj;e :1 of increase
[•«HtoS ' Amount
New York, ?l,272.tm,<*0. 13?i _
thlcago ,15XO40.0&0 'ZiM .
Boston 115.b2ft.7KJ 111 /
Philadelphia .....; 74,»jsU4yS .'..;. . -jii-j
J»t; Louis ' W,321,7<tt - 57. «'
I'ittHburp ........ .;9,52'J.Go5 5.7
l>?ttlrncre. .,,,...., . 17.0G«,24l .,.. ii.o
fcan tranclsco l!l.30S,4til 3 8
Cincinnati 19.K43.7Ou la'.J ""
Kansas otty, ..... l«.615.3il lljt . " "
Cleveland H,7fM,tiMJ .... V| .7
Mlnncapoll* ..-.•,;. 10.6'jO,03:{ - 40 2
New Orleans .... Jl,u2D,()iso . 'f, '»
Detroit h.lbiiSSI 11 *
I^rtji*vUle .7rft30.27.-i ?!l '.'.'.'.
In.lianppoHs 7,810.905 :}«.O
Frovldence (J,:jw).;«x* u.O
Omiiha K.081.S14 \i.H ..'..
Milwaukee UU.oHU 10. |> ,.,,,
Uuffulo 5.051.82.J 7.2
Kt. l'aul 4,KW,5S3 17.3 ,,'.,
Kt. Joseph 4,\un,KH 112.2 • ....
gfnj" •• 3.7t2.05» .... (>.H
Richmond 3.20r,.«w> , . , « n
Havar.nah 2..I27,. / 5nj sy.i
halt I-ake City... 2,723.782 20. 3
Albany .;......,. 2,h04,O!C ,.., 7 '!'.'
•Ua AnselM ..... H3.I . ' ....
ll?mj-hlB. . . 2.758.0W. Ji.u , .
Fort Worth 1.7W5.227 lfi 1
Rattle • 2.753.8i« :n.» ..'.;
UunlifiiKlun 2,!)<iH,B7l» 1.7
Hartford a.«J02,7"JS l.'.o
Pcorla 3,13O,«51 48.4 .'.'..
Toledo 2.0«8,WO . . ,V 13.4
I'ortland, Or ; U.350,968 T>'2 2
Rochester 1,80S,32il ...', ij.'a
Atlanta 2.112.U4H l(J,(l .,,.
Dm Molnea l.tXKI.cr*] S..'l
New Iiaven I.338.27M 2O.0
Worcester l.S«7,0«Xi • r. .'{
Nashville 1,400.327 13.7
Springfield, Mass, j 1,277.7(1'! 1 «
Norfolk .........' 1.245.0R2 .... '0 8
Grand Rapids / 1,087.091 4.0
Scranton .....'... 1,2*6,138 .... iix
Portland, Me 1.103,078 ir'i
Sioux City 1.373.523 le'.S
Augusta 880.434 ...; •>« j) ,
Syracuse 964.0S2 ... 10 0
Dayton, Ohio 1,131.703 20.1'
Tacoma 916,074 • 3.1 i
Spokane J, 473.164 6».8
Topeka .." 1,181,221 7.7 ...'.
Davenport ; 9tj3,0«0 18. 1
'Wilmington. .Del. - S78.20.'! 02 '
Evansville 753.C25 ' ' .,..' is'g
Birmingham .... - l,4:5«,t:9l 37.^ ¦';
Fall rtsver 1.08fi,7f!0 78*9
Macon • 770,000 D6.n .-. ." '•
Little Rock SH.040 ' : 8.2 • "
Helena 434,049 ! 23*o
Knoxvllle 764,O«S 30.3.. . '
Lowell-.. . 509.856 12. « " " •;
Akron r>o«.800 35.5 •••:'
"Wichita . 540.224 '" a '
Springfield, III;.. f>««..T08 • W.,v— <-~"
Lexington 569,«0!i 3fi 1 ""
New Bedford .... SCO, 251 5.5 "¦<¦¦
Chattanooga 424,3Sn "f2.4' ...;
Yoangstown 4(17,321 5S.3 • ' '.'.'.'.•
Kalamazoo 402.006 6.B •••• •
Fargo 506.S1*! «8. 1 '.[.'.
IJinKbamton 265,600 52 4
nockford 34R,2« 30, S
Canton 1,115,000 287.1
Jacksonville, Fla. rH0,S6fi 24. B
Soringfleld, Ohio.. 349.302' 24.1 'I".".
Chester 2R7,1W( ' ' "15.3
Oulncy • :c»,ns': ' ....¦
Bloomlngton ::.'.. 457.873- 22. .V'
Sioux FeMs .. ¦ ' "S7.3O4 110.1
Jacksonville, • III.. . 115.6!>0' > 0.S ¦
Fremont ntf»,63n 35.0
•Houston ..- 0.950,423 . ' S2.6
•Galyeston ¦• 7.. r i69,000 41.2 ".
•Columbus. Ohio. 5.. r^7,n00 1.7
tWheellng ....... 02N.S22 . 19.0
tWilkesbarre .... 852,361 • .-...'
Totai9"Tyj!s>ir.$l,n52,0»7,670* 11.3 •' 7777
: Outside N. Y.:. 679.153.9S0 8.2 ' ....
CANADA.
Montreal ......... $18,023,55." 55,0
Toronto 1 :t, 1 63, tiPS ifi.i ' ,..,
Winnipeg 2.472.«T27 41. R ....
Halifax l.fiffft.OfiS l 1S.« ~ ....
Vancouver, B. C. . 005.071' ' r 45.7 ....
Hamilton .V;M::: ¦ 706.2fifi 115,4 ....
St. JoVn, N. B.... 7W.216 '21 A ...;
Victoria, B. C. ... 532.302 35,0
tQuebec 1.076,8!'7 - ,.
Ottawa L539.332 .... . . .:. .
Totals. Canada.. $60,171.1C7 ' 36.1 . ....
•Not included, In . totals . because containing
otlier Items than clearings. , ¦.....¦
tNot Included Jn totals because of no. com-'
parison for last . year- ¦
On the Produce. Excliange to-day the butter
market was easy: creameries. 18©2.">c; dairies
lSQ^Jc". .. Cheese. . firm; , i 10%@12|4c. Eggs!
easy; fresh, 25@2Cc. ..
¦Articles.-^ .. • ' "Receipt*. Shipments'
Flour, bbls ,.....' ••"'.. 28,000 36,000
Wheat, bu ;....'. .* • 30.000 O6.C(K)
Corn, bu .". -147,000 40,000
Oats, du *..;............".. 140,000 101.000
Ry«.bu ....:.......-....." 7,000 ,' '¦'..• fl.OOO
Harlej'. bu .:....... .;...-.. 34,000- 24.CHX)
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No'. 3 spring wheat, 74(g76*Jc: No. . 2
red. SHi<ff82aje; No. 2 bats. 44«f44^c:'No. 2
white 45@45»4o; No. 3 white, 44%@454£c; "No.
2 rye. S9V&c; . fair to choice malting barley/
5:»®62c: No. 1 flaxseed, $l-C3; No. 1 northwest
ern. $1 ; 68: prime timothy ' seed. $6 50:- mess
pork/ per bbl, $15 25<ffil5 30; lard, per 100 lba,
$9 20£<9 22;- short ribs sides (loose). f8-2« r >@
8 40; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 7>s@7V'ic;
short clear sides (boxed). $8 tm@8 75. ¦/
'Articles. . Open. High. Low. Close.
• Wheat, No. 2— ',,'., - a . .
May 70?i ' 77 76»,i • 7< ¦
Sepumber',.... . 7«%.. 76% 76 7G%
J U ly 7»5>/j <«V-J '0'/3 <<Ss.
May r . n ;..^.°.'.. J .T «U,i «2',i ' !1 % 02V *
July .•.;¦..:'.•.-...•- 01 W : .:«!%¦ «1 <U?i
September ..'... 00 C0?i 59H 60 .
Oats ' No. "2— ..' .
Jlay .43*71 <¦*% 43% •' 441,5
July SSW..; .-3«9i - .36 36%
September..... 30% -,.--31- 30^ . 31
Mess pork, per bbl — • . / . . . ,
May 15 30 15 47Va 15 30 15 47 VI
July 1 .. '.-..'.. ....15 50 ¦•'" 15 (i2!4 15 45. .15 te' <a
. Lard, per 100 lbs— . .
May ........... 9Mwl 0 47'i .9 32>J fl 37Vi
July .;.....".:.. 0 45 9 50. 9 45 9 50
' Short ribs, per lOO.lbSr-
May ...........' -K - ¦ '8 42^-8 37?i R 42 14
July ..-...:..... 8 50 ;S 62Vi 8 50 ' H 52Vi
September ....'. 8 *12y& 8 C2^ 8 60 ¦-. 8 G2%
Wheat opened lees active and lower to-day,
but PQon' began to feel the strength In corn
and oats and ruled very firm. Cables were dla
ai>polnting and early offerings met with ' low
prices. The I general ru Ins and liberal North
western iccdpts were 'additional bearleh fac
tors. 'Bears l>eean selling pbort at the, outset.
The general business wan npt large, but. #t.
Louis began Hur»Ung strong and the'•"crop
kill«r"- again talked of damage in Kansas, and
Oklahoma. -BtatlHttcal partis made favorably
f f-]ij rl t M Of t i\(' * ' V*J I' COIldi tiOtl* I'Ut trfl*I'T8 W Ilf»
had wold nhort became frightened when they
saw the npurU In corn and oatf and covered.
All told. .the. wheat market was nervous. May
opened .He lower to .unchanged at 7G^<fr<0^e.
Advsncfd to 77c dnd clo*ed firm, %«*%c up, fat
• . • . arm ¦ ¦ , f , . ' ¦ , ' ' i
oa'ts'were active and «horts manifested n'er
vou«n«;«H over the • pro»p«cts of further .cur
talltd movenrtnt. 1 There was' a good commis
sion liouec demand, *ome profttilonal bulling
and the corn strenKth helped the market. May
closed lc higher at 44 Vic. ,
ProvUlorih > wero. utroager on. lighter recelpta
and better price* at the yards, i The- grain
strength aleo helped. - May pork closed 12V4c
up l;ir<l-7»ic higher and ribs 5i^<'.ic advanced.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO,- Feb. 2.?.— Corn was again active
and stemJy and led in : the advance that marKe,!
all pit "trading. Cables, -Email wheat accept
ance« = bvefnlglit and some fair : early buying
etartf.d. bullish sentiment again. To this was
added, the Influence of -the heavy r^lns In'the
Wesf, which, it was argued, wbuld further
embarrass' the country, movement. The com
mission trade was in good volume. Cash peo
ple reported Liverpopr-rnarijcts out.ot lir.s aiiJ
too low. •- There was heavy selling ,. of long
stuff as the market advanced by, local people,
who bought a few days ago. May closed
strong, %@Ti« higher, at 02H#«2 1 / i c. .' .-
l,ast This Last
Pt&tione — 24 Hours. Seaeon. Seasotj.
Fureka 40 3R - 02
Ued Bluff <*» 2 + - cs 5
Sacramento «» »•«* ™£
Pan FrancWco J)» l**» 1JJ-04
FlJJUa • 02 4 .114 !*.B4
:n'Jtp«n'3« > nce <*• . ZM
ian Luis Obtspo OO W.M 2..Ot
:^os Angele« Trace t.J. 13.«fl
<en Ui»go 04 4^01 S.5*
Beans and s Seeds.
i HAY— Wheat, SIO@12 50: Wheat and Oat,
$!)<&12; Oat, ?S@11 : Alfalfa. $S@11; Clover,
$7^0 ; Volunteer, $0 50@0 ; Stock, $6@8 50 ' per
°STRAW— 40@C5c per bale.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $19 50@20 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; jobbing.
S2H 50 1 g20; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal,
$31(232; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50; Mixed
Feed $16@17 50; Cottonseed Meal, $28 50. '•
'¦' Previous prices rule for everything «nder
this head. - The? feeling in .Feedstufts continues
week, while Hay is fairly steady at the quota
tions, with light -receipts. Interior towns ccn
tlnue to draw on the large Hay districts for
bUpplIeS. • • . i
¦ BRAN— $17igl8 per torn . ;
MIDDLINGS— S10 50@20 50 per. ton. •
Hay and Feedstuff s,
. MILLSTUFFh" — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 53. per. 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corp Jdeal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $1; Oat Groats; $3; Hominy,
S4@l 25: Buckwheat Ftonr, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 25: Rolled Oats (.barrels), ?6 S5@8 35;
in sacks, $0 50@8: . Pearl Barley, $5; Split
Peas $5; Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs. >•
• FLOUR— 'California.' Family Extras. $3 50®
•A 75, usual .terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 10@3 50;
Oregon.' $2 75@3 20 per barrel' for family and $3
©3 50 for Bakers' ; Washington Bakera. $3Jp
\, 50/ ¦ . _ - - \ ¦ '¦' ¦¦-'••
Flour and.Millstuffs,
¦ CORN — Chicago advanced and fell' back.
Heavy storms . all over the . Corn States of
Iowa, . Illinois and Missouri were . expected to
further- curtail the movement. St. Louis was
a' large buyer. ¦ Large yellow, fl 35(5 1 60:
small round /o. $1 2o<gl 50; white; $1 35ftl 50
per ctl. ¦,.'¦'¦
RYK— Quoted at S5<590c per ctl. - v • ¦ ,
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at ?1 65 per ctl.
Regular Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The Chicago market was easier and
nervous. The San -Francisco market continued
dull and - featureless. - ¦ CJraySi . ? 1 11- Va (S[i- 1 30:
whites, $1 25<q-142%; Surprise,' $1 40^1 45;
black? SI 12'/»#1 22»i for feed and $1 2?y.f<>
1 3S!i l for;;ceeji; red, $1 STJSSfl 37 }i per ctl
for feed and Jl 35@1 42^5 for seed.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
00c; 20fK>, W/jc; 2000, Wi%c; 2000, Ol^c;
SOOO, 01c. " " .. i-Vi
Informal Session — 1>:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls, 77 He - ' ..
Second Session — December — 4000 ctls, 77?4c;
2000, 7Sc. -
CALL BOARD SALES
to cell, and now ;hat the tax time is practi
cally, over there will be less Inducement for
them to let go. , .
Spot Wheat— Shipping. fMOQUUi: milling.
*1 Viy^il IS per ctl.
. CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9 J5 o'clock — May-r-OOOO
ctls. ?1. 12; 4wq, fl 11%; Hwo, fl 11%; De
cember— 10.000, $1 08%.
• .Second Session— May — 1000 ctln, 1 11% r De
cemberw22.0oo, $1 00. < ' ¦ .
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
*1 12>,i: December— 2000, $1 (»%; to.ooo,
1 0l>!4.
nebular Afternoon Fusion — May — SOOO ctls,
$1 12'£; f>;cember— 2000, fl 00%.
, HAKLKY— Quite a ilctnaml for Austra!lo Is
reiiorted. Street talk Is tu the pfTect that In
clinllt.g the. 1300 tons tak'n out by the Boncma
on the 27tr., something ilk*: 10.000 tons etc to
CO' forward. Freight ,ro<yn <-n the two next
»t<!«merH I. as already been' fengnged. and in
addition some will so forward by sail. Most
of tMs Ib Chevalier, wi<l the nlllns of th: or>
."ir will exhauitt the stock of thla description.
In this market, futures advanced yesterday
and the cavh market- was also In better tone,
with csalo of 250 sacks of choice • Feed at
&2V4c. This figure, however, was considered
1 rather over the general market.
Feed. 02Uc for choice bright, WOc for No. 1
and o5if87'ic for off grades: brewing and ship
ping grades,. 05&97%e; Chevalier,. 05c^?l 20
per <•*'•.
may bo expected alons almost ovuy day from
many regions and In a variety of forms. -
' Tl'la iiitirkft was steady and not materially
Changed.- Country holder? -are stilt disincline!
: WHEAT— Paris futures were lower. Argen
tine crop conditions -were reported Improving.
Shipments from" the Argentine since January 1
amount to 3,102,000 bushels, against 6,412,000
last year. ;• .... • , • . ,.. . -
' Chicago was rather higher on the' day. with
moderate commission buying. All grains were
tirm, and' St. Louis was a good buyer on the
tumor of a reduction In. the i>*rench duty. Re
ports of crop damage, continued to' come In
from Kansas, and the crop -was reported badly
damaged In Oklahoma, where ninny farmers
will plow up their wheat and plant corn. This
Is the season when reports of crop damage
Wheat and Other Grains
¦Bunk Clearings.
ChicagOi Grain Market.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 89
Sterling Cables .....' .;.. — 4 90
New York Exchange,, sight ' — 15
New York Kxchange. telegraphic — 17%
Silver, per ounce .' — ;, 55ls
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ • — 45V&
Exchange and Bullion.
The following: are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, a? compared with those of same date, last
wascm, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
020th Meridian — Pacific Time. 1 )
SAN FRANCISCO. Feb. 2S— 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
ZMint Coinage.
During the month cf February the coinage
in the San Francisco Mint was as follows:
Double eagles. $6,560,000; halJ dollars. $116,000:
total. S6.676.OO0. against S2.*73\l66 during th=
same month In 1301. From July 1 to Oate i the
coinage amounts to |53.$S3.52S. «?»">« ** J -
421,893 during the same period In 1J00-01.
¦¦ WASHINGTON". Feb. 2S— To-day's' state
ment of the Treasury- balances: In" the general
fund, exclusive of the $150.000. 000, gold reserve
In the division of redemption, shows:- Avail
able cash balances,- *175,36!»,(i73;- gold ¦•> $8*> -
Condition of the Treasury
/NEW TORK, Feb. ' 28:— ManejGo.n/ call was
steady at 2Vi@3 percent ; closWoffered.' at 2
per cent; prime; -mercantile- paper, • 4@4'V4 per
cent; sterling exchange .was .flfm, ' with actual
business In bankers' . bllla. "at "|4 87»<@;4 S7«i
r*t,2 6m £ n *« ana H $ * £ 5V+ for :¦**& We:: ported
Si!vS?i*^i" nd V** 8SVi; • commercial bills.
?4*494@4h5^; bar. silver. 55i6c; Mexican
dolUre, 4a-.'ic; . bonds— Government, steady;
Btate, inactive; railroad, irregular.
Nezv York Money' Market
EGGS — Ranch, 16®17c for selacted large
and 10c. foe good to choice; store. 14@15c per
dozen/ - •." .-¦ :
BUTTER — Creamery. 29c per lb for fancy.
28c for firsts and 27@-27t4c *° r seconds; dairy.
22*327 l-jc: store Butter, 17@10c per pound-.
CHEESE— New, ll%c; old. 10@Uc; Young
America, 12@13c; Eastern, 13@15c per lb.
Receipts were 41,900 pounds, — -tubs and
4 cubes of Butter; 1883 cases of Eggs>, 18,050
pounds of California Cheese. 450 pounds of Or
egon Cheese and I pounds of Eastern
Cheese.. •' '
There are two conflicting forces in the Egg
market at present. One consists of those deal
ers who are content to follow the market down,
letting it fall of Its own weignt: the other con
sists of a number of large houses who want to
make a yuick job of the decline, and by forcing
the market down get it as soon as possible to
a point where they can put the goods Into cold
storage and thus clear, the decks and Improve
the rltuatlon. They argue that the market has
got to drop to that point In two or three days
at furthest, and the sooner the job Is done the
better it will lie for the market. These dealers
yesterday offered to sell any quantity from 100
cases down at 14@15c. The other dealers wero
asking 15(fj 17c . for i ranch, though sales above
3 tic were few, and close buyers were not dis
posed to "pay even 16c except for small lots.
Unless another stormy- period sets In the de
cline ia likely to continue for several days- yet.-
The Kxchange made another reduction, quot
ing 14c for gathered and 14®15c for ranch.
Everybody Is complaining about the sudden
large increase in the supply of Eggs, which
has demoralized ' the market. There are large
pilea in the ¦ commission houses, and they are
steadily growing.' Quotations wired to the
north are turneU down, replies such -as "2c too
high," "lc too high, "^ . etc.," being
The local demand ia utterly inadequate to ab
sorb the current .receipts, hence stock3 are ac
cumulating and prices are declining.
Butter continues scarce and firm, most deal
ers being cleaned up. With settled weather
stocks will undoubtedly increase, hence deal
ers, aa already mentioned, are indisposed to
'advance quotations. There is nothing new in
Cheese.- . ' .
Butter, Cheese' and -Eggs
Produce Exchange Sales, ;
Produce Exchange Call Board sales In Feb
ruary vere 84.100 tons wheat and 44,200 tons
barley, making total E&lee thus far this crop
year of ES0.100 tons wheat and 100,700 tons
barley. . . ..
Bank Clearings.
Local bank clearings In February were $SS.-
B1S.S51. against $79.C67.6S3 for February. 1901.
For th# first two months of the. year they were
$l»4.Ose.l«*. acair.se J170.210.S23 last year. Wa
are s-tartlne eft well with the new year.
Customs Rcc.tpU.
Receipts of duties on Imports at the custom
hous» during the month . of Februtry were
*508.20!>. making the total receipts elncp Janu
ary 1 tl.Sti.M5.
Total rales 414,400 shares.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg 1O8',£ L & N IIni'4s.. .101U
Do ref 2s coup..lOfl Mex Cent 4s... 82=5!
Do 3s reg 109 Do 1st inc 31
Do 3s coup.... .109 Minn & St L 4s 106
Do new 4s reg. .13»U M K & T 4s 0914
Do new 4s coup.139 V4 Do 2ds 83
Do old 4s reg... 11 l'i N Y Cent Ists. . .103%
¦ Do old 4« coup.. 112 Mt Do gen 3>>s 10ft -
Do 5s reg 106Va N J Cent gen 5s. 137
I>o 5« coup 106Vi Northern Pac 4s 105U
Atchison gen 4*.. .104% Do 3 743?
Do adj 4s 93»i N & W con 4s...iO3ii
Bait & Ohio 4s... 104 Reading Gen 4s.. 9»4t
Do 3&g . 05 SL&IMcon Ss.lisS
Do conv 4s..... 107% S L & S F 4s.... m
Canada Sou 2ds..llO% S LSW lsts.... osu.
CentofGa5s 110JA Do 2ds 791'j
Do 1st inc 79 SA&»\Pass4s. 92
Ches & Ohio 4»4s.lO»% Southern Pac 4s. 95
Chic & A 3«4s... 84 Southern Ry 5s.. 120%
C B & Q new 4s. »5% Tex & Pac lstS..120il
C M & S P gen 4s.ll3% Tol St L & W 4s. R5
C & NW con 5s..ll8«« Union Pac 4s....lO(5>i
C R I & P 4s 110% Do «onv 4s 1057i
CCCtSt L gen 4s.lO3% Wabash lsts. . . ..llfl
Chic Ter 4s .. 87'/i j Do 2ds ...Ill
Colo & Sou 4s... 84 Do Deb B..-..Y. 74
TJ A R G 4s ..102% West Shore 4s.. . .112^4
Erie prior lien 4ts. 99 Wh & L. -E 4s... f»3%
Do Gen 4s 87?i Wis Cent 4k 89%
F W & D C lst«..114 Con Tob 4b 05^
Hock Val 4V 3 s...l09 - . •• ,. '*
N'EW TORK MINING STOCKS.' ';,.:.
Adams Con........ 50 Little Chief... i»
Alice :....*. 45 Ontario .7 75
Breece '40 Ophlr ........100
Brunswick Con... . 07 Phoenix... 09
Comntock Tunnel.. O0V1 Potosl-.. 00
On Cal & Va .1 25 Savage 06
Dead wood Terra... 50 Bier ra Nevada 11
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes, 40
Iron Silver 08 Standard .........3 30
Leadvllle Con 251 .. '
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. J
Money — . (United Fruit...,. 88%
"all loans 3tj4 %V'estngh Com..... 8S -
Time loans 4®4',Tt Mining-
Bonds — • Adventure 22.
Atchlson 4g 102 Allouez ' 3%
Gas lets 85 Amalgamated ... 70V«
Mcx Cent 4s...... 81. Baltic 47^4
N K G ft Coke. . . 57 ' BIngham 23 •
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla.610
AtfhUon ..:.. 75U Centennial 17>$
Vo |>fd 5*6 % Copper Range... . 71
Boston & Albany. 2V» Dominion Coal... 87',i
Boston & Maine.. 101 Franklin 14 tf '
already down to the modett showing of $12.
4SO,tioO. tbe money outlook wernp somewhat
formidable for Epeculators on margins who are
dependent upon the call loan market for accom
modation with which to carry their holdings.
¦ Xh« day ¦ net lossev run over -a point for
some of the important stocks.
fc!230 000 nd market was dun - Total sales.
L'nlted States 2s were unchanged
NEW YORK STOCK LIST
Stocks — - Sales. High. Low. Clr.se.
Atch.son s ..:., v . ... 4.<W0 , 7« 75$, 75%
AtehlEon pfd i>00 07 98Tb - |>6U
Baltimore & Ohio.. 23,100 305 103ti KKi'ti.
Ealt & Ohio pfd.... 200 »4U J»4>4 O3*i
Canadian Pacific... 3,500 ur.ji, usL nr..'~
Canada Southern... 000 87U ' $7 - 87 •
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,500 4«H .4« 4«J -
Chicago &• Alton.:.. 1.200 3<1 .'354, 3>i .
Chic & Alton pfd.. «oo 75»i ' 79% - 75«-4
Chicago Ind & L. . 2,100 «4»i Kty, 63a?
Chic lnd & L pfd : . 200 75M, 7I» 78 "¦
Chicago & E Ul... S.r.00 149»i 14S 147^
Chicago & «t West 1.700 24% 23 T i ' &5V,
Chic & GtW A pfd 0,200 SS S7V- S7V4
Chic & GtW B pfd. 100 ' 4ra * 46% : '4tj'
Chicago &.N"rthwst 2.300 215U 2Hi
Chicago R I & P.. . i.400 1HI% 1«1 ' - . 1811/i
Chicago Trra & Trn :;00 17H - 17 17
Chic Trm & Tr pM «00 :;a»i - k 31%/ 31 '-j
c c c 4 st L ;}oo ioi >£ ioi loo 1^
Colorado Southern. 10.100 22% 22 :22%
Colorado So let pfd 1,100 OJHj, »«=*_ «S>i
Colorado' So 2d pfd 2,200 36T6 - 30%v^36M
Delaware & Hudsn J»00 172>i ¦ tfl% 171 %
XJela Lark & West. • :/...' ..... 2S3
Denver * R Orande ''.... 43
Peiiv & R Grde-pfd 10<j !»2Vi ¦ O2'i ilUi
Ertc ¦:;-."......".• 7,100 315-u "' ' 3SVi "- -W*
Erie. 1st pfd . . . . 300 CS'.j t-SVi . OSU.
Erie IM pfd ': SOU W W>t 55^
Great .Northern, pfd. 400 I«U lSt . l$b'~
Jiockirg Valley. ... ¦ 100 <J6'i 00^ C6t<
Hocking Val pfd.. -.-"¦ .... - ,s3Vj
Illinois Central..".. 4'X> 1384. 1SSL, I:I4<Z
Iowa Central.. ' l,:;oo 4NV» 47* t '47 1£
Jcwa Central pf«i.. SOO SO 7»'- 78 Vi
Lake Erie & Weft. lOO «7 67 06^.
L Erie & Wwt -pfd -. .".'.'." 131 '"
Louis & Nashvillo. l;2w H)4 W3K iOS'-s
Manhattan L 2,300 133$£-M?2% l''-'- 1 -
Metropolitan St Ry 1,00") lczt>^ i»;svi lCSVi
Mexican Central... 1.100 2s4, 27",*, 27%
Mexican National.. 2,4»J0 I7M 17^ 17>-»
Minn .1- St Louis 2«K»., lOJS'i K»i«S HISC
Mi'scuri Pacific li.20rt 100M. 09U 00*-'.
ilo Ktns & Texay.. 4W 24^ 24% ¦ 24 "
Ma Kans & Tex pM 200 M'i, S1U 54U
Nov.- .Ien=py Central ..:.. ....' ¦...'. 192 <
New York Central. ri.Oft) Hi2 3 * ifiU'i li)2'«
Norfolk & Wetrttrn 12.300 5K>j r,7!t 57«{
Norfolk & \V(»t pfd 200 fK) 00 !HI
Ontario & WMlern l.S<y> '¦!:''?* :«>- 4 33L
Ponnsylvanla 7.7OU 151 150 iso«i
Tl-iadlng 16,iK)0 MK .%5V» .;&u
)U-ad:ng l»t pfd... <W» Sl^J ho&; SOV
Itftcrtlng 2d pfd 7,W»o c«ia (571Z ur*.
St l^oule & p V. ... Cl» «,r)ij (K) " v.,i,l
8t L Hi £ r l«t prd MX) *« M K3
Ht L He H V 2<1 i>td. :m» -,2K 72»i 7-JK
Kt Ijjv.-.h Houthwert ••'»
Pt I* Swjurn pfd 2O0 M' r.7i-i 5~»'.
Ht Paul I'ifd 1 jgj,"
Bouthrrn PaeffJc... '."J.'ort 04^, WL «»
Southern Railway.. 2.500 32'. .'!2'i ."2'i
Southern Ky pfd... J.'Whi 'M !>.Vi v5'i
Toledo St L «- U>»t .-..7«K) 232 >siii -j-irj
Tol Kt L it W pfd 5.00W ,n% 40t,i 4uC
1;nlon Pacific 2fl.Jciu 'w% S»8% • ~\i»%
Lnion Pacific pfd. J.COu S7'i K7 si
W,.bc*h t .fd 3,000 *:>.$. «* 4»K
V»'h»ellng fc L E... 700 1»»i I9U 191/
W & L K 2d pfd.. 11x1 ::2 H2 ;:li~
¦W'i«con»!n Central. iunt 'J.W3 ai ' "*1
Wl»ton Cen pfd... Ooo 43 A2% 4";j;
Expreti Ccmpcnl^i—
Adams y%
American ; •>••)
rnited States " J^
Wells Fargo ' 191,
MiFcellaneous —
Amal Copper 32.5«H( 71%, 7o>i 7o'»i
Amer Car & F 1.200 29>* 28% 2««A
Amer C ic V pM. . . 1,300 f*% &g' gg&
Amer LInp«ed Oil.. 2,200 22' / , "2 "\u
Amer L Oil pfd .' 49 "*
American Loco... 500' 31*; 31 'i '31 '4
American Loco pfJ loo t»2>, 92«'. f«"
Amet Smelt k R.. l.aoo 47'^ 47" ic-y,
Amer S & R pf<J.. 300 :»8% 98 -i :»8ii
Anaconda Min Co. . 1.30W ;j3Sj 33 -oj^
Brooklyn r % Tran.. 15.300 ««' C4K cav.
Colorado F & Ijon. 1,700 86 V. 86 ' h!j
Consolidated Gie.. 1,000 219'i °19 "ik
Con Tobacco pfd .. jj?
General Klectric... 400 295^ 2»5* 'TI2
Gluccce Sugar 100 43% *3V t ~i3K
international Paper 800 V)% 20%
Internat Paper pfd 1.200 75V4 75. :. 75
Internal Power j. ( j
' Laclede- Gas ,'^;;/.| f«o
National Biscuit... • 8O0 47a; 47" 'nn.
National Lead 500 17>i 17V4 17"
National Salt As
National Salt pfd ; :'.";««
North American... . 100 94 94" '" -9314
PaciAc Coast y> ' 2
Pacific Mall 100 46*i 48»j ¦<«%
People's Gas 700 100 09» 4 <MK
Pre»f*d S Car 100 39% noil 40 u
Pressed S Car pfd. 400 - S3>4 83 S*>?i
Pullm.in P Car . : . . . . «j 9 *
Republic Steel 1,300 . 1S% 16H 16U
Republic Steel pfd. 4O0 * 71>,4 71 711/
Sugar 6.800 129% .12814 129%
Tenn C & Iron.... 4,200 69',i 67?i 67^
Union B & P Co lifl
U B & P Co pfd " 77*
U S Leather 700 IH4 1114 iiv
V S Leather pfd... 300 Sl«ft 81 vl SI14
U S Rubber r.OO l«i£ 15>/, i r ,i7
\: S Rubber pfd... 100 57 57 551?
V 8 Steel 2B.40O 43% 43^ 4:h'i
U S Steel pfd 21,000 »5«4 94.^ 0474
Western Union.... 300 90 ',4 \ 90'4 «'jo£
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Giant Powder Co. has declared dividend 39
of 7o cents per share. • - - .
OREGON.
Potatoes, sks... 400 '
WASHINGTON.
Potatoes, sks ... 300 1
FEBnrARY 2S
Flour, qrnks.... 35,56» I Middlings, sks.. > 22S
Wheat, ctls..... 76,033[ Tallow, ctls... . 2S-"*
Barley, ctls 44.775! Sugar, ctls...... l,52n
Oats, ctls 465 Pelts bdls.;.... tw
Corn, ctls 550|HIde9. No 15t
Beans, aks..... • 10 leather, rolls... 203
Potatoes, sks... 1,152 Wine, gals 30 8<V»
Onions, sks 65 Quicksilver fiks 61
Has. tons 314 [Lime, bbls IZS
Straw, tons...:. 15 1
FOR FRIDAY,
Receipts of Produce.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sotind
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: _
CATTLE— Steers. 8^S9c: Cows and Helf«r».
6% ©7 He: thin Cows 4S5c per lb.
CALVES — Hj'goc per lb (gross wetgMX
SHEEP— Wether*. 4@4^c; Ewes, 2^®4c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Sucking Lambg. $2 50@2 73 per
head, or 5^(6 6c per lb. live weight: yearling*,
4'A«5c per lb. •
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lhs and" under R^
6^c; 200 lbs and over. 5%®5%c; feeders. SV-e;
*ows. 2O per cent oft; boars.- 30 per cent off.
and stags, 40 per cent off from th« above quo
tations.
¦Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers*
are as follows:
v BEEF— «^@7Vic for Steers and &g6tte per lb
VEAL-^-Large. 7@Sc; smalt. S@!>c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%®S»ic; Ewes. 7'',<3Se
per pound. *¦= .* .__.j»
t kAMB-^ Yearlings. 8® 10c per lb; Spring
Lamb. 12%c per lb. . .
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7Vs®9c P«r lb.
DRESSED MEATS
Both live and dressed stock are steady at
the revised quotations.
San Francisco Meat Market.
EVAPORATED- APPLES — The evaporated
apple market was neglected to-day, but a
statement of desirable stock- on hand Is none
too liberal. The tone, was generally steady.
There were no changes In quotations. State,
common-. -to good, 7@"9ic; prime, ogOUc;
choice. ft^@lOc; fancy. 10Vi@llc.
Apricots and peaches are having an active
demand and are firmly held. Prunes are
steady, with a moderate movement of'quota
tions. - • • • •.. t
pitUNES—3%@e*;c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10<S14cr Moornark, 10(?
lSJbC. " ' ¦' '-'¦'¦¦ ¦ ¦'¦¦- -- ¦ .,'¦¦ *'¦
PEACHES—Peeled, t 14(S18c: unpeeled, 8©
9iiC. ¦ . ¦*'¦ -¦ - -.' • - ; '• ;¦ ¦ ¦
DRIED FRUITS
•k : \ ; ... - .- ;
NEW YORK. Feb. i 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,950 barrels; exports. 09C0 .barrels. Dull
again,' but. steady. Mlnneeota patents, $3 SO
@4. - - ¦-;'.¦¦:¦¦
WHEAT— Receipts,. 104,500 bushels. Spot
firm. No. 2 red, 87Jic t. o. b.. afloat; No., f l
red, S8?ic elevator:- No. 1 Northern Duluth,
85»/.c f. o. b.i afloat; No.. 1 hard Manitoba,
K8%c f o. b. "afloat. An early trend toward
lower prices in wheat. Influenced by favorable
weather news, gave way later to .moderate
strength and advance on the higher course of
grains, covering and reports of lower tempera
tures in the Northwest. Tho * close was firm
at Vic net advance. March, 81 Tic to 82^ic,
closed 82>ic; May. '*2«@S2,15-16c. . closed
HZfic; .July closed ,S!5»c; September, SOy B @
Sl'ic cloeed 81%C. ... -
HOPS— Firm. - (
HIDKS— Quiet. rr -.'¦¦¦¦
WOOL— Dull. ' ' . . , C1 ¦. .
S-UOAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 9o test, o r ;ic; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Retlned w^s ijalet. ¦ " , . , .
COFFEE — Hpot Rio, . aulet: No. 7 Invoice.
5"i,c; mild quiet; Cordova, 8@12c. 'Futures
cl'oAea steady, but only 5 to. 10 points -net
higher " Total Fales were 28,200 bass, includ
ing": March. 5.30<S5.50c; April, 5.&0@5.60o:
May, O.oCaCiGOc; July, 5.70c; September, 5. W
@5.!>5e; October, 0.05c; November, 6.05c: .De
cember, "'6.1 OS 6. 20c; January, 6.15@ti.25c. ., •
iNczv York Grain and Produced
¦ . , . -¦-..¦ 1 . - -¦.
Marked gain in local bank clearings last month.
Ucal Mint coined $6,676,006 in February.
\'o further change in financial quotations.
Wheat steady. Oats, Corn and Rye 'quiet.
Large line of Barley booked for Australia.
Hay and Feedstuff s as before quoted.
Light movement in Beans. Seeds still dull.
B niter continues cleaned u/\ Cheese in fair supply. '
Eggs demoralized under heavy stocks.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions higher at Chicago and inactive here.
ll'ool, Hops and Hides unchanged.
Live and dressed Meats as previously 'quoted.
Potatoes and Onions quiet and weak.' Asparagus lozivr
Poultry and Game steady and in fair demand.
Apples and Oranges selling very well.
House Coals still scarce. . Steam Coals plentiful
Copper fell 11* to £54VS, a ton in anticipation
or a bad statement as to statistics on lion
day. - Copper stocks were unaffected. ' ¦
: The^ settlement was successfully completed
to-day, but the public failed to respond. There
Is. general stock market stagnation, which Is
quite likely to laat until after Easter. Kaffirs,
however, spurted on the street after the close
of the exchange on news of. the capture of 600
Boers, including De Wet's eon. American
shares are asleep.
) ¦: NE.W..TORK.. Feb. 2S.— The Commercial Ad. (
yertiBrira London says: ¦.-".;
London Market,
a« j.refcl ....... p»i{. ,j o prefd : . .- 02Vi
Bait A Ohio HK)% Ont & Western.. :«',!
tan PaclHo . iujij Soutliprn Ry .... ."."%
Ches & Ohio 47»4 : do prefd ....... :m
Chi Gt Western.. 25 Houthern Pacific. . (HJ&
C:.M & St Paul: 1.107 Union Pacific ,..10lti
D&-R O 45 do prefd ... i>0 .
= do prefd a«»A (; s steel .... 44%
tr 'e .--.... ZU\>, Ho P.refd .' 07"tt
i <1o 1st prefd 7O»1 Wabaah 24'A
do 2d prwfd..... C*- do-preM 42+i
III Central- ....;. 142H Spanish 4s J7»i
Laute ..&' <Kash.". .10C>^ \ , -. '
; ,!Ur sih-er, quiet. 25% d per. ounce.
Money, 2H<S3 per cent-- ¦ '. *¦
-Th© rate nf. discount. in the open market for
(short bills Ir 2% percent.- ' ••¦
The rate of discount in :the.open market for
thr«e njonths" bills is 2% per cent. ., .
Howton Elevated.. 1 01 "/..lisle Royale 20%
N Y N H & H... 21214 Mohawk ''¦¦ •'»
Htrhburg pfd. : . .HoUoid Dominion.... 21%
'¦n'un Pac. . .'. . . ;. 05% Osceola 75
«. C 1 ntr n' 27 '% Parrot 32
Miscellaneous— .Qulncy 137
Am i ! Sugar ,..12SU Kanta Fe Copper. '-i%
1)0 pfd... UHUj Tamarack 230
¦Am Tel & Tel... 155 Trimountaln 105
Dom Iron & gteel'. 33% Trinity »• . 13
Gen hlectrlc.,.,.. SM United StatC«.I>. 17%
ai ""« Klectrlc 30 Utah • • 23»J
u I w, p C d pSt4 V Ictorla . ft-V.
I) h btoel 43 Wolverine 52.
Do pfd »47^
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Connoln for money 04$,, M Kan & Tex... 2i»s,i
¦ <lo for aect .... 1*1% do prefd ....:.. 50»,i
Anueonda c^ N Y Central HHiVi
Atrhlson 70% Norf & Western .. 38M
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Iron and steel are quieter on the surface, but
consumption remains undfmlniBhed. The heavy
break- in. wheat prices at the close of last week,
contrary to expectations, did not bring to light
the reported large waiting business on export
account. Toward the, close short- covering was
forced despite the heavy primary movement, on
reports tl»at the growing winter wheat crop
wa» Buffering, having lo*t it» covering of
enow. Hog .products have b«:n irregular In
sympathywlth grain. • ... .
Wheat Including flour exports for tho week
aggregate 3,234,540 bushels, against 3,609,435
buSclB last week and 5,233.313 bushel* In this
week last year. .Z^iTl * •
Wheat exports from July 1. 1001, to. date ag
grrgatn l*0,l<W.433 bushels, against 13^248,678
buchels last seawn. />
Wool »H steady with supplies held within
""puaTnil? 'failures in the United States for the
wpek number 204. as against 228 last week,
177 In this week last year and 173 In 1000.
Canadian failures for the week number 27,
against 24 last week, 28 In this week a year
ago and 20 In ,1900. :•"¦ ¦ " ¦
¦Current demand Is of good volume for this
season of the year, .while, business oii< spring
account goes forward in, large volume. ' ,'
NEW YORK, Feb. 28. — Bradstreet's to-mor.
row will say: / • ' • ' ' r-;'
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
of the market pro tern. Another cargo of Ea«t
Oreta comes to the dock to-day: this Is a very
fair coal for stove us>es: Steam grades axe
moving off freely, considering thf quantity of
fuel oil being consumed by three-fourths of all
the factories in the city and around the bay.
The gas companies are dropping bituminous
coals entirely out of their methods for light
producing, using anthracite only, with oil a4
an adjunct.. They find the latter the most im
proved and economical method. Freights from
Australia and England on coal still remain
low. which proves that freights all' over the
world are weak, and ships are. not In active .de
mand. Steamer* are now- doing the carrying
trade everywhere." *
OIL — California Cantor Oil. In case* No. 1.
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. in barrels', boiled.
7Uc; raw. 74c; cases. 5c more; Lucol. 6«c for
boiled and 64a for raw. in barrens; Lard Oil
extra. whiter strained, barrels. 83c; cases. 8Oc:
China. Nut.. C7Vi«<Wc per gallon; pure Neau
foot.- In -barrels, 70c: c-anen, 7Ic; Sperm pun*
«3c; Whale Oil. natural white. K^i.lOe per gal
ion; FUh Oil. barr»la, 42 He: cases. 47 Uc:
Coccanut Oil. barrels. Wic for Ceylon iini
58'ic for Australian. -
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl OH, «n rasca. 20c; Aitral 20c-
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 2»c; Elaine. 25o: Eocene
22c: deodorized *tove Canotine. In balk ISc-'tn
cases, Zl'/ic; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; Jn ca«e».
2U%c; SW-degre*. Gasoline, in bulk. 20c: In
cases, 2O',ic
TURPENTINE— «7c per gallon la case* and
61c In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar IXIninjc Com
pany quotes, per Ib.'ln 100-il> bags: \ -
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed 4 00c
Powdered. 4.73c: Candy Oranulatml. 4,75c; I>ry
Granulated, "4. C5c; <'onfectloner»' A. 4 «5cj
Fruit Granulated. 4.65c; Bset Granulated riOO-
Jb bags only). 4. We; Magnolia A. 4.25c: Extr»
C, 4.15c; Golden C, 4.05c: D, 3.03c: barrels.
10c moje: half- barrels. 23c more; boxes. COa
more; 50- lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less t ham 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Domlnos, half-barrela, 5.15c; boxes. 5 4Qo
per lb. * - •
CANNED GOODS— Shipments by sea from
this port in Janucry wr-ro 21,690 cases, against
!>1.99O during the same month lant year Of
these Great Britain took only 60 cases, against
frl.024 last year. Tc matots are nrni. with 81
quoted for 2',i-lb standarda, and the future
pack sold up. .
GAME— Hare. $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush;' Gray Geese, ${;
White Geese, $ig;i 25; Brant, 51 25@2 per
dozen; Honkers; $3@5; English Snipe, S3; Juck
S«i«p, $2; Robins, nominal.
' • POULTRT-r-LJvo Turkeys,'vl3g:l4c lor Gob
hlers and lr.iBlCc for Hens ;' Geese, per pair.
SI 50SI 75: Goslings, J2®2 25n Ducks. $4 5Q®
5.M for old and $6 5007 50 for young; Hens
*4 50^5 50; young Roosters. $7@8; old Roosters,
$4@4 50;' Fryers, $H@6 T>0:OBroIlers. .$5 5'wj t> f or
large and $4@4 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 50 per
dozen for old and $2 75*23 for Squabs. ' >J.
There was no Easern Poultry placed "on the
market yesterday and there .wjll be no more
until . next, week. . Receipts of California" were
more liberal than on the previous : day, t>ut
themarkpt wa» in good shape and all kinds
sold readily, .at the quotations. ;. • ¦'
¦ ; The .demand for Game was a little more
brisk and the market cleaned up..' Twenty
hacks came In. ' •'• ¦. . * • ' ¦ ."•
Poultry- and Game
-Uplands, 4 21-32d
v. Receipts- of wheat during the past three
days were 234,000 ' centals,' Including 133,000
American," •
COTTON
LIVERPOOL, Feb. . 28.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Parl«, weakr . French country mar
kets, steady; weather in England, showery.
HOPS — Pacific Coast, firm,. £3 10s@£4 10»,
LONDON. Feb. "¦ 28.— Consols, 04%; gilve'r.
2r>%(l: French rentes, lOlf 40c; wheat cargoes
pn passage, quiet and Steady; No. 1 standard
California. 30s : Walla AValla, 20s 3d; English
country markets, firmer. ' i
Foreign Markets,
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Feb. 28.— Wheat unchanged. Blue
stem, 60c; club, 65c. - \ •: ,
• ' PORTLAND. Feb. 28.— Walla '-Walla.. 65«£@
eOJic: bluestem. C(54ii56"c; valley.' 6i5@t!6c.
¦ Cleared — Steamer Thyra. for Hongkong, with
51.1*08 barrels of flour; French bark Bosquet, for
Cape Town, with 111.S07 bushels of wheat.
OREGON
Northern Wheat "Market
SEATTLE, -Feb. " 28.— Clearings, $567,180;
balances, $]JJ1.100. ' v ' -~ •;
TACOMA, Feb. 2S.~ClearinBa, '5192,500: bal
ances. 51!»,»O7. , • : •-
SPOICANB. Feb. :> 23.— Clearings. ?215,112;
balances, $13. Oi'C. ¦ ¦ :•' . ¦ .C-.
PORTLAND, Feb. 28.— Clearings, $372,750
balances, JfGu.SGfl,..-.- ' .. . ¦- ., ¦."-.¦ ¦ ;
Northern Business.
From Puzet Sound: Wheat— To 'Europe.
1,551,407 bushels; to Africa. ltO.83tt bushels;
total, 1,063,243 bui«heln. Flour— To Orient and
South America, N7,r."»0 barrels : • Africa. 10,000
barrels; to San Francisco, 7572 barrels; total,
1H.1.-I1 barrels. . ,; .
Total from Portland <11S,C17 barrels of flour
Included), .-1,077,825 -bushels; total .from.'Puiret
Sound (114.JS1 barrels of flour included),v2,175,
833 bushels. . ¦ • ¦'¦:...,¦
From Portland: Wheat — To Kurooe, 1,032.
341 burfcels; to South Africa, 111,807 bushels;
total, 1,144,011) bushels. . Flour— To .Orient and
Siberia. 104,140 barrels; to San Francisco, 14,
477 barrels; total. 118.017 barrels.
ments.
i
POIfTLAND, Feb. 28.— The Merchants' Ex
dmnaf issued the following table of wheat and
flour shipment* from Portland and from Pu'get
Sound for tho month ot. February:
V^orthan Wneai and Flour Ship-
• HOGS— Receipts, 4500: 10@15c higher. Light
and light mixed,. $5 60<9«10; medium and
heavy. $5 OOifjiU 40; pigs. $3 WVg5.
HHEEP — Receipts, 2400; steady. Western
Iambs, $D 50^0 lib; Western Bheep, $4@q.
ST." JOSEPH. , Mo./ Feb. 28.—CATTLE-r-Re
eeiptB,'600; market steady. Natives, $4 40®
6 90; cows and heifers, $1 75@5 50; veals, $3 50
®« 50; stackers and feeders. $2 50@4 25.
ST. JOSEPH
6.S5; Tough" heavy,' $5 40iffC 20; light, $5 75©
5 00 ; bulk of sales, $5 90@6 25. , V
• SHEEP— Receipts, "4000; steady to lower.
Good to choice wethens. $4 6505 25; fair to
choice mixed, $3 80@4 50; Western sheep, $4 20
&5 00; native Iamb's.1 $5 75@6 40; lambs. $5 25<g)
0 40. ..•¦:¦-. i
riil ted "States, against 179 last year, and. 35. In
Canada, against 31 last. year.
THE SAX FRANCISCO GALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 1, 1902.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
The" demand for Beans continues l't,ht,
though dealers say that about two cara per,
day are being sent out to the Southwest, which
is better than nothing. The local demand^ is
insignificant. Prices stand, about as before.-
BEANS— Bayos. ?2 35@2 60: Small White,
52 DOffiS 15; ..Large White. $2 65<g2 75; Pea,
53 50® 4; Pink. $1 0062 '20; Red. $2 75®3:
Blackeye/ $3" 75@4: Llmas f> $4 4O@4 60; Red
Kidneys, $3 85®4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste -' $2 6o@2 75; Yel
low Mustard/ $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary. 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah,
fl@yy.>c; Calltornia. SSSVic: Rape. ' l&@2Uc;
Hemp. 3%c Der lb. : ¦-.,-¦
DRIED PEAS— Nominal. -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There. was very little business in the Potato
market yesterday and tho. market was dull and
weak, although prices \ were' unchanged. The
steamer ..due from Oregon to-day is expected to
bring large 'supplies. , One car of Sweet Pota
toes camb In. ¦-.¦•'/¦ ;|
The- Onion market , la quiet and previous
prices ,rule. : •¦• '¦'-'>¦ ¦ '¦¦' ' ¦
.•Offerings of, ; Asparagus, were liberal and
CHICAGO
CHICAGO. Feb. 2S.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2500: slow-, .and steady;' good -to" prime
steers, $6 50@7: poor to".' medium, $4®
440; stockers and feeders, $2 25@3; cowe. $1 25
@5: 9 heifers, $2 25flJ5 25: canners, , $r 25«2 25
bulls. $2 5004 60; calves, $2 50<&6; Texas fed
steers. $4 20$5 75. * .' -' ; vt
: IHOQS-'-RecelptB* 21 ,000: Uo-morrow. - 20,000
e»tlmated: left-. over. 1 4000. vilixed and'butch
era.' $5 S5Q0 35; ; good ¦ to choice heavy, f 6 25®
on Page Thirteen.
11
Bradstrcet's. oh. Trade.
prices were slightly lower. " Some extra' fancy
stock brought over the. quotations In a few
instances. • Receipts of Rhubarb were eight
boxes and 'the quotations were easily obtained, 1
as one house received all that. came to hand.
Prices on Los Angeles Vegetables ¦ were un
changed, with the exception of Peas, which
were a shade firmer. Mushrooms continue in
liberal supply and weak.
POTATOES— $l"10@l 35 for Burbank« from
the river; Oregon BurbanUs, $1 25@l 60; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles, $1 35@l CO; River Red*.
$1 60@l 00; Early Rose, for seed. $1 50@l 75;
email Burbanks. for seed, $1 25@l 45; Sweets.
$1 4<) for Merced. . ¦•• ¦¦¦ . : '
ONIONS— Oregon*.- $1 75@2 15. first hands:
Australian. Wn'.l 25; Green Onions, OO^tiSc
per box. 1 ....
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 10^18c per lb:
Rhubarb, 10®12c; Urcen Peas, from Ix>» An
geles, CtfOc; String Beans, from Los Angeles,
iodise, including Wax; Cabbage. 40@50c P«r
ctl:- Los Angeles Tomatoes. Jlftl -."> per box
and fl 23<j»l 78 per crate; Mexican Tomatoes.
$1 25® l 60 per box for repacked: Dried Pep
pers, 12H@15c per lb: Los Angelea do, Wa
l"%c; Pried Okra. 12>,J@15c per lb; Carrots.
"5i&50c"pcr sack; Hothouse Cucumber*. $l@t 25
per dozen for large and 50ijJ75c for small; Gar
lic, HiHitlib; Los Anceles Green- Peppers, 12V4
<q20c; Mexican do. 10«J12V4c; Egg' Plant from
Los Angeles,' ; Summer Squash from Los
Angeles, $t 75; Marrowfat Squash. $8®10 per
ton: Hubbnrd Squash, IS-g 10; Mushrooms. 25c
tf/51 00 per box. - ; • ••• . . .
: BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July. 6c; San
Quentln, $5 55;! Wool Bags," S2@35c; Fleece
Twine; 7H(g8c. .•¦-••-.
; COAX. — Wellington, $3 per - ton; SouthflelS
"Wellington. $9: Seattle, $6 SO: Bryant.' $8 r>0-
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 .50; Wallsend. $S 50;
'Co-operative Wallsend,. $3 50; Cumberland. $K
in bulk end 513 25 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. : "Welsh Anthracite. - $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per. ton in "bulk
and $17 in sacks; Kocky Mountain descriptions.
$3 45 per. 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand." "
Harrison's circular siys: "During the -week
there havt> been two. coal arrivals from Wash
ington, 4000 tons; two from British Columbia,
SWO tons; one from Australia. 2657 tons; one
from Cardiff. 3002 tons; total." 13.300 tons.
Light arrivals for the past, few weeks have
served to. diminish stocks in yards, in some
"cases there Is very little on hand. The require:
raents. for house purposes are urgent and Job
bers and retailers- are- sadly In need of materfaf
to fill orders and their condition will not be bet
tered this season. 'Wellington is absolutely out
Local stocks and bonds were quiet and fea
tureless in the morning, but developed activ
ity In the afternoon, with higher prices for tho
following stocks: Gas and Electric, $-14^13;
Alaska Packers, * $163 50: Spring Valley
Water, $S7<gSS 50: Market Street Railroad, $37.
There was considerable irregularity • in Spring
Valley .Water, ¦y.-' : f; ,
The oil stocks were, dull and unehanetd. -
x Pacific Coast Borax was ex-dividend of %\
or $19,0<!0. yesterday. . - -.-
Imperial Oil. will pay a dividend of 2flc and
Thirty-three . Oil one of 10c on-the 6th.
.The. following . oil dividends were paid in
February: Chicago Crude, f 10,000; Four.
$3000; Home. $7300; Imperial, $20,000: Reed
Crude. $00,000; San Joaquin, $5000; Thirty
three. * 10. 000.
The San Joaquini-Oir- Compaixv has paid a
dividend during the wwk at the rate of 5c por
share, amounting to .$7>ih>ii./
<>n April, 0 the Reed Cruda Oil stockholders
will vote upon a proposition to reduce ll*e
capital from 2,000,000 shares to 130,000. This
is said to be due to .the sale of a large part bt
the company's holdings to the Associated Oil
Company of Kern :" County.' The stockholder*
Ket lVs- shades oC Associated OH ¦ Ccmpanv
stock for every share of Reed Oil Company
surrendered and $121,000 in 5 per cent guar-THE SAX EBAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARGH JL, 1902.
12
SAN FBAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San FranciMO
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 1? o'clock pvory jiipht In the year.
r-RANCH OFFICns— T.27 Montgomery street.
corner <"lay : oi>«>n until fl:3O p. m.
3cm Hajf« Ftre<>t; open until !»:S0 p. m.
K» McAllister street : open until fl:30 p. m.
515 Larkin street: op«n until 9:30 p. m.
1»41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
1*2C1 Market street, comer Rixteentli; open
until 9 p. m. •
l'W Elevonth ftr*>*t; op-n until J» p. m.
ior>G Valencia t.trpct: open untilj) p. m.
NorthwoFt corner Tw«>nty-R^pon* and Ken-
tU'Vv ftrf^t^ opfn until 0 p. m. ,
1200 FPtawqa ytreet: open until 9 p. m.
WECTIXC NOTICES. '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No.. 22. F. and ¦
• A. M.— THIS (SATURDAY) AFTEIl- _#\-
XOOX at 2:30 o'clock, al*n in the jEjt
f'v-ning at 7:30 o'clock. Third <Je- r^r »
gr?<?. Master Ma«on<< cordially Invited. By-
order of the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. SecreUry.
MISSION Lodge No. iffi». F". and A. a
M.— - railod meeting THIS <SATt:R- _#\_
MAY) iCVKNING at 7 ool-vk. Third TC Jl
<1»grcf. Ti. K. AH.AX. Sporetary. r^r
AITFTRIAN' Military and Benevolent ___».
Association will p:\c its twenty- re^^jy
fhlM annual ball »i Golden t'Jnt" KfTSja 1
Hall, <.2.'. Sutter >-;.. bet-e»>n Mapnn i?_2t)
and Taylor. PATURDAY EVENING. ***
March I, 1!>C2. All friends are invited to
come. THE COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL it wtlng Paauhau Sugar Plantation
Co— ipasy — The regular annual meeting of the
• tocfcholders of the Paauhau gugar Planta-
tion Company will be held at .the office tf
the company. TO7 Market St.. ln the city
and county cf Kan Francisco. State Of Cali-
fornia, en SATURDAY, the 1st day Of
March. 1902. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m..
for the purpose of electing a board cf direc-
tors t© ttrrt tor the enaulng year, and for
the transaction of such other business as
may com* before the meeting. Transfer
books will dose on Tuesday, February is.
1802. at 3 o'clock p. tn.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING— Hakalau Plantation
Company— The retrtiiar annual meeting of the
-teckaolders of the Hakalau Plantation Com -
.pany will be held at the office of the com-
pasy. S27 Market et.. In the city and county
of Ban Francisco. Stato of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 8th day of March. 1902,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to rcrve
ter the enrulng year and for the transaction
rit rucb other business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday. February 21. 1902. at 3 o'clock
p. va. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
TO the rtockholrteru of the Mercedes Oil and
Development Co. — Notice is hereby given that
the annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Mercedes Oil and Development Company
will he held st the office of the company.
1015 Clau* Prreckelp bid-.. San Francisco.
<~al.. on the 10th of March, 1902, atCp.m.
— j- the board of <1i!~ctoi—.
J. C. H. EDWARDS. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived an application to mine by the hydraulic
process from C. L. Canfleld. ln the Blue Tent
<~ompany Mine, near -Nevada City. N»vada
Co.. to deposit tailings ln a rax-ine b*low the
mine, gives notice that a meeting will be held
• t. room W>. Flood building. Fan Francisco,
<"»1.. "n Murrh in. 1BO2. st 1 :SO n. — i.
AGENTS WAXTEQ.
ONE of the greatest Invention? of the 20th cen-
tury: agents can roin money: sells on sight:
sample to agent* 25c silver; write to-day for
sample and territory to Home Novelty Sup-
piv Co.. 733A Ellis ft.. Pan FrancUco. Cal.
ADOPTION.
A GIRL baby, 1 to 2 years old, wanted for a
good hone: a Rood future is open for her.
-MILIE FrXKE. 1418 gth st.. Alameda.
-^TROLOG Y.
HOHOSCOPES cast; future predlctwlTresLdlngs
by mall if desired. Raymond, 227 Taylor *t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KIJCG. atty.. Examiner building, roam
613: all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
cases, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc. : legal papers idrawn; consultation free;
no advance- charges: open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; flivorces a rpecialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yr*.
O. W. H0"W'E. £30 Market et..'cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no chnrp* unless successful. W.
W. DAVID8ON*. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free: open every evening: law fee?;
all cfcseg. J. M. THURSTOX, 819 Market st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vct Ft.: consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN is selling Eureka bicycles fast: cwell-
eet thing out; agency Columbia, Monarch, oth-
ert: repairing, bens, pumps. 301 Larkln st.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC.
"WARBLUCG canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds: gold fish, pet stock.
t*ges. globes, aqaariums: bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market Et..bet.8th & 9th.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
XURSE wishes children at lowest terms; large
funny yard;phone; nr. school. 1607 California.
BOOKS— -SEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of _!! kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market : tel. Howard 10*8.
Bl'SINESS CHANCES.
'
A-^-*850; CORNER saloon wnh~lPri>oresT"rents
S16; rurrounded by planing mills, lumber
>«rd* and railroad «hop*; clearing above (100
P»r month, call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearn;.
A— 1850; HARDWARE and crockery «tore with
plumbing chop; on Fourth St., near Market;
good tiutlnei*; rent $20. Call R. U. WlLKli,
2i;'a K«-«yny «t,
A - 4 1 ixt<K coitNEIt ealoon with rooms and
•i.t-ii-nhiiir lunch, nurruunded by breweries
•nd malt houses; rent $37; clrnrlng abov*
»2>mi r*r month. Call R. 0. WILKE, SOU
Kenny >t.
A-«l&o; HAKERT »n Alsmt<da Co., situated on
fi.iiu .?iu.-«uj ; doing a fln^ business; a rare
«-hsm-» frr right party. Call If. O. WILICK,
y»i*fc Kmrny m. .
A--M25; DICL1CACV and dairy produce »tnr«
m Mirsion «t,; .1 living room*; r«-nt |2o; d»lly
tr. r),,., about r::>. cell it. a. \mluk, x,\,
A— *W»0: DAIRY produce and delicacy »tuni
*m n. .>••». at.: rent |?oj living room*: good
tU'lpcn*. Call R. O. WILK13. 20ft Kf>m>.
A— $<r.0; REPTAL'RANT on Fourth St., cloee
to Markrt: rent $:tO: gnod paving busln»»»;
vilue In fight. Call It. O. WILKE, 2Vb
K< fcrny #t. .-- > • i* ., .
A~ KALOUN on Folscm »t.; 10 years' lease;
w*-ll »to«-V»d; tneirhants' lunch; this Is a
rhance; flfKK). ROHLFa CO.. 41 Third st.
A— DAKKRY and dcllratessm rtore In Western
Addition; 4 living roomt; *<>\<\ on account o(
sickness; bargain.; ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third.
A--GROCERY and bsr: nM-establlshed place
on Third «t . : owner there 8T« years; good rea-
»on for felling; tl&OO. Roliirs Co.. 41 Third.
A— OVTFIDE oTflce man for business that will
pey fl.*iO-$2OO month: fine opening for young
man -vith $"»0. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third »t.
A — nAROAIN: clger rtand; meney-maker; lo-
cated on \*ry bu*y<-orner wholesale district;
beautiful fixture-; r-aronablr- rent: high olai«a
trade: roust be **«>n to be Appreciated. «C. L.
lIKrwiEP. 4«1-4C2 Parr,ott bldg.. K25 Market.
A— 40 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to flSOO;
profits (2 to $.3 dally; rents fa to $129 month.
I can fit you a first-class stand at Invoice.
«'. L HEDGE?. 4G1-4U2 Tarrott building,
•*-¦' Market St.
*.LVt— RKSTAITRANT worth f"(tn; good lora-
t'on; nni« be aold. MrnillDIS «¦ CO..763 Mkt.
fiV)— -r.'IflAR wtoro; worth $4«0: good location;
_ "* i> »' lnvclr *'- MtltRl UE &. Ct).. "05 Markt.
RITITAIiLK' party with $10,000 to entertain
ii ¦ i>"> in. hi Oi promote manufacture of non-
fx-riFUuljl# artli.Ie «pat*ntod) pmvIiik Imm'n"
rrofitu; rigid investigation permitted; no rl^k
experimenting; model* perfectly develoj >ed:
/ «Hlclf« a staple, and In permanent demand In
nil rountrle*; buslnesn can be In paying oper-
ation tn 4 tniiiitii!-: large orders already
placed: yxrty with bunlne»s abtllty to devote
to -euterprlne Riven better Inducements; han-
dle your own money; |iartl>-ular» only at In-
terview; references rxchtmged; no agent*.'
n..x ::.«>s:t. rail of Are.
HHALY &~CARR7«~Eddy «.. San FrancTsrol
rooms IS. and VJ. I'lmne James 2771— We cell
«ilt kinds of business opportunities, city and
fountry ren' e«t*te, <«n or write, for our
>J : ,l!. n )?', ¦¦'.'", r .r opert>f>l to £J0!}* * n<1 excn » n « e -
A~*%f; PAJlTKEn wanted; ~iired~To cteady
: • "i.s man tatinned «lth UK to $25 a werk;
no «xnet1.T|e* required; 'rial given before
__i" Vi"" • Vj Gesry at., room 4.
A- »25<i* DKLtCACY «tore : receipt* $10 dav:
«ull value; 3 rimini.. HTItANIi & CO.. 2(iO
1<e»niy «(.
Hill note- Phonograph pirlors and ntstlonety
*tr<f»: thin in > I>arsa1n; don't mlrs it. r«i|
at ".TO Hwrrl^on at.; iw»t *erp io and 12 a. m,
frfd-l'AriTNEIt u*ntMi; good pisre"for"7i7«dy
_jhrjinic mntj. 40 ICIKw m.. r«if-n 31.
If »H- wilr— Hhue utorr; ih- nnl'y one In Hen
rtufuf-t: gnoi teimon for wiling. Apply to It,
__MA<JNKK^ r,S ye^nd >(.. Han rrniu-Ura,
EKTAIlLlfHIIU fruit *toTe;™Boo(rTr7(ie:'TTl*r
jng rwmn; rent *20: mable. Call ofnee, >\
Fon Hale— A -oni)i]*tt photo gallery outfit; auj
* M *""''! ** lm P ruttrr I>ok cheap. 33H Hayes.
CKiAII ttind; water front. S04 Kast~iCr?223
If takrn to-day; drptrtura Aluka,
Bl "SIXES.* C1I AXCES — Continued.^
JcTEPH^STRAUiJ.
bDO Market st., comer Stockton.
Telej>hone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agtnt.
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collected.
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Eu«Jness
A — Restaurant: short distance from San Fran-
cisco; fstabltshed 14 years and doing a go-nl
business; uarty going East. Price $000.
A— Saloon and lodglnar-house"; 8 furnished
. rooms upstair*: lease. Price 1700.
A— Saloon: good paying place, in the vicinity
of nowsDapers' row; call and investigate.
Price $3000.
A — D<*licatepeen store and lunch room; a vety
good stand on one of our principal business
Kti-eets: 3 living- rooms In rear; rent $U.
Pricf 5300. ' ¦
OUR "Compounding Ey«tem" of turf specula-
tion Is the safest and most profitable ever
devised: average monthly profits over SO p*r
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.
Expert Handicapperg. 113 Stockton st.
i.ni>«;i\<;-iiorsKs for sale.
A — WE oflTpr any of following on easy terms:
70 rms.: H'gant: Ion- lease: clears $400.?Si"iU0
10 rooms: Felling on account of death.. 400
2ft rooms; clears $125: payments...' 1000
. 16 room*; Eddy st. : r'duoed to 000
r> room*: flat: bargain 200
22 roomy; 84 St.; clears $100: payments.. 700
10 looms; Jones-st. corner: only.. ....... 275
7 rooms: bargain; easy terms -:iOO
CT rooms; comer: clears $ 400 3500
17 rooms: clear* $73: only 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
A. H RETELOFF & CO.: phone John 631.
»0(L Market st.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A— McDANIEL. SKIRM & CO..
083 Market, rooms 4 and 4A; phone Mint 2S11.
Following only a few of our bargains:
14 rooms, newly furnished; clears $00; Al
location; on Market st.; only $1700.
23 rooms; elegant corner on Geary; select
roomers only; modern building: must sell.
22 rooms: Howard; rent $52 60; only $800.
. . Money loaned at lowest rates.
WINSTON & WOLF.-
1020 Market st 1O2« Market St.
(Photograph qallery Entrance.)
20 rooms, rent $00; must sell $1100
CO rooms, rent $65; good location 050
26 rooms, rent $75; near Sutter st 1700
29 rooms, rent $75; offices; good 140v
40 rooms, rent $75; see this l<00
"We Have Many More Such Bargains. _
DOKALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
S50 Market et (Inc.) Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers ln rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate/
We furnish vacant houses snd ¦
Loan mener at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
650 Market ft. and 8 Stockton Et..
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to tell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses.
flats; all sires and prices; in all parts of city.
A^ Near The Call building.
Telephone Black l-S-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market Bt.. rme. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for rale on easy terms. Please call.
Me BRIDE & CO., 7B5 Market: phone Red 3433.
Buyers for lodging-houses; call and see our
large list, from $300 to $6000: fair and hon-
est trade; sellers, list your hoifses with us
for quick sale.
ADAMS 4 CO., 1035 Market St.— Rooming-
houfies. all sizes and prices; business
chances, chicken ranches, country property,
houses, lots; cell or trade; square dealing.
A — NOTICE — We have .rooming-houses, all
elz»s and price*, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Fri., Sun.. 8 p. m.; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
. letter. 92. 1104 O'Farrell St.; EU1» car.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; eeance Sunday and Thun>.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c
~~ CLAIRVOYANTS. '¦'
A. . .... . ... .. . . K)C— 50c^OOc~ ....... ...... K
PROF. BROCKWAY, PROF. BROCKWAY,
• 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and Gough,
Offers for a 6hort time only readings at the
above fees to all presenting . this clipping at
his office and residence, between the hours
of 10 a. m. and S p. m. dally; Sundays, 10
a. m. to 12 p. m.
Scientific and Expert Life Reader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth.
Interest manifested In each individual case,
sound advice and counsel are not equaled ln
this city at any figure. Prof. Brockway tells
you what you want to know, eliminating all
uninteresting features and not tiring you
with matters entirely irrelevant to the case
In hand, as has been the case ln readings you
have had ln the past. Prof. Brockway reads
your past, present and future.
:j\ 60c— 60c— 50c.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS .
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you ar« In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great nit-
dlum and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satU fart inn guaranteed.- Tel. Black 4569.'
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known tranco
medium. Is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
. ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
2fl; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; cend stamp for pumpbl«t
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. th» great clairvoyant, t*lla past,
future; novtr falls; has the greatest Egyptian
n-'i'i; shows picture future husband or wife;
f«>e 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
ep»n Runday*: hours, Ki to A p. m. 21. Vi tltn,
1SMAR. the Kgyptlan Oypty, clairvoyant and
!>alm!at, permanently located 1148 Markat, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. in.
to 0 p. m. Sunday* from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— M1B!Tm7~wYlLK. 320A ISIIIs; clairvoyant?
crystal w»r: rua.in your life correctly without
quf», ; full name*; fiOr-fl; 10 n. in. to H p. m.
MME. HAVKNNA read"* life fluently; butlnrnH
_ jjlyle*; name* Riven; 2*iC up. ft Fourth ct.
CLAIRVOYANT, «"«rd render from L-juMans;
ruly H>r; from 1 to tt, 2«2 Minna «t.. nr. 4th.
('A nt; roadlng; ladlt*. 10c; -iMUIcmcnT~2&o!
C2t> Minna lt.« near IVvrnili.
Mnn. nnoWM. clairvoyant, rard render: ladles
•2.V; gents We; readings dnlly. 132 Hlxth *l!
MRS. LA VON. ivcindftrfut.fnrtune teller: truth
or no pay: 25c, 60c. 701 Howard st., cor. 3d.
We. $1— Prof. Weller. clairvoyant, palmist, rard
resdrrimall orders;stamp for clrc. 1007% Mkt
MRS?. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
_^reader. 11 «th; German »poken;tc1.Jegsle 1563.
MR8. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddv to 407 O'Farrell.
WHEN you become disgusted with pour work
send to SPAULDING'6 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Worka. r^i3-^7 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning.
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel Main .104. OEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 170.1 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 2fi3.
CONKLIN'B Superfor Car|>et-cleanlng Work*.
333 Golden Gate av#>. ; telephone East 12ft
J. E. MITCHELL C'arpet-c!r>anlng and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th st.: tel. Mlsaion -74.
• COLLECTION OFFICE*).
CoT7uVnLuTl^^nd^cTlIection' Agency. Cth
floor, 0)0 Market it.; advice free.. Tel. Bush
104; able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
¦ unify* rucc»«fnl. Kcnm 310. 027 Market st.
*~~ COTTACiKS TO LI3T. ~
COTTAGE 3 nuiiny remind nnd yard, $7. .701MJ
Harrison' nt.. near Third. , '. .
PBVnSTS. ~ .;
A— UR. T. B. HIGG1NS. 027 Market *st.7 Ernin'i
HprfrkeU bldg. --Painless dentistry -t renson-'
itiir- prices; pure gold filling*. *i 60; other
filling*. $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a fulj »ei of teeth that, look
natuml .ml guaranteed, $5 up.
Palr>*s extraction. i
I ilo first-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prUes for:brrt crowns, plates.- brldgn
a:id f i nitiif — - i-xinn ilcum or fillings by my
wondrrful eerret, nnlnUfca: method; 20 years'
f^prrlenre; no atudenU, advice free; prices
fin ni" h and guaranteed; lady uttrn<1nnu.
l)lt..OEORQB^V. LEKK. 20 O'Farrell M.
i:i3fci r it6~liKNTAt7ciJNir.7oTlMarket, potT
4th. rin. 7, Klonrt bldg.; exiractlnn* done pain.
|e»»iy: t«i»th wlthnut pUtes our «pi > <*i«lty:goiii
i row .it. $.1 Mi up: plate*. ¦ Ati'iii'ilrma free. $4 no
hji; ofttf" houm.it a. in. to l» p.m.; HundajM.
-J'Jl. 2 '. 3> Y.' TH AJTCHKn. I>.I),8.. MtnagPi.
KA*V iVntal rarinr*. fl I TurV~»t"7 cor. Mnnon--
Kxprrt p«lnle*« cxtr&rtora; skilled operator*,
ka* given: lady attendant. It. C. ANTMCR-
> -'Jll jN ' "' "" Hl » >r " nritt ' : "' ft "d manager.
A KKW put*— Tri» Whalfbnne— - cannot break";
j . «irr«nted VO yearn: crowns, $1 r.O;nilln«s,rxH!;
,'Hlt»P $fk. full set: all work painless and war.
• ranted. Chicago P-ninl I'arlora, 24 HUth »t.
DENTISTS— -Continued. ; ,
SEE my new pink ivory plateE: see; my. new
unbreakable -bridge; both warranted lifetime:
crowns. $2; fillings;". 25c. , Dr. Browft; 54; 6th.-
PARIS Dental Parlors, 2:JT. Kearny, cor. Bush-^
.Full set of teeth. $4: cro\vns, $3.; fillings. 5Oc.
MEYER. 40 O'Farrcll, late of « Turk st;;
• crov.n and bridge work; gas specialist.
DlT~ET~p7¥HEPAnD. 14 Geary St.; expert
workmanship only: reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SF.T of teeth without Dlate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S-11 Po!k st. . - '
DR.R.L.^'AI/SH, SJri9i < V a Tyi'»' c ''-* rk , lJ >t= P l 8 yL^
ext.. r.0o; plates %T> vr>: phone Polk. 1135.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clays rates: patterns cut. 10l» Markettst. .
~DOG HOSPITALS. ..¦
DR'. CREEL Y'S C. P. dog toap. by druggists
or m th** Hnsnitnl. MO OMdon Onte ave.
• EDUCATIONAL.
hkaTd^schoo'iT oi^lectricXl" engi-
neering — Theory, demonstration, construc-
¦'tion lahoratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 2i Post st.. S. F.;
catalogue free.
AYRKS' Lesdlnsr Buflnenn Colle-e, 72") Market
— $8 iier month: $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; ehorthand,'
typing, bookkeeping:, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers:
new typewriters: positions secured; cat, free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE. 236 Market St.— Big
school because it's best. Our Oregg. short-
hand students write 200 words a minute on
test. Typewriters at home free to, students.
Nine positions last week. .
WE des:re to recommend English lady of high
character and attainments for' position or
trust: housekeeper, governess, teacher; WM.
GREER HARRISON. H. DIGBY JOHN-
STON, LL.D.;.O27 Market st
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
.all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue, free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; reference*, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor.. Phelan building. .
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
. follo-flner? Life scholarship $50: catalogue.
ACTING, elocution, fcpecialtles: Hallet -School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar, building. 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlnlng.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide ; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der»Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners .and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant, 210 Parrott, bid*.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. S05 Larkln st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. $1 month. 1S36 Eddy:- phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons. 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. «th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery ft.
VIOLIN, mandolin. guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F. ;
founded 1S63: new *0-r>age catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A— JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoshlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon? tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanf-se Employment Office —
Best help. 411 «4 O'Farrel! et. ; tel. ICa^t «0.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 2FyearaT
Tel. Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 610 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp.Offlce, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 103* expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
waiter. 421 Post. OEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, best domestic, farming and houst-
cleanlng. B23 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish mobt
reliable help. f>24 Bush St.; tel 516.
ORPHEUM Employment OfHce — Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter:tel. Black 5072.
EM.PLOY3IE.Vr WANTED — FE3IALE.
SOME honest, remunerative employment de-
sired by refined young lady; speaks German
fluently and is expert needle woman; no do-
mestic work. Tel. Page 2442. or address
_ box 38S4. Call otnee. .' '
SKILLED lady stenographer and typewrltlst
now open for engagement; will accept mod-
erate salary if p.llowed outside work. Box
3SS7. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly woman 'to
do general housework; email American fam-
ily. Call 1405 Golden Gate ave.
GERMAN woman wishes work by the day ns
laundress or housocleaning $1 50 a day. An.
Ply 1781 Haight ft.: »ton>.
WOMAN wants work by day or half day, wash.
Ing. ironing ur houecclranlng. L. F. R. U18
Buchanan nt.
BEAMSTRRSH would") Ike a few more engaged
inents by the day. MI88 B. GIIAUFFEL,
45 Franklin st.
BY oom|jut«MU young wamnn cam ofThlidreiT
l.*32 Polk St.; phone Larkin 600.
I5XPKHT typewriting work neatly 'executed;
terms I'fiiwmiiiiir.. Box 3878, Call office. ¦
l'OHITION~as imunekM^r by a rclUblelnTililie^
WK'"1 woman. Apply li IM> MInnIiHI M.
WINCHK3T13U Huuat, 44 Third it., nwir Mar.
ket— '.'00 room*; 'Jdo to $1 50 per night; $1 50
in $0 week; convenient and- respectable; frte
bun wn«1 baggagfi to and from ferry.
CLASHlFttit) MrtvmlinnienU and nubi^rlntlonii
at Call branch offlcn, ,2'ki Kllfntorn.
A OHANcil offlf* for Ciil'l ndverllHrrnxnts nmi
xuiwrlpilnn* hai been rstabllihcd at 101)0
Viilf-nrln KI. ¦
E^n'T^VMENT^^NTIin^MjirEr"
WKLL.KDticATKD KHUIemati pf 7 world's
traveling exDerlencc, holding re«ftonslblo po-
sition in wholeMala houM, v wishes to go
abroad with refined family tin courier, com-
lianlon or tearher. Addrewi box 4082, ChII.
MIDDLI3-AQKD man wants light work of nny
kind; city or country; willing to work for
*mall wages; 20 years In last place. Box
40U7, Call office.
GOOD gardener wants situation; undcmtanri*
oare of horses, cattle, poultry, etc. -A. E..
box 3801. Call office. ' '
SITUATION wanted by a young colored man
to wait In private family as butler. W. W..
174 JesHlc st. . -
CHORKMAN^iood milker and make butter;
wants work./ J. KnBCKBUBH, 711 Cali-
fornia Ht. . # . • . ¦ .
YOUNQ hotel man wishes position as cleriT
bus driver. portT, etc.; steady position moro
than largo wages; country. Box H«in, Call.
BAKKEEPEn, first class, desires steady posi-
tion; city or country. Box 3S8«j. Call office,
ENOINEEIt with 15 years' experlenco with all
classes of engines wants position; good re-
commendations from thn Mant. J. M. PAR-
KKIt. Petalumn, Cal.
GOOD educated Spanish young mmi wnnts a
.position to do any kind of work; little ex-
«08l r" l!" wnolewtI * ! re commendatlons. Box
SITUATION wanted by a practical mechanl-
SH M n 52Jr' r: cx rt r > ln burning oil: nan put
_J"»» finings. Address A., L., 11 Eddy st.
COLLECTOn wants position with% 0 ~me~r7nabli
!l rm i, « nn ,,f lve Al references. Address M. C.
P.. 211 Fifth St.. Oakland. : " A
VC* 'NO man, German, wants work of any
kind: home more pbject than wanes: wish
to attend night school. Box US70. Call.
COACHMAN nnd gardener; English; thorough'
?O_a^ liberty March's.
p"HOTO<lilAHIEn general workman,. wlinoi
poiiltlon in flrst-cISM gallery. Box 4004, Cal "
JA -'^i NES i R / ch , 00 "?r y want>
food private family; can cook; very good
English. Address 22 Wt. Mary »t!.-nnnr Pin"
CLAKSIKIBD artvertl^ements and aubscrlptlons
. rerelvrd at Call "rainc'i office, 2200 Klllinore"
A IIRANCH office for Call advertisement! and.
. subscriptions has been Mitabiiihed at 1000
> aiencia at. ¦ ,'¦.,«
COMPANIES Ineornoratofl. proniot^i" aunran^
¦tewl ann flnancMj stock taken In payment
• for service; good propositions wnntnri; goM
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATICS' Ml NINO
AND INVESTMENT , CO., U. 8? IcVniiu
»tock broker*. 32« l'ont it. . ____"__V_
PACIKIC l.'ndi«rwrltlng"A^rru*rco, (Ino.)—Vv>
have 42 offices in operation;, new. method of
P'aclng slocks and nonnsi companies Incor-
% '/Orated; storks and bonds underwritten. Call
. eriddreu main offico, C07-8-0 Parrot i bid*.
>j^y^i^FLATS TO LBT.^_^^^jjj.
CPPE|t' flat of -7 ;roo"msTnd : ba«i:; modern.
-__V_ I ?__ l £__f_? ' stl • near .McAllister. - .
SUNNY- upper flat 3 roomT; newly : papered. $9.
U.0 Jessie St., above Seventh. ' ¦ ' -
TREAT ave., J 110U — Flat 4 rooms, tatft, wash-
room, yard. f .
$18— FLAT of 6: rooms "and bath. 571; Hayes
at., near. Laguna; no small children. .,
_^FUa.\!Tl'RE' FOR SALE^
ALMOST new ' carpets~and part furniturf of
¦ flat of 6 rooms- and bath on Fillmore, rear
Bush; convenient for renting rooms; rent
$20. Box 3885. Call office. . • - :
4 RO6MS furnished in oak. $« 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
SIX rooms; furnished: all rented: corner flat;
alco two -bicycles cheap." 874 Howard st.
FOR sale — Furniture of 3 rooms; flat 'for rent;
$12. 1622B Howard st.
[ -t FURNITURE WANTED.
A. WOIXPERt! 773~Mirslon~str, pays highest
- price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red i:t54.
.^ GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suedrgloveTbe"«t ln tne world;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Chambermaid for splendid family,
$25; 2 Infant nurses, $30. $20: working
housekeeper, $30- 6 cooks, $30, $35; 5 second,
girls, $20, $25; mother and daughter, cook
and second girl, $33; man and wife as cook
and helper, hotel,/ city, $CQ; man and wife,
country hotel, cook and waitress, $00, short
distance; 4 waitresses to «o south, summer
/ resort. $25; 10 chambermaids, wait one meal,
$20; all kinds of housework Dlaces too
numerous to advertise; call early. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
CREW of waitresses, hotel, north, $20, fare
paid. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 835 Geary st.
2 WAITRESSES, first-class hotel, north, $22 SO,
r fares paid. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335
- Geary at. '
A NEAT young saleslady for candy store; no
experience necessary; $7 week to begin.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary it.
A— CHAMBERMAID, hotel, near City, $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 835 Geary st.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
¦will instruct inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free of charge; will' be
paid while learning. rLEVI STRAUSS &
. CO., 32% Fremont et. Apply to MR, DAVIS.
WANTED — Experienced operators on ladies'
waists and underwear; steady work; good
' l>ay: electric power. MARKS BROS., 1212
\ Market 6t. > . .-,-.-
WANTED— Experienced dressmakers and
tailoresses at GOLDSTEIN & CO.'S, 733
Market st. j . '
TAILORESS wanted; first-class on. flne coats;
good operator: best pay; etcady work. 410
Kearny St., room 29.
EXPERIENCED finishers and apprentices on
ladies' silk waists; good pay; steady work.
San Francisco Mfg. Co., 623 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
• waists; good pay; steady work. San Fran-
' Cisco Mig. Co.. 623 Market st. . -
TAILORESS who understands buttonhole mak-
ing; also apprentices; come ready for work.
220 McAllister st. •
WANTED — Young woman to keep house for
.father and son. Box 3800. • Call.
"WANTED — Girl to care for child; light house-
work ; good home. 60 Chattanooga., nr. 22d '•
GIRLS to sew by hand. 606 Mission st., fourth
floor.
25 OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay.
C5*J Mission St.. fourth floor.
WANTED — First-class tailoresses and seam-
stregges. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market.
FIRST-CLA«S millinery maker and trimmer;
good salary. DIN AN, 24 Kearny st.
WANTED— Operators on fronts. Apply, THE
L. ELKU3 CO., 29-31 Battery st.
APPRENTICE to learn millinery. Apply 114
Sixth gt.
WANTED — A first-class waitress at S04 Ma-
son St.; wages $8 a week.. .-
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hairdressers and ven-
tllators. 40 Geary st.
NEAT girl for general housework in bakery;
wages $20. 911% Larkln st. ¦ ¦
WANTED— -Immediately 3 ambitious girls to
•learn hairdresalng from A to Z in 2 weeks
\and take charge of private customers where
you can earn $50 per month; course $5. Co|-
lege. 233 Geary st., rooms 13-15.
YOUNG girl for general housework; smail
family; food wages. 2332 Pine St., between
Fillmore and ' Stelner. r Call. bet; 0 and 2 or
6 and 8 p. m. ' •;•,..
WANTED— Lady between 45 and 65: will give
free treatment for wrinkles. The Harris In-
stitute of Dermatology, 508 Sutter st.,. Bow-
hay building.
WANTED — Experienced : ironers and mangle
hand. OAKLAND LAUNDRY CO.. 600 29th
St.. Oakland. ¦ _^
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladies' tailor coats.
ARMAND CAILLEAU, Inc.. 114 Kearny.
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work. Apply
at once. AMES fc HARRIS, 100 Sacramento.
FINISHER8 wanted on custom ehlrts. Apply
BECKER & REINSTKIN. 63« Market st.
UIRLK to learn to operate on machine, CiO
Mlsylon si . fourth floor.
Ol'KUATOns to work In factory. 639 Mlj-
slon nt.jfourth floor. "
• iliu, general housework; plain cooking; 2 In
family; $20* »30 Brodorick at.
A OlItL for g^nfrnl housekeeping. 1011 Bcott
wtroft.
KiUWt fnr cooking nml Imuicwork for 2. Apply
1032 Hnker at., mornings.
Ulllt. w«n«#d to din bon bons nnd chocolates,
t'anily fnetory. lw04 DevUadero tt.
A Gl'.HMAN wnman as guverneH; state rt-
utiUry $:in. \\ox 2tn>4, Call office.
A IUIAN01I offlra for Call ad vf rtlifmcnU nnd
nuhacrintionn hai b«tn citubllihed at 1000
VMercln st. ' .
HELP WANTED— MALE.
MUltnAY A ; *Rb'aD Y?^\7.y. Phone MaltT f.8 18
• ..Leading Uinploympnt and Labor Agents. .
• inu-iinn clay ki
• ••I.. ".......Office Open 7 a. in
• ••.... MiNEns :
/0 mltiprs, stendy Jnb;, new mino $75
4 German and HwedUh miners. .$r>7*and found
a miner*. $07 60; a .laborer*, nearclty. $2
any: deckhand for ncow,. <t;i" no and found; 2
ntnblrmen; 6 prunes, vlneynrd. $30 and
found; 10. farmers, $20 to $32 60 and found;
17 milkers, city and country dairies, $25 to
$40 and found: a choremen; 2 choreboys:
plioroman, make little butter, residence on
ranch, $25 and found U.
Blacksmith for camp, city. $2 60 to $3 day;
.2 molders. city, $2 50; blacksmith, country
. shop; boltmaker, $.150 dsy..
M men for sawmill; l«pooltender^edgerman..
in men to chop wood in a new ramp, level
Sfotind, virgin timber, ' redwood" 80c. pine
«l 25, hardwood $160
20 tlemakers...Ph|p to-day... 12c to 18c each
•• HOTEL DEPARTMENT
First. cook city hotel $60
.1 cooks, different places.....;.. $35. $40, $15
Second cook, mining camp $40 and found
Hecond cook, restaurant, $12 week; second
¦ rook;, city- hotel....';
Baker for an Institution, Catholic, $60 and
found; 14 kitchen hands. $16 to $30 and
found . ¦ •••.,',
BtenoRrapher nnd ntslstant bookkeeper,' ium-
l»?r company, north.. ..» '.. $60
MURRAY *-__n_»jADY .634.<J3U Clay st.
A Tr C ' S- HAN8HN &, CO.'S.. '..104 Oeary st.
New Railroad Work ;. .;. Free faro
••• FOU NEVADA .. A. .........
r>00 teamsters jo a day
ri stoneninsons .........' ,...$4 a ilay
;aa':" f 9 r chatsworth park
J00 tunnelmen ,$2 to $3 a day
¦••••'•; 8hlp • Dnlly
Free fare , ; - Free fare
'........ HOTEL "DEPARTMENT
Seennd cook, restauiant, $70; butcher for an
institution, $:i(); a butlers with good refer-
wph, $40; pantryman, ( hotel, $22 60; G?rman
. waiter, country hotel, ,$30; .porter, country,
hotel. $20 ,,,,,, T# •! " '
C.n. HAN8KN & CO 104 deary at.:.'
A T, 2 . n ,". AND bov " fw «•"" « fflce - O. R.
2 CAR builders, $3 to $.1 25 day; blacksmith's
ihjlper. $1 60 to $3 day; milk wagon driver,
fan nnd found; 3 \-lneyard farmers. $20 and
found; milker, Sonoma County, $30 ami
. round; 2 woodche-ppers. $1 25 cord: stable-
man for mllkmnn; setter for mill, $75; pond-
JJ»«" for mill, km, and other*. J. F. CRO-
, HI3TT «r CO., 028 Bacmmento it.
BtJTLKn, $50 and found;, cook and wife,
. fountry hotel, $56 and Increwe and fare re-
funned! rook nnd wife,' city. $55; restaurant
t 00 !^ *Ji?L wsiters. dishwashers und others.
¦ J. F. cnOHKTT & CO.. <I2S Bacramento nt.
ANDnU'9 Office, nid Btonkton nt.— Gariknpr
for nursery near city, 1 $3.1; ganl*n*r. rlty,
J.jj; mnn to take.ciireof horsos, cows, ntd
$.H>, private, place; second, butler, $40; wait-
H's. cooks, stableman, single
°J A marrled, $26 or $10; assistant confectioner,
¦ » ilO. ... . , # ,
WANTED— Experienced man for wine and, II-
.. quor store; able to tand btrireferencoi re.
.\aujrtd. ANDn^s, aio Btockton it.
I HELP AVAJiTED- MALE— -Con.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st.
Farmer and wife for orchard..... .$40
Choreman and wife, no objection to child
">•••• :.*rr. — .„... ......$30 to $;$5
Buttermaker and milk .'.....' $:\T,
Stableman for ranch ?25
Plow hand for orchard ........... .\ $2«
Choreboy ranch $15
Boy for carriage shop ...»«.'. I ;:.".$? a week
5 railroad laborers ....... ...$26 and board
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
age business old-established house: bona-ftde
weekly cash salary $18 oaid each Wednesday
¦ .with all expenses from headquarters; money
advanced for expenses. Manager. S30 Caxton
¦ building. Chicago.
WANTED — Coatmaker, also pants and vest
¦ maker. -to go to country: nearrbv town Tall
-•¦ DETMER. WOOLEN CO.. W;} Market st
WXNTEp— Steady. • light office work: will pay
?ts tj^$75 i>er month; experience not neces-
sary; must have $130. 705 Market St., r. 3.
COOK, man or woman, to cook in camp near
(city; if sober and industrious can have steady
1/ employment. Apply 17 Davis st.
I i '
WANTED— Bookkeeper; Invoicins. etc.; state
a«ce. experiencr, references and salary. Box
3S83. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS tinner and plumber: steady po-
Rltlon for good worker. Apply CHAS.
.BROWN & SON, S07 Market st.
| EASY chance to make big money: best sellers
i on the market; Investigate. Room 1 DO')
Market. -st. . ,
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
B03 ¦ Washington at.
BARBER for Saturday and 8unday. 230is r How.
. ard et. - ; .«
' BARBER wanted Saturday; lOc^ shop. S03
. Kearny st. * - . ' ' . '
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday:
wages. 713 Mlsslon.st.
ERRAND boy wanted. 2011 Flllmore st.
BOY. for office In business house. Address,
stating age and experience, box 3893. Call.
DEEP sea ship carpenter to work on shore re-
• pairing boats. Apply at 17 Davis st.
EJXTRA pay now due- U. 8. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood/ pension atty.. 624 Market.
AN old man to take car* of few rooms. Apply
8 Sacramento st.
WANTED — Experienced dishwasher. 612 Kear-
ny et M. ...-...,.. .... .......
PIANO player. Apply 770 Howard St., between
11 and 12 m. ¦ ¦ . ;
WANTED— Experienced dishwasher. Restau-
, rant, 11.3 Turk et. . <
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
B.-navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able A speak and read Knglish. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 EHls st., San Francisco.
WANTED — A "young man between 16 and 21
years of age. .having some knowledge or gro-
cery and bar business; reference required.
Box 3870, Call. ¦ ; ¦ - -
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. -m. at . HALB
BROS.' ¦; ¦
WANTED— Steady man. with $125 cash; no
experience required; permanent place; will
pay$C5 per month. Apply 101C Mkt., r. 10.
BUSHELMAN .for country. Apply REISS
BROS. &. CO.,' 24 Sutter at.
EXTRA pay* and pension claims filed by O. E.
HOWE, attorney, 630 Market st.
BOY wanted. Apply at drug store, corner
deary and Octavla sts.; wages $3 50.
.ERRAND boy for drug store; give age and res-
. ldence; Box 3881. Call office.
$76 — TWO-CHAIR barber shop: rent paid to
17th of March. Address 700 San Jose ave.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $175
cash; $15 week: steady place; no experience
required. BROWN & CO., 1221 Market st.
WANTED —^A man who understands nursery
.work and florist business, fioo Haight st.
LADNDRYMAN wanted as first-class washer
and starcher; nober, reliable man will have
¦good place; wages $40 and found. Apply
Stanford French Laundry, . Palo Alto, Cal.
WANTED— An experienced salesman, must be
a young man of pleasing appearance, good
nddiess, for a wholesale millinery house;
must come well recommended. Apply box
4076. Call, statins; salary expected.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers ln demand;
only requires 8 weeks; tools donated; cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE,
638 Clay st. • -
WANTED— -Laborers and mechanics to know
-that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House.. 217 Third st. :. 150 . large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per 'week...
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weekfe; tools donated; situation guaranteed;
catalogue mailed free: discount • this month.
Gordon' s Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
800 MEN to buy. new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St., nr. Sth.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741 A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3, 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Cleo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. . HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-'soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. CKi Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly' damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. .bet. 1st and 2d t sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— - 200 rooms, 25o night; reading rooms;
frte 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advert Uements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Vlllmore.
A BRANCH offico for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions hai been established at 1000
Valencia at. ¦¦ ¦¦ _'•¦¦.¦;
"iTohwiS!* AND AVAOONfl.
A LOT cf horses for sale at Arcade Horn
> Market, 827 Sixth tt. ; also buggies, wagon*.
hnrntis, etc.; nurtlon iaIo* every Wedn«sday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. POYL1C. Auctioneer.
COUNTRY horses for sal"! two young draught:
tone fine driver, and on* flnn family oorrlnitn
Jinrso; g*>nll»». Addrewt 077 Hevcnth bvc,
t Knit Oakland. ______
r7Nvfiiii<1dl« wmMrl'vlnTliorie' for mlfl flt ltltO
Mlorilnii st. | al*o n lnrge span of draft hortei,
young nnd well broken.
roil tale—A flno pair of matched black marea,
n years old, suitable for professional man. 3
Main at.
BAN 11O8A unlrynru— Horncs. harness and bug-
girt bought and sold; new stock always on
hand. 1400 Market St.. corner Eleventh.
FIRST-CLAPB light piano box! top buggy
cheap. tfi23 fiancijcg nt. ¦ j
ALL kinds of wagons, biiKalrs. enrts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN A SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wacon. single: also light
camping wagon for gala cheap. H32 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
• Call. 10 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
, postngf . paid.
IIOUSKS TO LET.
A— PRINTKD list houses to let: *end forclr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN Sc CO..M4 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LEI'— FirnXIStlKD.
TAYLoiC~141°. " ear Jackson— 7 , rooms and
bath: rent cheap; 1 to 4 p. m.
_ "houses wanted.
WANTED To rent for 6 months or 1 year,
a modern house, furnished, about 10 rooms,
with lnrge grounds, shade and stable: within
an hour's- ride, of San Francisco. Addresn,
¦ giving full particulars, box 8874. Call office.
WANTED — Unfurnished house Ifl tn 20 rooms,
nny part, city; reaiionnblo rent:' long leaae.
Apply by letter. only. K. FRANCES, 1821
( * !lHy Bt " "' '"'• / '"''' • . 1.
KM ALL" house or flat with yard or lot adjoin-
ing; suitable for. sniHll stable. ! Box u$l)l,
Call . office. _____ •''''-' "¦'¦' ' "' ' ¦'
SMALL house of 3 or -I room*, with stable or
place for one. B3X 3S72> Call office. ¦ "
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny house, 7 rooms;-large basement;
I 'yard; flne location; Portola. off Waller, bet.
' Pierce • and Stelner. Geo. Moore. 03 Portola.
.. HVqiKjVIC HA_nj TREATMKVT. ,
MR«. HARTLAND renews thin, failed nm1
¦ lusterleia hnlr; 'removes dandruff; has' treated
baldness with great aurceHs; free musultu-
tlon.^ Room .".0, I<lebos building. '130 Pout.
"l,OST AND FOUND." 7
IK the Udy who claimed pur»o on car !lflf^
• Oeary-nt. line,- at .'I p. m. Krtiiny will return
same to 201 Call bldg. »h« will sav* herself
considerable trouble, nsshe Is well known.
LdHT— -Square watch >: charm:. InltlalM r. A. j
$2 B0 reward, rtcturn to Kalr Wind Bnloon,
corner Market nml Knnt at*. • /
niCTURN whltn handle «Uk \imbrelU-lo»t nt
limiKl Opera-house Tliurmlny nlght'to Dli't
¦ ' Market it,, fifth floor, and recolvn .reward,
LOHT— Thursday afternoon. Montgomery «t..
. black pug; name Hen Hen; reward. >• 110 Mont-
gomery st. - ...¦¦¦¦ - ¦ t . .^
IiOST— On IJerkeley -locnl,; goM-motinted urn-
ini'lli engraved .with my name; raward. U.
L. llf<Allt, Mpeiu-it, wharf. '
LOST AXD FOU^fD — Continued.
LOST — $10 reward; In San Francisco or San
Jose, a Knights Templar charm, with name
of owner, LEWIS AMISS SP1TZER. en-
graved thereon. Above reward will be paid
by owner. San Jose. . Cal. j .". ¦ .
LO&T — Umbrella on narrow gauge train. 10:45
a. m.. February 27. marked "Llda." .Re-
turn to 520 Telegraph ave., flat 7. Oakland/
and receive suitable reward. --"*.'•
LO6T — Purse containing money and articles
on train from Colma to Millbrae or ln Mill-
brae. Reward if returned to Call ' office.
I matrimonial;
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421. '
MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles/ all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on - female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortwnate helped; relief In all
eases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases: free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate naturej by consulting him save
. time and money. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL.
¦ - office and residence 1019 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist?
X0 years' experience; instant relief guaran-'
.teed; home before and during confinement;
Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 410 O'FarTeil st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA.VIE3
at the old office, 122S Market St.; 30 years'
experience ln obstetric and other cases.
DR. nnd MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician;
private home for confinement; babies adopt-
ed; formerly 1312 Q. G. ave.; now 112 Mason.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' orlslnal
method of treatment; maternity home; home
ln confinement. 1128 Market st., 8. F.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 25
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
ternlty Home, 90g Market St.. opp. Fourth.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladle*"
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
~~ ~. MIXI.VG.
WANTED— Small capital to buy interest good
quartz ledge; good location; California. Ad-
dress L. W., 85 Fremont St.. city.
MIXES AXD MIXING. /
GEO. D. CAMPBELL, lawyer, Examiner big.. S.
F. : branch office. Home. Alaska, reason 1902.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
HYDRAULIC Jacks in good order, 2nd-hand.
30 ton. $70: HO ton, $60; 15 ton, $50; 7 ton.
$33; 10 ton. $40: 3 ton, $20; 5 H. P. boiler
and engine (marine), *15O; 24 H. P. matcher
and planer, $100.. H. S. WHITE, 130-132
Beale st.. formerly 516 Mission.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; bis stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
Brunswick- Balke-Collender Co.. er>2 Mission.
10- INCH Rosbach perforator, foot power. ?30;
other printing material ; we buy, sell or
trade. HOAG. 151 Second st.
DIAMOND earring's, two diamond rings, dia-
mond pendant, gold watch chain, for sale
cheap; no dealers. Box 690, Call.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Prico Hatters, 330 Kearny st. pear Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — Baby buggy.' Apply 726 Fell St.,
forenoon.' . •¦ ¦'¦ .
FRESH cow; will «ell or trade for dry cow;
rich milk. S3 Shotwell st., cor. of Fifteenth.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
X-RAY outfit complete; $125 for- 110 volt direct
current: cost $400. BACIGALUPI,9:>3 Market.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c: paperhangingr, palnt-
lng. Merigan. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
¦ figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
NEW Home and -Domestic sewing machine;
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all Blzes. new and" 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 306 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 133 Beale st. -
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO... 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 1U pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid.
MISCELLANEOUS AVAXTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within Its miles of city, box 3270. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also cents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED— A nice buusy. BYRON MAUZy!
.S08-310-312 Post St.
WANTED— Billiard or combination table; com-
plate. BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post , st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 184 Oth at. ; tel.. J«mU 233U
MOXnV TO LOAjtf! ~
U uT'iTV, 'bUkT'-Xa.iulnefi building!
S4,C0O,UUU at lowest lutei
On first and second nxn'tgasei ••
....Life interests In estates
• ., Property being held in trust
.....Undivided Interests in real estate
..Lite insurance pollcleM, eataten In probate..
..Financial t'roltlomg o( all torts and num..
if You Ne*d Money
BEE 1IKHMAN MUIU'llY. COI Examiner big.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.),
$300,UDO in C'Vj •* •' per cent In suras to suit;
City. Oakland, Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securt'
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies: wilt pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Itcd (H>24. MAN.
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 0 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate ln trobate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
* Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLOAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3 ..'. .
ANY proposition, any amount; 0 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, lesacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room Its
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY TO LOAN.
$1,000,000 at Lowest Rates..
1st, 2nd and 3rd Mortgages
Undivided Interest ln estates. Ins. policies.
...... furnltuse. 1 %. or anything else
PACIFIC LOAN CO., 6tO Market at
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Gran; ave.. near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at
lowest rates. Baldwin ¦ Jewelry Store. ' 84<l
Market st.; tel. Main 10U. Branch 1!> Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur.
nlture or pianos: no removal; any amount'
'Qwest rates. BECKER. 3tt Geary, St.. room JO.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furniT
ture, pianos; n<- removal; low rates: conflden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount, lowest rate, on piano, furnltuie or
• ?ootls ; without removal ;i-onfidential.
ORMgBY.2tt Montgomery «t..opp.Llck Hou'e!
,ON furniture, ptenos: no removal; money
, quick; lowest Interest: ensy terms ;no brokf r-
\ age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prtvata
party; no removal; no commission; connden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$0 50 PER month repays $1000 loan- SIod rav
Ing rent. MUHDOCK, 014 Pine st.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 ainonth on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st!! r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture. planoW; "no com.; "private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. ti Eddy, rm 72. 4th flr?
Money loaned salaried peopla without security"
LU r> U> Merchants .I^JJljCalifn,"'- 1
CASH loanod salaried p»opla on note without
indorser. ¦ MO»»ELL_.j6&_Exnmlner bUlg.
3% ON furnUure an<i pianos: $15~"iipTno re^
novnl. I'hone UUck 1700. Iloom 81. n : Eddy!
ON r-nlurlva. N. Y. rlanfTn.ioMeoT'iIa'Di'r dl»T
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrutt bl.lg
O.V furnltur.., planoa; lowenrrRf7Tnn rrmovaY'
¦trlotly private. LICK; 1 lOJklcAnuter Tt .
IF you want •home fwlIMonn you moneTto*
. buy It. A. B. niTDELL. 822 San«oir,«jit_
ON salarte£ without Indorser; other pro'poM".
tlons. B. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANB money on salary; no Indorier; Eastern
pUn. WMttra.Lcan.6o.V303 rhtlan-bldfr* -
MISICAL INSTRUMENTS^
A~ BARi3AlN~LIST "bF'uSED PIANOS. ALL
IN GOOD ORDER AND WARRANTED.
McNeil square $25
Hallet & Davis square :«
Dunham square 50i»
Raven & Bacon square.. Wii»
Mendelssohn square 7t»
Symphony square 7.»
Arion square 75
New York Piano Co. .square 7."i
Hazeltcn square 10i»
Weber square 113
Chickerjng (2) square 5110 — 1 1..
Decker Bros square 1-*
Steinway square ••-• J^-*
Her- upright JOu
Dunham upright J~J
Vcse '. upright :.-. « c >
Opera. ¦ rosewood ease.uprlght *00
Spellmann, oak case *f*[
Byron Mauzy, mahogany case j*" 1 '
Lester, mahogany case *«J"
Sohmer. walnut case, $600 style ¦» o "
Steln-way Grand 45 °
Sohmer Grand ' l5t)
, ORGANS. -
Standard ••- 5
Sterling 35
Monarch ••« '3
Mason & Hamlln. $50— -$73 — and 1W
Estey (2), $50 and 1" ()
Cecllian Piano Player 25«
Fine New Pipe Organ 100°
' - .V BYRON MAUZY. 3U8-310-312 Post at.
AGAIN we remind ycu tnat our piano stock,
both new and second-hand, is the largest wes:
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $6 per month: some «:ooU
pianos for $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
A GOOD, reliable article for a reasonable price
is what the people want and Just what we
are offering; planoa for $23. $35. $50. $7.1,
$100 and almost any price up to $1000; our
leading pianos are Decker-Wlssner-Baumels-
ter-steddard, and we have many others be-
c-trtes: payments to suit most any one. THE
ZENO MATJVAIS MUSIC CO., 760 Market st.
ALL bargains on account of removal. All
pianos must be stored, rented or sold on ac-
count of damp walls. New pianos. $38 up:
second-hand. $25 up; standard makes. $lt*3
up. Be sure and investigate this great sal*
. before purchasing. HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary St., opp. Union Square.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from (25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chickerlng. Mason
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling planoa,
ANT piano sold by us taken back aay time
within "3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st: established 1S50.
SMALL, upright. $35; large Cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnuc case, almost new. S2T5.
Bowers & Son. 23 Sth St.. Ivers & Pond agts.
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. "W. SPEN-
CER &.CO., corner Sutter and Powell sts.
OUR pianos the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: values best In th» city. PIERCE* 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 031 Market st. .
AT auction pric.es, 37 pianos this week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market.
PARTY sacrifices account death in family.
' Urge new 3-pedal upright piano. S23 Eddy.
STOCK of pianos turned over to me to be of-
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 8 Flood big.
BARGAIN, groat sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITZ _ CO.. 16 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stein— ' ay bargains
STILL, - renting new pianos, $¦'• r*r month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. SPO Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham nlace.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bid's!. 027 Market TTToTT
- fices with light heat and janitor $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. _
SUNN? offic°s Just below Kearny st.; $10;
also larre store.. Keys fl-tf! Clay «t.. room 1.
OIL. .
OIL tanks. 2nd-hand. tn good order: a'.', sizes;
rhear». TT. S. -WHIT~. 130-132 Pe<t1» xr.
rAIVTERS AXD DECORATORS.
PAPERING room, walls, $1 50; palntins~$l;
whitening. 75c. Painter, box 3366. Call.
FIHST-CLASS work; low rates; get fltrurea. J.
-C. ROMAIN'— .' CAt* d. n ava. : tel. Po.te 1433
p, PALMISTRY. ;;
MRS. E. PEARCE, scientific business palmisr.
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome. 1104 Market
St.; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
MME. G. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 7^0
Post St.. corner ot Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmist, 615
Taylor st.. bet. G»ary and Post: tel. Black 501.
. PERSOJVALS.
ATTENTION, ladies — Thousands have visited
our offices since 'we have located here and
found cut that wo did not misrepresent
things. . They alt s<aw the living models who
have half their faces treated for wrinkles,
freckles, etc.. and pronounced our art won-
derful. Don't confuse us with others who
use surgery or electricity, for our treatment
i» harmless and we will convince you wh»u
you call. In the past 2 days we. have gained
I 11 customers. The Harris Institute nt Der-
matology, Powhay building. SOS Sutter «t.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$lft; wtth it?-* suits we make an extra palp
ef im us free of charge; nthar salts on Install,
mente, $1 weekly. L. LJEMO8. 1U7 Marknt
St.. h«twc«n Hoventh and Klshth.
ELKCTJtIC Ilgtu In every room — Winchester
Hotel. 41 Third at., near M.trk.-t; 70<) room*;
20c t > ft 00 per night; ft 00 to $a per w«*k:
free 'bu^anti^bag^aso to and from the ferry.
WHY gu*M? You can b« cortaln of etyi* a'n<i
nt by uslns nt.ui.i.ini Patterns: March i u-
tern* and Thn Designer now r«ady. j. W.
KVAN3. Dommtta otnre. 1021 Market. nr«th.
A— WHAT do you think t O. HERMAN, ~**
, Ellis, maknt colored shirts to np!-r, $1 eaeh;
mini' as white shirts; selsotlon 300 patterns.
AT !*** than cost, uncalled-for »u»t*, overrnsite
and troupers at CIIARLE8 LYONS', London,
fullor. 721 Market st.
El'ftrol.vtle removal of rndta- tind superRunu*
hnlr; permanent; >palnlt*sr free treatment:
work guaranteed. MImC. Dudley. l?i»2 Market.
EXCELLENT shampoo for We: hair dried m 10
minutes with warm atr: private room for
every customer. O. LEDEREn. 123 Btockton.
A school to Iwrn halrrtrrssln-. hair work. man.
icurlng. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Marker.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel Iron bed*, single, three-quarter
\ ?.« d0^' n *'.o! 225 - EASTERN OUTFITTING
J CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
A "^ X^ y J? ur I*!*"!* facing or you are bald call .In
- DrCSi!Joo^'' 3^-O'Farrell; send for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- to
years experience. J. B. RAY. -157 Minna' st.
FRANK N. — Sand your address; will forwani
money to come home; mamma sick. R. N.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& molna destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hMr permanently removed by
electric needle. MR3. M. HARRIS. 428 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric r.eedle.Dr.&Mrs.Traversc.H70 Market.
Ar ' F , RE D r IM3 Egyptian 'Henna; restores graV
hair to its natural color; $1; at all drugglatv.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
~^-_H t JL t _-i_l! )c aHd 2Bc - Alt druggists.
Mrs. Brlsrga — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
tsv electrlo needle. 90S Sutter; tel.Larkln.T17i.
MASQUERADE costumes, ptay books wT~s"
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 73.1 MVcV
Masquetade costume- at H. Anderson's. theatTw
cal ccatumer. 2« O'Farrell; «ountry orders.
T^, lL - R "MADE suits. $7 30; dress pant*. $2 .V).
Mlsnt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT thi
be<t corn cure: 25c. all ijrugglsts.
PHYSICIANS "aMD^SI'ROEONS^
ApTsOLUTELY Fke'e CONSULTATION— A*!l
diseases of men and women treated succe»»-
T"Alnr.«™W -'II ""J" 510 *" myself. DU.
I'ORDE.V. No. fl Turk St.. corner Mason.
A~Dn. OLlVK OHIJVKR, lady physician «M
mrgeon. at 112-4 Market st.; hours 10 to !?
Cf!. C. c: O'DONNKLL— nraet and resldnn^-T
» K \V IJVC»^ M A C^IM X K S . AM) <(( ITI.mi
ALL kin.ii bought, soil, ranted.' ex*."repYirfnf ;
lowest rates; phoiTeJIoward ;(2ii4, | is Hi stn .
ALL klntj* bought, sold, rented. Vju^hTnged 77«i-
palrln-: lowest rnten. Tel. Oro-n HI. '.'M ttli.
, ' WTOfl A « K i^JB, _y^^B5!! SK!St
PIRnCEjRODOLPH HtVrTa^n.rMov^'cT'
-J llflc" ..Po«t'ttn«l PowbII stu.: t>|. Main M\it.
COf.DKN WKST Storosre Warehouse. M<»'>ri«T
lion St.; HI. Howurd iUl. V, \v. zkufw*.
B EK I NM Van artij Htor.«o Co.. C3O Market at.;
¦_ tel, Main IRtO: shipping at cut ratet.
r^-«» IC «in!, or ,",f r 1 ! un4 furniture Moving Cnm-
pany, 23^0 FUlmorc st.: chon* Jn-w.n.. ¦>«• 81OUX CITY, Feb. 2S.— Five members of tho
family of D.. Wenke/^ a German '.farmer living
near". Wausa, Neb.,, were by-, eatlnir
nausaKe, from'.thfe effects .of .which a' daurh
t< r. I/lfczlf, ngt-u 18, Is ¦ dead, and' a son will
probably die. .- '' ' "¦ : • .
"Press' , Wand,, penal bond clerk In. .the
CuBtom-house, . has ( been '.confined to 'his
home for two weeks with nervous prostra
tion; caused by- overwork. His condition
is reported to > be serious. ' • .*-•¦•».¦;
George K. Morfle, v . clerk .. of the United
States-District Court, Is down with the
ariD;/. 1 ,'"¦•.;,'-•".,."" ' ¦¦ " : -.-v"-,.' •'•
Two \ Officials . Sick
'¦' 'NEW WESTE
-A C qrlfnth. Mt Bulln
F O" Gould, Boston •
O T Simmers, N 'Y -
L' A Norrli. Cleveland
J Thorne?, -Cleveland •??;
C J Delaney; Seattle
C N Allen. Vancouver
J F Elklns/lowa ' ••
J Blakemun. Ore«ton ;;
P'-sM' BraKenie &¦ w,
¦'Oregon . . ¦ ' ' ¦¦' •¦¦
O Uruner, Sacramento
W Loairy. Teala •. !
F Betten worth, S Joae
J Owens, Ban Jose .*
R W' McDonald." Manta
J *T FertlB,,I'a ¦»(¦'<**<
H Hi 8mlth..New TTorU
R Mathewn ft w, L An
c, Bteele, . Bluklyou , .
W Marr. New Orleans
HOTEL AUBIVALS.
RN HOTKL. ;
Mrs . Coneyers. Ariz
T p Tate. Dgston
J'A Andemon.; J3enlcla
J.Cftrlotto. New Orln*
M A Dwyer & *r, Colo
B Byrpe. Freano' •
CM.Kendoff, Mo ;
J McAlister, ,Mo j
w . K Duncanson. L Aii
Miss O: Spenser, Or ¦
N Williams, Manila :
Q W Condon & w.'Cal
MrlAU Coates, Oak
Minn •
S,'i r E / lw ? rn ».'- Oakland
O'H Sanders & w, S D
E Hertrander. , 8 Jose ,
T <: KlepDlntfer.Nebr
J'lllakman, Cal ¦ • ¦
J'H de- Merer, .Colo
C ; A:,Tnie. Boston
8. M. T.' I W. T. F. I 8. , Moon'a Phases
~ I T' i . i (ft Last (jr.,
! : > March 2.
3 .1 4 | 5 6 7 S New Moon.
! ' W Marrh I>:
O 10 qi 12 i3 14 IS '
!FlL2L21.Jl-^L^- r^TuTffeonT
23. 24 25 20 27 28 29 March 2g. •
HO Jit f J ..(¦'¦'. March .tj'.
CALL CALENDAR.
March, 1002.
The affair waB under the direction of
the chairman of the committee of ar
rangements, Mrs. Phebe Willlama. It was
one of the most pleasing affairs that has
been given- by this, lodge, which, though
it has been in existence less than a year,
has . become very ; popular.
Many of tho vocal selections were Eng-'
llsh ballads that were exceedingly well
received by the .people assembled, who
showed their? appreciation by requesting
an encore, from each one who sang, r Thio
was" followed by a number of up-to-date
dunces and music, •
Kinpress Vlotorltt 1 Lodge of the Daugh>
ters of Bt. George gave a musical enter
tiiliiini-nt mill ilimcn to tlinlr frlcndn in
Wnpiil in; Urn Hull of the Hed Mcn'n build*
itig \Vcdti68day night. There wore many
membero "of the Kngllflli colony prcflent to
enjoy the cntortainrtidnt, which consisted
prlnclpftlly of nones by Messrs, Yarrow,
Reed, Hums, Walker, "Williamson, Mc-
Dermott, Carles, Potter and Minn McDon
ald, a trio by M. Uode and sisters, recita
tions by Messro. Burber and Harrison and
Instrumental selectlona ' by T. Nowlan.
Old Country,
tnlncd With Balladi of tho
DAUGJiTKllfl 07 ST. 0150 ROB
GIVE ENJOYABLE PARTY
Mnny of the English Colony Eatot-
PniDAY. Feb. 28— t p. m
/ 'BI4. Ask, • , Hid. Ask.
Alpha,. ".'I M Jtittlr* 07 •»>
Alia IH mi Kentuck ..;.. 01 <>3
Andeg ...,V.< Oft (M Lady Wash.'.-; — >. 00
ll«kiher <H OR MMlftn 93 IM
1I0M * Delch, 31 . 32 Oertdentat .,. m In
llulllfln "3 m Ophlr ...... ..I Oft 1 10
Caledonia ... 90 »3 Overman Art mi
Challenge Con ll> 3«> Potent 13 I]
ChollHr ....... 11' in HrtvnB° ....... ON on
(*onnd#ne« ... 07 70 Heerplen ...,. — (n
Con Cttl * V.I 90 1 an «<•» llelfher.. — M
Con imperial. — 01 rllvrra N»v,,» i.i It
Con New YorK 01 03 Wllvef lllll... 04 M
Crown Point.. 00 03 Kl Louis..., .. — AH
Mur^kA Con,. 18 . «~ H/ndlaati ...;,— /oj
Kxi-hriiupr .. — 02 tfnlon Con.'. «. 23 '2-1
Ooutd&Curry 11 13,1'tah (a 0.1
Hale A Nora. 30 33 VelloW Jacket IS ' 10
Julia - 0*'
CLOSING QUOTATIONH.
Following were the tales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:-' ¦• .
Morning Session
400 Best & Belch. 22 1100 Mexican ..... 31
300 Best & Belch. 21 300 Ophlr 110
300 Chollar , 13 600 Overman ..... 11
200 Chollar 12 400 Potost ....... 12
600 Con Cal & V.I 30 iQ(} Sierra Nev.., 13
100 Confidence ... CO 200 Union Con .... 23
100 Confldenca ... 68 .. .
Afternoon 8*sslon
,1<V) Best & Belch. 22 300 Ophlr I 07V,
.100 Challenge Con 2<> '.'(in I'otn.-U ....... 12
,100 Chollar ...... 12 200 fitxrra Nev.,. l.'t
B00 Con Cal & V.I SO 300 Bllver Hill... BH
,100 Mexican ..... ill > ¦ •
MINING STOCKS
Following were the sales' in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
¦ i Morning Session. .
400 Belcher 03 100 Ophir . .......1 15
500 Best * Belch. 22 100 Ophlr 1 10
100 Caledonia ... 32 100 Overman .... 10
200 Challenge. ... 22 ' 100 Bierra Nev. . . LI
200 Challenge ... 21 .400 Yellow Jacket 20
200 Mexican 32 : • . • .
Afternoon - Session
400 Belcher ..\.. 05 100 Ophlr 1 10
100 Challenge ... 10 1 800 Overman .... 00
600 Chollar ...... 12| 800 Potosl ....... 12
300 Con. Cal & V.I 30 400 Union Con.... 2.1
500 Mexican 32 . 100 Yellow. Jacket 10
100 Mexican .831 ,-
Morning Session.
. .. Board — .¦„¦•,,? ,,--..-.-_;».,. .*..-." r,
100 Hcme \ 3 R3 ,
' 25 Home . . ... ,. 3 80 •
1(X)O Monarch of Arizona . . IS :
1000 Monarch of Arizona, s 90........ 1! '
2000 Reed Crude. 37
Km Shamrock\ '. 40
500 Burling, b CO I J5
100 Sterling 1 12^
Afternoon Session.
Bcar.l —
200 Home 3 00
1000 Petroleum Center W
DOC) Petroleum Center, b 90 07
3000 Petrol^im Center, b/ 60. . 07
10 San Joaquln Oil • & Dev..... 6 50
PRODUCERS' OA EXCHANGE.
' Independent" Gas. and Power Company (own
ers) ' with-. McCullough .Contracting Company
(contractors), architect H. A,, Barre— All .work
for one frame' and galvanized Iron building to
b.' • used us c. 'boiler -house -on block 502, , Po
trero /bounded, on ' W by DelaWare street . and
Nf by 'Nevada ; ; $141)5; ". ..
Builders! Contracts.
Same to William N. Rolph, lot on E line of
FUth avenue, 2i!0 N; of Lake street, N 60 by
K 120; $10. ¦ ' /
Isaac F.' and Hattle A. Freed to Julia Dress
ier, lot :«•*. block 42, Hunnyside; flu.
Morris M.'\ Grossman to Moiea 13. Grossman,
estate Marks Grossman, deed and assignment;
$5, '"''¦¦ ' ' ' ¦¦
Abe arid. Charles -Roseniteln to' O»car Key
man lota 5, 6.: 30 ' and 3U, block 10, People's
Homestead Tract* A; 110, r .. ':
¦ John J. Donner to Charles W. Delalney, un
divided Vj of lot 2, block 25, West End Map 2:
$io. ... .•• ' ¦'¦ • - < •¦:-(.¦ •••.-¦.<•.¦'¦• .
.¦¦ Charles W. -Delalney to F. G.Halsey undi
vided »4' same; 1 ?10.-; . " I ,,n .' :. .
"John J. Bonner to' Roberta E. " Zlegler, undi
vided- Yi same; grant. . ¦ .-.
•K. O. and Mary F. Halsey to Kate'T. RU-"
ford < undivided : V4 same; ? 10. • ¦ < •¦ ¦ ¦
• James Spiers to Kate E. Spiers, lot in Berke
ley. Alameda County/ Klft.
... JSUert Druckerto'John' Pforr.-.lot on K line
or San Bruno road at point ."( chains B from 8
line In Rancho Rlncon tie las Salinas y Potrero
Vlejo, NE to S line Bald ranch, W to 8an Bru
no road, 8 to beKlnnln*,' 0 acres :,$3«0(). •
. Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association -to Mrs.
William -Smith,/ lit in Qdd Fellows' Cemetery;
$88
.ibiiipm 1J.' Castle to Charlotte CaHtle, undl«
vlric.l iniftlilril liilm-rst In lot on NW line of
Freplon street, SCO NM of Fourth, N 10 US by
NW 80| also undivided one-third Interest In
lot on UK line of Uryant street, W.l>', Nil
of Third, NM Wi7W by HE 80) gift.
Holomnn and 'Dors. (Ms to Margaret Fields,
lot on W line of Seventh avenue, 260 N of
K Btreet, N 25 by W 120; $10.
California Real Estate Investment Company
to Isaac C. Bcharff* lot on 13 line of Thirteenth
avenue. ICO H of K street, H 25 by K 120; $ 10.
William H. and neorglana Buckler. to George
M. Rolph, lot on R line of Fifth avenue, 376
N of Lake street, N 60 by H 120;|10.
Marie C,", Joseph K, and I^ouisa Artigues,
Ki.uii'liiH Durand (Hasan) and Charles Ar.
i iKut'd to Patrick and Ann Kellehar, lot on
N line of Uhentnut street, • ISO w ef Dupont,
W 40 by N mill; fin,
Allcs Affcrbaoh (widow) to Panlel Roth, tot
on N line of Geary street, 07 10 M of Taylor,
H 20 by N <io; fin.
i'lfrtin Dlaginl id Ali'lioiiau j, Merry, lot on
W line of Marlon |>l«@e (iCIIxa plaee), 07 10 S
of Union, N 40 by w 00: |l«.
.fHiurs gplers to Kn«*» I'!, Helers, Iwt on BW
line of Hfni ittrpet, 1S,'IU mi uf Howard, nij
45:10 by HW 18710] Bin.
Flora. H. (or florti Short) (81m w) ami k.i.
ward N, Hlmit tn Hsnry Hlmw, undivided >on«>
tW«lfth )liltirr«t In lot mi HI! ciritPi 1 of r1"i .iml
iitnl Minim Ntr^tH, Mil .'10 by MS no; #10,
Hume to Dernarcl Bhnw, undivided two
twelfths Intercut In HMiim; »l".
1 Mulll vtin Ketate Company (it corporation) to
Enterprise Realty ..Company (a corporation),
lot on HW corner of 1'acino and Punont streets.
H 137 i« by W 870; |iot»,«oo.
Jeannie McGowan (Anderson) to Pomenlco
Ghiorsco, lot on 8 line of Moulton place, <lh;tl
W of Montgomery, W 23 by B 53:6, and right
to sewer through property adjoining on H; »l'i.
John Rosenfeld ttnd, John Roaenfeld's Sons
(a corporation) . to Douglas 8. Watson - and
Charles R. Bishop, lot on K line of Montgom
ery street, 42 8 of Sacramento, 8 08:3V4 by i:
UH:i», and all party . walls; etc.; $10. .
Charles L. and Tina Hinkel to Minnie B.
Burns (wife of John 8.), lot on W line of
Castro street, 185 S of Twentieth, S 25 by \V
12&; HO.
James Spiers, to Kate E. Spiers, lot on >N
lln« of Jersey street, 104:7 'W of Castro, W
24:8 by N 114; gift
Manhattan Loan Company (a corporation)
to George 1). Shadbourne, lot . on 8 line of
Twenty-ninth street, 255 W of Church, W 25
by 8 114, quitclaim deed; $1. . / . -,
¦ George D: Shadbourne to Susan Beck, same;
City and County of San Francisco to Jerome
J. Hickey, , lot on N line of Seventeenth street,
30W of Sanchez, W 25 by N 91:6; f — -.
Frances A. Rider to John B. Rider, lot on"
E line of Folsom street, 1T0 8 of Twenty-first,
8 45 by E 122:6; gift." ~
Alexander and. Isabella Woodslde to Thad
deus Wlchrowskl, lot on- S line of. ' Frederick
street, 237:6 W of Stanyan, W 25 by S 137:6;
*ltt ; . . ,
• Oustav Coates Harris to, Isaac C. Scharff,
lot on 8 line of Point Lobos avenue, 61:8 E
of First avenue, E 20:2 by 8 100; $10..
Mary A. Roper (sIiirJh) to Belinda Roper,
lot on E line of Tremont street, 855:0*{,8 of
Frederick. 8 25 by E 80; gift.
The Baird Estate (a' corporation) to Jean K
Bernou, lot on 8 line of Page street, .O:J:O E
of Masonic avenue, E 25 by S 137:6; <10.
iThomas:and Elizabeth Butler to Hyman'and
Albert Marx, lot. on NW corner of FUbert'and
Broderlck streets, N 60 by W 108:2; $10.
James Spiers to Kate K. Bpiers (wife),' lot
on NE corner of Vallejo and. Gough streets,
N 137:6 by E 82:6; gift.
.- Same to same, lot on N line of Post street -
H>5 W of Buchanan, W 40 by N 137:0; gift.
Mary K. Russell to Morris D. Conn, loL-ou
W-IIne of Broderlck street, .79 'N- of Grove, N
25 by W 100; $10. .. ...... . .
Grace E. Coates (Shaw), or.Emma G.,' Flora
B. or Flora Short (8haw), Edward N. Short
and Henry Shaw to Bernard Bhaw, lot on VV.
line' of Van Ness avenue, 128:4 8 of Filbert
street, 8 28:4 by W 130; |10.
3I0EAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
The ordinances will be finally passed at
the meeting of the board to be held on
March 10.
. uniliuun'cB flxiiiiar the ratea to be col«
Iccted for gas and' electricity as indicated
in the report were then presented and
passed to print unanimously,
The maximum rate and price to be
charged by any person, company or cor
poratior for furnishing arc lights of two
thoui'iind candle power for the fiscal year
ending June 30, 1902, for the cliy and
county of Ban Francisco and the <nhab
ltiinu tl eicof is fixed by the ordinance us
follows:
, Kqreach arc . •' light, burning twenty-four
hours, $0 50 oer week.
. For each arc light burning from sunrise to
sunset, $3 30 per -week.
i For each are light burning from sunset to
Eunri&e,,$2 76 per week.
•For each' arc light burning from sunset to
midnight, $1 95 per week.
For each arc lltfht burning for six nights
from sunset to 9:30 p. m.,' $1 60 per week. -
Kaoh arc light must be of L'000 candle power.
In the mutter of eatatillshinff a uniform rate
in ha iihurtffit for k»« win) bIm.'u lilty your com*
minen Ih «f the opinion that It \n tli» duty of
Ut-s Ilimrd of HuperVlBOIB tO t-sltil.lUli ft niaXN
mum rate that «hair protect eonitumerg from
extortionate or unreasonable eharKPft, and that
tha rate* rufnniiii^dflnd In thtu rouort i@eui« a,
)i'it«Miiniiiti ciiHiBfl in thti uotiHumcr, and that h
tPiiwiiiMiiilo icim|.riiBuii><i» is afforded to the per
noun, companies or eerporations su|>tilyiHg gait
and eleotnuity. >•
ThriTfidr, your committee recommend!, that
Him maximum rate for gas to be furnished for
publio iitiiiiiiiiKN and inlviiip tntiPtiiiiniH be r\mu\
ut $1 Ho pur liioo 1'iiiilc frr-t, mi.! that the rate
for llghtim* publla streete be t\xe<\ at nine <(•>
k'iKb tmv mnula lamp per nl«ht And tlft««n.(l5)
rniin for eluster lamps p«r night, and that the
minimum Kindle power b# fixed at nlnsteen
candles.
Your committee, after the facts deduced, by
Mm pearchlnff investigation conducted by • tha
Uiurd in committee of the whole, would rec
iiiiinmnd that a reduction of in cent* J>er 10»u
QUblo feet be IDAde in the rate* to be charged
for gas, and In thu matter of the iHtca to ba
chii(f'i<i for electricity your eummltteo recom*
iiu tun, the name rates that were chawed during
inn iimcuI year iitui-imia.
The Board of Supervisors made a ma
terial reduction In gas rates at their meci
<ng last tivenliiB, when an ordinance was
passed to print cutting the price to con
sumers from Jl 40 to $1 30 per . 1000 cubic
feut of hub. -• ' r -- •
When- the board . convened all mem
bers except Supervisor Boxtoh were pres
ent. Wilson, chairman of the artificial
light committee, submitted the following
report, which was adopted without a di»-
Editing vote: H-, .-¦¦¦'¦
Your Committee on Artificial 'Lights begs
leave respecti'ully to report In the matter of
tin? rates or, compensation* to ba collected by
any person, company or corporation In th«*
City and County of Han Francisco for the use
of heat, light or power supplied to the city and
county, or to the Inhabitants thereof, for tha
fiscal, year commencing. July 1, 1002, -as fol
lows s ' . ¦ ' " ' ¦ ...
Present Rates for' Electric
I Lighting Will Remain
in Force.
Ordinance Fixing Price
. at $1 30 Is Passed-'..
¦¦¦': .¦:- to Print..
MATERIAL CUT
IN GAS RATES
Board — ,
r, Alaska Packers' Assn ...lfciSO I
.100 Cal Safe Deposit .....117 BO
15 Koultable Gas :» .17 "4
1.10 Giant Powder Con 78 00
60 Makawell, s 00 2rt 60
20 Market-st Railway 67 00
. 30 Peauhau S P Co ..a .12 00
10 8 F Oas & Electric Co. b 00 44 75
20 S F Gas & Electric Co.'. 44 50 •
10 H F Oas & Electric Co, b 30a.... 45 0U ¦'
80 S F Oas & Electric Co 45 00
10 Spring Valley Water : 87 00 .
20 Spring Valley Water 87 50 .
> 15 Spring Valley Water 8S 00
25 Spring Valley Water 88 25
25 Spring Valley Water 83 CO -
$2000 S F & 8 J V bonds ¦......,. .123 5O I
$WXX) 8 P of Arizona (1010) J..113 75
$20,000 8 V 4a (2d mtge) '...102 50
Street—
13 Bank of California 421 00
50 Giant Powder Con .............. 78 00
$1000 Hawaiian C & 8 Co 6s... tfO 50
$5000 Spring Valley-4s (2d mtge) 102 50
Afternoon Session
Morning liesslon
rirmi-il —
B Cdllfornt* fruit Canners ........ ©7 bn '
60 Oliint l'owder Con ...........,..<Tft 00
10 Olant Powder Con, cash.. 7" 00
25 Mutchliieon B P Co 1.1 7A '.
28 Mutrhlnsrjn 8 P Co. ............ .}3 H2^i
ft MarKet-st Railway 80 00
fi Oakland Gas .................... &S i)it ¦
10 B F Qas A Electric Co... 44 Oi) .
$20Otj Hawaiian C & B Co r.s... DO 50 ,
»2000 Northern Ry of Cal 6s, cash.... 123 00
Btreet— '
' 80 Cal Wir.e' Assn ..100 00 .
'an* flH »•¦'! KIIaum .... OH —
Hawaiian .. .17 ii, m Makawall .. a«tu —
liMtKilinn, ... 13 | -.Hi onomfA , ... 23 —
ttutehlmoo . 13H l.ir* Pnauhau ... U 12^
, MlflC'lfiLLANKOUfl. ' .- 1 , 1 U
Alrtpkft farhHUI KH Pita A f A. — .Hi
t,'al Fruit As. ft?U M Pas d nor«.l«a —
e«l Wln#A». — 100 rar Paint... U —
Oceania H Co ddtt —
MUOAIt.
Olant ...... TTI* Ti» Vlgnrlt ..... aft *
POWDER
<>llfti|-uln, ..HW 1T3H Market ..... h7 ' NTH
Qwry ,,.,., — ,W il'renldle .... — 80
HTnijRT nAu.noAPa.
Herman . ...limo -> Hnv * Loan, — 100
Humboldt ,» — » H«eurlty Bav.aOQ :i.io
Mutual Bav., TO' M Un»«n Trunt. — wou
H V Hav U.H13M —
BAVINQ PANKP.
Anaio.Ca! .. SO Wi\U L P tk A ...166 180
California ..41U«i422 Mar Ex ilia). In^ —
Cal 8af« DP.U7H118 8 F Natlonl.m^ ~
First Nalnl. — —
MAN KB.
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 273 I *
Cent. L & P. 2 5 Pao Light .. 4.1 —
Eqt Q L Co. :i'/i ;l»i Hac K Q6RO 27 28
Mutual . ... . ,n% fi B V O k E. 45 40
O Q L &'H, On , CO* 8 F O Co... 6'/* —
Pac Q Imp.. 3TH — Btktn a A E 6 —
OA8 ANt> ELECTRIC.
Contra Costa 74 V4 — Port Costa;. *3%i 66
Marln Co.... CD — Spring Vol.. 88% 88%
UNITED STATES BOND8
'.•¦,-.' /Bld.Ask.i . Bld.Ask.
4s qr coup.il2VU12% Us qre<new)i:iOKl.W 4
4s or reg....lLlHlU%l8s <tr coup. ..109. 10094
' • ; MISCELLANEOUS .BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 70^103 Oceanc Cs.. — 102 '¦
Bay CPC Ss.lOoVi — ombua C tis.Wl —
Cal-st 6s..,.ll«V4 — Pao O Im 4s 05^ —
C Costa 0s.. — — Pk&C H ilit.im:a 4 tir7>4
Kd L4P 6s. — — , 1-ki-o It IJ..11T 120
Fer&C It Os.120 — Pwl-st It On.llO^ — '
Oeary.st Os. — — Sao EOR 6a. 05 07H
II C&S BVjS. — ~ .. 8F & BJVBa. — —
:Do.6b 00 100 Slma Cal UslOS 110
L An* R fis.UUftm*/! S 1' of A 0s
LA Light Ca. — . ¦ , — . . (1000) ... ,112%113H
Do Btd 6s. ¦— — . <i010> ....113% — ,
Do gtd fii.lOUi — 8 Pof Cal 0a '
tr A & 1» Ss.lOl4«lO;i (lOOS)Pr A.100H — f
Do lem r.H.101 HCI . (lUOB)Sr B.11O lHHi
Mkt-st C fls.l25W— (lOOfl) ..,.112^112^
DolcmBs. t ~ 122Vi (1012)....— 122Ji
NHofC (is.ill'i — SP of Cal 1st
Do 6s..... 122^123*3 e gntd BsJ20 • —
N.Pao C Tm. — 100 Do stropd.111%112 ,
N Cal R Bt.UZy, — IBP Br CaJes.l.tSM .—
Oak Gas Os.llB — S V Wat Us. — ¦ —
Oak Trn 6s. 122 12S Do 4s — — ,
Do 1st tBs.111% — Do 4»M m.l02>,i —
Oak W O 6s. - 104 Btkn (las fla.lftl%lCO
WATER STOCKS.
FRIDAY, Feb. 2S— 2:30 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND' EXCHANGE.
anteed bonds. They < also get all In excess of
KVi.cenu per barrel received by Rred Oil
turned over to the Associated Oil Company,
Continued From Page' Eleven.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE SAX FHANCISO'dJ CALL,' SATURDAY,; /MARCHV 1, 1902^
13
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
1 Via Sausallto Ftrry
Commencing September •-*!», 1 UOl.
FROM rfAN FHANC1SCO TO MILL V'ALLKV
: ANJU HAN HAFAEL. .
WEEK DAlh-0:M, 8;30.. *»:au."lt;0O a. in..
•1:46 ;t:l£>, 4:16. 6:1b. *U:15. (IMS p. in.
EXTRA TBIPS— For Mill Valley and i*u
Hatael • on Mondays, ¦ Wedneaaaya and t>ai». •
uavs at.U:3O and 11:40 p. m. ' • ¦¦¦ ¦ ¦
•tiUNDAYS— •S:00. •10:00. •11:30 a. rh., ¦'•l:ii.
3:16 •« :-i5. 0:30, tt:30 p. m.
Ti'ai'i" marked (•) run to Ban Quentln.
1'HOM SAN HAFAEL TO SAN KRAKCldCo.
WEEK DAYS— »6:M. 0:27,- T:43. »:.«,. Ivuj
a. m., m Vl'.2S. 2:15. •tftfS. 4:40. 5:::o p. in.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays; WedneaiU,..
'and Saturdays at 4:45 and »:M p. m.
'¦SUNDAYS— 0:10. »S:00. M0:00. jTllliS a.' iu>.
»l'H0 •,J:15..4:-fS. *C:ao p/ rn. ; - . ,
- Trains marked (•) start irom San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FUANCldCV.
-. WKEK;UAYS— &:45. U:-»5, T;53, 8:55,. 10:3V
i' m.. 12:3,V 2:43. 3:60. 6:10 p.-m. •
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday;-. Wednesday*
and tiaturdaya at 7:10 and 10iU5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:06, 10:05 a. m.. 13:u3. Z:ld.
3:30. 6:00, «:'5 p." ra. .
. -, THUOUGH TRAINS.
«:85 a. rn..,weeJt dayi— Caaadero and w»>
ktatloni. ¦ ; ••' ".'
•1:46 p.' m. Saturday!— Duncan Mills and way
stations. : . ¦ ' -. • • . '-< •
8:00 a. m. Sun Jay a — Duncan "Mills and way
atatlons. • ¦ ¦ ¦ .-.''/
Legal Holiday l>oa'a and trains will rua en
Sj-.idav time-
itfianafian Florist Co.
**S ARTlATIC FLORAL DMI0N8
PrtC99 Poosonablo .
107 POWELL ST.ftfA-ELUS VStf, 5056
nr.AL ESTATE C1T%— FOI1 SALE.
-/¦ - — ri — ; *
MUST D12.SOLD IMMEDIATELY.
By order of imn- resident.
I*o«t and 8cott »ts., N.W. corner.
Fully and »uliKiantIa!ly Improved.
ItrntK S.'Ukmi per annum.
Can be Incrcaied. <
MAKE AN OFFER.
a. j. nicii ti co..
112 Montcomtry st.
CUEAl* I'KOJ'EnTIES FOrt gALE. ""
1JY \V. J. UL'NN. KJO CALIFORNIA BT.
Choir* corner; 2 flat*; Juet finished; lu and
7 room*; renting for 115 ana f'.u; with all mua-
uki, lmi>ruv«mr'nts; prettf tjqiihIi; vltnty of
l-joxftB 1.1:1: in I in cedar; separate, cntrancn;
tM-uutiful. unobstructod marine view; under
long Itanc to nrct-class tenants; *. his l.« a fine
buy; cluaji; fs.'><)<>; lot 34 feet frontage.
2 flntr. t:],i.-i...i thia »i-<-k; 10 and <l rooma;
r<ntln« for »ir, and Jun; with every modrrn
convenience; vny dcKlrablr; jt.'^hi
'i flats. jiiKt completed; U roomi in each;
renii (or f:i2 U< and $M; wide lot; $(i2M).
t.'hcsp lot. :in:2xi»4; Greenwich at.; bltumln-
l««-d; ovfrlooking the 1'residlo grounds; flni-
marine view; jjchvI lot to build flats on; fl'J&O.
4 very thulce lots; riercn at.; SSslfMt rarh;
elevated; e^and marine view; |tn« pile for
building fiat*; eary terma; one-quarter raah:
In the rnidet of brauilful home*; f2100 to f22Gd
each. '
Oiern-Bt, rorner, only $25<»n; one*
Quarirr i-ath; flna mwritie view; a ¦ tmi. <¦ lot.
LntK north of the l*ark very cheap; w°'*i-'>
• hi. a ¦¦•.tin ¦ lot :;.' Hum, on Nttith av ,
i.. in. of the l -.i i k . I !.'.<"', . ,.m I'J.'.im!
W, J, «l|5Nff.
15,-jrt California ttiK
WAN T r.l WT« purrha ««• « rt*\Aene* iwrlh fif
Broadway, from Van Nfm av*, l« I<y»n rt.
W, 3, UI'NN. r.'io ('Bllfmnift »t__
WANTED^To «uri l**r 1<'<« fi"«' nfooiway t«
tti* bay ati'1 frem V»n N"*« «ve, ta l. yon «l.
W, 4, UI'NN, M" I'wlif'irtilw «|.__
BAfTON, KLl»ttll»Oli * CO.
Th» •U«ni0H *»I# nf fpftl «*t»1r Whli'l 1*11
t-i h»v* U-n htl<1 »>>• ISftMnlt, r,lrtHrt*P * L*.
Tu»»flav. ypb. ZX "Win* to «h# itir ritithfy
r-f the Weather, ho* Ifpn foUjionpd till Tues-
<Ibj- ( March 4j _ __ imm
JOPrJllI BTIlAt'ti.
R.%0 Market «t.. mrnpr Stockton.
Telr«ihone Ofant 1T7.
Itpal t«(afp Agruir.
rroprrty nought and Bold.
f Rrnts rollrrted.
V" ¦'!; f«Ip — A npw mortern hnune c> rooms, bath,
. !nundry. flnlchpfl bnwmrnt; will take Illrh-
tronil lot In fart pavmpnt; Pevpnlh ave.. 1A0
ft. nnrth I>ike ct. Bee owajrr on premises.
EEXD for book on "Home*." Wll. P. TODP.
1070 Proadway, nr 11 Montgomery «t.. 8. F.
CHEATnPT and bfKt In America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, cent tr. any address In th«
Vnltrd Mates or Canada one year for $1,
pOFtatre raid.
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
BTVIdenT) Notlce^ThV ala"nt~Powae7"ctnv.
pany. Con.; a dividend,- No. 30, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per rhare on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, nonii
202. 204, 206, Hayward building Ban Fran-
cisco, on March 10, 1902. Transfer b.ioks
close March 3, 1D02. Jit noon. J. U. LEAV-
ELL. Secrrtaiy.
NOTICE TO CON1 KACXOJtS— 6{flc« of "this
Veterans' Home ct California, room 13, 320
Eassome Kt.. Ean Francisco, Cal. — Under and
In pursuance to an art rntltled "An act to
provide for the erecticn of a modern hospital
bqlldir.g lor the Veterans' Home, located at
¦ Yountvllle. Napa County, Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,000 therefor (approved March
£6, 1901. Statutes li/ui. page 823). and in
accordance with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of CalU
rornla, adopted October 12, 1801. the board
of directori of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and edvertlsei for
»' alf .] proposal, for XurnUhlcg the materials
and performing tue labor for the erection
and construction of said hospital building, at
the f aid Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
Couaty. in accordance with the plans, de.
vcrlptlons, bl'.la and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnll, archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon iuch
sealed proposals w'.ll be let, made and en-
tered tnto; tald plans, descriptions, bills and
epeclfic&tlcns can toe seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 9 a. m. and S o'clock p.
m of each and every business day, \from
the date hereof to the date of cald contract
or contracts . at the office of the r aid • dl-
rectori of said Veterans' Horns, room 13,
C20 Sar.scme et.. fian Francisco. JCai.
Separate bl£s will be received and separata
contracts I let and entered Into aa herein
above set forth, fcr each of the following
parts of cald building, erection or structure.
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
art entitled. "An act to regulate contracti
en behalf of trie State '.n relation to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23. 1878,
Statutea 1675-6. page 427). and th* acta
amendatory thereof, that Is to «ay for the
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
brick, ctone, terra cotta and concrett work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec
trie end glazing work.
Third, for the plumbing work.
Fourth, fcr the heeling work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
»!atir.g work and
Blxth. for the painting and graining.
Eaid work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and tlie two
front ward* a« chown on aald plans, descrip-
tions, bllla and specifications. Including tho
fumlching cf materials and the necessary
.'.shnr therefor.
JL The work is to be done under the super.
tiElon and dlrertton of Isaac If. Bniall and
the buildings and grounds end the hospital
ruinmluers of cald Veterans' Home, acting
for end on tha behalf of lia nud board of
directors.
A separate eontrart w»| be |*t for as many
different kinds ef work M ara heretnabova
cneeinai), Na bid or proporal will ba received
er ¦ i j.i-'.-it ir.1 ijiin-tk accompanied with a goad
and Liifdi irt.i bend •< eald propoeer or hid*
iirf. equal to 10 per rent of nil prapeaal er
Mrt. with eufflrtent tuinii-«, I'liniiti'tfit-d that
If eetd t.t' j.'.mi ¦ f t)14 Khali ha aectepted tli*
party (>rup»ntng Ar bidding will 4uiy tnttr
into a proper ttmtrset end faithfully prr/orm
)i. or tfcelr contract cr fentrafla, in aephrd'
at»ra with *eti i tni.i.hat nr bid, unit (he Hans
<vp' >'i ii> ¦'¦». Idltf af><1 t\'<- -inr-ot it.rm. which
• r# hBi-fthr made « part of thli n*t'e» atid
«.f K»iV n.nltotl (.. 1., )r| l,r|r B ftr,.
Httd rrnlei bid* ft l'"l""Hl» ln.l.t I.o Am.
Mvnril f. Hin rnl-1 ¦llintnn , f (),„ V r , PrB ,,,'
Hum* fif Callff>fhl» fit is th* tetttltry fh»r«.
nf, »t thli nlfle* fif Mid director*, room 18
(".;•'• C«iiwm» ri . In th« «-Hy «ni tounty of
Han rmnrlsro. PIM» at California, en Of
before Ih* hour if 1 :8f) p. tn, nf t!,» twenty*
ternhi) d»r of Msrrh. l»O3 whlrh I* hereby
designated a* the ilm« and plar« wher* tb«
«ald eraled Mfl* nr |»rnpo»als w|)| ),. O n«nrd
»r the Mid dlrectftrs of the mI4 V>t«ram'
ome. and «ald mntract« in and ma4c
If tn the opinion cf mid board of directors
of <h« «aia VfHrani' Horn* the acceptance
cf the lowest of said sealed bids or pronoiala
? ?oil not be for t!ie best Interests of tha
Ptate. raid board of directors hereby reserve!
th* right to accept any of aald bids or pro.
tKisils opened a* In their opinion may be (or
the b»«t Intrwti of the Btat«, under tnd In
• ••toraince with and ai provided by the termi
V »ertlon 4 of the eald act entitled, "An
Jt/i to regulate contracts on behalf of tht
Mate in relation to erection and buildings"
(approved March 2.1. 1870. Statutes 1*76-0.
pare 427). or to reject «ny or ail of aald
*ealed Mdr. or T>ropo*all.
For further Information and particular!
bidding contractor! are hereby referred to
th* wcrelary of the board of directors of said
Veterans' Home, at the office of aald board
cf directors, ns herelnabove set forth.
By order of th«> board of directors of the
Veterans'"Homo of California.
- ~ -' . » J - J - kcoville. Secretary.
Dated February 10. 1002.
rnoPOSALS for nothing and Equipage.—
Depot Qimrtcrmaxtfr'* Office. .IB New Mont-
*" m TL Pt i-- ? on Cal.. Ktbruar*
2T, 1002 — Scaled IitoikiuhIh. In trlplcate. will
be received at thl* ofnee until 11 o'clock
a. m. Mftnday March 10. 1902. Pad He Stand-
ard Time, and then ctiened. for furhls hlr.g
Corn Drmimi. irnblrachcd Drilling. Punpen-
«1er Duttons. Fly Huttons. naming Cotton
Wlilti '/pr«M Dark Ulue Trouw. "nd "api
for OfnctTR wwtc r Blm f(ir < !ooltf en(J v f t .
era jm/1 Wotklnr Ilata. Illdders must Ktnle
-. thrir tiroiiotiatr the rate and time of «it-
llvery rlioold <^>ntract l,e awurJf-d to them
¦ nd no 1Jropor.ltlnn rhould be made which
they are not ,>o«ltlve that they can absolutl-
Iv Miail. Prefmnct will \w flvcn to ar-
Hc:mi. cf domcttlr production and manu-
facture. cr.ndltrsns of r>rie«- and quality btlng
«jubI <ini-ludin K In the price of foreign pro-
rtucHon and nmnufa<-tur«? the duly tJiertoni
and etich preference win ba rlvvn to article*
of American production and manufactura
jirjduced on the Pacific Coant, to the ek-
fnt of the consumption required by the
1>uM!c fcn'lce there. Thi> Vnlted Hiates re-
serve* the rle1)t to nccrpt cr irjerl any cr
nil prcpouali! or any p^rt thrreof. Infoima-
. tlon «nd bl«nk» for pr'>tio«als will bi» fur-
fii«he<1 r-ft nppllratlcn. nnve|npr« • . .niulinii^
l^r'>pcMtlR will t>» lndnrof/l •'I»ropoi«il»< No.
fW"i." «r<1 flrtdre««icd to MA JOT) C. I> HIL-
T.En. OuartermarttT, I'. 8. Army. Depot
Ouaritrm<irter.
mVVI, KSi'ATi; CITV— KOU SAI.K.
FOlt BALliTnY "
THOMAS MAOKj: & HONfl.
¦ ». B Monli'omory ct.
HOMES IN THU WEhTKltN ADDITION,
MISSION. ETC. ; [
f lu.rco— a NW. ccr. on Wrlmtcr rt.. 33x1)0,
with «1crth of lot on N. *!a> of elrrrt, thereby
riving all light and run that tan bo had.
$'.)7:.0-_jn<.i<son "t., nrtrth »lrt»: SI :«lx115; "•
fctory. h rrnimx and hnth; JKMmi rwonlly spent
on thf liouiio: worth St'S a immth If rented. • .
?;::."<i - KiH-iiiui Kt., in bent iMirtlon: a-*tory
hour* of 12 room*. '£ Imthfl: flne.buy.
flKiw — Wmliinicti ii Ht., north fide, nonr a
plaza; 2T:flxl>7;0; built' t yi'Hrn: 8 rooms, bntli,
attln and baiianicnt; street work all done.
fDCOt'—port nt.". north «ldc; rxtra large lot;
Iioum has U room*, bath: conservatory and barn
en the let; Irnse isrounds.
$S"fjO— Twenty-filth et. corner; good 2-«tory
hou*«»: irt :i?xiyO. •
9K50C — Jackson St.; good 8-room house; rents
*0O. ¦ •¦ ' . '
?s.10t) — Octavla "st. corner, In fine portion;
hounc of 0 roomH, bath; planked basement;
brlrk foundation: all utreet work done.
t.N250— California st., In good portion: level
Mrxk; 0 rooms and bath: sunny house; 2< :Ux
137 :«}.
K77U0 — Post it., north side: very good 2-story
¦ nd hnsernent rM-loVnre: renting .for *45 a mo.
$7600 — nnkrr St.; 2-story houw»; 10 rooms,
bath; finished basement and attic; near en-
trancc to PnnhannlP. '
1U:.\1. ESTATE— COU>'THV— For Hnle
-^FOrt BALE MBAB BAN FRANCISCO \
¦ Small tracts. »C0 to $90 per acre, on llancho
i'otatl. Bonotna Co.: future value assured, as
Ean Krancisco Is growing rapldlV) location
but for poultry and et-neral farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California it., for
pamphlet* and lnfurma»'.on.
Hanta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties, nee WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. "- { * Market. 6. F.. A San J.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
paymrnU. HKALY ft CARn, 0 Kddy^t.
WILL show l(!0 acres good Government land,
flflO. C. H. BTnEET.. 211 Ktamlner^bldg.
TWO cottages, r"amii Meeker: nicely situated,
A. <>¦ K-. 1'KKI Waahlngton at,; no agents.
ALAMEDA ADVERT1SRMJ1
A^«'OTTA«13. « roomsTbathT ''•Uu\''at'n*l41i
nrlglna| I.,i,ii flVi-'i, prU-l> #.'Him»; cu K y pay.
inrnts anrt part «.ih*r properly In exehnnse,
BERKELEY .ADVERTISEMENTS
¦¦'* * DEnKBLBYJllinAL^KgTATB.
COTTAOH of ? roflms and bsihi hl^li^htit^
t -?_ n Jl*** l LP" > ' mpntl ' 1 MUltDOCK, FiU l'ln«,
fur Iwnk en "il(irrt#i." WM, I'.^Trtrjl),
lo7o nrftddway. or II Mcimgnttirry m., B, r*.
FRM1TYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
rnriTVALB ihsal estatk.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopklnn St.: 2 blocks from
2 rtreet cars and public school; furnished cot*
tafte of 0 rooms; stable, chicken-house, plg-
;pon cote, etc.; ornamental groundij fruit
orchard; CO minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from 8. F. ; rent M." a month: price $4000.
Apply .T. n. FREUD. Mills building, or II.
A. PI.F-ITNKR. Frultvale Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD HEAL ESTATE.
WE offer ' bargains in dwellings and lots In
Oakland 'and Alameda; for eale and ex-
change. HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy at.
BEND for book on "Hcmes." WM. P. TODD.
10*0 Broadway, or. 11 Montgomery St.. S. F.
OAKLAXn^JFj^^fTUKE JfQfl^ SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAA8. 408 Eleventh st., Oakland.
nOOMS FOR HOl'SEKEEPIXG.
AR"lEL*and"sOLAR flats".~B25 Vnd~a3l''Turk atT;
first claas: new bldg. ; housekeeping suites.
BELL (The), 1773 Market— Bay-window parlor
suit* and kitchen; grate and gas stove.
FOLSOM. 834— Bay-window room; closet; bath;
kitchen. .
GOLDEN GATE ave., 425-427— New hou«e.
just finished 15th of this month ;¦ modern Im-
provements; electric light, hot and cold wa-
ter In every room; price reasonable.
HATES. 738 — Sunny ¦ furnished front roomi ;
complete for housekeeping.
LARKIN. 418 — Nicely furnished rooms suita-
ble for housekeeping.
LEAVENWORTH, 1 821—2 large rooms furnlsh-
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; no
other roomers.
MARTHA place. 3. off Geary, between Mason
and. Taylor — 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas range; cheap rent.' Call between
4 and fi p. m.
MCALLISTER, IO42 — Large sunny front room;
kitchen, bath and cas; for housekeeping.
OCTAVIA, 1211— Sunny furnished bay-window
room;, double and single; kitchen If desired.
SEVENTH, 191, near Howard — 2 bay-window
housekeeping rooms.
TENTH, 808A — * sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas range and coal atove.
THIRD. 415B — Runny hmifiekeeping room*;
. furnished; kitchen; gas; bath. ,
TWELFTH, 23 — 2 aunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; walking distance of Call;' no
children,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions haa been established at 1030
Valencia St.
nOOMS TO LKT-»Fnrn. and llnfnrn.
AllOYLE Hotel, 234 MeAllister— New, ejegaut,
tunny; grill attached; 70a day upward; rate*
by week or month: McAllister cars to door.
A^URUNRWICIC House, J4S JBUlh— Rooms,
. We io |i per night i II 25 to IS per week, and
tight rioutekeetiing rooms; open all night,
liURNETT, H80 Market (old No, 18a4)-Fur.
iiUhed rms,, »»H»a, tingle; a I no unfurnl»h»d.
CLlKFOnn, £04 Kills, cor. Mason— liiea-itntly
furoUhed ?unnv rooms ; prk'#p reasonable.
KLMfl. 631 (MftKH rt)— Nl^ly fwrnldhod rfiom»,
ttf>, tl t*> Jijghtj 11 f>0, |8 wk.i open »ll night.
FOLSOM, HI0— *unny front and imtU parlor
¦nri kijiehrn with rBngg._
|1 vhn w^>k-=Furfilifhfd ro&rn«. W0 foliom
H,, tifar Fourth. *-
OKAHV, «0»^Th* Nftv»rr#)^KIrB»nily furnish-
pi] «ulH-s and rlngle) trnvrlrrn in 'i'nnilni»1n|pfl.
GnANl) BOUTHKRN llotrl, 7lh and Mlsulon^
Family bouse: thote inquiring a quipt, orderly
bfmp at modprate chargpSiKult.nlnglsjplttvat.
UHANT, 240 — New bachelor apartments; fur,
rr unfur. i rultable physician or dentist; reft,
(JL'KRnKRO, 107— Two newly furnished rooms
with <¦.»> of bath, for single gentlemen ', k \l_
KEAIINf, S4, and 47 Tost — Office or runny
furnlfhed rooms; en cult* or single. -
LARKIN. SlO^i— Single front room; gas, bath
and phone; gentlpman; 17 per month.
MARTINET, UOl Geary— Handsome •ultei;
private baths; pewly furnlrhpd single rooms.
MINNA, 409. near 6th— Large front parlor)
suitable tor 1 or 2 gentlemen; $10 a month.
MISSION. 1514 mar Eleventh— Runny single
front room, |1 28.
NATOMA, 217, near Third, two blocks from
Call— Newly furnished front room».
NEW ARLINGTON. 1016 Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms; |2 a week up; 3So a day. up.
OTAKHKLL, SO — Sunny furnished rooms and
' offices; elevator, elec. lights;. day, week. mo.
O'FAHRELL, 270— Nice front room, |4 per
week; other rooma, %'£ M, fl 25; houke-
keeping roomi, . .
6' FA RR ELL. 773— Nicely furnished parlor
suite; single room.
nOYAL Houir, 120 Ellis— Incandescent light;
iradlng-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; roomi, per night, 3So to 41 CO; week,' |2
io |8; month. IS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; both*.
BACnAMENTO. 2011— Elegant furnlsbed room;
hot and cold water; reasonable.
SAN CARLOH~ave.. 353^f~ nlc* sunny back
room; rent reasonable.
(SEVENTH, 171— -Corner hous.e; sunny fur-
nlehfd rooms to letj by week- or month.
hHKRMAN Apartment JIou**, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnlshca or unfurnished.
bTKAM HEAT and all modrrn convenience-* at
Hott-I t-t. Drnls. 24 Turk st, '
TAYLOlt, 708-*-Good room; man or woman who
work dayi; running water; $1 &0 wfek.
CLASHIFIEU advertirt im-.nin and liuLj^rlptlona
received at Call branch ofnc»-. 2200 Flllmora.
A 1IKANCU otnea for Call a<Jv«-rtik<>raents and
• ubfcrlptlon* lias beta ritat/luurd at low
\ olcncla ii.
ROOMS A.M) HOARD.
A VKHY .largo, wrll-rurnlihrd rnom, with board
fur iwi, younit m»n In privutu t'umily; mud.
«tii vonvi>nl*nce»; «i."i pit month: rei>rcnces.
IJox Augfl. Call. ' •
MKHICDITH. SIS Turk— funny front rooms:
•¦Irctrlc light*: hot and cold water: modern:
flrM-clan" hoard; reasonable: phone flouth S2!l,
CHOCK Kn. Th"«7~nKi" Leavenworth — Runny
rmiij »i|n. nnd suites; ground and tonnls crt.
LA M I IOU rtNK."«O Eddy~l 1 1 ch.-cla ss hotel : f ur!
sultrs <ir single; boH»-d ontiortal: steam heat.
IilHJY, 3HI — Elegantly furnlFh(-.tl sunny front
isultf; every convfji/fncn; boa^J .totlonnl, , .
VAN NESS, «;07— FYt refined couple, sunny
front parlor, with hoard.' In private residence.
EDDY. 026. The irvlngdale — Sunny suit* 1 *:
large Qouble nnd single rooms from $22 50 up.
CALIFORNIA; 80" (Stevennon Mannlon) — BalMt
fnmlly hotel; exceptional table: popular rates. -
VAN NKS8. Oin— llandtfome furnlnhfd sunny
tultes. «lncle roomi; flnt-cla«g table - board.
JOHNRON. Th«. 005 O'Farrell— Nice home:
good table: spacious grounds: rates moderate.
JCIArtA. 'GIB Taylor — Sunny front and back
ruH>«- >xcrllfTU honrrt: tormn reasonable.
' ¥ SPECIAL 'IVOTICKS.
DAD tenant* ejected for $4; collectlong made:
city or country. PACIFIC . COLLECTION
CO.. 4IB Montgomery, rnoms n-10; t«*l. BBSO.
SB TTYPEWniTBUti ANO 8UPPLIB!t,'.
GREAT B A ROaTnbTn" T Y P K\V Rrf E U S~— Ww
»fll better muchlnfi for less money than any
house In the city: rental! $X The Typewriter
Exchange. 636 California: telephone Main 2(i(l.
WEHSTEn Typewrite? Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctomifHtlmate iree. gOO Sanaomt.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yevterday ;
Fred W. McNear, 01, 1200 Van Ness avenue,
and Weorglna Hopkins, 21, corner California
and Lacuna streets.
Charles J. Hull... U, 81. Antloch, and Wllda
H. McCoy, 20, Antlooh,
-^Vllllum F, Fuhrberg, 33, city, and Ida
Thalhclm. 'JH, c\iy,
-HIchBrd H, Walton, HH, city, and Mary L,
Llgluhall, ST. city,
Alfred Hull, Ti, 17 <i John street, and Ha-
mmm Acevedn, 17, Ifill I'owall street.'
"BIRTHS— MARRJAOES— DEATHS.
nirth, mirrlBM and death netlP§i sent by
frail will nut lie ingei'ted, They mutt ba hundfil
in at either of the publication ottteet and \m
IndrtmtKl with the name and residence' ef pe f .
tMtte nuitit.i U.-,1 („ | U ve iln- earne published.
3J0KN.
UOYlSN--ln thli city, February 23, 1003, to
the wife of Charles g. lloyan, a ion,
MUllltlLb-ln ihli city. February 28, 1003, to
thp wife of George W. Merrill, a son,
the wife of q. n. rUdke, a daughter.
MARBIED, '
TKAZKLL— nAltnoN— In this dty, February
25, luoa by the Hev. Father M. P. Hmlth,
«, 1' l ' W""** 1 T. Yeaiell of Spokane
Waul,., and Nahha Datron of i Ban Fran-
cisco.
DIED. .
Baer (Infant) Mahoney, Jamea V.
llrowne. Klinabeth Murjihv, John
Uutenop, Whllhel- Ryan, Mary
, mienla Smith, James
Cummlng, Wm. Q, Smith. Walter S.
. Oiviin, Michael Smith, William H.
Harkins, Mrs. M. Telfer. William H.
Hayes, James Vaughn, Mrs. li. .
Hickey, Emmet Vellaaratos, Alex.
Hlnkle, "Capt. C. E. , Wahnlg, Bophle
' Lane, Dr. Levl C. Wolfe, Vauieda M.
Lark. Cyrus Wonderllch, John P.
McCreedy, Geo. W.
BAER— In Berlin. February — , 1002. Infant
son of Dr. and Mrs. B. A. Baer.
BKOWNE — In this city, February 27, IDOi!
Elirabeth Browne, beloved wife of F B
Browce, a native of Mississippi, aged &2
years 2 months and 2 days. - '
IDTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at l:3u o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1U0J
Mission street, between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. . Interment private. Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
B ¥.? 1 E . N - 0P — In thl * clty . February 20, 1002,
Whilhelmlenia Butenop. beloved mother of
Herman Wlngerter and Mra. Mlnle Rullson,
and grandmother of Raymond. Carlton and
Myrtle Wlngerter and Alpha and Claire
Ruliaon, a native of Germany, aged 82 years
ti months and 2U days.
CT Friends and acquaintances are tespect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, March 1, 1002. at 2 o'clock, at
her late residence, 842 Alvarado Btreet, near
Honman. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CL'MMING— In this city, February 28. 100A
William G. Cumming. a native of Scotland,
aged 6tf yeara. A member of Alcatraz Lodge,-
Jr. and A. M. . .' ' • .
G1VLIN — In Sacramento, February 28, "1002"
Michael Glvlln. beloved brother of Mrs". Mc-
Asey. Mrs. Ruane and Mrs. Burke, a native
of Ireland, aged U0 years.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mlsfalon street,
thence by train from Third and Townnend
streets at ll;30 o'clock. Interment private.
• Please omit flowers. I
HARKINS — In this city, FebruarV 26, 1902
Mrs. Margaret Harkln*, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. J. W. Farren. Mrs. M. A.
McCabe, Mrs. Vincent Kingwell, Mrs. J. J,
Mone and Sarah and Kate Harklni and ths
late Mrs. James Craig, a native of Ireland,
aged 03 years.
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 0 o'clock, from the residence
of her daughter, Mrs. M. A. McCabe, 2050
Point Lobos avenue, thence to Star of the
' be , a . Churc "« where a. requiem high -mass
will be celebrated for the repoee of her aoul
at 0:30 o'clock. Intcrnwnt private.
HAYES — In this city, FebruAry 28, 1002.
James, beloved husband of Mary, and fathor
of Jeremiah Hayes and Mrs. Katie Phemes.
ter, a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged
70 ye&ra. . •
HICKEV— In thU city, February 27, 1002
Emmet, beloved aon of the late Thomas and
Catherine Hickey, brother of Thomas, Ed.
ward and Frank Hickey of Blaklyou County
and the late Walter and Annie Hickey. and
nephew of Thomas Dwyer of Oakville, Nan.i
County, and Mrs, M. L. Doten of Alturas,
Modoo County, and Jere M. Dwyer of Han
Francisco, a native of Sawyers liar, BImHI.
you County, Cal.. aged 2U years.
t3"rhe fiin.iul will take piece to.day
<Haturday). at li»0 o'clock, from ¦»«» parlor,
of McFadden, McUrearly ft Green, 1171 Ml*.
Plan street, thence to Bt. I'etfr's Church,
where a reaulem' high mate will ba ct»|e!
hrated for the repose ©f ),l« «oul at 0 o'elogk,
Interment Holy CroM Cemetery,
BTANFOJtJ) I'arlor No. TO, N. 8, a, W,«=The
funeral dommlttee I* directed to nnu*iui.i» «t
tht, undertaking j»»rlnn» of MeF&dden. AlO.
Ilrearty * Oreen, 1171 Mfsilon utreet. U «|.
tend the funeral of th« ute Hmmet iflnkay,
to-day (Buturday), at BiitO o'cloeU, »y or.1»r
ef the parlor. H: O, RVAUYAN l»rei
KHBU II, JUNO, Secretary.
J11NKLH— In tills elly, February 13, 1002
<!«iit«ln Ca«per Hdwnrd, beloved huaband of
Johanna, Hlnkle, and father of the late Wll'
llam T. lllnkle, ««ed »4 yoar« fl months ami
27 Oayi. A inembur of Han Kranelnee Lodge
No, 8, ft P. O. 13., and Mnntni. l'lloln, Ca"
fornla Ilnrlmr No, 10.
jtyFrlenda and apnualntanepii ars respeet*
fully Invited to attend the fuberal to.day
(Haturdny), at IHfJO o'clock, from the tmrln-ii
of McFadden, Mclirearty A flrepn, 1171 Mls«
nlon street, thence to Eflkis' Hall, 223 Huttar
utreet, where acrvlrett will be held under thp
auspices of San Franclnco l^odge No. H, p.!
V;...°s, B " at 10 o'clock. Interment Laurql
Hill Cemetery. ,
MICMHKHK of Ben Francisco Lodge No. <l 1)
P. O. K.. are hereby notified to» attend tho
funeral of our late brother, C. £3. Hlnkle,
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO, H
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. ,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMUAUIERS
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
:¦' '-.-. •'. Telephone ' South 80."
Mt; Olivet Cemetery,
SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFFiCB 016 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
JAMBS McGINN,
. Formerly with McGinn Bros., haa opened
•new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy it., bet.
Taylor and 'Jones. ¦ .Telephone South 670.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS^
.v 8 *,^ 1 M c , p " ad<1 <n. " ye*" manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M J
McBrearty. with th* name company for li
years; 7 !*. F. Green, late wlth.J.C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral ¦ Par, '
lor* at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. a ' v * ntn '
CHAS. H.J. TRUMAN & CO.
. Funeral Directors and , Kmbalmers, ' '
Now Occupy Their Own Bui ding,
1000 Mission street, between 15th and 10th.
.". Telephone M lesion 100.
} RfcfVlOVED! ,
/VIcClNN BROS..
FUNEnAL UIRKCTOKtt im.l KMBALM-'
EKC.IO'KH nml KU McAllister St. iKor-
merly of 111 Krtdy ut. Tel. South l!f>2.)-
RAILWAY T3AVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIO.
I'rMlnt !»•<•« •• I lui- ilur I.. »,rll« »l -
•» » .N ftlA n«'IW4'<>.
Oltilii Llix*. F«o» of Mnf k»t SUf«t>
liavi — JutHi rr diiltart 9. 15CJ - AnniTt
," !««»*, lii'iiicJ*. HuUuit. Kltolra and Sacra-
Illfllll.. -. -, U'.I.I*
?iAOa V.eolllu. \V1. l.u, Uiunany itO.ir
• |3» a M »ri lns<, Hh h U >iiiMiii, \ kIIpju. Ntv*.
t!MlUli'«»«iiil.Siinra !!<¦•» «ia.1»
HiO»« I>»«U. U.«.ilUi..|. Knl*liUL»ii.llii«. *
M.»fy«»lllB. ii|...IiU. 7i3.lt
gi«IM« AiUiiMc l1«i<r»M-(»t|iliiii hkI lUtt HiV.iA
.hi»'<i* Ml««, Mlbr<iv.Ht<ieiiion .......... ' ".i-itt
m«O » MI-«, M.-.I. t.i. lUi.W. V!*allu,
I'oiT.rtliU.... .. 4xii»
»i3l»* Klin^u K»l> -i-m-IHiIk, WiilUtimffnr
-. • < l;.utl-lt M| rli. ((t 1 .' WllU.nt. 11*1
- -¦ Bluff. l'wU<w[ .. :i.v»»
• illii> Han .limo, l.ltermurv. Mtuaktmi.
l«n«r ¦ rur>r»iu«, •• "
Mr.r*»»lllf,(.-|.lo-., Km! l»li«rr. ...... ' 4tS-?»
8ii<i« ()»kiUI.-, 0hliiMi»,HMiior». Tuolumnv 4iv.tr
. tti<M>» llurwur'l. Nil, imiiHV.y Huilimi., HiA.1«
Uitio* V«lli'Jo : I4j'43»
l»H»i»* l..in Ancn'n* .Bx|««li> — sUrtlim. -
Tr»c>. l.4r»r«i> M'ltnkk in, Mertrii
. . -,._ -• |>'rii«ixi ¦ml J^is An»«len ?ifl.1»
,"¦ *l»n« V»t|.-|... ,«Urll>i-*»ml W»r Sl»Ll...i» ?|.li>r
¦ OiuHA TI,»<»rrUn.l l.l<i.n«.t-<)gJsn, I-*n-
¦ •' " f»f. l».«»li». Ulilmp H>S3»
| IK»«r Miter vmkiiIo Klf m Mi»«mfit» til IV*** •
. tiUVf li..iil,:l», U'liititrn Maersmtiilo,
U'lM>tll»i»t. KnMiU i«ndliiK.
• M«r»MllU.«>»..tlll» ««#:.V»»
Si3i»r ll»y««r.l. Nll.« «...! Wsy HUtliHii.. TiASf
4lM»r Mai'l|ii<in, Mhii ItitiHitu. VaChJ".
*- - ' • N»tM. (iMllAMKM, Mai.t« Una* •¦25%
4tOUp NlUf, U'tfoion. Stnoktow. Lmll... l» ¦*•»»
4i:t»r Il«»w«nl. Mlaa, hau Ji.a», I.I" rmors |HtAS«
«i«nrTlit OrtlMmlti-.l I- rit«m., Tulare,
lUhtrillslil, Nmi(ii» fur Nm>U lui«
. ll»r», I.III A IIKKlcS •:¦'»•'»*
UMMif p,, r | Coifa. Turf. I athron. Stockton 1«i35a
»i««r alartlixr, Antlueh, Hu.cktun, Her"
ofi!. Fri»i.n 1S|S»»
«i«»r Ikrvuxl. NlleitKiul Man Jus* ., »!¦«»
t«iO«r Valli>)<>'., ..: Mi»»4,
\, SiU«i"(>il»if»|i Atkll— Og,tm<, Penrer,
Oh.iba, 8t I/OUl*. «!|ll«-ifts , *'*5»
1iU»r (irrijiiii *:il r»ll/..rnl» |i > ,i|>itian,Maa.
' rMiiiAiih,-' nlartaflll*. HioMIuk.
I'lirllmijl, I'lifMl #(i.ii..iI ami Eait *<AAa
liMrfUa 1'ab'o, I'or* (!n-u, HUrtlnu
• I..1 Way MUllftiiS I 1 1***
faiO-tK Vall.J..."'.. '-^7t»ftf
COAAT LINK |N.rr»n U..DI).
(^..rtnf l|jrl»-'iKlraf»..l -
BiM* N«'Mlli.< l ':Mt"rilllo,M»ri.l.nti,Kill..ii 1 '
llftilUltirt.'r. »h > hai.'*<)rir«aiii\\V»<
•«ii«iii»M.'..,o..,,,....,.. ,. •>••»
, |«il Hr N««ar*. tlauUif Illo, hau Jn*«, Ni>W
AliiiM.fmi, I»i.||iiii, Iliiiilitar (Jruli,
Haul » C/ii4 an.i I iliioliial W*f
HiftUnna..... l»i*»»4
¦ill-tr |M«F*fk, Han .*«•», l.ca (Ulna. ...... t«l»«)«
•V.llti- Ilmt(<rt- Tr*l.i 'Nan Joa* «t1 W a/
<M\loni ,.,., tT.»ftf
OAKLANO HARBOR PSnnY.
turn I.I riMC!tC4-r»«t »f NtrkH Itmt (Hip *>-
tfilt 1 04< • HiM*.M. li« IN M9".
rn.aUtll.i«» fc .f.«.i|M.4«.;,-»itii0 Ja uO |»0#
. loop. ,«>, < ( '»« a ca tiQjr.M. :
COArVft MNti] lllroa.MlaM,.).
' «i I (»» r1*rt.1(Jiir»iid" Wijr Al«tiuii»,., ,,.,... «i4»»4
TlMA* Hurt A>t»& Mitil tV ay Htiiil'.iia,, ..,.,.. (»!«••»
/7i««* Na» AltHa.Wd ...,...,.. , v /•«!»•
*HI«A OflMt Una t<tnitr«t — ,*an .f..««,
«lllr,», »al)na«. H.r I.ula OWtpo,
irun**) llaitwra, l*j< AvgrUn uid _ .
principal l»l«rm<*<1lat» iUlln^i* .... I o.«3»
tinn» m.mi Jin*, ttti l'lii.>«. m«i.,« «'rn«,
l'-#f|H«! (IrillK. halluaa ftau I.«N • *
Ohlnpo «n.l Pf Incli al IntertiKdUU
Mt.lU.t.n ,,.. •l«O»
lOiilOA Han Jcm and WirMtallnna... ....... ¦i.«n»
I IiHOa N»n .!<>•• Mini Wmt Ml«i,li,i.» V: I ••
4SlilAp DaiiMaian, itedwo'vl, Mcnlu Park.
- Win Allo.MsutaOkra. Han Jna«.
Trf* riuoi, MantK Crii*. Ballnsa,
Mnnitror *••«< I'aeirla (itnrt .' (io.*l»
¦ i:i«»r h«i ,Ii,iii»»ii.| W.jr HiatliniK lia»r
MllAr *MiJii«eainl I'rlixfipnl Way Mtatl'im 5iSOf
4iA*r Sanart limited— Mondijr*. Werfnm-
dtfs, rridayi for l.o< Angelra, F.l
I'a«o New Grlaaaa and Kaw York.
Arrlt*« »und»r». Tuesdajs and
¦ Thurirtar* :., IOiI»»
f»i«Or Ban .late, I,o» Oatos and Principal
W«»8UUon «»jO«.
Sintr dsiiJnte ami Principal >Tay Htatloiuy •i.itff
Bt:iop H*'t Jiiim. mi>l W*y HUtiims /, 7>»9r
7iWr N«r Orleana Eirro'l — H»n Late ...
Olilspo. Bant* Harr>«ra, Lot An-
feles. D'mlnt. Ill faso, K*w Or-
le»na and E«»l 1IiS*»
1lt<ap »aii .»na«m;.t Way BUMona *****
A for M or n 1 1 1 1 1 • I < >r A f teruoon.
f Himrtay rxsAiiud. J hnndaj only.
ll»«u?4M onljr. . . / Tuff dij» »nd Triitj*^
Sahta Fe
Traiiis-Dauy. :M
L«»V» M>rket-street Ferry r>epot^ - .
> • liocai L.im'a lUvrl'U Local
¦ • • ,: . Dally Dally DaUy Dally
Lv. San Fran Y:2u a 0:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:1s a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
v •• Merced... 12:25 i> 1:17 p 1:10a tt:ll p
." Fresno... X«0» p 2::O p :!:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a ......
" Vlsalla... U:3»p fl:0O«
" Bak«rsfld 6:15 p ft:20 p 7:43 a ......
" Kan.. City ...... 2:40 a 7:S»a ......
"Chicago.. ......| 2:13 p »:0Op
a lor morning.' p lor auernoon.
0:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace 81«eptng Cars- and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to- Bakeraaeld for accommodation of
local flrst-clais passengers. No second-
class tickets ar* honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrive* at 7:0.1 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. ra. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresns
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. datly. .- . -.
8 p. m. Is th« Orerland Express, with
through "Palace and -Tourist Steeper* and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Carre-ponding train arrives at 8:00 p. m.
7:20 m. m. .is BsJcersfleld-Lecai. stopping
at all points In, Ban Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
-Offices— «41 Market- street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. . •
CAUFOBNUi NORTHWESTERN RY; CO.
• r • DESSE3S
SAN FRANCISCO ANJ NU»TH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. :. % '.\\
TIburon Ferry, Foot or Market St.
Snn Frnnclwco to Kan' Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-'7:30, «;W, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
:i:ao 6; 10. 4:30 p. m. Tburadays— • Extra
trip at ll;30 p. m, a»turd«iy»— Kutr* trips
. at. 1:60 and }f:.10 p. n. ¦
BUNnAYR-H:fiO. 0:3b. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. 3:M
»;0O, «:50 p. ra. ¦ ',
I t nn Itainel l-» Fan Franclaso.
WKKK ,UAX»~'<inQ, T:8U, U;W, U:iu a. m.i
13:4ft, J:»t>, B:ia p. m. caiurJay*— Kitr»
trip* at 1:66 and 0:45 p, m.
flUN»AY8-l!l«. »:*<>. 11:10 a. m.; Ii4fl, 3:40,
fl.cp. tt:2a p. m. ' ¦
Utvi - . I la jeffafli I Arrive*
Wan Pranulago. |Apr. tit, 1U01I Baa Krunelaeot [
Wt«k I • lun- I ¦ "- I fun. I WhU
•Utyi. | day*. | sD<»tlnatlon I days. I Daya, ¦
7i.i0am d:00«m Navnto, I0:40aml j!40an»
fii-'iiipm i»::»i«m I'suluma. a;onpm lOtSAan
ftsinpm j :00pm »anta Itnua. Ti36pm »i2Qym
'¦ • • Pulton,
T :30am Windsor, 10:3flara .
SlOOpm ll»«i'iahurc t0:40am
Lytton,
,' O«)rs«rvll|a,
fli.ippm •iflOatn ClovtrdaU, 7::iflpm .rt :30pm
7;3i'am tlOOpm Hepland \n.i0am io.j-,.,rn
¦ i< iUOpm XiOUam and Uklah. Ti.'iapm O.^Oytn
TfUOam" '¦" i-.'l " lio:4o«m 10:.'3ao»
liOOain aucrne vlll». (r^Opm
3:30pm BiOOpm T_ 8:30pm
7.30am 8;tKJam Sonoma B:iaatnf 8:40am
'•i and
B :10pm 6:00pfn Olen Kllwn. C:0Spm 0 :20pm
7::i0am| B:0oam| |10;40am|10:l'3am
a:30pm| fi:00pm| Sebastopol. I t :33pm | »:aopm
fitag«s conr.-ct at Santa Hosa for Mark
West Springs arid Whit* ttulphur Sprlngi; al
Fulton for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton
Fprlngs; at C«yfl*rvin« for Skaggs Springs; 4t
Cloverdal* - for th* Geysers; st Hopland for
Duncan Springs^ Highland Springs. Kelsey-
vllle. Carlsbad - flprtags. . JJoda lUy. Laktporc
and Bartlett! .Bpxlrigs; at Uklah for Vichy
Hprlngs, Saratoga .fiprtngs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
. Dell- Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo.
•Potter Valltf. John. Day's. Riverside. Llerley*,
'Backnell'*. Sanhedrln Heigbu. Hullvllle. Orrn
Hot Springs. Mendocino - City. Fort Brag*.
Westport. -Usal, Wllllts, Laytonvllle. Cummin*.
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olscn's. Dyer. Scot U
'Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at r»-
f 4uced rates. ... .
¦ On Sunday* round-trip ticket* to all point*
beyond Sao Rafael at halt rates. . ¦
Ticket i of fie*. CSO Market street. Chronic:*
bU H. dl cfWHlTLW . R. X RTAN.
-Gen. Managtr. ; Gen. Pasa.Agt.
mOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
¦l>ave'.'. Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran.' ' Foot of Market St. San Fran. .
Pig s^^is p M
4:13 P. llinOA i!'T-kaa»ti^ 1:2<S *• 3:M r -
|1:1.>P. *' a :.-*" kDv " > " l/ ' V-35F.
rtrt.'Sw rn«etw« tm Ku-nmt ul lUtvni. ft •>.
tVk« 0ft«i. ttU -HAit'LE". ItMir aad UOaiUZO HUl
aDr, Gibbon's Dispensary,
6219 jiEAnX&* ST. KatabllshpU
In' 1V14 for tlie Ireatmriit of l'ri\ ntn
DlN«>VHeii, Lost M., in, <.<.il. Debility or
(liscnflf «r«arlng»n body and mlmt ami
SKln Dlsenscs. Die Doctor corf»wli»n
nth*rs 'fall.' Try him. I'hnrgra low.
I'urrtfunrnulrril. Cull or wrlM
I1BSQX.8UU l*t«UClSC0. t**- .
from KJkV Hall, on Hnturrtay, at 10 o'clock,
Mf'tnbem will .aitf-cniblp at loUaeroom at l);4"
. o'clock^harp, Uy. order ; • .
. THOMAS' K.DUNN. Kxalted; Ilulcr.
LANE— Public rnemorlal oxercisjH fur the lalo
Dr. Levl Oooiier Lane, will' be held in the
mnlltc i-hini or Ooowr Medical Collide • 8un-
iluy, Munh t», at U o'clock. -
LAltK-ln this city, Kcbrunry SO,'ripos,' Cyrun,
hplovi-d husband of Mary, and father of Mrs
.1. O. Muck,- Mrs.. Oeorire Douglas. Mrs.
•lulltis Klein. Mrs. Albert. Ivnorp and Cyrus
K.tttid David IS. Lark, a native of Cornwall,
KnKland,- aeed 70 years, i ¦• ¦ ' r •
tCTFrlends and Jicqnalntances are respect-
fully Invited to ¦ attend the • funeral to-day
• (Saturday), at '£ o'clock, from the parlors of
Halstcd & Co;, 040 Mission street. Inter-
• ment : Cynress Lawn Cemetftry, by electric
car from ElKhteenth and Ouerroro street*.,
Please omit 'flowcra. ;..'.'" '• '¦'.¦''
McCUEKDY— In this city.' February 28, - 1002.
OeorireW. McCreedy, beloved father of Mrs.
L. .F. Nlles, a native of New .York, aped (JO
years 10 months and U days.
. « (CTFrlenda and acauaintaneea are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, . March 1,'nt 5o clock p. m.', at
hla late residence, _270.'<A/ Mlwion street. Re-
mains will ba shipped to Auburn. Cal., Sun-
day mornlnr, at 7 o'clock, for lntormen{.
MAlHiNKY-r in this city, February. 2S, 1002.
Jntr.es V.. beloved husband of the late Ellen
• Mahoney, and father o£ James Mahoney Jr.,
a native or St. John, New Brunswick; aged
CO years. :,¦"¦ > ¦ . . ¦ < ¦
(CTNotlcs of fuhsral hereafter.. 1 ',-.;
MUltl'HY— In this -city, February 28, 1002,
John, beloved husband of Bridget Murphy,
¦ and father of Thomas J. and Aliclu Murphy,
.. Mrs. j; Brxexlnskl and the late Mrs. It. F.
Walker, a ratlvo of County. Cork,- Ireland,
ac?d ti years. : ' .-
(CFrlends ond acouaintancas are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Nuncir.y), at 12:>'!0 o'clock, from his late real-
d slice, a?L Tenth street," thence to St. Jo-
seph'o Church for scrvicea at' 1 o'clock. In-
terment, Holy Crora Cemetery. .
ItY;\N— In thia city, February 27, 1902. Mary,
widow of the late Thomas Ryan, and be-
lovfil mother cf. Mrs. Sarah Houston and
Thrtmns, , I'oter A., Daniel M.- and the, late
. Mark J. Ryan, a native of County Meath,
Ireland, agod US years ii months and 27 daya.
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the /uneral to-day
(Saturday), at .i o'clock,, from her late resl-
dencn. LMIil Harrison street, thence to H*.
Brlgld'a Church, where a requiem high iiihmh
Will ho oejahrated for the repose of her bou),
commencing at 10 o'clcck,' Interment Holy
" Orn«s Cem^teryt < '
BMrnt—Jirthls city. February 28, 1002, James
Hrilth, beloved \iinle of J. C. Flood, and be.
lover] brother of the IhIc Ann Flood, a na*
tlv« of County I'ltvmi, Ireland, aged $0 yean*,
(pyTh* funernl will tftka pIhom to-morruw
iHiiinlnyl, ill OiilO u'fUn-h. from his Ute reiU
, (1bIh.«, (UOTi'eflt avpnu», thenoa ta Mt, I'atarN
1 Uhuri'li I ifui 1 sprvlo?" at 10, o'elnek, Inter'
mfiit prlvntp, ,JIoly <7rosi Cemetery, by 11)4U
o'clock train from Twtntv«flfih snrt.Vslen.
ela Biiffta, No flower*. A Wfjulem high
' niriti will Im ccletiratad Monday at Ht,
|',m>i'h Church for the i«iimi9 ef his «sul, ,u
• M ©'eloek.
HM1TII— In this elty, FebruHry 28, 11)02, Wh|.
tpf Heeft, beloved nori'or Kllen and th« \ma
' William Hnilth, nnd brother of William.
linl.fti am] A>1r|i- Hmllh, Mn. ,)nu\m Mur*
phy, Mrn, K. llsrretto, Mrs. II. Montgomery,
Mri, \i, Lnne, Min, A, llerniti'd and Mra, M.
Oanntn, a native of Hun Francisco, aged UH
vr-rno ;t tnontha and 2!) days;
. IC/'Notlc« of funeral In Hundny morning's
¦ p6l«<ft»,
BMITH^ln this elty, Vebtu&ty 28, 1902, WIN
Ham 11., beloved husband of Maria K. Bmlth,
and father of William II. .Jr., George F.,
Alexander D.. Mary E,, l-idmond O., Martha
A., Louisa A., Walter A. and Arthur O.
Hmlth and Mrs. A. W. Horwege and the late
Johana Ahlers, « native of Germany, aged
. 00 years 2 months and 12 days.
(t7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, March 2. 1002, at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 100i> Dolores street, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. Interment
private, Cynreas Lawn Cemetery, by electrlo
funeral car. , •. •
TKLKER — In this city, February 28, 1002,
William' H., dearly beloved husband of Ad-
dle Telfer. beloved son of William and the
late Annie Telfer, and brother of Frank,
¦Richard and Robert Telfer, Mr>. I. B. Koch
, «nd Mrs. George W. Cavanaugh, a native oi
Han Francisco, aged 30 years 7 months and
. 12 days. ¦ '
' . . E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 0:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 35 Stanley place, thence to St. Bren-
Han's Church for services. ! Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ;
PACIFIC PARLOR No. 10, N. S. G. W.'— Offl-
/ cers nnd members of Faclflc Parlor No. 10,
N. S. G. W., • are hereby notined to assem-
ble at the residence of our late brother,
- : William H. Telfer, SO Stanley place, Sun-
: day. morning, March 2, at 0:15 o'clock, for"
the purpose of attending funeral. — •
ROLAND M. ROCHE, President.
J. C. MILLER, Recording Secretary.
VAUGHN— In this city, February 2S, 1002, at
her residence, 030 Sancnez street. Mrs. E
Vaughn, wife of the late A. JI. Vaughn, and
beloved aunt of Mrs. Asa Phelps and Mm.
.^.E. F.. Twuy, a.. native >ot> Londonderry, -aged.
¦ 70 years. • ¦¦ •. >; • '¦•*¦ ;-. -.•'¦•....;
CT'Notlce^of funeral hereafter. 1 '•;-¦¦•• ¦-'•
VELISARATOB— In this city, February ; 28.
¦;, ll>02. Alexander, beloved son of Dlmetre and
. Vangelula Vellsaratos.a native of San Fran-
' Cisco, aged 11 -months -and. 6 days.
j- , ICTFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
.. (Saturday),. at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, Forty-eighth >«.venue, Sutro.
¦ Heights, ¦ and - thence . to --Greek-Russian
Church, Powell street, near Filbert, • where
services' will be held at 11 o'clock. Inter-
ment Laurel HIU Cemetery.
"WAHN1O— In this city, February 26, 1002,
Sophie, dearly beloved daughter of Hermann
and Ursula Wahnlg, and beloved sister of
Lizzie, Freda and Roy Wahnlg and the late
Hermann and Henry Wahnisr, a native of
¦¦(Alsace, Germany, aged 25 years 2' months
and 3 dayo^ . - ¦. •¦ > • . • ¦ -, ... - \,- ]
It7 Friends and acqualntances^are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Saturday), at 2 • o'clock, from . her late
residence,' '2816 Golden Gate avenue, near
i First avenue, and thence by carriages to
Cypress I.awn Cemetery for Interment.
WOLFE — In this city, February 28, 1002, Vau-
ieda Maud Wolfe, beloved sister of Mm.
Charles F. Stocking, a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 27 years. (Santa Cruz papers
pleaoe copy.)
. (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock, from the funeral
parlora of Charles H. J, Truman & Co., 1001)
Mlnslon street, between Fifteenth 'and .Six-
teenth. Interment at Santa -Cruz, Cal,
WONDERL10H— In Oakland, February 28
1002, John P, Wonderllch, ¦ father of Mrs!
• Kate Brandon. Mrs. Ella Miller, Mrs. Jesse
Watson and-H, Q, and H, W. WondeMich, a
native of Pennsylvania, aged, 71 years ' 3
months and 2,'i days. .
CyFrlenda and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the -funeral services
tomorrow ffundny), at 2:.'IO o'clock, at his'
• late borne, 10Q0 drove street, corner Twelfth.
Oakland, , . 'The report that Dr. W. Burgess JEstes
had been taken to a sanitarium at Liver
more, to be treated for a mental afflic
tion, is indignantly denied by Mrs. Estes,
who declares, her husband is in perfect
health and in no danger of- breaking
down, mentally or physically.
Dr.W. B. Estes in Good Health.
• The Cooks' Association of the Pacific
Coast. Inc., will give a ball a'nd supper at
Native Sons' Hall, Saturday evening,
March 1, that gives promise of being a
brilliant success. The feature of the af
fair will be the supper, prepared by tho
members, who are the principal chefs of
the citv. . - - •
Second Anniversary.
City Attorney Lane advised the Civil
Service Commission yesterday that an ap
pointee to the police force from Ihe elig
ible list of policemen who is serving his
probationary term is not eligible to take
the examination for promotion. The only
policeman affected by the opinion is
"Jack" Stelzner, who was appointed from
the civil service list on December 6, 1901.
Barred Prom Examination.
. Bophie Westerllnd was granted a di
vorce from A. V. Westerlind yesterday
for f Allure to provide. Divorces were also
granted to Ruth King from W. C. King
tor tali mo to provide and Jennie Brod
lU-ld-from A. C. .Bredfield for cruoltjv
Suits for, divorce were' filed by Grace' A.
Graham- against Thomas Graham, and
Max Stctniu against Rose'Stelnle for de
sertion. .
Spouse Is Still Living.
The'matriage of J. Johnson to Joseflna
Johnson w,as annulled by Judge MuraMty
yesterday. Johnson proved that hla wife
had a husband living when she became
his wife.
Marriage Because. Her First
Judge Murasky Annuls Her Second
MRS. J. JOHNSON LOSES
ONE OF HER HUSBANDS
George F. Gordon, a visitor from Fall
River, Mass., at present stopping at the
Kuss House, swore out warrants in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday for the arrest
of Viola Le Page and Ada Sweeney on
the charge of grand larceny. He alleges
that while he was in the Midway Plals
ance Wednesday night enjoying the per
formance the -two women came into the
box that he occupied. They had several
drinks, and after he had left the place
he discovered that .$325 had been stolen
from his pocket. Detectives Dinan and
Wren got the warrants and the two wo
men were arrested and at once released
oh bonds. They both declared that they
did not, take any money from Gordon and
said that if. he lost any money it was
not while he was in their company.
In a few minutes Petres had parted
with $390, all the money ne' had in his
possession. After thinking over the mat
ter he. decided to notify the police; and
yesterday morning swore out a warrant
for Gruber's arrest on the charge of grand
larceny. Gruber was arrested yesterday
afternoon by Detectives Dinan and Wren
and booked at the City Prison. He de
nies knowing anything about Petres'
money. -,----. ;¦ . ¦ . • ,
Antone Petres came from Carters Sta
tion a few days ago and Tuesday night
h© 'went to George Gruber's saloon and
dance hall, at Pacific; arid v Montgomery
streets. He became interested In one of
the. girls in the fiance hall and alleges
that.she induced him to play a game of
poker with Gruber. V ¦ •' .
, Two strangers to. the city have passed
through an unfortunate experience In hav
ing their money taken from them and yes
terday, both applied for. .warrants for the
arrest of the persons whom they accuse
of victimizing them. -?j-.?'i
Antone ! Petres and George F.
Gordon Say' They Lost
",-.'-¦ ¦ ¦ ; I Hundreds.
Visitors ; Cause Arrest
of Their Alleged
Despoilers.
CLAIM WOMEN
FLEECED THEM
News in Army Circles.
The transport Meade is scheduled ! to
leave for Manila this/morning. She will
carry about 850 officers and- enlisted men.
Major H. L.. Rees of the Paymaster's De
partment has arrived In this city and is
assigned to duty in the department. [ The
Twenty-second Infajitrv will leave the
Presidio next week to take "up "duty In
the Department of Missouri. - , . .
PROMPT steps were .taken-yester
day to secure . a guardian for the
person and estate 'of ".Rev. S. D.
Simonds, the aged -minister of the
Methodist' church, folio wing ..the
investigation and exclusive publication I in
The Call of the pitiful ; conditions sur
rounding the nonagenarian divine.'. :.
. Although- it was stated on Thursday by
all who were acquainted "with Rev. Mr.
Slmonds that he had no • relatives " in this
State. The Call yesterday learned that the
old man has relatives in! this city and in
interior towns of California.'
Mrs. Dr. Edith,C. Wells of 1603 Church
street is a grandniece of Rev. .Mr. Slm
onds and she was shocked when she heard
yesterday of- the sad state in .which the
old minister: had been discovered: '-' - '
Mrs. S. L. Fielding of 'iEdenvale,'; San
The case went over till half-past 10
o'clock Monday, at which time Lieutenant
Price will be called to the stand.
On redirect examination Mrs. -Johnson
taid che and Mrs. Morrissey were no
longer good friends because Mrs. Morris
sey had sold liquor without a license.
Dr. H. B. Kilbourne. brother-in-law of
the prosecuting witness, and Mrs. Caro
line Lavina of 867 Hayes street testified
to Mrs. Kilbourne's sober condition in the
afternoon and early evening. •- -
O. J. Preston, the Berkeley deputy Mar
shal who arrested Martin Flynn; testified
that the defendant had at first said his
name was not Flynn, but Sullivan, aui
that twenty minues later he had admitted
he was Flynn. but said he was Innocent,
and that Morrissey and Crouch had come
to ask him to go with them to take the
woman to the car, but he had refused,
as he had been riding and was tired.
Preston caused a laugh by saying that
Flynn was In the City Pound when he ar
rested him. It developed that Flynn had
gone there to stop with his friend, the
Poundman. to escape arrest until his ball
could be secured.
Sergeant Christopher F. -Blank told of
his share in the apprehensjon of the de
fendants.
Cause of Their Trouble.
Williams said in answer to a question
that Mrs. Kilbourne appeared as a person
"recovering from a period of Intoxica
tion." Confronted ,with his police . court
testimony In which .'he said that be, could'
not st8te 'whether <she* were* drunk or
sober. Williams claimed there was no
conflict between the two statements— that
he had only given his impression. Former
Judge Ferral. for the. defense, tfled to
get a stronger statement. from him and
he partially retracted what he had said.
"In justice to the woman." Williams
said. "I will not nail myself down to that
statement. . Her appearance nuiy Jhavo,
bern due to som* other cause.".
Mrs. Mary M. Johnson, who conducts a
saloon next door to the Morrisseys,. told
of Mrs. Kilbourne coming to her house
after the alleged assault. > JShe was per
fectly eure the prosecuting witness was
sober. She cave her a glass of whlfky
while she wjs brushing her and preparing
her to continue her Journey home. Mrs.
Johnson was not a witness at the police
court examination. Former Judg* Fermi
tried to get an admission from the wit
ness that she had toW others, notably a
young man named Melony. that Mrs. Kil
bourne was a little drunk, but that she
would do all she oouM against the Mor
risseys. Mrs. Johnson emphatically de
nied this, and a question as to her sister
having been on trial for the murder of Po
liceman Kennedy was not allowed. .
Discrepancies Explained.
The litNiiition of' the prosecution
de\ oted y«sterday-largely\txAcorrobora
ting th« features or Mrs. Kilbourne's tes
tlrauny concerning .'events; f olio w.T.K the
alleged attack upon her,' andVjnuch cumu
lative cvideL-ce was adduced^to" r s£how tt>at
the v.as not Intoxicated at the'tfjne oi
the assault andi 1 robbery. : - '• '\ '¦'.¦
The defense. will try. to sho'tn that Mre.
Kilbourne was under the'' influence ¦ of
liquor and; that she, lost . j her .hat: and
jewelry and tore her clothing- in^ejr fall
•while crossing the vacant, lot .near the
Morrissey home, and also. to show. malice
against the Morrisseys on the part of at
least one 'Important witness- for the
people. . ¦¦ .-¦.•; ..-
Patrolman Wollweber : ocmpleted his
testimony -at the morning session. It
added nothing that was new to the case.
C. J. Williams. 11 Arlington 6treet, lives
directly across the street from\£he Sulli
vans. He heard Mrs. Kilbourne's conver
eatlon with Mrs. Sullivan, the latter talk-
Ing from her window. He told of . ap
proaching Mrs. Kilbourne and seeing her
hair* disheveled and clothing torn. i.
The trial of Frank Morrlssey and Mar
tin Flynn on charges of assaulting and
robbing Mrs. Rose Kllbourne-on-.the^nlght
of December . IS. is drawtnghtp >a- close.
The progectiUon announced at';the r end;bf
the afternoon session In -Judge;; Trout t'i
court yesterday -that bul^one 1 jn3($re.*vlt t
necs for the people. Lreutenant Priced re
mained to be examined. -..;¦• ?*
Defense to Have Its First In-
ning Monday, After Price K:
Is Heard.
Many Witnesses : Swear
That Mrs. Kilbourne .
"Was Sober; i
PEOPLE'S CASE
GAINS STRENGTH
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAeCh' 1, 1902;
-''/Business men are satisfied when . thev
'.; lunch at. Cafe _Zinkand.'£^ -^ \ .•:
'. ..The/? amount • of 'money.; coined >. by the
local; Mint .during^ the; monthi; of Febru
ary Is $6,676,000. ' -Of ; this J sum, ' : $6,560,000 1 Js
in. double eagles and the remainder is in
»half dollars. "<'.:.¦ . ..:. ' ;
Mint's Coinage for February.
Chin Tie Deported.
Chin Tie. a noted procuress, was
ordered deported by United States Coum
Commissioner -Heacock yesterday Sh«»
claimed to be a merchant's wife and" there
fore entitled to ..remain, in" this '-country
This was 'disproved by Assistant UnltM
States Attorney B. L. v McKinley. Then
she claimed to be a native born American
but this was also disproved. Several ap
peals were taken, but resulted adverse
ly . to the woman and she will be '•ent
back to China on the next steamer
The Board of , % Bank" Commissioners' Is
sued a license for: a new bank at Dinuba
yesterday. The institution is. to be known
a3 * the Bank^ of Dlnuba". . Its authorized
capital is $25,000, which > is •„ subscribed in
full. 'E. Seligman has been elected presi
dent and H; Nordheim- cashier.
Issues License for New Bank.
Father Yorke and Editor McClatchy.
The rich, rare and racy controversy be
tween the priest and the' editor published
exclusively in Barry's Star to-day. Ask
your newsdealer for It. •
. . . Official . Loss to Present
\ Count. .' d«t», . Standing:.
G«orge Alper»..... i j'.10,O10 v --. 739 16.201
Fred N. Bent 1B.112 . «»4 16,418
Fr#d ERKsrs.... ..•..!«,»:>.'!: 771 15,181'
Horace Wilson...... 1«.51 7 ¦ 6r>3 15.8H4
John Coghlan...;...15,6Sifi af>6 JS.IWO
Thomas neajfan.....l5.4.'54 H75 15,050
Kd.-l.. Walsh..' 15.SS0 , . S«2 35,524
Thomas F. Finn. . ..15.595 356 ir>,2."!»
/ The recount was resumed In Judge Mu
rasky'n court,: yesterday and' seven pre
cincts, the '.Third, Fourth, Fifth, Ninth,
Tenth and Eleventh •: of . > the ' Forty-first
District and j the : Flr»t of the Fortieth
District, were counted: • The /candidates
who- lost and 'their losses for the day are:
Georgre Alpers, 34; Fred N. Bent, 81; Fred
Eggers, 34;;. Horace Wilson, 26; John
Coghlan,' 27; ' Thomas ' Reagan," 26; Ed I.
Walsh, 27; Thomas F. Finn, 29.
Up to date 1 there have been 127 precincts
counted. The present standing of. th9
contestants-is: ' ~iSS<fe.'?!HKffl
the Contest.
most Insures Him Success In
Walslr Now Enjoys a Lead That Al-
LABOR PARTY CANDIDATES
CONTINUE TO MAKE GAINS
Mains', partner, "W. Scott Gifford. was
arrested yesterday morning at Pacific
Grove, Monterey County, by Deputy Unit
ed States Marshal Gambles, Gifford was
employed at Pacific Grove as a telegraph
operator by the Southern Pacific Com
pany and everybody in the village knew
nim by that name, but the authorities did
not learn of his whereabouts until Friday
of last week, when the city editor of a
morning newspaper informed them of the
fact. As Gifford's name might have been
used by ilalns without his knowledge,
the United States Marshal requested Gif-'
ford's employer to obtain from him the
name of some friend in San Francisco to
whom, he could be sent in case of acci
dent. Gifford named Charles R. Mains,
3132 Twenty-fifth street, and said that his
mother was living with Mr. and Mrs.
Mains.
Gifford was accompanied by his mother
to the United States Marshal's office yes
terday. There ho wept and blubbered un
til his eyes were red and sore. He said
that he had been' acquainted - with Malna
about seven years— six years in "Michigan
and one year in this city. Gifford arrived
here last May. He said that Mains spoke
to him of the four bllllon-dollar syndicate
and Induced him to accept the position
of actuary without salary. He did not
think that four billions of capitalization
was an extravagant sum. he said, be
cause he knew that nearly all corpora
tions have larger capital on paper than
In the safe. He said further that while
he was eating In a restaurant In this city
last AuKuat Mains came In and intro
duced him to Dr. Charles E. Bennett of
Wausseon, Ohio, and had a ten minutes'
talk with Bennett on th« subiect of Mains'
oil.' stocks, bonds, railroad and realty
syndicate.- Last January Gifford signed
his name as actuary to the contract be
tween Bennett and the Imaginary syndi
cate, whereby Bennett, in consideration of
,the sum of KOOO to bo paid by him, was
to be made president of the syndicate nt
a 'salary of $5000 for the first year. J1000
being in cash and $-1000 in stock.
"But' through all these transactions Gif
ford did not know that the corporations
mentioned were purely imaginary, and be
lieved that Mains was engaged In a legiti
mate enterprise, he said.
As Gifford seemed to be something of a
fool with an aged mother depending upon
him for support. United States District
Attorney Woodworth and Assistant Unit
ed States Attorney Banning .decided to
use Gifford as a Government witness and
to release him upon hl3 own recognizance
Mains then argued a motion to quash
the Indictment, and the. motion was taken
under advisement. Asslsant United States
Attorney E. J. Banning will tile- authori
ties on behalf of the Government.
Charles R.' Mains, lato of >Iichigah and.
promoter of a syndicate of Imaginary
firms .with an aggregate capital of. four
billion dollars, spent two hours In the
United States District Court yesterday
morning in a futile effort to convince
Judge de Haven that he was entitled to a
writ of habeas corpus, . because of his
allegation that the Grand Jury had no
evidence on which to found the indictment
against him other than certain letteVs
written by him and the testimony of a
Postofflce Inspector who spoke only front
hearsay. Mains, when not engaged in
fishing for gulls with a four million bait,
is a lawyer, but he was not well versed
on the law of. habeas corpus, for Judge
de Haven denied the application.
W. Scott Giffbrd, Actu
ary of the Syndicate,
Is Under Arrest.
/B«ev. Dr. Brigg-g Speaks. I
¦evening,- and 'In speaking t of his visit to
the Rev. Mr. Simonds said: •
The first thing to do is to have a guardian
appointed tor the old gentleman, it . wm e™
tremely^. pitiful to see his appearance to-day
My. father was one of his old friends and Mr
bimonds did not know that my father was !
de . a w- *? her^ 18 n <>t the slightest doubt -in Iny
i tnitid -that Rev. Mr. Slmonds has been S
tally incompetent for tome years. He certain
ly ncjds proper- care amd<- treatment and wo
ohall, see : that he receives it. We 'have can- ,
.eulted our attorney as ¦ to .. the - sale of - his !
property and- if we find 'that any advantage'
was taken of Mr. • Slmonds when . he sold his
home, w« shall .take ; steps to have the -trans
action.set aside.' .The house and lot ; Is certain- 1
ly worth more than $2000. the. sum he -sold Iti
for. -If bo had received that sum and Mrs.'
' Hartwigsen had: agreed/ to take care' of-him
- Although- the old preacher' had' stated
on Thursday thatha had his money in
"the California; Bank," the cashier- of
that institution stated yesterday that the
He v. Mr. Slmonds had never had an ac
count there. The Anglo-Californian Bank
made the same reply. »' : ; .
The "Rev. Mr. Simonds* was asked by his
visitors yesterday where his money was,
but he could not tell them. The clergy
men asked Mrs.-Hartwlgsen If. she. knew
where he had' his money. She at* first de
nied having v any knowledge of hie finan
cial: affairs, but finally. admitted that she
had accompanied the-Rged minister to a
bank at the "corner of Sutter- and Mont
gomery streets." . . - \ .•//¦
She informed the visitors vthat she had
paid the Rev. Mr., Slmonds $2003 for hia
property, and .that. she had received. from
him the sunv of $8dO In "the- pant *¦ three
years for his board and lodging. , She
claimed .that the old man had begged of
her to make the purchase. , • "
V* Wh c?. n * B i t «* " "he knew of the Rev.
x mond i5 h f v J n Kany balance In a
bank Mrs. Hartwigsen made the remark
able statement! -"that'. she did'nbt think
so, as he spenl,money,:.reckle88ly by In
vesting in mining" stocks," j •»
.The woman again 'denied that she had
ever locked the Rev. Mr- Slmonds in an
?h^°Hf e Ji,' Xi \ G back yard, and claimtd
that ebe had always treated him .with the
greatest, kindness and consideration, and
that, statements of -the -neighbors to the
contrary; were malicious. »
' Unknown at California Bank.
.The reverend gentlemen' are "all ac
quainted with Rev. Mr. Simonds, and are
determined that' he shall be given. proper
attention for the balance of his. life and
his rights carefully guarded. . . ¦
The Rev/ Dr. H. 'F.. Briggs, :who con
sented to act as guardian for Rev. Mr.
Simonds; is one of the sons of the famous
Methodist of that- name, who- recently
passed away. Rev.' Dr. Briggs Sr.'was a
lifelong friend- of Rev.' ISJr. Simonds/
'After instructing '"Attorney ' Monroe to
draw up the papers for -a. petition in
guardianship, the clergymen proceeded, to
the house at 935 Clay- stre.et.~ where Rev.
Mr. Simonds Is living.'v ••',.!.'•,.' \ .
! Needless to say. they were not irefused
admission to the house, and Mrs^-Hart
wigsen allowed them to see >the-.Rev»\ Mr.
Simondb ' alone. The -visiting- clergymen
found the- old minister • in a J far:. -more
cleanly condition than he-, was when' seen
on Thursday, but he •was*, far fronTbelng
in a, state to meet their satisfaction.
. The clergymen held a.cdrtveraatlon v/ith
the 'Rev. ' Mr.. Simonds i and they; speedily
came to the concluslon^that he was men
tally, incompetent and > in need of a guar
dian, and proper medical ' treatment and
attention. ¦• .•"- ,'. ¦ ..¦ . • .
Will See Bights Guarded.
A ' conference was . held- , ; yesterday . by
Rev. Drs. F. D. Bovard, J. N. Beard. F. 1 K.
Baker and H. F.' Briggs, In the 'office of
Attorney Monroe. , The four clergymen
hadibeendeeply moved by the publication
in The Call of the story of -how. Rev. , Mr.'
Simonds had sold- his .property .'and-i was
alleged to be ill-treated by Mrs. Helene
Hartwigrsen, the ! woman who bought. 1 the
property; and who had been. paid. by the
aged minister. to take care of him.
This, morning a petition will. be filed in
the Superior Court by. Attorney; H. E.
-Monroe, acting for Rev. Dr. H. F. Briggs,
asking that the latter gentleman be ap
pointed guardian for Rev. Mr. Simonds.
Jose, and Mrs. Gillette of Los Gatos'are
also grandnieces of Rev. Mr. Simonds,
and Mrs. E. P. Townsend of Los'-Gatos
arid Mrs. S.. L. McCarthy of Los Angeles
are his nieces. " " •¦¦••¦¦
MAINS' PARTNER
IS LACHRYMOSE
Thft old gentleman had an ido^' th.it he was
possessed of mining stock that was worth mil
lions, but we ¦ investigated and found It was
worthless. He had a house full of furniture
and • I Fhould ? Judge i that the lot. with the
house and contents, -was fully worth (5000 or
$0000. I am grateful to The Call for Inves
tigating this. matter, though it i<» a -reat shook
to me to Bee this publicity. I have- tele
graphed to Mr». Fielding to come here; for
she Is- better acquainted with ¦ Mr. Slmonds'
affairs than I am. I**
I usually saw. Mr.- Slmonds tvo fin a thjve
times a month, -whenever I had a chance to call
at his house. About b\x months ago I taw
nun for the last time. .- In the last half year
whenever r called at'tho house I was told that
uncle was "either our: for a walk or in bed
asleep. I always ' Inquired how he , was. , and
Mrs. Hartwigsen assured me that -he was well
and happy. If at any time she was unable tn
attend to him all she had to do was to tele
phone me. .." ,
Knew Address of Niece.
She knew my address and telephone number
Sho was not an invalid up to the time I taw
my uncle last. I never had the slightest eua-
J>!cion that he was not being well treated or
that there was anything wrong aa to his finan
cial affairs. . •
The Rev. F. K. Baker -was also seen
last evening and made a similar state
ment, i ¦
Minister's Niece Makes Statement.
. Mrs. Dr. Edith C. Wells, the grand
ffil C o e w?nV h s ?a?e C m r en^: r - Slm ° nd3 ' ™«' the
relatives hav«» thought for many years that he
was mentally incompetent. When his w!ft w«
alive sho looked after his business afTa rs and
his personal comfort. After she died In ilSM
ho had a woman in the house who atterJAl
S m ," J ' r *O»ently visited htm after h wife
= L^ U - T . h i' ee /.5 rears aeo tt "oman.came to nie
and said the was Mrs. Hartwigsen. She
wanted 'me to use my influence with Mr Sl
monds and helpTicr to buy his property' As
she was a stranger to me I refused to do so
L was u s " r PrH$ed shortly afterward to learn
tnat-she had- bought the home and was living
in the house. Sho told my sister. Mrs Fluld-
Ing. that oho had given our undo $2000 and
had agreed to look after, him for the rest of hU
lire. r*o mention was ever made that Mr Sl
monds was to pay her any money for Ills board
and room. ¦ •-..- .
SE&SJ3& ° f ?J 8 H i e ' *5 e •"angement might
ha\e been considered a fair one. We alwavs
understood that 8 udh was the aVreemeSt and
™?»*«?.? Ui y rlged V ear Mrs - Hirtwlgaen ad-
? lt u. hat w she rec elved $800 from the oid man
for his board and lodging. If the court* ."
£?»« i m ? a "ul he E uardlan ot.lir. Slmonds. our
plan is to clther.have him live in his old home
t £ rop f r 1 attentl0I » or remove him to a pri-
GRANDNIECE OF AGED MINIS
TER AND MAN WHO WILL. ASK
FOR GUARDIANSHIP PAPERS.
Five Relatives of Divine
, Are Residing in
Califofnia.
Ministers ' Visit Aged
•'¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦¦ -^ \. .. V ¦ ¦ ¦ ; ' ¦
c Man and Declare He
Is Incompetent.
GUARDIAN FOR REV.S.D.SIMONDS
TO BE APPLIED FOR BY CLERGY
14
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY MONDAY TUESDAY
Granulated Best Cane Sugar, 23 lbs- $1.00
We (-uarantea full weight; no limit. ,
CHOlGt FAMILY FLOUR, oO-lb. sack. . 80c
Rer. 90c
BAKth'S UUCOA, Mb. can........ 20c
Extra special. Rer. 23c. «
WEBB'S CSEAM GOR^, can I2ic
. H. F. Webb Co. la th» finest corn. Packed
at Portland, Maine. Rex. 13c
CHOi'Jt print Reyes CREAMERY, square 45c
Rec. BOc.
FINrSi GH4MERY, our special, square 50c
Rer. 63c.
SANTA R»sA RANCH E66S, dozen. . . .20c
BEST MlSo.uti EGBS. dozen r.^22 3 c
Received (Jally. Rer. 23c
Kerosene tstar) Oil. D-»al. can. . . .$1.05
10c allowed for empty cans.
Tayhr Hne Old Whiskey, full quart. $1.00
Bottled and shipped by Wrleht A Taylor.
Louisville, Ky. A bargain. Rer. $1 50.
POTATOES — Salinas Burbanks, box. $1.50
Rer. ?1 73. Limit 1 box. * * .
FRENCH SUSAR PcAS. can........l2fc
Petlts Pols. Rer. 20c can.
McBRAYtiR WH.SKcY. quart bottle - - . 85c
Old Sour Mash. Reg! $t 13. ¦>>--•
By the ral.' $3. Rer. $4.
CARNATION CREAM, 3 cans 25c
Rer. 10c can.
MAC4nUM-SPAfiHETT', box 20c
Vermicelli. Rer. 23c
JAPAN HHAD R1C-, 4 IDs ..25c
Reg. 3 lbs. 23c.
TABLE FRUMS — 2Mb. can I2|s
Peaches, Pearr Apricots. Rer 20a.
STRYKER'i KITCflEH SOAP. ?4et .25c
Best Sand Soap. Rer. Be cak»
SMALL WHITE BtANS.fi lbs. !".... 25c
• Choice. Re*. 5 lb«, 23c
01 o, Pure, d'oiltt, l-gal. can. I... $1.15
Fineit tmp. OIiv t Oil from Toicaaa. Italy.
6RAPt-HUn;. package ,121c
CODrhH, ir Cholc8 Eastern. 3^ lbs.... 25c
gloss .starch. jsrSsT- 6-lb. bcr50c
• Extra barraln. Re*. 63c.
Borax Floating soap, 6 caiw 25c
White. Rer. So cakt.
•-£_<• 13*8-««34 M«rk«t R»re«f .
Opp. Seventh. Phone S. 203. No Branch PtniN«.
,•',' FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS /
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED RtMEfff.
MRS. W1NSLOW»3 SOnTHI.StQ JSY»U»
has b«tn u«»d for over 8IXTT ' YEARS bv
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for th»1r CH 1 1 nil rv
WHILE TEETHINO. WITH PERFECT SVC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES tho CHILD SOPTEN^
£?r?£ MS - i" 11 ; 1^! 3 "v" PAIN: CURES WIND
COLIC, and Is the belt remedy i for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by DrujrgLts In V,ery part of
tho world. Be sure and ask for »
MRS. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND
:.-¦•¦ , Twtnty-Hva C«nt» b Bottia-
*T» CH1CHSUTER-3 CNGLI8M
PEHBYROYflL PILLS
xsM^ Prompt Relief for
ftm^ Coughs, Colds,
Jlstfyma, \
J***^ . Bronchitis, \
*ffl s*£*$*^l H ou's 2 Dresses.
/Mr, J8t 'J£&5dr v>_8^ <9^^j^fS^> j^ Qt CX pensK"e-7-and yet eloquent
y^ rfm********** GOOD&s*^ /tributes ta -what skill and care aVid
""" . thoroughness can accomplish. Even
'We Close Every. Saturday Even- these N
ing at 6 0 Clock. At 95c are like Home-made
: ' Latest stripes in percales. Colors red.
Q — — — . — — -O navy, 7-inch flounce, extra wide.
t-r\ * f -j. C^ ¦**, M^'ir-i Ruffle of goods over shoulder edged
I O1I6L r^OaDS with a wash braid. Bishop sleeves.
luuvu soft cuffs, tight back, with belt, lined
'And Other Toilet to the waist. e-;&r
t> ,--,;,• ,V/7o Others at «1.2.-»-Rert and white, navy
JX,tul0l'OVLt:i>. and white stripes, trimmed with bands
¦' . ' • • »«,- of same goods over shoulder and round
First of importance is tnis — yoke; extra wide ruffle on front to give
n«^^T rt :iaf lflf* hr»v an Eton effect; plaited tight back, with
RO8e TOllet OOap # IUC DOX belt . 9 .i ncn n O unce on skirt.
" It is something new, perfumed, At .*5 1.4.1— Navy, light blue. pink, made
*u*i- in i box -'*» " of Percale; skirt has 12-lnch fiounce;
three cakes m a dox. very fuH gallor r edged
6 /Kirk's Toilet Soap. -.uC—^oiis- broidery; collar to match: tucked
eum. Elder Flower. Oatmeal and . whJt e yoke of India linen: high turn
Brown Wonder; half dozen cakes over cottar: tight box plait back;
* for 25c; ¦ - " bishop steevsa. ¦
fmStali?S a^rfn^e U^5c-Three hard At SI. OS-Best quality percale. In
iountam s>vrin^e. v*r S.i ze v 1 cadet, cardinal, black or white
T 0 iT e fi e po P ma1e 10c-Witn handle stripes; 12-inch flounce; 4% yards
U efc Jromace. iwt sweep; square yoke with deep ruffle;
attacnea. _ -p nOT ri»r ROc- Deli- edged with embroidery of same color;
H^S ut^T-^fTSpd shaped plaitsd back, with belt. Iine4-
p cately perfumed. __ Q | to waist line.
Women's Neck Ruches
Another Stirring Sale. )i
New and in Jieight of. style and perfection.
Four famous New York makers gave us their samples to
close out — some 350 pieces that
.Average Half Less Than Regular.
and this, too, before Easter! What an opportunity!
• —75c for ruches worth $1.00 and $i-2>
-— OSc for ruches worth $1.50. '
— $1.25 for $2.00 ruches.
-?1.5O for $2.50 and $300 ruches. ; /
;'-;.¦ _$2.5O for ruches worth $3.50 and $4.00.
>'/..; _,«53.5O for ruches worth $5.00 and $7.00. ,
—$5.00 for ruches worth $750. $ 8 -5<>. $1000 and $12.00.
They are made of good quality liberty silk, others of chiffon, others plain
dotted net, some of moline; all with long flowing and latest style ends, fin-
ished with juby trimming; they have shirred ribbon, many with fancy braid
Child's Lace Hose 25c.
These are the popular stockings for children, and we are glad to say we
have plenty of them, in three styles, all new patterns, heels and toes are dou-
ble. .The sizes run from 6 to.Q— iSc a pair.
Infants' Lace Hose 15c.
Fine ribbed and seamless, vertical lace stripe from ankle to top, blue,
pink and white, 4# to 6. . ¦ : ¦„ \
Women's Hose 10c. Women's Lace Hose 12\e
200 doxen In thre* ««£[•»»* «tyles. all piaIn blaekj wlth doub]e h to d
Ji?:^ga^?'Sfee? l iltrSSSS«S jo«-th. i«e. runs .11 the way round
rib from ankle to top. or black, with from ankle to top. Sizes, $4 to 10-
elastic hemmed tops. 12\aC.
Women's 25c Stockings at iqc.
Plain black, full fashioned hose, heavy weight: made from hard twtsteA
yarn, with double soles, heels and toes. The sort that gives good wear; every
size, 8% to 10. : -.V
/^lanicuringSBK 5^3JT^|®
Sjinest parlors in cif^/
iZjuIC' Oi
MIJO I|s|
UNDEBWEAR.
This lot of Underwear that's placed
°" sale to-day is made of best MUS-
L J^S and. CAMBRICS, and trimmed
with hemstitchings and fine tuckings,
embroideries, laces and insertions to
match. ABOUT FIVE STYLES OF
I^CT^ 1^ 0 " 0^^^ T °
NIGHT GOWNS.
38C * or 5 °c GOWNS.
45C for 65c- GOWNS.
68C for £Sc GOWNS.
75C for $1 00 GOWNa
95C for $1 23 GOWNS.
DRAWERS.
1Q C for 25c UMBRELIA' DRAW-
23C O 35 ° "UMBRELIfA DRAW-
ERS.
35C for 50c DRAWERS.
45C for 65c DRAWERS. '
65C for/OOc DRAWERS.,
WHITE SKIRTS.
35C for BOc SKIRTS."
47C for 63c SKIRTS.
65C for 03 <2 SKIR.TS. . .
9OC for $1 25 SKIRTS. . "
_Better quality Gowns. Chemiso,
Drawers. Corset Covers and Skirts on
to-day at a special discount of
iioc on rach dollar. ¦ ,
HOSIERY SPECIAL
We'llscll our regular 25c WOMEN'S
BLACK HOSE, full tinlsh, Herms.lorff
JaTr..?.". 5 ! 8 . 5 :.?. 1 !^' . 182
CORSET SPECIAL^
vOur regular $1 2a • CORSET, all
styles, any make, special price QQ«
to-day..:..............,....:.........: 7OC'
•Our. New York buyer made a chance
purchase of one 'thousand CHIL-
DREN'S DRESSES, mads of best
Percale, Gingham and/Madras. -Eacn
dress. is effectively trimmed. • On &aie
to-day/ at. - . ;
25c, 35c,50c and 75c.
Sizes *2 to 14 years.
4 Not. a dress among '.'em worth less
. - than-double.
WE'RE OPEN . TO-NIGHT: TILL : 31
1212-1214 -MARKET ST.,
; :: Between Taylor and Jones.
m preparing appctiting and [
wholesome food is /lightened; by :
tHisp famous baking, powder* ['"
a Light BlSCtfit
Delicious Cake
Dainty Pasties" :
rme Paddings
Absolutely pure* It aids';
healthful : qualities to the fool ':^S
The,"Royal; Baker *ndrPastry . Thcre^are cheap baking powders,
c ° ok . , '— most' practical and : made from alum, but .they are ex-> .- '
, valuable , of. cook ; books— ceedingly harmful to health. Their ¦
' J r^ to every .patron. Send astringent and cauterizing qualities'
; full address byy postal card. ,.sadd a dangerous element' to food. : (¦
ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., 100 WILLIAM ST., NEW YORK. .- : ' !••:'.¦¦•'