VOLUME XCI-KO. 160.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAIST FBANCISCO," FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902^
ST. PIERRE, WITH 20,000
DEAD, UNDER THE LAVA
ST. THOMAS, D.W.L, May 8, 7 R M.--The British steamer J^ddarh^f for Martinique,
returned there at 5 o'clock this afternoon, bringing a report that the town of St Pierre, Martinique, has been totally destroyed by yol
. canic disturbances in the island. Almost all the inhabitants of St. Pierre are said to have been killed^ The Roddam reports that all the
shipping in the port has also been destroyed. The Quebec Steamship^Company's steamer all on board. The
Roddam was almost completely wrecked. Her captain was seriously burned [and seventeen of her crew are dead.
Whole City js
Buried by
Volcano.
Matiy Vessels
Sunk.
SCENES *AT' "ST. PIERRE. ISLAND OF MARTINIQUE, WHICH IS REPORTED TO. HAVE aEEN TOTALLY DE
STROYED BY VOLCANIC DISTURBANCES. MONT PELEE IS STILL IN A STATE ' OF ERUPTION ' AND
MAT CAUSE FURTHER DISASTER ON '.THE ISLAND. . ", T ;' ' ". "
Continued on Page Five.
Continued on Page Five.
Continued on Page Five
Continued on'Pa^e Five.
¦\ The railroad bridge 'across the river was
telescoped"', by, v the . contraction of "tha
bank's, and \th'e wharf , . which * was \ Ocos'
pride, ; now; stands ?a monument \ to the'
earthquake's ruthless strength, a mld-
earthquake came ; and . squeezed j the / river
baiiksHogetheriit : f6rced . the wreck from
the mud'and'returned It, high and dry, to
the land of 'the' .livirij." ," - I (.' ¦¦'¦' r- :.]
The bed of the'river; gave up the ghost
of a, wreck! that s disappeared' in »the mud
five -years "ago. * The -spot has long, been
pointed out • as ', the grave ,of a ' sunken: ves
sel,", bun there / was no , sign visible I to ' . in
dicate tthat It was 'still y there." When the
vThe : river" banks .were squeezed; together
and 'the /stream -is' now twenty feet nar-'
rower '.than fbefore."^'- "•. •"% "¦/'. ' /At^-r •
/-There is;hot;a r house In Ocos left stand
ing on its 'foundation. ;./,-< I '¦*¦%", '";"•' j :
GIVES' UP! GHOST -OF 'SHIP.
I ceased. '¦'", Between j eacb/.waye" Is", a'j wide, ;i
deep crack,' and , the earth- in 'every Idirec-.
tion'-iS^serried.'by openings'of apparently |
"soundless; depth. .¦ ¦ -•'¦¦:• <¦¦'..•'»' „ .-. ..J "••,-" ,'|
< . The land upon which' Ocos stands ' was
; converted: by .>the . subterranean 5 dlsturb-
i ance • into ( a heaving ;> sea- : of . land and
; houses. v ThVearth rolled up In three dis
tinct waves/ which -still rear their crests
where '.they: stood . when; the '-* convulsion
'¦':¦ Further.; inland,', according to .cable
grams received" here and reports heard tri
Ocos by\ the officers of the Newport, : the
damage was .terrific and the ; loss ;of illfe' 1
' large. Tin Ocos, itself, however, there was
. more than enough -evidence of, the .frigrit
;ful convulsion: that' had" swept - the; land
'and left death': and destruction in its path:
- 'mala was ¦ shaken • up from end
to end by "a series of "terrific"earthquake3."
The shock, was. felt- aboard the- Newport.'
Jbut 1 it was . not ; until ".Ocos • was , reached
that those' on the steamship ¦ had'any'ldea^
; of the seriousness "of "the situation.". j .
PHE , steamship Newport, which
arrived yesterday from Pan
ama and .way : ports; was at' La
' Libertad j on the ' night of -April
c 18, when the republic of^Guate-
/Captain Sauriders says that he felt the
shock very distinctly. .- The Newport was
lying 'at.. La Llbertad. . He ' was in the
cabinl ; The "vessel shook, from stem to
s tern ¦ and '; he sent : word to the chief en
gineer, asking him why he found it neces
sary, to turn over the engines at that time
of night." 'Long before the quaking ceased
¦he , had • found , out that , something more
powerful than the Newport's engines was
responsible ¦ for the' vibration. Frequent
shocks 'were "experienced all along- the
coast," and .when Ocos was reached he got
.;;InOcos the loss of life in the republic
-is" estimated. at. 200. .which is considerably
•lower ; than-^stated in "the I cablegrams ¦. re
tceiyed.. some Todays agol Thousands of
. people -. have - been rendered homeless,
'however, ' and . the ' fear inspired i by the
terrible experience has taken , the heart
but of the bravest.
Kv ;^A : ' ; 'GIRL'S EXPERIENCE.
sh 4 apeh"mass.of,badly tangled angles.
Newport Brings Details; of iUpheaval^h^s^ses Earth in Great
-Waves^a
MIGHTY CREVASSES SHOW
THE EARTHQUAKE'S FORCE
Sloping up from the city on the north
east and the southeast respectively, at "a
distance; of ; five miles, Morit; Pelee ! and
the three-crested "Cabret culminates ,' in"
sharp ; peaks - some 4450 feet in height,
clothed with verdure to the very, points. ":
'Mont Pelee, though generally quies-;
cent, was in a> state of eruption in the
y*ar ) 1851, when much damage was done. 1
The' whole island • is covered with ' moun
tains set with numerous cones: all at one
It was founded In 1635 by Esnambac and
is one of the most picturesque cities In
the whole West Indies. -Its botanical gar
dens are among the finest in the world.
It lies. on a .bight of the northwest coast
of the island, where the slopes of Mont
Pelee and the three-crested Cabret come
together at the sea. The warehouses and
factories He on the small piece of flat
ground next to the sea. while the .resi
dences are up on the hillsides. It has no
harbors, properly speaking, but the road
stead is well protected by the island itself
except on the west and southwest. The
country around is very populous, as is in
fact the whole island, on . some parts of
which there are more - people to . the
square mile than even in the thickly set
tled industrial centers of ' England ; or
Belgium.
St. Pierre, formerly the "second but for.
the last • thirty years the principal city
and part of the island of Martinique,' had
by late census a population of about 23,
500 souls. It is situated on the northwest
coast of the island, about fifteen miles
above Fort de France, the capital.
lation of 23,500.
Modern Pompeii Recently Had Popu-
DOOMED CITY OF ST. PIERRE.
are showing signs of activity. De
tonations are audible in all the
northern islands.
A dispatch to the Times from
St. Thomas, dated Thursday,
says that smoke and fire from St.
Vincent are visible frpm St. Lu
cia. It is reported that the cra
ters on the island of Dominica
LONDON. May 9.— A dis r
patch to the Daily Mail from St.
Pierre, Martinique,' dated Thurs
day, says that the eruption \ ot
Mont Pelee continues. , The
Guerin factory was overwhelmed
with boiling mud on Monday.
Twenty-four persons are' known
to have been killed.
Loud noises were heard con
tinuously, he said, and these were
ascribed to. volcanic- action.
Guadaloupe recently suffered ter
ribly from an earthquake Only
last month hundreds of lives were
lost in Guatemala from the same
cause.
Guadaloupe and Martiniqne
are neighboring islands, both be
longing to France. Consul Ayme
reported that telegraphic com
munications with Martinique
were broken in every direction.
He said also that great conster
nation prevailed in the vicinity
of his post in consequence of the
earthquakes and volcanic ac
tivity.
, ALL; BUREAU,- 1406
/^^ G STREET, W.;
f_y WASHINGTQN,; D.
TClJJr q M a y 8.— Advices
came to T day .<- from , . Louis H .
Ayme, United States Consul at
Guadaloupc, in addition to
reporting ' that seismic disturb
ances had ; occurred there, . said
that he had been informed that
hundreds of people had been
killed in and about Martinique.
People Perish
in Deadly
Torrent.
Aw fu/ Stream
From Mount
Pelee.
Discussion of the Philippine bill in the
Senate to-day, while it scarcely abated
In bitterness, took on an amusing phase.
In a breezy epeech Dolliver of Iowa made
euch a good-natured and yet such a sar
castic arraignment of Carmack of Ten
jiejysee that Senators and occupants 01
the thronged galleries were convulsed
¦with laughter. "While -seemingly consid
erable temper was aroused by the debate.
SENATORS STILL
Senator Patterson requested that the
daughter of Sixto Lopez be summoned.
but the committee took no action.
Sergeant Manning placed the first oc
casion he had seen the water cure admin
istered at Leon, island of Panay. He said
some Filipinos were supposed to- have
knowledge of the murder of Private
O'Hearn and Captain Gregg ordered wit
ness and the men under him to apply the
water cure to. them.
Sergeant Dube said that while doing
duty at Jaro, In the Island of Panay, he
conveyed a native, apparently of wealth
and education, to the house of Lieuten
ant Conger. Eighteenth Infantry, where
the lieutenant. Major Glenn and three
privates of the Eighteenth Infantry ad
ministered the water cure, apparently
without any cause. The witness described
the burning of houses during a march
across Panay and told of the act of their
native guide In cutting off the head of a
Filipino with a bolo before the troops
could get him to surrender.
WITHOUT ANY CAUSE.
January H. Manning of Boston, of the
same regiment, said the water cure was
administered to natives by order of Cap
tain Gregg to secure a confession as to
the death of Private O'Hearne, who was
burned to death. He said there was no
doubt of the guilt of the parties. He also
testified to the kind treatment accorded
to Filipino prisoners.
Isador II. Dube of Watertown. Mass..
formerly sergeant in Company A, Twen
ty-sisth Volunteer Infantry, testified be
fore the Philippine Committee to-day. He
saw the water cure administered to a
native in the presence of Lieutenant Con
cer and Captain Glenn. He also told of
the burning of houses in the Island of Pa
rtay. He cited a case where a woman
•was put into a house with fifteen male
prisoners. He said the Filipino prisoners
and the peaceful natives were treated
with great kindness by the Americans.
The verdict of the Smith court-martial
has not yet been received. No one doubts
but it will be acquittal. It is pointed out
that the court would hardly convict Gen
eral Smith lor conducting a campaign that
had received the approval of the Secre
tary of War.
WILL BE ACQUITTED.
In the Senate there has been no dispo
sition so far to justify the "kill and
bum" order of General Smith. On the
contrary. Republican members of that
body have severely criticized it and have
stated that the abuses were not approved
by the administration.
In some quarters the disposition is to
believe that the Secretary of War is so
dissatisfied with the course of events that
he may resign. It is pointed out that he
•would hardly care to remain at the head
of the department if Congress should re
fuse to indorse his approval of the Bell-
Smith orders.
CALL. BUREAU. J406 G STREET. X.
TV.. WASHINGTON'. May %.— Secretary
Roofs justification of the methods pur
sued by General Smith in Samar and
General Bell in Batangas is rather sur
prising to many of the Republican mem
bers of Congress. The question h^s nat
urcily arisen why an order by cable for
the court-martial of Smith should have
been sent by the Secretary of War if he
approved the retaliation methods employ
ed^ It Is well_xmder?t»<*i._thsLt_,ihalorder,
f«->f the ccui J>martlal was prepared at the
White House, but it bore the signature of
the Secretary of War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Further Testimony Is
Heard About the
"Water Cure."
The quarrel between Bull' Campbell, Thomp-
That affiant on the 21st day of March. 1901.
wrote a letter to beorse C. Perkln». United
States Senator from the State of California.
Indorsing J. F. Thompson for reappointment to
the office of Receiver of the Land Office at Eu
reka. Cal. At the fame time «ald Sterling A."
Campbell was a candidate for reappointment
to the offlca of Collector of the Part. That
said Camobell was reapDOlnted to said office
about the day of December. 1901. That
aa soon as he was he Joined witto
one C. S. Milnes In predicating charges against
Thompson and used every endeavor to prevent
his reappolntment. That I w» Invited to the
office of the Collector of the Port to meet him
regarding the matter. That he told me at that
time that I must withdraw my support of
Thompson and write letters to Senators Bard
and PerUns and Congressman Coombs Indors
ing John Boll for the position. I told him that
I could not do it without stultxfyir-s myself
and that I would cot do it-
At that time I was a .candidate for Congress
from the First Congressional District and
Campbell informed me that unless I did as he
suggested in the matter that the support of
the machine of Humboldt County would be
given to my opponent. I . told him he va*
asking me to do a dishonorable thin? and I
would not. for the sake of the office or for any
other consideration do what he asked me. .We
had a number of meetings, both in hia office
and in mine, in which he sought to force me to
withdraw my indorsement of Thompson. I tolj
him I had no interest in Thompson's nght and
that J would not interfere with It.
He informed me that that was not what
they wanted. He said that in order to prevent
Thompson's reappointment Senator Perkins
must be reached, and that I was the only one
through whom, he could be reached, as I was
a hold-over Senator and he was looking for
re-election.
I i told him that Senator Perkins would not
place a very. high estimate on. any promise of
support of mine should I treat Thompson as
be (Campbell) desired me to. He said pos
sibly it would be a gocd thing to bring Senator
Perkins to rime and give him to understand
that be would not get any votes from Hum
boldt i County unless he took the position dic
tated by Bull and Campbell. He further stated,
that Bull was very angry against me and said
that whenever he had asked me to - do any
thing he had round me on the other side. Us
then told me that if I failed to accede to Bull's
wishes that Bull would spend no end of money
to defeat me* for the nomination.
EUREKA. May 8.— The opponents of
the ring that has so long shaped the po
litical history of Humboldt County are
"carrying the war into Africa" and the
boasted plans of Sterling A. Campbell,
Collector of the Port of Eureka and a
leading spirit' of the ring, to send a Gage
delegation to the State convention, re
gardless of the will of the people, seems
certain to be knocked sky high.
Campbell has been formally charged
with, corruption and offensive partisanship
and Ma removal by the Federal authorities
demanded. Affidavits accompanying the
charges throw light upon the little bos 3'
conduct of affairs in his own little princi
pality.
The complainant is A. B. Buhne,
Councilman. and his allegations arc
straight from the shoulder. The com
plaint was sworn to April 30 and at one©
forwarded to Washington and with it
were* sent affidavits by State Senator
Thomas H. Selvage, W. T. S. Hadley,
Arthur W. Hill. Stephen Hill and William
N. Speegle, all of whom support by their
allegations the charges made by Buhne.
The affidavit made by Senator Selvage
and published yesterday by Councilman
Buhne in connection with the sewer pips
scandal was one of the documents aent to
Washington with the charges. It had no
connection whatever with the sewer pipe
affair and its use to discredit Buhne's op
ponents in the Council ,1s regarded as ill
advised. In addition to the direct charge
of an attempt on Campbell's part to hold
up the telephone company, Selvage gives
some inside political history that has set
the county agog and Is certain to have
Important bearing on State politics. He
alleges as follows:
9'':-} INSIDE MANTJEVEBS.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Brews Big Sen
sation.
Poiitics in Humboldt
Co Hector of the Port
Is Vigorously
Dissatisfied With the
Events Concerning
Phffippines.
Secretary Root Now
Expected to Soon
Retire.
Eureka Citizens Make
Charges of Cor"
ruption.
CABINET
TO LOSE
MEMBER
DEMAND
FEDERAL
INQUIRY
The San Francisco Call.you as long as you do not make any trou
ble.- There Is no disgrace in it for. you,
for both Washington and Catherine were
left out of a former will." ! ¦;'.'- ;"'»
Paul Ford was called to the stand and
when under cross-examination testified
that there was a sentiment among the
brothers and sisters that Malcolm should
have a share of the estate of his father if
his future life was such that he would
command respect. He explained that he
meant by this that his brother should
give up all athletic sports. After testi
fying that his father had died from ty
phoid fever, he said:
"I do not see why Malcolm should get
any of the estate, as my father had laid
down his life to save Malcolm. He gave
a worthy life to save an unworthy life."
Paul For* denied that he had entered
Into an agreement to share the estate with
Malcolm, and- said -that .the sentiment to
share the estate ' provided Malcolm gave
up athletics originated with his mother,
who has since died.'
Police Captain Brown said to-night that
RICHEST WOMAN IN AMER
ICA. WHO GETS PERMIT TO
CARRY A PISTOL.
THE YOUNG NOVELIST AND
BROTHER WHO COMMITTED
MURDER AND SUICIDE.
Malcolm Ford called, as he had often
done, and went to hia* brother at -his
<3eek. Words •were exchanged in a tone
bo low that Miss Hall could not hear
what was said. Suddenly there was a. re-
At the time of the shooting there was
in the house besides the two brothers
Mrs. Leicester Ford, Miss Elizabeth R.
Hall, the novelist's secretary, and the ser
vants. Mr. Ford was sitting at his desk
in a corner of his library. It is supposed
he was busily engaged at some literary
task. Miss Hall was at her desk In an
other corner of the room, , about thirty
feet from Mr. Ford. Mrs. Paul Leices
ter Ford was in her own room, at the
front of the house on the third -floor.
and athlete, who immediately
cent a bullet into his own breast, dying
Instantly. The shooting occurred at 10:20
a. m. in the handsome, new mansion
which Paul Leicester Ford had built at
27 . East Seventy-seventh street and had
occupied for about a year. ..
NEW YORK. May 8.— Paul Lei
cester Ford, novelist, was .shot
and killed to-day by his brother.
Malcolm Webster Ford, writer
revolver, and that is why I got this per
mit.
"What can be done In these days? Law
yers want to gobble up everything. When
meat is out of your mtffkth and Ice is out
of your mouth the poor must look out for
themselves. . My father died In 1865, and
I have been trying ever since to settle up
his estate. A firm of lawyers in Wall
street had the work of doing it, and now
the estate is a million and a half short,
and they have books which are necessary
to a settlement and won't give them up.
I can prove that they hooked these bowks
by a letter in which they acknowledged
it."
. ; TOPEKA, Kans., May 8.— At the opening
session t of the Kansas Temperance Union Con
vention in this city to-day reports were given
. from ¦• nearly ¦ every county In < the ¦ State - upon
the effects of the prohibitory law. .-'Without ex
ception - the • resorts sa id t he la w was success
fully ' enforced." ' . ¦
The statute allows non-re3idents. - to
bring all wearing apparel and other per
sonal effects in actual use and appropri
ate to the purposes of the journey .with
out regard to value., Heretofore the
ruling has been that' persons J.who had
spent two years j oc longer abroad and had
here a fixed place of ! abode for one . year
or i more, . were ' considered non-residents
within "the meaning of the customs law.
Hereafter officials or employes will, be
discharged, should they accept a' gratuity
or tip » under any circumstances ; while in
the discharge of their duties. ;
Ladies desiring to have their baggage
examined privately will" be granted ,the
privilege ; whenever '-the steamship \ com
pany has provided a suitable place., : , Sev
eral j companies^ have promised ;to • make
this ' provision. :> ; .
: The free s admission of any article r that
was taken abroad as baggage provided
it is brought back as baggage and accom
panies the owner.' .'- : «j •¦ ¦ - ,
The hundreds dollars exemption may
hot.be claimed on wearing apparel, arti
cles of personal adornment, -toilet articles
and such other things as are commonly
purchased by American tourists and are
in ¦ the possession of the person bringing
them and not for' sale.. :•- ,- !
WASHINGTON, May 8.— Secretary
Shaw to-day issued amended regulations
governing the inspection of baggage of in
coming passengers at the ports of the
United States. The Secretary also has
prepared a circular which' will be | dis
tributed among passengers on all outgoing
steamers, giving information as specific
as possible as to the rates of duty on
goods usually purchased abroad by tour
ists;, what articles may be brought in free
of duty, etc. Another circular issued to
day will be distrbuted at sea among in
coming passengers containing forms - of
declarations and other information, of
which . travelers . are usually in more or
less i ignorance. Another circular is ad
dressed to collectors and other officers
of the customs service giving them par
ticular instructions as to the examination
of baggage and the courteous treatment
of passengers. \ . ,.
. Among the more Important modifica
tions are. the following:
to Govern Customs
Inspectors.
New Rules Are Issued
f Railway Extension Is Completed.
ARDMORE, :I. T.; , May 8.-Completion
of the Hartshorne'-Ardmore extension of
the Choctaw, -.Oklahoma and Gulf road
was made to-day. ; This morning at 9.
o'clock the last spike was driven at Dur
wood, when two forces of track-layers,
met. The extension is 116 miles long and;
passes through the central portion of
Chickasaw Nation,* tapping a fine coal re- !
gion. The 'Choctaw was recently pur
chased by the Rock Island road and will;
probably build from Ardmore westward.'
Vice President Holden of the road says
that regular. train service will be put on:
in a few days. This road has railroad:
connection .with Memphis and a direct i
line to the East. '
Award Carnegie .Scholarships.
LONDON, May 7.— At this morning's
session of the Iron and Steel Institute it
was announced that the Andrew Carnegie
scholarships to carry on research in met
allurgy for this year had been awarded to
a Mr. Campbell of New York, to three
Englishmen, to a Parisian and to a resi
dent of Berlin. Three scholarships were
awarded in 1S01, but Carnegie was so grat
ified with the results then obtained that
he doubled -his donation. •..
It was saidi to-night at the apartment
house in which Malcolm lived that he had
talked frequently of late of being . in
financial difficulties, and that things were
•'going wrong down town.". He was the
editor of the New Centaur, a monthly
devoted to the interests ¦ of \ the automo
bile, and published by the New Centaur
Publishing Company. It could ; not be
learned whether or not Malcolm had any.
financial interest in the publication. - On
Tuesday the company • failed and • a re
ceiver was appointed. The failure of the
company would explain to an extent Mal
colm Ford's pressing need of funds, and
would tend, to 'corroborate the; presump
tion of Miss Hall, who said ship thought
i the conversation between the two broth
ers just before the shooting was concern
ing money matters, and that Malcolm
-had again asked- for financial aid.
It was decided to-night : at a family
council that the two brothers should be
buried together. The funeral will be held
Saturday - morning- from ' the „ residence.
To-night the bodies were laid out together
in adjoining upper rooms of the house.
Malcolm Ford leaves a son about 7 years
old.
Malcolm W. Ford was born in Brook
lyn, February 7, 1867. He was educated
at the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute. He
took up athletics while at school, and for
a number of years won championships in
this country and Canada, and, in the 100
yard run, /220-yard run and quarter-mile
run, as well as the 120-yard, hurdles, run
ning broad and running high jumps. He
¦married a daughter of Robert Graves, a
wall-paper manufacturer, but they were
divorced. .,
Paul Leicester Ford was 37 years old
and a novelist of much note, "Janice
Meredith" and "The Honorable Peter
Stirling" being his most popular novels.-
He was married about a year ago to Miss
Grace Kidder, daughter of Edward H.
Kidder. of Brooklyn. . He was the son of
Gordon Lester Ford of Brooklyn, who
died eleven years- ago and left an estate
of some $2,000,000, divided among his
children, with the exception of Malcolm,
who was disinherited by the will. ,
CAREERS OF THE FORDS.
Malcolm Ford had for some time been
causing uneasiness to the family through
evidences of an unbalanced mind, and de
clared that in his opinion he attacked his
brother during a period of temporary in
sanity. .
"The cause of Malcolm Ford's action,"
said Captain Brown, "can be explained
by inference. For some time past his
financial affairs have been pressing him,
and he had repeatedly asked and received
material, assistance from his brother. It
is presumed that his importuning had
been such, and his demands so excessive,
that his brother had been forced to re
fuse further aid." j
Three j firemen Crushed! to Death.
DUBUQUE A Iowa. , May " 8.— Three fire
men were crushed. to death: in a.firo at
the. Iowa Iron^Works to-night." The dead:
Frank " Ganahle, : aged 35, , captain . of -the
chemical- company;. John -. ' Fitzpatrick,
aged 38, truckman; /Charles Wise, aged
25, truckman. > Financial loss, $15,000.
When Malcolm was called to the stand
in testify in his own behalf he said that
shortly after his father's death his brother
Paul had spoken to him about the will of
his father, and said:. "I- think you are left
out of the will, but -we; will take. care, of
It is said there was enmity between the
two brothers and that it was of . eleven
years' standing; that never since the
death of their father, have they been on
intimate terms, 'mis alleged enmity on
the part of Malcolm is said to have been
brought about by the fact that the father
of the boys disinherited Malcolm and that
this action on the father's part was be
cause he did not wish Malcolm, to devote
himself to an athletic career.
Mr. Ford, the elder, left a will in which
he made no mention whatever of Malcolm,
bat divided his large estate in equal parts
among his six other children. Malcolm
did not contest the will, and it was admit
tsd to probate shortly after his father's
death. He told his friends at the time
however, that an agreement had been en
tered into between him and his brothers
and sisters by which they had promised
to share with him their father's estate.- !
In May, 1894, Malcolm Ford brought suit
against his brothers and sisters in the
Supreme Court in Brooklyn toi compel
them to live up to the alleged' agreement
Thfi alleged agreement was a verbal one,
and as Malcolm, Ford ..was unable to ad
duce proof of it. the court decided against
him. •"*/'¦ " •
AH OLD ENMITY.
Dr. Barch said that the murder was the
result of temporary mental aberration on
the part of Malcolm Ford, due to nervous
exhaustion.
Mr. Kidder refused to make any state
ment as to the shooting except a brief
(memorandum, which was given to the
police. In this it was said that the cause
or the shooting could only be surmised.
Information from other sources makes it
appear that Malcolm Ford called, to get
money from his brother, and, meeting
vrlth a refusal, shot him. . "
Just what disposition of Malcolm
Ford's body was made, after the shoot
ing, could not be ascertained, but it ap
pears from the statement of certain per
sons acquainted with the details of the
tragedy that the body lay where it fell,
on a rug in the library, for some time,
possibly several hours, so great was the
excitement in the house. In fact, the
murder and" suicide were not known- to
the Coroner until about 2:30 p. m., and not
to" the police until 4:25 p. m. Dr. Barch
said that the time between 10:20 a, m
and 2:30 fl. m. passed so rapidly that no
one in the house realized it Much of the
time was occupied in trying to telephone
to the father of Mrs. Paul Leicester
Ford, Edward H. KIdder of Brooklyn,
who was the first person to arrive after
the I physician.
BODY IS OVERLOOKED.
The bullet which killed Paul Ford just
grazed the top of his heart and passed
through a large artery ascending from it.
The bullet which killed Malcolm Ford
was fired with the same accuracy of aim,
for It made a wound scarcely an inch
lower than the one which killed his
brother. In fact, the wounds were al
most identical.
Meanwhile Malcolm Ford had called
her. As she turned toward him he placed
his revolver, to his heart, fired and fell,
dying instantly. When Miss Hair turned
to look at Paul he was still standing at
his desk, but rapidly losing strength. She
helped him. to a sofa and then ran next
door .for Mr. Ford's physician, Dr.
Emanuel Barch. In less than live min
utes Dr. Barch arrived and the dying
man, still conscious, was carried up to a
room beside his wife's and placed upon
nis bed. • He spoke to his wife and aEked
the doctor for his opinion, showing that
he expected death and was going to meet
it calmly and bravely. A few moments
later, about twenty minutes after he was
shot, Mr. Ford died.
SUICIDE OF MURDERER.
volver shot, and Miss Hall, jumping up,
darted from the room. Then, according
to the statement of the police. Miss Hall
said to herself that she must act more
bravely and re-enter the library.
NO GRATUITIES
FOR OFFICIALS
tv V EW "SfOHK, May 8.— Mrs. Hetty
f^k | Green, the wealthiest of American
r/\! women, fearing that lawyers and
J^ various other persons" had con
spired to kill 1 her, -has obtained a
permit to carry a revolver. She is the first
woman to receive such a permit from the
New. York Police Department. The law
yer concerning .whom- she complains
looked visibly annoyed when he heard of
the permit and what she said about him,
and remarked that she should not be
granted such a privilege. .
Of 44 caliber is the weapon, and It came
originally -from California, where Mrs.
Green says it was presented to her by a
grateful public. She wishes to have it
always^near. She would like to lay it on
the taifle while she talks over her litiga
tions with the. disciples of Backstone.
who may have legal aces up their sleeves.
She is of the opinitKh that the lawyers
have not been treating her fairly. ,
"When my father is murdered, Bhe
said "when my husband dies from an
overdose of mercury, and when my
daughter says to me that she would have
her hair cut because it is too heavy for
her, were it not that she believes that she
had only a year to live, it is time forme
to look out for myself. I was advised
by some very shrewd persons to carry a
"It may be but a 1 very short time until
I' shall join the twenty-five colleagues! 1
had in the Confederate Senate, and, I did
not want .this statement to go on the
record of this country without my state
ment of those facts and my solemn denial
that there is a shadow of truth in this as
sertion which has been going the rounds
of the newspapers -of the country for the
last few years." 4 /
Vest said that he considered It his duty
to make his statement in order, that his
tory may not be falsified; in order that
the men who -were said to havo. refused
this offer at-the hands of President Liu-,
coin! should not be. made to sin in their
graves, adding: "For if they had refused
what was said to been tendered
them by the President - they would have
been accessories to the' murder of every
man who fell from ; that time In defense
of the Confederacy and they would have
risked everything, that Is held dear
among men in defense of the Confeder
ate cause." ' . >
While the deep silence still reigned in
the chamber as he spoke and with every
eye directed toward him, Vest closed as
follows: • ¦ , i > •
"This account ' of that encounter," con
tinued Vest, "Substantially • and ¦ " almost
word for word, -as I have given it, came
to me from Mr., Stephens and Mr. Hun
ter." :•¦ • /-, ; .-¦=; ¦ ¦ -•¦'.-.. .¦ '.¦"¦¦¦.¦
VEST DOES HIS DUTY.
Vest said that this E terminated the in
terview and . as the' Confederate commis
sioners retirecTPresident Lincoln, address
ing Stephens, 1 *, who was the last to go out,
said: "Stephens, you are making a great
mistake. Your Government is a failure
and when the t crash comes, as it soon
must come .there will be chaos and dis
asters, which > we cannot now foresee,
which must come to your people." .
" 'Then,' said Mr. Lincoln,' fthe inter
view had as well terminate now, for -I
must say to you gentlemen frankly N and
honestly, that nothing will be accepted
from the government- at Richmond ex
cept absolute and unconditional surren
der.' "¦ "¦ i ..¦ ¦' ''"•¦ '.< '¦ '¦':•¦'¦
"Mr. Hunter, to whom the inaulry was
addressed, said: 'Mr. , -President, we are
instructed to consider no proposition that
does not involve the Independence of the
Confederate States of America.'/
When President Lincoln and Secretary
Seward met the commissioners of the
Confederacy, Mr. Lincoln, addressing
himself to Mr. Hunter, whom he knew
well, 'said: 'In.thefirst place, gentlemen,
I desire to knowwJiat are your powers
and instructions 'froD9' ; the Richmond Gov
ernment,' avoiding^«aiiJ'Vest, as Hunter
told him himself , <thei words "Confederate
States." -'¦-,•* i ,-;t''-- .' ¦»
From the lips of Stephens and Hunter
had come to him, he said, the details of
what had taken place. Upon the return
of the commissioners of the Confederacy
he heard their official report as Reagan
heard\it, the latter being a member of the
Cabinet and the speaker (Vest) a member
of the Senate of the Confederacy. ¦ ¦'
"I am to-day the only survivor of the
twenty-six gentlemen who were the Con
federate Senators," he said.
Vest then stated that what did happen
at Hampton Roads, beyond question, was
this:
"If true, it would, mean that the Con
federates could have placed on that sheet
of paper the perpetual establishment of
slavery and the right* of secession, the
most extreme demand that had -ever ta
ken shape even in the dream of any Con
federate." ,• ' ¦.
WHAT LINCOLN- SAID.
A deep silence: had fallen upon the
chamber and every Senator on the floor
listened to him with rapt attention. Wth
great deliberation he continued:
."If true," said he. "it would place the
Government and> officers of the Confed
eracy in the category of criminals, be
cause it offered the Confederacy all that
It ever demanded in the wildest hope of
the most extreme partisans of that cause
if they would only return to the Union."
Vest said the story had been denied
by John H. Reagan of Texas, who was the
last surviving member of the Confederate
Cabinet.' He knew personally, said Vest,
without having been present at that cele
brated interview, that the incident was
without foundation.- ¦¦"¦•'
Vest began by calling attention to the
statement of Tillman; made yesterday,
that at the conference in Hampton Roads
in 1864 between President Lincoln, William
H. Seward, Secretary of State; Alexander
H. Stephens, Vice President of the Con
federate States; E. M. T. Hunter, former
United States Senator, and . John H.
Campbell, formerly Justice of the United
States Supreme Court, Lincoln wrote on a
piece of paper, "Save the Union," then,
handing it to Stephens, said. "Alexander,
take this paper and fill up for yourselves
the conditions of peace between the two
countries." . . - ¦ •
WASHINGTON, May. 8.— During the ses
sion of the Senate to-day Vest of Mis
souri made an interesting historical con
tribution with reference to the Hampton
Roads conference.between President Lin
coln and Confederate leaders. .' .
Sole' Survivor of Richmond Senate
Eefutes # Story That the i Martyr
President Wrote "Save
the Union."'
! v conditional Surrender
of Confederacy.
Says Lincoln Demanded Un-
Gives the True Version
of Hampton Roads
Conference. V
VEST MAKES
AN HISTORICAL
CONTRIBUTION
Wealthiest Woman : in America Declares She Fears That
Lawyers ard-Other Persons Are Conspiring to Kill Her,
' and Desires to Avoid the Fate of Father and Husband
HETTY GREEN CARRIES
PISTOL FOR PROTECTION
Slayer of the Brilliant Young Author of "Janice Meredith" and "The
Honorable Peter Stirling" Commits Suicide— Enmity of Eleven
Years' Standing Culminates in the Terrible Double Tragedy
PAUL LEICESTER FORD MEETS
DEATH AT HANDS OF BROTHER
MILES REFUSES
TO HONOR DEAD
Declines Invitation to
Serve at Funeral of
Sampson;
Admiral George Dewey Heads
the List of Honorary
Pallbearers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 8.— General
Miles has refused to honor dead Admiral
Sampson. He was Invited to act with
Admiral Dewey as one of the honorary
pallbearers at the funeral to-morrow.
Secretary Moody intending to have the
lieutenant general of the army and ad
miral of the navy at the head of that list.
Dewey is to serve, but Miles Is not. He
declines to discuss the matter, neither ad
mitting nor. denying that he refused to
perform this service for the dead. Moody
also declines to tallc about the matter. It
is known that Miles was intended to act
as one of the honorary pallbearers and
he is not to serve. The reprimand Mile*
received from the Secretary of V» ar for
expressing an opinion on the controversy
over the Santiago campaign while it was
still under consideration Is said to be the
cause for the general refusing to pay a
soldier's tribute to a naval commander.
The following honorary pallbearers
have been selected to officiate at the
Admiral George DeweyS Rear Admiral*
Remey, Watson, Hlgginson and Taylor;
Brigadier General. Charles Hey wood of
the marine corps. Captains Cook. Clark,
Chadwick. McCalla and Folger and Com
mander Wainwright.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE *
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Postal Service and More New
; Pensions Are Granted.
Several Changes '-Are Made' in' the
WASHINGTON, May 8:— Postmasters
commissioned: California— Roy B. Steph
ens, South Pasadena; Washington— Inea
D Coburn, Fort Slmcoe. Pastmaster3 ap
pointed: California— F. M. Quigley, Oro
Vino, Slskiyou County, vice John Quigley,
deceased.
The postofflces at Highland and Ocean
Park, Cal., are advanced to the Presiden
tial class and the salary of the postmas
ters increased from H00O to JUOO.
Rural free delivery will b< established
July 1 at Sunnyvale, with additional ser
vice at Los Gatos, Morgan Hill, Mountain
View and San Jose, Cal.
These pensions were granted to-day:
California— Original— Albert M. Hubbard,
San Francisco, $S. War with Spain-
Charles E. Johnson, San Francisco, $10.
Increase— William H. Warren, Los Ange
les, $10; Daniel K. Sanford, Santa Ana, $S;
Homer P. Moore, Riverside, $10. Mexican.
War— Frederick Bvick Lang, Soldiers*
Home, Los Angeles, 512. Widows—Eliza
beth E. Cole, Los Angeles, JS; Louisa I*
Webb, Chula Vista, $8.
Oregon — Original— Jonathan McCain. Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles, $3. Increase-
Robert Kelland. Oregon City. $3.
Washington — Original — Grant Rogers,
Sumner, $6. Increase— Levy Florence Pres
ton, Rockford. 53; S. Merritt Allen. Ort
ing, $6; Abraham Collings, Vancouver, $10.
Array orders: Captain James W. Mc-
Andr^f", paymaster, is transferred from
the Philippines to San Francisco: First
Lieutenant William J. Lyser, assistant
surgeon, is transferred from, the Philip
pines to Ban Francisco for duty with the
Hospital Corps Company of Instruction at
Fort McDowell; Contract Surgeon Hed
ley V- Tweadie ot.the Department of the
Columbia, goes to San Francisco for as
signment to duty.
XON3KJN -OFEBA SEAS02T
OPEN'S AUSPICIOUSLY
King and Queen Occupy Koyal Box
for the First Time Since Their
Accession.
LONDON, May 8.— Rarely has the opera
season opened more brilliantly or under
more auspicious circumstances. This
year's opening night will always be re
membered by the fact that It was the flr3t
night that the King and Queen had occu*
pied the royal box since their accession.
There was one unfortunate circum
stance in that the roadway authorities
still had Bow street torn up, though tfiey
had plenty of time and notice to get the
work finished before such a great night.
Much confusion of carriages was caused
in the approach to the opera-house. ¦ So
great indeed was the block that even the
royal carriage with the King and Queen
could not get by, and in conaequence the
curtain had to be kept down fully ten
minutes to allow the King and Queen to
get in before the playing of the national
anthem, when the whole great audience
rose and cheered with more vigor than
•was ever before heard in the opera-house.
It was a most impressive sight. The
Queen was looking radiantly beautiful in
a black dress With a small diamond tiarti.
The Princess Victoria and Princess
Charles of Denmark, who accompanied
their father and mother, were very sim
ply dressed in white.
NEW YORK. May S.— J. Adrlaacs Buach.
assignee for Henry Bros. & Co., said to-day
that the liabilities of that firm amount to
$2,1G3,314. He also says that the firm haa
sufficient assets to cover all debts.
THE '-.'SAN- FKAjNUISCO GALL, JfKlDAY, MAY ; a, 1902.
2
AD VEUTISEMENTS' .
ATTENHONj
VOTERS!
Registerjt Once,
All citizens must, register
vote at any Election of 1902.
Office open from 8:30 a. m. to 5
p. m., and WEDNESDAY
EVENING from 8 to 9.
By order of the Board of Elec-
tion Commissioners.
THOMAS J. WALSH,
Registrar of Voters.
® VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMOX. BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the . leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
follower*. Positively curw the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
ciearette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Xlght Losses. Insom-
nia, Paine In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Buck,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. •<¦ Varicocele or Con-
s- 1 ipation. Stop Ner f*^ \J vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are Z^-^rm, immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *» & ™ * •• ncy to every func-
tion. Don't fret despondent; a cure is at hand,
/lleetore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; 6 for
52 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
Ban Francisco. CaL GRAXT DRUG CO.. 38
end id Third st.
kmuB signature la on every box of the genuine
, Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet* :
XU-t nia&cj th&t cores a cold In on© . day.
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
w ¦-
,¦¦/.- A , car-load of ; Cook • Boob*
• haa just arrived from Chlcajro. .
and they are ready for distri-
bution at the business office
, of this paper. :, All Call sub- -
Ncrlbem arc entitled <o a copy *
of this ; ' arreat ' Conic : Book . at
;• the premium price -of. fifty. ¦¦.-
cents.
' An additional charge of SO
, cents; to pny-cipreKsage \yt111. ,
'.be required from out of town
subscribers ordering by mnil.'. .
Sailor Wash Hats.
5 Here is the swellest thing of the season -for boys and girls, and •;
even ladies can wear them as outing hats. . k
They are sailor hats made of wash materials in blue, white, '
pink, brown, tarr, red and ox-blood, comprising eighteen different
N styles in various trimmings ; some come with 'patent leather
crowns and brims; all have very flexible brims and, the crowns £
"are in round and square shapes. • I
: The hats came in day before yesterday from New York and
are the very latest for summer wear. See the display of them in
the boys' clothing window; the prices Tange I
45c, 75c, 61.00, and 81.50.
Straw hats in rouRh and smooth braids, walking or fedora I
-shapes, 50e to $l-*5O. |
Out-of-town orders filled -write us.
? 718 Market Street.MONTREAL, May 8.— It is unofficially
announced that Chancellor' Boyd, who
was appointed as arbitrator between the
Qanadlan Pacific trackmen and the com
pany, has awarded the trackmen of v the
eastern division a 30 per cent increase.
Trackmen to Get an Increase.
Bedding 1 Man Has a Costly Experi
ence, but Saves His Diamond
Ring.
REDDING, May 8.-Antone Jaegel, a
saloonman and large j property owner • of
this c!ty. lay in bed at an early hour this
morning and watched a burglar coolly
ransack drawers and gather up jewelrv
and money belonging to himself, his wife
and his young daughter.
Jaegel was awakened by a faint' noise
and was dropping to sleep again when a
fresh sound roused him and he opened
his eyes. By the faint light ln- the room
he saw a tall burglar at work at the
bureau. Jaegel watched him pocket hia
I wife s pin money, cut open a satchel con
taining his daughter's coin, pocket a pair
of opera glasses and then reach for
Jaegel's JoO gold watch.
The man in bed was unarmed and re
frained-from making a sound for fear
the burglar would discover the $500 dia
mond ring upon his finger and murder
him for It- He could not, however, see
the watch go without a protest, and he
coughed. The burglar took instant alarm,
dropped the watch, ran out into the hall
of the upstairs flat, called his partner,
who was on guard, and ran down the rear
stairs. Jaegel ran down the front stair
way and summoned help, but the burg
lars escaped and have not been appre
hended.
WATCHES A BTJBGLAB
LOOTING HIS BUREAU
The committee to which was yesterday
referred the matter of the appeal of Court
Bay City of San Francisco from the ac
tion of Grand, Chief Ranger Heenan ln
suspending the court for disobeying the
order of its deputy, made a report up
holding the action of tlie grand chief,
but recommending that the charter be
restored and the suspended members be
allowed to come back into the order upon
application. Grand Chief Heenan moved
as an amendment that the suspended
members be granted another charter,
separate from those who had been held
eulltless, he taking the ground that they
?could not come together harmoniously
STOCKTON, May 8.— The Grand Court
of Foresters of America concluded the
election of grand officers this morning.
An adjournment had been taken yester
day, when one undecisive vote for the of
fice of grand junior beadle had been
taken. This morning it was announced
that Glover had been withdrawn. After
the roll call it was shown that Simon was
elected, the vote standing 121 for Simon
to 108 for Haab. The election of grand
trustees being in order, C. P. Rendon
nominated George H. Reasoner of Court
Mokelumne, Lodi, who was elected by ac
clamation. Two other grand trustees
were elected by the following vote,' the
first two being elected: William Rowe of
Grass Valley, 132; George T. Rolley of
Eureka, 131; A. H. Hoeweke of Petaluma,
317; M. Levy of San Francisco, 81; E. W.
Perkins cf lone. 13.
'SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 8.— The result
of the Republican State Convention, held
here" to-day, was a decisive victory for.
the State administration and what is
known as the Yates-Hopkins-Lorimer-
Nathcott combination. The convention
Indorsed the administration of Governor
Yates and .the candidacy of Congressman
Albert J. Hopkins for United States Sen
ator by an overwhelming majority. Con
gressman Cannon was temporary chair
man and Lieutenant Governor Nathcott
permanent chairman. The Hopkins in
dorsement resolution was carried by 1030V.
to 492'^ votes. ¦
The platform reaffirms the national
platform of 1900; deplores the death of
President McKinley and of J. R. Tanner
indorses the administration of President
Roosevelt and Governor Yates, and heart
ily indorses the candidacy of Congress
man Hopkins for the Illinois Senatorship
The platform continues: • ."¦
"We declare that a fair and Just recognition
of the services of the Federal soldiers and sail
ors of the late Civil War and those of the re
cent war with Spain requires that a liberal
provision be made by tensions for the disabled
survivors and for the widows and orphans of
those who fell for the flair. .
We commend the brilliant and patriotic ser
v ce J[ °.. ot . our army and navy ln maintaining
the dignity and honor of our flag on the seas
and In our foreign possessions and condemn
the malignant attacks now being made on our
soldiers and sailors. •
We approve of the Republican policy of pro
tection under, which our industries have de
veloped, agriculture having benefited and labor
has been slven steady ¦ employment • at con
stantly Increasing wages, and we approve of
all organizations that will benefit the condi
tion^ of labor and result in Rood to the masses
\ve condemn all conspiracies and combina
tions to restrict business, to create monopolies
to limit the production or control prices and
favor such legislation as will effectually re
etraln and prevent all such abuses, protect and
promote competition and secure the irijj-hts of
producers, laborers and all who are engaged
in industry and commerce, and we approve and
commend the efforts of President Roosevelt to
enforce the laws ' against illegal combinations
in restraint of trade, and pledge . him our
hearty support to all his efforts to protect the
people from oppressive combinations of capital.
The platform favors State legislation to
protect free labor from competition with
convicts ; recommends extension of ' civil
rules in.; the various institutions of the
State, and favors a reciprocal trade treatv
with Cuba. - • . :¦'.-../
These nominations were made: Clerk of
Supreme; Court. Charles W. Amerer of
Chicago; State Treasurer, Fred A: Busse
of Chicago: State Superintendent of Pub
lic Instruction; Alfred Bayliss of Streator-
Trustees of State University— Mrs. Laura
Evans of Christian County, William B
McKinley of Champaign, County and L
E. Herrick of McLean County. , ;
Barrows Is Taken Into \ Custody.
•WASHINGTON, May 8.— H. . W. Bar
rows, the "disbursing: officer of the Census
Bureau, • was arrested to-day, charged
with the embezzlement ; of : 57500 in ¦ Gov
ernment funds. ¦ . '" ; . : ¦ . ¦ '
Members of the Order
Elected at Grand
Court,
Illinois ' State Conven
tion, Indorses His
Administration.
The banquet at the pavilion to-night
was an elaborate and brilliant affair.
Fully 1000 people enjoyed the repast. Su
preme Sub-Chief Rangrer C. P. Rendon of
Stockton was the toastmaster. ! During
the evening he presented, on behalf of the
delegates, to retiring Grand President
Heenan a solid gold watch with diamond
studded fob and locket with the emblem
upon It. Heenan was also presented a
silver match safe with the emblem. Stock
ton Circle, Companions of the Forest, pre
sented the Grand Court a silver-mounted
gavel Chief Companion Ella Halley mak
ing the presentation.
The grand chief ranger was authorized
by resolution to appoint a committee of
three to revise the laws governing subor
dinate courts and report at the next Grand
Court meeting in Santa Cruz. The relief
board was granted «^ cents out of the
per capita tax fii the 17,901 members in
the State April 1. The printing of the
laws in the Italian language was ordered.
A recess was then taken to to-morrow
morning.
Most of the afternoon session was taken
up with the consideration of amendments
to the constitution. Thirty amendments
were adopted, eleven rejected and one re
ferred back. Of the adopted resolutions
there are but two of general public In
terest. One allows mileage to all past
grand chief rangers in actual attendance
upon the Grand Court. A second makes it
impossible for a sick member .to become
unfinancial, the amount of the dues being
added to his sick benefits.
under one charter. On the statement of
the treasurer of the court that they would
affiliate harmoniously, he withdrew the
amendment, and the report of the com
mittee was adopted unanimously amid
much enthusiasm.
During the afternoon session of the
Grand Court, the committee appointed to
draft resolutions touching upon the as
sassination of the late President McKin
ley presented a report, which was adopted
unanimously.
To-morrow morning at 10 o'clock there
will be a parade, at 2 p. m. a business
session of the encampment, at 8 p. m a
reception by the -Woman's Relief Corps
at the Opera-house and by the ladies of
eulogy of the Grand Army, of the pres
ent army and navy, and of . the State and
nation.
APPEARANCE OF ONE OF
HANFORD'S STREETS DUR
ING THE ENCAMPMENT.
YATES VICTORY
A DECISIVE ONE
Major Hawley was born in England
June 16, 1846, but came to the United
States with his parents in 1860. Respond
ing to President Lincoln's call for troops
he enlisted in Company A. Twenty
eighth Wisconsin Infantry, and served
with that regiment In the Mobile cam
paign, taking part in the engagements
of Fort Blakeley and Spanish Fort. Haw
ley was with the first troops to enter Mo
bile. Subsequently his company was or
dered to Brazos de Santiago, Texas, and
from, there to Clarksville and Browns
ville, upon the Rio Grande, when the
French troops were ordered out of, Mex
ico by President- Lincoln. :/. Hawley . was
discharged at Brownsville August -, 18,
1865, and arrived at Madison, Wis,,' in
September, 1865, where the troops were
mustered out. The Twenty-eighth Wis
consin Regiment was commanded by
Colonel E. B. Gray, the late . adjutant
general of the Grand Army of the Re
public. Hawley served in the campaigns
under Generals Clayton. Benton, Gran
ger, Reynolds, Canby and Sheridan.
Major Hawley now holds the responsi
ble office of postmaster at San Jose. He
Is past post commander of John A. Dlx
Post of that city. He was the organizer
of the first reunion of veterans held in
the San Joaquin Valley, at Hanford,. -in
1884. Veterans of the San Joaquin Val
ley Association are now assembled on
the old camp ground.
There may be quite a contest at the
Hanford . encampment for the position of
department commander. The posts of
San Francisco, San Jose and Oakland
are supporting, Major W. G. Hawley ¦ of
San Jose. Grand Army posts of Southern
California probably will line up in favor
of ex- Adjutant General Allen of Los An
geles. The indications are that Major
Hawley will capture the prize. '
HAWLEY'S CHANCES BRIGHT.
ST. LOUIS, May 8. — The business session of
the annual meetine of the Supreme Lodge of
the Bankers' Union of the 'World begran to-day.
President K. C. Spinney of thia city presided.
GIVEN HONORS
BY FORESTERS
To-night at the Opera-house a general
reception was tendered the encampment
by the citizens of Hanford. The audito
rium and stage were lavishly decorated
•with roses and greenery. The address of
welcome was delivered by the Hon.'
Rowen Irwin and responded to by De
partment Commander Stone. Major Gen
oral Shatter made a few remarks to the
veterans and visitors. Governor Gage
made the address of the evening and was
often interrupted by applause during his
recommenced that the California. Legis
lature Increase the size of the home. The
receipts of the home from July 1, 1893. to
December 1, 1S01, were $34,286 39; the ex
penditures were $23,382 20. leaving a bal
ance of $5304 SQL The reports were re
ferred to committees. The encampment
then adjourned until 2 p. m. to-morrow.
The directors of the Veterans' Home at
Vountville in their report stated that
there were in the home on April 1, 1S01.
MO veterans; on March 1. 1902. there were
&J7, & loss of thirty-three. The directors
After the opening of the encampment,
reports were heard from the department
commander. Senior Vice Commander Mas
teller. Chaplain Boehr and the medical
directors. In his report the assistant ad
jutant general stated that there was a
net gain of 143 members in the encamp
ment for the year 1201. The total num
ber of members In the Department of
California is 2121, in ninety-nine posts.
There were 131 deaths in this department
riuring the past year, being seven less
than in the previous year. He also stated
that there was a clear balance of $954 in
the treasury.
Republic. Department of Califor
nia s.nd Xevada. was called to order by
Department Commander George Stone
this morning at the Opera-house.
HLNFORD. May 8. — One hundred
and seventy delegates were pres
ent when the thirty-fifth encamp
ment of the Grand Army of the
the Grand Army of the Republic at. the
Opera-house hall. j , ,
NEW YORK, May 8.-Charles W. Flood
of this city won the grand American han
dicap at targets from a field of ninety-one
contestants at Interstate Park, Long Is
land, to-day. • He stood on the eighteen
yard mark, and out' of 100 targets
broke 94. •• :, ¦ .- ; " . •
swollen by the return of . unemployed factory
workers, it is pointed out that one iron works
which heretofore employed from 12,000 to 20,
000 ncople, is now employing only 5000 for
three days a week. ¦
Makes Good Score at the Target.
TWO-MILE PABADE
; - A STBEET FAIR FEATURE
Over an Imposing Spectacle at
the Carnival.
Queen Tessie of Bakersfield Presides
BAKERSFIELD, May 8.— The indus
trial programme was the feature of the
street fair to-day.. The parade was
formed at 2 o'clock and was two miles
in length. The fraternal organizations,
all the members of the trades unions, the
industrial floats, decorated carriages,
visitors' section, the bicycle section and
a contingent of carriages formed an im
posing spectacle. .
The- procession was reviewed by Queen
Tessie in front of the throne, the line be
ing more than two hours in passing that
point. A,special train of three Pullman
cars brought visitors from Los Angeles
this morning, and to-morrow, there will
be a sDecial from San ' Francisco. "The
Mardi Gras parade will be a feature to
morrow, with the grand Mardi Gras ball
at night. -
Two armed patrols were also landed at
Cpqulmbo prior to the landing at Guate
mala. On March 19, when the Graf ton
was lying off the Chilean port some of
the bluejackets who had shore leave got
into a row ashore. The sailors were cor
nered by a growing throng of Chileans
who were wildly excited, but the marines
held them off until an armed force was
hurried ¦ ashore from the vessel and the
rioters routed. The sailors were then es
corted on board and further shore leave
was stopped. The row caused consider
able excitement.' : / . .
When the. show of .hostilities was made
from the British warship, the trouble sub
sided and with the coincident pressure
by French and German cruisers anchored
off the Atlantic coast of Guatemala, ar
rangements were made for the settlement
of the loan. .
VICTORIA; B. CV, May S.-The officers
of H. M. S. Graf ton,, which arrived to-day,
report.that on April 15 armed parties were
landed to quell the disturbances caused
as a result of the collection of the loan
advanced to Guatemala' by British finan
ciers who were refused payment by the
Guatemalan Government and asked their
Government to collect.
-When - the Graf ton arrived on April 1^
the Government was communicated with
and arrangements were made for a con
ference. Meanwhile, much political dis
turbance was caused' and the troops were
called out. It seemed that fighting was
imminent, when two armed parties were
landed in . the cutters and boat3 of the
Graf ton and the ship was cleared for
action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
It is also stated in her- letter that Find
layson's former home was Behama Can
ada, near Quebec. Mrs. Wenk has 'not
seen him for seven years.
But there >is also a very considerable
probability that- Findlayson's life may'
end before May 12, the day set for. the
hearing. To-night he is reported to be
sinking and feara are even entertained
that) he may not/live until to-morrow. :
Judge Angellottl has received a letter
from Mrs. Mary Wenk of West Berkeley,
who says she Is a niece of -Findlayson and
who denies the assertions of Countes3 In
gargolia. Mrs. /Wenk writes that her
mother is Mrs. 'William Patterson and is
111 in Pkasanton. She says he. has an
other sister, Mrs. Alexander McKinnon,
living in St. Louis, and a brother, AngU3
Findiayson, in Canada.
SAN RAFAEL,, May 8— Interesting de
velopments in the Findlayson case are be-,
coming quite "numerous, and the hearing
of the Raum application for the right of
guardianship over the sick ' capitalist at
the Hotel Rafael promises a lively
contest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Comparative order has been" restored In the
governments of j Poltava and i KhrakhofT, but
the peasants are only outwardly quiescent, be
lieving that- the \ grant o£ a division of the
lands of noblemen will be effected during the
coming autumn, leavinpr the hardy land own
ere only twenty acres and a yoke of oxen each.
Authentic Particulars o£ the disorders pre
vail ng during the last three weeks show they
were largely due to extreme suffering from
amine was utilized by agitators to
foment a rising. The peasants were not the
only believeis -in . the Issue of an imperial
iikasp Dermittins a division of the property of
the^nobility "nJ a charitable distribution of
potatoes by the steward ot the Duke of Meek-.
fi?nb£??8 CstRle at Kharloffka tended to con
firm this belief. Tha people of the whole coun-.
tryside, often led by the village magnates,
streamed to the Kharloffka and other estates
afoot on" horseback a«1 in wagons. . demanded
the lie-s of .tbe pantries, granaries and barns
and carried off their contents. Rich Cossack
suffered coually with the noblemen. When
land owners refused to deliver up the keys _ the
peasants broke down the doors, quietly seized
foodstuffs and. .returned homo, even .well-to-do
peasants sharing in the plunder. Vvhen unopposed
the peasants contented themselves with sup
plving thPiv immediate needs, but when balked
they burned and destroyed, carried off live
stock and desolated estates. Most or the dif
ficulties occurred where the -inhabitants of the
villages -were already on , a strained footing
with the neighboring land owneis . \ (olence is
reported from twelve to- fifteen villages, while
thr.e estates nave been devastated in the
Kharkoff Government fjnd forty-three in
Poltava Government. To. add to the general
consternation L'CO Cossacks arrived at Poltava
after tbe regular military • forces had restored
order The troops fired on the people in two
or three cas;s and in one Instance the peas
int« "attacked the troor<s with stones, where-
S"on t"e latter fired, killing several persons
and woundinc a score, among whom were
women and children. -¦• Corporal punishment
was administered right and left without over
scrupulous inquiry into the guilt of the people
flogged. Some estimates place the number or
turbulent peasants as high as 30,000. _.
There was a similar occurrence at Kharkoff,
whose Governor General. Prince Obolensky,
was particularly severe. ¦ .
General Eugene Mlchalovich-Doukhovsky
was among the sufferers. His estate at Me
chrk was ruined and he himself was seized
and beaten. He is still ill from the efTects of
the treatment he received. ¦ , ¦ - . < •
As an example of the. extent to which the
ranks of the famine-stricken villagers are
LONDON, May 8.— The . St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Associated Press,
after a personal investigation of the situ
ation In Southern' Russia, writes from
Moscow under date of • Saturday," May 3,
as follows: : ¦ -
The men in the tunnel say that there
was a rush and a roar and then all was
over. The mules, twenty 'in number, were
swept off their feet by the first edge oi
the slide and later in the day only scraps
of their remains could be found. Tne
mine buildings, engine-house cookhousr.
bunkhouse and other buildings all went
down with a series of crashes. ¦ "Where
they stood Is now covered with a blanket
of crushed ice from the glacier, which
came in the slide, and broken splinters of
trees. The loss in buildings and damage
will be about $6000. All day men worked
excavating the debris and endeavoring to
find the bodies of the two missing- men.
but at a late hour to-night neither had
been recovered. The debris is thirty feet
in death in some places where the slide
piled itself up in the valley below. This
is the most serious slide in the Kootenai
this spring. ' -
Powis* pack train had Just arrived 'at
the mine from Kasklo. The mules were
ranged in front of the buildings, having
their, packs removed, when one of the
workmen noticed far above the swaying
of trees, which gave evidence of the rusn
of the slide. The men ran in a body for
the mouth of the open tunnel and were
not a moment too soon. Two fell be
hind and were lost in the disaster, j They
were John Douglas, the mine blacksmith,
and another man whose name ia not
given. ¦ "
The slide occurred at 11 o'clock. A shelf
of rock with a glacier of ice many feet
In depth came tumbling down "Washing
ton Mountain and everything in ita path
above ground was carried hundreds of
yards | down the mountain and buried.
Mosi of the men around the camp saw
the slide start from the mountain sido
above them and rushed into the mouth of
a tunnel, else the death list would have
been ten. times as great as It was. ' r • '
VANCOUVER, B. C., May 8.— Two killed
and a dozen other miners more or less In
jured was the result of the overwhelming
of the Rambler McGulgan camp by a
landslide to-day. The accident occurred
up country near Kasklo, from which place
dispatches regarding the disaster were
received this evenlnjr.
Special Dispatch t O The Call.
Vast Mass of Rock and Gla
cier Ice Crashes Upon
a , Camp.
Man Will Not Live
Many Days:
- • . . -
Fears Entertained That the
British Officers Tell of Clash
With Central Ameri
cans.
Quiet Is*Restored, but There
Is Danger of Another
Outbreak.
Two Men Killed and >a
Dozen Injured in the
Suffering From 'Famin e
Causes. Disorder, in
Russia.
Woman Writes of the
Sick Capitalist,
Findlayson.
Guatemalans Pay Up,
Fearing a Bombard
ment, r
MINERS PERISH
IN LANDSLIDE
WARSHIP GUNS
AWE DEBTORS
LETTER TELLS
OF RELATIVES
PEASANTS LOOT
THE GRANARIES
THE SAN FKAON UlsOQ G^EL; FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902.
Nearly Two Hundred Delegates of the Department of; California
and Nevada Begin Their Thirty-Fifth Session and After the
Reading of Reports Are Entertained by Hospitable Citizens
CIVIL WAR VETERANS ENCAMP
ON H ANFORD'S TENTED GROUND
3
Meii^s Suits Youths' Suits
• ;. ¦;•¦¦ , of consideration iftyour boy needs a suit. . ¦*
Did you ever notice that a new pair of trousers, tones up Special saie of shirt waists and blouse waists:,
a coat and • vest, even to making it look like new manv Shirt waists, light and dark colors, detachable belts with'
Lately .we received about 2000 pairs of striped worsted Blouse waists, "light and dark colors, with or without
trousers, which we will sell for $1.95; ordinarily such pants'"; shields; ages 3 to .10 years. I
would cost you $2.50; they- are quite a bargajn at . Special price of either style waist, 20C
$1.95 ' Rough Rider suits for boys, made . of U. S. Government
If you are at, all interested in summer top coats we . standard khaki; cut . like soldier s suits with red or blue trim-
have an assortment of them at a range of prices that repre- mings; ages 3 to 12 years; price-
isents^eyery fancy in pattern or price. : V-* $1.25 a suit
. A glance at our windows '¦ ; - ¦._ -M -A Ij-^ *nF* Out-of-town orders filled
will always prove interest- # /%| # lvWw in II B fa^ § SB —write us for anything in
ing; whethep^you need ' / y ? ¦» ¦'y ;^J^ -\ mpn>s or boys' clothing,
clpthes/hats or furnishings. 718 Market Street \furnishings or hats/
§ A Thirst
8 Q\iei\cher
h Horsford's Acid Phosphate
1 is far superior to lemons as a ,
I thirst quencher that reall/
D satisfies. It is a wholesome
H and strengthening Tonic that
0 relieves the lassitude and de-
li bihtated condition of the sys-
¦ tern bo common in mld-
1 gummer. Insist on having
1 Hor^ford 9 *?
| Acid
¦ PhosphaLteCities Along \ Route
Ready to Display
Their Resources
SOME OF THE SCENES-THAT WILL BE VISITED BY THE DELEGA
:. TION OF SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS MEN. AND SOME PROMINENT
. MERCHANTS OF THE INTERIOR. _
Do Not Want a St Louis'* Terminal.
TOPEKA, Kans., May 8.— President E.
P. Ripley pt the Santa Fe denies posi
tively that' his road has been negotiating:
for the Wiggins Ferry Company or for
the St. Louis,> Kansas City and Colorado.
"Since we -sold the road some years
ago," said Ripley, "we have made no en
deavor to -get it back again.. We are verv
well satisfied with things as they are and
do not care for any \ terminals in St.
Louls."r- -: .-....,: ... ¦ ;; -; . - ...
Miss Taylor to Be Extradited.
WASHINGTON, May 8.— The machinery
of the law has been set. in motion to se
cure the return, to the 1 United States for
trial of Clara ; Taylor, the* Cincinnati
woman, who , is charged with kidnaping
her niece. Margaret Taylor, and is now a
fugitive in Italy. Instructions have been
sent to the American^ Embassador at
Rome to secure the preliminary, examina
tion pending the arrival of .-extradition
papers, and from that point on the pro
ceedings will be purely routine. .
CLEVELAND. May 8. — Four hundrecT-unlon
metal polishers -went on strike here to-day be
cause their employers refused to grant a nine
hour working day. . . . - . -,->¦
First Spike of a New Bailway.
ANTHONY, Kans.,' May 8.— The first
spike of the Kansas, Mexico and "Orient
Railway in the United States was driven
here to-day. The first rails of the track
that is to reach from Kansas City to tho
west coast of Mexico were spiked down
hard and ; fast to-day and the work of
construction , thus begun will go steadily
on as fast as men'can build It The road
bed is graded from here to a point 300
miles southwest. Officers of the road
estimate that In eighteen months or two
years the road will be completely built
to the coast. *. s J~
Named' for Office, by President
WASHINGTON. May S.-The President
to-day sent the following nominations to
the Senate: Associate Justices Suoreme
Court. Territory of Oklahoma— Frank E
Gillette, J. L* -Pancoast and James k'
Beauchamp, all : of Oklahoma. Army—
Alphonse ¦ Strebler.\, New York, . first lieu
tenant in artillery corps. ' - ,,.
VETEHAN OP CUBAN" WAS.
victim: op an assault
Says That Papers of Great Value to
Him Were Stolen by His
Assailants.
CHICAGO, May to
day indicate that H. E..H, King, who was
attacked last night and found unconscious
in military uniform on a doorstep in Wll
mette and who was thought to be a lieu
rnrfkl.!,^ regular army stationed at
Fort Sheridan, is the son of Brevet Gen
?T a U retlred > of Washington.
D. C. To-day he made a staement that
he was a Cuban war veteran, who had
suffered expulsion from home by his
father because he had been court-mar
tialed and expelled from West Point The
charge of signing false vouchers wa«
brought against him at the Military Acad
emy by M. A. Elking. according to his
statement. King maintained that at the
point of a revolver he made Elkins re
tract the charges Ja writing. This re
traction, he saye, was stolen from him
last night when he was assaulted
j WASHINGTON, May 8.->The United
.States has won a sweeping victory in the
•matter of . the arbitration of the dispute
with # the Republic of Salvador over the
claim of /the Salvador Commercial Com
pany and other citizens of . the United
States, stockholders in the El Triumpho
Company, limited, created under the laws
of Salvador. "
; Sir Henry Strong and Don M. Dickin
son,- a" majority of the arbitration com
mission, have rendered an opinion against
Salvador for $573,118. This sum by the
terms of the opinion is to be paid to the
United States for the liauidatlon of the
claims of the American stockholders of
the. Commercial Company, an organiza
tion incorporated under the laws of Cali
fornia. Senor Don Jose Rosa Pacas the
Salvadorean arbitrator, strongly dissent
ed from the opinion of the majority
t The Salvador Commercial Company 'was
incorporated in Salvador, but the major
ity of the stockholders were citizens of
the. United- States. . It has concessions
authorizing it to construct and eqult» u.
port and conduct importing and exporting
business there. The concessions were
signed by-the President and approved by
the Salvadorean Congress. Afterward bv
degrees, the President annulled these con
cessions and bestowed them upon third
parties- and Salvadoreans. The oninion
sets forth the indefensible nature of ar.
bitrary decrees. &&5f*Has«a
A stormy sequel to the award occurred
this afternoon at the Arlington Hotel
when Dr. Jose Rosa Pacas, representing
Salvador, attacked his fellow members
saying he had been treated discourteously
by them. *
WASHINGTON, ; May 8.-The ."; bill . to
place three new stars in the American
flag had the right of way again to-day in
the House. General debate, the feature
of which was an extended speech by
Grosvenor of Ohio in opposition to the
measure, Was closed at 3 o'clock' and the
bill was read for amendment under
five-minute rule. - An ' amendment offered
by McRae to consolidate the Territories of
Oklahoma and Indian Territory was de
feated. An -amendment offered by : Over
street-of-.Indiana to consolidate Arizona
and New Mexico and -admit them as the
State of Montezuma was pending when
the House" adjourned. The' amendment
adopted. was one providing, that nothing
in the act should be construed to legalize
polygamy. -- : . - . _;;.
•Delegate Flynn of Oklahoma made a
fervid plea for the bill and stimulated at
tention by declaring that the "so-called
leaders" of the House were trying, to
throttle the statehood measure. Amtd
applause Flynn asserted that he had 30,000
more voters in his district than the gen
tleman, from Ohio (Grosvenor) or any of
the so-called House leaders.
During the day a resolution expressive
of the regret of the House over the death
of Rear Admiral Sampson was. adopted
and a committee of seven members was
appointed to attend the funeral.
be formed and another from Mrs. Tfaut
man of New York that there be a similar
committee on civics. ; A motion by Mrs.
Hersler of Illinois that the board of di
rectors employ an official reader to read
announcements and so on : was, » after
some' : debate, accepted. ' ¦-'.
Mrs. Alice Shane Devin- of' Illinois
caused some amusement by- announcing
that she saw seven men in the house and
demanding if they had a right to be there.
Mrs., Lowe responded they were there by
invitation : . and as distinguished guests,
so, the men, including Robert J. Burdette,
were allowed to continue as meek on
lookers. . - . \ y ' • : . ,-'
The final session to-night was, as usual,
a love .feast affair, with little speeches
by the' new, officers, floral flags for Mrs.
Lowe and her successors, ; and thanks for
the Los Angeles hostesses. Upon invlta-i
tlon of Mrs. Lowe several persons added
to the pleasure of the occasion by making
speeches, ' Robert | Burdette leading in his
genial way, followed by Mrs.- Sarah Ha
gan of Georgia 'with a 'character sketch.
John Fox. of , Kentucky, - Mrs. Mabel
Loomis Todd of Massachusetts and Hugh
Saxon.of Los Angelas. .- ..— : . ;<-".•¦•
¦ Though to-night ends the official pro
gramme at least 500 delegates will.be the
guests ; of % Pasadena' to-morrow," whil9
smaller parties. will linger for. sightseeing
and entertainment -for -days to come.*^ • r
Salvador Must Liquidate
Claims of American
• / Citizens.
Question of Statehood Is
Argued by House
Leaders.
unselfish love she will little by little come to
the consciousness ' of universal motherhood —
the motherhood that suffers,- endures and ful
fills In a large and grand fashion.
FUROR AT ELECTION.
The scene of the election this morning
was undoubtedly the most sensational in
the history, of the federation. The crowd
that at three biennials have clamored to
have Mrs. Platt-Decker of Colorado as
their leader were simply set wild at the
mention of her name by Mrs. Gallagher
of . Ohio, who : made the -nominating
speech, and the intense excitement was
as an electric current as it passed
through the audience. Had Mrs. \ Decker
yielded one iota from the firm position
she has taken from the beginning that
as a matter, of justice it should go to
Mrs. Denison, who for one year has been
acting president instead of. Mrs. Lowe,
she could easily have stampeded the
house. . As it was she arose in the gallery
where she sat with the Colorado delega
tion, and with an- earnestness and
straightforwardness not to be mistaken
declined the ! honor. ) '
In a hjimorous way Mrs. Lowe refused
to have Mrs. Decker's name taken from
the blackboard, where it had been placed
by the nominating committee, and,. after
witty passes between the two,' Mrs.
Decker came down to the floor and made
almost a fierce demand that her name be
removed. The dramatic side had reached
the danger line, • whereupon 'Mrs. -Lowe
recommended to. the convention that it
be erased. Though this was done many
of her admirers voted for her anyway,
the vote standing 667 for Mrs. Denison
and 258 for Mrs. Decker^ - •
-Though the Decker • forces were keenly
disappointed they have with charming
grace gone to the support of Mrs. Deni
8on - -the girl president," as some one
called her, .-for she is a slight, youthful
woman yet in. the thirties. Mrs. Denison
came to the convention worn out," • and
this morning was -. slightly ill, but there
•s no doubt In the minds of the leaders
that she will be equa) to the high of
nce, having had . training as president
four years. of the famous Sorosis of New
York, a/ position she was filling at the
time jjf her election to the higher of
fice this morning. -When called upon for
a speech she v said in beginning: -
In this beautiful City of the Angels
you have placed upon me the royal robes.
I can only say. 'I thank you.'"
FLOOR INV DEMAND.
_ Keyed up. as the convention was to the
highest pitch," everything considered, this
morning caused more or less disorder, a3
many as twenty women claiming the floor
at once. Indeed ' the . confusion was so
great at times, notwithstanding:, Mrs.
Lowe s -masterful/ presiding, that <'Mrs:;
Hamlin of Minnesota moved that a com
mittee be appointed to devise some saner
way of conducting, elections, ,a motion
which was carried. ,-.'
-Aside from • passing, upon minor amend
ments to the by-laws, the convention set
tled.the charter matter >by accepting the
report: of : that- committee,- while -the re
port of; the. committee which suggested
the erection, of a "hall of philanthropy"
at . St. Louis was referred - to the -board
of directors, -the convention evidently be
ing overwhelmed - by the demand of the
neat little sum of $100,000 as their ' con
tribution toward -the ulan." ',¦•¦'.
.Then came ceome , important '¦'''• motions;
Mrs.- Coonley Ward of Illinois leading r off
with one specifying that • for ¦ the next
twenty, years- the "-federation -devote -its
efforts t to the initiatlon.Mnalntenance and
improvement of child labor laws. 4- This
was accepted, as was one from, Mrs.; Mary.
Mumford of, Pennsylvania :that a~ stand-'
inar ¦ committee ; on ; . forestry . arid <¦ irrieatlon
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SIOUX FALLS, May 8.— In the State
Circuit Court at Watertown to-day Mrs.
Fayne Moore of New York was granted
an absolute divorce by Judge Dennett
from William A. E. Moore, whom she
married in New York City in 1897. In ad
dition to securing her freedom the plain
tiff was given the right to resume her
maiden name of Fayne Strahan. She in
stituted her suit on the grounds of ex
treme 1 cruelty, non-support and conviction
of a felony.
The defendant filed a sensational an
swer, alleging that his imprisonment was
the result of a conspiracy, on -the part of
the plaintiff and her friends to divorce
him in -order > that she might :rnarry a
-wealthy English nobleman. He also de
nied that he had been guilty of any of the
charges preferred by the -plaintiff. -
- NEW YORK, May 8.— Fayne Moore's
husband, William E. Moore, is now serv
ing, a nineteen-year sentence in .Sing Sing
forVtternpting to "badger" the late 1 Mar
tin Mahon out of $5000. in Mrs. Moore's
apartments at the Grenoble Hotel in 1898.
Mahon, who was then proprietor of the
New Amsterdam Hotel, left the State and
refused to appear against Mrs. Moore and 1
she was not prosecuted.'
The first couple of months Moore'spent
In Sing Sing his wife seemed greatly de
voted to him. Then she went to London
and appeared in the chorus of "The Mes
senger Boy"- at the Gayety Theater.
When she filed her suit for divorce it was
said she intended to remarry, if success
ful in obtaining her divorce, an English
man of goad family.
Last January Moore's uncle, Captain
J. W. Moore, a steamship owner of Cleve
land, died leaving him about $100,000.
Fayne .Moore is now about 26 years old.
She is the daughter of Judge Strahan of
Portland, Or., and was known before her
marriage to Moore as "Pet" Strahan. In
1896 she went abroad to study music and
when she returned • she brought Moore
with her to Atlanta, Ga., as her husband.
Moore was United 'States Consul at Dur
ban during Cleveland's second adminis
tration, but was removed by McKinley in
1898.. There were no charges against him.
The badger game for which Moore is
now serving sentence was attempted in
the latter part of 1398. Moore and his
wife had been living In the Waldorf-As
toria. They removed to the Grenoble Ho
tel and Mrs. Moore invited Mahon to cail
on her.. She told him she -wanted to bor
row hJs diamond pin. "While they were
playing a . game ¦ of . seven, up in' -Mrs.
Mccre's • room Moore burst in the door.
Mahon. said Moore struck him with the
butt end of a pistol, dazing him. Then
Moore . made, his wife sign a confession
¦which "he dictated and threatened to brain
Mahon if he did not sign it, too. He al30
demanded a promissory note of $5000, ac
cordlng..to Mahon.
,.;Mahoii promised to give him $2000 • in
cash and a note for the rest the following
day. Then, according to Mahon, Moore
took $175 from him and left. . Mahon told
the police and Moore and. Mrs. Moore were
arrested. The trial was of- a; Somewhat
sensational -. nature,. Fayne i. 'Moore' on ac
; count_of her good looks and gayety being
the princlpaffiigure.'in iti ;
LOS ANGELES, May 8.— Two features
distinguished the last day of the sixth
annual session of the General Federation
of Women's Clubs, one being the election
of officers and the other the address- of
the retiring president, Mrs. Rebecca
Lowe of Georgia. ,.
The election, which \yas full of dra
matic incidents from start to finish, re
sulted in the acceptance by ballot of the
entire- report of the nominating commit
tee, as follows: President, Mrs. Dimies
T. S/ Denison of New York; first vice
president, Mrs. Robert Burdette of Cali
fornia; second vice president, Mrs. Emma
Fox of Michigan; recording secretary,
Mrs. William T. Coad of South Dakota;
corresponding secretary,' Miss Louise
Pappenheim of South Carolina; treasurer,
Mrs. Emma Van Vechten of Iowa; au
ditor, Mrs. George Noyes of Wisconsin;
directors— Mrs. Anna D. West of Massa
chusetts, ' Mrs. J. C. TerriU of Texas,
Mrs. James Humphrey of Kansas, Mrs.
Lydia Williams of Minnesota, Mrs. Sam
uel Hayes of Idaho, Mrs. William Elli
cott of Maryland, Mrs. W. W. Boyd of
Missouri and Mrs. .W. A. Nelden of Utah.
t The affection which Mrs. Lowe won as
presiding officer was attested when she
delivered her biennial address to a great
audience to-night. She said in part: .
PRAISE FOR FEDERATION.
Two years ago, in summing up my labors as
president of , this organization, I undertook to
give you some idea of its growth in member
ship. As we closed the first decade of our
organized efforts it seemed to me that the most
Impressive fact of our association was this
gain ¦ In numerical strength. And to-night
when we reflect upon the humble beginnings
from which" has developed . this organization
numbering its hundreds of thousands of
women we' find it somewhat difficult to realize
the enormous proportions we- have attained.
But, . my friends, I am not- so much con
cerned with telling you to-night how many .we
have gained in numbers in the past' two years
as I am to "tell you what these numbers have
accomplished. For, after all, the salient and
most hopeful feature of our organization lies
not In our numerical strength, • which has en
abled us and will enable us not only: to think
things but do things, and do things- not only
tir Improve and uplift ourselves,/ but to render
important service in the uplifting | and better
ment or humanity. To this end,' although our
size, numbers and material success are indeed
Important factors, yet . we wish to. have our
material success Inspired with a recognition
o£ spiritual values as well. It is time that
we more fully comprehend that . we are no
longer In the preliminary and adolescent stage
of existence. The question which Interests us
Is no longer the Increase of numbers, for j the
General Federation of Women's Clubs has
"come of age." . , » '
. j The agitation and unrest . pervading our . or
ganization «eem to me to be" signs . of growth
and health. It is by means of such experiences
that" we are finding our soul. We cannot form
any' adequate conception of the vast changes
that will be brought about as j women become
more and more self-conscious. I use the term
in its deep sense and mean that as women be
come more and more conscious of their powers
and the possibilities of their souls they will in
evitably demand wider • fields for their activi
ties, and that with the wider play of their ac
tivities-will come increased responsibilities. -
The glory- of • motherhood will receive a new
luster by the recognition of .what • motherhood
means to civilization, v Even a superficial glance
at the development , of " society shows that
woman by virtue of her; maternity has -.been
the -conscrver of the human race. > Ever, hedged
in as she has been, a; a rule, she has. been
and Is. a constructive agent.- As her experience
oi life becomes more extende'd she will continue
to be a constructive agent, but no longer In
the restrictive sense. With unerring vision 6he
will . see that her; obligations. :. as mother, > are
without limit.- In order that her children may
have the best possible surroundings physically,
mentally ¦ and. morally she, : will begin to under
stand.that it is her business to help and^bet
ter every condition to which her children may
be exposed. .As , she comprehends more and
more the .' needs • of her own- children she • also
comprehends the .needs | of other- people's 'chil
dren. -With the income of understanding and
partners of those on the speclar train will
enviously dream of the pretty girls,
orange groves, deciduous orchards, * vine-
BILL TO PLACE
STARS IN FLAG
yards, scenery and other things -which go
to make life in the great San Joaquin
Valley ideal.
UNITED STATES
WINS A VICTORY
Secures a Decree of Ab
solute Divorce From
Her Husband.
Exciting Closing Session
of the Women's Fed
eration.
to-day the San Franciscans will be in
Bakersfield. • : ¦:¦'-¦ " _ '
To-morrow morning, before light, the
special train will be on its way to Por
terville. At Porterville, Tulare, Vlsalia,
Hanford, Fresno and Madera the visitors
will . disembark and put in all the time
they have in sight-seeing, escorted by
their cordial entertainers in these places.
To-day and to-morrow the stay-at-home
well known that the Bakersfield people
have been getting up something swell for
the San Franciscans. The bay delegation
started in the mood to enjoy it thor
oughly.
The Santa Fe road was the way the ea
cursion party went to Bakersfleld. They
entered a special train of five Pullmans
and buffet car at. Point Richmond. The
cars . were gay. with the" inscriptions
placed on banners that were tacked to the
sides. Before the ferry was crossed every
excursionist had to put, on a white satin
badge,- which will be worn until the party
returns to this city Sunday morning. The
.first stop will be at Bakersfield, which is
On the schedule for 7 a. m. to-day. All, of
NAME OFFICERS
AMID A FUROR
ABOUT a hundred and twenty
. of San Francisco's-leadlng busi
ness men. made a .start at 9:30
o'clock last night for a visit to
Bakersfield and a tour of the San
Joaquin Valley by special train. They
went off in high .spirits, prepared to up
hold the reputation of San Francisco.
They made up quite an imposing proces
sion as they filed up to have their tickets
punched. President Sbarboroand Presi
dent Symmes, respectively, heading the
Manufacturers' and Producers''Associa
tion and the Merchants' Association, were
prominent. Rufus.P. Jennings and.Wal
ter M. Castle, both hard workers !n get
ting the excursion party together, were on
hand early. Manager Filcher of the State
Board of Trade brought down such a huge
valise that the impression was given that
he was taking along a county citrus ex
hibit, all lemons. . Filcher said he had
heard that there were fluids that .would
combine ail right with lemon juice, but
denied, that he had any -.county exhibit.
The many millions of dollars back of the
wholesale business houses of San Fran
cisco were well represented. Partners
jostled commercial travelers, real estate
men hobnobbed with manufacturers and
shinowners and commission brokers
swelled the throng. Through, the crowd
ran the merry rumor that there would be
a chance to dance to-night with the belles
of the Sari Joaquin at Bakersfleld. It was
FAYNE MOORE
IS NOW FREE
About One Hundred
and a Score Take
Advantage of Trip
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, May 8.— The injunction- bill
which United States Attorney Bethea is
preparing to file against the beef trust
has struck a snag somewhere, and may
not reach the Chicago Federal Court be
fore Monday of next week. All prepara
tions had been made to file the bill to
morrow, and- word had been received
from Washington that it had been for
warded to Chicago so it would reach here
early this evening. It Is now intimated,
however, that nothing might be done De
fore next week. /
It was learned to-day from an authori- i
tative source that the Government hopes
to make -an injunction stick against
members of the combine on two mate
rial clauses In it which deal with the
agreement of the -packers to maintain a
standard price, and the rebates from the
railways. It developed, however, that
not one specific case which the Govern
ment can prove against the packers lead,
ing to any criminal practice or possible
later indictment by the Federal Grand
Jury exists, and it was further ascer
tained that most of the Government wit-*
nesses will be stenographers and ex
employes. Its star witness is said to be
a discredited employe, who now bears an
assumed name.
According to a report which comes
from a source near to headquarters the
Government will try to prove that the
packers are maintaining prices under an
agreement made in 1SS9 which provides
for a fine of $5000 for its violation. The
lowest rate fixed in the agreement is said
to be so- high that a. good profit is as
sured. A previous agreement, known as
the agreement of 1887, is said to .have as
sessed a fine of only $1000.
PACKERS TO BE CALLED.
Irt connection with these agreements
and reported secret meetings of pack
ers to arrange prices it was semi-officially
announced that Frank Vogel of Nelson.
Morris & Co., P. A. Valentine of Ar
mour & Co., and Louis F. Swift of Swift
& Co.. would be called as witnesses by
the Government. From another source
it was learned that It was the hope of
the prosecution by calling these men to
strengthen the accusations made by for
mer stenographers and confidential men
in the packers' employ.
As to any criminal prosecution an offi
cial of the Government is authority for
the information that under the bill for
equity such as the bill United States At
torney Bethea will file, the packers could
even come into court and freely admit
they had been parties to a trust or com
bine, and according to the constitution
evidence so admitted could not be used
against them in a criminal prosecution.
For that reason, said the same official,
thfi entire investigation of the beef ques
tion and filing of the bill of restraint can
ena only in the packers possibly .admit
ting .that they have In ways acted in re
straint of trade, but "would be good after
this and would not do so any more." and
the Government will be powerless to pun
ish them.
A well-known attorney in speaking of
the coming investigation and its outcome
said: "What has there been mentioned in
connection with the methods of the pack
ers that is in any way the basis for an
indictment? Absolutely nothing. There is
not an injunction that a living man can
draw up. an act of Congress or any ac
tion of court that can affect the price of
livestock and beef an eighth of a cent
other than it is being affected by the law
of supply and demand. How is the Gov
ernment going to show that the packers
have combined or conspired by extortion
or fraud to force prices? The Federal au
thorities will certainly ; have to do that
before any indictment will stick. The talk
about securing evidence to place before
the Federal Grand Jurv or of going-be
fore that body and indicting the leading
men in the business is nonsense."
GRAND JUEY ACTS.
ST. LOUIS, May 8.— The beef trust is
now under Investigation by the St. Louis
Grand Jury. Following the revelation at
Jefferson City that diseased meat is sold
in St. Louis. Circuit Attorney Folk to-day
presented the subject to the Grand Jury
He announces that he will subpena all
the witnesses who testified at Jefferson
City and all other persons whom he can
find that know anything: about the opera
tions of the beef companies.
"This has become a subiect for the
criminal courts," said Folk, "and the
matter will be as thoroughly Investigated
a- have been the bribery scandals, and I
have no doubt that men who have been
Belling diseased meat to St. Loulsans will
be landed behind the bars of the peni
tentiary." .
OMAHA. May S.— The South Omaha
livestock Exchange to-dav adopted a
resolution relative to the agitation over
«<?»,!r?£ • ™? St and askin ff the public to
judgment pending the Investig^
tSu n ° W P r °S ress - In part it is as
TVe respectfully ask the American people to
refuse to allow their minds to be prejudiced
Ly sensational articles being published broad
"H J f £ ough .. th . e P ress regarding the eo-called
Beef Trust." but hear both sides to the inves-
SfAi ? b€lns held before rendering their
r£F wh,J^" agila , tion !s hurtl «* the producer
h?,rtT, f f producer of any community is
hurt it is an injury to the foundation on which
£.l3rTM[ 1S ». bu "> Th ? Government is
f;J i if t? h "JS 8^ an . d com P lf ** investigation.
f£, . i . .£ ho . uld dfcv<?1 °P that there is a beef
trust, let the law be enforced, but do not injure
l»1 E™ 1 ??? 1 " b >: f °l'owlng E uch advice u"vSS\
bW £S£ aS by Ko doln * Jou «"»« not poesi-
SuKer* meat trUSt - ° nly the P">d£er
Sale of Diseased Meat Causes
St Louis Grand Jury
to Act
Proceedings Against the
Trust Delayed at
Chicago.
HUGH IN FILING
THE BEEF BILL
MORGAN DIRECTS
SHIPPING TRUST
Combine to Be Organized
to Satisfaction of
New Yorker.
Three-Fourths of Stock Must
Be Delivered Before
End of Year.
All questions, in case of dispute, are
eventually to be decided by Price, Water
house & Co., the London accountants.
Imsay, Imbrie & Co. bind themselves
not to undertake any kind of shipping
business for fourteen years. In the Do
minion line agreement the sellers promise
to use the influence of their votes to
cause the present directors to resign after
the completion of the purchase.
An additional paper, called a builders'
agreement, is appended, in which tha
.Morgans bind themselves to give Har
land & Wolff all orders for new vessels
and all heavy repairs "that require to- be
done at a shipyard of the United King
dom. Nothing herein contained, however,
shall prevent the purchasers from placing
orders for new steamers and repairs at
shipyards in the United States."
In return Harland & Wolff agree to
build no ships for any other firm but
those in the combine, except the Ham
burg-American line, provided the orders
of the combine keep the builders' works
fully and continuously employed.
DIEECTOBS TO RESIGN.
The exclusion of one line does not af
fect the agreement with the others. Tha
vendors agree to use their beat efforts
to deliver the necessary three-fourth3 of
their company's stock.
All the purchase prices include the shipa
building. The White Star owners, though
declaring that the line has been carried
on entirely at the risk of the purchasers
since January 1, 1901, . agree, until the
completion of the purchase, to carry on
the business of the line. For their per
sonal services the sellers "are to be paid
such amounts in remuneration as shall be
fixed by J. Pierpont Aiorgan of the cUy
of New Tork." .
The following important clause occurs
at the end of the White Star agreement:
"Inasmuch as the company is English
and domiciled In England, all questions
concerning the sellers arising under or
pursuant to this contract shall be con
trolled or directed by English law."
The agreements cover many printed
pages and include intricate arrangements
anent the White Star's affiliated interests
and minute directions regarding valua
tion.
INCLUDES SHIPS BUILDING.
VALUE OP I«EYTiANI> LINE.
The American and Transport lines ara
lumped in one valuation at $34,lo8,000, sub
ject to J19.6S6.000 of the American line s 5
per cent bonds.
The Leyland line Is valued at $11,736,000.
based on the understanding that there
are or will be outstanding $4.07o.OOO in »
ptr cent preference shares and $2.oOO.OOO in
5 per cent debentures, which are not in
cluded in the purchase price.
The method of payment Is as follows:
White Star line, 25 per cent cashed per
cent preferred stock at par and ZPn per
cent of the total amount In common at
par. The Dominion line payment is ex
actly the same, and the American ana
Transport lines get between them $18,314.
000 in preferred, $915,700 in common, $la.
844,000 in cash and such further cash as
may be required at a rate not exceeding
6 per cent.
It is provided that the corporation may
take or decline to take any of the lines
where less than three-fourths of their in
terest shall be delivered by December
31, 1002.
LONDON, May 8.— The Associated Press •
has secured copies of the shipping com
bine agreements. They are called "provi
sional-agreements for the purpose of th*
acquisition on or before December 31, 190-.
of the White Star, Dominion. American
and Atlantic transport lines, to be. or
ganized under the direction of the ven
dors to the satisfaction of the bankers,
namely, the Morgans, under the laws ot
the State of New York, or such other
State as shall be selected."
The vendors. Ismay Imbrie » A .Co Mills
& Co. (Dominion line) and \Videner. Gri|
com A Bernard Baker, receive as consid
eration for all their capital stock $120,000.
000. of which $60,000,000 is Preferred stock,
cumulative at 6 per cent,' and 560.000,000
common stock, limited to 10 per cent, and
also $50,000,000 in collateral trust 4fo per
cent debentures.
The White Star line's acquisition is
antedated to January 1. 1901, the com
bine, or corporation, as it is termed, tak
ing all the line's pronts from that data.
The White Star line shares are exchanged
>cn the basis of ten times the net profits
made by that line in 1901. The arrange
ment made with the .Dominion line is sim
ilar to that made with the White Star
line, but on the net pronts for 19C0.
BUTTE, Mont., May 8.— A special to the
Miner from Anaconda says that nine men
were severely injured, one fatally, in an
explosion to-day of a ladle containing five
tons of molten copper in the converter of
the "Washoe smelter. The accident oc
curred at the noon hour, when the big
ladle was being emptied, and is supposed
to have been caused by cold water com
ing in contact with the metal. The
molten copper was hurled with terriflo
force, and had the accident occurred dur
ing the working hours the list of casual
ties would have been considerable.
Larry Dower, who it la believed will
die, was frightfully mangled.
Ladle Containing Five Tons of Mol-
ten Copper Explodes Severely
Injuring Nine Hen.
MONTANA MINERS MEET
• .^ - WITH SERIOUS ACCIDENT
BAKERSFIELD, May 8.— Postmaster
R. A. Edmonds was thrown from his
horse to-day just prior to the Industrial
parade and his head was badly cut. The
wound is not serious, but it required sev
eral stitches to close it.
Bakersfleld Postmaster Injured.—*
BUSINESS MEN BOARD TRAIN IN HIGH SPIRITS
AND START ON THEIR JOURNEY OF INSPECTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO v CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902;
4
Bakersfield Will Be
the; First Town to
Welcome Visitors
NEW- ADVEBTISEKCENTS.
FCASpFl
Many 3Iore Like It in San Francfnco.
The following case Is but one of many
similar occurring dally in San Francisco.
It is an easy matter to verify Its correct-
ness. Surely you cannot ask for better
proof than such conclusive evidence.
William Blackwell of 14 Jackson street
says: "If all troubled with pain in their
back and annoyed from the action of the
kidney secretions could have these ended
as quickly as the use of Doan's Kidney
Pills ended mine, backache and ita ac-
companying ills need have no terrors for
sufferers from kidney complaint. I had
considerable annoyance from pain in my
back, and I knew from the condition of
the kidney secretions that the kidneys
were at fault. Doan's Kidney Pills, pro-
cured at the Owl Drug Company. 112S
Market street, stopped the last attack."
For sale by all dealers, price 50 cent j.
Foster-Mllburn Co.. Buffalo. N. Y., sole
agents for the United States..
. Remember the name— Doan's— and taka
no substitute. . ..
/* 1 virw Beds. Chairs. Stovea, Etc.
/* A til 5 1 1 Tenta for Ktnt and for Sale.
I A isl U Gttns. Rifles. Fishln* Tackl*
i. I Uk IWl IT and Sporting ¦ Goods. Sen.l
Vri 1 1 If. ' for Catalogue. SHREVE &
i?:.***;.** BARBEK CO.. 730 Market
¦t, and 5\J Kearny »LAMERICAN REPRESENTATIVE:
WHO HAS HASTENED FROM
SANTO DOMINGO TO HATTI.
Continued From Page One.
MIGHTY CREVASSES SHOW,
Continued From Page One.
DEMAND FEDERAL INQUIRY.
The Republican Primary League has a
score to settle with Gage. There Is no
doubt as to the anti-Gage attitude of the
League. The fact is well remembered that
Gasre projected himself into a local battle
to defeat this organization in a primary
election. Special care will be taken in
the next contest to eliminate Gageites
from the League tickets. If Gage has any
<*oubt concerning the temper of the Re
publican Primary League let him write a
fctter to the organization. j
Senator Perkins is in a bad fix. His al
liance with the bosses In the fight over
the Collectorshlp of Internal Revenue
threatens to cause him endless trouble.
The Senator went a little beyond the lim
its of pollt Ical sagacity when he advised
George Hatton to follow Collector John
Lyncb's advice in the selection of candi
dates for the Legislature. In making this
suggestion to Hatton the Senator snowed
but little respect for the, order of the
President against Interference of Federal
officeholders in political affairs. Con
trary to the spirit and letter of President
Sooeevelt's order, Lynch is doing politics
PERKINS IN BAD FIX.
For some reason best known to himself
Governor Gage has seen fit to treat the
Union League Club with scant courtesy.
He did not make up his mind to attend
the League reception in honor of Senator
Bard until the eleventh hour, and then
rave as a reason for his peculiar conduct
H statement that he had not received a
formal invitation. The real facts are th-it
the club sent a special committee to Sac
ramento to personally invite him. The
committee saw the Governor and invited
him. The club members took into ac
count Gage's chagrin over the defeat ot
Burns and the election of Bard and over
°The Unfon League Club has no candi
date for Governor. At the next dinner E.
F. Prerton and Dr. Pardee may be placed
on the list of speakers. Beforethe Re
publican convention assembled! homas
Flint. E. B. Edson, Frank Short and W.
iX. Cutter may have ample opportunity to
address their fellow members of the
League. Gage may regard such speaking
as a piece of effrontery on the part of
the gubernatorial candidates and conclude
to write a- letter expressive of his dis
pleasure. It may please his Gageshlp to
remind the Union League that he expects
a renomtnation. No doubt the League
would imitate the example of the San
Jose convention and allow such a letter
to be read.
GOVEBNOB IS INVITED.
The Union League Club of San Fran
cisco proposes a banquet or reception in
honor of Governor Odell of New York.
The Governor is not sure at this time that
his engagements will allow him oppor
tunity to attend a club function, but he
will know when he ar*iyes In San Fran
cisco r.ext Sunday whether he can accept.
The statement that invitations haye been
issued to the proposed banquet is prema
ture. No one has been invited and no one
has been "turned down." Guests will not
be • invited until Governor Odell signifies
his acceptance.
The Union League is. an Institution
maintained by Republicans for the pur
pose of supporting Republican principles
and promoting party success. Its mem
bership of 500 embraces many active and
influential Californians— men who have
achieved distinction for energy and enter
prise. It is the custom of the League to
extend its hospitality to eminent repre
sentatives of the Republican party. Pres
idents Harrison and McKinley, Governor
>ash of Ohio, Cabinet officers. United
States Senators and others holding high
station in public life have been the guests
of the League. The Mayor of San Fran
cisco, a progressive Republican, was re
cently the honored guest of the club. The
Mayor's eloquent tribute to the principles
of 'human liberty produced a profound
impression.
Banquet Is Proposed to
Governor Odell of
New York.
WICHITA.- Kans.. May S.— Engineer S. A.
Price of the Oklahoma and Western road was
drowned while crossine the Washak River in
Oklahoma to-day in a small boat.
LE AGUE TALKERS
READY TO SPEAK
SAN DOMINGO, Santo Domingo,
May 8.— The United States Min
ister, William F. Powell, owing to
the situation of affairs here, has
suspended all intercourse with the
revolutionary government and is prepar
ing to leave San Domingo for Hayti, to
which country he Is also accredited. His
departure is due to the grave difficulties
existing In Hayti. where a revolution Is
said to be in progress.
ostensibly for Perkins. Later on the
bosses may attempt to deliver the goods
to some candidate other than Perkins.
The Senator is not wholly satisfied with
Hatton's work under Lynch' s direction.
He has other agents In the field. The in
dependent agencies have given warning
of the danger that threatens ' the senior
Senator. There is no telling what will
happen in California next November. The
spirit of independence Is abroad. In the
land. All signs point to a popular upris
ing against bosses and all those affiliating
with bossism. The people will have op
portunity to elect 100 members of the Leg
islature. Only sixty-one members arc
needed to elect a United States Senator.
In accordance with a decree of the Chief
of the Revolution, the laws passed and
the decrees issued by competent legal au
thorities are to remain In force until the
promulgation of the new constitution.
A number of political ' exiles have al
ready arrived .here.
The change of government here has put
a stop to the steps taken by Powell to ar
range a settlement of the claims of the
Dominican Improvement . Company of
New York against Santa Domingo. These
claims were being favorably considered by
the Government which has just been over
thrown and were in fair condition for set
tlement.
The Dominican Congress has been dis
solved and a provisional government has
been formed as follows:
General Horacio Vasquez, Supreme
Chief of the Revolution.
Juan Francisco Sanchez, Minister of
Foreign Affairs.
Emiliano Tejerand, Minister of Finance.
Miguel A. Plchardo, Minister of War
and Marine.
Rafael Justlno Castillo, Minister ' of
Posts and Telegraphs.
Jose Maria Cabral Baez, Minister of
Justice.
Jose Francisco Guzman, Minister of
Public Works.
Casimiro Cordero, Minister of the In
terior and of Police.
¦CORK, May 8.— Prince Henry of Prus
sia and • the Duke of Connaught, com
mander'of the forces in Ireland, visited
the i exhibition to-day. _- They were re
ceived at: the railroad, station by'.,the
Lord' Mayor and other officials .and were
driven to the exhibition' grounds," where
they, were welcomed by an enthusiastic
crowd. ¦ The German V national anthem
was played.. ' . ' '. '¦•¦'¦
or- if j any of the 1 houses of foreigners or
foreign" firms had been,; destroyed. They
heard.* however, that; the number of home
less; in Guatemala as a result. of the do^
struction caused by .the earthquake' was
computed jat- 30,000.* It; was; feared that n
famine ~ would'i follow. -- anrl;vwith : - its -, at'
tendant" casualties "swell the death list. ¦
Prince Henry Visits' the "Exhibition
According to stories -told in San Jose
after the earthquake, the scenes In Es
cuintla and some of the other cities 'of
that province which suffered the most
were terrible. ..The bodies of victims were
being dug from the ruins of houses and
picked up from the streets ' by soldiers
and . others. Carts were being heaped
with dead, which were being buried In
trenches.. . In San- Jo3e, the capital- of the
central province of Guatemala, 1000 build
ings • were destroyed by the earthquake
and three people, were killed. Some of
the officers of his Majesty's ship Graf ton,
who were ashore at the time of the shock,
had narrow escapes from being struck by
the falling timbers. .The cathedral , at
Guatemala had its towers badly damaged
as a result of the shock and many of the
finer, buildings 'of -the "city ' had -largo
cracks In their . walls after the enrthquake.
• Travelers coming into the. city; reported
that the railway had been* much dam
aged and progress was difficult,; for -the
embankments had -t been badly,
and the rails spread in- many; places. ¦ The
stories of death and destitution' were com
ing :into San ;' Jose from; all ; sides before
the Grafton sailed: from there, two days
after ..the earthquake.) the worst: stories
being : " received ;*¦ from Escuintla, l which
province ; suffered- the: most. "• i-v--, .<>: -¦ :¦¦:.
None of -those -.on ¦' the • Grafton could
learn of the total, extent of , the damage
VICTORIA, B. C., -May 8.— Details. were'
brought by the English flagship Graf ton
of the earthquake at Guatemala, .which
shook the ' war vessel considerably socn
after the ship's company finished dinner
on the evening of April 18, when the ves
sel was anchored at San Jose.^> The shocks
caused very heavy loss of life. The city
of Escuintla, capital of the .Guatemalan
province of the same name, was alrno3t
completely destroyed. The shock, was
only, felt for forty seconds at Guatemala
At Escuintla the shock was felt for
about two minutes, and houses were
cracked and destroyed, hundreds being
buried in the ruins and struck by the fall
ing timbers, adobeand stones. • The loss
of life was -variously estimated at from
3000 to 5000 in the city of Escuintla ac
cording to some reports published in San
Jose, but some. of the merchants engaged
in business there stated i that they ha<1
advices from the wrecked district which
placed the death list at from -1000 to 1500
The- c5ty of Escuintla had a population
of about 10,000 /people before the shock
which cut ravines in .the fields and shook
many of the cities,; houses and: buildings
to wrecks. The great portion 1 of these
were. left homeless and in distress as' a
result of the shocks. -s/-
English War Vessel Graf ton Brings
Earthquake' Tales.
DESOLATION WROUGHT.*'
THE HAGUE, May 8.— In the presence
of the Prince Consort and a distinguished
congregation which attended Ascension
day in the church at Apeldoorn this
morning, the Protestant minister deliv
ered" an address of thanksgiving for the
preservation -of the. life of ¦ Queen TV11
helmlna, who, he said, had been saved
by the hand of God. Great as has been
the sorrow and disappointment of the
pious hope of the royal family, a disap
pointment which also was a great grief
to the nation, yet, said the minister,
"can • we not happily exclaim 'triumph ?' "
RECOVERY OF THE QTJEE1T
CAUSES THANKSGIVING
_ The shock of the earthquake was felt at
Souscnate. republic of Salvador, more than 500
miles away." — . ¦ - , ..,
I was governess for the family of J. Apariclo,
who is a gentleman,' of much wealth and the
owner of much' property In the city of Quezal
temango. I was living at his home, which is
the finest residence in the city, being a beauti
ful three-story -structure. Like - most other
houses it has Its main entrance in the- center
of the house, but there was a side entrance
built out like an alcove. I afterward learned
the reason for having this side entrance.
We were nil inside nt. the time of the earth
quake and when It occurred I. made a rush for
the front door, but Mr. Aparlcio, taking me by
the arm, said: "Don't go out that door, or you
will sorely be killed." He then hurried me to
the side entrance with the others. Just as we
entered the side alcovo the house fell In, and
If I had been at the front door, for which I
had . started, . I surely would have been killed,
but as it was we all found ourselves perfectly
safe, as the heavy framework of the alcove
had withstood the shock. I was Informed that
these alcoves or side entrances were built es
pecially strong, and it was the custom in case
ot earthquakes, to stand underneath them. Th»
entire town was destroyed and more than 500
persons lost their lives.
Miss Donoghue, telling of her thrilling
experience during the earthquake, said:
ESCAPE THROUGH ALCOVE.
Miss Cecilia Donoghue of 2523 California
street came up from Ocos on the New
port. She was in a three-story house in
an interior city on the night of the dis
turbance, and had a thrilling experience.
The top story was shaken down over the
heads of the people in the. house,', but
everybody escaped without a scratch.
some idea as to what the shaking had
meant to the people ashore."
TV. Hill, the attorney, and
Stephen Hill, his brother, swore to similar
allegations and told of the famous alley
way and back door entrance to Campbell's
office, by which'' people -enter, whose deal
ings with the "boss" a're to, be kept sub
W. N.Speegle, business manager of the
Standard, swore in his affidavit that he
was present : when Campbell and . Bull
sought to compel Thompson to agree to
resign the- Receivership of the Land Of
fice about. July lln consideration of the
withdrawal of their opposition to his-re
appointment.' .Senator. Selvage, .whose
ambition to go to Congress does not meet
with the: approval of Campbell's crowd,
for the reasons stated by Selvage, is gen
erally looked to by the people as a fearless
leader who will. help them overthrow ring
rule. . • : "-' . • . ¦ . '¦ ..¦¦"'.-
Campbell's dominance has been : com
plete and if- his devices do not fail a Gage
delegation, chosen by the County Commit
tee ' will go to the State~ convention and
he'will continue to name convention dele
gates and election boards, | fix the slate
for county and municipal elections and
control the parceling of. local patronage.
-His ODponents, however,- believe that the
department at Washington cannot ignore
the charges made against Campbell and
they are convinced that if a special agent
be sent to investigate enough of corrup
tion arid' offensive partisanship .will be
discovered to cause the removal even of
a man with' a .much stronger pull than
Campbell possesses. : .
That he has known Sterling Campbell, who is
now and has been for the past four years Col
lector of the port of Eureka, Cal.. 1 for eight or
ten years; that during the past few years, to
the knowledge of the affiant, the said- Sterling
Campbell has been an offensive partisan in pol
itics here, and in regard to that fact affiant Is
Informed and belitvea, and therefore alleges
upon such information and belief as follows:
That said Sterling Campbell has improperly
Intermeddled with the conduct of primary elec
tions In this county; that at Buch primary elec
tions he has put up .delegates 'who were pledged
to a large extent to do his bidding; that -he
uses money prior to and at such primary elec
tions to succeed In electing the said pledged
delegates; that with such delegates he claims
to control the Republican nomination for near
ly every important office in the county, and
even eoes bo far as to pledge the county dele
gation, to district or State conventions, to sup
port or to refuse to support any candidate for
nomination that he desires; that for his manip
ulation cf primaries and conventions he has
gained for himself the name of "Boss Camp
bell,".and his clique are known as the "push"
from one end ot this county to the other and
are so spoken of In San Francisco; that he and
his clique have become notorious and extremely
offensive to a large percentage of the voters of
this county, which fact had - almost disrupted
the local Republican organization here and has
set on foot a bitter factional fight. For said
reasons said Campbell is not a creditable repre
sentative of the Republicans of this community,
and is therefore not ,a • proper person to hold
a place of trust or j honor at the hands of the
Government. ;-¦-; ..V , ! . . '. ¦
W.' T. S. Hadley, an attorney and Ref
eree in Bankruptcy for Humboldt County
and for many years secretary of the Re
publican County Committee, made affi
davit to facts as follows regarding Camp
bell's political methods:
son and Mllnes was shortly afterward settled
and Campbell Informed me. that an agreement
had been entered Into with Gillette by whi<?h
the machine Si- Humboldt County would support
him against me for Congress. Campbell Is
now doing everything he possibly can do inter
viewing commltteemen and his. political lieu
tenants throughout the county, to secure alle
gation to the State Convention antagonistic to
my candidacy. _ - ". - ...
Carmack declared that Lodge was dis
honoring 'the American army and the
Americans by defending orders which
looked to. the murder of women and chil
dren. Such orders of death— a brutal and
inhuman order— could .not be justified by
anybody; yet these were the orders which
Senators had the "devilish impudence to
justify." ..;.-••:?
Carmack delivered a denunciation of the
conduct of military operations in the Phil
ippines, and denounced General Smith, j
branding him as a "scoundrel" and "mur
derer" who had dishonored the American
army and had done nothing but butcher
a whole people.
Burton of Kansas concluded the speech
which he began yesterday. He referred,
as Instances of atrocious cruelty, to the
battle of Wounded Knee, to the Mountain
Meadow massacre, and to the massacre
of Union soldiers at Fort Pillow, and con
tended that, the .action of the American
troops in the Philippines was, in most
instances, entirely within the regulations
of civilized warfare.
good feeling was shown by the -active par
ticipants in "the war of words— Dolllver
and Car mack — who cordially shook hands
and laughed over the encounter.
The Rorima. Captain Muggah, which
was destroyed at St. Pierre, left New
York, April 26, for St. Thomas, where she
arrived May 2. From St. Thomas she pro
ceeded for St. Croix, de Maare, etc.
The population of Martinique is about
168,000, of whom some 17,000 are. whites
and Asiatics,, the rest being negroes.
time volcanic, as is attested by the great
masses of scoria and lava intervening be
tween them and compassing parts of their
sides and summits. « \
Continued From Page One.
ST. PIERBE UNDER LAVA.
CABINET TO LOSE MEMBER.
Continued From Page One.
MINER BIRD GETS DAMAGES.— Antone
Bird, a miner, who was **verely injured In thn
Utlca mine at Angels Camp last year, was
awarded $3000 damages by a jury in Judge
Hunt's Court yesterday. Bird sued the Utica
Gold Mining Company for $25,000.
* !A. Eugene E.- Schmltz Club was organ
ized last night at 14 Third street for the
purpose of perpetuating the Twenty
eighth Assembly District Club. Two hun
dred members signed the roll. The f ollow
ins officers were chosen: President.
Thomas Dolan; vice president, P. M. Duf
fy; secretary, T. E. Butler; treasurer,
William Qulgley, and sergeant-at-arms.
Frank McGuire. Speeches were made in
which the administration of Mayor
Schmitz was commended. Political bosses
were denounced. Schmitz was mentioned
as a leader who would give the State a
clean administration.
Twenty-Eighth District ,Club.
The committee administered a rebuke to
the Board of Works by ordering the or
dinance reducing the . width of sidewalks
on Anthony street to ten feet to be amend-\
ed so that they will be restored to their
original width of thirteen feet. A. Aron
son complained that "he had bep n ordered
to tear out some underground work In his
building on the street named, although he
had been Informed by the board that the
sidewalks were thirteen feet wide. The
board subsequently Informed him that the
width had been reduced and the changes
would cost him $5000.
The Board of Works was authorized to
advertise for bids for the repair of bitu
minous pavements, at an estimated cost
of $20,000, and to pave Howard street be
tween Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth
streets.
J. T. Burke, representing the Southern
Pacific Company, informed the committee
that the corporation was desirous of hav
ing its engineers explain the route for
which a franchise has been asked for a
cut-off line from Sunnydale avenue to
Sixth street, and also to give information
as to the intended method of construc
tion. Consideration of the franchise was
postponed for one week to hear from the
residents of the Mission district as. to the
advisability of granting a franchise
through the Mission on the existing route.
Charles Wheeler appeared before the
committee in support of the petition of
property owners for. the opening of Lyon
street. Mr. Wheeler said that the estab
lished law is that Lyon street Is eighty
feet wide north of Union street, and per
sons occupying the street are obstruction
ists and should be removed. He advised
the city to purchase the so-called Miran
da grant, made in 1833 by the Mexican
Government, and tb make an appropria
tion in the budget for the purpose. The
committee decided to notify parties ob
structing the streets to appear before the
joint Committee on Judiciary and Streets
on May 16.
The Board of Works submitted a plat
showing obstructions on Lyon street. The
City Engineer says there has been some
contention as to the proper location of
Lyon street, and the question may again
be raised. It has been contended .that there
should be no deflection, but the deflected
•line has in recent Supreme Court deci
slonp been held to be correct. "
The Supervisors' • Street Committee re
ported yesterday in favor of the recom
mendation of the Board of Public Works
that the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company be granted permission
to grade lands in the vicinity of Eight
eenth, and Minnesota . , streets. J John
Mooney, the only protestant against the
change of grades, stated that he would
sell his property at Eighteenth and Min
nesota streets to the railway company, for
$25,000. Captain A. ,H. Payson, represent
ing the corporation, said he would pay
$20,000 for Mooney's -property, although
the company did not require it. - Payson
as a^i alternative offered to pay $4000 for
damages to Mooney's property, but the
last namd declined to accept either offer.
The committee agreed that the offers
were fair and thought that the Improve
ment should begin at once. The plan in
cludes-the building of a foot bridge on
Nineteenth street, from Iowa to Minne
sota, a wagon bridge on. Twentieth street,
between Iowa and Tennessee, and a bridge
on Eighteenth street, from Iowa to Indi
ana streets. ..'-'¦ '
Postpones Action on Petition
, of S. P. Company for
New Franchise.
Street Committee Au
thorizes Santa Pe to
Begin Work.
ORDERS CHANGE
OF MANY GRADES
THF SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902.
Owing to the Situation of Affairs There He Suspends All
Relations With Revolutionary Government and Will Pro
ceed to Hayti, to Which Country He Is Also Accredited
UNITED STATES MINISTER
TO LEAVE SAN DOMINGO
5
Costume Poses by San The Enjpirc of Business.:
Francisco SocictyJLadies. B r An &ew Carnegis.
vThe most exclusive series of photas
ever given to a San Fran- . My Experiences 21S a
eweo Sunday paper. • 1 t 1
pose No. 2 next Sunday. Criminal Lawycn
' '_¦ a- - By Judge Carroll Cook.
Sec Pat and Hciny in „ , _ 1U ¦. lttl
New Adventures. Ho^ to J^ c ULMc
\.,-^_ ¦ • Man " jor Svmmer. ,
The Society "Avtoneers" mjr . ~ . _ . I
of San Francisco. Ma * IC . m * Puzzle Pic '
Do you know who thry are ? lUrKi.
-See next Sunday's Ca*.L The best ever published.
: Beauty, Fashions. How to.Stage a New Play.
"The Sunday Call Magazine Section contains more Western §
5 stories than all other San Francisco Sunday papers combined. 1 i
THE '.-.¦ EMPOBITJlff. . ; | '. ,%^, >: THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBITTM." ?< • | THE EMPORIUM.
> 24 hours in the Aips—Leslcr and Kent's beautiful Electrical Exhibit— hourly each day- from 10 a. m. until $
J ; closing thus, in oui\ Attraction Hall, -second l\oor— Admission Free* i 5
i Bensttorf's Royal Dutch sit" 7 \ Another Candy Saie for $
I Chocolate, 8 Cakes 25c. ~Z£' \s^ f /- Saturdav Onlw. 5
l Without doubt, the most extraordinary value that the \* yjfcf (? BSi^tt/MS Jr^/&7' MMt f4f " - <mmmmmmmm .mmwm^y <m*mmmjm x,
> Grocery Department has offered this season. To r day only, GLpjf Jr £ J" of r 7 g MM J /( 7/ J^JfJ/^ff/l To-morrow we shall sell delicious Cream Wafers fresh "J
1 |^ C^£ tt c5fflSft I^l5S^4tS I iS I1 ffi W*A*^^* M WV* / ' /§ ±U*& f-m our own factory; one of *e dainde* confections nude; %
best that Is made to use for cooking purposes. Sells in y<«-irOHNIA5 LARGEST- M usually so.d for 50c perlb.; our regular price 35c; 7 dif- Jt
1 most ttores at four cake* for 25c; a few sell It for 5c a '"•> '' . ¦— iMBIHffMff^^^^^^^^^ ferent varieties on sneeial «!r SaniHav rwr IK X
cake. To-day ON SALES TABLESIN MAIN Off- " Ct varieties on special sale Saturday, per It) . pg -^
.AISLE. .iqiQHT, CAKES ;... v .'.- v . .............;... : r". . . • .—¦"..-. '.; . ; ¦¦' ' ,- ...... JtSStG 5
[ Exfg*a Special Biack Dress Goods Remnants. Guns and Rifles J
I - Ona-Quarter Oft 'Already Reduced Prices* SBf* #»£)/»#§ S
» O£&©F*3ft&3§ mI*CBWB To-day only — 300 waist, skirt and suit lengths of this season's most de- vOt* &€3%*MMm j,
t ' - •* sirable Black Dress Fabrics — Voile de . Gaze, T Mistrals, Cloths, Cheviot, A good gun for shooting for 98c, and j*
* SMf&Sffdty BS&BStSm Serges, Prunellas, Novelty Figured and Striped Effects — that have already be;n - rusty old muskets with straps for the *
$ -:¦¦¦-.*; *^ *T \- marked at remnant prices, at a still further reduction of 25 per cent. v shoulders and bent ramrods, that 5
} Hoso^ Supporters— l*te»\k Sat ") V ' -_: : look like relics of Rsvo'utionary 3»
If Belt Supporters, with frilled elastic sides and _¦ ¦ _ . ." .¦•_ _ . _' _ . . ' _ • • . _¦ __ •- . r . v-A ._'Jf
i button da«p 3 , red, blue, pink and black, in all GtlQlCQ FHd^y 3ttd Saturday Atty Man's times, for arosUc decorauons of cozy ,
§ sizes; also, 150 piirs of Marlowe Supporters, 4&f!tS ilff% Cv**# S— Tfcf«9> xssn. corners, dens, cmb rooms, etc., for <•
J to .hook to the corset tteel, toth styles 15c . WW ClIK #11 IMS •wx . £«S S3Om C Did VJU CVer hear Of S
f : values, Fnday on!y, paif ...... /ffc Store fO3' $12mOO. jSf/ W such a bargain in guns? 2
& Frsmnd Pictures— Bright and at- •: - The three Great Powers— the United Sutes, S
Jr. tractive water color facsimiles,, landscapes, They're the . best garments we could buy from 0 >v r \M/ >y England and Germany— in June, xS 99 , took 5
| figures, flowers, fruts and animals, each in a the best makers in America to sell for J I C.OO. /i / I l\ ¦!• f " \ frora the Samoans 3,500 weapons, which #
S tasty #-inch frame, with gilt metal corners; _ L , • -ui 1 u- v. '» u u • j/l I A/\ L \ were brought to the Mars Island Nary Yard X~
J pictures well -worth 75c; if you have a place 1 he best, pcssib.e Clotirng that best brains and f -ft I 1 J T fl j by the United States vessel "Badger." We fi
g where a 1 ex 1 6-inch picture would look weH " highest skill can produce - to Sell at that price. V /) A. yI" T J I bought all of these riflrs, guns, muskets, $
J buy these to-day for . -r^- :.'. -38O Th{ . of values that haye buik Qur ¦ -^ N7 - f^f 1 \ \ . carbin^ etc. mcluding such makes « the S
»? Dz*Uhiii FfSffttzf Mantols — For •• j '-'•-• • j ' - i *_• >t>i_ // I J\\ I Rtmirgron, Colts and Snyder-Enfield Rifles, «J
S. i w" hS- Lam™! ly!S "wn Peerles, mense trade in ready-to-wear clothing. &hjre;|^g^ W Mtf at a pnee which enables^, to A A ' 2
K aoth Century, fh'at' do not bend from heat; fore the amount deducted from the CVCry-day In V \ | offer them now each . . . . •. %JOC Jf
j» any child can put theni on; worth 25c; sale price for these two day3 IS just SO much saved I H VI ~ jr
If priceto-day ............ /4O by purchaiers. / r ...\ \ \1 Vfaistings Sals. %
If WhlteQiiZlGun— «jl» Our $15.00 all-wool Cassimere," Tweed, Fancy • I A A This is a larg; lot of New Warnings— Prind- 3*
tf :to puton Wesbach lamp, ' |TT,' v Worsted and plain blue and black Cheviot | ™ J^A'T'l-T f**?* I *
R to g-ve.a sott light, and , la'lW " . • 11 r ¦>• j \ II U II - K 00 " 1 «product:on of the high-dan French X
p protect eyes from the g!are; | Suits for men-, cut in the latest fashion and 1 I \ \\ makes, in fancy weave, mohair finish; suit- .«
tf regularly 15c each,. special -,^ [& la extremely well made; -. - -_ -^ __^ I II >4=/ Iffi/ aWe for outin 5 wcar » 01 drejses, good
K t>da y 8C 'i^frtUL special for Friday and @W^ ffuSS \ k\ L- V • house dre33 "' etc -" and although a «J
R Printed 4rffaS3t> on'v -'mpmrnm mV%^ XD\£5> *5<= value, Friday only they are, _ %
tf Df»«T|»ff#»y— For cot- V (j\A J oaturaa X on / ••'. J^p peryard . .IOC .]
if ta g; cumins and for lawn \^J\/ Friday and Saturday Bargains in Boys' C'olhing. ¦ - — 35
8f curtains; a 'heavy, durable /"^g^A Doublc-Breastcd Kncc-Pants Suits for ages 9 to 1 6 yean; mace of he^vy all- NlCKei fJatett Tea .<*
ft qual i? r ofSoc colored- ¦¦ .-.L~J y -wool Cheviots and Cass'meres; 20 styles; exclusive patterns; worth $5.00 4fe*ft g%4% -and CoffGC Pofs. 47o» «
1? muslins, 46 inches wide, £a , , #/-„_. ,„ •,, /„. ,.„._ j. v . ' tSS-5* - I^flra *»"«* %#»/«¦&»-. ¦ *?***? -a-M%*m
" ; : '.-I- . „ rnnr J ¦ t=J » and |6.oo; special for two days . . %f?iaJJmmSZ2 J, These handsome tea ;M
|f in six ditterent co or et- • -^ „ . , — •
it fects, on spocjjlsa'e to-day, yard . . 29o Bo y s ' Colored Sailor Sutts for stges 3 tD 10 years; choice of a large variety of -fe^ilA ¦ "^""^ ' X
ft , Writing Tablets— $oo letter s : ze, ' \ «"rwool Serges and Cheviots in red, brown, green, fan and fancy natures; handsomely trim- \/=^Wjp^S Seet white met^ 5
K ruled or plain, satin wove or linen finish, to- med and extra well made; in fact, choice if any of our regular $5.00 *£O f £2 V mA* 11^! hearilv n i e ic e 1 %
f N day, each.-. ......... . Q O Fancy Sailor Suits on Friday and Saturday for ... ......... t ' ' W\ M pSfwhh black %
K VallantS VJoIntto Toilet Youths' Long Trousers— Sizts 28 to 32 waists and lengths; heavy worsted L_ __^j J\ enamded handles; : J
g> /\\ '':'~-VttJiSor—The six ounce bot- ¦ materia'sj sold regu'arly at $2.45; sale price Fr:diy and Saturday only . . •§ f§ 0% the coffee pots, 3, ••
K W ;te3, regular price of whxh is ....................... .\ [B-H^Tmf 4 and 5 pint sizes; jj
5- t?I 35<V°-d»y °n> • • . M© c 'Beautiful new Hair Dressing and Minicurr Parlors now open on . . . c the tca P oo, 3 and J
J H P^£™fJ?Tf£r* t secondjloor. Expert atlendzntsind the most modern appliances Jor llT^T^t i
If /* v \. styles and colorings, in very pretty treating the hair and SCa/p. ' ¦ ¦: \ Friday only; your choice of any jma— i
Jf g-ssn^ bulb atomizers, many with the — — " — ' size, all at the one price, each . . mG \
I .-I '€£ ¦7<S:^'. a !:"i$o Embroideries 4c. /f^X t£-00 Liquors, Friday. $
X SJ\^ Man's Golf ShfrtS— Thls » Ae last day of the Embroidery S»le. . t(/|jm|] WatCtt Keller Whisky-Spring of «cellent S
V ZJ^ Fine quality of Percales and About 1 0,000 yards of pretty Cambric Em- £1.37. quality of straight Bourbon; regularly f 4. 00 *
g " Madras, some with plaited broideries, from 2 to 3^ inches wide; worth ***'•??*¦* gallon; to-morrow ....... $295 5
» fronts, in the la'est style, others with plain regularly 7^c, g^c^and 10c per _ - L! r u t" Best French Vermouth (NoOly Prat)— Friday «
bosoms; all with tucks to match; the regular yard; on special sale at **» , jttfZg^iBm^S. '."J only bott'c 44t3 Jt
K |i.oo grade; to-day . . ; . GQo . ; _ JtTT.D t « Ginger' Ale-Taylor',; Friday, do 2e n . 75o «¦
I s^M^f^s, A Butter Sale § { \Jk SSr^SS I
J SaturdayOniy. Friday On$V* W :^aJI "™- = "^ ***. ' **oj
$f 3,000 packs of the famous Emporium Play- ~ m^ vS&& jf**\ *Juflr/ w dl'known _^ - ¦> » m* 0%' " W 5
J ing Cards; highly glazed; b;s: grade of linen The very best Creamery Butter that is ySs$^\} j&JfflJ Padasha, made nlfgnt Uniy j
i-V2^£$;%££*2BQ -^(theusual.grade soldbythe /Udl'S P^tS $1. 69. J
«f - -1-1 L___ i * big store); reguar size squares; on To _ morraw from 7 m6l los j O p . m . J
JC • —. -.- _ . " _ special sale to-morrow f^JBg* . them only— on special sale to- J^ m *%*m only, Men's strictly all-wool Cassimere jf
J» . JO-nignt Uniy only.. ......:. **^'* r day, each . ....... &Um&M Pants, heavy weight, extra weH made, worth J*
¦f Men's Working Shirts, Saturday night, 4Qo ' " "**-¦¦•''¦ — — — — — — '¦ j — : $3-°° per pair, on special sale 4?O "5
Men's Vki Kid Show r ... . . $2,2Qf ontolla 5o Gigars—10 for 2So To*Day and Saturday. at . .j. . ipa.OiJ y
San Francisco, FriSay, 9 May, 1002.
Cobbler Seat -jftc cb
In two woods and two finishes— golden oak
and birch in imitation mahogany. Has a cob-
bler seat studded with brass nails and is of su-
perior construction. Price of either finish, $5.50.
Chair of same design in either finish, "$5.00.
•Interested in cozy corners? Little novel-
; ties help the effect wonderfully— spears, swords,
wrought iron lanterns with colored glass , Indian
heads, etc. A suggestion on our third floor now
in an Oriental \ effect showing the possibilities of !
.little money. Of course, we haveskilled- work-
men at your disposal whose services may "be. had
at moderate cost. Come in and get some hints.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) •
: ' 957 to,977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. ¦FRl D A Y MAY 9, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor/;:
/toets All CcEnmcicatiens to W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
niJLICATIOX OFFICE... ?InrUet and Third. S. F.
riHTOHIAL ROOMS 21T to Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
Ask lor THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered fcjr Cnrrler*. 15 Out* Ver Week.
Sfnsrlf Coplen. 5 Cent*.
7>rm* by Mnfl. Including 1 Poatnftet
PAfLT CALI, (Including Sunday), one year $8.00
tiAILT CALI> fincJuJlng Funday), « months 8.00
r»An.T CALLi (including Sunday). S months I.BO
DAILT CALL. — By Slnrle Month 65c
fCKDAT CALL. One Tear I.BO
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1.00
All pontmantem nre authorized to receive
•mbxcrlptlona.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
M*J1 rub«crtberF In ordering, change of address should b»
rartJcular to give both JfEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to insure a pranjpt and correct compliance with their reiuesr.
OAKLAND OFFICE HIS Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kcctgtr Foreign Advertising, Manjcette Building Chicago.
(Lcnc Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN n. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
XEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
TTftiaorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman H^ase; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
rremoKt House; Auditorium Hotel.
IVASHIN'GTOX CO. CV> OFFICE. . . .1400 G St., X. W.
MORTOX E. CltAXE. Correspondent.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Call ¦ulifterlberR contemplating: n chanjr* of
midenee dorlnc the ¦nmmer months can liave
»l>elr paper forvrnrded by mall to their new
nddrenei by notifying The Coll Business Office.
This paper vrlll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented ajr a local agent In
nil toTt-na on the coast.
Now- that Republican ; Senators have yielded to
Democratic insistence and begun to debate, the Phil
ippine situation the insistent fellows have begunito
wish they. had been -less brash. -They are getting the
worst ; bf;.the argument. . : ' . \
. The one great virtue of Burnett's Vanilla Ex
tract is purity. It's real vanilla extract & noth
ing but vanilla extract. Always use Burnett's.
The' London County Council has under considera
tion a -plan '.to r, tax poster advertising as is done in
France, and the. discussion over it has brought to
light the fact that King Edward derives a small rev
enue from poster advertising by leasing for' that pur
pose the walls of. some of the crown property. Not
withstanding that fact, however, it is believed the
Council will impose the tax. .It seems to be con
ceded that it is the only effective w'ay.- of- regulating
the poster nuisance. ' ;.
The Northern Pacific Railway Is th« best,
cheapest and quickest route. Frow Lewlaton
and SUtea. Idaho. ther» are good wagon road*
to either ¦Warren* or Dixie, from which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible
For rates, etc.. address . T. . K. STatetjp
G. A.. M7 Market St.. S. F.
P? Going to Thunder Mountain P?
There are now more than 1100 pulp and.
paper mills in the United States Thsw
use about 1.000,000,000 feet of lumber a
year. ThT^sawmills consume twenty timM
as much more. * ""^
1. An honorable discharge from the United
States service. 2. Disability Which prevents
the applicant from earning his living by labor.
3. Applicants for admission -will be , required
to stipulate. and agree to abide by all the rules
amX regulations made by. the board : of mana
gers, or by. its, order; to perform all duties re
q.nlred of them, and to obey all the lawful or
ders of; the officers of the home. Attention la
called to the fact, that by, the law; establish
ing the home the members are made subject
to the rules "and articles of war, and will be
governed thereby .'in the same manner "as If
they were in the r army of the United States.
4. ! ; A soldier or sailor must forward , with his
application for admission his discharge paper,
and when he is a pensioner, his pension certifi
cate, and 'if, he has been a member of a State
home, his discharge from that home, before his
application | will ' be j considered ; I which papers
will be retained ! at the ' branch to :• which : the
applicant is admitted, ,to be 'kept there for
him, ' and returned to ; him • when . he^.ls dis
charged. ¦ This I rule Is adopted to prevent . the
loss of ¦ such ¦ papers " and certificates, '¦ and * to
hinder,' fraudulent' practices; - and • no , applica
tion will ; be considered | unless these papers ' are
sent with It; < If the 'original discharge does not
exist, a ; copy of discharge, : certified by the
War. or Navy' Department," or by the Adjutant
General of the State, must accompany the ap
plication. Soldiers ;. or ; sailors .whose ¦ pensions
exceed $16 -: a '3 month ': are .-, not ' eligible to the
home j unless the ' reasons ¦ are peculiar, and are
explained . to the -manager , and are ; satisfactory
to ; him.; .'.Those ;" who j have ¦ been ; members ; of
State »• homes must •' have been discharged - from
SOLDIERS' HOME— A. A., City. The
following are the requirements for admls^
slon to the Soldiers' National Home,-in
cluding the one at Santa Monica,' Los An
geles County, in this State: i
. A 'French paper, "Progres Spirite," has just pub
lished a letter from Victor Hugo in which he says:
"Having no longer my earthly, pen I have been
obliged to resort to a medium in order to pen these
lines. I am taking long journeys through starry im
mensities and have but little time to give to things
of your' earth. There are no flames in' the beyond.
Above all no eternal; flames." Clearly the informa
tion given by the poet. is to be, classed among the
things, which are „ "important, if true.", 1
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruit. SOo a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap. bask
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building •
This week finest eye-glasses, gpecs, 10e
to 40c 81 4th. front barber, grocery. •
Prunes stuffed with aprlcots.Townsend's.*
INSECTS ON PLANTS— H. L. S., City.
The following is given as ' a method to
destroy green lice and, other Insects on
rose bushes and other plants without in
jury to the plants: "Take of quassia chips
314 ounces, . larkspur seed 5 drams; boil
these together in 7 pints of water till the
decoction is reduced to 5 pints. When the
liquid is cooled it is to be strained and
used,with a watering pot or bulb syringe,
as may 1 be most convenient, preferably
the latter,' as -by its use all affected parts
can be reached."
CaL glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend's?
CENTERS OF POPULATION— A. S.
R., Sacramento, Cal. The center of pop
ulation In the United States in 1850 was
twenty-three miles southeast of Parkers
burg, in the present. State of West Vir
ginia; in 1860 twenty miles south of Chll
licothe, Ohio; 1S70 forty-eight miles north
of Cincinnati; Ohio; 1880 eight miles west
by south of Cincinnati, Ohio; 1890 twenty
miles east of Columbus, Ind.; 1900 six
miles southeast of Columbus, Ind. '
; .One>pf the oddities of,, the time 'is; a ruction, in
'Arkansas over a statement that, a public official ¦has
bee'n'accuscd of being too fond of red liquor. .V.
Intensive gardening. enables skillful teachers" to
perform marvels with the small plats,; of ground at
their disposal. Trees as well as 'shrubs. and ,- small
plants are grown in the narrowest grounds, and. the
writer for the Transcript says : : ." "They "are ' .' often
grown in stocks and are dwarf, both roots and
branches having severe pruningrevery year. .Some
times .the teacher owns the! trees and" carries them
.with him \ when " appointed to a new : school;- ; Sorhe-
In the cities, of course, the gardens are small. In
some cases they. do not exceed one-tenth of an acre,
but in such cases the cities provide larger central gar
dens from which specimens of plants are distributed
to the schools arid which are frequently visited by. the
pupils. Thus in Berlin there is a central garden of
ten acres, while at Breslau there is a combined gar
den and forest of 12,000 acres for school use: <
France, which by reason of her soil and her cli
mate is the ideal land of gardens, leads the van with
more than 30,000 school gardens in operation. Semi
barbarous Russia has upward ,of 10,000 village
school gardens. Cold and bleak Sweden has more
than 5000, and hardly a rural school in that king
dom is' without one. Switzerland does nearly as well
as Sweden, and _it is estimated that throughout
Europe there "are at this time more than 100,000 such
gardens,' not counting kindergartens.
By way of contributing information on the subject
the Boston Transcript has begun the publication of
a series of articles on the school gardens of Europe
and America. It appears that such gardens were es
tablished in Europe fully a hundred years ago, but
were originally directed and maintained by the own
ers of large estates, who wished to teach their ten
ants how to make the highest profit out of their
small bits of ground. When the benefits of the sys
tem were proven the Governments took up the work,
and now in every European country except Great
Britain there are extensive systems of school gar
dens, not only in the rural districts, but in the cities
as well.
WITH the coming of spring our Eastern
fellow countrymen, released from the bond
age of a hard winter, are taking a keen de
light in every form of plant that can be made. to bud
and blossom in their cities. As a part of that delight
they are interesting themselves in the establishment
of school gardens. It seems altogether probable
that as a result of the enthusiasm ton the subject
every progressive city in the East will, in a com
paratively short time have well managed gardens
of that kind. '' .. _ \ ¦
EUROPEAN SCHOOL GARDENS.
After many futile efforts to devise a
method of classifying warships by nu
merical figures or value an approach to
success has been made. The strong point
In favor of the system proposed is that
the values assigned to a considerable
number of vessels under the rule laid
down correspond almost exactly with the
values given, by the foremost naval ex
perts. The new method is difficult of non
technical explanation, but some of the
results established by It are easily under
stood. The highest figure of merit is that
of the New Jersey class, with a figure of
116. Next come the British King Edward
and the Italian Benedetto Brin with. 104
the French Republlque with 94 and the
Russian Prince Potemklne with 98. The
second-class battleships of all powers cut
a very poor figure and stand, as a rule,
below the modern armored crulgers.—
Chicago News.
Ne-w Flan of Classifying Warships.
HARRY MAYNARD^Subscrlber, Mon
terey, Cal. Harry Maynard, the Loxer,
popularly known in the past as "And
some Arry," was not dead on the 2d of
April. He was in this city. This depart
ment has not been j able to find any ac
count of "a row he had with a certain
hodcartier on the public street." Possibly
FO me of the readers of this department
may be able to furnish the desire-J in
formation.
those _homes .at least six months before they
can be admitted to a branch of the National
Home, except: by a vote of the board of man
agers. Applicants are requested to conform
strictly to the above requirements.. There are
State \homes for- disabled .volunteer soldiers
provided by the States of California, Colorado.
Connecticut, . Delaware. Idaho, ' Illinois, In
diana, Iowa,' Kansas.' Massachusetts. Michigan
Minnesota. Nebraska, >' New .Hampshire. New
Jersey/New York, North Dakota. . Ohio, Ora
gon, Pennsylvania, .Rhode' Island.' South Dako
ta, Vermont 2 Washington/ Wisconsin and Wy
oming. .-:..:.,.
Must Know So Much.— Patience— Really,
half the time he doesn't know which end
he's standing on.
Patrice— Oh, nonsense! His feet cer
tainly can't seem as light as his head!—
Yonkers Statesman.
As she had taken two courses of lessons
at the cocking school, she couldn't think
for a moment what he meant.— Springfield
(Mass.) Union. Y''- •
"Thank you, kindly,'.', replied the polite
stranger, "but I didn't eat the pie you
gave me last week."
' 'Madam," said the man at the back
doer, "my name is Rhodes— Weary Waik
er Rhodes."
- "I thought you were dead," said the
housewife.
"Yes; he -lost his money raising Cain in
Europe, and then made another fortune
raising cane in Louisiana."— Baltimore
American. ' *.'¦'*
"Funny about young Spendltt, wasn't
It?" said the Observing Man.
"Was it?" asked the Man of an Inquir
ing Mind. ... f
Green— Yes. And if Bunyan were living
there would likely be a transposition. He
would call it the Pill's Grim Progress.
Advertising Progress.
Brown— In my estimation, most pills
and other remedies advertised to-day are
an Imposition. #
"They had chairs covered with old pos
tage stamps, and lace crosses cut. out of
perforated cardboard, and one woman
had a quilt with five thousand pieces in
it. Needn't tell me people like that are
overworked, unless it is from choice."
Washington Times.
"And what did you see there?"
The Hard Working Farmer— I used to
think that all farmers were overworked
until I went to the county fair.
"Now, what's the use of talking non
sense?" answered the business man. "All
the fun a trust has is taking people's
money from them. When they get all the
money, they'll simply have to give a lot
of it out again or stop the whole amuse
ment."—Washington Star.
"Suppose," said the man with the mor
bid imagination, "that the trusts make
everything so expensive that the public
can't afford to buy; what then?"
"I shall never marry!" declared Miss
Elderly. In a tone meant to be firm.
"Don't say that," answered her best
friend, Florence. ""Women older than you
have had proposals." . y
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Mr. Carnegie's latest statement is that in small
communities the library building might be made to
serve for music, drama and social entertainments as
well. He is right enough, but he should furnish
money for bigger buildings than he has been pro
viding in the past.
DEBATES— J. M. E., City. This depart
ment has on a number of occasions an
nounced that it does not furnish reasons
to be' ¦used on either side; of a debate.
The idea of a debate is that the party
who takes part in it shall furnish his
own reasons for the position he takes,
and not to advance the ideas of others.
HEN AND CHICKEN— A. S. F., Ar
mona, Kings County, Cal. A chicken is
the young of fowl,, particularly of the do
mestic hen. Hen is the female of any
kind of fowl, but particularly of the do
mestic fowl, or, as, it is sometimes called,
the barnyard fowl: One two years old
can hardly be considered a chicken.
FOREIGN COINS— J. H., City. There
are a number of brokers on the principal
streets of San Francisco who purchase
foreign coins, but this department cannot
advertise such places. Inquiries of this
character should be accompanied with
a self -addressed and stamped envelope.
NEW YORK, May '8.— The following
Californians are in New York:
From San Francisco— C. H. "Wybro, H.
Merrifleld and C. H. Zacharias, at the
Herald Square; Miss Hanon and Mrs. H.
W. Scale, at the Kensington; A. J.
Howell, at the Broadway Central; Mrs.
A. Knox, Miss Knox, G. R. Taylor and
wife and A. Frankel, at the Grand Un
ion; D. S. Ward, at the Astor; Miss Mills
and Miss J. Polhemus, at the Manhattan;
B. K. Roberts, at the Grand, and W.
"Walsh, at the Imperial.
From Los Angeles— G. W. Grimes, at
the Herald Square; C. G. Swift, at the
Grand Union, and A. Parkenberg, at the
Cadillac
From San Jose— S. Kocher, at the
Broadway Central.
Californians in New' York.
These facts suggest to hygienlsts and
Inventors the necessity of devising dust
consumers and dust preventors for facto
ries, workshops, etc. This is a fact that
legislators should bear In mind.—Phila
delphia Medical Journal.
Dust as a cause of pulmonary tubercu
losis, according to the report of the Im
perial Health Office at Berlin, Is clearly
shown in the statistics of the patients
treated at the sixty Institutions of the
empire for the cure of tuberculosis. Jn
1095 cases, or more than half of the 2161
persftns under consideration, the 'origin
of the disease was alleged to be due to
the continuous inhalation of dust involved
by their employment, a3 follows: Four
hundred and thirty-one cases from the
effect of "dust" without more exact
designation; 1S2 cases from the effect of
metal dust; 129 cases from the effect of
stone, coal or glass dust; 116 cases from
the effect of wood dust; 111 cases from
the effect of wool dust; 126 cases from the
effect of various kinds of dust.
Effects of Various Occu
pations. * .,
Instructive Statistics as to Fatal
It is a good sign that Democratic Senators leave
the Senate when Tillman speaks. Perhaps the time
is not far distant when even South Carolina Democ
racy will turn its back on. him, and then the black
guard will cease to disgrace the Senate by his pres
ence as he offends it by his insoknea-
It seems to have been the intention of Tillman in
making the speech to convey the impression that the
Republican administration is treating the Filipinos
worse than the Democrats of South Carolina have
treated the negroes. Perhaps it is natural for him
to think so. He is himself so bitter and venomous
in his hatred of the negro that he cannot believe any
white man has respect for the rights of the colored
races. As Senator Burton said in replying to him:
"A man who upon this floor can defend slavery and
government by the shotgun cannot be expected to
think very well of Senators who arc trying to' carry
good government into the Philippines. It is astound
ing that /a Senator should make an appeal for hon
cst government in one breath and in the next boast
of crimes almost unparalleled in history." ;
Tillman felt the force of the retort and at once
burst forth in his old harangue against the negro.'
Once more he told how the negro vote in South
Carolina was suppressed and is still held in suppres
sion, and once more he virtually challenged Republi
cans to provide a remedy for the wrong. . He re
peated the story of the shotgun campaign and said
the whites had carried the election by 3000 majority
and might just as well have made it 30,000. Refer
ring to the so-called "sand cure" practiced by Amer
icans upon recalcitrant Filipinos, he said it is but
a mild method and added: "When we get ready to
put a nigger's face in the sand we put his body there,
too."
Senator McComas, in reply to an attack of Til
man and Money of Mississippi upon t£e Philippine
policy of the administration, said: "We behold Sen
ators from the two States where there is less popu
lar liberty than in the. others shouting loudest for
constitutional liberty on the other side of the globe."
The statement was a fair hit. That wrong has been
done to negroes in Mississippi and South Carolina
does not of course justify wrong in the Philippines,
but it does furnish good reason' why those whp profit
by the wrong should not undertake to pose before
the American people as the special champions of jus
tice and make pretense of being the . defenders of
liberty against the assaults of better men than them
selves.
j Tillman's boast is that he is no hypocrite — that he
tells the truth. A similar boast might be made by
any blackguard who regards- courtesy as hypocrisy
and modesty as cowardice. He violates decency, and
he calls the violation a display of honesty. He vaunts
and brags of infamy as if it were an honor, and chal
lenges the Senate and the nation to silence him.
In his reply on Wednesday to Senator McComas
of Maryland Tillman became so offensive that we are
told most of the Democratic Senators left the
chamber, being unwilling to give even a tacit recog
nition to him as a representative of their party.
Nor can they.be blamed for doing so. Surely any
one with whom Tillman is associated even remotely
has occasion to be ashamed of it.
SO far from having been abashed by the em
phatic condemnation recently pronounced
upon him by' the Seriate arid ' by the well nigh
universal voice of the American people, Senator
Tillman appears to glory in liis shame. Not for a
single day has he by word or by manner shown any
contrition for the disgraceful attack made upon his
colleague, McLaurin, upon the floor of the Senate,
nor has he exhibited any respect for public senti
ment. On the contrary, he seems to find an ignoble
pleasure in continuing to offend against the rules of
the Senate and the decencies of discussion.
INHALATION i OF DUST
CAUSES LUNG DISEASE
TROUT FISHING— 777, City. There are
a number of streams in Marin County to
which a person can go early in the moriK
ing, fish for trout for a few hours, and
return to San Francisco the same day.
The agents'of the railroads in that county
will advise you where to go. ..'...
SENATOR TILLMAN'S LATEST.
Lewis E v Aubrey, connected with the
department of the State Mineralogist, is
at the. Lick' .
W. W. Corey, a railroad contractor of
Ogden, is among the arrivals at th© Lick.
Judge A. Hull of Napa is at the Lick.
Jesse D. Carr of Salinas Is at the Lick.
J. Channing, a well known mining man
of New York, is at the Palace.
Splro Uncosaveliench left this evening
for an extended tour of the East.
RENT— M. C, City. How rent shall be
paid, whether in advance or at the end of
the month, Is a/ matter of contract be
tween the landlord and the tenant. The
custom in this State is that the rent is
paid in advance. "
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.*
PERSONAL MENTION.
O-, L. RICHARDS of El Reno, Okla., has what is, perhaps, the most valu
able Indian curio in existence and one which cannot be duplicated In
• any collection > of relics of the: red men. It Is an elk teeth dress.
• Richards has just purchased this garment from Mary Roman Nose,
nee Bent, granddaughter of the famous Colonel Bent and wife of a fam
ous Cheyenne brave. It is the most cherished heirloom of the Cheyenne trib«
and has long been the envy of curio hunters in this country and abroad.
For more than a century it has been in the possession of the tribe to which
Mary Roman Nose belongs. Jn fact, it was originally owned by her great-grand
father, who counted It among his treasures. • '« '.
¦ It took Richards many months to induce her to close the bargain with him,
which left him $1600 poorer and Mary Roman Nose minus the famous dress. This
robe is ornamented with 1024 elk teeth, mostly gifts from great chiefs. Joseph,
the great Nez Perces chief:. the famous Black Kettle, Chief Red Moon, White
Shield, Stone Calf, Little Raven and a host of other red men who gained fame
for their .tribes on the warpath and in the hunt are represented in this garment.
Each one of these teeth has the chief's mark on it. When it Is remembered
that elks' teeth now bring from. $1 to $10, and that they are very scarce even at
the latter figure, and that to the Indians they represented so much wealth, the
value of this curious costume can be thoroughly appreciated.
Many- romances and a few tragedies are connected with this dress. ! Forty In
dian maidens, robed in the dress, have sworn allegiance to swarthy braves. It Is
held by the Indians that a maiden who becomes a squaw robed in it may feel
sure of holding forever the affection of the brave she weds.
The Agricultural Department estimates that up
ward of .15 per cent of allthe foodstuffs consumed in
this country are adulterated or mislabeled, and that
fully 2 per cent of the frauds are injurious to health.
Since American ingenuity has been cfever enough to
devise such frauds,. American law should be equal
to the task of preventing them.
After that statement Dr. Bigelow made another
which is of special interest to Californians: "It is
not generally known, I think, that it is possible to
import European oils into this country, ship them
across the country by rail and put them on the mar
ket at San Francisco at a lower price than that for
which the first grade of California olive oils can be
made."
Some interesting facts were gathered by Dr. Bige
low of the Bureau of Chemistry concerning the mis
branding of olive oils. In his testimony .before the
committee the doctor said: "The oils marked olive
that are brought into this country are very fre
quently adulterated with peanut and sesame oils.
They are also said to add in foreign countries sun
flower and mustard oils, but \yc have not found them.
We have found only peanut and sesame oils in our
investigations of those 'olive oils.' Here is a label
which recalls a very interesting interview I had with
a clerk in Buffalo. They had two brands of 'olive
oil/ as they were marked. One was American, they
said. The other was imported., They looked very
much alike. I asked the clerk if he could give me a
quart bottle of the imported oil. He said he could
bottle me one. I asked if his firm; bottled it them
selves. He said yes, and finally admitted 'that those
two supplies of oil were bottled from the v same bar
rel and that they were both cottonseed oil. The bot
tle he sold me was labeled 'Olive oil put up by
Freres duPeaux, Bordeaux, France.' "
Some interesting recipes are given for making
fine liquors. Thus if brandy be desired the recipe
says: "To forty gallons of colored French spirits
add two ounces of brandy oil, mix well and add one
quart of white syrup or glycerine. To imitate any
particular brand add. a small quantity of the kind to
be imitated. About three gallons to forty will an
swer the purpose." A recipe for Rhine wine says:
"Mix one pound of essence in three gallons of proof
spirits and add to tliirty-seven\gallons of rectified
cider; then dissolve a pound of '¦ tartaric acid in a
half-gallon of hot water and add to suit taste." The
country is full of the kind of brandy made by that
recipe, and it is said the wine recipe shows us how
is made "about one-half the Rhine wine that is used
in the United States."
It appears from the facts cited by the Senator that
even the cheapest foods are subject -to fraud. Dried
codfish is not a costly article, and yet a still cheaper
fish is put up like it, labeled "choice codfish" and
sold in the market as the genuine article. Some
times the frauds are ingenious. Thus the market is
full of genuine vanilla"" beans from which all the
vanilla has been extracted, and the oil of nutmegs is
extracted by a clever process, the punctures filled
with' lime solution and the nutmegs pat upon the
market again. Apple cores arid peeling are used to
make strawberry jelly because apples are cheaper
than strawberries, but the apple does not escape, for
as pumpkins are cheaper still they are used in making
apple butter.
SENATOR McCUMBER in a recent speech on
the pure food bill now before Congress pre
sented a new array of facts obtained by Gov
ernment experts showing the' extent to which food
adulterations, imitations, and misbranding are prac
ticed by unscrupulous dealers. They reveal also the
difficulty that the producers of honest foods have
in finding a market for. their products in the face
of such illegitimate competition, and as a conse
quence are matters of concern to growers and to le
gitimate manufacturers as well as to consumers, "<, %
FRAUDS IN FOODSTUFFS.
' A prize contest has been institutecTin the East to
procure a new tune for "America"., that shall be
genuinely original, popular -and have intrinsic musi
cal merit. Some one may. get. the. prize, but it is a
fairly safe prediction that no one will fill the bill of
specifications. .
Mrs. Annie Besant, who in the course
of her strenuous life, has been a very
busy •writer of books, has now left India
for England, though I hear she means to
return thither in the autumn. Mrs. Be
sant has been living more or less continu
ously at Benares for the last seven years.
She has been very gravely ill from the
fever that hangs around that most un
sanitary neighborhood, but she is now
almost completely recovered.
With regard to his novels, Benson ad
mits that the characters are very often a
reproduction of people In real life, only
the features being altered. His next novel
is to be called "A Book of Months." It
will be an autobiographical story of a
man's life for a year, told in a .series of
monthly sections. He has already writ
ten the story for three months, but it is
unlikely that the book will b© published
till the spring of next year. Meanwhlla
it Is probable that either during the sum
mer or early In the autamn Benson's first
play willbe produced by Mrs. Patrick
Campbell. Its motive Is; a version of
Browning's poem, "A Light Woman." A
woman, to save her niece from what she
considers a worthless man, steps between
them, draws the man away and falls la
love with him herself. ' V
, E. F. Benson, whose "Scarlet* and Hys
sop" has been one of the principal suc
cesses for years past, has shaken the dust
of London from his feet, forsaking: so
ciety, whose vices he has so mercilessly
attacked, and has settled at Winchester
for the summer. Benson is a very keen
athlete and at Winchester finds plenty of
opportunities for cricket and golt. Inci
dentally, he is editing with Eustace Miles
a new series of sporting handbooks which
Hurst. & Blackett are to publish, under
the general title of "The Imperial Books
of Sport." They will have the distinction
of being largely written by professionals.
The first three volumes will deal .with
training, which will be partly written by
"Benson himself; cricket, .to which Abel,
Hirst and Mead are contributing, and
golf, the chapters of which ar© being -writ
ten .by well-known professional players.
Yet In another quarter there is another
trade taken in hand by this versatile au
thor. He contributes to the "Grocers' As
sistants' Year Book" an expression of
sympathy with shop assistants. "It is no
abstract sympathy. I was In the net (my
self for two years, the most miserable
years of my life. I was behind the coun
ter in a draper's shop. Had I not been
able to believe there wa9 a way out of.
the systematized drudgery I would quite
deliberately have got out of the world
that could misuse me so."
Assuredly one of the men of t>*<-- moment
in literature la H. G. "Wells. Glancing
through some of the publishers' lists th!3
morning I see no fewer than four recent
boolcs of his mentioned. These are "An
ticipations of the Reaction of Mechanical
and Scientific Progress Upon Human
Life," "Thoughts on Certain Personal
Matters." "The Discovery of the Future"
and "The First Men In the Moon."
But .this is not to have done with Wells,
for in a publication entitled "Men's "Wear"
I find thte pronouncement of that writer
on the tailors' and outfitters' industry:
"How delightful it would be to. find a
tailor wide-minded enough to talk about
medieval and classical costume In rela
tion to the social condition in which it
was evolved."
A postponement of the measure from this- session
to the next would expose the bill to the hazard of
a. still further postponement, for the next session will
be short. - Moreover, the question might then be
come involved in the partisan conflicts of the Presi
dential election. It is of course desirable to avoid
such contingencies. The people have had experience
enough of the evil effects of making money ques
tions a part of the political issues which divide the
people. Prolonged agitations on ' such matters se
riously interfere with commerce and industry and
cause great hardships in many cases. This, then, is
the time to deal with the currency problem, and
strong pressure should be put upon Congress to have
it settled by the adoption of the Fowler bill before
adjournment
The bill has received the cordial indorsement of
the executive committee of the Indianapolis Mone
tary Convention and represents the best thought of
the ablest financial experts of the Union. It offers a
substantial improvement in our financial system, and
its benefits will- affect all classes of people.
The Fowler bill, now before the House, includes
the vital points of the maintenance of the parity of
our metallic currency by redeeming silver coin in
gold and of providing an ample credit currency by
conservative gradual steps. The provisions made in
that respect are in keeping with the pledges of the
Republican party in the Philadelphia platform, and
have met with the approval of financiers in all parts
of the country. As the bill provides for the reduc
tion of denominations of silver certificates gold can
be paid out for silver without requiring any increase
in the gold reserve provided by the law of 1900, and
until that machinery is provided.and the maintenance
of parity secured there will be always more or less
money agitatfon to disturb our financial credit.
We are enjoying such a degree of universal pros
perity at the present time. There is no mo.ney
stringency in any part of the country arid no im
mediate danger of the occurrence of one. As was
said by Secretary Gage shortly before his retire
ment: "Looked at from the point of true states
manship it would appear that the present is the most
propitious hour in all our history and as favorable as
any period we may hope for in the future to enter
upon reasonable and judicious measures to eliminate
all elements of financial weakness which experience
has brought to light and to perfect our now faulty
system 'of currency."
Each of the bills stated is in some respects- a
measure of urgency, for the conditions of com
merce and industry call for them all. There
are, however, special reasons, why the currency bill
should be acted upon at' this session. It is well
known that finance is the most sensitive fiber in the
social organism. It is that which is most easily dis
arranged, and when disordered produces the most
widespread disturbances. Any change thatjs to be
made in the currency of a country ought to be made
in times of prosperity, when industry is on a firm
basis, commerce flourishing and every condition of
the people so sound and secure that there will be
no danger of a panic or other disaster during the
period that the change is being carried out.
WHEN the present session of Congress be
gan there was ¦'every prospect, that a com
prehensive bill dealing with the currency
problems of the country would' be promptly en
acted.: Later on Chairman Fowler of the House
Committee on Banking and Currency announced
that he was sanguine the House would give imme
diate consideration to a measure to that effect re
ported favorably from his committee. Of late, how
ever, the outlook has been by no means so promis
ing. Bad management on the part of some of the
leaders of the majority has complicated the situation.
At the present time the isthmian canal bill, the mer
chant marine, bill and the currency bill are seemingly
sidetracked, and unless earnest efforts be made to
procure action upon them they may be passed over
to the next session. .
CURRENCY LEGISLATION.
EL RENO MAN SECURES
THE ELK TEETH R OBE
GOSSIP FROM
LONDON WORLD
OF LETTERS
out its garden and no garden without its competent
teacher. . •
There has been more or less school gardening in
California for some time past, but we are still far
short of what is'done in Europe by even such coun
tries as Sweden and Switzerland. This ought to be
the greatest gardening country in the woisld, exceed
ing even France,'that is now v in the lead of the na
tions. It is therefore worthy .while for us to give
more attention to this phase of public school exten
sion. Tha time ought not to bc A far distant when it
can'be saidof 'California that it has no school with-
,Of the benefits of the gardens the educational au
thorities of Europe speak in high terms. Professor
Wilsdorf of Dresden is quoted as saying: "An inti
mate knowledge and intercourse, with" nature has a
refining influence upon children; it promotes the
cultivation of fruits and vegetables, which is of great
importance to the maintenance and welfare of. the
nation; it educates, boys beyond a tendency to pilfer
fruit and flowers in orchards/ and gardens and to
maliciously injure young trees; it instills into chil
dren a fondness for rural life and it educates children
to . work." . ' ¦ '¦ . v • *
times the produce of the garden helps to maintain the
teacher." . - ¦ ' .
Tli% S^ FE^GISCO CALL, FRIDAY,, MAY 9, 1902.
O. L. RICHARDS OF OKLAHOMA HAS PURCHASED FOR $1600 THE FAM
OUS CHEYENNE DRESS OF ROMANCES AND; TRAGEDIES WHICH
IS ORNAMENTED WITH 1024 ELK TEETH. '-»
/ ! ¦
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Leather Patch."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Under the Red Robe."
Tivoli— "The Binding Girl."
Central — "Mrs. Partlngton."
Alcazar — "When the Heart Was TounK."
Columbia — "When We Were Twenty-one."
JCew Chutes — Zoo and Theater.
Recreation Park — Baseball to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Easton. Eldridge & Co. — This day. at 10:30 o'clock,
elegant Furniture, at 717 Fillmore street.
By W. H. Horn— Thursday, May 22, German Government
Horses, at 1732 Market Btreet,
TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOKS
A ear-load of Cook Boolcs-
has just arrived from Chlcaso
and they are ready for dlatri-'
bntion ot the bu«lne*« offlce
of this paper. . All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of this grout Cook Book i»t
the premium price of fifty
cents.
An additional charge of 2O
cents to pay exprexsese will
be required from oat of town
subscribers ordering. by mall.SOCIETY DEBUTANTE . WHO EN
TERTAINED FRIENDS AT PING
PONG PARTY YESTERDAY. .
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United; States District Court yesterday aa
follows! ¦ J."P. Strauch, carpenter, . Sacra
mento. ' liabilities $1764 10, assets • ¦' 5283 53;
Max ',. Morgen, ¦, watchmaker ' and ."eweler/
Sacramento, 3 liabilities ?2947 14; assets |3157.
Insolvent Sacramentans.
United States Circuit Judge: Morrow
yesterday dismissed the two suits of the
United States Consolidated Seeded Raisin
Company vs. the Co-operative Packers'
Association by agreement of both parties
the cases having been settled out of court
The issue involved was the right to a
raisin seeding patent. - • ¦ \>^
Seeded Raisin Patent Litigation.
The Ia6t of this winter's series of the
Lane lectures will be delivered this even
ing at the Cooper Medical College by Dr.
Henry Gibbons- Jr. The subject will, be"
"The Contagiousness of Diseases." Dr.
Gibbons Is a fluent talker as well as pro
found student, and . his lecture- should
prove Interesting-. -
Dr. Gibbons Will Lecture.
The Bohemians held an entertainment
and dance last night at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The hall was packed and a good
time was enjoyed by all. The following
programme was rendered: Overture
Fitzgerald's orchestra; Bohemian vocalist'
H. M. Lieb; violin solo, Herman Stettin :
vocal solo. Miss Kitty Barry; barv tone
solo. Frank Thompson; Irish specialties
Kelly and Marlowe.
— . ¦». . -,
Bohemians Give Entertainment.
The insolvency proceedings instituted in
the United States District Court by cred
itors against the Queen Company, a Ch'
nese cigar firm, was dismissed yesterday
by Judge de Haven, who sustained the re
port of the referee that the Queen Com
pany Is a copartnership and did not, while
insolvent, commit an act of bankruptcy
as alleged in the petition. . ;
Insolvency Proceeding Dismissed.
The"Vereln Eintracht school of gymnas
tics and physical culture will hold an ex
hibition-at the children's playground, Sev
enth and Harrison streets, on Saturday
May 10, at 2:30 p. m. The affair will be in
charge of Professor Stahl. The professor
will march at th head of his class, num-i
bering 150 pupils, from the hall on Twelth
street. The parade will form at 2 o'clock
and proceed to the playgrounds, where
the exercises will be held. The public is
invited to attend and witness the fetes of
the Juvenile acrobats. ' -
Verein Eintracht to Give an Interest-
ing Exhibition of Gym
nastics.
The meeting was under the direction of
Colonel and Mrs. French. The hall was
crowded and presented a very pretty ap
pearance. On the stage were the repre
sentatives of twenty-five nations in col
ored uniforms which blended with splen
did effect. There was an international pa
rade from 1139 Market street to the hall
where the following programme was ren
dered: . Grand demonstration; musical
drills, by Salvation Army Orphanage chil
dren; public enrollment of recruits; com
misfioning provincial staff brass band;
speeches by leading officers; songs by ar
my singers: music by San Francisco and
Oakland brass bands; nddress. Rev
Gc-orge Adams, D.D.; talk. Mrs. French"
closing remarks. Colonel French.
Ihe Salvation Army of San Francisco
celebrated their nineteenth anniversary of
the work on the Pacific Coast.
and Oakland Have Big Demon
stration.
Christian Workers of San Francisco
WTLL_H0LD EXERCISES
AT PUBLIC PLAYGROUNDS
SALVATION ARMY HOLDS
ANNIVERSARY MEETING
The success of the affair was due to the
efforts of Floor. Manager N. Marisch 1 as
sistant, K. Borman; reception committee
— F. Scott, H. H. Becker and George
Morehouse.
The entertainment was furnshed by the
Columbia Mlns£rels, who were especially
engaged for {he occasion. The pro
gramme was in two parts. The first part
was a minstrel show. G. K. Cheney was
interlocutor, C. M. Freed and S. Spiro
handled the bones and A. - Fletcher and
Louis Colton were tambos. M. Stokes
rendered a vocal solo; A. Fletcher did a
buck and wing dance; C. F, Freed sang,
as did also Mr. Cheney; W. W. Brackert
and G. Le Mar did a turn; Baby Keefe
rendered a whistling solo; G. Le Mar sang,
and solos were rendered by F. A. Grif
fing, W. W. Brackett and J. Fisher. At
the close of the entertainment there was
dancing until midnight.
An entertainment and dance was given
by the San. Francisco Commercial Trav
elers* Association in Union-square Hall
last evening. The attendance was very
large and a pleasant evening was had by
the invited guests.
Organization in Union Square
Hall.
Highly Successful Affair by Local
COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS V:«^
GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
The Theosophical Society also honored
the memory of its founder, Blavatsky at
the Pacific Coast headquarters. Odd Fel
lows' Hall, last night. When Mme. Bla
vatsky died. May 8, 1891. she requested
that memorial services be held on that
date and portions of the books "Light of
Asia and "Bhagavad Gita" were read
Among those who spoke were: Mrs. K.
B. Davis, Thomas Prime and Dr. Jerome
A. Anderson.
San Francisco Lodge of the Universal
Brotherhood Theosophlcal Society held a
public meeting at 310 O'Farrell street last
evening. The event was the celebration
of "White Lotus Day," in commemoration
of the life and work of H. P. Blavatsky,
who founded the Theosophical Society in
New York in 1875. Music and readings
from the sacred scriptures formed part of
the programme. Dr. Allen Griffiths deliv
ered an address on the character and
work of the theosophical leaders of the
nineteenth century. In part he said:
"The whole world owes Blavatsky a
debt of gratitude as one of Its redeemers.
While the few may be tardy in acknowl
edgment of her as one of humanity's
helpers the masses have already begun to
recognize her as such. The souls of men
are awakening to the Inspiring conscious
ness that they are divine; that the only
thing to fear is wrongdoing; that what
men call 'evil" Is the result of their own
Ignorance and selfishness in the present
or in past lives, and that each man as
a divine soul is the supreme arbitrator of
his own destiny and has the opportunity
to make that destiny godlike by thought
and deeds of unselfish service for his
brother souls."
Gather in to Honor the
Name of Their Society's
Founder.
United Railroads Directors Meet ar.d
Decide That Local Men Must
Retain Positions.
The directors of the United Railroads
met yesterday in the Wells-Fargo build
ing to appoint a successor to E. P. Vln
ing. Many of the local men were dis
cussed, including H. H. Lynch and Su
perintendent M. B. Stein. After a Ions
session it was decided that the present
officials were doing splendid work in their
present duties and it was thought inad
visable to remove any of -them. It was
settled that the successor of Manager
Vininir will be brought from the East.
"Will Examine Pupils' Teeth.
Frank L. Platt, chairman of a Joint
committee of the State Dental Associa
tion and the San Francisco Dental Asso
ciation has asked the co-operation of the
Board of Education in a proposed move
ment to examine the teeth of the pupils
in public schools for the purpose of se
curing data regarding the prevalance of
dental diseases. It Is Intended to base
thereon a course of instruction as to the
care and preservation of the teeth.
WANT PAT FOR PLAN'S.— A. Albert
Schioepfer and J. Francis Dunn, architects,
are suing James Madison for $725 alleged to be
due them far plans for & building built by the
defendant.
Infant's Body Found.
The body , of a male Infant wrapped In
cloth was found last evening in a yard
at 620 Folsom street.- It was turned over
to ¦ Coroner Leland, who will investigate
the case. The child had died a few hours
after birth and had been cast away.
vujtng's successor
to come from east
Every class of the community will re
ceive some special attention at the picnic.
There is to be the usual free candy dis
tribution for the babies. To the ten la
dies who come nearest to guessing the
number of coffee beans in a big jar there
OROCERS' day has been an event
in the annals of pleasure-seek
ers ever since 1S71, when the Re
tail Grocers' Association first in
stituted these outings.
This year there is to be a picnic at
Schuetzen Park on Wednesday, May 14.
The grocers are making great prepara
tions, and there Is every Indication that
the affair will be one of the most notable
in the history of the organization.
THEOSOPHISTS HOlD DEAR
MEMOBY OF BLAVATSKU
One of the odd prizes offered this year
is a marriage license, donated by County-
Clerk Mahony. This will be given for
some special event devised by Floor Man
ager Thomas "H. Corcoran.
President Eugene McCoy, Vice Presi
dent H. G. Lackmann, Directors John M.
Sullivan, H.. Rawe, H. Eliners, John El
liott, John Crowe and the heads of the
various committees have been working
many hours a day for the last month on
picnic matters. They express themselves
satisfied with results and, are waiting for
a great good time.
From every wholesaler and manufac
turer in the city has come contributions
for the gate prizes. They include all sorts
of things, from $60 in cash, which the as
sociation puts up, to kegs of pickles and
cases of whisky. ?¦*» (
will be given prizes, the chief of jwhlch
is a beautiful silver coffee set. There will
be running races for boys and. girls and
several out-of-the-ordinary events, in
cluding a drinking contest for the city
salesmen, the beverage to be milk.
The officers of the Presidio gave a small
Major and Mrs. Hobbs and Miss Hobbs
gave a delightful tea yesterday afternoon
at the Presidio.
Miss Mae Colburn gave a small Informal
tea yesterday at her home. The drawing
rooms were decorated simply and In ex
cellent taste. A number of her friends
were delightfully entertained during the
afternoon. » .
Miss Eleanor Davenport gave an enjoy
able ping-pong party yesterday afternoon
at her residence, 2519 Broadway, compli
mentary to Mrs. Frank Richardson Wells.
The guests included: Miss Hush,' Mrs.
Thomas Bishop, Miss Ardella Mills, Miss
Charlotte Ellinwood,- Miss Bernie Drown,
Miss Margaret Salisbury and Miss Sophia
Pierce.
Mrs. Charles W. White, 3486
Seventeenth street. The house was deco
rated for the occasion, in a striking man
ner, cut flowers and potted plants being
.used in profusion.
' Miss White, who was assisted lrt receiv
ing by- Mrs. "F. L.. Ruddock, was charming
in a gown of yellow crepe de chine, with
pearl ornaments.
j The following named were present:
Miss Margie Quinn, Miss Lola Mahon, Miss
Edith Davis. . Miss Bertha Greenleaf . Miss Lot
tie de Haro, Mis Belle de Haro, .- Miss ¦ Annie
Conway, Miss Lilian Mahon, Mrs. Taylor, Miss
Maude Barriman, Miss Rose Harrison, George
James, T. L. Ruddock, Mr. Mackonlgal, Mr.
Bonter, L. Short, M. Munson, Mr. Bennerman,
Mr. Cordes, Mr. Hogan, Dr. Olderson, Dr.- S.
Gardner, Dr. Jones and Dr. G." Gantler.
The Hotel Mateo will serve an "al
fresco" luncheon Saturday to the peo
ple attending the sale of the Clark Tract.
On the evening of the same day there will
be a promenade concert at the hotel. The
grounds will be illuminated with 4000 elec
tric lamps. The promenade will be a
smart affair. A number of people will
go over from Burlingame and add more
stunning' gowns to the pleasing array al
ready at the Hotel Mateo. . .
<r|- ISi CARMELITA WHITE, was
j\\/\| the hostess at a ping pong
H \v \\ party given last evening at the
JLy j\ home of her parents-, Mr. and
OFFICERS OF RETAIL GROCERS'
ASSOCIATION, WHICH HOLDS
ITS PICNIC NEXT WEDNESDAY.
The assembly and german of the Win
ter Cotillon Club, to be held on Friday
evening of this week at Cotillon Hall,
promises to be one of the most largely
attended and most successful affairs this
club has ever given. It is the hope of
the committee managing the club that
this assembly will be more or less of a
reunion, and it has, together with . the
club's members, Issued a number of In
vitations to the friends of the. club who
have been unable to join this season.
Mrs. Robert Dyas Jackson of the Van
Nuys, 1001 Bush street, gave a small lun
cheon on Wednesday, in honor of Miss
Edythe Stadtfeld, who leaves on Sunday
for Sacramento on' a visit to friends.
Part II-^(a) "Tannhauser" (Wagner) — Pil-S
grlnVs chorus, -transcription by Liszt, (b)
"Ameer" selections (Herbert), Percival K. Van
Yorx at the Angelus; reading, "The Bull
fight" (Cora Chase), Misa Pearl King; so
prano solo, aria from "Semiramide"
(Rossini), Miss Helen Colburn Heath; quartet,
"Ye Spotted Snakes" iMacfarren), from "Mid
summer Night's Dream"; songs and stories,
Lloyd Spencer.
'.' Part I— Quartet, "Boating" (Geibel), Misses
Heath, Craig. Burns and Feldheim; vocal solo,
(a) "Tatters" (Gerald Lane), (b) "Springtide"
(Becker), Miss MabelvV. Gross: duet. Tuscan
Folksongs. Miss Heath and Miss Feldheim;
contralto solo, (a) "A May Morning" (Denza),
(b) "There, Little Girl, Don't Cry"- (Norrls),
Miss Feldheim; readings, (a) "The Professor's
Innovation" (Durrell), (b) "'Llaa" (Dunbar),
Miss Jean Durrell. i •.
A large and appreciative audience gath
ered in Steinway Hall last evening to lis
ten to the miscellaneous recital given un
der the auspices of Loving Service Circle
King's Daughters. The entertainment
was given for the purpose of raising a
fund for the maintenance of a free bed
for needy women and children in the Ho
meopathic Sanatorium. The programme
was an excellent ¦ one, , and the various
numbers were enthusiastically received
and encores and flowers were generously
given. . . Following . is . the j complete . pro
gramme rendered:
Miss Mary Barker, Miss Elsie Bennett, Miss
Grace Baldwin, Miss Pauline Fore, Mrs. Har
den L. Crawford, Miss Susan de Fremery, Mrs.
John Grissim, Miss Jean Howard, Miss lone
Fore, Miss Laura Crellin, Mrs.. J. C. Hampton,
Miss Ruth Knowles, Miss Mona Crellin, Miss
Ella Sterrett, Mrs. William Watt, Mrs. Robert
Lee Stephenson, Miss Berenice Landers, Mrs.
Clare Tucker Williams, Miss Blanche Sharon,
Miss Hess Pringle, - Miss Bessie Palmer, Miss
Alice Knowles, Miss Florence Yates, Miss
Anita Lohse, Mrs. Montell Taylor, Miss Chris
sie Taft, Miss Marion Goodfellow, Miss Mar
garet Sinclair, Miss Marietta Havens, Miss
Florence Hush and Miss Gertrude Gould. ¦
Mrs. Beach Soule was hostess at a
pleasant card party on Tuesday after
noon in honor of Mrs. Frank Richardson
Wells. Those present were: *
Informal dance last evening at the Pre
sidio Club.- The affair was somewhat
smaller than usual; but none the less en
joyable. A number of the season's debu
tantes were among the guests from the
city- and were shown, every attention.
! Rose Jones. Charlotte Murphy, Mary .Kesa
ing, Elizabeth Loup, Caroline Sutter, Annie
Murphy. Elizabeth McDevltt, Alice Garrett,
Mary Burke, Edna Grief, Louise Bazzlna, El
vira Leary, Grace Lacombe, Ann GUI, Edna
Garrett, Grace O'Malley, Loretta Steers. Rose
Gaestel, Emma Fields. Alice Eveleth, Lucy
Nelson, Mary Begley, Madeline Norton, Marga
ret Vasquez. Jessie R Kelly, Gertrude O'Mal
ley. Grace Winthrope, Ethel Dolheguy, Hannah
Clifford, Dorothy Pollock. Mary Ryan, Marie
Santos, Ethel Davis, Ann Kerr, Ethel Adams,
Viola Heffernan, Mary McCormack, Teresa
Wallace, Alma Hynes, Viola Pryol, Emilia
Ezeta, Elizabeth Humphreys, Nellie Gomez,
Mary Nellman and Bertha Callaghan.
'Ahe girl communicants were:
THE COMMUNICANTS.
The boys who received the communion
were:
Edward Desmond. David Ragglo. Louis Sul
livan. George Daly, "William Lowrle. Pllnlo
Rlccadonna. Joseph Herger, George Hall, Hen
ry Duddy. Loui3 Lagorta, John Dorethy, Qeorge
Shade, Francis Nelson, Romeo Rocco. Ed
mund Remy, Louis Ryan, Francis Herbert. Jo
seph "Willlg, Thomas Rooney. George Ryan,
James Baldwin. Francis Murphy, John Boyle,
Leo Bogan, Lawrence Run*. Baymond Remy,
George Callaghan. Charles Cook, William Daly,
Charles Gallon, Raymond Burke.
The altar was ablaze with lighted can
delabra, which stood in a mass of beauti
ful callus and date palms. ,
The music was rendered by the young
ladies' choir, of which Miss Maria Ryan
is organist and Miss Annie Lacey direc
tor. - -. : '
Father Caraher, not one whit fatigued
from the earlier devotional services, in
vested each one of the youthful communi
cants with a brown scapular of Our Lady
of Mount Carmel and a communion card
as a souvenir. The children then joined
in sweet hymns and the services were
concluded with prayer by the pastor.
The afternoon services were as Inter
esting and devout as those of the morn
ing. ., .
INVESTS WITHSCAPUIiAR.
Throughout the day people from all di
rections came to St. Francis, for the cere
mony extended far into the evening.
Lastly, shun bad company; avoid the com
panionship of corrupt boys and girls. One
corrupt and vicious boy or girl is sufficient to
ruin hundreds. Just as one drop of ink let
fall into a glass of clear, pure water will black
en the whole glassful, so one vicious youth
can blacken and taint the virtue of hundreds
cf boys and girls.
Secondly, avoid the reading of dangerous
publications which appear in the form of dime
novels and certain pictorial newspapers. As
ycu would destroy the eggs of serpents because
they bring forth young serpents that would
sting you to death, so you should destroy bad
books because they beget sins that kill the
soul. Bad publications are the most effectual
means In the hands of Satan for the ruin of
souls.
On this beautiful May morning of your first
communion you should resolve first, to receive
the holy eucharist frequently, for "unless you
eai of the flesh of the Son of man and drink
of his blood you shall not have life In you."
PASTOR ADVISES YOUTH.
My D*>ar Children: You have Just now re
ceived your first holy communion, or In other
words you have received the holy eucharlst.
which contains the body and blood, soul and
divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ under the
appearance of bread and wine. Therefore your
Joy and happiness should be exceedingly great
today. Did a King or a Queen or the Presi
dent of the United States pay you a visit In
your homes you would feel highly honored,,
bur how highly honored should you feel this
morning, for . your souls have been visited by
your Redeemer, who is the King of kings, the
Lord of lords and the Creator of the heavens
and the earth.
The girls, attired in white dresses and
white satin slippers and long white flow
ing veils, presented an ideal picture as
they proceeded up the center aisle and
knelt at the communion rail. ".
The boys were dressed in black, each
with a white satin bow hanging grace
fully from the right arm.
Father Caraher gave them the holy
communion and delivered an address to
the children, saying in part: :*
The mass at which the children received
their first "communion was celebrated at
8 o'clock, the pastor, the Rev. Father
Caraher, being celebrant.
At St. , Francis', Church, Montgomery
avenue and Vallejo street, a large class
of boys and girls received their first com
munion yesterday. The children, num
bering about eighty,- have been receiving
instructions for month* past from the
Rev. Fatherl Terence Caraher, Fathers
McGough and McMahon, Sisters /of the
Holy Family and' Sisters of the Presenta
tion Order.
Warns His Hearers Against
Vicious Books and
Papers.
Rev.-irather Caraher Per-,
' forms the Sacred ' , .
Ceremony. ¦ \
CHILDREN TAKE
THE COMMUNION
"GROCERS' DAY" PLANS
PROMISE MUCH SPORT
Hundreds of Prizes Are. Listed, Varying From a Marriage
License to Fifty Golden Dollars, and Games Are Arranged
for Entertainment of Visitors of A 1 Ages and Occupations
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY^ 9, 1902:
Pleasant Evenings^ Spent at Miniature Tennis— Teas and
Dance at "the. Presidio Help Fill the; Round of Society
Enlertainm'en'— King's Daughters Give a Benefit Recital
PING-PONG PARTIES FORM
LATE SOCIAL DIVERSION
7
AimSTnVTENTS.'
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
America's Greatest Author-Actor.
EDWARD HARR1GAN
In Mr. Harr iron's Famous Play,
Tfl£ LEATHER PATCH.
A Whirlwind of Fun and an Avalanche ot
Laughter.
Hear Dave Braham's Sonus: "Denny Grady'«
Hack," "It Showered Asain." "Baxter Ave-
nue" and "Put on Your Bridal Veil."
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c, 50c, 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 25c.
Next Week— "REILLY AND THE 400."
; OCEAN TRAVEL. ;/^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
'&* . Steamers leave Broadway
raJWkii- Wharf. San Francisco:
ttgiSsSS. For Ketchikan. Juneau.
Jw54?o£jwe?w Skarway, etc.. Alaska — 11 a.
' ti\feiSlv2tl m - 1Ia y * l - lt5 - 21 - 2C - 31 »
£^5w4 Til Jun0 5 - Change to cora-
' fiJ3EK!i<!3w»l pany'a steamers at Seattle.
i jt^* i '^K^Ka\ For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle. Ta- .
™* coma, Everett. Whatcom—
11 a. m.. May 11, 16. 21. 26, 31. June 5. Changs
at Seattle to this Company's steamers for Alas-
ka and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma to N.
P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
May 12, 17, 22. 27, June 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Cast
San Pedro). Sacta Barbara. Santa. Cruz. Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, San Luis Obispo
(via Port Harford). Ventura, Hueneme and
•Newport ('Bonita only).
Coos Bay, 0 a. m.. May 14. 22.1*0. June T.
Bonita, 0 a. m., May 10. IS. 26, "June 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San -Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata La Paz Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates;
TJCVT^T * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
10 Market at.. San Franelsco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
FOR — -r
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR JTJNS! 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
Anl fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. Th*
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular mps to Nome last year.
landing all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For prussenprer rates and Noni*
folder, apply Ticket Office. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. #?. & N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or., W-
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
LOWEST IIATSS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Satis May 3, 13. 23. June 3
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails May 8. 13. 23
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen.Agt.. 1 Mong*y. S. F.
%J. S. m/*IL, ROUTE.
'; WPii*^ SAILINGS. "
\\ _ BRTHEM COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch its flrst-clasa steamers, carrying
United States mails.frfor
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
From San Francisco
S. S. DORA TUESDAY. May 20
S. S. ST. PAUL June 3
S. S. PORTLAND July 1
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO ." June 3
S. S. INDIANA Juno 7
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saldle.
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golcvin and St. Michael, and connecting at St."
Michael with the company's river steamers for
Dawson. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
645 Market St.. San Francisco. '
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION COi,
Puget Sound Agent. Seattle. Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at l'p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day ot
sailing.
SS. NIPPON MARTJ Friday. May 9th. 1903
ES. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, Juno 4th. 1903
ES. HONGKONG MARU
«..:. Saturday. June 28th, 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
121 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA. . May 14fCOLOMBIA ...Jun«21
PALENA May3l|TUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and pasenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents. .
oceafflcs.s.co.ss
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday, May 10. 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs., May 22, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti.......
Sunday. June 9, 10 a. m.
J. D. SPBECKIIS k BEOS. CO., Gsieral Agtl, 329 Martot
Gsn'l Pass. (Me;. 643 Marat si. Pier U 7. Paclflc si
PANAMA R.R. ST S
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Leelanaw... Sails Tuesday, May 13
S. S.
S. S
From Howard-street Wharf, Pier 10. at 2 p. m.
Freight" and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Paclflc Coaat Agent.
COMPAGNIE 6£XEBALE TRJUTSATLAOTIQITB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of J&vfjfo
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. "*¦»
North- River, foot of Morton street.
First class te Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building), N«w
York. J. F. FUGAZI & . CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 -Montgomery avenue, San Francisco*
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
AMEHICAff LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. Paul.May 14, 10 am'Phila... .May 23. 10 am
St.Louis.May 21. 10 am St. Paul. June 4, 10 am
RED STARLISE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Southwrk-May 14. noonl Kenstnstn. MayiS. noon
Vaderland.May21. noon! Zeeland. . -June 4, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOTt.O.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y at:
\A/. X. HESS,
'. KOTAKT PUBLIC A5D ATTOaSEY-AI-LAW. .
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bid*.
Telephone Main 033.
Residence, 821 ' California st.. - below Powell.
- Residence Telephone. James 1501.
AMUSEMENTS.
At T tCKSOt Cfflf UJUt '
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI8 WEEK.
MA TINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
-The Funniest of All Comedies,
MRS. PARTINGTON.
' The Richest Play of Its Kind.
GREAT SPECIALTIES, ETC.
PROF. BOTHWELL BROWNE'S JUVENILE
,, • RAGTIME FLORODOR A SEXTET
' 'All' This Week— The Talk Of the City.
PDirKC Eveninys.-..10c, Me. 25c. 33c. 50c
rnltEO Matinees 10c. lBc. 23c
' Next Week— "THE WORLD." -
w eat r .CmT
Bel^sco & Thall, Managers.
LAST 3 NIGHTS.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
. THE BIG SCENIC PRODUCTION.
«Tf T -jj j -a ' An American I
TV ntjll illC American
If X1V11 B>UV People. I
Heart Was Young.
PRICES— Evenings, 15c 25c, 35c. 50c and
75c. Matinees — lac, 25c, 35c and 50c, all re-
served.
Monday Night — The Farce Comedy,
. . LOST 24 HOURS. • ..-'•"-
ELITE VAUDEVILLE!
Miss Julia Heinrich; Raymond and
' Caverly; Hilda Thomas and Com-
pany; The Florenz Troupe; last
times of Milton and Dollie Nobles;
The Brothers Hoste; the Five
Nosses; Louise Dresser and the
¦ "Wilton Brothers.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box
Seats and Opera Chairs, 60c.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP'.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP I
"DO YOU FOLLOW ME?"
Alice Neilsen's Greatest Success,
SBNGBNG GIRL
Never Before ia This City at These
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and 75c.
Telephone — Bush 9. 5
DELIGHTING IMMENSE AUDIENCES.
SOUVENIR MATINEE TO-MORROW.
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
25c and 50c.
MR. JAMES NEILL and CO.
Presenting on a Gran-i Scale,
UNDER THE
JIED^ROBE.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING..
Bronson Howard's Powerful Comedy Drama,
ARISTOCRACY.
\ •¦&¦<. SEATS NOW SELLING.
j Powell st.. near Market.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
MR. N. C. MISS MAXINE
GOODWIN LlLIOTT
To-NlKht and Saturday Night, .
WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE
Matinee Saturday — "An American Citizen.".
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
JOHN DREW,
In "THE SECOND IN COMMAND."
By Robert Mirihtll, anther of "A Roytl family."
i SEATS NOW READY. •
pDffpC Evenings.. $2. $150. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c
IK IVLO Matinees $150. $1 75c. 60c. 25e
SPECIAL— Matinees Next Week, Wednesday
and Saturday.
s
iFISCHER'STHEATEt
O'Farrell. bet. Stockton and Powell sta.
Telephone Main 231.
IN GENESIS, I VERSE 22,
CHAPTER 2, | IT READS:
"BEHOLD, THE MAN IS BECOME AS ONE
Qh Lb, -
. So Have All the Good People in
"FIDDLE DEE OEE"
They have become favorites with, every
theater eoer in the city. They are now one of
us and they can be seen nightly and at the
Sat. and Sun. matinees in the funniest of all
burlesques and at popular prices that please.
Night for 25c and 50c. and 25c for any seat
at the matinees.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street and Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
) EVENING.
JACK NORWORTH. THE CLIPPER QUAR-
. TET, GORMAN AND KEPPLER, FETCH-
ING BROTHERS. FRED STUBER, GRANT
AND GRANT AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES. .
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
COL. EDWARD BBAUPRB,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
ADMISSION, 10c; CHILDREN. 5c
Phone for ¦ Seats — Park 23.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner Sacramento and Webster Sts.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING. May Oth
DR. HENRY GIBBONS JB,,
••THE CONTAGIOUSNESS OF DISEASE."
'ADMISSION FREE. • vv.
BASEBALL,
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND • SATURDAY
3:15 P.M. ; *•
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
V OAKLAND TS. LOS ANGELES, .
RECREATION PARK.'; ]
Eighth and Harrison sts.
Advance Sale of Scats. 5 Stockton st.
BAY MD EIVEB STEAMEBS.
fi~i7sf NAn^WrTN^MLiEm
\ Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO .
'0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. in., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. ra. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, tt p. m., except
Sunday. -Sunday, 7 a; m.. 4:15 p. m. Fare 5(1
cents. ¦¦ - Telephone * ¦ Main 1508. - . Landing and
*tH~h. y'»r -2.. iUsalon-street dock. * HATCH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
& (!' SYSTEM '™ SAVES;"
• An Oarsman, who must bail when he
should row, can not expect to win against
one who races in a leakless boat
Regal factory methods, and selling system,
, eliminate enough leaks, waste, and needless
- expense, to aggregate a satisfactory profit
It also saves,- to Wearers,- the four usual
profits between Tannery and Consumer, - v
The net result is a $6,00 shoe for $3*50.
;...; Style book tella why. •
Sold only in 45 Regal Stores from Atlantic to Pacific, and London.
"¦:.: 7^^ Also by mail. - \
¦< SAN FRANCISCO STORE.'
; ¦¦."_ ( S. W. Corner Stockton and Geary Streets. -
Pjl1o/"» Ck Desirable location, i| WWa «1 fSJaHh** HH ®^el
1 Uluvw unsurpassed cuisine, g Bh8» ¦ j WL wSol ' ' ': iHfol §1
*3f|/| ' v * ce anc * modern^ :'•; Bji-'BiW-'-'-jm *':.
UllU conveniences are the §3 m&MiWfolfflFtfflW^F ifflnffSpj
— / .. t attributes that have ¦ KMffilK^T^ -
IffOfl/l made these two ho-
2STEW ADVEBTISEMEMTS.
KILL THE DANDBUET GEBM
Or Your Hair "Will Fall Out Till You
Modern science has discovered that
dandruff Is caused by a germ that digs up
the scalp in scales as It burrows down to
the roots of the hair, -where it destroys
the hair's vitality, causing falling hair
and ultimately baldness. After Professor
Unna of Hamburg, Germany, discovered
the dandruff germ all efforts to find a
remedy failed until the great laboratory
discovery was made which resulted In
Newbro's Herpicide. It alone of all other
hair preparations kills the dandruff germ.
Without dandruff, hair grows luxuriantly.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect/^ ¦
¦Mr ,"f^fc 4|A f£>4 n kz^ ta"wL fad Ew"t
%JF FAVORITE
J& FOR WEAK WOMEN. |
&&S WONG WOO,
UT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
\ki 1. SANITARIUM.
J|^gK J64-C6 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
55^'^llv A LL JiJ.snxsEs cured
*V/»«£Wfi» r\. exclusively by Chinese
herbc, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
t>:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
tfcie signature Is on ervrj box of the gennhM
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet*
Hb* scmotij tbat cum • eold iu mam «UjtA FEW OF THE THESPIANS FROM VARIOUS PLAYHOUSES OF THIS CITY WHO TOOK .PART IN THE EN
TERTAINMENT GIVEN AT THE COLUMBIA THEATER YESTERDAY AFTERNOON FOR THE BENEFIT
OF THE ACTORS' HOME FUND OF NEW YORK.
' ¦ • '. " ¦ ' ; . ' ' ' '¦ - ¦ • ¦ \ -vV -"':¦¦
Then came the comedy trio ifrom the
Tivoli— Hartman, Cashman and Webb—
who warbled "Do You Follow Me?" from
"The Singing Girl." The Goodwin-El
liott Company presented the second act
from Esmond's comedy. ''When We Were
Twenty-One." The efforts of 'the two
stars and their assistants were highly
Miss Frances Graham sang a selection
from the "Singing Girl." The Neill com
pany produced an' act from "The Lottery
of Love," and the rollicking comedy was
greatly enjoyed. Mile. Carita followed
with some -dextrous tricks, and then
Raymond and Caverly, German jesters,
from the Oroheum, rode in on an elec
tric car, and after a quarrel ,with the
conductor and -mbtorman proceeded to
amuse the audience with parodies and
funny "gags." Their efforts were suc
cessful. Miss Louise Dresser was given
a warm reception and she rendered a
number of songs.
Cooper, in a stunning pink gown, ren
dered two popular songs. Her encore
brought forth two Dickanlnnies dressed
for a marriage ceremony, and the au
dience grew enthusiastic. Miss Cooper
sang her sweetest and the colored chil
dren added zest .to the turn.
; SALT LAKE. May 8.— Challenges for reli
gious convictions continue to '.be a feature of
the examination ; of veniremen , In • the : murder
trial of Peter Mortensen. No more Jurors were
secured ¦. to-d4y. Amonjc' those excused .for
cause . was ' Bishop - Whitney .' of '. the '. ilonncn
church. '• •' ¦ ¦ . ' • •
BAKERSFIELD, May; 8.— "William \\-
Tevis . to-day. : promised to - furnish the
Union Gun Club' with 1000 pigeons. The
club has 300 from Los Angeles, making a
total of 1300, . amply . sufficient to meet the
conditions: of 'their, big f live-bird slioot,
which ; commences here to-morrow ' morn-
Ing, at, 9 o'clock.;
Plenty, of , Pigeons for Tournament.
LONDON. May 5.— Andrew Carnecle. who
called from New. York April 30 on the steamer
St. Louis, arrived here to-day and promptly
proceeded to console Great Britain on the ship
pubsidy question by saying there was no cause
for alarm.
English Polo Players Win.
LONDON, May 8.— The American polo
players met the Hurlimjham team at the
tatter's clubgrounds to-day. The Eng
lishmen won by five goals to three.
MONTEREY,- May' 8.-Gerald N. Doug
lass Jr.," son of a prominent rancher of
the San Miguel / district,? was 'yesterday
ordered committed to Agnews Insane
Asylum by the County Lunacy; Commis
sion. The young man's mania is incen
diarism, and before . he was . placed under
restraint he , destroyed - much valuable
machinery and farming implements on
his father's and other ranches.
Incendiary Sent to Asylum.
PHILADELPHIA, May 8.— The home team
won from Baltimore in the eighth ' Inning . by
scoring three . runs ¦ on two doubles, and i two
singles. Up to , that inning ¦ Howell bad been
Diamonds. °
AMERICAN LEAGUE. >
DETROIT. May , 8.— Powell ». pitched a mag
nificent game to-day. He was hit safely but
twice and both times by Sever.' " The home
team fielded weakly. Attendance, 3000. Score:
; R. . H. E.
Detroit.... :..... 0 2 6
St. Louis ..;...;..... 5 : 12 fi 2
¦• Batteries— Sever and ' McGulre; Powell and
Sugden. ' - . ¦ - '• ¦ ¦- < -• ¦ .
Cowell Pitches Great Ball and Is Hit
Safely but Twice— On Other
ST. LOUIS SHUTS OTJT/-
DETROIT ON HOME FIELD
fThe betting on the Glbbs-Murphy fight,
to be held in Oakland to-night under the
auspices of the Acme Club, Is even money
and take your pick. There was some
question of Murphy making the required
weight. Manager Lavigne announced last
night there would be no trouble on that
score. The fight gives promise of being
one of the best ever held across the bay.
Gibbs-Murphy Fight.
CINCINNATI, May 8.— Hahn pitched superb
ball to-day, allowing but six scattered hits. A
bunch of hits in the third - netted the home
team their runs. ' Plttinger pitched- good ball.'
Attendance, 800. Score: - - ¦ ' >
' , . = . • ' . ' . R.' • H. --.E.
Cincinnati '."..'..* ;.....'.'. '....' 2 8 3
Boston 0 ' 6 ', ' i ' 4
Batteries— Hahn 'and Bergen ; Pittinger and
Moran. , Umpires— Powell and Brown.
ST. LOUIS. May 8.— St. Louis won out to
day in the ninth inning from . Philadelphia by
good' stick work..- The game ¦ was closely con
tested up to the eighth inning. Duggleby and
Yerkes, 1 the pitchers." broke about even. At-.
tendance. 900. Score: • ¦ ¦• ¦ •
. ' R. H. E.
St. Louis 2 9 0
Philadelphia .;.. .......1 9 0
Batteries — Yerkes and Nichols; Duggleby and
Jacklitsch. . Umpire-^Cantilllon. ' ; ;
PITTSBURG, May 8. — Brooklyn won in the
third inning, when two hits, two bases on balls
and two errors were made. Outside of the
fine pitching on both aides Sheckard's playing
was the feature. „ : He batted in two runs,
caught six flies and shut off a run . at . the
home plate by throwing from deep left. At
tendance, 3500. Score : •- . ¦ ¦
. ' R. H.- E.
Pittsburg ........ 1 5 ; 2
Brooklyn 4 6 1
Batteries — Phllippl and O'Connor; Kitson and
Ahearn. Umpire — O'Day. . ¦
' CHICAGO, ¦ May 8.— Chicago found Sparks
easy to-day and batted him all over the field,
every, man on the -team getting from one ; to
four hits. Attendance, 4500. Score:
. ¦ J R. H. E.
Chicago .10 19 2
New York;. .........: 4 ,8 5
Batteries — W. Williams and Kling; v Sparks
and Bowerman. ' Umpire— Emslle. \ ¦
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
It is the prevailing opinion here that
unless the operators agree to arbitration
or make some . counter proposition which
will conta'in a substantial concession. the
committee of miners will declare for a
strike. ' - -¦;.. -'
To-night a telegram was received
through a private source stating that Sen
ator Hanna had declared unequivocally
that the report that arbitration had been
refused by the operators was not true. ,
Telegrams announcing this action were
sent to the presidents of the nine big coal
collieries and several officers of the Civic
Federation. President Mitchell declined
to make public the full text of the tele
grams. • ' " . ¦.•-..-...- •
The executive committee of the anthracite
mine workers' organization have proposed that
all questions at issue between themselves and
the anthracite mine operators be submitted to
an impartial board of arbitration, such board
to be selected by the industrial . branch of the
National Civic Federation. This proposition has
been sent to the operators by wire. .The com
mittees are now awaiting replies. .
This proposal was evidently agreed upon
informally during the night, for it was
only forty-five minutes from the time the
meeting convened until .the adjournment.
President Mitchell at the close of the ses
sion gave out the following statement:
SCR ANTON/ Pa., May: 8.-To-night the
situation in the threatened miners' strike
hangs pn answers that are expected to
come , to a proposal • of ¦ arbitration em
anating from this morning's session of
the miners', convention. . : -
ALBANY, N. Y., May 8.— Judge Earl,
referee in the matter of the constitution
ality of the New York State franchise tax
law, declarers the . law • constitutional on
every point. The case is still to be- passed
upon by the appellate division of the.Su
preme Court and the Court of Appeals.
The special, franchise tax law ,was
passed in 18S9. In effect it declares that
corporation franchises are/ property and
must be taxed as such. Under the law
valuations of speclafVtranchlses are fixed
by the State Tax Commissioners. J
The amount of the assessment- involved
in these proceedings is $137,000,000. Forty
millions of this is property which under
the old regime was taxed by/ the local as
sessors. The total propertyiof this char
acter throughout the State is $266,000,000.
The amount of real estate as distin
guished from the naked franchises con
tained In this amount exceeds $100,000.
Judge Brarl • takes up four' propositions
in his review of the law: 'First, conflict
with the State constitution on home rule;
second, confliclT with the Federal consti
tution; third, on impairing/ contracts and
Incompatibility of the law 'with , other tax
statutes,. in that the value of a franchise
for use of a street cannot be separated
from other property values; fourth, "gen
eral objections to the method of determin
ing values. On all^of these pfelnts he dis
sents from the objections and finds for
the State. - - .1 ¦ ¦
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Shugart, 3b 4 1 2 0 2 0 ff
Leahy, c ." -4 0 1 0 3 0 C
McHale. 1. f 5 0 2 2 B 0 0
Nordyke. lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 O
Holly, es 5 0 1 0 1 4 0
McNichols. 2b 5 0 3 0 2 4 oi
Lawler, c. f 2 1 O 0 2 0 O
Delmas. r. t 4 1 1 1 2 0 O!
Whalen, p ! 4 1 1 0 0 3 0
Totals 37 4 11 3 27 11 ~0
•—Leahy out; hit by batted ball.
HITS AND BUNS BY INNINGS.
Sacram«nto ...'..' 0 l'O 0 000 0 0 1
Bate hits O 1 0 00 0 2 1 2 — 6
San Francisco... 00001003 0 — 4
Base hits 2 1 112 10 3 0 — 11
V r .» , SUMMARY..
Three-base hits — Leahy, 'Sheehan. Two-base
nit— Shugart. Sacrifice hits — Lawler, Eagan.
First base on errors — San Francisco 2. First
base on called balls — Off Thomas 4. off Whalen
2. Left on bases — Sacramento 8, San Francisco
11. Struck out — By Thomas 1, by Whalen 1.
Hit by pitcher — Graham. Time of game — 1:40.
Umpire — McDonald. Scorer — Rutherford.
AB. R. BE SB. PO. A. E.
Hulen, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 4 0
Doyle, r. f 4 0 0 0 1 00
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 1 0 2 1 o
Rcbsaxnen, c. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 1
Graham, c 3 10 0 4 0 0
Kagan, lb 3 0 0 0 12 1 0
Unglaub. es 4 0 2 0 1 6 1
Logarmislno, 1. f.... 4 0 3 0 1 0 0
Thomas, p 2 0 0 0 13 o
Birmingham, lb..,.. 10 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 31 1 6 0*20 15 2
Proposal"; of Arbitration
Is Made to Operators
by the Men.
Treasury.
Decision That May Add
Millions to New York's
ers Mile at Morris Park.
Old England First.
NEW- YORK, May 8.— Morris Park results:
First race, six furlongs — Chilton won. Neither
One second, Khiti third. Time, 1:15.
Second race, the Harlem, selling. Withers
mile — Dr. Riddle won. Intrusive second. Moor
third. Time, 1:41%.
Third . race, two- year-olds, five furlongs
Charles Elwood won. Heir Apparent second
Rijrhtful third. Time. 1:00.
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs.
Eclipse course — Alan won. Tioga second. Miss
Dorothy third. Time. 0:52^. V
Fifth race, the Crotona . handicap, last six
furlongs of the Withers mile — Old 'England
won. The Musketeer second. Whisky Kine
third. Time. 1:14. ' B
Sixth race, handicap, the Withers mile
Watercolor won. Surmise second.' Ethics third
Time, 1:41%. . . ii
ST. LOUIS, May 8. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, one mile, selling— Joe Doughty
won. Outburst second. Has Gift third. Time
1:42%.
Second race, half mile — J. Sidney Walker
won. Flying Girl second. Seize third. Time
0:49^. _, /- - '
Third race, seven furlongs, selling — Colonial
Girl won. Nearest second. Omelia third. Time
1:28%.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
selling — Found won, Glenwood second. All
Saints third. Time. l:45'/i.
Fifth race, five furlongs — A. D. Gibson won,
Ogle second, Gallantrie third. Time, 1:01^4.
Sixth race, one mile, selling—^Little Tim
won, Kisroe second. Brown Veil third. Time
•1:4214.
LOUISVILLE, May 8.— Churchill Downs re
sults :
First race, five and a half furlongs — Sky
Flyer won, Blnohelio second. Insolence third
Time, 1:09%.
Second race, four and a half furlongs-
Sheriff Bill won. Captain Arnold second, Lorf
na third. Time. 0:55%.
Third race, six furlongs — Ailyar won. Mas
terful second. Dissenter third. Time, 1:15%.
Fourth race. Debutante Stakes, two-year-old
fillies; value to winner, $1735; half mile — Ole
nant won, Mary Lavana second, Eva Russell
third. Time, 0:48%.
Fifth race, selling, five and a half fur
longs — Stuyves won, Imp Judicious second.
Aules third. Time, 1:08%. ' . '
Sixth rac«, six and a half . furlongs — ToaU
won. Jim Clark second. Death third. Time
1:19%.
CHICAGO, May 8.— Worth results: '
" Firtt race, four and a half furlongs Bay
Wonder won. Courage second. Pure Dale third
Time, 1:00 3-5. .
Second race, six furlongs — The " Lady won
Louisville second, Santa Teresa third. Time)
# 1 :1ft 3-5. . .
Third race, mil* and an eighth — Mar
shal* Neil won, Precurser «econd,\ Dlgby Bell
third.. Time,' 2:04%. . * "
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, j Oak
Lawn handicap — C. B. Campbell won Lacrl
mae second. Hermencia third. < Time, 1 :55 3-5
Fifth race, six furlongs — True Blue won
Moderator second, Ben Frost third. Time'
1:194-5. . , . . ...
Sixth race, one mile and -twenty yards — Lu
cien App'.eby won, Lord.Quex second,,Kenil
worth third. Time, 1:49 4-5,
Captures a Handicap Over the With-
WATEBCOLOB, WINS HIS
FIBST START OF SEASON
SACRAMENTO, May 8.— Whalen showed
ell his old-time speed to-day and held the
Senators down to six scattered hits. Five
of these were made In the last three in
nings. McHale made five grandstand
catches, three of which looked to be safe
two-baggers. Leahy won the game -by
ripping out a three-bagger along the third
base line when the bases were full. The
score: •
Are Filled— Whalen Effective.
Comes Opportunely When the Bases
Washington B • 6 1
Batteries — Winters and Warner; Patten and
Drill. • :
BOSTON, May 8.— A wild. pitch by Winters
and Boston's miserable fielding gave Washing
ton the game to-day. Neither team could do
much hitting. , Attendance, 4054. Score :
R. H.. E.
Boston . . . .' 1 5 6
CLEVELAND. May 8.— Garvln held Cleve
land down to three hits to-day and Chicago
took the game. Wright also pitched a strong
game. Attendance, 5100. Score : " ¦ ."
'¦¦-••"" R ' H 15
Cleveland: 1 .3 2
Chjcago 4, 7 1
Batteries — Wright and "Wood; Garvin and
McFarland. -J\ . . * ¦
efficient and It looked like Baltimore's game.
Attendance, 3500. ' Score: '
R. - H. E.
Baltimore" 3 6' 1
Philadelphia .6 7 4
-Batteries — Howell and. Robinson; WiHse and
Powers.
LEAHY'S THBEE-BAGGEB WINS
SALT LAKE, Utah. May 8.— A move
ment has been started among the sport
lovers of this city to organize a club and
offer a purse to Jim Jeffries and Bob
Fitzsimmons to meet here in ia twenty
round contest during the Elks* National
Convention in August. It is the intention
to offer the heavy-weights a purse of $20,
000. If successful in getting the signatures
of the men for a contest here it is planned
to have the fight take place in the oval
of the Salt Palace saucer track, the ring
to be located out in the center in the
open. The seating capacity of the amphi
theater can easily be made twenty thou
sand, and with the vast crowds . that will
be here from all over the country' to at
tend the Elks* meeting no question of the
financial success of the undertaking is
entertained.
Salt Lake Wants the Fight.
FRANCHISE TAX
LAW IS UPHELD
THE Columbia Theater has never
held a more select or apprecia
tive audience than that of yes
terday afternoon which applaud
ed the efforts of those who will
ingly gave their services to aid the Act
ors' Home, which was dedicated in New
York yesterday. By their attendance
theater-goers added $2000 to the fund that
has been raised .to advance this worthy
charity.
Four solid hours of comedy, singing,
comic opera and^ vaudeville was served
up for the entertainment of the audience.
Interspersed was a speech by. Milton No
bles, which was a classic in itself. The
entertainment went through -without a
hitch, owine to the able work -of L. E.
Woodthorpe and his assistants.
Promptly at 1:30 o'clock the curtain rose
on the third act of "The Two Escutch
eons," splendidly played by the Alcazar
Stock Company. The members of the
organization threw themselves Into their
lines and never were their efforts more
appreciated. It was a fitting introduc
tion for what followed. Miss Georgie
MINERS STRIKE
MAY BE AVERTED
The committee having the affair in
hand worked energetically and Its efforts
were crowned with success. Milton No
bles and Ralph Pincus did excellent works
Selby Oppenheimer gathered the volun
teers together and sent them on their way
rejoicing in rubber-tired carriages; the
men behind the scenes worked like beav
ers setting the stage for acts of every
kind, and the musicians played with un
usual interest in their work. 1 As a re
sult of their services a large sum will
be sent to Al Hayman, president of the
Actors' "Home Fund. . •
appreciated. At the end of the act they
were accorded five curtain calls. Arthur
Cunningham, of the Tivoli, next sang.
He rendered a number of good songs.
Edward Harrigan and company came
from the Grand Opera-house to play a
scene from "Old Lavender." Mr. Harri
pan rendered two songs that were well
received. The Florpdora sextet of chil
dren, from the Central Theater, was put
on too late in the programme, but the
little ones scored their usual hit. The
Hoste eccentric acrobats, f 1 om
the Orpheum, completed one of the best
benefit programmes ever : given in this
city.
Los Angeles is well represented in San
Francisco at this time if there are to be
any negotiations to-morrow. Manager
Morley of the ball club and Al Levy and
L. J. Christopher, all of whom are in the
Century Athletic Club, are in the northern
city.
Among the local talent who follow the
movements of the men in the squared
circle, the latest ultimatum of Fitzsim
mons is something of a puzzle and is in
terpreted to mean that he may. be looking
for a hole to crawl through. About the mid
dle of 'April Fitzsimmons sent a telegram
offering to meet Jeffries at-any lime or
place in California that Jeffrie^might
name. He no sooner gets in this State
than he becomes dictatorial again, for
getting that it is not his right to have all
the say In the matter. There is a general
impression that Jim Kennedy may have
been advising Fitzsimmons since the Cor-'
nishman's arrival in San Francisco . and
have put the idea, into Fitzsimmons' head
that there is nothing to be looked for in
this city. ,
There is an added proviso to this state
ment that the 'proposition of the San
Francisco club which handles the contest
shall be such as the participants shall se
cure as much net as the Los Angeles
proposition will give them. The Los An
geles proposal is a flat offer of $25,000 guar
anteed, with an alternative of 80 per cent
of the gross receipts.
LOS ANGELES, May S.— "Just say that
I will meet Fitzsimmons in San Fran
cisco," was all Jim Jeffries would say to
night when he was informed that the
Cornishman would limit his activities to
San Francisco.
Sest in Sight.
Thinks Los Angeles Club Offer the
JEFFRIES HEADY TO FIGHT.
SUMMARY:
Two-base hits — Toman,/ Householder (3),
Reilljr. Schmidt, Gorton/ Sacrifice hits —
Francks. Keilly, Hodson. First base on er
rors — Oakland 4, Los Angeles L' First base
on called bails — Off Hodson 2. Left on bases —
Oakland 7. Los Angreies 5. Struck out — By
Hodson 1, by McPartlin 2. Time of game —
1 hour 55 minutes. Umpire— O'Connell.
Base hits .... 3 14 0 5 2 0 0 0 — 15
Oakland 0 1 0 0 3 2 0 J) 0 — C
Base hits 1 0 O 1 3 3 1 0 0 — 3
Los Angeles ...105021000—0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ra 4 1 1 0 2 43
Harnivan. 1. f 5 1 1 0 1 0 0
Raymer. 2b 5 4 3 1 3 2 1
Householder, c f . ... 5 2 40 1 0 0
BcIUy. 3b 4 1 1 0 1 •! 1
Ttoech, c 4 0 2.0 6 1 0
"Waddell, r. f 4 O 2 0 3 0 0
Har.lon. lb 3-010810
llcP&rtlin, p 4 0 0 0 2 2 U
Totals S8 9 15 1 27 12 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
"TT&ltere, c. f 5 12 0 4 0 0
Mohler. 2b 5 0 1 1.5 2 0
Etreib. lb 5 110 8 0 0
Lohnma.n. c 5 1 2 0 3 3 0
Devereaux, 3b 4 0 1 0 0 0 1
Francks. b. e... 3 10 0 5 3 0
Schmidt, 1. t...: 4 1 1 0 2 1 0
Gorton, r. f 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Hodson, p 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 33 6 9 1 27 10 1
OAKLAND.
Hannivan accepted an almost impossi
ble chance of Walters' foul drive in the
first. The ball was about to drop in short
left field when Hannivan got there with
one mitt and made one of the prettiest
catches seen on the local field this year.
Mohler played his u^ual brilliant game at
second, while Toman was there with his
usual errors. Mohler stole second wiiile
McPartlln held the ball in the first. It
was a daring play and the little fellow
made a great slide past Raymer, who
had the ball and was waiting to tag him.
The score:
The feature of the game was House
holder's" batting. Out of five .times up he
secured three two-cushion swipes and a
single. Raj'mer got three -hits and - four
runs. Old Pete Lohman was again in
great form, and only one Angel stole sec
ond on him.
It all happened in the fifth. Oakland
was getting into the game and doing
things to Slowball McPartlin. They
chased three over the route when the con
flagration occurred. Some were unkind
enough to lay the blame on Morley be
cause he thought Ewing would win out,
while others thought Waddell did the
<3amge so that he could show the multi
tude how he used to fight fires in Mis
souri. • , , ,
At all events the Rube made good in
doing fireman's stunts. He had Fitzpat
rick beat a block. He carried the water
buekets with both hands and then sig
naled to the man behind the bar to bring
forth the beer, as the water supply was
running low. The bartender refused to
comply with Rube's request, so the rest
of the bunch compromised by putting on
the hose, and the only lively incident of
the contest was spoiled.
The Angels mistook Hodson for a ping
pong server, and swatted his offerings to
the four ends of the lot. They hit safely
three times in the initial trial, and Toman
ecored. With three on the sacks in the
third. Householder drove a two-bagger to
left, and they all came in. A couple more
safe taps brought in two more, and made
the scorfe 6 to L
Morley' s men completed their run-get
ting in the fifth and sixth by bunching a
few more hits at opportune times. They
seemed to land on Hodson at will, and al
ways put the ball -vtaere the fielders could
not put their mitts near It.
The fire spoiled Oakland's chances.
They had just begun to discover what
Slowball's delivery looked like, and were
making him look like an empty beer
schooner, when the fire happened and put
the kibosh on the good work. However,
they succeeded in landing one in the first
and three in the fifth.
The last two tallies happened in Oak
land's half of the sixth, and in a rather
peculiar manner. Schmidt doubled to left
field and Gorton followed with one that
resembled Schmidt's, even to the bound
it took. Gorton soon after came in on
Walters' hit to right, which put an end to
the making of runs.
It was Morley day at Recreation Park
yesterday. His men won the game and
put out the fire. The Angels landed on
Hodson for only fifteen hits in six in
nings, and to make the game interesting
some enterprising gent set fire to the pad
ded backstop. An excited individual yelled
"Fire! 5 ' and the official scorer ran from
the grounds and tore up Eighth street.
He was brought back in a cab and play
was resumed.
Fitzsimmons was on the streets yester
day renewing old acquaintances. He has
a fresh, youthful appearance and is full
of boyish spirits. He claims he is a bet
ter fighter to-day than he was twenty
years ago. He knows the game better in
all its departments, having made a care
ful study of boxing in recent years. Te
praises the modern system of training,
which builds up a man's vitality. In for
mer times ponderous muscles were devel
oped, but at the expense of the boxer's
vitality, that intangible quality which can
neither be seen or measured, but which
plays so important a part in all contests
In which men or horses take part
It needs only a few minutes' conversa
tion with Fitzsimmons to see he is in
earnest about the matter. He claims that
had Jeffries accepted the Charleston Ex
position management's offer quickly there
would have been no opposition. Accord
ing to Fitzsimmons, the Governor of
South Carolina had told the exposition
people to go ahead and arrange the
match. When there was so much talk
about it the Governor could not withstand
the pressure and gave out the statement
that he would not permit the fight.
The opinion was freely expressed among
sporting men yesterday that, the manly
thing for Jeffries to do would be to board
the first train for this city and talk over
the match. When the men. were separated
by the width of the continent they carried
on a long-distance talking match of
which the public grew tired. If Jeffries
determines to stay in the south the pros
pects are good for a repetition of the con
troversy.
Matters seem to be ,at a serio-comic
deadlock, as Fitzsimmons refuses to con
duct any negotiations through Billy De
laney, Jeffries' manager, blaming the lat
ter for placing him- in the position before
the public of having avoided the oppor
tunity of making a match. Fitzsimmons
will not make the pilgrimage to Los An
geles, believing he has shown his earnest
ness in the matter by coming across the
continent. -
No progress was made yesterday in the
negotiations for a ftght between Jeffries
and Fitzsimmons.
Former Will Not Treat With
Billy Delaney Nor Go
to Los Angeles.
Players Do a Fire Drill and
Quench a Small-Sized
Blaze.
Fitzsimmons and v Jeff
Are No Nearer a
Match.
Nine Runs and Fifteen
Hits Are Made in Six
Innings.
HODSON IS HIT
HARD BY ANGELS
HEAVYWEIGHTS
AT A DEADLOCK
POLICE CHIEFS
DISCUSS CRIME
COURIERS NAMED
FOR RELAY RAGE
Heartily Favor an Inter
national Bureau of
Identification.
Tenth Renewal of Great
Cycle Contest Gives
Rare Promise.
Five"Evenly Balanced Teams
Will Ride Over the
Course.
Anarchy and Anarchists the
Subject of Several Inter
esting Papers.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 8.— At to-day's
session of the Association of Police Chiefs
of the United States and Canada, Presi
dent Sylvester read letters from numer
ous prominent police officials in foreign
countries and the English, Chinese and
Spanish Ministers at Washington, indors
ing the work of the association. All the
European police officials are heartily in
favor of an international bureau of-iden
tification. On motion of Chief Dietach of
Cincinnati, all the foreigners were ten
dered a vote of thanks.
At the meeting of the board of directors
of the Bureau of Identification, Colonel
Phil Deitsch of Cincinnati was re-elected
president and E. A. Evans of Chicago su
perintendent. Colonel Deitsch read his
annual report, showing the good results
secured by the use of the Bertlllon sys
tem. It was decided that the Bertlllon
clerks of the various- police departments
should meet in Washington, D. C, to
agree upon a uniform method of measur
ing criminals. Another meeting of the
board will be held to-night, when papers
will be read on professional criminals.
Chief Kiely of St. Louis read a paper on
"Can Criminals Reform?" holding that
they could be reformed.
Chief of Police Francis O'Neill of Chi
cago read a paper on "Anarchy and An
archists." He said the American an
archists were much like the Russian ni
hilists. He said there were a great num
ber of anarchists in Chicago, but they
were no longer defiant and they were abla
to make no moves which, were not known
to the police. He regarded Emma Gold
man as one of the most dangerous and
magnetic anarchists in the world and re
garded her as being responsible for Presi
dent McKinley's assassination.
Chief William Price of Vlcksburg. MI33.,
contended in his address that hardened
criminals could not be reformed.
A paper on "Anarchy and Anarchists,"
by Roderick Ross. Chief of- the Edin
burgh (Scotland) Constabulary, was read
by Secretary Carr. Ross believed in the
confinement of anarchists until they were
willing to abide by the ' law. and said
that those* who incited others to crimo
should be confined for life.
Chief of police Henry Muth of Alle
gheny, speaking on "Crime," said that
the opium habit is responsible for mor*
crime than any other vice.
Afte? listening to the reading of several
other papers the convention adjourned un
til to-morrow.
Ten years ago Sunday, William Greer
Harrison, then, as now, president of the
Olympic Athletic Club, walked out into
Market street and Grant avenue and,
marking off a line on the stone-paved
street with his walkingstlck, said: "We
will start here."
This was for the first bicycle relay race
ever held around the bay of San Fran
cisco, a distance of 100 miles. Each re
curring year this remarkable race has
been run, and from the first it has not
lost one iota of its popularity. . At no
place in the world has such an ideal
course been discovered as that over which
the race is run.
There are fiye evenly balanced teams
entered for the race on Sunday, represent
ing Bay k City Wheelmen, California Cy
cling Club, Garden City "Wheelmen, Oak
land Wheelmen and San Francisco Wheel
men. On paper the. Bay City Wheelmen
and Garden City Wheelmen have strong
teams, but the slightest accident or delay
may upset the rosiest chances. The
couriers in the order in which they will
ride on Sunday are as follows:
Bay City Wheelmen — George Wyman. Charles
Long, John Kelly, J. F. Duvol, Frank Pearne,
H. Newsom, J. P. Slmmonds Jr., E. A. Rusac,
J. Hobson and Fred West. Substitutes — H. D.
Bean and C. McLaughlin. ,-._
California Cycling Club— Ernest Warren, An
drew Carl, F. H. McLaughlin, Frank McNulty,
E. E. Bergman, L. E. Clifton. James Williams.
Will Rombach, Warren Brown and E. A.
Mitchell. Substitutes— E.'Prosek. Fred Moller
and E. Pfeiffer.
Garden City Wheelmen — Pat McDonald.
Tony Delmas, E. Barnes, Carl Marty. Carl
Limbers, Burton Downing, A. Cameron. Homer
Lowe, E. B. Wastie and Lace Downing. Sub
stitutes — N. Mahon and B. Murphy.
Oakland Wheelmen — George Farrls, C.
Dohrman, J. Haurat. E. E. Hearther, R. Wil
liamson, W. Lane, H. Bent. W. Street. A. T.
Smith and W. Lucio. Substitutes — A. P. Berg,
W. Casselman and Mel Moffltt.
San Francisco Wheelmen — George Kroetz.
Robert Varney, H. Hancock. Fred "Westcott.
George Cushman, J. Berryessa. O. Malech. An
drew Roberts. N. B. Borree and Al Knox.
Substitutes— Frank Carroll, Ed Ayres and I*
Myer. I
The race will be in charge of the follow
ing officials:
Road racing 1 and records committee, Califor
nia Associated Cyclists— M. C. ' Rambo (chair
man). L. O. Sill, C. W. Carpenter, Frank Bollo
and C. L. McEnerney. Referee. J. A. Wood
son; starter, Archie Reid; clerk of course
George Dlxon; official timer. George P. Wet
more and assistants. ?
BRITISH SHIP BOVERIC
IN NEED OF ASSISTANCE
Loses Her Propeller When Fifteen
Hundred Miles Out From.
Fremantle.
MELBOURNE. Victoria, May 8.— A life
boat containing the first officer and three
men of the British ship Boveric has ar
rived at Fremantle, Western Australia,
after having sailed 1500 miles, to report
that the Boveric lost her propeller when
1500 miles from Fremantle and was in
need of assistance.
The Boveric sailed from this port for
Natal March 21 with remounts and ninety
soldiers on board.
DES MOINES, la.". May 8.— The Republicaii
State Central Committee to-day decided to hold
the State convention July 30 at Des Moines.
MOLDEES ABE SUSTAINED
BY NATIONAL COMMITTEE
Shutting Down or the Union Pacific
Foundry Is Declared to Be a
Lockout.
OMAHA, May 8.— A telegram" was re
ceived to-day by the local head of the
Molders' Union statingr that the shutting
down of the Union Pacific Foundry here
has been declared a lockout by the execu
tive board of the national body and that
union molders all over the country will
be instructed to not work on castings
for that company. The Union Pacific
Foundry is having its castings made at
the Featherstone Foundry in Chicago and
that company is expected to be the first
affected by the order.
Molders here say the machinists and
carmen's unions in the local shops will be
called on to assist them if castings- made
by non-union men are sent to this city
Artistic Entertainment Is Given at -the Columbia Theater by Rep
resentatives; of Nearly Every Playhouse in This City— Large
and Appreciative Audience Enjoys the Big Programme
ACTORS' HOME FUND BENEFIT
PROVES A FINANCIAL SUCCESS
~ \ - ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902.
8
H P 8 fl^k fi^™, H iVl \\ ? V y^^ 'ill *i
I u"^^ ifn H H H B I) jal^caf * ¦ -JL' I B B Rv\l
I The rains are over and uf (j~§i|||p§||
I the roads will be good |
1 • ' from now on — time to l^^^^^^fe^j
§ announcement would be i V^^^^^^l!^^^^^^^^
I timely and of convenience I l^P'^^'i^M^^^^^^^f
1 We have bike pants made of i l^t^^§B:^^]l^^^^3^^a
a cheviots in checks, stripes and n |f£S ; ;£+C • *S.fi)i^^^^^$^^S
B plaids and Avorsted in pinhead 9 i^^sfea^2H^^~^^^^fejW
1 checks and Scotch plaids; cut | y<E^^ f l«^f!u^Sgt±j^^^y
B knees; you will find some- g v
a thing among the assortment to I YgSgryffi
I match your coat; all .sizes; i aW^^P Ite5§n35
I $2.00 to $3,50,1 Mini, W\ui I
Out-of-town orders filled— write us. ¥
b^\VPOP^fO : I
1 718 Market Street I
See Picturescwb America *
1 ~|"i| *• jm jm flf?VX T C illTlliiiSl I fir ffvl *
The PlclufeiqudPlaces arid the Picturesque Pfeopleof
arc p^sed by tKcTCAlIFOfiNIA.Ll>IITEDFRESNO, May 8.— Judge Church in the
Superior Court to-day granted the di
vorce asked for by Mrs. Hattle M. Clark
in her suit against Charles E. Clark. The
defendant was not represented. No ali
mony or division of the property was
asked for. It Is understood that an ami
cable arrangement for such division was
made outside of court. Clark is the well
known trotting horse owner and manager
of the string of which Toggles i3 tha
star. ;
Horseman's Wife Given Divorce.
LOS ANGELES, May 8.— The remains
of General W. S. Rosecrans were taken
from the vault at Rosedale Cemetery to
day and went on a train to the East to
night. The casket was not opened, but
was removed without ceremony to an un
dertaking parlor, where an outer box to
receive the casket was prepared. In
Washington. D. C, the burial in the Na
tional Cemetery at Arlington will be at
tended with all military honor.-
Rosecrans' Remains Taken East.
PORTLAND. Or., May 8.— The damag*
suit brought by J. G. Mack against the
Oregonian Publishing Company for $50,000
resulted in a verdict for the defendant
thl3 afternoon, the jury being out only
eight minutes. The alleged libel consist
ed in an article published by the Orego
nian charging that J. G. Mack, County
Commissioner, sold merchandise to the
county in violation of the statutes.
Paper Wins in Libel Suit.
FRESNO, May 8.— The report of School
Census Marshal Brooks shows that there
are 3415 children over the age of 5 year3
and under the age of 17 in this city. This
result indicates that there are only nine
teen more children of school age In Fres
no than there were one year ago, and the
School Directors are much disappointed
by the showing. An Inquiry will be mada
into the correctness of the figures.
School Census Disappointing.
SANTA BARBARA. May 8.— Miss Net
tie Harding, a prominent young lady of
this city, was the victim of a mysterious
and brutal assault last night. She had
gone to a neighbor's and was returning
home when she was struck on the head
by a man carrying a heavy slungshot. She
was rendered unconscious by the first
blow, but the brute continued his attack,
striking her about the shoulders and
limbs. He made no attempt at robbery
and seemed bent only on the death of hi3
victim. Miss Harding is resting easy to
day, and her ¦wounds, while serious, will
not prove fatal. There is no clew to her
assailant.
Ruffian Attacks a Young Woman.
SAN RAFAEL. May S.-In the Harvey-
Siiva case up to the present time the de
fendant has not made good 'his insinua
tion about $40,000 having been paid to
Harvey by the Fair heirs for services
rendered in the interception of evidence
for Mrs. Nettie H. Craven. *
The bank records for April, 1900, were
to-day produced in court for the purpose
of showing that four checks certified to
by the Crocker- Woolworth National Bank
of San Francisco had been given. Upon
the careful examination of these records
Attorney Meldon for the defendant was
decidedly taken back when he could find
no such entries as he insinuated at the
commencement of the case would be
there. William Ebner, paying teller for
the bank, was put on the stand to testify
as to the modus operandi of keeping
track of certified checks, especially along
about April 2ti, 1900, but hi3 answers were
evidently not what was expected by thd
defendant's counsel, and further Question
ing of the witness was dispensed with.
Attorney Meldon made a motion tor
nonsuit on the gTound of insufficiency of
evidence, but it was denied. ! An adjourn
ment was taken until 9 o'clock to-mor
row, at which time Charles Fair and Her
man Oelrichs are expected to be put on
hte stand.
Case in San Bafael Is
Denietf.
Motion for Nonsuit in Harvey-Silva
BANK BECORDS FAIL
TO SHOW THE ENTRIES
Hughes' address was -well received and
showed much and thorough study of the
subject. He was warmly applauded and
his words were then discussed briefly.
Superintendent Foshay of Los Angeles
made a short address on some observa
tions made during the attendance at the
national convention of superlntendentsTe
cently held in Chicago. Resolutions were
reported and adopted Indorsing the or
ganization of the California State Teach
ers' Federation; requesting the Legisla
ture to give the State Board of Educa
tion the power and means to provide a bet
ter series of text books; Indorsing pro
posed amendment No. 4 to the constitu
tion, advocating changes in the high
school system, and thanking everybody
who has contributed to the success of the
convention. Other resolutions • urging
changes in the school laws of the- Statu
were also adopted. At 5 o'clock the con
vention adjourned. . • '
Superintendent Hughes of Alameda then
addressed the convention on the advant
ages and disadvantages of departmental
work. He placed emphasis on the fact
that the teacher must at all times work
with the pupil, thus leading him on to
independence. /The material must be
given to the pupil in Its most interesting
form and the teacher must be an enthu
siast. Hence, specialization, which has
been long recognized as being necessary
in universities and colleges, will soon be
required in high and grammar schools.
The constant changing of teachers i3
wrong and leaves a scattered impression
on the pupil's mind at the end of the
course
FRESNO, May S.— The morning session
of the school superintendents was called
to order by Chairman Kirk at 9:30 o'clock.
The opening number on to-day's pro
gramme was an address by Superintend
ent J. \V. McClymonds of Oakland on
compulsory school attendance. The speak
er gave his ideas as to what truant law
should be. His speech was followed by
a general discussion on the same subject.
Interesting Topics Relating
to School Work Are
Discussed.
Final Session of School
Superintendents'
Convention.
EDUCATORS END
THEIR MEETING
B. B. Frisbie, a pioneer, residing at Yuba
City, died suddenly yesterday afternoon
of heart disease." Mr. Friable came here
in the early fifties and was 68 years of
age. He was a district deputy of the A.'
Q. U. \Y.
Pioneer Passes Away.
OMAHA. May 8.— "There. is not a word of
truth in it,'-' said M.'A. Low, > general attorney
for the Chlcaso,- Rock Island and Pacific Rail
road,': to-day discussing a report from Chicago
to the . effect that ' the Rock ¦ Island : ia . negu^
tiattn? f or, the.; purchase of the Chicago, Peoria
and r St. ' Louis Railroad. '
- Fire .broke out last night at i!26 Bush
street, doing a , good deal of damage S by
water to Kraker &;Co., manufacturers of
neckwear. The fire ; started on the- third
floor in the store of the Livingston Manu
facturing Company, but that firm suf
fered little damage. -
Store Damaged by : Water.
Jchn Galvin cf 26 Natoma street, whose
daughter, Mary Ellen, aged 2 years, was
run over and badly injured on February
17 by a truck, owned by the Auatin
Freight and . Transportation Company,
filed a s>ult for $15,030 damages against the
company yesterday. He alleges that his
tUugl.ter. will be crippled' for life and de
foimcd as the result of her injuries.
Seeks Damages for Child's Injuries.
Deputies J.-R. 'Clifford and W.B. Ken
yon of the Fish Commission arrested two
Japanese at'Marysville yesterday; for kill
ing 'doves in "violation; of the, game. laws.
The offenders were fined $25 each by Judge
Raisch. : A constable and = deputy- In , Mon
terey County." arrested thirteen Japanese
yesterday - for having. 1 in ¦ their : possession
a'dead ¦¦ deer." . Four, members of thepai ty
pleaded ¦«: guilty to the .v charge ' placed
against i them » and were • fined ' ?25 each ' by
Judee Westfall of Monterey., ,.- ¦::¦¦ ¦ ,
Game: Law Violators : Caught.
The Board of Public Works yesterday
recommended that the- sidewalks on
Twenty-sixth street, between Folsom and
Brvant, be reduced from fifteen to ten
feet. There Is a double track car line on
Twenty-sixth street, which -at present
leaves a "width of only nine feet of road
way between tracks and curbs, and the
reduction is very desirable according to
the city engineer.
Favors Narrowing of Sidewalks.
SAN JOSE, May 8.— The canker worm
Is appearing in great numbers in the
orchards of the valley, and fruit-growefs
are now waging vigorous war on them.
The first reports of the pest came in last
week. Reports to-day say they have in
creased greatly in numbers during ths
past three or four, days of warm weather.
The cherry trees are the greatest suffer
ers. - Some orchards that a week ago
promised ;big returns have been ruined.
Hundreds of men are engaged In fighting
the pests. '¦:-.- ,- : . ...
Canker Worm Destroying Trees.
The Board of Public Works will put a
force of men at work this morning for the
purpose of removing a house belonging
to 8. Simpson which has blockaded th<s
roadway of Shrader street, near Haight.
for several months past. The house was
moved to the street from a lot by the
Sheriff on a writ of restitution, and the
Supervisors recently passed a resolution
ordering its removal as an obstruction.
It will be demolished and the- sections re
moved to the Corporation Yard.
Will Remove House From Street
Headquarters' band and Companies C
and F, Seventh Infantry, .Colonel C. A.
Coolidgo in command, arrived in the city
yesterday from Vancouver Barracks. All
Ninth Cavalry and TJight ¦.Artillery re
cruits in the Presidio casual camp i have
been ordered to leave for Manila on ; the
transport Thomas, which is scheduled* to
sail on May 16. Colonel Chamberlain,. who
returned from an inspection of the troops
at' Honolulu last Wednesday on the'Ala
meda, reports that he found military af
fairs in that city to be in a, very /satis
factory condition. -:¦/•; — -
News in- Army Circles.'
. Last . evening :_the • Police j Department
completed arrangements for a shooting
contest with Troop A, N. G. C, to be held
at the Harbor View pistol range on Juns
8 at 2 p. m. j The police were challenged
by the National Guardsmen and this chal
lenge >was: accepted- by* Sergeant Helms,
captain I of the police -team. Each team
will consist of,, ten ' men -with two {alter
nates and the ¦ regulation i pistol ¦ tourna
ment ruFes : x wlll govern . the; contest. The
police . team ' wllL be picked i from tv/enty
of the best shots' in the, department.
Police to Enter Pistol Contest.
• Mrs. Lynch was ¦ the wife of Henry
Hoffman, son of John Hoffman, and she
and her son are his only heirs. 1 Young
Hoffman is at work somewhere in the oil
fields and he has ben advertised for. The
mother and son arts due in Pittsburgh "in
June to receive their 'property. :
BAKERSFIELD, May 8.— Mrs. George
Lynch of this place and her "son, Harry,
Hoffman, have fallen heir to a J150.000 es-~
tate in Pi ttsburg, Pa., through the death
of John Hoffman, a pioneer of that city.
I hereby call attention to subdivision 2 of
eectioa 15 of order 1587, page 30 of the gen
ial orders of the Board of Supervisors, for
bidding the hitching of any animal to lamp
posit, hydrants, etc. Complaints are made to
me by the Street Lighting Department ' that
thi» law is being constantly violated, so far
a« the lamp post* are concerned, with the re
sult that the VelEbach lights in the street
lampe are btlng continually broken. Instruct
all member* of ycur respective commands to
pay particular attention and arrest all persor.s
found violating the ordinance.
Hitching Horses to Lamp Posts.
Chief Wittman Issued the following or
der yesterday:
MOTHER AND HER SON
HEIRS TO A FORTUNE
' L". G. * Harrison I and A. J." Morgenstern.
stockholders in the Golden^ Gate Salvage
and Wrecking Company, have ibrbugnt
suit for an accounting and A or dissolution
of the copartnership, alleging misconduct
of the business on the. part of D. J. Mc-
Master, president. of the corporation. Nils
Sorenson and C.Nygard,: directors,^ are
also named as defendants. The plaintiffs
ask for the appointment of a receiver to
take charge of the business at the corner
of Second and Brannan streets pending
the trial of the suit. .
Bring Suit for Accounting.
The Stanislaus Water and Power Com
pany was incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock -of $2,500,000. The directors,
each of whom has subscribed 5100, are
W. Frank Pierce, Wellington Gregg Jr.,
J. E. Green, H. P. Veeder and H. G.
Veeder. - •
J. J. Meyers, K. P. Lynch. A. Spots
wood, I. N. Rosencrantz and L. P. Crane
are the directors of the Black, Oak Min
ing Company, which was Incorporated
yesterday with a capital stock of $1,000,000.
Articles of incorporation of the Allen
Shipping Company were filed yesterday.
Th company has a capital stock of $250,
000. The directors are L. Byron Welsh,
W. T. Kennedy, F. G. Coxhead, E. L. Al
len and C. R. Allen, j
New Incorporations.
CLAIMS LIFE INSURANCE. — Charles
¦Puckhaber brought a suit against the Mutual
Life Insurance Company of New York yester
day for $2311, the amount of a life insurance
t>olic> issued by the company to John P. Henry,
who died In February of this year. Puckhab«r
alleges that the deceased assigned the policy
to him in August, 1896.
Dr. Rader's theme was "Uncle Sam, or
the Reign of the Common People." He
gave an interesting talk and reviewed the
American since the days of John Smith
and -the Puritans. He classed Uncle Sam
as the noblest of men and gave a good il
lustration of American character. He
punctuated hla speech with a number of
witty remarks and anecdotes and kept the
audience in good humor throughout his
entire address.
eluded by Minister.
The last of a series of lectures under the
auspices of the Park Congregational
Church was given last night before a large
audience in the lecture room of the
church. Rev. William Kader was the
speaker and he was warmiy greeted when
Dr. Jones, the pastor, introduced him to
the listeners.
gregational Church Is Con-
Series of Five Lectures at Park Con-
BEV. WILLIAM EADER,
-;>;. SPEAKS ON. "UNCLE SAM.-*'
International, Valley, Spring Valley,
Evening Star and Oakland lodges of the
Independent Order of Good Templars met
last night in the A. O. F building to ten
der a reception to Colonel B. F. Parker,
the right worthy isrrand secretary of the
order, but suddenly in the afternoon he
was called to his home in the East. In
his absence his wife represented him.
There was an address of welcome by O.
H. Fisher and a response by Mrs. Parker
on behalf of her husband. W. G. Nettle
ton, grand counselor, delivered an ad
dress, after which there was a musical
and literary programme that proved in
teresting. ;¥-Zr* i .
Good Templars' Heception.
OAKLAND, May 8.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to William Viers, aged
31 and Catherine Carr. 35. both of Oak
land; Claude F. Howell, over 21, and Ly
dla R. M. Downing, over 21, both of Oak
land. ; ,
Licensed to Marry.
Lum Lin, 1113 Dupont street, swore to a
complaint in Judge Cabaniss' court yester
day charging Charles Wallensteln with
obtaining money by false pretenses and
he was booked at the City Prison on the
charge. •'; He procured $167 from Lum Lin
last Saturday by representing, that Lum
Lin's brother had arrived from Victoria,
B. C. and was at the detention sheds;
that he was a : revenue officer and. the
money was needed to get the broth w re
leased. ' Wallensteln was arrested by De
tectives Ed Gibson and McMahon.
' .. Accused by Chinese.
Fire started last night on the floor of a
building occupied by the Livingston Man
ufacturing Company and destroyed stock
to the value of $500. The building is lo
cated at 222, Bush street, adjoining the
telephone company's j building.
Fire in a Factory.
The breaking of a water hydrant In front
of the North Point dock grain warehouses at
the corner of Lombard and Sansome streets,
caused a lot of damage yesterday morning and
tho runaway horses responsible for the smash
up were, saved from drowning only by being
cut free from a wrecked sand wagon,, the
wheels of which fouled a knocked-down lamp
post and the remains of the hydrant. The
horees, belonging to Jerry Sullivan, got be
yond the control of Louis Jones, the driver.
The frightened animals ran down Sansome
street and when opposite the grain ware
houses the wheels of the heavy wagon locked
around a lamppost, snapping it off like a pipe
stem. As the horses struggled for freedom
they managed to knock off the top of a water
hydrant. -A torrent of water shot fifty feet
into the air. The horses were freed from tho
wreck with the aid of sharp knives, but the
wa{er played for nearly an hour. Part of the
Sansome street car track was inundated and
the grain warehouses were flooded> The dam
age by water is said to amount to more j than
$1000.
Horses Wreck Hydrant.
A complaint was sworn to before Judge
Mogan yesterday by Detective Ed Wren
charging (George'McFadden with the mur
der of Charles .Tucker in the doorway of
829 Howard street on April 28. McFadden
was booked on the charge at the City
Pri3on.
Charged With Murder.
; NEW\ YORK-Sailed May S-«tmr Rhein.
for Bremen; stmr Columbia, for Hamburg via
Plymouth and Cherbourg; stmr La Bretaene
lor Havre. '
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 8— Stmr Ivernla
from Boston. , - . ; .
Sailed May 8 — Stmr Commonwealth for Bos
ton, via Queenstown. : . '
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived May • 8— Stmr Bel
genland, from Philadelphia, - for : Liveroool
Salled'May 8— Stmr Westemland, for Phila
delphia:'stmr Teutonic, for New York- both
from i Liverpool.. . • ¦ ; - '
.-• HONGKONG— Sailed May 8— Stmr Indra
velll. for Portland. . Inara
SHIELDS— Sailed May 7— Stmr Colonla "for
Vancouver. / -- '
for AN p T hlTa E d^hTa Salled '*-*«**^nnland..
fro^^-YorTfor Swe^ tmr Zeeland '
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 8— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hamburg, and proceeded.
NAPLES— Arrived -May_8— Stmr Hohenzol
lern, from New York, via Gibraltar, for Genoa
and proceeded. - ; ¦ .• '
ROTTERDAM — Sailed May 8 — Stmr State -i
dam, for New York,'- via Boulogne-Sur-Mer
CHERBOURG— Arrived May 8— Stmr Fuer^t
Bismarck,\.from New York, via" Plymouth for
Hamburg, and . proceeded. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Sailed May S— Stmr North Kork, : for San
Francisco. ¦ - X
ASTORIA— Sailed May S— Stmr. Vosburg,
for ..Tillamook; stmr Elmore, for Tillamook;
stmr • Columbia, for San Francisco; schr Al
calde, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 8 — Stmr . Alliance, from San
Francisco:
TACOMA— Sailed May S— Stmr Mlneola. for
Ballard: stmr John S Klmball, for Seattle
SEATTLE— Sailed « May 8— Stmr John S
Klmball, for San Francisco.
Arrived May 8 — Stmr Dirizo, from Skagway.
Thursday, May 8.
• The tug Sea Rover was successfully launched
to-niicht at 11 o'clock at Harbor View. She is
owned by the Merchants' and Shipowners'
Tus Co. ,
LAUNCHED.
Thursday, May 8.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Gow, 04 hours from New
Whatcom. "
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 30 hours from Monterey.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The Marine Engineers; Beneficial Asso
ciation and the International Union of
Steam Engineers sent communications
yesterday to the Board of Supervisors ap
proving of \ the ordinance appropriating
\\Ji cents on every $100 assessed valuation
outside of the dollar limit for the purpose
of building schoolhouses.
Principals Mann, O'Connor and Faulk
ner, the sub-committee appointed at the
recent teachers' mass meeting to collect
data with a view to urging an increased
appropriation for the schools, have suc
ceeded in finding 653 "additional pupils to
the arerage daily attendance which was
reported originally to be 36,146. By a sim
ple method of arithmetical calculation the
committee makes the number 36,796 in
stead. Under the charter this will allow
$1,030,288 to pay salaries of teachers. The
general committee of eighteen teachers
will go before the Supervisors' Finance
Committee next Tuesday at 4 p. m. to
urge a liberal appropriation.
creased Appropriation.
School Department to an In-
Additional Number Will Entitle
TEACHERS' COMMITTEE
- FINDS MORE PUPILS
He : resigned this position to accept an
other on the steamship America Maru." It
Was on his last trip to the Orient thdt he
contracted pneumonia, which resulted in
his death. ¦ ; .
Dr. du Pue was 26 years-of age and a
graduate of St. Mary,'s College and Coop
er's Medical College. Graduating from
college with high honors, he was at once
appointed surgeon at the National Sol
diers' Home at Santa Monica, Dr. du Pue
made a host of friends, especially among
the old veterans. • ...
Dr. Rea du Pue died of pneumonia at
theWaldeck Sanatorium last Monday,
May 5, at 1 p. m. The. body was interred
at Mountain View Cemetery,; the funeral
services being held at the family home,
914 Sixteenth street, Oakland.
Popular Physician v of America Maru
Relieved by Death After a
Long Illness. .
Judge Troutt issued an order yesterday
directing the payment of a monthly al
lowance of $1500 to Rosario Segimon
Guardiola, the widow of Jose Guardiola,
the wealthy Guatemalan, who died in
Paris recently. The order refers only to
the inco'me from the property owned by
Guardiola in this State, which is esti
mated to be worth $S50,000. The Guardi
ola holdings in Spain, Guatemala and
France are estimated to* be worth $25,
000,000.
Mrs.Guardiola Gets Allowance.
DR. REA DU PUE PASSES
; AWAY; AT THE. WALDECK
Boynton is said to be one of the wealthi
est residents of Suisun, a bank president
and was a partner of the late James T ¦<>*'"•
The defendant brought forward several
¦witnesses, among them Doorkeeper Levy
of the Orpbeum, who testified that Boyn
ton was considerably under the influence
cf liquor. Harris denied getting a $5 gold
piece and said all he got was 25 cents/ He
said he was employed as a tralnboy and
was standing at the cigar store adjoining
the Orpheum when he saw the old gentle
man. The Judge then dismissed the case.
Boynton testified that he went to Fisch
er's Theater Wednesday night, but was
unable to get a seat. He then went to the
Orplieum, but failed to get one there and
Harris came up to him and offered to get
a ticket for him for the Alcazar. He gave
Harris 59 cents to buy the ticket, he
claimed, and when Harris returned with
it he asked 50 cents for his trouble. Boyn
ton gave him a S5 gold piece, he said, to
get changed and Harris walked away
with it. Boynton complained to Police
man Davids, who arrested Harris. On
cross-examination be admitted he had two
or three drinks, but "he had storage for
more."
Cantsin Harrison Boynton, who stated
that he is a farmer of Suisun, was the
complaining witness in the case of Harry
Harris, charged with, petty larceny, before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday. .
Arrested on Charge of Petty
Larceny.
Captain Boynton Has Harry Harris
FARMER FROM: SUTSU3T
ACCUSES A TRAINBOT
By virtue cf a dispensation granted by
the illustrious imperial potentate, Philip
C. Shaffer, a . special session of Islam
Temple, Mystic Shrine of San Francisco,
will be held in' the city of Reno, Nev.,
to-morrow evening', at 7:30 o'clock for
the reception of petitions and f<5r 'cere
monies. The. members .will leave to
night at 6 o'clock from the foot of Market
street and arrive at Reno at 8:10 o'clock
to-morrow morning. There will be a
special train. of Pullman coaches. \ r More
than one hundred nobles of Islam Tem
ple have-already engaged berths In this
train, and it ia expected that there will
be a great many more. There will be a
fcido trip, which has been arranged by the
nobles .of Reno, to Virginia' City, where
the party will be entertained and piloted
through some of the celebrated mines of
the Comstock lode. The members will
also visit Carson City. It is expected that
this will be one of the most memorable
trips of Islam Temple. The party will
return here Sunday afternoon.
Saturday.
bers of Islam Temple
Great Treat Is in Store for the:Mem-
"Waldesgruss" (Abt), Verein Arion: He
bralsche Melodlen (Joachim), Herr Benat Jau
lus- "Am Ort, Wo Melne Wiege Stand'. (Hand
werg) Verein Arion: (a) "All Souls' Day"
(Ole Bull), (b) "Traumerel" (Schumann), Jau
useTring orchestra; (a) "Urn MlUe^acht'
(b) "Trlnklled," (c) "WanderMed-' (komponirt
und dem Arion gewidmet von Frederick Men
Tr 1 Verein Arion; "Morlre. arle (Patlnl),
Miss Sm Boston, violin obligate Miss
Laura Taylor; (a) •'AHnlederlandisches Lied
(Krtmser), (b) "Old Folks at Home (ar
rang. von Neldlinger). Verein Arion: (a) Bar
carole, (b) Etude (Rubinstein), Herr Paul
Scholz; "Im Wald" (Leu), Verein Arion, didi
gent, Herr Frederick Zech Jr.
The last concert to be givep by the
Verein Arion for the season of 1902 will
take place on Friday evening, May 16, at
Native Sons' Hall. The committee in
charge has been faithfully working to
make the final concert the most elaborate
of any yet given and the best known ar
tists in local musical circles have .been
secured for the occasion.
The orchestra will be under the direc
tion of the new musical director, Profes
sor Frederick 2eeh Jr., and some very
choice music is promised, as the new
leader is one of the most finished artists
in the local musical world.
The following programme will be ren
dered:
and a 3STew Orchestra Leader
Selected.
Splendid Programme Is Arranged
The argument in the case of George
Whitney Moore and George William
Moore vs. A. B. . Hammond "^and the
Astoria Company was postponed until the
September session.
The United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday listened to the arguments
in the case of the Northern Pacific Rail
way Company vs. P. H. Tynan, admin
istrator of the estate of John Tynan, de?
ceased. . John Tynan was a brakeman and
was crushed to death between two cars
while coupling them. His estate was
awarded $10,000 damages in the District
Court of Oregon, and the railroad com
pany has appealed. B. S. Grosscup made
the argument for the appellant and Dan
J. Malarkey spoke for the Tynan estate.
The case was thereupon submitted.
Circuit Court of Appeals.
7EREIN ARION WILL
GIVE FINAL CONCERT
The inspectors found that E. Andersen,
chief mate of the Noyo, was negligent in
leaving the bridge in charge of an un
licensed man, who did not know the sig
nals to the engine room, when the steam
er was running at full speed and the
weathei was foggy. His license was re
voked. The license of Peter Hedwell, sec
ond mate of the San Pedro, was suspend
ed for thirty days for negligence In run
ning the San Pedro at full speed with a
squan sail set In foggy weather on his
own responsibility and not i calling the
masttr, as he should have done. After he
eaw the Noyo he did all he could to avoid
the collision. The masters, H. Johnsen of
the Ntvo and E. Jahnsen of the San
Pedro, were exonerated.
Captain O. F. Bodies and John K. Bul
ger punished two mates yesterday whom
they found guilty of carelessness -and
negligence In navigating the steamers
Noyo and San Pedro. The steamers col
lided at 1 o'clock in the morning on
April 18, thirty miles northwest of Point
Reyes. The Noyo was damaged to the
extent of $4000 <and the San -Pedro 15000.
The lumber cargo was damaged to the ez
tent or ?2000.
Andersen_ of the Woyo and Eedwell
of the San Pedro ths
Victims.
ERKELET, May 8.— Miss Agnes
Gertrude Mackey, a graduate of
the Berkeley High School with
tthe class of 1301, and -Herman El,-.
* mer Jones, a senior in the college
)f mechanics at the University of Cali-
TWO MATES LOSE THEIR.
LICENSES FOR NEGLIGENCE
.. Vigorous efforts are being made. by the
educational committee of the Young Men's
Christian Association to, render the class
work carried on in the evening more ef
fective in supplying the means of self
help to the young men of San Francisco.
With this end in view they have estab
lished continuous work throughout the
year in'commercial branches, steam en
gineering and naval architecture. A larg?
number of the five hundred students are
continuing work during the summer, and
.many students have entered = the classes
for tho first time. Plans for a greatly
improved equipment and enlarged accom
modations are being pushed with vigor,
but the indications are that -the capacity
of * the rooms available for educational
purposes will be severely taxed this year.
Opportunity for Young Men.
SHRINERS TO GO TO NEVADA
TO CONFER' THEIR DEGREE
fornia, were married clandestinely in San
Jose more than two months ago. Their
secret was well guarded by themselves
and a few sworn friends up till to-day. •
The ceremony was performed in the
Garden City on February 22, Rev. Father
Land of St. Patrick's Church officiating.
After the marriage the bride remained at
her San Jose home with her parents and
young Jones returned to his studies at
Berkeley. On April 16 he was joined by
his wife, but they still kept their wed
ding secret, as Jones did not wish his
college chums to know about It until he
had finished his university work and ex
aminations. ¦ ' .
Behind the romance is a tale of parental
objection which brought about the usual
result— a clandestine marriage, sooner than
either of the persona concerned had con
templated entering the state of matrimony.
Jones met his present wife four years ago
while she was a student at the local high
school and he was attending college, and
their troth was plighted soon 'afterward.
Mrs. Jones' parents were, not informed
until a recent date of their daughter'3
marriage. - • .
Mrs. Jones is the youngest daughter of
John Mackey, a wealthy land and cattle
owner of Humboldt County, who is at
present residing at 374 South Sixth street,
San Jcse. Jones' home is in Sacramento,
and 'there he will take his wife as soon
as college closes. Both young people havo
a large circle of friends here and else
where who will be greatly surprised at
the announcement- «f* the wedding. ~ *,-.>.
Mr. and Mrs. Jones are at ..present re
siding at University Cottage 5.' <"-
Judge Murasky leaned over toward Mc-
Graw with a look of expectancy on his
face, and then shook his head even moie
vigorously than had either Welsh or Hol
land; McGraw looked almost inconsolab'.e
and turned to resume his examination of
tlie- witness. The court kindly relieved
tlie spectators and attorneys in the court
room by saying to the lawyer:
"No, Mr. McGraw, I do not chew."
"Have you a chew of tobacco, Judge?"*
When Attorney E. - W. McGraw, after
whispering to Courtroom Clerk .Richard
Welsh and Court Reporter Holland, lean
ed over the bench in Judge Murasky's
court yesterday every one in the court
room expected that something of great
moment was to happen, particularly as
McGraw had left a witness on the stand.
The effect was heightened when batil
Welsh and Holland shook their heads
vigorously. • .
Judge Murasky During Prog
ress of a Trial.
attorney -"&/. W. McGraw Startle3
INTERRUPTS COURT TO ASK
FOR A CHEW OF' TOBACCO
Divorces were granted to John Otis
Brown from Eliza E. Brown for deser
tion, Emma Kohn from Benjamin Kohn
for neglect, Bertha Louisa Schossow from
Charles Schossow for conviction of a fel
ony, and Savino CIpelli from Angela CU
pelli for desertion. •
Suits for divorce were filed by Charles
N. Runyan against Mary Runyan for
cruelty and Mllinda Wilson against A. J.
Wilson for desertion.
Louise A. Sullivan, who was married to
Frank J. Sullivan in November, 1891, is
suing for divorce on the ground of deser
tion, alleging that he abandoned her in
1896.
Joseph Rankin, who was convicted of
a felony at Oakland in June. 1900, is being
sued for divorce by Rachel Eugenie Ran
kin, to whom he was married at Ala
meda in 1897. ' Mrs. Rankin asks for per
mission to resume her maiden name, Vir
ginia Cummings.
Max D. A. Knaus is suing Emma S. N.
Knaus for divorce on the ground of in
iidellty. He names James Cronin of
Vallejo as the co-respondent. Knaus
asks the court to award him the custody
of his three children. - ." .
Mary Thomas has commenced an action
for divorce against Thomas D. Thomas on
the ground cf failure to provide. She al
leges that for the last year Thomas has
not urovided her with means to support
herself and two ¦ children. They were
married at Silverton, Colo., in 1893.
Jean Lieurette, who was married to Ma
rie Lieurette at Stockton In 18SS, filed a
suit for divorce yesterday, alleging that
she left him in 1898. They i.ave one child.
a boy, 13 years of age, the custody of
whom the father asks.
The suit for divorce commenced against
Eva L. Plepenberg by Albert H. Piepen
berg was dismissed yesterday, the couple
having settled their grievances. Piepen
berg accused his wife of intemperance
and cruelty, while she alleged that he was
a swindler, that he possessed a criminal
nature and was without any decent in
stincts or principles. They were married
in September, 1900.
Mrs. Paulsen alleges that her husband
left her on February 16 of last year and
that since that time she has received no
monetary or other aid from him. She al
leges further that their child is , sickly
and delicate, and that because of her
husband's neglect she has been unable to
give him the care and attention his con
dition requires.
She also alleges that Paulsen is fully
aware of his child's condition and need
for medical treatment, and that he has
neglected and refused to give her any
assistance. She charges that Paulsen is
in possession of considerable property, ac
quired after his marriage, and therefore
well able to care for her and their child.
He also receives, she alleges, a salary of
$200 a month from Siebe Bros. & Plage
mann.'
The Paulsens were married five years
ago and reside at 1722 Eddy street. * They
have one child, a boy, aged 4 years.
Henry H. Paulsen, bookkeeper for Siebe
Bros. & Plagemann, liquor dealers, was
made the defendant in a suit for divorce
yesterday by Minnie E. F. Paulsen. De
sertion and failure to provide are the al
leged causes for the suit.
I Mra. Pereira had made an'appointment to be
hero, this afternoon at 2:30 o'clock to have
8i,m»i: teeth extracted. He% daughter had been
a patient of mine, but this was the first time
I had treated her^mother. When Mrs. Pereira
came she told me that she had suffered Intense
ly from toothache last night, and she desired
that the aching -teeth should be extracted.
\ After she had taken her place in the operat
ing, chair I made ordinary preparations for the
operation. There was no gas or ether, admin
istered, . only a local application of cocaine..
It was Just after I had removed the fourth
tooth that she suddenly cried. "Oh, my heart!"
and collapsed. At first I thought she had only
fainted, as patients sometimes do under ex
tracting operations. I got some whisky and
administered it, aflso trying artificial respira
tion, but she showed no signs of reviving.
Then I called Dr. Goldson. a, woman physician
next door, and Dr. Hornef and Dr. Hyde, who
were In my other offices, also came in. Later
Dr. L.arkey was summoned.. Every effort to
restore the" lady was made, but the doctors
wore finally compelled to declare that she was
dead. ; .
SUBJECT TO HEART TROUBLE.
,_ Under the circumstances I could do nothing
else but notify- the Coroner, which I did
promptly. ;My distress over this unfortunate
affair is very great, but I feel that it was such
an occurrence that could not be foreseen or in
any manner forestalled. After her v death, I
learned that Mrs. Pereira had been subject ¦ to
spasms, evidently due to weakened action of
the heart. ' . :
Her death occurred about 0:30 o'clock, be
cause she had been at the office an hour when
she collapsed.
"Miss Pereira told me that her mother
had been subject to frequent attacks of
heart trouble," said Dr. S. C. Hornef.
"The indications are that heart disease
was the cause of her sudden collapse and
death."
The .Pereiras have resided for several
years in this city. The family is prom
inent among the and South
American colonies' in San Francisco.
Madame Pereira was a native of Chile
and 41 years of age. The funeral will be
held Saturday afternoon at 2 o'clock from
the family residence. The body will prob
ably be placed in a receiving vault and
later sent to Chile.
Coroner Mehrmann will hold an Inquest
Saturday evening.
Dr. Schmidt was greatly distressed over
the untefward demise of hi3 patient. He
said the sudden collapse was the first sug
gestion of anything wrong.
Consul Pereira ¦was overcome with grief
and with his motherless daughter retired
to their residence, 961 Madison street,
stunned by the sudden blow.
A post mortem examination will be
necessary to definitely determine the
cause of death. Miss Pereira told the
dentist's associates that her "mother had
been subject to attacks of heart trouble.
ONT/S" COCAINE USED.
Distressing as was the sudden death, it
was rendered doubly shocking because of
the presence of Miss Marie T. Pereira, a
young ' daughter, who was ' summoned
from an anteroom in the dentist's office
only to learn , that her mother had ex
pired while the young woman was await
ing the dentist's word that he had dons
with the operation.
While the three physicians were work
ing over the patient Dr. A. S. Larkey, the
Pereiras' I family attendant, arrived, he
also having been called. * After it was all
over the husband was summoned from
San Francisco and he reached the office
Just as his wife's body was being removed
to the Morgue, Dr. Schmidt having noti
fied the Coroner as soon as Mrs. Pereira
was pronounced dead.
Dr. Schmidt had removed four teeth
from his patient's mouth and was about
to : renew extracting when Madame Pe
reira "raised her head, clutching at her
heart with an . exclamation of pain/ and
then collapsed.' .Realizing that the lady
was: in 7a: serious condition, the dentist
called for assistance. Quickly Dr. W. H.
Goldson, Dr. O. C. Hyde and* Dr. S. C.
Hornef : responded. Whisky and strych
nine were administered, but the patient
was beyond medical attention. She had
expired, almost before she could be lifted
from the operating chair.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
y - 1118 Broadway, May 8.
While having teeth extracted this after
noon at the office of Dr. Gustav L.
Schmidt, a dentist, at 1014 Broadway,,
Madame Maria Teresa deAstorga Pereira,
wife of Juan A. 'Pereira, Consul for Chile
at San Francisco, expired suddenly in the
operating chair in the midst j of the den
tist's work.
The Oakland Federated Trades Council,
which is the central body recognized by
-the carpenters, is going to try and orga
nize local plasterers' and plumbers' un
ions in opposition to those unions that
have stood by the Building Trades Coun
cil, and the Building Trades Council has
a plan for an opposition carpenters' union.
But ihe Building Trades Council ha3
taken the bit In Its teeth and has adopted
resolutions declaring that no members of
unions affiliated with the Alameda Coun
ty Building Trades Council will be per
mitted to work with those who do not
hold the regular quarterly working cardd
of the State Building Trades Council. The
date for I the enforcement of this order
has been set for May 17. As members of
the Carpenters' Union do not hold these
cards this means that the members of the
Building Trades Council will not longer
recognize them as union men.
The war that is on between, the San
Francisco Building Trades Council and
the; Carpenters' Union has extended to
this city. The Building Trades Council
and the carpenters have been at out3 for
some time, the carpenters having with
drawn from the Building, Trades Council
and recognized the American Federation
of Labor, but up to the present time each
side has recognized the other as being
union, and men representing the two sides
have worked side by side upon the same
buildings.
Oakland Office San , Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 8.
Mr. Lane admitted having made the
statement that the Mayor had asked him
to hold the suits in abeyance pending a
compromise.
Mr. Lane said the cases against the
telephone company were now pending,
that they had come up before* Judge
Hebbard. and that in the near / future
they would be brought up again before
Judge Seweil.
"Certainly not. I have not been In
communication vritb the telephone com
pany, nor it -with me, regarding a com
promise in this affair. The matter is now
in the courts."
"Has the telephone company approached
you cr has it tried to approach you in re
gard to a compromise by giving- the. mu
nicipality free telephone service?" he was
asked.
W. N. McCarthy has waxed wroth over
the interminable delay and he expresses
a determination as a citizen to have the
suits brought to trial.
Mayor Schmitx"s time was pretty well
taken up yesterday afternoon in receiving
and talking with the committee that had
come down to escort him to Vallejo to,
address ice Federal Labor Union there. >
On bein? approached on the subject of
the taxes due the city by the Sunset Tele
phone and Telegraph Company he said
that the matter was pending in the courts
and was at present not within his juris- j
-^diction. .. .... ,.. _. ..*- , ... - J
The cases against the telephone com
pany came up again and again and were
a5 many times continued.
The Tax Collector then appointed an at
torney to file suit for the collection of
the taxes, but the Supervisors discovered
later that it was not in the province of
the Tax Collector to make such an ap
pointment and the matter was placed in
the hands of Mr. Lane.
Resolutions tvere also Adopted at that
lime by the Supervisors to have the Tax
Collector gather in the taxes due the
municipality from the telephone company.
On April 20, 1900, the members of the
Board of Supervisors passed an ordinance
to license the Sunset Company's tele
phones at 50 cents a quarter, the ordinance
rea-iing- the same as that In force in Utah.
Second Section, Iv'o. 48, page 123 — For each
proprietor of a weighiEg machine, phonographic
machine, fortune telling machine, lifting ma
chine, music machine, electric machine or any
otter machine or apparatus of any kind, char
acter or description In which on deposit of a
5-cent piece or any other piece of money or
article representing money within said ma
chine a person Is -weighed thereon or music
piajed therein or other service* in connection
with said machine so designated are rendered
shall pay a license cf $2 per quarter for each
machine so used.
The suits seem to have been practically
sidetracked. From time to time the hear
ings have been continued by Judge Heb
bard, there seeming to be no one 10 press
them. The Tax Collector was instructed
to bring the suits and he employed as
ppecial counsel Peter F. Dunne. Mr.
Dunne was subsequently relieved of the
responsibility and tne matter fell back
into the hands of City Attorney Lane.
As far back as 1S80 there went into ef
fect in the general orders of the Board
of Supervisors an ordinance regarding the
taxing of electric machines which reads
as follows:
Mayor Schmitz says with emphasis that
be made no such request of Mr. Lane;
that he has made nor received no over
tures for & compromise with the telephone
company and that he has never even
heard any suggestion that a compromise
be made.
The continued delay In pressing the
suits against tlie Sunset Telephone and
Telegraph Company for the thousands ot
dollars alleged to be due the city as taxes
on nickel-in-the-slot telephone boxes has
aroused inquiry. Ex-Supervisor William
N. McCarthy has particularly interested
himself in the matter. According to him.
City Attorney Franklin K. Lane has
Btated that the suits have been held in
abeyance at the request of Mayor
Schmitz, because the Mayor was trying to
arrange a compromise wuh the telephone
company, the basis of this compromise to
be that the corporation give the munici
pality a free service in case the suits
were abandoned.
Inquiry Is Started and City
Attorney Lane Asked
for Explanation.
Claims Husband Has Failed
to Provide for> Her.
Other Suits.
A Chair From Strain on a
Weak Heart.
Collapses in the Operating
threats cf Organizing Rival
/ Bodies Are Made by
/the -Factions. .
Bookkeeper Sues for
Her Freedom.
Wife of Well - Known
Wife of Chilean Consul
Pereira Suddenly
Expires.
Building Trades W411 Not
Recognize the Car
x penters.
Involve Thousands, but
Trials Are Being
Delayed.
PAULSENS ENTER
DIVORCE COURT
MEETS DEATH
AT DENTIST'S
LABOR UNIONS
DECLARE WAR
TELEPHONE TAX
SUITS HANG FIRE
¦ . - ¦¦ •¦•
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY: 9, : 1902.
Herman Elmer Jones, a Student in the Gollege of Mechan
ics, Clandestinely Weds Miss 'Agnes Gertrude Mackey,
a Graduate of the Berkeley High School, in San Jose
SENIOR AT UNIVERSITY
IS SECRETLY MARRIED
UNIVERSITY STUDENT AND HIS
BRIDE, TO WHOM HE WAS MAR
RIED SECRETLY IN SAN JOSE.
9
lEMe/hnsMOod
A healthy and well
nourished infant gains in
weight. Mellin's Food
. babies gain in weight. -
Mellin's Food babies are bsaltby. Send .
for our book and see their pictures.
: Mellin's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cored bj
ESPiC'S £1 GARETTES , c or POWDER
Paris, J.ESPIC; New York, E. FOUGERA &CQ.
SOLD BY ALL PRVGGI3T* '
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAL
¦¦ "* : ' "-. ¦"¦ '___'. ¦ , ' '¦• ' ••
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases has arrived and they
are' now ready for distribu-
tion. All ..subscribers to '.The
Call are. entitled to a copy of
this great book at thc.prem-
ium rate of ?1 BO.. Onto!
tOTrn subscribers desiring a
copy . of this splendid prem-
ium -will be supplied on re-'
celpt J j of , -$1 ; 50. ; ; All \ mail
, orders will be shipped by cx-
press at . subscriber's expense.Movements of Steamers.
i. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich time. I
' . W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
' '- "•- : . - ; ,.. TO SAIL. : . i
Steamer. . -Destination.- • Sails. Pier.
May 0. ~~ "
Coronado.. Grays harbor ...:. 5 pm Pier 2
Despatch... Seattle & Fairhaven 5 pm Pier 16
Phoenix Mendocino City..... 3 pm Pier 13
Eureka.... Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 1J
Nip. Maru. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Nekc Hamburg: & Way.. 12 m|S. W. 2
May 1O. , ,1
Marcalay.. Coqullle River .... '5 pm Pier 2
O. Dollar.. Grays Harbor,....'. 4 pm Pier 2
Wtstport: . Bear Harbor ...... 5 pm Pier 2
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
BiEsie K. . . Golofnin Bay-Teller . . Pier 16
Rival...... Willapa Harbor ... 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena . . 2 pm Pier 2
Bonita..... Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
Alameda... Honolulu .......... 2 pm Pier 7
May 11. ,
San Tedro. . Humboldt ......... 10 am Pier 2
Prentlss. . . • Humboldt ......... 12 m Pier 16
Eanta Rosa San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
May 12.
Pomona...: Humboldt. ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
May 13.
Argo..... ..'Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Leolanaw.. X. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 10
Newhurg... Grays Harbor ..... 10 am Pier 2
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
tv May '14. . -
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way .. 9 am Pier 11
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12, m Pier 10
May 15, . .
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd "4 pm Pler-13
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Arctic Humboldt"... 10 am Pier 2
May. 1O. .
Queen..... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier. 9
i.May- 17. •:-:¦;•: ¦"¦ .' •¦'.-¦¦.
Peru China & Japan. .... 1 pm PMSS
Hyades Honolulu & Kahulul .. Pier 20
... - May 18. ¦.:¦. - .".¦¦ . - ;¦
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Alliance... Portland & Way Pier —
'=;•¦-¦' ' , - May 10. ¦ •• . | • ,
Newport... Panama & Way. . . 12 . m|PMSS
Sun rises . . . .' . . ; . . .".5:05
Sun sets .7*07
Moon sets '. .-.9:17 p. m.
0 Time Time Time Tlmel-- •
£ Ft. Ft.' Ft. Ft. ; I
a; L W •.,. H.W ... L ,WJ H Wl
9 6:25 — O.S 1:38 4.8 6:17 . 2.8 ".... .7777
H W L W . H W L W rl- .
10 0:20 B.7 7:1S— 0.8 2:31 4.8 7:12 23
11 1:01 5.5-8:12—0.6 3:30 * 4.8 8:10 3tj'
12 2:10 5.1 0:10 — 0.3 4:29 4.0 9:34 31
13 3:16 4.8 10:09 0.1 5:22 5.110:55 £a
11 4:34 4.411:08 O.U C:1H - 5.2 ....;...'..
LW HW" L ..W. .-..¦. HW
15 0:00 2.5 5:55 4..1 12:04 , 09 7:02 55
10 1:12| 2.0 7:13| 4.2| l-:01|- 1.3 7:50 5.7
Injured on Steamer Mariposa.
James Flannagan, an employe of the
'xilon Iron Works, who resides : at : 22S
app street, fell from the deck into the
Did of the steamer Mariposa yesterday,
ie sustained fractures ot two ribs.; •-. •
Will Decorate Firemen's Graves.
The Veteran Firemen's Association of
hn Francisco will follow its usual cus
nm of decoratlnsr the ??raves of Chiefs
tckerson.- Whitney and Scannell and
•tber officers and members of the depart
ment on May 30. Those killed" In the dls
harse of duty v.Hl not be forgotten
!aairmnn Baker of the committee hav
ng the plan in hand appeals to the friend*
f the firemen to honor their mem
ry. Flowers can be left at the Exempt
¦out?, Brenham place, as late as the
?th inst.
Makes Quick Trip.
The French bark Jacques arrived here yes
terday from Glasgow. She made the voyage in
116 days, which is considered a fast passage.
Yosemite Goes Up.
Reinsurance on the American bark Tosemite
was yesterday advanced to CO per cent.
Edith Arrives.
The steam collier Edith. Captain Hall, ar
rived yesterday. 100 ¦ hours ¦' from Seattle. She
brought 3500 tons of coal.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
¦ The French bark Salnte Anne was chartered
prior to arrival for wheat to Europe at 22s 6d.
The ship Emily F. Whitney Is chartered for
lumber from Puget Sound to Pisagua or Iquiqui
at 40s.
The barkentlne KHkltat loads lumber " at
Ludlow for Honolulu.
The Curacao's Cargo.
The steamer Curacao, which' sailed on
Wednesday . for various Mexican , ports, carried
a general merchandise cargo valued at $46,
906.. Among the principal shipments were the
following:
207 bbls-flour, 18.12 lbs .butter, 1051 lbs and
9S pkgB- bread, .209 cs canned goods, • 210 lbs
codfish. 105 cs coal oil, 64S5 lbs dried fruits. 9
pkgs dry ' goods. 261 pkgs groceries and . pro
visions. 253 pkgs hardware, 20 ¦ pigs . lead 35
At the annual meeting of .the associa
tion of Veterans of the Mexican War heJd
ast night the following were elected offl
:ers for the current term: Joseph Stew
irt. president; Colonel George Thistleton
rice president; Major Edwin Sherman'
tecond vice president; Lieutenant XV j.'
Duncan, secretary; Major Sidney J. Loop'
reasurer. ' '
After the election there was an ad
ournment of the veterans who fought at
ralo Alto to a downtown restaurant
fhere the annual banquet was partaken'
if in celebration of the anniversary o£
lie battle of Palo Alto. The- principal
ipcaker of the evening was Major Sher
r:an, and from a statement made by him
t appeared that there are still living 1155
•-uerans of the war of 1S47 on the Pacific
Joast and 7u2 widows. There were rem
nisoent talks by the new officers, which
lindlcd anew the fire of patriotism in the
learts of the old soldiers who in the long
iSo followed Old Glory In its -victorious
carch to the City of Mexico.
Ajiniversary of the Battle of Palo
Alto Celebrated by a Ban
quet.
K.EXICAN VETERANS
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
The revenue cutter, Thetis arrived yesterday
at 'Seattle. The Bear, leaking as the result
of her recent encounter with a rock, also ar
rive at the Sound port, where she will under
go repairs. . • • _ ' •--!¦* ,>,-
Revenue Cutters.
The steam schooner Albion' River, which
arrived yesterday from Port Hadlock, Is the
latest addition to the Swayne & Hoyt fleet of
lumber carriers. Ehe was built at Grays Har
bor and this is her first voyage down the
coast. She brought 315,000 feet of lumber.
. New Lumber Steamer.
M. Gael-lick. J. D. Salaveria, T. T. Glvens.
B. de Urunela, A. L. Turner, J. W. Murray,
W. Cooper, W. N. Brown, J. Stout. G. Bur
rell. -G. McCulIip. G. Franklnfleld. J. H.
Trlpp, C W. Atkin, F. ¦ Pandy, A. J. Jansen,
M. H. Hyter. F. Smalley. S. Wilson, H. G.
Differbaugh. E. Taylor, J. •. Benning. Frank
Post and XV. "Wash.
The Pacific Mall steamship San Jose Failed
yesterday for Panama and way ports. She took
a large cargo and passenger? as follows:
San Jose Sails.
John M. Bartlett and wife. William Cox.
Hen. John Jenkins. Mrs. Mary Bloedel, Joseph
Lcwiu, Hanibal Helms, Maximo Meyer. A. L.
Difguez, Cecilia Donoghue and Alfonso Tril
lants.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Newport arrived
ycFterday* from Panama and way ports with a
large cargo and passengers as follows:
Newport Arrives.
Sailing of the Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose sailed yesterday ; for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo
manifested up to 3 p. m. asfollows: For
Mexico, ?24.120; Central America. $54,478;
Panama. $."890. ' The cargo Included the fol
lowing merchandise and produce:
For Mexico — 560 cs cyanide of potash, .470 lbs
cheese, 425 lbs dried fruit, 13 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 43 pkgs hardware. 2 cs leather,
6127 ft lumber, 61 pkgs machinery, 508 gals
wine, 72 cs nails, 100 bxs paste, 10 bdls paper,
4 pkg8 paints and oils, 1195 lbs starch, 20 pes
steel, 20 cs tin. 414 pkgs tank : material, 10
bdls plain wire.
For Central America — 2292 bbls flour, 115 cs
cartridges, 82 c»ks bottled beer, 12 cs boot« and
shoes, 10 cs cyanide of potash, 3U5 bbls cement,
10 cs canned goodB. 745 cs coal oil, 73 pkgs. dry
goods, 300 lbs dried fruit, 49 bales domestics,
20 pkgs drugs, 28 cs edged tools, 20 cs fuse,
9."» pkgs groceries and provisions, 327 lbs ham,
•57 pkgs hardware. GO bdls Iron, 289 lbs hops,
»4.20(J ft lumber. 1900 lbs lard. 5200 lbs mill
stuffs, 3000 lbs malt, 340 pkgs machinery, 42
kegs nails. 48 crts onions, 89 pkgs paints and
oils, 81 crts potatoes, 11 pkgs paste, 100 flasks
quicksilver, 107.CJ9 lbs rice, 116 lbs raisins,
401 lbs resin. 2886 lbs spices, 2500 lbs soda,
154 lbs sago, 20*>0 lbs etearlne. 154 lbs sago, -40
bdls Ehooks, 49 kegs staples, 836 lbs tea, 10 cs
tar, 17,911 lbs tallow, a<j6 reels barbed wire, 21
pkgs wagon material, ! 107 gals and 115 cs
whisky, 1719 gals and 58 cs wine'.
For Panama— 290 bbls flour, 20 crts potatoes,
20 flasks quicksilver, 180 cs canned goods, 200
cs candles, 10 tanks oil.
A Cargo for Australia.
The British bark Socotra .was cleared on
Wednesday for Melbourne with cargo as noted
below, valued at $73,844: 28,231 ctls barley,
5714 bbls flour, 301,771 ft lumber, 4U76 doors,
10 bxs tin, 10 cs printing ink.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
. Times - and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, , entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official' au
thority of the Superintendent. -
NOTE— iThe- high and low waters occur at
the city 'front . (Mission-street wharf) . about
twenty-nve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY. MAT 9.
Will Go to Manila.
¦ The Toyo Klsen Kalsha'a steamship Nippon
Maru, which sails to-day for the Orient, la
scheduled to touch at Manila, for which port
she is taking a large cargo. Among the pas
sengers to Manila will be Theodore Santos, e.
young Filipino who has been here for about
two years, attending the University of Cali
fornia. Santos, whose parents are very
wealthy, has been made much of by local 60
cWy and vows that he will return to America
for a great big whirl before he marries and
settles down. Rev. W. S. Ament, the mls
sionarv whose theories on the loot question
arcupcd the critical Ire of Mark Twain." will
also be a jiasEcnger on the Nippon.
Rev. Dr. John Fryer, a Chinese Government
official, returns on the Nippon. He takes with
him two young men who have been trained
here for service as Instructors In the Chinese
universities. M. Shlraifchi. the Japanese gen
eral manager at this port of the Toyo Klsen
Kairha. will be a passenger. He takes with
him the plans submitted by different shipbuild
ing concerns for the two big steamships short
ly to be added to the company's San Francisco-
Or'ental fleet. The Nippon will carry over
forty cabin passengers.
bdls laths, 1873 lbs meal.' 6 cs acid, 12 ctls
barley. 10 pkgs electrical goods, 1799 lbs hams
and bacon, 1000 lbs hides. 3500 lbs lard. 4 pkgs
liquors, 16(51 lbs bluestone, 60 bxs candles, 13,-
Itt) lbs copra, 11 pktrs drugs, 251,585 ft lumber,
57 pkgs machinery, SS bales bags. 57 pkgs bak
ing powder. 2 pkRs bicycles and sundries. 2tj2
bbls cement. 23 sks coal, 36 cs fuse. 514 bales
hay, 7207 lbs grease, 855 bdls Iron, 18. pkgs
mill work. 101 pkgs nails. 103 pkgs paints and
oils, 5S1 bxs' paste. 1038 lbs raisins, 6569 lb«
ricp, 997 bdla ehooks. 52C0 lbs Rago, 47 cs sal
mon. 12.368 lbs tea. 1C4 gals and i)Q cs whisky.
12.742 lbs cheese, 092 lbs nuts, 22 crts onions,
156 crts ' potatoes, 50 lbs opium, 263 bdls pipe,
106 lbs dried peas, SO bdls paper, .W) bdlsplck
ets. 10,160 lbs rolled barley. 7 colls rope. 202
pkgs car and railroad material, 55(j4 lbs spices,
1979 lbs seeds, 15 pkga- boots and shoes, 5 bxs
scap. »0 bdls steel. 5 cs and 5877 gals wine,
41 pkgB ship chandlery^ 8105 lbs tallow. 19 coils
wire. 15 pkgs wagon and carriage material.
The steamer also carried a shipment of treas
ure, consisting of 75,000 Mexican dollar.s. :
THE NEW TORPEDO-BOAT, DE
STROYER WHICH HAS PASS
ED A FINAL. TRIAL.
Good, luck attended the launching of
the handsome steel tug Sea Rover last
night. at the Fulton Engineering and
Shipbuilding Yards. Harbor View.
Punctually at 11 o'clock little Hazel
Hanell, daughter of Harry Hanell, chief
engineer of the works, ascended the plat
form and with the breaking of a bottle
of champagne over the/ bows she spoKe
the words. "I christen thee Sea Rover."
The vessel gracefully glided , through an
avenue of electric lights and several hun
dred cheering people into the waters of
the bay. ¦ . ,
Whistles of steamships sounded their
shrieking congratulations, and voices of
the witnesses of the interesting ceremony
sent up ringing cheers, and the flag of
the United States fluttered proudly at the
.Dow and stern
TRIUMPH FOR BUILDERS.
It was a triumph for the shipbuilders.'
the designer and the owners, the Ship
owners' and Merchants' Tugboat Com
pany,"and also an evidence of the triumph
of the shipbuilding industry of San Fran
cisco. '.
A- prettier or "more unusual sight could
not be imagined than the launching o'
the "Sea Rover" as she glided away from
the illumination of the scores t»f powerful :
electric lights; Into the dark of the night.
The tug awaiting to take her in tow j
looked like a spectre as she came stealing
quietly alongside of her, and the people
who dotted the shore waving their white
handkerchiefs and hats in the air seemed
like so many 'phantoms.
The launching had , been wisely post
poned by James Spiers, Jr., the general,
manager, from the previous night that
the tide might possibly, assure more safety
for "the operation.
His judgment proved to be good, for the
tide last night: was all that could be de
sired and consequently there were hearty
congratulations exchanged between all
concerned.
DIMENSIONS OF VESSEL.
The "Sea Rover" is a steel boat de
signed by A. Austin Sperry and is of the
following dimensions:
Length over all, 128 feet; length between
perpendicular, 120 feet; beam molded, 24 feet
« Inches; depth at side, 15 feet. Her hull is
steel and engines compound, cylinders 17 Inches
and 41 inches, stroke 28 inches; boiler is 10
feet 6 inches In diameter and 16 feet 10 inches
Ion*: steam steering gear; luel capacity, 50,000
gallons of oil.
', Among .those who witnessed the night
launching of the "Sea Rover" were:
Mrs. D. H. Dexter. Mrs. Jennie Laws. Mrs.
Louis Kwlatkowskl. Mr. and Mrs. • W. A. Fol
ger, Mre. G. " W. DIckson. Miss. Lucy White.
Miss Flora Guenther, Miss Hazel Hanell, Wil
liam F. Hanell Miss May Haley, Miss Ceclle
O'Brien.. Miss May Law, Miss Zoe Elgle, Karl
J Peterson. James Spiers Jr., A. Austin Sper
ry Harry Hanell. and many of the employes
of the Fulton Engineering and Shipbuilding
Works.
Many* of Mr. 1 Sperry's and Mr. Spier's
friends were aboard the "Sea Rover"
when she was launched and were after
ward transferred to the tug and landed
at one of the city's wharves.
COOS BAY — Arrived May 8 — Schr Monterey,
from Siuslaw River. r
T1LLAMOOK— Arrived May 8— Stmr W H
Kruger, hence May 5. , "' ' ' '
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 8— Stmr Che
halis. for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Passed in May 8— Schr Ameri
cana; from San Pedro; schr K K Wood, from
San Pedro; stmr tsanta Ana, hence May 5, for
Seattle.
Passed out May 8 — Schr Mary E Foster, for
Honolulu; schr John D Tallant, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Pleiades, for San Francisco; schr
Excelsior, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Arrived May 8 — Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence May 6; - stmr Coqullle River,
from Fort Brags.
Sailed May S— Stmr Ruth, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Pasadena, for Eureka.
HUENEME— Sailed May S— Schr James A
Garfleld, for Port Blakeley. . . . ¦
TACOMA— Sailed May S— Stmr Mlneola. for
Seattle.
PORT TOWNSEND — Passed in. May 8— Schr
Meteor, from. San Pedro.
. SEATTLE — Arrived May 7 — Stmr Dolphin,
from Alaska: stmr City of Seattle, from Skag
way; stmr Rainier, hence May 4: U S stmr
Thetis, hence May 3; US stmr Bear, to sail
May 0. May 8— Stmr Dlrigo. from Skagway.
Sailed May 8— Stmr John S Klmball, for San
Francisco. • ,
ASTORIA— Arrived May 8— Stmr Alliance,
hence Ma:' 4. ¦•¦,;_,
• Sailed May 8 — Stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco: schr Alcalde, for San Francisco.
UMPQUA- Sailed May 7-— Schr Lily, for San
Francisco. ¦ " _
SIUSLAW RIVER— Sailed May - 7— Stmr
Acme, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived May 8— Stmr Arctic,
hence May 7; «tmr Pomona, hence May i; stmr
Acme, from Siuslaw River, for San Francisco:
schr Bertha Dolbeer, from San Pedro; bktn
Geo C Perkins, hence May 1.
EASTERN PORT.
SAVANNAH — Arrived May 8— Bark St
James, from New. York.
FOREIGN PORTS.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed May 2— Ship Sam
Skolfield II, tor Port Townsend.
USHANT — Passed May 7 — Br stmr Pem
brokeshire, from Portland," for United King
dom. ~' '
COLON — Sailed May : 6 — Stmr - Alllanca. .for
New Yorte.
Arrived May 6 — Stmr • Fipance, from New
York. -". ..
FALMOUTH— Sailed May 6 — Ship Aryan, for
Southampton. May 7— Br ship Afon Alaw, for
Fle«*wood.
! HAMBURG— Sailed May 4 — Br ship St
Enoch, for Santa Rosalia.
LEITH — Sailed May 7 — Br ship Lord Elgin,
for I'v^et Sound.
VLADIVOSTOK — Sailed . May C — Br-_- stmr
Claverlnr, for Tacoma.
HONGKONG— Sailed May 7 — Br stmr Indra
velllj for Portland. .
DOVER— Passed May 7— Ger -stmr Menes,
from Hamburg, for San Francisco. _ .
MAZATLAN — Sailed May S — Br stmr Guate
mala, for San Francisco. '
DENMAN ISLAND — Sailed" May S — Schr
Forester, for Santa Rosalia.
FLOW OF RIVEKS.
The following table gives a comparative
statement for ¦ several years of the . estimated
flow of ¦ certain California rivers In cubic feet
per second, or ¦ second feet, one second foot
equaling 50 California miner's Inches, or about
40 Colorado miner's Inches. The figures are "by
J. B. Lipplncott, hydrographer ot United States
Geological Survey: :
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. -For. ~ I.Sails.
Dolphin.. Skagway& Way Ports. IMay 9
Bertha , Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 10
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. May 11
Al-Kl........ Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
DIrJgo. Skagway & Way Ports. May 12
Cottage City. Skagway&. Way Ports. May 15
Santa Ana... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. May 16
City Topeka.. Rkagway &¦• Way ¦ Ports. May 20
Excelsior. ... Cooks Inlet & Way Ports May 25
J. S. Kimball Nome : direct' ..::../.... May 25
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive - tides - of : the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, "a»
sometimes occurs. '•• The given are In
addition to I the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and. then the number
given Is subtracted from the - depth ; Riven by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters." . \
TULE RIVER AT McFARLANDS BRIDGE.
Second Feet.
. DATE. : —
1901. : 1902..
April 27....... :. '...• 324
April 28......... .-..-¦ 3:t8..
April 29. i "... 351
April 30. ..... ;. ... 351
May I,...' •• " '40S .",51 •
May 2...*;. ........ . ....:... 408 • :!5l
May. 3....' V. ........ 379 .324
Icings river at, red mountain. •
1 Second Feet.
DATE." ¦ — i :-.
' 19C1. [ 1902.
April 27.*.. 8.2201 2584
April 28 ...:. 7,910 ,2718 •
.April 2d.r:v: ...:...:... 0,200 »S52 =
April 30. :..... . I 10.480 ::7C0 .
May 1... . :...:.:... 6,000 3440
May 2.. :.-. 1 5,548 StXK)
May 3..:.. .....v. .:........{ 5.54S.: ."920
;' TUOLUMNE RIVER AT LA GRANGE..
' ... v Second Feet.
DATE. _ : — -M— ¦: --
' ;.- . .1901:. I 1902.
April, 27.... ...;.. ..¦:..S... H007 ;14IO X
April 28 :...-. -v. ........ 5767 . ,, 20liu
April2!l K0O7 ', 22 V S3
Aprirao. . . . ..... . . ......... y. 7077 . | :tioo:
May 1...................... 5102 f.. :w:;o
May 2. . . . . . . .... . . : . . ....:. 4.".27 I :::«.-,
May 3.. V... :.:.,.; :...;¦.:. 4(il7 l : .T!45
SACRAMENTO RIVER AT ' JELLYS FERRY.
.-.¦-- "¦"". ! ":- ;• : ' ¦' '" , '¦.'!. K^contlFeetr:"
DATE.. . [ -—.\- .'
... .! .1001: i laor.*-
April 27.... ¦ ..'. :TH -0.21H) | . 15,2(JD
April 2S.. ...r • ..1 i),r.(!0 • | i4,:;cu ;
April, 29. ........'. | 1H,700 I - l.),7Sl>;-
April so.-.'.: — :.-. : . :-.i* : 'i<:,7on: | i.s,.s::o
May 1 . : . .........". : .. . I i::.7i:0 - 1 22,'Jl.i ,
May 2.:.':.:... :.......:.... V.'.HCO ! la.lln
May 3. .." . . : . . .... . . . .'. . .; ..| 12.200 \ ; 17.3W
Time Ball.
Branch . Hyarographlc Office, U. S. -N.', Mer
¦ chant*' ¦ Exchange, * San ¦ Francisco, • Cal..'
, .May 8. 1902. ... • . ., . . .. ' ¦.
. - The Time -Ball on' the tower of the -Ferry
building was dropped exactly ; at " noon - to-day.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
- ' r ' Thursday, May S.. .
Stmr Point • Arena, Hansen, .15 hours from
Mendocino. • ¦ • . ¦ v, • \
Stmr Gualala, "Weber,. 11 hours from Bihlers
Point. ¦ • . • i :
Stmr Edith, Hall. 100 hours from -Seattle.
Stmr Robert Dollar, Johnson, 47 hours from
Redondo. ¦ -.-•>''. •- - - S ¦•¦¦•
. Stmr Celia,.Hogan, 42 hours from Eureka.
' Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka. ¦'¦.'•¦' . •' • ! ¦ ..
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicolson, 84 hours from
Newport. .• I ¦'¦¦ ¦ , '„ ' ' : . .. V-. .
• ¦ Stmr ¦' Mandalay, Batchelder, ¦¦: Bandon, : via
Crescent City 38. hours. .-.; ¦ : ' .- • '
¦ Stmr Santa Rosa, ' ' Alexander, 5 43 * hcurs from
San Dle^o.' ; • • . • . ¦,¦,-¦;
£ . Stmr . Newport. Saunders, 25 ' days • 18 ¦ hours
from Panama. ' .".',• ".'¦?:.'=.
Schr John F " Miller; *Jahseh,~ C' days, from
Coos Bay. ... ¦
Schr: Newark, Nielsen, from Stewarts Point;
ui> river direct. > • ¦¦ . . •
Schr Ida A, Campbell, "4 houra from. Point
Reyes. .¦ ' . .
CLEARED.
¦ • -i .-. :y ,; Thursday," May "8.
Stmr San Jose, Irvine, Panama: P. M SS Co.
Stmr Aztec, Trask, Nanaimo; P;M SS Co. .
SAILED.
' •¦ ". •' , - Thursday, May's. 1 ,
Stmr Aztec. .Trask; Nanaimo. ¦ ¦ .*
Stmr" National City/ Johnson, : Fort' Bragg.
Stmr Ceo "W Elder.: Randall, Astoria;,; .^
Stmr. San Jose, .Irvine, .Panama. * .
Stmr Suite of California, 'Thomas, San "Diego.
Stnir Navarro, Devitt;: . • --:'
Br. ship Socotra, Hardle. : Melbourne. ¦ *
TELEGRAPHIC.
I POINT.*LOB0S,VMay>8.- .10; d m— Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity ; 28 miles per.-hour. .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
¦iBOWENS LANDING- Arrived MavS— Stnir
Redwood City, hence May 7. ' ¦
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
G. Dollar... Fairhaven |May J»
Phoenix Mmdoclno City IMay 9
Despatch San Pedro May t)
Algea M&nlla via Moji May ft
Coronado .... San Pedro May 9
Rival Willapa Harbor May 0
Newburg Grays Harbor May 9
North Fork.. Humboldt May 9
Tltanla...:.. Nanaimo ....... May 10
Santa Monica Humboldt j... May 10
Pleiades..... Oyster Harbor May 10
Pomona Humboldt May 10
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way Ports May 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria IMay 10
Pern ."... China & Japan IMay 10
Lakme Portland & Astoria IMay 10
Chehalls Grays Harbor May 11
G.C.Lindauer Grays Harbor.... May 11
Coob Bay San Pedro & Way Ports. May 11
J. S, Klmball Seattle * Tacoma ...... May 11
Prtntiss. A.r. . San • PeflfoV..". .'. . . . TT.. ." May 11
Argc :... Eel River Ports ........ May 12
Arctic.....!. Humboldt .............. May 12
Euieka...... Humboldt ,|May 12
Queen.:..... Puget Sound Ports. IMay 12
Slate of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. (May 12
Ventura .. Sydney ¦&. Way Ports. .'.I May '13
fierapls Hamburg & Way Ports. I May 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena .V. .... IMay 10
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports May 15
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria May 15
Rainier...... Whatcom direct ..:./... May IS
Bonita. Newport & Way Ports. May 15
Coptic China & Japan ..: May IT
Umatilla..... Prget Sound Ports..... May 17
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. |May 19
The Perry will be the fastest destroyer
in the navy. She did better than thirty
knots on her last trial, but the ferry-boat
captains that saw her shoot down the bay
yesterday are all ready to swear that she
was traveling at more than sixty miles
an hour.
Henry T. Scott said yesterday that he
had received no details of the destroyer's
performances, but had been informed that
she had given satisfaction in every par
ticular and had been accepted by the
Government.
The Perry as first turned out was a
failure. Her model proved unsatisfactory.
She was speedy, but when she traveled
fast she dragged too much of the bay
after her. Her stern was remodeled and
now Ehe reels off thirty knots without
disturbing the surrounding water to any
appreciable extent.
Captain Fenton of the Farragut has had
charge of the recent trials, and Captain
George Harvey has acted as pilot. The
Perry will be sent to Mare Island and be
placed in commission just as soon as the
formal transfer has been made.
tract requirements and will be
turned over to the Government in a few
days. The last trial was made yesterday,
when she gave a continuous performance
which satisfied the naval board in charge
that the Union Iron Works had delivered
the goods and that the Perry was worthy
of adoption by Uncle Sam.
AFTER trials sufficiently rigid and
frequent to amount to tribula
tions the torpedo-boat destroyer
Perry has fulfilled all her con-
There Is absolutely no difficulty with the
brotherhood, and when the few who are stir
ring up this contention cease their reprehensi
ble conduct the matter will be settled and
Tade out of existence. This is the sentiment
>f thirty-seven out of thirty-nine unions of the
ouilding trades, and when the disgruntled two
art- refused support by the outside mischief
aiakers the matter will be at an end.
Seventh, that since the controversy began
:he membership of 4s:{ has dwindled down from
WO members <clalmed) to 1R+ <as shown by the
rote on May 5. J0C2). and since the last named
late others have withdrawn, leaving little or
no opposition to the Hulldlng Trades Council.
Taking these facts into consideration, the
Building Trades Council proposes to continue in
the same manner that it has thus far success
fully managed the mechanical end of the build
ing business in this city, and does not propose
to have outside influences magnify an insig
nificant controversy in which 150 disgruntled
fermonm ere endeavoring- to create strife and
trouble in the building business. The con
iractors understand the situation and are sat
.fified; the journeymen are satisfied and are
working.
Sixth, that the Master Builders of San Fran
cisco, having investigated the question, have
heard both sides and have decided, unani
mously, to sustain the Building Trades Coun
cil.
Fifth, that every member of every carpen
ter's union has three timi»s voted upon the
fubject, first as above stated, second by a vote
nf seven to one in favor of the Building: Traded
Council, and third, by a vote of 381 to 18 sus
la'ninir the Building Trades Council.
Fourth, that every member of every union
affiliated with the Building Trades Council
that voted on the constitution and by a vote
of five in favor to one against, has sustained
the position of the Building Trades Council.
Third, that paid action Is prosecuted by H.
W. Hutton. appointed by llayor Schmitz as
Police Commissioner, and counsel for the
unions affiliated with the San Francisco Labor
Council and the Musicians' Mutual Protective
Association, of which Mayor Schmitz is presi
dent. Is a member.
Second, thai Union 4S3 has taken the mai
ls.- into court and has sought by injunction to
goiern the affairs ot organized labor.
First, that the Building Trades Council is
fu!ly capable of taking tare of its own busi
ness.
The public prints of to-day contained state
ments to the effect that Mayor Schmitz pro
poses to adjust the difficulty now existing be
iv.epii this Council and 483.
Wo strenuously resent this action or pro
pcfi-d action ujwn the following grounds:
The Mayor's efforts to adjust the dif
ferences of the warring factions may not
result in much, however. In view of the
following statement, which was issued
last evening by the Building Trades
Council:
KESENTS MAYOR'S ACTION.
Mayor Schmitz evidently fears that the
council may be brought into the contro
versy and he has accordingly asked to
see the officials of the council with a
view to arriving at a settlement of the
matter. An early consultation will be
held, and ail those who are interested in
the building trades are looking forward
to the future with anxiety. Meanwhile
tlie participants in the struggle are rest
ing on their oars, waiting to see what
will turn up.
It was currently reported last night that
Ihe Labor Council would take a hand in
the settlement of the trouble, inasmuch
as Carpenters' Union No. 4S3 is affiliated
with the council. It is claimed that if the
Building Trades Council becomes too ob
ttinate the Labor Council will simply
call out the stevedores and teamsters who
handle building materials. Shouid thia
action to taken the effect upon the build
ing industry at this time would be most
eerious. That the carpenters of Union
No. 483. which Is affiliated with the coun
cil, have the sympathy of the members
of the council goes without saying.
The business agents of the carpenters'
unions still affiliated with the Building
Trades Council called oft four men from
buildings yesterday because they ¦were
working with members of Union No. 4S3.
which the council has tabooed. The men
were taken to other jobs and promptly
put to work. While the master builders
nave given their support to the Building
Trades Council, they have done nothing
thus far to precipitate an open rupturo
between the warring factions. The build
ing industry is exceedingly active at the
present time and carpenters are In good
demand. It follows therefore that when
a. carpenter who has a card from Union
No. 22 is called off from one job where
members of Union No. 4S3 are employed
he is taken at once to another job, where
he remains until his presence is discov
ered by the business agent, when the pro
cedure Is re-enacted. In this way the
building operations are not seriously af
fected, and it is now believed that the
trouble Is gradually dying: av.ay.
BUSINESS AGENTS ACTIVE.
The members of the brotherhood who
ere standing out against the Building
Trades* Council because of Its support ot
t'nion No. 22, which was suspended froiii
the brotherhood because of a violation of
the ruies of the brottifcrhood, are receiv
ing hearty support from loyal unions in
all parts of the State. At a meeting of
ibe new district council of the brotner
hood last night a series of resolutions
adopted by the union of carpenters at Point
Kichmond were received. The resolutions
indorsed the stand taken by the brother
hood locals and asserted that no member
of the Point Richmond Union would work,
with or recognize any member of Mc-
Carthy's Union No. £2. The members of
that union were designated as "scabs"
and all members of the brotherhood were
cautioned against working with any men
who were not affiliated with the brother
hood.
w
The troubles existing between the
Building Trades Council and the unions
of the United Brotherhood of Carpenters
and Joiners have not yet been settled. The
mediation of Mayor Schmitz has been In
vited and that official consulted witL sev
eral parties to the dispute yesterday. No
p!;in for the settlement of the controversy
was advanced, and it is hardly expected
that the matter will be adjusted within
the month. ';" . > /
Course of Brotherhood Men
Is Indorsed by Outside
Unions.
Fine Tug Built by Fulton
Works Receives Her
Baptism.
FightAmong Carpenters'
Unions as Bitter as
Ever.
In the Darkness of Night
Sea Rover Takes to
the. Water.
TROUBLES NOT
YET SETTLED
SAFELY LAUHCH
STEEL VESSEL
PERRY COMES THROUGH TRIAL
WITH SATISFACTION TO NAVY
Remodeled Thirty-Knot Torpedo-Boat Destroyer^Fulfills Requirements
of Contract and Will Be Accepted From Union Iron Works by
Uncle Sam, Whose Representatives Witness ' Her V Performance
TELE , SAJN JfKAJN U1BCO . CAIili, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902;
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS^^^^
Inside of Polk Street.
137:6x137:6. SUNNY CORNER.
Rents S4284 a Year,
This Pays 7 Per Cent Net.
1 . . - ' . '¦¦ ¦
Thomas Magee & Sonsi
5 MONTGOMERY STREET.
4 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
OF AHATOaY^
9 @ i 5 5iaA2SET;i.ti*..S'i47i,s.r.:ii. A
\ ty The L^reest Anatomical Museum in the \
B ¦pj^-.g. World. We»k»ejses or my contracted A
0 / SjS: D b P eaalist on Ihe Coast. Est. 36 yrars. 0
1 fllJgfg DR - JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ IH©3 Consultation frte and stii'tly Frlnfe. \
a j J$r£ ft Treatment p?rson?!ly or by );:ter. A Q
\ H W wB r™it>** Cwt in etery case undertaken. T
Aeft tlR> Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
f * 1 1 \\4 niRRlACE, MAILED FREE. (AY
A ii IJf valuable book for m»n ) \
Y DR. JUS9A.V A CO.. 1051 Market St..S. P. V
"D "D TT C 1U 17 C for barbers, bak-
DriUOliijO ers - bootjacks, bath-
MJXV KJ ktjlxjiukj houses, billiard tables,
bowers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
bangers. , printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
KUCHAiNAn' BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 603 Sacramento St
IL HALLWAY. TBAVEL.V--_- : -_ .y.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave lXsir\L*t-«irr*i Ferry Depot
EocaT Liimd Ovrl'a Local
Diily Dally Dally Pall/'
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a O:Of>a 8 00 p 4:20 p
1 Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p . :13 p
• Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 P
" Fresno... 2:03 p 2:35 p 3:15 a! 10:30 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p S : JK> a
•• Visalla.. 3:39p( 5:00 a
••Eakersfld 6:15 p 5:20 p .:45 a
•• Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
•• Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 pi
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9 00 a m. train is the California Lim-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Din ins Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakerifleld for accommodation of
local Hrst-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:03 a. m. dally.
4-^0 p. m is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local". Corresponding train arrives at 12:00
p ro. daily.
8 P- m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sieepers an1
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; als>
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
¦ Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
i 7 :20 a. m. Is Balcersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at R:40a. m. daily.
I Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
I Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakiand^ ><iB^^^ m wmmmmmm J
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD,
Via Sansalito Ferry,
" Commencing Anil 27, vjiKi.
FROM SA-N KKANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, «7:45. S: 43. 9:30.-11:00
a. m.. 12:20. *1:43. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *ti:lS.
ti:45 U:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:45 a. m. does not
run 'to Mill Valley. .
SUNDAYS — 7:W). 8:00, »3:00. '10:00, 11:00.
11:30 a. m,, 12:30. Tl:30. 2:30. *3:45. 5:00, 6:00.
7:30. H:45. 11:45 d. m.
- Trains marked (•) run to "San Quentln.
FKO&l SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FKAM CISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »«:20. 7:40. 8:15. «»:ay
11:00 a. m., 12:25, 2:13. *3:30. 4:10. 5:30. 6:45.
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 6:00. »S:00, 9:30. »ll:00 a. in
•12:00 m.. 1:00, 2:15. «3:30. 4:15, »3:45. 6:43l
7:30, 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:43. S:25. tt:4a"
11:10 a. no.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 3:2O.,7:loi
! 10:15 t>. m. . - .
I SUNDAYS — 6:30. 7:55. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.
! 12:15. 1:20. 2:30.-3:45. 5:0W. ti:C5. 7:15. 10:40
"* m ' I THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. '
6:15 • P. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 a. m. SundsrVs — Ca^adsro and way
I stations. ¦ .
10:00 a. m. . Sundays-'-Polnt Reyes and . way
stations. ¦• ' ; .-
Legal Holiday boat3 and trains will run on
Sunday ,tlme. . .
. ¦ Ms^-v^rrr"" r OllOW
AW^ the
AXD YOU DO NOT PAY
EXOFSS FARE
TO NEW YORK CITY.
Ask "Asents for. Particulars.
WabashLine
I They have the finest tourist car service from
j Chicago to Boston and New. York points.. ¦
I .C. S. CRANK. O. P. <& T. A5t_. St. Louis, Mo.
i, ROb'S-C. CLINE. P. C. P. A.. Lcs Anse-
j les. Cal.
HOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave I Via Sausalttu Kerry Arrive
. San Kran. | Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- | _ ,,v-- , ~Sun- t Weelc
Days. duy S . i .^"'•* lrf " 'T^T daw. Da^s.
I::::::::: 'Si: ;SS<r: %X::r
' -j£-:r- 2::a) r. op«°»"tp«^>^r^a..i. h;t 5 p _
i "MTliiPMS OlfT— I^»t, T«« m 9-.M ,. ,rrt- . b« FraneiKO USb r.
>-., TU.n0iS«B,C:1 Jiil^t bTOE-T »nl 8ACSJLUTO FXiWT.
BATLWAT TBAVZL.
southern"paci fic
Train, "*
(Main Line, Toot of Market Street)
li-BAT-E — FBOM APKII. 30. 1903. — ABltIT-8
~7 00a Benlcla, Suisun. Elmlra and Sacra- ~~~
n-ent> Sff
7.0UA V«c»vitle. Winters, Ramsey.. ...... 7.65*
7.30a Martinez. San Ramon, \ allejo.
Xapa. Callstosta, Santa Rosa. 8-25P
8 00a Davis. Woodland, Knights Landing,
Maryavllle, Oroville 7.55f
8.00a Atlantic Express-Ogden and East. 8.25a
8.00a Mies, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25?
8 00a Xllcs. Mendota, Hanford, Visalla, _
Porterrllle 4E5f
8.30a, Shasta Express— Darts, Williams
' (for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland 7-55f
8 30a San Jo»e, LlTermore, Stocfeton,
lone, Sacramento. Placerville.
' Marysvllle, CWco, Red Blnff 4-2SP
8.30a 0*kdale,Clilnese,Sonora,Tuolu-iin8 4.25P
9.00a Vallejo 12.25?
9 00a Lo» Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Kaymond, Fresno and Loo Angeles 8-2o a
9.30a Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station* 7.55r
tiO.OOA Haywurd. Jtlles and Way Stations. t12.55?
10 00a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicago. 5-25i»
t100i» Sacramento Ulver Steamers til.OOr
3.00? Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento,
. . Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville. Oroville 1055*
3 JSOr Hayward. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.5Si*
4.00P Mart!nez.SanRamon,Vallejo,:Napa,
Callttoga, Santa Ro»i» - 025a
4.00p Nile*. Llvennore, Stockton. Lodl.. 12.25F
4.30P Hayward,XlIe».SanJose,LlTermoTO tB 55a
4.30p The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare.
Bakersfield, Saa-rus for Santo
Barbara, Lo« Angeles 8-55a
5.00p FortCosta.Tracy,Latlirop,Stockton 10 2a*
- 5.0QF Martinez. Anttoch. Stockton. Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25p
t5.30p Nile* Local ; 725a
6-OOp Hayward. X llea and San Jose 7.55a
t6.00i- Vallejo 1L25a
6.00p Oriental Mall — Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis. Chicago 4.25r
7.00f San Tablo. Tort Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
- J7.00? Vallejo 7.55*
805p Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysville, Reddlnjr.
Portland. Pi-get Sound and East. 8.55a
_J!M0r Hayward and Klles t11 S5a
COAST LINE (-Narrow Gauge).
(Foot of Market. Street.)
J7.45* Santa Cruz Excursion J3.Q5r
8.15a Newark, Centervllle. San . Jose.
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Crnz and Way Stations 550?
t2.15? Kfiwart. Centervllle. San Jose.
New A'maden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.1 5f Newark, San Joce. Loo Gatoa....... +8. 50 a
64.1 5p San Jooe. I.os Gat or. Santa Cruz... c8.50*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN .FRANCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— 1::15 9:00. 11:00 a.m. -1.00 3C0 6.15p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — tti:0O tS:<JO
- • t3:05 10:tiO-A.». ¦ 1200 2C0 400 p.m.
COAST LINE < Broad Uins-e).
il'nlrd and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6-40 a
t7.00A Saa Jose and Way btatlons +8.00*
7.00a New Almaden.. /4.10i»
J7.15* Monterey Excursion iS.3C?
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gi'roy, Salinas, San Luis Oblspo.
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
-"¦• Principal Intermediate Stations. 10-45?
9.00a San Jam. Tres Finos. Santa Crnz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, Sin Lnls
- * obisTH) and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30* San Jose and Way Station*.... 8.35a
11.33a San Jose and Way Stations 9.4Sa
o1.30p San Jose and Way Stations <r7CQy
t2 45p San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
s-anta Clara, San Jose. Tre.i
Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas. Det
Monte, Monterey tnd Paciflc
Grove t10-45A
3-30P San Jose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Cruz and Way Stations 7.30t» .
t4-15P San Jose and PrlncIpaiWayStations 5 3Cp
15-COp >»n «o»e. Los Oatos and Principal
Way Stations *3 PfU
5.3Qp San Jose and l'Tlncipal Way Statics* 6-30p
6.30i» Sun Jose and Way stations 7.3CP
7.00r N«w Orlenni Express — San Luis
Ob!spo, Santa Barhant, Los An-
peli'9, Deminc El Paso, New
Orleans and East...^ 10.30a
«11.45i* San .losnaml WaySutyins
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. . t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. « Monday only.
6 Saturday and . .^Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday oaly.
GALli'OKNIA NORTHWESTERN UY. CD
LESSEES
SAW rEANGISGO ANJ N03TJ PACiriJ
UA1L.AVAY COMPANY.
Tiburou Kerry, Foot of .Market St.
SAN FUAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:ao. 9:00. 11 :oo a m.: 12:M
d:oO, 3:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
?* 11:3 ° P- ™- Saturdays — Extra trips At
¦ l:aO and ll:2o p. m.
sl k N !£ A Jtr S:00 ' S>:3 °- 11:C0 *• m -' 1:30 « 3:3 °-
SA.N HAt Alii, TO SAX KRAXCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— « :05. 7:35. 7:o0. 0:20, 1115
a. m: 12:5u. 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays
—Extra trips at 2:05 and 0:35 p. m.
SLN;DAYS-S:00 0:40. 11:13 a. rn.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:5a. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect ' I Arrive
Sait Franclscol May 4. 1902. |g an Francisco
Week j Sun " I Destina- I Sun- I Week
Days. I gays. | tlon. \ lay.. |
"•%n n^ a Isnacio 9:10 a 8:40 a
S^lftS l'-'& ¦ xr and 10:40 a 10:2ft a
o.lOp 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
; . 7:35 p
a | Petaluma 10:40 a| 8:40 a
r'Y,. P ? Oa ' and 6:05p|10-20a
S:lUvt6:uopi Santa Kosa 7:35y,ttl20p
, -^ ! Fulton [ T^" '-
7:<>Ca l . ; "Windsor 10*20 a
r5:C0p Healdsburc 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservlll*
8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 1 6 :20 p
7:30 a( 8:00 a| Hopland (10:40 allO-20 a
J:30p!5:wp| Uiclah .. l7:35p|« :^S
7:30 af 3:00 a| Wllllta ; I 7^35 nl7^7 .
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Guerneville I 7:33~piro~'io"a
Q.-30PI &:oo P | .. |lO:40a| tti^S
. -Sjg a sis a seba3topo1 ,
• Stages connect at Santa Rosa tn- \To»>
West Spring and White Sulphur Swln^ft
Fulton for Altruria; at" Lytton for fytto-i
Springs: at Gejrservllle for Skagss Sbrlne»"«
Cloverdale for the Geysers and "boo&vU?!-- L
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland I SortneV
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs. Soda bLI ¦?***'
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah forVich"
springs Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurrt
Deft Lake Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Po^
Potter \ alley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerleys
Bueknell's. Sanhedrtn Heights, Hullvllle Orr'i
Hot .Springs. Half-Way House. Comptche
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendocino City For*
Bragg. Westport. Usal ; at Wllllts for ' Sher*
wood. • Cahto. Covelo. Laytonville. Cummlnn
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen'a. Dyer. Pepoer^
wood. Scotia and Eureka. • ,
Saturday to - Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ¦
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Sun Rafael at half rates.
bunding ° tflC *" Market 8treet - Chronicle
H. 1"' WIIITTXG. R. X. RTAX.
;. faen. Manager. Gen. Pass Asrt.
i Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
! «*VQl2a^** KEARXY.ST. Established
I SSriC^M i' !l is:m tor tlie treatment of Private
i i «fl _lfVii&! 1> ' W: "". '-o^t jilmiuood. ¦ Deblllcy or
•*Wfl(§fii»'i5w' ll^ <>!>s " xv P;iriiiSr'>it liody anil mind and
1 ' S*Sf«O* 1 skl:1 UiwHses. TheDoctorcureswiien
' to^iS'* 1 3LfXSi otI " >rs ' ;li! - ' rv h ''»- «'harstps low.
I CallorwrUa.
; »r. J. 1'. liUtm>.%. ttan Fraucisco, C*L . /
ADVEBTISEME1JTS; 7 **^
Hops*
Yeast*
-^^^^^ Filtered Water,
m^*jjT^\y$% m '^ This combination maKea
the "King of Bottled Beers." Every bottle is
labeled and every cork is plainly branded
"Budtoeiser" so there can be no substitute.
The product of j'
Anheuser-Buseh Brewing Ass n
St. Louis. U. S. "A.
Xrevers aUo ef Black O Tan. Anheuaer-Standard. Pale-L»ser.
Faust. Export Pale. Exquisite. Michelob and MoU-JVatrin: _ ,
All orders promptly filled toy
E. G. LYONS & KAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.HIDES AND SKINS— Culls . and brands sell
about l%c under, quotations. , Heavy *alted
Steers, '.,10%@He: medium. 0%@10c; light, S&
9c Cow Hides. 0c for' heavy' and 8@8%c for
light;* Stags. 0%@7c; V Salted - Kip, 8%©9c;
Salted Veal, 0(&9%c; - Salted Calf, 10c; Dry
Hides. 15©16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry, Kip. ll@i;tu;
Dry Calf, 16@18c: Culls - and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins,' shearlings," 20@30c> each; short
Wool, 1 35(ffi00c each: medium, 65@75c; long
Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,- salt,'. $2 76
@3' for r large 1 and: $2 25@2 50 for medium," $1
for small and'50c for Colts; Horse Hides, dry,
$l"75 for large, $1 25@l 50 for medium,. $1 for
smallrand' 50c ; for ¦¦;; Colts. ; Buck.Sklns — Dry
Mexican, 32%c;'. dry salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American, 32%c. .'Goaf Skina — Prime
The market for all descriptions remains th«
same,- Wool being dull, ; 'Hops nominal and
Hides firm with an upward tendency. All quo
tations remain a» before. -
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash quotations were as follows: -Flour
steady. No. 3 Spring Wheat, 72 W@74%c-: No
2 Red, 81c; No. 2 Oats, 42W,c; No.. 1 White!
44%c; No. 3 White, 43%@41c;No. 2 Rye/'53%
Articles — Opening. High. Low Clns<»
May 73% 74\ 73% 74%
July 74%* 74% 74%- .74%
s r;rTz.-h- 73% 73% £*BP
July ::::::::::: ;S8 S5<- i|||i|
September . 59% 60 . 59% " coq?
Oats ' No. 2 — . . ¦ '*
May 41 43% 41 42
July, old.r..... 33% 34% 3.1>4 34%
July, new 35% 36% 35 noi|
September, old. 28% 29% 28% ' 29%
September, new 30% 31 30 30^'
Mess Pork, per bbl — . '*
May ....' ..16 95, 17 10 10 95 17 10
July 17 00 17 25 17 00 17 25
September 17 12% 17 30 17 12% 17 30
Lard, per 100 lbs— ' ¦ .
May 10 17% 10 20 10 17^4 10 20
July 10 15 10 25 . 10 15 " 10 22%
September 10 22% 10 27% 10 221/10 27% '
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— : • . "\
May. 9 60 9 05 9 60 9 65
July .......'.... 0 57% 9 67% 9 57% 9 65
September . 0 62% 9 72% 9 67% 9 70 '
Feedstufts .continue firnv and Hay ig s t;n
quoted weak. Reports » from ,the country Indi
cate a shorter Hay staple this year, lowing pru
sumatly to the cold spring. If this proves' true
it will materially reduce the, output o'' thl
State In tons. Otherwise the plant is healthv
and of good color. r— / > ,, ™ ;"'
H The San Francisco Hay Exchange estimates
the amount- of Hay. remaining In the country
available for this market at 80,000 tons aww
25,000 tone in 1901 and 75,000 tons in iooo -
BRAN— $17<&18 50 per ton. ., ™™.
¦ : MIDDLINGS-^$21@22 per ton.
•FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled .•'.'Barley. - $21@21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26- job
bing, $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal,; $29 50(330;'. Cracked Corn, $30 50@31;
MIxed^Feed, $16017 ; Cottonseed Meal $20 60.
;:-,,; HA Y^Wheat; $0<811 ; 50; ¦¦ Wheat. , and Oat,
Ha v and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. I $3 50®
3 75, usual -terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@;j 60;
Oregon, $2,75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', *3@
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows."- usual discounts to the trade;' Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $3;' nyVMeV?
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. S4<m
4 25; Buckwheat Flour. $4 50®4 75; Cracked
•Wheat. $3 50: Farina. $4 50; Whole 'Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $ 7 3S&i) . f^
sacks, $6 85@8 50: Pearl Barley, ?5 50: Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $0 50 per 100 lbs
Flour and ' Millstuffs.
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
#__ -, *
All classes of stocks were dull and feature
less yesterday morning.
In the afternoon Giant Powder was lower at
$78 25@78 62% 'and Pacific Gas rose to $40.
Occidental Oil was active at 20@22c.
The assessment of 50c on Kern River Oil
stock, levied April 26, falls delinquent in
board May 27.
It is reported that officials of the Alaska
Packers'.. Association have been in Vancouver.
B.C.,' conferring with 'Aemllus JarVls, who
came from Toronto to amalgamate the British.
Columbia canneries. .
The following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton, De Ruyter &
Co.: Common stock. $24 75@25 25: preferred.
SCOfiCO 75; 4 per cent bonds, $90 50@02; sub
scriptions, $101 75@102 12%.
The 5 per cent gold bonds of the California
Central Gas and Electric Company have been
listed at the Stock and Bond Exchange and
were called for the first time yesterday morn
ing, being quoted at $104 50 bid. $105 50 asked.
The Contra Costa "Water monthly dividend of
42c will be payable May 15. :
The Presidio and Ferries Railroad Company
has declared a monthly dividend . of 20e per
share, .which was the regular rate prior to
April, this year, when the amount was in
creased to 30c by an extra dividend of 10c
per share. : The dividend Just declared will be
payable on May 15.
The trustees of the San : Francisco Produce
Exchange, which Is In- dissolution, having been
absorbed by r the Merchants' Exchange, have
declared a final dividend of $7 80 to each of
the -200 members.. The total of; the dividends
U $1437 SO per member, or an aggregate of
$287,5liO. ¦ - ¦•
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. : May 8— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. ' •
,'•'.. :•.':" -Bld.Ask I , Bld.Ask.
4s qr POirp...311V,112 . ! *r qr c fnew)137-v,,v«w.;..
.is qr reg....lll;ill2 Ca qr coup. .108%109%
Chicago was strong with, a good demand and
'somewhat higher on-the day. Stocks were esti
mated as follows: New Pork, 49,000 barrels
old Pork, 7500 barrels; Lard, /41J000 tierces-
Ribs, 19,000,000 lbs. .
The San Francisco market , continues well
stocked and dull, and prices are still below the
level of Chicago. Hams are being sold at % c
under cost of importation. Most dealers want
to advance quotations to cover this discrepancy
and it may be done any day. - ; •
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 13c per lb for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light.
15c for extra light and 16c for sugar-cured -
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; Califor
nia Hams. 13%@14c: Mess Beef, $9®9 50 per
bbl: extra Mess, $10@10 CO; Family. $ll@
U 60- prime Mess Pork, $15 5O@16; extra clea
*23- Mess, $18 50^19: Dry SalfPork, $11 50&
12 50; Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked
Beef. -I3%@14e per- lb. ;. o
LARD— Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb' for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrels
pure 12%c; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
a-lb tins, 12% c. - . '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel,* 10%c; three
half-barrels. lOVJc; one i tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, lOVic; nve tierces, 10%c per lb. . \
Provisions.
NEW YORK, May 8. — Stocks recovered from
yesterday's weakness to-day, although there
was uncertainty manifest in the prevailing
eentiment. A more cheerful feeling over the
anthracite outlook is responsible for consider
able rebuying by short sellers of yesterday,
who professed confidence ¦ last night that a
strike could not be averted. The hesitation
which developed In the market was due to a
considerable extent to the action taken by the
mine workers' convention, which presents an
entirely new phase of the situation. The ac
tive coaler* reflected no misgiving after the
announcement of the miners' officers to arbi
trate, but they fell into comparative dullness.
The high-priced coalers offered the anomaly
of early weakness, while the Readings were
advancing and a Btrong recovery after the de
mand for Readings had largely died out. The
whele market fell into dullness in the latter
part of the day while waiting for the announce
ment of the reply of the anthracite operators
to the offer of the miners. The result Is that
the day's transactions are not much over half
those of yesterday. Outside the Readings the
principal activity was in St. Paul, Union Pa
cific, the local tractions and Southern Railway,
t'nlon Pacific and SL Paul were bought neav-
Jly for Western account, the attraction being
attributed to crop conditions. The referee'*
decision upholding the constitutionality of the
New York franchise tax law Induced some ac
tive liquidation of the Ftocks of New Yorlc
public utilities', but they were well supported
and rallied. The advance in Louisville and
Scuthern Railway met realizing. Reports of
an apparent contest between the two Interests
lor control of coal lands increased the dispo
sition to cell, Illinois Central becoming strong
:n contrast to its weakness yesterday, while
the other two stocks were advancing. There
were evidences of etrength among minor stocks
which are supposed to be the subject of manip
ulation by speculative pools, although various
rumors contiued to circulate of their pros
pective absorption or merging. Tennessee Coal
end Colorado Fuel were under pressure. The
la»t named, however, recovered to well above
i&Et night. International Power fell 9 points
l»-low the laet Bale price, but fully recovered.
There was a tale of St. Lawrence and Adiron
dack at 52. compare! with the preceding, sale
et 138%. This sale was Iwfore the collapse of
the Webb-Meyer stocks. Tne Incidental state-
New York Stock Market.
STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 8.— Bears who had been
hammering wheat prices on favorable weather
ccnoitions found too many bull factors arrayed
against them to-day. The weather was good
over nearly all the wheat belt and statistical
Journals issued bearishly favorable crop news,
but receipts were very small and the cash po
sition was very strong. Cables also were com
paratively firm, when depression : was taken
into account. After an early see-saw in prices
bulls took hold of the market and worked ad
vances. The cash situation has gradually de
veloped a strength that the traders eay prob
ably will Influence speculation for some time
Elevators have all the wheat in sight the
country is offering little and the elevator peo
ple have sold much of their holdings at July
prices rather than at the lower May prices
The result has been a scarcity of cash wheat
at the recently current May figure. To-day
May prices on outside markets advanced above
July and at one time here almost equaled them
Added to this was a good com strength. Good
cash sales were made late yesterday, fourteen
loads being taken for export. ' Shorts cov
ered freely and July, which opened U@« c to
V*@%c up at 74%c to 74%c, sold up to 74 %c
and closed firm, %@%c up. at 74%c. '**':
Corn ruled strongest of the grains to-day and
made .good advances. Traders generaly regard
the position of the bull party as such that any
opening by It the crowd quickly follows. July
closed firm, %«$%c up, at 61Vi@61%c. ¦
Oats showed strength and activity. July
closed firm, %c up, at 30%c. y
Provisions were Influenced for good advances
by £ J? 01 !! 1111 " 1 } 1011 , of demand that has
marked the pit for several ' days. The has
market was strong and packers gave the nit
support. Pork closed 30c higher, lard l'2%c
up and ribs 12%c higher. **/***
The leading futures ranged as follows:
FOR THURSDAY, MAY 8.
Flour, qr sks.. 30,412;Hay, tons 386
Wheat, ctls 830 Straw, tons 10
Barley, ctls .... 29,095 Leather, rolls .. 73
Oats, ctls .. 240 Hides, No 112
Corn, ctls 7(0 Lime, bbls .... 273
Rye. etls 200 Wine, gals .... 51,800
Beans, sks 2,159 Chicory, bbls .. 25
Potatoes, sks . .'. 1,455 Paper, car .... 1
Onions, sks 491 1 Tallow, ctls .... 228
Bran, sks 40b Pelts, bdls ..... GO
Middlings, sks . 625 Sugar, ctls 2.SS2
Wool, bales .... 273 .... < ; \ \ \
Receipts of Produce.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapor
ated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried, 5@5%c; Peaches,
0Vi®8%c; Pears, 6@9e; Plums, pitted, 5@6c;
unpitted. 1%@2%c; Nectarines, 5%@6c for red
and 5Vo@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for black
and 5%@6c for white. -- ¦
PRUNES— 1001 crop are quoted as follows:
30-40S, 6&@6%c; 40-50s, 5@5V4c; 60-COs 4%
@4%c; 60-708, 4@4%c; 70-80S, 3%@3%c; 80-
UOs, 3@3Mc; 00-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown, 8e; 2-crown, 6H
(S7%c; Loose Muscatels, 614c for 4-crown and
6V4c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, ¦ 5%c-
Seedless Sultanas, 6%c for unbleached- and 7@
8%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3;
Dehesa, $2 00; Fancy,, $1 50; London Layers,
$1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Walnuts, No, 1 softshell, liyio; No.
2 6>A@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No." 2. 7c-
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 0@10o ' for
softshell and 6@7o for hardshell; Peanuts, 6@
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans, U@13c; Cocoanuts.
S3 B0®5. '¦" . , -. 1
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber; water white extracted, 5@
5%c; light amber extracted, 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%<329c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Board—
1000 Petroleum Center 13 .
200 Sovereign 35-' '
'600 Sterling .185
Afternoon Session.
Board —
3000 Occidental of West Virginia-..,... 21
1500 Occidental of Weit Virginia 22
3000 Occidental' of West Va. b 60 22
2000 Sterling 1 85
300 Sterling, a 90 1 80
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the Sai
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
100 Best & B.... 21 400 Overman .... 21
100 Caledonia 45 300 Potosi Z ZJ
100 Chollar ...... 16 300 Savage ...... 13
100 Con Cal & V.I 50 100 Sierra NeT... 27
COO Ophir 165 400 Yellow Jacket 12
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 08 100 Gould & C... 17
400 Best & B 22 200 Mexican 64
600 Caledonia ... «0 100 Ophir 1 8O
200 Caledonia ... 66 800 Overman .... 27
500 Caledonia ... 67 200 Overman .... 2S
600 Caledonia ... 68 100 Potosi 2G
300 Caledonia ... 69 800 Potosi 27
100 Challenge .... 18 200 Savage 13
1000 Chollar 16 100 Sierra Nev... 29
. 400 Chollar . . 17 100 Silver Hill . . 48
300 Con Cal & V.I 60 500 Union Con... 30
1000 Crown Point.. 08 700 Yellow Jacket 13
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday..
~ Morning Session.
200 Belcher O81 100 Potosi ....... 25
300 Caledonia ... 461 200 Savage ...... 13
100 C.C & Va.l B2%! 20 Sierra Nev.... 28
200 Crown Point. 09 200 Silver Hill .. 43
200 Hale & Nor. 20 300 Union Con .. 28
200 Mexican ..... 60 j 700 Yellow Jacket 12
50 Overman . . 22 1
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 10 200 Gould & C... 17
200 Best & B 23 500 Justice 04>
10O Caledonia ... 48 2C0 Ophir 1 77%
100 Caledonia ... 50 200 Ophir 1 80
100 Caledonia ... 51 200 Ophir 185
300 Caledonia ... 65 100 Overman .... 22
200 Caledonia ... 68 800 Overman .... Zi
200 Caledonia. ... 69 1700 Overman .... 27
200 Caledonia ... 6e 200 Overman .... 2S
200 Caledonia ... 71 200 Overman .... SO
SOO Chollar 18 200 Overman .... 32
300 C C & Va..l 60 20O Potosi 28
250 C C & Va..l 65 1000 Silver Hill .. 48
100 C C & Va..l 62% 1300 Silver Hill .. 47
500 Challenge I'd 200 Union Con 29
600 Crown Point.. OS 1200 Union Con 31
500 Crown Point.. 09 500 Yellow Jacket 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, May 8—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask • Bid. Ask
Alpha 02 0.', Justice 03 05
Alta 03 03 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 03 05 Lady W. — 04
Belcher CO 10 Mexican 63 64
Best & B...... 23 24 Occidental ... 13 14
Bullion 02 a; 5phir 1 80 1 85
Caledonia ... 74 75 Overman 31 32
Challenge Con 17 18 Potosi 27 28
Chollar 16 17 Bavage 15 1G
Confidence ... 60 C. ?corpion — ¦ 0-t
Con Cal & V.I 60 1 65 Seg Belcher. . 02 <tt
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev...' 30 31
Con New York — 01 Silver Hill . . 48 50
Crown Point.. OS 09 St Louis .... — OS
Eureka Con... IS — syndicate.... — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con .... 31 32
Gould & C... 16 17 Utah 03 04
Hale & Nor.. 19 21 fellow Jacket 14 15
lulla — 04
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday;
brisk westerly winde; light fog in the morning.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Fair Friday, exceRt
showers In the foothills; continued warm
weather in the interior with light southerly
winds; brisk westerly winds on the coast, with
fog.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday; light
southwest winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Friday: continued warm;
brisk to high southwest winds.
In the treat valleys of California the temper
atures are slightly above normal. Very high
temperatures tare reported In the valley of the
Colorado and over Southern Arizona.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 9, 1902:
No rain has fallen in California, but condi
tions are favorable for showers in the Sierras
and in the foothills.
There has been but little change !n pressure
during the past twenty-four hours over the
western half of the country. A moderate dis
turbance is working southward over the Rocky
Mountain region and thunderstorms with rain
are reported generally through Idaho and the
mountains of Utah.
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
The New York Iron market ruled steady to
firm. PIzlron warrants, nominal. No 1 foun
dry Northern, $19fi20; No. 2 foundry North
ern, $18@19; No. 1 foundry Southern, $17 50
Cn>18; No. 1 foundry Southern soft, $17 5O@18
The English markets were steady. Glasgow
closed at Kb and Middlesboro at 47s' %d **
Spelter ruled steady and as last quoted at
$4 40. London was Is 3d higher at £18 7s Od.
Copper was a little better, with standard
spot and August quoted at $11 10@ll 35 lako
at *11 S>0@12 10 and electrolytic and casting
at $11 ti5@ll 75. At London copper closed
with spot and futures unchanged at £53 5s
Lead was steady at 4%c here and quiet and
unchanged at London at £11 12s (id.
NEW YORK, May S. — The New York and
London markets for tin were higher. The for
eign market closed with a gain of £1 12s 6d,
or at £132 15s for spot and £130 for futures.
The local advance * amounted to about 75
points, with spot at $19@39 50.
New York Metal Market.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — Decpmber
2000 ctls. 80c; 6000. 80%c.
Second Session — May— 2000 ctls. 97%c.
Regular Morning Session — December— 8000
ctls. KOHc; 2000, 80%c; seller, 1902 new
80c; 2000, 79% c. , '
Afttrnoon Session— May — 2000 ctls 97c- 6000
9ti%c. December— 6000, 80%c; W00 'sOWc
2000, 80%c. July, new— 10,000, 82c- 2000 82^4c
2000 fcl%c; 8000, 82Hc; 2000, 82%V ' ™
OATS— Continue very firm, with most seliers
disposed to advance their asking prices though
no advance is yet quoted. ' ""«»»
Grays. $1 32%@1 40: whites, $1 32%®1 45.
Surprise, $1 40@l 45; black. $1 20@l 32% • red
$1 30(51 42% per ctl. ¦«». rea.
CORN— Previous prices rule, with a dull mar
ket. The Chicago market is also quiet ind
featureless.. . ¦
Large bellow, $1 37%@1 47%; small round
do, $1 40@1 B0; White. $1 60@l 60. Wi
RYE — 90@95c per ctl. -
BUCKWHEAT — Nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal SpBslon — 9:15 o'clock — December—
6000 ctls, $1 09%; 2000, $1 09%.
Second Spsslon-r-December — 2000 ctls, $1 09%.
Regular Morning Session— December — 10,000
Ctls. $1 09%. ; /
Afternoon I Session — December — 6000 ctls.
$1 00%; 12.0C0. $l: 10.
BARLEY — The market ¦ continued quiet and
quototions worts off a fraction. Buyers con
tlrued indifferent.
The speculative market on call was more
active than for some time, especially in' new
Parley on> the afternoon call.
Feed, 97%@98%c for No. 1 and 95® 96 Vic for
off grades; brewing and shipping grades. 'SI-
Chevalier,' $1@1 20. \
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— The English markets were weak.
It was a holiday in Paris.
Chicago wa3 firmer at a fractional advance.
Receipts were diminishing,- and' there was a
good cash business, but the market was heavy
and ir. need of better public support for a per
manent advance. The strength was largely
sympathetic with the firmness in corn and
oats. There were large withdrawals of wheat
and corn from public elevators and the crowd
was bearish and short. A prominent South
weEtern railroad man estimated the Texas crop
at from 5,000,000 to 7,000,000 .bushels.'
This market was higher on call, I but quiet
and unchanged on the spot.
Spot Wheat — Shipping, $112%; milling,
$1. 13%@1 15 per cental.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8(5%
Sterling Cables, sight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 80%
Now York Exchange, sight.... *- 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic ' — 17»4
Silver, per ounce "" — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal. — ' 45%
B S K O » ¦ t
STATION* i ¦*§*§ - a § &• 5
: c = ; •* • p
; a a J j '.
Astoria 30.08 5S 50 NW Clear Too
Baker 29.94 62 50 NW Pt Cldy .OS
Carson 29.86 70 38 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.08 56 48 NW Cloudy .00
Fresno 23.88 82 56 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.82 72 42 E Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Ida.29.90 72 44 SE Cloudy T.
Independence.. 29. 80 80 54 SE Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 23. 66 74 54 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.72 96 68 NW Clear .00
Portland 30.0* 60 52 8E Cloudy .01
Red Bluff 29.90 76 54 8 Clear .00
Koseburg 30. 00 66 54 W Clear .02
Sacramento ..29.02 74 48 S Clear .00
Salt Lake 29.84 76 56 NW Pt Cldy .01
San Francisca.30.C2 60 52 W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo. .23.94 76 50 W Clear .00
San Diego 29.90 64 56 W Clear .00
Seattle 30.00 66 50 NW Pt Cldy .00
1 Fpokane 29.96 «4 48 W Cloudy .12
\Neah Bay 30.02 50 48 6W Cloudy .00
.^Vaila Walla.. 29. »6 72 GO SW Pt Cldy .16
TVinnemueca. .29.82 74 44? W Clear .00
Yuma ..29.86 98 62 6 Clear .00
Temperature — 7 a. m., 50 degrees. j
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 76
for standard, ' $1@2 25 for choice and $2 25@3
for fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean' Sweets, $1@2 50; Va
lencias, $2 50@3; Malta BJood Oranges, $1 50
@2 50; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75c@$l
and $1 25@1 60 in half boxes; Lemons, 75c<g$l
for common and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice
and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, 75c@$2;
Mexican Limes, $4®5; Bananas, $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 75® 2. for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.'
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $6@8 per
ehest;,Malindas, $3 50® 4 50 per chest and 75c@
$1 25 per crate.
' APPLES— $l<f2 50 per box. according to
quality; from Australia, $1 50@2 50 per box.
CHERRIES — White, 50c@$l per drawer;
Black, $1@1 75 per box and drawer.
Small sizes of fancy Navels were firm and
stocks were scarce, but large 'sizes continued
dull. Standard and choice fruit was in liberal
supply, but as the demand was limited the
market was generally ,dull. Other Citrus
fruits showed no change. ''Two cars of Oranges
will be auctioned to-day. ' -
Offerings of black Cherries were generally
attractive and brought full figures, but white
were poor and sold slowly," even at the low
prices.
Strawberries arrived in good condition and
although receipts were large, good prices were
realized for most offerings.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, May 8. — Consols, 95 3-16; silver,
23%d.V Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
cargoes No. 1 Standard California. 30s; car
goes Walla Walla. 29s 6d; English- country
markets, quiet and steady/:'
. LIVERPOOL, May 8.— Wheat; quiet; No 1
fttandard California, 6« 4%d€>es-6d; holiday in
Paris; French country markets, dull; weather
in England, showery.
COTTON— Uplands. 5s 5-32d. ¦
Morning Session,
PRODUCERS' OH. EXCHANGE.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
59; minimum, 50; mean, 54.
BUTTER— Creamery, 20c per pound lor fan
cy. 18%@19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy, 16@13%c; store Butter, 14@16c
per pound.
CHEESE— New,_ 9@10c; old. 0@llc; Young
America, 8@10c; Eastern, 13@15c per pound, i
' EGGS — Ranch, 18%@l«c for fancy and 170
18c for fair to good; store, 15® 10c per dozen.
Receipts were G0.900 pounds, l'keg and 369
tubs of Butter, 1696 cases of Eggs, cases
of Eastern Eggs, 43.K5O pounds of California
Cheese and pounds of Oregon Cheese.
There was no change in anything yesterday.
Supplies of Butter and Cheese continued large
and previous conditions prevailed in both de
scriptions. Eggs were quoted weak by some
and steady by others, as on the preceding day
and there was no lack of supplies.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, May 8.— Wheat, unchanged; blue
stem, 66%c; club, G5%c.
PORTLAND, May 8.— Wheat, nominal; Walla
Walla, 06c; bluestem, 67c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 8. 1902 — 5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-day:
Kureka 56-43 Independence 80-54
Red Bluff 76-54 Los Angeles 74-54
Facramento 74-48 San Diego 64-56
Fresno 32-56 Yuma 98-62
San Luis Obispo. .76-50'
Weather Report.
NEW YORK, May 8.— A fair demand contin
ues for evai>orated apples and the market holds
firm at quotations. State, common to good 7
®Pc; prime, 9V4@9%c; choice, 9%@10V4c; fancy,
10%@llc.
In prunes a' fair export trade is noted, with
values steady. Market weak and irregrular.
PRUNES— 3%(50%c.
APRICOTS— Steady. Boxed, 10%@14c; bags
10%@12c.
PEACHES— Steady. Peeled, ¦ 14@16c; un
peeled, 8'/i@llc.
DRIED FRUITS
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No, 7 Invoice, 5%c;
mild, dull; Cordova, 8@12c. The future market
closed quiet, net unchanged to 5 points lower.
Total sales were 8500 bags, including : July,
5.05c; September, 5.20c: October, 5.30c: Novem
ber, 5.35c; December, 5.45c; March, 5.70c
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 06 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
WOOL — Quiet
* — #
NEW YORK, May 8.— FLOUR— Receipts,
130,380 barrels; exports, 11,800 barrels. Quiet
but steadier on wheat advance. Minnesota pat
ents, $3 95@4 15.
WHEAT — Receipts, 1C0.320 bushels; exports,
160,400 bushels. Spot market, firm; No. 2 red,
SSYiC elevator; No. 2 red, S9%c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1, Northern Duluth, 83V4c f. o. b. afloat;
No. 1 hard Manitoba. 87c f. o. b. afloat. Start
ing out with a sharp advance on steady cables
and small Northwest receipts, wheat devel
oped weakness at midday because of new short
selling and a lack of confidence due to bearish
crop news. Later it turned strong again on
export rumors, small receipts,, the corn advance
and fair clearances and closfel firm at %@%c
net advance. May, 79%@S01-16c, closed 80c;
July, 79%@80%c, closed SO^c; September,
78%@79e, closed 78%c; December, ' 79 13-16®
80c, closed 80% c.
HOPS— Firm.
HIDES— Firm. . ; . .. , ±, .. .
PORTLAND. May 8.— Clearings, $387,101;
ba T a ACOMAf 1 Mky 8.-Clearln S s, $202,067; bal-
SEAT/TLErMay 8. — Clearings, $500,697: bal
an SPOKA"NE. May 8.— Clearings, $266,247; bal
ances, ?2(>,164. . . . . .. •
Northern Business.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 8. — To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in
the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, $187,313,007; gold. $95,643,011.
There is very little Game coming in now
other than Hare and Rabbits. Only nine sacks
were received yesterday.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13@14c fcr Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25@1 50; Goslings, $2@2 25; Ducks, $4*i5
fo;- old and $5@7 for young; Hens. $i(fi 5; young
Roosters, $6@7 50; old Roosters, $4@4 50; Fry
ers. $5@5 50; Broilers, $3 50@4 50 for large
and $1 50®2 50 for small: Pigeons', $1 75@2
per dozen for told and $1 75#2 for Squabs
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbit?. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; English Snipe S3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50. '
Small Broilers continued In large supply and
sold slowly at low prices. Old Hens and Roos
ters were rather slow, but the market on other
descriptions was steady, . with moderate re
ceipts. . No more Eastern came In.
Poultry and Game.
LONDON, May 8. — The offerings at the wool
auction sales numbered 15,710 bales. The
home trade and Continent were active buyers.
American representatives were reserved, occa
sionally purchasing a few good merinos anl
crossbreds at extreme rates. A good selection
of scoured was offered and sold freely to
France and Germany. Lamb's wool sold well
at an advance of 10 per cent.
London Wool Sales.
Mail advice* from New York Bay: "In rai-
F'.ns a better demand is reported for California
loos* Muscatels and some holders are quoting
Hgner. Bids cf 6%c for 3-crown grade are
fald to have been turned down. For seeded the
market is somewhat quiet and we hear of no
important business at the moment. Valencia
layers are reported firm at 7%c Business
amounting to 2000 boxes of Valencia off-stalk
has been done to-day at 6^ic. In prunes a
fair Jobbing Interest prevails on new fruit,
large sizes, ¦with 6%c quoted on 40-50s in 25
lb boju>«. Old fruit i« in fair requert. but
ehows no firmness in any quarter. There lc
a d^cifled disposition to move fruit noted and
prices chow no regularity. Small prunes are
in fair Jobbing demand, with 2%c quoted. In
Trachea the market is more active and a good
inquiry prevails for lower grades. These are
i Voooming somewhat scarce. Apricots are
and in fair jobbing demand. Dates
' fhew no special feature at the moment. Figs
are rteady and firm on layers. In nuts Brazils
«re steady and In fair demand, with 4%c and
4\c quoted. In walnuts a moderate business
Je doing.''
Dried Fruits in Nezu York.
New York .Cotton- Market.
NEW YORK, May 8. — Cotton opened easy,
4 to 10 points lower, and closed steady, 4 to
18 points lower. i ,
NEW YORK. May 8.. — Money on call firm,
at 0@9 rier cent, closing offered at 6 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4Vi®5 l 4 per cent.
Sterling- exchange weak, with actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
$4 85 for sixty days. Posted rates, $4 86 and
$4 SS%. Commercial bills, $4 84% and $4 85%.
Bar silver, 51%c. Mexican dollars, 41V4c Gov
ernment bonds weak; State bonds weak; rail
road bonds weak.
New York Money Market.
Exports from this port in April were $2.5S3.-
BS7, as compared with $2,561,581 for April,
1901. During the first four months of the
year the aggregate value of exports amounts
to $12.56G,969, as compared "with $12,289.5(55 for
the eame period In 1901 and $11.S2».231 in 1900.
The above figures <Jo not include the Hawaiian
Islands. With China the trade has shown a
decided falling off. owing to the fact that
stocks of merchandise there nave been allowed
to accumulate to such an extent that th« de
mand for new poods must necessarily b« light
for some time to corae.
Foreign Exports.
NEW YORK. May S. — The Commercial Ad
vertirer's London financial cablegram eaj's:
Trading in stocks was restricted by the ap
proach of the settlement on Monday, but prices
were firm on the war news. Consols sold at
95 3-16. Copper shares were steady. Ameri
cans were quietly improved after & low open
ing. t New York hoisted prices sfiarply and
they clceed buoyant, with the coalers again
the bell-wether, although there was no definite
strike news. The grangers were also strong
and Louisville and Nashville had another
amazing jump of 3 points. ' The market in
again borrowing money.
London Market.
NEW YORK ST<
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
AtchlEon 8,200 80 79% 79%
Atchison pfd 1.200 98% 98% 98Vh
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3,400 10S% 107% 107%
Baltimore & O pfd. 100 95% 95% -95M
Canadian Pacific... 22,800 128% 126% 128%
Canada Southern... 300 93% 93 92%
Chesapeake & Ohio. 700 48 47% 47%
Chicago & Alton... 400 36% 30& 36%
Chicago & A pfd 76
Chicago Ind & L. . 2,400 78% 78 78%
Chicago I & L. pfd 84%
Chicago & E III 165 i
Chicago & Gt West. 8,900 30% 30% 30%
Chic & G W A pfd. 1,100 89% £9% S8%
Chic&GWBpfd. 800 50 49 49$
Chicago & Nwestra 1,200 260 257% 257
Chicago R I & Pac. 300 177 176W 17»5
Chicago Trm & Tr. 6.400 22% 22 22%
Chiee&o T & T pfd. 6,000 40% 39 40
C C C & St Louis.. 700 105% 105% 105
Colorado Southern.. 2,000 31% 30% 31
Colorado So 1st pfd 100 72% 72% 72%
Colorado So 2d pfd. 200 43% 43% 43%
Delaware & Hudsn 14,100 1SO% 174' 178^.
Del a Lack & We6t. 900 284 281% 2S0 "
Denver & R Grande 42«.J
Denver & R G pfd. 100 01 .91 90%
Erie 7,200 38% 37% 37^4
Erie 1st pfd 1,300 69% 68% C0%
Erie 2d pfd „ .„: 53%
Great Northern pfd iSi
Hocking Valley 100 84 84 83%;
Hocking Vallt-y pfd 90%
Illinois Central 1,000 154% 152% 154%
Iowa Central 100 46% 46% 46%
Iowa Central pfd.. KS
Lake Erie & West. 700 C5 C5 «5%
Lake Erie & W pfd. 120
Louisville & Nash.. 13.300 145 143% 144'/
Manhattan L 2S.800 133 131% i:{2>4
Metropolitan St Ry. 13, S00 150% 147% 148%
Mexican Central . . 500 28 27% 28V4
Mexican National.. 4,900 19% 19 19V4
Minn & St Louis.. 200 111% 111% ill
Missouri Pacific... 5,000 101% 100% 100%
Mo Kans & Texas. 500 26 25% 25%
Mo Kns & Tex pfd 56
New Jersey Central 100 1»1 191 188
New York Central. 4.000 139% 15S% 159
Norfolk & Western. 1.700 58% 07% B8U
Norfolk & West pfd ' 80%
Ontario & "Western. £00 :«% :«i£ 33%
Pennsylvania '5,000 150% 150tfc 15OV-
Reading 106,200 67% 65% «6\4
Reading 1st pfd.... 500 So 84 84%
Reading 2d pfd 4,700 71% 70% 70V«
St Louie & S F.^_ - , 10Q~ O ' 69 -.-U9
St L & S F 1st pfd .... 83«
St L & S F 24 pfd. 200 73 73 72%
St L Southwestrn. .' 27*
St L Swestrn pfd.. 300 59^ 89 59
St Paul 37,500 172% 170% 171%
St Paul pfd 100 l»034 190% 190%
Southern Pacific... 10.600 67% 6«J4 66%
Scuthern Railway.. 45,300 38% 37% - 37%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,000 90% 96 95 v
Texas & Pacific... 300 42 41% 42
Toledo St L & West 200 22^ 22% 22
Tol St L & W pfd. 400 SOU 39 39 K
Union Pacific C2.4O0 105% 104% 104%
TTnion Pacific pfd.. 000 88 87% 87iT
""'abash 1.400 27% 26% 20%
Wabash pfd 1,400 45% 44% 45
Wheeling & LE... 700 22% 22% 22W.
Wh&LE2dpfd.. 30"
Wls Central ...... 10,700 28% 27% 27%
WIb Central pfd... 1,300 50 49 49%
ExT-iess Companiee —
Adams ». 200
American 220
United States 500 116% 115 115
Wells Fargo ; ...; 200
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 22,800 08% 07Vi C7%
Am Car & Foundry S00 30% 30% 30Vi
Am Car & F pfd... 200 90% > 90% 90%
Am Linseed Oil 400 27 20% 26%
Am Linseed Oil pfd 54
Am Locomotive ... 1,200 32% 32% 32\4
Am Loco pfd 300 94% 94% 94%
Am Smelt & Ref... 2,300 46% 46 46'4
Am Smelt & R pfd 200 S6 05% 9."»%
Anaconda Mng Co. 900 114 113% 114
Brooklyn Rap Tr. . 30.200 60% 05 - 00
Colo Fuel'fc Iron.. 18.700 103% 100% 103
Consolidated Gas... 7,000 224 222 V> 224
Cont To.bacco pfd.. 200 121 121 " 120
General Electric... 100 324 324 320
Hocking Coal 18
International Paper 800 21% 21 20%
Intematl Paper pfd 500 74% 73% 73%
Internatl Power 700 90 81 " N>'
K C Southern 6.500 30»4 29 - 29%
K C Southern pfd. 1,000 00% 59% 00%
Laclede Gas 89
National Biscuit .. 200 50% : B0U 49V.
National Lead.. .V . 3,800 21 19" 20%
North American... 1,100 J24% 123 124%
Pacific Coast 70
Pacific Mail 39%
People's Gas 800 104%' 103% 103%
Pressed Rteei Car 44U
Pressed Steel C pfd 83%
Pullman Pal Car., 500 240 240 2'{7
Republic Steel 400 18V4 38% 18%
Republic Bteel pfd. 400 74^ 73% 73%
Bugar 7.500 129% VJSVt 128%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 10.400 60 64% fi5%
Union B & Pap Co ...''.' .... 15%
Union B & P C pfd ...; 81%
U R Leather 1.200 13% 13% 1314
U S Leather pfd... 100 84% 84% 84%
U S Rubber i«u
V S Rubber pfd.., 200 59V4 58% 58 %
U S Steel 3,700 41% 41% 41%
U S Steel pfd 3,000 92 91% 91%
Western Union.... 500 91% 91 91%
Total sales 630,000
NEW YORK BONDS. ¦ .
U S ref 2s reg WA L & N U»i 4s 102%
Do ref 2s coup.109% Mex Cent 4s.. . 83
Do 3s reg 108U Do 1st lnc 33
Do 3s coup 108% Minn & ft L 4s.. 104%
Do new 4s reg.,137% M K & T 4s 101
Do new 4s coup.137% Do 2ds 83%
Do old 4s reg... 111% N Y Cent 3sts...lO4%
Do old 4s coup.Hl>4 Do gen 3%s 109%
Do 5s reg 105% N J Cent pen 5s. 130
Do 5s coup 105?i Northern Pac 4s.. 105%
Atchison gen 4s..lO3<4 Do 3s 73%
Do adj 4s , 04% N & W con 4s... 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading Gen 4s.. 99%
Do 3%s 90% S L & I M con 5s.ll7
Do conv 4s 108 S L & S F 4s.... 99
Canada Sou 2ds..lOU S L SW lsts... 97%
Cent of Ga 5s 109% Do 2ds .- 84%
Do 1st inc 85% S A & A Pass 4s. 90%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.l08% Southern Pac 4s.. 1)5%
Chic & Alt 3%s.. 94% Southern Ry 5s... 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 95% Tex & Pac lsts.. 121%
C M&St P gen 4S.116V4 Tol St L & W 4s. S3
C & N W con 7s.. 135 Union Pac 4s 103U
C R I & P 4s.... 111% Do conv 4s.... 1O7>2
CCC&St L gen 4s. 114% Wabash lsts ....119%
Chio Ter 4s SS Do 2ds 11 12
Colo & Sou 4s 95% Do Deb B 70?
D & R G 4s 104% West Shore 4s..!.'ll4
Erie prior lien 4s.lf)OV4 Wh & L B 4s.. 93%
Do Gen 4s....;. 88 Wis Cent 4s 94%
F W & D C lsta..H4 Cons Tob 4s 00
Hock Val 4%s...lll
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief....... u
Alice 45 Ontario .: 7 75
Breece 60 Ophir ......lCj
Brunswick Con.... 11 Phoenix 00
Comstock Tunnel,. 05% Potosi .....'..:.... j>o
Con Cal Sc Va ,1 50 Savage \q
Deadwood Terra... 75 Sierra Nevada 25
Horn Silver 1 40 Kmall Hopes... .... 40
Iron Silver y73/Btandard 3 30
Leadville Con '05/
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lU S Steel........ 'i\u
Call loans 5@0 Do pfd 01%
Time loans 4%@5 Mining-
Bonds — Adventure ...... r 23
Atchinon 4«...,...100 Allouez 3%
Oas 1st... .... 83 Amalgamated .... 07%
Mex Central 4s... 82 Daly Western.... 41
N E Gas & Coke. 55 Cal & Hecla. 545
Railroads Centennial : 19%
Atchison 79vi Copper Range.... 59 V*
Do pfd 08U Dominion Coal.... 137%
Bos & Albany. '..SSS^Franklln '......... IV&
ment by Dr. Webb that he had sold the road
to A. L. Meyer was news to the public this
morning. Money went to 9 per cent again to
day, but sterling exchange turned weak.
Money brokers report offerings of large sums
for lending In New York from various quarters
of the country. The loss already this week to
the cub-treasury of over $2,000,000 is to be
reckoned with in considering the mopey mar
ket situation.
The bond market recovered to-day in sym
pathy with stocks. . Totals sales, $3,160,000.
United States 3s and the new 4s declined l A
per cent on the last call.
>CK LIST.
Mail advices from London state that 'the
market for salmon is steady, with the con
sumptive demand improving. From Liverpool
It is reported that the good inquiry from the
country still continues, and there Is a large
and steady demand. Prices are well . main
tained and "there are indications of a slight ad
vance in one or two varieties.
SALMON— This market is quiet, but the
Eastern markets are in good shape, and salmon
Is going into consumption more widely than
ever before. Fairly heavy consignments have
been made from New York to England. The
run on the Columbia River is fair for this pe
riod, and a large run is looked for later. The
Pacific Selling Company. has announced prices
at $1 50 for tails and $1 65 for flats. At these
rates, however, no business has as yet been
reported, except that which was done some
time ago, subject to opening prices. New York
jobbers "look upon these rates as too high. On
the Sacramento the run is not nearly so large
as last year at this time.
TEA — Is quoted in fair, shape for sellers, with
the Japan market opening 10c higher than last
year.
STARCH — Firm, with an advance of &c per
ib in the higher grades.
Guatemala and Mexican — 12%@15c for prime
to fancy washed; ll@12c for strictly good
washed; 10%@10%c for good washed; 9@10c
for fair washed; 7%@8%c for medium; 5%@7c
for inferior to ordinary; 10%®12c for goo'd to
prime washed peaberry; 9@»%c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 8<@S%c for good to
superior unwashed.
Nicaragua — 12@14c for prime to fancy
washed; 9W@10Vsc for fair to strictly good
washed; 7%<38Vic for good to superior un
washed; 8%®9>4c for good to prime unwashed
peaberry.
Salvador — 12@12%c for strictly prime washed;
10@ll%c for good to prime washed; 8%@9>^c
for fair washed; 10@ll%c for good to prime
washed peaberry; 9@9%c for good to prime
semi-washed; 8%@9c for superior unwashed; 8
@8%c for good green unwashed; 9@9%c for
good to superior unwashed peaberry; 5%@7c
for common to ordinary. . \
Costa Rica — 14@15c for ' strictly prime to
fancy washed; 12%@13%c for prime washed;
10-Ji€ll%c for good washed; ll%@13c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 10%@llc for good
prime peaberry; 10%(Sllc for good to prime;
9@9%c for fair; 5%@7%c for common to ordi
nary. ' '
To-day's first hand asking prices are
"To-day's first hand stock consists of 8467
bags Costa Rica, 491 Nicaragua, 11,093 Salva
dor, 25,774 Guatemala. 2563 Mexican and 2374
bags of other kinds; in all 50,702 bags."
"Deliveries from' first bands from April 8 to
the present writing were nearly 18,000 bags,
considerably above the requirements for act
ual consumption during this period, but dem
onstrating a healthy market even if a lower
one, for meanwhile prices have sagged every
where. Receipts • In Brazil govern the imme
diate situation and continue heavy, the world's
visible showing a further increase during April
of 135,000 bags. In this connection the mild
crops, now coming to market, must be counted
as factors, and for some weeks to come, but
indications are that receipts from those quar
ters will end more sharply than usual. New
York prices for Brazils are about %c per pound
lower during the past thirty days. The decline
here has fully corresponded on current grades
whUe higher priced coffees have suffered more
severely in many Instances.
COFFEE— C. E. BIckford's circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at
83,102 bags, against 129,174 during the same
time last year. The sales from first hands
were 5;!. 118 bags, against 76,993. The stock in
first hands, May 1. was 45,311 bags, against
71,710 last year. The world's visible supply,
May 1, was 11,382,903 bags, against 7,359,112.
The circular says:.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes,- A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4.50c* Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none,
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, ,3.85c;
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more;
boxes, 50c more ; 50-lb bags, 10c more, for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.7uc; boxes,
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. '
OIL — California Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1,
70c; pure, $120; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
78c; raw, 7(ic; cases, 5c mure; Lucol, 68c for
boiled and 60c for raw, In barrels; l^ard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 05c; cases. $1;
China Nut, 57%®6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels. 7Cc; eases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c. Whale Oil. natural white. 40«30c per
gallon; Fish Oil, barrels. 42%c; cases. 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil. barrels. 63 %c for Qjylon and
68%c for Australian. ¦ '-- ¦ .- . . : • ¦
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
13%@14c: Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c;-Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk. 14%c; in.
cases, 21c; 8U-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26%c.
.TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and iron barrels.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $3; Seattle, $6 60; Bryant, $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $*; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton: Coke, $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 in sacks;. Rocky Mountain de
scriptions. $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton,
according- to brand. '
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. June and July. 6c; San
Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags. 32@35c; Fleeco
Twine, 7%®8c > • ..
HOGS-r-Receipts, (3400. Market steady. Light
and light mixed. $B 80«?7 10: medium and
heavy, *7(§.7 25; pigs, $4 25@5 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2700. Market steady to
10c lower. Western lambs, $« 25@6 85; West
ern sheep, $5>g() 35. ' - ' - .
ST. JOSEPH, May 8.— CATTLE— Receipts.
900. Market steady. Natives, $5 25@7 25;
cows and heifers, $1 50(S« 50; • veals, $3@6;
Btockers and feeders, $2 25@5 50. ' .
ST. JOSEPH
SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Market strong.
Lambs higher. • Good to choice wethers, $5 75
igC 25; fair to choice mixed, $5@S 60; "Western
sheep, $5 25@6 25: -native lambs, $1 75@6 60;
Western lambs, $5 25®6 C5; Colorado lambs,
$5 10. '• ¦ ¦ -¦ •¦¦•¦•¦.' •
HOGS— Receipts "to-day, 24. COO; to-morrow,
21,000; left over, 4000. .. Market strong, 5@10e
higher. Mixed and butchers, $6 90@7 20; good
to choice heavy, $7 15@7 25; light, $G 65@7;
bulk of sales. $C 80@7 10.
CHICAGO, May 8.— CATTLE— Receipts, 6300.
Market ac'tlve and strong. Good to prime
steers. $0 80@7 40; poor to medium, $5@6 75;
stockers and feeders, $2 75<g 1 5 35; cows, $1 50
@6; heifers, $2 T5@6 25;- canners, $1 50®2 50;
bulls, $2 50@5 S3; calves, $2@C; Texas fed
steers, $5 25«?0 25.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 02^ — Oo S3 Co Bs. — 100
Bay CPC 5s.lO8 10SV. Omnibus 6s.. — —
C C G&E 5s.lO4U.H5V. Pac G Im 4s. 07% —
tal-st 5s ...11?» " — ' Pk & C H 6».10T 110
C Costa 5s. .110% — Pk & O R 6s. — 125
Ed L ft P i>3 -. _ pwl-3t R 6s. — —
Fer& C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5s. 1 02^1 03 V,
Geary-st 5s..' — — SF & SJV5s.l2O14121S
H C&S 5^s. — — sierra Cal «sll5% —
Do 5s — — S P of A «s
L An< R 5a.1is%i^ii: ( i<W)> ....113^114
L A L Co Ps.10.1 105" <1010> 111% —
Do gtd 6s. — — B p of C 6s
Do gtd 5s. — ioa»i <l&05)Sr A.lOttv,im%i-
LA * P 5S.103 — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Do lem Ss.lOJ — (1906) — 110H
Mkt-st C 6s. — — (1912) .... — 122
Do lem us.120%121% S P of C 1st .
N R cf C 6s.ll2 — c gutd 5s. — — ,
Do 5s 120% — Do stmpd..lO9tf —
Pac C 5a 109miO% BPBr Cal 6s. — 139%
N R of C 5s.lUVi — S V Wat 6». — 111
Oak Gas 5s.— 114 Do 4s 2dm. 102 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 124 — Do 4s 3daa.l01T» —
Do lstc 5s.ll3%115 Stkn G&E83.102 104
Oak W G 53.103Vil04>4
.WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 70% — (Port Costa.. 63% M
Marin Co ... 59 — iBpring Val.. 81% 91%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% — ( Pao Light. .. 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 3% 3% Sac E G&R. 35 —
Mutual 3% 4% S F G & E.. 44*4 44%
O G L & H.. 62% 63 S F G L Co. 5Vi —
Pac G Im. .. 39% 40}J Stktn G & E. 8 —
-INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 270
BANKS.
Amer B & T.110 — IFirst Nationl — —
Anglo-Cal .V_00% 01 L P & A 168% —
Bank of CalJWS — Mer Ex (liq) 24 —
Cal Safe Dp.120 — Is F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1090 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U.525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California -.172 182%lMarket 100 —
Geary — 60 IPresidio ....35 * —
POWDER.
Giant 78% TSftiVigorit 3*£ 4
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — KHanea .... — 0%
Hawaiian...— 40 Makawell ... 23% Z\%
Honokaa ... 10% 12 Onomea .... 24% 25 Vi
Hutchinson . 12% 13 Paauhau ... 11 12%
•MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.161%163 Pac A F A.. 2% —
Cal Fruit As — 102% Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 101 hi — Par Paint... 28 . —
Oceanic S Co 31 34
Morning Session.
Board —
20 Alaska Backers' Assn 162 00
65 Giant Powder Con 79 00
100 Hutchinson S P Co 12 87%
5 Makaweli. cash 23 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp 38 75
100 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
$10,000 Bay Counties Power Co 6s 1OS 25
$1,000 S F & S J V bonds 120 75
Street—
45 Spring ValleV Water 91 75
Afternoon Session.
Board —
60 Giant Powder Con 78 50
10 Giant Powder Con 7$ 37%
20 Giant Powder Con 78 25
45 Giant Powder Con 78 «2%
* 25 Hutchinson S P Co 12 87%
15 Oakland Gas 62.75
25 Pacific Gad Imp 39 87%
50 Pacific Gaa Imp 40 00
10 S F Gas & Electric Co. 9 00... 44 25
5 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 37%
65 Spring Valley Water 91 62%
$1,000 Sacto Elec, Gas & Ry 5s...... 102 75 |
$2,000 S F & S J V bonds ....121 OO
$2,000 S V 4s bonds (3d mtge) 102 W
¦ Street—
100 Equitable Gas 3 30
"Wheat — May. July. Sept.
Opening .........6 1 6 0% 6 2%-
Closing 1.8 1% 61 ¦ 62%
PARIS.
Wheat— . ' . : Sept. Sept.-Dec.
Opening Holiday.
Cioeing .....
Flour — . /
Opening •'•
Closing
LIVERPOOL.
fc VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy,
$1 75 per box. $1 25@l 60 for No. 1 and 75c®
$1 for No, 2; Rhubarb, 40@75c per box: extra
farcy, S5c«f$l; Green Peas, 75@90c per sack
and lc per lb to the canners; Garden 1 Peas. $1
@1 25 per sack; String Beans,* from Los Ange
lea. ti#10c per lb, including Wax; from Vaca
ville, 10@15c; Cabbage 50@65c per ctl; Los
Angeles 'Tomatoes; ?1 25@2" 25 , per box and
crate; Mexican Tomatoes, $1 25<R1 75 per box
for repacked; Dried peppers, 10@llc per lb;
Los Angeles do, 13@17^c; Carrots, 75c .'per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 40@75c per dozen
for small and $l@l 25 for larg*; Garlic 2@Je;
Los Angeles Green 1 Peppers, 12%f?15c: Mexi
can do. 8@10c; Egg Plant,, from Los Angeles,
15@17>4c; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles,
$1 2fi(g>l 75: Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton;
Hutbard Squash. $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
ONIONS— Nevadaa, $2 B0@2 75: Australian.
$3 50@3 75. recond hands; new red, t)Oc@$l 10
per sack; Silversklns, 75c@?l per box.
Asparagus continued to weaken. • Receipts
were not large, but the demand was slack and
tliercs was a considerable quantity carried over
from the previous day. The oanners were In
the market and paid 75c@$l for the No. 2 and
$1 2f> for the -No. 1. Prices on Rhubarb were
unchanged, but the market was rather dull.
String Beans were weaker I under heavier . re
ceipts, Los Angeles Tomatoes were in de
mand and choice offerings sold, readily at full
figures. :
, POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@2%c.per lb;
old, $1 50<5>l 75 for Burbanks from the river:
Oregon Burbanks, $1 90@2 15; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 50(£pl ti5; ! River ¦ Keds, *1 30QIJ 60;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 O. r >@l 75; Oreeon Bur,
banks, for seed, $1 t>5@l 75; Sweets, $2 25 for
Merced. ' -. • ¦ . • • .
There wa3 a steady local inquiry for new red
Onions and prices were firmer. There is lit
tle or no demand for old Onions for local use,
and a3 there is but little inquiry for shipping,
offerings are dull. • • . , ¦ ' -
Prices on Oregon Burbanks had a narrower
range, as holdings in first hands were small.
Receipts , from the river wern light and some
extra fancy offerings commanded a premium.
Oregon Burbanks for seed continued active at
well sustained prices, but other descriptions of
seed were very dull. New Potatoes. were weak,
er under liberal receipts. Choice offerings of
Garnet Chiles from the Mission were in demand
for shipping and sold promptly at 2%c per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Local Stocks and Bonds still quiet.;
Silver a fraction off. No change in Exchange. ¦.
Wheat and Barley quiet and featureless.
Oats and Corn very firm and Rye very dull.
Lima Beans advanced under purchases for short account.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted. "' >
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply and unchanged.
Provisions in good stock and inactive.
Wool dull. Hops easy and Hides firm.
Hogs easy at the decline already noted.
Starch slightly higher. Tea market firm,
Salmon in good demand in the East and England,
Coffee moving moderately in all positions.
Potatoes Olid Onions firm and Vegetables zveak.
Poultry and Game dull.
Fruit Market showing more firmness and activity.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
OH the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market ruled firm.. Creameries. 20@23c;
dairies, 18@20c. Cheese easy, 12@13c. Egg3
steady, 10 : Kc. . . /
Do 2d pfd 56VM Do pfd 04Vi
Illinois Central... 1 56% Wabash '. -27Vi
Louis & Nash 148*4, Do pfd ........ 45%
N y Central 163yji3panish Fours "!S%
Bar Silver steady, %Q%d per ounce.
Money,. 2V6@3Vi per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
Short Bills Is 2% per cent. >".••¦'
The rate of discount in the open market for
Three Months Bills is 2% per cent. '¦ . •
Consols for moiwy. 05 Mo Kan & Tex... 26Vi
Consols for acct. 85 3-16 Do pfd 60
Anaconda 5% Norfolk & West.. 59%
Atchison 82^ Do Pfd 92%
Do pfd< 100*4 Ontario & West.. 34V4
Bait & Ohio 111V4 Reading ....: 33%
Canadian Pac 130% Do 1st pfd 43*4
Ches & Ohio 49 Do 2d pfd 86Vi
Chi Gt West 71« Southern Ry .V39
Chi M & St P... 175^4 • Do pfd 96
Denver & Rio G.. 4.{% Southern Pac 08 l 4
Do pfd 93V- Union Pacific. 107%
Erie 39 Do pfd ..., 90
Do 1st pfd ..70% US Steel.. 42^
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS,
Bos & Maine 103 Isle Royale ,< 15 V,
£.,**• H&H....23C Mohawk ,. 37
tltchburg pfd 14« Old Dominion.... 20 li
union Pacific 104-% Osceola ...... 02Vfc
M t?« Central 28 # Parrot ( 25Vi
Miscellaneous — Quincy 124
American Sugar.. 128*4 Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Do pfd ...118% Tamarack 170
Am Tel & Tel.... 181 Trimountain 08
pom Iron & B.... 00 '4 Trinity ,...12%
xen Electric 322 ;United States 21%
Mass Electric... 43%' Utah .. ...... 22%
¦ Dp pfd 97- j Victoria ...:..... 4%
N E Gas & Coke.. 3^!winona l?i
United Fruit.. ...107 (Wolverine 5fi
ttestnghue Com...l0S 'United Copper 35&
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle: '
CATTLE— Steers. SV4@0c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb. - .
CALVES— 5@5%c per lb (gross weight). .
SHEEP— Wethers, 4@4M:c; Ewes. 3@3&e per
lb (gross weight).
>LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4>/4@5c per lb live weight; yearlings, 4
@4%e perMb.
HOGS — Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under. 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6@6Vfcc; feeders, . 6@
t»%c; sows, 20 per cent off; boars. .50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent oil from the above
quotations. . .
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steer* and 6%@7c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7©8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7^@S%c; Ewes, 7%@
8c per lb. ¦ . • .
LAMB-^-Sprlng Lambs. 0@10^c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%®9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET. J
Hogs are easy at the slight decline already
noted. The other meats show no further
change. >.*.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The only change in Beans yesteVday was an
advance In Llmas, due to the heavy purchases
in the "south by an operator, who ran the mar
ket up oti himself, buying to fill his shorts.
' BEANS— Bayos. $3@3 10; small Wlilte, $2 50
@2 C5 ; large White, $2 50<g)2 , 65 ; Pea, $.1 23©
3 50; Pink. $2 10@2 25; Red, $2 50@2 75;
Blackeye. $-1 7505; Limas, $3 tJ0@3 70; Red K;d
reys; $3 50@3 75 per ctl. .
SEEDS — Trieste Mustaod. $2 50@2 65; Tel
low Mustard, $3 25@:$ 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary, 3Vic for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
10%@ll}4c; California, 10@10%c; Rape, i%@
2&e; Hemp, 3%c oer lb. .
PRIED PEAS— N lies, $1 C0@2; Green, $1 50
©2; Blackeye, nominal.
Beans and Seeds.
$3 50@ll; Oat, $S@10 50; Alfalfa. $S@11; Clo
ver, $7@U; Volunteer, $8 50@S 50; Stock, ?«®a
per ' ton. ¦'' ¦' '¦- . . -. .
STRAW— 40@05c per bale.
@50c; Fair to Choice Malting Barley. 65@70c;
No. 1 Flaxseed, . $1 64 ; No. 1 Northwestern,
$177; Prime Timothy Seed. $6 95; Mees Pork,
per bbl $17 10@17 15; Lard, per 100 ibs. $10 17
@10 20; Short Ribs sides (loose), $9 OOQii 70;
Dry Salted Shoulders (boxed), S@8Hc; Short
Clear 'Sides (boxed), $10 20^10 30;. Whisky,
basis of High Wines. $1 30; , Clover, contract
grade. $8 30. , - i. .¦'""• :¦¦¦* ¦¦
Articles — • \ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls.' 23,000 20,000
Wheat bu.. 33.000 168,000
Corn bu., 102,000 368.000
Oats bu 234.000 315,000
Barley, bu ........ 1S.000 3.000
Angoras,'. 75c; large and smooth. 50c; medium,
85c. ¦ ....
TALLOW — No.- 1 rendered.- 6&G6c per lb:
No. 2, 4#®5c; grease, 2&@3Hc.\>
WOOL— Spring — Northern ¦ free,' 14@16c; do
defective. 13@14c; Middle County free, 13@15c;
do. defective. 1201.1c; Southern. 12 months, l>@
10c; do, 7 months, 0@lle; Foothill. ll@i3c.
Nevada. 12® 15c per lb.
HOPS — 12c for fair and 13@14c per lb for
food to choice. . . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO j GALL, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
New York Grain and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
11
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
C J Carter & w, Sacto
J McCarby, Jackson
J O Caldwell & w, Ida
VV W Henley. Ill
Wm K Foot. Ridge. La
B T Gaylord. Crockett
C R Holt & w. San Raf
Mrs J. Tnomas, Los An
Frank Steupp, Wls
John Steupp, Wls
Mrs M HUlborn. Fhila
E P Bettenck, Sacto
M Carney. Kansas CItj
:W Carney, Kansas Cltj
O Heshler. Allegheny
J J Sutton, Confidence
W T Tipton. Kan Cltj
Mrs J Carter, Oakland
C I- Rath. Ansel Island
J C Sillls. Summerianc
A L Teles, S L. Obispt
I One OTIock 1
(Saturday,
• When • we close our offices, shares
jf Tacoraa Company Steel Corpora-
tion go, tb 20c. . except to out-of-
town clients whose orders bear date
jf May 10. Shares now 13c cash, 13c
on installments. Best thing to buy
for profit. •. ..
I The American Guaranty and Trust Co.,
P 82C-823 Hiywaii EiHiing.
AUCTION SALES
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
AUCTIONEERS. 633 MARKET ST.
FRIDAY, May D. at 10::J0 a. m. on th»
premises, 717 FILLMORE ST.. near Hayes, w»
will sell toe elegant upright piano_ costly up-
holstered mahogany .' frame sofas, divan*,
eaey and reception chairs, valuable bronzn
figures, vases and ornamenta, costly cabinet,
choice marquetry and mahogany tables,
splendid engravings, oil paintings and etch-
ings, fine dining-room and chamber furniture,
velvet and body brussela carpets, etc.
N. B. — For Items see Chronicle.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
JF\_^ AUCTION SALE of 150 head broken
•*'-** horses. The final of the GERMAN
GOVERNMENT horses. Full particulars later.
Sale to take place May 22 and 23 at 1732 Market
St., San Francisco. W. H. HORD, Live Stock
Auctioneer. ¦-.THE SA^ FR^NCISGO C^iLLj FJilDA 1, MAY 9, 1902.
12
nUSINRSS CHANCES— Continued.
A — BUTCHER shop In the Mission; horse and
wagon. Ice house, smoke house, etc.; owner
wishes to leave city; price ?S50. • • *
- Branch bakery at IGth and Valencia sts.; 4
living rooms; price ?250. • • • Delicacy
• and produce store; a bargain for the right
¦ person; price $220. • < • • For particular?
call on JOSEPH STRAUB. ST>0 Market st.
LOIJGIAG-HOrSES KOK SALE.
ANY house on monthly payments. *-r>nn
V5 rooms; corner; a bargain. 'i^Xn
40 rooms; central: clears $250 •***{
40 rooms; sacrifice; easy terms l«pj
25 rooms; rent $30; income $85; only «•»
9 rooms; corner; very good ;j<j»
7 rooms; snap: Geary st -""
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
Rms. 7-S. «0C Market st.. cor. Ellis, upstairs.
5550 — S ROOMS; downtown; clears $C0: $200
cash, bal. monthly. RETSLOFF. '.X)0 Market.
Business Is booming here.
We never advertise fakes:
Money to loan; low Interest.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St. (upstairs).
Office near Call building.
L i. Our telephone — Biack 1-8-0-3.
¦ : Correspondence -solicited. v
List your house with us by telephone.
All houses for sale on our Installment plan. .
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
GOOD transient house; new furniture $lR00
3C rms. : mechanics' hotel; man and wife <5n
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 0500
300 rooms; corner house; for men... 5000
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent.. 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $65: terms.. 1400
40 rooms; man house; rent ?15; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses" and fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market et.
"We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city. ¦
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$So0
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; tunny fiat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 000
Money loaned at l',4 per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market et. — (Inc.). -Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to . lease.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328. ,
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,
flats, all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
"STREET railway strike" does not change the
list of bargains offered In lodging-houses dur-
ing the present week by
G. AV. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market Et. (upstairs), bet. 5th & 6th sts.
Buyers, notice above announcement- and
call at his office before you buy a house. .
APARTMENT house, 27 rooms, elegantly fur-
nished; rent $125; going EaEt: sacrifice for
$2t3CO. Morrison & Co._^2C Montgomery^ r. 4.
LODGING house. 19 rooms: transient: clearing
$185 per month; price $1500: easy terms. MOR-
RISON & CO., 26 Montgomery St.. room 4.
So ROOMS; rent $05: lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workingmen: house clears $125
?. rr.oath; furniture mixed; house must be sold
on account of other business. For particulars
address box 1724.. Call office.
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINSON & CO.. 105 Ellis St., room 10
(Glascow block).
LODGING-HOUSE on Turk St.. 9 rooms; rent
$45; price $500. F. DE FREITAS & SIMS,
413 Kearny et. . \
SPIR.ITOALISM.
MRsT'jTTT'wHrrNEY. trance, bus. medium; j
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter ?2. 1164 OFarrell St.; Ellis car.
C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night. 8 o'clock; only friends admit-
ted. ,10S4 Bush St.; ?1; Phone Larkin 4133. ,
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night; also Sun- I
cay; sealed letters ans.,10c; readings. 132 6th. ! ,
ETHEL CRINDLE, materializing seance Fri-
day evening. 50c. 325 Ellis st.
"KATIE HEUSSMANN. 1774 15th St.. nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.. 25c; readings dally.
MRS. HCBBABD, 109 Oak. circle Tuesday and
Friday. S p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; reading dally. :
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured cr no pay. Avondale, 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. :!2S Ellis; readings dally";
phone Polk 1C01; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: test toall to-nlght^lOc
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS ,\
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome ',
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. 'Tel. Black 4560.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE— The great reader of
human, destiny; first registered clairvoyant
and palmist ever in San Franciscac extraor-
dinary clairvoyant power, combined with his !
superior knowledge of occult forces and the |
science of palmistry, enables him to read hu- j
man destiny with unerring accuracy. 127 Ellis.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered. $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and vear of birth.
I .
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — secsnd sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng-.ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. I'M Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.: full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m.to S p. m.
j MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 120« Market
¦ St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. roctss 25 and 26.
ARRIVED — Mme. J. Lyons, the famous medium
of the Northwest; locates mines, unites sepa-
rated, finds treas. 1016 Market, parlors S-9.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. "What
I tell comes true; send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
25c— SPECIAL, one week. PROF. MILEs",
J clairvoyant, palmist. 1010 Mission, nr. 6th.
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
r^ad accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521>4 Eddy.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlstu
hcurs 11 to 3; readings by mail. 125 Turk st.
[ MRS BROWN, clairvoyant card reader: Iadie3
i 25c; gents 50; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. JENNIE REYNOLDS. ' life reader, lats
of Los Angeles, is now at 1008% Market st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant reader, palmis-
try: truth or no pay. 2CV£ Kearny. room 2.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 2G2 Minna st.. nr. 4th.
CARPET 'BKATINO A^ND CLEANINO.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ln? works, 333-357 Tehama st.; tel. .South 40
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;uphcister-
ing.1213 Market.bct.8th&3th;tel.Howard.2012.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
KtDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st. ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
S33 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 120.
IMPROVED carpct-cleanlng works. 1512 Polk:
tel. East 725. A, G. KLEINERT. Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th et. ; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
CEORG^^V?^EIA^Y^Agericy^N^^iiSLrge
unless t-Hccessful. Room 310. »27 Market st.
COTTAGES SUBURIIAN— TO LKT.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) new cottage; 7~rooms/
bath: furnished. A. R. HARRISON. 78
Geary et. - -
_I>ENTISTS.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcT^MarketTcor.
" 4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done- pain-
l«rtsly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crown* $3 00 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up: office hours. » a m. -to 9 p. m. ; Sundays
0 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager!
EASY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st., cor. Mason—
Expert painless extractors^ skilled operators;
gas given ;Nady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON. D.D.S:. proprietor and manager.
A NEW piate — The Whalebone— cannot brfak-
van-anted 20 yrs.; crowns. $.1 50; fillings 50c:
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago . Dental Parlors; 24 Sixth st;
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor Bush
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 50c.'
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.— Expert
¦workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SAN FRANCISCO CAM*.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
CW1, corner of Market and Third streets; open
nntil 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 3:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 0:30 p. m.
&i9 McAllister street; open until 8:30 p. m. .
315 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
30« Eleventh etrc-et; open until » p. m-
101W Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
North west corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until » p. m. •
2200 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
LA PARFAITE Union Lodee No. 17. n
F. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS £\_
(FRIDAY) EVENING, st 8 o'clock; TIV
first degree. By order of the W. M. ' TT >
P. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodpe No. 30. F. and m
A. M. — Called meetins THIS (FRI- _J%
DAY) EVENING, at 7 o'clock; third jjjf
degree. By order of the W. M. rv'
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. ,*§**««!&.
F.— Third l3d) decree THIS :§2*23£|C
(FRIDAY) NIGHT. May 9. by
Apollo Lodce degree team. Me- *"•"'
mortal Hall. 8 o'clock. Visitors cordially In-
vited. W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
XV. F. NORCROSS. Rec. -Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. IS, K. **ma^
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) /d8*Wk
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer fSffena
Hall. 2i Fourth st. *»d$6#
H. H. CASTLE, Xgggyy
Record Keeper.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING — A meeting of
the stockholderi of the United Crude OH
Ccmpany will be held at the office of the
company. <18 Parrott building. In the city
and county of San Francisco State of Call-
lc.rr.la. on TUESDAY. May 13. 1902 at 12
«'clock noon, for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
WILLIAM LEACH. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by th« hy-
dioulic process from H. L. Clark, in the
Gold Point mine, at Brownsville, Yuba Coun-
ty, to deposit tailings In the dam of the
Oolden Needle mine In Dry Creek, and from
M. P. Beever. In the Castello .mine. at
Brownsville, Yuba County, to der^it tailings
in Dry Creek, gives notice thilT a meeting
will be held at room 04. Flood building, San
Francisco, Cal.. on May 19. 1902. at 1-30
p. m.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 cacres. sent to any address In the
1'nlted States or Canada one year for $1.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; sll cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorcesa specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market ct.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
a'.l cases. J. JJ. THURSTON. 819 Market st.
L. P. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., !»27 Mar-
k?t st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
iltCYCLUS— For Sale or fixchonsr.
.'.LLEN has some swell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and Eee lor yourself; repairing.
."::l Larkin st. and 3C5 Market st.
IIIRDS. DOGS. ETC. "
WARBLING canaries and nil kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet Block,
••ages, globes, aquariums; bird, and animal
_ i cod of all kinds. 1510 Market st.,bet.Sth&9th.
KOUISCN'S BIRD STORE— ™ ~ '
l£w and 337 Kearny st.
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC. .
Largest and best appointed place In the country.
BOOKS NEW ANIJ OLD. '
UOOKS or all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes 1U9 Market; tel. Howard 194G.
HOOKS. nte\r imd old. bought, sold and ex-
changed. TV. L. PAXSON. 22 Seventh et. ¦
UUSlNttSS CIIAACKS.
A— $800; REsTAO'r\NT~l[nTchop''houTe~op^
ixjsitf railroad depot; place established years
*n<l doing a good paying business. Call 11.
O. WILKE. 20 Vi Kcarny st.
A — $750; CORNER delicatessen^ store with
tliree nice living rooms, in the choicest loca-
tion in Uie city; rent |25; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
quire R. G. WILKE, 2<Hi Kearny st. \
A— $275; SALOON, with hall, in first-class lo-
cation, on San Mateo electric R. K.; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— StGO; CORKER saloon, on Folsom Bt. ; rent
*:»; good paying business; value In Eight;
large transient custom. Call H. G. WILKE,-
IMS '.4 Kearny st.
A— $1250; HAMMAM. Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest Improve-
ments; nrst -class location. See R. G.
WILKE. 2GV4 Kearny st.
A — *250U; COFFEE saloon close to Chronicle
building; a good business; dally receipts
about |75. cr owner will take honest man
for partner. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tJi4 Kearny.
A — $400; CORNER saloon on Montgomery st. ;
rent $25; owner must sell at once, as family
affairs call him East. R. G. WILKE. 26 \±
- ' * ' Kearny tt.
A— $350; SALOON In wholesale district* rent
$42 50; place Is estab. for many years and
doing a good-paying business; only reason
for eale partners bought hotel In the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 2ttV4 Kearny.
A— *25OO: HARDWARE^ cutlery and tool
ttore doing a large business: location first
class; rent low; stock will invoice the price,
or party willing to take stock. Call H. G
WILKK. 2S\j Kearcy Et.
A— $2500; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
bt. ; established for years and known as first-
class paying propEition; rent $175; return
rent $»3; investigate at once; rare chance
R. G. WILKE. _-tt^ Kearny st-
A— «50; PARTNER wanted; suited to plain,
fteady young man satisfied with $13 to $20 a
•week; no previous experience required; shoi-
fcours. 25 Gear}' £t.. room L
A— $SOU; PARTNER wanted in established bus-
iness; $18 to $25 a week; too much work for
one; no night or Sunday work; duties light
and easily learned; trial gi\-en before buj-irg
£5 Geary St.. room 1. -¦•«>.
FIRST-CLASS country hotel; must be sold on
account of fickness: price $2500; average
monthly business $1150; this Is a chance for
1 or 2 hotel men; half cash and half to suK-
full Investigation of the place and books ac-
corded. Inquire at McBRIDE & CO "S Tii r .
Market st. ' \ . .
TVE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or
«xchan E e. Call or write for our free list
MEALY & CARR. 713 Market st.. room 1%.
DE FREITAS & SIMS, 413 Kearny st Real
Estate and Business Agents. We buy sell
and make quick exchanges in real estate
lodging houses, business opportunities; money
loaded cn furniture at lowest rates.-
$9000 — A good opportunity to obtain a half
interest in a manufacturing plant. Including
a half interest in the realty; location cen-
tral; convenient to S. P. R. R. : Bee own«r
by calling on J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery.
NURSERY and florist business for sa!e- *ar-
g&in; owner must leave the city by 'july
buyer can work himself into the business by
working for salary until he wishes to take
postesrlon. CARLSON. 500 Halrht Bt.
A— 30 CIGAR Etan<Ji>: prices. $75 to~$2000; rents
$•5 to $125 monthly; profits. $2 to $7 daily
HEDGES. 4G1-462 Parrott bldg.. 825 Market!
GROCERY and bar; erood stock; established 17
years. Capp and 17th sts.; call evenings.
A — $500; RESTAURANT. cx>p. Santa Fe deooi-
receipts $2U day. STRAND. 209 Kearny st. '
MUST sell; buttfr factory doing a good busl-
nt-rr; an expert buttermaker will remain
with buyer. Cal. Business Assn., 865^ Mkt.
RESTAURANT, srrilfand liquors; best business
in the city; worth Investigation. Box 948
Call office. '
FOR sale — An established delicatessen store In
Hayes Valley; $30 a day income; rent $25- 3
rooms and kitchen in rear: good business for
• man and wife. Call at 645 McAllister st
between 11 and 1.
GOOD- PAYING firet-class saloon: continual
illness of proprie«.or cause of sale. Inquire
at 291 O'Farrell at. for further particular*
na agents. - ¦ - '
GROCERY and especially bar; downtown- besl
corner In city. Inquire BEN J. GOLMAN lit
Bush et - :
f250 WILL buy best fitted up, well established
and centrally located real estate office in the
city; fine opportunity. Box 940. CaM office.
FOR SALE — First-cluBs cigrar eteind; good lo-
cation: business part of«clty; no agents. Box
1C29, Call office.
FOR sale— A saloon with good stock of liquors
lunch served dally. Call at once, 521 Market
FOR sale — An evening paper route centrV.lj
U-cated. Box 832. Call office.
.EKTACRAXT for sale; living rooms complete;
bo trlflers. ISO Second Bt. .
GOOD Inside route on morning raptr for Bale
204 Lca.vcr.worU) et.
MATTRES5RS AND PILLOWS.
" * * ¦ -.n.,1^. I.,. i. i «— i - - ~* — i . i ..
TO order; also' cleaned and sterilized: uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar- •
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Buah 421.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window
shades. J. f. Hotter. 721 Mission :tel. Main 730.
¦ MEDICAL.
A — DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
case3 taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. O. XV. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 101S Mkt.. op. Sth.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known reliable ladles'
socialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home la
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8. Re- '
moved to 1008% Market st., opposite Sth st.
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladles' special.
1st. 30 years" experience removed to lOO.sv,
Market st.; opp. Sth: hours 9 to S and 7 to 8.
THE new" method i 3 by distillation, obtaining
the essence of the buds and berries of thoso
several trees^ — pines, flr. etc. The foregoing
describes Kinney's Rheumatic and Kidney
Remedy. "K.- R. K. R." Send direct to
KINNEY MEDICINE CO.. Los Angeles. In-
closing 75c in stamps, for a bottle. Rheu-
matic and kidney trouble disappear.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero, nr. 18th. a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.'
experience In midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
care; infants adopted; confinements. $15; rm.
&board $5 week: all who are sick or In trouble
consult me before going elsew're. TaLBIue41t.
DR AND MRS. DA VIES and HINTDOHERB
original method of treatment. Moved from
1228 to 1126 Market st. HJfL
MRS. DR GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants free;
fee low. 906 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
MRS D ALLEN. 111S Market — Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN 1007% Market St., near Sixth,
treats ladle's only; relief In all cases taken.
LADIES— Kumrond Is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. opposite
" Union Square: all diseases cured try herbs.
MONEY TO LOAN.
X—H.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender. v'V
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages. •-' ;
Cn third mortgages. ,-
On undivided interests In real estat*.
On estates in probate."
Telephone Main 6516.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room X
A— HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bl«
...; $4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
...On First and Second Mortgages......
On Life Interests in Estates -
Property Being Held In Trust......
¦ .....Undivided Interests In Real Estate .
Life Insurance Policies; Estates In Probate.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
/....IF YOU NEED MONET
Bee HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.^
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc>. ~~
$300 OCO at 5% and 6 per cent In sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second morteages, life Insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies: will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO., CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; flrst^ >™
second and third mortgages, estates In pro- —
bate interest in. estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan In sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.. at lowest rate of
Interest; private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis St., room 10 (Glasgow
block). ¦
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
' Market St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate'. 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER, 30 Geary St.. rm. 30.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery St., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furnl-
' ture, pianos: no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLBY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON" furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos.
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
. no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos: fewest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; private
party. St. Ann's bldg.. ft Eddy, r. 104. Sth flr.
3% OX furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 17C9. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people without security. /
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California. 1
O. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit: Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month oo each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
Indorser. M0P>RELL. 609 Examiner bids.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. "Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan. bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS, i
AS we are closing oat the Hallet Sk Darts
agency on account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we win sell new
Hallet & Davis $350 styles for $185; 200
pianos. 20 different makes to select from;
some special bargains:
1 Bourne $17
1 Weber { 65
1 Knabe 95
1 Marshall < 135
3 £ mlth & Barnes $133 to 24O
2 Ste'nway 265 to 385
3 Heine 235 to 385 ¦
2 Chlckerin* 195 to 280 -
5 Organs 15 to 23
Rents, $2; Installments. $3. or your owa
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine HaH.
235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered In the way of price*
ar>d terron upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arrortment cf best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
,cor. Kearny and Butter sts., S. F. i Broad-
T?ay and Thirteenth sts, Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm«
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. at regular
price ; costs yon only 20c a day to buy | a
p.'ano from us. KOHLER &j CHASE. 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1S30. ' _^
ATTENTION, BARGAIN-HUNTERS—
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
' Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ Sa
SON 16 to 20 CFarre!l. Checkering. Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sale
only bv the Wiley B. Allen Co.. -.031 Market '
St.; San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players. ' - j
UPRIGHT p'ano. $100; splendid bargain: best"
renting pianos In city for $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO., SCO Hayes st.
A BARGAIN — Private party must sell at ones
elegant walnut case, upright piano, on ac-
count departure for East. 522 Eddy st.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano; must be
sold at once. Room 2, 237 Geary st.
A FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
BUY ft WIssner or a Baumelster If you want a
reliable article. . MAUVAUS'. 760 Market st.
Compelled sacrifice by private family leaving,
$.'¦50; new upright grand piano. 595 Ellis st.
SNAP— 2 only, new. $430; high-grade uprights.
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn.208Po»t.
$170;srreat saortfice:almost new upright. Schmlta
6 Co.. 10 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
BTRON MAUZY. SC.S-?.1O-.'512 Post st.; Sohmer
end other pianos and pipe organs.
SUFERIOR. violins, zithers, old. and new H*
MTTLLHtC. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call
1ft pages. .In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
' OFFICES "AND STOKES TO LET.
STORE and 3 rooms; Mission St.. between 12th
' and 13th; rent $15. Apply to C. S. CAPP &
CO.. Real Estate Agents. .630 Market st. _
$22 50 — STORE/ with 'rooms for families- large '
yard. 1C5« Howard; best block for business. "
$700— VARIETY store; stock and fixture* for
sale and to let; rect $23. AppIySJ53 Fifth »t.-
STORE with large basement, below Kearny;
alterations to suit tenant. 036 Clay, room L.
.. FURNITURE FOR SALE.'
FOR SALE— Cheap, 'furniture of three house-
keeping rooms; going north; must sell to-<lay.
.11 Day st., off Guerrero, bet. 29th and 30th.
* ROOMS furni.'hed In oak, $4S 50. with No.'.J
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
i FURNITURE WANTEI*.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
__ _ ¦¦ _ ij> .- :• " GiL _ OVES> .- • - - . : " '_'-•'-
SPECIAL sale ' Danicheff glove, own make, at
00c 121 Grant ave.
- HELJ>, WANTED — -FEMALE. ..
AT C. R. HANSEN~&TcO.'S...... 429 Bush st
"..... .HOTEL DEPARTMENT. . : . . . :
Head pantry woman, .springs - • .$30
Chambermaids, help's hall, same place.. $20
Woman for housecleaning, summer resort.$20
Cook,*- 12 people, summer resort, boss here.$35
Waitress, watering resort, see boss here. .$20
Assistant cashier grocery store. . . .$4 week
Mother and daughter, cook and assistant. $40
Lunch waitress ......;...... .......60c
Chambermaid, institution, city • • • $20
,4 waitresses, Arizona, free fare fjM
2 waitresses fare here, south ........ $*0
60 waitresses, resort, city, country hotels _
• ¦>••¦ ' ..•.••••"••••••" $20-*30
.....:. . .family" department. . . .', ....
Come and see us If you want work as a
cook, second girl, nursegirl, housegirl, at
best wages. •
C. R. j HANSEN &CO. . ...... • .429 Bush Bt.
/ Opposite California Hotel..
WANTED — First-class second girl- and seam-
stress, $30; parlormaid and waitress, San
Mateo, $30; 8 eecpnd girls, city and country.
$25; 6 waitresses" for resorts, $25; 8 cham-
bermaids and waitresses, city and country,
$20; housekeeper, $25; 10 hotel and restau-
rant waitresses, $25, $30; 3 cooks, little wash-
ing, $30; 2 nurseglrla, $20; 4 email hotel
cooks, $30; 4 housework girls, $30; also a
large number of girls for all kinds of house-
work in Oakland. Alameda, San Rafael, with
and without washing, at $20, $25, $30. Apply
to J. F. CROSETT &. CO., 334 Sutter St.
WANTED — Trained nurse for Invalid; ¦ refer-
ences; position $40, J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st. \; , \ ' • "
2 WAITRESSES/ first-class resort, near city.
$25. MRS. "M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
6 WAITRESSES, commercial hotels, $25: 14
other waitresses, $20. MRS. M. E., DAY,
335 Geary st. ¦ " - ¦
MIDDLE-AGED waitress, commercial hotel,
-$40. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st. -
WOMAN cook, small hotel, no dishwashing,
$35. MRS.' M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS laundress, 3 days week, $1 B0
day. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary at.
A — WAITRESS, $20; chambermaid, assist walt-
" ing, $20; dressmaker, $1 per day; German wo-
man for ranch, $20; 3 young girls for light
housework/ .COAST EMP. CO., 502 Taylor
St., cor. Geary;- phone Black 2194.
A SECOND girl, $25; two laundresses, $30
each; a housekeeper, $15; woman ., with a
J child, $15; ranch cook. $40; boarding-house
cook. $30. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING ; STEADY WORK ; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — A competent- woman to do general
housework In private family. Address box
041. Call office.
WANTED— Lady partner for mountain resort;
must have some money; land deeded. Ad-
dress box 805, Call office.
SEAMSTRESSES wanted. GOLDSTEIN &
CO., Coi-tumers, 733 Market st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. 1629
McAllister st. . . ¦ -- ' - '
GIRL for general housework. 3775 Twenty-
fifth st. .
WANTED— Body Ironer at the French Laun-
dry -Company. 3372 Mission st.
PAID apprentice - 1 to learn dressmaking and
skirt hand at 14 Grant ave.. room 64.
| YOUNG girl wanted for. light housework; no
washing or baking. 121 Fillmore st.
WANTED — A first-class waitress at 304 Mason
st; wases $8 a week. :
EXPERIENCED waitress; steady work; good
. pay; also girl to learn. > 725 Market st. ' '
WANTED — Clffar box pa«ter: • also an . appren-
tice; paid' while learning. ¦ 226 Fremont st.
WANTED — Experienced Jacket hand on alter-
ation work. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.
at HALE. BROS.' > "
"WANTED — Halrdresslng and manicuring ap-
prentice; paid while learning. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.' •
WANTED-^-Flrst-class hair dresser and mani-
cure. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.' .
WANTED — First-class suit and waist seam-
stress. Apply between 8 and 11' a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Ventilator and hair worker. Apply
between 8 and 11 a.-m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8. and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32 Vi FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — 5" girls to learn halrdresslng, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posl- !
tlons waiting; private customers assure $50
• to $75 per month; day and evening class.
College. 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — A young girl for light | housework
and to help In store: must give references;
good wages. BEYER'S Confectionery, cor-
ner Haight and Scott sts. ; call between 7
and S p. rm.-
BRIGHT, self-reliant woman with fair educa-
tion; employment refined and remunerative.
Box 1740. Call office. y '
WANTED — Middle-aged or I elderly woman to
assist in light housework: good home:
j wages $10 to J12. Apply 1649 Post st.
Halrdresslng. massage,-^man leur 1 ng, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.: 2 wks.,$5. College. 1236
Market, rm. 94;. splendid position; day, eve.
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. 'Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
YOUNG girl for -light- general" housework;
wages |15. 2107 California st. . .
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Black
Goods House, 1106 Market bL - _
WANTED—^Glrls for a dance hall in mining ,
town; big money. 'Address box 1747, . Call.
GIRL 14 or 15 to help in family of two. Call
. at 911 Stelner st. : '
COOK, Central Hotel. Hay wards; German or
Scandinavian preferred; plain cooking only.
EXPERIENCED operator on gents' custom
and stock shirts. Rogerson'e. 535 Valencia st.
GIRL for light housework; good home; small
family. 623 Haight st. > ' .
WANTED— A girTto help in dining-room at
515 Valencia st . ¦'..'¦
WANTED — Girl , to . work in shooting gallery.
Apply restaurant, 523 Pacific st. , ¦
APPRENTICE- for dressmaking; paid while
learning. * 121 Post St., room 49.' .- ¦'¦ ' •¦
WANTED— An experienced talloress. Please
¦ call at 455 Eighth St.. Oakland. - -
WANTED — Experienced . shirtmakers. EAG-
LESON & CO., 535 Market rt. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- received at Call b>— nch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has' been established . at 1096
Valencia Et. '¦'"-•¦• .', " ." : ' - - x
\ HELP \VA.\TEI> — MALE.
AT THE CAL. . EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
59 Third st.; near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
.........RAILROAD LABORERS .........
.....FREE FARE........ FREE FARE...:.
100 teamsters, Nevada.. . .$2. to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers; laborers.... ...... .$2 25 day
50 concrete men.. .-...".'. ......"..... .$2 25 day
" ' Setter or .screw turner, sawmill, Slskij;ou
" County ........... .$50 per month and ¦ found
. ' 2 doggers.'. ,~.~.;. .$57 60 per month and found
.2 hooktenders... .$57 50 per month und found
10 lumber pliers... '..'.. \.~. $2 to $2 25 per day
.'••¦¦ CAL/ EMP. AGENCY, 59, Third. St.
ANDRE'S office. 316 1 Stockton i St.— Cook'; and
' as helper for bottdlng-house, $60; cook,:
• • $-10; -dishwasher.- $20. J same -place; , cook -for
;„ springs, -?40 to start; cook,* $70; waiter, coun-
»- try.' boarding-house. $30; -waiter, - city," $40;
:; dishwasher for coffee 'house, $30; vegetable-
' man, $.'10; 2 waltersj for plain restaurant, $30;
. assistant ¦ cook, 7 $7 a week... .
COOK -for 'springs' resort,' 1 '' $70; - second," $40.
o; MRS.' M.' J K.-;PAY;. ...... . . . .335. Geary st.
BARTENDEIT for night/ watch.i hotel, country,
: ; $40.' ¦;. MRS." M. . E." DAY, ; 335 , Geary , at. . ¦ . *• ¦
STRONG boy to'" run "errands,' printing office.
¦ BENT & MEY1JRDERKS., 40 California "st.
DENTISTS— Continued.
MEI'ER, 4G O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk St.—
.Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. .18*1 Polk st. ¦' ?
URKSSMAKJBRS AND SEA31STxtESSE3_
MCDOWELL DresTmakiruTand Millinery S h-ol;
corset-making taught; patterns cut.' 1019 Mkt.
LATEST style skirts $1; children's- dresses a
specialty. 7S . Rausch st., bet. 7th and Sth.
educational. , -
hIsaTd^^schwl^f^eIlectrical engi-
j .VEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and t;hop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. *
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions In March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busi-
ness College, 1236 Market sU \ .
G^LLAGHER^MARiH~BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had any-
where; indorsed by official court reporters.
13S2 Market st. ¦ . " / -
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A— $50; LIFE' scholarship at ATRES* Business
College, 723 Market St.. pays for combined
commercial and shorthand courses; new type-
writers; positions secured; catalogue free.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey. assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall..
ACCOUNTING— Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college' graduates perfected.
. TARR. expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA "Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60- page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College, 530- Golden Gate
ave.. S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; posifn when qualified.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
SPANISH, French.etcProf.DeFilippe's Academy
of Languages,320Post;estab'dl871;able8t profs.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons. 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
STENOGRAPHY & typewriting; individual In-
struction; Pitman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
11 etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND t.iught by mail or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT, 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80- page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
-.LLEVATOKS.
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.5C5 Mlssion;tel. John 3S58.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help.. 420 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert,' reliable help.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 4111.4 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 610.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. .Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kiiids help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
A SWEDISH housegirl; good cook; city refer-
ences. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chil-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for men. Call OS to 76 Ellis St., \ room 131;-
between 1' and 4 p. m. - ¦ . ; • '
RESPECTABLE Jforaan wants . situation to
assist with housework ; no objection to
country- Apply in rear of 435 Fulton st.,
near Octavla.
AMERICAN woman wishes situation as work-
Ing housekeeper; neat and reliable. MRS.
FAIRBANKS, Cotati. Sonoma County.
A YOUNG colored woman desires a olace In
private family to do light housework. 1412
Powell St., downstairs. f .
RELIABLE woman wants position for kitchen
work; no Sunday work and sleep home. 23^
Sixth st., room 22. '
LADY will exchange services for housekeep-
ing rooms for couple and child. Address G.,
053 Mission st. ¦ '
SWEDISH girl wants situation as children's
nurse. Box 1756. Call office.
YOUNt! lady desires position as cashier; best
references. Address box 956, Call office.
GIRL wants situation for general housework.
1330% Natoma st., near 15th.
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing
or housecleaning. Please call at 701 Natoma.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $8 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
WANT ads and, subscriptions taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st. •
CLASSIFIED advertisements an4 subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements, and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st--
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE. .
STENOGRAPHER and accountant, experienced
In lumber and shipping, desires employment; j
best of reference; no objection to country. '
Box SO." Call office.
TWO young -men (colored) want positions as
porter, coachman or valet; referetices. COAST
- EMP. CO.. 5C2 Taylor St.; phone Black 2194.
YOUNG man, 24 years of age. would like
steady work In wholesale house of any kind.
Address F. A., 733 Vermont St., city. ,
A" YOUNG man wishes position as assistant
steward in hotel or restaurant; ;-alary no
object. STEWARD, box 1741. Call, office.
RESPECTABLE boy wishes position to drive
light wagon; first-class references. Box
1755. Call office.
YOUNG German wishes position as horseman,
work around the house; handy with tools.
Address Gardener, 724 Mission St. -
YOUNG man. with security $150, wants posi-
tion of any kind. Address box 947, CalL
YOUNG man, well position of any
kind; speaks 4 languages. Box 955, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS eeneral machinist and mill-
wright, tool and die maker, expert on en-
gines, pumps, hydraulic machinery and
presses, dauchtsman and oatternmaker, R.
R. and stat. engineer, first-class references,
wants suitable position. E. B., box 1609, Call.
WANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant,
cashier, clerk, business manager, expert ' ac-
countant or otherwise; electric * execution,
strenuous. Imperturbable. N. R." G., box
. Kill, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received st Call branch office," 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
' subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Ft. ¦
. r^_n^ ~ " „ „ „ ' y *?- A j^.*?? A . L>
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; U. S.
llcr-nsed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
Investigate our 5 per cent Income bond propo-
sition tp guarantee stock issues of new en-
terprises; Etocks underwritten on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," an up to date financial paper;
we have always opportunities for investors
.to come In on the ground floor of first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining- and Investment Co., 320 Post
St.; established 1892. - ..- ,¦ .-
——————————
NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath. 407 A
Grove st.
MINNA", 735, near Ninth — Elegant bay win-
dow, 6 rooms and bath. ! . '
ELEGANT new sunny upper flat;-]© rooms
and bath. 870 Eddy St., near Van Nesi avo.
NEW lower flat, . 6 rooms and bath. "' 1333 Ma-
scnic ave., near Waller St.; $27- 50.
$15 — FLAT of 13 rooms.' 27 Broadway. ..
PINE. 2132—6 rooms, bath ; all modern ; largs
back yard: fine basement. ¦- Owner.! 2134 Pine.
FLATS . TO - LKT — F V KNISHISU. '
SUNNY corner flat, 4 rooms; nice, neat,' com-
plete. 372C Twenty : thlrd,st., .near Dolores.
tTTCT.T* W>» \TF.n— .HI A i.V.. — row.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 429 Bush st.
! Free Fare ". ¦ .Free Fare
.....". ..New Railroad Work
.¦..-. ;¦ FOR NEVADA
FOR NEVADA •••-
500 teamsters,. ......$2 a day
500 laborers , $2 a day
500 concrete men.. $2 25 a day
'500 rockmen .;.... .$2 to *2 25 a day
Ship . . To-night
...:... FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
5(iO tunnel men, drillers, machine men
muckers and outside laborers, $1 To to *J
a day. ¦
3 foremen for railroad work, $3 a day: 10
laborers for factory near city. $2 a day; *\
sack sewers. $2 25 a day; 20 lumbermen and
laborers, country sawmill, $30 to $->•>; -
pond men, country sawmill. $40 and found,
' farmers, milkers choremen and others
| Steam shovel engineer for Vulcan steam
shovel, for Nevada, free fare •
HOTEL DEPARTMENT . . ....
Head cook. $90; second cook and baker. *W
for summer resort; head cook, $50; secona
cook. S35; dishwasher. $20, for summer re-
sort; head waiter and 2 waiters, country
/ hotel, $35 and #30; C waiters, country ho-
f teis. $30 and $25; pantrymen, dishwashers.
kitchen hands and others "\"'\'
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED — A few energetic. Intelligent gentle-
men to present ail attractive, flrst-class finan-
cial proposition;' successful candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, daily from 2
to 4 p. m., except" Sunday, St. Nicholas Hotel,
room 237, 1606 Market st. .
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, V.
S. navy; ablebodled, -unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Tailor for branch store near thla
city; will sell half or whole Interest; owner
cannot attend to both places. Apply at 519
Market st. - ' — "
ENERGETIC young^an, genteel appearance,
to take permanent charge city soliciting for
established business; $18 per week. Room
115, Phelan building.
WANTED— Bright, wide-awake man with $200
cash as partner In profitable office business;
big money for right party. For full partlcu-
larB apply P. S. DE LUCA. 313 Kearny. r. 1.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade ; barbers 1« de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St. .
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 6th.
"WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
•bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A PRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. ?¦*'•'>: "
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
HORSES AMD WAGONS.
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and. sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. 2-1 «
Third st. WM. G. LAYNG, proprietor.
A LOT of hones for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth Bt.; also buggies, wagons, har-
' ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses— The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. Inquire ORMSBY.
2C Montgomery st. _^
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor. 11th,
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
-M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
! HORSE. $25; 5 sets of single and double har-
ness; 2 buggies; cheap. 70 City Hall ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
j Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness.work.drlvlng horses. 15th&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. B32 Mission at.
* HOUSES . TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to- let: "send for -cir-
cular. G. H.-UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSE of 4 rooms and bath, ?18; Olive ave.,
between Polk and Van Ness, Geary and
O'Farrell. Apply to C. S. CAPP & CO., Real
Estate Agents. 630 Market st.
NICE "bay-window house. 9 rooms and bath;
¦ 12th St., between Mission and Howard; rent
$40; key at corner. Apply to C. S. CAPP &
- CO., Real Estate Agents, 630 Market st.
COTTAGE- six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Ewer place. - _^
HOUSE, 7 rooms and bath. , 1403 Stelner St..
near Ellis. * - ¦" ' .
$35 — A SNAP; 10 new sunny rooms In flrst-
class order. 1449 Devlsadero st. cor. Geary.
HOUSES TO » LET — ¦FURNISHED.
ELEGANT corner residence; Mission warm,
belt; completely furnished; owner (gentlfc-
- man) will board if desired. Address box
1533. Call office..
HANDSOMELY furnished 6-room house. 19
Beulah st.. near the park.
< ~ HALLS TO LET.
FOR rent — Teutbnla Hall, 1332 Howard St.. bet.
Sth and 10th. for a term of years: barroom,
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address K.
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery. 409 Eighth.
INVESTMENTS.
THE Investors' Agency, 137 Montgomery st.,
S. F. Call or write for particulars.
LOST — In this city or on train to Napa, heavy
silver cigarette case; monogram G. N. Proper
reward when returned to 310 Sansome st.
LOST — Large bunch of keys, about April 21;
reward by leaving at 44 East st. C A. Mc-
PHEE. -
LOST — A locket bearing the inscription F.F.
S. T. Finder will please deliver at 1007
Mission st. and receive $2 reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co., 220 Sntter st., needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases. *"-
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pines, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures: big stock: Installments; billiard
and pool tables: easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as new. cost
¦ $250, will sell if taken at once for $100 cash;
bust 38. Box 1728, Call office.
SECOND-HAND bollers,<*englnes, pumpsi, dyna-
mos, water pipe and belting. H. S. WHITE
•> 130 Beale st. ' '
WANTED — To sell good collection of postage
stamps, containing rare Australians and other
. British colonials. G. FELIX, 418 Sutter st.
A — $3 50 Derby and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popular
. Price Hatters, 330 Kearny «t., near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery si
FOR sale — A fresh Durham cow; second calf
122 Farallon st.. Ocean View.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON. •>»«*.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a first-class harness
shop. B. MAART, Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl, 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and, launches. J..E..DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR second-hand machlnery.englneaand boilers
go to D.J.McMa8ters,SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co., 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
-. tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post St.
MISCELLANEOUS AVANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton et. ; phone Bush 4S4.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
¦ send postal; -will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical 'goods. "154 Oth st.; tel." Jessie 2851.
Wanted— 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
1 condition. :FarnsworthElectrtcalWks.,418Turk.
;- HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
A— MURRAY £ READY:... ..Phone Main 5848
• ..Leading- Employment and" Labor Agents..
' ". . . . . . .' . . . .OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. ... ......."
••••••' .5000 R. R. Men.... .......
WE SHIP TO. :...:. .NEVADA;. .'.... .FREE
g Nevada . . :...:... ... .*."..
¦ NEVADA FREE ..:NEVADA
R. R. MEN.... .STATE OF NEVADA
SCO teamsters...... NEVADA.... ..Free Fare
1500. laborers NEVADA.. Free Fare
150 rockmen..... ...FREE. 150 drillers
150 car dumpers. ..... .NEVADA: . FREE
loO concrete men NEVADA FREE
50 carpenters' helpers DO masons' helpers
Wages $2 to $3 day : SHIP TO-DAY
FREE ...FARE FREE
FEE $1, no other expenses.
ENGINEERS^ .. ....... '.'. /.MINERS. F.TC.
Hoisting engineer for a mine $90, see boss
here ;
4. sulphate roasters, mining company, $90,
see boss here.
.2 single-hand miners, good mine, $75; 4,1a-'
borers, surf ace , work, small mines; man to
sharpen drills, quarry, $60; 5 quarry men; 6
laborers, no experience; sack sewers for a
large factory. : ; $2 30 day
¦ 10 laborers, no experience, for city factory; 5
boys, city; 5 men to make wire beds, city
.factory; machine men; 10 teamsters, near i
city, $60; leather worker, city job; 0 stable-
men and buggy washers and hostlers, $30 to
$60; farmer and wife, 90c fare, $40 and found;
5 section hands. S. P. Co.'s work; 150 labor-
ers and teamsters, city arid country, $1 75
to $2 50 day; 2 carriage painters; 5 teamsters,
city, $32 50 and found
..... MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT .....
Blacksmith, ranch," 75c fare.... $50 and found
Blacksmith's helper, country shop $52
8 blacksmiths, shops and ranches.$2 50, $3 day
Woodworker, country shop ,'..$3 day
Bench hand, planing mill, $3 day; 4 carpen-
ters,. $3 day; 6 rough carpenters, $2 50 day.:
- Cabinetmaker, city carpenter, city. .$3 50 day
6 blacksmiths' helpers $40, $52, $60
Blacksmith's helper, camp, city... $40 and fd
SAWMILL— WOOD
FARE PAID. »
20 laborers for large sawmill company, no
experience required, fare paid, $30 to $75 and
. found; 150 laborers, no experience necessary,
mills, yards and woods, different lumber
companies. $30 and $35 and found: cut-off
sawyer, shingle mill; 3 snipers, $57 50 and
found ; 3 shingle packers . . '.
' AGRICULTURAL DEPARTMENT
(...HAY FIELDS, ETC.
CO men to work in hay fields, $30 to $40 and
found; 5 men to run mowers, etc.; 10 scraper
teamsters, large ranch, ?30 and found; 30 !
farmers, orchard and vineyard hands, $20 1
and $30 and foundv 40 milkers, dairies, all
{ parts of State. : $30, $35 and $40 and found;
7 cheese and butter makers, $35 and $40 and
found : 9 choremen and boys, $25. $20 and $15 j
...HOTEL and OTHER DEPARTMENTS...
Cook, small hotel, Arizona $50, fare paid
Cook, small camp. $35 and found
15 cooks, different places. . , .$30 to $50 and fd
2d and 3d bakers and helpers. .$40. $35. $25
15 dishwashers and kitchen hands.$20 and $25
. 2 bedmakers, $30; 3 waiters, boat, $25; por-
*ters. 5. waiters
MURRAY & READY 634 and 636 Clay st.
BOY to assist teamster, $30; cook for men. $10
and found; restaurant cook for country, $50,
see boss in city; ranch cook, $20; 2 hotel sec-
ond cooks for country, $30 and $40; 3 restau-
rant cooks, city, $40 and $70; pastry cook.
. family hotel; boarding-house cook, $50; night
cook and waiter, country hotel,. $35 and
.found; waiters, dishwashers and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
2 MACHINISTS for country,. $3 25 day; 2 car
repairers, $2 25 day; ranclTTilacksmith, $40
and board; -Jobbing blacksmith, $2 50 day;
carpenters, $3 50 day; bench hands, $3 day;
edgerman. $3 day; harness-maker, country
shop; 3 coal miners. $2 00 to $2 75 day; 10
| laborers, for mine, $2 day; 6 laborers, short
distance, $2 day; laborers about mill and
wooda. $35 and tound; laborers for country,
$30 and found, fare advanced; 5 drillers, $2 25
day, free fare; shirt Ironer. $35 and found;
furnace man for mine -and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
MAN and wife, private family, $55 to $60;
groom,- private stable, $55 and room; gar-
dener, $30 and found ; 10 milkers. $30 and $35
and found; 3 men tor haying, $1 35 day and
board; 2 choremen for ranch, $25 and $30
and found; S farmers, $25, $26 and $30 and
found; 3 farmers and wives, $40; 2 sheep
herders. $25 to " $30 and found; driver for
milk wagon. $50: teamsters, $1 25 day and
board and $2 to $2 25 day and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento Et.
WANTED — Neat errand boy for this office. J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st. j
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Vegetable cook for springs, $30; bellboy, $15,
city. :
A MAN and wife small ranch, $45; man and
wife boarding-house, $50. MRS NORTON,
313 Sutter st. . .
WANTED — Youngfman who is an experienced
dry goods wrapper. Apply between S and 11.
a. m. at HALE" BROS.' . -.:
WANTED — Presser for i ladles' 9 tailor-made
.-.suits.* Apply -between 8 and 11 a. m. at
: HALE BROS." -...-.--, ¦»¦ . • -
WANTED— Experienced window dresser. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — First-class wash goods salesman.
Apply between 8 and - 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.' . , .
WANTED — Bright boy from 16 to 18 years of
\ age to learn the dry goods business. Apply
between S and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— First-class silk and dress goods
salesman. Apply between 8 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS'. ¦ •
"WANTED — Experienced wrappers. Apply to
Manager. 9 a. m., with references. D. SAM-
UELS' Lace House Co.
WANTED — Amateur musicians to join mili-
tary reed band. Apply 328 Bush st.. third
«| floor, room 4.
BARKEEPER, German preferred: state refer-
ences; positively no one considered without.
Box 954, Call office.
BARBER Saturday and Sunday. 605- Mission
st. ;- $5. »^.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st.; good wages.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
wages. 105 Tenth st.-
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;
good wages. ! 479 Ninth st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday: wages
$5. 2197% Powell st.
GOOD barber -wanted : - steady wages guaran-
! teed. €52 Sacramento st. .
FIRST-CLASS barber for Saturday evening and
Sunday morning. 328 Montgomery ave. '
BUSHELMAN. repairing shop; call early ready
for work. G. MARTINI. US Montgomery av.
WANTED — Helper to learn bunting decorating
$5 p?r week. E. M. EISFELDER. 528 Turk.
PHOTOGRAPHER wanted; good workman; to
run gallery. ¦ Box 951, Call office.
WANTED — Young men to learn . barber trade
5. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
A WAITER at 2G~Turkj3t^ : ¦(-' : \;.-
WANTED — A first-class dmner waiter at 304
Mason st. ;. wages $4 a 'week.
WANTED — Cook; short order. 2S33 Greenwich
street. ,
GOOD bootblack wanted. Ill Ellis st. Ask for
GEO. . MIGALDER.
WANTED— Bootblack for Saturday and Sun-
day. 202 Fourth st.
WAITER wanted. Capital Restaurant, 206 Mc-
Allister st.
GOOD cook wanted; small restaurant; $35 and
found. 1224- Point Lobos ave. ; Geary cars.
DISHWASHER: first class. Capital Restau-
rant, 206 McAllister st. '.
A BOOTBLACK wanted at 209 Larkin St.; bar-
, ber shop. E. P. RUBE.
WANTED — First-class wrapper. . S. N. WOOD
& CO., 718 Market st. ,
WANTED — Steady, reliable man with $150 for
• an old-established business that will. pay $70
a month; no experience required; light work.
Call at lOlti Market St., room 10. '
WANTED— Boy about 16* for wholesale house.
Address, stating age and experience, box
1Z45, Call office. ..;-,j>.-:'.
A FIRST-CLASS foreman wanted for coat de-
partment; good steady position to tie right
party; good wages. D. J. B., box 1711, Call.
BARBER wanted to rent furnished shop. COS
" Fourth st. -
WANTED— Reliable . young man with some
cash; plain work; no experience required; $15
week; steady place. BROWN. 1221. Market.
MAN wanted to take charge of a dairy of 100
j cows.Address box 34, lone, Amador Co., Cal.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop, ¦ furnished, to let.
•^ Ninth ave-.' and H St., south of park. » •
WANTED— First-class shoemakers on repalr-
- Ing; 3014 Cla-y st. ;.¦•;-.-¦
WANTED — Tailor to work on' coats. Apply at
— 141 Seventh st. ' • , -~
BARBER ehops supplied- with towels, 40c per
100. Phone Kate 2C. . .
BARBER wanted — Good barber, • $15 week. J.
J. SCHNEIDER, Ban Rafael; -tel. Red 15.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price.'.- 563 Mission st., . bet. 1st and 2d sts."
GET ¦ your : shoes . half-soled while : waiting ; ; 25c
v ..: to ¦ 50c.-- • 6C3 Mission 8t., v bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Two - good coopers -' for . making
• ; kegs: ; Apply JOHN OCHSNER, Sacramecto.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. _ MCDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED— Solicitor. . Call ; at ; 1322 Pacific st.,
;.¦ between '8 and 10, a."; m. 1
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
i Australia.' HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st. :-WASHINGTON. May 8.— The* Senate
Committee on Commerce to-day decided
unanimously i to report the nomination of
H. Clay Evans to be Consul General to
London with favorable recommendation..
Favor. Appointment ; of Evans.
LONDON. May 8.— Lord : Kitchener re
ports another, accident 'on May 7 to a train
bound ~.. from "', '¦ Pretoria "'¦¦ to :r Petersburg,
Northern -.Transvaal.- % The cars | were de
railed r at.' a" curve " and an 1 officer and .ten
men were killed. ; .* . .„... ..
British .Train ; Disabled.
{> KELSEYVILLE, May 8.— Frank Har
rington, who .is well known in -Lake
County and who proposed to make his
home in Yolo, disappeared suddenly yes
terday morning. He said he was , going:
on an errand to a neighbor's house -and
would return sin an hour.. Nothing J has
been seen of him since, and no reason can
be, assigned for his prolonged. absence.
Friends Wonder at His Absence.
LONDON, May, S.^-The remains ¦ of Bret
Harte,' who died last Monday, were buried
at Brimley,' Surrey, to-day, in j the presence
of ;hls - wldow,* : son, daughter 'and = a few
friends. Many • beautiful wreaths were
placed upon. thecoffln.-.
- Br«St HaTte left sufficient literary mate
riaUfor the publication of a new volume
of condensed novels.
Eret Harte Buried at Brimley.
i BOSTON, , May 8.— James C. Carter of
New York, president of the National Mu
nicipal League, delivered his annual ad
dress before that body to-day. Carter
explained how corruption originated in
New York politics and asserted that . it
could be; cured by. separating municipal
and party politics. Charles Francis
Adams- of Boston. and Eugene a: Philbin
of New York also delivered addresses. -
Cure for Corruption in Politics.
REDDING; May 8.— The fight which
was bo have taken place at Armory Hall
next Saturday night between Tommy Cox
and Frank Ely is declared off. Cox Is
knocked out in advance. His right arm is
broken. Cox was injured by falling while
boxing.: v . ¦ '. ¦¦-,.. .
Pugilist Breaks His Arm.
SALEM, Or., May 8.— Governor Geer to
day, granted .the requisition of , Governor
Gage of California for the delivery of
George E. Littelir"Wa.nted at Suisun, Cal.,
on a charge of. obtaining money under
false pretenses-. Littell. is. un<3er arrest in
Portland..
Littell Will Be Returned.
CHICAGO; May 8.— The fiftieth anni
versary of the Western Unitarian confer
ence adjourned to-night. . ; The most im
portant business transacted to-day -*was
the consolidation ¦ of the Eastern . and
Western publishing houses of the church
and Sunday-school. I The plant" now main
tained in Chicago will be removed to Bos
ton. The effect? will be to place all . the
publishing interests of. the Unitarian
church 'in the United States under- one
head. '
Publishing Interests Are United.
GRASS VALLEY, May 8.— At an early
hour this 'morning: the body.' of John Sara
was found lying near his cabin, a sbort
distance east of this , city. The find was
made by three boys, who were . going by
on. a fishing expedition. Coroner. Dan'els
has concluded that Sara j was seized with
an attack of heart disease while feeding
his chickens. For over thirty yeara he
has been a resident here.
Dies in Grass Valley.
\ VINITA, I. T/, May 8.— Judge Springer,
attorney for the Cherokees, has been In
structed by I Chief ; Buffington to "appeal
from the decision of the Supreme Court of
the District of Columbia, which sustained
the power of the Secretary the Interior
to lease Cherokee oil lands/ The case in
volves the leases , on 12,000 acres, of oil
lands held by the Cherokee. Oil and Gas
Company, which is said to be a branch of
the Standard Oil Company.
Cherokees Will Appeal.
TRENTON, N. J., May S.— A certificate
was filed with the Secretary of State by
the United Railway Investment Company
of San Francisco increasing its capital
from $2,500,000 to $25,000,000. The company
was originally incorporated in February
last and its. object, It\is understood. Is to
consolidate the trolley lines In j and about
San Francisco. Of the capital stock $15,
000,000 is to be preferred, with 5 per cent
cumulative dividend. > ¦• - ¦ V;:v
x Increasesthe Capital.
EVERETT,. Wash., May 8.-Engineer
Michael J. Riley and Brakeman "A. L.
Kittle were killed this morning by an en
gine crashing through a trestle to the
bottom of a gulch twenty feet below. The
men were in the employ of the Snohomish
Logging Company. The engine fell upon
Riley, killing him instantly. Kittle died
soon after from scalds. Another train
which followed crashed through the same
trestle. The engineer and fireman es
caped by jumping.
Falling Engine Kills Two Men.
SACRAMENTO, May 8.— Sacramentp is
to have a genuine bullfight with the
cruelty eliminated, that is to say, there
will be r.o banderillas or sword work and
no horses staggering around ripped full
of holes from the horns of the tore- In all
other respects It will be genuine and when
the bull has run all of the performers out
of the ring he will be returned unharmed
to his family. A; big ampitheater Is be
ing built on the midway for the perform
ance.
Bull-Fighting for Sacramento.
WASHINGTON, May 8.— The Interstate
Commerce Commission to-day dismissed
the complaint of the Red Cloud Mining
Company against the Southern Pacific
Company, involving the freight tariff on
machinery from Erie, Pa:, to Saitoh, 'Cal.
The commission holds' that a contract
which the complainant claimed It made
with the, railroad for a charge upon the
shipment of machinery - lower I than/ the
published tariff was not -binding, -and its
violation furnished no grounds for re
dress. • ...
Red Cloud Mining Company Loses.
| Katie' was badly scratched and bruised
and is prostrated from her terrible ex
perience. \ The child described the negro
as being short, thick set and having a
very flat nose. .
Amos Williams, a suspect, was arrested
several hours later, but could not be iden
tified and the search for a negro fitting
the child's description is being continued
by a large body of men, whe~are deter
mined to lynch him. . ,
EVANSTON, Wyo., May 8.— As little
Katie Hopkins, the 12-year-old daughter
of George Hopkins, who lives about half
a mile from town, was returning home
this afternoon at about 5 o'clock she was
criminally assaulted by a negro, who
beat and choked her into unconsciousness,
leaving her in the bushes. near the road
way, where she was found two hours later
by her. father. • •* . •
sailant. With the Intention of
Lynching Him.
Citizens Are Searching for the As-
NEGRO MAKES BRUTAL
ATTACK ON A CHILD
GRASS VALLEY, May 8;— This city Is
wild with delight to-night over" the high
school movement carried at the polls, to
day by, an overwhelming majority. The
Outcome exceeded even the most -san
guine hopes of- the strongest friends of
the proposition. This was the result of
a well-planned campaign begun weeks
ago by friends of the proposed high
school. To-night a procession of business
men, school boys and others are parad
ing the streets, to thV beat of drums,
waving flags, cheering, ringing of bells
and firing of bombs and crackers.
Grass -Valley People Rejoice.
SAN JOSE, May 8.— Millionaire Charles
Baldwin's * imported French chauffeur,
Albert Saladln, occupies a cell in the
City Prison because of his ' fast driving,
and his employer has notified the police
he i» willing to be inconvenienced by be
ing deprived of hi3 automobile in ordar to
teach the Frenchman a lesson. Baldwin
has a summer home near West Side.
For the past two weeks his chauffeur has
Imperiled the lives of San Joseans be
cause of his reckless speed. His auto
mobile is built for a speed of sixty-five
miles an hour, and Saladin frequently
tore through the streets of the city, at a
rate approaching fifty miles an hour. At
tempts, to • capture him.. were unsuccess
ful, as when he saw an ofllcer was after
him he merely turned the. machine. loose.
Yesterday Officer Pfau causht the
Frenchman in a store and arrested him.
He was charged with fast driving and
held In $500 ball.
Baldwin's Chauffeur Too Rapid.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., May 8.-Mrs. An
drew T. Clark, wife of a well known con
tractor who lives in the northern part of
the City, while walking on the prairie
near her home' yesterday morning became
bewildered and i walked < twenty miles be
fore finding a human '•habitation. She is
near-sighted, and when she Io3t sight of
the town started due north, although
thinking she had taken the opposite .di
rection. She spent the night on the open
prairie and this afternoon reached the
ranch of - O. H. Farthington on Pole
Creek, twenty miles from Cheyenne, in an
exhausted condition, having been thirty
hours without food. Search had been
made/ for her by. her friends .yesterday,
and -this morning a troop of cavalry and
nearly a hundred men started in search
and spent the- eritire day scouring the
plains in this vicinity.
Cheyenne Contractor Who
Loses Hex; Way.
Terrible Experience of the Wife" of a
WANDERS FOR THIRTY
HOlfatS ON A':: PRAIRIE
Annie Hunker (owner) with William. S.
Snook & Son (contractor), architect Nathaniel
Blaisdell — Plumbing, sasfltting. sewering i and
tiling for a 3-story and rough basement frame
building on lot on S line of Post street. 27 E
of Stelner. S 75 by' W 27; $1340.
Adele Boyken (owner) with White Bros,
(contractors), architects Martens & Coffey — Ail
work except mantels, ens fixtures and shades,
plumbing, gasfltting and painting for a 2-story
and part 3-story frame building on lot on SW
corner of Clayton and Frederick streets. S -5
by W 100; $9100. V"—
.Same owner with Schanz & Grundy (con
tractors), architects same — Sewerinsr. plumbing
and gasfltting for same on same; $1165.
Goran and Aucusta A- . Bergstrom (owners)
with W." O. Peterson (contractor).' alans by
owner — All work for a 1-story and • basement
frame cottage on lot, on ,W line of Eureka
street. 75 S of Nineteenth. S 37 by W 125;
$1775.- ..-¦¦ ¦ - . -':-¦
- Crocker Hotel Company <corooratlon, own
er) with Duffey Bros, (contractors), architects
Bliss ¦ A'FavIHe — Plumbing, gasflttirur. " draia
pipes» stand pipes and sewer work for a 12
story and basement hotel ¦ building on > lot on
NW. corner of Geary and Powell - streets, N
137:6 by W 165; J131.0C0.
Builders' Contracts.
JOora Slewert (Belllsle) to Emily Bellisle. lot
on E line of Prospect avenue, 75/N-of Hen
rietta street, N 25 by E 75, lot 162, Heyman
Tract; $10.
Jacob J. and. Julia Rauer'to Henry Smith,
lot on SE line of Loulsburr street, 90 NE of
Monnt.Vernon.NE 50 by SE 103:6. lot 21 and
portion of lot 22. San Miguel Homestead; $10.
George H, Dannemark. to Adolph* H. . Beth,
lot on NW corner of Frederick and Cole streets,
N 25 by W ICO: $10.
I Annie Breitzniann • to Edward Ginley, lot on
E line of Fourth aVenue. 250 N of Point Lobes
avenue. N 50 by E 120; $10. %
Elizabeth F. Ttrley to Francis M. Tuley lot
on N W line of Madrid street. 5O SW of France.
SW 25 by NW.100, block 25. Excelsior Home
stead: gift. . . .¦••"¦-.
Jesste ¦ M. x Levy (Fowler) to Solomon Gets,
lots 185 and 1S7, Holliday Map A; $10.
Sclomon and Dora Gets to Oscar Heyman,
same: $10. '. '¦'.-•
Jacob and Lina. Heyman to Joseph Cuneo lot
on BE line of old San Jose road. 215:2V4 NS
of Farragut street, NE 25:7%. SE 90, SW 25.
NW 93. block 4. West End Map 2: $10.
August and Mathilde Klohn to Frederick W.
Schuetr, lot on W line of Chenery street, 2S:S
Nof Fairmpunt. N 26:6, W 107. S 25, E 98:6,
lot 20. block 19. Fairmount Tract; $10.
¦ Susan A. Goodwin to Lewis A. Hollinga
worth, lot 24. block 4S1, Haley purchase, de-
Bcribed as E corner of Twnty-slxth arenua
and P street. 25:3 by 68:8; $60.
"OUve E. and- George B. Flint to Andrew L.
Edwards, lot on W line of . Eleventh avenue,
10O S of M street, S 50 by.W 120; $1COO.
Katy B. "and W. H. Jones to S. S. and M. P.
Reed, let on E line of Tenth avenue, 175 N of
I street, N 25 by E 120; $10. .
Frederick O. Harvey to Georsiana E. Harvey,
lot on E line of Utah street, 200 S of Yolo. S
60 by E 300; also lot on W line of Wisconsin
avenue, 150 S of Twentieth, S 50 by W 100;
gift. x
A. H. Payson (trustee) to Santa Fe Land
Company (a, corporation), lot on E line of Min
nesota street, 175 N of Nineteenth, N 25 by E
100; $10. \
Francis M. Tuley to Elizabeth H. Tuley. lot
on W line of Twenty-third avenue, .150 S of
Clement street. S 50 by W 120; gift.
. Martin F. and Ellen Fragley to Frederick C.
Slebe. lot on NW corner of Thirty-third avenue
and B street. W 32:6 by N 100: also lot on N
lin'i of B street. 32:6 E of Thirty-fourth ave
nue E 23 by N 100; $10.
Josephine V. and Albert Yost to- Samuel A.
Birhop, lot on E line of Twelfth avenue. 125 N
Of I street. N 25 by. E 120; $10.
Montell. Lucy P.. Churchill and Augusta r>. .
Taylor to Stephen Troy, lot on N line of Golden
Gate avenue, 131:6 K of Buchanan street. E
68:9 by N 137:6: $10.
Laura M. Taylor (widow) to same, same; ?10.
Bertha Schonwasser (widow) to Narhan and
Charles Diamond, lot on NE corner of Sutler
and Webster streets, E K> by N 90; $10.
Joseph Hess to Elizabeth Hess, lot on E line
o* Scott street. 100:1% N of Page. N 21:ll*s
by E 106:3; gitt. ¦ „
Arthur F. and Adelaide M. Bridge to Hen
rietta and Anthony Koch, lot on W line of De
visadero street. 25 3 of Union. S 25 by w p.:
also right of way commencing 97 W of Union
and Devlsadero streets. W 3 by S "5; $10.
Anthony Koch to Henrietta Koch (wife).
same; gift., » ¦-¦• - _
Estate of llary Meagher (by James Reran,
executor) to Peter J. M. and Andrew Bertel
sen lot on SE corner of Broderict and Elli3
streets. S 112:6 by.E 37:6; $3750. \ .
Balrd Estate (corporation) to Emma Sulsber?
(wife of George J. H.), lot on N line of Haight
street. 118:9 W of Central avenue. W 25 by N
Curios G. Young to Leah S. and Minnie H.
Young/ undivided oBe-thlrdt of tot en E tine of
Ashbury street, 60 S^ of Waller. 3 25 by E
106:3; gift. .
Mary E. Le Count to Mary A. de Nyse and
Ella L. Le Count, lot on NE corner of Califor
nia and Locust streets. E 37:6 by N 107:7^a; *l.
Mrs. Lovina T. Corning to M. J. Pierce, lot
on S line of Creek lane or Erie street. 298 V.
Ot Howard. W 27. S 115:3. E 26. N U5:4} 3 :
$10. •
J. B. Reinsteln to Edward P. Doherty. lot, on
E line of Hartford street. 173 S of Nineteenth.
S 24:6 by E 125; $10. . -'>.' * •'.>
Estate of Helen E. Henshaw (by Samuel
Irving and Henry H. Welch, executors) to
Mary A. Roney (widow), lot on N line of Pine
street, 97:6 "W of Grant avenue,, formerly Du
pont street. W 40 by N 60; $8500.
Estate of Eva Levy (by Morris F. Levy, ex
ecutor) to Eugene and Celina Gassmann, lot
on E line of Stockton street,. 49:6 N of Sut
ter. N 24 by E 50:9; $13,800.
Mary Roccatagliata to. Frank Lacoste, lot on
S line of John street. 91:6 E of Mason. E :t>
by S 48; $10.
Sarah Hotter (Coleman) to G. B. Demartlnl.
lot on N line of Bush street. 117:6 W of Pow
ell, W 20 by N 60; $10. ,,- ' ¦' ¦ ¦ -
George H. and Bessie H. Lent to Andrew P.
Welch, lot on SW corner of Post and William -
streets. \V 57 by S 67:6; $10.
Charles R. Bishop to Associated Property
Owners of San Franciaco (a corporation), tot
on N lino of PJne street, 137:6 E of Hyde, E
75:6 by N ir>7:6; $10. ,
Samuel Hoffman . to Clarion A- Whiteheas,
lot on N line of Pine street, 137:6 E of Larkin,
E 35:« by N 137:6. quitclaim deed; $5.
Marion A. Whitehead to Justin S. Hopkins,
same; $10. •¦
Barbara Pfund (wife) to Loui3 Pfund, lot on
NE line cf Madison avenue, K7:6 SE of Harri
son street. SE 25 by NE 75; sift.
THURSDAY. MAT 8.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
I>ES MOINES, Iowa, May 8.— A wreck
occurred- on the Chicago and- Northwest
ern at Ames at 1 o'clock this morning. A
tramp was killed and Mail Clerk Griffin
of Des Moines was seriously Injured. Mail
Clerk Graves of Chicago was buried un
der mail sacks and badly bruised, and
Mail Clerk Alexander Turk of Chicago
had his hand and arm Injured. Train No.
10 was just approaching the town limits
from the west when the tender of the
engine, two mail cars and two express
cars left the track, plowing into the
gravel, but not overturning. The track
was tern up for a distance of 200 yards
and traffic is being delayed. The tramp
was riding on the front coach. Consider
able mail matter was water-soaked ana
destroyed. A soft roadbed is supposed to
have been responsible for the wreck.
Mail Clerks Are Seriously
Injured.
SOFT ROADBED CAUSES
A RAILROAD WRECK
Tramp Is Instantly Killed and Three
TACOMA, Wash:; May 8.— It is reported
from Skagway that large salmon com
panies are rapidly securing possession of
all the cannery sites on the Alaska
coast. The wonderful success which has
attendefl " the combinations of Puget
Sound and other canning interests have
resulted in causing something of a stam
pede to obtain available locations near
the mouth of Alaskan streams.
The Alaska Fisheries Union has ob
tained .of a large site near
Haines> at the mouth of Chilkat Inlet.
The company is preparing to build there
a cannery 80x440 feet in size and several
other ¦ two-story buHdings.-' Eighty thou
sand dollars will be invented in the plant
before it starts. Surveyor Diers of
Skagway has just surveyed and staked
fourteen other cannery sites located at
favorable points between the head of
Lynn Canal and Wrangel for the same
concern. The eosajiany is comoosed of
Puget Sound capitalists, who aspire to
take a prominent place in the salmon
canning business. If the original can
nery at Haines proves successful some of
the other . sites will be speedily built
upon. King salmon are already running
In Alaskan waters.
cure Possession of Sites on
Alaska's Coast.
Puget Sound Capitalists Rapidly Se-
C^tNNKRS OF SALMON
STAMPEDE NORTHWARD
CINCINNATI, May .'8.— Mrs. George W.
Herget was killed early to-day during a
carousal at her, home in Dayton, Ky. Her
husband; William Thornton, Frank Kent,
Thomas Shields and William '. Murray,
alias Ford Mattox, have been arrested on
the charge of murder. Herget is th^son
of a wealthy distiller, who died at Pe
king, 111., two years ago. Owing to his
habits his inheritance was left in trust.
When his monthly remittance came
Thornton, Kent, Shields and Murray were
accustomed to visit the Herget home. On
one of these occasions yesterday the ca
rousal continued during the night. At 1
o'clock this morning the officers were at
tracted by screaming, and found Mrs.
Herget lying prostrate in her yard,
stabbed. : She died aoon after reaching
the hospital without being able to make
a statement. The live men were taken
out of the house afterward in such condi
tion that none of them up to noon was
able to talk. The dead woman's maiden
name was Mary Sellinger or Clyde, Ohio.
They had no children.
His Friends Are Under
Arrest.
Husband of the Deceased and Four of
WOMAN IS MURBERED -^
% DURING A' CAROUSAL
May 8.— George B. Da
vis, judge advocate general of the army,
has made a ; report concerning the death
of Private Edward C. Richter, Company
I, Twenty-eighth which oc
curred at Das ¦ Marinas, ¦ Philippine Isl
ands/ February - 9 ¦ last. Richter ,was
boisterous and violent and intoxicated,
calling Lieutenant Sinclair. vile names. As
he resisted arrest and attempted to kick
the. sergeant, he was tied, and as his pro
fane language continued, cold water was
dashed into his face for a period of about
three minutes. As he continued abusive
Richter was gagged, a .cloth being held
over his head, which was removed from
time to time, to allo.w. the prisoner - to
vomit. Five minutea' afterward he-was
in his cell. .He was breathing when he
was laid on the cot. About two pailfuls
of cold water were thrown upon him. An
hour afterward Lieutenant 'Sinclair, be
ing called' by the sergeant of the guard,
went for the surgeon, -but when he. re
turned • fifteen minutes "after the prisoner
was dead. A post mortem examination
showed the lungs were very- much con
gested, with indications -of . tubercular
foci, and so < much involyed as to cause
surprise that Richter had been received
on enlistment. The surgeon said his
death was caused by the accidental en
trance, of vomit in the trachea and bron
chial tubes, causing- choking. • The pro
ceedings of the court-martiar that tried
Lieutenant Sinclair have not yet been re
ceived by the department. > :,
Who Died Under Punish-,
;r inent.
Eeport " on Case of Private Richter
AMERICAN S0LDIEB .
;:':-¦:.¦:. ~BIES UNDER "CURE"
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 9, 1902.
13
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
SAN MATEO- ~~~ r '
SAN MATEO.
SAJC MATEO.
SAN MATEO. *
SAN MATEO.
SAN MATEO. / * - ;'-
SAN MATEO.
SAN MATEO.
SAN MATEO.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY, MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
V SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
„ , SATURDAY, MAY 10TH.
_ iJ _ . - SATURDAY. MAY 10T1I.
- - . . , SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
.4. .- SATURDAY. MAY 10TH.
SATURDAY. MAY 10TII.
—EXCURSION—
60 cents— Round Trip— 60 cents.
Including lunch at Hotel Mateo.
Trains leave Third and Townsend at 9,
10:30. 11:30 a. m.. returning from San Mateo
at 3:27, 4:31. 5:23 and 6:40 p. m.
Have the time of your
life. Take a day off. ?"
Everything free after you
reach San Mateo. Conveyances to
drive about and see the pretty " •
homes. Lunch will be served under
the trees in the beautiful grounds i- .
; or the Hotel Mateo.
_. ij
AUCTION SALE - -
AUCTION SALE
AUCTION SALE
AUCTION. SALE
1:30 V. TU. ' '
1:30 p. m.
1:30 p. m.
1:30 p. m.
07 BEAUTIFUL LOTS
— In—
San Mateo Park.
The new addition .- «*t
to the prosperous '
and progressive city
— of — \
San Mateo.
Only 10 minutes' walk
from the depot.
Surrounded by beautiful
homes. Just subdivided "
into villa lots — one acre each.. ¦¦"¦•
A Dortion of the 'f-
cetebrated Clark Tract. . «.
In the ownership of ;
one family since
1S58.
An Ideal place for
/ a home or to make
money in.
Don't fall to t
attend this sale.
Buy a lot.
x only one-third cash.
Further particulars of
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery street.
"OCEAN VIEW" is booming; finest car ser-
vice every ¦ 10 minutes.
You never will secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean", as cheap as now. Cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. . ¦
THISTLETON. 272 Sadowa St., Ocean View. !
FINE residence of ten rooms, furnished, and
stable, at San Anselmo; late residence of
Rev. Robert Mackenzie. D. D. Apply to
CHAS. A. BAILEY. 322 Montgomery st.. or
ALEX. BOUICK. ¦ San Anselmo.
$000 — CHEAPEST corner south of Park, 57:C
xlOO, or will subdivide; owner going away;
your own terms; no Interest on payments.
Call at 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter. 10 to 5.
COME out and see those new up-to-date homes
on Castro st, at 20th; 7 and 8 rooms; good
view; all sunny rooms; terms to suit. Apply
on premises.
BARGAIN — 2 new modern flats, near Panhan-
dle; rents for $65; $6S00; half cash. Address
box 1753. Call office.
$650 — SAN JOSE: cottage. 5 rooms; barn;
must be sold for half Its value. J. ROBEL,
1209 Eagle ave.. Alameda. ¦
HOUSE and two lots; 4 rooms, basement; near
electric cars. Address box 949. Call office.
REAL ESTATE— CODXTRY— For Sale
BEAUTIFUL suburban home about 15 acres,
San Leandro road, Elmhurst; electric cars
• pass property; nice 2-story house, substantial
outbuildings, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
well-cultivated, bearing orchard of finest
semi-tropical and deciduous fruits on place.
D. MORIARTY. owner, Elmhurst. ' -
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
-Cotatl.- Sonoma- Co. r- future value assured, as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
! best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st., for
pamphlets\and information.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda. San Joa-
quln and other counties. Write for our nrln»-
ed list. HEALY & CARR. 713 Market, r. 406.
HOUSE and lot. stable, chicken houses, fruit
trees, etc. Full particulars S. STRYKER,
corner San Lorenzo ave. and Easterbrook st.,
San Leandro, Cal. >
Santa Clara Valley. Ban Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
REAL ESTATE TO 'EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for city property, first-
class 25-acre. full-bearing prune ranch; 40
miles from city; best land In Livermore Val-
ley: no agents. Address Owner, box 1750,
Call office. '
OTY OF^RICHMOyp.
OFFICIAL maps of the City of Richmond
mailed free. Richmond Land Co. (Inc.), room
182. Crocker building. San Francisco.
alameda Advertisements.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
15 FURNISHED houses. $30 to $175, for 3 to
6 months.
Lots on Pearl St., 50x200. $800.
Lots on San Jose ave.. 50x140, $1000.
Lots on Park St.. 50x130. $1000. v
Lots on Railroad ave.. 50x150. $900.
Lots on Chestnut St.. 50x108. $600.
E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st.
ALAMEDA COTTAGES.
TO rent — Furnished cottage for summer
months. 1101 Park ave.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
$8 — ELECTRIC light east front; bay-window,
porc'n bath; select. Box 4273, Call, Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
YOU should see that lovely home of 6 rooms
and bath in the Daley Scenic Park; such a
splendid view; large lot: an ideal place for
a poet; only $3200. *JOS. J. MASON, Real
Estate, Berkeley Station. - ¦'¦ . '
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FRUITVAIE ADVERTISEMENTS,
yitPITVALE REAL BSTATB.
FOR sale— 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st,
Frultvale. A. R. HATtRISQy. 78 Geary st>
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS/
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY. >y
OAKLAXD REAL ' ESTATE. Jt
FOR sale or rent— Furnished house of 11 rooms,
bath, laundry; ornamental grounds 70x125;
central location; near schools and cars. Ad-
dregs box 4274, Call office. Oakland. .;., ¦' :
o^ajclAxd^fiirxiture for sale.
F ??5KV R li ? ood , an^heaTlh7s^n^nthTTr
bCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS^KOR^IIOlJSEKEErilSG.
ARIEL and solar flats, 525-531 Turk— Hot*and
cold water baths, electric lights free; fur-
niahed or unftir. ; tel. East 312. Sutter 41.
BELL (The). 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas, or coal stove. $12. to $20. •
BUSH. 1001. cor. Jones — Van Nuys- modern
furn. and unfurn. suites; new house- hot and
cold wat»r; baths; electric lights; first-class.
EDDY. 118— Sunny 2 rooms for man and wife-
light housekeeping; cheap; gas; running wa-
ttr. . . -
EDDY. 721 (middle flat)— Fine front room,
newly find well furnished; sun all day; hot
and cold water, - bath, phone, with 2 other
". well-furnished rooms, all complete for house-
. keeping; j every convenience; see them; suit-
able, for. 2 or 4 adults; reasonable. -•
FIFTH. 253— Furnished housekeeping; 3 $12'
¦-'.-„ 3, $20; 2 beds; also bath; tingle, $4 up. . '
ROOMS FOn^HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
FRONT sunny bedroom ana kitchen furnished
complete for. housekeeping; $2 25 per week,
and other rooms at $1 25 per week. Apply at
shoe store. 563 Mission st.
FILLMORE. 2212. near Clay— $11; . 3 large.
- sunny unfurnished.' rooms; nice yard and
water. ¦
GOUGH, 115— Handsome sunny bay-window
parlor;^kitchen, sink, gas range; $20.
HOWARD. 1063 — 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly furnished rooms; range; running water; $9.
j HYDE, 40S— 9unny front parlor suite j with
kitchen; also a large room; gas' stove, and
other suites. '
JACKSON, 920, near Mason — Furnished large
sunny front housekeeping room; .$10 month.
LARKIN. 819 %— Large furnished room light
housekeeping; gas stove; $12 month.
I MCALLISTER, 538 — Furnished suite; sink,'. gas
range, bath, laundry; phone; $11 and $7./
OAK, 117 — Extra fin? 6unny suite, $16; \ suite,
$8; single. $5, $7; all complete for housek'pg. ¦
OCTAVIA, 1403. corner Geary — Sunny fur-
nished room; folding: bed; kitchen; gas stove;
sink; pantry. '/
SEVENTH, 270 — 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping.
SIXTH, 102%— :Two neat housekeeping rooms
- cheap ; also large front room.*
STANYAN, 1202 — Sunny tipper flat, 4 rooms
and bath; furnished or unfurnished... ;' : :
THIRTEENTH. 189. cor. Howard— Fine suite
rooms, furnished complete for housekeeping j
gas; rent $15.- . ' ¦' ' i
TURK, 545 — Two furnished housekeeping
rooms: gas, bath and phone. . '
CL4SSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Cail advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100b
Valencia St. ¦ '
ROOMS ASP BOARD. '
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister-^New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Missions-Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 60c to
$1 50 n) ght; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator. -
A— EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary-
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod, conven'ces.
A— VENDOME, 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; furn. suites. Mrs. V. W. Miller.'—
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 .Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suitesf single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. . •
EARL House, 310 Etocktcn st.— Changed
hands; elegantly furnished sunny suites; also
single; day, week, month; phone Brown 161.
EDDY, 303, corner Jones — Bright sunny front
bay-window room; well furnished.
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50, $6 week; open all night.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
O'FARJtELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 270 — Front room, first floor, $3
per week; other rooms. $1 50. $2; 25c and 50c.
3' LARGE sunny rooms; fine porch and large
yard; suitable for small family. Apply at
25 Perry st. _j=a»»_
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent llght^.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-,
ldr; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50;- week, >$2
to $8; month, $8 to ?30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SEVENTH. 171. corner Natoma— Sunny fur-
nished rooms, double or single, by day. week
or month. [--;- .. -
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
"THE WARREN"— Sunny corner house; single
and suites; reasonable. 303 Jessie st., cor.
4th; entrance Jessie st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st. - , .
ROOMS AND BOARD.
THE Co-operators— Nos. 2 and .3, at 645 Folgom
; st; and 4 and 5 Vernon Place, are to be re-
furnished next-week.. These are homes for
self-respecting, self-supporting- girls with
small salaries; terms $2 50 and $3 per week.
Write or call upon MISS EMMA HANKS, 645
Folsom si.; phone Red*6123. Miss Flora Bol-
linger, manager. . - ' .
AT 1600 McAllister st., northwest corner of De-
vlsadero — Large, handsome sunny suites and
single rooms; all newly furnished ; appoint-
ments and table strictly first class; billiards,
phone; every comfort and convenience. .
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE, C26 Eddy— Sunny rooms, en'
suite or single; good table; reasonable. •
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 519— Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
ROOMS AVANTED. .
WANTED — Small neatly furnIshed*lingleToom
in private family; $6 to $7;-near McAllister
and Larkin. Address box 952. Call office.
SPECIAL KOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECT- ON
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
SE WING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing-
lowest rates ; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
AND WAREHOUSES.
WERCE-RODOLPH Storage & MovTng^o^ofl
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN. WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
jij . i^^^; TO ' LEASE. ' , •-
TO lease — Kenilworth Inn: romantically situ-
ated in Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from
San Francisco; comuletely. furnished; in good
condition; 40 rooms: steam and hot water
baths; electric lights;' heaters throughout-
elevators, etc.; rent low.. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 30 Montgomery st.. or ROB-
ERTS. Real Estate Agent. Mill Valley. Cal.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: . ¦
Charles L. Smith, 23, .829 Capp street, and
Lydla McAbee, 23, 1192 Valencia street.
Joseph Flaherty. 28, 454 Minna street, and
Margaret Miller, 25, 44 Russ street.
) Andrew Erikson, 28, Point Arena, and
Wandla S. Stoloe, 31, Point Arena.
Frederick W. Brandt, 30, Alameda, and Mar-
tha I. Maddalena. 27, Alameda.
Vlto Silvestro, 22, 750 Green street, and
Maria Clrella, 18, 750 Green street. <
Pietro Ciraudo, 30, 805 Greenwich street, and
Caroline Caeale, 26, 805 Greenwich street.
Yandell. Foote, 25, 2129 Green street, and
Lillian D. Howard, gg. 2217 Van Ness avenue.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS. ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
HOWLAND— In this city, April 6, 1902, to the
wife of. Major Carver Howland, Twenty-
. ninth ' Infantry, a daughter. - .,¦, .
LIND— In this city, May 7, 1902, to the wife ot
• Thomas Howard Llnd, a' son.
OEHLMAN— In this city. May 5, 1902,. to the
wife of Richard Oehlman, a daughter.
~~ MARRIED. . . :
THALER— STEWART— In S this city. May- 7
" 1902, at Central M. E. Church, by . the Rev
H. F. Briggs, Gi7«tav Thaler and Olivia
Stewart, both of San Francisco. -
~~~~ - DIED. ..: ~~~
Amos. Arthur Graner, Charles M '¦ ¦
Berr, Sadie Hahn, Bertha ¦.-¦'¦'¦
Bolger. .Elizabeth - Hanradtte, Michael '
1 -- Brewer, Agnes I ¦ Kennedy, Andrew K
* Brown. Jean ¦ H. . McCarthy, Catherine'
Carter, Mary I/. - McConologne, . Chas
Cayler. Albert McDonnell, Mra. L
Clark,- Elwood W. McGoldrick, Mary
¦Close. Edward W. , McKenna, Mary E. :
. Cullen." Michael > < Miller. ! George W. •-"¦¦
¦ Delehenty, Annie _ . Nathan, . Samuel
Dilges, • Elizabeth ,¦ Pereira, Maria -T.**"-
-Egan. Edward J. - Sellers, . Reuben . ; r
¦ Ernest,' Fredrick - * Stahl, • August C. L.
" Garcia,' Mary G. .. Wilson, - Marcus v-
Garland. Richard . <-
AMOS— In the City, and County Hospital, May
PERSONALS.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
yer.re; it cured hundreds of ailing women in
itf first year and ha* cured thousands cf suf-
ferers every year since: booklet for mothers
' bwI daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co..
l'S0*-t5-S Van Xess ave.; phone East 2S2.
AN elegant line cf remnants for suits to order.
!S15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free fcf charpre; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEliOS, 1117 Market
et., between Seventh and Eighth."
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to $1 50 por nlsht; $1 50 to ?G per -week;
Tie- "bus and bagsase to and Irom the ferry.
HAT Designer and Standard Patterns just out-
newest shirt v.aists and jackets with postil-
lions and peTjiums. Call to see at Domestic
office. 1C21 Market St.. near Sixth.
CXLY artistic hair dressing:. 25e. any style;
el^ampooing. .:0c; rr.anlcurins, 25c; largest end
Ixft stock cf switches on the ccast. O
LFDEHER. 123 Stockton et.
SA — "WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN 48
Ellis, snakes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
came as white shirts: selection 300 patterns. :
.VT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS*. London
tailor. ~'J1 Market et_ < ~\-
UO.VKY leaned at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearl? and precious stones bought
, ttt VT. J. HESTEAL'3. 10 gjxth St. y
¦WHITE enamel iron bed*, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. KASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1312 Ktcckton et. t near Broadway.
A — If your hair i* falling or you ere bald, call on
I>r.G.S.Moore,Sa2 O'FsrreIl;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and ir.oles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
as4 Aoles destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton, 427 Sutter.
•"Vi'ILL relatives of J. A. Johnson and J. W.
llcrn bcx Oi5 - s - F - CaI1?
Mrs. BriroE — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. "West 259.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
M:t=3t Clothin? Parlor, cor. Busb and Dupont.
Ussquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical costumer. 26 O'Farreli; country orders.
Electric & electric-light bathis, massacre, hot air
treatment for rheumatlsm,etc 233 Geary,r.27.
6UPERFLUOUS hair «nd moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&Mrs.Traverse.ll70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; ?1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
X>R LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c; all druggists. -
ilME. O. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Pott rt.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLL sclenUfle palmist. 51f
Tavlor Et.. bet. Geary and Post. tei. Black S«n.
_JPAIXTEHS A\D DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. J.
C. P.OMAINE. 640 G. G. ave.: tel. Polk 1423.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SUnGEOXS.
HUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention fi-om business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
WDR. H. ilcGREGOR WILLSON has removed
his office from 1122 Market to 1206 Market
et.. corner Golden Gate ave.
im. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1C21U Market st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PIVIPEXP XOTICES.
OFFICE of the Contra. Costa Water Co., room
16, second floor. Mills building. Ban Fran-
cisco, May 6, 1902. — Dividend No. 200 of 42c
per share on the capital stock of the Contra
Costa Water Co. will be payable at the office
of caid company, room 16. second floor. Mills
building, on May 15, 1902. Transfer books
will close on May 9. 1902, at 3 p. m.
EDWARD McGARY, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. — A dividend. No. 41, of seventy-
f.ve cent* (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock cf the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company, rooms
202-4-6. Hayward building. San Francisco, on
May 10. 1902. Transfer books close May 3
1902. at noon. J. R. LEAVELL. Secretary.
* PROPOSALS."
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notica
to Contractor*. Builders and Material Men
Notice is hereby girca to all concerned that
sealed proposals or bids «tre solicited for
performing the labor and furnishing the ma-
terials necessary to the erection of an addi-
tion to the Bacon Art Gallery and Library
Building on the grounds of the University
cf California at Berkeley. Alameda County,
end said bids or proposals will be receUed
at the effice of the secretary of the Board
cf Regents, room 16. South Hall, Berkeley
Cal.. at or before 2 o'clock p. rf. of the 15th
of May, 1902. And notice 1? hereby further
given that the plans and specifications of said
building have been made and adopted and
ere placed in the. above-named office where
the came may be seen and examined' during
each day from 9 o'clock a. tn. until 4 o'clock
p. m.. from this date until the said 12th day
of May, -1902. No bids or proposals will be
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or a bond of said r>ro-
poser ec.ua! to ten (10) per cent of his pro-
posal, with sufficient sureties, conditioned
that, if said bid or proposal shall be accepted
th* party proposing will duly enter into a
proper contract to faithfully perform the duty
1 acd obligaUons in accordance with said pro-
\ rosal, and plans and specifications which
ehal! be and are hc-eby required to be a part
of such contract. The right to reject any and
c:i bids is hereby reserved. •
This notice is given pursuant to an act
entitled. "An act to amend an act entitled
" A . I !~*? t t0 create an< * organize the University
cf California,' approved March 25. 1868 and
an act omendatory of section 25 thereof a D -
r-:oved March 28. 1S72. relating to the coS-
mshing supplies required for use of the Life
required, and in the quantities 'named Fin Tthi
£%££
New York City; superintendent Twelfth r 1/
saving District Grand Haven. m"n »£
superintendent Thirteenth Llfe-»v?;V £?
trict. New Anoraisers' stores San^rlf P 18 "
Cal. Envelooes containing vro^Z^Z^l
»>e addressed to the -General Suptr ntlSrt 1
U. S. Life-saving Service. W as Wn«on n
' C." and marked on the outside "p£2uPi
for Annual Supplies." The right is rSe^^j
to reject any or all bids and to wlfv. i
lects. if deemed for the interesu of thl
Government. S. I. KIMBALL? ciner^ Su
perlntendcnt. general bu-
EAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 6, 1902— Sea l^
proposals in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m.. Friday. June fl i&oo
ar.d then opened fcr construction OnStotuZl
Mumbing and electric wiring), at Fort Bakpr
Cal.. of Officers' Quarters, Barracks Admin'
' iftraticn Building, and for construction (in
eluding plumbing, heating and electric »i,"
in?) at Fort Miley. Cal.. of Hospital Ho^^'
r tal Steward's Quarters, Bake House and Fuel
* Khed. Government reserves right to reject
or accept any or all bids In whole or in part.
Preference eH-en to articles of domestic pro- '
auction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding In the price of foreign productions the
duty thereon) being: equal, and such prefer-!
ence given to articles of American 'produc-
tion produced on the Pacific Coast, to extent
of consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. Information furnished on appli-
cation to D. D. WHEELER, Deputy Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M.
PROPOSALS for purchase of U. S. Army trans-
port Kcsecrans. Office of General 8up«rin-
lendent Army Transport Service, 30 Ne*r
Montgomery ct.. San Francisco. Cal.. May
?., 1902. — Scaled proposals, in triplicate. , for |
the purchase of the Army transport
Xtosecrans will be receK-ed in this office until
52 m. June 6, 1902, and then opened. Vessel i
to be delivered to successful bidder at San j
Francisco, Cal. The Government reserves
the right to reject any or all proposals, . En-
velopes containing proposals should be in-
dorsed "Proposals fcr Purchase of Army
transport Rosecrans," and addressed >.o the
General Superintendent, Army Transport
Sen-Ice. Ean Francisco, Cal. Particulars as
to Bonds required, and Information as to the
character of vessel, etc.. furnished oa appli-
cation. • "
TTPEWItrTEItS A?«D SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS Hi TTPEWRITERS^We
pell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. GSG California; telephone Main 2C6.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
. typewriter doctors :estf mate fre«. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITING AND .MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio: copies, 2c; mim-
-orraptius. 927 Markt. rm. 803.: Howard 1559.
ADVEBTISSliElITS. ;-;': ¦ \"
i»©0©«0©©e900©e©«0«OOQ©690©00^0300SOOOe3Q«OOw
I Wearer "5^^fcp-^^^ PriCBSi 1
t ' ' ¦ ' ¦ • C
! INTRODUCTORY SALE. j
j New and Stylish Garments at wholesale prices to introduce J
[ the New Ooak Store. I ¦ . J
K ETAMINE TAILOR SUITS $18.50 i
| The kind you have been looking-for in Golden Brown, Military Blue *
' and Black. • -. *
! NOVELTY SILK ETONS . ... . At Wholesale Prices J
) An extensive assortment of Eton and Blouse Jackets in Moire, Peatl g
\ de Sole, Taffeta and Cloth, both trimmed and plain, at S5.00. m
) $6.00. 8S.50, $10.00, «liS.5O, S15.OO. €
\ NEW EFFECTS IN SILK DRESS SKIRTS— j
> A good "silk taffeta" skirt, nicely trimmed, at. .;.... $7.50 €
• Some rich lace effects at $20.00, S25.OO, S3d.OO, S35.OO.. J
! EXCLUSIVE NOVELTIES IN TAILOR : SUITS- J
> If you are looking for, a novelty suit vou can't afford to miss seo- £
> ing our large assortment from 822.50 to $75.00, wholesale g
) prices. • - - - • • #
6, 1902, Arthur Amos, a native of Ohio, aged
29 years. , I '. . .
BERG— In this city, . May 0, 1002, Sadie, be-
loved wife of Charles F. Berg, and sister oi
* James ' F. and Thomas . J. . Dlxon and . Mrs.
*F. L.-Gadsby, a native of San Francisco.v
CyFriends ace respectfully invited to at-
" ' tend the funeral to-day (Friday), at - 9:30
•o'clock, from, her late residence, ¦ 3735 Twen-
. ty-second street, ¦ thence to St.' James Church, .
where a requiem ' high , mass will be : cele-
brated for the reoose of her soul at 10
. o'clock. Interment -Holy • Cross Cemetery. -
BOLGER— In this . city, May 7, 1002, Elizabeth
t Bolger, wife of. the late" Captain John Bolder,
and mother of James, Thomas, John and the
* late William Boleer and/Mrs. Jane Murphy,
¦ a native of County * Wexf ord, Ireland, • aged
*H years. ¦¦..•¦'- . •• ¦¦.".: ./ ¦ .¦
• CTFriends and '¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend > the , funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock,' from the residence
of her i son, John Bolger, 58 , Chesley street,
off Harrison, i between Seventh' and ' Eighth,
thence to St.* Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. - , -.
BREWER— In this city. May 8, 1902, at her
[ residence, . 529 Chenery street, Agnes, be-
; loved wife of TPeter H. Brewer, daughter of
Malachi and Ellen Gorman, and slater of
Benjamin, Thomas. William and- James Gor-
man, Mrs. Mary. Hood -and '.Mrs."~ Rose Mc-
Creedy, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 1 month and 17 days.: .
BROWN— In this city. May 8, 1902, Jean
Hamilton, beloved wife of David "A. Brown,
and mother of Hattie L., F. May, F. Alice
and Will D. Brown and Mrs. W. F. Craig
¦of Los Angeles, a native "of Rochester, N.
Y., aged 65 years. V \
' E?"Frlend8 and "acquaintances are respect-
fully . invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday, May 10, 1902, at 10:30 o'clock, at
the residence, 1322 -Grove street. Interment
. private. Please omit flowers. ., -.- . .™_
CARTER — In this city. May 8, 1902, Mary
- Louise, widow of the - late William Willis
• Carter, .and -beloved .mother "of Joseph and
Fred; Carter and Mrs. E. J. Bussenius, a
native of California, aged 4S years 3 months
and- 4 days. -. . • ; .
. ' (CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day,: May- 9^ 1902, at 8 o'clock, at the
funeral narlors of Porter & White. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. „ .
CAYLER — In . the City and County Hospital,
- May S, 1902, Albert Cayler, a native of Iowa,
aged SO years. • ¦ : ..
CLARK— In this city. May 7, 1902, Elwood
W., beloved son of Frank B. and Sadie M.
Clark, a native of Portland, Or.,- axed 3
years C months and 13 days.
CLOSE— In 'this city. May 7, 1902, Edward
William Close, -youngest son of Mrs. Fannie
Clcss, and grandson . of Mrs. Frances Peters,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 yeara 11
a months and 7 days. * . * r \ ?
','%- icyPriends and acquaintances are respect-
i fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
•(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
Mrs. V. Peters, 3491 B Nineteenth street, near
Valencia, Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, By electric car. .
CULLEN— In this city. May 6, 1902, Michael,
beloved brother of James Cullen and Mrs.
. Esther Heffernan, a native of Ireland, aged
41 years. ¦¦*.. ,-,.•¦ - - ¦ - ¦
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-"*
fully invited to ' attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at" 1 < o'clock, from the : parlors of
Valente, Marlnl & Co., 1524; Stockton street,
thence to St. ¦ Frartcis Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery;
DELEHENTY — lathis city, May 7, 1902. An-
. nie, beloved Wife>of Thomas H. Delehenty , :
and mother of Nettle and Charley Meyer,
a native of New York, aged 39 years.
DILGES— In this city. May 7, 1002, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of the late Conrad Dilges, and
devoted mother of Mrs. . C. Bolller,- Mrs. A.
Riccomi and Henry, Jacob and Conrad Dil-
ges, a native of Hessen-Darmstadt, Ger-
many, aged 5t> years^ months and 12 days.
CyFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
her daughter, Mrs. A.' Riccomi, 3023 Twen-
tieth street, between Florida and Hampshire,
¦ thence - to St. Paul's German Evangelical
Lutheran Church, 1419 Howard street, be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh, where services
will be held, commencing at 1:30 o'clock.
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
EGAN— In this city. May 8. 1902, Edward
* Joseph Egan, husband of Minnie Eean, and
v father of Mamie and Eugene Egan, a native
of Madison, Ind., aged 52 years 5 months
and 12 days. ' . /
ERNEST— In this city. May 7, 1902, at his
residence, 117 RiDley place, near Folsom and
Twenty-ninth streets, Fredrick Ernest, a
native of Germany, aged 70 years 10 months
and 23 days. "
tCTNotlce of funeral hereafter. >
GARCIA — In San Leandro, May 7, 1902, Mary
G:, beloved wife of Manuel H. Garcia,.
, mother of Louisa B., Madeline. M. and Ed-
ward Garcia, daughter of ¦ the late Joseph
Waxon, and sister. of Mrs. M. S. Williams,
¦ Mrs. A. K. Kerr 1 ' and. John, Manuel, . An-
thony, Frank, Peter and the late Joseph
Waxon, a native of Sacramento, Cal., aged
40 years 1 month and 2(5. days.
tCTThe remains will be shipped to Sacra-
mento to-day (Friday), at 3 o'clock. . r
GARLAND— In this city, May 4, 1902, Rich-
ard Garland, a native of Cpck.Hill, County
Antrim, Ireland, aged 55 years.
ETFTiends and acquaintances are.respect-
- fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-day
-¦(flYlday), at J 2to*e|oek.--from"' the -parlors of
- J. C- O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission 'street.
GRANER— In Oakland. May 8, 1902. Charles
- M.. Graner. beloved father of Mrs. James
Treadwell, Mrs. John Treadwell, Mrs. Fred
Boeckman, Mrs.- Gus Hink and Charles and
Ado!i>h , Graner. •• ;.,.'. !• ¦ : '.,
' . (CyNotice of funeral hereafter.
HAHN — In this city, May 8, 1902, Bertha.
- dearly beloved wife of Felix Hahn, a native
of Germany. 1 - ¦
{ETFuneral private. *
HANRADTTE— In the City and County Hospl-
. tal. May 8, 1902, Michael Hanradtte, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged -30 years.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 7. 1902, An-
drew K., beloved' husband of May Kennedy,
and father of Pearl Beatrice and Gladys'
Kennedy, a native of Scotland, aged 37 years
10 months and 20 days.'
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
MCCARTHY— A requiem mass will be said
for the repose of the soul of the late Cath-
erine McCarthy at St. James Church, corner
Guerrero and Twenty-third streets, on Frl-
. day, May 9, commencing • at 9 o'clock.
Friends and acquaintances are respectfully
Invited to attend.
McCONOLOGNE — In this city, May 7, 1902,
Charles McConologne. , '
ICRemalns at the parlors of J. S. Godeau,
305 Montgomery avenue. Notice of funeral
2 hereafter. . ,
MCDONNELL — In this city. May 8, 1902, Mrs.
Louisa McDonnell, a native of New York,
• aged S4 years 2 months and 22 days.
E7"Ffiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2' o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1229 - Jackson street. . . Interment prl-
I vate. ¦
McGOLDRICK — In this city, May 8, .1902
Mary, belaved wife of Patrick McGoldrick,
and mothfer of Sarah, Thomas, John and
William McGoldrick, a native of Ireland,
a^ed «0 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully^invited to attend the funeral Saturday
May'lO, 1902. at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 3950 Twenty-third street, thence
to St. James Church, corner Twenty-third
and Guerrero streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul at 9 o'clock. .,- Interment HOly
Cross Cemetery,' by carriage. Please omit
flowers. .,."'¦ / . ¦ •
McKENNA— In this "city. May 7, 1902, Mary
¦ E. McKenna, beloved wife of Joseph b Mc-
. Kenna, and . daughter of the late John I and
Mary McCarty, a native of San Francisco
aged 33 years 10 months < and 13 days
$y The. funeral services vclll be held to-dar
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, at the parlors of
A. .W. Martin & Co., 319 O'Farreir street
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11 -SO
o'clock train from. Third and Townsend
streets. '._ ¦ . :
MILLER— In this city, May 7, 1902. GeOree
W. Miller, beloved husband of Thresa SheV>-
¦ head. Miller,, and father -of Harry L and
George W. i Miller Jr., a native of New York
ased t>4 years. * ... ,. : ..... '
. E7"The funeral services will be held to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, at his late residence
'816 Fulton street; Interment private. Please
omit flowers. - ,' - <„"-»- .
NATHAN— In Sacramento,' May 7, 1902 Sam-
uel, husband of Hannah Nathan,' father of
'John, Henry M., Edward. Pierre C Esther
.and Louis Nathan,, and grandfather of Har-
old and Esther Camllle Nathan, a" native of
England, aged 67 years 1 month and lld»v«i
v tETFuneral to T day (Friday), at o O'clock!
PEREIRA— In 'Oakland, May 8, 1902 ? Maria.
Teresa Astorga de Pereira, wife of Juan A
Pereira, Consul for. Chile, a native of Chile'
aged 41 years. V \- ": • '
:¦¦'- CTFriends and . acquaintances are resnect
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday. May 10. 1902. at 2 o'clock, at her
- ¦ late residence, 9til - Madison j street, Oakland.
SELLERS— In this city. May' C, 1002, Reuben
. Sellers, a native of . Ohio, * aged 74 years a
: months. and !J days. -. /
STAHL-^In: this city. May 6, 1902, August C
. L. Stahl, dearly ¦ beloved • husband of -¦ Mar-
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
- (Successor to'Flannagari & Gallagher.)'- '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTOP.S AND EMBALMER3
20 Fifth St., '¦ opposite Lincoln School. .
"." -Telephono South SO. V
Mt; Ofiyet Genietery,
: NEAREST* THE CITY. C ,
Office, 916 Market Street.
' ' v ..Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
- Samuel ' McFadden. : 18 years manager' for
e the United Undertakers' Association; M. 3.
McBrearty.' with the same company for 10
ytars;*P. F.- Green, late with J. C.^O'Con^
, nor &¦ Co.. have- opened. new Funeral . Par- •
;lors: flt;1171 -Mission st.V between ; Seventh
: and Eighth. , Telephone ' South 44. ,: .-¦
a 27 and 19 Fifth St. Tel. South tn 1
1 niNtRAL' DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.fl
JT^nne«t ; Equtoment ?tot ; Moderate Hat et. B
earethe Stahl, and beloved father of Cail
and. Adele Stahl, a native of Meklenburg,
• Germany, fteed 44 years 4 -months and 0
days. • • ., • . ' ;
• tty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited '. to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at , 1 o'clock, at •; St.
I John's German Lutheran Church, Twenty-
' * second street, between Capp and Howard,
• and thence .by, carriage to Cypress •. Lawn
. Cemetery for " Interment. " Remains at the
• parlors of Theodor DIerks, 057 Mission street,
" between' Fifth and Sixth. .
WILSON— In Sacramento, May 3, 1902. Mar-
;cus, beloved husband of Amalla Wilson, and
father of Abe, Aaron «nd Pete Wilson,- Mrs.
,-G. Glllesnle. Mrs. L. Lewenthal, Mrs. Fan-
nle Wolff, Mrs. G. W. Elkus arid Mrs.- G.
¦ Haines, a native of Prussia, aged 70 years.MYSTERY IS EXPLAINED.
Boland as a charge against the . estate.
In the search for heirs to the estate the
Administrator's clerk.- H. • C Wilber,
learned • a" few days ago that a man an
swering Waterson's description had been
a patient at the County Hospital. He in
stituted Inquiries, which resulted In the
astounding discovery that Waterson was
alive. Administrator Boland went to the
bank Wednesday to draw Waterson's
money, when he learned for the first time
that Waterson was not-dead and buried,
as war. supposed. Friends went- to the
hospital and; brought .Waterson down
town. He was recognized by his ac
quaintances and given a hearty greeting.
He Disappears on October 18, 1901 , a Body Supposed to Be His Is
Fished Out of the Bay and Buried; Doctor Puts in Bill for
Services, and Now It Is Discovered That the Shoemaker Lives
STRANGE EPISODE IN CAREER
OF AGED COBBLER WATERSON
.United States District -Judge de Haven
yesterday, dismissed the'libelof Berhhard
Harde vs. the schooner/Alcalde for $10,0W
damages for personal Injuries. . ¦•:•*. • .,
I/ibcl Dismissed.
¦., Assistant '¦ Engineers 'H..K.' Spencer and
G."S.:'LiUten"ihavc been ;transferred from
the revenue 'cutter : i -McCullocli "to the
Perry. land Assistant Engineer! /R. G.
Wright of , the Perry has been - ordered
home.- ;;¦;>• ' • •'• j ,'
¦¦¦''" ¦ ¦ ..'; . ...-':
:Bevenue Cutter Clianges.
.Adams': Hair Restorer promotes growth, re
stores color arid beauty to thin gray hair. 30c. •
¦The trial of : Charles E. Rankin on the
charge of robbery^was held before a jury
in , Judge Cook's ' court , yesterday and a
verdict of not guilty was returned under
Instructions ; of^ the Judge after the Jury
had been out for about two hours. Ran
kin was accused of stealing.' a watch from'
James ' Staples of Benicia while • Staples
.was - lying :: In a -drunken stupor on the
stairs at 1 Fifth street on the morning of
March. 31. .. .< .
Acquitted of Robbery.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven, who as the self
styled widow of James G. Fair claimed
a ; widow's , share of the j millions left \ by
the late bonanza king, has once again
failed to) establish 'her, right 'to .any of
Fair's money, or property. Judge Troutt
yesterday refused to ; grant j the motion
made by James ;-Gl Magulre andiCharles
J. TPence. attorneys for Mrs. .Craven, to
dismiss the petition for distribution of the
Fair estate filed by the Fair children:
The heirs are '¦ now in a .. fair way . to ' re
ceive the estate. ¦. . .
Judge Troutt 'sustained .all 'the points
made by. the attorneys; for the heirs and
the executors . against the | motion of Ma
gulre and Pence to dismiss. - ; . . .
¦ unless the matter : is : carried to (the Su-
Preme Court Mrs. Craven's claims are, by
the of Judge Troutt, settled; for
good and all. ¦-...; ; . .- '.:-¦;•.. ¦-. .
The committee reported In favor of re
questing the Board of Public Works to
estimate the . cost of construction or a
The commitee discussed the City Attor
ney's opinion that separate elections must
be held for each class of improvement' or
utility. This would necessitate seven
separate elections. It was suggested that
three elections be held this year for
schools, hospital and Geary-street .road
acquisition and four next year for all
other projects, but the original resolution
prevailed. . ¦ \
The Supervisors* Public Utilities Com
mittee recommended the preparation of a
resolution yesterday calling for a special
election some time this»year to submit to
the electors the proposition to acquire the
Geary-street road by a proposed bond
issue. The resolution also contains a spe-"
cial provision calling: for. another election
for the purpose of voting on a. proposed
charter amendment so that all intended
public improvements ¦ and acquisition of
utilities may be submitted at one election.
A special meeting of the Board of Super
visors will be called, for the purpose of
considering the proposed legislation to
which all interested - parties will be in
vited. ¦ . '...+;• . .
Judge Troutt Refuses to
:¦ Dismiss Motion for
Distribution.-
John Dawsoni an ironworker, living at
156 i Piper' street, . was j booked at the City
Prison 'yesterday; afternoon on a charge
of issault with a deadly weapon.' James
Freeman, a longshoreman, boarded with
Dawson and Dawson complained that he
was ".running the house and | paying too
much attention to Mrs. Dawson.- About 1
o'clock yesterday afternoon the two men
quarreled and Dawson struck Freeman on
the head, with a long heavy file. Freeman
was taken to, the Emergency Hospital for
treatment. . •;' . .; . . ¦ . '
Attacked by Jealous Husband.
Supervisors May Submit
Purchase of Geary
new sewer system; also to make appraise
ments of the lands proposed to be ac
quired for parks south of Market street
and a children's ' playground at North
l>eacn: also to appraise sites for new fire
nouses as recommended by the Fire Com
mission ; also - to prepare plans and estt
mates-for a new County Jail in Dunbar
alley, and for additional room for- the
Hall of Justice to accommodate the Police
Department; also plans for :a new City
and County Hospital. and site. This is
preliminary to passing a'declaratory ordi
nance on the subject. ¦ * .
'Flre : Commissioner- Grady ¦ urged the
necessity of incorporating in the proposed
bond issue the acquisition of 'new fire
houses. , Grady said that many of ithem
were a disgrace and declared that the
buildings used by engine 9 on Main street
and engine 5 on (Stockton street and sev
eral others were unfit for human habita
tion. He said that $350,000 would be re
quired to purchase new sites and erect
the buildings thereon. . School Director
Mark spoke in favor of the children's
playground at North Beach. • .
HEIRS OF FAIR
WIN ONCE MORE
Smuggled Opium Seized.
Sixteen tins of prepared opium wera
seized yesterday on the Leelanaw by cus
toms inspectors as smuggled goods.
The Secretary of the. Treasury has dis
missed the charges preferred against Chi
nese Inspector Lynch by Gin Wah, a Chi
nese. merchant at Sebastopol, Sonoma
County. A Chinese coolie, arrived several
months ago, claiming to be a native-born
American and to be the son of Gin Wah.
Lynch went to Sebastopol and found that
Gin Wan kept a gambling house. Gin
gave Lynch a ten-dollar . gold piece to
bribe' him to suppress that fact in his re
port, but Lynch handed over the money
to the * Chinese Bureau and the gambler
preferred charges, of blackmail against
Lynch. . The Chinese Bureau- denied a
landing to Gin's putative son, but th»
bureau was turned-down by the Treasury
Department and -the coolie was allowed
to land as a native-born American citizen.
Coolie, to Land and Is Over
v '¦ : .'.' -rilled. _
Refuses to Allow a Native Born
CHINESE BUREAU TURNED
; DOWN BY THE TREASURY
Masons Take Charge of Body:
San Francisco Consistory of Scottish
Rite Masons, Thirty-second Degree, have
taken charge of the remains of James
Ar£hur Murrey, the laundry marker who
cut his throat yesterday morning while
demented. Deputy Coroner Mike Brown
in searching .the clothing of the suicide
found a Masonic - diploma sewed in the
lining of his vest. It certified that Mur
rey" had been raised to the thirty-second
degree by the Arkansas Consistory at
Little Rock in May. iS93. Charles W.
Conlisk of the San Francisco Consistory
received a telegram yesterday from Little
Rock stating that the diploma was genu
ine. *
halfrclad into the street.' ¦ He: claims to
have been drugged and wandered out Into
the Mission, where he was picked up by
a policeman, who took him to the County
Hospital. The old' man could' give no ac
count of himself and it • was several
weeks before he recovered sufficiently to
give/ his name. . His recovery was slow,
and the once rotund Waterson is now a
mere shadow of. his former self.. He says
he is not, dead yet' and that he hopes to
live for many years to come. • •
In the meanwhile the undertakers who
burled the supposed' Waterson are won
dering from whom they are going to col
lect their bill of $100. Likewise there is
a certain physician .who filed a claim for
$250 against Waterson's estate for medi
cal services rendered prior to his death.
Waterson, who lives at 346 Fourth street,
says he never, saw' the doctor in ques
tion. The identity of Waterson's substi
tute is unknown, but it does not alter
the fact that he lies at rest under trans
lucent skies, enshrouded In a fine casket,
and, that but. for Waterson's timely dis
appearance and; his resemblance to the
cobbler his bones might now be stowed
away in the cotter's field. ;
Three weeks after Wat erson's disap
pearance a "floater" was picked up • by
two fishermen, and when Mrs. Flynn vis
ited the Moreue that day she identified
the remains as those of her old f rend. In
order that there might be no mistake, an
other friend who knew Waterson well
also viewed the body and pronounced it
to be Waterson's. Everything was pres
ent to complete the .identification— the
short; fat tody, round face, short mus
tache, and goatee. There was, no doubt
in the minds of the Morgue officials as
to the identity of the remains, and as
Waterson was known to have $700 on de
posit in the.Hibernia Bank and no known
Heirs it was decided to give Waterson a
fine burial. The remains ,were interred
by Undertakers McGinn & Hansen. who
filed a bill for $100 with Administrator
BODY IS IDENTIFIED.
left the place. On the following morn
ing she returned to find Waterson's door
open and. the occupant- gone. Inquiry
among the neighbors failed to reveal any
information as to his whereabouts, and
after 11 day or two the matter was re
ported to the police.
COBBLER. WHO DISAPPEARED MYSTERIOUSLY IN OCTOBER, AND
WHO. WAS PRESUMABLY DROWNED AND BURIED, BUT WHO
TURNED UP IN. TIME TO SAVE HIS ESTATE. : .¦'¦'.'¦
Atkinson alleges that he has leased the
billiard privileges from the Royal Social
Club for $300, expended $500 more in fitting
the place up and paid $360 for rental up to
April 10, 1903. His sole revenue, he al
leges, is derived from the members of the
club, -and that" in consequence of the
raids of the police his business is ruined.
' P. Q. Atkinson, owner of the j billiard
privilege at the Cafe -Royal, through his
attorneys,. T. D. Riordan and Henry Ach,
secured a preliminary injunction yester
day restraining Chief of Police Wittman
from raiding the Royal Social blub rooms,
at the corner of Fourth street and Pio
neer court. The order was issued by
Judge Murasky and was made returnable
before him Tuesday next at 10 a. m. At
torneys Riordan and "Ach are Atkinson's
bondsmen.
Have In jiired His Billiard
Business.
Says Police Raids on Cafe Royal
Postofflce Inspector Dennis Coyne, un
der the direction of Chief R. R_ Munrc.
worked up the case against Von Duering'
not a single link In the chain being want
ing. The convicted man is a well-to-do
resident of Larkmead.
Von Duering was convicted last Tues
day of taking from the Calistoga postof
fice and opening letters addressed to Mrs
Robert Preltz, his sister-in-law. He tes
tified that he wrote letters at the request
of Mrs. Preltz and in her name to Walter
Luhn at St. Louis and received the an
swers for her. but the jury refused to be
lieve him and conceived an unfavorable*
opinion of him because, according 1 to hia
sworn statement, he had asked Mrs
Preitz's husband how much he would
give to be furnished with proof of her in
fidelity. Von> Duering*s wife la the sister
of Mrs. Preitz s husband.
The United States treasury was mada
richer yesterday by $C0O in gold coin paid
by Deidrich von Dueringr of Larkmead,
Napa, into the United States District
Court at the request of Judge de Haven
The Judge remarked that if Mr. von
Duering happened to be short and wanted
more time he would be furnished a saf«
and cozy apartment in the Napa County
Jail and three meals per day at the ex
pense of the United States until such
time aa he felt able to separate himscl*
from that much gold. Mr. von Duerln?
preferred to stay home nights and paid
the monev. v < > - n
ished for Writing Love Letters
in Another's Name.
Wealthy Resident of Larkmead Pun-
VON DUERING FINED
THREE HUNDRED DOZ.LAR3
FAVOR HOLDING
BOND ELECTION
Or. the evening of October 18 last Wat
erson paid a visit to his old friend, Mrs.
Mary Flrnn, living on Dupont street,
near Vallejo. Waterson had been drink
ing heavily for several days previous and
on the night in question he Indulged to
such an extent that he could not return
home alone. Mrs. Flynn escorted him to
his room In the rear of his cobbling shop,
and after seeing him well provided for
Waterson is several years In advarce
of the scriptural allotment of three-score
and-ten. He kept a cobbling shop at 510
Post street for several years prior to Oc
tober 18, 1901, when he disappeared mys
teriously. He was well known to the
members of the Olympic Club, with
whom he did sufficient business to enable
him to lay by the tidy sum of $700 in the
Hibernla Bank. Waterson was a fat,
jolly old fellow, with a cheery greeting
for all, and a love for intoxicants, the
excessive gratification of which was re
sponsible for. the events which rendered
him dead to the world for a period of
six months, and who, until his accidental
identification on Wednesday, .was 'thought
to be snugly buried in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. . : •. . .
A laughable feature of the affair, and
at the same time one that will perhaps
be officially investigated, is the" fart of
the filing by a physician of a bill against
the estate for services rendered. Water
son declaring he never saw the doctor in
question.
There was also a pathetic incident,
which now becomes ludicrous. A woman
to whom Waterson was devoted visited
the Morgrue and tearfully identified the
body there as his. .
William Waterson, to be made in
Judge Murasky's court , to-day, -will, re
veal a peculiar story. 1 , of a man's disap
pearance, the finding I of his supposed
bod> In the bay, its burial and the subse
quent discovery that he is alive and the
inmate of a hospital.
THE application of former Public
Administrator Patrick : Boland
for the revocation of letters of
administration upon the estate of
She testified that, she was introduced to
Kelley while he was on a visit to Stock
ton. - She and her mother came to this
city in March, 1900,; and got employment
with Mrs. Ford," whose house is' in the
rear of the church. Here she frequently
met the defendant. She claimed that he
betrayed her under promise of marriage
on September' 4. •
T The complaining witness is a bright. In
telligent colored girl. She gave her testi
mony calmly and in ¦• a straightforward
manner, and was not at all disconcerted
when under a severe cross-examination,
which : was. not concluded when the case
was continued till this afternoon.
Judge Cabanlss' courtroom was almost
filled with male and. female members of
the : Third . (colored) Baptist Church, 518
Powell street, yesterday morning, the oc
casion being the hearing of the charge
brought against their pastor, Rev. James
H.-iKelley, by Hattie Bynum, a young
member of the congregation, of betrayal
under promise of marriage. Attorney
Caldwell specially prosecuted, and the de
fendant was represented by Attorneys
Copland and Scott.
Betrayal Under Promise of
Marriage. .
Colored Pastor Placed on Trial for
HEV. JAMES H. KELLEY
" FACES HIS ACCUSES
ATKINSON GETS OUT
RESTRAKONG ORDER
The sixteenth annual picnic of the
• Printing Pressmen's Union No. 24 will be
held at Harbor View Park on Sunday,
May 11. A large delegation from the dif
rorent unions will be present, and special
pate and game prizes have been arranged
for.
Pressmen's Annual Picnic.
Committee of arrangements— H. H. Dilws
(chairman), C. F. 'Wedemeyer (secretary). B.
Cappel. C. F. H. Petersen, A. Mavers.
Reception committee — Dr. F. F. Lord. John
Kohs. F. Moll. C. F. Brown, O. Erlckson,
Michael Albrecht, E. Laux, C. H. Schlichtlns,
A. S. Page. I. Poket. John Toung, William
Hoelscher. G. M. Wagner. Herbert Jaeger.
John L. Wlehmann. H. Stelling. J. B. Camp
bell, C. Mehrtens. L. W. Tierney. B. F.
Graham, W. E. Fett. Colonel J. E. Slinkey,
G. F. Renken. F. Rathjens. A. Gorflnkel. M.
Oorfinkel, H. Boock. E. B. Snyder. Melville
Hermann. Vincent Krous, Peter Mlrrasoul
Ma.icr E. Lewis. C. Fegan. J. "W. Richardson,
T Wagner. H. W. Gantner. E. L. Forster.
-lartla Quinlan, C. Llgmann, O. Melssner. P.
x. Murphy. T. F. Fanning. A. Priestaff Fred
FniEsmann. Fred W. Morgan. Hugo Krous.
The institution and installation function
•was handled by the following commit
tees:
"The Druids," Xoble Grand Arch Godeau:
"The Growth of the Order." Grand Secretary
MartinorJ: "Old Friends' Grove," Ed Lewis;
"The Individual Druid," L. G. Schord P S
A.; "Our Motto." B. Cappel; "The Ladles."
S. B. Fugazi, and general remarks, Martin
Quinl&n.
After the installation the " members
of the new lodge and a number of visitors
went to a Powell street rotisserie, where
they partook of an installation supper,
being preceded on the way there by the
Veteran Firemen's band. At the conclu
sion of the excellent menu and a selection
by the band, the noble arch introduced
Dr. Lord as the toastmaster, and the fol
lowing toasts were responded to:
Dr. F. F. Lord, past arch; C. K. Wedemeyer.
noble arch; George F. Renken. vice arch; J. E.
Bl'nlcey. recording eecretary; 8. F. Graham.
financial secretary: William Holscher, treas
urer: B. Cappel. conductor: Michael Albrecht.
in Fide guard; Ed Lewis, outside guard; E. B.
Snyder, O. Ericfcson and IL StelUng, trustees.
A new grove of the United Ancient Or
der of Druids was instituted in the Druids*
Temple last night by Noble Grand Arch
Julius S. Godeau, assisted by Grand Sec
retary James F. Martinonl, Grand.Treas
urer, Past Supreme Arch I* G. Schord
and Past Arches Bamman and Stock. The
new grove, which has taken the name of
Old Friends, starts with sixty-two char-
Ter members. The ceremony of institu
tion was conducted in an Impressive man
ner, and the ! following named were In
stalled as the officers for the current
term:
. The police have In their i possession a
tintype of Hadley . dressed as a minister
which was taken at the Cliff House about
five years ago. ; None of Hadley's inti
mate friends ever knew him to essay the
role of a minister. -This is taken to indi
cate that Hadley was a man of pecu
liarly eccentric habits— just such a man
who would go about laying fiendish plans
for a. young girl's death in the stealthy
manner that the mysterious C. B. Haw
kins consummated his foul plot. .
¦¦"¦* "When ,the- time comes we hope -to pro
duce enough evidence to send Hadley to
the gallows," said Chief Wittman when
seen last night. "We are working away
on the case, getting a little information
every day. Captain Seymour has his best
detectives detailed on the case, and all
we want at this time Is the arrest of
Hadley. I feel confident that we will
have him in the toils before long. We
will follow him to the end of the earth,
if necessary, to bring him back to face
the charge of murder which the mother
of the dead girl has lodged against him."
DRESSED AS MINISTER.
Captain Seymour claims to have'dis
covered another ' strong: bit of evidence
which is damaging to Hadley. Captain
Seymour and his detectives- are conduct
ing the investigation quietly, and for rea
sons best known to themselves they In
tend to keep their discoveries secret foi
the time being.
Chief Wittman is in hopes that he will
receive a clew to Hadley's whereabouts
within the next few days. The fugitive
is well known throughout the big cities,
and it is quite likely that he will be rec
ognized through one of the photograpaic
circulars calling for his arrest which are
well distributed all over the country.
Both Captain Seymour and Chief Witt«
man have little faith in the theory that
Hadley has committed suicide. They are
convinced that he is in Hiding either in
Mexico or In some other neighboring for
eign territory. .
Much comment is made on the fact
that the two furniture men- who had
dealings with the mysterious Hawkins
and the grocery clerk, who saw him
with the fuller girl, identify the .photo
graph of Hadley so readily, while Krone,
the restaurant man. says he is not the
John Bennett who • is supposed "to have
met Nora Fuller at the Popular Res
taurant the- day she disappeared. Krone
claimed to have known Hadley well, but
upon being questioned - closely • he ad
mitted that he had not seen him- for
three years. This state of affairs, coupled
with the fact, that Krone said at the out
set-of the case that his patron, whom
he knew as John Bennett, sometimes
wore a clerical garb, and the police hav
ing established beyond a shadow of a
doubt that Hadley sometimes clad him
self. In ministerial garb, has given rise to
strange conjectures as to Krone's posi
tion.
Seldom in the history of crime ha3 a
police department penetrated into such a
deep mystery as that which surrounded
the Identity of the fiend who strangled
the unfortunate girl, and if Hadley is
caught and convicted of. the murder
much credit is due Chief of Police Witt
man and Chief of Detectives Seymour.
"When Hadley's .name was first' men
tioned In connection with the murder
there were many who scoffed 4 at the ef-"
forts of the police to fix the responsi
bility of the brutal crime upon the miss
ing Examiner man, but now that the po~
lice have developed a chain of strong?
evidence connecting him with u.e mur
der there is a disposition on the part of
those who .ridiculed the idea to fall in
line and accept the belief that Hadley is
the murderer, i
DISCOVERS MORE EVIDENCE.
.The police feel confident that it is only
a. matter of a short time when they will
have Charles B. Hadley. the fugitive Ex
aminer accountant and bookkeeper, In
t their clutches to answer for the brutal
murder of Nora'Fiiller.
An Installation Supper Fol
lows the Impressive
Ceremonies.
Chief Wittman Hopes to Have
Suspect in Toils Very
Soon.
' New Subordinate of the
Order Exists in Fra
ternal World.
Police Claim to Have
1 Additional Evidence
, Against Him.
DRUIDIC GROVE
IS INSTITUTED
FORGING CHAIN
AROUND HADLEY
THE -SAN ™
It develops that Waterson was attacked
with brain fever on the night of his dis
appearance, and'- while in delirium ran
14
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
A car-load of Call Superior
Atlases linn arrived and they,
are now, ready for diatrlbn-
llon. All Kobucrllicrs to The
Call are entitled to a* copy of
this erreat book at the prciu.
lum rate of fi .50. Oat of
town .subscribers desiring' a
copy of this nplcudid prem-
ium Trtll be'sapplled , on
ceipt of $1 GO. All mail.
' orders -will l>e shipped by ex-
press at subscriber's expense.^
If you ever hear of anyone who says he bought
an unsatisfactory pair of shoes at the Walk-Over
vlfi Shoe Store, tell him, or her, that he, or she,
$p is foolish not to take them back.
jftrt We'll right every wrong— even when the'
<xS|sp. wrong is in the buyer's mind and not in the
- This i s a Money-back store i n- f act— n ot fr3\
in name only. We absolutely guarantee the
wear of every pair of Walk-Over Shoes. f^lm
Also, any misrepresentation on the part c§-^
of a clerk, will be constituted sufficient fe^3" >
grounds for a refund of your money— or a new
pair. , r
So you can spend yoqr $3.5O dj C\O
here without fear of losing the price, M^ J mkJ\J
if the shoes do not look as well at ±$ Never "
home as they did in the store; or if Less,
the wear proves defective, in any for men-for women.
manner whatsoever. ;
What $5.00 store will do as much?
WALK=OVER SHPE STORE
F. F. WRIGHT & SON.
i$aMig?2& 924-26 Market Street. SJSSJ^
Friday and
Saturday
specials
It has been some time since
we have offered values as
great as these at our Friday
and Saturday special sales.
Each department is repre-
sented with bargains that
prompt your buying, even
should you not need the
shoes for weeks to come.
Monday the prices go back
to the regular figures.
Ladles' gray canvas Oxford ties for
summer wear; leather heels; all
sizes; regular price $1.23. Special for
Friday and Saturday 90^
Ladies' hand-turned patent tip kid
Juliets; soft and easy for house
•wear. Special for Friday and Satur-
cay T~r- si.So
Ladies 1 vid kid with patent leather
tips, or box-calf Oxfords, welted
soles and military heels; regular
£$.50 values. Special for Friday and
Saturday S2.<55
Ladies' fine v'ci kid lace shoes with
patent leather tips, dull kid tops and
Jrench heels; our regular $4.00 grade
Special for Friday and Saturday
$3.35
Men's tan Oxfords; hand welted; very
stylish; our well known $3.50 value.
Special for Friday and Saturday
$2.65
Men's patent leather or enamel Ox-
fords; very swell; our popular $3 50
value. Special for Friday and Satur
day 82.83-
Men's velour lace shoes; fine soft
leather; stylish toes, extended soles
Goodyear welted; just received from
the factory to sell for $3. DO. Special
for Friday and Saturday J52.S5
Children's and misses' box-calf lace
shoes; soft material, good weight'
extended soles; every pair guaran-
teed. Special for Friday and Satur-
day-
Sizes S% to 11 *l.ir>
Sizes W& to 2 S1.33
Boys' box-calf lace ehoes, extended
soles; excellent wearing and elegant
looking; every pair guaranteed. Spe-
- cial for Friday and Saturday
Sizrs 9 to 13 S1.45
Sizes 1314 to 2 .Sl!6,*>
Sizes 2>£ to 614 '. S1.93
o— oREMNANTSOF'^RIBBONS- HALF PRICE o— — o
Swiss fSSDAy ' ™'* ™- At AW
2s PnfflPli ¦'•¦"¦ Dependable Qualities nnlf
s Mfflbu Priced L}ke These nail
1 CUrtaillS "Give Impetus to Our PtICB.
|jj Lace trimmed . tt-v A ' <w • v Remnants of
«X and" he m^ |YI^Tri A \/ Wash Silks
I it»ii mmmm McTari o
pair. Friday. f^ A T X™^ -^^ , Beinnanta of 9
our price.,. S A I H S «S. ™
1 $1.50 ifjgiiigi liji 1
_ t> 1 m srzjymw "*¦¦ *^^^*^HS95SH»^fc-. Remnants o£ — __
S PAIR mw%^^L RfT^V"^
"- lii F i"g u red W W * /^iJ nanta hav» 7Z.
— n«ilrnq and K W V^3 ~T / C_>c^ wW a c cumulated
S III.. s^r -~ q
= Crooliet clearance sale of initial I
I Summer . Rathina -Stilt* Hante " %
Z "™ ih ' ,, About 100 FlanneSna Alpaca Bathins '. =
th'^Su^ir !$-. worth «6. |7.W and ». 6KSCIAX. „£„£?*«£ <»
=3 Shawls. be- y g, -> -» r~ T* 1 about 300 doz-
.- cause they n^yTPiirn enPURKlJ
£3 are so neces- $sJ*4>J J-^d-lU, LINEN INI-
eo Sary for -COOl m^^^^a^mm^mmmmm^^^mmmm^^mmm^mi^^mm TIAL HAND- r~\
evenings. „ ' - KERCHIEFS: *~*
wrap 3 are u'n- r\ I rt /• \r I Jt*^C«5, ea°h^ * ""* O
c omfortable. JlJ1CLK^J\. i/lvOO FRIDAY, — J
= s$s3s& Goods Values — — s
s ¦ rcason of thcir extrcmc pric? special
£2 Cnonini Onlo attractiveness will win im- Kill UlOTB
a »iai baiB mediate- favor. Onlp
8 Fine Cream \^^£i™£i?£^^'." *T» «,».
Frencli sscvard. - ss,p°Kr.
a= ZZ , EXTRA HEAVT QUAL.ITT ALL-TVOOI* Point etitch-
Zj FlflllTlPk CHKVIOTS. . \ng, for
g ridlUldib. 40c Yard. 90o Pair
S aiS Ot Dlaln !lI ?n Black ¦ All-Wool : Suitlnss and Figured
z all dualities Mohairs.' former prices 73c. 80c. SI yard. FIn«
= atabcuthalfpr.ee Specla. fo^rsea^?^
60C to $1.25 ALIj REM^2 TS Y o a /BLACK DRESS *" COl I": %
• Yard GOODS half PRICE. a Oo rair.
6- — o REMNANTS OF FINE VEILINGS, HALF PRICE.Q 6
This Vis-a-Vis is only one of the swell turnouts vre show on our floor. I]
Don't fail to pay us a visit before buying. More stock than all other dealers |
in San Francisco combined. Ask f or 1902 Catalogues. 'J
.¦.. ; ':; : ; : '.bF:CAiiFOT«aA.. : |
.. . . . .„ Market; and 'loth Streets., San Francisco. .¦ * ¦'. 0