SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, , JUNE 13, 1902.
RHODE ISLAND.'S CHIEF. EX
ECUTIVE, WHO ORDERED
'OUT THE MILITIA.
VIENNA, June 12.— There was a scene
of wild disorder in the Reichsrath yester
day during the 'debate on the Danube
navigation agreement. Herr Schoenercr,
a leader of the Pan-German party, and
Dr. Wolff, another leader of the same
party, exchanged Insults and finally box
ed each other's ears. It was necessary
for friends of the rival leaders to drag
them apart, amid cheers and jeers from
the galleries.
change Insults and Box Each
Other's Ears.
Leaders of Pan-German Party Ex-
SCENES OF DISORDER
IN THE REICHSRATH
They will propose two alternatives. On«
Is to drop the subject and make no fur
ther efforts to secure reciprocity legisla
tion. The other la to accept the rebate
plan. A count of those present and those
absent but known to be in sympathy with
the movement led to the conclusion that
there ore at least nineteen Republican
Senators who can be depended on to
stand together In any course agreed upon.
Counting the full Democratic vote as fa
vorable to the House bill, the beet sugar
advocates concluded that the proposition
to pass that measure unamended would
be the strongest that could be put for
ward. A combination of the two forces
would give a total of fifty-two votes, or
seven more than a majority. S
TWO ALTERNATIVES.
Republican Senators favorable to beet
eugar held a long conference to-day and
decided to continue their opposition to
reciprocity. They will do this by an
nouncing to the advocates of tariff reduc
tion that they will cast their votes for
the reciprocity bill as it passed the House,
including Moore's amendment for the
abolition of the differential duty on refined
sugar, and will resist all amendments
that may be offered to "It.
"Before we vote reciprocity of any kind
with Cuba," paid Senator Bailey. "Demo
crats will wish to know everything about
the campaign that has been waged for
this bill. The minority . has a right to
know how much of the funds of the Cuban
Government has been expended in the
campaign In behalf of this bill, and what
part the Sugar Trust has taken In it I
think it will taJke considerable time to
develop all this."
STAND OF MINORITY.
The most serious result feared by friends
of the administration from the disclosures
made by Senator Teller is its probable ef
fect on the Democrats, who pretend to see
rapidly growing political capital in the in
cident, and who on this account will be
disinclined to give the Republican major
ity "any assistance whatever on reciproc
ity.
The position of the administration is
that expenditures by General Wood were
made by him with full authority, not as
the representative of the United States,
nor as trustee of Cuba, but as actual Gov
ernor of Cuba. General Wood had full
authority to collect funds with which to
run the Government of Cuba, and he had
authority to spend it for any purpose he
deemed proper. He had a perfect ri&ht to
send out documents informing the. Amer
ican public of the economic needs of the
island. It was an expenditure as proper
as the printing and distributing of docu
ments by Congress, they contend.
President Roosevelt and Secretary Root
arrived in the city to-night, and within
ten minutes after the President reached
the White House he was in consultation
¦w-ltlj Senator .PJatt <rf Connecticut, chair
man of the committee on relations with
Cuba. A few minutes later". Senator
Epooncr was sent for and there was a. talk
lasting late into the night.
HAVE A LONG TALK.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 12.— "Fight
harder than ever" is the war cry of the
administration in the Cuban contest. The
revelations brought out yesterday by Sen
ator Teller that Cuban funds had been
used to disseminate information as«to the
needs of Cuba and that the Suestr Trust
¦was using the same medium to advance
reciprocity will only tend to intensify the
efforts of the administration officials, who
are now driven to the last desperate en
deavor.
The policy of the administration will be
tf> show that the money was expended for
a proper object and that there was at the
time F. B. Thurber of the Export Associ
ation was employed no connection be
tween the Government and the Sugar
Trust.
Esecial Diszatcb to The Call.
Strives for Tariff
Reduction.
Administration Still
Revelations Concern*
ing Cuba Cause Two
Conferences.
President Decides to
Fight Hard for
Reciprocity.
RHODE ISLAND'S
MILITIA IS CALLED
TO CHECK RIOTS
UPHOLDS
THE ACTS
OF WOOD
*6 \f®U can>t sto P the revolution in the Philippines* unless you take the severest measures. You would Haieto see your zvounded and dead mutilated: 1 'cannot describe the -fearful ' condition hi -which we found some of the bodies of*
* men under my command wlwwe'fe murdered by insurrectos. I received both verbal and zuritten orders from General Jacob. Smith to ; kill 'all insurrectos who 'were caught 'armed or -who refused Jo surrender . It zuas the only thing
that could be done, and I never questioned General Smith's orders with one exception.. This exception I refuse *.to state. A fair -estimate of the number of natives killed by the men of my command would be 400 to 500. These were
all killed in battle with the exception of eleven carriers, insurrectos at heart, who were tried by court-martial and shot. There was -only one woman shot,- and she zvas only '/slightly ''-woujided. She happened to be in the breastzvorks of a fort
my men were storming."— Major L. IV. T. Waller; United States Marine Corps, in an interview.' r A; " , .;—-;. r .,
MAJOR WALLER DENIES CHARGES OF INHUMANITY TO NATIVES
OF SAMAR AND DEFENDS SEVERE METHODS OF PACIFICATION
When the turmoil was at its height fully
a dozen shots were fired from the car
through the drawn curtains. One bullet
lodged in the neck of Venncr Peterson,
aged 12, son of John Peterson of this city.
The boy had been carrying dinners and
was returning home when attracted /by
the crowd. The shot struck him when he
was standing some distance from the car.
The shooting made the mob wild, and
only the presence of the troops prevented
the demolition of the car and serious in
jury of the deputies.
Major Sweet, surgeon of the cavalry,
examined the boy, and •. pronounced him
fatally hurt. The boy was taken to tha
Emergency Hospital, where it was an
nounced to-night that he Would die.
The wounding of the boy sobered the
crowd, which, after the car had proceed
ed, became more temperate.
At this time a Providence passenger,
Benjamin P. Bosworth, becoming- alarm
ed at the shower of stones, jumped from
the car, which was being rushed through
the mob, and sustained serious/ injuries
by falling.
BALL CARTRIDGES SERVED. .
The situation during the remainder of
LITTLE BOY IS SHOT.
STONES ARE THROWN.
The most- serious disturbance to-day
was at the city line. A car was started
from the Pawtucket-avenue carhouse o.i
which were a score of deputy sheriffs. At
Pawtucket and East avenues a big crowd
was in waiting, and It was prepared to
give the deputies a warm reception.
Major Maynard had the First Battalion
of cavalry as a guard to the cars, the
troops being divided by platoons in the
front and rear. The xleputy sheriffs w^ere
ordered to. keep their revolvers in their
pockets by Major Maynard, who said that
if there was to be any shooting the mil
itia .would do it.
.Chief of Police Rice was present and
advised the people to disperse, and, a
number of the striking conductors and
motormen practically endangered their
own safety by endeavoring to prevail on
the people to leave.
Before the people turned their attention
to the car they cheered the troopers. Im
mediately after, however, a rain of
stones, bricks and every conceivable form
of missile fell upon the electric car. The
troopers were hemmed in by. the mob and
with great difficulty succeeded in working
their way out, the motorman of the car
facing the mob and getting his car
through. . i
. , grllstened In ; the streets of
Pawtueket to-day. The astonishing in
.crease In_ the- number p*r lawless acts di
rected against the tfmted Traction Com
pany, whose union men have been on
strike since June 2, and the inability of
the limited police force and deputy sher
iffs to suppress rioting induced Governor
Kimball to call out the militia.
Numerous scenes of disorder occurred
during the day and more than a score of
people were Injured, one fatally. In the
presence of about 1000 persons and the
militia this evening Adjutant General
Sackett read the riot act. The city was
taken possession of by the militia. A pro
visional regiment was formed, composed
of companies from the First and Second
regiments, with the First Battalion of
Cavalry. The regiment responded to an
emergency call promulgated by Governor
Kimball, and Brigadier General Herbert
S. Tanner assumed command. In the aft
ernoon orders were issued calling out the
third division of the Naval Reserves and
the machine gun battery.
——.^ AWTUCKET, R. I., June 12.—
B |3 Bavon ets in the hands of- sol
ft^^^ diers ordered out by the Gov-
B ernor of the State to sup
-X*. -„ . , press riotous . disturbances
Deputy Sheriff Fires
in Crowd, Killing
a Boy.
Acts of Violence in
Pawtucket Street
Car Strike.
Continued on Page Thre*
Earthquakes on Colombian Frontier.
GUAYAQUIL, June 12.— Violent .earth
quakes have been felt during the. last
fortnight at Ulcan, a town near the Co
lombian frontier,, :,.'•
¦ "Is it true>major,- that you allowed some
of your men' to kill ¦¦ wounded- Filipinos?"
was asked. . '."<vV •'." - • >
¦" ."No," the officer -replied. /'None; of. my.
men > killed any : , wounded ; Filipinos, i; /The
wounded ' received *the -very'.bestVof/treat
ment. 'There are on '.file in; Washington
requests, on my part f or.baridages,-. for- the
supply in the island gave out.'' . " -. i
" "Is the" Island. of Samar; at. the. present
tlnie- a barren ; waste ,' as a 'result . of the
military there?" was another
question.asked. «...i....r;i. . .. ,
.viwas on: the east coast. and! that por-
NO WOUNDED ; MEN ; KILLED.
. who • were ¦ shot . . after; / a
trial by court-martial. This.' court
martial; I must . .explain. These na
tives wcre"*all insurrectos at. heartt They
were' constantly conveying news- of our
movements to the Filipinos we .'were fight
ing. Something had to be :done, and I
called a drumhead' court-martial. " I was
the Judge! I found eleven of them guilty
and oredered them shot. The others that
were killed, as I said before, were all
killed iii engagements. ! There ; was dnty
;one w'oroan shot, and she was only slight
ly wounded."' She happened? to 'be .in tfie
breastworks' of a fort that^my men'were
storming." - : ."¦''- .."'-.'•".•.- .-¦,; .
SaysiThat Extreme Measures Are Neces*
: \ saryon Disturbed Island.
tion of >the island is In a fair condition."
Major Waller replied. "On the west coast,
however, there are not many houses left
standing. But then J must again explain
when I talk about houses in Samar: They
are only shacks, and nearly every one of
them can be rebuilt for $30. The finest
house destroyed was not worth $100.
"During my stay in Samar I lost twen
ty-three men,. twelve of whom were killed;
by the natives through treachery. Wo
were in desperate- straits down there. It
was. sometimes ten days before we could
communicate with headquarters. I first
had 333 men under me. I afterward estab
lished two army posts and distributed the
men , into two forces. There were no tele
graph lines, but -some wires are being
hung now, which will make the task uS
ruling the natives much easier.
NATIVES ARE VERY SAVAGE.
¦ "The island. of Samar cannot be civilly
governed at present with success. Not
until the natives change , their ¦ present
modes of life will civil government' bo
practicable. At present the only way to
govern there Is by martial law. You can' t
believe the natives and they &ro very
treacherous. They' arc the most savage oS
1 WASHINGTON, June 12.— The Navy
Department j has completed its compila
tion of the names of the officers and
men who are to be decorated with the
West Indian campaign medal. The list
totals in round numbers 800 officers and
about 6000 enlisted men. Of ¦ this number
the engagement at Santiago bay, in which
the greatest number of vessels took part,
makes up the largest proportion. Ad
miral Schley and all the fleet officers and
men will get medals, arid the family of
Admiral Sampson will be given the one
intended, for the deceased admiral. A
great many of these officers and men will
have bars attached to their medals to
show that they were also at Manzanlllo,
Nip^ bay or other points selected by the
board of award as those at which an en
gagement worthy of a me^al was fought.
The meritorious service- medal will go
to persons who rendered exceptional ser
vice, like Blue, Hobson and Walnwrightl
The list of persons to whom this medal
will be given is still under consideration
by the board of awards.
Sampson and Schley to Re
: ceive Medals.
Officers and Men Who. Ssrved Under
REWARDING THE HEROES
OF THE CUBAN CAMPAIGN
MARINE CORPS OFFICER; WHO ( WAS TRIED BY. COURT MARTIAL
FOR ALLEGED CRUELTY TO NATIVES IN SAMARKAND UNITED
A STATES ARMY TRANSPORT -WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY.
The Baldwln-Zeigler Arctic expedition,
consisting of the (America and the a Bel-'
gica,- left TrpmEoej Norway,VJuly v i6, •¦ 1901^
under the command of Evelyn B. Bald-^
win.'-, '.'.".-'¦' ''' ' ¦ '¦'¦'¦
LONDON. June - 12.— W. ' S. CHamp, sec
retary of fife Baldwln-Zeigler Arctic ex
pedition, and Dr.G. S. Hurkley of New
York start to-morrow for Tromsoe,'Nor
way, whence theywill sail on July 1 on
the Frithjof for Franz Josef Land to take
coal to Baldwin's ship, the America, and
obtain news of the % Arctic expedition.
Champ expects to find the \ America in
about 82 degrees. If Baldwin has suc
ceeded : in\ his dash to j the pole he '.' will
be brought back! Otherwise the. Frith
jof .will leave a well-equipped sledge party
to search for Baldwin. The' Frithjof will
return .October 1,'at the latest. '
HOPE TO OBTAIN NEWS
• OF ARCTIC EXPEDITION
Consentine, it is alleged, had a long list
of people from whichto select his victims,
including the youngest son of Senator
Clark, Mips Lulu F. Largey, a millionair
ess of Butte, and also a number of lead
ing merchants, bankers and mining men.
When arrested/ Consentine held a ticket
for. Chicago, and it is believed he was be
trayed by accomplices in that city. The
plan was to steal, the Symonds" child first
and~iake it to St~ Paul and from there to
Chicago.
.An attempt was made several days ago
to - kidnap 12- year-old Hazel Gindrup, a
niece of Harry Simons, a prominent mer
chant of Butte, but the girl made her es
cape. A day. later an attempt was made
to steal the ! infant child of William Sy
morids, but , the nurse girl made an out
cry and the two kidnapers fled. Consen
tine is an Italian. Ills countrymen say he
was a brigand in Italy.
BUTTE, Mont., June 12.— The police to
day' unfolded what is believed to be a
startling conspiracy to do a wholesale
kidnaping business among the wealthy
families of Butte. The alleged leader of
the gang, Sam Consentine, Is under arrest.
One of the conspirators furnished the in
formation.' « • : , '
Who Intended Doing a Whole
. sale Business.
Upset the Plans of Bold Kidnapers
BUTTE POLICE UNEARTH
A STARTLING CONSPIRACY
:¦¦.-. VThe reports are all on ; file,' but a fair
estimate would make : it between ';. 400 ¦ and
500,'/ was the reply. , "These Were all.kllled
'in battle, with the'exceptlon of th^ eleven
"How many natives . did the ; men in
your command kill?" the major was
asked. ¦ ¦, * , . ¦
"The natives are brutal savages, 'In fact
very devils— full of treachery, you "can
not trust them or. believe a word they say.
They were just ¦ thirsting ',. for o'ur^blbod;
they were killing my men every time they
got a chance, so the only -thing that could
be done was to kill, them. The island. of
Samar is now, peaceful, and I think.'that
It was the best for the. natives: that; we
used such : f orccable methods." • ~* ! *' Pti'.* - .—
. "You cannot stop the revolution in the
Philippines unless you take the severest
measures.' You Would hate to see your
wounded and dead mutilated. I cannot
describe the fearful condition in which
we found some of the bodies of men- un-'
der my, command who were murdered
by natives. I received^ both verbal .and
written orders from General Jacob Smith
to kill all insurrectos who were - caught
armed or who refused to surrender. It
was the only, thing that could be dons;
and I never questioned General Smith's
orders , ¦ with one - exception. This excep
tional refuse to state. .. > V. - :; .-'-V^
Major Waller has been called to Wash
ton by the Secretary of the Navy, , and
will leave for, that city in a few days. He
says he has not been called as a witness
before the Congressional, Investigation
Committee. He is suffering severely from
a bad attack of bronchitis, and talks with
great difficulty. ¦'-.,• -..
When asked about military operations
on the Island of ¦San4ar,' ; he'said:<' ¦•-¦•'¦' ¦
MUST USE SEVERE MEASURES.
• Major Waljer is. a sharp, dapper,; little
officer. He wears the English army "put
tees." swagger riding breeches' and i r a
kahki uniform that fits las if it were
molded to him. Vile wears his campaign
bat with a Jaunty tilt; and his peculiarly
shaped sword, which is "the only thing
about his ihabiliments that shows he is
in thc-Marine Corps, is hung : low fro.m
the waist, and it clicks and rattles, draw
ing attention ; wherever : he goes. 1 •
The moment 'the Warren dropped ' an
chor in the stream Major; Waller came
ashore. He registered at the Occidental,
and then reported to the; Marine Corps
headquarters on EUis street. He spent a
few hours in the city, and, at 4 o'cIock.
took the train for Mare Island. :
quitted.
L. W. T. Waller,', U. S. M.CC.V
who has gained great notoriety, on "ac
count of charges being preferred against
him for t cruelty to. the natives of the isl
and of Samar. The: officer, was tried by
court-martial in Manila, but' was" ac-
A uu A HE > army transport Warren,
if Captain' Barneson commarid-
B Ing. arrived from Manila yea-
B terdaj', the most important
passenger aboard being Major
No Wounded Men
Were Killed, the Of
ficer Declares.
There were no further serious disturb
ances during the afternoon, and every
thing was quiet to-night.
MOB AFTER PRISONER.
WiHlam Welsh, a Deputy Sheriff, has
been arrested charged with the shoot
ing of Peterson. When taking the pris
oner to the police station two policemen
were roughly handled and were followed
to the door of the station by a mob that
stoned the officers and made great efforts
to get the prisoner from them. The man
was searched, and on him was found a
revolver with four charges in it. With
Welsh the police brought Adams Saun
rlers. a private of the Eleventh Heavy
Artillery, U. S. A.. aUFort Adams, home
on furlough, who declares he saw the
Deputy Sheriff lean over a seat and fire
the shot that hit the boy. Welsh main
tains that he did not shoot. The High
Sheriff had given orders to the deputies
not to use their revolvers and not to fire
under any circumstances. Later Welsh
was arraigned before Judge Shove on a
charge of assault with intent to kill. He
pleaded not guilty and was held in $1000
bail for appearance. Because of the ina
bility of the prisoner to furnish, bail and
the unwillingness of the police* to permit
him to be carried through the streets he
remains locked up at police headquarters.
•the afternoon, after the militia officers
had jurisdiction over the field and. had
mapped out plans of campaign, and the
proclamation of Governor Kimball had
been . published, was such that General
Tanner determined to have all the sol
diers available. After consultation with
the Governor it was-decided to ask for
all of the available militia, and additional
companies were called out.
On the arrival of these commands there
were 750 men and 60 officers on duty.
After the militia had been stoned in
the morning the ball cartridges were
served out, each private carrying forty
rcunds and each officer fifty rounds of
revolver ammunition.
Louis was released to-day to attend
his brother's funeral, the mourn
ers who came was Bartano Ferari, who
leaned over the coffin, looked on the face
of the dead man, wept silently. for a time
and then leaned down and kissed the
brow of the murdered man. As he raised
his head Louis Luciano beckoned him to
come to a rear room.- Ferari. did so and
Louis drew a sawed-off shotgun from his
trouser leg and filled Ferari with buck
shot, causing instant death.' He was ar
rested and admitted the 'killing. He had
killed one of the murderers of his
brother, -he said, and was willing to hang.
There were two others, and he would
take care of them. The police look for
a succession of tragedies, for an assort
ment of sawed-off shotguns owned by
Luciano have disappeared.
Eye-witnesses of the tragedy were reti
cent, but the police gave -Louis Luciano
the' '.'third degree" and he then told the
names- of two men whom, he recognized,
one of whom was wounded in the affray,
and the other captured while running
away. There were four others whom he
did not know.
Louis Luciano feays .he * ran upstairs ' for
a sawed-off shotgun; and thus escaped.
He. told a countryman,, however, that
Vetura, witlwwhom he was playing cards,
was-an^cnen^isTwho^canxa in merely -to
*seisf in- the murders' and that he, him
self,'. killed -Vetura. ¦¦ ¦','. • .
NEW ORLEANS,' June 12.— An; Italian
vendetta has begun here which promises
to lead to many deaths. An Italian was
mysteriously killed in Poydras street
about a month ago. Though the shoot
ing was in broad; daylight on a crowded
street eye-witnesses professed to be un
able to recognize any of^the participants.
Last night Salvador Luciano, who keeps
1 a grocery and wine room at Basin and
streets, , was sitting in a front
room writing to his mother in Italy. His
brother Louis and some friends, were in
the rear room playing cards. Suddenly
five or six men^ rushed in. and attacked
Salvador, killing him instantly with three
revolver and eleven knife wounds. They
then rushed into the rear room, shooting
and stabbing as tfiey went. Vincenzo Ve
tu>a fell dead with a ; dozen wounds in
his body. •• ',¦ . •?/ - . ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
One Assassin Meets
Death
of a Victim.
Three Men 7 A re Slain
in Very Short
Orderl " : "j- <f
New Orleans Again
Scene of Brutal
Murders.
ITALIAN
VENDETTA
IS BEGUN
The San Francisco Call.
VOLUME XCII— NO. 13. '
PRICE FIVE CENTS.Handsome souvenir for our visitors, Thi*
week's Wasp; San Francisco Shriners" parad*
Illustrated; tiO pages. All news stands. 25 cents.'
The culckest and ¦. most convenient way In
and out of the Yosemite Valley is by way of
the Santa Fe»':,If' you leave San Francisco to
day at 0 a,.jrn i _.on the. California-Limited you
are in .Yosemite to-morrow at 5 d. qi«. •
Call \nt San,ta-Fe ticket office, S 04* Market
street, for illustrated- pamphlet .and -full par
ticulars. ¦; t.-'r'r-- : y.-'i.':-.'-^ •••.-. £..*""« * •- •
Yosemite Via" the Santa Fe.
PARIS, June 12.— An employe of the
Bank of France who ivas entrusted with
the care of collateral securities abstracted
a number of these documents, and
through the help of a friend, borrowed
money on them from the Bank of Franco
itself. The newspapers say the sum tost
by the bank amounts to 450.000 francs. '
Employe Robs Bank of France.
PARIS, June 12.— M. Flourens, ex-Minia
ter of Foreign Affairs, was yesterday fined
100 francs for libeling his opponent in the
recent elections for members ot the Cham
ber of Deputies. The plaintiff in the cas.'
was awarded 1000 francs damage.
Fined for Libeling* His Opponent.
HAVANA, June 12.— Fifty Chinese im
migrants arrived here to-day on the
Fteamer Monterey, but they were, not al
lowed to lwid. They came from San Fran
cisco by wby of Vancouver. Fifty more,
who are now en route to Cuba will also
be prevented from landing. This action
was taken by the Cuban government un
der an American military order prohibit
ing such immigration.
Chinese Refused Landing at Havana.
The case of Frank Wilson, charged
with grand larceny, was called in Judge
Fritz's court yesterday,. but was contin
ued till to-morrow, as the complalhing
witness, Fred E. Graves, failed to . ap
pear. DetectiveV Crockett' and Riordan.
who arrested Wilson, .said that Graves
had left, the hotel at w,hich he was stop
ping, and" they were'.afraid' he had left
the . city. The Judge issued ah attach
ment for him. '¦'. - , . ' ¦ ' ' " ' yi;
Graves Fails to Appear.
TOURS. France. June 12.— About 3OD0
persons witnessed the execution at mid
night in the city park of the largest of
23arnum & Bailey's performing elephants
while on the way to the railway Btation
the animal suddenly went mad, broke its
chains, tried to kill its keepers and had
to be killed immediately. Two hundred
men tugged at the rope which strangled
the elephant.
Tries to Kill Its Keepers and Is Im-
mediately Put to Death
by Attendants.
PERFORMING ELEPHANT
SUDDENLY GOES MAD
From this point he was diverted by an
amendment iritrbduoed by Fairbanks of
Indiana providing for the issue of bonds
for the construction of the canal. Morgan
vigorously attacked the amendment,
maintaining that the expense of the
canal's taxation would be paid out of the
treasury's '.current receipts. Incidentally
Morgan again opposed the Panama route
and assailed the report of the new Pan
ama Canal Company to dispose of the
concessions held from the old company.
"Morgan of 'Alabama- occupied the floor
for three hours and a half discussing par
ticularly the diplomatic phases of the
question. •
WASHINGTON, June 12.-After consid
ering the London dock charges bill for an
hour and a half to-day without complet
ing it, the Senate resumed consideration
of the isthmian canal question. „ .
Vigorously Attacks an Amendment
Providing 1 Bonds to Construct
the Canal.
MOBGAN MAKES FIGHT
ON THE PANAMA ROUTE
Floor . committee — M. " J. McDonnell, chair
man ;¦ Charles D. Collins, M. Lynch,' P. J.
Doherty. P. T. Ryan, T. C. Carr, F. Blanchard,
J. J. Gerran, C. A. Buchanan. Louis Reuben,
J. Y»\ Kelly. Farley. Lewis; D. # S. White. J.
J. CoJeman,' L. A. Bickell; C. M. Jones. W. H.
January. C. A. Sarcander.-H. T. Hammond, A.
I. Torres. - ,. ¦ -...¦. -.- '. .
Reception committee — S. H. Jenner, chair
man; J. W.- -Kelly. J. D. Murray, F. G. Xor
cross, Charles Mansfield, J. H. King, Andrew
F. Smith. J. C Harlow, E. S.' Belcher, C. A.
Buchanan,- John 'Bryant. v - . . • . . .,
Games committee — Louis P. Ward, chair
man; Phillip Johnson, J. S. Phillips, James T.
Kelsey.... .. .
. Committee of arrangements — James P. Ol
well, chairman; George H. Branch, secretary;
E. I... Gamble, J. S. Phillips. Phillip Johnson,
P. J. Cotter. L.. Mlchelson. W. B. Goode. M.
Dobrin, F. W. Gnekow, R. S. Daly, • J... J.
Neeley,' W. J. Rosetti, S. T. Sawyer, Farley
Lewis, J.-J. Coleman, James D. Laing, II. L.
White. ,-, . ¦ . ' - . . .'»•
number of valuable gate prizes were
given away. The names of the commit
teemen are:. .- . . • '¦<••
BOISE, Idaho. June 12.— The long block
ade between outside points and Thunder
Mountain Is now fairly broken, and work
will soon be under full headway in tha
camp. It has been Impossible for the
mining companies to start until they
could -get In supplies. While many peo
ple Have been going in and out over the
various trails.. there have been no oppor
tunities,, to get large amounts of sup
plies in until now. The main factor in
clearing up the situation is the opening
of what Is known as the Claswell trail.
This lies on the high land between the
middle and south forks of the Salmon,
and therefore free from high water trou
bles. That trail is now open. It is reach
ed by wagon road from Boise.
Mining Companies Will Be Able to
Get in Supplies and Com
mence "Work.
THUNDER MOUNTAIN TRAIL
AGAIN OPEN TO WAGONS
£ffiNE AT THE PRINTERS' PIC
aSnic which was' held ;at
"FAIRFAX PARK YESTERDAY.' -
Race for boys between the ages of 6 and 9
years— Charles Ilearn, George Neely, Leslie
McDonald and 'Harold Bortges. Race for
girls between the ages of »> and 9 years — Nel
lie Hughes,. Catherine Agnew, Helen Loren
zeni and Hazel Silva. Race for boys between
the ages of « and 12 years — Alfred Olwell, 1 Joe
Devaney ana Charles Manny. Itace for girls
between the- ages of 9 and 12 years — Telia
Leveron, Catherine Coffin and May Harrington.
Race for boys between the ages of 12 and 10
years — Robert Johnson, Ernest Mitchell and
James Olwell. Race for girls between the age3
of 12 and 17 years — Delia Edelmann, fsabel
Reid and Alice Harrington. -Ladies' race 40
yards — Miss N. Cotter. Nellie McJIann 'and
llfes K. Bcal. Men's race, 50 yards — P C
Lawler, W. C. Olwell. G. E. Mitchell and
Dave Olwell. Fat ladies* race, 20 yards — Miss
Claire Jouline, Mrs. Neely and Mrs.-' McDonald
Race for members of the San Francisco Typol
graphical Union, No.. 21, GO- yards — W. Good
R. H. Hamshar and It. J. Espy. Race for
members . of ¦ the Allied Prirtynir-' Trades," : 50
yards — William Johnson. and'ijEdward Distell.
Before the trains- darted- homeward a
The weather was ideal for a picnic and
amusement at the pretty little park was
found ih: large quantities. Many campers
in the vicinity- left their tents and joined
the merry-makers, and" few picnic crowds
could have been more congenial.
A band in the pavilion furnished music
for dancing that was continuous on the
day's programme. Athletic events occu
pied the afternoon and all of the athletic
contingent, both old and young, partici
pated. The following is a list of the
events and the winners of each:
pTT"^HE fifteenth, annual picnic of the
I Union Printers' Mutual. Aid So
il ciety was held at Fairfax Park,
••'JX Marin County, yesterday. A large
throng of pleasure seekers left the
city shortly after 9 o'clock, and many
more followed on boats that left at noon.
M. Jouares said. he was pledged by the
Government's promise to vigorously en
force the law of associations, but he*re
ftretted that the . powers-of the clergy
were not further- curtailed,' ami hoped
that the reduction.' of- the period of mili
tary service to two; years would be the
first step in the formation of a militia
system. He suggested .that- France ¦ take
the glorious initiative in disarmament.
The question of Alsace-Lorraine, ¦ he as
serted, could not stand in the way.:.
The Rightists protested against these
remarks by-M. .Jouares, and there were
repeated interruptions when he, said the
Franco-Russian alliance, on- which the
patriots counted on formerly to support
the French claims to Alsace-Lorraine, had
now become the principal instrument for
the maintenance of the status quo.
M. Jouares concluded amid cheers from
the Socialists by asserting ithat disarma
ment was the best means to secure social
reforms.. ¦ . - '. .
M. Jaures was followed by M. ; Sembat,
who spoke for the uncompromising So
cialists. He ; attacked the moderation of
the Government and eaid he would vote
against it. - . i. .
Replying to M. Sembat, M. Combes, the
Premier, said that the . recent elections
had shown that the nation approved the
policy of the last Cabinet and desired its
continuation, and that this was the pur
pose of the Government.- After entering
upon details of his policy M. Combes con
cluded by saying that the Cabinet's atti
tude was one of combating nationalism
and clericalism. • . ' ..¦'
After listening to a speech by M. RIbot
(Republican), in -.which the speaker dwelt
upon the vagueness of the ministerial
declaration, the Chamber adopted a vote
ot confidence in the Government by 329
votes to 124, worded as follows:
"The Chamber expresses its confidence
in the Government to apply the, policy of
lalcism, fiscal reform and social solidar
ity." ¦ r. . ¦ ¦ -.•¦.-. : '.. ..• i
The Chamber-then adjourned until next
Monday. ; : • '
M. Jouares in behalf of the Foclallst3
declared they would . collaborate witb~.the
Republican and reform policy.
" The Minister, of Finance, M. Rouvler, in
terposed, saying: "We Intend ' to ' make
economies in all the services." , :
. M: Brussiere urged the Government to
fiimly carry out the Radical programme
and introduce measures tending to the
separation of church and state, | pro
viding for a progressive • income tax and
the partial purchase of the railroads by
the state. ; . -.. ¦ . •
PARIS, June 12.— The Chamber of Dep
uties 'and its galleries were filled to the
utmost this afternoon when the first de
bate under the new Ministry, and one
which was to Indicate precisely its
strength in the- house, opened. M. Brus
slere (Radical) moved-an interpellation of
the general policy of the Government and
said he hoped it wquld show the same
firmness as its predecessors in defending
the republic.
LONDON, June 12.— George Renwick,
Conservative member of Parliament for
Kewcastle-on-Tyne and a ship owner, tes
tifying to-day before the Parliamentary
Subsidies Committee in behalf of the
owners of "tramp" steamships, objected
to the Government subsidizing the great
liners instead of subsidizing cargoes, 'and
eaid the foreign competition which he
mest feared was .the American. The
transfer of British ships to foreigners
was absurdly simple. All ships in * the'
American combination could be trans
ferred to the United States within a quar
ter of an hour and at the cost only of a
few stamps.
Renwick. when asked if he thought the
American ship subsidy bill would be
dropped in consequence of the Morgan
chipping ' combine, replied that, on the
contrary, he had good reason to believe
It would be pressed on.
I do not believe that Morgan made proposi
tions to the French Transatlantic Company,
because he thought it was in such a precarious
condition that It could ' easily be overcome.
¦While I doubt his success would be so easy,
Kill I think It necessary to provide for an
eventuality. This ie why I am calling on the
Government to Intervene. The danger from an
economic view point is great, but there is. also
dancer from a military point. All the ships In
the combination will tiy the American flag: and
in rate of war the United States could utilize
them as cruisers and our American colonies,
which are bo ardently coveted by American im
perialism, might be endangered.
M. Etienne dois ;not Intend to question
the Government before a fortnight hence
in order to give, the" Minister of Com
merce sufficient, time' to investigate 1 the
situation. ¦ * • ,". ¦ ' .
PARIS, June 12.— M. Etlenne, vice pres
ident of the Chamber of Deputies, was in
terviewed to-day regarding his letter, sent
Tuesday to the Minister of Commerce, M.
Troutllot, on the subject of the American
thlpping combination. He said the com
bination constituted a national peril for
Krance. adding that a similar combina
tion might be formed for the Mediterra
nean. Continuing he said:
Partial Purchase of Railroads
• by the State la .
Favored.
Believes the Danger From an
Economic View Point
Is Great.
j M.Etienne Says It Con
stitutes a Peril for
France.
Socialists Regret That
Powers of Clergy Are
Not Curtailed.
FRENCH MINISTRY
OUTLINES POLICY
SHIPPING TRUST
ALARMS EUROPE
TIJE SAN FRANCISCO ; GALL, FRIDA^Y JUNE 13, 1903:
UNION PRINTERS SOCIETY GIVES
ANNUAL PICNIC AT FAIRFAX PARK
2
S .,;¦ . .";• -¦. r , __ '- 'i,,. ¦ x-' ?i.". '-2 :'JZ-' * . ; ¦ .-.-¦ .'.--.. ¦ . ¦ '•.¦•...->- ¦-;¦.¦.; ... '". _..,....--.. ¦¦. ...... _, : . _,. "" .,¦._.':, . ._ ;
a 8 ' ¦' -¦'• ¦' '. '. ' .¦.'".'¦ ' " ; : ' " ' ' - ¦ . '¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' ' % ¦
I § For years I had been a sufferer with i chronic^stomach trouble, pressure of gas | 8
I I and distress of my bowels. I contracted what the doctor pronounced a low type 1 I
I I diet would create fever and vomiting. The druggist sent me a box of Ripans I I
| I Tabules, saying he sold more Ripans than anything else for stomach trouble. I i 5
S 1 hat nnK, fn.^/1 « fl i: fl * U '"i U I' i u i. ' j I 1
g I not only iouna reliet, but Del level have been permanently cured. § i
|. I ' At Druggists'. The Five-Gent packet js enough for an ordinary occasion. 1 I
| I The family bottle, 6Q cents; cpn^tains a supply for a year. I s-
gs. BM .,.. Bn ,c M .........«..., B , Ba .....................,..,,,,,....,.,,. g ,. B ., c ,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/&&K p'^BB^^'.^^^'J' j/S&k e picture two of the
' upper one is a Tourist-
i*;mEM comes in black only, and
.¦.•'; a^^s^^^ band, cedar with cedar or
. : : . black band. They are
- . tony shapes that appeal to
swell dressers. We have them at two prices^ —
Mi and^ $2.50.
Just received a new shipment of tourist straw hats at ?1.OO,
SI; 50 and $2.00.
, .-<¦'¦•-/''•'•
More Panamas: Just imported another lot from South Amer-
ica; they are the genuine, and being bought through a special
purchase we sell them for $0.00. Their value is fully $10.00.
-¦•--;-- /Engineers' ' cap?, ?nEPWORTH LEAGUE MEMBERS
WHO WILL TAKE PART IN
THE FRESNO CONFERENCE.
, BUDAPEST, Hungary, June 12.— The
Finance Minister, Dr. de Lukacs, an
nounced in the Hungarianj.Diet to-day
that he will shortly introduce a- bill pro
viding for the.abolition of sugar bounties
in Hungary, - %.nd • will » make proposals
which the Government thought would be
beneficial.; to; the, sugar industry of the
country.'*-^ ~-':--'.' : :? ,*¦.-'•--,* ¦:-, -•-
Sugar Bounties to Be Abolished.
FRESNO, June 12.— A new opportunity
for milliners has j presented itself in this
city with the introduction of . hats ; for
horses. Several well-known local horse
men are appearing on the streets with a
fantastically : made straw ' sombrero cov
ering their horses' heads. -They. ¦ claim
that during the hot weather the horse is
a;> justly entitled to a covering for the
head as. a man. The hatted, horse at
tracts considerable attention, however, "in
his perambulations about the streets.
Hats 5 Adorn Fresno - Horses.
SAN JOSE, June 12.— The commence
ment exercises of the Academy of Notre
Dame took place this morning - before a
large and fashionable audience.. A fine
musical programme was rendered by tha
students. ' Miss Bertrande Cauhape read
an; essay, "Song of the Tireless Sea," and
Miss I.~ Campbell : rendered both a piano
and violin solo. The Rev. Father. Glea
son made the presentation address to the
graduates. The young ladies receiving
diplomas are: Miss Irene J., Baker,, Mis^
Gertrude M. Byron, Miss Irene Campbell,
Miss Bertrande M. • Cauhape, Miss .. Lil
lian M. Fox, Miss Anna Lighthouse and
Miss Eleanor F. Lowe. A gold medal was
awarded to Miss Irene Campbell for vio
lin, Miss Cauhape for English literature,
Miss ' Lighthouse for Natural -sciences.
Miss Byron for drawing, Miss Lowe for
Christian doctrine. Miss Fox and Miss
Baker ea*ch received' a gold medal for
bctany.
Honors for Notre Dame Students.
, : TACOMA, June 12.— It is now almost
certain that Murderer Underwood will be
captured; it being only a question of
until he is*" starved out. This morning
Sheriff Roney saw the smoke of Ijis camp
fire at daybreak, but by the time he and
his r companions -could reach the fire Un
derwood had disappeared, and -^ only
smoldering coals remained and corned
beef and sardine cans, recently opened.
These cans bore the same labels as those
which Underwood purchased at Fisher's
store at Tokeland a week ago. The loca
tion of the fire w&s but a short distance
from that of the previous night, and not
very far back in the woods. An old over
turned boat was found on the beach yes
terday, where Underwood is supposed to
have spent Monday night. -
Sheriffs Roney and Cudihee have drawn
a cordon around the spot where Under
wcod is supposed to be hiding, and are
playing a waiting game, confident that
he will be forced to come out by starva
tion. The few Indians in that vicinity
are being closely watched, and It is not
believed they are helping Underwood. Un
derwood's supply of provisions purchased
at Tokeland consisted of two cans each
of dried and corned beef, six cans of
sardines, five pounds of crackers, four
pounds • of cookies, five packages of ; to
bacco and one box of matches. ._•••'¦
tain toBa Starved Out.
Washington Murderer Is Almost Cer-
TJNTEBWOOD IS LOCATED.
Sheriff Durgln turned the leadership of
the posse over to Sheriff Cook of Clacka
mas County to-night and returned to Au
rora. Guard Carlson of Walla Walla, in
charge of the bloodhounds, also brought
the dogs In to-night for a rest. Three
companies of militia are guarding ¦ the
roads. . . ;
While this was happening the other con
vict climbed over the fence at a point 100
yards away. The two fugitives ran rapid
ly to the center of the wheat field ad
joining their hiding place, and proceeded
on their way together. No one attempted
to follow until daylight.
At 7 o'clock this morning the convicts
appeared at the farmhouse of A. Akers,
five miles north of Gervais, and demanded
breakfast. The men had all gone to work
and only Mrs. Akers and her daughter
were in the house when the bandits
walked up. They made no effort to con
cealtheir identity and Tracy said: "I sup
l>ose"you know who we are?" and without
waiting for a reply said; "We are the
convicts who broke out of the peniten
•Mrs. Akers and her daughter prepa'red a
good meal for the outlaws, who had their
guns across their knees while eating. Mrs.
Akers asked them to lay down their guns
while they were eating, but Tracy said he
preferred to keep his weapon near him,
but assured Mrs. Akers that he would not
harm her. After finishing breakfast they
started north. ' /
Mrs. Akers telephoned to Sheriff Durbin
at Gervais that the fugitives had taken
breakfast at her house and that Tracy ap
peared to be wounded Un the right arm-
Sheriff Durbin immediately prepared -to
follow the y trail and ; with a posse and
bloodhounds arrived aV Monitor postoffice,
near the Akers" farm; about 9 o'clock: • *
At 12:30 o'clock this afternoon the fugi
tives lunched at a farmhouse near Needy
and there they secured six pounds of ba
con and a frying. pan, which they took
with them.
The Sheriff of Clackamas County to-day
organized a posse and joined in the hunt.
Company A, Oregon National Guard, of
Oregon City, was ordered out late this aft
ernoon by Governor Geer to take up tho
chase after the fugitives. They have been
tracked all day by the posse and this
evening it Is supposed they-are in the
thick woods on Deep Creek, about seven
miles from Woodburn, and close to the
border between Marion and Clackamas
counties.
At 2 o'clock this morning Charles. Tun,
one of the guaras, decided to move back
to a more commanding | position tit ty
yards away. He had scarcely, taken up
his new station when one of the convicts
ciimbed over the fence at the exact spot
Tuh had left. Tuh was armed with a
shotgun;'- loaded with buckshot. He tired
at the outlaw four times, without effect.
Their daring deeds have terrorized the
inhabitants or the country through which
they have passed and every demand of
the outlaws is complied with by the ter
ror-stricken farmers. They have eaten
at least two meals a day since their flight
began and i upon entering a farmhouse
tiity boldly announce that' they are the
fugitive convicts. :
Last night the fugitives were sur
rounded in a stretch of woods and Sheriff
Durbin. leader of the posse, believed that
there was no chance of escape, the pick
ets being only 105 yards apart, but the
wily convicts broke through the line in
the darkness of the early morning.
PORTLAND, Or., June 12.— The people
of three counties are aroused to the high
est pitch of excitement, over .the daring
break for liberty of Harry/ Tracy .and
David Merrill, the convicts who . escaped
from the Oregon penitentiary .Monday,
after shooting . to : death three prison
guards.' They have been hunted with
bloodhounds for. four days by a posse of
rearly 200 armed men,- they have been
shot -at a dozen tinies and to-night they
are still at large.. . . , .
Armed Posse, Thres. Companies of
Militia and, a Pack of Blood-
• hounds , on the Trail of
Two Murderers. ' - — • .
Farmers in Three Counties
Terrorized by the Fugi-~
;he presence of their Majesties.
This was a busy day in American diplo
matic circles. Rear . Admiral : John C.
Watson and General • James H. Wilson,
who will represent the Navy and Army
of the United States at, the coronation of
King Edward, reached London to-day
from Southhampton, called on Whitelaw
Reid, the .special Embassador of the
United States, and Joseph H. Choate, the
American Embassador, and in other ways
fulfilled the .official preliminaries of their
mission. -.
The "new Embassador of Great Britain
to the United States, the Hon. Michael
Henry Herbert, was also among the
callers at the Embassy.
tj ' ONDON, ' June 12.— King Edward
I and Queen .Alexandra were , en-
I j gaged to-day, in what. was practi-
JL-^j rally a rehearsal of the coronation
ceremonies. Accompanied bf
Princess .Victoria and suite, their Majes
ties drove to Westminster Abbey. They
were quietly received by the Duke of Nor
folk, Earl { Marshal and Chief Butler of
England, who escorted them through the
abboy. ;In order to prever^tVthe possibil
ity of a hitch in the proceedings on coro
nation day, all the details of the proces
sion, and .ceremonial were explained to
them. The royal visit to the abbey was
accomplished very quietly, and but a few
persons about the building were aware of
Oregon Convicts Con
trive to G-et Through
A large party attended the dinner,
which Mr. and Mrs. Choate gave toMr.
and Mrs. Reid to-nisht.
Climatologists Elect Officers.
LOS ANGELES. June 12.— At the clos
ing session of the annual convention of
the American Cllmatolosical Association
in this city, Dr. Normal Bridse of Los
Angeles was elected to serve as president
of the association for this ensuing year.
Other officers were choszn as follows:
First vice-president. I>r. James. E. Wil
son, Philadelphia; second vlce-presldent-
Dr. H.. S. Orme, Los Angeles: member/
of the council. Dr. Guy HlnsCale of Phil
adelphia and Dr. Samuel A. Flske wf
Denver. |
Organizations of the MethodFst Episcopal Church South. "Have
Arranged an Elaborate Programme and Prominent Clergymen
From All Parts of the State Will Speak at the Conference
Accompanied by Princess Victoria and a Smite, Their Majesties Are
Driven to Westminster Abbey, Where the Duke of Norfolk
Explains Details of . the 'Procession and^ Other Proceedings
FRESXOv June 12.— The eleventh
annual session of the California
State conference of Epworth
Leagues of the Methodist Episco-
pal Church South will begin here
on June 18, and will continue for "four
days. A long and elaborate programme,
contain'r.g a great variety of interest
ing features, has been prepared. The ses
sion will be largely attended, and prom
ises to be a notable one in the history of
the organization. Following are the offi
cers and committees:
Horace X. Caldwell. president. Lompoc; C.
K. Wickes. first vice president. Willows; Grace
Caftle. second vice president, San Francisco;
Xoel H. Garrison, third vice president. Hollis
ter: "W. F. Greenleaf, secretary and treasurer,
Santa Ana; Mrs. M V. Healy, superintendent
juvenile ¦work. Alameda; reception committee.
Pearl Hague, Bessie Ashman, Nora Kenyon,
KING AND QUEEN REHEARSE
THE CORONATION CEREMONIES
HUNTED MEN
SPEED CLEAR
OF PURSUERS
EPWORTH LEAGUES WILL GATHER
FOR ANNUAL SESSION IN FRESNO
The family, consisting of wife, - father
son and daughter, , Ida,- came to Doug
las seven weeks ago f rpm ; Silver City
N. Mex. After careful inquiry- by the
Coroner's j jury the; girl I was exonerated/ Bj
PHOENIX, Ariz., June 12. — Fayette
Janeway, aged 57 years, was shot and
instantly killed in Douglas Sunday morn
ing about 5 o'clock by his daughter Ida
aged 18 < years. The girl says "she shot
him with a revolver in defense of h»r
honor. The bullet entered the man's face
lodging In his brain.
Esvolver in an Arizona
. Home.
Eighteen- Year-Old. Ida Jane-way Uses
YOTJNG WOMAN TAKES
LIFE OF HER FATHER
General Miles' remarks were those of
an older to younger officers and referred
almost wholly to the business of war.
He said there were supreme moments in
the life of a soldier, one when an officer
knows he doing just what the enemy
thinks he is not, and when he feels one
more victory has been added to American
glory. General Miles was loudly cheered
and applauded when he arose to speak.
The audience, comprising ladles in fash
ionable summer costumes and the entire
cadet corps and several hundred visitors
occupied chairs on the lawn' under the
trees, and the clear sky and beautiful
scenery about West Point gave the exer T
clses a picturesque setting. "
The speakers were General Dick, for
the board of visitors; Secretary Root, for
the Government, and General Miles, for
the arrrfy;
WEST POINT. N. Y., June 12.-The
centennial celebration of the Military
Academy closed to-day with the presenta
tion of diplomas to the one-hundredth
graduating class by President Roosevelt.
The weather was fine and the ceremony
took place out of doors on that part of
the parade grounds known as "Cavalry
place." An open tent over a platform
had been erected for the speakers and of
ficials, and, standing at the front of the
platform. President Koosevelt presented
each new officer with his diploma.
It was x expected the President would
make a few remarks, but he simply shook
hands with each cadet. On the platform
beside the President were General Hor
ace Porter, General Miles, Secretary
Root, Secretary Moody, Postmaster Gen
eral Payne, the Chinese Minister. Wu
Ting Fang; Senator Pettus of Alabama.
Senator Quarles of Wisconsin, Governor
Odell, the Italian Embassador, Mr. Des
Planches; Generals Corbin, Young, Scho
field, McCook, Brooke, the Right Rev
Dr. Conaty, the academic board of the
academy, Chekib Bey and Congressman
Dick of Ohio.
President Takes Part if!
Closing Exercises at f
WestT\Point; '
Continued from Page One.
GIVES GRADUATES
THEIR DIPLOMAS
>e the tie that binds;" "God be with you till
ve meet again;" benediction.
Ida Birkhead, Clarke Bteger. Robert Glenn, S.
TI. Fortune. Fresno; railroad committee, W.
Frank Greenlcaf. W. G. Pcage. TJkiah; Robert
Pcole. Viss&lia; H. L. Burchell, Gilroy.
The following programme is an
rounced:
Wednesday evening. June 18: Reception to
delegates and friends by Fresno Chapter; selec
tion, "O Lord, How Manifold." Fresno Ep
worth Chorus, (seventy voices); Invocation, Rev.
J. J. K. Kenney; vocal solo. Miss Clara Parsons;
selection, "By Babylon's Wave," -Fresno Ep
worth Chorus; address of welcome on behalf
of Fresno. Mayor L. O. Stephens; address of
welcome on behalf of Fresno Ministers' Union.
Rev. Thomas Boyd, pastor First Presbyterian
Church; address of welcome upon behalf of St.
Paul M. E. Church South. Rev. J. A. Batch
dor, pastor; baritone 6olo. Fred Moore; re
sponse upon 'behalf of State Conference, Hor
ace. N. Caldwell, State president; selection.
"The Heavens are Telling," Fresno Epworth
Chorus.
Tnursday. June 19: 9 a. m. — Sacrament of
the Lord's Supper, conducted by Revs. O.
A. Thrower, J. J. N. Kenney, J. E. Moore and
I. F. Betts. 10 a. m. — Business session; organ
ization; roll call; appointment of committees,
etc. 11 a. m. — Opening sermon, "The Greater
Miracle." Rev. Guyton Fisher. West End, Los
Anceles.
Thursday afternoon — 1:30: Bible stud
ies—History, inspiration and general structure.
Dr. M. B. Chapman. 2:00 p m. — Devotional
department work. First Vice President C. R.
Wickes presiding; "The Great Objects," C. M.
Pair.e. Stockton; "Wherein We Fall." Miss Eva
Rarst. Chico. 3:00 p. m. — Charity and help
department. Second Vice President G. Imo
gene Castle, presiding; vocal solo. "Cruciflxus"
<Faure), Mies Bessie 'Price, San Francisco;
"Joy of Service," Miss Bessie Bentley. Mo
desto; "Christ In the Home," Miss Thana Ham.
ilton. Wheatland; discussion. 4:00 p. m. — Ad
dress. Rev. J. C. Robertson Modesto.
Thursday evening — 8:00: Song service,
ltd by Professor J. A. Carroll. 8:30 p. m. —
Kermon. Rev. W. E. Vaughn, editor Pacific
Methodist Advocate.
Friday. June 20 — 9:C0 a. m. : Bible studies —
"Authorship. Chronology and Authority," Dr.
M. B. Chapman. 9:30 a. m. — Missions: "The
Value of the Study of Missions, and How to
Tromote the Same" (twenty minutes). Rev.
J. C. Wooten. Oakland; solo, Mrs. Lee Mow
< Chinese) ; "The League as a Missionary Force
— How to Secure EfHciency" (twenty minutes).
Miss Bessie Bentley. Modesto; solo. Dr. Keem
(Chinese); "Our Responsibility" (twenty min
utes), Mrs. William Acton, Selma; reciting
Psalm 121 and chorus by Chinese mission
Fchoo!. 11 :00 a. m — Sermon. "The Evangeliza
tion of the World," Rev. O. A. Thrower, pre-
Fiding elder. Lcs Angeles district.
Friday afternoon — 1:30: Bible studle",
"The Four Gospels," Dr. M. B. Chapman. 2 p
m. — Literary department. Third Vice President
Xoel H. Garrison presiding; selection by con
ference quartet: paper. "The Best Method of
DENIES CHARGES OF INHUMANITY
Conducting a Literary Meetine," Mrs. Marion
C. Knight of Arusa; discussion; paper, "Im
portance of Literary Work." Phil Arnold of
Coluaa; discusslorf; vocal solo, "My Mother's
Bibie," Professor J. A. Carroll; paper, "Quali
fications of a Successful Third Vice President,"
Miss Jeannette Boyng of Hollister., 3 p. m. —
Department of Junior work. Junior Superinten
dent Mrs. M. V. Healy presiding; papers and
discussions. -4 p. m. — Address (twenty min
utes). Rev. A. Adklnson.
Friday evening — 8: Song service, led
by Professor J. A. Carroll. 8:30 p. m.-^Lee
ture. "What Time Is It and Where Are We?"
by Dr. T. A. Boyer of Stockton.
Saturday, June 21, 9* a. m. : Bible studies;
question box conducted by Dr. M. B. Chapman.
9:30 a. m. — Business session; reports of officers ;
reports of committees; election of officers; mis
cellaneous. 11 a. m. — Sermon by Rev. I. F.
Betts. presiding elder, Colusa district.
Saturday afternoon — Recreation and excur
sion; ride through vineyards.
Saturday evening — 8: Literary meet- .
ing; subject. "Literature of the South," Third
Vice President Xoel H. Garrison, presiding ;
praise service, led by Professor J. A. Carroll.
(Songs by our.own authors); prayer; reading
of scripture lesson; vocal duet, "Sometime.
Somewhere," Professor J. A. Carroll and Miss
Clara Parsons: address, "Influence of the Lit
erature of the South," twenty minutes. Rev. •
J. C. Simmons, D. D., Woodland; selection by
Fresno chorus: address, "Our Southern Metho- 1
dist Authors," twenty minutes, Rev. J. E
A handsome souvenir for our visitors. This
week's Wasp. San Francisco Shriners' parade
illustrated; CO pages. All news stands. 1!5 cents.*
Officers with troops — Lieutenant J. M. Craig,
Lieutenant G. T. Bowman, Captain P. W. Da
vidson, lieutenant E. H. Asncw.
Major E. B. ' Kcbertson, Captains F. L.
Palmer, P. W. Davidson; Lieutenants G. T.
Bowman. J. M. Craig, E. H. Agnev.; L. L.
Williamson, G. E. Bucker; Contract Surgeons
Or J Fannincr, W. E. Parkman; Major L W
T. Waller. U. S. M. C: Captains ot Marines R.
N. Gilson. D. D. Porter, K. H. Dunlap; Lieu
tenants of Marines J. H. A. Day, L. McC. Lit
tle, W. W. Low; Assistant Paymaster U. S. N
J. R. Sandford, Mrs. G. T. Bowman, Mrs. W.
E. Parkman. Mrs. F. W. Filter, Miss M. AI
drich. Mrs. R. M. Poulln, Miss A. Bryan, Miss
L. Bryan. George Turner and wife, E. Morse,
Mrs. E. Morse, D. V. Jordan, L. Matnard, A.
J BelJ, E. Burke, P. F. Greenwalt, A. K. Glf
tord, Mrs. F. Schiller.
The cabin passengers were:
/The Warren left Manila May - 14 and
came by way of Nagasaki. She started
originally May 4, but on account of an
outbreak of cholera on board was obliged
to return and remain in quarantine until
May 14. There were two deaths from
cholera. Frank Williams, a private be
longing to Company C of the Twenty
fifth Infantry, died May 4, and on May 8
Sergeant Carl F. Peters of Company I,
Nineteenth Infantry, succumbelrto the
disease.
Fifteen enljsted men belonging to the
navy were taken aboard at Nagasaki,
and among the enlisted men from Manila
were 298 United States marines. There
were forty-six passengers in the cabin,
and in the steerage 1015. Fine weather
was encountered all the way across and
the trip was uneventful.
Thirty-five members of Company I of
the famous Ninth Infantry were among
the homecoming warriors.
F. J. Barrow, ex-captain In the quar
termaster's department, was one of three
military prisoners on the transport. Bar
row was implicated in a bacon swindle,
and has served about a year of the five
year sentence pronounced by the court
martial that found him guilty. Barrow
will be released in 'a few days, the deci
sion in the Deming court-martial being
applicable also to his case.
The Warren brought 1000 passengers and
the remains of forty-two dead soldiers
and one dead civilian. The dead civilian
was 11. C. Meacham, a former sanitary
inspector at Manila. He died, it is said,
from overwork. Meacham' s mother, for
whom he had sent to keep house for him,
reached Manila on the Buford to find her
Bon dead. . . .
Major Waller. was accompanied around
the city yesterday by Captain E. D. Por
ter, senior captain of his battalion of ma
rines.
WAHBEIT BBINGS SOUXTER DEAD
"The army and the marine corps are
on the most friendly terms. No, I have
not been made a target for, censure. I am
a brevetted lieutenant colonel, and have
already been recommended by General
Smith to be raised to. the rank of colonel.
There is not to my knowledge any un
friendly feeling between the two branches
oi the service."
"No, I never resorted to the water cure.
I never saw it used on the island of Sa
mar. I have only heard of the treatment.
the entire Philippine group. Why, they
are always fighting among themselves,
and they would sooner shoulder an old
musket, take to the jungles and fight and
steal than work. ¦
THE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 13,/ 1902.
Sunday, June 22—9:30 a.'m., Sunday school;
singing led by Professor J. A. Carroll; visitors'
class taught by Dr. M. B. Chapman; 11 a. m..
sermon. Rev. J. E. Moore; 6:30 p. m., Epworth
League; devotional service, led by First Vice
President C R. Wickes; 8 p. m., sermon. Dr.
M. B. Chapman: "Unbroken Circle;" "Blest
Moore, presiding: elder San Francisco district;
selections by Fresno chorus and quartot, twenty
minutes; address, "Tlie Negro in" Literature,"
twenty minutes, .Rev. E. J. Harper, San Fran
cisco; "America."
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
T5TJTTCTT17C' FOR barbers, bak-
DAUuiillu ers. bootblack.-, batb-
-w~---.**-n^ hotJses billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, toundrles. laundrle?. paper-
hanger*. printers, painters, shoe factories.
» tablemen, tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
liL'CHANAN BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
/^ i "¦ ar •¦¦v 5 eCs# Cbtlru. Etovea. Etc
/ A ra/u > ¦ Tenls " OJ Kent and lor Sale
S /% I«B B^ °' JQ -' H'Ct-s. Fishing Tackle
1 i LM J f a ar '& Sporting Goods. Send
V/ijULlA*. for Catalogue. SHREVE &'
BAHEER CO.. 739 Ma.rktt
«.. and Cll Kuu ay st.
IA/. T. HESS,
K0TAHT PCBLIC ASO ATT0EHET-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claus Epreckels Bids
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence. 821 California 6t. f below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
- - ¦ |
To-day we place on sale : another 'lot of sailor suits at the extremely low-
price of $2.00. They xome in. neat,-, summery .patterns and good, durable ma-
terials. The assortment is . so varied that no matter what your taste is in mixed '
patterns we shall be able to please you. -
The suits are made by us in our own workshops and in buying direct from
us, the makers, you save fully twenty-five per cent, in addition to what you
save, as this is a special sale .and the suits are sold even below our usual low
price. We doubt if you can duplicate -values like these under $5.00. Come early
while the assortment is extensive. The ages are from 3 to 12 years.
Imported Mexican straw hats for boys, ladies and children, good for outing I
prices, 15c, 25c and 75c. ../
To-day, to-morrow or. whenever you are ready to buy 'a new suit, remem-
ber there are many advantages in buying your clothes here :
1. Every garment is union-made and bears the label.
2. Our clothing is alPpersonally guaranteed. ;
3 If dissatisfied, a customer can have his money back; or we will make
exchanges or alterations. * /
4. The making of .the clothes is done by. us in our own workshops and you
buy direct from the makers at a big saving. §g|
V r;. The stock is enormous— it practically contains everything known to •
clothing.
6. There is sa isfaction in knowing that, you are sure of your money's
worth, either in tne merchandise or in the protection that go§s. with it.
We.sella ready-tc-wear suit: at $9" that, apreals to many men. If you
Hke a stylish, good fitting, neat appearing and at the same time a low-priced suit. 1
ours at;#9 will interest you. -They come in blue serges and mixed tweeds and
Me-'s striped worsted trousers, various patterns, regular $2 50 value, on
sale at $1.95.-; ,',
Write for. our nq\v j£^ ~) |[ i!\ 8^T\k 4T^ W^L txA i^"^T\i Out-of-town orders
illustrated catalogue, *fe& *#%!* WW 1 ill il H Al H El II ed f ° r menS Or
•"Attire for •"•-- — J \- I *^^&- -\*^ &>*$ Atl/ « W boys' clothing, f uraish-
'-/•; j 718 Market Street
ISHOKERS
1 1 Hereford's Acid Phosphate
U relieves depression, nausea,
jj nervousness, Tvakefulness and
fa other ill effects from excessive
j smoking. It counteracts the
{a irritation caused by absorp-
|| tion of nicotine, and induces
i restful sleep. It is a splen-
3 did nerve tonic and system
jj strengthener, increasing ca-
I pacity for bard work. Insist
I on having
Hor^rfbrd 9^
I Acid
[] Phosphate
\ ] BanSorft '« ttw *b wrtrj GEM' IKE fftel»8lHouse and Golden Gate Park.
Under the chaperbnage of the officers
and members of Islam Temple, five hun^
dred of the visiting Mystic Shriners made
a pilgrimage yesterday morning to the
Cliff House, the ocean beach and Golden
Gate Park. Although the' morning was
rather gloomy and an immense fog bank
overhung the ocean ' and obscured the
beauties of the Golden Gate, the Nobles
and their ladies had an enjoyable time
and were delighted with what they saw.
After almost a. .week; of -continual festiv
lies, a trip through the bracing air to the
ocean proved a very refreshing diversion.
The caravan started from the Palace
Hotel at 10 o'clock. It was under the su
pervision, of Noble Thomas Morton, treas
urer of Islam Temple, and he proved him
self an' able, chaperon. The cavalcade
wended its '< way through many of the
principal . strets of the city, affording the
visitors- an oportunity to view some of
the stately mansions en route. ¦ •
When the caravan reached the Cliff
House the visitors passed a pleasant hour
in walking along the sea shore or in vis
iting Sutro Baths, where are the remains
of old Ben Butler, the leviathan who used
to rule supreme over . the - seals at Seal
Rock. Most of the visitors had never be
fore seen a seal, and the Immense size of
Old Ben somewhat astonished them.
At the Cliff House Islam Temple had
Five Hundred Shriners Visit Cliff
PILGRIMAGE TO BEACH.
Washington, D. C; Benjamin F. Thomas
of Tangier Temple, Omaha.
The large crowd was admirably handle'd
by the railway people. Two trains of ten
coaches each were utilized in transport
ing the Shriners and public generally to
and from the Oakland mole.
Al Malaikah Temple, Los Angeles — Captain,
P. W. Weidner; first lieutenant, Robert wan
kowski; second lieutenant, W. W. Lovett;
team — George A. Fitch. W. H. Booth, A. W.
Murray. W. P. Jeffries, A. C. Brode, W. C.
Brode. J. A. Kingsley, C. M. Burr. Leo V.
Young-worth. George S. Porter, F. M. Parker,
Charles L. Logan, W. J. Bleisner, O. C. Mor
gan, W. R. Arnold, Dave Permar, B. H. Dyer,
J/.H. Nightingale. H. M. Elchelberger, E. H.
iJagby. J. C. Talmag-e. •
Zuhrah Temple, Minneapolis — Captain Shuey;
Corporal Jacobyi te^m — Moore, Hall, Falconer,
Owre, Payne, Ostnan, Warren, Hartley,. Ben
nett, Berman, Clark, Dever, Plaum, Deutsch.
MOVES ARE CHEERED.
The first team to drill was Moolah. Its
appearance- -was. excellent, _-but_unfortu
nately one or two minor breaks in the
beginning, marred the perfect success of
the, maneuvering which . subsequently
roused the grand stand to a hig_h pitch of
enthusiasm. With this team, as with the
others, the echelon movements were ex
ecuted, these including- 'Stars, passion and
St. Andrew crosses,, triangles and wheel
ing. The Denver team followed with a
series of moves which captured the spec
tators. The men made a fine appearance,
and- their double wheeling was perfect aa
to precision. The men formed the cres
cent in splendid style 2nd -were heartily
cheered. • - . - ., •
The Aladdin team showed up in . good
form, their wheeling being especially
fine. When they gave the Shriner salaam
and fell upon their knees in -perfect uni
son the grand stand was fairly lifted
from Its foundations. The Zuhrah team
followed with an exhibition drill and for
fifteen- minutes they held the close atten
tion of the vast gathering. Al Malaikah
camo next with a series of wonderful
moves, which showed the effect of per
fect training. The drill was closed by Ar
arat In excellent style. .<; :
The judges who offidate'd were Charles
A. Benedict of Mecca Temple, New York;
George H. Walker of Almes Temple,
Competing Teams Maneuver in Excellent
Style arid Win Great Applause From the
Multitude for Their Precision and Skill
PRIZES ARE AWARDED.
The Arab patrol of El . Jebel . Temple of
prepared a luncheon for the guests, who,
after their long trip, were thoroughly
ready to enjoy the repast. .¦• After the
luncheon several appropriate toasts- !were
responded to. George F. Neil, chairman
of the executive committee, acted c, as
toastmaster, and he was ably assisted by
Charles H. . Murphy. The return was
made through Golden Gate Park. '
SCENES OF ARAB DRILL. AND,/
I^OVING CUP COMPETED
FOR. • ..;..
Prizes Are /Awarded
to the Victorious
Teams at Pavilion
Private McGulloch of the Guards Re
serves, an Irishman of 6 feet 10% Inches,
is now the tallest man in the British
army. . - /
, James j F. Wheelock, who was con-'
demned to death : for the murder of Mrs.
Kmlly Martin, 69 years of age, near Ore-'
ville,-/ Butte County, ' 'on ; the . night - of
March | 3, , 1901, .will pay the . penalty - for
his crime on the ; scaffold within Jthe walls'
of: the/State Prison at San vQuen tin •- at
9:30 this morning. ¦ .
The details and evidence connected with
Five counties that have not been hem
tctore affiliated with the State Board of
Trade fcave concluded to utilize the fa
cilities afforded by the board to exhibit
their products and distribute their liter
ature. These are the counties of Lake,
Tehama, Stanislaus, Sutter : and San
BfcKitO. '
Five Counties Affiliate.
Lloyd "Nutter, 6 years of age, son of
Ira J. Nutter, residing at 383 Linden ave
nue, was horribly mangled and instant
ly killed by . a heavy truck at the corner
of Gough and Oak streets yesterday . aft
ernoon. The child was attempting to
jump on board the vehicle, but stumbled
and fell to the ground. One of the rear
wheels passed over his head, crushing
It to a pulp. The driver, F.< Goyette,' was
WHEELOCK MUST
SUFFER DEATH
CHILD CRUSHED
BY HEAVY TRUCK
Judge Sloss decided yesterday that Mrs.
Mary Murphy, widow of Police Officer Jo
seph F. Murphy, who died In 1900, was
not entitled to a pension. - She | sued the
Board of Police Commissioners,- claiming
that her husband's death was due to an
injury received in the discharge of his du
ties. It was shown, however, that Mur
phy died of consumption.
Not Entitled to Pension.
The little body was taken to the Morgue
by. Deputies Fenneli and Murphy. An In
quest will ba held. . ; .
¦ Goyette, who' was driving for poane. &¦
Co., was driving along Gough street with
one heavy.truck, drawing, another. Young
Nutter rode a considerable distance qn the
rear truck. When Oak street was reach
ed, the lad jumped off the. end of the ve-,
hicle and ran around to the side, .at
tempting to board . it again. The driver
was not aware that the accldentha'd hap
pened until somebody shouted to ?; him
from , the" sidewalk. ,
charged with manslaughter, but' his-ar
rest was only a formality ' required 'by
law, as ; he is held blameless' by the "po
lice. '> '..: <¦•:. '•', ¦¦¦ , .•¦ '. . ' . ¦:,•%•¦•''¦¦
Wheelock was arrested, being at once
suspected, and after a long trial was con
victed- of murder in the first degree. So
intense was the feeling against him that
threats to drag him. from the jail and
lynch • him were, frequently heard
He appealed to the Supreme Court and
on April 1 of this year he - was notified
that while his appeal had been lodged
briefs in the case had; not been filed and
the requested -review could not be
granted.. . ¦ .
The man has all along protested that he
was innocent, and has ' looked for the
assistance of his family, "the members of
which are said to be in affluent circum
stances in New York.
the finding of the body of Mrs. Martin
showed that she had come to her death
at the hands of a fiend,', the' immediate
cause of death being a fierce blow on
the head. ;
Drill Teams Are Entertained.
The' members of Al Malaikah drill team,
of. Los Angeles last night issued a state
ment to the effect that they did not drill
The Shriner "wishbone" excursion
arpund the*- bay., will . leave the foot of
Market street at 8:30 o'clock this morn
ing. A large number of tickets have been
Issued, , an,d • it is believed that two ox
three trains will be required to transport
the Shriners and their friends.
The Masons' Home at Decoto will be in
spected," after which the party will go to
San Jose, where a stop of two hours will
be made. The ; visitors will be driven
about the . city and luncheon will be
served. The party will be entertained at
Stanford University by the co-eds and the
college, buildings will be Inspected. An or
gan recital in the chapel by Organist
Brooke will be one of the main features
of the trip to Palo Alto. The excu rsion
ists will return to the city about 4 p.m.
The** will be a ball at the Pavilion thi3
evening.
Jose and Stanford To-Day.
Larga Party "Will Make Trip to San.
EXCUItSION OF SHBINERS.
When the band opened the programme
with the overture "William Tell" not a
seat was vacant in^the immense hall. Is-
-After; awarding the prizes to the four
winners Charles L. Field announced • that
Islam Temple had decided to give trophies
to Al Malaikah Patrol of Los. Angeles and
to Zuhrah Patrol of Minneapolis, Minn.,
as a testimonial to the excellent discipline
which these teams- displayed in the
drill. Al ¦ Malaikah was given a hand
seme loving cup, and Zuhrah a pic
ture of the California big trees,,' that the
Snriners might carry back to their homes
in Minnesota . a memory of tlfte .-; State's
wonderful , resources. — After; the award
of the prizes El Jebel 'and Ararat patrols
gave . exhibition drills,: which were en
joyed by the spectators. ;
Denver is the winner of the com
petitive drill , which was held .yes
terday afternoon at Oakland. Such
was the decision announced- . by the
three 'judges last night at , the : con
cert in Mechanics' Pavilion.'. The decision,
judging' from the acclaim with which it
was received, was evidently a popular
one. The judges awarded the second prize
to Aladdin Patrol of Columbus, .Ohio;
third prize to Moolah Patrol of St. Louis.
Mo., and fourth prize to Ararat Patrol of
Kansas City, Mo. ¦ *> • ..;'-.
| After announcing the names of the win
ners the judges requested, each patrol to
present themselves f before ; the judges'
stand in order that" : the k prizes -. might
be distributed. ¦ El Jebel received, - as first
prize, a magnificent, picture of the Calf
fcrnia big trees and also a loving cup.
El' Jebel Temple came to this city headed
by its own band, and during its stay here
has won considerable popularity. When
the El Jebel Patrol marched up | to re
ceive its reward it was given a round of
hearty, applause. The other prizes con
sisted of loving cups and smaller, pictures
of ; the big trees. . . . . , • . .*¦-•¦•
lam Patrol executed a number of maneu
vers in a manner that evoked hearty ap
plause. At the conclusion of the distribu
tion of prizes and the drilling the various
patrols. were given a reception in* the art
gallery by the members of Islam Patrol,
assisted by the following ladies: Mrs.
Colonel William Edwards, Mrs. Major
Filmer, Mrs. - John Tonningsen, Mrs.
George W. Wlttman, Miss Carrie F.
Bauer, Mrs. - A. J. de Lamare, Mra.
Sm5th, Mrs. Andrew Turpin, Mrs. Hum
phreys, Mrs. George Ldebold, Mrs. Rob
ert Ash and Mrs. Dr. Edgar Bryant. !
Full particulars and complete data both aa to
the agricultural and oil value oX the land ¦».
well as the United States Government* reports.'
the State Mining Bureau's book, on these oil
districts, and the opinions of the best oil ex
perts in the State, maps and other data, most
comurehensive and complete, concerning thte
country, destined to be the greatest, heaviest
and earliest producer of our agricultural val
leys, and the most famous of our oil fields.
THE REASONS FOR SELLING are. briefly,
that the holdings are too much for one — that
there la plenty . for two. . - • •
. THE REASONS FOR • PURCHASING are.
that here Ms, combined all the opportunities of
acquiring a great fortune by mere rise in valua
coupled with the safeguard. of land ownership.
It is always there- Water makes It worth in.
the fifties and hundreds per acre; oil tar the
hundreds and -.thousands per acre. .Both water
and oil are" assured and the acreage Is by tha
square mile. - Call or address. , .
FRED WOODWORTH, Attorney and Coun
selor at Law, , Offices 43-44, Klf th Floor, Mills
Building, San Francisco, California- . •
All of these lands are just south from th«
Indlo settlements, altogether watered by arte
sian wells, and already famous for the earliest
production of grapes and melons of superior
quality and unprecedented yield, so welt
as for its date palms and the more
ordinary farm and garden growths.
They are also Immediately north ot - the
GREAT IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTS, whiclx
are watered by the largest irrigation system la
the United States, taking from the never-fail
ing Colorado, at Hanlon's, below, Yuma, the
richest silt-carrying flow of water in tha
world.
Sixteen square miles of this remarkable acre
age Is a level plain of the deepest and richest
of silt deposit soil, far below the level of tha
sea, with a double source of irrlsation, being
both below the Colorado and within this ample
artesian belt. ' It will produce the best of all
-varieties of fruits, the cereals, sorghum, millet,
and la one of the finest known, alfalfa fields,
capable of an annual yield of 12 tons to the»
acre of a selling value of |5 per ton, and tha
climate, although warm, la unexcelled.
The Imperial Settlements have demonstrated
that crops will yield the farmer $60 per acra
annually, and the Indio Settlements $130 i>er
acre as a year's crop In melons. Indio ts a,
beautiful and growing town, and Imperial, not
three years old,' is taking pn the first appear
ances of the coming Fresno of the valley, hav
ing a National bank, ample street ways and
substantial buildinss. -
Of these sixteen square miles, the six most
westerly, together with the other two, of " the
total (eighteen, to-wit: eight in number, "are
within the best acreage of the oil fields, and
three oil wells, of the. five oil wells drilling,
have oil, proving this country to be second to
none In the State as prospective oil territory,
and the quality of the- oil shows- it to be the
equal If not the superior of the Ventura and
New-hall oils, and the immense thickness of the
strata and" Its extent demonstrate its Intrinsld
character as an oil field.
Your pick of every other square mile of my
entire holding of eighteen square miles of land
in Coalhlla Valley, San Diego County, Califor
nia, near and also across the valley from.
Flowing Wells, seventy miles northwest oC
Yuma on the Southern Pacinc, for $16,000; be
ing exactly a square league of land, or 57tiO
acres at less than ?3 per acre— all of it agri
cultural; half of it oil.
Agricultural and Valuable
Oil Lands for Sale.
A Vast Acreage of Most Productivai
EltJebel- of Denver Captures ' First Prize,
Aladdin of Columbus Second, Moolah of St.
Louis Third, Ararat of Kansas City Fourth
FOB SALE BY THE SQUARE MILE,
Through the courtesy of President Hen
ry T. Scott of the Union Iron Works a
large number of visiting Shrinera were
given an opportunity of Inspecting the
shipbuilding works yesterday morning.
The party was conveyed to the works oa
a tug which left Mission wharf at a
o'clock. The battleship Ohio, in course o£
construction, was inspected by the Shrir—
ers, and the torpedo-boat destroyers
Preble and Paul Jones -were also visited.
The massive works were inspected, and
the ponderous machinery was viewed
with great interest. Nearly four hours*
were consumed In making the tour of in
spection. ¦•-¦•-¦
Shriners Visit Iron Works.
'. STOCKTON, June 12.— The Stockton
Chamber of ; Commerce to-day sent
Charles Field, chairman of the executive
committee of Islam Temple, an invitation
to the Mystic Shriners to come to Stock
ton after their pilgrimage at San Fran
cisco-is concluded. Should the invitation
be accepted some form of entertainment
willl be prepared for all 'who may come to
Stockton, and the visitors will be shown
the many industries of , the city.
Stockton Invites Snriners.
Moolah Temple, St. Louis — Captain, C. A.
Sinclair; first lieutenant, F. F. "VV. Krenning;
second lieutenant, H. C. N iedringrhaus ; team —
Abbott, Bahrenburg. Bender. Brock man, Baird,
Caflall, Denmston. Dixon, Orant, Haight, Hoff
man, Hausenseller, Koch, Hurtzeborn, Lynch,
Martin, Morrison, Robinson, Specht. Thompson,
Wiedeiuger, Wicke, Vv'hipple, Wyrich, "Wyleiclte,
Dodd.
El Jebel Temple, Denver — Captain. R.
Klncald: first lieutenant. George \V. Klmball;
second lieutenant. W. A. Rice; team — Charles
AV. Hatftcld. R. J. Walter, Edward Heckendorf,
E. M. £prague, W. G. Gregory, Charles Eichcl
berger, C. B. Eaton, S. E. Darby, A. F. Har
low VV. G. Burnham, John McDonough, Paul
J. Sours, W. J. N'icnoll, K. F. Sattesneld, W.
¦\V Anderson. John A. Moore, William San
ford, Irving Smith. Charles Davla, C. H. Muhl
raan, John W. Perry. W. A. Miller, D. A. Bar
ton, Charles J. Lyraer.
Aladdin Temple. Columbus, Ohio — Captain,
Wheeler C 'VVlkofl:; first lieutenant, J. Edward
Orr; second lieutenant, Frank M. Leonard;
team — C. S. M. Krumm, H. D.Westervelt, George
J Karb, O. E. Miles, A. H. Cratty, George
jirewcr Jr., F. T. Carroll, Harry Deeg, P. B.
Darling, A. W. Kiler, Ed. Gamper. J. E.
Elliott. E. S. Strang, E. J. Burkert, C. M.
Voorhees, F. A. Drake, A. C. Lowe, J. N.
Koeroer. E. H. Bentley, A. W. Dorbert, S. M.
Elliott. J. O. Cutler, O. O. Rinker, B. E. Vance,
C. H. Y.'illiard Jr., William Nicholas, Harry
Gabriel.
Ararat Arab Patrol, Kansas City — Captain,
C. H. Salinas; first lieutenant, M. J. Gelhaar;
se-cond lieutenant, R. S. Eramert; team — J. C.
Farrar, It. H. Graham. A. A. Xlcol. J. H.
Barr, Charles A. Eyles. Otto Kaeser, Karl
Schweizer, George Weston, Edward Booker,
Joseph Collins. E. L. Ragan, R. H. Carswell.
William B. Holzmark, Frank -Etter. H. Y.
Biddle, Bert Chapman, J. K. Chandler, J. H.
Jewell; George W. Musser, water attache.
PERSONNEL OF TEAMS.
The various ¦ teams escorted by Islam
patrol took the 1 o'clock boat for Oak
land and went to Seventh : and Broadway,
where- the march' to the intersectkm of
San Pablo and Telegraph avenues' was
begun. An immense crowd thronged the
liue of march. At the corner mentioned
it dozen electric cars axvaited the: coining
oT the Shriners. These were boarded and
Uic teams carried to the racetrack, where
i he crowd had in the meantime gathered.
'ihe march into the gTounds was then
C cgim with Islam Temple as the escort
in the lead. El Jebel of Denver with its
magnificent band and drum corps fol
lowed with flying colors, and it was acr
corded a reception from the grand stand
that will be talked of for months to come.
'•_ btn came Aladdin, Ararat, Moolah and
Al Malaikah, all with the regulation num
ber of men and therefore qualified to
Ctsnpeio for the prizes. The teams
marched past the grand stand into the
Letting ring, where they awaited their
turn to drill. The four competing teams
and the two which gave exhibition drills
were made up as follows:
Al Malaikah of Los Angeles also gave
an exhibition drill but owing to the lack
of a proper number in the team it was
debarred from the contest for prizes. The
men of this team are of regular stature
and they presented a magnificent appear
ance. Their work was excellent and was
cheered to the echo, the members -of other
teams joining In. the chorus with a hearty
jrood will. . . ,
The team gave an exhibition drill, how
ever, which fairly captured the crowd.
It was limited to fifteen minutes while
the other teams were given a half-hour.
The team was about to give its famous
red-umbrella drill when the bell rang, and
great disappointment was expressed there-*
at. Zuhrah captured the honors at the
competition at Kansas City last year, and
the inability of the team to compete here
has proved a bitter pill for the members
to swallow when, • according to their own
statements, they were not previously in
formed that a. specified number of men
•would be required in the team in order
to compete for a prize.
TEAMS DO GOOD WOEK
While the drill was announced to be
competitive it was not so in any sense.
No regulation drill or rules governing the
same had been agTeed upon so that each
team executed its own' moves at its own
sweet will. Each team was judged upon
its merits, but two of the patrols, were
barred from competing for prizes because
they had not the regulation number of
men. In this way the Zuhrah team from
Slinneapolis, which is a crack organiza
tion with many victories to its credit,
¦was barred from the competition because
it had only sixteen men when twenty-one
\ias the minimum number required.
begrun. The crowd was an en
thusiastic one, each team having- its root
ers "Who shouted themselves hoarse as the
maneuvers were executed. The greater
number- of the spectators were ladies,
many of them carrying: flags which they
¦waved with frantic earnestness when
wane especially difficult move evoked the
plaudits of the crowd. It was an au
dience such as may be seen at any univer
sity football game, and it lacked none of
ttje uproar and enthusiasm which make
the crowds at football games so distinc
tive above all others.
FULLY 7000 people packed the
grand stand and gTounds of the
Oakland racetrack yesterday af
ternoon when the exhibition drill
of *he Arab patrols of the various
temples of Mystic Shriners was
for a trophy at the Oakland track be
cause the team, being made up of Cali
fornians, it teas deemed advisable that
the honors of the drill should go to the
visiting teams. .
Following the drill Zuhrah and Aladdin
teams were entertained by the members
of Al Malaikah team, at the headquarters
of the latter at the Palace HoteLVThe St.
Louis and Coluxnbus ' delegations to the
council will leava for Los Angeles to
morrow. -, ¦ • - ¦ * - . > - « .- ¦ ',;-.^ -
Four Teams Compete
- for Prizes and Two
Drill for Honors
Shriners Will Visit
. San Jose and View
Stanford University
ARTISTIC DRILL OF ARAB PATROLS OF MYSTIC SHRINERS
DELIGHTS IMMENSE GATHERING AT OAKLAND RACECOURSE
4
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAy^ TONE 13, 1902.The man who achieves self-mastery has
accomplished much.
Plaintiffs averred through their father
and guardian that on October 7 last they
boarded a Pacific avenue car to return
home from Miss West's school, on Van
Ness avenue; that they presented to th«
conductor their school tickets, which h»
refused to accept, and demanded that
they should pay their fare or get off the
car. The children had no money with,
them, and had not- a passenger on the
car paid their fare for them they would
have been put off.
Justice of the Peace Long awarded
Frederica M. and Cora Otis, through their
father and guardian, James" Otis, $100
apiece yesterday in their case against tho
Sutter Street Railway Company.
Otis Children Win Suit.
A New Druggist Sundry Co.
A new firm has come into the field/ of
manufacturers' agents, "styled the Cala
roac Commercial Company, consisting of
Messrs. A. I. McKinnon and J. P. Cal
laghan. Their offices are located in the
Columbian building. Their line of agen
cies comprises druggists' sundries and
specialties. Mr. Callaghan Is a Chicagoan,
who has held a prominent position with
Redlngton & Co. for the past year. Mr.
McKinnon has for nine years been Identi
fied with the Donohoe-Kelly Banking
Company. They are well equipped for
their new enterprise, and deserve all the
success that will certainly be theirs.
LONDON. June 12. — J. P. : Morgan left Lon
don this afternoon for Venice by way, of Paris.
,'Shriners* parade '. Illustrated. . This -week's
"Wasp a souvenir for our visitors. Street scenes
in San Francisco. 25_cents at all newsdealers.*.
' . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman. b..b II . .1 0 02 ! i30
Waddell, 1. f........4 12 0 10 0
Raymer, 2b. ......... 4 1 ' 0 .0 2 ,T0
Householder, c. f..". 3 1 1 1 5 0 0
Reilly. Mb...'. ....:... 4 0 0 0 .2. 2 2
Roach, r. :t 3 2 2 2 0 0 0
LOS ANGELES
LOS ANGEL.ES, June 12.— Eddie House
holder's home run with three on. bases
was the feature of a rather slow game at
Chutes Park to-day. Cutter was , very
wild and in addition "to being hit rather
freely, he passed four men to first to keep
himself in trouble most of the time. Mc
l'artlln, who opened for the locals, stop-'
ped Doyle's liner, with his back in the sec
ond, picked it up, and assisted the base
runner out at first. McPartlln then re
tired In favor of Jones, who pitched a
good game for • the remaining seven in
nings.- The local team played good, heady
baseball. UngTaub's clever stop of Ray
mer's liner to second and the resulting un
assisted double play called for applause.
Score:; -fe, - ¦ .
Game in Los Angeles.
Timely Home Bun Enlivens a Slow
HOUSEHOLDER THE HERO.
. Joe Millett, the amateur champion
heavy-weight boxer, stopped Fred Stan
ley of - Sacramento In two rounds last
night at the San Francisco Athletic Club.
The bout was a fast one while it lasted,
each landing many stiff punches.
"Soldier" John Walton failed to appear
to box Jack Joyce. The club officials sub
stituted Bflly McDonald and Jim Le Roy
of Yolo. ¦ Le Roy looked like ,Walcott," but
did not fight like the "Barbadoes Won
der." 1 Le Roy was too slow and ungainly.
He lost on a foul to McDonald.
Jim Kane was given the decision over
"Bob" Thompson, but did not deserve it.
A draw was the worst Thompson - de
served.- Jack Co rdell was too big and
strong for Chick Callaghan. The latter's
seconds " saved him unnecessary punish
ment in the second round by throwing up
the sponge. ;->:'
Pete McGee won his first fight in twen
ty-six • attempts by defeating Frank Ca
hill, alias Ed Lewis. Cahill knew little or
nothing about the game and McGee knew
less.
Joe Kelly fell from sheer exhaustion In
the third round, of his .fight with Matt
Farrell. They fought each other to a
standstill.
Dennis Byrnes : defeated Edwin Sarti
after, four hard rounds.
Anderson, c A 0 0 13 0 0
Hanlon, lb .....3 1 1 ' 0 12 - 0 ' 0
McPartlin.p 10 0 0 0 10
Jones,, p. ............ 3 110 0 '- 2 2
Totals': 32 8 7 4 .27 12 4
SACRAMENTO. ( ' ,
. . AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, 1. f 5 0 0 0 10 0
Lawler, c. "..... 5 110 2 11
Egan, lb ...'5. 2 • 3 ' 0 ' 8 0 O
Ur.glaub, s. s. 3 0 2 13 4 1
Sheehan.Sb 5 0 0 0 1 '81
Hulen,,2b. , 6 1 2 0 2 2 1
Graham; -c ...... 2 110 4 10
Wagner,, r. f 6,1 30 1 -. 0 • 0
Cutter, p ;....4. 0 1 0 2 11
Totals'.'. ..41 6 13 1 24 12 ~JS
. SCORE BY INNINGS:
Lps Angeles .Y.V..4 0 2 10 0 1 0 •— 8
'Base hits 2 13 0 0 0 ¦ 1 0 , •— 7
Sacramento 10 0 0 2 2 0 0 1— ""«
, ¦ Base hits ......2 10 1.3310. 2— la
SUMMARY.,
Home run — Householder. Three-base • hits —
Lawler, Cutter. Two-base hlts-^-Roach. Eagan,
Ungrlaub. Graham. First base. on %rrors — Los
Angeles. 3, Sacramento . 1. 'First base on balls —
Off'McPartlin 1. Jones 2. Cutter ,6.- Left -on
bases — Ixra .Angeles 7, . Sacramento 11. Struck
out — By Jones 1, Cutter 3. Hit by pitcher — ¦_
Waddell. . Double play— Unglaub (unassisted)."
Passed ball— Anderson. . Time of game — 1:45.
Umplre-»70'Connell. ' ' ,
MILLETT DEFEATS
BOXER STANLEY
. OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Walters, c. t 6 100 2 11
Mohler. 2b * 0 1 11 6 2
Strelb, lb 5- 1 1 1.15 -.1.-0
McCreedie, r.f...... 5 2 3 0 1 0 0
Devereaux, ss * 1 2 0 I 4 1
Dunleavy, 3b. 4 1 2 0 12 0
Lohman, c 2 0 2 0 4 1 0
Gorton, 1. f * 0 1 0 10 0
Schmidt, p. ..-._4 _0 _2 _0 _0 _1 _1
Totals ........ 3T 6 14 2 27 15 5
-• SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McHale, 1. t 4 1 1 0 3 10
Nordyke, lb 6 1 1 1 10 1 0
SJtmtrart, 2b. 4 1 0 1 14 0
2?ahy, c 3 11 0 11 0
Holly, M ...5 1 3 0 4 2 0
Reilly. 3b... 4 0 0 0 2 5 1
Delmaa, c. f.. 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Glendon, p. & r. f... 3 0 0 0 2 11
Meredith, p 1-0.0 0 1 40
Kane, r. 1 1,000 0 00
Totals '. .33 5 6 2 24 19 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 10 10 0 3 0 0—5
Base hits 0 0 1 2 0 1 1 10—8
Oakland ........:.O 0 0 0 4,0 1 1 x — 6
Base hits... 0 2 0 15 2 2 2 x— 14
, SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Holly 2, Lohman 2, Schmidt.
Sacrifice hits — Lohman, McHale, Devereaux.
Glendon. First base on errors — Oakland 2, San
.Francisco 4. First base on called balls — Off
Schmidt 5, off Meredith 1. Left on bases — Oak
land . 7, San Francisco 9. Struck out — By.
Schmidt. 2.. Hit by pitcher — Lohman, Leahy.
i Double play — McHale to Leahy. Passed ball—
Lohman. Time of game— 2 hours and 5 min
utes. Umpire— McDonald.
It was baseball of high quality whicj»
the talent had to pass out yesterday at
Recreation grounds. The offering com
prised the stern stuff of many basehits
and the sterner stuff of numerous errors.
This put many men across the rubber and
kept the score hopping from one side to
the other with the grace of a full-fledged
lightning change " artist. The champs
finally settled down and played the game
in keeping with their reputation, winning
by 6 to -5. " •
The Ponies could not hit hard,, but er
rors aided 'when safe bumps were lack
ing. They had the game well to tMe good
until the fifth when Lohman gave the
high sign and Oakland, at once proceeded
to bat in four runs. The Ponies went
them one better in the seventh when
three came home on a combination of
errors and a single by Holly. It was tied
by the champions right away and one in
the eighth, on Schmidt's double and an
other by Lohman, endedthe trouble. •
Meredith was batted hard j and was re
placed by Glendon In' the seventh. Josh
Reilly :made. a phenomenal stop and a
great ¦ foul catch. - Little Mohler had . an
off day at second. McCreedie and Holly
were the main guys with the tree, each
knocking out three safe ones. The score:
Pretty See-Saw Contest
With i Result Ever in
Doubt.
On the isolated cases referred to, he
said, the treatment was not consistent
with humanity and the laws of war. He
then related from hearsay the story of
the administration of the water cure to
the vice president© of San Miguel, and
a native policeman, who described one
occasion where he had assisted in "wa
ter-curing" a native. The man's mouth,
he said, was forced open with 'a stick
and the water poured down his throat.
He said the Filipinos regarded the
kindness of the troops toward them as a
¦weakness, and became bold in conse
quence; also that the general under
standing in the army was that the
policy of General Hughes waa one
of humanity and kindness. He took is
sue with Senator Oulbertson on the sub
ject of burning villages, and declared it
to be a. military necessity.
Captain Clarke commanded the Oregon
on its famous trip around the Horn in
record-breaking time, and in the- battle
which resulted in the destruction of Cer
vera's fleet. He recently declined an in
vitation to represent 1 the United States
navy at the coronation of King Edward
because he could not afford to go./ 1 ' ,
cases the-treatment accorded. the natives
by United States soldiers was ."humane
and all that could be 1 expected or de
sired." . ¦ . .
troduced in the House a reso
lution to authorize the President to dom
inate Captain Charles B. Clarke to be
rear admiral of the senior grade on the
active list . . . . s
WASHINGTON, June 12.—Rep
resentative Foss of Illinois,
chairman of the Committee
on Naval Affairs, to-day in-
WASHINGTON, June 12. — The
House to-day adopted an
important rule for the con
sideration of the Irrigation
bill, which passed the Senate
some time ago, and devoted the day to
general debate of the measure. To-mor
row the bill will be read for amendment
under the five-minute rule. Mohdell of
Wyoming, Tongue of Oregon. Terrell of
Massachusetts and Shallenberger of Ne
braska spoke to-day in favor of the bilL
Ray, chairman of the Judiciary Commit
tee, made a long legal argument against
it. Olmstead of Pennsylvania enlivened
the proceedings with a humorous speech
In reply to Cushman's attack on the Com
mittee on Rules.
Earlier in the day Robinson of Indiana
opposed the adoption of the rule for the
consideration of the irrigation bill. He
declared that the bill would be beneficial
to the arid land States and danger
ous to all others. He criticized the action
of the Democratic Congressional Com
mittee in adopting a resolution favoring
the Irrigation- bill. He declared that the
committee was without Jurisdiction, and
had no power to bind Democratic mem
bers. The whole scheme was undemo
cratic, he asserted, and was in the inter
est of land-grant railways.
Underwood of Alabama favored tlie
adoption of the rule. He argued that the
only method of building up the arid land
States was to provide for their irrigation.
The bill would not take a dollar out of
the treasury, he said. It would only use
the proceeds from the sale of lands In
each State for the benefit of such State.
Ehafroth of Colorado also argued for
the adoption of the rule.
Newlands of Nevada also supported the
rule. The resolution was then adopted
without division.
DATES FIXED FOR
TOURNAMENT
At a meeting of San Francisco Fly
casting Club last night, which assumed
the form of a dinner, dates were an
nounced for the International tournament
to be held at Stow Lake, Golden Gate
Park.
August Sth and 9th were the days se
lected. The tournament is expected to at
tract many members, of Eastern angling
clubs. The programme at the present
time includes six events. These consist
of long distance casting with rods less
than five ounces In weight; long distance
casting with heavy rods, accuracy; ac
curacy and delicacy; lure casting- 'with
half-ounce rubber frog and team casting.
The trophy in the latter event will be
a silver loving cup. This will become the
property of the club whose team wins it.
In the other events there will be diamond
championship medals and merchandise
prizes of value.
While the representative men of the
gentle pastime are here it is purposed to
lorm a national organization. They will
also be taken on some stream where they
can enjoy good angling.
The tournament will b# the most ambi
tious of its kind ever held in the world.
Grover Cleveland was elected the first
honorary member of the club at its last
meeting. President Roosevelt found it
necessary to decline a similar honor owlnar
to his official position. Ex-President
Cleveland's letter of acceptance reads:
WESTLAND. Princeton, N. J.
March 14, 1902.
Trailer D. Mansfield Esq.— Dear Sir: I
beg to assure you and the members of the
Ksn Francisco Flycasting Club of my ap
preciation of the honor conferred upon me
toy my election to honorary membership in
the club. Though my contact with the
organization may nex-er be very close I
ehall never fail to enjoy being even nom^.
in&lly In such good company. Tc^rs very y
truly. GROVER CLEVEI^AND.
George H. Powers Jr. was elected a
member of the club.
Upon motion of Judge John Hunt the
secretary was instructed to write to Hor
ace Smyth, who* was an officer of the
club for years, conveying to ¦ Mr. Smyth,
¦who is an invalid, an expression of sym
pathy and good will. Mr. Smyth was an
sreent angler. Among those present last
night were:
W. D. Mansfield, H. Battu, John Butler, A,
M. Blad<?,-^V r . K. Brooks. A. S. Carman, I. R.
L>. Grubb, Charles Kewell, C. Klein, J. B.
JCecnfff. C. Ii. Kenniff. C. R. HIbbard, Judge
John Hunt, Charles Huyck. W. M. Joeephl, J.
Uwrenc^, F. W. Lees. H. F. Muller, J. Peltier,
Dr. Stephens. Achille Roos. W. W. Richards,
J. S. Turner, A. C. Vogelsang:, James Watt,
<i G. Young, T. W. Brotherton. Mr. Pratt,
J. X. DeWitt, R. A. Smyth, George F. Whit
ney, William PJunkett. .. ¦. f..
Bock Island Koute Excursions
Leave San Francisco every Wednesday and
Sunday, via Rio Grande and Rock Island Rall
waye. and via Lo« Ansrejes and El Paso every
Eunday and Tuesday, via Southern Pacific and
I2ock Island Railways, for Omaha, Kansas
City. Chicago and all points East. For further
information addrees Clinton Jcnes, General
Accst Rock Island Railway, C24 Market et. *
An Indiana Statesman
Opposes the Pend
ing Irrigation Plan
Favors Promotion' of
Captain Clarke of
Battleship Oregon
Edward J. Norton of Los Angeles, late
private in Company L, Eighteenth
United States Infantry, was the witness
at the afternoon session. He served
two years in the Philippine Islands army.
Answering: questions by Senator Culbert
son Norton stated that except in isolated
Evans said he had been present at
the burning of four or nve native vil
lages, and that the destruction of these
places had been due to the presence of
insurgents. The orders were to destroy
all the native huts along the coast near
the mountains for ten miles in Batan
province, so as to force the natives : to
come in, and this, he said, was done. !
Replying to '"questions by Senator Bev
eridge the witness said the orders to
troops were to treat the natives hu- 1
manely, and with the exceptions noted
their treatment had been in accord with
these instructions. The natives had not,
on the other hand, shown any apprecia
tion of this consideration. They refused
to divulge information In their posses
sion, and in many cases they subjected
the American troops to indignities. ' In
one case, he said, where two soldiers
were killed, their ears were cut off.
Mark H. Evans of Des Moines, Iowa,
formerly a sergeant of Company. F.
Thirty-second Volunteer Infantry, to-day
testified before the Senate Committee on
the Philippines concerning the adminis
tration of the water cure to Filipinos on
four different occasions during his ser
vice In the islands. He also related the
particulars of the burning of several na
tive villages. He was questioned by Sen
ators Patterson, Beveridge and McOomas.
All these events occurred, the witness
said, during the year 1900 in the province
of Batangas, island of Luzon, and in or
near the town of Orano, where his head
quarters were. Three of the cases of
water cure occurred outside the town. In
one case the cure was administered by
native scouts, and in the other by an
American soldier. The first case occurred
at a little town where there were sup
posed to be some insurgents. The scouts
picked out the suspected people, and tak
ing one of them to a nearby creek,
poured a quantity' of water into his
mouth from a canteen. The purpose in
this as in other cases was to secure a
confession. On another occasion during
an expedition to neighboring islands, the
witness said that he had an American
soldier take two suspected natives into
the water and dutlt them, holding them
under for perhaps half a minute at a
time. He secured a confession as to the
hiding of guns In one case, but none in
the other.
WASHINGTON. June 12.-Repre
sentatlve McCall of Massachu
setts to-day, presented to the
House a memorial signed by
. . Charles Francis Adams, An
drew Carnegie, Carl Schurz, Edwin Burrltt
Smith and Herbert Welsh, asking that a
Congressional committee of investigation
be appointed to go to the Philippines to
inquire Into and report upon condition ex
isting there. Carnegie's signature was
authorized by cable. The memorial is
dated at Boston and states that the sign
ers- are a committee appointed at a re
cently held meeting of persons, irrespec
tive of party, interested in the policy 'pur
sued by the United States toward the
Philippines.
Carnegie and Others
Ask Congressmen
\to Go to Islands
CHAMPIONS WIN
A CLOSE GAME
A lady who saw Miss Batley this morn
ing says she acted queerly when talking
with her. j The dead girl's father, E. L.
Bailey; who resides at Redding, has been
advised of his daughter's awful end,, and
his instructions are being awaited. " The
Coroner was notified: immediately, and is
expected here to-morrow.
It is undoubtedly a case of suicide, and
iSiOne of the most horrible deeds of self
destruction that has occurred here in
many a day. Thd unfortunate girl was
at one time an Inmate of the Napa In
sane Asylum, but the King family noted
no peculiar actions by hereof late, nor
had she seemed melancholy.
King stated that she has been visiting
his mother, Mrs. C. J. King, at Clare
mont, for some months, and had not been
seen since luncheon, but no especial anx
iety was felt until 6 o'clock to-night.
When King commenced inquiries and
heard at the Claremont store that - the
burned body of a girl had been discovered
north of the village, he immediately con
nected this clew with the disappearance
of his cousin, and his fears proved only
too true. - . . •
Collins and Ker ¦ immediately drove to
Claremont and telephoned an undertaker,
who brought the remains here, where they
remained unidentified until 7 o'clock, when
Herbert B. King, a student of Pomona
College, positively, identified the dead girl
as hia cousin, Miss Bailey, 22 years ola,
whose home is at Redding.
The- body was lying face downward.
A blue jockey, cap and a pair of , gold
rimmed glasses were lying near by. About
fifty feet away was a pail which had con
tained kerosene and spme matches." . From
this spot a burned trail could be traced
to where,-- the -body.: lay, showing that the
girl had evidently applied , a match to
her oil-saturated garments and then ran
aflame through the • chaparral.
POMONA, June 12.— With the flesh hang-
Ing . In shreds from, the chest arid arms,
the neck roasted to a crisp, , the face
burned beyond 'recognition and the hair
singed from the head, the>.body- of Miss
Phoebe Bailey was. ,. found in the sage
brush about a'riiile north of Clareniorit at
3 o'clock this afternoon by J. Ker and T.
B. Collins, two Pomona men, who were
hunting rabbits' In , the - locality.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cousin of the Girl, Who at One. Time
Was an Inmate of. an Asyluin, ' .
- Identifies the Charred
Remains.
brush by Two Rabbit -
Hunters.
Burned Body Foundr in. Sage-
Terrible Suicide of a
Young Woman Near
Pomona a: v
ENDS LIFE
IN FLAMES
OF KEROSENE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1 902.
SEEK PERSONAL INVESTIGATION
OF CONDITIONS IN PHILIPPINES
5
§ Butter Sale q k , fJ -^ Newest Novels ;?
J Friday: Only* . J&^.W'r^ - 9 ¦" on Friday $1.08. \
ja.. Another ; of our weekly sales to-day of \ : ' 7X//> Aft^H >f "* M g Mjr^< "Tbc Conqueror," by Gertrude 5*
fc' the very best Creamery Batter. - Atherton. ,
* use, as the butter market is steadily CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- M mmMI mi— m^^^^^ lem Sears. *^
\h advancing. Regular size _ _ ¦ , ¦ -,, i iiiTrTTTTr^*™^^^^^ " -Dorothy Vernon." by author o! «£
i squares to-day only .." 35 C -»^it*B»*»—^^ M ERICA'S GRANDEST STOB& "When^Kntshthood *as <J
ir .:¦¦-: . - : . .-• --/..^.v&'^v.r .-¦¦,••¦•," •-¦- : •¦¦•.•¦..¦; :; ...:... , :r t' ...:.-....,.•....-.. s
X . __ — . _ ¦ . ; . . . " ,,;. ; — ¦¦ - , — ¦ J
I : 4S^' : :-fiB^^Baii«bo.'.''ilifan«r-" Remington; Springfield and ' *
* Jlflllliliii "¦ facturers' ' ¦ ; ! ~ Winchester Rifles : :j
I mm^^'. Sample Line Ready Jo Use, sSIM?;.^/^: 5
fl "^jpA t^Hi $t \k N&tSifW&Z&t* We ** avc thoroughly cleaned, and polished •*
»' l¥- 'Iril ff/l /L ># : about 1000 of- the best- of the rifla taken - £
X' ¦ ijfl '- : i\W On .¦fiHe, .^*«. Great Powers from ' the \^fZ?^ I OffO X
*, mi M : 'fw^ l%\aooo. sample' pi«es 'of 'this' season's Samoans in- 1899, and bou 5 ht by.us '^^^-' %
& iiii/rl '¦' El'JKv mttt-choicesthigh-clissJNecfcwfatr^NoV-' 5??*-i^ a . l^. v ''. S^ Arsenal. '¦ Sny- 'J
X •¦ "I'M I PA\^ V rrfties,% comprising, RufTv- Jabots; T^ ar -"». w « think « ia «?*» " • ##^ M fL X
% W'i ' ¦-¦ ver-En- g
it liiU'-lisA' AW^'' hrS aDd Washable Neckwear. : On. P"^«ofi»nnt- F^/^^ ~ ' ' field, RjffeS X
* ¦ imfcP ¦"''¦ J^zk Sia^ e m fM ™ e KS and wi^Em 1 s^mt "^ also beea cleaacdt r 1 " *
S 19mC^^^\6Qo f .6n the Dollar -. p !w *j?S /AT ' % " \
Jf- IMW^^ 25c N e ckwear...T.. "Z'.ir,* Tf"'/ // V «d wUl be placed on sale begmiung to- .«
' E^Wf<K^' . * 60c Neckwear..;....: .». 3<» c sale b fg , a _ *t / / day, Friday, each '. . ?\ i{£» *S •§ Q X
JC Mfl^' 1 •" ---¦-.' ¦ tJSS Neckwear 45c ning to- M'/ " '. ' ' ' - ' & 'B m #O {j
* ff¥i$m\ $1.00 Neckwear....; 6Oc j_ r C / " •-•-•• • '-' • -^ » X
g 'ImWS W.25 Neckwear.'. ... .75c $3.00 NeckweaV: . *3.<>O ' '" V f ! , A fe . w , bund 5 ed ***"> Carbines,' Gou'aad Mus- g
K M«^.W-M:NickTrekr,:.....»Oc-.;,.. W ooN^W^.-.f3.« l > <>^» "^es and . descnpBons Kill remam nn- J
X W{$£0Pk $1-78 Neckwear.... »i. OB $7.50 Neckwear 84 50> <B7'' £$ Gb I C ' eaned - Many of them would made good weapo.is <%
K $2.00 Neckwear.. ;.91.2t>' '51 0.00 Neckwear ".*8«'oo * - I '? P ro P crfy cared f * r » a11 of them are suitable for dec- X
X J&9$lm' 52.50 Neckwear.. V.f 1. 50 $f2.60 Neckwear.. IstIso : - — ¦ ] TTTr'.on^S c!ub 7 rooms, dens,' etc. This lot is marked «J
|C W ," $3.00 Neckwear.... ?lj SO 515.00 Neckwear" $0*0O or tile s P ec - aI « lc > beginning to-day, at the extraordinarily £3jSJ<s '%
K ~.' . $4.00 Neckwear.. ;-.?2.4O $20.00 Neckwear.. $is!o9 !<>«¦ price, each . . ¦'. . ....¦.;.¦.. .• .."... . . X
X [There is no wash goods fabric,; at any where; near solowa pricf,* that can compare for: usefulness and Service -vnth Per- 5
E ' u S ' J W , eSe^ OnlythcbeStgr f de f Per<:a!es . '"fully 36 inches wide(whenycu read of Percale; Sa!es, be particular to *bfe' the ! width of 3«
¦J the goods.) ; To-day you can select from hundreds of pieces of the best grad: new is^c in desirable colorings, at "a living O-^ 5
X of 4^0 per yard, Friday only . .• . ..1:. ... ,.. . . C^© •*
X Colored Organdies— For sfylish evening: wear Imported Belfast: Dress and' WafsUnj Unen^Katural flax «J
* dresses 70 . nches w,de,- colors sky blue, black, nile, white, cardina',, color, in three weights, sheer, medium and heaTy,- specially low •
K corn, heliotrope, etc.; a 50c value, per yard.. ... . . . . 35c ,, priced, prr yard V :" J •..'. . . . ' . . .. 20O S
X Vhitc India Lmcn— Very; fide and sheer, 32 inches wide, Best Amrrfcan Ssersucker Ginghams— Hundreds of piecej, *%
£ and an exceptional good value at tip price, per yard . .. . . . _ co!ors fully a , a? th e fi nsst f ore^i per ,arp -J
j. ;• • • • V • • • • • • • • • - >» • 1. ..... toe -only. .:......;. . . ..... . . . . .,. too $
i;:y;;::::;.:;;..^ :^."'.:;.: : :;,.,,,.v;-. :y'r.^:::, I
$ <!ir> rS^ Men's §12, SO Suits now &7.4O. $
i c^w rfflra The Big Nl id-Summer Sale Continues. j?
X - Otassl -J^wkb^ u Q ced a summer suit you cannot ' afford to overlook thb opportunity, the best "*
X_ -^'t^^^ ! ''^\^' i !^^^ offering that we have presented in many along day; Stylishly cut sack suits, made '*
*>" A \ \\ Vv'v^V^ -Wl^ \ / rom S OO(1 cheviots, cassimeres and serges, with excellent linings; su'ts that were manu- gt* *¦» jf9 ffo %
*' l\ L lh/vHtwK-iw\ factured t0 scllat $ lo - oo f $ 12 - 5° and $ l S-°°, now marked to close at 1& M a*vW '%
•f'"/"A X // 'ivHnEwiH' s> on S P*nt« Siiitl— Forages 13 to'l 9 years: in plain biu'e arid mixtures, $6.00 and;^^: __ »J
x I Jr r '¦ . ¦ S6 ' 5 ° values; on saIc this wtck - :•¦¦•'• • • •'• •••¦'•¦•••• • .--.'. .9¥io5 J
g / *fe ' T \\ I'lllll (iw Boys' Colored Suits— For; ages 3 to 9 years, all-wool Serges and Cheviots; in pretty shades of red,: brown "J
X I SP Jv \ I Tl uluUWm an( * Un! i an< l ' n mixed effects; regular J3.50 and f+. 00 values; special to-day and 0+*% «
X Wr^/Vtti H WWL ¦ Saturday only V..:. . ....:. ... ". '. . .... ... . ./ .... ;* . . ..... .^tOO %
x Mg\^ '-¦^EfriJL. Jiygq- ) p — — — •••¦•-• _; ¦ • : — : : : o x
•f \ ¦ \ f\ 'iT \ltt \ MBf»'& S3.OO Pants, $1.69— Saturday night only, from 7 till 10:30, heavy all-wool I «J
I J ' « ,- .' f \ l|| ': "';. I good looking pants, waisu 31 to 42, lengths 30 to 35. I "2
* o — -r ¦ 6:^
x •¦•-¦•• ' - •' - ¦ • --• x
x - — - — — : : : : ; x
% California Souvenirs Souvenir Spoons Hose Supporters 5
I IS c^-SoT^ .300 AHSolid Silver. and Other Notions. |
if View Books— 33 pictures San Francisco 5Oc of our Souvenir SpoorjA are 925-1000 fine Ladies' Frilled elastic tide Hose Supporters, wirjj X
«£ California Wild Flower Books ... . . -25C silver, bright cut, hand-engraved,' gilt bow.'s. button fasteners, in an assortment ~jm •*
Jf Orange Wood Novelties, hand-painted pin cush- ' / {^^ r^S^ fvt of colors and black; Friday only; pair #^C jj
X ions,, pen wipers and paper knives, each ISC ( t^^i^^^wgVy 1 ~ t , TT1 — /^tfhfoxi Ladies* Shirt Waist Belts — la black, green, X
j^ Napkin R : ngs, Matchsafes, Blotters, Mexican X^^l^y^^^ 108^'^^! sial, tan, leather stamped in light Mexican "*
j^ Hats, each .. .....'".. . ¦ 25c *^f -\^^j^/ work, and patent leather, in graduated shapes; "«
£ Shell Goods and Kelp Novelties^ : Spoons ; w < v ; cw cf cl ;ir Ho'use or - golden each ' ' '" ' * - ' 2&O 'X
X Hand-carved Mex.can. Leather Work.. Gztc\ \ #1.00, $1.25 ™i $t.5O DrCS$ Shields- Adjustable to any waistij
j^ .All atdepartmenr store pnees. . , ; Spoons with bear or bftree groups, -and'state ©nandoff without sewing; pair ... 25c %
K •¦'. - ' ¦«. "W"-* *•¦»--,¦- i seal in handle ...-. ....$1.50 Boys* Pants and Drawers Supporters and «J
J . . LttgUOrS I O-Vajfmy :7 Witt Shriner Handle, plain gold bawl S1.5O shoulder brace that requires no buttons; fancy -J
X Imported Gin--^A.yH., bottle .' ,.^/.4ff ..Oihers at Si. 75, $2.00 and $3.00. patterns, szes * to n years; pair. . 25(2 .S
ft Zinfandel— Extra old 7SC quality, to-day 55O ;/ - ' ; \'\ „ \ , — ; — , . , . '..."..'.- ...-', ' ..-*g
'^D^Mt\^^isht^^i^. r ; toilet Articles. * He w Neckwear, 50c *
| Port br JhJrry^S*yea« old/ bottle \!\st5G 7^jj" Wc «*"««*« «"" *« sk «f cases of 5
% Keller Whisky— Very old, usually * 4 .bo gallon; '„ :,:..*,^oorted ToVt Wate r* -7*c c W,««« th e latest up-to-date styles in Men's Neck- -«
X to-day. . . . . . .... $295 V, 47 A _ Iin P? rt « To'Iet Water, 75c s:ze Slip wear, correct cop.es in, choice 6bricsofthe$
** Hermitage Whi$ky-H«nd-mkde sour 'masV 9 Hoyts German Cologne, 1 1,00 siz, . . 65c most up-to^ate |,.oo and $ 1.50 New York %
£ yeTold; to-day" bottle . .... . 78O 5f?3£t?S£T' "*¦ '1° ' "^ rich eftei. bpWds, brocade, X
i Guinness' Imported Porter-Half-pint bottle,; D^ Lambert . Skm - Soap, a S c «re, 3 cakes and figures; extra good value at . . Q J
J| dozen. . . . . . ; V . . S1.4O W hittem"«Vs *Da"nd"y Shoe Polish,* 25c Yzc13% ' ' "' ' ' * " '^T j}
i \lillian T&sseUjc Cigars] Sale of Chiffons. * Shirts, 4po. f |
I O -IP'- f"^'? 9^. Thisweekweareclosingout a Restock of |
S Pnnctpe de Gales Cigars *« b«t 5 oc and 7SC qualities of daintn y working shirts-, each. . .;. 4.00 i
$ 3 for 25C. gen's *3 Shoes $2.28 $
I [Until closing time Saturday^ 8 ,«., gg f^.t'^ K S'?i,^ %£&[ |
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOErUM.
THE EMPOBIUM.
Ean Francisco, Friday, 13 June, 1002.
Mahbganized birch, $2.75
Here's a handsome, well-built rocker that is- really
worth a great deal more than the price we ask. Built of
birch, finished imitation mahogany with neatly uphol-.
stered seat. Suitable for the parlor or the sitting room. ..
Price $2.75. Chair to match, same price. Fourth floor.
Veronese velour— a rich, upholstery material that
has proved to be "just what was wanted" in- so many
instances. It is in a heavy raised floral pattern: and
comes in rich red, dark green, navy, blue and brown.
50 inches wide and priced at $3.00 the yard. Third floor.
A dozen new designs in weathered oak> hall seats
have put in an appearance on the seventh floor.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 t0 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden. Gate Avenue.
The Latest Vests. I
The latest crea tion in New York is velvet vests as I
we here picture. They come in black and navy blue I
with small white designs; the figures are mercer- I
ized and printed on the surface of the velvet. They S
willlast longer than embroidered figures. No de- I
scription can do the vests justice— you must see them. 1
Being manufacturers we are able to be the first in San 1
Francisco to show this latest N. Y. craze. The price I
is but iUCi CTiOk §He came to the United States five years
ago, landing first In New York, and three
years ago he came to this city and* was
engaged to present himself to a curious
public at the Chutes.
Cannon was 52 years of age; his height
was 5 feet 10% inches, circumference of
waist 96 Inches, chest 72 Inches, thigh 54
Inches, calf 30 inches.' Deceased leaves a
wife. He was an enthusiastic member of
the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
The city officials in St. Louis appear to have had
no boss of any note, but they managed to shake the
plum tree harder than anything known to New 'York
or Philadelphia,. , • .
Cleveland -is going' to be one- of the after-dinner
talkers, at the Tilden Club banquet, and it seenis like
bringing a man from innocuous desuetude to
a resumption of pernicious activity.
New York Police Judges have been punishing
men for* "disorderly conduct" time put' of mind, but
now one of the higher courts has decided that no
such, offense is known to the laws of the common
wealth.
J. Sterling Morton's Conservative died with him,
but it has. a successor in the Nebraska City Weekly
that promises to keep ¦" up the for tree
planting and good government, so all the country
will wish it success. . '''iv' :
A: |M. Berglevih, a dealer in California
wines in the Eastern markets, with head
quarters at Chicago, Is at the Palace..
Dr. W. M. Lawlor, superintendent J I of
the Home for ; Feeble* " Minded at Eld
rldge, is at the Grand.. ' ;
• C. G. Fennell, : a mlnine- man of Val
Verde, Ariz., Is registered at the Palace.
F. ,A. Dickinson, proprietor of the Ho
tel Ben Lomond, is 'a guest at the Cali
fornia. •" '..-¦ '•" :;
H. Wyttenberg, president of the Port
land Cracker Company, Is at the Grand.
T. Ham tin, a mining man of Reno, ts at
the Occidental.
F. C. White, a banker of Fresno, is at
the California. '
D. S. Rosenbaum of Stockton is a guest
at the Palace.
¦ D. D. Allison, an ; insurance man ¦ of
Fresno, is at the Lick.
. J. M. Gardner, a capitalist of Los An
geles, is registered at the Grand. ' •
D. E. Spencer, a prominent resident of
Pacific Grove, is at the California.'
PERSONAL MENTION.
It is said that Webster Davis has decided to leave
Kansas City. because some of the people said unkind
things about him, and it is therefore fair, to assume
he is going to locate in some place where no one
ever heard of him.
Peace in South Africa is ' expected ' to benefit
American trade as well as that of Great Britain. The
Transvaal will be a. better market than ever for our
goods, and our only regret will be that we will have
to thank -Kitchener for it.
There has not been a single measure before this
Congress on which the vote of either House was
divided by strict party lines, and it is either an*era
of good feeling or else there is a whole lot' of con
fusion in the minds of statesmen.
¦ > . ...
Whitelaw Reid may be posing. as the representa
tive of the United States at the coronation, but. J.
Pierpont Morgan seems to be cutting most ice with
the King. At the Choate banquet to his Majesty
Morgan was very nearly the whole thing.
The seals themselves seem to be doomed. They
will doubtless be ended long before the controversy
which has been started over them^ The report sub
mitted to Congress sets forth that the extermination
of the herd goes on rapidly, and avers that by the
wholesale slaughter of the mother seals thousands
of the young die of starvation. It costs the United
States a large sum every year to patrol the sea, and
since the patrol is not sufficient to protect the herds
the conclusion is drawn that it would be best to end
the matter by killing all the fur seals found on the
Pribyloff Islands with the exception of 1000 males
Possibly the controversy may give some employ
ment to the High Court of Nations, which (has been
idle ever since it was created. The United States,
Great Britain and Russia are too big to fight
over a few seals, and they would make a fine show
as petitioners before a court of arbitration.
There was a time, only a few years ago, when the
seal question loomed up big in the domain of inter
national politics, and the discussion of it brought
forth words, that portended war. By one means or
another the issue was evaded by diplomatists until
new issues arose to distract public attention. The
war with Spain, the war in South Africa and the
invasion of China by the powers have intervened
since' the old days of the excited Bering Sea' dis
pute, and most Americans had . forgotten all about
it or thought'it satisfactorily adjusted. It comes up
now like a ghost of the past, but it is not a ghost. . . It
is a real live question and has been alive all these
years.
RECENTLY the Ways and Means Committee
of the House of Representatives reported
favorably a bill which virtually authorizes the
killing of all seals in Alaskan waters provided no
satisfactory arrangement can be made with Great
Britain for their protection. • Since the submission
of that report it is announced that Assistant Secre
tary of State Pierce will soon sail for Europe to
present at The Hague the case of the United States
in the controversy with Russia over the seal fish
eries.
THE SEAL FISHERIES.
The disclosure that General Wood, an officer of
the United States, was using money belonging to the
Cuban Government to subsidize the New York Ex
port Association to boom the Cuban reciprocity bill
shows a curious complication of men, money and
measures. There may have been nothing wrong in
the action, but it certainly was a freak.
When; the time comes to deport the
woman the order of the Collector will
be served" on the steamship company,
and, should the 'company interpret
Judge De Haven's order as an order of
deportation and refuse to allow the wo<
n3an her liberty, a new writ of habeas
corpus will be applied, for.
The counsel 1 raised the point that In a
habeas corpus proceeding the- court could
do only one , of two things— remand the
petitioner to the custody whence taken,
or discharge the. petitioner from custody.
Judge de Haven intimated that it was
his opinion that the order he made
could be construed as a remand only, and
refused to modify the order.
In order to gain time her counsel,
George A. MacGowan, obtained a writ
of habeas corpus from United States Dis
trict Judge de. Haven* on the ground
that she was a native born citizen, of
the United States. Judge de Haven de
cided that she and her witnesses were
liars, and ordered' her remanded to the
custody of the steamship company that
brought her to this port. In the mean
time the woman's husband arrived in San
Francisco, and, the -fact being brought
to the attention of the Collector, a re
port was sent to the Secretary of the
Treasury,, who replied yesterday, in
structing the Collector to land the wo
man, she having proved that a common
law marriage existed between her and
the merchant. Mr. MacGowan went be
fore the United States District Court
yesterday and asked Judge de Haven
to' modify- his order of remand so that
the woman might be placed in the cus
tody whence she had been taken, with
out any reference to deportation.
She arrived at this port from Hong
kong last September, claiming admission
as the wife of a merchant regularly dom
iciled here. Her husband had returned
to China for the purpose of bringing her
to this country, but he was taken sick
there and sent his wife on ahead of him.
Before 'the Chinese Bureau she swore
that she was a native of China and the
wife of a merchant, entitled to be and re
main in the United States. The Coll ac
tor denied her a landing on the ground
that the intention of the law was to
enable the wife and minor children of
a domiciled merchant to join him here.
Her husband, not being in the United
States, the Collector decided that she
could not avail herself of the statute.
The Secretary of the Treasury^ notified
Customs Collector Stratton yesterday
that Chin. Tai should be allowed to land.
But because of certain legal complica
tions Chin Tai must remain at the deten
tion shed for some time yet.
The fight is interesting, but at the same time it
grows wearisome. Fifty years is a long enough time
to stand round discussing an enterprise. More years
of delay would be annoying. The people have no
prejudices in favor of or against any route. . They
wish the canal. It is therefore to be hoped that on
Thursday the vote will be decisive one way or the
other, and that when the Republican party goes be
fore the country this fall it can. point with pride to
the fulfillment of the pledge to provide for an isth
fciian canal under the control of the United States.
The report goes on to say: "The Senate con
tains eighty-eight members, of whom fifty-five may
be classed as Republicans and thirty-three Demo
crats. The Nicaragua route has to a considerable
extent been made a Democratic issue, so that its
friends are assured of nearly solid . party support,
while on the Republican side there is a considerable
division of forces. Hawley of Connecticut and Platt
of New York, both members of the Senate commit
tee, are Nicaraguanists, and while there are personal ,
circumstances in each case which seriously detract '
from the value of this judgment, their votes count.
Mitchell of Oregon is for the Nicaragua route, and
there will be some scattering support throughout
the Republican ranks for it. The decision, then, de-.
pends on whether the Republican minority, added to
nearly the entire Democratic strength, will be large
enough to, carry, the. day." .
A recent report from Washington in reviewing the
situation says the advocates of Nicaragua are by
no means so sanguine as they were before the vol
canic nature of the land along that route became the
subject of special interest. On the other hand it is
asserted that some of the supporters claimed for the
Panama route may be won over for Nicaragua be
fore the vote is taken. If the Nicaragua men can
get a majority to vote for the bill as it came from
the House their victory is won, for it is not likely the
President would veto it. Should the Panama men
win in the Senate, however, they would have an
other battle to fight in the House, so Nicaragua has
a big advantage in the contest.
The Nicaraguan bill now before the Senate was
passed by the House almost unanimously. At that
time, however, the Panama company had not made
an acceptable offer of the sale of its rights in Pan
ama. Consequently the situation then was not the
same that it is now, and it would be unfair to assume
that the House will insist upon Nicaragua or noth
ing. There are, in fact, good reasons for hoping that
the two houses will be able to agree, no matter
which route be chosen.
It is to be hoped that the vote taken on Thursday
will be decisive. The project of an isthmian canal
has been under consideration for fifty years. The
various routes have been examined again and again.
Report after report has been made upon them. All
the facts obtainable by the science of the -day are
known to Congress. Nothing remains but to strike
the balance between the opposing arguments and
decide what is to be done. It is a case in which any
action is better than no action. The growing good
of the country requires a short waterway between
our Atlantic and our Pacific coasts. The people
have repeatedly declared themselves in favor of the
immediate construction of such a waterway, and
this Congress is expected to provide for it.
ACCORDING to a programme agreed upon
the Senate will vote upon the Nicaragua
canal bill and all pending amendments next
Thursday. Neither side is confident of success. It
is known that since the volcanic eruption at Mar
tinique several of the supporters of Nicaragua have
gone over to the Panama side, but whether the
number will be large enough to carry the Panama
bill is by no means certain.
THE . CANAL BILL.
CHIN TAI MUST
STILL REMAIN
IN DETENTION
HKNRI MAURICE CANNON, known
throughout the world as the heav
est of all men, died suddenly from
heart disease at his saloon, Mar
. ket street, between Eighth and
Ninth, - yesterday morning at 4 o'clock.
Cannon had been ailing for a few days,
and on Wednesday afternoon retired to
his room at the back of his place of busi
ness.
At 3 o'clock yesterday morning his bar
tender handed him the cash returns, and
he was then able to discuss th*e business
of the night. Although ill, his death was
not expected.
Deceased weighed 613 pounds. A native
of Zurich, he was deemed there one of
the foremost athletes, and as a, wrestler
met many men in the arena. It was not
until ten years ago that he commenced
to grow to abnormal proportions, his
weight Increasing with alarming rapidity.
With it all Cannon remained- good-na
tured, and a bohemian life Was his choice.
For the purpose of mitigating the evil as far as
possible the Government has remitted the rent due
by lesse«s of crown lands and the Government rail
ways are moving stock from the barren districts at
one-half the ordinary rates. Rains are due in Aus
tralia at this season of the year, but it is said the
meteorologists do not expect them to be sufficiently
abundant to save the situation. Fortunately, Aus
tralia has but a scanty population, and while the loss
of property will 'be heavy the mortality will not be
great.
Following the lack of water there comes of course
the inevitable lack of food. Forage is scarce and
can be obtained only at enormous prices. To make
the matter worse the newly organized Federal Gov
ernment has imposed a customs duty on the importa
tion of fodder, °nd accordingly it cannot be brought
in from New Zealand at rates cheap enough to afford
relief. One of the larger cattlemen of the country
is reported to have been paying $1500 a day for food
for his stock. A good many are mixing straw with
treacle to make it- palatable and are feeding their
stock on the mixture.
One report says: "Mr. McCaughey, Australia's
sheep king, removed a million stock some months''
ago from the vicinity of Bourke to the Riverina;
less wealthy owners are driving their flocks. The
droves leave broad, close-cropped tracks, reminiscent
of the work of a gigantic scythe. The routes are
strewn with skeletons of sheep. A natural reservoir
of fifty square, yards in this district is surrounded by
heaps of bones, and the sheep7 which were too weak
to depart after drinking the water, dropped dead.
Overhead the crows and hawks are screeching threat
eningly in a sky of burnished blue. The scene is
weird and characteristic. In portions of Western
Queensland the four-year-old cattle, have never had
wet skins. A common method of "treating exhausted
horses is to slit the palate with a knife, the- animal's
own blood is swallowed, and this acts in a reviving
manner."
So^erious is the situation that British papers are
giving an unusually large amount of space to reports
from the country. The Sydney correspondent of the
London Mail estimates that within the seven dry
years the loss in livestock alone amounts to upward
of $75,000,000. Men thrown out of employment on
the stricken ranges are thronging the cities, where
no work is found for them, and the state govern
ments have been compelled to provide means for
their relief. The only sections in the whole of the
vast country that have escaped the drought are the
northern rivers district of New South Wales and por
tions of Riverina.*
• The Westminster Gazette in commenting upon the
reports from the various drought-stricken sections
says: "It is the old familiar story, only worse;
sheep, rabbits and other animals dying by thousands,
and the rivers dried up. 'And once more there is the
agitation for the colonial government to help in the
construction of more huge reservoirs and for the
extension of the employment of deep, artesian wells.-' In
Queensland they have to sink to an enormous depth,
and the water, when it gushes up, is unbearably, hot;
the cost of boring is almost five shillings a foot, and
several of the sinkings are considerably over a mile.
Nevertheless the money 1 expended has proved a valu
able investment." . .
ADVICES from Australia are to the effect that*
the seven dry years which have so distressed
the people have culminated in a drought that
amounts to a veritable disaster. The losses have
been enormous, and there is danger they will be
much larger unless abundant rains come speedily.
THE AUSTRALIAN DROUGHT.
The chief interest excited by the , selectidn 'of
Michael Henry Herbert as Embassador"~to the
United States seems to be that he married a sister
of Mrs. Cornelius Vanderbilt. The appointment
gives that ambitious young matron a new prestige in
society, and it is believed the other Vanderbilts will
have either to do kowtow to her or get out of the
country.
FRIDAY JUNE 13, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
iddreu All CoamBiiIatUni to W. S. LEAH, Mmgtr.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You "Wlih.
PCBLICAT1OJT OFFICE... Marlcet and Third. 8. F.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 SteTennon St.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Weefc
Single Copies. 5 Cents.
Tcrmi by Mall. Including Postage t
DAILY CALX. (Including Sunday), one year $«.00
DAILY CALL (incluflingr Sunday), 6 months «.O0
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 8 months 1.00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 65c
EUXDAY CALL. One Year 1.80
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Uafl subscriber! in ordering charge of address should be
particular to give both NEW AKD OLD ADDRESS In order
to lnvure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKXA.VD OFFICE: .1113 Broadway
STATEMENT OF CIRCULATION OF
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of May, 1902.
May I....— ....61,740 I May 17 ..59,710
May 2 <..G1,27O May 18 70,080
May 3... .........61,020 May 19 .59,SS0
May 4..... 71.«4O May 2O 60,170
May ». ......... .«o/fSO Slay 21 B9,SOO
May 6.. ........ ...00,300 May 22 02,220
May 7. .,?..,... 60,330 May 23 00,920
May 8..., ...... 01,470 May 24 ...59,930
May 9 00,420 May 25. 71,080
May 10..... 00,190 May 20 00,300
May 11 70,340 Btfay 27 OO,17O
May 12... ........ 00,120 May 28 00,030
May 13.. .........00,330 May 2» B9,87O
May 14. . . ...... . .C9.O2O May 3O .00,000
May 15 59,52Ot May 31 O0,500
May 10..^. G0,2GO
Total. l,915,8S0
STATE OK CALIFORNIA. J
CITY AXD COUNTY OP SAN FRANCISCO. I SS-
On this 12th flay of June. 1902.' personally appeared before
me. William T. Hess, a Notary Public in and for the city
and county afore said. W. J. Martin, who being sworn accord-
Ing to law declares that he Is the Business Manager of the
San Francisco Call, a dally newspaper published in the city
and county of San Francisco. State of California, and that
there were printed and distributed during the month of May,
1902. one million nine hundred and fifteen thousand eight hun
dred and eig-hty ri,915,SS0) copies of the eald newspaper,
which number divided by thirty-one" <the number of days of
Issue) gives an average daily circulation of 61,802 copies.
1 SEAL. | W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of June,
1802. . W. T. HESS,
Notary Public In and -for the City and County of San Fran
clsco. State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Democracy, then, is going before 'the people not
to tell them what shall be done for the good of the
country, but to find fault with the administration.
Upon not a single issue of the time has that party
or any of its leaders even so much as a helpful sug
gestion to offer. All the great plans for raising an
issue in Congress have dissolved into thin air. The
question before the country, then, is whether sup
port shall be given to a party which has established
prosperity, or to one which "views with alarm"
every action taken to provide it. Oregon has al
ready spoken on that issue, and there is no reason
to doubt that the rest of the Union will speak in the
same assured voice and return a Republican major
ity to the next House.
It seems, then, that we are" to have another cam
paign in which the opposition party will content
itself with denouncing, condemning, denying and
declaring "unconstitutional" about everything the
administration has done. To a people made prosper
ous by protection they will denounce the Dingley
tariff. In the face of financial stability established
by the gold standard they will deny that Republican
legislation has been beneficial. Heedless of the
heroism of the army they will condemn the action
of our troops in the field as if they were bands of
marauders or buccaneers. In short; they will avow'
an antagonism to everything that has been done,
but will make no declaration of an affirmative policy
upon any issue whatever.
Even the most ardent Democrats must admit that
their party has no policy to submit to % the voters
this year. '¦ Senator Gorman is reported to have told
the leaders in Congress that they could not make a
campaign on the "water cure" or win votes by at
tacking the army. Most Democrats doubtless agree
with him, but unfortunately they have no other is
sue to offer. State platforms adopted by Demo
cratic conventions thus far in the campaign have
been, notable only for what they have left unsaid.
They contain no reference to Bryan or to free sil
ver. They have ripped away the old planks of the
platform, but they "have put nothing in their places.
but would take the aggressive, as usual, and submit
the question to the people as an affirmative policy,
while the Democrats would be able to offer, nothing
but negation aad denunciation. He is quoted as
saying; "There will not be any need of the Demo-'
crats forcing the issue. As I said before, we wel
come it, and are. prepared to go before the Ameri
can people and let them decide it. In the State of
Oregon the Philippine policy was an issue in the
Congressional, elections^ and the result was that the
two Republicans elected were given a larger major
ity than their predecessors ever received. Congress
man-elect Tongue made this question the specific
issue, and distributed thousand's of copies of the
speech which I delivered in the Senate throughout
his district. I am confident that wherever this issue
is raised and properly presented, which will be the
case so far as our side is concerned, the result will
be the same, if not more pronounced than it was in
Oregon."
Senator Lodge, who has recently been on a visit
to his home, stated to a representative of the Bos
ton Herald that the Republican party would not wait
for Democrats to make an issue of the Philippines,
The change in the estimates' of the result of the
campaign is due to the failure of the Democratic
leaders to formulate an issue which, will have any
support from the independent vote. It was believed
that the cry of anti-imperialism would win over a
large number of voters who supported > McKinley
two years ago, but the Oregon election has shown
the vanity of such expectations.. In the Congres
sional districts in that State the Philippine question
was made .the chief issue of the fight, and so far
from losing anything by it the Republicans elected
their candidates/ by larger pluralities than before.
That fact, taken in connection with the defeat of the
Republican candidate for Governor, shows that how
ever divided Republicans may be on local issues they
are united on those of the nation.
DURING the past winter and early spring the
Democratic leaders were quite sanguine of
carrying the House of Representatives at the
fall elections. Of late, however, their hopes, have
begun to fade, and it is now stated. that political ex
perts at Washington predict, a' sweeping Republican
yictory.
OLD EXCHANGE
BUILDING'S FATE
IN THE BALANCE
There is a great stir among the mining
', share brokers of the city. This is due to
the fact that only two more business
days will pass before the final solution of
the fate of . the Stock Exchange building
in Pine street will be put to the test o*
votes. On Monday forenoon next the pres
ent owners of the property In Pins street
will meet in their business home to decide
1 whether they will accept an offer of $300,
000 for the exchange building or reject it.
Opinion is not unanimous on the subject,
and the deal for the property Is the themo
of continual discussion whenever brokers
meet who own seats In the exchange.
The fact that the offer of $300,000 haa
been made was mentioned some time ago.
It has taken some weeks to make the
preliminary moves leading "up to the vot
ing on this important question. The pur
pose of the exchange to sell had to be ad
vertised. The general public will ba
greatly Interested. Business in mining
shares has not been lively for a long
time, but there is the glamor of romance
about the exchange building still. While
the great mining excitements of years
ago took place in the old building on
California street, there have been days in
the newer building in which Interest was
at fever height. The deal in Consolidated
California and Virginia of a few years
ago, when the stock ran from 23 cents s*
share to $65 per share In a very short,
time, is still remembered. Business be
came so much mixed that the exchange
shut down pending an adjustment among
the brokers, several of whom failed al
most simultaneously. - .
What the exchange brokers -will do for
quarters if they decide to sell their pres
ent structure is not determined. The sup
position is that if the sale is authorized
there will be a period of two months or
so before the deal could be finally closed
up, and that would allow time for select
ing a new location for the board meet
ings. i
Novel Entertainment.
A novel entertainment will be given or»
the lawn of Mrs. Albrecht's residence,
Fruitvale, to-morrow, in aid of the Ala
meda County King's Daughters' Home for
Incurables and the Presbyterian Chineso
Girls' Rescue Home. There is to be a
chorus of thirty voices, bagpipes. Chinese.
Japanese and Persian booths. The young
ladles attending them, will be attired in
gorgeous Oriental gowns. .
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend'a."
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxe3. A nice
present for Eastern friends. 633 Market
street, Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. ,•..-.,
Ten years ago ten of every seventeen
physicians in Berlin did not earn more
than $750 a year, and only 250 earned more
than $2000. To-day the situation is even
worse.' •
t? Going to Thunder Mountain P?
The Northern Pacific Railway la the b«st.
cheapest and quickest route. From Lewlston
and SUtes, Idaho, there are rood wagon roads
to either "Warrens or Dixie, from which pointa
the trail* Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELER,
G. A., 647 Market St.. S. F. -¦< .• -.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract la the fixed stand
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. 13 the
finest, purest vanilla extract that caa be boustu.
It is not at all 'likely that the desperate -remedy
proposed will be carried *out. Some way will" doubt
less be found to arrange the international questions
without having to adopt. such an alternative.' Still it
is difficult to protect the herds, and even should the
Governments of' Great Britain, Russia and the
United States combine it is doubtful if . they could
put a stop to the cruel and wasteful slaughter. The
results thus far obtained in -the way of protection are
not encouraging, for the report says that, the seal
herd has been reduced from 4;7oo,ooo in 1874 to 224,
000 at present, and that the United States has spent
$1,441,331 since 1890 protecting the herd, over and
above all receipts for rent, etc.
and 10,000 "females, which are to be protected for the
preservation of the species in. the interest of science.
DEATH CLAIMS CANNON,
THE HEAVIEST OF MEN
THE FALL ELECTIONS.
THE '&&N-: FRANCISCO CALL, FRJD A Y, JUNE 13, 1902.
6
cddrrmei by notifying: The Call Bnstneaa Office.
Tfcla paper vrtll also be on sale at all summer
resorts and Is represented by a local agent In
all towns on. the coast.
Call subscribers contemplating: a change of
residence during- the summer months cab nave
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWR FOR THE SUMMER,
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦MflUBBB
SUNDAY CALL
DBBHBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBDBa
BBHBHBBHiasanaBSEasinBBai
BBBBBaaaannBHaanHaanaB
The Sundau Call's SDecial Cor-
resDondent Graphically Relates
His Experience Within the
Shadow of Burning Mt.
:^ Pelee.
BY C C CARLTON.
DDDBBQBQBoaaaDHaaDaaan
BBDQQBBBiaBBBBaiaBDQDBna
BHBDHHHraBBBBBaBBBBBBB
The Outing Season Is at Hand.
Illustrated Pages of Bathing Girls, Campers, the Arks and
the Inhabitants Thereof, Yachts and Their, Fair
Crews j also the Canyon Seekers.
BBBBBBBBSaBBBBBaSQIlBafl
EBBBBBBBBBBBBQQBiaazmBa
BHBHannnaEBaoHnnaannna
An American Girl's Experience as a
South African Baroness.
BBBaBBBBBBBBBDBESBOHaaa
HHBHHBnaaBaaannnnnaEna
BaaBBBBHBBBsnBnaBaDgng
t A Dau With a Minister.
BY BERTHA SMITH. .
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBa
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBa
BBaaaanBgnBgnnanaanggB • •
. - . _ , _ .
How;to Furnish the Piazza for
Summer.
EzaaBBBaBBBBBBUdBsaoanB
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBSnBnBnBB
BBBBHBgaaBBBBaannanana
The Oakland Elks, Magic Puzzles
and Human Interest Stories,
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBaaOEaDDOB
BBBBBBBBBBBBaBBBBZiaBBSaTO ARRIVE
Shriners, Get this week's Wasp; parade pic
tures; San Francisco illustrated; 60 papes.
Splendid souvenir. All news stands. 23 cents.*
The following named army officers have
been selected by General Hughes to con
stitute a general court-martial to be con
vened at the .Presidio to-morrow morn
ing: Lieutenant Colenel J. T. Van Ors
dale. Major A. C. Ducat, Captain Hers
chel Tupes and Lieutenants \V. R. Gib
son, J. M. Loud, G. E. Goodrich, F. T.
McNarney, A. L. Briggs, J. W. Lacour,
J. W. Everington, Sydney Smith, R. L.
Weeks and A. F. W. Macmanus.
• J. H.' Humphreys, Lieutenant Colonel
D. D. Wheeler, Major W. H. Baldwin
and Major C. ,A. Devol have been ap
pointed a board of officers to appraise
the value of the transport. Grant with
a view to offering it for sale to the
highest bidder. :
News in Military Circles.
Floor committee — Benjamin Bogue, Joseph
McDevitt, Thomas Greely, George Weinholz,
Lieutenant Curtln. Lieutenant • O'Day, Ser
geant Hurley, J. J. Rellly, G. Mouille.
Jig dancing committee — John Murphy, John
McNerney. P. Grady, Thomas Minahan, John
Tamony, Peter Claffy.
Games committee — Thomas Meyers. J. J.
Rellly. Joseph McDevitt, T. R. Huling. John
Tamony, Victor Goddin, Thomas Whearty, John
Murphy. Thomas Greely, Peter Claffy, John
Blythe. Martin Quirk, Thomas Minahan, Cap
tain E. O'Connor.
Dancing committee — Floor manager. Captain
Joseph Wesplear; assistant floor manager, Den
nis Clarke. • . •
Gate committee— N. Weinholz. Martin Quirk,
Captain E. O'Connor, Thomas Whearty, Thomas
Mlnahan/ Thomas Greely, Joseph Johnson,
Peter daffy, William McKeon, J. J. Rellly,
G. Mouille, John'McNerney.
Printing committee — Captain Joseph Wes
plear, Thomas Minahan, Dennis Clarke. "¦
Music committee — Dennis- Clarke. N. ;Wein
holz. Captain Joseph Wesplear.
Chairman, Rev. William Butler; vice pres
ident, T. R. Huling; treasurer. Rev. P. D.
Brady; secretary. Captain Joseph Wesplear.
Boys under 12 — B. Huling, first: W. Murphy,
second. Boys under 16 — P. McDonald, first;
J. Murphy, second. Girls under 12 — May Me
din, first; Sarah McCall, second. Girls under
16 — Emma O'Brien, first; Annie McKelln, sec
ond. Altar boys — W. Murphy, first; Paul Weln
holz, second. Cadets, Company O — Frank Ar
nold, first; G. Weinholz, second. Young ladles
— K. McMann, first; Emma O'Brien, second.
Young Ladies' Sodality — Miss Wilson, first;
Miss Jachowsky,' second. Holy Angels' Sodal
ity — Alice Barrett, first; Florence Ward, sec
ond. Boys' Sodality — B. Huling, first; T.
Whearty. second. Married ' ladles — - Mrs.
Greely, Mrs. Atkinson. Married men — J. Mls
kel. Miles Sullivan. Fat ladles— Mrs. J. Rellly.
Mrs. J. Murphy. Fat men — J. O. Dowd, L.
Taylor. Young men — Frank Cereghino, John
Murphy. Jig and reel dance — Miss Katie Led
dy. Mr. T. Mlnahan.
The* officers and committees in charge
of the outing: follow:
The annual picnic of St. John's Parish
was held yesterday at Fernbrook Park,
Niles Canyon. Two trains of nine cars
each were required to carry the merry
makers from the Oakland mole to the
park. The day was passed with dancing,
games and other sports. The affair was a
success in every respect.
The winners of the games were as fol
lows:
Makers to Fernbrook Park,
Niles Canyon. \
Two Special Trains Carry Merry
ST. JOHN'S PARISH
HOLDS ANNUAL PICNIC
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco, Cal.,
June 12, 1902. -
The Time Ball on the • tower " of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at- 8
p m., Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
NOTE) — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morping tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
dey in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth .time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United Sta.tes
Coast Survey charts.' except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO SAIL.
SAILED.
Thursday, June 12.
Stmr Pleiades, Purrlngton, Panama.
Thursday, June 12.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr American, Morrison, New York, via
Seattle and Honolulu: Williams, Dimond & Co
Stmr Enterorlse. Miller, Hilo; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Ship Shenandoah, Watte, New York; John
Rosenfeld's Sons. ..;•;•
CLEARED.
Thursday, June 12.
Stmr Lakme, Johnson, 57 hours from As
toria.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 30 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 15 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr National City, Johnson, 40 hours from
Redondo. .
Stmr Santa Rosa, -Alexander, 40 hours from
San Dle;o.
Stmr Gipsy, Swanson, 24 hours from Monte
rey.
U S stmr Warren. Barneson, 20% days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 21% days.
Bark Kalulani, Griffith, 18 days from Hono
lulu.
Bktn Tronic Bird. Jackson, 32 days from
Tahiti.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 4 hours from Point
Reyes.
RETURNED.
Thursday, June 12.
Whaling Bchr Bonanza, hence May 26 for
whaling cruise, returned on account of spring
ing a leak about 600 miles off shore.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
The ship Shenandoah was cleared yester
day for New York direat with the following
cargo: 521.627 gals wine. 1175 bbls asphalt,
3000 bdls shingles. 326 eks bark. 50 bales wool.
53 pkgs pariB green. 856 sks bone dust. C38
eks oil cake. 25 cs books. 1020 bales junk, 3027
cs canned goods.
A Cargo for New York.
The schooner Eldorado was chartered prior
to arrival for lumber from Portland to Syd
ney at o7s (Jd, with option of Melbourne at
45s or Shanghai at 37s fid. n
The British steamer Oceano. now R Port
land, loads oats there for South Africa; char
tered prior to arrival.
The barkentine Willie R. Hume, now at Re
dondo. goes to Fort Bragg to load redwood and
railroad ties for Caliao at 42s 6d.
Shipping Merchants.
The bark Alex McNeil loads piles at Seattle
for Manila; lump sum of $9500.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The revenue cutter Commodore Perry sailed
again . yesterday for Seattle. She started a
few days ago. but was obliged to return owing
to leaks caussed by the starting of the butts of
Eeveral plates.
Perry Resumes Voyage.
The Matson Navigation Company's steamship
Enterprise sailed yesterday for Hilo. She car
ried a full cargo and about twenty passengers.
Enterprise Sails.
Had Heavy Rains.
The l^rig Tropic Bird, which arrived yester
day 32 days from TabUi, reports having en
countered a succession of heavy rainstorms.
The British shiD Potterdale was added yes
terday to the reinsured list. She is out 81
days from Newcastle to Valparaiso and Is
quoted at 20 t>er cent. The rate on the French
bark Charlemagne was increased to SO per
cent.
Reinsurance Sates.
The army transport tug Slocum carried
away part of her rail yesterday through being
thrown asainst Folsom-street wharf while
taking the transport Grant Into the stream.
The damage is slight and the accident was un
avoidable.
Slocum Sustains Damages.
W. McNally," 25 Natoma street, and S. Ross,
918 Montgomery street, boys, were treated at
the Harbor Hospital yesterday for bullet
wounds and powder burns sustained while ex
perimenting with the hostile end of a toy can
non. The hospital authorities have notified the
police of the growing number of similar cases
and have asked for the general disarming of
the small boy.
Victims of Toy Cannon.
Frank Kelly, a union stevedore residing at
4U Shipley street, was attacked yesterday
morning and brutally beaten by Pat Fleming,
a non-union marine fireman, and Peter and
Jack Sheehan, union stevedores. Kelly was
knocked down and kicked on the face and
stomach. The beating was administered in the
vicinity of the PaciHc Mail dock and ha? at
tracted considerable attention owing to the
esteem In which Kelly is held by his fellows.
Tihe excuse elven by Fleming for the attack
was that Kelly had "scabbed" during the
strike. This is denied by members of the
Longshoremen's Union, to which Kelly belongs.
Charges may be preferred against Special Po
liceman Fitzserald for not interfering when
the three men had Kelly on the. ground and
were kicking him. Fitzgerald, who was in the
immediate vicinity, was notified of the occur
rence and could, it is said, have saved Kelly
tome of the serious Injury he sustained. Fitz
gerald, however, hurried away from the scene
of conflict. Kelly's Injuries were treated by
the surgeon of the -Peking. He was removed
to his home and is said to be in a serious con
dition.
Stevedore Badly Beaten.
The schooner Bonanza, which sailed May 26
for Point Barrow, returned to port yesterday
leaking. The leak was discovered when about
(500 miles from port and became so serious
that CapUin Smith decided to return. .Heavy
weather was encountered and the straining
increased the leak. All hands were kept busy
at the pumps and everybody was tired out
when the Bonanza tied up at Fremont-street
wharf. Her careo will be discharsed and the
vessel placed on the dry dock. If the damage
can be remedied easily the Bonanza .will re
sume her voyage es soon as repairs are ef
fected. If an extensive overhauling should be
necessary the whalers* supplies with which she
is loaded will be sent to Point Barrow on
another vessel.
Returns Leaking.
p*Tf-?aHE Oceanic Steamship Company's
I Sierra sailed at 7 o'clock last
I i evening for Honolulu and the anti-
UL podes. She carried a large cargo
vhich Includes many tons of flour
and grain and a big shipment of paper.
She carried a full complement^of pas
sengers, including David Starr Jordan
and the staff of assistants who will help
him in his scientific investigations in
Samoa.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Brldgett, Ventura.
'.Stmr Phoenix. Odland, Mendocino.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund, Point Arena.
Stmr American, Morrison, Seattle, Honolulu
and . New York.
Stmr Enterprise. Miller, Hilo.
Stmr National City, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Port Kenyon.
Stmr Sierra. Houdlette. Honolulu and Syd
ney. • , .
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San Diego.
Stmr Columbia, Doran. Astoria. ,
. Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
1 Stmr Mandalay, Batchelder, Bandon.
. Stmr Pleidaes, Purrlngton, Panama.
¦ U S etmr Commodore Perry, Failing, Puget
Sound.- , - ¦
Ger bark Paul Isenberg, Wlchert, Queens
town.
. Brig. Ccnsuelo, Jacobsen, Guaymas.
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, Ventura.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Point Reyes.
Seh- Serena Thayer, Hansen, Eureka.
Sc-tr Halcyon, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
SPOKEN.
TELEGRAPHIC.
May 19. lat 8 N, Ion 28 "W — Br ship John
Cooke, from Liverpool, for Oregon.
Per U S stmr Warren, from Manila, June 12
—May 2S, (Jam, lat 28 37 N, Ion 153 22 E.
exchanged signals with U S stmr Mohican (un-.
der sail), steering east.
Per bark Kalulani— June 9, bktn S G Wilder,
no position. June 4, lat 44 N, bktn Coronado,
from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
May 19, lat 8 N, Ion 28 W, Br ship John
Cooke, from Llversobl, for Oregon.
May 20, no position,- Ger ship Reinbek, from
Oregon, for Queenstcwn.
POINT LOBOS, June/12, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind SW. velocity 24 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
WHATCOM— Arrived June 12— Schr Wm
Renton, from Port Townsend.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed- June 11— Schr W
J Patterson, for Redondo; schr Defiance, for
Suva. ¦ . ! • • .
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed June 12— Schr
Resolute, for Fairhaven; sshr Robert Sarles
and schr Comet, for Port Ludlow; bktn John
Smith, from Olympia, for San Pedro.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived June. 11— Stmr
Santa Barbara, hence June ?.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 12— Stmr Edith, for
San Francisco. June 11 — Stmrs Conemaugh.
and Dirigo, for Skacway.
POINT REYES— Passed June 12, 10:20 a m
— Stmr Coqullle River, from Fort BraKsr, for
San' Pedro. . •
NEW WHATCOM— Arrived June 12— Schr
Resolute, from Guaymas.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed June 11, 8 p m—
Stmr Chehalls, for San Francisco.; stmr New
burg, for San Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed June 12— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco.
HOQUIAM — Sailed June 12. 4 p m— Stmr
Grace Dollar, for San Francisco.
NEWPORT (S)— Sailed June 12— Schr Lottie
Carson, for Eureka.
REDONDO— Sailed June 12— Stmrs Noyo and
Sequoia, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed in June 12— Br ship
Kinross, from Klhei, for Oyster Harbor.
Passed out June 12 — Stmr Conemaush, for
Nome. • ¦
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 12— Schr Sadie,
from Umpqua River; stmr Sequoia,' from Grays
Harbor; stmr Olympic, from Fairhaven.
Sailed June 1? — Stmrs Marshneld, Brooklyn
and Del Norte. for San Francisco; schr Mary
E Russ, for Eureka; schr Melancthon, for
Villapa Harbor: bktn Encore, for Columbia
River. ¦
ASTORIA— Sailed June 12— Stmr Georee'W
Elder, for San Francisco; Br stmr Cymbeline,
for Cas>e Town. *
Arrived June 12 — Bktn Tam o' Shanter, frbm
Caliao.
SAN DIEGO — Arrived June 12 — Schr Zampa,
from San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived June 11— Russ
bark Ocean, from Brisbane; schr Commerce,
from Port Ludlow. ;
EUREKA — Arrived June 12— Stmr Pomona,
hence June 11; bktn Amelia, from Honolulu.
FORT BRAGG — Sailed June 12— Stmr Pren
tiss, for San Pedro.
PORTLAND — Arrived June 12 — Stmr Oceano,
from Vladivostok: schr El Dorado, from Cal
lao; bktn Quickstep, from San Francisco.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW TORK— Cleared June 12— Stmr Re
dondo, for San t Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
USHANT— Passed June 11— Br Btmr Kin
tuck, from Seattle, for Liverpool.
CORONEL — Arrived June 11 — Stmr Shaw
rnut. from - Philadelphia,- and was to sail for
San Francisco on June 12.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 11— Br ship Glen
lui, from Oregon.
Sailed June v 11 — Br ship Indore, for San
Francisco.
HULL— Sailed June 10— Fr bark Grande
Duchesse Olga, for Portland.
SHANGHAI— Sailed June 10— Br bark Simla.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed June 11— Br ship
Matterhorn, from Hamburg, for Oregon. -'
DOVER — Passed June 11 — Br ship Peng
wern. from London, for Vancouver.
FLUSHING — Passed June 9 — Fr bark Belen,
from Antwena, for San Francisco. June 10 —
Br shiD Dunbritton, from Antwerp, for Port
Los Anrele3.
PRAWLE POINT— Passed June 10— Br bark
Solway, from Antwerp, for Port Townsend.
Movements of Steamers.
. . Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
' Francisco Bay. Published by official au
• < thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five -minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Carries a Full Complement of Passengers, Including President David
Starr Jordan and the Staff of Assistants Who Will .He
in His Scientific Investigations in the Samoan' Islands
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S
SIERRA SAILS FOR ANTIPODES
FROM SEATTLE,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights or High . and Low
THE SAN FllAXGISGO CALL, ITKIDA*:, j VSSU 13,- 1UO1S.
FRIDAY, JUNE 13.
7
Steamer. From. Due.
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma June 12
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast. June 13
Edith. Seattle June 14
Hathor Seattle June 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford June 14
Eureka Seattle June 14
Chehalls Grays Harbor June 14
Gaelic China & Japan ....June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria June 14
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Pomona Humboldt June 14
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . June 14
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 15
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 15
Eureka Humboldt ...: June 16
Eequcfia Redondo . . ". '. June l<i
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports June 16
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
Coronado.... San Pedro ...June 17
North Fork. . Humboldt June 17
Alameda Honolulu . .' June 17
Argo Eel River Ports June J.7
San Pedro Grays Harbor June 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. June 18
Leelan&w.... New York via Panama. June 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 19
Point Arena. . Point Arena | June 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 10
S. Barbara. . Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Coos Bay..?. San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hongkong Ma China & Japan June 20
Hyadt.s. ..... Honolulu June 20
Tampico Kahulut June 20
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. . June 2-3
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
* June 13.
S.Monica.. Hum bold t 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt 0 am Pier la
¦' June 14. ¦ . ¦-¦
Arctic... Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Iaqua ..Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2S
C. Nplson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier ] 2
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
June 15. . * . ;.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 10.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm PMS8
Pbmona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
¦Lakme Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 2
• June 17.
Cpronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier 2
Albion Piv.jPt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 13
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2t
Alliance.... Portland & Way... 10 am Pier 16
June 18.
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor ...12 m Pier 2
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma .»...>..
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
June 19. ¦• « ¦
Corona Newport & Way Pts . fl am Pier 11
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Jane 20.
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Hathor . .... Hamburg & Way. Pier
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
June 21.
Gaelic China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Alnmeda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
- June 22. ' , ,.•?¦; .-• ;.
Columbia.. Astoria. & Portland 11 am Pier '24
Jane 24. .
Tamplco... Honolulu & Seattle! . . k . . . Pier
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway .'& Way Ports. June 13
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway A Way Ports. June 14
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. . June 16
Dolphin..... Skagway & Way Ports.". June 18
City Topeka. . Rkngway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon..... Skagway &. Way Ports. June 20
Al-Kl ... Skagway & Way Ports.. 1 June 20
Excelsior'. . . . i Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.) June 25
Sur
Sur
i rises
i sets
on set:
(flr's
it qua:
rter) ..!!!!
.......4:47
.......7:32
.0:12 a. m.
I Time I
Time
Ft.
L W
h'w
7:10 6.T
7:54 0.8
8:34 I 5.0
0:13 5.6
9:47 5.5
|10:18 5.4
I Ft.
ITimel
Time
Ft.
H W
1.4 "eTii
L W
3.912:22
.3.9 1:10
4.0 1:55
4.1 2:30
4.2 3:20
' 4.31 4:00
I
H W
L w
Ft.
13
6:3S
L W
0:53
1:47
2:83
3:20
4:00
I 4:30,
"To"
11:26
H \V
6:55
8:10
9:14
10:10
11:00
|ll:45i
¦66
14
IB
10
17
18
19
1.81
1.3!
0.8
0.31
— 0.11
1—0.3
1.8
2.2
2.6
2.8
2.9
2.8
Sur
Sur
i rises
i sets
on set:
(flr's
it qua:
rter) ..!!!!
.......4:47
.......7:32
.0:12 a. m.
I Time I
Time
Ft.
L W
h'w
7:10 6.T
7:54 0.8
8:34 I 5.0
0:13 5.6
9:47 5.5
|10:18 5.4
I Ft.
ITimel
Time
Ft.
H W
1.4 "eTii
L W
3.912:22
.3.9 1:10
4.0 1:55
4.1 2:30
4.2 3:20
' 4.31 4:00
I
H W
L w
Ft.
13
6:3S
L W
0:53
1:47
2:83
3:20
4:00
I 4:30,
"To"
11:26
H \V
6:55
8:10
9:14
10:10
11:00
|ll:45i
¦66
14
IB
10
17
18
19
1.81
1.3!
0.8
0.31
— 0.11
1—0.3
1.8
2.2
2.6
2.8
2.9
2.8
Steamer. From. Due.
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma June 12
Pentaur Hamburg & West Coast. June 13
Edith. Seattle June 14
Hathor Seattle June 14
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford June 14
Eureka Seattle June 14
Chehalls Grays Harbor June 14
Gaelic China & Japan ....June 14
G. W. Elder. . Portland & Astoria June 14
Newburg. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor June 14
Alliance Portland & Way Ports.. June 14
Pomona Humboldt June 14
Albion River. Albion & Point Arena. . June 14
Rival Wlllapa Harbor June 15
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 15
Eureka Humboldt ...: June 16
Eequcfia Redondo . . ". '. June l<i
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports June 16
Santa Cruz.. Newport & Way Ports. June 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 16
Coronado.... San Pedro ...June 17
North Fork. . Humboldt June 17
Alameda Honolulu . .' June 17
Argo Eel River Ports June J.7
San Pedro Grays Harbor June 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. June 18
Leelan&w.... New York via Panama. June 13
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 19
Point Arena. . Point Arena | June 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 10
S. Barbara. . Seattle & Tacoma June 19
Coos Bay..?. San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hongkong Ma China & Japan June 20
Hyadt.s. ..... Honolulu June 20
Tampico Kahulut June 20
CltyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports June 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports. . June 2-3
Steamer.
From.
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails. I Pier.
* June 13.
S.Monica.. Hum bold t 4 pm Pier 2
Eureka .... Humboldt 0 am Pier la
¦' June 14. ¦ . ¦-¦
Arctic... Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Iaqua ..Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2S
C. Nplson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier ] 2
Ft. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
June 15. . * . ;.
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. 5 pm Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jane 10.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Peking China & Japan ... 1 pm PMS8
Pbmona Humboldt 1 :30 p Pier 11
¦Lakme Portland & Way... 5 pm Pier 2
• June 17.
Cpronado.. Grays Harbor ..... 6 pm Pier 2
Albion Piv.jPt. Arena & Albion 0 pm Pier 13
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2t
Alliance.... Portland & Way... 10 am Pier 16
June 18.
Rival...... Wlllapa Harbor ...12 m Pier 2
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma .»...>..
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
June 19. ¦• « ¦
Corona Newport & Way Pts . fl am Pier 11
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Jane 20.
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Hathor . .... Hamburg & Way. Pier
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
June 21.
Gaelic China & Japan .... 1 pm PMSS
Alnmeda... Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Chehalls... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
- June 22. ' , ,.•?¦; .-• ;.
Columbia.. Astoria. & Portland 11 am Pier '24
Jane 24. .
Tamplco... Honolulu & Seattle! . . k . . . Pier
Steamer.
For.
I Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway .'& Way Ports. June 13
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June 14
Cottage City. Skagway A Way Ports. June 14
City Seattle. Skagway & Way Ports. . June 16
Dolphin..... Skagway & Way Ports.". June 18
City Topeka. . Rkngway & Way Ports. June 19
Farallon..... Skagway &. Way Ports. June 20
Al-Kl ... Skagway & Way Ports.. 1 June 20
Excelsior'. . . . i Cooks Inlet & Way Pts.) June 25
OCEAN TEAVEL. ;^;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' fc^ Steamers leave San Krai*
KUc^ Cisco aa follows:
P^or Ketchikan, Juneau.
Ka»K2iMt Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
m.. June 10, 20, 25. CO, July
! E^fiftlWli 5. 10. 13. Change to com-
JtgSS-Sf^ll pany's steamers at Seattle.
/***tKBf§gBM For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townsend, Seattle, Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom —
Ham, June 15, 20, 25, 30. July 5. 10. 15.
Change at Seattle to^thls ?°]»P£2»;- •t«''«™
for Ala«ka and G. N. Ky.; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. By-: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
June 16 21, 26, July 1, 6, 11, 16.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anplea and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 0a. m.
State of California. Thursday. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. .Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (toan
Lui3 Obisoo); Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(•Coiona only).
Corona. June 10, 27, July 5^ ,13. . \
Coos Bay. » a. m., June ,15, 23, July 1, 9.
Bonlta, 9 a. m., June 3.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Hex.)-<fl0 a. m.. 7th each montft.
F01- further information obtain folder.
Right Js reserved to chance steamers or sall-
"tICKET OVFICE — * New Mont«omery
street (Palaca Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
o. /?, & w. co,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to Ml
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
IiOWEST 3rt-A.O7SIS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 12, 28. July 2, 12
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 17. 27, July 7
Steamer sails. from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt., 1 Mong'y, 3.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First' and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28, 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Thursday. July 24, 1002
SS. AMERICA. MARU <*
Saturday. August 16. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. - For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. . - '
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana da Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopoing at Mexican. Central
and South Americar%porta. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUIPA....June 30;GUATEMALA..Augr. 11
TUCAPEL July lS!PALENA......Ausr. 50
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger ofttce, 310 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
l8!lO3ll5a *% ¦ Tl.Of- ZEALAND MO SYDNEY,
V _^ DIRECT USE TO TiWITt
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
. .¦ Saturday, .June 21, 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. July 3. 10 a.m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti :
Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
1. P. SPRECKELSkBROS.ca, General Agts., 329 Maitit
Gen'IPass. Office, 643 Maim SLJ Pin U 7. Paclls st
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRANSATLA5T1QUB.
EIKECT LINK TO HAVRK-PARId.
Kalllng every Thursday, instead of <HcQ35i
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. tmBexSSi
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 82 Broadway {Hudson building), New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coaat
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Raiload Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
St. PauI.June 20. 10 am'Phlla. July &. 10 am
St. Louis. July 2. 10 am St. Paul. July 16, 10 am
REL STAIl LING.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Vaderland Jun« '2 1, noon IZeeland... July 5. noon
Kroonlnd.JUne 28, noonlFriesland. July 12, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. G.A.P.C..30 Montgom'y st.
EAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR 'U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamen GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:15 p. ra. Fan SO
cents. Telephone Main 1S0S. Landing and
of nee. pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROB. .
BAILWAY TBAVEL. -
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD. ~~"
Via Sausalito Ferry,
Commencing April 27, laui i
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND KAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, °*:*3, 8:i3, 8:30, 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. n:45, 3:lfl, 4:15. '5:15. AiM,
0:45, 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does sot
tun to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00,. »9:00, »10:00, U:00.
11:30 a. ni.. 12:30. n:30. S:30. "3:45. S:00, ai«X
7:ao, 9:45. 11:45 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCa
WEEK DAYS*-3:2p, •6:20, 7:40..8:15. •tf-Sot
11:00 a. m.. 12:23. 2:16. «3:30. 4:40, 6:S0, «u£
10:15 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:00. •8:00. 9:30. *H:00 «. m.
•12:00 m., 1:00. 2:15, '3:30, 4:13. *3:*3, 0:43!
?:«>, 10:15 p. m. ,
Trains marked (•) start from Ban Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:40. «:40. 7:43. 8:25, JHifc
11:10 a. m.. 12:38. 2:45, 3:50. 4:10. 1-.2Q, 7:lu.
10:15 i>. m. C 1
SUNDAYS— «:30. 7:65. 10:05, 11:10 a. to.
12:15, 1:20. 2:30.. 3:45. 6:00. 0:05. 7:16. 10ui
P ' m ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7M5 a. m. week days— Cazadero and waj
sUtiona.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
ttatlonj. •
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays azcaptedj—
Tomales and way stations.
• 6:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
stations. \ ¦;¦..,
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran oa
Sunday time. - . . •
• Beer stored
c^l^^^^ and maturing-
w^^^^-S) till mellowed
and ripened
into wholesomeness is "oh
lager." All Anheuser-Busch
beers are thus "lagered" until
perfect for use.
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis. U. S. A.
Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Michelob, Black 6 Tan, Faust*
Pale-Lager. Anheuser-Sfandard, F. ¦«•»>*.-* »™i~ all d Exquisite*
All orders promptly filled by
E. G. LYONS & RAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GENUINE
.sio^4USS^$iii-
Delivered to consumers in San Francisco,
Oak/and and Alameda by all coal dealers.
CHARLES R. ALLEN,
AGENT.
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUGERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
® VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. ¦ Cure lost
Manhood.' Impotency, Lost
Power. NlEht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervoua Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, gmm Varicocele or Con-
stipation, Stop fJer *3 \ M vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Effects are 7!Z r1^Z m Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote *•«« * • ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeyeloped organs. Stimulate
1 the brain and nerve centers ;.B0c a box; C for
$2 50 by mall. A written guarantee to euro or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
San Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 33
and 40 Third st.
_ ,
k visit DR. JORDAN'S great h
\ MUSEUM OF AHATOIiYl
A Q?) 1051 aAESITCT. lit. 6i47ti,S.r.C5l.i
\ JCF^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m qjM\j_^ World. W ealcnesses or any contracted u
V -ffSq Asea^e pofiltlvrly cured hy the oldcit X
® IrStga Specialist on the Coast. EsL 36 years. ©
i 4*§gf £ DR - JGROAN-DISEASES GF MEN A
\ W^tlSfon Consultation free and stiirtly private. \
A g XJfVtr ft Treatment personally or by letter. A A
i f g tf vl'j PwitfM Cure in every case undertaken. T
Aeil llin - Write for Book.Pn!I.O!illl>nY«r A
T ¦ j] \y* MJIRBMCE, MAILED FREE. ( A. V
jk Q u' valuable book for mm) - \
r DB.' JOBDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S. F. 9
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
18 A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes. 1
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents.
323 Market St.. S. P. — (Send for Circulars.)
DR.PIERCE5
6jfKI2DtE:l$
MEDICAL
FOR THE
BLOOP,LIVER.LUNGS.
$j^ WONG WOO,
IpJ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
WC X SANITARIUM. .
• JS$$^ 764-66 Clay St., S.F., Gil.
A LL DISEASES CURED
'ffWrnittM^* 1 /^'exclusively hy Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours,
0:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. rn.
romed y *or Gonorrhoea-
<fifi$g&yfr^2*8$M gleet, Spormatorrhoi*,
J@mf CURES Whitos, unnatural dis-
iSjfiSHrin 1 to & itjB. }a chargos, or any infiammi-
£vW Oa&nateed to *" tion, irritation or ulccra-
fi- ¦jg PreTont eoaution. "On of miiconn niem-
&^8T! t rFviM<! f HFMirii Pti braDCS - Non-astringent.
Vg^lNClHl.»TI.O.™ or 6ont in^lain'rappJr,
¦"'"^SBS®^ u * 8 * lm Jam *T exprew, prepaid, for
Aj^^*h ft _ -- 4@^V« «1.00, or 3 bottles, fl75.
¦ Circular sent on request.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallei
on Application. .
COAL, COKB AND PIG IRON.
T f WIF SftV *V'l 000 Battery Street,
J. L- nILOUn C WJ«. Telephone Main 1864.
FRESH AND SALT. MEATS.
li? RflYFS * fft Shipping Butchers. 101
JAo- BUICjaW Clay: Tel. Main 12»4.
~ . oils. ,-. . .' ; ;-- " ..;'
lubricating oils. leonard & elli3,
; 418 Front 6t., S. F. Phona Main 1718. .
. < ¦ PRINT INO. •
ECBUGBES; ollSaVgome^S.^.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS- JUDD CO., . /• ¦ ,
' 23 First street, San Fraaclaco.
¦^^^TOtESC^-
Market Street. Near Eighth. l>hone South 533.
To=IN i 6 ht "iV^ THIS week
1 \J iMj^i.L Mnt. Sat. and Sunday.
The Heart to Heart Play of Human Interest A
GUILTY MOTHER
A Drama of Mingled Laughter and Tears.
A Great Cast: Fanny Mclntyre. Annette
Marshall, Margaret Wyoherly. Geonrie Cooper
Agnes Itanken. Mabel Bowman. Earle Brown
.tames Corri?an. Julius McVicker Edwin T
Emery. Stanley Ross, Elmer Booth Geonre
Nicholls and George P Webster
PCIfFS EVENINGS " lo- to
ttiii ti matinees .... . : : : ; ; ; i&. i 5c . *•£
Next Week— "MY AUNT BRIDGET."
MATINEE SlTURDAT. JUNE 14.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; balcony. 10c; chil-
dren, any part except reserved 10c
A VAUDEVILLE MECCA!
Cushman, Holcombe and Curtis;
Howard Chambers; Barton and
Ashley, and the Biograph. Last
times of the Motogirl; Twin Nices;
Le Boy and Clayton; Murphy and
Slater, and Irene Franklin.
TO-NIGHT and Saturday Night,
MATINEE SATURDAY..
cctinuVnvALL NEXT WEEK
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY MILLER,
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY, In
A. W. Pinero's Comedietta in Four Acts,
TREIAWNY OF THE WELLS
Matinees Wednesday and Saturday.
Seats for Next Week Now Selling.
Prices — ?1 50. $1. ?5c. 50c. 25c.
FlSChef's Theater.
you With
have • us,
TARRIED NOBLES,
BUT HAVE YOU SEEN
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
Before roing home? If net, you have not
Oeen happy.
You have all week yet. and there Is the Sat-
arday and Sunday matinees for only 25 cents.
And any night for 25c and 50c. reserved.
One roar, one yell.
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
/VYAUDE FEALY
In Jerome K. Jerome's Clever Comedy
"MISS KOBBS."
First Time en Any Stare at
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c, 25c, 00c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c
Next Week— MAUDE FEALY and EDWARD
f. MORGAN in •ROMEO AND JULIET."
Ti\/ni i™
i V- UUhduse
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
Souvenir Toy Matinee Saturday
at 2 Sharp.
fcHRINERS: Take a trip over the Hot Sands
and eee
THE
Toy-Maker !
Filled with fun and music.
SEE THE GREAT TOY SHOP SCENE.
POPULAR PRICES 25c, 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
Same Success as Lasrt Year of This Beautiful
Racing Play.
ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
MR. JAMES MILL AND COMPANY in
DION BOUCICAULT'S GREAT RACING
PLAT,
f T I "C-ir |h ; bargain
-*¦ ¦*- 1 ¦ MATIME
T T T fT-l THURSDAYS
«J ¦ ¦ ¦ JL 25c and 50c
Sunday Evening — C. Haddon Chamber*' pow-
erful play. ''CAPTAIN SWIFT."
SEATS READY.
EVERY EVENING THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE TO-MORROW. - -
EXTRA MATINEE
THURSDAY - - JUNE 19.
Appearance of the Favorite Actress
FLORENCE ROBERTS
In David Belasco's Great Play,
7A7A
Seats Now Selling Two Weeks In Advance.
THE CHUTES
Fulton Street ar.d Tenth Avenue.
MODERN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTER-
NOON AND EVENING.,
ROMANY TRIO; HILL AND WHITAKERt
RAFFERTY AND ONSLAW; ARTHUR
LANE; MLLE. LAURELLE; THE LA-
MONTS, AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
COMING! HARVEY DOWNING.
LOOPING THE LOOP!
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY.
Admission JOc Children ,.5c
. - Phone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, 3:15
P. 31. SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
SAN FHANCISCiTvs. OAKLAND.
RECREATION PARK.
Eichth and Harrison ets.
Advance Sale of Seats. 9 Stockton st.
SUTRO BATHS/
OPEN NIGHTS.
Ot>en daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathinc from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c— CHILDREN 5c.
Btthlnc, inciuulr.s admission, 25c; children 20c.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
8H TT A 1? R Expert Accountant,
• ¦¦• * e% aV I v guarantees . a better
knowledge of bookkeeping in 8 weeks than any
college can give in 8 month*. Mail course $5,
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so-
licited. My pupils In the most responsible posi-
tlonB. 219 Parrott building, San Francisco.
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA, confers degree,
grants diplomas, college preparatory; accredited
by State University; intermediate and primary
classes for young children. Studies resumed
August £v 1002.
College of Notre Dame,
LEADING . BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE
WEST.— 24 Post St., San Francisco, Cal.
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
Write for 80-pace catalogue (free).
Palace
and
Grand
Hotels
Desirable location,
unsurpassed cuisine,
unequaled ser-
vice and modern
conveniences are the
attributes that have
made these two ho-
tels popular "with
tourists and travel-
ers who visit San
Francisco.
A special dispatch from Boston, May
5, 1900, to the New York Sun gives aa new
regulations of the Boston Board of Health
as\ to barber shops: "Mugs, shaving
brushes and razors shall be sterilized after
each separate use thereof. A separate
clean towel shall be used for each person.
Material to stop the flow of blood snail be
used only in powdered form and applied
on a towel. Powder puffs are prohibited "
Wherever Newbro's "Herpicide" Is used
for face or scalp after shaving or hair cut-
ting there is no danger, as it Is antiseptic
and kills the dandruff germ.
of All That Barbers Use on Cus-
tomers.
Board of Health Orders Sterilization
BOSTON'S BABBER BEGUL-ATIONS
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203 Central Are.,
Opens Monday, Aug. 4. For information or cata-
logue address the. principals, LYON & ROGER.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S *$§$$$»
S02 Montgomery ?t., San Francisco, Cal.
SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY MAIL AND
personally: "best teacher, best system."
821 Sutter st.— Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young men
and women. Write for announcement and
any particulars. -¦-'-¦ .
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; ¦ finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
Illustrated catalogue. 305 Larkln st.
¦ R. L. DURHAM, President.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL." .
HITCHCOCK MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
XMAS TERM WILL BEGIN AUGUST 18.
~. RAILWAY ' TRAVEL, .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at -
NAN FBAXClsCU.
. (Main Line. Foot of Market Street >
LUTt — FBOM~JCSE 1. 1903. — i»MVl
7.00a Bcnlcta, siuUuu, Klmlra sad Sacra-
mento 6-55p
7.00a Vacaville, TVinters, Kumscy... ...... 7.55P
7.30a Martinez, Sun Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Callstoga. Santa Kosa 6-25?
8.00a Davis, Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysville, Ororlilc .....v... 7-55r
3.00a Atlantic Expreas—Ogdcn and East. 8.23*
8.00a Niles, LMhrop. Stockton 725?
8.00a Nllcs, Mcndota, Uantord, Vlsalia,
Porterville 4 4B5P
8.30a Shasta Exprcsa — :i)avls, "Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), Willows,
lied Bluff, Portland 7-55?
8.30a San Jose, Llvermore. Stockton,
- lone, Sacramento, Plaeervllle,
y- * Marysville. Cnlco, Ked Bluff 4.25*
8.30a Oakdalc,Calnese,Sunorii,Tuoluaane 425f
8.00a Vallejo-; 12.25*
9.00a Lo* Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, L«throp.btockton,MerceU.
•¦¦'*•¦'¦ Kaymond.Fresuo and Lot Angeles 8. 25a
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez and Way stations 7.55P
10.00a Hsyward, Xllesand Way Sutlons.t1255P
10.00a The Ov9r!aad Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha. Chicssro 5.25r
t100p Sacmmento Rivur Steamers tii.OOr
3.00? Benlcia. Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland. Williams, Willows,
Knlchts Landing. Marysville,
Orovlile 10.53a
3.30p Hayward.NIIes and Way Stations.. 7-SSr
4.00P llartlnez.San Kamon.VaIlejo,ifa?a, _
Callstoga, Santa Kosa .". .9-25*
4.00p Xiles, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12.2aP
4.30r Hayward,XIles,SanJo8e,Llvermore t8.55v
4.30P The Owl Limited— Fresno, Talare.
Bakersfleld, Saugns for Saata
• Barbara, Los Anjelcs 8-BaA
S.OOp PortCosta,Tracy,Lathrop.Stockton 1025a
¦ B.00r Martlnex. Antioch. Stockton, Met-
ced, Raymond, Fresno '?-?5 p
t5.30r >file» Local 7 25a
600p Hayward. Niles and San Jose 7.65a
t6.00p Vsllejo 11.25a
- 6.00r Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha, St. Louis, Chicago 425r
7-OOp San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25a
t7.00* Vallejo 755r
805? Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento. Marysville. Redding.
Portland. Puce: Sound and East. 8-55 a
t9.1Qy Hayward and N'lles .til •65a
COAST LINE Oarrow Gauge).
(Foot of Mar&et Street.) i
{7.45 a Santa Cruz Excursion .- J8.06*
8.15a Newark, CentervKle. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations ' 5.50*
T2.157 Newark, Centervllle. San Jose. -fQjJS
Xew Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creel:. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.1 Sr Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos +3. 50a
»4.15p San Jose, Lo» Gatos. Santa Cruz... c350a
"^OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KRAXCISCO, Foot of Market St. (Slip 8)
— f7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 5.15 p.m.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t«:0O J8:09
tS:05 10:00 a.m. 1200 200 400 r.M.
COAST LI N E (Broad tian^ej.
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6.36a
t7.00A San Jose and Way Stations +8. CO*
//."JOa New Al'naden /4.10f
:7.15a. Monterey Excursion
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
(rl'.roy, Salinas, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.457
8.00a San Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz.
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 8.36a
11.30a SanJoae.LosGatosandWayStations t9.00A
a1.30? San Jose and Way Stations a7CC?
2.30P San Jlateo. Redwood, Pslo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Tres
PlnoS, Santa Cruz, Saltna*, Del
Monte, Monterey and PaclQc
Grove 10.45a
t3.30F San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
t4-C0r D^l Monte Express — Only stops San
Jose ..."..... t12-01*
4.33r SanJoseandPrinuipalWayStattons l-30i"
tS.OOP San Jose. Lo* Oato* and Principal
WaySMtlons ... 5.30*
5.30r SanJoscandPrlnclpalWayStatloDB 630?
!S15p San Mateo. Belmont, Redwood,
MenloPark. Palo Alto... tS.4BA
6.30p San Jose and Way Stations 7.30r
7.00f New Orleans Express— San Lnls •
Obispo, Santa Barbara* Los An-
treles. Demlnc, El Paso. New
Orleans and East 10.15a
•11-45pSan Jo»e and Way Stations imml
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. * Sunday only.
a Saturday only. c Monday only.
I Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Mark»t-Stre«t Ferry Depot.
. ; Llm'a
Local Mon& Local OvrVd
Daily Thura Dally. Pally
Lv a&n Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p tl: 45 a 7:13 p 11:15 p
" Merced .. 2:35 p 1:17 p 1:30a
"Fresno .. 4:10p 2:.35p 3:13a
" Hanford . 5:M p 3:27 p 8:05a
"••Vlsalla .. 6:33 p 5:00a
" B*kersrd 8:10 p 5:20 p 7:35*
•• Kan City I 2:31 a 8:02 a
" Chicago I 2:1S p 8:47 p
a lor morning, p tor afternoon.
9:00 a. rn. Dally Is Bakersneld Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquln Vat-
ley. Corresponding train arrives a; 3 a. m.
daily.
9:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is the
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing: Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. rn. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; .1112 Broadway.
Oakland.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN H. CD
LESSEES J
SAM FRANCISCO AN3 N0RT3 PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPAXY.
Tlbaron Fcjrry, foot oX Maiket St*
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFACIo
WEEK. DAYS— 7:30. 9:WJ. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30. 5: 10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trt»
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— Extra trips as
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:3% 3:30k
6:C0 and 8:20 p. m. ¦ «""-•' >~«.
SAN K.AFAKL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
•WEEK DAYS— «:©<>." 7:35. 7:50. »:20. 11:1»
1 a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and B:33 p. m.
BUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:«.
4:65. 5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave ( In Effect 1 Arrive
Fan Francisco! May 4. 1902. I San Francisco
Week I Sun- I Desttna- I Sun- ) Waelc
Days. I days. | # Uon. [ days. { Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ixnaclo 9:10 a 8:40%
8:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10p C;COp Kovato 6:05 p 6:20 9
7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma . 10:40 a 8:40 a
8:30 p 0:30 a and * 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 6:00 p Santa Rosa 7:55 p «:Mp
Fulton
7:30 a Windsor 10:20 *
0:00 p Bealdsburc 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservlll*
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:33 p 6:20 0
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 5:00 p| Pklah | 7:35 p| 8:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al - TVllllts t 7:33 p| 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 at GuernaTill* I 7:35 pil0;20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40a| 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma |9:10a|8:40a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 9
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30 p[ 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; a:
Geyservllle for Ekaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers and Booqevllle; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs. Kelscyrills,
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at UkUh for Vichy Springs.
Saratoga Springs.* Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*a.
Bucknell's. Eanhedrtn Heights. Hullvllle. Orr'a
Hot Sprltigs, Half-way House, Comptche, Cam?
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendocino City. Fort Brags.
Wenport, Usal ; at Willlts for Sherwood. Cahts.
Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cummings. Bell's Springs
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. Scotia aa£
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market at. Chronicle bulia-
lD H. C. WHITINO. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
nOUNT TAMALPAJS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Kerry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
Week Sun- ruy^.,.^^.^ fun- gg
Days- days. -Tmm #f tmA days. Dnys.
9:30a. 8:00 a. _u» r^nm, imm u t-o 1*1? r. 9.15a.
1:45p. 9:C0a. rT.«ri^.g uth.«i w u *u |:1»'- ?¦*>*¦
7 -30 p "1km OF TUUrils - 5 : 5o p. ,,
..'..'".'.. 2:30 r. Qp»» »»»>»>««"—*• 8:15 p. ,,,
"liTUMIf S fllttT-L«« Tiwrn *30 ». «rrt». 8w KoncUoo JJ M K •
xuui ofiM. «i iukut BTiterr ui sac&iuzo niM.^,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS,New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW TORK, July 12. — The etock" market re-
Local stocks and bonds continued neglected
on the morning session. The oil stocks were
equally listless, ,wlth a further decline in
Sterling at $1 37%@1 40.
In , the a £ ernoon California Wine was
weaker at $00 87%. Sterling Oil sold up to
Alaska Packers' Association was ex-dividend
yesterday, regular monthly of $1 per share
amounting to $48,000. wwre,
Spring Valley Water Company has "de
clared the usual monthly dividend of 42 cents
per share, payable June 20.
. The Mexican Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10 cents per share, delinquent
July 16.
The following quotations for United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from, New York by Bolton. De Ruyter *
Co.: Common stock. $23 75®24 25; preferred
$63 75@64 25; bonds. $90 50@91 50; subscrip
tions. $102 75@102 87%. • °" .7A
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, June 12—2 p. m.
¦UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid.Ask. I :-• Bid. Ask
4s qr coup..llO%lll Us qr cp(new)136 137 '
4s qr reg. .. .109^110 l3 s qr coup... — log
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91% — OakW G 5s.l03%104%
Bay CPC 5s.lOS% — Oceanic S 5s. 97%100
C C G&E 5s. 105^106%. Omnibus , 6s J27%130
Cal-st 5S....119 ¦ Pac G Im 4s 97 100
Ed^pV = 41* % i g R H«5k I
Ker&C H 6s. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s*. _ _
Geary-st 5s.. — Sac EGR 5s inoti
H C&S 5%.s.lO2 — BF & SJV 5s.l22 123
. Do 5s .... — — Sierra Cal ,«s — lieu
L Ang R 5s.ll8%119i/ t S P of A 6s '
L A LCo6s.l03V5 — - . (1909) ....113% —
Do gtd 6s. • — — (1910) .-. ; .114TZ _
Do gtd 5s. 104 •— S P .of C 6s
Oats had the exciting pit of the floor. Shorts
covered briskly early. There was a strong de
mand from commission . houses and . there was
little pressure to sell. July, new. Jumped from
39%c at the opening to 40%c. Profit-taking on
the advance was plentiful and eased the de
mand so that most of the advance 'was -lost.
There/was, .however, marked independence to
the pit. 'July closed only.'firm %c up at 39%c.
. It suited the packers' interests to-day to push
provisions prices down. Hogs were ." weaker
and the natural conditions favored a break after
a little dip at the opening, the packers tookup
the offerings and again advanced prices. .There
were a few shorts ¦ in ribs who covered . and
caused an upturn, but after that was over the
Corn was dull but firm all day. Prices ad
vanced at the opening, . but when wheat lost
some of its strength corn eased and July closed
steady %c higher at CSViC
CHICAGO, June 12.— Wheat opened bullish
with little news upon which to . base strength.
Cables were Indifferent, but receipts were
small, there was more wet weather in sev
eral localities in the West and there warn con
tinued talk of reduced stocks. Cash demand,
however, amounted to very little.- ¦ Yet the
crowd felt bullish and bought. This .worried
the fairly good sized short Interest - and July
after opening V* to %c up at 72c to 72^c/ad
vanced to 72%c. : There was still some excite
ment in Minneapolis and prices there advanced
Later the Liverpool cables reported an advance
in English futures on bad weather. French mar
kets also ¦ were higher. The close was rather
firm, July ] 4@%c up at 72@72%c.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS
Chico— Cherry picking finished; fair crop'
Holllster— Much fog; no change In crop pros
pects.
Riverside — Walnutj promise heavy crop: still
shipping oranges. . .
Hanford— Apricotg large; peaches doinr well
very good crop; pasturage good.
Colusa — Grain doing nicely; barley crop turn
ing out well, good quality; fruit doinz -well
apricot* in market. * ~T ¦'¦-, TT*
San Jose— Fruit crop doinx: excellent, cron
lanre. fine quality.
Livermore — Continued favorable weather for
crops; crop prospects unchanged.
Merced— Barley harvest turning out better
than expected.
Napa — All crops about the same.
Cloverdale — Favorable weather for all fruit
hey and grain crops. '
Porterville — Barley being harvested."
Newman — Wheat harvesting to commence
•oon ; weather favorable.
Willows— Blackberries ripening. Immense
crop. .
Palermo— Grapes setting well. •.>.*'
Eanta Rosa — Grapes promising as to quality
and Quantity.
O. -H. WILLSON, Forecast Official.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN.
H. Callet. Victoria.
Mrs. N. Gaben, Vic.
Mrs. E. Copper, Vic.
L. M. Cawker & wife,
Denver. Colo.
J. F. Mills. Nashville.
F. F. Leek. Nashville.
H, O. Wooton, Texas.
J. -B. Thomas & wife,
Joplin. Mo.
V. W. Nelson. Joplin.
B. R. TIngley, Cal.
J. C. TIngley. Cal.
C. Truckemmiller, Au
rora, Neb.
A. H. ' Bond. Portland.
W. S.. Byer». Angel I.
John Butcher. Angel I.
John Finger Angel I.
F. Erickson, Dayton.
S. Bissonet, Sacra.
Capt. W. E. James.
Sacramento.
H. Storer Salinas.
J. H. Tursselman.Gon
¦ zales.
J. C. ' Tursselman. do.
Jos. Zlesing.Pensacola.
A. Wolf. Wauseaa.
A. E. Gerwltz. StLouls
* Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
83%c; 2000, 83%c; 6000. 83%c. July, new—
8000, 85c ; 2000, 84%c. • ' .
•OATS — The near approach' of . the new crop
is hanging like a wet, blanket > over; the mar
ket. .It deters buyers from 1 purchasing ' and
has resulted in a further decline in prices. The
market is neglected. Chicago . reports exactly
opposite conditions. Oats , being urgently . want
ed, there.' with the supply small and no abate
ment in - the cash - demand.' : Grays - $1 32%®
1 40; Whites. $1 30@l 45; Milling. $1 45@1 47>j;
Black. $1 20@l 30; Red, $1 30@l 40.
CORN— Is very .^dull- both, here; and at Chi
cago. Quotations remain unchanged. Large
Y l«°, w ' J 1 45@l 60; small i round ¦ do, $1 50@
1 52^; White, $1 65®1 60. .
. RYE— 85@92%c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ' ctl asked.
-./¦; CALL BOARD SALES.' '.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls, 83%c;10,000,-83%c; July,' new— 2000
85c. ¦ ;~ ¦-¦-.,¦'-¦,¦¦ .,
Second Session — No sales. ¦
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal' Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
2000 ctls. $1 11; 14,000, $1 11%. * -^V ';¦ J
Second Session — No sales. . .
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon . Session — December — 8000 . ctls,
$1 11 ; May— 2000. 1 14% ; 0000, $1 14% ; 2000,
1.14%. ' ':¦<¦ ¦¦¦'.'¦?¦¦ - ¦ ¦ '_ l .. ¦ • •¦•• ¦
BARLEY— Business Is ' still very quiet and
quotations stand, the same. Buyers are pur
chasing only from hand to mouth. -, expecting
still lower prices as soon as the new crop be
gins to arrive In any quantity. '
New Feed.92%c; old Feed, 93%@95c for No.
I 1 and 90@92%c for off grades; brewing, 96%®
97^c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for standard.
WHEAT — The markets all over the world are
dull and featureless with! hardly any variation
from day to .day. Liverpool and Paris futures
were higher yesterday, and Chicago was also
a fraction or two better with good buying for
both long and short account. The San Fran
cisco market was dull but unsettled, futures
being firmer and shipping wheat weaker. Mill
ing grades continue comparatively - high, the
available supply being limited and the demand
very fair. — -•-*- .- . -. ...
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10; milling, $1 50®
1 17% per ctl. : .
Wheat : and; Other Grains.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange,' 60 "days.".". .'. ' ' — $4 85%
Sterling Cables, sight....;...... — 4 88V4
Sterling. Cablea ....- — 4 89V4
New York Exchange, sight..... '¦¦¦ ¦ 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic ' — 17%
Silver, per ounce '. ..• — 52V4
Mexican Dollars, nominal...... — 45%
Receipts of Produce.
Flour, qr sks.. 4,944(Straw, tons ."... 3
Wheat, ctls 38,170 Tallow, ctls ... 230
Barley, ctls ..... 920 Hides, No 34a
Oats, ctls 310 Pelts, bdla ... ie°
Corn, ctls 310 Quicksilver, flsk 75
Potatoes, sks... 2,610 Leather, rolls ' 104
Hay. tons ..... 200 Wine, gals . . 4a OOO
Middlings, sks.. 220 Pape^. car . ' Vi
Onions, sks .... 228 Lime, bbla .... 455
.Wool, bales .... 107 Sugar, ctls .... 2.600
¦ • Most of the offerings of Longworth Straw
berries sold readily at the quotations, . but the
greater part of , the receipts of'Malindas were
poor -and very few brought the top quotation.
There was very little inquiry for Logans and
offerings dragged at the quotations. Currants'
were cheap, as many of the offerings were mil
dewed or otherwise in bad order; The can
ners offered $2@2 25 per chest for the. surplus
but were unable to procure many. Other Ber
ries stood about the same.
i The first California-grown Nutmeg Melons
to arrive In the market came In from Coachel
la. Riverside County. . One crate containing 54
melons was ¦ received and sold • for $13 50. Four
boxes and one crate of Clyman Plums came in
from Vacaville, but were not sold, as the
fruit' was very green. .- . ¦
The market was dull for deciduous fruits and
prices were generally lower. Oranges -and
Lemons showed ; no change worthy- of note.
One car of Oranges -will be auctioned to-day'
Bananas were easier, owing to the increased
competition of other fruit. .
RASPBERRIES — $6@9 per chest; crates
from Loomis. 80c'@$l. ' ¦
' LOGANBERRIES— $4@7 per chest; crates,
BLACKBERRIES — In crates from Loomis,
' GOOSEBERRIES— $2 50@3 per chest; In
bulk, l@l%c for common and 2@4c for Oregon
Improved; English, 6@7c per lb.
CURRANTS— $2 50®5 oer chest.
. CHERRY PLUMS— 25@40c per drawer and
50@75c per box. • . - ... ....-
APRICOTS — 50@90c per box and 80c@$l : per
crate; rin baskets from the river, C5@85c. •¦•
APPLES — Green, 30@50c per box and 25®
40c per basket; larce boxes, $1. :
PEARS — Madeline, 35@60c for small boxes
baskets, 25@40c.
PKaCHES — From Vacavlllo and . the river,
$1®1 25 per box. . .
. CHERRIES— White, 25@50c per box; In bulk,
2@3c; Black. SS'SSOc per box -and 2@4c in
bulk; Royal-Annes, 60@75c,per box and 4@6c
in bulk.
FIGS — Black, from Yuma, $2 per box; from
Palm Springs, $2 per box.
MELONS— Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1 50@2 50
per crate. - ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $2@4, ac
cording ' to size and quality; Seedlings, 50c@
2 25; Mediterranean Sweets," $1"25@3;'- St
Michaels. $1<&2; Valenclas. $2 00@4; Lemons.
$1 25@1 50 for common, $1 75@2 25 for good to
choice and > $303 50 for : fancy; . Grape Fruit,
$2 r.0@3 50; Mexican. Limes, $4 50@5; Bananas.
$1 50<82 per. bunch for New Orleans and $1 25
@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Prices for almost everything under this head
remain nominal.
'FRUITS— Apricots, »@10c for Royals and 10
*@13c' for.' standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated 'Apples, 10011%^; sun dried. 6@7c;
Peaches, 6 Vi @S »4 c ; Pears, 6@9c ; Plums, pitted,
5@6^c; unpitted, 1%@2 'Ac; Nectarines, 5%@0c
for red, and- 5%@6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c
for black and 6%.@6c for white."
PRUNES— 1901 cron ' are quoted as follows :
30-40s, 6%@6%c; 40-508, 5@5i4c; 50-60s, 4%@
4%c; 60-70s, :4@4V4c; 70-S0s,i3%.@3%c; 80-90b,
3!@>3>4c; 00-lOOs, 2> / 4@2%c per. lb. -
- RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown, 8c;^ -2-crownJ
7%c; ; Loose Muscatels. 5%c for 4-cro.wn'and
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
¦ LONDON, June 12. — Consols, 97: silver,
24%d; French rentes, lOlf - 82%c@101f 85c;
wheat cargoes - on passage, rather easier; car
goes No. 1 standard California, 30s 3d; English
country markets, quiet but -steady.
LIVERPOOL. June 12.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 standard California, 6s 3d@6s 4d; wheat' in
Paris, firm; flour In Paris, firm; French country
markets,' firm ; weather in England, rain. .
COTTON— Uplands, 6 l-16d... •; •
Foreign Markets.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, June 12. — The evaporated ap
ples market remains quiet, with the spot article
firmly held. Futures Inclined to weakness
and are not quotable above 6c for prime; com
mon to good, 7<59%.c; prime, 10c; choice 10%**
10%c; fancy, lie. .
In the market for California products prunes
continue the leading feature, demand being
fairly steady, particularly for large sizes,
which are being taken chiefly for export ac
count. Prices for all grades In boxes range
from 3%c to 6%c.' Spot ' apricots are steady
and there is som© demand for futures for inte
rior account, prices ranging from 10%@14c.
PEACHES— Peeled, are still held at 12@16c
and unpeeled at S^igiOi^c.
NEW YORK, June 12.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,600 barrels; exports, 21,300 barrels. Rather
firm and more actl\ - e on choice grades. •„*;>-
WHEAT— Receipts, 106,600 bushels; exports,
68,783 bushels. Spot, -steady; No. 2 red, 81>/»c
elevator. and 78%@79%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
Northern Duluth. 80%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Manitoba, 84c f. o. b.' afloat. Most of the
day wheat was in strong but quiet position.
Light, offerings, coupled with another scare of
July shorts at Minneapolis and strong French
markets, furnished .,the chief . buying motivea.-
In the last hour there was a moderate setback
under realizing and the market closed easy at
WQViC net advance. July, 78&@78%c, closed
78%c; September, 76@76^c, closed 78c; De
cember, 77 3-16@77%c, closed 77^c. •
HIDES— Firm.
HOPS— Firm. .
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE— Spot Rio,: easy; No. 7 invoice.
5V4c; mild.- quiet: Cordova, 8@ll%,c. Futures
closed steady and net; unchanged to 10 points
lower. Total sales were 18,670 bags, including:
July. $4 80: September, $4 95; October $5 05-
December. $5 16(35 20; March, $5 40@5 45, and
May. $5 50@5 55. . '
SUGAR — Raw, firm: fair ' refining, Sc; cen
trifugal, ; 96 test, 3&c; molasses sugar, 2%c.
Refined, quiet;
TACOMA. June 12.— WHEAT— Steady; blue
stem, e5!4c;-club, 64%c.' ¦ .
OREGON.
PORTLAND, June 12.— WHEAT— Nominal-
Walla Walla, 65%.c: valley. OB'^c; bluestem,
C6 1 / 4@67c. • '
Northern Wheat Market.
WASHINGTON.
L A & P 5s. 103% — (1905)Sr A. 106% —
Do lem 58.105 — (1905)Sr B.107% —
llkt-st C 6s. — 128% |1906) ....109^ —
Do lem 5s. — 122 '(1912) ....120% —
N R of C 6s. 112*4 — S P of C 1st
Do 5s 121% c gntd Ss. . — —
N Pac C 53.110% — Do stmpd..lO9% —
N C R 5s.. 11214 — SP BrCal 6S.140 140H
N S R R53.100%101i/4 S V Wat Cs.lll lllVj
Oak Gas 5s. — 113% Do 43 2dm. 102 103
Oak Trn 6s.. 125 — Do 4s 3dm. 101 —
Do 1st c5s.113%115 Stkn G&E t»slOO%101^
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 75% — (Port Costa.. 63%, 66
Marln Co ... 59 . — Isprlng. Val.. 83% 90
GAS A^JD ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2%' 3% Pac L Co 43 BO
Eat G L C. . 3 3V4 Sac E G&R. 39 —
Mutual . iVj 5% SFG&E.. 44^ 44 '4
OGL&H. — KJ SFGL Co. 5% 5V a
Pac O Imp. . 37% 4t) Stktn G & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firezn's Fnd.260 —
, BANKS.
Am 3 & T..110 113 First Natlonl — —
A.nglo-Cal ... — '90% L P & A.... 168%.170
Bank of Cal.435 -r- Mer Kx (Hq) 26ft —
Cal Cafe Dp.122% — , S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Bav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt . . — — Security Sav.340 300
Mutual Sav.. 80 85 .Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U..525 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — I Market 99% 101
Peary — — I Presidio .... — —
POWDER.
Giant 69% IT)' {Vigorlt ¦•' Z% —
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 4'/4 Kilauea .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell ... 23 25 <4
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomea .... 23% tt%
Hutchinson . — 12% Paauhau .... — IS
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158%,160 Pac A F A. . 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 100 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine As. 99%,100>4 [Par Paint ..28 —
Oceanic S Co — 26 I
Horning- Session.
Board— !
10O Vlgorit 3 23
$1000 Los Angeles-Pacific R V. bonds. .103 75
$1000 North Shore 5s 100 75
$2000 S P Branch Ry 6s 140 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
20 California Wine Association .... 99 87 Va
100 Central Light and Power 3 00
10 Giant Powder Con 69 25
95 Hana Plantation Co 4 00
10 Hutchinson S P Co 12-50
100 Mutual Electric Light 5 00
81 Spring Valley Water 83 75
$1000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 108 50
$2000 North Shore 5a 100 75
$1000 Sacramento Elec, Gas & Ry 5S...10O 23
Street —
ICO Giant Powder Con 70 00
$1000 Market-street Cable 63 127 00
$10,000 Oakland Water 5s 104 00
PRODUCERS' Oil. EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
500 Aztec 10O
10O Monarch of Arizona 17
100 Monte Cristo 1 27%
50 Peerless, b 90 9 00
200 Sterling 1 40
200 Sterling 1 37& •
Afternoon, Session. ,\*. 1
Board —
1550 Lion 05
500 Monarch of Arizona 17
80 Monte Cristo 1 25
1500 Occidental of West Virginia If.
200 Sovereign 25
10O Sterling ..*... \ 42%.
100 Sterling 1 45
350 Wolverine ....................... 50
Street —
10O Monte Crista ....... .^...'i..^.'.. I 23
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales on ths San
Franciseo\ Stock and Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
200 Caledonia 85 30O Mexican ...... 43
500 Chollar - 14 100 Ophir 1 15
200 C C & Va 1 35 300 Overman 32
100 C C & Va 1 40 600 Potosl 2*
500 Gould & Cur.. OS 500 Savage 14
200 Hale & Nor. . . 49 200 Savage 1.1
200 Hale & Nor... 50 100 Yellow Jacket. 19
500 Hale & Nor... 51 100 Yellow Jacket. 17
Afternoon Session.
100 Belcher 15| 100 Mexican 45
1300 Chollar 13 200 Ophir 125
100 Chollar 14 400 Overman ..... 30
400 C C & Va...^.l 40 100 Potosi 24
400 Hale h & Nor. . . ,48 300 Potosi 23
500 Mexican 44 400 Union Con .... 20
¦ The following were the sales on the Pacific
stock exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. . -
10O Chollar 13 400 Mexican 43
100 C C & Va...l 37% 300 Ophir 1 15
200 Crown Point ."; 05 2CO Ophir 120
300 Gould & Curry 08 100 Potosi 24
700 Hale & Nor. . . 50 400 Union Con .... 17
600 Hale & Nor... 51 200 Union Con .... 13
200 Mexican 44
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 15 200 Hale & Nor. . . 43
200 Best & Belch.. 13 100 Ophir 1 22i*i
100 C C & Va 1 40 200 Potosi 25
100 C C & Va...l 42% 200 Potosi 2*
200 Gould & Curry 0Sl20O Sierra Nevada. 15
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Juna 12—4 p. m.
Bid.Ask. BliAslc.
Alpha .* 02 03 Justice 02 03
Alta 05 07 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash.. — 04
Belcher 14 15 Mexican 47 48
Best & Belch 13 15 Occidental ... — 13
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 125 130
Caledonia ... 88 89|Overman, .... 30 31
Challenge Con 14 16 i Potosi ....... 23 24
Chollar 13 14|Savag» 13 14
Confidence ... 60 65 Scorpion — (14
C C & Va 1 40 1 45 Seg Belcher.. 03 04
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 15 18
Con N Y — 02 Silver Kill... 48 60
Crown Point. 05 06 Bt Louis..... 06
Eureka Con. . 18 — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer ... 01 02 Union Con... 21 22
Gould & Cur. 07 08 Utah 01 03
Hale & Nor.. 61 53 Yellow Jacket IT 19
Julia — 04
WASHINGTON. June 12.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance, $199,700,223; gold, $100,-
Condition of the Treasury.
PORTLAND. June 12. — Clearings, $393,562;
balances. $45,046. . • .
TACOMA. June . 12.— Clearings, . $218,213;
balances, $25,398. •--. rv . ' . .
SPOKANE, June 12.— Clearings, $244,140
balances, $19,765. : : ¦¦ \ . ..
Northern Business.
Nevada — Partly cloudy Friday
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy'
Friday, with fog in the morning and at nlKht
brisk to high westerly wind. s '
G. H. WILLSON
Local Forecast Official, Temporarily in Charge.
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 6pm
120th meridian time, San Francisco, June 12*
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 50.
TTEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevails over the
r»orth Pacific States, the Rocky Mountain re
gion and along the California coast; in other
districts it is clear.
The pressure has fallen over the Pacific
Elope, and a deep depression overlies the
Fiateau region.
The temperature has risen in Southern Utah;
in other districts the changes have been
clight.
A thunderstorm has occurred at Salt Lake
City.
High westerly Trinds are reported along the
California coast and in Nevada
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. June 13, 1902:
Northern California — Partly cloudy "Friday
cooler in the interior; brisk to high westerly
wind.
Southern California — Partly cloudy Fridav
fresh west wind. * *
NEW YORK, June 12.— Money on call,
steady, at 2%@3 per cent, closing bid and
asked 2% per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, -4@4% per cent. -
Sterling exchange, firm, with 'actual business
in bankers' bills at $4 87.% for -demand and at
$4 84?iiS4 85% for sixty days. - . ?
Posted rates. $4 85%@4 86 and $4 S8%.
Commercial bills, $4 S4V4@4 85%.
Bar 6llver, 52 l ,4c.
Mexican dollar?. 42c'
Bonds — Governments, irregular; State bonds,
inactive. • ...-...-,.,
New York Money
BUTTER — Creamery. 21@21%.c per pound for
fancy. 20VSo for firsts and 20c for seconds;
dairy, 17@20%.c; store Butter, 14@16c per
pound. . '" . . -. ¦
CHEESE— New, 9@10c; old. nominal; Young
America, 10@lp%c: Eastern, 13@15c per. pound.
EGGS — Ranch. 20c, with occasionally 21c for
fancy and 17%@19c for fair to good; store,
16%@17%c per dozen.
Receipts were 85,200 pounds. 659 cubes and
128 kegs, of Butter, 1548 cases of Eggs, 400
cases of Eastern Eggs, 32,600 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese. . • . "i
Eggs, with the possible exception of extra
fine large ranch, are weak, and there are more
on the market than the demand calls for. The
tendency among dealers is to keep as closely
sold up as possible. For the bulk of offerings
20c Is the top of the "market. • Eastern are now
offering, and recent arrivals have been closed
out at 18@19c for firsts and 17@17%.c.for sec
onds.
Butter continues in liberal supply, with
more sellers than buyers. As most of the Hum
boldt product is coming in soft and as this
description governs. the market at present, the
whole situation is unfavorably affected. Post
ed buyers can obtain all the fine Butter i.they
v/ant at 21c.
< Cheese stands the same, with abundant
stocks. . - _/ .- .;:-'¦;--
Butter, ' Cheese and' Eggs.
POULTRY-*-Live Turkeys. l.J@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$125; Goslings. $1 25@1 50: Ducks, $3 50ffi4 for
old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $? 50@5 50;
young Roosters, $6 WCgS; old Roosters. $4 50
@5: Fryers. $4 50@5 50; Broilers, $3@4 for
large and $2 25@2 50 for small: Pigeons. $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs:
GAME— Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 50 for Cotton
tails and $1 for Brush. . ,
•Another car of Eastern ' Poultry was placed
on the market, making the second this week.
Receipts - of Californlan were liberal and the
market had ' an easy tone, the demand being
slack. Prices, however, . were unchanged.
Twelve sacks of Hare and . Rabbits came in
and cold * promptly at quotations. . _
Poultry and Game.
CHICAGO. June 12.— Cattle— Receipts, 10,000.
Mostly 10 io 15c lower. Good to prime steers,
$7 30@7 90; poor to medium $5 00@7 00; stock
ers and feeders, $2 50@. r > 25; cows $1 50@2 73;
heifers. $2 50@6 45; canners, $1 4032 40; bulls
$2 75@5 75: calves, $2 00@6 50; Texas fed steers
$5 00@6 70. « --- •-• ¦!;'..;¦,:-¦ - --
Hogs — Receipts: To-day, ,33,000; to-morrow,
29,000, left over. ; 5000. -Mixed 5 and butchers,
$7 15@7 55; good to choice heavy.- 9t 75(g>7 62%;
rough heavy. $7 10@7 40; light $5 73® 7 35; biifk
of sales, $7 15@7 45. • * •« ¦' ¦ ; . -
Sheep — Receipts, 10,000. Slow. "-, to lower.
Lambs, lower. Good- to choice wethers, '$5 00@
$5 50; fair to choice mixed, $4 50<f?5 00; western
sheep,- $0 00@5 50; native lambs clipped,' $5 Ww
$6 75;- western lambs, clipped, - $5 25@6 75";
spring lambs. $7 25. . .-•¦-. -^, . ':¦-:¦...¦
ST. JOSEPH.. Mo., . June "12.— Cattle — Re
ceipts, 400. Steady. Natives, $5 15<ra7 60; cows
and heifers, $1 50@6 60; stackers arfd ' feeders
$2 50®5 30. , ' " • '
Hogs— Receipts, . 8500. Steady. { Light and
light mixed, $7 27%.@7 37%.; medium and heavy,
$7 30@7 60; pigs, $4 00@6 50.;
• Sheep— Receipts, 450. Strong. : ¦ ¦
Eastern Livestock Market.
NEW YORK, June 12.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:-!'
There was little in the stock market to-day
beyond the settlement and some forced liquida
tion in Kaffirs early In the session, but the
close was good on Jewish and Continental sup
port. Consols touched 97 on Paris buying.
Americans were fairly steady. There was a
little animation In the morning, but- New York
came dull, chiefly 'in Atchison and'Union Pa
cific.
The market has borrowed £3,000,000,. mainly
on Stock Exchange loans.
London Market.
CANNED TOMATOES— Are strong for snot
stock,, the price being about $105 for 2%
pound standard. Future prices are not yet
named, canners awaiting the outcome of the
crop; a few contracts, are being made by out
siders at 75 cents.
TEA— Teas In Japan are still higher, tha
price being now about 4 cents above the cor
responding time last year. Supplies are lighter
than usual, and the quality inferior. The flr3t
crop is reported about 40 per cent short. Re
ceipts here are lighter than was expected and
prices have been marked up 2 cents per pound
while another advance will probably occur be
fore the month is over.
CANNED SALMON— Red, Alaska and sock
eye tails' are practically sold put of first hands,
and the stock In second hands is comparatively
light and not likely tp last much longer at the
present rate of consumption. It is estimated in
a circular letter of the Pacific Selling Company
that the pack on Puget Sound and British Co
lumbia will be 1,600.000. or about 1,000 000
cases less than was turned out last year. The
run on the Columbia River, has improved and
the Dack has reached about the same propor
tions as at the. corresponding period last year'
Mail advices from London state that the
market holds firm with business moderate
and prices tending upward.
SUGAR — The Western Suear Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed
4.50c 4.35c; Candy Granulated,
4.35c ;TJry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.20c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), -none-
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c*
Extra C. 3.75c; Golden C, 3.65c; "D," 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more: half-barrels, 25c morel
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes. 5c
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
lSMs@14c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c-
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
in cases, 22%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14%c; in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; In
cases, 26%c. . . -
TURPENTINE — 71c per gallon in cases and
C5c in drums and iron barrels.
OIL — California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in- barrels, boiled.
7Sc; raw, 7 tic; cases, 5c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and et>c for raw, in barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases. $1 05;
China Nut 57%.@68c per gallon; pure Neats
loot, in barr.els, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
C5c; Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish OH. barrels, 42%c: cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, ti3%c for Ceylon and
&8%c tor Australian.
COAL— -Wellington, $S per ton; $outnfleld
AVellington, $8;. Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 CO;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $jj;
Wallsend, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks -
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh An
thracite. $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, *15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $S 45 oer 2OW) lbs and $3 50
per ton. according to brand.
BAGS— Grain Bass, June and July, 5%@6c;
San Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7%@8c. '
General Merchandise.
New York Cotton Market.
I NEW YORK, June 12.— Cotton opened firm
to 7 points higher and closed quiet and net un
changed to. 2 points higher. .
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. June 12 — 5 p. m.
Iron . showed no features of importance at
home. It ruled dull. Warrants were nominal;
No. 1 foundry Northern, $21@22; No. 2 foundry
Northern, $20 50@21 60; No. 1 foundry South
ern, $20 80@21 50; No. 1 foundry Southern
soft.' $20 50@21 50.
Abroad prices were a shade easier. Glasgow
closed at 54s lOd and Middlesboro at 49s 6d.
Lead, ruled steady but quiet and unchanged
locally "at" $4 '12%.' ¦ The London market also
ruled unchanged at £11 '5s. Spelter continued
quoted . on' the more or less nominal basis of
$4 87% at New York. At London £18 12s Cd
was the price.
Copper ruled quiet and about steady, with
standard, . spot to August, at $11 80@12; lake,
/$12 42%@12 62%; electrolytic; $12 12%@12 30,
and casting at. $12 12!&@12.25c. The London
copper/market eased off 2s 6d, with spot * at
£54 5s and futures at £54 7s Cd.
NEW YORK, June 12. — The London and
home markets for tin were decidedly lower to
day. '. The foreign market closed 10s lower for
spot and £1 5s off for futures. Spot closed
at £130 10s and futures at £125 5s. The de
cline here was about 75 points, with spot at
$39 75@30 17 Vj. :
New York Metal Market.
The following quotations are for sood sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkagf! for cattle:. . ~ -.-.,
CATTLE — Steers. SVi&yc; Cows and Heifers,
7@7Vic; tHn Cows, 4'v'oc per lb.
CALVES-^5@5%c per lb tgross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 3%.®4c; Ewes, '3yi@35io
per lb (gross welcht).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 4@4'ic r>er lb live weight; yearlings,
SJa©4c per. lb. .
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
200 lbs and over. 0®6%c; feeders, 6@
tiftc; sows, 20 Der cent urt, ooars 50 per cent
cif and stags 40 per cent off trom the above
quotations. ' ¦
BEEF— 6%.@7»4c for Steers and 5%,@6c per
lb for Cows. - ¦
VEAL — Large, 7@Sc; small, SS9c per lb.
. MUTTON— Wethers, 7%.@8%.c; Ewes, 7®8c
per lb.
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs, 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to deal
ers are as follows:
DRESSED MEATS
The packers have not been able to obtain
'supplies of Hogs at 6%c and the market has
gone back to 6%c again. Receipts continue
light. The other meats remain as before.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Opening 28 25 27 40
Closing 28 55 27 50
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— •• . ¦ - , , ... July. Sept.
Opening 5 10% 6 %
Closing 5 10% 6 %
\:PARIS.
Wheat— . July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 80 20 95,
Closing 22 85 : 20 95
Flour—
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, from Vacaville,
10@15c per dozen; from Brentwood/ 20@25c;
Asparagus; 70C@$2 25 per box; Rhubard, 50@75c
per box; extra fancy, $1@1 25; Green Peas $1 25
@$2 per sack; String Beans. 2@2%c perjb. and
2%@3c"for Wax; Refugee Beans, 4c per lb;
Cabbage. 90c@$l per ctl; Los Angeles Toma
toes, $1 75@U per box and crate; Mississippi
Tomatoes, $2©2 25 per crate; 'Dried • Peppers,
lOfdllc per lb;. Los Angeles do. .13@17%c; Car
rots, $1 per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville,
75c@$l. per- box;, from Arizona, $1 per box;
from Alameda, $2@2 50 per- large -box;
Hothouse do,- 25@50c . per » dozen; Gar
lic 2@3%c for new; Los Angeles Green Peppers,
10@12%c; Stockton do, 12Vic: Mexican do, 10@
15c~; Egg Plant from Los Angeles. 8@10c; Sum
mer Squash, 75@90c for small boxes and $t 50@
$175 for large; Marrowfat Squash, $15@20 per
ton ; Hubbard Squash. , $15@2O.
ONIONS— Australian, $2@2 25, second
hands; Sllverskins, $1 25@1 50; new red, 45@60c
per sack; White Onions, 35@50c per box. r
Green Corn from Vacaville and Winters . is
coming in too young and is very hard to sell.
Offerings from Brentwood are choicer. and sell
better. Choice Asparagus sold readily at- good
prices, but the bulk I of the ! offerings were in
bad order and went to the canners at low fig
ures. Peas and Rhubard were firm under light
receipts. Beans. Squash and Cucumbers con
tinued to weaken as receipts ; are steadily In
creasing. A box of Chile Peppers that came
in from Stockton on the preceding day sold at
25c per lb. Some other Peppers from the same
place sold at 12 %c per lb. A small box of
Tomatoes came in from • Vacaville and being
green sold for $1 50.
POTATOES— New Potatoes. $1@1 50 in
sacks: in boxes from the river. $1@1 10 for
the Early Rose, and $1@1 75 • for Burbanks
with eome fancy higher; old ¦ Burbanks, 85c@
$1 25 ; Sweets. - $2 50 for Merced.*
Australian • Onions ; were 3 offering freely at
easier prices, but found few buyers owing to
the large offerings and low prices of the Cali
fornia article. ..
Receipts of new Potatoes from the river were
large and second-clas3. offerings were - easier.
Fancy 6tock, which was scarce; commanded the
usual premium over the quotations, one small
lot being sold at $2 15. Old crop Burbanks
were j inactive and the . quotations show a de
cline. ¦ ¦ '
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
"The monetary situation need cause no
anxiety. Sharp changes in the loan account
seem possible, owing to syndicate operations,
but barring the temporary scarcity that prepa
rations for July disbursements may cause the
outlook is for a comfortable money market
•with funds, however, pretty well employed
•until crop demands assert themselves. A good
cotton crop, be It remembered, would have a
favorable effect on the foreign exchange mar
ket in the autumn. In case of an early settle
ment of the coal strike the market would
probably display general improvement. The In
crease in Northwest's dividend is a very con
vincing demonstration of railroad prosperity,
but as a bull argument It has been more than
discounted."
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
"The general market at the moment is
largely dominated by the coal strike. This is
pufficicnt to counteract all other favorable in
fluences. Trading is limited and entirely of a
professional character. The public is still out
of the market, awaiting fresh attractions.
Meanwhile, stocks are well held and a confi
dent undertone prevails among Insiders in
spite of occasional recessions. The distant fu
ture depends upon the crop situation more
largely than usual. A repetition of last year's
failures in corn, cotton and feed crops would
be followed by very disagreeable consequences.
Such a series of losses in two* .consecutive
j-ears seems impossible, and fortunately the
fresent outlook is eminently reassuring. The
wheat crop is doing well; a larger acreage of
corn is practically assured, and the fine condi
tion of cotton promises a much larger yield
than last year, when Texas, the banner State,
lost about one-third of her crop. Neverthe
less, it is too early to act with assurance on
the crops. Last year's damage, it will be re
membered, occurred in July.
Trade Prospects.
lapsed to-day Into a torpid condition and deal
ings fell oft about one-third from yesterday's
aggregate. The efforts which were conspicuous
yesterday to advance prices, and which were
still in evidence in the early market to-day,
were discontinued in face of the discouraging
reception which they met. and prices wera
allowed to fall back. There was no actual
weakness developed, and the selling was pretty
well absorbed. In Reading . especially, .in
which there were large offerings, there was
ready absorption and apparently a determina
tion to support the stock. The conspicuous
position of Missouri Pacific was enhanced to
day, and the volume of the dealings in that
stock were far in excess of tiiose in any other
on the list. It was moved upward a point at
one time, followed by Texas and Pacific, but th*
advance met such heavy selling orders that
the movement for the advance was abandoned
and practically all the gain was lost. The
only development to account- for the strength
of the stock was the continued rumors that
the dividend will shortly be increased. The
reaction • In the market was largely due to a
better appreciation of the decrease' in the com
ing wheat crop estimate involved in the fall
ing off in the spring wheat acreage. The trans
fer of Nebraska from spring wheat to the
winter wheat list involves the deduction bf
most of its acreage from the spring wheat
estimate. The revision in the coming wheat
crop estimate thus involved caused persistent
strength in the wheat market. The strength
of the corn market was said to be in sympa
thy with wheat, but it had even more signifi
cant influence on the stock market, owing to
the vast importance attached to the fate of
the coming crop in its bearing upon the pros
perity of the whole country. Speculative sen
timent was less hopeful to-day regarding the
position of the coal mining controversy. This
feeling was emphasized by rumors which found
circulation that a message to Congress by
the President on the subject was in contem
plation. Yesterday's public statement by the
operators of their position was said to involve
in effect the dissolution of the Miners' Union,
and the irreconcilable position thus presented
was felt to threaten a' lengthened contest. The
pressure upon Sugar was connected with yes
terday's testimony before the Senate committee
regarding the methods pursued in the advocacy
of the reciprocity policy. A notable decline
in May exports of the princiftal domestic arti
cles reported from Washington had a depress
ing effect, especially in view of the great im
portance of a sustained trade balance in favor
of this country during the next few months
on acount of the heavy obligations to foreign
lenders which will mature in that time. There
was also a significant- demand in the time
loan market for accommodations running over
the period of the coming semi-annual settle
ment, and of the later demand for currency to
cover crops. The market closed dull, but
steady.
The movement in the bond market was ir
regular. Total sales, $1,990,000.
United States 2s registered declined >4 and
the new 4s V,. The old 4s registered advanced
% per cent on the last call.
•NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 9,100 81% 80% 81
Atchlson pfd 3,300 99% 99% VJ\i
Bait & Ohio 100 106% 105% 105%
Bait & Ohio pfd... 100 95% 95»/i 95
Canadian Pacific .. 4,100 135% 134% 135'4
Canado Southern 95
Ches & Ohio 200 46% 46% 46%
Chi & Alton 700 37% 37 37
,Chi & Alton pfd .. 400 76% 76 76 «i
Chi Ind & Louis... 800 74% 74% 75
Chi I & L pfd .- 86
Chi & East 111 1.3W 170 159% 170
Chi & Gt West 6,600 29% 28% 29%
Chi & Gt W A pfd .'. 8914
Chi & Gt W B pfd 48'
Chi & NW 800 249% 249 249%
Chi R I & P 200 1721,4 171% 171%
Chi Term & Trans 900 21% 21 21%
Chi T & T pfd.... 100 38% 38U 3SV4
C C C & St L BOO 105 105 104%
Colo Southern .... 1,500 31% 31>4 31%
Colo So 1st pfd.... 700 70% 70% 70%
Colo So 2d pfd 100- 43% 43 43>4
Del & Hudson ... 300 175 175 17214
Del Lack & W 278
D & R G 100 42% 42% 42
D & R G pfd...?.. 400 91% 91'i 91%
Erie 300 37% 37 37
Erie 1st pfd 900 68% 6814 68
Erie 2d pfd 100 52% 52% 51%
Gt North pfd 900 186% 185% 185%
Hocking Val .... 84%
Hocking Val pfd. -.. 92
111 Central 800 152% 151% 151%
Iowa Central- 100 46% 46% 46
Iowa Central pfd 84
K C Southern it.100 34% 33>»4 34%
K C Southern pfd 2,600 «2V* 61% 61 Ti
Lake Erie & West .... 65
L E & W pfd J25
Louis &. Nash 1,500 138U 337'i 137W.
Manhattan L 3.500 132^4 132 132 "
Met Et Ry 1,000 150% 150 150
Mex Central 1,200 27% 27 26%
Mex National 100 18% 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis.. 500 111% 111 m
Missouri Pacific .. 46,400 103% 102% 102%
Missouri, Kas & T 1,200 26% . 26% 26%
M K & T pfd ' 200 58% " 67% 57%
N J Central .. J84*
N Y Central 300 155% 155% 155%
Nor & West 1,500 66% 66% 56%
Nor & West pfd •.. .... 90%
Ont & Western.... 200 32% 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 4,200 150% 149% 149%
Reading 14,500 64% 63% fpA
Reading let pfd... 400 84' 83% 83%
Read 2d pfd 1,000 6S% 68% 68%
St L & San Fran.. 400 6S» Bk4 C8«4
St L & S F 1st pfd 100 85 85 83
St L & S F 2d pfd 400 73U 73 73
St Louis SW 300 28% 28*4 27%
St Louis SW pfd.. 600 61% 6li| 61%
St Paul ...17,900-171% 170% 170»i
St Paul pfd 400 190 190 . 189%
Southern Pacific .. 4,900 64% 64% 64%
Southern Ry 2,400 37>,4 36% 36T4
Southern Ry pfd.. 200 85 - »5 94t£
Tex & Pacific 2,700 42>i 41U 42li
T St L & West... 100 21 21 21
T St L & W pfd.. 100 37% 87% 37%
Union Paclfi.c 5,800 105% 104% 10454
Union Pac pfd ... 200 88% 87% 875?
Wabash 8,200 27% 27 26%
Wabash pfd 4,500 45% 44 >i 44%.
Wheel & L E 800 22V4 22 «2iL
Wheel & L E pfd.. 900 35% 34% 35
Wisconsin Central. 300 27% 27«A 27>A
WIs Central pfd... 300 49% 49% 49
Express Companies- —
Adams ..... .... -.... 197
American .... «22
United States .... 114K
Wells Fargo «00
Miscellaneous — .
Amalg Copper .;.. 4,800 <59U 68% 68*4
Am Car & Found.. 6.200 32% 32% ",iu.
Am Car & F pfd.. * 200 91 91 no?
Am Linseed Oil - *>5
Am Lin Oil pfd 51
American Loco ... 1,100 33U 33« 33H
Amer Loco pfd 300 94 93 2 93%
Am S & Rfng 1,600 48%" 48% 48%
Am S & Rfng pfd 400 99% 00 « 99 «
Anaconda M Co .. 300 114 113U 113-
Brook R Transit.. 2,500 67% 67% R7ti
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 800 99 98% 98»2
Consolidated Gas.. 800 221 « 221 2*>0%
Cont Tobacco pfd.. 300 124 123% 124
General Electric .. gir
Hocking Coal '. jgjr
Internati Power . . . 4OT 90 80 86
Internatl Paper .. 200. 21% 21% «>1U
Int Paper pfd .... ..... .... .... .73
Laclcde • Gas . .' .... 89
National Biscuit .... 401/
National Lead .... 300 22% 22% 2*>i4
North American .. ........'. '• 120
Pacific Coast '." «
Pacific Mail .... . iX
People's Gas 1.200 102% 101% ~ 102
Pressed Steel Car. . 1,300 47% 47% 47 '
Pressed S Car pfd 100 87 87 86
Pullman Pal Car 030
Republic Steel .... 900 1SW 18 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 700 75% 75% 74a:
Sugar 4.K00 12S%" 127% 127%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1,000 64% 64*4 63«£
Union B & P Co :. .... '* «{?
TJ B & P Co pfd I'" i?g?
U S Leather 1,300 13% I3»i ~m£
ul£u!£r r ,^:: , 1 : 4 ? 0 S6 .' S5 * i<$
U S Rubber pfd [¦*¦"„ ii{?
V S Steel ........ fi,100 39% 38% 3RT4
U S Steel pfd .... fl.WO ;«>$¦ 88% 88%
Western Union 1 .. 1,500 92% 91 14 oi%
Total sales 273,500 shares.
HOPS— 12@12%o for fair and 13@llc per lb
for good to choice,- contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c. >':-.-,-
5Uc fcr seedless; 3-crown, 6c: 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers. §1 60 Der box. ',,_,*,,
' NUTS — Walnuts," No. 1 softshell. 11©11%c;
No 2 C<37c: No. 1 hardshell. 10<gl0%c; No. i.
7c- Alrnond3, 10Vi@12e for papershell. 0@10c
for softshell and «*»7c for hardshell; Peanuts.
6@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 1 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts,
* 3 H 5 OXEY— Comb. ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber: water- white extracted. 5©
&i~i— light amber extracted. 4@4%c; dark. 4c. |
BEESWAX— 27%@29c Derlb. .
Provisions. J.
Quotations remain unchanged, -but locat
dealers continue to foreshadow an advance in
Hams, Bacon and Lard In a few days, pos
sibly next week. Chicago is quiet, with a
weaker feeling yesterday.
CURED MEATS — Bacon, 13c per 1b for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
151.4c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 14%c; Cali
fornia' Hams, 13%@14; Mess Beef, $10 per bbl;
extra- Mess, $10 5O@ll; Family, $11 50@12;
prime Mess Pork. $15@15 50; extra clear, $23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, 12ftc; Pig
Pork, $25; Pigs' Feet. $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%@S%c per lb
for compound and 12 %c for pure; half-barrels,
¦pure. 12%c; 10-lb tins, lS&c; 5-lb tins. 13%o;
3-lb tins, 13%c. 1
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces, 10%o per lb.
Hides, Taltow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culla and brands sell
about lYiO under Quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
B^o for heavy and 9c for light; Stags, . 7c;
Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls, 14® 15c; Dry
Kip. ll@I3c; Dry Calf. 16@18c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20®
30c each: short wool, 40@00c each; medium,
65@75c; long Wool, SOc@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium,
$1 50@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, - dry, $1 75 for large, $150 for medium,
$1@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry Central American, 32 Vic. Goat
Skins^-Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth,
00c; medium, 35c
TALLOW— No. 1> rendered. 5%@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease, 2%@3#c. ,
WOOL — Spring, Humboldt and Mendocino,
15@17c; Northern free, 14@16c; do, defective,
lo@14; Middle County free. 13@15; do, de
fective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 9@10c;
do. 7 months, UigflJC; Foothill, ll@13c; Neva
da, 12® 15c; Vallby Oregon fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14@15c per lb.
packers found the pit so dull that they, could
not unload pork or lard eave at : lower prices.
July pork closed 10c down, lard 5c lower and
ribs 1 %c. higher. :. , \ . . -^ - .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles—." ¦ • Open. High. - Low. ¦ Close.
Wheat No. 2—
July ..,......:. 72% 72Vi.,. 'Wi "2«4
September ..... 70>^ 70 ',% 70^i . 70%
December....... 71% ' 72 ! 71% 71%
. Corn No. 2— . .. - . .c . '
July... ...63% 63% 03% 63H
September ; 58% 68% 6SV4 ,68%
December ......' 4i'A 44%- 44% 44%
Oats No. 2— : •
July (old)... 37% 37% '37 l 4 37%
July (new)...... 89% 40% 39% 39%
September (old). . 28% , 28% 28y 2 28%
September (new) }; 30% - 30% 30% 30%
December (new)" 30% 30% • 30% 30%
•Mess Pork, per bbl —
July ...........17 57% 17 75 1757% 17 60 .
September ......17 77% 17 85 •17-67% 17 70 G
. Lard, v cer 100 lbs — • ¦ •' " • - •
July .10 30 - 10 35 '-: 10 27% 10 30
September .....10 35 10 40 • 10 32%. 10 32%
• Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— ' ¦
July ...... 10 .37% .10 55 .10 37% 10' 45
September :.... 10 25 10 32% 10 25 10 25
Cash quotations. were. as follows: Flour, no
demand, price nominal; No. 3 spring wheat,
70@72%c; No. 2, red, 80c- No "2 yellow corn,
63%c; No. 2 oats; 43y.c; No ' 2 white. 46%c:
No. -3 white, "45%@46Vjc; No. 2 rye, 58%c; fair
to choice I malting ! barley, 66@C8c; No. 1 flax
seed, $1 56; No^ 1 Northwestern, $1 76; prime
timothy seed, $6 30®6 35; 'mess p^>rk, per bar
rel. $17 67%@17 85: - lard; per 100 pounds.
?10.25@10 27%; short ribs (loose), $10 S2%@
10 47%; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 8^4@8%c;
short clear sides (boxed), $10 75@10 85; whisky,
basis of, 'filgh wines, $1 30; clover, contract
grade, $8 35. . ,
Articles^- Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls ....17,000 19,000
Wheat, bu ...17,000 25,000
Corn, bu 226,000 25,000
Oats, bu ............. 149,000 . 176,000
Barley; bu 18,000 1,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries, 18@21c; dairies,
18@19%c; cheese, firm, 10%c; eggs, easy, fresh,
15@15%c. . .
These markets continue very quiet at pre
vious prices. .^-V ¦
BEANS — Bayos, $3@3 10; small White, $2 40
@2 50; large .White. $2 40@2 45: Pea. $3 25®
3 60; Pink, $2@2 15; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$5@5 10; Limas, $3 C0@3 75; Red Kidneys.
$3 SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $2 50@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry3i4c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah, 10% @
llUc;" California. 10@10%c; Rape, I%@2i4c;
"D^IE^PEAS^Niles. $1 75@2; Green. $1 40
@1 05; Blackeye, $1 75@2. ' : ». : '
Beans and Seeds.
Brain still keeps up in spite - of the heavy
receipts from Washington mentioned yesterday.
Middlings also rule ! firm., while . Rolled Barley
and Hay are weak." Four cars of new barley
Hay came in and sold at $7 50. '
BRAN — $18 50@19 50 per. ton.
MIDDLINGS— $21@24 per ton. ¦ „-„../
/ FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. ¦ $20@22 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@2ti;j Job
bing $26' 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal $31@32; Cracked Corn; $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed. $16@17; Cottonseed Meal, $26 50.
HAY New is selling as follows: Wheat.
$S@9 50; Volunteer Wild Oat, $5 50@S; Old la
Quotable as follows: - , ' . ,
Extra fine "Wheat, $12: fair to choice
do $9 50@ll 50; Wheat and Oat. $9@11 50;
Oat $S@10 50; Alfalfa. $7@11; Clover, $7@»;
Vclunteer, $6 50@8 50; Stock. $6@8 per ton.
STRAW— 40@65c per bale. .-_^-'
Hay and Feedstuff s.
nanas lower.
Canned salmon continues in demand and firm.
Tea still advancing in the primary markets.
Continued dullness in local Stocks and Bonds.
Silver a shade higher. Exchange undisturbed.
Shipping WJieat weaker, but futures farmer. \ _
Barley weak and quiet, with buyers holding off.
Oats neglected and declining. Corn and Rye dull and weak.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay and Rolled Barley zveak. . . ;
Beans and Seeds inactive and unchanged.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs weak, with liberal stocks.
Provisions inactive, but quoted £nn.
Hogs back to former quotations, and firm.
New Potatoes and Onions weak and coming in freely.
Poultry in ample supply and easy. .
Deciduous Fruits quiet. Oranges and Lemons unchanged. Ba-
Money, 2%@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in open market > for
short bills is 2% per cent; for three months'
bills is 2% per cent.
. NEW YORK BOXDS.
U S ref 2s reg.... 10734 L & N uni 4s. ...103
H f o ef - 2s coup.,108% Mexican Cent 4s.. 84
U S 3? reg.. 107% Mex C 1st inc.. 32
U S 3s coup...;.. 107% Minn & St L 4s. .105^4
US new 4s reg.. 135 & Miss K & T 4s. .99%
Ij S new 4s coup. 135 % Miss K & T 2ds.. 84 .
US old 4s reg. ..109% NY Central lsts. 104%
U S old 4s coup.,110% NYCt! gen 3%s.lO7
Li S 5s reg.......iO5 n J Ctl gen 5s. .139*4
U S 6s coup..... 105, (Northern Pac 4s.. 105
Atchison. gen 4s.. 10314 I Northern Pac 3s.. 74 .
Atchlson adj 4s.. 93'-'. |N & W con 4s.. 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading gen 4s. .ICO
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 98>i StL & IM con 5s;il7 :
B&Oconv 4s. ...106% SfL'&S F 4s. .100 ';.
Canada Sou 2ds..lO9 St L Swstrn lsts. 99%
Central of Ga 5s. 109% St L Swstrn 2ds. 88
C of Ga 1st Inc.. S2% S A & Aran P 4a 90*4
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lO8 " Southern Pac 4s.. 92U
Chi & .Alton 3%s. 85% Southern Ry 5s.. 123>,4
Chi B & Q new 4s 96% Tex & Pac Ists..ll9i4
C M & St Pgen 4S.115J4 T.St L & W 4s.. 82=i
Chi & Nw con 7s.l37 . Union Pac 4a 106%
C R l& pac 4s. 112 U P conv 4s..-. .107%
CCC & StL gen 43.102% Wabash lsts 119%
Chi Term 4s 90% Wabash .2ds" ....111%
Colo & Sou 4s 95V> Wabash deb B... 75%
Den & R G 4s..lO3^ West Shore 4s... .115%
Erie prior Hen 4s. 102 " W & Lake E 4s.. 95
Erl© gen 4s 88 Wis Central 4s... 93%
FtW & D C lsts. 113% Con Tob 4s...... 67%
Hocking Val 4V4s.llO%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. '
Adams Con ...... 40 Little Chief I ,12
Alice 40 Ontario 725
Breecc 50 Ophir .... ..1 10
Brunswick Con ... ' 9 Phoenix 6
Comstock Tun ... 5 Potfcrsl 25
Con Cal & Va. . . . .1 20 Savage 10
Deadwood Terra . .1 00 Sierra Nevada .... 12
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes .. 40
Iron Silver 75 Standard 3 20
Leadvllle Con .... : 5
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. - '•
Money — U S Steel 39'
Call loaps. 3%@4% U S Steel pfd 8ST4
Time loans 4@5 West, Common ..107
Bonds— Mining— ;
Atchlson 4s 102V4 Adventure . ..... 24
Gas lsts 94 . Allouez 2?i
Mex Central 4s... 81 Amalgamated . . 68%
NE Gas & Coke.. 55 Bingham . 34%
Railroads — Calumet & Hecla600
Atchison . 80% Centennial . ..... 18%
Atchison pfd 99% Copper Range ... 57%
B & A 259«i Dom Coal ..140
B&M ,200 Franklin' 11%
Boston Elev,. .... 160 Isle Royale .12
N Y, N H & H..232 Mohawk 42%.
Fitchburg pfd ...143% Old Dominion ...21%.
•Union Pacific ...104% Osceola . 61 V>
Mex Central 26%. Parrot 28
Miscellaneous — Quincy . ... 130
Am Sugar ...)27% S F Copper .1%
Am Sugar pfd ...118% 7amarack . .....ISO
Am Tel & Tel 175% Trinity . ...\.v.. 12 &
Dom I & S 55H United States .... 20^,
Gen Electric 316 Utah .....21!*..
Mass Electric 44 Victoria 4
Mass Elec pfd ... 98 Winona . ........ 3%
United Fruit 100 Wolverine . 55
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Consols, money . . D6%,N Y Central 159%,
Consols, acct .... 97 N & W ex div... 57%
Anaconda 5% N & W pfd ......: 92 -
Atchison 83% Ontario & W ....-33%
Atchlson pfd 101% Pennsylvania . .. 76%
B & O 108% Reading . ........ 33 •
Canada Pac 13'JVi Reading 1st pfd . 42%
Chesa & Ohio 47 'i Reading 2d pfd:. 35
C G W 30\i So Railway .. 38%
C. M & St P 175% So Railway pfd. . . 97 V*
D & .R G 42% So Pacific 66%
D & R G pfd 93 Vj Union Pacific. .. .107%
Erie . 38%, Union Pacific pfd. 94%
Erie 1st pfd.. 70% U S Steel ......... 4OV4
Erie 2d pfd 54 US Steel pfd.... 91%
Illinois Central ..15tt Wabash 28
L&N ..141 Wabash pfd ..46>4
M, K & T 27% Spanish Fours ... 80
M, K & T pfd 60 .
Bar Silver, uncertain. 24%d per ounce. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks ara, as fol
lows, usual' discount to the' 'trade: ,
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal,
$2 75;, Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do. $4? Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy. $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flomy. $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, S4 50; / Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@«; m
sacks. $6 85@8 50; Pearl. Barley. $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; ; GreetKPeas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. .
FLOUR— California . Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, . usual terms ; i Bakers', Extras; $3 40@3 50 ;
Oregon. $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers'; [Washington Bakers'." $30
3 so., • ¦ :-J , I'-.:- _• '.. ¦: ,.,-'. ; '
Flour and Millstuffs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, - FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
THE COAST RECORD.
8
Pays l4ne for Killing Deer.
The Fish Commissioners report that D.
J. Friedberg of Skaggs Springs visited
Healdsburg yesterday and seeking out
Justice of the Peace Provlne voluntarily
entered a plea of guilty of killing deer
and paid a line of $23. Some of the com
mission's deputies notified Ell Hall, Fried
berg's father-in-law, that fresh deer hides
had been found on his farm and that if he
did not discover the offender he would be
brought to account for having them In
his possession.
-. ¦ ? i
_ _ '
Sold Liquor Without License.
Anton Meyer, Lombard and Baker
streets, and August Koehncke, 308 Green
wich street, charged with selling-liquor
without a license, pleaded guilty before
Judge Cabaniss yesterday and were each
fined $50. Louis P. Matkin. Lombard and
Baker streets, and Anton Phillips, Green
wich and Baker streets, charged -with the
same offense, pleaded not guilty and de
manded a trial by jury. Their cases were
continued till July es.
Must Pay- Insurance.
The Supreme . Court decided yesterday
that the Scottjjh Union and National In
surance Company; must pay Archie and
Edith McBrlde $2500 for the destruction
of some of their property by lire. Th«»
policy was made out in the name of
Archie McBride only, and. the insurance
company refused to make payment on the
ground that as there were two owners the
agreement was nullified. . : .
ETATIOKa
S3 33
« S e c
* a " 3
e ?
3 3
a
S3-S^
Chico 82 68
Cloverfiale 90 64
Eureka 66 50
Fresno 86 56
Haaf ord 96 57
HolllEter ,70 43
Independence ..90 C2
LJvermor* 80 48
Los Aneeles 72 66
Merced 95 52
Napa 74 65
Newman 95 53
Palermo 90 63
Porterville 87 54
Red Bluff 90 64
Riverside 85 64
Sacramento .... 78 ' 64
San Diego 64 62
Ban Francisco.. 86 48
6an Jose 77 45
San Luis OMspo 70 52
Santa Rosa 77 ' 45
•VVlllowg 90 €0
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.CO
.00
:oo
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00-
.00
.00
.00"
.00
Clear S
Clear ....
Clear N
Clear W
Clear ....
Clear Nw
Clear 8
Oear
Clear W
Clear NW
Pt.Cldy SE
Clear ....
Clear ....
Clear ' ....
Clear SE
Clear ....
Clear . S
Clear, 8W
• Cloudy . ' W
Clear ....
.Clear W
Clear ....
Clear SE
15
4
12
*8
14
8
30
. 12
'5
BTATTONS.
i
o s S 2 2 5
.8 11|| a= |r I
• c c : - : g
: ? ? : : i
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka ......
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello, Ida
Independence .
Los Angeles .
Phoenix ....
Portland . . . . . .
Bed Bluff ....
Roseburg
Sacramento .
Salt I -a ke
San Francisco
S. I*. Obispo. .
San Diego . ,
Seattle
Spokane
Keah Bay . . .
TValla Walla.
TVinnemucca
Yuina
..29.94 64 52 KW Pt Cldy .00
.29.68 72 44 ICW Cloudy .00
.29.56 78 44 SW Clear .00
.29.92 5C M K Clear .00
.29.S8 !*6 56 W Clear .00
.29.56 82 40 SW Pt Cldy .00
i-29.50 RC «0 -V\ r Pt Cldy .00
•2».46 90 62 S Clear .01
..29.72 72 56 W dear .00
.29.46 104 70 W Clear .00
.29.88 66 50 NW Clear .00
.29.56 90 64 RE Clear .<X)
. .29.82 70 44 N\Y Pt Cldy .00
..29.62 7S 54 R Clear -.00
.29.56 88 64 S Cloudy .02
>.20.74 E6 48 W Cloudy .00
.29.80 70 52 W Clear .00
.29.76 64 62 SVT Clear .00
.29.88 66 46 KW Clear .00
.29.74 70 50 S Cloudy .00
.29.68 58 4S W Clear .00
..29.72 74 50 S Pt Cldy .00
.29.50 S« 50 KTV Clear .00
.29.48 102 68 AV Clear .00
ETATIOKa
S3 33
« S e c
* a " 3
e ?
3 3
a
S3-S^
Chico 82 68
Cloverfiale 90 64
Eureka 66 50
Fresno 86 56
Haaf ord 96 57
HolllEter ,70 43
Independence ..90 C2
LJvermor* 80 48
Los Aneeles 72 66
Merced 95 52
Napa 74 65
Newman 95 53
Palermo 90 63
Porterville 87 54
Red Bluff 90 64
Riverside 85 64
Sacramento .... 78 ' 64
San Diego 64 62
Ban Francisco.. 86 48
6an Jose 77 45
San Luis OMspo 70 52
Santa Rosa 77 ' 45
•VVlllowg 90 €0
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.CO
.00
:oo
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.00-
.00
.00
.00"
.00
Clear S
Clear ....
Clear N
Clear W
Clear ....
Clear Nw
Clear 8
Oear
Clear W
Clear NW
Pt.Cldy SE
Clear ....
Clear ....
Clear ' ....
Clear SE
Clear ....
Clear . S
Clear, 8W
• Cloudy . ' W
Clear ....
.Clear W
Clear ....
Clear SE
15
4
12
*8
14
8
30
. 12
'5
BTATTONS.
i
o s S 2 2 5
.8 11|| a= |r I
• c c : - : g
: ? ? : : i
Astoria
Baker
Carson
Eureka ......
Fresno
Flagstaff
Pocatello, Ida
Independence .
Los Angeles .
Phoenix ....
Portland . . . . . .
Bed Bluff ....
Roseburg
Sacramento .
Salt I -a ke
San Francisco
S. I*. Obispo. .
San Diego . ,
Seattle
Spokane
Keah Bay . . .
TValla Walla.
TVinnemucca
Yuina
..29.94 64 52 KW Pt Cldy .00
.29.68 72 44 ICW Cloudy .00
.29.56 78 44 SW Clear .00
.29.92 5C M K Clear .00
.29.S8 !*6 56 W Clear .00
.29.56 82 40 SW Pt Cldy .00
i-29.50 RC «0 -V\ r Pt Cldy .00
•2».46 90 62 S Clear .01
..29.72 72 56 W dear .00
.29.46 104 70 W Clear .00
.29.88 66 50 NW Clear .00
.29.56 90 64 RE Clear .<X)
. .29.82 70 44 N\Y Pt Cldy .00
..29.62 7S 54 R Clear -.00
.29.56 88 64 S Cloudy .02
>.20.74 E6 48 W Cloudy .00
.29.80 70 52 W Clear .00
.29.76 64 62 SVT Clear .00
.29.88 66 46 KW Clear .00
.29.74 70 50 S Cloudy .00
.29.68 58 4S W Clear .00
..29.72 74 50 S Pt Cldy .00
.29.50 S« 50 KTV Clear .00
.29.48 102 68 AV Clear .00
AUCTION SALES
£s* OCCIDENTAL £^
/tW HORSE EXCHANGE. ***
Bunker Hill Day Sale.
On TUESDAY. June 17 I will sell from th»
PIERCE" S Yerba Buena Stock Farm a con-
signment of DRAFT HORSES weighing from,
1400 to 1600. all purpose and standard trdtters.
brood mares and their foals: and from their
SANTA ROSA STOCK" FARM, standard and
registered trotters, including fine matched
teams, sired by Sidney Dillon (sire of Dolly
Dillon, 2:07). On Stanley 2:17 >,4, Fram 2:14V4.
Diablo 2:09V4, Bay Rose 2:20}i. Director 2:17.
Electioneer. General Benton. etc. Send for
catalogues.
"VVM. G. LAYNG. Livestock Auctioneer.
£^ AU3TI0N SALE— 40 HEAD £^
Gentle broke work and driving horses, con-
signed by A. F. Rooker. Stockton.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
MONDAY. JUNE 16, 11 A. M.' OAKLAND, June 12.— Licenses to marry
wereissued to-day, to Frederick H. Butt
ner,' aged over 21, San Francisco,* and Ella
I. Cardoza, over 18, Sunbl; • Edward .;,T.
Paine, 25, and Clara M. L. Abbe, 24, both
of ' Oakland :" Winiam ¦ J. Kelly, 32,- : San
Francisco, and May B.Enos, 24, Oakland;
Orville M. Tandy, 22, .and Hattie M. Byas,
16, both of - Petaluma; : Henry Frank, 52,
Berkeley, ¦ and May B. Carter, 35, Oak
land t r*
Licensed to Marry.
."Although the area of territory covered
by the pest is greater than that at Rose
ville they are not of the "migratory va
riety; hence are'more easily fought. with
the poison. The chief difficulty has been
the limited supply of arsenic, but this has
now been remedied and the work of, de
stroying the grasshoppers is progressing
rai>i<ily t .
BERKELEY, June 12.— Prof essor C. W
Woodworth . of the agricultural depart
ment, ¦' who -was sent down to Exeter, Tu
lare County, ., to combat the , scourge of
grasshoppers, has returned! to Berkeley
and reports that the pest in that district'
is on the wane. He- declares that the re
ports concerning the losses of the agricul
turists in 'the Exeter and'Porterville dis
trict have' been greatly exaggerated.
"Arsenic > mixed* with bran and ' mo
lasses," ; 'said Professor Woodworth, "is
tho method being used down there to kill
the hoppers; and so effectual has been its
use that the swarm is being rapidly deci
mated. . ¦•¦-•• :¦ ¦ •- ; :-,'.;.*.¦¦: . . . ¦
Disappearing.
Grasshoppers ; at Exeter . Are Fast
PEST IS RAPIDLY ABATING.
Besides consuming the cabin the fire de
stroyed a large section of the fence of the
cemetery, besides spreading through 'the
dry grass and endangering many tombs.
L. Garwood and John Lopez, two chil
dren, saw the blaze, -and knowing John
ston was in the cabin rushed toward it.
Johnston was ' so sound asleep that they
could: not awaken him, so they carried
the old man from the cabin, which a few
moments afterward caved in and was a
mass of embers. Had it. not been for the
thoughtfulness of the lads Johnston
would have been incinerated. • - . .¦
! NEVADA CITY, June 12.— That Ben
Johnston, a pioneer gravedigger, was not
cremated this afternoon was due to the
heroic efforts of two boys^ Johnston lived
in a cabin near Pine- Grove cemetery.
After eating his dinner . the gravedigger
lay down to rest, falling into, a sound
sleep.' In the meantime the cabin caught
fire. ••:•: - - : ' '¦ ' ' . .
Young Clark acted as second. for Man
gan, while a friend of ¦ ex-Congressman
Campbell's . son acted for the boy. Both
combatants' have left : town for a whil9
until the affair blows over. '
Later at night W. A. Clark called on
Campbell and told him he would have to
fight Mangan. When the boy's father
heard of It , he told him to accept the
challenge, and -about a dozen friends of
both men drove several miles out into the
country, where a ring was formed. The
men stripped and a short but bloody bare
fist fight followed. Young Campbell was
game and landed often, but., did ; little
harm,' while the trained .athlete and
pugilist hammered the boy up bcUHyan 1 !
finally knocked him out in : the third 1
round. :
BUTTE, Mont., J.une 12.— The old bitter
ness which resulted from the fight made
on Senator Clark in .Washington a few
years . ago, in | which ex-Congressman
Campbell was a leading" figure, had a sen
sational afterclap in Butte last night. W,"
A. Clark Jr. and his friend William G.
Mangan, an amateur pugilist, were at
tending a game of ball in the afternoon
and chanced to have a seat near Roy
Campbell, son of the ex-Congressman. A
studious effort was made. by Mangan to
insult young Campbell, and ho finally
asked him • for a cigarette, . for which ha
offered him a half-dollar. Campbell
laughed the matter off, but when Man
gan .threw a dollar at him and ordered
him to bring some drinks for the crowd
tho young fellow resented it and knocked
Mangan down. It is claimed that the
whole scheme was a Job put up on young
Campbell.
FORCES A BOY
INTO A FIGHT
CHILDREN SAVE
A GRAVE DIGGER
|- A list of the newest books will be mailed
uy Cooper & Co., 746 Market street, ?
NEW YORK, June 12.— The following
Californlans are in New York: .
From San Francisco — P. Sellg and J.
Fay, at the Herald Square; Miss J. Fra
zer, at the Cadillac; Dr. J. Ballard, at the
Manhattan; Miss M. D. Barber and Miss
J. C. Worn, at the Westminster; H. C.
Bliss, at the Morton; P. Lamly and wife
and M. Huntington, at the Imperial; J. P.
Meehan and wife, at the Victoria; J.
Joost, at the Union Square; H. Kolb at
the Broadway Central; W.McMurray at
the Murray Hill; C. W. Rosenbaum and
wife, at the Plaza; Mrs. W. L». -Vincent
and M. Vincent, at the Albemarle.
From Santa Barbara— H. R. Vail, at the'
Imperial.
From San Diego— L. R. Kirby, at the
Navarre. ' ;. V, • • ,. -• ¦:
From Oakland— Mrs. McLenagau, at the
Netherland. I • ¦ , . . . , .,
Calif oxnians in New York.
This new contract cancels the one en
tered into in March of last year between
the Pacific Mail, the Pacific Steam Navi
gation and the Chilean Company, so far
as traffic north of Panama is concerned.
It te understood that contracts affecting
traffic south of Panama are now being
considered by the Pacific Mail and Pan
ama companies.
NEW YORK, June 12.— Announcement
was made to-day that a three years' con
tract had been, signed by_ the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company and the Panama
Railroad Company, by the terms of which
the first-named company will have con
trol of traffic originating at and destined
to points on the Pacific coast north of
Panama. The agreement becomes oper
ative at once so far as it affects coast
wise traffic along both coasts. Respecting
foreign traffic, the i agreement goes into
effect at the expiration of ninety days.
PACIFIC MAIL COMPANY
SIGNS A NEW CONTRACT
x^ AL £.? UREAU - 1406 ° STREET. N:
J n . WASHINGTON. June 12._BIshop
Blenk of Porto Rico conferred with Secre
tary Hay to-day regarding the return of
what were formerly the convent lands ot
the Roman Catholic church. During the
Spanish occupation and before the Ameri
can invasion the buildings and lands of
two convents were seized . and put to
military use by the Spanish. Upon sur
render this property (one of the convent3
il>y alued at *70,000 and the other at $100.
000) was seized by the United States.
Bishop Blenk, on behalf of the Roman
Catholic church, recently appealed to Gov
ernor Hunt to return the property to the
church. Governor Hunt considered the
application with considerable favor, but
he was of the opinion that as Governor
he was not vested with authority sufficient
to make a decision. He referred Bishop
Blenk to the State Department. - -
The claim appears to be clear, and the
probability Is that Secretary Hay will rep
ommend to Congress that j the property
be restored to the church.
Special DJspatch to The Call.'
CHICAGO. June lS-This was the hot
test day of the year, the mercury touch
ing 91 degrees. There were four prostra
tions, one proving fatal. A violent wind
storm swept over the city to-night, blow-
Ing down trees and signs.
Chicago's Hot Wave.
The injured: Joe Barker, mail clerk, se
rious; Fred Thatcher, baggagemaster, se
rious; R. R. Stover, mail clerk, serious;
A. W. Clark, mail clerk, serious, but will
recover. / ¦
The passengers escaped with a shaking
up and a few bruises.
GEORGE ROLLINS, engineer of the ac
commodation train; died after being re
moved to the hospital.
L. A. RANKIN, fireman of the accom
modation train.
JAMES BERNHARDT, fireman of the
fast mall.
EXPRESS MESSENGER WEBB, of the
fast mall.
GEORGE RAY, engineer of the fast
mail.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., June 12.— Five
men were killed and about fifteen injured
In a collision between the fast mail from
Nashville and the Jasper accommodation
train on the Nashville, Chattanooga and
St. Louis Railway, this afternoon, between
Hooker and Summit, small stations about
twelve miles from this city. The dead:
ASKS RETURN
OF THE LANDS
tor general; D. A. Sinclair, chairman of pa
rade committee.
. Second division — Marshal, D. H. McLaugh-
Third division — Marshal. C. M. Hardaker;
aids. Fred Seulbercer, Dr. H. P. Travers, J.,
C. Toomey; band; League of the Cross Cadets,
lin; aids, G. Ewing, Edwin Stearns: Calla
han' s Cornet Band: Elks' float; members of
Oakland Lodge, No. 171, B. P. O. E. and vis
iting brothers: 'Elks' lions: Elks' outriders.
Masters Simmons; Native Sons of the Golden
West float: Piedmont Parlor, No. 120; city and
county officials; Athens Camp, Woodmen of the
World, No. 457. float. •
PROMINENT OFFICERS OF THE
ELKS' CARNIVAL AND A SCENE
ON THE FAIR GROUNDS.
that time will fall in on left of line.
Headquarters of the grand marshal during
the formation of divisions will be at the north
we J t corner of Broadway and Third streets
Route of Procession — Broadway to Sixth to
Washington to Fourteenth. Four
)£?£.» to Br ° adway . Broadway to Seventh,
W«^tn"JTo arCh w 0 v FoUrteenth ' F ° u rteenth to
Washington, Washington to Eleventh street
west on Eleventh street to fair grounds."
Formation of Parade— The police will form
on Broadway right resting on Third street
facing west;, first division on Third street, right
resting on 1 Broadway, facing north; second divi
sion on Third street right resting on Broad way
facing south; third division on Fourth street'
right resting on Broadway, facing north- ro«rth
division on Fourth street, right r«stin# on
? t ™ dw *V aCln F 8Outh: flfth dlvlslon^on Kif^C
street, right resting on Broadway, facing north
m^ f 1^ 06 — Oakland Police force. St Clair
8W&SS SBBSBSiS ol • ss -
First division — Marshal T v t>~
,J. W. Mathews. J. SeulSrirer •*•!«? » y: . '""•
Band; Second BattaTion #i f t'h Infant'" 1 ' 1 ! 1
ment. Second Brigade N G r w « try « re ?'"
N°o m r y G G A ca R pta j2 i *W%™ ] &ss£
decorated automobiles- cl^ e J o C ° mmandln »:
Max Schleuter. director' generate? »?£ n . tal . nln «
fair and carnival; Hon G r t?1 ks street
ruler Oakland Lodge. No m : B P^n e^ aU ?, d
J. Heeseman. Guy C. SmUh^assfsta^s^o^rec:
BOTH CREWS DIE
IN BAD SMASHUP
The Elks will have their parade on Mon
day night full of grotesque features, and
The White Highbinders will make their
parade spectacular. There will be the
big dragon, a block long, and hundreds of
the members of Alameda, Oakland and
San Francisco tongs of this order In
line. ¦ •
The White Highbinders will parade on
Saturday night, and on Monday night
will be the Elks' parade. The opening
parade will be serious in every feature.
There will be military, floats and uni
formed and uniniformed organizations of
all kinds.
These last days are days of work and
orders. The managers, committees and
workers have their hands full, and are is
suing orders and -notices for the informa
tion of the public.
There will be three parades on as many
succeeding nights.
orators have been at work on the fair
g-rounds finishing the work. The gates
have been closed to the public, and the
concessioners are at work finishing their
exhibits and putting up their decorations.
More than 1000 men are at work on the
grounds, and it is expected that by Sat
urday everything will be in readiness.
The fair wil lnot be open to the public
until Saturday, though, the opening pa
rade will be held to-morrow night. The
opening parade was changed from Satur
day night to Friday night in order to ac
commodate the merchants of Oakland,
but this does not change the date of the
opening of the fair. The parade will
meander about town, and will disband in
the fair grounds, but the general public
will not be admitted until Saturday.
Batteries— Yerkes and Ryan; Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpires — Power and Brown.
For the First Time This Season Napo
leon Joie Fails to Make
a Hit.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
DETROIT. June 12.— Errors by Casey and
Teager in the second innirur, followed by three
hits, a base on bails and a hit batsman, gave
Baltimore eix runs and the came. Umpire
fc-heridan'6 decision* provoked an almost, con
etant demonstration. Attendance, 2700. Score:
Detroit 3
Baltimore - 9
No hits or error« eiven. Called on* account
of darkness. Batteries — Yeager and McGulre;
Howell and Robinson.
CHICAGO. June 12.— The Chicacos made
enougii rur.s to win to-day in the second.
After tu-o cuts. "Winter* hit a batsman and
made a. wild throw, the two misplavs being
followed by a stnele and a three-bagsrer. At
tendance, 3500. Score :
Clubs— R. h. E.
Chicago 5 jo l
Boston 2 7 3
Batteries — Callahan and McFarland; Win
ters, Warner and Crig«r.
CLEVELAND. June 12.— Fultr" error and
Bradlej-'s eingle in the sex-enth inning XB.xe
Cleveland a victory over Philadelphia. It was
the first time this season that La Joie failed
to make a hit. Attendance. 3000. Score:
Clubs— R. H . E.
Cleveland 5 a «
Philadelphia '. 4 7 4
Eatteries — Moore and Wood; Hustlng and
Powers.
ST. LOUIS, June 12. — After two outs In the
cinth inning Washington landed hard on Reldy
and batted in three runs. Pitcher Harper to
day received notice ot indefinite suspension for
his conduct toward Umpire Carruthera at Bal
timore iast week. Attendance, 1US5. Score:
Clubs — R_ H. E.
St. Louis 8 13 2
Washington 9 16 2
Batteries — SudhofI, Reidy and Sugden; Car
rick and Clarke.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, June 12.— Cincinnati won
hands down to-day. Voorhees was retired after
the first on account of wildness. Iburr, whG
succeeded him. was hit hard. Attendance, 1300.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati 12 16 0
Philadelphia 3 7 5
Batteries — Thielman and Peitz; Voorhie6,
Iburr and Dooin.
BOSTON. June 12. — Boston won in the
eighth innine. when Williams 1 wildness.
coupled with some onuortune hittimr by Bos
ton, crave the team three runs and the game.
Chicago's only run was scored on a single, a
fumble and a wild pitch. Attendance, 3100.
Score :
Clubs- R. h. E.
Boston 3 7 1
Chicago 1 4 ¦ .' 2
Batteries — Wilson and Kittredse: P. Wil
liams and Klin*. Umpire — Cantillon.
BROOKLYN, June 12.— Fast playlnjr on the
part of the Pittsburg team defeated the Brook
lyns at Washington Park to-day. Attendance,
&5C0. Score :
Clubs— r. h. E.
Plttsburg 5 6 1
Brooklyn 0 5 6
Batteries — Chesbro and O'Connor; Newton
and Ahearn. Umpire — O'Day.
NEW YORK. June 12.— The New York* on
the Polo Grounds to-day defeated the St. Louis
team by a score of 6 to L Under the direction
of the new rr.anacer. George Smith, who cov
ered second hF.se. the home team did error
less work in the field. Attendance, 3300. Score:
Clubs— r. H . E .
Ft. Lou is ....................... 1 9 1
New York 6 12 0
riTCHER HARPER RECEIVES
NOTICE OF HIS SUSPENSION
First race, one mile — Dandola won, Andy
Williams second, Blenaenworth third. Time,
1:45 4-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Foxy
Kane won, Farmer Jim second. Kins' a Lady
third. Time. :35 3-5.
Third race, seven furlongs — Six Shooter ¦won.
Scarlet Lily second. Carl Kahler third. Time,
1:29%.
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth — Her
mencia won, Luclen Appleby second. Prowl
third. Time. 1:57.
Fifth race, five furlongs — High Chancellor
won. Von Rouse second, Mirance third. Time,
1:02%.
Sixth race, one mile — Last Knight won. \a»
saldance second Pyrrho third. Time, 1:44.
Seventh race, one mile — Trentham won, Thur
low second, Lavator third. Time. 1:44.
CINCINNATI, June 12.— Latodla results:
First raca, seven furlongs — Eleven Bells won,
Sim W. second. J. J. T. third. Time, 1:28%.
Second race, five furlongs — Laura Lighter
won, Watona -second, ilaghone third. Time,
1:01%. • - - « ¦ '- -Z*,
Third race, one mile — Boaster won. Judge
Durrell second, Remp third. Time, 1:40%. -..
Fourth race, Gentlemen'siCup, mile and «ev~
enty yards — Secundus won. Masterful second,
Nels Morris third. Time. 1«1%.
Fifth race, handicap, six furlongs — Jack Rat
lin won, Premus second. Trinity Bell third."
Time. 1:13 3-5.
Sixth race, five f urlonzs — Alark wen. " The ;
Picket second, 'Amaros third. Time, 1:0254. .
NEW YORK. June 12.— Gravesend results:
First race, high weight handicap, about Jix
furlongs — Monte Carlo won, St. Barn&by sec
ond, Eddie Busch third. Time, 1:14.
Second race, selling, mile and seventy yards—
Shandonfield won. Alack second, Bessie Mc-
Carthy third. Time. 1:48.
Third race, the Tremont stakes, for two-y«ar
olfls.' about 3lx furlongs — Artvis won. White
chapel second. Fire Eater third. Time, 1:12.
Fourth race, the Brooklyn Derby, for three
year-olds, one mile and a half — Major Daln
gerfield won. Homestead second. Kins Han
over third. Time, 2:37;
Fifth, race, five Xurlongs — Glorlosa won. Fa-,
.tima second. Wartenlcht third. Time, 1:014-5.'
Sixth race, handicap, . mile and a quarter —
Colonel Bill won. Himself second, Vincentor
third. Time. 2:00 3-5.
Seventh race, ' five furlongs — Mount Hope
won, Mary McCafferty second, Pin« Brook third. '
Time. 1:021-5.
BUFFALO, N. T., Jun« 12.— Fort Brie re
sults:
• First race, seven furlongs— Hutch Miller won.-
St. Wood second, Ocie Brooks third. Time,
1:20%. . . ¦ - .-»'.:
Second race, six furlong — Opuntla won. Mir
age second, Mazzara third. Time, 1:16%.
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Laura
F. M. won. Stand Pat second, Loud third.
Time. :56%. . -
Fourth race, one mile — Annie Lauretta won, .
Tlpgallant second. Pick Time third. Time, 1:42.
Fifth; race, six furlongs — Presgrave won. •
Flaneui- second. New Amsterdam third." Time.
1:15%.
Sixth race, steeplechase handicap, short
course — Lord Farandol won, Wetna K. second.
Hawk third. Time, 3:01%.
mary:
First race, mile and twenty"yards, selling—
Varr.er won, Jim Turner second, Kate Freemaa
third. Time. 1:44 Vi.
Second race, .mile and twenty yards, selling —
Ignis won. Gilbert second, Ladas. third. Time,
1:43*4- ¦ • " - . • ..
Third race, six " furlongs, ¦ selling — Father
Weatker won, Gallantrie second, Louis Wagner
third. Time. 1:15.
Fourth i race, six furlongs, two-year-olds,
purse — Fore and Aft won. Lacy Crawford »ec
ond, Maxette third. . Time, 1:15 U. ,. • . •
Fifth race, mile and twenty yards, selHnc—
Guide Rock won.' W. B. Gates second, Onaa
third. Time. 1:42%.
Sixth race, six furlongs.* selling — Hy Lo won.'
John Grigsby second, . Lou Ann third. Time,
1:15%. , . ¦ . ...
CHICAGO. June 12.— Harlem results:
Major Daingerfleld Passes First.Un
der the Wire in. the Brooklyn.
.-.;; - Derby.
ST. LOUIS, June 12.— Fair- ground* turn*
ARTVIS WINS TREM0NT /
; :-f 'STAKES AT GRAVESEITD
Company E, Captain J. A. Kennedy; Company
F, Captain M. F. Hynes: float. •"Fraternity":
.. T. M. L; Oakland Council, No. 6; American'
; Council, No. -8; California Council. No. 24;
Retail Clerks' Association; electric float; mem
bers' of , the Association - Golden Gate. Camp,
Modern Woodmen of America; Foresters' drill
team; A. C. Bennett, captain; float; Foresters
of .America. Court United States, No. 12; car
riages containing: chief ranger and officers;
1 float and -members -Woodmen - of the World,
Fruitvale Camp, No. 433; -float.- ¦ ¦ .
"Fourth division — Marshal. J. W. Stetson;
alds-rCharles F. Push, Dr. J. S. Dunn. J. H.
Harrotd; Liberty Company Band No.. 11;
Knights of Pythias; Liberty Company No. 11,
Uniform Rank, K. of P., Captain Cavasuc;
DIrigo Company No. 157, Uniform Rank, K.
of P., Captain Wenk; float;: Knights of Pythias
lodges— Live Oak No. 17, Brooklyn No. 32. Lib
erty No 34, Oakland No. 103, Piedmont No. 172.
Amazon No. 182, West Oakland No. 141, Di
rigo No. 224; Danish societies — float represent
ing the order and the Industries of Denmark.
Oakland Branch No. 1, San Francisco branches
No. 2 and 3 and visiting- members; Portuguese
councils Nos. 8, 14 and 25, U. P. E. C. ; float
' and members.
- Fifth- Division— Marshal," H. S. Diamond;
aids — Fred A. Jordan, Felton Taylor, Charles
D. Bates Jr.; band; Reliance Athletic Club;
float representing athletic sports; Carpenters'
Union No. 30, J. J. Victory commanding-.'Oak
land Wheelmen; decorated wheels and float:
Barhlce Club of East Oakland,' float: Oakland/
Fire Department,- H. A. Ball. Chief of Fire De
partment; Engine Company No." 1 ; Engine Com
pany No. 2; Engine Company No. 3; Truck No.
, 1 ; Chemical Company Jfo. 1 ; automobiles ar.d
carriages. • >£;.' '.;'"O'. " '••,--'.
WANT GROTESQUE PEATXTRES.
Here is the announcement for the Elks'
, parade on Monday night: •--' *
On Monday evening of June 16, by vote of
the lodge, the Elks ' will give a grotesque pa
rade. This will be one of the biggest features
of our coming street fair; and if this parade is
a success it will do more to advertise the fair
than any other one' thing that could possibly
be carried out. • '
Now, it lies with the members of the lodge
to make this parade one of the 'funniest things
ever seen in the streets of Oakland. We call
upon, you individually and rely upon you to'
get up some feature for the parade. - ••> • •
We have already had several funny stunts
handed in; for instance, Messrs. McLauzhlln.
Heeseman and Sloan are going to give a stunt
called "The Wedding." They will have a
hack fixed up with a bride and groom made as
ridiculous as; possible; also a regulation coach
man, and such things as go to make the act
complete and grotesque. We merely quote this
to give you some idea of .what is being done. .
1 We would ask you to hand in any Ideas you
may have, so they may not be duplicated with
any other in the parade. - They will be filed
in the' order they are received. Mr.-.Mc-
Laughlin has a dozen or more funny Ideas that
could b«» worked up. ¦ If you have nothing j^ou
care to put on yourself and w*nt to consult him
in this matter, he will be pleased to. do any
! thing he can to help out or suggest' anything
you might want to put in the parade, , -
. . Costumers will be' in Oakland all week prior
to the 16th with a full line of costumes. This
feature was a howling, success at Sacramento.
Stocktdn, Bakergfleld and Fresno. '• . —
Trusting you will realize the Importance of
making this parade a great succes and that
you will give us an early reply. I remain,
respectfully. D. A. SINCLAIR.
Chairman Parade Committee.:
GREAT SUCCESS PREDICTED.'
A general announcement has been made
by the general committee as follows:
TO OUR CITIZENS.
. The outlook for the Elks' Street Fair Car
nival, of being a great success, is very encour
aging, from every point of view, especially finan
cially. Every stall in the central part of the
grounds has been taken up, and there remains
only a few on the side streets now to be had.
The work of fitting up .the stands, stalls, etc..
is almost completed,' and a large portion of the
stalls now rented are being rapidly, and beauti
fully decorated by their occupants. . j
The general decoration and lighting of the.
grounds, music stands, etc., by the committees
appointed for that purpose, Is being* vigorously
.pushed to completion. '. ':¦*_ ¦¦¦
The committee would . urge upon renters the
desirability of decorating: their stalls at once,
in order that' when the carnival opens on Sat
urday morning everything, may be in place and
no fit t Ins uy -of stalls or arranging of ex
hibits will interfere with the ceremonial and.
enjoyments of the" day, but everything will go
along smoothly from the beginning.
The committee have spared no pains .to 'in-,
sure the citizens of Oakland and" - Alameda
County, as well as our visitors from other por
tions of the State and coast generally, a week
of undiluted pleasure, and respectfully, request
the benefit of their assistance in so doing.
Yours respectfully, • • '
T.HB GENERAL COMMITTEE.
EAST LONDON, Cape Colony, June 12.
The Norwegian bark Atbara, the Swed
ish bark Aurora and the German bark
Eliz Elinick have been wrecked during
a heavy southeast gale. All of the crew
of the Atbara were drowned except tho
captain, who was ashore. The crews of.
the other vessels were saved. The. coast
is strewn with wreckage and portions of
the barks' cargoes. .:" -V.v.-r
The tornado struck the steamer with
out warning and it keeled over to tho
starboard. The crew were thrown into
the water, but some of them managed to
crawl up "on the bottom of the upturned
steamer. Captain Hoy was at the wheel
with all the windows in the pilot-housa
closed, and was caught in a trap.
Clerk Trask was in his office and like
wise had no chance to save himself.
DELIlA., La Crosse.
DUBUOUE, Iowa, June 12.— A tornado
to-day overturned and sank the steamer
Ravenna at Maquotachute, four miles up
the river. The captain and three otheraj
were drowned.
- The dead: < "*-
CAPTAIN HOT. Stillwater. Minn.
CLERK BYRON TRASK, Stillwater.
LEWIS WALKER, Khodes landing.
REDDING. June 12.-With the news of
the death of a beautiful girl, formerly of
Bedding, at Spokane, comes also the story
cf the remarkable romance of the lives of
tier long separated and now reunited par
ents. Great happiness came after twenty
j ears only to be dissipated by the unex
pected death of the daughter.
Back in Ohio twenty-one years ago
Jialpn McAlpine, a boy of 19. fell in love
with a girl of 17, and their parents con
sented to the wedding. Affairs went not
emoothly for the boy and soon after a
t>aoy girl was born he resolved to come
i £ l ?r make a. fortune for his wife and
toe' lV e kissed them eood-by and came
Fortune did not smile on the young man
tnd soon pride prevented his writing home
until he should make a stake. After a
few years young Mrs. McAlpine gave her
husband up for lost, married John Kent
u. er '^ many vears her senior, and moved to
Heading. They were not happy and part
ed. The mother supported herself and
daughter by dressmaking. She neve
ceased to mourn her first husband, McAl
pine, and often talked of him.
A year ago Mrs. Kentner and her daugh
ter moved to Spokane. Several weeks ago
mother and daughter were Xn a restaurant
when the mother saw a man she believed
to be her first husband. Ehe caught his
eye, but he gave no sign. She dropped her
handkerchief and he restored it with a
formal bow. She learned that his name
¦was McAlpine and sent a letter to his ho
tel and he hurried to her. He was the
long-lost husband. In tears he told the
tale of boyish pride and hard luck. When
fortune improved, his letters to Ohio were
pent back. His wife and child had left
there. This spring McAlpine made a large
fortune in a British Columbia mine He
remarried his wife at once and showered
Jewels and luxuries upon his wife and
f 3 a , ugrh L e ,r- , But , the ereat happiness came
late. The daughter was failing in health
and several days ago she died.
Eoecial Dispatch to The Call.
Vessel Keels Over to Star-
board and Quickly
Turns Turtle.-
Husband and Wife Meet by
Accident in a Restau
rant
Captain and Three Mem
bers of the Crew
, Are Drowned.
Girl Dies After Reunion
of Long Separated
Parents.
ELKS' STREET FAIR READY TO OPEN AND OAKLAND
IS RESPLENDENT IN GORGEOUS CARNIVAL COLORS
DEATH INTRUDES
ON A ROMANCE
TORNADO STRIKES
A RIVER STEAMER
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1902.
'¦ Charles -Hoffman .'was convicted by
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of dis
turbing the pease, and will be sentenced
to-morrow. He drove . a victoria at a
reckless speed - Into a . crowd of men
women and children af Powell and Mar
ket streets Tuesday night after the Shri
ners' procession had pass"ed. The police
were unable to locate the man who grab
bed the reins, ' and was : struck at by
Hoffman with his whip.
Hoffman Is Convicted.
Russell R. Stedman, the Enquirer em
ploye, whose affidavit is so incriminating,
was recalled early this morning to finish
up his testimony, 'which was immaterial,
and M. L. i Hadley , business manager - of
the Enquirer, rounded out the day by ex
plaining the methods in. vogue in his of
fice in regard to. printing. The interro
gations will go on . to-morrow morning. ¦
Oakes reiterated the, story he told in
his affidavit, that he assigned his de
mand - for S1575 for books against the
county to. J. B. Lanktree, received a
check for that amount,' less $75 discount,
and then turned . it over to - Daniels. He
declares he never, knew whether . • the
booKs were delivered. Oakes is under
stood to have shifted the onus of the
whole transaction upon the shoulders
of Dalton. who, he says, got the money,
and not Daniels. He says Dalton took
that means of collecting a portion of the
money the Assessor loaned him to buy a
printing press. - \ -. " .'¦ .-.->¦ ¦ •¦ ,; -
. To carry out the legal formalities Dep
uty Sheriff Boyer served the subpoena
on Oakes In the courtroom and he waited
his turn to be called. "While waiting for
the summons the editor explained that he
had been visiting his brother in Salinas
Valley, and did not know he was wanted.
Unheralded, George A. Oakes, editor of
the Haywards Journal, who has been » a
much-sought man since the Grand Jury
began to inquire into the so-called Dan
iels-Dalton conspiracy, walked into the
Courthouse conspiracy, walked into the
Grand Jury that he was ready to let Its
members lire questions at him.
Oakland Office of San Francisco Call,
• 1118. Broadway, June 12.
OAKES EXPLAINS
TO GRAND JURY
OAKLAND, June 12.— Oakland
blossomed, out In carnival colors
to-day, and to-night the electric
lights -were turned on for the
first time. To-morrow night will
be the opening parade, and on
Saturady afternoon at 1 o'clock
the Elks Carnival and Street Fair .will be
opened to the public.
For the first time in the history of Oak
land general electric decorations have
been made. Heretofore the only decora
tions that have been attempted in Oak
land for any public event have been bunt
ing and flags, but for the Elks* Fair a
general scheme of electric lighting has
been attenuated in imitation of that now
in San Francisco for the Shrlners. The
streets of the city are hung with strings
of electric lights, and the City Hall is
outlined in electricity. Nearly every
store in the city is hung with the carnival
colors, the purple of the Elks and the
gold and white of the fair.
While the merchants have been deco
rating, thousands of carpenters and dec-
the various members and committees are
trying to outdo each other in weird ideas.
The following announcement has been
made of the orders and arrangements for
the opening parade I Friday night by
Grand Marshal George E. de Golia and
his chief of staff, F. J. Lea.
. OAKLAND. June 12, 1902.
Headquarters Elks' Street Fair and Carnival
Committee. General Orders No. 1.
The duties Imposed upon the grand marshal
of the parade to be held In this city on the
evening of June 13 in honor of the Elks Street
Fair and Carnival render it necessary to make
the following announcement for the information
of those who will participate In the parade and
fdr the public generally. .--¦¦.•¦. .-.-.- ¦'•¦» ..-.
Aids to the grand marshal will report mount
ed to the chief of staff at 7 o'clock p. m., north
east corner Fourteenth and Broadway. Invited
guests will assemble at the Mayor's office. City
Hall, at 7 p. m. sharp, where they will be re
ceived by the reception committee -. < - .
The various divisions are expected to be in
their assigned position at 7:15 p. m. -Marshals
of divisions -will report promptly to the chief
of staff through an aid when their divisions
are formed.
The order to advance will be given at 7:30
o'clock; organizations not prepared to march at
9
BOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
John J. Murphy, of 1604 Turk street
marine engineer, identified with the Fire
Department for twenty-five years as a
regular and two years as a substitute
connected with engines at Companies No'
4, 10 and 26, says: "A quarter of a cen-
tury spent as a fireman Is decidedly hard
on ttte constitution and this may account
for a derangement or a sluggish condi-
tion of my kidneys which has annoyed
me for some time. It struck me while
reading advertisements about Doan's
Kidney Pills if they performed half what
they promised they might help me, and I
went to the Owl Drug Co., 1126 Market
street, for a box. They were just the rem-
edy I required. Since the treatment my
general health has been much better. I
am averse to public notoriety, but you
can use my statement or send anyone
to me for a personal endorsation of it,
because a remedy whJch acts as repre-
sented should be known to everybody."
For sale by all dealers, price 50 cents
per box. Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N.
1'.. sole agents for the United States
Remember the name— Doan's— and take
to other t ,
The Mistake la Made br Many San
Franciico Citizen*.
Don't mistake the cause of backache.
To be cured you must know the cause'
It is wrong to imagine relief 1b cure.
Backache is kidney ache.
You must cure the kidneys.
A San Francisco resident tells you how
this can be done.
ALL WROIG.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
How About
Your Heart
Fciel your puke a few minutes.
Is it regular? Are you short of
breath, after slight exertion
as going up stairs, sweeping,
walking, etc? Do you have
pain in left breast, side or
between shoulder blades, chok-
ing sensations, fainting or =
smothering spells, "inability to
lie on left side?. If you have
any of these symptoms you
certainly have a weak heart,
¦ and should immediately, take
Miie^ Heart Cure
. Mr. F. H. Oaks of Jamestown, N. Y*
¦ " -whose genial face appears above,' says:
"Excessive use of tobacco seriously
affected my heart I suffered severe
pains about the heart, and in the left
shoulder and side; while the palpitation
would - awaken me from my sleep. . 1
began taking Dr. Miles' Heart Core
and soon found permanent relief.*.
Sold by m.11 Drusxlsts.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
I 'THE' SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1902.
10
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Fr—cUeo
Cr !!. comer of Market and Third streets; open
cntll 12 o'clock every right ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— C27 Montgomery street.
corner C2ay: open until 9:30 p. rn.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
<<38 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. _
CIS Lark'.n street: open natll 8:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
S26X Ilarket street, corner Sixteenth; open
natil 9 p. m.
JC6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
iCOC Valencia street: open until 8 p. m.
Northwest comer Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ftreets; open until 3 p. xn.
22C0 FlKmore street: open ontll 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Comman<Jery No. 1. K.
T.. S Post ct. — Regular assembly "rip 5
THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, 7:30 ljjl
o'clock; ell fraters cordially invited. SS'
By order of the commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123. I. O. O. F. s£_«&r.
—Ail members are tarnestly re- §§5SS?S£
quested to attend punctually at
8 o'clock THIS <FRIDAY) 'w"*
EVENING, June 13 and fraternally receive
the * r eteran Odd Fellows, who will honor
us w'th their presence; visitors cordially In-
vlted W. H. GIBSON. N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS. Rec. Sec.
FAIRMOUNT Lodge No. 10S. K. of iff"
P.— 20-3d ranks THIS (FRIDAY) lf&
EVE.; Bay City team will confer 3ratV^
the work. R. E. LANE. M. of F. .£_»?
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. j££%7$&&.
15 K. O. T. M.— Review /£££7£~Z&&\
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- /3S5 ,£$ t^g
ING at 8 o'clock. Pioneer G*3J| ftXtsil!
Hall. 24 Fourth st. V2fUM&%59
H. H. CASTLE, XVSS&JST/S/
Record Keeper. NggggSy
FUNERAL Notice — Members of Pacific Parlor
No 10 N. S. G. W.. will assemble at N. S.
G W. ' Hall. 417 Mason St.. at 1 :20 p. m..
SUNDAY June 15, to attend funeral of our
deceased brother. PAUL SCHOENWALD;
cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery. By order.
ROLAND M. ROCHE, President.
JOHN MILLER. Secretary.
AGENTS^JWAJTTEDj
TWO experienced agents for country. Apply
at once. Royal Portrait Co.. 143 7th St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R W. KING. Btty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnereblps, attachments, collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's: call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without Buccese: established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: phone Mint S65. 819 Market st.
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing; private divorce a specialty.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEN, attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Cluni» bldg.. 503 California at.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
K»t st.; consultation free; no fees ln advance.
illCYCLES— For Sale or Exehanse.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Urkin, 305 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
BO ARpiNG FOR CHILDREN.
ONE or two children to board; good home; best
of care; reasonable. 895 Oak St., Alameda.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS ct all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A— $1300; SALOON established many years.
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $750; PARTNER wanted ln manufacturing
business; article sold in every grocery store;
big money in sight. Call B, G. WILKE.
2(i Kearny st.
A — $250; OYSTER and chop bouse on Larktn
et.; rent $16; good location and good busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rocms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying* business; rare chance for
man and wife. B, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $550; CANDY, ice cream and notion store,
with 4 living rooms; rent $15; a splendid loca-
tion and good paying business in Western Ad-
dition. See R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny et.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar. with liv-
ing-rooms; rent $42; best location on Leav-
enworth St.; good paying. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A$2650; RESTAURANT; close to Chronicle
bldg.; rent $75; a first-class paying business.
Particulars K. G. WILKE. 36% Kearny st.
JOSEPH STRAUB. *~
A — Old established wine house; large bar and
outside trade; horses, wagon; owner retiring.
A — Country peddling outfit complete; good op-
portunity for any one; particulars of route.
A— Old-established saloon near Hall of Justice.
A — Grocery and bar on Mission st. ; owner go-
ir.g in some other business.
4 — Restaurant in vicinity of Mission and 16th
tts. ; will be sold on account of departure
A— Hotel,country town; stage depot for springs.
* — Bakery and coffee saloon on business street.
A— Butcher shop in the Mission; fine locality;
good trade; horse and wagon; large store.
A — Saloon in wholesale district; all right."
Particulars. JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange all kinds of busl-
ness. STRAND & CO.. 78 Third st.
A — $300— SALOON; good trade; full value- 3
rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO... 78 Third.
A — $125 — BRANCH bakery and delicacy store*
rent $10; 3 rooms. STRAND & CO., 78 Third.
A— $275— CIGAR Etore; Al location; receipts
about $10 day; great bargain. STRAND &
CO.. 78 Third st. -
A PATRON invested $100 with us; his average
' dividends were $5 17 a week; in less than
five months he had drawn" as much ln divi-
dends ae his principal; why not do the same
yuurself? We guarantee you against loss-
dividends are paid every Monday; we have
been doing business for years, and never a
loss; we accept accounts as low as $10- divi-
dend for week ending June 7, $4 88- 'write
cr call for interesting literature. AMERI-
CAN CO-OPERATIVE ASSOCIATION, suite
€15. Emma Spreckels building.
A— $200— Money-making b. bakery,3 rms.,$12 r
f lrir-P elIcaC3r - grocery, bakery. 4 rms.. $15 r.
1-j.OO — Candy, stationery, notions, 3 rms., $20 r
£250— Variety store, 2 rooms. $15 rent.
Atk Hecges. 461-462 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
¦A— 30 cisar etands. prices $75 to $2000; rents
So to $125 monthly; profits $2 to $7 dally. Afck
C. L. Hedges. 461-462 Parrott bldg., £25 Mkt.
BENTTSTS — A fine opportunity to secure a
rood practice; fixtures complete; fine offices;
Ceslrabje location; owner leaving the city
end wi;l eor_£lder a reasonable offer.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
j 817 Market et.. bet. 5th and 6th.
A— SC50; PARTNER wanted for plain office
work and do collecting In old established
business; clears $300 per month; with well-
known, practical, responsible man; Investi-
gate and ba convinced. Apply P. S DE
LUCA & CO.. 318 Kcarny st.
$350— PARTNER wanted in Market-st. saloon-
clearing $150 month. BROWN. 1221 Market.'
f S50 — RESTAURANT on Market Bt. : clearing-
$100 month; sickness. BROWN. 1221 Market
$100— WANTED— Partner for pool and billiard
parlor, cigar store and laundry office See
party 6S8 Fourth st.
WANTED — At once, eood man to accompany
take equal Interest with me to work placer
claims at Nome. Alaska; owned by advertis-
er; fine chance; good terms. For interview
box 247, Call office. " '
fSSOO— Commercial hotel on leading business
etreet. clearing $650 monthly net: whole or
half interest; partner going to Europe- no
agents. Box 27P. Call office.
f2000 — HEALTH resort boarding-house in hills
Placer Co.; 22 acres; timber, house and tent-
frnshd.; 6prlr.g, well; 100 bearing fruit trees-
etablee. 2 horses, wagon, cow, calf. S57, Call!
PARTNER wanted with $15,000 to invest in
good paying sailing ehip business; parties
have 5 ships. Box 4623. Call orflcel
$450— RESTAURANT south of Market St., mid-
dle machine shop district; doing good bus),
ness. Box 1022, Call office. .
FOR sale; reasonable; patent of a flrst-clasi
liniment, with stock on hand. Call or ad-
drefs MRS. A.. 415A Third Bt.. S. F.
A— $750 — CANDY and ice cream parlor Room
309. 027 Market st.. bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
$300— RESTAURANT worth $600: must sell at
once. Address box 1001. Call office.'
RESTAURANT for sale at 6C6 Fourth rt.
FOR SALE— Established 30 years; laakery; on
account of \iea.th. Apply Call office.
ROUTE ln Western Addition; building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Eox 1792. Call.
A WEEK'S newe for 5 cents — Tbe Weekly Call,
16 pases, in wrapper lor mailing, $1 per year.
LOST A»P FOTJXp.
LOST — A passbook with Tha Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In th»
name of MARY CALDWELL. No. 46-673.
The finder will please return to bank.
lost — Gold locket: single diamond center;
monogram G. H.; .liberal reward. Address
box 1002. Call office. ' ¦
PLEASE return picture taken from 1310 Jack-
son st. to be enlarged to 1326 Pine st. MRS.
MeCOY.
LOST — Fox terrier bitch: black and yellow spot
over right eye. 420 Hermann- St.: reward.
LOST — Wednesday afternoon: gold breastpin,
pan, pick and shovel; reward. 1243 Union st.
I LOST— Black an^ tan dog; please return to
j 731 Chestnut St.; reward.
I LOST — On Sunday, June 8. on overland train.
j Oakland boat or Callfornia-st. car line, a
leather valise, containing camera, toilet ar-
.ticles and drafts. Finder rewarded at 1433
California st. (Wellesley Hotel).
LOST — A pass book- with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in ths
name of MICHAEL JAMES KEELIN: No.
250-211. The finder will please return to
bank. _____^
LOST — White bull terrier pup with collar,
name and address on It. Return to 1649 How-
ard st. ; reward.
LOST — Fox terrier bitch; black and yellow
spot over right eye. , 420 Howard st. ; reward.
LOST— Black fur boa. about Eighth and Mar-
ket. Please return 621 York St.; reward.
LOST — During parade, sealskin cape, mink col-
lar and tails. 603 Baker St.: reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. need3 old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
Brass, iron beds; mattresses: pillows: window j
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Ml3slon:tel.Main 730.
MEDICAL. ___
A — ALL former patients of MRS. DR. GWYER
wili be glad to know she has returned to San
Francsico and opened offices for the relief of
those suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
morphine or liquor habits. Those consulting
her will be assured . of careful and honest
treatment. Consultation and advice free. Pri-
vate home for patients. Hours. 10 to 12 a. m.,
"" 2 to 5 and 7 to S p. m. Sundays by appoint-
ment only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to of-
fices. 1504 Market St.. rooms 25 to 23. City
Hall square. Over Good Fellows* Grotto.
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned sp-clal- •
1st. — Ladies, all who are sick or In trouble-,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; tha unfortunate helped; relief fn all
cases taken; the most difflcult cases treated j
have relieved thousands of most obstinata
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G W. CDOV-
NFLL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 3th.
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises th»
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and enring female complaints; ladies all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007% Market st.
MRS. DR. KOHL — Well-known, reliable ladias'
special tst; instant relief guaranteed: hoxna in
confinement: hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
.1008% Market St.. opp. 5th and nr. Powell.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist: 30 years' experience; private home li»
confinement. Moved to 72S Post St.. nr. Jonea.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable speclal-
ist; maternity hospital; home for Infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy St.. nr Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable ladles'"
specialist; a private home before and durlns
confinement; best medical care: low fees.
; LADIES — Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store. Clay & Kearoy.
[ LADIES — "Neverfale," Pasteur's celebrated
regulator. $2. Pasteur Med. Co.. S Flood bids.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERB
original method of trgatment. 1128 Market-
' DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. oppostt-I
Union Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND MINING.
SMALL gold mine, with mill; ¦will pay from
tbe start: only small capital required: easy
.terms. THE INVESTORS' AGENCY. 137
Montgomery Bt.. S. F.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new and second-band tent3 to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.f 208 Drumml
A— BUYS,, sells or rents, gear, machinery en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. That
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beala st-
THE public Is warned that the old firm of
Uncle Harris has retired from business.
AN ideal camping wagon for sale at 1322 De-
vtsadero st. '
.GENTLEMAN'S ticket to Baltimore for Fal»
cheap; prevented from going. Box 241, Call.
FOR SALE — Honey bees. 230 Lee avenue.
ENGINES, bollerg. lathes, planers, second-haml
machinery. J. BURKE. l."9 Beale st.
EXTRA fine tents at half price or for rent. H.
E. SKINNER & CO.. 416 Market st.
SECOND-HAND . lumber, sashes, blinds. dooi°3 *
and bricks for sale. Valencia St., cor. 15th. *
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriterg (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS, launches, rowboat3 carried ln stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movln?
picture machines, films. Bacigalupi. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all size3. new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st
1 __— __
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters, SE. cor. 2d & Brannan^
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg Co.. 519 Market st.
_^ ____
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2tl-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also 'gent?"
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.: phone Bush 434.
WANTED — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes,
any condition. Farnsworth Electrical Wka
185 Jessie st. .
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stone«
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st. ; .tet. Jessie 2851.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL makes and grades handled; largest * va-
riety and largest stock. Special bargains, all
uprights: 1
S Stelnway ;..... $05 to $28*
2 Knabe $85 to $110
3 Weber $65 to $130
2 Fischer .......$75 to $155
1 Bourne -.40
Over COCO Heine pianos in S. F. Agents* for
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rent9 and
. installments $2 up.
\ HEINE PIANO CO.,
Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind,
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best maites to choose from
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers!
cor.i Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F.; Broad-
w»r and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS a special offer this week we will mark down
the price of a number of flrst-cla33 Instru-
ments to a point where no one can afTcrd to
buy elsewhere. Wo carry Wlssner Bau-
melster and other choice makes. THE ZE\O
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 760 Market st. *
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlm»
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
\ price; costs yoa only- 20c a day to buy »
piano from us. KOHLER _ CHASE 30
O'Farrell st.; established 1850. V '" AOX " ¦
A CHICKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING.
A Stelnway — A Fischer — A Steck
And ten others from $60 up
A1 i^l sh 3 easy Payments, fully guaranteed.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
OUR pianos, the leading makers- prices 5UX>
U .? w^ : r.y?i u^ 3 best ln city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
$3 PER month— Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st.
Person departing for Germany sacrifice superb
large new 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedat upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister st.. next Hibernia Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 931 Market St.—
Eteck. Everett, Ladwlg and other good ptanos.
SNAP— 2 only," new, $450: high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$250. Brwenn.208Post.
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmec
and other pianos and pipe organs. •
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham placa.
HELP- WANTED— .MALE. ¦
MURJUY.i READY.......;. Main 5848 Phone
.....v..... 634-636 Clay st...... ".."..'.
1 ..Leading Employment and Labor • Agents..
".....¦ Office Ope"n 7 A. M..
...........5000 R. R. Men Wanted. .....
.¦......"..'..'... FREE FARE TO ..........
Salt Lake Division, ; Rokeby, Moleen, Iron
- Point, Battle . Mountain, Palisade, Fenton,
Wells. Carlin, Vista, Reno. Wadsworth, Elko
........SHIP FREE DAILY.... ....
600 teamsters...............'....800 laborers
2C0 laborers, concrete . work; ¦ 65 scraper hold-
ers; 36 car dumpers, drillers and rockmen..
.................. Arizona ...... .V. .... - • • • •
,2 camp blacksmiths 10 teamsters
• Santa Fe Co.'s Work
35 laborers. for company's own work......
...... : Ship daily
All above work. '. .............."...'
... .'.<... -..-.- Free Fare
..-. CARPENTERS ..... .....
CARPENTERS ...;..\.. CARPENTERS
........ MECHANICAL^ HELP
4 carpenters for mine Co.. country. $3 day
and board, free fare both ways; 6 carpenters
to ¦ build boats, and dredgers, country, free
fare both ways/ $90 and found; 2 carpenters,
fare 90c, $90; 3 rough carpenters, Nevada,
fare returned, $90; 2 rough carpenters, city;
.millwright, sawmill, see boss, $50 and
found;* 29 blacksmiths, city and country,
camps and shops; young man to work ln stone
cutting yard; wagon maker for camp, city;
woodworker for camp; 4 blacksmith helpers,
city and country; young man to run rip saw,
city; .3 brick . molders, $75: 6 boys to learn
trades
724 MEN ..
4S DIFFERENT SAWMILL COMPANIES
Sawmills.". .Y. ...... Woods .....Yards
724 men to work . in ' sawmills, woods and
yards, piling lumber, learning to run ma-
chines and make themselves useful; no ex-
perience required: you'll ault; wages $30 to
. $65 and found . . >
— ."..".. Fare paid
EXPERIENCED HELP FOK SAWMILLS
Circular sawyer, ' $85 and found; shingle saw
filer; shingle sawyer; shingle packer, $52 and
found: chain tenders, $45 and found; crosscut
] sawyers, $40; barkers, $40 and found; car-
riage setter for mill in Arizona, $90
. ....LIST OF JOBS READY AT 7 A. M.....
, MISCELLANEOUS
Milk wagon driver, city Job .$40 and found
4-horse teamster, near city... $35 and found
Boy to learn machinist trade; boy to learn
blacksmith trade; 10 stablemen, city and
country; can washer, city milk depot, $10
week; 4 teamsters, city, board home, $2 day;
5 laborers, city factories, $2 day; young man
to drive milk wagon, $30; 5 boys, city factory,
$1 to $1 50 day; 4 men and wives, $40 and $45
and found . :"l
MINES ...... : .
Rockmen '......'..: Laborers
3 miners, single hand...........".... $90
¦ .33 miners, different mines $75 to ?9O
187 laborers, no experience required, to work
around mines, wages $2 day, $40 and $50 and
found; 10 drillers, city job, $2 25; 18 drillers,
near city; 574 laborers for different city and
country jobs, all counties, wages $1 75 to
$2 50 day . .".
... Get Our List — Ready at 7 a. m
HAY AND HARVEST.....
FARMS AND DAIRIES
5 men for harvest fields, $2 day and found;
125 hay and harvest hands, $1 25, $1 50 and
$2 day; 57 farm hands, steady Jobs, $25, $:>0
, and $35 and found ; 50 choremen and chore-
boys, city and country jobs, $15, $20, $25 and
$30 and found; 53 milkers; 3 milkers, Nevada,
fare paid; 6 men to cut, pick and pack as-
paragus, no experience required, $30 and
. found; 5 teamsters for a big ranch, steady
job, $30 and* found : . . ¦.
........... HOTEL BUTCHERS
¦ Ranch cook, see . boss here. $30 and found;
third cook, country hotel, $30 and found; cook
. for men on ranch, $40 and found; young Ger-
man to learn cooking; 15 cook3, city and
¦country hotels and restaurants, $40,. $45, $50
and $ti0 and found; 17 cooks for campaand
ranches, $25 to $50 and found; 2 cooks. Hotels
, in Nevada, fare paid, $50; 10 waiters, $23,
$30 and $40 and found; 6 porters, city and
country hotels; 17 other kitchen hands;
• butcher, small institution, $30 and found: 4
butchers, country shops, $35 and $40 and
; found; waiter, summer resort, $30 and found;
baker, small place, $30 and found; night cash-
ier, city restaurant
-¦ Call and Get Our List of Jobs
Ready at 7 a. m
MURRAY &. READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
....Teamsters and laborers for railroad....
• A TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free Fare .*..... ...r. Free Fare
Of flee fee $1; no other expenses.'
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rock men. ...$2 25. to $2 50 per day
100 concrete men and laborers.. $2 25 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County. ............ . .Big- Sawmill
50 railroad laborers.. $26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY ..FREE FAR-
*.". FOR SAWMILL
10 lumber pliers. .. .$40 per month and board
2 brakemen......' $2 Der day'
HAY HANDS. I -HAY HANDS
10 men for haying, $1 25 to $1 50 per day
and board *
3 milkers : $35 per month and board
3 men to pick fruit $1 a day and board
Blacksmith, horseshoeing $3 per day
2 blacksmith helpers for mlne..$2 25 per day
5 muckers, *old mine.... $2 25 per day
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
• s •) ¦ 638 Clay St.
J Phone 1191.
450 teamsters, concretemen, rockmen and
steam shovel dumpers, $2 25 to $2 50 per day,
To Wadsworth, Rokeby, Battle Mountain,
Reno, Telegraph Point and Carllne. Fee $1
250 railroad men, . S. P. Co. work, for Oak-
land, San Mateo, San Luis Obispo, Edna and
San Ardo, $1 00, $1 70 and $2; section, extra
and concrete gangs; 36 laborers and miners,
north. $2 to $2 25 day.
50 laborers and miners, south... $2 to $2 50
18 quarrymen, free fare $2 per day-
20 tanbark men ."" ,.$2 "per cord
10 men for hay field $125 and found
30 men for Napa Co $2 per day
30 men for Mendocino Co $35 to $40 and fd
IS men, city work $2 per day
Okiilkers and dairymen. Plumas Co ,
. ." $30 and $35 and found
' B milkers for Madera Co $30 and found
5 carpenters $3 50
Cooks, .waiters and dishwashers. .$10 „ to $60
per month. Many other positions. Call and
,read our bulletin.- ¦ ¦ ••
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush st.'
j .'...Between Kearny st. and Grant ave
. . - . Opposite California Hotel.
' For Nevada. . ...For Nevada. .'.. .For Nevada
Free Fare. . . . :. .Free Fare Free Fare
............WE SHIP FRIDAY
....For AH Points In State of Nevada....
...... .On C. P. Reconstruction Work
500 teamsters............ $2 and $2 25 a day
500 laborers... .................... .$2 a day
. 500 rockmen $2 25 a day
500 concrete men... ... $2 25 and $2 CO a day
< 200 scraper holders and loaders. $2 25 a day
Free Fare. Free Fare
.We Ship To-day..
...:..'.. FOR CH ATSWORTH PARK
500 drillers, headers, muckers and outside
laborers. $2 to $3 a day
Free Fare. .' Free Fare
....We Shin To-night..
C. R.' HANSEN & CO. 429 Bush st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— Butler for
country. $40: gardener, country, $30 :« coach-
man and .do gardening, country, $35; four
men for grading work, private -place, coun-
try, $.1 a day: waiter. French restaurant.
$45; waiter, coffee house. $40;* waiter, coun-
try, to take charge night, $30; waiter, first-
class, springs, south. $25; elevator boys, $15
' to $25; choremen, country. '$20; cook, $70;
third cook, $30;; cook, country chop-house.
$40; young man to learn dyeing, etc.. $125
a day. >.
A — HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 "Montgomery, r. 12
— Head waiter, $55 > dishwasher. $30: bell
boys, $15; chef, $75: cook, $40. ... '
WANTED— 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. improvement Co.
WANTED — Head of department with cliy ex-
' perience ln ladles' hosiery, glove3 and under-
wear. 'Address with references, F. box 1020,
Call office. . . ¦ : "v ¦ .- ."
PHYSICIAN • (Roman Catholic preferred) to
take temporary charge of country practice;
. If agreeable "will form partnership. Address
DR. A. E.HARDIN, Sebastopol, Cal.
WANTED— Steady man. with $t25 cash; will
pay $16 to $18 per week; plain, light work;
• experience . not required;: permanent place.
1016 Market st.,-room 10.
$75 — WANTED— Steady .- man as partner in
; cigar store and laundry office: good transient
trade: full value ln stock given.: cheap rent.'
Particulars. . cigar factory. 257 4th, nr.Folsom.'
WANTED — Bussers and polishers . for brass
.work. - Apply Superintendent THOS. DAY
CO., 725 Mission st.
FEEDERS wanted for .cutting and scoring
presses.. TONNER, DUEHRSEN.& CO., 25
Market st. - - ,
WANTED — Head of department with 'city ex-
•perlence'in cloaks and suits. Address with
references, box 1019, Call office. "-
,WANTED — Sober and steady man as cook for.
• commercial lunch. . Call at Schaefer's Saloon.
43 "Stockton st., cor. OTarrell.
WANTED — First-class wide awake solicitor for
coal. business; state qualifications, experience
and salary required. Box 254. Call office.
WANTED— Bookkeeper, general office -work;
must have best references; good salary. Ad-
dress box 379,; Call. office.
WANTED— Honest l single man. . with $75, to
• take, cash and assist In restaurant; $40 mo.;
> no . experience. - Brown. : 1221 , Market ' st. -
BOOTBLACK, wages ' $10 per week, r at Russ
House : Antiseptic Barber Shop, 217 Mont-'
gomery ¦ st.'
BOY wanted. 8. N. WOOD & CO., Corner
Powell and Eddy sts.'. : . . ,- .
WANTED— First-class practical cutter S N
WOOD : & CO., T18 Market st. : ' '
WANTED — Grocery clerk. • Apply H. MENTH-
, MANN. 2498 Market st. .
LODGiyO-HOESES .^9?. SAXB '_
A— CALL. WE CAN SUIT "i OU.
SO rooms; first-class; north of Market.. $2400
20 rooms; clear." $60 200
18 rooms; Just listed 650
12 rooms; snap 450
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate...... 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... "1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
A. H. RETSLOFF, phone John 531.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
' ~~~ SNAPS. SNAPS. SNAPS.
tSOO — Lodging- house of 33 rooms in San Jose;
rent $40; netting $70 above expenses.
$3500 — Elegantly furnished lodging-house In
heart of, San Jose, 60 rooms; rent $125;
paying $350 per month.
$2500 — A 44-room rooming-house ln San Jose;
close ln; rent $125; nets $250; sickness,
must sell.
WELLS & SAUNDERS, 630 Market St., S. F.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, ln all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al f urnlshed . . . $850
20 rocms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny fiat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rocms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at \y% per cent per month.
MARION GRIFFIN.
719 Market st., upstairs, near Call Building.
A — bl g — free — 1 1st — at — my — office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.$6500
300 rooms; corner bouse; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location.. 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms ; man house ; rent $45 ; bargain 700
Money loaned at' 1 per cent.
Hotels, madhouses, flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032. Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st.— (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish, vacant houses and ..
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
_____________
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you: have bargains ln hotels, lodging-
houses, flat?, all sizes and prices; In all parts
of city. Money loaned, XVt Per cent.
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses at all
times; bona fide buyers are welcome to in-
spection; kindly call at office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
917 Market St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 1911. ¦ -
A — KREDO & CO Connoisseurs' sale
8 rooms; name your own price. *
12 rooms; -Powell; clears $60 a month.
18 rooms; transient: on acct. of death; cheap.
16 rooms; Van Ness; make offer.
Many other bargains. 14' Flood bldg.
BUY yovr houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
1G rooms; clears $40 $500
11 rooms: clears $30 $350
8 rooms;; clears $30 $300
And other bargains. 842 Howard et.
SNAP — $2600; SO-room house; rent $65: $1500;
37-room house, rent $50; good furniture'; first-
class location. Inquire McBRIDE & CO.,
765 Market st.
A— $600— LODGING-HOUSE, 20 rooms. 30 beds;
rent ?20; best location on water front Call
R. G. WILKE, 26V& Gearny st. '
9-ROOM house: all light; all rented; neatly fur-
nished; must be sold; case of sickness. 2G6
Minna st. : call between 1 and 3 p. m.
$175 — 7-ROOM house: good furniture; good lo-
cation. Inquire 765 Market St.. room 2.
; > , . ~— ~
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKW AY. l052~Ellis~Et?! "~near™FranklinT
materialising seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights, 50c; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights. 25c; readings dally; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader; sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell St., nr. Gough: Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND— Test seance to-night, 10c;
prophetic readings; ladies 50c. 132 Sixth.
MRS SABLJCK will hold a circle to-night.
86 Ninth St.; 10c. "
C. V. MILLER'S materializing and trumpet
seance, 1084 BusH; 8 p. m., 50c tel. 4133.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium :readlng3
50c.. $1. 316 Third St.. cir. Tues.. Fri.; 25c.
KATIE KEUSSMANN, 1774 15th, nr. Guer-
rero; circle Friday eve.: 25c; readings dail3\
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and ThSrs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
profTpaul destine! ~~— ~~
the first member of india's oc-
cult college ever registered '
£n and for san francisco.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life. His Information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love anil
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates and accounts that time has placed
beyond the lawyers' shrewdness; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled the
physician's skill cured without medicine:
there is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no,- life so<
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. Medlumlstic Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
¦will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. ra. to 8 p. m.
S2G O'FARRELL STREET 326
MME. M. BERNARD, "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She read3 yrmr life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life: 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market at.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
6 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
ln person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; -send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
REMOVED — Palmero. clairvoyant and palmist,
has changed his location to 305 Jones St., bet.
Eddy and Ellis; Palmero, recognized leader of
all clairvoyants and palmists, will give free
test to ladles from 10 a. m. to 12 m. ; hrs.. 9
to 5 daily; eve's., 7 to 8; Sundays, 2 to 5 p. m.
A — 25c — SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages; 10 to 8 daily.
1C10 Mission St., near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents$l; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. \ 126 Turk.
YOUR fortune told from cradla to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime &. birth date. J
MYERS, postoffice box 2224. San Francisco.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
et., cor. Golden Gate nve.. rooms 25 and -26.
MISS M. WILLE, 514 Taylor St.. clairvoyant^
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a-m.to 8 p.m.
MISS ZEMDAR., young gifted clair. and palm.;
she has second eight; a wonderful prophetess*
names given; L. 50c; G. $1. 217 Eddy st.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: buslneis
• advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. MARCEAU, clairvoyant and card reader
25c. Moved to 1G51 Mission. ' '
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted-life reader, gives full
life readings for $1. 1008 y. Market, op. 5th.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium: truth or
no pay: full life readings 50c. - 221 Fifth st
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. . 521% Eddy.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladl«s
25c; gents 50c: readings dally. m 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN\you become dlegusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beal-
ing Wortcs.- 353-357 Tehama Bt. ; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelnert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co-^Cleanlng 3%c yd;upholster-
Ing. 1213 Market.bet.8th&9th;tel.Howard 291ft
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st I
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop!
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prlcea
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 203.
CO , X , K " N ' S Superior Carpet-be-atlng Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TI } Y i £2 P £ e B ,1 OS -* exeellen t carpet cleaning.
411-413 Powell St., phone Bush 421.
J '^ E ;« MI £ CHE > L £ Car P««--c'eanlng and -Reno--
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 827 Market st.
' '' ' ' FlyAy< ?? A -^: „ -. ' r ',-,r,r,r, 'i'nn r
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
told ; stock accepted for »ervic»a. Send for
Pacific ' States Investor, PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND. INVESTMENT CO.. 320 Post.
WANTED — $35,000 building loan; on water
front; brick warehouse. Box 4622. Call.
• . .._ . FLATS TO LET.
CORNER Noe and Elizabeth, sunny flats ; Just
completed; modern Improvements: rent rea-
sonable; convenient to Twenty-fourth' rand
Castro-st. cars.. ,
A MODERN- flat; 6 rooms; bath; good condl-
tion. 735 Ellis st.
HAYES, 1747, nr. park — Modern sunny lower.
flat, 5 rms.. porcelain bath. $20: water free.
$20— SUNNY. corner flat, 6 rooms, bath. 2053
Fifteenth st., near Market.
FINE flat of 7 rooms, bath. 458 Hayes st. :
Inquire 26 Turk st. ¦ -. .
$9— SUNNY flat of 8 rooms at 1328 Jessie St..
off Hermann, near junction Valencia st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address ln the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
'FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
$10 — FLAT, 2 rooms; furnished, for housekeep-
tng, 436 Jessie st., off Mint ave.
$16—4 ROOMS, partly furnished; bay-window.
28 West Mission, bet: Twelfth and Brady.
__^FURNITURE FOR SALE, j .-:,¦-
'4 ROOMS furnished ln oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. Kins Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE and some new carpets for i sale,
cheap. 300 Page St.; no dealers. ¦;
FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 416. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for segond-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
' FURNITURE , AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
Vurnlture and mattresses. HOPKEJ BROS.,
jp. and 413 Powell at. ; tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES.
TRY Danlcheff One Dollar Glove; you wlli
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
UELi' WAM'tiH H'blMAL.ii.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. . .Phone Grant 185
t HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
2 fancy Ironers, summer resort $30
. 5 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way $25
Waitress, springs, Sonoma Co., fare here.. $25
4 waitresses, same commercial hotel. .... .$25
Pantry girl, summer resort, fare one way.$i5
Waitress, same place, fare one way.. $25
20 waitresses and chambermaids to wait. ...
•••- $20-*25
Cook, country hotel, fare paid .$35
Laundress, country hotel $25
A man and wlr e as kitchen hand and cham-
bermaid to wait, small resort $40
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, houseglrls, . second .girls, nurse girls,
city and country, best of wages. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 42<J Bush st. (Opposite California
Hotel, bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
A THOROUGHLY experienced hotel housekeep-
er, one with experience in large hotels; flrst-
class place; $40-$50. '
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 429 Bush st. i
TWO waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains. ..$25 \
Two waitresses, springs, Santa Clara Co. $25
Two waitresses, springs, Contra Costa Co. $20
Waitresses for Visalia, Holllster, Stockton,
Marysville, city, $25 and $20; 2 chambermaids
to wait, $20. -
MRS. M. E. DAY.. 33o Geary st.
FANCY ironer, springs, $30 month, tree fare
both ways. MRS. M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
MAN and wife for hand laundry, springs; man
to assist washer; woman as fancy ironer: $60;
free fare both ways. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335
Geary st.
WANTED — Hospital cook, $40; second cook for
institution, $30; second girl, country, $30; 10
waitresses, springs. $25; German nurse, $20;
housework, country, see lady 10 o'clock, $30;
also 100 girls for all kinds of housework In
city and country; places too numerous to ad-
vertise; call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st
A COOK, small boarding-house. $35; cook and
second girl, same house, $30 and $25; cook.
American, family of 4, $30; second girl, $25;
housegirl. $30; ranch cook. $30; cook, San
Mateo, $25; 50 housegirls, $25 and $30; house-
keeper, $12; 10 waitresses, $20 and $25. MRS.
NORTON, 313 Sutter st.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS: WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAT WHILE
LEARNING: STEADY WORK: GOOD PAT.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% , FREMONT
ET. ; MR. DAVIS.
YOUNG girl or elderly lady to assist In light
housework; treated as one of family; short
distance in country; $8 to $10 per month.
676 Geary st. . \ .
WANTED — Al solicitors, city and country, to
introduce something new; can make big
: money. Call to-day 10 to 12, room 46, Flood
building.
WANTED — First-class waitress and parlor
maid, with references; apply between 9 and
12 at 2100 Washington st.
WANTED — A girl for general housework; some
washing; five in family; wages $25; refer-
ences. 4920 Telegraph ave.. Oakland. <•
YOUNG German or Swedish girt to assist with
housework and cooking; $15 to $20. 1125
O'Farrell B t. ¦¦
WANTED — Girl or middle-aged woman for
general housework; family of 2. 635 Broad-
way. ¦ J ' - .
FIRST-CLASS finishers era Jackets. BARON,
22-24 Grant ave.'
WANTED — Girl 16 or 17 years "of age for of-
fice, work. Address box 1003, Call office.,
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework, for
the country.' 1247 Webster st. ¦
YOUNG lady compositor; stead}'; state wages
and experience. Box 388, Call office.
WANTED — Young girl to help do light house-
work; good home: can go to school. 949 Sutter.
GIRL wanted — Trunk factory. 71 Stevenson St.-
$4 50— HAIRDRESSING, manicuring. . mas-
sage, hair work taught in 2 weeks; positions
guaranteed ln stores and with private cus-
tomers, ; $50 and $75 per month ; class day
and evening. College 233 Geary St., rs. 13-15.
WANTED — A woman to help care for 2 chil-
dren and housework; no kitchen work; 35
miles ln country; wages S15. Address R. E.
D., Olema. Marln County; Cal./
PACIFIC College. 1236 Market St., r. 94— Halr-
, wcrk, hairdressing, marcel wave, manicur-
ing, massage, etc. ; positions guaranteed; $12
to $35 wk.; day.eve.clasees; course 2 wks.,$5.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required: special offer this month;
hairdrcsslng taught in four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College, 635 Clay st.
I WANT Immediately a trustworthy woman
of fair education for business position; mar-
rled woman preferred. Box 390, Call.
WILL teach a f^t^smart girls on ladles' silk
and woolen waists: good pay; steady work.
SAN FRANCISCO MFG. CO., S23 Market st.
•WANTED — Strong 'German | girl for housework
. and.cookVig: apply mornings: carfare refund-
ed. lOOfY'aru st.. Alameda.
WAITED— Ladies to demonstrate household
article; salary. MRS. F. I. TIBBETTS, 621
Post st. • - . \ ¦ ¦ : -
FIRST-CLASS sewers on ladles' wrappers,
shirt waists, etc.; take work home. H.
FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell st. ~
APPRENTICE for hair business. G. LED-
- ERER. 123 Stockton st.
WANTED— Manager at Portland for^D'Orlan
¦ Company.. Apply 421 Powell st.
BANDERS and -flnarerers apprentices; paid
from start. Carson Glove Cor,; 35 Market st.
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week;
¦» day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WIGMAICER. hairdresser and manicure. Wal-
dorf Hair Dressing Parlors. 241-243 Geary.
FIRST-CLASS waitress. $8 per week; work 6
days per week. BREUSS' Cafe. 70 Third st.
'.WANTED — Ladles to work for us at their
homes. Call Metropole. room 36. 6 Turk st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework, family
of 2. 905 Bush St.,
GIRL" to take care of child and light work;
family of two. Apply box 248. Call office.
-WANTED-^-A German girl for light house-
, work at 419 Jones st. r s
A WIDOWER with I one child wants elderly
housekeeper. Ap. Geo. McDonald, Elmhurst.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.,- 535 -Market St.- . ; : '. V
"WANTED— Finishers on coats. 8. N. WOOD
& CO.; 27 Geary st. . .
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
. 1731 Folsom «t. . , ~
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
:. subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
¦ lencla Et. - - -•...-¦¦
HELP WAKTEP — MALE— Con. _
4 MILLWRIGHTS. $3 50 to $4 day, fare ad-
vanced; 3 carpenters, • country. $4 day;
carpenters, city. $3 50 day, fare advanced;
Jobbing blacksmith, $2 50 day and. found:
furniture rapalr man, $3 day; blacksmith
• helper for ranch. $40 and found; blacksmith
and ; woodworker for ranch, $40 and found;
wheelwright for ranch. $45 and found; -
miners. $2 day and board; 1C0 laborers for
mines, quarries, mill and woods, pick and
shovel and other work: 20 laborers and team-
sters for country. $2 -to $2 25 day.' free fare,
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. -«52S
Sacramento st. . ¦ .
BUTLER for family. $50: cook and wife for
waitress, ¦ country hotel, $85; restaurant
cooks, $70; second cook, hotel. $40 and found:
third cook, country hotel. $30 and found:
night cook, small place, $7 week: 3 waiters,
country hotel, $30 and found: pot washers,
dishwashers, | vegetable men, bell boys, ele-
vator boys and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
MILK wagon driver. $40 and found: coachman.
$35 and found; man and wife, private family.
$50 and found; milker and wife, $60; 10
mllkeis, $30 and $35 and found; cheese mak-
er, 535 and found: butter maker, $35 and
found; 2 choremen, $25 and $30 and
found; 2 stablemen, country, $30 and $35 and
found; 3 boys for laundry. $7 to $8 week;
5 boys for brickyard, $125 day; teamsters,
$35 and found and $60 month and ?2 25 day.
and many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— By E. B. & A. L. Stone Co.. team-
sters and laborers for railroad work in Ne-
vada; free fare; ship at 5:1$ Monday, Wed-
nesday and Friday
4-horse skinners $2 25 per day
Laborers $2 per day
Board $5 25 per week
Report with blankets at UOO Broadway,
Oakland ........ .^ " ..
Laborers for concrete - •work, wages $2 per
day, 10 hours' work; board $4 50 per week;
. long Job. Report at Napa Junction.
BOOTBLACK In barber shop. Room 320 Cal-
laghan building, corner Market and McAUla-
' ter sts. .
BARBER shop in San Jose; neatly fitted:
owner already In other business; must be sold
at once. D. STOLTZ, 723 Market St.
UNION barber for Saturday and Sunday. 15
Broadway.
A UNION barber wanted, must be good, for
Saturday and Sunday, at 5J6 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday;-
god wages. 2107% Powell st.
BARBER wanted for Friday, Saturday and
Sunday at 602 Clay st.
BARBER— Steady, extra evenings. Saturdays
¦ and Sundays; union wages. 39% Turk st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
132 Pacific st.
WANTED — Barber to run furnished barber
shop, cor. Oth ave. and H st, south of park.
FIRST-CLASS barber wanted Saturday and
Sunday; wages $5. 328 Montgomery ave.
NIGHT clerk and night porter wanted. New
Adelaide. 614 Howard st.
-SHOEMAKER— Steady work for first-class re-
pairing. Address box 7641, Call office.
DISHWASHER wanted. 631 Clay st.
LUNCH waiter wanted at 1406 Polk st.
WANTED — Experienced porter at 310 Mont-
. gomery st. Call 9, a.' m.
WAITER at ' Cosmopolitan Hotel, cor. Fifth
and Mission sts,
WANTED— Good all-round candymaker. Ad-
dress box A, Call Branch, 300 Haye3 st.
WANTED— A first-class waiter. 20 Stockton.
A STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
month year round. 78 Third st., room 2.
WANTED — Young man for office work; must
be good at figures. Apply at HALE BROS.*
between 8 and 11 a. m. •
DETECTIVES WANTED— Applications will be
received for positions as 'special detectives
and watchmen for Chinatown ; monthly sal-
ary $80; must be experienced and capable;
good references and bond required; no others
need apply. Address Chinese Consul General,
San Francisco.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. TJ.
S.- navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch ; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — A first-class . non-union plasterer;
man with family; one who wishes to start
in the contracting business; have lots of
work all the time; a good chance for the
right man. Call 6 p. m. at 1243 Park st.,
Alameda, Cal. - : ... , ...
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter; state- experience, salary and ref-
erences. Box 213, Call.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to Know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 150 large
¦ rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs, new furniture In
Western Addition; bargain. DECKELMAX
BROS.'. 106 Eftls st. - -.-'-. -r-c-
WANTED — Young <man who is a first-class
floor walker; state age, experience and salary
expected. Address box 374, Call office.
BARBER shop, running 2 chairs; good location;
. parties going ln wholesale business; $150.
Box 4US. San Jose, Cal.
BARBER shops and rooming-houses supplied
with- towels, 40c per 100. Yosemite Towel
-Supply Co.. 708 McAllister; phone Kate 26.
WANTED — Iron grill workers. Apply S. F.
Novelty & Plating Works, Bay and Stockton.
GOOD home for man and wife, to cook for 3;
room and board. 4137% Seventeenth st. *
WANTED — Good dishwasher; union restaurant.
475 Seventh st., Oakland.
YOUNG pharmacist, with two years' exper-
I ience; recommendations required. 345 Kearny.
BARBERS — Want to buy a shop In city or
country; state price. Address box 383, Call.
WANTED-H5 good trunkmakers. Address box '
343. Call office.
WANTED — Good all around carriage painter.
- Apply 1251 Webster st.
PANTS maker for country. . Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY, 241 M.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R. j
CGO MEN to. buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
80c tip: soling 20c up. 923. Howard st.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. - HERMAN'S. 26 Eteuart at.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
. price. . 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and '2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms. 23c night; reading-rooms; tre»
'bus and baggage to and. from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription!
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
' Valencia st. ¦ '
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FIFTEEN - sound, well-broken, all-purpose
horses. Including four well-matched teams:
fit for grocery and delivery wagons; guaran-
teed as represented. Occidental Herse Ex-
change, 246 Third st.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st:; also buggies, wagons, har-
, ness. etc. ; auction sales every Wednesday at
- 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION Sale— 40 head gentle broke work and
. driving horses, consigned by A. F. ROOKER
Stockton. STEWART'S Horse Market, Mon-
day, June 16, 11 a. rn.
HANDSOME sorrel buggy mare. 7 years old-
drives slnffle or double. YEARIAN 623
Grove st. , .
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third st. ,¦.¦':_-'
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived
several fine road and business horses new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market, cor' 11th.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, blackboard sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th&Valenda.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camnl
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 632 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET— •FUIIXISHED.
FURN.or unfurn., not less than 1 year: or will
sell at sacrifice; elegant home. 12 sunny rms..
?*» «<£7?.i kUch v n8 ' ada P ted *°r two families;
lot 80x114; garden: fine view; reasonable;
Mission warm belt. 120 Liberty, near 2Qth.
TO lease for year or longer. 10-room furnished
house, corner Green and Ftllmore sts. Apply
'¦ £'Sl a J d « 3 ?•, ™n", t0 MRS - H; S - MARKET.
Nordhoff Hotel fl3« Ttuah ¦«¦--.. •
COTTAGES TO LET.' . : *
WOLFE, 8 — 4 rooms; yard; rent $8 50. Key
at 4 Wolfe st. ¦
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
'our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices ln E. F.:
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.'
W. PERKINS. Pres.. 069 Mission St.. SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651. -
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. S09 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7.. Flood bldg.; extractions done paln-
lt-tply; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 80
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays.
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D:D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors. 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given ; lady attendant. R. C. ! ANDER-
SON. D.D.S.. proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work jalnless and war-
ranted. Chicago .Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors.' 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, ?2 up; fllllngs.^oc.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FASHIONABLE dressmaker— MISS LAURA V.
CLARKE, 1123 Powell St.; orders promptly
attended to. _
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
cortet-maklng taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ,
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF^EL^CTRICAjrENGI^
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post-«t., S. F.;
catalogue free. <^ '
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
84 positions in March. 32 in April; EUls book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
nets College, 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the /university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 13S2 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st., for their new catalogue; It is free and the
' nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50. -
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864/ Van
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin & banjo, taught in a
class; $1 mo. 426 O'Farrell; phone Geary 562.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE. 723 Market st.
LEARN ad. writing; terms reasonable. CALI-
FORNIA AD. SCHOOL. 234 Montgomery st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo. 1
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme. :
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.6th;
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St., S. F. ;
founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
EJWLOYMEKT i? F J!!iSE?;~™~~
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
cese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072,
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant IPS; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning cooks waiters on
.short notice. 1293 Page st. : tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Ot-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188. j
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE, j
A DANISH girl, first-class cook, 3 years last
place. Apply to MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
A COMPETENT girl wishes place in small fam-
ily; $15 to $20. MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter.
YOUNG woman wishes place to assist In light
housework; $5 month. Address with full
•particulars A. A., Young Women's Christian.
Association, 1259 O'Farrell st. ¦ . .
A RELIABLE woman wishes washing to do at
home or go out by the day. 24. Lexington
ave., near Eighteenth st. .
NURSE or housekeeper. 30 San Carlos ave.
GIRL wishes work or general housework. Ap-
ply 301 Oak st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants position In con-
finement cases; has doctors' references; good
to children: no objection to short distance in
country. Address Nurse, Call • Branch, 300
Hayes St.-
: YOUNG lady would like to do work ln burnt
wood and leather; colored or otherwise; earn- ;
pies shown. Box 249, Call office. ]
WANTED — By a woman, housework by . the [
day or week. Call for 2 days 14 Himmelman
St.. off Pacific, near Taylor.
COMPETENT middle-aged woman will cook
for men or keep house for adult family. 153%
Third St.. Stockton House, room 17.
YOUNG lady desires a position as bookkeeper
and typewriter. Box 4626. Call office.'
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near'Mar-
kot— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken, for The
Call at Eaton's Baiaar. 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. * '- • . -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
SITUATION wanted by German, 40 years of
age; handy, with blacksmith and. carpenters'
tools; knows the care of livestock and poul-
try; can do plain cooking: would like place
as ' choreman. Address P. ROTHER,. box
1021, Call.
A GOOD salesman wishes position with first-
class house on commission; has horse and
buggy; requires no advances. Address A. B.
C, box 387, Call office.
COOK, good all-round, sober and reliable,
wants position. Address JONES, cook. Fruit-
vale P. O.. Cal.
A MIDDLE-AGED married man desires posi-
tion as watchman; references. Apply B. H., I
726 Washington st.
ELDERLY gardener wants work on private
place; sober, industrious;' no horses; can
milk. Address box 1018. Call. ' ¦. •
MAN wants position to cook for four or five
men; reference. Address C. B., box 42S4
Call office. Oakland.
WANTED— Situation: all-round butcher; best
references. Box 462S, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT as gardener by Swede who has
followed this occupation In Sweden for 13
.years and 2 years In Cleveland, O., and 4
months In California; good recommendations
Box 303. Call office.
AN ' experienced farmer and wife desire situa-
tions on ranch or take charge of the same;
good worker and manager; wife excellent
cook and housekeeper. Address Wilson
House. 775 Mission st., room 55.'. - . \ .
MAN and -wife want situation on ranch; man
. good ranch hand: wife good cook. Call or ad-
dress H. P.. 473 Jessie st. '• "
YOUNG man desires position as nl^ht: clerk
or cashier ln hotel or restaurant. Box 252,
. Call office.
PRACTICAL gardener wishes a situation; ref-
erences. Address PAUL SCHOOF, Bald-
win House, 30-32 Ellis st.
POSITION as watchman or driver for wholesale
house; references given. Box 384, Call office,
YOUNG man would like porter ' work ' or drive
delivery. Address C. H., 529 Noe at.
COLLEGE graduate in chemistry desires posi-
tion as analytical chemist; excellent refer-
ences. Address E. L. HALL, 1613 Gough st.
ELDERLY man, sober and reliable, desires sit-
uation as gardener on private place, or any
light work. Address N. ANDERSEN; 620
„ Washington st., room 19.
A STEADY, reliable man, two yeaps in present
position, desires work ln wholesale | or com-
mission house, with chance of advancement;
fair wages. 'Box 393,,Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS florist and gardener desires slt-
uatlon on private place or nursery; can gl\-e
good reference; 12 years; In California. X Bex
377, Call . office. '¦>..-
JA PANESE , couple want . situations in private
family; man is good cook;, wife' Is waiter;
both have ¦ Rood experience. .- Address K. : M.,
18 St. Mary' place. ¦¦••• .-.-.¦ . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
, received at Call branch nfflce. 5500 FMHmnf» ¦Late Shipping Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOMA — Sailed June 12^ — Br bark County
of Caithness. < tar Queenstown.
Arrived June 12— Stmr Washtenaw. from Se
attle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 12— Stmr La Tou
raine, for Havre; stmr Barbarossa, for Brem
en, via Cherbourg.
Arrived June 12— Stmr Hekla, from Chris
tiansen and Copenhagen.
BREMEN— Arrived June 12— Stmr Casael.
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived June 12— Stmr
Belgenland. from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed June 12 — Stmr Oceanic, from Liver
pool, for New York.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 12— Stmr Eng
land, from Boston.
Sailed June : 12^ — Stmr Merlon, for Boston;
stmr Numidlan. for Montreal.
• LIZARD — Passed June 12 — Stmr Zeeland,
from New York, for Antwerp; stmr I/Aqul«
talne. from New York, for Havre.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived June 12— Stmr. Co
lumbia, for Hamburg, and proceeded.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed June 12— Stmr Stat
endam. for New York, via Boulogne, and
sailed from latter port.
BROWHEAD— Passed June 12— Stmr Sylvm
nla, from Boston, for Liverpool. . „
Boy Sneak Thieves.
"Willie Donohue and John Tracy, small
boys, appeared before Judge Fritz yes
terday on a charge of petty larceny. The
case was continued till this morning.
They and two other boys went Into a
pawnshop on Market street, between
Third and Fourth streets, Wednesday af
tetnoon and each grabbed a handful of
opera glasses, spectacles and other ar
ticles and ran out of the place. Donohuft
and Tracy were arrested at Powell and
Ellis streets by Policemen "Wilson and
Mulcahy, but the other boys escaped. •
Delia Keenan (owner) with Charles J. Keen
an (contractor), plans by Hugh Keenan & Son
—All work for a two-story and basement frame
S»me owner with George Goodwin (contrac
tor), architects same^-Basement floor and side
walk for same on same; $1500.
Same owner with same contractor, architects
same— Concrete walls and piers for name on
lot on the E line of Stockton street, 68:9 S of
Vallejo. S 68:9 by E 137:6; $3200.
. Joseph D. Grant, guardian (owner) with Gray
Brothers (contractors), architect Newton J
Tharp, superintendents Mahony Brothers — Ex
cavations and concrete work for an eight-story
and basement brick, stone and terra cotta
class A building on lot on the E corner of Mar
ket and Seventh streets, SE 165 by NE 50:0%;
Same owner with Thomas H. Day's Sons
(contractors), architect same — Carpenter work
glazing, galvanized Iron and tin work for same
on same; $11,700. ¦
' Edward Convey (owner) with John J. Stahl
(contractor), architects Meyer & O'Brien — Car
pentering, plumbing, plastering, painting, fin
ish ng for a two-story and basement frame
residence on lot on the S line of Green street,
117:6 E of Hyde. E 23:7^ by S 137:6; $5270.
Steigpr & Kerr Stove and Foundry Company
(corporation) (owners) with J. Pattison (con
tractor), architect none— All work for a two
story building, a stove foundry building, a ma
chine foundry building and a carpenter shop
building on lot oa the SE corner of Folsora and
Eighteenth streets, S 150 by E 206; $8734
: John Thompson (owner) with R-, Stettin (con
tractor), architect Victor de Prosse— Concrete
and cement work for a three-story and base
ment frame building on lot on the SW corner
of Golden «ate avenue and Octavla streets.
i h 0?f6 C rN S 5 1 0 25 E t °107i« I ! t $l O 2 f 50 beglnnlne — * W
r^ H ;» M ',, Rog ? 1 (owner) with San Francisco
construction Company, (contractors), architects
Hemenway & Miller— Excavating work for a
three-story frame building on lot on the E Hn»
E fs'-T^lSO 661 ' S ° f ValIej0 ' S 68:9 by
Builders' Contracts.
_ Av i, am and -^erie .E. Corbln to Continental
Euilding and Loan Association, lot 49. block
130. Sunnyslde Addition No. 1; $10.
? Sanae 0 , to same, lot on W line of Mission
?&*«*' I 4 S of Brc °k, S 26. W 123. N 25. E
132:0, Preclta Valley lot 394; $10.
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company to
Daniel E. Saunders. lot on NW line of Paris
ftreet. 250 NE of Persia avenue. NE 50 by NW
100, lot fi. brock 12. Excelsior Homestead; $10.
Oscar Heyman to August Gigling. lot on NW
line of Buena Vista street. 231 NE of Court
land avenue, NE 25:8 by NW 70. lot 293, Cobb
Tract; $10.
Henry and Emma Hillebrand to Peter and
Madeline Laplace, lot on N line of Tenth ave
nue, 100 NW of M street, NW 50 by NE 100,
block 184, Central Park Homestead; $625.
Daniel C, Breed. Arthur H. Breed, and as
trustees Caroline H.. Herbert L. and Herbert.
ti.- Breed to Thomas F. McGovern, lot on S cor
ner of Twenty 7 second avenue and K street. SE
i5 by SW 100, lot 8. block 435. South San
f^ancisco Homestead and Railroad Association;
$10. - ' . . .•'-'
Ellen Walsh to Philip and Mary P. Rellly.
lot on S line cf California street South (Deeth),
82:6 W of Second avenue, W 25 by S 100: $10.
.William H. Bryan to Alexander W. Wilson,
lot on NW corner of Fulton (cr D) street and
F J "t avenue. N 3S2:1%, W 104. S 100. W 20.
S 139:10%. SW 116-.7H. S 155, NE 241:3. qulU
claim deed: $10. • -
Henry Horstmann to Conklin Laundry Com
pany (corporation), lot on SE line of Natoma
street. 250 NE of Fourth, SW 75. SE SO, NE
25, SE 10. NE.50. NW 90; $10.
Jame* and Julia Hartnett and Annie Sulli
van to Jeremiah Mahony. lot on SE line of Jes
sie street, 3C2:6 NE of Fifth. NE 30 "by SE SO;
grant.
100-vara block . 355— first party quitclaims all
interest in all lands lying SW of SW face of
wall of brick building used by them as a fac
tory and . second party quitclaims all Interest
In lands lying NE of SW face of said wall;
Same (owner) with Max Cohn (contractor),
architects same — Painting, graining, varnish
ing. Uncrusta paper' and tinting for tame on
same; $2300.
Same (owner) with M. Schimetschek (contrac
tor), architects same — Electrical and telephone
work for same on same: $1277. -
Sums (owner) with Cahill & Hall Elevator
Company (contractors>, architect* same—Ele
vator work for same on same; $2675.
Same (owner) with J. G. Grannls & Co. (con
tractors), architects same — Steam heating plant
for same, on same; $174O.
Same (owner) with- M. Levy (contractor),
same architects — Plumbing, gas fitting. . water
pipe and sewer work for same on same; $6810.
James Schwartz (owner) with Val Franz
(contractor), architects Rousseau & Son — All
work except plumbing, painting, electric work,
heating, elevator work, mantels, gas 'fixtures
and shades, carving 1 of stone work for a sis
story and basement brick building 1 on lot on NE
corner of Jones street and Lewis place, JJ.57:6
by E 87:6; $42,000. »•-- --
¦ John E. Mason towner) with Charles P.
Moore (contractor), ¦ architects Newsom &
Newsom — All - work for a two-story frame
stable on lot on SW corner of Spruce and
Washington streets, 68:9 by 127:8ft : $1010.
Marion Leventrltt (owner) with California
Concrete Company (contractors), architect Al
bert Pissls — Grading, trenching, concrete, arti
ficial stone work and sidewalk lights for build-
Ing on lot on N line of Geary street, 40 W o*
Grant ave. W 45 by N CO; $2175.
H. Schuck (owner) with T. J. Healey (con
tractor), architect William H. Wharff—Plumb
ing, sewering, tiling over sinks and gas flttln*.
(refers to contract between Henry. Schuck with
Jacob Schuler filed May 20, 1902). on building
on lot on NE corner of Pine and Lyon streets;
$1047.
building (flats) on lot on the V? line of Mis
souri street. 75 N of Eighteenth. N 23 by W
100; $4164,
-Pacific States Telephone and Telegraph Com
pany to Gladding, McBean & Co. -' (corporation),
said parties are owners of portion of . 100-vara
lots 10 and 32,.- lying: between Minna and Na
toma, New Montgomery and Third streets. In
John 'Thompson^ (single) to Kate^ Roche
(widow),', lot on E line of Harrison street, 50' S
of Twenty-flfth;S 25 by E 100; $10.,,
Ellen F. Kearney : (widow) . to Charles W.
Stockett, lot on NE line of Twelfth street, 21:6
NW.of Kisling, NW 21 by NE 87:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Edward
J. McQlvern. lot on-E line of. Guerrero street
100:8 S of Seventeenth. S 25 by E 00- :$——.'
Georglana B. Cook (single) to Jennie E. Wil
shire (wife of W. B.) lot on W. line of Baker
street, 102:8% N of Washington, H 25 by W
1C6:3; SS125. y
, William B. ' Wilshire to same (wife), same;
Elizabeth C. Lacy (single) to Katherlne M.
Buneman (single), lot on N line of Broadway,
195 E of Pierce street,' E 30 by N 137:6; 10.-
Leopold P. Moore to Rudolph Neubert lot on
E line of. Baker street, 112:6 N of Fulton, N
25 by. E 95:7%; $10. . .:,- ¦
¦ Susanna Asherson (widow) to Annie Mendel
son and Harry Bernstein, lot on N line of Sut
ler street, .137:6 E of Webster, E 27:3 by N
137:6; $10. .
Otto F. and Matilda von Rheln to Julius Gol
lober, lot on NW corner of Geary and Laguna
streets. W 27:6 by N 87:6: $10.
Colin G. and Jennie W. Strong to Charles
and Margaret C. Knight, lot on E line of La-
Runa street, 92:6 S of Pine, S 22:6 bv E SO;
$10. ,
Same to same, ; lot on W line* of Chapultepec
street. 125. S of Virginia avenue. S'25 by W
70 lot 171, Jacob Heyman • subdivision Cobb
Tract; $10. ...
Kebecca Sheel'an' and Fannie C. Curtis to
Daniel G nnd Sarah > E. Meyer, ¦ lot on N line
of Sadowa street. 2S0 W of Capitol. W 50 by
N 125. lots 12 and 13, block F. Railroad Home
stead No. v 2; $10. .
William and Agrgle E^fJorhin to Continental
Building' and Loan Association, lota 116 and
117, Gift Map 3; $10.
Morris Wilson to Tillie .Wilson, lot on S line
of Eighteenth street. 758 W of Douglass. W 25
by S . 125, Pioche and Robinson's subdivision;
gift. . . ...
Anna Joost. to William and Mary Brown, lot
on *V line of Corbett street. 157:8 S of Dia
mond alley. SW .".1:3. NW 135:1. NE 25,' E 135
lot 6. block 23. Market Street Homestead As
sociation; $10.
Falrmount . Loan Association to S. Ducas
Company (a . corporation), lot ' on W line of
Kosciusko street, 225 S of Crescent. S 150 by
W 70, lots 234. 236. 238, 240. 242 and 244,
same; $10. •¦ . •
Same to Sophia Verkouterpn, lot on W Una
of Ko3ciusko street, 300 S of Crescent. . S 75
by W 70. lots 240, 242 and 244. Holiday Map A;
$10.
S. Ducas Company (a corporation) to Louis
Cormick. lot on NE line of Thirty-fifth avenue
south, 75 NW of L street, NW 253 :3. E 269:3,
SW 00:3. lot. 2. block 408. Paul Tract; $10.
John W. Horn to Frank H. Denman. lot on
SW corner of St. Mary's avenue and Marsily
street NW 81, SW 125, SE 64. N 127, lots I
to 3. block 2. De Boom Tract: $10. .
Alliance Building and Loan Association to
Jacob Heyman Company (a c6rporatlon), lot
on E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 150 S of K
street, S 50 by E 120: $10.
H. L. and Mary E. Miller to Homer S. King,
lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 175 N of
B street. N 150 by E 120; $10.
John and Bridget Kinucan to Edward T. Kln
ucan, lot on SW corner of Eighteenth and
Point Lobos avenues, W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Cyrus and Mary A. Cleaves to Solomon
Getz, lot on W line of Twenty-sixth avenue,
125 N.of A street, N 70 by W 120; $10.
W. W. Jenkins to A. K. Moropoulos, un
divided half interest in Alratraz or Bird
Island In San Francisco Bay; $1.
Christian Henne, Helena Schwarz (wife of
Louis, formerly Helena Henne) to Charles A.
Johnson, lot On S corner of Eighth avenue and
N street. SE 100 by SW 50, lot 44, block 160,
same; $10. . - . . . •
William Cameron to William H. Reed, lot on
E line of Twentieth avenue. 196:0 S of Lake
street, S 49:3. E 120. N 42:5%. W 120; $10. •
Robert J. Trumbull to same, lot on E line
of Twentieth avenue, 196:» S of. Lake street.
N 21:0, E 120. S 28:3%, NW 120:3; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to John W. Zetter
berg, lot on E line of Forty-eighth
225 N of J street, N 60 by E 120; $10.
Sidney V. Smith to Cora B. Smith, block
1069, bounded N by Q street, S by R street,
E by Forty-third avenue and W by Forty
fourth avenue; also block 897, bounded N by
M street, S by N street, E by Thirty-seventh
avenue and W by Thirty-eighth avenue; gift.
John and Mary Roach to Mary E. Casau
rang. lot on S line of Seventh avenue. 280 W
t of K street, W 80 by S 100, lot 181. Central
Park Homestead Association, reserving life
estate; -52000.
John M. Ivanovich or Ivancovich to Irving
H. Ivancovich (minor), undivided half of lot on
E line of. Leavenworth street, 70 N of Jack
aon, N 22:6 by E 70; $10. -•.¦--' ' -
James K. and Mary F. Kennedy to Marie C.
Brown, lot on NW line oT Silver street, 315 SW
of Third, SW 65 by NW 75; $10. -
San Francl3co and Fresno Land Company
(a corporation) to Grace Brown, lot on W line
of Fifth avenue (extended), 620 :0U N of Lake
street, W 120. N 24:5ig, E 122:6%, S 49:5%;
John L. Haskell to George Coffey, lot on N
line of California street, 170 W of Jones. W
27:6 by N 137:«; $20. ?
¦ Michael Baclsralupi to Henrietta Eaciealupi,
lot on 8 line of Russell street. 100 W of -Hyde.
W 20 by S 60; gift.
Lucie and Louis Stern to Isadore W. Cahen.
lot on N. line of Sacramento street, 87:6 E of
Sansome, E 50 by N 45:10; also party wall in
terest on W wall of property adjoining; also lot
sTref™. S^roy 0^^"!^ " "* - FrankUB
Estate of James Shall, (by James A. Emery,
administrator) • to James B. Neale, undivided
one-quarter of lot on S line of Sacramento
street. 137:6 E of Dupont. W, 25 by S 137:6;
_ Thomas F: Tutb to Emma C. Tubb. lot on
25 b" 6 I C o wenty " flfth str eet, 75 E of Bryant, E
August and Marie E. Schaefer to John O. and
Mary A. Mahony, lot commencing 42:10 N of
Fulton and 37:«-% E of Scott street, W -:0%,
N 15:4, E :0%. SW 15:4; $10.
August Ludorff to Joseph W. Glaser, lot on
W line of Broderick street, 75:9 N of Union,
N31:9,'W 135:7%. SE 36:3, E 11S):3%: *10.
Same to John Zimmer. lot on W line of
Broderick street, 44 N of Union N 31:9. W
111):3%.-SE 3G:3, E 103; $10..
xi Eugene L. and Nathalie S. Jousset to Felix
H.. Irvine, lot on S line of Oak street, 104:5 E
or Central avenue, E 25 by S 110; $2500
Henry M.. and George L. 1 Whltely to Conrad
Philipps. lot' on N line of Post street, 110:3 W
of Lyon, W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
¦ James. S. Schuster to Clara Schuster, lot on
S line of Seventeenth street. 120 W of How
ard, W 30 by S 125; gift.
William A. and Julia, Leighton to Elsie E.
Jones, lot on S line of Sixteenth, 87:6 E of
CaBtro.-E 27:6 by S 100; $10. .
Mary Phillips to Charles S. Rourke, lot on E
"ne of Folsom street. 186 S of Twenty-third, S
, Dora M. Seitz (wife of Francis W.), Louise
H. Flach (wife of Peter), Frida A. Seitz (wife
of Peter A.). Eleanor J. and Henry Meyer to
Magdalena Meyer, lot on S line of Pine street,
t>2:« E of Webster, E 25 by S 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
W.' Mullen; lot on N line of Sacramento street,
1(58:1) W of Webster, W 25 by N 128; $ . ,
Same to Rose Levy, lot on S line of Jackson
street, 1U2:0 E of Steiner. E 27:0 by S 127 :8#;
¦William and Jennie Wolf to Joseph and Nel
lie Coleman, lot on E line of Octavla street,
112:6 N of Ellis, N 25 by E 109:7%; $10.
EEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, ; JUNE 13, 1902.
11
E7Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
June 15. at 2 o'clock, from Brooklyn Pres-
byterian Church, corner Twelfth avenue and
East Fifteenth street. East Oakland. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland. ¦ '
RICHARDS— In this city. June 12, 1002, Ed-
wards, beloved son of Raymond- and Mary
Richards, and brother of Raymond and Eu-
gene Rlrharrts, a native of Salt Lake City,
Utah, aged 3 years 11 months and 10 days.
SHOENWALD— In this city, June 11, 19O>.
Paul, ' Shoenwald, beloved son of Louise and
the late Albert Shoenwald, a native of Sau
Francisco, aged 24" years 8 months and 22
days. • . . ,
SILLICK— In - this city, June 12, 1902, Agnes
Cecelia, beloved infant daughter of John and
Annie Slllick, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2 months and 19 days.
WHITE— In Geyserville, William H. White,
beloved husband ! of Jennie G. White, and
father of W. J. White, a native of Almond,
N. Y.. aged 68 years 7 months and 15 days.
(San Jose and New York papers please copy.)
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), .at 1 o'clock, at her late
residence, 121 Bernard street, between Broad-
Way, Pacific, . Jones and Leavenworth streets.
Interment New Italian Cemetery.
PHARO— In Oakland, June 11, 1902, Eunice
B., beloved wife of Joel H. Pharo. and
mother of Isaac F. Pharo, Mrs." John A.
Hyde and Joseph A. and James E. Pharo, a
native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 72 years 2
months and 11 days. ,
dence. 900 Broderick street, corner McAllis-
ter. Funeral and interment strictly private.
MONTGOMERY— In this city. June 12, 1002.
Aitken Montgomery,- beloved husband of
. Hannah Montgomery, and lovlne father of
Mrs. Annie Mulr and Mrs. Florence RIngen,
a native of Glasgow. Scotland, aged 70 years
2 months and 25 days.
' ' C^Notice of [funeral hereafter. -
MULLEN— In Oakland, June 11. 1902, John
¦ H. Mullen, beloved husband of Mollie Mul-
len, and brother of Mrs. G." Selft, Mrs. G.
F.- Taylor and Daniel Mullen, a native of
Salem. Washington County, N. Y.. aged 42
years 1 month and C days.
E3"Friends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday.
June 14, 1902, at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1179 . Sixteenth avenue, corner of
Fifteenth street, thence to St. Anthony's
Church, where a aolemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9' o'clock. Interment St. Marys
Cemetery, Oakland. -
NUTTER— In this city, June 12. 1002.' Ira
Loyd Nutter, beloved son of Ira and Ame-
lia Nutter, and brother Of Josenhine Ger-
trude, William Thomas and Emll Nutter, a
native of South San Francisco, aged 7 yeare
10 months. and C days. .
OLAGUE— In this city, June 10. 1902, Jennie,
dearly beloved daughter of Seraflno and Jen-
nie Olague, and loving, eister -of - Annie,
Mamie, Willie* and Frankie Olague. a native
- of Oakland. Cal., aged 13 years and 6
months.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Ciiinrn.
A^3ETus7rr!\?rrr~r7r^^
Njew fireproof brick building; 5)0 elegantly
¦ furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
¦ Stockton st., bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
¦ sunny; 75o day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room in California.
'A— BRUNSWICK House* 14S SUth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
. light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURXETT. 142(3 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
rilshed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
¦ furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
I ELLIS. 321 (Mozart)— Nicely, furn. rooms, 35c.
] $1 CO- night; $1 50. $6. week; open all night.
. FOLSOM. S20, near 4th— $1 per week, furnished
rooms. . ¦
Grand Southern. 7th & Mission — Rooms. 35c to
$1 50 night: $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
JESSIE. 363. near Fifth arid Market— Furnish-,
ed rooms. $0 per month.
MINNA. 207, between Third and Fourth— Fur-
nished rooms to let from $3 per month up. .
O'FARKELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
. offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 402, corner Taylor — Nice sunny
6ultes or In single; running water.
O'FARRELL, C>89 — Nicely furnished front room,
housekeepg; also single rooms, $5, $U; sunny'.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis— Incande'scent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms; per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to ?30; elevator on ground'
tloor; rooms with hot and cold water; _baths.
SEVENTH. 2S— Nicely furnished rooms.- $12,
$10, $6; also housekeeping.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near. Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SHGTWELL. 923. bet. Twenty-third and
Twenty-fourth — 3 rpoms; bath and. 4, closets.
STOCKTON, C03 — Nice sunny furnished rooms,
¦ single suite;. also housekeeping rooms.
SUTTER, 949 — Elegant rooms, bath, etc.: 10
mln. walk to Kearny st.; private family.
TAYLOR. 23S— Newly furnished house ; ele-
gant sunny front rooms, .510 up; also beau-
tiful housekeeping suite.
"THE ALMONTE," 873 Market street (or No.
1 Fifth st.); rooms 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night,
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ,
ROOMS ASD BOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new; strictly
modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and elevator; private
baths ; ; single and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
THE MCALLISTER. 50a Van Ness ave.; just
opened; elesantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy st. — Select family hotel;
exceptional table; popular prices. . '¦
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy — High-class bouse;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
"VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny '
suites; single rooms; first-class tablg board.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE to hunters— For rent for hunting and
fishing purposes, about 240 acres of tul<>
: land on the Sacramento River. Apply to
L\ P. MARSHALL. CollinsviUe; Solano Coun-
ty. Cal. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections 'made:
¦ city cr country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms p-10: tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND . SUPPLIES.
Af DROP-HEAD SEWING MACHINE, $16 50,
$16 50 buys new improved drop-head; oak
woodwork; improved attachments;. agency for
all the leading sewing machines; phone How-
ard 3264. 145 Sixth st. . -
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
¦Mission et.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st. ;
" tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st : phone Jackson 2S1.
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN ¦ TYFEWWTERS-We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 260.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.',200 Sansome
! TYPEWRITING A MIMEOGRAPHING.
j EXPERT typewlting, 4c foUoTcopiesT2cT mimt
j eop.raphlng. 927 Markt. rm.305; Howard 153».
PROPOSALS.
BIDS wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st
Ban Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a m'
SATURDAY, June 14, 1902, and opened
immediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
'master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion YountviUe). for six months, commencing
July 1. 1902, and ending December 31, 1002
Schedules with Information and Instructions
for submitting, bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless it is
in accordance with such schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking-house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter into a good. and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco. Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrect-
ors. J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Subsistence SuDOlies: Office
of Purchasing Commissary, San Francisco,
Cal., June 10. 1002 — Sealed proposals for fur-
nishing and delivering or such quantities of
subsistence supplies, delivered at such wharf
or such warehouses In San Francisco," Cal.,
aa per circular to be seen at this office, will
be received here until 11 o'clock a. m., Tues-
day, July 1. 1902, and opened immediately
• thereafter in presence of bidders. Specifica-
tions, general instruction to bidders and
blank form of proposal will be furnished to
established dealers on application to W. H.
' BALDWIN, Major, ; Commissary, U. S.
• Army. Purchasing Commissary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., June 10, 1902— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Friday, June 20, 1902
and then opened, for Grading, Building
Roads, Drains, etc.. at Fort Rosencrans,
Cal. Government reserves right to reject or
accept any or all bids. In whole or in part.
Preference sriven to articles of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of price and quality (in-
cluding in theurlce of foreign productions
the duty thereon) being equal, and eucn
preference given to- articles of American pro-
duction produced on the Pacific Coast, to ex-
tent of consumption required by the public
service there. Information furnished on ap-
plication to D. D. WHEELER, Deupty Quar-
termaster General. Chief Q. M. ¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Miles S, Brown, 28, 035^ Howard street, and
Letltia Hawkins, 19, 622 Clay street.
Allen It. Wilmot, 22, 2554 Greenwich street,
and Grace M. Kenzie, IS, 25 Grand avenue.
August Millet, 27, 415 tshotwell street, and
Sophie Falasson, 22, city. • «
Nathan H. Harris, 22, city, and Ray Gold,
man, 20. city.,
Louis V. de ¦ Stein, 42. city, and Carlota C
Colby, 20, .city. .
David Dalziel, 21, C57 Bush street, and Mary
E. Greenham, IS, 823 Oak street.
Henry J.-Ottinhelmer, 33, 2407 Washington
street, and Alice M. Frank, 25, 2121 California.
William J. Herman. 22, Pleasanton. and
Maud L. Halleck, 21, Sightly, Wash.
Henry A. Blaettler, 28, 645 McAllister street
and Carolina M. Toreli. 26, 1133 Taylor street!
George R. Oliver. 27. Reno, Nev., and Bessie
Lorentz. 20. 425 Hayes street.
• George P. Holmes. 29. Butte, Mont., and
Eleanor J. Bradford, 22, S KIsbHuk street
Adolph Schenone, 24, Colma, and Ida Ravn.
22, Colma. ¦ .
Thomas Morlarty. 32, Kansas City, Mo., and
Viola L. White, 31, Robinson, Colo.
Otto W. E. Guy, ?S, 311 Natoma street, and
Clara Hillebrand, 24, 2 Farren avenue.
Ben J. McFeeley, 28. 1309 Polk street and
Nora'J. Sullivan, '22, 479 McAllister street *
William Stulz, 32, 888 Greenwich street, arid
Louise M. fBechtel, 19, 2206 Mason street.
Slmone • Gfusto," 23, 5C9 Bryant street, and
Angiollna Arado, 20, 5C9 Bryant street.
ST/\ T 13 7VY1B IN T
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE —
ALLIANCE
ASSURANCE COMPANY, Limited,
OF BERLIN, GERMANY.
ON THE 31ST DAY OF DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL. .
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash .... tl $230,000 00
• ASSETS. '.
1 Real Estate owned by Company.. $435, 4S8 60
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages... 125,000 00
Cash Market Value cf all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 309,415 31
Cash In Company's Office 16.574 1)1
Cash «n Banks . . 154.724 23
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1,50153
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection, and due from other
> Companies and agents .......... 505.896 63
Total Assets .$1,543,509 24
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid I
Losses in process of Adjustment I
or in, Suspense > $252.072 75
Losses resisted, including ex- f
¦ penses • S
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
• running mere than one year, .
j .; reinsurance sro rata . liS,098 81
Gross premiums on Marine and I ':.-•¦
Inland Navigation Risks,
* ; reinsurance I 100
per cent. ...:....\....;..«.... V 188.042 26
Gross Dremiums on Marine Time
Risks, $ — : reinsurance
50 per cent $,
Liability under other branches... 259.293
Ml other liabilities..; , 3.982 2S
Total Liabilities $862,394 49
" INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
N premiums . . . . • $392,839 28
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums 261,603 63
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages .......... . . ...... .... 6.000 00
Received for interest and dividends
' on Bonds. Stocks, Loans, and
from all other sources 20,133 87
Received from all other sources... 427,317 52
Total Income ......". !... $1,106,899 45
EXPENDITURES. ;
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ .losses of ,„„••¦
previous years)' $2S0.269 6U
Net amount paid for Marine Loss-
es (including $ ; . losses
of /previous years) 200.4C2 32
Dividends to Stockholder* 50.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage . . ... ................. 355.733 78
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes ............................ 2.237 25
All other payments and expendl- .
tures <•••• /174.101 52
Total Exoenditurea $1,062,899 54
Losses Incurred during the year. . $3t>7.m "49
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount or Risks
written during the .--.--.
year. • • • . . $162,102,783 $1,783,130 62
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year ........ • • 49.337,488 336,603 6!>
Net amount In force
December 31. 1001 8,540,205 . 93,942 26
• . ¦ ¦ : " .. CARL THIEME. Prest. "
* P. SZELINSKI. Seey.
Subscribed and awcrn to before me this 23d
flay of April. 1002." '. ' ¦
• ELWOOD WILSON JR..
Deputy U. S. Consul.
GUTTE & FRANK,
GENERAL AGENTS.
303 California Street,
. __ San Frnnciico.
© go o eeeoe © <s © © e eoo© © o e oa ••••••••••••••••••••••
i REDUCED, i
3 ;^ : : ' '.. ' — — , S
• GENUINE •
I For Sale by All Reliable Dealers. . J
I $1Q.QQper tort I
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE—
GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY
07 MAQDEBCES, IN THE STATE OF PRUSSIA, .
ON THE 31ST DAT OP DECEMBER, A. D.
1901, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of ta»
State ot California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code.
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $750.000 00
ASSETS. "~ "**
Real Estate owned by Company.. 11,131,883 48
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 10,213,208 3t
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
' and Bonds owned by Company.. 45,474 00
Cash In Company's Office 18,038 33
Cash, in Banks.................. 2S2.968 10
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 201 88
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion .*... 521.310 39
Bills receivable, not Matured.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 0,616 II
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid 1,047,098 SO
Total Assets 113,305.883 24
LIABILITIES. ' ~
Losses In process of Adjustment
¦ or In Suspense ...i ..... I34.7S8OO
Gross premiums on Marine and ¦ .
Inland Navigation Risks,
$ ; reinsurance 100 per cent 22 027 10
Gross premiums on Marine Tims
Risks, $ ; reinsurance 50
percent.... 58527 82
Liability under other Branches., ll.soa <m 5h'
All other liabilities 13.409 08
. .Total Liabilities 112.079,587 3tt
INCOME. .
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums $173 593 &<*
Received for interest on • Bonds ••»«»««
and Mortgages 415 966 SS
Received for Interest and dlvi-
dends on Bonds, Stocks. Loans
and from all other sources...'.. 59 971 e,9
Received from all other sources.. 2.40a;44l 62
Total Income ...' *3. 359. 973 21
EXPENDITURES. . "
Net amount paid for Marine
• Losses (Including $ , losses
ol previous years) $427,000 17
Dividends to .Stockholders 132.500 00
Paid or allowed for Commission
or Brokerage : 58 53126
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc. 29,361 93
Paid for . State. National and
Local taxes 4.520 47
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1.66S.S70 «9
Total Expenditures $2,321,084 57
Risks and Premiums. Mar. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $223.«74.177 $538.672 90
Net amount of Risks . .
expired during the > •
year .;..,.. 223,023,893 554,821 90
Net amount In force
December 31...1901.. 6.647.57S. 79.454 92
, ¦ • "-" . TH. DAMMAN. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to 'before me. tais 29t&
day of April, 1902.
MAX J. BAEHR. V. & Consul
GUtTE
' GENERAL AGENTS.
303 California Street,
San Francisco. . -
The Weekly Gall
$1 pep Year.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birtli.' marriage and death notices i'sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and ba
indorsed with the name and ' residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
¦-•¦" BOEN.
BRITTON-J-June 12. 1902, to the wife of W.
: J. Britton (nee Donahue), a son.
FRIEDMAN— In this city, June 0, 1002, to the
wife of Meyer Friedman, a daughter.
HANEEN— In this city, June G, 1902, to the
wife of L.- O. Hanseh. a daughter.
MARRIED.
KIEFER— HOPPE— In this city, by the Rev.
C. A. ! Parkin, Frank H. "Kiefer ,and Irene
Hoppe. ¦ -. - ' .
~~ 1)IED.
;' Althof. Laura 5 Hite, Cecelia A.
Antoldi, Stan:»lao ' Jones, William J.
¦ Bruse. Caroline Kellins, Fanny
Burke, John ' Lyons, James
Cannon. Henry, M. Macpherson, Robert
. Corr, .Frank ¦ - • Montgomery, Aitken
' Curtaz, Mrs. J. . Mullen, John H.
Daly, Mabel H. Nutter. Ira L.
Ewinsr. Annie OlaKue, Jennie
Ferral, Robert J. Pharo. Eunice B.
Furey, Delia. ' Richards. Edwards
Guenther. Carl B. ' Shoenwald, Paul
Gunning, Frances M. Slllick, Acnes C.
; Hayward, Cassie . White, William H.
ALTHOF — In Oakland, June 12, 1002, Laura,
beloved wife" of Hermann Althof, a nativn
. of New York,', aged 47 years ! and 21 days.
ICFuneral services will be held Sunday,
' at 2 o'clock, at the family residence, t)00
1 Linden street, Oakland. Interment .private. ;
' Kindly omit flowers.
ANTOLDI — In this city, June 11, 1902, Stan-
,. islao .Antoldi, a native of Italy, aged 4U
years. •
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
June 13, 1U02, at tt:45 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of P. Morbio, 1*88 Hayes street, thence -
to Sacred Heart Church, where services will
be held at 10 -o'clock, thence to Holy Cross
Cemetery by 11:30 o'clock train.
BRUSE — In this city, June 12, 11)02, Caroline,
beloved wife ¦• of the late Christian- Bruse,
beloved mother of Fred, Minnie, Harry and
' Elsie I Bruse, and sister of Henry Muller,
Mrs. "William Slerks. Mrs. H. Hohn, Marie
Muller and Detlef Muller of . Stockton and
the late Mrs. Lehmann of Stockton, . a na-
tive of Dellstedt, Holstein, Germany, ased
41 years 2 months and 22 days. .
BURKE — In this city, June 12, 1902, John
Burke, a native of Ireland, aged 65 years. •
CANNON— In this city, ' June 12. 1802. Henry
Maurice Cannon ! (Fat Man), dearly beloved
husband of Julia Cannon, a native of Ger-
many, aged 52 years 4 'months and 12 days.
A member of California Schuetzen. Club.
(ETFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited 'to attend the funeral to-morrow
. (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors cf
H. FV'. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission- street, be-!
tween Seventh and Eighth.
CORR — In this city, . June 12,. 1902, Frank
Corr, beloved fattier at Nellie, Josie and
Barney Corr,' a native of Ireland, aged 5ii
. years. • -
lCTRemain3 at the funeral parlors of-Mc-
. Ginn Bros., 224-220 McAllister street.
CURTAZ— In Cloverdale, June 11, 1002, Mrs.
Josephine Curtaz, beloved mother of Benja-
; mln and Albert Curtaz, daughter of Fred and
Margaret Schulz, and. sister of George, Mag-
gie, .William, Victor, Virginia, Krank and'
i Yera Schulz and Mrs. John Burke, a native
of San Francisco, aged Si years 6 months
. and 20 days;. .
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to. attend the funeral to-day
(Friday),- at 1:30 o'clock, trom the residence
of her parents, 142 Hawthorne street, be-«
• tweeri Second and Third, Folsom and Har-
rison. Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery.
DALY — In East Oakland, June 12, 1902, Mabel
Harriet Daly, daughter of C. H. and Lillie
W. Daly. ' '
(prFuneral services at 1324 Tenth avenue.
East Oakland, on Saturday, June. 14, at 11
o'clock. Interment private. >
EWING— In this city, June 12. 1902, Annie,
beloved daughter of John and Annief Ewing,
• and ' sUter of John, Daniel. James, Robert
And Katie Ewing, ... a native . of San Fran-
cisco. ,
tS'Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at I) o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, S14 McAllister 1 street, thence to St.
. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn re.quiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, -commencing at 9 :30>' o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FERRAL— Entered into rest, in New York
City, June 7, 1U02, Robert J. Ferral, beloved
son of Robert and Frances G. Ferral, a na-
tlve- of San Francisco, aged 24 years. -
C^Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to- attend 'the funeral services
. Sunday, at 2 o'clock, at the family residence,
, [ 85ti Haight street. Interment Cypress Lawn
. Cemetery, by electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
FUREY— In this city, June 12, 1902, Delia, be-
-_ loved^wife. pCTer^enceu£urey.. aad.mather-of
Harry, John. Terrence, Joseph' and Edwin
Furey and j Mrs. Agnes. Wessling. 1 a native of
County Roacommon, Ireland, aged 73 years.
(Madison. . Wis., and Portland,- Or., • papers
" please copy.) ' * .
ID»".The t« ineral, will ¦ take place to-morrow
(Saturday), " at 8:30 o'clock, from her latt
: residence*- 13-JDouglass street, thence to the
Church of the Most Holy Redeemer, where a
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul at tf o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUENTHER— In this city, Carl Bruns, be-
| loved husband of Charlotte Guenther, a na-
tive of Cira, Germany, aged 42 years 7
. months and 2 days. * /
E^Friends and acauaintances' are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
June 14,' 1002, at 2 o'clock, from Leltch's un-
dertaking parlors, corner Eighth street and
Broadway.- Oakland. . Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. . . .'
GUNNING — In this city. June 12. 1902, at ths
, residence of the Barents, 457 Tenth street,
Frances M., dearly beloved daughter of Johu
and Regina Gunning, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year and 7 months.
HAYWARD — In this city, June 12, 19C2. Cas-
sie Hayward, dearly beloved mother of
James, Mury," Cassie, Edna and George Hay-
ward a-nd Mrs. L. C. Gregory,' a native of,
. St. Johns, New Brunswick.
E^The funeral will. take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. S1U Polk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy- Cross Cemetery, by electric funeral car
from Eighteenth . and ; Guerrero streets.
Friends are Invited to attend.
HITE— In this city, June 10, 1902. Cecelia A ,
beloved wife of J. R. Hite, and sister of
MrB. J. Hausman and the late Mary Blen-
nerhassett. a native of Virginia, aged 4°
years.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
at '.,10 o'clock, from the funeral oarlors of
Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. Inter-
ment sti-lctly private. . -
JONES— In this city, June 12, 1902 William
J., beloved husband of Ella Jones, father of
Edith Jones, and only son of J. F Jones a
native i of Wyoming. . '
(C^Friends and acquaintances are resnprt-
ful!y invited^ to attend the funeral servkea
to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock at
his late residence. 144'J Stevenson street ' be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery' ' ¦""• cl :
KELL1NG— In this city, June 11, 1002 Fannv
Kellln«. beloved mother of Albert and James
A. Salts, and sister of Jacob Salz and Mr,
. I. Goodfrlend, a native of Germany awd
81 yeare.^ (Richmond County, New York na
. pers please copy.) ' *;
CTFuneral and. interment strictly private
LYONS— In this city, June 11. 1902 r.m '
dearlr beloved husband of Catherine Lyons'
and father of .John F. Lyons, a nativfl nf
County Cork, Ireland, aged 73 ytars ;
(^Friends and acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to dav
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from hU late resU
, dence. .55 Dehon street, off Sixteenth he
tween Church and Sanchez, thence to "Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn r*
ciulem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul. c6mmenclng at 8 o'clock
Interment Holy Qross Cemetery
MACPHERSON— In this city. June 11 1902
Robert Comstock Macoherson, dearly heloveH
. husband , of Cordelia L. Macnherson and
father of Mrs. LA. Stelger and Blanche E
and Grace L. Macuherson. a native of R,,f"
falo.;N.,Y...aged C3 years 1 month and H
¦ •'MTJrruherar services will be held 'to-morrow !
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, at. his late re*i-
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Euccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher > >¦
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth et.. opposite Lincoln School. .
. , Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
;',.: . NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916. Market Street.
¦ , '. ' Telephone : Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, : IS. years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J. '
McBrearty,' with the -same company -for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor. & Co.. have , opened new Funeral: Par-
lors at 1171: Mission st., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44. ¦ . ¦
fl 27»nd 29 Fifth St. Tel. South 167 fl
1 FUNERAL DMECTORS AND EMBALMERS. J •
, lOneti : Equipment at Moderate Ratea. V
JAMES McGINN,
Formerly .with : McGinn Bros., has -opened I
new Funeral Parlor* at '214 Eddy st.. bet. I
Taylor and Jones*. Telephone South 676. .1
»IOXEY^TO_LOAJ» •
HERMAN MURPHY. OOl^oTl^-a^ine7~bTdV.
SJ.5o0.eC0 at lets than bar.k rates
LOANS MADE
On ?.i>t f.nj second mortgages
Life interests in estates
Property bi»:ri& held in trust
Undivided interests In real estate
— .....Estates ir. probate — Legacies
Assignment of rents
' r L!:e insurance policies ""
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you r.eed money
..Pee HERMAN MURPHY. ..'.'.[ .'.'.'.
001-CQS Examiner bulldir.g
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. rocm7
Leans any amount at lowest rates
Deal direct with lender.
<~*n first mortjrapes.
On second mortgages.
On third mortpapes.
On undivided interests in real estate
On estates in probate.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 531C.
_n i McCOLGAX, 24 Montgomery St.. rocm 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: C per cent" first
f-econd and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, lepacies. undivided
••mere?:?, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loan*! Room 1«.
1st floor, chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
REXTEBS- LOAN AXn TRUST COMPANY*,
,,. ? ,^- e l>pos!t l>Id?.. ::2S MeMjromery st..
*» ili rr.ske ioaris on real estate.
J Mr laic cf interest.
Lor.g or short term.
HIGHLY respectable crivate place to obtain
j.beral advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
_ M&rkft st.; tel. Main ICil. Hranch 11) Third.
airNICIPAL Loan Office. lOT Grant are., near
Geary st.; phene Red 1(303.
-¦ -
ON real estate, jst or 2nd mortgages and on
.Jurniture cr piano*; no removal; any amount;
west rates. HECKER, M Geary St.. room 3(3.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Leans 'to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLE Y CO.. 143 Phelan bldg.
OX furniture, piano?: removal :money quick:
lowest interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room <TS.
ELFVING. 016 Examiner bldg: loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 i>er cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 52CJ.
$10 TO 5100 loaned salaried people- without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rater; easy payments. Drake. 4M Parrott ble.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
cry amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 2C Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates en furniture, etc., by private
psrty: r.o removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room :>, Conservatory bldg., SCI Jones.
FRIVATE party loans $10 up on pianos, furn.,
without removal: confiden. 0:{5 Market, r. 3.
ON furniture, pianos; lov^st rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICIClHi McAllister Et.
o^j- OX furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black J7O3; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried ] ecple without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 4:;i California.
OXE ji?r cent en rurniture: $."» a month on each
f !««*¦< i ; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
inticrser. MORRELL. €09 Examiner bldg.
LOAN'S money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan, \Vc?tera Loan Co.. 303 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WANTED.
BUSINESS man wishes to meet private party
havirg money to loan en collateral securities. :
Box 2o(l. Call office.
if OFFICES AXU STORES TO LET.
A large sur.r.y effioe; part, whole, desk room;
drummer sample-room. 14 Flood building.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 tts.: below Kearry st. 038 Clay st.. room L
PALMISTRY.
iJME. G. L. NE^R^A^^£TreadTT~to^4l 700
Post tt.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 637.
U. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 615
Taylor ft., bet. Geary and Post :tei. Black 561.
PERSON ALS.
IF you hair is falling, send for DR. G 3.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer the only
lernedy known to stop hair from falling and
cau>e hair to grow on bald heads. A po;?itlv«
cure for eczema; preparation sent to all parts
cf the world; call or send for circular DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'FarrnU Et., S. F.
IT is not claimed that Viavi can cure the in-
curable, but thousands of women who had j
given up all hope of ever obtaining relief j
have been restored to healti and strength" by 1
the Viavi treatment; booklet for mothers and
daughters mailed free. The Viavi Co., 2304
\fcn Xess ave.. San Francisco; tel. Hast 2S2.
AX elegar.t line of remnants for suits to order, :
f!5; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits ou install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
tt.. between Seventh and Eighth.
fcPECIAL CREDIT STORE — Complete outfit
Jl week; ladies' tailor made suits, ekirtis,
thirtwalsts. trimmed hats; gents' and boys'
Euite. overcoats, hats; call, open account at
cur cew store. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 318 Mason.
MY wife. FRANCES M. HYERS. having this j
day left my bed and board. I will no longer ;
be responsible for any debts incurred by her
HORACE W. HYEP.S.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hctel. 44 Third et.. neat Market; 700 rooms I
25c to $1 50 per night; Jl 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.' j
FREE cure for stomach and bowel trouble: I
more like -a miracle than a medicine Is what I
-g| cured people say. Address EEUXEB GOU-
" LET. Sacramento. Cal.
FIRST-CLASS hair goods only; switches and
wigs; hair dressing, 25c; shampooing; 50c;
manicuring, :5c. G. LEDERER. 123 Stock-
ten Et.
A— WHAT dc you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored Ehlrts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
rmi.'XKEXNESS. morphine and all drug dis-
eases loeitlvely cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1839 Polk St., S. F. ; consultation free.
%VH1TE enamel iron beds, single three-quarter
cr double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton et.. near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL — Bock fcr men; amusing, mys-
tilying. instructive. Two cents for postage se-
cures one. Williams & Co.. 140 Geary st.. S.F.
ENGINEERS end railroad men can find Car-
fcartt'S) union-made overalls at SUMMEK-
FIELD & ROMAN'S. Fifth and Market et*.
liASLBALL Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2,
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
Caid. S. R. CHURCH. Eansome St., S. F.
NOW ready — Jure ctyles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market st.. pear Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for euits. overcoats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market Ft.
ilCNEY leaned at low interest ; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth Et.
LIQUOR habit — A rew, safe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patiect. Ad-
dress P- O. box C52. San Jose. Cal.
EUPERFLUOUS hair »nd molea destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A— ?3 50 DERBY and Fedora, hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny tt.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, f 10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades Fuppl!e<3. 26 O'Farrell.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates « 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st.
ACTINA restores the «-yes and ears to health.
Eold by A'VIDA CO.. 7G5 Valencia, cor. 10th.
k>UPEKFLUOUS hair, moies, etc., permanently
removed, electric needie. Mrs.Cook,42(> Sutter.
l t
KUl'TURE rured: no operation, rain or lost |
time, fidelity Runture Cure, 2CV4 Kearay.
TAILOR-MADE euits. $7 60; dress pants. ?2 50.
Misfit Clothing: Parlor, cor. Bueii and Dupont. 1
ELKCTRIC needle Epec'alist: superfluous hair j
J end mole* destroyed. Urs.H.Eaton,427 Sutter. j
Mr*. Briges — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed I
by electricity. 1713 Buchanan: tel. West 259.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed b7
electric needle. Dr. &.Mrs.Tra verse, UTOMarket
ALFKCDUMb Lcyctian H«-nna; restore* zray
hiiir to Its natural color; $1; at all druggist*'.
OXE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CUR2
:r.Ftant!y: 30.: ar.d 25c. All drucrista.
DYSPEPSIA and oomipation cured: box free, j
C. H. P.OV.'AN. North Milwaukee. Wis. j
MASQUERADE costumes, p'.ay book*, wigs;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt. ,j
TjH. LAMOTTE'S FP.EXCH COP.N PAINT, the
beat corn <-tir<». 25c: ail drurjri«s.
PHVSICIAN'S AXD SURCEO.tS.
BUPTL'RE and piles cured; ijo pay until curedT
id operation; do detention from business; all
private ciseates treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Dm. Forden & Porterfleld. 0 Turk-
DR. C. C. ODONNELL — Office and residence,
102114 Market St.. bet. Sixth ar.d Seventh.
wetcractK cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without QtHTatton. Or. Ball. 1073*4 Market.
SC5IMER RESORTS.
$8f>0 — Sta. Cruz cottage; 7 r. ; nr. btach. depct;
CO ft. HAYES, cor. Greenwich and Hyde.'
J. L. COOKE. .26 Montgomery st..J. L. COOKB
San Francisco '
••..Great Bargains, Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price.
All sizes, all kinds. .
Great opportunity.
Secure a home.
Special Bargains.; ....Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home
While you can get It cheap.
Leave your address with me
and I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the •
Small outlay of money which will
purchase you a home.
Don't forget to call on' or
address J. L. COOKE.
2G Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cut this out and xave address.
J. F. PLL'MliE. Real Estate, 14C2 Valencia St., '
cor. 25th— BARGAINS: I
S75C0 only — Fine modern residence. 12 rooms ¦
and basement: stable for 2 horses; stone side- ,
•walk; iron fence; bituminized street; lot 50*
ir.5; on sunny side Guerrero st., bet. 2Cth and
Army, r >..-.' ,
$2200 — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath; lot 32x100:
Twenty-sixth st. . . .,
Slo.'.O — Cottage. 5 rooms; lot 25x114; Twenty-
seventh Ft., near Doloreit. .
$150t> — Cottage. 4 rooms: lot 25slO0; offer
wanted; Sanchez st.. near Valley.
$1300— Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x80; Folsom
St.. near Twenty-eichth.
$C00 each— Two lots. 2jx114; Duncan St.. be-
tween Panchez and Noe. •
NEW cottase residence, 5 sunny rcoms, bath-
rcom, butler's pantry, large basement; on
sunny side of street; lot 25x107:6; pretty ma-
rine view; stone pavement: street bituminiz.
" cA: a few pteps from cable cars; fine loca-
tion, near Broderick; everything' rent«.-d as
soon as built; new houses going up all
around and property chancing hands fast at
advancing prices; only ?G75 down and easy
Installments; price $3175; will take a lot
as part payment. W. j; GUNN, 0:i0
California St.. Savings Union building, bet.
Montgomery and Kearny.
YOU will never secure a suburban home in
sight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now: cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON, 272 Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
$l. r >00 — COTTAGE 4 rooms and lot; Mail Dock.
Box 4G21. Call office.
?17C0 — COTTAGE 0 rooms, barn; marine view.
KATES, corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
$22C0— TWO flat's, near Mail Dock. HAYES,
corner Greenwich and Hyde sts.
FOR sale — Just completed, elegant 7-room cot-
tage. ¦ San Jose ave.. opp. Valley Et.
KEAL ESTATE COUXTK.Y For Si»lo .
1SC0-ACRE STOCK RANCH reduced to' 55000
to make quick sale and close an estate;
i about 000 acres rich, nearly level land, for
grain, orchard or vineyard; balance pasture
land; fronting on Russian River and right
at town and railroad station in Mendocino
County; enough good wood to nearly pay for
place; thousands of cords, standing offer of
COc a cord stumpage for it; a splendid bar-
gain and fine investment to make a good
profit. ROTHERMEL & MERRELL. 507
California st.
$1770 — A FINE home, gi« acres fruit and poul-
try farm; good house, barns; all. in fine con<-
, dition; at Ukiah; a bargain; $5 an acre for
i 640 acres redwood timber land in Mendocino
County. We are headquarters for these lands
In large or «-mall tracts.
Send for our Real Estate Circular; full of
bargains in country homes that give good re-
• turns on the money invested; fruit, poultry,
stock and general farms. ROTHERMEL &
MERRELL. 507 California st. ¦
$4000 — A gentleman's beautiful mountain home
ar.d ranch; in Napa County; 160 icrac all
fer.ced; fine 5-room cottage, furnished; cr-
c-hard, vineyard, hay land, gardens; 2 large
barns, horses, vehicle i. poultry, etc.; good
hunting and fishing; abundance of naturil.
wator; climate unsurpassed. Apply
" F. W. MEYER. 1453 Devisadero St.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, $00 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cctati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctati Co.. 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg.,
San Francisco.
Write Wells. Saunders & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains In fruit and chicken ranches.
LAND • bargains; new catalogue ?ent free.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery, 63t Market
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tlm-
b» r. mtne*. ' EMMONS & PON. Mills bldg.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To rent a ranch on shares ' in coast
county; not far from 'schoolhouse : will pay.
cash for necessary stock, seed and farming
tools. Address Farmer, box 371. Call office."
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, rent or exchange — An elecant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine 1
corner lot; best locality; a gVeat bargain; !
$4000. ' !
Must be sold; a large 8-rcom house: lot 60x :
150; near Chestnut Et. station. See the above
I this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM- ;
PAN Y. 1500 Park st.. Alameda.
I MODERN cottage of 5 large rooms and bath,
mantel, hall. 7-foot basement, good brick
foundation, fruit trees and fine lawn; corner
lot. 56x125; street work all done and stone
walks laid; sunny frontage; choice location.
For particulars fapply to owner. 1025 Park st.,
Alameda.
$350— LOT 40xl0S. near Park st. ; will furnish
lot and build 5-room IV. story cottage on
same for $1800. J H. YOUNG builder,
1243 Park St.. Abw^a
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
FOR rent, furnished or unfurnished, for term
not less than one year, 10-room house; mod-
ern improvements; sunny location; unfur-
nished $35. 144S Caroline St.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL" ESTATE.
STOP PAYING~RENT. -——---
OWN YOUR OWN HOME.
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
¦where you please, build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association Is the easiest
and best plan ever introduced to the public.
Eee our tables and convince yourself; only $3
per month pays for your home: no Interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley.
Branch office Lorin P. O.. and room 39 Ne-
vada block. San Francisco. XV. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
WANTED— An offer; splendidly built house
of 12 rooms; cemented basement; large attic;
house *cost $l>000; 1 year old; lot 70^1(>0; must
be bold..
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath
etc. : easy payments. MURDQCK. 514 Pine!
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent:
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS..
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND 1 ROOMS.
TO let— 3 sunny unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. Apply 1307 E. 11th St.. Oakland.
O^vL^JVp^^unXiTURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap thls~7nonth! £T
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
< 1
I ROOjMjS^FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
i A QUIET and pleasant home for houselceeping^
suite of furnished sunny roo-ns; all complete:
cat. fcath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. EL James, McAllister and La-
rur.a sts. .-','. ;>" •
FELL. 222 — 1 neatly furnished rooms, $22.
FILLMORE. 2219. near Clay — 5 sunny fur-
nlshed rooms ; bath; nice yard; housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1202— Four furnished
rooms, first floor; gas range; laundry.
ROOMS for housekeeping; reasonable. ADDly
614 Minna n., near Sixth. .
STOCKTON. 120C— ilodel house; newly f Ur -
r.ished: gas, bath and Eunny; front and house-
keeping. • ¦
TEHAJIA, 44 — Two front housekeeping rooms.
TWENTY-THIRD, 3726. near Dolores— 4 nice
rooms complete. • . . .
VALKNCIA. 834 ',£— 3 rooms furnished com-
' plelc; Fink. gas. bath and porch..
VAN NESS ave., 402— Kntlre upper flat! i
rooms: neatly furnished; gas stove; bath,
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 -Va-
lencia et.A Souvenir for the Shriners.
Messrs. Belasco & Thall," the well
known theatrical managers, are wroth at
an article which appeared in. a newspaper
yesterday to the effect . thatvthey have
secured • a lease . of the Auditorium The
ater," San . Jose, for the - purpose of con
diictirigtperformances. there. Mr. Belasco
stated yesterday that he 'wished to deny
that he was Interested, in such a proposi
tion. He said , if Messrs* , Webster and
Roes 1 have,, secured- -control-'- of .that the
ater, it was^on. their, own. rdsp'onsiblllty,
and- the transaction had no connection
with the firm of Belasco & Thall of this
city.".' ¦ /• "i\v --¦-'.• ¦
Have Not Engaged Theater.
Public exposure of the Kern County
bond transaction and revelations relating
to the scandalous management of affairs
at San Quentin, together with the de
feat of the push at Sari Jose, have utterly
demoralized the machine forces. There
is no end of wrangling in the boss camp
of this city. The district henchmen of
the administration are misled and con
fused by various rumors. One day they
are advised that Burns will lead them in
the campaign and the next i day they are
toid that Johnny Mackenzie has the real
programme. Rumors that Martin Kelly
will be assigned to the leadership of the
push column deepen the general confu
sion. It is- conceded In all factions that
Gcge is practically out of the' race for
renomination. It is known ' that Herrin
and Crimmlns are working together in
the face of- Burns' public avowal that he
would "not do politics with any man high
or low that had anything to do with
Ciimmins.
There is not a great deal of activity at
the registration ofnee, when it is consid
ered that the primary election will take
place within less than two months. The
merchants and business men generally
are neglecting their duties. The working
znen axe making a creditable showing in
tne matter of registering for the ap
proaching election. The Primary League,
having organized a club in every Assem
bly district, will henceforth devote much
of its energy in the direction of enroll
ment on the register. Now is the time to
register, as the office is not crowded with
applicants.
Two months ago, when the Republicans
of California were confronted with the
danger of Gage's nomination for another
term as Governor, the Democrats readily
engaged In plans for a vigorous cam
paign. They fancied that victory could
easily be won if the Republicans put for
ward as their candidate a discredited and
unpopular exponent of push politics. The
San Jose election and other events have
low convinced the Democratic politicians
that the Republican-party, has no notion
of committing the : blunder of proposing
Gage for another term, hence the lack of
campaign enthusiasm among Democrats.
There is need of Republican vigilance,
however. It will be called to mind that
Democrats voting for Republican del
egates to the local convention in San
Francisco last year gave the bosses and
the railroad the power to control the con
vention and programme the nominations.
Republican citizens, in order to prevent a
looting of the city, were Impelled to de
feat the ticket put forward by the bosses.
Republicans should now adopt every
measure of precaution within the law to
prevent Democrats from voting for the
delegates to the Republican State con
vention. The leaders of the Democratic
party are so anxious for the nomination
of Gage that they will resort to any trick
or device to strengthen him. Word comes
from Los Angeles that the push forces in
that city ar» depending on Democrats to
help Gage In the south. The Inactivity of
tho Democratic County Committee of this
city and the peculiar attitude of leading
Democrats create the impression that Los
Angeles tactics may be introduced here
on tho 12th of August next.
Day Are Counter
manded the Next.
Orders Given Out One
BOSS HENCHMEN
IN CONFUSION
Mr. and Mrs. Henry T. Scott; of Bur
llngam* have ¦ been- entertaining ~ their
daughter and her husband, Mr. and Mrs.
Walter Martin.
Rabbi and Mrs. Isadore Myers. were "at
home" last evening at 1836 Sutter street.
Many friends called 'to offer parting good
wishes,. as the rabbi and*- his wife leave
for the East on Tuesday.
Miss EdithSlmpson and'.her mother are
having their summer outing at Los Gatos.
President David ? Starr 1 Jordan sailed
yesterday for the Samoan Islands, where
he . will . spend' his vacation. He . was ac
companied-by his. wife and son,. Knight.
Prince and Princess PonlatowskI and
Mrs. J. S. Tobin of Burllngame are at the
Laurel Dell Hotel, Laurel Dell. Dr. Henry
Kiested. U. S. A.: Mrs. F. W. Morrow.
Mrs. James Henry- Hayden and family,
of San Rafael, 'and Mr. .and Mrs. Theo
Schlueter of Oakland are also at the
Laurel Dell Hotel.
* • •
That the newly married couple are held
in high esteem by their many friends is
evidenced by the numerous, costly and
elaborate presents received by them.
They leave to-day for a fortnight's stay
in Lake County, and on their return will
reside at 250 Sixth avenue, in the Rich
mond' district.
' The bride was attended by her sister,
Miss Lydla A. Harrold, as maid of honor,
and Joseph W. Stapleton acted as best
man. The ushers were John F. Cunning
ham and Edward J. Keane.
The groom is well known in legal and
mercantile circles, having formerly been
deputy probate clerk under M. C. Haley,
and occupying for the past eight years
the position of manager of the extensive
shipping business of Neustadter Bros.
The. young lady, who has long been a
resident of the Mission district, is well
known in local school circles, having been
for some, years past a teacher in the
Hawthorne Primary School. When leav
ing the department, a fortnight ago, she
was the guest of honor at a reception
tendered to her ' by her sister teachers
and the principal, Mrs. S. R. Mann. The
bride is highly accomplished and, a pi
anist of ability.
A pretty and largely attended wedding
took place at Mission Dolores Church
last . evening, when Miss Veronica Har
rold, daughter of Mrs. Elizabeth Har
rold of 34S1 Nineteenth street,, and Pat
rick H. Farrell were joined in marriage.
The ceremony was performed by the Rev.
James Stokes," and was followed by a
reception and supper at the home of the
bride's mother.
A quiet wedding took place yesterday
afternoon at the Church of the Immacu
late Conception, Oakland, In which the
principals were Miss May Enos of San
Lcandro and William J. Kelly, chief of
The Call's art department. Mr. Kelly
has been on The Call staff for years, and
is held in the highest esteem not only
,by . his employers, but by those who
work day after day at his side. He is
a native of Pleasanton, Cal., and Is one
of the cleverest newspaper artists on
the coast. The bride is a daughter of
M. Enos, a well-to-do merchant of San
Leandro, and is a . strikingly beautiful
brunette. She was attired yesterday m
a most becoming wedding, gown of pale
gray crepe de chine. Narrow tucks and
point applique gave a girdle effect to. the
bodice, while the skirt was finished with
a wide .accordeon flounce. With, the cos
tume . was worn a. stylish hat of white
chiffon. Miss Marguerite Enos attended
her sister as maid of honor.. James Mc-
Govern was best man.
Mr. and Mrs. Kelly will reside on Van
Ness avenue in San Francisco.
FW. SHERWOOD, a prominent
young railroad man, and Miss
Ethel Shuck, daughter of Vice
O Principal Shuck of the Adams
Cosmopolitan School, are, to be
married on July 1. The ceremony will !
take place at the home of the bride's
parents, 1459 Geary street.
The bridegroom is city passenger agent
of this city for the Denver and Rio
Grande -Railway. Miss Shuck is well
known in social circles, and during the
.Spanish war was an energetic worker on
behalf of the Red Cross Society.
The young couple will spend their hon
eymoon in Southern California. :
WELL-KNOWN EDUCATOR'S
DAUGHTER WHOSE EN
GAGEMENT IS ANNOUNCED.
After the second dance. President Clark
of Yosemlte Parlojw approached Mrs. Ba
ker, who had been* invited ' to the stage
and . on behalf . of the Native Daughters
presented her with a- pair of diamond ear
rings. The recipient said that had the
gift been tendered her in the Grand Par
lor she would not have be"en surprised, as
•she had read of them In the papers, but
to have the same presented to her before
so large an assemblage was a surprise
She thanked the donors and would ever
cherish It as she loves all Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West Dr. Bertola
also made a few natriotlc remarks.
When Lunstedt and his party entered
he was somewhat astonished to see his
box so profusely decorated, but supposed
some of his friends wanted to pay him a
special honor. In a few moments after
the party had been seated an usher an
nounced that somebody had blundered in
showing him to that box, ¦ as it was thd
grand president's, but Lunstedt produced
his tickets and declined to vacate for the
grand president or any one else. There
was an effort to effect a change, but It
could not be done, and Lunstedt retained
the decorated stage box. •
Last night more than 1200 people attend
ed v the grand ball In Native : Sons' Hall,
which was beautifully decorated by E
M. Eisfelder, a prominent member of Bay
City Parlor of the Native Sons. There
were 400 in the grand march, which was
led by Grand President Mrs. Baker and
her husband, preceded a committee of
six young ladies. Many of the ladies were
attired in full evening dress. -
Not wishing to make an error, he asked
that it be shown to him, but by mistake
Lunstedt's box was pointed out. This he
decorated with silk flags and flowers and
over it hung the letters G. P. In golden
poppies.
DECORATES WRONG BOX.
An incident of the theater party on
Wednesday night made it rather unpleas
ant for the grand president. Some time
before the night of that party. Theo Lun
stedt, whose wife is a member of one of
the local parlors but not an adherent of
the party in power, went to the Alcazar
and bought a box for his wife, self and
three friends. During the afternoon of
Wednesday a decorator called at the the
ater and stated that he had been sent to
the place by the joint committee on en
tertainment to decorate ,the box which
had been assigned to the grand president.
FOB GRAND TRUSTEE.
The nominees for grand trustee are nu
merous. They are: Hannah ' Morris of
Dardanelle Parlor, Sonora; Rose Gnekow
of Joaquin Parlor, Stockton; Alana Stir
ling of Aleli Parlor, Salinas; Aga Lan
ders olVRamona Parlor, Martinez; Kath
ryn McGough of Darina Parlor, San
Francisco; Maud Wood of La Handera
Parlor, Sacramento; Sophie Wiihelm of
Manzanita Parlor, Grass Valley; Anna
Henderson of Los Plementos Parlor, San
ta Paula; Emma Thlerbach of La Ea
trella Parlor, San Francisco; Lucy S. Mil
ler of Marlposa Parlor, Marlposa; Ella
Floyd of Laurel Parlor, Nevada City;
Mary Kaler of Ruby Parlor, Murphys;,
Mary Halloran of Occident Parlor, Eu
reka, and Susie M. Kalthoff of Yosemlte
Parlor, San Francisco.
The important business at the after
noon session was the nomination of mem
bers of the grand body for the offices
that are te be filled during the ensuing
term. For grand president there was but
one nominee, Miss Eliza D. Keith, at
present grand vice president. The expect
ed opposition did not materialize. It was
the talk up to a few days ago that the
friends of Mrs. Baker, the incumbent,
would place her in nomination for a sec
ond term, and by so doing break the un
written law that . no president should
serve more than one term, but this was
not done. For grand vice president there
were nominated Ella Camlnetti of Ursula
Parlor of Jackson, wife of ex-Congress
man Caminettl, and Stella Flnkeldey of
Santa Cruz Parlor; for grand secretary,
Elizabeth F. Douglass of Alta Parlor of
this city and Laura j. Frakes of Amapo'ia
Parlor, Sutter Creek, the incumbent; for
grand treasurer, Annie Lacy of Las Lo
mas Parlor of this city and Amanda
Hammerly of Piedmont Parlor, Oakland,
the incumbent; for grand marshal, Emma
Lillie of Ivy Parlor, Lodi, and Emma
Greuber Foley of Orinda Parlor of this
city; for grand inside sentinel, Eva Bus
senius of La Esperanza Parlor, Los An
geles, and Mathilda Moak of San Jose
Parlor, San Jose; for grand outside sen
tinel, Teresa Muldoon of Chlspa Parlor,
lone, and Marguerite Richards of Wlnona
Parlor, Arcata. . . *
NOMINATIONS MADE.
Copa do Oro Parlor of Hollister pre
sented a form of memorial service for
the dead of the order, which was also
adopted, and will hereafter be used each
year by the subordinate parlors. .. .
Fraternal greetings were received from
Lewis F. Byington,. grand president of
the Native aons, from Henry Lunstedt,
grand secretary of the same order, and
lrom La Estreila Parlor, Native Daught
ers.
, The Grand Parlor received a congratula
tory letter from the joint ninth of Sep
tember celebration committee extending
a hope that the Native Daughters would
take part in the celebration to be held
on Admission day at Santa Rosa.
An Invitation was extended to the
Grand Parlor to take part in the unveil
ing of the Sloat monument at Monterey
on the 4th of July next. The Invitation
was accepted and the. grand body will
be represented there.
A resolution presented by , Piedmorfc
Parlor that the Native Daughters erect
in Pioneer Park on the apex of Telegraph
Hill a monument to commemorate. Betsy
Ross of Philadelphia, who made the lirst
American nag, was adopted and the
Grand Parlor will take the necessary
steps to carry out the provisions of the
resolution.
OT3W MEMOBIAX SERVICE."
At the morning session Grand Vice
President Eliza D. Keith read a well
prepared and lengthy report on behalf of
the - special committee appointed at the
previous session on historical landmarks
of California. The committee on ritual
presented a report in the matter of a
charge to be delivered to the organists in
subordinate parlors. Tina 1>. Kane, the
llrst grand president of the order, pre
pared the charge. It was adopted and
copies ordered printed for distriDUtion in
the subordinate parlors.
Yesterday's sessions of the Grand Par
lor of the Native Daughters of the Gold
en West were remarkably harmonious.
The matter of the status -of the new par
lor, Genevieve, has not yet been determined
by the grand body and. In anticipation
that an attempt will be made to pass the
matter over, a committee>from Minerva
Parlor had papers prepared yesterday to
bring the matter into court to have the
institution of the parlor declared null and
void, on the ground that it was placed
in the order in violation of the constitu
tion of the organization./ The papers are
al: ready and were verified yesterday af
ternoon before Notary Julius Callman.
Minerva Ready . to Move in
the Courts Against
Genevieve.
Harmony Prevails at the
Meetings of Yes-
GRAND PARLOR
NOW AT PEACE
Alicia St. Clalr, an orchardist residing
in Santa Clara County, filed a petition
in insolvency yesterday in the United
States District Court. She owes $3663 92,
and has no assets.
Insolvent Orchaxdist.
The principal burglaries with which he
will be charged were committed at the
residences of Joseph Cacia, 932 Powell
street, and S. F. Grissim, 1002 Leaven
worth street. He broke into Cacia's house
on .April 29 by forcing open a rear window
and stole a lot of valuable jewelry, in
cluding a lady's gold watch and chain,
diamond ring, gold brooch, two pairs of
geld cuff buttons, gold pins, and other
articles, most of which have been re
covered by Detectives Dinan and Wren.
At the residence of S. F. Grissim he broke
the glass of a window In the rear on
June 1 and obtained an entrance. H»
stole 64 pieces' of silverware, a gold
brcoch, a revolver and two razors. All
the articles have been recovered by De
tective Armstrong. Detectives Ryan and
O'Dea have also two or three cases
against him." r>",
Forrester's capture Is hailed with sat
isfaction by Chief Wlttman and Cap
tain Martin. He haa served three
terms for burglary. December 16, 18S2,
ho was sentenced to three years In San
Quentin; January 31, 1S90, to three years
in the same Institution, and October 23,
1&97, he received a sentence of five years,
being discharged May 21. 1901.
H. M. Forrester, alias William Forres
ter, alias William Foster, an ex-convict.-'
was arrested yesterday and will be booked
on several charges of burglary. The de
tectives have been looking for him for
some time and Detective Armstrong dis
covered yesterday that he was living in
a house on Clay street near Kearny. *c
His mode of operations was to ring tht^
doorbell of a house and if there was no
answer ho would go to the rear, forca
open a window with a "jimmy" and after
effecting an entrance would ransack the
rooms and steal whatever he could lay
his hands on. He drove a peddler's wag
en and if the doorbell was answered ho
would ask if any fruit was wanted. As a
rule he would sell the stolen property In
the country towns where he would drive
with his wagon.
Loots Several Houses
Under Guise of a
Peddler.
POLICE ARREST
NOTED BURGLAR
. Judge Hunt rendered a judgment for
$580 for the State of Nevada yesterday
against John Buckley, administrator of
the estate of Anna Howard. Mrs. How
ard was Insane, and was for fourteen
years a charge of the Sagebrush State.
Upon her death It was learned that she
was possessed of property worth $15,000,
and suit was brought to recover the cost
of her care. Judge Hunt decided, how
ever, that the State was entitled to but
S5SQ, the balance of the amount sued for,
J4720. being an outlawed debt." ¦
Nevada Secures Judgment.
He was sentenced by the Judge to pay a
fine of 5100, and the fine was paid to Con
way by the Chinaman. It was Conway's
duty to turn this amount over to\Frank
J. French, chief deputy in the County
Clerk's office. Mr. French testified before
the Grand Jury yesterday that Conway
had never turned this money over to him.
The Grand Jury will meet on Tuesday
next to take further evidence in the case.
Tho Grand Jury also took up the com
plaint against "scorchers'* filed by Thom
as Mellersh, secretary and controller of
the California Northwestern Kailroad.
who lives at 1S36 Fell street. Mellersh
was struck by a bicyclist and seriously
Injured on June L The blame, he say*
partially rests with the police.
The -Grand Jury took up the Conway
cases yesterday afternoon and put Expert
Elliott on the stand. Mr. Elliott testified
that he had gone through Conway's
books and had discovered that a China
man named Sing Kee, residing at 511 Bush
street, was arrested on May 27 and plead*
ed guilty in Judge Mogan's court to sell
ing opium Illegally.
Grand Jury Investigates
Charges Against
* Fugitive.
INQUIRES INTO
CONAWAY'S CRIME
MISS E. SHUCK
TO BE BRIDE OF
F.W. SHERWOOD
BADLY WRECKS
A TOWER HOUSE
Gar; Derailed by Draw
bar Crushes Two-Story
John McGrath Has Narrow
. Escape From
Death.
A Southern Pacific local freight train
of forty-seven cars, drawn by one
of the . big Mogul engines, .= No. 1719,
met with a slight mishap yesterday after
noon at 1 o'clock at . ¦• Twenty-sixth
and Guerrero streets. As the 'train
was approaching the two-story tower
house alongside of the track, the draw
bar pulled out from the head car and fall
ing on the» track was the means of de
railing the forward truck. The car in
swerving from the rails bounded against
the tower, house and totally demolished it.
The^- tower was turned completely
around and overturned. The roof was
wrenched off, and as the structure fell to
the ground the spectators were amazed
to see the form- of Gatekeeper John Mc-
Grath come rolling out through the aper
ture where once had been the roof.
Strange to relate, McGrath was found to
be but slightly injured, being bruised on
the head and limbs by the falling tim
bers. . .
Superintendent B. A. Worthington hap
pened to be on a passenger train
that followed the freight. He at once
made inquiries' into the affair and
under his direction the line was cleared
for the resumption of traffic within fif
teen minutes.
The train was in charge of Engineer
dowry and Conductor Byrne.
• After the workmen had assembled to
clear away the wreck McGrath. seemed
deeply moved- by some emotion.
Mr. Worthington, who was glad to see
that. the gatekeeper had not been serious
ly hurt, asked the reason of his depres
sion. v •
"I am "worried,' sir, at the loss of my
pipe and tobacco," said McGrath, and
straightway he went to the demolished
tower to try to recover the precious ar
ticles. Not succeeding in finding them.
John went to his lunch, but returned
hurriedly, still looking worried and again
he resumed a fruitless search among the
piled-up timbers of the tower for his pipe
and tobacco. ' •
The incident caused a good deal of
amusement to the onlookers, but John
McGrath continued sad over his loss.
A new one-story tower house will take
the place of the wrecked structure.
SHELDON LEAVES ESTATE
. TO WIDOW AND CHILDREN
Deceased Capitalist's Will Disposes
. of Property Valued at
' $1,125,000.
Mark Sheldon, the capitalist, who died
at his residence at 1001 Golden Gate ave
nue Sunday, June 1, has left, his estate,
worth 51,125,000, with the exception of a
few small bequests to nephews and
nieces, to his widow,- Agnes Margaret
Sheldon, and his children, Joseph A.,
Frank E. and Catherine C. Sheldon, share
and share. alike. His will was filed.yes
terday. • .
The document bears date of January 25,
1902, and names Joseph A. Sheldon and
Frank P. Sheldon as executors. .
FAILS TO PROVE
HIS RESIDENCE
Judge Graham' Refuses
to Grant F. H. Kimball
a Divorce.
Judge Graham refused to grant Freder
ick H. Klmball a divorce from, Minnie L.
Klmball yesterday, because of Klmball's
failure to prove that he was a resident of
California. >J
Klmball is at present in Chicago, and
his wife . resides in St. Louis, Mo. All
the evidence in the case was taken by
deposition, both the plaintiff and defend
ant offering a great deal of evidence, in
all; of which.lt was made evident that
tha Kimballs lived anything but a happy
life.
It was shown conclusively, . however,
that Klmball was not a resident of this
State. He based his claim of residence
here on the fact that he visited this city
two years ago as an agent for an East
ern mineral water, hired a room for a few
weeks, and departed, leaving , behind him
an empty trunk. He brought the suit for
divorce a short time after his return to
Chicago. .
Janet Arzner has filed a suit for divorce
against Louis Arzner, proprietor of the
Ferry Cafe, 16 Market street, charging
infidelity, and naming Mabel Palmer , of
415 Ellis street as co-respondent. Mrs.
Arzner brought a suit for divorce last
February, but the case never came up for
trial, a reconciliation having been effect
ed. Mrs. Arzner alleges that Arzner,' af
ter assuring her that he would do every
thing to make their future a happy one,
filed a declaration of homestead on their
home, which, she alleges, he had given to
her as a gift in April, 1901. The Arzners
have two . children.
Charles S. Rogers, who was married to
Clara R. Rogers in 1888, has filed a suit
for divorce, alleging that his wife left M*n
without any reason three years ago.
¦ A suit for divorce has been commenced
by Alfred P. .Fuller against Clara Fuller.
They were married at Ottawa, Kan., in
June, 1886, and have one child, a boy
aged 12. Fuller alleges that Mrs. Fuller
deserted him on April 15, 1900.
Gurd | Bertram Is being sued for divorce
by Sarah Bertram on the ground of de
sertion. She alleges that he left her six
months ¦ after . their marriage, in Decem
ber,-1900.- . . -
Divorces were granted to Max A.
Knaus from Kugenie H. Knaus for Infi
delity, Rachel Eugenie -Rankln from Jo
seph Rankln for conviction of felony,
Rosa : L. Neuhaus from Henry -Neuhaus
for intemperance, Fred W. Clark from
Agnes Clark for desertion. Bertha Bra
dy from F. L. Brady for desertion, H. B.-
Cohen from Estelle E. Cohen for deser
tion, and James A. Dinniene from Flor
ence DInniene for desertion.'/' : ,
RESCTTED FROM PERIL
BY LIFE-SAVING CREW
Rising Tide Surrounds Three Persons
Who Are Lunching on Cliff
House Rocks.
An elderly/ lady and two young girls,
while lunching near the Cliff House yes
terday afternoon,. were caught by the ris
ing tide. They were rescued from their
perilous position by Captain Varney and
his life saving crew from the ocean beach
station."
The three failed to notice the approach
of the waters and were surrounded by
the breakers. The waves dashed over the
rocks on which they were standing and
their cries attracted attention. A mount
ed police officer, attempted to reach them,
but was unable to do so. Finally the life
savers were . sent for, and by means of
ropes the people on the rocks were hauled
up to the roadway leading to the Cliff
House. They, refused to give their names
to the life-savers, but were profuse In
their thanks for the service rendered
them. ' . •
Devotions at St.: Francis.
Devotions -In honor of St. Anthony, of
Padua are now going on in St. Francis
Church. Vallejo street. The panegyric
of -the saint was preached last Evening by
Jtev. Father Oneslmus, "O.:F. M. The de
votions concluded with benediction with
the blessed sacraments •¦ . ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 13, 1902.
The suit of R. ?"W. Schultze and other
stockholders of the Independent Mining
Company against S. Kampe to recover
$10,000 worth of stocks alleged to have
been fraudulently, converted to his own
use by Kampe, was decided in favor of
tho defendant by Judge Sloss yesterday
Kampe Keeps Stock. *
Ah On followed the prisoner down to
the jail, talking excitedly in Chinese and
exhibiting her dainty wrists, which had
been bruised in the effort to ¦ snatch her
gold bracelets.
The maiden screamed In the most ap
proved Western fashion, and Policeman
"Webster came to, her rescue. He caught
the fleeing robber on Dupont street and
locked him up in the City Prison on a
charge of robbery. In his possession were
found two gaudy hairpins, which will be
held as evidence.
On Git, a Chinaman without an occu
pation, turned highwayman last evening,
and attempted to snatch the jewels and
hair ornaments of Ah On, a comely
maiden from the banks of the Hoang Ho,
who, in holiday attire, was "doing the
line" in St. Louis alley.
Snatches Hair Ornaments of a
Promenader.
On Git Turns Highwayman and
ATTEMPTS TO HOB
i^i A CHINESE MAIDEN"
St. Brigid's school held its closing ex
ercises yesterday afternoon ,in the Cen
tral .Theater. The entertainment was ex
cellent and was enjoyed by the parents
and friends of the scholars. The pro
gramme was full of novel features. The
children showed great versatility and
their clever work redounded to the cred
it of their instructors. More than three
hundred boys and girls took part in the
entertainment. They danced, sang, played
musical instruments - and produced
sketches with wonderful cleverness. The
costuming was correct in every detail.
Father Cottle, pastor of St. Brigid's
Parish, presented the diplomas to the
young children. A3 the medal winners
received trophies for work well done, they
were, showered with bouquets sent by
parents and relatives.
The entertainment opened with a chorus
"Holy Father, Hear Us" by Kunce. Miss
Agnes Kelly then delivered the salutatory.
Then came a piano solo by the follow
ing young ladies who sat at' six pianos:
Hisses M. Sullivan. M. Burin. S. Hencke. C
Mann, M. Carreras, 3X. Barry, £. Wallensteln,
M. Ward. It. Casey, M. Curtln. M. Cottle. L.
Courtier. J. Gaffney, B. Guttard.
"The return' of the heroes" brought
forth young soldiers and sailors whe
drilled with the precision of veterans.
The following took part: jn'O
Misses D. Frazer. M. O'Brien. A. Dolan. M.
Heffernan. M. McKew, E. Baldwin. H. Fltz
patrlck. P. Cavagnaro, G. Collins, M. Ott, C.
Clasby, A. Wilson. M. Furey. Masters R.
Johnson, C. Carlyje, G. Bruneman, H. Mohr,
W. Sullivan, B. Haskell. P. Stackhouse. L.
McDonnell.
The following young ladies rendered
"Keller's' Jubeltier":
Misses W. Hohweisner. E. Terry, M. McKew,
M. "Wilson. G. Collins. B. Dolan, M. Allen, H.
Galvin, E. Ortega, I. Weil. A. Henneasy, R.
Dunn, M. Cunningham, A. Arata, V. Taylor,
A. CVDea, N> Murphy, M. Dundon. S. Curley,
M. Furey, H. Curley.
The drill with musical dumb-bells was
an agreeable surprise. Fifty boys garbed
In blue and white sweaters exercised in
perfect time and won great applause.
Beethoven's Symphony Opus SI' was ar
tistically rendered by the following
named:
Misses I. Shlrek, J. Shlrek, J. Baldwin. Joan
Baldwin. G. Turner, G. Haley, J. McKew. E.
Donovan, M. Kearney, G. Dewey, G. Sullivan
B. Guttard. E. O'Nell; violinist. Miss A. Kelly.
• A scene from "Major Andre" was clev
erly presented by thirty youngsters. They
were attired in continental uniform and
rendered their lines with the skill of tried
actors. "Robert le Diable" by Meyerbeer
was well rendered the following young
artists:
Misses G. Dewey, L. O'Brien, M. Kearney,
M. Wallensteln, E. Wallensteln. S. Henche. W.
Hohweisner, E. Dolan, G. Turner, G. Sullivan,
B. Guttard, C. Mann, M. Cottle. R. Mulroney.
M. Barry, M. Burin. E. Haley, E. O'Neill, M.
Ward, S. Butterworth.
} Violins— Misses A. Kelly, J. Shlrek, Joan
Baldwin. G. Haley, I. Burin, J. McKew, K.
Donovan, I. Shirek. M. Kelly, J. Baldwin, M.
Casey.
Mandolins — Misses S. Curley, A. O'Dea, M.
McKew, M. Carreras, E. Kelly, E. Ortesa, H.
Galvin. M. Allen, J. Gaffney, G. Collins, M.
Furey. M. Dundon, E. Baldwin. Gene vie ve
Collins. . ¦ • ,
At the conclusion of the valedictory ad
dress delivered by Miss Joan Baldwin
Father Cottle presented diplomas and
medals as follows: - y ¦'¦
• Academic course - diplomas — Misses ¦ Joan
.Baldwin, Josephine Baldwin, Agnes Kelly,
Florence Jordan, Grace Turner.
' Grammar course dlolomas — Misses Mary Cot
tle, Nellie O'Keefe, Edna. Owens. Resina Her-
Hhy, Mercedes Carreras. Edith Donovan. Mary
Crowley, Eva Wallenstein. Theresa Lang. The
resa Malone, Katie Stanton, Hattle O'Nell,
Evangeline Burns, Adeline Ajruilhar. Hilda
Murray, Etta Brown. Mary Rhodes, May Tur
ner, Rexlna Mulroney, Edith Manners, Gene
vieve Peters: Masters William J. Clasby, Ed
ward V. Comber, Walter P. Kenney. Adriaa
J. Fisher. Albert J. Barblere. James G. Harri
son, Alfred I. Mohr. Edwin F. McMann, Leon
ard E. Grundell,' Frank R. Gratto, Frank P
Rhodes. William J. O'Connor.
Medals for general excellence — Misses Flor
ence Jordan. ¦ Vivian Taylor. Genevieva Pyne;
Masters William Clasby. Leo McGovern.
Medals for attendance — Misses Llllle Donlon,
Marion Dundon. Genevleve Collins; Masters
James Harrison. Albert Masrylnl.
Medals for music (Matthew's tenth rrade
completed) — Misses Judith Shirek, Joan Bald
win, Irraa Shirek. Grace Haley.
For Improvement In music — Misses Josephine
Baldwin, Acnes Kelly.
St. Brigid's School Holds
Exercises in Central
Theater. W
BRIGHT PUPILS
ARE GRADUATED
Bekins . Van and Storage Co. will move
and store your goods'. 630 Market street. •
. - ¦ - ».--- .¦"
Edward F. O'Brien, who while walking
In front of 42 Fourth street on June 12,
1900, was struck on the head by a heavy
scantllpg that- fell from the building, filed
a suit for $10,100 damages yesterday
against H. D. Nichols, .. the contractor,
who had charge of the -repair work-in
progress on the building at the time of
tho accident. '.; :
O'Brien Sues for Damages.
- Shriners. Get', this week"B .Waap; parade pic
tures; San ' Francisco illustrated; 60 ' pages.
Splendid souvenir. All news stands. 25 cents.*
Civil Service Examinations.
On July 8 an examination will be.l.cld
in San Francisco and other cities for the
position of engineer, bureau of chemistry.
Department of Agriculture, at a salary
of $2000 per annum, age limit 20 years or
over. Each competitor should submit a
thesis, not. to exceed 31)00 words, on some
problem embracing ' laboratory tests
¦which he has personally conducted on the
strength of materials of construction,
showing the commercial and scientific
value of the results obtained. Persons
who desire to compete should apply to the
United States Civil Service Commission,
Washington,. D. C, or to the secretary of
the local board of examiners, postofflce
for application forms 304 and 375, which
•should be filed with the commission at
Washington.
Cafe Zlnkand serves a substantial busi
ness men's lunch. ••
The Wasp has issued a splendid edi
tion, which will be appreciated by the
visiting members of the Mystic Shrine.
Thls~Tssue "illustrates San Francsco in
the days of '49 and its present state.
There are large engravings of the prin
cipal streets and buildings and fine vlew'3
of the many places of Interest in the city,
such as Golden Gate .' Park, . the Cliff
House, the Presidio and scenes on- the
bay.' A fine cartoon shows San Francisco
extending 1 the hand of welcome to our vis
iting guests, and is accompanied by a
poem of greeting. Several views of the
Shriners' parade, with pictures of the
different drill corps in uniform, are som6
of the features of this edition. • The paper
is handsomely printed, with cover 1 in
purple and sold,- and is unrivaled as a
souvenir for our visitors to take, home
with them. 'On sale at all newsdealers.
Price 25 cents. '. . •
12
P^HhL JftWn Ktsl Jfc P-ja Sj EsSl '- Rm38^ 19 .
Mellin's Food and fresh milk is, phys-
iologically, a proper infants' food;
it contains the correct amount of
necessary nutritive elements, and
combines them in the right propor-
tion, and does not introduce insoluble,
indigestible and non-nutritious con-
stituents. Mellin's Food is a food,
that feeds. \ t
Send for a free sample of Mellin's Food and our book, M Meffin's Food Babies." Th«
sample contains sufficient Mellin's Food to give your baby several meals.
The book will show you what Mcllia's Food has done for other children.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS-
5 JJWVnSAX
foamy and Satter Sts.
The Best $1.00 Gloves
Our Ladies' AMAZON glace Kid Gloves are the . most
popular glove ever introduced in San Francisco — made ex-
clusively for us by one of the best makers in the world and
are thoroughly dependable as to quality, style, fit . and
wear — Come with two-clasps, embroidered backs, and in
all colors including White and. Black — Every pair /ft-g rv /\
is guaranteed and will be fitted if desired — We I jfll
have them; now in all sizes for W/Ie Uv
A Wash Goods Sale
Hundreds of yards of standard GINGHAMS are on sale
to-day — Some are in the prettiest of checks, others are in
choicest of stripes, all in newest colorings — one of the ¦* /v
season's best wash, fabrics for -waists and children's I |I/T
dresses — Price whilethey last, per yard JLvV
Choice Draperies |5c
These are Fancy Figured CRETONNES-one of the daintiest
of cotton draperies, • in a great variety of new designs par-
ticularly adapted for Portieres, Bed Spreads and Bed--jp
room curtains — come in all the favorite colors— such as I Wf*
Pink, Sky, RedandDelphe Blue-on sale to-day, per yd. lt/V
, Splendid Hosiery Values
To-days' offerings consist of recent importations of the
best makes and styles of Hosiery — all of excellent qualities,
and bought by us at prices that enable us to offer. to you the
following exceptionally fine values :
Ladies' Black Cotton Hose. 40 gauge, extra fine for summer O^^
wear; double soles, heels and toes; special at, per pair-
Ladles' Fancy Lisle Hose In beautilul new designs— also Black CA.
lace effects in aliover or ankle designs, extra fine at «JUC
Boys 1 Fast Black Cotton Hose, heavy ribbed, spliced heels, O^/*
double soles and knees— all sizes 7 to io, per pair ZdDQ,
Misses' Fine Ribbed Black Lisle Hose, light weight, suitable O^/*
for warm weather— all sizes 6 to 9— Special at, per pair £%jQ.
Ladies' Bathing Suits
Another big value for to-day— Ladies' Black Cotton Bathing
Suits, neatly trimmed with white braid — all sizes /)%/« A A
32 to 44— fits and looks well— nothing like it 7 ||jl
ever offered at the price CJ/Mtvif
Sale of Bed Spreads
Here is a lot of heavy white crochet^ Bed Spreads, large
enough for the largest size, bed, in a variety (t\4 p»/v
of handsome Marseilles patterns — now on sale AL § J^ll
at the special price, each vjjfitt/v
i j;' ADVERTISEMENTS.
S^UvMP&k We ak Eyes Strengthens^
tf£JS$*£C P*l»ful or Inflamed eyes IaT
-ya«B«tf*5» rtantly relieved with GliORUH
ft>=2uJ5« WAYHRLE'S German Eya
W/fXJ$^ Water. 60c. at 1071 Mirks*
T/''*.^ it. Tel. South 672* None g«a«
%Va, filn* without tai * tr&d«mar%
Golden Gate I
Cloak am I
The Largest Exclusiva Cloak I
and Suit House West of |
New York City. |
GREAT
REDUCTIONS!
TAILOR-MADE SUITS I
$42 At Reduced Prices.
. SILK GARMENTS I
At Reduced Prices.
JACKETS • L
At Reduced Prices. I
SILK DRESS SKIRTS [
At Reduced Prices.]
CLOTH SKIRTS 1
At Reduced Prices, 1
At Reduced Prices. I
Misses' & Child's Jackets 1
:; h: At- Reduced Prices. 1
1230-1232-1234 MARKET ST. |
WALKING HATS,
$4.00, $5.00, $6.00.
TWO-THIRDS PRICE— HALF-PRICE
-OR LESS.
TT« ha/re ererjr right to expect our second
floor to be thronged with busy buyers every
btislaees minute to-day — and to-morrow.
Such bata were never before offered at eucb.
prloes. Part of the ofrertnc is a sample
collection of fresh and perfect 'bats that
Juet came to v us at a fraction of their worth.
The balance is regular etocU. which w«
have reduced resrardlegs of profit or lose,
so as to hare price harmony throughout
the department. It's the chance of the
•casoa. /
DfiESS HATS,
$4.00, $5.00, $6.00.
REGULAR PRICES-PROFITS EVEN
COSTS— SINK INTO OBLIVION
NOW.
Ton've never bad the opportunity to buy
bats combinlnc such exquisite taste and
euca stylish ideas for lees tbata. double these
prices.
** THE FURRIER \
2I90rant Avenue