PRINCE HENRY OF PRUSSIA
SAYS FAREWELL AND SAILS
AWAY FOR THE FATHERLAND
BOER EMISSARY SAYS KITCHENER NEEDS QUARTER MILLION
ADDITIONAL TROOPS BEFORE HE CAN CONTROL SOUTH AFRICA
Continued on Page Two^
PORT TOWNSEND, Wash., March 11.
—Prospectors returning from - the coast
south of Cape Flattery reported finding
wreckage on the beach near Cape John
son, which consisted of the scroll figure
head of a vessel. On_the side of the
figurehead was a shield similar to that
carried on revenue cutters. It had a blue
background, with gilt stars at the top,
the stripes being red and white. It bore
indication of having been in the water
but a short time. The wood in places
was indented, which indicated that the
vessel, to which! it belonged had been In
a collision.
Like Those Carried on Reve
nue Cutters.
Includes a Figurehead and Shield
WRECKAGE IS CAST UP •
NEAR CAPE FLATTERY
jg-. ONDON, , March 11.— Although
tjS the Boers in London regard.
E Delarey's victory* over Methuen
Iff , as an extremely brilliant and
*$^~~n£j important affair, they com-
ment on the battle in a tone of
subdued rejoicing. The foremost of the
secret Dutch emissaries In England said:
"Let no one suppose -we imagine our
selves out of the woods simply because
a Eoer general has overcome a large force
of the enemy commanded by an officer of
high rank and considerable fame. The
4rtcKleiU-~ decides ¦ netting, -though it nat
urally "deeply stirs the Boer heart a.n3
does something to eradicate the gloom
cf the burghers' bereavements, sacrifices
and trials, but the resolve of the patriots
to accept no humiliating peace wa3 al
ready fixed and irrevocable.
"Lord Kitchener, will need a quarter of
a million additional troops before he will
be able to control South Africa or offer
any sort of safety either to soldiers or
civilians."
MUST SEE IT THROUGH.
There is little disposition to minimize
the Beer victory, but everywhere is heard,
the determination to maintain the tradi
tion that blows serve to strengthen and
stiffen British resolution. Lord Rosebery
struck the popular note to-day in a speech
It-fore the Glasgow students. He admitted
that it was heartbreaking after all the
expenditure of life, time and money, but
he added:
"It witl not dishearten us. We have got
to zee this thing through. We must tako
the blows which fortune deals us with
eauanfmity, showing ourselves worthy of
Letter fortunes."
Lord Rosebery expressed the hope that
more prosperous times were in store, and
that in the future "it would be our prouil
memory that when our country passed
thrcugh the storm, we did not for a mo
ment flinch and were not for an instant
dismayed."
ANXIETY FOR GRENFELL.
Reports from the Continent that the
defeat of General Methuen was followed
by another fight, also favorable to the
Boers, occasion some anxiety, owing to
the absence of news from General Gren
ffcll's column of 1300 men, which left
Klerksdorp to join General Methuen. It
is thought that possibly General Delarey
may have attacked Grenfell. ¦ v
War Secretary Brodrick. when asked In
the House of Commons to-day what step3
had been taken, In view of the success of
the Boers against Methuen, to send Lord
Kitchener reinforcements, said 6000 yeo
manry would be immediately embarked
with l&rge drafts of cavalry and infantry.
Lord Kitchener would be given all the
assistance he asked for.
SYMPATHY FOR METHUEN.
Baron von Richthofen's Feeling
Words in the Prussian Diet.
BERLIN, March fL— In the Prussian
Diet to-day the Foreign Secretary, Baron
von RIchthofen, after reading the answer
of the British Government permitting the
delivery of German charitable gifts to the
Boers In the South African concentration
camps under the surveillance of the camp
authorities, declared that the reply guar
anteed a just distribution and added:
"The English and German nations are
connected by 'ties of blood, race an<t
friendship. They are cousins who may
again find themselves side by side. Gen
eral Methuen deserves our complete sym
pathy. As the military attache to the
British Embassy in Berlin he enjoyed the
esteem of Emperors William and Fred
erick."
The sacrifices that Great Britain had
made ' in blood and treasure, said the
Foreign Secretary, made It only humanly
natural that her susceptibilities should be
come more acute. Every harsh word was
uoubly felt by her. . Every friendly ad
dress was accepted with double gratitude.
If the members of the Diet wished to se
cure the co-operation of the British in
, It is understood the city has no ob
jection to the use of the embankment.
The South Side Improvement Club has
been formed, with many influential cit
izens as members, to induce the railroad
to abandon the R street , road altogether
and permit its use as a boulevard. It Is
believed, however, the company intends
to hold on to it for the movement of part
of its freight business.
Judge Ogden decides that McCarthy has
no claim in the premises: that the city
obtained the strip of land many year3
ago for a levee and allowed the railroad
to put a track upon it, and that if any
party has a right to object to the use of
the track it is the city.
SACRAMENTO. March 11.— A decision
filed in the Superior Court of this
county by Judge F. B. Ogden of Alameda
County determines a suit which has long
been pending between Daniel McCarthy,
a wealthy land owner near Brighton, and
the Southern Pacific Company. For more
than thirty-five years the trains from
Placerville and Stockton have come into
Sacramento by way of the R street em
bankment, running the entire length of
the city, and thence along the water
front. Several years ago the railroad
company, to save distance and otherwise
facilitate the handling of its passenger
trains, decided to abandon R street and
run the trains fj-om Brighton Junction
across an old embankment to its main
lines on B street and thence to the depot
An obstacle to this move was raised by
Daniel " McCarthy, who claimed that a
stretch of the embankment running from
Brighton belonged to his farm. Judge*
Ogden was called in to try the case and
a great legal battle was fought, culminat
ing in yesterday's decision.
Disputed Embankment at
Sacramento.
Company May Lay Rails Along a
COURT'S DECISION FAVORS
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC)
Disaster to Methuen
Causes Further Re*
inforcements.
LORD KITCHENER, COM
. MANDER OF THE BRITISH
TROOPS IN SOUTH AFRICA.
Count von Waldersee has postponed his
journey to the United States for a year.
It is believed that the representations
made by Prince Henry and the courteous
manner in which he has been received will
result in a liberal policy toward Germany
and no objection will be made to Ger
many's security of protection such as
England obtains through the possession
of islands in the West Indies, the French
through Martinique and the Dutch
through Curacao.
German investors complain bitterly that
the Government cannot offer sufficient
protection to warrant them in holding the
property claimed, j
Germany cannot offer protection because
of tb^limitaubns.af. the M!pnr pa- doctrine,
and ' only the ' L'nited States ~is ""able to
convert these roads into dividend-paying
properties and demand justice in South
American courts.
A naval demonstration and aggressive
action are planned as the only way to bring
Brazil to terms. According to leading
German financiers the situation is most
critical. An announcement made several
day ago that the syndicate controlling a
Venezuelan railroad was endeavoring to
sell it to American capitalists is con
firmed. This alarm3 German officials.
American control of the Venezuelan rail
way and the Southwest Railway of Brazil
mean3 a loss of German trade and pres
tige. /
Brazil claims that the German investors
did not fulfill the stipulations of the con
cession and this is sufficient cause to re
peal the franchise.
BERLIN, March 11.— Strong protests are
being made at the German Foreign Office
by the Disconto Gesellschaft Bank and
other institutions interested in railway
properties in the South American repub
lics. The Disconto Gesellschaft Bank is
now asking protection against the Brazil
ian Government, which is understood to be
on the point of confiscating a railway
which is already in the hands of a re
ceiver favorable to the Government.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Bankers Seek to Pre=
vent Loss of
Trade.
Claim Is Made That
Railway Will Be
Confiscated.
Plea for Naval Demon
stration Against
Brazil.
GERMANS
WHO CRY
FOR AID
ST. LOUIS, March 11.— William F. Hoff
meister, iate supreme recorder of the Le
gion of, Honor, who committed suicide
January 21 wlthin'twelve hours after be- ;
ing defeated for re-election, was short in
his accounts with the lodge to, the amount
of $30,514, as was . announced in a signed
statement ¦ to-night by , the; officers of the
order, who had Just finished an ; examina
tion y o£ the.:books in collaboration with an
expert 'accountant.: The defalcations are
shown 'as extending ; over ' ten . years. ;
Defaulter for Ten Years.
Police "Court detectives had been look
ing for him ; for, many months to serve a
warrant obtained . by., his wife on' June 17,
1901. The detectives were unable to find
him, but the Count appeared in court vol
untarily, he said, as he had ¦ heard men
w'ere'lnquirlng after him..
NEW YORK, March 11.— Count Gyula de
Festetics, whose domestic troubles have
been frequent : during, the last two years,
appeared in- the West-side Police Court
this morning to answer to the charge of
abandonment. . "
His Wife's Charge of Aban
donment.
Count Festetics Appears to Answer to
FOOLS THE DETECTIVES,
BUT COMES TO COURT
BT. PETERSBURG. March 11.— Severe
earthquake shocks recurred at Shamaka,
Trans-Caucasia, Sunday. About 12,000 per
sons are destitute as a result of the sub
terranean disturbances which occurred at
Shamaka about the middle of February. .
Thousands Are Destitute.
The Government gunboat . General Pin
zon left Porto Colombia March 7 with
troops for Rio Hacha.
A newspaper of recent date published
at Honda, on the Magdalena River, con
tains an account of a battle fought at
Soacha, near Bogota, February . 23, in
which the revolutionists numbered about
2000, while the Government had 3000 men
engaged. The revolutionists lost 200 men
killed or wounded and had 400 men taken
prisoners.
COLON, Colombia, March 11.—Accord
ing to news received here from Barran
quilla, the revolutionists recently occu
pied a section of the Magdalena River two
miles long, between Penon and Cerro.
On the approach of volunteer troops from
Santander the revolutionists retired to the
interior of the department.
400 Were Made Prisoners.
Death or Received Wounds and
Colombian Ne^fespaper Says 200 Met
MANY INSURGENTS
ARE KILLED IN BATTLE
"HOBOKEN, N. J., March ML— The
President of the United States: On this
day of 'my. departure* I- beg to thank you
personally, . as > well as the ¦ nation whose
guest I , have been, for 'all . the kindness, '
¦¦-¦•¦¦-.¦>'•;'
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The follow
ing, exchanges took place to-day between
Prince Henry of Prussia, who sailed for
Europe on the' Deutschland, "and Presi
dent' Roosevelt: .
F ABE WELL GREETINGS.
The imperial yacht Hohenzollerri started
en her homeward trip at 2:40 this after
noon. ; A crowd -witnessed the- departure
of the ship at her pier, and a cheer,, from
the people was answered with a salute
by whistle from the, Hohenzollern. For
an hour before -the time for sailing tho
crew and • officers of the Hohenzollern
hold a levee; bidding farewell ,to friends.'
The Hohenzollern is under orders to pro
ceed; to Bermuda, where it wiil make its
first stop.
The Prince's apartments on . the
Deutschland include the captain's cabin
and three other adjoining rooms, especial
ly connected for the use of his Royal
Highness. The social. hall on the Deutsch
land was beautifully decorated with flow
ers, and there was a profusion of them In
the Prince's suite of rooms. The company,
had also tastefully decorated the pier.
The Deutschland sailed at 3:45 o'clock.
As she moved away from the ' pier the
cheering was continuous. The Prince ap
peared on the bridge and j bowed. All
down North River the passing tugs and
craft of every description gave the great
liner and her distinguished passenger a
noisy send-off. At the Battery, which
was reached at 4 o'clock, a crowd cheered
as the vessel steamed down the bay. The
Deutschlarid reached the Narrows at 4:35
p. m. Forts Wadsworth and Hamilton
fired salutes, which were answered by
the Deutschland, " and* the garrison at
Fort Wadsworth lined up on the bluff un
til the steamer had passed out 'Into the
lower bay. The, Deutschland is due at
Hamburg on Monday next.
GIVEN NOISY SEND-OFF.
When the ship sailed all the approaches
and the pierhouse were crowded. The
first cabin section of the Deutschland was
packed all the afternoon with passengers
and their friends, . and in many cases
v/omen had to be rescued from the crush
to see the Prince.
County, Xew Jersey, appeared on' the
deck of the Princess" Victoria Louise,
which lay alongside the Deutschland, and
sar.g a number .of selections. Prince
Henry appeared on the bridge of the
Deutschland ' with Captain Albers and
bowed his acknowledgments repeatedly.
"WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON,
March 11.— Henry, . Prince of Prussia,
Steamer Deutschland. Hamburg Dock, Ho
boken, N. J. : Not only have I enjoyed your
visit personally, but on behalf of . my
countrymen I wish to express to you the
pleasure it has been to see you and the
real good I think your visit has done in
promoting a feeling of friendship between
Germany and the United States. It is my
earnest wish that this , feeling may
strengthen steadily. Mrs. Roosevelt sends
her. warm regards, and so would Miss
Roosevelt if she were not absent. Pray
present my heartiest greeting to his Ma
jesty the German Emperor. .Again I
thank you for your visit and wish you all
good luck wherever you may be.
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT."
"HEINRICH, Prlnz von Prussen."
you every possible success, and. pray, re
member me to" Mrs. Roosevelt and Miss
Roosevelt, who so charmingly and with
so much . pluck, accomplished her task
when launching his Majesty's yacht
Meteor. Once more,' most hearty thanks.
May we meet again. .
consideration and good feeling I have met
with during my visit to your interesting
country. I hope' that my. j visit has in
creased the. feelings of friendship between
the country I . represent and the United
States. Bidding you farewell, let me wish
Shortly before the Deutschland sailed
the United Singing societies of Hudson
An Incident of the forenoon was the call
of the committee of forty New York let
ter carriers, representing the New York
branch of the Letter Carriers' Association!
They came to present to x the Prince a
bronze tablet in commemoration of the
martyred Presidents of the United States
—Lincoln, Garfleld and McKinley, The let
ter carriers failed to see the Prince and
were received by Admiral von . Secken
dorff in his behalf. In thanking them the
admiral said his Royal Highness, in return
for the present, would send to the New
York Letter Carriers' Association his
portrait, with autograph, to hang on the
walls of the organization's room in New
York.
FAIL TO SEE THE PRINCE.
Immediately after the luncheon . at
the Prince's Invitation the party went to
the commander's bridge of the Deutsch
land, and were there photographed. Then
the .real leave-taking began. The final
farewells were said by members of the
German Embassy at Washington.'
' "This Is the badge of that which I have
been admiring during my entire stay in
the United States— American Beauty."
He placed the flower in his buttonhole,
and each .guest followed his example. .
The members of the party that accom
panied the -Prince on his tour were his
guests at luncheon. Covers were laid for
twenty-eight persons in the dining room
of the steamship, and music was fur
nished by "the band from the Hoherizol
lern. At the close of the luncheon, when
it came to saying good-by, the Prince,
taking a rose from the table, said:
"I thank the citizens of New York for
all their kindness to me, which I appre
ciate deeply. If I should return to Amer
ica I should feel when I reached New
York that I was once more at home."
His 'last day in America
was spent entirely on board the Deutsch
land, but it was filled with pleasant inci
dents. The Prince breakfasted early, and
about 10 o'clock began to receive official,
farewell visitors, including representa- I
tives of Germany in this country and
those of the United States Government.
Mayor Low of New York was also a
caller, and the Prince, in bidding him
farewell, gave a hint that he had some
intention of returning to America for a
second visit. The Prince, in replying to
the Mayor's expressions, said:
¦j— -y EW V O RK - March 11.— Princj
/rak 7 Henry cf Prussia sailed for
/ / Germany on board the
/ Hamburg - American liner
-JL .... Y Deutschland this afternoon.
The woman was arrested on suspicion
of being connected with the murder of
Benjamin Pearson, one of the five mur
dered men whose bodies have been found
in the river. She denies that she was
guilty of this crime, but admits that some
of her gang discussed the commission of
it. On the strength of her confession a
white man named Punch Prim and a
negro woman known as "Mary Jane"
have been arrested and are in jail. All of
them have been diligently "sweated" and
Sheriff Landry stated to-night that he ex
pected a full confession not only of the
murder of Pearson but of others. A grew
some fear is taking possession of the town
that perhaps a dozen men among those
who have come to Beaumont and were
afterward reported as missing have been
murdered and that their bodies are yet at
the bottom of the river.
BEAUMONT.. Tex.. March 11.— Mattie
Bennett to-day confessed to Sheriff
Landry that she was the head of a gang
of negro women and white men who /have
for months been luring men into her
house, drugging them, knocking them on
the head and then robbing them. If they
died they were dragged to the river and
thrown in. If they were only stunned they
were dragged out of the house to a re
mote part of some street and left there
for pedestrians or policemen to find.
Aided in Killing and Bob
bing Men. .
Texas Woman Confesses That She
SAYS HER BUSINESS
"WAS SIMPLY 'MURDES,
JOHN BULL : " Thai is ' The Sweetest Story Ever told. ' "
"The case of Cuba has been held as an
example of what we could do in the Far
East. I believe my experience in both
cduntries has given me an insight into
the character of both peoples. There are
forty Cuban leaders who are the superiors
of any leader the Filipinos ever had.
There is no comparison between the two.
And I am not lying awake, either, think
ing how I love the Cubans.",
"We are informed that Major Waller,
one of the bravest and best officers in the
army, is to be court-martialed because he
shot some natives who stole the food from
his starving men. If that Js true, I say
bully for .Waller. I am glad he did it.
The great mass of the- natives In the
Philippines do not know what independ
ence is." Ninety-five per cent want to be
left alone and prefer to '¦be governed by
others than themselves.
"Two negro soldiers deserted our army
and for a time served in the insurgent
army. They were caught and hanged,
it would have been more an act of justice
had we hanged people who signed the
recent petition to Congress asking that
¦a-e confer with the Philippine leaders in
an effort to secure peace. In the one case
two ignorant beings were executed, while
in the other people more guilty than they
and in full possession of their senses were
allowed to go free.
"Had it not been for the so-called peace
party in the States the insurrection wouid
have been suppressed finally in January,
1900. Since that time 600 lives have been
sacrificed and millions of dollars have
been spent. Were it not for the hope of
the few leaders still under arms that the
United States is on the verge of a civil
war in their behalf, all resistance wouid
be at an end.
CHICAGO. March 11. — General Freder
ick S. Funston was the guest of honor at
an elaborate banquet held to-night in the
clubhouse of the Marquette Club, mem
bers of the Lincoln Club also sharing in
the occasion. General Funston in his
speech said:
Gallows Would Suit
Some Americans,
He Says.
Signers of a Petition
for the Filipinos
Stir Ire.
Sharp Language Used
by Aguinaldo's •
Captor.
FUNSTON
ADVISES
HANGING
CHINESE
PRESENT
PROTEST
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCI.—NO. 102.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902:
large majority In favor of the ratification
of the treaty providing for the ealei of
the Danish "West Indie* to the United
fit&tea.
executive session, to-day voted by a
COPENHAGEN. March 11.— The Folke
thing, in committee of the whole and la
Folkething Ratifies the Treaty.
Fleishman was formerly cashier of the
bank, and. it is alleged, wrongfully con
verted to his own use funds of the bank.
An attachment for $30,000 was Issued
against his property December 27, 1901.
NEW TORK, March 1L— Judgment by
default for J90,000_ was entered to-day
against Hairy J. Fleishman in favor of
the Farmers' and Merchants 1 Bank -of
Los Angeles, CaL
in the Story of the
Cashier.
JUDGMENT BY DEFAULT
IN FLEISHMAN CASE
— — •
Legal Process Ends Another Chapter
Regarding the Embassador
From Germany.
WASHINGTON, March 1L— Surprise is
expressed in Washington at the report
that Herr von Hollcben, the German Em
taFsadcr, has been recalled.
If he has been ordered to Berlin, this
I action was taken upon the initiative of
the German Government and without any
suggestion from the United States. Herr
von Holleben is persona grata to this
Government, and it was supposed that he
is acceptable to Emperor William. As a
mark cf his approval for the suggestion
that Prince Henry visit the United States
the Emperor recently conferred upon the
Krabassador the Order of Red Eagle. At
the German Embassy preparations are
being made in anticipation of the return
lit the Embassador to-morrow. Nothing
/\Ss known of his probable departure from
this country. If the Embassador had been
ordered home it is said that he would
have advised the embassy and have made
arrangements for presenting his letters
cf recall to the President.
Officials Axe Puzzled About a Story
HUMOR OF HIS RECALL
SURPRISES WASHINGTON
Germany is the only nation which In
eistB upon continued occupation of Tien
tsin, and this is believed to be due to her
desire to force China to grant concessions
in Shantung for which she has asked.
The recent protest pent by the United
States to Russia against the acquisition
by the Russo-Chinese Bank of exclusive
concessions in Manchuria applies to other
parts of the empire as well as to the
northern provinces. Germany understands
this fact, and will undoubtedly be in
fluenced by it in carrying out her designs
in the F?.r East.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
If. W.. WASHINGTON, March 11.—Posi
tive assurances have been given the
"United States by Germany that she will
evacuate the province of Chili, China, as
toon as the Chinese Government carries
cut certain guarantees which it has given
to the powers. Equally strong assurances
have been given that Germany has no in
tention of acquiring exclusive concessions
in the province of Shantung. In view of
these representations there is no disposi
tion to question her polic3\ but it is stated
that this Government will expect her to
keep her word.
GEBMANY'S ASSTJBANCES.
Chinese exclusion law by the
United States. The Government here par
ticularly objects to the exclusion of Chi
nese from the Philippine and Hawaiian
Islands, representing that the Chinese had
acquired extensive commercial interests
there and were closely connected with the
Islands by family ties, so that repression
*>t free intercourse would result in-pecu-
Jiar hardships.
PEKING. March 11.— The Chi
nese Government has presented
to the United States Minister.
Mr. Conger, a strong memorial
against the re-enactment of the
Memorial Against the
Re-enactment of
Exclusion.
EDWIN HURD CONGER, MIN
ISTER OF THE UNITED
STATES TO CHINA.
BRITAIN
TO SEND
NEW MEN
The San Francisco Call.
AUF WlEDERSEHEN!
Visit of the Emperor's Brother Is Brought to a Fitting Close by
Appropriate Exchanges of Friendly Sentiment Between
Germans and Americans,- JOLIET, 111. , March ll.*-Former Gover
nor John P. Altgeld was stricken with
paralysis as he closed his 'speech before a
pro-Boer t meeting, here to-ntght: He is
now; in a serious condition at ' the; Hotel
Monroe and: unable to : rpeal:. The ex-
ALTGELD IS PARALYZED.
The interview was private, but it is un
derstood that while promising to look into
the matter, Lord Lansdowne gave -but
faint' encouragement to the delegation. "
LONDON, March 11.— Delegates from a
number of chambers of commerce visited
the Foreign Secretory/ Lord Lansdowne,
at the Foreign Office to-day and presented
a memorial relative to British trade with
Cuba, pointing out that it was feared that;
when the ; administration of that island
waa handed over to the Cubans a recipro
city treaty would be negotiated, admitting
Cuban products into the United States at
reduced duties, and granting correspond
ing preferential "terms to American pror
duc'ts' and manufactures by Cuba.
"The United States," says the memorial,
"when declaring war on Spain, explicitly
stated that its action would be limited, to
freeing Cuba from Spanish rule. It was
therefore understood by those in | Europe
engaged in trade with Cuba that no meas
ures would be adopted at the conclusion of
the war which would restrict or destroy
their trade with that island.
"Such a reciprocity treaty as that anti
cipated would undoubtedly put an end to
European trade with the island. The
cnambers therefore most earnestly request
that the utmost effort be made by his Ma
jesty's Minister at Washington. to prevent
the signing of any such treaty, or, at
least, to see that the most favored treat
ment of Cuba be continued to this nation.
It is represented that French and German
interests would suffer by a.- reciprocity
treaty and it is suggested a joint protest
might be effectual in preventing a change
adverse to the interests of Europe In trade
with Cuba." . .
With Cuba May Decrease.
- ¦ ' / - — "*
British Merchants Fearful That Trado
ALARMS EUROPE.
WASHINGTON, March ll.^C. H. Wes
tels and A. D. Wolmarans, the Boer dele
gates In this country, had- a talk with
President Roosevelt, to-day. ";In the course
of their, interview to-day> they~stated that
they desired to particularly 'make known
to .the President that they neither asked
ior, desired nor expected intervention on
the part of this country or any other
country. .
"A number of mistakes have been print
ed about our mission to this country since
we came to Washington,"- said Wessels,
"and the worst one is that we are. trying
to get Intervention. We know that this
Is not possible, and as a matter of fact
v;c don't want it. What we do want,
.however, and what we have' laid before
the American Government is a request
that civilized warfare be Inaugurated In
South Africa. That is all we want now.
We. have not put before the authorities
any request that this or that plan be
adopted. to insure the carrying out of the
rules of civilized N warfare! but we will
leave that wholly,' to the Govern'ment to
take whatever steps it sees fit. We want
a fair and square fight. We are confident
that we will be able to keep this war go
ing for a number of. years yet, .and we
think that all civilized nations,- especially
the United States, are interested in the
proper rulea of warfare belng\carried out.
We can point out numerous instances of
foul work. It is' particularly noticeable
that the; British press comments upon
the probability that General Methuen will
be given decent care by the : Boers who
S?J' tu ,! ed 5 lM Vjfew.days afo. Yet what
did they, do with General Scheepers and
a, number of others? They killed Scheep
ers. That ,story from England points to
its own moral and- an important one too
VPrefcideht Kruger is not seeking Inter
vention in Europe, arid all stories of that
kind may be denied whenever they are
seen.. The,: Boers hav;e. nothing to lose
and all to gain, by keeping up this fight
ing.: They may call It guerrilla warfare
if they want, but it is at least ¦ humane
warfare. ->;.v.- ¦ . ' ¦ -' v ¦ •
NOT SEEKING INTERVENTION.
The Assignee Sale of Clothing
Is selling men's all wool suits, made by
Brooks Bros, of New York, and worth
$18, for $4.65. These suits are superb, fash
ionable, tailor-made. Come around and
you will buy one at the Boston Clothing
Co., 773 Market street, near Fourth. *
it developed that the administration was
inclined to* accept the Sibley proposition.
LONDON, March j 11.— Lady ' Christiana
Sykes, whose domestic difficulties have
caused notoriety, was arrested on the
Strand last night on the charge of being
drunk and incapable of taking care of
herself. ' She was arraigned at the Bow
street Police Court this morning, but her
ladyship laughingly pleaded illness and
the magistrate released her with a warn
ing not to come before him again.
Her Ladyship Pleads Illness.
Strike at Congress MimsT*
CONGRESS, Ariz., March 11.— An at
tempt to organize a local Miners' Union
here met with. opposition from the owners
of the Congress 'mine. The members of
the Miners' Federation, many of whom
took no active part In the organization
of the local union, were then called out
Three hundred men are now idle and
there is a strong probability that the en
tire works will be closed, throwing 400
men out of employment.
William J. Calhoun, Commissioner to
Cuba before the war with Spain, and
Brigadier General Pitzhugh Lee have been
mentioned for the post. It was stated to
day that the President is anxious to.ob
tain a man satisfactory to Cuba as well
as to the United States.
• No authority for the establishment of a
legation in Havana has been granted, but
Congress will be" called upon to create the
mission. The American Minister will not
only represent the United States, but he
will be the American adviser of the Cuban
Government. He will determine the ques
tion of the stability of the Cuban Govern*
ment and his reports on any disturbances
that may occur will Influence the Presi
dent in deciding whether he shall inter
vene to restore order as provided by the
Platt amendment.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W.r WASHINGTON, March 11.— Because
of the importance of the post President
Roosevelt is considering with great Care
the question of who shall be appointed
Minister to Cuba?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Speaker Henderson came forward with
a plea for party, harmony and unity and
moved that the caucus adjourn until next
Tuesday.- LIttlefield of Maine countered
this stroke by proposing, : to - amend ; the
Speaker's motion so as to eliminate Tues
day; which. If carried, would ; have re
sulted in- a sine die adjournments of the
caucus. The amendment -.was .- lo«t . and
then the Speaker's motion. to adjourn un
til next Tuesday prevailed, 72 to 54. - The
beet sugar . advocates ' claim a strength
greater than the vote showed, saying the
Speaker's appeal carried- enough votea to
cause . another, recess. During the caucus
In concluding his statement Tayler an
nounced that ne would demand a vote on
his resolution. He received a round of
applause when he concluded. Jenkins of
Wisconsin at this point advanced the
theory that Cuba was now, and had been
since the treaty of Paris, under the sov
ereignty Of the United States. His con
tention was that Cuba was the territory
of 1 he United States; that the people of
Cuba might be permitted to erect a gov
ernment, but not one of sovereignty.
William Alden Smith of Michigan made
a rousing speech\of over an hour against
reciprocity, eliciting frequent applause
from his supporters. While announcing
great admiration for- the President, he in
sisted that there shdiild be no executive
interference with the legislative branch
of the Government. He assailed the-or
ganizers- of " the <. House for leading the
party into disaster and declared, amid
tumultuous applause, that he would de
cline to follow blindly, when the leaders
blundered* He went over the testimony
of Havemeyer, president of the ¦ sugar
trust, before the Industrial. Commission
In support of some of his. arguments and
paid his respects to some of the mem
bers of the Ways and Means Committee,
who, he asserted, have changed. their po
sitions on the reciprocity question within
the last few weeks. As the evening- ad
vanced considerable ,bad blood was mani
fested. ,The- opponents • ¦ of reciprocity
seemed confident .of a majority and • were
anxious for a vote, '. while the ; friends ¦ of
reciprocity counseled against precipitate
action.; >:•¦ - ',"¦¦. •. - ;
Resolved:* First — That we reaffirm our ad
herence to the Republican national platform
of 1896, insuring adequate protection to jthe
cane and beet sugar industries in the United
States and to the policy of reciprocity as.de
clared in our platform of 1600. '
Second — That we have maintained and will
continue to faithfully discharge the obligation
to Cuba assured by virtue ol the treaty of
Paris and the Platt amendment, and that we
favor such commercial agreements with her
as her Government when established may be
willing to make and which will be in harmony
with our national policy of protection and
reciprocity; and
. Third— That no further action be taken re
specting'' the proposition to reduce the tariff
on Cuban products coming into this country.
Representative Long of Kansas, a mem
ber of the. Ways and Means Committee,
opened with an exhaustive argument in
favor of the 20 per cent concession advo
cated by his colleagues of the Ways and
Means Committee. He argued that the
maintenance of a protective tariff was
not involved in the proposition of the
Ways and Means' Committee, but that the
policy of reciprocity was. "The defeat of
this) bill," said, he, "means that the Re
publican party has refused to follow the
leadership of Blaine, of McKlnley and of
Rcosevelt, and it would mean that reci
procity was no longer a part of the Re-
M-bllcan faith." /
When Long finished speaking Tayler ot
Ohio presented a protest against the plan
of the Ways and Means Committee. The
protest was drafted at the conference
which the Republicans opposed to reci
procity held last night. , ,lt was In the
nature of a manifesto setting out the
grounds on which their opposition was
based, being largely an amplification of
the contention that a reduction' of the
duty on Cuban products involved a relax
ation of the protective principle. In lieu
of the Tawney proposition for a rebate
Tayler offered the following resolution:
WASHINGTON, March U.-About 130
rr.embers were present to-night at the
fourth conference of House Republicans
called to consider the question of Cuban
reciprocity. Speaker Henderson and the
leaders on both sides of the controversy
were in attendance. Representative Can
non of llllonis presided, and. an arrange
ment was made for a division of time be
tween the advocates and opponents of
reciprocity.
"Let us do what we can in the way of
services to humanity," said the Secre
tary, "and then, perhaps, we can go fur
ther. Perhaps we shall be able, without
drawing upon ourselves a sharp rebuff, to
address ourselves as coUsins to our cous
ins on the other-side Of the channel and
speak a good word for our mutual cous
ins, the. Boers." f. . • ".
• " 'I consider It my duty and authorize
you to use my name to declare that I
found the prisoners' camps in Ceylon to
be perfect models. The' former German
/officers in the camps had only a single
complaint— that there was not sufficient
variety of food.' " , .
Baron von Richthofen proceeded:
"In my opirrion the dignity of the na
tion would not have suffered derogation
if it had displayed some human sym
pathy, as, for instance, yesterday, when
the news came of the severe wounding of
General Methuen. With proper considera
tion for national feelings, it will be pos
sible to make further progress in "the di
rection desired by the Boer relief" com
mittees." . .
The Foreign Secretary concluded with
saying that no obsequiousness was need
ed on the part of Germany, whose policy
was conducted with the object of pleasing'
the German people and no one else. But
he believed that the lines he had laid
down might be followed without any relln
quishment of German views in regard to
the war Itself. '
Continuing, Baron Richthofen said:
"If we feel ourselves more than cousins
to England, we shall be able to more
effectively help our common cousins in
South Africa. Let us not always assume
that everything done by the English is
wrong and bad. I may quote an example.
I have read descriptions of the prisoners'
camps which made my hair stand on end.
A few days ago General von Trotha, who
from his own experience was in a posi
tion to report on the -matter, was at my
house. He said to me:
helping the Boers they must abstain from
provoking Great Britain's susceptibility.
There was a need of a somewhat more
just mode of criticism, of a somewhat
more equitable adjustment of light and
shadow.
House Republicans Dis
cuss Relations With
Cuba. ,
Continued. From Page One.
RECIPROCITY
STIRS DEBATE
HOAR DECLAIMS
IN OPPOSITION
SETS HIS BAN
ON DESERTERS
Charge.
Roosevelt Vetoes a Bill
to Remove a Grave
Massachusetts Senator
Wants No Vote by
the People.
WASHINGTON, March 1L— President
.Roosevelt to-day sent his first veto mes
sage to Congress. It was directed to the
Senate and the bill vetoed was one re
moving' the charge of desertion from the
naval record of John Glass. The message
was as follows:
There can be no graver crime than the
crime of desertion from the army or navy, es
pecially during- war; it is then high treason
to the nation, and is justly punishable by
death. Ko man should be relieved from such
a -crime, especially when nearly forty years
have ii&fcscd since it occurred, save on the
clearest possible proof of his real innocence.
In this case the statement made by the afll
ant before the committee does not In all
points agree with his statement made to the
{Secretary of the Navy.
In any event, it is incomprehensible to me
that he should not have made an effective ef
lort to get back into the navy. He had served
but little more than a month when he de-
Bert ed, and the war lasted for over a year
afterward, yet he made no effort whatever to
pet back Into the war. - Under such cireum
etances it seems to me that to remove the
eharpe of desertion from the navy and give
him an honorable discharge would be to f«l
rlfy the records and do an injustice to his
gallant and worthy comrades who fought the
war to a. finish. The names of the veterans
who foaeht In the Civil War make the honor
list of the republic, and I am not willing to
put upon It the name of a man unworthy of
the high position.
THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
After the message had been delivered
Senator Gallinger from the Committee on
Naval Affairs read the report of the com
mittee on which the Senate acted. From
that statement it appeared that Glass en
hsfed in January. 1864, when only 18 year=
old, and that having witnessed an act
which compromised the second officer of
the ship he was taken-ashore in March of
that year by that officer and told not to
report again for duty. The committee
cay'- that this order together with Glass*
?outh was responsible for his desertion.
SAVANNAH. Mo., March 11.— One of the
State's best witnesses in the case of Stew
art Fife, charged with the murder of
Frank W. Richardson, is missing and it is
believed he has disappeared to avoid tes
tifying.
The witness is E. E. Norris of St. Jos
eph, a saloon-keeper. Norris was expected
to swear that Fife was in his saloon be
fore the killing of Richardson and had
made threats of taking Richardson's life.
Norris did not respond when his name
was called to-day and Jidge Burnes is
cued -an attachment, for him. Norris was
not found, and the word come back that
he had disappeared. - The time to-day was
epent in tracing Fife's travels about Sa
vannah on the night of the murder.
Peculiar Disappearance of Man Who
Is Said to Have Important
Knowledge.
WITNESS IS MISSING
, WHEN THE COURT CALLS
WASHINGTON, March 11.— For sev
eral hours to-day the Senate had the ship
subsidy bill under consideration. Mai
lory of Florida made an extended speech
in opposition to the measure. , He held
that there was no good reason for Its en
actment into law, saying he believed it
would not accomplish the result hoped
for it by its promoters.
Prior to consideration of the ship sub
sidy measure a lively debate occurred
over an effort on the part of Berry of
Arkansas 1 to ascertain when the Com
mittee on Privileges and Elections* might
be expected to report to the facr.ate the
resolution providing for the election of
Senators by the direct vote of the people.
Hoar Indicated his vigorous opposition
to such a resolution on the ground that
it would subvert the fundamental prin
ciple upon which the Senate was founded.
The House entered upon the consider
ation of the . postofflce appropriation bill,
but, as usual during general debate on
an appropriation bill, the members who
spoke devoted themselves to everythhing
except the bill before the House. Early
in the day Thayer of Massachusetts at
tempted to take advantage of the divis
ion among the Republicans on the sub
ject of reciprocity by bringing forward a
resolution to investigate reports that the
sugar trvst would be the chief beneficiary
of Cuban reciprocity. He tried to over
turn a decision of the Speaker in order
to secure action on his resolution, but
the Republicans came up solidly against
t-uch a course and he was checkmated.
Brantley, a Georgia Democrat, made a
speech in favor of Cuban reciprocity, and
Meyer, a Louisiana Democrat, one
a gainst it. Hill of Connecticut made
some remarks on his monetaary bill.
The feature of the day, however, was
a speech by Burlesor* attacking Secre
taary Hay for declining to request the
British authorities to furnish a passport
to go through the British lines to the
Rev. Hiram W. Thomas and wife, who
desire to go to South Africa to distribute
Boer relief funds collected in Illinois.
Hitt of Illinois, chairman of the Foreign
Affairs Committee, made a spirited reply
to Burleson, charging the Texas member
with attempting to prejudice the case be
fore the evidence was in. 1
Kills an Eloper.
WELLSTOWN, Ohio, March H.-i-LewIs
Woolum to-day shot and killed Ward
Meadows, who a year ago eloped with his
wife, and then returned to this city.
After the shooting Woolum went to his
wife and told her what he had done. He
made no effort to escape.
Ends Troubles by Suicide.
LONDON, March 11.— George A. Concan
non, a jobber in the Kafflr market, cpm
mltted suicide this morning by shooting.
He had been in ill health and his affairs
had been the subject of discussion in the
market for a month past.
BRITAIN TO SEND REINFORCEMENTS
VISALIA, March 11.— Fashionable
' society in this city is on the
qui vive because of a brilliant
- wedding which is to occur to
morrow, evening, with Miss Mary
Edna Farrow and William Lee Fisher as
the principals. The bride-to-be is the
daughter of Dr. and Mrs. E. D. Farrow.
She is a graduate of a San Francisco
conservatory and is an accomplished mu
sician. She is a member of the Visalla
Altgeld declared that all friends of hu
manity owed a debt of gratitude to Gov
ernor Yates for issuing a proclamation so
liciting assistance for the Boer women
and children In concentration camps
which the British maintain In South
Africa. He further said the people of
America had raised a large sum of money
with which to relieve the distress of Boer
women and children, but were unable to
send it to them because Lord Pauncefote,
British Embassador at Washington, ob
jected to it. Altgeld further charged that
Lord Pauncefote has for several years
meddled In American affairs, and that the
State Department and Secretary Hay
were mere vest-pocket conveniences for
the British Embassador.
It was found that both of the patient's
legs were paralyzed. Several years ago
Altgeld suffered- a similar paralytic
stroke In Chicago, also at the close of a
speech, but his condition at that time was
riot as serious as now.
Governor began his speech with : vigor.
Toward the close he stammered, and just
as he had finished he fell.
After the wedding a dinner will be
given at the home of the bride. The
couple will start on their wedding trip at
midnight, going southward on the Owl
train.
The marriage will be the climax of a
courtship extending over a period of six
years. The wedding will ¦ occur at 8:30
o'clock at St. Paul's Episcopal Churon-
The bride will be attired in an elaborate
gown of white peau de sole en traine,
trimmed with wide silk applique and pearl
passementerie, a rope of pearls encircling
the waist, a deep yoke of embroidered
mousseline de sole, and a gorgeous white
veil to envelop the entire figure.
Miss Daisy Farrow, a sister of the
bride, will be the maid of honor. She
will be attired in pink grenadine, trimmed
with duchess lace, and will carry a bou
quet of white nephetos roses. Miss Maude
Brown of Visalla and Miss Annie Barrett
of Palo Alto will be " bridesmaids. They
wlli be attired in gowns of white point
d'esprit and blue chiffon over light blue
taffeta silk.
-Young Ladies' Quartet, an organization
which has become famous In the San
Joaquin Valley, and she v ia a favorite and
a leader in ¦society. . . \
Mr. Fisher i3 the son of James Fisher,
one of the wealthiest land owners In
Tulare County. »
CUBA PRESENTS
A NEW PROBLEM
"It is viewed with gratitude and re
spect. The United States has, from the
first, insisted on the open door policy for
all nations and a Russian Manchuria
would be directly opposed to such a pol
icy. We have implicit confidence in the
bona fides of America in this matter as
in others,, and are persuaded that the
United States will back- us up In the
stand we have taken. The United States
is, we hold,, the one absolutely unselfish
and strictly just power. We have had
frequent proofs of the correctness of this
view."
"What is thought in Japan of the atti
tude taken by the United States in. this
connection?" '
"That province* must be kept < entirely
under Chinese control, not only because
of its mineral, and other wealth, but be
cause of its being the birthplace of the
present Chinese dynasty. - Continued oc
cupation of Manchuria by any foreign
power whatever would mean the downfall
of the present dynasty .and subsequent
revolution and anarchy. I am convinced
kthat the tanure of Manchuria as a Chi
! hese state is positively necessary to the
maintenance and continuance of the pres
ent Chinese Government."
"Japan will never consent to a Russian
Manchuria," said the Prince. ''Oh this
point the Government is absolutely de
termined. Nor should we hesitate to take
recourse to . armed remonstrance were
Russia to continue in her recent semi
detiant attitude. We have the sympathy
of both the United. States and Great Brit^
ain and know what we are doing, s :
"Japan has no objection whatever to
Russia's leasing Port Arthur. It would
not in any. way menace our interests. As
for the trans-Manchurian railway, we re
gard its construction with lively satis
faction, in that '¦ it will unquestionably
serve to open new fields for foreign indus
trial and commercial undertakings. But
Russia would have to maintain troops
along the railway in order to keep it from
attacks on the part of the natives."
"Would Japan object to Russian troops
in Manchuria for this purpose?"
"Not at all where the presence bf such
troops is necessary, as is the. case with
the railroad. Japan would never object
to their presence. But Russia's great ter
ritorial army on Chinese soil must be
withdrawn, beyond the frontier, and that
without further, loss of time. .
VICTORIA, B. C, March U.-Prince
Konoine," president of the Japanese
.House of Peers, recently gave the Japan
ese Advertiser an interview oh the''Man
churJan question. As head of the. National
Union ' League he has talten a prominent
part in all protests against Russia's ter
ritorial plans on Chinese soil. ! • "'.*
Tokio Government, He. Asserts, ...Is
Acting With the Sympathy of
Great Britain and,
America. ;.
churia Must Terminate
at Once.
Says the I Occupation of Man-
I ~ of .Peers THreatens \
.; . ' ; Russia^
Head of Japanese House
WARNS CZAR
TO WITHDRAW
HIS TROOPS
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1962.
2
Wedding of William Lee Fisher and Hiss
Mary Edna Farrow to Occur To=Night.
POPULAR YOUNG COUPLE
OF VISALIA WILL MARRY
LEADER IN VISALIA SOCIAL CIR
CLES "WHO IS TO BE MARRIED
THIS EVENING.
Unites the best-known vegetable rem-
edies in such a way as to have curative
power peculiar to itself.
Its^ cures of scrofula, eczema, psori-
asis, and every kind of humor, as well as
catarrh and rheumatism — prove
Hood's Sarsaparilla
the best blood purifier ever produced.
Its cures of dyspepsia, loss of appe-
tite and that tired feeling make it the
greatest stomach tonic and strength-
restorer the world has ever known.
Begin to take it TO-DAY.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Has won success far beyond the effect
of advertising only ;
Its wonderful popularity is explained
by its unapproachable Merit.
Based upon a prescription which
cured people considered incurable, 1- .-
Hood's Sarsaparilla
PAINE'S CELERY COMFOTJin).
Imitations and Substitutes
Are Dangers to You and
Your Friends.
Paine's Celery Compound
is What You Need for the
Banishment of Your
Troubles.
See that you make no mistake or take
no false step whea you begin efforts to
regain lest health. At this particular
time care and vigilance wiil add greatly
to your success.
Your case demands the use of the
best medicine that science has produced
The acknowledged triumph of medical
skill is Paine's Celery Compound, the
only sure and permanent cure for all
nervous diseases, dyspepsia, insomnia,
rheumatism, neuralgia, liver and kidney
complaints and blood diseases. V
An error made at this time by the usWi
of substitutes or imitations may lead to
a complication of ailments fatal to life.
Tens of thousands in the land are
throwing off the shackles of disease and
suffering by the use of Paine's Celery
Compound. Its powers and virtues will
do the same good work for you, dear
reader. No experimenting with Paine's
Celery Compound; there can be no
disappointment or failure to crush your
hope.
See that you get the genuine Paine's
Celery Compound, with the name
PAINE'S on wrapper and bottle; other
celery concoctions are deceptions and
frauds. ¦
Ink 10 Cts a Quart gflgg'&r -**
DON'T FORGET
-You can save at least $50. "WTiyT Because wa
an the largest and only direct represeniattves
on the Pacific Coast.- On account of non-com-
pletion of new building we must sett, rent or
store 160 pianos of all makes, Including the fol-
io wins bargains:
1 Stunner ........«....-• JSSJi
1 Fuller §35
1 Kodgers ...«»......«.. >f 75 '
1 Knabe 865
3 Steinway fl65 to f345
6 Heine .........11195 to 11675
4 Chickerins 11135 to 1130O
3 Haynes J!16O to 11245
2 Conover ...$23O to $24O
New upright pianos for $98; cannot be bought
anywhere else for less than $165. Good stand-
ard makes from. $275 up. Rent or Installments
HEINE
CO., 235-237 Geary Street.
Manufacturers Peerless Heine and KreU
Pianos. Agents 10 other makes. Agents
wanted everywhere.
Missouri Pacific Limited,
The Finest Service to the
East via Scenic Route and
Missouri Pacific Railway.
Through Sleepers Daily
San Francisco to St Louis. L
¦ ' - - -. ¦ - - ¦ <
Personally conducted excursions via this
route to Chicago, New Tork, Boston and all
Eastern points. For berth reservation and full
Information address
I*. M. 1TLETCHER,
Paclfla Coast Axent,
128 California St.. San Francisco, Cat.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
\ XSf^ _, The Lar««tAaato»aie»l Museum tit the \
9 W&GTlTk. World - »e»k«>e«*es or any contracted 4
i j£5£7t * seas « B *""'"'' l » «¦»••«• ** the oldest f
© 155 =3| Specialist oa the Coast Est. 36 years. 0
6 flSjJf ft D3. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN A
\ fttJEJrafl Consultation free a:id strictly private \
9 i Af<* H I« atraent personally or by letter. A il
\lf Il8 P—U— Cm in erery case undertaken. X
nrS 3 Writ* tot Book. HILOIUFSY mt A
A M 11' valuable book for mrn) \
¥ 0B. JORDAN A CO., 1031 Afartet St, 3. P f
i1^'^'^-^» < »y g »fc*^^ f^g
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOX M£.«.
Established 1331. Con-
sultation and private boo*
tre« at otaca or by auk
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET SI.
EAK FRANCISCO. *MU
UDTTOIJl^CJ FOR BARBERS. BAK-
U M>l\J KJA.11UKP houseSi blllard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmilia, foundries, laundries, paper,
hangers, printers, painters. »hoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofera. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNT AND WASHINGTON STS.-— RE-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, SOc to $1 60 day;
$5 to $« week; $3 to (20 mogth. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; fire grates la
every room; elevator runa all night.
jc&t b ¦¦¦ dShL Ammunition and Sporting
B Bi Hnl 63 Gcod3. Largest Stock. Low-'
I B | | Hi est Prices. Until close oi
a HH BRsJn » hunting g-eason will offer
%Jf a y »£« guns at reduce*! prices.
Send for • catalogue.
SaKEVB ftBAHBHRCO..
- 739M>rk«»St>adSllge>rnySt
1A/. T. HESS.
H0TAXT PUBL10 ASH ATTOKHSY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, Claua Sprecksls Bldg.
Telephone Main 9S3.
Residence, 821 California st., below PowtU.
Residence Telephone. James 1901.
• To Cure Grip in Two Days.
Laxnti ve Bromo-Qyinlf.« removes the cause.
E. w. Grove's signature ori every box. •
We carry Beveral of the leading makes loyed Joy to yourself, your household and
of pianos, notably the Everett, Steck, your friends, we can Interest you An
Hardman. Packard, Ludwig, Smith & early call will be appreciated. Our sales-
Barnes. Cable. Jewett, Kingsbury and men, who are courteous and well Inform-
Straube. We have no bargains to offer, ed, will be pleased to discuss the piano
There are a Tew instruments in the store question with you, and to explain the dlf-
which have been taken In exchange, that ferential features of properly constructed
may be bought on very reasonable terms; and carelessly manufactured instruments,
our business, however, is principally con- You will not be unduly ; pressed to pur-
Sf. «- ¦ i!f , S Z* £ Urely ¦• "tfi-fifrade chase, and it is more than probable that
pianos, and we Invariably cater to a dis- you may gain a few points of valuable
tinguished and discrindnatin* clientele. If "piano" information that will be of uss
TrHcf^ !S»Z 5? ? J» e purchase of «* t0 y™ whether you purchase a piano here
arusuc piano, tnat will prove an unal- or elsewhere.
THE WILEY B ALLEN CO.
931-933 Market St., San Francisco.
2fOTE.— All Kaifcat-street cars stop directly in front of our building.
Branch Store— 951 'Broadway, Oakland,
I"" " ' ' ' ¦ ¦" ' 'Mi
j ' #.
A Flash of Light
In tbe night- the passing cf the swift and laxurlous
f &&BiIlwB BBBC& Ubbq a B H i Lvvl
gleaming with Its real electric lights. It races from
San Francisco to Chicago la three days |
on the
Test for Yourself the Wonderful
Curative Properties of Swamp-Root
To Prove What Swamp-Root, the Wor.'d- Famous Kidney and Bladder '.Remedy/-
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have a Sample Bottle Free.
Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y.: . "
Gentlemen — In justice to you I feel it is my duty to send you an acknowledgment of the receipt of /the
sample bottle of Swamp-Root you st) kindly sent me. I had been out of health for the past five years with kid-
i new and bladder trouble. Had our best physicians prescribe for me. They would relieve me. for the time being,
but the old complaint would in a short time return again. I sent for a sample bottle of Swamp-Root, and I found
1 it did me a world of good. Since then I have taken eight small bottles bought at my drug store, and I consider
j myself perfectly cured. It seemed as though my back would break in two after stooping. I do not have the
I smarting and irritation, nor do I have to get up during the night to urinate, as I formerly did three or. four
times a night, but now sleep the sleep of peace. My back is all right again, and in every way lam a new man.
Two of my brother officers are still using Swarrip-Root. They, like myself, cannot say too much in praise of it.
It is a boon to mankind. We recommend it to all who are suffering from kidney and bladder diseases.
My brother officers (whose signatures accompany this letter), as well as myself, thank you for the blessing' you
have brought to the human race in the compounding of Swamp-Root. JAMES COOK.
We remain, yours very truly, HUGH E. BOYLE.
Officers of the 58th Police Precinct, Greater New York. JOHN J. BODKIN.
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin taking the famous new discovery, Dr. Kilmer's Swafnp-Root, because as soon
as your kidneys are well they will help all the other organs to health. A trial will convince any one.
Weak and unhealthy kidneya are responsible for many kinds of diseases, and if permitted to continue much suffering
; with fatal results are sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes you dizzy, restless, sleepless and Irri-
table. Makes you pass water often during the day and obliges you to get up many times during the night. Unhealthy
; kidneys catise rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the bladder, pain or. dull ache in the back, joints and muscles; makes your
h£su ache and back ache, causes indigestion, stomach and liver trouble; you get a sallow, yellow complexion, makes you
feel as though you had heart trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but no strength; get weak and waste away.
Swamp-Root is pleasant to talce and is used In the leading hospitals, recommended by physicians in their private
practice, and is taken by doctors themselves, because they recognize in it the greatest and most successful remedy that
science has ever been able to compound. - • , • . , .
If you are already convinced that Swamp-Root is what you need, you can purchase the regular fifty-cent and one-
dollar size bottles at the drug stores everywhere. Don't make any mistake, but remember the name, Swamp-Root— Dr
Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the address, Binghamton, N. T., on every bottle.
EDITORIALi NOTICE.— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney, Liver and Bladder remedy, is so remarkably successful
that a epeci2l arrangement has been made by which all of our readers who have not already tried it may have a sample
bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder troubles and containing many of the
thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root In writing be
sure and mention reading this generous offer in the San Francisco Daily Call when sending your address to Dr Kil-
mer & Co., Binghamton, N. Y. vLOCAL SOCIETY BELLE AND SAC
RAMENTO BUSINESS MAN WHO
WILL WED AFTER EASTER./
PEEKSKILL, N. T., March 11.— One
burglar was shot and killed and another
was wounded by a policeman- here early
to-day. The men had broken Into the
hardware store of Durham Bros, and were
seen by two policemen. The burglars tried
to escape and fired two shots at the
policemen, one of whom returned the fire.
The dead man was Clarence Outhouse, 30
years old, of Peekskill. His companion,
who is under arrest, refuses to give his
name. He was shot in the hand.
Policeman Kills a Burglar.
On Saturday night, shortly before Miss
"White left home for the telephone office.
Fhe informed her mother that she would
eat breakfast the next morning with Tup
pur. That she met Tupper after her
right's work, ate breakfast with him and
then took a Madison-street" car for the
lakf is known. They hired the boat from
C. Warmington at the Eagle boathouse.
Thev evidently had some point across the
lake as their destination. They spoke of
fr.e ferry, but were informed that the
ferry was not running that day. Tupper
romurked that it was the rowboat or
nothing. ¦. ; ".,-"^
TVarmington declares it would have
been absolutely impossible for the boat
to turn turtle in the water without the
aid of human hands. He said one of the
couple misrht have leaned over the side
or Miss White might have become fright
ened and in clinging to her companion
caused the catastrophe. But, whatever.
the cause, there waa not wind enough
blowing at any time during the day to
c>"erturn the boat.
There is a. theory that the j-oung couple
made cne*of the islands in the lake and
tied the boat to a near-shore tree. If they
wanted people to believe that they had
drowned, with an end to elopement, that
¦v^ould be a natural conclusion. At any
fate one end of the rope used to anchor
the craft had either been cut or had been
broken. It was not In that condition when
it left the boathouse.
Miss White rras a night employe of the
Sunset Telephone Company and lived
•with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. T. E.
White, In Fremont. Tupper was a
draughtsman for the Seattle Electric
Company. He came to this city from
Denver last fall.
SEATTLE, March 1L— That H. D. Tup
pcr and Miss Roxie White have been
crowned in Lake Washington is now the
common theory. An ' overturned boat,
mute evidencepf the tragedy, -was found
en Sunday, dinging around one of the
teats was a fur boa which had been worn
by the unfortunate j-ouns woman. The
oars were floating on the surface of the
vater a few yards away, as were the
cushions that had been on the ' seats of
the boat. '
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Finding of Capsized Boat
Seemingly Clears the
Mystery.
Little Doubt of Missing
Seattle Couplets
J? cite.
DEATH INSTEAD
OF ELOPEMENT
Several small towns In this county re
port the worst storm for years. It was
particularly severe at Valley and Elkhorn,
and at the latter place a Union Pacific x
train was' struck by a falling 1 coal chute
and considerably damaged,, although no
one was Injured. At Florence, three miles
north of the city, and where the city wat
er works are located, the storm twisted
several buildings from their foundations,
but the water works were not affectedr^In
Central Park lightning struck several
barns.
The Monmouth 'Park M. E. Church was
literally torn to pieces. Several green
houses were wrecked by the hail. Im
manuel Hospital was badly damaged by
a large chimney being blown through the
roof.
Franklin School, one of the largest in
the city, had to be abandoned temporarily.
A large chimney was blown into the roof,
which caved in and demolished several
rooms. Heavy buildings -were blown
about in an easy way and several barns
were torn to pieces.
Telephone and telegraph wires in %the
path of the storm, were strewn over the
streets and a great number of poles were
torn out.
It struck Omaha near Monmouth Park,
in the northern edge of the city, and
moved southeast, the greatest severity
being experienced in the neighborhood of
Thirty-third and Larimore streets. Al
though perhaps fifty buildings were more
or less damaged, nobody was seriously In
jured. „
OMAHA, March 11— The heaviest wlna,
rain and hail storm In the history ot^the
city visited Omaha and 'Douglas County
at 2 o'clock thi3 morning.
Omaha Residents Suffer
Severely in a Big
Storm.
WIND WHIRLS
HEAVY HOUSES
Did You Ever Stop to Think
What a pleasure it Is to look at pretty
photographs? Get a camera and take the
photos yourself. We have camaras from
80c up. Sanborn, Vail& Co., 741 Market.*
HOT SPRINGS. Ark., March 11.— The ;
funeral of the late "Billy" Rice, the min- j
strel, was held this afternoon and his Re
mains were buried In Greenwood Ceme
tery. Rice died in this city on March 1
and his body has remained in the morgue
of an undertaker since that time await
ing the action of Rice's former wife or
his t friends. But two- carriages followed
the hearse to the burial grounds. - The
expenses of the funeral will be paid part- 1
ly by the Actors' Fund of America and
partly by Primrose and Dockstader, life
long friends of the dead minstrel.
Funeral of Billy Bice.
¦ No matter, whether, they are blind, bleeding- or
itching. If will 'give instaht^relief and; effect a
permanent cure. It will surprise you the .way ft
does Its work.'. Price," 25c 'and 60c, at druggists
or by • mail; Salva-cea, ; 274 ; Canal ; sir, '• N. , Y. ; I'.
n*«i >mnmTffirr'»>Mii>iiTTiifrTVirfri jiitrr ti •. . - -.- ¦¦-.'..'
For Piles Try Salva-cea.
VANCOUVER, B. C, March 11.— Purser
Maxwell" of the steamship Mainlander be^
lieves "' Bennett jV- the murderer: of "Nora
Fuller, "-was.: a 'passenger on -that vessel
from Vancouver to Seattle last Saturday
night,' just after local '; papers had pub
lished statements that Captain of : Detec
tives Seymour of San Francisco was in^
this vicinity searching for the , fugitive.
¦¦• The Mainlander leaves Vancouver at 10
o'clock on Saturday evenings I for. Seattle,
arriving- at, the Sound city between 8 and
9 o'clock the next morning. Shortly after
senger on. the Mainlander.
Purser Tells of a Queerly Acting Pas-
BEI/IEVES HE SAW BENNETT.
. -The -manager. : of ' the Emporium states
that they have a large quantity of Sapolio
in' stock'and- that- their patrons will be
ableto get allithatcthey ;want of it.— The
Retail ; Grocers' * Advocate, 1 March 8.
i- -.•-¦• » . V
Mr. Gillesple \ learned of the cutting a
few days ago. and' called on the- manager
to request him- to desist. ¦¦.-'¦¦ •", • —^
He was met .with a refusal and at once
took steps to stop them. • „
That he will succeed goes without say
ing.: ' ¦' ..- ' ; »'" '¦;•¦ •¦ -. ¦ ¦ -.'
,ln New: York Enoch Morgan- Sons
spent thousands of dollars to prevent the
department stores from cutting. •
The big stores tried every device to get
the goods, y ' • - . >'
They i even bought of retailers. That
was stopped. '
Then they went to Charleston, S."C; to
get supply. Again they were headed off.
Finally they capitulated.. -• : ' - •
'• The 1 firm which, has "done so much for
association work throughout the United
States .'believe . in protecting the small
grocer, as well as the 'large. -;.-';;
Consequently they will not allow cut
'"' Every grocer in' the land- who believes
in getting' a fair profit will . stand; behind
the -firm in. this , fight, for the grocers
know. their friends.' ¦ : - : -^ • ; . ;
J.P. Glllespieof Enoch Morgan . Sons
this week notifled all jobbers that any
further sales [ to the big- department store
willbe a violatlon'of the. contract between
the. Sapolio; people and the, jobbers, in
which the -latter agree .not to ; sell to
others. '
The Emporium must stop selling four
cakes of Sapolio for 25 cents. ,
Betailers Should Back Up the Firm
Which Is /Showing Its
Friendship.
Big Department Store Has Seen
| Slashing Prices on Sapolio. .
ENOCH "MORGAN SONS SHUT OFF
THE EMPORIUM.
MUST STOP GUTTING.
TACOMA, March 1L— Frederick Eisen
beis of Steilacoom and Charles Eisenbeis
of Port Townsend, brothers and pioneers,
died yesterday, the former being 77 and
the latter 70 years of age. The brothers
learned the baker trade .as boys in Prus
sia, came to this country together and had
joint property Interests. They came to
the United States in 1856, settling at Roch
ester. Two years later^ they were attract
ed to California and landed at San Fran
cisco. Soon afterward they came north,
Frederick starting a bakery in Steila
coom, while Charles embarked In the
same business in Port Townsend. Asso
ciated with the latter for a number of
years was J. F. Bloomburg, now a San
Francisco broker. Frederick is survived
by a widow and four children, while a
widow and seven children mourn the
death of Charles. The latter will \ be
buried to-morrow in Port Townsend under
Masonic auspices. .-The funeral of Fred
erick will be held on Thursday.
It was expected that a sister of the two
men, residing in San Francisco, would at
tend the funerals, but up to to-night no
word had been received from her. Tacoma
friends of the family have been unable to
learn her. name or address.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Frederick and Charles
Eisenbeis Quit Life
'Together/
- At ¦ this point, the officers placed Widney
under arrest and * he was . taken to the
police station, where.he.was searched and
the stolen money found In his possession.'
Widney was taken before Justice ¦ Austin
this morning on a complaint sworn to by
Detective Rich and arraigned on'a charge
of grand larceny. He pleaded not guilty
and his examination was set for March 19.
Hanson laid down on the bed and beer
was ordered . and placed on the dresser,
the , mirror . on which had been ; so ar
ranged that the ¦ officers could see every
thing that was going on. Widney went to
the dresser and taking a bottle. from his
pocket dropped several drops -of liquid
into the beer which had been /brought
for Hanson: At this moment the woman
entered the room and changed the beer
and; Hanson drank from the other glass.
He : pretended to fall into , a - deep sleep
and . Widney ¦ deliberately searched his
pockets." He '. found the . $20, and as the
-woman re-entered the • room he told her
in: a tone of dlsgus^of the small amount
of his find.:: " ' ,
Hanson, the tourist, consented to enter
into any plan that would punish his false
friend. .Last night it was learned that
Widney had gone" to the Donahue wo
man's house and Hanson, after marking
four $5 bills, also went to the house. De
tectives Rich and Shields concealed them
selves under the bed in the room to which
Hanson was taken. . . -
About two weeks ago Widney, accom
panied by the notorious ''Smoothy" An
derson, called at the house of Lena Dona
hue, at 327 Aliso street. With them was
a young tourist from the East, named
William Hanson, who had plenty of
money, which he distributed liberally for
drinks. While all were drinking, the land
lady asserts, 'she " saw Widney put some
liquid in Hanson's beer. He told her that
It was "knock-out", drops; that Hanson
had $1000 in cash on his person and that
if she would keep quiet he would get the
money and give her half of it. The wo
man pretended to fall * into the scheme,
but she changed Hanson's beer and then
sent for two of his friends to come and
take charge of him. Widney objected to
the friends taking Hanson away, but the
two men insisted^ Widney proposed . to
the woman to rob all rich men who
visited her place. Mrs. Donahue lost no
time In notifying the police and • Captain
Bradish went to the place and made ar
rangements for trapping Widney.
Widney is the son of Judge R. M. Wid
ney, the well-known attorney and cap.
italist, and when the latter was president
of the University Bank - young Widney
was employed in that Institution. He has
always been Inclined to be wild and since
he left, the employ of the bank several
years ago he has had no regular employ
ment, living by his wits.
LOS ANGELES, March 11.— Robert
Widney wa3 locked up late last night in
the City Prison on a charge of grand
larceny.' He was caught in the act of ad
ministering _ "knock-out" drops to an
Eastern tourist and robbing him. Every
detail of the transaction was witnessed by
two -detectives, who had been concealed
for that purpose in , the room where the
robbery took place." The stolen money
had l^en marked.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
All night long Mickey hunted the hills.
He came upon his man on Saturday, and
after a. hand-to-hand struggle knocked
him senseless,; striking his head with the
riflo barrel.' Mickey sent a passing boy
for his horse, lashed ; his unconscious
prisoner upon the animal, and, leadiug
the horse, set out to find. an officer.
Mickey lost .his way and wandered all
night through the hills. He threatened to
shoot his prisoner if he tried to untie the
ropes. Mickey ¦; presented the appearance
of a wild man whenjje reached, Vina with
his prisoner on Sunday night. "He had
walked steadily without food or drink,
leading the horse. Hisdothing was half
pone and his face and feet were cut and
bleeding: '•> ' '
At Vina the officers were convined that
the prisoner, who gave tne name o£Shana
han, was a , harmless tramp and/released
him.. He complained of the bad cut upon
his ¦ head. Mickey was arrested • for as
sault, found guilty:, and sentenced last
night to. ninety days. , ¦ . :>
Syivanus Mickey, who lives with his
mother, read the posted description of
Bennett and^ was struck by the stranger's
resemblance to it. ' With his rifle he went
into the woods to overhaul. the suspect.
The usual notice concerning Bennett's
crime and the reward offered for his ar
rest was posted at Forest. Ranch, which
is in the hills twenty^miles from Chico.
A strange man was begging in the vicin
ity. Last .Friday, after obtaining a quan
tity of food, the fellow took to the woods.
RED BLUFF, March 11.— Sylvanus
Mickey, a young man of Forest Ranch, in
Butte County, commenced a three
months' sentence in the Red Bluff jail to
day just because he had been overzealous
in capturing a man he believed to be John
Bennett, the murderer of Nora Fuller.
Mickey risked his life, endured hardships
and privations such as would* have killed
most men and led his prisoner Into Vinai
strapped upon the back of a horse, after
having kept him bound for thirty hours.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Entrap Son of a Prom
inent Los Angeles
Capitalist.
Catches Puller, Murder
Suspect and Lands
in Prison.
SLEUTHS WATCH
ROBBER AT WORK
RURAL SLEUTH
IN HARD LUCK
The local police have a second report
that Captajn of Detectives Seymour of
San Francisco has been seen . in Van
couver by a couple of persons who be
lieve they know him. The police officials',
however, .declare Seymour is not: now
and has not been in this city. "
¦ '-. Later the same man came to Maxwell
as the latter was selling tickets,, just be
fore the steamer sailed. He said he had
got the money, to pay for his trip, .and
took a berth for the night's voyage. He
wore the' same clothing as when first
seen. He N did not delay after he engaged
the berth, and Maxwell did not see him
again that night. One peculiarity Max
well noticed was that there were patches
of white in the black of the man's hair.
The next morning Maxwell was busy at
the time of landing, and When he be
thought* himself of the stranger the. lat
ter was gone. Maxwell's suspicions were
aroused, and from the published descrip
tions of Nora- Fuller's murderer he be
lieves he has seen the right man.
dark on Saturday .evening Maxwell was
approaching his steamer from the wharf,
when he was accosted by a man who
wanted to work his passage. The strang
er said he had .no money and must get to
Seattle. He told a plausible story of hav
ing relatives there and said he would get
money when he arrived. .,•' Purser Max
well told him to come around later.
.Maxwell had a good look at the strang
er's face in the light of a wharf lamp.
The man, was five feet eight or nine
inches in height, of medium build and
clean shaven.. His mustache had evi
dently been but .recently shaved, for his
upper : lip was white and the remainder
of his face darker and apparently had
not been shaved for a. week. The man
was nervous and shivered as he stood in
the rain without overcoat orumbrella.
BROTHERS DIE
ON SAME DAY
The event of Saturday will be the re
union of the State Red Cross societies at
the nave of the ferry building. At this
reception the friends of General Oscar F.
I-ong will have an opportunity to -bid
him farewell before he leaves for Wash
ington, to which place he has been trans
ferred for auty. The officers at the Pre
sidio will be present and many friends of
the society. Thousands are expected dur
ing the afternoon, and 100 ladies will as
sist in receiving. A good programme is
being arranged. Mayor Schmitz will de
liver the address. Two bands will fur
nish excellent music and every society
represented will have a refreshment table
j*^ UPID will score another triumph
/[ shortly after Easter at the wed
(i - ding of Miss Isabel Van "Winkle
and William H. Thompson of
Sacramento. Miss Van Winkle
will be an April bride, the important
event being planned for the last week in
that month. Preparations are being made
for a pretty home wedding at the resi
dence of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
P. S. Van Winkle. Miss Aimee Van
Winkle, a sister of the bride, will be maid
of honor, and Miss Grace Thompson, the
groom's sister, of Sacramento, will be
bridesmaid. Jack Varney will act as best
man. The couple have arranged a wed
ding trip throughout Southern California,
including Los Angeles and other points of
interest. They will reside in Sacramento
because of Mr. Thompson's business, he
being manager of the Westinghouse &
Lester Company.
Mrs. J. A. Folger and Mr. and Mrs.
Le Grande, Canon Tibbetts are at Del
Monte. . >
*A. R. Poett has returned from Santa
Barbara. ' . " ¦ .-. .
Mrs. Lloyd Tevis is recovering from
her recent indisposition, and will soon
leave for Monterey, where she will visit
Mrs. Hugh Tevis and the new baby.
' Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Casserly have set
tled for the summer in San Mateo.
Mr. and Mrs. Al Gerberding are so
journing at present in Santa Barbara.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Pillsbury,' Mrs. Eleanor
Martin. Mrs. Wlnslow. Mrs. Rosenstock, Mrs.
Cyrus "Walker. Mrs. Ira Pierce, Mr. and ins.
"William Taylor, Mrs. James Keeney, Miss Alice
Hager. Miss Ethel Hager, Mrs. Balne, Mr. Stet
son, Horace Platt, Miss Georgina Jones, Miss
Josephine Loughborough, General Shafter, Mrs.
McKittrick, Miss Redmond, Miss Alice Sprague.
Miss Ethel Keeney, Miss Jfnnie Blair, Miss
Fanny Loughborough, Mrs. Whitney.
A delightful tea was given on Sunday
by Mr. and Mrs. Oxnard. The guests of
honor were Miss Lucille Thornton of
New York and Airs. Andrew McCreery of
Washington, formerly Miss Swearingen
of San- Francisco. The drawing-rooms
were handsomely decorated for- the oc
casion. Several musieal numbers were
skillfully rendered by Miss Thornton, and
dainty refreshments were served during
the afternoon. The guests were:
The ladies of the Deutscher Club will
receive this evening at Golden Gate Hall.
Mrs. Louis H. Long came up from
Santa Barbara on Saturday to visit her
mother, Mrs. A. M. Burns, for a week. s
Mrs. A. M. Burns and Miss Daisy Burns
did not receive ' yesterday, as was er
roneously announced, nor have they any
intention of doing so, as Mrs. Burns is
ill and Miss Daisy Burns is at San Jose,
where she has been for. the last week.
Mrs. G. C. Boardman -was "at home"
yesterday afternoon at 1750 Franklin
street. v The drawing room was made
artistic with the decorations selected by
the hostess. Mrs. Boardman receives
Tuesdays in March of every year.
and dispense the dainty viands. The com
mittees having the affair in charge in
clude Mrs. "W. H. Mills, Mrs. John F.
Merrill, Mrs. W. B. Harrington, Mrs.
Frank Bates, Mrs. Requa, Mrs. Abbott,
Mrs. Payot and Mrs. Arthur Cornwall.
THE \ SAN T FRANCISCO CALL, .WEDNESDAY, MAECH 12, 1902.
WEDDING BELLS WILL RING
FOR THEM AFTER EASTER
Hiss Isabel Van Winkle and William H.
Thompson to Marry— -Red Cross Reunion.
3
NEW ADVERTISEMEITTS.
ANOTHER WONDER OF SCIENCE.
Biolog^y Has Proved That Dandruff la
Caused by a Germ.
Science is doing wonders these days. in
medicine as well as In mechanics. Since
Adam delved, the human race has been
troubled with dandruff, for which no haii
preparation has heretofore . proved a suc-
cessful cure until Newbro's Herpiclde
was put on the warket. It is a scientific
preparation that kills the germ thai
makes dandruff or scurf by digging mtc
the scalp to get at the root of the hair,
where it saps the vitality, causing Itch-
ing scalp, falling hair and finally, bald-
ness. Without dandruff hair must grow
luxuriantly. Herpicide at all druggists.
It is the only destroyer of dandruff.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WELL-TRIED REMEDY.
MRS. WHHSLOW'S SOOTH1ISG SYRUP
has beta used for over SIXTY YEARS by
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. ¦ IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTENS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN: CURE3 WIND
COLIC, and Is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Dru»? grists In every part of
the world. Be aura and ask far
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOTHING STEU5
AND TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Bottl*.
zMmmmmmmmmWaWBmm>iadkmt*l&eS!&*~- ' »<5<m>m4&B9
I vl^K^mKKK^ We find we are- overstocked in certain de-
I iWwiB^^- P artment s> and in accordance with our well-
I l«^^»^Br^^^B^ known policy of not carrying goods from season
I . ilk to season we ' iave marked down our surplus
1 stock to such prices as will effect a quick clear-
I - ¦^^^M^Bii^^^l ¦ w- an<ce '- ere ts an example of a few, and we
1 I FMf Tale of Low Prices in Our Mus- A Chance to Secure Laces at Prices Overstocked in Our Hosiery Depart-
\im- Mm '^XSi£&^^ lin Underwear Department. That Will Surprise* menu Hence These Prices.
Kg "**" y "i^^MISU^ LADIES* WHITE SKIKTS, made of caa t^vA-* *¦%+ a ts atj t a t» tit q » ruTT-ciT^T
wf -~~\ him im srooa Qualitj musim, wltn deep tucKeu E5r>k tatm pikviv !,,.» - mHi TrnciT he«t nnaHtv "\ra/*n
W^Stssp^^^^i flounce, eagea wltn slx-lncn emorolaery, Vl/v *, ?>,<, t-,.. ii-hirh l« in W\\? *»nttnn warranted fa<t
ESjSfS^Ss&K 1 ./**? < /j extra dust rurne. \\ ortn .twice tne price /fr^x • olu >Vi Hemnnr? /„, (ir»« Hill /nltl Viiacv h??h .niinaH h^pl'*
At LeSS Tll3n H3!f Ili3ir Real 1 \ newest Parisian de- ¦yaP* goods: our clearance
" ¦ VdlUSi • ~*§?>'~ : r£&£Cr Our price loe CHILD'S HOSE — Made
=*S^ - : t AT»TTrc r"r>T?<3ir"T ¦ nr\ir ¦ 1L - Of- best Egyptian cotton.
-rr -x /^. ¦-¦¦'• ttr« o n f' hZf ¥Z~* AnOmfir. ¦. Swiss ribbed, iron-clad quality: double
Busiest Corset House in town, " /SPr^n"-"- hi^h^ c ?/r, b titw S0^ "" "" UIIIC|1 : , heels, toes and knees, good .fast black;
wwp -Rorause our assortment istW WV'!it a ll LACE OFFERING - Sixty pieces the kind that is made to wear; regrular
Why?. Because our assortnient .•»\vLt£/ .¦,\low. neck fitted; well made CHIFFON APPLIQUE INSERTION- 25c goods. Now clearing out for,.. .17c
the largest and most comple> and; \B?^ and^neaU^ or 1^ A:D1ESX1IOSE _ Good . (luaility j^^.
our prices are lowest." We have l,.\t«l ¦' money: f h in ' wide. Instead . . can lisle, new Parisian lace effects, dou-
«~~~J^ ff^la niirl oTaflp—Strflitrht ffii' /ilfm ¦'"•¦¦ a T-ort'-V^A'-riV-^'o'^^-^cB^ir -* ;•"•• •* • ble heels, and toes, good fast colors;
every style ana graae— fatraignt mtM&i . . ¦ ALSO. LADIES 'CORSET , . nmm . . can't be bought anywhere In town under
fronts, French Shapes, Corsets for :¦*¦ waist lfne' g§>T\ JllSt R8081VetI— 40c - Our special ¦. 25c
stout or slim women, and Nursing made of g O pd "Fruit of the Loom" mus- J?^^< niranf Frnm Darie FYPOOflinirlv I nw (
Corset or Corset Waists. . . ... Hn; and trimmed tnth torchon lace. M&&Z>^ UllSGl rlOm rdrtSi CAG68Uingly L0«. \
¦ pmoiVT^n A - Neat, dainty, and "inexpensive. Only iVSggKJg^*! . Novelties In Parisian LADIES' VESTS-Made
¦¦«»¦ ; -™Q U wi2?ti^hS?«i.pnf" ••¦ ................ .........19c lS&5Z^k?j} Veils, made o£ the fc&J of best quality American
W - ?SKI« •y^SS^oS . Ladles' Drawers at Most Moderate • \S^/ Vg«&'&*V£ «S W
. \, money, ir ir i.-;made_ of -best . Dri«n« • \ ¦ PTL & embroidered; Maltese X< Bv • e6^ e ' drawn through with
?hr a ou4ou with bii tempered ¦ IC8S ' " S^< ¦ cross; hand hemstitch- /jfcj» f«k tape, low neck, sleeve-
M\ SSi^A^onS^r'S^f. d&jSl .^They^re'made/of very •J^^X y « d e ? //tlf \ Sill* 2 S^S^SS
Mi^^^inrir^. S\ Sed^^he^^ exceedingly low. .(^M/
ijLjll guarantee this corset for %. 1 a deep flounce of very _ »-; . _. . n . V^.^-«aP of very best quality Aus-
liilSS^^IcSiS^^^ Kd^°w h o°nde e r d f^: '-Beautif Mrs at Giveaway Prices. and nM^e^^^^&
.^^:-^- s --"-- e "--" g --K :jsffsjss^s&!&^ S3?^^SsSH 1 w 5 -
At 48 Csnts, ¦¦ '\ Wrappers. Snf^r. Z? b S e : : c r e ff^.£ l£#f 3ffi«affiP 'S!gS%
LADIES' CORSETS, made of good They are made of the best quality of ™£ 0 ™^* 0 * i£ and^ted' ?.^. !^?!^:...T^« n c?S
quality iAillan cloth, girdle effect, lace flannelette. Some are trimmed with buy 2»c and 35c \ ells,. now loe j ........&x.w>
trimmed; 'colors, pink, blue, black and epaulettes over the shoulders, with nii.«.U« n..i (In. [ah.u U«*A rtfi-rm ilPIll V3 I1PQ If! Allltimar *
white. The small store's price...... 48c braid or velvet ribbon; others with a UlEarilig UUl UUT ranO]f WW m MC LllII!l f 111 'olUM HI OUIUIUQI. |
Latest Novelty In. Gorsets— The/ «?eT^ worked Cushions, s jft Shirt Waists, j
_,, , J , _ . - the bottom: come m stripes and dotted """'"" ««»»¦»'"" fvjT This season's iroods all
Ribbon-Bound Corsat. ffi^^gs^tp&gS .^SIZS^JSJSVS^SR fiffiL TG&sSasnk&k
Handkerchiefs 10c instead of 20c. S^lEIH^lSii 'iml Sft5?iSSffva5.1K»
tfa P M mSS Saffif « W nn mussed from being handled or displayed _ I arfioc' HanrfcnmO IQ1« Inotafirl «*»)C« "
to a $2.00 corset, bale price....... g»l. OO in our show window. Our loss is your LdUlSS ndnuSUItlC - |2gC inSISSu 0* ZOCi *
; cor.ot Fitted Free. W Walking SWrf, he^vy^i?^ tXTSnl^ iSS
Attention, ft? fc B ffi5Wm!aS# <W* Mad^ of flne *™"» of 1 %^£
MOTHERS. DO YOU NOT KNOW f O i d ' Interest Is multiplied six- v /T|- all-wool cheviot, with chalk see at this price 12%c
SSWSffi^SSBi^S^gg^^^^^^Sfl^K W BSr-»v I va^ At Last.
\ v.— *. -.„. i.u«i *.*iii • i-i i a III" , IJUlCZV." selling 1-»X ltCi <x UUa UL - m ¦JZr 3 * • + or-c; omtiinrl t Vi a VkAffnm * n atkT I%» *- L£ •! *J tilCi lUL \ji. LIlUSc
buy a brace that will positively prevent S ] x TKn '• ters around tne Dottom, new qav,^-S-r» n^ ri 3^l tttrn-OVFR pdt
it and ward off cases of pulmonary a^rn-KT^'''riJii'ri''<i''''' : Hk'T<iT<icT^ style; closed golf pockets; "^ tarq that w- J«m
trouble and congested lungs. P They are cm E?S aU lure B&?£uSn V = a l l Seam 1 tl ?, ple a S tc l ied «S ls f skl^ <=T o^ thr^ walks aio
a^Sedt's^^ 3^ i'h^pricl 011 Cann ° treSlStthera at 5C niT" v"7l vT'r"" ¦ "Z^S&fgZ*™
m%a ISillii filif fr ipil Hiiip^p SiFwsSSH^
gans. Highly recommended by the lead- • 95fi hstfiad flf 50P BIKED-Made of the best wash silk
ing physicians for good health and well- AUU IllOlCflU Ui JUUi taffeta; collars, lace insertion, also *hem selling
poised carriage for very little money.. MEN'S : JAPANESE . ALL - SILK feather-stitched and hemstitched; In all lnem ••• •• • •— »C
;...:.;.......;.;..,;.. k ..... JR1.OO HANDKERCHIEFS,- colored borders; the newest summer shades. You save A Qorrroin «»nil t\t\n U/hink I1i<vnt
... ... \ ' _ • ,' «> A «v« good,, heavy, silk. > Joe "Rosenberg, of money by birying themenowat. this A Ddfgain and Un8 lYulCu \i\Zm m
An Item Not to Be Overlooked in c ° urse . for C hv alues asth es e...2oc P ri Ce .;.... 2 5c j m j^ Of( j °
;Our Flannelette Department, c j ftC DnOCfclDCDO 816 market street, ? »a?SU c 2S2g^wS i^g?S
BOYS' OR MEN'S FLANNELETTE § K 1 |a KiI\l-Syi 1 l& :l »lH» crocheted, in most desirable color com-
GOWN3. made of good quality striped J| 8J B I B 8J O !L. |» U |_ 3 I U Running through to 11 O'Farreu. binations; well made, warm and dur-
flannelettf. double, yoke, cuff-finished ". 7? . Jr ,. . « ».t «.,,.. n..^^ able. Why sit and crochet when you
sleeves, pocket. A sure winner at this' . ': ' mail tlrderK Solicited. PnELAIS tSUlLDIING. can get these fine hand made skirts at
price ....: .......50c O — 1 ¦ — — ! " — — O this price ..; S1.S5
SllifclGHS
Stopped •¦
|rj IJ in a
FEW MINUTES.
By sudden coughs we mean those which
come unexpectedly. You wake up in the
nigrht or get up in the, morning with a
cough. As a general thing, such coughs
i become firmly seated, in a few hours, and
you are in for a week's 'siege of cough-
ing. If not for an attack of bronchitis,
pneumonia or consumption."
All such coughs can be stopped in the
beginning by placing, a HTOMEI inhaler
in the mouth and breathing/naturally for
fifteen or twenty : minutes. This will 'kill
the germs causing the cough, almost im-
mediately. ' ¦
If the cough comes on night, place 20
drops of HYOMEl on'a piece of flannel,
pin to the night robe and retire. In the
morning all trace of the cough will have
disappeared.;
Croup cannot exist for. one hour if the
above directions. are followed.^
Ordinary coughs which have . become
seated are, cured in ; twenty-four hours. ; :
. Catarrh and bronchitis , require ' treat-
ment for from three to fifteen days only.
: The advance of consumption is stopped
in six days, and the germs of, the disease
completely eradicated in a very 'few
weeks.'; .; . . ' , ¦' " i' '
¦Send to The R. TV Booth Co., Ithaca, 'N.'.T.,
for five • days' treatment " free, ' or •_ purchase • a
HTOMEI outfit from your druggist. You will
never need or ever use- any other. medicine for
such diseases after testing this new ; cure.*; ,
AD V EK'-H EvRmHRNTS.
THE STARVtfflOK~PLAN
Of Treating Dyspepsia and Stomach Troubles
. Is Useless and Unscientific.
The almost certain failure of the starvation
cure for dyspepsia, has been .proven time and
Rgain, but even now a course of dieting is gen-
erally the first thing recommended for a case
«f indigestion or any Etoma.cn trouble.
Mary people with weak digestion, as well as
some physicians, consider the first step to take
in attempting to cure indigestion Is to restrict
the diet, either by selecting certain foods and
rejecting others or to cut down the amount of
food eaten to barely enough to keep eoul and
body together, in other words the starvation
plan Is by many supposed to be the first es-
sential.
All this is radically wrong. It is foolish and
L unscientific to recommend dieting to a man al-
™ ready suffering from starvation because in-
digestion itself Etarves every organ, nerve and
fiber in the body.
What people with poor digestion most need is
abundant nutrition, plenty of good, wholesome,"
properly cooked food, and something to assist
the weak stomach to digest it.
This is exactly the purpose for which Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets are adapted and the true
reason why they cure the worst cases of stom-
ach trouble.
Eat a sufficient amount of wholesome food
• n<l after each meal take one or two of Stuart's
Dyrpepsla Tablets to promptly digest It
In this way the system is nourished and the
overworked stomach rested, because the tablets
will digest the food whether the stomach works
'or not, one grain of the active digestive prin-
ciple In Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets being suf-
ficient to digest 3<X)0 grains of meat, eggs or
other albuminous food.
Dr. Harlandson and Dr. Redwell recommend
these tablets in all cases of defective digestion
because the pepsin and diastase In them are
absolutely free from animal matter and other
impurities, and being pleasant to the taste
are as cafe and harmless for the child as for
the adult.
All drugstore* cell this excellent preparation
and the daily use of them after meals will be of
great benefit, not only as an Immediate relief
but to permanently build up and invigorate the
dieeEtive organs.
@VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
A have been In uae over fifty
years by the leaden of th»
Mormon Church ¦ and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of «eU-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
ftla. Pains la Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfitness to Mar.
rjr. Loss of Semen, VaricoeeleorCon-
etipation. Stop Ner *"J WM vous Twitchingof
Eyelids. Effects are ZZZ-^ZL immediate. im-
part vigor and pote CKHT9 ncy toevery func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a'cure is at hand.
Restore smalt undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis at.,
6sji Francisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., -S8
and 40 Third street.
JBflppfgfc- RUPTURE
W^^^CiS?^^^ V ' XXJCTttxc TKtSS ffi
§1 JsagBgygsy^ — Jfothinglike it. Comfort &£ffl
l! r= "'<*?V 1 ' "ecurity! A Perfect Retainer. Mm
H ./flfioJ 1 doe * 4^° work! *3T Call or fljj
/Jhf\ *'ritfifcx&iyfor"K>OKiITI»O.L"jB|
Address: Magnetic E. Tnrss Co., Hj
206 Port Street, San Francisco, Cal. BKi
cr 1145 Broadway, New York. Mention thU Piper gSMSt
BROWNS
• BRONCHIAL 3£sK
TROCHES *«2.s*-'
I 1 1 U U 1 1 L0 AToid imitations.THE CALL'S Tt AOHSTO- FORM GHART
LONDON. March 11.— King Edward's
steeplechaser Ambush II, favorite for the
Liverpool Grand National, -pulled up lame
thia morning after a trial at Newmarket.
The betting on Ambush II this morning
was 6 to 1 against, but the odds dropped
this afternoon to 20 to 1 againat. The
King's trainer, Lushlngton, says it is too
near to make a definite statement as to
the extent of the horse's injury, but he
trusts Ambush II will be all right in a
day or two. Later in. the day it was an
nounced that Ambush , II had been
scratched for the Grand National.
King Edward's Horse Is Lame.
United States . Local Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger rendered a decision yesterday
suspending for thirty days the license of
Captain O. W. Parker of the steamer
Washtenaw. On March 1, this year, the
Washtenaw, drawing twenty-four feet of
water, was on her Way from the wharf in
San Francisco to Port Costa, when a
strong tide carried her against Invincible
Rock, doing but little damage to the ves
sel. Owing to ¦ the circumstances sur
rounding the case and the good reputation
of Captain Parker as a careful and con
scientious navigator, the inspectors
thought that thirty dayB* suspension of
his license was a sufficient punishment.
Captain Parker's Punishment.
The City Attorney then advised the
board, that, in order to legally gain an ex
tension of, time and to secure a modifica
tion of ..the original ' plans it would be
necessary to obtain .the j consent of not
only the executors, but of the heirs of
the estate as well. No further action was
taken by the board and it was understood
bythe Sutro heirs, that the matter would
bo allowed to lapse. The action of the
workmen in driving posts In the roadway
at Corbett road and near Laguna Honda
is indicative of the intention of the ex
ecutors of the Sutro estate to regain pos
session of the large tract of land
which was deeded to the city under con
ditions which have not been carried out
The Board of Public Works wa3 in
formed yesterday -by Police Officer Shee
han that a force of surveyors and as
sistants were at work on Dewey boule
vard planting posts near its junction with
Corbett road with a view to closing up
the thoroughfare. This action is the re
sult of the failure of the city and '"county
to complete the construction of the boule
vard within a certain specified time. The
date when the work- was to have been
finished expired March 1, and in addition
no funds have been appropriated by the
Board of Supervisors for the purpose of
improving the right of way deeded by the
late Adolph Sutro.
Recently the Board of Supervisors de
sired to obtain an extension of time with
in which to carry out the city's part of
the agreement. The executors of the es
tate.were willing to grant this extension
and also consented to a modification of
the original plans whereby the original
width of the boulevard was to be ma
terially lessened.
Sutro Estate Preparing
to Close up Dewey
Boulevard.
CITY MAY LOSE
FINE DRIVEWAY
Jury^i Commissioner Is Appointed.
¦;,- William Broderlck, formerly. Auditor.! of
San . Francisco, •¦ was- appointed
byj United . States • Circuit 'Judge r Morrow
as v jury commissioner ¦ for - - the V United
States -.Circuit . Court, uvlce "Stewart Men
zies,'! deceased. BroderJck's duties will be
to,; assist "the" clerk <in selecting ' trial
I Jurors. , .-' '., •;.', . , ( '
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Tuesday, March 11.— Weather fine. Track heavy.
.'Ml!). FIRST RACE — Six furlongs; selling; three-yeac-olds and up; to first, >325.
, j — , r _ _ . . ¦ . q - . - — I Bettinsr.
Index Horse, Age.; Weight. 1st. %. %. ' Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. , Op. Cl.
.'5203 Antolee. 4 110 5 38 21 2 5 In D. A. Honig. ....Conley 4 9-2
!»40l Rasp, 4... 103 3 2 3 3 8 1 n 2 10 P. Howley..... Hoar 10 , 8
3390 Gold Baron, 6. ...106 « « 3 4 3 3 n 3 ¦% H. L. Haskell.Winslette 50 100
2931 Mocorito, a .100 114 1 % 4 1 4 1 O. A. Tolle ..Ransch 9-10 7-10
3227 Mike Rice, a 108 2 4 % « 1 « 1 5 1 T. E. McLaughlin. .Prior 6 9
aOSS Elfonse. 4 100 78 8 71rtn C. P. Fink Troxler 6 8
.'{401 Little Gun, 4... .105 4 5 1/4 5 1 5^i 7 2 J.. Lodge & Co.. Frawley 30 100
.'S407 Bellario. 4 103 8 7 1 7 3 8 8 Mrs. Perslco.. . . .Perglco 50 100
Time— i/i, -.25%; H. :52%; «4, 1:19%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, D. A.
Honig's b. nv by Lettoon-Anvolee. Antolee won because Conley picked the beet going-.
Gold Baron can run eome'on a' dry track. Mocorito not ready. Mike Rice will do better
on a fast track. Scratched— Golden Light 105, Blackthorn 97, Alado 108, The Elk 103J
Band de Lee 09. 1 '. . _•_ _ : j ' , • " ¦
JHUO. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; sellliiR; two-year-olds; to first, |325.
. . . , __ . __ . ______
Index Horse and Weight. St.. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
(3402) Gulda 103 2 ... 11 In . 1 Hi A. B. Spreckels.Blrknrth 2 21-B
(337«) Delsegno" ........110 1 ... 3.1 3 2 2 1 Chinn & Forsythe. Conley 7-10 9-20
3402 Clarinette 103 4 ... '2 n 2 1 3 2 H. J. Jones..... Ransch 8 13
3402 The Phantom.... 105) B ... 4 0,4345 H. E. Rowell.J. Mathws 10 20 .
3402 Temprano .105 3 ... R 5 . r» . Geo. Van Gorden.Frwly 3' ' 10 .
Tlme--^, :2CVi; *A, :52%. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, A. B. Spreckels'
li. f. by The Judge-Makawao. Guida had the path. Conley on favorite out off two or
three time*. Temprano cut. oft Just after start, spoiling any chance he may. have had.
342). THIRD RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; to first, f 325. ;
¦ ¦ ¦ • I •-¦ ¦'. ' ~~ Bettlngr.
Index Horse, Age, Weight. St. %. .%. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. " Cl. '¦
:M0C The Singer, 5 110 2 16 15 1 fi : 1 6 Magrane & Co.. .Troxler 7 12
340fi Ned Dennis, 5.... 110 5 20 28 2 10 28 Piedmont Stable.Brknrth 7-10 3-3
3407 Killeen. S :;..110 4'. 4 2 4 1 3"'^ 3 2 M. Allman .J. Daly BO CO
3413 Har. Thatcher, 5.110 3 3 2 35 • 43 ' 44 W. Johnson..... : See 4 7
3108 Rio Chlco, 0.....110 1 6 64 5 10 5 10 O. A. Tolie .Ransch ,.1O s
2«168 |Jlm McClfevy, 0.113 « 5 % «, « ¦ 6 J. Coffey...J. Matthews 5 8
Time— V*. -.2.*.; %. :50V 4 ; %; 1:19%; ¦%, l:33Vi. Bad>start. /Won easily. 'Second and third
driving. Winner. W. P, -Magrane & Co.'s b. g. by The Bard-Minnie Andrews. Troxler on
. winner, beat his field away, .getting the path.' Killeen showed eome Improvement.' Thatcher
hard, to guess. Rio Chico cut off_ at start. McCleevy not ready. Scratched— El Rey 107. '
'At--. FOURTH RACK— Mile and 50 yards; selling; three-year-olds and, up; to first, : ?325.
IndexlHorse, Age. Weight. St. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cjf.
. 3380 I Sunello, 5. ...9ft 4. 2h 2 1% 2 h 12 M. Storn. . . . .Birkenruth 4 5
3412 Lodestar, a.. .....100 3 4 h 3 n 3 1 2 % O'Keefe & Co Troxler 4 8
(340S) Tyranus, 3..- . 9fl 1 12 12 1 n ; 3 3 Summers A, Co. .Ransch -2 6-2
3414 Jnvlctus, 4.'...... 94 0 6. 5 6- 42 4 1% James Wilgon..Winslett» 20 100
(3412) Hungarian. 6. ....109 2:, 3 2 . 4 Vi 5 6 5 12 , G. W. Miller. ... .Conley 8-5 6-5
3412 Legal Maxim. 3.. 85 5 5 10 « '• C , 0- . - |Jonen &Co ...Knapp] 15 20
Time— #. :25%; %. :49»/j: %. 1:19; mile, 1:48; 1m 50yds, 1:51%. Good start. Won first -
three driving. Winner, M. Stom's b. g. by Morello-Sunllt. Tyranug found the route too
far and Sunello outstayed Lodestar. Invlctus displayed some Improvement. Hungarian could
not get. the path. ¦ :. ¦¦ I- '.-.¦•' ' ,: •. ¦. ,• .
3423. FIFTH .RACE— Six, furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; to first. $325.' I.'J^
Index Horse, Age. Weight, sf. %. %. Str. .Fin.' Owner and Jockeyi Op. . "ci.
339rEdlnborough./5..:i09 1 . 12 ,14,12 1 y W." Ketcheman..MathW8 "~T 12
3365 Parsifal, 4..'. 102 3 4 8 4 4 2 3 ,;2 4 V J. D. Fltzgerald-.Blrkrth , 10- 1«
3411 Bragg. 3. ........103 4 5 5 - 5 • v- 3 K Curl & Co....... Ransch ' 3 18-5
(r,403) Botany. 3..:. ....100 2 3 4 3 1- 3 1 4 5 E. E. Edwards ..J. Daly 5-2 5
3357 T. of Candles. 4.-. 100 5 2 n ,2641 '5 Caesar Young.. Wtnslette *- * 1 7-10
Time — J.i. :26; %, :52%: %. 1:20. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, W H -
Ketch^nan's br.h.. by. Albert-Mol Moi. .Winner slipped away .. on the rail, and It was ¦ all >
over. Bragg no early speed.^Candles lacked her usual supply of speed and ran out in the
Btretch. Botany cut oft on backstretch by Candles. .,;.
34^4. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first, $325. , ¦', •'
Index Horse,' Age. Weight. St.. ¦ :Y*. %• Str. . Fin/ • Owner and Jockey. 6^>!* U^i'.
3302~LoyaI S. 4.. . . .. . .110 3 ' 1 2 : 1' 1W 1 1% 1 '*,(, : V. Gilbert. ....:.. Conley " 4 l«-5 "
3397 Courtier. 4 ...... ..107 4 3 4 > 3 1% 3 3 . 2 2% J. M. Crane /....TWxler 3 ' . 5
3404 Dk. of York II, a. Ill 2 2 3 '28 2 h 33. I. -Morehouse:... Frawley 8-5 B-6
3417 Billy Lyons,. 4.. ..108 1 . 4 6 4 10 4 6 4 B •': J.'B. Bartano A Kelly 4 «
3367 Elmer L, 4...;. .'.110 6 ; 6. « 5 25' 8 50 Klunder & Burns Hoar 6 H
8380 Major Hooker, a..lll 5 r, 5 2 , 5 h , 0 , ; . 6 , V N. M. Jortall "™: .Dyer 50 ' iqq ¦
Time— V*. :27: %, ,:53; %. '¦ 1:2OV4^ mlle^ 1:48. "- Good^start. Won first three drllng. wml
. ner.A'. Gilbert's b.' g.> by Loyalist-Tlllie S./ Loyal S had /the tow path. Duke could have '¦
Fifth race-^-MUe „ and -; fifty yards;, selling;
four-year-olds and ; upward : .¦ ¦ .-. - _
v 3339 El Mldo..... ;105l 3417 Grd. Sachem. 105
3372 Expedient . . : 105 3424 Loyal - S .101
3410 Mission . .'. ...Ill I 3422 Lodestar -, Y. ..Ill
Sixth race — Seven 1 furlongs; , selling;, three
yea.T-olda and upward:,? . ,• •• •; ¦/.; ¦ .
(3406)Qulz II... ....1071 3408 Kllldoo ;....:. "fiO
3368 Meropa ......110" 3373 Flamero ..-.:. 110
2942 Evea 0....../ 04' 3391 Tiburon ;...*. 110
-S301 Sen. Malta... 1101 '. . ¦
Selections for To-Day.
¦¦¦ First race— Panamlnt, Ned Dennis; > Oui
Lizzie . ¦ • •¦ .•• ;. '-:¦.-'.'¦. :•¦•' ',,
i Second^ race— Foul Play, El Rey, Phil Archi
bald.' ¦.-¦ . . '¦¦ ¦ . ¦ ' ..; .> ' ". .::
, : Third raee-7-Arabo, Georgle Hudson.
'¦ Fourth frace^-Jingier, Picador. ' Morinel. -.
_-. Fifth race-^El Mldo, ; Grand Sachem, : Lode
star.!;.
./Sixth race— Quiz. -Evea G. Tiburon.
The.Loring -Club;, gave its thirdicon
cert last night: at Native SonsV Hall/ and
the ' several ; numbers were enjoyed by ; a
large and fashionable audience. The sing
ing was up to the usual high standard of
the ; club. Selections- by -Miss, Grace I
Davis, H.;H., Barnhart, Dr.- J. F. Smith
and Ed C. Boysen were rendered In line
voice. : ' x ¦'¦::-">¦ ., '¦',¦¦ '.\\ : ¦
Loring 1 ; Club .Entertains."
Fourth race — Mile and a quarter;' selling;
Uiree-year-olds and upward : ¦
2854 Ban gror ......109 3374 Jlntfer ......* fl|
32S9 Picador ......HI S4O4 Morinel 104
(3401)TuUb 10U 2697 Fa turn ;...... 102
Second race — Seven furlongs; selling; three
year-olds and upward : '
(3413)E1 Key. . . . . . .107 339G Foul Play. . . .108
34O4 Frank Woods.110 33S8 Alturas -•......, 110
3417 Nilgar t....... 110 3323 Idalette 10S
3412 P. Archibald. 110 3412 Golden Mght.lOT
Third race — Four furlongs; purse; : two-year
olds: • i .
3415 Hudson .... .'.113! 3410 Arabo l!.113
a410 Georgie West.llOl 3233 Escaroia ... ..108
Lee Jackson . departed for, Los Angeles
on Monday evening. He will probably go
on \o Memphis from that .city. Jackson
rode many winners at Oakland and was
popular with racegoers.
Dick Dwyer. 1 . who is doing, the starting
at Oakland this week, did some excellent
work with the gate.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Six furlongs; selling:; three-year
olds and upward:
.T-ifCl Devereaux ...115 3366 Marat ine ...".112
:U14 Our Lizzie... .113 3421 Ned ' Dennls.V.115
X',12 Bonitan' .....110 8*01 Onyx 115
:«07 El Kara..: ."..112 :«95 Eva N... 09
310U Panamlnt ...118 3414 Scallywag ...112
Track Notes.
When J. Pollard Crowther was arraign
ed in Judge Mogan's court yesterday on
a ' charge ¦ of passing :'a fictitious check for
J100 upon; J. 1 A.. Robinson of the Knicker
bocker Hotel it was discovered that there
was an error, in the complaint, which
made it necessary for a 1 new one to ba
sworn to '. and - the defendant rearrested.
.T^ie . case was : then continued till . this
morning,- notwithstanding the objection
of Attorneys -Van Fleef and Craig, repre
senting the defendant, who asked for^a
dismissal on. the ground that the original
complaint was invalid. J. Morgan' Smith,
who gave *• the -check to, Crowther as a
joke, was in'court^anxiously: awaiting de
velopments. , •'. ,. : . ,- • i.
Pollard Crowther Is Rearrested.
Nevada-Hastings Debate.
For the second annual intercollegiate
debate between the University of Nevada
and the Hastings College of the. Law Ne
vada has submitted the question: "Re
solved, That Combinations of Capital Are
a Benefit Rather Than a Menace to the
Commonwealth." The debate Is to be held
in the auditorium of the Girls' High
School, corner Geary and Scott streets,
Friday evening, March 14. The affirma
tive is to be upheld by L. F. Dreher, John
P. Plover and Walter D. Cole of Hast
ings, the negative by George W. Sprlng
meyer; George E. Anderson and John W.
Wright, of Nevada. Last year the law
students went up to Reno and defeated
the sagebrush orators and much interest
is manifested 'in the outcome of the pres
ent contest. . * , ¦'.
RAID OX ' MILK "WAGONS.— Chief Food
Inspector Robertson and his assistants made
another raid on milk wagons Monday night
and . condemned 73% Kalians out of 4041 sal-
Ions of milk inenected.
Big Sale of Harness.
All goods marked in plain figures. Spe
cial 10 per cent discount Wednesdays and
Saturdays. Leibold Harness Co., 211
Larkin street. ,.¦ •
The famous Mormon Tabernacle choir
of 150 voices will be heard in this city on
Sunday next. An excursion of 550 people
will arrive from Salt Lake City next Sat
urday afternoon in charge of 'Evan
Stephens, director and manager of the
choir. The party will travel in fine style
in Pullman sleepers.
While no ; concerts are to be given by
the chOlr in •• this city, services will be
held at Metropolitan Hall next Sunday
afternoon, where the choir will sing. The
sermon will be by the Rev. Mr. Talmage,
one of the best known of Mormon elder.8.
The^excursionists will remain in the city
until Thursday, the 20th inst., when they
Will go to Pacific Grove, returning thence
to Salt Lake via San Jose. During their
"stay here the excursionists will visit the
State University and Mount Tamalpais.
An' excursion on the bay is .underlined as
one of the features of entertainment.
Reach City Next Satur
day.
Large Excursion From Salt Lake to
FAMOUS MORMON CHOIR
WILL BE HEARD HERE
If there was one certainty on the card
it looked to be Tower of Candles. . Caesar
Young's mare had his odds hammered
down from evens to 7 to 10. and ran abso
lutely last." "Jess" Matthews, on Edin
borough, a 12 to 1 shot, got away in the
lead and stayed there. Parsifal, the long
est priced one of the bunch," beat Bragg
four lengths '¦ for the place.
"Longshot" Conley played the star role
in the afterpiece, a mile selling number.
He had the mount on Loyal S, the 1C to 5
second choice, and, beating the others to
the path, won at the wire from Courtier in
a driw. Duke of York, the favorite, fin
ished third. SKiSS '
Birlcenruth rode a well judged race on
Sunello, capturing the mile and fifty yard
selling affalrwith Mat Storm's horse at
odds of 5 to 1. He trailed Tyranus to
the bend for home and then cutting loose
picked up the Inside position and ridden
out disposed of Lodestar by a couple of
lengths. Hungarian, the favorite, had to
trial in the deep going and was not promi
nent any part of it. .
On form Ned Dennis looked best of
the six starters in the sev/m-furlong event
and was installed a 7 to 10 favorite. The
gelding ran his race, but was outfooted
from start to finish by The Singer, a 15
to 1 shot, piloted by Troxler. Killeen, a
60 to 1 Shot, dropped into the show.
For the opening sprint Mocorlto, the
mount of Ransch, was extensively touted,
closing a 9 to 10 favorite. She displayed
some of her old-time speed for half a mile
and then collapsed. Conley, on Antolee,
a well played one, took the rail position In
the stretch, beating Hoar, astride; Rasp,
in a hard drive.
Delsegno. from the Chlnn & Forsythe
stable, bankrupted half of the combina
tion players by going down to defeat in
the two-year-old scramble at odds of 9 to
20. Conley, who had the mount, did not
get away well and was then hemmed in
on the rail behind Guida and Clarinette.
At the wire Gulda scored by half a length,
with the favorite second, a length before
Clarinette.. ¦-• -;v -••¦• . ¦
that made of it a veritable quag
mire. Yesterday, as on a similar occasion
some days ago, there was a comparatively
dry strip next the rail and the rider that
succeeded in seizing it invariably landed
his mount first at the wire. Upsets were
expected and nobody was disappointed,
for a perfect deluge of long shots
swamped the first choices. "Billy" Ma
grane'R vocal phenomenon, The Singer,
carried off the honors by scoring at odds
of 15 and 20 to 1.
SLOWLY and in pa ches the sur
face of the track at Oakland is
assuming its accustomed velvety
appearance after the fierce storms
Alec Pape. champion amateur oarsman
of the Pacific Coast, is contemplating en
tering the professional ranks. He is now
considering a challenge from, Henry Pe
terson to row a mile and half race In
shells over the Oakland estuary. Peter
son has challenged Pape to race for $1003
and a percentage of the gate receipts.
In the event Pape accepts the challenge
the ranks of the amateur oarsmen will
sustain a heavy loss. Pape is easily th«
best amateur oarsman on the coast. For
the past four years he has represented
the Dolphin and Olympic clubs in rowing
regattas and has always been victorious.
Peterson is engaged In the boating busi
ness, but has not been In a shell for
months. Five or six years ago he com
peted against such cracks as Gaudaur,
O'Connor, Stansbury and Hanlan. Ha
ranked with them In ability and won
many races. The interest In professional
rowiag dwindled and Peterson decided to
retire. He would have remained in retire
ment but for the fact that many devotees
of rowing expressed a desire to see him
row again.
There is 1 no one more worthy to contsst
with Peterson than young Pape. He has
youth and strength and can pull an oar
with the beat of them. In all his races he
has far outclassed his opponents. He has
defeated such good men as Ayers of th«
Alameda Boat Club, Dr. Dennis of the
South Ends and McCausland of the Ariel-*.
He defeated the champion of the North
west in his own water and has won a
score of trophies by his skill with the
oar. His time for a mile equals that
made by Peterson In his palmy days.
The members of the Olympic Club are
trying to dissuade Pape from taking th©
step, but if he decides to do so they will
show the same enthusiasm they did when
Jimmy Britt entered his professional
career.
Now Considering a
Challenge.
Amateur Oarsman Is
PAPE MAY TURN
A PROFESSIONAL
and this is my 'debut into . the
histrionic ranks. . Watch me, because -I
wjll surely make McGovern, Sullivan,
Fitzsimmons and other star, performers
retire to the wings and turn green with
envy."
i George Webster is training Britt for his
four-act contest. He says Jimmy Is In the
pink of condition and will score a knock
out in every scene. Britt says he is not
losing any weight through worry, be
cause he has confidence in his ability to
memorize his lines/ The advance sale of
seats for the . thrilling melodrama Is
large. The gallery has been enlarged and
seats' will be placed on the roof to accom
modate Brltt's friends. The betting is
lively. Britt is on the long-end and odda
of 100 to 1 are offered that, he will score
a big hit.
DENVER,, Colo., March 11.— Patrick R.
Gallagher, president of the Colorado Ath
letic Club, willy forward a bid_to-morrow
for the championship fight between'Jef
fries and Fitzsimmons. He will offer a
purse of 520,000, or 63 per cent of the gate
receipts. Jeffries, who passed- through
Denver ; on -his "way to the - coast a few
days ago, <¦ told Gallagher he would like
to fight here. . . . . .
Denver "Wants the Big Fight.
"Jimmy," said Webster, "I can see you
¦were born to be an actor. You come to
rehearsal late and act the part like my
esteemed friend Henry Irving. Do not. 1
beg of you, be so strenuous at rehearsal.
SAY, Jimmy Britt ha? dat guy Mc-
Govern lashed to der mast when
it comes to play acling," said
the scene ehifter at the Central
The3t<?r yesterday as he watched
Jimmy and other stars rehearsing '"The
Bowery After Dark."
Britt struck an attitude and was about
to say ta Gt-orgie Cooper, "fly wid me
and do me waghin'." when that charming
actress side-stepped and Jimmy's lead fell
short. The aspirant for lightweight hon
«rs led again and as the tough giri
ducked the villain received the blow in
his digestive department. There was no
gallery present to howl approval, but
Eritt received the congratulations of his
trainer, George Webster. ' v :
Do You Play Poker P
If you do, buy your chips of us. We
have a complete stock of chips, playing
cards, dice, chessmen, checkers and a
large variety of tally* cards. Sanborn.
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •.
RESULTS OF TUESDAY'S RACING AT THE OAKLAND TRACK
or your brother and sister artists will be
unlit to portray the emotions in this
thrilling melodrama."
Mr. Britt took the advice in good part
and did not attempt any knockouts. Pre
vious to this, however, he had landed on
Stanley- 'Ross and tried to throw Ernest
Howell through a transom. At theclose
of the iirst epasm Brltt had a speech
framed for the empty chairs, tiut re
frained from delivering It. i Instead, he
came over to the wings and whispered
to a frirnd: "This is duck soup for me.
I'll learn my part in two hours. I am not
tossing any bouquets at myself, but when
the Sixth-street bunch see 'me act they
will think that I ought to play leads for
Mansfield or 'Bottle' Koenlg. I""was an
amateur boxer and I. turned professional
and made good. I was an amateur actor
JIMMIE BRITT, THE NEWLY FLEDGED PROFESSIONAL PUGILIST-ACTOR, IN SOME OF THE SOUL-STIR
RING POSES HE WILL USE IN ELEVATING THE STAG*E, AND A FEW OF THOSE WHO WILL HELP
HIM TO HOLD IT UP.
CLEVER BOXERS WHO MEET
TO-NIGHT IN A SPECIAL
BOUT.
Johnston was arrested by Policeman Be
han and booked. at the City Prison. He
was at once released on $20 cash bail.
"Don't you dare take, hold of my coat."
said the conductor, and, according to
Crounse, Johnston then struck him on the
face and threw him from the car, which
had by this time begun to move. Crounso
fell into the ¦ muddy road, ¦ spraining his
wrist. and otherwise bruising himself. He
ascertained the name of the conductor
yesterday and at once swore out a war
rant for Johnston's arrest. It iaprobable
that he will also bring suit against the
company for damages for being thrown
off th« car. k ._
Crounse boarded an Eddy-street car
and afterward transferred ; '. to a Fill
more-street car. He forgot to ask
for a .transfer, to the . Folsom-street
line when he boarded the Fillmore
street car, and when he reached Six
teenth and Folsom, he asked for a trans
fer. "He was roughly informed by the
conductor that he should have asked for
the transfer when he got on the car at
Eddy and Fillmore streets.
Crounse insisted upon getting a trans
fer and the conductor ordered, him ¦> to
leave the car. .He took hold of thecon
ductor's coat and. said, "I want to sec
your r.urtiber." ' "
Frederick C. Crounse, living at 733 Turk
street, had his dignity as a citizen and
elder of a church considerably ruffled by
being thrown from a Fillmore-street car
last Saturday afternoon,, and yesterday
ho swore out a warrant for tho» arrest of
Benjamin Johnston, the conductor, on a
charge of battery.
NEW YORK, March 11.— The demurrer
to the temporary injunction restraining
A. G. Spalding from acting as president
of the National League of Baseball Clubs
came up for argument to-day before Jus
tice Truax in the. Supreme Court. Colonel
John I. Rogers, John M. Ward, F. M.
Northrup and W. W. Kiddle, representing
• the Philadelphia, Brooklyn, Pittsburg and
Chicago clubs, named as defendants,
argued in favor of the - demurrer. De
lancy Nicoll, for the plaintiffs, the New
York, Boston, ¦ Cincinnati and St.* Louis
clubs, submitted briefs on behalf of his
clients. Decision was reserved.
Baseball Case Is Argued.
Trouble Over a Transfer
Leads to Arrest of
a Conductor. j*
NEW ORLlEANS, March 11.— Results: ..
First race, selling," mile and seventy yards-
Free Admission won; Maple second, , Paul . Bart
third. Time, 1:45^. *j>
Second race, selling:, six furlongs — Haidee
won, Sim W second, Gala Day third, -Time,
1:13%. "
Third race. Belling:, mile and an eighth —
Little Tommy .Tucker won. Big' Injun second,
Hocapa third. ' Time, 1:55%. ¦ ; - - v
Fourth race, handicap, eix and a half fur
longs — Death won. Maggie Davis second, Andes
third. Time, 1:20. ..
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth — Van Hoore
heke won, Banish second. McWilliams third.
Time, 1:47. ¦ i. ¦¦•.-.
Sixth race, one mile — Reflect won, Money
Back second, Frank Jones third. Time, 1 :43%.
New Orleans Bacing.
During the coming season a number of
matinee races will be held on Golden Gate
Park speedway, the prizes. being blue rib
bons. The speedway has been closed for
some time owing. to the heavy rains, but
will soon be placed in condition for speed-
Ing. The amatsur drivers are all looking
f oi • fast trotters and pacers, and many
li\ely trials of speed are in prospect. '. ;
.Applications for membership were re
ceived last night from C. L. Becker and
S. Sprague. - :
A committee consisting of "President
Aigeltinger and Dr. I. B. Dalziel will en
deavor to secure Emeryville track for the
day, that. being the most available near
this city. A successful meeting. was held
there by the association last year and a
second one was held, at Vallejo. ' ' ->¦. .'
President Edward Aigeltinger presided
over, a.' lively meeting of "the club last
night. It" was determined to hold a race
meeting on Decoration day, when four
races, including one for the; valuable
Frank ;O'Kane; trophy, will be decided;
Several amateur reinsmen have wonvthis
trophy once and are anxious to, make it
their, property. All races will be best two
out of three heats. A prize of SloO'wiU'be
offered" in each. - : ,
Withthe approach of. pleasant weather
the members of Golden Gate. Park Driv
ing Association are showing / signs of
awakening interest in the pleasurable
pastime of? speedway driving. ¦". '¦-,,
,WiH Hold Many Matinee
Races and Some Big
MeetiDga
THROWS CITIZEN
OFF MOVING CAR
On Friday evening next the Acme Club
of Oakland will bring off three good con
tests. Mose La Fontise . of • Oakland and
"Young" Gibbs are to battle twenty
rounds at 142 pounds. Jimmy Reilly and
Jack Kane are to go ten rounds at 133
pounds, and' "Kid" Lavell and "Cyclone"
Kelly, are to meet at catchweights. - > '
. There will be six other four-round bouts
between well known amateurs. Jack Me-
Cormick and Tom Snailham will meet at
118 pounds. Ton). Snailham is a. brother
of the' ex-amateur .bantam .champion of
the coast. Joe " Angeli, who defeated
"Fussy" Little very: handily last month,,
is to fight Jack Coyne, a clever young
ster. Paul Martin, the youth who made
"Kid" Kreling quit in the last Olympic
Club tournament, is to meet Jack Adams.
Martin' hit Kreling more than 100 times
In two minutes' fighting.
"Monte" --Attel," a brother of Abe Attel,
the California featherweight who will soon
meet McGovern, is to box Billy Downs.
Charles Behnard and Jack McDonald are
to box four rounds at 250 pounds and Fred
Landers and Tom Bell are to go the same
distance at 125 pounds.
Johnson has been winning every contest
he has had forftbe last. three months and
Is looked upon as a coming boxer. He is
a protege of "Kid" McFadden. The lat
ter has taught him all the wrinkles of the
game and Johnson is now a dangerous
opponent. , Hig last big: victory was over
Jockey Boseman, whom, he outpointed in
four torrid rounds. Neal has just • re
turned from the Orient. He is in the
transport service, but while absent from
the city he has kept up his boxingr. He is
a stiff puncher and always puts up a fast
bout. . > ' /
Tf"=^y OBBIE JOHNSON and Frank
I JJ Neal are to contest for the ban
•'iKJr'v tamweight championship of the
JJL^sSk Pacific Coast to-night under the
auspices • of , the Bay City Ath
letic>Club. The lads will box four rounds
In Mechanic^ Pavilion Annex. . .
Amateur Drivers Plan
a Season of Rare
.. Sport. 1
Robbie Johnson and Frank Neal to Engage in Four
Round Contest Before Bay City Club.
REINSMEN READY
FOR SPEEDWAY
Lightweight Champion Will Appear at the Central
Theater in a Thrilling Melodrama.
JIMMY BRITT IS IN TRAINING
FOR "THE BOWERY AFTER DARK"
BANTAM AMATEUR CHAMPIONS
WILL BATTLE FOR SUPREMACY
THE SAN FRANCISCO WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902V
4
Constipated Old Age
Isn't it too bad that so many people, when they get old, get
cranky and rickety and mean, and don't feel right towards themselves \
or anybody else; yet it need not be so. J
*v" C *v c *y™£ 8 milk o me feel «o HtfiMiearted «ad IItcI?, that
- _^^0^T jC$\Vw though I have leea three ncoro and three, a few mor«
score* I yet m*y sea."— James S. Millar, Villa Park. CaL
JSssf /'¦£&' "For many years I h»T« been troubled, with constipation.
/Ww^nJ/, I used one 2.5c and two Me hoxet of Cancarets. and they h»T«
li&mirfSiKV * — «5> \ effected » permanent cure. Sincn my diMcharga from thn
BB3rJr/jl93IWrr~ ~^S^Z*^ army in liifiZ. I hnvo n«T»r before found a la*tin« remed-»."
mgffl(/UKM(fuf*^SZ>^ —H. J. ilcQwern, »O Chapline Street. Wheolins.W. Va.
/yfCWflfcfiSy /^"^iw_ i' 1 """* tronbled with somethinz that baffled the skill of
MC^jnSmnHi \ Physicians for 35 years; I nued tiro b^ses of Cascarets and
£%j 'J^KVmilftjA 3^, T*\i * m better health than ever before."
Kv5f A^'PfliiBr^- 1 \ \\ "Six month's ago I took Casear»ts for constipation ron-
V«i#'t73 ' 1 JSi>' / UA tracted during th« War of the Rebellion. The rf8ult U
*5^L."*7 1 IhW A<5«iYk wonderful and I advian all old soldiers t.o try them "
I 3r77tl 3 —Jas. Putman. late Capt. 53rd 111., Haney. Wis.
'fiS&SlSiJisiiUl £^**£t&r 'If* "I wm feeline bad. Io*ine flesh, had dull headache, eold
' Jt ¦ tjT "et. and couldn't sleep well. I took Cascarets. aad in four
/^&Wff^r fj weeks e»ined 15 pounds. Am feelin« fln« now."
A 1 ju —A. B.sjtory, veteran Mexican and Civil Wars, Epworth, I».
; ¦' JBuL. ' 1 "— "^^^^ "^ h» T » been nsing Cascareta for som« time tor
FgZgk constipation, and their creates* b»n«flt has b«-en t<>
jJeffffiK. £ ur * m « "'•"'" hl?1 w" l f ra l 1 my >wth 7 ear » Qd ha4
i^^nHt '¦ EdSBSBEMHDBbb^^. • been surfarinil with asthm 1 * for years."
ili^nlr^^iiTlWi ' Tnnpr^ffinlilft '. ""Belnr now Jn my 79th year, I had snffered f«i
+TBB^r f£S VBB£NU&Cr m five years from kidney trout) 1*. disordered ttomaeh,
IT W&2g$er lntluestion, no appetltfl. twinges of rheumatism.
* W^ \j*$r \®W« An . er ftve week! ' takJnir Cascarets, all tha abovo
< \ " .^»T wT^^ " bodily annovancet were driven from my tystam. I
• ' TV *» now fe<»I able to danca a break-down "
All 1J —Frank O. Mahoney. West 8ld«, Hannibal. Mo.
; All old people's 1 muscles get weak and flabby, and it's the same
with the muscular. walls of their intestines as with the xnuscles of their
arms. When the ; bowelsgrow ( .weak, the old folks get constipated,
bilious,; sick helpless, irritable, and that's the chief cause of their
death Old folks should take Cascarets Candy Cathartic bowel tonic,
keep their liver lively, their bowels regular and strong and live to be
a hundred. . ** ji
%ua»mm^^- back * Sample ano booklet free. Address
Sterling Remedy Compaay, Chicago or New Yorlu m .
ADVEKTISJE1CENTS.
I
Two Facts_ .
There are more people to-day than
; ever before suffering from stomach j
and liver troubles, which, in many ¦
cases, result from chronic
Physicians all over the world have
testified that the Best and Safest
Laxative for the positive cure of Con-
stipation, Disordered Stomach and
.Liver is .
: NATURAL LAXATIVE MINERAL WATC8.
Always Ask
your Druggist for Hunyadi Janos.
(Full Name) and see that you get it.
Substitutes are worthless. ¦¦'¦'¦
U is the Best Toilet Soap made. A wonderfu
«kia curative. Best for tne complexion. B«>s
for the bath. Best for the baby Best for H
hair. Large cakes 15c. Trial sire-tic ; All dn:
Cists'. Klunyoo's Hemeilies are. poeitiTe cur, • -
Ad rice end Guide to Health free l>y mail.
Mnnyon, New Vcrk and Philadelphia!
KniIOH'8 IKH4LEB 0DEE3 OATABBH, .' :
BAJA CAL-IFORf^'lA .
Damiana Bitters
Its A CRKAT UESTOKATiVt:. l.W'i'uORA-
»cr and Nervine. . . ; ¦
The trost wonderfu! aphrodisiac and Special
Tome lot the tjr-iual Organs, for both sexes.
TheUtxican Remedy for Diseases or the Kid-
ney* and Bladder, bell* on it? own merits.
N'ABER. ALFS & BRTJNE. Amenta.
ZT: Mat-krt «t.. S. F. — <Send for Circulars.)- ;
TMb signature in on every box of the gennln*
, Laxative Bromo'Quinine Tabieu
Xtt) remedy that cores a r old in one day.i If you want good, attractive prlnling,
the kind that brings business, call'and
sets us. We print business cards, letter
' heads and all kinds of commercial sta
tionery. Prices right. Sanborn, Vail &
{ Co., 741 Market street. • •
Good Printing Wins.
| The British bark Earl Cadogan is chartered
for flour at Portland for Europe. ¦ and the
British ship Tamar wheat at Tacoma for Eu
rope. .. . :'.."'• »<>¦/« v«ttl
The schooner Ilelene loads merchandise here
for Honolulu.
f* ¦':¦¦> ¦ '
Shipping Merchants!
Matters of * Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
George W. Kimmitto has been appoint
ed to succeed Captain Moxon as mate of
the American ship Roanoke.* Kimmitto
was formerly chief officer of the ship
Bangalore or New York.-. -•,:-,'. ;
Succeeds Moxon on . Eoanoke.
The United States Pish \ Commission
steamship Albatross , sailed yesterday on
her i annual cruise. Her ; first 'stopping
place will be Honolulu,' where the scien
tific researches of previous crulaes will be
continued; • . >.-¦.'.
Albatross Sails.
M. A. Newell & Co. have been appoint
ed to take charge of the adjustment of
the claim ; for damage sustained by the
Austrian ship Deveron. which put in
here on Monday in distress.
To Adjust Deveron Damage.
The army transport Meade will be re
leased to-day from quarantine. The crew
was transferred. to Angel Island yester
day and the vessel fumigated at the quar
antine hulk at San Quentin. She will sail
for Manila on the 18th hist., taking thn
passengers now quarantined at . Angel
Island. Pilot. Steve Castle will be re
leased about tho end of thla week. ,
Meade Will Bo Released.
Tho barkentine Tropic Bird arrived yes
terday, forty days from Tahiti. She had
a stormy voyage. Her cargo Included
1031 bags of mother-of-pearl sheila, about
223 tons of copra, 31,456 cocoanuts and 37
bags of fungus.
Tropic Bird From Tahiti.
The Kofltnos liner. IsJb 1b scheduled ' to
Bail next Thursday at noon, Bhe will
carry about 3000 tons of freight. The
next vessel due of 'this line is the Her*
monthlH, which is expected to arrlvo
about the 19th.
IbIb Galls Thursday.
The news that the derelict schooner
Laura Pike is hard and fast ashore at
Nitiimt has como as a, great relief to
nhlpplnff peoplo. Evpr Blnee the vrrwl
waa nbandonedby officers nnd crew aha
1ms haunted the track of coasting steam*
lihlps. The knowledge that thls.mcnaco
to navigation has ben removed will take
a big burdnn off the minds of those re
sponsible for the safety of passenger
vessels.
Laura riko Ashore.
William Johnson filed n null for an ac
counting against the Kimball Steamship
Company yesterdays He allege!* (lint tits
Birnmniiip cottiimny owes him |4ooo tor
lumber nnd shlnglcM he t>lue«<d in the
hands ot tha corporation to sell,
Johnion Books Aoounting.
Steamer Movements
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Phoenix..... Mendocino City... Mar. 12
S. Portland. . Coos Bay Mar. 12
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports... Mar. 12
Mandalay. . . . Coquille River ...Mar. 12
Empire. ..... Coos Bay Mar. 12
O. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor Mar. 12
Bonlta , Newport & Way Ports.. Mar. 3,2
O. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Mar. 12
SantaMonlca Humboldt Mar. 13
C. Nelson.... Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Mar. Vi
Lakme Portland & Astoria Mar. 13
Queen Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Eureka Humboldt Mar 13
Spokane..... San Diego & Way Ports. Mar! IS
Point Arena. . Point Arena : Mar. 13
Arcata. Coos Bay & Port Orford Mar. IS
Del Norte... Crescent City Mar. 13
Mackinaw. . ; Tacoma Mar. 14
Rival Willapa Harbor ....... Mar! 14
Victoria. . . .-. Comox . . . '. Mar 14
Pleiades Beattle Mar. 14
Progreso Seattle Mar. 14
Coronndo. ... Santa Barbara Mar 14
J. 8. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma Mar. 15
Sta. Barbara. Santa Barbara Mar. 15
Pomona Humboldt Mar. 18
Asuncion.... Tacoma i... Mar 10
(i. W. Elder. Portland & Astoria. L... Mar 16
State of Cal.. Ban Diego & Way Ports. Mar. ltj
North Fork. . Humboldt Mar. IS
Leelanaw. . . . New York via Panama.. Mar. IS
Umatilla Puget Round Ports Mar. 18
Newburg San Pedro Mar. 18
Peking....... China & Japan Mar. 10
Hermonthis,, Hamburg via W, Coast, Mar 20
Australia,,., Tahiti i;.,. Mar 21
Cityof Para,, Panama & Way Ports., Mar 21
Santa Ana.,, Seattle & Tacoma Mar, 21
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria Mar, 21
TO BAII*
gteamer. Destination, ""Balls. J»l»rr
MBroh 19,
North Fork Humboldt ,,,,,,.,, 0 am P|e r 3
Meteor,,,.. fJeattle ft Taeonm,. D pm Pl«r »
Htalenf «'al, Han l>l«-so A Way.. 0 him Pier 11
Gtty I'uf bia 1'ueet Hound Porn 11 ant nor u
Mnreh t.i.
G. Nelien.. Im AntelM i'ertg,. I) am Pier 9
fcinul'etire.i (Ji§y» Harter ..'.• 6 pm Tier i
i'li..ei(U,,.. MPiiilufiMO Ully.... ji jho i»ur i.i
lilt llamliurs AW?)-.,. \'i ny i-i Pt = SIT
i'«|pii«,.,.. v«lpaml«§ A \Vay ( . ill m Pier m
Umpire.. •• Ct*» Ua* •••••.•.. 13 m l'i#r la
I'.ui.-iua.... IH.lilti..l"U .,..,.... 1 i.10 M flee |i
lA.(«m...... Heflttla nirnt't ...... H nm Pier 2rt
(I, MiHinuei Ofny* Harbor •¦••• (t pm Pl«r J|
•,'oHjiiHilun, ilmyrt Hni-lKir ••••• 6 f>R1 Pier y
Owptio China & jHpan,.., l pm i-Atna
¦¦ Mnruh 14i
italnUr.... gtattle A N, What. Odu PUr 9
(Jrarlnn.... Btnttle *> Tacoma,. 0 t>tn Pier 8
Columbia, • Astoria «t PurtlHnd 11 atn fUr 1%
March 10. I
Buntatlarb drays. HfcfbWijjjJi 6 pmlPler a
Arcata..... Coon .11, & l't, Orf'd Vi m Pier U
Mandalty.. Corjullle ItlVcf. Pin- 2
Kureka.... Humboldt ......... t» nmit'ier U
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm|Pier i
Honltn..... Newport «t WayPts »• amu'ler It
O. Dollar.. Qrayn Harbor...... 4 pmlPler 3
Murcli 10. i | "
T nkmn Antorla <fc Portland. D antlPIer 2
Spokane... 8M a g« o h *!#•*• W "* W . w "
Arrvll ... N.V. via Panama. 2 pm|Pler 10
Queen..... Pugcf Sound Ports. 11 amlPler 0
Ii lva i WlllBpa Harbor.... 6 pm Pier 2
. ; March 18. - |
Newburg. .. Grays HarDor 5 pm|Pler 2
Newporf... : P " " ¦ m j PMSS
O Elder. . . Astoria A Portland 11 am Pier 24
Coos Bay.'. Ban Pedro & o Way. 0 am Pier 11
| , Mnrch 20.
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts 10 am Pier 20
Alliance..: Portland & Coos B. Pier —
J Kimball . Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier-, 2
March Hi. ¦¦:•;'
Amer.Maru China & Japan...-, l'pm PMSS
FROM SEATTLE.
¦Steamer. ' , For. Sails.
Bertha....'... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. 12
City Seattle.. Skagway, &. Way Ports. Mar. 12
Dirlgo. 8kagway'& Way Ports. Mar. 14
K Thompson. Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Mar. IS
Nome City... Cooks Inlet & Way PU. Mar. 13
Al-Ki... Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 10
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Mar. 18
Dolphin Skagway &. Way Ports. Mar. 1 18
Farallon.... . Skagway &.Way Ports. Mar. 20
Sun, Moon . and Tides.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
One by one. the. whaler* urn hauling out
into the utream and heading for their
ocean hunting grounda. The seeend ©f
the fleet te null was the Andrew nieWs,
which get ftwwy yesterday, The Jennette
and Km-tuu are At aneher off MHkh*
whiiir, Tim .inMttHtH will gall tie ilny and
to-morrow the. Knrluk will fellow. Tha
remainder of the fleetls almost ready fur
Be* and by the end of thin week nil the
boats will be un the Pacific.
Whaling Fleet R«ndy for Sea.
The bark Tidal Wave arrived on Mon
day night, twenty-five days from Port
Gamble, with eleven feet of water In her
hold and hull and Bpars showing evi
dence of the rough handling sustained
during the voyage. In a heavy south
easter, encountered February 25, it was
found necessary to throw overboard
about 00,000 feet of lumber. Two lower
topsails and some of the rigging were
carried away on *>larch 6 and the. hull
Ht rained to such an extent that when the
ves»«i reached port she was leaking like
a sieve and floating, only by thQ grace of
the lumber in her nold.
Tidal "Wave Arrives Leaking.
In a dispatch sent from Oakland and
published in The Call of March 8 occurs
an amusing error, which has imprisoned
on paper ex-United States Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Samuel Knight for con
tempt of court In the Nome mining cases.
The article mentions the arrival of Spe
cial Examiner C. A. S, Front at the Oak
land jail to servo one year's Imprison
ment for contempt and Bends Knight to
the San Franctsco County Jail, for six
months,
Tne writer Intended to pay that ex-Dia.
trlet Attorney Joseph K, Wood of Alaska
find not, Mr. Knight was Nerving % six
months' nentenca Jn th« San Praneliwa
Jail. ThQ Joke of tha mliitake ii* that Mr,
K night wiih largely IntUrumGntal in send'
ing both tha gentlemen to jail, he having
appeared with eeunpel far the proHecu*
tffln and on behalf ef the rnlnern whom
the Nome judicial ring attempted to rob.
fice in Spite of Corre
spondents.
He Is Still. Doing Business in His Of-
SAMTJEIi KNIGHT DENIES
THAT HE* IS IN JAIL
The British tramp steamship 'Wil
lowdene, which left here some time ago
for Fiji with 600 mules aboard, has ar
rived at her destination. She reached
Fiji, February 22, had favorable weather
throughout the trip and . lost only five
mules. There was some . difference of
opinion as to the seaworthiness of the
Willowdene before she sailed. Her cap
tain refused to take her out and the
worry following the transformation of his
vessel Into a floating barn drove him In
sane. From Fiji the Willowdene will pro
ceed to Sydney. In view of the success
of her mule-carrying experiment, she will
probably come here from Australia and
ship another load.
Willowdene at Fiji.
Sailed March 11 — Stmr Umatilla. for Seattle;
Br itmr ' Oceano. for Seattle; stmr Asuncion,
for San Francisco; Br ship Kensington, foi
Queenatown.
'EUREKA— Arrived March ll-,Schr Mary
Buhne. hence March 1.
Arrived March 11 — Schr Mabel Gray, hence
March 7. , . .
> Sailed. March 11 — Stmr Arctic, for San Fran
cisco. '¦¦-.'¦ ¦ . - . . : _ . .
TACOMA— Arrived ¦ March 11— Stmr Uma
tllla, hfnee March ,7." . i ¦
Sailed March 11— Strr.r Mackinaw, for San
Francluco; Br «tmr Oceano, for .
Arrived March 11 — Br shin Bann. from
Junin: ittnr .Umatilla, hence March 7.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, March 11. 10 p m — Weather
hazy; wind N"W, velocity 16 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Jan 14, lat 32 17 8, Ion 127 45 \V — Br ship
Chas Cotcsworth, from Fraxer River, for Liv
erpool.
Jan 10, lat 6 S, Ion SI TV — Br ship Gen Rob
erta, trcm Rotterdam, for Port Townsend. -
March 4. lat 4.1 N; Ion 7 W— Br ship Uala
son, bence Dec 1, for Liverpool.
Jan 2C, lat 26 N. Ion 34 W— Ship Astral,
hence Nov 10, for New York.
Keb 0, lat 3 43 N. Ion 118 59 W— Ship Ken
llworth. from Taconia, foi- United Klngdam.
Jan 14. lat 32 17 S. Ion 127 45 W— Qer bark
Henrietta, from Oreson, for United Kingdom.
TUMday, March 11.
Ptmr Alltee, Trunk. TacOm*.
Htinr Rnmnn, MadMfl, CaaoaP.
Ntmr BatttA Cum. NlooUon, Ban Pedro.
RtttiF Itlpny, LelAnd. Pnntn CriI8.
Htiur Newsboy, Johnson, Eureka. ,
\ Htnir Redwood City, Ilnmen, Caspar.
IT 8 atmr Albatroiis, Thonins. Honolulu.
Whaling bark Andrew Hicks, William*,
whaling voyage. .
ftchr Lucy, Peterson, TJmpqua.
FVlir Lenn Bweasoy, Hutman, Matatlan.
Bchr Coqullle, Anderson, Coqullla River.
Schr Alta, San Pedro.
BAiLttD,
Tuesday, Mareh II,
Stmr Tyente, oilleaola, fonts inlet; Alarta
Halnuin Alan,
Mtmr City ot Pusbln, J«p*«n, Victoria »n<l
Pert Tnwpbunit; < inri.it u, Perkins A Ge,
Himr Itata of falifoniu, Thomas, Ian
HUbo; Ont.iUII, t'-rWtn* *¦ Co.
tutitr Aatap, Trask, Taeemas Paetfls Mall
MMrtti wM;i «'it.
Whaling Mmr Jeanatte, Ktwth. whalinc
I'HIIsrtj Until, Mlillrt A I'll,
fir ihlB Hyderabad, ieett, Qutinitewn: 6 \v
Hehr Lena 8we&»»y, tiutnmti, Masatlan; Wm
OillDi
eLEAnEP.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, March 11. -
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from' Monte
rey, etc.
Rtmr Pomona, Shea, '17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr' Columbia. Doran, 50 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr Newsboy, Johnson, 62 ! hours from
Santa Catalina Island.
Stmr Scotia, Walvlg, 11 hours from Bowens
Landlns. .
Stmr Signal, Bendegaard. 62 hours from San
Pedro. ,
Stmr Meteor. Jenaen, 116 hours from Ta
coma.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 54 hours from Be
dondo.
Oktn Tropic Bird, Jackson, 40 days from
Tahiti,
flchr Glen, Nelson, 10 days from Coos Bay.
Hnhr Jennie Wand, Christ.-nsen, ft days from
C.'fiua Gay,
Hrhr Kurcka, 4S hours from Rureka,
Peiir Una, Harkins, o 4ay« from Cooa Bay,
Shipping Intelligence.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office. TJ. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
March 11. 1902.-.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day.
I. e., at noon of the 120th merdlan, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLET.
Lieutenant. TJ. S. N.. In charge.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the tame at both places.
WEDNESDAY. MARCH 12.
Sun rises 6:25
Sun sets 6:14
Moon sets 0:23 p. m.
O Time . Time Time ITimel
o. Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
? H W . L W H W |L W|
12~ 0:47 ~6~2 6:55 0.8 1:28 4.8 7:05 1.8
13 1:22 6.2 7:48 0.7 2:28 4.5 7:49 2.U
14 2:01 5.2 8:46 0.6 3:36 4.2 8:40 2.«
15 2:50 5.1 9:52 0.0 4:55 4.1 9:42 2.8
16 3:47 6.0 11:05 0.4 6:17 4.110:56 3.0
17 4:5$ 5.012:15 0.3 7:28 4.3
L W H W L W - H W
IS 0:16 3.0 0:16 4.9 1:171 0.2 8:25 4.5
' NOTE — In the above exposition of the tide*
the early moraine tides are given In the . left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
rometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. /
A Cargo for Mexico.
. TJie. schooner, Lena Sweasey was cleared yes
terday for Mazatlan with a general merchan
dise cargo valued at $15,742, to- be landed at
San Bias, Altata and the port of destination.
The cargo Included the following: 157,057 ft
lumber, 20,000 laths, 1792 bdls shooks, SOO cs
blasting powder, 35 cs fuse, 3 cs caps, 650 cs
cartridges, 60 gals wine, 2 bbls lamps. 4 pkgs
bicycles and fittings. 2 csks bottled beer, 1 cs
drugs. 2 pkgs groceries.'
Several brokers who came to make en
try of goods recently shipped from the
Philippines were very much disappointed
when they applied at the Custom-house
yesterday to llnd-that they would have
to r>ay the duties. The Supreme Court of
the United States decided a few months
ago that the Philippines were United
States territory and that duties could not
be collected on goods arriving from that
country until Congress should enact the
necessary legislation. The recommenda
tion of the Supreme Court has been com
plied with by Congress and henceforth
cigars and other valuable and extensive
products of the islands will be required
to pay 75 per cent of the rate imposed by
the Dingley tariff bill.
"Require and assess Dingley rates on
all goods except articles of growth or
product of the archipelago, on which col
lect 75 per cent of Dingley rate, less ex
port duty or tax collected on shipment.
Hold duties as separate fund to be paid
into Philippine treasury. Accept draw
back entries. Allow withdrawal for ex
portation of goods from bonded ware
house and from bonded manufacturing
warehouse." . • <
The new Philippine tariff bill went into
effect March 8, but Customs Inspector
Stratton was not officially advised of, that
fact until yesterday, when he received a
dispatch from Washington signed by O.
I/. Spaulding, Assistant Treasurer, read
ing as follows: » •
Coining From Our New
Possessions.
Duties to Be Collected on All Goods
THILIPPIirE TARIFF
GOES INTO EFFECT
.The British ship Hyderabad was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders with 80,532
ctls wheat, valued at $90,000. and 25,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $410.
A Wheat Cargo.
Fortunately, the Transit people were
keeping a sharp lookout, and Captain Cor
velll soon had his signal bells ringing out
a warning tune. The signals were prompt
ly obeyed, and the Transit slipped by
across the Albatross' bow. As the.Tran
sit's stern sheered round it came in con
tact with the boom of the Government
vessel. Several windows were ripped out
of the car transport and the side of her
house was stove in. - The Transit then
swung clear and continued her trip. The
Albatross lost a couple of head stays.
The accident occurred about 5:30 a. m.,
when the fog was at its densest. The Al
batross was anchored off Folsom street.
Her white hull so blended with the mist
as to render her almost Invisible a boat's
length away. The stillness was suddenly
broken by the churning of paddle wheels,
and before the lookout on the Albatross
could even sing out a warning the Tran
sit loomed up in the fog on the port side
and heading directly for the Government
vessel.
&~^ HE Southern Pacific car transport
I Transit collided yesterday morn
1 ing with the United States Fish
j| Commission steamship Albatross
and narrowly' escaped putting the
latter out of commission. As it turned
out, most of the damage was sustained
by the Transit. The Albatross was able
to go to sea shortly after noon, accord
ing to programme.
.The French bark Ernest Legouve, reported
chartered for wheat to Europe at 30s, missed
her canceling date and Is free.
The French bark Admiral Troude. now on
the way from Nagratiakl to this port, will go
to New Caledonia under charter thence to Eu
rope.
ALBATROSS NARROWLY ESCAPES DESTRUCTION DURING A DENSE FOG
COOS BAY— Sailed March 11— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived March 11— Schr Fanny
Dutanl. from Port Blakeler.
ABERDEEN — Arrived March 11— Stmr Mel
vill» Dollar, hence March 7.
POINT LO BOS— Passed March 11, 2 n m—
Stmr San Mateo, from Port Los Anseles tor
Naralmo.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 11. 6 a m— Stmr
Pleiades, for San Francisco.
SaMed March It — Stmr Tamoico, for Hono
lulu: Jan stmr Shinano Maru. for Honarkonsr.
. NEAH HAY — Pa«tsed out March 11— Stmr
Mackinaw, for San Francisco: ship S D Carle
ton, for Honolulu; schr Ludlow, for San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed March 11— Schr Dor*
Rluhm. for Umrqua.
ASTORIA — Arrived March 11— Stmr Geo W
Kltlrr, hence March 9: stmr Alliance. henc«
March 6: ship C F Sargent, hence March 4.
Sailed March 11— Stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cifce: Mmr La km*, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed March 11— Bkta
James Johnson, from Chemainus. for Sydney.
SOUTH BEND — Sailed March It— Schr Web
foot, for San Francisco: stmr Rival, for San
Francisco.
REDONDO — Arrived March 11 — Stmr Ruth,
from Eureka.
NEWCASTLE, Au»— Sailed Feb 3— Br ship
Corunna. for San Franctsco.
TSINTAU— Sailed Feb 22— Ger «tmr Tfceo
dore Wllle, for .
KOBE — Arrived March S — Br stmr Kalso-wr,
from. Liverpool. . .
VANCOUVER— Sailed March 11— Br atmr
Tartar, for Honekong.
ACAPULCO— Sailed March 10— Ship Jame«
Nesmlth, for San Francisco.
TENKRIFFE— Sailed Feb 20— Ger stmr Sera
pis, for San Francisco.
MELBOURNE — Palled March 11 — Ship
Henry Villard. for Newcastle.. Aus.
CORONEL— Arrived March 10— Stmr Call'
fornian. from New York, to sail March 12 for
San Francisco Arrived March 10 — Stmr Ha
waiian, from Honolulu and San Francisco, to.
sail March 13 for St Lucia and New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 11— Br «mi'
Gaelic, for San Francisco.
VICTORIA — Sailed March 11 — Stmr Queen
City and stmr Amur, for Alaska.
Arrived March 11— Br stmr Wyefleld, from
Port Los Ane-les.
GRIMSBY— Arrived March &->Fr bark Mare
chal de Turenne. hence Nov 3.
HONGKONG — Sailed March 7— Br stmr Pins
Suey, for London. ¦ • ¦ • • . •
RANGOON — Sailed March S — -fir itmr.
Oorack. for London.
VICTORIA— Sailed March 11— Br stmr Wye
fleld. for Comox. /
Arrived March 11 — Jap stmr Tosa Maru.
from Yokohama.
Sailed March It — Br itmr Tartar and Jap
stmr SMnano Maru. for Yokohama.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed March
8 — Ger stmr Hermonthia, for San Bentto.
FIJI — Arrived Feb 32— Br stmr Willowdene,
hsnee Jan 28.
VANCOUVER— To sal! March 12— Dutch
stmr Folmtna. for Nanaimo, to load for 8aa
Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
QUEEN8TOWV— Arrived March 11— Stmr
Oeeanle, from N«w York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded,
NEW YOJIK - Hailed March U—8tmp
DeutscMland, for Mamhurg; stmr Ovle, (or
Liverpool,
QLASOOW— Arrlvtd March U— fltmr K<»*,
rtan, rmri Reatnn.
MOVILLE— Arrived Mar*!* U=W!tiTir Antoru,
from New Yark, for OUs*tiW:
nOl?I < f)ONE=Arrlvert MureH u=-*Hmr Hot*
tsF.-um, ft. m New York, far Rotterdam.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDLAKDS. March " 1L— The Chicago
Symphony Orchestra, under the auspices
of the Spinnet Club Ladies, a musical or
ganization of Rcdlands, gave a concert
last night. While the orchestra was pack
ing Hs belongings after the performance
Constable Koehler appeared behind the
scenes with attachment papers issued by
Justice Tlsdale for a claim of $165. The
papers were taken out by F. C. O'Kelley.
t-ecretary for Frank A. Miller, manager
of the Loring Opera-house in Riverside.
The company agreed to show. there on
Saturday night, but failed to fill the bill
after Manager Miller had extensively ad
vertised the attraction.
When Koehler presented his legal docu
ments and proceeded to take possession
of everything in sight belonging to the
musicians, they objected and tried 10
force him from the stage. Koehler drew
a revolver and, leveling it at the angered
musicians, caused them to stand back.
After considerable confusion the papem
were served on the manager and un at
tachment was placed upon a box of sheet
muelc valued at ttiOO. This delayed the
rompany's start for Arizona on a epenai
train that awaited It at th© Southern I a
cino depot.
C. w. I J endleton. attorney for the or
rhestra, was hf-re from Los Angeles, n«
evidently having anticipated the trouble.
3n order to relrase the nerded « n " (!| f i'* 1 '
with A. O. Clerk of th* Mouthern Califor
nia Hospital for the inmine. stffncd re
leat* bond* to th» amount of |fii*> fur th«
jisyment of any jludsmrnt that ml*ht l»o
rendered ncnlnut the company.
Judge Cook did not sign the death war
rant yesterday for the execution of Chew
Lan Ong. who pleaded guilty to murder.
The prisoner's attorney. H. H. McCioskey,
has intimated his intention of applying
for a writ of prohibition. The warrant
will be signed this morning, fixing June
b as the date of execution.
Attorney McCioskey says he will take
exception to the Judge's action, and bring
the matter before the Supreme Court. He
will raise the point, that section 190 of the
Penal Code, whlcfi purports to give tho
Judge the same powers as a Jury when a
defendant pleads guilty is unconstitu
tional as it deprives the defendant of
hla right to be tried by a Jury of his
The construction of this section of the
Penal Code has been afllrrmd by the
Bupreme Court of this State. A similar
section In the Penal Code of Dakota Ter
ritory was also amrmed by the Supreme
Court there, and It was further held tnat
when a defendant pleaded guilty to mur
der the penalty should be death. 1
A novel point also to be raised by Me-
Clobkey is that in the death warrant no
one Is given authority to execute a de
fendant and that for years back all de
fendants have been illegally executed.
Under the old law the Sheriff was directed
in see that the warrant wus executed, but
n riinn l;'27 was amended to read as fol
lows: " •
"When Judgment of death is rendered
a warrant signed by the Judge and m
tested by the cl«*rk under the Mini nf
the court must be drawn nnd delivered
to the Sheriff. It must state the convic
tion nnd Judgment and appoint a day on
which tin- Judgment Is to bo executed,
which must not be less than sixty days,
nor more than ninety dnys from th* tlma
of Judgment, and must direct the Hherlff
to deliver the defendant within ten days
from the time of judgment to the Warden
of one of tho State prisons of this Btitte
for execution, such prison to be designat
ed In the warrant."
McCloskey claims that if power Is given
in this section to. any ono to carry the
warrant Into effect it in to the Warden
of the Btate's prison, who In tmt an officer
of the court like the Sheriff, but an em*
ploye of the prison directors, and there
fore without lrgal authority.
TRAVEL FIIOM VANCOUVER
TO GET MARRIED HERE
Disappointment Awaits Couple, as
Intended Bride Is Ineligible
Under Our State Law.
Alexander Anderson «nd Mrs. Laura,
M. Welch traveled all the way from Van
couver, Wash., to be married In this
city, only to learn that the ceremony
could not be performed in California, be
cause under the laws Mrs. Welch Is
ineligible. The couple applied to "Cupid"
Danforth yesterday for a marriage II
cense, and in replying to the usual queries
propounded it developed that Mrs. Welch
had bren divorced from her husband Just
lour weeks ago.
Danforth informed the couple that it
would be necessary to reside one year in
this State before Mrs. Wolch would be
legally entitled to marry. Mrs. Welch ap
peared surprised, as she was under the
Impression that there was no law In
California forbidding the immediate mar
riage of a divorced person. She said that
the law in Washington prohibited such
marriages within six months after the
signing of the decree. In order to escape
That condition the couple had come here,
but. as it proved, under a misapprehen
sion.
"You will have to go to Reno, Xev.,"
raid Danforth, "If you want to marry
right away."
"Well, that's exactly what we will do."
replied Anderson. "We have traveled 633
miles from Vancouver, and I guess the
extra 244. miles to Reno will not hurt us."
The disappointed couple then left the
office with the intention of purchasing
tickets on the evening overland for Reno.
Thev were accompanied by a one-year-old
tmbr, Mrs. Welch's child by her divorced
husband. • .
ALEXANDER IS CONVICTED
ON CHARGE OF SMUGGLING
His Counsel Attacks the Indictment.
and Judge de Haven. Rules
Against Him.
Joseph Alexander was convicted yester
day by a Jury In the United States Dis
trict Court of having received smuggled
goods. Bert Schlesinger. who represented
the defendant, moved to dismiss the case
on the- ground that section 30S2, under
which the indictment had been drawn, ap
plied only to goods whose importation
was prohibited by law and not to goods
that were smuggled. Judge de Haven, In
denying the motion to dismiss, said: - > '
"On the question presented to me for
Instruction that the facts proved do not
bring the case within section 3082, United
States Revised Statutes, there seems to
be a conflict of authority. Many cases
are held to be in accordance with the co.i
tention of the defendant, but I am in
clined to believe that the better reason-
Ing is to be found in those cases which
hold to the contrary."
Alexander was ordered to appear for
sentence this morning at 11 o'clock.
George Alexander, brother of the prisoner,
will come up for trial at that time. Jo
seph Alexander was found in possession
of a quantity of silk caps that had been
smuggled.
Whether Ohnimus is in contemDt for
refusing to give the name of his inform
ant Is a question that will be considered
during the week.
Over an hour was spent by the grand
jurors in discussing the situation, not a
particle of evidence being produced in sup
port of the published charges. While
many were in favor of dropping the mat
ter, the majority decided to take it up
again next Tuesday, when a number of
police officers and the reporter who is sup
posed to have written the article in ques
tion will be called.
"I thought they might cite me for con
tempt." said Ohnimus after leaving the
Jury-room, but I had a dozen or more
sections of the code to support my re
fusal."
Commissioner Ohnlmua was tho lnst wit
n<?M. It was KxiHTirMi tiiui Ohnimus
would I'i'vi'iil tho niiiin' of IiIh informant,
bvit ii>» dalmed the right uiulor the 1'ulltl
<itl 1 'inin to withhold iitiy information of
that character. Several of ¦ th" ununi
jurors thought otherwlte, but Ohnimuii
Mild ho had plenty ot Authorities to sup*
port his contention. He said in renponno
to h number of uuestiong:
"Tho law provides that where 0110 pub-
Ho ofnclnl receives information from mi
nt her public ofticln.1 regarding unythltifr
that Mifrctn tin- lnteretitH of tho people ur
In for the public -Rood it 1* his duty to
keep the same to himself, or use It bm he
deems best for the public good."
This rather staggered the grand jurors
and Ohnimus was dropped.
Chief of Police Wittman was next put
on the stand. Ills examination was a lit
tle more lengthy than that of the Mayor,
but elicited nothing of importance. He
was closely questioned by Juror Wood
ward and said that the first Intimation
he had of the alleged existence of a fund
was derived from a morning paper.
"I aaked sumo ot my men, upon whose
word I can rely, if there was any attempt
being made to ralue money in the depart*
mem," Bald Wittman, "and one and all
nni«i 'no,' I waited to hear from the
Mayor, but h« did not communicate with
me. 'i in 11 1 waited for the (irand Jury, 1
am now prepared to tell you gentlemen
thorn Ih nothing in the story."
Chief I'Jxiunliif r Moron and Commission*
1 is Murdock and McCarthy were next
called mill questtonud. None of them
knew anything about the matter And (ill
KhKmi for IIkIi 1 upon th« subject. Lena
than nftoen mlnutm worn consumed In
tho cxumlnutloii of the three.
Shortly after the Grand Jury assembled
Mayor Schmitz was called as the nrst wit 7
ness. He was detained just three min
utes. Ho said the rumor of the existence
of a corruption fund had reached him and
that he had caused an Investigation to be
made. He could not, however, tind any
thing to substantiate tho rumor. ¦
Civil Service Commissioner Ohnimus de
clined yesterday afternoon to give the
Grand Jury the name of the police officer
who he claims informed him that a cor
ruption fund of i6000 was being raised in
the Police Department for the purpose of
influencing the Civil Service Commission
ers in the matter of promotions of patrol
men.
Novel Points Are Raised as to
the Proper Mode of
Procedure.
Flashes a Revolver Behind the
Scenes to Repel Angry
Members.
Attempt to Probe Police De
partment Scandal Is
Frustrated.
His Attorney Will Take
the Case Before the
Supreme Court.
Constable Attaches Chi
cago Symphony Or
chestra's Music.
Refuses to Give Grand
Jury the Name of
\ His Informant.
OHNIMUS TAKES
PECULIAR STAND
TRYING TO SAVE
MURDERER CHEW
STORV GORES.
AFTER MELODY
TtLE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902. \
5
ADVIiHTiaKMUNTS.
SENT FRELTO MEN!
A Most Romnrknblo nomody Thvt
Quickly Restore! Lost Vigor
to Mod.
A Froo Trial Packacre Son*, by Mall
to All Who Wrlto.
Free trial packages of a most remark-
able remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had battUU
for years against the mental and physical
Bufferine of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
pnckanea to all who write. It Is a homu
treatment, and all men who suffer from
anv form of sexual weakness resulting
liom youthful folly, premature loss oC
strength and menory. weak back, varlcc-
rcle or emaciation of parts can now* curs
themselves at home.
The remedy haa a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development Just where It fs needed.
It cures all the Ills and troubles thut
come from years of misuse of the natural -
functions and 'has been an absolute suc-
cess In all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, £S Elektron buildlnc
Fort Wayne, Ind., stating: that you deaha
one of their free trial packages, will ba
compiled with promptly. The Institute U
desirous of reaching that great class ot
r.itn who are unable to leave home to be
treated, and the free samples will enabln
? nem to see how easy It Is to be cured of
sexual weakness when the proper reme-
dies are employed. The Instltate makes
no restrictions. Any man who writes will
be sent a free sample, carefully sealed in
a plain package, so that its recipient need
have no fear of embarrassment or pub-
licity. Readers are requested t» writ*
without delay.
THE! EMPOBIXJM. I . . | . v -THE EMPORIUM. | . THE EMP031IUM. | THE EMPOBIXJM.
|!Sslii?|EiE^^^i^li \22F* XT' , ."'¦ '¦ 14 *• Spcc5 " *** T *° Bdv are -"¦
*. beamifui Eas-er dresi of white and purple. Masses of cut jTifyf C*^^^TlAsALS Jfo/'&sZ' M M M &&>f style .Neck Ruffs, diiaty Flora Belle Cushion "g
»» flowers and baskets and jardinieres of growing plants occupy Wi{*0& gTB /3h ff * 7mStl JfI 7/ Jf J3 J Jflrfl -n xt- 1 1 - 1 « .' t< , f , U ; 1 »
$ every, available space The show .window,'- cases, shelves 1 *^\^##^4/4/6*###//g c^ Tops,- Nickcl-piat:d A*h Tuys, Men s Wool *
*f and f'nimters are overflowing with a bewildering array of bright- CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST- Jf gwir m«a^^—~~~~~^' "'" Hose, Novelty Vienna Sal'S, M«n*S and Boys' 3*
5?- ' hued Spring and Summer merchandise. Dj not, on anv - l l!jB ! Si i ™™'^^^^*^^ ,-,, , . , Tr , ~... XT . "2
$ aectiM. miss th.Exst,r,disblav,*nd Sal.< ¦ * "-^^S BaB "^AMER«CA-s GRANDEST STOR& Clothing, Wash Snks, Notons, etc. V> g
5 ; • -. ¦ —•— ; — — 1»
j Last Day of the \ Silk Remnant Sale To -Bay* Those Men's Suits J
Ribbon Salem A very large assortment of silk and velvet remnants in lengths ranging from SellJBHM Sit Si 0*50 2
J 4-inch Woven SilK Spot Ribtons.:/9 0 to 6 yards, among, which, will be found beautiful pieces, suitaKefor Are one - thc *f_. «
•f ?J^-inch Colored Satin and Taffeta Ribbons. .- <"•¦¦'• i • m : t- • • * r • . .*., , . Are one ot tftc dts..
J J/a ........ #9© shirt waists, skirt rufflngs, hat trimmings and fancy work, ,wil be placed on Cothin^ bargains %
* 5-inch^Wcven i Dotted Louisine Ribbons 23 O special sale Wednesday only at a' quarter oil UlS already reduced remnant ever offer: J by thc
g> 5-inch Taffeta Merveilleux Fancy Ribbons 33 C pricesi In this lot are plain and fancy colored Taffitas, Peau d; Soi;s, Lumiheux, Flannel Emporium. Not a f8^*a \
If - r~ — Taffetas, Armures, short lengths of all the popuhr black weav;s and many remnants of black tuit in th; lot worth _i\aK \
A Saedal Sale Of and co-oted velvet. ' : ¦ /, * less than $15.00 «
I Squares and Scarfs, ~ ~~~~~^Z tg%^ T^mh^ b SSSSfc A 3
X These two lines are worth fuly a third more da#e . °* ' .' OfC ttOSS LflCCS » sell at J20.00; they I \A «
JC than our special prce for Wednesday. A feature ofto-day's special selling will be the offering of 300 dcz.:n yards of are the balance of a / j|' |
tf Hemstitched Stimped White Carrbric Shams, ' Imitation Torchon Laces, all new and pretty pattern*, in widths ranging ieadinc N;w York /./ J.l L .J
K in new and very pretty desigrs, size 32x32 from 2 >< to 4^ inches, of xvhich tht regular selling prices sr; 7 i^c, 8 j4c ma- ufic turn's en- J -J o W J ' J
*. inches; Wednesday « special price, -»-- j ' i j r u' u i. • ttt j i • </ z .' /:> tir: stock, which \ X,— , <CiV II Jf
\\ ¦¦' per pair. ....... . . ! 39c and I oc per yard, and for wh 1C h the price, on Wednesday only, wi c]etn . d ' , ftw \ p J\M J5
! ti Stamped Linen Square-.—Spoke etitch,,. sire will be. .'. w. «*'«*' werk* ago a: 56c V^ jg'i vj
K". aaxsa inches, new and attractive des'gnsj — : — ; -— -^ on the do!!a*. The ' [A"/%i r 3*
$ ¦ tLSLX^^^o Sat fnti'rfp^oL% os Gu r* a > n ? 2Se Pa!r - sSis^tS : jti i
* _ — - — , aatin &*ripa Mfimiftosm , 5O p^ n o f Sa , h curtains, 1 yard long, 2 ,h, B . r»«; n -.n<. ':f\ 11 •>,;•«
I Peppers jndS^^^^:^^--J^ W^^0^M S ¦ ft I
I Sterling Sitver, 9Bc ?M^fM^M^kM |
5 200 very prcttv Staling Silver (925-1000 fine , width; • just the thing foV stylish outing fjl our .pedaule 1,2 or mXUliit // • S
V Pepper and S*lt Set. with,, i< ,poon, all of WedneX- per p \\r ? 25C W "« ed ?» X l^" «
R this style that the «Ive»mith had wai closed Wednesday only, instead of 20c H*%^ V«rv Fin* He.vl C*lil« Net I mCvZiU* ind Cwimerei; an< / I «
» €^IIIP#»ao A Perfect Shoe » tLT+S?.*?* IL^1 -*SW." f^* S
g whil-lmri to. fa »0O t LatUoa 9 2.B0. • • • ••• .$3.47 eo».' Thr« ; -n,e, Jflt.'-A.l-w~l n:,,. §
ft <ftQ*5lt flOCfcCfS £3'7B We have just opened • fullline ' '' ' Cheviorsj si-fle-brsaited coa-«} »i* « fir 9 to "„
We have marked, to cloje out on ofthe very best L»d;es'Shcej MBlSm Groceries WotfnSSllaym isy«r»;r°l * 5 .oo v*Vsi >, -% ff
» «r j j «/• \ Qi0K , ¦ thai c»n ba mide to ie)l at W / P# , t r r . nil |,.,H W.r ix lbi ; «f nn «« »P«W u't at il+SifiU *
J Wednesday, fi ( Jy : $s. S o rocker., thiiprIce , B «t>a% Vld l\A> \ £"'? T rl.n'i fildli w.dfiS'v * DouVf.Br«a»ted Suiti- Blue,, brown, *a -J
I. hand.poiuhed, golden oak, .addle Kid, In th. latwi .ha P « .nd W* # Enoeh^Mcrjin 1 S-pollo- Wtdneidav, 4 g4V m i, turM . ,!,., for j , o , 4 yflM , ths Z
J ictt p«ror rocker* In odd d«lgni| ityki for ip.ln« and mmmcr, V* I , Cxtrft standard 'TabV rru'lt-P.aehn, pern !2!i'| f «S*2i*'i hl " 1 M ir?P.^i? '!|
5 very comfomb'e and welt made, «t l0 , m ? wlth jf A or iprlcow, 3 tin SOo Bova' SiCr- <Sinu« VrMianJchSfl? S
t iheuconbhlnglx low price, eich.. jfi "'«,, £^/J ***?*« ™" X ™ **'*" C ™' Wd S}£ W.lwSB S
K JOo Piano Folios 36j>. '$£*«' <&U ¦ W^^^^^\ \
ft Wedncd.y only w, offer the choice ll'^. h.v.^.nt leather ,1 P ,, and ,omc BriSSSiJloi-^ dUbS^-^"^ W?d?.2 **T^W$ «f 7^ \
g ofiny 50c Puno Foio in our Muiic kid tlpij either the mill ary * n dr JJJ* n .»*£"" A t , ; *.!...,. tf! o on »P"'" »« VliSV S
Jf Department, «t ths very ipeclil lale or Cubtn heel iDJZiOU Vlc'.ory Muih— A''breik r ait'de!l|ht,' Wtdne- CqJafl C/i/ 7/1 f 9
I price, -I, 360 UquorTTdFWrtZosday. E* •*» ™^S^ ' "'*• I
S Easier Cards \ S^S^g^f?p^ Gas Mantles 33c. 3^,*£ 1
Jf onti Easter Booklets. Champion Whliky— That old reliable brand, We ie'l the celebrat;d trip!, wuva, doub'e win ' _.\ \\ A'// il *' l9 *' n<h Jf
5 The Magtiine and Periodical Seetion on Main Wednesday, ipecial per gallon, #1.40; fu I ¦ and cip Peerlest Oioexe Oji \faatle, wh ! ch Cfc^fc.j'T^ J&J "'¦* ' d " h wi h ""*
Floor, back of rotundi, Is now given over to quart bottles . 70o fitj the Weisbach or any other burner; 10 '_^V*w^y i'xrnil)4iihc* «2
Ji the display and sale of a very large assortment Gin — London Club and Primrose, imported gin, imple that any ch'ld. tan adjutt It; a gas tJ mire h| «
jf ofbetuti'ul Ea»t:r Cards and Bookleu— the Wednesday, bottle .•. ..'... . SOo mantle wh'ch doc* not bend from heat and Carlibal chir.a in pr-t'y colored designi with J|
av -pick of the Eastern publisher's production. Crown Cocktails — Manhattan, Vermouth, give* too candle power of light «— gold rdge; a splendid va!u* at |t. 13; wmjm -"
If Piice, each ic to 5i.oo. Whisky, Gin cr Martini, quarts . $1,0 O , for 35C on Wednesday only, complete set...' #4r* 3 sj
i Ean Francisco. 'Wednesday, 12 March, 1902. H
t Cat*. •¦*•• I /fa* "Ojfe^ V^l*. M
$3, $4, $5 Portieres I
arc to=day I
$2.35
O " O I
Our drapery department has arranged for to-day, Wcdncs- H
; day. a special sale of repp portieres that borders closely on the B
sensational. Portieres .1 yards long and 50 inches wide, in a |
variety of brip;ht t pleasing colors, which sell regularly at ¦
] ?3.oo. $4.00, $4.50 and $5.00 thc pair, will be offered to-day, B
5 and lo-day only, at the special price of $2.35 thc pair. £
f These portieres are odds and ends taken from our regular n
stock and we anticipate a speedy clearance. ','•''¦ ' D
Come this morning when the stock is at its best. The n
colors arc antique, reds, greens, browns, rose, blue and B
olive. \ H
I As is the rule with all our one-day specials, we will n6t ac- n
ctpt cither mail or telephone orders at the special figure — |j
your presence is necessary if you desire to take advantage of |
1 this offer. ' ' • ¦ „ H
O ¦ -O 8
(Successors (o California Furniture Co.) |
_, 957 !o 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue JGeneral W. H. L. Barnes presided at
the regular meeting of the Board of Re
gents of the State University held at
Hopkins Institute yesterday afternoon,
and on behalf of. the board welcomed the
newly appointed Regent, Charles S.
Wheeler, to membership in the body.
The committee which was appointed to
draft a fitting memorial in honor of the
late Professor Joseph Le Conte, who died
In the Tosemite Valley last year, report
ed. The memorial was an eloquent and
dignified tribute to tho character and
career of the great scientist, whose con
nection with the university shed so much
luster upon it. It was. read by General
Barnes, who was one ' of the committee
which framed it, and at the conclusion a
burst of applause broke from the staM
body whose sentiments it was intended
to express. The report of the commit
tee was adopted and the memorial or
dered spread' upon the records.
President "Wheeler . reported the ap
pointment of Emanuel B. Lama'r as as
sistant professor In French for five
months at a salary of $50 per month. This
was to fill the vacancy caused by the
resignation of . James Hopper, Ph.B., "OS.
who is to go. to the Philippines on nomi
nation of the university as a teacher of
English. J. D. Mortimer, assistant in
electrical engineering, discontinued his
work January 29, but no appointment was
recommended to fill the place.
President Wheeler announced that the
Charter day address would be delivered
by Dr. Bliss Perry, editor of the Atlantic
Monthly. The report of the finance com
mittee on the finances of the medical de
partment was accepted. _^
The committee on the Flood endowment
was authorized to grant a right of way
over certain marsh , lands in San Mateo
County to the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, and the Regents decided that none
of the Flood endowment property would
be leased for hotel purposes. It was or
dered that a "collection from fhe univer
sity museum should be sent to the St.
Louis Exposition.
On motion of Regent Budd the by-lawb
were amended, calling for monthly meet
ings of the board In lieu of bi-monthly as
heretofore. '. . •
The ; board held an executive session
lasting an 'hour, but nothing was given
out regarding what transpired.
HQTEIj DKL. CORONADO, choicest Wintei
Resort in the world, offers best living, climate
boating, bathing, fishing and most amuse
ments. E. S. Babcock, manager, Coronado, Cal,
The increase of divorces has been accompanied by
a decrease of the birth rate, in several of the older
States. The report says: "The slow growth or posi
tive decrease in the members' of Sunday-schools and
some other agencies of the churches has drawn at
tention to the low birth rate that prevails in some of
our States, especially in that class of. population
known as the native sleek. Some of our States show
a birth rate so much lower that of France,
where thesubject has become a matter of grave pub
lic concern, that it has been assigned as the chief; or,
leading cause for the decline of Sunday-schools and
of public schools in country towns, arid perhaps" of
other associations made up of the young."
Such are some of thc. : tendencies of the people -to
Comparatively few States collect statistics concern
ing marriage and divorce, and consequently the re
port does not deal with that phase of the subject in
anything like a comprehensive way. Such figures
as are given, however, arc suggestive. In Connects
cut, where at one time tne ratio of divorces to mar
riages was I to 9, it is now 1 to 15. In Rhode Island,
on the other hand, divorces are increasing and are
now in the ratio to marriages of 1 to 8. In Massa
chusetts the ratio is 1 to* 20, but it is increasing. In
New Jersey it is 1 to 50. Some of the Western States
are as bad as Rhode- Island. In Oklahoma the ratio
is 1 to 10.9; in Michigan 1 to 9.6; while Indiana has
the worst record of all with a ratio of x to 5.7.
While the trend of legislation is thus reported to
be favorable to the views of those who seek to
diminish the frequency of divorces, the secretary an
nounces that he is unable to report the adoption of
the proposed "uniform law of divorce procedure" by
a single State as yet. He attributes this to the fact
that the "Commissions on Uniformity" in the various
States are directing their attention mainly to bring
ing about the adoption of uniform statutes relating to
negotiable bills, and have not pressed the "divorce
procedure" bill.
FROM the annual report of the corresponding
secretary of the National League for the Protec
tion of the Family, it appears that during the
past. year there has been a decided increase of interest
in the work of the league and in the problems it has
undertaken to solve. Several of the "States have
changed their divorce laws by amending them in the
right direction. Referring to Florida, the report
says: "The acts of the last Legislature are not yet at
hand, but it is creditably reported^ that this State has
at the instance of a rich citizen made insanity a
ground for divorce, but not without vigorous pro
test. This is the only step backward in the year's
legislation."
BIRTH RATES AND DIVORCE.
Whatever the British may do,' however, Delarey's
victory counts as a 'mighty stride /toward the inde
pendence, of his country.; He has outmaneuvered his
foes, broken through the lines of their blockhouses,
met "them in battle and defeated them under condi
tions where the fighting was a fair test of the sol
dierly qualities of the two armies. Men who can
achieve- such victories need; not" despair ; of , their
country, -no matter, how great be the material odds
against'them. Those prophets, therefore,:who have
been counting on a speedy collapse of the war by
reason ; of Kitchener's dragnet ; will now have" k
chance to. meditate upon the folly of basing prophe
cies upon, reports that come from only one party to
the battle. '¦'¦¦ / . ,
In Great Britain itself it appears the- effect of the
blow has been staggering, but has not led to any
strengthening of the peace party, so far as present
reports indicate. Lord Rosebery, who has now as
sumed a large importance as a political leader after
his Jong retirement, has spoken for a vigorous prose
cution of the War. He is reported to have said: "It
will not dishearten .us. We have got to see this
thing through." The Tories of course will stand for
continuing the fight. It is their war and they can
not let 1 go. Sine/ therefore, the Liberals declare' in
favor ofia more vigorous prosecution of the contest,
it may be taken for granted that there is not much
prospect of peace; for a long time to come.,
The moral effect of the victory is sure to be im
mense. , For some time past it has been taken for
; granted that the s Boers have no chance of success
and that it is the duty of their leaders to make terms
to save a useless spilling of blood. Moved by that
belief public • sentiment has been, to a -large extent
adverse. to the Boers. It has been felt that their
continuance of the fight was nothing more than sav
agery carrying on a hopeless battle out of a mere
feeling of revenge or a delight in fighting. In the
light of the victory of Delarey .that sentiment"will
pass away. When a Boer force can take the aggres
sive in an attack upon a British column under one
of the foremost" of British generals and utterly" de
stroy it, there clearly remains for them a good fight
ing chance for victory and. independence.
BY the blow delivered at General Methuen's
column the Boers have effectively refuted
the reports that they are no longer able to
carry on anything more than a guerrilla struggle un
worthy of the name of war. They have routed a
column of 1200 men on the march to join another
force of 1300, have captured its guns and its com
manding officers, and 'have accomplished all this not
in a remote recess of the mountains by ambush, but
by attacking the British when upon the march and
at a place very near to the scene of the first hos
tilities of the war. It is clear, then, that the Boers
are not only operating in bodies large enough to be
spoken of as armies, but that the field of their oper
ations has hardly been restricted by all the block
houses and forts the British have erected.
DELAREY'S VICTORY.
K. Sunisto, managing editor of. the Japanese
Times, is reported to. have said that since the an
nouncement of the treaty between Japan and Great
Britain "all talk of Russia seizing a port in Korea
has ceased. Japan is taking quiet possession of the
peninsula, and Russia is losing prestige with the
Koreans." That is the Japanese side of the story,
but to-morrow there may be a report from Russia
that will tell another story.
While this report leaves several counties of the
valley unaccounted for, it seems hardly likely that
they will remain aloof from the general movement
of their neighbors. There is not a county in that
district, nor in all California, for that matter, which
cannot afford to make a large and even a costly ex
hibit and derive a profit from; it. The St. Louis ex
position is to be the largest ever held. The amount
of money already provided for it assures that • fact.
It is to come after a long series of years of prosper
ity throughout the world, and at a time when indus
trial and commercial competition are at the highest
intensity e\-er known. The progressive States of the
East hare already made provision for State exhibits.
The South will be there to show every inducement
she has to attract Northern migration. California
cannot afford in the face of such friendly but eager
rivalry to make a weak or partial presentation of her
industries and her resources. San Joaquin Valley
must do her share, and every county in it "should be
represented at its best' ; -:v'
In issuing the call the acting secretary states that
the idea of a distinctive exhibit has been indorsed by
the Valley Association, and a resolution adopted
providing for the appointment of a representative or
commissioner by the .Board of Supervisors and com
mercial organizations of each county in the valley,
but at the time of issuing the call he had been ad
vised of the appointment of representatives from but
two counties — San Joaquin and Fresno. The remain
ing six counties are urged to appoint their represen
tatives at once, so that they may.be present at the
meeting on Saturday. The secretary adds: "The
Supervisors of San Joaquin and Kern counties have
already voted funds for the exhibit. Fresno County
is certain to provide an exhibit. Tulare County will
almost surely take part."
Whether that plan of making an exhibit be the
best that can be devised must of course be left to the
determination of tho«e who are familiar^ with all the
facts in the case and know best what sort of exhibit
will be most liberally and extensively supported by
those from whom it must draw contributions and
supplies. The Call has no advice to offer upon that
phase of the question. Upon the importance of some
form of exhibit, however, there can be no difference
of opinion. That issue is not one which concerns
San Joaquin Valley alone. The whole State will suf
fer if any considerable section of. the State is laggard
or illiberal in making a display of its resources.
In the call for the convention it is stated that there
will be submitted for consideration a resolution adopt
ed by the San Joaquin County Commission on the
St. Louis exposition declaring: "That the San Joaquin'
County Commission favors a San Joaquin Valley ex
hibit at the St. Louis exposition, each county that
so elects to have a distinctive exhibit, the valley ex
hibit preferably to form a part of the State exhibit;
that the mountain counties adjacent to ihc San Joa
quin Valley be invited to join with the counties of the
valley in making the exhibit."
SAN JOAQUIN AND THE PAIR
ON Saturday next a meeting ol representatives
of the counties of San Joaquin Valley will
be held at Fresno to decide . whether the
valley is lo have a distinctive exhibit at the St. Louis
exposition. As the time before the opening of the
exposition is now short, it is imperative that some
plan of action be agreed upon without delay, for a
great deal of work will have to be dqne in raising
money to defray expenses and in getting together a
comprehensive display of the industries and the re
*r,,,rr,c nf «h, ,1i<trirt.
In sending hjs brother to visit us the Kaiser ap
pears to have intended to convey to us in a most
signal manner a manifestation of his good will. If
it has not had the same effect that a royal visit
would have had upon a European nation it is bc
cauie we have not felt nny great need for royal
recognition. Our friendship for Germany goes out
to the German nation and the German people, from
whose ranks we have derived so numerous and so
desirable an immigration. Most of our people have
"thought or cared very little about the Kaiser's
friendship. Still, it is pleasing to know that we have
it. His brother has proved himself a genial, whole
souled gentleman. He has borne the tiresome func
tions of ovations and banquets with signal courtesy
and graced He has said the right things in the righ't
way, and if we do not feel so profoundly impressed
with the honor conferred by his visit as some Euro
pean nations might have done, we can still lay claim
to the keenest appreciation of the Kaiser's good will
and the genuine manly qualities of Prince Henry
himself.
In Europe such visits have a high diplomatic sig
nificance. ... When the Czar visited France, for ex
ample, or when the Kaiser visited Great Britain, it
was recognized everywhere that something of inter
national importance had taken place. Men and na
tions began to speculate as to what the visit meant
and what would be its effects. There can be no ques
tion but what the Empcfors who made the visits
felt that they were conferring signal marks of favor
upon the nations visited. When the Czar showed
himself the friend of France and the Kaiser showed
himself the friend of Great Britain it was felt
throughout Europe that the matter was of great mo
ment. In fact, the pomp and splendor of the re
ceptions were counted as but trifles in comparison
with the mighty meaning of the visit itself.
The mission is, we believe, the first, of the kind
ever undertaken by royalty with respect to this coun
try. From first to last the Prince has been. with us
not as a representative -of Germany, but of the
Kaiser. He has not been accredited by the
German Government. He has had no diplomatic
business to attend to. He came neither on matters
of war nor of commerce. His visit has been one of
royalty solely. It has not, however, been like the
casual visiting of royalty, as when the young Prince
of Wales came to us just before the war, or as the
"Grand Duke Alexis came later. In those instances
royalty was with us unofficially, as it were, but this
time it has come with all its dignities for. the express
purpose of manifesting imperial friendship.
That statement was of course drawn out by the re
port-from Berlin to the effect that the Prince would
endeavor to obtain,- the consent of. the United States
to the establishment of a German naval station in
some part of the American hemisphere. His words
put an end to the rumor. He has come to this
country solely to promote a feeling of good will and
friendliness on our part by manifesting the friendli
ness, of the Kaiser. < :
tradict it"
PRINCE. HENRY in his farewell address at the
Union League Club in Philadelphia said:
"This is probably the last opportunity ~I will
have during my visit 'to the Unitecl-States to speak in
public, and I am not sorry that it should be so. What
I am going to communicate to you here I arn, saying
before the world. There has been absolutely.no se
cret object in view connected with" my. visit, to your
country. Should any of you read or hear anything to
the contrary I authorize you herewith to flatly con-
THE PRINCE AND^ HIS MISSION
FRANCHISE MAY
REVERT TO THE
MUNICIPALITY
PAY TRIBUTE
TO THE MEMORY
OF A SCIENTIST
The following la a copy of a letter addressed by John Paul
Jones to Mr. Joseph Hewes, a member of a Provisional Marine or
Naval Committee, appointed by the Continental Congress, in its
second session, May 10, 1775, t& consider. Inquire and report with
respect to the organization of a naval force. This committee was
made up as follows:
j ROBERT MORRIS, Chairman.
PHILIP LIVINGSTON,
BENJAMIN HARRISON,
JOHN HANCOCK,
JOSEPH, HEWES,
NICHOLAS VAN DYKE.
At a session held Juno 24th, 1770, this committee, on motion
of Mr. Hewes, authorized th« chairman to invite John Paul Jones,
Esquire, gent., of Virginia, Master Mariner, to lay before the com
mittee such Information and advloe a* may ac«m to him useful In
Aiifstlng the said committee to discharge Its duties.
On September 14th, 1770, John I'aul Jones addressed the com
mittee In the form of a lotter to Joseph Hewes on the personnel of
th« Navy. At the out««t he nald, personally, to Mr. Hew**: "I
choose this form of communication partly because I can write
with moro freedom In a personal Utter than In a formal document
and partly that you may havo opportunity to use your Judgment in
revision before Uyftng It before the honorable committee. TUaie,
hcrefore, u«e all, or any part, or none of it, as your Judgment
may Indicate."
i Mr, Hewos laid tha whole letter before the committee without
"As this I* to be the foundation— or I may say tho flr*t keel*
timber— of a new navy, which all patriots must hope shall become
among tho foremost In the world, it should be well begun in the
selection, of the. first list of officers. You will pardon me, I kno.w,
If I say that I have enjoypil much opportunity during my sra'ilfe
to observe the duties and responsibilities that are put upon naval
officers, . i.' .:• ¦;¦¦¦ .
, "It Is by no moan* enough that an officer of the Navy should
be a capable mariner. He must be that, of course, but also a
great deal more. He should be as well a gentleman of liberal edu
cation, refined manners, punctilious courtesy and the nicest sense
of personal 'honor.
"He should not only be able to express himself clearly and
with force' In his own language, both with tongue and pen, but ha
should also bs veriod in French and Spanish— for an American offi
cer particularly the former — for our relations with France must
necessarily soon become exceedingly close In view of the mutual
hostility of the two countries toward Great Britain.
"The naval officer should be familiar with the principles of
international law, and tho general practice of admiralty Jurispru
dence, because such knowledge may often, when cruising at a
distance from home, be necessary to protect his flag from Insult or
his crew from imposition or Injury In foreign ports.
"He should also be conversant with the usages of diplomacy
and capable of maintaining, if called upon, a dignified and Judi
cious d+plomatlc correspondence, because it often happens that
sudden emergencies In foreign waters make him the diplomatic as
well as the military representative of his country, and in «uch
cases he may have to act without opportunity of consulting his
civic or ministerial superiors at home, and such action may easily
Involve the portentous Issues of peace or war between great pow-
LETTER BY JOHN PAUL JONES.
SAN FRANCISCO, March 10, 1902.
Editor Call— Dear Sir: In the Examiner of Saturday, March '
8, appeared an article— headed ''Could Fight, but Could Not*
Dance"— on the subject of Gunner Hill of the navy and his qual
ifications for commissioned rank.
Leaving out of the question the merits of Mr. Hill, which
are doubtless all that the Examiner describes in glowing, not to
say fulsome praise,. the article is worthy of notice for one reason
only, because of its historical untruthfulness. Much has been
made of this and' the Morgan-Sampson incident, which has been
exploited by the Hearst newspapers to defame a conscientious and
patriotic officer and heap abuse upon the navy, which the Ex
aminer and other papers of its stripe accuse of favoring aristoc
racy and being a close corporation, determined to freeze out true
merits
The Examlner » ln Its anxiety to make a case against the
"star-chamber war lords," has forgotten to mention that Gunners
Francis Martin and Henry B. Soule, neither of whom could dance
or play "ping-pong" (whatever that may be), were commissioned
ensigns from warrant officers July 30, 1901. and have been ad
mitted Into the inner circle of "carpet knights and pink teas."
Both of these deserving officers Dassed the required examination
before a board of Annapolis "aristocrats."
The officers of the navy can afford to Ignore these yelping
attacks — these falsehoods deliberately uttered by a newspaper
which knows better— for the integrity of the navy, almost the
entire fighting personnel of which is made from Annapolis grad
uates—is beyond dispute, but the Examiner creature indulges in
such glaring and palpable Inaccuracies from an historical stand
point that I am tempted to renly. -~
The author of the Examiner's sarcastic defense of Gunner Hill
is singularly unhappy l n his comparisons when he Invokes the
spirit, of John, Paul Jones to champion his hero; neither Is ho
correct in his statement that Captain Chadwlck commanded the
Maine. Perhaps the Examiner meant the Rev. Father Chldwlck.
who was the Maine's chaplain. History Is taught at the naval
academy as well a 3 dancing — both are useful accomplishments to
gentlemen as well as naval officers. Paul Jones, as is well known,
notwithstanding his bumble origin, was essentially an aristocrat
by nature, if not. by birth. He was not only the founder of the
American navy and a master mariner, but a polished courtier of
the most aristocratic court of Europe, that of Louis XVI and
Marie Antoinette, a chevalier of France 'and vice admiral of an
empire, as well as a "fisher boy." the son of a poor gardener.
Herewith I venture to inclose a copy of a letter written by
him— seventy years before the naval academy of whose aristocratic
doctrines the Examiner so bitterly complains was founded— to'
the Marine Committee of the First Continental Congress, second
session, in relation to the formation of a personnel for the pro
posed naval force with which the colonies hoped t£ achieve their
Independence and upon which subject he was invited to express
his views. This, it must be remembered, was at a time when
good seamen and good gunners were more In demand than gentle
s men. Are we wrong now in being guided by the advice of this
peerless sailor while his matchless genius Is held up to us as an.
example for emulation?
As a graduate of Annapolis, who can dance, I may be classed
as one of the "gold-laced aristocracy," but may I not also claim
to be what the Examinees representative apparently is not?
\ . A STUDENT OF HISTORY.
One bottle of Burnett' e Vanilla Extract is
better than three of doubtful kind. Though cost
ing a few cents more per bottle, it* purity and
great strength make It most economical brand.
era. These are the general qualifications, and the nearer the offl
cer approaches the full possession of them the more likely he will
be to serve his country well and win fame and honor for himself.
"Coming now to view the naval officer aboard ship and In re
lation to those under his command, he should be the soul of tact,
patience. Justice, firmness and charity. No meritorious act of a
subordinate should escape his attention or be left to pass without
Its' reward. If even the reward be only one word of approval. Con
versely, be should not be blind to a single fault in any, subordinate,
trough' at the. same time he should be quick and unfailing , to
distinguish error from malice, thoughtlessness from Incompetency,
and well-meant shortcoming from heedless or stupid blunder. As
he should be universal and Impartial In his rewards and approval
of merit, so should he be Judicial and unbending In his punishment
or reproof of misconduct.
"In his Intercourse with subordinates he should ever maintain
the attitude of the commander, but that need by no means prevent
him from the amenities of cordiality or the cultivation of good
cheer within proper limits. Every commanding officer should
hold with his subordinates such relations as will make them con
stantly anxious to receive invitation to sit at his mess table, and
his bearing toward them should be such as to encourage them to
express their opinions to him with freedom and to ask his vlewi
without reserve. «^ i .
"It Is always for the best Interest of the service that a cordi*!
interchange of senti ments and clvUitles should subsist between *
superior and subordinate officers aboard ship. Therefore it is tha^
worst' of policy in superiors to behave toward their subordinates^
with indiscriminate, hauteur, as if the latter were of a lower
species. Men of' liberal minds, themselves accustomed to com
mand, can nT bTOok thus being set at naught by others who. from
temporary authority, may claim a monopoly of pawer and sense
for the time being. If such men experience rude, ungentle treat "
ment from their superiors, it will create such heart-burnings and
resentments as are nowise consonant with that cheerful ardour And
ambitious spirit that ought ever to be characteristic of officers of
all grades In one word, every commander should keep constant
ly before him the great truth, that to be well obeyed he must be
perfectly esteemed.
"But it is not alone with subordinate officers that a commander
has to deal. Behind them, and the foundation of all. Is the crew.
To his men the commanding officer should be a Prophet. Priest
and King. His authority when off shore being necessarily abso
lute, the crew should be as one man > impressed that the Captain,
like the Sovereign, 'can do no wrong.'
"This is the most delicate of all the commanding officer**
obligations. No rule can be set for meeting it. It must ever be a
question of tact and perception of human nature on the
spot and to suit the occasion. If an officer falls in this, he can
not make up for such failure by Severity, austerity or cruelty.
Use force and apply restraint or punishment as he -may. he wtu
always have a sullen crew and an unhappy ship. But force
must be used sometimes for the ends of discipline. On such
occasions the quality of the commander will be most sorely tried.
You and the other members of the Honorable Committee will.
I am sure, pardon me for speaking with some feeling on this
pqlnt. It Is known to you and. I presume, to the other sea"*
men. your colleagues, that, only a few years ago, I was called
upon in a desperate emergency and as a last resort to preserve
the discipline requisite for the salvation of my ship and my
fever-stricken crew, to put to death with my own hands a re
fractory and wholly incorrigible sailor. I stood Jury trial for it
and was honorably acquitted. My acquittal was due- wholly to
the Impression made upon the minds of the Jury by the testi
mony of my crew. • • • I do not reproach myself. But It
is a case to Ulu»trate the truth of what I have already said,
namely, that the commander should always impress his crew with
the belief that whatever he doea or may have to do is right,
and that, like the Sovereign, he 'can do no wrong.'
"When a commander has. by tact, patience. Justice and f>m
ntM, each exercUcd In Ita proper turn, produced such an tmpres
elon on those under his order* In a ship of war, he ha» only to
await the appearance of the eneroy'a topaalla upon th« horizon.
He can never tell when that moment may come. , But whtn it
doea come ha may b* sure or victory over an equal or somewhat
superior foree, or honorable defeat by one greatly superior. Or In
rare ctMi, sometime* Justifiable, h* m*y challenge the devotion
of his follower* to link with htm akmgatde the more powerful fo«,
and all go down together with the unntrtcken flag of their country
•tilt waving defiantly over them In their ocean •epulchro.
"No ouch achievement* are poMlble to an unhappy tbip with
a mill-n crew.
"All the** const deration* pertain to the naval officer afloat.
nut pert, and oftan an Important part,' of hie car*<tr muat be In
port or on duty ashore. Hrre h« must be of affabta temper and
a master of civilities II* muat m#et and mis with hi* Inferior*
of rank tn aoelety ashore, and on aueh occailon* ho mutt have
tact to b* eaay and graetou* with them, particularly when ladlea
are present, at the aame tlm« without the leant air of patronage.
or affected condescension, though constantly preserving the dis
tinction of rank.
"it may not be pos*lble to always r«alizn theim ld«a* to the
full, but they should form th« standard, and auctions ought to
be mad* with a view to their cloaeat approximation.
"In old established navies, like, for example, thoae of Drltatn
nnl France, generation* are bred and specially educated to tho
dutlta and responsibilities of officers. In land forces gmnrals may
and J sotnetfmea do rise from the rank*. But I have not yet heard
of an admiral coming aft from a forecastle.'
"Even in tho merchant service, master mariner* aimoat In
variably start a* cabin apprentice*. In all my wide ai qualntanca
with the merchant aervlce I can now think of but three competent
matter mariner* who made their first appearance on board ship
'through the hawse-hole,' aa the saying Is.
"A navy Is essentially and necessarily aristocratic. True ae
may be the political principles for which we are now contending.
they can never be practically applied or even admitted on board
¦hip, out of port or off sounding*. This may seem a hardship,
but It la nevertheless the simplest truth. While the ships sent
forth by the Congress may and must fight for the principle* of
human rights and republican freedom, the .ships themaclvea must
be ruled and commanded at sea under a system of absolute des
potism.
"I trust that I have now made fairly clear to you tho tremen
dous responsibilities that devolve upon the honorable committee
of which you are a member. Tou are called upon to found a new
navy: to lay the foundations of a new power afloat that must
sometime. 1 in the course ef human events, become formidable
enough to dispute even with England the mastery of the ocean.
Neither you or I may live to see such growth. But we are here at
the planting of the tree, and may be some of us must. In the
course of destiny, water it* feeble and atrugglln* root* with our
blood. If *o, let it be so! We cannot help It. We must do the
best we can with what we have at hand."
THE following communication from an officer of standing in the United States navy touches upon a matter of '
general interest and is of timely value in illustrating the methods employed in yellow journalism:
WEDNESDAY. .MARCH 12, 1002
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
XttTttt All CcsuBBBiettleBi to XT. 8. LEAKE, Xtnagtr.'
MANAGER'S OFFICB Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICB... Market and Third, 8. F.
• Telephone Pre«« 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 21 7 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prem 202.
1 Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per WeeiN
Blnprlc Cople*. S Cent*.
Term* by Mnil, Including; Postages
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $9.00
X>AXLT CALL including: Sunday). 8 month* X.OO
DAILY CALL, (inclufilnp Sunday). S mcatfcs 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 63o
EtJXDAT CALL. One Tear l.M
WEEKLY CALL, One Year ." 1.00
sV
All postnutntern are authorised to recelre
¦nbMcriptlons.
Eample certea will be forwarded when requested.'
M&ll rufcserlbers In ordering change of address should te
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
tc insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICB 1118 Broadway
C GEORGE KnOGKESS.
H»&igtr Foreign Advertising, Marquett* Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
fCi C CABLTOX Herald Sauare
' NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVK:
tTEPHEK B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. ' Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel. '
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Efcerman Houm; P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House;* Auditorium HoteL
.WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE 14OO G St., 3P. W.
MORTOX E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
6RA9TCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
ectJl 9:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C33
McAJllster. open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkin, open until
0 :3o o'clock. 19*1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, cornc- Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
ltccia. open until 9 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 3
c'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second -and ' Kentucky, opea
ur.tJl 9 o'clock. 2200 Fil'irore. open until 9 p. in.
Tin's has naturally proved intensely offensive to
prohibition nentiment, and the W. C. T. U. over in
New Jersey has appointed a day of prayer tp invoke
divine interposition to change the Biiliop'i heart!
This is a new form of the prayer test. Here is a
distinguished churchman, believed to stand in the
line of the apostolic succession, himself ordained in
use of ancient and approved rituals, to be bom
barded by invocations for his sins and shortcomings.
If he conclude to organize a defense he may clear
the ecclesiastical decks for action, pipe all hands to
quarters and deliver a broadside into the opposite
craft, Then the secular world will see which will
whip. When Everest Parny wrote his "Guerre des
Dicux" he never conceived any situation that was
fuller of suggestion or more calculated to spread
abroad the spirit of irreverence.
So Bishop Potter says reform the saloon, make it
a better club, make resort to it less likely to lead to
excesses, end proceeding on that line lift morals up
instead of throwing them down,
This view involves recognition of the - saloon
among the social forces. It involves denial of the
prohibition postulate that men can be, and must be,
made better by an act entitled an act. Refusing to rec
ognize in man a common human nature and an equal
ity of desires without an equality of ability to gratify
them, the Prohibitionists really, without meaning it
at all, propose to stratify society by legally denying
to the poor man the only humble means of gratifying
his social instincts. Grant that he often and sadly
abuses his opportunity, and would often be better if
it were withdrawn altogether, it still remains true
that efforts to suppress it by law have not succeeded,
but have usually made matters worse.
Bishop Potter, keenly observant of it all and aware
of the social conditions which make the saloon a sort
of poor man's club, has conceived the entirely ex
cusable idea that it will be wiser to make' that club
better instead of worse. In the evening, after his
day's work is done, the well-to-do citizen resc/rts to
his club. There he indulges with moderation in re
freshments, has that social intercourse which all hu
man beings crave, reads books or seeks recreation
in games, and, after a sort, rests himself from the
fatigues of the day's business. The man who works
for him has exactly the same social instincts, and, to
even a greater degree, desires and seeks means for
their gratification. Shall he mope and grow sullen at
home, or shall he seek the nearest substitute for his
employer's club. This he chooses to < do, and finds
it in the saloon. One- could well wish that he might
find a better, but it is not to be found, and so he
takes the best that is available. Bishop Potter has
recognized his needs, and has declared that there
should be means for satisfying them. He has in
sisted that instead of putting legal compulsion on
the saloon to be worse, there should tt* permitted to
it latitude in which to be better.
Bishop Potter has expressed the opinion that the
well-intended efforts of the Prohibitionists are a
failure. The war began over the Raines law in New
York City. By. that law saloons are compelled to as
sume the guise of hotels, to provide lodgings, food,
etc. In the long run it has worked out results in
imical to public morals. The hotel feature has
proved a refuge for abhorrent vices, and the moral
level of the city has been lowered below any plane
to which it has heretofore descended.
THE secular world never treats sacred things
with intended disrespect or irreverence. • In
deed, it is. difficult to delimit the secular world
and describe it by metes and bounds, since there is in
all men a seated respect for things non-secular and
sacred. But just now those things of deeper mo
ment are in peril of ridicule, and not from anything
secular at all. -
YELLOW JOURNALISM AND THE
SPIRIT OF JOHN PAUL JONES
ANOTHER PRAYER TEST.
which the work of the league directs attention. An
increasing divorce rate: and a decreasing . birth rate
do not-speak weir for a people who have such ample
material prosperity as* do those" of the United States,
and it is time to give serious heed to their signifi
cance. . '¦¦¦> •
THE £AN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 1£, 1902.
Henry Watterson says the Democratic party must
get away from visionary theories, and now Mr.
Bryan will think Henry was talking about him.
Officials connected with the Board of
Public Works yesterday unearthed a sec
tion of the charter which will in all likeli
hood prevent the Market Street Railway
Company from carrying out its intention
to build an- 1 electric car line from the in
tersection of Kearny and California
streets, thence along California and across
Market and thence along Spear street to
Bryant. Notice to that effect was served
on the board named on Monday, but the
charter provision mentioned would indi
cate that the franchise once owned by the
corporation, at least. along Spear street,
has been forfeited from non-usage. Under
section 26 of the chapter on Miscellaneous
and the caption "Franchises Not in Use
Forfeited," the charter says:
All franchises and privileges heretofore
granted by the city and county,, which are not
in actual use or enjoyment, or which the
grantees thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby declared for
feited and of no validity unless said grantees
or their assigns shall, within six months after
this charter takes effect, in good faith com
mence the exercise and enjoyment of such priv
ilege or franchise.
Under the terms of the section quoted
the time within' which the company was
required to begrln the exerclseof Its fran
chise on, Spear street expired Just twenty
months ago. The\Board of Works would
as a result be justified in preventing ope
rations on the street until a new franchise
should be granted. Under the charter the
franchise would be sold to the highest bid
der, who * would be' required to contribute
a certain percentage of the receipts to the
city.,';
The Board of Works . is of the opinion
that the franchise on. California street,
from Kearny to Market, has been con
served to the Market Street Company un
der a grant or leasa to -the California
street road, which is now using the road
way. However,' the whole subject mat
ter has 'been' referred to the City Attor
ney for legal advice with particular refer?
ence to the charter provision mentioned.
6
INSOLVENT HARNESS-MAKER.— C P
Witbro. harness-maker at ¦ Oeyservllle, Sonoma
County, Hied a petition in insolvency yester
day. ' He owes ?120S and has $339 assets.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Look out fo*r 81 4th st., front barber and
grocer;, best eyeglasses,^specs,". 10c ,to 40c.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, 50c a
pound,: In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas-
kets.. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C39 3||arket st;, Palace Hotel. building. •
B.KATSCHINSKI
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANGfSGO.
LADIES' FRENCH HEELS,
Lace or Button,
REDUCED TO $2.45.-.,
Now don't come looking for K
these shoes the latter part of the U
week but come Monday. They are M
bargains, and will ibe snapped up. f|
No greater offer ever made the B
trade before. Shoes made by th* H
leading manufacturers of America; ti
that always sold at $3 a pair, will [
be sacrificed at J2 43 a pair. La- \]
dies' Imported Vlcl Kid. lace and m
button shoes, with kid cloth or Lj
embroidered vesting tops, coin toes 1 j
and tips, hand-turned soles and H
French stitched heels. Reduced to N
$2 45. We havo the following sizes B
and widths: {}
AAA-4 to 7tf. ' E-2% to 8. !\
AA-3to7Vi. C-2^to8. J}
¦ A-2V4 to 8. D— 2% to 7%. g
E— 6 to IVi. n
We have every size in some style, H
but not every size in every style. £j
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE GLO- H
RIA »3^">0 shoes for ladles. There fl
is BUT ONE best, and the Gloria fj
is THAT ONE. - *i
Made up in any style, in every H
material, and with turned or welted M
soles. \ j
COUNTRY ORDERS S0I2CITED. ||
PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
IO THIRD STREET. *l
San Francisco. i'
Special , information ;' supplied daily lo
business houses and '; public' men by the.
I-tess Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 510 Mont-
gomery street. . ..Telephone Main 1042. '.* '
California — "The White' Slave."
Tivoll — "The Serenade."
C^traJ— "Oliver Twist."
Alcazar — "A Coat of Many Colors."
Columbia — "Arizona."
Orphfum — Vaudeville. '
Grand Opera-house — "The House That Jack Built."
Fischer"* Theater— "The French Haid."
Chulee, Zoo anil Theater — Vaudevilla every afternoon and
eveninc.
Metropolitan Hall— Paderewski evening.
Sherman-Clay Hall— Katherine F1«k. Friday nltht.
Mechanics' Pavilion— NorrU & Howe'* BiK Ehows, Sat-
urday. - - , :.>
Oakland Jlacetrack — Uaeeu to-day. ': 4
AUCTION SALES.
Ur Qecldwitnl Hor*e Exehanr*— Thi» Uijr, J50 HorMf, at
721 Howard etretu
Auction gal<«~Thti ««y, How*, at 721 Howard utreet.
Auction Sal <» Friday. March 14, at 10 o'clock, troltcre and
pacer*, at n<m Uoiden Gate evenu*.
t%y MeGJynn « Kt-mm-Vrtiny. March 21, at 12:15 o"eloeJt,
rt-.r „ ,,r tb« vv ¦¦¦* lieta & Company, at room 22, ChronlcU
building.
AMUSEMENTS.
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's.*Wants Samples of Manufactures
The Chamber of Commerce Is In receipt
of a communication from the Japanese
Consul calling attention to the Industrial
Exhibition which is to be held at Osaka
Japan, from March 1 to July 1, 1903- a'
special feature of the affair will be a
grand display of samples of foreign
manufactures and local commercial men
are requested to furnish exhibits. '
James H. Delehay was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday on a charge of bur
glary. He was discovered early last Fri
day morning in the billiard room of the
San Francisco Turn Verein, at the corne?
Trii? 0^! £ n £ .pavenworth streets, by
BifJ; McCullough, a waiter, who or
dered him into a closet on pain of beln<"
killed McCullough locked Delehay ta the
closet and summoned Detective Bailey
who placed Delehay under arrest. uey '
Itelehay Is Held for Burglary.
And still they are all guessing. Not
°u e ? f^ he cr , owd la( 5t night felt sure
about the make-up of the mystery.
Psycho" is booked to give a matinee
every day between 3 and 5:30 o'clock and
In the evening will preside at the "An
gelus," from 7:30 until 9 o'clock, at which
hours a corps. of Sherman, Clay & cT's
SFS.JSffi&iS 18 figure In Its b « in y&?
"Psycho" is the puzzle of tho moment
to many who are in doubt whether it be
man of flesh or dummy of wax.' "It" ar
rived only a short while ago from "old
London" on the Thames and has been
making a stir before Gothamltes and In
the capital city of Pennsylvania; It has
stirred the good people of New Orleans to
unwonted 'activity of wondering, and its
dexterous methods at the pedals arouse
sp great a gust of excitement that the
Windy City, alias Chicago, wished lo
claim "Psycho" for Its very own. But
P. H. Hill, a subject of his Britannic
Majesty King Edward VII, and manager
of the mystery, became desirous of visit
ing San Franci3co, and here he is with
his truly remarkable statue of guess
work, and it is safe to say that should
c i li St Wittman agree to the application
of Sherman, Clay & Co., there will be a
throng In and around the celebrated mu
sical house for weeks to come.
The figure is so perfect a representation
of the human man that were it not for the
mechanical movements the deception
would be absolutely complete. "It"
draws the stops of the "Angelus" and
e\en seems successful In getting- from the
instrument the various musical expres
sions and modulations.
Some of the things heard last night in
the surging, crushing, wondering throng
were: .
it'wnh^iTanVyeT 1 " 1 hClag; y ° U CM !£
"I think It's a— freak! I wish he'd wink
"I tell you he's a piano player; I saw him
around here before.."
s -7 h^'?*, a f dummy 5 & }\ rlght - M ri Kht!"
lookf lik! ft " PUt ° n the face? :t
"I'll bet $20 it's real."
" I ,. know abou t as much now as I did be
fore.
"Please, Mr. Sherman, may I feel him and
see if he is wax or alive?"
h "? e 'f!, even EOt warts on his face! Ha, ha.
Living or an automatic figure, which?
was the question put by hundreds of peo
ple last night at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s
music store, Kearny and Sutter streets,
v/here "Psycho" manipulates an "An
gelus Piano Player" attached to a Stein
way Grand.
Spectators Try to Solve
a Most Remarkable
Phenomenon.
MYSTERY CAUSES
MUCH INQUIRY
The cases of Frank Cushing, Thomas
Garsides and James Smith, charged with
petty ' larceny, "were dismissed- by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday. Cushing ia a porter
for Miller, Sloss & Co., and a few days
ago he carried several bags of nuts to
the sidewalk to be taken away -. by a cus
tomer, were stolen and were
later discovered in. a >barn south of Mar
ket street. Garsides and Smith were ar
resfed in the barn, but that was the only
'evidence ' against them. The ! Judge said
there was absolutely no evidence against
Cushing and / he regretted ; that , he "had
been humiliated by being charged with
such an offense.
Innocent Man Is Arrested.
V A Jury was secured in Judge Lawlor's
court yesterday to try the .case of Ed
ward J. Duncan, charged with the mur
der of George W. Rice, a non-union, ma
chinist, at the corner of Twentieth and
Howard streets, October 11. / The jury
oonsists of Samuel H. Collins, Henry O.
Stearns, Gideon P. Woodward, John: H.
Sherry, William H. Smith, Edward Cohen,
Herman A, Radbruch, Bernard F. Warm
bold, Philip Heeb, -Herman F. Puckhaber,
John B.Carrington and Philip Pettis.
After the opening statement to the jury
by Assistant District Attorney Alford the
hearing of witnesses was commenced. The
witnesses examined were Corporal George
W.Russell, Dr. Louis D. Bacigalupi* and
George E. . English, and their testimony
was the same -as that given at the trials
of Buckley, Moran and Donnelly, who
were convicted, of the crime., ;
Jury la Secured and Three Witnesses
Are Examined for the Prose- v
cution.
TBIAi OF PTTNCAIT
FOB. MTJBDER BEGINS
In knowing that we have just opened up
an entirely new line of wrist bags and
chatelaines which are made in all leath
ers. The prettiest little bags you ever
saw, and some as cheap as 50c each.
Hand-cut steel bead chatelaine bags from
$3 up. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
You Will Be Interested
Lieutenants C. E. Kilbourne, Fourteenth
Infantry, and P. A. Barry, Fourth In
fantry, have been transferred to the Ar
tillery Corps.
The board of officers appointed to select
a new target range at tne rresidio has
recommended a site extending along the
beach f r»m the pumping station toward
Fort "Wiilfleld Scott. The selection Is not
generally. \regarded with favor on account
of the prevalence of wind in that locality.
Robert Morgan, John Koppen and
Thomas Roberts, unasslgned, who were
tried on charges of desertion, have been
found guilty of absence without leave only
and sentenced to short terms of imprison
ment, accompanied by light fines. They
were all apprehended by the civil authori
ties, to whom the Government must pay
the regular reward of $30. General Young
criticizes the sentences of the court for
not Imposing fines heavy enough to re
imburse the war Department.
Captain Home will be remembered as
the officer who attempted to commit sui
cide several months ago as a result of
mental troubles. . -
A board of medical officers at the Pre
sldlo is examining into the physical con
dition of Captain W. J. D. Home, Ninth
Cavalry, to determine if he shall be re
tired by reason of disability. -He was rec
ommended for retirement some tuna ago,
but a further investigation was deemed
necessary.
ed Suicide May Be Betired for
Disability.
Army Of fleer Who Recently Attempt-
CAPTAIN HOBNE TAKES
PHYSICAL EXAMINATION
The board of directors of the Chamber
of Commerce met yesterday afternoon to
discuss measures looking toward the
further advertisement and development
of the resources of California. A coursa
of procedure was decided upon, and if
everything goes smoothly the commercial
men of the whole State will unite a3 they
have never done before for the improve -
ment of existing conditions.
Action in the matter has resulted from
tho recent meeting Of the Sacramento
Valley Improvement Association in this
city. It was decided at that time that
something should be done to ! boom the
interior of the State, and the way in
which this should be done was left tu
the local commercial leaders.
A. B. Field introduced a resolution yes
terday favoring the movement and nam
ing President George A. Newhall a com
mittee of one to call a meeting of tha
presidents of all the other commercial
Dodies of the city to make definite ar
rangements for exploiting, the virtues
of tne Stato. The resolution was unan
imously adopted, and Mr. Newhall «ays
that the meeting will take place on
either Monday or Tuesday of next week.
It is planned that this meeting shall
call another meeting of representatives
of every commercial body in California.
The scheme is then to appoint commit
tees whose members will look after the
various details of the work. It Is ax
iomatic that the" organizations can ac
complish more by working together in
harmony than separately, and the com
mercial men are enthusiastic about the
results of the new movement Boards of
Trade and Chambers of Commerce in
various parts of the State have long been
trying to advertise and develop the re
sources of their respective sections, but
united action as now contemplated has
never been attempted. The I present plan
has met with general favor, and ¦ the
greatest interest is everywhere mani
fested in its success. Those present yes
terday at the meeting were H. Rosenfefil,
E. R. Dlmond, A. B. Field, W. L. Gers
tle, R. P. Jennings, James Otis and
George A. Newhall.
The L. P. Fisher Advertising Agency
was elected to membership in the cham
ber. Jt~ was unanimously resolved to sec
ond the petition of the Stockton Cham
ber of Commerce to Congress to make an
appropriation for the building of a canal
to divert the course of various streams
which bring an obstructive sediment into
Stockton harbor.
The Chance of a Lifetime.
Twenty per cent discount on harness,
saddlery, buggies and wagons for two
days only, ¦ Thursday and Saturday,
March 13 and 15. Prices marked in plain
figures. We are manufacturers. Spiro
Harness and Buggy Co., 305 Market street,
near Beale. - . •
Ah Sam's Lovemaking.
Ah Sam, a burly Chinese, was charged
In Judge Fritz's court yesterday | with
disturbing the peace. He lives on the
ground floor of a house at 10^ Trenton
place, and over him lives Mrs. Gertrude
Lee, a white woman who is married to a
Chinese. Ah Sam has been making love
to Mrs. Lee, and Monday night he kept
knocking On her window till she became
exasperated and tnrew a pitcher of wa
ter over him. Thin angered Ah Sam and
he raised a disturbance that resulted in
his arrest. He wanted to light the officer
who arrested him, and yesterday told the
Judge that he could thrash any policeman
in the city. The case was continued till
to-morrow.
I would not divert one single person from
settling in that charming region, I would not
speak a single word in disparagement of any
claims it has, and they are many, as a place
of residence; indeed I often wish I had the
happiness to be of their number. But I would
have the world know that California is greater
than a small part of it; that there are at
tractions and advantages and resources in
other I parts of the State of which the thou
sands who are looking this way as yet know
but little and know that little doubtlnxly.
Remarks were made by W. H. Mills,
Cralgle Sharp, J. S. Emery, C. M. Woos
ter, E. S. Maslin, B. N. Rowley, Mark L.
MacDonald of Santa Rosa, A. S. Liuce of
Santa Rosa, K. D. Sweetser of Sonoma
and Captain S. H. Day of Ixts Angeles.
Captain Day told about traveling
through the northern part of tho State.
He found therein soil and climate equal to
those possessed by Southern California,
Tho lack was of such people as have made
the south prosperous. "Once get them
into the north,", he sald.J'and they will be
the leaven to start things going.' 1
The board re-elected the old officers as
follows:
President, N, P. Chipman; vice president,
J, S. Emery; first vice president, Arthur R.
Brlggs; secretary and general manager, J. A.
Filche^.
Tho old board of directors was also re
elected.
North. Has Advantage.
The consideration of the new move
ment in this part of the State to promote
immigration and the report of President
Chipman of the showing made by the
State in a material way during the year
1901 engaged the greater part of nhe atten
tion of the board during the entire after-'
noon. Among the interesting statements
made by President Chipman was one rela
tive to the shipments of California pro
ducts out of the State in the year 1901.
The following table summarizes the facts
in that regard: .
\ Northern Southern
. California. California.
Carloads. Carloads.
10 tons each. 10 tons each.
Green deciduous fruits. 9,344 23
Dried • 10,114 585
Raisins 4.172 160
Canned fruits 7.692 630
Nuts 190 • 656
Citrus • 2.088 30,298
Wine and brandy 8,475 129
Vegetables .... .6,375 2,798
Totals 48,450 35,279
President Chipman quoted, statistics and
reports of the Department of Agriculture
and called attention to the vast number
of olive and orange trees growing in the
northern counties to show that there is no
essential climatic ¦ difference between
Northern and Southern California. Speak
ing of comparative statements, President
Chipman said: -
_JL .. __
Sections Are Compared.
The board pledged itself by vote to this
programme without any uissantlng voice.
The California State Board of Trade
yesterday voted to direct its energies
especially' to the development of Northern
California and to offer co-operation hi
every way possible with the effort now
making for organized work to people this
vast and rich country. The matter was
brought up as a recommendation' before
the annual meeting of the board in the
annual address of President N. P. Chip
man. "A part of the report including the
recommendation was as follows:
I would tender to the leading spirits of the
new movement the entire working machinery
and exhibits of this board, together wltll tha
services of its officers, directors and employes.
If it is thought dsslrable by the San Francisco
Chamber of Commerce I and the Saoramento
Valley and San Joaquln Valley Development
associations to make this board their executive
agent to promote the objects now being so
seriously considered I would Bay at .once enter
enthusiastically upon this, the most' Important
enterprise now confronting . Northern Cali
fornia.- If nay recommendation meets with, ap
proval I suggest that it be at once com
municated to these bodies tor their considera
tion. ' \
Increase of California Prod
ucts Is Shown by
Chipman.
Chamber of Commerce Takes
- Steps to Organize All
Interests.
Offer Is Made at Annual
Meeting of Board
of Trade.
Commercial Men of State
Strongly Favor Con- 7
certed Xcbion.
VOTES TO WORK
FOR THE NORTH
PLAN TO UNITE
THEIR EFFORTS
G. S. PIFE, MINING MAN,
IS INJURED BY WAGON
Police Officer Ross arrested James Mc-
Cann, the driver of the delivery wagon,
and charged him with battery. G. S. Fife
has his offices in the Luning building, ana
is manager of the Douglas Ditch and
Mining Company.
G. S. Fife, the well known mining oper
ator, residing: at 1201 California street,
was knocked down at noon yesterday by
a delivery wagon at the corner of Polk
and Market streets, and sustained In
juries that necessitated his removal to his
home.
Is Arrested.
Is Knocked Down and Taken Home,
While Ihiver James McCann
.. ¦ .-¦¦..¦ -, - . . . . . , . •:.,.. - „ ....... , ¦"..- —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902.
7
ITVTENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARPt
A TREMENDOUS RUN ASSURED.
For the Hit of th«
BOSTONIANS.
——THE- — \
Serenade!
THIRD WEEK— GREAT SHOW.
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE.
POPULAR PRICES. 25c, 60c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY), Mar. 12.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; chil-
dren, any part except reserved, 10c.
EVENTFUL VAUDEV1LL1ANS!
PAUL CINQUEVALLI; TROTJBA-
DORS TOTTLOTTSIANS; 3 DANC-
TNQ DAWSONS; 6 BLACKBIRDS;
THE ATJERS; EVA MUDGE;
BILLY CLIFFORD; THE TEN
NELSONS, ANDTHE BIOGBAPK,
SHOWING PRINCE HENRY'S
RECEPTION.
BE/LAS CO Am °THALES jfi+tfUgr,
TO-NIGHT — ALL. THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Great Revival of Dickens' Immortal Story,
OLIVER
TWIST.
A ¦ Tremendou* Caat — A Blcl Production.
PRICES— Evenings— 10c, 16c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Matinees— 10c. 15c, 25c.
NEXT MONDAY— JIMMY BRITT (the Cham-
pion Lightweight of the Coast) as the
Bowery Boy In "THE BOWERY
AFTER DARK."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
¦ Belasco & Than. Mgrs.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL. WEEK,
The Great New York Comedy Success,
A COAT OF
MANY COLORS,
By the Author of "An American Citizen."
NEW SCENERY— STRONG CAST.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND 8UNDAY.
Seats on Sale Six Days In Advance.
PRICES ..15c. 25c. 35c, 60c. 75c.
''&?y' ¦ Next— "ON AND OFF." /
¦V The- Same Truthful Story Prevails.
THE OLD SUCCESS MOST
WELCOME.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE WHITE
CT A \/V7 Bartley Campbell's
° J - r^ V - V '*-'¦ Beautiful Ploy,
Next Sunday NJght— HOWARD KYLE, pre-
senting on a scale of magnificence.
"NATHAN HALE."
By Clyde Fitch. :
SEATS TO-MORROW.
[Fischers Theatre
O'Farrell, bet. Stockton and Powell Streets,
. , Telephone Main 231.
Prince But All
Henry Setn
Did Not, Francisco
DOES Go to See
THE FRENCH MAID.
The prettiest, most melodious, best-staged
Musical Comedy EVER " ,
And such a great caat. Now, don't WAIT.
Get your seats at once for Next Week's Sensa-
tion. "LITTLE CHRISTOPHER." the funni-
est and most delightful of all burlesques, fla-
servert seats : Night, 25c and 60c; Matinees,
Saturday and Sunday, any part of the theater,
25c; children at all Matinees, 15c.
MECHANICS*
PAVILION.
THE DATE IS DRAWING NEAR.
Norris & Howe's
Big Shows
Will Commence Their Annual Engagement In
This City
SATURDAY, MARCH 15.
Performances, 2 and 8 p. m. Dally.
5OO PERFORMING ANIMALS 50O
NEXT SATURDAY IS THE DATE.
MECHANICS' PAVILION THE PLACE.
EVERY ACT NEW THIS YEAR.-
ADMISSION— ADULTS. 25c; CHILDREN, 10c.
KATHARINE FiSK,
THE - FAMOUS CONTRALTO.
_ SECOND RECITAL
T0-M0Kri0W AFTERNOON,
- SHERMAN & CLAY HALL.
Friday Night, Saturday Afternoon. . . .
Reserved Seats 75c, $1 and 91 50, at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s.
Remarkable
Offering
KELLER'S
One-Dollar
Shirt.
We have succeeded in
"purchasing from an Eastern
manufacturer a very large
line of Colored Shirts, which
has awakened a distinqt
sensation from the moment
they appeared on view.
Some of the newest
spring colors can be found
among them, and at the
prices we quote they are
certainly the best offering
of the kind ever displayed
in this city.
Plain Blue and Ox-Blood
~ { Madras Golf.
Blue and Pink effects in
small figures and stripes, in
Corded Madras Golf.
Plain White Pleated Bosom
Golf.
Cora Color with White Stripe
V Oxford Golf.
Light ground small fig-
ures*and fancy striped stiff
Those Shirts will be on
sale this morning and of
course the first callers will
have the best selection.
1028-1030 Market St.
; : :¦ ALSD OAKL'AND..
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CURES
Insures Love and a Happy Home
for All.
How any rnan may quickly cure himself after
years of from sexual weakness lost
vitality, night losses, varicoeele, etc., and en-
large small, weak organs to full size and vigor
Simply eend your name antf address to Dr'
Knapp Medical Co., 1373 Hull building, Detroit*
Mich., and they will gladly send the free re-
ceipt ¦ with full • directions bo any man may
easily cure himself at home. This is certainly
a most generous offer, and | the following ex-
tracts taken from their daily mall, show what
men think of their generosity. ..,-
"Dear Sirs: Please accept my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have given your
treatment a thorough test and the benefit has
been extraordinary. It has completely braced
me up. I am Just as vigorous as when a boy
and you cannot realize how happy I am."-
"Dear Sirs: Your method worked " beauti-
fully. Results were exactly what - 1 needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
and - enlargement Is entirely satisfactory." • :
• 'Dear Sirs : Yours was received and I had
no* trouble in making use of the receipt as di-
rected and can truthfully say it is a. boon to
weak men. I am greatly Improved In size,
strength and vigor." • .
¦ AH .correspondence Is strictly confidential,
mailed In plain, sealed envelope. The receipt
Is free for the asking and they want every man
to ba.ve it. v ' ,
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE SEASON'S TRIUMPHANT SUCCESS!
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play.
LA.ST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY, j
NEXT MONDAY.
America's Great Emotional Actress.
' BLANCHE WALSH
First Six Nights and Saturday Matinee.
The New Emotional Play by H. J. W. Dam,
"LA MADSLEIN5."
Sunday Night and Special Matinee Thursday.
"JANICE MEREDITH; 1
Seat Sale Begins To-Morrow Morning.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS V/EEK.
FAREWELL WEEK OF THE POPULAR
ACTOR,
GEORGE OBBR
In George H. Broadhurst's Latest Comedy,
The Boose That Jack Built.
One- of tho Funniest Plays Ever Written.
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 23c. 50c. 7SO
. Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 23c.
Next Week— MELBOURNE McDOWELL.
g|^^ RACING
"^Sr^*" —^^C* very >Vec!i Day —
Wr Rain oi* Shtns.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLU J
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Race* start at 2: 15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat leave* San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2X10 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two car* en train renervtdl for
Udica and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
terry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains vu
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo tvenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway.. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol* con-
nect with San Pablo avenua cars at Fourtoenta
and Broadway. Oakland. These •lactrto car*
go direct to tha track In fifteen minute*.
Returning — Trains leave the ¦ track at 4:13
and 4:15 p. m. and Immediately after tha last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Becy. and Mgr.
CHUTES ANI^ZOO *2l&£»*
GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW.
TO-MORROW NIGHT THE AMATEUR3 and
a FAT LADJES' POTATO RACE. :
SPECIAL.
On SATURDAY and SUNDAY all children
will be admitted free to the farewell celebra-
tion of the Old Chutes, which closes on Sunday
night.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
Polo/** a Desirable location,
luluvw unsurpassed cuisine,
,' ¦ unequaled ser-
ntin vice and modern
UlIU conveniences are the
': attributes that have
If t*O fi 41 made these two ho-
JlIUllU tels popular with
tourists and travel-
tlATXlIc ers wno visit San
UUlWlJ Francisco.
iBfl WEB3/S kR^m i^I #ft<fc w^s.
M be la v8zb s^ e& alcOi
Ey gf B • ,-i i ..3 ga Bhb 0 Jl (Ens
«A CMICHEQTER'S CNCUSH
H>~<Sik~V ©rt«in«T and Only Ueanlne.
£M V**^ * r CHICHESTER'S KNGIUSII
fr**i»14g&\ t» KE» mnd tiold n«t»;Uo Doxm. ie.;.d
JS\ S?lP« 3? tt Wn# ribbon. Take no otker. RefliM
TTi *^ yiU »a«cero«a »abatltati<Mis «nd loiita.
I / ¦ ~ . fff *«•¦•. Bay of y<wr Drosr?ist. or pmd 4e. la
I *• *B itamp* tor Partiealar*, Totiaiunlala
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL.
DISCOVERY
FOR THE^
-1 BLOOD, LIVER, LUNGS.
Wr\Jb2$2? INJECTION. / |
§ A PERMANENT CURE I
s of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhcea ? •
7 and Gleet, ffnarantecd in from 3 to 6 J
j 5 dajs ; no other treatment required. 5
'5 Sold by all drjggiats. 5
WONQ WOO,
.UT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
TL* J SANITARIUM.
764-65 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
•5^W?^V A LL DISEASES CURED
fO'W«.tlm^ ' e\ exclusively by CtelMa*
herbs, over 3000 varieties belns umcL Uoura
• :30 to U a. m., l to 3 and 7 to » *. m.
, MISCELLANEOUS. jf:';
in th B 1 Wonderful Carpet and &ua Selling
M.ISSI0N 1 J t is wonderful, considering that thH is March- and these Carpet
:._ ._, B P'oors arc as busy as in April, We couldn't have, sold over 200
' \_ '-I Room-Size Rugs last week if prices were not so much below tKe real
&?* <£> •£• o^ «^B vjlue. Many odd rolls of Carpet and more Rug Bargains for the rest
150 Tapestry Brussels Room Rugs = -
Size 9 ft. by \oy 2 ft., with borders woven on; wool face; rich colors; regular price $13.50. Vj/B VP' » kJ\J
Size 9 ft. by 12 ft; elegant patterns; the $2500 kind *K B VjP« H-T VT r
100 Royal Wilton Room Rugs - - . '00
The very best quality of Wilton Ruprs: size 9 by 12 ft; Oriental patterns; value $40.. *K ¦ •>/ vr_
675 yards Elegarit Velvet Carpet - - - - 121
Grades that usually sell at $1.40; 40 different patterns...- r ¦
75o yards Good Brussels Carpet - - - = fi^C
Bright new patterns and eood wearing quality; worth 80c; at " -
40 Royal Axminster Rugs - - - - 00
Sire 9 ft. by 12 ft; in Turkish designs; regularly $30.00 •y£v*9\J\J
\ Bis:elow Lowell Brussels Carpets - \- - =^0 22 1
i New spring patterns for parlors, dining-r^oms and halls; regularly $1.50 *r " • &* **1
\ Linoleum, English ani American Makes - - (\()r
j 12 feet wide, square yard .....: ....:......... VJVJ*./
; These are fair and iqvarc samples ol what real low prices mean «• No one but PaUosien, maKcs them
) Cor. Mission p> A nTT'^r^ ClCM t^f^ Cor » 16th a "d -.
I and 16th Sts. PA 1 1 U^ltllN t/U. Mission Sts.
i OPEN SATTTBDAY EVENING UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK,
OCEAN TE.AVEL. .
Paciflo Coast Steamship Co.
3^ SteaiAers leave Broadway
' H^. Wharf. Ban Francisco:
PaSSi*^ For KetchikarT, Juneau.
Skagway, etc.. Alaska— 11
P^jiWl^ ¦¦ ni- March 7, 12. 17. 22, 27.
KSMHSSlsra April 1. Change to com-
KSS^^^^Il pany's steamers at Seattle.
i pQBcSwtll For Victoria, Vancouver,
*¦ Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. New What-
com— 11 a. m.TMarch 7. 12. 17. 22. 2T. April 1.
Change at Seattle to this company s steamers
for Alaska and G. V. Ry-: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m..
March S. 13. IS, 23, 28. April 2.
For £an Diego, stopping only at Santa
Barbara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo
<Los Angeles)— Spokane. Sundays. 0 a. m.;
State ct California. Wednesdays. » a. m.
" For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz.
Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford
<San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Ventura.
Huraeme, Raet San Pedro. San Pedro and
"Newport CBonlta. only).
Bonlta, 9 a. m., March 7. 15, 23. 31, April 3.
Cooe Bay, 9 a. m.. March 19, 27, April 4.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Matatlan, Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia, and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. to., 7th of each
month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or
sailing <3fite«.
TICKET OFFICE— * New Montgomery
Btrcot (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agenti,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
FOR v *
SENATOR JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA JUNE 7
Steamships CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 28 and May 31 re.
epectiveiy. connect with above steamers. Ths
*team£h!ps Senator and State of California
made regular trips to Nome last rear, land-
leg all passengers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates apply
Ticket Offlce. 4 New Montgomery «. (Palace
Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen!. Agents,
10 Market et., San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO,
Only Steamahlp Xilx*.« to
PORTLAND, Op.,
/. nd Short Rail Line from Portland to nil
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all raM or steamship and rail, at
LOW AIST 3FWV I X'Z]S.
ETEAKEB TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH tnd MEALS.
fiS COLUMBIA Sails... Mar. 14. 24, April 3. 13
6S GEO. W, ELDER Sails
; Mar. 19. 29. April 8. 18
Steamer sails from foot of Spear ft., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Mone^y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and eon-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board oa day of
calling.
6S. AMERICA MARU
Friday. March 21st. 1902
ES. HONGKONG MARU.... ...Vl.
Tuesday. April 15th, 1905
6S. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 9thl 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight «md passage apply at company's office.
4ZI Market street, corner First-
W. H. AVERT. General Arent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Yapores
To Valparaiso, etopplng 1 at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 8. pier 10, 12 in.
FALENA . . . .March 13 TUCAPEL . . . .April 19
SANTIAGO ..March 28 GUATEMALA — -
These steamers slt© built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (Xo
charge at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 816 California street.
BALFOUR GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
oeeaMcs.s.co. a^sa
£S. VENTURA for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thurs., March 20. 10 a. n
£S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahfa
Saturday, March 28, 10 a. m.
ES. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu....
, r~ Saturday, March 20, 2 p. a.
i. 8.SPEEKELS ft EEC!. CS., Sura) Imnts. S27 Haritt »
leal tempt 018a. i(3 Martrt SL, far Is. 7. Paafii U
Winter Trail Now Open to
Nome, Teller and St. Michael.
For passenger and express rates apply to
TRANS-ALAEKA COMPANT,
Crocker building.
Operating etaga lines between Illnmna Bay
and abore points. ¦. ¦ ¦
j% wnnycAN xjipb-oes.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Bt. Louis. Mr. 19, 10am i St. Paul.Apl. 2, 10 am
Philadelphia-Mr 26,10m | St. Louis. Apl. 9. 10 am
XUEZX? ST^fVU. XjI2V3EJ.
NEW YORK. ANTWERP. PARIS.
Kensington. Mr 19. nooajFrlesland.Apl. 2, noon
llaverfortl.Mr. 2<5. noon t South ws.rk.Ap. 9, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR G. A. P. C,
20 Montgomery et.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CSjaT It paysitojget ct
¦
SS|i One made in our
M WWiM& tailoring department
IM^wi'fMI wil1 cost you but
%KkM}®«® little more than a
M!$jf|?j ready-made suit and
fnasi? ' wil1 s ' ve you tllc
best satisfaction;
in all the essentials
fijlx of style, fit and
w3s3 wearing qualities.
You may get one on
|p payment of
One Dollar
a weeK
and wear it while paying for it.
128 EIHs St.AbovePowell
TO TflEJDBLIC!
Do not ask; for Mr. Mayerle
.^iHKySlssh. when wishing to consult
"VS^SS^SL" GEORGE MAYERLE. but
JfjSmSS^" INSIST upon seeine: GEORGE
Q&jStsr^v MAYERLE, the German Ex-
pert Optician. Remember
the number, 1071 Market st.
An eye with a cross In every window.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
W^ NOME
Wffill» SAILINGS.
W*>i" i i»* f THE FIRST CLASS
\\\ S.S. PORTLAND
WILL. SAIL FOR
NOME DIRECT
I<ea.vlnr Ban Francisco ...April 19th
Leavin» Seattle April 26th
(Stopping at Unalaska only long enough to coal.)
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO.,
C15 Market et. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO., Puget
Bound Agent, Seattle, Wash. . /
PANAMA B, R. ST
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage, $40; Meals Free,
6. 6. Argyll toils Monday, Mar. 17
8. S. Lcelanavr foils Monday, Mar. 24
6. S. Arfiyll sails Tuesday. April 29
From Sea Wall, Section 1, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
- F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0XP1GKIX GEKSKAL? TB1KSATLANTIQS1
UIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Jt^j^
Bailing every Thursday, lifctead of «Kfl3r«!
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, i*&lxw»
North River, foot of. Morton street. •
First class to Havre, $70 and upward.^- Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAI*
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). Neir
Tork. J. F. FCQAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO '
8:45 a. ra.. S-.15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday, u: 45 a. m-. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Valiejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon; 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. in. Far* 50
cents. Telephone Main 16.08. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mission-street dock. HATCH ,
BROS. '
AMXJSEilZNTG.
raaerewski E/Vemt&ff M^f^h.
W[ Also MISS GRACE FREEMAN, Violinist, 1
|i| ACCOMPANIED BY THE PIANOLA. R
I TO-NIGHT §
I METROPOLITAN HALL I
I WEDNESDAY, MARCH I2tb, at 8:15. 1
II The last and best of tho "Great Pianists' " series of PIANOLA I
tj The compositions and favorite pieces of Padere^csk! wilt be rendered by ths fq
na . PIANOLA and Miss Freeman will b« accompanied by means of this most ' IS
1. 1 marvelous Instrument. i j
i ALL SEATS FREE TO-DAY en application to KOHLER & GfASE, 28 I
B O'Farrell street, where seats will bs reserved upon reqa-sl. \ \
|a "Ths Pianola Is Perfection "-PAD&RSWSKI. 19STOCK MARKETS.
The stock market was quiet to-day and main
ly occupied with the settlement. The tone was
NEW YORK, March 11.— The : Commercial
Advertiser's London financial ' cablegram says:
London Market
New York Money , Market.' ]
NEW YORK, March; 11. — Money on call was
firm, 3 to 3% per cent; closing bid and asked,
3513% per cent: prime mercantile, paper, 4%@
6 Der cent. ' Sterling : exchange .•¦ was steady
with , actual business In bankers' bills at
$4 87% for demand and at- $4 86 for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 86@4 83;" commercial
bills, $4 84%@4-85%.; Bar silver, 64%c;Mexi
can dollars. 43% c.; .Bonds — Governments
steady; States, ; inactive: railroads, irregular..,
.The' quotations; on. Potatoes and Onions re
main as before, ,'wlth the exception of small
Burbanks, which .are' weaker. The /Oregon
Potatoes, On ions and Vegetables
j Colored Beans are firm and white descrip
tions weak, the latter being affected by the
decline in the Michigan market. To ship large
whites to Missouri River points . would require
'.a' quotation of $2 03, ¦ which local . dealers will
not consider a moment" under present , circum
stances. , The market'for all kinds is quiet
''...Alfalfa Seed continues 'firm af the recent ad
vance, with light stocks.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 4002 60; Small White
$2 90<rar5 15; Large White. $2 65®2 90; Pea, S3 50
6H; Pink. $2®2 20; Red. $2 25@2 50; Black
eye. $3 00@4; Limas. $1 10@4 65; Red Kidneys
$3 50®4 per ctl. ¦ ; -
;• SEEDS — Trieste .'Mustard,' $2 65@2 75; Yel
low Mustard. $3 2503 50; Flax, $2 23@2 50-
Canary, 3 %c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
lOV.'S'llc: California, 10@10%c; Rape, la.ffj
2V+c: Hemp. 3%c per lb. • '- .
I DRIED PEAS— Nominal. .
Beans and Seeds.
The rains have produced some easiness In
Hay, though quotations show no decline. Bran
and Middlings continue weak. There is no fur
ther chance in Rolled Barley. • •¦
BRAN— $16 50@17 50 per ton." ¦
MIDDLINGS— $19@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@28;' jobbing
$2S50@29; Cocoanut Cake, $2C@21: Corn Meal
*31@32: Cracked t Corn, $31 60O32 50; Mixed
Feed, $16® 17 50: Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY — Wheat. $10®12 50; Wheat'and Oat $9
ff?12: Oat, $8@11: Alfalfa, $S@11: Clover, $7®
9; Volunteer. $6 ."0@9; Stock, $6@S 50 per ton
STRAW— 40@65c. per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK, March 11.— Wall street senti
ment experienced a sense of relief when the
reports of the early London markets showed
that support was accorded the kafflr mar
ket there- and that very little damage
had resulted elsewhere from the shock of
the capture by the Boers of General Meth
uen. The price of British consols yielded only
a shade, which was probably the , most accu
rate index of the real gravity of the event in
Its Influence upon British financial affairs. The
revised report of the output of gold from the
Wltwatersrand for February is probably of
more real importance at this stage of the war,
and its showing may help to explain the indif
ference of the London market to the Methuen
disaster. According to this report. . by the
Transvaal Chamber of Mines, 81,405 ounces of
gold were taken out during February, com
pared with 70,340 in January; 53,897 in Decem
ber, and no more than : 39,095 in November.
This rate of the resumption of the gold output
means much to the foreign financial world, and
particularly to New York. The early strength
at London led to some covering by shorts in
this market, who put out some short lines
late yesterday In the hope of covering at a
profit on London selling this morning. There
was renewed movement in some of the minor
specialties, which have been the favorites for
some time past. The news of the deposit at
the Sub-Treasury of $1,250,000 in gold for tele
graphic transfer to San Francisco, in connec
tion with, the traction merger there, called re
newed attention to our own domestic money
situation. The selling movement which fol
lowed Was continued irregularly throughout the
day. The earlier gains were generally wiped
out by the first selling on this news, but there
were some subsequent recoveries and the mar
ket closed heavy in tone and without anima
tion. Without counting to-day's transfer to
Pan Francisco, the market's loss to the Sub-
Treasury since the last hank statement count-
Ing the Saturday's shipments of gold, fo'r which
payment was made to that institution, amounts
to $4,581,000. Foreign exchange rates, which
were easy yesterday, steadied to-day and the
question of additional gold exports is thereby
reopened. Of the day's special movements that
of Colorado & Southern stocks continued nota
ble. Manhattan was firm on the report of large
earnings. Unconfirmed rumors were still heard
of a consolidation of Mexican railroad interests.
Chicago Terminal stocks were advanced on re
ports of buying In the Interest of. Baltimore &
Ohio. The Wisconsin Central stocks were ac
tive and strong, without , specific explanation.
The strength In People's "Gas was due to re
ports of measures to contest the 75-cent cas
ordinance in Chicago. • There were a few other
I wide movements of less importance and which
were not fully maintained. .
Bonds were rather dull and Irregular. Total
sales, par value, $2,985,000.
United States bonds were unchanged on the
last call. ¦'-•'
NEW YORK CLOSING BONDS.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close
Atchison 9.600 75% 74% 74«
Atchison pfd 4.500 96^ 95% 06U
Bait & Ohio... 4.000 104% 103«i 104
Bait & Ohio pfd... 200 ,94 94 03%
New York Stock Market.
; ¦ Fine j wools t have become well • reduced -' : In
stock as weir as fine medium: of, good staple
and these wools command full figures. Choice
The available offerings in territory wools
lack that choice selection which could be found
in ' these wools prior i to ' the ( heavy purchases
of '; the past plx months, '. which cut ¦ so deeply
into the supplies of the country. . . -¦
BOSTON, March 11.— The wool trade here Is
still quiet and with the freshets of \ the past
week, together with a threatened strike in the
big mills, the . developments < of the past j week
have been rather inimical to," an active .wool
market. There has been no .weakness In prlcej
on -what wool was sold.- . -, . .•-. '¦¦¦ > ¦ '*
Boston Wool Market.
'Nczv York Cotton Market.
NEW. YORK, March -. 11.— Cotton closed
steady and unchanged. i. .'.
• The,' English markets were weak. Glasgow
closed at 62s lid and Mlddlesboro'at 46s 7%d.
Iron ruled* steady to firm in the . American
market, closing with plgiron warrants nomi
nal. No. 1 Northern foundry, $18 50@19 50;
No. 2 Northern foundry, $18(23)10; No. 1 South
ern foundry, $17 50$i>lS 50;' No. 1 Southern
foundry, soft, $17 5O@1S. '
Spelter also remained unchanged here and
at London. The local price was $4 22%0
4 27%, and the foreign quotation £17 15s. - \
' Lead was unchanged, j both at home and
abroad. New York closed at 4%c and London
at £11 8s 6d.
Locally there was a quiet but steady copper
market, with no change in prices. Lake being
quoted at 12»4@12'/.c; electrolytic and casting
at 12%@12%c. , -
London copper eased off 5s. closing spot at
£54 and futures at £53 15«.
NEW YORK, March 11.— With the excep
tion of a drop of about %c I in the j outside
price of pig tin to-day, -New York -^metals
showed no changes from previous prices. The
bid price for tin remained at, 26%c, with the
asked price down to 26%c.-' The tone was
easy. . A decline of Bs- occurred in English
prices, ) spot closing at £115 10s and futures
at £111 10s. ¦-.¦•"
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK. March 11.— Special cable and
tele.graphlc ; communications to Bradstreefs
ehow the following changes in available sup
plies from last account.
WHEAT — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease 1,255,000 bushels; afloat
for and in Europe, increased 500,000; total
supply decreased 1.255.000. bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 45.000 bushels. .'
Oats — United States 'and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 418,000 bushels.
Available Grain' Supply.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— March. May. July.
Opening 6 2% 6 1X4 0 1%
Closing 6 2 6 1% 0 1%
PARIS. .
Wheat — March: j May-Aug.
Opening 21 65 ¦ 22 50.
Closing 21 60 ': 22 oD
Flour—. . .
Opening ......26 35 . 27 70
Closing f 26 40 27 60
Quotations fcr Wool are dropped, as the old
clips p.re practically exhausted and prices for
the new clip have not yet been made. Indeed,
shearing, has only just been resumed in the
San Joaquin, though it will be general In a
day or two if the weather continues good. In
this case new quotations will appear in a" few
days. • -
Hops rule firm at the quotations, with- prac
tlcally all of the crop passed out of the grow
ers' hands. Thefdemand for shipment is verv
fair. ¦-..,-
Taljow is scarce and firm. -Hides are verv
quiet.! though prices show no further chaneo
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands i»ll
about l%c under quotations. Heavy - a it»t
Steers, lie: medium. 9%c: light. 8%c Cow
Hides. 9c for heavy and 8%c for light- Sta^V
6%c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 0c : SaltV*
Caif. 10c: Dry Hides. 10c; Culls. 14 C - iw
Kip. 140115c: Dry Calf. ISc; Culls and Brand/
15c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 15©3Oc each- short
Wool. -aCG'COc each; medium, eo@75c-' ion*
Wcol, SOcOSl.10 each; Horse HldesTsalt $•> >-%
&:i for large and $2 25@2 CO for medium' II r;
ffKJ for small and 50c for Colts; Horse hm«
dry." $1 75 for large, ft 25^1 50 fofS.lm^si
@1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deerskin.
—Summer or red skins. 35c: fall or medium
skii.s, r.Oc: winter or thin . skins, 20c Goat
skins— Prime Ansoras, 75c; large and'smoothl
50c: medium, 3oc. . «~u«,
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb' No 2.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool a)td Hops,
Pork advanced at Chicago, the other descrip
tions showing little change. Receipts of Hogs
were' large and the quality was Improving,
though the demand. was poor.
This market continues dull and featureless.
CUBED MEATS — Bacon. 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, lS%c for light.
14%c for extra lisht and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12',«.@13c; Califor
nia Hams, 11%@12%c: Mess Beef. $9 50@10
per barrel: extra Mess, $10 50^11; Family.
$11 50@12; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$22 BC@23; Mess. $1S 50@19; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces ouoted at 75»c per lb for
compound and 10%<811c for pure: half barrels,
pure. UKc; 10-lb tins. ll%c; 5-lb tins. ll%c;
3-lb tins. ll^c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 9T|c; three
half-barrels, 0?ic; one tlerc». 0%c; two tierces,
0%c; nve tierces, 971c per lb.
Provisions.
The improvement in Fruits, already noted,
continues. The local market for Apricots and
Apples is higher and Peaches and Fears are
very firm. Prunes are now the quietest kind in
the list, being handicapped by the carrled-over
stock of 1900 croD, but they will soon be out
of the way. Press dispatches from New York
say that the Evaporated Apple market show*
some firmness and a fair business, with tha
demand, however, for "the lower grades. Prices
remain about the same. Jobbers are paying
full prices for Prunes and Apricots, the former
showing an advancing tendency. Peaches are
steady, with a fair demand.
There is no change in Nuts. Raisins and
Honey. . All are in good shape for sailers, with
moderate sur^lies.
FRUITS — Apricots, 9@10%c for Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, 8@9c; sun dried. 5c;
Peaches. 6Vi@8%c; Pears, C@9c; Plums, pitted.
5@5'v,c; unpitted, l%@2%cr Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%@6c for white; Figs, 3c for
black and 5@5Uc for white. .
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows.
30-40's, 6@fi%c; 40-50's. 4*4@5Uc: 50-60*8, 4U
<&'4*ic: C0-70's, 3«i@4«ic; 70-SO's, 3»i©3%c; 80-
DO's, 2?ig.tiic: 90-100's. 2%@2%c per lb.
. RAISINS — Seeded, 3-crown. Sc: 2-crown. 6 V<
07% c; Loose Muscatels. G!ic for 4-crown and
5V»c for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown. 5»4c:
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
S%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, %'&; De
hesa. $2 50; Fancy, $1 75; London Layers,
*1 25@1 35.
NUTS— Chestnuts_ll@12e; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell. 9%o: No. 2. S@S%c; No. 1 hardshell,
9c; No. 2, 7c: Almonds, 10%@12c for paper
shell, UffllOc for softshell and 6(370 for hard
shell: Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts.
12@12V>c: Fitberts. 12@12y.c; Pecans, ll@13c;
Cocoanuts, ?3 50@5.
HONEY — Comb, ll%@13c for bright and 10.#
12c for lisht amber; water white extracted, 5<*J
6c: light amber extracted. 4@5c; dark, 4c.
. BEESWAX— 27%?f29c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednes
day: light northerly winds, changing to fresh
westerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
Northern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
northerly winds in the Interior; continued warm
weather.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; light westerly winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday; warmer; light
easterly winds.
The pressure continues high over nearly all
of the country west of the Rocky Mountains.
The weather is generally clear over tnc- coast.
During the past twelve hours. there has been a
gradual rise In temperature. In the Sacramen
to Valley the temperatures are about 6 degrees
above the normal. . •
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight March 12, 1902:
FORECAST.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Boston 46-32 ¦ Kansas City 68-52
Cincinnati ... 6C-5S , Omaha J 66-42
Philadelphia 54-3S ; Chicago 64-54
Washington 60-34 Duluth 54-3S
Jacksonville 74-59 St. Louis 70-60
New York 50-38 'Salt Lake City... 42-34
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 soring wheat, 72@7Cc; No. 2 red.
SSViC; No. 2. oats, 44»4@-»5c; No. 2 white.
46%c; . No. 3 white, 44%@45%c; No. 2 rye,
5S%c; fair to choice malting barley, 59@60%c;
No 1 Northwestern, $1 72: prime timothy seed.
$6 nO; mess pork, r.er bbl, $15 15@15 20; lard,
per 100 lbs, $U 27%@9 30; short ribs , sides
(loose), 58 30<5f8 50; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%37Jic; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 60©S 70: whisky, basi3 of high wines, $1 30:
clover, contract erade. $8 75.
Articles — Receipts.. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 29.000 24,000
Wheat, bushels 72,000 45,000
Corn, bushels 126,000 . 58,000
Oats, bushel3 10S.OOO 18,000
Ryt, -bushels 3.000 1,000
Barley, bushgls ¦ ...49,000 . 15.000
~~On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 18®25c; dair
ies,'18@23c. Cheese, steady. .lO^Q^Hc. Eggs,
steady; fresh, 14@21c.
GENERAL SUMMARY.
R&ln has continued at intervals during the
rt»k in el! part* cf the State, the precipitation
In the central and northern portions having
be*n remarkably heavy, with abundance of
errw in the mountains. There has been an
other rapid rip# in creeks and rivers in the
Sacramento Valley, Lut no material damage
haF been reportfd. The temperature has been
Elirhtly below normal and light frosts have
cc> -urred in some sections.
Orain is In good condition, growing rapidly,
stvI with the usual leter rains will yield fully
average crops in the central and northern dis
tricts and good crops in the south. There is
raid to be an unusually large acreage of bar-
Ipy in portions of the San Joaquin Valley.
Rum has made lt« appearance In some of the
wheat fields in Sonoma County, but fair
wrxther will probably prevent serious damage.
Plowing, seeding and sugar beet planting are
prcprejrFing in many places, but the soil is
too wet for cultivation in the northern dis
tricts. Pasturage is abundant in all sections
an<i Etock are in good condition.
Deciduous fruits are somewhat backward.
b^jT are coming Vr.to bloom in nearly all parts
cf the State and give Indications of a heavy
yield. Almonds in bloom w»re slightly injured
by frort in some places. Citrus buds are ap
pearing in portions of the Sacramento Valley.
Sacramento Valley. — Cooler weather has pre
vailed during the week, with occasional lipht
frosts in some places. Heavy rains have fallen
in the valleys, causing another rapid rise of
creeks and rlvys. but no great damage has
been reported. The mountains are covered
*ith an abundance of enow. Farm and orchard
•work are still suspended, owing to the heavy
condition of the soil. Grain is making good
growth and prospects for heavy crops were
nrver better at this season. There is a large
acreage of wheat and barley. . Almonds in
b:oom were slightly injured by frost in some
places, but no other damage was done. De
ciduous fruits are generally somewhat back
ward, but in good condition, and give indica
tions of a "heavy yield. Orange "buds are form
»ig. - .....
Coast and Bay Sections. — Cool weather has
prevailed during the week, with frequent heavy
rtinfall in the central and. northern counties
fi'id lighter rains. in the south. At Santa Roea
the precipitation from March I to 8 has been
3 inches, making a total of 28 inches for the
f-ason. In some of the northern districts grain
en low lands Is reported rusty and in poor condi
tion, but is looking well on the higher lands.
Jn San Benito County grain and grass have
nade remarkable growth and prospects for
heavy crops could not be- better. Pasturage
ih plentiful and rtock are in good condition.
J>eclduou» fruits are a little backward in some
tertlone, but trees are in bloom in many places
r.nd prospects good for heavy cropsl
6an Joaquin Valley.— The weather has been
fllphtly cooler than during the preceding week
cr.d Hsht frosts have occurred in many places.
J'.ain ha? Tallen at intervals in all parts of the
> alley. The soil is in excellent condition and
flowing and eeeding are progressing rapidly.
7n the southern counties the grain acreage
¦n-ill be less than usual, owing to scarcity of
rainfall early In the season, bu^a good yield
i* probable. The acreage in the central and
northern counties Is reported greater than last
feaeon's and heavy crops are expected. Grain
and graes are making good growth and looking
¦»e!l In all sections. Pasturage is abundant
rnd rtork are in good condition. Orchards and
vineyards continue thrifty and irive Indications
of large crops. Early fruit in bloom h«ve not
been injured by frost.
Southern California. — The weather -luring
the week has been cool and ' cloudy, with oc
casional foge and light rains. The soil is In
excellent condition and plowing and seeding
are In progress. Sugar beet planting has com
menced in some places. Water in reservoirs
i* abundant. There Is .said, to be a scarcity of
enow in the mountains. Wheat, barley and
The -weekly report cf A. G. McAcUe, section
director of the climate sr.d crop service of the
Weather Bureau, is as fellows:
The Weather and Crops.
Hail adA-ices from New York say: "At the
moment, interest is attracted to prunes, and
•while nr-t quotably higher there is a decidedly
better feeling observed among holders. We
noie a little scarcity of 40-30s, with 6?4c
qu< ted pretty generally on new Santa Claras
in 2T>-lb boxes. .Some purchases are, however,
re] orted posgible on the 6%c basis, although
It .s believed that offerings of new fruit Santa
Clara stock at this .figure are limited. In
otlrer sizee there appears to be a fair supply,
¦vrith offerinps of small fruit, 100 and smaller,
tbundant. Oregon prunes are showing a fair
irtcrest and sizes 30-40 are reported light.
Const advices note no important change in the
general situation. In apricots there continues
a pood jobbing interest and more firmness is
gfcuwil among holders. Sales in small lots are
rep° rte d within the quoted range. Peaches are
ftf«dy and firm. In raisins the market is
sfc' wing a little more activity for seeded in
cartons, with some holders quoting up to 9c
en fancy coast seeded for 1-lb packages.
E;.s-tern seeded fancy Is available at S»4c and
fr 1 ... 2 will buy choice. Loose in 3-crown grade
is firm' at 7c. In Valencia layers 7!ic Is gen
*rnlly quoted. We note the arrival of 1500
bcxes of Sultana raisin* on the London
Ftcarotr. In currants a little steadier feeling
is observed in uncleaned In barrels, with 6%c
quoted inside. Offerings on this basis are re
ported limited, the largest holders quoting
fi^c. In dates the market is steady and firmly
hclfl at the late advance on Khadrawee. In
fig> the market is rteady. In nuts the market
«hc«-s little feature. Brazils are moving in
e fair way on the lower basis. Jordan almonds
Btr strongly held and reported scarce on the
eptt."
Dried Fruit in Nczu York.
Articles — ' Open. Hl;h. Low. Close.
Wheat No, 2— »
May 77>,i 77U 76V4 76%
July 77*i 77?i 76% 77
September 77 77% 76V» 76%
Corn No. 2 —
May H2V4 62% 61% 62
July C2V 4 62^ 61% 61%
September 60H C0»i - 69ft 50%
Oats No. 2 — .-': - t - . «
May 4i%. 4l?8 44% ¦ 44?;
July 35% 35',s iib% 35%
September 30U 30% 30% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May 15 22V, 15 37% 15 20 15 35
July 15 42% 15 50 15 40 15 50
Lard, per 100 lbs —
May .9 40 0 42% 9 37% 9 40
July 9 60 0 5L r y a 0 47% 0 52%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May S o7% 8 40 8 35 8 40
July 8 60 o 52% 8 47% 8 50
Temperature — 7 a. in.. 46 degrees. !
The following maximum and minimum tem
teratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Astoria 30.38 52 42 NW Cloudy .06
Baker . 30.28 48 34 SE Clear .00
Carson 30.26 46 20 X Pt.Cldy .00
Eureka 30. 36 52 40 N Clear .00
Fresno 30.12 64 3ti NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 29.98 44 10 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Ida. 30.20 46 28 SW Clear T.
Independence.. 30. 08 54 34 N Pt.Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. .30.06 66 42 SW Clear .00
Phoenix 29.96 68 40 W Clear T
Portland 30.38 56 40 SW Pt.Cldy .02
Red Bluff 30. 1« 68 38 N- ¦ Clear .00
Roseburg 30.38 60 40 NW Clear >.01
Sacramento... 30. 12 5G 46 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake 30.20 44 34 XW Cloudy* T
San Francisco.30.16 64 46 W Clear .00
S. L. Obispo... 30. 12 70 42 W Clear .00
San Diego 30.06 60 46 SW Clear .00
Seattle 30.34 52 44 S Cloudy .00
Spokane 30.22 54 36 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Neah Bay 30.30 48 42 SW Cloudy .03
Walla Walla. .30.26 SS 44 S Clear .00
Wlnnemucca..30.24 .48 22 XE Pt.Cldy .00
Turns 29.96 74 42 W Clear .00
CITRUS FRUITS— Na\-el Oranges, $1 501J1 90
for standard. $2@2 25 for choice and $2 50@2 75
for fancy; Extra Fancy, $3; Seedlings, $1 25®
1 50; Tangerines, in quarter boxes, 75ct£$l and
$1 flit's 2 in half boxes; Lemons. 75c<g$l for
common and $1 25@1 75 for good to choice and
52®2 50 for. fancy; Grape Fruit. $1@2 50; Mexi
can Limes, 56@7; Bananas. $2!?2 75 per bunch
for New Orleans and $1 25®1 75 for Hawaiian;
Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extra. $1 25®
1 75 for good to choice and 60c@$l for ordi
nary. ¦ ¦ • . .
Apples continue to move well at steady
prices. One car of Newton Pippins came in
from Oregon.
Honolulu Bananas are quoted lower, as ripe
stock is more . plentiful.
Oranges continue firm owing to the warm
weather and limited supplied. Standard and
choice offerings were in demand at sustained
prices and seedlings, which were scarce, con
tinued to bring full figures. Extra Fancy
Navels from Redlands and vicinity sell readily
at $3 per box. One car of Mediterranean
Sweets came into the market and met with
ready sale at $1 25@1 50 per box. Outside of
this car nothing more was received in the open
market. Three cars of Navels are announced
for to-day's auction. The demand for Lemons
showed some improvement and fancy stock,
was firmer. •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks t are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal,- $2 SO; -Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal. $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats. $5; Hominy.
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $404 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35
in sacks, $0 50@8 ; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs. J
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $3 60®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75«?3 25 per barrel for family and
$3@3 50 for Bakers* ; Washington Bakers, ?3@-
Flour and ' Mill-stuff s.
BARLEY — The recent rains -have changed
the condition. of the market somewhat. There
is no longer any disposition . among holders to
hang back for higher prices, as a large crop is
in sight, and the tendency now Is to meet buy
ers. But the views of the latter, too, have
changed, and they are by no means as eager
to buy as they ' have been for several months
back. Offerings in this market are considerably
larger than of late, but sales are few. At the
came time the market is not very soft, for
there is still a good interior demand for ship
ment. The next steamer for Australia will
take out a large line of some hundreds of
tons, and Mexico and the Southwest are still
in the market for supplies. Futures, however,
are lower, as will be seen, and this indicates
an easier market ahead. .
Feed, 95c for No. 1 and 92%c for off grades:
brewinjr and shipping grades, 07%c@$l; Chev
alier, 95cS$l 20 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May— 2000 ctls,
01%c; 2000. OlHc; 14.000. 91c: 2000. 00»4c De
cember — 1000, 79Wc: 4000, 79%c; 4000. 79c;'
2000, 789ic; 2C00, 78%c.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The market continues very quiet, but
holders are as firm as ever and refuse to let go
under full flcures.
orays. $1 30@l 40; whites, $130@145; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 22% for feed
and $1 22%@1 32% for seed; red, $1 20@l 42%
per ctl.
CORN — The • Government report is bullish,
showing the smallest reserves on record. It
.will.be found In the first column. Chicago was
rather weak, while Kansas City reported the
market working around stronger.
The San Francisco market continues un
changed. Dealers say that the acreage this
year will be unusually large, owing to the pres
ent high prices. Trade is dull. Large Yellow,
$1 35(51 45; small round do, ?1 35@1 50; white.
$1 3501 40 tier ct!.
RYE— 02%@97%c per ctl. There is nothing
I new to r«?r>ort.
I BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 Co per ctl.
Afternoon Session — No sales,
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — No sales.
Second Session — May — S0OO ctls, SI 12; De
cember — 40C0. ?1 09.
Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 09%; 4000, $1 09%; 16,000. fl 09.
call; board sales
In this market futures were rather weaker/
while shipping descriptions were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 10@l 11%; mill
ing, $1 12%©1 15 per ctl.
Chicago was weak at a slight decline, and
there was more disposition to sell on rain in
Texas, extending northeast into the Mississippi
Valley. There was none In Kansas. The mar
ket soon lost its vim and relapsed into dull
ness. The coarse grains were active and the
tone was easy, with holders selling freely.
The cash demand for wheat was limited and
speculation was moderate. The Government
report, which appears in the first column, was
considered rather bullish, though it had little
effect. Prime, an authority, took exactly the
opposite view from that of Snow, published
yesterday and reported the winter crop iri
good condition as a rule. The Southwest and
commission houses dumped a good deal of
their wheat. Minneapolis reported a good cash
demand., with millers the chief buyers. Brad
street's reported stocks as follows: East of
the Rockies, a decrease of 1,523,000 bushels;
Europe and afloat, an increase' of 500,000; net
decrease, 1,025,000 bushels.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— The spot market is
dull and easy at 24s 3d@25s for the general
run of carriers. The chartered wheat fleet in
port ha3 a registered tonnage of 28,400, against
20,450 tons on the same date last year; disen
gaged, 37,900 tons, against 2000; on the way
to this port, 197,700 tons, against 144,700.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were 'weak
and futures were lower.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. March 11—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season.' Season
Eureka 0.00 31.14 40.06
Red Bluff 0.00 27.78 22.17
Sacramento 0.00 16.15 17. IS
San Francisco 0.00 16.52 IS. 7!)
Fresno / 0.00 5. S3 10. 2S
Independence- 0.00 4.04 5.31
San Luis Obispo 0.00 19.05 27. 02
Los Angeles ....... 0.00 9.37' '14.10
San Diego 0.00 4.04 8. CO
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
64; minimum. 46; mean, 55.
THE COAST RECORD.
J? 2 S o jg 5
STATIONS. iMfflifillt I
' ? S3 i 3 :•! I &
j 1 5 e I \M • ?
• f* » • • • .
Provisions were, dull, but slightly higher on
the improved hog market. There were no fea
tures of importance. May pork closed 10c up.
lard and rlbs^each 2%c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Although corn prices held in the main better
than yesterday's close, there was disappoint
ment over the fact that the crowd did not take
to the bullish view of the Government report
and support the market. May closed rather
tlrm, M@%e higher, at 62c.
Oats showed little effect from the action of
the other pit and trade was dull. May closed
firm. Vic up, at 44%c.
#• 1 *
CHICAGO, March 11.— Wheat fell bullish at
the start, having for its up-turn influences bet
ter cables, light receipts and the Government
report of yesterday. Wheat traders also had
an eye on corn, which -was expected to take a
big jump. When it was seen that corn bulls
received the news of the shortest corn reserve
on record with apathy wheat longs lost hope.
Then came recurrent advices of rain in Okla
homa and Texas, but the professionals forsook
the bull side, plenty of grain coming out. for
sale and the market turned bearish. The late
Liverpool cables were teasier and Paris was
down. The coarse grains also lost some of their
early show of strength and May wheat, which
ppened \ic uji to unchanged dt 77»4c to 77c,
dropped to 7t>Vic, with' occasional reactions.
The close was weak, %@%c lower for May, at
70%@76%c. ¦
>.ew York Exchange is lower.
Sterling Exchange, t>0 days — $4 80
Sterling Cables, sight _ 4 88*4
Sterling Cables .-... ... __ 4 S9^
New *ork Exchange, sight ; — , 05
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 07%
Oliver, per ounce 541!
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
1 he above percentage of wheat left in farm
ers' haad?. 23 per cent, is from 2 to 0 per cent
lower than was generally expected. The laEt
previous Government report suggested a crop
of «S0.OO0.0O0 bushels, 23 per cent of which
v-culd be 156.400.000 bushels. On the basis of
commercial estimates, however. 23 per cent
•ncuid be between 101,000,000 and 166,000,000
buihels.
The reports received make it manifest that
the 1901 wheat crop was one of the largest
«ver grown, that the corn crop was the small
est, with one exception, in twenty years, and
that the oat crop also was much below the
averope. Wheat as feed for animals has been
utid more extensively geographically, if not in
acwal volume, than ever before.
Cats in farmers' hands is about 30 per cent,
as compared with 3t5.2 per cent <292.800.O0v
bu:hc-l£) of 1900 crop on hand March 1, 1901,
and 36.5 per cent (290.900,000) of 1839 crop on
hard March 1. 1U00.
Reports received from the Government's cor
rerpondents indicate that about 23 per cent of
la;t year's wheat crop is still in farmers'
hards, as compared with 24.5 per cent (12S,
100.000 bushels) of the crop of 1900 on hand
Slcrch 1. 1901. and 29 per cent (15S, 700.000) of
ihr crop of 189» on hand March 1, 1900.
«. orn in farmers' hands is estimated at about
23 per cent of last > ear's crop, against 36.9
per cent (77G.200.000 bushels) of 1900 crop on
hnr.d on March 1. 1901. and 37.2 per cent
173 700,000) of 1S99 crop on hand March 1.
1900.
EGGS — Ranch. 14®15c for selected large and
12%@i3c for good to choice; store, 12gl2%c
per dozen.
CHEESE — New, 10%®llc; old, 10%@llc;
Young America, 10® lie; Eastern, 13@15c per
pound.
BUTTER — Creamery, 26@27c per pound for
fancy, 25c for firsts and 22%@24c for seconds;
dairy. 20@24c: store Butter, 17@19c per lb.
Receipts were 67.500 pounds 20 keg-s of But
ter, 1808 cases of Eggs. 11,500 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese, pounds of Oregon Cheese
and pounds of Eastern Cheese.
Butter Is on the verge of another decline, ac
cording: to the views of dealers. Receipts are
ample for all needs, and buyers, expecting them
to Increase steadily from now on, - are pur
chasing only from hand to mouth to fill im
mediate wants. During the recent stormy pe
riod the Humboldt farmers could not set their
milk to the creameries on account of the
swollen streams, but they can do so now, and
from this time on a marked increase in the
output up there is expected. Nearby sources
are also increasing their production, so there
will be plenty of Butter before long.
There is no further change in Cheese. The
market is dull.
Eggc are steadfer. The price has now got
down to a point where the public can buy the
goods freely, and the demand has materially
improved since the decline. Again, the clear
weather enables dealers to coldstore their sur
plus, which cleans a good many Eggs off the
floors, so the market is in better shape all
around. Dealers are buying freely in the coun
try for cold-storage speculation.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Retail Meat Prices.
The following retail quotations for meats are
fu: nished by the San Francisco Retail Butch
«rr' Protective Association:
i.EEF- Roast. 10@18c per lb; Tenderloin
Et'-ik. 15Sl~lic; Porterhouse Steak, 17%©20c:
Rcund Steak, 10gl2%c; Stew Beef, 8@10c;
Cc.ned Beef, S(glOc.
VEAL— Roast, 10S16c; Cutlets, 15@lSc.'
riUTTOX— Roast, 12Vi@15c; Chops, 12%@
lo> ; Stew Sfiluc.
I. AMB— Spring, 15@25c; Roast. 15@18c;«
Clcps. 15@-20c.
i'OIlK— Roast, 12»i@15c: Chops. 15c.
Government Crop Report.
Eureka Summary. — The valley lands are too
wet for plowing. Grass is doing well, but
grain is growing: slowly; warm weather is
much needed. Fruit trees not in bloom, ex
cept a few early peaches. . . •
Los Angeles Summary.— Sufficient rain for
present needs has fallen. Warm, clear weather
is required for crop growth and deciduous
trees, which, blooming late, make outlook for
deciduous fruits better than for several years.
hay are In excellent condition and will make
good crops if later rains come at the proper
time. Pasturage is plentiful. Early deciduous
fruits and berries are in bloom and give in
dications of a good yield.
LIVERPOOL, March 11.— WHEAT— Firm ;
No. 1 Standard California, 6s 3%d@6s 4d
wheat in Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull
French country markets, strong; weather in
England, foggy,
COTTON— Uplands, 4 25-32d.
The Imports of wheat during the past three
days were 182.00O centals, including 170,000
American. . ¦
LONDON. March 11.— Consols. 94 3-16. Sil
ver, 25 %d. French rentes, lOlf 37%@101f 40c.
Cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes
No. 1 Standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla
Wa»a, 29s 7%d; English country markets.
Foreign Markets.
Receipts of Produce.
TUESDAY. MARCH 11.
Flour, qr sks 11.939 Onions, sks • S25
Wheat, ctls 5.430 Tallow, ctls .... 235
Barley, ctls 3.500 Pelts, bdls 143
Oats, ctls ISO Wine. K al 3 30,900
Corn, ctls 500 Lime, bbls 564
Rye ctls 110 Chicory, bbls ... 10
Potatoes, sks ... 1,419 Quicksilver, flsks. 24r>
Beans, ska 429 Leather, rolls 229
Wool, sks 2ft. Hides 4(H>
Hay. tons 472 Sugar, ctls 3,723
Flour, qr sks... S.4.S4! Onions, sks ..... 4&>
Oats, ctls 160 Bran, sks 3,640
Potatoes, sks — 8.40S 1
4%fC5e: grease. 3«3%o.
W -°£i'~:? omlna *' market practically bare.
HOPS— 11©12c for fair and 12%®14c per lb
for good to choice. Local dealers quote 15®
17 %c for shlssaent. i
San Francisco Meat Market.
Mutton and Lamb are higher, having bwomt
scarce since the rains. Beef and Veal stand
about u before, with Beef firm. Hogs ar»
firmer, as receipts are lighter, and the- packer*
ar» rather expecting an advance.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ax* aa follows:
BEEF — 6%©7%c for Steers aad «©7c per H>
for Cows.
.VEAL— Earge. 7%CS%c; small, 8%©0%c per
pound.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@9%e; Ewes, 8O9o per
pound.
LAMB — Yearlings. 10©llc per lb: Spring
Lamb, 14<gl3c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. 7% ©9c per n*.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for rood sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, leas 50 per
cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%®9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4%©5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%®8c; Ewes, 8%©4c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. (2 BC£2 73 per
head, or 5%®6c per lb llvewefcht; yearlings,
4%®5c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 8Q
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 5%®5%c; feeders, 5%c;
sows. 20 per cent off; boars, 30 per cent off,
and stags, 40 per cent off from, ths above* quo
tations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; Saa
Quentln, 6.55c; Wool Bags, 82935c; Fleece
Twine. 7%®8c.
CANNED ASPARAGUS — Th» California
Fruit Canners' Association quotes the following
prices for 1902, cer case. 2 dozen cans to tha
case: Mammoth White, S2 50@3 75; Largo
White, $2-g;j 75; Medium White, $173@2t>5;
Small White, $1 60; Mammoth Green, ?2 65®
3 65; Large Green. $2®2 90; Medium Green,
$1 75f 2 50; Small Green, |1 60.
CANNED FRUITS — Tha California Fruit
Canners quote as follows, in 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples. SI 06@l 45; Apricots, S1&-1 60; Peaches,
yellow, SI 20® 1 65; do. Lemon Cling. $1 3O&>
1 75; Bart leu Fears, *l 25@1 73; Plums. 90ca.'
$1 25; Nectarines, SVQX 50; Muscat Grapes, 95c
@$1 35; Quinces, |1 10@l 63; Strawberries, $1 30
@1 75; Blackberries. $1 30® 1 6a
COAL— Wellington, (9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle. $ti 50: Bryant, IS 60;
Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. 18 50:
Co-operative Wallsend. $3 60; Cumberland. $12
In bulk and $13 23 in sacks; Pennsylvania An
thracite Egg. ; "Welsh Anthracite, $14;
Cannel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
IS 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
CORDAGE — Tha local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila, 18% c per lb;
Sisal size. 12ftc; Bale Rope. 12fto for Sisal
and 16%c for Manila; Duplex, llftc. Terms,
6O days, or 1% per cent cash discount. Lots
of 10.000 lba lo less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, j»r lb, 3%c;
cases. Regular. 4c; cases. Extra Large, 4ftc;
cases. Eastern style. 6ft c; Bonelesa. 4* 4 c;
"Norway," 5c; "Narrow Gauge." 6ftc; "Silver
King," 6%c; Blocks. "Orientals." 5ftc; Blocks.
"Seabright," 6c; Tablets. 6%c; Middles. 6%©
7%c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Bonelessy 8c; 2-l'o
boxes. Fancy Boneless, 7@8c: Desiccated, per
dozen. 75c; Pickled Cod. barrels, each. $7;
Pickled Cod, half barrels, each $4.
COFFEE — Costa Rica, — 14@15c for strictly
prime to fancy washed; 11%®12%c for prims
washed; 10%@llo for good washed: — ©13c for
strictly good washed peaberry; 9%@10%c for
fair to prime washed peaberry: 9%@10c for fair
to prims peaberry; 10@llc for good to prime:
8%@9fto for fair; 6@7%c for common to ordi
nary.
Salvador — 12%®13c . for strictly prime
washed; 10%®12c for good to prime washed;
O-glOc for fair washed; 10%@ll%c for good to
prime washed peaberry: 9%@10c for good to
prime semi-washed; 9@9ftc for superior un
washed; 8ft@8%c for good green unwashed;
0@9?ic for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
6@7c for common to ordinary.
Nicaragua — 12@15c for prime to fancy
washed; 9%@llc for fair to strictly good
washed; 8 ft ©9c for good to superior unwashed;
0@9%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican — 13@15%c for prime
to fancy washed; 11%@12%c for strictly good
-washed ll@ll 5 ic for good washed; 9%<®10"io
for fair washed: SS9c for medium; 6@7%c fur
inferior to ordinary: 10%312c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 9%iSJ10c for good to
prime unwashed peaberry; 8ft@9c for good to
superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 20@32c: extra
heavy. 30® 40c per lb: medium, 27@29c: light.
24@2t5c; Rough Leather. 26@2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35@39c for No. 1 and 30@;>3o
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 20@;>oc;
Skirting, No. 1, 4C^42c; No. 2. 36@38c: Col
lar Leather. 15@16c per foot: Trace Leather.
40@44c; Kip. unfinished. 4C@50c per lb; Veal,
finished. ie@17c per foot; Belt Knife Splits.
14@16c; Rough Splits. 8"?10e per lb.
TANBARK — Ground, $25®23 per ton; Stick.
llB'plS per cord. -
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No. 1.
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled.
76c; raw, 74c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 66c for
boiled and 64c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extra winter strained, barrels. 85c; cases. 9Cc;
China Nut, 57%'g6Sc per gallon; pure Neats
foot, in barrels, 70c; cases. 75c: Sperm, pure,
63c: Whale Oil, natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and
5S%c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk.
13%c; Peart Oil, in cases. 20c; Astral. 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star, 24c: Elaine, 23c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 13c: in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases.
20%c: S6-degree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; in
cases. 26Vic.
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
61c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7©
7%e per lb; White Lead. C%®7%c. according
to quantity.
SALT — Liverpool. $30<332 50 for the best and
$26@27 60 for factory filled. Domestic — Imita
tion Liverpool. $25 23(327; H. R. H.. $20 25®
27: California Dairy, 50-lb bags. $25326: Rock
Salt. $17 60<®19 60. according to quantity:
Granulated. $2. r » 50^27 per ton.
QUICKSILVER— S47@48 per flask for local
use and $44@45 50 for export.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in 100-ll»
bags: Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered. 4.33c: Candy Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c: Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;.
Confectioners' A. 4.23c: Magnolia A, 3.85c:
Extra C. 3.73c; Golden C. 3.65c: "D."
3.55c; barrels. 10c more; half-barrels. 23c more:
boxes. 50e more; 50-lb bags. 10c more, for alt
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 73
barrels, or its equivalent.
LUMBER — Retail prices are aa follows:
Pine ordinary sizes. $18019 50; extra sizes,
higher- Redweod. $19(^22: Lath, 4 feet, $3 90a
4; Pickets. $1!>: Shlnales. $2 for No. 1 and $1 73
for No. 2: Shakes. $13 for spUt and $14 for
sawn: Rustic. ?25®31.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Marcn 11.— Wheat unchanged.
Bluestem, 66c; club, 60c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. March Jl. —Wheat — WalU
Walla, 65©65%c; bluestem, W%C87c
Northern Wheat. Market.
GAME— Hare, $1(91 60; Rabbita, $1 50 for
Cottontails and $1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $32
3 50; White Geese, 51® 1 25; Brant, fl 60<S2
per dozen; Honkers, $33>4 60; English Snipe,
J-JS3 50; Jack Snipe. $1 50® 2. -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 13014c for Gob
blers and 18@16c for Hens; Geese, per pair.
SI 50@l 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks, $5©6
for old and $8 50@8 for young; Hens, $4 50
®5 60: young Roosters. $6 5007 60; old Roos
ters, $4 25@4 -60; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broilers.
$5@5 CO for large and $3 50@4 60 . for small:
Pigeon*. $1 60 per dozen for old and $2 759
8 for Squabs.
Another car of Eastern Poultry w*» placed
on the market yesterday, making the second
for the week and on* ear Is scheduled for to
day's market Receipt* of California Poultry
were heavy, belnc e-v«r 100 coops, but the mar
ket waa nevertheless strong; and all descrip
tions were firm at the quotations. Young
Ducks, Squabs and " small Broilers were es
pecially firm and higher.
Game met with ready aal« at the quotations.
Thirty-eight sacks came in.
Poultry and Game.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Conditions of the
evaporated apsle market remain unchanged.
Trade for the day was quiet, with the tone
about steady. State, common to good,, were
quoted at 7itf8%c;. prime, 9@9ftc; choice, 9%@
10c; fancy, 10ft@llc.
California dried fruits continue to «how
strength and activity generally. Prunes are !n
active demand, with higher ideas among hold
ers. Supplies are fair. Apricots and peaches
are having a good Jobbing trade and are firm.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal. 10014c; Moorpark, 11
@12%c.
.PEACHES— Peeled, 14®18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
DRIED FRUITS,
NEW ,TORK. March 11.— FLOUR— Receipts.
8277 barrels; exports, 8358 barrels. Quiet but
steadily held at former prices. Winter extras,
$3 20(33 30. . /
WHEAT — Receipts, 25,755 bushels; exports.
101,310 bushels. Suot was easier. -No. 2 red,
86%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red. 84ftc elevator;
No. 1 Northern Duluth, S5c f. o. b. afloat; No.
1 haid Manitoba, 87%c f. o. b. afloat. Options
were unsettled and generally weak. Although
more bullish than expected, the Government
report on farm reserves | was more than offset
by fine weather lh the Southwest, and the
crowd being loaded up, produced heaviness,
with a sharp decline in prices. On the break
exporters were good buyers. The close was
weak at %c net decline. March closed at
,82ftc; May, S2ig>S3i /B c. closed 82%c; July, 82%
@S3ftc. closed 82%c; September closed 81%c.
HOPS — Dull.
HIDES— Dull.
WOOL — Quiet.
SUGAR — Raw. steady; fair ' refining, 8%c;
centrifugal. 96 test, 4%c; molasses sugar, 2%c;
refined dull.
COFFEE — The coffee market closed quiet,
with prices net unchanged. Total sales, 12,500
bass, including: March B.20c; May, 5.40c;
September, 5.75c; October, 5.80c; December,
5.95c. Spot Rio dull; No. 7 invoice, 5%c; mild
dull; Cordova, 8@12c.
New York Grain and Produce!
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Mutton and Lamb advanced. Beef and Veal unchanged.
Hogs in smaller receipt and firmer.
Potatoes and Onions undianged.
Vegetables in larger receipt and lozver.
Poultry in liberal receipt, but firm.
Oranges firm under light stocks. Lemons firmer.
Bananas lozver under larger offerings.
New York Exchange considerably lozver.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Wheat and Barley zueaker. Oats, Corn and Rye linn.
71 ay and Feedstuff s easy, but no lozver.
Colored Beans firm and zvhite kinds weak.
Butter easy and coming in more freely. Cheese plentiful.
Eggs doing ratlicr better again at the low prices.
Dried Fruits shozv an advancing tendency.
J\ r uts, Raisins and Honey firm.
Provisions unchanged and quoted very dull.
Wcol stocks momentarily exhausted. Hops firm]
Hides very dull. Tallow scarce and firm. -
WASHINGTON, March -11. —To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows : Avail
able cash balances. 5177,417,142; gold, $»3,454,
813. •
Condition of the Treasury.
Canadian Pacific .. 3,200 112 ft 111% 112%
Canada Southern .. 200 87% 87% 87
Chesapeake & Ohio 500 45% 45% - 45%
Chi6 & Alton.. 400 35% 35% 35%
Chic & Alton pfd... 200 75% 75 75
ChJc Ind & Louts.. 1.100 63% <W ; 6.Jft
Chic Ind & L pfd.. , 400 79 78 78
Chic & East 111 200 158% 158 ft 150%
Chic & Great West. 1,600 24% 23% 24
Chic &G W A pfd. 200 87% 87% 87
Chic & G W B pfd. ..«%
Chic & Northwest. 2,000 229 227 226
Chic RI & Pac 2,050 168% 167 167%
Chic Ter & Tr..... 6.100 19% 18 18%
Chic Ter &Tr pfd 11,500 37% 34% 36ft
C C C & St Louis.. .... 100
Colorado Southern. 32,000 28% 27% 27%
Colo Sou Ist pfd... 3,000 72ft 70% 71%
Colo Sou 2d pfd.... 13,800 46% 43ft 45
Del & Hudson 700 171 ft 170 170
Del Lack & West .... 278
Denver & JFt G 42ft
Denver &R G pfd. 100 90% 90% 90%
Erie . 14.900 36% 35»i 35*6
Erie Ist pfd 0,000 67% 66% 66%
Erie 2d pfd........ 600 54% 53% 53%
] Great Northern pfd ; 100 187% 182% 183'
Hocking Valley ... 100 68 08 68%
Hocking Val pfd.. 300 83% 83% 83%
Illinois Central ... 600 139% 139 ft 130 ft
lowa Central 2,400 50% 49% 49%
lowa Central pfd... 700 85 84 81%
Lake Erie & West . •••• 6. ft
Lake E& W pfd.. .... 29
Louisville & Nash. 1.400 103% 103% 103 ft
Manhattan L 18.600 129 ft 128% 128 ft
Metropolitan St Ry 200 167 ft 167 167 '
Mexican Central... 19.300 30% 29% 29%
Mexican National.. 16,500 20% 19% 20^
Minn & St Louis... 100 111 111 110%
Missouri Facinc .. 19,800 95% 96% ,95ft
Mo Kan & Tex 2,400 24ft 24% 2±Mt
Mo Kan & Tex pfd 300 53ft -53ft 53%
N J Central 188'
N V Central 2,700 162% 161% 161%
Norfolk & West. ... 600.56% 56ft 56ft
Norfolk & W pfd.. ...... .... .... 00%
Ontario & West... 2.900 32% 32 32
Pennsylvania 12,000 151% 150% 151
Reading 19,900 53 52% 52%
Reading Ist pfd... 400 80% 80 , «9%
Reading 2d pfd.... 10.400 65ft 64% 64%
StL&SF 1.500 60% 60% 60%
StL & S F Ist pfd: ..... 83
St L&S F 2d pfd. 5,500 72 71% il%
St L Southwest 100 25 25 25
St L Southwest pfd 400 56 56 56
St Paul 23,700 163% 162% 163 ft
St Paul pfd ••¦• 18?%
Southern Facinc .. 13,800 64ft 63% 6,4%
Southern Railway.. 1,000 32% 32ft 32ft
Southern Ry pfd... 1,600 95ft 95 05
Texas & Pacific... 500 30%' 39 , 39%
Tol St L & West.. 1,200 22% 22 22
Tol St L& W pfd. 300 40ft 39% ot)%
Union Pacific 12,300. 98% 98% 08 %
Union Paclric pfd.. 1,200 87 86% 86? i
¦Wabash 3,500 2:5% 22% 23
TVabaeh pfd 1,300 42Vs 41% 41%
Wheel &L E 100 19 19 .19
W & L E 2d pfd 30Vi
Wisconein Central. 39,400 23% 21% 2:5?!,
Wisconsin Cent pfd 17,700 45ft 43 45
Express companies — :
Adams 202
American .' 22a
United States H-
Wells-Fargo 1 90
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper 21.900 69ft. 68 68%
Am Car & Founds 1,800 31 30<& 30%
Am Car & Foun pf 200 S9ft 88% B'Jft
Am Linseed Oil 21
Am Linseed Oil pfd 100 55% 55% 52
Am Locomotive 900 32% 31% 31%
Am .Locomotive pf I 92ft
Am Smelt & Refln. 1,100 46% 4G\A AH\k
Am Smelt & R pfd. 900 99% > 98% 95%
Anaconda Mm ,Co. 1,400 33 32% 31
Brooklyn Rap Tran 3,800 63% 62% W%
Colo Fuel & Irbn.. 3,800 94 92% 9:i
Consolidated Gas.. 1,300 219 ft 219 210
Continental Tob pf 117 ft
General Electric... 200 295% 298% 208%
Glucose Sugar 100 45 45 43
Hocking Coal IC%
Internat Paper ' 39%
1 Internat Pap pfd .... '76
Internatnal Power. 87
Laclede Gas ... 87
National Biscuit... .... .... 47%'
National Lead 100 17 17 1(1%
North American... 700 97 96 90
Pacific Coast 100 74ft 74ft 74
Pacific Mail 100 48% 48 48%
People's Gas 13.500 101% 99% 101
Pressed Steel Car. 100 40 40 39%
Pressed St Car pfd 200 83 ft S3 82 -fe
Pullman Pal Car. . 230
Republic Steel 3,000 18% 17% 17
Republic Steel pfd. 1,400 73 72% 72%
Sugar 12.800 127% 126 127%
Term Cnal & Iron.. 6,800 CB% 67% 67%
Union Bag &P Co ICO ' loij 15% 15ft
Union Bag & P pfd ¦ 70
U S Leather 800 lift lift 11%
17 S Leather pfd.. 400 82 82 - 81%
U S Rubber 15
U S Rubber pfd... 500 56 56 56
U S Steel 32,400 42% 41% 41%
U.S Steel pfd 18.300 94% . 93% 93%
Western Union ....' 300 90% 90% 90%
Total sales 554.800
NEW YORK BONDS.
V S ref 2s reg...109 L, & N unlf 45. ..101%
L" S ref 2s c0up.. 109% Mexican Cen 45.. 82%
17 S3s reg 109 ft Do Ist mc .... 33%
U S 3s coup 109 ft Minn & St L 45.. 103%
U S new 4s reg. l39ft M X & T 4s 99%
IJ S new 4s coup.l3!)^B Do 2ds 82
U S old 434 3 reg...llU, N V Central .15t5.103%
U S old 4s coup.. 112% Do gen 3>£5...108
U S 5s rex 106% N J Cen Ken 55. 137
U S 5s coup ...106% Northern Pac 4s. 1059*
Atchison gen 45. 105 ft Do 3s .... 74%
Do adj 4S4 S 93% Norf & W con 45.103%
Btl & Ohio 45... 104 ft Reading gen 45:.. 99
Do 3%s 96 St L V IM en 55.118
Do cony 4a ...106 St LA: S F 45... 95%
Canada South 2ds.lOSft St LS W lsts. .. 98%
Central of Ga 55.110% Do 2d s ....... 79
Do Ist mc 78 San A& A P 4s. 91
Ches & Ohio 4%5.107% Southern Pac 45.. 95
Chi & Alton 3%5. 84 Southern Ry 5s ..121
C B & Q new 4s. 95% Texas & Pac lsts. 120%
7 M & St P gn 45.114 ft Tol St L & W 4s. 85%
C & N W con "5.137% Union Pacific 45.. 105%
C R I & P 45... 11 l Do cony 4s 105%
C C C&St Lgn 45.104 jWabash lsts 118%
Chi Terminal 4s. 87% Do 2ds 11l
Colo & South 45.. 94% Do deb B .... 73
Denver & R G 45.102% West Shore 45... 113
Erie prior Hen 4s. 94% W & L Erie 45.. 91%
Do gen 4s 87% Wisconsin Cen 4s. 90\
Ft W & D C 15t5.113% Con Tob 4s 63
Hocking Val 4%5.105%|
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 25 Little Chief 11
Alice 45 Ontario 7 75
Breece •• >.... 50 Ophlr ug
Brunswick Con... 16 Phoenix ... ...... 06
Comstock Tunnel.. 03 Potosi ; OS
Con Cal & Va....l 25 Savage ... 05
Deadwood Terra . . 50 Sierra Nevada .... l*>
Horn Silver . .... .1 40 Small Hopes '47
Iron Silver ... 72 Standard ..3 30
Leadville Con "OS
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ' United Fruit ... 3k 92 \
Call loans . ...3%<g4 Westlnghse com., yift
Time loans ...4 @4% Mining; —
Bonds — Adventure ... .... 22%
Atchison 4s^ 102 ft Allouez 4ft
Gas lsts 84 Amalgamated ... CB%
Mexican Cen 45.. 81 Baltic ... .'......•47 ft
N E Gas & Coke. 58 Bingham ... 25
Railroads — Cal & Hecla 615
Atchison 74% Centennial ...... 24ft
Do pfd 05%, Copper Range ... 71%
Boston & Albany. 26s Dominion Coal ...104ft
Boston & Maine. 194 Franklin ... .... 13'
Boston Elevated . . 165 Isle Royale 19 14
NYN H & H..219 Mohawk ..." .... 35
Fltchburg pfd ..147 Old Dominion ... 20ft
Union Pacific . . . 98% Osceola 65
Mexican Central. 25% Parrot '30%
Miscellaneous — Quincy ... ;135
American Sugar.. 127 ft Santa Fe Copper. 3*l
Do pfd 117 Tamarack ... ...190
Am Tel & Te1.... 162% Trimountaln .... 98
Dom Iron & Steel. 35% Trinity ... ..... 15%
General Electric. 297% United States ... 18ft
Mass Electric ... 36ft Utah ..... . 22%
Do pfd 96% Victoria ........ C
N. E Gas & Coke*. 5 Winona ...'..... ISi
U S Steel 41% Wolverine ... ... 54
Do pfd : 93% I
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Con. for money 93 15-18 M X & T.. ...... 24%
Consols for acct.: »4% M X & T pfd.... 56%
Anaconda .". C% New York Cent.. l 66
Atchison 77 Nor & Western.. 57%
Atchison pfd 98% Nor & West pfd., 92
Bait & 0hi0.. .;.. 107 Ont & Western.. 33ft
Canadian Pac... 115% Southern Ry., ... 33
Ches & 0hi0..'... 46ft Southern Ry pfd. 97ft
Chi Gt Western.. 24 •• Southern Pac 65ft
CM& St P 167 Union Pacific. . . ..101%
D & R G ;.. 44ft Union Pac pfd... 89
D & R G pfd 93% U S Steel ..43%
Erie ¦ 37ft U S Steel pfd 96%
Erie Ist pfd.... ...69Vi Wabash ....: 23%
Erie 2nd. pfd 55% Wabash pff1.... .. 43
111 Central .142% Spanish Fours.... 76%
L& N ..........106% ; . %
Bar Silver, steady, 25% d per -ounce: Money,
2%@3 per cent. ;.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. • " v ;. • ¦
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months', bills is 2 9-16 per cent.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., March 11. — CATTLE —
Receipts, 1800. Steady; natives, $4 75(06 75;
cows and heifers, $4 75@5 60; veals. $3@5 75;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@5 15.
HOGS— Receipts, 8200. Market 5@ 10c high
er. Light and light mixed, $5 35@6 30; pigs,
(3 50@4 75. <
SHEEP— Receipts, 1550. Steady; -Western,
?*@i> 75.
CHICAGO, March 11.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4000. Steady,- unchanged, to. prime steers,
nominal, $6 60@7; poor to : medium. $4@6 30;
stockers and feeders, $2 50®5 25; cows. 31 250
6 60; heifers, $2 50@5 75; canners, $1 25@2 40:
bulls, $2 50@4 t>5; calves, S3® 6 50; Texas fed
steers, §4 75@5 90.
HOGS— Receiptsi to-day, 23,000; to-morrow,
40,000 estimated; left over, 3500. 6@10c higher.
Mixed and butchers, $5 95@6 40; good to choice
heavy, $6 30@6 47%; rough heavy, . $6@6 25;
light. $5 85@6 15; bulk of sales, $6@ff30.
SHEEP — Receipts, 10,000. Lambs, best
steady and strong. Good to choice wethers.
$4 50@5 25; fair" to choice. $3 75(84 40; Western
sheep, $4 60@6 85; native lambs, ?4@6 50; West
ern lambs, $5 25@6 60.
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
LONDON. March 11.— The wool ¦ sales were
postponed to-day owing to. the fog.- . -
London ' Wool Sales.
Rio Tintos were dull. Copper sold at £53%
the ton. The reverse sustained by General
Methuen is expected to mean the prolongation
o£ the war and more borrowing of funds.
Gold to the amount of £26,000 has been re
ceived from Holland. ¦ • ¦ ¦ '
An ' incident of the day was the act of a
speculative -jobber- in Kaffirs, who shot him
self.
heavy on the • reverse In South Africa, but on
canards that Botha, Dewet and Delarey had
been captured there' was considerable bearing
covering of Kaffirs. ' : American shares opened
above parity, but were stagnant till New York
opened dull. ; > . ¦ _¦ :. ; - : .
lots ¦ of - fine territory wools are quoted at 48c
scoured, while good staple lots command 60c
Fine medium territory wools are quoted on the
basis of 44@45c scoured.
There is little- doing: in Australian wools,
available offerings being very light.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. extra fancy.
22%c per lb; 15@20c for No. 1 and 10<3>12%e
for No. 2; Rhubarb. 6@9c; Green Peas, from
Los Angeles. ; Bay Peas. T@8c; String
Beans, from Los Angeles, -. including
"Wax: Cabbage, 40c per cU; Los Angeles Toma
toes, 75c@$l 25 per box and $1@1 50 per crate;
Mexican Tomatoes. 75c@$l 25 per box for re
packed; Dried Peppers. 10@llc per Jo:*; 0 , 9
Angeles do. 13@17%c; Dried Okra. 12%@20c
per Ib; Carrots. 35@50c per sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, $1@1 60 per dozen; Garlic, l%p
2%c; Los Angeles Green Peppers. -; Mexi
can do. 10®15c; Egg Plant from Los Angelee.
; Summer Squash from Los Angeles, $1
@1 25; Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $10; Mushrooms, S313c per lb.
POTATOES— $1 10@l 30 *or Burbanka from
the river; Oregon Burbanks. $1 35@1 »0; Ore
gon Garnet Chiles, $1 35©1 50; Kiver RedJ
$1 50@l 60; Early Rose, for seed, $1 »o: smaU
Burbanks. for seed, $1 25@1 40; Sweets, $1 60®
1 60 for Merceds. „ - . . "
ONIONS— Oregons. $1 75@2 15, first hands;
Australian. $3@3 25; Green Onions, 50@60c per
box.
steamer arrived yesterday with 8408 ski Pota
toes and 485 sks Onions. Few sales were made
on the dock and the market was quiet. Seed
Potatoes aro lower under plentiful supplies.
Receipts of Asparagus were 111 bxs - and
prices were lower with very little. extra fancy
stock affering. Prices on. Rhubarb took _ a
wider range under heavier receipts. 202 bxs
being received. There were no Vegetables re
ceived from Lo« Angeles, but some carrled-over
stock of Summer Squash and Tomatoes were
offering at the quotations. Receipts of Pea*
from Alameda County were 43 sks and sales
wera reported In a small way at 9@10c per lb.
Mushrooms are doing better under light re
ceipts. _''£"' * ;_¦'¦ .
THE SA^T FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAECH 12, 1902.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Continued on Page Eleven.
Oceanic Steamship was higher on the morn-
8
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION !_AUCTM !
Stock of the Flores
Hale arid Company.
By order of MRS. ANAIS HALE. rtml?>*r
tratrlx of the estate of JOSEPH P. HAL*.,
deceased, we will sell at fcuction on Friday.
March 21. 1902. at 12:15 p. m.. at room 24
Chronicle building, flfty-nlne thousand nint*
hundred and ninety^ (59. 99u) shares of the cap-
ital stock of the Florea Hale & Company. 1 ne
property of the Flores Halo & Company con-
sists of four million (4,000,000.) acres of land
in Lower California. .. . „
Terms of sale: Ten' per cent on the rail
of the hammer, the balance on confirmation
of the sale by the Superior Court of the city
and county of San Francisco. State of Califor-
nia, and delivery of a bill of sale. _ .
McGLYNN & M-ENTON. .
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
¦ • Chronicle Building.
-fia fe £a
AUCTION SALE
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
25 head of trotters and pacers; as good as ever
offered at public auction, and must be sold
without reserve at the Mascot Stable. 1106 and
110S Golden Gate ave. Pedigrees and descrlp-
Uon i given day of sale, FRIDAY. March 14th.
at 10 a. m.- STOLEN SOCKS FOUND.— Ten dozen pair*
of new wjeks were found by customs inspect
ors yesterday concealed In the crew's quar
ters of the *teatner Palfna. The socks had
been stolen from the cargo.
TAUGHT IN THE ACT. — William Daley
¦was arrested early yesterday mornlnp by Offi
cer F. T- Flynn as he was ondcavoringr to ef
fect an entrance into a saloon at Sixth and
Folsom streets. He was charged with burglary.
DEATH CAME SUDDENLY.— Richard J.
Pyburn was found - unconscious yesterday at
tbe corner of KJxth and Howard streets and
died ¦ a few minutes after he was removed to
tne Central Emergency Hospital. . He- was
afflicted with heart disease. His relatives
recide in Brooklvn, N. Y.
«5IEM FUES FOIt DAMAGES.— Henry Siom
broupht a suit for 525.000 damages against F.
C Talbot yesterday. Siem, who i* employed
l,y Talbot. alleges that . the latter. • with the
Rid ' of his coachman, attacked him and beat
him severely at the Kan Leandro home if the
Talbots.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
ST. VINCENT. C V— Arrived prior . to March
11 — Stmr Salfordia, from Tacoma, for Europe.
BROWHEAp — Passed March. 11 — Stmr
Oceartic, from New York, 1 for Queenstown and
Liverpool. - ' . ¦¦! -
ROTTERDAM — Arrived March 11 — Stmr
Itottrrdam, from New York, via Boulogne-
Bcr-Mcr. ' .
OCEAN STEAMERS
ASTORIA— Sailed March 11— Schr Alcalde,
for San Francisco. . . '
8EATTLK— Sailed March , 10— Sehr ; Maid or
Orleans, for Falrhaven. ¦ ¥ .{&£*&)
' Arrived March 11 — Br strnr Oceano. . from
Tacoma. - , '¦ £8S9%.' )"'. ¦
DOMESTIC ¦ PORTS
Late Shipping Intelligence.
..ARRIVED.
¦ Tuesday, '. March' 11.
| Stmr Crescent City, Payne. 29 hours' from
Crescent City. • ¦ ¦¦ ¦<
Bktn Gleaner, -Schmehl, 8*4- days from Co
lumbia River. . , ; -¦¦¦"¦
Benediction, Otaen, 12 days from Port
Blakcky.
In compliance with 'a i resolution passed
by the Board of Supervisors County Cleric
Mahony submitted, yesterday an esti»
mate of the expense and revenue of hli
office for the next. fiscal year. ; Salarle©
will consume $76,600: jurors and witnesses
In criminal cases. $35,000; printing, books
and supplies. $3500; printing transcripts,
$3000: total, $118,100. The estimated* revenue
is $86,500, of • which" $35,000 is from Police
Court fines; Superior Court, fines, $3500;
fees/ $48,000. ¦.¦ r /• ./ •"
..The City Attorney says that ho will
need $21,950 to conduct his office.
Needs of City Offices.
* Emil;, Schudel, proprietor of \ the New
Star Bakery, at the corner of Twenty-sec
ond'and Capp " streets, ! swore out a war
rant ! yesterday {for the ; arrest of Leo V.
Stuffier on 'a charge of grand larceny. He
alleges that" he lef t ¦'. Stuffier in • charge of
the bakery Monday and that during his
absence Stuffier stole from, his' bureau
drawer'?460 in coin, a gold watch and a
r!ng...;Stuffler has disappeared.
Schudel's Confidence Is Betrayed
Benevolent Association's Officers.
At the annual meeting of the San Fran
cisco Benevolent Society the following of
ficers were elected for tho current term:
George H. Buckingham, president; R.- A.
Beeching. secretary: . I. J. Truman, treas
urer; N. P. Cole, Sheldon G. Kellogg, Jo
seph S. Bpear Jr., L. H. Boncstell, Thom
as P. Woodward. John A. B. Wilson. Am
brose Harris and W. H.; Little, trustees.
CINCINNATI, March . 11.— William H.
Taft, Governor of the Philippines, under
went a surgical operation to-day at the
Jewish hospital In this city, as he has
contemplated ever since his consultation
with an expert in New York immediately
after his return to this country. The op
eration is not regarded as serious, and it
was successfully . performed. The patient
in reported as doing nicely. He will be in,
the hospital perhaps three weeks.
Taft Undergoes an. Operation
The Supreme Court on examination has
admitted the f olowing : named applicants
to the bai* : of California: V J. S. Meyer,
Frederick Fette Jr., B. A. Martin, C. W.
Haycock, W. H. Morrise--, L. H. Albert
son. A.' C. Russ, James Wylie. E. E. Mc-
Farland, J. B. Irish. J. K.' Burnett. 11; Li.'
Wolff, C. B. Glllespie. J. V. Coffey. G. S.
Gould Jr.. A R. \ Bogie, J. W. S. - Butler,
Lloyd Baldwin, . W H. Springfield. M. ¦ J.
Gheatham, B., S. Taylor, M. C. -Decarli.
Julius Dimmer. C.G.Kuster, B. F. Hill
house,. A. W. 'May, J. T. Nourse and E.
M. Rltter/ ¦ ¦ v - :- ':
Admitted to the Bar.
Henry Newman, founder of Columbia
Lodge of the Independent Order of B'nai
B'rith and for many years its secretary,
died Monday last, after a short illness.
He was 76 years of age and a native of
Bavaria. The funeral will take place- to
day under the auspices of Columbia
J-odge from the residence of his daughter,
Mrs J J. Frank, 1807 Laguna street.
Death of Henry Newman.
The funeral will take place this morn
ing^ from Mission Dolores Church. The
Interment will be at Holy Cross Cemetery.
Funeral of John.J. Carroll
-John J. Carroll, a member of the firm
of Louis Taussig & Co., wholesale liquor
dealers,' died. at his residence, '631 Guer
rero street, on . Monday evening after a
brief illness. .
The deceased was a native of this city.
45 years of age, and leaves a wife and
three daughters. - He was a member of
Hesperian Parlor, N. S. G. W., and Iena
tlan Council. Y. M. I.
George Lane and Frank Bowers ara
members of the Barbers' Union. Bowers
fell sick some weeks ago and lodged a
claim with the union for : sick ( benefits.
When the matter came up Lane declared
that Bowers had not been sick and that
he had been attending to his business dur
ing-the time he claimed he was ill. Bow
ers' claim was accordingly thrown . out.
Monday, night Bowers met Lane at a
meeting of the union and attacked him,
striking him several times on the face.
Lane secured a' warrant yesterday for
Bowers' arrest on a charge of battery. .
Barbers Have a Fight.
Found Money in S«wer.
Police Officers Reihle and O'ConneH,
aided by employes of the Board of Pub
lic Works, yesterday found a $20 gold
pice in the sewer at the corner of Fif
teenth and Mission streets, where it was
thrown In their flight by Yeo and Gray,
the footpads who held up two men at the
corner of Fifteenth street and Julian ave
nue Sunday night. The men who were
robbed reported that this money was a
portion of* the amount stolen from them.
ST. PETERSBURG. March 11.— The Bank' of
St. Petersburg: at , Azov is insolvent. The Gov
ernment han taken charge of its adairs.
The Very Rev. Father. Patrick Scanlan
of St. Joseph's Parish.'- San Francisco,
celebrated a solemn requiem mass, as
sisted by the Rev. Father "Brady, as
deacon; the. Rev. Father Gannon of Rio
Vista, as subdeacon, and the Rev. Father
Slattery of v> Napa, as master of cere
monies. The Rev. Father Peter C.Torke
of San Francisco delivered the: funeral
oration. 1 .
SACRAMENTO, March 11.— The funeral
of the late Rev.- Father John Leahy, a
member of the household of the^ Right
Rev. • Bishop Grace of . the Sacramento
diocese, took place from the Cathedral of
th^ Blessed Sacrament in this city this
morning. There was a> large, attendance
of sorrowing friends and parishioners.
Many beautiful. floral pieces covered the
casket, almost hiding its-outlines. -
Mourn at the Bier of the v
f Priest.
Sorrowing Friends and Parishioners
FUNERAL - OF THE LATE -
FATHER JOHN LEAHY
Heated by alcohol, kept hot by benzine, Is
the latest fad. Our pyrography or ben
zine outfits arc the best that can be had.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Burned by Benzine,
A similar charge made against Police
man John Mullen wm diFmiseed. The of-
Jicer gave cliase after a man who struck
down a woman named Mclntyre, and in
order to Ftop him fired into the air.
Policrman John T. La r irk man. charged
with discharging his revolver at a sus
pected footpad, gave testimony and the
matter was laid over one week. >
Th^ applications of the Cafe Royal and
the Baldwin Annex for a renewal of their
llquor licenses were made by Attorney
A.ch, representing both parties, before the
Police Commission last night. After tes
timony and reference to the character of
the places had been heard, the Commig
fcioners took the matter under advisement.
The board will render its decision next
week. . •
Delay Action on License Matters.
ALEXANDRIA. March 11.— The White Star
line steamer Celtic, having on board a party of
American tourists, arrived here to-day from
Calffa, Palestine. The heavy sea running de
layed the disembarkation of the passengers
TOSEYVILLE, Ind.. March 11.— The safe in
the bank of Bozeman & Waters vaa blown open
by robbers early to-day, who carried away
about $3500 in money. The robbers escaped
LONDON. March 11.— The Transvaal Cham
ber of Mines reports that the output of sold
from 'Wltwatersrand for the month of Febru
ary was 81,405 ounces. '
FORT SCOTT. Kans., March It.—Congress
man J. D. Bowersock was renomlnated to-day
by the Republican Convention of the Second
District. .
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
FREMONT, Nebr.," March 11.— Fire to-day
destroyed the entire newspaper and job plant
of the Tribune Company. Loss $15,000.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, March 11.— The following
named Californians have arrived: From
San Francisco— Ed Bauer, at the Herald
Square; G. A. Boyer, at the Hoffman; W.
Honnold. A. C. Paulsmeier. at the Im
perial; J. C. Aschen. at the- Broadway
Central; S. Silverberg and wife, at the
Savoy; T. J. Tatten, at the Albert; J.
Wright and wife, at the Delevan.
SAN JOSE, March U.— The Eugene
bowling team of San Francisco took four
of the five games played with the Garden
City team here to-night, winning by 18i
points. Total scores: Kugenes, 4212; Gar
den K City, 4028. •- • ..¦ '. f
-? 1 —
Eugene Bowling Team -Wins.
Mule Wrecked an Engine.
PASADENA, Mar%;h*ll.— A Santa Pe
engine was derailed and thrown on - Its
side a wreck at an early hour this morn
ing by a collision with a mule.near.the
Raymond . Hotel. The engineer and fire
man jumped, just in time to save their
lives. The engine and tender caught fire
and their woodwork was burned. Strange
to say. the mule was killed.
Saunders Jeft Redding several weeks
ago to accompany his aged mother,
Mrs. L. H. Transon, to her former home
in Humboldt, Tenn., and started . back to
Redding last Tuesday. He had arranged
to telegraph to his brothers from points
along the route. No messages. have ar
rived. The name of Walter Saunders
does not appear in the lists sent out, but
unlisted victims are known to . have ' per
ished in the: wreck. •
REDDING, March 11.— There is a grow
ing fear that Walter Saundors, a well
known citizen of Redding, was killed in
the Texas train wreck of last Saturday.
His two brothers. Frank and William
Saunders, are .telegraphing to various
points. Walter Saunders has been traced
into Texas, aboard tbe ill-fated train, and
there lost sight of. ¦
MAY HAVE LOST LIFE :
IN THE TEXAS WRECK
WILLITS, March 11.— "Owing to the un
precedented rainfall in February, during
which twenty-eight inches were recorded
In Willits," said Colonel Alfred V. La
Motte, superintendent of the California
Northwestern Railway's fish spawning 1
station at the outlet three miles north of
here, "the water rose over the top of
my fish trap, fully ten feet above its pres
ent level. Twice during the month furi
ous gales dashed driftwood against the'
picket and woven-wire fence of which
the trap is constructed, tearing down long
sections of the inclosure. The result wos
the escape of an immense school of Bteei
head salmon, which I had impounded for
tbe purpose of securing. their eggs for our
fleh .hatcher j' In Ukiah. Two years ago
I obtained more than 1,000,000 eggs of thta
variety, but so far this season I have not
got more than a quarter of that number."
SALMON ESCAPE FROM .
SPAWNING STATION
Camera Club Gives Entertainment
The California Camera Club held It3
regular monthly meeting and entertain
ment last night at the club rooms, in the
Academy of Sciences building. The usual
large crowd was in attendance, and the
programme was well received. Slides
from the Buffalo Camera Club were ex
hibited; a recitation. "A Telephone Ro
mance," was given by Miss L. M. Qulnn;
little Cecil Cowles gave an Imitation of
Ferris Hartman, and Miss M. Hocfcea
brock gave a recitation.
VANCOUVER, B.C.. March 11.— Three
weeks ago a Skeena River Indian named
Charlie Anvil disappeared. Two day3
later an American - cannery foreman
named Lee, who worked at Port Essing
ton, was found dead, apparently having
been drowned off the mouth. of the Skee
na. A few days ago — before the steamer
Tees sailed for Vancouver— another Indian
named James. Stewart' told' hia tribesmen
that they would find the missing Indian's
body at: a certain place and beside it the
hatchet with which he had been ¦ killed.
He added that, as the white man had
known too much, he, too, had been killed.
To other Indians he related different tale3
and then ran away from the village to
avoid capture. '
The -authorities believe that Stewart
murdered the Skeena Indian . and then
killed Lee because the latter knew' of the
first crime. ..
cause He Knew Too Much of
Former Crime.
Says Second Victim Was Killed Be-
INDIA1T CONFESSES TWO
MURDERS AND ESCAPES
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The follow
ing named Californians have arrived at
the hotels: St. James— J. H. Lindrow,
Santa Rosa; National— William Kidston,
Mrs S. C. Brown, Mrs. A. S. Davis, San
Francisco; Raleigh— E. Painter and. wife,
Vi. Green, Mrs. Van Vleet, San Francisco;
Willard— A. Frlsenop, Los Angeles; Miss
E. Sinclair. J. E. Tucker, San Francisco.
Arlington— -C. H. Lindley and wife, Miss
Josephine Lindley, Miss Helen E. Wright,
San Francisco.
Californians in Washington.
-The trial of Edward Fury, who was
employed as a special officer by the Rla
don Iron Works during the late strike,
on a charge of assault to murder for
shooting Peter Callahan, a striking ma
rine, fireman. In the face, was commenced
before a jury in Judge Dunne's court
yesterday. The prosecution closed its
case after • examining the complaining
witness and P. N. HerMhy. C. Anderson.
H. Harris. J. Thornton. Alec Sturrock
and William H. Gately. The defense will
go on this morning.
Special Offider Fury on Trial,
A pleasing feature of the programme
was the introduction of a song by . a
young local composer, E. A. Bruguiere,
a quaint and clover effort, entitled "The
Gardener and tho Rose." The song was
encored, and '.Mrs. Fisk graciously re
peated it. There will" be three more con
certs on Thursday afternoon, Friday
evening and Saturday afternoon. ,
If Mrs. Katharine Fisk should leave
San Francisco with ideas the reverse of
complimentary of the San Francisco
audience, it could hardly surprise, after
the discourteous treatment to which she
was subjected last : night at Sherman &
day Hall, on her first appearance here.
The programme began nearer half past
than quarter past eight, but even then
there were many late comers, and the
singer was kept standing for some pain
ful'moments while these were being seat
ed. The management, that went so com
mendably far as to refuse admission dur
ing the numbers, will doubtless see to It
that Mrs. Fisk, and most of her audience,
are not annoyed again in like manner.
Mrs. Fisk has the happiness to be a
singer who can sing. She is one of the
most roundly gifted vocalists that have
been heard here, with every kind of com
petence for her art. With a deep, smooth,
rich and exquisitely-used voice, strong
dramatic temperament and large intelli
gence, the singer presents a programme
of amazing variety with an altogether ex
ceptional satisfaction to her audience.
She phrases beautifully and delightfully.
Her enunciation is a model of the art,
and she has style— lots of it. Perhaps
Mrs. Fisk was at her best in the three
arias from "Samson and Delilah," where
her dramatic tendencies are allowed full
play. But when tho charming interpreta
tions of the French ballads, "L'Esclare,"
"The Silver Ring," are remembered, then
it seems as if the singer were happiest
in these. The Schubert, "Der Tod " und
das Madchen," was also beautifully given
and the Hollaender "Winternacht." :
Josses of each contestant yesterday were:
Alpers <&. Bent 51, Eggers 54, Wilson S8,
Coghlan 45. Reagan 59. Walsh 57 and Finn
ti5. The standing of the contestants is
now as follows: »
Official Lots Present
cour.t. to date. yiandlDr.
Alpen 15.&4O I.OP4 1*.S*G
Bent lfl.112 1.040 15,066
Eg^re 15.953 1,141 14,812
Wlifon lfi.517 M3» 15,618
<orhian ir».e§<! «os is.ots
::»«a 15,434 C40 14,7»i
Walsh 1S.PS6 *a~ J5.259
Finn 15.595 617 14,978
Recount of Votes Cast South of Mar
ket Street Changes Standing
of Contestants.
The losses sustained by the Labor party
candidates in the recount yesterday were
much larger than those sustained by their
Republican opponents. Many faulty bal
lets were thrown out. AH of the precincts
counted yesterday are located south of
Market etreet and this accounts for the
large number of votes lost by the Labor
men, as they carried that district. The
MANY FAULTY BALLOTS
CAUSE HEAVY LOSSES
J. A. Moore, a prominent business man
of Seattle. Is registered with Mrs. Moore
at the Palace.
M M. Kohn, a prominent electrician of
Honolulu, is visiting the city and is
registered at a downtown hotel.
Mrs V. E. Babeock of Chicago, mother
of lieutenant Babeock, Is a guest at the
Occidental. ; ¦ . " .
Dr. R. 6chiffmann of St. Paul is visit
in? the city.
Mrs. F. H." McCulloch of Los Gatos is
registered at the Palace.
R B H. Collier of Santa Rosa is making
a business trip to the city.
Amos Carrigan, a vineynrdist of Sonoma
County, Is registerd at the >Grand.
J. W. Hughes, a business man of Sacra
mento, Is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL.
FISK CONCERT
IS MARRED BY
LATE ARRIVALS
Carlton C. Crane, Pacific Coast agent
New York Central lines, is In receipt of a
telegram etatlng that all the through
trains of the New York' Central lines are
now running x>n time. All difficulty caused
by recent floods has been overcome.
Through Trains on Time.
Suits for divorce were filed by Hilda
Johns against Leonldaa Johns, for failure
to provide; Lottie O'Hara against John
O'Hara, for failure to provide; Fred J.
Spaulding against Margaret Spauldir.g,
for cruelty; Nettie Bluhm against Georga
I. Bluhm, for desertion; Richard W«
Knepper against Lena Knepper, for de
sertion, and Emma Osman against
Charles H. Osman. for failure to pro
vide. < : -
Divorces were granted to Alice Mabel
Hopkins from K L. Hopkins for desertion
and Max Steinle from Rose Steinle for
desertion.
Divorces Are Granted.
OAKLAND, March 11.— Licenses to
marry were issued to-day to Robert D.
James, aged 21 years. Nebraska, and Allia
Fort, 18. Oakland; Gustaf Peterson. 32.
and Amanda Strom, 28. both of Oakland;
Manuel A. Bettencourf. 30, Hay ward, and
Mario S. de Silva, 2S, San Leandro: Harry
M. Platt, 24. and Rachael McLenahan, t2.
both of Oakland; Manuel C. George. 31,
and Catherine Fine. 42, both of Oakland;
Joseph H. Pike, over 21, and Sarah Kl!-
Up, over IS, both of San Francisco; Percy
E. Arlett, over 21. and Martha L. Pelton,
over 18. both of Oakland; Archibald E.
Manning, 40, and Ella. Evana. 28, both of
Wells, Nev.
Licensed to Marry.
Collie Peterson was arrested at his
home last night, and on account of his
tender years was book<»d at the City
Prison" for a public institution.
From descriptions furnished the police.
Officer Joseph Brodt a feu- hours lafr
arrested Robert Connor of laOS 1^ Powell
streft on Union street, and he was iden
tified es the bov who escaped from Schoe
niaker. The third boy who was concerned
in the effair Is said to be Collie Peterson.
living at 421 Greenwich street. He is 11
yecrs of age. Connor is 14 and Dipple is
of The f=a>ne sfre. The boys are rrell
krown at North Bf^ach and have been in
trouble before. Dipple and Connor were
charged with robbery.
Louis Peters cf 1* Lily avenue caught
Arthur Dippie. the boy who snatched the
purse, and turned him over to Police Offi
cer Connelly. Louis Schoemacher of C5
Ccltcn street and T. P. McGinn of 20
Tweifth street followed another of the
boys to Twelfth and Folsom streets.
where he endeavored to hide under the
steps of a house. Schoemacher pulled
him out, but was compelled to let him go
by bystanders who interfered.
As Mrs. J. K. Fay of 114B Eleventh
street and her friend, Mrs. J. T. McKean,
wtre walking along Van Ness avenue,
three boys ran against Mrs. Fav and one
at them snatched a chatelaine purse con
taining J- from her girdle. The bovs then
r£n off, pursued by policemen and
citizens.
Three boye committed a daring robbery
yesterday afternoon at tbe junction of
Market street and Van Ness avenue. Two
of them were subsequently arrested and
the police have a trace of the third.
Captured and Charged With
Robbery.
DARING YOTJNG THIEVES —
SNATCH WOMAN'S PURSE
After a Long Chase Two of Them Are
All went well with the embryo despera
does until they, reached Redwood City,
about noon yesterday. They had made
forays on a few chicken ranches on the
road* and raided a few dairy establish
ments for milk. They were seen to leave
Butchertown in a southerly direction on
the stolen horses, and as soon as the po
lice were notified word -was sent to all the
officers along the line they were likely to
take. The boys camped at noon yesterday
in Redwood City, and Sheriff Mansfield
and a posse swooped down upon them.
They were returned to the city last night
and* charged with grand larceny.
Edward Overend. Albin Altgana and
John Dever, boys about 15 years of age,
broke into a stable in Butchertown on
Sunday afternoon, I took three saddle
horses and started on a career of brigand
age through San Mateo County. They
provided themselves with munitions of
war. a lot of cheap literature and dubbed
their leader "Jesse James."
at Redwood City.
Three Lads Steal Butchertown
Broncos and Are Quickly Caught
CAREER AS DESPERADOES
— SOON HTPPED IN THE BTTD
WASHINGTON, March 1L— The Post
office Department to-day announced the
following: Postmasters commissioned;
California— Carrie T. Stiffler, Norwalk.
Oregon— Emma J. Rowland, Noble. Wash
ington — Arthur M. Blackman, Snohomish;
i Ellas F. Harpst, Friday Harbor; Minnie
I. Vrooman, Wayside; William . H.
¦ Schenck, Cowicke. Appointed: Califor
! nia— A. C. Matheson, Grizzly Bluff, Hum
! boldt County, vice E. E. Roberts, re-
I signed.
i These pensions were granted: California:
j Increase — James. Dean, Soldiers' Home,
kos Angeles, $10; Ebenezer Williams, Oak
! dale, $12; John W. Francis, Soldiers'
! Koine, Los Angeles, $8. Mexican • war—
1 Charles Harrold, San Francisco, $12: Sam
' uel Sampson. Veterans' Htime, Napa, $12.
' Widows— Catherine McVey. San Jose, $8;
Lavinia Soller, Stockton, $8.
j Oregon: Increase— Elias C. Smith, For
i t'st Grove. $8.
Washington: Original— John Kenton,
i Palouse, $8. Increase— Henderson Kes
j singer, Spokane, $12; John Selby, Tacoma,
! $24: Lettlsa Amidon. Spokane, $15.> -
I Navy 'orders announced the appointment
I as paymaster clerk of R. J. Little of San
i Francisco.
I These patents were issued to-day: Cal
j ifornia— Clarence A. Bbggs and A. B.
i Cummin, San Jose, saw set; Milton M.
j Baker, Stockton, assignor to Sunshine
j Water Heater Company, San Francisco,
i bclar water heater; Charles Blagburn,
•San Francisco, caisson for sub-aqueous
j work; Jacques P. Faivre, San Francisco,
broiler: Charles. Froude, Riverside, de
vice for heating orchards; William F.
Hamilton, -Ventura, nut wrench; Samuel
L-, Kistler, Los Angeles, rectal instru
ment; George Klaiber, Los Angeles,
bronzing machine; John C. Look, Tudor,
j mop head; Luther Look, assignor to New
I Standard Concentrator Company, Los An
j geles, ore ' concentrator; Augustus Lotz,
'¦ assignor one-half to J. Haas and J. Kahn,
! San Francisco, apparatus for cleaning
i carpets; John C. McGriff, San Jose, com
i hination liquid measurer and sterilizer;
I Edward North, Los Angeles, combined
: age and casing spear; diaries IL Ohm.
; SpellvJlle. cement j gravel crusher and
: separator; Alfred " Olson, San Diego,
• needle threading device; -Byron Ring, as
" signor one-half to H. Marshall, San Fran
! Cisco, printing attachment for roll paper.
j Oregon— William R. Abrams, Portland,
sash fastener; William S. Richards, Al
¦ bany, routing machine.
• Washington— Frederick O. Berg, Spo
kane, feeding mechanism for sewing ma
chines; Sabin A. Gibbs. Tacoma, magnetic
traction; William L. McCabe, Tacoma,
chute; Lewis B. Tanner, Seattle, sluice
box. ;
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
and More Nes^Pensions
Granted. .
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
ASHLAND, Or.. March 11.— As the result or
a dispute over the settlement of accounts. H.
C. Messenger and J. P. Cotton, prominent saw
mill men, quarreled at Cotton's mill, three
miles west of Ashland, this morning, and Mes
senger shot and fatally wounded Cotton. Mes
senger, came to Ashland and gave himself up
to the officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITT-March 11.—Pro
fessor Max Farrand, head of tnte department of
history, has been- engaged by the University
of ¦ "Wisconsin to deliver a course of lectures
at this. year's session of the Wisconsin 'sum
mer school. Professor Farrand will give a.
Feries of addresses on "The Formation of the
Constitution." ?
BAKERSFIELD. March 11.— Drs. Sylvester,
Fox and Victor have reported to the police that
'on Sunday night a thief or thieves entered
their dental offices and carried away a quan
tity of gold used for fillings, as well as finished
work, such as gold crowns and boardings. -
SANTA ROSA. March 11.— Charles Thorne,
an employe of the Sunset Telephone Company,
sustained a shock of 2000 volts to-day while
handling a wire on Mendocino street. He was
rendered insensible, but beyond a few burns
about the hands was apparently not injured.
REDDING, March 11. — One. car of a work
train left the rails at Siskiyou station this
morning. After tearing up fifty feet - of the
track bed it came to a stop squarely across
the track. .• No one' was hurt. The southbound
Oregon express was delayed five hours.
SACRAMENTO. March 11. — Hiram E;
Brown, alias Hy Burk, . who . has served a
term: In the penitentiary for a. highway rob
bery committed in Freeno. County, was arrested
here to-day for a burglary at Rocilin, Placer
County. He admits his guilt.
RENO. March 11. — Fred Julien, a young
man of 23 years, the son of Hon. T. V. Jalien,
a lawyer of this city, was found dying in bis
father's office last evening and soon expired.
Heart disease is believed to have been the
causa of death. - - '
VACAYILLE. March 11.— Vacaville Com
mandery No. 88, Knights Templar, was visited
last evening by Grand ' Standard Bearer Sir
Charles I*. Field of San Francisco. After the
annual Inspection and drill a banquet was
served. . . . ' . -
BAKERSFIELD. March 11. — Tho block sig
nal system on, the Tehachapl Mountains, be
tween Pampa'and the summit, was damaged
by the storm last week and it will ba neces
sary to make extensive repairs.
SAN JOSE, March 11.— A pro-Boer mass
meeting will be held at Turn Vereln Hall next
Thursday evening... General W. D. Snyman,
formerly chief of staff of General Dewet. will
be the principal speaker.
. SAN DIEGO, March -11. — James Crosthwalte
was arrested this morning on the charge of
smuggling twenty-two horses from. Mexico. His
preliminary hearing was set for March 17, and
his bail placed at $000.
SANTA ROSA, March 11. — Tho Episcopalian
convention adjourned this afternoon. Organi
zation of the Sonoma deanery was completed
by the election of the Rev. A. L. Burleaon of
this city as dean.
SAN JOSE. March 11.— Lewis C. Prettyman
¦was to-day granted a divorce from Alice L.
Prettyman on the ground of desertion. Pretty
man is said to be a prominent attorney of
Portland, Or.
SAN JO&E. March 11.— A large tract of land
ten miles south of this city has. been bonded
by R. B. Harper and others representing the
Santa Teresa Quicksilver Mining Company.
SANTA ROSA, March 11.— Louis Hesseus of
Geyservllle was arrested yesterday on a charge
of selling liquor to Indians. Hesseua was held
for trial In the Superior Court.
ALONG THE COAST
HELENA, Mont., March 11.— Sue Sung,
an Americanized Chinaman, who has cut
off his queue and thus banished himself
for; life from his native land, ; and Miss
Lillian, a girl of sixteen, who is several
Inches taller than her spouse, were mar
ried on Monday by the Rev. W. N.
Sloan at the Presbyterian parsonage, and
immediately went to their home in Bil
lings. The couple are both members* of
tho Presbyterian church, and when Sue
Sung was a clerk in a Chinese store in
Helena several years ago ho went to Sun
day-school. He kept up this practice after
he moved to Billings and opened a store
of his own and at church met his bride.
They came here Saturday and applied for
a marriage license, but It was refused be
cause the girl's parents had to . consent.
The bride's mother, Mrs. Mary Morin, was
telegraphed for and arrived to-day. She
gave her consent and a lawyer said there
was no legal obstacle to the mixture of
races. Each party gave the other a. ring
at the ceremony and then the mother-ln
law hugged her Celestial son-in-law and
kissed him on hi3 yellow brow.
White . Girl at Helena,
Montana.
Marriage of a Chinese to a Young
WHITE BRIDE'S MOTHER
KISSES YELLOW GROOM
"Possibly the Rev. Aquilla Webb would
hrve been benefited had he seen 'La. Mad
eleine" and known whereof he spoke. If
his sermon had come from actual knowl
edge and not from .hearsay, as it did,
there might have been more justice in it.
"It is ridiculous to call 'La Madeleine'
Immoral," said Miss "Walsh to-day. "Why,
there is no play upon the boards that
teache3 a greater lesson. It was - Mr.
Dam's object to write a play that should
show the struggles and sacrifices a
¦woman has to make to redeem herself
.from an evil life and obtain salvation. I
have been looking for years for just such
a play, with a character strongly drawn
and powerful and a theme that tells of
a grand - and noble j sacrifice — something
like that of Sidney Carton in Dickens'
'Tale of Two Cities.'. I have found that
play in 'La Madeleine.' The sentiment of
the play is* deeply moral and the lesson
taught is a good one. • . ' ¦
SANTA. BARBARA, March, 11.— The at
tack by the Rev., Aquilla "Webb on Sun
day, night from the pulpit' of the First
Presbyterian Church of Los Angeles upon
Blanche Walsh's new play, "La Made
leine," has aroused the indignation of the
actress. The reverend gentleman in tha
course of his sermon characterized the
play ' as immoral and indecent . and re
marked that It was "damned from start
to finish by tho author." As the play is
from the pen of. the California^, H. J. W.
Dam, • the pastor ventured i upon a some
what profane pun when ho made this re
mark.
Madeleine'' Is an Immoral
Play.
MISS WALSH REPLIES . .. ¦ ' :
TO KEV. AQTHT.T.A WEBB
Actress Indignantly Denies That "La
Deeming the situation sufficiently grave
to warrant his taking such action. Mayor
Collins sent a telegram, to Senator llanna
at Washington, asking that the National
Civic Federation, of whose executive com
mittee Hanna is chairman, should inter
est Itself in the matter and endeavor to
effect a settlement by arbitration. t
¦ The State Board of Arbitration to-day
had before it President Cox and the strike
committee of the Allied Freight Transpor
tation Council, but no way of settlement
could be agreed upon. This committee
also waited upon Mayor Collins, whero
the serious condition of affairs was dis
cussed, and he promised his best efforts
to effect an understanding between the
parties at issue. . —
A strong effort has been made to induce
the Boston Central Labor Union, which \a
composed of ninety affiliated trades of all
descriptions, to officially indorse the
strike by ordering out all its members,
and that body has the matter under con
sideration. The effect of such action
would be to paralyze business of all kinds.
The Central Labor Union has thus far
taken no part in the fight.
The members of the Teamsters' Union,
comprising 1400 brick, slag and cement
teamsters, also went out this afternoon,
which virtually ties up the building trades
by depriving: them of matter with whlcb.
to work.
v One of the moat important developments
of the day was the ordering out of the
longshoremen at the docks of the Phila
delphia and Metropolitan Steamship com
panies, in consequence of which vessels
of those lines were compelled to depart
with only partial cargoes, while the
wharves are partially filled ¦with freight
which the men refused to handle. Other
docks are in a similar condition and busi
ness there i» practically tied up.
BOSTON, March 11.— The second day oi
the great strike of organized labor
against the demands of railroad_ami
steamship companies that merchar.di»?
delivered at freight stations by the R. S.
JPrine Transportation Company be not
discriminated against found large addi
tions to the ranks of the strikers. Nearly
<'JMQ union men were ordered out to-day,
bringing the grand total of idle men up
to about 20,000. with the prospect of still
greater increase to-morrow.
Professor Rising is the dean of the col
lege of chemistry, and is abroad on a
leave of absence. He and his family are
expected home this summer.
Mrs. Menicanti graduated from the
University of California with the class of
1S98, receiving the degree of Bachelor of
Letters. She is a graduate of the local
high school and her home, prlsr to her
departure abroad, had been at 2203 Chapel
street since childhood. Her engagement
was announced several months ago, an.J
word has reached Berkeley that the wed
ding day was set twice and postponed.
The young couple left on a wedding trip
to Turin and Lucerne, and are now at
home at 40 Santa Maria Via, Rome,
where they will reside.
The wedding took place in the official
residence of the Mayor of Paris, the
Mayor officiating. There was no religious
service, and only the simple civil cere
mony was performed. Those present were
Professor Rising and family and the
friends and family of Signor Menicanti,
Professor C. B. Bradley of the University
of California, Harold S. Symmes, a Cali
fornia graduate, and Dr. McClure of Oak
land.
BERKELEY. March 11.— Miss Ruth
Lawrence Rising, daughter of Professor
and Mrs. W. 'B. Rising of this city, and
Signor Corrado Menicanti, an Italian law
yer, were married in Paris on February 11.
Cards announcing the wedding reached
Berkeley to-day, and a letter to the
Kappa Kappa Gamma house, where Mrs.
Menicanti's sorority sisters reside, told
briefly the particulars of the marriage.
The letter was. written by Mrs. Menicanti
herself shortly after the ceremony.
One thing is certain— the protracted
Cabinet meeting developed great and even
bitter differences of opinion among the
Ministers. \ , ¦_. .*
"I am rather inclined to believe that no
decision has been arrived at, though one
rumor says the league will be proclaimed
in certain districts." ;
Nothing was known In the House of
Commons up to 5:30 p. m. of the results
of the Cabinet meeting. John Redmond
and other Irish leaders had expected in
formation on the subject, but they re
ceived no intimation as to what took
place. John Dillon said: ; -
'The leading Nationalists affect mdiffer^
once as to the Government's action. They
declare that If the Cabinet decides to sup»
press the United Irish League the Gov«
eminent must carry the matter to a log
ical conclusion and abolish all represen
tative government In Ireland.
LONDON, March 11.— The Cabinet met
at noon to-day under the presidency of
Lord Salisbury, the Premier. George
Wyndham, Chief Secretary for Ireland,
came specially from Dublin to fnform. the
Ministers regarding the conditions in that
part of the kingdom, while A. J. Balfoui-,
the First Lord of the Treasury, who is
considered an expert in the management
of Irish affairs, had sufficiently recovered
from his attack of influenza to be present
and advise his colleagues, from his own
experience, as to what he considered best
to be done.
The National Traders' Bank is capital
ized at 525,000 and has undivided profits
of $100,000., Leighton is about 35 years old;
married and has three children.
Irregularities in Leighton's books were
discovered to-day, and when pressed for
an explanation the teller broke down: and
made a complete confession, Staling that
his peculations extended back over j a
period of several months and -would reach
a total of $43,000. He was immediately ar-,
rested by a United States Marshal and
will be arraigned to-morrow. It la said
that Leighton's trouble is due to>unsuc
cessful business ventures. .'
Officials of the bank state that Leighton
has made over to the institution all his
real estate and other property and that
this, together with his bond, will make
good the loss sustained by the bank.
PORTLAND, Me., March 11.— Granville
W. Leighton, teller of the National
Traders' Bank of this city. Is under ar
rest, a self-confessed defaulter to--the ex
tent of $43,000.' .
WASHINGTON, March 11.— The officials
in the Department of. Justice will make
every effort to secure the extradition from
Canada, of Gaynor and Green, who are
charged with complicity in the Savannah
frauds, for which Captain O. M. Carter
was sent to the penitentiary. The officials
are looking up the law and the treaty
bearing on the subject and as soon as this
ig completed they will ask the State De
partment to take steps to secure the ex
tradition of the men. '
Notwithstanding the statement made by
Colonel. Gaynor to-day that he might re
turn to the United States on the 17th. both
he and Captain Green secured the services
of distinguished counsel, who in the past
have handled famous fights against.extra
dition proceedings in this province. They
have retained to look after their interests
Jules Tesser, a member of the local Leg
islature, who some years ago acted in a
like capacity for J. O. Eno of New YoTk,
and L. A. Tascheau, also a member of the
local Legislature and law partner of the
Minister of Justice of Canada.
QUEBEC, March ll.-Colonel John P.
Gaynor and Captain B. D. Green, who are
charged with complicity in the Savannah,
frauds, spent a quiet day at the Chateau
Frontenac, in this city. They do not ap
pear to be in the least worried as to the
outcome of their case". The provincial at
torneys have not received any instructions
as to the arrest of the accused.
Joe Easen, middleman or interlocutor; Ik>uis
Lagan, left endman ¦ (Fompey), with the bones:
Tommy Eagen. right endman (Caesar), with
tambourine ; James ' McCashin, Willie Lagar.
Ed Cassidy, Bernard Eagen, "Willie Lewis,
Johnny McKeon, Artie Olsen, Ed McKenna,
Tom Kenny. James McKenna, Ray Whltaker,
Augustine Donavan, Charlie Daniels and .Willie
Gaven.
The little boys who will render the
darky songs in style fetich as to bring- a
smile of content to the shade of Billy
Emerson. are as follows:
Margaret Olsen, in the role of Count Arn
herm: Kathryn Barry, Thaddeus: Kathleen
Roche, Florenftein: Miss Dolly Roche, Devils
hoof: Frances Crowe, captain of the guard;
Birdie McKeon, officer of the guard; Edna
"Walsh, Arline, and May Bird, Queen of the
Gypsies.
The singing of little Albertlna Meyer
hoffer, who is scarcely more than five
years of age, shows all the intelligence of
a prima donna. ' During the rendition of
the opera at Franklin Hall on the night
of December 19 last- the audience was
roused Into ecstacles by the singing and
dancing of this little girl. -
' The other girls who will take part in
the opera are:
The lovers of music and even the most
austere critics have witnessed with pleas
ure, surprise and admiration the splen
did performances given by the little girls,
but a further agreeable surprise awaits
them in the two-act song and conundrum
show to be given in character by a care
fully picked 'troupe of seventeen boys
ranging from the age of 12 to 15: years
during the intermissions of /the opera.
The boys are all good singers and are de
termined to surprise the girls. They have
been under the - instruction of the Rev.
Father J. R: Newell, O. P. . ¦ -
Those who have heard the children sing
—the girls rendering 'in perfect harmony
and soul-thrilling strains the great lyric
and romantic opera, and the boys, • with
a double quartet and a full chorus, inter
preting the good old tunes of the darky
Southland— are unstinted in their praise.
The choir and choral union consists of
sixty well trained juveniles of St. Dom
inic's congregation. They have been care
fully trained and rehearsed by Rev.
Father J. S. Jones, O. P., in that beauti
ful opera by Balfe, "The Bohemian
Girl," until it is remarkable how ex
quisitely they render, the music of the
great master. They make no mistakes,
there is no embarrassing * breaks or
pauses, and the little ones sing the beau
tiful music apparently without effort.
' The lovers of sweet music and the
patrons of the good old plantation melo
dies of the South have a great treat in
store for them on the night of April 1,
when the renowned Junior Choir - and
Choral Union of St. Dominic's Church
will give a performance at the Al
hambra' Theater, for the benefit of
the • church. The benefit promises to
be an' unprecedented success, as the
gifted little singers with their sweet
voices' have already won an . envi
able reputation and there is; a great de
sire to hear them. They have. frequently
appeared in their own parish and have
surprised the people ofBenicia and Val
lejo with their precocious talent, but this
will be the first occasion on which they
have sung for the whole city. :
Bat the last time she left, Mrs. Naf
taly. according: to her spouse, had failed
to respond to his oft-repeated entreaties.
w £ ernain<?< * away and obdurate. During
the husband's absence Papa Lees, with
h-awaid Crape, went to Naftaly'e place,
removed tbe furniture, and left the home
oesolate and wifeless.
The husband caused Lees' and Crape's
arrest. But his ca?c went to pieces in
court to-day when he admitted that his
wile had possession of the household
poods when they were removed, and that
likewise they were for the most part
community property. The accused father
in-law and his daughter, sniffing disdain
at her husband, left the courtroom in
high glee.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 11.
After nine separations, with a couple of
divorce suits fcr good measure. M. Naf
taly has abandoned his efforts to effect
r*><-oticHiat!on with his \rife.
Somt of their unusual domestic inci
dents were unfolded this morning before
Police Judge Smith, in the case of Xaf
taly against his father-in-law. M. Lees,
who had been arrested on the husband's
complaint for removing furniture from
the Naftaly residence. 616 Clay street.
»,=T h fofP riev ? d so u n - in -law declared that
his fathcr-m-Uw had on eight separate
occasions induced Mrs. Xaftaly to leave
him and to return to the paternal home,
t-ech time, asserted the husband. Mrs.
Naftaly had been induced to return to
mix., and likewise had he persuaded her
10 dismiss two divorce suits she had
brought.
Nationalists Watch United
League Issue Wifh
Interest.
Becomes Wife of Signor Meni
canti, a Prominent Ital- :
ian Lawyer.
Gifted Young Choristers to
Render Operatic Har
monies.
Unsuccessful , Business Ven
tures the Cause of the -
Crime. - ~ : !
United States Officials Will,
Seek to Cause Their t •*-
; Arrest. ¦
National Civil Federation
Asked to Settle Dlf
ficultiea
Aggrieved Husband Blames
Father-in-Law, Whose
Arrest He Caused.
British Cabinet Discusses
the Conditions in
Ireland.
Men Involved in Savan
nah Frauds at Ease
in Canada.
Maine Man Misappropri
ates Thousands of
Dollars.
Will Hold Grand Benefit
for St. Dominic's
Church.
Announcement Is Made
of Miss Ruth Ris-
Two Divorce Suits and
Nine Separations of
Naftalys.
Twenty Thousand Men
Are Now on Strike
in Boston.
BANK TELLER
STEALS COIN
MAYOR APPEALS
FOR ARBITRATION
HAVE NO FEAR
OF EXTRADITION
SWEET-VOICED
GIRLS TO SING
MAYOR OF PARIS
MARRIES THEM
LOSES AND WINS
WIFE FREQUENTLY
BALFOUR HELPS
THE MINISTERS
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CAEL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902.
Blossom Festival Postponed.
SAN JOSE. March' 11.— The date of the
Santa ' Clara County Blossom Festival has
been postponed/ the celebration being 1 now
fixed for the five days beginning April 1
and continuing until .'April 5.
: Jacob . Conrad, 70 ,. years of : "age, .wai
taken '.from his home, 80S IBrannan' street,'
ffo>the Central Emergency Hospital on
Monday night, and died there yesterday,
A few nights ago Conrad- fell out of. his
bed- , and * broke >' his \ arm, the \ shock ; re
sulting,'In his death. | Conrad served with
Captain of Police .Spillano: in the v Ninth
Xlnited States ' Infantry,' from 1S61 till, the
close of the war..- ,•.¦*.¦»'.:• ; - 'w • • ••
Veteran. Dies From" Shock
Thieves Take Diamonds.
9
REDLANDS, March 11.— The home of
T.Y.- England, a wealthy, resident of this
place, was robbed last . night of $300 worth
of diamonds. The -thieves entered while
Mr. and Mrs." England were at a theater.
A servant In. the house heard them, but
was - so . badly, scared that he . could • not
give -;tho alarm. , ¦ '
has become the
standard, tie?
it is a real
food— a food that
feeds.
; /// costs you nothing — our book, "
*' Mellin's Food Babies.". *
Mellin's Food Co., Boston. Man.
POSTUM: CEREAI/.
WIFE'S INGENUITY
Saves Her Husband.
The author of the "Degeneration of
Dorothy." Mr. Franklin Kinsella, 228
VTest Twenty-fifth street. New York City.
{ v.as the victim of a little by-play-but he
*.-aia best tell the story himself. "I must
confess that I have been the victim of an
Innocent deception, which turned out all
far the best, however.
"I had bc«m resting under the belief, for
some years, that coffee eerved as a lubri-
cant to my cerebral convolutions, in other
words, 'made the wheels go round.* and I
had an idea that I could not work with-
out it as a stimulant.
*1 soon paid the penalty in nervousness,
loss of flesh, in«omnia and restlessness,
none of which troubles would yield to
any or all medicines. I finally got in
\ rather a bad way and my wife took a
hand in the affair all unknown to me.
' She purchased a package of Postum Cof-
fee and first prav* me one-half Postum
and one-h«ilf coffee. In a little time'she
had me down to clear Postum and I was
none the wiser.
"I noticed that I was getting better, my
nerve? were steadier, and I began to
flesh and sleep night?. My work
vras performed far better than in my old
condition.
"Commenting- upon ray greatly im-
prcx'ed health one morning. I was told
the truth. 'Tis to laugh.' so I fiubmltte.d
gracefully and joined the Postum rankfi.
"Expenenco leaches that boilingr is one-
* half the game. When the directions are
'•arried out the result will be a« . fine a
cup 'of rich, fragTant coffee as ever de-
Ilffhted the *enees without rulnlny the
cerves."
' ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mrs. j, eTo t donnell
Was Sick Eight Years irith
Female Trouble and Finally
CnredbyLydia E. Pinkham's
Tegetable Compound.
"Deaf. Mk3. Peskham : — I hare
never in mv life given a testimonial
before, biit you have done so much for
me that I fee! called upon to give yon
this unsolicited acknowledgement oi
MRS. JENNIE T. "O'DOXKELL,
President of Oakland . VTonian's Riding Clal»
the wonderful curative value of Lydla
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound." For eight years I had female
trouble, falling 1 of the -womb and other
complications. During that time I was
more or less of an invalid and not much
>ood for anything, until one day I
found i a book in my hall telling of
the cures you could perform. I became
interested : I bought, a bottle of !Lydi»
E. Pinkhnzn's .Vegetable Com-
pound and was helped; 1 continued its
use and ih seven months was cured, and
since .that time I have had perfect
health.. Thanks, dear Mrs- Finkh&m
again,' fdr.ttic health I now enjoy.'' —
Mrs. ' JjKffXiE O'Dos^tetju 273 East 31st
St., Chicag-O, III. — SSOOO forfeit If aboe*
testimonial Is not genuine.
Women s uf f eringr from any
form of female ills can be cured
by liydia E. Pinkham's Vegeta-
ble Compound. That's sure.
• Mrs. Pinkham advises sick wo-
men free. Address, Lynn, 3X&3&THE SA^ FRANCISCO GALI,, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902;
10
HELP '.TO TED— MALE— Con.
SHIPPED free every day — Four-horse scraper
men . and laborers . wanted for railroad eon-
tract. "Wadsworth. • Nev. ; wages. ?2 per'day;
board $5 25 per week: $2 deposit required ;
company will refund same after 23 days. E.
B. & A. L STONE CO.. 900 Broadway. Oak-
: land. Cal. ''¦'; \
WANTED— Men to learn barber trade: eight
weeks: tools donated: situation guaranteed;
. catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angelea. Cal.
SAILORS, ordinary, for shlp3 for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Stenart st.
WINCHESTER House. U Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading rooma;
' free 'bns and. baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been , established at 1093
Valencia st. ' • ...__1
HORSES AND WAGOXS.
CHESTNUT driving team of mares, aged 7
yeara. sired by Reno Prince; very gentle.
•stylish, perfectly fearless, free from vice and
need no Boots; broke single: eaey to drive;
price very low. Apply to WM. G- LATNG,
Occidental Horse Exchange, 721 Howard St.,
near Third. . . ' ;
A LOT cf horses for sale at Arcade Hors«
Market. 327 Sixth st.; also bungle?, wagons,
harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
CONSTANTLY on hand and for sale or trade,
well broken carriage, wagon, work and driv-
ing horses of all grades, sizes and style.
Santa Clara Milk Co., 721-723 Howard st.
SAN ROSA saleyard— Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold: new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market st.. corner Eleventh.
SAN Francisco Veterinary College. Fourth ses-
- sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. FANCOAST. Sec.. 810 Golden Gate ave.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey,harness.work.drlving horses. 15th&Valencia .
AjLL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
FOR sale— Small livery stable; price $1600.
Apply 445 Valencia st. ..
AN A .No. 1 express -wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. . 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for c!r-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
$11 — SUNNY house 5 rooms, yard, basement.
Key at 2228 Gearv st.' -
$47 50— HOUSE of 8 rooms: large basement and
large yard. 1613 Bush St., near Franklin.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
NEW sunny hous», 7 rooms: large basement:
yard: fine location; Portola. off Waller, bet.
Pierce and Stelner. Geo. Moore. 63 Portola.
II V Gl E.VIC HA IR THE ATM RXT.
MRS. HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterless hair; removes dandruff; has treated
baldness with great success; free consulta-
tlon. Room 3t». Llebea building. 139 Poat.
I<OS T- _ A .*f P. Fotr:y p-
LOST— Bunch "of about 14 keys, one key nam«
plate, word "Hall" engraved. Flndsr return
BERTON, 323 Montgomery st. ; reward, $3 SO.
LOST— Small alligator skin purse, containing
some change, key and $1000 note. Please re.
turn note; reward; box 4183, Call office.
BLACK dog with whits collar; owner can r«-
deem by paying expenses. 21 Minn* st.
LOST— A bunch of keys, Monday, on Polk et.,
between Bush and Callfornm. Finder kindly
return to 1309 Polk st. and receive reward.
LO3T— On Saturday night, pair cf opera,
glares; liberal reward. L. SHORES. 657
Bush st.
LOST— Gold Elgin watcb; valued as keepsake.
Return to 233H Oak st. and receive reward;
monogram B. C. G.
LADIES' - gold brooch, Sunday, on Alameda
Piedmont cars; reward. Address box 4200.
Call ofhee.
LOST — Small, open-face gold watch, blue-enam-
eled back, In chamois cover. Return to 822
Alvarado St.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that th<» Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St., needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
MARRIAGE bureau: est. 1887: reliable and
confidential: lists 10c. Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES ASP PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar.
an teed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell
St.; tel. Bush 421.
Brass, iron, beds; mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J.F.Hotter. 712 Mission: tel.Main 730.
MEDICAL. ~~~
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladles, all ,who are sick or ln trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
. menstrua! female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated:
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature; by consulting him sava
' time and money. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL.
office and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
30 years' experience; instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DAVIE3
. at the old office. 1228 Market st. ; 30 years*
experience in obstetric and other cases.
MRS. * D. GOODWIN. . ladles" physician; 25
years' successful experience in 8. F. Ma-
ternity Home, 006 Market St.. op 4th; fte low.
HINDOOHERB and MRS.- DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; homo
in confinement. 1126 Market St., S. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market— Reliable ladles-
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN, ladles' reliable . and sincere spe-
cialist. 1007^ Market; avoid delay; $10.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. oppoatta
Union square:. all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCE LLAyEOUS-— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-107 Fremont st.
35 II. P. economizer boiler and 30 H. P. en-
gine. $400; 25 H. P. boiler and engine. $250:
2!-i H. P. Oriental crinoline engine. $73;
tmall boiler feed pump. $20. H. S. WHITE.
130-332 Beale s^ ,
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en.
glnes, boilers, watar pipes, shafting, pulleys,
ete. WHITKLAW. 253-255 Spear st.
13 AR fixtures; big atock; inataUments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tho
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co., 632 Mission.
SEALSKIN suitable for 30 or 3S bust; el«£
gant quality; condition finest; cost orlgt.
• nally $275; for $120 cash, Box 8806. Call.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kaarny at., naar Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTH.INO PARLOUS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— SEALSKIN Jacket for sale for $«8. Port-
land Loan Office, i!5 Stockton st. '
FOR ' sals—About 60 gal. country milk dally.
Address Del Hambre Dairy. Martlnes.
12 II. P. engine, almost naw: only uted thr««
months; very cheap. Box 4183, Call office.
I3x1ft Gordon, $125; wa buy, sell or , trade ta
pointing materials.. HOAO. 181 Second st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
nAKlSP> & HAMILTON. __^
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER £. CO., 110 Mont'gy.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2<l-hancl moving pie-
tures. BULLARP fc BRECK. 131 Post st.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhangtng, paint*
Ing. Merlgan. i:i02 Webtter: tel. Jackson 1321.
NEW Home ind Domestic sewing machine;
¦ good order; complete; cheap. 1015 Mission.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-h.\nd
and launches. .- J. E. DOAK. 306 Mission st.'
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machinery
- J. BURKE. 130 Beale nt. ¦ *
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
Mxiught. sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
6AFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.i 417-423 Sacramento st.
WANTS. />
WILL pay . cash and . good prices : for old seal-'
j - skins: s address at once: - will call an vwh»r«
25 miles of city. -Box 3276. Call office?
BIG price; paid for sealskin coats: also rontv
full dress andjuxedo suits. Pc^Uand Loll
. Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 4S1. ~_T?-=
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 flth at.: tel. Je»sle 23M.
'.MIKES'. AND MIXING.
THE VrandesY cn^cr^ver^Se7eT7a'n^w~onen
: f or a good party to act ' as director inonSn
' ln * the f "Wabash Mine." near Amador^on
S^to d Cair". K F?" 8t0ne^ lne - *oom-4ff
< ??V2i£* BI 5P 1BI & blg., 8 ;
{•'„?!• » r "»«»». i OflJc«.- Nome.- Alaska, season 19021
SAN FRANC1 SCO CALL. '
RUSIXCSS OFFICE of Tl»e San Francisco
Call, .orner of Market and Third streets: open
ur.tll 12 o'clock every ni£tit in the -year.
F-RANCH OFFICES — Z'27 llontsomery etreet,
ccrnor.Clay; open unt!l 9:30 p. in.
>C-0 Hayes itrt-et; open until 0:30 r>. ro.
i"3 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m."
' "15 l^arkin etreet: epen until 0:30 p. m.
1941 Miwlor. rtreet; open until 10 p. m.
V2S1 Market strecc corner Sixteenth: open
uetOJl p- m.
IVfi ii'.f-venth street: cpen until 9' p. m.
JUSm %'c'.ent.ia street; et*n until 0 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-fitcor.d a.nd Ken-
tadiy «reei£; open until it p. hi.
Fillmora street: open tmtll 0 p. m.
MEETING XOTICBS. : Jl
HOV2CT MORI AH Lofige No. 44 a F. and m
A. M.— <:"8!!Pd meeting THIS <WED-
NESDAY) KVEMNG, at T:Sn o'clock. X3f
First dctipp. / XT »
THEO. FROHLICH,^ec : _^
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. •
M.— D. 1ft THIS EVENTXG. March
!-'. al T:.;0 o'clock. By order of the j5L#v
V. M. H. FORTRIEDE, Sec / TT >
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 160. F. and A. « ;
M.-No netting THIS EVENING.
T^,^ officer* have r-»'u invited 10 ccn- >kJC
fer the thir-4 decree for King Solo- .' V '
men's Lo^ge. Franklin Hall. Fillmore st.
H. J. OWEN. Secretary. ¦
M£ESlo"x" Lodge No. 16!». F. and A. M- — , • •
<-aiie<J mf->tiHR THIB <WEDXES- »JV_
r-AV) nrv'ENixo. st T:s*» o'clock. tS3T
fcwir.d degree. K. E. ALLAN. S&c. ' v J
KING BOLOMOVfi Lodge No. C60, F. m
and A. M.. 1^:«> Fillmore st.— The offi- _J^»
¦ '-. of Exr*isio- Lodge No. 16'5. will TZjT
«.onftr th* thir<1 A?gr*e THIS «WED- / tf V
NEFOATl EVnXIXG, at 7:S0 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
¦JFZRriA HUKXA I^odgrr-No. 15, I-
¦• O. F.~ MeMinp T'H-RSHAV ¦S>£?3Ri£=
E-VEVIXG. March 13, lfl'12. En- -^fttsSF
t«rtJiin!Tfnt firFt of its kind. All , Ja^
welcome. Rffrpshrnentr..
WILLIAM P. HtrMPHRETS, N. G.
W,-.W. CROSS. Rf. See. -J
ihf funeral of cur
a»» !H»i?hbor. ANTONE L. ENELUND.'
rcm trie parlor* of Joseph Hagsn, .170" Sac-
»m*nto St.. r»ar Polk St.. THURSDAY.
t'arih L3. m. 2 o'clock p. m. Sorvlces under
be arsctfc? cf the ramp.
THOf. J. EARRT. Oonsal Commander.
..». ./JI.IVER JU.. <'lerk.
KASTER Msrin«rs" Benevolent Amo- r-j-^.^
ris'ion.- -Regular nif-«*tlng will be j\' "ST ?*
held et hsll. 820 Yot\ «.. at 7:30 p. U**li*
nr... THL'RSDAV. March 13. All
nvmberf are requeued to be prewnt. as im-
r-niT«m business will come up for considera-
tion. L. TBAT'NO, lV»c. Sec.
AXXUALi Meeting— Hut.**hini<on Rugar Plan-
tation Compsny— The regular annual meet*
1r«r.of |he BtrK-kholdern of the Hutehlnson
Piipsr Plantstlon Ompany will be held at
thi» <,fflci» of the company. 327 Market Ft.. In
»he elty «in<J county of Ban Fr»n<*4»co. State
cf Ciillforni*. on TUESDAY. «he 25th day
of March. l»02, st th» hour of 11 o'clock
a. tn.. for ih<* purpose of electing a bosrd
of director* to serv* for the ensuing year
¦ n4 fnr the transaction of such ether bu«i-
n*m s* msy com* before the meeting. Trans-
fer brink* will clr,»e on Friday. Msrch 14,
|?<12. «t 3 o'cleck r, m.
XI> ' THOMA>I -
Tlir. California Debris Commlwion. having r»-
cc!v»<l eppllcstlons to min<» by the hydraulic
jircr^-M from 3. M. Longneekfr. ln the Tsylcr
1 ' i ind Hull Claim Mines, near Gknessee,
I'Muri;** Co.. to j&t posit, tailings ln Indian
Cretk or a ravine, tributsry thereto, and
from the Chsrtne! Found GoH Mining Co.. In
their mine near Lincoln. Placer Co.. to de-
i r'ii tsllinRs ln a <jVy swale N-lnw the mine,
rivr-f nctlc<> <hst a meeting will be held at
room 'H. Fined building.- Ban Francisco,' Cal.,
en Msrth Sf, 1002. at 1:30 p. m.
XOXtCR to Ptockhclder*. Market Street Rail-
way Company — The Union Trust Company of
ban Francisco Is authorized to recetve until
•next SATURDAY. March 15th. l»02. for de-
r<~t'j aj] and any nhares of the Ktock of the
Market Street Railway Company upon the
i»m« terms and conditions on which it now
held? more than three-fourths of the capi-
tal etcck of the Market Street Railway Com-
pany, under a certain agreement for the sale
cf t aid chares.
I. W. HELLMAJC JR.. Cashier.
Fan Francisco. March 7th. 1902.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES caet; future predicted: reading*
by -mail If desired. Raymond.* 227 Taylor *t.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
633; all cases; damages, estates, •wills, mort-
gages,, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: lepal paper6 drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or ¦write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. t!27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free: open every evening:; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURfeTO.V. 810 Market et.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et.: consultation free: no fees tn advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast; swell-
eft thing out; agency Columbia. Monarch. oth-
tt: repairing, bells, pumps. S01 Larkin Ft.
BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of song,
talking and fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
caces. globes, aquariums: bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market 6t..bet.8th&9th.
DOARDI3TG FOR CHILDREN.
NURSE wishes childern at lowest terms; large
gunny yard:ahone; nr.school. 1607 California.
BOOKS— -SEW AXD OLD.
POOKE of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 11*9 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
BISJAESS CHANCES.
A — $300; RESTAURANT and ohophouse: rent
f2fi; good place; 1 block i-ouih of Market st.
_Call R. O. WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— f 1400; SALOON, vicinity of Market and
4th sts.; net rent $40; good paying buslne»»;
rnz\>. yearti. R. G. WILKE. 26»j Kearny.
A— S2Wi0;.CHOP and oyeter house, near Chron-
icle; lcaee; place clearing above $2M) per
month ; death In family cause of sale. See
R. G. WILKE. 2»t<; Kearny »t.
A— J40f«<t : DKI.ICATKESEN end fancy grocery
store; «stabIlF.h«d years; r^nt $20; stock of
first-class merchandise; will Invoice $3000;
business known as a first-class paying propo-
eUlon. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— Kbo; SALOON end <lance hall on Kearny
ft.; :» living rooms and kitchen; rent $35.
Particulara at R. O. WIL.KK'8. 20V4 Kearny.
A-^PtOO; nEST located aaloon on water front;
elegant fixtures and a flm-clan paying busl-'
nets; rent *40; investigate and you will find
s tare rhance. H. Q. WILKE. 20'j Kea rny.
A— $2W»; iicah mtsnd. with laundry office, on
Third St.; nnt $17 &0: dally receipts $10
¦ nd more. All particulars or R. G. .WILKK,
m ¦•"H Kg»rn>- «t. ¦ ,i >
A— ff»50; COHNKR saloon v/Hh « rooms; rents
t!5; surreunfled by pltnlng mills, lumber
yatd» sn4 rollroad *hoi>»; cl^artng above SlOli
per raonth ; (.'all ft. G. WILKK. aoij Kearny.
A— $K6n; HARDWARE and crockery store with
plumbing *hop: on Fourth st., nr«r Market-
*"»<» bu»lne«*; rtnt $20. Call R. G. WILKJ^,
A CANDY store, manufacturing an4 Icecream
rarlors: K«p»r agencies and other side lines;
-w mlnuie« from dty: preaent owner been
ih*re 7 j-rurr: lie^t of reason for selling;
A lTE8TAUnAN*T north or Market doing fine
hurtmM; pr*«cnt owner rolng lia*t; must be
_«>ia_et once. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st.
A SALOON on prominent corner: « yesrsMease";
w»ll stofked; must be sold; $2000. RO1ILFS
CO., 41 Third st.
A— SAI.OON on Third *t.. close to Market; 2
years leaae: fine fixtures: $1000 stock: rood
reason selling; $2750. Kohlfs Co.. 41 Third at.
A-PHOTOGRAPH gallery on Market St., flne-
ly fitted up; doing fine business: owner has
other bunlnett; $1200. ROHLFS CO.. 41 3d.
A— BAKERY with 11 rooms attached; preaent
owner been there IB years; all utensils for
baking; $1250. KOHLFB CO.. 41 Third et.
EOMK bargains — McBRIDE & CO.. 705 Market
!«S V ~ Re " t * urant & °y*t*r house; good.chettp!
I2W— R»«uurant: good location; 10 more res-
taurants. " $200— Saloon ; $400, $000 $1200 «a-
l"on». $175. $225, $500 cigar stores.
LOOK cut. laundrymen! Steam laundry: part
for sale; cood chance. McBRIDE & CO..
Market «i. ; phone Red 3133.
$17f> — CIGAR store, In toed condition. Mc-
RftlDK fc CO., 7ey Market st.
A- 40 CIGAR fitenda; prices ' ?75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 dally: rents $6 to $125 month.
I can «»!l you a first-cla«s stand at im-oice.
«'. L. .HEbGES. 4a-4C2 Parrott building:.
$+00- WILT/- buy half interest in well-pavinsr
*alooa: gco<i legation; n«arK*arny Et.; look
at thie before buying elsewhere. P. L.- VE
LUCA.A CO., 318 Kearny St.-
FOR r«ie cheap— The BrooksviHe Hotel and
her roadhouise oppoeile Ho!y Cre« ¦Cemetery;
ficn MtXfo Co.;;, no reasonable offer refused.
Further Information J. Llnfisey, Colxna, Cat.
:j_ EMPLOYMENT' WAXTED--i>IALE^
SITUATION v/antedby~a large boy 16 years
_old;jcan take care of horses: would like, to
¦-, flo any kind of work in country:' good home
1 -preferred. ¦ Please" call -or ' write .to 1278
•¦-„ Twelfth; ave.;;. Sunset District.- , ' ¦'•-.'•'-¦• J -.- t - J
WANTED— Position by lumberman ; had expe-
rience in air branches of. the business: is also
a good accountant; had experience as manager
six' years: competent to take charge of busl-
ness; city or country.. Address box 4120. Call.
RELIABLE man .wants position in ' private
i ; place ; understands the care of horses: i good
' driver; can. milk and attend to garden;: good
references. — Box - 4139, Call office. . ;
A GOOD I reader, correspondent, and nurse of
traveled esperience wishes to attend on an in-
valid; no objections to- country; Al refer-
ences. Box 4151. Call office. >
INDUSTRIOUS young man, strong and willing:
'.can milk: understands horses and gardening;
handy with tools : desires • work a anywhere.
_; Box 4177. Call of flee., . . ¦;
MIDDLE-AGED German gardener wants posl-'
, tion as such and take care of place gener-
' ally. Box 414S,Cair office. -<•-¦¦
YOUNG, - reliable, trustworthy man wishes' a
, situation; understands taking care horses and
garden. Box 4147, Call office. ','
FIRST-CLASS. machinist wants Job; will leave
city. Box 4140, Call office. : -
EXPERIENCE mine blacksmith wants work
on gold mine. Addrcs N. P. WINTER, 1020
Howard st." '
PRACTICAL gardener good worker; refer-
ences. Address box 4181, Call office. ..
GOOD baker wants a situation; country pre-
. 'ferred.y Box 4176,. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions . has been established at 1098
Valencia st. *
TO exchange—A flrX~cTTy lot for'. upright
piano.. 11 City. Hall square.
- ; FINANCIAL^
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust. Co. (Inc.) — W«
have 42 offices ln operation: new method of
' placing- stocks and bonds; companies incor-
. porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 607V8-9 Parrott bldg.
COMPANIES -Incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted: inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us. Pac. States Mining & Invest. Co..326Post.
.FLATS TO LET. '
$17— SUNNY upper flat, 6 j rooms and bath,
modern.' $1(5 50—5 rooms and bath. House
In Larkspur, furnished. 13 rooms, cheap.
. PATTERSON, 11 City Hall square.
A BRAND new. 6 rooms and bath, facing
park: low rents. 75B to 769 Sixth ave. ;' Mc-
Allister. Geary or Sutro cars to door: keys
opposite premises. '
A— REDUCED rents; swell new flats, facing
Golden Gate Park: 5 to 8 rooms each, 600
to 529'Frederlck'st., near Stanyan. .
MODERN corner flat, 8 large sunny rooms and
attic. lt>32 Page wt. .
SUNNY upner flat; 4 rooms. 416H Hyde St.;
key n,t 418 Hyde. .
FLATS TO LET— .FURNISHKU.
BUSH. 1960— Newly r^fnshed modern flat; 8
rooms; rent ressonable. Call bet. 10 and 4.
GOLDEN GATE, 1617— Flats 4 & 2 rms., pan-
tries, closets, piano, garden $28. $15; 1 to 4.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In osk, »43 60, wlTh No.7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
NEW furniture of fi-room flat for sale. Apply
PHIL S. BEEL. PE. cor. Clsy.and Davis.
FURNITURE WANTED.
Al WOLLPERT, 773 Mission it., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 13M.
__ __ _ „„
D. & F. BLACK euede glove; best lnThT^worldl
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP AV ANTED— FEMALE.
aT c"." R. IIANSEn"& CO. ' S .. Phone vGrant 185
¦ Hotel Department
Chamberma id, country hotel $20
Waitress, same place, fares paid ....$20
2 waitresses, R. R.- eating house $20
Dinner waitress 50c
Chmbprmd. to wait, choice place, country.$20
2 waitresses,, first-class hotel, city.. ....$30
Waitress, first-class hotel, .short dlstancc.$25
- ..-.•.' Family Department
If you want a place In this department, call
and see us, as there are too 'many places to
advertise. - . I
C. R; HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
A WAITRESS for a first-class hotel, $2D, short
- distance: call early;- choice place. C. • R.
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary »t.
A CHAMBERMAID, Southern California, fare
paid, $20; a colored maid.' C. R. HANSEN
. & CO., 104 Geary 8t.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO. . . . .Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, first-class grillroom, $25 and
room, - fares paid, see party here; waitress
and chambermaid, same hotel, short distance,
$20 each, fare paid; 2 waitresses, first-class
summer resort, $20, fares paid: 3 chamber-
maids to wait, $20; chambermaid, city, $20;
2 chambermaids. $7 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
3 cooks, $30; 2 houseglrla, $30;. 6 housegirls,
city and country, $20 and $25; 3 housegirls,
country, $2D. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
, 335 Geary st.
2. NEAT young salesladies for candy store. $7
week: desirable position. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary st.
WANTED— 4 cooks, little wash, $30; second
girl, $20-$25; cook and second girl, same
house, $30-$25; 2 infant nurses, city, refer-
ences,. $26; 10 hotel and restaurant wait-
resses, $25-$30: waitress for Vallejo. $25; 10
housework girls, $25-$3O; girl for San Luis
Oblspo, see lady here, $25; Fresno. $25. fare
paid; 00 girls for all kinds of housework, city
and country, $20-$25-$30. Apply • to J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 334 Sutter st.
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will instruct Inexperienced hands the trade
of making overalls free of charge; will be
paid while learning. LEVI STRAUSS A
CO.. 82'$ Fremont »t. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
MILLINER V — Wanted, good trimmer for coun-
try position. Apply MULLER & RAAS CO.,
.731 Market st. -
WANTED — Young woman for general house-
work: good cook; two In -family; references.
Call Wed.:c?'''ay, 2520 Pacific ave.
AT Pacific Hairdresslng College, Murphy bld.i r.
D-i;halrdress.,masnage.manicur.,wlgs, switch.;
etc. :cours,e,$5:2 wkn. ;po*itlon gtcurediday.eve.,
FINISHERS on ladles' tailor-made Jaokets.
_ M. ROTHBCWILP, 626 Sutter lit. -'
SKIRT hands on ladW tailor-made skirts.
M. ROTHSCHILD. f>20 Sutter st.
WANTED— Nf at, willing young girt to assist
with, housework; 3 In family. 217 Third ave.
FIRST- olass finishers at , dressmaking. 500
Bills st. , ' ¦ .
AN experienced apprentice on fine coats. 305A
Mason st.
WANTED— Girl to asnlst with housework;
wages. $18^ 020_,yalond>v st. '
GIHL for housework and' cooking; $20; no
washing. Call mornings, at 014 20th st.
GERMAN Klii" for general housework; small
family, 484 Frederick st.^ ' ¦. «. " - '.
AMATEUR nerfornws wanted. Apply at
Chutes at 6 o'clock this evening.
YOUNC} girl to press children's wear. 220 Sut-
tcr St.. room. 25. ; - ' «. ¦
TAII.OUEfiH on vests; must be good button-
hole maker, 2<3 Montgomery tt., room 24. '
LADIKS wanted fw dramatic company; we
__teach^ you at my,, Ellis St.," rooms tt and 8.
'WANTED— First-class tailored on coats. 84%
Mocw »t.. bet: Sixth and Seventh. ." ' ¦
BUTTON-HOLE maker; steady work at -beat
wages; must be: first class. ¦ BELASCO ..&
HARR1S:CO., 641 Market st. .-¦¦-
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
- learning. BEL A SCO & HARRIS CO.;. 5-41
Market Kt-^sati^fije^j^ggigg^^^^gggSfBfBBm
¦W ANTED— A strong young woman : as cook ¦ ln
'.--- a ¦' small restaurant: S20 and ' found. -Box
•i4*33.-.CaU ofilce. '¦:-.'. ;¦;..¦
EXPERIENCED operators » on overalls; Inex-
perienced: paid "' while learning. 0 Hlllst.,
bet. TWenty-flrat and Twenty-second. . >
GIRL' for general housework; wages $20. Ap-
. ply at 2514 Clay at. .. .-¦--
OPERATORS^ on ladles' wear to work ln fao-
' tory. • 656^ Mission . st.. fourth- floor.
EXPERIENCED waitresses wanted.- 20. Third
:, street.; ;¦' .-.¦.*' -:,¦•-¦>¦ -/-":"''.;'. .' ¦¦¦•»"¦
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House,
, 825 Battfcry st. . . . : . -
GOOD pants finisher, wanted; wages $9-$10.
] 000 Harrison at., cor. Sixth. v-.-
WANTED-t-'a girl : to : help around the kitchen.
Apply 2030 Seventeenth st, near Vermont.
UPSTAIRS girl; ; German. 2930 Sacramento
st...cor.^Broderlck. J .' ¦• <- \-n "¦; J A-' > ri
.WANTED— First" class mrtllnery ¦aleslady.
Apply between 8 arid 11 a. m.. at Hale Bros.
MOSET ™J^-™'^,
A^H^R^^NMURPHY. 601-602 Examiner Mg
..., $4,500,000 at Lowest Rates..
On First and Second Mortgages
..On Life Interests in Estates
- ..Property Beintt Held in Trust..
Undivided Interests in Real E3t*>-
Life Insurance Policies: Estates in Probate:
Financial Problems of all sorts and size3.
..........IF YOU NEED MONET. .........
See HERMAN MUP.PHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.)
$300 O0O at 5Vi and *» P er cent ln sums to sult :
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
. terests in real estate and legacies: pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bid?.
ANY AMOUNT AT '! PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
, Undivided interest tn real estata ln probata..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing buslnesa elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
...24 Montgomery st.. room 3. .....>...
ANY proposition, any amount: 0 per cent; first,
second and third mortgage?, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 13.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSE.V.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
Geary st. ; phona Red 1C0U. (
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at
lowest rates.. Baldwin Jewelry Store. SH
Market st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1» Third.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos;. no lemova!;
lowest rate; private, confidential. ORMSBW
26 Montgomery St.. room 7, opp. Lick House.
$500,000 AT 6 per cent, in sums to suit ln city;
S 130,000 on lame ranches at fair rates; sec-
ond mortgs. R. J. Mercer & Son. 412 Pine.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rate3. BECKER. 3<S Geary, room 3fi.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loana to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO ...143 Phelan bid?.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianoa; no removal: low rates: conflden-.
tlal. WHITEHSAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party no removal: no commtsaion: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
$10 UP on furniture, pianoa: no com.: privata
party. St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy. rm. 72. 4th fir.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan: stop pay-
ing rent. MURDOCK. 514 Pine st. '
ON3 per cent on furniture; $3 a month on each f
11000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. L
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Kxc. 431 California.
CASH loaned salaried people on not» without
lndorser. MORRELL. 60ft Examiner bldg.
8% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no r*-
moval. Phone Black 1709. Room SI. 6 Edd y.
ON furniture, pianos: lowsst rats; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 118 McAlllsf r st.
IF you want a home I wilt loan you money t«
. buy tt. A. E. RUDELL. 223 Saasomo st.
LOANS money on salsry; no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Wsstsrn Loan Co.. 300 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALL must go without reserve. Sala op^nm
Monday morning at 8. First callers will nt
first choice of ISO pUnos. 8om* special bar*
gains:
1 Bommtr $m
1 Antlsell J39
1 Nsuman (small upright) |35
I Shsrman ft Hyd« $93
4 Chlckerlngs from 1135 to> $235
3 Steinways from .il3Sto$39S
87 Hetnes from $183toV505
80 new upright pianos exactly th« tamo as
offered as bargains by others for $183 we will
sell for $08. Only direct factory representa-
tives on the PaclHo^Coast. Agents wanted
everywhere. HEINE PIANO CO..
Geary St.. opp. Union Square.
A GOOD tdea ln. buying a piano is to be sur«
that you are getting a reliable instrument
from a reliable house who will be respcu-
nible for it and see that it Is kept In order.
There are so many fakirs abroad ln the land,
and fake sales are so often resorted to. that
a purchaser cannot be too careful. We- sell
the Wlssner. Decker. Baumeister and other re-
liable pianos. You buy on the payment plan
if you wish. THE 2ENO MAUVAIS MUaiC
CO.. 769 Market st.
'ALTHOUGH many seemlnirly advantageous
propositions are offered m the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, buc
can offer exceptionally fine pianoa and lar«-
est assortment of best makes to choose from
SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers"
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broaci-
way and Thirteenth 8t3., Oakland.
ATTENTION'. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— '¦
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
EON. 18 to 20 CFarrell. Chickering, Masoa
. & Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken bade any tlm»
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; : costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 .
. O'Farrell st. : established 1850.
SOHMER & CO. pianos; Byron Mauzy ptanos:
Lester pianos; Spiel mann pianos; Cecilia rx
perfect piano player; pine organs. 30S, 310.
312 Post st.
SMALL upright, $35; large cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; A. B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $273.
Bowers & Son. 23 5th St.. Ivers & Pond agts.
WE offer for one week 12 beautlfulplanos at
. bargain prices from $85 np. T. w. 8PEN-
CER & CO.. corner Butter and Powell sta.
OUR pianos the leading makers ; price $100 up-
ward; values best ln the city. PIERCE' 8
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th and Church.
A FINE lot of axtistio pianos now on display
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 931 Market st.
AT auction prices, 87 pianos thla week dirt
cheap; new and second-hand tor storage and
advances. "WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
$63 — SMALL upright piano: fine condition!
must b* sold account dooaxture. Call far**
noons this week only 2213 OctaMa, st.
WANTED — Four good squares > for hall*.
BYRON MArZY. 310 Post St.
2 ELECTRIC self-playing pianos; bargains.
BYRON MAP2Y. 310 Post st. •
HANDSOME 3- pedal upright piano; safirtflc*
account unforseen circumstances. 823 Eddy.
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights nearly
new. JO3. SCHMITZ A CO.. 18 McAllister.
8TILL renting new pianos, $3 per month.
SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. BCO SaytTst.
SUPERIOR violins, stthers, old and new. H."
MULLER. maker, repairer. 8 Latham place,
OFFICES AND STOItES TO LETT.
PACIFIC, 32S, near Sansome— Handsome lare*
store; cheap.
SUNNY offices Just below .Kearny st., llOt
also large store. Keys 638 Clay st.. room L?
OIL.
OIL tanks. Znd-hand, in good order: alt stisai
H. 8. WHITE, 180-133 Beale st.
Rooms papere<T$3 up; painting 4rTintin«"3eniI
Hartman Paint Co.. 81» 34 St.; tel. Red 8Q3X.
FIRST-CLAHS work; low rates; get nguree. j;
C. ROMAINE. 640 O. O. >ve.; tel. font 1433q
PALMISTRY.
MRS. K. PE2ARCE3, tclentlfio business palmist,
parlors 12 and 13. The Vendome. 1104. Market
st. ; hours from ft a. m. to 10 p. m.
MRS. II. Ellenwocd, eelentlflc palmist and life
rending; 9 a.m.,S p.m. 483 Oeary. cor.Taylor.
MME. O. L. NEEROAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post st.. corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 015
Taylor et.. bet. Oeary and Pout: tel. Black B«t.
PARTSERS WASTED.
PARTNERSHIP lntere«rTnrwhc^sarr*JobbTns
and manufacture* business, well estab-
lished; competent business man necessary to
it« e n£ Ctl T e ,. I)a . rt: "a? 11 * 4 required. $10.C0O to
$15,000; full inveittliratlon: principals only.
Address box 4175. Call office. ~ ,
PERSONALS^
NOTICE TO ALL^MY~CUST^n?R^T*hava
opened a new fine store for dry cleaning
wbrka. Imported iacna and embroidered linen
a specialty, on 1927 Polk st;. near Pacific
av».; formerly Van Ness ave.. corner oZ
respeetfaUy. MRS. J. DORA
'^ I^ CH? ? ER ' !L ee Splndler; tel. Larkm 4013;
25 years experience.
E \f£T R l? T ! i? h i ln ev «y room-Wlnchescr
»-,?!: «V Jn d 8t ," ncar Market: 700 roonw;
fr« '*, f? n!sht: ** 50 to 10 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
<W «i Y K KUeS ? ? T ou can be certain of stylo and
?iJi y us , tn^ Sta " ( ' art Patterns :• March -p*t-
. l??T?».^ " d - Th « DesiKner now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Doir - e8 »c office^ loai Market, nr.btli.
A "^ HAT , do • you think ? "^T~BERMAN^ ia
Ellfs. makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 3uO patterno.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, ' single, three-quarfr
SJ-' 10^ 1 *. $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadw**.
BUSINESS CHANCES — Contlnned. I
; JOSEPH STRAUB,
S50 Market St.. corner Stockton.
¦ Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Acent. . '
Property Bought and Sold.
Rents Collectod. . . , ¦•¦-,•
Loana Negotiated.
Legitimate Business
Agent. |
'.A SPECIAL OPPORTUNITY V j
To open a cash grocery store on prominent j
established transfer corner in Oakland; ele- j
gant nxtures, co^t nearly $1000; entire rent J
-"only *25 month: s«: to-dny. :
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.. I
460 and 462 Eighth St., Oakland. j
HEALY & CARR, 0 Eddy St., San Francisco,
rooms IS and 19; phone James 2771 — We sell
• a!l Uinds of business opportunities, city and
I country real estate. Call or write for -our
printed list properties Jor sale and exchange, j
$250— PARTNER: manufacturing business;
only one of the kind in the State; large
profits ; live man. Business Board of Trade,
S26 Pine tt. - ¦ ¦ ¦
i $523 — TAILORING on Market Bt. ; full value ln
eight; good will; cause for sale, owner study-
Ing medicine: cheap rent. G. Newton, 759 Mkt.
$1500— TRUNK manufacturing business, with
valuable patent attached; or will take a part-
ner. Apply at SSC Howard st. " ;
A SNAP — Restaurant and chop house: on ac- *
count sickness; ?200; must be Eotd. 411 4th. j
WANTED— Partner with $5000 to $10,000 in |
law bus.; long eetab. ref. requested. 4439,Call. !
SALOON and property for sale. Call at
CAMPE CO., 221 Front st. j
IF you are seeking safe and profitable invest-
ment, write for proepectus of the Metropoli- '
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association j
MnccrporatPd under New York State laws) ; |
a limited number of shares at $100 each. N. j
S. HAND. Secretary, 113 Stockton st. i
OT_"R N«w Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most profitable ever
devised: avprage monthly profits over SO per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO..
Expert Handicappers. 113 Stockton st. j
SALOON, corner lot. property, stock and fix- J
• tures for tale or rent: opposite railroad depot |
• in Paso Robles. Address JOHN G..ENGEL, I
Paso Robles. Cal. ' - - j
$100_;;.ALOON; old established; transfer cor-
ner; low r*nt; long lease. Call office. .
MAN with $40 cash can clear S100 in a f<»w
weeks; call and investieate. 735A Ellis st. ,
SALOON — A smajl corner for sale; good stand.
Inquire at 143 Fifth St.: no agents; $450.
LODGING-HOUSE9 FOR SALE.
A— SPECIAlTsO rms.: cor.; clears $lt>5; $500
cash. bal. easy terms; price 11600. Rfteloff.
A — WE offer any of following on easy terms:
70 rnifc.; elegant; long lease; clears $400.(6800
10 rooms; celling on account of death.. 400
20 rooms; clears $125; payments 1000
J<: rooms; Eddy Bt. ; reduced to 900
5 rooms; flat; bargain 200
22 rooms; 3d et.; clears $100; payments. 700
JO rooms; Jones-et corner; only 275
7 rooms; bargain; easy terms 300
17 rooms; clears f75; only 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $60 450
A. H. RETSLOFF A CO.; phone John 531.
ftOO M«rk«»t »t.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A— Near The Call building.
Telephone BUck 1-S-O-J.
MARION GRIFKIN, 710 Market St., nns. 1-2.
MONEY TO LOAN.
Big fre* list of lodging- houses st my office.
All for ral ' on easy t*rms. Plesse call.
BUYERS AND SELLERS.
Pltast remember that I havt three comp»-
tent, courteous sober business men associated
with me and that we will gladly refer you to
hundreds of people for whom wt have don*
business to their entlro satisfaction. WE
SELL city and country property, lodging-
houses, hotels and businesses of all kinds.
: WINSTON A WOLF .
10M Msrket st .1028 Market st.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
1« re»ora!« : cor. ; new furn. ; payments.. $1150
20 roomei'rent $60; good furniture 1000
23 rooms: rent $65: mut>t sell. 1250 i
2» room*; corner: cheap rent 1600
2*» rooms: rent $75;must sell y. 1200;
fiO rootne; new; corner; rent $200; elector. I
,- i
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
860 Market st. .. .(Inc.). .. .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
', • New houses to lease.
A CAMEP.ON & CO..
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list, with us; buyers call: we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels. lodging-houseE,
flats; all sizes and prices; in all parts of city.
KRASKY & CO., 1W9A Market st.
A — 20 rooms; punny side of Ellis Et.; $750 j
cash, balance easy payments; -snap.
$jkqo — Transient house, near Mkt. & Taylor.
20 rooms; near City Hall; rent $50 $1400
22 rooms; on ow floor: new carpets; owner |
leaving city; great bargain. ' >
23 ROOMS; all sunny: 2 floors; all full; steady ]
roomers: will sell cheap on easy terme. M. i
E. RIVES. 916 Market Ft;. tel. Main 12S. ;
12 ROOMS; all eunny; running water; rent $50;
nice home on «aey terms; mon*y loaned. M.
E. RIVES. 91fi Market Bt. ; tel. Main 12S. j
McBRIDE & CO. 765 Market St.— Some bar- !
gains: $3300 — 33 rooms. $2000 — 32 rooms:
$750 — 16 rooms. $1300 — 21 rooms. $600 — 23 j
rooms. $550^ — 10 rooms. CO mGre houses, j
some bargains, in different locations.
A — NOTICE — TC^ have rooming-houses, all
sizes and prices. In all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Markt. !
LODGING-HOUSE 9 tunny rooms; steady
gentlemen roomers. 1100 Van Ness ave.
MCALLISTER. 769— 10 rooms, all full, newly
furnished: clears $40: price $750.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C, V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues.. Frt.. Sun., 8 p. m.; 50c. 1084 Bush »t.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Fsrrell et.: Ellis car.
ELSIE REYNOLDS 7 !^ materializing seance
Wednetdsy, Thursday, Friday eve. 325 Ellis
•t. ; SOc.
To-night; 117 Larkin; a grand spiritual revival;
convincing tests. K. Heussman, M. Bird; 10c.
Mrs. Sral, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no psy. Avondale, 142t Market.
EARLE'S afternoon seance, 2 o'clock, 25c, 323
Ellis ft., Wednesday. March 12.
EDWARD EARLE. 328*'EUrs";~readlngs dally;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP HaU.'3.t5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
mme.m? Bernard! ~~
thr famous
and buHlnens medium, permanently
located at 17 Third »t.. next Examiner bldsr.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
venlngs and portrays events to occur In the fu-
tur*. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or huRlne«s troubles, consult thin great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
tin m. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: SSo
up; nuinfactlon suamnterd. Tel. Black 4560.
A-Wc and. ?1. PROF. WELLBR. clairvoyant!
scientific palmlut, card 'reader; ndvice on bust-
nen«, tpecuUtlon, love and domestic troubles,
settles lovers' quarrels, rminlten separated,
tell* whom you will msrry, how to win m.«n
or woman you love; mail $1; «end dat« birth,
lock ha-lr. 6 qumtlimp. 1007 % Market, nr. flth.
MRP. DR. V. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located nt 1200 Mur*
kft St.. cor. Golden Qate ave., rooms 25 and
20; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by malt; send stamp' for pamphlit
with rpeclal tcrmn. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future: never fails: lmn the srreateat
Kgyptlan secret: shown picture future hus-
band or wife; fee 25c and up; satisfaction tt
everybody; open Sun.. 10 to 8 p. m. 215'^ 6th.
1SMAR, the Egyptian Gyp*y. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently locafd 1148 Market, op-
po*lt«-Wsth: private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. in.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 320A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
qucs.; full names; 60c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; busings
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.'.. .
MRS. JACQUE. trancr. sittings: palmistry 1L
card reading: 2f>c & 50c. 300 5th St.. r.' 12/
MKS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; lauTea
- 25c. gents 50: readings dally./ 132 Sixth st.
MRS. LA VON. wonderful fortune teller: truth
or no pay: 25c and 50c. 704 Howard, cor. 3d.
MRS. R Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 222 Eddy to 407 OJFarrell.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from l^ouislana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna Bt.. nr. 4th.
CAPE NOME.
FOR freight' and passage to Cape Nome and
Yukon River points. Call or write C. F.
MOORE. '035 Market Bt.. room fi. .
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law anfi Collection AgertcylT6th
floor, 916 Market st.; advice free. Tel, Bush
_104j_able body of attorneys.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 827 Market st.
I CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEANING.'
¦WHEN 'you become disgusted with poor work,
send to '¦ SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, :{53-:C7,Tehama st.;:tel. South 40.
AMERICAN" Carpet-beatlns 'VVorks— Cleaning,'
renovated, rclald. 304 14th st.; tel. Capp 25 i'J.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter Et;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
I RUDOLPH & CO., carpet- beating works: prices
| reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.; tel.Mlssion 263.
I CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning ¦ Works.
] 333 Golden Gate ave. ;- telephone East 126. ..•
I J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 1-tth st; tel. Mission 74. . ¦
DENTISTS. __
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market st., Emma
' Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure gold fillings, 51 150: other
i fillings, '. $1:- gold and porcelain crowns, 55
up; plates, a full set of teeth that look^nat-
"ural and guaranteed, ?3 up.
Painless extraction. ;
I dofirst-^lass work only and guarantee ¦ it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or ..fillings '.by ¦' my
wonderful secret, palnieas method: 20 years',
experience; no students: ad\1ce free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
i ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market,. cor.
j 4th, r. 7. Flood bldg.; exlraetions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty :gold
I crowns $3 60 up: plates, extractions free. S4 50
I up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ;- Sundays,
i » to 2. J. .W. THATCHER. P.P.S.* Manager.
EAST Cental Parlors. C Turk st.. cor. Mason —
Expert paihless extractors; skilled opsrators: 1
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-.
I - EON, D. D. S.. proprietor and manager. *.
¦ A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot, break;
| warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings. 60c;.
' plates $5. full set;- all work painless an»l war-
i ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth ft.
! SEE my new pink ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable bridge; both warranted lifetime;
crowns. $2; fillings. 25c. Dr. Brown, 54 Sixth.
i PARIS Dental Parlor?. 235 Kearnv, cor. Bush—
j Fall get-of teeth. $4; crowns. S3; fillings. 50c.
METER. 46 O'Farrell. late of. 6 .Turk <. st. ;
crown and bridge work; gas specialist • .. .-.
i DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary' stT;' expert
j workmanship only: reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. • H. G v
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk St. . '
I DR.R.L. WALSH, Slb% GeaiT.nr. Larkin— Pain- ¦
i less ext.. 60c; plates $5 up: phono Polk 1138.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
DOGr HOSPjTALS. . r ,. ..,.¦.„
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. B10 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL. ~
HEALD'S 8CHOOLOF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night, 21 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. ¦ ¦
AYRES' Leading Busmen* ColleRe, 723 Market
— $8 per month; $o0 life ichnlamhlp gusran*
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
•pelting, Bpanlfh, etc.; exprrlenced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALrriT SCHOOL OF" MINES, 24 POST BT.,
8. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
all subject^ pertaining to mining and mining
engineering? day and night: catalogue free.
A— The LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor, l'hclan building. /
A— THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHElt-
MARSK COLLEGE. Is this advice worth
following? Lite scholarship $50; catalogue.
AT the Isst test at P. F. Bus. College, Ml»s
Stevenson wrot«» 202 words a minute, new
law matter; read perfectly: Gregg shorthand
: _ I* i tho fastest.
! ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po.
slttons. Alcazar building, 120' O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.. minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. ISM. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beglnuers and college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant, 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
' modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 303 Larktn fct.
SPANISH. French.etc.Prof.De Flllppe's Academy
of Languages.320 Post ;estab'd 1871 ;ablest profs.
VIOLIN, guitar, mandolin, banjo . taught in
class, $1 month. 1S36 Eddy; phone Pine 433.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar. wrlURg,
| etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. Uth.
'SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
j MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
! VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI.good
j teacher. 1008 Mission; Instruments selected.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr.lOth;
' Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.; $6 mo.
j ILLUSTRATION— PA RTINGTON'S DAY and
I ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
j HEALD'S Business College. 24 Ipost St., S. F.;
i founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE reliable house-cleaning, cooks
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoshlta, 1223 Page, cor. Lyon; teLFell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best.»»p. 411% O'Farrell St.-, te). East 426.
CHINF.SE and Japanese help; estab.' 20 yeais.'
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
. ton; tel. Grant 16S; expert, reliable help..
JAPANESE and Chinese best help: cook and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO.'AOKI; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of- i
nee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524. Bush St.; tel.' 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter;t»l.Black 5072.'
EMPLOYMENT XV A NTKP— -FE M A LE.
RELIABLE woman wants position to do gen-
eral housework; good, plain cock; wages $25;
city or country. 1730 Pacific Bt., West Oak-
land. Cal. .
FRENCH girl having her mornings to spare
would teach French to children. Address
Teacher, Call branch office, ."00 Hayes st.
AN Englishwoman wishes a pomltlon; flrstrclans
cook; best of references given. Please call or
address 530 DevlBadero st., corner Hayes.
POSITION wanted — Two flrst-clatn glrln from
tho Kant, with references, at once. IJox 11S5,
Call office. . ¦ '. •
A.TOUNG girl would like a place In the coun-
try; can do plain cooking. Apply 4 Sunny
court, off Geary, bet. Webster and Buchanan.
CULTURKD and hlghl y~ educated lady, with
best credentials, wishes poslttou as 'resident
'governesH. Apply box 4138, Call office. ,
YOUNG German woman wants 'work by • Ihe
. day. 21S Hickory ave. - .
FASHIONABLE dressmaking; perfect fit guar-
- antced; terms reasonable. 700 McAllister st,
UISKMAN girl wishes position In liukery; city
references. Write or cull ,723 Eighteenth St.,
corner Mlnnenota. ' ' /
WORKING houaekeepnr wants eltuntlnn. Call
or address 31 Van Ness ave.; no triflers.
WOMAN wsnts general housework and cook-
POSITION ss Infant's nurse; no objection to
countty: l"«<t of; references; first-clasn wagAg
expected. Address Nurse, Call Branch, 106
lClevrnth St. . . , . . ' .. ¦
JAPANESE girl wants situation .as-, rook and
housework; wages $ft up. YAKT," 471 'Jesslo.
WlNCHKSTEirHoiiser4*t Third st..'ne7rTf«r"
kct— £00 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night ;$1 SO
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; freo
bus and baggago'to and from ferry. < >
CLASSIFIED BdvertlKements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, : 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOOtl
Valencia st. » ¦ ¦•¦
EMPLOYMENT .- "WANTED-— MAtiE.
SOOTCHmXn. " r "agea*7sf». recently discharged
from U. S. army, excellent cliaractBr, : rteslrea
situation as.- timekeeper,-, watchman, or; gen-.
. orally useful man in warehouse; 'small wages
' to start. Box 44412, Call. %
A ' TINSMITH, first-rate workman at \all
. branches of the trade, • wants a « job; city or
country: wages' to nuit employer. ' Address
Sheetiron," box 4i41. Call 'Office. " -,•¦•'.:-:--
STEADY married man" wants' work as a paint-
er for ' a company: or any > outside painting.
1138 Clara 'at. ',..'-¦;
HOTEL and barrr.air desires , position in" the
country with hotel ¦¦ or summer ; resort ; refer-
ences. Address ; box 4184, Call office.
CABINETMAKER and ." carpenter. «ge 45,
. wishes Tvork In an institution, hotel; any kind
of work. , Box 4436, Call , office. , *
CAPABLE stenographer desires employment at
\ moderate • salary. Address . SCH UM ACHEK
'&.CO-. 621 Market st. j, - ¦ '. . ~- : ,
BTDADY," reliable man wants •¦'¦ position ' as
watchman and elevator man. 725 Utah st.
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE-— Cob.\
WANTED— Immediately. 3 ambitious girls to
learn hairdressing.from A' to Z in : 2, weeks
"and take . charge of private customers where
'you can earn $50 ptr month; course $5. Col-
- lege,":S33 Geary, st.,- rooms 13-15.' -¦; /;
! A GERMAN girt, for cooking, light housework
¦'-¦and »lain ironing; wages $25; also a German
girl for upstairs work and to help with older
¦children;' wages $20 to $25.' ~ 1817 California.'
GERMAN woman as governess: state religion;
, salary, $00. - Box 2994, Call office.
CIjASSIKIED~advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office; 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
y-.- -Valencia st. *'-".. "' • . •' : ¦
•¦ S . HELP ; , WANTED— MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY ;'. Phone Main 5843
Leading Employment and Labor Agents;
.....'..'.. ....Office Open 7 a. m. ... : :...
18 milkers, ..fare from 50c to §6,; wages $30
and $35 and ' found; ;5 choremen and milk,
$25 and $30; . farmer and wife, Santa Clara
County; gardener, see boss here 2 p. m. to-
day; -experienced . farmer, stock ranch. $30
-and .found; -driver wholesale milk route, $50
and - room; 2 farmers and wives; 15 - farm
hands and teamsters. $20, $25 and $30 and
WOODCHOPPERS. . . .... .'. .CHEAP FARES
35 more woodchoppers, good camp, 3 years'
job, virgin timber, good wages . . .
Redwood, SOc. . . ........ .. .Hardwood, $1 50
Pine. $1 25... '.'. .. ....,:.Tles. 10c to 16c
Stenographer and - bookkeeper, country; boy,
country store: shoemaker, $10 week.
'HOTEL DEPARTMENT .........
£ hop . and : wagon butcher, country, $30 and
found; second baker, country: baker's help-
ers, $25 and $16 and found; 7 cooks, $33 to
550 and found; 3 waiters. MURRAY J &
READY. 634-636 Clay st.
AT the California' Emp. Agency.
50 Third St.. near Call bldg.; phone Bush '405.
• SAWMILL AND LUMBER CREW.
2 lumber graders (sugar pine).. $2 50 per day
-1 lumber grader (sugar pine)..S6O per month
Head trimmer (sugar plne)....$»jO per month
Edgerman (sugar pine) $3 per day
Head setter (sugar pine) $3 per. day
' 20 experienced lumber pliers;. .... $2 per day
20 men .to lay steel , (sawmill . company) $2
per day ....;... r..
FREE FARE.. FREE FARE
15 : railroad, laborers (sawmill company), §20
per month 'and board, 8 months' work, free
fare. "\
' ' FARE ADVANCED.
3 .carpenters, rough work, $2 50 per day; 15
redwood tiemakers, lie per tie; ship railroad
laborers and tlemen today; 2 paving block
makers, $19 per 10C0; iron and grill worker,
city. $3 to $3 50 per' day. _^^
SECOND cook, country hotel, $35 and found;
oyster fryer, $40 and $45; cook family hotel.
$50; cook, and wife,' $55; restaurant waitpr.
$1 5ft day; night man for hotel, '$20 and
. found; waiter and houseman, $25 and found;
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Bacramento Bt.
FARMER and wife, $60; man about place, $30
and found; 2 milkers, $30 and found; 3
drivers, for milk wagons. $150 and found and
$50; farmers, $20 and* $26 and found; stable-
man for country, $25 to $27 BO and found;
carriage woodworker, $3 to $3 50 day; lum-
ber sorter, carriage setter, pondman and
others.. J. F. CRO8ETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento at.
AN experienced man to cars for dogs for coun-
try club. »$30 and found;' butter-mnker, coun-
try, $35; milker, few cows and chore*, $25;
ft Portuguei« milkers for Oregon, 930 and
fare paid; for the woods— 6 choppers, ?45 and
* found; 4 barkers. $35; Juiltor, city, $S3 ami
found. W. D. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay st.
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St.— German
butler, city, $36; gardener who can run gaso<
lln« engine, $30; porter, country hotel, $30;
assistant cook, $20 and found; vegetablenmn,
$26; hotel waiter, $30; young man to run
Hevstor, $1B, ete. '. . . ¦ .
A GOOD"slzed errand boy, who lives with his
parents, for this office. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 OeAry St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12;
Walter, country hotel. $2S.
BARBER shop for sale—Averages from $120 to
$130 per month: established 8 yearsj shop and
flat of 3 well-furnished rooms for family of
4; rent $15; price $250; $100 cash, the rest $10
per month at 4 per cent interest. 1035 Guer-
rero st.
WANTED — Steady i man s.to take order* in
store, collect, etc., In light, genteel business;
will pay $18 to $20 per week; "must, hava
$150 cash. Apply 763 Market St., - room 3.
BOY wanted -16 -years old: one prefered who
has worked ln store; references required.
Golden Eagle Clothing Co, 1Q4 Kearny st.
WANTED — Strong boy, 16 to 18 years old. for
wholesale house; German preferred. Address
box- 14, Call office. . -
» ¦
WANTED — Steady young man as partner ln
light business; good wages made to start;
only $150 needed. Apply 36 Geary st., r. 1.
MESSENGER boy wanted in wholesale sta-
tionery house; salary\$12 a month. Address
box 4437. Call office. ;
BOY. living at home, to drive with a doctor
and useful about house and yard. . 2101
, Devisadero et. ' .. ' .
WANTED — Good salesman in grocery; state
age and references. Address box 3G60, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED — Reliable man. light work, salary,
$50 per month; must have $»j0 cash; steady
place. Apply 10% Sixth st. ,
BARBER' shop, 3 revolving chairs: old stand;
Western Addition; can be botfjfht cheap and
on part payment. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker wanted by the week.
Donohoe bldg., room 12: wages no object.
INTELLIGENT boy; knowledge men's furnish-
lng. yD. C. HEOER. 723 Market St., rm. 35.
WANTED— Press boy. Apply 141 Fremont st.
WANTED — Young-man to make himself useful
ln an oyster house. SE. cor. 24th and Folsom.
YOUNG German boy, some experience grocery
and bar. Seventeenth and Eureka sts.
BLACKSMITH'S finisher, one accustomed to
wagon and buggy work. .1168 Mission st.
SECOND cook wanted at 17 Powell st.
EXTRA waiter! noon work. 612 Kearny st
COLORED boy wanted— MRS. S. R. HALL,
10 Kearny st.
WANTED— Boy with experience as coatmaker.
12« Kearny st., room 50.
BOY wanted at Central Iron Works, 151 Beale
street
WANTED— Elderly experienced night clerk for
lortglng-houge. Apply 10 o'clock at 149 3d st.
FIRST-CLASS pa'perhanger wanted; nono
other. SW. corner Devisadero and Page sts.
AT 630 Market st.— Ex-soldiers to file extra
pay claims, etc. , O. £. HOWE,
WANTED— Young man experienced as entry
clerk In a wholesale house; must be good
penman, quick and accurate at figures; state
age and references when making application.
otherwise not considered. Box 443.1, Call.
WANTED— An experienced. Japanesrt butler:
wages $35; flrst-ciasB city rcferencea required.
Call in the afternoons of Tuesday and Wed-
negdny at 1801 Franklin st.
UARBEItS— Half Interest in one of largest and
best paying shops, with baths. , in city for
sale; excellent reasons; snap for right party.
hox 4-134, Call,
*"O R sale— 2-chair barber shop; good location;
reason for selling, Imvlnr city. Call 703
Howard St.
WANTED— Sober, reliable yountr man with
some cash; no experience necesnary; $13 to
$15 week: steady place. Brown. 1221 Market.
W A NTED — Hoy for wholesale. Address, ttat-
Ing age and experience, box 4162, Call office.
YOUNG men wanted to jro whaling; no txoo-
Hence required. L. J.EVT, .Battery, and
Jackson sts, ¦ . .
WELL located 2-chalr barber shop, rent $3
_$J5_; leaving city. Addrcwn box 4170, Call.
iWANTKD — Young mnn with $00; ten A cash
• r«»taurantj_$40 month. BROWN. 1221 Market!
YOUNO men. blacksmlthB7^trpenters> and sea"
men for thlps_at_HERMAN'S, 20 Steuart st.
WANTED— Ueerultn for the marine corps , U
S. .navy, able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch:. able to speak and read English. For
further information apply At the Recrultlnz
Office, 40 Ellis st..- San Franclaco. .. ,.• ¦¦:
WANTED — Young man about 30 years of age
- ',for office" work; must be good, at,' figures:
\ first-class reference , required: ' state expert-
I ence and salary expected. - Address box 74J0.
¦ Call office. ", . . * ¦- ¦ -, .- ; ¦ .¦ -¦¦
MEN to learn barber trade;, barbers in demand*
only requires 8 weeks; tools donated: cata-
logue free. . MOLER'S BAREER COLLEGE;
635 Clay at. ; » . .
WiifTED — Laborers ; and mechanics to know
. that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor,', still
: .- runs : Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms: 25c per, night: $1 to $2 ; per week. ¦
WANTED— 60 men to , take lodging In, Cam-
brldge House, 543 Howard ; changed hands.
COATMAJJER '•-; for ."country.; ¦' Apply JlEIa3
1 BROS. &CO.. 24Sntter st.
EKTRA pay ; now ' du« U.- S.; Voluntears. . Call
- or write Sherwood, pension atty.. -624 Market.
6C0 ' MEN to buy new and 2d-hand < army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard st,-nr..6th.
YOUNG I men to , learn barber; trade ; catalogue
¦ mailed./" S.- F.i Barber ' College. 741A Howard.
PENSION 'atty.. E. A.^ BulUs. 3. - 40. PheUn
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G." A. R.''.CliOSINO QUOTATIONS.
1 TUESDAyT March Jl-<-4p, m.
BM.Ask. • , , l«ld.A'«k.'
Alpha , «w . — Ju»tfc(» mi .lo
Alt* -.«4 , OH K*ntuek 01 02
Andea <>* 05 Und y Wn»h... — o»
llelfth«>r ...... .05, "" Mexican 21) 30
Ht«t v * Delch. 22 2.1 OrddXitnl . . . 01 J t>
Bullion ...... .02 oiiOrihlr ,1 60 1 Of,
Caledonia ... 41 42 cn-erman .... 10 11
Challenge Con 20 21 Potosl ....... 10 ¦ n
Chcllar .....¦; 00 l'» Ravage / -07 . OS
Confidence...'.' '.- 70 --'• 76 'Scorpion .•..,.'.— ,04
Con Cal A Val 2.1 1 So "(egr Belcher... 03 04
Con. Imperial. 4 — 01 Sierra Npv. . . 14 ' ¦ IP
con NY..... oi 02 silver Hill... 66 CO
Crown Point. .05 ' o<i st Louis ..;;. — io
Eufpka C6n.. 18: — • Syndicate ... — m
Kxchequef . . ; — o2 fTnlbrl Con.;;. -2S» 27
(louldACur.. to .12 UtKh ........ 05 07
Hnle & Norc.V'28 .'«> fellow Jack.. 17 It),
Julia' '.: — (>l . - v I
600 Belcher 0" 1000 Crowrt Point.. 08
200 Bent & Belch. 23 200 Ophlr .'. ....... uo
200 Cnl«donla .... 4B f>oo Overman ,.,.- \2
700 Caledonia .... 4:i JB00,Ovarrnnn .... n
200 Con Cal & Vail .10 700 silver Hill.., flfl
800 Confldeneo ... 70' .'$00. Union Con.,. 2<j
, Afternoon Bunion. . . ¦ :
200 nf*t A Belch. 2.1 200 Mfxlcnn '..... 30
BOO O»!*donla . . . 41 ¦ BOO 'Ophlr .......1 00
20f) Caledonia '...¦' 40 .- BOO, 'Ovurnwih ..,.10
mo con c * v»..i an hoo r«vak« ; os
«OO Con Imrxrlftl. OI 2<K) Hllver . Hill. ... Bfl
2<X> Oould A Curry It 200 Union Con.... 20
Afternoon Session,
Morninr Session.
206 Bftlcher ...... 071 250 Op*ir 1 00
100 Con Cal & Va.l '.if.' 100 Savage ...... 08
400 Hal<3 & Nor. . 2fl 100 Union Con. . . . 20
3r»0 Ophir .V 9» 100 Union Con.... 27
CO Ophlr "... OS 600 Utah 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :
100 Best & Belch. 23 800 Savage 08
200 Caledonia .... 4O 200 Blerra Nev. . . 15
800 Challenge ..'.. 20 200 Silver HUI... 60
200 Mexican ..... 30 200 Union Con;.. 26
1100 Overman ...... 10 . R00 Utah 00
Followlnif were the edlea In the PaciftC Stock
Exchange yesterday :
Morriln? Session
NEW WEST1
F P Powell, Sta Cruz
r N C Allen & w, N J
2 H Foster, Boston
R Cary & w, Ohio
M H Fletcher,, Cal
E A Goble, Pt Rlchmd
C E Barnes, Phoenix
O R Hoyt & w, S Rafl
M W Stevens, Angel Is
J JUulroy, Ingleside .
:rn hotel.
G D Edson, Sacto
J H Sims,. Santa Rosa
P H Newberry, S Jose
C Salzman, Courtland
G B Smith, San Jose
G S Allen & w. Or
J O Leveridge. Iowa
Z D Scott & w, Minn
W W Eun, El Paso
C Johnson, Spokane .
HOTZI* AUBIVALS.
Ing session,' selling at $38@37 75. Otherwise
there was nothing new., the market being- quiet.
The oil etocks were dull. : - '
The feeling was very firm in ' the afternoon.
Gas and Electric sold up to $45 62%. Alaska
Packers' to $164 50, . Spring Valley Water to
$92 and Contra Costa Water to $79 25.
Alaska Packers' - will pay a dividend of $1
to-day. It will amount to $48,000.
El Dorado Oil has levied an assessment of
10c. delinquent April 4.
STOCK ,AND BOND EXCHANGE.
::¦-. •¦ j TUESDAY, March 11—2 p. m.
, , UNITED STATES BONDS. . . Hv ;
Bid. Ask. '< Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..H2V4H2% 4s qr c (new)139i4139%
4s qr reg.... Ill 1,4111% 3s qr coup. ..108%100'A
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W Co. 76^103 Oc SS Co 5s. — 102
Bay CPC 58.106% — Ombus C 6s. 131 —
Cal-st 5s 116% — Pac O Im 4s. 95^ —
C Costa 5s... — 111 Pk&C-H 6s.lO7 —
Ed L&P 6s. — — Pk&O R 6s. 117 120 \
Fer&C H 6s. 116 . — Pwl-st R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st Ds. — — Sac EGR 58. — ¦ . —
H C&S 5%s. — — S F &SJV5S.123 124
Do 5s; 09% — Sierra Cal6s.l05%110
L Ang R 58.121 121% S P of A 6s
L ALCO 6s. — • — (1909) 112% —
Do gtd 6s. — — (1910) ....114 —
Do gtd 58. — 106Vi S P of Cal 6s
L A & P 5s. 102 — (1905)Sr A.100^,1099i
Do lem 5s.lO2 — (1905)Sr B. — 111
Mkt-st C 6s. 126^130 (1900) ... .112^4113%
Do lem 6s. 119% — (1912) ....122 122%
N R of C 6s. 111% — SP of Cal 1st
Do 5s.....— — c gntd 5s. 120 ' —
N Pac C 6s. 108% — Do stmpd.111% —
N Cal R 5s. 112% — SP Br Cal6s.l40 —
Oak Gas 6s. 115 — S V Wat 6s. Ill 111%
Oak Trh 0s. 122 — Do 48 .102% —
Do 1st cSa.111% — Do 4a 3dm.lO2 —
Oak W G Sa.102% — Stkn Gas Os. 101% 104
WATER STOCKS. . ' " ' -.
Contra Costa 78% 70V4 Port Costa... 63% C«
Marln Co... 57 — Spring Val.. 91% 02
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P/ 2Vi — Pac Light... 45 —
Eqt G L Co. 8% 4 Sac E G&RC 25 31
Mutual 4V4 *5 H F G & E.. 45U 45%
O G L & H. 55% 56% 8 F G L Co. 6\i —
Pac G Imp.. 38V4 30% Stktn G & B 8 . —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.257 275 /
1 BANKS. "
Anglo-Cal .. R8% J-= L P & A.... — 170
California ..422 — Mer Ex (llq). IS% —
Cal Safe Dp.ll7Vill8 S P Natlonl.137% —
First Natnl. — — ¦ • -
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1075 — Sav A Loan. — 100
Humboldt . . — • -r- - Security Sav.805 350
Mutual Sav. 76 80 Union Trust. — 2200
8 F Sav U..515 —
¦¦¦¦¦ STREET RAILROADS.
California ..171 170 Market ..... 09%1OO
Geary — CO 'Presidio .'...— 60
•. .' :''¦ POWDKR. ' ; ¦'¦-» .:
Giant 78% 79% Vigorit ..... — i ;. 4 '
SUGAR..
Hana S 4 Kllauea .... 0% —
Hawaiian .. 37% 40 ' Makawell ... 25% 26
Honokaa ... 11% 12% Onomea ..... 23% 24%
Hutchlnson . 13% — Paauhau ... 12 13
', ¦ MISCELLANEOUS.
AlflsUa Pack.l«4V41«5 |Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. 97 98 Ppo C Bonc.165 —
Cal Wine As. 99%100 Par Paint... 18 —
Oceanic S Co 37% 38%<
Morninr Session. .
Board —
35 Hana Plantation Co 3 60
25 Hbnokaa 12 00
25 Makawell 25 75
. 15 Oceanic S S Co..... 38 00
20 Oceanic S 8 C... 37 75
20 Oceanic S S Co, b 30.... .... 38 00
25 Pacific Gas Imp...:. 37 50
75 Pacific Gas Imp 37 25
5 8V Water, cash 91 75
15 8 V Water .:...:, .91 75
$15 000 Bay Counties Power C6 5s... ..106 75
$1000 Hawaiian C & 8 Co 5a. 99 50
$6000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 123 50
Street — . •
$2000 S P Branch Ry us 140 00
¦ . Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn ;-.161 50
5 Cal Wine Asgn ..lOO 00
50 Contra Costa Water ............. ,79 25
50 Contra Costa Water 79 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 4 25
10 Oceanic SS Co 38 00
20 Oceanic S S Co.... 37.7ft
6 Pacific Lighting 45 00
85 S F Gas 8c, Electric. Co 45 50
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 62%
45 S V Water 92 00
$5000 Sacramento Elec Gas & Ry 5s... 96 60
$5000 Los> Angeles Ry 5s.'. 121 25
Street — . . . , ' ' :-. .
$5000 S P Branch Ry 6s. . . : 14jt> 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Itlornlnz Session.
Board —
1 Hanford 1 87 00"*
2 Hanford .'t 86 00
300 Monarch of Arizona. ............. 20
200 MOnte Crlsto .' 1 30
' 200 Occidental of W Va " 20
75 Peerless 6 25
65 Peerless, b 90...... .' 6 60 '
300 Petroleum Center . 07
1000 Sovereign ....Y 18
Street— •, • i; *<*'?. -
150 Home ... s .*... 8 85
Afternoon Session.
Board — ', ; ¦¦
100 Home ............ . . : 3 85 '
400 Monarch of Arizona, s 90 1J»
. 400 Monarch .of Arizona 20 '
300 Monte Crlsto ............. .\ ... 1 30
100 Reed Crude,* s 6 36
500 Superior 06 .
Continued Fronr^Page Eight*
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Robert Dalziel (owner) with M. Keatinge and
J. Leonard (contractors), architect Walter J.
Mathews — Excavation's and concrete work for a
brick building, on N line Of Mission street. 108
W of First. NW 99:6, — 48, SE 99:6. — 43 to
beginning; $3650. ...-¦•-.•
A. L. Carter (wife of George E.) (owner) with
A. C. Soule (contractor), architect T. Paterson
Ross — -AH work for a two-story basement and
attic frame building, on S line of Clay street
137:6 W of Locust, W 27:6 by S 127:8»4; $3450
Charles Bruan (owner) with Edward Giniey
(contractor), architects Kldd & Anderson — All
work except painting for a one and a half
story frame building,- on W line of Fifth ave
nue, 200 S of California street, S 25 by W 120:
?2400. . .
Builders' Contracts.
A. Mlles*and Wllheimlne .Taylor to. th<» City
Trust. 8af« Deposit and Surety Company of
Philadelphia,/ lot on SW corner of Fifteenth
and Taeoma avenues, W 120 by 8 23; $10:
Solomon and Dora Getz to Eugene and Barah
Minzenmayer, lot on N line of L street. 32:9
E of Tenth avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Henry F. and Clara F. Blanchet to Conrad
Relnhart, lot on NW lino of Madrid «treet,
325 SW of Brazil avenue, SW 60 by NW,
block 23, Excelsior Homestena; $10.
Sophie Fries to William H. and Elizabeth
C. Clarence, lot on W line of Elsie street. 75
S of Santa Marina, S 25 by W 114:6. lot 47,
block 2, Fair's Sub Holl" Park Tract; $10
Herman and Matnilda Pearson ' to Jamea
Clarke, lot on N line of Sagamore street, 118:4
E of Orizaba, E '4(5:8 by N 125, lot 6, block
C, R'R Homestead Association; $10.
Frank and Lina McDonald to Patrick ana
Mary Cronln, lot on SE line of Shipley, 150
NE of Sixth. NE 25 by 8B 75; $10.
Hans and Katie Jacobnen to Anton* and
Maggie Mlh*llch, lot on E line of Han Bruno
avenue, .75 S of Nineteenth, S 25 by E 100;
$10.-'
Albert Knox to Ursula Knox. lot on W lln«
of Thirteenth avcnu«. 175 N. of Clement street.
N 25 by w 120; alco lot on W lfne of Thir
teenth avenue, 200 N of Clement street,
25 by W 120; gift.
Annie Klenera to Emma A. Wall. lot on W*
line of Rltch street, 150 N of Brannan, N 29
Robert A and Ellle Vance to Herman W.
Newbauer, lot on S line ot Geary street, 218:8
W of Jones, W 25 by 8 137:6; $10.
Elizabeth. Oberg (wife of Gustav), Anna
Smith (Staengel), wife: of John Francis 8tef
fens (Staengel), wife of John, Anna Lee
(£taengel), wife of Frank and Otto Staengel to
Alois Kudrna and Alois Kucera, lot on .N line
of Pacific street, 45:10 E of Larkln, E 2t by
N 60; $10. • ¦ . •
George Blair to J. Frank Walters, lot on E
line of Chatham place, CO N of Bush street
N 23 by E CO; $10.
Douglas S. and Mae M. Watson and Charles
R. Bishop to Metropolitan Improvement Com
pany, lot on E line of Montgomery street, 42
S of Sacramento, S 93:3% by E 68:9; pnrty
walls adjoining; .$10.
. Edward and Jane McAdam to Ernestine Jost
(wife of Charles), lot on W line of Cole' street,
125 S^of Waller, 6 25 by W 134:4%; $10.
Charles? Jost to same, same; gift.
Owen Hughes to Henry and Emma Leech,
undivided one-half of lot on S line of Twenty
ninth street, 105 E of Sanchez; E 25 by S
114; $10.
Clyde W. Colby to same, same; gift.
John Coop and James W. Smith to- Mary S.
Colby, lot on N line of Frederick street, 100 E
of Cole. E 25 by N 110; $10.
Preston & McKlnnon (corporation) to' John
Peters, lot on S line of Fulton street. 137:6
W of Devlsadero, W. 50 by S<137:6; *3.:
Alexander R. Baldwin to Winifred C. ' Doug
lass, lot on NE corner of Filbert and Broderick
streets, E 30 by, N 137:6; $10. •.
Elizabeth or Libby Summer to John B.
Bellhes, lot oa'S line of Olive-Court. 190 E
of Buchanan street, also 150 S of Union, S 25
by E 85; $10. .
Estate of Lucy. .C' " Goodspeed (by. Daniel
Sullivan, executor, and O. C. P. Goodspeed,
administrator) to Henrietta Schiff, lot on N
line of California street, 105 E of Webster, E
27:6 by N 132:0; $7000. "
George N. and Mary J. Williams to Mary
R. Dustan, James W. Richardson "and James
P. Blake, lot on N line Of Bush street, 147:0
E of Gough, E 60 by N 120; also lot on 3 line
of Bush street, 01:6 E of Powell, E 23 -by S
67:G; also lot on N line of Bush street, 100 W
of Van Ness avenue, Vi 37:6 by N 120; also lots
10 and 11. Paul Tract Homestead Association;
re-recorded; . f 10. < • ¦
Otto F. and Mathilda von Rheln to Samuel
and Nettle Rouda, lot on W line, of Franklin
street; 30 S of O/Farrell, S 27:6 by W 87:6;
?10. . . 1 ¦
George W. and Reuben Haas, Maud H. War
wick . and Caroline B. Haas to George Haas
Realty Company ¦ (corporation),' lot on S line
of Eddy street, 123:6 W of Polk, W 103:114 by
S 137:6; also lot oh XE line of Fourth street,
24 NW of Clary, also 224 NW of Harrison.
NW 51 by NE 80; also lot on S line of Page
street, 100 W of Shrader, W BO by S 137:6;
also lot on NW corner- of Twenty-eighth ave
nue and S street, N 284:4. W 120. 8 184:4. W
120, thence 100, £ 240; also property outside of
county; $ . -,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
TUESDAT. March 11
C. H. McCarthy called attention to the
convention. of the State League of Re
publican Clubs, which will be held In San
Jose on April 14, and urged that a delega
tion be sent there. Action will be taken
at the next meeting, which will be held
on March 25.
Dr. P. M. Gopchevltch presented a
series of resolutions, which will be sent
to the County Committee, a«ktng that the
appointment of Andrew Louderback, "a
notorious henchmah of the corrupt
bosses," aa commltteeman at large from
that district, be not ratified. The resolu
tions were unanimously ' adopted.
George It. Wells presided tind Edward
C. Knapp acted as secretary. J. D. litmrm
was elected first vice president and Frank
V. Hell secund vice president. The presi
dent wiiH authorized to appoint an execu
tive committee of nine, of which the presi
dent and secretary will bo ex»offlclo mem
bers. Provision was: made for the ap
pointment of other active committees and
a thorough canvass of the district.
T© th« Republican* of tho new Forty
second Atfn.'inlily District belongs tho
honor of organizing the first Republican
Hub bearing the nnma of the President.
An ergnnlssutlon was effected a few weckM
ngo and last night when W. J. II<*rrln
presented the report of tint committee
en by-laws It wan decided to call It tho
KodHovelt Itepublicnn Club of the • t-'urty
second Assembly District.
Second Dlspleaied at Appointment.
DO NOT WANT L0UDERBA0K;
Hocsevclt Republican Club of Forty-
THE SAN FRAXCISC3O CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902.
11
Telephone,. Mission 109.
CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & CO..
Funeral Director* and Embalmers,
Now Occupy Their Own Building,
10(i!) Mission street, between 15th and loth
Samuel MrKfidtfcn, 1A yeiri mannfftr (or
th» United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McRr*-arty, with tha Rama company for 18
yttrti P.V. Qreen. Intn with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., navs opened now Kunsral Par-
lors at 1171 Minion ptreet, between Itavanth
and Eighth. Telephone South 44.
NEW FIRM OP UNDERTAKERS.
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
, NEART58T TIIJ3 CITY. ,
Office. 916 Market Street.
Telrtphono BKsh 8«7.
(fiur/ceaaor to ?Iarma»ran A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mar.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMBBS
20 Fifth St., oppdslte Lincoln Bcbool.
Telaphona Bouth 80." •
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(6uc*ceaaor to ?lanna*an A Gallagher.)
DANIEL P, DONOVAN. Mar.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMBALMBBS.
20 Fifth St., oppdslte Lincoln Bcbool.
T»l«pl<on» Bouth 80.- •
Mt Olivet Cemetery,
, NEART58T TIIJ3 CITY. ,
Office. 016 Market Street.
Telephone RUsh 8«7.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKKR8.
Stttnuel McKadden, • Id year* manaff«r for
tha United Undertakers' Aisoclatlon; M. J.
McBrearty. with tha sumo compnny for 18
yearn! P.'F. Orsen, lata with J. C. O'Con*
nor & Co., h»vt opened now Puneral Par*
lor* at 1171 Million street, between Buventh
and Eighth. Tolephohe Bouth 44. ,
CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN & CO..
Funeral Director* and Embalmers,
Now Occupy Their Own Building,
10(i!) Mission street, between lCth and loth. '
Telephone. Mlwglon lOTt. •
i UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
I . 27 nn.i do Fifth St. Tel. South 107 8
I rUXrRAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMCR&sf
1 v PRn«O\*,l.*— <*ein<lnnr«l, J
an 'lffofi line t,t innnnnu for rulta lo errter.
f 13; wan thf*"" »uln« «!" niak*. un rktrt jMir ,
>X •'•niitti tm nf «hsrifr>i <iih<r null* on InxtAll.
mrr.t#. »t irrrklv. I. I.KM<»M. IMT Mmk<i
In. »xt»f»B Wavrntli a«id Kiehth^
IJAIR dr^wtnB. «ny «yt». Me: flrn^Uim utinin'. ¦
X**>. tJtx\ I'ttir «1rl«^ In 10 mlnutft); vwltcbrn,
wgr, <i, xAivr-wm^'A xtnfkton h. | i
AT !?¦•¦ i«w« eo«l, unwIIM-fiir nu\\m, nvrrcnxta I
ar.4 »ipu*fr« *t rilARLRM LYONH', Londen
tr.l*-.r. ::M Mr.t«rt M.
i;i.. :,, : ii. ¦-¦.>. >»i -f !T,nlr» nni »«T'rrmr-MnI
hair: j»rrm»iii«mi : tinlnlmsj trr* trcatmtnt,
unrk jubim'IM, k\p% O. Dudley, 1T«2 Mkt.
A rrtior.t In Irftrn liaifdrcwihg, hair wftfk. fruit-
It urine. Mnnhaltnn Hair Htnre, 1703 MafVi>i
b«t. Tolk find Van Nr». MtFK A. V, Ixm-B.
A- IV yo«r linir I* ralllnK or you mte bald call oil
Pr.C H ..!¦¦¦ r«-..riL*ornrrpll: i.rnfl for circular.
r^PKRlNO loom. wttlbTTirr*!: palntlnr. Til
whitening. 7.V. l'elntrr. 815 Golden Oat* tv.
ITIIVATE detpctlxe work; rpn»nnHhlri ratrs- 10 •
ynrt 1 pxprrlrnct. J. II. RAY. 457 Minna H. \
ila*r,urra(Jp iflrtumw nt 11. Andcrson'ri. tM^atTTI !
cal costuraer. CO O" Fan-ell: country ord«-re. |
Klcctrl; A clpctrir-llpht bathP. mnMase. hot *\r i
trfatn-fnt for rheumatism. etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
EI.ECTltIC neoiilp fpFclal'.Kts; superfluous hair
&- moles destroyed. Mr?. H. Eatc^ 427 Fuller.
StTPERFlA'OTTS hair rxrman^ntly removed by
clfctr'.c neodlf. MRS. M. HARRIS. 42<5 Suite r.
FlPERFLfOirs hair and moles removed by j
Hfctrlc needle. Dr.&&Irs.Travfrge.ll70 Market
/ AKFni:nfM.« rcyptlan Henna: rei-tores gray
hair to »y natural color; $1; at all druggist?.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE IJROPS CUllK
Instartly: 10c nnd 2r.c. All druitslste.
Sirs. Rrlpjrt— Surwrfluptm hair, moles dertroyed
by electric needle. »CS Sutter; tel.Lark!n3171.
MASQUER \DE costume, play books wigs/
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOH-MADK ku'.U. $7 50; drers pents=. 12 50.
Misfit Clothir.r; Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
SR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
h/»«t crn ciirp. 2r>c: all drugirlirt«.
PHYSXCIAXS AXD Sl'RGEOXS.
ABSOLUTELY FREK COKSULTATIOX^aTi
dlKeascs of men and Ttromen treated success-
lully- Prepare nil medicines myself. DR.
rORPEX, No. 6 Turk Et.. corner Maeon.
A-DR. OLIVE GRUVER. lady physician and
Burgeon, at 112^ Market St.; hours 10 to 8.
DTI C. C.O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1C21H Market ?t.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATES — CITY — -FOR SALE.
EASTON, ELURIDGE & CO.. \
'¦-; £V 63S Market Street. I
f55.000 — ElefcrA corner on one of the best I
business blocks of Hayes st.. near I
Market: improved with stores, flats, j
etc.: in fine condition; present low !
rentals pay S3C00 per annum; -could !
be further Increased: grand corner lot, I
3 frontages; 82:0x120 feet.
I1S.5C0— Three new flats of 8-9-10 rooms and (
bath on Ellis st.. near Van Ness eve.;
rents *1S3O per annum; lot 27:6x137:0
y feet - ;
# (18,250 — 6ix brand new modern Rats, nearly 1
' completed ; every luxury and conveni- !
enee; rents f2000 per annum; near 1
Hyde-st. car; lot G5xl37:6 feet. :
950,000 — Rents S2640 r>er annum: 4 elegant, |
swell, modern flats of 9 and 10 roome, ;
bath and finished basement and attic; i
Ellis et.. near Cough; lot 55x100 feet.
$8,000^ — Three new mouern f.Ets en the best
part of Ashbury 6t. ; rents $870 per
annum; these are srilt-edre flats rented
to first-class tcr.anis; lot 25x106:0 feet.
(7,000 — Pays 5&40 r*?r annum; 3 fine, well. •
built flats, .'.-."-'; rooms and bath; on
Post St.; always rented; lot 27: Cxi 10 I
**«•
$7.000— Handsome modern residence. .9 rooms !
and bath, high basement; Wanltary I
plumbing, etc.; could easily b* remod- :
eled into swell flat*; lot 25x137:6 feet; !
moru-agr- $4000 at 6 per cent.
$6.25fi — Four well built modern flats: 5 years
old: on bent part of Af.hbury Heights;
Urnt and sunny; rents $7C8 per annum,
or over 12 per cent.
$6,000 — Two modern up-to-date flats of 5-6
rooms and bath; present low rent $600
per annum; should pay $720; Clayton
St.. near Haight; lot 23xl2S feet.
$15,000— Two-story modern realdence, S rooms
svnd bath, on north fide of Sacra-
mrnto St.. near Stetner; fine lot 20x103
feet - ....
T $3,760— Must be sold at once; make offer; cor-
ner on Jones st., near Jackson; irradcd
and ready for bulldlnic; splendid site
for H flaiv; a snap for a builder; lot
tiOxllS feet.
$£>.l&0— Seven well-built flats of 4-3 rooms on
L*nston St.. near Harrison; rents $018
per annum; lot 50x80 fe«t.
$3,500 — Cozy home, « rooms and bath and 3
finished rooms In attic; well-built,
brick foundation, etc. ; near Park Pan-
handle; lot 25xS0.
EASTON. ELDRIDOE * CO-,
' ." ." 638 Market at.
iroerPH straub,
S50 Market st., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Axents.
¦ Property Bought and Sold.
Rests Collected.
$ 7,000 — 6 flats on Harrison St.. bet. 4th and
6th; 25x86; rent $636 per annum.
$ £,S00 — New 2-story house In the Mission;
good eunny corner; with store.
%12,50d — Thre« new flats on Page St., near
Ashbury: rents $112.50 per month.
$ 8,500 — Jackson St., near Baker; 3 modern
flats; bringing good Income.
$20.000 — House and lot near Stockton and
Eutter eta.
$20,000 cash, balance on easy terms; a very
good. Income producing: property of 12
flats and residence of 8 rooms; stable,
chicken-yard; lot In rear to build on;
rents $3500 p*r annum.
510,000 — Bay-window house of 3 modern flats;
-rents $1000 per annum; lot 27:6x06; on
Scott St.. near Geary; ! worth $12,000.
1 $ 8,000 — New modern 2-story and basement
A house; etable; garden In front; on El- I
• Us at. j
West Bertaley — Comer lot on Bancroft way
end Seventh st.
Fourth St., bet, Channing and Ban-
croft way; sewered; sidewalk; lot C2x
1S5. Price C500.
Lots 22 and 23, Raymond Tract;
Bancroft way and Eighth et. ; 100x100;
price $600. • ]
Lot 22; Mitchell et.. near San Pablo
ave.; 60x100; price $000.
East Oakland— On Louis St., near Prospect;
for sale or exchange for city property.
Mill Valley— Cottage of 4 roome, furnished;
lot 126x300; price J2O00; make an
offer.
Campbell. Santa Clara County — Cottag-e of
5 rooms; lot 40x120; price $7S0.
fcfOOO— SCOTT et., bet. Page and Oak; lot 24:0
xlO6:3. with nice two-story detached house
of 7 rooms and bath; fine basement, garden
and conservatory ; terms very easy.
$6000 — 20th st. and San Carlos ave. ; corner;
warm belt; large lot. 37:6x83. with 2-story
house of ft rooms and ba.th: brick basement.
ROBERT J. MERCER A SON, 412 Pine «t.
$6500 — Excellent investment Mission property;
hmise 21 rooms, etc.: lot 57:6x100; brings In
$60 mo. rent. J. F. PLUMBS. 1402 Valencia
2 LOTS, 25x120; cor. of A and Taylor sts.,
Co!ma; reasonable for cash. Inquire S00
Haygs st.
BARGAIN; 9-room house; canltary plumbing;
fine order. 17J1 Broderlck st.. near Pine.
FOR sale, at bargain— Point Lobos ave. lots.
-Addrftfs Owner, box 4378. Call office.
m ! W house, 6 large rooms and bath; modern.
r tiS San Jove ave. corner Valley.
; f . , . . »
XIHAL K STATE— COUNTRY— For Sale
'—— FOR SALE NEAR BAN FRANCISCO
r>mall tracts, twt to $30 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, at
r-an Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St.. for
pamphlets and Information.
I EXCEPTIONALLY well equipped chicken
ranr-hee at J-*»«eluina; Mfe business Invest-
ment. wnntTr.lt. WHITTON & MONT-
. GOMnHT. <»« Merkf-t «t,
fibnta Clara Valley. Ran Jos* and Peninsular
proffrtl*", •*» WO08TJSR, WHITTON A
faoNTarJilKur. «34 Market. H. K.. is Ban J.
rf'ROFITAJJLi: uranxp. lemon, peach and prun«
)sn<)« tr> i»:i ¦ riirrtt lor-auty: wg tnnney: easy
rwymentn. H^ALV *- CATHt. 0 Kddy st.
LARCJK llmbT i«*><1 er»al iirnr>o«lll"Ti: <*of>»i Bay.
Wnpi HT EUVQSB A rVOX, Mill* buildlnif.
JTw^iTl^ fifwTffn'rTT,'?"— Th# W*fkly "call*
K p»g»». in wri>pp«-r_ff.r <ni«IHng. $1 l»*r y»ar.
n K A i 7 liHTXTiC^XASVKn.
S"A?>'TK1>— On* or two lr,t« \ n Punnet dlstricrt.
A<i.1tr»> hnx 4440. Cull nfflr-e. . ¦¦
HPECIAt. NOTICK8.
«?Af» i»nsnt» f)frt-d for ><: <~<'Hect|rin« mnde:
nty «r muntry. I'ArirU" COLLECTION
f f). . ii r. ?VT>trr»'tiMV. roow« Q-10: t»l. r».'no.
*tzxvixa .jitActtiXKt* a.vu »i;rri,ii:.«.
kind* iKiusht. *<M. renl'd. «x., repairing;
Irwfft r*U*J ph«a« Howard 1304. 146 filxtti
dLI. s.in/!r l.f.URh*. coid, r»nt<"1. exchanged; re- I
fciirlr.t; jt-wtil ;«tes. Tel. Green Hi. l'05 4th. I
\CWOACO I
IH LESS 'TH AN
3 DAYS
From i~:
San Francisco at 10 a. m.
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
DOUBLE Drat/lng-Room SleealnK
Cars, Buffet, Smoking " and Lit
brary Cara, with barber. Dining
Care— meals a la carte. Daily Tourist
Car Service at 6 p. m. and Personally
Conducted Excursions every Wednes-
day and Friday at 8 a. m. from San
Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. G«n. Agent PicHIc Coait
Palace Hotel Son Francisco
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry
Comm«ncln« Beptember 2t>, 1001.
FROM »AN FKANCiaCO^M^ VALLE ,
EXTRA TaiPS-For^MIll y»U,y and' 8 M
Uafael on Mondays. Wednesdays « nd flatur-.
days at <>:&> and 11:40 p. m.
bUNUAYa—»8:00 •10:00, '11:30 •. m., •i:l» (
3M9 Mi4S, 0:30, 9:30 p. m. .' '*"'
'f rftln» inarked C) run to Ban Qujntln.
¦FROM BAN "AFAEL TO flAN fXUNCISCO.
WEEK DAT^'»:M fe O:«, T»4B/8:M, lu.ia
a m.. «12:!!5. -Jin. •3:30. 4:40. 6:30 n. m.
EXTRA, TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday,
and Saturdays at 9:45 and 0:03 p. m.
¦ an BUNDAY»7 t «:10. •SjW. •10:00. '11 M5 «. «.,
•1:40 »3:18. 4:43. *o:3O p. nt. '
Tiilns rrwrked (•> start from San Quontla.
FK0tlMlI.^VAliEYTO8ANFRSsSo.
•week p/™rr%% 7!BSi 8:M - 10:a «
a rr... 1-M' 1 . •:*"• 3:bO. o'.U) p. rn.
EXTRA TKIPB on Mimtfairii, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 1035 p. m.
SUNDATS-8.03. 10:05 .a. m.; 12;03. 2:13,
a-ao O'OO. 0:45 p. m. <j
i.ju. ow. TMKOUOH TRAINS.
e:ft5 a. ! m. week days— Caaadero • and way
* l l t :i°5 n p. rn. Saturdays— Duncan kills and way
* 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
* L#ts«V IMMajr fc*at» *tld trains' will' ruu d»i
Sunday tin- ; .
RAILWAY TItA VE£ £ ; .;
soutSern pacifio-
¦1'i'nln. ««•»»«¦ kiiiI «•¦«• t*M> •'•• iarrlt»'ia«
.<*.%> IIIOII^O
I Mill i U«t, Tow. ojJiwtM nitotl.)
tR4vr. rmi<i Funiitunr ».J?03 - awniri
". !<••>» 1ImmI«I», riiilmft, l-llmlra ami ttAtf*
iii-t..... ................ «(>.¦»»
7lPOA Viottlllv, WI..IM, Ku-.i-T ' 7lO3«
.illiit M.iiilii../..<»n I:.»m....i, . ..lu.j.i MSf*. .
t »IUl> 'Kit »ipI <™i.t» It.i**,. MlS.1*
Ki(i«« V*\u. s\.»* 11*1. 'I. Knl«nu(.am1lrif.
Mriri.mi-. nr...|i|». ....,,,..... 7iT»f
HiIMM AilniiM- l'.»(>f«««-OKilsil »»J I »»» »!«•¦»»
"linn Mlw, I,»lhf.|. S'trlUnrt Iiitf
m«a.» XV-i, M. ¦,.,!„{*. i r»i,fnr,;. VhtlK
l'. lf i/rtll],. .. «|33»
,«iSU« 81m«*a l^i..-«- H*fl». WlIIUni*rfof
| I'nrtl-t* Hi rii.ii.'. Willow*. itcU
: '' "¦. lllatff. VurtUiHt, , . 7ia4S*
. Sitin4 H..M ,li.w. l.lorniora, MtnahinM,
linm. . L iitrranii'iilii. I'l^c- rrlllo.
, tUrf*«lll<t. CliliK'.'llwl Illiiff fill*
»i.hm OakiUir, OIiincm.Mi.ii.ra. Tucliiront 4i?.la
' HiflO* llaywanl, Mlisuiid Way Slaiioiia.. I liA.l*
IlittlU Vallvjo |-4l23a
»i»l»* Ixm Anf»!M K*i<t9*n — M*rt.tni». '
¦ Traoj, l«4Miri>|>. .-«i,.-k».ii, M <re.il
rr-»uo«i..l I,na Amu'f* 7:«:»»
I ,«:!H»« Vallrjo, .ilnrlliiHia.Kl Way Hlallmi* 7i»»»
IOiiiiia Tb» Oferlan.1 l,|.i.lle.l -O.deii. I'en '
fer, l» i.nlia. Vh\n*i<i Mi».l»
flHMir Hacraiimiil.. i:|r»r.Si«»ii...r« flllOtl*
8i<H»p ISenl«la, Whiter". Maotamtnlo, *. . .
WoixIUimI. Kxivhta I.hikIIiie.
M,.rr«fllK Om» Illo. I»;.V1»
»t30r Harnanl. Nllraaml \Tay Htatlor,*.. T]3.1»
«t«*r Mutliim. Halt IUmiik, VhUojo,
N»p». i:i>IIk!.. k m. >*¦»*¦ Itimit »<3.1v-
4iO»r Nlles Mtrrmore. Huicktun. L»mII... IS »3»
4i:i(»r Haywurd. Nlle», Sbil .»..»<•, H'f-rnior* |MtS3«-
) 41:Xnr'l'lin Owl liiultt-.l «- Kirfiiu, Tulare.
! IJukeraBuUl. KanfUS for .Santa. Utr-
i bara, I.<>9 Aiiitulea ..*. StSSk
' tttonr Fort Ooata. Traey. Lathrop. Stockton I«x234
j Bi«r»r Mart!n«z. Antiuch. Stockton, lid-
¦ ced. Frmino ....:... Iti2-1f
• :««r lla/wanl. Miles anil Nan Juae. ...... 7i5->»
t«!»«r ValleJ...... lli»3«
««t*ttr Oriental - Mall— fifden, ¦ Vonret. -••¦
Omaha. St loula, Oliloagn *i23»
fitOp Oregon Hml OaJUuriiU Kxi>ri<mi,Haa-
' mnimili., Marys.lllo, Uml.lliiv.
. ;¦' INii-tlnii.l. l*ii|sl HhiiikI ami East ti33»
• iciflr Ban Pablo. Piwi Coata, Maitinea
; ¦" alHl Way MUtloni IlitSa
t»tOWr ValM«... f .. 7i»Jf •
COAST IJNK (Narrow tiaiiss).
(fcotoftf.rhat Street.)
¦¦IS* NeiTark.C'nnUrillle.Han Jom. Folton,
• •: ltouMerC'rc«»k,.Sa:i(aCmi»nJ W»>
.• HtaUon* »»»•»
|a>IAr Newark. Oiilervlllv, Ban. loia Nnw ¦.-...
¦ AlmaiUn, ITelton, Itouldor Creek. . '. -¦¦
Sauis Vtnt ami l'rlnclpal War 1 • • -"
Stntlon ' l«tA«4
4>ISr Newark. Han Joae. I.o« Oatoi. ...... 'IStSOA
«*.3<lr Hunters' Train -San Jceo and W*y .. .. . •
-Buttom..: ¦>.... t7.»*»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroa Sia f H1ICISC0— r«n *l HuUt StxtH (SUs 8>— -
t7:15 9:0O 11:00A.M. -1:C3 3:00 6.l!'.«.
rrtaSHUlB— N»l »'Irl>4w.f,— ftt.00 ld:00 13:0*
10;00«.M. »:0Q a.OJ «:83r.M.
~'i COAST IjINB (Uroad «»¦»•). • .
;...-. (Thlrit und lownaoml Ms.) ¦• --
«: I •* San Jo*« and Way MUtions......... •**•*
7:00a Man JomiuuI Way SUliiiiu... 4Sia««
/7:«w* New Alirailen ,. / *il0#
• i0« A Coast Line 'limited — wan ' Jf»«,
! ;' . -¦- Gtlroy, 8s!ln**, 8ar. LnU Ob'apo,
' ' " Santa Barbara. Lou Angeles fcnd
princir*l IntennodUta station*;... l**40» .
MOa Mw .Jn.o. Trea 1'luos. HanU CtiB.
rnoine <lri»«. Ualinaa. San Lids
Obispo ami Prindpa! in termedUta ' "
V • ' Statliim 4tlt»»-
1OUi4a Ban Jose aud Wiy Buttons. a-.aa*
I 1:80a Han Jon hiii! Way HUtlnita .: ' ' 9ii«« '
1!l:l3r San Mateo. Uadwaoil, Alenlo Park. ¦¦*--¦¦
- ¦ ¦ , Palo Alto, Santa OUrs, flan, loan, ¦ \Jy\i
Trea PiDoa, Hanta Cf us. Sallua*. *l
I Monterey ami 1'aeiflo <Jro»e flOi»3a
'_ S:»Or Han .lose au<1 Way Stations liS*y
KllftF San Jote anil Principal Way Htatlont •!!•»
«iaor Sunset limited— Mondays, Wednf s-
' days, Krid»;«, for Los Angelr*. El '.•".
Paso. New Orleans and New York. ¦'..¦'.
Arrires Sundays. Taesdajs and
> Thursdays* • •••• *•¦**»
fiiBOr 9an Jom, Lot Gato* and Principal - «
W»y8t«U«n Hli«M»i
: Bitop 8an Jose anil Principal Way Stations «:30f
' Ci^np 8»li Jost amt TTay. Stations 7»50f
L 7i«0f New Orlesns ' Expreat — flsn Luis
! ObUpo, SsnU Barbara, ho* An- ' ' - '
Mies, D-mlng. Ill Paao, New Or-
!. (l f B an.andE»Jt TZ !«!••*
mtt4»r San Joae »H Way » tallow*. T»— *
- A for Morning 1" for A f ternooo •¦ • "¦'
• t flanrlair exo«i>t«>l ' ' t hnndny only. -
| .*aHSSti**9di.~ ,' /Tuesdajssudfitldaft,
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily/
Xtivim Mark»t-str»et Ferry Depot. ' •
UJcaT Lima ovrl'd ixic»l
v :"4-.. I>ally Daily Dally tfilr
1*. Ban Frai ?:2O* 0:00 a S:0Op 4:2«p
Ar. Stockton. tv:l*a 11:49 a U:10p 7:18 v
" Merced... 12-.25 p 1:17 p l:3Oa l»:ll r>
"Fresno... Z:n5p 2:35 p S:13 a 10:30 p
"Hanford.. A:\Zp 3:27 p 8:06a ¦
"Vlialta... S:»'Jp 6:00 a ......
•' Bakenrnd 0:lSp 0:20 p 7:43 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago.. .<.-... 2:1S p 0:00 pf ......
a for morning, p lor afternoon. -
0:00 a rn. train In the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palaea Sleeping Cars and
Dining- Cant tnrough to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation ot
local flrat-elass passengers. No' necond-
> clan* tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
I responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally. .
[ 4 '20 p. m. I* Stockton. Merced and Fresno
' local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
I p rn. dally. ' ¦-/.',"';-,'
I 8 p m. Is tho Orertend Express, with '
I through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
! Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; alao
1 Palace Sleeper, which cuts. out at Fresno.
| Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. is BakeTsfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Car-' '
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, Ban Franciacr/; 1112 -Broadway,
Oakland. ..iiii^a^i— imnnn — r
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTpN RY. COi
SAN FRANCISCD AND KORTii PACIFIC
R Al LWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St»-
Sari Frariclsco to San Rafael; ; -
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00. UKK) a. nt.: «:38.
3:30 B:10, 6:30 p. m.. Thursdays— Battr*
trip at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Estr* trlpa
at 1:60 and 11:30 p. m. - •• '
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:80.-
6:00. 6:20 p. m. '¦'•:'¦
San Rafael to San Francisco. .
VFKEK DAYS— 6 :IO. 7:50. »:2O. .11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 8:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra.
trips at 1:55 and «:35 p. ra. „„. 'I ,»
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40»
6:05. C:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect | Arriva
San Francisco. |Apr. 28. 1901| San Francteco.
» Weeks] Sun- | I Sun- I Week ;
. Days. | days. | Destination t days, f Days.
7:30am 8:00am Kovatov |r0:40am| 8:40am
! 3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma. j 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa. Koga.[ 7:35pm 6:20pm
¦ - ' |~~Ftitton,
7:30am Windsor. 10:29aar
5:C0pm Healdsburg. 10:40am
•'-• ¦ ¦• ¦ Lytton. -.v^v-
.--..-• Geyserville, 't'^VH
- 3:30pm 8:00am ¦ Cloverd»l«. T:35pra B:20pm
7:30am 8:C0pm Hopland 10:40am 10:23am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am '' J~ 10:40am I0:35am
8:00am GuernevIUe. 7:35pm :-i'~
3:S0pm C :00pm • 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma J 9:15am] 8:40am'
• -•-. - - and • I
•>:10pm 6:00pm Glen Ellen. <:C5pm| 6:20pm
7:30am| 8:00am| |10:40am[l0:25an»
I a:.'{Qpm[ fi :00pm I SebastopoL ( 7:35pm| 6>20pnv
Stages connect at Santa Rosa tar Mark ',V#«t
Springs and Whit* Sulphur Spiings; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton SpTtnits; at
Geyjservllie for Skagsjs Springra; at Cl rverdaU
for. th« • Geysers: at Hopland for. Duncan
Springs. Highland Spring*. KelaeyvlU*. Carl*-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vlcby spring*, rnratot*
Sprlnci. Blue I^kts. Laurel Dell Lakt. Witter
Sprlngt. Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day'i RlveMlds. Llerley't. Du?kn»ll'*,
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport, U»al.
WIHIts. Laytonvllle. Cummins, Bell's . Spring*.
Harris Olsvn's. Dyer. Scott* and ICurika. ¦
Saturday to Monday round-Crip tlcktta ac ra-
dU 6n Sunday* raor.d-trlp tickets to alt point*
beyond Ban Rafael at half rates. ; s .a..;;
Tl:k«t Office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
R.X.RTAK.
Ceni Manager. O«n. Pass-. Agf '
WOUNT TAMALPA1S RAILWAY
• Lfnve VHTSauMllto- Ferry Arrive . '
Salt Fran. Font of M\r!tetSt. SinfFran. ;
.^eciTJ'uT.. • , :^^^^ S>.n- T u^eT
JDay^. jrlays^ M tu £ a I±. 11*3*
fl-SO A. Mj, „**!„ !—« at T*> J>-J" *• g» *•
' . r»t', l<ti tn*A*n l<" Cvimmlt «ml Imn. I! V.
Dtiii on »s et nuu: inuxt »i iausauio rtut
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
C!25> UEARSY KT. KAtnbltnbM]
lit IS54 for the rfearmi'nt nf I'rlv-ntA
DtftrMrn. I<o*t Mitiiiiood. DoMllt.v nr '
r,iM<.i«n lvpnrliijr'in body anil mli»i am]
Skin Dlsfuscs. 1'lie Doctorcures vrhfn
olli«r» fall, lry htm. J'bnrvf»« low.
*"ne+4 ftmrittttfrd. Ciiliorwrtva, '
Dr. J. r. *UBZ1OX~. uaii franctaco. Cai
AUgA ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 *^"^^''';!!.^^!/"'^.^'!'.!'!'!^
• IJjfO—I/T and 'voltage of ft room*; %\W easli,
flUfi-i'orntr let, asxlSit; Hunt* Clara nv<?.
itiui six mum ii st,
1700— Ut .'JCxllOj tian'.n CUra wv<-,; will
ltuiln rin Ihfpp kits on l^rms to milt. J, \(,
_y£>UNU, builder. 124:1 Park nt., Alftmcdn.
II. CJ. 'MtiimTKN*, 1620 WpbMcr Kt!7~AU^
m<«d»,— lt*-«i ent«t» property lumitht »n<l unld;
mr* hat-fcalris - this month; smuI for Hit:
lioiirrn Ifrttfd, |
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
; ItlffiHKKLBi' UISAL KUTATE.
f37t>«» — FINK 2-ftory house of 7 rooms; lot 6ox
IM; near V. C. grounds and electric It. H.
JOS. J. MASON.
Real Ei>tate,
Berkeley Station.
*3300— THOROUGHLY well bulTt~liou?c of 9
rooms; window Fhadcs; combination fixtures;
corner lot; street work all done; cement fide-
walk; r<nly 2Vi blocks from station and 1
b'eck from electric railroad.
JOS. J. MASON,
Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
I XEW ,'i-room cottage; bath, mantel, basement;
i M!tr*-red: corner lot. 40x100; Golden Gate.
I $1700—^500 cash, balance monthly; 4-room
cottage, bath; street work done; city water;
sewered; lot Mxl'M; Ashby ave., near Berkeley
train. •¦ s,"> «
fl750 — $5jO cash; balance flat loan. Paciflc
Hc^ne Building Company. Nevada block,
San Francisco. .
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: hich base-
tnent: <>asy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Pine.
FR111TYAIE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRTITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 f«et, cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins st. ; 2 block* from
2 rtreet cars and public school: furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable.- chicken-house, pig-
ron cote, etc.: ornamental grounds; fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
frcm S. F.; rent $35 a month: price J4000.
Apply -T. R. KRKUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLK1TNTR.. Frultvale Station.
OAltLANlV ADVERTISEMENTS.
I OFFICE— HIS BKOADWAY:
j OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
I BUY BEFORE THE RISR
Bargains Offered by
: GEO. \V> AUSTIN, 460 Tenth st., Oakland.
¦ $1000 — Cczy cottage of 5 rooms, hot and cold
! water, hall, porcelain sink, etc.; newly painted
I and papered; sunny side; Etfeet work and
I walks complete: near cars and school; terms if
I deelred: No. 1743 Filbert et.. near Twenty-
t sixth; go and see it to-day; owner will be
t there.- . .
$1000 — Choice vacant lot 50x150, right on
; Broadway, close to the new Santa Fe route
and terminal; elevated ground and choice
! building site; eee It at once.
! J30CO — Elegant new home of 7 rooms; com-
| plete in every detail; lot 35x140 feet (note the
size) ; eunnj- eide, right close to Grove st.
j $750— Choice building lot 40 feet front: 2 feet
j. above the street grade; all street work coro-
j plete; choice new location: surrounded by new,
i pretty home*; close to churches, school and'
j care; property advancing rapidly; this Is a
| snap; look it up to-day: Merrimac or Twenty-
' eighth ft., between Telegraph ave. and Grove
i «t.; terms can be arranged.
: $6500— Choice corner lot 60x110; the best In
I Oakland for flats; dose to narrow-gauge depot;
f cottsge 7 roams there now; a big bargain.
GEO. W. AUSTIN,
j 460 Tenth St.. Oakland.
j LOOK THIS UP TO-MORROW! ™
BeVen new cozy homen of S, 6, 7 and 8 rooms
each, with latent style plumbing, tinting, etc..
etc.; all pretty and modern; lot« 40 feet front
'or more If desired), with elevated, sloping
lawns, atone walks and street work all done;
terms $250 DOWN and monthly payments of
$25 and upward; located on Merrimac or Twen-
ty-eighth St.. between Telegraph ave. and
Grove st.; handy to school, churches and elec-
tric cars, and within walking dlitance of town;
take Telegraph ave. or Grove st. cars direct to
the property. See W. T. HARRIS on the
premlaea to-morrow, or GEO. W. AUSTIN, 400
Tenth St.. Oakland. " ' • •
OAKLAND FURNITL'RC FOR SALE.
FURNITURE goad and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh »t.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
FIFTH. 853— Furnished housekeeping; 3 con-
nectlng rooms. $12; 2. $12; single rms., $4-87.
FULTON. 671 — 2 furn. rooms, complete for
housekpg. ; separate entrance; no children; $9.
GEAKY. 736— Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; others; gas.
GEARY, 1237, SE. cor. Gough — Two large,
sunny front rooms.
HOWARD, 10C3— 2 sunny connecting complete-
ly fur. hkpg. rms; range; running water; $10.
HYDE. 408 — Sunnv suite, housekeeping, $16;
also rear basement rooms; yard, laundry, $14.
LANGTON, 256^4 — 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping: private family.
MISSION, 766, nr. 4th — Furnished rooms for
housekeeping; single or en suite.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary — Sunny bay.
window; large closet; gas etove; housekeep-
ing; -complete. .
SIXTH, 119 A— <The. Piedmont) — 4 connecting
rooms furnished complete for housekeeping.
STOCKTON, 1206 — Model house; fine new fur-
niture; single or double rooms; gas and bath.
TURK. 130 — 2 unfurnished room*, connecting,
for housekeeping; 1 furn. room for kousekpg.
VALENCIA. 191 — 2 large eunny rooms suitable
for housekeeping; newly furn.; bath; $12.
A BRANCH office ror Call advertisements and
rubtcriptlons has been established at 1096 Va.
lencla «t. ' 4 .
ROOMS TO LET — Foru, and Unforn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New," elegant^
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room In California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
. light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — FUr-
nlfhed rms.. iniltes, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
I ELLIS. 321 (Morart) — Nicely furnished rooms,
35c. $1 SO night; $1 50, $6 wk.; open all night.
ELLIS, 1102 — Two large sunny front rooms, '
elegantly furnished, in newly furnished fiat;
private family; bath, phone, electric lights;
gentlemen only; no sign.
GEART. 405 (The Navarre)— Eleeantly furnlsh-
cd suites snd single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 483 — Several well furnished rooms to'
let.
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel. 7th and Mission-
Family bouse; those requiring a quiet, orderly
home at moderate charges;suit,single;elevat.
HAYES, 373— Nice furnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
LARKIN, 710 — 2 sunny furnished housckeep-
tng rooms. • _¦"
MARTINET, 1101 Geary — Handsome suites;
private baths: newly furnished single rooms.
MINNA. <5«7, eorner Eighth— Newly furniehed
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— N'lcely fur-
nlshed rooms; 12 a week up; 85c a ds.y up. ¦
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
of nco« ; elevator. *!«;¦ Menu; day, week, mo.
O'KARRELL, 317— Runny furnl0hed rooms for
Kentl«Tn«*n, >10; bath. ' ,
POLK, 153&— Extr* large front roomi; reason-
able; private; every hom« comfort.
PORT. His—Front sunny suite; also pl««a«ant
single room; modern conveniences; private.
ROYAL Ilrruar, I2fl Kllla— Incandescent light,
reading-room, omoklna-room and ladles' par-
lors room#, fr night. SSo to $1 60; week, $2
to »*: ni.,nili, $H lo $50; elevator on ground
floor; rwnn with hot and fold water; baths.
HAcrtA.MIWTO, aaw—3 sunny front room*,
unfurnUhM, for housekeeping.
KIIKITMAN AM>rtm#nt"*Hou«e, 2H Eighth St.,
n»sr Msrkft— Kurn Ishert pr unfurnished.
STRAM HKAT anil all modern conveniences at
_Hol-l Wt. Denis. 24 Turk "t.
BIJTTICH, SOW— Nlcrly furnlnhVd rooms, f 1 50
f*r week and up; transient.
TURkT-WI«4— Bunny room, bath and gas; cen-
trally located. • -
CLAfPIFIKn urtvertlB-mentK and F-.ilwrlptlonn
receiver! «t Cull branch office. 2200 Flllmorc.
ROOMS WANTED.
FUllNlsTlED bedroom WanVed; private family
prefr-rrcd: permanent if suitable.- Addrcn
box 4113. Call office.
¦wwvwil?MH AND JV>MUK,
A-i-Fukn urlntnl'liNt liiriiliiljed rooms to l»t:
with or without Ixjnrdrwo mvo you walking
the mi«.t«. Tourist Kenilris Hurmiu, Id
M'.niS-|)inr>iy it. •' ¦
MEl^mTH." 2is""Turli-aunn7 front" rt«Bi|
electrle HkIiu; hot nnrt aiM water: modern;
Umrd; rf a satiable ;i>hone South )O.
VAN NKKtf, filD— Ilamicoine furnished punny
f ultrn, jingle roohm: firm-elnM tnl>l<- bourn.
COttlliN (The7. "MiTlftJVler— l<l™Hu'riny room
for one or two gentleman: excellent botml.
LAMtiOUHNK, 4U(j Kddy— MIsh.claM hotel.tur.
or slnKli'i bouftl oiitlnnnl: utenni hewt.
JOHNKON. The, 005 O'Fftmll— Nice home;
Kood tnblr.; spacious ground*; rates moderate.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Belect
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates,
CKOCKER, The,"¥ir> Lravpn worth — "fluniiy.
rmn.; Kln.and suites; ground and tennlscrt.
NIARA. 015 Taylor— Sunny front and back
miltes; excellent board; tprm« rpawonabln.
STOItAGK . AJVD' AVAUKUOWJiES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH StoraRo and Movlnp Co.,
ofOce Port and Powell gts. : tcl. Main 071.1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Ml«-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., G.K) Market St.;
I tfe '- Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
peny. 23?0 Fillmore. ft. : phone Jackson 231.
I TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINsTn TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for iess money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California-: telephone Main 206.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctors; ettiinntefree. 209 Sansome.
PROPOSALg.
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Office of the
Veterans' Home oC California, room 13. 320
Eansome St.. San Francisco, Cal. — Under ami
In pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' • Home, located at
Ycuntvllle. Napa County. Cal.." and appro-
• priatlng $25,000 therefor (approved March
£8, 1901. Statutes 1901. page S23). and In
accordance -with the resolution .of -the board
of directors of the Veterans Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12, ! 1901. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for.
sealed proposal* for furnishing the material*
and performing the labor for the erection
and construction cf sa'.d hospital building:,' at
the eaid Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County, in accordance with tbe plans, de.
Fcriptions. bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnll. archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
cealed proposals will be let, made and en-
tered into; eaid plans, descriptions, bills and
specifications can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 0 a. m. end 8 o'clock p:
' m. of each and every business, day. from
tbe date hereof to the date of said contract
or contracts, at the office of the *ald di-
rectors of • said Veterans* Home, room 13,
MO Sansome st., Ean Francisco. Cal. v
Separate bids will be received and separate
contracts let and entered into as herein
sbove set forth, for each of the following
parts of eaid building,, erection or structure.
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by an
set entitled "An act to regulate contracts
on behalf of tne State in relation, to erection
of buildings" (approved March 23. 187a,
Statutes 1876-6. page 427). and the acts
amendatory . thereof, that Is to say for ths
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
brick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, eles-
- trie and glaxing work. *,
Third, for the plumbing work. . .
Fourth, for the heating work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized iron and
« Is tine work, and
Sixth.- for the painting and graining.
Eaid work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
front wards as shown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bill* and specifications. Including th»
furnishing of materials and tbe necessary
labor therefor.
The work is to be done under the super-
vision and direction of I«aac H. Small and
tbe building* and grounds and the hospital
committees of satd Veterans' Home, acting
for and on tbe behalf of Its gald board of
directors.
A separate contract will be let for ss many
different kinds of work as are hereinabov*
•peclned. No bid or proposal will be received
or considered unles* accompanied with a good
¦nd sufficient bond of said proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per rent of his proposal or
bid, with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If tsld proposal or bid shall be accepted th»
party propotinr or bidding will duly « D ter
into a proper contract and faithfully perform
his or their contract or contracts. In accord-
ance with aald proposal dr bid. and ths plant,
description*, bllla and specifications, which
«re hereby msde a part of this notics and
cf any contract to be let hereafter.
Raid sealed bids or proposals must be de<
llvered to the said directors of the Veterans'
Home of California, or .n the secretary there-
ef. st the office of raid directors, room 18.
S20 Eansnme St., In tbe city and county of
Fan Francldco. fitate of California, on or
before the hour of 1:80 p. m. of the twenty-
recond day of March. 1902. which Is hereby
designated as the time and place where the
•sld sealed bids or proposals will ba opened
by the raid directors of the raid Veterans'
Home, snd said contracts let and made.
If In the opinion of said board of directors
cf the said Veterans' Home the acceptance
of the lowest of said sealed bids or proposal*
thall not be for the best Interests of the
State, said board of directors hereby reserves
the right to accept any ot said bids or pro-
posals opened as In their opinion may be for
the best Interests of the State,- under and In
accordance with and as provided by the terms
of section 4 of the fald act entitled. "An
act to regulate contract* on behalf of the
Etkte In relation to erection end building*''
(approved March 23, 1876, Statutei 187S-6,
page 4B7). or to reject any or all of said
tealed blda or proposals.
For further Information and particulars
bidding . contractors are hereby referred to
the secretary of the board of directors ot said
Veterans' Home, at the office of said board
Cif directors, as herelnabove cet forth.
By order of the board of directors of tho
Veterans* Home of California. .
J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
Dated February 10. 1902. _\-
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Milton Cohn. 27. Jill Turk street, and So-
phia Bertr, 21, 1367 EIllsi Ptreet.
Naftaiy Mosltowltz, 25, 311 Grove street, and
Rebecca Friedman, 23, city.
Pearlle IT. Qlissman. 22, Oakland, and Eliza-
beth K. Maas. 20. .1987 Seventeenth street.
William Robertson. S2, 1129 Broadway, and
Estelle L. Chevalier, B0, 1129 Broadway.
John II. Martin. 35, Concord, and Nellie T.
llacy, 29, 252 Linden avenue. >
Thomas J. "West. 48. .303 Sixth street, and
Mary F. Maheady. 42. 303 Sixth Btreet.
Emmanuel S. Hirsch. 29, 821 Hyde Btreet
and Jennie Levy, 26, city.
J. L.' Jacobs, 34. New York City, and
Blanche E. Morris, 26, city.
John B. Daneri. 24, 1208 Powell street, and
Jean Arey. 21. 231 Third avenue.
Louis A. Por>e, 22. 159 Teliama Btreet, and
Mary L. SchafflMd, 20. 235 Clara Btreet.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at 'either of the tmblicatlon offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
borIt.
FERRtER— In this city, March 11. 1002.' tn
the wife of John S. Ff frier, a daughter.
MARBIE©^
BARTLETT— DARNLEY— In ttys city. March
10, 1902, by the Rev. Milton D? Buck. Joeep i
L. Bartlett and Martha Jessie Darnley, both
of Par. Francisco.
MURDENT— KELLEHER — In San Rafael
January 2fl, 1302. by the Rev. Father Egan'
William J. Murdent and Margaret Kelleher'
both of San -Francisco. *
REIMERS— HUGHES— In this city, March 8
1002, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, William
F. Relmera and Clnda, Kllln. Hughes. - *
' mm.
Barlow, Catherine L. Freudenthal, Cecelia
Brendnge. Julia M.. Graham, Sarah C
Brlndle. William 8. Hlggs, H. F
Brown, Jamea Iveii, Frances T.
Carroll, John J Lancaster, Thomas
Carroll, William W. Lewi*, Mary K
Coffey. - Alice M. Mathawa, William
Corbett, Hush MeMlnjr. Fannlo
Ooughlfm, John Mulloy, Charles A. '
Driscoll, Cornelius J, Newman, Henry
Kastnurti, Ilulnf Hchneiie, LmiH W.
Flynn, Margaret VL : Thrane, Mary
DAIILOW— In this city. March ft, 1002, Cath-
erine L.. beloved. wifo of Wllllnm Q. Uar-
)ow, and mother of Mr*. Lllla M. Klnaman
snd William O. Biiricrw Jr., a nntlvo of Hcot-
land, hbi'1 40 yearn 1 month nn<l 17 day*,
CTKrlmds and OR<iU".lnt«ne»*« nr* re»w>«t-
fully Invited to attend lh« funornl to-riny
(Wednrwlay). - at- 1:30 o'clock, from Ontral
M. K. Church. Mission street, between fllxth
und Seventh. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery, by •lectric • funeral cur from corner
Klulit '•••iitli «nd Guerrero streets. ¦ , '•
Tin; officer* and members of Aurora Lod«e
No. 2<i2, K.' and L. of II., nre rr-qucsted to
attend the funeral of our la(«,«Uter r Cath-
erine Barlow, at Central Methodist Church,'
Wednesday, March 12.
OKonaK. 8ORKNSON, Protector.
L. B. HOLCOMB. fiecretarf.
MRENDAGE— In this city, March 11. 1902.
Julia Mary BrendoKC, dearly beloved wife of
Kdward Brendojtp, and lovlncr mother of Mrs.
Lawrpniw MeMahon and Flora.. Eddie, Julia
and Willie Brendafce, , -a native . of South
Wales, England, agrd .(.) years 3 months and
ll'dpy*. ¦¦ • ' • ¦ '• .- • .: ' • •, • . }•¦/.*;
CTKrlends ¦ ana ftcffu'alntarices . sra respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral. to-morrow
tCTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at I o'clock, from her late
residence, 1O2.'{ Taylor avenue, Alameda.
Cremation Odd Fellows' Cemetery, Sari Fran-
cisco, via 2 o'clock creek boat. Funeral
services^ at Odd Fellowa' Chapel at 3:30
o'clock. . . ¦ / ~.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary. ' .
THRANE — In Alameda, March 10, 1902, Mary
', Thrar.e, beloved wife of C. R. Thrane, 'and
mother of Laura and Bessie Thrane. a native
of Denmark, aged 41 years 3 months and 11
days. "
(TiTi'l'-miN snd aeqtialntfiner>n are renpeel*
fully Invited to attend tho funeral* tO'tlaj'
(Wednesday), nt'luo'cloek, from the rest*
<\< in.- of hi* daughter, 1807 Loguna street.
Interment private.
D. O. L. No. 4. I. O. H. U.— Members of tho
general committee nn.l funeral ¦ detail will
Kiteentble nt the office ol the grand secretary,
J21 Eddy street,, to-day, at 0:30 o'clock
i.nliiifp, tu Attend the funeral of our late
l>roth<r,' Henry Newman, pant grand officer.
1. J. ASCHHE1M, Grand Secretary.
BCHNELLK— In this elty, March 0, 1002, Louis
W., beloved huaband of Marls Sehnelle. and
ion of Charles Bchneile, a native of Berke-
ley, aged ;::t years V month* and 0 days.
ICThe funerifr will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at P o'clock, from hli late
residence, 13SI Dolores Street. Services at
Cypress Lawn Chapel, under the auspices of
Arapahoe Tribe, Impd. O. R. M., and Stan-
ford Parlor, N. S. G. W.
STANFORD Parlor No. 70, N. S. - O. W.--
Members are requested to assemble at the
residence of our late member, Louis Sehnelle.
> 13. r >4 Dolores street, this (Wednesday) morn-
ing, at 8:50 o'clock. By order of the parlor.
S. O. STANYAN. President.
, lha Church ni.. the Moat Ugly Redeemer,
wh»Ti» it requiem high man* will bo «!«••
• Itrutf-tl for the repoie of his soul at u:J0
Q'j'lQf'k. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. 1
NEWMAN- in this elty, March' 10, 1002,
Henry Newmnn, beloved father of Mrs. J. J.
' Frank, n native of ftavnrltt, aged 7n years
N months uml :i days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited , to "attend the funeral services
Thursday, March 13, 1902, at 11 o'clock, at
the family residence, 208'/6 Francisco street.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MATHEWS— in this city, March 10, 1902, Wil-
liam Arrinirton Mathews, a native of San
Francisco, aged 49 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, March 13, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence of hlfl mother, Mrs. E; G. Mathews,
104 East Twelfth street. East Oakland. In-
terment private.
MESSING — In Chicago, 111., March 11, 1903
Fannie, wife of Rev.--DK A. J. Messina;.
MULLOY — In this city, March 10, 1902,
Charles A., beloved son of the '.late Daniel
and Mary Mulloy, and brother of Mrs, F. C.
Mollett, Mrs. S. J. Malcolm and Dennis and
the late Daniel Mulloy, a native of San
Francisco, aged 25 years 11 months and 10
• days. •'
(?^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited fit attend, the .funeral to-dav
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late
residence, 3837' Twenty-first street, thence to
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), st 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 104S Tennessee street, between
Twenty-first and Twenty-second. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of California Re-
bekah Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F., will assem-
ble at Welcome Hall, I. O. O. F. building:,
to-day (Wednesday), at 11:30 o'clock sharp,
to attend the funeral of our late sister, C.
M. Freudenthal.
MARTHA OSSOSKY, N. G.
GRAHAM— In Alameda, March 10, 1902, Sarah
Catherine ' Graham, widow of the late Jo-
seph M. Graham; and mother of Mrs. M. G.
Strong,- Mrs. E. C. McCall and Eugene, W1I-.
Ham and Frank Graham, a native of New
York, aged 65 years 4 months and 9 days. .
and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, March 12, 1902, at 2 o'clock, from her
late residence. <»06 Park street. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
HIGGS — In this city, March- 9, 1902. at the
Golden West Hotel, B. F. Hlgrgs, aged 72
years. V
(C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 io* clock, from the fu-
neral parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission
street. TnUrment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via 11:30 o'clock train from Third and Town-
send streets.
IVES — In this city, March 10, 1902, Frances
Theresa, beloved daughter of Henry Ives,
and stepdaughter of Catherine Ives, a .na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 18 years It
months and 7 days. - . .
jCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thurrday), nt 12, o'clock, from the. parents'
residence, C22Vi "Ninth street. Interment
. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
LANCASTER— In this city* March 9, 1902.
Thomas, Delovod husband of Ellen Lancaster,
a native of England, aged 51 years 8 months
and 18 days. ! {New York City, London and
Liverpool papers please copy.) •
(C7"Frlend8 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lati*
residence, W Ivy avenue, off Polk ¦treet,
thence to St.' Mary's Cathedral, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his- soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LEWIS — In thia city, March 10, 1902, Mary
Elizabeth Lewis, beloved wife of John R.
Lewis, mother of Thomas J. Lewis, and Mrs.
Mary E. Wulzen. and Krandmother of Lil-
lian Wulzen and Martha E. and Maggie
Lewis, a native of England, aged 50 yearn
11 months and 6 days.
. E7"FrienJs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh- and ¦ Eighth, thence to St.
Patrick's Church for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
,^tuneral car from Eighth and Harrison
streets. . ¦ — .
FLYNN— In this city, March 11, 1902, at tho
parents' residence, 12 street, Mar-
garet M.. beloved daughter of James, and
Ellen Flyrin, and sister of Katie, ' John and
Edward Flynh and Mrs. James Daly, a na-
tive of San Francisco, ¦ aged 24 years 1
month and 14 days.
FREUDENTHAL— In this elty, March 0, 1902,,
Cecelia M., dearly beloved -wife of John H
Freudenthal, and devoted mother of Fred J.,
Cecelia M.. Harry TV, Annie M. and Albert
C. Freudenthal, Mrs. G. Edwards and Mrs.
R. Cain, a tiativo of London, England, aged
6.'l years 11 months and 11 days. A mem-
ber of Mlzpah Circle No. 100, C. of F., and
California Rebekah Lodge No. 1, I. O. O. F.
We miss tbee from our home, 'dear mother,
We miss thee from thy place.
A shadow o'er our life Is cast,
We miss the sunshine of thy face. -
We miss thy kind and willing hand, .
Thy fond and earnest care.
• Our home is dark without thee —
We miss thee everywhere. • •
—BY HER DEAit CHILDREN. .
. IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the.funeral to-morrow
• (Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
' residence, 1910 Greenwich street, ! thence to
St. Brield's Church, where a requiem low
mass will be celebrated for the reDose of his
soul, commencing at !) o'clock. Interment
, Holy Cross Cemetery. , •
DRISCOLL— In Manila, February 5, 1902, Cor-
nelius J., dearly beloved son of Mrs. Ellen
• Pouly, and brother of John J. Driscoll, aged
23 years 9 months and 20 days.
EASTMAN— In this 'city, March 10, 1902.
Ruby, beloved daughter of the late Charles
and Catherine Eastman, and sister of Mrs.
Woodworth. Mrs. Nickersori' " and Lottie,
Clara and Hetty Eastman and the late Mrs.
Margaret Brlttain and Mrs. Kate Brown, a
. native of Santa Cruz, aged 20 years and 2
days. .t
COFFEY — In thfa city, March -11, 1902, Alio-s
¦ Margaret, ¦ beloved daughter of Joseuh and
; Annie Coffey, and granddaughter of the" late
¦ Joseph and MarKaret Coffey and Michael and
the late Rose McDonald, ' a . native of San
'¦ Francisco, aged 2 months and 8 days.
CORBETT — In Boulder Creek,' March if, 1902,
Hugh Corbett, a native of Pictou, Nova
Scotia, aged 'B8' years. ••-.-.
[C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral Thursday,
•at 2:30 o'clock, from the parlors of A'. W.
Martin & Co., ai9 O'Farrell street. •;
COUGHLEN— In this city, March 11, 1902,
John, belwed husband of the late Margaret
Coughlfen, and ¦ beloved father of John arid
James Cougnlen and Mrs. ¦W. E. Coe, a na-
' ttve of County Cork, Ireland, aged 71 years
'8 months and 15 days. • •¦• ¦ •
fifth and Valencia streets at 11:40 O'clock.
CyFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, corner Eighteenth and Carolina
streets. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
via Southern" Pacific train leaving Twenty-
C. L. EkNER, Secretary.
CARROLL— In ftils city, March 10, 1902, .'Wil-
liam W., beloved husband of Elizabeth Car-
roll, a native of New York, aged 77 years 4
•months and 11J days. ¦ - .
tCTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o clock,' from -his late
residence, tsll OK^rrcro street, thence t6 Mis-
sion Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
qulem high mass will be ' celebrated for the
repose of hlfl poiil, ' commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy. Cross Cemetery, by electric
fu'nerftl car from Kichteenth and. Guerrero
Ktreets.
1GNATIAN COUNCIL No. o5, T. M. I. — Mem-
bers » re requested to assemble at the house
Of mcurnlntf at 8 o'clock^o attend the fu-
ncral of our late brother. John J. Carroll.
1'er/order J. B. QUEEN, President.
(Thursdny), ot 1 o'eloek, from ths unftertak-
Int! iiirltiH pt thi ( Untjtuer & OuntK Unrier-
inldfi!T pnrl'tm, 1200 M'^nlun utreet, h8twff>n
Hl»:lit'ii uml. Ninth. Inttrment Mount Olivet
Omttery.
n'HINJ)LK!—In thin f»y. Munli 10. WKi, Wll-
limn H., lifluv>-i| hnrliMinl ,nt MIIsm Urimllf,
nnJ fHther of A1U'« N., WlltlRm H., RU-hanl.
TiiumuM, J^wt'Uh Miirt Arthur F: Urlmlle, it im-
Hvi* nf Liverpool, Kngluni], hk'"1 I- year* 7
months' mill 2H fl«y*. • ,•¦ •
ty'tfriPwU bhJ ii.eduftlnlaneei nrs reip#ct-
fully invited to attend ths funeral gervlcw
Thursday, Mimih J.'l, .itMis, at ,11 o'clock, at
the family resident,^. 12M rennnylviknla tive-
niic, bi'twniMi Marlncstt and s rle%'enteenth
Htrwti. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BUOWN— In Onklnnd, March 11, lti(tt, Janirtg,
beloved imeuflnd of Dorothy ¦ Urown, 1 und
father of .tohn L., Jamps A., William 11. nnd
«h« late E. H. Brown, MrM. A. W. Prole,
Mrs. W. It.' llarter, Mr«. Albert Mowell and
Mrs. Dr. D. K. Douthett of Ogceola, ¦ Iowa,
a native Of Virginia, aeed EC years 'and J
'month*. ¦ . ' ' ' „
CAUROLl>-lri this city, March 10, 1002. John
3., beloved husband of Olla Carroll, and
father of Nellie, Lorettft and Dorothy Car-
roll, a native of San Francisco, ajr.ed 45
yeni-s. •¦¦.'¦•¦ , ¦ ' ¦ . •
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
- 27 nn.l 49 Fifth St. Tel.SoUlh "t~
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMuALHEIlS.
finest rfinlfirttent nt MnHei-atf RAtVsOver in Alnmeda County there are signs
of further political complications. It is
whispered that Supervisor John Mitchell
of the Pardee forces -has resolved to en
ter the arena as a candidate for Assessor
against -Dalton.' The fact is broadly
recognized in Alameda County that Dr.
Paidee, in his aspirations for Guberna
torial honor, has a stanch following, but
It happens unfortunately for the chief
aspirant that his lieutenants are looking
out" for themselves. Frank Jordan, for
Instance, is a. brave supporter of Dr. Par
dee for Governor, but atthe same time
he is a - braver supporter of Frank Jordan
for clerk of the. Supreme Court.
Opposition to Dalton.
The clerkship to the Justices is not as
valuable a plum as it was a few
weeks ago. Under the charter the
clerk is entitled to five deputies, each at
a salary of $100 per month. Under the de
cision of -the Superior Court Judges that
Mayor Schmitz had no power to appoint
the clerk and that it devolved on the Jus
tices to select and the Supervisors to con
firm a candidate to that office, the matter
is' brought under the operation of the
State law. Under the State law the clerk
to the Justices can only appoint two depu
ties. >
Considerable wire-pulling was done yes
terday by various political parties In be
half of the numerous candidates for the
clerkship. It was generally recognized
that in the event of the Justices and the
Supervisors' committee agreeing on a
candidate the Board of Supervisors
would confirm the selection. If the Jus
tices and the committee are unable to
agree there is little chance of a clerk
being appointed. The board is composed
of seven Republicans, seven Democrats
and four Union Labor members, and there
is sure to be a deadlock if the Justices
send in the name of a candidate who is
not recommended by the special commit
tee of the Supervisors.
Powel Fredrick says that he and his
deputies will hojd on to their places until
the Supreme Court rules them out. They
propose to take an appeal from the recent
decision of the Superior Court Judges. As
to the question of salaries the clerk and
his deputies are prepared to do their work
and collect their emoluments in the event
of receiving a favorable decision from the
Supreme Court.
Wire-Pulling for the Place.
his hand. The Mayor having taken the
stand that he had the right to appoint
a clerk to the Justices, is not likely to
back down in his support of Powel Fred
rick, who now holds the offlc^.
Will Plant Memorial Tree To-Day.
The members of the Board of Education
and Mayor Schmitz will participate In the
planting of the McKlnley memorial tree in
Union Square this morning. A number
of other city officials will take part in the
exereUe».t-w^eKSB?S»aKtv.
Beklns&Co.,«hippersof household goods. Chi
cago. Los Angeles. San Francisco. 630 Market. •
The committee referred to the ¦ Finance
Committee the demand ot "W. . Hinton • in
the sum of $82 for printing reports for the
Fire Commissioners. Secretary McCarthy
of. the commission stated that Hinton had
followed the custom and printed the re
port* without ; any formal authorization.
The committee holds - that bids should
have been invited for the work. .
The Supervisors' Printing • Committee
yesterday reported In favor of .'accepting
the bid of the Evening Post for official
advertising at 15 cents per half inch for
each insertion. '• •¦*-» ¦
Will Get the Official Advertising.
The Alumni Association of the Univer
sity of California has issued a call for a
meeting of all the graduates to be held
on the afternoon of Charter day, March
22, at Berkeley. The meeting is for the
purpose of discussing the affairs of the
university and deciding what work shall
be undertaken by the Alumni Association
for the improvement of. the alma mater
Up to the present time tne graduates of
the university number almost three thou
sand.
Alumni Issues Call for Meeting.
G«orge Mayerle, German Expert Optician,
Entrance 1071 Market: look for eye with crown.
. City Attorney Lane advised the Board
of Supervisors yesterday that the pro
posed ordinance prohibiting: persons
keeping more than two cows within cer
tain specified boundaries is a valid meas
ure. Lane quotes a Supreme Court deci
sion In support of his opinion that legis
lative authority extends to the suppres
sion or regulation of those things which
are hurtful to the general good. Lane
says that an ordinance to be general need
not cover the entire city, provided there
is good reason for the division of the city
into districts, and there Is nothing in the
charter which conflicts with such a dis
tricting of the city for sanitary pur
poses. ,
"Two Cow" Ordinance la Valid.
Mrs. Lot ha Ladure of 328 Clementina
street applied yesterday for a warrant
for the arrest of her husband, William
Ladure, on" charges of grand larceny and
bigamy, 'but as the offenses were not com
mitted in this State warrants could ¦ not
be issued. She said they were married in
Chicago a year ago. She had $1500 in
bank and drew out $500, with which they
came here. They were only here a short
time when he deserted her and she says
Bhe has now ascertained that he drew
out the remaining $1000 of her money in
Chicago, and married a woman in New
York.
Delia Stanton, a domestic employed by
a family on Bush street, secured a war
rant yesterday for the arrest of A. D.
Dallion, an upholsterer, on a charge of
felony embezzlement. She said she first
met Dallion in Seattle about two years
ago and when she came here he followed.
Finally . they became engaged and last
Friday he (old her that they would get
married and go to Denver. She had
$250 in bank and he induced her to draw
out $120. After they left the bank Dal
lion said that the gold was too heavy for
her to carry and suggested that if she
gave him the money he would get it
changed into bills. She parted with the
coin,- and, has not seen Dallion since..
heart, the Other Both. Money
• and Husband. . ~
One Xioses Her Savings and Sweet-
The cases of six men who were ar
rested in the Cafe Royal and six who
were arrested in the Baldwin Annex Jan
uary 24 for playing poker were dismissed
by Judge Fritz yesterday. The Judge
held that ordinance 1587, under which they
-were arrested, had been declared uncon
stitutional.
Flaying Poker Is No Crime.
Railway Commission Meets.
The new freight and passenger tariff
sheets of the Nevada,. California and
Oregon Railway, which recently absorbed
the Sierra Valley Railway, were received
by the State Railway Commissioners at
their meeting yesterday. Consideration of
the sheets was postponed until the next
meeting. Only business of a routine char
acter was transacted at the meeting.
BTJEGLAHS ROB SALOON
AND GROCERY STORE
Break Through Front Door and Carry
Away Whisky, Cigars and
a Ham.
The grocery store and saloon kept by
H. H. Grleme at 18 Seventh street was
entered early yesterday morning by burg
lars who effected an entrance by forcing
the front door with an Iron bar. They
broke open the till in the bar-room, after
damaging the cash register, which they
were unable to readily open. As a reM-ard
for rII their work and risk they secured
less than $5 in small change, three bottles
of whisky, a box of cigars and a ham
The burglary was reported to the police
¦who are working on the theory that the
burglars are members of a gang of hood
lums who infest the neighborhood and
who were seen In front of the store by
the proprietor before he closed for the
night. The fact that they did not con
fine their pillage to cash alone, but took
"Mr. Deuprey," said President Newhall,
sharply, "your language to this Police
Commission is improper. "When you ' say
it is ¦discriminating against your client
you state what is not true."
"I say 'if you discriminate," retorted
Deuprey.
"Your language is not proper," replied
Newhall.
"Then I will withdraw it," said the at
torney.
"This case will go over one week in
order to give the Chief an opportunity to
investigate the case," said Newhall.
Deuprey again lost his temper, and as
he left the room he heatedly said, "Then
you'll hear from me later."
Mayor Schmitz was an Interested lis
tener to the proceedings, but said noth
ing. ¦
"If you refuse to grant this license,"
he said, "it will be an unjust discrimina
tion in favor of others in the same busi
ness."
President Newhall informed the attor
ney and his client that Market street was
a crowded thoroughfare and before
granting or denying the petition the mat
ter would be referred to Chief Wittman.
Deuprey became impatient with the com
mission and lost his temper.
Attorney Deuprey received a sharp
reprimand from Police Commissioner
Newhall last night, for using language
that was deemed insulting to the mem
bers of the board. Deuprey represented
John D. Lewis, who. desired to open an
auction house at 1065 Market street.
WOMEN ABB SWINDLED
BY MEN THEY TRUSTED
Mayor Schmitz is waiting to see what
will be done by the Justices and the
Supervisors' committee before he shows
Supervisor Wynn,' who introduced the
resolution calling for the appointment of
a special committee, was in conference
yesterday with the Justices, arranging
for a meeting. of all parties concerned.
Justices Daniels, Long, Joachimsen.and
Dunn are desirous of bringing an end to
the present, tangle, but. they .are; unable to
agree upon. a. candidate- for clerk. Dunn
and Long think that George S. McComb
should be. the selection, while Daniels and
Joachimsen favor Clerk Welsh of Judge
Murasky's court, with Robert Dennis as
second choice. ¦ •
The controversy over, the office of clerk
to theJustices of the Peace may be set
tled to-morrow, when" a conference will
be held by the Justices, the Mayor and
the special committee of • the Board of
Supervisors, appointed to find' a solution
no the situation: | ¦
The contest for the clerkship of the
Justices'. Court is further enlivened by
the addition of two more candidates for
the place. . Robert W. Dennis, a deputy in
the office, and Senator Richard J. Welch,
have ' entered . the field. Each aspirant, is
strongly supported. .. I
The Justices' Clerk Trouble.
be a storm of remonstrance. . Some of the
merchants and -business men of San
Francisco have been -cherishing: the hope
that the -Governor, in- recognition of the
city's importance as a great commercial
metropolis. -would appoint to the Harbor
Board seme well known citizen of high
character and fine business attainments.
When they hear that Johnny Mackenzie,
the understudy of Jim Rea. has been ap
pointed, there will be other demonstra
tions of public dissent. ' •. \ ,
merchandise and liquor, would seem to
substantiate the belief that they, are not
professionals.
' The push politicians are saying that
Mackenzie's » fight In San Jose is Gage's
light— that the defeat of the Mackenzie
forces and the triumph of the Hayes wing
of the party would be construed as a seri
ous disaster to Gage. It is common gos
bip that Burns made a straight demand
that Mackenzie should get the commis
sicn. Burns is bitterly sore over the loss
of what he claims was his fair share of
municipal patronage. . He has . declared
war to the knife on Crimmins, but is
makinR a laughing stock of himself by
dcing politics aith Herrin, while the lat
lcr is lending substantial support to Crim
mins. It is known to be a fact that with
in the last three days efforts were made
to *.ettle the fight for clerk of the Justices'
Court on the basis of ignoring Crimmlns.
Herrin declined to entertain the proposi
tion, telling, his friends, that- Crimmins
must be sustained. • Herrin is standing
right in with Crimmins, while Burns is
making threats of extinguishing the po
litical life of any man. high or low, who
consents to do politics with the odious
the first session of the bosses. At a sec
ond session the names of Lynch and
Fehnemann were obliterated from the
Plate. When the contest was narrowed
down to Mackenzie and Kirkpatrick ac
tive skirmishing took place. George Stone;
adjutant general of the State and chair
man of the Republican State Central
Committee, and Dan T. Cole, coiner at
the Mint, and ex-Harbor Commissioner,
espoused the cause of Kirkpatrick. The
Union League Club influence was cast in
favor of Kirkpatrick. Burns and Herrin
advocated the appointment of Mackenzie.
It appears that the Santa Clara boss
needs all the outside help possible to en
able him to win out against the Good
Government forces in the San Jose May
election. ¦ . • ¦ ..
Uses Sharp Words jto
Commissioners of
Police.
Ornamental Picture Frames.
New exclusive designs In oval, circle
and square picture frames. Made in all
sizes and perfection of finish. Small gold
ovals, superbly finished In preen and
russet gold. Swell novelties. Also Flem
ish finishes in browns, blacks, gTeen and
grays. We will not fail to please the most
fastidious, and no better can be furnished
at any price. Sanborn, Vail & Co., Ml
Market street. •
Bohemian Club Ticket.
The nominating committee of the Bo
•hemlan Club has reported the following
nominations for the regular ticket:
President, Frank P. Deerlng; vice president.
Dr. J. Dennis Arnold: secretary. Charles K.
Field: treasurer. W. B. Hopkins; directors —
Frederic \V. Hail. Richard M.' Hotallng,
Thomas Rlckard and William Letts Oliver.
Malt-Nutrine
Has the unanimous indorsement of the
medical profession. It is prepared by the
Anheuser-Busch Brewing /Ass'n, which
fact guarantees the purity, excellence and
merit claimed for it. •
INJURED SAILOR DIES.— Nels Eorenson,
who fell into the hold of the shlD Marion Chll
cott a few days ago, died of his injuries yes
terday at the City and County Hospital.
DEUPRE Y LOSES
HIS PATIENCE
"The deposit was made during one of
the several trips East that the doctor and
his wife made during their many years of
residence in California. The money Is
«afe. beins in •, one of the oldest and
strongest of New England's banking in
stitutions. It is ready to be paid over to
the executor as soon a? the estates are
probated."
"Dr. Cogswell began life at Pawtucket.
rear Providence. It was only natural he
should go there to put his savings away
•when he had decided not to trust all to
California. That he had in mind possible
reverses seems evident from the fact that
he placed the bulk of the deposits in his
wife's name. This would indicate his de
pire to have her placed beyond danger
in the event anything should occur to
him.
"You see," paid Attorney Reed to-night
after his arrival, '"none of us know for a
certainty why the doctor made that de
posit in Providence. But it is a very fair
presumption that he was providing
against a rainy day or against possibility
of reverses in California.
From other sources the possessions *of
the aged couple were gradually brought
together, with the eame result at each
turn. Thrift, saving and careful Invest
ment at every hand marked the old man's
habits. When the evidence concerning
the Kastern pile of trold was revealed
those interested only took it as another
striking example of the Cogswell char
acteristic.
Thrift and Safe Investments.
When Mrs. Cogswell died the executor
took possession of her effects. During the
searen of ber rooms at the Marechal Nell.
404 Ellis street. San Francisco, there was
brought to light from out-of-the-way
nooks and corners $3000 in gold coin and
at 'east J2OU0 worth of diamonds which
were found on a window sill. Thrown
carelessly into a corner of a closet was
uncovered a pair of gold mounted sus
penders, studded with diamonds, the
property of the deceased dentist, a luxur
ious piece of wearing apparel that was
fairly gorgeous in its adornment of pre
cious etones and metal.
But this is not all of the nest eggs that
the executor has uncovered since the
death of the aged dentist and his wife.
Ijt. Cogswell was ever known to have
been ot moderate taste so far as his per
h<jual wants were concerned. Quietly he
tnd bb wife lived. Without the slightest
outward display of their savings they
went through life. That their frugality
had won them gold galore was well
known, but few were prepared to realize
that the doctor, despite his benefactions,
had hcarded a round half-million, every
item cf which was In gold or could be
converted into gold coin at short notice.
In depositing the fund he had the bulk
cf it credited to his wife. The figures as.
tiiey row stand on the trust company's
uooks show a credit in favor of Dr. Cogs
well of Ji.7,758 10 and in the wile's name
there is $73,230 PS. making a total of SluO,
{i.SJt OS. This wili be turned over to tha
executor in due course of probate process.
Bulk Credited to Wife.
fcucec-ss has crowned the efforts of the
txtcutcr and his legal adviser, who barely
three weeks ago ueparted on. a mission
to tecure to the estates the gold that they
learned had for *more 'than a score of
years been buried in the vaults of an
Eastern bank. A story of treasure trove
surrounds the quest for the fortune which
the venerable pioneer and his spouse left
&il this time untouched. It grew by ac
cumulation of interest, and never a penni
es imucipal nor of interest was with
drawn Horn the day that Dr. Cogswell
raadfe the original deposit.
Kxecutor liensnaw ana Attorney Reert
found the golaen hoard safe in the strong
tox of tne Khode island Hospital Trust
Company at Providence. R. 1. With the
necessary legal documents and authoriza
tion the canlornians had no trouble in
securing tne control of the coin. They
found tnat I>r. Cogswell, in this instance,
fcfad given only one more of many evi
dences that have been disclosed of his
prudent tarifi and mind for luture exi
gencies.
As a result of a journey of 6000 miles,
ended to-day with their return to Oak
land, William G. Henshaw. executor of
tr.e estates of the late Dr. Henry D. Cogs
¦weli and Mrs. Caroline E. Cogswell, and
hit attorney, George W. Reed of the law
firm of Heed & Nusbaumer, more than
91QC.GC0 has been added to the fortune
¦which the aged pioneer philanthropist and
his \ni£e have left for distribution among
their kin.
Special Dispatch to The Call. •
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. March 11.
Couple.
Shode Island Trust Company's Vaults
Hold More Than $100,000
• for Heirs of Aged
Executor Henshaw and At
torney Reed Secure the
Buried Fortune.
SACRAMENTO, March 11.— At the State
Controller's office it is stated that the
salary of $200 which for six months
Shortridge has drawn as Building ami
Loan Commissioner will not be paid to
McCabe in consequence of Judge Sea
well's decision. If McCabe wishes to ob
tain the $1200 he^ts short by reason of
payments to Shortridge he will have to
go to the Legislature, as was done in
the case of the late Denis Spencer, who
was appointed attorney for the State
Board of Health. George A. Knight re
fused to vacate the office and drew the
salary. A relief bill In the Legislature
afterward provided for the payment of
the Spencer claim.
The case of the people against Burbank has
not been overruled or even questioned by the
Supreme Court in any subsequent case. As
the term of a Building and Loan Commis
sioner does not begin at a fixed time and the
statute fails to specify the duration of the
term of one appointed to fill a vacancy. I
hold, upon the authority of that case, that
plaintiff's term of office is four years from the
time when his appointment took- effect.
In* the act of March 23, 1893. creating a
Board of Building and Loan Commissioners,
there is no provision limiting the duration of
the term of a commissioner appointed to fill
a vacancy caused by death or resignation:
neither is there any general statutory pro
vision that a person appointed to^-flll a va
cancy shall hold his office merely for the
remainder of the unexpired term of his pre
decessor. Such a provision is .expressly made
in case of a vacancy in the office of the Sec
retary of State, Controller, Treasurer, Attorney
General, State Harbor Commissioners and Di
rectors of the Insane Asylum.
McCabe was appointed Commissioner
by Governor Budd, vice W. A. Ryan, de
ceased, in December, 1898. In June. 1C01,
Governor Gage appointed C. M. Short
ridge Commissioner, vice McCabe, on the
ground that the latter as Ryan's suc
cessor was entitled to serve only the un
expired term. McCabe refused to give
up the office, claiming that his appoint
ment was good for four years, and he
performed the duties of' Commissioner
until Shortridge qualified on July 17. 1901.
Colgan issued a warrant to McCabe for
his salary up to that date, but refused to
recognize McCabe's claim that he was
still Commissioner.
The suit/ which was decided yesterday
was brought by McCabe in August, 1901.
Judge Seawell in his decision declared
that McCabe's term of office is four years
from the date of his appointment. He
cites the case of the People against Bur
bank, a suit similar in every way to the
one at issue, with the exception that Bur
bank was a District Judge. In that suit
it was held that a District Judge elected
to fill a vacancy caused by death or resig
nation was elected for the term of Bix
years. It was also held that the right of
a Judge elected to fill a vacancy, to hold
for a full term, was not affected by the
proclamation of the Governor calling the
election, that the office to be filled was
for an unexpired term, and that any act
of the Legislature attempting to limit the
duration of the term of the Judge, so
elected, to the unexpired term of his
predecessor, was unconstitutional. Judge
Seawell said:
The suit for a writ of mandate com
pelling State Controller E. P. Colgan to
issue a warrant to E. D. McCabe for
$93 35, claimed to be > due him for «salary
us Commissioner of Building and'' Loan
Associations, from July 17 to August 1,
1901, was decided by Judge Seawell yester
day in favor of the plaintiff, and a per
emptory writ was ordered issued.
Judge Seawell's decision ousts Charles
M. Shortridge from the Commlsaloner
bhip, as he holds that when Shortridge
was appointed by Governor Gage McCabe
held the place by virtue of an appoint
ment from Governor Budd. McCabe,
therefore, will serve as Commissioner un
til next December.
Holds .That the Plaintiff Is
Entitled to the Office
. Until December.
Quest for Cogswell Gold
Is Crowned With \
Success.
The aspirants to succeed Herold were
legion. Among them, were Thomas Kirk
patrick, H. H. Lynch. Sig Bettman, John
D. Mackenzie, Jack Tyrrell. Frank Mars
ton. Charles H. Pratt and Ben Fehne
mann. The names of Tyrrell, Pratt.
Bcttman and Marston were eliminated at
Legion of Aspirants.
of San Jose, shall be appointed
to the State Board of Harbor Commis
sioners to succeed Rudolph Herold. The
bosses are demanding that the Governor
shall make tha appointment without de
lay, as the representatives of the push
clement arc clamorous for places on the
water front. Gage was inclined to give
Herold a few months of grace, but he
found the pressure for immediate change
Irresistible. The salary attaching to the
office of Commissioner is only $3000 per
annum, but the patronage which the
board is authorized to bestow makes the
position particularly alluring to ths
bosses.
OOVERNOR GAGE anQ his chief
advisers. W. F. Herrin and D. M.
Burns, have decided that John
D. Mackenzie, the political boss
It is the popular notion south of
Tehaohapi that Burns forced on the Gov
ernor such appointments as Walter
Moore, to health work; Ben Fehnemann
and Ed Niles, to Mendocino Asylum duty;
Dr. Lawlor, to the Feeble-minded Home,
and Walter Parker, to the State Board
of Examiners. When the south hears of
Johnny Mackenzie's uplifting there will
/
The Governor knows that Burns is on a
rampage, making all sorts of threats to
disturb the peace of the boss camp. In
order to appease the wrath of the dis
turber the Governor ia said to be willlni?
lo ifive Dan's followers the right of way
in the next patronage deal. In the Gage
camp there are several pretty indepen
dent fellows, who fancy that the colonel
is only a bluffer, and that Gage would be
well rid of dead weight if Burns should
take himself and Ills clamorous horde of
1'iaceseekers to some other camp or
clime. It is obvious to many well wishers
ot the State administration that Gage is
unpopular and that his unpopularity, is
growing. The scouts of the administra
tion who have been looking over the Meld
in Southern California ascribe the Gover
nor's unpopularity to his rank recogni
tion of the push element in his appoint
ments.
little Phil.
Judge Seawell Decides
Against Appointee of
Governor Gage.
Burns and Herrin Indorse the San Jose Boss for Har=
bor Commissioner===Clamor of the Push.
BRING BACK
PROOF OF A
RICH HOARD
M'CABE RETAINS
HIS COMMISSION
GAGE SLATES JOHN MACKENZIE
TO SUCCEED RUDOLPH HEROLD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 12, 1902.
POLITICIAN SLATED FOR HAR
BOR COMMISSIONERSHIP AND
ASPIRANTS FOR CLERKSHIP.
12
Baking Pqwd£*i
Makes delicious hot biscuit,
griddle cakes, rolls and muffins.
An absolutely pare, cream of tartar powder.
. «OYAL BAKING POWDER CO, 100 WILLIAM 6T., NEW YORK. \
J "J.M. LEVEE G.ROSENBERG S
| J; M. LEVEE & CO. 1
j THE NEW -FTRML •
I HAVING BOUGHT OUT M. A. STEEN, CORNER POWELL AND %
j GEARY, ARE NOW READY* FOR BUSINESS. §
| . We secured Mr. Steen's stock at a sacrifice, and as we ©
» are desirous of gaining- the good will of the San Francisco ' %
I public, we will give them the benefit of this opportune bar- 2
I gain and start , ©
j A Great Sacrifice Clearance Sale I
| TO-DAY, Wednesday, at 9 A. M. S
> Every article in our store a bargain, of which we quote just a few: ©
* Best quality Taffeta Ribbon, ex- Finest' quality Liberty satin Rib- •
| tra wide, in blue,. pink, cream, car- bon, in white, cream, rose, blue, •
J dinal, lavender" and black; was 15c; leghorn, scarlet, turquoise, reseda 9
I sale price yard 9c and black; sold everywhere at 25c; S
}V.: Ladies' low^neck, no sleeves, lace Coups' "^ S
I trimmed Cotton Vests, in white and EIDERDOWN SACQUES. j •
I ; colors; regular value 20c; our sale Formerly ?i.oo now 48c O
I price < . ............9c ?i-25 ........now 79c •
k . . ' :. "*-"*'* t V $ x -35 •••••.......now S7c ©
t A splendid chance to buy a good $1.50 and $1.75. . .now 98c 0
> Glove for less than wholesale cost. . $2.00...../ ..now $1.10 •
I 5000 pairs of the best $1.00 brand $2.35 to $2. 75 .....now $1-89 •
[ to be closed out at.. pair GSc $3.25 to $4.00/. ...now $2.35 •
! V A GRAND OFFER IN §
I Lad ies' White Waists, i
> All this season's styles. We are determined to close them but and will •
( ! sellthem at just HALF-PRICE. . •
k 10.000 pairs of HOSIERY at less than factory cost; an immense stock of S
k VEILINGS. HANDKERCHIEFS, NECKWEAR, and, in fact, all goods in our store ©
> at SLAUGHTER f RICES. O
| CORNER POWELL and GEARY 8
ADVERTISEMENTS. ___^ _ _
THREE SPECIAL VALUES
25 nieces ALL-WOOL FRENCH CREPE DE
PARIS, 43 Inches wide, In 15 of ths latest
spring shades; also Black"
Price $1.00 Yard.
25 pieces ALL-WOOL FRENCH SATIN PRU-
NELLA (Panne Finish), 42 inches wide,
in all the newest shades, 1 also Black.
Price $1.00 Yard.
15 'pieces FRENCH ETAMINE VOILE, 46
Inches wide, in the following shades?
Tans, Modes, Reseda, Browns, French
Blue, Navu, Cadet, Grau and Castorj also
Black.
Price $L00 Yard.
We will, also show this week an elegant as-
sortment of NEW FOULARD SILKS, in Fine
Twill Satin Finish, Peau de Sole Finish and
Satin Libert]] Finish.
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY OF ABOVE GOODS.
¦
Mall orders promptlB and carerullu executed
and samples forwarded free to anu address.
** 1892.' *P" Vr!^\m^Imc^^*
III. 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
BUTTER
CHOICE OF BRANDS.
FANCY CREAMERY £SU". M 421b
Our best butter always delights particu-
lar buyers.
POINT REYES BUTTER 39c.
SUGAR CORN !T P yrVa c n an d? 33d
Usually 10c.
BAKING SODA. 10c pkgs. 5c.
QUEEN OLIVES 5SR . 9 .!. 1 . ec . t : 25c
Tempting— healthful. Vaually 3Sc.
CORN STARCH, 10c pkgs. 5C,
lYIIAuU UAM.0 and best made. in ft
Pound lUG
10 pounds limit. Usually 15c.
PET CREAM, 8 oz. size 5c.
soaps t^!!!: 8 :..^^..:^;:: 25c
"Where else this price?
STAR BONELESS BACON, 1b 16c.
PORT and SHEHRY",SSr<SiX; 65c
Pure, rich wines. Largest winery la
State. Sample at store.
ZINFANDEL, 65c gallon 45c.
CREAM FRUIT PUDDING-
Schepp's. 10c packages C* \
Vanilla— orange— lemon— chocolate. UU /
RANCH EGGS, dozen 15c.
KENTUCKY 0 K WHISKY- -
Pure Old Bourbon. Gallon PO HE
Mellow type. Usually J3.C0. vZi/0
HUNTER RYE WHISKY, 05c.
SATURDAY NIGHTS— Our popular best
butter sale from 6 to 11 o'clock. Extra
specials at store. The larger your order,
the larger your saving.
Freight Paid 100 Miles. -
113 TAYLOR. PHONE, HOWARD 102.
Wagonettes and
Station Buses
For Ponies* or full size with
capacity For 4, 6, 8 or more
passengers.
Fitted with canopy tops iF
you want.
BRQS.(jQM£SNY
Market and Tenth Streets.
TMm ilgnitaro is on erery box o* the gvaxOno
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablet* >
%bu remedy thai auw * c«ia la •¦» <Ujv