PROFESSORS PEER THE PIT
OF ACTIVE VOLCANO OF KILAUEA
REPORTS from the vol-
M V. cano of Kilauea,' on the
island of Hawaii, con
tinue jo tell of unusual manifes
tations of activity. Venturesome
scientists . and tourists have
peered into the crater and seen
the glo7L'ing masses of molUh
lava. Many people have gone
from Honolulu to sec the erup
tion. Latest nczvs indicates that
the display of smoldering fire is
increasing.'
Proprietor 'and Man*
ager of The Call
Rearrested.
Louis P. Boardman
Procures Issuance
of Warrant
Information Against
Defendants Filed
Here.
PLAINT
LODGED
IN CITY
GAGE CRIMINAL LIBEL PROCEEDINGS
ON FOR HEARING IN SAN FRANCISCO
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, .JUNE 24, 1902.
VOLUME XCH-NO. 24.
* H A HE . accompanying pho
"£"¦ tograpjis of scenes at the
¦ --' crater of Kilauea and
'in the.. vicinity zverc taken
expressly for The Call.
Flames zvithin the awful
pits are reflected at ¦ night in
the clouds of white smoke,
and superstitious natives
fear -r tore active operations
on the part of the God of
Pcle.
• "The chief scene of present activity Is
In^ the mahV central 1 pit of Halemaumau,
which was formed by the subsidence of
a great lava 1 , lake j In 1894. This is still
between' 800 and ,1000 feet deep and ap
proximately a quarter of a mile long, but
gives evidence of a great commotion with
in its walls since February last. The
flat floor 'of recently formed black lava,
then ..visible at the extreme bottom, has
disappeared. .The debris slopes from the
perpendicular walls to the center of tho
pit have radically changed their shape
and look as: if they had been violently
churned, up. There were frequent slides
and falls r of rock from the walls and
slopes of the pit; which echo up through
the smoke wHlrii' sharp metallic sound
1 producing a; weird, uncanny sound which
makes, oneVunconsciously move back from
the edge of • the,pit,
; "There Is ;an immense volume of smoke
and \. sulpbTur \, vapor \ pouring , out bf the
extreme bottom of^the pit and from two
sides about; a third^ of the way from the
•bottom! This: smoke /column was plainly
visible from : off. the Hamakua coast, sev
erity miles "away,", and could be seen as
easily a hundred; miles away.
"There is- molten lava visible in the pit.
but .'It .is -fluctuating in quantity, about
two-; thirds' of the way to the bottom, by
' reason \ of the great • quantity of smoke.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Two.
Lorrin A. Thurstori, former ' Hawaiian
Minister to the United , States, make3 S a
point / of - being early on the scene at
every', new eruption of Kilauea. : He i
thero.'now and .writes, .under date of June
EVIDENCE OF COMMOTION.
under. the enormous pressure of the lava
surging. behind It. All around-.Halemau
mau there are signs of fire. ¦¦¦ < •
our side we would hurriedly approach the
edge of the pit and look down Into it.
There is most certainly flre In the pl.t.
Far down in a spot almost in the exact
center of it we plainly saw a lake "of
burning Incandescent lava. We also
thought that we detected^fire at another
spot, but on account of the smoke we
could. not tell for a certainty.
"As soon as the smoke was wafted
toward us again we had to retire from
the edge of the pit, but we watched our
chance and had several good looks Into
its depths.' We did not so much see the
burning lava, however, as we . heard it.
A sound like the splashing of waves could
continually be heard issuing from the
bottom of the pit, evidently caused by
the bubbling lava splashing against the
side's of the pit. We could also hear
stones and dirt being loosened from the
sides and falling into the lava below. . >
"The sight was at its best at night, when
the fumes ; rising, from the pit , reflected
the glow* from -the molten' lava below. In
the early morning also this glow in the
smoke was plainly visible." -
Manager.'Waldron of the Volcano House
Is satisfied that the present eruption will
continue . for -some time and will grow fn
extent. Changes i In the condition of tho
volcano are taking place every day. Alec
Lancaster, the guide, has made. a trail to
within 20CT feet of., the brink of the pit
• for the benefit of visitors, while the more
' venturesome rgo to its extreme edge!
: More than- one hundred people had been
to- see the 'volcano within ; a week.' G. R.
Gray 'o£- Honolulu -.- went into the crater
several times and says ;the glare from the
\ fires was exceedingly' bright and that
there was V swash of the fire against -the
pit's sides /like ..water dashing : along the
beach. Judging i from -the sounds of. fall-'
. ing stones, and rocks, '.Mr.: Gray, believes
the sides of the crater are falling away
"We spent a great part of the night we
were at the Volcano House, near the cra
ter's edge, watching the wonderful
scenes which the pit presented. Over it
rose a huge column of smoke which, .when
the air was still, must have reached an
elevation of over 1000 feet. The smoke
was both white and, what is rarer, bla<;k.
It was very sulphurous, the smell being so
strong that a whiff of It was almost over
powering.
"We stayed very near the edge of tho
pit and waited for a chance to- peer into
it_ Whenever a wind from a ; favorable
direction wafted away the smoke from
AT THE CRATER'S EDGE.
~TT y ONOLULU, June 17.— News
gj H t% from the site of 'the vol-
B H canic activity on the island
Jf Jf of Hawaii, received on
"^ June 13, shows that- Pele
is still on deck . in just
about the same degree of activity as was
reported a week ago. This will be a much
more satisfactory condition for tourisra
and visitors than if the volcano developed
excessive activity, which would prevent
people from approaching the'erater. From
Sunday, June 8, to Thursday, June 12,
when the steamer Mauna Loa left Hawaii,
people on that Island had not been able
to see the sun because of dense smoke
from the volcano which had settled o\"3r*
the island, owing to the entire absence of
wind from any quarter. Through this
smoke the fire from the volcano can be
seen at intervals. There are Indications
that the present eruption will steadily in
crease, Kilauea working up to an active
boiling point with more violen.t activity.
Tourists who have visited the volcano
and returned here from Hilo/lnclude Pro
fessor V. S. Kellogg and Professor R.
C. Allerdyce, both of Stanford Univer
sity, C. S. Plump, Miss P. B. Plump and
Mr. Phelps, who are also Calif ornlans.
They are all enthusiastic over the tilpj
Professor Kellogg, who is connected wich
the natural history department at Stan
ford, says:
That any public offense committed l>y_
the publication of the article of May 24
is triable in the city and county of San
Francisco.
Wherefore your Informant demands that
such action, steps and proceedings be
had and taken by your Honor as are
provided for by the laws of the State of
California for the Investigation of the
aforesaid i matter and publication and of
any and ali public offenses committed.
TRIABLE IN THIS CITY.
That by article I, section 9 of the con
stitution of the State of California it U
provided that "indictments found or in
formation laid. for publications in. news
papers shall be tried in the city where
such newspapers have their publication
office or in the county where the party
alleged to be libeled resided at the tlmo
of the alleged publication unless the placa
of trial shall be changed for good cause."
That the publication office of The Call
Is Ih the city and county of San Fran*
Cisco.
That Henry. T. Gage Is now and wa3
at the time of said publication and ha3
been continuously for more than one year
last past Governor of the State of Cali
fornia.
That Henry T. Gage Is now and has
been for more than one year last past a
resident of the city of Sacramento.
PLACE OF TRIAL FIXED.
The complaint recites that John D.
Spreckels la the proprietor and W. S.
Leake the manager of The Call; that on
Saturday, May 24, the said John D.
Spreckels and W. S. Leake did publish
an article and pictures and portraits in
The Call (which was attached to the com
plaint); that on June 14 Henry T. Gags
did appear before Henry C. Downing, a
Justice of the Peace of Wilmington
Township, county of Los Angeles, Stata
of California, and make complaint an 1
depose under oath that the said publi
cation was libelous and. a public often?}
and charged the said John D. Sprecke!*
and W. S. Leake with having committed
libel by said publication.
(A copy of the complaint" sworn to be
fore Justice Downing here follows.)
That -the said Henry T. Gage asked for
a warrant for the arrest of the said John
D. Spreckels and W. S. Leake.
TEXT OF THE COMPLAINT.
GN Information lodged by Louis
P. Boardman, John D. Spreck
els, proprietor, and W. s,
Leake, manager of The Call,"
were arrestefl yesterday after
noon for libeling Henry T.
Gage. The . warrants were Issued In tho
Police Court and served . on the defend
ants by J. Dougherty. Bail in the sum,
of $500 was given by each of the defend
ants. William R. Wheeler and Samuel
Sussman are the sureties on the bond
given by Mr. Spreckels. E. L. Wagner
and A. H. Vail are the bondsmen for Mr.
Leake. J. C. Campbell, counsel for the
defendants, asked for an Immediate ex
amination and * Police Judge Fritz fixed
10 a. m. to-day as the time for the pre
liminary hearing. »
The Board of Supervisors by a unani
mous vote decided yesterday to override
llayor Schmitz's veto of thirty-two spe
cific items in the next tax budget where
by he proposed to save the sum of $134.
709 to be devoted to public improvements.
In taking this action the board allows
the budget as originally adopted to be
come a law, and thus renders the Mayor's
pruning efforts of no effect.
As a result of the board's action the
Health Department will continue the em
ployment of a large number of subordi
nates and the Police Department will be
furnished with several extra men which
the Mayor's veto dispensed with. Agaii^,
the Board of Public Works will revel in
the employment of many underlings who
had been officially decapitated by the
flavor's veto and a number of salaries
will be increased as originally proposed.
In refusing to accept the Mayor's veto
of the various items of the budget which
he thought unnecessary the Board of Su
pervisors intended no disrespect to the
chief magistrate, some of the members
say, but they felt that they had been
treated shabbily in having some of their
ewi pet appropriations lopped off. Each
Supervisor had some grievance on that
ex-oj-c,^ some friend who would lose his
potion 6hou;"d the Mayor's veto »tairj.
Even the members of his own party-
Lou ghery. Lynch. McClellan and Wynn—
were in that quandary and voted against
their chief.
The statement made by Dr. Williamson,
president of the Health Board, that the
I.Iayor's veto had in the main affected
only civil service employes had some
weight. Again, the Supervisors believed,
eo some of them Fay, that as the Mayor
had sat with them during their delibera
tions as a committee of the whole to con-
Eider the budget he was well aware of
what was being done and his objections
should have been noted then. Once when
sn increased appropriation was with
cLrawn after the Mayor intimated that
he would strike it out the inference was
crawn that the Items already adopted
were acceptable to his Honor.
KAYOS FEELS REBUKE.
That the Mayor felt the rebuff keenly
was plain to be seen. He had expected
that a vote would be taken on each item
end not on the budget as a whole. He
had fond hopes that the board would find
it impossible to muster the necessary fif
teen votes to override his veto and was
visibly disappointed when the odds proved
overwhelmingly against him.
Before a vote was taken on the Mayor's
veto permission was granted to the heads
cf various departments affected thereby
to be heard regarding the effect of abol
ishing positions under their supervision.
Assessor Dodge made a plea that the
Items of 5G000 for additional clerks, $500
for stationery and $2500 for maps for his
effice be restored to the budget.
Dr. Williamson, president of the Health
Board, read a statement In which he said
that with two exceptions the positions
abolished by the Mayor's veto were unier
civil service. Williamson held that if, as
the Mayor had implied, the men were in
competent, their incompetency should
have been reported to the Civil Service
Commission. Referring to the Mayor's
recommendation that the Health Officer
devote the hours between 8:30 and 5 p. m.
to his official work, Williamson said that
official's duties could not be circumscribed
by the limitations of official hours, as the
health officer was often required, to do
city work at night. .'- ¦ •' '} . ;
PLEA FOB. INSPECTORS.
Williamson protested against the reduc
tion in the force of food, market* and
plumbing inspectors and quoted figures to
Ehow the large amount of work done by
them. He said that if the Mayor's cut :
cf £3500 for the City and County Hospital
prevailed, many articles sorely needed in
the institution would have to be dispensed
with.
Chief bf Police Wittman pleaded for the
restoration of the items vetoed by the
Xlayor, saying that the peace of the city
would suffer unless a sufficient appropria
tion was made.
Curtis wanted to hear from the City
Engineer, but Boxton objected to hearing
any more arguments from interested par
ties. He said the board had fully consid
ered the budget and had already heard all
department heads. Boxton said that he
would stand by his action in voting for the
criginal budget
Boxton withdrew his objection arid As
sistant City Engineer Mooser said that
much engineering work would have to be
cbandoned if the Mayor's cut was adopted.
JUSTIFIES BOARD'S ACTION.
Just before the veto was put to a vole,
Continued on Page Two*
ON information lodged
by Louis P. Board
man, the proprietor
and the manager of The
Call probably will be tried
immediately in San Fran
cisco for the alleged libeling
of Governor Gage. John D.
Spreckels and W. S. Leakc
were arrested yesterday
afternoon on the charge of
libeling Governor Gage, and
gave bail for s their appear
ance in court this forenoon.
While the newspaper men
are ready to meet the issue
without delay, the Governor
• is hovering around Wil
mington Township seeking
the enchantment which dis
tance from San Quentin
lends to his reputation. The
Governor having lost pres
tige cs a statesman is now
in danger of losing caste as
I2 a criminal lawyer. .
Appropriations Stand
as Originally
Made.
Board Is Unanimous
in Voting Against
Schmitz.
Supervisors Refuse to
Sanction Mayor's
Action.
REJECT
VETO OF
BUDGET
The San Francisco Call.Young Men's Institute Preparing. to Commemorate the Win
ning of Independence by the United States With Day of
Races,Games and Music Amid the Santa Cruz Mountains
PARIS, June 23. —
The Rappel to-day
publishes a Berlin
story to the effect that a
shot was fired at Emperor
William of Germany while
on the train to Dusseldorf.
The bullet pierced one of
the coaches, but did no
further damage. The police
have no clew.
ASSASSIN
FIRES ON THE
EMPEROR
THE members of the Young Men's
Institute- and their many friends
w.ll hold their Fourth of July cele
bration - this year beneath the
; shady trees and on the bank of
the murmuring stream that flows through
the picturesque Sunset Park in the Santa;
Cruz Mountains. For a number of years
it has been the , custom of the Institute
to commemorate- the gaining of indepen
dence by this nation by an excursion and
picnic. All, tho members are working dili
gently to. make" tha : coming celebration
more successful than any that . has yet
been held. There will "be games and races,
and prizes of value have been
secured for the winners. The best music
that can be. hired in the city haa been se
cured for the. occasion. . ¦? ¦
The members of the.Institute are espe
cially anxious that the picnic shall be a
marked success,. as the proceeds are to be
devoted to the improvement of the In
. stttute reading .rooms and headquarters.
Boats will leave this 'city Via the narrow
gauge ferry at 9 o'clock a. m., and the
return will be/made, ;&t a seasonable- hour.
The long Tide? through': the .Trult^aring
country which one>has to take In. order to
reach Sunset Pajk . is ¦ sufnctenif-; in. itself
to induce a large number, of, ?p<?o>le ;fo ata
tend '¦-"¦ ¦«••- <,'.*- ¦ c'"*^** -"t*-?t ¦>>;.
The officers and members,' o? -the .boa'ra
of managers who have charge; of {th£ '.ar-. ;
rangements areas follows: ; , ; •¦.•.;->. .;
Robert Tobin. president: John 1 A; Dunleavy..
vice president; E. B. Thomas, treasurer; John
F Comyns financial secretary; A. J. Sullivan;
recording secretary; P. J^ Hagarv M. J: ¦• Con*
nerton G. A. Sullivan, Dennis Barry, C.^de
Andreas, M. T. Reilly, D. K Hayden, F. J..
DrlBColl, W. A.Breslln, A. J. Donovan, Luke
Carroll ¦William O. Patch, W, Chester Keogh/
Thomas F. Ryan. J. H. Plnkham, Edward
O'Donnelt, John J. Doyle, M. T. Cresalla,
Eugene G. Fitzgerald, T. J. Kenney and J. M.
Campodonico.
Eeach of the local councils will appoint
two additional representatives to serve on
the reception and floor committees.
MEMBERS OF. COMMITTEE OF AR
. RANGEMENTS FOR Y. M. I. CEL
EBRATION ON THE FOURTH.
Continued From Page One.
GAGE LIBEL PROCEEDINGS.
Continued From Page One.
REJECT VETO OF BUDGET.
LONDON. June 23.— It is coronation,
nothing but coronation in London to-day.
From the highest to the lowest, from the
uignified Peer who walked to his club
jostled, elbowed, shoved by an eager,
pushing crowd of sight-seers, to " 'Appy
'Arry" from the East End, who did mos;
cf the shovir.g and uttered the most pic
turesque ejaculations, all talked of the
coronation and the arrival of the. King.
His Majesty arrived from Windsor ac
cording to arrangements and drove in
semi-fctate to Buckingham Palace. ¦ He
wiij loudly cheered by the great crowds
which lined the streets.
Notwithstanding the optimistic reports
to the effect that - the physicians were
satisfied with the condition of the King's
health, it was noticed that his Majesty,
when he stepped from the train and walk
ed to his carriage, leaned rather heavily
ou his cane and moved as though he
suffered pain in the small of " his bacK.
Many of those who saw him were struck
by his tired expression and pale com
plexion. - : ,;:.
One of the most interesting events of
to-day was the rehearsal of the cprona
tion ceremony In Westminster Abbey. The
"robing hall," as the new temporary erec
tion is called, was simply crowded. AH
round were drawn up men belonging to
the King's company of Grenadier Guards.
At one end Lord Edmund Talbot was sur
rounded by all his gold staff of officers.
Altogether nearly I2u were sent off under
different commanders to various places
they are to take on the great day, when
they, will act as "pew openers," as they
are facetiously called.
TWO GREAT PROCESSIONS.
\\ hen all the gold staff officers were in
tbeir places the Duke of Norfolk and va
rious heralds marshaled the two great
processions of the King and the Queen.
The King's organist was presiding at the
organ and all the boys of Westminster, In
scarlet cossacks. were stationed in their
l^roper places ready to rehearse their
shouts of acclamation. Although the pro
cessions were extremely dignified, it was
rather amusing to see the many great
people concerned wearing make-believe
trains,
While the procession was forming the
four Duchesses had rehearsals of carrying
the golden canopy. The Duchess of Port
land was wearing black lace over whit"
silk. With her walked the young Duchess
of Marlborough, who was in gray and had
entered the Abbey with her sons, little
Lord Blandford and Lord Ivor Spencer
Churchill.
Lady Mary Howard, sister of the Duke
of Norfolk,, represented Queen Alexandra
on this occasion. She wore a long made
up train of the regulation length of twen
ty feet, which was carried by eight pages
Then came the supposed King's proces
sion. Sir Spencer Ponsonby Fane repre
sented his Majesty with a long brown
cloth train, and nearly all those who are
to be in the King's procession were pres
ent.
Among them was the Duke of Devon
shire, wearing his robes and coronet-
Duke of Somerset; TTukeoT Gfaftbn «who
yore his coronet with long, linen robe;
Lord Lucan; Lord Londonderry, carrying
the sword of state: Duke of Norfolk-
L'ord Shrewsbury, who only carried his
coronet and did not wear his robes; Lord
Grey de ftuthven. carrying • his coronet
and an imaginary gold spur and Valking
with Lord Louden, who carried the other
spur, and the Duke of Abercorn wear
ing his robes and coronet. All were at
tended by their pages.
While the procession was very interest
ing, it sadly needed the supervision of a
good stage manager, for nobody seemed
quite to know what to do.
"The act of recognition" was the first
to be rehearsed. Sir Spencer Ponsonby
Fane, preceded by the Archbishop of Can
terbury and the Lord Chancellor, were
conducted to the four sides of the
'•theater," and the Archbishop said
"Sirs, we present unto you King Ed
ward, undoubted King of this realm
Wherefore all you who are come this day
to do your homage, are you willing to do
the game?" Whereupon everybody shout
ed out at the instigation of the Duke of
Special Dispatch to The Call.
His Majesty Has a Tired
Expression and Pale
Complexion.^ -/ r
'I m
Behearsal of the Coronation Cere
mony and Grand Dinner at Buck
ingham Palace to Repre--: .:
sentatives of Monarchies.
King Edward Appears
to Be Suffering
Great Pain. <•
ROYAL COURT
RETURNS TO
THE CAPITAL
2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902. -
Continued From Page One.
PROFESSORS PEEP INTO THE PIT
judicial Jnquiry lathe southland if he de
sire" a .hearing, far^'away from the rec
ords, anid the witnesses, but let him be
mindful of-- the' fact -that . the people de
mand, the. 'truth concerning the scandals
at Sah iQudntin,
. The .people have a right to know how
much furniture was manufactured by
convicts, - where \ .the .. articles went, to
whom they/were consigned and by whom
they were ; shipped. The people want to
know all about the methods used in foist
ing 'bogus bills- on the Board of Exam
iners and drawing money out of the pub
lic treasury to pay for goods that were
never used In the prison.
. " : . - — '. . . . m .
GAGE AND JUSTICE DOWNING.
Governor Takes Another Flight to
San Pedro to Gain Time.
SAN PEDRO, Cal., June 23.— Another
move was made here to-day by Governor
Henry T. Gage in his libel suit against
John D. Spreckels and W. S. Leake. The
Governor, accompanied by Attorney
Johnson Jones of the District Attorney's
office, came down from- Los Angeles this
morning and appeared before Justice
Henry C. Downing of Wilmington Town
ship, about 11 o'clock. An oral application
was made to Justice Downing to make
an order requiring the appearance of
Messrs. Spreckels and Leake before him
on some certain day for their arraignment
and examination^ .- ¦"
It Is evidently the intention of Gage
and the District Attorney's office not to
wait for a decision from Judge Fritz In
San' Francisco, but to proceed without
regard to the case so far as Fritz's court
is concerned. Justice Downing was seen
i.M regard to the 1 matter., and when asked
as to the status of the application said
that he had the matter under advisement
r.nd that the District Attorney would be
in San Pedro to-morrow at 11:30 a. m., at
which, time he would -give his decision
so far as the application made to-day
was concerned. Continuing* he said:
• "There is no question that the ap
plication will be granted to-morrow. It
is simply a matter of legal form. I will
order the defendants to appear for ar
raignment and examination." -
Justice Downing, when asked what date
he would- set for the arraignment and
ffXtmination, replied that he perhaps
would -order the appearance of Messrs.
Spreckels and Leake for next Monday,
June 30. Upon making a decision to-mor
row, the order will be placed In the hands
of Sheriff William Hammell of Los An
geles County, who will then proceed to
San Francisco.
His Clothes Are Nearly Burned Off
and tho Flesh Is Badly
Charred.
COLUMBIA. Mo., June 22.— The dead
body of Archibald Buckner, with the
clothes nearly burned off and the flesh
charred, has been found in the woods near
Rock Bridge. Evidence brought out at
the Coroner's Inquest shows that Buckner
was seen alive in company with David
Grant, drinking at the house of William
Moore. Grant left the house first, Buck
ner following.. Shortly afterward three
shots were heard. Grant returned to tho
house and asked for matches, saying he
had shot Buckner, but making no ex
planation. Search for the body was not
made until the next day. when the body
was found badly burned. Grant has dis
appeared.
- ¦ « ¦
Seventy-Two Dollars and Forty Cent*
To Minneapolis and return. On July first
and second the Santa Fe will sell tickets
at this low rate, account the annual meet
ing of the National Educational Associa
tion. Return limit August 31. 1902. Special
side ride rates to the Grand Canyon will
be granted to holders of these tickets
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent, 641 Market sc, for folder and full
particulars. . » •
BODY OF MURDERED MAN
IS FOUND IN THE WOODS
ventlon: sometimes Ignored, as In Mr. Cleve
land's speech, but whether denounced or Ig
nored, the secret and silent power that cannot
compel submission to the demands of tho
financiers and to the demands of • ¦' tire
trust magnate* can compel submission to the
demands of the exploiters and the representa
tives of militarism. • -^™_-~
' The flght . is .on Between a. Democracy that
meana Democracy and a Clevelandism that
means plutocracy. Every speech made by Mr.
Cleveland shows more clearly the odlousneas
of the policies 't or which he stands. We havu
more to fear from those who, like Mr. Hill.
Indorse Mr. Cleveland, but conceal their real
purpose in ambiguous language. •
Man of 70 Years, Wounded and
Without Food, Displays Re- .
i. markable Endurance.
PENDLETQN; Or., June 23.—Through
out eighteen days and nights of torture,
with his head crushed by a fall, Joseph
Reyburn crawled, about helpless In the
wild stock country southwest of here.
Reyburn Is 70 years old, yet so wonderful
Is his endurance that he will recover.^Hls
is one of the most remarkable cases Of
hardihood ever recorded.
Reyburn . started to James Baxter's
ranch, fifteen miles from Shanlko, on
horseback. When half way there his sad
dle cinch broke, throwing him. His head
struck a rock. For forty-eight hours he
lay , unconscious; then, impelled by thirst,
he slowly dragged himself to Brush Can
yon, a half-mile distant, for water.
. For sixteen days the unfortunate cattle
man crawled, digging up roots and herbs
with his hands. These were his only food.
Eighteen days after .V his injury a Crook
County . .cattleman^ * :Ewen McLennan,
found him one v ,mile from Brush Canyon,
a mere buiidle, Q.f/skin a/id bories. : Expos
ure toi. the chilly Oregon nights and lack
of nburfshme n f had killed him.
CBAWXS 'OVER GROUND
FOR EIGHTEEN DAYS
If we are to have reorganization, Cleveland
himself should 'accept the Presidential nomina
tion. It would be due him; his reinstatement
would be poetic justice to him and retribution
to those whose Democratic conscience revolted
against his undemocratic conduct. Of courss,
he would get no Democratic votes, but, being
cioser to plutocracy than any Republican likely
to .be nominated, he might divide the enemy,
and even Democrats would have what little
consolation would come from receiving thejr
disappointment In advance.
Mr. Cleveland's speech should be read In full
It answers a useful purpose. It outlines the
plan of campaign decided upon by the pluto
cratic elements for which the reorganizes
stand. • Tariff reform is to be made the chief
issue and the men who voted for Mr. McKin
ley, the high priest of protection, are to carry
on a sham battle with their companions of
1896. while the financiers make the dollar re
deemable in gold and fasten upon the country
an asset currency and a branch bank system.
Trusts are to be denounced In sonorous terms,
while the campaign managers mortgage- the
party to the trust magnates In return for cam
paign funds. Sometimes Imperialism will be
denounced, as in Mr. Hopkins' Illinois con-
And now, still gloating over his political
crimes, he invites the party to return to hin>
and apologize for the contempt which it has
expressed for him. Will It? Not until the
principles . of Jefferson are forgotten and the
works of Jackson cease to Inspire.
TO WAGE SHAM BATTLE.
He (Cleveland) secured hi* nomination in
1S02 by a secret bargarn with the financier*;
this committee collected from the corporations
and spent the largest campaign fund the party
ever had; he filled his Cabinet with corporation
agents and placed railroad attorneys on the
United States bench to look after the interests
of their former clients. He turned the Treas
ury over to a "Wall street syndicate, and the"
financial member of ! his official family went
from "Washington to become the private 'at
torney of the man who forces (?) the Treas
ury Department to sell him bonds at- 105. and
then resold them at 117. He tried to, prevent
the adoption of the Income tax j provision,
refused to sign the only tariff reform measure
passed since the war, and while thundernig'
against the trusts in his messages, did even
less than Knox has done to Interfere with their
high'-handed methods.
His administration, instead of being a foun
tain of Democracy sending forth pure and re
freshing streams, became a stagnant pool from
whose waters foul vapors arose — poisonous to
those who lingered near. ,
Having debauched his party, he was offended
by Us effort to reform, and gave comfort to
the enemy. ¦ Virginlus killed his daughter to
save her chastity; Cleveland stabbed his party
to prevent Its return to the paths of virtue.
Eryan says he will print in his paper
Cleveland's speech "to show that the re
organizers don't want harmony but con
trol, and that their control means the
abandonment of the party's position and
a return to the policies and practices of
Cleveland's second administration." He
continues: ¦¦ -¦•-¦¦
DON'T WANT HARMONY.
He not only boasted of hi* course, but put
his brand upon those who sat at meat with
him. Havlr.g asserted that his Democratic
faith Impelled him to leave the party (or re
sulted in his banishment), be described the
banqueters a» sharing that ?&t&
He la not only defiant, but he Insists that
party success can only be secured by an open
and avowed return to his ideas. Harmony id
to be secured not by the supp-esslon of differ
ences, . but by the elimination of those who
differ from him.
He epoke of Ms retirement from political
activity, and salu "perhaps there are thoaa
who would define my position as one of han
i&hment instead of retirement. Against this
J shall not enter a protest, it is sufficient for
me In either case that I have followed on the
matters of difference within our party the
teachings and counsel of the great Democrat
In whose name party peace and harmony are
to-night invoked. No i-onfession of party sin
should, therefore, be expected of me. I have
none to make, nor do I crave political abso
lution."
LINCOLN, Nebr.", June 23.— The absence
of W. J. Bryan from the Democratic har
mony dinner at' New York is pretty well
explained by a statement given out by
Mr. Bryan, to-night, commenting on the
dii:ner. At the outset Bryan says
there is no such thing as Democratic har
mony where former President Cleveland
is concerned. He says: . % > ''
The banquet given on . the evening d June
10 by tfce TUden Club or New York was ad
vtrt'cec! as a "harmony meeting-," but It turn
ed out to ba what wculci. have bten pxpecteU
ff such a gatherlns, an ovation to the chlei
ijuest former I^empctsit Grover CWeUmtf.
There o«n be no such thins as harmony be
tween men like him and those who believe in
Democratic principle*, and he Is frank enough
to say so. He spent no time looking for
"middle ground" upon which to pather to
gether the discordant elements. . He boldly
called upon the members of the party ta
abandon their convictions and accept the con
struction which he places upon Democratic
principles. He evsn taunted the party with
being, a sort of prodigal son and Invited it to
give up Its diet of husks end return to iia
father's house.
Nebraskan Alleges Democratic Stan
dard-Bearer in 1892 Made Se
cret Bargain With Wall
/ Street Financiers.
Unpleasant Charges Against
Ex-Leader' Who Pleads
for Harmony.
. -
"NEW YORK, June 23.-After the-live
liest kind of a chase through the streets
of Harlem, followed by more than a hun-
dre.d bicyclists all tooting horns and ring
ing bells, ": an j automobile In which was I
-Mrs. Arabella D. Huntlngton, widow of
the millionaire railroad man, and two oth
er women was^ captured to-night.
The offending chauffeur was forced to
drive ,the vehicle., to police i station,
and "despite the protests of Mrs. Hunt
ington arid her friends, he was held, and
that he might get hk* liberty by furnishing
bail, ! Mrs. Huntington gave her mansion I
at. 2 East Fifty-second street'as security. I
Mrs. Huntington and her friends left her
home after" dinner -to-night to speed to ¦
her country home at Throggs Neck. The
automobile has seats for half a dozan :
people inclosed in windows of gla,ss like
"a stage, j On the seat: was the .chauffeur, |
Francis de.Hasney, a Frenchman whom
Mrs. - Huntington brought from France
with her- a short time a&o. : ¦' .
V Straight up Fifth avenue the automobile
went, and as it passed One Hundred and
Eighteenth street Bicycle Policeman Han- j
ley saw it was going about eighteen mlle3 •
per hour. "He blew his' whistle as a sig- I
nal for it to stop, but the chauffeur paid ,
no attention' and whizzed past. j
Jumping on his bicycle, the policeman
• gave chase. After a lively race the chauf- •
feur was captured and the entire party j
taken to the station house, Mrs. Hunting- .
ton and her two . companions alighted i
and appeared before the police sergeant. I
Mrs. Huntington protested vigorously!
against the arrest. After signing a ball j
bond the party the automobllw
and hurried away,' followed by a crowd of
bicyclists, who shouted their approbation
of the policeman's, act.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Railroad Magnate's Widow
and Friends Taken toj
VJl_ the Lockup.
Denounces the Doctrine
and Acts of Former
President.
Mrs. Huntington's Auto
mobile Is Overhauled
by a Policeman.
BRYAN CALLS
CLEVELANDISM
"PLUTOCRACY"
SWIFT CHAUFFEUR
CAUSES TROUBLE
Norfolk, "God save King Edward."
King Edward and t Queen Alexandra
gave a grand dinner party to-night .at
Buckingham Palace to seventy royal per
sonages who practically represented' the
sovereigns of all the monarchies of the
world. -
The list of their Majesties' guests was
headed by the Czarewitch of Russia, who
arrived in London this evening, and in
cluded an imposing array of Princes and
Princesses and all the ¦ members of the
British royal family- >¦¦/;:
. Buckingham Palace r : was beautifully
decorated and the bands of the Grenadier
and the Coldstream Guards , discoursed
throughout the evening. The-dinner was
followed by a "brilliant reception, which
was attended by the members of the
suites of all -the foreign potentates now
in London. ... - ... ,
j Joseph Chamberlain, the Colonial Sec
retary, and Mrs. Chamberlain t received
the Colonial Premiers -and other distin
guished visitors from Great Britain's col
onies at their .London residence to-night.
I. None of the special envoys who ar
rived her$ to-day, though they included
Princes of the greatest European dynas
ties, aroused as much interest as did Ras
Makonnen. the AbysSlnJan general and
special representative- of / King- Menelik.
In picturesque and barbarian splendor the
Ethiopian commander. and bis suite paled
even the brilliancy of the Oriental Princes
whom London has become accustomed to
during the past week. Makonnen, who has
black curly hair and a beard, wore a cloak
of white silk, pantaloons, a shoulder capo
of heavy white satin bordered with gold
and a broad brimmed green felt hat'.
Thrpe native chiefs who accompanied him
were scarcely less gorgeous in their ap
pareL while an African priest, carrying a
heavy silver, crozier, was the general's
constant companion. Ras Makonnen's na
tive followers carried guns and spears.
Among the other arrivals to-day were
Prince Henry of Prussia, the Archduke
Francis Ferdinand, heir presumptive to i
the throne of Austria; tho Prince of th'n
ABturias, Crown Prince Gustaf of
Sweden and Norway, Admiral Gerv&ia,
head of the French Mission, and Mgif.
Merry del Val, the papal envoy.
RECEIVED BY THE PRINCE. ;
The Prince of Wales had a busy day in
receiving the royal guests related to his
family who arrived in London. He paid
thiee separate visits to the Victoria Sta
tion for this purpose, where a special re
ception room, gay with palms and flow
ers, had been arranged. The last guest
to be received by the Prince was the
Czarewitch of Russia, who had arrived oh
one of the Russial imperial yachts and
land 1 *! at Gravesend. . :
The enormous and daily growing crowds
and the babel of foreign tongues in Lori
don may, perhaps, be considered, so far
the most striking feature of. the corona
tion festivities. Early morning sees crowds
of cyclists, mostly women, wheeling along
the routes of the procession to view the
decorations. *
Later in the day there an end'
less stream of vehicles of every conceiVa
ble description, from the aristocratic
equipages of the wealthy to humble cos*
termonger or market carts containing
entire families seated on chairs and stoo'T.
Brakes crowded with tourists of every
nationality are driven over the* routes
there is fighting for the outside seats on
omnibuses and on the sidewalks are dens«
masses of slowly moving pedestrians. \
The Commissioner of Police has issued
an explanatory notice saying that the
barriers which have been erected along
the routes will not necessarily be cloFed
during the processions, but from present
appearances such a course will be abso
lutely imperative to prevent serious acci
dents. . •
SAN JOSE, June 23.— H. J. Martin, sec
retary of Police and Fire Commission,
took Henry E. Miller, who recently pre
ferred charges of corruption against the
commission, to task to-night for having
made the charges. The secretary accused
Miller of having lied about the Police and
Fire Board. Aiiller said h$ did not con
gider Martin a gentleman. Martin then
struck Miller on the face a number of
times, bruising his eye and cheek.
Friends of Martin took him away as he
was about to renew the attack. Miller
tays he will have Martin arrested to-mor
row. Martin is the son of Mayor Martin.
Politician Pummels Miller.
Elmira Railroad Telegrapher Sees
His Property Destroyed as He )
Is Taking Dispatches. . i
VACAVILLE, June 23.— A $5009 fire in
Elmira to-night burned the boarding
house of S. Cripps, the residence of Jury
Uorgers and several barns and sheds.
A strong wind fanned the flame*, and
for two hours the entire ¦:. population
fought for its. homes. The night operator
at the railway station remained at his
desk and saw the flames destroy every
bit of property he owned, while he re
ceived train dispatches. Had he left his
key a wreck might have resulted from
the non-receipt of orders.
REMAINS AT HIS KEY
WHILE DWELLING BURNS
Lord Kitchener ' and General French
sailed for England to-day on the Pacific
Navigation Company's steamer Orotaya.
THE HAGUE, June 23.— C. H. Wessels
and P. G. W. Groebler, who have been on
the Continent for some time past in the
interest of the Boers, have started for
England, with the view, . it is said, of
taking the steps necessary to permit of
their return to South Africa. .
Subsequently, at a luncheon, in accept
ing the presentation of a sword of honor,
Lord Kitchener took the responsibility of
having enforced martial law in Cape
Colony. He declared it had prevented a
general rebellion by stopping the dissemi
nation of news. Now he asked for the
suppression of all racial feelings and all
leagues and bonds. Britain and Boer had
a good fight and were now shaking hands.
Lord Kitchener also said his hearers
could be sure that the rebels would not
be dealt with vindictively.
CAPE TOWN. June 23.— Lord Kitchener
received a great public ovation on his ar
rival here this morning. " The town was
decorated, the streets were lined with
troops and the Mayor and corporation
welcomed the. British commander at the
Town Hall and presented him with an ad
dress. During his Teply, Lord Kitchener,
referring to the country of his nativity,
paid a special tribute to the services of
the Irish troops during the war in South
Africa.
Sword of Honor Is Presented
to Him Just Prior to
His Departure.
British Commander Bids
Farewell to People
of Cape Town.
LORD KITCHENER
SAILS FOR HOME
Piles Cured Without the Knife
. Itching, Blind. Bleeding or Protruding pn»«
If o cure. No Pay. All druggists are authorlxed
by manufacturers of Paio Ointment to refund
money where It falls to cure, any case of piles
no matter of how long standing. Cures ordinary
cased In six days: worst cases in fourteen day/
On? application gives, ease and rest. Relieves
itching Instantly. This is a new discovery and
la the only pile remedy, sold on positive guar
antee, no cure, no pay. A free sample wiliba
sent by mail to any one sending name and ad
dress. - Price, 50c. If your druggist. don't keen
it in stock send 60c in stamps and we. will for
ward full size box by mall... Manufactured bv
PARIS MEDICINE CO., St. Louis, Mo., who
also : manufacture the. celebrated cold cure
Laxative Bromo-Quinlne Tableta. *
visible only intermittently. When it first
appeared it ran down the sides of the
pit in a magnificent cascade some 200 feet
high, forming a lake. This has entirely
disappeared under the falling walls and
debris slopes, and only the molten lava
on the sides of the pit was visible.
"The normal condition of Halemaumau
is 'the' filling of a pit, the building of n
cone over it, the formation of one or more
lakes about" the base of the cone or over
the space previously occupied by the pit
followed' inevitably by the collapse of
the whole structure, forming a new r,u
Since 1866 this has happened four time«
The last ' collapse occurred ~ln 1894, ¦ Thp
filling up process, delayed longer • than
usual,' has now begun, and the - nonhul
production of lakes, blowholes, flows and
falls from the pit walls may be expect*.'
until the pit isjonce more full and over
flowing." ¦¦ '
Supervisor Brand enstein addressed the
Mayor in the, following words:
"Your Honor, on behalf of the Finance
Committee and the Board of Supervisors,
sitting as a committee of the whole, I de
sire to state that we labored hard In an
endeavor to frame a budget which would
do justice to all departments of the city
government. The time was not sufficient
tor you to determine the correctness of
our conclusions In the premises and I do
not think that you have acted judiciously
in cutting out the items which we adopted
after thorough deliberation. With all
deference to you I maintain that the re
commendations of the entire board should
stand and I .trust they will."
After action was taken on the budget
an ordinance was passed to print fixing
the tax levy for the next fiscal year at
$12262 on each $100 of assessed, valuation.
Of this amount $1 is for municipal ex
penditures and the conduct of city govern
ment, .0762 cents for park purposes, 7V&
cents for a new hospital and IVs cents for
new schoolhouses. . /
MAYOR EXPRESSES REGRET.
Last night the Mayor issued the follow
ing statement regarding ther action of. the
Supervisors in overriding his veto mes
sage: • - --":' .-*•',
The action of the Board of Supervisors In
overriding the thirty-two Hems that I vetoed
without giving due or any consideration to each
separate Item is a matter of sincere regret on
my part. My veto message was actuated solely
for the purpose of solving the problem of re
ducing the large salary roll of the various de
partments of the municipal government, and
the determination that I arrived at. was only
afte'r very careful study and investigation ex
tending over the entire period of my Incum
bency. It is a matter of sincere regret that the
Supervisors did not see fit to sustain me in my
veto of the different items of the budget, for I
tried and I believe I have treated every item
with fairness, and certainly did not expect
them to stand with the chronic office-holders.
. One of my pledges to the people before elec
tion was that. I would cut off all ornamental
salaries and have the niqney used therefor de
voted to public Improvements, and that I felt
sure that if I were elected I could save at le/Ist
$100,000 to the citizens of San Francisco by the
curtailing of unnecessary and overpaid em
ployes. Upon a cl«se examination . of the
budget and in listening to the arguments before
thg committee of the whole, I found that I
could do even more than I had promised,
namely, -to reduce the running expenses of the
city $100,000, and would. have succeeded in re
ducing the running expenses of the city gov
ernment $134,700, and with a sincere belief that
I was not impairing the efficiency of. any de
partment, ' and with the proper management
that the affairs of this municipality, could lje
run Just as successfully, and more so. than had
been done In the past two years.
I have carried out my pledge that I made to
the' people before election, and whether the Su
pervisors'in not upholding my action have car
ried out theirs I leave the public to decide.
This defeat In trying to save to the city $134,
700, like the ones I have sustained In the past
In trying to rid the city of Incompetent and
corrupt officials, will not deter me in the least
In further trying to do my duty as I see It, as
a man and as a servant of the. people.
The Supervisors must admit themselves 'that
the very last hours of their deliberation , was
simply a farce, and that the different Items of
the budget were carried over without that
careful deliberation and consideration which
this very Important question warranted. I took
up their work from where they left off, having
fully ten days longer to devote to it than they
had, and again I say in closing /that it is a
matter of extreme "resret on my part, and I
feel. sure on the part of the public at large that
the city should be deprived of the benefit of the
$134,700 that would have been saved to the tax;
payers of San. Francisco by sustaining the dif
ferent items that I vetoed.
- • : E. . E. SCHMITZ, Mayor.
thereby, and that you make such exam
ination and take such depositions as are
provided by law and hold such examine
tion on the said matter that the said John
D. Ssreckels and W. S. Leake may be
brought before your Honor and an ex
amination had as to the facts and allega
tions of said publication and of the
charge of having committed a public of
fense thereby.
.The judicial investigation which Gover
nor Gage seeks to stAve off by skulking
away to San . Pedro will overtake him
sooner than he expects. The information
lodged in the court yesterday will bring
the iss.ue to a speedy trial. Gage can go
ahead and, ostrich-like, stick his head in
every sandy spot south of Tehachapi, but
his dodging tactics and evasivs methods
will be met by insistent demand for a
speedy hearing in the courts.-
The people of California, desire to know
the inside facts concerning the conduct of
affairs at San Quentin prison. . Many cit
izens profess to believe that the prison
management is not so bad as The Call
represented it to be. Governor Gage went
over to the prison, made a secret investi
gation on his own account and gave him
self a clean bill of health.
THREATENS FOB WEEKS.
He occupied three weeks' time In plum
ing himself on his honesty and threaten
ing to punish "his traducers" and then,
when h&» ascertained that public patience
would not tolerate further delay, he flea
to San Pedro and procured warrants' for
the, arrest of John D. Spreckels, proprie
tor, and W. S. Leake, manager of The
Call. Since the issuance of the San Pedro
warrants he has employed counsel in San
Francisco to interpose every possible ob
jection under the law to prevent-a.hear
ing of the case in a court near, the scene
of his administrative activities.
Indications are that the prison directors
and 'Warden Aguirre will be compelled by
immediate process of law to bring the San
Quentin books into court, and bring them
in before ,the Republican State conven
tion meets .and even before.'ths primary
election occurs. The prospects are that
Daniel Kevane, secretary of the State
Board of Examiners, will be compelled to
bring to court the records of his office.
It is to be expected that Governor Gage
and his henchmen will put forward every
obstacle that criminal lawyers can sug
gttst'to prevent production of the proof.
The people, however, j will hail with de
light the prospect of -sa- speedy trial,
wherein proof to sustains all the charges
made by The Call may. be submitted in
open court.* ••....- '.-'.. ,. •; ..,
The public is weary of the Gases. secret
inquiry at San Quentin and the Gage eva
sion : at San Pedro. Citizens are ? qulto
willing that he shall bring, as^many dam
age suits as he pleases- to recover money
from newspaper proprietors,, and bring
them wherever it strikes his fancy to file,
his pleadings. The public is quite willing
that he '¦ shall arrest an editor for . crim-;
Inal Ubel-every day of the'^year, but the
public, nevertheless, demands that the
Governor shall place no; obstacle in. the.
way of a speedy, judicial .investigation!
touching the charges. . of corruption and
thievery at San Quentin. . prison. If the
Governor shall further seek to hinder or
impede a trial of this issue . in ; a court
where the records can. be readily ob
tained and the witnesses can be speedily
brought he will forfeit every. . claim to '
public -respect and sympathy.
ISSTJE UP TO GAGK
The Issue la now squarely up to Gage.
Let him go on with every branch of his
WILL CELEBRATE FOURTH
OF JULY IN SUNSET PARK
"I have suffered for ten years with
what the doctors call neuralgia of tho
liver, and never had any relief from their
medicines or anything else until I began
using Paine's Celery Compound. I hav#
taken about three bottles and have nat
suffered any since I first began to taka
It. I feel that it has saved my life, an-i
hope all who suffer as I have will giva
Paine's Celery Compound a trial."
Paine's Celery Compound is the world's
great leading medicine and life-saver. It
has no equal for feeding exhausted
nerves; it stands first as a builder of the
weak and shattered nervous system.
Paine's Celery Compound has long ago
proved its power as a banisher of dyspep-
sia, rheumatism, neuralgia, kidney dis-
ease, liver complaint and as a purifier of
the blood. Thousands of men and women,
tired out, sleepless, nervous, morose and
despondent, have been given perfect
health, strength an^ buoyancy of spirits
through the well-advised use of Paine's
Celery Compound. It has given a : ew
and happy life to a vast number of peo-
ple who were tired of life and suffering.
If your health is impaired, if you -re
burdened with any weakening or pa.r»ful
malady, use Paine's Celery Compound to-
day; it is specially adapted for your case;
It will make you well and strong. Mrs.
Jennie H. Steele, Vaughns, Ga.. writss
thus:
Life."
Mrs. Jennie H. Steele says:
"I Peel That It Has Saved My
Prescription.
DR. PHELPS'
Wonder-Working Medical
Paine'sCeiery
Compound
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
; i — "-¦¦¦.-¦/:.]¦¦;
ANOTHEB W0NDEB. OF SCIENCE.
Biology Has Proved That Dandruff
Is Caused by a Germ.
Science "is doing wonders' these days m
medicines as well as in mechanics. Since
Adam delved the human " race ' lias r been
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a< suc-
cessful cure until. Ne'wbro's Herpicide
was put on the mafltetl It^a'scientific
preparation that kills ¦ tBe' ' germ * that
makes dandruff or. scurf by digging into
the scalp to get at the root of the hair,
where it saps the vitality, causing itching
scalp, falling, hair and finally baldness.
Without dandruff hair must grow luxu-
riantly. Herpicide, at all druggists. It is
the only destroyer of dandruff.
FAINE'S CELES.Y COMPOUND.
ADVEETISEMENTS.
Summer
Weariness
When yon are exhausted,
and haven't ambition* or
strength to do anything, take j
HorsfonTs Acid Phosphate.
It is a tonic and nerve food \
that will revive and strength- tj
en you in the most gratifying f
manner. No other Summer j
Tonic to compare with •
Hor^fbrd 9^ \
Acid
Phosphatte 1
- Eatffarf'i cue* oa «TM7 CUL13Z ftekip
<>- — — — o
Live in a Trunk?
Tes— 1C you 'have a
Lundbeck Bureau Trunk
Aik any dealer or apply to
J. MARTY, Man'fV.
826 Howard St., S. F.
O. , -O
BAJA CALIFORNIA.
Damiana Bitters
it> A GREAT RESTO'ltATIVE.' XKVTGORA-
tor and Kcrvlae.
.The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both eexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Bells on its own merits.
NABER. ALTS Sc BRUNE, Agents. .
223 Market et., S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
""."¦.-¦"¦. • - -. - •
1 I f\f\ 1£*C • • >
B Lest some ladies do not know /
H that we carry their hats in a va- /
H ried assortment,. we offer particu- ~^^3Bs£xaft
H larly attractive values so as to k. £•" jijsSg
if customer brings two or more /
S others, and the business grows in V J f g^, /^^m^
g . We picture above a ladies' ' L'Z^yy>&zgP<
0 yacht shape hat. IT comes in *j- '-/^ W^^^^ '
¦'smooth and rough braids; some /A 9 ~^^^
1 down from as much as $3.00. The ' y ' *j N
I sale price is 1
I Below we show a crash hat. They come with plain or pug-* 1
H garee bands in white, tan or straw color crash. u
§ TV Also Fedora shaped outing hats, made of unbreakable ma- 1
R terial; bands to match; very swell and serviceable hats. i
I . Either of these bats for 8
I -» Out-of'town order* filled— \\SANTA ANA, June 23.— Fire In the grain
fields • northwest of Fullerton burned several
hundred acres of wheat and barley to-day.
VANCOUVER, B, C, June' 23. — The steamer
City of Seattle arrived here to-day with fo»ty
elght passengers and $130, COO In sold.
Best Investment for a small sum of
money in real estate that has been of
fered to the public in a long time. In
Reno, Nev., we have a few exceptionally
good bargains in town lots. Prices from
ioi each up to $400. Size 50x140. Reno is
growing faster than any town In Cali
fornia. The railroad will in a short time
make it a divisional terminal, bringing in
several thousand new people. You can
not rent a store or house in Reno to-day.
Lots of •houses now building. These lots
are on the principal residence streets and
it is absolutely impossible for you to
make a mistake. Buy one or more for
your children. In less than a year they
cannot . help but double in value. For
further particulars- call onB. D. Cranston
& Sons, 114 Montgomery street. •
A Great Opportunity.
be detailed. '
Of the history of the Toppan case there
is much that the public will never know.
Ir would be impossible to tell the com
plete story of the life of the woman be
cause it would be laughed down as Im
probable and utterly foundatlonless. This
murderess had a passion for setting 1 fires,
as well as a greed for sacrificing human
lives. One instance showing her com
bined manias may be cited. She was em
ployed as a nurse in the family of a well
kiown lawyer of this State, but had no
opportunity to kill off her patients. When
the houee was comparatively deserted one
n?ght she deliberately set fire to one of
the rooms, hoping that the spread of the
flames might accomplish what she did not
dare otherwise attempt — the destruction
of a helpless and powerless woman—with
out suspicion falling upon her. Fortunate
ly the fire was seen in time to save " the
patient. . .
Four of the murders to which she con
fessed have been made public by the
State officials, but the identity of the vic
tims of the other three is merely a matter
of conjecture. Inasmuch as she is sus
pected of fourteen murders, it 19 difficult
to learn to which seven crimes she has
confessed. The persons whom It is known
she has confessed to have killed are Mrs.
Mary D. Gibbons of Cataumet; Mrs. Geh
evieve D. Gordon and Allen P. Davis and
wife, the sister, father and mother of
Mrs. Gibbons. The reason that she gave
for killing her victims is too horrible to
Jane Toppan, prior to her trial, mads
a confession to the State authorities in
which she acknowledged the murder of
seven persons. She is suspected of other
murders.
Miss Toppan was ordered committed to
Taunton Insane Asylum for life. She will
be taken there to-morrow.
"When the defense put its medical ex
perts on the witness stand the conten
tion of moral and mental irresponsibility
of the defendant was maintained.
Dr. Henry R. Stedman of Boston, an
alienist, testified that the prisoner told
him in the presence of other medical ex
perts that she had caused the death of
Mrs. Gibbons by giving her a poisonous
dose of atropine and morphine.
BARNSTABLE, Mass.. June 23.— Miss
Jane Toppan, a nurse, was ,'found "not
guilty by reason of insanity" of the mur
der by poisoning of Mrs. Mary D.
Gibbons of Cataumet on August 12. 1301.
before a special sitting of the Superior
Court here to-day. The time occupied in
the trial was scarcely six hours.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
sane Asylum.
son of Insanity, and She Is
Sent for Life to an In-
Jury Finds Her Not Guilty by Bea-
State Authorities Suspect Her
of Causing Many More
Deaths.
SAN RAFAEL, June 23.— Frank Haynes,
alias Miller, who 'killed Jerry Harris, a
fellow-convict, in San Quentin on March
13, was brought to trial to-day before Su
perior Judge Angellottl. The case of
Miller is a peculiar one, and the pro
ceedings will be exceptional in the history
of California's criminal trials. Miller,
though on trial for his life, is without
counsel, and vehemently protested when
Judge Angellotti sought to appoint an at
torney to represent him.
"When the case was called Judge Angel
lottl asked the defendant if he was ready
to proceed, but received no answer. He
asked a second ami a third time, where
upon Miller replied:
"I object to this trial proceeding."
"Well," said the court, "have you any
legal reasons to offer?"
No answer.
/'Uentlemen, we will proceed with the
case," said the court. "Mr. Miller, have
you an attorney?" •
Judge Angellotfl repeated this question
five times before Miller gave a negative
answer.
"If you desfre it the court will appoint
one," said Judge Angellotti. "In fact, I
did appoint "counsel and am still willing to
appoint any one. you desire."
To this Miller made no reply, whereupon
the court asked Attorney Hawkins to be
present during the trial and see that the
defendant had his legal rights at all
times. At this juncture Miller, half rising
fiom his chair and shaking- his linger at
Judge Angellotti, exclaimed:
"Mr. Hawkins will not dare touch the
case and you shall not allow him to
do so."
A recess of fifteen minutes was taken,
after which the trial proceeded. Judge An
gellotti, addressing the prisoner, said:
"If the defendant at any time desires
counsel this court will appoint one. Also,
if defendant wishes to excuse, any jurors,
he can do so."
The questioning of talesmen was begun
and finished within a half hour, Miller of
fering no objection or displaying any con
cern. A number 'of witnesses were exam
ined, telling the story of the prison
tragedy. The trial will continue^ to
morrow.
Just what defense the convict will offer
is not known. However, he has had sev
eral witnesses subpenaed from Lassen
County, including Judge Spencer.
Special Dispatch to The Can.
trance Causes Peculiar
Situation.
Convict Assassin's Recalci-
Acknowledges That She
Killed* Seven of Her
Patients.
-and conspicuous in gold lettering is the
.convention motto, "Not I, but Christ." On
the stage are potted plants.' In the cen
ter of the ceiling is a magnificent , six
pointed star center piece of netting, gold
fringe and flowers. . .
.. The. pavilion has. been provided with
seats for 1500 persons.
The Congregational Church is also be
ing elaborately decorated with bunting
| and huckleberry around the gallery and
streamers of purple and gold. Flowers
¦ are , to be used entirely for the pulpit
decorations.
' The convention will open to-morrow
evening with a concert by a choir of one
hundred voices, assisted by local talent.
Hasting Orchestra, Miss McMillan of San
Jose, and the. Mandarin Quartet, of San
Jose.
The southern' delegation will arrive on
a special train to-morrow. " More than 200
: persons are to attend from below Tehach
api. •
, The Congregational young people are
making great preparations for the denoni
. inational rally to be held on Friday af
ternoon. Miss Belle Diego is to be in
• charge. The young people are to serve a
banquet after the rally. The following
are In charge of the affair:
\ Mrs. Emma Fitch, chairman; Misses Har
slet Snyder, Helen Byrne, Laura 'Beecher, Leila
.Waterman, Margaret Brown, Gladys Brown,
t Rena Flkes, : Marguerite Morey, Cora Otto, Ha
zel Cope, Stanley Bliss, Mrs. Kate Arano, Mrs.
W. A. Corey, Messrs. Harold McPherson. Clyde
i Llnscott, Maynard Llnscott and Don Byrne.
Faces Trial for Murder
Unrepresented by
Attorney.
BOSTON NURSE
CONFESSES TO
GIVING POISON
MILLER SCORNS
AID OF COUNSEL
ENDEAVORERS' ADVANCE GUARD
IS INSTALLED IN SANTA CRUZ
Convention of the Young Christians Will Open This Evening in
the Seaside City With a Concert in Which a Choir of
One Hundred/Voices Will Be: One of the Pleasing Features
Your First Duty to Yourself
Is to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carry Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals at from 30c to $1 each, always
please the traveling public." JAY W. ADAMS,
P. C. P. A., 37 Crocker building, . San Fran
cisco, Cal.
San Jose's Oldest Native Dead.
SAN JOSE, June 23.— Mrs. Bernardino
Villagrana died to-day, aged 95 years. She
was born in San Jose and was the oldest
living native of the city. She was never
outside the county during her !ong life.
CORNING, June 23.— Corning was vis
ited this evening by a fire which swept
away almost all of the buildings in one
entire block. The blaze started in the
hay loft of Henley & Motz's livery stable.
In three minutes the structure was con
sumed, together with twenty horses, the
fire engine and all the vehicles. A stiff
wind from the west carried the flames
to the large barn belonging to R. A.'Fos
ter & Co., which rapidly burned and
spread the flames to the tankhouse of
Foster & Woodson's real estate office.
This was soon consumed, shutting off
the water supply and leaving the May
wood colony at. the mercy of the ele
ments. For some time it was feared that
the Hotel Maywood, just across the street
irom the Maywood colony office, would
suffer the same fate, but vigorous work
by a bucket brigade saved the structure.
The loss Is estimated at J10.000.
Fire's Sweep in Corning 1 .
The piper who made the discovery Is
Frank Brown, and he was assisted In un
earthing the fossil by Foreman George
Hall and Engineer Bracket. .
As an interesting scientific fact it is to
be noted that in "Lyell's Geology" men
tion Is made of a number of places where
prehistoric remains of this kind have
been discovered, and In all instances the
localities are not far above sea level. This
specimen was found in a place of 5000 feet
altitude.
Mr. Maitland while engaged In business
in London had a great deal to do with
selling ivory, and says that he must have
seen every elephant tusk sold I here In
many years, but he does not remember
having seen a tusk approaching in 3ize
even what remains of this one. The skel
etons of mammoths seen in museums
have tusks about ten feet long and six
inches in thickness. The tusk just found
being much thicker, ¦ ualeologists will de
termine the dimensions of the great beast
roaming the mountains and valleys of
California in prehistoric times to have
been something enormous. .
WEAVERVILLE, June 23.— An im
mense tusk of a pachyderm has been un
covered by men working the monitor of
the Trinity Gold Placer Mining Syndicate
of, London at its mines on Coffee Creek.
Superintendent . William Maitland says
the man who had charge of the, monitor,
called the piper, had gone forward to,ex
amine his bank and noticed a curious ob
ject protruding from the ground. He
supposed it was rock of some unusual
kind and picked up a piece for examina
tion. It was found to be very oily on the
surface and that considerable oil re
mained in the gravel bed. He summoned
assistance and an enormous tusk was un
covered. The point of the tusk was rest
ing on bedrock, the other end sticking up
through the gravel. All that was under
the ground was perfect, but badly de
cayed—so much so that it broke into
pieces "of its own weight when moved.
The recovered portion is six feet In
length and nine inches in diameter at the
thick end. The stream from the monitor
strikes with terrific force and doubtless
destroyed much, of the fossil before its
discovery.
The wireless telegraph system is about
to be reopened between Honolulu and the
islands of Maui and Hawaii, and recent
tests indicate that the system will work
very well.
There will be several years of litigation
before all the suits are settled, as some
fishing rights, held under the old Hawai
ian laws governing such grants and high
ly valued by the holders, are involved in
the suits.
As a result of the provision in the" act
of Congress providing a form of govern
ment for the Territory of Hawaii that
all claimants of fishing rights In the Ter
ritory should file their claims in the form
of suits against the Territory within two
years after the act went Into effect about
80 suits have been filed by parties claim
ing titles to fishing rights in various parts
of the islands. Most of the rights are
based upon old grants of the Hawaiian
monarchy and some of the titles date
back a long time, but they are all in ef
fect and exclude the public from sea
waters. v- ;
HONOLULU, June 17.— Yang Wei Pin.
his Imperial Chinese Majesty's Consul In
Honolulu, is accused by members of the
Bow Wong party of Chinese of having
smuggled opium by taking advantage of
the privileges accorded him as a consular
representative, and his case has been un
der investigation by Collector of Customs
btackabie lor some time past. Charges
.were made against the Consul at Wash
ington by Honolulu members of the Bow-
Wong, or reform society, and Stackable
received orders from the State Depart
ment to look into the matter. It is stated
that he has obtained evidence that the
Consul has been using the privilege of
having his baggage and ''consignments
come in free to smuggle opium into the
country.
Find Remains of a Mon
ster Pachyderm Near
Weaver'ville.
Honolulu Representative
• Is Accused of Smug
gling Opium.
The cousin raced for home as fast as
his horse could carry him and returned
with his father and uncle. The two men
lowered a rope to the boy, who had de
serted the saddle and taken refuge on a
little rock shelf above the plunging
horse. He tied the rope about his waist
ar-d was hauled up in safety, without
even as much as a scratch. The horse
also was hauled up. but was dead when
brought to the surface.
GRASS VALLEY, June 23.— News of
the miraculous escape from death of the
eight-j ear-old son of Rancher Orrin Per
rln reached Grass Valley to-day. Perrin,
in company with a cousin of the same
age, was on horseback looking for stray
ed cattle when he rode into an old min
ing shaft hidden from sight by bushes.
Horse and rider plunged to the bottom of
the shaft, which was partly filled with
water. By a miracle young Perrin re
tained his seat in the saddle or he would
have been dashed to death. His cries
brought his cousin to the edge of the
Fhaft, but he was unable to give assist
ance.
Has a Remarkable Escape
From Death.
HORSE AND BOY. PLUNGE
INTO OLD .MINING SHAFT
Eight- Year-Old Grass Valley Lad
MINERS UNCOVER
IMMENSE TUSK
Case That Puzzles Doctors.
AUBURN. June 23.— J. D. Gill, who was
Injured in a mine near Georgetown a
few days ago, died on Saturday. He fell
down a shaft a distance of fourteen feet
and an iron tamping rod penetrated the
base of his skull, pressing upon the brain.
The doctors say it was phenomenal for a
man to live so long with such a wound.
The decorating of the Armory has been
finished. Over the building is the Chris
tian Endeavor flag and stretched across
the street are banners. Within the struc
ture the ceiling is almost hidden from
view by American flag streamers reach
ing from N the. rafters to the galleries. The
galleries are festooned with purple and
gold bunting to a depth of six feet. Cali
fornia poppies and greens are also used
with charming effect. Around the wall
have been placed evergreens, interspersed
with shields and banners. The stage is
curtained with purple and gold draperies
The delegate badge is a neat affair in
purple and gold— a gold ribbon with pur
ple lettering. On it is a cut of the Santa
Cruz Big: Trees.
CHINESE CONSUL
UNDER A CLOUD
Miss Clara Rodgers, chairman; Misses Lizzie
White. Helen Marcus, Helen Hopkins, Ellen
Cox. Carilla Hoyt, Amelia Kerhlltz. Edna
White, Kate Becker, Harriet Snyder. Lucy Til
lotson, Helen Snyder, Bessie Wood, Ruby
Lewis; Mesdames W_ C. Byrne, Alexander
Beck; Messrs. Clifford Stocking, Clyde Llnscott.
Maynard Ltnscott. W. H. Heard and Harold
McPherson. ¦ •
SANTA CRUZ, June 23.— The dele
gations to the Christian Endeavor
Convention are arriving and prep
arations for the gathering are
about completed. The first outside
delegate to register was Miss Clara
Reeves of Sacramento. The members of
the registration committee are:
"Another object of my visit is to arrange
for several more permanent forest reser
vations. The Southern Pacific already has
a 27,000-acre reserve on the Mohawk River,
and it is my purpose now to arrange for a
.leservation of 1(6,000 acres on the Siuslaw
River, and perhaps one or two smaller
ones. This timber will not be touched for
a great many years to come."
"One of my special objects is to arrange
for a more effective patrol of our timber
lands," said Mr. Mills. "It is my purpose
to establish a continuous patrol along the
forest lands of the company. I shall di
vide the timber lands of the Southern Pa
cific into districts and provide a superin
tendent for each district. There were ten
districts last year. This year the number
will be doubled.
PORTLAND, Ore., June 23.— W. H. Mills
of San Francisco, head of the land de
partment of the Southern Pacific, is here
to supplement the' efforts of the Federal
and State authorities in protecting the for
ests of Oregon against fires. The South
ern Pacific owns about 1,100,000 acres of
timber lands in Oregon and it is the inten
tion of the company to establish a thor
ough patrol of the timber belt during the
summer.
cautions to Guard Against
Forest Fires.
Company Will Take Extensive Pre-
PATROLS TOR SOUTHERN
PACIFIC TIMBER BELT
BAKER CITY, Or., June 23.— A party of
fishermen returning from Rock' Creek to
day reported what might have been a
frightful disaster at Lake Kalamacus on
Friday .night. An irrigation company has
been engaged in boring a tunnel under
the bottom of the lake, a distance of
about 250 feet, so that the water could be
used during the dry months. The tunnel
was so planned that it would strike a
point about sixty feet below the bottom
of the lake. An uprise was started from
the end of the tunnel to tap the lake bot
tom, supposed to be sixty feet above.
Friday evening the workmen put in a
shot in the solid rock in the uprise.' With
a mighty roar the water of the lake broke
through into the tunnel, and just a mo
ment after the men gained, a place of
safety a stream of water six feet square
was spouting several hundred feet down
the canyon. Rock Creek at once became
a roaring torrent. Fortunately, there
were a lot of trees -in the lake, which
were uprooted- by the rushing water and
carried into the tunnel, thus stopping to
some extent the outflow. Had it not been
for this hindrance a mill and store build-
Ing on the creek below would have been
washed away and several farm, buildings
destroyed.
The lake is now empty and is useless as
a reservoir fo rthis season.
That Soon Drains Natural
Reservoir.
Barely Escape Death in a Torrent
TUNNELEIIS UNEXPECTEDLY
PENETRATE LAKE'S BOTTOM
Word came from WaEhoe City that the
reported discoverer of the mine had
brought in a quantity of the rock and
that he had said that plenty more was in
sight. The party that was reported as
the discoverer is a man by the name of
Miles, and he has been In this section for
the past three months hunting over the
liills. especially in the Little Valley
country, where the hidden treasure is
supposed to be located. Others have been
in the search, and not one has ever re
turned with any ore that resembles Bark
ley's.
All sorts of stories as to the richness
of the rock are in the air, and some say
that the Hobarts have managed to get
hold of some samples that Barkley sold,
and that the assays were in the thou
sands of dollars. Some of the rock shown
in this city would do credit to any cabi
net specimens and looks almost too good
to be real.
EICH ORE HT SIGHT.
Two days ago word reached this city
that the Hobart sleuths had uncovered
the ledge. Immediately Barkley mounted
a horse and headed for the hills with a
rifle over his shoulder and a belt of car
tridges strapped around his waist. It is
said that if he discovered the rumor to
be true he will make a. strong 1 fight to
hold a Just share of the property he
opened to the world.
Soon after Barkley left San Francisco
detectives were dispatched to Nevada.
Among them was Thacker of Wells, Far-
Eo & Co. fame. Some of them shadowed
the engineer in the hope that he would
lead them to the treasure, while others
searched every portion of the Hobart
holdings to find whence the ore had be6n
dug. But the ledge had been carefully
covered, and whatever rock had been
taken therefrom had been worked by the
band process.
The Hobart heirs did not submit their
answer for some time. In the meantime
they attempted to locate the mine for
themselves, but, being' unsuccessful, of
fered Barkley 15 per cent of whatever he
might take from the claim. The discov
erer rejected the proposition, and, con
cealing his lind more carefully, sat down
to await developments. Barkley said he
would let the secret die with him rather
than accept such terms.
Barkley tried to keep his secret until he
obtained possession of the ground. He
visited San Francisco and tried to make
a purchase, but found that the news of
his discovery had reached the Hobart
heirs in some mysterious manner and he
¦was obliged to confess the facts, though
concealing the location of his mine from
them. Negotiations were then conducted,
which would permit Barkley to work the
property on a percentage proposition.
HEIRS SXTB2OT PROPOSITIONS
The story is one almost without prece
dent. The mine, which from samples of
ore taken from it rivals in wealth the
properties that made millionaires of some
of the argonauts, was discovered by Bud
Barkley, en engineer on the Virginia and
Truckee Railroad. When Barkley real
ized from the assays the richness of his
claim he searched the records to ascer
tain his title to the land and found it be
longed to the Hobart estate and was
secured by a United States patent. It is
timber land and runs a considerable
distance on the mountain side west of
Carson.
CARSON, New, June 23.— The mystery
of a hidden mine has claimed the atten
tion of the people In the western portion
of the State ever since it became known
three weeks ago that a corps of detec
tives from California had spent nearly a
year in the vicinity searching for it.
Special Disratch to The CalL
Who Uncovered Yellow Metal /
on Land Owned by .
Speed Months ShadoMring Prospector
Sleuths Learn Location of
Rich Strike Made by
a Nevadan,
The friends of the two officials could
hardly believe the news of the suspen
sion. Davis and Cook have been in the
northern service between four and five
years.
McMichael and his assistant, James
Belton, left Vancouver only a month ago
for Dawson, and they lost no. time in
making an examination of the books. It
is said that the alleged frauds have ex
tended over a period of three years.
The inspector spent some time at White
Horse adjusting affairs on his way down
the river, and his leisurely tour gave
no outward sign of the disclosures, he
was successful in making in the Daw-
Eon office.
DAWSON, Y. T. (via Vancouver), June
22.— Charged with having received large
sums of money from American companies
for complicity in extensive frauds against
the Government two officials quit their
offices in Dawson to-day. They were D.
W. Davis, Collector of Customs for the
port of Dawson, and A. A. Cook, chief
clerk in Davis' department. On Saturday
they were suspended, and to-day they
slipped their resignations into the hands
of Chief Inspector McMichael, who had
gone north especially to investigate cus
toms leakages. It is alleged that sums
totaling $50,000, with incidental penalties,
are lacKing in the receipts of the office,
and that Davis accepted various sums
in connection with these frauds. McMi
chael spent little more than a week in
the examination of the books and out
side affairs, and then suspended the Col
lector until action could be taken in Ot
tawa. In the meantime E. S. Bushby has
been appointed to take the position of
Collector temporarily and to assist in
straightening out the affairs of the de
partment.
Officials of the Alaska Exploration
Company, doing a large trading and im
porting business in the Klondike, are
mentioned In the details of the alleged
frauds, and action may be taken against
them by criminal process for their share
in the reported supplying of money to
the officials.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Action Follows Their Suspen
sion for Alleged Exten
sive Frauda
Hobart Estate Success
ful in Remarkable
Quest.
Collector of Customs
Davis and His Clerk
Resign.
DETECTIVES
FIND SECRET
GOLD LEDGE
YUKON OFFICIALS
ARE ACCUSED
WASHINGTON, June .23.— The Senate
Philippine Committee will resume its
hearings Wednesday, when Admiral
Dewey will appear at the request of the
committee. ¦ . .
Admiral Dewcy^ Will Testify.
Sylva has since Instituted i proceedings
against Joseph Harvey to. recover J16.00J,
alleged to be stilSdue him out of the $40.
000 he ' claims was given to Harvey by tha
Fair heirs to be turned over to him.
Judge Angelotti decided the suit in favor
of the defendant. In the decision the court
made caustic reference to both sides in
the controversy, saying that the testi
mony produced in the trial had little
weight. The suit was brought by Harvey
against Adolph Sylva and his sister,
Florence Sylva. . ¦;.'.'
SAN RAFAEL. June 23.— Judge Angcl
lotti to-day handed down a decision in. the
Harvey-Sylva suit. The case was tried in
the Superior -Court of Marin County some
weeks ago and proved to be a sensational
one. owing to the fact that the defendant
swore that he had received money from
Harvey for services perfomed for the
Fair estate during the contest of the late
Senator Fair's will by Mrs. Nettie R. Cra
ven: that Charles L. Fair had paid to
Harvey $40,000 to be given to him for such
"services; that Harvey had paid $20,000 of
this amount and that the balance was still
due; that the amount sued for by Harvey
was in reality part payment on the $20,000
balance and not, as Harvey alleges, given
to Sylva in trust for the purpose of buy
ing a half interest in the Sausalito Klec
tric Light Company for Harvey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Joseph Harvey Loses His
Suit Against J;he
Sausalitan.
COURT'S DECISION
GOES TO SYLVA
V
SANTA CRUZ CHRISTIAN EN
DEAVORERS WHO WILL
WELCOME THE DELEGATES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902.
3
The man who started to run a race in
chains and fetters would be visibly hand-
icapped- No one would expect him to
succeed. The man who runs the race of
life when his
digestive and nu-
tritive organs are
diseased is equally
handicapped. In
tne one case his
strength is over-
weighted, in the
other it is under-
mined. Success
demands above
all else a sound
stomach.
Doctor Pierce's
Golden Medical
Discovery cures
diseases of the
stomach and ether
organs of diges-
tion and nutrition.
When this is done
food is perfectly
digested and as-
similated and the
body receives strength in the only way
in which strength can be given — by the
nutrition derived from digested and as-
similated food.
¦ The praise I would like to give your 4 Golden
Medical Discovery ' I cannot utter In word* or
describe with pen." write* James B. Ambrose,
Esq., of 120554 Mifflin Street. Huntingdon, Pa.
« I was taken with what our physicians here
•aid -was indigestion. I doctorwi with the best
around here and found no relief. I wrote to
you and you sent me a question blank to fill out,
and I did so. and you then advised me to use
Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discovery. I took
three bottles and I felt so good that I stopped,*
being: cured. I have no symptoms of gastric
trouble or indigestion now."
Accept no substitute for * Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing « just
as good."
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser," sent free on receipt of stamps
to cover expense of mailing only.
Twenty -one one -cent .stamps for the
book in paper covers, or 31 stamps for
the cloth-bound volume. Address Dr.
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
HANDICAPPED.
DE. PIERCE'S EEMEDIES.
TMs signature la on erexy box of the gmnxin*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Table*
th* remedy that cures a c*ld in one Oaj.
g&x%^
I a ponderous ma- |
| chine flying through the air. \ The world is full of I
| doubting Thomases. • . j
I When we first began making suits to order i
I for only almost everybody said it was an |
impossibility — that the gcods were not all wool. I
In the "past five years we have fully demonstrated 1
the errop of people's judgment and proved the §
value of the suits. Month after month we have |
.made more and more of the suits, and the orders ?
are principally from old customers who have' put I
.the suits to a test, so they order again. I
It's not what we say that has made this in- f
crease— the merit of the suits themselves is re- §
sponsible for their popularity. J
IDon'^t doubt any longer — take . home ; some
samples and look them over. Even in ordering *
.you run no risk — every suit is guaranteed — satis-
faction or money back.
Suits made to measure $10
Out-of'ionn orders for made-tc-order clothing filled— \
I satisfactory fit assured through our self-measuring system —
nrita for samples. ;
718 Market St. and
• Cor. Powell and Efddy Streets 1THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
The Quickest and most convenient way In
and out of the Yosemite Valley Is by way ot
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are In Yosemlte to-morrow at 5 p. m.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office. 641 Market
street, for iUuctrated pamphlet and full pax
ticulan. ' .f-v • •
Famous "Floaters." .
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW. -YORK. June 23.— Brooklyn" defeated
New York In the second game of the series at
Washington Park to-day. Taylor was knocked
out of the box in the fourth. -Blewitt who re
lieved him, held the Brooklyns down to one
hit. Attendance. 4000. Score:
*i R^: H. E.
New York 1 7 3
Brooklyn .8' 10 1
Batteries— Taylor. Elewltt and Bowerman;
Beaneate'rs Have No Difficulty in
I*anding on Ham Iburg's
BOSTONS EASILY DEFEAT
THE QTTAXEB, CITY TEAM
Sea Queen First Under the- Wire in;
I a Six-Furlong Sprint at
- • Butte.
NEW YORK June 23.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary:
First race, for maiden two-year-olds, five fur
longs, selling — Joe Cobb won, Minotaur second.
Earl of Warwick third. Time. 1:00 3-5.
Second race, apprentice race, one mile, sell-
Ing — Musidora. won, San Andreas second. White
Crest third. Time. 1:41 4-5.
Third race, handicap, one and a quarter
miles — Advance Guard won. Blues second.
Nones third. Time. 2:07. ,
Fourth race, the Thistle stakes, one mile and.
a furlong, selling — Francesco won. Ethics sec
ond. Carbuncle third. Time, 1:53 3-5.
Fifth race, for two-year-olds, five furlongs —
Irish Lad won, Athelroy second, Meltonlan
third. Time, 1:07 2-5.
Sixth race, for three-year-olds and upward,
etx furlongs on turf — Charles W. . Meyer won,
Pretorius eecond, Weath third. Time, 1 :14 1-5.
CHICAGO, June 22. — Washington Park sum
mary- . . •
First race, half a mile — J. Sidney Walker
won. Van Rouse second. Silver Fringe third.
Tlme.:4S 2-5.
Second race, one mile, selling — Matin Bell
won. Peat eecond. Vassal Dance third. Time,
1:41 3-5.
Third rr •. one and a sixteenth miles — Harry
ICew won. Little Scout second, J. V. Kirby
third. Time, 1:48 1-5.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards —
Glenwater -won. Marque second, Marcos third.
Time. 1:46.
Fifth race, six furlongs, sweepstakes — Nlckey
D won. Elsie L second, Scorpio third. Time,
1:13 2-5.
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Henry Zitt
won. Miss Liza eecond. Jaubert third. Time,
1:42.
6T. LOCIS. June 23. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, five furlongrs — Lura Lighter won,
Happy Chappie second. Christine A third. Time.
1:02.
Second race, six furlongs — Herodes won. Lulu
Flight second, Mr. Mulkey third. Time, 1:15%.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Loone won, Larry Wilt second, Little
Master third. Time. 1:46%.
Fourth race, one mile — Mynheer won, Kitty
Clyde second. Salve third. Time, 1:42.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Lou Ann won.
Verify second, Louis Wagner third. Time, 1:16.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles, selling —
Edgardo won. Ida Ledford second. Cogswell
third. Time. 1:55%.
BUFFALO, June 23. — Fort Erie summary:
First race, seven furlongs — Appreciation won.
Mazzara eecond. Colonel Anderson third. Time.
1:28%.
Second race, five furlongs — Jakko won, Mal
abar second. Woolsack third. Time. 1:04%.
Third race, six furlongs^ — Clorita won. The
Bronze -Detnoa second. Young . Henry third.
Time. 1:16.
Fourth race, elx furlongs — Irresistible won.
The Mirage second. Percentum, third. Time,
1:16%. ....
Fifth race, one mile — Benckart won. Bean,
•econd. Senator Beveridge third. Time, 1:43%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — King's Pet won.
Tip Gallant second, Alea third. Time, 1:30.
BUTTE, Mont., June 23. — First race, five
furlongs — Aurora B won, Roltalre second. Wa
luches third. Time. 1:01%.
Second race, «lx furlongs^ — Sea Queen won,
May W eecond, Sir Dougal third. Time. 1:14
Third race, four and a half furlongs — Na
toncka. won. Tamm second, Gladys Bell third.
Time. :56%.
Fourth race, five furlongs — Konarra G won,
Glendennlng second. Matt Hogan third. Time.
1:00%.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards— Sam
Green won, McNamara second. Sylvan. Lass
Sixth race,' Belling, seven furlongs — Montana
Peeress won, Alaria second. Syce third. Time,
DENVER, Colo., June 23.— Five thousand
persons saw the races at Overland- to-day The
teler.t fared better than on Saturday
though only three etrongr favorites won. The
day was warm and the track fast. Results:
First race, pacing— Martha B won fourth
fifth and sixth heats and race. Best time'
2:15%. Rose W took first heat. Time. 216*
Jess C took third heat. Time. 2:15% Billy
Hays took eecond heat, but was distanced in
fourth Ttine. 2:15',;. Jim Ferry. Ed Ben
nett. Queen Bee and Glideaway also started
Second race trotting— Silver Sign won eec
ond. third and fourth heats and race Bost
¥ me ' VX& Z^l* EB ?- ont took fl"t heat:
KeTna'a^startlS^ King and Mc "
• Third race, six furlongs— Laureta won. The
Buffoon second. R. Q. Ban third. Time 1-15U
Fourth race, six furlongs— Frank ' Ireland
won. George H. Ketchum second, Tiburon third.
Time, l:lo.
¦ D^? tti l. r&ce - 6even fu rlongs— Cerro Santa won
?•»* re eecondt Life Llne third - Tl1^'
Sixth race, four furlongs— Honest John won
Joe Foster second. Floxle B third. Time -47%'
t^. ti' ep ? race# > flve and a half 'irongs-^Miss
Time C l1o9>4 >11 ' Morver Becond - Adnoor third!
MATIN" BELL WINS MILE
BACE AT WASHINGTON PARK
DETROIT. June 23. — Four scattered singles
was the best Detroit could do this afternoon
with Griffith's delivery, while Biever was hit
freely, besides fielding his position stupidly.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit ~.~.~...~....~— 0 4 3
Chicago .. M «...„».. 8 10. 1
Batteries — Siever and. McGulre; Griffith and
Sullivan.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Kltson and Ahearn. Umpire — Emslie.
CHICAGO, June 23. — Costly errors on the
part of the locals gave Pittsburg a game to
day without the need of base hits. Conroy
and Tinker had a mlxup In the fourth inning,
both being ordered out of the fame. At
tendance. 2100. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago ..;..............„...._. 2 7 6
Pittsburg k. 7 8 3
Batteries — W. Williams, Rhodes and KUng;
i Doheny and Zlmmer. Umpire— O' Day.'
BOSTON 1 , June 23. — Boston won easily to
day, having no difficulty In hitting ' Pitcher
Iburg's famous Vfloaters" -when men were on
bases. Philadelphia could do little with Plt
tlnger. Attendance, 2400. '. Score:
R. H. E.
Boston ,.~.. ft .12 1
Philadelphia 1 4 1
Batteries — Plttinger and Morgan; Iburg;
Felix and Dooln.-. Umpire — Can tt Hon.
BUTTE. Mont., June 23.— Thirty years
for. thirty dollars is the sentence given by
Judge McClarnen to-day to William Per
ry, vrho with A., C. Young, held up Tom
Donovan April 24. The sentence is . an
unusually, heavy one and causes the re
maining prisoners" in the county 'jail to
a^vait their trials in fear and trembling.
Judge McClarnen is the first Butte Judge
to give such a heavy sentence and he de
clares he will do all he can to rid Montana
of objectionable characters.
Thirty Years for Thirty Dollars.
De Armond of Missouri spoke at con
siderable length in opposition to the ad
ministration's Philippine policy. The other
speakers to-day were Olmsted of Pennsyl
vania, Williams of Illinois, Corliss of
Michigan and W. W. Kitchin pf North
Carolina. ; ¦
Grosvenor in his speech also defended
the rules of the House against the crit
icism passed upon them and paid a high
tribute to Speaker Henderson's impartial
ity. .
. Debate on the Philippine civil govern
ment bill warmed up- in the House to
day and henceforth promises to be of a
much livelier character. The increased
-nterest is due to the injection into the
debate of a comparison of the cruelties
charged to have been practiced in the
Philippines with those which occurred
during the Civil War. The subject has
been lightly touched upon once or twice
before, but attracted little attention until
Grosvenor of . Ohio to-day revived the
memory of the extremities to which Grant
and Jackson were put during the Rebel
lion. This was followed late in the day
by a speech from Mahon of Pennsyl
vania, In which he paraded the horrors of
Andersonville and Llbby prisons. He pre
dicted that in the coming- elections the
American people would stand by the "boys
in blue."
During the greater part of the session
the unfinished business, the bill ratify
ing a convention with the Choctaw and
Chickasaw Indians, was under discussion.
It was not disposed of.
Beveridge of Indiana, chairman of the
committee, ' said, the measure had been
put over until next session by the com
mittee because it was not believed there
would be time now to consider it properly.
No action was taken on the motion.
.WASHINGTON, June 23.— A motion was
entered- formally in the Senate to-day by
Quay of Pennsylvania to discharge the
Committee on Territories from- , further
consideration of what is known as the
omnibus territorial bill— a measure to ad
mit as States the Territories of Okla
homa, New Mexico and Arizona. Quay
gpoke briefly but forcibly in support of his
motion, maintaining that both political
parties in national convention had pledged
themselves to the admission to statehood
of the Territories.
Rogers will not be asked to appear, but
Chairman Dalzell had written him to for
ward an explanation: of a dispatch which
Christmas quoted- as. sent by Rogers, say
ing the negotiations were again on. The
committee also talked over the report and
will $ reassemble later to j pass on this
fcranch. . • ¦ ¦ . • • .
Richard P. Evans, -one of the attorneys
mentioned, denied some of the statements
mada concerning himself. > . •
White's -letter is a detailed account of
his visit to Denmark to bring about an
agreement for the' sale of the Islands.
H. H. Rogers -of the Standard Oil Com
pany sent a letter in which he says he
had Jiut one Interview with .Christmas and
that was devoid of importance. He adds:
"The, «»tory. he tells as to my. claim of the
ownership of twenty-six ' United 1 States
Senators, is "simply a falsehood, and so
absurd on Its -face that it is hardly worth
referring to."- > •/ ¦ • -. .- .¦-
Rogers offered to corns as a witness if
the committee wanted him. •'
WASHINGTON, June 23.— The . special
committee of the House of Representa
tives Is investigating charges in connec
tion ¦vrith the purchase of the Danish
West Indies. It resumed its duties to-day
and Chairman Dalzell laid before the
members a number of papers, including
letters from the United States Minister to
Denmark, Mr. Swenson; Henry White.
Secretary of the United States Embassy
at London, and Captain Walter Christmas'
who has been the central figure In con
nection with the charges. Secretary Hay
forwarded the letters without commenting
on their contents. Swenson's letter in
closes that handed to him by Captain
Christmas, In which the latter states that
Neils Gron obtained his confidential report
by foul means; that he has reason to be
lieve that Gron falsified it and denies a
number of allegations which it contained.
He says he never tried, to Impress Min
ister Herring that bribery was the only
way of getting the islands sold. He had
not given the name of any Congressman
in connection with the use of money. II«
makes a general denial of several matters.
Minister few«-neon says - that in view of
Christmas' character and "absurd and
contradictory statements," he attaches no
importance to the letter.' He says the
opponents of the sale of the islands are
using the Gron-Chrlstmas scandal to pre
vent ratification of the treaty.
Minister Swensbn" Denies thq
. / ] Story I That He-" Sug- : • 4 !
gestedBril5ery^- •
Debate on Philippine Bill in
. House Becomes More
Interesting. ::
Secretary Hay Forwards
¦ vlinpbrtaht Letters j
to Committee. .1
Action Not to Be Taken
on Admission of
Territories.
PROBING DANISH
TREATY SCANDAL
NO STATEHOOD
THIS SESSION
4
"Whilst it Is true that we are not "In
business for our health," It is true that
we are "in business for your health."
We afford you the opportunity to visit
Nature's Physician and dwell with him.
He lives in our valleys, our foothills, our
mountain ranges and canyons, along, our
Btreams and on the shores of our lakes.
Visit. him. The expense Is not great,
which .you will learn by reading
"VACATION, 1902."
This little book, "Vacation. 1902," issued
by the California Northwestern Bail-
way Company, gives complete informa-
tion for any kind of an outing.
To be had at Ticket offices of company,
650 Market street (Chronicle Building),
and Tlburon Ferry, or at the General
~ Office, Mutual Life Building, corner
Sansome and California streets. Call or
write for a copy.
/ :','-. ¦ - ¦¦
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
K. X RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
ALL ATTRACTIONS
For the summer the Hotel Vendome
management announces many new at-
tractions at that popular resort. Two
magnificent swimming pools are near
the hotel and guests may have all. the
pleasure of seaside resorts. Bowling,
AT
golf, tennis and ping pong are among
the many diversions. Johannsen's Or-
chestra will be there all the time.
Automobile coaching from ths hotel
throughout the valley.
GEORGE P. SNELL.. Manager.
HOTEL VENDOME,
SAN JOSE, CAL.
rflS K n IS all
I MjU llUULLu YEAR
. y^*xy«l Nature's own selec-
r*! lie tlon for a health and
A v*\ pleasure resort be-
_* __ . _ __«»_ cause of the curative
Hp A ¥ TH properties of its mud
lJLJLiJriJLi * AJl and FUlphur baths for
rheumatism, insorn-
A 1VTT\ nIa . gout, neuralgia,
llver.kldney and blood
'¦- »*»'•»¦ diseases. Has every
TV¥ 13 A C*TT1YE natural advantage for
PLEASURE ffgy&jgfoSff:
OTTOE. NEVER, Prop.
C. M. ARNOLD, 640 MarKct, S. P., Agt
DR. C C O'DONNELL'S
MINERAL SPRINGS. AT GLEN ELLEN,
the best camping, picnic and pleasure re-
sort on the Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the woria; 46
miles from S. F. The S. P. R. R. and S. F.
& N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers;
SO cottaces and tents furnished; rent cheap;
no fogs nor poison oak at the park; mineral
water, boats and bathing free. Meals served on
the grounds at reasonable rates. Inquire of
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office 1021% Market
St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh, San Francisco.
LYTTON SPRINGS.
Always open. Finest mineral baths & plunge.
No staging. Every comfort and amusement.
Tiburon ferry. 7:30 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Informa-
tion of DR. HENSLEE, 807 Sutter st. Phone
Butter 2371, 11 Montgomery st, or A. V.
MORSE. Lytton. Sonoma County, Cal.
TAHOE TAVERN,
LAKE TAHOE.
"NOT < BETTER ' THAN * THE BEST. BUT
BETTER THAN THE REST." _ .
,' Will formajly'.open^for guests June 12tB.~8ald
to be "finest mountain hotel west of the Rocky
Mountains," Try It and form your own opinion.
During June you can obtain good room, and
board for $3 per day, .but you can spend more
If you want to. *
For. folder giving full description call at the
S. P. Information Bureau, under Grand Hotel,
or write to TAHOE TAVERN. TAHOE CITT,
CAL. ¦•%¦•-¦'
THE TALLAC,
Lake Tahoe, with many additional attractions,
among them- the splendid new amusement pa-
vilion. Resident physician.
Address M. LAWRENCE & CO., Tallac, Cal.
Note — Positively no consumctives taken.
For descriotlve pamphlet call at S. P. In-
formation Bureau, 613 Market at.
BROCKWAY, LAKE TAHOE,.
OPEN JUNE 1.
To avoid disagreeable waiting for narrow
gauge and steamer, take
THE BROCKWAT TALLT-HO
Over our short cut. It meets the morning
train at Truckee Sundays and Thursdays.
Glenbrook, Nev. Lake shore house and cot-
tages. Best fishing on. the lake. Partially fur-
nished cottages for campers. Write for particu-
lars and rates, D. CORRILLAND, proprietor.
RUBICON SPRINCS
Open June 16. Connections by stage daily
with steamer. Rates. $2 to $2 25 per day; $12
to $14 per week. D. ABBOTT, Prop., Mc-
Klnneys, Lake Tahoe, Cal. -. . *
. , RUBICON PARK.
Delightful summer resort on shore of Lake Ta-
hoe. Everything new. Best beach for bathing
on the lake. Fishing, hunting. Boats, fishing
tackle; saddle horses at moderate hire: $2 per
day. or $10, $12, $14 per week Postofflce. tel.
A. L. Frost. Rubicon Park. Lake Tahoe. Cal.
DEER PARK INN AND COTTACES
tf miles from LAKE TAHOE. Typical resting
place ;^ 6507 feet elevation. Mineral springs.
Take 6 p. m. train. S. F. Send for booklet.
J. B. SCOTT. Deer Park. CaL
rrimMo */-¥.r : :: On 1In » °* Sierra Ry.s
TURNBACK :: elevation 2553 ft :
TNN, : : most elegantly ap-
TITrtl iim\H :: Pointed hotel In the
I UUJLUiHINB, :: mountains; stop here
CAL. • '•'• on your way to or
. • • from Yosemlte Valley
tmhoe iisrv,
Tahoe City; one mile from new Hotel. Now ODen
Write for terms. MRS. VADE BRYSON, prop!
TRUCKEE RIVER co v~™x^
| Summer Resort and Sportsmen's Lodge. Fish-
ing unexcelled: fish' hatchery. Second season
Send for booklet. W. C. Foulks. Verdi. Nev
HIuHLMD SPRIIS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure resort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER, KIDNEY, MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK,
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowling Al-
ley, Riding and Driving Horses. Splendid Trips
la Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person in room, "small hotel":. $10 per week
Two persons In room, '-small hotel" .$18 per week
One person in room, "cottages" . . ; .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. .$20 per week
One person in room, "MAIN HOTEL"
¦ • $12 and $14 per week
Two persons In room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
' • • $20 and $22 per week
Special inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau. 11 Montgomery, or The Traveler office,
20 Montgomery St.. or write direct to CRAIG
& WARNER. Highlahd Springs. Lake Co.. Cal.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND,
3% Hours from Los Angeles.
UNRIVALED ATTRACTIONS FOR SEASON
1902.
Our famous band of 25 musicians. Including
the great cornet soloist, CHARLES STREEP-
ER of St. Louis.
Dally concerts June 14 to Sept. 15. Phenom-
enal fishingr. World's records for rod and reel
angling. The Marine Gardens, Aquarium and
Glass Bottom Boats. Wonderful natural at-
tractions. All outdoor sports. Increased Ho-
tel and Camping accommodations. CAMP
LIFE a special feature.
HOTEL METROPOLE
Enlarged, . lighted by electricity and in all
respects up to date.
GOLF. TENNIS, DANCING, all amuse-
ments. For full Information, Illustrated pam-
phlets and steamer schedule apply to
PECK'S INFORMATION BUREAU,
BANNING CO., . 11 Montgomery St., S. F.
222 S.: Spring st.. Los Angeles, Cal.
OV/lnOn HOT SPRINGS. SONO-
SK'MiitiK ¦ MA COUNTY; only 4^
\JI\n\J\J\J hours .from San Fran-
cisco and but 9 miles'
staging; waters noted for medicinal virtues;
best natural hot mineral water bath "In State;
boating and swimming in Warm Springs Creek;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mail. ¦ express and San Francisco morning and
evening papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE: both morning and after-
noon stages; round trip from San Francisco
only $5 BO.' Take Tlburon ferry at 7:30 a. m.
or 3:30 p. m. Sundays 8 a. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the past seven years. Patronage of 1901
unprecedented. Tourist Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery 6t.; also at Traveler office. 20
Montgomery st.. or of J; F. MULGREW.
Skaggs, Cal. - ¦ ¦ •,.
£TNA SPRINGS,
'-¦. A short distance from San Francisco. ••• .'¦¦
A beautiful drive from St.' Helena,' and
one gets a complete rest, and all the amuse-
ments they desire. ! Table unexcelled.
Service Metropolitan. ''..' ¦»
Write for Booklet. " .
EDW. L. SANFORD, Manager.
All RAU Hot Springs, for health and
Mil Ull ¥ pleasure, for rheumatism.
¦ ill, fill I kidney, liver and, stomach
U I Li 1 1 W I trouble. Water stands un-
surpassed. Trained mas-
seur. ' Long distance telephone. . Trains from
Third and Townsend 9 a, m., 2:45 p. m. For
pamphlets address R. ROBERTSON..
BLACK ROCK' RANGE
Resort. Altitude 3000 feet. 10,000 acres; rich
in game. Hunting reserved for guests. 20
miles of fishing streams. Guides, livery, saddle
and pack horses. Mineral springs. Hot and
cold baths. Superior accommodations. $8 to
$10 per week. Special rates to families (cir-
cular). T. J. CROWLEY. Laytonville, Mendo-
cino County, Cal. Peck's Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st.
LAUREL DELL,
The Switzerland of America; hunting, boating,
bathing, toboggan, new livery, tennis, bowling,
etc.; free teams to mineral springs, 15 kinds.
Call "Travelers' Bureau," 20 Montgomery st.,
or address E. Durnan, Laurel Dell, Lake Co..
Cal. ' ¦ ' -^
AGUA CALIENTE,
Also known as California Hot Springs. So-
noma Valley. No staging; via C. N. Ry. or S.
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
tsblc. Come Sundays and try it. Round trip
$1 10. Telephone; many Improvements; $12
and $14. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor,
Agua Callente, Cal.
SEIGLER 'SPRIHBSse^se
& mineral waters
unexcelled for rheumatism, malaria, stomach
diseases. Swimming, billiards, dancing, Ping
Pong; $8 to $12 week. Office. 117 Grant ave., or
Eelgler Springs, Lake Co., H. McGOWAN, prop.
MT. VEEDBR FAMILY RESORT.
Redwood groves. 3 Elevation 1C50 feet. No
fog. Climate delightful. - All varieties fruit,
Iron springs, hunting, mountain scenery, pleas-
ant home, good table. Terms reasonable. Ad-
dreE8_g. E. HOL2REITER. Napa. .. -f
OCEAN VILLA.
SANTA CRUZ. ]
Large grounds. Boating and bathh.£ free.
Free bus. Send for circular. C. M. CLARK.
AmES <fc HARRIS
Inc.
TENTS, HAMMOCKS. FLAGS. AWNINGS,
CAMP FURNITURE.
100 Sacramento St. San Francisco.'
NAPA SODA SPRINGS
NAPA COUNTY, CAL
For health and pleasure go to Napa Soda
Springs. Situated 1000 feet above the beautiful
Napa Valley. Hot and cold soda baths. Shet-
land ponies and burros for children. Two trains
dally, 7 :30 a. m. and 4 p. m. Address
DOLLMANN & JACOBS. Napa Soda Springs.
BARTLETT SPRINGS. |
Here Is an opportunity to gain Health and
Strength; also, have a pleasant vacation.
D ATFS Hotel $10 to $16 per week. Hoaie-
HA1E3, keeping Cottages $3 to $15 per week,
fiend for illustrated booklet. Two routes:
Via C. & N. W. Railway and S. P. Co.
AMUSEMENTS.
GEORGE WATSON, manager of amuse-
ments; Hahn's Orchestra; dancing every
week day evening; Tennis, Bowling, Cro-
quet, Billiards. Shuffle-Board. Ping Pong,
* Livery, Burros; Swimming Tank, 20x80;
Hot Water. Vapor, Tub, Mineral and Ro-
man Baths: competent Massaglsts; Guides,
Dogs and Horses for Hunting and Fishing;
Shady Drives and Walks.
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO..
P. O.. Bartlett Springs.
Or No. 2 Sutter Street, San Francisco. .
o- — o
CAMP GURRY
Arrivals. May, 1901 ...'.. 80
Arrivals, May. 1902 ..202
i Office, Peck'js Information Bureau,
11 Montgomery st.
yosemite;
ftyron /f ot Springs
•^ : CONTRA COSTA CO.. CAL. •
New Hotel. Magnificent appointments.
Rooms en suite, with mineral baths connect-
ed; sure cure for Rheumatism and Malaria.
Only 3 hours* ride, S. P. R. R., 9 a. m.,
6 p. m. ; no staging. Address MANAGER
LEWIS, Byron Hot Springs. Cal. Call on
LOMBARD & CO., 36 Geary St., city.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO. — Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Special rates for teachers and
parties. Staging 2\i hours first afternoon and
8 hours next day, arriving at Yosemlte Valley
8 p. m. Send for Illustrated folder. WM. J.
WHITE, Gen'l. Agent. 630 Market st... opposite
Palace Hotel. S. F.: tel. Black 3871.
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel In Rus-
sian River Valley. Excellent hunting, fishing:
and boating; fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated; new furniture. R. C. CAL-
HOUN Proprietor. Duncans Mills, Cal. For
information and rates Inquire of Peck's Bu-
reau, 11 Montgomery St.. or write B. C. Cal-
boun. Proprietor. ¦
HOI FOR BLUE LAKES!
Boating, Bathing, Fishing and Hunting; new
tennis court, mineral springs. ¦ Our famous
White Sulphur Springs are known to all. Send
for new pamphlet. O. WEISMAN, Mldlak*
P. O.. Lake County, or call at . office- of C. N.
W. R. R. Co.. 680 Market st. _^
HOWELL MT./WOODWORTH'S
Residence of 27 years; second year ot sum-
mer resort. Purest of spring water. Homa
ftult, vegetables, milk. etc. No fog. Terms $7
per week. Address WOODWORTH & MUL-
LER. St. Helena. Cal. .
Tv -—..... J AMM yk«» In the heart of the S»nU
Rowardemanc--- iSoc T«
for s daily salt water swim. Redwoods and sea breezes
— a wonderful combination. Souvenir booklet free.
Feck 1 * Information Bureau, XI Montgomery Street,
S. F., or B. Dickinson, Lessee, Ben Lomond, CaL •
OWN A DOME "ig^-CAMP MEEKER
Free from fog and wind. Lots $10 up. Cot-
tages built $50 up. Boating; bathing, tenting
ground. Board and lodging, $7 up. Sawmill,
depot, store, postofflce. Sausallto ferry, $3
round trip. Address M. C. MEEKER. Camp
Meeker, Sonoma County.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Ratee. $2 and $2 SO per day; $10 to $14 per
week. Call Traveler Office, 20 Montgomery St.,
or address EDSON BROS.. Beswlck. Slsklyou,
County. Cal.
PAR A1SO SPRINGS.
The leading summer and winter resort of the
State. Send for beautiful booklet to F. W.
8CHROEDER. Mgr.. or call at City Agent, 11
Montgomery st.
CONGRESS SPRINCS.
A charming resort in the Santa Cruz Mts.:
2 hours' from San Francisco; delightful cli-
mate; swimminK and all sporta; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. E. H. GOODMAN, . Manager.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland - r best medicinal
waters In the State; fine hotel and first-class
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland, Mendocino Co.. Cal.
WHITE COTTACES.
i Howell Mountain; altitude 200U feet; air
pure and dry; delightful family resort; dally
mail; croquet; reg. bowling; social hall; splen-
did camping grounds; $8 per week. Write
MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE, Angwln, Cal.
CLIMB MOUNT SHASTA
From Slsson. Address H. McGulnness, Prop;
EL MONTE HOTEL. Bisson. Cal Expe-
ritneed guides at hotel.
"THE CROVE,"
Lake Tahoe, half mile east of- Tallac. Rates,
$2 per day., $0 per. week; meals, 50c; good sad-
dle horses and the best of livery; boats free to
all guests. J. E. PARMETER, proprietor,
Tallac P. P.. Cal. :
SARATOGA SPRINGS
Better than ever this year. Booklet and full
information at Peck's, 11 Montgomery st., or
R. R. office, 650 Market, or John > Martens,
Bachelor P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal. -'
HOTEL EL MONTE,
LOS QATOS.
Under new management. Now open for
business. Rates, $9 to $14 per week.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
At foot of Loma Prleta, highest point In Santa
Cruz Mountains. Grand scenery. Fishing, hunt-
Ing and swimming. Table and climate unsur-
passed. ' Stage at Madrone Monday, • Wed. and
Sat. Train leaves S. F. 9 a. m. dally. Send for
souvenir. VIC PONCELET. Llagas. Cal., Prop.
AMONG THE PINES.
Altitude 2024 feet; plenty. of cream, fruit, etc.;
near P. P.; home cooking; L. D. phone; no
consumptives; $6 and $7 per week. Address R.
F. WARHAM. Applegate, Placer County, Cal.
, SUMMER HESORT,
Among the Pine Hills; altitude 2024 feet; $7
per week; flrst-class accommodation. Before
going elswhere write to CHAS. GROTTIAN,
Applegate. Placer County, CaL
WITTER
MEDICAL SPRINGS.
CERTAIN CURE FOR STOMACH. LXVER.
kidney and bladder troubles. Absolute guar-
antee for all skin and blood diseases. Works
wonders in all female complaints. Recommend-
ed by leading - physicians. Thousands cured.
Ticket* Cal.'* N. W. R. R. : stage from Cklaa,
Call or address - " . . ,-
WITTER P. O.. Lake Co.. Cal.
Main office and water depot. 816 Market
street, room 64. city.
R. McCORMICK. Manager.
B THE seaside resort of Central California
I — enlarged, improved — per day $z upwards
I — fine orchestra — now open,, send for
I booklet. Address for hotel, R. M. Briare.
iFor cottages, F. Reanier, Capitola, CaL
HOTEL GENEVA
AND COTTAGES,
SATJSAL.ITO. Only 30 minutes from the city.
Most beautiful location and marine view. An
unexcelled summer and winter resort. Table and
service of the best. W. G. GRAHAM. Prop.
& t TOCALOMA M ££ N
Bert rand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing 1 , . bathing; beautiful' drives to Bear -Valley,
etc Telephone. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND or
bulletin Office every Friday, 2 to 4 p. m.
HOTEL BON-AIR,
ROSS VALLEY.
J. E. MANLOVE & WIFE, (formerly Mrs.
Leach). Proprietors.
RUSSIAN RIVER 'HOTEL.
One mils from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, pleasure; hunting, fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager. Busslan River station
via Duncans Mills. Cal. •-'
INDEPENDENCE LAKE.
Fishing; boats; excellent table; climate per.
feet; 16 mil?* -from Truckee. in an unbroken
forest. Further Information Traveler office, 20
Montgomery st., or MRS. H. M. CLEMON3.
Truckee. Cal. -
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS,
Nearest place to S. F.. 2ft hours; 5 miles
from Vallejo. Hot Sulphur baths; cur* rheu-
matism, neuralgia, eczema, kidney, liver, stom-
ach diseases. Lake for boating and bathing
Dancing pavilion. $10 a week and up. Fre«
bus to guests. M. MADRID, Vallejo. CaL ¦
JOHANNISBEHQ.
IN THE NAPA REDWOODS; NEW HOTEL-
large dining-room; exhilarating air; hunting!
fishing, swimming and boating; terms reason-
able. Inquire of THEO. BLANCKENBURC3
JR., prop., OakvlUe, Napa County, or Peck's
Information Bureau. 11 Montgomery st.
LAWRENCE VILLA.
Town Home. Sonoma. Will meet guests.
Pleasant location. Plenty shade; nice drives;
swimming; fruits; $3 per we^k. HENRT PEL-
LISSIER. Sonoma, Sonoma County, Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR STRINGS.
TWO MILES FROM ST. HELENA.— POS1-
tive cure for rheumatism, stomach trouble-
and blood diseases. Livery stable. Carrlaga
meets all trains. Board, Including baths, S3
per week. Address W. N. McCORMJCK, St.
Helena, Cal. - - "
Forrest and health | fii tuc SIERRAS
2i e (» f? Ol i™ °"i C< It R E ' e ™"°a J5s"r" ht -
2*00 1 U— J36 miles from San Fr. No stagtng; good
table; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send foi
booklet Orchard Springs, Coif ax. Cal
THE GEYSERS.
(Sonoma County). New management: room*
plastered and hard finished; new furniture;
new. private- bathhouse; hunting, fishing year
round; white help only; best livery; cooking
specially supervised by manager. See pamphlet.
NEVADA 'CITY.
The land of mines, pines ana sunshine. Na--
tional Hotel and Annex. Matchless climate,
mountain scenery, pine groves famous gold
mines. Perfect accommodation's. Reasonabla
rates. . .
HOBERG'S £ mo » ngr the Pln « Mountains.
iivui.hu u California's choicest climate.
The place to enjoy the country. Bowling, swim-
ming, croquet, hunting, fishing and the best of
meals. Rates $8 per week. For further infor-
mation Inquire 10 Montgomery st. or Hoberg's.
Lako County. MBS. M. HOBERO. Prop. ,
CORONADO TENT CITY
Coronado Beach, Cal.
BATHING, FISHING, BOATING,
GOLF, TEA GARDENS, VAUDEVILLE,
'< I \ PING-PONG, DANCING, BOWLING
and all other amusements, with one of the finest bands in the West and several fins
orchestras. Economical, comfortable and amusing.
Round trip tickets from San Francisco now on sale at:
Atchlson, Topeka & Santa Fe Ry. Co., 641 Market St $24.50
Southern Pacific Ry. Co.. 613 Market St. .'.......;..:.. $24.50 '
Pacific Coast S.S. Co., * New 'Montgomery St ..$23.00
Including berth and 'meals.
Ground and water rent free for one month with above tickets.
Persons bringing their own tents and holding Coronado excursion tickets'
ever the Santa Fe, Southern Pacific or. Pacific Coast Steamship Co. are not
charged for ground and water rent, as the excursion tickets includa all this,
as well as the street car and ferry trip to and from the train," and transferor
150 pounds of baggage. ¦ ; -!' . .- . .
Persons who bring their own tents, but -not holding Coronado excursion
tickets, will have to pay $1.50 per- month 'ground rent, which includes free
use of water. | . . . . ; , ,. , 'JV-;, ' v: . • ¦ .
Persons bringing their own tents can rent furnishings at the following
prices per week (for the month of dune SO per cent discount):
Double bedstead with spring and cotton mattress. $1 20; cot, single, 25c; sprine
cot, double, 60c; mattress, single, 25c; mattress, double. . 60c; pillows, 25o; blankets*
25c; comforters, 25c; table, 20c; campstool. 10c; chairs, 25c; rocking chairs, 30c"
sasollne stoves, 50c; oil stoves. 25c; washstaods, • complete, 35c; cooking utensils for
*hree persons, 75c; lamp, with oil, 25c
Prices per month double the weekly rates.
Furnished tent for one person, $12 per month. For two persons, $20. and each
additional, person $5 per month. •¦ Furnished'- tent comprises beds, bedding, tables
wash stands, rocking, folding and. camp chairs, clean linen, towels, water, dally car*
of tent and laundry of tent linen. 1 - Tents electric lighted. Perfect sewerage.
For pamphlets and full particulars call on , V
: PECK'S TOURIST BUREAU, II Montgomery St., San Francisco, Ca!.
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
' ¦ v." - ' —."-¦. - !
• For stomach. ' liver and Miner trouble*—
posltlre cure for constipation. N«w kitchen
and dining-room, undsr the supervision of Carl
Raymond and Han* Morttnaln and assistant*,
recently from He tel del Coronado. Flv« n«^
houses. Room for all. We hav« mor» testi-
monials from. p*bpl» . cured than all oth*a
springs combined.
For further particulars and printed mattea
at Travelers' Information Bureau. 20 Mont-
gomery st. San Francisco.
DR. W. R. PRATHER.
Adams Springs.
In Santa Cruz Mountains, Half HiU a
From Blgr Tree Grove.
But ticket to Camous Station. For particu-
lars and booklet writ. THOS. I* BELT* P. a.
Felton, Cal. Opens June 1st.
f\ t || a Napa County. The most
VT UQIOnQ charming spot In Calif or-
Ull FlD ID lid nla - Ideal for a summer
WU IIUIUIIU vacatlon . Drives over
picturesque and sprinkled roads. Good hotels.
Summer resorts adjacent. Special round trip
tickets, good from Saturday until Monday.
12.50. Take boat foot of Market street, 7:30
a. m. and 4 p. m. _
Mr)TP , Tennla Tournament
JV\ AT KO Championship
«=a!5 San Mateo County.
MATEO, Ho tei iiateo
CAL. cop Court.
SOLID COMFORT HOME SSSSTI&o
altitude. No fog; climate delightful. Lars a or-
chard, vegetable garden. Hot. cold baths, tiprtnff
water; swimming tank. Rates $7 wk. up. Stag*
meet* train. Schuler & Scheben. Napa. CaL
TROUT FISHING.
Best in State at BOCA. CAI*
For Information address Boca Hotel. Boca,
Nev. Co.. Cal.. on TRUCKES RTVER.
riMP TiVinO HOTEL. camp cottage*
WaJir lAILUfl and- grounds, prtvat* pic-
nics bowling alley, tenm*. boating, trout toe-
ing, telephone. Call at Traveler. 20 MoBtgom*
ery street. . H. Q. MARTIN. ProprKtor.
AKEPORT AND iJARTUS'rX SPiUNui*
STAGE LINE — Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport, carrying passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect wlU* trains
at Hopland. Leave Hodand at 12:30; arrlv* at
Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett Springs at
7:30. New 6-horse 14-passenger tourist wagoaa,
made to order for this staga line, with all ta«
most modem imorovements. Passengers fos
Lakeport or Bartlett Springs call for ticket* by
Bartlett Springs Stage Line. Tickets can *•
had at office Cal. Northwestern Ry.. 630 Mar-
ket st, or at Tlburon Ferry.
MILLER * HOWARD. Proprietor*.
V/ICHY SPHINGS— 3 miles from Uktaf.
? Mendoclno Co. Natural electric waters,
champagne baths. Only place. In the. world ot
this class of waters having continuous flow ot
natural warm, water direct from springs ta
tubs. Lovely grounds, fishing, bunting. Cry*-*
tal Springs. Accommodations; table flrst-class.
J. A. REDEMEYER & CO.. Props.
BEAUTIFUL CAMP MEEKER — One of Cal-
ifornia's most romantic spots; cottages an«i
rooms newly furnished; restaurant remodeled:
under new management: terms $8 per. week;
boating, bathing and other amusements: tafca
Sausallto ferry; lots for sale. $10 up. Address
H. M; GREGSON. sole proprietor. .
RICHARDSON'S SPRINGS — T • a
" miles from Chlco. CaL Noted for being a
sure cur* for rheumatism, malaria, dyspepsia,
blood and kidney diseases, nervous troubles,
etc A dead enemy of poison oak and skin dis-
eases. Hotel, and baths open entirs year. J,
V. RICHARDSON. Prop.. ChJco. CaL
HABSXM SPRINGS — Most desirable In Lake
Co. ; contain sulphur. Iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh kidney, liver and stomach troubles; ne-w
gymnasium, bowling alley, handball court and
billiard room. Round-trip tickets. S. P. office*
|3. J. A. HAYS. Prop. (
HOTEL DE REDWOOD — Santa Crua Mts.
Among the grand old trees; board $3 and
$10 a week; fare, return ticket. 52 50. Call ac
Travelers' Bureau. 20 Montgomery St., or ad-
dress M. S." COX. Laurel. Santa Cruz Co.
THE FTTRISSIMA HOUSE-Near th*
ocean. Fishing, only Mt. trout stream ln>
county. Lort* distance phone. $2 per day. C.
< P. MOSCONI. Prop.. Purlsslma, San Mateaf
Co.. Cal. t
MX. SAN FRANCISCO RANCHO— THI3
homelike resort Is located In tha Saa:*
Crua Mountains. 6 miles from Capitola. Goo-J
table board, hunting and fishing. Address S.
D. WEBB. SoqueL CaL "
Mountain View I • Ranch— Hotel, cottages,
.well-known table. Phone, swimming, dallj>
mall; campers to Glenwood, Including carriage,
$3 75 round trip. F. .R. 'DANN. Santa Cru».
HITE SULPHUR SPRINGS, the best re-
sort in Sonoma County. Open all yeae
round. Rates, $8 to $12. Take Tiburon ferry.
Bus meets all trains. E. HAWE3. Santa Rosa.
ILLOW RANCH— Quiet foothill ranch. 3
miles from Santa Cruz; delightful boms
In redwoods; abundant fruit; good table; $9 54
per wk; MRS. WM. CRANDELL. Santa Crua.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. Saa
' Jose. Cal. — One of the. best equipped on tli«
coast. Every variety of water treatment. el»c«
triclty. massage. X-ray. Write for literature
BELLEVTJE HOTEL— El Verano. Sonoma
County. Cal. Terms, $1 00 per day and
upward. Long distance telephone. Hot min-
eral sprtngsnearby^PeterGoua^ardon^Pro^.
tNG'S RANCH— Six miles from Caxadenx.
Elevation 12C0 feet; among th» redwoods.
Hunting, fishing. Terms. $10 a week; famil* .
rates. Address WM. KINQ. Casadero.
A MAISON TAHITIENNE— Prlvata w«t-
¦lence; home cooking: berries &" cream; terms
reaable. Box 264. Frultvale. Alameda Co.. Cal.
ISSON TAVERN, near Mt. Shasta. Par-
tlculars "Information Bureau," 20 Mont-
gomery st.. or MRS. L. M. SISSON. Slsson. Cal.
BERGHEIM — Two miles from Los Oatos.
home cooking. P. PISQTJE. Los Oatos. Cal.
STAGE ZJNES AND LIVERIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO-^Througa~tflV
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's. Wort's*
Bellvale. Pigeon Pt. and Santa Crus. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, 9 a. m. train, 34
and Townsend sts.; 0:20 a. m. from San Jos«.
Add. WALTER KNIGHT. Redwood City. Cal.
Fifil F STiRI FS U*taU»- Tourists, camp-
CAULC 31ADLE3ers. hunters. Wrttita
H. A. Eldred for rates for any kind of turnout.
PESCADERO— San Mateo wmi Pescadero
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay and Saa
Gregorlo. daily aU year; twice a day to H»lf-
moon Bay. Lvs. Ban Mateo 10 a.m. A 4:15 p. m.
ASHION STABLES. UKIAH AND WIL-'
llts— Tourists, campers, hunters, writs J.
H. Smith. Uklah, Smith St Taylor. Wimts. foe
any kind of turnout.
GCLROY Fashion Livery; good service: reas.
rates. Ofc. Gllroy Spr. stage. H. MayocJk.
ANT-A CRUZ— San Lorenzo- Stables. Styl-
ish rigs. Reasonable prices.
CHEAPEST and best liv America— Th» Weekly
Ft* 1 , 1 .* } 6 o ****** » en * *o &ny address In th«
United States or Canada one year for ft.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f§9 Era R&9 CJ
is-always
Brewed; in ' a plant as clean
as the cleanest home kitchen
-7- always open to your, inspec-
tion— 58,971. visitors last 1 year.
Thomas W. Collins & <?o.', Wholesale Tblstribu-
; tors, 105 California street, San- Francisco. <-
Superior to Apiol, T«psf, Pennjtoyalpr Steel.
Sure Relief of Pain and 'Irregulari-
ties Peculiar ip, the Sex. ;^
Apiolinc Capsules for three months cost $1.
Druggist or P. O. Box 2081, New JTork. •„
| THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
HOITT'S Beautiful Grounds at Holtt's
School will be open to summer
iMDuiLO priests during June and July.
DitDir Superior climate, excellent
\* AKK, table; reasonable prices. Ad-
mam mmmmm^ _ dress IRA G. HOITT.
HOITT'S SCHOOL
(For boys) Menlo Park, San Mateo County, Cal.
Careful supervision, perfect climate, thorough
mental, moral and physical training:. Prepares
for university or for fcuBlness. . Send for illus-
trated catalog. IRA GI HOITT,* Ph. D.,
Principal.Brings Big Cargo and a Large Number of Passengers From Antipodes
and Honolulu — San Juan Arrives From Panama and Zea
landia Sails for Hawaiian Islands With Many Travelers Aboard
SONOMA IN FROM AUSTRALIA
AHEAD OF HER SCHEDULE TIME
SAN DIEGO BAR— CALIFORNIA.
SAN FRANCISCO. June . 23, 1002.
Notice is hereby given that outside bar (oft
end of kelp) whistling buoy* black and white
perpendicular stripes, marked . "S. D.," was
moved June 10 about 300 feet WSW. V, W.
from its former position. Coronado Hotel
tower NNE. % E.. Point Loma light N. %,W.
(westerly) 2\t, miles, right tangent of Point
Loma in range with fog bell house of Ballast
Point N. V4 W. Course N. % W. through
main channel between San Diego bar (outside)
buoy, black can No. 1, and Gammon shoal
buoy, red No. 2. Whistling buoy, bell buoy,
black can buoy No.' 1, "and inside bar buoy,
red No. 4. arc about In range N. % E.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys, Pacific Coast. 1902. page 11.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON, Commander. U. S. N.,
Inspector Twelfth Lighthouse District.
Increments of Steamers.
I __ — ,
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Brooklyn Point Arena June 24
Acme Siuslaw River June 24
, Pomona Humboldt June 24
Corona Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Tltania Nanaimo June 25
Santa Cruz. . . Southern Coast ........ June 25
Iaqua Humboldt Juno 25
Phoenix i Mendoclno June 23
Crescent City Crescent City June 2tt
Eureka Humboldt June 2>i
Queen Puget Sound Ports ....June 26
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June iiG
Point Arena... Point Arena June2U
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro >, j une 27
.Rival Willapa Harbor June 27
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way. Ports June 27
Nevadan New York June 27
Curacao , Mexican Port* June 27
Alliance Portland & Way Ports. June 27
S. Monica. . . . San Pedro j une «8
Rainier Whatcom j une 03
Coronado. . . . Grays Harbor June "8
C003 Bay San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
China..; China & Japan June 28
North Fork.... Humboldt j une .»„
•G. Dollar Grays Harbor June 29
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June 4> 9
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. . June 20
Pentaur...... Seattle June *>!)
Columbia Portland & Astoria June 1!)
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. June 30i
UmatUIa Puget bound Ports July j
Abydos Hamburg v. - Wtet Coast July 2
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports ...... July «
Notice to Mariners.
The steamer Zealandia sailed yesterday for
Honolulu with an assorted cargo valued at
$14ti,535. "The following were the principal
shipments:
UU9 bbls flour, 16,669 lbs and 6 cs bread,
10,431 lbs corn, 19,579 lbs beans, 5070 lbs and
CO cs millstun*s, 25,034 lbs middlings, 730 lbs
hops, 62,557 lbs rolled barley, 60.300 lbs rice,
130 pkgs bottled beer, 950U lbs bread, 104 pkgs
bicycles and sundries, 99 pkgs building ma
terial, 66 cs boots and shoes, 34,434 lbs bran,
352 ts canned goods, 7630 lbs codfish, 600S lbs
cheese, 230 lbs chocolate, 147 cs candles, 3705
lbs poultry. 1040 lbs dried fish, 640 lbs dried
peas, 4909 lbs frfesh meat, 1745 lbs and 20 cs
dried fruit, 124 pkgs dry goods, 137 pkgs drug's
and medicine?, 590 pkgs fresh vegetables, 97t>
pkgs fresh fruits, 3483- lbs glucose, 39 cs hats,
:«n> pkgs hardware, 11,230 lbs lard, 15 bales
leather, 15 cs liquors, 213 bdls metal laths, 17
pkgs millwork, 3001 lbs nuts, 3996 lbs oats,
19!> crt« onions, 1886- crts- potatoes, 325 pkgs
paints and oils. 285 bales paper. 56 bdls and 20
pes pipe. 198 pkgs paste, 2484 lbs salt, 5000 lbs
sugar, 7513 lbs soda, 37- cs and 12 bbls sal
mon, 570 lbs raisins, 1000 lbs and 50 cs starch,
16 colls rope. 202 bdls. steel and iron, 5 bales
rubber hose, 16S7 lbs seed, 62,800 lbs' and 38 cs
tobacco. 0 bales twine, 107 pkgs books 'and
stationery, 61 ctis wheat, J30 bdls wire, 050
gals and 110 cs whisky, 3819 gals and 1 cs
wine.
The Zealandia's Cargo.
The schooner David Evans, now at San Pe
dro, is chartered for lumber from Whatcom
Ui Adelaide or Melbourne at 40s.
The bark Andrew Welch will load genera)
cargo here for Honolulu.
The British ship Cardiganshire is chartered
for wheat only to Europe at 2Gs 3d (July 1
loading).
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants. •
Charters.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
San Juan Arrives.
The Pacific Mall Steamship San Juan arrived
yesterday from Panama and way ports. She
brought S58 tons of cargo, sixty-three packages
of treasure valued at $7S,905 SO, and passen
gers as follows :
Jules Stuart, Ernest Piston, J. D. Hoffman.
R. Moran. W. G. Kanston, L. Hanston, J. B.
Hal'.ock, I* Mata. Clara Gates, Bessie Martin,
Cyril Loecombe. Jose Guiterez. F. Schlatt, D.
R. de Wise, Refugla Herrera, Natalia Saravia.
Ignatius Saravia, Melaine Herbert. Ismael
The wreck of the schooner Eureka was sold
yesterday by auction at the Merchants' Ex
change. She was bought by Captain Harry
Goodall, who paid $105 for her.
Fire was discovered yesterday morning In
the roof of the saloon at 133 East street Tbe
building, which is owned by Harvey Downey,
was damaged to the extent of $400 before the
flames were extinguished. . ¦
Eureka "Wreck Sold.
Fire in Roof.
W. Swan, an apprentice on the British ship
Kynance, fell down the vessel's hold yester
day and sustained some severe abrasions which
were treated at the Harbor Hospital.
Falls Down Hold.
Mr. and Mrs. A. I*. Dearlove and child, T.
Wilks.
Pago Pago — W. E. Coekrane, Commissioner
Blocklinger, Mrs. Blocklinger.
Honolulu — Mrs. M. B. Hammond, Miss Ham
mond Mrs. C. H. Allen, R. E. Braden, Mrs.
F. J. Geary. Miss A. Geary. Miss M. Powers.
W W. Tucker. W. T. Veitcli. Mr. and Mrs.
P. Laidlaw. Dr. E. A. Tripp. Mrs. Tripp, Mrs.
Cameron. Mrs Captain Johnson, L. T. Alex
ander. Mrs. Albert Clark. T. Schneider. Miss
Tabritt, Mrs. Appleton and child, G. Osborn.
Mrs. James Hopper. Miss Hopper. Mr. and
Mrs. E. Osborne and two children. Miss J.
Pogurr and two children. Mrs. J. G. Pratt,
W. H. Bangle. A. M. Walcott. Mrs. Gllchrlst,-
Mrs. B. J. Weetcott. child and maid; Miss
A. Brady. C M. Splero, Mr. and Mrs. J. L.
W. Zumwalt and four children. W. J. Oon
roy C. W. Gray. Mrs. Carr, H. K. Duffles.
T." B. Plumb, Mrs. C. S. Plumb. Mrs. J. A.
Porter. W. 11. Lelmert. Miss E. Johnson. L. J.
Pholps". Mrs. Cora Morse. Miss A. M. Woods.
BARK THAT WAS SAVED AFT
ER GOING ASHORE ON THE
OREGON COAST.
¦ TO SAIL. ¦:'.; ¦
Ste'amer. Destination. |Sails. | PlerT"
Jnne 24. I f~
Argo Eel River Ports....! 4 pm[PIer 2
Albion Rvr l*t. Arena & Albion.) 6 pm|Pler 13
Jnne 25. I ) .
Tampico... Puget Sound Ports. |- 5 pm Pier
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt'Orfd|12 m Pier 13
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier in
Mandalay. . Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Jane 2«t. -'
Acme Siuslaw River — pm Pier 2
Phoenix.... Mendoclno City ... 3 pm Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt 1 :3o p Pier li
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Jnne 27.
S Barbara. Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G Elder Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
June 2S.
Eurska.... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
' S. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 2 pm Pier 2
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm Pier —
H. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
San Juan.. N. T. via Panama 12 m PMSS
Jnne 2t>.
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Alliance 'Portland & Way Pts 10 am Pier 1G
June a<>.
Portland... Nome & St. Michael 2 pm Pier 34
Rival.:.... Willapa Harbo^ 4 pm Pier 2
Queen . Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier ltt
July 1.
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way. . ft amlPter It
North Fork. Humboldt 9 am|Fier -2
Areoulpa... Valparaiso & Way.. 12 mjPier It,
Jnly 2. I
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland. 11 am|Pier 21
G. Dollar. . Graya H arbor »,,-..#. 4 pntJPIer 2
Jnly 3. ¦ - |
Sonoma.... Sydney & Way. .. .110 am Pier 7
Pentaur Hamburg & Way..|12 m Pier 10
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom| 4 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. . • Sails.
Dlrigo Skagway & Way Ports. June 26
I Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 2S
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June 2$
Dolphin Skagway & -Way Ports. June 28
Senator Nome : . . . July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2
IFarallon Skagway & Way Ports. July R
Roanoke Nome * St. Michael;.. July 3
Oregon Nome & Teller I July .1
Ohio Nome & St. Michael |July^8
Bertha Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. | July. 8
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 23, 1902.
The Time Ball on the totrer of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p ni.. Greenwich time.
j. t, McMillan.
Nautical Expert, in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of. the Superintendent.
NOTE" — The high and low waters occur at
the olty front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zealandia,
looking trim as a yacht, well laden with
freight and with a full complement of pas
sengers, sailed -yesterday for Honolulu. The
Zealandia temporarily is taking the place of
the Alameda. Among the passengers were:
Dr. Edward Armltage. Captain Brokaw, A.
Brown, J. Camp, Miss G. Carroll, Miss Gussle
Clark, W. R. Clark. Miss L. H. Corsen. Miss
May Dexter, Mrs. George de la Vergne, G. D.
Graham. Mrs. Graham, M. Hall, MisB C. Has
kins. A. Herbert. B. Heymann. Dr. A. G.
HoCglns. E. C. Hughes, Mrs. Hnghes, Allen
Hyde, Miss F. A. Hyde, Mrs. H. W. Hyers,
Solomon Hyman. J. B. Jerman, R. S. Johnston,
Mrs. Johnston, M. J. • Kennedy. Mrs. Kennedy,
Miss Daisy Kerr. J. N. Klrkland, Max Larenz,
Miss Lindsay. W. A. Lingham, Mrs. Llngham,
Mrs. C. T. Littlejohn and child, J. G. Mc-
Dougall. W. C. Peacock, Mrs. Peacock, H. W.
Rice. Miss B. Rich. Mrs. E. Scoby, Lieutenant
M. A. Signor, Clement Smith. P. M. Snod
grass. Mrs. Snodgrass, Miss Stonslfer, Mrs.
M. Walker and child, Mrs. A. R. Waller and
child. Dr. G. Walters, A. 'P. Wllcox, R. W1J
cox. R. W. Wood.
Zealandia Departs.
THE Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Sonoma, Captain von Otcr
endorp. arrived yesterday morn
ing from Australia with 262 pas
sengrers. a large cargo and th<?
Australian-British mails. In spite of
rough weather between Auckland and
Pcgo Pago and a heavy fog encountered
off this port the Sonoma reached port
ahead of schedule time.
Among the Sonorr.a's passengers was
Commander Blocklinger of the navy and
lately in command oX the gunboat Wheel
ing at Pago Pago. He was accompanied
fajr Mrs. Bloeklinger and is home on sick
leave.
The Sonoma brought from Honolulu the
three mates and thirteen sailors of the
ill-fated British ship Fannie ICerr, which
was destroyed by fire last month about
7iO miles to the northward of the Ha
waiian Islands. Captain Gibbons and his
wife remained in Honolulu.
A. L. Dearlove, who has been in Ho
nolulu in connection with the new Pa
cific cable, was a passenger on the So
noma, and E. J. Russell, the representa
tive in Australia of the Standard Oil
Company, was also on board.
On the Sonoma's outward voyage L.
Leonard Ferguson, an oiler, was killed
by being caught in the shaft. The acci
dent occurred soon after leaving Pago
Pago. Deceased was burled at Auckland.
The Sonoma left Sydney on June 3 and
•was j' days 12 hours coming up from Ho
nolulu. The drought situation in Aus
tralia was still serious when the Sonoma
?a.iied. but the plague appeared to have
been checked.
There were no deaths from the latter
cause the week before the liner left.
There were three stowaways on the So
noma: one from Auckland, the others
from Honolulu.
Among the passengers were:
Sydney — Mr. and Mrs. E. Crookshant, Miss
3S. Orookshank, Miss K. Crookshank. Miss
Murdock. Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Wilkins. Miss
K. Peary. Mr. and Mrs. E. L. Russell. Mr. and
Mrs. F. Cole and two children. X. F. It.
Hume. F. W. Hume, O. J. Martin, E. J. Rob
inscn. Mrs. Ringer. W. C. Foote. C. P. Ver
non, C. L. Adams. P. Duffy, Mr. and Mrs.
H. Bills, W. Bills. Mrs. Menzie« and child,
T. F. Hnujrh. I. F. Hamilton, F. Berch, L.
Per.der. Father W. F. O' Byrne. F. Thompson.
Auckland— Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Adkins. Miss
Taylor. Miss Z. Taylor. Miss Torgesen, G.
Hoppenstedt. E. R. Nash. R. Price, W. Fer
rr.an. E. Reynolds. Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Price,
G. Toung, Mr. and Mrs. G. Bone, Miss Esse,
Beacamante. R. Vasquez. Manuel Espinosa. T.
Glvens, J. D. Bayles, J. L. Murphy, Alfred
Kempson, Julie Kempson. E. D. Parsons, Harry
W. Wllklns, R. F. Schramstadder, .Luis Kaiser.
This, however, may become compli
cated by propositions to attach conditions
to the concurrence, one of the conditions
under discussion being a time limit for
the period of negotiation to secure the
perfected title. ' y_
The friends of the Panama project have
been making a canvass of the strength
of the Senate amendment in the House
and are confident that a motion to concur
can command a majority.
The House conferees appeared at the
appointed time, 2. o'clock., but through a
misunderstanding the Senate conferees
were not on hand, and the meeting went
over until 11 b' clock to-morrow.
The length of the contest will depend,
therefore, on the, duration of the insist
ence of Hepburn and Davey for the Nica
ragua route and the attitude of -the
House in supporting such an insistence.
There Is little indication as to how long
this insistence will last, but statements
made by the House conferees lead to the
belief that the Insistence will not. be car
ried, to the point of a permanent dead
lock, defeating all 'canal legislation at
this session.
WASHINGTON, June 23.— The contem
plated conference on the isthmian canal
bill led to considerable comment to-dajr.
on the outcome of this important meas
ure. There is no doubt that the House
conferees will at the outset make strenu
ous insistence on the Nicaragua route, as
provided by the House bill.
Hepburn and Davey are earnestly In
favor of the Nicaragua route, and they
undoubtedly will stand by the House bill
as long as there is any possibility of its
selection. On the other hand, Fletcher of
Minnesota considers the Panama route
better than the Nicaragua, although he
thinks fuller investigation has shown the
Darien route better than either of the
others. . However, as the present legisla
tive issue appears to be confined to a
choice between Nicaragua and Panama,
Fletcher probably will cast his influence
for the latter. • • .. '
Champions of Both Projected
Routes Are Confident .
of Victory.
Canal Bill Conference Is
Postponed Until
To-Dcfy.
SENATORS FAIL
TO MATERIALIZE
ARRIVED.
Monday, June 23.
Stmr Sonoma, Von Oterendort), 20 days 13
hours 12 minutes from Sydney, via Honolulu
%> days 12 hours 26 minutes.
Stmr Redwood City, Moe, 28 hours from
Eureka. • . :
Stmr Ruth, Johnson, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing; bound south; put in to land passen
gers.
Slmr Mandalay, Batchelder, hours from
Bandon, via Crescent City 36 hours.
Stmr Chehalis, Thompson, 56 hours from San
Pedro, via lledondo 54 hours, with bktn Willie
R Hume in tow.
Stmr Willie R Hume, Wilson, 54 hours from
Redondo, !n tow stmr Chehalis.
Stmr fan Juan, Urryx, 26 days from Pana
ma, ' via Mazatlan t> days 8 hours 40 minutes.
Stmr Scotia, Erlckson, 16 hours from West
port; Benicia direct.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 41 hours
from San Diezo. V
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 02 hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 42 hours.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, 43 hours from Port
Los Arceles.
Stmr . Arco, Dunham, 25 hours from Port
Kenyon. ¦ ,
Schr Conflanza, Skipper, 9 days from Sea
View.
% CLEARED.
Monday, June 23. j
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell, Honolulu; J D
Srireckels & Bros Co.
Danish stmr Arab, Gow, Nanaimo; John Ro
senfeld's Sons. - .
. SAILED. ¦ -'.'
. Monday, June 23. j
Stmr Ruth, Johnson, San Pedro. ¦ ¦
Stmr Coos Bay, Nopander, San Pedro.
; Stmr Eureka, Jes.sen, Eureka.
Stmr Zealandia, Dowdell,' Honolulu.
. Stmr Eureka, O'Brien, Seattle.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, Point Arena. •
Stmr Samoa, Olsen, Bowens Landing.
Stmr San Pedro. Jahnsen, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Whitesboro, Olsen, Greenwood.
Danish stmr Arab, Gow, Nanaimo.
Barge Santa -Paula, McGovern, Ventura, in
tow tur Monarch. ' ¦
Schr Ocean Spray, SJogren, Coquille River.
Schr Newark, Nielsen, .Bowens Landing.
SPOKEN. , ¦ . ¦¦ ¦¦
June IS. lat 50 N. Ion 12 W— Fr bark Pierre
Loti, from Swansea, for San "Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. June. 23, 10 p m — Weather
clear; wind W, velocity 0 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed out June ' 23— Schr ;
Stirnson, from Ballard, for San Pedro.
Passed in June 211 — Schr Excelsior, hence
June 8, for Port Blakeley;Br atmr Wellington,
hence, June 20. for Ladysmith; stmr Edith,
hence June 20. for Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 23 — Stmr Queen, for
San Francisco. > . . i
COOS BAY— Sailed June 21— Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco; . .
Arrived June 23 — Schr Emma Utter, hence
June 5.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 23— Stmr Co
quille River, for San Francisco. , ;
EUREKA^— Arrived June 23 — Schr Emma
Claudlna, hence Juno 14; schr Serena Thayer,
hence June 12; schr Mabel Gray, from San
Pedro; Nor bark Charlonus, from Valparaiso;
stmr North Fork, hence June 22. •
Sailed June 23— Stmr Pomona, for San Fran
cisco. • • "
Arrived June 23 — Bktn Makawell. . hence
June 5. ! . ' '
• VENTURA— Arrived June, 23 — Stmr George
Loomis, hence June 22, and sailed . for San
Francisco.
T1LLAMOOK— Sailed June 23— Stmr W H
Kruger, for San Francisco. :
SOUTH BEND— Arrived June 22— Stmr Rl
; val, hence June 22. ¦ -
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June 23— Schr Re
peat, from Columbia River; stmr Santa Mon- ,
lea, hence June 20. ¦
PORTLAND— Sailed June 23— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco; stmr Fulton, for San Fran-,
clsco. .
Arrived June 23 — Stmr Homer, from San
Francisco: stmr Indrapura. for Hongkong.
ASTORIA— Sailed June 23 — Stmr, Quito, for
Manila.; . —
Arrived June 23 — Stmr I Homer, from San
Francisco; stmr Sequoia, from San Francisco;
stmr Churchill, from San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June 23— Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence June- 23. -.June 21 — Schr
Volant, from Hueneme.
Sailed June 21 — Schr San Buenaventura, for
San Francisco.
PORT KENYON— Sailed June 22— Stmr Ar
co. for San Francisco.
REDOND.O — Arrived June 2.T— Stmr Santa
Barbara, hence from Port Hadlock.
Shipping Intelligence. /
fahrer, hence Feb 28. June 22— Br bark Donna
Francisca, from Tacoraa; Br ship Pinmore,
from Tacoma. . •
Sailed June 21 — Ital ship Narcissus, ' for
Clyde.
-MONTEVIDEO— Sailed June 21— Dutch stmr
Wllhelmlna. for St Vincent. .
TENERIFFE — Sailed June 7 — Ger stmr
Kambyses. for San Francis/Co.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed June 21— Ger
stmr Luxor, hence Feb 28, for Hamburg.
FALMOUTH— Arrived June 22— Br bark
Howard D Troop, from Tacoma.
CLYDE— Arrived June 23— Ita! ship Narcis
sus, hence Feb 1.
SWANSEA— Sailed June 21— Fr bark Anjou.
for San Francisco.
ANTOFAGASTA— Sailed May 6— Ger bark
Admiral Tfcsretthoff. for Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE. Aus — Sailed May 13 — Br »hlo
Earl Dunmore. for San Francisco. May 14 —
Nor bark Viking, for San Francisco: ship Co
lumbia, for Honolulu. May 16 — Schr E B
Jackson, for. Honolulu. May 19— Bktn Robert
Sudden, for. Honolulu. May -1 — Br ship Os
borne. for San Francisco: Br ship Aberfoyle,
for San Diego; schr W F Garms. for Hono
lulu. May 23 — Ship St David, for Manila. May
24 — Br ship Gen Gordon, for San Francisco;
schr Honolulu, for Honolulu. May 27 — Br ship
Aeolus, for Honolulu. May 29 — Schr Prosper,
for Kahului. May 31 — Bktn Jane L Stanford,
for Honolulu. June 2 — Br ship Brambletye.'for
Oregon. June 1 — Br ship Netherby, for Sao
Francisco.
Chartered to load June 2 — Ship W H Smith,
for San Francisco; bark Hesper, for Honolulu
bark Gen Fairchild, for San Franctsco; ship
Luzon, for Manila; schr Lyman D Foster, for
Honolulu: bktn James Tuft, for Honolulu; schr
Win Bowden, for Honolulu: Nor bark City of
Agra, for Honolulu: bktn Jane L Stanford, for
Honolulu: schr Robert R Hind, for Eleele; Br
ship Cromartyshlre, for San Francisco.
ADELAIDE— Sailed May 30— Russ ship Har
binzer, for Eureka. «
SUVA— In port May 20— Br bark Elizabeth
Graham, for Eureka.
SAN JOSE DE GUATEMALA— Sailed Jun«
21 — Ger strar Abydos, for San Francisco.
P. C. Kelly, Assignee,
Is selling all-^rool men's suits worth (IS
for $4.65 at the Assignee Sale of the Bos
ton, 773 Market street, near Fourth. •
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 22— Ship S P
Hitchcock, for Baltimore.
BALTIMORE— Arrived June 22— Ship Abner
Coburn, from New York.
ISLAND PORTS.
MAKAWELI— Sailed June 5 — Eark Edward
May. for San -Francisco. June 7 — Schr Allen
A, for San Francisco.
HILO — Arrived June 12 — Bark Santiago,
hence May 24.
Sailed June 10— Barks R P Rithet and Rod
erick Dhu, for San Francisco.
KIHEI — Arrived June. 6 — Bark Chas B Ken- I
ney, from Oyster Harbor. .
ELEELE — Arrived June. 14^ — Schr James
Roiph, from Honolulu.
Sailed June 6 — Bktn Kohala, for San Fran
cisco. .
HONOLULU — Arrived June 12— Jap stmr
America Maru, hence June 6; schr Kona, from
Chili. June 14 — Ger bark Alsteiachwan, from
Hamburg. June 10 — Bark S C Allen, hence
May 29.
Sailed June 13 — JaD stmr America Maru. for
Yokohama; U R stmr Buford. for Manila. June
1 1 — Sehr Rosamond. June 15— Bark Mohican,
for San Francisco. • ¦ < • .¦
PAGO PAGO— Sailed May 24— U S stmr
Nero. May 29 — US stmr Abarenda, for East
ern ports.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MAZATLAN— Sailed June 22— Br stmr Are
qulpa, for San Francisco.
Sailed June 20— Stmr Curacao, for San Fran
cisco.
VANCOUVER— Arrived June- 23 — Br ship
Kate Thomas, from Victoria.
Sailed June -23 — Ger stmr Pentaur, for Se
attle; Br stmr Amur, for Skagway.
Sailed June 23 —^Br stmr Athenian, for Hong
kong.
TOPOLOBAMPO — Arrived June 7 — Schr Es
ther Buhne. from Grays Harbor.
LIVERPOOL — Arrived June 21 — Br stmr
Ching Wo. from Tacoma. ¦
DUNKIRK — Sailed June 20— Fr bark Can
robert, for San. Francisco.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed June 21 — Br . ship
Foyledale, for Oregon.
LONDON-r- Sailed June 21— Fr bark Duo*
d'Aumale, for San Francisco.
Arrived June 22 — Ger stmr Luxor, hence
Feb 27. . »
QUEENSTO^N — Arrived June 21 — Ger
ship Reinbek, from . Astoria; Ger ship See-
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY. JUNE 24.
Sun rises 4:48
Sun seta 7:35
Moon rises ..9:43 p. m.
D ITlme . |Time| ITlmel Time
£ Ft. j Ft. Ft. Ft.
9 |H "W |L. W| |H W| L, \V
24 6:25 4.7^ 7:29 0.2 2:55) 4.0 7:37 3.1
25 1:04 4.4 8:04 0.6 3:33 4.7 8:36 3.2
26 1:55 4.2 S:44 0.9 4:06 4.9 0:43 2.0
27 J 3:00 4.0 0:30 .1.3 4:40 6.0 10;53 2.5
*J8 I 4:22 3.7 10:22 1.8 5:17 6.1 11:51, 2.0
23 |5:5.1 "3.611:15 2.2 6:00 '8.2
(L. W |H W II, W H W
30 | 0:51 1.3| 7:21 3.6|12:12 2.4 6:46 B.4
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in -the lef i
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column g-lves the last tide of tbs
day, except when there are but three tides as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are" in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given i is subtracted frcm the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902.
5
To f«l youn^ again ! To rsaliz: th: joy-
xUwi^^^^S^^fi ous s? 3^' 6 °^ ncrve J 'f e as !t infuses the
imR . ¦' • - body with its glowing vitality; to fe?! th:
• xBSs«^ magnetic enthusiasm of youthful energy; to
i^^^^W T^^&3 fce l"Ppy. light-htarted and full of joyous
fiiiaK?^ N^*w3 impulses: to be fre: from sp;lls of despon-
' v^KJw^l i tm™l . denevi from brain^wandering, from the dull,
' 'Y^ffCTfflCM fflpfitli stupid fc:lins; to have confidence, self-cs-
tetm and the admiration of m:n and woram !
tifiEvji&^i^viP?/ Such is the wish of the broken-down man,
liilli™^ Weak Men Can Be Cured.
M3E@9>j^f^S%#s(££%fl Men who itre "oolr half men'' «n N> made the moil
' ra&fnSHv aSff&@S rerf»ct xpe^im^ns of physical manhood by wrartng Dr.
A$3re$l^£%££££c<Z ilcLaaghlln't Kltrtric belt. It 1* woro far ilx er eight
houn (Jailor, mostly dorlnj ile«p. It pouf* a glowiac
¦tfyvJrfe/JM^^^Mj^Hl'TM «treaai of electric energy Into th^ weattene«l nerres
"IS^sSiST/^^ST&V^iS^ * B<1 «"f»n«. flllluc them with the rigor of youth. From
IBflBEM^filagglflMWgWh tbe first day a new spirit Is frit in the relnf. the
HP8lDrW^j^H^(tMLlptt loyoT^i ambition of youth sprlnxs forth, and yoa are a
Dr - McLanghlin's Electric Belt
¦ jB^MUKrmiSB™^^™^"** Has made thossaods of bomes happy. It Is as good for
'-.'¦ bBEhBjLTBbHSmHMBFcW^^ women aa for men. Man and wife can use the same
fljjifTFWWnBEMTTCo L^ Belt. TbefRenlitor makes It stroo? or mild to .<nlt th'
wearer. If is the onlr Klectric Belt In the world that
fj**Tfiu^—sffi^^J l lXaWmL.\ ' can be regulated while on tbe body. Yoa feel the power,
*%atjsSlSnni3tiSi^&\. bct Jt rtar * not hurn and 1jll<ter a * d0 tb * old-ttyle h*r»
. . . . rprr O(\f\Y l want 7°° te c * n lf T°",e« B " d **•*
¦ ; ¦.;:-;¦ - . - '. ... rntlll DUUr\. u rrw. if yon can't call send for my
.... book, which b1t«« fnll information and U w»rU» $100 to
• any weak man. Sent free, closely sealed.
PAIIT I frW' Beware of medical concexM oBerinj 'Electric brtts fw." and ttal^olewor
UAU I llTN. with bis. cheap Belt. This offer is only a trlcfe to folat a package of medl-
clnes upon you C. O. D. Write t» me for an explanation of the trict.
Di\ M. C. McLaughlin, 906 %™£?JJZ™ ET '
J Office Hours-^8 a. rn. to 8:30 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1.
¦NEVER SOLD BY. DRUG STORES OU AGENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
•l1WI«t*l**INI»l»lltt»l»IMIWIItt»lW|niW|l«|M|f»|M|W| M || a
1 i
- __ • ' • ¦> ¦ •
I The Umpire I
i . i
I . i
I" Whets taste is the test, flavor |
* I Is the umpire, hence it is that i
i the " I
i ¦ • i
! Old, Rich, Mellow Flavor I
! »• !
I Hiioter |
Baltimore Rye
I Y' v has made it |
1 ' ¦ • '¦¦/¦¦¦ ': - ' ¦ .1
I The Most Popular J
I Whiskey in America 1
I . ' ': ¦ ' , .... ¦ ' ' ¦ •' |
I 5 ¦-' - . ¦ . ¦ s
I CHRI8TT& Wise COMMISSION CO., Inc. 5
5 I20*22oCaliforni«.St.,SanFrnnclsco,Callf. *
• Telephone Main 873. . . *
¦ '¦¦-•. ¦- ¦ ¦ ' ' i ¦
Thin flignatnre is on every box ot the genuiaa
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tab^t*
th ¦> remody that cores a cold In one daji
Ban Francisco, Tuesday, 24 June, 1902. -
I Cobbler seat, $5.00
If you can buy a rocker like this for less money
than we ask you're getting considerable more than your
money's worth. In two finishes, oak golden color and
birch mahogany finish, with cobbler seat and upholstered
head rest. Price $5.00. Fourth floor.
Tbirt3 T -five different styles in pedestals on the fourth
fleer. Golden oak, "weathered" oak, birch mahogany
finish and solid mahogany. Prices ranging from $5.00
to 535.00. -Jr-: W»l-j
"Roxburys" — the carpet with the two black lines on
the back. The carpet that every dealer, friend and foe
alike, praised to the skies when it was selling at $1.10
the yard. Our entire line, 75 cents the yard, sewed,
lined and laid.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
, JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE BQSEJf BERG'S t TOE FOSENBERg'S.
ff&B^B&HG^^^OjKIMQw>iflR&KtfQMT¥rM*V^Pf& j^^^^^^^^q lS3Sm^3S^^"*
BwMBBKtBWWnicigEgwgEJa?KaSaiKi9i«Mig £&?' '? a^scG^^^S^^*iS^t^sc<iSs^
C*Rjgy«By. r gggBATOaiia6^fWH?S!Bfc!fawBtB WtBKsixr gar v^^» 'yiyJgg'.&^WM IWWWMW ffaXifgs-m 1 * iCS/t.'C 'itnr.yyr. JSKCSyfTZl
BiillliiiSBl wbmxM sL^ & .^SBB8SS5BSBBHH
At 2P.M TODAY Begins sale
F3tt<$£k. B n « H xi xfeii! D H B Na fir 3 Brer 0"^ El 'afl Ira 88*9
Belli lift **""*i H **r*k q R ** „ n .-. r-,The Des Moines "hello girls" have gone on strike.
Thus must be a tremendous relief to a public which
undoubtedly have suffered severely from : the antics' of
this peculiar species of American! girt
• Lffe is a race— not for a silver, cup, but
for character— that is , the goal. The prize
is heaven, but the race must always' be
run, and life, to many, is outward defeat,
and to a larger number, inward defeats-
Ladles' Home Journal. - : A -
The five Texan cowboys who went looking for
trouble the other day and met death certainly had no
reason to object to the cordiality with which they
were received. They must have met a gentleman ac
commodating to a fault
The three rival undertaking 'firms ¦> of ¦ this city
which fought not long since for the privilege of bury
ing a man who had. money and no friends should
have remembered that the public needs no indecent
exposure to be reminded of certain elements: of com
munity life which are necessary but not ornamental.
Report of Number of Uniform
Knights Who Will Be Here in
A.ugust. ,
Accompanying the Knights of Pythias
who are to be here during the month of
August to- attend the session of th*e su
preme body will be, in addition to the su
preme body of the uniform rank of the
order, and .'. the highest body of the
Knights of the Dramatic Order of Khor
assan, the offlcA-s and representatives of
the Rathbone Sisters, the ladies' auxil
iary of the order, of which Mrs. Dell
Phillips Glazier is the supreme chief. Mrs.
Glazier is a* resident of Kort Madison,
Iowa, and is said to be an unusually able
executive' officer, remarkably well versed
in oarliamentary law. The ladies of 'this
branch of Pythianisnvhave already out
lined a plan to be carried out during their
stay in this city. Committees will en
tertain the ladies wh/> shall accompany
the Knights, and thes'e have arranged for
receptions, parties, balls, excursions, and
the distribution of flowers and fruit to be
furnished them from a number of the
counties?" -
¦ Supreme Keeper of Records and Seal
R. L. C. White, who recently visited this
city in connection with the approaching
session of the Supreme Lodge, in a let
ter to a member of the general committee
in this city writes that the Knights all
over the United States are particularly
interested in the trip to San Francisco
next August; that more than 12,000 mem
bers of the Uniform Rank have already
registered for the California trip and that
every one of them will appear in the mon
ster parade. He is of the 6pinion that
SOOO : more i will be registered .before the
end of July.
It is ' expected that at the lowest esti^
mate there will be 100,000 strangers in San
Francisco during the Pythian week . and
it has been calculated that each -will spend
on an. average $3 per day, which will make
$300,000 a day, and at: the rate for seven
days the total amount of money that the
strangers will leave in this city-will be
J2.100.000. ' ' _
RATHBONE SISTERS WILL
VISIT WITH PYTHIANS
OWING-io the high price of beef and the'gen
eral clamor against the meat trust more at
tention has been given than would other
wise have been accorded to a report, of W. H. Wiley,
chief of the Bureau of Chemistry of the Department
of Agriculture, on the relative values \)f various kinds
of foods. There is nothing particularly novel in his
statements. The world has been" told over and over
that there are lots of foods better than beef as well
as cheaper. In times past, however, the average
American has given little heed to such statements.
Things are different now. Chief Wiley does not
speak more eloquently nor more authoritatively than
some other folks on the subject, but the ears of the
people are more attentive, because this time the
pocket as well as' the stomach is interested.
We have-not seen a complete copy of the report
of the chief, but a summary is given out, for the press
quotes him as saying that only. 25 per cent or the
total weight of meat purchased is of any nutritive
value; that even if it were all nutritive and a man
got his money's worth out of all meat he pays for,:
its use would still be inexpedient, at breakfast, at any
rate, and might be profitably dispensed at lunch.
The chief is quoted as saying: "In so far as actual
nourishment is concerned the very cheapest and best
that can be secured is presented by the cereals, viz.,
Indian corn, wheat, oats, rye, rice, etc. These bodies
contain all the nourishment necessary to supply the -
waste of the body arid the energy and heat necessary
to all animal functions and hard labor, in a form well
fluted to digestion, and capable' riot only of maintain
ing the body : in a perfect condition, but also; of fur
nishing the energy necessary to the hardest, kind of
manual labor. .The; waste material in cereals is very
small, and, as compared with that in meats, practi
cally none at all. In fact, the ordinary wastes, such
as the bran and germ, are among the most nutritive
components of the cereals, and both! health and
economy would be conserved as a rule by their con
sumption, instead of rejecting them, a ; s in the ordin
ary processes of milling.'-'- ,;¦ ' r r
The world, has v heard that wisdom before, but this
time it is doubly valuable. It affords a means of,
bringing the proud beef barons to terms. Let the
Eastern people as one man take to cornstarch and
vegetables. Things will then be them
and very unhealthy for the trust. The experiment is
worth trying,- and now that i the East is , so' earnestly
discussing the cereal philosophy it* is to be hoped
her people will live up to it/ r >.- '/; ••'*','
ACCORDING to Santos Dumont the problem
of aerial voyaging is much nearer solution
than most people imagine. He"says men talk
about aerial navigation now as they talked of auto
mobile locomotion ten- years ago, "believing they
were predicting the future without suspecting that
they, spoke of the present."- .He asserts that the
..practical use of airships will not be delayed until the
coming of some future generation, but will be at
ained within a time comparatively short.
As to the merits of airships' formed of balloons as
compared wifh flying machines or aeroplanes he de
clares himself in favor of the former, but points out
that his own airship i^ a combination of the two. It
has a balloon structure, but is nevertheless heavier
than air. It rises only because of the force supplied
by the propeller, and when the propeller ceases the
ship descends to the earth by its own weight.
In the current number of the North American Re
view he gives an elaborate presentation of the sub
ject and argues that with a little further improve-!
ment in the way of diminished weight and increased'
power of propulsion the. flying-ship will be accom
plished.
He says: "I am persuaded that the airship, thanks
to the hydrogen (carried in the balloon), will always
have an advantage over the aeroplane in being able
to. carry a great quantity of combustible material for
long journeys, a number of travelers and a consid
erable weight of merchandise— an advantage that
will give it a practical utility unquestionably' superior
in commerce and in war. On the other hand, the
flying machine will without doubt attain for short
distances an incomparable/ speed, the advantages of
which will be in certain cases very appreciable.
* * *. But when I think that an airship of the
length of the trans- Atlantic 'steamer Deutschland,
constructed with the proportions of my No. 6, would
transport a thousand voyagers of my own weight
with a sufficiently powerful motor and the necessary
amount of petroleum, from New York to Havre in
two days, I cannot help finding the dirigible balloon
more interesting than .the aeroplane from an
economic point' of view, which is the dominant one
in the world to-day."*
• With the spirit of a true enthusiast Santos Dumont
declares that aerial voyaging will " soon . be " accom
plishecfTf only mankind would take more interest in
it. He says he knows of a dozen petroleum balloons
owned by men rich enough to make aerial experi
ments, and yet they will not enter competitions and
thus help to excite public, interest. He announces
an intention to appeal to the world . through maga
zines and books, and says: "I shall hot be content
till every person is an aeronaut, either in airships or
in- aeroplanes." It is a big undertaking, but not
necessarily a vain one. Meantime the advocates of
the aeroplane are working as diligently to perfect a
flying machine as Santos .Dumont is / to perfect : an
airship. He -has therefore enough competition to
keep his enthusiasm at fever • heat, and the' world
waits expectantly ready to applaud the winncr-
THE EAST AND THE TRUST.
Californians in New York.
NEW YORK, June 23.— The following
Californians are In New York: ;">•;_ •
From San Franclsco-^-Dr. H. C. Moffatt
arid wife. Miss Jolliffe. W. P. Scott. H.
Ji Scott. C. H. Scott. W. S. Thatcher and
F. M. Zeile, at the Holland; J. Grim, at
the Belvidere; L. Long, at th« Ashland;
J McDonnell, at the Marlborough; Dr. S.
Kobicke and Dr. Cameron, at the Hoff
man- F. M. Chadbourne, E. M. Chad
bourne, H. S. King and F. B. King, at
the Manhattan; J. I* E. Flrmin, at tha
Sinclair; J. F. Gayner and wife, at th©
Navarre; Mrs. E. A. Heydenfeld, at tha
Park Avenue; A. F. King and Miss King,
at the Imperial; Dr. T. B. W. Leland and
wife, at the Broadway Central; Mra. R.
Liescomb, at the Bartholdi; S. N. Rodda,
at the Cadillac; Dr. M. E. Van Meter, at
the St. George.
From Los Angeles— A. Deleur and wlfa.
at the Sinclair; G. P. Drew, at the Im
perial; W. W. Howard, at the Broadway,
Central.
Sacramento— W. B. Jennings, at th«
Hoffman.
From San Diego— L. R. Klrby, at th«
Navarre. '-.-.<-'¦
From Santa Barbara— G. McGuire, at
the Ashland.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit. We a
oound in artistic fire-etched boxe3. A nica
nresent for Eastern friends. 633 Mar}- ;
street. Palace Hotel building. •
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Oakland Enquirer.
Criticizes Action of Gage.
Where was Governor Gage libeled and
where should he be most anxious to se
cure a vindication? The Call, which was
the ( head libeler, is published and largely
circulated In San Francisco. It is not be
lieved that it has a large circulation in
San Pedro, Los Angeles County, for none
of the San Francisco papers have. The
Chronicle, the chief assistant libeler, is
also a San Francisco paper, and the
Times is published in Los Angeles. ]t
might be logical to prosecute the Times
in San Pedro, but we can see neither
logic nor wit in the decision of the Gov
ernor to seek his vindication from San
Francisco ,slander in the little seaside
town on the southern coast. As we un
derstand it, the Governor's object in
prosecuting is to prove to all the people
that he has been falsely vilified, and
we should suppose he would seek to do
this in the largest forum in the State,
not in a hole or a corner, other words!
fean Francisco, where the offense was
committed, and where there . are more
people than in any other town to wit
ness the refutation, is the place of all
places where the refuting should begone
The Detroit River is the outlet of th«
greatest bodies of fresh water in tha
aggregating 82,000 square miles of
lake surface, which, in'turn, drains 125,000
square miles of land.
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis, Minn.
N. E. A. Convention. JS4 00. San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, going direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On sal»
July 1 and 2, good sixty days. Only require*
six days for entire trip through Yellowstona
National Park. Just the season to visit "Na
ture's Greatest .Wonderland." The Xortaera
Pacific train "North Coast limited," In unex
celled by any other. Sceln? Is believing. T.
K. Stateler, Reneral agent. 64T Market St.. S. F.
Dr. Sanf ord's Liver Invigorator,
Best Liver Medicine. Vegetable Cure for Liver HI*.
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.*
Bridal couples have thronged the na
tional capital In such hordes this spring
that the doorkeepers of the -White House,
whose self-imposed task It is to keep
count of the visiting brides, have lost
their reckoning. Seventy-five newly wed
pairs were counted in a single day recent
ly, and then tliKjloorman gave up tha
record as hoi>eless^~
Workmen's Supreme Master Comine-
Webb McNall of Gaylord, Kan., recent
ly elected supreme master workman of
the United Ancient Order of Workmen at
the se?sion held in Portland, Or., will ar
rive in this city to-day in the company
of the other supreme officers, and to
morrow night he will be tendered a re^
ception by the fifteen local lodges and
the members of the Degree of Honor in
the Odd Fellows' Hall. There will be an*
address <if. welcome by Grand Master
Workman Freeman of the jurisdiction of
California, a response by the supreme
master workman, short addresses by the
other supreme officers, and a musical pro
gramme, after which there will be a ball"
The ladies of the Degree of Honor wili
tender the. ladies of the party a reception
iti the parlors of the Odd Fellows' Hall.
Nero was near-sighted. ,He had a trans
parent gem which enabled him to watch
the sports of the gladiators. It -was be
lieved to have a • magic property, but is
now supposed to have been an accidental
lens.
AIRSHIP DEVELOPMENT.
REPORTS from Rome concerning the negoti
ations with the Vatican for the purpose of
purchasing the lands now held by the friars
in the Philippines are encouraging, but vague. It is
announced that the Cardinals appointed by the Pope
to I act for the church are in agreement with
Governor Taft on all' essential pbints, but that
there arc wide differences on matters of detail.
Neither side has given out any intimation of the na
ture of the issues on which the differences occur,
but it is probable the question of the amount to be
paid for the lands constitutes one of the subjects of
disagreement, as a report from -Washington some
time ago announced that our .Government estimates
the value of the lands at about $7,000,000, while the
church estimate is not less than $10,000,000. . ,
Another cause of difficulty in reaching an agree
ment is probably to be found in the character of the
credentials given to. Governor Taft. He has not
gone to Rome as an accredited Minister from this
country, but simply as an agent to negotiate a busi
ness matter. In the instructions given to the Gov
ernor it is expressly stated: "Your errand will not
be in any sense diplomatic in its nature, but will
be purely a business matter of negotiation by you as
Governor of the Philippines for the purchase of
property from the owners thereof, and the settlement
of land titles in such a manner as to contribute to
the best interests of the people of the islands." •
Even in the restricted sense of a business agent the
Governor has not full liberty of action, for whatever
he does must be subject to action by Congress. Thus
the Governor is instructed "to take up the subject
tentatively with the ecclesiastical superiors, %ho
must ultimately determine the friars' course of con
duct, and endeavor to reach at least a basis of nego
tiation along lines which will be satisfactory to them
and to the Philippine government, accompanied by
a full' understanding on both sides of the facts and
the views and purposes of the parties to the negotia
tion, so that when Congress shall have_ acted the
business may proceed to conclusion without delay."
The measure is one of the highest importance to
the people of the Philippines and to ourselves. In a
recent statement as to the provisions of the Philip
pine bill on the subject Senator Lodge said: "It
provides adequate and comprehensive land laws,
which have been wofully lacking during and since
the time Spain lost supremacy there. Under the
laws of Spain there was no such thing as a title to
land. The occupants of the land exercised no owner
ship of it, and as a result they were constantly in a
state of turmoil. Of the 72,000,000 acres of land
there only 5,000,000 acres were held by private indi
viduals. The remaining 68,000,000 acres were held by
Spain. Under this bill homesteads of forty acres
each are to be given to the natives, and .they will
have a clear title to the land. The 450,000 acres of
land which the friars hold, which is the best agricul
tural land on the islands, is to be purchased, and this
is to be disposed of to those who now occupy these
lands. This must necessarily bring about better con
ditions in the way of wages to the Filipinos and in
other .important respects."
There is little doubt that Congress will agree to
terms that may be found satisfactory to the church
and to the Philippine government. Hardly any
thing we could do will more potently conduce to the
welfare of the islands than settling land titles and
giving the industrious and thrifty among tne people
a chance to establish homes of their own upon lands
that are theirs in fee simple. It is also in the interest
of the friars to get rid of the lands, which they can
not profitably use -under present conditions. Such
being the case, it can be readily believed that the two
parties arc already agreed upon the essential points of
the negotiation. The land will be sold, the» United
States will guarantee the payment, and the old strife
between the Filipinos 'and the friars will end
amicably and in a manner beneficial to all concerned.'
PHILIPPINE LAND VALUES.
Professor J. C. Merriam of the depart
ment of geolotry said that he did not care
to go on record as stating positively that
the phenomenon was due ,to Pelee's
ashes, but asserted that suchVwas very
possible.
"In such violent eruptions as the recent
one in Martinique," said he, "the vol
canic dust or scoria rises to an enormous
height, so high, in fact, as to be above
the air currents of the lower air strata.
This ash; being of very light weight, is
not influenced much by gravity, and re
mains suspended high in the air for long
periods of time."
Professor Merriam cited the instance
of the eruption of Mount Krakatoa, in
Sumatra, when the volcanic ash was car
ried completely around the earth and re
mained suspended in the air for more
than a year.
"Only two things could bring about this
appearance of a circle about- the sun
either the presence of; mpistwre in the
higher strata of air or the presence of
some very finq material, such as volcanic
dust or ash. During the present dry con
dition of the atmosphere it" is scarcely
credible that there can.be much moisture
in the air, hence it is doubtless the ashes
which are producing the ring about the
sun. The same cause also would bring
about a very fiery red sunset. We have
been expecting such sunsets for some
time. The trade winds, which have been
blowing steadily from east to west during
the last month, together with the revolu
tion of the earth, would bring <is within
the zone of the volcanic ash."
•Dr. Tracy Crawford, fellow in astron
omy and assistant at the students' ob
servatory, had the following explanation
to give concerning the phenomenon:
BERKELEY, June 23.— Considerable
comment was caused to-day by the phe
nomenon of a large circle appearing
around the sun when it had reached its
meridian at noontime to-day, and much
speculation has-been indulged in as to
the cause of the occurrence. The opinion
of university professors, who are calcu
iated to know about such appearances,
is that the spectacle is due to the pres
ence in the air of fine volcanic dust from
the volcano of Mont Pelee.
for Ring Around Sun.
University jj Professors Give -»Reason
PELEE'S ASHES IN THE AIR.
The young couple will be at home in
Belvedere after July 1 for the summer,
and in San Francisco during the winter.
Miss Morgan is the daughter of Har
wood Morgan, a prominent business man
of Seattle. The young lady. Is one of the
popular social favorites of Seattle. She
was educated abroad.
Mr. O'Brien is a lawyer practicing in
San Francisco.
The maid of honor will be Miss Sadie
A. Morgan, twin sister of the bride, and
Miss Jessie Dallard and Miss EH33
Brooks will be bridesmaids. Bruce Fitz
gerald Morgan, a cousin of the bride, will
be the best man and Harry S. Gullixon
and Dr. Frank I. Shaw will be the ushers.
Mr. and Mrs. Harwood Morgan of 433
North Broadway, Seattle, have Issued in
vitations for the marriage of their daugh r
ter, Miss Adeline Starring^ Morgan, to
Percy Howard O'Brien' of San Francisco.
The wedding" will take place to-day at St.
Mark's Church, the Rev. J. P. D. Lloyd
officiating. .
Mrs. John Morrisey and Mrs. Josephine
Walter left yesterday aft&rnoon for Yo
semite Valley for a two weeks' sojourn.
They will spend a few -days at Wawona
and the Marlposa grove of big trees.
A party consisting of Mrs. Henry Weth
erbee, Mrs. Farnham, Mrs. Martin, MI33
Bessie Martin, Mrs. Sanborn, Miss Grace
and Miss Laura Sanborn, Dr. and Mr^.'
Meed of New York, Joseph Rosborough
and Mr. Thompson of San Rafael left
yesterday for the Yosemite.
Society is making its annual pilgrimage
into the country for rest and recreation
after a season of social pleasures. Prep
arations are being made by the smart
set to entertain extensively In the coun
try during the summer months. The resi
dents of Burllngame have many fetes in
view and intend to invite many down
from the city.
Dr. E. J. Hennessey of Napa is at th«
•E^E. Bush, an oil man of Hanlord. m
at the Lick. .
H. Kadin, a fruit grower of Fresno, is
at the Grand. '* \>-- - *,
j. H. Yancy, a lumber dealer of New
man, is at the Lick.
H. B. Howard, a mining man of Ton^
pah, is at the Lick.
B. Davis, a prominent resident of Lo«
Angeles, is at the California. .
James McNeil, a well-known capitalist
of Santa Cruz, is at the Palace.
E J Russell, a Standard Oil represent*
ative in Australia, is at the Palace.
Dr D. J. Mercer of Mountain View Is
at the California, accompanied by hia
wife. .
E W Hale of Sacramento, a member
or the firm of Hale Bros.. Incorporated,
is at the Palace.
Gus Simons, a prominent merchant ot
Rosstand. B. C. is at the California with
his wife and family.
General J. B. Frisbie, who owns valu
able mining claims in Mexico, Is regis
tered at the Occidental.
A. L. -Dearlove, connected with tha
Trans-Pacific Cable Company, is regis
tered at the California. .
Tracy Robinson, a resident of Holly
wood, who was in business at Panama
for forty years, Is at the Occidental.
Frederick Ayer, a wealthy resident of
Philadelphia, who Is. touring the coast
with his wife and family, Is at the Pal
ace.
J. F. Hough of Hongkong, who ren
dered great service to the British Govern
ment during. the war In China. Is at the
Palace, en route to England. .,.— -
Edward L. Head has returned from an
extended tour of the East. He was a
delegate from a local aerie of Eagles to
the Grand Aerie at Minneapolis and then
attended the annual convention . of the
American Water Works' Association at
Chicago. s :7'- s _ •¦'•-'-. '.
PERSONAL MENTION.
TUESDAY............ JUNE 24, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Zttms AH CMBBailrttieM to W. 8. LEAK. Hunger.
TELEPHONE.. .
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
J ~>,V1 ,- You With the Department Yob "fc 'nh.
rCBLlCATIOS OFFICE... Marl£«t and Third. S. F.
UDITOH1AL. ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Delivered br Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weete.
Sinele Coplen. 5 Cent».
Term* l»r Mall. Inclndiner Poitacei
CAILT CALt (including Sunday), one year.. $8.00
DAILT CALL flncludlnr Sunday). 6 montha S.00
DAILY CALL (lncludins Sunday), 8 month* 1.50
DAILY CALL— By Elngle Month.... I Ms
fUXDAT CALL. One Year 1-00
VTEEKLY CALL. One Year l.OO
I All poitmaiter* «re rotliortred to receive
¦mbncrlptlona. . "'*¦}'•
Euople copies will be forwarded when requested.
' UatI vubFCrlbera in ordering cha- -• of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLt> ADDRESS In order
to insure a prou-.pt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE.. .1113 Broadway
'.- - ¦.•_#.,
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Ktntgtr Foreign Advertising. Kirqnette Bnildin;, Chieig)
<Lcnr Distance Telephop* VCentral 2619.")
NEW YOSK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAJILTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH «vO Tribune Building
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Betel; A. BrenUno, 81 Union Square;
Hurray Hill Hotel. . ' .:.'.:
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Korthern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASIIIXGTOX CD. C> OFF'ICE". . . .X4O« G St.. N. W.
JIORTOA E. CRAKE. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery, coraer of Clay, open
until 8:80 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. C31
McAllister, cpen u-.til 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larktn. open ur.tU
S :S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Va
-..J Jtncia, open until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9
~ o'clock. *rw. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky. t.::n
. until 9 o'clock. 2200 Fillmcre. open until 9 p. n>.
Forecaster McAdle of the Weather Bu
reau declines to think that the phenome
non was a celestial warning of impe'nd
ing calamity. He says that It is very un
usual to . see so perfect a halo, but that
there are records of many less striking
spectacles of a similar character. The
halo had a radius of 22 degrees. It is
said to have been caused by the refrac
tion of light by ice 'crystals in the vale
of cirro-stratus clouds — a combination of
the light fleecy and the layer-like clouds.
Scientists attributed the extraordinary
heat* in the Eastern. States a few years
ago to disturbances on the sun's surface.
A similar appearance to that witnessed
here yesterday and one which was ob
servable all .over the world in the summer
of 1889 was said to be due to the fact that
the earth was passing through a haze oc
casioned by-Infinitesimal particles of mat
ter left in space as a result of the de
struction of the asteroids.
Science and history both furnish the
warrant for the idea that solar influences
occasion terrestrial disturbances. Lytto:i,
in the "Last Days of Pompeii," tells of
the peculiar appearance of the sun before
the -eruption of Vesuvius, as do also the
letters of Pliny. It is related that the sun
appeared dull and heavy* and was sur
rounded with 'a. ring just before the Mar
tinique disaster. It is a legend in Sicily
that the sun caused terror to people in
the vicinity a few days prior to the time
when Stromboli of the Lipari Islands
reared its head above the Mediterranean.
The followers of Zoroaster direct the
courses of their lives by the appearance
of the sun .and moon. Throughout all
history it has been - customary to take
warning from solar phenomena.
Solar ¦ halos are not very unusual. So
perfect a one as that observable here yes
terday is, however, remarkable. The phe
nomenon is frequently seen in the tropics
and in the southern hemisphere, but or
dinarily rather indistinctly. Such appear
ances are. considered- by- savage races and
ithe superstitious portion of civilized peo
-ples as portents of : volcanic eruptions,
earthquakes, terrible storms, or some
other great disaster.
"What does it mean?" "Is it a sign' of
a cyclone or an earthquake?" "I never
saw anything like that before." Such
and other similar expressions were onjthe
lips of every one when the great solar"
halo appeared in the skies early yesterday
afternoon.: In appearance it was an im
mense ' ring surrounding the sun and
seemed to have a circumference about fif
teen times greater than that of the source
of light. No two persons could agree on
its color. Some said brown, others black,
and still others declared it was exactly
like a rainbow. The phenomenon was
first observed at about noon. Its effect
was mo3t pronounced at a quarter after
one o'clock. During the afternoon it fad
ed gradually and .was. barely perceptible
toward sundown. ' . .
SOCIETY FOLK
GOING INTO
THE COUNTRY
Coil says he sleeps a great deal. He
attributes his longevity and excellent
health to the fact that he has always
been regular in his habits.
Coil's grandfather died at the age of
104 years. The old gentleman says he
has chewed tobacco ever since he was 10
years old, but rarely smoked. He, has
never been sick a day in his life; fe en
joying good health at present; his eye
sight is almost perfect and his hearing
is excellent; he is able to get around
well; he never had the toothache, and
would to-day have-a full set of teeth but
for the fact that the withering of the
gums allowed several of them to drop
out.
OLUSA, June 23.-James Coil, who
/f^ resides in the famous quicksilver
(I .mining town of Sulphur Creek
'^^ will celebrate his one hundredth
, birthday on the 16th of next Janu
ary. Coil was born in Warren County,
Tennessee, in 1S03. His father was of
Irish and his mother of German descent
Coil - came to California in 1313 by ox
team across the plains, and the encoun
ters with Indians and narrow escapes or
his party would make an interestln.,
story. He returned to his family at *ay
etteville. Ark., in 1S52 and remained there
until 1S5S, when he again came to- tha
Golden State," determined to make a stake
and prepare a home for his family. Luck
was against him, and since that day of
parting in 1S5S he has never seen any
member of his family, nor has he heard
from any of them since the war closed m
1S65. i'X'tfi ;^^
By occupation Coil was a trader in
livestock in the 'East. He owned many
stages in the early days and at- one time
conducted a large hotel in Jefferson City.
Mo. When he came to California he en
gaged in mining with more or Jess suc
cess. The old gentleman has traveled
over the greater, part of the United
States and has seen and conversed with
several American ' Presidents, among
them Jefferson and Jackson.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Major Devol, general superintendent or
the transport service, announced yester
day the result of his request for bids for
10 000 tons of coal to be used by the Gov
ernment at Honolulu. The contract wa 3
awarded to J- J. Moore & Co. of San
Francisco. Their bid was as follows:
Waratah. East Greta or Wallsend, trim
med in bunkers at Honolulu, $3 70 per
ton- same, c-x-ship. $5 93 per ton Pwhond
i° Scahan.-West Wallsend or Ducken
field trimmed in bonkers at Honolulu,
$8 40 per ton; same, ex-ship. fc> &> per
t0 The Globe Navigation Company, P. W.
Rochester asent, made the following bids
on Washington coal: Montezuma $7 30
per ton; Franklin, $7 65 per ton; Morgan
Slope Green River. $7 15 per ton. The coal
was to be delivered at Honolulu, trimmed
'VhetnSisland Steam Navigation Com
pany (limited) of Honolulu made the fol-
Kwtnff bids: Greta, Duckenfteld. PaclUc
r^orterative or Waratah, trimmed in
bu^ers^t Honolulu, $10 50. The bid of the
Globe Navigation Company was thrown
ou? La forty days' limit had been placed
en the acceptance of the contract. .
Bids for repairing the transport Kil
n-urick also were received yesterday. Tha
wldon Iron Works offered to comply with
Sncations as to drydocking, engine,
boiler and hull work for $3553. This bid
was accepted. Other bids were: Un ioa
Tron Works, $3780; Fulton Iron Works.
ISS and the United Engineering Com
pafy ?Sx> Tha Union Iron Work* secur
ed the contract for the carpenter and
joiner work with a bid of $1303. Tne West
ern Repair and Supply Company wU to
the plumbiotf and galley work for $183.
The bid accepted in each casa was the
lowest. —
S~~\ NGE more the proprietor and the 'manager of The Call- have. ; been arrested
f '¦¦:.'. V/upon:a charge of publishing a' criminal libel against Governor Gage in conneo
V : ,f tibn with the ; exposure of frauds committed Jn 'the administration of the San
S Quentin prison. -This time the complaint is sworn out in this city and the de
fendants are held for trial 'here. They are ready. It remains to be seen whether the Gov- \
-Surely it is high time to bring this case to a hearing; Two arrests with no trial \
would be something in the nature of a farce. If Gage really believe he can benefit his
reputation or improve his political chances by having a judicial- inquiry into the truth 01
falseness. of the statements published by The Gall in connection with the violations of
law at . San ' Quentin, he has now an opportunity to obtain tjiat benefit without delay: •
He can give to the public no satisfactory reason for shirking the issue raised by
the latest arrest of the defendants, nor for seeking to evade a trial in San Francisco. He
may select any court he chooses to hear the^case. The defendants will interpose no ob
jection. They ask for nothing but a prompt trial and a fair and full hearing of all J:he
evidence. . ' ~" J
The second arrest is annoying, but is not without compensating advantages. It
brings the suit at a place where there will be no difficulty in proceeding at once to trial.
The defendants are here, the witnesses are here and the prison records' and documents
can be readily brought here. There is but one doubtful; phase in the case and that is
involved in the question whether Gage will come to the front and make. a straight fight,
or whether he will anew shift, shirk, dodge and try to fly' to a court where a speedy
trial is not obtainable.
The. sentimental considerations that led the Governor to seek at San Pedro a bath
for his reputation, which he alleges to have been soiled, should now give way to consider
ations of another kind. He asserts that he has been libeled, maligned and' injured by the
defendants; he declares he cannot be satisfied by a civil suit, but desires to have them
punished as criminals; he avows that he wishes the trial to be held promptly so that he
can get a vindication in court in time to submit it to the Republican State Convention,
before which he is to go as a candidate, for a renomination.. Upon such assertions,
declarations and avowals the defendants offer him the opportunity he says he so much
desires. They are ready to go forward with the trial at once. v .
Governor Gage must bear in mind that his is not the only reputation that is at
stake in this issue. The charges made in his complaint against the proprietor and the
manager of The Call are false and malicious. Had they emanated from any other than a
discredited man, or been published in any other form than a court document/ they
would constitute a valid basis for criminal libel against himself. Having made such
charges he is called upon to meet the issue. If he now shirk a trial he will not
only exhibit a consciousness of the falseness of his charges, but reveal in his make-up a
There is another phasef of the issue that is not to be overlooked. So far as
the statements concerning the frauds at San Quentin affect 'Gage at all, they -affect him
in his official capacity as Governor of California. Even\upon his own allegations, it is not
his private but his official reputation that is at stake. It is therefore a strange proceeding on
his" part to run away from his official residence at Sacramento, where the prison re
ports are on file, and endeavor to get the case heard in a remote town, where it is
doubtful if all the witnesses and documents in the case could be brought until after
months of waiting. : -
Finally, it is to be borne in mind that the issue transcends private interests and
affects the politics and the property, of the State. - The frauds at San Quentin, whose
exposure the Governor -asserts has affected his reputation, are matters that concern all
the people of California. The public, therefore, has a right to demand that a full inves
tigation be made and a full hearing be had before a judicial tribunal. Moreover,, the voters
have a right to demand that the inquiry be made before the'approaching gubernatorial
campaign opens.
The defendants in the case recognize the right of the public^to ; a full knowledge
of all the facts. They are eager for an investigation. They have sought to obtain one
from the start. They urged the State Board of Prison Directors to make, one; and in
'the hope that such would be the case they suspended for a time further publication in
The Call of the facts in the case. It was not until the board showed signs of evading an
inquiry, and the Governor was detected removing public documents and making an in
quiry of his own, secretly, that The Call resumed the task of exposing the frauds. Now
again the defendants come forward asking and demanding a trial.
We repeat then: the issue has\ been made up, the defendants are ready. Is
RING AROUND
THE SUN NOT
PORTENTOUS
NEARS CENTURY
MILE-POST HALE
AND KEEN-EYED
SECURES LARGE
COAL CONTRACT
FROM THE NAVY
THE ISSUE MADE UP:
THE SAN JBANCISCO CALL, TXJESBAYv JTJNE 24, 1902
6
50 SDmEIBERSLEAYIKGTOW FOR THE SUMMER.
Call aaliKcriber* contemplating; n elmnjre of
reftlden.ee- daring the «nmracr months can liste
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
•ddreiBM br notlfrinc The Call Business Office.
Thf> paper Trill also he or. aale at All iniuuier
report* and In represented hy a local affeut in
all tOTvni on the conat.
Established 1823.
That's AH!
i AK.E JOSEPH, Representative, 3 GO Battery. Street, B*a fitoclM.ATTORNEY SUES FOR FEE.— Attorney Al
fred H. Yordi filed a suit for $1500 alleged to
be due for legal services, against Mr. and Mrs.
Eli J. Cote yesterday.
Park and Outdoor Association
San Francisco Branch of American
Advances RapidlyX
Reports made yesterday at the weekly
meeting of the San Francisco branch of
the American Park and Outdoor Associa
tion, held in the rooms of the California
Club, show that much work has been done
of late. The members of the society, who
are workins for the beautincatlon of the
schools and other public buildings of San
Francisco, have chosen three schoolhouses
—the Lafayette, Rincon Grammar and
Mission High— as objects of adornment.
Photographs of these three structures
taken by Professor Michel of the Girla'
High School and plans drawn by. P. S.
Barbour have been sent to W. Manning
and O. C. Simmons of Chicago, who will
make the final designs, which. will be
sent here, to be followed out by the so
society.
Tho society has also formed a commit
tee to locate the most desolate part of
the city, for the purpose of beautifying
and improving the same. The work being
cone is meeting with the approval of the
Mayor, Park Commissioners and 'School
Directors.
Assessor Dodge informed the Board of
Supervisors yesterday that this year's as
sessment roll would aggregate at least
$420,000,000. This will make sure certain
appropriations made for sewer and street
work on the assumption that the roll
would be in excess of $405,000,000. Dodge
filed the following statement:
Gentlemen of the Board of Supervisors: I
appreciate fully the difficulty which your board
has had to contend with, that is: To provide
for a more expensive government under the
charter with a restricted rate of taxation,
namely, the dollar rate. I am aware, If some
others are not, that the appropriations made by
your Honorable Board for running expenses are
practically no greater this year than they have
been for the last two years, and I am aware
ot the fact that you have less available for
public improvements this year, because . you
have no surplus revenue from an increased as
sessment roll to expend for these improvements,
as has* been the case for the last two years.
Knowing these facts, I have endeavored by
every means in my power to assist you In your
financial troubles. • ¦ - ¦ '.
It is with no small degree of pleasure that I
find that 1 can now assure you of a roll of at
least $420,000,000. This is $7,000,000 in excess
ot last year's roll, and will place at your dis
posal at a conservative estimate at least $80,000
more than you have counted on having. I am
enabled to give you this estimate at this early
date, two weeks ahead of the time that it has
ever been possible to make it before, for the
reason that I was allowed by your Honorable
Board this year $t$000 for extra help. Regard
ing this help, I can further say that without it
I would have had no such surplus. This brings
me to the consideration of the same extra ap
propriation for the coming- fiscal year. I I now
ask you, gentlemen, to restore to the budget
this appropriation of $8000, which you made,
and which his Honor has vetoed, with the ex
planation that the money could be provided
later on from the urgent necessity fund if
needed. I know that it is needed, and I know
further that the money may not be in the ur
gent necessity fund later on, and further that'
this fund is not intended to meet such ex
penditures. With this appropriation assured
to me I can promise to give this board the total
of the roll next' year, when you first consider
the budget, several weeks earlier than this date.
You will then have tiie advantage of knowing
what surplus revenue yiu will have available.
This will overcome the embarrassing fact that
you must otherwise fix your appropriation be
fore you know what you have to spend.
Dodge explained that there would be a
possible delinquency of $8,000,000, including'
that of three big corporations, .which
would make an actual collection of taxes
on $412,000,000, giving $70,000 additional for
improvements.
cause they were deemed too -high, and the
clerk was directed to readvertise lor pro
posals. Supervisor Payot wanted the
resolution on the subject sent back to
the Printing Committee, but Supervisor
Wynn objected. .
"The committee has already carefully
considered the bids," said wynn, "and"
we found the prices too high. It did not
desire to present these contractors with a
silver crowbar with which to break into
the city treasury, and we therefore rec
ommended that their bids be rejected." •
BIIXS FINALLY PASSED.
The following ordinances were finally
passed:
- Granting the Santa Fe Railway Company
permission to build at its own expense a steel
drawbridge across Channel street at the foot
ol Third, to cost $70,000.
Requiring the reporting of chicken pox to
the Health Ofnce.
Providing for the full acceptance of Twenty
fourth street, between Castro and Diamond.
Authorizing the Board of Works to expend
$2000 to complete the -construction of the ex
tension of the Army-etreet sewer from San
Bruno avenue to Islais Creek.
. Granting the Commercial Pacific Cable Com
pany a franchise to maintain an underground
conduit from Forty-seventh avenue to its office
building on Market street.
THREE CITY SCHOOLS
SOON TO BE IMPROVED
New Assessment Roll Shows
#420,000,000 and Gives
$70,000 More Revenue
Damage Case Submitted.
The damage suit of Dolbeer and others,
owners of the steam schooner Iaqua,
against the Austrian steamer Maria was
submitted on briefs in the United State3
District Court yesterday. Th^ action was
brought to recovei $50,000 salvage and $440
for damages alleged to .have been sus
tained in a collision. '
Charles E. Vannatta,. superintendent,
regular force and office/boy of the Van
natta Detective Agency, the office of
waich is at 4024 Twenty-third street, is
being sued for divorce by his wife. Van
natta, in his capacity of private detec
tive, had ferreted out evidence that has
assisted many an Ill-mated pair In gain
ing a separation, but he will scarcely
need to search for evidence in this case
In her complaint Mrs. Vannatta
charges her husband with having treated
her with extreme cruelty and with having
threatened her life, besides using vulgar
language in addressing her on several
occasions. But these are not her more
serious accusations. She accuses him of
having deserted her for another wema
and states that that woman is Miss Edith
Plerson, her own sister. She avers that
her husband and Miss Plerson cohabited
in a house on Ellis street, and in several
other localities.
When seen last night Mrs. Vannatta
told a pitiable tale of ill-treatment and
neglect. She said that Vannatta and her
self were wedded in Chicago in 1896 and
that at thatitime he was assistant super
rntendent of the Pinkerton Detective
Agency. For a year they lived happily
together and she invited her sister to
come and share their felicity. It was then
she claims that her troubles commenced.
Her husband became enamored with the
sister's charms and lavished all his affec
tions on her. - :
When Vannatta received the appoint
ment to the office of superintendent of
the Pinkerton Agency , in this city Miss
Edith Plerson was Invited to accompany
him and bis wife here. OC her experience
'.n this city Mrs. Vannatta has the fol
lowing to say:
The past two years has been like a long con
tinued nightmare to me. Both my sister, who
is five years younger than I am, and my hus
band, have treated me most cruelly. < He has
lived with her right in my own house and has
remained locked in a room with her for houw
at a time. I was left at home to do all the
work while he took her to French dinners and
to theaters. For two years I have worn the
same dress, while he dressed her in the height
of style. I was scarcely ever seen with him
on the street, but she was always with him.
Daring this month he told one that he was
going to Santa Cruz on a business trip but I
subsequently learned that he had arranged to
meet my sister there. He hired a room for
her in a hotel and' frequently visited her I
have begged my sister not to come between me
and my husband, but she would not listen to
me. When she went with him to Santa Cruz
she gave up a good position which she held
out in the Western Addition. I promised my
sister that if she would let me have my hus
band I would forgive her. It was only after
I had decided | to commence suit that I wrote
to our mother, telling her what kind of a girl
my sister had turned out to be. My sister has
broken up my home. ,
Vannatta has not been connected with
the Pinkertons since about two years ago
when the agency demanded his resigna
tion. Since that time he has been'con
ducting a private agency aTnd had his of
lice In his residence. .
Wife of Detective Van
natta Is Seeking
Divorce. \
THE Board of Supervisors by a
unanimous vote, as required by
the charter, finally passed the
two ordinances levying a special
tax of IVz cents on every $100 of
assessed valuation for new schoolhouses
and 7% cents for a new City and County
Hospital yesterday. Before action was
taken It was necessary to take a recess of
nearly one hour and a half to give Super
visor Sanderson, who had left his sickbed
to cast his vote, an opportunity to reach
the assembly room.
While waiting for Sanderson several
city officials were heard In regard to the
vetoes of tht yarious items in the budget
When Sanderson arrived he was carried
in a chair from his carriage to his desk,
and without any discussion the first ordi
nance, suspending the dollar limit of . the
charter to the extent of 7% cents to build
a new hospital, was read by title and put
to a vote by the Mayor. The roll was
called at once in order to detain Sander
son as little as possible, as it was plain to
see that he was a very sick man. One
after another the Supervisors answered
"Aye," and Sanderson's rolled out as
strong as the rest of them.
A DRAMATIC SCENE.
The scene was dramatic in the extreirf-e
and all eyes were centered on Sanderson,
who was braving the ordeal In good style,
surrounded by his attendants, who
watched his every move. It was stated
that Sanderson had experienced another
paralytic stroke while on his way to the
City Hall and a recurrence of it was
feared. When he was brought out of it he
was urged to go back home, but he reso
lutely ordered the carriage to drive on so
that he could record his vote in favor of
what he had deemed improvements of ex
treme urgency as contemplated by the
charter. \
No sooner had the Mayor announced
that the ordinance levying an extra tax of
7% cents for a new hospital had been
finally passed than the second ordinance,
imposing air additional' tax of 7^ cents to
purchase sites and to erect new school
houses, was put to a vote. Again the ayes
were told off by each Supervisor, and San
derson, who, during the preliminary skir
mish on both ordinances, had interposed
a mild opposition, voted with his fellows
and new schoolhouses were made a cer
tainty by the final passage of the second
ordinance.
After the result had been announced
Mayor Schmltz advanced to Sanderson
and chatted for a moment with him. In
the meantime Braunhart had taken the
chair and put the Mayor's veto of the va
rious items In the budget to a vote.
HOSPITAL COAX CONTRACTS.
virt«f ? tlon * wa ? ad °P ted requesting the
u . s . st «et railroad companies to in
mfi2 <« +* B , oard of - Supervisors over what
LmrfJ t 5 el C s y s T tems mail carriers in the
employ of the United States Government
and engaged In the actual discharge of
duty are allowed to ride free, as provided
by an act of the Legislature approved
Frfno^L 27 * 3 " ynn 8tated that the
irancnises of the roads reauire that letter
Rn r A^ S v 8 v, ha i l^ de free ' b "t that the Su re
Railway had disregarded the agreement.
™nVr D £ Isc " Bsi ° n over the award of coal
contracts for the City and County. Hospi
« - i» taken up and new ordinances were
passed to print which require Thomas
coal a? tt in"^ 11^ m l° n A of Wellington
?««! *.£ S 10 , per ton; A - c - Campbell. 100
%SZ°n os ' yn at W 6°. and the San Joa
quin Coal Company, 100 tons of Tesla
briquettes at J6 75 per ton
£!? S h an ?» r J ght or tItle to the lands bound-
TwPnA?« 1Ore !i C . hurcn . Twenty-tirst dnd
r\venty-second streets.
1 iw SU T of X 00 . per mor >th from July
1. 1902, was authorized to be paid out of
& e «.3 r ** n? « et:e6slt y f«nd to the State
o? California 1 advertlse tn e resources
BOARD REJECTS BIDS.
?, !i? bi w s receIved furnishing books
to the city government were rejected be-
CLAIMS SISTER
WRECKED HOME
Supervisors Finally Pass the Two Ordinances Suspending Dollar
Limit of Taxation — Sanderson Leaves His Sick Bed in Order
to Make the Vote Unanimous as Required by. the Charter Terms
ADOPT SPECIAL LEVY FOR NEW
HOSPITAL AND SCH00LH0USES
The Board of Supervisors adopted a
resolution yesterday awarding the con
tract for lighting the public streets to the
San Francisco Gas and Electric Company.
The contract secures street lighting: for
321) nights, with the conditions that the
Board of Public Works Bhall designate
during the year the nights when illumina
tion is not required, not to exceed thirty
six In the year. This will insure practi
cally every-night lighting during the fog
gy and winter season, and an extension
of the system to the number of 100 new
gas lights and 50 arc lights. The rates
under this contract will be: For single
gas lamp per night, .087 cents; triple-top
gas lamps per night, 15 cents; arc lights
,per night, 37 cents.
These rates depend upon the increase
of twenty-nine nights lighted over the
old schedule, and will require the original
appropriation of $275,000. The contracts
for lighting the public buildings are not
fully prepared, there being some difficulty
in adjusting the rates upon certain- build
ings in the outside dictricts so as to com
ply with the charter provision restricting
the rates to the minimum charge of other
consumers.
The Mayor appointed Braunhart a
member of the Committee on Charter
Amendments, in place of Brandenstein,
resigned.
The petition of R. J. Curtln, W. I. Rear
dan and G. Varcoe, deputies in the Tax
Collector's office, that their salaries be
paid for a period, of time they were pre
vented from performing their duties, was
denied. •
ST. MARYS PARK FUND.
The ordinance authorizing the payment
of $25,000 out of St. Mary's Park fund to
J. \V. Goldstein and others to satisfy
judgments obtained in the condemnation
of their lands for park purposes was de
feated on final passage. Braunhart gave
notice of reconsideration at the next
meeting.
Ordinances were passed to print provid
ing for amendments to the charter pro
vision regarding the method to be fol
lowed in the acquisition of public utilities
or bonded improvements, so that all such
utilities or improvements may be submit
ted to the people at one election. One
amendment provides that in securing es
timates of the cost of original construc
tion of water works the Supervisors must
procure plans and estimates of the cost*
of obtaining from such sources as they
may designate as available a sufficient
supply of pure water for the city. Plans
and estimates of public utilities, these
, ordinances provide, shall be procured
only when the Supervisors determine to
acquire the same or when the electors
petition for the acquisition thereof, in
stead of overy two years, as now required
by the charter.
The San Francisco Retail Merchants'
Association submitted the draft of an or
dinance fixing the license to be paid by
drugstores where spirituous liquors are
sold at 52 per annum. It was referred to
j the License Committee.
CHARITY NOT TO BENEFIT.
The resolution requiring the payment of
55O00 to some charity by the club bring
ing: off the Jeffries-Fitzslmmons contest
\cas indefinitely postponed.
Connor objected to having money given
to charity through a boxing contest. He
contended that the club was giving up
enough as it was.
"Suppose one of these men should kill
the other, no charitable organization
would take the money," said Connor.
"There is no telling but we will have to
stop all these boxing contests at some
time, especially if any murder should re
sult."
Brandenstein held that the proper way
would be to increase the tax for boxing
contests to $5000 to help run the city gov
ernment.
The City Attorney was requested to
give his opinion as to whether the city
Street Lighting Contract Is
Awarded, Ordinances Pro
viding Amendments Passed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, JIJNE 24, 1902.
7
LESSEES
SAS FR4KCISC0 AMJ H03T1 PASirli
RAILWAY COMPANY. -
Tibnron Ferry, Foot of Market SC
CILIfOfiNIA NORTHWESTEHiN SI. CJ
Trains leave and are due to arrive aC
sAN JTICA.N CISCO.
(M»la Line, tool of Market Street )
i.k A t« — From Jvsx JJ. 1302. — ar«it»
7.00a Benlcl*. Sulaun, Elmlr* ind Sacra-
mento 6.55.*
7.00x VacsvlHe. Winters. Rumser 7.55P
7.30a J[»rclnez. S»a Uamon. Vtliejo,
Ntpa, CalUtuga. Santa noun 6-25*
8C0.V DavU. Wootlliii.a. KnUhti Lauding.
Mar) «v Hie. Orovllle 755?
8.00a Atl»atlcExpres»— O3<len«ndEu»t. 8.25a
8.00a X!le«, Lathrop. StocKton 725*
8.00a Ml«, Meu.U.ca. Haaford, VtsaiU,
FurtervIIlo 4G5»
8.30a Sh«»U Eir»re««— Davl*. 'William*
(for Bartlett Sprlus*). AVUlow*.
Ked Bluff. Portland 7.55*
8.30a Saq Juae, Llvermore. Stockton.
lune. Sncrsm«nto. PlnccrvlUe.
Maryivllle, Chico. lied Bluff 4.25?
8.30a Oak<Ule.Chine*e,£uaora,Tuolumae 4.25'
9.00a Valleio 12.25?
8. CO* Lo* Aagele* Kxpress — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
K«y mond, F rcsco and Lo« Auseles 8.25*
9.30a Vallejo, Martinez «a<l Way Stations 765»
10.00a Idtyward. Nlles anil Way Station*. t12.65»
10.00a The Overlanu Limited — Ogdon»
Denver. Oinsha. Chicago 5.25»
tVOOr Sacraiuentn Utver Suamrri tii-OOV
S.OOp Benlciu. Winters. • Sacramento.
Woodland, Williams. Wlltow*,
Knlsbts LanUtns. MarysvUle.
OroTllle .' 10.55a
3.30J* Harvard. Nllei and W»y Stations.. . 7 65*
4.03P Martlne2,San Ramon.Valltfjo,N<ip»,
C»U»tog». Santa Rosa 925a
4.00f Nile*. LUennore. Stoctton. Lortl.. 12.25?
4.30P Haywanl,N r i;eii,San.Jo3e.Llveruioro 18. 56a
430p The Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
BakeriSeld, Sausua for. S.inta
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55*
5.00P Port Cos ta.Tracy.Lathrop. Stockton 10-25*
600p Martlnex. Antioch. Stocktou. Mer-
ced. Raymond, Fresno 1 225f
5.30r Mies Local. ...v 7.25*
6.00p Hayward.XIIes and San Jose 7.55*
e.COi" Vallejo 11.25*
6.00P Orlenwl Mall — Ogden, Denver. -
Omaha, St. Louis. Cnlcapu 4-25F
7-DOp Saa Pablo. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Stations 11.25*
J7.00P Vallejo 755*
805r Oregon A CalKornU Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. lieddtng.
Portland, Pucet Sound anJ East. 8£5a
19.1 Or Hayward and Xlle« J11.55*
COAST LINE Oarroir ti«ii«ej.
(Foot of Market Street.)
- J7.45* Santa Crnz Excursion J3.05#
8.15* Newark, Ceaterrllte. San Jose,
Felton, Boulder Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50»
t2.15r Newark, CenterTllle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Felton. Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50*
4.1 5r Newark. San Jos»». Lo« Gatoi tS.5O*
*4.15p San .lose. Los Gato*. Sa-vta Crn^... r$.S0 «..
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KK AX CISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip S)
— fi:U 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3 00 5.15 h.x.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — +«:(X) £5:C«
t8:05 10:00 a.m. 12 00 2-00 4.00 f.m.
COAST LINE (Broart Uau^e).^
(Third and Towiisend Streets.)
6.1 Ov San Jose and'^ay Stations GZOr
+700* San Jose and Way Stations 730r
/7J)0a New Almaden
;7-15a Monterey Excursion 48.30V
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose.
Gt!roy,Ho(llster,SaIInax.San Lut 9
Oblspo. Sunta Birbara. Los Ange-
les and Principal Intermediate
Stations 10-45*
8.00a Saa Jose. Tres Plnos, Santa Crnz.
Pacific Grove, Saiinas. Stn Luis
Oblspo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations ' 4.10»
10.30A'S*n Jose and Way Stations 8-3S*
11.30a San Jose,Los6«tosand Way Stations 5-30?
aV30r San Jose and Way Station* a7DHf
t2.00r Saa Jose and Way .Stations t8-00*
t3.00r Del Monte Express— Only a»ps San
Jose :.: t1201»
3-30r San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
.Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres
Plnos. Santa Cruz, Salinas. Del
Monte, Monterey and PaclSc
Grove 10.45a
4-30p San Jose and PrtnclpalWay Station* 1-30r
t5-0Qp San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Station* M).QO* .
5.30p San Jo<e and Principal Way Stations 10.00*
tS-15P San Mateo. Belmont. Redwood,
. Menlo Park. Palo Alto t6.46*
' 6.30i% Saa Jose and Way Stations 6.38a
7.00r New Orleans Express— San Luis
y OMspo, Santa Bartiarv Lot An-
(re lea, Detninz. El Paso, New
Orleans and East 10-15*
»11.4S? Palo Alto and Way Stations t9.45*
•11.45P San Jose and Way Stations «9-45j^
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday on'.;'. c Monday only.
•> Saturday and .f Tuesday and. Friday.
Sunday only^ » Dally except Satnrday^
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SAX FIT AS CISCO TO SAS 'RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 0:00. 11:00 a.-m.; l:J:U3.
3:30. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
1:60 and 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05, 7:33. 7:50. 9:20. 11:13
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:40, 11:15 a._m.; 1:10, a:40,
4:55. 5: OS, 6:25 p. m. '
Leave "I In Effect [ Arrive
San Francisco] May 4, 1002. |San Franciaca
Week I Sun- | , Destin- J Sun- I Week
Days.) days. | , tlon. | days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a Ignaclo 9:10 a! 8:40*
3:30 p 9:30 a and 10:40 a[ 8:40%
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p! «:20 p
¦ . 7:35 p|. .
7:30 a 8:00 a Petalyma 10:40 a 8:4O»
3:30 p 9:30 a and " 6:05 p 10:20 »
6:10 P 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 6:20 p
v ~~ Fulton I
7:30 a Windsor ' 10:20 %
V 6:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservllla
3:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdale 7:35 p| 6:20 9
"V-30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 »
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah" j 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WlUlta \ 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Guernevlile I 7:35 p|10:20 a
3:30 pf fl:COp| 1 10:40 a| 6:20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al -Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 %
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen [ 6:05 p[ 6:20 p
7-30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a!10:20 t>
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weit
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at FUltoa
lor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdalo
for the Geysers and Booneville; at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kel.ieyville,
Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Spring3,
Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel DaU
Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot*
ter Valley, John Day'e. Riverside. Lierley'^
Bucknell's. San Hedrin Heights. Hull vi lie. Orr'»
Hot Springs, Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fcrt Bragic.
Westport Usal; at Wllllts for Sherwood. Caht:\
Covelo Laytonville, Cummlng*. Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer, Pepperwood, Sc-utla «a4
Eureka.
Saturday to Monday rcund-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays^ — Round-trip tickets to all points
¦ beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 050 Market St., Chronicle build*
\nz.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pa9s. Agt
ADVERTISEMENTS.
To keep the skin clean
is to wash the execretions
.from it off ; the skin takes
care of itself inside, if not
blocked outside.
To wash it often and
clean, without doing any
sort of violence to it re-
quires a most gentle soap,
a soap with no free alkali
in it.
Pears', the soap that
clears but not excoriates.
Sold alloyer the world.
For Stomach Disorders*
. Gout and Dyspepsia
CRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalmej Watcn
220 BROADWAY. N. T.
d visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
OF AHATOMrl
Y Z$ 1051I£A2ZET:T.fc3i.6-Jii7ih,3.r.Cil. 1
\ iHrT •, Tbe L*'?"* Anatomical Museum in the \
9 )T«fei» wond. We»kne«ses or any contracted A
0* tPK? ?<i"«.P«»» i »«»''«y«-«r*d!,y t heoldeit f
® /eL§3 I ipenali&t on the Coast,/ Est. 36 years. ©
4 fljaqf g DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ V vRiLDa Consultation free and stiirtly private \
W B Jt*« H T""*"""' personally or by litter. A A
\ K IF «S />M * ttr * Ow in erery ease undertaken. T
mVil 110 w rite for Book. PBILOSUPnYof A
'II II "»BBIACE, MAILED FREE. (AT
A H (£¦ valuable book (or turn) \
r Da. JORDAN & CO.. 1051 Market St.. 8. F. Q
p<rj(or»A Desirable location.
I uidvw unsurpassed cuisine,
un equaled ser-
'Jfl/1 ce ? nc * modern
dill! conveniences are the
attributes that have
61 vrt n A niade tliese tvvo ho "
liTuIiU ' e!s Popular with
tourists and travel-
Hotels £n# Tisit San
J2 AMUSEMENTS.
bULUmDIA LEAOIKQ 1HEATEE
Powell street, near Market.
EVERT NIGHT. EXCEPT SUNDAY.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
Henry Miller, Margaret Anglin
And a Special Company, In Arthur "W. Plnero'a
lour-act comedy.
The Gay Lord Quex
After Its successful run of
400 NIGHTS IN LONDON.
NOTE!— During the Miller- Anglin season the
matinees will commence at 2 o'clock sharp.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
| &SSff£iT. Thursday— 25c, 50g, |
Last Week or
MR. JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY
Presenting the Funny Farce,
?'NIOBE."
SEATS READY.
XEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
Supported by the strongest company ever organ-
ized for the classic and romantic drama.
Presenting on an Elaborate Scale,
"FRANCBSCA DA RIMINI."
SEATS THURSDAY. '
A VAUDEVILLE BREEZE!
Hallen and Fuller; Mr. and Mrs.
Waterous; Sisson and Stewart;
Dave Lewis; Eleanor Falk and Her
CLorus of 10 Pretty Girls; Bedini
and Arthur; Loris and Altina;
Swan and Bamberg, and the Bio-
graph.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box eeats
and opera chairs, 50c.
Market Street. Near Eiehth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Thrilling Melodrama which Sensationalized
Greater New York, THE
ROAD
TO RUIN.
See the Great Underground Railway Scene.
The Sensation of the Season.
I DircC Evenings 10c to 50a
1 IUWC J Matinees 10c, 15c 23c
Next Week— "SINS OF THE NIGHT."
AI"""™ ~~~"* The Alcazar is far too
Tin small to accommodate "The
I I f* Zaza" throngs. Reserve
III your Eeats two weeks ahead
1 If you desire a choice.
TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY.
. In David Belasco's Great Play,
Scats now selling for MATINEE FRIDVT
JULY 4. * "
Evenings at 8 sharp.
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp.
ANOTHER GREAT BIG HIT,
"AND THAT IS NO FAIRY TALE."
THE
IDOL'S EYE
"HOOT MON."
A "WORLD OF MIRTH AND MUSIC.
NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
POPULAR PRICES— 25e, 50c. 75c
Telephone Bush 0.
MATTNEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
EVERY EVENING THIS tVEEK.
MAUDE FEALY
EDWARD MORGAN
In an Elaborate Production of
The Two Orphans.
The Greatest Melodrama Ever Written,
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c. 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c
—NEXT WEEK—
Maude Fealy and Edward Morgan In "FAUST."
FiSCher's Theater.
Will You This Is
Remember? Your
LAST CHANCE TO SEE
FIDDLE DEE DEE
In «plte of demands. 1 —
Next Monday Night •
"POUESE CAFE."
"ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA" and
"A ROYAL FAMILY."
Will be the great .
Triple bill for the second
Weber and Field's Entertainment -
Seats on sale Thursday next ~
Fo£itive!y no advance _
In our popular prices. —
«;ome among the first — —
To see our surprises next week. — ¦ — .
s chutes]
MODERN VAUDEVILLE LVER* AFTERNOON
AND EVENING.
TWIN RISTERS MEREDITH; TWO LITTLK
PUCKS; WEBBER AND ELLIOTT; NEL-
LIE MONTGOMERY; KELLY AND KENT-
MURPHY AND SLATER. AND NEW
MOVING PICTURES.
Daily end Nightly! -Don't Fail to Sea
Hardy Downing Loop the Loop
And JUIE. SCHELL'S PERFORMING LIONS.
Ihursday right — Arasteur Lirinj Pictures;
Admission 10c Children .5s
Phone for Stats— Park 23. •
SUTRO B/\THS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. zn. to II p. ra.
IJathing- frcm 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMIEISON 10c. CHILDREN 5c. • |
Dathir.j including admission 25c. Children, 20c.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per Year.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leaw Via Sausalito Ferry Xfrvve
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
PBiliiPllil
9:30a. 8:00 a. ,^» «tur.i»s inn. » Mi> li:l0P. %}o\.
l:«p 9:00a. 4 .». bitW .«i. *.*,-«» W5»-
~ i:»p" "T»oi0naan?«- l]$or....Zl
...?"". 2:30 V. Qimi\ih»jwi*M**. 8:15 P -~
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Tla Sausall to Ferry,
Commencing April 'Si, 1W2.
FROM SAN F-KANC1SCO TO MILL VALLSTt
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 8:45, *7:45, S:40. 0:30. 11:00
a. m., 12:20. *1:«, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. »C:15,
«:45 9:45. 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley. ,'.
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00, »9:C0. •10:C0, 11:00.
11:30 a. m.. 12:30. '1:30. 2:30. »3:45. 5:U0. ti:0O,
7:3O, J»:40. 11:43 p» m.
- Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. »6:20. 7:40. 8:13. *9::jti.
ll:C0 a. m., 12:25, 2:15. *3:30, 4:40, 5:U0, c:43,
10*15 n. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:C0. «i:CO. 0:30. •11:00 a . "m..
•12 :CO m.. 1:00. 2:15. 'U^O. 4:15. »5:40. 6:45.
7:30, 10:15 p. m.
Trains marked (•) start from 5an Quentin.
FROM MILL. VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45. S:25.^y:45.
11:10 a. m.. 12:33, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20. *:10,
10:15 o. m -
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:53, 10:05. ll:rt> a. m..
12:15. 1:20, 2:30, 3:43, 5:00. tS:C3, 7:15. 10:4<»
P " m " THROUGH TRAINS.
' 7:45 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations.
3:13 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tion*. «
S:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays* excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
/ 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
v 10:00 a. ra. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran oa
Sunday time. -
BAILWAY TBAVEIu
ADVEBTISEMENTS. n _ ¦ " ; : _
I Some unscrupulous dealers around I
I town have been telling our customers |
I that there is not a "Genuine" Richmond |
I Range in San Franeisco, and that Our |
I Richmond Range never saw Norwich,* I
I Connecticut. |
I There is $500 in hard coin waiting for |
¦ them or any one else who can show a |
I Richmond Range sold by the Sterling 1
I Furniture Company for which we cannot |
I showashipping bill from Norwich, Conn., |
I and also a bilTfrom the Richmond Range |
1 Go. of Norwich, Conn.— and the bills are 1
I marked "paid," too. |
I If you take notice they dwell on the I
I word "genuine"— a frank admission of I
J superiority. ' |
We Sell I
I For $5 Down and $i a Week |
And we are so confident of their supe- I
riority that we return your money, every I
cent, if you are dissatisfied. I
Andso dead sure of their genuineness |
that on second consideration we'll raise 1
that five hundred dollars to live thousand |
dollars.
| Yes, we stand ready to forfeit five
thousand dollars if Our Richmond Ranges
are not the' genuine old simon pure Rich-
mond Rangesfrorn Norwich, Connecticut.
FURNITURE COMPANY,
1039 Market St., Opposite McAllister. I
KAHWAY TB A VEL.
. - r . . t - . -,.-,,-.- :.-, .,-.- . - -^ --¦ -' -
the RocKies l™ 1^
if you go east via Denver and tfie Burlington
Route. Their snow-capped peaks are visible
f almost all the way from Salt Lake City to Den-
ver. For 700 miles the grand panorama of the
Rockies is unrolled before your^eyes.
Through sleepers, San Francisco to Chicago daily.
Through tourist sleepers, three times a week. Omaha,
Chicago, Kansas City. St. Louis— EVERYWHERE east.
W. D. SANBORN, Genera! Agent 631 Market Street, San Francisco, California.
¦{ ¦ Tht v\ HUE. PASS AMD t S&fltB Fe
YUKON ROUTE' nrV "
' Shortest and quickest route to At- ' § I* £1111^ Hnlltr
lln, Bljur Salmon, White Horse. 7 Jl 1 «lllO — Uaily.
Hootalinqun, Stewart River, f Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
' Klondike, Koynknk and Yn- " [ Llm'd I |
: * kon Mining: DiMtrlctM. ? Local Mon&| Local Ov'rl'd
ONLY DIRECT LijNfi TOD A WSON Daily Thurs | Daily Daily
"; TEX DAYS SAN FRANCISCO TO _^^- j
' DAWSOJT. x Lv San Pran 9:00a 9:00a 4:20p 8:00p
• For full Information apply to "/ Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a| 7:1S p 11:15 p
1 J. FRANCIS LEE, S. P. BROWN. ';" " Merced... 2::Sp 1:17 p 1:30a
1 Traffic Mgr., Seat- Gen. - Agent. 53C " Fresno... 4:10p 2:3j p .1:1» a
1 tie, "Wash.: Skag- Market St., San < " Hanford.. 6:08p 3:2i p 2 : ££ a
. .-w Alaska. -FMttl^- , j \\ Vi£.«a... 5:38p £^ ...... B:00a
, •' KanCity. ...C. j 2::tl a 8:02a
" Chicago |2:15p 8:47p
3"! ffiwfrm rare v% 0 BUr gr- \ <J; C° a - m - D a ily is Bakersfleld Local,
W »«TOS? **1 fSP^Jv- B Mi ] &3S stopping at all points in San Joaquln Val-
!;1 rj$fiS I y'i4 fflatL—rk ley " Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
"< Bvlifiwf \^^I3 S& @ K^f" S i):(K) a. m. Mondays and Thursdays 1« the
l«Sn M^^ ' law BL-J^bra^y California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
£ W^M g!Z\ ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chl-
'3 I_-«&T^b?^5wiVl!WM® «!%§!« caBO. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
¦ - I «BS^p«H^SK|S« KW&J&RJtte^M&JSf I accommodation of local first-class passen-
'. gers. No second-class tickets are honored
» — Wl. ,-JLtm ' —I wnln m^WTxnJL t - on this train. CorrespondSnff train arrives
®.J? Ol tism vm ™ fel at 11:1 ° p- ra< Tuesda >' a n ( i Friday.
y _~i| E3 !&^3 <%& jhI » iW^^^^ ing train arrives at ll'lOO a. m, dally.
iiCS?^g^3^'SiS^^«r^^!^Sv-v^^& S:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
'^fMi^SS^^^S^sS&^^ through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
'*™ir? -J\ * *l^ar^£AjBMfiBglffi * -'^I'^T^f Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
?^^^^^^^*^A3H ! K5»34iaa!%223cii2y Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Freano
.- '" : : Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m".
hR HAI r'SRFlNYlftORATflttSIQfiffJfe a o?flces— «1 Market' street and In Ferry
DA-11ALL ttc | n < l i^ uaAi va%^}9^% Depot. San Francisco; 1112 groadway
btops all losses in 24 hours. Five *Y«S cfc! S«$5 Oakland.
hundred reward for any case we tgeiai fcs5ft\ ,
cannot curu. This secret rem- m ,.— — — 1—^ . ,,
edy cures Emissions, lmpotency, job rswa _^ ,^
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet, *£$ S^M "1 I / "P\TA I / T \7 l~\ 1 T T
Strictures, Drains.- Lost Man- •Uj i*iL 1 (I / I 1 I j 1/ I - «/ ¦ ill I
hood and all other wasting ef- E*g OT II H H H I I 11 II
fects of self-abuse or excesses. RSSzr'siJ? 5 ¦¦ I .1 .11 I , I II HI I
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 bottles. $5; guaranteed 1 I iJ LJ AJlU A \J ±LU ±J
to cure any case. 1 Call or address orderj • •**
HALL-S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad- ~ :
way. Oakland, Cal. Also for -sale at 10T3J4 Kl T\e*r* V r <=»c»T»
Market it. 6. F. Send ror Ireo book, * v ?" w «PI pCP ICUr.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
NoTime to Lose
You cannot afford to disregard
the warnings of a weak and
diseased heart and put off tak-
ing the' prescription of the
world.'s greatest authority on
heart arid nervous disorders—
MHeV Heart Cure.
If your heart palpitates, flutters,
or you are short of breath, have
smothering spells, pain in left
side, shoulder or arm, you have
heart trouble and are liable to
drop dead any moment. "
Major J. W. Woodcock, one of the
best known oil operators In the coun-
try dropped dead from heart disease
recently, at his home In Portland, Ind..
while mowing his lawn.— The Prt&s.
Mrs. M. A. Birdsall, Watkins, N.'Y^
whose portrait heads this advertise-
ment, says: "I write this through grat-
itude for benefits " I received from Dr."
Miles' Heart Cure. I had palpitation
of the heart, severe pains under the
left shoulder,' and my general health
was miserable. * A" few Dottles of Dr.
Miles'Heart Cure cured me entirely.
Sold by al] Druggists.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days.... — . 4 8G^
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88 Va
Sterling Cables — 4 89 Vj
New York Exchange, sight 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 17V;
I Silver, per ounce — 62?i
! Mexican Dollars; nominal — . 45Vs
; Wheat and Other Grains.
WHKAT — The foreign markets were steady
to firm, but futures at both Liverpool and Paris
were, lower. The world's shipments for the
week were as .f 0II0W3, in quarters : ' j Russian,
242,000; Danublan. 71,000; Argentine, ""107,000;
Indian. 47,000. The American visible supply
decreased 2,535,000 bushels.
There was nothing new from Chicago, e.xcept
that the Southwest was buying. ••
The San Francisco market opened lower on
call, but immediately recovered. '¦ Shipping
grades were firm.' It was reported that a'num
ber of San Francisco houses had buyers in the
country, picking up large lines at higher prices
than are quoted for epot Wheat In this mar
ket. ' Some of these houses. It Is said, are pay
irg a* high as $1 15 for No. 1, though this
price /is of course paid in a speculative way.
Milling descriptions rule firm at previous quo
tations.' .
Spot . wheat— Shipping, $1 12& ; milling,
$1 15@1 17 Vi Per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 0:15 o'clock — December —
S000 ctls. $1 13%. i
I Second Session — December — 2000 ctls. $1 14*4;
I 4000. $1.14%; 2000. $1 14%; 10,000..$1 141^.
1 Regular Morning Session — December — 2000
ctls, $1 14V6;"60GO, $1 14%; 2000. $1.14"4i
Afternoon -Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$1 13%. May— 2000, $1-16*4.
BARLEY— Prices for the spct grain remain
ed, practically unchanged yesterday, but it-was
reported that a number of houses had "buyers
out in the country purchasing brewing and
shipping Iot3 and paying as high : as $i. Port
Costa delivery, thongh this business Is said to
be largely speculative. Offerings here. continue
moderate and the market rules steady. Trad
ing in futures Is dull. • •
New Feed, 92V4@05c; old Feed, 95@07"^c;
brewing, 9714 @9S"-4c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked
for standard. .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock — December—
2000 ctls. 83%c. . '- -.
Second Session — No sales. • .
Regular Morning Session— December— 2C00
ctls. 84c.
Afternoon Session — No sales. •
OATS — Chicago continues to report-an urgent
demand for cash Oats, and "the wet. weather is
affecting the market. Many thousands of acres
arc under water and from a number, of States
comes complaints of. excessive rains, which are
injuring the crop. A. wire from Des Moines,
Iowa, yesterday, said: "These rains will have
to let up or it is good-by oats.' .." ¦
The San Francisco markets were quiet 'and
HOTEIi ABBIVAU3L
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, JUNE 23.
Flour, qr sks... 5,39."i .Leather, rolls .. «4
Wheat, ctls 4,600 Tallow, ctls ... 70
Barley, ctls 10,100 Quicksilver, flsk ' lOfl
Oats, ctls .. 3.195 1 Wool, bales ... 750
Corn, ctls 200 Middlings, sks.. 10C
Beans, sks .... 410 Bran, sks 430
Rye. ctls 400 Hay. tons Z8l
Potatoes, sks .. 1.762 Straw, tons ... 19
Onions, sks .... 1,145 'Lime, bbls .. 3ftt
Pelts, bdls 179 Raisins, bxs ... 500
Hides, No 310 Wine, gals 41500
Sugar, ctls .... 2.52S ' .
OREGON.
Oats, ctls ¦' 3S0/Wool. bales .... 7
CHICAGO. Jure - 23. — Grain bears were !
caught in a traa and were squeezed to the j
good profit of the bulls. Clearing weather In.
the wheat fields, as shown by the weather map
at the opening, augmented by lower cables, In
duced liberal early liquidation and short selling
of wheat. After last week's bullish arguments
on 'wet weather, followed by Saturday's break,
the bears thought the prices were much too
high for the fair, warm weather they had In
their mind for the harvests. The excitement
over wheat scarcity abroad seemed to have '
subsided and this gave the bears encourage
ment. Bulls who had paper profits that were <
threatened hastened to take them. As a result
July opened %@?ic to y 3 @%c down at 72%©>
73c. There were a few early bullish statistics
that were lost Bight of for a time, but soon the
crowd perceived that the pit was oversold.
Big increases, in stocks frightened the shorts
and the rest of the day the trade v/as busy
pushing prices up as the shorts cried for cover.
July worked up rapidly to 74V4@74%c with ap
parent ease. Buying was general. There was
a little dip from top prices on profit-taking,
but July closed strong, %c up at 74yi<g>74%c.
Corn was very nervous all day. Early in
the day there was marked artificial strength In
July options, caused by arbitrary high bids by
the bull leaders without considerable pur
chases. Fluctuations were /erratic. Too much
rain and cold weather has ben a bullish
factor in corn of late aiid in some sections of
the corn belt, especially in Iowa, these condl- '
tlons now prevail to some extent. In other
sections, however, crops are said to be in good
condition. July closed l%c up at C7c
Oats were strengthened by the advances Jn i
the other grains and by their own cash situa
tion. July closed firm, i,4c up, at 40%c.
Provisions again made top prices for the
year. Hogs sold at $7 85 at the yards, also the
year's record. Packers now hold almost every
thing in the pork list and yield up vnry little
of it. This condition naturally brought sharp
advances. July pork closed 32*Ac up. lard" 15c
up and ribs 12"4c higher. The cash demand
held up fairly well, but there seemed still to
be a strong manipulative aspect to the pit.
The leading futures ranged as follows:".
Articles— . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — •
July 73"* 74"4 72'4 74%
September 71% 72% .71% ' 72*1
December 72%.. 73% 72"V 73'4
Corn No. 2 — ,
July 67'i 6"*V- 66 67
September . . : . . 59% 60 58% . 59T'
December. 45% 46Vi 45"i 46
Oats No. 2 — 1
July (old) 36% 37V4 36% 37
July (new) 40 41 40 40%
September (old) 2fi% 29%- 28% 29U
Sept. (new) ; 31*4. 32^4 3li5 32
December- (new) 31% 32Vi 31 y a .31%
Mess Pork, per bbl— , *
July- ..18 00 18 25 18 00 18 25
September .....IS 25 18 50 18 25 18 60
Lard- r>er 100 lbs —
July 10 55 10 70 10 55 10 C5
September .....10 60 10 75 10 60 10 70
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— .
July ...10 H2U, 10 90 If) 82!4 10 90
September ..... 10 70 10 S2W 1 0 70 . - 10 80
Cash quotations were as j follows: - Flour,
steady: No. 3. spring wheat, 74"4©75"4c; No. 2
red, 80@81c; No.' 2 yellow corn, 66&c; No. 2
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Receipts of : Longworth Strawberries were
light, but most of the offerings were sunburned
and sold slowly. Mallndas were In free supply
and cleaned up well at easier prices. Black
berries In chests were weakened by the heavy
receipts of crates from Loomls. - A few chests
of Currants were sold below the quotations, but
most of the offerings commanded full figures.
Raspberries and Gooseberries met with prompt
sale.
Cherries were easier and the bulk of loose
stock went to the canners. The receipts from
the river consisted chiefly of poor stock which
sold at the bottom quotations.
There was a steady Inquiry for choice de
ciduous fruits, but the receipts of green stock
were very large and the market continued
dull. Only good ripe stock sold well.
Figs from Vlsalla in 6-lb drawers sold for
$1 70, and the one-pound boxes brought 40c
each. Grapes and Melons were offering freely
at easy prices. ¦
Oranges were decidedly weaker owing to the
increasing competition of deciduous fruits, but
Lemons were firm under a steady demand' and
Hght supplies.' The last auction sale of the
season was held yesterday, when one car of
Oranges and a car of Lemons were sold at the
following prices: Valencia Oranges, $2@3 for
fancy and $1 50@2 50 for choice; Lemons, $1 75
@2 75 for fancy and $1@2 40 for choice
STRAWBERRIES— $5@0 for Longworths and
$3@4i for Mallndas.
RASPBERRIES— $6@9 per chest; crates 90c
@$1.
LOGANBERRIES— $2 50@4 per chest.
BLACKBERRIES — $5@6 per chest; in crates
40® 50c. . ¦ : '
GOOSEBERRIES — 25@30c per drawer
CURRANTS— $3@4 50 per chest.
PLUMS— Clyman, 30@40c per box and 40®
60c per crate; baskets, 25c: Cherry Plums. -25c
@35c per drawer and 40@50c In larger packages
APRICOTS— 30@50c per box and 40@65c per
crate; In baskets, 20©40c: bulk boxes, 60@75c
! APPLES — Green./ 25@36q per box and 20©
40c per basket; large boxes, 50c@$l.
PEARS— Madeline, 20@S0c for small boxes
baskets. 15@25c: large boxes, 50@75c. "
PEACHES — 35@50c per box and 35@50c per
basket. . ¦ ¦
CHERRIES— White, 25@40c per box; in bulk
2@3c; Black. 25@o0c per box and 2@3U C iii
bulk; cartons from San Jose, 60@75c; Royal
Annes, 40@J5c per box and 3@Gc In bulk; Car
tons from San Jose, ?1.
MELONS — Cantaloupes, from Yuma, $1 50(»2
per crate: from Indlo. $2@3 50 per crate; water
melons from- Indlo, 20@25c each. '.
• GRAPES — Thompson's Seedless from Indlo
$175@2..rer crate; from Yuma, $1 50@2 per
crate. . ' • '.' . . /
CITRUS FRUITS— Seedlings, $1®2; Mediter
ranean Sweets, $1@2 50; St. Michaels, $Kg"3; Va- ;
lenclas, $1 25@3 50; Tangerines, $1 50 In half
boxes; Lemons, $1 75®4; Grape Fruit. $2@3 50;
Mexican Limes, $5@5 50; Bananas, $150*12 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 25<J?2 for Hawai
ian; Pineapples, pi 5O@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins. .
There is nothing' new to report In this mar
ket: 1 ,
¦FRUITS — New Apricots, future delivery, 6@
79ic; old Apricots. 8"*i@9c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples. 12<gl2"£c; sun dried, 6@7c;
; P«aches, HHiRSU per lb.^ - *
- PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as f ollow3 :
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Eggs continued weak yesterday, though the i
arrivals were the lightest for a long time, fall- j
ing under 1000 cases. Stocks were lighter, owl |
ing, as already mentioned, to the decreasing !
receipts and the recent storing of the accum
ulated surplus. Some dealers quoted ISc as i
their highest Iprice, but the majority saw no
change from last week. The tendency is still
to sell, however. The market continues of a
midsummer character, or in other words, dull.
Butter opened the week at the closing quota
tions of the preceding week, with ample sup
plies on hand. There was no new feature vis
ible. The same rermarks apply to Cheese. '
Receipts were 61.000 pounds, 353 cubes and
36 kegs of Butter, 23,400 lbs of Eastern Butter,
903 cases of Eggs, . cases of Eastern Eggs,
11,870 pounds of California Cheese and 6720
pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BETTER — Creamery, 20@21c per pound, for
fancy, 19*4c for firsts and 19c for seconds;
dairy. 17@19V4c; stores Butter, 14@16c per
pound.
CHEESE — New, 9@10c; «M, nominal; Young
America, 10@10H'C: Eastern 13@15c per lb.
• EGGS-r-Ranch, 18%(519o for fancy, 17@18c
for good and l«i"4c for fair; store, 15@16*4c per
dozen; Eastern Eggs, nominal.
oats. V 42*6@44*4c; No. 2 white, 49@49*£c: No. 3
white, 4M3@50c; No. 2 rye, "59@60c: fair to
choice malting barley (i8@70c; No. 1-fiax seed,
$1 55; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 74;. prime timo
thy seed, $5 S5@5 00; mess pork, per bb!,
$18 25@18 :i0; lard, per 100 lbs, $10 bU; short
ribs slues > (loose), $10 85@10 Do; ¦ dry salted
shoulders' (boxed), S%@.S%c; short clear sides
(boxed), $10 U0@ll; whisky, basis of \ high
wines, $1 30; clover, contract grade; $S 35.
Articles — ' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls. ...'......; 17,000 . 7,000
Wheat, bu. 31,000 .245,000
Corn. bu.. 205,000 154,000
Oats, bu 249,000 . 286,000
Rye. bu..; 1,000 '
Barley, . bu 12,000 3,000
On the Produce . Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creameries, 18@22c; dai
ries. 17V2@19V4c; cheese, firm,- l(X&llc; eggs,
firm, fresh 16c.
Foreign Futures.
# — 1 ¦*
LIVERPOOL. .
Wheat— - . . July. i Sept.
Opening 5 lUg 6 2*-s
Closing '. ; 5 10% C 1»4
:; ' "~ . PARIS. .
Wheat— . . July. Sept. -Dec.
Opening /......... 23 85 2135
Closing ,....". ...23 90 2125
¦ Flour — .... ,
Opening ; 31 15 2S 20
Closing -. 3i is 28 15
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, June 23.— CATTLE— Receipts.
16,500, including 2000 .Texans. Market active,
10c to 15c higher. Good to prime steers, $7 60
@8 25; poor to medium, $4 75@7 50; stockers
and feeders, $2 50@5; cows, $1 40@5 75; heU
ers, $2 50@6 60; 'canners' $1 40@2 50; bulls.
$2 25@5. 75; heifers. $2 50@«'; Texas-ted steers.
$1<b7 05. ' \ .
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, 37,000; to-mor
row. 25,000; left over, .5000; market 5c to 10c
higher. Mixed and butchers', $7 35@7 75; good
to choice "heavy, $7 70@7 85; rough heavy,
fi *;£® 7 e0; lisht - *T10@7 45; bulk of sales,
$7 40&7 75. ¦ ...
SHEEP— Receipts, 20.000; market for sheep
10c to 15c lower; grass Westerns, ,20c to 30c
lower; lambs, best , spring, steady. Good to
choice wethers. $4®4 75; fair to choice mixed,
$3 <3@4 50; Western sheep $2 50@4 75; native
lambs, clipped. $5ffi7; Western lambs, $5©6 75;
spring lambs, $7 £5.
At the Stock Yards to-day a new prloe rec
ord for cattle was made by E. D. Farmer of-
Aledo. Texas. Eight steers averaging 1314
pounds were sold by him at $7 65.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June 23.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 1 1300; steady. : Natives, $4 85@7 00;
cows and heifers, $1 75@6 15; veals, $3 50@6;
stockers and feeders, $2@5 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 4C00; steady. Light and
light mixed. $7@7 62^; medium and heavy,
$7 5r><gr so ; pigs, $4@<$ 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1300; dull lower.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, June 23. — A large business In
electrolytic copper was transacted to-day, but
the market generally glosed a little lower,
both at home and abroad. The sales were 250,
000 pounds for August and 250,000 pounds for
September delivery at $12 15. ; Closing prices
were as follows: Standard, spot to August.
$11 50@ll 80; lake, $12@12 42J6; electrolytic,
$11 90@12 12%, and casting, $11 90@12. Lon
don closed at 2s Od lower with spot at £53
10s andJ futures at £53 15s.
Tin was £1 10s lower at London, closing
with spot at £126 10s and futures at £122 15s.
The New York market for tin was also lower
with spot at $28 50@29.
Lead was steady here at $4 12"4. London
fell off Is 3d tb £11 2s 6d.
Spelter was unchanged at t.ondon,' closing at
£IS 12s Cd and unchanged locally at $4 87V4
' Iron remained steady at New . York with
prices as last quoted. Warrants were nom
inally unchanged. No. 1 foundry. Northern,
$21@22; No. 2 foundry. Northern. $20 50@21 50;
No. I foundry. Southern. $20 50@21 60; No. 1
foundry. Southern, soft, $20 5O0 1 21 50. j
The English metal markets ruled steady, with
Glasgow closing at 54s 9d and Middlesboro at
49s 7>4d.
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, June 23. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday, June 21. as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Wheat. 21.035,000 bushels, decrease 2,535.000;
corn. 5,189.000 bushels. Increase 470,000; oats,
2,408,000 bushels, decrease 396,000; rye. 493, 000
bushels, decrease 16,000; barley, 218,000 bush
els, decrease 65.000.
New York Cotton Market.
. NEW YORK, June 23.— The cotton market
opened firm, with prices 3 to 7 points higher,
and closed steady and net 2 to 5 points higher.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June ' 23. — Consols, 96'4 ; . sliver,
24%d; French rentes, 101f 65c; wheat cargoes
on passage, firm but not active; cargoes No. I
standard California, 30s; cargoes Walla Walla,
20s Cd; English country markets, quiet but
steady: import into United Kingdom, wheat,
463,000; import into United Kingdom, flour,
213,000; wheat and flour on passage to United
Kingdom, 3.140,000; wheat and flour- on passage
to Continent, 1.530.000.
LIVERPOOL. June 23. — Wheat, quiet; wheat
In Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French
country markets, quiet but steady; weather In
Ensland, overcast.
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-lGd.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND, Or., June 23.— Clearings, $520,
203; balances. $71,989.
TACOMA. June 23. — Clearings. $305,698; bal
ances. $19,031.
. SPOKANE. June 23. — Clearings, $234,1-18;
balances, $20,090.
2 SEATTLE, June 23.— Clearings, $801,223;
balances, $218,984.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, June 23.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla. 65>4@66c; valley, 66"£@67c; blue stem,
67@6Sc.
WASHINGTON.
TAC0MA. June 23 WHEAT— Nominal and
steady. Blue stem, 05%c; club, 6414c.
Poultry and Game. '
Receipts of Calif ornlan Poultry were light
and as there was very little business, the quo
tations were unchanged. Eastern . Hens were
offering freely - at $6@6 50 per dozen and sold
slowly. One car came in.
Hare and Rabbits were unchanged.
POULTRY— L.ve Turkeys. ia#14c for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25: Goslings. $1 25@1 50: Ducks, $3 50ffM
for tld and $4@5 50 for young: Hens, $4@5 50;
y»ung Roosters. $5 50@7;old Roosters. $4 50
<8o; Fryers, $3 50@4; Broilers, $3@4 for
large and $2@2 25 for email; Pigeons, $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush.
NEW YORK, June 23.— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,900 barrels: exports, 7150 barrels. Market
fairly active and held a shade higher.
WHEAT— Receipts, 91,115 bushels; exports,
92.3G0 bushels. Spot was firm. No. 2 red,
81?ic elevator; No. 2 red. S0^4@81%c f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 83"4c f. o. Jj.
afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba, 86*4 c f. 0. b.
afloat. There was an active trade and severe
fluctuations in wheat to-day. Opening easier,
lt declined sharply under weak Paris cables,
Improved home weather news and general sell
ing. A big visible supply decrease started mid
day covering and resulted in a strong after
noon market, helped by active Southwest buy
ing. Closed firm at "fie net advance. July,
79 3-16@80"ic closed S0%c; September,
76 3-16@7S*. a c, closed 78c; December, 77 15-16®.
79c, closed 70c. •
HOPS— Firm. State, prime to. choice, 1901
crop, 19ig23c.
HIDES— Steady. , '
WOOI<— Steady.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet. No. 7 invoice.
5"4c; mild, quiet: Cordova. S@ll%c. Futures
closed steady and net unchanged to 10 points
lower. Sales. 61,250 bags. Including: June,
4.80c; July. 4.80@4.85c; September, 1 4.95@5c;
October, 5.00c; December, r>.15@5.20c; March,
5.45c: May, 5.55@5.60c.
SUGAR — Raw, nominal; fair refining, 3c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3 Vic Molasses sugar,
"%c. ' Refined was steady. . ' ¦ •
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, June 23.' — Evaporated apples
continue in moderate supply and while demand
is light, are firmly held around recent prices.
Common to good are quoted at 7@9Vsc; prime,
10c; choice. lO^QlOaic; fancy, lie.
There has been little change in the market
for California descriptions. The spot prune
situation continues fairly active and firm and
especially for higher grades. Prices are un
changed, ranging from 3%@6'&c.
Apricots are somewhat less active at 10'&@
14c in boxes and 10%@12c in bags.
Peaches .are quiet, but no concessions In
prices are reported, the quotations being 12@
16c for peeled and S"4@10',£c for unpecled. .
General Merchandise.
BAGS— Grain Bags are higher again at 6%c:
San Quentin. 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine, 7i£@8c.
COAL — Wellington, $8 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $S; Seattle. $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Boslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 00; Greta, $8: Wall-
Bend, $8" 50"; Co-operative .Wallsend, $3 50;
Cumberland. $12 in bulk and -$13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh An
thracite, $14; Cannel, $11 per ton; Coke, $15
per ton in bulk and $17 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $S 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50
I per ton, according to brand.
OIL — The agreement as to uniformity In quo
tations which for years has existed between
the Standard Oil Company and the large local
producing and manufacturing houses is off ana
the two interests are now issuing different
price-lists for Linseed Oil and Turpentine.
Yesterday - the local houses issued a price-list
quoting Linseed Oil snd Turpentine lc below
the Standard Oil Co., but the cut was prompt
ly met by the latter concern, and the prices
quoted by both interests are at present the
same. If the disagreement - continues other
articles may be drawn into the cut, and prices
for these goods are likely to be unsettled from
now on. California Castor OH, in cases. No.
1,- 70c; pure. $120; Linseed Oil. in barrels,
boiled. 73c; raw, 71c: cases, 5c more; Lucol, 68c
for boiled and 66c for raw. In barrels; Lard Oil,
extta winter strained, barrels. $1; cases, $1 u5;
China Nut, 57".i@68c per gallon; pure Neats
foot. in barrels, 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish' Oil, barrels, 42>4c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63*£c for Ceylon and
58*4c for Australian.
COAL OIL — Water White Coal Oil. in bulk,
13yj@14c: Pearl Oil, in cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c; Extra Star. 23c; Elaine. 25c; Eocene.
J*2c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 16c;
In cases, 22 %c; Benzine, in bulk. 14Vac; in
cases, 21c; SB-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; la
cases. 26V2C.
TURPENTINE — 66c per gallon In cases and
60c in drums and iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead and
Litharge, 6@6*4c per lb; White Lead, 6@6%c.
according to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
bags: Cubes A, Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy Granulated,"
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c: Dry Granu
lated Coarse. 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.23c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A, 3.85c:
Extra ft 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D." 3.55c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more:
boxes, 50c more; 50- lb bags, 10c more for all
kinds. Dominos — Half-barrels. 4.75c; boxes. 5c
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or its equivalent.
The demand and supply about balance and
quotations are unchanged.
San Meat Market.
DRESSED MEATS,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6@7"4c . for Steers and 5@6c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 7<gSc; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers. 7"A@8*4c; Ewes. 7©8o
per lb.
LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9@9*4c per lb.
PORK — Dressed Hogs. "M,Q9^ti per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations > are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkaee for cattle:
CATTLE — Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c: thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 4@5",£c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 3ft@4c; Ewes. 3>4@3«ie
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 60@2 75 per
head -or 4@4%c per lb live weight; yearlings,
BW.@4c per lb.
HOGS— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6%c:
200 lbs and over. 6@6%c; feeders. 6!§6&c:
sows, 20 per cent off. boars 50 per cent off
and stags. 40 per cent off from the above quota
tions. "
Potatoes,. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were light yesterday,
but owing to 'the heavy accumulation of poor
stock during the past week the market con
tinued dull except for fancy stock, which was
in limited supply and commanded the usual
premium over the quotations.
Most of the receipts of red Onions were con
signed to one house and were firmly held at
the top quotation.
Offerings of Tomatoes and Cucumbers were
large and prices continued to weaken. Peas
and String Beans met with ready sale at sus
tained prices, some fancy String from Alameda
County selling at 3\i.c per lb. There was very
little Inquiry for Rhubarb or Asparagus and
offerings dragged. Summer Squash In large
boxes was lower. A 10-lb box of Bell Pep
pers was received from Sacramento and was
offering at 40c per lb but was not sold.
POTATOES— New Early Rose. 40@85c in
boxes and sacks; Burbanks, 40c@$l 50 with
some fancy higher; Garnet Chiles 90c@$l 10; old
Burbanks, 50@75c; Sweets, $2 50 for Merced.
ONIONS— Australian. ?2@2 25, second hands;
Sllverskins,- 90c@$l 05; new Red, 50@65c per
sack. »
VEGETABLES — Green Corn, 12»4@25c per
dozen; Asparagus, 75cS$2 25 per box: Rhu
barb, 50@85c per box; Green Peas, $1 25@2 per
sack; String Beans, 2@2>4c per lb and 3c for
AVax; Refugee Beans. 3@3"4c per lb; Cabbage,
90c@$l per ctl: California Tomatoes, 50® 00c
per box or crate; Mississippi. 85c@$l per crate;
Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb; Carrots. $1 per
sack; Cucumbers from Marysvllle. 6O@75c per
box: Bay, $1>25i@2 per large box; Hothouse do.
25@50c per dozen; Garlic, 2@3c for new;, Los
Angeles Green Peppers. 10@12"4c; Stockton do.
; Mexican do, 8@10c; Egg Plant from L03
Angeles, 8@10c; Summer Squash. 50@65c for
small boxes and $101 50 for large; Marrowfat
Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15
@20. ¦ .
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% 76% \ Port Costa.. 63% ««
Marln Co ... 59 — ISprlng Val.. 89 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 4 Pac L Co... 45 60
Eqt G L Co. 3 — Sac E G&R. 39*4 —
Mutual EL. 4 — SFG'&E. 43Vi — •
O G L & H. 61 62% S F G L Co. 5% 5*4
Pac G Imp. 36% — Stkn G&E. S < — -
Fitem's Fnd.2T0 280 J
BANKS.
Am B & T.112% — .First Natlonl — . . — •
Anglo-Cal ..88 90 LP&A 168. —
Bank of Cal.445 — JMer Ex (Uq) 26 —
Cal Safe Dp.124 — iSF Nationl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...2015 — :Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.330 400
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.l83o —
S F Sav U..533 — I !
STREET RAILROADS.
California. ..170 — (Market 99»4101
Geary — — IPresldio .... 83 —
POWDER.
Giant 69% 70 yVigorlt 3*4 3%
SUGAR.
Hana 8T4 * Kilauea .... — 10
Hawaiian .. — 40 Makawell ... 23*4 24
Honokaa ... 10% 12*4 Onomea 23% 24*4
Hutchinson . 12 12% Paauhau ... 11% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Uaaka Pack.159 15J»Vi Pac A F A. 2% —
ral Fruit As — 102 Pac C Borx.165 —
ral W^ine As 99%100*4 Par Paint .. 25 ..—".;"
Oceanic S Co — 25 J
Moraine; Session.
Board —
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 43 73
30 S F Gas and Electric Co 43 50
$1000 Spring Valley « per cent bonds.. Ill 25
Afternoon Session.
30 Alaska Packers' Association 138 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association 158 25
10 Alaska Packers' Association 158 5O
10 Alaska Packers' Association 15S 75
5 Alaska Packers' Association. 159 (hi
70 California Wine Association 100 00
10 S F Gas and Electric Co 43 25
I1C0O Sac Elec G & Ry o per cent 103 00
$4000 Oakland Water 5 per cent 104 23
Street >T-~:
$25,000 Markct-st Cable 6s Bonds 127 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
200 Central Pt Con SO
1000 Oil City Petroleum ...,. • i« .
100 Sterling (cash) 150
. Afternoon Session.
Board — ' .
100 California-Standard 18
1000 California-Standard, b 10 • l«
250 Lion k... - 05
1000 Petroleum Center • 01
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales in the Sap
Francisco Stock and> Exchange Board yester
day:
Morning Session.
300 Challenge ... 14 100 Potosi la
50 Con Cal & V.I SO 300 Savage CS
100 Confidence ... 58
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch. 11 20O Overman ..;. 31
50 Chollar .. 07 50 Sierra Nev... 13
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 100 Yellow Jacket 12
110 Ophlr... 1 10
— — —
The following; were the sale* In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Best & Belch. 12 600 Overman .... 23
300 Challenge ... 14 1300 Potosi ....... 19
300 Chollar 08 1300 Potosi .....'.. 19
100 Con C & V.I 32M, 20O Savags 08
100 Confidence ... 50 300 Yellow Jacket 13
500 Gould & Cur. 0C
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 11 100 Ophlr 1 12*4
300 Chollar 07 200 Overman .... rso
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 200 Potosi 13
500 Crown Point. OS 200 Sierra Nev... 13,
500 Gould & Cur. 06 500 Union Con... IT
200 Mexican ..... 41
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 23 — 4 jx, to.
. Bid. Ask. Bid, Ask.
Alpha — . 03 Tustice 07 CS
Alta. 05 OC Kentuck 01 02
Andes 03 06 Lady; Wash .. 04
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 41 42
Best & Belch. 11 12 Occidental ... 17 13
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 110 113
Caledonia — 81 32 Overman .... 30 31
Challenge ... 13 14 Potosi 19 20
Cbollar 08 09 Savage 07 OS
Confidence ... 69 GO Scorpion ..... 04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 23jSeg Belcher.. 05 00
Con Imperial. — 01 1 Sierra Nev... 12 u
Con New Yk. — *t2 Silver Hill... 47 49
Crown Point. 03 04 St Louis — 06
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... 07
Exchequer... 01 « Union. Con... 17 19
Gould & Cur. 05 06 Utah. 06 07
Hale & Norc. 40 43 Yellow Jacket ,12 14
Julia — 01
New York Stock Market.
r>epo*iTs will be received at the United States
Branch Mlr>t in this city until June 25, but not
on or a.'ter that date until after July 7, as be
tween those dates the annual settlement will be
made with the Government.
Weather Report.
' (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
, SAN" FRANCISCO. June 23—5 p. m.
THK COAST RECORD.
C a» v 3 t» T
5 ~.- 2* »
c 2* g| 2.? • 2s 2.
STATIONS. 25 If : § %Z I
f * - % : o r %
• *;•§ I :- : ¦ - B i
; * • ; • ; ;
Astoria 29. S2 66 54 ~S Rain Is6
Baker 'M.*Vi 8S «2 SW Cloudy .00
Carson SS.S6 S4 48 W Pt Cldy .00
Eurtka 3U.O2 66 52 NE Cloudy T.
FreKr.o 2:i.S2 I<>2 156 N\V Clear -.00
Flagstaff .'.r.^29.78 W 02 SW Cloudy .00
Pocateilo. Ida.2;».72 94 08 KB Cloudy .00
Independence 2t«.7s 98 70 W - Clear .00
Los Angeles. ..TJ. 70 94 !iS SW Clear .00
Phoenix 2>.tlO 1U S2 NW Clear .00
Portland 29. K$ 72 5S SE Cloudy .10
Red Bluff 29.84 84 U4 NW Pt Cldy -<X)
Roseburg ...^23.1t2 «8 50 E Cloudy .12
Sacramento ..29.H2 6S 58 SW Pt Cldy .00
I5ilt Lake 29.74 JMi 70 SE Clear -00
San Francisco.oO.tr.' 70 48 W Clear .00
S. L. Obitpo. .23.94 S8 50 TV* Clear .(X)
San Diego 29.78 74 60 W Clear .00
Seattle 29.SS> C8 58 SE Rain .12
Bpokaoe 29.70 84 «2 NE Cloudy .<K)
Xeah Bay 2y.7<! 5S S<J SE Rain .28 i
Walla Walla.. 2».7« »0 70 W Cloudy .00
Winnemucca -2!».76 H2 '<O SW Cloudy .00
Tuma -J9.iS2 110 7G SW Clear f 00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 50 degrees* ]
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen slowly over Caliornia.
A well-marked depress'en overlies Eastern
Warhintrton, Eastern Oregon and Nevada. This
may cause unsettled weather and rain gener
ally over the northern half of the Pacific slope.
The temperatures have iallen from 6 to 20
desiees over Washington and Oregon, ana '
f-ooU-r weather may be expected Tuesday night
In Ccotral and Northern California. Along the
ecaEt from San Francisco to -Kan Diego there
has been a rapid rise, and 'from Point Con
ception to Point Dume the temperatures are
fu:iy IS degrees wanner than usual. A maxi
mum temperature of 114 degrees is reported
at Phoenix.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight June 24:
Northern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Tuesday: cooler and possibly light showers
in northern portion Tuesday; fresh southwest
winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday, continued
warm weather; light southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Tuesday, cooler; brisk to
h!irh southwest winds.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday,
continued warm weather: brisk southerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
— — — ' " " "'¦
FRUIT AND WHEAT BULLETIN
For the 2i hours ending A p. m.. 120th medl
dia.i time. San Francisco. June 23.
K t * c <
STATIONS. ifr.II f |° |^^
Chico 97 <••! .00 Pt Cldy S ~ !
CloverdaJe S« K> .00 < - lPar
Colusa ........ 'XI <i.l .<j0 Clear
Eureka tv, r.2 Tr. Cloudy NE Lt.
Fresno 102 <M} .©u Clear NW 10
Hanfonl ..1O7 5» .00 Clear
HoUister :h> 32 .00 Clear XV
Independence .. us 70 .00 Clear "W »e
King City 'j."> 46 .00 Clear
Livtrmore S!> SI .00 Clear
Lo? Anscles !it T..S .00 Clear SW (i
Merced W *M .00 <'lear NW St.
Nai»a S7 B« .00 Clear SW ...
Newman 'M 39 .0<J Clear
Palermo 145 r»5 .<io Pt «^ldy S
Portervllle 104 «;i .ma <'lear
l:ed Bluff !»4 G4 .00 l't Cldy NTV' «
RivvreMe 1C.*» M .00 Clear
Kac-ramento . . . NS 58 .O»J Pt Cldy SW S
fcUm EHesc 74 «0 .<>o <;iear W Lt.
Kan Francisco. 70 4S .00 Clear W 22
Baa Jls> 84 47 .00 Clear
fi. L. Obisfhi... SS M .00 Clear W 10
?anta Maria... Ki 40 .00 Clear
Ventura 73 M .00 Clear W
WCtan ~ ;..%V 83 Ul .00 Pt Cidy SE Hi.
WEATHER AND CROP~ CONDITIONS.
Riverside — Sunday maximum. 104: hot
weather, vory seed for citrus fruits.
IIolllFtf-r — Grapes colng well; indications
£O"d for larc^ crop.
Colusa— Grain doing v.ell and turning: out
food, (rait cf a!1 kinds jn good condition.
King City—Hay beln? gathered and stacked;
fair yield, of good duality.
Palermo — Early reaches ript-nlng.
Hanford — Fruit f-rop large and good; peaches
and apricots ripening rapidly.
Nspa— Grain looking fine.
M'illowE — No graschoppers; conditions good.
Chico — Crops ripenin2 fine; fruit ripening
fast.
Livermore — Wheat filling well. /
Sin .lose— Fruit cron doing finely; excellent
cro-p late cherries : (train doing well. '
Fanta Maria — Third hot day; cffe.ct on crops
uncertain.
Ventura — Warmer weather forcing fruit.
Newman — Conditions unchanged.
Merce<1 — Pea'-hes comlnr in plentifully.
<:k-verc!ale — P«-aohcy in market; crop prcm
i*** b!g. A. G. McADIE. Section Director.
The Mint and Bullion.
of this gain was lost on the reaction.- . Among
the industrials Colorado Fuel was a conspicu
ous sufferer on account of the supposed dispute,
among insiders as to the continuance of divi
dends upon the stock. The recent heavy tone
of Amalgamated Copper also gave way to posi
tive weakness In view of the continued decline
in the price of copper and the unprecedented
production. Supporting orders seemed to be
withdrawn in United States Steel, and that
Mock suffered a net loss of nearly a point. It
is the general conviction in Wall street that
the proposed plan for conversion of preferred
stocks into 5 per cent bonds will be blocked
by the courts, thus -leaving no offset to the in
crease of fixed charges on the fifty million dol
lar new bond issue. There seems to be a fear
that the payment of dividends on the common
nocks is thus threatened. The reports of
minor labor troubles, while not directly affect-
Ing any special stocks, have a somewhat de
pressing effect on sentiment," and several re
ports of voluntary increases In wages instead
of ha\'lng a reassuring effect were taken as
pointing to the prevailing discontent of labor
with the present rate of pay. Saturday's un
satisfactory bank statement was borne in mind
¦to-day, and probably helped to repress specula
tion. The closing was easy at the considerable
reaction in railroad stocks. A number of the
lesa active stocks show large ¦ losses. :
The bond market was moderately active and
irregular. Total sales, par value. $2,580,000.
United States new 4s declined 14 per cent on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock — Sales. Hljh. Low. Close.
Atchison 6.U00 82% 82 '81%
Atchison pfd ...... 2,000 100% 100% 100%
Baltimore & Ohio. 1.100 loti-li 106% 106^1 1
Bait & Ohio pfd y5
Canadian Pacific... 2,700 135% 134% 134%
Canada Southern ' .... 91%
Ches & Ohio 300 46?4 46% 46%.
Chicago & Alton... 1,200 38H 37*i 37%
Chgo & Alton pfd 75
Chgo, Ind &. Louis. 1,100 75 75 74
Ch«jo, Ind & L pfd. 200 8ii»i 86% 86
Chgo & East 111... 2,700 185 178 184%
Chgo & a Western 3,300 2y% 28% 28%
Chgo & G W A pfd. 89?*
Chgo & G W B pfd 47
Chgo &" Nwestern.. 400 254% 250 249
Chgo, R I & Pac. 200 172% 171*4 171
Chgo Term Ai Trn. 700 21 >4 20% 20%
Chgo T & T pfd... 3,000 3S% 37% 37%
C. C, C & St Louis 103
Colo Southern 300 31 30% 30%
Colo So 1st pfd 100 71 *i 71\i 71
Colo So 2d ptd 42%
Del & Hudson 100 174 174 173%
Del, Lack & West 275
Denver & Rio Gr.. 300 43 42% 42%
Den & R G pfd... 400 VZ^i 93 93
Erie 2,400 36%, 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd 300 C7% 67 C7%
Erie 2d pfd 52%
Great Northern pfd . . . . : 18S
Hocking Valley.... 400 86% 85% 86
Hocking Val pfd '. 91
Illinois Central 1.700 157% 157% 157
Iowa Centra! .'. 48V.
Iowa Central Dfd.. 2.000 87 86% 85%
K C Southern 700 34% 34% 34%
K C Southern pfd. 300 «0% 60% CO
Lake Erie & West. 63
L E & West pfd... 125 -
Louisvl & Nashvl.. 1,200 136% 136% 136
Manhattan Elev... 13,600 ¦132 Vi 131 131%
Metropolitan St Ry. 1,200 151% 150% 160%
Mexican Central... 8,400 28% 28 28%
Mexican National 18%'
Minn & St Louis.. 800 114% 114% 1141*
Missouri Pacific 45.400 10!>% 107% 109
Mo. Kans & Texas. 13,400 28 27 27%
Mo, Kans & T pfd. 3,200 53% 5S% 59
New Jersey Cent 1S5
New York Cent 1,000 156% 156% 150>i
Norfolk & Western * 100 50% 56% 56%
Norfolk & W nfd 91
Ontario & Western. 500 33 32% 32%
Pennsylvania 3.000 152 151% 151%
Reading 37,000 67% CC% fi6>4
Reading 1st Dfd 83%
Reading 2d pfd !X>0 70»i 70 69%
St Louis & S F 500 69?i U9U CXi\' H
St L & S F 1st pfd I. 82
St L & S F 2U pfd 100 72% 72% 72%
St Louis Sweatern. 3,900 30% 30>4 30
St Louis Swstn Dfd 2,600 67 65>4 C5
St Paul 7,000 174U 173% 173',4
St Faul pfd 18S%
Southern Pacific... 23,000 65 64% (14%
Southern Railway.. 1.500 36% 36% 3(i%
So Railway pfd 300 95% 95% 05%
Texas & Pacific... 16,000 43 43 43%
To!. St L &. W 1,000 20% 20% 20%
Tol. St L & W pfd. 400 37 37 37
I'nlon Pacific 7,200 105% 104% 104%
Union Pacific pfd. 300" 89% 89V4 S9%
Wabash 75..10O ni% 29% 30%
Wabash pfd C3.200 47% 45>4 4C%
W & L Erie 1.800 23% 22% 22%
W& L Erie 2d pfd 1.100 37% 36% 36%
• WIs 'Central 1,100 27'> 27 27%
Wis Central pfd... 500' 50 49% 49%
Express Companies —
Auams .... 197
American '. 100 226 226 225
United States 114
Well-Fargo 195
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 202.700 fi6*i 6414 64%
Amer Car & F 2,100 32% 32% 32%
Amer Car & F pfd. 300 91% 01% 90S
Amer L Oil 24
Amer L Oil pfd 50%
Amer Loco 300 32% 32 «4 32%
Amer l/oco pfd 400 93%- 93% 93%
Amer S & Ref 1.600 48 «4"' 4"'
Amer S &'R«-f pfd. R00 100% 100 90%
Anaconda Mln Co.. 1.000 IIO14 110 109
Brooklyn R Trans. 3.300 fi7 l i 66'/4 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 25,400 92',i 89% * 90
Cons Gas COO 220% 220 219U
Con Tobacco pfd... 200 121% 121% 120%
Ge.n Electric 5,100 306 304 30fl%
Hocking Coal i«?%
. Inter Paper 300 20% 50% 20%
Intfr Paper pfd 72%
Inter Power 75
Lacled<» Gas 55
National Biscuit... 200 48% 48% 48%
National Lead ,... COO 22% 22 22%
North Amer .. 100 122- 122 122
Pacific Coast 100 67% G714 67
Pacific Mall 500 42% 41% 4H4
People's Gas .. SIX) 102% 102 101 V>
Pressed S Car WW 46% 46- 46 '
Pressed S Car pfd. * 100 S5% 85% RS
Pullman Pal Car 234
nepuM'c Steel 1.600 17% 17'4 17%
Republic Steel prd. 200 73 K 73ii 731$
Sugar S.500 126% l?. r i*:. 125%
Tenn Coal & Iron. 3,900 63 \ 61% fi2
Union B & P Co 1514
Union B & P Co pfd .' 81%
U S Lather l,.Vtf> 13 12% J2%
V S Leather pfd... "OO $4% r.™ W r^L
U S Rubber ?00 15 14% 14%
U S Rubber pfd 400 54% 53V, 52'-',
U S Steel I2.CO0 SR% k% 37%
TJ S Steel pfd 5.PO0 S1»H S9 - 89
Western Union ' R0O 90',4 'S9% 89%
Total sold 4S2.200
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg...107%|L & N Unl 4s... 103%
T>n coup 108% M«x Cent 4s ... R4I/4
Do .".s reg 10"i/4 Do 1st !nc ... 32
Do coup 107% Minn £.- St L 4s.. 105
Do new 4s reg. 135 M K ft T 4s.. . . .lOO-'J
Do coup 135 Do 2ds 84%
I>o old 4s reg.. .109% r* y Cent 1*ts ..104%
Do coup 110% Do sen 3%s ..107
T)o 5s reg 105 K J Cent gen Sn.13<»v;
Do coup 105 INor'Pac 4s 105
Atrh pen in IO31/, Do 3s 74«i
Do adit 4h 93%!N*or & -\y con 4 B ]i02'
Balto * Ohio 4s..lO2« jFtead Gen 4s . 100*;
I>o 3%s JW%,3t L it I M n BS.117V4
Do com- 4» 107«; -S L & S F 4s... 100
Canada Po 2d« ..1f«=i|5t L 8 W lsts.. 99%
Cent of Ga 5s 10R%] Do 2ds 87%
Do 1st lnc SI ;3 A & A P 4s.. 90%
C & O 4%s 10RIJ So P.ic 4s B2>4
Chi & Alton .t%e. Rri%,So Ry 5s 123l>i
C B & O new 4s. 96 |Tex & Pac lsts.. 119
C M & S P r 4s.116%,r St L & W 4s.. s::%
C & N con 7s... 139% (Union Pac 4s ...106t,i
£v?i5£JM* : V :m tt Do conv 4« -.107V.
C C C A S L g 4 S .1O2 Wabash lsts . .v .119%
Chi Term 4s .... 91 I Do 2ds . V Iii4i
Colo & Fo 4« 05%! Do Deb B 77ti
D _ & R . G ,f 1< 1(M J U>st Rhor e 4»".'.11O
Eri* prior lien 4s. 101 . |\V & L E 4s 95
Do wn 4s .. 8Ky t WIs Pent 4s 04
Ft \V & n C Ws.U.iv, Con Tob 4s CT
Hocking Val 4%s.l10% ""'
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2.);i^ttlo Chief 11
•AU<v r.4|Ontario '. 7 v.
Breeco Ti"jOphir ...... .'"10-,
Brunswick Con ... <H Phoenix • nj-
Comstock Tunnel.. 05 V-iPotosl """' ¦!-
Con Cal & Va....l 20! Savage qJj
Hay and Feedstuff s.
An advance in Middlings is noted. Bran re
mains as before. There is no change in Hay,
the market . being steady with moderate re
ceipts
BRAN — $18 50©19 50 per tonf
MIDDLINGS— $22 50@24 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley $20@21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@2S; Job
bing, $26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@32; Cracked Corn, $31 50@32 50;
Mixed Feed, $16@17: Cottonseed Meal $26 50
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat.
$8@10; Volunteer Wild Oat. $6 50@S; Alfalfa,
$9010. Old is quoted as follows :
Extra fine Wheat, $12@12 50; fair to choice
do, $9 50@ll CO: Wheat and Oat. $9@11 50; Oat
$S@10 60; Alfalfa, nominal: Clover, $7@9; Vol
unteer, $6 50<g« 50; Stock, $6©8 per ton.
STRAW^40@50c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Beans continue steadily held, with Hgnt
stocks in dealers' hands, but the inquiry 7 is
light. Quotations remain about the same..
BEANS — Bayos! $3@3 05; small White. $2 35
@2 50; large White. $2 35@2 45; Pea, $3 25@
3 CO: Pink, $2 05@2 20; Red, $2 50; Blackeye,
$5;-Limas. $3 60@3 75; Red Kidneys, $3 50@
3 75 per ctl. ' . '
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard $2 C0@2 65; Yellow
Mustard, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 25@2 50; Cana
ry. 3%c for Easter*; Alfalfa from Utah, 10%@
1114c; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%@2%c;
Hemp, 3% per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles. $1 75@2; Green. $1 40
@1 65; Blackeye, $1 75@2.
Continued dullness in local stocks ana bonds. .
Silver and Exchange about as before quoted.
Standard Oil Company and local dealers issue different prices.
Active biiyhig of Wheat and Barley in the country.
Beans and Seeds inactive at previous prices.
Oats, Corn and Rye show no further change.
Middlings joe higher. Bran and Hay as previously quoted.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Nothing further new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions continue high and quiet. . ,<V
No change in live and dressed Meats.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables quiet.
Poultry and Game in moderate receipt and featureless.
Fruit market well supplied with seasonable kinds.
Grain Bags a fraction higher again.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Deadwood Terra . .1 00 Sierra Nevada..:! 10
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver ?7 Standard 3 0U
Leadvllle Con ... 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND .BONDS.
= Money— ¦ .Westing Com 104
Call loans .1%@4 Mining-
Time loans 4 @5 Adventure ' 23U
Bonds— ,- Allouez 23»i i
Atchison 4s . 102 \<.\ Amalgamated «4%
Gas lsts 95ii:Bingham ..... 32%
Mex Cent 4s. S2 Calumet & Hecla.590
N E Gas & Coke. 60 Centennial ....... 17%
Railroads — • Copper Range '...' 53 Vi
Atchison 81% Daly West 44%
Do prefd 100% Dom Coal 136?!,
Boston & Albany. 260 iFranklin 11
Boston & Maine.202 lisle Royale 12
Boston Elev 164 'I Mohawk 40U
N Y. N H & H...230 lOId Dom ..20
Fitchburg prefd. .143% iOsceola 60
Union Pacific 104«; Parrot 28- I
Mex Central 28 Quincy ...132
Miscellaneous — Santa Fe Copper. 1%
Amer Sugar 125% Tamarack 175
Do preid 119 Trimountain , . .. .. 95
Amer Tel & Tel.. 176 Trinity 12
Dom I & Steel 53% United States .... 19V1
Gen Electric 306 Utah 20%
Mass Electric '. . . 43 United Copper ... 34 \i
N E Gas ScJCoke 3% Victoria 6
United Fruit Ill Winona ¦ 4&
U S Steel 37% Wolverine ....... 55
Do prefd SOVi • • -
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.96 7-10 N Y Central 161%
Cons for account. 96% Nor & Western... 58%
Anaconda : 5% Do prefd 93
Atchison 84V«. Ont & Western... 33%
Do prefd 103Vi Pennsylvania .... 77%
Bal & Ohio 1O9V4 Reading ......... 34 ,
Can Pacific 138& Do 1st prefd... 43
Ches & Ohios.... 48 'Do 2d prefd.... U5%
Chi G West 2»V> So Railway 37%
Chi. M & St P.. 178 Do prefd 98
Den &. Rio G 43% So Pacific 66Vi
Do prefd ..' 95Vi Union Pacific 10794
Erie 37% Do prefd 91
Do 1st prefd... «»V* U S Steel 39Vi
Do 2d pretd 54 Do prefd 91 Vi :
Illinois Central... 161 Wabash 30 I
Louis & Nash 139 Do prefd 46% j
Mo, Kans & Tex. 27% Spanish 4s 81 I
Do prefd ...... 60 • .
Bar sliver — Dull, 24%d £>er ounce.*
Money — 2i;@2% per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2%@2% per cent and for threu
months bills Is 2%@'^% per cent. ¦
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, June - 23. — Close — Money on
call was steady at 2%@3 per cent, closing bid
and asked 2^A@3 per cent.
Prim* mercantile paper, 4%Q5 per cent.
Sterling exchange was firm, with actual busi
ness in bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand
and at $4 85V4@4 85% for sixty days.
Posted rates. $4 86 and $4 88%.
Commercial bills, $4 84%@4 85%.
Bar silver, 52?ic.
Mexican dollars. 42V£c.
Bonds — Governments, easier; States, inact
ive; railroads. Irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK, June 23. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The Stock Exchange might as well have been
closed to-day as far as actual business was
concerned. The tone was steady on further
contradictions of disquieting rumors regarding,
the King's health. The American department
was idle, aside from a slight demand for
Reading.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, June 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
in the division of redemption, shows: Availa
ble cash balance. $203,400,346; gold, $99,461,305.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
unchanged yesterday; and there were no new
features to report.
¦', New Reds are quoted -at $1 10@l 20 for
common to choice and $1 23 for fancy; ¦; old
Oats are nominal as follows : Whites, $1 30@
135; Milling, $1300135; Black, $1 15@1 'Jo
per ctl. •'.
CORN — The market continues slow at un
changed quotations. Chicago is "listless and
without noteworthy variations.
Large" \ellow,' >1 45#1 5u: small round do,
$1 50(&l 52'^j ; White. $1 55@1 60. .
>RYE- 85@87%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50^
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
$;;@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers' $3a
3 50. -^ "
MILLSTUFFS — Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the- trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $3; Rye Meal
$2 75; Rice Flour. $7; Corn 'meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy %vg/
4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4 .%0@4 75; Cracked
Wheat,, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels) $7 35@9- in
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. $5 50; Spilt
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
30-40S. pV,@6?4c; 40-50«. &@5Vic: 50 r 60s ; *%>&
4y t c; 60-70s. 4@4^4c: 7(AsOs. 3y a @3%c; S0-90s.
3@:{%c: 90-lOCs, 2^i@2%c per lb. _
RAISINS— Seeded. 3-croWn, Sc; 2 - cr0W J!4
7»4c; Loose Muscatels. 5%c tor 4-crown ana
5V4c fo- seedless: 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, s^c.
London Layers, $1 CO per box. ; J
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1, softshell. 11@UVjC.
No. 2, «j@7c; No. 1, hardshell. l(X8ilOVic; M. -.
7c; Almonds, 10V>@l^c for paperahell : 9@10c
for softshell and 6®7c for hardshell: Peanuts.
S@7c'for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12VjC; Fil
berts. 12@12'>c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for light amber: water white extracted, ovp
5Vic: light amber extracted. 4@4&c; dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 27^4@29c per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago was higher, but dull. Private wires
from there yesterday said that prices are so
high compared with last year that speculators
are afraid to buy, and that live Hogs are higher
than their product.
There was nothlns new in the local market,
which continues dull.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12%@13c per lb for
heavy, 13&c for light medium. 14%c for light.
15%c for extra light anil 16@17c for sugar
cured- Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams, 14@14»$c: Mess Beef. $10 per bbl:
extra Mess, $10 50@ll; Family, $11 50@12;
prime Mess Po"rk, $15(813 50; extra clear. $23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork. 12V4c; Pi*
Perk, $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and 12%c for pure; half- barrels,
pure. 12%c; 10-lb tins. 13%c; 5-lb tins, 13%c;
3-lb tins. 13%c.
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 10%c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; cne tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10V&c; five tierces, 10%c per lb. j
Hides, Tallozv, { Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands qell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light: Stags. 7c;
Salted Kip. Oc; Salted Veal. 9"4c: Salted Calf.
10c; Dry Hides. 15@16%c: Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Klp^ ll@13c; Dry Calf, 16@18e; Culls and
Brands. 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@
30c each- short wool. 40® 60c each; medium.
65@75c; long Wool, S0c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for large and $2 50 for medium.
$1 f.0@2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry. $1 75 for large, $1 50 for medium.
$1@1 25 for small and 50c' for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can, 25c; dry. Central American, 32%c. Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
60c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— ,No. 1 rendered, 5&@6c per lb;
No. 2, 4Va@5c; grease. 2&@3&c.
WOOL. — Spring, Humboldt and Mendocino.
lti@18c; Northern free, 14@16c; do. defective,
13@14c; Middle County free. 13@15c; do, de
fective, ' 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, OlftlOc;
do, 7 months. 9@llc; Foothill. ll@13c; Neva
da. 12@15c; Valley Oregon fine, 15@16c; do.
medium and coarse, 14@13c per lb. "»
HOPS— 12@12%c for fair and 13@14c per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being
drawn at 13@14c.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ClLL' TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902.
New York Grain and Produce.
Chicago Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
8
NEW YORK, June 23. — The dominating in
fluence of thp small rroTtssional operator wan
manifest in the tendency of prices of railroad
ftocks to react to a previous level. The only
trace of large speculative operations was In the
Gould group, led by the Wabash and Reading
Issues. The industrial department was weak
with the Vxfcption of one or two unimportant
stocks, and was under pressure of what looked
Ilk* eenutn» liquidation. The buying of the
Wabash :s?ues was unexplained by any news
development. It came from the same source?
a> have iifpn active for some time past in this
troup of. stocks and represents the effort to
realize the improvements from the properties
through recent «-xt«isions and new acquisition;.
The rtewn of the day Included a report of an ap
peal to a higher court of the city of Pittsburg's
ctH atair.st the entrance Into Pittsburgh by the
Wubach and an authorized Ktatement of the
project for a new railroad from Denver to Salt
Leke City with a proposed railroad to Los An
geles. This project Is avowedly Intended as a
con-.i»ctitor to the Western extensions <jf the
Gould system. But. the large buying or the
various Could stocks was not checked in any
degree by this news. St. Louis-Southwestern
preferred, which has usually moved In coin
puny with the Gould stocks, was decidedly re-"
actlonary. This wae the more conspicuous In
view of the further rise of 7 points in Chicago
Blid J^ns-tern Illinois, supposed to be net aside
for absorption In the lnten.-t>t of St. Louis-
Scuthwestern. Manhattan shared In the
strength of the Gould stocks in the »arly deal-
Ings and imparted wrap sympathetic strength to
the oth'.T local tractions. "ITie 1 ',£ points rise
In Reading warn ¦ppertattjr designed a» an an
•wer to the address n> the public by the
president or the United Mine Workers. Most
N"E"W WESTERN HOTEL, j
A McKenon, Calenel E Lamb, st Louis
M Holuhan, Arizona T H Badolett, Ohio
Mrs G Rodgers. Ohio E S Merrill & w Ma
Misa S- Davis. Ohio Mrs A Emerson Mo
J Mahoney, Oakland 1, G Wedektnd Reno
J Klnney, Kansas City O H Wedekind Reno
C Steer. Kansas City J L "Wedekind Reno
T B Johnston. S Jose J C Anderle Clnn
F Bush, Aurora AM Seltz, Pa
C E Delt. Bakersfleld D N Welnisn Pa'
C A Wado & w, MIchrO Walton Manila
F Griffith. Ky |J W Head. Manila
MAKES FIGHT WITH K^TIFE
BEFORE BEING ARRESTED
Frank Bickford Booked at the '.City
Prison on , Charge of ' -
Burglary.
Frank Rickford went into the Adama
lodging-house, at 639 Clay street, yester
day afternoon and after entering one of
the rooms locked the door so that h«
cculd not be disturbed. W. J. McCreary.
a son of .the proprietor, saw him enter
and knocked on the door, demanding
what he wanted. Rickford kept quiet for
a few minutes, and as McCreary called
for some one to come and help him Rlck
fcrd opened the door. Rickfor.i had an
open .- knife in his hand, but McCrearv
grappled -with him. While they were
struggling assistance arrived and Rick
ford was cverpo-wered. --
Policeman J. F. O'Brien was summoned
and he took Rickford to the City Prison,
where he was booked on a charge of
burglary. The interior of the room
showed that Rickford had made a hur
ried search for valuables.
Files a Counter Suit.
Lena Sparber and her husband. L.
Sparber, who keep a second-hand store
on Mission street, filed a suit for $15 000
carnages against Louis Epstein, a rival
brsmesa man yesterday. The Sparbers
allege that Epstevn cruelly beat Mrs.
Sparber on. the afternoon of June If. A
-% W ir, » y l a f° E Pstein. brought a suit
apalnst Sparber for $C00 damages, alleg-
Sitboufcau^" SaVC blm • arubb1 **
The week opened with stagnation all along
the line, the only change on the morning ses-
Blons being a decline In Gas and Electric at
$43 50(3-13 25.
In the afternoon there were small sal's of
Alaska Packers at $15S@15n.
The Kern River Oil Company has levied an
assessment of 50 cents per share, delinquent
July 28.
The blowing quotations for United Railroads
of San Francisco were received yesterday from
New York by Bolton.De Ruyter & Co.: Com
mon stock, $23 50@24; preferred. $63 75*3«4
bends. $91 50@92 50; subscriptions. $102@102 CO.'
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. June 23— 2 p. m .
UNITED STATES .BONDS.
Bid. Ask. i Bid Ask
4s qr coup..llO%lll-% *s qr cp(new)135 136 '
4s qr reg 1001*110% as qr coup... 107 1O7U
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. 91ii' — Oak W G 5s.lO4*i 111
Bay CPC Os.los*^ — " Dceanlc S 5s. 97*2
C C G&E 5a.l0K*410ti'& Omnibus 6s — v>n
Cal-st 5S....110 — Pac 6 Im 4a! 98U _
CCostaOs... — 111*4 Pk & C H6s.lO7«^lin
Ed L & P Cs — — Pk & O R(5s — 1*5
Fer&C II Cs. — 123 Pwl-st R 6s — _
Geary-st 5k.. — : — Sac EGR 5s. 10291 —
H C&S 5Vis.lO2 — - SF & SJV5S.1"? !•>•»
Do 5s .... 9i — Sierra Cal (is -iik
L Ang R 5s.ll8*4 — S P of A 6s
L. A L Co 6S.103U — (1909) ..114 __
Do gtd 6s. — — <i»10) 113—'
Do gtd 5s. 104 S-P of C 63
LA & P '58.10a . — (100f,)Sr A. 106% —
• Do lem 5s.lO4«4 — - <ino.~)Sr B lOTU
1 Mkt-st C Cb.127'.412RU (iW) l!> ~ '
: Do lem 5s. 120% 121 (1912) : .".!l"OT''_
I.N.R of C 6s. 112*4 — S p of Cist * •-¦ ,
i Do 5s ....121 Vi 122 c gntd 5s. 120*4122'
NPacC5s.H0 — Do stmpd K/i%iTTif
N C R 5s.... 112*4113% S P BrCal«s 140 141 J
N S R R 5s. 101 .102 S"V. Wat 6. Ill my
Oak Gas 5s.ll2>4113^ Do 4s 2dm 10" 103
Oak Trn 6P..125 — Do 4s 3dm. 101 102U
Do 1st c5s.ll2*allo Stkn G&E 60IOO 51101 &
AUCTION SALES
i^& J^ Jfea
Absolute Dispersal Sale at Auction
TROTTING-BRED BROOD
; MARES, COLTS AND FILLIES
From the GABILAN STOCK FARM of HON.
JESSE D. CARR, Salinas. Cal.
THURSDAY, JUISE 36. 1902, at 11a.m..
AT SALESYARD, 1732 Market St., corner Van
Ness ave.. San Francisco, Cal.
Electioneer. Boodle. Wilkea and Mambrino
Patchen Blood, backed by that of the great
Williamson's Belmont. One of the grandest
collections of Brood Mares. Colts and Fillies
ever offered In California. Mares with colt>
by and In foal to Boodle Jr. 34,835. Nutwood
Wilkes 2:16V4. Ecce 13,993. Hambletoniaa
Wilkes 167S) and other high-class stallions.
Horses at yard June 22. Catalogues now ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to^ KilllD & Co.,
Livestock Auctioneers.
On same day will sell fconsignment of 30 head
well broken horses, weighing from 1050 to 1300.
from the Dennis ranch. Marlposa County.
FRED H. CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market st.
j^s £s> fe
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
If you 'want to sell anything or buy anything
wait for our auctions. We have a large as-
sortment of HORSES to eult any business:
atso a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES. CART3
and HARNESS. GROVE- ST. STABLES.
Grove St.. bet. Polk st. and Van Ness ave..
THURSDAY. June 28. ...,.«
MADIGAN, O'NEILL & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
JUST ARRIVED AND MUST BE SOLD. »
car of GOOD GENTLE HORSES; also wagons,
surreys, buggies and carts, at 1140 Folsom St.,
TUESDAY. June 24, at 11 a. m. ¦
£* £*
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES cheap at
STEWARTS HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD STREET.BOY'S ARM IS BROKEN. — Cornelius King,
aged 11. and residing at 2003 San, Bruno ave
nue, had his left -, arm broken ; yesterday while
leading a horse to pasture. He wound tho
halter rope around his arm and the hors4 ran
away, dragging the boy quite a distance.
William H. Crocker demurred" yesterday
to the suit to recover 590,000 brought
against him by Henry J. Crocker on the
ground that the complaint does not state
sufficient cause of action.
W. H. Crocker Demurs.
The will of, the late Louis Sloss was
filed for probate yesterday. He leaves
his estate, with the exception of $22,000
bequeathed to charity, to his .widow,
Sarah Sloss. Mrs. Sloss and her sons ara
named as executrix and executors of the
will, with the provision that no more than
two shall serve.
Sloss Will -Filed.
OAKLAND, June 23.— Licenses t'* marrv
were issued to-day to William Marshall,
aged over 21, and Edith M. Anderson, ove:
20, both of Oakland; Charles L'. Keck,
j23, Fruitvale, and Annie Stewart, IB, Oak
land; Adolph Ernst, 67, and Matilda Muc
der, 60, both of Oakland ; - Albert E. Ole
son, 41. and Mary E. Wilson, 32, both of
.Berkeley; William Stanley, 32, and Noreriu
Carlson, 18, both of San Francisco. v ;*
Licenses to Marry.
Frederick Reigelhut, a machinist resid
ing at 44 Julia street, died in St. Joseph's
Hospital yesterday from the effects of a
fractured skull. On June 14 Reigelhut fell
from a Mission-street car at the crossing
of Mission and Eighth streets with a box
of tools on his shoulder. He . struck on
his head, fracturing his- skull.
Beigelhut's Injury Proves Fatal.
The Secretary of the Treasury has'coa
flrmed Customs Collector Stratum's ap
pointment of J. B. McChesney to prepare
a statement of shipments made from the
port of San Francisco to Alaska. The
report will be "for the use of the Bureau
of Statistics. Mr. McChesney was for
merly principal of ; the Oakland High
School. The appointment is not under
civil service. . '
Professor McChesney Appointed.
Monday, June 23.
Stmr Chehalls, Thompson, Grays Harbor:
DOMESTIC PORTS, i
PORTLAND— Sailed June 23— Stmr Alliance,
for San Francisco; stmr Fulton, for San Fran
cisco. ¦ : ¦• -<¦. ¦"
Arrived June 23— Stmr Homer, hence June 19.
SEATTLE-rSalled June 23— £tmr Al-Kl. for
Skagway; stmr Humboldt, for Skagway; atmr
Bonlta, for Juneau. '•• ' ¦¦ - •¦¦...
Arrived June 22 — Stmr Charles Nelson, from
San Francisco. June 23 — Stmr Umattlla, from
San Francisco. -. ¦ . •
FOREIGN PORT.
VICTORIA. B C— Arrived June 23— Stmr
Umatllla. hence June 20; Br stmr Wellington,
hence June 20; Br stmr Oceano, from .
Sailed June 23— Stmr Queen, for San Ftan
. CISCO.' •'..-•¦ ¦ :¦ •. ..-..,
OCEAN STEAMERS.
I KINSALE— Passed June 24, ; 3 a m— Stmr
Commonwealth, from Boston, ¦ for Queenstown.
CHERBOURG— SalledJune 22— Stmr Grosser
Kerfurst, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed June 22— Stmr Hohen
zollern, ¦- for New York.
PLYMOUTH — Sailed June 23 — Stmr Pennsyl
vania,' for New York.'- ' .
¦ SUEZ — Sailed June -23—^Stmr Kalsow, from
Seattle and Tacoma, via Yokohama, Shanghai,
Hongkong, etc, for London.
NEW YORKr-Arrlved June 23 — Stmr Cevlc,
from Liverpool.' ,-¦¦
I>ate Shipping Intelligence.
SAILED,
The Boara of Works has rejected" all
bids for the paving of Market street from
Van Ness avenue to Twelfth street with
bitumen rock on a concrete bed, and new
calls for bids were issued yesterday and
arc returnable on Saturday next. On the
original call six bids were returned, and
James H. Bingham would have been givea
the work had it not been that In his re
turns he bid 17^4 and omitted the, word
cents. In consequence of this error the
Board of Works has issued a new call,
and bids will be passed upon on June 28.
Board of Works Issues New Call.
To-morrow at 9 o'clock we place on
sale 5000 pairs ladies' fine' shoes, hand
sewed, in all styles of toes, all widths;
sizes running from 2% to 7. This is: a
grand chance. Also 2000 pairs children's
and' misses' shoes for the same price.
Busy Bee Shoe Co., 1029 Market street,
above Sixth. •
Bring 50 Cents, No More.
Philip J. Miller, assistant bartender In
T. J. Clancy's saloon, 710 Kearny street,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
by Detectives" Dinsin and Wren on a
charge of grand larceny. Clancy notified
Captain Martin Sunday that $117 had been
stolen from a bag in his safe between
Saturday night . and Sunday morning.
Dlnan and Wren ' were ; detailed on the
case, and yesterday they found Miller
in his room at the Prescott House.
When searched he had $115 in his pocket,
which was booked as evidence.
Accused of Robbing Employer.
Max Stiller secured a warrant from
Judge Conlan yesterday for the arrest of
P. Chessman on' a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. Stiller alleges
that ho purchased from Chessman the
good will of a restaurant at 521 Kearny
street for $900 on Chessman's statement
that he had an almost Indefinite tenancy
of the premises, whereas, in fact, it was
terminable at any time, and he had «"ot
notice • to quit at the time Stiller pur
chased the good will. .
Trouble Over Restaurant Deal.
Alfred Grayson, a soldier in the Six
teenth Infantry, which returned recently
from the Philippines on the transport
Sherman, was arrested last night and
charged with assault with a deadly weap
on. He got into an altercation with John
Colabaia, proprietor of the restaurant at
627 Kearny street, at about 11:30 o'clock.
Colabaia followed the soldier out on the
sidewalk and was having a tussle with
him when Grayson drew a revolver. Lieu
tenant Gleason, Sergeant Donovan and
Officer Mulcahy witnessed the fight and
took Grayson into custody.
Soldier Draws a Revolver.
Fred Reed, a fireman, was in the dock
in Judge Mogan's court yesterday morn
ing on 4 a charge of disturbing the peace
On Third street, near Howard. Sunday
night, and was recognized , by Policeman
Cook as a man he wanted on a charge of
robbery. Cook notified the Judge and
Reed was taken to the City Prison and
booked on the charge. He is accused of
robbing J. Killoch, a seafaring man, in
March last along with two other men,
and warrants for their arrest were sworn
out at the time before Judge Cabanlss.
Arrested for Robbery.
A. D. Bowley, a curbstone broker, was
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Mogan yesterday on a charge of
felony embezzlement. He is accused of
having embezzled 300 shares of the Cen
tral Eureka Mining Company, valued at
$315, which H. E. Averell, 240 Montgomery
street, gave him to sell on January 20
last. Bowley said he had traded the
shares for a diamond sunburst, which he
wanted Averell to take, but Averell re
fused.
Bowley Held to Answer.
President, C. O. Southard, M. D. ; first vice
president, T. B. Moore, M. D. ; second • vice
president, Twyman H. Harper, Ph.G. ; execu
tive committee — F. B. Williams, M. D.;
Thomas Fletcher, D.D.S.; F. M. Baldwin. M.
D.: R- R. Bullock, M. t>.: B. Crawley, Ph.G.:
J B. Bodilla. M. D.; J. D. Hill. M. D. Sec
retary, Charles M. TroDpmann. M. D. ; treas
urer, E. A. Besson, M. D. . .
The Alumni Association of the College of
Physicians and Surgeons met last evening
at the college. The following were elected
officers for the ensuing year:
Medical Alumni Meets.
The United States Civil Service Com
mission will on June 26 hold an examina
tion for the position of pressman, Phil
ippine service, two vacancies, salary $1400
per annum each. Age limit 18 years or
over. Applicants will be required to show
the extent of their experience with liiehle
presses. Persons who desire to compete
should apply to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D. C,
or to the secretary of the local board of
examiners, Postofnce, for application
form 1093, which should be filed with the
commission at Washington. Persons un
able to file applications but whose re
quests are received In time to ship papers
to the examination places will be exam
ined.
Pressmen Wanted.
SEAMEN'S UNION WILL
GIVE ENTERTAINMENT
pared for Wednesday Even
ing's Meeting.
Programme of Unusual Merit Is Pre-
On Wednesday evening, the 25th Inst..
an entertainment will be given at the
Seamen's Institute, at 33 Steuart street,
and it promises to be one of the best ever
held there.
Professor Cadrel Hopkins will give a
piano solo and Harry Barbee will sing.
There will be a specialty by Charles Mat
thews and a solo by Miss May Pettee.
Lucian Bacigalupi will render a vocal solo
and Fred Bowman will give a monologue.
There will be a song by Harry P. Con
nor, and Robert C. Madison will show how
clever he is as a mimic. Miss Ruth Wil
son will dance and selections will be given
by Miss Flora Davis. There will be a spe
cialty by Al Sanders and a vocal solo by
Miss Gertrude Prather. At the conclusion
John Pettee will deliver an address.
T. Ota, second officer of the Japanese steam
ship Hongkong Mam, was waylaid by footpads
on Sunday morning In the vicinity of the Mail
dock, robbed and roughly handled. He spent
Saturday evening a guest of the Japanese Con
sul, and, later paid a visit to the Nippon Club,
where he remained until after midnight. He
was attacked about 200- yards from the dock.
His assailants first struck him over the head.
While one of them held him by the throat the
others stripped him of valuables. They took
his watch and his money, they ripped off his
collar and tore out the bosom of his shirt for
the Jeweled buttons displayed there, and" re
moved his cuffs which contained more jewelry.
They were pulling oft his shoes when the sound
of approaching footsteps scared them away.
The police are working on the case, but Ota
vows he will never again walk the San Fran
cisco streets after nightfall.
Footpads at Mail Dock.
Her husband followed her there, where
upon she sent word to the officer on the
beat, A. D. Layne, to come and arrest
him. Gilfeather was ugly and snowed
fight, and the officer had to club him into
submission before he could get the hand
cuffs on him. Gilfeather landed on the
officer after being handcuffed and Yayne
found it necessary to use his club again.
Both men were taken to the Emergency
Hospital, where Gilfeather was treated
for a bad scalp wound. Gilfeather is a
bad man .when in his cups, and it is al
leged that on a former occasion he bit off
an officer's finger In one of his mad fights.
Gus Gilfeather, druggist and politician,
residing at 914 Howard street, became in
toxicated last night and went on a hunt
for his wife, who, hearing of his condi
tion, took refuge with friends at 223 Sec
ond avenue.
Wife and Is Arrested After
a Hard Tussle.
Gus Gilfeather Attempts to Abuse
The California Inanimate Target Asso
ciation met in the office of A. M. Shields.
Crocker building, last evening, for the
purpose of dissolving the association. The
meeting was called to order by the presi
dent, Dr. W. S. George of Antloch. The
affairs of the association were carefully
considered, the bills being all paid and the
surplus divided among the clubs in good
standing. A new association was then
formed with Dr. W. S. George as the
temporary president, W. J. Street tem
porary secretary, and T. L. Lewis tem
porary vice president. A committee of
four, composed of Dr. W. S. George, W.
S. Street, T. L. Lewis and A. M. Shields,
was appointed to draft bylaws. After
some consideration it was decided to call
the association the Pacific Coast Trap
shooting Association, and to invite all the
States of. the Pacific Coast to join the as
sociation. Although' the association is
made up of nearly all amateur shooters,
professional men will not be excluded
from the tournaments, of which there
will be not less than one a year. Prepara
tions are being made by the organization
to make the new association a Buccess,
and one able to compete with the gun clubs
of the East. The next meeting will be
held at the call of the committee, when
the bylaws will be passed upon.
Members of Pacific Coast Trap Shoot-
ing Association Convene
and Elect Officers.
The San Francisco councils of the
Royal Arcanum celebrated the silver an
niversary of the order by an entertain
ment in Golden Gate Hall last night. The
hall was crowded by members of the or
der and their friends', and these were en
tertained with the presentation of the
beautiful play entitled "The Littlest
Girl," which was very well received.
There were also songs by Miss Mignon
Judson and J. H. Davies, a brief address
and the reading of the supreme regent's
letter by G. Gunzendorfer, grand regent
of California. The programme closed
with a jolly little comedietta entitled
"Because He Loved Her So," written by
M. S. de Roco, a member of the order.
There was dancing for an hour.
The committee that directed the enter
tainment was composed of G. B. Tuley,
chairman; George W. Dixon, secretary;
Mark Neuman. J. J. Silvey, w: V. N.
Bay, W. S. Behrens,\T. C. Weber, Charles
M. Dickson, C. C. McDougall, G. H.
Bartlett, H. D. Hutt, W. M. Young, A.
H. Merrill, Harry Stone, J. M. Geary, G.
Gunzendorfer, Thomas Banks, M. S. de
Roco, Ernest Duden, R. Stone, J. B.
Whitney, H. G. W. Dinkelspiel.iJ. R. Mc-
Gufflck and Fred Head. J. Charles Web
ber was floor manager.
fore Large Audience in Golden
Gate Hall.
Pleasing Entertainment Is Given Be-
INTOXICATED DRUGGIST
CXUBBED BY POLICEMAN
OLD GUN CLUB DISSOLVED
AND NEW ONE ( ORGANIZED
CELEBRATION BY COUNCIL
• OF ROYAL ARCANUM
Henry Hamilton, another of the gang,
pleaded guilty to burglary with two prior
convictions and will be sentenced Satur
day. ¦ ¦ .
Joseph King, the preacher convict, and
his partner, ¦ Thomas Barker, were given
a respite in Judge Lawler's court yester
day afternoon. . They were charged with
grand larceny, but their attorney moved
that all the proceedings against them be
declared irregular because the informa
tion against them in the lower court was
improperly introduced. From the tone of
Judge Lawler's remarks it is probable
that the motion will be sustained and
the cases remanded to the committing
court.
of Trial on Numerous Charges
of Burglary.
King and Barker Secure Continuaao
CONVICT PREACHER
V GAINS A RESPITE
Troubles of Brotherhood Carpenters
Will Reach Acute Stage Next
Week.
The Building Trades Council was sus
tained in its fight against the brother
hood of carpenters by the members of
Millmen's Union No. 423 last night. The
indorsement consisted in voting in favor
of a resolution declaring that unions af
filiated with the council shall belong to
no other central organization. The vote
stood 347 for and 4 asainst.
Carpenters' Union No. 483 of the broth
erhood met last night and reports were
received tending to show that the broth
ethood men were standing firm. Notice
was received that the stairbuilders would
stand by the brotherhood. All appears
in readiness for the fight of next week,
when it is expected that the contractors
will carry out their resolve not to recog
nize any carpenters who cannot furnish
working cards issued by the Building
Trades Council.
At a meeting of the Barbers' Union last
night it was decided that the new time
schedule shall- go into effect on August 2
instead of the 9th, as 'was at first pro
posed. The schedule provides for one
hour a day "less than at present. " Shops
are to close at 10 o'clock Saturday nights,
at 11 a. m. Sundays and at 9 o'clock p. m.
on days preceding holidays. The schedule
meets with the opposition of the master
barbers and trouble is likely to ensue.
MILLMEN INDORSE
BUILDING TRADES
The Board of Election Commissioners
met yesterday morning, with Commis
sioner Oliver Everett in the chair. The
Registrar reported that 17,000 voters had
registered to date, an increase of 8966
over the same period in 1900, due to keep
ing the office open In the evenings.
The contract for erecting booths for the
primary election was awarded to George
P. de Gear at $12 55 per house.
Carl T. Spelling, attorney for the Union
Labor party, filed a petition for a place
on the official ballot at the primary elec
tion to be held August 12, 1902. This peti
tion is the first presented by any political
party, and is sworn to by William P. De
lany, chairman of the party's executive
committee.
The candidates named in the petition to
be nominated by the convention of the
party are Railroad Commissioner, mem
ber of the Board of Equalization, Con
gressmen from Fourth and Fifth dis
tricts, members of the Assembly for the
eighteen Assembly districts; Senators
from the Eighteenth, Twentieth, Twenty
second and Twenty-fourth Senatorial dis
tricts; Judges of the Superior Court and
Justices of the Peace.
After hearing statements of Attorney
Spelling the formal consideration of the
petition was set for Monday, June 30, at 9
a. m.
Six hundred and ninety-eight election
officers were appointed for the 113 pre
cincts at the primary to be held August
12— one inspector, two. judges and three
clerks for each precinct.
Monday, by Board of Election
Commissioners.
Consideration of Same Set for Next
THE sad news was received in the
city yesterday that Theodore
Goodman Hosmer, a popular
young student of Stanford Uni
versity, had died on Sunday at
Wawona.
The young man was nearly 21 years of
age and had a promising future. He was
just entering the junior class at college.
He was attacked with appendicitis while
in the Yosemite and was taken to the
hotel at Wawona. Dr. Gardner of the
Southern Pacific was summoned from
this city and decided that an operation
was necessary. The young man passed
away soon after this operation.
J. A. Hosmer, who holds a responsible
position in" the general passenger office
of the Southern Pacific, was the father
of the deceased, and General Passenger
Agent T. H. Goodman of the same com
pany was his uncle. ''.
Last evening a number of friends of the
deceased left for Wawona and will escort
the body to Palo Alto, where the funeral
will take place, possibly on Thursday.
A pathetic Incident of the young man's
death is the fact that his mother, who Is
journeying from the East,, is not aware of
it. T. H. Goodman left last evening to
meet Mrs. Hosmer at Truckee and inform
her of the bereavement.
Theodore Q. Hosmer
Dies Suddenly at
Wawona.
Peterson's only defense was that the
boy was lying, but the Judge found him
guilty and ordered him to appear for sen
tence this morning.
Albert Peterson, 19 Hattie street, was
tried before Judge Mogan yesterday on
tho charge of battery upon his son Alfred,
11 years of age. The boy testified that
last Friday his father threw hi3 daughter
Ida, who is 6 years of age, on the bed
and commenced to choke her. The boy
rushed to his sister's assistance and the
defendant struck him and chased him. out
of the house. It was all because Ida had
worn her new dress that day. The boy,
In answer to the Judge, said that his
father always beat him and. his little sis
ters, and was drunk most of the time.
Peterson got permission to question the
boy and asked, "Who told you to tell
these lies about me?" and the little fel
low replied, "They are not lies. I am
speaking the truth, and you know It."
The boy also said that his father chased
his mother out of the house and threat
ened to kill her if she had him arrested.
Mogan of Battery on Daughter
and Son.
Albert Peterson Convicted by Judge
ATTORNEY FILES PETITION
• FOR UNION LABOR PARTY
ARE ENRAPTURED WITH
VIEW FROM TAMALPAIS
Climatclo gists Visit Places of Inter
est and- Conclude Their Stay
With Banquet.
• The Eastern climatologists who are vis
iting California in the interests of science
returned from their trip- to ; Mount Tamal
pais yesterday morning. They one "and
all declared that the view was the finest |
it had ever been their good fortune to I
enjoy. Forecaster McAdie of the Weath
er Bureau was their pilot on the excur
sion.
The visitors spent yesterday afternoon
at the park. Cliff, beach and other places
of interest. On their return they were
banqueted at a downtown restaurant.
The presidents of the local commercial
organizations, the prominent physicians
of the city and several professors from
the State and Stanford universities were
present at the feast and accorded the vis
itors a hearty welcome.
The party has concluded its researches
and will leave for the East to-day.
EOY SAVES HIS SISTER
FROM BEING STRANGLED
YOUNG., STANFORD UNIVER
SITY. STUDENT WHO EX
PIRED AFTER OPERATION.
"WOMAN REVERED BY GRAND
ARMY MEN IS ASPHYXIATED
VALUABLE STATUE ARRIVES
IN NEW YOSK FROM ITALY
Joseph . D. Bedding's Beautiful Pur
chase, Ariadne, -to Be Shown
First in San Francisco.
A statue. of great beauty has just ar
rived in New York from' Florence, Italy,
and will in the course of a couple of
weeks be on exhibition at the Mark Hop
kins Art Institute..
The work of art was purchased by Jo
seph D. Redding while in Florence, and
though he was invited to give' a public
view of the statue in New York, Mr. Red
ding for the sentimental reason of having
bf en connected at one time with the Hop
kins Art Institute as president declined
to "have the object d'art shown elsewhere
than within the walls of the institute. -
The statue, which is life size and fun
length, represents Ariadne, tho wife of
Bacchus, goddess of the vine. The figure,
which is of Carrara marble, is lightly
draped and is holding aloft a goblet while
apparently coming down ' the vine-cla>i
hills of Sicily. '. . •
The sculptor is Professor, Bertolotti,
who is well known for the admirable
work he has done for the Bazzantls of
Florence. -. ¦-' ¦ • '
Mr. Redding, Influenced with a desire
that his friends of California should be
the first to view "Ariadne," has also
been swayed in his wish to exhibit the
statue here by the idea that it wiir be a
valuable study for the students of Cali
fornia.
CAMPAIGN .CONPBBENCE
OF CITY REPUBLICANS
Mrs. Margaret Randall, Beloved of
the Veterans, Is Killed at Her
Residence by Gas.
OAKLAND, June 23.— Mrs. Margaret M.
Randall, known as Grandma Randall in
Grand Army circles throughout the Pa
cific Coast, was found dead from gas
suffocation this morning in her bedroom
at 1306 Harrison street. The discovery
was made by the aged woman's son,
George B. Randall, who had gone to tha
room to see why his mother had not risen.
There is not the slightest evidence of
suicide. According to the son, the old
lady, who was nearly 75 years of ag^.
retired last night in the best of health,
after enjoying a family reunion during
the day with her children and grandchil
dren.
Mrs. Randall's life had been one . of
much activity in religious and Grand
Army circles. During the Civil War she
was a volunteer army nurse In the hos
pitals at her native city, Albany, N. Y.
After the organization of the Grand Army
of the. Republic and the women's auxil
iaries Mrs. Randall became identified
very closely with that work. Through
out California and Oregon the veteran
nurse was well known. During the later
years of her life the appellation of
"Grandma" was given to her because of
her motherly Interest In the veterans'
'welfare. Mrs. Randall "was an honorary
member of John A. Dlx Circle, . Woman's
Relief Corps of San Jose. For four years
she had resided with her son, Mr. Ran
dall, in Alameda, Berkeley and in thla
city. Another son, Cuarles A. Gilbert,
also resides in Oakland. She was a
widow.
The Coroner will hold an inquest. Th»
funeral will be held Wednesday afternoon
at 2 o'clock under Grand Army auspices
at Loring Hall. The interment will be
in the Grand' Army plat at Mountain
View Cemetery. ,.-,;¦- v .'^i-'
Hite Estate in Court.
John R. Hlte, whose wife, Cecelia Hlte.
died suddenly on the 10th Inst., petitioned
the Superior Court yesterday for the ap
pointment of R. J. Blennerhassett, her
nephew, as administrator of the estate
of the. deceased, who died intestate. Hlte
achieved considerable notoriety recently
by reason of a suit for a wife's share of
his large holdings brought by Lucy Hlte,
an Indian woman, who claimed to have
been married to him years ago.
Gage Makes New Appointment.
Governor Gage yesterday appointed H.
E. Leland trustee of the Home for tha
Feeble Minded, vice John D. Mackenzie,
resigned. Mr. Mackenzie was appointed
by the Governor to" oust Dr. A. E. Os
borne, the superintendent of the notre,
and having fulfilled that mission Mac
kenzie now steps down.
in Marble Corridors of Mills -
Building. "
Ghost of Grand Hotel Party "Walks
About fifty Republicans met last night
at 8 o'clock at Assembly Hall, second
floor "of the Mills building, and discussed
ways and means for taking an Initiative
in a movement which will secure the elec
tion from this city of an Independent dele
gation to the Republican State convenr
tion. ' . i
Charles L. Patton was elected tempor
ary chairman and George &.' Squires tem
porary secretary. The chairman was
given the power to , select an executive
committee of eleven, who, in their turn,
will elect three delegates from each of
the eighteen districts for the purpose of
reorganizing the Republican party. The
chairman also was authorized to engage
headquarters. Speeches were -made by
Horace Davis, C. A. Murdock, Judge Heb
bard, George L. Center, George C. Sar
gent, Daniel T. Cole and Thomas D. Rior
dan.. The. meeting adjourned . at 9:30
o'clock ta the call of . the chair. . •
Institute Will Entertain.
The members of Ignatian Council No.
35, Young Men's Institute, will entertain
their friends on Monday evening, June
30, at the council's meeting hall, at 24
Fourth street. An excellent literary and
musical programme has been prepared
for the occasion.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Catherine Heyneman from Robert
Heyneman for neglect, Florence Keith
from. Henry L.' Keith for desertion. An
nie E. Crackbon from Henry L. Crack
bon for desertion, Annie McAleer from
Cornelius McAleer for neglect, Laura S.
Glanville "from W. W. Glanvillo for de
sertion and Lena P. Matiliano from Bar
ti Matiliano for cruelty. Clara L. Pear
son Is suing Ossle W. Pearson for di
vorce for desertion. They were married
in May, 1889. . ' : :
Used Knife on Employer.
Carl Schroeder was held to answer be
fore the Superior Court by Judge Conlan
yesterday on a charge of asault to mur
der. He la accused of stabbing his em
ployer, Nicholas Bose. 4199 Seventeenth
street, with a knife during a quarrel on
June 16.
Used Scissors to Insure Silence.
An Italian peddler, who gave the. name. of
Patrick McHugh, was caught yesterday by
Police Sergeant Thomas Mahoney in the act
of cutting out the tongue of a goose. The
alleged McHueh explained that the goose re
fused to go along quietly, and as he had a pair
of scissors In his socket and intended to kill
the goose anyway just as soon as convenient,
he thought he could best insure the necessary
silence by removing the tongue. McHugh was
drunk, and as he had got no further with his
silencing operation than getting a focus on the
tongue, he was locked up on the plain charge
of drunk. • ¦ <•¦;-. - . •.
Two Insolvencies.
Milo D. Phelps, a vineyardist residing
in San Jose, filed a petition in insolvency
yesterday in the United States District
Court. He owes $23,364 51 and has no as
sets. His heaviest creditors are B. F.
Ingels of San Jose. $8700; J. Ray Phelpa.
$5010: Home Union. $1029; Mrs. S. C.
Phelps, $3253; California Wine. Makers,
$2700. :¦ ....
Oliver M. Jones, a leather good3 worker
residing in Berkeley, also filed a petition
in insolvency. He owes $1S83 26 and has
$559 assets.
Betailers of New York Make Ar-
BTJTCHEKS ORGANIZE
TO EIGHT BEEF TBTJST
rangements With "Western
Drovers and Ranchmen.
NEW YORK. June 23.— The Retail
Butchers* Protective Association an
nounced to-night that a company had
been formed to fight the so-called bAef
trust. The company has a capital stock
of $1,000,000, two-thirds of which ha3 al
ready been subscribed, according to
President Edward F. O'Neil.
It is said that arrangements have been
made with drovers and ranchmen in the
West to supply 2000 head of cattle a
week, the shipments to begin In about a
month. The present demand In thla city
is between . 10,000 and 15,000 head. Tho
new cprapany has been named the "Re
tail Butchers' Abattoir," and It is said
has already been promised the active
support of the 45.000 retail butchers in
Greater New York.
To-morrow the visitors will be the
gt-ests of San Jose Turn Verein and will
be taken on excursions about the city.
This evening a ball closed' the turnfest.
PaulUth, the head turnwart of the Be
zirk, and Mrs. Lienbridge of Oakland led
the grand march, in which there were
about seventy-five couples. During the
evening the awards of prizes were an
nounced.
Hans Goetz of San Francisco was
awarded the first prize in ;the literary
contest. J. G. McMillan of San Jose won
the shooting contest by a score of 57 In a
field of sixteen. «.
In the grand prize singing last night
the singing section of Oakland Turn
Verein was awarded first prize and the
San Jose Turn Verein second.
There was a larger attendance to-day
than yesterday and at no time did interest
in the sports lag. Schuetzen Park wan
crowded. To-day's programme included
all kinds of field sports, pole vaulting,
high and broad jumping, weight lifting,
fencing and wrestling. In these the fol
lowing teams were entered: San Francis
co, 16 men; Eintract, 20: Vorwaerts,- 2;
Oakland Turn Verein, 7; Sacramento Turn
Verein, 4. There was a big rivalry be
tween the teams.
SAN JOSE, June 23.— San Francisco
Turn Verein captured the honors of the
nineteenth annual turnfest of the Pacific
Bezirk and Frederick Attinger, one of its
members, was declared the star Turner.
Eintracht of San Francisco came second,
Oakland Turn Verein third and Sacra
mento Turn Verein fourth. The scores
made at Schuetzen Park to-day were all
good, although no records were broken.
The pole vaulting was above the average.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"It Is useless to use fire, now that the
pests have wings," he said. " The only
thing to do Is to use poison. I have found
that bran and molasses and arsenic, makes
a mixture that kills them Quickly. •
"The recent action of the Board of.Hor
ticultural Commissioners agreeing to re
imburse all farmers whose property was
destroyed by fires is thus • rendered nil.
There Is no further use, either, for con
certed action by the farmers, and every
thing will ' depend now on individual, ef
fort."-- - - ¦ •¦'..•¦•
Professor .Woodworth met Mr. Castla
of Castle Brothers in San Francisco this
afternoon and he was assured that the
San Francisco Board of Trade woul.i
make ah appropriation to. help the.farm
ers. . . . . . ; ' ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ..
Professor C. W. Woodworth of the De
partment 'of Agriculture of the State Uni
versity brought back this news to-day.
He has i been advising the farmers of
Roseville district, where the 'hoppers are
thickest
BERKELEY, June 23.— The use of fire
for the extermination of the grasshoppers
that are ravishing the fields of the State
is no longer of any account. So much
time has elapsed now since the pests be
gan their, depredations with little being
done to destroy them that wings have
grown upon them, providing them with
the means of flying from the approach of
fire. .
The term "local train" shall be construed
to be a main line train or a train connecting
with a main line train, not including, how
ever, in this definition a train known as "lim
ited" passenger train.
Provided, that no failure to comDly .with
these provisions shail have been established by
the final decree of some court of competent
Jurisdiction, j
"When said railroad shall have been con
structed and put in operation there shall be
established and maintained a station on the
line of said railroad between Dwieht way and
Hopkins street, where at least one passenger
train in each direction and one freight train la
each direction shall stop daily to receive pas
sengers and freight for transportation to locul
points on the line of the guarantees herewltn
and to through points on other line* with
which *ald guarantees or their assignees have
traffic relations or. agreements. Provided, how
ever, If more than one local passenger train
be operated then at least two passenger tratni
shall stop and receive and deliver passengers
at such station, unless a strike, epidemic, pub
lic calamity, riot. war. public enemy, act of
God or accident interfere with or prevent;
BERKELEY, June 23.— After much de
bating to-night the Town Trustees passed
the Santa Fe franchise to print. Tfca
clause over which the dispute arose was
finally compromised as follows:
Six young men, all natives of the
State of California, received the sacra- |
n'ent of holy orders yesterday morn
ing at St. Dominic's Church at ¦ 7:30
o'clock. Archbishop Riordan performed the
ceremony and he was attended by the
Rev. Fathers Dempsey and Ramm. The
Rev. Fathers Welch, Wilson and O'Danlel,
represented the Dominican order at the
altar.
Three of the young men took major or
ders and three minor orders. Those made
subdeacons were Brother Bertrand Clyno
of Benicia and Brother Humbert Kelly
and Brother Andrew Hunt of Sari Fran
cisco. Those ordained to the minor order
were Brother Raphael Corcoran of 'Val
lejo and Brother Basil Kenny and Brother
Antonious Lewis of this city.
This morning at 7 o'clock at the same
church the three former brothers will be
raised by the Archbishop to the rank of
deacons and on Wednesday they will be
ordained to the priesthood.
Next Monday morning at 11 o'clock
Brother Humbert Kelly will, as a Do
minican father, celebrate his first mass at
St. Dominic's Church. This being his
birthplace, it is expected that a large
number of his friends will attend the sac
rament. He will be assisted by Father
Wilson as deacon and Father Clancy as
subdeacon. Father Driscoll; will preach
the sermon on this occasion.
Brother Clyne, who will also be a priest
at the same time, will journey to' Benicia
and celebrate his first mass there on Sun
day morning at 10:30 o'clock. He will be
assisted by Father O'Daniel as deacon
and Brother Antonious Lewis as subdea
con. Father Welch will preach the. ser
mon. ...
Brother Hunt will celebrate his first
mass Sunday at Vallejo at 10:30 a. m.
Father Lamb will act as deacon on .tho
altar and Brother Raphael Corcoran will
be subdeacon. Father O'Neil will preach
the sermon at Vallejo. - . ¦ .
Under the rules of the Dominican order
it takes six years of continual Study be
fore a candidate is eligible to become a
Dominican father.
Emil Nusbaurner, who is getting the
credit for compiling those incriminating
affidavits against Assessor Dalton and
Editor Daniels, was a witness before the
Grand Jury td-dav. Mr. Nusbaumer talk
ed right out in meeting and didn't mind
telling all about it afterward. Here are
some of the things he says he said:
"You know anything goes before a
Grand Jury. They take all kind of hear
say testimony and if a fellow feela like
making a stump speech' it's all right. So
I made my stump speech.
"They asked me if I knew what be
came of those missing books, and I told
them I didn't know, but that if they
wanted my opinion I would give it. Then,
without any invitation, I proceeded to tell
them that I was pretty . certain there
never were any books to miss and that
Daniels and Dalton got the money for
them.
"They asked me if I was instrumental
in bringing about these charges, and I
said to them: 'Just imagine your worst
enemy and then think of all the venom
that you have stored up against him for
years, and you will have some idea of
my position. These fellows have been
attacking me ruthlessly, brutally, unnec
essarily and I resent it." That is what I
said."
W. S. Warren of the circulating de
partment of the Enquirer and E. B. Jor
dan, the assistant cashier of that paper,
were immaterial witnesses this morning.
M. de L. Hadley was recalled this after
noon to finish his testimony.- The Inves
tigation went over until Wednesday. . .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, June 23. .
Secretary Shaw is at present in Chi
cago. Secretary Shaw and the President
will doubtless consider these matters, but
the Secretary has not yet filled General
Sr-iulding's place. It only pays $4500 a.
yea:, so that it is oirficult to' get a hlgh
clasrs man for the position.
In consequence of the decision of Gen
eral Spaulding importers who were en
gaged in the deception on the Govern
ment went even so far as to demand the
removal of Appraiser Wakeman by Presi
dent Roosevelt, and but for the fact that
competitors of an offending firm forced
an investigation and carried the case to
the President entirely independent of the
treasury officials the whole conspiracy
would have remained unexposed and
Wakeman would have appeared in the
light of a vexatious meddler.
The action of the Treasury Department
in definitely terminating the services of
General Spaulding as Assistant Secre
tary will doubtless be followed by other
changes. Secretary Shaw has old-fash
ioned notions as to these matters, and if
the Department of Justice cannot find
ground for prosecuting those who were
jointly responsible for what amounted al
most to a miscarriage of justice, he is
likely to endeavor to find grounds for
tlieir removal.
Spaulding sustained the Collector of the
Port at New York and was in turn sus
tained by the underlings of the Collector,
Solicitor of the Treasury, United States
District Attorney of New York, chief of
special agents and the whole shoal of
smaller fry.
General O. L. Spaulding, First Assistant
Secretary of the Treasury, has been defi
nitely notified by Secretary Shaw that he
i3 to retire. He will probably not again
exercise the functions of an assistant, tho
Secretary of the Treasury being at the
present time on a leave of absence. Gen
eral Spaulding has been in the customs
service for many years. He is a very ex
pert official, knowing all the intricate de
tails of tariffs and their application. His
position placed him in charge of all of the
intricate cases of disputed duties, and he,
as head of the customs division, opposed
Conner Appraiser Willbur F. WaKeman
oi New York, who contended that Rosen
thai <£ Co., importers of Japanese silks,
had been evading customs auties to the
amount of $Gu0,<X>0 a year by means of
lalse invoices and incorrect rates.
CALL BUREAU. 140G G STREET, N.
W-. WASHINGTON. June 23.— That clean
sweep in the customs division of the
Treasury Department which was predict
ed long before the filing of the report of
"\V. V»*ickham with the Deputy Attorney
General concerning customs frauds con
nected with importations of Japanese
silks has begun in the Treasury Depart
ment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Passenger and Freight Train3
Will Stop Daily in the
College Town.
the Insects.
Professor Woodworth Sug
gests Mixture That Poisons
Says They Were Never Printed
and That His Enemies
Got the Money.
Three Will Be Raised to the
Priesthood by Archbishop
Riordan.
He Is Suspected of Being Inter
ested in a Smuggling
Ring.
Frederick Attinger Is De
clared to Be the Star
Turner.
Pests Use Strong Wings
to Carry Them Out
of Danger.
Tells Grand Jury What
He Thinks Became
of Bool^a
Berkeley Town Trustees
Pass Instrument
. to Print. .
Assistant Secretary of
Treasury Is Notified
to Retire.
Six Californians Become
Members of Domini
can Order.
Captures the Honors
of the Nineteenth
Turnfest. .
NUSBAUMER TALKS
OUT IN MEETING
FIRE OF NO USE
AGAINST 'HOPPERS
SAN FRANCISCO
VEREIN WINNER
SANTA FE WILL
GET FRANCHISE
CUSTOMS FRAUDS
CAUSE SCANDAL
NATIVE SONS
ARE ORDAINED
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902.
YOUNG STUDENT
IS CALLED AWAY
BY THE REAPER
9
I bequeath to my children Scrofula with all its $P*^L\v'/J 6b
attendant horrors, humiliation and suffering. This is a
strange legacy to leave to posterity ; a heavy burden to i^O^ tl^^fn
plate upon the shoulders of the young. '. ¦ ' \ jfj/tv+iluv
This treacherous disease dwarf s the body and hinders «^n / ./V?J*»' I
the growth "and^ development of the faculties, and the H--|fc»Ir.'^M\
child born of blood poison, or scrofula-tainted parentage, If d*L
is poorly equipped for life's duties. wV^rc&ilil v l\
Scrofula is a disease with numerous and varied NS#^$s\illi»^]
Symptoms ; enlarged glands or tumors about the neck /g|S^,
and armpits, catarrh of the head, weak eyes and dreadful I^^^^n^^^
skin eruptions upon different parts of the body show the »*^ "r*.
presence of tubercular or scrofulous matter in. the blood. This dangerous
and stealthy disease~entrenches itself securely in the system and attacks
the bones and tissues, destroys the. red corpuscles of the blood, resulting in
white swelling, a pallid, waxy appearance of the skin, loss of strength and
a gradual wasting away of the body.
S. S. S. combines both purifying and tonic properties, and is guaran-
S^_ m^ y*^^ teed entirely vegetable, making it the ideal remedy in
r^^l r^S. a^ scrofulous affections.. It purifies the deteriorated
d^°°^» makes it rich and strong and a complete and
fc»»^/ permanent cure is soon effected. S. S. S. improves
,'¦ the digestion and assimilation of food, restores the
lost properties to the blood and quickens the circulation, bringing a healthy
color to the skin and vigor to the weak and emaciated body. J
Write us about your case and our physicians will cheerfully advise and
help you in every possible way to regain your health. Book on blood and
Skin diseases free. . THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., Atlanta, G*.
No good Judge
£*! of Whiskeys
will buy or drink any
jagtor other than a true, straight
|p| HAND-MADE SOUR
/lO MASH Whiskey.
all fi
/^S\ A/JLJJ
fc»UiM.Anm» JuLYirna J^ «f W
I— — ~,—W will always have the
'F?Vr I P' efere " ce - T° th °se
** *¦* ' who are not judges, a
v'^Trl ,w*Tr crcoked whiskey o t;n
Co /| goes, as it is "calculated
P ...„„. yf to deceive." The effects
— =^ are realized later.
H. B. KtKK & CO., Sole Bottlers, N.-Y.
Gold Medal awarded for quality at Paris
Ex posit on, 1900.
CATTON, BELL & CO.,
60 LE DISTRIBUTORS.
San Francisco, Ca>
ADVERTISEMENTS.
!; Redustion Until July 15th. |
In order to further introduce L
I our painless methods we have y
decided to reduce our prices un- g
til July 15th. By presenting this K
advertisement to the doctor you l|
can get H
Sets of Teeth for $2.50
Gold Crowns for $2.50 |
Bridge Work for $3.00 |
M"o Charge for examinations, R
advice. Teeth Extracted With- H
out Pain Free. H
I Open every evening until 9. w
Sunday 10 to 4. p
20-year guarantee with all work. !
STERLING PAINLESS
DENTAL PARLORS, 1
997 MARKET STREET. B
UNCLE SAM'S BiHTHDAY
anniversary promises to be a pretty warm
one as the Fourth of July usually is. so
declare your independence of midsummer
heat and wilted linen by having it laun-
dered at a place where they will give you
high grade laundry work with the ex-
quisite color and artistic finish that is the
Ftamp of perfect laundry work, such as
we niways give you.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902.
10
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 420 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 16S: expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 52 1 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleaning, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page st.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab.i 20 years.
Tc-1. Main 1907. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice : all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
A SWEDISH woman wishes to cook for men or
on a ranch; good refs: MRS. NORTON. 313
Sutter st.
A SWEDISH second girl; good waitress and
seamstress; refs. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sut-
ter Et. _
KESPECTABLE woman wishes position ; xood
¦ cook: private family: lome washing; will go
:-'iiort lii^tnnct- in country. 704 Folsom St.,
near Fouith; references.
SWEDISH ivcman wants work by the day; la
first-class laundress and cook; can give first-
class references. 1223 Stelnerst^
GOOD, willing woman; a great housecleaner,
and can do most any kind 'of work; good ref-
erences; wages* $1 day and car fare; good
washer of flannels. 165 Tehama, r. 2, upstairs.
AN experienced nurse wishes position In insti-
tution or private family; liest y of city refer-
ences. Box 1162. Call office.
WANTED — A position by a young lady doing
housework or upstairs work. Address 1500V4
Polk st. ¦ ...
WOMAN wants work by the day, washing and
housework. MRS. G.. 131 Taylor st.
EXPERIENCED girl wants situation for up-
stairs work; best of references. Address L.
A.. 40 Colllngwood st. . .
COMPETENT young woman desires position as
second girl or housekeeper. Call or address
1133 Guerrero St.. near Twenty- fourth.
A GERMAN lady wants to go out to flo wash-
Ing and house-clean I ngr. 278 Natoma st., nr.
Fourth, i -
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; frse
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister, st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription*
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMKN'r~AVANTED— -M ALE.
STRONG, willing young man, good appearance,
wishes general work; good hand around
horses; references If required; Is first-class
stenographer. Box 1157. Call office.
SOBER young man wishes work as choreman
about private family; can milk, care for
horses and do Inside work; have references.
Box 1074. Call office.
A YOUNG Irishman, 22, would like to learn
bartending trade; some experience. Box 1157,
. Call.
WANTED — Situatiorf'by a middle-aged Ger-
man; good gardener; steady and sober; refer-
ences. Box 4886, Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS window dresser and card writer
desires position with Al firm in or out of
Box 1159, Call.
YOUNG man. hustler with ability, wants em-
ployment: business and office experience. Box
11G0. Coll. __ . . . >¦
WANTED — Painting and paper hanging: city
or country; at low figure. Box' 1163, Call.
AN experienced Janitor and elevator man, city
references, wants work. Box 1179. Call. •
A YOUNG man, 22, desires a position as night
clerk in hotel; city or country. Box 1158, Call.
MAN 39 years old,- 10 years in present position
as nrlvate secretary, accountant and sten-
ographer; will voluntarily give up present po-
sition; has legal education and . considerable
experienco In land titles and conveyancing,
banking and general business affairs; desires
to engage with reputable corporation any-
where In •California; high testimonials from
present employers. Address box 1082, Call. ,
SOBER elderly man wants work In private
place, gardening; good air around man; handy
with tools; references: wages moderate.' A.
W.. Call office. Oakland. -., -^
WANTED — Position as bartender, by a compe-
tent man; country preferred. Address box
48SS. Call 6f flee. Oakland.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE.
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS
THE FIRST GRADUATE PALMIST
AND CLAIRVOYANT EVER
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, m&y be consulted daily on all
affairs of life; his Information and advice
on marriage, divorce, separation, love and
family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful: he reunites the separated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes epeedy marriages, makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines; settles old estates
and accounts that time and circumstances
have piaced beyond the lawyer's shrewdness;
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physician's skill cured without
the use of medicine; there Is no home so
¦ ead and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
lonely, no life fo hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this Inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will help you or charge nothing for his
services; "palmistry taught, medium! s tic
persons developed"; learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. m. to 8 p. m.; fee, reasonable.
326 O'Farrell Street. 326
MME. M. BERNARD. ~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg.
Khe reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life: 25a
up; satlsf action guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" "
PROFESSOR MARCO.
Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages:
Advice given on any subject;
Mediums developed (guaranteed);
Palmistry taught;
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Office. 412 Post St. — il2.
Daily. 10 to 12. 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sundays. 2 to 5 p. m. f
Readings by mail, 3 questions $1 CO.
A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St.,
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send iock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 25c: SPECIAL J2 reading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages In 9 days. 10 to
8 daily.,- 1010 Mission St., nt-ar Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c,
gents $1 ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 CO. 120 Turk.
DON'T be deceived by large advertisements;
call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palrn-
1st; readings by mail. 1016 Market st.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; send dime & birth date. '
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor St., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
questions: full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
MME. JACQUES. 1035 Market St.. Tel. Folsom
34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant: read-
lngs da-Uy this week. 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
WYLLIE. photo medium; skeptics, bring cam-
era and plates: do your own developing. 309
Turk st. ;
MME. RAVENNA roads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, clalrvoj'ant card reader; sit-
tings dally. 44S% Jessie et.. bet. Oth & 6th.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately: L. 25c; G. ROc. 021 ifr Eddy.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, near Oth; open Sun.
PROF. WALLACE, astrological readings this
week, 25c and up. 1035 Market St.. suite 1.
- ¦
CLAIRVOYANTS.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES,
HERMAN MURPHY. C01-602 Examiner bldff.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE «
....*.. On first and second mortgages *
Life interests in estates .. M
Property being held in trust. ........
Undivided interests In real estate «
Estates in probate — Legacies «
Assignment of rents ¦
Life Insurance policies *
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes. n
If you need money. «
See HERMAN MURPHY
601-602 building
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest ratea.
Deal direct with lender.
"" On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided Interests in real estats.
On estates in probate.
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main R510.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent: first.
. second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS* LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY."
Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery St..
Will make loans on real estate.
Lew rate of Interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable crlvate placo to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Ealdwln Jewelry Store, 81(1
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third.
MUNICIPAL Lean Office. 103 Grant av«., neaa
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st cr 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount]
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St., room 38.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, piancs; no removal ;money quick;
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 63.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removalj
no com. :strictly confidential. Tel.Black 52t*3.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity: quietly, quickly, confidentially: lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 20 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by privat*
party; no removal: no commission; confldsn-
tiaU- Room 3. Conservatory bid?.. 301 Jon«s.
$500,000 ENGLISH n:oney; low rates; 1st or
2d mtgs.,und'vd. interests, estates In probate,
life Ins. policies, etc. Harper. 4S0 Parrott bd.
ON furniture, piancs; lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister at.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 17C0: room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
' HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1COO; any security. 302 Montgomery at., r. L.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
• Indorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money en salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
3I0NEY WANTED.
TO borrow — $150 at 10 per cent: good •ecurltjr;
private party; no broker. Box 1184. Call.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALu makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock;, $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
0 Steinway $05 to $2S9
2 Knabe ....$S5 ta $11<I
2 Fischer $75 ta $153
1 Bourne $49
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agent** Tot
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
installment!* $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heln» Hall. 235-231
Geary st.
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS ALL UPRIGHTS.
A Fischer; 3 pedals; mahogany case $181
A Vose; 3 pedals; mahosany caaa
A Schwechten; walnut case; like new... 239
A Steinway: mahogany case; less than... iiOO
A Pease ; fancy oak case ; . . . 2S5
A Chester; good as new; mahogany 193
Easy Daymenta: fully warranted five years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20 O'Farrell.
-ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.. Broad'
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland. \f
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tima
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established. 1S50.
WE are cleaning house and will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as lo—
as $30. and in good condition. Call and sea
our unsurpassed line of new goods as well.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769-
Market st. '• — •
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward: values best In city. PIERCE' S
PIANO FACTORY, Market, 14th _ Church.
SPIRITUALISM.
DR. A. FOSTER, famous spiritualist, trance
¦and materializing medium; free test meeting
every niKht: s;>irit messages; sittings daily.
123 Turk Ht.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis st.. near Franklin;
materializing seance; Sun. Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; readings dally; phone Polk 245(5.
MRS J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit. $1: letter $2: examines
ere. 1104 O'Farrell St.. nr. Gough: Ellis car.
MRS. Harland's test circle to-night: sealed let-
ters ans. 10c: read, daily; ladies 50c. 132 Oth.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing spirit messages to-
night. 005 McAllister: 10c; come, skeptics.
W.G.KEEGAN holds a test seance every night
except Sat.: 10c; sittings daily. 148 6th st.
MRS. HACKER, wonderful medium: truth or
no "pay; 50c. 2S Sixth St., room 1.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance. te6t medium:readings
50c. $1. 316 Third st. ; cir. Tues., Fri.. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1001: seance Sunday and Thura.
GOOD home for child and parent, witn room
and board. P6% Devisadero st.
BICYCLES For Sale or ExchaDge.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; al! prices; call
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkm. 305 Market. 1908 tq 1974 Page.
BOOKS — NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS cf aJt kinds bought; libraries purchaeed.
H. C. Holmes. 114a Market; teL Howard 194C.
BtTSI3i_SS CHAXCES.
A— $350; RESTAURANT and chophouse on
O'Farrell st; good business; rent $75. Par-
tlculars R. G. WILKE. 20^ Kearny st.
1550 — COAL and wood yard on Howard sU; es-
tablished 25 years; two wagons, horse, etc.;
a good paying business. Call K. G. WILKE.
21H& Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
et. ; 4 living rooms; rtnt $45; place estab-
lished years; In short, a pood business. See
R. G. WILKE. 26 W. Kearny st . !
A — $1400; SALOON on Geary st.; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures: a
well-patronized and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE. 2tf»£ Kearny Et.
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will sell at invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent S25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26>4 Kearny.
A— SC5C: DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
n:an and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment. Call K. G.
WILKE. 201*. Kearny st. j
A — $1250; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny £t. ; rent $75; a place established for
10 years and clearing at least $250 per month
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2<JVi Kearny st.
A — $300; 6aloon; rent $15; clears $75 month.
200 lodging-houses; prices from $150 to $5000.
f!25; branch bakery, coffee parlor; clears $50
mouth.
$C50; grocery and bar; receipts $25 day.
For bargains see STRAND. 78 Third st.
A — WE can sell all kinds of business quick for
c«nsh. 6TKAND & CO.. 78 Third £t.
A — CIGAR etore; best In city; recc-lpts $15 day;
cheap lor cash. STRAND. 78 Third st.
EOME bargains at McBride & Co.'s. 765 Markt.
S120— Home bakery with bake oven; boss sick.
S140 — Restaurant; must be sold.
$700— Road house near city; good trade.
$300 — Saloon near water front; more bargains.
CHICKEN ranches. Frultvale, $300, $500- bar-
gains. McBRIDE _ CC, 765 Market st.
GOOD located livery stable. $1500. Call on
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market Et.
EOME GENUINE BARGAINS BY BROWN
& CO.
Grocery. Market St., at invoice price $375
Partner, contracting business, $75 month. 175
Partner, Market st. 6aloon; $100 month.. 300
Partner In restaurant, take caah 75
House and lot; sunny eide; $100 down.. 1000
BROWN _ CO.. 1221 Market St.; est. 1886.
HOME Realty. 873 Market; phone Folsom 1207.
$15,000 — Restaurant; large trade; long lease.
$13,000 — Restaurant; central; money maker.
$2750 — Restaurant & oyster house; big trade.
$2500 — Restrnt. ; N. Market; cheap rent; snap
¥1500— Restaurant; long established; central.
Others from $100 up. Special bargains.
$550 — TRUSTWORTHY partner wanted for
/rlaln office work and do collecting In old-
established contracting and manufacturing
business:- clears $300 month; owner Is prac-
:iea! and responsible man. Apply P. 3
DE LUCA. 012 Clny st. .
$200 — BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery; new
oven; good business; large cellar suitable for
K.ny bakery: 3 living rooms. BASILE.3 Eddy.
CANDY store at a. eacrifice if taken at once-
will eell entire or part. For particulars
•write box 11S5, Call.
$125— FRUIT store; good location; fine busi-
ness; $ liv. rms; sickness. Baslle. 3 Eddy st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED, well equipped barber
fhop for sale on account of sickness of owner
Address immediately The W. A. Mackinder
Co., Acents, St. Helena.
FOR LEASE — Hotel; mineral baths near by;
cpen all year; furnished; lovely grounds;
first-class place. Box 48S5. Call office.
A— CORNER cigar Ftore; will be sold at a
(sacrifice; clearinsr $3 per day; full value In
sight. 1016 Market st.. rocm 10.
A FINE opportunity to lease two upper floors
cf a mv 3-etory brick building in Honolulu:
tultable for first-class ¦ rooming-house; 75
rooms; single and en eulte; modern; second
floor suitable for offices. Box 1080. Call.
$2000 — SALOON, coffee and chop house; 16 fur-
nished rooms; rent only $115: cash register:
safe; 4 years' lease; dally receipts $40 to $45;
owner there 7 years. Particulars, 316 Mar-
kCt Et.. room 18. - • '.;¦¦:,
$3C0— SALOON: pood trade; full value; 3 back
rooms; rent $15; mutt be sold at once. 602*4
Third st^
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store for eale on
account of rlckness: a reasonable offer ac-
cepted; a good chance. Inquire at S20 6th st.
A — $750; CANDY and ice cream parlor. Room
808. ti27 Market et.. bet. 12 and I o'clock.
f OR SALE — Agency of Call at Santa Cruz. In-
quire A. BODEMAJI. 25 Otis St.. Saata Cruz.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others: warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
4 WAITRESSES, first-class resort, $30. MRS.
M. E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
25 WAITRESSES, Santa Cruz Mountains. Lake
Tahoe springs. Pacific Grove, $25 and $20.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
10 WAITRESSES, first-class . commercial ho-
. tels, $25. . MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
PANTRY woman, water resort, $25; girl to
wash napkins, assist dining-room 1 meal,
$25; chambermaid to wait, same place, $25.
MRS. IvI. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
SALESLADY, candy store, no experience nec-
essary, $7; also young lady for evening
work. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
WANTED — Man ar.d wife as cook and helper,
small hotel, ?45. city; 3 cooks, city, $30; 2
maids and seamstress. $25; housework, no
washing, Redwood City, see lady office, 1
o'clock, $30; laundress and chambermaids,
$30_i second girls, city and country, $25; 20
waitresses for summer resorts, $20, $25, fare
paid; 2 cleaningwomen , Institutions, $20;
pastry cook, institution, country, $30, sco
party here; 90 girls for all kinds of house-
work, sood places and good wages; call to-
day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A~PANTRY girCl25; kltchenmaid. $25; a wo-
man to cook for 10 men, no objection to a
child; 10 waitresses, $25 and $20; cook, $30;
houeeglrl, $.".0; nurseglrl. $15: sepond girl, $20;
• 100 housegirls. MISS NORTON, 313 Sutter.
WANTED — A competent girl for general house-
work and plain cooking In ar'Tamily of two;
wages $25. 2442 Jackson St., near Steiner.
WANTED— Competent girl to take care of an
infant; references requlve*!. Call between
10 and 12 a. m. to-day, 2214 Jackson st. ,
GIRL for housework and plain cooking, three
adults, flat six rooms, $15. 1S14 Bush st.
SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. FRED J.
BAUMEL. 16C.8 Market St., near Ninth.
NEAT reliable girl, housework, small fam-
ily. 851 Fulton st.
WANTED — A woman accustomed to teaching
• for lucrative position. Box 1181, Call.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on coats. 2t
Montgomery St., room 7. second floor.
YOUNG girl, general housework; three adults;
$lfi to $20. 15 Fair Oaks st.
FELLING hands wanted on coats; easy work.
339 Fifth st, bet. Folsom and Harrison.
GIRL for light housework; 2 adults.. Call be-
tween 1 and 3 Tuesday, 410 Van Ness ave.
NURSEGIRL for the country; wages $15. Call
Tuesday and Wednesday, 504 Devisadero st.
AN experienced nurseglrl to take care of baby;
<city references. Call, 10 to 12. 1124 Sutter st.
A GOOD restaurant waitress wanted., 7 Taylor
St.; $7 per week.
WORKING housekeeper for family of 3; sleep
home; give age; wages $15. Box 11S6, Call.
WANTED — A first-class waitress. Apply The
Crocker,- 915 Leavenworth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for child and
do light housework. 621 Sacramento st.
DRESS skirts and silk waists operators and
finishers., S. BADEN. 723 Market, 4th floor.
WANTED — Fancy ironer. Oakland . Laundry
Co., 690 Twenty-ninth st., Oakland. ;
OPERATORS and a number of bright girls
will be taken for Instruction ' on overalls,
with a stated amount guaranteed to begin-
ners. STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor-
ner Gough and Grove sts.
GIRL for housework and plain cooking; small
flat; references; $15. 1025 Laguna, nr. Turk.
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32% FREMONT
• ' ST.; MR. DAVIS.
COMPETENT girl for downstairs work and
cooking: wages $25. 214 Spruce st., between
Clay and Washington; take Sacramento-st.
cars.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no /object.
$4 50 — HAIRDRESSING, manlcurtag, massage,
hair work taught In 2 weeks; positions guar-
anteed in stores and with private , customers,
$50 and $75 per month; class day and even-
Ing. College 233 Geary St., rooms. 13-15.
LADIES to learn : barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
hairdresslng taught In four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College. 635 Clay st.
PACIFIC College, 1230 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister: learn for $5; hairdresslng, mas-
sage, dyeing, manicuring, tswltches, etc.; po-
sitions guar. in stores and private; day, eve.
OPERATORS, experienced: also learners, paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS. Muslin
- Underwear Factory, 597 Mission st.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
¦ SON & CO.. 535 Market Bt. >
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO & '\
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. •
25 LADIES wanted for plain dancing. Call at
233 Powell st. ; hours 2 to 5 p. m.
WANTED — Hairdresser and apprentice. Call
at Goldstein '& Conn. 822 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; references. Call
•- morning, 703 Broderick St., near McAllister.
WANTED — A good woman cook for men. Ap-
ply 2030 Seventeenth st.. cor. Vermont.
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week;
1 ,' day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WANTED — Women and girls to work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st. ;
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. ' ' • ' . , ..
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $1;
postage paid • _
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office, 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
WANTED — Second-hand wood-turning lathe.
about 10-inch swing. Address box 4887. Call
office, Oakland.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
¦ OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
I bought. J. R. JESKEL. 817 Market st.
ailSCELLASEOUS WANTS
K V»\ KING, atty., Examiner building, room
C13; all cases, damages, eetates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advanc; charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: civorcts a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success: established 10 yrs.
G. V.'. .jiOWK. S50 Market Et.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint S65. £18 Market et.
I. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ir.s; private divorce a specialty^
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market.
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms
3CU-10-11. Cluaie blag.. 503 California St.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels fcldg.. 027 Mar-
ket bi. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
GLOVES
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post St., S. F.;
catalogue free^ _¦
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
• how do they all get positions and hold them?
90 positions since April 1; Ellis bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
lege, 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST..
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, iaw and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. .' .' .
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College. 530 Golden Gate.
Address Aycrs' . Business Coltepe, 723 Market
st. for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest In the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlnlng.mech., sur-
vey, assav. cvanlde; day. »;ve. ; est. 1S64. Van
der NalUen School. 113 Fulton, rtr. City Hall.
ACTING elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business Col!c-s«. 1433 Market, nr.lOth:
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $0 mo.
Harpist only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi. Hallct School Acting.120 .O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr.frth.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. T'rof. MERKI. good
teacher, 100S Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F..
founded IStSS: new SO-page catalogue free.
EDUCATIONAL.
4LLADIO CREAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream ;
easily digested: a dinner however plain Is
made mere enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets or P. ALI,A1)IO. rnfr.. 120C Sutter st.
FURNITURE AXD MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS..
411 and 413 Powell St.: tel. Bush 421.
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California, will hold a special examination
in the Etate Ncrraal School building. Los
Angeles, California, commencing July 8. at 10
_ tn.
OTTO MAX. 1420 California St., pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ; auction
estimates made. Phone Larkln 956.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days: special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission st.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
vFUilMTURE WANTED.
CALIFORNIA CHAPTER No. 5. R. A. ¦
M.. will meet THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. June 24. at 7:30 o'clock. XX
P. M. and M. E. M. degrees. By order f^r *
of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE LODGE, No. 30, F. _ m
A M. Called meeting THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D. }SL_K
2. by order of W. M. /
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
PACIFIC LODGE. No. 136. F. and A. •
M.. 121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVEN- _f\_
ING 7 o'clf.ci: Third Degree. 7_#\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec /^T*
ORIENTAL LODGE. No. 144. F and A. •
M.— First Decree THIS (TUESDAY) J\^
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. /_A
A. S. HUBBARD. Secy. /V'
MISSION LODGE. No. 1C9, F and A. _»
M. Called meeting THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at 7::JU o'clock. Third y^#^
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
ABOU Ben Adhem Lodge No. 112, .^gajKiv,
I O. O. F. — Members are hereby _fcr2?LiS^
notified to attend funeral of our -^55§fe="-
;ate brother. OSCAR McELROY, «•¦_
WEDNESDAY, March 23. Assemble lodge-
room 1 o'clock. L. H. KAUFFUNG. N. G.
GRAND TEACE CELEBRATION. Coronation
div. Thursday. June 2C, at t> p. m.. Metro-
politan Hall. Sap Francisco. H. B. M. Con-
sul General presidinK. A splendid programme
of patriotic vocal and instrumental music
and shcrt speeches by prominent citizens.
General ; -dmission. 50c: reserved. 75c. Tickets
on eale at British Consulate. 506 Battery St.;
Thames end Mersey Insurance. 30j Califor-
nia- Pacific States Loan Ass'n. 410 Pine St.;
British Caisrcrnian office. 403 Emma bpreck-
e\s bids.: Palms Restaurant. 783 Market;
V>r cTEvelvn, Phelcn hMg.: J. J. Xewbegrin.
rioo-1 bif'gr. • Mrs. Atkinson. 427 Kearny Et.
la eid of the Homes Reconstruction Fund
(South Africa). ___*
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $18 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.j 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms, bath; 3 rooms
bring In $20; rent $17. 320 Linden ave.
5 ROOMS of furniture complete. $300. Apply
1113 Railroad ¦ ave., Alameda.^
A GRADUATE specialist In each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
' detected from the natural gums and will not
fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. ;
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres.. 969 Mission St., SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7 Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60
up- office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m- : Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.P.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk St.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
K. NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates $5. full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, ?2 up; flllings,25c.
£ET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRE SSMAKERS AND SE AMSTRE SSE S
McDOWELt. Dressmaking and MllHner>- School;
cortet-making taught: patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
DENTISTS.
$15 — TO-DAY, to let, 4 rooms and bath. 2134
Union st.: no children; reference..
COTTAGES TO LET.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued.
LINCOLN— Clairvoyant and high psychist;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MME. MARCEAU, . clairvoyant card reader;
25 cents. 625 Minna st. . ,
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c: gents 50c: readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Kleinert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3 Vic yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market. bct.8th&9th;teL Howard 2012.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet -beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 71.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free — Columbian Law and Collection
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market st. ; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
12 ROOMS; elegant: first-class ;clears $70.$1200
20 roomsi^plears $95; only »00
12 rooms; corner: clears $50 ;>-"»
45 rooms; clears $200 --""
20 rooms; clears $60 - l( v
18 rooms; just listed 00O
SO rooms; cl«irs $250; Investigate.. 3200
20 rooms; north Market; .clears $100 1300
100 rooms: clears $600 9500
RETSLOFF-McMILLEN; phone John 5ol.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-S).
WINSTON & WOLF. „,*„..„ , * ?
Phone Jessie 2211. 1020 Market st.
21 rooms; rent $50: part cash 5 1 ?™
45 rooms: rent $100; new furniture . 2o00
2S rooms; must sell; make offer: cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $S2; a money-maker.... 1S50
f»8 rooms; modern: elev.;t:or.; reduced.. 6500
28 rooms: rent $40; part cash 550
9 rooms; cheap rent; G. GT ave 450
23 rooms; central; modern; part cash..: 1850
SI ROOMS; rent $115; clears $120 m^nth; cor-
ner; rrice $2550; 2 floors; apartment house;
roomers care for their rooms; oak and cherry
furniture; moquet capets.
15 rooms; - central; respectable; corner;
clears $S0 month; owner will swear to It
before notary public; will sell for $750 spot
cash.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call Bid.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have roomlns-houses of all sizes and
prices?, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. ..$So0 >
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 1)50 »
S rooms; tunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
US rooms; rent $37 CO; make offer 900
Money loaned at l'j per cent per month.
A- CAMERON & CO.. • j
i>50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. — . 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses cr busi-
ness td tell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to
show houses. Carriage at door. •
Money loaned. l»,s per cent.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent.$6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
15 rooms: sunny corner: fine location... loOO
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600 1
•30 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700 j
Money leaned at 1 per cent. j
Hotels roadhouses, flat?, 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
$50 Market et. — (Inc.). . .Phone Davi3 281.
P.eliable dealers In roomlns-houses. hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We lurniFh vacant houses and
Lean money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
TO buy a lAgins-house. boarding-house or
hotel." you will benefit financially and secure
I penera! satisfaction by calling at the reliable
; ar.d old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
: No. 917 Market St., bet. 5th and 6th.
Mrr.ey loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
liYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st.
10 rooms; forced sale; all light $5.>0
14 rooms: clears S4S: sickness 450
16 rooms: fine location; other business.. 650
500 houses for sale.
$150 CASH, balance In mortgage, will buy a
I good located 12-rocm lodr-ing-housfi. Me-
i BRIDE & CO., .765 Market st. ¦
$100 CASH, balance mortgage, for 7-room lodg-
ing-house. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
CORNER bouse: 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 125114 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Ninth.
$76 WILL put you in a house newly furnished
clearing $25 per month. Inquire S42 Howard.
A WEEK'S news for\"> cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MEETING NOTICES.
NEW, elegant corner flat of 8 rooms and bath ;
Inlaid floors; electric liprhts free; rent reason-
able. ; NW. Page and Broderick. Apply G.
H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
1422 GREEN. 5 r...$20 1355 Geary, 7 r...$37 50
1109 Page. 4 rms..$15|2957 Jackson. 8 r....$35
1 SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
AN elegant upner flat, « sunny rooms and
basement; just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts.; half block from Market
Et. ; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate ParK.
THREE modern sunny flats. 6 rooms and bath:
Alabama st., near Twenty-fourth; reasonable.
Inquire 2951 Twenty-fourth st.. cor. Alabama.
A— $17 50; CHEAPEST flat In city: 5 sunny
rms.. bath. 549 Valencia st., bet. 16th & lith.
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath, Rincon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne St., near Harrison.
BOWIE, 5. off Eleventh— A flat of 3 rooms;
cheap rent to a small family..' \ J_
CARL, 258— Yard, basement, sunny, front;
beautiful view of park: just completed.
MODERN, flats; 6 fine sunny rooms: bath: base-
ment; yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Farrell.
NEW elegant flat. 7 rooms; vacant July 1. 982
Pine st., near Taylor. _,
TWO new sunny flats of 7 and 9 rooms; north
side. 1112-1116 Fell st. . '
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st. >¦'¦¦¦
FLATS TO LET FURNISHED."
FURNISHED flat; S rooms; desirable part of
California st. Address box 1139. Call.
FLATS TO LET.
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
. and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted • for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 -pages, tn wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
t MURRAY & READY
MURRAY & READY — — —
WANTED ......
8972. men, all parts Cal., Nevada, Utah, Ari-
zona, Oregon. .. .wages $25 to $125 and found
AT
MURRAY & READY'S..... 634-636 Clay st.
.... ......Phone Main 58-18.
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Special Shipment
Utah Utah Utah
Free Free Free
See Boss Here
;.... 3000 Railroad Men
...... \ •. .. Wanted for
Utah. Nevada, Salt Lake Division, Lucin.
Fenelon, Wells, Palisade, Battle Mountain,
Reno, Wadsworth, Carlin, Vista. Rokeby
1500 teamsters — tree.. '..$2 25 a day
750 laborers — free $2 to $2 25 a day
500 rockmen and drillers. .$2 25 to $2 50 a day
Carmen, dumpers, concrete workers
• FREE TO-D A.Y
30 laborers, Santa Fe System ..Free
• ARIZONA
Teamsters, R. R. work, near Prescott
........Get Our Daily List of Jobs
Gold NEW Silver
MINES. MINES MINES
12 muckers for a big mine, $75; 10 laborers,
surface work, no experience required for this
mine, $40 and found; 6 laborers around mine,
south, $60; 16 laborers for smelter, $2 day; 5
laborers, mine, north. $60 to $70; furnace
dryer. $35 and found; 10 miners, north, $75
• TO THE MOUNTAINS
HEALTHY CLIMATE. LUMBER DISTRICTS
SAWMILLS WOODS YARDS
WE PAY YOUR FARE..-.
950 willlnsr man to work -In sawmills, woods
and yards, load cara, pile lumber, learn to
run machines; you need no experience for this
Job; you'll do; wages $30 to $t!5 and found:..
••• WE PAY YOUR FARE....
20 lumber pliers, good mill. $45 and found; 6
car loaders, $40 and found; 40 swampers, $30
and found, fare paid
Table edgerman, $45 and found; second table
edgerman, $40 and found, same rnlll.fare *1 P0
SPECIAL— BY MIDNIGHT 1VIA1L & WIRE.
READ CAREFULLY
Blacksmith, wagon work, fare 15c $3 day
Cook and waiter, • camp, Nevada, free fare,
not for contractors, boss here
$40 and $25 and found
Dishwasher, springs, fare 25c $30 and found
4 milkers for Siskiyou County, fare paid.
boss here $30
Married teamster, Santa Clara County
•- $45 and house
Cook, fare 75c, plain hotel $50 and found
3 teamsters, city, don't need to know city
fetrc-cts $32 and found
FARE PAID....... MANUFACTURING CO.
'/!> men wanted to-day, Napa County, as la-
borers, no experience required, to make your-
selves generally useful
Wages $49 50 per month and found
To-day Fare paid on Above Good job
Walter, city coffee house '. . .$10 week
Man to drive smallmilk wagon.. $15 & found
Assayer, gold mine, boss hare ?3 day
Butcher, small shop, fare $l..$30 and found
Farmer and wife. Napa Co $35 and found
Cooper, factory, 10c fare... .. .$40 and found
3 porters, city jobs $20, $25 and found
3 handy men with tools, ranch, $26 and $30
and found
Dishwasher, springs; porter, same place.. $25
Cook, $13 week; second cook, $25 and found;
dishwasher, $20 and found; all 3 men same
place. 15c fare
Cook, 6 men, 15c fare $25 and found
2 stablemen, same place, fare $3. $30 and fd
Bakers' helper, fare 25c $30 and found
« fruit pickers, fare $1 SO $1 25 day
2 dishwashers, same ranch, fare $1..$25 & fd
Cook, $50, fare $2; cook, $40, rare $l-«0; cook,
$60. fare $4; 2 waiters, lunch counter, free
fare $25 and found
Blacksmith, shop, fare $1 25.. $40 to $50 & fd
Bedmaker. $S week: stableman, $25 and
found, end of San Francisco
12 teamsters, city, $2 day; 12 laborers, city,
'$60; 5 laborers, city, board yourself home,
$2 day
WE GAVE 37,000 MEN WORK 1901
LABORERS
FACTORIES ALL KINDS OF WORK
...... OUR LIST IS READY 7 A. M
SPECIAL
25 laborers for a large factory near San Fran-
cisco, steady job, no experience required,
$1 75 and $2 a day; 15 laborers for quarry,
$60; 30 laborers, city; 25 laborers, manufac-
turing-company, 25 miles from San Francisco,
$34 and found; 10 laborers, fishery; 4 labor-
> ers, city factory; 6 laborers, packing house;
5 laborers, brickyard, $30 and found
' TO THE
FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
176 hay and harvest hands, $1 25, $1 50 to $2
and found; 30 farmers, steady Jobs; 10 team-
sters, big ranch, $40 and found: 5 teamsters,
big fruit farm, $30 and found; 31 choremen
• and choreboys... private places and ranches,
$15. $20, $25 and SCO and found; 5 milkers,
north, fare paid. $35; 36 milkers, other dai-
ries, $35 and $40 and found; cheese maker,
factory, see boss here
10 fruit packers, country $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS.
Deckhand dredger, $35 and found; carpen-
ter's helper, city, $2 day; young' man for
soda water works, $49; can washer, city milk
depot, R30 and found; boy for dairy, . city,'
$20 and found; choreman, make a little but-:
ter, residence on ranch, $30 and found: roilk
wagon driver, city, $40 and found; handy
, man to help carpenter on farm, $30 and
found; 40 stablemen, buggy washers, host- I
lers, $35 and $40 and found and $50 and $60. I
> List of Positions Ready at 7 a. m |
MECHANICAL DEPT I
Steam shovel engineer, $125, fare paid;
crane men, $90, • fare paid: blacksmith,
ranch, fare $1, $50 and found; black-
smith, large, company, no shoeing, $2 50 day;
blacksmith, shop, $3 day; 10 other
blacksmiths; C blacksmith helpers; 2 carpen-
ters, rough work, Nevada, fare returned, see
boss here, $90; millwright, see boss here,
$3 50 to $4 day; millwright, sawmill. $50 and
found; stonemason, country, long job, $5
day: sheetlron worker; harness maker,
ranch; cooper, oil co, : man to paint wagons,
dairy, city: man with some experience car-
riage painting, $1 50 day and found, country.
Assistant shipping. clerk, good place, $9 week;
bookkeeper and typewriter, $40 and found;
5 farmers and milkers and wives; 50 boys to
learn trades p.nd work In factories.
HOTELS, ETC
-. COOKS AND WAITERS
Cock, hotel, north, fare paid, $50; cook, ho-
tel, .fare $2, $50; 12 cooks, hotels, ranches,
camps, etc., $70, $00, $50 $40, $30, $25 and
found; camp cook, near city, $10 week; 15
waiters, $3U to $40 and found; waiter, offi-
cers' mess of mine, south, $50 and found;
waiter, officers' mefs. $30 and increase;
night cashier, city restaurant, $30 and found:
6 porters; 3 ibellboys; 4 elevator boys; 2
bakers; 3 butchers; 25 kitchen hands, dish-
washers, etc.
Get our daily list of positions.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED — A young man, single, to fill the
• position of . bookkeeper and stenographer;
inust have experience. Address Box 1182,
x Call office.
WANTED — Millwrights and carpenters for
country. Apply Tuesday morning, 9 o'clock, 1
room 1315 Call Building. NATHAN L. BELL.
WANTED — First class corrugated Iron worket,
also boiler riveters. Room 1315 Call Build-
ing. NATHAN L. BELL.
A : — $22 weekly salary and expenses for men
with rigs to sell poultry compound. Imperial
Mfg. Co.. Dept. 54, Parsons, Kans.
RESTAURANTS — Waiters, cooks, porters, kit-
chenhelp, also practical, experienced stew-
ard; no fee. 526 Montgomery st.
WANTED — An experienced packer tn a whole-
sale furnishing goods house; state references
when making application. Box 11S3, Call.
WANTED — Bright, active boy. Art Glass
AVorks, 121 New Montgomery St., INGERSON
& GLASER CO.
WAGON smith wanted at 316 Railroad ave.
South.
PAINTERS, etages hands, young ' men.
O'NEILL. 7 Spear st.
MAN with $85 cash for cigar stand; $2 60 day
guaranteed. BROWN. 1221 Market.'
WANTED— Good waiter. 1201 Fillmore St.,
corner of Turk. 1
WANTED — Wagon blacksmith at 315 Broderick
street. . .
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady work. 756
Howard st.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor in
city. 1125 Market St., bet. 7th and 8th.
WANTED — Porter in a barber shop; light
. work. 902 Larkln st.
YOUNG man to drive milk wagon; good wages
1507-0 Broderick St., near, Sutter.
ERRAND boy. 028 Montgomery St., room 7,
4th floor; apply to-day; steady Job.
WANTED — Good barber for Wednesday, Satur-
day and Sunday. Apply 517 Montgomery ave.
COOK wanted: short order. 2833 Greenwich
street. . . .> ¦ _ .....
BARBER shop for sale at 215 Sixth st. ; ac-
count of. sickness; good furniture; cheap rent.
FOUR laborers. • Fifth ave. and M st. South.
YOUNG man, German preferred, as beer tap-
per. Call after 9 a. m. 1053 Market st. •
BARBER wanted, journeyman or good appren-
tice. 803 Kearny st. ,
BARBER wanted; steady union man. 470
- Ninth st. . ¦¦'"¦•.
WANTED — First-class bushelman; steady
work. Apply 308 Bush st.
WANTED— For U. S. army, ablebodled unmar-
ried men. between ages of 21 and 35; citizens
. of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and writ*
¦ English. . For Information apply to Recrult-
• ing Officer, 121 New Montgomery, st., Ban
'Francisco, or. Masonic building, Sacramento.
WANTED — Sober, handy man in kitchen; one
. who knows a little about cooking. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m. at 111 Larkln st.
WANTED — Fourth hand cook; steady and so-
ber man. ¦- Call between 9 and 12 a. m., at
111 Larkln st. ,
JOSEPH STRAUB. ¦ "' - .
A dressmaking parlor In good- residence ana
business section; well established; investigate.
A branch bakery, candy and ice cream and
notion store; good trade; rooms; rent $18.
A clear stand in wholesale district; owner
has other business to look after.
A country dry goods and notions store; kept
by present owner for years.
A saloon near Market and Third sts.; good
business; lease; only $1SOO.
A partner in good old established bakery;
this is a very good chance; only $1000.
A saloon; good stand and paying; near Hall
of Justice; owner has other business.
JOSEPH STRAUB, S50 Market st.
S650 — Restaurant with 17 well-furnished rooms;
large business. Call at once 'SO* Third st.
11OUTE In Western Addition: >uildlns up dis-
trict: reasonable. Box 1792. Call.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 0:30 p. m.
300 Hayes Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
039 McAllister street; open until' 9 :30 p. m.
315 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
22U1 Market street, corner Blxteenth; open
cntil 9 p. tn.
JCS Eleventh street; cpen until 0 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Etreets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore Etreet; open until 9 p. m.
SAW FRANCISCO CALL.
FINANCIAL.
HOTEL cook, $12 50 week: man and wife to
run boarding-nouse kitchen, *45 and found;
second cook, country hotel. $m) and lounU;
young man for bakery, $-u and" board; res-
taurant second cook, *i2 week; cook, no bun-
day work, $4o; 'barkeeper, $60 and board; o
hotel waiters, $30 ana found; waiter lor
springs, $30; 4 extra waiters for July 4, *J
day; dishwashers, potwashers, porters and
others. J. F. .CHObETT & CO.. K-'S bacra-
mento st. >
COACHMAN $40 and found; man abcut place j
$35 and found; J> blacksmiths. $3 50 ana •
$2 75 aay and $2 50 day and $15 month and
board; carpenter for mill, $50 «nd board; a
carpenters. $3, $3 50 and $4 day; blacksmith 3
helper tor ranch, $40 and xound; 4 single
hand miners, $2 day and board; 2 plowmen,
$30 and found; 5 milkers, $30 and $35 ana
louna; 2 buttermakers, *40 • and found; o
choremen, $15, $20. $25 and $30 and tound; 2 |
farmers and wives, *40 and $50 and found;
teamster and wite to board men; 500 laborers
for mills, quarries, mines, brick yards and
company and contract work, $1 75. $2 and
$2 25 day; and many others. J. V. CRO-
SETT & CO., «28 Sacramento st. _
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., nr. Call Bldg.; Phone Bush 40o
FREE FARE UTAH AND NEVADA
50O teamsters and rockmen $2 25 to $2 50 a day
FREE FARE TO MENDOCINO CO. TO-DAY
20 RR. laborers for a bis sawmill company..
50 sawmill and woodsmen, $2tt to $C5 a month
and board; 5 men on pile driver, $o5 a month
and board
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FARE
5 carpenters' helpers, country N^$2 per day (
. 10 lumber pliers $40 per month & board 1
20 woodsmen $40 to 560 per month & board j
20 concrete men, near city $2 25 per aay
- ....Free fare: Board $4 50 per week J
8 men to pitch hay $1 50 per day Jc board 1
4 men to run mowing machine. $1 50 day & bd !¦
5 general ranch hands $32 50 per ropntb
Hostler, city $55 per month |
Buggy washer who can drive, know city.. $60
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 429 Bush St.
(Between . Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
FREE TO NEVADA AND UTAH
No Office Fee Free Fare
2000 teamsters, laborers, rockmen >ind con-
crete men $2, $2 25, $2 50 and $3 a day
Come One Ccsts You Nothing Come All
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
' 500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and laborers
$2 to $3 a day j
Electrician and engineer for railroad tunnel 1
$60 and found I
R R. camp cook $50 and found j
Blacksmith's helper, R. R. camp $2 a day
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush St. |
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 633 Clay, j
Phone Main 1191.
400 laborers, teamsters, concrete men and
rockmen, $2 25 and $2 50 per day Fee $1
FREE FARE. SHIP TO-DAY. FREE FARE
To Reno, Vista, Wadsworth, Rokeby and
Telegraph Point. We ship as advertised....
350 men for S. P. Co.'s work for Sacramento,
Western and Coast Division
To Tracy. Florin, Oakland, San Mateo. Red-
wood City and other points, $1 60. $1 70, $2..
Section, extra and concrete gangs.. Free fare
10 concrete men near city $2 25
SHIP TO-DAY FREE FAf|E
500 other positions
Call and read our bulletins
ANDRE'S Office. 31G Stockton st. — Clu»f cook,
$70; restaurant cook, $60; cook for lunch, $45;
night dishwashers, $25 and $30; 2 dishwash-
ers for springs. §25; glass pantryman, hotel,
$25; pantryman, restaurant, $25; stableman,
private place, country, $30; barnman on a 1
ranch, $25; boy to assist coachman, $20; '
French kitchen boy, $20;. gardener, country,
$25; etc.
WASHER for hand laundry, springs, $40. fre»
fare both ways. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335
Geary st.
4 WAITERS, mountain resort.. $30
MRS. M. E. DAY ......335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 20 Montgomery, rm. 12
Bus, $25; bar porter, $25; dishwasher, $25;
waiter," $30; fry cook. $40; night clerk. $25:
night porter. $20; bell boy. $12 50; elevator
boy. $15. j r
WANTED — Bright, active, well educated young
men to present to the consideration of the
physicians of the Pacific Coast a well known
feed product exploited by a large New
York corporation; salary and traveling ex-
penses paid. Address Box 1178. Call.
WANTED — 200 ladies and gentlemen for book-
keepers, canvassers, collectors and office boys
for the California Ladies' Magazine. Apply
to General Manager, 1236 Market st-.r. 130.
A — WANTED to-day; steady man for light In-
door business; must have $150 cash and be
satisfied with ?75 to $100 month year round;
no, experience required. 78 Third St., room 2.
STEADY man with $100 cash will find an open-
ing where he can -make $65 per month, with
chance of Increase: steady place. Apply 101<J
Market st., room 10.
BARBER shop for sale; fine country town;
I must be sold; good chance for right man.
i 225^ Montgomery ave. 0
I WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
$175 cash, light contracting business; $75
month year around; no experience necessary; j
. no night or Sunday work. Particulars
BROWN, 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Honest man with $75; take cash,
restaurant, $40 month. BROWN. 1221 Market.
$10 BUYS two fine barber chairs. 172 Minna
St., room 12.
WANTED — Tailors to work by the week; $1«
per week: steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary at.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at ths Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
MEN to leirn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special Inducements this
. month. Moler System College, 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Molders. machinists and draughts-
man. Address or apply Benicia Agricultural
Works, Benicia. Cal.
WANTED — Players for first-class amateur or-
chestra. 232 Laussat ave.. oft Fillmore St..
below Haight.
WANTED — Experienced male and female cut-
ters for factory, on women's wrappers and
overskirts. Apply box 1116. Call. .
SWELL dressers, examine our $35 to $75 misfit
suits for sale at $16 to $25. 104 Second st.
50 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers. $2 and
$2 25 per day.- Apply 212 Ninth st.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber' trade.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONatty., E. A. Bullia, room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. fret. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2.1 sta.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A .?P^^ A .P-?^-^',
ket, 327 Sixth St.; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
lla. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOR sale— Sorrel horse of about 1650 pounds,
work single or double; price $60. Maud S
Stables, Pierce and Eddy sts.
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle,
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horsa
Exchange. 248 Third st.
FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN, 113 William st.
A GOOD mare, harness and wagon; cheap. 133
Turk , st. .-';-;•>..
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET, 721 Howard.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL, 605 Golden Gate ave.
LIGHT top wagon for sale; suitable for camp-
Ing. . S.W. cor. Fell and Devisadero sts.
LIGHT delivery wagon; business buggy; also
top buggy. 1370 Tuik st.
¦ Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. 15th& Valencia.
1 AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
ing wagon for sale cheap. . .'.32 Mission st.
¦ A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, jl per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for clr-
. cular. G. H. UMB3EN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOWARD, 2305 — Bay-window house. 9 rooms
. and bath; yard and large basement.
' .HOUSE^TO yuitjVlSHED^^
FOR rent — Elegantly furnished modern house
and barn; 6 rooms ;< large basement and yard;
piano and phone; In beautiful neighborhood;
'¦ near a, park; six months or longer, adults
. only; reasonable. Box 1073, Call.
LOST AXD FOUND
HELP WANTED— MALE.
BUSINESS CHAXCES — Continued.
HELP WANTED— MALE — Co«.
LOST — While driving Oak and Octavia sts. to
Golden Gate Park a lady's gold watch set
with thirteen diamonds, engraved E. V. C.
and pearl sunburst pin - with one diamond;
valued as keepsake. Finder, will receive lib-
eral reward by returning to 241 Oak st.
LOST — In Golden Gate Park, turquoise earring
surrounded with diamonds; liberal reward;
no questions asked. Return to LEOX
FRANKS, 282 O'Farrell st.
LOST — Child's black silk coat, on Oakland 8
p. m. boat, Sunday; reward. Return to
broad-gauge ticket office, foot Market st.
LOST — White setter dog, black ears. Return
to NW. cor. Ninth and Howard sts.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp good3 window
shades. HOTTER. 712 Mission: tel.' Main 730.
MINES AND MINING
FOR sale — Some mining and oil stocks; will
stand closest investisuticn; cheap if sol<i
quick. W. K. V^'T'-Av;:, Palace Hotel.
MISCELLA.\ i-o,.a — I Oil SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAX. 105-197 Fremont »t.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 10CC new «mrt second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery. «n-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*.
«-tc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear s:.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tfc«
Erur.swlck-Balk-s-Collcnder Co.. 652 iiisjion.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE, 130 Beale st.
PLEASURE schconer for sale; 50 feet long.
10.2 ft. beam. Kor particulars apply Cali-
fornia Yachting Club. Oakland.
PIPE — V> to 6 in.: screw, flange or lead joints,
brass and iron fittings. Thompson. 40 Main.
NEW Rambler bicycle cheap. 1253 California
St.. S:30 p. m. j|
~ ~ HAMMOCKS
At half price. 102 Clay st.
ENGINES boilers, lathe?, planrrs. second-harvi
machinery. J. BURKE. IMP Bcale st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds. iioo.-»
and bricks for sale. Valencia 3t.. cor. 15th.
ASK for prices en second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Monts'y.
BOATS launche?, rowboats carried in slock.
BAKER -
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, fllms. Eacl.sralupl.8S5 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 4ti Fremont st.
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters, SE. cor. 2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilsr*
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. TULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po3t st.Cycling Championship ojf the World.
. BERLIN, June 25.— In the race for the
' cycling championship of -the world, ¦ 100
' kilometers, to-day, . Robert of '¦*¦ Munich
won. Time, 1:28:18. Bonhors of Paris was
/second and Taylor of Paris third. "Tom"
¦ LInton, the English bicyclist, lost touch
I with his pacemaker several times and
withdrew. .,
Releases Dowling and Hulen.
SACRAMENTO, June. 23.— Manager
Fisher gave his ball team, a shaking-' up
to-day. He discharged Peter DoA'ling for
drunkenness, Dowllng having spent two
nights in -jail. /William Hulen, second
baseman and" captain, was released on
the ground that he was a disturbing ele
ment. Charles Graham has been made
captain. ,
PARIS, June 23.— Lizette, ridden by J.
Reiff, won the .race. for the Prix Semen
dria at the St. Cloud meeting to-day. W.
K. Vanderbilfs Nette. on which McGinn
had the mount, was second.
Lizette Wins the. Prix Semendria.
Although it is the Chinese language
which is spoken by the largest number of
people on the face of the earth, it is in
KnfcUsh that more than half pf all ex
isting newspapers are written." Against
a population of nearly 400,000,000 which
speak Chinese, English is spoken by
about 100,000,000. Next comes German with
85,fK>0,000, then Russian v with 65,000,000.
French and Spanish- are each the native
tongue of 41,000,000, Italian of 30,000,000 and
Portuguese of only 13,000,000. In the Unit
ed States newspapers appear printed in
twenty-four different languages. The Ital
ian tongue is, outside Italy, mainly spok
en in' Egypt and America. The use of
Spanish is decreasing, but is still a very
important language In commerce.—West
minster Gazette. .
Concerning Languages.
The athletes were royally entertained.
The entertainment was given under the
auspices of the amusement committee of
the board of directors of the Veterans*
Home.- . . . ;¦:.'• - .
Members pf the Olympic Athletic Club
journeyed to Yountville, Napa County,
last Saturday evening and entertained the
soldiers who are living at the Veterans*
Home with boxing, wrestling and ; other
athletic sports. President William Greer
Harrison - . accompanied the -party and de
lighted the veterans with a clever address.
William Leonard and- Danny Danzlger,
¦two expert boxers, put up a fast four
round bout, as also did Joe Collins and
; Instructor De Witt Van Court. . Professor
George Miehllng refereed the boxing as
well as wrestling bouts. Professor Tron
chet and a pupil gave a splendid exhibi
tion of fencins. *- - - • -¦ - - -. ¦
OLYMPIC CLUB ATHLETES
ENTERTAIN THE VETERANS
The Central, American arid California
bowling clubs were elected .members of
the association. The annual 'membership
fee was fixed at $10 per club, and it was
decided thai; each club must not have less
than five members. The sum of Jl must
be paid for each additional member. A
committee composed of F. ; A. -Smith, S.
Adler and C. Crawford Jr. was appointed
to arrange a celebration at the Chutes.
The chairman ajso appointed W. H. Lee;
Colonel Crawford, L. B. Mayer, P. G. Du
Py and M. Hegen a committee to form
a State association. • Alley owners have
been granted the privilege of holding one
open tournament a month. Thia tourna
ment is to be a one-night affair and i3
for association and non-associat^n mem
bers.
At a special meeting of the San Fran
cisco Bowling Association held last even
ing in the Alcazar building matters of
interest to devotees of the sport were
considered. Dr. .Morgan, vice president,
presided. Dr. W. J. Hawkins, • treasurer,
resigned. P. J. Du ' Fy was elected to
succeed him. .. ,"
Matters.
ciation Pass Upon Important
Members of the San Francisco Asso-
DEVOTEES OF BOWLING
HOLD SPECIAL MEETING
The sale o,f seats for the Bay City Club's
fights at th'e Pavilion annex to-night has
been exceptionally large. The McDonald-
George, Martin-Byrnes and Rossa-Cordue
contests are responsible for the call for
seats, as the fighters are known to be
strong, clever and willing to mix mat
ters. . •-:.-
..-Hank Griffin, the colored heavy weight,
and his manager, Mark Shaughnessey,
will leave Thursday for . Skaggs Springs
to join Fitzslmmons' training staff.
Advance Sale of Seats for Bay' City
/ . : \ Large.
- Young Petpr Jackson, bedecked with dia
monds • and ' looking for a scrap, arrived
in the city yesterday. •¦: Jackson is in fine
condition and is anxious to take on Al
Neill, but if Neill is not -willing, Jackson
is readv to fight Mike IXmovan,, Young,
Gibbs, Joe Walcott, Philadelphia Jack
O'Brierii or George Gardner,- if he. can
make -the -weight. Jackson left this city
two years ago, practically an unknown
quantity, but since that time he has gain
ed a reputation - in the pugilistic arena.;
He defeated Tommy West, Jimmy Hand
ler, Dan Creedon, Billy Quinn, Charles
McKeever, Mysterious Billy Smith and
Jack Bonner, besides fighting a ten-round
draw with Joe Walcott. He- also bbxed
six rounds with the Barbadoes Wonder
and his only ,defeat was administered by
Walcott in a twenty round - go. Many
critics thought that the decision should
have been given to Jackson instead of to
Walcott. . . , . • -¦¦•¦- ' :• ¦ ¦
Club's Fights Tor-Night Is
¦k'OTJNG PETER JACKSON '
HERE READY TO * SCRAP
E. Avery McCarthy (owner) with John Tut
tle (contractor), architect Albert Fari> — Grad
ing, concrete and cement work for a four-story
frame building containing four apartments on
S line of Pacific avenue,- 75 E of Buchanan
street, E 40, S 127:8tf, W 40, ,N to begin
ning; $2725.
S. C. Bigelow (owner) with E. T. Leiter
(contractor), architect j Edgar A. Mathews— All
work for a two-story frame dwelling on NW
corner of Central avenue and Jackson street.
N 87:8V4 by W 00; $18,537.
Same owners with W. D. Hobro (contractor),
architects , same — Plumbing, gas fitting, etc.,
for same. on same; $1175. >
. Henry- H. Davis (owner) with Richard Fahy
(contractor), Kidd & Anderson architects — All
work except plumbing, painting, electric and
marble work for alterations and additions to
make a three-story and basement frame build
ing (three flats) on S line of California street,
137:6 E of Scott. E 68:9 by S 137:6 W A.
426; $6460. ,
James Dundas (owner) with Felix Marcuse
(contractor) etc. — All work for a two-story arid
¦basfirient frame building on' N line of Seven
teenth street, 220 W of Noe W 20 by N i30;
$2500.
Builders' Contracts.
- Milton (or Milton S. Lewis), Edgar S. (or
EdwardL^Lewl*,— Rose L. (or Rosa L.) Munz
(Lewis), Lily (or Llllie) Lewis and Walter S.
Lewis to Bertha.- Lewis, estate Samuel Lewis;
*1- _..„._
.Rebecca E. Davidson to Ella L. Davidson,
lot on N' line of Twenty-second street. 25 J3
of Mississippi, N 100 by E 25 : gift.
: Callaghan Estate Company (a corporation)
to E. P. Hallett and W. S. Gee. rerecord 1043
D. 252, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue,- 100
S of H street. S 100 by E 120; $10.
Dennis and Bridget Loran to Sophie. K. An
derron, lots 174 and 17«, Gift Map 2; ; $10.
Margaret Hanak to Helena Rolf e, estate Al
bert Hanak; $ . • . • -
• Maude A. Hayes to John Hayes, same; $10.
Robert H. McMillan to Robert McMillan, lot
on NW corner of Folsom and Third streets.
N'87:6 by W 87:6; also lot on N corner of
Verona place and Third street, and 205 NW
of Harrison, NW 70 by NE »2:9; also lot on
N corner of Second and Tehama ¦ streets, also
165 SE'of Howard. NW 57 :« by NE 85; also
lot on N line of Townsend street, 28:6 W
of Third, W 110:0 by N 77:6; also lot on NW
corner of Howard and Seventh streets. SW 75
by NW »0; also- lot on W line of Valencia
street, 200 S of Hermann. S 50 by W 165; also
lot on NW corner of Thirteenth and Guerrero
streets, W 50 by N 00; also lot oh N line of
Page street, 81*3 W of Clayton, W 25 by N
100; also lot on S line of Twenty-fifth street,
1C0 W of Noe. W SO by S 114; also property
outside of county; also nil interest in estate of
Daniel McMillan; $6384.
Thomas W.. Katherine A., Christopher C.
and Lily Rivers to Hans Jacobsen. lot on S
line of Elghtenth 1 street, 75 E of Vermont. E
25 by S 80; $10. . . , -
Adelinde E. PeacocUe (Hayes) to Maude A.
Hayes, lot on NW line of Federal street, 375
SW of First, also 450 NE of Second, -W 37:6 by
NWS0; gift .-
Sylvia M. Karl (wife of Adam) to Josephine
P. Jaudin, NE corner of lot till, SE 45:10 by
SW 80, water lot Oil (SW lineiEast street. 275
SE of Market, SE 45:10 by SW SO); also lot on
S line of Commercial street. 93:6 E e-f Kearny,
E14 by S (JO; also lot on E line pf Stockton
street. 20 S of Errima. S 26"by E 40:2; also lot
¦on W line of Devisadero street, 65 N of Waller,
N 25 by W 100; $1400. . ..:'.; .
M. Hayes (single) to Maud A.
Hayes, lot S corner of First' and Frederick
(Federal) streets, SE 20 by SW 80; gift.
Maud A. Hayes to John Hayes, same; $10.
William and Maud B. Cooke to Adelinde M.
Hayes, lot on NW line of Federal street, 303
SW of First, also 119 ;6 SW of Ellery, SW 18
by NW 80; $10, _ ... ...
Same to William G. Wheelock, lot on W line
of Hyde street, 82:0 S of Chestnut, S 27:6 by
W 110; $10. • •
James W.- and Mary. Smith to Henry , C.
Keyes, lot on SW corner of Hyde and Chestnut
streets, S 27 :6 by W 110; $10.
Same to C. H. Ward, lot on W line of Hyde
street. 110 S of Chestnut street, S 27:6 by W
110; $10. -
Willard M. and Anna R. Sheldon to Walter
H. Greenwood, lot on W line of Mission street,
1CO:»H' S of Twenty-third, S 50 by W 125; $10.
Adolph. Brizzolara to Angelo L. Brizzolara,
lot on E line of Wetmore nlace, 87:6 S of
Washington street. 8 23. by E 55; $10: . ; \
Maude A^ Hayes to John Hayes, lot on E
line of Randall place," 110:6 N of Greenwich
street, N 27. by E'56; $J0.
¦ Mary Crichton. to Mabel F. Sumner (widow),
lot on N line of Fell street, 131:3 E of Clayton,
E 25 by N 137 :C; $10.
John H. F. Rlchstleg to John Chrlstensen, lot
on S line of Twenty-second street, 100 W of
Florida, W 50'byS 104; $6000. . . ¦
City and County of San Francisco to Charles
Nauman, lot on NE corner of Oak and Bu
chanan streets, E 43, N 69, E 11:1%, N 2:1,
E 11:3, N 15,. W 65:4%, S 37; $ . :
Elizabeth Fiske to Henry G. Flske, lot on E
line of Central avenue, 60 N of Clay street, E
100, N 30, E 60:11. N 10, E 50, N 27:SVi. W
200:11. S Vl:VA; $10.
Sarah J. Mllier to William F. Dahl, lot on E
line of Boyca street, 350 N of Point Lobos ave
nue, N 25 by E 120; $10. '
MONDAY, JUNE 23.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
It was decided to-night that the Eng
lish varsity men should meet the Har
vard and Yale boxers July 1.
The .betting started at 5 to ;| on Wal
cott. The attendance for this fight was
small. • : :
Joe Walcott, the colored pugilist, won
his fight with Tommy West of Brooklyn
for the welter-weight championship on
points. This contest was a disappoint
ment to the spectators at the National
Sporting Club, as it lacked the vigor
which has characterized th« ¦ previous
meetings of these two men. VWalcott
fought for the body and did a deal of ef
fective work. He was/quicker in his
movements than his opponent and had
West in a poor plight jjuef ore the conclu
sion of the second round. • After this
round he improved and landed come se
vere jabs on Walcott's mouth. The two
men were repeatedly in holds and the
referee was compelled to separate them.
In the latter "stages of the light West
fought gamely, but to no purpose. The
negro was tiring him out and waiting for
a chance to get in a finishing punch. This
opening nejver came, the bout lasting the
full fifteen rounds, and at the end Wal
cott was an easy winner on points.
The pace was' terrific throughout the
contest and McFadden made a resolute
fight, but Jordan was always a shade
better on . points, and - the referee would
have decided in his favor even if he had
not landed a knockout: blow.
The bout was held in connection with
the coronation spring, tournament, and
the fighters afforded the habitues of the
club an opportunity to witness a flna
struggle.- Jordan, the Englishman, start
ed in a pronounced favorite. It was any
body's fight up to the tenth round, when
Jordan showed prominently with a series
of blows on McFadden's body. ' In the
twelfth • round McFadden ¦ knocked- ' the
Englishman down, but the latter arose
apparentty unhurt. After this Jordan in
dulged in some tremendous hitting, and
fifteen seconds before the close of the lit
teenth round he knocked McFadden .out
with a fine cross; which landed clean on
the point of the jaw. McFad.len was
still unconscious at the end of the full
count. : . •" . . •' • ¦
LONDON, June 23.— KicPMcFadden of
San Francisco was knocked out by Ben
Jordan, the English pugilist, in the fif
teenth round at the National"- Sporting
Club here to-night. ;/ . t
Joe Walcott Gets the Decision
ii Over Tommy West of
Brooklyn. •
Knocks' San Franciscan
Out in Fifte enth . |
Round.
JORDAN WHIPS
KID M'FADDEN
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 24, 1902.
11
MrSICAL IXSTRtMEXTS— Con.
A IX3T of high-grade pianos for almost a song
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market 6t-
PAKTY need of cash must sacrifice handsome
upright piano account death. 486 Eddy st.
ON caie — a large Steinway upright; good as
new; must sell. 237 Geary st.
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos in city.
Scott Curtag Piano Co., btM Hayes St.
$lfO — ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
jpents. 16 McAllister st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market St.—
Steck. Everett, Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP — 2 only, new, $150; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalORUe,$250. Bruenn,20SPost.
BTROK MACZY, 30S-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
fend other pianos and pipe organs.
EVPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
Ml'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned speeia.1-
tet. — Ladies, all who are sick or in. trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected: the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 101S Mkt., op. 5th.
MRS. DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies-
specialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement. IOO&14 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladies' spe-
cialist; «0 years' experience; private home in
confinement. Moved to 72S Post st.. nr. Jones.
A — DR - ROSEN; this Fpecisllst exercises the
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curdg; female complaints: ladles, all
who are sick or in trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
¦ normal results; fee low. lOO"^ Market st.
MRS. SWEET. 606 Guerrero— Graduate Royal
I'niversity; 25 years' midwifery experience;
U kes ladies before & during conflnemt. ; terms
jyAt-cnable: infants adopted. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable special-
ist: maternity hospital: home for Infants
Iree; ice low. Moved to 118 Eddy st..nr. Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladies'
ep*<"ielist: a private home before and during
confinement; best rr.edieal care; low fees.
Mr*. Dr. Wepener, formerly G. G. av<>., now 210
Kddy st. — Home for patients: babies adopted.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and H1XDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kunrond is safe & cure; never fails;
price $2. Gleason's crug: ctore.Clay& Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposite
I'Tiion Square: all diseases cured by herbs.
OFFICES g ACT STORES TO LET.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
V y.s. • beln*.- Kearny Et. G36 Clay St.. room 1.
OIL.
McKENZIE & CAKLSEN. members Producers'
r»:l PrrtmTyg. buy & sell oil stocks, lands &.
investment securities. 1C7 Montgomery st.
SIME. G. L. NEER^AAlS"7eadsTtr4! 700
Tos: St.. corner of Jones: phone Polk 837.
XI. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 015
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Pott ;tel. Black 561.
PERSOXAJLS.
IF your hair is falling, send for DR. G. S.
MOORE'S Scientific Hair Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure lor cci'.ma; preparation sent to all parts
cf the world ; call or" send for circular. DR.
G. S. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell St., S. F.
,AN' oleprant line cf remnants for suits to order.
fl5: with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge ; other mi ts on install-
ments. SI weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
«t.. between Seventh end Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hptel, 44 Third st.. near Market; 700 rooms,
13c to $1 50 per night; $1 DO to $6 per week;
/¦frae 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— WHAT do you thick? O. BERMAN, 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each; 1
same as white ehiru; selection 300 patterns.
JUN'E 23, 1002 — On and after this date I hereby
refuse to pay any bills contracted by my wife,
MRS. KATE PARKfe. . F. S. PARKS.
CAN you introduce stranger to possible buyers
of oil and mining stock? Good money and
confidential. Address box 1180, Call. -
THE beEt hair dressing, any style. 23c only;
RhampooiEK, 3pc : switches, wigs; hair dye-
lng by artists. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton.
MONEY to lean at low interest; gold, sliver.
diamonds, pearls and preciou* stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth rt.
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1850 Polk ct.. S. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
NOW ready — Juse styles Standard Pattern?;
all the newest designs for rummer goods. J
W. EVAN'S. 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
HOME treatment for mothers and daughters;
booklet "ree. The VIAVI CO.. 2304-C-8 Van
Ness avc. San Francisco; phone East 282.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailcr. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
c'.tctric neegle. MIES EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — $3 60 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny St.. near y Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
JEXSATIOXAL book for men; postage 2 cents*
7 WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary st.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 2C O'Farrel!.
ACTINA restores the eves and cars to health.
Sold by A'VIDA CO., 7C3 Valencia, cor. 19tf».
6UPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
re-coved, electric needle. Mre.Cook.420 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fi3elity Rupture Cure, 26^ Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 00.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, ccr. Bush and Dupont.
KLECTRIC r.eedle specialist; superfluous hair
and mole* destroyed. Mrs.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs Bripe-s — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. Weet 253.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric n*«dle.Dr.&Mr6.Traverse.ll70Market.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee, Wls..
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure. 25c: all druggists.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
KUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield,6Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
1021^6 Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
REAL ESTATE-— ¦CITY'— FOR SALE.
OWNERS of property north of Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to the Pre-
tldlo line who wish to sell call on the under-
eigntd; a moderate-priced residence wanted
to purchase; two cheap residences of & to 6
rooms each and vacant lots in the district
named wanted to purchase. W. J. GUNN. 530
California et. {Savings Union bldg.), between
Montgomery, and Kearny.
/CORNER Pacific and Mason; floor of 7 rooms
F and bath; all front rooms; two tolletsvraod-
! cm plumbing; rent ?35. BURNHA1I &
MARSH CO., 20 Montgomery st.
YOU will never secure a suburban borne In
right of "'Old Ocean" as cheap as now: cot-
tages and building lots st a bargain. THIS-
TLETON, 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean -View.
WANTED — Improved business property «ast of
Lerkin rt ; state details. Income, «tc. Box
1168, Call office.
LOT. cor. King and Prince fts., 80x120; cheap.
Call st 506 Castro rt.. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1« pages, sent to any address Sn the
United States or Canada one year for Jl.
portage paid.
REXO REAL ESTATE.
n. V. CRANSTON & SONsi
114 MONTGOMERY ST.
RENO LOTS RENO
$75 TO $10<r
'in the choicest section of the city of Reno,
#>v. One of the most progressive and prora-
ting cities of the West. Each lot has a
trontage of 50 feet and an average depth of
S40 feet The best opportunity ever offered
for small investments. A chance to double
your money In one year. Andrew Carnegie :
has recently given Reno a free library to
cost $15,000, and by an act of Congress ft
public building and a new courthouse are to
bs built. The Southern Pacific Railroad
¦fc-- Company's new shops are also going to Reno.
T Lots going like hot cakes. Get yours now.
For further particulars apply to
B. D. CRANSTON & SONS,
114 Montgomery st. ;
.Funeral rooms — 429 Golden Gate ave.; tele-
phone South 034. ' ¦•-',• ¦¦'¦¦,
Oakland office — 1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 70L.
Main office at cemetery. Point Lobos ave.,
San Francisco; telephone West 898. ¦
Prices of cremation — Adults over 15 years
of- age, $25; children under 15 years of I age,
$15.- Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO/T. BO HEN. Pres.
GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec:
Funeral Conductors
(FOR CREMATION ONLY).
The Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unf am.
EUROPEAN HOTEL, 830 Market st., opp. Em-
porium — Opened for permanent guests June
20th; new management; refurnished; strictly
first class ;*wlll give special inducements to
parties securing rooms during this month;
rates per month; elegant bay-window suites,
Market-st. tide, $30; smaller suites, nicely
furnished, $20; single rooms, $7 to $10. Phone
Main 169S. - .
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furn. i rooms, 35c.
$1 50 night; $1 50. |8 week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1050— Well 'furnished
large sunny room; private family; free phone.
Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
$1 50 night; $1 79 to $5 week; reading room.
JESSIE, 3C3. east of Mint — Large airy fur-
nished room: SI per week. •¦
MINNA, C07, corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient. .
MISSION, 1514, near Eleventh— Single front
room. $1 25; room for 2, $1 50 per week. .
O'FARRELL. 20 — Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day. week. mo.
POST. 404. cor. Powell, facing Union square — •
Sunny rooms and 'offices; suitable physician
..or dentist. . ¦
POWELL, 032. near Clay— Newly furnished
. front suite: private family; free bath, phone.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies'' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bathi.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st..
near Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished.
VALENCIA, 1232— Sunny front parlor; nicely
furnished for 2; gas; bath; near depot. ,
WEBSTER, 711 — 3 nice large sunny unfurnish-
ed rooms for housekpg. ; every convenience.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first- class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and elevator; private
baths: single and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
HOTEL, Dartmouth — New family hotel, about
completed, will be ready for guests July 1;
strictly modern house, first-class In all Its ap-
oolntments: can be Inspected now; will be
conducted in strictly select and first-class man-
ner. 805 Post st., bet. Leaven worth and Hyde.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Manslon)-^eelect
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
LAM BOURNE. 420 Eddy — High-class house
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; flrst-class table board.
SPECIAL NOTICES. . . _ ~
THE following children have been received at
the 8. F. Nursery for Homeless Children I
since Jan. 1, 1902: Thomas O. Merritt, half-
orphan, 10 years of age; Fern Bowman, half- i
• orphan, Ellsworth Bowman, half-orphan,
twins, tt years of age; Grace Buchanan, half-
ornliaiu. U years of age.
FREE cure- for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medicine is what
cured people say. Address REUNER & GOU.
LET, Station A, Sacramento. Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC' COLLECTION
CO.. 416 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5530.
SEWIXG^MACHISES AND SUPPLIES"
A NEW drop head 5-drawer latest improved $75
sewing machine for f 1G 60. 145 Sixth St..
phone Howard 3264.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Te). Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCEtHODOLpH Storage & Moving Co., uf-
flce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Prlv. Ex'. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 640
Mission gt.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281. .
jry^^vuiTERS^AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS. IN TYpSwRITERS^We
sell better, machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California: telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
. Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
TYI'EWRITOGAMIMEOGRAI'HIXG^
EXPERT typewlting, 4c folio: copies, 2c; mim.
eographing. 027 Markt. rm.308t- Howard 1539. •
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan" Society. 18
Geary st. — The directors have declared • a
dividend of 3 ner cent per annum on its <le-
posits. payable on and after July 1, 1902.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Mutual Savincs Bank ' of
San Francisco, 33 Post st. For the half
year ending June 30, 1902, a dividend has
been- declared at the rate of three (3) ¦ per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
payable on and after Tuesday, July 1, 1902.
GEORGE A. STORY. Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California and Montgomery sts.
— For the six months ending June 30. 1002.
dividends have been declared on deposits in
the savings department of this company as
follows: On term deposits at the rate of
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
day. July 1. 1002. Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after July J, 1902 J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager. '
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Call-
lornia St., cor. of Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June, 11)02. a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate per an-
num of three and forty-two one-hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits, and
i three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1. 1902.- LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 526
California st. — For the half year ending with
June 30, 1902. a dividend has been declared
at the rate of three (3) per cent per annum
on all deposits, free of. taxes, payable on and
after Tuesday, July" 1, 1902. GEORGE
T0I7RNY. Secretary. *>
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES.
NOTICE of dissolution of co-partnership — The
partnership heretofore existing between the
undersigned, under the firm name of
WRIGHT & KOCHMAN, doing business at
Nos. 250 and 258 Turk street In the city ami
county of San Francisco, was dissolved by
mutual consent on the thirteenth day of May,
A. D.. 1902. MICHAEL J. KOCHMAN.
DEXTER M. WRIGHT.
The business will hereafter be conducted
by DEXTER M. WRIGHT at 250 Turk street
where he will be pleased to receive the
patronage of his former customers.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
James W. Macdonald, 36, Los Angeles, and
Jana Itolend, 32. city.
John Vlolich, 31, city, and Clementine Cu-
sanovich. To, city.
John Fischer, 28, i)0 Elliott Park, and Anna
Beckstein, 21, 1051 O'Farrell street.
Langton A. Madden, 21, Boca, and Gertrude
A. Frost, 21, city.
Ernest Fnderlin, 22, 51 McLea court, and
Eva M. Iiousseau, 17, 7% Grand street.
George I. Butler, 25, 818 Eddy street, and
Kathleen Fallon. 23, 1516& Vallejo street.
Domenico de Vincenzi, 29, 331 Broadway,
and Angeli de Vincenzi, 19, 1701 Dupont street.
Edward Nightingale, 28, 213 Union street,
and Sophie von Ahn, 21, 429 Green street.
Emll Warner, 32, 219V4 Tehama street, and
Lizzie Tuite, 23, 219 V4 .Tehema street.
Diedrich Hoecker, 37, 2908 Twenty-first
street, and Gesche Lankenau, 30, 1061 Florida.
Patrick W. Roche, 28. 1269 Folsom street,
and Alice Gartland, 28, 505 Devisadero street.
Louis S. Sturgis, 31, 18 Essex street, and
Evelenor R. Hart. 18, 1418 Jackson street.
Andreas E. Pedersen, 22. city, and Catharina
M.-Schleth, 19, city.
John J. Nicholas, 22, . Vallejo, and Rose G.
Byrnes, 20, Vallejo. /•
Gustavo A. Strand, 41, city, and Kate
Strand, 41. city.
James H O'Learyi 28, Vallejo, and Ida
Lange, 27. city.
William B. Jacobs, 45, 532 Third street, and
Deborah S. Cox. 35. city. -^
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent -b"y
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at eithertof the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sona authorized to have the same-publijhed.
MARRIED.
EDHOLM— HUPPERT — In this city, June 21.
19C2 by the Rev. *3. G. Vogel, Ounnar Ed-
hoim and Victoria Huppert, both of San
Francisco.
FRANKLIN— FOX— In this city, June 22, 11)02.
by ths> Kev. Hyman SamueUson, Charles A.
Franklin and Josephine Fox, both of San
Francisco. . _ ¦.--¦.
HARRIS— GOLDMAN— In this city, June 15,.
l:)02, by the Rev. Hyman Samuelson, Nathan
H. Harris and Ray Goldman, both of San
¦ Francisco. . ... ..
SKOOTSKY— BERKMAN— In this city, June
22,. .1002, 'by- the Rev. Hyman Sarouelson,
Solomr.n Skootsky and Hattle Berkman, both
of San Francisco.
-
OCEAN STEAMERS. ,
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, July 3, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. . .
I , Saturday, July 12, 2 p. m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti .
; .....Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
j. r. jPEicms & bros. co.', mm aih, 329Mari3> •
ura'l Pass. Qfflca. 643 MarKet St. Pier Ha. 1 Pasi3; li
EAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALIEJQ,
. Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICBLLO
8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day.. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m.. 12:30 noon, 6 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. re., 4:15 p. m. Faro 60
¦ cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and
office, pier 2. Mliilon-itrtet dock. HATCH
BROS.' _' ' •¦
AJVEBTISETiTTjNTS.
JfjiCAFlTEilS 1
/S§j8gv5fw lay * ¦ ¦ IbC
SSOK JfiMOHE
Positively cured by these
liittle Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per- >
feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongae
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Prfca-
f " OCEAH STEAMERS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' tL^ Steamers leave Saa Fnf
Hffta^. cisco as follows:
W||3feii For Ketchikan. Juneavi.
BfiSnlS^Sk. : Skagway, etc., Alaak*— 11 »-
E5TjSr\|r|i m - June IV 20. 23. 30. July
RffVggaVM 6. 10. 15. Change to eom-
! fSSflK^ylaa pany's steamers at Seattle.
IWq^KQ - For Victoria. Vancouver,
¦* F° rt Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Wh«tcmtt—
11 . m June IB. 20, 25, 30. July 6.. 10, 1*.
Ch^ee at Seattle to this Company's tUitxn
fnVAUskk and O. N'- RT.: at Seattle or T*-
I.. n N-'p By; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
"F^r^^Humboldt Bay^l:^ »._¦,_
Redondo), San Dteeo and Santa , Barb»r*—
ea t£te R ofVmortl£' ThuVsSy. » «. ¦. _ _
FoV Los AncelVs (via San Ped»o and East
(•Corona on£y). »,_¦•#•
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Pa*.
Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. J«» each month.
For further information obtain folder, - .
Right U reserved to chanse steamers or «aD-
lJ %C a K]E?r PJTXCTE-* New MonUoaer*
Passemrr A«.nt. ,
GOQ D ALL.,PERKlg3 ef .ff- g- *S5&* .
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
* — FOR —
LEAVE SEATTLE:
9ENVTOR* 0 P- M., JULY 1
VALENCIA 9 P- M.. JULY 18
' \nd fortniehtly thereafter during the sea.'on.
* Steamship CITY OF PUEBLA. leaving Pan
Francisco June 25" and July 10. will connect
with above steamers. The new and elegant
steamships Senator and Valencia made regular
trips to Nome last year,' landing all passenyers
and freight without loss, mishap or delay. For
casstnser rates . and Nome folder, aj.ply .
T1CKF.T OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hate I).. -
GOODALL. PERKINS &'CO.. Gen. Agents.
C r>. tVUNANN. Gen. Pass. Act.,
. 10 Market St., San Francisco.
O.R.& N.CO.
ONLY STEAMSHtP LINE TO
PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line. From Portland to AE
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 22. July 2, 12, 23
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27. July 7. 11
Steamer sails from foot pf Spear-st.. lla. in.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 MoBg*r.3.r.
Wm$*®& SAILINGS. I
; ' KORTHEM COMMERCIAL CO.
Will- dispatch its flrst-clasa steamers, carrying
. United . States mails, for .
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
' As Follows:
" ¦ . From San Francisco
'Si-S. PORTLAND About June SO
S. S. ST. PAUL About July 10
From Seattle.
S. S. OHIO... : .*... July 8
S. S. INDIANA .July 2tt
Connecting at Nome with steamer Saidie.
carrying United States mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City.
Golovnin and St. llichael.and connecting at St.
Michael with the- company's river steamers for
Dawson, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
' For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
; &13 Market st.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONO. calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai aact
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. . i - • •-.. i
SS. HONGKONO MARU
.„ Saturday. June 23. 1909
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Thursday. July 24, 1903
8S. AMERICA MARU
I.... Saturday. Anwst 1«. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced Tates. < Tot
freight and passage apply at company's of flc*.
421 Market street, corner First. *
" W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
' . _ . . . . v
jiamburg-Jtmerican.
TWIN-SCREW .EXPRESS SERVICE.
FCYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURO.
Columbia .-.'..July "31 Columbia .....July 31
F. Bismarck V.July 211A. Victoria . ..Aug. 1*
TWIJi-SCBEW PASSEXGER SERVICE!
, PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Waldersee .:...July llMoltke'. .July IS'
Pennsylvania... -July 8[». Palatla ,.._... .July 19
* Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburji-American Line; 37 H'way, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.,* General Agents for Paciflo
Coast. 401 California St., San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana da Vapors!
To Valparaiso, stopping at' Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA July l[GUATEMALA...Aug. 3
PERU July 23 COLOMBIA. . . .Aug. 15
These . steamers are built expressly for Cdn-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapuloo or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. :>1 6 California st.
BALFOUR, QUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
COMFAGNIE ' GENERALS TBAN3ATLAHTIQBS.
l;lKl.C.r LINK TO HAVRiC-fAiUa. ¦jr^-a-.
. Sailing every Thursday, instead of iSTfSSa
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42. J^hPSI*
North River, foot of Morton street.
. First class to Havre. (70 and upward. Second
. class to Havre. $45 and upward. .GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAM.
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
fork. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Paciflo Coait
Agents. S Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Ralload Tlckot Agents.
•;: .' AMERICAN LIXE.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
Kensing'n.July 1. 2 pmlPhlla July 9. 10 am
St. Louis. July 2 % 10 anil St.. Paul. July 16. 10 am
ltED STAK LIXE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Zeeland.. .July 5.' noonlVaderl'd. July 19, noon
Frlesland.July 12, noonlKroonrd; July 26. noon
.INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.CA.P.C.,30 MontgonVy st.
Adams, Charles J. Hosmer, Theodore G.
Auffst. Joseph . -. . Inrram, Mary.
Bon, Charles A. ' Kelly, Edward
Bonnemazor, Cath- Lambert. Nellie
trine . : Lavin, John
Damriiti,- Gustav r '. McElroy. Oscar .
Donisan. Rose '• - Murray, Charles G.
Draso, Georee ¦ F. Pedruzzi; Mathilda
9 Eagan, Honorah Riegelhuth. Freder'k
•Edds, Joseph T. Roberts, William
Frawley, Bridget . Rock. Catherine .
Freeman.' Jacob ' Sheridan, Roslie ,
Green, Ernest S. Wendorff (infant)
Green, Joseph White, William J.
Hanisch, Mrs. E. ' Williams, Henry
Harris, David J, . Wolff. Betsy -
ADAMS— In this city, - June 21, 1902, Charles
J. Adams, ibeloved • brother of Mrs. Annie
Cademartori, a native • of Heligoland,- ageu
32 years and 7 months. A member of Court
Sutrd HelKhts . No. 13«, F. of A. ' .
K5"Friends and acouaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). , at o: 15. o'clock sharp, from
the parlors of » the California Undertaking
Company, 405 Powell street, near Poat,
thence to St. 'Dominic's Church, corner «f
Bush and Steiner streets, where mass will
be c-Jlebrated for the repose of ' his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery, -s Presidio. ..
AUGST— In this city, June 21, 1902, Joseph
Augst,' dearly beloved husband of Magdalena
AuKst, . a native of Walk. Alsace, aged 33
years « months and 11 days. , .
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respeet-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
..(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 199 Valencia street, between
Hermann and Thirteenth; thence to St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Lea venworth streets, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
BON— In Oakland, June 22. 1902, Charles A.,
beloved husband of Marie I. Bon, father
of Helene and Claire Bon and brother of
Mrs. M./E.~ Chauche, a native of San Fran-
cisco, *&ed 37 years 11 months and 7 days.
E?Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend funeral services Tues-
day mornlns, June 24, 1902, at 10 o'clock,
'at the Sacred Heart Church, Fortieth street,
. near Grove. Oakland. Interment private. •
MEMBERS of San Francisco- Lodge No. 3.
B. . P. O. Elks, are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our late brother, Charles . A,
Bon, to-day (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, froni
Sacred Heart Church, Grove and Fortieth
streets, Oakland. Take 8:30 a. m. broad-
gauge boat and electric cars at Seventh and
Broadway to church. By order . ; '
PERCY V. LONG, Exalted Ruler.
BONNEMAZOR— At Campbells Station, June
22, 1902, Catherine, beloved wife of Barielles
Bonnemazor, and mother of Clemence and
. , Clements Bonnemazor of Alameda, a native
of France, aged 45 years 1 month and 7
days. .. / .
DAMNITZ— In this city, June 22. 1902, Gus-
tav Damnltz. intimate friend of Mrs. Meta
Eggcrs of 45 Hoff avenue, San Francisco, a
native of Province Posen, Germany, aged 50
years 6 months and 22 days. (Chicago pa-
.pers please copy.) . . ' ' . .
tC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1- o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr. & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and. Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. . .
DONIGAN— In this city, June 23, 1002, Rose,
beloved sister of Michael Donlsan and Mrs.
Catherine Carroll, sister-in-law of Bridget
Donigan, and' aunt of Frank, Rosa, Michael,
Mary,' Alfred and Julia Donlean and Mrs.
Mary Garbarino, a native of County Meath,
Ireland. •
E?FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, June 25, 1902, at 9:30 o'clock, from her
late residence, 5 Ewing place, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, -where
a requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the respse of her soul, commencing at 10
3 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
DRAGO— In this city, June 22, 1902, George
F., beloved son of Frank and Aggie Drago,
a native, of San Francisco, aged 4 months
and 2G days.
¦ C^The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents,
residence, 508 Linden avenue.' Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
EAGAN— In this city, June 22, 1902, Honorah,
beloved wife of the latr John Eagan, a na-
tive of Ireland.
E^The funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday), .-at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J..C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock. In 1
terment private, Holy Cross - Cemetery.
EDDS — In this city, June 21, 1902. Joseph T.
• Edds, beloved brother "of J. . Edds, late with
Santa Clara Dairy Company, a native df
Kentucky, aged 30 years. . . ' ' ";
- C^Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Wednesday, June 25, 1002, at 8:30 o'clock, at
Charles J. B. Metzler's parlors, • 036 Wash-
" injton street.
FRAWLEY— In this city. June 22, 1902, Brid-
get, beloved . wife of John Frawley, mother
of Henry and John | Frawley, and sister of
. Annie, Hannah and . Patrick Lyons,' Mrs-
• Gilhooley'apd .the. Jate^Thomas,. Lyons, a na-^
¦ -tive of Cregcn, I County . Gal way, Ireland,
. a*red -• 06 years. . . ¦;
C7Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the -funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
. residence, 131 Castro street, thence to Mis-"
sion- Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
• quiem high mass. will be celebrated for the
.. reppse of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FREEMAN— In this city, f June 21, 1902, Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Free-
. man and idolized father of Louis£, Lizzette,
Alice, Amelia and Jennette Freeman, a na-
tive of Baden, Germany, aged 79 years 10
. months and 26 days.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 21 Fair avenue, between Mission
1 street and California avenue, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where" a solemn requiem
- mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 V o'clock. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GREEN — In this city, June 23, 1902, Ernest S.,
beloved husband of Emma E. Green, a na-
tive of Minnesota, aged 3.6 years 1 month
and 23 days.
GREEN— In this city, June 21, 1902, . at St.
• Joseph's Hospital, Joseph.. Green, a native
of Ireland, aged t>8 years and 11 days.
HANISCH— In this city, June 23, 1902, Mrs.
Emielie Hanisch.- beloved wife of G. M.
Hanisch, daughter of Mrs. W. Sunder, and
sister of Frank C. Sunder, a native of San
Francisco, aged 43 years .4 months and 3
days. ,
HARRIS— In this city. June 22, 1902. David
James Harris, father of David J., Alexander
and John W. Harris and Mrs. George In-
graham, a na,tive of Canada, aged 61 years
6 months and 17 days.
HOSMER— In Wawona, Cal., June 22, 1002, of
appendicitis, Theodore Goodman Hosmer of
Palo Alto, Cal. "
INGRAM— In Alameda, June 22, 1902, Mary,
widow of the late Robert Insrram. beloved
mother of Robert H., TiUie and Lilia In-
i gram, and mother-in-law of Injrham A.
¦ .Sharoe, a native of County Fermanagh,
North of Ireland. ' ¦
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Ihvited to attend- the funeral services
Wednesday, June 25, at 1:30 o'clock, at -her
. late residence. 1514 St., Charles street, Ala-
meda. Interment private.
KELLY— In this city, June 21, 1902, Edward
Kelly, beloved son of Katherine Kelly and
brother of Daniel Kelly -and Mrs. Downs
and Mrs. Stroyen, a native of "Scotland, aged
- .. 42 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ii-viteil to attend the funeral tt-— lay
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 57 Clementina street, between First
' and Second, thence to St. Brendan's Church
for services, commencing at 1:30 o'clock.
¦' Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
LAMBERT— In Berkeley, June 23, 1902, at the
residence of her parents, 3026 Shattuck ave-
- nue, Nellie, beloved daughter of Henry A.
and Addle Lambert, a native of Berkeley,
aged 4 years and 6 months. .
LAVIN— In this city, June 21, 1902, John '
Lavin aged 43 years. A member of' Nero
Lodge No. 177, K. of P., of Chino, Cal.
• (CyFrlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of the Hodcarriers' Union are respect-
fully Invited to attend- thelfuneral to-day
• (Tuesday), at- 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parjors of Theodor Dierks, undertaker, 057
MiEslon street, between Fifth and Sixth,
where the. cervices will' be held under the
auspices of the Relief Comriiitee, K. of P.
\ Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by car-
rlase. . .- -
McELROY— In this city. June 22, 1902. Oscar,
beloved husband of Hannah McElroy, and
father of Bert Mcelroy and the late Sadis
Judson McElroy, a native of Dorchester,
Mass.v aged (>0 years and 1 day.
• • (E?"Frtends 'and acquaintances • are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral . services
Wednesday, June 25, 1902, at 1:30 o'clock, at
¦ his late residence, 68 Shotwell street, thence'
.to Odd Fellows'. Cemetery. .
MURRAY — In this, city, June 23, 1002, at his
residence, 2663 Mission street,' Charles
. George, . beloved . son of Edwin . and Martha
Jenkins Murray, and brother of Edward J.
and Leslie Murray, a native of San Frar.-
clsco, aged 6 years 10 months- and 18 days. ''
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
- ' (Successor to Flanh^gan & Gallagher.) • 1
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND.EMBALMERS
1 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School. '
: ¦ ., ..'Telephone. South 80. '
Mt; Olivet Cemetery,.
-. NEAREST THE CITY. ¦
Office, 916 Market Street.
.. s Telephone^Bush 867.' ".¦
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
i Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.-
•McBrearty.' with the same company for 10
years; P.,F. Qreen, late with J. C.-O'Con-
nor &-Co., have, opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission St., between Seventh
-and Eighth. Telephone .South 44. <¦::-.
PEDRUZZI— In this city, June 22, , 1902,
thilda, beloved mother of Louis J. and Tilly
Pedruzzi, a native of Geneva, Switzerland,
aged C5 years and 8 months.- ....
RIEGELHUTH— In this city, June 23, 1902,
Frederick Riegelhuth, dearly - beloved and
only son of Conrad. and the late Anna . M.
Riegelhuth,"" and dearly beloved brother of
i Christina Rlecelhuth, Mrs. Henry Albers,
- Mrs. • Joseph Sucher, Mrs. Joseph Seaborg
and Mrs. A. * F. Arneke. a native ,of . San
Francisco, aged 42 years 1 month and 5
days. A member of Mission Parlor . No. : o8,"
N. S. G. W. • ¦-: - ... .
tETRemains at the. parlors of the Gantner
&' Guntz Undertaking Company, 1209 Mission
street, between Eighth. and Ninth. Funeral
notice hereafter. <\ •, ¦
ROBERTS-iln this city, June 23, 1902, W11-.
liam, husband of the late Ida Roberts, and
beloved father of William J. Roberts, a na-
.-tive of Liverpool, . England, aged 57 years
. and 9 montUs. '
ROCK — Entered into rest, June -22, 1902, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Joseph F. Rock and
sister of Mrs. James Reilly, a native of San
. Francisco. ->.••.
ICTThe funeral will take place to-day
(Tuesday) at. 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1009 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the, repose of her soul,
commencing at. 9 o'clock. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery. ¦ . .
SHEKIDAN— In Oakland, June 22, 1902. Ros-
- lie, beloved daughter of Philip H. and Effle
M. Sheridan, a native of Fruitvale, aged 10
- months. ¦ %Z .; ¦ ~
WENDORFF— June 23, 1902, Infant son of Al-
fred WendorfC.
WHITE— In Oakland. June 21. 1902, William
J. White, a . native of .Michigan, aged 35
. years. L.--' • -
WILLIAMS— In this city, June 23, 1902; Henry
Williams, uncle of Miss Maude L. Williams,
a native of Wales, aged 73 years 1 month
and 12 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
: fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, ' from the par-
lors of Hals ted & Co., 946. Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and . Guerrero
streets. . • . ¦' - .
WOLFF— In this city, June 22, 1902, Betsy.
. -Wolff, widow of the late Harris Wolff, and
beloved mother of Isldpre and William Wolff. -
Mrs. Mary Samuels and Mrs. Rosa Wolff, a
native of Ripeen,' Poland, aged 92 years.
• ¦ [CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 532 Grove street, and thence by 11:30
o'clock train to New Salem Cemetery for In-
terment. ¦ Pleaee omit flowers. <
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos. Santa Clara
County, on Los Gatos and Saratoga aves.;
• beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from /station; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, a,U of which is In >r-
chaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at |2000; agricultural . implements
and tools, fruit boxes, drying trays^wagons,
etc., included.
The residence is one-story. contains 0
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-bouse, tank, etc.; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable: price $16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO..
34 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
437 ACRES bottom land; best quality; all under
cultivation; fence and irrigation; mostly hay
and grain: good dairy property; ! 10-room
dwelling; 4-room tenant house; 4 large barns,
creamery, etc.; 18 H. P. engine; fixtures mak-
ing butter and cheese; cream separator for
1500 lbs.' milk per hour; all farming machin-
ery; spring water system' to dwellings; 64
registered Holsteln cows; 25 good horses;
sell with or without stock; also easy pay-
ments.
Many other properties. See list in Wednes-
day's Call. JAS. G. BEARD, 475-0 Parrott
building; hours, 10 to 12, 2 to 4. . •
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts. $t»0 to $00 per acre, on R&ncho
Cotati. Sonoma Co., future value assured, ay
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best foi« poultry and general farming. Apply
to Th» Cotati Co.. 302 California st.. for
pamphlet and information.
LIVERMORE Valley vineyards for sale, $3500
up; small cash payment, balance C per cent;
profits better than fruit; climate unsurpassed.
E. P. FLINT, 1118 Broadway. Oakland.
ASK for our list of suburban and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO.. Hayward bldg.,
Can Francisco.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMONS & SON. Mills bldg.
LAND bargains; new catalogue sent free.
Wooster. Whitton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
¦ — <• ¦ 1/
Write Wells. Saunders & Co.. Petaluma. for
list of bargains in fruit and ohlcken ranches.
' REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
20 ACRES 8 miles east of Berkeley: part wood-
ed; splendid pasture; for smaller place, nearer
Alameda, $1500; 10 acres; half in fruit; good
crops; In Nova to: for residence near park,
$900. A. W. BELL, 417 Parrott building.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark. Atnia Caliente. Sonoma Valley.
SMALL ranch and clear lots for 20 or SO room
lodging-house. Box 116S. Call. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
The Leading Real Estate Firm.
Sensational offer in Real Estate 1 for one week.
Astonishing values offered. Be sure
and Purchase.
200x150. on best street in Alameda; sur-
rounded by choice homes; only $12 per front
foot. This is a genuine offer; cost (50 per
foot; compelled to sell and will be sacrificed;
will sell any number of feet.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 Park St., Alameda.'
Take advantage of the price and purchase a
lot. ¦
ONE of the finest homes in Alameda at a
bargain; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors' Agency. 137 Montgomery st.. S. F.
ALAMEDA HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
TO let — 2 or 3 large furnished rooms for house-
keeping, or with board. 1309 Santa Clara
ave., Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
• BEUKELEY REAL ESTATE.
I HAVE for sale a splendidly built house of 12
rooms; fine cemented basement and large at-
tic; completed one year ago; lot 70x160; line
view; street work all done, and connected with
bath, pas and electric lights; any one want-
ing a thoroughly good house can get a bar-
gain in this. JOS. J. MASON." Real Estate,
Berkeley Station.
$3750 — A WELL-BUILT house of 7 rooms (i
bedrooms), gas and electr!c"*lights; lot COx
157; very convenient to electric cars and
station. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — S rooms, modern convenience, bath.
* etc.; easy payments. MCRDOCK, 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL. ESTATE.
$.100 CASH, balance easy Installments; mod-
ern cottage of 4 large rooms, two bay-win-
dows. S-foot basement; could be made into
4 good rooms; a fine home as it is; fruit and
flowers; close to iftne school, churches, elec-
tric cars and S. F. steam local train, in East
Oakland; price, all told, $1575; an ideal site
and lovely home; fine bargain; lot 37:6x110:
call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st.,
opposite Broadway nation. Oakland; carriage
free. H. Z. JONES, land owner.
FOR sale — New 9-room house; every modern
convenience: 11th ave. ' and East 18th st. ;
large lot; low price; easy terms. B. H.
WELCH & CO., 5th ave. and E. ISth at.,
Oakland. -
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FIJUMTURE good and cheap thia month. H.
6CHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOrSEKEEPING. J
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable. St. James, McAllister and La-
guna sts.
AUSTIN ave., 102, off Polk St., bet. Bush and
Pine — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms.
CLAY, 144C — 3 connecting rooms, completely
furn; hkpg.; gas range; bath; select locality.
FOLSOM, 834— In bay-window flat; kitchen,
bath, 2 single rooms; together or separate.
FOURTH, 237 — Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping for man and wife; inquire fruit
store.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622^ — Sunny bay window
suite of 2 front rooms; gas range, bath, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 847, opposite Jefferson
square — Furnished rooms; housekeeping; refs.
McALLISTER, C37 — 3 nice large sunny rooms
and bath; unfurnished: no children; reas.
OAK. 117 — Newly furnished suites, $14 and $12;
sink, gas range, bath, laundry; phone; adults.
PINE, 655 — Single and connecting furnished or
unfurnished housekeeping; reasonable.
STOCKTON, 1206— Model house; newly fur-
nished; free gas; housekeeping; $5 to $10;,
sunny; bath.
THIRD. 415B — 2 nicely furnished rooms; house-
keeping; gas range, bath; $12 50.
VALENCIA, 822 — Two sunny suites for house-,
keeping; electric lights; bath. -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st. -
ROOMS TO LET — Faro, and Un turn.
ANGELUS. .TTTiTNOwOPEN
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
Stockton St., bet. Bush and Pine.
ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister — New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill rocm In California.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 P*:r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night '
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. for No. 1
Fifth St.); rooms 25c, 50c. $1, $1 50 night,
$1 60 to $10 per week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
sished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 912 (HAS CHANGED HANDS)
A private residence; large sunny furnished
home-like rooms; hot and cold water and
• baths attached; for gentlemen or man and
wife; rent reasonable to right parties; de-
sirable location," near Jones St.; references
required; free telephone service.
BUSH. 1220— Nice room, private family; par-
lor floor; with use of front room; reasonable.
CLAY. 1020 — 4 unfurnished rooms, good order
for housekeeping; bath; $13. •
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. -
EDDY, 217 — Sunny furnished rooms, $1 50 per
week up; transient. C0c and $1.
EDDY, 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite; piano; every convenience; reasonable.
EIGHTH 22S% — Nice sunny room In private
family, suitable for two .Pinero in their hands than in the hands
of Miss Anglin and Mr. Miller it must in
deed have been a phenomenal sort of per
formance. The principal parts -were all
but flawless, the minor roles tuned up to
pitch throughput the large ; cast, and
the comedy conceived and interpreted in
positively brilliant fashion. Not a point
SOME CLEVER PEOPLE WHO
ARE ENTERTAINI2*G SAN
FRANCISCO PLAYGOERS.
And here comes In Pinero's usual big
third act. The scene between the mani
curist and Quex is simply breathless, the
play of character' upon character clever
to a degree, i He has his code of honor, as
foreign to hers as . chalk to cheese, and
i Inveigling herself into the position of
maid for the nonce, Sophy Is dis
covered at the keyhole of the- Duchess'
boudoir, where later, she. Is locked In by
Quex, who has sent the .Duchess to her
hostess 1 , room with a tale: of "nerves."
(Oh, horror!) a "nurserymaid," to where
the last curtain .leaves her peacefully re
posing on his psychic bosom. .
The story, of "The; Gay^Lord Quex" has
been told before. Briefly, it repeats thus.
The gay lord, the "wickedest man In Lon
don," has fallen deeply v in -love, for "the
first time in forty-eight years -of a mis
spent life, with a sweet and wholesome
young English girl. To win her he has
reformed — a simple matter, of \not doing
the thing he is. accustomed to v do. But
neither Rome ngr a new. reputation are
built in a day, and Quex. on his good be
havior, realizes the precarious tenure of
the difficult affection that the rirl -has
been coaxed and coerced into giving him.
Among those who disbelieve in him as a"
narrow-path finder is Sophy Fullgarney,
manicurist, and the foster sister of Muriel
Eden, the fiancee of Quex. Miss Fullgar
ney has been a ladies' maid and nursery
maid before reaching, her present exalted
altitude and is without any. troublesome
scruples as tb< spying, eavesdropping and
those other little conveniences for finding
out other people's business that are not
commonly made use of. Disliking Quex
heartily, and adoring Muriel as deeply,
Miss Fullgarney decides in her respecta
ble and impertinent mind that her dar
ling shall not marry, "that old villain,"
and with all her advantage of unscrupu
lousness sets about to entrap the 'very
vulnerable gentleman. She fails. Lord
Quex having been there before, in enticing
:him to kiss her, but does overhear. an ap
.pointment made between him and a senti
mental Duchess, who desires to take a
sentimental leave of her former lover, and
immediately places the worst construction
on the meeting.
An underground railway and a train of
cars flashing through a tunnel, in which
the. intended .victims of a heinous plot
are' bound to the track is, one ' of ;.the
thrilling features of "The Road to Ruin,"
produced at; the Central Theater last
evening. ¦ . Earle. Brown impersonates Jack
Morton,: the. hero, acceptably. Elmer
Bcoth, in * the character of Issy . Cohen,
the Jew, madean excellent showing; and
•with .Miss Georgie Cooper scored the
Central.
"The Two Orphans," that ever popular
melodrama that draws tears from •, the
gallery and dress circle alike, opened the
week last night at the Grand Opera House
in a style. seldom equaled. The scene in
which the second act is laid, the gardens
of Belle Air, evoked the continued ap
plause of the delighted spectators. The
capacious : stage was a vision of beauty
with' its cool masses of greenery, the
play of moonlight on sparkltng fountains
and the varicolored lanterns swinging
among the trees like glow worms. Every
act in- the play was set with similar care
and thoroughness, and that was the way
in which . the piece ,was played, too.
Maude Fealy was am ideal ;. Louise in
voice,, in figure; and in action, there be
ing nothing overdone or underdone. in her
personation of the sympathetic character
of .: the blind girl. Mr. Morgan gave to'
the part. of the chevalier, ,, Maurice de
Vaudrey, the same ; attention : to 1 detail
that has characterized air his work, and
it is of most excellent .quality, quiet and
repressed though it may: be, Hardee
Kirkland as the Count de Linieres, Fred
Butler as the outlaw Frochard,' Herschel
Mayall as Pierre, Blanche Stoddard as
Henriette- and 'Maggie* Lea vy as Mother
Frochard are deserving: of special men
tion, ... .
Grand Opera House.
The ever-popular "Idol's Eye" has never
been better staged or 'acted than it was
last night at ;the Tivoli. Hartman, Annie
Meyers, Arthur Cunningham and Edward
Webb kept the large 'audience that greet
ed the old comic opera convulsed • with
laughter. Frances. Graham, in her old
role of the priestess, received her meed
of applause and several handsome bou
quets. Sybil Page^enacted Maraqulta in
a manner that i gave her a' place in the
favor cf the audience. . She has a sweet
voice and a pleasng .presence, and, bar
ring a slight sign of nervousness, made
a good Maraquita. . She received a num
ber of .handsome floral , pieces at the end
of the first scene. vThe new topical verses
sung by ¦¦ : the ; quartet contained many
"shots" on current topics; and were re
sponsible for many- encores. The choruses
and the stage settings in the/ "Idol's
Eye" are particularly good. •'
Tivoli.
"Fiddle Dee Dee" was presented for the
one hundredth time at Fischer's last
night and the audience laughed as heart
ily; as ever. The house was, as usual
filled to the doors. A handsome souvenli
of the occasion in the shape of a set ol
photographs of the leading lights of th«
burlesque was given to each patron. Bou
quets for the performers whose abilities
to amuse have brought about the as
tounding success of * the production were
very 'numerous. Blake, Bernard, Kolb,
Dill, Maud Amber and all the others wer«
applauded as much as ever throughout
the long run. .; If "Fiddle Dee Dee" evei
wears out "Pousse Cafe" and the traves
ties "A Royal Family" and "Antony and
Cleopatra" will be put on.
Fischer's.
A good-sized audience was very pleas
antly entertained by the Neill Company
:at . the California last ; night with the
comedy' "Niobe," This Is the
farewell week of , the Neills.'and this last
production is' well chosen to leave ' the
best of impre3sibns ; behind. Edythe Chap
man, in the title role,; is more thanevcr
successful/. Neill; .in the character , of
Peter Dunn, is good as: a matter of
course, although it is generally admitted
that he appears; to better advantage in
the more. serious roles. Gertrude Keller,
who. Is becoming quite a favorite this
'¦ season, 'gathers new laurels as . Hattie
Griffin. Donald Bowles is sure to be
funnyj any where, and as Cornelius Grlf
rin'he is » exceptionally clever. The others
of the cast till in the gaps acceptably.
Frederick Warde in "Francesca di Rim
ini", comes next. '
California.
; The attractive j bill at the Orpheure
crowded) the house last night and the ap
plause was liberal. Mr. and Mrs. Wat
erous, operatic vocalists, made a hit and
Frederick Hallen and Molly Fuller cre
ated amusement and laughter in theii
musical comedy, "The Sleep Walkers."
Dave Lewis, the German character com
edian, tickled the audience with his funnj
sayings, and Mabel Sisson and May Stew
art made a favorable impression in theii
farcical travesty, "A Mysterious Pill."
The holdovers are Swan and Bambard
acrobatic comedians; Eleanor Falk and
company in a new specialty, VMoon
beams"; Lorls and Altina in their.sen
sational William. Tell act and Jehan Be
dini and Arthur in their funny jugglins
acts. . • . ... ::¦-'.'.. i.-k ¦-;-.--'.•.
Orpheum.
1 This popular star is fortunate in having
the. support of White Whlttlesey, George
Osbourne, Charles -Wyngate and Georgie
¦Woodthorpe to give her that aid neces
sary to the portrayal of the strong char
acter. she, assumes. That the piece and
the acting of it are;pleaslng to the puo-
He is best shown by the nightly crowding
of the house and the enthusiastic recep
tion It receives. "Zaza" evidently is good
for a long run. '• : .
The prophecy made by Florence Roberts
some -months ., ago. that "Zaza" would
prove her greatest success has surely
come true,',as the events of the past two
weeks have plainly proved. Miss Rob
erts gives to , "Zaza" a distinctiveness
that is all: her-. own. . • - "
Alcazar.
Round trip transfer tickets now on sa'a
at any of our offices. One trunk (round
trip) 50 cents. Morton Special Delivery,
40S Taylor street, 650 Market street and
Oakland ferry depot. •
Notice to Passengers.
A solemn high mass will be celebrated
at the Church of the Advent, Eleventh
and Market streets, on Thursday, June 25.
for King Edward VII. The British Con
sul and all the English residents of this
city have been invited to attend.
Mass for King Edward.
Rate $72 40, account N. E. A. tickets s?13
July 1 and 2, good to return until August Ul.
Via Salt Lake and Denver if desired. Time of
the Overland Limited less than three days. Call
upon General Agent. 1 Montgomery st.. S. F. •
LOW RATES VIA UNION PACIFIC B, B,
TO MINNEAPOLIS AHO HETUBH,
Mr. Miller has in Quex an apt vehi
cle for the display of his various dis
tinctions, finish, subtlety, manner, and
the rest. Ho is most grateful to the part
and the part to him, and Pinero's re
formed lord would go far. to find a more
finished interpreter. Sir. ' Chichestei
Frayne, Quex's'- unreformed" friend, is
delightfully assumed by Lawrence D'Or
say. and Miss Eustace gives a highly sym
pathetic portrait of the Duchess. Grace
Elliston is pretty in the pretty role of
Muriel, and tho rest of the cast are all
competent. The piece. It need not be said,
is mounted splendidly, the garden scene
at Fauncey Court being a de luxe edition
of the kindf'of thing.
the contrast is stunningly effective. Both
finally reach a common ground, and are
betrayed into a mutual admiration that
is as esthetically grotesque as their for
mer dislike. The last act, that reads
rather dully after the third, acts delight
fuliy, and but' for a slight sag in the sec
ond act there is no. lag in the interest. .
One trembles for "The Gay Lord Quex"
in the hands of any but the best of com
panies, but there was no tremble com
ing last night. Possibly to Miss Anglin
belongs thechiefest honor of the- illusion,
for her completely convincing assumption
of the manicurist role, so radically out; of
key with anything in her former reper
toire.* She invested the part with a rich,
unconscious humor." a "snippy," . flippant,
smart, impudent, yet sound-hearted at
mosphere, that set Sophy before one with
the strong, droll line of a Phil May.
Her gesture, tone, glance, everything,
strengthened the illusion, and Miss An
glin's Fullgarney will go down as one of
the greatest comedy portraits of the pe
riod. . . %
The other telegram was from the Co
lumbia National Bank of Indiana, stat
ing that it had been swindled by a man
named Stone, but omitting to give the
amount. It wired a description that tal
lies "exactly with the man Black now In
prison and asked that he be held.
Captain of Detectives Martin received
two telegrams from the East yesterday
regarding Black's operations there. One
was from the Security Trust Company of
Indianapolis, stating that a man answer-
Ing J. Black's description had made a de
posit with them of $1172 in cash and a notfi
for $500 and had withdrawn all of that
sum with the exception of $3, leaving the
bank short $437. .
bankbooks found in Black's valises at
the Palacfe Hotel, and the police are
awaiting further evidence in th3t direA
In i each case the letters of credit were
made out for a representative of the "Ear!
Fruit and Produce Company of Califor
nia," which has no existence. Many of
the bogus letters of credit were made out
in favor of names .that appear in the
| "Another end on which the police offi
cials are working is the possession by
Black of an engraving plate and a thou
sand or more printed copies of the let
ters of credit issued by the National Ho
tel-keepers' Protective" Association. Dur
ing April scores of hotels in the East
and Middle West were defrauded by
means of bogus letters of credit.' :
Until word is received from these instl
tutions'the police cannot tell how many
bogus drafts were issued by Black.
work on Another end.
R. M. Jones, Penver National Bank. May 14,
$500; Hoffman & Co.. Indiana National Bank.
$1000. April 20; G. A. Washington. American
National Bank of Indianapolis, May 2. $1060;
John O. Stone. Columbia National Bank, April
20, May 1, $2073 30; G. S. Beal, State Savings
Bank and Trust Company. Columbus, Ohio,
February, 3. $25: F. G. Davis. Garfield Savings
Bank, Cleveland, Ohio. February 20. $154 0&;
T. S. Steuben. Citizens' Bank. Anderson. Ind..
"April 30. $773 40; R. I. Smith. National Bank
of the Republic. Salt Lake City. May 29. $50O;
R. M. Jones, Denver National Bank, May 14
to IP. $3000.
The Poliea Department expects to hear
daily from,.-many banks jn various parts
of the country with whom Black has had
transactions. When Black's room was
searched at the Palace Hotel many bank
books, showing names and accounts as
follows, were found:
Black still maintains absolute silence as
to his antecedents, and will not discuss
the charges against him. He has secure^
the services of three attorneys, and fre
quently consults with them. .
Bankers' Protective Association. The legal
representative of the banking association
stated that the police would seek for fur
ther evidence against Black, and when
it was produced the association would
take every step necessary to convict the
accused man.
A consultation, was held yesterday aft-*
erncon by District Attorney Byington,
Chief of Detectives Martin and Attorney
D. Y. Campbell, representing the National
comedy hit of the play. Fannie Mcln
tyre, as the heroine, did good work.
"The Road V Ruin" is a lurid melodrama,
replete with'. me scenic and electrical ef
fects. A packed house enjoyed it from
start to finish last 'night, and testified its
appreciation by frequent outbursts of ap
plause.
CONSULTATION IS HELD.
The complaints filed against Black by
Colonel Andrews of the Diamond Palace
and by Cashier Scott of the "Western Na
tional Bank were based on checks drawn
by the accused on the Bank of Santa
Clara. The checks drawn by Black were
returned and protested and complaint was
made to the police.
Black had deposited a genuine' draft
with the Santa Clara bank, but he was
requested by that institution not to draw
against the draft until word came from
the East that the document was good.
Black's haste to secure funds proved his
undoing. Before the Santa Clara bank
heard from the East, Black's checks were
presented and protested.
Word came from Indianapolis yesterday
that Black's- drafts deposited with the
Santa Clara .bank had been paid. Conse
quently Colonel Andrews and the "West
ern National bank will receive their mon
ey from the Santa Clara, bank on Black's
checks.'
The draft deposited by Black in the
name of A. Young, for the sum of $1000,
with the National Bank of Oakland, .has
been paid also. This draft was drawn on
.the National Bank' of Indianapolis in fa
vor of "J. B. Washington.'.'
The Oakland bank received advices yes
terday from the bank In Indianapolis
stating that while the draft was good,
there was something peculiar in the trans
action. The Indianapolis bank officials
stated that J "J. B. Washington" had
drawn b.ut one draft - against them and
that he had checks printed with his name
and also that of the Indianapolis bank as
hi& correspondent.'
From the Oakland Bank Black drew j
the :,sum of $600 by check, and deposited
the same with the Bank of California,
signing his name as "G. W. Pratt." Black
also deposited $1000 In cash with the Bank
of California, and subsequently drew all
the money out with the exception of $60.
In the faco of the genuine drafts depos
ited by Black the complaints filed against
him last week will : fall to the ground,
but the prisoner will not be given ills lib
erty. The police, of Springfield. Mass.,
want him for passing a forged check for
$385. •;•¦;, -
When Black was ..arrested Chief Witt
man-sent a number of telegrams to East
ern cities asking for information concern
ing the .prisoner. The police of Spring
field, Mass.. desired to send an officer aft
er.'Black with extradition papers, but
Chief Wittman replied that it was not
necessary, as Black could be held here on
the local charees.
As ; the local- charges may not stand.
Black will be held as a fugitive from jus
ticepending the arrival of extradition pa
pers from tho East. .
Chief Wittman and Captain of Detec
tives Martin are not afraid that Black
will secure his liberty simply because
some of his drafts have turned out to be
good. ¦ -
A draft on a New York bank for $1100.
deposited with the Western National Bank
of this city, has been returned as being
worthless,, and Black will have to answer
to the charge of passing fictitious bank
ing documents.
CHECKS WILL BE PAID.
The' swift action of the police depart
ment of this city nipped in the bud the
daring schemes of the man of many
aliases. If he had not- been arrested last
week, .his- credit would have been good
with . many banking institutions in this
and other cities.
The payment of some of the drafts and
checks is looked upon by the police^ as
being a part of the plans of Black to
swindle banks all over the country. -Hav
ing once established his credit with a
bank. It would be an easy matter for
Black to deposit forged or worthless
drafts and checks and araw against them
before advice could be received from the
East. . :
Although information reached the police
yesterday that some of, the drafts and
checks deposited by Black in California
banks have been paid in the East since
his arrest. Captain of Detectives Martin
has every hope that Black will be given a
long term "in prison.
J. B. Black, alias Richard James, alias
John O. Stone, alias O. B. John and
known by a score or more of other names,
was arraigned before Judge Conlan yes
terday morning on charges of passing fic
titious checks. Owing to the absence of
the cashier of. the Bank of Santa Clara,
the prisoner was -remanded until to-mor
row at the request of: District Attorney
Byington. •
¦Will Be Held as a Fugitive
From Justice and
•Sent East.
May Escape Prosecution
on Charges Against
Him Here.;
BLACK'S DRAFTS
PROVE GENUINE
Pinero's/iUsual Strong Third Act in Evidence.
Florence .Roberts Continues Her Tremen
dous Hit-— Tiyoli Revives , ; Eye"
"THE GAY LORD QUEX" TAKES
ITS PLACE AMONG SUCCESSES
UTAH SCRIBES
TAKE SEA TRIP
Writers Enjoy a Fine
Excursion on Bay
and Ocean.
Visiting Newspaper Folk Are
Well Entertained by
Press Club.
The visiting members of the Utah Press
Association were the guests of the Press
Club of San Fiancisco on an enjoyable
excursion on the bay yesterday. The tug
Relief had been placed at the disposal
of the party by John D. Spreckels, and
when it left Pacific-street wharf at 2
o'clock about fifty of the visiting scribes,
including their ladies, were aboard.
The- excursion was in the immediate
charge of President L». E. Stover of the
Vrest- Club, and he was assisted in the
entertainment of the I'tah folk by J. K.
Polk. E. B. McCormick and H. A. Mc-
Craney. a committee , of the club. The
coir.ntitt'c provided 'ample ; refreshment
for Us guests and during the trip' the
cabin of the Belief was the meeting J>lace
for members of the party who desined to
drink vi> the health of the membtjrs of
the 1 -. Pr<2s? Club and to the prosperity of
that . urg anization.
The Xrp was enjoyed thoroughly »y the
visitors-i Tho weather was dehghtCul and
the bay smooth as glass, conditions which
are usually lacking on occasions of the
kind. After leaving her wharf vhe Re
lief etea^Tied as far as Hunters Poirit.
givir.g tho Utah people an opportunity to
see the U« con Iron Works and the Risdon
Iron Works, where warships are now in
course of construction. On the ' return
trip^the va.rious transports in the, harbor
were signaled by the party ana . a true
course for tthe Golden Gale was .' shaped
toy Captain ,5ilovich. Tne varioif?' points
of interest al ong the water front were in
spected and when Fort PoinC was reachod
the party wa6 treated to sc».ne heavy
Ehooting in tite fort, v.-here "lieavy ord
nance was bei.ig tested. The shells flew
over 'the tug end as they struck -the
water a mile cr more beyond immense
fountains arose as by raagie. The Relief
plowed her way into tije Pacific beyond
the. Seal Rocks. t>ut as the bar was be
pinning to break rather heavily a retreat
into the calmer waters of the. bay was
ordered. The trip was then extended to
Sausalito. and the skirting of Angel Isl
and the journey. The trip be
gan at 2 o'clock aivd continued for more
tiAt$ three hours. \ -•- - - . .
The trip to Chinaiowtn at 7:30 o'clock
was a delightful treat\ to the visitors.
Many of the Press Cl^'.b attended the
party, which met at th« Hall of Justice
at the hour named. Four detectives were
detailed as chaperons and under th<-;r
guidance nothing worth seeing. In th°
Mongolian quarter v.as overlooked. The
various josshouses 'were and some
cf the underground opican dens were in
spected, though not eritioaJly by the la
dies of the party. The Chinese theater
was also visited and the veird music and
idiosyncrasies of "thy? iloiigoliaji drama
enjoyed. On the return of the party the
rooms of the PreFs dub wrre visited by
the Utah delegation jn ! a bo£y. where
fuitable entertainment was provided by
the members of the /rlub. .The party
leaves for Monterey to-<iay.
Chutes. S
The twin sisters Mereditth. pretty anJ
dashing singers and dancrtrs: the tTvt> iit-
Tlo Pucks, very clever juveilito perflorm
crs, and Webber and Elliott, tajented. mu
sicians, who play on all sorts of ini=tru
m<rr.ts. were new at the Chutes yesterday
and pleased large audiences at both .per
formances. Kelly and Kent' in their mu
sical farce. "Ginger Snaps": Murphy and
Slater, colored comedians, ' and Nellie
Montgomery in her illustrated songs re
peated their hits of last week, and the
animatoscope showed many novel and
amusing moving pictures. Hardy Dawn
ing. Ti-ho loops th<» loop on a bicycle, and
Mme.' Schell in her den of performing
lions repeat their daring performances
rvery afternoon and evening. A new se
ries of living pictures by amateurs , will
be shown Thursday night. •
THE SAN CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE ., 24, 1902.
12
IT.is a pity-Mr. Pinero could not-have
been there last night, at the ..Colum
bia Theater to see his' "The^ Gay '>
Ix»rd Quex" done as Henry Miller,
___ Margaret Anglin and their stunning
company interpret it. John Hare and
Marie.. Vanburgh carried the -play for 400
nights in London and for a long season
in New .York, but if Pinero were more
in the cynic humor of . the play was
missed, not a shred of its subtle charac
terization lost, arid the audience was
worthy of the performance. It greeted
the Pinero-MiJler "Quex" with its best
gown, most alert attention, and an unct
uous chuckle that began with Miss Full
garneys confession to -her palmist-lover,
that "however exalted her present station
in life (a manicure) was, she had been
STOMACH A
If you want to get well again, you
cannot take a better medicine than
the Bitters. It is the best health
restorer known to science, and
will cure Headache, -'Nervous-
ness, Flatulency, Indigestion
and Malaria, Fever and Ague.
-Try it. ; X'J-'U *-*:'''¦ '
I SAME AS CU T 2^*3> ' I
ll MAXUFAnURiNGPARTNERS SAVE YOUR LAINDRY BILLS |
1 COULD NOT AGRtI, B/Wearing Our
E§ So decided on a dissolution sale; tt i itti r rncjn SHIFI n^ %
I w. bought their entir. showroom ffigg£?gj& 22S?t|
H samples at prices that enaDie us terwoven with best rubber, perspira- gj
1 to sell them to you at prices that tion proof. When worn with shirt f
I will surprise. The lot consists of
B hand and wrist bags of suede, •
I; steel-beaded chatelaine combina- JUST THE IHlMG — NEW I
g ' tion card case and pocketbook- WASH VEILS.
i Price special for to-day: Madg of good qualitv Brussels n-t, &
M 75c Cardcaso and Pocketbooks, for to- ,j Otte a or figured, fancy borders. ?uit.*#
fa day a bie. for hat trimming or fa£e veils.^B
ra $2.50 Steel Beaded Chatelaine Bags, JTcr High i y special for to-day lr.c PJ
Eg to-day j51.<.» .
M $1.50 Morocco Leather -Chatelaine fcirtv OHFFM ANNE TIES \
M Bags, for to-day §•**- "L.Vf \fVL.L.\\ tWiiUL. I ll_3. fe
a $1.25 Coin Metal Purses 3oC Made of best quality lawn. A\± inchta |
I And man, other higher and lone, -price. j^^^SS^sSS^dSSto?^ \
a ¦ ril^HlflM TflP^' fast colors in blue and pink or BoHd. '¦
m LU3niUI\ lUrO. Priced special for to-day l^c 5
El Stamped on art denim in wild roses .,«,«,- !
m and poppy patterns. For to-day... Sc LADIES ' HOSE. ,
I LADIES' CORSET COVERS. Made of good quality Peruvian cot- s
I LALFILO tUI\JL V.VfTH%-7. .warranted fast color; double hee! 3 -
1 Made of good soft bleached muslin, an( j toes light colored tops, black s
B high or low neck, tight fitting, weil f oot For to-day 12'»c '
I made, neatly finished. For to-day's "' ¦ " 1
I filing . . ... Sc LADIES'n HOSE,
I ¦ LADIES' VESTS. Made of good fast black American ;
r : Made «f pnnfl nnniftv American lisle lisle, double heels and toes: new Pa- J
E low neck, g no sleeves? ne™k ££ arm risian lace effect. Best value in town. I
| size lace trimmed, drawn through with only 1— :C ,
J silk tape. For to-day. .'lSlaC CHILD'S HOSE
I WAIST for COUNTRY WEAK Made of best So uth Sea Island cot- \
Jn LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, good ton, double heel3, toes and knees; fine \
U quality striped percale, full fre«t, jersey ribbed, summer weight. We >
fej" French back, new sleeves, adjustable challenge you to get these anywhere !
H\ collar. Well made, neat and inexpen- In Frisco under 23c. For to-day's sell- i
w five. Only ...15c ing, small and large size l?»e C
I me PflQEMRCPP 816 MARKET street,!
I J U L nUOLllDLlIU Running through to 11 0 'Farrelt.
| Mail Orders Solicitea. PHELAN BUILDING.
•^imiiiinirm-wi am " ¦¦¦mrMi.i iir : W
I >^l v J
: When on your vacation I y^^S^^^^^K I
there are many times when I .j^k^^^^'^^^^KE
I you do' not care to "dress I j/^^^^^^*^^^^0^^
I up." A sweater comes in l^^; E%^^^^^v^^^M
j handy \ these times. For Kf \^^^^^^^^M
I walking, riding, playing.' \^^ff :i '^^^^0^
I fishing, rowing, or any I
I kind of out-door exercise |
I or sport, the sweater is the |
? We sell good sweaters for one fj H
§ dollar. They arc all wool with | sA i]
H mercerized silk stripes. The col- | \^^^^^^^^A\ \~\ bn U
I ors are black, garnet, navy and | <%0k [i
M royal blue in harmpnizinc stripes; u ;; '»$<' §
i' they are knit by the latest ma- | ' eSfiP^wSP'^W I
§ chinery and will hold their j f
g shapes well after washing; value i-hh^mh hhV.^^1
a. $1.50, taking the usual sweater as a basis; sale price If
H Out-of-town orders filled— write us. *4
I 718 Market Street f)
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, A $20 Beft
! U. S. Supreme Court. Registered Attorney JtSS^TtW— »^ri35NM SU1 -"
I U. S. Patent Office, United States and For- fcfm**~L'^sl'/ ' S«Kft Sam» as others
eign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and H^ \W3S3%&l£&&rfe$-l sell" at -<-0. Cen-
CopyrJshtE. - uine; not a toy.
No. 700 7th Street, N. W. No drugs: r '°
Opp. U. sJ Patent Office.^ ashinaton, D.C Wk ¦ : ou?medlclne. CU Nrt W «W
¦^ "^^ *" ""^^ i^ am . /yU; ' by drugsfsts. dis-
; ; '¦ , counts. Free by mail on receipt of price.
• - - Circulars Tree "Ask for the "Dr. Alden Eleo-
MtftiiC Weak Eye« Strengthen- J tr1c Belt -" c *ll or address PIKRCE F.LEC-
MAYKRLE'S German Eye ' ' " ".
' . t0#/M^? " Water. 50c. at 1071 Market : : >¦.- .'.
''J»Ws*/ 8t.\lel. South 572. None sen- Wpolrlxr Poll <R1 -nt*V VpIP
,',.: '\~~y uine without this trademark. WCCKiy icUl, «Pl pel IC»U
ADVEBTTSEMENTS.
II Compare the |
I % Little Cigar I
I with any other brand 1
I and you will f incFthat I
I 1 its quality is unequaled I
I| and that it is also the |
I biggest little cigar I
COZY COACHES'
Lighted as it is with, resd electric
lig'hts 2o\d l\ix\irio\isly appointed,
the mast brillusavtly beautiful irauv
in the world is the CALIFORNIA LIMITED