VOLUME X0I.-W0. 08.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on. Page Three.
NEW VO.KK, March 2,-The floods alon*
th«- line of the Nctv York Centrul and
Hudson Jtfvcr Itailroad nre Interfering
extensively with tranic, according to m
jxrla etvcti nut at the Girarid Central
rtatlon Jn thin city. No ihrpugh trains
fot the wert wero dlnpatched in the.
attcrriooQ and evening. Urfdgrs arc down
iind trflrku warliod away between Hudson
and Albany; The greatest trouble was re
ported at points along the main line be
tween Albany nnd Buffalo, where trains
lire fctftlled or have not been Bent out be
cuuse of the floods along the line.
Interferes With Traffic.
?VI did not ixj.c-ct." KttM Slirnor Marconi
ti the IJoifmuti J louse this evening, "to
revelvo any rnfUKugcs beyond 1M0 miles."
Mr. Collins asserts that while the x; m 
brla wus traveling over the name route as
the Philadelphia and close behind that
vessel he had never received any intima
tion whatever that wlrelens message*
wore continually flashing by his «hlp. al
though hi* JnHtruments were in perfect
order itnd the receiver kept constantly
open. That there was nothing wrong
wJlh the. Instruments Is shown by tha
rrtoTd of numerous sljfnuls which were
sent to and rocaivod from the Campnnlu
and the Etruria. ,
imnlri Colltnt, wlrrlrug telegraph ope
rnw.r on board tli« Cunnrder, ox-prr-med
Kreut surprise when told that the Phila
delphia, which nrrlv*d en Saturday, had
received dally mcsaajTM from Toldhu 8tn-
Uot\, Cornwall, the la»<t nlgnnl being re
rorded by the receiving instrument %vhen
the rhiladrlphia was 2039 istatute miles
dlKtant from the sending etatlon. Tho
statement made by him seenm to fully
xubetantlatc SJffnor Marconi's claim that
wireless messages cannot be Intercepted or
read by any station or ship except the
particular one to which they are being
N'EW VOrtK. March 2.-Purth»>r Inter
net in addt-d to the remnrlcable. triumph
which wireless telegraphy scored during
thr voyage of the Philadelphia to this
port by the arrival here ihls morning of
the Cnbrla «<f the Cunurd Unc. which fol
lowed clo*i? behind her.
That Mcsgngea May Bo
Safeguarded. ¦-'.-"„'
I'i oof of Signor Marconi'g Contentloa
WIHELESS TELEGRAPHY
MAINTAINS SECRECY
•From all over the; valley come -similar
I reports of ! dtimago. The, storm was the
'worst* ever known-ln the, valley.;. lt ; ls be-'
llcvcd tho onihards- have suffered severely
, and the dama go , throughou it ; tho' county
¦ wlil 'run ;into . many , thousands ; of > dollaira '
All -the evening, train's. from'San' Francisco'
wero delayed' at* Redwopd 3 by*; the; storm'
' ¦•¦-".- >-'¦;,.-¦''."'•;¦ ¦¦¦ :¦,.: .-.¦*¦ ; , v-r •.-¦
At Coyote station, twolvomlloji south of
this city, » largo wiirehouso was Wocke-J
and part of It wns blown' across the track.
The north-bound overland, train,; whlch'ar
rlves here, at ,'0:3D : o'clock, , was '. ovar^'an
hour injcomlng from' Coyote. y'Aftfer,' tho
.track had [ been , clcn rc<l . of /tho _wrcck ': of
tho warehouse, a largo treewas en(joun«
tered'neur Edcnvale; ', Tho 1 train , nimost
diiBhcd;into'lt before 1 It was seen. V It took
»om« tlmo to 1 cut the {tree In' two arid re«
move It from, tho track. ;'. .".';.%'* • |f '"
'The end of the packlng-hbuso belonging
to , the BoroelH Fruit Company, at .West
Bide, was blown out. It' was lifted bodily,
from Its ' place and carried' many feet and
dropped down In a road. 'The damage will
b«i , from »iooo •to'iiboq.; >> - '•'•; ¦ ;-
1 St. James Park this morning, looked like
a wrecked, forest. < Seven or eight largo
trees had ' been jblown down and -limbs
had been broken oft of others. All over
town tree's wero uprooted and high Xcnces
knocked 'down. A one-story, frame build
ing ori El Dorado street, hear San Pedro,
belonging to* P. ' : ,dV ! Balsaet arid occupied
by the ' Olmstead j cnrrla go ; palntshop, . was
wrecked... The : front, of ;th« building was
blown out and fell on 'the '^sidewalk. >!
From all overithc county eonin reports
of,,duma8e to .thin; brchjirds, fehccH and
'outbulldliiK*., TnlogrHpb, telephone and
electric light wires. were a hopelosuly tun
,gled miiHs, this jnprnlng... Uecnusu of this.
diuiRcrous condition of iiffnlrs In this city
and Santa Clara" •lt,M)(»cn'm« necessary to
turn, off the : elpctrlo llKhtH, 1 nnd.theso
"])lac<'H wero In ilarknesB. In this. city treew'
wer« blown down.Mawns. wrecked and
buildings and femes' damaged. Thn blK
electric towcr.wits swaying backward and
forward, nnd for sorna minutes du'rihg^the
heaviest part of the storm there was some
fear that It might full. In tho lnst storm
two of the Iron,, braces .were broken, but
from, observation It, 'seems to havo with
stood last night's storm without any dam
age. ¦' '; ..... ' ''
dona great damftifn throughout the coun
ty nnd city. A steady, rain had 1 been full*
Ing all the. afternoon, and 'during tho
height. of tho stijrm the. water como down
In a torront. Tho • proiclpltatlon lor tho
{wonty-fottr hoiirs endlngnt 9 o'clock this
morning wns 1.8C' Inches. , (
and did not rench hero until about 3
o'clock this morning.
Tho old Mission cross nt Bnnt.i Clarn.
which stood In' front of Santa Clnrn Col.
lrKf slnc.e, the founding of the mlnslon, In
1777, whs blown down lust night by the
blK storm. For 115 years tho cross had
withstood storms. In falling lust night It
,wu's' broken Into splinters and spattered
about In the lot whero.lt stood. The.
father* and students of the. college rushrnl
out In'tho storm and picked up. the pieces.
Theuc will bo glued together and tho
cross again '. planted 'In the _ exact spot
where . It wns placed by j the Franciscan
fathers over a century ngo. Mnny years
ngo tlin wood of tho cross become ho
worm-eaten and rotten thnt It became
necRBKury to cover It with boards, but It
wuh not moved from its original place,
and. glass panels were placed In the cover-
Ing 1*0 that thn original cross could be
seen.
FLOOD NEAR RANCHES.
Great , Quantity of Water Spreads
Over ¦ Part -'of Sutter County.
MARY8V1LLE, March 2.-Portlons of
Butter County bordering on the tule basin
are experiencing the most damaging flood
that has visited the section In thirty years.
After a struggle of several, days on the
part of men employed to hold the levees
and protect farms from the continued rls*
of water flowing into the basin, the leveet
are submerged,' and for several' hundred
yards water is flowing over the top In
district No. 1 back levee. The embank*
ment gave way In several places, allowing
the, water, to rush In on the surroundlna
farms In a volume that has never boon
equaled. In; tho county. The water In,' tho
tule was 'about flf teen Inches higher than
; has ever been known before, nnd ' n« a re«
suit a . greater area of country Is Inun
dated. 7 ¦ • . '
¦This Is one of ' the richest, and bes.
fnrmltiK tracts of Butter County and
thousands 'of acres ! of .•growing: grain ar%'
how under water." Reports from the Ride '
out* farm; show that tho. levees surround
Ing that Innd nro still Intact, but tho
continual encroachments of water on
the '.embankments are .dangerous nrid
many; men-; arc employed watching day.
un'd night tho dykes thnt protect tho great
livestock and hop farm of N.D. Hideout.
Peraoris who were out to-day to the
flooded district describe It as a "vast sea,"
which la gradually spreading over, the ad.
...-.,/- ¦;., .... - • • • ¦ .........
1NC1UKNT;OF THIS mO'BTOIlM WHEN THE CALIFOUNIA EXPRESS
. CUAH11151) INTO AN EMPTY CATTLE CA It WHICH HAD UEEN
. HLOVVN.FnOM.A^BIDlNa AT SU1SUN. ;!@ .
HAN JOSE. March 2.— Tho most' terrlflc
gale ever known here swept over Sun
Jo8e and Santa Clara Valley last, even
ing. It reached Its height between 4} and
8 o'clock, when the wind gained a velocity
of from forty to fifty miles, an "hour.:: The
storm was almost a hurricane and it has
Clara Is Blown Down/
rumoua Old , Mission Cross nt Santa
GALE SWEEPS SAN JOSE.
Knglneer Taylor states that the wind
and rain made. It Impossible for him to seo
any .distance ahuui of his truln and that
he d|d not sight tho dcrcllctcar until, the
moment of tho cthhIi. The track U now
clear and trains will bo running on sched
ule tlmo to-morrow. Other than, the, blow-
Ing down of .electric, telegraph nnd tele
phono wires and the uprooting of. a few
trees, the wreck Is about the only damngo
donohe're. The town wus In darkness
lust nlwlit lifter !• o'clock.
The train was made 'up of engine 2127,
with six cars, four of them being* dny
coaches, and left Davlsvllle In charge of
Conductor O. M. Morris at 11:17 p. m., ar
riving at the scene of the disaster at 12:21
a. m. It had aboard some of the grand of
ficers of tlfe Fruternal Order of Elks, who
left San Francisco Saturday evening to at
tend u meeting and initiation ceremonies
at Sacramento. They were stalled at
Davis by the washouts between that
place and Sacramento and concluded to
return. Those. In the party were Thorn- n
Dunn, exalted luler; Herman Kohn, sec
retary:, Percy Long, leading knight; An
drew Corrlgan, loyal knight, and Dr, Cam
eron, Darby Laydon and John Kelloy. ¦
Thf» empty car wiih thrown on top of
the tngine and the latter* left tho rails,
running for a tiunrter of a mile on th«
tl.-H lii-rnff it could I.'- stop|)«d, although
the "emergency 'mikes wero promptly rip
piled.. The derelict enr' caught 'tire nnd
burned Itoelf freo from tha locomotive. It
took every effort of Knglneer Jeff Taylor
und Klrcmun 11. 1*. Iladermnnokcr tu pre
vent the Jiiimos getting Into tho cub nnd
tender find from there to Iho enrs of the,
trnln. The front of the englno wnn de
molished by tho collision nnd tho Urn
created still further dania«e. 'A piece of
ini'tnl from ono of the pilot wheel* ntruck
the llreman, nnd knocked him down, but
otherwise, no one, on tho train wum In
jured.
A brnkerpnn Hugged another section of
the train, which; wn's following twenty,
minutes behind, nnd : Conductor Morris
walked In tho drenchhiK rain to report thn
disaster nt the station, whero u 'trostlo
crow nnd section men were notlfled : and
sent to clear/the truck. The boggug'u curs,'
which' had ifeft tho rullH, were placed tmck
on tho track and with tho passenger
coaches wero taken to the Tolenim siding
by tho englno of the second train, wher»
they remained until nftcr noon to-day.
The pnsscnaors breakfantedon bacon and
'"SBS prepared by the crew of a freight'
train which wus also waiting there.
BijlBUN, MhioIi 9,='J'hfl Jjea'vy ¦ wind . nf
l"=! Mluhl WMH -rr*i|intiMililt> fpl 1 . ft t!»llri"in1
wfisf'k nrrtf Hulf=iin wliU'ld while Hhi re*
fiUltliiB In |08« af llfp. w«rt .exiifltifliv* (ft
!tlf rtl*tt1U*«Ml l*rt<-lfir tVjIiiJhltty^fdft'iUJIwil
hii luif-fi-iiiiildti 'uf 1 rnrrte frit 4 twrlvn liuiirn,
TIip Crtlife)|-hl« *>*iif*>M, dtit» lirt'^'Bt 6ll»
(•'rluok yenteti1«y eVciiljitn wn* neveNil
linurti laic RfHTWfll iifrsutniihly tniiliiii« up
lust tlni" whifl It iiiaiLil Hulstlll. A speerl
or ilfiy miles nu hour Imd been mkds for
gome rmil tlin »M«lii"i'r liinl flml
off strnm on the down grnd<* n mile be
fnrp "iitprliiR Ihn Rulsun ynrd, when his
engine cashed Into an bmpty rattl? cur
which liinl licru blown from n sidetrack
onto tlto mnln lino, 11 dlstnnce of* moro
Hum 11 mile.
Lives Ala Lost.
tha»t onABiinfj into oar
Onlfl nt UulBUii OftUBoa Wreck, but N«?
The wrullmr lins rlrmnl mul It Is bi«
lleyrd 1 In- in. .si h, iIuiih stagti In the flood
HIIIIIIIhII llllH llflet) IHIKHI'll. 1||-'|III||M I'H
i'Ui.i frmn Hi" iiMMiniiiiiM in-niiiiii Hiiiin
iimi u |k pnnwlng *ih fat 1 *»¦'''• SI hIiih
t'niiyoii. «
Hrlde plarn, the- upper Parish pirn 1 ?, ilia
i'iimI . I'lnri-. the Heed orchard itnd tin)
Miiul.i-ni lift 1 r of thn town of WiimIiIiihIi.ii
inivr 1. . rii tmt under wnter to 11 more nr
narcly lias a function taken place In
the capital which has been free from em
barrassment consequent upon failure to
recognize th« rights of an EmbaMndor.
In the cane of the McKlnley memorial rx
rrclses not only were, tho Kmbajisador*
placed behind the Justices of the Supreme
Court and aids of the I'rexldent, but not
enough urats were provided for them. Had
th«» diplomat* hern In uniform there i« no
doubt that thry would hnve arisen nnd
kft the rhnmbrr of the House of Ittpre
neatttives.
A« A lf = 'l» ••' the .lit. nrel.Mt l.rHs rr,, II, o
gfcreUry and h<<\<\ i%une§fot@ It 4evel*
oped <•-¦¦!»< thAt " #et fit »r B iiinn...ic will
bit P'i. ,ir.i whleh will d#flnit^ty d^tefmtne
thp ttitui of Cmba^adurM ttt nil fune>
t!rin«, Ptf BMtmily hot nnr nf th«» iSmbaS*
rsflorn rntps whether hfe PVtr goes to nu
omelsl function, tnueh ie^s ¦» 1^1 « he *imtl
be VOsced; but whrn h* Is IhVltPd offlclally
us llii? representative of thn jieraoh of Ills
foverrign, rr puch rrpj-pprntatlvo ho must
1 «.\<- all tho rights and prlvllr-ar« which
would bo accorded to Ills rhlrf wrri» Iip
present. The Kmbasnadurs of \\\,> I'liii.-.i
Btates In Burope Insist with some vigor,
as Oo the foreign Cmbassndors In Wash
ington, that tfcty receive the rights and
privileges which International etiquette
accord to otndals of their standing.
Loid Tauneefote, dean ot the dlpto
mstlo corps, railed on Hrrrrinry Hay
.•Ti.i/.v and fnr almmt en hour was
> : - tni.i «nh that nfiioliil dlscusiiliiEi thn
rtfhtB nf l'iul.i.Kp...lMin I'liiitMiy lint
jully rnnrurred in ths vl«w evpreissMi liy
<t>0 l-ilit'l. I i-il.-it-r-.i.t, 1 il, til Ik Hlid Ills
. iu ,(;..» slinuld liaye Imu peatrij \\e%\
l» the Preilrtenli and mmlfl nuiy pupress
i*ifM for \hP duregftrd. of inifrnnUimiil
dlfplflyed by Sennt»r furnkpr
en4 HepresentBtlvB firopvpnar, whu
ferrafd th« cemmlUfe hnvlng eti^r^u ot
the flfpanptrnpnli for Ui* **i»rel&*s,
CALL. nUnEAV, J<08 a BTREKT, N.
W., WASHINGTON, March X-Kormnl
protest has been mnd« by the Emhapsa
dore of th« foreign powers In Washing
ton, as tho result of the action of th<*
Congressional Committee In seating them
behind th« Justlres of the Supreme Court
1 ' the M- -k 11.!- v memorial excrelses.
|!p»cl»! n*r*tch '" the rail.
Torxlfn Eepresentatlvee Make For
mal Protest Against Oelng
Deated Behind Supremo
Court Justices/
Troublo Growa Out of tho
Lato McKinloy Memorial
Ezercioos.
Forakor and Groavenor
Guilty of Broach of
Etiquette.
The citizens of Washington wero called
cut 1,-iH. nlfcht to . stop the leve« from
crumbling: Hetween Knights Landing and
Woodland 2000 feet of track lint floated
off tint roHdUfd, nnd socur«4 from further
wanderlngi by stakes;. Half a mile of tin*
track between Miu-ctie*- and Tudor, in
KuUcr County, Is under water. The wu
tvr Is rushing through a brcuk about
three miles below Sacramento, on . the
Volo County side.
A farmer numed Chapman was eating
his evening m«-;il with his fumlly when
the lovre lu front of hln place gave way*
CliHpmun and t>l« family •¦m:ni»<-<i from ttie
house nono too soon, forln 11 fnw min
utes; from the high ground to which they
ran, .they kiiw their home carried awuy
with tho ruKh of water. Krom this brcuk,
which Is now 2M feet wide and running
twenty feet deep, the Dlxon placf, the
Snyder place, the McGregor place,,; the
Buckman and Cnrragher place, the Mc-
Gowan place, the Tassell' place, the Me-
WATER RUINS LEVEES.
The obstruction prevented tho return of
the Htull'-d local truln nt Davlnvilln to
run •"''(¦in, while wiu'iiouiM on the roud
to Knights Landing mude Imposslbln, lt«
(otiiiiu: Into Hii< Tiiin'-nto via tli.it route.
Afodwtunee whs rendered from 1'ort CokU,
while the pttHHcnRtTH on the local from
8an Frunclsco remained nt Davlsvlllo nil
night. Many of the puwngcrs walked the
ihlrtcrn miles from Davlsvllle to Sacra
mt-nto this mornlnK.
A truin was srnt from this city to meet
them, but It was found th.u over u splice
of two miles near Webitef the water had
washed the top of the roadbed awuy,
making travel Impossible. The local
train was returned to Port Costa and ar
rived here via Stockton to-day. Jt 1m ex
pected that the road from Port Costa to
Bacramcnto, upon which a large force of
men Is working, will be in good shape by
1 o'clock to-morrow afternoon.
The wires were down In the mountains
as far an Colfax to-day. There has been
a big fall of enow In the mountaln»,
twelve feet toeing registered on the
ground at Summit and live feet at
Truckee. Four inches of snow fell at Rod
Bluff, a remarkable occurrence, while
there was a fall also as far as Vina and
Orlund. The levee In the Lisbon reclama
tion district, down the Sacramento River,
has brpken, flooding hundreds of valuable
acre*.
PAS3ENGEIIS HAVE TO WALK.
T«MNB IN OMSAT PIPVIOUI.TV
'j'tta jiBkiuPiiBPi' train which l"ft Bftdra«
mento fni 1 WiuhIIhjiiI »l "Jiin u'dut'H lw>t
nlpht hflrt resrhtd » point uhout nix mllM»
west «f th" town of WnehlnatMit When It
WHS ( 1| C .l.\.lr.l U.'.l III.. Wlllli ll.l.l li'nll
• weepHUf Vtt(*t MUftllllllW of UllM ami (Illft
weed from the ovpffltiw upenUhe »r«ek,
and thet It would be lim»twelljlp to W"*
t^td fuHh^r with eifely. It ,was detUi^rt
to revffpe th» engine ftiid tun bHfh (ui
Hiiei-ameiite, but inffltiwhlli* thp dejirlfl
litid bttH d«p(tilt«d byMh>»w»i l i!t«iftWf
llinl jiofllftli of the tfatU Which Uli tfalli
hn»1 junt crossed, tind It Was found its iltt»
pQiifblf to ttiovi? bttekward us lo «» fur*
waid toward DuvUvlllc. flu Itlfeffi tha
linln stood In tha water and peltliitt rain
tiMll afirr a few hours the storm sub
.idm
The obstructions still prevented tho
movement of the train either Imckwurd or
forward, but WeljoWr station was only
a mllo away and thither tlift conductor
i>li..t'-«i the paKsenaers on foot through the
tnngio of d«'brls which covered tho track.
A train it Webster carried thn paMert-
Ktrs through to Davlsvllle nnd Wowdlund.
The local train from Ban Francisco leav
ing that city about 3 o'clock had mean
while reached DuvlMvllle, but It was, of
course, found Impossible to proceed to'
Sacramento. Orders \ver« dUputched fur
it to go buck tb Port Oomtn, nnd come lo
facrumento by wny of Stockton, but bo
fore thrso could be put Into effect news
was received of tho accident which had
Just occurred ncur fluluun.
. *
S^CHAMKNTO, March J.-Tho
PR«t twenty.four hours have
wltneeged nt'enf-s unexampled
In the history of Baernmento
and the tributary country.
The Buernmento ntver linn
been rUlng gradually for several days and
last night rearhni fi hdRht of twenty
eight and two'trnths fcft. Anxiously men
patrolled th* lev^o onthp'Yolo sldr, nnd
thousands of sneks were sent from thl»
city to be filled with enHh nnd nurd to
fortify wenk spots In thn embankments.
Thm the storm arose, and within n fow
tours tho nerles of tflnRrnph pul^s wern
lying prostrate on the streets uf th# City
and upon tha roads running for mllfs In
nit directions. The train dUpntchers OOUld
not regulntp tho movements of tho trnlns
nnd nil (raffle was brouRht to nn absolute
standstill. Th« water In tho Volo bMln
was Isshed Into fury, and not only iwept
over thu main overland lino from Hun
Francisco, but shot high upon the trnlns
that were *'nuijht In the tompVit,
Th« conditions which the storm brought
Oil lasted throughout to-dtiy, and It whm
well toward nvftilug brfore It wh» iin
iioiinrprt tluil a wile whs working IW«
uiiii that tho Injury onim by lha hlfli
water wnd. the storm whs In m fnlr w»ty
of rrpulr,
Train Runs
Into a Car
at Suisun.
SHOW SLIGHT
C 0 U RTESY TO
EMBASSADORS
Loss in East
Reaches Into
Millions.
. Rivers and, streams arc '
ovcrfloiving their banks, and
residents in the neighborhood
'of the waterways have found
cause to be greatly alarmed,
Storms in Pennsylvania
and Nciv Jersey continue in
rfHI Mom which has
.. . , 1
prevailed for several
days in the Sacramento. \ ; aU
ley region arid with probably
greater severity iwthc north
ern part of the State lias
caused an enormous amount
mm i^ATMniON. N. J.. Mareh I.
jjj R This city, recently swept by
fj jfiF flro, Is overwhelmed by 1 flood.
B Three iv'pfks «go the greater
-em.' [J* part of Its business sectloti
was burned out and to-day
the tjuartfr occupied by the houses of tho
poorer tlnss Is Inundated. Hundreds of
fiimllles have been made homeless by the
overflow of the 1'aMiilc Itlver and the
country for rntlos around the city Is under
water, Ho fnr but one death htis been ro
portnd.
Tho llro of thrf« wpeks ngo, while c«us«
Ing n dunlin,'*' to property to tho extent of
iu inly |.s,ikhi,iiiiii, did not create such *ut
fi'rliiR hihI wkli'sprrud desolntlon as the
flnod of to-ilny, Tho district for n mll«
nlung tho river front, from Hpruce«street
Hill to BtralBlU Htroet, itnd two blocks
north nnd five blocks nouth-of th% rlvef,
nearly half n mile, in width. I* covered by
water, which In. many |nstahcqa rmich** 1 *
tu the etcond stories of the dwellings. In
this iiinit in inn Hiu.ii.-, 1 the Rogers Loco
motive \Vorki nnd several silk mills and
dye works, In the Immrdluta vlctntty uf
thene* hives nf Imluoiry fully 600 fttmlllo*
Imvo Itcen driven fri/m their tenements,
of these Unfortunate* sovurul hundred
wufa i.iUiii from thfilr houses In iiuui.i
Illld I11IIUIH illllhl iii'i'iii'M llf IIHIi'll i'»rllu
m*nti
0AUINO If Oil llOMKMCnn.
In Mm HtiMftiio nf Mnvtir .i"Mi> i'i. nil n
•¦iiiTm, who Is nuw In Uuntt reuuperBMng
fiom the.Mrttln of the recent fire. Thomfw
.J, HrfgArii iiFPSlilenl of Ihe Hoard wf
AJdflffB§ni In anting Mown , «»m«i, with hi..
Mayor's SVllllnfn In Ullli In do»
Imm hlN tiiiiinai lu lelleve all thuse who
need rtpsisutii », 'I dry Hini in r«aeh Qov>
einur Murphy •<» «i»tv, but t»\\<--A to \«> <n
him, 'Hie mi tins Mftt-Mi- (hen t-mk it upon
[bljfi*i«l[ hi t'l"-'H the I'iriii tt"EitM"iii Aiin>
vty 'urt «• tpttitiurttry lC r*i'lfl#iiee fur ihe
liniiirlrps rntttllli ¦", iiini-o than n hUhdred
uf whli'h ni-p linii«r.|| thnrn tO^tght, Tln
illlJlPllfl Of I'alnrprtll WPtn utMirriiiM III
Ihrli' gifts to the Buffpicrs. Wiigotiloads
uf lilniilii In. t'lothlng and provisions ar
rived at the iirriHiry from all quarters uf
tit" city, tii" most prominent dunur being
Mrc. (Inirttt A. llubttrt, the widow of the
late Vice President.
In the work of rescue one of the most
earnest tollers lost his life. This was
Henry Richards, a carpenter, 40 years old,
who lived on Frunklln street. After mak
ing several successful trips, on each nf
which he brought three or four persons
from ths neighborhood of Kearns Broth
ers' dye works, on Shady street, his boat
wns upset and he was swopt away In tho
watera, which 1 wero rushing with the
force of a mlllrace. He clung to tho
brunch of a tree for neatly a half-hour,
but In spite of many attempts to reach
him ho finally dlsnppeared In tho muddy
wutcr*.
BOATS PROM NEWARK.
Chief of Police F. O. Uruul nnd Fire
Flro Chief John Btttgg were Indefatigable
In their exertions for the relief of tho
distressed und were ably assisted by tha
city employes of every department. There
was n lack of boats to cope with the
emergency and Secretary Dili telephoned
to Newan". fur help In this direction.
Newurk responded, with a wngonlond Of
boats, a dozen In all, which arrived In
time to give excellent service.
011 Hamilton avenue, near the river, the
foundations of two m-w butldlng* wer<i
undermined by tho flood and the struc
ture!* collapsed In tho afternoon, the
abutments on both shores being swept
away. Alt the other bridges are com
pletely submerged, cutting off communi
cation between the two sections of the
city, The boilers and the engine rooms of
several of the big mills aro ten feet under
water. Many of the mills arc said to bo
covered by flood Insurance. .So far tho
mills are believed to be aafe and the matn
loss will be caused by the enforced cessa
tion of work until the waters recede.
2IURBICANE VISITS MEXICO.
Many Buildings Are Destroyed in the
City of Monterey.
AUSTIN, Tex., March 2.-The city of
Monterey, Mexico, was swept by a hur.
rlcane .wind all day yesterday and the
day previous. Several hundred houses ln<
habited by the poorer classes were de<
ntroy«.-d. The larger manufacturing con*
ccrns and many business houses were
timlly damaged by the terrific wind. Tho
property losses aggregate ' more than
$300,000.
RESIDENTS USE ROWBOATS.
Entire Southern Portion of Albany Is
Under Water.
ALBANY, 1 N. Y., March 2.-Rallroad
traffic has been badly Interrupted and not
a wheel has turned on » street car lino
to-day 'as a. result of the Hudson River
overflowing Its banks. The entire'south
ern portion of the city Is under water and
residents have to unc rowboats to get to
11 nd from their homes. The New York
Central tracks west ¦of Albany are en
tirely under water, and all trains arc
transferred to the AVest Shore road at
Rotterdam : Junction.
The train which left New York at 7:30
Sacramento Valley Suffers Severely From Terrific Gale
and Downpour and Railroad Traffic Is Interrupted.
GREAT STORM LEAVES PATH OF RUIN
AND RISING RIVERS CAUSE ALARM
VIEWS SPOT
WHERE BLUE
FOUGHT GRAY
Prince Honry Tarries oa
Lookout Mountain
Battlefield.
Famous Struggle.
Lrsteno to Grny-Haired Vet
cronV Account of tho
Hojnl Guest It«ceivni Oerlaa of
Henrt.y Greetings m lie Trav
erses the States of thi
INltJANAPOUIfl. lud.. March 2.-Prlnc»
Henrv of I'rimula went up Lookout Mr>un»
tain to-day, and, wfter viewing thn ground
where the I'nlon and Confederate arml*-*
met In conflict Hm1 hearing afresh tha
story of tlm buttles, resumed hi* Joum«y
to th« North and West, leaving Chstu
nongA over the Nanhvlllo, Chattanooga
tin. i hi. Louis Railroad, his train' ran
through » corner nf Alabama and then,
turning to the north, hurried wrross Ten
nessee, with n short stop at Nashvlllo,
1I11..1111I1 I'. -11111. lo. with brief stays In
l.iiiii-.viii.- nnd iinwiiiui flremn, und up
Into Indiana, to unnth«» brief halt tti (n
• liiiinti "!••'. In lii>Hiiiiiui'ill« the cour«4
wnu rhunged in the westward again, nn.i,
nn the tl'urks nf Ilin Vdiidttlla, lit -s tr«!u
Im tonight nn the mad, to Hi. bOUjfi
Prints Ifsnry'i raespttan in the Bourn
was heritable and demonstrative, Th«
negroes manifested great eurtoslty «• to
the Prince and they imoiv a tr,i und
amused him. He had ah opportunity t u
hear them »lfi« In N4*hvtll« and was
greatly pl«a**tl at the experience. It wat*
the tllee Club of Flake University thai
mtiu. pii-1 Hi the eln<«» ho Asked (he v.i.imm
woman who led I he nlngeri to enm* Into
his ear. It* shook h-r u-m\<\ and SetifMt"
ulated hoi.
Th«*rp wits k gr*at crowd st Chattandn*
t-i and Hi" ppnpl* presented th« Prince
wllh n handsome souvenir at hU visit.
Nashvilta also madn n demonstration of
friendliness, as did Loulsvllls and tndlait
apbltii
KOYAL GUEST DELIGHTED.
At every station along the route th«
people gathered to salute him wUh
cheers. There was much enthusiasm over
Admiral Evans as well, and, at several
points, after they had seen and ctieertd
the Prince, the people called for the art*
mlral. iirlef though It was, Prtnce Henry
was delighted with his Houthern tour,
and as he was leaving Nashville he said:
•'Thr people have been very kind to me.
Everywhere they have received mo In tho
kindliest manner and 1 very deeply appre
ciate It. I wish they might all know how
thunkful 1 urn."
Guided by a pilot engine, the royal spe
cial made a rapid run from Cincinnati to
Chattanooga. Tired from his exertions of
the dny, the Prince retired nfter leavlr.4
Cincinnati, but his slumbers were dU
turbed by the clamorous calls mada for
him at some of the Kentucky town*.
At Somerset several young men run up
to his car, and, beating on the windows of
his apartment, fumlllnrly called upon him
to appear. lie did not know that It was
simply an act of hoodlums, and said when
he arose that ho would hnvo shown him
self If he had been dressed.
It was 8 o'clock when tho apeclnl draw
Into the depot In Chattanooga and tho lo
cal reception committee, headed by New
ell Hamlcrs and accompanied by Perulun
Commissioner II. Clay Evans and Gen
eral ftoynto.fi, came forward to formally
gneet the Prince. There was a great
throng In nnd about the depot, and It
broke Into hearty cheers when the Prlnco
appeared at the rear of the car Colum
bia. ' He wore the uniform of an admiral
and saluted when he faced the crowd, llw
and his party were taken by special elec
tric train to the Inclined railway that
chimbs the rugged face of Lookout Moun
tain. They made the ascent In two car*,
the Prince, escorted by General Boy'ntun
and Commissioner Evans, riding on the
rear platform of the first car.
HEARS STORY OF THE BATTLE
The morning was fairly clear when tha
car began the ascent and the splendid
panoramic view quickly came Into yUlbn.
A» the Prtnce reached th* crest of tho
mountain the nun brokn through the gray
lah clouds and for a short 'time the view
was excellent. Missionary Ridge, Orchard
Knob- nnd Raccoon Mountain were out
lined clear and bold, and below the Ten
nessee River could be traced In Its menu
¦derlngs for miles. General Doynton. who
participated In the Chattanooga opera*
tions with 8hermun'ft army and is chair
man of the Chteamauga National Park
Association, accompanied the Prince down
along the ridge of the, mountain and
briefly rcluted the story of tho campaign.
He pointed to the. Cumberland Mountains,
b*yond which Rosticrans began the move
ment, traced out the feint to decelvo
lining, brought >t up to the command of
Grant, and then graphically told the story
of Chtcamnuga und the. assaults on Mis
sionary Ridge and Lookout Mountain.
Prince 'Henry followed the recital with
the keenest Interest, nnd, with the m.i;>
before him." studied out th* strategy and
progress of the flght.i H* ask*d numerous
questions and at his direction hi i aid.
Continued on Page Twow --.
.'¦¦¦¦:
PRICE FIVE CENTS:
BA^JftlANUJSCQ, Or 3002.
The San Francisco Call.the publication of the various yearly ba.n>
report**. The results set forth in the r»
port of the Deutsche Bank are characterl
ized as brilliant and made an txeiiiZnl
impression- on the Boerse, advancing the
Pay» Pi ve; Millions for the- Omaha
Grant Mines and Plants at
¦';.;¦ i''. I Velarderia.
DUBANGO. Mexico. Marc.h 2.-The
mlries , smelter of the Omaha Grant
Smelting. Company at V^lardena Mexico
have been sold to the American Smeltlmr
and Refining Company. . The • pt£cha»e
price was Jo.000,000. purcnase
SMELTING TBUST BTHTS
.j.'/? PROPERTY pi MEXICO
WASHINGTON, X>. C..' March t— Fol-;
lowing are the Pacific. Coast Items -in the
river and harbor bill, made public yester
day: .
Harbors: California — San ' Dlegro. '$287,850;
Wilmington. $350,000: San Luis. Obispo, $50.
000: Oakland. 8100.000: Bloaeom Bock. Car-.
quinez Straits. $381,000. I ¦
-Oregon — Tillamook Bay and bar, $27,000;
Coos Bay, $10,000.
Washington — Olympia ' harbor. $25,000; Seat
tle, Shllshale and Salmon bays, $160,000; Ta
ooma. $75,000; New Whatcom, $25,000; Grays
Harbor, . Including Chehalls River. $50,000.
-Rivers: . California— San Joaquln, $18,000;
Sacramento and Feather.' S25.U00; Sacramento-
Feather debris dams. $150,000; Petaluma.
Creek,- Napa - River, $G0OO; Redwood Creek •
$1000. '
Oregon— Coquille River, $30,000; Coos, $2000"'
Sluslaw. $26,000; Columbia at Cascades. $30
000: upper Columbia and Snake, $25,000; mouth
of Columbia. $1,500,000; lower Willamette and
Columbia, below Portland. $225,000; Willam
ette above Portland. Yamhill and - Long Tom '
$G8;C00; gauging waters of Columbia, $1000 '
Washington— Puget Sound. $13,000; 8wlno
mlsh Slough. $3O.0C0; Cowlitz and Lewis in
eluding north fork of Lewis. $9000; Okanosran
and Pend O'ReUle. $10,000. *
Examinations, survey and -contingencies of
rivers and harbors. Inspection of bridges etc
$250,000; emergency fund, $200,000. ' --'.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
i "' American. securities. were not helped "by
•the decision in the matter of the Northern
J Securities Company, as operators are ap-
I parently' r waUing the final : adjustment . of
the' case.: Although- the. outlook' la- con
! cldered layorable home rails ¦ were de
: epondent. increased' wages and taxation
setting off cheaper coal. Industrial shares
were dull in' sympathy with home rails.
Mining securities are valorously attempt
ing to recover after the sharp check : the
carnival of speculation received the mid
<31«i of: last- February at. the settlement.
The position of mining shares is healthier
| since many of .the weaker bulls have b*Bn
shaken out. but- the volume of business
has shrunk to comparatively nothing.
.-¦-BERLIN;' March 2.— Although the recep
tion of Prince,' Henry in the United States
made an . excjellent -impression • on ¦ the
Boerse during the last week.lt did not In
fluence -values, the disposition being to
await, practical results therefrom.' "
- After the, revival' of -speculation of the
past • few weeks ».the * impression • gains
ground, that this matter liaa been over
done, consequently there is a tendency to
take profits. Besides domestic conditions
the Boerse was .further affected' by. the
check to Kaffir speculation ' in :< London.
While the 'American iron reports. of tho
last week reacted favorably and the ' do
mestic lrori market continues to Improve,'
the > Boerse quotations • on', Iron -shares
weakened through overspeculattori. •• •
The feature of tho wetk was the" great'
strength of bank stocks as the" result of
- LONDON,' March 2.— The condition of
the money . inarKet during ; the last week
flid net encourage activity on, the Stock.
Exchange, where a period . of stagnation
has succeeded the recent sharp outburst
of activity. The passed. f off
easier. than was expected, but the market
Is still indebted £$8,000,000 or *9,000,000 to
the bank, with the prospect of continuing
to borrow from that source for, some tima'
to come. The most notable feature of. the
present situation is the continued demand
for gold from Paris.; .
During- the past week the 1 Stock ; Ex
change was altogether languid, -in -spite
of thft activity in South Africa : arid the'
considerable successes, reported by ¦ Lord.
Kitchener... ..' v "
How. the i. Three Pacific
Coast States Will
Eare.
Stagnation Follows the
Recent Outburst of
Activity.
ITEMS IN RIVER
AND HARBOR BILL
DULLNESS MARKS
LONDON CHANGE
quotations on Deutsche Bank stock hy
4 3-10 points. The Dresdener Bank and
others, while .heavily reducing: dividends,
made better earnings than were expected.
BAKERSFIELD. March 2.— A fire, pre
suirably. of Incendiary origin, destroyed
property on Chester avenue,' between
Seventeenth and Eighteenth streets, late
last night valued at from $15,000 to $20,000.
The fire was discovered In the rear of
the premises occupied by the Simmons
Furniture Company.
Tire Destroys Valuable Property.
SAN JOSE, March 2.— A lunar rainbow
of considerable brilliancy was visible here
about 3:30 o'clock this morning and was
greatly admired by those whose work had
kept -them up. A heavy shower and _a
bright moon caused this phenomenon.' Tho
rainbow was of about live minutes' dura
tion. It was In the northern sky and a
dark cloud was the background of thla
pristine display. Few of the observers
had ever seen one before. » . ,
Sky at San Jose Mar v el ously Illum
inated at Early. Hour in the
- . Morning.
BET^ATED PEDESTRIANS
SEE A. LUNAR RAINBOW
NASHVILLE, Tcnn.. March 2.— Prince
Henry of Prussie spent fifteen minutes in
NashvlUe this afternoon, arriving over
the Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis
road at 2:30, o'clock and departing over
the Louisville and Nashville for Louisville
at 2:45 o'clock.- Ten thousand or more
men, womon.and children ; crowded the
union station and railroad , yards for; a
sight of the royal visitor and accorded
him a hearty reception. The Prince did
not leave his car, but from the back plat
form smiled his acknowledgments of • tho
demonstrations in his honor. He made no
speech, a hearty "Thank you,' thank you,".
Plantation Songs.
Prince Henry Hears, and. Enjoys
NASHVILLE'S, WELCOME.
Promptly at 11:30, o'clock the special
moved slowly westward, the immense
crowd following it for a short distance
tlie royal visitor. remaining on the plat
form bowing his acknowledgments to the
enthusiastic gathering.
INDIANAPOLIS, March 2.— The special
train bearing Prince Henry of Prussia, and
his suit pulled Into the . Union station in
this city shortly after 11 o'clock to-night
on schedule time, and after a stop of sev
enteen minutes continued its journey to
St. Louis. Fully 15,000 persons were gath
ered in- and about the 'station here : to
greet the royal visitor. Four companies
of the State militia, under command of
Major H. T. Conde, were stationed at the
east entrance of the Union station, which
was profusely -decorated with American
and German flags surrounded by the thou
sands of trl-colored Incandescent lights.
When the trajn had come. to a standstill,
Governor Durbin and Mayor Bookwalter
entered the car and were presented to
Prince Henry by Embassador von Holle
ben. Governor Durbin extended greeting
on the part of the State arid Mayor Book-
, waiter, welcomed Prince Henry to Indian
apolis and presented him with a beautiful
souvenir of the city.
After the presentation and address of
welcome Prince Henry was escorted to the
rear platform of his car. His appearance
was the signal for a mighty cheer from
thousands of throats. A German singing
society sang the German national anthem
to -the accompaniment- of a' band. * The
band alternately played German and
American selections.
Thousands Cheer the Koyal Prussian
in Indianapolis.
ON INDIANA'S SOIL.
i The Prince stepped from the stsps of
( the front platform of the last. car to th>3
temporary platform, accompanied by
Colonel Bin«jham and several secret ¦ ser
• vice men, including Chief Wilkie. He was
I met by E. Pollier, <5erman'Consul at Cin
cinnati, who presented Mayor Gral tiger
of Louisville. The Mayor presented Pres
ident Marion E. Taylor of the Board of
Trade and others of . the reception com
mittee and then formally the
rcyal visitor to Louisville. • ' - '
The Prince received from E. Pollier,
German Consul in Cincinnati, an en
! grossed address from the German Sol
diers' Society of Louisville, which Mr.
Pollier was' deputied to present.
Prince Henry then boarded his train.
As he was passing along the side of the
car nearest the - crowd a German citizen
stuck up his hand and the Prince shook
it. Immediately a hundred hands were at
the window. The Prince, unknown to the
crowd, passed on, but some one in a na
val uniform 1h the car shook as many of
the hands as the few minutes that the
train remained allowed.
LOUISVILLE,. Ky., March 2.-Prlnc6
Henry o.f Prussia reached Louisville at
7:45 o'clock to-night, heard an address ot
welcome, received an album and an en-,
grossed- address, met several 'citizens, ac
knowledged with repeated salutes thi*
cheers of several ] thousand - persons and
.at .8 o'clock left for Indianapolis. The
time the Prince was here was cut short at
least a third by a slight accident which
pi evented , him leaving hla car as soon as
the train stopped. The local reception
: committee had erected a platform at a
point outside the car shed of the Tenth
street station 1 of the Louisville and Nash
ville Railroad, and . when the train
stopped a gang plank was put from the
steps of the latst car but one to the plat
form. However, the car steps were too
far south of the platform, so the engineer
was signalled to move ahead. He moved
about six feet-and the gang plank became*
wedged between the sides of the -vestibule
entrance to the Pullman car and the sup
ports of the platform. The gang plank
was half demolished and the vestibule
door was torn off the car.
SHAKES HANDS BY PROXY.
Prince Is Impersonated by One of His
Party in Louisville. v
By the action of the 1 water, which
seeped into the Morrell Company's'lum
ber yards and wet some lime, 'a fire was
started, wKIch' burned the. office building
and the lumber in the yards, causing a
loss of 530.000.' ; ' -^ ,
being in substance his reply to the wel
coming address of Mayor J. M. Head.
During the stop, here the desire expressed
by the Prince to hear Some of the old
plantation negro sdngs of the South was
gratified, the negro -Jubilee singers, from
Fiske University singing three of -those
tuneful-: melodies, to • the manifest enjoy
ment of the Prince.-. V" ' , '
. PASSAIC, N. J., March 2.-The fiood.ln
the Wallington section .of the city seems
to ; be slowly rising and the whole low
lying quarter of; the city is submerged.
The city is in darknefes, 'owmgr to the
flooding of the plant of the electric light
company. Thq Lyndhurst bridge is gone.
. Fifty, city blocks are under water, vary
ing from, a few inches to seven feet In
depth. Two-thirds of all the mills are un
der, water and the, river, 1 which is usually
BQOfeet wide, is now 'three-quarters of a
mile wide at .W.allingtoji. There.- have
been several houses swept away- in "Wall-
Ington, all In" a straight line, or nearly so,
and it is believd the river is eating a new
channel through the" heart of the section.'
Three lumber yards hav^ not a- foot of
timber left to-nieht. • ¦
River Cutting New Channel Through
¦ ., \ Town of Wallington. ,
Property.-; Loss Around" Wilkesbarre
V a Million Dollars, r- '¦ " . $
WILKESBARRE, Pa,,.; March ~2.-^A
heavy rainfall, and a rush of water, from
its upper tributaries caused '.the north
branch of the Susauehanna*. River to rise
Tapldly to-day. , At 10 o'clock this evening
the gauge showed 31 feet and. 3 .inches
above low waters-mark; ¦'To-day's high'
water mark is equal; to. that of 1865, \ which
has always " been' .¦"known ..as a record
breaker. . '"¦:¦-,. -'• .:?'•; '.."¦' :-:•¦'',' ; ' ' -¦•
The water is qyer> the, banks'ofi the river
from Plttston-.tp.'.Na'ntlc:.> arid resembles a'
vast lake.- Nearly*' bhe : -half of the" city is
under water. MX, >W0st Moor,. Firewood
and Riverside ne^rty : all the residents. ya-.
cated^ their hous.es. The- water-'. Had
reached the first floors and was gradually
going up to the second. -Those.who.ling
ered too long had.to be 'removed' in boats."
The people livinfrba. River and adjoining
streets, . which is ;' the. principal - residence
portion of the city," .were hemmed in by
the water and are 'unable to 'leave their
home except by;bbats. ' •:. • .
. Two hundred families "living- in the low
lands in the tQwipof. Plymouth had to
leave their houses-i^astily "this afternoon;:
the 'water covering; the. cflrst" floors, and'
putting out the-flres.^si-',^"'''" ; ' .?"...-<•'
In Nantic seiv«te»ri8<?iiVes'' were '"swept;
away, by the -T|i»hJ^gAci*fater8 -and ,< their
inmates had narro'vvyescftpes with thilr'
lives. The floodlnjj-or t^e boiler-room of
the power-houses of; the. \Vilkesbarre and
Wyoming Valley. Traction: Company dls
-abled the electric rallwayisystem; of. the
entire valley. .The > "JiobUrl Valley • Rail- '
road was able to" get '^a strain through
from Mauch.ChunK'-thIs, i ev'eningr, 1 the flrst
from the East strict Friday.'-. /.v: y
i Many cellars are. 'flopded-;, : and • it will
take some time r1)e£or6jvthey can be
pumped' out. \^«Su&&*€< t'K
Nine lives have becn.-lo&t-so far..' The
casualties for tho past\ iwerity- four hours
were three. The daniagrt to . property is
already estimated at Jl.OOO.OOO.' "
riFTY BLOCKS TTNIJER WATER.
FLOOI>; CLAIMS NINE- LIVES.
o'clock last-night and aboard which .were
more than 100 passengers did "nof/reach'*
this city at all. At Castleton "the water
was so high that the engine fires were
extinguished and the passengers were
forced to remain in the cars: until day
light, when boats were procured and they
were transferred to carryalls, which, 'took
them to Brookvlew, where a Boston : and',
Albany train was in waiting. to bring them
. to this fcity; • V .. -¦ vr! •
Later the Prince told one of the Presi
dent's delegates that he was very sorry
he had shown any spirit, but he was as
sured that he had had ample cause to
be annoyed and that there was no reason
for either regret or apology. .
The Prince returned to the city by the
electric line over which he had gone to
the mountain arid at the station, under a
guard of mounted police, took carriage
for a short drive through the city. He
returned to the train at 10 o'clock, where
the local committee, with Newell San
ders as spokesman, presented him with
a silver bound album, the gift of the-citi
zens of the city. The outer cover of tho
album bore a finely executed relief model
in silver, showing the battlefields. The
Prince, in accepting it, said:
• "I thank you. very much for this beau
tiful souvenir. I shall keep it always as
a remembrance of my. day you in
this interesting historic locality. Please
express my thanks to the citizens." i ' '
The Prince boarded his t*aln at once
and at 10:30 o'clock to a salvo of cheers
the special departed'.
. "I have changed five times, I think. You
will take me right here if you care to.
You have had several photographs al
ready." . .
The party was photographed at the peak,
and one of the photographers; a local
man, was sharply rebuked by the Prince.
The photographer did not like the : way
the Prince stood' and in a rather loud tone
repeatedly asked him to change. The
Prince changed position several time's, but
finally said: . .
Prince Rebukes Photographer.
Lieutenant Commander von-Egidy, nottd
down figures as to the number of men
engaged, the losses on each side and other
information as to the battles and cam
paign. As Prince .Henry stood at 'Rock
Point and looked across the valley of the
Tennessee he exclaimed:
"This is magnificent. I have never seen
such a battlefield." ..
-Continued From' Page One.
VIEWS SPOT WHERE BLUE FOUGHT
The correspondence captured with Gen
oral Lukban on the island of Samar is
of the greatest value. It implicates sev
eral Filipinos who have heretofore not
been suspected of complicity with the in
surgents. . \-y.\\
MANILA,. March 2.— While, Governor
Flores of the province of. Rlzal was chas
ing Fellzardo and his band of ladronea
over the hills of Cavite Province, Fellz
ardo, at the head of twenty- ttve men
armed with rifles, entered 'the town of
Cnintu,' In Morong Province, and captured
the Presidente . of Calnta, Benor Ampll,
and a majority of 'the police of tho town.
' Benor AmpU'has long been known • as
an enthusiastic American sympathizer
and it is feared that he may be killed by
the enraged ladrones. A strong force of
constabulary has been sent to effect his
release.
The ceremonies concluded at 7:30 t>. m.
with the sinprinpr of a specially composed
cantata by M. Charpentier and the play-
Ing of the "Marseillaise."
The Hotel de Ville, the Place des Vosges
and the neighboring thoroughfares are il
luminated to-night and open-air balls are
being held. .
It had, by this time, grown dark. "With
the fall of night there was a sudden fan
fare of trumpets. This was the signal for
the illumination of . the square. Several
searchlights were thrown on the house,
bathing it in white light, while on the
facade, by a combination of electric lamps,
appeared a mauve-colored muse • on a
golden background holding a lyre. At the
same time scrolls bearing the names of
the poet's principal works were 1 lighted
around the square and trailing around the
Place des Vosges burst into a multi-col
ored illumination, the fairy lamus being
so arranged along the arches and outlines
of the architecture as to reproduce a part
of the Alhambra. thus suggesting scenes
from Hugo's "Orientales."
The cortege concluded with girls repre*
senting- the muses of Paris. A young
Parisian working girl, chosen by her com
rades as the Muse of Labor, deposited a
simple bunch of flowers on the pedestal
of the statue, the bands meanwhile play-
Ing "The March of the Crowning of the
Muse," composed by Charpentier, the au
thor of the opera "Louise."
The official procession formed .at the
Hotel de Ville shortly before 5 o'clock and
proceeded to the Place des Vosges. On the
arrival of the procession the regimental
bands played the "Marseillaise," which
was followed by the rendering of Victor
Hugo's hymn, "Coux Qui Sent Morte
Pour la Patrio," set to music ! by Berlioz
by a choir of 1200 voices and the band of
the Republican Guard. The vice president
of the municipality of Paris presided at
the ceremonies and read a eulogy of Victor
Hugo by M. Dousset, the president of the
Municipal Council, who was absent on ac
count of the death of his father. A speech
was also made by the prefect of the Seine.
The house was handed over to the Clt>
of Paris and officially accepted by that
body. The concert was then resumed, a
number of pieces based on Victor Hugo's
works being heard, including the hymn
"Patrle" from *Las Chatlment" to a sim
ple but effective air composed by Bee
thoven. •'
The prettiest item in the exercises then
took place in the defiling past the statue
of Victor Hugo of 1200 school children,
~two by two, the little ones leading and the
elder pupils coming last. The boys and
girls marched past in alternating couples,
the boys carrying palm branches and the
girls bearing flowers, which they threw
at tho foot of the monument, soon form*
ing a mass of bloom and verdure, out of
the center of which rose the statue of the
poet.
night Illuminations End Festivities.
House Handed Over to the City.
PARIS. March 2.— The fete In commemo
ration of the centenary of Victor Hugo's
birth terminated to-day with the cere
mony of handing over to tho City of Paris
to serve as a museum the house In which
he lived in the Place des Vosses. The
weather was superb. ,
The exercises, which took place -within
the picturesque setting of the historic
Place des Vosges, with its quaint arcade
running beneath the red brick and stone
fronted houses on each of its. four sides,
were Very happily conceived and a vast
crowd gathered within the square to wit*
ness the proceedings. A plaster model ot
Victor Hugo, taken from the bas relief
"The Dream of the Poet" by the sculptor
Barreau, stood on a pedestal facing Vic
tor Hugo's house, situated in the corner
of the square. It represents the poet sit
ting on a rock, draped in antique fashion
and with a lyre at his feet. Overlooking
the monument and facing the house were
erected tribunes for the Senators, Depu
ties and other distinguished guests of the
municipality, whieii organized the fete and
defrayed the expenses, the municipal
council having voted an appropriation of
300,000 francs to carry out the centenary
festivities. •;<¦> ¦ . v.
Picturesque Scenes Attend the
Official Ceremony of
Presentation.
Pears That the Official Will
Be Put to Death by
the Nativea : '
the Police.
Capture Its Presidente
and a Majority of
of Victor Hugo.'
Authorities Formally Ac
cept the Old Home
LADRONES TAKE
TOWN OF CAINTA
MEMORIAL FETES
ENLIVEN PARIS
STORMS BUFFET
OCEAN STEAMERS
Alameda and Doric Ar
rive at Honolulu After
Bough Voyage.
Captains of Both Steamships
Report the Weather as
Unprecedented.
HONOLULU, .Feb. s 24.— The steamships
Alameda' and Doric, arriving ; yesterday
morning, were-both/a day late from 'Sail
Frauciaco, nnd cm.h encountered , fearful
storms en route, having even- worse ex
periences than the steamers of last week;:
also late from the coast. On the. 18th .tho
Alamerla's wheelhouse was smashed? by «
Uie seas and her steam- steering gear w.i.i
T>rokerf. Tho captains of both vessels-re
port, the weather 'as unprecedented, und
tho passengers 'were sriad to get Into, tho
smoother waters that prevail at this end
of the Journey. About the Islands a xhllu'
1 (southerly storm has kept up for many
days. •
The brigantlnes" Tanner arrived "on- the
19th, leaking and -with her crew much
worn out by the overwork of keeping the
pumps going, i She left Port Blakeley for--
Honolulu, and had to put Into San Fran
cisco In distress to repair her pumps.
Then. she started here and met the stoims
tha,t. have made trouble for other vessels.;
She '• was twenty-five days between here
and San Francisco. ¦¦-: . ¦<¦•¦•• ..- - •;¦
The steamer. iMargerita, bound for Ma- '
nlla: from Portland, put In here for Coal
after nineteen "days at sea. She ran
aground off the harbor, but got off with
out being damaged. .. . . ._/.,-. .¦
e^-H"i"i"i"i"i"i"i''!^'i"i"i"i"i"i"i-:"i-i'>#
MILLIONS Or DOLLARS ; DAMAGE
Continued Prom Page One;*
THE SA1ST FBANCISGO QALL, M«ONTJ^, jl , 3, 1902. :
2
' - •:• ¦'. EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARPt
THE TOWN IS •WILD OVER IT' ,_
The M««nlflcent Production of the GREAT
. .*.;.-. HIT OF. THE ,
BOSTON I ANS,
Sereriade!
SECURE SEATS IN ADVANCE. •.•
: . .- POPULAR. PRICES— 25c^«Jp and 73c.
''.'. ¦ ¦¦ Telephone Bush-Q. ;
THE TEN NElisONS; THE AUERS;
EVA MTJDGE; WOODS AND
MOSS; PBOBTN LADIES' QTJAB-
TET; BIXLY. .CUITOBD; NT7-
V- GENT AND FEBTIG; THE BIO-
GBAPfl; LAST WEEK OP THE
¦ V \MEERS'. .¦'..¦.'. : - . .'
.:ReserVed Seats. 25c: Balcony. 10c: Box Seats
and- Oi>era Chalra. 60c. ¦' ¦ . '
TO-NIGHT-^All : nhvil^
this week. I H C
Matinee. Sat'dy .. ., I Illi
and Sunday. JL' 1 1 JLj
-Elaborate pro-,: >. • = • . -
due tion 'of the . {¦ ..
successful . melo- T ' -A C^ 'H^
drama.; \--^ */; ; r I AVI
Full of exciting JufYkJ JL
•Incidents and ,-••..,«
noveV.^ects... . rpn A¥/ p
10c to 50c. Mat- /l-l ill I ill;
Inees, 10c. 15c. U JL IIVIIjW
•25c.,::, •;.',:,• :. ."
,.' , 'NextWeek— "OLIVER TWIST."
' ; '.• '• - •TO-NIGHT— ONE WEEK.
"• ¦ FIRST TIME- HERE. , ,._
- .-'' Anthony Hope's Great Romance,
HUpert of Hentzaw
... A Sequel to "The Prisoner of"Z«nda."
¦¦-" ¦..Complete Orlictnat Production.
¦ ' Splendid Cast — Handsome Costumes.
TWQ SPECIAL. MATINEES of
THE PRISONER OF ZSNDA
Will Be Given on Thursday and "Saturday
Afternoons.
NEXT — Hartley Campbell's Immortal Play,
"THE WHITE SLAVE."
SEATS THURSDAY.
WINTER CIRCUS!
WOODWARD'S PAVILION,
—Valencia and Fourteenth Sts.—
Entire Change of Bill.
A MASTODONIC AGGREGATION OP
SYNDICATED SHOWS. '
STARTLING ARENA FEATS. '
/ . GREAT DUNBAR TRIO.V.Vv-Oj
SUPERB " TROOP OF TRAINED ANIMALS/
ADMISSION 25 Cts. . CHILDREN 10 Ct*.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
/OO, 2)oses
ForM^
'' Economy ; in "medicine must be
measured' \ by ;: two things— cost
and. effect. It canndt be measured
by either alone.; ItT is greatest in
.that/medicine thatldoes the; most
for the money^-tliat radically and
permanently cures at thelCast ex-
pense' That; medicine is : -
Hapd'siSarsapantlq
Itpurifks and enriches the blood, cures
pimples, eczema.and all' eruptions.'' tired,
languid feelings, loss of appetite and
general. 4ebility., V ;- .- : T ! "-
•; ' HooiTs 'SarsaparlHa v promises to
cure and keeps the promise. - :~
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
¦ I , v% 9 n . one-jilde'-of 1 these magnincent
hotels is the wholesale and manu- '.
¦J facturers', district-on ; the other . ro- '
•tall store?,;, clubs. . railroad -and ,
¦ newspaper offices,, banks and thea- ,
• j ter^.^ Street' cars to all parts of the
. clty-r-depots, ¦ ferries and parks-
pass ; the entrance. : ., -•
•y^,; American asd: European plansl ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A WONDERFUL '¦ MEDICINE.-
For Bilious and Nervous Disorders, such as
•Wind acd Pain in the Stomach, Sick Head-
ache, Giddiness, Fulness and Swelling after
meals. Dizziness and Drowsiness. Cola Chills
Flushings of Heat. Loss of Appetite, Short-
ness of Breath, Costiveness, Blotches on the
Skin. Disturbed Sleep, Frightful Dreams,
and all Nervous and Trembhnsr Sensations,
TWENTY MINUTES- This is no fiction.
Every sufferer is earnestly invited to try one
Box of these Pills, and they will bo ack-
nowledged to be WITHOUT A RIVAL.
BEECIIAIU'S PILLS taken as direc-
ted, will quickly restore Females to complete
health. They promptly remove any obstruo*
tion or irregularity of the system. ? For a
Weak Stomach,
Impaired Digestion.
Disordered Liver,
they act like mapc— a few doses will work
wonders upon the Vital Organs; Strengthen-
ing the muscular System, restoring the long-
lost Complexion, bringing back . the keen
edge of - appetite, and arousing . with the
Bowbnd of Health the whole phy» .
• steal energy of the human frame. . These
are "facts" admitted by thousands, in all
daises of society, and one of the best guar-
antees to the Nervous and Debilitated is
that BEECHAKA'S PILLS have tho
Largest Sale of any Patent
Medicines in the World.
Beecham'e Pills have been before
trie public for half a century, and.
are the most popular family medicine.
Be~& 8 #r£uu *™ bU * hed » "
. RECOMMEND THEMSELVES.
Prepared only by Thomas Beecham. St.
York?'' *"* and 3<J5 < f antLl , bt >' ew
Sold everywhere In boxoa, 10c *pd SSc.
fltis signature ia on every box of the gennina
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tabieu
th * remedy that owes a cold In one tfaj.
W. R. Pond Is Berkeley's leadlngr
druggist. He is the local agent for th«
Fulton Compounds and la?t Thursday
made the following statement:
"Berkeley numbers among Its residents
thjs winter a young lady suffering from
Chronic Diabetes, who 'came out to escape j
the rigors of an Eastern -winter and with
the hope that our California climate
would prolong her life. The Incurability
of her disease was so firmly fixed In her
mind that when I first mentioned the> y
Fulton Compounds a.nd> told her that se- /.
rious claims-were now. made that ], both,;.
Brlght's" disease and Diabetes were cur-
able. It made. but little Impression. How-
ever, after considering the matter, aha
later concluded to try It. She has now
been on the Diabetic Compound for nearly
three months. Although druggists will
understand that both Brlght's Disease
and Diabetes are considered Incurable,
yet from the number and names of thosj
reported cured I expected favorable re-
ports, but must say- I was surprised at
the results. She- Is now practically well-
There Is also another Berkeley case of
Diabetes on it that Is also well on the
road to recovery." "These Compound
are doing wonders over here "
(Note— We copy the last line from Mr.
Pond's letter of last- week, it was not In-
tended for publication, neither was his
statement, but we are sure he will not ob-
ject, for these latter day CallfornU
miracles cannot b« told to the world too
quickly when thousands are dying' -of
Brighfs Disease and Diabetes,)
Medical works agree that-BrighVs Dis-
ease ar.d Diabetes are Incurable but <¦?
per cent are positively 'recovering under
the Fulton Compounds., (Common forma
of kidney. complaint and rheumatism from .
yric acid offer but short resistance.) Prico
'l' 0^. 1 !} 6 Br! fcht'*> Disease and $150for
the Diabetes Compound. Interior agent*
will be made as fast as ° possible. John
J. Fulton Co.. 420 Montgomery street. 8ai»
Francisco, sole compounders. Free testa
made for patients. Descriptive pamphlet*
mailed free." ¦;. +
.... -
BRIGHTS DISEASE ABD DIABETES ABE
. POSITIVELY CURABLE.
W. ft. POND
OFBEftKELEY
JOHU J. FTJLTON CO.
MATINEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENINO TIU3
- « . WEEK.
GEORGE OBER
One of America'* Foremost Comedian*.
In Chas. Hoy fs Greatest Comedy,
A Contented Woman.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 23c, 60c. 73c
) Good Orchestra Seat* All Matinees 23c.
Next Week— GEORGE OBER In "THE
HOUSE TIIAT JACK BUILT."
2 weeks, Tf>-NinHT!
First Time
In This City.
Augustus Thomas' Peerless American Play.
Arizona
"Beat' play seen on Broadway In a renera-
tlon."— N. Y; World.
Every Night < Including Sunday). Mat. Sat.
ITLi* H 1ATR bMp
Eelaaco &. Thall, Managrerti.
To-Night and~A?l Week!
rV. -A BIO SUCCESS EVERTWHERBI
AT THE
White Horse Tavern
A Bljr Production of a Clever Play.
Beautiful Alpine Scenery — Great Cast.
Oats on Sale O Days In Advance.
MATINEE SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
PRICES— 15c, 23c, 35c, 60c and 73c.
Next-^"A COAT OF MANY COLORS/'
GRAND CONCERT,
AILEEN McCABE,
THE..WQNDEKFTTC CHILD VIOLINIST.
AisUtetf by . Prominent Local Talent, Win
Make Her Debut at
SHERMAN & CLAY'S HALL,
TUESDAY EVENING,
March 4. at 8 C 'Clock.
Tickets on sals at Sherman. Clay A Co.'*
Music Store on and after March 3. .--•» ¦ ,v« ;
HB^ RACING
jjszr*' " '"^¦ ;fs *c»^ to C very Weak Day —
Cr Rain or Chin*.
NtW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUiS
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:13 p. in. sharp.
Ferry-boat leaves 8an Francisco at 12 m. anil
12 :30, 1. 1 :30. 2, 2 :30 and U p. m., connecting
with trains stoppln* at the entrance to th*
track. Last two cara on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your'
ferry tickets to Shell' Mound. All trains vlu,
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenu*
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also, all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourtecntn
and Broadway. Oakland. These electric can
«to .direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave tbs track , at 4:15
and 4:43 p. m. and immediately after the last
race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR., President.
CHARLES F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
FOR OVER SIXTY YEARS
AN OLD AND WtLL-TRlED REMEDY.
MRS. WINSL0W»3 SO3TH1NG SYHUP
lias been us»d for o\-er SIXTY YEARS bv
MILLIONS of MOTHERS for their CHILDREN*
WHILE TEETHING. WITH PERFECT SUC-
CESS. IT SOOTHES the CHILD. SOFTEXS
the GUMS. ALLAYS all PAIN; CURES WIND
COLIC, and is the best remedy for DIAR-
RHOEA. Sold by Drussists ia every part o'
the world. Be sure and ask for •
MBS. WINSLOW'S fcOOTHING STRUP
AXD TAKE NO OTHER KIND.
Twenty-Five Cents a Battle-
/--pN, UM, VIGOR, % ITAUIYlor MEN
J83r*x)k. MORMON BISHOPS PILLS
/*,i ; Lfc |g» have been In use over flfty
»SP£ "r35» years by the leaders of the
¦BCaBTfc yjyial Mormon Church ar.d their
rcCK/t^n^-Ml followers. Positively cure the
Mf vrV 7*V\'-," wrst cases la old and youcj;
fff«AOp59 arising from effects of self-
f*twfKfi» abuse, dissipation, excesses or
W,*i'» cisrarette-Emoking. Cure Lost
\? >f **-'*xy Manhood, Irr^otency, Lott
XBgXBT Power. Nlgrht Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. I'r.fitness to Mar-
ry. Loss cf tsernen, y~=" v VarlcoceleorCou-
et-ipatton. Stop Ner **J EJ vous Twitching or
Eyelids. Effects are Immediate. Im-
part vlcor and pote ** E ' 11 * ncy toeveryfun--
Uon. Don't eet despondent; a cure ic at hand.
Restore email, undeveloped onrans. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers: 60c a box; «$ tor
S2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded «rith 6 boxes. Circulars free
Adlrcss BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st
San Trancisco, Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., S3
and 40 Third street.
Jd visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
Museum of miimrt
\ Qf Tit Larrest Acatomicat Museum in the \
/} i>-_ « orlo. » ealcnes*>ei or any contracted m
•I ES£S« «s«.« po»ltl.,i yc ur«lbrtlytoidKt f
S& 1 bpeCii ' Ilt on ;bc Cfcast. Est. 36 years. (^
ifl§^£A CR. JORDAN-DISEASES Or HEN 0
f Rm| Consultation free and Etiirtly private \
J 9% fl I™ 113 " 311 pwonalljr or by letter. A A
Fit II V w 'it« fir !)™k. PlIELOiiUPItV of fl
1 if j} 1 * B1BBUGE, MAILED FKEE. (AY
A ii it' Tiluable book <or mm) \
" DS. JOBBAS A CX».. 1051 Market tit. . S. P. V
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECUUSrS FOS tALi.
Established 1£SL Con-
cultation and private boa*
tree at office or by ma.u
curc« s^iaranteed.
¦ 731 MARKET SL
£AN FRANCISCO. CJU»
DR.PIERCE5 I
MEDICAL
!5iSC©VEilY
FOR THE
BLOOD. tLIVER. LUNGS. I
»• _-*<3^^T>^^t st **' s 5* * non-polsonon«
Jt f*VgSmP"ag«»rj| J* m «iy CT tor Gonorrhoea-
«r'2f5« Sp^rniatorrhoca,
JBBW CUStS ygl Whitos. unnatural di»^
/%!^7 io 1 to 5 (Je^j. VI charges, or any inflamrnt-
tnSflS OciTictetd i* *" tion, irritatioii or nlcera-
P» q[ PreTci,t eo&mien. tica cf znucont mem-
VmL . _ _ ' r^jpl cr erat ia plain ¦wrapper,-
t^^ e3prai ! prepaid, for
T>^«iffijtpg^Ky i H C;jcdar 6cnt oa request.
gw ft DAT BT f*2 T <^ M
Gn R l\ B Ammunition and Sporting
BlHll 8 Goods. Largest Stock. Low
& K B&-1 *" Until clo»o ot
n fcRvIr W hu:; tlnic eeason • will offer
|| H V^ C"" 8 at reduced price*.
trend for c%talo^u«.
8REYE fcBaRBlR CO., .
, 739HartetSt ulSilgnraygt
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THIS
r^-at Mexican Remedy: rive* health' and •
ttrenfc~i to sexual organ*. Depot. S23 Market, i
Weekly Call, $1.00 par-Year J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPH OKE 1H V jTR *. .
222-224 S UTTER ST.
Step in this week and try a freshly
made Pancake made of the CAPI-
TOL MILLS SELF-BAISING
PANCAKE FLOUR—always ready
for use. Easily made. Packages 15c
or 25c.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-— TUESDAY—WEDNESDAY
TURQUOIS BLUE— with gold
lines— ENAMELWARE, German
make — none better 1 —
At 33!, Per Cent Redaction.
See our window display.
EGGS, Finest Table, 2 doz. 35c
Last week 25c dot. Every one guar-
anteed.
KONA COFFEE, Reg. 25c, Ib20c
From Hawaii. This coffee Is en-
joyed by many; ground and roasted
fresh dally.
HONEY, ;;%. pint jar 20c
Pure white strained. Reg. 25c.
WALNUTS, 2 lbs 25c
Best-rpaper shell. Reg. 15c ,',¦'.
MACKEREL, Re?. 25c, each I5c
Extra mess. Select white fish.
DRIED PEAC3ES, 1b 10c
Unpeeled. Reg. 15c. Al quality.
0 K WHISKY. 18 Years Old—
Absolute purity guaranteed.
Reg. $1 00 Lot. 73c— 3 bots. S2.OO
Reg. *4 00 S3.OO gallon
A good table wine. Reg. 50c.
CRANBERRIES, Cape Cod, quart. IOs
Reg. 15c. Small lot.
MINERAL WATER, "Victoria"—
Reg. doz. qts 52 23 82.00
Reg. doz. pts. U 65 S1.5O
From Oberlahnstetn. Germany, A
natural mineral water, unsurpassed
for table use. Sample bottle free.
RICE. 5 lbs 45c, 10 lbs 85c
"New Era." Reg. 10c. Finest Caro-
lina.
AMMONIA, bat 20c
"Greer's" Washing. Reg. 25c
AMMONIA, ' .Qttof25c
"Greer's' Toilet Reg. SOc. Rose,
lavender and violet.
MAPLE STOP, J^gaL tin 55c
Toboggan. Reg. 65c . -
PRUNES, W 2 lbs 25c
Cal.-French. Reg. 10c 1b.
HAMAMELIS, qt48c,pt25c,KptI5c
Extract of "Witch Hazel, for burns
scalds, bruises, etc. . ,
BEUSH D00B MATS.
IS inches wide, CO Inches long,
Reg. $1 15 81.OO
20 Inches wide, 33 inches long;
Reg. $1 40 *1.125
22 inches wide, SS inches ' long, •
Reg. $1 65 S1.40
CIGAES— fresh importation of
"LA HUBIEL"_jt 1 st arrived.
; ADVEBTISEMENTS. . \
-. I '. regard ¦ my COLD | CURB as more
valuable than a life Insurance policy.
It not only cures colds In the head,
colds In the lungs, colds In the bones,
" but It wards off > danRerous 'diseases
; such as ! grippe, diphtheria, pneumo-
nia, and consumption.— flUNYON. '¦
j •Munyon's Rhrumattam Cure seldom fail* to reliave
' la one to three hours, and cures in a few days. * i
|- Mtnyon's. Dyspepsia .Cure positively cures all
, Corrris, 0/ indigestion and. stomach trouble. ' . : ,
I Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs, night sweats,
1 kUay» soreness and speedily heals the lungs. . . '>
' " Munyon's Kidney Cure quickly' curies pains in the
' back, loins or groins, and all.formsof kidney disease,'
- Munyon's Vital izerrestore^ lost powers to weak men.
¦ , All the cure* are «5 cents, at any drug store." •
Munyon's Gnlde to Health should be in the
1 hands of every mother.', ij It will help then to knew -
the symptoms. of every disease ana tell them the
proper treatment. - ' Sent free to any address. ¦ . :
¦ Munyoa,' New York, and Philadelphia; . ! ' ,* . ? ' -
rMUSIOJfSI^lAtEBCiniE^ CAtlBBH. j •
This oignatur© la on every box of tie gonuln*
r Laxative Efrpmo-QuiiiineTabiettv .
th* remedy thatt enres a cold la«ne Oay.
V>^' ; J:^^ AMtrSEMENTSL :: '::. I : - ' * ,
/I/I BTROPOLITAN HAL I
AT*. - Fifth 'street, near Market. \> . 1-A
teNIGHT'S^THE NIGHT^I
;. •¦;• ¦ ¦•..; ¦¦ . 'a.t..'8.;is. : ,:. :•,.¦• ./,,; : ; / ;
. : :-^:?^'~ J ~" > .r' -* ft .?r European Triumphs. .
Assisted ,by. Those Distinguished Artists. ¦/
PABLO CASALS— LKON MOREAU— DAN'L j
¦',',, MAQUAR-RE.- '.'.•• ; •*.':., t
IN j THE MOST ATTRACTIVB i MUSICAL
v PBOGftAMME »r THE YEAll. , . • ... |
1 " "Seats on- sale at Shermari,'Clay'&C6.'s.' ; *
PRICES. .^.V. . ..'. . •"'. '-. ; ¦'. ..,,....'. . .$l.-f2-and'$q
U v '¦ ';J;',S.;hirSH. Manager. '. . .". ;
iFis^hers; Theatre [
:'¦• '• d'^afrell et.; bet. Stockton and Powell. ¦ ¦
':.-• ¦';.•, '.'.A. 1 ;;.- -Phone, Maln831.'',i' V.-. /-• , >'
SJfcONb' • ~- 1 THE ' ¦' ''i
WEEKT": .''> ; ',^P OELICHTFUL
OF V:?.' ; : '., .•¦ ?:jl COM-EOY^-vT
THE FRENCH MAID.
AN. EMPHATIC SUCCESS.
TO-NIGHT— *NEW, DANCES. NEW MUSIC,.
. .- 1. ¦,-..'. NEW; SPECIALTIES. . .
Reserved Seats.- 25c and DOc.'
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
25 «enta to any part of the ' theater. ' '.
Children, 15 cents. ;.,.. , ' •. •'
.Next Production— ''LITTLE CHRISTOPHER."
'An excruciatingly, funny- burlesque.
¦CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
THE GREAT miE WHIRL!
Kelly 1 and Violette; Winchermim's
Bears; The Nambas; The Esmonds;,
All Star Acts Direct From the
Orpheum.
NEW MOVING" PICTUEES.
/THURSDAY NIGHT—
. —THE AMATEURS
AND A FAT LADIES' POTATO RACE. /
Telephone for Seats— Park 23." ..
AMUSEMENTS.
l^'Emil Sauer Afternooj^* 1
f! MRS. J. B. BIRMINGHAM Contralto, [
II > ACCOMPANIED BY THE' PIANOLA AT " : "7 r l -T" " ¦
1 ' "* METROPOLITAN HALL. j
U • MATINEE WEDNESDAY, MARCH 5. at ar.io.
Ij .. CempHme"ti.rytlcWet«n>'w^«dyMt KOH' E«> & CH4*F»^ MU*IC I
t| HOU' R, 98 O'PnrreH 6treet» w^er* "ei»t« w»I he rcwei-vccl ftr«t'«. 1 1
B In order to secure Rood scat? all interested in this wonderful !
Ij ' little device should secure them early. The Pianola is used and |
B indorsed. by v Sauer himself, who says: IJ
¦ ' "Th* Punoh gysms mon pUasurt than thousands ofso~ealUd trteU of I
B All selections will\be taken from the favorite concert oieces |j
jL^pf Emile Sauer. 1 the greatest Jibing pianist. __J
AUnJSEHLZWES.; n SpeedlIy relieves pain .and : soreness. ." Keep It
handy for burns, bruises., bites,' earache,' cold In
head, catarrh and all irritations of the skin. If
'cures piles. Price, 25c and 60c, at druggists or
by mail, tjalva-cea, 274 Canal Bt., K. X.
For. Sprains TJse Salva-cea.
OAKLAND. March 2.— The storm of
Saturday* night did much damage to the
Southern Pacific Company, but that to
the wires -was more extensive than the
damage to the tracks. Even the railroad
lid not have a wire to Sacramento/ until 5
o'clock this evenmg. With wires down
and washouts on, nearly every line that
/ ¦ ¦ ' '
Wires and -Rails Are Injured ", by,
Wind and Water.
DAMAGE TO BAILROAD.
The river ' steamer City of Stockton rah
ashore at Point Pinole on Saturday even
ingand remained'in the rnud,aHInight
¦ .The river steamer Onisbo went ashore
during Saturday's storm at the mouth of
the San. Joaouin River..; ¦¦:¦:
River Boats in Trouble.
SAN RAFAEL, March 2.— Marin. County
was visited by a severe wind and rain
storm last night and great damage re
sulted. The wind blew at a high rate
early in the evening, and before nightfall
increased in velocity.' Trees were uproot
ed and fences suffered greatly. The Jor
dan Hotel, situated on a high hill, was
damaged by a portion of the roof being
blown off. For some time pandemonium
-reigned among the guests. Tho Domini
can Convent also suffered from the wind
A large tree was uprooted and' blown
through the kitchen. Several persons nar
rowly escaped bodily" harm.
At Tiburon and Sausallto along the
water fronts the small craft suffered, but,
owing to the continued storm Ior the
past few days, very few boats were not
tafely tied up. ; ggf<&j|
the Entire County.
Much Damage Done to Property in
LIVELY TIME IN MARIN.
The Southern Pacific officials realize
that the escape from death and destruc
tion of passengers; and* ferry-boat is due
to the towboatman that dared, .and it- is
said that official recognition -wUT be taken
of Captain Ike Smith's braverv.
Eow Iko Smith Saved the Berkeley.
That the ferjp'-boat; Berkeley was. not
destroyed on. Saturday night with a fear
ful loss of life is due to Captain Ike Smith
of the tug Sea Queen. The Sea Queen
was the first boat to reach the imperiled
ferry-boat. There was but twelve feet
of water where the Berkeley was lying,
Jammed, against the wharf, and the sea
was breaking fiercely. The Sea Queen
went too close at first and narrowly es
caped being wrecked. ! Smith managed to
clear the breakers, however, and before
making another attempt to get a line un
the Berkeley got his own anchor ready
for use. His first attempt with the an
chor was a failure. The second . time,
however, he went further to windward,
let go his anchor, and by : paying out
chain dropped down on the ferry-boat un
til near enough to throw a heaving lini\
Passengers and crew seized .this line and
soon had the Sea Queen's- hawser aboard
the Berkeley and made fast. To get this
line aboard Smith virtually had to take
his boat right into the breakers. .He risk
ed his vessel, his life and the lives of all
his men. • ' ' "- ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦
Jacent country. "It is feared that the
deluge will reach as far as- the Hull place
and Abbott orchard. V ':
A portion of the KnightsfLanding rail
road, from Wilson's spur tor Marcuse^ — one
and one-half miles— is afloat. The.com
pany has a large crew of men at Chandler
station placing sacks of earth on the em
bankment to prevent the waters from
washing away the track. All trains s£
this road are running by way of Wheat
land and Sacramento, and as a result
trains are not running on schedule time.
Rain is falling again to-day.
- The first wire that was got working was
by way of Livermore and - Tracy and
Stockton.* A force of dispatchers was
sent to Tracy to handle the trains comings
up the valley. The block.system between
Oakland and Port Costa was got in work
ing order during the afternoon, and that
helped the handling of the trains.
damage occurred was where the wind
couid pile the water from the river up
against the railroad track.
The. country between Benicia and Davis
ville is under water, the strong south wind
piling the water from the river, into the
low lands, but the railroad, track Is be
lieved to^>e intact. There has been no
trouble on theMLiivermore line, and tho
line by way of Martinez -is in good shape
.In the . San Joaquin Valley - there is- no
trouble either with- tracks or. wires
The worst damage seems to have been
along the bay shore between Oakland and
"Port Costa, where the wires were open to
the full sweep of .the wind.' There were
IIS ¦ telegraph poles broken off between
Oakland and Port. Costa. Many of these
-were snapped off and some were torn out
of * the ground. The other /point where
The Sacramento local train that con
nects with the Oregon/ train at Da
visville last night nearly ran into
this washout.. The train worked' back
to Davisville, and finally a train was
sent around • from Sacramento and both
met at the washout, the passengers being
transferred around. The -regular train
then returned to Davisville, where it was
laid up. This washout caused all of the
overland trains from Oregon and the East
to be sent around by way of Stockton
and Martinez. It was thought safer to
bring them by way of Martinez than over
the Altamont.hill. There was a bafl slide
at. Vallejo Junction last night, but the
railroad officials put on a; gang of - forty
men and -cleared that up in a hurry so
that the overlands could get into Oak
land. . '
Next to this the most-disastrous wash
out is on the old California. Pacific, near
Swingles switch, about half-way between
Davis and Sacramento. This country is
badly flooded, and the heavy wind trom
the south last night drove the water from
the Sacramento River up over the country
and washed out the roadway badly.
The coast division was tied up as a
through line by ai washout somewhere
north of Santa Barbara. As the wires
have been down all day the exact location
is not known to the general railroad of
ficials. It. was found necessary to divert
all through trains from this line to the oid
San Joaquin Valley line, and then into
Oakland over the western division. They
all arrived to-day, but some of them quite
late. * The Owl came through but a half
hour late. ' - - .v v .
the Southern Pacific owns, the operating
department managed, however, to get all
overland . trains through, even though
some of them came in a little late. Owt'ng
to the lack of wires it has been difficult
to discover the exact location of the va
rious washouts. -. - ;
Continued From Page One.
have usurped all authority. 'In ''driving
back the Chinese they captured a number
of guard iboats arid two Chinese gun
boats on the East River,, near Canton..
The suburbs of Canton are being pil
lttrtd daily. The richest districts of
Hainan Island have also revolted and de
cline to pay the war indemnity or other
taxes. • • : j
The Chinese admiral in command of
the Tungkuti has 2S0O men who were de
feated and driven back by the rebels of
tbe. Heung-shan district, where they
t
away many troons. The Viceroy of Can
ton was applied to last month for assist
ance in quelling a rebellion in Kwang-si.
He had already sent 700 soldiers against
thu rebels without result.
Electric "Wire Ends His Life.
RENO. TCev.. March 2.— Frank J. Wells,
a laborer, was killed here last night by
coining in contact with a live electric liyht
wire. Two thousand volts passed through
hi6 body. The fatality occurred at mid
night and the victim was discovered this
afternoon. The severe etorm of last night
dislocated the -wires and allowed one to
drag to about five feet above the ground.
This caught Wells on the neck. He lay
for seven hours with the charged wire
acroEs his neck and his head was nearly
burned from the body.
Sells for Hundred Thousand.
PHOENTX, March 2.— Ben O. Hatneld
h&s sold hie Interest in tbe Oro Grande
mine, at TV'ickenburg, to lii* partners,
Gecrge E^ Lamb, Frank "W. Ellis and
G. B. Upton, Jor 1100,000. He had a sixth
Interest ln th* mine. On recent meas
urements of the ore body it was esti
mated that there are several million dol
lars in sight .
UNITED STATES MINISTER IN PEKING AND /THE HEAD OF THE
\ CHINESE FOREIGN OFFICE, WHOM HE HAS WARNED THAT THE
REBELLION IN QUANGREE PROVINCE MUST BE SUPPRESSED.
TRAIN HAS* COLLISION WITH A CAR
TACOMA. March 2.— The rebellion
which has broken -out in Southern
China is due mainly to .two causes.
According to Canton and Hong
kong news brought by the steamer
Shlnano Maru the poverty-stricken lower
classes of Kwang-si and Shansl believe
that the foreigners are responsible for
the additional heavy taxes which the
Chinese officials are wringing from them
to pay- off the- war indemnity x and the
claims filed by the various missionary so
cieties for damaged wrought during the
Boxer outbreak. ' ¦
; The natives, therefore, believe that the
foreigners are wholly responsible for
their troubles and are preparing to vent
Iheir spite on the missionaries and the
native converts, whom they consider to
be leagued with the "foreign devils."
Only last month the Taotai Shen of
Shansl wrote to the missionary headquar
ters at Shanghai that his people were
very poor and hardly able to pay the war
Indemnity taxes, and at this time would
scarcely stand any additional demands
for Boxer claims. This was written after
he had given a warm welcome to the Rev.
and Mrs. Woodberry, sent from Shanghai,
to Tal Yuanfu In' Shansi to negotiate a
settlement of the missionary claims.
In Kwang-si and Qwang-tung the ban
filts and dissatisfied former soldiers have
banded together to drive but Ihe foreign
ers and overthrow the established rule.
Their xr.aln object is pillage. • . '
Robbery Is so rife about Canton that the
authorities of that city dare not send
SANTA FE. N..Mex.. March 2.— Science
Is matched against the medicine man and
the tom-tom against anti-toxine In a fight
to wipe out the epidemic of. diphtheria
which Is raging among th« Pueblo Indians
in Taos County, especially in the pre
cincts of Questa and CoBtilla. Dr. T. P.
Martin of Taos arrived In this city yester
day to consult with Superintendent C. B.
Crandall of the Government Indian school
to secure his aid in overcoming the preju
dices of the Indians against proper treat
ment. Crandall promptly issued an order
that every inhabitant of tbe Pueblos must
at once be inoculated against the disease
and Dr. Martin went back to-day to put
it in force. He had used anti-toxine with
great effect In 400 cases, sometimes driv
ing away the medicine men who howled
at the doors of dying Indians and snatch
ing some of the sick from the grave.,
Many- Indians, however, are superstitious
iend fear the white man's medicine. Forty
r.ave died of diphtheria and all the schools
and public missions in Taos County have j
been closed.
fuse to Take Medicine From
the Physicians.
Sufferers Are Superstitious and Rs-
r.FIDEHIC OF DIPHTHERIA
IS RAGING AH0NG INDIANS
Another large shipment of Clocks, Can
delabra and Candlesticks in our superior
"3. B." Ormolu Gold Plate finish. The.sa
are things that are useful, ornamental.
lasting and inexpensive, and we would be
glad to have" you see them. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
They Are Just In.
Tiansport Grant Has Bough Trip.
HONOLULU. H. T., Feb. 24.— The trans
port Grant arrived here on the 17th 'after
a very rough trip from San Francisco,
bad -neather delaying her over al day. She
left on the 19th, continuing her journey
to. Manila. While she was in port here
the seven-year-old son of Lieutenant Col
onei Charles H. 'Noble, commander of tho
troops on board, '.died from congestion of
the brain, with which' the boy. had suf
fered since leaving. San Francisco.
SHANGHAI, March 2.— There is a prob
ability that Sir Liang Chon Tung will suc
ceed Wu- Ting- Fang as the Chinese Min
ister/ at I Washington. Sir Liang Chon
Tung is now first secretary of the Chinese
Embassy and is to attend the coronation
of King Edward. •
Sir Liang Chon Tung Mentioned for
the Washington Post. /
MAY BE NEW MINISTER.
-- \ .
land'3 policy is making Tories of us, then I
think we are there at last, or at leaat the
ffovernment at Washington has got there.
England can squint anr) shaking its thumb at
us, say "your work In the PhiliDpines is as bad
as ours In the Transvaal." Why have we pot
such a Government? There 13 the rub. Why
do you pass resolutions such as you have to
night, and on other occasions and r<> out and
vote for those who are stifling liberty in
Washington. We are losing our iove for our
Institutions, and if we continue this we will
go the way of the other republics, j
. CONSTANTINOPLE, March 2.-The re
ported arrival here of Miss Ellen M.
Stone, the American missionary recently
released by the brigands. 13 untrue. Miss
Stone i3 still at Salonika.
Miss Stone Is III at Salonika.
PARIS. March 2.— The injuries sustained
by M. Waldeck-Rousseau. whose carriaga
was overturned yesterday fn a collision
with a streetcar, are not serious.
\78ldeck-3ousseau's Injuries Slight
,*age in June.
CHICAGO,* March 2.— The Chicago
Shriners— rope, camels, manna and all—
will form a caravan to cross the desert to
San * rancisco, where the Imperial council
meets in June. -
Noble Goldman of Islam Temple is in
charge, and Is telling the local Shriners
what the coast Arabs will do to them
after they cross the Sierras. He says
Colonel Charles H. Murphy, potentate of
Islam Temple, has issued attachments on
everything visible so as. to be able to take
care of the visitors in true Moslem style.
When Colonel Murphy Is not a Shrlner
he is a school teacher of great dignity.
Arrangements Are j Already Being:
Made for the Western Pilgrim- '•¦;
SHRINERS OF CHICAGO
WILL COME WESTWARD
PARIS. March 2.— Following: an excited
meeting of the unemployed held this
morning at the Labor Exchange, the agi
tatcr3 attempted to hold an outdoor meet
ins: in the. Place de la Republique. A fight
with the polic/ ensued, in which eleven,
policemen were severely injured and a
score more sustained bruises. A number
of the rioters were injured and twenty
were placed under arrest.
Bioters Attack Parisian Police.
Receiving Messages.
ATLANTA. Ga... March 2.— The Ameri
can Telegraphers' tournament concluded :
its contests at 5 o'clock this morning. The J
Andrew Carnegie diamond medal for the
best all arouna telegrapher was won by
t\ M. McCUntic of tne Associated Preso,
Dallas, Tex- C. \V. White of Richmond,
Va., was second, and h\ G. Joimson or
Louisville, K.y., tnlrd. Tbe conditions gov
erning this event ceiled ior a ten minute
test of. receiving, and the copy turned out i
determined the eligibility ior the Bending j
class. McCUntic sent 617 words in ten j
minutes, establishing a record. W hite sent '•
£03 woras and Johnson Ou. The quality {
of the Morse as well as the epeed was !
considered by the Judges in tne events.
The other contests resulted as follows:
Phillips code class, sending five minutes:
Won by F. M. McClintic, Dallas, Tex.. 328 :
words; second. F. G. Ma thews, Associated ;
Press. Atlanta, Ga., 300 words; third, W. C. i
Murrey. Associated Press. Atlanta, Ga.. 280
u. ores- f i
Siraigrht Morse sending, to the fastest and !
most perfect sender for five minutes, forma- !
tion of letters and spacing of words being con- '
ditlons of Judgment: First prize, V. E. '
Bruckner, Daiia». Tex.; F. M. McClintic. As- j
toclatf-d Press, Dallas, second. i
Third event, cpeoi&l. The Atlanta Journal j
told medal for the cleanest press copy on a
typewriter of five minutes' receiving by the I
ttilUfcs code: ttTO vrue, r. 51. i»IcCUnuc,
Dalias, Tex. ; W. C. Hurray, Atlanta, Ga.,
second; F. G. Mathews, Atlanta, Ga.. third.
Fourth event, special. The Atlanta Consti
tution gold medal for the most rapid straight
Morse tending: of prees dispatches: F. M. Mc-
Clintic won. transmitting- 2E2 words.
Mesesce contest, to the fastest Bender of
m*Mieage8 for flve minutes: F. E. Bruckner.
Dallas, Tex., won. v.-ith nine messages of ten
words each; F. G. Johnson, Louisville,. Ky.,
tecond.
Message receiving on typewriter: H.' V. |
Emanuel, Philadelphia, won. with fifty and
<.ne-half messages in thirty minutes, breaking
ih<? world's -record; F. B. Bruckner. Dallas,
Tex., second: sent by Charles W. White of
Elchmond, Va.
Consolation prize, Columbia. Phonograph,
by J. I, IiUUexd cf Memphis. Tena., »end
tr«r 208 -words etralpfct Morse in five min
utes
a New Record in Sending and
f. M. McClintic of Dallas Establishes
TEXAN TELEGRAPHEB. WINS,-
CAjaNEGIE DIAMOND MEDAL
\ Captain Pilsbury testified that on Janu
ary 22 he saw Marshall enter a room oc
cupied by the stewardess. Josephine Jor
gensen. He entered and attempted to
drag Marshall out. Marshall had been
drinking and made a struggle. This awak
ened Stewardess Jorgensen, whose screams
brought the watchman. Marshall was
then placed in his room, while Captain
Pilsbury returned to see if Miss Jorgen
sen was all right. He found her hysteri
cal and took her to cabin No. 3. where he
sat down with her until she became calm.
He remained about twenty minutes.
Th» captain was startled by Marshall
coming along shouting, "Captain Pils
bury.-I am going to kill you." Marshall
then raised a rifle which he held ar.d
fired. The bullet cut the left shoulder of
Pllsbury's coat Pilsbury closed with
Marshall, who struck the captain on the
forehead with the barrel of the rifle.
Both rolled on the floor. Night Watchman
McDermott then came to Pllsbury's as
sistance. :
Magistrate Hazeland bound Marshall
over for trial before the Supreme Court
in April, on the return of the Peru from
San Francisco to Hongkong. Marshall
was sent to jail, being Jield without bail.
TACOMA. March 2.— Oriental advice*
give details of a hearing at Hongkong
where Albert Marshall, chief steward of
the steamship Peru, was charged with at
tempting the murder Captain Pilsbury of
the Peru.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Dr. Schafer. the attending physician, ii
of the opinion that the injured I woman
may recover, provided complications do
not tet in. Mre. Hicks is an oia resident
of this city and has grown children and
grandchildren. ¦' ,;
Airs. Hicks, seeing the actions of her
daughter, and, fearing that some acci
aeut would result, tOid the child to re
turn the weapon to the house. At this,
ii is said, Moilie Hicks playfully pointed
tbe sun at her mother and pulled the
trigger. Unexpectedly, an explosion fol
lowed and Mrs. Hicks feu to the ground,
bifcealng from the mouth and nose. The
Ehot ca,d torn its way through the lips
and cheek and lodged 4n the tongue aud
back of the throat.
From the information given by those
, R-ha were near at the time of the acci-
IfPt. Mollie Hicks had taken an old ehot
(un from the house and was walking
ibout the yard snapping the trigger from
time to, time. It was not known that the
Cun was loaded, it not having been used
tor many montns.
BAKERSFIELD. March 2.— Mrs. Hicks,
t widow, and a sister of Deputy Sheriff
Crawford, was accidentally shot this aft
trnoon by her 16-year-old daughter, Mol
ie, at her residence in the Lowell addi
tion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SA-» DIEGO, March 2.— In the hands of
a" local taxidermist,- being prepared for
mounting, is the ekin of a thirty-two
pound wildcat, which' was killed after a
hard battle vat the mountain ranch of
Clarence hotfe-and William Cole, in Deer
ParK, on tne Cuyamaca Mountains.
Kowe had at the ranch a favorite . bull
terrier, which he valued highly. The dog
s.ept in a woodshed back of, the ranch
house, and. at. the rear of the shed there
was an open window, or rather a place
where it had been intended to put a win
dow. L>ast week the two men were awak
ened by the noise of a struggle in. the
woodshed and Rowe 'found tnat. an. im
mense wildcat had crept through the win
dow and pounced on the dog. : . '
When Kowe opened the door of the
shed the cat left the dog and attacked
him, and when Cole appeared on the
scene he In turn became- the special'ob
ject of the feline's wrath . until ' Rowe
could bring a lamp. The cat ran from tho
light;-. and, making her way into the
kitchen, hid behind the stove. The dog
was called in and made a game attack
on the wild beast, the two rolling out of
the kitchen door in the struggle. Rowe
grabbed his gun, but in attempting to
hdp his dog out of a predicament he shot
both dog and cat with the same bullet.
The taxidermist is to mount both ani
mals ns^Lhey appeared\ in the fight as
it has • been, pictured to him by the two
men, one of whom knows he was in the
fight himself by the marks of tooth and
claw on his leg. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Have Been Loaded Is
Discharged. •
Weapon Supposed Not to
One Bullet Ends the Lives of
Two Struggling
Animals.
ard Goes to Jail After
a Court Hearing in
Hongkong.
Assails the Administration.
' Suddenly turning from this . subject, he
said in strenuous tones: , .
If being a, flunkey and aping nobility and
establishing a system that is akin » to Eng-
For eight long centuries the Irish have been
trampled on and murdered by the English, and
It may not be amiss to here state that bicker
ings and petty squabbles among Ireland's own
sons have been responsible for her condition
to-day. They make grand soldiers for her
away from home^ but fail to. show their quali
ties in their .own behalf.
v The Senator then launched into an at
tack upon England for trampling on the
Irish people. Said he:
I was afraid I'd have to postpone my visit
because of an incident you all probably re
cently read about, that occurred to me in
"Washington, but one of your committee came
to Washington, and, with Jiis 'Irish eloquence,
made me promise to be on hand "unless I was
In jail. Now here I am, so take a good look
at me, ' for I am groing to talk plainly.
"Well," came a voice from the audience,
"if you are not an orator, you are a
good fighter."
I am no orator, and If I have any claim to
it. it is because I speak the truth and fight
the devil with fire.
' Senator Tiilman to-night delivered the
oration at the Clan-na-Gael exercises m
observance of the 124th anniversary of the
birth of Robert Emmet. Tiilman was re
ceived with 'great applause. He said:
"In this connection," added the Sena
tor, "I may say thafc^there has been a
mistaken impression that I received an
Intimation in a delicate and courteous
way from the President that It would be
best for me to decline his invitation to
dine with Prince Henry. This is untrue.
I did not know that the President con
templated such a thing until I read it in
a morning newspaper at breakfast. At 11
o'clock- on the morning of publication
Senator Cockrell called upon me and sug
gested thatHhe President expected me to
send my regrets."
His Rebuff From Roosevelt.
"Had I wished -to warn the President,"
sa{& the Senator, "I should certainly have
done so before I left Washington. I did
not call on Senator Platt and I do not In
tend to do so. Although I am persona non
grata with • the President, -I should cer
tainly have warned him of such a state of
affairs had I known of it. . I do not believe
that there would be any violence to 7 the
President in South Carolina. The feeling
there is intense, but the people of South
Carolina are not savages. I cannot, how
ever, undertake to speak for the entire
people. If I .were to say that they would
insult the President. I might Inspire some
besotted fool to do. It.
NEW YORK, March 2.— Senator Benja
min R. TiUman of South Carolina, who
arrived in this city this afternoon,: said
that he thought his treatment* at the
hands of the President had been brutal.
He also took occasion to deny the report
that he had had a talk- -with Senator Piatt,
in which he urgea the senior Senator froin
New York to warn the President thai his
life, would be in peril if he went toVthe
Palmetto State. A morning newspaper
published the story. Senator Platt before
the arrival of the South Carolina states
man denied that he had seen Mr. Tiilman.
He also aenled that any delegation of
South Carolinians had called upon him for
the purpose of intimating that the Presi
dent had better keep away from their
State. Senator Tiilman on his arrival
went to the home oi Daniel F. Cohalan.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
York Speech.
ministration in a New
Bitterly 'Denounces the Ad-
~ • -XT J
Occident Occurs in Yard
of a Bakersfleld
Residence.
Master of the Peru Teils
of an Escape From
. Death.
Says President's Treat
ment of Him Was
'<{' Brutal.
Two Men, a Dog and a
Cornered Feline in
Battle.
PLAYFUL CHILD
SHOOTS MOTHER
Objection to the Imposition of Heavy Taxes" and an Increasing
Hatred of Foreigners Are the Chief Reasons for the Latest
Outbreak Among the Celestials of the Lower Classes
RANCHERS FIGHT
WITH WILDCAT
TILLMAN RAILS
AT ROOSEVELT
FIRES BULLET
AT A CAPTAIN
REBELLIOUS CHINESE WILL NOT
CONSENT TO A WAR INDEMNITY
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY, MARCH; 3, 19O2.\
3
Our read v- There are
made, -"union- ¦ 54J>oys'
made suits suits left for
We' have been devoting considerable The above tells the story of our
time and-- study in order to bring a suit three-hour three-day sale. When we
for $9.00 that would please every man started the sale Friday morning we had
who appreciates making his dollars go as Il88 sui t s , which we were to offer at
far as possible. g^each on Friday, Saturday and Mon-
We find- that we have succeeded. day morning) between the hours of;8-
Our success; is due to the fact^ that all , . We th ht 1hu ths
our experiments have been made in our . • .
vewn factory, under our personal super-; ninety-nine dozen suits would be en-
v j s j on# ./' . ¦ ' '•' ' . tirely sufficient for the three days' sale, ,
/" We have selected an all-wool mate- inasmuch as the weather was so ia-
rial and secured it in enough patterns to clement. We were mistaken— on Sat-
' please everybody's tas y e. urday at 1 1 o'clock we had just $4 suits
We employ unjon labor in the making left - These will be offered this morn-
of the garments,'; and, as you no ;doubt ing between the hours of 8 and 1 1.
union labor is the most skillful in ' ¦ . ' . .
Ihe wcrld. The suits bear the mron . Ths slzes left ln th? sallor suits are
label. ,. ¦''; ¦- : 3, 4, 5. 9 and 10 years and Jn the vestee
They come in single and double- ; suits a^3 and 4 only.
; reasted "sick suits, in all sizes. suits-are neat nobby little affairs
•Our guarantee goes with each suit: ? . n d are worth much more th in the sa^e
Money returned on any suit th^t is not . . as vou WO utd readily suppose. -
satisfactory; all necessary repairing done / . . "
¦ ree of charge for a year; alterations and Remember " there are but suits in
exchanges readily made after purchase, all— the th person gets disappointed..
- The price is - . The sale price "is
A v ; glance at our , " 'K A . w ¦ ¦¦ ¦ _ _ _ » Out^of^own orders
windows wi!3 a'ways^I^^^^k I / m m^\ & M 1^^< piled— write us for
prove interesting, «/~^ */^|| * jflfw \ F « I V V&\ if H 'S« an y th ' n^ in msn's
"clothes, hats or fur- "¦¦}¦;•' ¦''•¦".- . ." * w • furnishings or*
nishings. 718 Market Street hats *
ADVESTIEEBtENTS.
— —
with fresh milk is
a COMPLETE food.
Cur heck, " Merlin's Food Babies 11
tent free. .
Me'Hn's Food Co.. Boston. Mmi>
Jl1% ilk El$
.ttADWAVS READY RELIEF haa atoixi
unrivaled before tbe public for tit yrars as a
Tain Remedy. It lxctautly relieves and qulcklv
all Colit, Bore Throats, Influenza, Bron
*i't:tl». Pneumonia. Rheumatism, Neuralgia
I^':etf«jche, Toothache and all jvk'.n. Interna.ll>-
for iUiarU «&4 tU Bawrl P&lnc AU druffliu.
•¦ HOTEL. DEL. CORON ADO. choicest Winter
Resort in the world, offers best, living, climate.
boating, bathing, fishing and . most, amuse
meets. E. S..Babcock. manager, Corona'lo, Cat.
-.'-¦¦ . ; • '• .-¦' ¦'.-•:»&-*•:',
The Best fountain Pens
we are selling agents for the "TY*at»r
man | Ideal Fountain Pens." $2.50 to $;0
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall^
the best $1.00 fountain pen In the worlj*P»
SanbornvVail & Co.. 7il Market street. >^
A Kansas prophet declares the dead will 'rise in
1915, so ; those Pennsylvania, fellows who ; have , been
voting for 'Andrew! Jackson right along may. get an
Russia seems quite willing to have an open door in
Manchuria, but she wishes to have it understood that
she is' to go , through first and those may follow who
choose.
• The word "mile" comes from the Latin
"mille,".' a thousand. • A thousand ' paces
of a marching soldier made „ the Roman
mile. ¦ ., :.-'• !.:•.- : •.•.' ¦>; *; . ,:
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by thj
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Quality makes price. Were Burne.tt'8 Vanilla'
Extract no better than other extracts its price
would be the game. Once tried always used.
At the latesk'count ; there were something more
than 1 1,000 bills before Congress., but it is safe to say
most of them are not , worth . the ¦ trouble taken in
counting them; ¦ — y x y^, • • & / i
Insurance against smallpox has become so much
in vegue in Great Britain that it is said to have
reached a volume of $200,000 a day in London alone,
and it would seem the insurance men are making a
big profit out of the scare. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 5:c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frlend3.
639 Market St.. Palace Hotel building. •
.'LETTERS IN TRANSIT-A. C. T City
Probably the Jaw In regard to depositing
mail matter that has. been stamped that
you inquire about is the following from
the United States Revised Statutes*
"Every route agent, postal clerk or other
carrier shall receive any mall matter pre
sented to: 'him if "property prepaid by
stamps and deliver the same for mailing
at the next , postofflco at which he shall
arrive, but no fees shall be allowed him
Hheref or.". There i3 no Federal law that
says that it is a misdemeanor for a
person having a letter properly stamped
to neglect to. drop if in the first mail
box reached.* . • .. ¦¦-
Notice— Best eyeglasses, specs. 13c to 60c.
Look out SI 4th (front barber & grocer). •
Cal. glace' fruit 50c per lb at Townsend-s.»
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend 1 *.*
PL.ATINUM-G. M..City. If you will go
to the library of the State Mining Bu
reau in the Ferry building in this citjr
you will find books that will tell you
how to separate platinum from iron ore.
The old system was to remove the plat
inum from the metal with which It was
associated by the successive action of ni
tric and hydro-chloric acid. A later sys
tem or method is that . of Delville and
Debray,' known as the welding process.
This department has. not the space to
describe the two processes.
At a woman's club in Chicago the other day there
was a discussion on the question whether men should
be admitted to membership in the club, and one lady
said: "I don't object to men..' I may have reasons
for not marrying one of them; but none for shutting
them out. of club's and discussions." Another woman*
was in favor' 01 admitting them, and said, "Men are
good things." A third member advised, "Let the,
men come in, pay the dues, take part in the discus
sions, arrange. the tea tables and receive the ladies,
but don't let them vote." ;' At the .conclusion, of the
discussion one man was to membership, and
now' : it. remains 1 ': to be seen whether ;he will prove an
example of warning or a model whose '• exemplary
conduct will- open the idopr for 'many another who
wishes the privilege,' ! 6f [paying dues, arranging tea
tables and passing out when. a. vote is taken. . '"
COMIC ACTORS-E. Q.. City. This cor
respondent asks for the name* of the two
most comic actors of a' certain amateur
club' In this city and adds: ."Telephone
to tho manager and he will tell you."
Thla department wishes to inform the
correspondent that as he knows where he
can obtain tho information he. is as well
able to telephone to the manager as the
representative of this department is.
NO FREMlUM-N. O., AJameda, Cal.
A half dime vf; 1353 does not command a
premium. Such coins con be purchased
from dealers for 25 cents each.
There was at one" time considerable, objection to
the character of the; population in Arizona and New
Mexico.but that objection no longer holds. : The mi
gration to those Territories, as well a's that to Okla
homa, has been of 'the . typical . American character,
and the recent census statistics of schools, and indus
tries show them to be making, a genuine -'American
progress, both materially, and morally. '.There is not
the slightest reason to doubt the capacity of either
Each of the applicants has a good claim for admis
sion to the dignity and privileges of statehood. Each
of them is now, in area, population and- wealthy supe
rior 'to some of the States in the Union, and each of
them, moreover, has a' bright prospect, of rapid
growth and development in the immediate future.
Oklahoma has a larger population than either Dela
ware, Idaho, Montana, Nevada,- North Dakota, Wy
oming, Utah or Vermont. New Mexico lias a larger
population than either. Delaware, Idaho, Wyoming or
Nevada, and Arizona, the least populous of the three"
has a larger population than either Nevada or Wy
oming. . "~ V . •. . ..' : '
CHANGE FOR, NEW Sf ATES.
DESPITE the .early reports that there was
slight chance for cither of the Territorial ap
plicant's for statehood to receive admission
at this session, it appears there is, after all, a very
good prospect for all three of them. The House
Committee on Territories has decided to report bills
for their admission, and as the decision was unani
mous it is, believed the report will be favorably re
ceived by the House.
Well sor. one o'the fellies that was
standln round said it was a dom'd poor
place f'r to Bell a cyclerpeedy, an 1 I
t ought I'd show 'im, begobs!"— Baltimore
Sun.
i« ",° you ar0 doIn * charitable work
«J£,° i J UmS ' Mrt> Na **e"«n? If. so
ovely of you to take eix Interest la
thoso poor people."
'' Y «*» * «njoy the work very much.
Nearly all thp women down th<re have
domestic troubles that they tell me all
about."~Chlcago Record Herald. >
"Do you mean to say." asked tA
lounger, "that you bought a $30 cyclope*
dia from that book agent 7". *""*•«
"I did. sor." replied' the proprietor of
the crease tank.
for?" hat UndCr the * Un dld you do that
State Senator M. A. Leddy of El Paso
County, Colo., is heading a party of tour
ists, who are registered at the California.
The party includes Alex Anderson and II.
C. Bush, railroad men, and F. 8. Sargent,
a banker of Denver, Colo. , '
fJoHn T. Macleod. a resident of Manila
for the last twenty years, arrived' on the
steamer Coptic, yesterday and registered
at : the Palace. Macleod: is -president -of
the Compahla Maritimaof Manila, one of
the largest steamship lines running to tha
islands. .. - '
Rev. J. C. Gillan of Chicago and Rev.
John J. McCann of Elgin, 111., have re
turned from a visit to Mexico and are
guests at the California. .
I James R. Guriield, son of the martyr
President, James A. Garfleld, is reglstred
at the Palace from Menton, Ohio.
R. O. Barton, proprietor of the Barton
Opera-houno of Fresno, Is at the Califor
nia with hln wife.
Gcorgo W. Mnpes, a largo cattle dealer
of Reno, Nov., Im one of tho arrivals at
the Rusk. " ' ;J ;
Baron X<co von Roftcnherff it registered
at the Pnlace frjnm New York. • ",:..'
.' L. Ilartmnn,. a cigar manufacturer of
Washington, D. C, In staying at the Call.
f urn In. • . ??/i >¦'. v..W::'/»"
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
It looks as if the Canadian people were drifting in
our direction so rapidjy that annexation is bound to
come, for the Montreal Star says: -"An honest elec
tion has become such a rare : thing in Canada in re
cent years that to speak of the' people governing the
country is satire." ,-
Two British battleships, the Bulwark
and Irresistible, of 15,000 tons, have at last
been completed. The -Bulwark was built
at the Devonport dockyard, her keel be
ing laid "March 20, 1899, and is to be placed
In commission on the ISth of this month.
The Irresistible was built at Chatham
keel laid April 12, 1898. and was commis
sioned Februarys last. There has been
quite a rivalry between the dockyards in
trying t'o make records for expeditious
work aritr'the Devonport yard, although
not bo well equipped as the other dock
yards, has turned out chips in better time
than »t» competitors. ' The tftne required
to complete the Irresistible, which was
A bluejacket and a marine were recent
ly caught smuggling a bottle of whisky
on board their ship while at one of the
British dockyards, and in due course of
time were properly punished .for the of
fense. The confiscated article was con
sumed by the officers of the ship, and
Labouchere expresses the opinion that the
receiver is as much amenable to punish
ment as the enlisted men who were
caught in the act of bringing liquor on
board ship. \
Eight battleships of the Royal Sover
eign class, launched in 1891-92, are shortly
to have improvements made which will
greatly increase their fighting efficiency.
The six-inch guns on the upper deck are
to be protected by casemates, and the
same decision has been reached as to the
Centurion and Barfleur. Hitherto only
four out of the ten guns forming the
heavy quickfirlng batteries of these ten
ships have been protected by casemates.
The foundation stone of the dockyards
extension at_ Hongkong was laid January
15 last. *! Tlie actual work ..has," however,
been in progress for some time and Is be
ing vigorously pushed. "The total, area, to
be occupied by the new works is 32%
acres, and include a basin of 9 1-3 acres,
with a depth of 30 feet at the lowest tides,
a drydock 550 feet in length, building sites,
gun parks, etc. The water front, 4580 feet
in length, is constructed of concrete
blocks laid to a depth of forty-six feet be
low water level.
ent inconsistency, one being that the Co
lumbia, after, barely eight years' exist
ence, is to be regarded as obsolete, or else
that the Secretary is not kept posted on
what Is going on in his' department.
PERSONAL. MENTION.
The Secretary of the Navy refers in his
latest report to the necessity of barracks
in preference to receiving ships for hous
ing enlisted men. He expresses the
ion that "it, of course, will be many years
before any vessel of the modern navy will
become sufficiently obsolete to be utilized
for this purpose." There is a singular
discrepancy between this expression of
opinion and the actual condition of affairs.
The Secretary's report Is dated November
4, 1901, and the Columbia, a cruiser of the
modern navy, commissioned April 23, 1894,
was substituted September 1 of last year
for the old Vermont as a receiving ship
at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, and is indi
cated an such in the latest navy register.
Th<r Columbia's cost was $3,909,01126. in
cluding $350,000 for Bpoed premiums. Thero
are two explanations which 'may be of
fered to reconcile the Secretary'* appar-
-- 1 ; ruary 10. It Is a tabulated statement
from' the Navy Department giving the
•first cost and subsequent amounts .of
money expended in repairs of vessels built
since 18o3, bringing the data up to June 30.
1900. The most prominent ships, are the
Indiana, Massachusetts and Oregon, prac
tically, completed at the same time. The
completed cost of these yesels was $5,983,
371 98, ,$6,047,117 95 . and $6,575,032 76 In the
order named, and includes speed pre
miums, which were $38,500, $100,000 and
1175.000. respectively. Deducting the speed
premiums' the Oregon appears to have ex
ceeded the cost of the Indiana by $455,161
and that of the Massachusetts^ by about
$452,050, which is nearly 8 per cent over *ac
Eastern built ships. T.o offset this the re
pairs to the Indiana have required $283,
134 96," the Massachusetts 5224.383 19 and the
Oregon $67,758 09. It is especially in the
engine and boiler rooms that the Oregon
has manifested its vast superiority, for
while the repairs to the Indiana's ma
chinery cost $117,402 93 and the Massachu
setts' $107,849 79, the Oregon's repairs were
only $10,628 39. The latter ship has
steamed ten miles to one mile of the other
two, and proved herself the best ship in
any navy. She was cheap at $6,000,000,
and the Indiana and Massachusetts were
"lame ducks" as compared with the Ore
gon and costly at any price.
THE superiority of naval vessels built
at San- Francisco over those con
structed in Eastern yards is proved
, by-Senate document No. 175, of Feb-
The Argentine has ordered two armored
cruisers from Ansaldo. Genoi .They 22
of 8500 tons. 17.000 hor 8 epower aS 21
"While the German training ship Moltke
was at Baltimore last month fourteen
Germans of various occupations applied
for examination with a view of entering
the German navy. There were three
butchers, two clerks, one each of laborerl
locksmith, railroad employe, hairdressev^ 1
piano polisher and waiter, and only two
, were sailors. The latter were applicants
for "unter officers," or warrant officers'
positions. They will serve one year on
probation, and if married their wives must
not be of the laboring class. It is evi
dent that salary Is not so much of an ob
ject, but that the first love for the Father
land induces these men to Join the Ger
man navy.
In Austria seven ships are under con
struction at Pola and Trieste and com
prise three battleships, one cruiser, two
river monitors and one torpedo depot
ship. One of the battleships Is a duplicate
of the Hapsburg type, of 8340 tons and
eighteen knots speed. The other two have
a length of 290 feet by 72 feet beam and
will exceed 10,000 tons displacement and
are to steam nineteen knots. Their bat
teries are said to consist of four 9.43-inch
in turrets; eight 7.48-inch, six 5.9-lnch.
fourteen 14-pounders and sixteen machino
guns.
1383 days. Is only slightly better than that
of the United States battleship Iowa,
built six years ago, for which the cor
responding period was 1410 days.
.; V-; ; '; • • • •
A submarine boat 100 feet In length has
been ordered from the Vlckers Company,
for the British navy and is. to be ecm-«
pleted to participate in the naval review
during the coronation of King Edward.
The revised naval budget of Japan for
the ensuing fiscal year has been passed
by the House of Representatives and pro
vides $10,674,526 for ordinary expenses and
$3,538,292 for extraordinary expenditures,
making a total of $14,212,813. The amount
voted for 1901-1902 was $18,557,633.
Facts and Figures Regarding Three Battleships in the American Navy Prove That the
Oregon Far Excels Its Sister Ships.
The dry commercial figures, which arc accepted as
ihe best b.-.romctcrs of the country's commercial con
dition, continue to- make a gratifying showing. The
bank clearings for the past week were li.'j per cent
larger than during the corresponding week in 1901,
but the aggregate was; smaller than of late, footing
rp only about $1.95^,000.000, of which New York
furnished $1.27^.940,000. It is surprising • what an
enormous proportion of the country's business is
rfonc in New York. The failures for the week were
215 : against !/9 la*>t year, but included none of suffi
cient consequence to attract attention. The financial
situation in New Yosk has lately been, improved by
ji recovery in Germany and Russia from the recent
trade depression in both countries, and this, with the
enormous stocks of actual gold held in the United
States, gives a rather rosy aspect to the nearfuturc.
The most pessimistic, searcher after impending disas
ter can find nothing at present to afford him an op
portunity to croak. It, does not seem to be in the
game. < . . .
Our Jocal California conditions remain about as
before. We have had a rainy February and enough
rain has now' fallen to give reasonable assurance of
heavy crnps, %n if we want to worry we will have to
hunt up something e!sc than the outlook. At
present ihcre is no worrying material in sight.
Wall street continues apathetic. Were it not for an
occasional fiurry on account of legislation or litiga
tion, both of which ore the leading factors in the
stock market at present, the street would be compar
atively lifeless, as the general public seems more in
tent on making mon^y in thje old-fashioned merchan
dising way than by gambling in stocks. Strong inter
ests still ttand under the market and it is not allowed,
to drop far, no matter what adverse influence attacks
bonds and chares. -
FEBRUARY was a month of storms all over
the United States, from California to New
. England, and the last day of the month was
characterized by floods, blizzards and other varieties
of winter weather over the greater portion of the
country. These adverse meteorological conditions
always restrict the volume of trade, yet the month
made a fir.e record~-j:evertheless. *The distributive
trade was good, collections were easy, failures were
i:ot above the normal and orders for merchandise for
spring delivery were fully as large as' anticipated.
There was a halting tendency in several lines, notably
wool, which is now being taken less freely by the
mills and Eastern dealers are showing less confidence
in the future of this staple. Per contra, however,
buyers in this State arc even now in the S:;n Joaquiri
Valley, where the spring shearing has just' com
menced, which is considered by San Francisco opera
tors as presaging^an ixtive and firm market. Provi
sions have been bobbing up and down at Chicago
and other Western centers, but whenever a decline
occurs it is usually followed by a recovery the next
day. The cereal markets have shown more tone, the
minor grains meeting with an improved demand at
tinner prices at Chicago, while Australia is in this
market for a large line of barley, which is now being
shipped. There has been no pronounced change in
wheat, the market having ruled dull all over the
world for the past fortnight. Iron and steel appear
cuieter on the surface, but the consumptive demand
is reported as heavy as ever, and the high prices for
finished products are " maintained without difficulty,
with most of the mills sold far ahead into the year.
Railroad earnings are r2ther less than at this time last
year, but the only comment to be made in this con
nection is that considering the violent storms all over
the country the wonder is that they are as large as
they are.
NO CAU^E YET TO CROAK'-
true schoolgirl simplicity. The sown Is
worn over plnlc silk.
Miss foltz Is a decided poster girl in
her lone black silk coat with Its high,
flaring collar and broad revers down tho
front from head to feet. The entire coat
is. lined with white duchess satin, as are
also the wide revers,. and worn over a
white .gown 'the effect is strikingly ar
tistic. • .
A black crepuB de chine creation, bearing
In its originality of garniture the Parisian
MISS VIRGINIA FOLTZ, WHOSE
GOWNS ARE THE ENVY OF
SOCIETY.
Evidently the South is slowly coming into touch
with the -life of the nation at large. She will find
that an increase of the urban population will. do hqr
no harm, J»nd if the lack of farm labor lends to an in
crease of wages it will also lead to better systems of
farming and larger profits for the planters.
As an .'illustration ;p1 the 'Southern view of the sub
ject, it is worth 'ribtin'g that a correspondent of the
Atlanta' Constitution in a recent letter, to that paper
said: ."While we are straining to send missionaries
•to China to improve their moral and religious condi
tions, in4he very next breath we admit that a flow of
emigrants from that country would improve us and
is almost a necessity. How sad does it seem when
we of Georgia know of what a blessed thing we had
in the rural homes, and th'en to 1 think ' that there
should ever' appear a willingness to give up this bless
edness to a race of heathens whose God is not our
G.od and whom we. can never hope to Christianize."
The southward movement is attributed mainly to
the development pf # manufacturing industries in that
section. As the Southern people, have had no expe
rience in those lines^of work there has been a demand
for Northern hclp,'dt every' new 'manufacturing center.
A' considerable. number;, o/ 1 country ';pcQple have gone
to the cities and towns^for work in; the, factories, but
the number does not se^'mtorhave: been sufficient to
.-.ffect the former proi)ortjpn of 'urban and rural popu
lation, so 'it' 1 seems certair^the increase in theiowns
must have conic front the/'Norttfto a tery large ex
tent. ¦ • Ji>P§^§MWl%l ' ¦'
The South has. np-JargbVcitics.'and the industrial
movement" has them.
Most of the fpctbne^^^ap^^^^ljjiied in com
paratively small towns; •%j5j r that\th'e ! growth of that
section has been more notable in "towns of less than
8000 inhabitants than in larger towns. The percent
age of .increase in towns ofcdifferent populations is
thus given by, ; th§ census bulletins: !*
In places— % .South.' United States.
25,000 and' over ..¦".31.0 ' 41.0
8000 to 25,000 .'. 26.9 23 1
4000 to -8000 ....87.3 26.7 -
Less than 4000....:...., .44.4 33.0
Rural .i.17.9 9.4
• We have here a marked difference in the tenden
cies,, of the populations ot the South and the
Union £ as whole, but $t is not .likely,* -the/
difference. -will ;cyer be so notable again.?| f Soutli- '
em papers iTe^rt^ftat|5i^re^^«^v^ff great
deal of complaint in the rural districts of a lack of
labor caused by the migration of negroes as well as
whites to the cities." It "appears- -'then, that manufac
turing is having the same'^ effect in those States that
it has had everywhere else, and by the time the next
census is taken it will doubtless be found that the
urban movement has been fully developed in most
if not in all 'of the Southern. States,^ and that the.
larger towns', will-show greater 'proportionate gains
than the smaller ones.-... :.;•,< *.;•:? ;./¦- ;'¦•
¦^•The -drift • of the . negroes^ has;,given- rise'' tp^cpm**
plaints'on^thevpart'i^
urge the adoption jof^ vagrancy^ laws which ' will force I
idle negr.oes out. of jthe;':cities i to.ithe ' country, 'where
they are ueeded.^ Others 'are urging the importation
of^ ; Chinese'/-.." Ijt 'js/riot at all probable that eithe- of
the proposed flaps' will avail anything.' There is no
pToof Vthat, the' mass of the negroes who go to the
cities remain idle v/Hen they. get there; so vagrancy
laws would not return to the rural districts any whose
return would be 'desirable. < On -the other hand, the
Chinese suggestion 'has 'met with no favorable re
sponse from the people generally.
O*NEof the notable features of 'the census
statistics ' for ; : ,ipjpp. . i s , the,, revelation that the
t^^^^^^^^^^^ls^^n^JincreiLSC in
population-as'rSpidjy^as the North. For a' long time
theretwas a larger migration of' Southern men to the.
North and West than of Northern and Western men
to the South. During the past decade the prevailing,
migration was in the other direction. The South
not only held her own against the North,. but man
aged to add to her population a sufficient number of
immigrants to make up for tHe large European mi
gration which':is so potent a factor in increasing the"
Northern population.
MIGRATION SOUTHWARD.
~y The : semi-annua:! ,repb ? rt v of; the Londonvand iNbrttf'
American syst'emMfof 'railway work ; tHe traffic receipts
shew an increase of. £39,270 and the. working expenses
a decrease . of. £32,^09 ; .'so it ; is '¦ safe to '• say the stock
holders are ,w^fni;iri ; their approval of .the American
idea. - ' ui^^K • s ; ¦ . •
stamp, la worth mention. The skirt has
a deep plaited flounce of soft black silk.
The yoke of. the bodice and the lower
part of the sleeve are of heavy black lace
over white chiffon silk. Between the lace
and the white chiffon, however, is a laye^.
of black chiffon which sortens tncf g;ar«., o
effect -of the white, rendering the entire
ensemble more in harmony.
All of Miss Foltz's gowns are quite sim
ple, as she i3 not a fluffy girl and fussy
clothes do not suit her. Permit me to
add, however, that jewels are decidedly
becoming, and Miss Foltz has some very
pretty .stones. Perhaps the handsomest
one is a large pin. a diamond horseshoe
with an elaborate fleur de lis of diamonds
in the center. It Is a beautiful design,
especially made by Tiffany (I have heard),
so the horseshoe may be separated from
the centerpiece and the two designs worn
separately.
* * *
Society has scarcely had a glimpse a3
yet of Mrs. Jame3 L. Board, who has
come to this . city to escape the cold
weather in New York and has takea
apartments at the Palace Hotel with hee^
husband, the clever millionaire. The
Boards travel a great deal, and it Is to
be hoped that they will not flit away to
their favorite home at Port Huron, Mich.,
b'efore she has given us a chancrf to en
joy the sunshine of her fair presence, for
Mrs. Board is certainly beautiful to look
upon, having youth, personal charms and
a bright mind in her favor. It is surmised
that her husband appreciates^ this fact
from the generous gifts he showers upon
her. It will be remembered that Mrs.
Board . Is the happy possessor of the
famous shamrock of diamonds and rare
pearls which was so much admired at the
World's Fair. The three large pearls— one
in each leaf— are the largest that San
Francisco has seen for a long time. One
pearl la of the rarest ahell pink, one la
creamy and the other almost black. They
are eurrounded with scores of diamonds
and worn as a pendant. '
Mr. Alfred Sutro and Miss Rose New
mark are engaged! The news will come
in the nature of a decided surprise to the
many friends of the well-known couple,
but as the/ deserve so much happiness
congratulations cannot ' be too genuine.
Miss Newmarlc is. perhaps more widely
known In Los Angeles, where sha has
been residing tor some time with her
parents, Mr. and Mrs.' M. J.. Newmark.
Bhe was formerly a pupil of Miss Lake's
school in San Francisco, where she was,
as much loved as admired for her charm
ins qualities. Mr. Sutro Is. an unusually
bright and prosperous ¦ attorney, and a
graduate of the Harvard Law School. He
has been associated for some years with
Mr. E. 8. Plll.Hbury. and their united ef
forts have been an honor to the legal pro
fession. The date of the wedding to ad
yet quite Indefinite. SALLY SHARP.
WAR VESSELS CONSTRUCTED ON THE PACIFIC COAST
ARE MtJCH SUPERIOR TO THOSE BUILT IN THE EAST
But the rare quality of. her voice is
only one of her virtues. She has a pretty
face, a bewitching manner and a figure
that sets oft her gowns to perfection. And
such dreams as Miss Foltz is wearing!
.Words seem altogether inadequate to de
scribe their loveliness. One that I con
sider, a poem is a gown of white Ttenajs
eance lace with zigzag strips of white
Bilk inserted in the lace. Perhaps the
reckless • extravagance of Parisian de
signers adds to the charming effects pro
duced, for underneath the lace gown is
one of white chiffon, then etlll another
o* cream chiffon,' and still another of
corn-colored ntlk. Somehow the white
over the two thickneaaes of cream
subdue the yellow < tint and make
a . soft background . for the white
lace. Ttto dainty elbow, sleeves are bell
shaped, ending with plaited ruffles of
white chiffon. Frou-frou flounces of chif
fon n]«r. furnish the bottom of the trained
aklrt. Otherwise the gown Is quite plain
and. the quiet elegance la more pleasing'
than would bo any dttemptat garniture.
Another exquisite gown Is of white silk
mull Inserted with little squares of white
ValencIiTiivH lace edged with the tlnieat
of lace ruffles. At the bottom of the skirt
1» a 'solid row of. the 'lace 'squares, but
there is no other trimming. The trim
little bodies fasten down the back with
e
IBS /Bf an(^ women are ever at
/H /a w trac J e^: by beau ty, admire
- / m/, H • the , stylishly-gowned while
."/ h.B' ' Bl .they, gaze at their latest
¦'*jf<?- ¥••' /§[ Paris ' creations, and never
:? '="«" ' ;-' - fail] to be Interested In clev
:.«-;•!.'• erness, but when'a young
wonian. possessing the three qualifica
tions" strikes San Francisco she Is
ibound' "to/.' make— •something .of a
stir.. 'The newest ' comer, perhaps,
,of v "this •; description Is Miss Vir
ginia «FqKz, : : who has left gay New York
.with; its'.. stronghold "of artists to have a
little visit,: with her clever mother, Mrs.
Clara, ; Shortridge Foltz" the bright and
prpminent^- lawyer,. '.wlio enjoys the dis
tinction, of being the^only woman in her
profession ¦' In 'this' part of the country.
Possibly/ Miss Foltz, is indebted to her
mother; in, more 'ways than one for the
high standard :of ability she has shown,
for Mrs: Foltz 'been . very, successful
.in . the legal profession and has
spared no expense in giving -this young*
estdaughter^ as-well' as the other four
children, a liberal education. ' Miss Foltz
has studied' voice in America and Europe
. for .tliei last -ten. years, and, while she has
alrefady. -had .-excellent offers for the op»
eratic stage, she {s still ambitious to make
the most of her gifts. For the last two
years 'Miss Foltz has been in New York,
where she has been singing In opera
comique with Lillian Russell, and Fay
Teicpleton, who have great hopes for her
future. . . • .
Such is the issue which Hill puts before the coun
try as the programme of a great political party. It
will be well for Republicans to take- heed of it. If
any encouragement be given to the movement, this
country will have to undergo another long agitation,
which, by threatening to overthrow the established
fiscal system," will menace every industry and- Weil
nigh paralyze trade.
so desirous?"
Republicans will- make a mistake if theyi underrate ;
the significance of that utterance. Hill may not be ¦
a great statesman, but he is not a fool in matters of
practical politics. The efforts of reciprocity men and
other tariff tinkers to break the solidity of the pro-,
tective system show that there is danger in the issued
It is -clear, that if the system be broken in one place
it will he difficult to prevent a break elsewhere. Hill
has been prompt to see the advantage offered in- the
reciprocity schemes, and he declared reciprocity to
be . a Democratic policy. He did not undertake to
explain how a tariff devised solely for revenue pur
poses would afford any means for arranging reci
procity treaties, but that gap in his iogic would not
materially weaken the onslaught of the combined
free traders and reciprocity men if once an opportu
nity were given them by any division in the ranks of
the protectionists. ...
Hlir cheered his party:. by-declaring that their, op-,
portunity has come.' "If," said:-h'e,' "the expansion of
our trade 'and commerce 'is" 7 the pressing problem" of"
the time, why sh6uld ; notthe Democracy press it 'for-'
ward. It is an issue m' : regard to- .which they ' have '
been always right.' '.If reciprocity; treaties are; in Jiar-
mony with the spirit of ¦ the times "and measures of rV .
taliation are not, .why should those treaties -be con
fined to a few countries and why should not the tariff
barriers to commercial- intercourse be removed' by
statute as well as by treaty .where other countries s
have been always desirous of. free ports arid are still'
Mr. Hill's speech delivered at a dinner of the Man
hattan Club coincided 'with the arrival, in New York',
oNPrince Henry of Prussia, and accordingly did riot
receive the notice from the press.wKich; its merits &s
a. notable utterance upon the immediate -.policy of the
Democratic party by a statesman of "national ..
tioii and strong local prestige. It may., be.regarded 1 '
as the first authoritative announcement? of the' pro-^
gramme which the Eastern Democracy'fp'irrposes :t&
urge upon the party; and as Western ari'd- Southern
Democracy have been discredited by the failures' of .
Bryanism, it is fairly certain the programme will be
accepted by the party as a whole.
Mr. Hill declares for an affirmative platform de
manding: "A free constitutional government 'for , all
our possessions over which our .flag of right floats,"
the maintenance "of the Democratic doctrine of
home rule for the States," "the prohibition, restric
tion or regulation of dangerous corporate combina
tions of~ capital," "the expression of national sympa
thy with the struggling republics of South Africa,"
"the enactment of a tariff for revenue only," "the en
forcement of the Monroe doctrine" and "the election
of ¦Uhited^States. Senators by direct vote of the peo
ple." He made no direct statement respecting free sil
ver issue, but said: "The Democratic party favors
the maintenance of the public credit at all times, rthe
steady reduction of the national debt and the payment
of all obligations of the Government according, to
their letter and^ spirit." , .» ;. t ,'¦ '¦¦
The . speaker emphasized , the • importance of the
tariff "question and urged that it be made the chief
though not the only issue in the coming campaign.
After declaring that it is not a new controversy but
an old one, he went on to say: "It is an issue upon
which every Democrat in. this broad land can stand,
without regard 'to .past differences^ or 'previous con
dition of servitude' to any other good, bad or
indifferent. It is not a dead issue, but a living issue;
it is not a' passing. issue, but an ever-present issue; it
is not a questionable issue, but an honest issue. It
is not 'a temporary expedient, b'ut a permanent and'
substantial principle, which had been the cornerstone
of our political faith during all the one hundred years'
.of our existence as a political organization. Jcffer
soh~ Madison, Monroe, Jackson, t Van Bttren, Marcy,
Wright, Casg,..Tilden, Cleveland,.)Hendricks, Bryan
and Stevenson. have all advocated it. It has stood
the. test of age because it is right.M;:It has been ob
scured at times by the temporary /prominence of
other issues, but it has never ceased td'be the party's
faith." . ' /
EFFORTS at Democratic -reorganization 1 are go
. ing .briskly forward ia w the East. 'New York
has taken; up 'the work, where Massachusetts
left off, and under the lead of'* Nixon -and Hill the
once-warring factious of New York Democracy
are being ' rapidly harmonized. Hill*, has emerged
from retirement and the obscure manipulation of in
trigues and come to the front as ' a y'leader. , "He^
has made a. speech outlining a platform for" his party
and has materially aided the work of the reprganizers.
by furnishing them with a definite ¦ ' programme vbfr
action: — ¦ • " • >• -/•.: '?*\:-''; » \\ ¦•
COMING OF VIRGINIA FOLTZ
CREATES A STIR IN SOCIETY
one of them for self-government,,: as the -Indian and
half-breed ¦*Spanish^inhabitants are .no .longer the.
clominant<elemen|^of the.popiilktion. . '¦¦'
v; Both ;,political5;parhes hive in their national plat
forms declared- themselves in favor of the early, ad
mission of the three Territories. There is, therefore,
a. pledge which;ough£ to be. fulfilled at -this session if
-possible/ •'tPolitical5corisi(ierations,', of ',course,« always;
but-in^thii C&sei there_ is .'rjothing in the political situa^
tion tb; r make'Jit worth whije' f or either party to' oppose'
and->NeSv '"'. Mexico
z °na; jelfecied: a^er^^crat. :-f Hon'breVthen,'- were : about j
as/even a s (theyje^
\ s - fe. t^' e^^^8^^«ei^ore.' the country?
none^vhich |i| ktJaliyiic'elyVto -States
against t|tejinterest|^of . thV-Easfc * 'The -time- is'-, there-'
fore* p'ro^itious^.tQ^iie claims o0he' : applicants/ and.
the- /country^p^iy^^iHld^be^glad'to ' se^, their'
stairs of.^teiio8dplppne'd^upbn!the national banner
oh the next Fourt]Y"6f l jtiiy. y;.Y ;'¦::¦.. '" ; -.";' : . ; .,- ; - \\^< "y [¦
A DEMOCRATIC PROGRAMME.
MONDAY. . ;¦?: . . f?i .".'. . . . MARCH 3> 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Froprietor.
AMresi All CininsBisaticai to W. S. LEAEE,'K«nager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone rre J^J^i
rtTlKICATIOX OFPICE... Market and Third. S. F.
Teleplionc Press 201. - '. .
I'.niTOniAL ROOMS. . ...217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»r Oirrlcrw. 15 Cent* Per Wee!*.
Slncrle Copies. Pi Cent*.
Term* l>y Blafl. Jncl^lnsr Postages
T>ATLT CALL flncliKJirjr Sunday), one year Jfl.00
PAILT CAtX <lnclu31nB Sunday). « months .",.00
nAILT CALL (inclufllafr Sunday). 3 moiOhs I. SO
PAILT CALL— By Slnple Month
FUXDAT CALL. One Tear f *- M
v.EEKLT CALU One Tear •••• 1-0°
All postmaster* are nntliorlied to receive
unbucrlptl on*.
Sample cosies will be forwarded when requested.
Mai! itifcscriters 5n ordering: chani^ of addres* should te
t articular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
tr insure a prompt and correct compliance with their recm-at.
iiiKLAAD OFFICE. ... ....... . ;..111S BrondTrny
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Kp&igtr Fcrtira Adrertising, Hirsts tts Bnildjaj. Chicago.
(Lone DUtanca Telephon? "Central 2619.") /
NEW TOBK CORRESPONDENT: .
c . c. CARLTON Herald Square
• XEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE r
frTEPHEX D. SMITH 30 Tribnne Building
'¦•;".;' NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorr- Astoria Hotel; A. Brcntano. 31 Union Square;
Hurray H1U HoteL
CHICAGO XEWS STANDS:
Ehenran House; P. O. ¦ News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont Houee; Auditorium HoteL
wi-SHnrGTox <d. c.) office. . . .1400 g St.. -jr. w.
; *\-j ¦'¦ SI0RTOX IS. CRA3E, Correspondent.
UKAXCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery, corr.er of Clay, open
'"-• «nt:l 0:80 o'clock. 300 Hay«. open until 9:30 o'clock.' <W3
McAllister, .open until 9:30 o'clock. 016 Larkin. open until
: !¦' 9:20 o'clock. 1W1 MUalon..' open until 10 o'clock. 2281
' Uarfcer. come Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1090 Va
; ¦ lencla, open until 0 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twentjr-eecond and Kentucky, open
urtll 9 o'clock. 2200 FUltmre. optn until 0 p. m.
THE : jJ5Ajy. : FB Ay CISCO -^ GALL, V MOIST) AY, . MAKClt 3, 1902.
4
AMUSEMENTS.
FUchw'n TbeftUr— "The French Maid."
'. . C«lUom'.«— "Itupert pfHenttau." .
V Tlvoll— "The Serenade."
,.: C*ntr*l— "The L««t Ktroke^' ,
. Alrssar — "At the White Horse Tavern/'
'.j CclumbU — "Arizona."
• ' '; ¦¦' - — • :'•
J ' <; rrrii Opera-hou**—- "A '. Contented Woman."
ibuui, i.'M and 'jVuut— '. uuu<:\nin cvcr> a'tcrn&on and
. Metropolitan Hull— Emma. Nevada. March 3.
Wocdward'a Pavilion— Winter Clicui.
'•:. Oaklacd Racetrack — fUcea to-day. , 'The Oakland store will be cen-
The Oakland Store.
inere the volume of business had
so grown that it becarhe > impera«i
tive to secure larger quartos. So
the corner of Mission and Six
teenth streets was leased fora
term of years and the great Pat
tosien Furniture building was
erected. The space occupied by
the new building was so tremen
dous that the move was looked
upon with doubts by many. But
the wisdom of building such a
great store— by far the- largest
furniture building on the Coast
was soon demonstrated, and to
day, after four years in the big
building, business has grown to
such proportions that the com
pany has virtually been forced to
establish two new stores— one in
Oakland and one in Palo Alto.
show that liis up-to-date business
ideas and knowledge of the fur
niture business is meeting with a
marvelous response. Ten years
ago had any one suggested that a
store.in the Mission was destined
to be a factor in the commercial
life of^JSan Francisco he would
have tieen laughed at. Yet just
about that time the Pattosien
Furniture Company was started
on Sixteenth street in a modest
way. |
The' tremendous commercial
activity of San Francisco is in no
way better evidenced than by the
showing made by San Francisco's
largest House Furnishing estab
lishment, the Pattosien Furniture
Company. The truly tremendous
strides of this institution are at
tracting much attention, and tht
illustrations shown here in our
columns of the new enterprises
just launched by Mr. Patiosien
Besides the great advantage of
The Reason for
the Pattosien
Low Prices.
factory and warehouse to the
home, avoiding the long haul in
wagons over cobble streets that
generally manages to put the fur
niture in the downtown stores in
a condition almost bordering oo
wreckage.
communication with the railroad,
and it allows the Pattosien Com
pany to take its furniture from the
cars to its warehouse and store di
rect, and deliver direct from the
San Francisco' that has direct -
THE STORE THAT SAVES YOU MONEY
The Palo Alto Store.
The Palo Alto store is intended
as a distributing point for the
rich and fertile Santa Clara Val
ley,' permitting people to secure
complete house furnishing outfits
at the same prices that prevail in
the big San Francisco store. The
Fattosien Company will be en
abled to deliver and set up furni
ture on, the premises of purchas
ers, lay carpets and hang curtains
as handily as though the pur
chaser lived in San. Francisco.
All along the line from Los
.Gatos, San Jose, Mountain View,
Palo Alto and. Redwood City to
San Mated will this be possible. 1
THE SAN FRAJSTQISGO QALL, r MMlY, ;MM: 3 r 1902; ¦
The New Store at 16th Street and San
Pablo Avenue, Oakland, that will be a central
supply point for Alameda and Contra Costa
Counties.
A striking demonstration o? what a live man, with the right prices and
right ideas of business, can do in a short time. . Year by year you can trace
each year's business and estimate what the future business will be.
The • new warehouse, nearing
completion, at 1 Sixteenth , and
Harrison streets, will be connect
ed directly with the railroad, and
being. only two blocks from the
main store -will be a tremendous
advantage in handling goods.
This is the only furniture store in
We New Warehouse.
For a year it grew slowly and
then moved to larger and better
adapted quarters, on corner of
Sixteenth and Valencia streets.
Under the far-seeing, guiding
hand of President \V. J. Patto
sien, the Pattosien Furniture
Company grew in importance
month by month, and when five
years of its tenancy had passed
The First Growth.
trally located, at Sixteenth street
and San Pablo avenue, and will
be a 'handsome modern block,
giving room for one of the finest
furniture stores in the State. This
store is intended for across the
bay shoppers, who will thus be
offered an opportunity of buying
at home at the celebrated low
Pattosien prices various articles
of house furnishings they may
need without being put to the
trouble of coming across the bay.
MONDAY. MARCH 3.
to AnnivE. v
Steamer Movements.
Sun rises. 8:38
Sun *sts. .: «:05
Moon rises....' 1:52 a. m.
H Time Time Time Time
P Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• H W L W H W \J L W
8~ 0:00 "Te 1:00 0.9 8:18 3.9
L W H W t, W H. W
4 0:45 3.0 6:48 4.6 1:47 0.7 0:03 4.1
6 1:30 .1,0 7:45 4.7. 2:31 0.6 U:U 4.3
6 2:30 2.0 8:33 4.8 3:12 0 « 10:19 4.6
7 3:13 2.6 0:23 .6.0 3:30 0.4 10:40 4.0
8 3:8S 2.2 10:10 0.1 4:30 0.0 11:17 5.0
t) 4:^0 1,8 10:87 O.a 0:00 0.7H:ta| 0.1
NOTE— In the abov« exposition of the ttdo«
the early mornlm tldts are Ktven In ths left
hand column and the successive tides of tbo
day In the ord*r of occurrence a* to time; the
fourth time column given th'e l«*t tide of the
day, except when th*r* are but three tide*. %»
sometime* occur*. The h«lRht* given are In
addition to the sounding* ot the United tiute*
Coast Purvey charts, except when a minus (— )
ulen precedes th» height, and then th* number
Riven Ii subtracted from tho depth slven by
ili« chart*. The plane of reference I* the mtAn
of the lower low water*.
Htcnnnr. 'From. . Du«.
n. Dollar.... i!u«n*m# : .............. Mar. <1
Iaqua. ....... tlnn lviiro.,... Mnr. :i
«aii Jom.... . Pnnntim A Way forts.. Mar. ¦'!
IUval........' Wlllana Harbor Mnr. a
Arcnta....... Coos liny * l'urt Orford Mar. n
Kmplr« Coos liny Mar. 3
J. B. Klmball Hrattle A Tnrnnuv Mar. a
Alliance Portland A Way Porta. Mar. 3'
Umatilla... .. »'uir« found PorU .... M>«r. .1
Kurvka Humboldt .t ' Mar. .1
«'o«»i Hny. ... Ban Pedro As Way Port* Mar. 3
M. Dollar.... Hun i'cilro Mar. 4
Edith.. 1 . Seattle Max. 4
Alnmeda Honolulu ..iM.tr. 4
Hnnlta Newport A Way Port*.. I Mar. 4
Mackinaw... Tacoma Mar. 4
1*1*. ......... Seattle Mar. R
Crescent City Creacent City ". . Mar. B
Homona. . .... Humboldt ' Mar. I!
8. Monica.... gan Pedro Mar. 0
North Fork.. Humboldt V. Mar.. 8
O; W. Elder. Portland A Astoria .... Mar. A
Spokane..... San Diego A Way Ports. Mar. 0
Curacno Arrives From Mexico.
Tlin Pacific Coast 8tenninhlp Company'*
Curacao arrived yeslerdny morning from
Ounymns, two dnyH Into, having been dc
tnlned ulong the const by bad weather.
She had forty-two pntsnengers und a largo
cargo. The latter Included gold and'sil
ver bullion valued at more than $700,001.
The Curnrao got th« full bencllt of Sat
unmy nlKht's Btorm. Cnptnln Paulson
calM It "n good KtlfT breeze"; Pur««r
Campbell Bald, '.Yes. pretty rough lait
Anniven.
i Sunday, March 3. ' ,
litmr Oeo Loomln.f Hrldsiett, SO hours from
Wnturn. ' • •'¦ ¦
Htmr Hcotln, Wnlvls;, IB hours from Downim
t.mniitik'; returned In bHllmt, too rouiih m
loed.
Htmr Nuilunni-ciiy, Joluuon,. 16 hours from
Port Mnu'». * /
Hlmr l'ulton, Levlaon, 4S lioura from Ban
Pedro. ¦ . /
Htmr Cntumlila, l">orfln. M% hours from
rmiliiiiil, vln Arloilu lll"'j hours,
Hitnr fjtiK'ni. Hull, from Vlctnrla. ete.
Htmr Curnraft, I'rtulurn, 13 days from Guny
inim, vln Kimrnndn il ilnyi«.
Htmr Htnifl of California, Thomon, ,40.hourt
from Bun Dlrgu.
Htmr Minpuin, Kirk wood B dnys from, Na
niilinr). vln ll'iyul llnndn 4 day*.
Btmr l'hopnlx, < tain ml, 17 hour* from Mon
doclnn.
Htmr ' Lurlln, Olurn, 14 hours from Hawen*
LnndlnK. In ballnxt; loo rotieh. to lond.
Htmr Alcazar, Martin, 20 hours from Green
wood.
Htmr Ilnnort Dollnr, Johnson, 7U days from
I'ort Hadlock. , ...
Stmr Ulrsv, Bwaniion, 24 hour* from Mo**
Landlns.
Ur utmr Coptic, Hinder, 20 days' IB hours
nnd 02 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama
K> dayn 18 hours and 4."l mlnutm, via Hono
lulu .*. dnys 21 hours nnd 51 minutes. ' '
' Ship Kcllinsr, Luriion, i!U day* from Tncomu.
Shipping Intelligence.
The pilot- boat Lady 'Mine had a hair
breadth escape on Saturday evening, and
but for a providential change of wind,
would have been ground to fragments on
the rocks of Point Bonita. She was wait-
Ing on the bar to take Pilot Steve Castle,
from the/ transport Meade. Just as the
dingey was about, to be launched, a ter
rific squall struck the boat, smashing and
carrying nway tho main boom and leav-
Ing the vessel temporarily helpless.
As tha boom cracked, rip went Jib and
foresail and away under bare poles went
the I.ady Mine.' The Meade. continued her
voyage, taking Captain Castle with her.
Unless the Meade meets an Incoming
steamer, tho pilot will be taken to Hono
lulu, there to await a homeward-bound
llnor.
Th*»r« wnm no pilot on tho L>ady Mine,
j"'jt boatkeeper and crew wr-re well skilled
in the ways of tho deep and a new jib
nn<\ foresail w«*ro i»oon bent nnd holntmii
Thry luid not been «rt,more than a fow
minute^, however, when another s,<iuull
Llnw i*ir new i.uIIm into rllibon*. .
Tlwutorin then took rhnrRi' of thn 'pilot
iv/it. iind, IiHiilrw* to chiingti h««r rotirsp,
thnn«» nhotird htinK on nnd wntcned th««ir
. ynchttlke rrnft hnlng nwlrlcd toward Point
Hnnlta. Thry wrrn within n vr>ry tow
yurrtN of tha brrftkrm whrn, RUddonly nn
thn first » 'iMuli hud hit them, "the wind
vcrrcrt rlKht nrntitid «nd blew them -out
to Ken. Tha hiuly Mlno nune Into port
ycetorduy morning nnd will remain In tho
linrhnr until her Injurlcu huvo been re
paired.
Lady Mine's Close Call.
Wiener. Master C. Wiener, Master F. Wlsner,
Miss M. Wlsner, Y. Kokota, Mrs. Y. Kokota
and G. W. Noel.
Cnptaln J. H. Bennett and wife; J. H.
Scott and wife, Mitu A. Illnk. Ml** C. A.
Moulten, J. J, McCann, 'J, C. atllan, F. W.
Gill, Leon von Ilosenberc, J. V, irwln, J.
Urollett, William Klllott, Mir* J. ArmRtrbng.
Dr. E. B. Hick*, H. Wolff, J, Llchtlu, 15. d%
la Vltri and Augutt Fort.
night, nothing to speak about, though";
the passengers were divided on the sub
ject; J. H. Scott, former Tax Collector,
who, with Mrs. Scott, has'been In Mexico
picking up the beginnings of a museum,
said it was a combination earthquake and
hurricane on the continuous performance
plan. Scott declares that the Curacao
turned completely over several times.
Other passengers think they rode homo
on a typhoon" and all Joined In thankful
ness when the quarantine officer, after an
Ineffectual Beareh for Mexican distemper,
said, "You can land now, but It's not my
fault."
Tho Curacao brought cabin passengers
as follows:
"-Schr Newark. Panzer, 14. hours from Bow
ens Landing, in ballast; too rough to load."
r : SAILED. . ... .
¦ Sunday, March 2.
Stmr Spokane." Alexander, for San Diego.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nicholson, for southern
const. '.•'»< / .
Stmr C G Lindaur, Allen/ for Grays Har
bor.
Stmr Queen, Hall,' for Victoria, , etc. •
Stmr Newburu, Peterson, for < Grays Hnr
' TELKQRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO8, March 2, l<f p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 20 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Per Br *tmr Coutlc, Feb 25. lot 24 38 N.
Ion 1B3 88 \V— Bchr Mary Podge, from Hono
lulu,, for Eureka.
. MISCELLANEOUS.
Tug Sea. Prince report* *t«rn wheo: iteamer
City of Btockton ashore at Point Pinole.
Jlp bark Inverelyd* fouled the Br ihlp Mont-
Borneryvhlre, anchored off Alcatrai, 'And car*
Had away tru»» of mala yard of -Montgomery'
'shiro, causing yard.- to fall on rail, carrying
away part of rail and do|nn other slight dam
og»\ ' i • •• '¦•¦¦¦- ,
Two acow nehooneri are ashore on Lime
Point, rear the Government reservation.
At tea, Deo IB, on bonrd U H mmr Alex
ander, IT Cox, wi'eond otrirpr, j ,<
POUT LUr»r.OW— Hnlled MflH'hl— Bchr An
nie M, t'liuiuiii'll, for Hun I'Viiiii'Ihi'ii, . • ¦
AHTOltlA-,— Arrived Mnrrh 2-IIr »hb Agnes
Oswnld. from Newcastle, Aim; Vr bnrk V*ml«a
not itrrlvpd yet.
l'OHT. TOWN8I3ND— Arrived March a— Bchr
C It M^rchunt, henco Jon 31, for Port Gam
bia; ¦ ttt'hr ¦ Inca, from Honolulu: • »chr M . K
Wood, from (luiiynmit: l-Ui n Itetrlcvcr, from
Bun l'rdro. ' . .
Hnlled Murch 2— Hrhr Munllft, for Takuj bnrk
I'rut'Kln, for Bun FrftmHaco.
H1CATTLW— Arrived Mnroh 2— Btmr Fnrnl-
Inn, from Bkaitwny; stmr Chn* Nelaon, lienco
Fch 2(J. . • ..• •
Hnllioi March 2— Stmr Cottasre City, for
Rliltn. • . , •
BAN 1'HDnO— Arrived March 1— Schr
Coiumbla. from Dallard: stmr Coos Hay,? from
Hnn Francisco: stmr Chchalls, from Grays
HnrtxMV . •"
Hnllril March 1— Stmr Coos Bay, for San
•Frnnclsco. - •
» Arrived ¦ March 2 — Btmr Bonlto, hence 'Feb
27:>ntmr Santa Monica, , hence. Feb 27.
, Railed, March 2— Btmr Bonlta, for San Fran*
cl*co.f — ' • • ' / ' . •
HAN DIEGO— Sailed March 2— Schr Maggie
C Uuss. for. Coos 'Uay ;
J. K. Andrrmn. Mr*. J. V. Andor»on, C. n.
Itr-rnord, Mi--, r. n. iiiidw.ii and two rtill*
«lrrn. ftpv. 13. U. ObMwpII, A. J. Charpy. >-)»••«
i"nant t. Colin, Major Kvprclt, L<ouIm V\wYi*r,
Mr*. I'mfl, J. V. tJrprrulofii Jr., V. Orund
umnn, Mm. M. II. Hnulry, MIkx H»-lm Ihiw
l*y. LlPUfrnntit M. llrRolbarh^. MIm M. <».
.Irrd'.lnr. Ml' i A. Kii!i|>i>. Joli'i T. M.'i<'L<'»il,
O. Moller. Mm. O. Miller. <1. J. Morrison.
Mm. «. J. Mnrrlxon, H. II. Wriitht. Inn It.
Miit.n.. Mrs. II. 1". f-:, nl».rn. II. KheMrtv, II.
<J. Blinon, Mr*. }l. a. KJmon. XV. F. ateven
ron, Mr*. XV. K. Htcvensun, VV. O. Rteveniion,
nev. W. r. Rhlfld*. I'.thpl Trll'p, Mlci Mabel
N. Trlbp, Mm. J. S. \»j, Bur^n andmald,
Frank W. Wakeflcld, Min M, Wilson, Mr*, o.
The Occidental and Oriental steamship
Coptic arrived yesterday from the Orient
two days ahead of time and having to
her credit the quickest passage ever made
between Yokohama an( j Honolulu by a
White Star 6teamship. The Coptic left
Honolulu February 24 and encountered
fine weather almost throughout the trip.
Among the Coptic's passengers was Mrs.
J. 6. Van Durcn, wife of the company's
agent at Hongkong. Mrs. Van Buren Is
en invalid and comes here for medical
treatment. She was removed from the
ttcamship In an ambulance.
The Coptic brlngskword of the approach'
Ing departure from Yokohama of 'ex-
Captain Strong and Lady Francis Hope.
They are scheduled to leave on March 8
for more 'congenial climea, with Kngl&nd
6* an ultimate destination and India on»
of ii..- calling place*. L<ady Francis Hop?,
bcttrr known aa May Yohe, now declares,
a* hfr reoeon for leaving I^ord Hor« that
rh* wa» tir<i of supporting him. 8tronB
and 1 ho h< tn-s» «r« living luxuriously and
appurrntly have plenty money. Tbey ate
not rcr«-iv<d nnywher**, but urem »o bo
hupfiy t"K<ihtr. «'iipniln Stronu df-n!*»
ttn I* aurfr-rlng from panels, and Hhoitly
bftoTt \ht> <-'oi>tio railed had thrcotcned
to iihont th<< <ft rk of a rommlsflon hound
who w-iK < i.'Mi.ii by Hlrontr with rlrcu.
luting H ntnry to that rffrrrr
Thf< Coptic mn<)f> ii rrrord trip nr-tw^en
Ydk'.hnm* nnd Ifonoinlu. Hfr llmt* wan
I* dnyn, 2 houm nnd S7 mlnutMt, Mid tho
<1a||y rtina wrn»: February 1". 57°; l*"* 1^*
runrv J7. 377» Frbrunry 1M, 3S0; FHirunry
31*. iili Krbrtmry 20, 300; Fcbrunry 21, Sfff:
ivi.rn.iry QL km; February 23, 312, and
Frbrunry Tff !JCd,
Rhf brotiBht cabin nnsscnccrii «« fol
low*:
United States Coast- and ' Oeodetio Survey—
¦Times and I{elg;hts.of HIkIi and !/iw
Water* at Fort Point, entrance to ¦ San
Francisco Bay. -PubllKhed by ' official au
f thorltyof the Bupeirlntendent."
, :NOTE — The. high and low .water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
Sun, Moon and Tide.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 3— Stmr Ta
Bretnur.e, fromHavrn; utmr Trave, 'from
Ui'iioii. Nnnlr nnd illbrnltnr; stmr Umbrla,
from Liverpool and Qu<>en*town. -
ACAPUliCO— EJnllpd March 1—Chll itmr Ta*
lenn, for Bun Franclttco.
* OCKAN 8TKAMER8. , V
I'onKiaN roiir.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb t7— H n M eral*
er Phaeton. 21 days from Ban Francisco; -U 8
transport Grant. 0 days from Ban FraneUco;
Feb io_u a collier Alexander. 71 day* from
Norfolk; Am brlB Tonnsr, £5 days from Ban
FrnnelNco: Au«t itmr Marxherlta, from Port
land, for conlj .Feb 22— Am «hlp Mary I.
Cunning, 07 days from Newcastle, Au*; Feb 2a
—Mmr AluniMla, 7 day* in hmirn from San
Kmiu'lffo; mmr Porle, 7 day* 17 hour* from
Him KriinrlMiNi; mmr Coptic, from tha Orient.
Hnticd— Keli 17— Btmr Moulin, for tha colo
nies; U B lrnn»port Pnlnr*. for Pan Francisco;
j!>b Ifu-Am Imrlc Alrlen H*»m», for Ban Fran*
Cisco: 1'i'it SO— Onr *hln Mario Haokf»lil, for
Man I"iuii>'Ix.'ii: I! ti trnn*port Grant, for Mn
nlln: Am ¦ bark Cnrroltnn, for Tncama; Am
nrhr Uelpne, for Han Kmnoisen; Feb SI— Am
hark Mini* of Hcnffttl, for 8nn Krnnelpeoj I'Vli
as— Aunt Bimr, Mnrshrrltit. for NaRa*akl and
Mtinlln; Hfhr Himna »M,hii1Imii, for Fannlngi
inlntiil: Kelt ".'i---Htinr iK.rli*. for the Orient.
ICMIItHM-Hnllnl KpI. 2U— HchrJaa llolph
an<l bark K.Iwmi.1 May, for Hnn Kranaiaeo.' .
. ll!LO-H«1lP(l I'Vli 11— Hclir AlUn A, .the
Pusei Honnrt. ¦ ' '
MAlllJKoNA— Arrived Feb IS— Schr Motha
NoUon, from Newrnstle, Au«.
ISLAND T0RT8.
. VENTURA— Sailed March 1— Stmr : Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Inward bound March 2 — Stmr
Tltanla. «honce Keb 1'7. for Nanalmo: stmr
Pleiades, hence- Feb 27? for Seattle: schr Susie
M riummer. from Makaweil, for Port Blake
ley; shin St Paul, from Manila, for Puget
Sound. • •
Outwnrd bound March 2— Bk Prussia, for
San Franclico; nchr Manila, from Port Blake
ly, for Taku: schr Annie M Campbell, from
Port Ludlow, f6r San. Francisco; *chr Eric,
from Tocoma. for Port Ansrele*.
Sailed March 2 — Ship America, from San
Frcnclsco, for Seattle; eh]j> Oriental, /rom
Ojeter Harbor, for San Francisco.
COPTIC BREAKS RECORD IN PASSAGE FROM YOKOHAMA TO HONOLULU
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Holnt;
the height of tide U-the same at both places.
San Pedro . • . . i Grays Harbor rrrSTar. T
Rainier Seattle A New Whatcom Mar. 7
City Puebia. . | Puget Sound Porta .... Mar. x
Palena Valparaiso A Way Pts. Mar. 8
Argyll. ...... New York via Panama. Mar. »
Ventura Sydney *; Way Ports... Mar. 10
Newport Panama A Way Port*... Mar. 1<l i
Amer. Maru.. China A Japan . ,. Mar. It
Columbia. ... I Portland & Astoria .... Mar. 11
Queen Pu«et Sound Port* Mar. 1.1
point Arena.. i Point Arena Mar. 13
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ] Destination. | Sails. Pier.
Marvli 3.
Uqua. Ilumboliit 2 pin Plsr
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor ....12 m Pier %
Pomona.... liumnoldt ......... I :-S0 p *'.„»¦ „
.Miirch 4.
,Coo» Bay.. Ban Pedro * Way.. 0 am PUr if
M. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 6 pro PUr I
Santa Ana. 8«attls * Taconw, .. 10 am fUr
phoenix.... MewJoetno City.... X pmPttr 1.1
AUlancV... Portland * Way... 10 am PUr 10
Emplr..... Coo* Bay 13 m PUr u
Columbia. . Aitori* A Portland U am <>. •*.
nival Wlllap* Harbor ... 8 pm Pl«r 1
AfC»U..... Coot b. A YU Orfd 13 m PUr U
Euroka.... Huroboldt 9 am PUr U
Maucal.. . «*n DU«o 4 Way.. 9 am PUr 1 1
I'tru China * Japan.... 1 pm PU3I
. March «».
J. Klmbali. so:tttu * Tacnma.. 10 am Pi«r a
March T. ¦ « •. -
nenlta.....' Newport * WayPti » am Pl*r 11
Curacao.... Mcvtcan Porta .... 10 am Pi«r 11
L'maillla... t'us»t Bound Port*. 11 am PUr 0
« ,M nroli 8.
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena. ...... 3 pm PUr '9
1st* Hamburg- * Way.. ...... n-r to
Httn Jon«... Panama * Way Pu 13 m PUM
Alnmeila... Honolulu 3 pm PUr 1
March 0. • • •
0. W. Eld«t Antorla * Portland II amiPUt 3*
North Fork llui»Mii» 0 am* PUr J
March 13. ' |
T'nlTirt ValpnrnUn A Way.. 13 miPier 10
MandiUay.. Coqulll* lilv»r .... to am Pl«r 3
city rufhia puKft Sound Ports M am PUr »
Rainier., sr Heattl* h S, Whnt. 6 pm PKr 3
March 13.
Coptic China & Japan I pm|PM83
~™"~~ FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. I 8alU.
Farallon SkasVsy & Way Port*. Mar. 4
Dolphin Rkairway A Way Port*. Mar. «
Bertha Cook* Inlet A Way Pt*. Mar. 7
R. Thompeon. Cook* Inlet A Way Pt*. Mar. 15
Mom* City... Cooks Inlet A Way PU. Mar. 1.1
Within two years Mr. Patto
sien expects to see the volume of
business roll up to the $1,000,000
mark.
being so situated as to handle
goods direct from the c^ars, the
Pattosien, Company has another
undoubted advantage over the
high-priced downtown stores. It
effects an 'enormous saving in
rent that allows it to make very
material reductions in prices on
every line of furniture it carries.
And it is these reductions that
have gained for the company its
chief fame and caused buyers
from every section of the State to
go out to the Mission and do
their buying, for they are certain
to find not only the lowest prices
ever known, but the largest and
grandest exposition of furniture
and all household articles ever
gathered under one roof in the
West. And it is this state of af
fairs that has made the success ot
the Pattosien Company so phe
nomenal, notwithstanding the es
tablishment of one or more big
furniture stores on Market street.
The new store at Palo Alto that Is de
signed to afford easy buying for people of
the great Santa Clara Valley at strictly San
Francisco prlces-^that is Pattoslcn'8 un
rivaled low prices.
The Store 1 hat Has Made the Mission Famous,
5
The new and com
modious Warerooms
of the Pattosien Com
pany at 16th and Har
rison streets, almost
adjoining the big Mis
sion store.. 1 '. . . ¦ f .
NOTED . PIGEON . SHOTS AS
THEY APPEARED YESTER
DAY AT INGLJeSIDE \ TRAPS.
NATIONALH, IlATTEniKH Jt AND O.
v ¦ . ¦ 'f ¦
An unusually large number of marks
men were present yesterday at Shell
Mound rllle range.- Weather conditions
were favorable and the scores on the
whole were exceptionally good. The Na
tional Guardsmen, in particular show< a
marked improvement over their' work of
last year. The Norddeutscher Schuetzen
Club held Its annual opening contests yes
terday: Aftrr the ahoot, for wjileh eight
een prizes were awarded, the club mem
bers were entertained at a banuuet .by
Captain Blebe, proprietor of. the park. \
The organizations present for regular
monthly medal or bullseyo shoots were
Companies E arid F. First Infantry, and
Batteries B and C. First Artillery. Na
tional Guard of California; Shell Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club, Independent Rltics
Deutacher Krlcger Vereln and the Oak
land Turner, Rifle Club.'
The day's; scores are as follows:
Norddeuucher Schuctzen Club, annual oprn
lng rirlie »hoot— H.- Hub. r. 78; A. Btreckei\ 74;
P. I! Ma»on. 74; J. Oefken, 74; A, aehretA7a;
C. M. Ilejidertnn, 7!l; K. V. SchUHter, Til A.
Thlerbarh. 72; W. K. narnc». 71; A. II, I'Xpe,
71; I). II. Fuktor, 71; K. C. Rum, 70; 11. Mey
er, 7(i; J. UUchlg C»; J. df Wit, 0.1; Captain
John Thode, 67; 1\ Jacnbi, 61; N. Ahreiu, 60
i.'umi.iiiiy i:, j'ii>,t Infantry, National Ouard
of California, monthly medal ¦hoot^Ca|italn
J. II. Jordan UU; Htrgeant J, C. Urady, W,
Hergpant h. Krffr. 41; Hergeant K. - Finnesan,
SH; Hrrifeant «¦•«¦- 1 ¦ 1 1 Cardiff, 43; Corparal
i:«Ik. TJ; Corporal Tully, U4; Corporal Ken
n«-4y Sl»; Corporal J'liuih.m, 20; I., llrown, Uuj
\V, Cormnck, 30; J, Kr^eman. 27; T, Uwyer,
14; Y. HaeufbreiKk, 12: T. urnsan, .'J4: M.
O'hellly, 2Sj J, VWwtnM, 17: 8, Nle-Ulrt. JO;
M. Marlowe, 111 U, W, Irrfan, 14; 1. Htodolxkl,
i.i. 3. Hurley, .'14; i, Witkorf, Vt\.V, Kln«, Vi\
3. Kt-iciKMii ]t«; <;, I'miiUou Jr., 21; J. A.
Hmlth. 14: A. i;. listener, 4; M, Iluttchfr, 2,
Company t-\ iii>i Infantry, N'Atlonal Ouard
of California, monthly nn-.ini shoot— Captain
J. V. KK»-rii, .17; Lieutenant II. U, Htlndl, 4tl;
M«rir*-ant J. Kp*-non. 4a j Morgesnt 8, ltey, Jl7i
h.-»»;.-mii» A, U. lirown, A4; H.i^rnnt a, Mry.
.k. :¦%; i'vi|...|iil K, M. nt'^l'"''. •"•; < '"» j.i.rnt
C. ChM>l«r, .'17: Cornornl W. tliinn, 27; Cor
jinrnl A. I'MIHim. [Vi; O. Ilurknor, 17; C. 1 Ja
rnbu. :¦•>; M. WbIIh.Ih, 20; H I'.r.ulilti", ill!
(I, Mill-r 2Oi U l.rv. v, in; O, U'iiiimiiik, 20;
M. MrCall, 2Hi i, K*rmn4p t 2.1; \V. l)«vl». 20{
V Hull. mi. li>! II. li'.li-lly, 22; W, Kn-m.Ml.,
33; r. ciiiidfJu.hn. i'ii.
the Shell Mound
Range.
. -ft- '
Good Scores Made atf
GUARDSMEN SHOW
MARKED SKILL
. kbw wr.wnmH iiotkl.
I, 3 Hrteiten * w. Har A Opm, MunUrm '
ft V lyleh, N II Minn A Cm-M, Munt
\V I'UMlny, At)«rl 1*14 0 II H«yj, Hun JlfifnH
II KtM>nin« A <1. Wn»|. i Miioirnn A W, ('n|
It It l!"l>!'i*- Ii. II' nil I" -I Mlllmy, lOllrMOn
A UprvfU. At<md. nr v, v, Artinld, ««d|
i; A I'Ufrll. ISiirrfcA 1' J <»'N«»JI, Vultcjo
T M HbfllthnrtiP. On I ill O Kithy. «_'hlr agn
t n l«iti(«"lceii, orcimn J » Nnodwirll, MufTalo
O A Johnson, oiw* J
HOTEL AEEIVALfl.
Trunk". Vnll»r». Triivflln« flHs, Pocket,
tiooks, '¦.-in. in » and nil kinds of flno
iffiftirr Boodn, loitered fre«» of chare*
Tim li«->«t k'»«kJ«i «nd WMilxfar-tory i.ii..r>
Hmiborn, V r nll & ('n,, 741 Mwrket H tf««t, •
DreeB«Sult Caiei,
The plcnlr season nt Shell Mound Park
opened yesterday under very favorable
conditions. Th* weather during the after
noon wn« mild and pleanant nnd the at
tendance was large. Special trains were
run between -the. mole and th« grounds
hnlf-hourly during the afu-rnoon.
Two band* nnd nn orcheatrn were pr«»s
riit to furnlHh music for the gucNt*. lloth
pavilions were crowded with daneer* from
noon until twilight. Captain Slebe, the
pcpular proprietor of fh« park.' had nr
rangf'd games, atlnetlc contents and other
nm imcmen I*. «o thnt nil were afforded
amp)* opportunity to enjoy themnHven',
Tho outing was tf-ndcred by 'Cnptnln
Hlcli«> to bin friends and wus strictly Invl
tnttoiinl. iCvervhody present voted tho Oc
eanian m. mom . 1. j-..% u 1.1.- Anr,
PICNIC SEASON OPENS
AT SHELL MOITNJD PABK
In plnglcr the bc*t match of the day was
playrd between George Whitney and
Frank Mitchell. The former won two eet*
10 one.. Charlcn Kuehn defeated Herman
I'nwcrn. The »core wan 0-6, 6-3, 7-5.
Mr. Coffey, an cnthuRlast, has offered
prises for a tournament for tho Juvenile
players in the park. Matches played dur
ing the week resulted as follows: Roy
Page bent C. Rnrts, '6-3: J. Dodge beat 1$
McFnrland (15>. 6-2; Orimn beat Marr. 6-4:
II. Ssundcrs beat Jj. Hamilton, 6-2; La
• Jarde iical Hallcrln, 6-3, and Casscll beat
IJtierickr, C-4.
In double*. Harold Crowell nnd l^rank
Mil 1 lull won from Sherwood Adams and
tJrant Hmlth, The score, was in.«. 0,3, 4-fl.
Frank Ftrltigham and Oeorge Whlpple tied
Chnrleh Kuehn nnd Herman Towers. The
*core was 7-5. 5-7. Al Kcnyon and Clyde
B«»ai beat Dr. Noble and A.. Duncan. 7-5.
H. Itolfe nnd Duncan beat Deal and Ken
yon, s-fi. Kcnyon and Holfc tied Code and
Duncan. 6-1. 4-G.
Jn the ftctnl-flnni round Ilrown nllowed
o<ld« of "half tlilriy" to lltrbert Schmidt,
ntid wiin In ctralRht »<eti«. The nrore was
7-6. G-3. In the other match of the *ernl
ftnnln Collier won from Bldney Hallnbury
by default. Karh of these four players
received a nilvrr cup.
Other mntchcM played resulted as fol
lu%vfi:
vF"r««l lirown, th« rrwck tennis player
from the t'nlv«-r»>lty of California, won the
California Club's handicap .-inuirp tournA
1111 :.i tGMtCF&»f. Hi* opponent In tht> final
wn* \V. Ji, <*olllrr, nnd their match wrk
thn mnM stubbornly contented of the year.
I ." !, I: M| 1.. M |, I, I I,,' (it)Ur >Mil f 111 1 (Itlf Illl -
BMffli piny on the club courts nnd thiH
tnutrh ei'ttlcd the qurnlloti of ruprrmary
l»«-twMii thnn, Tho tiooro 1 iniWK they nre
•Vrnly mntiheil— 6-7, C«2, 0-fi, C-2, 12-1".
Lruwu'n victury whm n popular nnd well
rarmil <me. Colllir weni into the mutch
perfictly frrHi While hit. tippunctit hud to
piny a mutcli jirevlounly,
In tli«! Urci tit Uruwn ntnrled well and
Viioii li:»<] the (leort- &•• In hl» fnvor. At
thlif 1'Ihb<» of the 1 inn.- It xeemeil In? could
"nut help wImiiuik tbe set, but ('olllrr hunn;
on wlih 1 ¦ 1 im determination and took
the 1 >¦ 1 (Ivc eanns itttalght. Tln« second
m<i «cnt to Iirown timidity, In thn third
wl Collier played' hi* beM tennU, winning
by a retire of iUn. J|e, however, nct?mt-3
tired from htn effort, for he lout thn next
uct with only two frame* to hln credit.
in the iiiih and unul 1 • t tho real strug
el«« commenced nnd proved n battle royul.
Am uruuI lirown wan within a point of
the mutch on several occaHloim, but his
oppoii'-nt wnuld get the neecKwary point
and even matters up. Finally by a well
placed nhort volley ISrown put an end to
the struggle.
Win,- the Handicap Singles Tourna
ment At Caiifornin Club CourU. ; ..'
. Matches In the Park.
1 JILD DUOWN DEFEATS
COLLIER AT TENNIS
&i.ss I i.iw in >-•¦ arm nnd side were con
sldernbly bruised, as she struck heavily
nyu.'.:: \ the granite curbing when her as
t-'uilant threw her down, fane is unable to
lurnieh an accurate description of th*
robU r, ns not more than a minute passed
from the time she waa nttacked until as
sistance reached her. The assault on
MiRH l'<i\\ui-f- 1h the t.lnril that has oc
curr«"i In the Mission tiistrlrt within the
last ft-w Wfckn. It is bdlevtd by the po
lice tlmt ihe robber knew where Mlts
Dow run Ih employed and thought that she
liiul ber salary with her, it Ulns the 1st
of the month. The telephone company,
however, docs not pay ita employes until
later in the mo»tJf». .-..
MIps Mojito r>nwncs. n telephone oper
ator <ni|ili'i>ed In tho ntutlun at !13» Ml»«
nlon street, wnn uttiu-Urd Hnturday n'glit
liy 11 «!<»<p«'iato nml tliuliiK footjm<1.- who
was frlRhlcncd off, however, Lefdn? ho
l»r porkilbook. Ml«« Uowncs
left the ofllco ihortly after 9 o'clock to
nturn to lur hntno on ICIIzabrth street,
near San Jnup avenue. lt,wnn bluwlrg
and mining heavily nt tho time, nnd «he
rtitrd-d up the went kUc of Klghtccnth
nrc<t, hoping thnt the house* would part
ly Khlcld her from the utorm. When nho
i-i at-lu-il the rriifntlns; of San Tnrlos avc
titip .1 y^uns man wearing; a long over
coat nnd with his but drawn down over
hln oyes rpranff out from the shudow of
a building utid durllnK under tho umbrel
la Khr was linldlnK over her head tried to
flap hi* bund OVej her mnuth to prevent
her miiklnK nn outcry. Miss Downn ruvb
11 utartlrd cry for hi-lp. nnd the despcrnto
lclliiw then HtttmpU-d to throttle hur. Bh»;
dropped her umbrella to light him off ns
Ixst «h<> rould with her rmht hand, and
cnntlnued.*trrumlng for help. The robber
then throw hl» nrm uround her waist nnd
¦ jiiu !•: !>¦ rnn his band over ber JacKet
norlut. Blie was carrying lur pucket
book In her left hand, however, unu in thy
hurry, of the search Ihe footpad did not
m It.
Two younR men who were on tb<« corner
ot Mission and Eighteenth streets waiting
for u tar heard the prrennis for help and
r:tn to the nsmlntanee of^ MifB Uowncs.
Tho r«)bl/er. hearing their foatsteps above
the howling of the storm,' threw his vic
tim into the gutterway and disappeared in
tin* darkness along San Carius avenue.
Two policemen arrived nbout the Fame
time us the citizens who heard Miss
Downed' scrramc. but tin- footpad was
tb< n out of right. Tho people living In
the house in front of which the assault
took place invited MIks Downcn, who was
becoming hysterical, to rest with them
until her friends could lie notified. She
declined the Invitation arid asktd to be.
taken to the telephone- office on Mission
Mreet, between Heventecnth nnd K ght
nnth streets. The policemen escorted
her there and then notified the sergeant
In c-hnrgp of the Seventeenth-street police;
stntiun of the attempted robbery. Several
jjolic-irmn were , pent out in citlztns'
clothes to Fcour the neighborhood, but
they were unable to find uny trace of the
robber.
Deoporato" Footpad Huuo Off
Whoa Ho Hoars Citizens
Approaching.
Mtoa Molllo Downos tho
Victim of a Daring
Assault.
ROBBER ATTACKS
TELEPHONE GIRL
CALIFORNIA WING-SHOOTING CLUB OPENS THE SEASON AT INGLESDE TRAPS
CHINESE WOMEN
HAVE WILD RIDE
Drivor Falls From Seat
of a Hack Contain
ing Thorn.
• * .
Ono Jumps and Anothor la
Thrown Out When Horooa
Hun Away.
Pour Chlnc*o women and a baby nar*
rowly escaped death yesterduy afternoon
In a runaway on Ellis street* They weru
BOBBERS THROW THEIR
V,; ' VICTIM INTO THE BAY
¦Ik-Iiuv driven to 11 funeral In a huck und
tho driver, who wus Intoxicated, beat hi i
anlmnls until they wero beyond hla con
trol. Then he fell off and the horses
plunged on by themselves the hack sway
ing and bouncing behind them. Ono ut
the women, Qunng Sn.-.v. Jumped -ns thu
hiii-lt pitched und keeled nnd was Hcrlounty
Injured. .Another wnn thrown from tho
vehicles nnd cut about tho head. Thn
others wrro badly shaken up, but suffered
from nothing more than fright.
Tho driver of. the huck. Thomas SUck,
nfter falling from-hlM nout, was nm over
by a currlago coming up behind and lay
ns if stunned. Jfo received minor brulsoa
only, however, und was treated ut th»
Centrni Emergency linnpltal. Later ha
wus lucked up on a churgo of drunken*
ncs.i. • ~
Btnck wn» engaged to drlva tho party
of Mongolians to u funnrtil nl was ln«
toxlcated when ho started. yHo turned
Into Oenry street from Kearney, nnd.
lushing lit* huri.'s int. 1 a run. attracted
attention by tho .high rate of speed at
which he aped along.* When ho turned
into .Van Ness avenue ho continued to
beat'hls horses, despite tho fact that they
were already beyond his control. Near
Ellis street he Jell from the seat and the
horses turned on a run down Hills. Just
below Larkln the first Chinese woman
Jumped to the ground, cutting her facia
and possibly sustaining Internal tnjurlca
A short distance below tho second woman
was thrown out. At Hydo street one of
the rear wheels of the hack was torn
off by a car track and the horses stopped.
Trio of Desperate Thugs Commit
Bold. Crime on the Water
;0, Front. ' •
Andrew Wallln, a youngr coppersmith in
thp employ of Sanders & Co.'s Copper
Works at 300 Howard street, was held ap
and robbed early yesterday morning on
the water front by three men. who, after
relieving their victim of hla valuables,
threw him into the bay.
Wnllln swam ashore and reported tha
matter to the Southern police station. He
told a straightforward story, and that he
had been for some time in the waters of
the bay his condition plainly Indicated.
Walltn admitted having had several
drinks during the evening and -that" he
was wandering about the streets adjacent
to th© wharves. lie claims to have no
distinct- recollection of where he was
when he wag robbed, but Maya that he re
membera plainly that three men set upon
him. One of them, a powerful man, ha
says, struck him In the eye and then
choked him. During tho struggle his aa
satlants took Jl.s In coin and a watch and
chain from him. After rolluvlns him of
these 'the man who hnd hold of him
forced him toward the buy and threw him
overboard. As he waa falling he grabbed
hi* as»ailiint by the collar nnd together
both men fell into the witter. Tho com*
panlons of tha robber raujrht their friend
and pulled him out. Watlin claim* thnt
for twenty minutes he swam about and
finally found n landing plnre under tha
whatf. On reaching nbora Wnllln told hi*
ftorjT to tt watchmun he met, but wan
Ittughed tit.
Wnllln wotiffiit the pflllc© Ptatlon, whert*
he told nlit nmii, 1. -.-< nnd wan n.-tu to the
Central KmnrKency lloMnltuI for tr.-ut .
ment. After hnvlna; n Inrernted wound
over the ey© dressod ttnd bc»lns flvenNomn
itlmulant* ho wits put to bed. Wuilln
claims Unit ho enn Identify hi ¦ asaaitunts.
Large Attendance of Exports at the
FLYGAQTEHS FEBTORH
WITH HOD AND TACKLE
Club Conteats on Stow Lake,
Golden Onto Park.
Thfl members of Hun Francisco Fly
casting Club ln'i.l tho second of their
series of contests yesterday at Blow
I/;ikf, Ooldcn Onto Park. Tho weather
was not nltoirQther favorable, although
excellent score* were mado. Th« scorus
in detail follow:
g > Delicacy. g»
5 e mo m£ •' 0
NAMD ? i 1? IS 8 I
Halght, F M 97 HfCi T!TT T!~ .;" • '
llattu, II.... «O 80. 4 03. « 70. « m.A 7» - 9
Turner. J.... 80 IM 82.4 77.87n.ll ..
navwrkoscn . 10.1 nt.4 P.1.4 7R M.2
Kennlff, J B 110.0 8* Ut 7H.8 K1.4 032
Charles. K.. 80 80 7» 7!> 77 ....
Mocker, B A lot 88.8 87 77. « 83.3 4!) ft
Kennlff. C R 105 00 «f»,4 7.1.4 81.4 B»"
Mansfield. W .... 88.8 00.4STi.10 01 0(2
Rrotherton . 110 87.8 82.4 73.4 77.10 oiia
made. A M. 85 8S.8 72 e«.8 6».4 ..
Oolchpr, IT C 12.1 8!). 8 »4 77. « IWl.n .
Klerulff. W J 78 73.8 70.3 73.10 77.7 ..
Klerulff, T C 7T 87.8 8.1.8 fi.H.4 7T
Heller, 8 A 88 87.8 M.4 78.4SO.10 80 1
Grant, C F. 115 85^ 87.4 78.4 83.10 ....
The new Austrian Government bill for
regulating the conditions of labor pro
vides that no shops shall remain open
after 0 p. m.. Including overtime.
BAN ItAFAKr,, Mnrnh'2,-Tho Califor
nia HchuMzen Club an<1 Vfirnln .PJIntrucht
Bhootlng Section hftld n mrdnl slioot ut
Bchuolzcn Vnrk this nfternoon, Many
good Hcnren wero mnd<\ i>spi>clnlly In tlio
Veroln Klntrurht HhootliiK Hecllnn,' Ii.
It)chmeni«iineid<ir scorod tha nlghesi—
'M. Tho HCorcHi
Vereln.- Klnimdit flhootlng Recilnn, in«(iu|'
shoot, si'nra mh follows; (.'hamplonslilp nUis,
IS, ItlchmenHchnelder .'IN,'|; first Him*. (.', I.ik-Ii.m.
fciN.ll .'I'll; second clnss, II, Hrhwlegnr 'MM;
• lilt .1 c-lltss, VV. Ru«her 2N7; ftrst bent shoi,
W, Rusher 2t>i Inst best shot,' A. Hlroh W,
Callfnrnld. Hriiupiscn <:iuh, inwiHl sliool—
I'lrKt chnninlon fla**, K. H, Mhhoii !!21| secoiui
rlmniplon «'l»ss-'(», IliirmplKler i!2il, IMi T, J,
Carroll' 2fHI,' 20.1; «'. M, Henderson 2(ift,. 202
K II. l^dd 204, 1I»I; A. Mtihwylxr 20(1, I'll
flrnt clfls— A, Mi.i-ltrr TJH, 207; A. (Imhrft 224.
Kill; tu>e»nt\'t"\i»im—V/t IIIuhna 2'KI. 2O.-|j f), Tniti*
'iir-j'fi- 20M: M, V. IIIhahq 204, lllrf; J, Kn Iihhiiii
iW, m; V. A, Hr-humpHOtt, 178j K Woeniio
W«llt«r 207, 2071; ii, Langer im, 1DH; 0, itudi.
mullT Jr.. 1IH», 177; J. Mtrntib 187, 17fl; (V
K«K?-horn l«n. U\H; .f, llorntmunn 174, Klfl; 11,
KiihlN 174, 121; fourth ¦ clans— M, V, Har«-p
S,<>2, 18.1; f. t>. Wmlth iiwi, Kifij y. ui-.u 17a,
1C2; 11. Bcheunert KJ«. 103; C, Out 121, 107:
e«dctit-r..M. Carroll iSH, 180; It, Maycrhoffcr
101. ir.o.
At Ban Rafael Range.
Onklnnd Turner ; Rifle Club, monthly medal
shoot— II. Wlndmuller '176, H. K, Klelnen
brolch IM, A. Hchlueter 114, If, Kracko i;i(),
F, Mante 13(1, II. l'Vldmnnn M, II, Hninje
104, A, Bprln«er 102, A. SchulUe Of, C. ltd
mers US, 11. Wleklng 74,
Dcutscher Krl^eer Vereln, monthly bullieye
shoot — Prizes were won In tho following order;
X. Hllberxahn, II. Hcnnlngcr, C. Meyer, V,
Knlf.r. A. Htoll.
Deutuchcr Krleger Vereln, monthly med^l
shoot — First champion class, O. WeR^onmHnn
381; champion clas«, O. Hammer 377; first
c!a«n, John Hendcr ttSl; second class. X, Sll
beriahn :J42; third clnns, C. Meyer .T12; fourth
clasn, II. HennlnKcr 2111; Ix-ni first rhot, C
Weggenmann 22; best last shot, X. .Bllberzahn
21; motit centers, X. HllbTZHhn,
N. Vanderbllt and S. C. Dlckson held
a match shoot, both making; 46 pointa out
of a possible 50. Vanderbllt won under
the Crccdmoor rules.
It. V. Blther 30. Sergeant H. Fredcrlckoon J17,
C. Schmidt 30. H. Relnhardt .10, H. Ooetlen
Jr. 83, J. Hehlmer .11, lieutenant H. Schlieht
mann 42, O. V. Herlng; .'{", Corporal P. Schonlg
«3, 3. Donovan 2ft, J. H. Kuhlke 82, C. Oranz
."13, F. Rkowan 34, . H. HenBon 2.J, Sergeant O.
Andcrron .15. H. Kuhlka 38. \
Itlflo team (out of a posxlble 50) — C. 1*. Moll.
40; B. K. Montgomery, W; J. A. I'lnklmin,
8«; T. Wllllamnffti, 30; J. Meux, 3U; 13. M.
NuttlnB, 38; C. L.- Oorrlll, 37.
Junior team (out of a possible 100)— S, C.
Dlckson, 8(1 ; II, W, Divit, 81; A. Almlnd, 74;
II. C. Codnior, 77: R. H. Pcnnlson, 7:i; J. 11.
Wise, 72; 11. K. McPhnll. 73; K. McDoyle. 72.
niSIlKELKY. Mnrch 2,-Tho unnunl rin«
»hoot of University of California Juniors
bcRan.ycBtnrilay at Shell Mound r;uiK.-.
Tho rifle team ulbo held a practice shoot.
The tjcorcn: . /
Berkeley Students at tho Range.
First Ardl^ry, Nailonsl Guard of Callfor
nm, monthly medal shooti -,.
..' V.M.V; __Vards.~
namr. . " < zou ;»oo hoo
0, Ili-Miitui , ... I.... k. .........",. 22 .. (I
l(. Kurplnnky VI T\ I)
Corimral JSnnti 81, 11 I"
i-:. ijiumi ¦Miniiin r* (i e
A. Htil.-luif.l II I" It
K, J. Fovmy /........• «r. VI 17
w, D, Orant -•' -'' --
U. H. liarlcnu 21 .. 7
ii. 1) McDonald " '1 0
II. II. Mitchell 17 .. »
C A. Johnson W •• •"
<!, It. Clark '•" " "
j. \v. nn^ry p ,8 o
J, V. Hobt-rtKon '. 1" 11 1"
r. r. Kwich .* ,. Ji ]* rj
n, L. Harvey ..,....;. 1« 17 17
it. 11, do Kpurr ' « ¦* <|
T. M. Ollvcry ....A 21 M 2a
j:. Hprlngrr • '',5 1!
\V. Oollott * 1< ' ••
II. K. Htephf-nH , r- •« <I
E o Hudflohn •• 21 2.1 11
D! K. Kuririohn 21 22 12
• "orporal Htcwart •!• JJ \»
J. <;. ltobrrt* 2 1] l'»
c. HiniPld \* '» o
\\\ W. Thompson , " 2.T 15
J. W. Cobby j.-.. 24 >i\ 21
V. Mnyflrld J J> I 1»
R II Harlsough « ,? . V
\\*. W. Bollrrs }* 11 *
II. W. Mitchell 2a Z1 22
W. n. Hamilton 2 2 «
Corporal Flynn £f > J
H. «. Armstrong .• -20 12 5
C. J. Roodcll •• '5 Vi H
C. J. McDonald .;, » • 2.1 11 »
0. W. Fox }7 * ' £
C R. MclntoKh 1« 12, B
E. J. JMorentlno 5 o? 1
K. J/Kane 2-!' 21 «
H. Jlnrrmann • 2 ?* ii;
H J. Temple J }' 1 £
D Hopkins 2 & \
J. \V. Mttlo 2 . f 10 l j.
lieutenant- W. 8. Orgttan .*. .• V* j" S
U W. Orant • ~> \] -^
W. A. MrQullty • in J" «
A. K. Anderson \\ {J ™
Herprant \}J. Galbralth 21 IT 0
c c. de.jvoif^.^ . -j r»22ijHiLH J —
~^7e~Mo7n«l Pl»tol and Rifle Club— Klrst
clar" WK» >ar!s. twenty-five ring tarset, two
scores, trn sHots each, with rifle.
f ~~ """Trinffiecond
NAME. . i Score. Score. Total.
J. cobby ~"j?« r • \il V "li?"
tr ivrklns I' 5 '"" "81
V Cobby ............ 127 , 172 20»
V a HI hJ '. l'» >7° xn
K Klf.» . . IM l'< ( > W
U HlX '¦ 91 01 IM
II, KIHnenbrolch lM I TO '824
II |»uckh«ber ,<« . >2» 1«»
ii !'.,riff''1 1I>» ¦ M . 21.1
W. W. Thompson -^^jj »"" «"» j
flecond r!au, dfiy yards, twentv-flvo • ring
lartret; two scorts of tt>n Khots each, , with
vTm H^cond
• NAMIi. Knora. Hcora. Total.
ATlisrrim ¦ » I M ,•", ,' JM il7ft""
l)r, llr.rt Ilo?h« \W ' 80.1 im
XV. Urrnry • 1«« '»!»¦» 270
II, I'vrry (.... 171 1«» ««'l
U, WlUcm ............ '?¦" 1W» -t t !% «
14, \Vt»i">n 201 IHft flHil
1. C Hlngar. .•. !«7 102 1170 *
ll a, ....... in» . >0H, nw.
Third rldps, nfty ynrrts, (wnnty'flva ring
UrgKt i two ncorrs- <if ten shots each, with
""'•••¦' ; • ¦
I Klrst l*J*«on<] liv>;'i\\,
NAMI^ Meow. Wpor*, Total.
I^chvH»rii 122 1(WI~~W/|""
)i,. A. I'ui.iiinu ,,....,, inn mn ;tr»a
A. rmiK-'i. ins no ;mi
\\\ Kmtim »2 in i7«t
A . ' ! " « "• i .1' 21* * Mis
('.. Coht 7l» 74 IM
A ¦ }At bHFhgr __. ... . .... 140 14fl 2<»4
lGdf^etiilctlt Jlincp, moflthty tneilul .shoot—
The only ilruwlinck. If It b«s onn, to 'thn pro.
prised coursn Is that It Im dlntunt mimo hill.
way from th<i Del Montn Hotel; but It i-nii
lie reached by a short trip along part of thn
famous t"-vi nt ••••!»- tn 1 1 «• drive, facilities for
reaching tho links will hn provided by the com
pany, und, If It Is found niCPKNury, an t'lec
trlc car Una will lie built. A model elabhouim
will be erected and no expense will \><t Mpnrnd
to produce not only a fine tcnlf court*, but an
attractive resort as w.tll. Tha officers of the
Pacific Coast Oolf AMaclntlon hnpo to fn- tho
next content for tho men's Mtimteur champion
ship held on thin site, which appears in all
i-rMn-ci* to iH.MMi'Mw IIk 1 <|iinllil.K of An ideal
Kcotch links In a higher degree than any golf
course will which 1 am acquainted In tho
United Htstrs. - .
Among tha Kite* iIIm-iikmmI Is n trnrt of Inn. I
belonging to tho I'ncina Impt-ovcitipnt Com
iniiiy and known n« Mom Ueurh, Xhn noil Im
Ireht, sanely and ii'lmlinjily suited ror a Kolf
cuurup, ami the qunllty of the natural kiuni In
exactly what Is needed. The Innd Is open, uu
olmtructi>d by trees, nnd, In addition to Its
ni t nut ion to goifom, commands beautiful
views of the 1'aclHo Ocean,
The primary suitability of Pel Monte being
thus acknowledged, it remulns to obtain from
i in- I'm in.- improvement t.'ompan/ u recognt>
(i. .n of the need. of a full elght«ien>hola gul(
••.,ui »-t-. an. i then to i-ulUi Its Interest suffi
ciently to in. in. o the eompany to provide such
a course. The company hun been approuuhed
(ui'l has readily m=r.-m ¦-«! to>prQVlii« for tho
iviiuiiriiii-niti ..i. t in. golfer* and to hold out
iitiriii'ii..ii» fur them on all occasions, both
When rll.lllll.l.. Ili-.lllli III.-. MlIKH 111-" tO I)A .!"• 'l.lr.t
nnd At other time*. Tha directers-hnve umler>
inki-n to provide* an elKhtt>en'hole course;
M>lll|.l'-.| tO Illl llin li-i|lll|r-mi'lll» Of A (Imill.
f)ion»hlp ni.iiliit. Hevernl pI«-ith of ground
imv»- i>.'.-n iiiF|.rii'.1 nnd their roi«pectlv« huU
ni.illiy dUeumieii with ofni'Ula of Hi- Oolf A*
»...I.Ml.hi iumI Kiiiiii. of the i>riiii-l|.iil l'liiy.-ri
i.f Hi- fiuint, The pH-n-'iii iiImp'Iii.Ip i'imiiiiii »t
Del Monte, with a length of only ntmul ifOOO
yimln, lit Miih.-ly out of tha <|UPNtlnn. liven
mm a iiini'-liuln •'..iii-m.« It I* n poor on«, on
account tit IIk pinnll < x I '"ii I nnd of tho ninny
trcuS l.y will. Ii It In i.IimI i'ui'IimI. ihi.1 Wllh'il
thn owner of tha Innd will not pormlt to i»<
cut down,
This project has occupied the attention of
goiters tor the patit yettr. It la, of course,
necessary that tne proposed new golf- cours-j
be within convenient diotance 6t> a good hotel.
Inasmuch an the competitors ennie' from con
siderable distances. Ah things are at present,
such a combination as that of a fine Kolf
course and a good hotel cannot ba found wltnln
the limits of Han Kruuciucu'* Immediate mu
roundlngH. 'j"in- place which presents the most
obvious general advantages, providing the r<-
quirements of golf can' be aaequutely met, ih
undoubtedly Del Monte. Although not equally
distant from Han Francisco and the chief gull
ing centers of Kouthern California, Del Aluntu
has been fienerally accepted by golfers us a
convenient meeting ground, t
¦ The recurrence of the annual contest for
the umatcur golf championshl]) -of tho
Pacific Coast has again brought up the
question of the urgent \necesslty lri this
State for u full elghteen-hole course •suit
able for holding golf tournaments and
championship meetings. T. P. Gower,
secretary of tlie Pacltlc Coast Golf Asho
clatlon, says of the matter: '
MosaBeach, Monterey County,
'- Will Probably Be
the Site.
Championships May
Be Decided.
Want One on Which
GOLFERS SEEK
A NEW COURSE
Kvpry dny during March and April th« ftanta
Ve will sell on* way tlekcti from Uogton, Nsw
York, I'hllBflslnhlit, Washlnston, I'lttsburft 1 ,'
Cincinnati, iiii.thIh, Chlcaao, Kantias city, hi.
Jxiui* ««<! ftllothsr points In th« Knst nt tho
l«rwe*t rates ever made one way to the 1'acMo
Coant. If you have frlendd to comp.fiut your
money In the.hatidg ot any flanta F« Agent,
whg will iirrungo lu* tin* Uuj.
Cheap lltttea to California.
' "Hubo" Kerns, who Ih its great a char
acter In the .rlnir ns "Hufio" Waddell In
on the baseball .diamond, arrived last
night from thA north, ii.- Ih accompanied
by his mnniiBer, Jack IFahley, Th«y will
niflftt Al Ndll lit lliirryOorbntt'R thin aft.
iTiiuoii iiml iirriuiK'i the dtitnlls of thnlr
i)rii|ioM.-ii match beforo the Nntlonal (jlub
thin i month-.
l^rnM l» 27 y«inr old, In 15 feet 6V6 Incheu
In hfllRht nnrt wflRhH, In cnndlthn, from
H2 10 145 jKiimdH. Ho ctlftlms. "Jo«" Action,
tho wrestler, who rffpreml hl» fight with
Tanv Trn«?«y. -guva him much the worm
of. tho iifi'Uidii.
"Rube" Ferns Here to Tight Neill.
The handball matches in San Francisco
court yesterday rcaulted as follows:
P. Talo and M. Klrby... i. .21 10 21
J. Klrby and J. McBrearty 17 21 13
P. Ryan and P. Pasch......21 21 20 16 21
M. Levy and M. Berwln U IS 21 21 15
J. Olynn nnd W. Mitchell. ......... .21 21 21
A. Whlteman and J. Foley. ........ .17 12 10
O. Or«en and W. .Tohnnon..2t 1.1 21 lfl 21
K. Bmlth and B, White 11 21 14 21 17
n. I.onKabneh nnd W. Wnlah.21 12 21 IB 21
Hi II. Llssner and W. Kava
nauKh 10 21 18 21 It
M. JMIIon. nnrt fi. Huichlnson ..21 - ll • 21
K. Maloney and W. K«lly 18 21 1U
A. Klh»>rg and II. Lctifn-r ...21 21 21
J. Mfj-i'r anil T. J. Mullen 10 18 II
<!, Oreen «nd J.rnlrhanks 21 21 HI 21
J. CHynn and A. ¦\Vhlt«man. . . . .IB 18. 21 It)
n, I/ln*h«in ana T.'I.parli 21 21 17 21
M. J. Kllfffillnn and J. White... 18 ID 21 18
In the Handball Court.
The Fire Commissioners have had the
reorganization movement under consider
ation for several weeks, and notwith
standing the fact that the discussions
were private the news of the proposed
.changes leaked out and the men have
been steadily growing uneasy. According
to the plan agreed upon men who have
grown old in the service and are at pres
ent stationed in tho "downtown" districts
will be uhlftcd to the outlying districts,
where there will be lesa call upon them
for service. Tho younger men in the de
partment wlli be put in the places mart*
vacant by the transfer, and in conne
.quence there is great walling among tho
BUbordlnatea. The young men who have
been with companies that aro not called
out on an average a half-dnzrn times a
month naturally do not relish the Idea of
being transferred "downtown," where at
times they have four or five alarms to an
«wer in tho twenty-four hours. The flrut
natch of men booked for transfer Thurs
day will receive notice either to.-day or
ro-morrow to g*»t themselves in reading*
to move. The CpmmlaHloners will arnnt
them th« privilege of protesting against
tho transfer. »n<T »«»hi» protest "is baaed
on vnlld or rensonabl« grounds it mav Vd
miBtnln^d, Th« reason a««l«ned why ih«
trnnnrur should not ba rnndo will hava tn
b« a powerful one, however, to alter ih«
determination of th» commission
« ¦onitiitHtii.Mi.-r Parry said liiat nlahf th,. .
it would titka fully n monlh to mik« th .*i|
thA.tronsfrm eoniemplatud. "\V« itr« Jm
In* to flnrt. th« ol«l men berths in t»« »,,lj
rtlntrlctn.'MwM hP, "and let ihJ £
nnd nrtlvo m«mhern do duty | n th« i .
tloim where there l» call fn P youth «» i
vigor. Jn tho nutlylnic «llntrlcVthrr« j£
few, ends for active «*rvle«., niu i ,h« „&'!
men of the drpnrtinfnt'wllf b« ullVto A
tend to the duties required, ti !»»?..«
ten will he mndo urudimlly, i0 YhSt Xrl
mint?" 1 b<5 fl ? y confu " ! . on J « thS depa/u
The members of the fire department are
anxiously awaiting the result of the meet
ing of* the Fire Commissioners to be held
next Thursday as the initial step in a
movement to strengthen the fire-flghtlng
force. The Commissioners Intend trans
ferring many of the men, and none of the
subordinates know Just where the changes
will commence or where they will end.
All the Old Men to the Outly
ing Districts..
Commissioners Intend Transferring
MANY CHANGES TO BE MADE
IN THE FIBE DEPARTMENT
First rtce— John Welch, Hasp, llelan Smith.
Second raca— Dor««n, 1'nrlzado.' Senator
Bruce.
Third roce— Orotiun, Dolscgno, Ouldo.
Fourth race— All r dr«en, Dorian, LodaiUr.
Fifth men— Martini, True Blue, Light Hall.
Bl^th race — 8#a Lion, Clarendo, 1'unnmlnt.
Soleotlons for To-Dny.
wui. r»< .,...,,,,,,,,,,,.,, i i i o a it-i
Hhnw mi.i.,,,,8 'i 'i U 'i I ¦ 'I
Miiim- ,;,,,,,,,,,, ,,,,,,,, o (i I i i) i ;i
MoMnrchy .....,,,,,,,,,, a 1 i 1 u 2--<i
IliilMllKin .,....,,,,,.,,,,,, | 1 2 I i I- 11
NnuiiiHti ., ,,..,,..,, 9 1 O'l 2 I .*>
Dwycr .....,..,,.,,,.,,,,. a ' a a i a 2--<i
.Iii.Ub.iii ........,,,,,,,,,, 0 1 2 1 1 1_ ft
w'uiMii ....... :,,'*,,;, .';,,', *i 1112 o-r.
.NINTH 13VKNT-«8JX HIJtDB.
Nniimnii 'J I 1 1 1 1«_tj
DonnlioA ...;,,.,.,,,,.,.,, 2 2 112 1— it
MeMurchy .•..,....,..,.,, 1 11 1 a 2— (J
\Vali>li a 1111 n~f,
«haw. aaaaa '2— »t
1'wver 2 2 1 2.» 2—6
Major ,,,...,..,,,,,, • withdrawn
Korpter .I"....'.......",...;, l' 2 112 1— a
•Dead out of bound*, -^
flEVKNTII JOVKNT— SIX HHIDH, HWMKP.
HTAKISK VOn |20.
HHnw ,, , 3 3 2 2 0 2-B
.InrluiiMI , ,, 1 1. 1 1 2 2-<-fl
Nauman 2- 2 « 1 1 *-i — •*
Mr Mm. -hy ,.,,,,.,,,,,,,, 1 'i 0 2 2 2— B
liiinnlifii" ,,,,,,.,,,,,,,,,,, t 1,0 '•) 1 1-5
Dwyi' ;,,4, ,,U,, ,,,,,,, 'J 1 I I 0 1-5
Wnl*h ,..,.,, ,,,,.,. 3 1 l-.l J 2-<l
Hhl.lilH , t 0 2 2 2 2 -r.
Tim till'lt KUn* dlvldnd thM PUMA,
¦ KIUIITJI HVKNT— H1X-1I1UJ) POOU-'
WnlHh 1 2 • I 1 1— R
MuMurchy ..., % 2 0 2 2 2 2— fl
Hhaw .,, 2 2 2 2 2 2— ,U
I'twyrr ., 2 0 0 1 2 0— 3
Hhlnldii i......... 2 1 2 0 1 IV— 4
Nriuirmn 2 2 2 2 2 2 — 0
Hnsmnr , 0 0 w.
Jnokaon / '. 1 2 I 2 2 2— H
Uonolioo , v , 1 2 I 1 1,1— (I
TIIK membora of tho California
Wing BhooUng Club met for their
Mrst shoot of tho- 'season 'at live
birds yesterday at the Jnglesldu
grounds, Tho sport whs lively and
nil tho contestH wero watched with keen
nturest by thg invited ku'-mh of tho mem
oorffi •
PiL Hl 7' Jaolf"on cRiriod off tho honors
oM g he duy, killing nfty birds without, a
Tho following are the 1 results:
GLUiJ MATCII-.TWJCLVJS.1III11) HANDICAP.
£• & N«iim«n 22 112 123 1 1 • SI— 11
m A" , MMl f ht 12122^22*022-10
M. 0, Mntr 112 2 2 2 2 12 2 2 2-12
Ifei ; PI 1 1!! if
'• i- Walsh 1 I I 2«1» 2 12M- II
S» h. I'ormer 2 0 2 12 0 1112 1 1— Jo
l>r. UetUy a 2 2 2 2 1 2 o 1 0 It 2— M
gl»dt lllilllilHIUI I 1— It
VS. II. Wllllftinmiit,.., I 1! 1 2 2 02 1 2 2 I 2—11
B. UoMohoo ,,,,, 1122»121J11 2-11
J. J. Hwrency 1112,21222220-11
»' uf K JS?i; ' * "• 2 1 0 0 1 2 2 2 0 0 1 2- M
m t Wl J" 1 ,""! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 1 1 0 0- t»
J). O. W. liirdsnll. . . . I 0 1 I t o l a 2 1 0 o— H
}' I * IoM 1 u , rdiy , •' « a 2 2 I 2 2 1 1 2 2 2-12
P. II. llphrart 2 1 0 I 2 1 2 I S % I 2 a— 11
A. »on " M .. 2 2 1 2 2 0 0 0 0 0 I 0— 0
' BUCONI) MVBNT— KlCJHT-llllU) HIIOOT.
?,'• ,9' ''flU'iner 2 2 12 2 2 2 2 2— H
1 iV m" 1^ 1 V " 2 0 2 0 2 2 0 0-4
i ' V" if/ ;'" ckl( " n I I 2 1 1 2 I 2— H
V 1 t' WnlNh ' 1 1 1 1J 212— 8
i' i'm H i W , eunpy 22110W v .
A. Hhlclds ao w
h' hi l f J° ni f 1 2 1 1 1 • w
H. McMurchy TO21222 2—7
«f V. 0II ?»/!? 12 11110 1—7
1^ 2222 -- 8
( ,y m" , J N |lum °n '....... 20 w
K. Tallunt •. 11212«w
C. A. HnlKht 2 2 222220—7
gr.^nirtSEll i 1 1 ? o l i 2 i_ I
K. O. McConnell 1112 0 10 0—0
II. JustlnM ,, , a 1 2 2 2 • 2 2— 7
w - ly 'J, J ,7? tle " 2 12 0 2 12 0-7
w— Withdrawn. *— Dond nut of bounds.
2— Second barrel.
Til I!U> EVENT, O-lllltD I'OOL,.
Kpudnrr '. i .'..., 1 0 w
Bwct-ncy ow
Oonohoo . '. 2 2 2 2 2 2— 0
» ha . w ••'•¦•< 2 2 12 2 1-0
McMurchy 2 2 12 2 1— Oil
fyun™' 1 221212—8
'i a ** hi t . 0 2 2 2 0 2—4
Hokrnrt 2 1 i I 1 *
Williamson 2-2 2 2 Ow
Former j x 2 2 1 2 0
jj. h i? lrt8 11112 1— «
lallant o w
Dwyer .., ,..:. O'l 1 2 2 1— B
Jackdon " 2 2 I 2 2 •!
Golcher 2 1 2 • a 2— fl
Ucrstle ., / i 2 0 0 0 0 2
FOURTH EVENT, 0-Bin.D RACE.
Feudntr ., 12 2 2 1 2— 0
WttlBh 1 1 l 1 1 2— (I
Shaw ..;.:...., .............. 2 2 0 2 2 2—5
HalRht ., ..... 2 2 2 1 0 1— C
Donohoa J 1 2 1 2 I 1 . 0
Jackson 2 2 1 1 1 1 — «
ShleldH i 2 2 10 2 1 — B
Dwycr 2 1 0 1 2 0—4
Waters 1022 12-*- 5
McMurchy • 1 2 1 2 2—5
Naumnn . . , ; i .,..;.... 2 2 • • 2 2 — 4
. TII-TH EVENT, 0-BIHD POOL.
Fcudner .•-, 0 2 0 2 0 2— .1
McMurchy .,.'. 2 2 11 0 1— B
Walnh 1 1,» 1 0 0—3
Donohoe ¦...., 2 1 1 2 1 1-r- »I
Shaw 2 2 2 2 2 2—6
JarkBon 2 1 2 2 2 2— (I
Dwyr-r 2 2 2 2 2 1— ft
HhRlds 1 2 2 0 2 1— B
Nauman 2 1 2 2 2 2— (I
BIXT1I EVENT.
G. H.T. Jackson Is High
Gun, Killing Fifty Birds
Without a Miss.
Klfth rnrn-Ml* furlongs; seltlng; four-y»nr«
n|. 1« and upward. ¦
li.'Uft Mnrpnn n.4 (3.irtn)r;dlnborntiBh .103
ILMO'j Klckumbob .. H» .'iSCTn.inht lUll... 01
(Tir.ii)Kldred Ul CI220)Alnha II ..,, til
<:i:inn)j«rlrt ........ 07 Jlllit Md*. Clmpson. «»
ll.Miin Nlr D.iiik.iI ,.10!) S24I Truo I Hun ...I no
(U37D;Mls*ion \>u ...
• Sixth race— Futurity co|fri«; selling; four
yfiii -nl. In and upward. '
.1341 tfcftllywug fT.lQfl S303 Id'ho Chief IMOO
s:i(!7 i;i luy 100 .mi Kducau 101
.124(1 The Hondo ..101 .Tliil Ntit t)«nnls...ltO
.12N7 The Nlncer ...llo .Tun Mid. Chimes.. lo-J
!i:iKI H«a Man ....in ;i.i:,t> (narando ....IOM
.T!M» V«. Morello..ll3 27U0 I'uniimlnt ....113
Third rflpfr— Four furlongs; purie; maiden
twoo'p«r'0lt1«,
8304 Orenlus ill M34 Discharged ..103
JUfll Mttmln 10.1 .Titll linl.U 1U.-1
•TJ.VJ Mln. Hr.«nn|..lii.l ,TU'J lin| arb -n.. HI
auui Clnrlnette ...io;i a;iu J. It. U«nnett.l(Hi
Fourth rare— Beven furlonga; Mlllng; three*
y«inr-ah1n and upward.
r:mi)ti..iiwr|p^..i ,,,ioi cniUDrtiiehfiPids ...nn
.TW- 1 IxtdKntAr 110 .'I.17II M-irnriRM Itt
tt'lM MiiiiHln I In i-si.'i Krnnk Woods. 110
.T.'.'ut Henntfir Mntts. li'J ili!S5 All Ctr»>«n ...114
Il'IT.'l tiamnnd Hi .Tir.'i Major Itooker.MO
M.n.l It.irlMti Ill ,'MS M eropt 110
.Mavis LAvator 110
Kecnnd rum— viva And a half furlongs; toll.
Ins; Uirtie-ynur-nliK
8347 Jerry K<iwardilH fl3fl« Estado 11T
.T.liiri Intro 117 .'I.TJ3 Jumcrrmi ,...112
IIHKI Uiry Wilt. ..117 IU7U Dgreen 113
MM »«n. nruoe...U7 8a« I'nrUttd* ita
Jockey Willie Buchanan writes from
France that he is down to Hard, work
again and in excellent shape for thV ap
proaching racing season, which opens in
that country on the 16th inst. He says
the Vanderbllt string comprises forty
horses in training. The California boy is
especially sweet on Ellsmere, a colt by
Hanover from Ella Plnkerton, which is*
liberally entered in all the big stakes, aa
well as the English derby.
Buchanan reports the weather so severe
that nearly all of the horses under the
French and English trainers are back*
ward in their training! Mr. Vanderbllt
had an Immense training shed constructed
with straw placed over the frozen ground.
The turns Are thrown up, so the horses
of the millionaire American can indulge
in gallops at moderate speed. Referring
to this, "Buck" says: "You see, we have
it on the native trainers when it. cornea to
getting horses ready early."
The entries for this afternoon events at
Oakland track are as follows:
First race — Seven furlongs; selling; four
year-olds and upward.
7KIO7 Caadala 110 .... Golden Light. 107
!I1,'IB Helen Smith.. 10fl .Two Courtier 107
8347 Hasp 107 .TIM II. Thatcher. .110
8201 John Welch.., 110 !i:i(I5 Kllleen 110
.'i.ino Talma/ . .... ...llo WIUO Intrude 103
aaSl I rat a ..,.103
Third round — AgBle TV, a bye, Fair Oaks
withdrawn; Silver Cloud beat Vulcan, 6-4; Roy
lluprhle, a liyef Gold Ore wlthrtrnwn.
Fourth round — Aggie W bent Silver Cloud,
3-O; Hoy Ilughle beat Sir Tanna. 4-3.
Deciding course — Aggie W beat Hoy Hughlc,
11-0. ¦*_
Becond round— Aggie W bent Lllne, 0-0;
Fair ouks beat Hlltn, 22-12; Itlurk Coon bent
Hotoyomp, 3-2; Hllver Cloud bent Uonnle
IIURhlc, 4-0; Vulcan beat Doodle Hoy, 20-1; Sir
1'nnlia bent Hokuh Hrummel, R-.'l; Qnld Or«
beat Bad Hoy. 10-10; Hoy ilughle beat Glencoe,
0-4. . . - -.
The greyhounds In tho running at Union
Coursing Park yesterday were bo evenly
matched as to leave tho spectators In
doubt as to their respective ability until
tho last course had been decided.
Somo, notably strong hares upset calcu
lations by running clever dogs oft their
feet. Bad Boy, favorite for the open stake,
drew ono of tho flyers. It was In the sec
ond round, and the Boy's chances against
Gold Ore wero considered bo good that
G to 1 was laid against the latter In the
ring. At the end of two minutes the hare
was still full of running and a brace of
relief dogs were released. The flyer from
the Merced plains outfooted th.e'four dogs
for a .time, but finally succumbed. Gold
Ore retired Bad Boy to his kennel by a
score of 1G points to 10..
Tho stake was ultimately won by Agglo
\V, which opened at 40 to 1 In the betting.
Sho met Hoy Ilughle in the tlnal and
won cleverly by a ecoro of 11 to 6.
In tho ..special stake Bonnie. Pasha beat
Trulee Boy in the all-Important deciding
course, The latter was unfortunate in
getting a two-minute course in the preced
ing round. Contrary to expectations this
did not iiikd all the edge off his speed, ub
he led lii.s fresher opponent to the hare/
and secured tho first turn. The hare thcrt
favored Jionnle Pusha sufficiently for hor
to run up a winning sequence of points,
tho Bcoro ix'iriif 7 to 4,
•After the tempestuous weather of tne
previous day the conditions 1 under which
tho dport was conducted were Ideal, The
mttjorlty of the coumeH w« to mitnelently
long to tent the speed ami Rtumlna of th*»
greyhound*. • Tho results in detail, with
JinlK't John Grace's oiiiclul gcore, follow:
flpeelal . Btnkfl— Alnmpda Kenn«ln* Melrnno
I .ml li-'.u Chlnrinl llrot,' Dewdrop, m.i|; a. it.
Curtis' l.imt Uhuni bent Pnnha Kennels' Itomau
Athlete, ri.it; A. It. CurtlM' Leoln, l><mt <i, Hlmt'
nmn'u Firm Fellow, H-a: A. it. Curtis' War
Kudu li.'iit P. J. Ilellly'ii Hoyal Union, .i.o;
I'iipIiu K.mi.'lw 1 ltr.nl Aill-'ln bfat Html ,\
KnowltV Krcexe Uut, il-lj K, fleary'a llonnid
t'liMJiu hxiit .1. I/, itONM' KimtPimy, N-i); 1 1,
/.tilil'n lliinirr May imit A, it. Curtis' NttrelM
num, 4*9 1 T. J, Crotiln'i Van>1nl limt 1). 3,
iifili-y'w Kllitn, r.-o; r. J. Cronln'* 'rr*U>*
li'i.v ln'ui J, I,. Kami' Muyfltiwp/, .1-0: J. U
It'T-n' Oiittio M'.y brut J. II. MiCui tliy'n John
I'.,,., 1JW9,
Hcnoti'1 rtiund^tiONt chord b*nt Mnlroc* I .ml,
ir.-i.i; it-Mi Artleln limit l.-olu, IM| Uonnln
I'licliii limit Wiir linul", (l'3i. Viiii.IhI tieut
ll'niirr liny, 8-lj Trnli'o Xloy beat 'liirnn liny,
Third rnunil— Hpnl Artlri", A by#, I^int
Chord withdrawn; llnnnle I'iihIiu beat Vandal,
.'I- 1; Truly* liny, h by«,
Fourth rounn— Trnli'e Hoy beat Itcal Article,
21-17; llonnlo 1'nnlia, n byn.
Iii'i'IiIIhb cuurio — llonnl* fauna beat Trnlrn
Uoy.^r-t.
opni dtako— T. Kurke'g ArrI« W bent J.
Blii'ililim'M Korrnt «.ji m. R-2; Alunwdii K"ii
neln' Ulno bnut P. Hom»nbi>rKer'n Ljidy Chi
• inliit, 8-1] J. Hln'tt'rt Wliu bcut M. Nealon'n
Fred Freedom, 0-0; M. <lfnry'» Kalr Onk» beat
W. Cairns' lmperinl, 4-iS; It. M. ConnttU'R
Jllnck C'oon Irnnt II. Hendermnn'n ComlquB, 10-7;
T. llurke'N t)otoynm« bwtt W. Cnlrn*' Molrono
Hay, ii-o; M, liiu;lil.'"n ilunnlo Ilughlo bent \\
Hrnwn's Go Sluw, 7-1; C. O. I'«t«mon'n Hllver
Cloud bent 1'. Mtiliurky'it Mamie i'leimnnt, 0-4;
I.. H. Miiitk'h ltoodli Hoy bent I". Herman's
1'i.r-rlniH. li-1 j A. It. Rurtln*. Vulcnn beat C. O.
I'rtTnim'n MiMilin/iiril, ."I-"; O. Hluirninn'H Sir
l'anha bent T. W. Harteln' TIokuii liaron, B-Oj
Tj \V. linrtets' Dngus Hrummel Imnt AlamedA
Kennels' Cliirloc, a-0; -W. Cftlrtw' (JoUl Ore beat
.1. M. Carroll's Lady Mcnlo. .'1-0; T. Maher's
Hart Hoy bnnt Y. HoKcnberRcr'i Maater Bly,
0-4; I). Oenry'M Tiny HuRhle bent M. Nenlon 1 *
AKiiiiicriiiiou, ll-ii; H, Zelph'M Ulencoe beat 1'.
M. Clnrknon'fl Flower of Gold. 4-0.
. ;
Fortunes of- Coursing
1 Give Favorite a N ..
Hard* Run.
Millionaire Horseman Is
Ahead of French
' Trainers.
VANDERBILT HAS
ADVANCED IDEAS
BAD BOY DBAWS
A STRONG HARE
, ' Til 12 SAN •¦ "tfii&N^ 1002. '
6
$9.00 Per Ton J?0.00
B«tt«r and cheaper than coal; no scr«ninf no
waste. Your coal denier iiella Tcala DrlauettM'
all <mo ilae. Photut flguth 05 about thtm. .7
ADVERTISEMENTS^ •
I The World's" [I
I Cure for |
| IMMEDIATELY jl
{ UPON II
ARISING |
| DHnR One-Half n
\l Tumblerful of M
| ' Natural Uxatlv< Mineral Water. |
|| Whonbuylnribaiuro t
J and anK for .V <
Hunyadi JANOS [
1 j <n;u, n'a.v.kk I.
|| If you a«ll simply for I
I Hunyadi Wateryou |
I may be Imposed upon. I
nl rr nnifll Comer Fourth nr,i
CAFE ROYAL ftiS
1 vaiUc» cH«cJi»d tutPARTIES TO WEDDING CERE
MONT WHICH TOOK PLACE
IN RUSSIAN CATHEDRAL.
The wedding service was conducted
partly in the Servian and English lan
guages and a choir was In attendance
The groom. ' and bride stood in. front of
the altar with long lighted candles I in
their hands during the first part of the
ceremony. Then the officiating priest
took two gold and jeweled crowns from
the altar and held them over the heads
of the bridal couple, announcing that the
groom and bride were crowned as serv»
ants of God. The hands of the young cou
ple were then tied together with a hand-'
and the groomsman was Splro Vukosav
lievlch, while the relatives and friends o:
the bridal couple filled the church.
The Leading Parisian Modistes
Are; binding their. skirts with bias velve
teen. . S. H. & M. is the best bias velve
teen binding made.' Look "for the trade
mark S. H. & M. on the back when you
buy. . « •
We are agents for Winsor &. Newton,
makers of the best * artists' materials In
the world. Pyrography machines for
burning wood and leather. -Artists' and
architects' supplies of every description.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street •
Artists' Materials.
Cost no more and give much better satis
faction than the. old Humpbacks.';. See
them 1 In our stationery department . We
do printing and book binding, and sell all
kinds of office stationery at bottom prices
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ¦,'••-
Flat-Opening Blank Books
During the past few days a number of
burglaries in the • Mission district, have
caused alarm among the residents, and a
demand is being made for adequate police
protection. A. butcher store at 232 Valen
cia street was broken open a few nights
ago. aiid the" contents of a telephone box
were stolen. . A grain and wood shed at
1928 Howard street was also entered and
a • telephone box rifled. The barn of W.
Kilpatrick, at 31 Lapldge street, was
broken open and a horse, wagon and four
cans of milk were stolen. Several stores
and -barns in the vicinity of these rob
beries show. the marks of burglar's tools
on the locks and doors. "
Burglaries in the mission.
Friday morning, ' it is. claimed, they
broke into the stable of W. Kilpatrick,
in the Mission, and took away a horse,
and wagon. After abandoning the animal
and vehicle, the two men were seen acting
suspiciously on Howard street and a po*
lice officer decided to search them. On
Connolly was found a bunch of skeleton
keys. They were at once placed under
arrest and taken to the Hall of Justice.
While the Arresting officer was reporting
the matter to the lieutenant in charge,
Kenny and Connolly crawled through a
window in the assembly-room unknown
to the policeman and made their escape.
Last ev.enlng Fitzgerald jCnd Graham lo
cated the men In one of their haunts in
the Mission and took them into custody.
Alfred Kenny, a riveter by occupation,
and William Connolly, a basket-makei,
were arrested last night by Detectives
Fitzgerald and Graham and charged with
burglary.
Are Eecaptured Soon by the
Officers.
Two Alleged Burglars Get Away, but
PRISONERS ESCAPE
THROUGH A WINDOW
Ah Fong, who lives at Washington and
Dupont streets, and Pay Ong had a dis
pute on Waverly place yesterday after
noon and each drew a knife. Pay Ong
was .quicker than his opponent- and
Flashed him on the forehead. He then
ran away. Ah Fong was taken to the
Emergency Hospital, and after .his wound
had been stitched and dressed was taken
to the City Prison, where he was booked
for exhibiting a deadly weapon in a rude
and threatening manner.
Chinese Stabbing Affray.
Seats for the Katherine Fisk song reci
tals will be on sale .on Thursday next at
Sherman & Clay's music store. There will
be four recitals, on Tuesday and Friday
nights, March 11 and 14, and on Thursday
and Saturday afternoons, March 13 and 15
One Tuesday evening a little violinist;
Aileen McCabe, said to be possessed of
much talent, will "make her debut at
Sherman & Clay. Hall. Little Miss Mc-
Cabe will be assisted by well-known local
musicians.-
Symphony No. 4, .D minor (R. Schumann):
ovnrture, Rienzi (Richard Wagner) ; two num
bers for string orchestra (E. Greie); Scenes
Kapolitalnes (K. Massenet.) . I
' • The last concert of the second series of
the Steindorff symphony concerts will be
given on Friday afternoon next at 3:15 at
the Grand Opera-house. An admirable
programme has been prepared," including
the following numbers:
Abdul Aziz Feysul entered the city by
strategem at night with i fifty followers.
These men rode to the palace and killed
the Governor of Raid had thirty of his
retainers. The garrison of the city then
surrendered, whereupon the army of Ab
dul Aziz Ben Feysul entered.
It is believed that the Wahabi dynasty
Is endeavoring to regain its supremacy
musical stars. The diva is said to be in
good voice and will be in position to
charm her hearers in the fine programme
arranged for the evening. Nevada is ac
companied by Pablo Casala, a Spanish vio
loncellist of repute; Leon Moreau, one of
the. best pianists yet heard here and a
composer who ranks | high in France.
Daniel Marquarre, the . flutist, will eom
pleje the trio of musicians appearing In
the concert with the singer. The pro
gramme will be long, and varied. - Seats
are on sale at Sherman,. Clay & Co.'s
store and have been In big demand
BOMBAY, March 2.— Abdul Aziz Ben
Feysul, a descendant of the old "Wahabi
Ameers, with an army \)f 2000 men, has
captured the city of Riad in Central
Arabia. • :
The Mission, Potrero and" South San
Francisco' districts were left practically
without lire protection by the storm Sat
urday night, and the firemen spent many
anxious hours until the damage waa re
paired. During the progress of the gale
at 9 o'clock a live- electric light- wire
crossed the telephone and fire alarm, wires
at the -corner of Mission and Nineteenth
streets and in- an instant burned out the
circuit. The- "sub-station" of - the ' tele
phone company . caught fire, and a few
minutes later the crossarms of the pole
were blazing- merrily. The telephones in
the district were all put out of order and
to add to the trouble electric lights in
the neighborhood went out. The flre alarm
signal station was at orice notified and a
force of men. was sent out to repair the
wires. ¦ ¦¦ . ¦-•-'¦ •'¦.¦¦' ¦ .'•¦¦¦ -
Before the workmen had any of the fire
signal boxes in working • order - another
electric wire crossed the wires of the fire
system . in the . Potrero and South San
Francisco and burned them out. These
two districts were also left in darkness,
and in the event of a fire , breaking out
there was no way of sending In an alarm.
It was not discovered that the ' alarm
box on the corner of Twenty-fourth and
Harrison streets; and the one on the cor
ner of \ Twenty-fourth and Guerrero
streets were also "dead." The Fire . De
partment officials started an investigation
and found .that the boxes on fhe Mission
road and up through * Noe Valley were
not in working - 1 order. -.. The - wind was
blowing a gale at the time, and if a fire
had broken out the delay In getting word
to the firemen would have given every
opportunity for . the .blaze - to become | se
rious. ' The firemen in the companies in
the /crippled districts were then, told off
into patrol watches i to be on the lookout
for fires. They patrolled the streets until
early dawn, but fortunately there was no
call for their services. ' .
•After the cars stopped running for the
night - the only means of communication
with the downtown fire companies in, the
event of . assistance being . required would
have been by means , of horses. Several
horses : were .„ kept ; saddled all night, so
that there would be no.delay in getting
help If unfortunately It was required: An
extra force of men was kept busy repair
ing the wires yesterday, | and at sundown
the Ote • system was g again | In ..working
order.
Considerable Damage in Several
Populous I Districts.
Crossed Electric Light Wires Cause
STORM BAIXLY CRIPPLES .
THE FIRE ALARM SYSTEM
ARAB CHIEFTAIN
CAPTURES CITY
ing in a saloon at 206 Steuart street and
booked at the City Prison by Policemen
Knight and Harnett on a charge of as
sault to murder. He is accused of havinc
Ftabbed R. Nelson, a sailor living at 19
Drumm street. In front of a saloon at 154
Steua.rt street shortly before his arrest.
Ursenberg was taken to the Harbor Hos
pital, where Nelson's wound was being
attended to. and the injured man at once
identified him as the person who stabbed
him. Kelson's wound is not dangerous.
Stabbed by a Ship's Carpenter.
John Urcenberg, a ship's carpenter, -was
arrested about 5 o'clock yesterday morn-
Mrs. Buck denies that she ill treated
Anna' or her brother or that she threat
ened to use a hatchet on them. :
The unfortunate children claim that
they are the victims of their stepmother,
who, for some reason, they say, want to
get rid of them. According to the 6tory
told by Anna, who Is 13 years of age, their
father went to Monterey several days
ago, leaving them to the tender mercies
of their stepparent. Yesterday afternoon,
she claims, Mrs. Buck, after severely
chastising her and her brother, who is
three years her junior, drove them from
the house. They returned a short time
afterward, and, according to the girl, Mrs.
Buck seized a hatchet and threatened to
use it on t"hem. Becoming alarmed, the
children went to a neighbor's house and
asked for protection. Officer Robl was
then notified and the frightened children
were taken to police headquarters. •
Two children, Anna and Henry Buck,
living at 700 Montgomery avenue, were
taken into custody last night by Police
man Robl and booked for some pubic in
stitution.
Were Driven From Home
by Her.
£nna and Henry Buck Claim They
COMPLAIN AGAINST
THEIR STEPMOTHER
Emma Nevada makes her . appearance
In concert to-night at Metropolitan Hall,
and will be assisted by three European
"Vain Desire" (Vogrlch), Miss Minnie Cor
rea; excerpt from "Schon Gretlein" (Von
Fielitz), Miss Lenore L. Goodman ;. "Stram
pelchen" (Hildach). > "Zozo Mokeur" ¦ (Creole
song). Miss Margaret Kroenert; "The -Dew Is
Sparkling'" (Rubinstein), Morning Hymn
(Henschel), Mrs. -G. Kohn; Charmant Oiseau
(David),- Invocation, "Lohengrin" (Wagner),
Mrs. Frank , E. Booth; "L'Esclave". (Laloj,
Miss, Caprice Watson; Dance Song (Handel),
Benta's Ballad, "Flying Dutchman". (Wagner),
Miss Mabel - Llchtenuteln: mad - scene i from
"Hamlet" (A. Thomas), Miss Lulu E. Pleper:
Sapphic ¦ Ode (Brahms), "Dreams," study to
"Tristan and Isolde" (Wagner), Miss Mary E.
Webster: "Viellle Chanson" (Bizet), Mrs.
Frank K. Booth; Hungarian dances (Brahms),
Misses Pieper and WebBter.
It is a matter of much regret that the
competent singing mistress, Mme. Julie
Rosewald, la again compelled by Indiffer
ent health to leave San Francisco, so long
the scene of her faithful service to art.
Mme. Rosewald leaves for Marienbad
early In April to remain away for an In
definite period. She returned to the city
and to her duties last August and has
been busily occupied with teaching the
voung how to find the true vocal way. On
Friday night next, at Sherman & Clay
Hall, the public will have opportunity of
judging how well she has done this, in a
recital to be given by her pupils. Mme.
Rosewald herself is very enthusiastic
over a few of the voices in her hands, and
the following unusual and admirable pro
gramme will aitord ample opportunity for
their exhibition: ..
The "Winter Circus" out at Woodward's
Pavilion is proving itself a very popular
institution. There is a sumptuous and
sizable bill, crammed with good things,
from, gymnasts to clowns, from "beautiful
lady x riders" to trained animals of the
most accomplished kind. . The Dunbar
family of acrobats are among the star
riest of star performers.
The Chutes and Zoo announces this
week an all-Orpheum show, headed by
the "great cycle whirl" that has recently
attracted so much attention, and with
Wlncherman's trained bears, the Nambas
and other good numbers. There will also
be aquatic sports on the lake.
The first presentation in this city of
Mascagni's lyric opera "L'Amlco Fritz"
was given last . evening at Odd Fellows'
Hall, when the Del Carlo Opera Company
made its appearance amid considerable
enthusiasm. The opera was well rendered
and the artists were rewarded with quan
tities of flowers at the end of each act.
The cast comprised Maria Welch, Pietro
Suzzl, Josephine Nilo, Giulio Cortesl, Gal
liani Napoleone, Sattista Barondi and
Maria Gallianl. The orchestra did effec
tive work under the direction of Aug- H.
Rodemann and V. Ursumando. The opera
will be repeated on Wednesday, Saturday
and Sunday evenings of this week.
with a second selection. The symphony
was Dvorak's "From the New World."
WITH the quaint rites of the
Servian Church, a marriage
was solemnized yesterday aft
ernoon at the Greek-Russian
Cathedral, on Powell street,
the contracting parties being Miss Draga
Milisich and Achilles Doklestich, both of
whom are prominent In the local Servian
colony.
The wedding party arrived at the Ca
thedral at 3 p. tn. and was received by
Rev. Father. Thomas Pashkovsky, who
celebrated the marriage service. The
bride was attended by Miss T. Simrak
and overthrow- Ibu Rashid, the Ameer of
Nedjed, and conquer the latter city. Many
tribes are to the banner of Ab
dul Aziz Ben Feysul. .' •
The bride, a pretty brunette, Is the
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. S. N. Milisich
of Sutter Creek, Amador County, and the
groom. Is connected^with the Somps Soda
Water Company, on Laguna street.
The bride and groom are very, popular
in local Servian- circles and they received
a large number of handsome gifts on the
occasion of their nuptials. ¦ .
An elaborate wedding feast was given
in the evening at the residence of S. Jan.
kovich, and later on the newly wedded
couple left on a short honeymoon trip. On
their return they wlllresid& at the resi
dence* prepared by the groom, at Pacific
and Larkln streets. . , " ¦ '¦¦
After the ceremony. the marriage regis*
ter was signed and the bridal pair de
parted from the church amid showers of
rice ' and sweetmeats thrown . by their
friends and- relatives.
Consecrated wine was given to the con-,
tracting couple and the jeweled crowns
were replaced on the altar. The priest
delivered a short' address to the couple
and placed a gold ring on the third finger
of -each one's right hand and .declared
them husband and wife.
kerchief and the priest led them three
times around the altar,' the groomsman
following behind, holding the orowna over
their heads.
The body of Mrs. CottonVwas removed
to the Morgue and an inquest will be held
on Tuesday. .
W. J. Cotton, the husband, is the rep
resentative of the Mobile Company. He
came to Oakland nearly a year ago, since
which time he has maintained his resi
dence at the Metropole Hotel. He went
to San Jose about four months ago and
established an automobile company for
tourists. About ten days ago he returned
to this city, and has been with his wife
at the Metropole ever since.
The dead, woman belonged to one of the
best families of Boston. She is a great
great-granddaughter of General Warren
of Revolutionary fame and a niece of
former Governor Wlnslow of Massachu
setts." She was 39 years of age and the
mother of two children, both boys, one 7
years of age and the other 4. Both are
named after her family, one being John
Warren Cotton and the other Garret
Warren Cotton.
From Prominent Boston Family.
The theory . Is that Mrs. Cotton was
putting the revolver In the trunk when
the trigger caught either on the hasp* or
lock of the trunk or upon spme garment
in the trunk itself and that it was dis
charged as she was leaning." over the
place Into which she was about to put it.
Mr. Cottoa was nearly dazed by the
shock. ¦ "We have been happily married
for. twelve years," he said, "and in that
time not a cross word has ever passed
between us. We have been chums, and
when I have been in hard straits finan
cially, as I have been, she haa always
been my warmest supporter and helper.
We have had a most happy, life, and
this is terrible to me.'"
Mr. Cotton would not at first believe
that his wife was dead, and insisted that
she must have simply fainted. But when
he found the bullet .wound he was com
pelled to realize that tbe worst had oc
curred.
Mrs. Cotton had fallen back in the small
space between the bed and the trunk. Tne
bullet entered the left breast, passed di
rectly through the Jieart and out of the
back. Mrs. Cotton did not utter a word
after she was shot. * Dr. J. T. Kitchins
was called, and when he arrived he found
life' extinct, and a bullet wound that
passed squarely through the body, with
almost no inclination either up or down.
Mr. Cotton wa3 telephoned for and told
that his wife had fainted and that he waa
wanted at once. Dr. Medros, who was
with him at the club, accompanied nim iu
the hotel. .
Death Came Instantly.
The trunk was behind the bed In the
sleeping-room, and Mrs. Cotton opened
it and was stooping, over . to put th.e
weapon in when there w,as a report. MIsh
Hall, who was in the front room, turned
and saw Mrs. Cotton sink down between
the bed and the trunk: She ran into the
hallway and cried foe help. In a moment
the proprietor, R. M. Briere, and several
guests and employes of the hotel were in
the room. • V ¦ . ¦ .
¦.While putting her husband's revolver
away in a trunk shortly before dinner
time this evening Mrs. Edna Warren Cot
ton, wife of W. J. Cotton, accidentally
shot herself, the bullet passing directly
through her heart and causing almost. In
stant death. The shootlngNiccurred in the
rooms of Mr. and Mrs. Cotton in the
Hotel Metropole. Mrs. Cotton was pre
paring to dreas to 'attend a dinner party
to be given this evening by her husband at
the Athenian Club. Mr. Cotton was at
the Athenian Club at the time preparing
for the dinner and Mrs. Cotton 1 was with
Miss MabeJ Hall, a young , lady friend,
dressing to Join him. • •¦ •
While the ladles were preparing for tho
dinner they discovered that Mr. Cotton
had left his revolver on the table in the
front room of the suite. When he retired
the night before he had placed the weapon
upon the table and it had become partly
covered with some papers and he had not
taken it with him wnen.he went to the
club. Tho ladies had aJlttle discussion as
to whether the weapon s.iould be put
away or not. Miss Hall expressed fear of
firearms and did not want it touched, but
Mrs. Cotton assured. her that the. safest
way was, to place it m her husband's
trunk, which she started to do.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 2.
The Chicago Symphony Orchestra gave
Its farewell concert at Metropolitan Hall
last night. The attendance was small, be
ing out of all proportion to the excellence
of the programme rendered. Mr. Van
Oortits no./n eoio "was entnusiastically
received and the player had to respond
The Central Theater announces a melo
drama of deen and deadly dye by the
suggestive title of "The Last Stroke." It
concerns itself with the Cuban war of
1^94. the characters being Spanish and
American army people mostly, and ¦ it is
a cold moment in the drama when there
is not an abduction, duel or battle taking
place; The piece wijl be put on with the
care and elaborateness that the Central
is noted for, and should prove an excel
lent drawing card for its clientele.
"The Serenade" is another second
weeker that is making excellent promise
of a long run, at the Tivoll, of course.
Anna Lichter Is a" dainty Yvonne, that
•was sung by Alice Neilsen on the opera's
debut here; Frances Graham has the
Jessie Bartlett Davis role, and Signor Fer
ris Hartman is his impecunious Highness
the Duke of Santa Cruz. These clever
folks are well supported by the rest of
the company and the opera is staged In
a stunningly pretty fashion. .-•(
"The French Maid" is in Its second
week at Fischer's Theater and going
much more comfortably than on its first
presentations. The company Is beginning
to work together with some semblance of
a bowing acquaintance with one another,
and the principals continue to please in
their respective roles: Mme. Pilar Morin,
Miss Lillian Coleman, Wilfred Blake and
Harry Hermser make a musical cojmedy
quartet that it would not be easy for
many companies to duplicate, and are the
best of their "kind. "The French Maid"
gives way to "Little Christopher" when
the former's vogue dies down.
George Qber, in his list of Hoyt's c6me
dies . at the Grand Opera-house has
reached "A Contented Woman," ¦ perhaps
the funniest of all the Hoyt efforts. The
beautiful Caroline Miskel-Hoyt originally
took the name role, and will be well re
membered therein by local playgoers. The
comedy will be well cast with the strong
er members of the Grand Opera-house
stock company, and Mr. Ober's part is of
course safe In his humorous hands.
The Auers astounded the audience by
making pictures out of rags. They are
quaint comedians and their act Is a novel
one. The three Meers repeat their clever
slack wire walking and "Billy" Clifford
sings a number of new songs and presents
some very good imitations of people he
has met. J. C. Nugent and Grace Fertlg
continue "The Absent Minded Beggar,"
the sketch that scored a hit last week'.
The biograph closes an excellent vaude
ville show.
"Woods and Morse are singing comedi
ans and do a neat turn. The Probyn La
dies' Quartet render many new selections.
Nearly every number on the Orpheum's
bill is new and well worth seeing. The
ten Nelsons were seen at this playhouse
a year ago, and their feats of daring and
agility created a sensation then and now.
They do some marvelously clever acro
batic work and are rewarded with enthu
siastic applause. Eva Mudge, a prepos
sessing American girl, who captured Lon
don, repeated her conquests last night.
Her voice Is pleasing. She changes her
attire at lightning speed and has a num
ber of new songs.
The Alcazar Theater will have one of
the neatest, sweetest, cleanest, prettiest
little comedies that has been seen in the
city for some time this week, with "A
White Horse Tavern" for the bill. It has
been given but once before here, at the
California, by a clever but unheralded
company that saw half a house of empty
seats tbe first night and played to stand-
Ing room only during the last days of
its engagement. The play is being pro
duced in the Alcazar's very best style, and
should have a large patronage. "A Coat
of Many Colors" follows.
At the Columbia Theater to-night the
much looked for production of .Augustus
Thomas' most successful play, "Arizona,"
will hold the boards. The play has been
much discussed since Its first presentation
some two seasons past, and will be staged
here in the same elaborate manner that
marked its successful runs'of 300 nights in
New York and 200 nights in Chicago.
Thomas is credited with having even sur
passed his excellent former efforts, "Ala
bama" and "In Mizzoura." The company
to appear in the piece includes some well
known names.
The women, who don't count very much
any way, are headed by Charlotte Tntell,
who shows neither temperament nor tech
nique as the Princes P'lavia. Ida Werner
makes a stunning old woman, and
Eleanor Carr is pleasing as Rosa, her
daughter. The play is excellently staged
and well worth a visit. '
"The Prisoner of ' Zenda" will appro
priately be put on on Thursday and Sat
urday afternoons.
Rupert of Hentzau, the villain, also
added much to the illusion and was played
in unctuous fashion by LukeConners. The
fencing scene between RassendyU and
Rupert is simply "bully"— there fs no
other word. The audience holds its breath
till the false knight bites the dust through
a whirl of pistol shots, gleam of foils and
breathlessly realistic wrestling. W. N.
Wadsworth does a telling . sketch of
James,- the man, and the rest of the com
pany fills in the picture without a .blur.
It is not the first time in the Califor
nia's history that the audience has hap
pened into an unheralded gem of respecta
ble ' radiance. Last night's audience did
tumble unexpectedly into something of
the kind, and the company presenting the
play may be said to nave' at least three
starful interpreters and any number of
clever minor upholders. The dual role of
King Rudolph and Rudolph Rassendyll
was assumed by Harry Leighton, a virile,
facile and- convincing player, who
achieved an unqualified success. His
changes from the weak-kneed, degenerate
monarch to the gallant and manly young
Englishman were managed with extreme
alertness and complete illusion, and both
characters were sustained with a convic
tion not excelled by James Hackett him
self, who created the part. Sapt, the
good colonel, was equally well played by
George B. Miller, who got "the kindly,
fiery diplomat to the last white hair of his
bristling mustache.
The sequel play, like the sequel story,
is usually one of the things best left un
done. TWs cannot bo said In any degree
Of "Rupert of Hentzau," the week's bl.l
at the California Theater. "Rupert of
Hentzau," sequel to "The Prisoner of
Zenda," has the uncommon characteris
tics of excelling the story from which it
Is taken and living up to its preceding
play. The story, unfortunately for the
play's success with the usual romantic
play's audience, ends unhappily, but oth
erwise there is no reason" why "Rupert of
Hentzau" should % not enjoy the same
vogue as its predecessor, "Tne Prisoner of
Zenda." It is picturesque to a degree, full
of ingenious incident and stirring situa
tions, knitted together with an aiert and
convincing hand. One is plunged at once
into the tnkk of the story, the time three
years after the ending of "The Prisoner
of Zenda." The. Princess Flavla has con
tinued to send onco a year, a rose and
a message of love to the man who im
personated her royal lover, tne King of
liuritania, and with whom she fell in
love. This third year she sends, besides
the rose, a letter that informs Rasscndyil
that for the right's sake all communica
tion between them must cease." At the
same time the Princess, confesses that she
still loves him. Rupert of Hentzau, a re
bellious subject of King Rudolph, who
has been exiled and who has also been in
jured by Rassendyll, gets hold of the tell
tale letter, and the fat's in the fire. The
story is told with unflagging interest
throughout and is undeniably one of the
best romantic plays ever seen here. Also,
it is one of the best acted.
Orpiieum Has Excellent Bill.
Del Carlo Company
Sings Opera.
Bullet Fierces Her Heart and
She Exp : re3 in an
Instant
Beifert will probably remain in jail a
long time. His aunt has expressed a will
ingness to settle with T. B. Lester, who is
the complaining witness in the present
case, but a score of other charges will be
filed to-day accusing the druggist of pass
ing worthless checks, and his friends will
have to increase their contributions con
siderably to satisfy these latter claims.
As an explanation for the presence of
Captain Callunden of the Morse Detective
Agency at Esparto and his assistance In
the "thrilling pursuit," It was stated that
in order to guard the movements of the
city's sleuths on their expeditions out of
town in search of the murderer arrange
ments had been made with the Morse De
tective Agency to furnish men for these
excursions, who would simply follow the
instructions of the regular detectives.
Nothing was then said of Morse's men
having obtained the Seifert clew, but
when the sensation was punctured Cap
tain Seymour and his pet sleuths were
keen to avoid the ridicule that the fiasco
broutrht on them.
Notwithstanding these protestations and
the attempt to shift the responsibility for
the Seifert foolishness, the night the ar
rest was made the detective department
was as jealous as a dog with a bone lest
they should not get credit for the cap
ture.
Detectives Wanted Credit.
C. A. Seifert. the druggist who was
taken into custody at Esparto Friday by
order of Captain Seymour on the sus
picion that he was concerned in the Ful
ler murder mystery. Is still In jail under
the charge of obtaining money under false
pretenses. The warrant under which he
was taken into custody was sworn out
on this latter charge, but the police
thought so little of it that Seifert was
allowed to wander around the city for a
month unmolested by Captain Seymour's
sleuths until tbe somnolent Chief of De
tectives had an inspiration that Seifert
killed Nora Fuller because he. wore a
high hat occasionally.
Captain Seymour was vigorously en
gaged yesterday in trying to convince
himself and everybody else who came near
him that he was not responsible for the
Seifert fiasco. He was warm in his decla
rations that he never put any faith in the
theory that Seifert was concerned in the
Fuller murder. He said that the Infor
mation was furnished by the Morse De
tective Agency, and the arrest was due
entirely to the investigations carried on
by its men. His excuse for sending Detec
tive Hamill down to Woodland to appre
hend Seifert was that he feared unless
the man was arrested and the circum
stances connecting him with the murder
fully investigated it might be said some
time in the dim beyond that the detec
tive department of San Francisco had
knowingly let the real criminal slip
through its fingers. Captain Seymour was
building for posterity when he caused
Seifert's arrest.
Self ert Still in Jail.
The unusual meeting of the Commis
sioners on the Sabbath created consider
able speculation among the rank and file,
and until it became known that Sey
mcur'a blundering methods were the
cause of the conference many thought
that the civil service examinations had
something to do with it. Knowing that
he has a difficult task before him on ac
count of the bungling work of Seymour,
Chief Wittman intends to take a fresh
etart by investigating the case from its
very beginning.
As it was evident that Captain Seymour
was r.s far from a solution of the mys
tery as he was on the afternoon the de
composed body of the unfortunate girl
was found in the Sutter-street house, he
was firmly told that the Chief would as
fum« charge of the case and personally
direct the efforts of the detectives to ap
prehend the strangler. Crestfallen and
disheartened at his own stupidity, Sey
mour bowed and left the room.
Seymour Is Informed.
Realizing his utter unfltness as the head
of the detective department two of the
1'olice Commissioners yesterday turned
down Captain Seymour and ordered Chief
Witiman to personally conduct the pur
suit of the brutal murderer of Nora Ful
ler. Satlstied that Seymour Is totally in
competent to run down the assassin Com
missioner JCewhall, president of the board
visited the Hall of Justice yesterday and
demanded to know of Chief Wittman
what had been done to solve the mys
tery. After they had discussed th« blun
dering methods of the head of "the de
tective bureau for at least three hours
Mr. Ncwhall requested Wittman to take
up the case in which Seymour haa shown
himself to be thoroughly unreliable.
¦While- they were discussing the matter
Commissioner llowell appeared and
warmly indorsed Mr. Newhall's action
In taking the case out of the hands of
Seymour. Pale and trembling, Seymour
was summoned before them and asked
what he had done about catching the
llcnd who strangled Nora Fuller.
Bureau Told to Go
Way Back.
Blundering Head of Detective
Mrs. Cotton Killed While
Placing Revolver in
"Rupert of Hentzau" Is
Well Presented at
Case Out of Sey
mour's Hands.
Commissioners Take the
ACCIDENTALLY
SHOOTS HERSELF
COMPANY MIKES
A BIG SUCCESS
CHIEF TO SOLVE
FULLER MYSTERY
Miss Draga Milisich of Sutter Creek,- Amador
County , ; Is Joined" in Matrimony; to
Achilles Dbklestich of San Francisco.
Ceremony Takes Place at Greek Cathedral
OLD RITES OF SERVIAN CHURCH
PERFORMED AT WEDDING SERVICE
SPEAKS AT BIC
MASS MEETING
Baer Tells of Grow h of
Christian Endeavor
Societies.
Urges Hearers to Fight for
Good Measures and
Good Men.
John Willis Baer, general secretary of
the World's Christian Endeavor Union,
addressed four large assembles yesterday.
In the morning the evangelist preached at
Calvary Presbyterian Church, in the aft
ernoon he delivered an address at a masa
meetlng in the Young Men's Christian As
sociation hall and in the evening preache'J
a sermon at Trinity Presbyterian Church,
Just prior to which he spoke to a number
of thoee specially interested in Christian
Endeavor work;
In his address in the afternoon Mr.
Baer began by referring to the twenty
first birthday of the Christian Endeavor
Union, and said that its remarkable nu
merical growth proved that it was not a
man-mutiu institution, lor from tlrty
members of the first society it had b.o.-.-
Bomed to three and a half millions. He
touched on the inter-denomlnatlonal
growth,- and showed that while tne rtr -t
society was Congregational there were at
this time- no less', than forty denomina
tions in the movement. Furthermora.
said the speaker, the society is interna
tional, for there is not a single nation m
the world but has Ha Christian Endeavor
Society.
Speaking of the duties of the members,
he made a point of "Christian citizen
ship," and urpcd all voters to go Jto the
primaries of their respective parties an.l
there tight for good men and good meas
ures. There were, he said, 6u,000 young
men in the Christian Endeavor Society
casting their first votes every year.
Mr. Baer then spoke of the missionary
work, and reported that $000,030 had been
given by the societies- for missionaries
last year. In making an earnest appeal
for more work among young boys and
girls between the ages of 8 and 12 years
the speaker announced that at this date
there were no less than 18,000 junior socie
ties of Christian Endeavorers. He begged
and showed the necessity for still more
active service and a deeper spirit of con
secration on the part of the individual
members, and reminded his hearers that
what was needed Viow, this twenty-flrst
anniversary, was not more method, but
more motive on the part of the rank and
file. -
Connors Brought Back.
Timothy Connors, the absconding treas
urer of the Hod Carriers' Union, was
brought back from Bakersfleld last night,
by Detective Reynolds and locked up In
the City Prison. .
Connors admits his guilt and says he
will plead guilty when his case is called
in the Superior Court. He claims that he
lost the- money he stole playing the dog
and horse races.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Several Changes Are Made in the
Postal Service and More New
Pensions Granted.
"WASHINGTON, March 2.— The follow
ing changes were made yesterday in tha
postal service: Postoffice established:
"Washington— Elera, "Douglas County, An
na Scully Postmaster. Postmasters com
missioned: California — "William M. James,
Monterey; Samuel S. Johnston, National
City; Joseph S. Ford, Rio Vista; John L.
Prather, Philo; Walter C. Lindsay, Wind
sor. Postmasters appointed: California—
B. C. Hampton, Mineral, Tehama County,
vice Emma Morgan, resigned. Oregon—
L. V. Edwards, Talent, Jackson County,
vice M. D. Wilson resigned; R. R. Frasar,
Telocasel, Union County, vice J. A. Cates.
resigned; J.'E. Shaveland. Wrenn, Benton
County, vice "W. P. McGee, resigned;
Sarah Flfield, Bemis, Williams County,
vice" P. A. Gaskell, resigned.
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Orignal—William B. Lemmon, Sol
diers' Home. Los Angeles, "$8; Commodore
P. Corwin, Slerraville. $6; Albert S. Win-
Chester, San Francisco, $6. Increase — "Wil
liam Briton, Morgan Hill, $10; George K.
Clark, Alameda, $12; Nicholas Anderson.
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles. $10; Fred
Mauer, Oakland. $10. Mexican War— Smith
R. Turner, Soldiers' Home. Los Angele3,
$12; Charles Leatam, Soldiers Homa.
Napa, $12; "William R. Hudnall. Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles. $12. "Widows — Louisa
M. Newton, Redlands, $3; Mary Y. Park,
Los Angeles, $S; Leah Weiser, Santa Mon
ica, $8.
Oregon— Widows— Catherine Uvenjood,
Beaverton, JS; Elizabeth Burleigh, Enter
prise, $8. • .
Washington — Original — George M. Mc-
Carty, Redmond, $£. Increase — Adam Bce
mer. Cinnabar. $12: Edgar C. Kilbourn,
Seattle. $8; Wlllard N. Morse. Lyle. JS:
Charles M. Maltby, Seattle, $8. Mexican
War— David H. Shaw. Colfax, $12.
Navy orders— Lieutenant Holmes has
been detached from the Solace and or
dered home to await orders.
Army orders— The leave of absence of
Brigadier General Frederick Funston has
been "extended one month on account of
sickness. Captain William • W. Quinton.
assistant surgeon, upon being relieved at
Fort Ethan Allen, "V ermont. will proceed
to San Francisco for transportation to
the Philippines. Major William B. Dan
nister, surgeon, recently arrived at San
Francisco, is ordered to Washington to
serve as attending surgeon, relieving Ma
jor Edward T. Carter, ordered to the Phil
ippines via San Francisco.
1O1IICHANTS OP HONOLULU
ASK FOR FEDEBAL AID
HONOLULU* Feb. 24.— The Merchants'
Association of Honolulu has adopted res
olutions asking the aid of the Federal
Government to put Honolulu in first-class
sanitary condition, as was done by the
Government in the case of Havana and
other places in the island of Cuba, and the
new possessions. Honolulu has had three
cases of bubonic plague this month, and
though the situation is not regarded as at
all serious it is one with which, it \J
claimed, the Federal authorities should
help to deal. " The fact that. the Govern
ment spent large sums of money in help
ing other places, such as Havana, is com
mented upon as a reason why Hawaii -
has a right to expect similar aid.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, March 2.— Licenses to marry
¦were issued yesterday to John C. Coburn.
.31, Emeryville, and Catherine F. Gribble
2V Honolulu; Peter J. Peterson, 27. Elm
hurst, and Lillian V. Gribble. 19. Oakland;
Robert A. Nelson. 23, and Juanlta Wood,"
18, Alden; Aaron Kreba. 33, San Francisco
and Rosalie Newman, 26. Oakland; John
R. Goodell, over 21, San Francisco, and
Lulu M. Haswell, over 18. Oakland; Jean
Moudat. 26, and Alice Moulcou, 19, both
of Oakland. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1902*
7
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SAN FBANCISCO PHYSICIAN.
Uses Herpicide Successfully in Treat-
ing Sycosis of the Beard.
"He says: "I recently treated a case of
sycosis (similar to 'barber'a Itch') of the
lower lip with Newbro's Herpicide. Thera
was an extensive loss of beard with In-
flammation extending well down on the
chin. The result of the application of
Herpicide -was most gratifying. The loss
of beard ceased and a new growth of
hair is now taking place over the once-
Inflamed area. .
"(Signed.) Melville E. O'Neill, M. D..
845 Howard St..
"San Francisco, Cal."
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ and
causes the hair to grow abundantly.
;)AA/. X. HESS,
, NOTARY PUBLIC AITS ATTOBNIY-AT-LAV. j
Tenth Floor. Room 1015. Claus Spreckela Bids.
Telephone Main 8S3.
Residence. 821 California at., below' Powtll.
, ¦ Reaidenca Telephone. James 1301.
POSTUM CEEEAL.
i "WTien Friends Tell the Tfutli. -
V
Many people become coffee topers be-
fore they realize It, and would be angry
if thus described" even by a close friend.
It will pay any one to examine care-
fully Into whether or not coffee has
gained the mastery over them. A coffee
leper may suspect that his -or her ails
come from coffee drinking, but they wiil
invariably charge the disease to some
other cause, for right down in their heart
they realize that It would be practically
Impossible to give up coffee, so they hope
against hope that it does* not hurt them,
but it goes on with Its work Just the
eame and the result is complete collapse
and '.nervous prostration, lastlrtk some-
times for years, unless the poif on that
causes the disease Is discontinued.
There are hundreds of thousands of. Il-
lustrations of the truth of this state-
ment.
Any person addicted to coffee can make
the charge from common coffee to Pos-
tum Food Coffee without trouble provid-
ed the Postum is properly prepared so as
to bring out the color, flavor and food
value. It has a rich black brown color <•
and changes, to the golden brown when i
good cream is added.
The change will work Wonders In any
f:nc whose nervous system or stomach
¦4 : • s been unbalanced or disturbed by cof-
I ATHE SAN FRiA^TCISCOi CAM,, -MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1902.
8
HELP WANTED~MALE— Con.
WANTED — Two first-class sign writers; those
who can also do wall and bulletin work pre^
f erred Address, with references, THE CTJR.
-RAN CO., - 1 728 Lawrence St., Denver, Colo.
WANTED — Experienced domestic salesman.
Apply between 8 and 11 a. m.' at HALE
BROS.' -.-•-..- ,- : -
BARBERS— 25c shop for sale In country; snap.
DECKELMAN- BROS.. 106 Ellla st.
BARBERS — Good 3-chair shop for sale.
DECKELMAN BROS.
WANTED— Steady, light office work; will pay
$65 to $75 per month; experience not neces-
sary; must have $130. 765 Market St.. r. 3.
WANTED — Steady man with $125 cash; no ex-
perience required; permanent place: will pay
$65 per month. Apply 1018 Market.. room 10.
WANTED — Reliable young man with $175
cash; $15 week; steady place: no experience
required. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Young man who has had experience
In cloaks and suits; state age. experience and
salary expected. Box 3777. Call office.
WANTED-^Young man who is an experienced
domestic salesman. Box 3778. Call office.
BOY 16 or 17 years of 'age for a store; with
good references. BARON. 22 Grant ave.
BOY wanted to help In bakery. 1205 Polk st
WANTED — 50 men to take lodging In Cam-
bridge House. 543 Howard; changed hands.
A CORNET player: steady work; city. Ad-
dres^ box 3772. Call office.
ERRAND boy . wanted. 2011 Flllmore st
DEEP sea ship carpenter to work on shore re-
pairing boats. Apply at 17 Davis st
EXTRA pay now due U. S. Volunteers. Call
or write Sherwood, pension atty., 624 Market.
AN old man to take care of few rooms. Apply
8 Sacramento st.
EXTRA pay and pension claims filed by O. E.
HOWE, attorney. 630 Market at.
BOY wanted. Apply at drug store, corner
Geary and Octavla s.s.; wages $3 50.-
WANTED — A man who understands nursery
work and florist business. 500 Haight st.
WANTED— Recruits, for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
lei s than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
¦ inch; able to 3peak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED — -An experienced salesman, must be
a younc man of pleasing appearance, good
address, for a wholesale millinery house;
must come well Apply box
4076, Call, statin? salary expected.
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers in demand;
enly requires 8 weeks; tools donated; cata-
logue free. MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Men to learn barber trade; eight
weeks; tools donated; situation guaranteed:
catalogue mailed free; discount this month.
Gordon's Barber College, Los Angeles, Cal.
COO MEN to buy new and 2d-band army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 023 Howard St., nr. 5th.
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25o
to COc. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
ALL size men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 200 .rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free ''bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions bas been established at 1038
Valencia st. ¦ ¦ ¦ '
HOUSES AND WAGONS. \
A LOT of horses for sale at ! Arcade Hors*
Market. 327 Sixth st. ; also buggies, wagons.
" harness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday
at 11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. » Auctioneer.
COUNTRY horses for sale; two young draught;
one fine driver, and one fine family carriaga
horse; gentle. Address 977 Seventh ave.,
. East Oakland. .
SAN ROSA saleyard — Horses, harness and bug-
gies bought and sold: new stock always on
hand. 1499 Market st.. corner Eleventh.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
, camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
NEARLY, new- laundry or baker wagon, $40;
phaeton, $25; exp. wagon, cart 2170 Market
TWO horses, double harness and wagon, ex-
press outfit for "sale. 1501 Folsom st., grocery.
FIRST-CLASS light piano box top buggy
cheap. 1S23 Sanchez st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
>. ? '. : HOUSES TO LET.
A^PRINTED list housesTto let: »end for cir-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HOUSES FOR SALE.
I»KW sunny house. 7 rooms; large basement;
yard: fine location; Portola. offVWaller. bet.
Pierce and Steiner. Geo. Moore, 63 Portola.
II YGIENIO HAIR THE ATMENT.
MRS! HARTLAND renews thin, faded and
lusterlesshalr; removes dandruff: has treated
baldness with great success; free consul ta-
tlon. Room 30. Llebes building. 130 Post.
"lost and fouivdT"
LOST— Pocket-book containing ~* R. R ticket
from Cuskanook to Spokane; also a certificate
of deposit on which payment ha* tieen
stopped. Return to 317 Stockton st. and re-
celve rfeward.
LOST — Collie dog: black body, -white on feet
and tip of tall; brown spots over eyes; collar;
license No. 4302. Return to 2310 Washington
¦ at.; reward. ¦
LOST — St. Bernnrd do*, answering to name of
Grover. Return lliu'i Clay st. rear; liberal
reward. ¦
LOST — A bay horse. Return to 3 Llda place,
off ICth st., near Mission; liberal reward.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladles send 10c for list. Mrs, Hertz. 700 E11U.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al» carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anUed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
St.: tel. Bush 421. »
aiEDICALi. -.
A— DR. O'DONNELL, world-renowned special-
ist — Ladles, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped: relief In all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases; free, confidential advice on all subjects
- of a delicate nature; by- consulting him save
time and money. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL,
office and residence 1018 Market, opp. Fifth.
MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladies' specialist;
30. years' 'experience; Instant relief guaran-
teed; home before and during confinement;
.Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
MRS. KOHL, specialist, 41O O'Farren st.
LADIES, consult the original MRS. DA VIES
at the old office. 122S Market st; 30 years'
experience in obstetric and other cases. . t ¦ ,
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, ladles' physician;
private home for confinement ;' babies adopt-
¦ ed ; formerly 1312 G. G. ave. ; now 112 Mason.
HlNDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES', original
- method of- treatment; maternity home; home
In confinement ' 1120 Market st« S. F.
MR3. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience in 3. V. - Ma-
,. ternlty Home. 906 Market St.. opp. Fourth.'
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market — Reliable ladle!-'
specialist; a private home before and during
. confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposite
' Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MIXES AXD ; MIXING. ~~~
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. lawyer.Examlner b!g.. S.
'. F.: branch office. Nome. Alaska, penscn 1902.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPM AN. 105-197 Fremont St.
SECOND-HAND machinery, boUers. engines,
pumps, . dynamos, motors, gasoline' engines,
water , pipe, etc.. bought, sold, rented and
exchanged. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Bcale st.
A— BUYS. ¦ sells or rent.V gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes. 'shafting, pulleys.-
etc. .WHITELAW. 253-253 Spear st.
EAR fixtures; big Ftock: Installments; billiard
and pool table3: easy terms or rented. The
Brunswlck-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
W-INCH Rosbach perforator, foot powgr, $30:
other printing material: we buy, sell or
trade. HOAG. 151 Second st.
FOR '¦ sale— Two , mastiff pups, 8 month3 old ;
j^prize winning stock. Apply, 615 Santa Clara
ave.7 Alame<Ja.
I ¦' .j- EDUCATip IV AL— Contlnned. -. - !
! EXPERT .teacher for children on piano and
mandolin, 50c pupil's horne^ --¦ Box 3707, ¦ Call.
1 MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
¦lessons,' 50c ; : piano for practice. 39 Fifth st
KENT Law School, day and night, C54 Parrott
- .building .(Emporium); send for' catalogue." ;
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. .1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
_ MISS M.;G. BARRETT, H02 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin guitar. Prof. MERKI 4 good
teacher. 1008 Mission : instruments . selected.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Pitman shorthand. ¦ typing, bookkeep. : $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post" st, S. F. :
founded -1863: new SO-page catalogue free.
1 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES..
A— JAPANESE reliable, house-cleaning, cooks,
and waiters furnished at short notice. Geo.
Klnoshlta. 1233 Page, cor. Lyon; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE end Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. .411 J/fc O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
:- Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
I Grand JapaneSe-Chlnese Emp.Office, 415 Stock-
:ton; tel. Grant 168; expert.-yrellable help. .
I JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook and
J -waiter. 421 Post GEO. AOKI; tel. Bush 135..
JAPANESE; best domeetlc. farming and houst-
¦ cleaning. 528 Stevenson; phone Howard 2504.
1 RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment " Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5168.
I JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish -most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel 516. -
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter :tel. Black 5072.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
SITUATION wanted by an elderly woman to
do general housework; small American fam-
• lly. Call 1405 Golden Gate ave., near Steiner,
present employer. / ; - '
COMPETENT Swiss girl wishes a position for
. upstairs work and sewing: state name and
wages; city references. Address B.; E., 40
. Collingwood st. ' \ ' :. ¦_¦ "
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day, wash-
Ing, v Ironing and house-cleaning; $1 day.
I MRS. BONITA, 1103 Powell st.
RELIABLE German woman,\ good all-around
cook, wants situation: state wages, with par-
tlculars. Box 3755, Call office.
WOMAN want3 work by the day, washing or
cleaning. ' 14 Hayes st:. near Larkln. • \
A GIRL wishes second work, and assist with
children, or plain sewing. Box 3761, Call.
SITUATION .wanted by a Swedish girl to do
general housework in small family; flat pre-
ferred. Apply at pastor's residence of the
Swedish M. E. Church, 1039 Minna St., bet.
Eleventh and Twelfth sts. . -.y
AN experienced nurse. : wishes engagements;
surgical or confinement cases; reasonable;
reference .given. Call or address Ladles'
I Nurse. 127 Seventh st.
j SKILLED lady 3tenograph£r. - and typewrltist
1 • now open for engagement; will 'accept mod-
• crate salary if allowed outside work. Box
3887, Call office. .. :.\ • .
FIRST-CLASS Swedish waitress . wants posi-
tion in hotel. or first-class restaurant; sleep
at home. Address 133 First st
GERMAN woman with a child wishes position
to do cooking or housework. Call or write
to M. ST., 70S Folsom st •
COMPETENT^, young woman desires position
cooking or general housework. Apply 1035
Market st. MRS. RAY.
WOMAN wishes position to do chamber work
or housekeeper where there are no children ;
country preferred. 523 Howard St. : .
WOMAN wishes situation" washing and ironing
by day.. 1516 Central ave., near Post st. i
1 A WOMAN wants work by the week. Please
call or address 746 Howard St., room 6.
' WANTED— By - young woman of good family
I and education, position as secretary, com-
j panion or governess. Address 'box 232, Santa
! Barbara, Cal.-
SEAMSTRESS would like a few more engage-
ments by the day. MISS B. GRAUFFEL,
45 Franklin st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage t$ and from ferry. ; ,¦ .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A. BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
jnibscriptlons has . been established at 1096
.•Valencia st. -.-.-. - - . •-¦¦
EMPLOYMEyT WANTED— MASE.
FIRST-CLASS florist, landscape and , vegetable
gardener, also pruning and grafting, wishes
position on a nrlvate place, ¦ city or country;
best recommendations for many years in all
branches. -Address box 3760, Call office.
GOOD stenographer, with ' private practlce,-
wants desk room, use of typewriter and
small compensation, In return for limited
services and supervise office; best references.
Box 3754, Call office. • .
BARTENDER, steady and sober man. long
experience, wants position: references. Box
3758, Call office. . .
YOUNG German wishes to learn butcher busi-
ness; has experience . In cutting meat Ad-
dress box 8780. Call office.
BARTENDER or waiter; first-class man open
for engagement. Address Experience, box
37S6. Call office. f
FIRST.CLASS traveling . salesman, with long
experience In groceries, spices, whisky, cigars
' and hardware, Is op<m for engagement. Ad-
dress box 4005, Call office. ¦ J
MARINE and stationary engineer wants post-
tlon; first-class references. Box 4008, Call.
YOUNG man wants a position as bartender; 8
, years' experience; German. EDPIE TONIS-
. SON, 737 Mission «t." - ,- '
SITUATION wanted by a practical mechani-
cal pnslneer; expert. In burning oil; can put
In all fittings. Address A. L.. 11 Eddy st.
COACHMAN and gardener; English; thorough,
practical; references; at \lberty March 8.
Box 8071. Call office.
JAPANESE laundryman wants place to - do
washing In family in this city. T. TOKA.
YADA, 122 f > Devlsadero; phone Jackson 330.
JAPANESE boy wnnts position worklnr t.or 2
.hours in th» morning. T. T., 2401. California
»t.; tel. Geary .798. f •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at C;ill branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been / established at 1006
Valencia st. ' - ¦
J^^^^I^NAN^MT^^^^^.
COMPANIES Incorporated, promoted, guaran-
teed and finance* ; stock taken in payment
for services; good propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. U. S. licensed
. stock brokers 326 Post st
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices, in operation; new method of-
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten.- Call
or address main office. 507-S-9 Parrott bldg.
"¦ """Tflats.-to'let;.:. -'.,.'.;-¦ '
A— LIGHT,- air, sunshine; 6-room flats facing
Golden Gate Park; 2 gas grates;, 753 to 705
Sixth ave.; McAllister, Geary and Sutter
• street cars . to - the - door. • -. :
JESSIE, 1332. off Hermann, near Junction . of
Valencia — $8; sunny, flat 3 rooms. ' . .:
A— 509 TO" 529 : Frederick st, -near Stanyan;
5 to 8 roomnew houses and flats; .low, rent.
$18— FLAT of 5 rooms and bath: -571'. Hayes
. st,. - near. Laguna ; ' no small children. . , - -
EL^ ave., 210V4 near Van Ness— $20; 4 sun-
' ny rooms and bath;.; gas; ; water..: -.
HANDSOMELY furnished modern five-room
flat for sale cheap. 647 Ellis st. ; '¦- .¦-.>..
UPPER flat of 7 rooms and bath: medern.
. DO'. Devlsadero st. near McAllister. . ;
$12 — NICE sunny flat. 28 Cedar ave., bet.
Larkln and Polk sts. ¦ .
¦•". :/¦'¦'¦"" " FI 'ATS ' WANTED. : .j. ';..'¦
WANTED-^Emall. furnished flat; reasonable;
. references exchanged. Box ; S7&4. ¦ Call office.
FLATS FOR SALE. V .:, .,
$5000— SACRIFICE; nice flats; welK rented;
Mission, warm belt. Owner. •T)or t 3763, : . Call.
. >.. 'FURNITURE- FOR' SALE. , . . a
4 ROOMS furnished in V oak~$48 50. with No.' 7
¦- range. King . Furniture. Co.. 11,27-1131 Market-
SIX rooms; furnished;! all rented; corner.flat;
alro, '. wo .bicycles cheap.- ,874 Howard; st. ; „.
FURNITURE seven rooms for sale;/' modern,
eunriy flat for rent. .»367 Polk st. ./ V : .-¦¦
FOR sale-^-Furrilture of 3 rooms; flat for rent;
SI 2. .1C22B Howard .St. '- ;'.-' '
¦__•.:'-'¦ . F UftNITUKE WANTED. ;
A. .WOLLPERT." 773 Mission St.. pays highest
. , price for second-hand furniture; tel. 'Red 1354.1
-¦¦ ¦ : > v gloves." ¦-.:. ¦ '",: ¦••¦•¦-.•.-•:
D. & F. BLACK suede glove; best In the world;
*", warranted; kept In repair. ,121 Grant ave._"
H^^HflH^HiHNHBHtfflBMHBHHHHHRui
: -::._ ,. HELP WANTE ID— FEM ALE. ¦
MRS. M. ' E. • DAT & CO. . . . . Phone Main- 1575
¦ : v. . :.:.-. : -hotel, department ¦ .... . —
0 ' waitresses. r - first-class ¦ commercial hotels,
'-$25,. fares paid; 20 ', waitresses,- .city and
country, 520, '. $25; '; chambermaid, short dls-
.. tance, §20; ' chambermaid, rooming house, ¦ $7
week, sleei)'. home;^2 women, dish pantry,
$25, first-class hotel, sleep home; 3 . cham-
bermaids, . to • wait. ' $20.
.....'.. . . FAMILY .r DEPARTMENT
' " A cook '¦ for - across the bay, $30, 3 In f arc-
', Hy,. very choice place; housegirl, 2 in fam-
ily, $25; houseglrls;-$25, $30; 2 second girls,
$20, $25-...............................:....
MRS. M. E. DAY &: CO... ...335 Geary st
LEON : ANDRE'S . Employment- "Office, 316
Stockton st. — 2 second -.' girls, $25; German
- cook, . $35; American "cook and down stairs,
$25; German nurse, and" seamstress. $25;
' Protestant chambermaid and sewing; French
cook, . $25. . ' •
FROM this date on and until further notice we
will Instruct inexperienced hands the trade
of * making overalls free of charge; will be
paid while, learning. LEVI- STRAUSS &
1 CO. , 32% Fremont st. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
; '•¦ ¦¦ .\' : i; ¦ •" I W*^-
ELDERLY ' woman (German preferred) for
housework; $12-$15 month; 2 In family. 2682B
: 1 Folsom st, after 4 p. m..
WANTED— Experienced nurse to take care of
• children. Apply between 10 and 12 at 1453
Franklin , st.
COMPETENT German cook; small washing;
assist in light housework. Apply 1715
Broadway. '
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted , at 20
Third st. ¦-.'•. ¦ .. - ¦ / '
A NEAT girl for general housework. Call at
. 2714 Sacramento st.
GERMAN girl wanted; general housework;
good wages. 2327 Bush st. near Pierce.
GIRL_ for general housework; three in fam-
ily ;*German preferred. 2405 .Webster st ¦
WAITRESS wanted at Central -Restaurant.
1101 Market street.
CHAMBERMAID at the Manhattan House.
825 Battery St. . ,
NEAT girl 'for general housework and assist
with cooking. 12^8A Fulton st
GIRL to work In kitchen small restaurant; $4
week and room. 2585 Market, nr. Sixteenth.
GOOD operator on pants. 3G Geary St., room'
S3. J v
FIRST-CLASS helpers on. waists and skirts.
610 Ellla at. ;. .. • . - I
GIRL or middle-acred woman; assist light
hougework. Apply at 1314 Jackson st.
DRESSMAKER wanted to work In store;
steady work. 305C Twenty-fourth st
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. • ¦ . • : ¦
AN i apprentice to learn vest making; one who
can sew. -712 Taylor st. •
WANTED — Experienced saleslady. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m., HALE BROS.
ENERGETIC ambitious woman for good busi-
ness opening. . Box 3791, Call.
WANTED — First-class waist hands; also sleeve
makers; none others need apply.- 121 Post
St.. room 3.
FIRST-CLASS operators; also finishers on
vests. 230% Ninth st . . ¦¦¦¦¦..
APPRENTICES wanted. Palace Mllllnerv.
1036 Market st. . —-. - •
WANTED — Experienced operators on"- Iadie3'
waists and underwear; steady work; good
pay; electric power. MARKS BROS., 1212
Market st. , / .-. . x :
TAILORESS wanted; first-class on -fine coats;
good operator; best pay;' steady work. .410
Kearny st., room 20. . •. ¦ •
EXPERIENCED finishers : and apprentices on
ladles' silk waists; good, pay; steady work.
-San Francisco Mfg. Co., 523 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' silk
waists; good pay; stea'dy work. /San Fran-
cisco Mfg. Co., 523 Market st '
WANTED — Operators on fronts. Apply THE
, L. ELKUS CO., 23-31 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' hairdressers and ven-
tilators. 40 Geary st.
NEAT girl for general housework In bakery;
wages $20. 011%' Larkln st. ¦ '
WANTED — Immediately 3 ambitious girls to
learn hairdresslng from A to Z In 2 week3
and take charge of private customers where
you can earn $50 per xnorfth; course $5. Col-
lege. 233 Geary Bt. rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Lady between 45 and 55: will give
free treatment for wrinkles. The Harris In-
stitute of l3ermatology, 508 Sutter St.; Bow-
• hay. building.- .".",- •'"•-:
WANTED— Experienced I lroners and mangle
hand;- - OAKLAND LAUNDRY CO.. *690 29th
st, Oakland.
GIRLS from 15 to 17 for factory work. Apply
. at once. AMES A HARRIS. 100 Sacramento.
V A 'GERMAN woman as governess; state re-
llglon; salary $30. Box 29&t.Call office.
*A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons has been established at 1C96
Valercla st. :
HELP, WASTED MALE.
A— MURRAY & READY...... Phone Main 8S18
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Office open to-day 7 a. m...,
Miners .....Gold and silver mln«s
3 more miners, new mine ~..$75
4 miners, south $58 and found
'2 single hand miners $75
Blacksmith, for shop, 25c fare.... $40 and fd
Camp blacksmith, near city, $2 60 to $3 a
day; boltmaker, • $3 CO day; man to herd
sheep, $15 and found; 3 pruners, vineyard,
. $30 and found; 4 milkers,' same dairy, north,
$35 and found; 15 milkers, other* places, $30
and $35; 5 choremen and boys
250 woodchoppers. cheap R. R. fares, new
camp, good timber, big wages: 50 woodchou-
pers, 80 C to $2 cord; 23 tlemakeri, 10o each,
' cheap fare.
Stenographer and bookkeeper for lumber com-
pany $50
Milk wagon driver, $40; aecond.cook. mine.
$40 and found; baker. Institution, $90 and
.found; second cook, $12 week; 7 cooks, dif-
ferent places, (35 to $G0; ft waiters. ¦ -
* MURRAY & READY, 031-U3B gay Bt.
AT C. R. HAN8EN"&~CO.'S....104 Geary St.
Rallrond Work. Free Fare.
'. . For Chatsworth Park.
• Big Tunnel.
60 headers and drillers $2 60 a day
CO muckers ....$2 00 a day
• For railroad work In California.
RO laborers : Free fare
Free fare. Ship Dally. Freo Fare.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....'..
Chef for restaurant. $100; second cook ' for
restaurant, city, $70; broiler, restaurant,
city, $70; butcher, for an institution, $30;
neat . young man to carry oft dishes and
learn waiting, country hotel, $25; butler,
with good reference, private family. $40;
cook, private boarding house, $40; second
cook, hotel, city, $35; porter, who knows
something of electricity, $35; porter, for an
institution. $30; waiter, hotel, city, $30;
German waiter, country hotel, $30; 20 kitch-
en hands, dishwashers and others, $20 to $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO......... 104 Geary St.
2 MILK wagon drivers, $30 and $40 and found;
2 vineyard 'men, $1 a day and board; chore-
man for resort, $15 and found; assistant
gardener, $25 and found: 'blacksmith helper.
$1 50 to- $3 day; milker. $30 and found; 2
woodchoppers. $1 25 cord, and others
" J. F. CROSETT & CO., C28 Sacramento st
COOK and wife, country hotel, $00 and
found; cook and wife, city. $55 and -found;
restaurant second cook. $40: broiler.. $10
.'.week: butler 'for country, $50 and found;
'barkeeper, $40 and. found; pantryman, $22 50
and. found: hotel porter, country, : $25 ' and
found; dishwashers, waiters and others. ....
J. F. CROSETT & CO., C2S Sacramento st.
AT W. : D. EWER & CO.' S . . .:.".. 610 Clay st
Choreman and wife for orchard.... $40
Plow - hand • for orchard ............. .$20
Butter . micer and milk. Sonoma" Co*. . . . .$35
•• Butter, maker and milk, Marln Co.:.. ...$30
* Strong boy for carriage shop... '.$7 a week
Chore boy. for ranch. . . . •"."• ............. .$15
¦Brick burner, near city.. ........ $2 50 a day
.Coopers' slack work... ..'..... .$30 and found
ANDRE'S Office. 316. Stockton «t. — Fry cook.
$75; second • cook, ' $45 : young man . for. coun-
try hotels, $20;- second butler, $35: man for
private. Dlace." $30: • assistant confectioner,
. $30. gardener for. nursery, etc. : .
FRENCH or : German barkeeper for .first-class
\wlne and liquor store.' 'Apply with refer-
ences at ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st ¦_;
WANTED — Good coatmaker to go - to coun-
try. Call DETMER WOOLEN CO., 643
' Market st. :-¦¦..
BLACKSMITHS, carpenters,, green hands and
seamenfor ships at HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart
WANTED— Cash boys; $15 a month, ROOS
BROS.. 25-37 Kearny st.
WANTED — Driver solicitor , for ; dyeing • and
cleaning works. -1643 Market Jst.
WANTED— A boy not under, lo^years,: in con.-
';: f eptlonery. , 150^ . Geary ¦ st*. j 1 . '^
WANTED — Neat boy for merchant tailor. Ap-
ply 108 Powell st... ¦' ¦ . ,
.WANTED-^Physlcian ¦ for: . special practice.
. Box 3785. Call. 1 - :, ... •¦- ¦
DISHWASHER wanted:; good home' to right
1 party. \ Call ¦ after 7 a.. m., 1581 Valencia st.
BLACKSMITH'S helper wanted. - 437 Francis-
co at. .. _^ .
DISHWASHER wantrd. . 400 Tenth st. .
BARBER wanted. 39 Turk at. : .
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE — Con.
A — $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hat3. $1 75. Popu- j
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st. near Piae. y ¦¦*
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. - $2 751 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Mont'gy.
$5 — SINGER sewing machine In good order.
1571 Market st. near Twelfth.
FOR sale-^2 Gordon setters; also 5 Spaniels;
very chc&p. 503 Pest st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
Wall paper 3c. worth 10c; paperhanging, paint-
Ing. Merigan. 1002 Webster; tel. Jack3on 1321/
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order; complete; cheap. 1915 Mission.
BOATS, launches rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 396 Mission st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE, 133 Beale st. ____^
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HEU-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. . Krogh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenson.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, will call anywhere
within 25 miles of city. Box 3276. Call office.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also genta'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton st; phone Bush 484. ¦ . -.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jesale 2S51.
A— HERMAN MURPHY 601-602 Examiner W»
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates....
On First and Second Mortgages
On Life Interests In. Estates •
Property Being Held In Trust • _
Undivided Interests in Real Estate
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Piobate;
Financial Problems of all sorts and sizes.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. tSOl-602 Examine*
A A— MANHATTAN LOA-N CO. (Inc.). *
$300,000 at 5% & 8 per cent in sums to suit;
City Oakland. Town and Country property:
second mortgages, life Insurance and securl.
ties ¦ loana on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests, in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN.
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages.. »
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest -in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities.- manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loana. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSBX.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office 103 Grant are., near
Geary st; phone Red 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 849
Market at.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages St on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St.. room3U.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal: low rates; confident
tlal-WHITEHEAD (Wilson's). 1710 Market.
ANY amount lowest rate, on piano, furniture or
household, goods, without removal ;confldent!al.
' ORMSBY.2C Montgomery st.opp.Llcic House.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms ;no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by prlvata
party; no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$1000 TO loan, in part or whole, on collateral
or real estate: low rate. Box 3343. Call.
$5 50 PER month repays $1000 loan; Stop pay.
Ing rent. MURDOCK. 514 Pine st
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month, on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos: no com.: prtvata
party.' St. Ann's bldg.. 6 Eddy, rm. 72. 4th flr.
Money loaned salaried peopl9 without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 Californta.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
tndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up; no re-
moval. Phone Black 1700. Room 81. 6 Eddy.
ON salaries, N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper. dis-
counted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
¦ • i ¦ « .
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st
IF you want a home I -will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. VJ 222* Sangoma st.
ON salaries without lndorser; other proposl-
tions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big. .
LOANS money on salary; no lndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 303 Phplan bldg.
'MUSICAL IXSTRCT1EXTS.
WE are offering the best Inducements Imagin-
able on new pianos; having made a Changs
In some of our agencies the stock on hand of
the old lines will be marked right down to
bedrock, so as to close them out quickly;
there are only a few — about a dozen — so ther»
must be no delay If you are to have one of
them; we are agents for Decker. Wlssner,
Baumelster and Stoddard; all of them th«
very best for the price. THE ZENO MAU-'
VAI3 MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
AOAIN"%e remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chtcaco and Includes the most rellabla
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of $U per month; lomo jcoo<t
pianos for $'i, $* and $5 per month. SIIEU-
MAN, CLAY ft CO., Stelnway dealer*, cornar
Kearny and Sutter sts., 8an Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth »t. Oakland.
ATTENTION'. BARGAIN-HUNTERS— *
Becond-hand upright pianos from $33 un.
Second-hand square ptanoa from $30 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
Tlanos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ A
SON. 16 to 20 O'Famll. Checkering. Masoa
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos. .
ALL bargains on account of removal. Alt 6
pianos must be stored, rented or sold on ac-
count of damp walls. New pianos $0S up-
second-hand. $35 up; standard makes $l«5
up. Be sure and tnve*t1*ate this great oal«
before purchasing. HEINE PIA>IO CO
Geary St., opp. Union Square. *
ANY piano sold ¦ by us taken back - any tlm«
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed en a new peerless Knab», at regular
price; costs you only 20c * day t» buy »
piano from us. KOHLKR & CHA33 30
O'Farrell st : established 1830.
SOHMER & CO. planes; 'Byron Mausy pianos-
Lester pianos; Splelmann pianos; Ceclllari
perfect piano player; pipe organs. 303. 310 1
312 Post st. '¦-'-./
SMALL upright. $33; lartre cabinet grand up-
right. $150; square pianos. $35 up; a B
Cameron, walnut case, almost new. $275
Bowers & Son. 23 Cth St.. Ivera & Pond agtsT
WE offer for one week 12 beautiful pianos at
bargain prices from $S5 up. F. W. SPEN-
CER & CO.. corner Sutter and Powell sta.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; price $100 up-
ward: value* best in the city. PIERCE'3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14tn and Church.
A FINE lot of artistic pianos now on display"
at the new music store of The Wiley B. Allen
Co.. 031 Market st.
AT auction prices. 37 ptanoa this week dirt
cheap: new and second-hand for storage and
advances. WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
PARTY sacrifices account death in family,
large new 3-pedaI upright piano. 522 Eddy. .
STOCK of ptanoa turned over to me to be o'«
fered at sacrifice. HAMILTON. 3 Flood blg.^l
BARGAIN, great sacrifice; 2 uprights, nearly
new. JOS. SCHMITg & CO.. 18 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st. near Market—
Shor.lr.ger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains.
STILT, renting- new pianos. $.1 per month.
¦ SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayen »t.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H~
MTTLL'ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham placw.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS bid?.. 927 Market *t: of-
fices with light, heat and Janitor $15 to $20.
ASHTON & GARDINER. ."....
STJXNT offlers J+st below Kearny st. ; $10;
«1«««» 1arc«» store. Keys 63ft Clav *t.. room 1. '
y OIL.
OIL tank*. 2nd-hand. tn irood order- all sizes:
fr-»«r-. TT. f». WWITFV ->.?(V-it2 T>al» «t. r
_^^^ T i^?~^L. D DECORATORS.
PAPERING room, walls. $1 50; painting $H
whitening. >ac. Painter, box 5866. Call.
FinST-CT.ASS work; low rates: get fltrurea. J
C. ROMATNP! B4O Q <-, « r . . %i P .-,, k 143a
¦—^m*m —^ mi^m^mmmam ¦»«— —^— — — — — ¦
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
ABSOLUTELY FREkTco* U r LTATi'0N—A;i
diseases of men and wom»» treated success-
fully. Prepare all medicines myseU. DO.
. rORDEN/No. C Turk st.. earner Maaon.
A—/>R. OLIVK GHUVER, lady physician an<l\
sArgeon. at 1123 Market «t : hours 10 to g. -V
DR^;, C ,\, O ' r>OXNELL — Q tfl c° and residenc*^
; 102114 Market it. bet. Slith and BeyentX^"
BUSINESS CHANfcE S—-Contlnned.
Joseph straub, . . • v
850 Market st. corner Stockton. -^ i
Telephone Grant 1(7.
Real Estate Acent. ¦ .
-Property Bought and Sold.
Rente Collected. , ". .
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business . ,- .. • ¦ ' <
, - , Agent.
A — Bar and care In i wholesale district; good
paying place; rent $60'; price $1500.
A— French wine and liquor saloon: corner on
Montgomery st; rents $50; price $900.
A — Saloon and restaurant on Market st. ; party
leaves city; low rent; lease; price $2100.
A— Restaurant: short distance from San Fran-
cisco; established 14 years and doing a good
business; party going East; price $600.
A — Bakery, south of Market St.: reason for sell-
ing old age and sickness; rent $50; store. and
11 rooms; $900.
A— Saloon; "cor., near City Hall;" good chance
• for any one; 6 fine rooms .upstairs; low
rent; price $3000.
A — French restaurant south of Market st ;
price $250; willing to take a partner.
A — Bakery and restaurant oir principal street;
a money-maker; price $10,000. ', ,
A — Saloon; good paying place In the vicinity of
newspapers' row; call and investigate; price
$3000. '
A— Saloon near the Palace Hotel; call and ln-
. vestlgate.
A — Delicatessen store ana. lunchroom; a- very
• good stand; on one of our principal business
ets.; 3 living rooms; rent $14v price $300.
A — Saloon on Sansome Bt ; owner not able to
attend on account of other business; only
$300. • . . " ¦. .
A — Hotel In a live Interior city; one hour's
ride from San Francisco; 42 rooms: 47 beds;
parlor; large. barroom; large light dining-
room: 35-40 boarders; 2 wagons, cart, horse,
pigs and chickens; long lease; only $4000.
A— Grocery, bar -and cigar stand; good corner;
on Geary st. near Kearny; long lease; rent
$40; price $2500.
A — Blacksmith shop near San Jose; 2 forges,
tools and woodworkers' outfit; $250 In stock;
price $500.
¦ A— Restaurant on Fourth st ; receipts $50';
lease; rent $25; price $1000. ' y ; v- ; :
A— Saloon and lodging-house; 8 '. furnish'ed
rooms upstairs; price $700.
A — Bar and grillroom; near Market st. ; average
receipts $50; large basement suitable^or
bowling alleys; rent $85. •-
A — Half-Interest In a scod paying grocery and
bar; call and Investigate. *
A — Candy and Icecream parlor; %ood location
and good business; owner cannot give it his
attention; price $1000.
JOS. STRAUB,
S50 Market st. cor. Stockton.
A — BARGAIN; cigar stand; money-maker; lo-
cated on very busy corner wholesale district;
beautiful fixtures; reasonable rent; high class
trade: must be seen to be appreciated. - C. L:
HEDGES, 461-162 Parrott bldg., 825 Market.
A — 40 CIGAR stands; prices $75 to $1500;
profits $2 to $8 daily; rents $6 to $125 month.
I can cell you a first-class stand at Invoice.
C. L. HEDGES, 4C1-4C2 Parrott building. \
$225 — MANUFACTURING business; 140 store
customers; good horse and wagon; this will
bear Investigation; no agents.. Call at 0W»
, 7th Et., Oakland;. selling account of sickness.
$350— RESTAURANT worth $700; good loca-
tion; must be sold. McBRIDE & CO.,7t55 Mkt.
$250 — CIGAR store: worth $400; good location;
sale at Invoice. McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Markt.
GOOD INVESTMENT!
A manufacturing company which owns the
most valuable, invention- ever patented, con-
sisting of a heating apparatus whereby, gas is
generated for fuel of 85 per cent of compressed
air and with 15 per . cent of crude oil, which
makes fuel 50 per. cent cheaper. than any other
heat known for boilers, stoves,, ranges, smelt-.
Ing furnaces and thawing machines- for Alaska.
We offer 15,000 shares, $10 par value^'fully
paid up, non-aesessable, foifi$2 50 per share for
sale. We have a large factory in Hoboken, N.
J., In operation and will also have one" factory
soon In Ban Francisco for the Pacific Coast.
Please address for Information or shareau-ln lots
of 10 The Arctic Rapid Heating and Thawing
Company, rooms 459-451, ¦ Parrott building, San
Francisco, . Cal. K
A — MFG. business netting $15,000 annually will
be sold at a ridiculously low figure; owner
compelled to move East "account larger in-
terests. Any one wishing Al business see my
agent. C. L. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott bldg.
HEALY & CARR, « Eddy st, San Francisco,
rooms 18 and 19. Phone James 2771 — We. sell
all kinds -of- business opportunities, city and
country real estate^ . Call or write for our
printed lisl properties- for sale and exchange.
OUR New Alternating System of turf specula-
tion is the safest and most - profitable ever
devised; average monthly profits over 80 per
cent; explanation free. N. S. HAND & CO.,
Expert Handicappers, 113 Stockton Et.
A — $300: PARTNER wanted: suited to steady
young man satisfied with $18 to $25 a week;
no experience required; trial given before
buying:. 25 Geary St., room 4.
$300— BARGAIN; old-established,? Rood-paying
lunch house. -Owner, box 37C2. Call office.
CORNER saloon, rent $18, with 3 furnished
rooms, will- be sold cheap If called for at
once. Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN,
Seventh and Mission sts. ¦
$1050 — WHOLESALE and retail candy factory;
situated best part of city; doing good bual>
ness; satisfactory reason given for celling;
no agents. Box 375!), Call office.
1 BARGAIN — Foirnlture; crockery store: living
rooms; no dealers. 234 Fourth st
IF you are seeking safe and profitable invest-
ment, write for prospectus of the Metropoli-
tan Horse Owners' (Co-operative) Association
(Incorporated under New York Statn laws);
a limited number of share at $100 each. N.
8. HAND. Secretary. 118 Stockton st
FOR sale — Only photo gallery, city 0000. with
or without building, bringing: $S0 month be-
sides: competition Improbable. L. A. KE-
MECK, BUbfe, Ariz. .
$200 — PARTNER wanted ; good place for steady
young man. 40 Ellis rt., room 31.
FOR sale— Oyster and chophou**,- $3.V); doing
cood business; trial given. 2840 Baker st.
GOOD saloon — Must be sold at once; $1400.
Room 16, 1Q49A Market et
$1000 WILL buy an old paying drug store In
. this city. DR. THRASHER. 1170 Market st
A BARGAIN — Delicatessen and home cooking;
j to lady or man and wife: Apply Call office. >
CIGAR stand, water front; sacrifice; 'depart-
ure Alaska; come make offer. 204 East Et.
ESTABLISHED fruit store; good trade; 4 liv-
ing roomst rent $20; stable. Call office.
FOR Sale — A complete photo gallery outfit: alsa
a Marsh Imp. miter box cheap. ' 338' Hayes.'
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A — WE offer any of following. on easy terms:
70 rms.; elegant; long lease; clears $400.$CSOO
10 rooms; selling on account of death... 400
20 rooms; clears $125; payments 1000.
16 rooms; Eddy st.;. reduced to 300
5 rooms; flat; bargain 200
22 rooms; 3d St.; clears $100; payments.. ' 700
I 10 rooms; Jones-et corner; only.........* 275
7 rooms ; bargain ; easy terms 300
C8 rooms; corner; clears $400 3500
17 rooms; clears $75; only. i_ 250
19 rooms; rent $40; clears $G0.. ......;." 450
A. H. RETSLOFF & CO.; phone John 531.
006 Market St.. cor. Ellis, room 12.
A— : Near The Call building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 71!) Market et. rms 1-2.
MONEY- TO LOAN.'.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office. 1
All for sale on easy terms. Please call.
6 rooms; cor.; rent $23; good furniture. $350
10 rooms; cost $1200; cherry and mahoK. 650
14 rooms; clean; full of men; clears $45. 700
21 rooms; expenses $102; Incomti $225;
perm, roomers; all new; mod. improv.
30 rooms ; cor. ; cleared $6C0 in 0 mo.. , 1500
50 rooms; ¦ cor.; n. Market; clears $150.. 2800
WINSTON & WOLF . .*."¦
1026 Market st.7. ....... .IO2C Market St..
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
.20 rooms, rent $00; must sell .'.!.. .$1100
20 rooms, rent $65; good location. ....'... • 030
26 rooms, rent $75: near Sutter st...... 1700
29 rooms, rent . $75; • offices; good. ..'.... 1400
40 rooms, rent $75;. see. this.. 17C0
We Have Many More Such Bargains.
DOVAtP INVESTMENT COMPANY. ' ' ¦'.
F50 Market st (Inc.) .... Phone Davis \28l.'
Reliable dealers In rooming-houses, hotels,
business . chances and . real estate.
. We furnish : vacant houses "and
Loan money at lowest" rate*. /
Something new every day. - /
N ew- houses to lease. ;¦ ! ' '
A. CAMERON & CO., - . .'. ¦ • - ¦¦. ¦ 7~-
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton Rt.. • \
Rooms 21. 22. '23. Phone ¦ Bush 328. .
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to. sell, list with us; buyers call; we. can suit
"you; have" bargains. In hotels, ' lodging-houses,
flats;. all sizes and prices; in all parts of' city.
LODGING-HOUSES, hotels and flats in every
location, all sizes and prices; ranches, 5 acres
" up; houses and lots In nearly every city for
pale or exchange; business chances of every-
kind. L. W. Rogers, formerly - with Decker, is
now with us. Krasky's- Fur.Co-.lOtOA Market
MrBRIDE & CO.. 7B5 Market; phone Red 34:53.
¦ • Buyers • for lodging-houses': call and see our
large list, from $300 to $0000; : fair and hon-
est trade: sellers, list your houses with us for
quick sales.. "- r ; 'S' '
S AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
until 12 o'clock every night In' the year." -
BRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:*!0 p. m. ;
KSt McAllister street; open until 0:30 p. m-|
815 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m. ¦
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. . ¦ '
2281 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 p. m.
10(5 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1TO6 Valencia ttrect: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky Ftreets open until 9 p. m. '
J200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. - '.*j,
FUNERAL NOTICE— California Com- •*• ,
mandery No. 1. K. T. — Officers and &*p
members are hereby notified to assem- KJl
Me. in the asylum on MONDAY, Wp
March 3. at 1:15 p. m., for the pur- ,
pose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased frater. SIR ALEXANDER MARTIN.
By order of the Commander. - - ¦ ;
HIRAM T. GRAVES, Recorder.
APTLUM of Golden Gate Commandery «*Jt-ff
No 16. K. T.. <525 Sutter st— Stated
assembly THIS EVENING, at 8 IJUfj
o'clock. Ail fraters are courteously
Invited. •.
Hnwa H D LOVELAXD, Em. Com.
THEO FROLICH, Recorder.
EAN FRAXCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal J»
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVEN- »*^1
ING. Business. Degrees 5 snd 6. 5&JT
H. G. PRINCE, Secretary. '.yr *
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. & A. m
M.— THIS 'MONDAY) EVENING _JV_
at 7:.°/t o'clock; stated meeting. aL/Ik
WALTER G. ANDERSON, Sec. ' V
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. & A. •
M.— Stated meeting THIS DAY
(MONDAY). March 3. 1002, at 7:C0 tfV
o'clock p. m. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. »
M. — Officers and members are respect-
fully requested to assemble at the Tem- Sg: t?
pie. MONDAY. March 3, at 1:30 r^r>
o'clock, for the purpose of/ conducting the
funeral services of our late brother and Past
Master. ALEXANDER MARTIN. By order
of the W. M. H. J. OWEN. Secretary."
PIOXEERS — The regu- -vfiSaSftw.**?**^.-'
lar monthly meeting /*^T.!3v'»v*KVfi>v i
of vhe Society of Cai- '
ifornia Pioneers will t **«5^jfeftKjyi?*?
be held on MONDAY.
o' clock p. m. A full
attendance is requested. J. I. SPEAR. Sec.
ST. ANDREW'S Society — On account v CT v^
of the death of a prominent mem- 3W «i(J
bpr of the society the open meeting
which »a« to be held this (Monday) «LJ"»
evening has .been postponed to MONDAY
EVENING. March 30.
GEO. ST. J. BREMNER. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting — The regular an- *$^?
nual meeting of the 'Stockholders in KL%
the A. O. F. Hall Association of jf\
San Francisco will be held In Ex- l
telsior Hall, A. O. F. building, 102 O'Far-
rell st.. San Francisco. Cal., on SATURDAY,
tie Sth day of March. 1002. at 7:30 p. m.
D.' E. BESECKER, President
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
MARINE Engineers' Benfeflcial Aesoclation No.
35 — Members are hereby notified to attend
the funeral of our deceased brother JAMES
V. MAHOXEY. late chief engineer steam-
ship Acapulco, MONDAY, March 3. at 9
o'clock, from undertaking parlors of CAREW
& ENGLISH. 29 Van Ness ave.
JOHN J. MORIARTY. President
H. B. LESTER. Cor. Sec
AXVJAL MEETING — Hakalau Plantation
7 Comiatty — The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Hakalau Plantation Com-
pany will be held at the office of (he com-
pany, S27 Market St.. in the city and county
of Sun Francisco. . State - of California, on
WEDNESDAY, the 8th day of March. 1902.
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to rerre
Icr the ensuing year and for the transaction
of such ctfcer business as may come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on
Friday. February 21. 1902. at 3 o'clock
p. m. H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
TO the stockholders of the Mercedes Oil and
TVveloptaent Co. — Notice is hereby given that
the annual meeting: of the stockholders of
thp Mercedes pil and Development Company
will be held the office of the company,
1015 CJaus Epreckels bid?., San Francisco.
Cal.. on the 10th of March. 1902, at 5 p. xn.
By the board of directors.
J. C. K. EDWARDS. Secretary. ¦
THF: California Debris ¦Commission havlnr re-
ceived an application to mine by the hydraulic
process from C. L. Canfleld, In the Blue Tent
r"oTsp2.r.y Mine, near Nevada City, Nevada
Co.. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
nine, triv** notice that a meeting will be held
ft room 53. Flood building, San Francisco,
**»'.. «ti M»rfh in. 1002/ at 1:80 t>. m.
ASTROLOGY.
HOROSCOPES cast;feture predicted; readings
by rnsll If desired. Raymond. 227 Taylor st
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
K. XT. KIXG. atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases: damages, estates, -wills, mort-
gages, partnership, attachments, collections,
etc.: legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick; quiet;
no rharr«» without success: established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market St.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. "W.
TV. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
ADVICE free: open every evening; low fees;
all ccner. J. M. THURSTOX, 819 Market st.
L. fi. CLARK. Kmma Rpreckels bldpr.. f)27 Mar-
V"t rt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BICYCLES— For Sale'or Exchange,
ALLEN Is selling Eureka bicycles fast: cwell-
fst thlrg cut: seency Columbia. Monarch, oth-
»rr; reralrlrg. b»H». Twrnnn.. 301 Larkln st
DIRPS. DOGS, ETC. ~
WAItBLINQ canaries and all kinds of song;,
talking and fancy btrdi; cold flih, pet stock,
cares, globes, aquariums: bird and animal
U-'<& of nil klndi. 1546 Market «t,bet.6tb& Oth.
pOARPIXG FOR CHILDREX.
Nl'ns-'K wishes children at lowest terms; larsa
sunny yard:phone: nr. school. 1607 California.
HOOK S — XEYV AND OLD.
UOOKB cr nil kind* boutrht: libraries purchased.
H. C. Hf.lmrs. 1UB Market: tel. Howard 1MB.
Bl'SIXBSS CHANCES. ~
A— J2.V 1 ; CJGAR stand/ wTtlTla^fry oTSC^on
'Jliln! et. ; rent $17 60; dally receipts M0
unl mere. All particulars of. H. G. M1LKE
2U',a Kearny st.
A— ?S50; COKXER saloon with 6 rooms; rents
$15; xurounded by planing mills. lumber
JtrdE and railroad shops; clearing- above $100
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— T550; HARDWARE and crockery store with
plumbing shop; on Fourth %t near Market;
irood business; rent $20. Call ft. G. WILKE,
'Z'-JVi Kearny st . - - —
A. — SirjCO: CORNER saloon with rooms and
mercantile lunch, surounded by breweries
and malt houses; rent $37; clearing above
£200 per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^
Kearny st. ¦
A — ¥150: BAKERY In Alameda Co., situated on
main driveway; doing a fine business; a rare
chance for right party. Call R. G. WILKE
SC^a Kearny st.
A— $423; DELICACY and i dairy produce store
on Mission St.; .1 living rooms; rent $20; daily
receipts about $25. Call R. G. WILKE, 23},
• Kearny et".;"
A-—5-45O; RESTAURANT on Fourth st. close
to Jlarkct; rent $30; good paying business;
value In sight. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny «t. •
A— BAKERY, delicatessen and grocery in
Western Addition; old established place;
present owner has been there 3 years; sold
on account of sickness; this is a good one.
ROHLFS CO., 41 Third St. / - »
A — BAKERY -with 11 rooms attached; present
owner been there 16 years; all utensiUK for
baking: $1250. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Thlra st.
A — CIGAR stand; location first-class; rent $15
mo.; must be sold; $200. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
A — SALOON on city front; price $200; here Is
your chance. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third st. .
A— WHOLESALE and retail liquor store on 3d
et"; etock will Invoice $2500; cheapest rent on
Kreet; want partner. ROHLFS CO., 41 3d.
A— GROCEP.Y. ar.d bar; old-established place
on Third fit.; owner there 35 years; good rea-
son for selling; $l«Xt. Rohlfs Co.. 41 Third.
A — OUTSIDE office man for business that \Ai\
pay $150-?200 month; fine opening for young
man with $350. ROHLFS CO.. 41 Third et.
McBRIDE & CO.. 7C5 Market; phone Red 3433
Buyers ror lodging-houses: call and see our
large list, frcm $.100 to $C000; fair and hon-
«ft trade; sellers, list your houses with us for
quick sales.
A CLEAN business for sale paying a clear
profit of $50 Der week; best location In the
oity; no cDpcmltion: owner leaving city; -price
$120G; Ro cxnerience necessary; opportunity
cf lifetime. E. STERN, r. 1.-BQ3 Market st.
A — $250; DELICACY store: receipts $10 day-
full yalue. STRAND & Co.. 209 Kearny st
A— $650: CORNER raloon; best^ln Pity; 100
others $350 to $.3000. Strand & Co.. 209 Kearny
SCHOLARSHIPS In best San . Francisco busi-
ness college's for sale at great discount.- Afl-
dress box 3C54. Call office. Oakland. .
FOR sale — Shoe store; the only one In i San
Rafael: sood reason for selling. Apply, to R.
ilACXES, 35 Second st, • San " Francisco. ¦ -
IPw mi in Jiiinnj iiswtjinnttrOiimt'r-rmMiiiii— i— Mr*
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
' McDANIELi. SKIRM & CO.;
093 Market st. ¦ . >¦ ¦ ¦ Phone Mint 2S11.
Our' ; list of lodging-houses, hotels, flats
and business chances is the largest. .It will
pay you to investigate. ' ' :. ..-¦¦¦ ,
A— NOTICE-^We have rooming-houses, all
¦(Elz»s and prices.- In all parts of the ctty;"get
frouf list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt
IlDR lease to a . reliable party, the W. Tell
/¦House; .furniture for sale. Inquire at ol7
/ Bush- st. room 12. - ¦ . . - .
SPIRITUALISM. ,
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
' Tues., Fri.. Sun.,- 8 p. m. ; 50c. 1084 Bush st
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium ;
, life reader; medical clairvoyant: sittings. $1;
' letter. $2. 1161 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.'
EDWARD EARLE, 328 Ellis; readings daily;
¦ phone Polk 1C01;'' seance Sunday and.Thuro.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C.^J.
, Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c
' CLAIRVOYANTS. ,
aT rrrrrrm. . 25c — 25c — 25c ; a
: ....... RETURNED— RETURNED .......
PROF. BROCKWAY— PROF. BROCKWAY.
: 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and Gough,
Offers for 3 days— Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday — only readings at the above fees
". to all presenting this clipping at his office
• and residence, between the hours of 10 a. m.
and 8 p. m. daily.: >
Scientific' and Expert Life»J*eader.
Readings which for detail, exactness, truth,
interest manifested In each individual case,
.sound advice and counsel are not equaled in 1
this city at any figure. Prof. Brockway tells
you what you want to know, eliminating all
uninteresting features" and not tiring you
. with matters entirely irrelevant to the case
In hand, as has been the case in readings you
have had in the past. Prof. Brockway reads
your past, present and fifture. , .
¦ 25c— 25c— 25c.
,MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS' . . . ,
Clairvoyant and business, medium, permanently !
located, at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your^life correctly, gives an- accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. -If. you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this gre^t me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
thenr. -^Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed^ Tel. Black 4560.
MRS. DR.' F." CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1200 Mar-
ket st. cor. Golden Gate ave:, rooms 25 and
2C; take elevator.: Perfect satisfaction guar--
¦ anteed by. mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells* past, '
future; never falls; has the greatest' Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
cryetal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. in.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. .5 Fourth st. •
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from- 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. 4th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; lai 25c;
gents 50c. 051 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MME. CATHERINE. DEAN, scientific card
reader. , la2 Sixth St., room 2.
MRS. MALLORY, 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader; consult me; L. 25c, G: 50c.
CARD reading; ladies, 10c; gentlemen, 25c.
025 Minna at. near Seventh.
MRS LAVON, wonderful fortune teller; truth
or no pay; 25c, 60c. 701 Howard St.. cor. 3d.
60c, $1 — Prof. Weller, clairvoyant, palmist, card
reader ;mall orders ;stamp for clrc. 1007% Mkt.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known - fortune teller,
_hasrern£ved_frcjn222Eddyto_427O^Farrell.
¦S^STff?:^JBEATiyGAyp cleaning.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
' send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating "Works— Cleaning,
renovated, relald. 104 14th St.; tel. Capp 25t2.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sntter st;
tel Main 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Work*.
333 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
J." E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th St.: tel. Mission 74. .
"" CAPE NOME.
FOR freight and passage to Cape Nome and
Yukon River points. Call or write- C. .F."
MOORE. 035 Market Et., room 6.
~~~ COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency. 6th
floor, 916 Market et. ; advice- free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys. \
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Aprency— No charge
unless gucpe?8f»l. Room 310. D27 Market st.
' . _ P E J VTIS T?u s ~.
A^DrTt.*8. JUGGINS, 027 Market st, Emma
Spreckehi bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices: pure sold fillings,- $1 SO; oth»r
fillings, $1: gold and porcelain crowns, $5
up; plates, a full , set of teeth that look
natural and guaranteed, '$5 up.
PainleBs extraction.
I do flrst-clags work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for beet crowns, plates, bridge*
and Itlllnc-); extractions or\ fillings by my
wonderful secret, nalnleMi method; 20 year*'
experience; no students, advice freo; prices
rheapext and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GKOKGli: W. LtiMK. 20 O'Farrcll st.
ELKCTJtO-DF-NTAL CLINIC. R00 Market, cor.
4th, rtn. 7, Klood bldg. i extractions done pain-
lessly: teeth without plates our spcclalty;gold
crowns $3 I>0 up; plates, extractions free, $4 SO
up; office hourK, 0 a. m. to U p.m.; Hundayv
0 to 2. ,JkW. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EABY Dental Parlors, 0 Turk ft., cor. Mason—
Expert palnlcM extractors; skilled operators,
gas given: U<1y attendant. . R. C. ANDER-
BON, D. D. R.. proprietor nnd manager.
A NEW plnte — The Whalebone — rn'nnot break;
warranted 20 years: crowns, $3 ri0;flllinx8.l>0u:
plnter $Ji. full set; all work painless nnd war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth tt.
BEE my new pink Ivory plates: see my new
unbreakable' brldce; both warranted lifetime;
. crowns, $2: fillings. 25e. Dr. Brown, 54 6th.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. I'.uhh —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3: fillings. COc.
MEYER, 40 O'Farrell, late • of 0 Turk st;
crown and hridge work;gas specialist
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st; expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
SET of teeth without plate. DR..'H. G.
YOUNG. ,1341 Polk st. - ...'...- ¦
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr.Larkln— Paln-
le?B ext. TiOc: plates $5 up; phone folk . 113. r >.
DRESSMAKERS' ASP SEAMSTRESSES
MrDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery Rchcol—
Class rates: patterns cut. ¦- 1010 Market St.. .
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
EDUCATIONAL.
H^ATD^^C^ioTjL^F^EXE^T^ICAL^^NGT
' NEERrNG— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post St., S. F. ;
catalogue free. - • '. i- ...'¦•
ATRES' Leading. Business College. 723 Market
$S per month: '$50 life scholarship gruaran-
, tees . a .complete -bus. education; shorthand,
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
'spelling, Spanish, etc;: experienced teachers;
¦ new- typewriters; positions secured: cat. free.
S. F. BUS. COLLEGE." 230 Market' st. — Big
' school:. because It's best. Otfr.< Gregg; short-
• hand . Etudants write 200 words ' a minute . on
test." Typewriters »at home free to, students.
Nine positions last week.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, il POST ST.,'
S. F. — Thorough courses: complete equipment;
V ¦ all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
.: engineering; day and night; catalogue free,
A — The LYCEUM, an accredited' preparatory
school for the -university, law .and medical
colleges : references, ¦ President ; Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building,, ;
A — THE official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH < COLLEGE. Is this • advice worth
, following?. Life scholarship $50; catalogue.'
ACTING. I elocution, specialties : . Hallet School,
associated with, theatrical, agency securing po-
sitions. .Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st
ENGlNEERING-^Clvll. elec, mlnlng.mech. eur-
I • vey, assay, cyanld^; day, eve. : • est 1864. Van
| der Nalllen School. 113 Fulyin. nr.,Cfty Hall.
i ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course orw coast;
: " fieglnners ': and college ; graduates ¦>, perfected.
: TARR, expert accountant, 210 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most j thorough
. , modern methods ;. positions for all 'graduates;
,: new CO-page catalogue free. 305-I.arkln; st-
VIOLIN,- ¦ guitar," mandolin, banjo taught In
¦ class, $1 month. 1830 Eddy; phone, Pine 433;
VIOLIN, guitar, " mandolin," '• banjo, taught ; In
J class,' $1 month. 1830 Eddy; phone PinejtKJ.;Weather Report.
. - (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) i .
SAN FRANCISCO, March 2 — 5 p. m.
The following ara the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall In last twen.ty-four hours:
"~Lasin This Last
' Stations— , 24 Hours. Season. - Season.-
Eureka '' ..... 33.02
Red Bluff..... .80 ) 26.12 22.05
Sacramento -¦..•..;;. .80 '• 15.37 1C.70
San Francisco. 25. 15.10 18.04
Fresno .12 ' . 5.06 9.04
Independence ....... — ..'... 6.76
San Luis Obtepo.... 1.27 17.48 .27.04
Los Angeles .04 8.31 13.CG
San Diego.......... .40' 4.41 8.58
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
62; minimum, 43; mean, 4S. .
,. .' ¦ ~*THE COAST RECORD. ~*
STATIONS. 3 If i| S= lo |
"- ¦ ¦ — '¦ •-: . \ e. c :"!-:'¦- g
-. . - , :.•• ?•. ¦.?.-.¦ :. ¦' • :
Astoria .../.. 29. S8 CO .." SW CToudy .04
Baker ..20.80 3(1 ... N.W Cloudy .04
Fresno .....:.20.10 CO 42 NW Rain .02
Flagstaff ....29.78 40 » BW Snow .02
Pocatello. Ida.29.6S 42 ' . . 8W Pt.Cldy .02
Los Angeles... 30. 02 «0 46,'SW Pt.Cldy .02
Phoenix ......2O.S4 74 SO ' W Cloudy .00
Portland .:...i»n.S0 52 .. W . Cloudy .02
Rod. Bluff...... 30.02 --M .. N Pt.Cldy .00
Roseburg ....30.02 4B .. S Rain .1*
Sacramento ..30.08 M .. BW Clear .00
San Francl6co..10.14 : 50 .. >W • Clear .23
S. L. Obispo. .30.14 53 .. N . Clear .03
Pan Diego 30. OC 68 .. NW , Cloudy .40
Seattle 21). 82 . 48 . . SE Cloudy T.
Spokane' 20.70 46 .. W Cloudy - ,00
Neah Bay.,.. 29. 78 4(1 .-.. W Cloudy .00
Walla Walla..29. 78 48 .. SW Pt.Cldy T.
Yuma ........ .20.1)0 7t> 48 X W Clear .00
•Only during past twelve' hours, on account
of ' wire trouble. •
Temperature — 7 a. m.. 40. j ;
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
- ; FORECAST.
The storm. over Contra! California last night
has moved rapidly : northeastward and is now
central in Montana. Heavy rains have fallen
In th»- Sacramento Valley and southward along
the ccast. . Rain has fallen generally over the
Pacific slope during the past twenty-four hours,
with snow In the mountain regions.
The pressure has risen rapidly along the
central Pacific Coast and fallen Over the Rocky
Mountains and tb the east. '
Reports are missing: from Nevada, Utah and
the California coast north of San Francisco.
" Forecast made ¦ at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, March. ;{, 1002: '- -
Northern California — Partly cloudy Monday;
probably showers In the northern portion and
mountain regions; fresh westerly wind.
¦ Southern California — Cloudy, probably with
showers. Monday, clearing in the afternoon;'
f reel* west wind. • .
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy '
Monday; fre»h west wind. '¦
G. H. WILL8ON, Local Forecast Official, i
Michael Torpey . (owner) .with Charles anfl
Loul* . Kern (contractors), architect August
Nordin— All work except mantels, shades and
gas fixtures for a i two-story, and • basement
frame building on lot on W line of Dolores
street, 130 N of Twenty-fourth. N 25 by W
117:6; $4818. • - - -
Ida Blumenthat (owner) with A. H. Wtl
helm (contractor), architect . C. A. Meussdorf
fer — All work' except electrical work, mantels.
gas fixtures and shades for a thretistory at
tic and basement frame building (flats) on^lot
on W line of Lyon street, 95" N of Page, N
25 by W 120, W. A. 005; $D000. I
Abe Harshall (owner? with Frank A. Keen
(contractor), architect Philip Schwerdt — All
work except- plumbing, parntlng, electric work,
mantels tiles and eras fixtures for a three
story frame • building with basement (three
flats) on lot . on S line of Sacramento street,
165 E,of Devisadero, E 27:8 by S 127:8%;
$C5C0. "¦ ¦ ' ¦ .." ¦¦¦•¦• :
Same owner with G. C. Sweeney (contractor),
architect same— Plumbing, gasflttlng, sewer
ing, etc., for eame on same; $1000.
Same owner with Allen & Looney (contrac
tors), architect same — Plumbing for same on
same; $eo0, . '" • :. -•
Celestl Vostl (owner) with Henry Munster
(contractor), architect H. R. Schmuckert—
AH work for a two-story frame building and
stable on lot on- SE line of Mission street.
115.03 SW, of Eleventh.. 25 by 84.49; $3000.
- American . Milling Company ¦ of han Fran
cisco (owners) ,with Richard -Kearinge. (con
tractor); architect H.. Gellfuss & Son — Exca-^
ration, concrete and removal of old improve
ments ' for a . faur-stcry arid basement brick
building and. basement on SE corner of Union
ami Battery streets, S 120 by E 75; $4644. j ',,
J. J. Dignan (owner) with Elston Bros, (con
tractors), architects Rousseau & Son — All work
except painting, plumbing;, tiling;, art glass,
picture molding, . center pieces, arch brackets,
mantels, gas fixtures and shades for a two
story and' basement frame building on lot on
E line of Cole street, 135 N of Frederick, N
25 by E 125; ?4S50.
Builders' Contracts.
Margaret N. Dickinson to Mary K. , Mc-
Cluskey (wife of John), lot on N rme of Val
lejo street. 04 W. of Kearny, W 23:6 by N
57:C: gift.
William H.. and Grade M. Crlm, ¦ Samuel M.
and William H. Crlm Jr., George S. Crlm and
as trustee under will of Samuel Crlm to John
and Una Ott, lot'on.W ltne of Bryant street,
185 S of Twenty-second. S 25 by W. 100: $12.V).
John A. and Mary M. - Buck, Nicholas,' Ma
thilda. Henry and Catherine M. Oblandt, to
William N, Sohl, lot on SE corner of Fifteenth
and Howard streets, S 75 byE 95; $10. •¦ ¦ :
Mary H. and Walter M.Rose to W. D. Holt,
lot on N line of Pacific street. 251 W of Cen
tral avenue, N to Presidio Reservation, SW
to Pacific street. E SO; $ia •
John . H. Rosseter, Alice M. or Alice and
Henrietta Dunne and Frances McHugh to
Adelaide F. McDonnell, lot on E line of Shra
der street, 75 S of Hayes, S 25 by E 100; $10.
Frank J. Grace to- John H. Rosseter, Alice
M. or- Alice and Henrietta Dunne and Frances
McHugh, lot on NE corner of Fell and 8hrader
streets, E 103:1% by N 275 (quitclaim ' deed) ;
$10. .... •; ¦., •,. '. . :¦¦".-. .
' Estate- of > Elizabeth Argall (by William
Hatherly and Benjamin t Healey, executors) to
Martin Kurtzlg, lot . on E line of Franklin
street, f 50 N of Golden Gate avenue. N 25 . by
E (J8:9;f$5850. ' , - . - ' " • V : '
Joseph, Florence S., Abraham," Estelle • W..
Marcus S. and Corinne S. Koshland to Nettle
K. Slnshelmer. lot on SW corner of Franklin
street and Broadway, W 120 by S 35:6; gift.
Henry and Nettle K. Slnshelmer . to Jullen
Llebes, : same; $10. ¦" ¦ ¦-•...,
¦ Simon H. and ¦ Susan . Seymour to James W.
Gregory, lot on NW. corner of Geary and Oc
tavia streets, W. 77:1 by N7U; also lot on SW
corner of. Geary and Jones streets, S 62:6 by
W.C0; alsalot on W line of Thirty-fourth ave
nue, .450 NNtf V street,>N 50 by W 120; also
lot on N line - of Twenty-fourth street, 100 "W
of Diamond, W^ 25 by N'lIT: also lot on NW
line of Mission street, 280 SW of Third, SW
106 by NW 160; gift.
James W. • Gregory - to Simon H. Seymour,
same (5 pieces)vgift-' '¦>'' ¦"• "'"•' ' »
John Harrigan to- Margaret G. Creely, lot
on S line of Golden Gate ¦• avenue. 205 E of
Laguna street, E 25 by S 137:6; $10. .
-OrvlUe D. and Millie E. Baldwin to William
McCormlck, lot- onvNE corner ' of -Eddy and
Larkin streets, E 37:0 by N 87:6; $10.
Charles and Clara M. Ehn to Carl F. and
Josephine A. M. K. Msnz. lot on N line of
Sutter street. 125 -W of Fillmore. W 24:8 by
N- 137:6; $8500.. . . ...
1 John A. • and Belle Hoots to Florence L.
Jones (wife of William H.). lot on S line of
Filbert- street, 141:6 W of Broderlck, W, 31:3
by S 137:6; $10. . ¦
Rosa V...de Scott to George Stlerlen Com
pany (corporation), lot on Slfne of Page street,
152:3% W of Baker. W 25 by S 137:6 (to cor
rect former deed), quitclaim deed; $1.'" • S
BEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1902.
9
iiLNRV'J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Succrasor to 71annagan tt Gallagher.!
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIflECTOna AND ISMKALMERti.
, ¦ 20 Fifth «,, oppodlte Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
BAN liriUNO HILLS. '
> CFF1CK ttIO MARKET STRKCt!
, J. Manager. .
JAMBS McGINN,
- Formerly • with McGlnn_ Bros.; has opened
new Funeral Parlors aT 214? Eddy «t., bet.
Taylor nnd Jones. Telephone. South 876. i.V.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Bamuel McFadden,'-18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McBrearty. with the same company for -18
years ;. P, . F; Green, late with J. .C. O'Con-
nor & Co.yhave opened 'new. Funeral. Par- :
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. -Telephone South 44. ¦
CHAS. H.J. TRUMAN &Cd;;
',; Funeral Directors and Ernbalmers,
'Now Occupy: Their: Own Bui din»,
1000 Mission street, : between 15th and ICth. , '
, -, Telephone; Mission 109.' .<
REMOVED!
: FUNERAL ¦ DIRECTORS ¦¦ and ¦; EMBALM-
? ER8, ¦ to 224 and : 228 . McAllister st • tFor-
mertVof Sl-Kddy-Kt.- Tel: South 2S2.) ¦ '
OCKAN TBAVBL.
PACIFIC STEAM HAYIBATIpM CO.
AnJ Cn. ciHl Americana da Vajjoraj
To Valparaiso, irtoppln* at Mexican, Central
and Koutli American ports. Sailing from How*
ard 8. pier 10, 12 m. I •
PALENA ...Mitn/h 12 TUCAPEL ....
SANTIAGO.. March 23 OUATKMALA
Thtte ¦ tea mem are built expressly tor Cen-
i ml end South American pa»senxer Mrvtee,
(No change at Acapuleo or Panama.) Kroight
and pafcienger rtfltce. BVi California strent. ".
PALFOL'H. qUTHMIH ft CO, . Pen. Agents.
MANAMA R,R,ST
TO NEW YORK 'VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin, $105; Steerage, f4<); Meals Free. '
S. ii. Arftyll enils Monday, Alar. 17
8. 8. Leelnnaw enil a .Mondoy, Mar 24
Si'S'i Ar&yll ' nulls Tu««dny. '• April 30
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m. '
Freight • nnd Pa*senser Office, : XiO Market sL
F. F. CONNOR. ; Pacific Coast Agent.
COM7A0XI2 . CZVZZII.Z IF.ANSATLANTIQIU
DIKECT LINE TO . HAVHE J PAIUS.
Kailing every Thursday, instead ot •/SXjV5%
Saturday," a t 10 a. m. . from pier 42, -»*5lta8s»
North ltlver, • foot of • Morton street. ' r 7
First class to Havre,' *T0 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $15 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY j FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 82 ¦ Broadway (Hudson : building). New
York. . J.' F..FUGAZI ,&: CO..v Pacific Coast
' Agents, 5 ' Montgomery avenue,- San Francisco.
.Tickets cold . by all j Railroad Ticket Agents. . ¦
¦•' "¦ - A3*X33Jtt.ICA.Tfr ' XillVXI. : ¦
NEW YORK— SOUTHAMPTON— LONDON.
St. Paul, Mar. 12,10 rtm.Phlladel.,Mar. 20,10 aji
St." Louis.Mar.19,10 am' St.-" Paul,' Apr. 2, 10 am
RED STAH. LINE.
. NEW YORK— ANTWERP— PARIS. ¦
Vaderland,' Mar.l2,noun Haverfcrd.Mar.2tJ.noon
Kens'gton.'Mar.lO.noo.tlKriesland; Apr. 2.' noon
¦ /INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
" ' CH AS. D. TAYLOR. 30 Montgomery st.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. nnd Unfnrn.
GUERRERO, 107 — Two newly furnished rooms
•Tflth use of bath, for single gentlemen; $7.
KEARN ST. 34, and 47 Post — Office . or ' sunny
.furnished rooms; en euite or single. ; - :
LARKIN. ; 818%— Single front ' room; gas, . bath
and, phono; gentleman; $7 per month. ¦¦
MARTINET. 1101, Geary— Handsome suites;
¦ ¦ private baths; newly furnished single rooms.
MCALLISTER. 003 V6 — Corner sunny bay-win-
dow room; furnished; grate ( bath, gas; ¦ for
1 or 2; rent reasonable. •
MINNA; 409, near 5th — Large front , parlor,
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $10 a month.
MINNA. 067, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room ; $1 per week ; - transient.
NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market— Nicely fur-
tilshed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; and
offices; elevator,' elec. lights: day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 279 — Nice front room, %i • per
week; . other rooms, $2 50, : $1 25; house-
keeping rooms.- •.--..'- .
PAGE, 1630 — With private family, sunny par-
lor suite; kitchen If desired;. furnished or un-
. furnished. ¦ .- . . : :
ROYAL House, 120 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' . par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SAN CARLOS ave.. 355 — One nice sunny back
room; rent reasonable. . . . ','¦
SEVENTH, 171-rCorner house; sunny fur-
nished rooms to' let by week or month. :
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STEAM HEAT and all modern conveniences at
Hotel St. Denis. 24 Turk st.
TURK. 210— Sunny front rooms; gentlemen.:
CLASSIFIED advertisements. and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
IIOO5IS AND- BOARD.
A VERY large well-furnished room, with board
for two young man In private family; mod-
ern conveniences; $45 per month; references.
Box 40S5. Call.
MEREDITH, 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water; modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CROCKER. The. fil5 Leav>nworth — Sunny
• rms. ; sin. and suites ; ground and f tennis crt.
LAMBOURNE, 420 Eddy— High-class hotel; fur.
suites or single; board optional: steam heat.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mansion) — Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
NIARA, €15 Taylor — Sunny front and. back
suites; excellent board; terms reasonable.
EDDY. 81(J— Elegantly furnished Bunny front
suite;, every convenience: board .lDtlonnl.
EDDY. 026. The Irvlngdale — Sunny suites;
large double and single rooms from $22 50 up.
OCTAVIA, 2C20, nr. Broadway — Sunny rooms;
/ let-class prlv. family; board; mod. app'tm'ts..
SUNNY rooms, running water, grate; couple
$45, single $20. 015 Van Ness. - _
VAN NESS. 51&— Handsome furnished sunny
euites, single rooms: first-class table board..
JOHNSON. The. COS O'Farrell— Nice home:
good table: spacious grounds; rates moderate.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 4ir> Montgomery, rooms fl-10: tel. 5580.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex., repairing;
lowest rates; phone Howard 3264. 145 Sixth.
ALL .kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144, 203 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving. Co.,
x office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6713. i
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mta-
eion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS. \
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 630 Market at.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore Et.; phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, ;$3. • The Typewriter
Exchange. 030 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors :e*ti mate free. 209 Sansome. .
SHERIFF'S SALE.
SHERIFF'S SALE — N. CLARIC& SONS (a cc-r^
poration). plaintiff.- vs. "WILLIAM PATTER-
SON et al.. defendants; No. 05,826; Superior
Court. Department No. 7. Order of §ale and
decree of foreclosure. Under and by virtue of
an order of. sale and' decree of foreclosure,
issued out of the Superior Court. Department
No. 7. of the City and jCounty of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, on the Oth day
of February, A. D. 1902. In the above en-
titled action, wherein N. CLARK & BONS
(a corporation), the above named plaintiff,
obtained a Judgment and decree of fore-
closure against WILLIAM PATTERSON
CAROLINE T. WILLIAMSON (formerly
Caroline Trenholm Butler) and '1HOMAS
WILLIAMSON, her husband, defendants, on
the 14th day of January, A. D. 1902, which
' said judgment and decree was on the 16th
day of January. A. D. 1902. recorded In
Judgment book 66 of said court, at page
187, I am - commanded . to sell all that cer-
tain lot, piece or parcel of land, situate
lying, and being in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, and
bounded and described aa follows: Com-,
mencing at a point on -the northeasterly line
of Eighth avenue south, distant thereon one
hundred (100) feet southeasterly from the
southeasterly line of N street south; run-
ning thence southeasterly along said north-
eaeterly line of Eighth avenue south one
hundred (100) feet; thence at a right angle
northeasterly one hundred (100) feet; thence
at a right angle northwesterly one 'hundred
<100) feet, and thence at a right angle south-
wasterly bne hundred (100) feet to the point
of commencement. Public notice is hereby
given that on TUESDAY, the 11th day of
March, A. D. 1002, at 11 o'clock a. m of
that day. In front of the City Hall. McAl-
lister street wing, in the City and County of
San FrnnciBco, I will. In obedience to »aid
order of sale and decree of foreclosure eell
the above described property, or go tnucn
thereof as may be necessary to raise suf-
ficient money to satisfy said Judgment, with
Interest and costs, etc., to the highest and
best bidder, for lawful money of the United
States.
JOHN LACKMANN. Sheriff.
San Francisco. February 17. 1902.
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES-^DEATHS,
Birth,' • marrlasre and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be honde.l
in at either of the publicat.ori offices and bo
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
¦ona authorized to hive the eame published.
MAREIED.
HENNINGS— GROSS— In Oakland. February
23, Vtm, by the Rev. J. H. Theiss, John
I Hennlngs and Antonla Augusta Vera Grose.
DIED. ~^
Brlttan, Bertha 8. McKnight. ThomaV
Caise, Geortro V. Merrill, Jennie M.
¦ Curtis, Cajit. John Meyer, John H.
Denis, Vincents Mitchell, Josephln*
Pieovleh, Kmrna N. Mulcare, Mary
Pupun, Alfred K. Neary, Bridget E.
Fischer, Kmrna Page, ¦ Ernest II,
Hall, Jetale Mae Patterson, Margaret
K*aMei, Thorna* A.' I'lummer, . C. B.
'Klne Chung I'ort«r. Bherman
Kramer, lianore Prairo, John M.
Mah«n«y, Jam** V. Itced, Robert
Manning, Julia Hpence, Phillip
Martin. Alexander White, Daniel J,,
BniTTAN— In Oakland, March J, 1002 at
Fablola . Hoanltal, B«rUm rianforrf Brittan,
beloved wife of William a. Urlttitn, and
daughter of* Mr/f. riamuel Foster.
(CTFricnd* tjb respectfully Invited to at.
tend the funeral nervicen, Tueeday, Mftrch 4,
,*t 2 o'clock, at her late residence, HJ>a Page
¦ Htreet, northeast corner of ltaker. Inter-
ment f/rlvat*, at Masonic Cemetery. Please
omit flowers.
CASE-In thl* city, March 1, 1902, George
Frederick, beloved husband ¦ of Mary Case
and father of Lottie and the late Clarence
Caff, a native of New Bedford, Mass.
E^Frlends are. respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence, 10
Perry atreet.' Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
te ry. . 'ifranilfgBBmiPM
CURTIS— In VaHejo. Cal., March ,1, 1902
Captain John Curtis, beloved father of WU-
metta Curtis, and uncle of Mr*. Fred H
Garland, a native of Maine, aged 74 years
ICTNotlce of , funeral hereafter.
DENIS— In thi» city, .March. 1, 1002, Vincent©
Denis, beloved father of Mary S. and Frank
V. Denis and Mrs. A. Perry, a native of
Portugal, aged. 75 years. ¦-"*¦¦» rJERW|»*SteS
ICTTriends are respectfully ; Invited to al-
' tend 'the funeral to-r/iorrow (Tuesday), at 0
o'clock, from his late residence. 1430 Sacra-
mento street, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral
Van Ness -avenue, ..where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hte
soul, commencing at 0:30 o'clock. Interment
. Holy Cross Cemetery.y ¦ - >v . ¦ ¦
DIEOVICH— In this citA February, 28, . 1002/
Emma Nevada Dieovich, . a native of Carson
City, Nev., aged 29 years and 10 months.
IC^Friends are ¦ respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Monday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. ¦ Gray &
Co.. 641 -. Sacramento ; street. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. -" _ .
DUPAS — In this city, March 1, ' 1902, Alfred
PERSOyALS. ¦
£ INFOKMAT1ON WANTED.
V The executors of Charles Winter want to
find Ills son, John Winter, aged about C2
years, machinist, formerly of Newark. N. J.
Said John Winter was last heard from In
San Francisco. Cal. Address THEODORE
WESTERMAN. executor. Newark, N. J., or
Chier of Police. Newark. N. J.
January 28. 1902. _.
AN elegant line of remnants for euits to order.
115; with these ruits we make an extra pair
of pint* free of charge; other suits on install,
menu. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
J. E. BATTEY. majmetlc healer. Is now pre-
pared to treat parties at their home: rheuma-
tism a epeciaJty: satlsf action gruaranteed.
Call or address 30 Ellis st.; phone Clay 241.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third 6t.. near Market: 700 rooms:
25c ta fl 50 per eight; $1 60 to $8 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns: March pat-
terns and The Designer now ready. J. W.
EVANS. Domestic office. 1021 Market. nr.Cth.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; (1 each;
ud« as white ehirts: selection 300 patterns.
ALL my cuetomers recommend their friends to
me: halrdressing. any style. 25c: switches
wigs. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton et.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for euits. overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market Bt.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair: permanent; painless; free treatment:
work guaranteed. Miss C. Dudley. 1702 Market.
A school to learn hairdressing, hair work, man-
Icurinr. Manhattan Hair Store, 1702 Market.
bet. Polk and Van Ness. MISS A. V. DOYLE.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1810-1312 Stockton Et,. near Broadway
A 7^ 3 2 >^ r hair *?* a " 1 nsoryou are bald call on
Dr.G.S.Moore,332QTarrell: aend for circular.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates- 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 45T Minna st.
ELECTRIC needle specialists; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 42T Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair permanently removed by
electric needle. MRS. M. HARRIS. 426 Sutter.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles" removed by
electric need le. Dr. &Mrs. Traverse. 11 70 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; >1; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
Instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
Mrs. Brlggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electric needle. 9CS Sutter; tel.Larkln317L
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. w1g»;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Andersen's, theatri-
cal costumer, 28 O'Farrell: country orders.
TAILOR-MADE cults. J7 60; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
CR LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
bert corn cure: 25o. all druggists. ¦
PALMISTRY.
MRS. E. PEARCE, 6clentlfic business palmlet,
parlors 12 and 13, The Vendome, 1104 Market
. st.; hours from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
' 1IME. G. L. XEERGAAHD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post et.. corner of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist, 61S
Taylor .si. bet. Geary and Pest; tel. Black R61.
PROPOSALS.
IfOTIcX^^T^^CO^T'KACTOKS^Office' of th»
Veterans' Home of California, room 13. 320
Eansome et.. Ban Francisco, Cal. — Under and
In pursuance to an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hoepltal
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County. Cal.," and appro-
priating $25,0u0 therefor (approved March
26, 1901, Statutes 15C1. page S23). and in
accordance with the resolution of the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, adopted October 12. iftOl. the board
of directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia hereby Invites and advertises for
sealed proposal* for f urnishinjf the materials
and performing tue ¦ labor for the erection
end construction cf sa.d hospital building, at
the s&id Veterans' Home at Yountvllle, Napa
County. In accordance "With the plans, de-
scriptions, bills and specifications, prepared
therefor by George T. de Colmesnil. archi-
tect; and that contracts based upon such
cealed proposals w'.ll be let, made and en-
tered into; cald plans, descriptions, bills and
fpeciflcations can be seen and examined be-
tween the hours of 8 a. m. and 6 o'clock p.
m. of eech and every business d*y. from
the date hereof to the date of said contract
or contracts, at the otnee of the j>ald di-
rectors of eaid Veterans' Home, room 13,
220 Eansome et., San Francisco, Cal.
Separate bids will be received and separata
contracts let and entered into as herein
above Eet forth, for each of- the followins
I- parts of said bviii'.T.s. erection or structure.
Including the furnishing of labor and ma-
terials necessary therefor, as required by *n
act entitled. "An act to regulate contracts
cn behalf cf toe State '.n relation to erection
cf buildings" (approved March 23 S 1876
Statutes 1S75-6. pare 427). and the acti
amendatory thereof, thst Is to cay for ths
following parts, namely:
First, for the masonry work, including all
trick, stone, terra cotta and concrete work.
Second, for the carpenter, plastering, elec-
tric and glaring work.
Third, for the plurcblce work.
Fourth, for the heatiag work.
Fifth, for the tinning, galvanized Iron and
fisting work, aad
Sixth, for the painting and graining.
. Said work as herein provided for compris-
ing the administration block, and the two
Iront wards as ehown on said plans, descrip-
tions, bills and Epeciflcatlons, including th»
Ti'TTishing cf materials and the necessary
labor therefor.
The wcrk is to be done unfler the super-
vision end direction of Isaac H. Small and
the buildings and grounds and the hospital
committees of taid Veterans' Home, acting
for and cn the behalf of Its eaid board pf
directors. .
A f»parnte contract win be let for as many
i'.rrerent kinds cf work as are hereinabovs
FCCC'f.efl. No bid or proposal will be received
cr <--crvri'!er*d ur.less accompanied with a good
end sufficient V>cnd of *ald proposer or bid-
der, equal to 10 per cent of his proposal or
bid. with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
If raid proposal or blrl *hall be accepted the
perty proposing or bidding trill duiy enter
Into & proper contract -and faithfully- perform
hi R or their contract or contracts, in accord-
ance with said proposal or blfl. and the plans
1 «escr!pt1or.». bills and specifications whl-li
,-^ arc hereby m«<le a part of this notice aai
cf 8nv contract to be let hereafter.
Ea'd f>*al«J bids or proposals rajst b* de-
livered to tho raid directors of the Veterans*
Bone cf California or to the secretary there-
of, nt the olfice of eaid directors, room IS.
320 SPtisome St., in the city and county of
f-an Franclsro. FUte of California on or
before the hour of ) :30 p. m. of the twenty-
secend day of March. 1902. which ii hereby
<!«1gnated es tfce time and pjace where the
paid scaled b! fl s or propocals win be opened
r.v the raid directors of the said Veteran*'
Kotop, and eaid contract* let and made
If in the opinion cf e s!d board of directors
cf th» raid Veterans' Home the aec<-'nt»n,.«
°l V, 1e !0W< £ cf sai<1 •« lc ' 1 w£ or pSSSSS,
?hall not be for the best Interests of «¦•
Ftate. i.«ld board of directors^ "why reserve.
the right to accept Bny of »ald bids o? pro!
p«s>ts opened as in thoir opinion may be for
the beet intents of the Etate. under and in
accordance with a*a as provided by • th/term.
cf section * of the n i4 act «5uS
•tt to regulat* contracts cn behiil' «f «v-
6tat* in relation to erection and bulM?n^*
approved March 23. 1876. fiututw ?i?!^i
4^- or to 2£* «y or tU aU cf e "af d
•en led bids or Proposal*. ttia
Tor further lnf<»nnstlcn ena „-,„,._
bidding contractor* are herX «fHS U S
the secretary of the board cf dlfeetor.'of said
Veterans' Horn*, at th*. offic of , a M b^r2
It directors. «s her*!r.«bov.. .et forth
By order of th* bo»r/i cf director. «f <h.
. Vntr.r.1' Horn* of r«iifwnla. * Of tb#
Dated rvbruary 10. 1802.' t>ecm *nr.
VnCiVOPAlA tor Oirrthlnir and Ko.uifj.7I —
Jxtpot Guarterm*«l*r'« Office, Sfl K*w MniT"
>romrrv fit.. Ban Franrlnco, Cal.. YtU-unll
27. 15KJ2. — Bf^U^d nropowalu. In trIMc*t* wi-i
¦•»* t-"ivM »t tbJ* nfJJc* until ) | oviocii
•. m. Mondar. March 10. 1902, Pacific Hr»n/
• rd Tlm«. and then 0t*w;d. tnr twtxM,'x'i
Corn r.rooma, Unb^arhrd Drtlllng, £^
Jltr nutton«. Fly nuttrni*. Uantlng Cott^
U-htt« Apron.. Dark Ulue TrawHNVMdCiM
for Offlcem, Whit* Caps tnr Cooks an* v.'nit
«" ar<l Working Ifat*. nido>r» must «a:«
In their prnposalK the rat« and time of <5».
llr«»ry ehAuid rwtitract b* awarded to them
• nd no proposition «houH be made wh'.cji
they *r* not positive that they can atmoluu-
ty fulfill. Preference will be (riven to ar-
ticles of domestic production and manu-
facture, ccmaitons of price and quality belna
equal (including in the price of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty th*reo;i>
and «uch prefcr*r>o» will be grlven to articles
of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Co&tt, to the ex-
tent cf the consumption required by tn«
public service there. The United State* re-
serves the right to accept or reject any cr
all proposals or any part thereof. Informa-
tion fud blanks for proposals will be fur.
nish£<l cn application. Envelopes containing
proposals will be indorsed "Proposals No.
1439." and addressed to MAJOR C. P. MIL-
LER. Quartermaster. U. 8. Army. Depot
Quart grmarter. .
DIVIDEND XOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice — The Giant Powder Ccm-
psiny. Con.; a dividend. No. SO, of eeventy-
flve cents <~bc) per rhar« on the Issued capi-
tal ftock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, r-jom»
202. 204, 206, Hay ward building San Fran-
cisco, on March 10. 1302. Transfer books
close March 3," 1002, at noon.' J. R. LEAV-
ELL. Secrcta»y. . _
/ TO LEASE.
>- \". ANTED — 3 to 5 acres . of land suitable for
' poultry and vegetables; sm&ll house; rent
reasonable, Bex Z~t". Call office.
AUCTION SALES
Special Auction Sale
- z — AT— —
MISSION STREET STABLES, 81S Mission St.
"Between Fourth and Fifth.
THUR DAY, much 6 at 11 a. m.
By order of M. Fltzpa trick, who Is retiring
from business on. account of ill-health, I will
sell the contents of the above stables without
reserve. • consisting of .40 head of good horses.
15 buggies, 15 wagons. 2 rubber-tired bug-
gies, - 1 ; surrey. 1 good hack as good as new,
40 sets of harness, robes, , blankets, etc.
JOHN J." DOYLK, Auctioneer.
Office 327 Sixth Street.
I WILL sell • TUESD AT. March 4, at 1140
Folsom St., 11 a m., a large assortment «f
horses, wagons, buggies, surreys, carts. 8ad-
dies and 40 sets harness; sale every Tuesday?
OCEAN . T&AVEL.
Pacitio Coast Steamship Uo.
' IS" Steamers leave Broadway
tek^ Wharf; San Francisco:
y^tesw For Ketchlkan, Juneau.
K}JJl%t*?»s_ Ekagway, etc.. Alaska— It
S^SSgfrSS^ a m., March 2. 7. 12. 17. 22.
R^P?^ v£l 27, April 1. Changs to com-
! P?S^*<L«Sjl pany's stenmeri at Seattle.
IkSSk^KM For Victoria. Vancouver.
i f Port Townsend. Seattle,
'^T^^^ Tacoma. Everett. New
Whatcom— lla. m., March 2. 7. 12, IT. 22, 27.
April 1 Chang* at Seattle to this company a
steame™ for Alaska and G..N..Ry.: «t Seattle
or Tacoma to N. V. Ry-:.at Vancouver to C.
P 'F*r y ' Eureka (Humboldt Cay)— 1:30 p. m..
March iS. 8. IS. 13. 23. 28. April 2
For San Pleito. storplne only at . 8a , n f t *
bara. Port Los Angeles and Kedcndo (£os i An-
geles)— Spokane. Sundays. 9 a. m.. SUte of
California Wednesdays. 0 a. m. - - . "__' ¦
For Lo« Anseles. callins at Santa Crus. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos, PorrKarford (San
Luis Obl*po). Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hue-
nVrrfc. Kast Son Pedro. San Pedro and »New-
VO go£S°tl n^March 7. 15. 23. 31, Aprtl 8
Cocs day. 1) a. m.. Mar. 3, 11. 19 27, Apr 4
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jo»« <i'\
Cabo Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Banta Rosa-
lia and Ouayrnas (Jlex.)— 10 a. m., »th,of each
For further' Information obtain foli.cr. ¦-••¦-
Klght Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ln TICK S "PT CPPTCE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hctel)..
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
- 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
"PQTf * *
SENATOR ...:.... JUNE 1
STATE OF CALIFORNIA..... , JUNE 7
Stjanwhips CITT OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving: San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above steamers. I Tb?
steamships Senator and State of California
made regular trips to Norne last year, lana-
lcx all paeeensrers and freiKht without loss,
mishap or delay. - For pasaenser rates apply
Ticket Office,' 4 New Montgomery st. (Palaea
Hotel). -
- GOODALL, PERKINS St CO.. Gen!. Agents,
: 10 Market »t. San Francisco.
i ' .,-..1.11 i ¦
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
TO PORTS IN MEXICO.
A Delight! u! Winter Trip.
• Only $60, including meals and ¦ berth. s for the
round triD, on board the Pacific Coast S. A.
Co.'a eteamer CURACAO, leaving SAN FRAN-
CISCO MARCH 7th and APRIL 7th. du« bac*
27th of each month, calling at the following
Mexican oorts: ENSENADA, MAGDALENA
BAY! SAN JOSE DEI. CABO. MAZATLAN
ALTATA. LA PAZ, SANTA ROSALIA. an<t
For 820 additional excursionists can return
from Guaymas by rail. For further particu-
lars ina«Ire at TICKET OFFICE. 4 New
Montgomery street, or 10- Market street, baa
Francisco. ¦ ¦ ¦
O. R & N* CG*
Only S*e«.xiA»l>.lx> XjI»» to
PORTLAND, Or.,
AnrJSlior* Rnll J-'n? Cr-mPwtlnl to n'1
points Eiant: ThrouftS Ti=t««^ tr> alt'
point*. r»l! pi 1 ' t «te»«m^nip <ina rail, at
XjO"VWTElSt1" £t-A.7X:S.
STEAMER TICKETS 3MCLUDS BEKTa »al JCB4.1.3.
SS COLUMBIA Sails ... Mar. 4, . 14, 24, Aprn 3
SS.' GEO. W. ELDER Sails
.. Feb. 27: Mar. 0, 10. 29, April 8
Steamer «UU from fdot of Epear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. 3.F.
TOYO filSEN KA1SHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR -
ner First and Brannan- streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Iliogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers for India.
etc. No -cargo received on board on day of
sailing. .
SS. AMERICA MARU ...'.
Friday. March 21st, 1902
SS. HONGKONG MARU i
.;. Tuesday. April 15th. 1902
SS. NIPPON MARU, ...Friday. May Oth. 1902
Round-trip' tickets lit reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce,
421 Market etreet. corner. First.
. .,.-.. W. H. A VERY. General Agent.,
A TOUR TO >
TINDER PERSONAL ESCORT.
LEAVING SAN FRANCISCO MARCH S.
Full particulars of
RAYMOND &.WH1TCOMB CO.,
¦ 61 Crocker building. ' San Francisco.
.ttCC«3.S.€0,Jilii~
B8. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
Saturday, March 8, 2 p. m.
88. VENTURA, for IlDnolulu. Bamoa. Auck-
. land and Sydney. .Thurs.. March 20, 10 a. rn.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti....
.....'.Saturday, March 29, 10 a. m.
i. D.SP&21EU ft B2D3. KG , Bflurai tgwtt. 127 V?M 81
ren'l fasswaw Cite, B43 Hfrtet »,. fto lo. ]¦ Pacific St
SAY AND BlVan ' BTBAMEIta.
Sni, S. NAYf YAR) AND VALLEiJ
Eittmsn GBX FRIS3U 'ft, MONTiCiSLLJ
y.4i> a. m.. 3:13 and 9:30 p. m., except Sun-
day, ftunday, U:4S a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
VaHejo 7 a. in., 12:30 noon, 0 p. m., «xctpt
Hujiilay. tSun4ay, 7 a. m., 4: IS p. in. Far* SO
c«ni*. T«1"ij1.oiio Main' 1009. t<andlny and
offtet, pl«r 2. MI««lon-strMt dock. HATCH
TWOS.
':/X : RAILWAY TBAVlg..
NORTH PACIFIC, COAST RA1LR0ACL
Via Sausallta ftrrj
?->¦--." ' Commencing September 29, 1901.
FROM *AN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY.
AND KAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— fl:53. S:Si>. •»:3U. 11:00 a. ra..
•1:15, 3:1B. 4:13, 8:15. •0:15. 0:45 p. m.
EXTRA -TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
P.afael on Mondays, Wednesday* and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
' 8UNPAYS—»3:00, •10:00. "11:30 a. m.. 'l^S,
3:15. »4:43, C:30, 0:30 p. m. ..
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:23, 6:27, 7:43, S^3, 10;13
a. m., »12:23, V:13, *3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS cn Mondays, Wednesdays
and Baturdays at 6:43 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 0:15, •8:00. »10:00, '11:43 a. m..
n:40. *3:15, 4:45. *«:30 p. m;
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY: TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 8:45. G: 45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a ir.Y-12:35.' 2:45. 3:50.- 5:10 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m., 12.C3. 2:13.
3:80. 5:00, 6:45 p. m. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
'.- 6:B3 a." m. week , days-rCazadero and way
stations. ¦ ' -v • «•-.'-.
-.1:*3 p. m.' Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stattons. ¦ , ' • - ¦< ' :
$ :(X> a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and vay
etations. "'¦ ' - - : • ¦¦ ¦- - -.
Le^il Holiday t"ats and trains wtll run on
Sunday time.
BATLWAY T3AVEL. ¦
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* l>i<i> nml nr« 4m> to itrrli* m»
HAT* nt-AVIVlHm.
(Main Line, Foot of Murket Street)
LiATK — Fkom Febrcart 9. 13C3 — auriti
?:OOa B«nicia, v tiulsuti, Elmir* and Baera-
inriitu JI-35»
7iOOa Vmc*»ille, Wiotera, Knreaey 7:S3f
'.:d»\ MartIiiez,8»iil:»iinm,V»;iejo.Ssr»,
l.'nlUtiiga and S»nis U<m» 0:2-l»
8:OOa DaTtx, Woodland, KuigUUtaadloc.
Marysfille. Oroitlle. 7iS<1*
8:O«U Atlautiu KxprMs-Ojclen aud Kul •:2.1a
HtUOA Xil««. Lathrop, Stockton *ia>»
ft:»O.i Nilm, MendoU, Uanford. Visalla,
, ¦ Poiter»illp ,.. 4«»3>
8:3Ua ShuU KxprMs— IMtih, WiKUmsffot
Bartlett Kptuigs), Wllluws, ft»d
Bluff. Portland. 7iM»
¦ iIIOa Sun .line, l.Uennor*, Stookloii,
Inue, flacramruto, ritorrville,
M»rymi!!e, l.'liic... Kail Ithitr. 4>8.1»
• lint Oakilatf. Chiness, Honors* Tuolomna 4>2-1r
U:«rt* llsTiTunl. Kili-saod Way autious.. lli.>.1«
OiOOa Vallrjo :... l»s33»
•iOua I.on Am e'.es Exiirsnn — kUrtlnas.
Tr*cj, i<«Uirii|t. Hionkiou, Mi-rer-J
Vremict antl Los Angeles 7<il34
OtSOA Vnll.-K AUrtliixxiiiiil Waj RtaUnus ?i»-1r
IO:«ua Tim OierUml I.liiiltort— Ogden, L>en-
»er, Omaha. Chlcmgn S>33»
fiioar flitcritinaiiLo ItWer Htttminn {11>(M>F
Ii»«r lleulela. Winters. Naerainanlo.
WiHMllitml. KnIkliU 1j»uiI!iii.
M«rysflllr. Ofo»lll« ' l»:3-1k
8:3"»r Ilajwunl, Nilt-s auil W*y Buttons.. 7i53»
4i«up MtirtiiKnt, Kjtii Uniimn. VaHejo,
Nairn. «:«lwlni(». K»nt» lti)«i» »-.23»
4i»or Ktit% LiTennor*. Stockton. L*«II... l» «f
4:.tnr iliTwanl. NH<M.Haik.liiiH». llnnnon fSiOa*
4:W>r Tim Owi l.imilr.l t Kre»no. Tul.urt),
)Snk«rsaeM. Haurw for .Santa Uar-
tiara. I.ns AncnHM SilVIt
(liitur Port Cos's, Tncy. Lathrop, Stockton loi'j.1*
Oi'»Or Martin- 7!. Antiocb, Stockton. Mer-
oed. Fn>sno 19t2*t
li«llr llamarii. Milan ami Man Jus« 7i.V1 4
fWiOUr Vallrjo ll«».l*
• •••r Oriental Mail— Ogrlen, Dearer.
Omalia. 8t loula, r.uietgo 4>*a»
"sOUr 4>ri-j(oiiit!iil «'»!if.iriiH Ks|>r«M,H»o<
rniiinntii. Alarjri«<llle, ItaiMlii*.
1'mtlMH.I. I'lignt HihiimI mill East »i3>»
«i«3rSa» I'ib'o, r.rt Coats, Mirtlaes
bm.I Way HUllous 1 l:2">»
l^tOftr Vall>}.. •»l3.1>
. COAST IilNE <^«rro«t «*»«•).
-¦-¦ ;,'-.*: : -, <r«».t<.| Market Street.* ¦ '
"~ kilQA Newsrh.i'miii-rtUh-.Nan.I'Me.Krltoii,
ll..iiiUli-r(;rr9k,Sai.ifi(!niz»iul\V»» >
button* »;*•»
)8i I rv, tttmntk, Oeiilei«lllc. Ban .foao Ni.w
Aluiaiinii, fulton. llonl.Vr Ore«k,
H*iii-« -Vtia suit 1 (iucl|>al Waf
.- 8fi«Uoiiii , l«tn»*
4.l.-lr Nsirark, Kan .loae, I,o« OaUiB jH:3«A
•O.Sur HuntTi" Train —San Jose sad Way
¦ ¦ Htatlops........ t7.»9F
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
tnm SIS rSiSCISCO-f mi ol' Xuk*t Strut (Slip g)*-
t?:16 11:00 J1(W».U. I:C3 3:J9 C.lB'X.
friiaOHUID— r*(l*r a r(>4«»f.— t<!:UO »3.UO 13:0*
10:004. u. 12:gQ 1.03 l:OJr.il.
COAST lilNC (itniail (Urkd). '
¦i'-'.r. crhlriimidTowiwaiiilSto.) ¦
6:i»A ban ,li>io «ih1 H'ijt Htatious. «"*•>*'
7:»O« Kan June :•»•! Way Htiitlmi ffl:n«4
/7t««ii N»w Abo**** v f *tlft
ai*>'» A Coast Line Limited — Fan .Tors,
Cilr> y. 8*!iua*, Bar. Luis Obixpo,
Stnta Barbara, I.oh Angeles und
' . principal intermediate sUtiona.... lOi-lir
• iOOa Man .!«.»». Tim l'looa. Huntu t'tns,
. . INdfia Hinir flan lulu
(!b:sno anil Priuciiiii intormedl*U
HUtl,. M a 4«l»»
I O::ioa 8au J.-a« and War SUtiaaa *::i«*
• li:i»A Him ..'iiaif nml Wi»jr Sutii.i.ii 1»:l«»
VJL: iXr flan M»t-o. K^dvroo.1, M».ln r«i»,
' 1'rIii Alto. HantaUlara, Han .lima,
Trwi Plnos, .Santa «:rnx, Smllnas.
Moiuorey a"'l I'aclllc (in.TB M*»-*94
8:^Ur Nan Joan hihI Way KtaMoim. l:»«r
Hilftr HanJi)»«an.l I'rii.oipa! Way Stations 3i^»f
4 lilO r gnnaet limited— Mondays, Wednra-
days, I*rlfl*7«. for Lo-i Anselea. El
Ta«o New Urlearj* and Kaw York.
Arrive* Handayi. Tuesdays aad
- • Thuradays IOiISa
ISltOr San Jnw, Los Gatos aud Principal
W»y8Utioue 1»i««*
Si*0r Sm.Ioss ami Principal Way Stations 6i-*t*r
«t»ni>8aii.li>ii- ami W*y HtaHmm ~>.lOt
7l**r Vvrr Orleans "Exprem — fan Lnls
Obispo. Santa JUrhara, Loa An-
gelea, D-mln«. Bl Paso, Haw Cr-
leaas and K«»i tZsSOa,
4*l»4.tp ean .loan-Hi-! Wht SUtli.ns ?>a»»
A for Morning. P for A f iemoon.
tSunrtay fcX09|>ted. 1 Sunday only.
t fa tur lay only. _ / Tnesda js and Indafh.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'djOvrl'd Local
Daily Daily | Dally Dally
: Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar.- Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p T:18 1>
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p r*.3<» a fl:ll p
" Fr«ano... 2:«5 p 2:35p 3:15al0:00p
" Hanford..| 3:12 pf a:27 p 8:«5 a
"Vlsalla... 3:39pf 5:00a
" Bakersfld 6:13 p 8:20 p 7:45 a ......
V Kan. City 2:40a 7;:iO a
"Chicago 2:15 p 0:OOp
a lor morclng. p lor afternoon.
9:00 a m. train is the California lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
DininK Cars through to Chicago. Chair. Car
runs to Bakersfleltl for accommodation o*
local flrst-clasa passengers. Ho second-
class tickets ara honored on this train. Cor.
responding train arrives at 7;C5 a. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. i« Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p m. dally.
8 p m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: al»<»
Palace Bleeper, --which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally,.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleid Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaqaln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Crnces — 041 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway.
Oakland. " -- '- -
¦ 11 . . 1 '
CALIFOBNIA NORTHWESTERN SY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AN3 NQBTH PACIFIC
.RAILWAY COWPANY.
1 Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
6an Francl«ct» to ?an Rafael.
WEKK DATS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3-SO o:10. 0:30 p. m.. Thursdays— Extra, •
trip 'at 11:30 p. m. . Saturdays — Extra tripJ
at l:6O and 11:30 p. fn. ' ._«.__«.
SUNDAYS— 8 :C0. »:i0. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, C:20 p. in. »
fenn Kofaei t-> Fan Francisco.
WEEK DATS— «:10, 7:50. 0:20. 11:10 a. ra.:
• 12-45 ~ 3:40. 6:15 p. ra. Baturdays — Extra,
trips at 1:55 and 6:33 p. m.
STTN DATS— 9:10. 0:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40, 3:40.
5:05, 6:S5 p. m. |
Leave *» I In Effect ! Arriva
San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 1901 1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 J 8un- I Week.
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am . Novato, |10:K)am| 8:4Oam
3:30pm 0:30am Petalunja. I 6:06pm|10:a5am,
6:10pm S:C0pm Santa Rosa-I 7:3apm| 6:iWpiu
Fulton.
7 '30am Windsor, 10:25am
0:00pm Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale. 7:33pm «:20pm>
7-:{rtam B :00pm Ilopland 10:40am 10:23am,
3:30pm S:C0am and Ukiah. 7:38pm 6:l3)pm,
7:30am |10:10am 10:25ara
R :00am Cuernevllle.l 7:35pm
3-.n0pm 5 :00pm I g:20prq
7:30am 8:C0am Sonoma ) • :13am 8:40am
and
6:10pm B:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:00pm 0:20pm,
7:30am| 8:C0am| 110:40am 10:23am
3:30ptn| 0:COpm[ 8«btntopol. | 7:'15pm 6:20pm>
Kta«e« ccnn»et at H.inta Ito«a tor Mark W««t
Springs and White Sulphur Bpring«: at Fultoi*
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs* at
Gvy»«rvUle for tSkagK* t^princs; at Clover4al«
for ih" Oeys«rs: at Ilopland for - Duncan
Springs, Highland Rprlngt. KeU«yvlll«. Carls-
bad Hprlnex, Hoda Hay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Borings; at Uktah for Vichy Hprlngs. flaratoga
Sprincs, BIu* Lakes. Laurel p«ll Lake, Witter
(Spring*. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's, KlvemMe. Llerley's, Duckn-M'n,
Hanhedrin l/*l»:ht». HulVcllle.Orr's Hot Springs,
Mendocino City, fort Bragg, Westpcrt. Csal.
Wllliw, I-Hytnnvlllf. Cummins, Bell's flprins*.
lUrrin. Olsen'n, Dyer, Scotia and .Eureka.
Saturday (a- Monday round-trip ticket* at re«
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond Ban Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket office, . (£0 Market ' street, Chronicle
bB H d C. S WHITlN-a. H.X.RYAN.
Gen. Manaxer. - Gen. Past. Act.
MOUNT TAMALPA15 RAILWAY
. L^ave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. Sin Fran.
9-30 a.\ «:«)a. , ami^ m „ IJ0 l.OO r. y.io a.
l-lsV.r^*^-?^"^ 15:55 P.J
- Tin. IfeaFniKbratranflMnUMd Baton. II. »'.
Eokrt Offla*. «a HAMU7 STKUX tad 3A0&JUO0 fXaSX.
/f^%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
£ >pv«rJ^ 629 EEAK5T ST. Established
Kr^ff^f ~\l'» 1S.V4 for the treatment of Prlv;it»
M /iw^JEglH se-tses. I^^t Manixxid. Debility or
Bl aSflSSS&'li^asp^v earing on hodjamtnitnrt and
iSrji^jrfeva^lJln Diseases. The Doctorcures when
5v®*T?£23 others fall. Try hlro. lhargfs low.
flhfcP-HjpgfXt-nr** ruiirnnlffil. Call orwrll*
tiv. J* Sm «llf EOS. tiou franciaco. Ovk _
8T. JOSEPH'S UNION— The eeml-annual
requiem muss for the j deceased members of
fit. Joseph's Union, and' for the deceased
friends of the living member*,' »vlll bo cel«.
brated In fit. Mary'* Cnthedral, at 10
o'clock, Wednesday, next, the • cth Inst. \ A
ftermon appropriate to the occatlon will ba
prearhed by a distinguished mlKiionary, ¦
£7Trlends and acnualr.Unees ere respect;,
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuecday), nt 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1012 Foinom street, thence .to et.
Joseph'* Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repovo of
his «sonl, commencing at 10 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Croes Cemetery.
EyFrienda anJ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, under the auspices
of Loyal California Lodge No. 7005, from
. the undertaking parlors of James Hagan. 445
Valencia street. Interment Laurel Hill Cem-
etery. . • - '¦
PATTERSON— In this city, March 2, - 1002,
Marsaret Patterson, a native of England,
aged SO' years 0 months and. .15 days, , ./
PLUMMER— In this city, February. 28, 1002,*
* C. B. Plummer of Oakland, a native of
Maine, aged 70 years 8 months and 27 days.
PORTER — In this city, March 2. .1002, Sher-
man Porter, beloved son of Alice . L. and
John W. Porter, and brother of Mrs. J. Faw-
cett, Mrs.. Qulnn, Wesley, Harrison, Nor-
man, Milton. Noamle. Ruth, George, Win-
' ri>ld and Eva. Porter, a native of San Fran»
- clsco, . aged 6 years 7 months and 24 days.
PRAIRO — In Oakland. March 1, 1!)C2, John
Myrick, beloved hvsband of Elizabeth Prairo,
,father of John, ¦ Joseph and the ldte . Jesee
Prairo, and brother of Judith Chase, Mary
Lucas, Ed Prairo and the late Rebecca Kas-
tens, a native of Nantucket Island, Massa-
chusetts, asred 01 years 7 months and 22
days. • • • .
REED — In Oakland, at 954* Broadway. March
1, 1002; Robert Reed, father of Mrs. Helen
P. Kennedy,', a native of New York, aged C7
years 2 months and 23 days, j
SPENCE^In . the City and County Hospital,
March 2. 190L', Phlllln Sncnce, a native of-
England, aged 40 yean,, t ¦
WHITE — In this city,' March 2, 1002, Daniel
J., dearly • be'.oved son of Daniel and the
lale Jane White, a native of' San Jose, Cal.,
aged 33 years 2 months and 2 days. , (San
Jose and' Bakersfleid, Cal., papers please
copy.). ¦ . , • v
. lETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Bunker <fc Lunt, 20(30 Mission
street, thence to St. Peter's Church. Twenty-
fourth and Alabama streets, where a solemn
requiem ' mass will be .celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PAGE — In this city, March 2, 1902, Ernest H.
Page, beloved husband of Minnie Page,- and
father of Lionel and Annie G. Page, a na-
tive of England, aged 35 years and 26 days.
jt£ (E7"The funeral : will - take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) , at 9 o' clock, from, ¦ her f late ."resi-
dence, 556 'Natoma street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for. the repose
: of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.- In-
. terment Holy Cross Cemetery.' < - •
NEARY— In this city. February 28, 1002.
Bridget Ellen Neary, a native of Ireland,
aged 70 years. , '¦?¦,-.¦:¦¦
-CyFrienda and acquaintances ar e respect-
¦fully Invited to attend • the funeral to-day
(Monday), at I o'clock, from the residence of
' his parents, . 892 Fourteenth street, thence to
Trinity Methodist. Church, corner Sixteenth
and Nee streets, where services will be held.
Cremation at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MULCARE — In this city, March . 2, 1902,
Mary, wife ,• of Patrick Mulcare, and
mother of • Josephine, May. James and Nel-
lie Mulcare, a native of Duagh, County Ker-
ry, Ireland, aged 54 years and 11 months.
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral' to-morrow
(Tuesday), at £:i$0 o'clock, from the parlors
-of McGinn Bros.. 224-22U McAllister street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a
mass will be celebrated -for the reoone ¦ ot
her soul commencins at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. >
MARTIN— In this city, March 1, 1002, Alexan-
der Martin, beloved husband of the late
Martha Martin, and father of Mabel C. and
Stanley Martin, a native of Philadelphia,
Pa., esed (JO years. ' ¦ i. . .
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock.from Ma3onlc Tem-
ple, corner Post and ¦ Montgomery, streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No.
103, F. and A. M- ¦ . ; •
McKNIGHT— In this city, March 1, 1902,
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Mc-
Knight, and father of Thomas A., MarJorie
and Doufflass C. McKnight, a native,, of
England, aged 42 years and 2 days, » .
rc^ffrlend* and acquaintances are j^spect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, under the auspices
of Spartan Lodge No. 36, A; O. U. W., from
the undertaking parlors of James Hagan. 442
Valencia street, thence to Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery for cremation. •
MERRILL— Iu this city, -March 2, 1902. Jen-
nie M.. beloved wife of C F. Merrill, and
daughter of Mrs. Jennie M. Rogers, and
aister of Mrs. W. G. Schomberg and C. S.
and R. W. Rogers, a native of New York,
aged 42 years 9 months and 20 days.
MEYER— In this City, (March 1,. 1902," John
H., -beloved husband of Rose Meyer, father
of Carrie. Edna, John and George Meyer,
and brother of Diedrleh Meyer, a native of
Germany, . aged 43 years* 3 months and 25
days. ¦ ' ii'J. ¦
i£7Friend8 and acquaintances are .respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
"(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from- the parlors
¦ of H. F. SUhr & Co., - 1137 Mission street,
between Seventh and Eighth. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, ¦ by electric funeral
car from Eighth and Harrison streets. • v
MITCHELL— In this city, March 1, 1002,' Jo-
seph Boone Mitchell, beloved son of Joseph
S. . and Sarah A. Mitchell, and ' brother of
Grace II., May and George 8.. Mitchell and
1 Mrs. /Rose Mitchell Owen, a native of New
York, aeed 1Q. years and 10 months. (Lot
Gatos papers please copy.) ...
Edward Duoas", beloved son of Mrs. Chris
KoBter, and grandson ¦ of 1 Mrs. Evelyn and
\ the lale'-. Octave •¦•Dupas.v a native of . San
Franciflco, aged 8 years and 5 days. ., » :¦¦¦»*.
• ' HTFriends and acquaintances • are respect -
" " fully invited to attend ¦ the • funeral . to-day
- (Monday), - at 2 o'clock, from the residence
• of his ,aunt, Mrs." C._, Demarais, 642 San
¦ Bruno avenue,' 1 1 1 between ¦ > Eighteenth \ and
Nineteenth streets.* Interment Laurel Hill
' Cemetery. , • - . ' : ' . ¦ .' ¦
FISCHER— In this city, March 2, 1902, Emma,
dearly ¦ beloved and only, daughter of Helcne
and the 1'fi.te Fred- Fischer, and sister ¦ of
Fred Fischer, a native of New York, . aged
JO years 4 months and 8 days. - -
.... ([3* Friends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), from St. Johannes German Evan-
gelical Lutheran Church,- . where services
will- be held, commenclne at 1:30 .o'clock.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, : by car T
~- riage., '.-. *-•¦,-> ' '¦ ' ' - -¦- ' . " ' " ¦ / M
HALL— In this city, March 1, 1902, Jessie
Mae, beloved wife of Harry Hall, daughter
of the late W.T. Phillips, and sister of Mrs.
Lillie Button, a native of Georgia, aged 27
years 9 months and ' 16 days. ¦ ¦ v
tCT Funeral Monday. March 3, at 2 o'clock,
from the residence, 533 Post street, thence
' to Odd Fellows' Cemetery. <. •
KEABLES — At Veterans' . Home, Yountvllle,
Cal., March 2. 1002, Thomas Ash Keables,
\ M. D.. aged 58 years. •
IE?" Funeral at Napa, Tuesday, March . 4,
'. at 1:30 o'clock. '. . , . • , ¦ ' -, . ¦ .
KING CHUNG— In the City and County Hos-
pital March 2, 1902, King Chang, a native
of China, aged 64 years. ¦ - - \ ;
KRAMER— In this city, March 2, 1902, Hanore
Kramer, a native of Ireland, aged (U years
10 months and 13 days.
MAHONEY — In 1 thi3 city, February > 28, • 1902,
James V.; beloved husband of the late Ellen
Mahoney, and father of James Mahoney Jr.,
late chief engineer of . steamship Acapulco, a
native of St. John, New Brunswick, aged VI
years. (St. » John, New Brunswick, papers
please copy.) - • 1 ¦ ¦ ••.....
H^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to Sacred Heart Church,
where a requiem high mass . win - be cele-
' brated for the reoose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Hojy Cro69
Cemetery. ¦ , ' . ¦ ~ ¦
MANNING! — In this city, March 20, 1902,
Julia, beloved wife of the late Michael Man-
ning, and mother of John W. Manning, a
native of Dublin, Ireland, aged 67 yeais.
REAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SALE.
SPECIAL BUYS FOR SALE
'-By
THOS. MAGEE & SONS.
- ..-"5 Montgomery, st. ¦
$9250 — Good 2-Etory house • with 12 rooms
and 2 baths, attic and basement; i modern
plumbing and furnace; a thoroughly modern
house In fine order; in splendid portion of
Pacific Heights; -key lot 27x137:0; Just re-
duced. .¦-.;¦ ¦ "
Pine et. — Location for flats: 2 blocks from
Van Ness ave.; 55 feet front; full depth;
old residence which can be changed into
flats, and lot 27:6 feet adjoining which Is
ready to build on: north 6lde.
1175 — THE owner of this lot lives In the East
¦ and wants to stll it. He is in need of the
money. It is on Forty-sixth ave., near M
at., close to the Ocean boulevard. It can be
bought very cheap. - '-¦¦
(10 cash, $5 monthly, tor a cheap . level
let In Richmond and another one In the
outer cart of the Mission.
. McEWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery at.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agents.
Property Bought and Bold.
Rents collected.
WANTED — To purchase a residence north of
Broadway, from Van Ness ave. to Lyon et.
W. J. GUNN, 530 California et.
WANTED — To purchase lots from Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to Lyon et.
W. J. GUNN. 030 California 8t
FOR sale — Fine .new Mission home; big lot, 57x
120; 7 rooms and bath; here's a bargain; must
be sold; worth $6000; make an offer; splendid
locality; grand view; car lines close. CONK-
LIN. FULLINGTON & CO.. 710 Market St.
REAL ESTATE-— COUNTRY — For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^I
Email tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
Ean Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co., 302 California St., for
pamphlets and Information.
A DESCRIPTIVE catalogue/published weekly,
free to buyers and sellers; accurately de-
scribing all classes of country property, after a
personal inspection, for sale a.nd exchange by
N D. EICKELS. the Land Agent, 6 Geary bt.
FROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach and prune
lands to sell: right locality; big money; easy
payments. HEALT & CARR, 6 Eddy st.
Santa Clara Valley. Ean Jose and Peninsular
properties, see WOOSTER. WHITTON k
MO.NTQOMEBY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HE AL ESTATE.
A — COTTAGE. 6 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 62x147;
original loan $4200; price $3000; easy pay-
ments and part other property in exchange.
MURDOCK. 614 Pine gt.
$2650^ — NEW complete cottage of . 6 rooms;
Weber st. : fine location; everything first
class: lot 50x120; $1200 cash; terms. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st. .;
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LOOK AT THIS! LOOK AT THIS!
Here's your chance for a home; $100 cash,
$15 per month, buys new modern cottage 5 ;
rooms, bath, laundry, etc, on improved
street; close to station; price $1900; Install-
meats equal rent only: a rare opportunity.
- H- P. IRWIN, Lorln Station.
EEXD for "Homes," etc. WM. P TODD
1070 Broadway. Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
< St., San Francisco.
COTTAGE of 7 rooms and bath: high base-
ment; easy payments. MURDOCK. 514 Plna.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
AN unparalleled opportunity; 200x130 feet. cor.
Wilson ave. and Hopkins St.; 2 blocks from
2 etreet cars and public school; furnished cot-
tage of 6 rooms; stable, chicken-house, pig-
eon cote, etc.; ornamental grounds- fruit
orchard; 20 minutes from Oakland or 1 hour
from S. F.; rent $35 a month: price $4000.
Apply J. R. FREUD. Mills building, or H.
A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station.
FOR sale — Lot near electric road) lmpover-
ished owner desires coin, hardup. Box 3899
Call office. ' j
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1113 BROADWAY.
_ OAICIiAXD REAL ESTA.TE.
$1650— $100 CASH, balance $20 per month; new
5-room bouse; 5 minutes' walk to local.
WM. P. TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland, or
11 Montgomery St.. San Francisco?
$300 CASH, balance $33 per month; new 8-room
house; 10 minutes' walk to ldCal. WM P.
TODD, 1070 Broadway, Oakland, or 11 Mont-
gomery st., San Francisco.
$1750— LODGING-HOUSE, 32 rooms; best In
Oakland; sickness cause of sale; also 16-
room house, $600. ALDEN CO.. 1118 Broad-
way.
$350 — GOOD business for sale; pays $100 month
clear; sale includes furniture and piano.
ALDEX CO., 1118 Broadway.
SEND for- "Homes," etc. WM. P. TODD,
1070 Broadway, Oakland, or 11 Montgomery
St., Ean Francisco.
WE offer bargains in dwellings and lots In
Oakland and Alameda; for sale and ex-
change. HEALY & CARR. 0 Eddy St.
OAJvL^XD^FURXITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCRELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPL\G.
ARIEL and SOLAR flats,- 025 anTMl^urlc^tr:
lir lit class; new bldg.; housekeeping suites.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 425-427—New ' house.
Just finished 15th of this month; modern im-
provements; electric light, hot and cold wa-
ter in every room; price reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. C22 — A large sunny bay-
wlndow eulte of 2 rooms; gas range, bath.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1200— Sunny unfurnished
apartments; also single furnished room.
HATES, 73S — Bunny furnished front rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 823 — Large sunny room Xor house-
keeping; also single.
HYDE, 40S — Sunny front alcove suite com-
plete for housekeeping {20; also rear base-
ment, yard, laundry, $14.
LE~AVENWORTh",*T52I— 2 large rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished for housekeeping; no
other roomers. • ,
MINNA. 64fl — Furnished rooms ComDlete Xor
housekeeping. ' '
I'ARNASSKS ave., 217, cor. Stanyan St.. over-
looking GoMen Gate Park — Front and back
parlors furnished for housekeeping; take
Halght or Ellla <t. cars.
PINE, J300, corner Hyde— 2 sunny front cor-
n«*r furnished room*; gas rang*; laundry; $17.
TENTH, S08A— 4 aunny housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas rar.ee and coal utove.
THIRD, AlTiti — Sunny - housekeeping room*;
furnished; kitchen; gas; bath.
THIRTEENTH, 189— Fin* suit* of rooms;
ccmplett tor housekeeping; no children,
Tl.'J'.K, J20— 2 unfurnUhf'd rooms, connecting,
for hi7uy<-k<-«»plng; cheap.
TWELFTH, 23 — 2 «unny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; walking dlsUtnc*, of Call; no
children. »
VAN KEB8 ave,. Irtoi-Larm, nlcMy furnlah'd
•unny corner parlor '•Mte{ »ultabl« for pro-
frMlonal use; also bounekepeing rooms and
other rooms,
CLA UNIFIED iidvertls*ment« and «ub»crlptlons
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A UKANCH office for-Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S»0
Valencia ft. ' ' ' ' .
nOOMS TO LET— Pnni. and Vnlnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel/ 234 McAllisters-New, elegant!
«unny; grill attached; 75c day upward; rates
by week or month; McAlltoter cars to door.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 8Utth — Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open. nil night.
EURNETT. 142C Market (old No. 1364)— Fwr-
tilthed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. " Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; -prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321 (Mozart) — Nicely furnished rooms.
25c, $1 60 night; $1 60. $C wk.; open all night
$1 PER week— Furnished rooms. 820 Folsom
gt.. near Fourth.
GEARY. 405 (The Navarre)— Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEART, 774 — Large sunny ¦ front room, with
alcove; water; use of bath; furnished or un-
furnished; private family. •
GRAND SOUTHERN Hotel, 7th and Mission—
Family house; those requiring a quiet, orderly
. heme at moderate charges;sult.slngle;elevat.
GRANT. 245 — New bachelor apartments; fur.
cr unfur.; cultable physician or dentist; refs.The double tragedy was not discovered
until 2:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon
when Sergeant Burnett and Policeman
Pearl forced an entrance to the room. The
body of the woman was found lying on
the floor near the door. Her face was a
mass of bruises and on the inside corner
of the rifrht eye a bullet wound was found
from which the blood had flowed freely,
matting her golden brown hair. On a
chair before th% mirror of the dressing
case the murderer, a square-jawed,
smooth-shaven man of 20 years, sat in a
half reclining position with a bullet hole
through his heart. •
Eddy street, when Harvey G.ii
lagher, an oil 'well driller, shot and -killed
the woman with whom he had been living.
Mrs. May Wiliton, divorced wife of n
Southern Pacific conductor, and then sent
a bullet through hit own heart.
THE last chapter In a story of
rullty love extending over three
years was written In blood some
time during Saturday night at
the United States Hotel, on
"She was my wife," he said. '"We were
married in Oakland five years ago' and
went to BakersHeld to live. I did every
thing I could to hake her happy.-" I am
a railroad conductor and my run made it
necessary for me to remain^ away from
home forty-eight hours at a. tlmel Dur
ing my absence this man Gallagher.. who
Is a well-borer by occupation, became
enamored of my wife. She found some
thing In. him to like. too,, because three
years ago I returned home to find that
she had fled with him. I tried to bear
my sorrow as. host I could, but I always
loved her, and whenever I; knew her
whereabouts I besought her to return to
me. I saw her last about -two years, ago
She was then on her way to Bradley to
Join Gallagher, who -was employed theVe.
She refused to leave him and I let her go.
."I arrived in San Francisco yesterday,
being brought here by. information: that
my wife was stopping with Gallagher at
the Golden West Hotel and that- he was
abusing her. ; I brought a. gun with. me,
intending to kill this man: I went; to tho
Golden West this morning and sent , a
messenger boy In to te.l Gallagher that a
man wanted to see- him on the sidewalk.
The clerk told the boy. that Gallagher and
my wife had left the hotel. •¦ I. then went
for a walk, and on my rtturn tomyroom
I was notified of the tragedy -'. • ¦¦¦
. "Gallagher was a thoroughly. bad man.
He deserted a wife and three children In
Bakersfleld ..to elope with the' woman he
killed, last night, and from what I hear
he was in the habit of • abusing her
shamefully ever since he took her
from me. ' . - . ¦
"I shall take charge" of '.tier body ns
soon as the authorities are finished with
Eloped With Gallagher.
the avowed intention of either inducing
her to return to him or killing the man
who was responsible for her ruin.
After much solicitation he was ' at last
allowed to view the bodies in the same
positions they were found. He gazed down
at the face of the woman for some min
utes, with every evidence of deep emotion,
and then said: ; .
"Yes, that is poor -May, and that is the
man who took her away, from my home.
Poor, little girl, you have paid dearly for
the pain you caused me, and as God hears
me, I forgive you."
Wilson Is a Southern Pacific. conductor
and has a run between Bakersfield and
Lathrop. He Is a well-appearing man of
40 years and bears evidence of being pros
perous. He was deeply stirred by the
shocking tragedy to which he ; was such
a near, though unconscious, neighbor,
and could scarcely control his feelings.
Trapper'a Oll'cures rheumatlsm.and neuralgia,
DrUBgliti, 6Oo flask. ¦ Richard & Co.. 400 Clay.
The first patent w.as' issued to Samuel
Hopkins in 1790 for: making "i>ot or pearl
ashes." • . .' . '. ¦
The St. .Patrlck'sday convention met at
1133 Mission street yosterday to further
its plans for tho St. Patrick's day ccle-
St. Patrick's Convention Meets.
Try the Cafe Xlnkund for lunch. 'Good
meats well cooked, we'll served. \ ••
. ; February of this yeor has been even
better than January In' the picture and
frame" business. Wo did not think It would
be \ possible, but as the "new styles of
frames: become better, known, the trade
steadily Increased. . A cordial Invitation to
examine the new things is extended to all
banborn, Vail & Co., 7U Market street. •
Pictures and Frames.
The regular monthly musical service
was held last night at. Grace Episcopal
Church. i Professor; William Henry. Holt
presided at tho organ and a choice pro
gramme of hymns and sacred music was
rendered by the vested choir. The pro
gramme follows: :.,;¦:.:
Anthexn, J'God Shall Charge His Angel
«n B !2V s 'V LuCR ntoni. choir; tenor boIo.
'•Comfort Ye and Every Valley," from
Handel's "Messiah," J. F. Veaeo' "Im
rnortality." bv Caso. choir; bnryton'e boIo,
"Lead^ Kindly Light " 8. Homer < Hen
ley; "«y Babylon's Wane." choir.
_ Among the slngorM were William Me-
Donald,' Fred Purdy, Cyril Holt.-Charks
Goetting and Charles Parent.
Professor Holt, Renders a
Choice Programme. '
Vested Choir, Under the Direction of
.There was an unusually large number of
people driving in the Park, 'butpednstrl
nns were not so much in evldonco au Sun
day generally llnds thorn. Those whb did
wander through Its^windlng ways foiind
amnlo amusement at the aviary, paddocks
and aquarium.- .' ¦
Those never-falllngr points of interest,
the Park and Cliff, drew a larpe crowd
from the city's crowded districts yester
day. Owing to the absence of -the music
at the Park a greater number were pres
ent at tho beach. The weather was 'cold
and clear in> spite of an attempt, on the
part of. the; clouds to" give. the eartlr an
other wettlnj. , ,
•There was o.ulto a swell on" the ocean,
and vessels coming, In and going out the
"gate''; created , no small Interest -to the
crowds on Land's Knd and th«. balcony
of the Cliff Jlou^e.
Absence of Music Causes the
to Seek the Ocean- ¦ -
side.
BEACH TAKES THE CROWD
AWAY FROM THE PARK
A. G. Wells, who was recently appoint
ed general manaBcr of the Santa Fe Rail
way. Company to succeed the late "W. O.
Nevin, arrived In this r clty .last evening;
nnd registered, at, the Palace. Wolls was
formerly general superintendent' of ' the
road, with headquarters at Loa, Angeles.
. AccompanylnR Wellfl on his trip , were
i. .i. Bnepurd, who Hucceeds.hlm as gen
eral "upctrlntondent at Lo» Angolcn; Chief
Lr-Klneor It. ¦ n. Hums of LnaAnsclcs, Sh-
Jn" rl . ntei l <lont "A. D. Schlndlrr of Fresno,
rmln Ma«ter, R." II. vTuttle, Buperln
tondent W. u. -Hfamer of . Snn ' Bernar
\i> no \, ¦ Superintendent John "Donalr of
*7 r ?.V/ >s nna Supnrlntendont I.'L. Hlhbard
of- Wlnslow, Arizona. ,,..;;• s i.
Ino party madcr a visit ,6f liiHpcctton to
every, Btatlon on ,tho >.road botwoeri' this
5i ty . *VJ" Alh «'liiorn«c. Thl« was dono so
th i". t M S- w « ! l*» "could -famlllarlzo" himself
wJth the conditions of ,, the roHd tm the
territory over which he-- will. have'Ruper
vlBion.-.wlU- bo all, that west of Al
buquerque; ' '. ,
Left Vacant by the Death' of
W. G. Nevin. ,
A. Q. Wells Arrives to Take the Place
COMES HERE TO MANAGE
THE SANTA FE RAILWAY
FINE MUSICAL SERVICE
HELD AT GRACE CHURCH
A telegram received ' last night from
Bakersfield says that' all parties to the
tragedy are well known there. Gallagher
has been • employed as a well-driller by
several companies in the Kern River dis
trict and made his headquarters at Kern
City. Mrs. Wilson 1 was the second wife
of W. B./ Wilson, a railroad conductor,
his .first wife having died -about eight
years ago... The relations existing between
Gallagher and Mrs. Wilson were generally
known in. Bakersfield - and Kern City
When: Wilson left for San Francisco he
confided to his friends that the object of
his journey was to search for his former
.wife. . ... .
The bodies were removed to the Morgue
and will be kept there until the Coroner
has held an Inquest over them. The room
at > the hotel where the tragedy occurred
will be in charge of the Coroner .until
after the inquest.' •
Gallagher was rather shabbily dressed,
but in his pockets were found |42 80. One
trunk.iand two grips were, in the room,
the .trunk containing the clothing and ef
fects of the woman. There were some
letters and photographs among them, but
nothing to show that • the terrible deed
was premeditated. -
No one around the hotel saw them Sun
day night and nobody heard the shots
which ended their, lives. This was prob
ably due to the noise of the storm which
was raging outside. Mrs. Benjamin, an
employe of the restaurant on the first
floor of the hotel, says she heard a wom
an's screams Sunday night about 11
o'clock, but she, was busy at the time and
did not pay much attention to the inci
dent. It was probably at this time that
Gallagher administered the beating which
was preliminary .' to the murder and sui
cide. The electric lights were still burn
ing . in the room when the door was
forced, showing that they had been burn
ing all-night.
No One Heard Shots.
to vacate their room and Policeman Pearl
was called to eject them. He says they
were both under the influence of liquor
when he went to the room. The man had
destroyed a hat belonging to the woman
and she claimed he had otherwise abused
her. She said she wanted to leave him
because he was cruel. Gallagher told her
he could not live without her, but they
finally agreed to separate. They moved
their effects out of the Golden West and
evidently became reconciled again, be
cause they went together to the United
States Hotel Thursday night and secured
a room together. They were very quiet
and attracted no particular "notice there.
Charlcn Reynolds ,wnH arrostod about 5
o'clock ycHtordny morning by Policemen
Joy and Cuvnnaugh and booked nt the
City Prison oh n charge of burglary. Tha
officer* discovered him, In the uct of rob
bing the window In Mdrril Epnein's store,
U10 Kcarny utrort. Ho had broken iho
v.-ir.dow, but did not hnve time: to steal
anything before. the officer* caught him.
James Simpson was arrested about 5
o'clock yesterday morning by Policeman
Mulcahey and booked "at the City Prison
on a charge of burglary.' Saturdny night
between 8:30 and 1Q o'clock he broke into
the room of \V. R. Macomber, a member
of the Hawaiian Glee Club, at 121 Powell
etieet, and Htole a mandolin, gultnr, cam
•¦ra Hnd overcoat, which the officer found
in him room at is Kills Btreet.
One Hobs Room of Hawaiian Singer,
Another Breaks Into a'Stcre
Window.
TWO THIEVES CAPTTJBED
BY, POLICE OFFICERS
Last night W. L. . Wilson, .the former
husband of the murdered woman,
slept on- the same floor of . the
hotel where his wife lay dead
and had no Intimation of the terrible se
quel of her unfaithfulness to him or of
her presence in the house untllan hour
after the bodies had been found. He had
come up from Bakersfleld last night with
Husband in ; the Hotel.
As soon as news was received of the
tragedy at police headquarters. Detectives
TJ Bailey and Tim Reardon were de«
tailed to take charge of the room. They
expelled the. crowd of. curious spectators
and took care of the effects until the ar.
rival of the Coroner's deputies. . :
When entrance was gained the room pre-
B^l e i ai J. awfur sight. The woman lay
with her head against the -wall. Her face
was severely bruised; which must have
come from a beating adminstered
b e f °re_f1ie killing. The position of
the body showed no signs of a struggle.
She must have fallen and died almost in
stantly. The surroundings indicated that
after the murder the man had proceeded
to commit suicide with the utmost delib
eration. He had tilted the glass in the
mirror to such an angle as would afford
him a good reflection of himself as he
sat in the chair. His undershirt was not
perforated by the bullet, but the flap was
slightly powder burned, indicating that he
had pulled it back and pressed the muzzle
of the revolver against his naked flesh.
In the room were nine empty beer bot
tles, which had been brought there since
the chambermaid had cleaned up the
apartment the afternoon before. The bed
had not been occupied but a, broken bot
tle was found on it and marks which indi
cated that Gallagher had thrown the
woman across the bed and beaten her
with the bottle .
The discovery of. the tragedy was made
»J J. C. Yoakum, a brother-in-law of trie
««? ? WOman - He and hls wIf e had an ap
pointment with Gallagher and the Wilson
woman to go to the Cliff House yesterday
afternoon. They called at the United
«i e l otel and we nt to the room occu*
umaX th ,? C0U P le - Repeated rappings
tS f ?K°-? 1Icit a response, and, noticing
that the key -was on the inside of the
• -5; * oa £ um su rmised that all was not
right within. He lifted himself up so that
fie could see through the transom and got
». « ew -r? f Gall agher's dead body on thu
chair. He at once notified a bellboy who
summoned Sergeant Burnett and Police
man Pearl. The officers pried out the
transom with a; hatchet and the bellboy
crawled through the aperture and opened
the door.
it and accord her a proper burial. After
she left me Isectired a divorce from her,
but I always regarded her with great af
fection.". ¦.'•,-:,• : ¦ ¦¦
Wilson . registered at the United States
Hotel yesterday- with a woman whom he
represented as his wife. He denied, how
ever, that he had been married since his
divorce, but wouid-not say who the other
woman was. When he informed; her of
the murder and suicide she- ran into her
room crying,- "Poor May, poor May," and
shortly afterward the couple left the
hotel., r • . • : >v ¦ . ¦
Sister' Is Prostrated.
Mrs. J. C. Yoakum, sister of the mur
dered woman,' who was' present; with her
husband when the tragedy was discover
ed, was ¦; completely prostrated by the
shock and had to be removed to her home
in a> cab. Her husband gave all* the In
formation the couRle possessed regarding
the identity ; of - the corpses and the" cir
cumstances surrounding the tragedy. *
"I met May and -Gallagher on the street
last Thursday evening and she told me
she was stopping at the United States
Hotel -with her husband, Harvey Gal
lagher," said Yoakum.. "I called there
Friday afternoon to see them. She told
me she had secured a divorce from her
former husband and- was -now married lo
the man In whose -company I found- her.
:i made an engagement with them to go to
the.. Cliff House this afternoon and brought
my wife with me. When we could ; not
gain entrance to the room and I found
the key was in the lock I thought some
thing awful < must he hidden by that
closed door. I; stood on the knob and
locked through the transom. I could see
the body of Gallagher on the chair, but
I ,was unable to catch a view of May's
body, as It lay close under the door. I
at once notified the bell boy and shortly
afterward two policemen removed the
transom and opened .the door. Fortu
nately I had. removed my wife to the par
lor of the hotel I and she did not see the
interior of the? room, or I think it would
have killed her. As it is, she is in a seri
ous condition from the, shock. . •
My .wife has not 'known much of her
sister's whereabouts for several years.
May was 26 years of age and was born In
Iowa. She has lived in' California eight
years."" • ., - . • ,
Ejected From One Hotel.
.- So far as can be ascertained, Gallagher
and the woman - came to San Francisco
about ten days ago. They 'stopped at the
Golden West Hotel, on Ellis street, for a
week, but were ordered to leave there last
Thursday because their drunken quarrels
annoyed the other guests. •• They refused
SUICIDE AND VICTIM DISCOVERED IN UNITED STATES HOTEL, AND HER FORMER HUSBAND.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONI)AY, MARCH 3, 1902.
Former Spouse, Comes to. City Intent on Avenging Himself and
Unknowingly in the SameV Hotel -Where His Divorced
Wife IB^^^^^§i^Mi^^00M^Mi^^^^$f^^^^i
8 Drunken Rage Man Murders Female Companion Who Deserted
Home and Husband to Follow
His Own Heart While 'Seated in a Chair in vFront of a Mirror
AWFUL TRAGEDY BRINGS TO A CLOSE THE LIVES
OF HARVEY GALLAGHER AND MRS, MAY WILSON
His upper, outer clothing had been re
moved, with the exception of the under
shirt. From the position of the body and
the condition of the clothing, it was evi
dent that after Gallagher had sped the
bullet which ended the woman's life he
had drawn a chair in front of the mirror,
eat down, pulled back the flap of his un
dershirt and Inflicted a wound on himself
that proved instantly fatal. His heaa
hung back over the chair, and the open,
staring- eyes were turned in the direction
•Where his victim's body lay.
On the floor beside the dead b<Jdy of the
man was found the weapon with which
the crime was committed. It was a 88
callber Smith & Wesson revolver and two
of the cartridges In it had been exploded.
The woman was fully dressed,
¦with the exception of one shoe,
which had been removed. Her right
hand was crossed over her breast
and In her left hand was the key
to her trunk. A email diamond and gai
net ring was on one of the -fingers of her
right hand and around her neck was a
Bold chain", attached to a small watch.
Her clothing was neat and of moderate
cost.
10
¦v; . ' . AJViatTISEIOairTS. _,__,__,_ \
— -~~ ~ ~ — rr
We have now on sale a most ele-
gant assortment of NEW WASH
DRESS FABRICS, in all the latest
||v| materials for Spring and
Summer wear.
Satin Striped Silk and Linen Batiste,
Japanese Corded Wash Silk.s,
French Printed Challies,
Silk and Linen Fancy Tissues,
Mercerized Cotton Foulards,
Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities,
English Galateas and Oxfords,
Japanese Wash Crepes, gjj
Printed Percales and Sateens,
Egyptian Lace Tissues,
Plain and Printed Organdies,
Scotch Cheviot Shirtings,
Silk Striped Tennis Flannels,
Scotch Chambrays and Ginghams,
Mercerized Madras Ginghams,
Oxford Mercerized Shirtings,
White Organdies and Piques.
tr tLf 1 /-v 1— / •
20,000 pieces NEW FRENCH VALENCIENNES
LACE, all widths, edgings end Insertlngs to
20g to S2.50 per Piece.
TO OUR PATRONS RESIDING OUTSIDE OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO} Please write for samples of aDoYe goods
now, while the assortment Is completei
• III. 113. 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
BOW EN
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
E g g s
Fresh laid— 1 doz 35c
K o n a coffee
The real Kona flavor— rich— nrir
fragrant— reg'ly 25c Ib " oc
Pirn- O. las
'-.S?TytS bOttI "~ 3 for 50c
Mackerel
Special-^ Ib each f
good fish — 3x - ilor *5C
F a r d da t e s
. The best variety— a wholesom> _ _„
fruit— reg'ly 12KC Ib - IOC <k
A p rico t j
Evaporated fancy fruit— _ ji
reg'ly 20c Ib . ' J 5 C
A Ik e t h r e p ta
The best properties of chocolate n _ r
condensed— reg'ly 25c can 2OC
Salmon
Selected fish— . . T
reg'ly 1 2^c can • Ioc
W Lea t biscuit
Shredded whole wheat 1 cartons 25c
German lentils
Fresh stock — large ones— »i. iu_ n __
reg'ly ioc Ib' 0 2 1DS 2 5 C
M 11 s t a r d .
Horse-radish-Appetizing—, i. _,._ . _.
reg'ly 15c bottle 2 bots 25 C
, , S a r d ell e s
For fish sandwich— Sardellen r
butter— reg'ly 40C75C can Jo^" 0^ 5 -
P res e r ; v e d figs
Bishop — enough for two — m -\.
regMy i2#c can IOC
B re a kf as t m u s hv
University wheat-steam cooked 3-pgs
" OatS clean-sweet 2 " 2 5 C
String bean s
Young— tender cut Tnr t \'*. . _
bean-reg'lyiJKccan 100^ 02^ 1 1 5
Lemons
Good ones— ¦ 1 doz 3 cc
W'h i s k y
McBraver— Cedar Brook— <* T T r
reg'ly $ 1 w bottle— $6 gallon * x z 5
it's old— it's pure— it's good 4 50
Rye w h i s k.y
Guckenheimer— 10 years old— ,* r _ _ \
reg'ly $1 45 full quart * l I 5
Go c k t a i 1 s
6 kinds— best Ingredients— _
ready to use— reg'ly %i 25 * 9 OC
SOLDBZXO^BOWXIT Jk C0'5 SPZC1.KU 9AVIX8 SIM
Vermouth rjt
French or Italian — Blishtty bitter _ cc
white wine— reg'ly 6oc bottle o^ u '
French claret
Piper's Vln de la Citadelie— <r r O
bottled in Bordeaux-regMy 9 °
$6 50 doz qts-$7 50-2 doz pints & 5°
Porter ale
White label— Guinness porter— <*_
Bass ale — reg'ly $2 — $2 25 dozen
Hair brush
: Loonen— solid back — n » r
reg'iy9oc 13"
Sad irons
Nickel plated— set of three— *.
Mrs Potts-double pointed-reg'ly$i 25^ l
B r i 1 1 a n ti n e
Vee-o-!ay— France — _ n
reg'ly 25c bottle zoc
H a m a m e 1 i s
% pint i;c- pint 25c quart 40^-
Carmel so a p
Made from olive oil — absolutely
harmless-reg'ly foe box of 6 cakes 5 OC
432 Pino 232 Sutter 2800 California
San Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay Strasts, Oakland
To=DayandTo'Morrow
LAST DAYS
OF
nrnoiAfti 11 |||"lr
1 LriOIMli || I I I ra _u
AUCTION
-AT 12. F\ A\. "^
Evening Sale To-Morrow (Tuesday)
At 8 p. m.
It* will be positively. last gale, when th* ha-
«nce of the new conslKnment will ba cloJed
out. and whatever left unsold win be shipped
At these salfs the choice' real ..•!„„.
IraJ)«. Lines. Kirmans. TabrljM Ml | s ,
Rubs will be offered and goid recardles* of
332 POST ST/JSbr qL ,, e
R Expert opticians to serve E
M Factory on premises, gl
w& One of the few places where M
H proper attention is given to 0
» the fitting of glasses. M
V 6 4^1^k&t>t!!^^
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
TJ. CORCORAN SCO.
CASH PRICES
TO-DAYJUESDAY and WEONESDAY
GRANULATED SUGAR 24 lbs $109
Pure cane. Full weight.
BUTTER, Extra Fancy, per square 50c
Finest creamery; Monday only. S gq. limit.
TAMALES, Boneless Chicken, per can IOc
Quality hirl>e«t jmuJe. rtegr. 12%c
COFFEE, Java and Mocha, per Ib 25c
Itoasted dally. The best that money can
buy. y..:\
SOAP (for the laundry) II cakes 25c
A snap. Reg. 8 tor 25c.
EGGS. Extra Fancy, large size, doz 20c
PWe receive direct from Highland Poultry
Kartn.
PEACHES, Sliced Lemon Cling, can 10c
Put up in heavy syrup. California extras.
TOHAIOES, Solid Pack, psrcanlOc
S-lb tin*. Extra «elect. n*jr 12>$c
SODA CRACKERS, Extras, per box 60c
JELLO, a Delicious Dessert, 3 pkgs 25c
Kaspb., Fth. nnd I^-nion. Tim. JOc.
SHRIMPS, Barataria, 3 cans 25c
Krmh from the Qulf. llrg. 12« jC t| n ,
COAL OIL, 5 gallons 80c
Water White. Glv™ l.rlRht l| R iu.
1201 VALEwTiA STREET.
Phone M^lon * T^^
CEO. MAYERLE, -^^SSSfec
O«rmtn Expert Optician, ha*
iimI inovi'i, lujt remain* at Ci'cJtI^
I«71 Market »trect. .**«25£^ r^