VOLUME XCI— NO. 167.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCIjSGO, JFRIDAY, : ;;MAY:^6,';i902.-;; #
SCENE, , AT THE .. bESTROYED
COMMERCIAL- METROPOLIS- ;
OF MARTINIQUE.': " : ' V.. -
Great Force
of Awful
Wave.
. Even before Mont, Pelee began 'to rumble late in April livestock be
came uneasy and at times were almost uncontrollable. Cattle lowed in
the night, dogs howled and sought; the company of their masters, and
when driven forth gave every, evidence. of fear.
.Wild animals, disappeared from, the vicinity of Mont Pelee.
Even r the snakes. "which at ordinary times are found in great num
bers ; near the volcano. - crawled g away:
:Birds : ceased singing and left the trees .that shaded the sides of Pelee.
A "great 'fear; seemed to be-upon the island, and though it was shared
by the human inhabitants, they.alone neglected to protect themselves.
¦ V - ¦ ¦ - ¦•¦"-•¦ ¦¦-¦.': ..¦ - ¦ ' ¦ •
ST. KITTS, B.W. I.. May 15.— By _ those who have arrived here
'." from Martinique' it; is said that the dumb animals were wiser than
man. Mont Pelee long gave warning of the storm of fire which it
was storing up to hurl upon the island. Residents of St. Pierre saw and
heard the warnings and they refused to heed them. They remained, and
the'danger which had long confronted them. brought death to 30,000.
DUMB ANIMALS
ESCAPE VOLCANO
'A representative of the Associated Press
has just returned from the Ministry of the
Colonies.^ Besides the reporters, those who
were, in" the waiting-room around the
,The various funds being raised for the
relief of the Martinique sufferers now only
total 303,000 francs, Including the large
subscriptions of .the foreign potentates
and the 20,000 francs • from the municipal
ity.' The "provinces seem more interested
in^ the disaster than "- the capital. They
are actively organizing, committees to
raise funds,' and : there is much mourning
at- the seaports whose ships were de
stroyed.- .
, . ians ' in regard to the Martinique
disaster. Beyond the half-masted flags
over the Government offices there are no
signs : of public mourning. The people
flock . to their usual resorts, attend the
races, fill the theaters, none of which has
been" closed. No "extras" are issued and
there is no . demand f or t them. But the
evening papers containing bulletins of the
automobile races are eagerly purchased.
PARIS, May 15.— The American vis
itors here cannot understand • the
seeming indifference of the Parls-
PARISIANS SHOW
LITTLE INTEREST
IN THE DISASTER
disturbed population of- St Pierre wit:
assurances that there was no danger. '
Continued on Page Five.
'. m '¦;¦ EW YORK.jMay 15.— A' Journal spe
"/ \/, clal : f rorri
; . "Indies, ;;; say's :_ ; : The ; Danish 'warship'
Valky ren 5 has j returned : f rom j Martinique,
where! she has ¦been - assisting . in Tesculng
.refugees V from ii the ; df .' St.
Pierrer v Her '.officers ; tell v'of .7 heartrending
sights \ in the \ ruined ¦ clty.Ji They \ bring a
copy," ofj 1 a: newspaper I or 1 prociamatloh
dated ' May.' 7, '- : which >. ; notice \ is - given'
that the of scientists appbint-f
¦led. by. the': Government ; l hav'el'''examined
Mont -Pelee and -determined that there'is
SCIENTISTS'
VIEWS SADLY
INACURRATE
moved with a rapidity that made
it impossible for anything to es
cape it. From the cloud came
explosions that sounded as
though all of the navies of the
world were in Titanic combat.
"Lightning played in and out
in broad forks, the result being
intense darkness was followed by
light that seemed to be of mag
nifying power.
ESCAPES TO SEASHORE.
"That St. Pierre 'was doomed
I knew,' but was prevented from
seeing the destruction by a spur
of the hill that shut off the view
of the dty^jC-^
"It is impossible for me to tell
how long I stood there inert.
Probably it was only a few sec
onds, but so . vivid were my . im
pressions that it now seems 1 as
though I stood a spectator for
"As we drew out to sea- in the
small steamship Mont Pelee was
in the throes.of a terrible. convul
sion. ; ?New craters seemed -to- be
openings all y about the- . summit
and laya > was . flowing : 'in .''¦ broad
NEW OPEN.
many minutes. When I recover
ed possession • of my senses I ran
to my;house;, and collected the
members; of ,, tKe family,' all of
whom were panic-stricken. I hur
ried them to the seashore/where
we boarded asmall steamship, in
which we : made the trip in safety
to Fort de France. I knew that
there was no flame in the first
wave , that was sent down upon
St. Pierre.^It was a heavy -gas
like firedamp and it must have
asphyxiated the inhabitants .be
fore-! they were touched by the
fire which quickly followed.
[: "Many." women who have lived
in .St: Pierre have escaped only to
know that' they;:are feftX; widows
and childless. :This^ is because
more ?• men .sent- awav
their wives while they remained
in St. Pierre : to^ attend to their
business affairs^" - ' '-' '
streamy. inVeyery,, direction. My
estate ' was ruined while" \ve ;were
still-in sight -of it. ;¦-';.;
V*:Haller, the French. Consul at St. Thom
as, .returned from. Martinique, on the Val
kyren. He denies'the story that the Gov
ernment prevented, the" people of . St.
: Pierre 'from , leaving . the city. ' He 'says
a;guard was* established : about St. Pierre
riot', to '¦ keep"' the people - in ' it, ; but to keep
put ;the.;great jQowda ; ; from J Fort"
France, owho, V attracted; by/ the spectacle
'by , the eruption of . Pelee," flock
ed; to k St.- Pierre. ;. He ', admits, however,
that the ; Government tried to calm ; the
tv Every . member, of the commission per
ished. c the morhirig'after this report l.was
promulgated and with them Governor
Moutette and \ wife, who had \ come to St.
Pierre to show by their presence that, the
Government' believed in; the optimistic de
ductions of. the -scientists. - ¦¦¦'
• ; JThe ,. commission referred to was ap
pointed'• by the Government to reassure
the. people of St. Pierre. They came to
'the doomed .city and studied the phenom
ena of ,the\volcano and; their , report was
that Pelee showed no . indication of;ab
normal violence;. but: that ¦ the indications
'were V identical ''¦ with the recognized ¦ phe
nomena, of volcanoes ' generally. | They
*f urther reported 1 that the position of the
craters and' neighboring valleys project
ing toward the sea allowed them to affirm
that .the security of; St.: Pierre was not
threatened/ v ', ¦ ; '1 .y^;^' 1
no danger of further serious eruption. The
notice'; was signed by . Governor Moutette.
The , paper' was' found ''¦ in a', house wherein
there were seven dead' people, who were
apparently 'suffocated ' by gas, ! aa they
were, not burned. .
Looting is being sternly suppressed. '* Soldiers; now form 'a cordon
about St. Pierre, and only those whohave'business there are allowed
within the lines. . '¦ •
Physicians who have made examinations say that, in most cases
death was due to asphyxiation and that the fire carn'e later. It is now
believed that Mont Pelee threw off a great gasp of some exceedingly
heavy and noxious gas, something akin to firedamp, which settled upon
the city of St. Pierre and rendered the inhabitants insensible. -This '.was
followed by the sheet of flames that swept down the'side of the mountain.
This theory is accepted by the survivors who were taken from the ships
in the harbor, as they say. that their first experience was one of faint
ness. ¦' ..-.••-'.¦'-'¦ ¦ -'¦ ' ' ¦'.¦¦.;.. • ¦..'... ¦•
KITTS, B. W. L, May 15 —From an officer of the steamer So-
A^ lent, just arrived from St. Pierre,"it is learned that Mont Pelee is
still in eruption. Lava flows in broad streams down the sides of
the volcano. The entire island of Martinique continues in a. state .of
panic. In St. Pierre the desolation is appalling. Bodies are being burned
in a great pyre, upon which kerosene is steadily sprayed. In spite of this
it will be weeks before the place can be cleared of the debris.
PEOPLE PERISH
FROM GAS WAVE
"Transfixed, I stood, not
knowing in what direction, to
flee. I looked toward Mont Pe
lee, and above its apex formed a
great black cloud, which reached
high in the air. It literally fell
upon the city of St. Pierre. It
SEES DEADLY CLOUD.
canic dust. The air was dead
about me, so dead that the float
ing dust seemingly was not dis
turbed.
"Then there was a rending,
crashing, grinding noise, which I
can only describe as sounding as
though every bit of machinery in
the world had suddenly broken
down. It was deafening, and the
flash of light that accompanied it
was blinding, more so than any
lightning I have ever seen. It
was like a terrific hurricane, and,
where a fraction of a second be
fore there had been a perfect
calm, I felt myself drawn into a
vortex, and I had to brace my^
self firmly. It was like a great
express train rushing by, and I
was drawn by its force. The mys
terious force leveled a row 1 of
strong trees, tearing them up by
the roots and leaving bare a:
space of ground fifteen yards wide
and more than one hundred
yards long.
"As I stood still Mont Pelee
seemed to shudder, and a moan
ing sound issued from its crater.
It was quite dark, the sun being
obscured bv ashes and fine vol-
"Mont Pelee had given warn
ing^^bcnestructlcm^tHat wa» to
come, but we, who had looked
upon the volcano as harmless,
did not believe that it would do
more than spout fire and steam
as it had done on other occasions.
It was a little before 8 o'clock on
the morning of May 8 that the
end came. I was in one of the
fields of my estate when the
ground trembled under my feet,
not as it does when the earth
quakes, but as though a terrible
struggle was going on within the
mountain. A terror came upon
me, but I could not explain my
HEAHS AWFUL NOISE.
y^ORT OF SPAIN,
ff J* Trinidad, May 15.—
JH M. Albert, the owner
and manager of the
Lagarrane estate, which lies
about a mile northeast of the
crater of Mont Pelee, has just ar
rived here ivith his family on the
steamer Cailada from Martinique.
He tells a story of a marvelous
escape from the death that swept
St. Pierre out of existence. He
savs:
GIVES DUE WARNING.
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company
»tom the Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York Her-
Gasp of Gas
Overcomes
People.
Witnesses the
Volcano's
Fury.
Planter Has
Marvelous
Escape.
SAYS GREAT WAVE OF DEADLY GAS
PRECEDED PELEE'S RAIN OF FIRE
Suffering on
Island Still
Intense.
Martinique in
Great Need
of Food.
Ghouls' Raids
Increase
Horror.
From the Special Correspondent of
The Call and the New York H-si
ald. Copyright, 1902, by the New
York Herald Publishing Company.
f-^+T' KITTS, B. W. L,
May 15. — Great suffer-
J^ J ing continues in Mar
tinique. Food is being
received, but not in sufficient
quantities to feed the crowds of
refugees that have flocked to
Fort de France. The steamship
Madiaha, with food supplies pur
chased by the New York Cham
ber of Commerce, left here last
night for Fort de France.
GHOTJLS AT WORK.
FORT DE- FRANCE, Mar
tinique, May 15. — St. Pierre is
infested \ with * pillagers, who are
forcing safes. The authorities
are, taking severe measures. Fifty
of the ghouls have already been
arrested and imprisoned in Fort
de France, where the population
wanted to lynch them.
There were 663 bodies interred
to-day, making a total of 1200
buried thus far. ThcTwork of in
terment is presenting great diffi
culties. V
The inhabitants of the north
ern part of tne island are now dis
tributed in the various districts of
the south.
Some Italian sailors were
saved who were thought to have
perished at the time of the erup-
The volcano continues to belch
forth smoke.
TROOPS ON GUARD.
Troops have been detailed to
guard the ruins in St. Pierre,
with orders to fire upon pillagers.
ST. THOMAS, D. W. I., May
15. — For some days past the at
mosphere at St. Thomas has been
heavy and misty. To-day these
conditions were greatly in
creased, and the hills of the isl
and have a whitish appearance.
It is supposed that volcanic dust
is falling upon them. Some ap
prehension has been felt here
since a slight earthquake was ex
perienced Tuesday, May 13.
It is supposed that the fires
which were recently seen in the
direction of Fort de France re
sulted from the burning of bodies
on Martinique.'
PIRATES PLAN
TO MAKE RAID
ON ST. PIERRE
. w ONDON, May 13.— The correspondent
' i of - the London Times at Paris, M.
¦^""7 de Blowltz, supplies his paper this
morning with an account of the St.
Pierre ' disaster, telegraphed to him by a
frtend from Fort de France, Martinique,
under date of yesterday, by way of the
island of Malta. The account, which does
not differ very, materially from that al
ready told, is as follows:
"It is a melancholy and almost humili
ating thing that the site of St. Pierre has
to be guarded by the military, for nu
merous pirates from the neighboring Isl
ands were preparing to come and lay
bands on anything "of value."
The San Francisco Call.Growth. of an Extraordinary Variety of Fruits Shows Results Most Satisfac
tory, and the Late Rains Have Not Seriously Affected
¦ W.- the Season's Enormous Product.
TREES IN ALL ORCHARDS ARE HEAVILY LADEN
AND THE FARMING LANDS IN CENTRAL SECTIONS
GIVE GOODLY PROMISE OF A RICH HARVEST
THE fertile fields and bountiful orchards of the central part of the State will not suiter the loss
of a vestige of their reputation for fecundity this year. Reports gathered from all the farming
and fruii-grozving localities indicate that the promise of a rich harvest is greater, if anything, than
it has been in previous seasons. Here, as in other portions of California, the demand for an unusual
amount of labor is certain to be made. Already there have been futile requests for assistance in
some sections where the fruit requires the earliest possible attention.
G'ALISTOGA, May 15.— Pasturage is of
the best this year. Hay. and grain
are as good or better than last year.
Prunes this year are two-thirds of a crop.
Last year there was but one-fourth of a
ci op. .Peaches area full crop and last
year were one-fourth of. a crop. Apricots
are • medium • this year and were 50 last
year. Cherries are much better than last
year, but apples are not so good.
REDDING. May 15.— As the season ad
vances the fruit and cereal growers of
Shasta County predict with an in
creasing degree of certainty . the' heaviest
crops generally which have been reaped
In many years. The weather during • re
cent months has been most propitious:
The grain "crops of the 'county and its
fruit are dependent upon a heavy rainfall
SHASTA IS ASSURED
OF RAREST OF PEARS
f\ HICO, May 15.— There is every lndica
ly tion that this year there will be gath
v^ ered the largest crop of fruits and
cereals that theNlclnlty of. Chlcohas
yielded In se%'eral years past There are
hereabouts about 1000 acres of MuJr
BUTTE COUNTY NEEDS
HORDE OF LABORERS
CALISTOGA FARMERS
HAVE FINE FRUITS
YACA VALLEY BREAKS
ALL FORMER RECORDS
YACAVILLE,- May.15/— The old common
~l£nv;adase, ".When the - memory of
man ; runneth : not ...to .the contrary"'
fittingly.-, expresses 'the' fruit , situation '
in", VacaVValley as to ithe; abundant "of
the. crop." In year.4 past. there; may, have
ViSALIA, MAY 15.-This year'wlll break
all crop records in Tulare County. , A
? number, of new orchards coming Into
bearing. The peach crop will be enor
mous. Trees are laden with fruit.; At
present thiriners are at work with Instruc
tionsito remove 75 per; cent of. fruit from
the trees. Apricots will . be • a full crop
though the acreage is .small. Apple
orchards In the foothills are reported to
be in a flourishing -condition. The prune
, crop is something- wonderful to contem-
£ lat V V?t tre i s , were never before bur
dened with such fruitage. There is streat
difficulty in getting men to 'thin the trees
, in time to promote the development of the
! crop. The pear crop is practically a fail
i v re l\?°J : i er ent: of i hel treea are affected
I by blight. Prunus Simoni trees will yield
The deciduous I fruit . crop will- be un
usually large this season, although it'is
reported . that- apricots' and , peaches are '
dropping in places. Orange ¦„ and - lemon
trees are ; loaded with fruit, and as there is-"
a large. increase, in the acreage which will ?1
come Jnto bearing'thls year.thc prosp"eciaf
are for a large increase over. last, year's
shipments. . • .
PORTERVILLE, May 15.— Unless this
section of the San Joaquin Valley .'is
. favored with cool weather for three
or four weeks more' there will"; be" a- very
light grain crop. Owing to the lateness of
the season, but a .very small acreage was
sown. Most of t,he early sown, grain -la
now being cut for hay.; .
HEAT MAY PREVENT
A HEAVY GRAIN YIELD
ALL CROP RECORDS IN
TULARE ARE DOOMED
WILLOWS. May lS.-The grain and
fruit prospects for this season are
better than they have been for a
number of years. The farmers and
orchardists from all over Glenn County
report the yield will far exceed the large
crops of 190L Very little hay was blown
down during the last rain and late sown
fn-ain along the Sacramento River was
greatly benefited.
The barley crop will be exceptionally
large. The large orchard of the Fruto
Land and Improvement Company in An
derson Valley in the foothill country win
yield the largest crop in the history of
fruit crops in Glenn County. The apricot
and almond crops will be greatly in the
lead. Prunes will fall a little short. The
prland fruit belt will also yield a 4 record
breaking crop.
GLENN COUNTY CROP
OF SURPASSING SIZE
M ANFORD, May 15.— The crop pros
|J pects in Kings County this year are
excellent along all lines. There has
been no" frost to speak of and every or
chardist in the county has-been compelled
to -.thin his fruit on; account of the large
quantity on: the trees.' "Last: year the
apricot crop was.a total failure, but ! this
year, it will be immense— in fact., the heav
iest in years. There -will be a large yield
of { peaches/ and the . same may > be said
of prunes. .Last year the prune crop was
short on account of the fruit falling from
the trees, but ¦. this year uie fall is t not
nearly- so great. Bartlett pears will be
very short, on account of the pear blight.
The I frost last ! year | in April and May did
considerable xJamage to - grapes, j but this
season the crop of raisins w..i be the big
gest in years. - s More wine grapes .will be
harvested; than" ever before in the history
of ;the. county. The wheat • crop on' the
lake; bed will, be small* because of lack
of water. ; The only ¦ thing that is worry
ing. the orchardist is the fear that' there
will'. not enough help procurable- to
haryest/.the>'croi).. :- . •',-'.- - ; • ¦.¦>'¦? ..
FIND IT NECESSARY
TO THIN OUT FRUIT
Fruits of all kinds give promise of a
large yield. Fruit is not grown very ex
tensively here, and a good portion of the
crop Is used locally. The beet crop will
be very large on account of plenty of ir
rigation. It will be about twice that of
last year.
The potatoes that have already been
planted are doing nicely, but most of the
?l op V'iS 01 /? 1 P lante<J - About four times
the yield of last year is expected; on ac
count of the larger acreage and more
favorable conditions.
SOLEDAD, May 15.— The crop prospects
In the vicinity of Soledad are not very
, ; favorable compared with last season.
About one-half crop of barley, is expected
which will be about 4000 tons. Wheat will
be an average, or about 2000 tons. The
wheat crop has held out against the dry
spell better than the barley, as most of
the -wheat ..was . aown in the. uplands and
the foothills and the barley in adobe land,
which drya out sooner. With one-half
inch, of -rain in the next week or ten days
crops would improve to about two-thirds
of an average yield.
Continued cool weather has prevented a
very rapid growth of hops, but thevout
look !s good for a full crop. The -hop
yards have been cultivated, poled and
twined and the vines are now being
trained. There is increased activity In
the development of Mendocino's lumber
Interests. New mills are being • put in.
ooth on the coast and in the woods near
Willlts. Lumber is now coming » down
over the Willits extension of theiCali
fcrnia Northwestern Railway. Arrange
ments are being made for a big season
run in the tan bark industry.
UKIAH, May 15.— As a while/conditions
ln Mendocino County are much more
favorable than they were at this time
last year. While the loss of lambs on the
ranges was greater than last year, owing
to continued rains in lambing time, the
same rains insured better pasturage. Fre
quent spring rains have kept the. feed
green and growing fruit of , all -.kinds
promises well, while at an even, date last
year practically all fruit except apples
had been killed by frost. Grain and hav
crops arc good and there will be an aver
age yield. In some of the northern val
leys; planting was somewhat retarded by
rain. ,
II OLLISTER, May 15.— The scarcity of.
|™J | rains in the. first part of the season'
had a disastrous effect on the early
sown grain, but the spring rains have
been of great benefit to the late : graln,'.
and the prospect at ; the present time in
very favorable for an average yield in the
valleys, while in the! higher altitudes and
in the southern, end.' of the county, not
more than 'a half-crop will be harvested.;
Green feed is abundant and. stock of all
kinds is. in splendid condition. : Hay cut
ting has commenced, and though the yield
will fall considerably short, of 'last year,
it will be of excellent quality.' : •-
In the San Juan Valley preparations are
being made for a large, beet crop, ; thq
acreage for . that purpose .exceeding ,any
previous year. The fruit crop is in excel
lent condition and from present indica'-'
tlons will exceed that of last year. The.
season has been very favorable for all
kinds of deciduous fruits. •
SOLEDAD IS PRODUCING
MORE BEETS THIS YEAR
MENDOCINO PROSPECT
GIVES SATISFACTION
BEET CROP ASSURED
IN SAN JUAN VALLEY
MILPITAS, May 15.-Tho apricot and
peach crops will be large, 35 per
• . cent greater, than last year. Cher
ries will be an average crop and prunes
will be about half a crop. Hay will
yield 25 per cent more than last year
and grain, particularly barley, about 33
per cent less.
Much hay has been cut, especially In
the eastern portion of the county The
rain will damage it to a considerable ex
tent. That which has not been cut will
be benefited. Prunes have been seriously
il J j VI ed .» y^ pre^ lous ralna - • The- estimated
yield will be about one-quarter of a crop
Other fruits are safe from Injury by thi-i
precipitation. Cherries have only besrun
to ripen^and no damage has been done to
them. ..The crops. of- fruits.' with the *>x
ceptfon of prunes, will be very laree The
season thus far has been backward' and
what is most generally desired by *he
horticulturists and agriculturists of So
2«™SnSl 1 n 1 e ty - a Present tIme ia » le »Sr
SANTA ROSA, May 15.— This section
has been given more than its share of
rain recently and considerable dam
age has been done to fruits and berries.
A gentle rain began falling on Monday
afternoon and continued throughout the
r.ight. "The record of the storm was .92
of an inch, cringing the total for the sea
son up to 36 laches. The worst damage
by the rain was done to strawberries. The
ilrst of the Sonoma County crop was very
soft and unpalatable on account of pre
vious rains, and the sunshine and dry
weather, necessary to' make them firm
have not been vouchsafed. These late
rains will materially affect the crop now
maturing.
r\ OLUS A, May 15.— Indications now are
I. for good crops, in Colusa County. Ce
reals and fruits are doing fine and
the yield will be large. , The showers: of
the last few days have done considerable
damage to mown hay but have been of
great benefit to late sown grain.
BERRIES DAMAGED IN
SANTA ROSA'S VICINITY
MILPITAS RELIES UPON
APRICOTS AND PEACHES
CEREALS AND FRUITS
DO WELL IN COLUSA
NEVADA CITY, May 15.— Unless there
be unusually heavy frosts within the
next few weeks, Nevada County's
yield of fruits and cereals this season will
be far in excess of that of last year. The
present storm, during which nearly an
inch of rain has fallen already, was glad
ly welcomend by the farmers. It came in
the nick of time and insures good crops.
The outlook for ell kinds of fruit is also
encouraging, notwithstanding that in
some sections more or less damage was
done by early frosts. In and 'about Ne
vada City cherry trees suffered to a con
siderable extent, but orchards ln the lower
p £ r V > /- the w ere not affected by
the biting cold. This season's prune crop
promises to ba larger than for years past
and returns from Bartlett pears will also
* Jt^V *i han usual - Last year's crops
of both fruit and grain. were not up to the
average yield and people generally are
now jubilant over improved conditions.
FARMERS ARE GLAD
IN NEVADA COUNTY
Q AKERSFIELD.Vay 15.-A precipita-
Jj tion of ..¦:37 of an inch of rain last
night brings the total for this season
to 5.33 ..inches, as against 4.94 inches
at this date last season. The prospect
for cereal crops is much better than last
year, and the rain of last night gives as
surance that all but the late-sown grain
will give an average yield. With the ex
ception of prunes the fruit -crop will be
excellent. There wero no severe frosts,
but the trees are not sufficiently laden
to require thinning. The prune yield will
be less than last year. The- late rains
have: greatly strengthened the feed on
the range, on. which stockmen depend,
and cattle- are already improving. There
is promise of abundant water for. irriga
tion, until late In the, year, as the snows
on the higher mountains wnere Kern
River" starts were heavy during this win
ter. ; : . . : - ¦-¦ ¦ --.*
PRUNES THE ONE POOR
CROP IN KERN COUNTY
WESTLEY, May 15.— The wheat crop
is below. the average ln this locality.
Summer fallow will yiejd about ten
sacks to the acre on the low land and
about seven sacks on the high land. Bar
ley is looking well and some fields will
yield twenty sacks to the acre, while oth
ers will run from ten to fifteen sacks,
making an average crop. Winter sowed
grain is a failure and will hardly make
hay. No fruit or vegetables Is raised In
this vicinity. Feed on the hills is drying
up and sheep are being, moved to lower
land. - Some farmers have plowed Up their
winter sowed grain and are cultivating
the soil for next season.
WHEAT DOES POORLY
ON WESTLEY FIELDS
GRASS VALLEY.May 15.— Farmers and
fruit growers in this section report a
more prosperous outlook than for
many years. The season is much further
advanced than usual and nearly all of
the trees have bloomed excepting apples
and those are now In bloom. . This is in
marked contrast to last year when killing
frosts nearly ruined the entire fruit crop.
The proximity of snow in the mountains
makes orchardists fearful of a frost, thi3
being a peculiarity of this district Indi
cations point to a heavy crop of cherries
and peaches, while last year the produc
tion was extremely limited. The hay and
grain crop is assured of a heavy yield and
farmers are jubilant over the prospect of
a prosperous summer. Many acres have
been cultivated within the past year and
although this is a mining district It will
soon be widely known for the extent of
the agricultural products.
The Bartlett pear crop promises to be
unusually large and it is expected that
thousands of boxes will be shipped this
summer. The fruit companies are al
ready making contracts for this fruit, as
the Grass Valley district is known as
the Bartlett pear. belt of California. Ne
vada County is elated over the outlook
for this season.. -¦¦;. • »¦:•
GROWERS ARE PLEASED
UP GRASS VALLEY WAY
GALT. May 13.— Prospects for all kinds
of cereals were never better or more
encouraging here at this season of
the year. The late rains helped winter^
sown wheat and came In the nick of time t
to Insure good, crops. The output of grata
In the Gait district last year was 300,000
sacks. This season's yield will be more,
than 500,000 sacks. The principal increase*
will be, confined to oats and the acreage
devoted to this cereal Is larger than ev»r
before in the history of this district The
fruit crop will be orfe-thlrd larger than
last year's and the quality of the differ
ent varieties promises to be superior in
every way. Vineyards are looking thrifty
and the outlook for Immense grape crops
is encouraging The yield promises to be
Countv Th^ li 3t y K eai " ln
County. The strawberry crop is two
weeks late and was slightly damae-iri k°
the rain It will be ]ar# e r.Vwe™r??ha"£
that of last season. The acreage . devoted
to hay is small compared with other se^
quality" 4 What th " e * Ot " * of r go e o4
AUBURN, May 15.— The crop outlook in
PlaceV County was never better and
the prospects are for the largest yield
in Its history. Last year only a third of
a crop was realized although good prices
prevailed. Cherries and berries are now
coming to market in large quantities and
the yield will be heavy. The former fruit
is generally light in this section. All va
rieties of peach trees are laden with thq
green fruit, now the size of marbles, and
much thinning will be necessary. The
fruit crop will be fully two weeks behind
that of last year.' ¦ / ¦ .¦¦¦¦'
Grain of all kinds looks promising and
a good hay crop is being cut. The grain
acreage is far in. excess of that'of last
year and the. number of young trees that
come into bearing this season will ma
terially swell the fruit shipments from
this county. '¦ . ¦ .• ¦ ••'¦¦,¦
PLACER'S SHIPMENTS
WILL BE ENORMOUS
GALT DISTRICT GRAIN
SHOWS BIG INCREASE
The outlook for a large crop of all kinds
of fruit was never better. At the Para
dise Gardens, owned by Mrs. N. E. Deyoe
of this city, great preparations are being
made-to handle the unusually large yield
of apricots, Bartlett pears and peaches.
MODESTO, May 15.-The prospects for
a heavy yield of grain in Stanislaus
'County are excellent. The rainfall of
yesterday amounted to .75 of an Inch in
sonie: parts, while the whole county re
ceived a thorough soaking. In an inter
view Garrison Turner, president of the
Grange Company* of Modesto, said;
. "Yesterday s rainfall will do great good
to the wheat fields of the county. - The
yield throughout will be increased 10 per
cent. The rain has made the prospect ex
cellent for a good average crop in the
whole county. The late grain has re
ceived the most good. The early grain
has . not been harmed, but,' on- the con
trary, the rain has helped it greatly.
Taken all in all, the generous precipita
tion that, has just visited us was a splen
did affair and will be worth thousands of
dollars to the grain growers of Stanislaus
County."
MARYSVILLE. May 16.— The rainfall
of Tuesday, amounting to .54 of an
Inch, was very beneficial to growing
fruit and grain. The precipitation for the
season is 20.43 inches, against 23.78 inches
for the same date last season. All Indi
cations at this time point to the largest
yield of grain that this section of North
ern California has produced for many
years. Wheat is looking splendid and
barley Is fast heading out and taking on
the golden color. Haying has commenced
in some districts and yield and quality
are reported as first class. Orchardists
are very busy thinning peaches and pears
and the crop will far exceed the one of
1901. while the fruit will b# of larger size.
The absence of late frost Insures the
largest almond crop yet produced in this
section. Strawberries and cherries are
coming in freely now and large shipments
are made daily. Managers of the Marys
ville and T.uba City canneries are work
ing large crews of men, making ready for
the opening run, which will be on apri
cots. This fruit is reported much larger
and in excess of last year's crop. Grow
ers of Thompson seedless grapes will have
full crop this season. In fact, every kind
of fruit and cereal produced In this sec
tion shows a bountiful yield and excellent
quality. Farmers, orchardists and trades
men in the vicinity of MarysviHe are busy
and prosperous, while the weather condi
tions are ideal.
The apricot and plum yield is very
heavy, also Muir peaches. A large
amount of white help will be needed in
July and August to handle the dried fruit.
Cutting will begin about the middle of
June. . -,.r ¦•'-¦ .-• / - ' -
WINTERS, May 15.-The crop outlook
for the Winters district is. very good.
All kinds of grain are more than an
average. Hay is heavy • and cutting has
Just commenced, though the acreage is
less than in former years. The fruit trees
are in splendid cultivation and exceeding
ly heavy laden except Alexander peaches,
and Bartlett pears. The latter .will not
make a one-third crop. For some un
known cause the pears nearly all fell
when first formed.
crops ' of all ' fruits.' The weather Is
favorable for the ripening ' of deciduous
fruits and berries. Shipments will be one
fifth, larger than those of last : season!
There' will be a large crop of : cherries,
peaches and berries, a medium .yield of
pears and a light crop of plums. Ship
ments of cherries and strawberries are in
creasing daily. Most of them go to the
i j3 & t. " - ;¦.*-¦
NEWCASTLE, May 15.-The general'm*
¦ dications point to .exceedingly large
WHEAT FLOURISHING
ON THE YUBA FARMS
Q-^-LhELENA,-- May 15.— Th». prospects
are that there will be an aveiaje
crop, of fruits In this vicinity. The
continued cloudy and rainy, weather
has prevented the frosts which can
usually ' be expected at this time of
year, in conseauenco of which the
grape , crop bids fair to be tfie
best known in a long time. Of prunes,
which Is the next important "-product
here, there will be an average yield,
while last year the crop was very short.
In some orchards the trees are heavily
laden, while in others fruit has been
dropping considerably. There will be an
average crop of peaches and pear3, both
of which were short last year. Taken as
an average, almonds will be very short.
Although a few orchards show well. In
most places the fruit has been dropp'ng
off the trees.. On the whole, .indications
are favorable and the average yield will
be much larger than that of last year.
NEWCASTLE SHIPMENTS
WILL BE VERY LARGE
GROWERS WILL NEED
NUMEROUS LABORERS
ST. HELENA EXPECTS
AN AVERAGE RETURN
r^ ILRO Y, May 15.— The prospects for grain
\j and cereals were never better In Gll
roy Valley and the yield will greatly
exceed .that of last year. Rain has fallen
at opportune times. The fruit crop will
break all previous local records. Frost
ha» not damaged It and apricot and
peach trees are so heavily laden that thin-«
ntogr is- m progress m many orwhartisr.' It
was reported that prunes were dropping
In some districts, but the quality will be
much finer and will counterbalance a
shortage In quantity. Cherries, English,
walnuts and grapes will have a large
yield. Orchardists and farmers are hope
ful or experiencing the most prosperous
season in the history of the valley. Many
young orchards will bear their first fruit
The late rain has moistened the ground
and the beet planters expect a great crop.
GILROY VALLEY SEES
BRIGHT ERA DAWNING
STANISLAUS EXPECTS
HEAVY YIELD OF GRAIN
The first -carload of cherries has gone
forward. On # the reclaimed Islands wheat
and barley never looked better. Dairying
is causing a big increase in the acreage
of alfalfa. Every season sees the cultiva
ble area added - to by further reclama
tions, and with the increase in truck gar
dening the grain acreage manages to hold
to the average. On the west side » good
two-thirds crop is In sight.
¦The late . rains have been beneficial, as
the .nature of the land- requires, much
water. The rain may affect the quality
of ¦ the hay, but not the quantity. Some
late potatoes were nipped by the frost,
but the damge is not great. Heavy ship
ments, are already being made from the
lowlands.. ... ... . -
Taken all in all the general condition of
crops has not been better at any corre
sponding^'period for" years. The 'warm
weather; is r causing "the grain to" fairly,
jump- and it looks like an. early, harvest.
STOCKTON, May ,15.— Crops through
out San Joaquln County look better
than at this time last year. . The dis
tinctive feature of the farming-sec
tions is the diversity of products
raised. The northern end of the
county is having an actual boom In
fruit growing. Many orchards are reach
ing the bearing stage, and others are be
ing planted.
been larger crops of certain varieties, but
taken as a whole the yield was never so
tremendous. The weather conditions this
year have been perfect. While late rains
may have Injured a hundred boxes of
cherries, they added twice that quantity
in larger fruit. The crop is three weeks
later than last year's. In 1901, 837 cars
of green fruit were shipped East, and
something over 200 carloads of dried fruit.
A -conservative estimate for this year
gives 1200 carloads of green and nearly
400carloads of dried fruit.
Prominent growers say that, as com
pared with last year, the present out
look for, the various yields is as follows:
Apricots, four times as great; plums. 100
per cent more; grapes and peaches, 60
per cent more: French prunes, five times
as great; Bartlett pears, 25 per cent le3S.
The cherry crop will not be as large as
was expected. French prunes and plums
are so thick that aa high as $40 an acre
must be spent to thin them. Help to har
vest the crop Is the only thing needed
here.
an enormous output- Already orders ara
being received for this choice variety of
fruit. The shipping of arreen fruit will
begin about June 7. In this county Alex
ander peaches ripen first, then Clymaa
plums, followed by Tragedy prunes.
The general fruit crop is 50 per cent
heavier than last year. The grain crop i9
estimated at about 40 per cent of a full
yield. Hay Is a big crop, though some
what damaged by recent rains.
George Fleming, one of the best in
formed fruit men In this region. say3 ha
.^ s . traveled all over Tulare County and
that It would be impossible for conditions
to be more favorable.
and the showers of to-day brought the
total precipitation past fifty-one inches.
The Anderson and Happy Valley orchard
ists I have but one concern. It is • that in
their eagerness to waste nothing they may
not thin their prune, pear and peach. crops
sufficiently and have their trees broken
down by an overweight of fruit.
The prospects are for a most excellent
season of Bartlett pears. Those grown
in Shasta County are pronounced the
finest In the State. The canners find more
sugar in them. than in any other. Pears
will be so abundant that considerable
quantities may be dried.. Good prices are
expected. The prune growers, who. have
disposed of every pound of the old. crop,
e ?Pect to market 2500 tons, the. heaviest
yield . In a decade. Frost is no longer
feared. Peach trees thrive as- .well. The
wheat, barley and oat crops of Churn
Creek Bottom, Happy Valley, Burney Val
ley and Fan River Valley are rated as
away above the average by. the growers.
The meadow hay districts in the hills are
luxuriant. The ranges were never better.
This will be a record crop year in Shasta.
Grain of all kinds will turn out far bet
ter than an average crop. Barley will
prove ¦ especially heavy, and this year
there is a much larger acreage than for
several years past.
In view of the abundant crops to be
gathered, the farmers and fruit men have
organized to advertise for outside laborers
to come here to work during the fruit and
grain harvest. It is estimated that from
2000 to 3000 more laborers than those now
here will be needed. >
peaches, and the most conservative esti
mates are that this acreage will produce
6G00 1 tcns of fruit. The estimates are that
the many hundreds of acres of Crawford
peach trees will produce an average of
six and a half tons to tbe acre. Fifteen
thousand acres of prune trees in this vi
cinity will produce 3750 tons of dried fruit,
which is better than a half crop. Almond
trees are loaded with nuts and will yield
an enormous crop. Many entire crops
have already been sold at 10% cents. The
yield of Bartlett pears and cherries will
be abundant. Apricots will yield about a
half crop. Summarized, the total truit
output will be much better than last
year.
The James Feeley Canning Company is
preparing for the largest pack this year
in its* history. An accurate idea of the
magnitude of Tehama County's fruit in
terests may be gained from the statement
that the present prospects indicate that
fitjit men and orchardists will receive
$2,000,000 more for their fruit this year
than they did last year. A heavy crop
of grain of all kinds is selling at a high
figure and tire county is in a highly pros
perous condition.
Tehama County took the first premiujn
at the World's Fair at Chicago for its
magnificent apples and this year's crop
will be a splendid one. Tehama is the
second county In the State in the pro
duction of peaches and this year's crop
will excel that of several years past.
Last year there was hardly any fruit ex
cept peaches and not one-fourth of a
crop, while now peaches are being heavily
thinned. ~^ • -
RED BLUFF. May 15.— The fruit
prospects as a whole for all vari
eties were never better in the his
tory of Tehama County.- There
will be a heavy crop of peaches
and all kinds of plums, a fair crop
of pears and prunes and half a crop
of apricots. Almonds are a •' good crop,
as are grapes. V; "': ',''_: >>."-Y- ,-¦'.
' \fkf^^ "^ t0 W f° rc f ront °f_ C0Unt^ cs in which the crop of fruits and cereals will be uncom
ff if monly large and of exceptional quality this year are those in the .northern^ part of the
State. The success which has attended the work of farmers and orchardists verges almost on . the
phenomenal. FromColusa and Nevada to the remotest upper county the ncivs of the crop. prospect
is most gratifying. Early frost has in some places wrought damage, but not to the extent that the
general brilliant outlook is affected. Rains have been all that growers could have desired.
Yield Will Be Above the Average Because of the Timeliness of Showers,
and the Certainty of the High Quality of Apples, Pears
and Apricots Causes Delight.
GROWERS OF CEREALS IN NORTHERN COUNTIES
SHARE ABUNDANTLY IN THE GREAT SUCCESS
ATTENDING THE CROPS THROUGHOUT THE STATE
THE SA^ FR A^Clfe(i.<j;::CALL^ ¦.•.FIIIDAY,' : ;.MAY; : ' : 16,.'.: 1902.
2Crop of Alfalfa in Fields Throughout the Lower Part of the State ls ; Reported
of Excellent Quality and Sugar Beets Are Growing
in Amazing Numbers.
BOUNTIFUL CITRUS PRODUCT IN THE SOUTH
PROMISES AN INCREASE OF FIFTEEN PER CENT
BUT THE OUTLOOK FOR WHEAT IS NOT GOOD
THE reports which The C all has obtained from the southern part of the State regarding the,
nature of the grain and fruit crops shozv that section to be immensely favored in most respects.
The increase in the citrus harzrst is estimated to be about 15 per cent. In fact, all fruits shoztf to
the best advantage, and the orcltardists have every reason to feel gratified. In the matter of grain,,
Iwwever, the prospect is not entirely encouraging. Rains, have been late and in many cases they have
not proved to be beneficial. The sugar-beet crop, hozvever, gives promise of being very good, cdntrary
to earlier expectations.
Continued on Page rive.
FIREBAUGH, May 15.-A1I, kinds of
fruit and grain crops are 100 "per cent
better in this district as compared
with those of last year. ¦,
ONE HUNDRED PER CENT
FIREBAUGH'S INCREASE
The early sown acreage will yield larger
returns and of better quality than last
season, but unfortunately this represents
but a small portion of the total -grain
acreage. Owing to lack of faith in
weather conditions, fully one-half of the
LOS OLIVOS, May 15.— The agricultural
prospects for the Santa Ynez Valley
during the present season are not what
they promised to be six weeks ago. Con
tinued north winds at a very critical time,
when the crops njeeded moisture, caused
the late-sown grain to head close to the
ground, with the result that much of it
will have to be cut for hay.
. The grain, wheat,' rice and barley are
fair. Probably the yield will be a little
less than last year when the crop was
large. Hay Is rather less than the usual
yield and is now being harvested. Alfalfa
grazing land and the ' stock and dairying
Industries are very flourishing.
MERCED. May 13.— The crop conditions
' in this county are quite gratifying:.
Fruit was never better. Trees of all
varieties are heavily loaded and have not
been 'subject, to frost, blight or pests of
any kind. Peaches and apricots are the
principal export fruits, and they promise
a "very large crop. ,
SANTA YNEZ VALLEY
A SLIGHT SUFFERER
FRUITS IN MERCED
WERE NEVER SUPERIOR
RIVERSIDE. May 15.-To date there
have been shipped 3215 carloads of
oranges from Riverside and there are
about 200 carloads on the trees. This is 60
per cent of a normal cfop. The orange
and Jemon trees are blooming heavily.
Peaches and .apricots in the Hemet and
San Jacinto valleys promise a full crop
and at Elsinore the prune crop is the
heaviest in years. In other sections of
Riverside County the deciduous crop will
be fair. Banning will have a, record out
put of pears.
Generally epeaklng. the grain and hay
crops througho-ut the county are failures
They promised well up to April 1, but a
protracted hot spell burned the stalks to
the ground and In many sections the ma
chines will not be run. Local rains at
Banning and Beaumont helped to mature
a good crop and there will be a fair hay
crop at Teaecula. William Newport, who
RIVERSIDE'S ORANGE
CROP BELOW NORMAL
WOODLAND, May 15.— Present indica
tions are good for the best crops
of cereals and fruits harvested
In Yolo ' County in many years.
Light sprinkles slightly r\ damaged the
first hay cut, buf benefited other
crops. ..'The area . sown to barley is
larger than usual, and the. outlook for
a large yield is good. The wheat crop
n,ever: looked better at this time of the
year. Nothing "short of a calamity can
prevent a full crop. Green feed is abun
dant and of the ..best quality. Fruit"
berry and grape crops are • making a
vigorous growth, and . the yield promises
to. be extraordinary, but about ten days
later than last year*. Orange trees are
setting fuller with .bloom than usual. «The
almond crop is the best for years. Prunes
have, dropped somewhat early in the sea
son, but will - prove, above the average
yield. The yield of apricots Is three times
as large as that of last year. Pears and
peaches are in excellent condition, and
cherries are yielding well. Strawberries
are of a ¦ very superior quality and the
vines are bearing heavily. Blackberries
and,* loganberries are making a healthy
growth. \The yield will be a largecrop
YOLO WILL SHATTER .
A FEW OLD RECORDS
| , The weather has been most propitious
• for fruit. Apricot arid peach trees are
loaded almost to; breaking and iti is now
g almost' impossible to get sufficient help
to thin the fruit: There will . be a heavy
yield of apricots, as large as ; any yield,
i and three times .that of last. year. Peaches
are also very htiavy. - .' .
Reliable estimates of the dried "apricots
•/ for ; the coming season . place ' the output
. at; -300 cars : as against -seventy-five, last
year, • and : 150 carloads of dried peaches
this year against fifty last season. Prunes
are; badly i spotted 1 and 'will probably" be
one-half again as .many as. last year.
T^t ¦ year's output was 45.009,000 pounds.
It is yet early to estimate this crop. '
White-' cherries promise .a\ very "light
crop, ¦-while blacK cherries are -light and
': heavy -in places, ¦¦• but will -give -a good I
, yield. • The cherry crop . will be double
that of last year.. Pears are only fair and
. lighter than- last year. : .Taken ¦ as a whole,
'.^thls year's'. fruit*' crop? will -be about; the
,. same r- as 'four , years - ago. > Santa*: Clara
County . has a large berry.; crop ' this year,
. and - the ¦. asparagus yield * Is ¦ also heavy.
-; Hay: 1 and; 'grain crops will . also ,« be ¦ good
SAN JOSE, May 15.— The coming season
promises to be a bounteous one. for
tKe orchardists and farmers, of Santa
Clara County. >A11 the crops -promise
to be big, but it is the fruitme# who are
looking - forward to an exceedingly large
harvest." ¦¦{.. .;'. ; ~'V;-V:;'vVv- v
SANTA CLARA COUNTY
GIVES BIG PROMISE
COLTON, May 15.— Crop prbspects are
better than last year at thls^time.
Peaches and apricots promise 50 per
cent betj^r. Oranges are not so far ad
vanced as last year but if nothing hap
pens the young: fruit the crop wllf ex
ceed last year's by at least 2\per cent.
Hay and grain except in a few In
stances arp not as good by at least 50
per cent. Small fruits are showing up
much better than they did last season
at this time. Lemons are not as prom
ising, owing to the cold weather which
has retarded the new growth. The olive
crop will be one-half less than the last
ciop. The honey crop will be 50 per cent
larger and the honey of a much better
quality.
Fruit prospects are splendid. Nearly
all of the apricots in the county will need
thinning. Many of the growers are now
at It. Late apple trees are' full of blos
soms and there seems • to ¦ b«i no doubt
there will be a heavy crop.' 'lie acreage
planted to beans probably will not be as
large as that of last year.'
' r ¦ ¦ • ¦ .' ¦-¦ - -
SAN .LUIS OBISPO, May 15.-The com
ing autumn promises a golden harvest
for Sari Luis Obispo County.. The late
rains have helped crops of all kinds and
the section will turn out its usual big har
vest. On the coast side' prospects never
were better. The acreage is about the
same as that of last year, while if pos
sible the yield -will be better. East of the
Coast Range the conditions are' not so
favorable for a large amount of grain. It
is not. probable that qui^e so much grain
will be threshed in the interior of the
county as there was last'year, owing to
the .midwinter drought, which occasioned
a reduced acreage. The yield per acre
however, will be heavier and thus the loss
will be nearly made up.
GOLDEN THE HARVEST
IN SAN LUIS OBISPO
PROSPECT AT COLTON -
>V; RARE AND ROSEATE
VENTURA, May 15.— All crops^in Ven
tura County will be heavier this year
than last year, except grain. Accord-
Ing to commission men and buyers,
this will be a more bountiful year than
was last season. The estimates axe as
fellows: Apricots, 1400 tons dried, aa
against 1000 tons; walnuts, 150 carloads, as
against 115 carloads; lima beans. 600,000
Eiicks. as against 525,000; prunes, too early
to estimate, but trees are in fine condi
tion. The beet outlook is better than at
any time since they -tiave been grown In
this section. About 18,000 acres axe under
cultivation. The campaign at the Oxnard
factory will be quite extended. The grain
crop will be light, owing: to the dry
tveather In January and February. Fann
ers did not seed their ground until after
the heavy March rains, and then little
rain fell. However, last season's crops
were heavy, being worth about $4,000,000.
HAYWARDS, May 15.— The fruit crop
in this valley proves well in regard to
; apricots. Some orchardists place the
yield at a half-crop and others at three
fourths. There will be : a good crop of
white cherries, a fair crop of black and a
medium crop of Royal Anne cherries. The
grain outlook is promising, the late rains
doing a great- deal of good. . _
Reports from San Axdo. Bradley, Jolori
and the southern parts of the county In
dicate about one-half a crop of grain. The
sheep and cattle men fear that without
more rain pasture will be scarce this fall
One good heavy storm would insura
plenty of green feed. The upper part of
Monterey County will produce good crops
this season from all indications and a
fair hay and grain acreage is assured. Aa
a result of the big returns of the past
season large tracts of land between
Kings City, and Pajaro are being put? In
beets.
• Monterey County, will yield a large ap
ple crop this i year. Reports from Pajaro,
Watsonville and the Carmel Valley give
assurance of a large yield. The general
prospects for the season are fair and with
rain Monterey County will equal Its great
record of last year., r
SALINAS, May 15.— Monterey County
and the Salinas Valley were unfor
tunate in not receiving their share of
the past storm. Leas than a quarter of
an Inch of rain fell in Salinas and even,
less In other parts of the county. Late
¦rains will be necessary to save the farm
ers from a short crop this season. Many
failed to put in their crops until after tho
last big storm.
PROSPEROUS PROSPECT
FOR VENTURA COUNTY
LATE RAIN IMPROVES m
GRAIN NEAR HAYWARDS
MORE RAIN NEEDED
IN SALINAS VALLEY
£* ACRAMENTO, May 15.— There will be
an extraordinary crop of fruits, vege
¦ tables and cereals in this district this
year, and the comparison is in every way
favorable with last year's conditions. As
to vegetables, there are very large crops
of cabbages, potatoes and other varieties,
and good prices are assured. There has
been an exceptional demand for cabbage
from outside points, and shipments of
these have been very large. Potatoes are
commanding a good; figure and there will
be no scarcity of the crop.
"As to fruits, it may be said that the.
only trouble now feared is an overproduc
tion, due to absence of frosts, and requir
ing the thinning-out process in order to
permit the fruits to mature properly. It
is thought that the California Fruit Dis
tributors' Association, just organized, will
be able to place the fruit advantageously
to , the growers in the Eastern, market,
and there is prospect of a steady sale for
the better varieties, although It Is con
ceded that only the best fruit should be
shipped. H The cherry,. Bartlett pear and
plum crops all promise , fine returns, and
the prospect is most hopeful, the danger
ous- frost season having been safely
passed. Apricots are spotted In some sec
tions, but not seriously. There will be -a
fine crop of cereals. .— <<•-
FROST SEASON OVER
AND FARMERS REJOICE
The prospect for deciduous fruit is
good, particularly for pears, apples,
peaches, apricots and plums; also for
small fruits Including strawberries, dew
berries and blackberries. The fig crop
will be large and the report of the
cherry crop of Mesa Grande is the same.
The fruit is already turning. A large
area is being planted to tomatoes for tha
use of the cannery soon to be established.
All vegetables including -potatoes are
yielding well. Olive trees are blooming
nicely with promise of a good crop. -
SAN DIEGO, May 15.— The crop condi
tions in San Diego County at present
, are good, particularly for fruit of all
kinds. Grain will be light where rains have
been the same and considerable grain will
be cut for hay. On the whole the grain
yield will be lighter than last year but
all fruit crops will be better. Orange3
are practically all gathered and shipped.
Lemons are heavy on the trees and are
about ready for gathering. The crop will
be larger than last year to i the extent
that the trees are older and more of them
are coining into bearing.
NAPA, .May 15.— Encouraging reports
have been received from orchardists
and farmers during the past ten days
as to the prospects of the fruit and grain
crops for the season of 1902. Everything
lcoks favorable and without doubt there
will be a heavier yield this year than last
year. Nearly thirty-five Inches of rain
has fallen during the past winter, and
vegetation has thrived in all sections ad
jacent to Napa. The country hereabouts
i:ever looked better. If good weather con
tinues there will be an average crop of
fruit in all orchards. There will be a
large crop of peaches and pears, all of
excellent quality. Peach trees of^ the
Alexander, Hale's Early and Crawford
varieties are heavily laden. The prune
crop will be about a. one-third yield./ 7 It
will be much lighter than usual. This
cannot be. accounted for, especially when
all conditions seemingly, have been most
favorable. The cherry crop will be some
what light. Royal Annes are very scarce
but there will be a good yield of Black
Republicans, Tartarians and other varie
ties. Apples, apricots and plums will
yield pretty well.
NAPA VALLEY'S YIELD
ABOVE THE AVERAGE
TREES ARE BURDENED
IN SOUTHERN FIELDS
The fruit outlook is very satisfactory.
Everythingis two full weeks behind last
season. Cherries will be about the same,
as last year— a medium crop. Apricots
are 80 to 90 per cent of last year but near
ly an average crop, j A full yield of
peaches Js assured and the prune crop
is large, nearly 40 per cent- better than
last year. Only one-half a crop of early
almonds Is expected but a full crop of
the ' late varieties. . Grain and hay are
looking well and with fair weather a
heavy crop of hay will be cut this and
next week. Early vegetables are gone.
They were plentiful and brought a good
price. Farmers . and - orchardists are jubi
lant over tha prospects. - •"" ¦•-.¦
NILES, May 15.— Half an Inch of recent
rain has been of immense value to
vegetables and fruit and has done lit'
tie or no damage to grain. The total fall
is nearly. five inches. less < than last year,
but it came at an opportune time.
RAIN FALLS IN TIME
TO HELP A HARVEST
Cold rains following the warm weather
early in the season caused a partial fail
ure in apricots, but the yield promises
fairly. Peaches promise an average crop.
Apples, pears and small fruits show bet
ter prospects than usual. So far the wal
nut prospect Is good, with a big addition
al acreage coming into bearing. Grain
and hay will be plentiful, but without
more rain the alfalfa yield will be lighter
than usual.
SANTA ANA, May 15.— The present
prospects for the Orange County
grain crop are not better than last
year. San Joaquin ranch barley will av
erage half a crop. Wheat will yield only
a quarter of a crop. Four thousand acres
of lima beans promise well. Ten thou
sand acres farther south have a good
crop of barley. In the northern part of
the county the grain-prospects are good.
At Newport, Balsa, Westminster and
Garden Grove, wheat and barley are very
light. A big- acreage in beets at Los
Alamitos, Buena Park, Garden Grove and
Balsa is looking well and thinning is
veil under way. Celery plants are well
grown in seed beds and preparations are
being made to plant 2000 acres In celery
this season.
GRAIN IN THE SOUTH
SOMEWHAT DOUBTFUL
PASO ROBLES, May 15.— The crops In
this vicinity are in "excellent condi
tion and are not suffering for moist
ure. The late sown grain Is not looking
as well as that sown on^summer fallow
land. The prospects at present are that
there will be an abundant harvest of fruit
and- cereals.
NeaMy all the grain sown this season
is wheat, there being very little barley
raised in this section. A conservative es
t'.mate of the wheat reserved at the flour
n.ill and warehouses in this place last
season places the amount at 512.000 cent
als. The crops this season promise a
greater yield to the acreage sown, but
there is a third less 'acreage in than there
was last season. A rough estimate places
the probable wheat yield at 400,000 centals.
The estimated yield per acre is from
twenty to twenty-seven centals.
The grain fields will contribute their
share ofi prosperity. There will be an
enormous yield. Haying began three
,weeks ago. The late rain has spoiled
some of it, but there will be plenty. This
will be a record breaking season for Sul
sun. The fruit packing and shipping
firms are preparing for heavier traffic
than ever before and orders for dried
fruits arc already, registered to the amount
of thousands of boxes. It Is probable a
large percentage of the crop will be dried
but .this depends largely upon conditions
elsewhere. The organization of the Cali
fornia Fruit Distributors is expected to
have a beneficial effect upon the Eastern
markets.
SUISUN, May 13.— Crop prospects of every
kind never looked better in the vicinity
of Suisun than they do at present.
The heavy rain of Tuesday did no harm to
speak of. A few early cherries were
spoiled. With the exception of almonds,
the orchards will yield full crops of all
varieties. Some varieties of almonds are
light and others are normal. While in some
orchards there will be good crops of all
varieties. Cherries are a heavy crop and
carload shipments will begin this week.
They are at least two weeks later than
normally. Shipping plums are a big crop
and in places trees are breaking under
their loads. Prunes, pears, apricots and
peaches are normal. The problem, of se
curing sufficient help for harvesting the
fruit crop is vexjng some of the orchard
ists.
SEASON FOR SUISUN
IS RECORD-BREAKER
SANTA MARIA, May 15.— Santa Maria
Valley includes the northern part of
Santa Barbara County. The natural
feed _ is about equal to that of last year
and cattle and dairy interests are some
what better. The grain crops are In splen
did condition. The early hay cutting was
very near last year's supply. Separately
considered, oats are ¦ equal or perhaps
slightly in excess of last year's showing.
Wheat is about equal, and barley prob
ably a quarter less. The total yield Is a
little less, but much depends, however,
on the ripening weather for the balance
cf the month. z£ , ,
LANDS GIVE PROMISE
OF ENORMOUS YIELD
SANTA MARIA VALLEY
SHOWS GOOD CROPS
Grain— On account of lack of rainfall,
the prospects for both wheat and barley
are anything but encouraging, and the
yield will not be more than 20 to 25 per
cent of last year's crop.
Fruit— The outlook for all varieties of
fruit is very good in this section, and
the output will be 50 per cent better
than last year's.
Honey— The outlook for honey is any
thing but promising, and from present
prospects the yield will be from 40 to
50 per cent below last year's. Bee men
from the back country/Teport that if they
can make enough honey to carry their
bees through the winter it .is all they
expect.
Sugar beets — On account of the in
creased acreage of this production the
yield will be a great deal larger tnan last
year, and the prospects are good, taking
into consideration the small amount of
rainfall.
HUENEME, May 15.— Beans— On ac
count of increased acreage planted to
sugar beets, the bean average will be
reduced about 20 per cent, and, taking
into consideration the lack of moisture,
there cannot be expected a yield of more
than two-thirds of last year's crop.
HUENEME'S ORCHARD
-AND FIELD EPITOME
VALLEJO,, May. 15.— There have been
few seasons in the past twenty years
when crop prospects were so promis
ing at this time-of the year as they are
at present. "Encouraged by early rains,
the ranchers planted a great number of
acres to grain. '¦'. Midwinter rains were
heavy, spring showers have been- timely,
and as there has been an absence of dam
aging north winds the prospect for a
heavy yield is highly encouraging. Tracts
devoted to hay are being harvested with*
good results.
In the large fruit producing sections of
Sulsun and Vaca valleys conditions that
have been favorable to other crops are
producing a heavy yield of fruit, which in
some localities is almost beyond expecta
tions. In Vaca Valley the orchardists,
fearing a scarcity of help to gather their
crops, have already taken steps to pro
cure labor, and offer good wages. In East
ern Solaho considerable attention is .be
ing paid to the cutting of flax, and- the
results, which have been watched with
much interest, are decidedly encouraging.
At Vacaville and Suisun a heavy crop of
cherries Is being handled. The fruit Is be
ing sent East by the carload. . ' /
RANCHERS OF SOLANO
HAVE NAUGHT TO FEAR
ficient moisture to mature a good crop.
The apple ¦ yield is double that .of- last
year, because of young orchards coming
Into bearing. Prospects are good for po
tatoes and onions, the acreage of which is
double that of last year. The acreage of
beans is about the-same as last year's,
and the prospects are fair. There is one
half .acreage of red mustard," with the
probability of a one-half 'average yield,
antl a double acreage of yellow mustard
as compared with last year, with better
than a one-half yield. The barley crop is
light and the acreage small. Several
thousand acres of red oats was planted,
and there will be a heavy crop.
LOMPOC, May 15.— Apples, pears, and
apricots are setting well, with > suf-
KINGS C1TT, May 15.— The prospects
for a grain crop in the vicinity of
Kings 'City are discouraging. In some
favored localities quite a heavy yield of
both wheat and barley is expected, espe
cially where the ground was seeded early,
but in many districts all kinds of grain
have been backward. Not so large a
yield is expected this season as was pro
duced last year, but there will be a better
quality of wheat and barley. Th« Spreck
els Sugar Company has about 2000 acres
of barley under Irrigation an& In good
condition, promising a heavy yield; also
has about 400 acres of alfalfa under Irri
gation, which is in first-class condition.
Sugar beets are making a good growth
and an average yield is expected.
The fruit crop promises to be far ahead
oi that of last year, as young fruit is well
set on the trees, and unless unexpected
heavy frosts destroy them the yield will
be heavy, considering the small acreage
planted to fruit.
FINE FRUIT OUTLOOK
AROUND KINGS CITY
LOMPOC TREES BEAR
WEALTH OF BLOSSOMS
The. apple outlook is very encouraging
and the crop will exceed that of last year,
which was 2500 carloads, barring unfore
seen obstacles. Beet planting is pro
gressing nicely, with conditions favorable
for a good crop. About 5000 acres will be
planted. Considerable land will be seeded
to corn in this- vicinity. Black oats will
yield well. The ¦ ground Is in excellent
shape to receive seed, as rains have fallen
at favorable periods throughout the win
ter and spring. The farmers of this vicin
ity are actively . engaged in putting In
their late crops, and every one looks for
ward to a record-breaking crop year in
this valley. There have been no late dam
aging frosts this spring, and the presence
of. damp weather and foggy mornings
have favored growing crops by keeping
the moisture in the soil.
WATSONVILLE, May 15.— The crop
prospects in the Pajaro Valley have
not been more favorable for years
than they are at present. The Indications
are that all crops will do as well as last
year, and some will be much heavier. The
and early cherry crops will be the
largest In years. The berry crop is tn
splendid condition, and it is estimated
that 60,000 chests will be grown in Pajaro
.Valley this season.
I ANCASTER, May 15.— Never in the
I history of Antelope Valley has there
been such bright prospects for decidu
ous fruits as now. Almonds are perfect
in yield and quality. The apple and apri
cot crops are the finest ever known here
and the trees are loaded. An abundance
of feed and seed is about all that is ex
pected from the wheat crop. The acreage
is about the same as last year. There is
.an increased acreage and yield of. alfalfa
around Lancaster, as well as a large num
ber of new artesian wells. Several machines
are kept busy boring artesian wells for
irrigation purposes in the vicinity. The
main crops this year for exportation will
be deciduous fruits, almonds and alfalfa.
PAJARO VALLEY CROPS
WILL BE VERY HEAVY
FRUIT-LADEN ORCHARDS
IN ANTELOPE VALLEY
of table raisins and seedless Thompson
grapes. Sultanas have not set so well as
other varieties, but the crop will be much
larger than in 1901. Aa compared -with
the last season both the .crereal and fruit
crops, without exception, will be a great
deal larger this year. ¦ ¦> ,
and heavy. Good reports: also come from
the seed farms. : .
L X IVERMORE, May -15.— Cereal crops
in the Livermore Valley • will not
-yield more than two-thirds of last
- year's crop' from the' present out
look. The ' hay crop 'will be
good, probably not as heavy as
I last year, although the quality will
be Grapes will yield better than
for several years past. The almond yield
Is heavy and will be very profitable at
present prices. \ The Arlington orchard
willhave at least 1000 tons, which, at the
present market price, will bring a gross
income equal to .the value of the orchard.
Prunes are doing well and no dropping
has been reported.- A prosperous season
in all lines' of agriculture Is looked for.
valley grain lands will be summer fallow,
which will be beneficial in the long run,
and the total yield as compared with last
year will be about 70 per cent. The hor
ticultural reports tell ! a different story,
the fruit prospects being excellent.* All
kinds of fruits, including prunes, earlv
and late, are promising a heavy yield.
:Even the generally unreliable Moorpark
apricot is bearing heavily. Grapes will
produce over the best former yield.
Bee men look for a good honey crop, as
the early bloom on the desert supplied
the hives with the n«r?essary nectar.
The sugar beet crop is the largest ever
planted in Southern California, and the
start of the factories is but ninety days
removed. Thinning out of beets is now in
progress.
The outlook for the bean crop, as far as
acreage is concerned, is not favorable.
The first apricots from the Yuma coun
try were marketed here yesterday at a
price of $3 25 for ten-pound boxes. The
yield is very large.
From Indio the watermelon crop is re
ported as 100 per cent heavier than last
year, and shipments of melons and can
teloupes will commence in about two
weeks. The crop of loquats was never
larger and the fruit is of immense size.
Orchardists expect the largest harvests
In years of cherries, prunes and Logran
and" black berries, and prices are expected
to be lower than ever before. Canneries
sr<- contracting for cherries at Vfa cents a
pound.
The outlook for wheat and barley is
poor. The rains were too late to be of
advantage. A fine alfalfa crop is general
owing to increased irrigation facilities.
Early wheat is headed out and will be cut
for feed in most cases. •
The strawberry crop is a month earlier
than known in this locality in many sea
sons. A large strawberry cannery started
operations this morning.
LOS AXGELES. May 13.— The citrus
fruit crop for the season of 1901
1S02, which has not been shipped
with the exception of about 3000
cars, will total 17,500 cars. The
prospects for next year's harvest
is an increase of about 15 per
cent. The trees are heavily set with
bloom and the falling of the fruit at this
period has been noted as the smallest in
many seasons. The increase will arise
from the normal rest that comes to ma
turing trees.
put out 10,000 acres about Menlfee, will
not get his seed. back.
EF^r^A VORED by bounteous crops, the California orchardist and agriculturist faces the danger
J[ that the supply of labor may be inadequate to insure a timely harvest. Throughout the fruit
area the demand for pickers and packers will be greater this year than ever before. Even now the
dearth of toilers is causing alarm, where a thinning of crowded blossoms on heavily bearing trees
is essential. With a cry for more laborers going out from every fruit and grain* district of interior
California, the "drniy of the unemployed" in the cities of the coast will be but a memory ere the
passing of the summer. •
Early Thinning of the Trees Has Already Become Imperative, and the
; Orchardists in All Districts of the State Are Confronted
by a' Task of Vast; Proportions. .
THOUSANDS OF LABORERS WILL BE REQUIRED
TO HANDLE THE TREMENDOUS CROP OF FRUIT
WHICH FARMS THROUGHOUT CALIFORNIA PROMISE
THE SA^' J5ltAJN'OisuO fJAl^JL, JTlillJAir, MAY 16,
3;; panied/by an appalling and almost unimaginable loss of life, has rendered desolate the land to
which those who have escaped death's visitation must look for sustenance, we do hereby call upon the hu
mane and charitably inclined and upon all citizens and residents of this favored city,' rich and poor, mighty
and humble, to. contribute at once to the extent of their ability such sums of money as they may be dis
posed to subscribe for the relief of the sufferings" and 'misery entailed by this horrible disaster.
V To be of any benefit the moneys to be secured must be raised at once. Let every one give what
ever he may find possible.' Our. entire nation has been appealed to in this behalf.
• / - For convenience and immediate dispatch until further 'notice subscriptions willbe received at the
business offices of the Examiner, Call, Chronicle, Bulletin 'and;Post' and of the members of the committee.
All persons receiving donations for the Belief Fund will please deliver same as soon as possible to the of
fice of the committee's treasurer, A. Sbarboro, at the Italian- American Bank, 518 Montgomery street,
who will daily remit all sums without charge to Hon. Cornelius TH: Bliss, treasurer of the General Belief
f Dated, w Mayor's Office, San Francisco, May 15, 1902. V-'..
*• ( . ' J E. E. SCHMITZ, Chairman, A. SBABBOBO,
. . '-. . , ' "" A. .A. WATKINS, . BOBEBT J. TOBIN,
':., V , \ HENBYT. SCOTT, GEORGE; A. NEWHALL,
- • ., ; ' . GEORGE iB. KEANE, Secretary. ; Relief Committee.
7 P the People of San Francisco: The President of the 1 United States having appointed the under
signed to act as a committee to solicit and receive aid for- the distressed survivors of the dreadful
*: catastrophe which has overwhelmed the islands of Martinique and St. Vincent, and which, accom-
APPEAL TO THE PEOPLE
TO AID THE AFFLICTED
.• ' . '¦¦¦' . ' %<¦:¦.' '¦¦;*¦''¦ ' .'•'¦¦: . ' .-..-¦ ¦¦:-,, ,-¦ ' ;": . ; ¦ ¦- .-. ... ¦¦¦... . -
MEMBERS OF THE LOCAL RELIEF COMMITTEE -AND - THE CITY EXECUTIVE'S SECRETARY WHO ARE
WORKING ENERGETICALLY TO SECURE;' FUNDS TO ! AID 'THB' SURVIVORS' OF ISLAND JDISASTERS
-ALT. MONEYS ARE FORWARDED TO NEW YQRK DAILY BY THE TREASURER OF THE COMMITTEE
Requiem Mass at French Church.
A solemn requiem mass for the, victims
ot '.the Martinique; disaster) will ; |be cele
brated j In J the Church 'of ' Notre; Dame des
; Vlctolres,' 526 ¦ Bush stret,'- this'. morning at
LONDON, May IS.— King ward, has
given £400 to the Mansion House fund for
the relief of sufferers .by the, volcano on
the island of St. Vincent."
King- Edward's Gift.
m j EW YORK, May 15.— A cablegram
.7 was received ' to-day at " the offices
x i 7. '-. of ; the Quebec Steamship Company
; '-., saying ; ; that the steamer Korona ,
with survivors of : "the Roralma, : lef t St.
Crolx-td-day and 'will proceed . direct" to
New -York.-, She ; should arrive : here :May
SHIP BRINGING
SURVIVORS OF
THERQRAIMA
The local government is feeding and
theltering about 3000 refugees. •
Subscriptions for the relief of the suf
ferer* are being raised in all the British
West Indian Islands, v , v - ¦ .
jy INGSTON, Island of St. Vincent,
#C May 14.—An ambulance corps from
•* the island of Barbadoes has ar
rived here. Starvation threatens
the poorer classes of the afflicted district.
Nearly every remaining negro hut in the
Carib country contains decayed bodies
and the horrible stench is driving people
away. Mutilated bodies are tied with ropes
and dragged to the trenches, where .they
are buried. Sometimes bodies are cre
mated.
"I have never seen anything organized
so quickly and so satisfactorily," he said
•«? a ? , say T for France that she la deeply
grateful. I expect that M. Cambon will
to-day make public the cablegrams he
has received from M. Delc*sse the Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs. t.hanW th| Ame?
icans who have come so generously to the
aid of the. survivors of this dreadful dia
aster- One^df thoBe who Is specially
thanked Jby M. Delcasse is Senator Fair^
banks. The . cablegram is as follows:
; «, ? n «* b< ;£ alf of the pe °P le ot France,
transmit the expression of their extreme
gratitude ¦ to Senator Fairbanks for his
generous Initiative.'"
Bruwaert. the French Consul
General, at. this port, is extremely pleased
at - the promptness with which relief has
been sent to Martinique.
; Colonel Bralnerd. who Is In charge of
supplies of the army building. New York
received an order from Washington to-day
instructing him to receive all public do
nations in the way of .supplies for the
relief of the sufferers In the West In
dies. ¦ — '
19 or 20.
A relief fund in favor of the stricken
survivors ,of the - catastrophe -has been
started, and donations may be handed in
at the rectory, 526 Bush street.
10 o'clock.' Archbishop Riordan will pre
side and give, the absolution at the con
clusion of the service. Bishop Julius
Chatson of Osaka, Japan, will also at
tend:. Federal, State and imunlcpal of
ficers, _aa also the members of the con
sular corps, have received invitations to
be present. ¦¦'¦ . -
• •' , v •'¦ ¦' ,1 ¦ i- * ¦¦¦¦•-.
Martha J. Scooter .....w..........'.:. 5 00
J. W.. Curtis Arson.-,'..' -....v.r.i.. •.'• 5 00
Zuckerman Brothers .....:;•....". ' 5 00
H. Meyer ,;.....;... ••. 2 50
C. Dondero and, family. 2 50
H. L. . • • • '2 00
Cash •••¦•• JO °0
Aristide Brand .'. T. ........' 20 00
E. Chapman' Smith ;V. ...:.. .". . ¦;• 25 00
John E. Quinn ;..:..;..... ........ r.., , 10 00
Cash '¦ ... . .-. .v. . : . :.. ..... .'¦• •'. -1 00
Charles R. Allen' .' ••¦ 20 00
Chief Justice W. H . Beatty. ........... 25 00
E. O. Dermlaton-... ....... ,.....-. 10 00
Lewis J.-Ohnlmus .....'. '...' .....'-¦ 6 00
James Benson . . . . .............. '.'. ...."..'..¦ 5 00
Miller. . Sloss & . Co. . ......... ......... ,.' 25 00
Martha Gerstle .. .:., .....'._. :.T." :;.;... . 25 00
Pr.JullUB Roaenstirn ....•...-...¦...?.'.. '25 00
Daniel. F.- Keefe.'.... '..... -.:.".\....':'."'.: ; -10 00
Alexander G.v Taylor. ... ..'.'. . .~. . : . . . . . [SslO 00
G. Romander. .:•...-... i'... : .'.Vj. '-.;.;. ;.:'..', 5 00
W. C. W. ..„.. ;...... ¦ . .'¦ 50
Total .',.:...... ¦..= ..".;-- .....'...?2278 50
POORER CLASSES
ARE THREATENED
BY STARVATION
Eclipse of the Sun. May 7— Uranus will be
«m the ascendant. This denotes a fight between
capital and labor and an unsettled anxious
time for our foreign relations, which will be
etrained in more than one quarter. Shocks of
earthquake and fearful Htorms will occur in
routhern latitudes. . --¦ . .
On the 7th day of May there will be an
eclipse of the sun, the eclipse being almost
total. But we will again'. be debarred from
wttneselng this m-onderful sight, unless we hap
pen to be sailing on the Pacific. Ocean, some
where between South America and Australia.
New Zealand Is the only place on the globe,
perhaps, where the eclipse will be observed on
terr* firms. This, eclipse will, of course, bring
the vast, solid body of the moon between
the earth and the fun, and the usual accom
paniments of electric storms, seismic shakes
and abnormal tides, will rise to their maximum
1n many sections of our world. The high priests
of axtronomic and meteorologlc science wit) take
no official note I of these things, but careful
readers of the whole world's' happenings will
eee that an excess of euch phenomena did oc
cur, within a period of five days, taking the
hour of the eclipse — May 7. 8:42 a. m., Green
wich mean time — as the center of the period.
The other almanac was published Sep
tember 15. 1901, and is called "Raphael's
Almanac, or the Prophetic Messenger and
Weather Guide for 1902." Its prediction
re-acs as follows:
published In St. Louis and the other
in London, England, which he claims pre
dicted in a measure the recent Beismlc
disturbances In southern latitudes. One of
the almanacs is called "The Rev. Irl R.
Hicks' Almanac," published in St. Louit
!»6t September. The prediction reads as
fellows:
CAPTAIN GEORGE D. WHITE of
Oakland has sent to the Associated
Press copies of two almanacs, one
TWO ALMANACS
PREDICT COMING
EARTHQUAKES
In order to accommodate < the people
who may. desire to give their : money
without waiting for the committee to
call upon them, it was decided that the
banks and the newspapers should be re
quested to receive subecriptlons. The
members of the committee will also re
ceive donations of money rat their places
of business. Each day Andrea Sbarboro
will telegraph all the money subscribed to
Cornelius N. Bliss, chairman of the main
committee , in New York. The money
will be forwarded free of charge. The
names of. all the subscribers and the
amounts they donate will be made public
daily. , -. •',
Andrea Sbarboro read a letter, to the
MONEY PROMPTLY SENT.
Mayor Schmltz was elected president,
while Andrea Sbarboro was selected to
take charge of the funds, and George B.
Keane was made "secretary. The commit
tee then commenced a discussion of the
best methods of effectively and expedi
tiously canvassing for funds. On the sug
gestion of A. A. Watkins, It was decided
to issue an appeal through the press to
the people calling attention to the great
suffering which had been visited upon the
people of Martinique and St. Vincent and
advising the necessity of immediate and
liberal subscriptions. The suggestion
was unanimously adopted and the secre
tary instructed to at once prepare the
petition. . • - .¦
The members of the committee were of
the opinion - that it would .not be suffi
cient to merely publish ah appeal for as
slst'ance and then await quietly the ar
rival of ¦¦funds, ; ;but that it would prove
much more . efficacious if each member
would personally visit the 'merchants and
solicit money. In order to insure a com
plete canvass of 'the business portion of
the city, sub-committees will be appoint
ed at a meeting this afternoon at' 3:30
o'clock in the Mayor's office.. These sub
cemmittees will personally wait upon al!
the merchants who are thought to be in
possession of a sufficient allotment of the
world's goods to share a portion with the
distressed islanders. The selection of the
men who will compose the sub-commit
tees was left in the hands of George A.
Newhall, A. A. Watkins and Henry T.
Scott , : . -. •
and they are rapidly coming
forward with liberal subscriptions for the
relief of the survivors of the , awful
calamity. Although President Roosevelt's
appeal In behalf of the stricken people
was made only two days ago, already
over $2000 has been dispatched to New
York from this city for the purchase of
supplies,, v
The committee of prominent^ business
men appointed by President Roosevelt
met yesterday morning in Mayor
Schmitz's office to formulate a plan for
the systematic raising of funds. When
the meeting was called to order the. en
tire committee, consisting of Mayor
Schmltz, Andrea Sbarboro, George A.
Newhall. A. A. Watklns, Robert J. TobJn
and Henry T. Scott, was present. It was
the sense of the meeting that whatever
aid was to be extended by this city to the
wretched victims of the volcanoes'
wrath should be given at once and there
fore the members settled themselves at
once to business.
r; HE .sympathies and > generous
Impulses of the citizens of this
city have been profoundly
touched by the appalling ruin
which has befallen the people
of St.' Vincent and Martinique
LIST OF SUBSCRIPTIONS. :
The following is a list of the subscrip
tions which have thus far been received:
Raphael WeiU & Co ................. . ". $500 00
L*vt Strauss & Co.. .',.' ...500 00
Murphy, Grant & Co .',..: ............. 250 00
Joseph Brandensteln ............;..... 100 00
H. Schussler. ..... ..... . . ;;. . ...... ..... ioo oo
Mayor Eugene E. Schmltz.,.. 50 qq
Italian-American Bank ....... ;V. ....." 50 00
Byz & Co. .....::....A..:....-..V • 60 00
Robert J. Tobln. .". . . i. ..... :.'... 60 00
William Alvord 60 00
Gladding, McBean & Co... ;,.;:....... "60 00 '
Union Iron Works Y. 50 00
Italian-Swiss Colony V. ..-.'.": .;1.Y'...'.. ' "25 00
National Fire Insurance' Company . of *•¦'¦ ¦•>¦ ¦
• Hartford .%.'.. :........;.........:..' • 25 00
Springfield : Fire and Marine ¦ Insurance ¦'-'¦:•¦. .
Company . . . : . . .25 00
George Cagllerl ...:....... ..'.... , 25 00
Buckingham & Hecht ... .7. ......„....-— 20 00
Edmond Godchaux ......... .».; .. ;"..*:". ','20 00
Mack & Co .'........:..:.... .7. ,'20 00
California Bottling Company.:..-..". .~..* 20 00
D.de Bernard! & Cot. ..."...'.;. 10 00
Dr. Paolo de- Vecchl;'. ........ .-. ..... . ;' 10 00
1. cuenin ....:.. r.;:.. ........... 1000
Cash .¦.•:.."...-.: .....;.. ..::...:>.:.:.... b 00
Cash ................-..:....;.:;.....:. -5 00
John H.Madsen ......,.....;... './'.-, .5 00.
• SAN FRANCISCO. May 15, 1902 .
George B. Cortelyou, Secretary, White House
Washington. D. C.: Inform his Exe^llency!
the President, that San Francisco 1b subscrib
ing generously for the Martinique- relief fund
The first *2000 was sent to Cornelius N Blisa'
New York, to-day.. More will follow promDtly'
A. . SBARBORO, Treasurer"
TO RECEIVE SUPPLIES.
\ Mayor Schmltz, president of the relief
committee, received a telegram yesterday
afternoon from D. L. Brainard, major of
commissary. United States army, notify
ing him that Brainard had been desig
nated by the Secretary of War to receive
all contributions of supplies that the vari
ous cities dfislred to make. The telegram
stated that the supplies were to be for
warded directly to Major Brainard at pier
No. 15. Brooklyn, N. Y., and that all
charges must be prepaid.' , ,-¦ •....'•. ¦;
The local committee has as yet. made
no provision for collecting or handling
supplies, It Js Us Intention, fcs far as the
lnans have as yet been developed, to
transmit the money to New York and let
the committee at that city purchase' the
necessary supplies. The delay In. ship-
PA ri£ V food and clothing from this city -5 to
the East and thence to the- islands would
involve such a waste of time that the
supplies would be of little use when they
did eventually- arrive at their destination.
At the meeting this, afternoon the com
mittee will probably consider the propo
sition of receiving supplies fro'm the local
merchants. . ¦ ¦¦•,.¦. •. .. .
Treasurer. Sbarboro "is greatly pleased
with the generous manner in which the
people are subscribing. - He sent the fol
lowing, dispatch -to George B; Cortelyou
the President's secretary, yesterday, tell-'
ii:g him of. the amount of money which
had already been raised:
committee from James Neill, in which
the actor and manager tendered the
services of himself and company. The
generous offer was accepted and the
thanks of the committee extended to
Neill. Andrea Sbarboro was appointed to
confer with him for the purpose of ar
ranging a benefit performance to be given,
pieferably in the, afternoon. ' He will also
vfelt the other theatrical managers and
endeavor to interest them in the cause
of the destitute people. .
Silt is expected that the plans will be
fullv completed this afternoon. After
yesterday s meeting Mr. Sbarboro stated
that he expected that the people of this
city would send at least 120,000, -
RELIEF COMMITTEE
COMPLETES ITS PLAN
All Business Men of the City Will Be Asked
to Make Cash Contributions.
John Dillon.. Irish Nationalist, who first
raised the question in the House Tues
day, and suggested that the authorization
to the Governor of the Windward Islands
to spend. money, ought to be extended so
a? to provide for the relief of the. Mar-
Unique sufferers, as he consldereo. !i
would be most unfortunate ff a distinction
was made.; tried to move an adjournment
of the House on this point, but the mo
tion was rejected. „ . .
! ' " "~ ¦ - '¦
"The French Government replied, ac
cepting with gratitude the offer of his
Majesty's Government. From the nature
of the case there must be a. distinction
between our own colonies and those of
another, power In the expenditure ot
money. But the Government, as stated, U
prepared to. give comforts and provisions
to sufferers at Martinique."
"I have no douftt," he added, "that thq
ether colonies will be equally generous.
In addition the Governor of the Windward
Inlands has been authorized to spend
whatever sums are necessary and the
Imperial Government is prepared to sup
plement the contributions from other
sources »o whatever extent may be neces
sary. \ ¦
"As regards the Island of Martinique.
Lord Lansdowno, th,e Foreign Minister.
May 11. has Instructed his Majesty's Em
bassador at Paris, Sir Edmund Monson.
to say that It would give the Government
great pleasure to offer assistance in any
manner most convenient to the sufferers
from the calamity, and to say that tf this
country could help by the loan of doctor*
or the gift of medical comforts and pro
visions that we were prepared to act
forthwith, i
OFFERS ASSISTANCE.
A cable message from Kingston. Ja
maica, to-day confirms the previous dis
patch of the Associated Press referring
to the possibility, owing to the frequent
disasters, that the Government will aban
don St. Vincent and transfer the peopla
now there to other islands.
In a statement In the House- of Com
mons to-day regarding the measures pro
posed by the Government for the relief
of the sufferers from the volcanic out
b-eaks in the West Indies, the Govern
ment leader, A. J. Balf our, after a refer
ence to the steps taken, added:
"We have taken account of the most
sympathetic manner in which the United
States Government has, to use its own
language, expressed its desire 'to share
in the work and rescue.* The manner In
which this generous offer can best be ac
cepted the- Government of the Wh^iiward
Isles has already been consulted." 5
Balfour referred to the opening of the
relief fund at the Mansion House by the
Lord Mayor, Sir Joseph Dlmsdale. In be
half of the sufferers of the Island of St.
Vincent, and said that Canada, Jamaica,
and the other West Indian Islands and the
Inland of Mauritius. In the Indian Ocean,
had promised to help with money and
cot da.
MAY ABANDON ISLAND.
The horrors of the islands of Martinique
and St. Vincent are beginning to take th«
place in the London newspapers usually
occupied by discussions as to the probable
outcome of. Boer peace conferences at y c<
reenlnging. Transvaal. Practically all th»
dispatches describing the scenes at the
time of or after the eruptions come from
New York and many ot tne papers con
tent themselves with publishing the most
striking phrases of these reports.
Thus* the Westminster Gazette saya:
"Once again, in the cause of charity,
our kinsmen across the Atlantic have
Slned a substantial start and have set
fhe old country an example of swift an<v
magnificent ?f:nero*ity from which w»,
m c S apnIlSs De arf somewhat slow, in sub
scribing to the Mansion House fund. Lp
to 4 pm. only £50CO had been received, of
which amount the Bank of England con
tributed £1000 and the Corporation of Lon-
O< St Paul's Cathedral and other churches
are arranging for special collections Sun
day next in aid of the fund.
The Lord Mayor of Liverpool to-day
opened a West Indian relief fund. A tele
gram Tecelved here to-day announced th»
safety of Lady Uwellyn, the wife of the
Governor of the Windward Islands, and
her family, who were staying at St. Vm
cent at the time of the eruption of tha
volcano there.
REALIZE THE HORROR.
The Associated Press is authorized to
announce • officially on behalf of both the
Foreign Office and the Colonial Office that
President Roosevelt's offer has created
the deepest gratitude here. All the of
ficials declare that no occurrence of re
cent years has so brought home to them
the deep and material friendship ex!3tins
between the two Governments.
Lord Monkbretton, Mr. Chamberlain's
secretary, said to a representative of the
Associated Press:
"We are Indeed grateful to America.
Our only difficulty is to insure an equit
able distribution of the relief sent from
all sources. Until we hear from the Gov
ernor of St. Vincent we believed it would
have been better to defer organizing a
system - of distribution, though anything
sent to him .will doubtless be well applied.
Experience from- previous -disasters
teaches us that unprincipled persons take
advantage of charity and that a man who
has only had his pig stye burned down
will demand a new house, we have heard
nothing to-day and find it difficult to com
municate with St. Vincent." „
Chamberlain has contributed £o0 to tne
Mansion House West Indian relief fund.
DEEP GBATITUDE.
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain wrote
to the Foreign Office to-night desiring
Lord Lansdowne very gracefully to
acknowledge and accept President Roose
velt's offer of assistance and to inform
Mr. Roosevelt that Chamberlain cabled
to the Governor of St. Vincent to-day
asking for information as to the' best
method of utilizing tne United State*' of
fer. Until' the Governor's answer i3 re
ceived nothing definite can be don©; -
The Colonial Office especially asks the
Associated Press to announce that any
relief intended for the inhabitants of the
island of St. Vincent can, for the present,
be safely sent and be wisely distributed.
if addressed to the Governor of the Wind
ward 1' lands, St. Vincent.
"Express to British Gov
ernment the sympathy of the President
and the people of this country in the af
fliction which has befallen St. Vincent
and our desire to share in the work of
aid and rescue/"" " ,."; "
LONDON, May 15.— Two messages ex
pressing sympathy regarding the loss of
life at St. Vincent have been ; received at
the Foreign Office here from the United
States Government. One was private and
the other official. The former was verb
ally presented by Mr. Choate, the United
States Embassador, whom Lord Lans
downe the Foreign Secretary, thanked
for the message.
w W WASHINGTON, May 15.-
I H / By direction of the Presi
ta /M j dent. Secretary Hay • on
VaX lm/ Ma y I 2 sent the following
Mr If cablegram to Embasaa
dor Choate at London:
The prices of food are advancing. The
destruction of the livestock of the island
has also caused a rise In the price of
meat. A British warship has arrived here
from Trinidad, bringing provisions for the
relief of the sufferers.
There are decomposed bodies in many
houses, and in order to guard against dis
ease it will probably be necessary for the
authorities to bum these dwellings. Ow
ing to the many difficulties in the way of
those who have the matter in hand many
bodleB have not yet been interred. As
wide areas of ground which formerly
produced foodstuffs have been devastated
there is to-day an abnormal demand for
breadstuffs and a consequent scarcity of
food supplies.
Owing to the destruction of several
estates, the sugar and arrow root indus
tries of St. Vincent are seriously injured.
Destitution prevails among the laboring
classes, who are without homes, without
clothes and hungry. Nearly 2000 deaths on
this island have been reported. Bodies
have been discovered in life-like attitudes,
presenting grewsome spectacles.
INDUSTRIES INJURED.
Owing to the, great heat It is still im
possible to approach La Soufriere volcano
from the leeward side.
Interesting discoveries have been made
regarding physical changes on St. Vincent
resulting from the eruptions. Several fis
sures have been observed on La Soufriere.
The estate of Walibou has disappeared
and has been replaced by an inlet of the
sea. . . ".,'..
Richmond, an estate adjoining which
was formerly flat, and upon which there
were a number of laborers' cottages, has
been completely burned and out of the
estate there now arises a large ledge of
ground. It is believed that Rabacci cra
ter, in the Windward district of the isl
and, has also erupted.
From a distance La Soufriere. although
less violent, still wears a cap of dark
clouds which is illumined now and then
by flashes of red light. Volcanic dust fell
here again yesterday, but fortunately
there has been several heavy rain showers
which have washed away the dust from
the grass and restored the verdure of the
nelos. The condition of the atmosphere is
also apparently improving. ; .
Two eruptions of less magnitude than
the first occurred Saturday, May 10, and
from then until to-day nre and smoke
have been ascending at intervals from the
craters.
PHYSICAL CHANGES.
Friday morning:. May 9, large stones and
volcanic dust fell in the neighborhood of
(Georgetown for two hours, terrifying the
people there. A cloud of hot vapor then
passed over that part.
The damage done to St. Vincent by the
volcanic eruptions is now known to be
much greater than was at flrst estimated.
The present uneasiness of the inhabitants
of the Island is increased by the continu
ous activity of the volcanoes. .• .
KINGSTON. St. Vincent, Monday, May
12.— Scientists who have come here froru
the British island of Trinidad predict an
other volcanic eruption on St. Vincent
•within a short time. .'.' ¦
Trinidad because a volcanic
eruption is considered imminent. Other
families are also reported to have sought
places of safety.
IB JT-ARSEILLES. May 15. — A
/H /B resident of Trinidad, West
/ 3B/sa Indies, has received a tele
/ wr M ST ram frora his family stat
/ Y JS ing that they have been com-'
polled to leave their home In
Special Dispatch to The Call.
¦ ¦ ¦, '
Great Changes Are Caused, One Estate
Disappearing and Being Replaced
by Inlet of Sea.
Disaster May Cause
St. Vincent to Be
Abandoned.
Roosevelt Expresses
Sympathy of the
People.
Scientists Predict Further Disasters to the
Country Within Shadow of
La Soufriere. *
British Are Grateful
For Our Offer
of Aid.
ISLANDS OF BRITISH
WEST INDIES ARE IN
PATH OF ERUPTIONS
AMERICA
SETS AN
EXAMPLE
TRINIDAD FAMILIES FEAR VOLCANO AND FLEE FROM HOMES,
WHILE FURTHER DESOLATION IS THREATENED ON ST. VINCENT
THIS : SAJN -.JB Li AJSCJ1SCO VALSj, i'KlDAY r MAY 16, 1902.
4The first bid was $900,000, and several- of
the early bidders dropped out before the
million, and a . half mark 'was reached. !
Police Find Bloody Garments.
DENVER, May 15.— EaYl Eavy,:whols
charged with grand larceny and embezzle-,
ment In San Francisco, was . arrested : to
day at the St. James Hotel in this city.
Among his effects ; was found a suit of
lady's underwear, which was- covered
with blood. Eavy declined to explain how
this happened to be in his possession.
tants of the Island of Martinique*. Quan
tities of food, wines, preserves, etc., will
be taken. . ¦ ; . , ¦.-:¦ -j .-.:•
Many Need Belief.
NEW TORK, May 15.— The Associated
Press has received the following response
from Sir Robert Baxter Llewellyn," Gov
ernor of the Windward Islands, at St.
Lucia, In reply to a dispatch sent Monday.
May 12, asking the Governor of the
islands what were the present needs of
the sufferers on St. Vincent:
"ST. LUCIA, May 15.— To Melvlile E.
Stone. Associated Press: There have been
1500 deaths on St Vincent Three thou
sand people there are in need of relief.
The distress must last for some months.
Crackers, salt fish, flour, cornmeal . and
foodstuffs generally are wanted at St.
Vincent"
SECBETARY HAY READY
TO MAKE HIS REPORT
WASHINGTON, May 13.-The negotia
tions between Secretary Hay and the
Ministers from .Colombia, Nicaragua and
Costa Rica., looking to the -acquirement
of the necessary rights for the construc
tion by the United States Government of
either the Panama or Nicaragua canal
have at last been concluded, and to-mor
row the Secretary of State will be able to
send to the Senate three treaties cover
ing the ground. The general feature3 of
these conventions have been already set
out in the press. - . -
There was a large attendance at the
sale, newspaper owners from other cities
being among those present Wesley M
Oler of the Baltimore Herald was Sten
ger's principal competitor. t His*- last. bid
was $2,a5.000r.and' the "stock" was" knocked
down to Stenger at his bid of $2,300,000.
views In the matter, the decision was
reached to have the warrants sworn out
in Montreal and served on Messrs. Gay
nor and Greene In Quebec, thus bringing
the question of holding them for extradi
tion before, the Montreal authorities.
The expectation here is that when ar
raigned by . the Montreal authorities
Messrs. Gaynor and Greene will endeavor
to secure their release by habeas corpus
proceedings. Any efforts in that line will
be vigorously resisted by Erwin, who has
employed a well-known firm of attorneys
of Montreal to assist him in whatever
proceedings are had. The confident belief
of the officials here is that this Govern
ment will be able to secure the extradi
tion of the two men, in which case they
will be taken to Savannah for trial.
When asked whom he represented in
the transaction Stenger smilingly -, an
swered "myself" and declined to say any
thing further. » .
PHILADELPHIA, May 15.— By order of
the United States Court of Eastern Penn
sylvania James M. Beck, special Master
Commissioner, to-day sold at public auc
tion 9050 shares of the 10,000 shares of the
Philadelphia Record Publishing Company,
par value J100. William S. Stenger of
Philadelphia bought the stock for $2,300,
000. Stenger Is an attorney and was Sec
retary of the Commonwealth during Gov
ernor Pattlson's first term. Stenger also
bought $470,000 of the issue of $500,000 6
per cent bonds of the Record Company,
paying $654,000 therefor.
Purchases the. Stock and Bonds
of the Newspaper.
William S. Stenger, an Attorney,
PHILADELPHIA RECORD
SOLD AT PUBLIC AUCTION
The House to-day was plunged Into a
new debate on Philippine affairs. Thus
far the subject of alleged atrocities In the
islands has engaged the attention of the
Senate alone and only occasionally echoes
have been heard In the House. But to
day the reports of cruelty and outrage
were rehearsed" In the Houae with ve
hemence and bitterness. The naval bill
was the order of the day, but it received
only scant attention after the allegations
of Philippine outrages were presented. A
speech by Vandiver of Missouri, reciting
instances of alleged outrages, brought on
the discussion. Personalities and. recrim
inations were freely passed about. Van
diver was supported in his criticisms by
Wheeler of Kentucky, while vehement de
fenses of tjie American soldiers were made
by Hepburn of Iowa, Grow of Pennsylva
nia, Hill of Connecticut, W. A. Smith of
Michigan and Lessler of New York.
General debate on the naval bill closed
at 4 o>clock, and when the House ad
journed the measure was being read for
amendment.
The bill providing for the erection of a
union railway station in Washington and
the fortifications appropriation bill were
passed.
WASHINGTON, May 15.— An extended
speech by McLaurin of Mississippi in op
position to the pending Philippine govern
ment bill was a feature of to-day's ses
sion of the Senate. The Mississippi-Sen
ator- vigorously assailed the : administra
tion's policy In the Philippines. He dep
recated the outrages perpetrated In the
islands, whether they were .committed by
the Filipinos or by the Americans. They
were, In his judgment, the natural growth
of the Government's policy, for which, he
maintained, the Republican party' ' was
responsible. He urged the abandonment
of the policy in the Interest of humanity
and Justice. He declared that the minority
was not discussing the pending measure
to obtain political capital, as all the polit
ical material which the Democrats de
sired had been made for them by the Re
publicans in this Congress.
Says They Are the Outgrowth
of Position Taken by
Government. V ;
Senator McLaurin Dep
recates the Outrages
in the Islands.
ASSAILS POLICY
IN PHILIPPINES
Continued From Page Three.
COITION OF^CALIFORKIA CROPS-'
I had hoped ; that . he . wopid have the man
hood and the common sense to realize that he
oould not take, the six best years of my life,
and then leave me with my Jewels pawned in
.London and money unpaid which was borrowed
to save him ; In the hour of his approaching
disgrace. He often told me and wrote me that
I had done more for him than his own flesh
and blood. Do you ; suppose that a . woman
would do that for any man she did not expect
to call her husband?.. In spite of. this he un
blushingly became engaged to another woman
I would, have followed him to the, north polo
if necessary to make him face me and settle
with me. . . .
-SALT LAKE, May 15.— Mrs. Hattie De
laro : Barnes, the ; divorced wife : of "W. S.
Barnes, of San Francisco, will receive
$1000in payment for the damage done her
affections through the neglect . of Clyde
Shropshire to marry her as he promised.
A compromise . was reached between the
adjournment of court yesterday afternoon
and the ' reopening of the hearing to-day, by
which the case was dismissed on the pay
ment of $1000 by the defendant, the former
Vice Consul General -'¦ at Paris. Mrs.
Barnes was thus prevented from telling
on the witness stand all she knew and
thought about Shropshire,: but this even
ing she said a few.lhings in an interview.
She told about the love that sprang up in
her .heart . after shs became separated
from Barnes and left San Francisco, and
how I her affections centered upon the
handsome,' dashing Shropshire, whom she
met . In Paris. Her whole life became
wrapped In him. she said, and then he jilt
ed her for another woman;- That filled her
heart with bitterness and a thirst for
venegeance. Said she: .- ; :>¦•:• ;,
the Suit' Against
Shropshire..
Mrs. Barnes Dismisses
SETTLES CASE
OUT OF COURT
FRESNO, ..May/ 15.— The,, outlook^ of the
' ; f ruit .crop , f or/ the ; •present , season : is".'
. according to leading fruit' buyers here,
; the -best -that it'has been In years: ' Prices ;
FRESNO IS PLEASED %
WITH>THE OUTLOOK
SONOMA, May =15.— The rainfall Mon
day night in Sonoma measured .65 of
an inch, making .89 for the month
and 29.25 Inches: for. the season— 25.82
inches for the same time' lasf year. -The
ground is, thoroughly soaked and In "splen
did condition for late cultivation. But lit
tle hay has been cut in this' section, so it
is not likely: much injury will result. It Is
realized the rainlwill I prove lof incalcula
ble .advantage to* the . grain fields, .hay
beets ' as wel1 a3 1 the
•^rSrftfi&'&oX so^idu^f^
and. vineyards are . in, excellent condition.^
with the i exception of apricotsrand'Bart
,lett ¦ pears. -. The former did not set won
and' the latter," owing, to lack of sunshine'
are . blighted : and . much of the, crop wifi
¦turn yellow r and : fall. ; Cherries -tvIII^ be
two -weeks later than usual. • . Altogether
however, .this season is ahead of lait, and
one of the heaviest crops in , years will
undoubtedly.be; the result. 7 'f-.
§ ROME,' May j 15.— There are persistent
reports V at • the Vatican ¦ that Bishop
Charles J McDonnell of Brooklyn, N. Y., is
likely - to', be the successor ; of > the late
Archbishop Corrigan of the j archdiocese
of; New : York.' Nothing, however, has
been decided pending the reception of the
names of the three candidates whom the
clergy of the archdiocese will select and
from ..which the Archbishop . will -»be
chosen. 1 ' A high authority at the ; Vatican
said -that it seemed as * though Bishop
McDonnell could have, the .¦ appointment
for. the asking. .-
are expected to be fully as good. as last
year, while there /will -be a - much . larger
quantity of fruit.'" The grape ¦ crop, both
for wine and raisins," will be far in excess
of ; the crop last year. This Is due to the
fact that there was no frost in the early
spring, such as. hurt the crop of last year.
Peaches." apricots, prunes and nectarines
are I ahead . of ¦•: last . year's : crop,, and the
canneries wlir be : kept ; busier • longer this
year than for many seasons past.- , .
i i The only . crop that; bo far gives indica
tions ; 'df i being .lighter than last .year's is
the pear crop. -This is on account of the
pear . < blight, 1 • which '¦¦ has « been . prevailing
here ¦ to a.1 great . extent lately and ; has
ruined ; a" large ¦ portion ; of . the crop.
Likely to Succeed Late Arch
¦' ; ' bishop Corrigan. >
Authorities:; at Vatican Say. He Is
bishop McDonnell may
GET THE APPOINTMENT
RAIN SOAKS FIELDS
THROUGHOUT SONOMA
JACKSON, I Miss., May. 15.— The forty
second annual session of the Presbyterian
Church of the United States South began
Its deliberations here to-day. There .were
250 commissioners present. -The mod
erator is Dr. Neander M. -Woods of Mem
phis. . ¦¦¦'-- -.-¦¦•'
Mych of the assembly's \ time will be
given' to the planning of church extension
and * development in country t places as
well as In cities. . ' .;...;¦.>>
-SPRINGFIELD, Mo., May 15.— The sev
enty-second General "Assembly of the
Cumberland Presbyterian Church met in
this city this .morning. The attendance
was unprecedentedly large. Rev.' E. E.
Morris of Marshall. , Mo., the moderator,
preached the ¦ opening sermon, his theme
being "The Manifest Righteousness of
God." .••• . -, : ¦¦ ¦ '.- -;'¦ -.. ... ¦¦ . , -.
NKW TORK, May 15.— Dr. Henry Van
Dyke, professor of literature at S Prince
ton University, was late this afternoon
elected moderator, of the GeneralAssem
bly. of the Presbyterian Church) which
body began its deliberations here to-day.
He was elected on the second ballot.
•After. the result was announced the re
tiring ¦ moderator, Dr. \ Henry C. Mlnton,
moved that Dr. Van Dyke's election be
made, unanimous, and this waSj done.
, Amidst cheers | Dr. Van Dyke was
escorted to. the moderator's chair, and as
he took it Dr. Minton said: :
My brother, it becomes my duty to Inform
you of your election to the office of moderator
of this General ' Assembly and present you with
this book of law and order. I trust that' God
may spare you to us all, and that he may
grant, you his blessing in the work before you.
Dr. Van Dyke In reply "said:
• I thank you\ with all my heart foV giving
me . the privilege of standing in a place made
sacred to me by the memory of my father. I
have not deserved this honor, but will do my
best, If you will help; me r to be a loyal and
true moderator in the church in which I was
born and which I love with all my heart.
Dr. Van Dyke then declared the session
adjourned until to-morrow at 9 a.' m.
Professor H. Van Dyke
of Princeton Elected'
Moderator.
BREST, France. May 15.— The French
cruisers Bruix and Sureouf have been or
dered to sail . Saturday and Sunday re
spectively with . supplies for the inhabl-
- An American who has resided here for
a long time said: "The Parisians are con
stitutionally unable to become, deeply In
terested in anything not. connected with
the capital. Have you not noticed that the
papers are giving more space to the Hum
bert case than to the terrible loss of life
at Martinique, while early this week they
devoted pages to the death of Severos, the
aeronaut, and only two columns to the
West Indian catastrophe?"
"We hoped that the fetes at Brest would
have been countermanded on account of
the catastrophe, over which foreign sov
ereigns, courts and parliaments are
mourning more than our own authorities.
The flags are half-masted, but the mili
tary bands are playing as if 30,000 French
men-had' not perished." ¦
The Nationalist Patrle says:
green board on which. the official bulle
tins were posted were almost exclusively
natives of Martinique. Occasionally a
woman lssed from the Minister's room In
tears after learning the fate of some loved
one. The opposition is beginning to use
the cataclysm as a club to beat the Gov
ernment..
PRESBYTERIANS
HOLD ASSEMBLY
Continued From Page One.
SAYS GREAT WAVE OF DEADLY GAS
The officials here satisfied themselves
after a thorough investigation that
Messrs. Gaynor and Greene felt reason
ably secure from extradition while In
Quebec. because of local conditions exist
ing there. They feared that if the men
were arrested in Quebec resort would be
had immediately to habeas corpiw. pro
ceedings and they would be released' >'or
this reason and In accord with Erwin's
f . "¦ . • ' ' ' ij
WASHINGTON, May 15.-The arrest of
Messrs. Gaynor and Greene was the re
sult of a carefully prepared and well
matured, plan devised by the government
officials, acting under instructions of the
Department of Justice of the United
States. Its inception dates back to . the
time when Gaynor and Greene left ' the
United States and took up their residence
in Quebec. The officials here then began
consideration of the question of the best
means to have them extradited and
brought back to Savannah, Ga., for trial.
The extradition treaty between Great
Britain and the United States was care
fully studied, and the conclusion reached
that there existed good grounds for the
extradition of the men. To Marion Er
win, who has figured prominently in the
conduct of the cases at Savannah, was
assigned the duty of proceeding to Can
ada and assisting the government in the
attempt to secure the return of the twe
men to the United States.
PLANNED AT WASHINGTON.
Marion Erwin, District Attorney for the
Southern District of Georgia, swore out
the warrants before Judge Desnoy call
ing for the arrest of Gaynor and Greene.
The extradition of wealthy Americans
In Quebec has in the past been attended
with a great deal 4)1 difficulty, and so
Erwin laid his information In the Mon
treal courts.
SOREL, Quebec, May 15.— Instructions
nave been received here to close the
grates of the Richelieu Canal so that the
tug Spray cannot pass through en route t»
the United States.
While the petitions were being prepared
a special train was ordered over the Can
adian Pacific and at«3:50 the chase began.
On the train are Messrs. Cannon and
Chaveau, attorneys in this city, who are
bearers of the petition; High Constable
Gale and eight detectives.
MONTREAL. May 15.— A special to the
Gazette from Three Rivers says:
The tug Spray with Chief Carpenter, his
aids and Colonel Gaynor and Captain
Oreene. prisoners, passed Three Rivers at
7:15 o'clock this evening under full head
of steam. Two Quebec policemen and two
detectives who sought with the ferryboat
Glacial to intercept the Spray failed ut
terly.
The petitions were sworn to • by Mrs.
Gaynor, who alleges that her husband and
Greene were taken away against their
consent and without giving them time to
see their counsel or take legal measures
to prevent their arrest.
Upon the return of Mrs. Gaynor to the
city the lawyers in the case had a short
consultation with her and immediately
two petitions for habeas corpus, ordering
the return of Gaynor and Greene to this
city, were prepared and two orders wert
signed to that effect by Judge Andrews
in the Superior Court. In the meantime
four members of the provincial police left
by the 1:15 Canadian Pacific Railroad
train for Three Rivers, with orders to se
cure a tug there and try to Intercept the
Spray. The latter town Js ninety miles
from Quebec and Just half way between
here and Montreal.
Half an hour after the departure of the
Spray a tug was engaged by Mrs. Gaynor.
She went on board with Detective Walsh.
The pursuit of the Spray was given up
at Cape Rouge, eight miles from the city.
The Spray was then almost out of sight
down the river.
PTJESTJE THE TUQ.
While the arrest of Greene was being
accomplished Burke and the other de
tectives went to the Chateau Frontenac
Colonel Gaynor was standing at the
clerk's desk as they entered. Three de
tectives walked up to Gaynor, one taking
held of his right arm and the other his
ieft, while Burke produced a legal paper.
Colonel Gaynor asked permission to get
his overcoat, but he was not permitted to
do so, and the four hurried out to the cab
end started for the wharf at a rapid pace.
These proceedings occupied about
twenty minutes. The hotel notified Colonel
Gaynor's counsel of what had occurred.
The Attorney General's department and
Judge Chauveau were then notified, and
they In turn asked the police to investi
e&te the matter.
Greer.e was heard to say, "Wait a min
ute until I see a friend," but this was de
r.ied him, and the three detectives and
Greene entered the cab and were driven
to the wharf.
At 10:30 o'clock a well dressed man en
gaged a cabman by the hour and instruct
ed him to wait near the postofQce. Soon
afterward Burke, with another cab, ar
rived. Burke and two other men who
came up walked toward the Chateau
Frontenac, which is near by. In the
meantime Greene, who had entered the
postofflce. as was his dally custom, came
cut of the main door. Two strangers who
had been in waiting in a store near by
crossed the street, and one of them, plac
ing his hand on Greene's shoulder, pulled
a document from his pocket and asked
him to enter the first cab. ' •
This morning Donald McMaster, a prom
inent lawyer cf Montreal, who is engaged
by the prosecution, arrived here by boat
from Montreal. On the same boat with
him were six detectives, Including Chief
Carpenter of Montreal. They were met
at the wharf on their arrival by Detective
liurke.
The arrests were made on warrants Is
sued in Montreal, Chief "Wilkle's men as
sisting In the arrest. The men were hur
ried on board a swift little tug, which had
been kept in waiting at the wharf. Ten
minutes after Greene and Gaynor were
safely on board the boat steamed out Into
the river and started toward Montreal.
The officers moved so quickly that neither
of the prisoners was given an opportu
nity to consult counsel. When notified of
hei husband's arrest Mrs. Gaynor at once
consulted Tachereau, her husband's at
torney. A tug was chartered and an at
tempt was made to overtake the boat on
which Gaj-nor and Greene were being
carried away.
After a short chase those on the pur
suing tug, seeing that It would be Impos
sible to overtake the detectives* boat, the
Spray, one of the swiftest boats on the
St. Lawrence, the pursuit was abandoned.
On returning to the city it was decided
to charter a special train and attempt to
head off the Spray at some point between
this city and Montreal.
When the two Americans first arrived in
Quebec they were followed by two men,
also from the United States, who regis
tered at the Chateau Frontenac. Their
movements led the hotel employes to be
lieve that they were detectives sent here
to watch Greene and Gaynor. It now de
velops that one of these men Is Detective
Burke of Florida.
GREENE IS ARRESTED.
QUEBEC, May 15.— John F. Gaynor and
W. D. Greene, who forfeited their ball at
Savannah, Ga., early In March and fled to
Canada, were placed under arrest by of
ficers connected with the United States
secret service and Chief Carter of the
Montreal detective force to-day.
Uncle Sam. Takes Strenuous M«ans to
Secure the Return of Colonel
Gaynor and W. D. Greene
to Georgia.
Captors Throw Them Aboard
a Tug and Start for
United States.
Two American Fugitives
Are Neatly Trapped
at. Quebec.
DETECTIVES
RESORT TO
KIDNAPING
THE SAK FK AuTCISGO ¦;GALL,v JFITIDAY,- MAY 16/ 1902;
Adblph Ochs of the New Tork Times "also
was an active bidder, but- ho stopped at
$1,830,000. . . • '" • •' -,' .
After the. two large blocks of stock and
bonds had been disposed of a lot of 150
shares of, Record Publishing • Company
stock was sold to Stenger for $220 a share.
5
¦ "* ¦ ¦ ¦•' "•_- ¦'**• ' ' //a ¦¦'-¦'¦' r ' "¦'¦'¦' ' <: . .-.'-. .'. ; . : ."¦-¦",.'.¦ . •:: -bT"^- j -¦.-¦¦ % '¦" • ' \" j '¦ ¦ if • i • "jv -:N*h^' ! •
:^ PiirnisSiiil^s
!'* ; l\ ''"'•'•¦ ¦•'¦'¦¦ ' " *'¦'¦ ' A great many mothers do not knov/ that we have the largest department
ill^^^ffi^Pj^Bl^ il\ • ¦ • : devoted to boys' and children's furnishings of any store in San Francisco.
i^^^^mMip^^^^SSimaMM^ • : Neither do they know that the prices are the most reasonable. What better
J^^S^iSll^^^^^^^S^^A ¦'¦'>i- way to ac q uain t them of these facts so important to them than to point out"
;^^^^^^^^^^^'^^^^^^PIw5 . This will be a good week in which to supply your boy with his needs in
Hm^^^HI^^/ ¦¦ ;^ ; ¦ Children's Underwear ¦
ill wmii TO^N^^^^^^^^/ /ill 111 f\UPiJ > ' 1 ' ••"¦•¦'.'. . Derby ribbed underwear, natural, drawers button on side, ages 3 to 8 years, 30c a suit.
1 l^^lr \w^ N^^^^^ ll 1 1 ill " - ' ' Sanitar y underwear, drawers button on side, ases 3 to 8. years, $1. 00 a suit.
¦ ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ; l |w^^^^ :: ;! : ¦ Boys' Underwear ' .
' , -./¦¦ \I\lcJiw\^\ <^%0^^^^^9-^^W\( ¦ " '« Blue derby ribbed underwear, ages 8 to 14 years, 50c a suit.
¦ ' • >! iflSliwlnfv^*-^iSi^^— — '^f ' p^ AS J ' . .! ¦ • BalbriK^an underwear, in ecru, ages 6 to *I4 years, 91«OO a suit. . . ". ". ,--• ¦
r ' '¦' ' '\w0b$m \ H/ \ ~~^ ¦'¦' v ne natural wool underwear, ages 8 to 14 years, $1. 00 a suit. ' - . •
1 '"¦ "n\v*v ; \ * NaturaPwool sanitary ( underwear, covered seams, ages 4 to 14 years, $1.50 a suit.
* r /ff/' .-..- ; •, % Shetland wool underwear, natural, ages 6 to I4t ?2. 00 a suit.
. : : \ il' ' ' •/ . -• \\ . Derby ribbed underwear, natural gray, ages 9 to 14 years, 7Oc a suit. :.:.JJiijjJJ]3J2J2i
Ready = :to - wear men's Paja ™ as fplli j I iM^kt
¦ ¦¦:¦;• ; ' "'¦-¦ '¦'¦¦'¦• -•¦¦¦•¦-•¦,¦ ¦'-•¦' --i- Made of madras, various stripes, ages II' H |HHBl M ,| \xBBJm vJhfttlS
suits for $7.50 B °y s ' Hosier yiyJ^^K
JB 1L*r « Three thread knee and foot and four H^^r^/^jS^**^ | -^^r/ j /v^
_, •.¦¦¦•'¦.-'¦ •*¦•' ¦¦¦¦-: ¦•;¦ ¦ -.__./% : " ; "¦ " '-' : ¦ ' : ' • thread heel and toe' hosiery, fast black, %¦ ?§r Jv I
The very unusual value in these suits at $7.50 willj result in many men s i zes 6 to 10 25c a pair jSf^-s^fiik W /^i **ji
buying them, though they expected to pay more.. When they.: see that, the ; • Tan hose> ' ligh { and dark shad( . s> sizes ~^^^
material is all wool, that the coat hangs well,- the vest fits snug and the trousers g to 9> 03c a pair. , ' r^%(^^iJ^\ ~J
set properly they will throw prejudice against a low-priced suit to the winds „ , , .. .. ' : , ¦'-. J" y\\ _^t> %&m HpS^
* ji ¦'¦¦¦¦¦ e A. -^ »-7 c/> • , r t Boys wash suits in a number of ma- wTi^w5T\s /Tl %¦'¦>•¦¦ '
andbuy,one of these at $7.50. ,' -;' ' ;- v .'7V >; • ' : t^&$^ij$^®&^^c^llg^W^jfe^ I d| , . .1
The suits come in light-weight tweeds" and~cneyiots in mixed patterns and- to $3.50 a suit. ' r v — - 'ps^am xjL^ v\ I
solid blue serges. , ;^ V ' .V ¦ - . \^ .- W ' T Boys' sailor wash hats in many mate- /\ I
The suits are priced so low because they are , sold.' .'direct -from .maker to rials; very swell; prices from 45c to S^C^ ."' iP^ <SM Jm-1 I
wearer, which means a saving of fully a quarter. and possibly a- third. .^1.50. . >v^^,^^^Sr^- • J^fflffi 1^ Vuf*
Each suit guaranteed. Your money's worth or your money. back; a year's Boys' wash caps, 25c and 45c. ' '¦ /£mKP^W[ VjjUi
repairing free with every garment we sell regardless of price/^ :^V^;: Boys , straw hats> differ ent shapes, \^@^^ Vl^^P^
Men s striped, worsted trousers in alot of swell patterns ; only $1.95 a pair. 50c to ?l.5O. V*^^ - \J0H» i"
A glance at our -windows :\ii^f \ k //v>v Vv^ £*>* Out-of-town orders filled
will always prove interest- t^'AL* Ww \j\ II 1 X)i il* —write us for anything in
'^^00i^^$^^j^^^ 'Vf . fly y¥%jJ men's or boys' clothing,
clothes, hats^i»f urnishings Market Street furnishings or hats
: ! San Francisco, Friday, 16 May, 1902.
Matting, 20 cents
Twenty -seven new patterns in jointless, linen- warp ;
matting just received from Japan. Your choice of this V
entire line, 20 cents the yard. On display in west window
to-day. / .
For real bed comfort while you sleep get our special,
woven wire— "The "_ Capital City." This wire mattress has ¦
a hard wood frame, covered with a. two-ply steel fabric, re-
enforced every six inches by ' a quadruple strand. The<
fabric is supported by four rows of 28 spiral springs rest- \
ing on crossed steel cables attached to ends . and sides of
v frame, all of which rest firmly on -wooden crossbars. Price
for double, three-quarter or single size,: $4.00. :
Best quality "Java silk floss mattresses, mad.e in our
own shops, $10.00. This price is for regular; double; bed-;
stead size. Three-quarter and single sizes, £9.60 and $8.06.
(Successors to California Furniture Co.) *
957 to 977 Market Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue.
San Franciscan's Who Have Been Decorated
/ With the Legion of Honor.
The Bunko Game of Old Madrid.
• How ** Confidence Mea" in Spain Arc Reaching Out for Susceptible -
San Franciscans.
Beautiful Women Who Will Attend King.
Coronation.
How Uncle Sam Captures Criminals.
By John E Wind* Chief of the Secret Serrlce,
-The Experiences of a Lady's Valet.
Home Magic, Puzzle Pictures, Fashions and
Human Interest Stories.
Pat and Heiny in New Adventures. u *;JThe. frame structure will be large
enough to permit of batting and in field
practice for the varsity baseball nine; it
will afford an excellent place for signal
practice for the football eleven and pro
vision will be made for jumping and pole
vaulting accommodations, in addition to
the track. .
The frame annex will, provide a -long
felt want at Stanford — that is, a place
where the varsity athletes may keep in
practice and training when bad -weather-
Interferes with outdoor- work. This will
eliminate .the unfavorable conditions un
der-which the Stanford track teams have
labored, for the trainers have often found
it necessary to suspend work for a fort
night at a time because of the condition
of the.'track.
The main building, which is to be three
stories in height and constructed of stone,
will be second to but one structure on the
campus so far as: architectural beauty
goes, and that is the .Memorial Church.
The -new structure will have a frontage
of 312 and a depth of 150 feet, in order that
it may correspond In size and shape with
the museum; of which it -is the architec
tural counterpart. A frame. building, lOOx
200 feet In dimensions, will be joined at.the
rear to the one of stone and in it are to
be nlaced an indoor athletic eight or ten
lap track and an indoor baseball . dia
mond. '.-,.- . : . ¦ :•!;•, r . vi ;C-'j
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 15.—
The -plans drawn by 'Resident 'Architect
C. E. , Hodeesfor the magnificent stone
gymnasium, . soon* to be erected on - the
campus, were made public yesterday and
the huge structure will surpass in beauty
and equipment any- gymnasium at pres
ent in existence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GYMNASIUM
AT STANFORD TO
BE THE BEST
WASHINGTON, May 15.— The following
Calif ornlans registered at the hotels ! to
day: At the Metropolitanr— F. A. Jaccary
and wife of San Francisco.. At. the Arling
ton—F. S. Wallace and wife of- Pasaden*.
"At the"Shorehanw Charles H. Kellogg-, of
Oakland. At the Ebbltt— Charles A. -Mar-o
deck of San Francisco. At the National —
J. Roche, J. Dies, A. B. Broyer and J.
McElroy of San Francisco, and Miss Jes
sie Snead and Miss Helen Snead of Los
Angeles. At the St. James— H. P. Lin
coln of Santa Barbara. At the Wlllard—
L. H. Hurst and wife, E. H. Merrill and
H. L. Paddock of San' Francisco. ,} •;¦
Californiaas in Wasblngtoiura ;^i
C. H. Riege, a merchant of Fresno, ta
here on a short business trip. He has
made his headquarters at the Lick.
. R. N. Hawley, connected with' the
United- States revenue cutter service, ta
at the- California., " ; :¦¦?.'¦.". *' %f?
Charles Gall .of the Crown Milling' Com
pany, Stockton, is among the visitors to
this city. . -. --.:-c.~;..',i .;';>¦ '-.-.< ':*•-
J. LJndeberg, president of the Piotieer
.Mining Company of Nome, Is at the Pal
ace.
D. C. Deznarest, a mining* man of An
gels Camp, is among the arrivals at the
Lick.
C. D. Haggard, a mining man of Plu
mas' County, is registered at the Occi
dental. ->, . v ; : . ¦ • : - -V i-'viiimSl
H. P- Martin of Sacramento Is at the
Lick.
A. E. Eisin, an extensive frtrtt grower
of Fresno, is a guest at the Grand.
John "NIven. a. business man of San
Diego, is a guest at the Occidental,';'
qeorge E. Gard, a United States Mar
shal at Los Angeles, is at the Grand.
George F. Jones, a well-known resident
of Oroville, Is registered at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION!^
CHICAGO, May .15.— Esther Dowie,
daughter of "Dr." Alexander Dowie. pro
prietor of Zion. died last night of burns.
having suffered for hours without medical
attendance, while "Elijah II" prayed for
her. :
Miss Dowie was 23 years of age and a
student at the University of. Chicago.
Yesterday morning her hair caught fire
from a gas jet and her head and face
were horribly burned. Nurses placed
salve on the patient's wounds, as tho
Dowie doctrine allows of the use of medi
cine externally. Meanwhile .the "divine
healer" was hurrying to. the bed3ide frpm
his new city of Zion, at,\Vaukegan.;t;pon
his arrival the attendants were. excluded
from 'the toon*' and; Dowie' ; jHtnk to/Hls
knees In prayer. His supplications lasted
all day. He refused to cease even to
take the nourishment which his followers
pressed upon him. The patient wa3 un
conscious most of the time, but even {his
did not move the father to breakfrom ni»
doctrine and send for medical aid. The
patient died at 9 o'clock In great agory,
having returned to consciousness a short
time before. News of the death did not
come out until to-day, when the Coroner
was notified. xl^ v-'* "•• J v^-
At the inquest "Dr." Dowie frequently
broke down under his grief. He declared
that his daughter's night robe had been
burned from her body, and that vasellue
had been rubbed on her by Deacon
Speicher's orders.- Speicher has a license,
to practice medicine. He declared ' that
during the afternoon the patient's condi
tion had becorne very serious and that
Dr. Campbell, a medical practitioner, had"
been sent for to consult with Dr. Speich-'
er. Campbell, the witness. said, had «ald
there was little hope. Dowie declared
that -when Esther regained consciousness
she asked him to pray J for her.- At no
time, he said, had she asked for medical
attendance. The jury then returned a
verdict that death was due to burns acci
dentally received. <~. '¦'?>¦£
DOWIE PRAYS
WHILE DAUGHTER
IS IN AGONY
Some of the firebrand - clacquers of our glorious
liavy are of the opinion { that"' we should try to give
Jtaly a "thrashing because^ she resented what .appears
to have -been the blackguardism , of a few. of ", Uncle
Sam's "naval representatives. ¦ ¦ If' Italy was fright we
should be^careful ¦ to select ; men .who; cannot give an
in suit , and are not in the category of blackguards.
China" is at 'last 'showing .the most encouraging
signs that she is emerging from the blackness and
social death of national \ stagnation. An j effort was
made the; other day to. assassinate the Emperor, ¦ and
•publicists 'feel that; other "¦.indications''. will /surely fol
low and warrant -_the belief that the Flowery King-,
dom will soon join the concert of nations. ¦
The ' ; Jean ' Hure^"Air," dedicated 'v .to-
Senor "Casals, showed' th^e r depth of sym
pathy and tenderness at the player's com
mand, and "the splendid "Elegie". of Ga
briel ¦; Faiire " his /wonderful bread th." The
accompaniments, were notable,^ everything
about s the ' programme was ; purely : enjoy
able and the affair one to be marked with
&• white , stone , in i the 1 memories ; of those
fortunate enough to.be presnt..
•~ Senor; Casals leaves for Paris next .week,
and" none i who "have T heard ¦": the Spanish
'cellist -wiUlworider: to hear of any height
that he may reach. ;
' The 1 programme, intended for^the,musi
cal ; elect,; included Beethoven, Bach and
Socqtelli sonatas,- with a. little, group of
modern French things, and in- all 'Senor
Casals seemed tb.be equally-. at home.
The Beethoven, with Mr. .Bendlx at the
piano, '..was "purely I delightful, and - ; the
Bach . (unaccompanied) . was given ; in the
most exquisitely : classic fashion.; The
picturesque. Socatelll sonata,' the piano
part- ably handled by Mr.'- Maurer, 'was
another -' -gem,. its i every-; significance
brought out with>the most brilliant intel
ligence' by theVcellist. '.':['' t~-~-~ ; ' }-\ '
The matinee ,musicale~ given to Senor
Pablo Casals at Steinway Hall yesterday
afternoon proved to, be possibly the most
interesting musical - function 'Of ; the, sea
son. Sehor "Casals was heard in a de
lightful programme, abry: assisted ' in its
Interpretation by Otto ' Bendix - and . Fred
Maurer.".' "A .large number, of musicians
welcomed the artists and applauded the
programme in . thunderous' fashion. ' All
the 'cellists in ! town were among the au
dience,, and all concurred : in the opinion
that Senor Casals Is by much the greatest
that has ever been heard here.' , He is ab
solute master of his instrument, his tech
nique perfection, .. his readings, marvelous
and "every phase of- the artist seems In
him to be developed to its utmost. ' i
Chancellor, of the . Exchequer Sir. Michael 'Hicks-
Beach has: made the extraordinary assertion' that it
is'necessary. to, impose Vadditionar taxation, on the
masses that they shall be" made to realize what war
and its preparations involve! ' This is- one way cer
tainly: of demonstrating: to the English people the
horror' oi the gigantic crime which has been com
mitted by their rulers. > '_¦.. ¦;¦
. Professor Birkelahd, whose electro-magnetic gun
was recently tested at Berlin with results which have
led some experts to believe that
will take the place of explosives :as a propelling
power for projectiles, is said to have discovered the
principle of his gun while , studying the aurora
borealis in Norway. It . is an . interesting" story, but
who would ever, have, supposed the aurora would fur
nish the \Vorld with a war weapon?
CITY'S MUSICAL ELEC1S
IS GIVEN RARE TREAT
While visiting Washington Lord" Kelvin appeared
before the House committee and gave a strong in
dorsement to the bill, saying he has frequently urged
the British Government to adopt the system. As
a rule all men of science have favored the measure,
but the manufacturers of, the country oppose it on the
ground that a very heavy loss would be. incurred in
making, the, change from one standard of measure
ment to another. Military and naval officers also de
clare that to make the change compulsory, - would
It is quite probable that an attempt to bring about
the general use of the metric system ia this country
by a drastic measure of compulsion. would be unpop
ular and would rouse a discontent that would go far
to defeat the desired object,- but still it is not easy
to see how the improvement can be brought about
by any other means. The way to adopt the system
is to adopt it, and that can be effected only by gov
ernmental action, for it is only through the Govern
ment that there .can be brought -about that wide
spread, simultaneous acceptance of the change- which
is essential to its success. ' It required a - legislative'
act to reform the calendar, to. establish a decimal sys
tem of currency. and. to make other improvements of
a similar kind. .The objection to the 'so-called "force
bill" on this subject is therefore invalid. /If the met
ric system be good enough to be adopted at all it
should be adopted. by law. '
AFRESH effort has been made by the advo
cates of the adoption by, this country of the
metric system of measurements to carry their
plan through Congress at .this session, and the result
is they have obtained from the House Committee on
Coinage, Weights and Measures a favorable report
upon the Shafroth bill. As the bill imposes the metric
system upon, every' department of the United States
Government and niakes it the. legal standard of the
country after July 1,-1904, in all unofficial work and
trade, it has become known among the opponents of
the system as the "metric force bill," and a good deal
of opposition has been arrayed against it.
_ -
THE METRIC "FORCE" BILL.
One would suppose that some principle of ethics
or high purpose in municipal politics were at stake
in the frantic efforts of contestants to become the
Clerk of the local Justices' courts. It is only, how
ever, another exhibition of what men will do for the
crumbs of office.
"St. Pierre had few troubles.^ Once, in
deed, it had a terrible epidemic of small
pox, but that was"- long ago. " It waa
spared the tropical hurricanes by the pro
tection afforded by. giant Mont Pelee." • .
"The harbor was ' a busy scejie. Three
hundred ' hands unpacked American
canned, goods and shipped wines to
France. The traders moved to and fro on
the water front, and the women; carriers
with their, loads : on , their heads went
busily, along the streets. ' : ¦
"For plctur.esqueness and uniqueness St.
Pierre was unequaled by any city In the
"West Indies. I was particularly impressed
by the gayety of the inhabitants. The
Creole haB ever.- a" jest for the 1 stranger.
They are hospitable, friendly/ Jolly and
lipht-hearted. Waked every morning at
5 o'clock by. the Angelus.they lived* what
seemed a charmed life.
"I little thought when I wrote that
prophecy that 'it would be so soon* ful
filled," said. Dr. Smirnow. , "The Images
of the Virgin Mary and the innumerable
crosses posted on every mountain top did
not avail to stay the fury of the moon
tain. /.:.v-V
The writer, under . the spell of .the beau
tiful town," begirt with majestic moun
tains, had written in his happiest vein of
the charming city. : " ' .
prophecy, written two years ago in
St. Pierre by Dr. Louis Smirnow of New
Haven and published In his book of
poems, "A Candle Light," has come true.
Of growth luxuriant and fragrance strong.
There, too, there most abounds Immortal death.
Lives In each glare and dwells In every breath.
They seem to say. and seem to teach
That in the land where beauty lingers long,
Where plants the highest stages reach
BOET FORETOLD
V DESTRUCTION
OF ST. PIERRE
The situation is not without admonition to the Re
publican party. Being practically without opposi
tion it will need wisdom and self-control to keep it
out of the excesses which are natural to a 1 party under
such circumstances. Without such self-denial its
misfortune will come, probably not from the existing
¦ discordant and weak Democracy, but from some new
movement, conjured out of many fragments, as was
the Republican party in. 1856
It may be that Croker knew that the end had come
and made a virtue of necessity by stepping down in
favor of Nixon, careless of what might follow, or it
may be that he really sought to cleanse the robes of
Tammany and make it a respectable organization.
Whatever may have been his motive, the suspicion
that Nixon would cleanse the party and compel both
political and personal respectability has caused his
downfall and will probably put Tammany perma
nently in a minority in New York. It has had de
fenders heretofore who affected to see in it merely a
finely drilled and ably led political body, with no
more indirection in its methods or dirt on its hands
than \.as to be expected of a political body in a great
city. These defenders have treated its offenses as
incidents only, impinging upon a general uprightness
of purpose. The resignation of Nixon has reversed
all this. Tammany appears now with indirection and
shady politics as its purpose, and the few tatters of
virtue it displays as mere incidents, while the whole
body of its purpose :s wrong, a partnership with vice
and a means of controlling the lowest social elements,-,
not for their uplifting, but to recruit their- ranks.
Heretofore men of good character have not beenj
altogether ashamed to train >^ith Tammany, though |
none such has been suspected of dictating its meth
ods or sharing in its spoils coming from crime and
vice. Hereafter it may be doubted whether any such
men will be found in its ranks.
¦ Nixon's resignation is a distinct political sensation.
Taken in connection with Mr. Bryan's weekly as
sault upon every man in the party who seems likely to
become prominent as a nominee in 1904, it increases,
the difficulties of the reorganizes and defers still
further the time hoped for when the party would be
restored to popular confidence. That hope was
largely founded upon Nixon's supposed ability to
jjurge Tammany of the evil reputation left by, Tweed,
Kelly and Croker. That done, with a renewal of the
old alliance between Tammany and the South, there
seemed to be some hope of putting the Democracy,
in line for success. But the plan has failed. Bryan
quarreled with Nixon, has abused Hill, Lamont and
Watterson, and the situation looks a good deal like
a f|ud over probating the estate of a deceased bank
rupt.
In Tweed's time Mr. Oakey Hall, a man of re
spectable character, was Tammany's Mayor, but with
the express understanding that his respectability was
to be personal and not official. To this he consented,
and his character served as an ambush behind which
Tweed ruled and robbed the city with a generosity of
dishonesty that was almost royal. So it has been with
every Tammany Mayor who lias served under Tweed,
Kelly and Croker down to Van Wyck. But it was
suspected that Shepard would be officially respec
table, and the rank and file, the gangs that live on
the festering vices of the great city, the touts and
heelers, were languid in their support and Low won.
THE sudden resignation of the leadership of
Tammany by Mr. Nixon adds to the complica
tions that distract the national Democracy.
When Croker selected Mr. Shepard as his candidate
for Mayor against Mr. Low it became evident that
the role of respectability then assumed was not
fitted to the Tammany organization. That wonderful
body has maintained itself for a long time by control
ling elements that are not recognized as respectable in
politics. A nominee, to succeed, had to be under
stood and recognized as willing to stand as a figure
head, while the chief of Tammany was the actual
power in the government of the city.
HEADLESS TAMMA.NY.
That the United States needs some stimulus,
toward the establishment of a higher technical train-;
ing to fit young men'; to improve our industrial.meth
ods is probably true; although we are doing a great
deal in that way. Some of our technical institutes
are attracting students from Europe itself. • ,' Still we
are behind Germany, and it behooves us to. catchup.
We must not rely too much -upon native energy arid
natural resources.' Having . the; richest possibilities
ir: the world, we must -fit ourselves to make the best
By way of applying his report to the American
people the Consul says: "Have we sufficient scien
tific education of the best grade, and are our educa
tional institutions in close enough touch with the
manufacturers to supply their needs?. If not we are
hampered in competition with our great commercial
rival, which" enjoys i this complete co-operation."
Reviewing the course of ".instruction in the em
pire the Consul says the young German is called
upon to decide early in life whether he will take' a
classical or scientific course. If he chooses the lat
ter he is trained for the Polytechnicum, or institute
of technology, ,\vhich is from the universi
ties. The faculties of th^se institutions keep in touch
with the manufacturers,' and when capable young
men graduate they easily find situations.
, By the application of science to industry the Ger
mans have not only-'imprpved old industries .but;de
vised new ones. The invention of a process of manu
facturing 1 artificial indigo started, an industry which
now gives employment to 6000 men arid a staff of 148
skilled chemists.' The German scientists have also
discovered 'a method of obtaining ground slag from
steel processes which is - used , as ' a fertilizer, and
Great Britain, although 1 she "'produces as much steel
as Germany, has become . a good customer for the
article.
The Consul points cut in the first place that tech
nical education had its beginning in Germany long bo
fore the Franco-Prussian war and that its good results
wej2 soon observable. '•'•' Sixty years ago Liebig had
fifty" students working in his factory, aind to-day there
are in German factories -;' '4500 thoroughly trained
chemists, with more, than 5600 assistants whose
brains are continually at .work -upon problems of im
proving proces'ses'-'of industry arid lessening the cost
of production. : . ; . : ; • * : -: ; 7:
The development of the siigar Tnduatry is cited a3
an example of the profits derived from applying
science to industry. " In '1840 the Germans were able
to extract from their beets only 5^ per cent of raw
sugar. In i860 they .were able to extract 8 per cent
Last year the percentage of sugar obtained was raised
to 13 per' cent. The. advance was entirely due,, to
scientific . research, and the increase of . wealth ob
tained from . it is to be attributed to education and
not to state aid. Another illustration^ of the same
truth is found, in the growth of the industry engaged
in the production: of dry colors, chemicals and dyes.
In. 1874 the total output of such products in" Ger
imahy'was-but $6,6o6,oop, while.in A898,Inotarithstand
ing a large decrease in the price of the articles, the
output, was valued at $30,000,000.
>'.>—> \ONSULAR REPORTS for May contains an
I ¦¦•(' article -by ; Ozifhan of. Stuttgart on
'.'-The Practical Application of , Scientific
Education in Germany/' which goes far to explain
the enormous successes; achieved by the Germans in
industry and commerce. These successes have been
in recent years one of the marvels of our, time. Some
authorities have attributed them to the stimulus given
to German enterprise by the establishment of the
empire and the huge indemnity exacted ft*ai France.
Others have sought to find their origin in the aid
and subsidies granted to various' industries n by the
Government. Each of those factions doubtless
counts for much in the problem, but Consul Oz
man's report affords good reason for believing that
scientific training applied to business, has done more
for Germany than Government aid and the - French
indemnity combined. ' , ' "
THE" GERMAN METHOD.
.'. Kiiig, the preacher convict,- -seems, "determined to
•hazard- his .opportunities to 'gain some more
ences'm the penitentiary. *rle tried to brain" one of
liis pals', the otherday, but he should have a carevthat
the hangman, not the -Warden, is the last official to
deal with murder.' Besides; Mr.' King should not rob
himself of the. chances of imposing again at some
remote timeiupon^the public. . ¦¦-
FRIDAY MAY i6, 1902
.'OHN D. 5 PR ECKELS. Proprietor.
tilita M CtaicrticttSco to F. B. LtAKE, HeatgBr.
TELEPHONE.
£*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect 1
Ten With the Department You Wish. i
TtrnLXCATIOX OFFICE... Market nnd Third. S. F.
liDlTOHIAL HOOMS 217 to 231 Stevenson St.
CiellTerctt tir Cnrrlerx. 15 Cmf Vcr Wcete.
Stnclc Cop!r«. . B Cent*.
**»: Tertni" »•?¦ Mntl. Inclndtapr PoRtnsri
CAILT CAT^ *lnelii<J!Rs fiun^ay),' eoe year t<t- M
DAILY CALL flncluaimr Sunday). « months *.O<»
X>Air.T CALL rmclsdlajc Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAH.T CALL — iiy Slnpte Month. 8Se
etTKDAY CALL. On« Year l.fWt
WEEKLY CALL. One Year 1.00
All pontiusfttrrn nre nnthorlzed (o recelre
snlncrljilloiiK.
Eemrle copJ'« will \v fsmrfn) wft»n requested.
Among those present were: General W.
H. L. Barnes, "William Alvord, Colonel
H. P. Bush, Colonel William R. Smed
berg, .Colonel Thomas. Sperry, ex-Chief of
Police Patrick- Crowley, E. M. L Greene,
Colonel C. Mason Kinne, B. Pike, WiJHam
Fisher, I* A. Saaiaeld, P. H.v Smith; M.
Schlbss, B. Schloss, E. P. Ely, W. J.
Adams, ,W,,M. Weil, P.. I. Fisher, W. B.
Latham,. J. H. Gates', G. S. Graham, JV;.
J. Tuska, Phil .1. Manson and J. ..Mendel-.:
so,n. "'.',-j\- ' '~ .-'"""'.¦ ¦ • '. .• ~ • : . ¦•'-'¦'.-•¦¦¦.
j Odell and party/will , leave. to- ;
day 'for- Del ? Monte, on a special |rainYat
10 o'clock. ,,He will' leave there foV a.trlp
through the Yosemite next Tuesday^
- At the close of Governor ,Odell's speech
the assembled members one by one were
introduced to him by General Barnes. For
each one of them, the Governor had a
hearty handshake, and a pleasant word.
.Thank : you for the button. I will always
wear it and remember under what pleasant cir
cumstances it came to my • hand.' ' ;
•I understand that the New York 8ociety was
formed at the time of the Spanish war, - and
one of Its purposes was to welcome back the
soldiers from the Philippines. I can readily
understand this. New York has -from the ear
liest history of this country shown itself ready
to help; !n. every, way possible the national
Government. When I look at you all here, gath
ered around me, I can certainly understand
why you left your native State.. I can't blame
you— I have experienced many of the delights of
California — and yet I know In your hearts that
many times your memories go back | to your
boyhood days in the Empire State. "
INTRODUCED TO GTJEST.
" I have on my. tour visited the South, as well
as the West, and am proud of the sentiment
expressed and the good feeling shown to. New
York. This is quite a novelty, after the ex
perience we have had dealing with Congress,
which has been anything but pleasant. ,¦
It is with great gratification that I learn I
have been elected a member of your order.
I can readily understand . that the forming of
the society was actuated through love ' for the
old spot' of your birth. I am not surprised to
hear, that you natives of^ New York lead a
strenuous life— they are always noted for active
interests in business affairs. It. is with great
pleasure that I am here in this empire of the
West," and I feel assured that the New York
ers will do their share to build up and help
to improve this great country. V. ¦ *
"We are here, Governor, to welcome the exec
utive head of our native State, and we most
cordially greet you. j We also .wish to Inform
you that you are elected a member of the New
Yorkers. : . . -
Governor Odell replied in accepting the
button: ' - ': : •¦.
ELECTED < A MEMBER.
Governor Odell: '.The gentlemen you see be
fore you are hero to represent the organization
of the New Yorkers.- That there are not more
present illustrates the fact we all lead a strenu
ous life," out here- and many are "denied the
pleasure; of meeting you here to-day owing to
business demands.'., &
Upon the arrival, of the distinguished
guest "General W. H. L. Barnes in a brief
speech notified * him that" he had been
elected; ah honorary., member of the' New
Yorkers, arid on. behalf of the organiza
tion presented him' with a handsome blue
and; gold, button of the order.* General
Barnes said: • '
The reception began at 3 o'clock, and at
that * time about twenty members of . the
New York : Society were present, waiting
to be presented to Governor Odell. Col
onel H; P.' Bush and "Colonel: C. Mason
Kinne were, delegated as a committee to
escort the guest into the' room. - . ' : .'
A pleasant i little reunion occurred . yes
terday afternoon, at the Palace Hotel,
when'Go'vernor. Odell ; of New -York* was
tendered an": informal reception "by the
members of- the New York Society of Cali
fornia. This association is formed by res
idents of California who claim the Em
pire State as their birthplace.
Of course the exchange made on Puget Sound will
increase with local population and production, and
they will contribute to local profit .and to the growth
of Seattle. But San Francisco, in the lush-abun
dance of production . in California, from resources
that are only scratched superficially, feels no fear of
her own future and" no jealousy pf the future of
Seattle. '¦_£' :
It is that sort of theoretical greatness which has
been used by the boom cities. Fort Scott, Kans., tried
to alarm the world by publishing a map showing
that town to be in the center of the earth. But im
mediately the town of Hutchinson issued a map
proving that it was the center of the planet. • Then
many other towns made the discovery that the hori
zon is a perfect circle around any given^ point of the
globe and that every place is the center of the earth.
Then everybody breathed easier, and as the town of
Hutchinson had extensive and profitable salt .wells
it immediately proceeded to outrun and outgrow
Fort Scott, and the latter has only a few miles; of
lot stakes to show for the advantages of its central
position.
Trade depends^ upon something besides geography
and imaginary, commercial circles. The trade cen-,
ters of Europe have shifted many times and may shift*
again. Wisby, in the far and frozen northj once con
trolled the trade of that hemisphere, and so did Ven
ice, . and after her Genoa, in the soft and clement
south. Then it passed the pillars of Hercules to the
Low Countries, and finally crossed the channel to the
British Isles.
" The immediate presence of production ' ; arid con
sumption is. a factor in centering trade. The fric
tion of exchange deposits the profit of commerce.
The enormous _ and varied production of California
is the stable quality in the commerce of San Fran
cisco. Trade that merely passes "through a place
from a distant point of production to a distant point
of exchange deposits no profit in transit. .The ad
vantage claimed for Seattle, and proved by a great
circle that has no more substantial existence and in
fluence than the witch circles that used to terrify the
superstitious, is an advantage shared equally by
Bitter Creek, Medicine Bow, Puyallup, Walla Walla
and every station on the Northern Pacific and Great
Northern through which trains pass carrying freight
to a far away point of exchange. . > -Vj
After ali it is not worthy the commercial dignity
of that enterprising »city. If a circle artist should
draw his pencil through the Atlantic Ocean the
same sort of a line would locate all the trade of the
Atlantic seaboard with Europe at Portland, Me.,
leaving New York a small speck made by a small fly
in an idle moment.
It is a most depressing circle and is quite 'enough
to cause a fall in real estate in this city. It is intro
duced with the statement that "the bulge of the earth
favors Puget Sound," and gives Seattle the bulge on
San Francisco. 'Looking at the f6rmidable and ad
monitory chart, one wonders at the self-denial of
our. enterprising neighbor. While inventing trade
circles and stringing them around the planet like
seams on' a baseball this portentous line might as
well have been thrown over San Francisco with the
statement that it compel^ us to go to Seattle to do
our shopping.
The last demonstration of this kind is rather in
teresting. The Post-Intelligencer graces its pages
with a map of the globe, embracing the hemisphere
from about Winnemucca to Borneo. Across this is
drawn Hogarth's line of beauty, a curve that starts i
at the Anaconda copptr mine, crosses the Siskiyou
Mountains, plunges into . the Pacific hajf ¦ way be T ;
twecn Seattle and San Francisco, and goes whizzing
across the ocean to New Guinea. This is called "The i
Great Circle dividing the" globe into trade hemi
spheres." All the trade north of it belongs to, Seattle.-
That city has filed a caveat on it. The trade south 1
of it is given to San i Francisco, and consists of the
commerce of the Society. Islands, Hawaii, a small
piece of New Guinea and a few miles of the coast of
Australia. "
But Seattle pays this city the^complimerit of con
stantly attacking its primacy in commerce, showing
its mislocatioru lack of facilities and its forlorn situ
ation generally.
SAN FRANCISCO has not indicated any fear or
jealousy of Seattle and her growing trade. The
frequent statement of its percentage' of increase
has caused no disquiet here, because starting at zero
any trade must be stated at once in hundreds of per
cent increase. . .' "Tv
SEATTLE AND THE BUDGE.
NEW YORKERS
GIVE GREETING
TO GOV. ODELL
.compel the replacing, of all the. machinery in navy
yards : and» -military ' construction . shops and cause- a
heavy loss..., . . , /\
Objections' made on the score of cost are valid and
merit consideration even from the scientists who
are most eager to put into effect the metric measure
ments. To many persons, they appear, as insuperable
arguments against the system. On the other hand,
when attention is given to the fact that'there are in
different countries f arid' localities sixty different
"inches," 135 different lengths of the "foot," 235 dif
ierent weights for the "pound," it will be evident
that it would be^better for industry and commerce, as
well as for science, to have a common' aniform sys
tem of weights -and measurements arranged on the
decimal plan and based- upon scientific principles,
even if we do> have to pay a'big : price to: get it in
operation. .¦>'.".-";*. '','':'• .'.'';*._"'. '-¦:''.¦ 'V -'
6
THE SAN FR^NOISGO CALTi, FK1DAY-, MAY 16, 1902.*
B. F. Brisac, executor of the estate of
Mary A. Henarie, paid $10,000 to the offi
cials .of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to' Animals yesterday in accord
ance with the terms of the will of i the
deceased. • 1:7.* ,. ; ;
Humane Society Gets $10,000.
. Woodward's Pavilion" Is well known to
local residents. It Is in this structure
that all the prizefights of note have been
fought. TheJlot on which the present
property Btands is 205 feet long on Valen
cia street and 180 feet on Stevenson
street. The stockholders in the new ven
ture _ are Frederick Belasco, Sam Thall
D.-R. McNeil and Jacob Green. »v
Belasco & Thall, managers of the Alca
zar and Central theaters, gained posses
sion yesterday of. the Woodward's Pa
vilion property on Valencia street, near
Fourteenth, and intend ' converting the
building into a veritable Madison Square
Garden. They secured a lease of fifteen
years on the building. Improvements will
be made and the 'present structure; con
verted into a place where prizefights, the
atrical : performances;' athletic contests
and shows can be held. Many thousands
pf dollars, will be spent in Improving the
property.- - ¦-.•¦:.,¦.
Messrs. Belasco and Thall Intend
Converting Present Structure Into
a Madison Square Garden.
WOODWARD'S . PAVTLION ~" it
LEASED B7 LOCAL MEN
Work on the big structure will be com
menced during the -summer vacation, and
will be rushed to • completion .as fast as
possible. Every "one "at -.the university is
rejoicing over the prospect. It is believed
that Mrs. Stanford will, in addition, order
the -construction' of . athletic grounds and
grand f sfands in 4 the immediate vicinity of
the' gymnasium. ; . . * ' ;
•The third floor will be devoted to a large
ballroom and banquet- rooms. An ade
quate place for the college and class so
cial functions, particularly » the class
dances, is an urgent necessity, which the
new gymnasium win provide for. The
ballroom will be 100 feet square. -
The drill hall, with an area of 10,000
square feet for gymnastic maneuvers and
drill, ,wlll be located on the second floor.
On three sides of the drill hall, at an
elevation of twenty feet, galleries will be
constructed twenty feet in width, giving
an available floor space of 6000 square
feet. Here will be placed all the station
ary apparatus, so tbat the drill hall may
be entirely unimpeded. To the rear of tho
galleries rooms will be constructed for the
use of students interested in boxing,
wrestling and fencing. In addition offices
will be % provided for the gymansium in
structors and assistants on the second
floor, laboratories for anthropomentic and
other experimental work, a • library •' of
standard gymnastics and athletic publica
tions and a temporary committee-room
for. the board of trustees of the univer
sity. " - ... ./..
The first floor of the stone building will
be devoted to baths, lookers, handball
courts, bowling - alleys, athletic training
quarters and the student body treasur
er's office and supply . rooms. Locker 'ac
commodations will . be provided for 2000
students and near to them shower, needle,
steam and tub baths will be arranged,
with a " plunge 30x72 feet in dimensions.
Four bowling alleys will be constructed
and six handball' courts, with galleries
over them, where spectators may witness
the handball tournaments.
Burnett's Vanilla Extract Is tbe fixed stand-
ard of excellence. Has outlived criticism. Is tha
finest.- purest vanilla extract that can be bocrht.
The Northern Pacific Railway la the best,"
cheapeat and aulckest route. From Lewiston
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good wayon roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from which point*
the trails Into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc.. address T. K. STATELEIC
G. A.. «7 Market st.. S. F. " ->• .
P? Going to Thunder MotxntatnAf? '
In an average year San Francisco ex-
ports wine to the valus .of 4S0O,00O to the
various part* of the Union, and to torsizn
ports. to tbe. valua of Jl.129.000. mtfch of the
latter export going to Hawaii; China, Jan-
an and Central America, s i ,. ,•
Townsend's . Calif ornla glace fruit, 50c a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap. bask-
ets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
639 Market st.. Palace Hotel building. •
Special Information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Iress Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali-
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Note 81 4th (front barber and grocery),
ffen. cyeglaaaea, specs. 10c to 40c 9 to 5. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'a.*
STATEMENT Cf CIRCULATION OF
TH,E SA« FRANCISCO CALL,
Month of April, 1902^
April 1 Gt,::SO April 1C .59,070
April 2 (i!),:«M) j Aj.ri! 17 59,570
April :i •;«>.]-<<» Ajtril IH «O,3««
April 4 <E<>.iT<»«> .V»v-4.1 1O 60,400
April n <;o. 110 April 2O. . .* 71.1OO
April « 7»M».";O April 21 .*>!>,7nO
April 7 OU.11O April 22... 59,4'JO
April s «o.r;:io a pril u:» 09,740
AprlJ O CO.'^1>O April 'i\ .00,570
April I<» 5!»,OM> April 25 C1,1«O
April 11. C!»,7«0 ! April 2«. GO,«()O
April 12 OO.<;r,u I April 27 73,7JK>
April l.'C 7<>.S<;i» i April O1.OCO
April 14 OO.IKO I April 1M> OO,4SO
April 15 . .00,250 j April 3O Ol,«7O
Total. .' 1.S55.71O
STATE OP CAMFOHKIA. ¦ J
CITY AND COUNTY OF PAX FRAXCISCO. \ 8S "
On this ll'th day of Mry 3J>02 p«T5OHBlly appeared before
ine. WliHam T. H«^s. a Xetary Public in and for the city and
I county aforesaid. \\\ J. Martin who being sworn Recording
to jaw- declares thst he is the business manager of The San
Francisco Call, a. daily newspaper published In the city and
county c. San Francisco. State of California, and that there
were pnntej and distributed durinc the month -of April. 19C2.
cne million eight hundred and fifty-five thousand seven hun-
ored and ten U.S55.710) copies of the paid newspaper, which
number divided by thirty (the number of days of issue) gives
an average dally circulation of C1.S57 copies.
KKAL. _ " j W. J. MARTIN.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 12th day of May,
JR02. W. T. HESS.
Notary Public In end for the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. State of California, room 1015 Claus Spreckels bulld-
:ng. ¦ _ '
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG T01SH FOB. THE SUMMER
Call ¦nl>Kcrll»?r* contemplating; * cfcnngre ol
rtddeBce dnrlnx the «nmmtr months can htTe
ihclr paper (orn-arded by mall to tbelr new
¦ddreiiei by notifying The Call Bnilneif Office.
Thin paper Trill alno be on Bale at all summer
reaorts and la renreaented ujr a local asrrnt In
nil totvn* on tbe coaat.
I t Y r * nn0 " nce fox two days (and for. Monday iJ there isanv lefrt H
| a sale' oHaundered .bosom shirts at a price that makes it poSle for M
g you to buy. two shirts^ for the price of one. Possible lor |j
I i S !^ rts a f e made w6ven madras cloth' and Garner's h«t II
| percale; the colors are absolutely fast; 'the workmanshb is ifke I :
|insth 9Un4 m CUSt ° m - made shirts; each shirt is SffS and I
H They comprise a broken assortment* in • ewe '**.'• ., H'
|.si zes .from;i 4 to 1 7 V> are represeSTn thi snins^ as rS £ '-I
Hi not m.any one pattern.. But 'likely you will finH -i, \ whole - but M
| when you consider that thei shirts' orfg°Salli^ sold fofSf J °", nt 11
iand'theyare^^nowito be had .( or^ original| y so!( l for $i.oo and $1.50 I
i Out-of-town orders m/ed^-trrite us. ||
I 718 Market Street * |The proposition to change from, an open
ballot to a secret ballot for the election
of grand officers was defeated.
' During the afternoon the election for
high officers was held. Max Boehm, who
for twelve consecutive years held the of
ilce of high chief ranger, * concluded
that having served the order well during
that time and done much to bring it to
its present state of prominence he was
entitled to a rest, so he declined to allow
his name to be presented for nomination.
The ballots taken resulted in "the choice
of the • following named: J. B. Sanford
of Mendocino, high chief ranger; O. M.
Goldaracena of San Francisco, high sub
chief ranger; G. W. Lunt of San Francis
co, high treasurer, sixth year; J. J. Rob
erts of Oakland, high court secretary; W.
Deputy A. U. Field, one of the official
organizers, occuped the attention of the
delegates for some time with a detailed
account of his work.
it was decided to continue the Forest
ers' Advocate as the official organ of the
order. ¦ \
The report of the committee on tha
state of "the order was presented and
adopted. This shows a gain in two years
of more than 2000 members and the addi
tion of forty-eight new courts.
At yesterday morning's session of the
subsidiary High Court of the Ancient
Order of Foresters the- high chief
ranger received a letter of -fraternal
greeting from the Grand Lodge of Odd
Fellows.
Those Who Will Govern
Order for Next Two
Years Elected.
NEW OFFICERS
OF FORESTERS
Knocked Down by a Car.
. Harry ' Boren, .¦ a surveyor employed : on
thoUnited States survey, ship jMacArthur,'
.was ' struck ' by *a ' ! San : Mateo /car • about ' 9
The ; Shoe Manufacturers' 'Sale.
: . Ladles' $2.50 - shoes ' for ; $1.00 at . the Bee
Hive Shoe Co.,,717 Market St., nr. Third. •,
. John H." Dickinson, ' attorney for Mrs.
Ed . Gallagher 1470 San Bruno r avenue,
filed a protest yesterday against, locating
the pound on San Bruno avenue adjoining
his ; client's residence. Mayor Schmltz's
appointee*, as poundmaster, William Er
win, is i preparing ito erect the pound on
,the site described. Dickinson states that
the :, establishment .¦ of t the pound ', at ,' that
placer will ; ruin surrounding property, for
rental purposes^- "vv;'- j : -• ¦-..-- ; ..-;v ,~- ; ,••
•I.. V;.t ... . ¦ . f .
Objects ¦ to" New Pound.
,. Stylish all-wool : men's suits .and . over
ccats. that are .worth $15 for $5.85 at : the
Manufacturer's ' Clothing Sale, 915 Market
street, opposite. Mason.'. / ¦ •>¦ *).
Plenty Suits . for Men.
: Last night's production of "The 1 Singing
Girl" at the Tivoli Opera-house was given
through the courtesy of W. H. Leahy' as
a benefit to the San Francisco Machinists'
Lodge-No.' 1 6S, which^ received the entire
receipts.. Ferris Hartman, having served
his - time as a machinist, redoubled
his efforts last night in the. part of Prince
Pumpernickelr which'* he. t. made even
funnier than. usual.' ' ¦ :
Machinists' Benefit Packs Tivoli.
The San Francisco Epworth League Alli
ance $ he.u its ' quarterly rally j last even
ing at Grace/Methodist Episcopar Church.
The rally was large and enthusiastic and
the programme ' had been admirably ar
ranged. ..'".; . • : >, f:
After a most, enjoyable musical pro
gramme had been performed the Rev. E.
P. Dennett of.Alameda First Church do-'
llvered ' a profound * and stirring I address,'
the subject, being -"The Master Passion.*'
The. lecturer said that the God passion
created a mighty enthusiasm and convic
tion. It.. was the "supreme passion of
which man's soul was capable.. There was
no , force so ; great and strong as the God
passion, v. said - : Mr. Dennett, '. for ; : it - was
faithful unto death. ;- It stood for truth,
for, character,' and ¦ it .xf&s :the duty ¦ of 'all
to see that the God passion 1 had the right
of way.' •"-'•¦ ¦':¦¦ ''--.- ¦¦ ' ' ,"•' V .r-' v .' -:•„.-<;
?: Dr. 'W. i W.'i Case .;. spoke . of , the district
convention at , College. Park, : in , which ' he
described I the ' fervor of ¦ the 'participants.'
. ..; After the address- the assemblage joined
at the festive board. -' . .
Case Deliver Addresses Before
: Enthusiastic Gathering.'
Rev. Mr. Dennett and Dr. W. W.
EPWORTH ' LEAGUE MEETS
V -IN FRATERNAL UNION
F. E. Dunne, a driver for, the California
Milk Company, was taken to the Harbor
Hospital last evening, ; suffering from a
strained back and possible Internal in
juries. He was driving down the Lom
bard-street hill when his team became
frightened , at some < children and ran
away. \ . Dunne i was thrown out . and . the
wheels of the wagon passed over his body.
After, having his injuries attended to he
¦was removed . to his : home at 1414 Castro
street. It is not thought that his injuries
will result fatally. . . -
Injured by a Runaway Team.
Gifts Are Exempt From Duty.
To those who have friends or relatives
in. the military service- in the Philippines
tho following communication from the
Secretary of the"* Treasury to the Secre
tary of War- will prove of much interest:
In reply to your, letter of the. 10th instant,
I have the honor to state that articles sent
by mail as gifts or , souvenirs , to members, of
their families in the United States by Boldlers
and other persons in the service of the United
States in the Philippine Islands may be de
livered to the addresses by Postmasters without
the Intervention of customs officers "under : the
order of the President.
Printers' Aid Society Picnic.
\ The fifteenth anniversary ; picnic . and
family excursion of the Union Printers'
Mutual Aid Society will be held at "Fair
fax Park, Marln County, on Thursday,
June 12. ', The committee having the affair
in -charge : are exerting 1 every A effort; to
make it the most successful outing ever
given by the society. Games of all kinds
for -which valuable prizes will be 'given
will be among the attractions " of ' tho
day.
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
V ' The ' quickest and • most convenient -way', In
and" out of tho Yosemite /Valley, is v by way of
the Santa Fe, '.If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a.' m. i on' the California Limited. you
are In Tosemito to-morrow at 5 p. ; m.- •. ; .. .
-.-.- Califs at' Santa Fe ticket . of flee, ' «41 Market
¦tr«et,.~ for illustrated pamphlet and 'full -par
ticulars.^, v. ' ¦ • '
He wrote a letter from Wadswbrth,
Nev., to W. J. Biggy, ' proprietor of the
laundry, 1 that he had been driven to take
the money to get away from this city, be
cause he, had been brooding, over things
and his . back/ was troubling him. . He
asked Biggy's forgiveness and said he^had
Instructed his relatives to recoup Blggy
for the money stolen. * - -
Eavey had the combination of the safe
and early Sunday morning he went to the
Office, opened the safe and stole. $77, which
had been left to pay the wages of the
girls employed JJ in the laundry Monday
morning. He was seen by the watchman,
to whom he explained that he had come
to clean the office windows.
Captain Seymour was notified yesterday
that Earl -L. Eavey, the defaulting clerk
of the United States Laundry on Sixteenth
street, had been arrested in Denver and
the necessary papers for his extradition
were at once prepared. Detective George
W. T. McMahon left yesterday afternoon
for Sacramento to get the papers signed
by the Governor and wlllthen proceed to
Denver to bring Eavey back.
With the Necessary Papers fox
.^ His Extradition.
Detective George McMahon Leaves
LAXTNDBY CLEEK EAVEY /
ARRESTED IN DENVER
¦ J. A. .Gaines of Annona, Tex., has writ
ten' to ' the Board of Health for Informa
tion regarding his son, Walter S. Gaines,
who he thinks died or was killed in this
city last March. The father states -that
he deposited a sum of money in bank to
pay for the embalming of his son's re
mains and- to ship the body to Paris,
Tex.", for burial. He did this after re
ceiving a telegram purporting to have
been sent from the United States army
general hospital. . Inquiry developed that
the. telegram did not come from army
headquarters, and the Chief of Police has
not: the name of Walter Gaines on his
mortuary list.
The Board of Health has no record that
young Gaines died here. Inquiry at the
Winchester Hotel, where the young man
stopped, disclosed that . he left the . hotel
on February 12 last, and afterward called
for six weeks for his mail. \ He then in
formed the clerk that he was going to
Vallejo. :•¦¦:¦. ,
Peculiar Story of Lad's Dis
appearance. . .
J. A. Gaines of Annona, Texas, Tells
FATHER ASKS INFORMATION '
v? * ?- i : ABOUT HIS MISSING SON
The precedent for but one term as
grand president of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West was established by
Mrs. Tina L. Kane, the first grand presi
dent of tha order. At the close of her
term that office was tendered to her again,
but she refused the proffered honor, while
appreciating the devotion and loyalty that
prompted it. It remains to be seen if
the rule will be broken this year.
One matter that has been agitating: the
general membership for several weeks
past has been the report that the friends
of the Incumbent president. Mrs. Baker,
who is the leader of one faction of the
order, propose to run her for a second
term for the office of grand president In
order to defeat the ambition of Grand Vice
President Miss Keith, who is the leader
of the other faction. Ever since the or
der has been organized no 'one who has
served in the capacity of grand president
has ever submitted her name for a second
term. »
The next session of the Grand Parlor ot
the Native Daughters of the Golden "West
will be held in this city in the early part
of June. On account of strong factional
feelings the session promises to be one of
the most Interesting that has ever been
held by the order.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities Com
mittee heard the members of the Board of
Education yesterday regarding the sites
end inventory of property required for
new schoolhouses as recommended by the
board and already published. The Board
of Works will be called upon to furnish
plans and estimates, of the cost of the
new schoolhouses, some of which will he
erected on sites belonging to the city.
• The Directors urged that the new Low
ell High School be placed on Lafayette
Park, and the. City Attorney was asked
for his opinion of the legality of the pro
cedure. The committee intends to ' rec
ommend a $500,000 building, the observa
tory to which will cost $100,000. D'Ancona
insisted on provision being made for a
technical school, but action was-prost
poned.
Th'c committee reported in favor of the
bill approving the erection and equipment
by, the trustees of the Public Library of a
branch public library on Sixteenth and
Prosper streets. ""•"of
tee Requests Board of Works
to Prepare Plans.
Supervisors* Public Utilities Commit-
CONTEST FOR PBESTDEITCT
, OF THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS
WELL APPRAISE COST.
OF NEW SCHOOLHbTJSES
It was reported; last, night that Presi
dent , McCarthy was losing ground rap
idly'by reason, of his : failure to win the
contractors, to his cause.. He had asserted
that the contractors would infallibly cast
their lot with the Building. Trades Coun
cil, and 'their failure to io so fell into
McCarthy's camp with the effect of a
bombshell. It is known that , many men
of McCarthy's own. union 1 are disgusted
with the troubles, which have resulted
only in loss of time and money to them,
and they are on the eve of revolt, against
their chief.? In any event the situation is
greatly | strained and impor^nt develop
ments are expected. ;-.•;.
At a largely attended meeting of the
Building Trades Council at B'nal B'rith
Hall last night ' the ¦ action ' of the master
builders in deciding, to remain, neutral
was discussed. The resolutions adopted
by the contractors were not relished by
the council. The statements of the Dis
trict Council of the Brotherhood that
they had the sympathy and support* of
the plumbers, lathers and others of the
building trades were characterized as
false. The discussion of the existing trou
bles was marked by bitterness.
Several affidavits sworn to before nota
ries were filed with the District Council
of the Brotherhood announcing that " the
brotherhood men interested in the fight
number 1433. The unions are No.. 483 with
614 men, No. 36 with 501, No. 304 with 118,
No. 616 with 50 and No. 1082 with 150. It
is claimed that the carpenters affiliated
with the Building Trades Council cannot
show one-half this enumerated. strength.
At a meeting of the. District Council of
the Brotherhood last night reports. were
received that the authority of the agents
of the Building Trades Council, was being
generally ignored by union men on all the
buildings. In one or two instances tho
agents were ordered to ] leave the , build
ings, and when they refused they were
forcibly ejected. The union carpenters de
clare they will no longer submit to the
domination of McCarthy, and as the days
pass the ranks of the unions favoring the
brotherhood are being swelled.
The action taken by the Builders' As
sociation to remain neutral in the fight
now being waged by the Building Trades
Council against the Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners has greatly encour
aged the members of the latter organiza
tion, and they are now certain they will
win their fight.
Trouble Between Union
Carpenters Not Yet
, Settled.
Limerick .and Monaghan booths will do
their , part toward furnishing amusement
fo_.~ the visitors who attend -the fair to
night; and a very interesting programme
will be presented. .-'*.<;. .\ ¦
"Aside : from the programme . provided by
the ,- Gaelic | League; \ delightful entertain
ments wera given by Cavan, • Westmeath
and Antrim booths. The ladies of these
booths ) proved themselves very capable
entertainers. The Cavan programme con
sisted of vocal and instrumental music,
while at the Westmeath booth the visit
ors ' were given a chance to enjoy some
fancy dancing. •
The Gaelic League had . its turn last
night in contributing to the success of the
Irish fair, and | the members of that or
ganization turned out in goodly numbers.
Every one of the local branches of the
league was adequately represented, and
there 'were also present large delegations
from ¦ Port Costa. . Oakland and . Sacra
mento. The members of -the league formed
a line of march at City Hall avenue and
moved in a body to the Pavilion. As the
procession . entered the hall they were
given a hearty reception. In.honor of the
occasion addresses in Gaelic and Gaelic
music were given. ' :
Addresses Bendered in Honor
of the Society.
Interesting Programme of Music and
IRISH FAEa VISITED - r -
'BY GAELIC LEAGUE
MECHANICS ARE
STILL AT OUTS
o'clock last night on Howard street,' be
tween Steuart and East. He was knocked
down and dragged several yards by the
fender, having nearly all his clothes torn
off and receiving numerous lacerations
and bruises on his head and body. He
was taken to the Harbor Hospital. His
injuries are not serious. ' v
After the evening session there was a
banquet, at which there were present
many of the lady members of the Com
panions of the Forest. Covers were laid
for 270. George J. Monk was toast
master and the following named were tha
speakers: M. Boehm, J. B. Sanford, O.
M. Goldaracena, M. Dillman. J. Shaw,
John Falconer, George "W. Lunt, Dr. . J.
H. Smith, L. Dammash, Mrs. I*. G.
Miller, "William M. Cannon, E. A. Free
man, John Henderson and Henry W.
Beaver, r • •
F. Jones of Oakland, high, senior wood
ward; C. J. Gould of Los Angeles, high
Jvnlor woodward; G. F. Brown of San
Francisco, high senior beadle; James
Hagen of San Francisco, high Junior
beadle; George J. Monck, Henry Zenda
and George Wilson, grand auditors; A.
"Way, A. O. Cauvel, 21. C. Teicheco, J. M.
Buxton and TJ. T. Henderson, grand
trustees.
Public Administrator John Farnham
also seeks the appointment of adminis
trator on the ground that the copy of the
will of the deceased on file here Is not
properly authenticated.
Greenebaum has been requested by Ro
sario Guardiola, the widow of the Guate
malan, to care for the property owned by
the deceased in this State, amounting to
about $800,000, and he backs his petition
by a letter from Mrs. Guardiola contain
ing the request. The entire day was spent
In an effort to prove the authenticity of
th© certified copy of a will, left by G.u.ardi
oia. in th.e hands of Lazard Freres?. the
famous French banking house.- The"
deposition of one of the firm was read,
as was also that of the widow. In both
the documents the correctness of the au
thenticated copy of the will was sworn
to. The matter will be heard again to
day. ¦ \
Stemund Greenebaum, manager of the
London. Paris and American Bank, ap
peared before Judgre Troutt .yesterday la
support of his application for letters of
administration upon the estate of the late
Jose Guardiola, the Guatemalan, who died
at Paris recently, leaving an estate worth
$23,000,000.
Apply for Letters Upon Guar
diola Estate.
GREEOT33ATJM: ANJ> FABNEAM
SEEK THE APPOINTMENT
Banker and the Public Administrator
If time i3 given to inspect the delegate
tickets and ascertain if the nominees
thereon are genuine stalwart anti-boss
Republicans, Gage will get no aid and
comfort from the Son Francisco delega
tion to the Republican State convention.
Nothing, of course, was said of the
time consumed and the money expended
by the railroad managers in the vain
effort to elect D. M. Burns to the United
States Senate, and no reference was made
to the raw programme by which Wella
was nominated for Mayor. Harriman
listened attentively to the tale. He asked
about the three jabberwocks, . Buckley,
Crimmins and Kelly, who were slain by
the beamish boy of the law department and
then took the narrative under advise
ment. "
It Is the impression that the political
bosses attached to the Southern Pjtolfia
will hear from President Harriman beiopfe
the present gubernatorial campaign is>
many weeks older. . The President took
note of the situation here and doubtless
perceived that the company might -place
Itself in a very unfortunate position if
Its prestige and power were further used
to bolster up the failing fortunes of an un
popular candidate for . Governor. The
Bhadow of impending disaster hangs over
the boss camp. The chief strength of
the Gage machine is the Southern Pacific
Company's supposed backing. When the
president makes the declaration clear and
positive that the company has no candi
date for Governor, Gage will not be con
sidered a factor in the fight.
The Directors of the Republican Pri
mary League "will meet this evening to
resume work on the plans of Assembly
district organization. There is a strong
sentiment • in the directory favorable to'
the nomination of delegates to the State
convention at least three days before Au
gust 12, the date of the primary election.
The league has no candidate for Governor,
but the. Republican voters composing the
league are opposed to Gage because he
has surrendered the administration of
State affairs to the bosses. The voters
will— want to" know before "the" day of
election whether any Gage sympathizers
are on the ticket
While In San Francisco E. H. Harri
man, president of the Southern Pacific,
made several inquiries touching the
railroad company's interest in political
affairs. It is definitely known that he ex
pressed a desire that the company should
not take an active part in politics. All
scrts of stories were told to him to ac
count for the railroad's past activity In
the political field and to justify the pres
ent attitude of the law department of
the corporation. The "agreed story" told
by those, who are anxious to protect
Herrin represented that the people want
ed the company to take an active part in
public affairs. It was said that wicked
bosses such as Buckley, Crlmmins and
Kelly had dominated both parties and
plundered the people before the railroad
company stepped in to protect the com
monwealth "from the rapacity of ring
politicians. Harriman was told that the
organization of the railroad's political
bureau, under the enlightened super
vjsion of Herrin, put the ringsters of both
parties out of business and thus protect
ed the taxpayers.
In order to strengthen the boss machine
in Humboldt County Governor Gage has
allowed. J. C.\ Bull to name the successor
of Walter Parker, expert of the State
Board of Examiners. Bull has recom
mended for the position Accountant Em
erson of Eureka. Bull has a hard battle
on his hands and needs help in his fight
to bring down a Gage delegation from
that county. Emerson's appointment to
succeed Parker will probably ! be an
nounced to-day. The salary attaching to
the position is $2000 per. annurn, and the
allowance for traveling expenses" is lib
eral. . . ' . ¦ :
The Veteran Rebekahs' Association has
elected the following officers for the cur
rent term: Annie Samuels, president;
Mary A. Dallas, vice president: May Ad
ams, secretary; Ella Van Court, treas
urer; Carrie A. Warner, marshal; Mes
dames F. Jonas, E. M. North, M. E.
Thornhill, F. McCall, J. Wehser, Lydia
Pinkham and Fannie Benjamin, trustees.
In the evening the past presidents of
the assembly had a short business ses
sion, and then a supper at one of the
prominent rotisseries.
Mrs. Ada Madison of San Diego, president;
Mrs. Alma Isabel Jensen of San Francisco, vice
president; Mrs. Dora L. Gardner of Napa,
warden; Mrs. Mary E. Donoho of San Fran
cisco, secretary (re-elected); Mrs. Anna M.
Leise of Oakland, treasurer (re-elected);: Miss
Fannie Benjamin of Los Angeles and Mrs. Sa
rah A. Wolf of Sacramento, trustees (re
elected).
The entire session of the California As
sembly of the Rebekahs yesterday, except
when • the body was addressed by Past
Grand Master W. H. Barnes, was taken
up in the election, of grand officers. The
choice was as 'follows:
These officers and those to be appointed
ty the incoming grand master will be in
stalled to-day. After the election the con
sideration of the Odd Fellows' Home. at
San Jose was taken up, and the matter
had not been disposed of when the grand
body adjourned for the day. It will be
settled to-day possibly by referring the
matter to the individual lodges.
. M. G. Gill of Red Bluff, grand master; C.
VT. Baker of Sacramento, deputy grand" master:
J. W. Linscott of Santa Cruz, grand warden;
George T. Shaw, grand secretary (re-elected);
J. W. Harris, grand I treasurer : (re-elected) ;
John Glasson. C. O. Burton and J. F. Nichols,
grand trustees (re-elected): John Thompson,
trustee for the home, and Grand Master Nlch
olls, representative - to the Sovereign Grand
Lodge. . :
The event of the Grand Lodge of " Odd
Fellows yesterday was the election, of
grand officers for the ensuing term. The
contests were for the office of grand war
den, which leads to the grand mastership,
find for the office of trustee for the Odd
Fellows' Home. The election resulted in
the choice of the following 1 nameu: '$¦*}'-.'.
Veteran Rebekahs Select
Leaders and Ed joy a .
Banquet
by Sympathizers of
Herrin.
Fairy Tales Told to Harriman
Emerson of Eureka Slat
ed to Succeed Ex
pert Parker.^
Officers Elected by Grand
Lodge and California
Assembly.
HUMBOLDT BOSS
IS RECOGNIZED
ODD FELLOWS'
HOME DISCUSSED
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ CALL, MAY 16, 1902.
7
: ' 'thje EkpoBitriar. " , I _.'¦'.';.;¦. ;' the- empobitj-l. " : |^ ; Tks EkroBrb-T. " : ¦ ; ' tb^ e-cpobtttm. ~ ;
5 Saturday Night— ? [to 1Q:3Q YT^ • Curtain Ends. $
¦If Men's $3.00 all-WOOl PantS/; .. . : i' $1.69 jf^rf^^^^^^/jrxSsM^MbS&S^B ' If t M&f A manufacturer's sample line of Nottingham Curtain Ends — Jf
i Men's -11 made WorKin 9 Shir.s. . . . ;¦¦; . 40c t£ylM/jQlUlll£, , t.^4 1 _ S
J Men's heavy brown Overalls ';.. . i ...... 40o California's largest- than half their real value, eacn . .......... £
$ iMofs J3.00/ViciKid;a6«T^S.^V5_?»_?S-; ' s -"—Jtfii^ 1^ 10^ rnnnnr-Tirnnr ." . -Sc, fOc, 15C and 25C 5
J , o V ;. ''..: .- ..: ... V. . . : N — • • ' . ' — - . ' ' . . ' : —o i
| I Best Creamery ' Butter, k Friday, Per Sauare,S4-s. I |
8 — — — : •' ' " "/": ' \. '"'""':'-'. • . • . ' ' ". -;
g Any Ladies' $3.5O Saie of High-Glass Wash Fabrics. Golf Shirts 69c. J
| ShOe /Cr $2.88. " The new ; adn^ striped Batistes> in this 8easo V t Hnen-ground colorings; with richly colored stiipes, Men;s.Pleaie<l'Goif Shirts,' good, percales, in 'X
S _>• We have got the best " j n l a fine cloth, combining the daintiness of organdies with a texturs much firmer that will with- this season s fashionable col- X
£ VA M /I II shoes arc manufact - «tan<l hard usage in the laundry; although new from the loom, make your *_»-_, onngs, reds," b,ues and &nc^ " -J
J? \\V\Y * // J "^ ¦» America to sell .election to-day; instea'd of aoc per yard, for . .- . . . . . ... . . ... i*tG combination stripes, the «g-^^^p X
K \0^\ /h/1 f^r$V 50. Others may ' - _^__ Jl '~ 'JBOP ( k X
* *^/l7s] ha^ e J^ M 8° od . but . Friday and Saturday OiJC5 |/^fl /• fi X
S f/A vSn none bc ""' for none w&S^, Saleof importer's Entire Stock Man's Handker- WluM i %
b 1 ii/'/i/ tE/ 1 brtter are made to sell ,.^^^^^1 ' n'"Vii i' • ; l> _«- rn Chiefs— Linen . finish, ¥&*)£ t I/. \
*' A^J I ¦ J fbr53 - s °* ¦¦¦¦-¦¦ rf^F&SSsm Real Ostrich reatiaer isoas, corded edge, fuu «, a nice, \ [ q| j |fc. x
\ Cr ¦ \Tj '. sty^of^S-e^inat W^^^W ' ' Friday am/ Saturday. £d2 \^eSj£ J^ d " \ ' 1 1 1 1 \
»,* \sS Women's #3. 50 Shoes /J^^^^^^M This is a rare chance to purchase such extra choice real day and Saturday .. ##C \ V- X
tf m ,de, which include Vic-i Kid, box cif, f^^S.-^^gL Ostrich Feather Boas at such surprisingly low prices. The • '. . W* 4^ L,1*J
If patent Vici Kid, patent leather, in lace or \^^<Sh v fifa i lo-j 'iijjcj • *~" ' «
I button, high top shoes and the new Colonial l»rge stock offered at special sale to-day and Saturday,, in- Steel Shears f8o. X
Jf Ties, as well as the evcry-day Oxfords, we 3®rf^P^ cmdcs b!acks > g ra y s > naturals, whites and white and black o . of ***** . £
fc° invite you to make se'ectian to-day and to- tPiolllis^ Boas; worth in the regular way £12.50, $15.00, $17.50 JL "*]!* h !h m^ «J
* morrow (Friday and 'Saturday '^gW'OO -W^^ and each; for these two days our special prices CS^^ j.,. Ld togSS wS X
ft V ,__ nVWlirWh W1^ " e ¦ <^ .±is • brass nut and bolt, "^
jo —>*—.•¦ $Wf%vpJiMl\ scinch Boas 1 1/ vards Ion? *^/? 7i ' aa<1 9 inch V
5 «/ p fuff ?>'" ¦¦;¦:¦•¦:* |W W| 54-inch Boas, I % yards long $10.89 «»i »7 •« *-*7. P** • • • fSc 'J
ft. Made-up-Rugs of best Brussels Carpet, ¦ sin 6x9 mWJK V»_Sfl / J ° ............. a OI0 -*
Sf feet, in a variety of patterns; rugs well worth (MW \$*2$ ' * «*#?«-»# _»-.*»Rr p '«.(,. 1 Q~, X
f-- *i».oo to $15.00; special -to-- oyis '\8M' W ' Lauies tSBCK UOmDS, IOC. Decorated China Ptates *
day and Saturday .:. . . . &€». M O ~ *ffl ¦'''''' -W&''-' ¦¦ Several hundred shell back combs, in a very large ¦ variety Thin Carlsbad China Plates 8>£ inches ia '%
K * - . ¦-»- , -*& ¦ . of new shapes; low backs, heavy quills, fine finish; regu- . diameter, dainty 'spray of pink and blue flow-,' X
*(^&\\ u "%%r >ar ' l My 25c «ch ; ipK i,i Friday ;¦.;, .i8c . g| j^,^":^ ffffo.J
J V xi<y\^3 V * - jv^_^^~>-^^—^>-—^-^^-^ —^^^-^^—^->—^^s^>_^>^ Fisherman's Specials . J
- 1 \^l^Z^ Medium weight, wool v _«_^_" 4£fS*2 BZffb G£rbm4 <^"S ffB df% Rseis,Trout Flies. ¦ x
$ \ \lw$?Z w i Pant8 ' **ny &i^.au &un &ii0.&Um A mak ' e of m me3y dlk
tf \** -' J Sam "hie cS^ln Another of our\phenomenal Friday \ and- Saturday -.^^g f 6^ jP-^> x
$ 1 "^'^^- 7^ offerings in the Men's Clothing Section— your un- i^T^Ji^ /^^^_ 5
S ' /^Jllm 1^-"^'. y " y> ' reserved choice to-day and to-morrow of any man's *«-» **** -Jr. (//^m, -f
j- ' V@f • v-v- 5Go p$@fc£s^]^u1r|^||^ B^^"__:*ik5.1\<LQHr I
g- '¦¦ " : "• ¦ - ' ' ;;:; -. , line comprises, the very latest "ideas in spring and cHck R«i, «a K^_sI^|P_ *
g KitchenCupboard,$4.85 \ 'summer styles; the very finest we could have made *££? ° r ( •*
$ Made of hardwood, 38 inches wide, 1 8 inches UD in large quantities tO Sell for $I2.CO; OUr Special - Brass Click Reels, Friday V^^^^ J
'deeo 60 inches high, With 2 screen doors, 1 . , ., r \m. e L\ '¦ ' ¦ ¦ £ —• • j ' j c x. J only. *5 T 31^ 3 7Ow '\ nfckr— . yt
$ convenient drawers, ie interior divided into CUt Of $2.OO from thlS pHCC for Frlday.and Saturday 4 oy^ds/0 C /6oyard.#4_Y X
$ three compartments; regu ar price $7.50; \ Js JUSt $2.OO made. ' Nickel Clxk Reels, Friday onlJL aj yard. J
If /special Friday and Saturday • : OR \ J . . • tOC, *0 jzris 17C, 6°7*rtA20O* M
¦ K ' .....-• • • • • V^PfOO I \**mm -a"-^ ' _m mm ¦ '_ffc' »j* a - ¦ _•_£'*-? S 00 Nickel Sliding Click Reds, 60 yard[j, if
I €1 bB $157 $5.OO SailOrSUStS$4*10. .:,¦ .. ...<.A.34o i
' i'LvbUvbiLof* 08 ¦' "" ( Here's one for boys 5 to 10 years of age— Friday and Liquors Friday. |
'x these genuine ( Saturday until closing time, your unreserved choice . Extra a. a. Port, sherry or Angelica, choice ; £
*C leatherClubBagJ jp^^MBk' ( n f o n \/ tf no 9^ilnr 9nif" in niir rhiiHrPn'Q Hpn^rtTn»nt old wines that sell regularly Ji. 50 per gallon; ¦ X
$ ¦--*«- nickcl MMMMm^ ) ? ¦»5-oo i baiior bmt in our ennaren s aepartment Friday> ......... , $1 , O5
S? catches, ™wfflBH|Sl ) ¦' for "four-dollars-tcn. They are handsome little McBrayer whisky, bot-rd at the distmery; •;
I ;fny k w^^la^^P - T made :° f all - W0Ql Serges and Cheviots in blues,
£ pocket in. id e , >&_-_______-_---' \ , re ds, tans, browns and gray mixtures. The collars • Friday, bottle . . . .... . .,.750 g
K will bs placed on tale to-day at about half ) o n H chloric: i>r<a ValocrJintK/ trimm^H 3nH PmhrniHPTpH' Extra Zinfandel, per gallon. . . . . 7SO «
Jf their real worth; choice of either the «, \ ana snieias are eiegantiy inmmea ana emDroiaerea, Extra California saateme, 3 bottles 5#.oc» x
jf 13 or 14-inch - sties for. . _ f blOUSCS CUt full and long*, pantS lined thrOUghOUt. Burke's Irish or Scotch 3-Star Whisky, bottle ': %
AMUSEMENTS.
BE LAS CO *" a TtrzABJCS ,&*£&£*
*** ttKOtcmiutx'
TO-KIGHT— Testimonial P.enefit to Miss
annette marshall.
bou\*x:nir photograph given to
everybody.
SPECIALTIES INTRODUCED TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAl'.
Greatest Melodrama or the Century,
THE WORLD.
With Scenes of Marvelous Beauty and Spec-
tacular Effects Unsurpassed.
CDirPC Evening 10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50c
IRIVI-J Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week — "WOMAN AGAINST WOMAN."
Flirt appearance here of MISS FANNY
McINTYRE.
VAUDEV1LLJ" NECTAR!
tew Sully; Mr. and Mrs. Kelcy; Mil?.
Chester's Statue Dog; Kelly and
Kent, anb The Bio graph. Last
times of Julia Heinrich; Raymond )
and Caverly; Hilda Thomas and j
Company, and the Florenz Troupe.
Reserved Beats. 25c; Balcony. 10c; Box Seats
tn4 Orora Chairs. 60c. ¦ "JT 1
f*fti IIIU9ESIA
llU ILbU I¥e @g^ UAOtSB THEATEf
Powell Bt.. near Market.
EVERY NIGHT THIS AND NEXT WEEK!
MATIXEES WEDNESDAY AND SATURDAY.
CHARLES «ROHMAN Present*
JOHN DREW
Ani HU Company,
la HIS GREATEST SUCCESS,
THE SECOND IN COMMAND
By Febert Kiriht.ll. author of "A Royil Family."
SEATS FOR NEXT WEEK ON SALE.
DDIf EC Evenlnjrs. $2. ?1 50. $1. 75c 60c. 25c
rAlWL3 Matlr.ees. $1 So. $1. 75c. 50c. 25c
May 2S— KATHRYN KIPPER.
KVKSTSGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
"THERE'S NO ARGTJMENT ABOUT IT."
TOU ARE SURE OF BEING PLEASED WITH
THE
S1NG3NG GIRL
A Wonderful Bargain at These
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 60c. 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AXD SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
America's Greatest Author- Actor,
EDWARD HARRIGAN
In Mr. HtrrIgar/8 Clever Comedy,
"Reilly and the 408."
- One, of the Ftannlest Plays Ever Written. , .
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. 50c. 75c
Good Orcnestra Seats All Matinees 25c
Next Week— "WADDY GOOGAN."
$&&&&*$
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
Tou will lose 24 hours If you miss seeing
Oi\ MATINEE
the f^r^ —r \ . :,^'<
tarck [ 9_I )'0-Morrow
\O u xy slxdaV
Next Monday — London and New York's Great-
"est Farcical Success.
"THE BRIXTON BURGLARY."
SEATS NOW SELLING.
....TO-NIGHT, 8 ....
BARGAIN MATINEE EVERY THURSDAY,
er* AND 60c.
USUAL BIG HOUSES — Charming Performance
MR. JAMES NEILL
Aad His Company — Presenting Bronson How-
ard's Comedy-Drama,
ARISTOCRACY
MATINEE SATURDAY. •
25c. SUc. 73c.
Sunday Night
THE KEILL COMPANY will present Augustln
Daly's Great Comedy.
The Lottery of Love
SEATS READY. .
' ¦ -¦ /
[FISCHER'S THEATER |
UTarrell. be*. Stockton and Powell su.
Telephone Main 23L
THE TO _
FIFTIETH iv f fHT
TIME N!GHT -
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
BREAKS THE RECORD RUN.' and it Is good
'or fifty times ' more. KOLB, DILL. BER-
NARD. BLAKE. HERMSEN and AMBER.
COLEMAN. KELLAR, HOPE. EMERSON and
d-jch a gem chorus. Remember the Matinee
To-morrow and Sunday at 25c anywhere, and
Children for 10c* NJcht prices 25c and &0c
| Fulton Street and . Tenth Avenue.
VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING. •
WILTON BROTHERS; HOSTE BROTHERS;
THE CLIPPER QUARTET; GORMAN AND
KEPPLER: PATCHING BROTHERS:
GRANT AND GRANT and NEW MOVING
PICTURES.
SEE COL. EDWARD BEAUPRE,
The Tallest Man on Earth.
TO-NIGHT ! TO-NIGHT !
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' BENEFIT.
ADMISSION. 10c CHILDREN, 5c
Phone for Seats — Park 23.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE GAMES.
THURSDAY. FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M. .
SAN FRANCISCoTVs. OAKLAND
RECREATION PARK. '
Eiruth and Harr/son sts.
Advene* Sale of Seats.' 5 Stockton et.
1 '..','
Swell Straw Hats.
Been thinking of buying, a straw hat for the sum-
He^e are some suggestions:
. Men's straw hats in "rough or smooth braids, Fedora
/shapes, $1.00, $1.50, $2.00' and $3.00; Flat brim straws,
50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.50 and $2/00. Remember these are
lower; prices than asked by exclusive dealers. That's why .
v you should trade here.
J » • . t
3 ;:: Here is a special : Ladies' or men's yacht shape rough
straws with three thickness brims, $1.00 each. These are
exceedingly swell hats' at an unusually low price consider-.
v .ingthe quality, of the hats. . i .
Cui-of-town orders filled— writa us. \
718 Market Street.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
/ Buying a piano isn't like
I buying a sack of sugar; it's
like buying a house to
live in.
You can afford- to buy
sugar where you can buy it
the cheapest, but you
wouldn't buy a house- that ;
way unless you knew just
the kind of a house it was.
: The average purchaser of
a piano knows but little of
its mechanism. Pianos that
look the same and sound-
the same when new may
have a difference in value*6f '
I several hundred dollars. .'
You can't always afford .
to buy the cheapest instru-
ment, particularly when it's .
offered to ybuby ,a firm •
you • know little ..of. You
know you're safe • here and
you ought 'to ¦ know that
you . can ; jjet - the lowest i.
prices here, quality; con- *
sidered. . ¦ ; ; ;
Store ¦ News. — A" ; ' few
more days and our clearing ¦
out of second-hand 'pianos
will be at an end. so* many .
have been sold. A Decker .
Bros, for $85.00, an Emerson .
square at $45.00, and other
big bargains on easy terms. ;
{near Stockton ft. J.R \
Yd\ 1 ft CP Desirable location,
lUIUVV unsurpassed cuisine,
' u n e q u a 1 e d ser-
/Ilin v ' ce and m odern
U11U conveniences are the
_ j attributes that have
lff*afiri made these two ho-
lilUlSU tels popular with"
.„ t . tourists and travel-
liAlPIC e " who visit San
llUlWld Francisco.
S+ 1, -B M -ffV Beds> Ch^«, StoveB, -Etc.
/ T A f_/S H I Ten *» for Rent and for Sale.
I 'M IWO B-Jf- r; lns> RIfle ». Fi8hins Tackle
1 ' / /m 1 1 1 i -Q d Eportlns: Goods. ? Send :
%/XjLJL|_L-L ' 'or Catalogue. SHRKVE & ;
BARBER CO.. 739 Market
;'¦ rl.V. *. { V4"**»"£- nd '' 511; Kearny .at.NOTE— In the above exposition of, the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters. ' - ¦
VESSEL THAT BROUGHT CONFIRMATION OF LOSS OF THE VIKING.
TO ARRIVE.
HAMBURG — In port May 1— Ger bark Bille.
for Lelth and San Francisco. - May 4— Br ship
Crown of India.- '., '. .
Arrived May 14 — Jap stmr HonekonK Maru,
hence April 15. Prior to May 14 — Jap stmr
Kaga Maru, from Seattle.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed May 10— Br stmr
Puritan, for Manila.
'. Sailed May 14 — Ship Columbia, for Honolulu.
ACAPULCC^ — To sail May 14^ — Danish bark
Clmbrla, for Puget Sound.
DUNKIRK— In Dort May 1— Br stmr Clum
berhall, for San Francisco. i ¦
Arrived May 13 — Stmr Orizaba, from New
York. . • . ' .
HONGKONG— Sailed May 14— Br stmr Em
press of Japan, for Vancouver.
ETEN — Arrived May 12— Schr Wlnslow. from
Ballard. - r .
BRISBANE — Sailed April 6 — Russian bark
Occna, for Pueet Sound.
"COLON — Sailed May 13 — Stmr Finance,, for
New .-York. .. •¦-,.. . . :•
FOREIGN PORTS.
.REDONDOr-Sailed May 15— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. ; ' 7
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived May 14— Schr W
H Emlth, from Callao.' ¦
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed May 14 — Schr
Oliver J Olson, from Port Townsend.
Sailed* May 14— Schr Geo W Watson, for
San Pedro.-
SOUTH BEND^-Arrived May 14— Schr Ad
vent, from San Pedro.
hence May 13; stmr Aberdeen, hence May 12.
Paesed May 15 — Stmr Aztec and ship Glory
of the Seas, for San Francisco: Br ship Bro
dick Castle.- from Shanghai, for Puget Sound."
SANAK — Arrived April 26 — Schr Czarina,
hence March 16.
SAND POINT— Sailed April 23— Schr Stan
ley, for Bering Sea and San Francisco. April
27— Bktn Fremont, for Bering Sea and San
Francisco.
TACOMA — Arrived May 15 — Schr Compeer,
from Port Townsend: stmr City of Puebla,
hence May 11; stmr Cottage City, from Skag
way. , ' . ; -
Sailed May 15 — Stmr Olympla, for Hongkong.
Sailed May 15 — Stmr Cottage City, for Skag
way; stmr. City of Puebla, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 13 — Schr San
Buenaventura, from Umpqua; schr Bangor.
from Port Ludlow.
Arrived May 15 — Schrs Louise and Mamie C
Rusb,' from Umoqua: schr Comet, from Port
Blakeley; stmr Samoa, from Caspar.
POINT REYES— Passed May 15, 5:30 p m—
Stmr South Coast, from Albion, for San Pedro.
SEATTLE^ — Sailed May 14— Stmr Hiimboldt,
for Skagway.
Sailed May IB — Ger. bark Pax, for Cape
Town.
BOWENS LANDING — Sailed May 15— Stmr
Redwood City, for San Francisco.
CASPAR — Arrived May 13 — Stmr Luella.
hence May 14.
HUENEME— Sailed May 15— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco. . .
• PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 15— Ger
bark Pax, from Seattle.
Passed May 15 — Stmr Olympia, for Hong
kong; bark Palmyra, for Port Gamble.
Arrived May 15 — U S stmr Thetis.
Arrived May 15 — Schr A F Coates, from San
Pedro, for Fairhaven.
EUREKA — Arrived May 15— Stmr Ruth,
hence Mav 13; Ktmr Eureka, hence May 14.
Sailed May 15 — Brig Consuelo, for San Fran
cisco; schr S T Alexander, for Sydney.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 15— Bark Pal
myra, for .
PORTLAND— Sailed May 15— Stmr Queen
Mary, for Hankow.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived May 15 — Stmr Co
quille River, hence May 14. t
Sailed May 15 — Stmr National City, for San
Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived May 15 — Stmr Columbia,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS. May 15, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 28 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
March 11. lat 49 S. Ion 66 W — Br ship Kate
Thomas, from Liverpool, for Vancouver.
May 10. lat 49 N, Ion tf W — Br ship St
Enoch, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
April 4. lat 8 N, Ion 32 \V— Br bark Santa,
from Fraser River, for London.
SPOKEN.
Thursday, May 13. .
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, Eureka.
Stmr W H Kruger, Ahlin, Redondo.
Stmr State of California, Thomas, San
Dlero.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Devitt, Eureka. .
Bktn Archer. Calhoun. Honolulu.
Sshr Maty C, Campbell, Bodesra.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Thursday, May 15.
• Stmr Queen, Hall. Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Nor stmr Tltania, Egenes, Nanaimo; John
Rosenf eld's Sons.
Thursday, May 15. ¦ .
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen,. 17 hours from
Mendocino.
Stmr Geo W Elder. Randall, SOU hours from
Portland, via Astoria 49?i hours.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 17 hours from Eureka.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, 4 days from Ladysmith.
Stmr Phoenix, Ordlund, 14 hours from Men
docino.
Stmr Signal, Bendegard, 6S hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 43 hours from
San Dlf^o.
Stmr Mlneola, Klrkwood, 90 hours from Bal
lard: bound to Guatemala; put in to finish
loadms.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick. 5 days from As
toria, etc. '
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Brooklyn, Higgins, 25 hours from Eu
reka.
Ger strar Serapis, Richert, 102 days from
Hamburg and way ports.
Bark Santiago. Ingalls, 20 days from Hllo.
Bark S C Allen, Johnson, 22 days from
Honolulu. ¦
Schr Chas E Falk. Anderson, 8 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Pearl, Soderholm, 17 days from Sanak.
via Unga 16 days.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, 4 hours from Point
Reyes. '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The ship A. J. Fuller loads lumber on Puget
Sound for Cape Town at 65s; the ship Paramlta,
same business from Puget Sound to Sydney,
38s 9d; if to Melbourne or Adelaide, 46s 3d;
both chartered prior to arrival.
The following schooners were chartered, - on
the spot, for lumber: The Carrier Dove from
Grays Harbor to Belra, South Africa, at 70s;
the Defiance, from Grays Harbor to Levuka
and Suva: the E. K. Wood, from Fairhaven to
Guaymas. and the Mary Dodge, from Portland
to Mahukona.
The barkentlne Wrestler loads general cargo
here for Honolpu and Puako.
Charters.
scheduled to sail to-day for Manila. She will
leave the transport dock promptly at noon.
The Retail Shoe Clerks' Association will
give a minstrel show and ball on the 2M
inst., the proceeds to be devoted to secur
ing suitable reading-rooms and headquar
ters for its members, whereby they may
enjoy the few hours of leisure after work.
Association Will Give Ball.
Thomas Sails To-Day.
The United States army transport Thomas is
The new steam schooner Olympic was turned
over by the Fulton Iron Works to her owners,
the E. K. Wood Lumber Company, yesterday!
She will be engaged In the coast lumber trade.
Beceived by Owners.
The Southern Pacific collier Mlneola arrived
yesterday from th,e Sound, where she has been
loading railroad ties for the Guatemala Central
Railroad. She win load a lot pf chain before
proceeding en her voyage.
1 . _*__
Mineola Arrives.
] The fishing schooner Pearl, which arrived
yesterday, eeventeen days from Sanak and six
teen days from Unga, brings confirmation of
the reported loss of the schooner Viking in
Unga harbor. The Viking is a total wreck, but
no lives were lost In the disaster. The Pearl
brings 75,000 codfish.
Confirms Viking's Loss.
The Loyal Legion held Its annual elec
tion "Wednesday evening at the Oc
cidental Hotel. Tho following offi
cers were elected: Commander, Rear
Admiral Henry Glass, U. S. N.;
senior vico commander, George Wil
llg Spencer; junior vice commander.
Colonel Greenleaf Austin Goodale. V. S.
A.; recorder. Lieutenant Colonel William
Renwick Smedberff. U. S. A.; registrar.
First Lieutenant John Alexander Don
nell, U. S. V.; treasurer. Captain Charles
Mason Kinne, U. S. V.; chancellor. Gen
eral Thomas Turpin Crittenden. Tj. S. V.,
chaplain. John Harrison Macomber, L .
S A ; council. Brevet Lieutenant Col
onel Jesse Beech Fuller. U. S. V.; First
Lieutenant Nathaniel Thayer Messer. u.
S V ; Second. Lieutenant Horace Wilson,
U S V.; Captain William Henry Whit
ing U. S. N.: First Lieutenant George
Henry Wallace Wallls, late U. S. A.
A banquet followed the election.
Loyal Legion Hold Election.
A large reduction will be made to-day in the
crew of the army transport tender Slocum. to
the command of which Captain Isaac Smith
was recently appointed. The Slocum will no
longer be used lor night duty except In cases
of absolute necessity. There may be no change
among the officers, but those who will be dis
charged to-day will include two sailors, two
firemen, one oiler and a mess boy.
Seduction of Crew.
The steamship Ventura, which Balls on May
22 for Honolulu and Australia, will carry 'as
part of her cargo about 1200 tons of flour and
more than 500 tons of grain. As the shipments
of flour to the Orient have fallen off. eo have
they increased to the Antipodes, where a suc
cession of rainless summers has reduced the
producing power of Australian and New Zea
land soil to far below their food requirements.
The steamship Georpe W. Elder, which arrived
yesterday from Portland with a large shipment
of flour, discharged 20,000 sacks at the Oceanic
Dock for shipment on the Ventura.
Breadstuff for Australia.
passengers. The Serapis called at many South
American i>orts and her officers confirm all
that haa been reported of the widespread suf
fering caused by the recent earthquakes in Gua
temaia. Life on a Kosmos liner is as strenu
ous as ar.ythir.g- that comes the way of deep
eea. vessels. A list of her ports of call between
Antofagasta and San Francisco will give some
idea as to the extensive trading In which the
boats of this line engage. She left Hamburg
103 days ago. Antofasasta was reached March
80. Since then the Serapis has discharged and
received cargo at Iqulque, Anica, Mollendo,
Callao, Guayaquil, Puerto Bolivar, San Juan
del Sur, Corlnto, Amspala, La Libertad, Aca-
Jutla, San Jose de Guatemala, Champerico,
Ocas, San Benito, Tonela, Salinas Cms, San
Bias and Mazatlan.
She brought as passengers Theodore Frlck
hoffer, Jose A. Rodrigues, T. C. ShejArd, A.
Eichelmann. D. W. Horn, M. Suarez, August
Gruel and Fred Kellholz.
Serapis Arrives.
The Kosmos liner Serapis arrived yesterday
form Hamburg with a large cargo and eight
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
•NOTE — The high and- low waters occur at
the city .front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
THE American bark Yosemlte, out
142 days from Newcastle, Austra
lia, for Guaymas and laden with
coal that experts deem as com
bustible as live wires after being
more than 100 days on chipboard, and
Quoted at 60 per cent on the reinsured
list, has arrived safely at her destination.
Speculators that played her to arrive
have won handsomely. Underwriters are
out a heavy premium and are beginning
tc place little reliance on the spontaneous
combustion specialists, whose theories are
a sain kicked to death by a fact. Every
thing seemed against the \osemltes ar
rival: She was nearly three months over
due; ehe is an old ship; she was laden
¦with New South Wales coal. In the race
of these facts 60 per cent seemed a low
rate, and had the Yosemlte's voyage been
prolonged a few days the rate would
have taken a very material jump. The
Yosemlte arrived, however, and now the
attention of the reinsurance speculators
is directed toward the German ship H. F.
Glade, the rate on which was advanced
>esterday to 80 per cent. The Glade is
now out 208 days from this port for Eng
land, and speculation on her chance of ar
rival is very heavy, both here and in
London.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 15— Stmr La Lor
raine, for Havre; ztmr Kiaukutschou. for
Hamburg, via Plymouth and Cherbourg.
¦ GLASGOW — Arrived May 15— Stmr Siberian,
from Philadelphia.
Sailed May 15 — Stmr Buenos Ayrenlan. for
Philadelphia.
LONDON — Arrived May 13 — Stmr Manltou,
from New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived Mai' 15 — Stmr
Glenwood. from Boston, for Liverpool.
Sailed May 15 — Stmr Belsenland. for Phila
delphia: stmr Oceanic, for New York; both
from Liverpool.
PLYMOUTH — Arriyed May 15— Stmr Colum
bia, from New York, for Cherbourg and Him"-
CHERBOURG — Arrived May 15 — Stmr
Moltke. from New York, via Plymouth, for
Hamburj.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 15— Stmr Haver
ford, from Phlldetohla; stmr Majestic, from
New York. ¦
NAPLES— Sailed May 15— Stmr Palatia, for
New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
FORT TALBOT— In sort April 2&— Fr bark
Marechal.de Turenne. for San Francisco: it
bark Jeanne Cordonnlere. for San Francisco
CAPE TOWN— Sailed May 15— Bktn Echo,
for Port Townaend. .--•:. .-
ISLE OF WIGHT — Passed May 15 — Br DarK
Santa, from Fraser River, for Ltvepool.
. QUEENSTOWN — Arrived May 15 — Br ship
Orontes, hence Deo 12. .
MAZATLAN— Sailed May 13— Stmr City of
Para, for San Francisco. • - '
GUAYMAS— Arrived May 15— Bark Yo
semlte, from Newcastle. Aua. '
VANCOUVER— Arrived orlor to May \o—
Schr Carrier. Dove, r from Port Townsend.
BARK YOSEMITE ARRIVES, TO JOY OF SPECULATORS AND SURPRISE OF UNDERWRITERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 16, 1902.
TO SAIL.
FRIDAY, MAY 18.
FROM SEATTLE.
Movements of Steamers.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. M., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
May IB, 1002.
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p m.. Greenwich time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in charge.
8
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orf ord May 16
Rainier Whatcom May 16
Sequoia...... Hueneme May 17
Mackinaw... Tacoma May 17
Chehalls San Pedro May 17
Eureka Humbold t «. May 17
Coptic China & Japan v May 17
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... May 17
Santa Monica San Pedro May 18
Meteor.. Oyster Harbor May 18
Arfro Eel River Ports May IS
Crescent City Crescent City May 18
North Fork.. Humboldt May 19
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. May 19
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May la
Cooe Bay . San Pedro & Way Ports. (May 19
San Pedro Grays Harbor |May 10
Steamer
For.
Sa:
is.
Dolphin..:... Skagway ft "Way Ports. May 19
City Topeka. . Skagway & "Way Ports. May 20
Farallon Skagway & "Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way Ports. May 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. May 23
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct May 25
Dirigo Skagway ic Way Ports. May 27
E Thompson. Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Centennial . . . Nome direct May 29
Cottage City. Skasway & WaM Ports.! May SO
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.) Pier.
.May 16. I I
Fnocnix Mendocino City I .1 pmlPter 11
S.Barbara. Seattle direct .».'..( 2 pmlPler 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill ami Pier 9
May 17. . |
Alliance... Portland & Way. .1 5 pm!PWr IS
Sequoia.:.. Grays Harbor ( 4 pmlPler 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. OrMU2 mtP.er V.I
Arctic Humboldt |12 m'P.er 2
Pcmona Humboldt 11:30 plPler '•>
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mtPter 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 rmlP'.er 2
Pent China & Japan 1 1 pm'PMSS
May IS. I
Hyades ! Honolulu & Kahulul IPler 20
S. Mcnica.. I Humboldt 4 pm I Pier 2
Sant* Rosa. San Diego & Way. 0 am I Pier tl
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9- am|Pier It
G Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am I Pier 21
3Iay ll>. T !
Ctwbalis... Grays Harbor IPler —
Eureka Humboldt 9 ami Pier 13
Argo jEel River Ports 4 pm|Pler 2
Newport... 'Panama & Way... 12 m!PMS3
! , May 2O. I
Dora Nome & St. Michael 2 pmlPler XI
J. Kimball. Nome via Seattle.. 110 amlPler 2
May 21.
Acme Sluslaw River f S pm Pier 3
Uiratllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
May 22.
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura Sydney & "Way Pts. 10 am Pl«r 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt -• 9 am Pier 2
Newsboy... Nome via Golofnin Pier —
.May 23.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier U
May 24.
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 5 pmlPler 2
May 25.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May 20.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Mandaiay.. CoQuille River 4 pm Pier 2
Wellington... Comox May l'»
Pomona Huasboldt • • • • Mav 2i)
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria [May 20
Acine Sluslaw lUver I May 20
Victoria. .... Oy*ter Harbor 'May 2rt
Rival Wlllapa. Harbor IMay 22
O Dollar Grays Harbor IMay :•»
City Pu<jbla. . Puset Sound Ports IMay 2-j
Point Arena.. Point Arena IMay 22
Santa Ro*a.. San Diego A Way Ports'May L-J
Mandalay Coquille River IMay 2".
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. IMay 2:
C. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IMay 25
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan IMay i;
Alamcda Honolulu 'May 2T
Curacao Mexican Ports ;.|May 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports |May 2~
Sun rises ". . 4:53
Sun sets 7:13
Moon sets 1:38 a. m.
O Time Time Time lTime
Z Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft.
• \V W |H WI 1L W| |H W
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:50 6.7
17 2:09 1.5 8:25 4.3 1:52 1.6 8:32 8.7
18 2:55 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 fi.6
19 3:39 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 5.6
20 4:20, 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 5.5
21 8:00— 0.111:59 4.4 4:31 2.9 10:51 5.4
22 5:36—0.2 12:44 4.4 5:07 2.9 11:20 5.3
23 6:11—0.2 1:30 4.4 5:45 2.9|11:47 5.1
Sun rises ". . 4:53
Sun sets 7:13
Moon sets 1:38 a. m.
O Time Time Time lTime
Z Ft. Ft. Ft. I Ft.
• \V W |H WI 1L W| |H W
16 1:12 2.0 7:13 4.2 1:0-1 1.3 7:50 6.7
17 2:09 1.5 8:25 4.3 1:52 1.6 8:32 8.7
18 2:55 1.0 9:27 4.4 2:30 2.0 9:12 fi.6
19 3:39 0.6 10:21 4.4 3:16 2.4 9:49 5.6
20 4:20, 0.3 11:12 4.4 3:54 2.7 10:22 5.5
21 8:00— 0.111:59 4.4 4:31 2.9 10:51 5.4
22 5:36—0.2 12:44 4.4 5:07 2.9 11:20 5.3
23 6:11—0.2 1:30 4.4 5:45 2.9|11:47 5.1
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orf ord May 16
Rainier Whatcom May 16
Sequoia...... Hueneme May 17
Mackinaw... Tacoma May 17
Chehalls San Pedro May 17
Eureka Humbold t «. May 17
Coptic China & Japan v May 17
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports .... May 17
Santa Monica San Pedro May 18
Meteor.. Oyster Harbor May 18
Arfro Eel River Ports May IS
Crescent City Crescent City May 18
North Fork.. Humboldt May 19
City of Para. Panama & Way Ports.. May 19
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Ports. May la
Cooe Bay . San Pedro & Way Ports. (May 19
San Pedro Grays Harbor |May 10
Steamer
For.
Sa:
is.
Dolphin..:... Skagway ft "Way Ports. May 19
City Topeka. . Skagway & "Way Ports. May 20
Farallon Skagway & "Way Ports. May 21
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way Ports. May 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & "Way Pts. May 23
J. S. Klmball. Nome direct May 25
Dirigo Skagway ic Way Ports. May 27
E Thompson. Nome & St. Michael... May 27
Centennial . . . Nome direct May 29
Cottage City. Skasway & WaM Ports.! May SO
Steamer. I Destination. I Sails.) Pier.
.May 16. I I
Fnocnix Mendocino City I .1 pmlPter 11
S.Barbara. Seattle direct .».'..( 2 pmlPler 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. Ill ami Pier 9
May 17. . |
Alliance... Portland & Way. .1 5 pm!PWr IS
Sequoia.:.. Grays Harbor ( 4 pmlPler 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. OrMU2 mtP.er V.I
Arctic Humboldt |12 m'P.er 2
Pcmona Humboldt 11:30 plPler '•>
Guatemala. Valparaiso & Way. 12 mtPter 10
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena 2 rmlP'.er 2
Pent China & Japan 1 1 pm'PMSS
May IS. I
Hyades ! Honolulu & Kahulul IPler 20
S. Mcnica.. I Humboldt 4 pm I Pier 2
Sant* Rosa. San Diego & Way. 0 am I Pier tl
Bonita Newport & Way Pts 9- am|Pier It
G Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am I Pier 21
3Iay ll>. T !
Ctwbalis... Grays Harbor IPler —
Eureka Humboldt 9 ami Pier 13
Argo jEel River Ports 4 pm|Pler 2
Newport... 'Panama & Way... 12 m!PMS3
! , May 2O. I
Dora Nome & St. Michael 2 pmlPler XI
J. Kimball. Nome via Seattle.. 110 amlPler 2
May 21.
Acme Sluslaw River f S pm Pier 3
Uiratllla... Puget Sound Ports. Ill am Pier 9
May 22.
State Cal... San Diego & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Coos Bay... San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura Sydney & "Way Pts. 10 am Pl«r 7
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt -• 9 am Pier 2
Newsboy... Nome via Golofnin Pier —
.May 23.
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier U
May 24.
Rival Willapa Harbor ... 5 pmlPler 2
May 25.
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
May 20.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Mandaiay.. CoQuille River 4 pm Pier 2
Wellington... Comox May l'»
Pomona Huasboldt • • • • Mav 2i)
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria [May 20
Acine Sluslaw lUver I May 20
Victoria. .... Oy*ter Harbor 'May 2rt
Rival Wlllapa. Harbor IMay 22
O Dollar Grays Harbor IMay :•»
City Pu<jbla. . Puset Sound Ports IMay 2-j
Point Arena.. Point Arena IMay 22
Santa Ro*a.. San Diego A Way Ports'May L-J
Mandalay Coquille River IMay 2".
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. IMay 2:
C. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria IMay 25
Amer. Maru.. China & Japan IMay i;
Alamcda Honolulu 'May 2T
Curacao Mexican Ports ;.|May 27
Queen Puget Sound Ports |May 2~
i did not know what it was to eat a good breakfast m the morning, by noon 1
would become so sick and have great pain and discomiort 1 got so that 1 would do
'without eating as long as I could, so as to avoid the misery. At night I could not
sleep. The doctors said I had nervous iHl^l^^^^^^ff^WS^^ffl^^BliSiiil?
and at last I thought I would try them. I had only taken one Box when I obtained relief.
• . , " •" -^ •* ¦ * •*• ••'^ c«L w JLkJ L-k—^ • JL JL JL^ta'' M. JL V -^^ \*^ JL JL l» ¦ . (/l>^^ JCik ¦» ./, Jli^^ . /^^ JL JL V^ H. v^ JL JL ¦ Ji V^ X ¦ l^v JL JL . ' \J JL ¦ \A> JL JL JL C^v JL y V J V-^/ V— / (A ill v 3 I li .
The family 'bottle, 60 cents, contains a supply for a year.SEATTLE,, 'May 15.— Owing to the
downward ¦ tendency! of the - shingle mar
ket, .the ; Washington Red Cedar* Shingle
Manufacturers'. Association has ! ordered I a
shutdown of; the r three : hundred .shingle
mills i in - the ?, State, , beginning: ¦ Saturday *
and to last for; two, weeks.- ,;..-_;,; ;-.,. . ; .
Thtee Hundred v Mills to ; Close.
WILLOWS, May, 15.— W: H. Hodgson, a
well* known' farmer and *, member » of the
Board s of - Supervisors ' of '¦ Glenn County,
died at his home near Afton this morning.
Hodgaon had : been t falling ; f or; the past
year, and has not attended to county busi
ness for several months. /He was 62 years
of ajte* r --;:.'\-' '•••_••• •••• ¦•_.¦. .¦-.-.., •-. ¦-.
yj". - H. Hodgson.
1 CITY- OF MEXICO, Mexico, May * 15.— The
Mexican Government . will establish a legation
at Havana, accrediting a Minister .*Plenipoten
tiary." The first Minister will probably be the
nrescnt- Consul t General at ' the Cuban i capital.'
LEAVENWORTH, ' Kans.. , May ? 15.— Henry
Laboda, a Pole, aged 50 years, . and . Harvey
Clay, colored, aged 24, were Instantly killed to
day, by coming 1 in contact with a barbed wire
fence across which a broken electric light wire
had fallen. r
SAN JOSB. May 15. — The northbound New
Orleans express, due here ; at 9 :45 a. : m.; . waa
ditched, at Sargents, : six miles below Gllroy,
about 9 o'clock,, by ..the ..breaking of an axle
on the engine truck. No one was hurt.
HARRISBURG, Pa.. May 15.— Six canvas
men were injured, three of them seriously in
a wreck of the canvas and wagon train of
Forepaugh & Sells Brothers' circus this morn
ing at Marysvllle,' six ¦miles west of this city
- SANTA ROSA... May. 15.— Robert; Fltz-'
simmons, ; . accompanied by. his . wife and
eon and his ; manager, Clark i Ball, passed,
through ¦ this city. : on i the morning - train
over 'the California; Northwestern Rail
road to-day.;' The party, is en f route i to"
Skaggs Springs in ; the-; northern'part?of
this county," where the > ex-champion will
probably : select the site for his training
camp for the work which he intends to do
preliminary to meeting Jeffries.
Fitzsimmons Goes to Skaggs.
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— The colored
residents have felt much aggrieved over
the action of one. 'of the leading con
cessionaires at' the Street Fair in declin
ing ; them '¦" admission. A committee .; ol
prominent' colored: citizens, consisting; of
Ernest t Small, Beverly • Johnson, . Frank
J.; Butler and George Marshall, appeared
bef or.e'the Street | Fair., committee ¦ and
made a formal protest against the draw
ing of the color line by a man who was
using the public streets for ; his ? , show.
The Street Fair Club threatened .to expel
the concessionaire: if ' he did ¦ not give the
colored people '¦ equal ~- rights with -;the
white.' ;The * colored citizens were • pre
pared to bring * the * question Into the
courts if necessary to ; maintain their
rights. ; • ' " . ¦¦¦¦<' ¦: :. .....:
Colored Citizens Hake Protest.
SAN. JOSE, .May 15.— Four buildings
were destroyed by fire in East , San Jose
at an early hour this morning, entailing
a loss of about $4000. k The blaze ' was dis
covered in the cereal factory' 6f Lyon &
Hubbard on Alum Rock avenue, and be
fore it could be checked spread to the
Fraternal Aid Hall, owned by Mrs. Jane
Mansfield. .-¦' A cottage belonging . to • ,Ed
Carey \ and Mrs. » Ann Shaw's barn were
also destroyed. : '¦: ' •>'¦'•: . ,
Fire Destroys Four Buildings.
MUST FURNISH BONDS.— Superintendent
of Buildings Barnett has Issued an order re
quiring all laborers employed by the city • to
furnish bonds. • Following is- the - schedule :
Engineers. $2000; carpenters, $1000; • tinners.
$1000; nrfsoen. . $500, and Janitors . $500, with 1
per cent * year premium. -
NEW COMPANY 9 INCORPORATES. — Th©
Bohemian Mining and Milling Company was
incorporated yesterday with a capital stock
of $200,000. of which $112,000 is subscribed.
The directors are M. Debret, J. Q. Mansfield,
R. P. Clement, W. 8. Scott and T.,Hj Curley.
BOXING PERMIT.— The Supervisors', Police
Committee yesterday granted a permit to the
Hayes Valley Athletic. Club for a professional
boxing exhibition In June. The managers of
the club disclaimed any Intention of trying- to
match Jeffries and Fitzsimmons.
WIDOW SEEKS HER MITE.— Mrs. Mar
garet Rowell, a widow, has brought suit
against C. L. McFarland, administrator of the
estate of the late E. B. Stanton of Riverside,
to recover f 1010 60, which she alleges Stanton
held in trust for her. , •
BENEFIT TO JOSEPH WALLS.— A testi
monial benefit was tendered to Joseph Walls
in Mowry Hall last evening. There was a good
attendance and the entertainment was enjoyed.
Dancing: followed the rendition of a lengthy
programme. %
NORWEGIAN CONCERT.— The Norwegian
Club of San Francisco will give a play and
musical programme on Saturday evening. May
17, at Saratoga Hall on Geary street. Some of
the beet local talent Is billed to appear.
LABORER INJURED. — Charles Walsh, a
plasterer employed on a new building at Mar
ket and Geary streets, was ' badly cut on the
head by a falling- brick yesterday. He was
treated at the Emergency Hospital.
MINSTRELS WILL ENTERTAIN.— The Co
lumbia Minstrels will hold their regular
monthly entertainment and' dance Friday even
ing; May 23, Instead of May 16. as heretofore
announced. ; »:..:
BRIEF GITY NEWS.
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— E. H. Harri
man; president of the Southern Pacific
Company, visited , Sacramento to-day.
While here he was the guest of the Sac
ramento Chamber of Commerce. A car
riage drive was on the programme. ' . ; '
SAN RAFAEL, May 15.— President Har
rimar :and party arrived here this even
ing at 7:30 o'clockin their special train;of
six;cars. The party, left Sacramento this
afternoon, coming over the California
Northwestern tracks from Shellville. Har
riman will remain here : over night and
then go up -to, Ukiah via the California
Northwestern as the guest of President
Harriman Visits the Capital.
DENVER, Colo., May 15.— Governor Or
man to-night received the following . tele
gram, -from John Hay, ; Secretary "of Stats:
:> ; / WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15, 1902.
' James B: Or man. Governor of Colorado: , The
Chinese I Minister asks S protection against
threatened. .violence and the forcible expulsion
of Chinese at Silverton. If the facts are as
understood and ' represented by .the Minister I
should be pleased if you would take all active
measures for the protection of the Chinese you
may find » proper, and such other action you
may deem. appropriate for the prosecution and
punishment of the guilty- parties. ¦ •
¦,i. . '¦ •,'.. JOHN HAY, ;. Secretary of State. :
Governor Orman : immediately wired the
Sheriff at Silverton requesting him to send
the facts in the premises. The Chinese
have been warned to leave Silverton.
Calls the Attention of Secretary Hay
| I to the .Threatened Violence at
ui :¦'. > Silverton. • .
CHINESE • MINISTER \
ASK FOR PROTECTION
ROTTERDAM — Sailed May 15 — Stmr Pots
dam, for New York, via Bouloijme-Sur-Mer
and sailed from latter port at 7:30 p in '
SHANGHAI— Arrived May 15— fftm'r Kai
8ow, from Seattle and, Tacoma, via Yokohama
for London, via Hongkong, etc. •
SAIGON— =Sailed May 14— Stmr Chi np Wo'
from Tacoma, via Yokohama, etc,' and' Hong
kong:, for London. • • . - - , . . ~ -
LIZARDs— Passed May * 15 — Stmr La ! Bre
tagne, from New York. -. for Havre. " - : -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
VICTORIA. „ B ,C— Arrived May 15— Stmr
Princess May, from ; Br »hlp Brodtck Cas
tle, from Shanghai; bark Palmyra, from Port
Gamble.
Sailed April 15— Stmr Olympiad for Hong
kong; etmr Danube, for Alaska.
FOREIGN ... PORT,
ASTORIA— Arrived May 15— Stmr • Elmore
from Tillamook. ¦ ¦ ¦ . . * •
UMPQU A— Sailed May 14— Schr ' Lucy for
San Pedro. '
Arrived May 14— Schr i Dora Bluhm, from
Ban Pedro. -
PORTLAND— Sailed May 15— Stmr Queen
Mary, for Hankow. ¦
TACOMA— Sailed May 15— Stmr Al-Ki. for
Seattle.
SEATTLE— Sailed May 15— Stmr Santa Aha
for Skagway; stmr Cottage City, for Skaeway.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Thursday, May 15.
Stmr Lakme, Jensen, Eureka.
Stmr O H Lindauer, Allen, Grays Harbor.
SAILED.
' Thursday, May 15.
- Barga Santa Paula, McGovern, 2 days from
Ventura, In tow of tug Rescue; up river direct.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— Nearly all the
union painters and gralners in the city
walked out this morning. Only those em
ployed by persons and firms not members
of the Contractors' Association are at
work to-day. The strike is the result o£
the union men and Contractors' Associa
tion failing to reach a settlement. of the
differences between them which . arose
about three weeks ago. The contractors
insisted upon' the union men refusing to
do painting and graining : for the em
ployers not members of the association.
The men claimed the right to work for
any person who paid the union scale of
wages..' _.'¦ -;'¦¦ '' ¦¦¦.'" ¦' ¦':.'•' ¦ ' *\^v
Sacramento Painters Strike.
After .a recess the "question box" was
inaugurated as a means to lend zest to
the discussion of banking and financial
questions. , -
The regular monthly meeting of the
lately organized San Francisco Chapter of
the American' Institute of Bank Clerks
was held last night in the rooms of the
Chamber of Commerce, Merchants' Ex-,
change building. James K.j Lynch, cash
ier of the First National Bank, read a
scholarly paper on "Corporations as Bank
Depositors." A paper on "Facts and
Suggestions About Banking," by Ben
jamin C. Wright, Interesting as to its
information and graceful in style, was
listened to with much Interest.
Wright Give Addresses Before
Lately Organized Society.
James K. Lynch and Benjamin C.
BANK CLERKS LISTEN
TO INSTRUCTIVE PAPERS
.;- Judge Adams said: "Roth had paid
many assessments on his policy, and the
net value paid was sufficient to carry
after this lapse for a period extending to
the time of his death. Therefore the fact
that he failed to pay one assessment con
stituted no defense." '
; ST. LOUIS, "May, 15.— In the United
States District Court. > to-day Judge Ad
ams rendered -judgment in favor of Mrs.
Margaret Roth.V who j sued for \_the pay
ment of a $10,000 life-insurance v policy'
held ¦ by her- husband, Adam Roth;* a
wholesale grocer, . in the Mutual Reserve
Life Association of New York. The ver
dict Included costs. \ A short time prior to
his death Roth refused to pay- an assess^
ment on the policy, and this act the com
pany claimed made the policy invalid.
Suit Against 'the Mutual Re
serve Life Association.
insurance company
:" :¦ must; pay; the': policy
Important . Decision p Is Rendered in
Mayor Schmitz, who is desirous of main
taining harmony among city officials sug
gested that Webster and his deputies
meet with the Board of Education in an
endeavor to settle the disputed point, and
this will be done next week.
Superintendent Webster stated that the
Directors had expressed the opinion that
the Superintendent should assume the re
sponsibility of designating .inefficient
teacehers in order that the Board of Edu
cation could dismiss them from the de
partment. • ¦ •¦ ,*;- ..-.. ;
Webster took issue with- the board, and
producing the charter, and State law
pointed out to the Mayor that In neither
instrument • was there any specific provis
ion requiring him or his deputies to inquire
into the efficiency of teachers. , Webster
contended that this duty lay with the
principals of the various schools.
Superintendent of Schools Webster, with'
his deputies, L. A. Jordan, W. Kingsbury,
Dr. Howard and D. J. • Sullivan,.; held - a
conference yesterday with Mayor Schmitz
regarding the contention of the Board of
Education that the Superintendent's office
must Investigate the efficiency of teachers
and report thereon: to the board..,- .
. liOS' ANGELES,.' May. ; 15..—The,L.mys
ttry of the disappearance last Sunday-' of
G. R. ' Brookman;- forenian of R. Y. Mc-
Bride's printing establishment, was solved
late to-day by the discovery of the dead
body of the young man inlthe brush about
fifteen feet below the cliffs between Santa
Mcnica and Santa Monica Canyon. '"'The.
neck was : broken, one f of the.- arms^'.was
fractured in three places, one j leg: i n ; t W o
places,' and the face was scarred- /.and the
body badly .bruised. Death must : have
been Instantaneous. There is apparently
nothing to support any other theory^ than
that the unfortunate young man was ac
cidentally precipitated , over the 'bluff
while riding- his bicycle.' ; * V>'.*:V
Wheelman Falls o From a Cliff.
SAY THEY, MUST NOT PASS
ON TEACHERS' EFFICIENCY
The couple arrived in this city on
Wednesday and late yesterday afternoon
they journeyed to the City Hall and pro
cured the necessary marriage license.
They will spend their honeymoon in this
city.
Moses M. Drew, one of the best known
pioneers of this State, was' married last
night to Mrs. H. E. Moody at the Lick
House. Both are of Sacramento. Mr.
Drew was for many years Sheriff of Sacra
mento County and also served as Chief of
Police at the State Capitol. He was
United States Marshal in this city- and
captain of the prison guard at SanQuen
tin. He' is 65 years of age.
Mrs. Moody is 55 years of age and was a
resident of Truckee for many years.
Moses M. Drew, Aged 65 Years,
Weds Mrs. Moody at the •
Lick House.
FORMER SHERIFF OF
SACRAMENTO MARRIES
Postal Clerks jWill Honor Chief.
¦ .The employes of the mailing division of
the San Francisco Postofflce will 'entertain
Superintendent F. J. Ford on Sunday,
May 18, on the steamer St. Helena. This
affair will commemorate the twelfth year
of Mr Ford's incumbency in his position
and his twenty-eighth year in the postal
service. 'The committees having charge
of the affair are: Arrangements— C. G.
Hinds, chairman; Joseph V. Collins, sec
retary. R. 1». Apple, treasurer; G. W.
Michael, A. 12 Adams, I Martin Leisner,
Fred Haase, W. T. Callundon, F. A. Me
credy," A. S. J. Woods.cL. W. Nelson,
John Greenwell.. Music and entertainment
—Martin O'Donnell, D. B. Dwyer. Recep
tion—H. J.' Caveney (chairman), George
Glover, ¦ A. . B. Wessling,. .Charles Levy,
Joseph McTaniney, John Hogglund,
George W. Day, X*/E.Derre, C. C. Ben
sen, Joseph A. Fealy, James M. Kane and
H. H. Libbing. ,
St. Paul's Parish Picnic.
St. Paul's parishioners are preparing to
hold their twenty-third annual excursion
and picnic, which is to be given to Mira
bel Park on Tuesday, June 10: A meeting
of the gentlemen of the parish was held
Thursday night for the purpose of com
pleting arrangements. There will be rac
ing, games and dancing,. and a delightful
time is assured to all who attend.
The first steel vessel constructed at the
new yard of- the Risdon Iron Works at
the : Potrero " was launched yesterday.
This vessel is the steam, trawler King
fisher, to be used in Alaskan waters.
The Kingfisher Launched.
David Tarpey has filed with -the Board
of Supervisors a claim of $2665 50 for in
juries suffered by him In 'his person and
property through mob violence in the
course of \ two riots which occurred on
December '25 and 26.
Wants Damages for Hob Violence.
EISHOP WILLIAM TAYLOR
NEARS DEATH'S PORTAL
Noted Pioneer Missionary's Sons Are
Summoned to His Bedside at
Palo Alto.
ALAMEDA, May 15.— Senator E. TC
Taylor, City Recorder M. S. Taylor and
Harry R. Taylor, all of this city, were
summoned this morning to the bedside
cf their father, the noted Bishop William
Taylor, who^is lying at the point of death
at the home of another son, the Rev.
Ross Taylor, in Palo Alto, i
Bishop Taylor's health has been failing
rapidly during the last few weeks, and
the attending physicians hold out but lit
tle hope for recovery. He is 81 vears of
ege, and his once powerful constitution ig
breaking down with the advance of years.
To-day the Bishop was able to recognize
the members of his family, but was too
weak to soeak.
Bishop Taylor Is one of the pioneer
clergymen of the Methodist Episcopal
church in California. As a missionary he
Is known the world over. He has labored
for nearly three-quarters of a century in
the missionary fields of South Africa
Bouth America, India, the West Indies and
Australia. He was retired from active
service four years ago.
Lieutenants Want to Be Captains.
Lieutenants J. B. Martin, George Bird
sail, John Mooney and M. O. Anderson of
the Police Department wrestled for five
hours yesterday afternoon with the ques
tions constituting the test for promotions
from lieutenant to captain. The first sub
ject covered general knowledge of duties,
on which there were twenty questions,
among which were: f'What is the differ
ence in appearance between venous and
arterial blood, and how would you under
take to stop the flow of either?" "What
should be the first aid given to a man Buf
fering from a fractured thigh or a frac
tured collarbone, or from opium or mor
phine poisoning?" "Your squad Is In line
fronting a brick faouse 150 yards away.
Give the proper commands for volley fir
ing, aiming at the brick house."
Party at Co-operative Home.
A party was given last night at the
co-opera ti\e home for girjs at 4 Vernon
place in honor of the blrthdav of the
superintendent, Mrs. Blanche Fleming.
The evening was enjoyably passed with
frames and vocal and Instrumental music.
The home was artistically decorated for
the occasion.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND. May 15.— A license to marry
xras a ! Sf ued to-day to Arthur N. Phillips,
sped 2S and Anna Lels. ag:e<J 28, both of
Oakland. .„ :
STOCKHOLM, Sweden, May 15.— The
general strike decreed by the SociaV Dem
ocratic party in support of the suffrage
bill, the debate on which begins in Par
liament to-day, was carried out as ar
ranged, and the tie-up of business has
been practically complete since this morn
ing. Traffic generally is suspended.; The
street cars, cabs, vans, carts and -steam-'
ers are not running, and no work is go
ing on in any of the .factories or. shops;
The printers have also joined the strike;
which will lasf throughout the present
Parliamentary debate.*-.- . - f; v i-
STRIKE IN SUPPORT - • /
OF THE SUFFRAGE BILL
SANTA ROSA, May 15.— The engage
ment of Miss Clara McNear of Petaluma
to Dr. D. H. Leppo of this city was . made
known here to-day. The matter has been
kept a secret by the young peopU.-lsut
dtspite their efforts it • became known.
Miss McNear is the daughter of George
P. McNear, a prominent Sonoma County
capitalist and brother of John A. - Mc-
Near. She is a belle of Petaluma society.
Dr. Leppo is a prominent dentist of this
city.
Petaluma Belle to Wed.
• PHOENIX, A. T., May 15.^-Dr. Wilfred
G.'Frallck of New York, discoverer of a
germicide to ' cure consumption by in
fusion into the blood, to-day g demon
strated his treatment at the Sisters' Hos
pital in this city. The patients were
Judge Henson Kennedy of Prescott and
two others. About twenty-five local phy
sicians were present.
The remedy was introduced through a
vein in the wrist. Judge Kennedy is rest
ing easily to-night." It will be a day or
two. Dr. Fralick says, before the bene
ficial results will be fully manifest. Ap
plication was made to two other patients,
S. J. Painter of Phoenix and Albert Ko
kenge of Cincinnati. Treatment will be
given to others * to-morrow. Dr. Fralick
invites physicians to follow' the cases
carefully to the end. .There is great in
terest here. A few. local physicians dis
credit the treatment, -but- most of them
are impressed, and.. axe. inclined to sus
pend judgment. . The liquid germicide is
introduced by gravity into the empty
Vein, Dr. Fralick's theory being that 'in
that way it will be-carried to the remot
est hiding place of t any fqrm of bacteria."
ments. : With : Alleged Remedy.
„ for..the. Disease. : .
New York Physician Begins Experi •
USES A GERMICIDE
j TO CURE CONSUMPTION
Members of Islam Temple of the Shrin
ers will go to Sacramento on Saturday for
the purpose of introducing into "the play
ground of Masonry" twoscore and ten un-
% egenerates who have enrolled. themselves
in the great caravan across toe deserts
to Mecca. Potentate Charles H Murphy
promises a night of fun, and Uncle Hiram
T. Graves says, "Me, too." follow
ing is the programme for the nobles of
the shrine and their ladles: .
Reaching Sacramento at 4 p. m.. the ladies
will have an opportunity for sight-seeing, while
the nobles will attend the special session of
Islam Temple for business and ceremonies be
tween 5 and 7 p. m.
"Go as you please for dinner between T
and 8 p. m., at which latter hour the nobles
of Islam Temple and their ladles will attend
the Street Fair Carnival, where Queen Fay will
receive them as her special guests at the
Royal Court. This evening has been desig
nated as Shriners' evening. After the recep
tion the nobles and their ladies will repair to
the Masonic Temple for refreshments and
"zem zem waters," and when their appetites
are satiated, may return to . the Pullman
coached for "sweet slumber."..
Special Shriners' train will leave Sacramento
for home at 3 p. m. Sunday. _
ISLAM TEMPLE SHRINERS
TO GO TO SACRAMENTO
Miss Marshall leaves the company after
a season of strenuous work. She has
risked her life time and again to carry
out the ideas of -writers of lurid melo
dramas. Time and again she has been
plunged into icy waters in order that the
villain might marry another, but has al
ways come up serenely. She has been
blown' up in powder explosions; has had
elevators drop on her, and taken perilous
trips on windmills. For this reason the
management of the house thought she
was entitled to a benefit on the comple
tion of work well done. . ¦
Georgie Cooper will raise her voice in
song; the Florodora "Quartet" will ren
der their specialty; Miss Forence Chap
man, a sweet singer from the Tivoli, 5s
to do a stunt; the Bennett children are
scheduled to do a turn, and other volun
teers have offered their services.
I Annette Marshall, the versatile leading
! lady of the Central Theater, will be given
_a benefit at that playhouse this evening.
The friends of the popular actress have
purchased Innumerable tickets : and the
house will be crowded.- "The World," a
melodrama that gives the clever people
at the Central . an opportunity, to dispiay
their" ability, will be produced. Instead
Qf usual overture between acts" spe
cialties will be Introduced.
MISS ANNETTE MARSHALL
TO RECEIVE A BENEFIT
Boronda in a dying statement said that
while visiting his divorced wife last even
ing for the purpose of arranging the pay
ment of a mortgage held' by Agutrre,
which the latter was about to foreclose,
some person \ threw a clod against the
door. He went outside, saw Aguirre and
followed him two- blocks... Borpnda said
that after* a wordy war : and" a sharp
struggle ¦ Aguirre* shot .him - in the . stom-.
ach. Aguirre, who was : arrested, says he'
was not at or near the- Boronda" home,
but was shot at by Boronda and returned
the fire. Although Boronda claimed he
did not fire his revolver, two chambers
of his weapon had been discharged.
SALINAS, May 15.— Antonio Boronda, a
rancher, who lived at Castroville, was
shot end killed by Harry Aguirre to-day.
BULLET FROM A PISTOL
TERMINATES HIS LIFE
POINT PLEASANT, W. Va., May 15.—
The American Hotel, a frame structure,
and several adjoining buildings were
burned last night. Five liv*s are known
to have been lost. Four bouies have been
recovered. The dead:
JOHN SLACK of Kanawha County.
ELIAS HAMBRICK of Kenwood, Ma
son County.
C. WOODALL, son of John Woodall.
.They were farmers and were as
grand jurors at the Crhnin? court.
They were sleeping on the second floor.
Lee Carlisle, a. mate- on the Ohio River,
was so badly burned that, he will die.
Henry Woodall and Maud Wise were also
injured. The loss is estimated at $30,000.
FIVE LIVES s ARE LOST
- BY BURNING OF A HOTEL
LAUREL, Neb., May 15.— John Jacob
son, his wife and infant child were
smothered to death by smoke and Wil
liam Snyder, a clerk, and another of the
Jacobson children, aged 6, were seriously
burned in a fire in the living rooms over
Jacobeon's implement store early to-day.
Snyder who lived with the family, was
awakened l>y vhe flames anu succeeded in
rescuing the older child, but entrance to
the sleeping apartments of the remainder
of the family was cut off by the flames.
The origin of the fire is unknown. The
financial loss is small. ••."'...
Three Lives Lost in a Fire.
ALAMEDA, May 15.— H; P. Moreal, the
prominent local real estate agent, died
suddenly this morning shortly after 3
o'clock at his home, 1556 Pacific avenue.
Valvular disease of the heart was the
cause of death. No member of Mr. Mo
real's family was with ' him when he
passed away. His wife Is at Eccles, in
Santa Cruz County, and their only daugh
ter, Mrs. Herbert Blanding, was at San
Anselmo, in Marin County. She was com
municated with and arrived here this
forenoon.
Mr. Moreal was in his usual health last
evening, and was on Park street with
friends until 11 o'clock. He went :;ome in
company with William Dufour, his confi
dential clerk, and Elmer E. Roberts. . The
latter was to stop at the Moreal residence
for the night and go with Mr. Moreal to
San Francisco this morning to attend to
some business in which both were inter
ested. About 2 o'clock Mr. Roberts was
«^wakened by the groaning of Mr. Moreal.
He hurried to the bedside of the sufferer
and found him writhing in terrible pain.
Mr. Dufour was summoned by telephone,
as was also Dr. W. O. Smith. Everything
possible was done to alleviate the ago
nies of the stricken man, who continued
to sink steadily until death ended his
sufferings.
H. P. Moreal was a native of San Jose,
and 49 years of age. He had been en
gaged in the realty business in this city
i for many years, and was instrumental In
improving and building up several of the
best residence sections of Alameda. He
delighted in driving a good horse, and was
one of the organizers of the Gentlemen's
Driving Association.
Heart Disease Attacks and Suddenly
Ends Life of H. P. Moreal of
Alameda.
PROMINENT REAL
ESTATE MAN DEAD
The petition of property owners for the
construction of sidewalks on Folsom
street, between Third and Fourth, was
referred to the Board of Works. There
are seventy-one accepted streets involved.
Charles J. Green of the Labor Protective
Union requested that the wages of street
sweepers be fixed at $2 50 per day. The
application was referred to the Board of
Works.
The communication from the~Brother
hood of Teamsters calling attention to the
alleged violation by the Market-street
Railway Company of its franchise through
the carrying of freight over its roads was
referred to the City Attorney for an opin
ion.
The committee adopted the recommend
ation of the Board of Works that the
sidewalks on Twenty-sixth street, be
tween Folsom and Bryant, be reduced to
twelve feet. .... - ,. ............. . ._
A number of Mission residents were
present to be heard on . the petition of the
Southern Pacific Company for a franchise
to construct a cut-off line, but owing to
the absence of Chairman Curtis of the
committee, who is ill, consideration was
postponed for two weeks. It is under
stood that the Mission residents will in
sist on the withdrawal of the tracks in
that district as a condition under which
the franchise shall be granted. . Consid
eration of the petitions of three street
railroad companies for new franchises
also went over for two weeks.
The committee recommended the pass
age of the ordinance . extending the time
during which half-rate tickets for pupils
may be used on school days. Attorney
Tobin stated that the company would
abide by the terms of the ordinance as
amended.
Joseph A. Tobln, attorney for the
United Railroads, appeared before the Su
pervisors' Street Committee yesterday and
stated that the company would remove all
unused rails from the streets as soon as*
a list of the sections of streets bearing
the tame is furnished by the Board of
Public Works.
Time When School Children's
Tickets May Be Used.
United Railroads Agrees to Extend
WILL REMOVE UNUSED
RAILS FROM STREETS
DAVID CITY, Neb., May 15.— George
Gould, one of the three brothers arrested
last February for complicity in the
wrecking of the Platte Valley Bank at
Bellwood and later released, has been re
arrested on a similar charge.
Nearly $150,000 of forged notes were dis
covered, for the forging of which A. H.
Gould was convicted. George Gould was
released for lack of evidence. When ar
raigned to-day .on the new charge he
pleaded not guilty and was remanded to
jail. - • . . . _¦ - -
ALLEGED BANK , WRECKER
MUST NOW STAND TRIAL
The residue of the estate is left to -the
following charitable institutions of San
Francisco in share and share alike: Boys'
and Girls' Aid Society, Ladies'! Protective
and Relief Society,. Pacific Hebrew Or
phanage, Little Sisters' Infant Shelter, St.
Francis Girls' Directory," San Francisco
Girls' Union, Youths' Directory, San Fran
cisco Protestant Orphan Society. Young
Women's Christian Association, and San
Francisco Settlement Association.
- SAN RAFAEL, May 15.— The will of, the
late James Findlayson was filed in j the
County Clerk's office to-day. The deceased
left large amounts to each of : his sisters,
some to his friends and the balance to
charitable institutions. Countess Ingargo
lia was not remembered in the.wilL There
was a stipulation bequeathing $25 each to
any and all women claiming to , be widows
of Findlayson. Those to whom Findlay
son left his fortune and. the amounts they
are to receive are: Mrs. Martha McKinnon
of St. Louis, Mo., a sister, $20,000; Mrs.
Findlayson ¦ Drynan. now Mrs. . William
Patterson, of San Francisco,. $20,000; Mrs.'
( F. L. Mason, a friend in Tulare, $15,000;
Mrs. James Anderson, another friend, of
San Francisco, $3000; the British Benevo
lent Society, $4000.
charitable; societies ' i ';-:
V SHARE-; HIS FORTUNE
Both men were convicted yesterday. by
a jury in the United States District Court
of the crime of conspiracy to make coun
terfeit $5 pieces. They hired a room at 748
Harrison street last February and on the
13th of that month two policemen search
ed their valises and found twenty-five
counterfeit $5 pieces all completed, except
the gilding. For this reason, and because
of a ruling of Judge de Haven in 'the
Fritch case last year, that ungilded white
metal $5 pieces could not deceive any one
and therefore could not be considered as
counterfeits in the penal sense, the indict
ment was found for conspiracy. McDon
ough asserted that the coins and tools
were the property of Gray and Gray de
nied their ownership. On his trial for
shooting and killing a man in Colorado a
few years ago, McDonough proved self
defense and the jury acquitted him with
out leaving their seats. He is very bit
ter against Gray in the present case.
When ex-Convict Fred Gray, alias Hast
ings, gets out of the State Penitentiary,
to which he will be- sentenced on Satur
day, he will keep a keen watch for his
oldtlme friend James McDonough, alias
Virginia Jim. Within^ a few years past
McDonough has killed one man and
wounded another. He is handy with a
"gun" and is not afraid to look down the
muzzle of one. \ " -
McDONOTTGH AITD GRAY
GUILTY OF CONSPIBACY
NEW YORK, May 15.— The Evening Post
says: It was reported at Tammany Hall
this morning that Richard Croker will
be in New York within a month, and will
either resume the leadership of the or
ganization which Lewis Nixon laid down
yesterday or select a successor to Nixon.
It was predicted that a thorough politi
cian, probably one of the district leaders,
will be chosen, as the experiment of put
ting a business man at the head of Tam
many, Hall has turned out to be a fail
ure.
I have not. been dictating to Nixon. On the
contrary, I have been taking no active inter
est in New York politics and have directed
everybody to support Nixon. It was a benevo
lent and not a political question, and Nixon
had no cause to resign. I am sorry and hope
he will reconsider his determination. It will
be a serious Inconvenience to the party or*
ganlzatlon If he refuses to reconsider his de
cision. I will Rive no advice, because my ene
mies will talk and say I am dictating New
York politics from abroad.
LONDON, May la.— When questioned re
garding the statement made by Lewis
Nixon that Richard Croker dictated h!a
resignation as the leader of Tammany
Hall, Croker said:
BOSS CHOKER DENIES
DICTATING TO NIXON
WASHINGTON, May 15.— As the Presi
dent, after considering the report of Col
onel Crowder, has decided that he cannot
interfere with the cattle shipments at
Port Chalmette, La., and as the executive
is the only branch of the Government
clothed by the constitution to pass upon
the application of the laws of neutrality,
as expressly affirmed by the Louisiana
courts recently, it is not believed here
that the Louisiana State authorities will
seek to make an issue with the Federal
courts by undertaking to do what the
President himself has not seen fit to do.
It is presumed that in due course the
executive's decision will be communicated
to the Governor of Louisiana, who first
brought the Port Chalmette operations to
the attention of the National Government.
The source from which the Dally Mail
obtains this information is the same as
that which enabled the paper to an
nounce on April 18 that peace was assured.
That was before anything had been said
about the meetings between Lord Kitch
ener and the Boer leaders.
LONDON, May 15.— No details are yet to
hand regarding the Boer deliberations at
Vereeniging, but the Daily Mail under
stands that sufficient indications trans
pired to justify the assertion that peace
is absolutely assured.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Aelxander Young Jr. is a son of Alex
ander Young, of Vernon Heights, the
richest of Hawaiian planters and Secre
tary of the Treasury of the islands when
they composed an independent, govern
ment. His home has been for a number
of years at 562 Sycamore street, one of
the handsomest residences of the city.
The marriage of the Youngs in 1893 was
a brilliant social affair. They have been
accepted everywhere in the ultra-social
set and their separation will come as a
surprise to many.
The custody of their two boys, aged 6
and 3, is asked for by the plain tiff. There
Is no demand for money, as the husband
is understood to have provided . his wife
with an ample income. There is no com
munity property that the unhappy couple
could fight over.
The culmination of a series of quarrels
that had hitherto been unsuspected by
their friends In society is told in a di
vorce complaint that was filed to-day ty
Mrs. Blanche Young against Alexander
Young Jr. Mrs. Young does not charge
her husband with anything more than
certain inco'mpatabllitles of temper, but
they seem to have been sufficient to have
destroyed their happiness and j impelled
her to brave the notoriety and disagree
able exposures of the divorce courts. No
violence is charged, nothing that contains
even a suggestion of threatening hands,
only such unpleasant incidents as have
affected the peace of mind of the plaintiff
and made them both think they can get
along better separated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, May 15.
Lord Pauncefote obtained his highest
official and personal popularity under the
McKinley administration. He was re
garded as a firm friend of this Govern
ment in the war with Spain and the recent
attempt to show he had written a note to
be presented by the corps of embassadors
to McKinley, showing their hostility to
the believed purpose of the United States
to go to war with Spain, has never found
credence among those who knew him.
Lord Pauncefote. who is dean of the
diplomatic corps, is known by sight to
everybody in Washington. His white
hair and mustache, sturdy frame, ruddy
English complexion and genial manners
and appearance all combined to make him
the most picturesque character in Wash
ington. .
Pauncefote never held a diplomatic post
until he came to Washington in' 1889 as
the successor to Lord Sackville-West, who
was recalled on complaint of Secretary
Bayard because he advised former Britisn
subjects In California to vote for Cleve
land.,
CALL BUREAU,' 1406 G STREET, N.
"W.. WASHINGTON, May 15. — Lord
Pauncefote, British Embassador to the
United States, is seriously ill and there
Is every reason to believe that his death
may occur in a short period. He is over
70 years old and his advanced age for
bids the hope that he will rally from his
present attack. Pauncefote's chief ail
ment is rheumatic gout, which has at
tacked his heart and other vital organs.
The disease has laid him low many times
in the past, but his vigorous constitution
and pluck always brought him back to a
fair degree of health.
> President Nicholls of the first district
was the first great champion of the strike
advocates. Mitchell; who was the last to
speak, was listened to with the greatest
attention. It is also said that a telegram
was read from the American Federation
of .Labor against a pefmartent suspension.
But the delegates' would not listen, and
amid suppressed excitement the vote was
taken. .For a time it looked as though
the peace advocates would win, but when
delegation after delegation from the lower
district, the last to be called, answered
"Yes", it was seen that the men who fa
vored a fight had .won. The result was re
ceived by the convention with applause,
which, however, was not very enthusias
ti.* or prolonged. The men appreciated
the seriousness of their, decision, which
no doubt dampened their ardor.
The miners insist that fiearly all the
engineers, firemen and pump runners be
long to their organization and say that
they can get all to quit if they wish to.
In the event this is brought about it
would do incalculable damage to the
mines through flooding, unless the com
panies can fill the men's places.
President Mitchell was apparently in
good humor to-night. He was pressed
for an opinion on the situation, but he
refused. Wilkesbarre probably will be
the strike headquarters.
President Mitchell's advice to the miners
was for peace,' and he gave it to them in
the plainest and most forceful of Ian-,
guage. He was ably assisted by Presi
dent Fahey and Secretary Hartley of the
lower district and Secretary Dempsey of
the upper territory: "
¦ • While the : leaders are cautious and not
forecasting their -actions,, it is not un
likely that the miners' fight will be car
ried into the bituminous coal regions and
into other- fields of industry. Mine work
ers ' for eight months have been looking
forward to the strike that is now upon
them. For the strike they have saved
their money and are considered to be in
better shape to-day for a fight than they
were • in the great strike of 1900. That
struggle ended in the mine owners giving
the men a 10 per cent advance after a six
months' suspension. The operatora-^are
on record as being unalterably opposed to
granting -the men any concessions and
they have informed the "mine workers'
leaders of that fact. The workers fear
that, the (present fight may mean the de
struction of their . organization, because
they believe that the • operators are
bent more on wrecking their organization
than they are in opposing the demands
for higher wages and shorter work days. |j
HAZLETON,;Pa.,May 15.— The anthra
cite mine workers, in convention late this
afternoon,, decided to continue the .strike
of 145,000 men '.'against the mine owners
and to fight it out to the bitter end. The
matter, of calling out the engineers, fire
men and pump runners. will be decided by
the I delegates 'to-morrow; The vote to
continue the suspension "vsas as follows:
Total vote cast, 811; ; for, strike, 461&;
against strike, 349% ; majority v f or strike,
111%. ¦' )
President Mitchell, however, in com
pliance with the rules of the United Mine
Workers, announced to the public that the
action of the convention was unanimous.
The office of inspector was abolished
this term by request o* President
Wheeler, the position not being considered
of importance enough to maintain a high
salaried man. The office will go out of
existence on July 1. Mr. .Shinn' s work
will be carried on by A. V.' Steubenrauch,
whose appointment as assistant in horti
culture under Professor "E. J. Wickson
will be announced at the university before
the begirining of next term. Steuben
rauch is a graduate of California, was for
merly fellow in horticulture at Cornell
and is at present employed in the Illinois
Experiment Station. > . • . ;.
Mr. Shinn's work . a3 inspector "• of the
half dozen agricultural stations which
the State maintains has placed him in the
foremost rank of horticulturists and his
special studies on forestry have made him
an expert in that subject. His future
work will be in forestry. His home is in
Niles. • • • ¦ ¦ •: '.
BERKELEY, May' 15.— With the closing
of this college year the . University of
California will lose, one of. its old and
f aithlul . workers through - the ; resignation
of Charles H. Shinn,. inspector of agricul
tural experiment stations. Mr. Shinn has
been carrying on the task -in which, he
is now engaged for the last eleven years
and during that time he has. proved him
self of much value to the. agricultural de T
partment of the university and has aided
Government and other plans for the pro
motion of forestry. * . '
By accident Miss Robie met her down
cast Suisun suitor yesterday. His deject
ed appearance and pathetic appeals so
worked upon her feelings that she con
sented to cast all other duties aside, with
the above result. The other man arrived
upon the. scene to-day only to learn that
the woman he expected would be his- wife
had gone, never, to return to him.
Chrisler had been paying attention !¦ to
the young lady during her two years" res
idence here. It' was a case of mutual love,
but Miss Robie was engaged to a young
man in one of the northern counties, and
on this account her ¦ parents did not , en
'courage Chrisler's visits . to their home.
The daughter had promised them not to
break the engagement with her be
trothed and every arrangement had been
completed for the ' marriage, which was
to: have taken place at the Robie home
to-day. \ ¦';•• .-,:¦' ;
¦' SUISUN, May 15.— William A. Chrisler
and Miss Mona Robie,. a", popular Voung
couple of Suisun, eloped . to . Napa last
evening and were united in marriage^ in
that city at 11 o'clock in County Clerk
Collins'- office by the Rev. Mr. Annes of
the Baptist church. "Even their most in
timate friends here did not know that
they were to be married. In fact,: their
plan -had not been arranged until yester
dav. ¦ ' ¦.¦-'. ; ¦ V- ' / . '"•'
Special Dispatch to The. Call.
Among the belongings of McCoy found
during the police raid was a bludgeon a
foot long, with a leather sack filled with
hard putty at one end. Chief of Police
Hodgkins believes Baldwin is not a dis
charged marine, but is one of the prison
ers who escaped from the Presidio sev
eral months ago by tunneling under a
stockade fence. The Chief says the credit
for these arrests belongs to Night Cap
tain Petersen, Sergeant of Police Green
and Detective George Kyte.
Both of the footpads have signed state
ments, which the police have filed for
use during: their examinations. In the
course of his confession, McCoy said:
"It's no use, if you hadn't arrested the
whole gang we could have proved alibis.
I don't care if I get fifty years."
.About the time of the Belden hold-up,
Mrs. A. Martin, a stranger, who was
visiting in Oakland, was stopped on Har
rison street by two men, who choked and
6ea.rcb.ed her for valuables. This robbery
¦was also reported to the police, who se
cured from McCoy and Baldwin their ad
missions of guilt in this affair as well.
The other robbery was that of Dan F.
Belden, a prominent society man of this
city, who was stood up by McCoy and
Baldwin on the night of May 3 on Jack
son street, near Fourteenth, and robbed
of a gold watch, pin and money. Belden,
who was perfectly self-possessed during
the hold-up, remembered his assailants'
appearance and he had little difficulty In
recognizing them to-day at the City
Prison,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, May 15.
James McCoy and Walter' Baldwin have
confessed to the police that they are
guilty of three robberies and one at
tempted hold-up which have occurred in
this city -within a couple of weeks. Be
fore Chief of PoUce Hodgkins. Captain of
Police Petersen and Detective Kyte, the
men, who have been in custody for several
days, admitted their part in the crimes.
The pair will be formally charged at once^
Two of the robberies have already been
made public — that of Newton Blodgett
and a Japanese cook on the night of
Alay 6.
Mrs. Blanche Young Begins
Suit Against Alexander
Younsr Jr.
Men in the Bituminous Coal
Region May Join the
Strikera
Advanced Age Forbids Hope
of Him Throwing Off ~ :
the Disease.
State Loses Horticulturist of
Note Through Changes
at Berkeley.
Suisun Belle Weds Another
\ Despite Promise and
Protest.
Announcement Is Believed
to Rest Upon High
Authority.
Excellent Work of Depart
ment Hastens Funish
ment of Thieves.
Inspector C. EL Shinn Re
t signs Position at
California.
Troubles of Society Pair
Shown in Divorce
Complaint.
Suitor Appears'for;Mar
riage to. Learn of ;
< Elopement.
Rheumatic Gout Attacks
His Heart and Leaves
Him Weak.
Footpads Tell the Story
of Robberies to Po
licemen.
London Paper Says That
Peace at Last Has
Been Assured.
Majority • of Convention
Votes to Continue
.Suspension.
CONFESS THEIR
PART IN CRIMES
EXPECT DEATH
OF PAUNCEFOTE
EXPERT LEAVES
THE UNIVERSITY
WAR'S CARNAGE
NEARS AN END
WEDDED COUPLE
NO MORE AGREE
CUPID DISPELS
LOVER'S DREAM
MINERS DECIDE
TO FIGHT IT OUT
THE S AN IJCALL; -T?mpAW$gffl&Y* 16, 1902.
9
GRAPE-UITTS.
¦ * * ¦ .
Meat Eaters
gain strength
and Economy
on
Grape=Nuts
all Grocers
DOAN'S KIDNEY POLS.
MSANFRANCISCO \
Every Claim -Is Backed by Local
Testimony.
If the reader wants stronger proof than
the following statement and experience
of a citizen here at home, what can it be?
Charles E. Schwartz, paper hanger,
decorator, painter and whltener, residenc*
1731 Eddy street, shop 310 O'Farrell street,
says: "For at least twenty years I have
been subject to kidney complaint but for
the last twelve the attacks were much
more pronounced and of much longer du-
ration. "When a man has been laid up
several times so that he could not leave
the house, when he used everything on
the market which came. to his notice from
reading newspapers or which he was ad-
vised to use by hi3 friend3, when he has
invested in the most expensive electric
belt procurable, when he has worn flannel
bandages over the kidneys for months,
when some of the attacks were so severe
that he fell on the street and had to be
.taken home, when the pain was iso great
that it actually caused nervous chills,
when the secretions from the kidneys
were dark brown. sc«Ided and robbed him
of many a night's sleep from their fre-
quency, when that man has become so
weak thatthe least exertion wearies him •
and causes his back to ache more severe-
ly, he naturally becomes enthusiastic
about the means he employs to get relief.
I used Doan's Kidney Pills, getting:. them
at the No -Percentage and the Owl .'druse
stores. If the first box had not given
undoubted improvement I never would
have spent the price of a second, because
I had lost faith in medicine to a certain
extent. ' You are at liberty to tell resi-
dents of San Francisco that I am more
than pleased to recommend Doan's Kid-
ney Pills and that I will repeat in a per-
sona) interview what - I have stated
above." . » - ¦¦ .
For sale by all dealers. Price 50 cents.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. T., sola
agents for the United States.
Remember the name — Doan's— and
take no substitute.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Hailed
on Application.
COAL, COKB AND PIO IROJf .
J-C WILSON &CQ.. JSSSRSiSk.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS.BOYES&CO- S5?yigg^tt
OILS.
1.CBRIC ATTXO OILS. . LEONARD * E1XIX
*18 Front it.. 8. F. Pbon« Mala 1TM>.
PRINTING.
E-C BUGflES, mZair
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 Tint «tre«t. Saa Fr&netamk
DDTTOnrC FOR BARBERS, BAK-
DnU^rillo ers - bootblacks, bath-
WllUU11XJ T hous«i. billiard. tables,
brewers, bookbinders. candy-mak«r«, cann«rs.
dyers, flourmllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factortaa.
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners,- tailors. «t&
BUCHANAN BROS.. ..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramsnto St
Food; Without
doubt die food used
in infancy has a large
influence on after
years in a child's life.
. Babies of all ages in our book,
;;J «f Mellu'sFood BabUs^ sent free.
Mellln's Food Co., Boston, Mass.
Oppression, Soffocation, Neuralgia, etc. , cured b j
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York, E. FOUOERA & CO.
"' ' *8OU> BYALL DRUGGIST. •'-THIS IS NOT A PIRATE BfOLD—
ONLY THE .CAPTAIN OP "THE
CHALLENGER,"
WASHINGTON. May 15.— General Isaac
Kahn, pie Persian Minister, sailed to-day for
Europe on the steamer Klaochau, where he
will Join all sovereign at Centervllle, France
BALTIMORE. May 15.— Joe Bernstein,
the feather-weight pugilist of New York
and "Young Corbett" were matched to
day to fight on June 2 at Chicago.
Corbett to Fight Bernstein.
OTTUMWA, Iowa, May 15.— The twen
ty-flfth annual trapshooting tournament
of the Iowa State Sportsmen's Associa
tion closed to-day. Fred Gilbert and Rus
sell Klein of Spirit Lake won the honors
of all three days.' Klein to-day won the
Ottumwa diamond badge for ten live
birds. ',*":'¦'
Trapshooting Honors for Gilbert.
DENVER, Colo., May 15.— "Reddy" Gal
lagher deposited to-day $500 : as a guaran
tee of a $5000 purse for a boxing contest
in this city between Young Corbett and
Dave Sullivan, winner to take. all. Young
Corbett's manager has already- agreed to
tbe match.
Seek to Hatch Corbett in : Denver.*
, ¦ ; Five and a ; half f urlongs-^-GIbraltar (See) 4
to l.won; Jarretlerre d'Or'(Ross); 7 to 5 sec
ond; Saul of.Tarsus (Burlingame). 7 to 5, third
Time, s 1:08..- Jacqueminot and Dwlght Way also
, Seven " furlongs — Kickumbob (Burlingame)
to 2. won; Mamie Hlldreth : (S#e), 8 to 5 sec
ond; The -Miller (Kelly), 2% to 1,- third. Time
1:2S&. Mike Rice, Halmetta and Monda also
ran-v.>, ¦•; r ¦ •": ¦¦:> .; -'¦: ¦.-•¦-.. - ....
¦ One mile — Loyal, S (See), 3 to 1, won; Lode
star (Burlingame), 3 to 1,. second; Billy Mbore
(Frawley), 3 to 2. third. -Time, 1:42%. Sena
tor - Matts, - Windward, \ Whaleback and Nllgar
also:ran.-,' - , • r , ¦ > V • .. ¦ .-• .<
.-. Five and a ¦ half furlongs — Eldred (Kelly) 5
to 1, won ; ¦ Clarando (Tullett). 6 to 1. second •
Bogus • Bill (McNichols), 4 to 1, third.' Time
•1:08%.*- Ned Dennis. DebetlckAYoung Moreilo'
iJerld and Bagdad also: ran. ' ,:
Five furlongs — Rey Hooker < McNichols) 8 to
1,- won;. George H. Clark (Frawley); 6 to 1. sec
ond; Intrepldo (Kelly); 7 to 1, third. Time.
1:02. Master Cal. Sol. Rouletto "Wheel, Goddess
of . Night and Casdale : also ran. ,¦• ¦.
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— The attend
ance at .the Capital City . Jockey . Club's
races at Agricultural Park to-day was
large. The spectators had a run for their
money.. All five of the races were exciting
from beginning to end, with close fin
ishes to all.". Jockey. See won. two races
and Burlingame, Kelly and McNichols
• each T one. ',¦ -The track was. In fine condition
and the weather pleasant Summary:
While Burlingame, Kelly and
McNichols Win One Each., .
Jockey See Pilots Two Winners
EXCITING : RACES MABK
THE SACRA3ttENT0 MEETING
FIST FIGHT. ENIiIVENS
; PTTTSBTrBQ-BOSTON- GAME
Tenney and ClarkevAre Escorted Off
• the Field in the Eighth for ;
• Their Aggressiveness.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, May 15.— A' wild . throw by Dah
le:i that netted three bases and Taylor's hit
gave the locals the winning run after twelve
innings of all kinds of ball to-day. Attendance!
Jiwi . oCOX'G • . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ~ ~ I*..,
• ' •' >.-.' \ - r.':-^.:/;b.:
Chicago ...........J.. 8 12 '4
Brooklyn :...;..•..;.¦:............¦.. .7 n j
- Batteries — St. Vraln, Taylor and King; New
ton. Farrell and Ahern. Umpire— Emslle. ;
CINCINNATI, May 15.— Cincinnati won the
last game "¦ of the series • with -¦ Philadelphia.
Ev.-Ing pitched good ball. Pitcher Stimmel and
Outfielder Bay were released . to-day. .• Attend
ance, 400. Score:
'¦":¦'.*•:' R. ' H.. E.'
Cincinnati .....::............ .8 9 r
Philadelphia ........,; 4 : ¦: 7^\ 1
Batterlps— Ewlng and Bergen; -Iberg.Voor
heos and Dooln. .' Umpires— Powers and Brown.'
I P1TTSBURG, May M5.^— Both* pitchers - were
effective and the game : was : snappy through
out. Tenney and Clarke were put out ofithe
garni In the. eighth inning. for engaging In a
nst fight. Attendance.' 2500. : Score: • - ¦ ¦
I : : . : - ¦-¦". . ¦..'"; :'¦ v R.,".h;';'e.'
Plttsburg .....I'. .'..'. .V... '.....''...:¦, 6 9 ¦'¦"¦ 3
Boston .........".......'..¦.......... 1 .'4 ' 2
i>- ; -^.' ¦¦¦¦'.¦•'.¦ .'' : "'¦'•' ¦' " ¦/¦•¦' R- H.."'K."
Phlladelphja r.....:. ......:...... ...31V iJ; q
Boston,. .'.'....¦.¦..";..¦.:......;......' 6 '.13 - -.'4
• ' Batteries^— Plank and; Fleetinah ; '• Young and
Crlger."-'; _// ..-,;. ;, ; . : ¦.-,.-. ....• ,'. ¦• _." ; < •
. -AMERICAN LEAGUK.
. "WASHINGTON.-* May , 15.— A , batting streak,
two dingles, ¦ av double 'and-, two triples In the
seventh inning won : the game for 'Baltimore
to-day. Attendance 3000. Score: ¦
'"¦ ' : •.• ; ¦'.', '¦'¦;¦"¦' ¦"¦.':.;¦;*'-¦;.' •¦R.'""H. ' B.'
WashlngtonJ ....';.*.!. '..'...';. 7'.. ;..'2 >: 1- -l
Baltimore . . . .'...; ;..'.'.-. ........... 6 12 -3
" Batterles^-Lee and | Drill ; McGlnnlty E and
;Roblnson.:'' ¦ ;. . --. \, •• ;
: '.PHILADELPHIA. -May ».— Young Was 'in
superb ¦ form to-day, . only seven -hits scat
tered through six Innings, -being made by the
locals, .-.who ¦ would > have 'been "shut out- but- for
tho errors of the Boston fielders.- ' Attendance
250O._; Score: , .. . , - ,. ¦¦¦ ; ,. .
SACRAMENTO, May 15.— In ] the tennis
tournament to-day Porter brothers of
Woodland defeated the^Elllott brothers of
Penryn, 6—1, 3—6,. 6—1. To-morrow the
Porter brothers . will play Pope and Lum
bard of Sacramento for the championship
of Northern California in doubles.
Miss Rose Sheehan and Mrs. F. W.
Moore defeated Miss Minnie Klelnsorgo
and Miss Rita Colclough, winning, the
Klune & Floberg loving cup for the sec
ond time. ¦ Score . 6r-0, 6— 3,*6— 1.' \ . '.-
In singles , Charles rLumbard beat « J. : S.
Craig ofWoodland.-H. R; Elliott beat D.
A., Patterson. V. Whitney. beat C. L. Por
ter; H. F. Elliott, the -champion in . sin
gles of Northern California, beat A. . B.
Rodman of Woodland; 'F; A. Porter beat
Ben Allen,- L.J.Hinsdale beat M. Upson'
E. S. Hinsdale beat H. G. Smith, Dr.
Liesenring beat A. H. Hawley, >H. R. El
liott beat F. Atkinson, and H. F. Elliott
beat L. J. Hinsdale., • -¦¦-¦,
Doheny end Smith; Melarkey and
Kittredge." Umpire-^-O'Day/ . • ;. > * ¦
Tennis Matches at Sacramento.
: A pinion of Mr. .Vanderbilt' s automobile
broke and he was obliged to abandon the
race to Fontenay:
.PARIS, May 15.— The race against time
by alcohol automobiles organized by the
Minister of Agriculture,. M. Dupuy, -from
Champigny to Arras and return . to-mor
row,'to St. Germain, 922 , kilometres, be
gan this morning. It was . raining at 4
o'clock, when tho . starting signal was
given. • Eighty-nine vehicles were started,
at intervals of two minutes.: W. K. Van
derbilt Jr. was No. 53. I His machine was
eent away at 4:56. a, m., running • at the
rate of •' sixty kilometres an . hour.
Maurice Farnum, tho second competitor
to start, was •. first . to reach Arras,-410
kilometres from starting-place. His
time was 48 minutes 5 4-5 seconds. < ' f
pelled to "Withdraw.
Breaks Down and He Is Com-
W. K. Vanderbilt Jr.'s Machine
ATJTOMOBHilSTS RACE
ON EOAD AGAINST TIME
"A committee of eleven has been organ
ized for the conduct t>f affairs. The chair
man of the committee is ex-President
Canal. Committees of this character have
been organized in all the cities of the
republic. All quiet at present"
WASHINGTON, May 15. —The Stats
Department has received the following ca
blegram from United States Minister Pow
ell.at Port au Prince, respecting the,po
litical crisis in. Hayti: - / -
The admiral says that after former
President Sam embarked on the French
steamship Olinde Rodriguez, at Port au
Prince Tuesday last, he ran the Crete-a-
Pierot near the Olinde Rodriguez and sa
luted the former President with seventeen
guns, and that he then fired three shots
as an alarm signal, and cried "Viva le
Nord!" (Long live the North).
CAPE HAYTIEN, Hayti, May 15.— The
Haytian Government gunboat . Crete-a-
Pierot arrived here to-day with Admiral
Klllck, comma-nder of the fleet of Hayti,
who has declared himself in favor of the
candidacy of General Firmln, on • board.
His other warship, the Toussant Louver
ture, is at Gonaives.
Everything Is quiet here at present. As
surance has been. given to the diplomatic
corps that order will be maintained. Hay
tian exiles are expected to arrive here to
morrow from. Kingston. Jamaica,
The French steamship Olinde Rodriguez,
with the former President and Mrs. Sam
on board, sailed to-day. In an interview
yesterday General Sam said that he had
endeavored to serve his country honestly,
and that he believed many Haytians were
in sympathy with him. General Sam em
phatically denied that his fortune had In
creased $2,500,000 within the last .six years.
PORT AU PRINCE. Hayti, May 15.— A
commission, with M. Solon Menos, former
Minister of Foreign Affairs, at the head,
started north to : day to meet General Fir
min and endeavor to avert a civil war.
A committee of public safety consisting of
eleven members has been organized, with
former President Boissond Canal as chair
man. An invitation has been sent to the
commandants of the Arondiss Ements to
appoint a similar committee and to assist
in preventing 1 disturbances. There is an
uprising: in Jacmel against the Governor
of the western province. The Governor
of Aux Cayes was not permitted to land
by the residents on his return from the
capital.
Totals 36 6 12 4 27' 9 2
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Sacramento ...... 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 1 0—3
.- .Baso hits :'.;... -.0 ' 3 0 00 10 2 2— S
Los Angeles ....3 0 11 00 0 0 0—5
Base hits 2 0 2 2-121 1 1—12
. SUMMARY. : ', . " .^
Sacrifice hits— Hannlvan, Sheehan, Rellly.
First base on errors — Sacramento 2, Los An
geles 2. First base on called balls — Off Dow
lintf 2. Left on bases — Sacramento 9, Los An
geles "10. 'Struck out — By Dowllng 2, by Jones
1.. Hit. by pitcher — Raymer, Hannlvan,'-Hu
len. "Double play— Toman to Hannlvan to Han-
Ion. Passed ball— Anderson. Time of game— ¦
1:40. Umpire— O'Connell. Scorer^ — Rutherford.
Houtoholder, . cf 5 2 2 1 3 0 0
Rellly. 3b 3 0 1 0 2 0 1
Anderson, c ...5 0 2 12 0 0
Waddell, If. & rf . . 4 0 10 3 0 0
Haclon, lb ...4 0 1 0 -6 3 0
Jones, p. ..' ..4 A 0 0 2 1 1
Raymcr, - 2b 2 p. 0 0., 0 0 0
Total* ..35 3 8 S 27 14 2
LOS ANGELES.
. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, b. s ...41 4 1 3 3 0
Hannlvan, 2b & If... 3 0. 1 0 6 2-0
Roach, rf. 2 0 0 1 1 0 0
Senators Connect With the Ball but
at Inopportune Times. x
SACRAMENTO, May 13.— The Senators'
Inability to hit when hits were '. needed
lost them the game to-day, as they -had
several chances to score but always new
up In the air when a line drive was need
ed. - They hit Jones' delivery but failed
to land them,' safe: Dowling pitched good
ball, but a couple of unfortunate errors
and some stupid playing put him to the
bad. The features of the game were To
man's fielding and batting, and Sheehan"s
capture of a fast line drive from Ander
son's bat. Score:
SACRAMENTO.'
, ' AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle, rf. 5 0 10 0 10
Hulen. 2b. ......... 4 1 00 1 4-1
Shechan, 3b. ........ 4 0 10 3 6 0
Eagan, lb. ........ 4 0 1 0 8 10
Graham, c. 3 1 '1 1 5 • \ ¦¦ < ' 0
Refisamen, cf. 4 1114 0 0
Unglaub, s. n 4 0 0 0 4 0 1
Wagner, If, 4 0 .2 .1 20 0
Dowllng, p. 30 1 0 0 2 0
Former President Canal
at Head of Safety-
Committee.
FAIIi TO HIT SAFELY.
Fourth race. Blue Grass stakes, value $1540
. x .,? nd a half furion&s— Emathlon won, Sister
Addle second, Trocadero third. Time, 1-22%
ft ii race - flve furlongs— Canzanette won
Gold Money second. Special Tax third. Time
1 :02. - t . ¦ '
Sixth . race, seven furlongs, selling Claim
w .°& Mr.-Phlniur second. JJ. T third! Time!
Second race, five furlorigs-^-Onantus won
Early second. Woodlake third. Time, 1-01%
Third race, seven furlongs, selling— Sortie
won. Baffled second, Secundus third. Time
1 :30. . ¦ i •-..¦ ¦ . - -'
Fifth race, five furlongs — Haldee won,- Cher
ries second, Braw Lad third. Time, 1:05 3-5
Sixth race, one mile — John Baker won, Major
Manslr second, Linden Ella third. Time,
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 15.— Churchill
Downs results : . •, . ~
First race, one pile and ' a' sixteenth, selling—
Prtma II won, Algie M second, Silurian third.
Time, 1:48%. ' '.••.¦'.
Third race, one mile — Lord Quex won. Hood
wink second. La Crimae third. Time, 1:40 3-5
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Fly
ing Torpedo won, Boney Boy second Her
mencla third. Time, 1:54 2-5. /.
Second race, six furlongs— Illowaho won
Columbian Knight second. Legal Maxim third
Time, 1:20.
CHICAGO, May IS. — Worth results: -
First race, five furlongs — Maeter won King
Hammond second, North Pole third. Time
1:07 4-5.
Sixth race, six and a half furlongs — Parnas
sus won. Pharaoh second, £ Bill Massle third
Time, 1:20%.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards — Bru
lare won, Schwalbe second. Buccleuth third
Time, 1:44%.
Fourth race, handicap, six ¦ furlongs — Ampere
won, Waklta second, Johnnie McCarthy third.
Time, 1:13%. . . . .
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — All Saints won. Leviathan second. Guide
Rock third. Time, l:48^i.
Second race-, five and a half furlongs — Miss
Gollghtly won,' Joe Goss second, Gala Day
third. Time, 1:07%.
ST. LOUIS, May 15. — Fair Grounds results:
. First race, four and a half furlongs — J. Sid
ney Walker won. Lacy Crawford second, Pettl-
John third. Time, :54%. •
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth— Dr. Rid
dle won, Dixie Line second, Roehampton third.
Time, 1:54.
Fifth race, the Claremont handicap, last six
and a half furlongs of Withers mile — Hatasoo
won. Lady Uncas second. Northern Star third.
Time, 1:20%.
Fourth . race, Withers - mlle^ — Saturday won,
Courtenay second, Adelaide Prince third. Time,
1:41%. - - • .
Third race, the Van Nest selling, last six
and a half furlongs of Withers mile — Gay Boy
won. Jack Demund second, Clonmell third.
Time. 1:21%. .-
First race, six furlongs, selling — Brunswick
won, Musldora second, Somerset third. Time,
1:15.
Second race, two-year-olds, last flv« furlongs
of Eclipse course, selling — Makeda won, Sontag
second. Decoration third. Time, :59%.
NEW YORK. May 15.— Morris Park results:
Dr. Riddle and Dixie I<ine in a
Mile and an Eighth. Run.
The Follansbee Colt Finishes Behind
BOEHAMPTON IS TH.I KJ>
AT MOEEIS PARK TRACK
Captain Spillane called upon ¦ Sergeant
Gleeson yesterday afternoon and said that
Donovan's license should be taken from
him. , Several years ago Donovan shot and
killed a man over a dispute about some
la/id. -He was tried, convicted v and sen
tenced to be. hanged; but an appeal was
taken to the Supreme Court and' he was
granted a new trial and acquitted. At
that time ex-Judge Wallace, was on the
Supreme bench and when Donovan, was
brought before the Police Commissioners
about a year ago he pointed to Wallace
and said: "That man saved my life." -*,
Sunday afternoon a drunken man was
in • Donovan s saloon ..and a crowd of boys
living' in the neighborhood .gathered- in
front of the saloon and began "joshing"
the drunken man. One of the boys threw
a rock into the saloon, which angered
Donovan, and seizing a* revolver, he came
'to the" door and fired five shots at the
boys. One of the bullets- whistled past
Gallagher's ear.
About a year ago Donovan fired Into a
crowd of boys and at that time he was
brought before j the Police ; Commissioners
and if it had not been for Commissioner.
Wallace would have lost his license. The
of the boys' thought* it was time
that Donovan's ready use of the revolver
should be stopped before a tragedy oc
curred and young Gallagher was selected
to make the complaint against him.: .
"William JD. , Donovaiv a saloon-;ke«per at
Seventeenth arid Santa* Clara streets, was
arrested yesterday afternoon l>y Sergeant
Lewis on a warrant charging 1 him with an'
assault with a deadly weapon. The com
plaining witness is James Gallagher, a
boy, living with his parents at 208 Utah
Btreet. : .V . ¦-.-
A Saloon-Keoper ' Fires
Five Bullets Into a
Crowd of Boys.
SHOT WHISTLES
PAST LAD'S EAR
TVHEELMAN INJURED.— Harold O'Dea, 14
years of age, and residing at 360 Eleventh
Etreet, was treated at the Emergency Hospital
yesterday for a laceration of the scalp and sev
eral minor bruises received by being thrown
from a bicycle at Sixth and Mission streets.
HAYTIANS HOPE
TO AVERT WAR
Other members contend that the result
cf these trial races conclusively proves
the soundness of the arguments advanced
by the minority when the subject of the
defense of the cup was being discussed at
the annual meeting. Their contention was
and is that trial races open to ail should
be sailed, and that the winner of these
should be fitted out at the expense of the
club. It was during the discussion of
this question that statements were made
which were afterward admitted to be
false, and which, until retracted, caused
so much unpleasantness in the club.
Some members think that perhaps the
speed of the Presto might be increased
sufficiently to defeat the Harpoon at an
expense of a few hundred dollars more,
and suggest that the board of strategy,
which has the defense " of the cup in
charge, consult some of the experts re
garding the necessary changes. Joe Tracy,
one of the club's most successful racing
men, who made such a record for himself
in the Decoration day regatta in 1884, when
he was first to reach the mooring at Tlb
uron, might be consulted and give
valuable assistance. J. W. Pew has
had considerable experience in tuning
up ' boats. As a result of his ex
periments the Truant is third in her
class. Hawks, Brickell, Jennings and
Bowes are the owners of various yachts.
With the aid of these gentlemen there
can be little doubt that at an expense of
less than $1000 the Presto's speed could be
materially increased.
Now that the Harpoon has proved her
right to the honor of defending the cup
and earned the privilege of being fitted
out a^the club's expense, these questions
are asked by club members: "What bene
fit has the club derived from the money
spent on the Presto?" and _" Who is to
stand the loss?"
The principal topic of conversation
amon Corinthian Club yachtsmen dur
ing the past week was the unex
pected defeat of the Presto -bv the
Harpoon. So great was? the con
fidence in the Presto of the com
mittee appointed to select a defender of
the Challenge cup that more than $500
of the club's money was expended on
alterations to her without first determin
ing whether or -not she was the fastest
boat eligible to sail against the challenger.
On the other hand the owners of the Har
poon have thus far paid for the altera
tions on their boat themselves.
In the .first race on an. ebb tide the
I Harpoon showed that \ in» running and
reaching she easily excelled the Presto,
and in the second trial on a flood tide
that she is much faster in windward
work.
prised at the Craft's Poor
Showing.
Corinthian Club Yachtsmen Are Sur-
PBESTO'S DEFEAT ASTONISHES.
. » AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- E.
Lohman, c 3 .0 0 0 5 10
Mohler. 2b 4 0 0 1 2 2 0
Strelb, lb 3 0 0 0 8 0 0
McCreedie, r. f 8 0 0 0 2 0 0
Devereaux, Sb 3 0 11 0 0 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 2 0 0 0 2 0 1
Francks, ss. ..8 0 0 0 2 4 ¦ 0
Gorton, c f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Schmidt, p.... 3 0 0 0 1 2 0
•Cristall ..* ...10 1 0 0 0 0
Totals:. ...... 28 ~0 ~2 ~2 24 ~9 ~1
•Batted for Lohman in ninth inn In*.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS. .
Oakland .0 0.0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Base hits 0 ' <K 0 0 ' 1' 0 0 0 1 2
San Francisco.. r.'.O 2 0 0 00 0 0 x 2
Base hits.. 0 2.1 1 0 1 0 1 x— 6
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits — Glendon, Cristall. First base
on error — San Francisco. . First base on called
balls— Off. Glendon 1, oft Schmidt 2. Left on
bases— San Francisco 4. Oakland 2. Struck
out— By Glendon 2, by Schmidt 4. Wild pitch
— Schmidt. Time of same — 1 hour and 40 min
utes. Umpire — McDonald. !
Totals ............29 2 6 1 27 13 1
OAKLAND.
: . AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.
McNIchole, 2b 4 00 0 0 2 0
McHale, 1. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Nordyke. lb 4 0 2 0.13 0 0
Ehugart, 3b 4 1 1.0 1 20
Leahy, c .2. 1 11.31 0
Holly, as...'. 2 0 0 0 3 1 1
Lawler, r. t.... 8 0 1 0 2 0 0
Delmas, c.t. ........ 8 0 0 0 2 0 0
Glendon, p 3 0 10 0 7 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
Glendon's pitching was the only Inci
dent in yesterday's little argument at Re
creation Park: which looked good, and
it certainly . was •' good. He allowed
only two scattering g safe bumps and
they were as far apart as saloons in Kan
sas. He walked but one man and had
the commuters .up in the clouds all the
time. To, cap the climax he scored the
only runs of the game with a pretty half
trip awipe. to right. Score, 2 to 0.
The smiling Schmidt did the brainy
stunt for Swing and was the goods in
every turn but the second, when he issued
his only free passes and allowed two hits,
Just enough to give ' Uncle Henry the
game. After the second, they all went
out ' in ' one, j two, three order and there
was never any danger of an approach to
the plate by either team.
The game lacked vim" and life. It was
the same monotonous old thing that was
passed out Inning after Inning and the
finish could be seen from about the mid
dle of the combat. The Only lively bit
of playing happened in the fifth when
Brick Devereaux hit past third and stole
second. ' Glendon had an idea he could
catch the clever old red top. napping and
for nearly ten minutes kept slamming the
ball down to Holly. , •
Brick was hurt in the shuffle and four
or five times was nearly taken unawares.
He let out a few comical yells which did
more to please the crowd than the rest
of the players combined. \
Shugart opened the second with a stiff
single into right field. Leahy and Holly
took free passes and the bases* were filled
with no one- out. It looked like big doings,
but Schmidt struck Lawler. and Delmas
out. Glendon came to bat and Schmidt
seemed to have him buffaloed. He gave I
the batter two strikes and then threw
an easy ' straight ball over the oyster,
which Glendon soaked into right for two
bags, scoring Shugart and Leahy. If
Schmidt had thrown a curve to Glendon
it is likely that: there would have been
no runs. . , .• .. ¦
An inexcusable misplay occurred in the
third. • Nordyke lifted a high one In baclc
of short and * Dunleavy, Gorton and
Franks stood rubbering and let the ball
drop. Dunleavy picked it up in order to
throw out Nordyke who was ' tearing
down to second and made a .wide throw.
He could have easily caught the- runner
had the 1 throw been anything like half
good. The score: .-"- ¦
Judge Troutt granted Nellie Bartholo
mew a divorce from Albert Bartholomew
for desertion, and Judge Hunt allowed
Nellie J. Paige a divorce from William E.
Paige for extreme cruelty.
Judge Graham granted divorces to
Francis A. Andersen from Edith A. An
dersen for desertion, Cora A. Muller from
Horatio Muller for neglect and Louise
Keinertsen from Ludwig Reinertsen for
cruelty.
William S. Bctchelder, who was mar
ried to Isabella M. Batchelder in this city
in January, 189S, has brought a suit for
civorce on the ground of desertion. He
alleges that Mrs. Batchelder left him
three years ago and has ever since re
fused to return to him.
Bessie Viola Bleiman is suing Joseph
Bleirnan for divorce, alleging desertion
and failure to provide. They were mar
ried in December. 1889. Mrs. Bleiman al
leges that her husband abandoned her in
June. 1S30. and that for the last twelve
years she has had to depend upon the
charity of her relatives and friends for
support. *
Martin Frerichs, a Hayes street grocer,
who is being sued for divorce by Emma
Fierichs, filed an answer and cross-com
plaint to his wife's suit yesterday. Ho
ticnies Mrs. Frerichs' allegations, and al
leges that when he left her the separa
tion was the result of a mutual agree
ment. He admits that he owns property
worth $25,000; but says it is mortgaged for
M-I.500. When he left his wife three years
;i£o. alleges Frerichs, he arranged his
vroperty so that she could have a home
fret- of rent and could also collect rentals
from his property amounting to $S0 a
month. He also alleges that he furnished
her with groceries free of charge. Not
withstanding all this, continues Frerichs,
his wife contracted bills amounting to
$1100. to pay which, he alleges, he was
compelled to rVaduce the rentals •allowed
his wife to $40 ' a month. He alleges fur
ther that eight years ago he found a lot
of poison in the house he occupied with
his wife. His wife, he alleges. Informed
him that it would not do him any good to
cestroy it, "as there was lots more where
liiat came from, and that he would re
< eive a dose of it some day."
Louis Darr is suing Frances Sophia
Parr for divorce for infidelity. He names
Morton Spencer as co-respondent.
According to a complaint for divorce
filed by Augusta Hansen against George
Hansen yesterday, she has been treated
In a cruel and Inhuman manner for the
last eight years by Hansen. She allege^,
that he cursed and abused" her on Innu
merable occasions and frequently choked
her and beat her until she was one mass
of bruises. She alleges further that he
once ejected her from their home with
great violence and prevented her from re
turning for several hours. She charges
clso that Hansen is addicted to the ex
tensive use of stimulants. The Han6ens
were married at Portland, Or., in 1880,
:tnd have two children, the custody of
whom Mrs. Hansen asks.
lenger, In her race against
the Corinthian defender of j the Per
petual Challenge cup, has long been
a devotee of aquatic sports. He Is
a life-member of the Boating, Associa
tion of the University of California, and
has sailed a great deal on the bay. It 1*
chiefly due to his energy that the project
of securing a design from B. B. Crownln
ehield of Boston and the work of building
the craft were successfully completed. He
Is a good sailor and capable of quick ana
decisive action. •
WG. MORROW, ' who "will
• handle the tiller of the
San Francisco Yacht
0 Club'B craft, The Chal-
Martin Frerichs Accuses Wife
of Threatening to Poison
Minx
Devereaux Amuses Crowd
by His Funny 'Stunts"
at Second.
Says Husband Cursed
and Abused Her for
Eight Years.
Twirls; High J Art 'Ball
and Knocks Oat a
Double.
W. G. Morrow, Through Whose Energy a Crowninshield Design Was Secured
and the Work of Building the Boat Completed, Will Handle the TiK
ler— Contest Expected to Attract Wide Attention Among Yachting Men
AUGUSTA HANSEN
CHARGES CRUELTY
GLENDON WINS
HIS OWN GAME
WILL SAIL THE YACHT "CHALLENGER"
IN PERPETUAL CHALLENGE CUP RACE
¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦ '¦...' : ¦ ¦ . / . •
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALIi, FRIDAY^ MAY 16, 1902.
10
EAILWAT TBAVZL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
,'-<¦', (Slain Line, Foot of Market Street)
'm*.va — Fbom Apbii. 20. 1902. — akkivT
7.00a Benicls, Snlson, Elinlra and Sacra- "*
mead 6-55r
7.00a Vacavllle, Winters. Rnmsey 7.55r
7.30a Martinez, San Kamon, Vsllejo,
Naps, Callstoga. Santa Rosa. 8-25r
8.00a Davis. Woodland, Knights Landing,
MaryBville. Orovllle ..-. 7-5Sr
8-OOa Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 8.25 a
- 8.00a Jliles, Lathrop, Stockton 7.25r
8.00a Nlles, Mendota, Hanford, Vlaalla,
Portervllle 4-55>
8.30a Shasta Express — Davis, Williams
(for Bartlett Springs), -Willows,
Red Bluff, Portland ".. 7.55*
8.30a San Jose, Llvermore, Stocktoa,
lone, Sacramento, Placervllle,
Marysville, Chico, Red Bluff 4-25>
8.30a Oatcdale.Chlnese,Sonora,Tuolmnne 4.25?
8.00a Vallejo 12.2&T
8.00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton^Merced.
Karmond.Fresno and Los Angeles 8. 25 a
9.30a Ysllejo, Martinez and Way Buttons 7.55?
HO.OOa Hayward. Ulies and Way Stations. t12-55r
* 10.00a The Overlaod Limlteo — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago. 5.25r
tLOOr Sacramento River Steamers. 111.00?
3.00r Benicia, Winters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysvllle. Orovllle 10.55a
SJSOr Hayward, Nlles and Way Stations.. 765r
4.00f Martlnez.San Ramon.Vallejo.Napa,
Callstoga, Santa Rosa 9.25a
4.00r Kiles, Livermore, Stockton, Lodi.. 12.259
4.30r Hayward,Nlles,SanJose,Llvermoro t8.55a
4.30r The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tnlare,
BakersQeld, Sangns for Santa
Barbara, Los Angeles 8.55a
6-00? Port Costa, Tracy, LatSrop.Stociton 10.25 A
BOOr Martinez, Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25?
t5.30? Nlles Local 7.25a
6.00? H»yw»rd, Nlles and Saa Joie 7.55a
t6.00? Vallejo..... 11.25a
6.00? Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis, Chicago 4-25?
7.00? San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez •<
and Way Stations 11.25a
*7J0? Vallejo..... 7-55?
8.05? Oregon is California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. Redding.
Portland, Puses Sound and East. 8.58a
ta.'tO? Hayward and Nlles til. 55 a
COAST LINE (Sarrow eaage).
.- (Foot of Market Street.)
J7.45a Santa Crnz Excursion t8.05r
8.1 5a Newark, CentervlUe. San Jose,
Felton, Bonlder Creek, Santa
- Croz and Way Stations..... 6.50p
t2.15? Xewark. CentervlUe. San Jose,
Xew Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek, Santa Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 1050a
4.15? Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos t3.50A ¦'
>4.15? San Jose. Los Gatoa. Santa Crnz... c8-50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN FRANCISCO. Foot of Market St. (Slip S>
— fl-.lS ».0O 11:00 AJf. 1.00 34)0 5.15 ?.x.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — -f«:0O »:00
tS:0JlO:0OA.3C. 1200 2.00 4-00 ?.».
COAST LI N E <Broad Qaoge).
(Third and Townsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations. 8-40a
t7-00A San Jose and Way Stations..... ... t8.00A
7.00a New Almaden /4.10?
t7.15A Monterey Excursion J3.30r
8.00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gllroy, Salinas, San Lnls Obtspo, '
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles tnd
Principal Intermediate Stations. 10.43?
9.00a San Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Crnz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas. San Lnla
' Oblapo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 4.10?
10.30a EanVose and Way Stations......... 8.38a
1 1.30 a San Jose and Way Stations 9.48a
a1.30r San Jose and Way Stations «7.0ftr
t2-45? San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto.
Santa Clara, San Jose. Trea
Plnos, Santa Crnz, Salinas, Del
Monte, Monterey and Paeiflo .
Grove. t1 0.45a
3.30? SanJose. Del Monte, Pacific Grove,
Santa Crnz and Way Stations. ... 7.30?
t4.15? SanJose and PrtnelpalWayStatlons 530?
t5.00? San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
WaySUUons t&OOA
5.30? San Jose and PrindpalWay Stations 6-30?
6.30? San Jose and Way Stations 7.30r
74)0? New Orleans Express— San Lnls
Oblspo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
. -v^ geles, Demlng, El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 10.30a.
' «rH.45l» San Jose and Way Stations
¦ A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
- 1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
« Saturday only. e Monday pnly.
. * Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday.
Sunday only.
CALlFOfiNU NORTHWESTERN II.' CO
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PAC1FIS
RAILWAY COMPACT.
Tlbnroa Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:30.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra, trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays^ — Extra trlp» at
1:60 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 0:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:50, 3^0,
8:00. 6:20 p. nu . •
SAX RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— «:05, 7:35. 7:W, 9:20, 11:1»
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Saturdays;
—Extra trlus at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:401
4:53, 6:08. 6:25 p. m. _.
Leave I In Effect 1" Arrive.
San Frandscol May 4. 1903. |San Francisco
Week | Sun- I Destlna- I Sun- I Week
Day. | days. | tlon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a Ignacio 9:10a .9:40*
3:30 p 9:30 a aad 10:40 a 10:20 at
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
- 7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40a|&:40a
8:30 p 9:30 a and 6:05 p(10:20 a
a:10p B:O0p Santa Rosa 7:35 p) 6:20 p
Fulton
T:S0a .. Windsor " 10:20 a
5:00p Healdsburc 10:40 a
Lytton ' v
. ' OeyservillS)
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdal» 7:35 p 8:20 9
7:80 al 8:00 al Eopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 8:00 p| Uklah ] 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| _ Wllllts \ 7:35 p| 6:20 9
7:30 at 8:00 al 'Guernevlll* I 7:35 p|10:20 a
a:30p[ 6:00p| . : 110:40 a| 6:20 g
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 8:00 y\ Glen Ellen I 6:05 p| g:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30p|5:00p( t7:35p{6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark
West Sprlnss and White Sulphur Springs- at
Fulton for .Altrurta; at Lytton for Lyttoa
Springs; at Geyaervtlle for £ka«g3 Springs- at
Cloverdale for the Geysers and Boonevllle- ac
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs-.
Kelseyvllle. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay Lake*
Fort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs. Upper Lake Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside LierleyV
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights, HullvlUe. Orr*s
Hot Springs, Half-Way House. Comptch*.
Camp Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort
Brags; Westport. Usal; at Wllllts for Sher-
wood. Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvllle. Cumminsi.
5SSC IcSSfinS^kal 18811 ''- X *«- PePPW -
Saturday tp Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates..
On Sundays— Round-trip tickets to all point*
11^ ; San ,« RafaeI at hali "rt"-
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronicla
building.
H. C WHITTNO. R. X. RTAJI.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Art.
aBr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6129 KEARSY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseaies. Lost Manhood. Debility or
disease wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Dlsenses. The Doctorcnres-wiien
others fall. Try him. 1 'harges low.
Cnrescaaranlffil. Cullorwrlta.
B*>4* V. 0IBBOX, «aa Franciaco, Cal.
AJVEBTISEMEHTS.
HOW IS
\|fcsTOMAGJ^
WE CAN CURE YOU
WITHOUT DRUGS!
The most obstinate affections of the
STOMACH. LIVER. KIDNEYS, • LUNGS
and BOWELS rapidly yield to our famous
"Proctor Treatment," which cures when
all drugs fail. Consultation FREE at of-
fice or by mail.
JEFFERSON SANITARIUM. 779 Geary st.
This is the only first-class medical insti-
tution west of Chicago which makes a spe-
cialty of curing CHRONIC DISEASES
"WITHOUT v DRUGS. In all cases where
Consumption, Internal Cancer or Tumors
'are suspected, we make a thorough X-RAY
examination. Hours. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
® VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In uso over fifty
years by- the leaders of th«
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively euro th«
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cur* Lost
Manhood, Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. .Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfitness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, ¦ pmm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner f^ MM vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects ar» JT^^rm Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote fc " nT " ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a'box; 6 for
$2 60 by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis st..
San I Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO.. 88
and 40 Third st. ¦
(1 .^patents! ; Jj
RAILWAY TBAVBL. :
Santa Fe
Train s-Daiiy.
Lcav* Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Crsrrd Local
Daily Dally Dally Dally
Lt. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 9
Ar. 8tockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p T:18 p
•' Merced.. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
•< Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:60 p
" Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
"Vlsalla.. 3:39p 8:00a.
•"Eakersfld 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:45 a.......
•• Kan. City 2:40a 7:30a
" Chicago 2:15 p 0:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited carrying Palace Sleeping Can and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld for accommodation of
local first-class passengers.. No second*
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor*
responding train arrives at 7:05 a. m. dally.
4-20 p. m. Is Stockton, Merced and Freaao
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
t> m. dally.
8 p. 10. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free P.ecllnlng Chair Cars to Chicago; also
palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in- Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland.
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via SanaalMo Ferry,
Commencing April 27. 1U02.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, *7:45, 8:45, 9:30. 11:00
a. m.. 12:20. *1:45.. 3:]i, 4:16. 8:15. •8:13.
6:45 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:43 a. m. does not
run to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00. n0:00. 11:00.
11:80 a. m., 12:30, n.3O. 2:30, »3:45. 5:00. 0:00.
7:30. »:45. 11:45 d. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20, *6:20. 7:40. 8:15. n£S
11:00 a, m.. 12:25. 2:15. «3:30. 4:40. 5:30. 6-^
X0 6XJNDAYS— «:00, •8:00. < 9:30, 11:00 «. ~
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15, »3:30. 4;15. •5:43, 6:4a!
7:80, 10:16 p. m. ....
Trains marked (*) start from Saa Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 8:40. 6:40 7 S45. 8:23L 9T4»S
11:10 a, m.. 12:35. 2:45. 3:60. 6:ltf. 8:24 TaS
6:30. T:55. 10:05, U:10 *. -a.
12:15. 1:20, 2:30. 3:45. 6:00. 6:08. 7OB. ltT*i
*' BU ' THROUGH TRAINS.
7:45 a, m. week days — Cazadero and n.
stations. ¦¦ •*_ . .
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and "way
stations. . ¦
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)
—Tomales and way stations. . • ..- " TO *
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way
stations. . .- . "*
10:00 a. m. Sundays — Point Reye* and way
stations.'
Legal Holiday boats and trains will ran 'on
Sunday time. . °°
irasncT "FollOW
41111 the
¦Iplil Flag"
AND YOU DO NOT PAY
EXCESS F-A^Rje
TO NEW YORK CITY.
Ask Agents for ¦ Particulars.
WabashLine
: They*have the finest tourist; car service from
Chicago to . Boston and > New York points.
C- S. CRANE V G. P. AT. Ajt., St. Louis. Mo.
le? Cal CLINE * p - c - p - A - **? Ange-
nOUNT f AMALPAI3 RAILWAY
. Leave Via Sausalito Ferry I . Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. ' San Fran.
:::::::: "Sf: fS>i -
......:.. 2:30 p. °v"na>*7»"*ai. 8:15 p". "IHHH
. »Tiiiinniniit , — ,— ..,,. -^-.-L, „ „ Jt ' t^ -
_ xs*krt earn, cu JUMJ)ira*sijfcrtjuv94ux»_naat^
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOFTNESS OF SHAXSKIN
la Bivaled by Human Hair Where
Dandruff Is Eradicated.
Sealskin is admired the -world over for
Its softness and glossiness; and yet the
human hair is equally as soft and glossy
¦when healthy; and the radical cause of all
hair trouble is dandruff, -which is caused
by a pestiferous parasite that saps the.
vitality of the hair at its root. Newbro's
Kerplcide is the only preparation that is
fatal to the dandruff germ. Without dan-
druff no falling hair, but a luxuriant
growth of glossy, soft hair is certain.
Scouring the scalp won't cure dandruff.
Kill the dandruff germ. Thousands of
¦women owe their beautiful suits of , hair
to Newbro's Herpidde.
Dr. Talcott & Co.
Our successful methods originated
¦with and are known only to our phy-
eiclans Vt treat men only and give
epedal attention to Varicocele, Conta-
j glous Blood Disease, Acute and Chronic
I , TJrethral and Prostatic Inflammations.
¦ , Consultation free. No charge for treat-
: ins any case we do not cure. Colored
! chart of the organs at office or sealed
j by mall. Home cures a specialty.
I We will remove to our new and larger
j offices, IHO Market ttrett, June ltU
j 997 Market St.. cor. Sixth, S. F.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{HUSEUEI OF ANATOMY?
§ 18E1 ULSZxTST-tot.ea*7a,s.i < .cii.4
\ ,t^T The I -* x ?<=« Anatomical Musem in the *
V J*ST*3k V "' a " d - w ««k»e»es or i»y contacted A
]L •«««.»«"««l7r,r^ t,j , he oldest Y
0 /BSl Speo*!ist on the Cout. E»t 36 years. Q
1 hj$3\ DR. J3RDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ f €S»^B Conralutiwj free and itrirtly prirate. \
§ I J&^t H Treitrnent personslly or by letter. A M
\ I W SIH -"^«<«««»»i«eTerjre«s««mdert«ken. T
mWa II © Write for t^TBlLOKVPnY^r A
• ¦ M 11^ MMBUGE, MAILED FREE. (XT
A Q It ™lu»ble book for mm) \
V DB. JIOEDAX A CO.. 1051 Market Ht-.S. P V
1 DR.PIERCES
I GOLDEN
MEDICAL
, DISCOVERY
FOR THE _
I BLOOD«UVER.UJNGS.
£E&k WONG WOO,
Ipj CHINESE TEA AND HERB
.^^^v 764-66 Clay St., S. F., Cal.
%%^RT\V A LL DISEASES CURED
fmnflmiM.^ t\. exclusively by Chinese
herbs, over 3000 varieties being used. Hours
6:30 to 11 a, m., 1 to 8 and 7 to 9 p. m. '
Bice ia •> BOB.pobonona
pKajiJl for Gonorrhoea,
>S?3r CURES X2 Whites, annitoril di»*
f&yrf i» 1 «• » 4»y«. a chare©*, or any iailimmv
fftCY CamiiteKi t* ** tion, irritation or nlcera-
M«^S PwTtot csnufica. t \ on ot mucous jnem«
v%2S^ hr txprees. prepaid, for
S^@^$lS^yft Circular sent ca rog.u8rt.
\AI. T. HESS,
K0TAET rUBUO iJTO ATT0RKST-1T-L1W.
7entb Floor, Room 1015, Clans Spreckel* Bid* .
Telephone Main 983.
£Mlflence, S21 California, et., below Powell.
fiesldeace Telephone, J&xnei 1601.
. AD VEBTISSMEUTS. ' .
N "^ §*M*35&§S$7' are Known sym-
' thesunofciviliz-
ygr^ yn^i^ ation has risen*
This trade marK indicates purity and per-
fection in brewing, and has been used on
more bottles than any other label in the
world. Found only on the famous bottling of
AnheuserBuschBrewingAss'n
at. Louis. U. S. A.
Brewers of the famous Budwulser, Mlchelob, BlacK 6 Tan, Faust.
Pale-Lager, Anheuaer-Standard.i Export Pale and E.xquialt«.
All orders promptly filled l»y
E. G. LYONS & EAAS CO., Wholesale Dealers, San Francisco, Cal.til^Tt tI CRK ' 15 - The pa68lVe <*»><*
?« T* pcuiauoy, was not changed to
day The volume of the dealings fell away to
what, is proverbially known a, midsummer
duJln^s. This ccmdiOon of the stock market
Is by no means abnormal at this season, due
to the usual r.hlftln* course of mocey sources
and the uncertainties of the croo season
Orerwhejmlng importance iTatttS&d tT^
izu of the corn crop this year, especially in
v:exr of the hiffh prices of that cf Sal win?
to Ian year's shortage, and the present pros-
P-ct for only a part of a winter whSt crop
A« the corn ctot, is ecarcely more than in the
Krcund >ct. tbe chances of the future are al
most too uncertain even for Fpeculative vpti
tuic«. The present waiting: attitude of the
market Is therefore entirely reasonable and
i.atural. So far as the situation is strained
and unnatural In any degree, it Is due to the
r*w?nt efforts of pools and speculative pluneer3
to «t!r up an unwarranted activity in the spec
ulation and to bid vj> prices to unstable
fc^lghts. The money flurry last week and on
Monday was the corrective Influence and has
resulted in the present conditions. The duil
ncsK Is accentuated of course by the addi
tional clement of uncertainty in the ' threat
ened strike of anthracite miners.' The assem
bling of. the Boer peace conference also i was a
possibly repressive Influence, at least in check-
Ing the buying for London account, which 'lias
been in evidence here for several days, past.
Most of the price " movements 'of any cons^- '
quence In to-day' e stock market V might - be
)ESSMl*HBflBHHMMflH*&*K&&!lffl£i!wF«i
*
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
There is nothing new to report^ Everything
except^ Prunes is -so : closely cleaned up that
there . 'will -be no market of any consequence
until the 1902 crop comes forward. " It is ex
pected • that ¦ all of . last year's Prunes will . also
be cleaned - up by that time. There are still
some old 1900 -Prunes on hand, but they are
hard to dispose of. They were not very good
when they were new. two years ago, and they
have certainly not improved, since. •/'.-.-.
- FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Applet, 8<g9c; sun dried; 6@5%c; Peaches,
6%©8%c; ; Pears. 6@9c; Plums, pitted. 5@6c
unpitted, 1%@2%c;. Nectarines, 5%@6c for red
and 6%@<lc for white; figs, 3%®4%c for black
and 5%®«c for white.,
.PRUNES- 1901 crop are-quoted as follows:
30-403, 6V4@6%c: 40-50s, 5@5i4c: 60-603, 4%
@4%.c; 60-70s. 4@4%c; 7O-80s, 3%@3?lc- 80-
W>s;T3@3%c; 00-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb. ' ' , .-• -
v RAISINS-r-Seeded.-3-crown, 8c; 2-crown, 6%
@7%c; Loose Muscatels,- 6% c for 4-crown and
6 % a for seedless ; 3-cro wn. 6c ;, 2-crown, 5 % c •
Seedless Sultanas, 5%c for unbleached and 7@
8%c for bleached. . Clusters— Imperials $V
Dehesa, $2 50; Fancy,, ?1 60; • London Layers'
tl 25@1'35. - - . --^ -^ A- -v -¦> .
¦¦¦¦ NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, ll%c ; No
2, 6%©7%c: ; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No? 2 7c :
Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell.' 9@10c for
sof tshell ami 6@7c for hardshell : Peanuts. BO
7c for Eastern; - Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c; Fil
berts, 12@12%c; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts
$3 60@5. - , • -
. HONET— Comb, ll@12c for bright and »Qltd
for light t amber; ,. water white extracted, 5@
6%c; light amber extracted; 4@4%c; dark 4c
-BEESWAX— 27 %©29c per.lb.^ r >• ' J
Provisions^ ¦
':, Chicago, ' was : slightly lower on ] the day.
Whatever ' strength ' that^ market; shows comes
from speculators; \ ' - ; ;
¦'•-: ;This market is still very dull," yet dealers are
trying * to: talk 1 up; another -advance. .Whether
they will t succeed or not remains to be seen;
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Chief Engineer Schnssler Tells of In
stallation of Big Mains From
College Hill Reservoir.
Chief Engineer Schussler of the Spring
Valley "Water Company and Assistant
Chief of the Fire Department P. H.
Shaughnessy appeared before the Super
visors' Fire Committee yesterday in re
gard to the charge of Chief Sullivan that
the work lately done by the company near
the College Hill reservoir does not over
come the defects shown to have existed
at the time of the Baldwin fire. Schuss
ler stated that the company was now con
structing twenty-Inch ,and thirty-Inch
outlet mains from thu reservoir. He also
stated that the gates would be opened on
the order of the Fire Department officiate.
Shaughnessy said he did not know the
-work was being ' done and agreed to - ac
company Schussler on a visit of Inspection
to-day. '
A resolution was ordered requesting the
Spring Valley Company to Install a six
inch main in Hlnckley street to afford fire
protection to the County Jail. Schussler
informed the committee that a slxteen-
Icch main was being laid In , Silver ave
nue, although the Fire Department had
asked for an eight-inch main. Schussler
said the company would do whatever the
Fire Department desired and Intended to
keep -all promises made to the Board of
Supervisors. -¦ ; *
: > ? ¦ ;
Soldier Attempts Suicide.
Frank Craig, a deserter from tile army,
¦who" was found serving an enlistment in
the marine corps, attempted to commit
suicide at the Presidio general hospital
Wednesday night by choking himself and
later by cutting his throat with a : p«n
knlte. He was prevented from accom
plishing his purpose by . members of th*
guard, whd placed him in a straitjacket
to' preclude, the possibility of a more suc-
C0MPANY WILL FUBNISH
BETTER PIBE PROTECTIOIT
CHICAGO, May 15.— Wheat ruled easier
after a slight initial bulge that was occasioned
by firm cables. Some early buying was done
by a few commission houses and for the first
hour a firm tone was manifested. . July opened
%@%c to %@%c higher at 75%@75%c, but
trade was licht and unimportant and a few
big longs offered stuft on , the hard spots.
Weather reports showed rains where most
reeded and clear weather Northwest, -where
farmers have been waiting: for the spring seed-
Ing. Harvesting was reported in Texas. Sta
tistical Journals Issued bearish reports, which
discredited the value of, the recent Government
estimates. The outsiders were out of the mar
ket and reports from St. Louis showed declines
there that indicated free movement. There was
some pressure from the Southwest and the
Northwest. July sagged off to 75%c. Corn
strength that had bean helping wheat seemed
to be . ebbing away, and it was only a fair
export business that saved the close -from
marked weakness.-' Late the seaboard reported
21 loads taken and July closed easy, }4c lower,
at 75>/i@75*S,c. ; . v
Corn was poorly supported " and j suffered ac
cordingly. The market ' -dragged dull and
heavy. July closed weak, %c lower,- at 62%c.
. The early firmness in 'oats was soon dissipated
through an absence of support and some fair
offerings.' July closed %@%c lower at 38%c.
Provisions were heavy and weaker the
i greater part of the session. - Liquidation : was
• induced by weakness of the hog market,.. The
close was weak. July pork 17 %c: down; lard
7 %c lower and ribs Bo lower. -.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ;
Articles — Open. High.' Low. Close.
* Wheut No. 2— j ,
December 75% 75% 74%" • 74%
May..... 78% 75% ; 74% 75
July. 75% 75% 75% 75%
September 74% 74% 73% 73%
Corn No' 2—
May 62% -62% Cl% 61%
July.. :.. 03% - 63& 62% • .62%
September ..... 61% «% 60% cvl
Oat* No. 2— . .V.;.
May ... 43 ;.«% 43 -43
July (old) 35% 35% 34% 34%
July (new) 37 37% \ 36% ' " ?j?%
Sept. (Old) 2U% 20% '29% . "20%
Sept. (new)..... 31% ¦ 31% 30% ' 30%
Mess Perk, ocr fcbl— •••• - '¦ '"¦ '¦¦ . •' • .
May ...17.40 17 40 17 30" 17 30 '
July ..:.....;.. 17 60 17 57% IT 40 17 42%
September 17 60 - 17 65 ; 17 62% 17 52%
Lard, per 100 lbs — •¦
May ....10 42% 10 42% 10,35- 10 35
July ..;;.... ..;1O 42% 10 45 1(T35 10 37%
September .....10 42% 10 45 10 37% 10 37'i
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— • -. . -
May ........... 9 77% 9.77% 0 75 ' 0 75
July ....... ... . 9 75 9 80 . 9 72% " 9 75
September ..... 975 .980 ' 975. '9.75,
- Cash quotations, were as '-follows: Flour
quiet; No. 3 tprlng wheat. ¦¦ 75'/ft®7(ic; No i
red, 82%@84c: No. 2 corn,*»C2%@(52%c; No 2
yellow, C2%@64c; No.' 2 oats, 43Vl@44c;' No. 2
white, 46VJc; No. 3 white, 45'4^40c; No. 2 rye,'
C0(5C0%c; fair to choice malting, barley,- 69®
72c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 00; No. 1 Northwest-
UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Ask. .V Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. Ill 111%" *s qr cp(new)137%138
4s qr reg.. ..Ill 111% 3s qr coup.. .108 109
: MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.-
Ala A W 5s. 92% — Oc SS Co 68. »7%1CO
Bay CPC 5s.l0S%109 Omnibus 6s. — 130
C C G&E 5s.l05 105% Pac G Im 4s. 97% _
Cal-st 5s. . . .119 — Pk & C H 6s. — 110
-C Costa 5s. .110% — . - Pk & O R 6a — 125
Ed L & P 6s — — Pwl-st R 6s. — _
Fer&C H 6s. — 123 Sac EGR 5a. — 103
Gearr-st' 5s.. — -{ . SF & SJV5s.l21 - :
H C&S 5%s.lO3 — Sierra Cal 6s- — 11691
Do 5s .... — 99 S P of A 6s
L An* R 5s.ll8%119%, <1909) 113%114
L A L Co 63.103 105 . (1910) .:.. _ _
.-Do gtd 6s. ' — S P of C 6s.
- Do gtd 5s. — 103 ¦ <1905)Sr A.106-%107%
1/ A & P 58.103 — (1905)Sr B.107%
Do lem 5s. 103 — .(1906) ....109% 109 K
Mkt-st C 6s. — 128% (1012) ....120% —
Do lem 5S.120U — G P of S 1st "
N R of C 6s.,— — c gntd 5s. — _
. Do , 5s .-. . .120%121% Do stmpd.,109% —
N Pac C 6s.. — 110%}SP Br Cal 6sl3» 139%
NCR 5s.. 114% — S V. Wat 6s.'_ in 1 *
Oak Gas 5s..ll3 113% . Do 4s 2dm. — 103
Oak Trn 6s..l24%125% '.. Do 4s 3dm. — lO2Vi
Do 1st c5s.-~-.U5 IStkn G&E6s.lO2 104
Oak W G 5s.l03% — / I .; " x - oaiv - ™
. ' - ' WATER v STOCKS. ."
Contra Costa 75% — j Port Costa... 63% 66
Marin Co.... 69 ¦•— . JSprins. Val.. 01% 81%
THURSDAY. May 15^-2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
* __ — ! ; -*
Local stocks and bonds continued very dull
on the morning session, with no changes worthy
of note. On the Oil Exchange Sterling was very
lively, there bein; quite a list of sales . at
$192%@107%, accordins to terms. The other
oil stocks were . dull.
There was nothing new in the afternoon . be
sides some strength in recovery In Giant Pow
der at $75@75 37%. •
The following were ex-dividend yesterday:
Contra Costa Water Company, regular monthly,
42c per share, amounting to $20,590 92; Oakland
Gaslight and Heat Company, regular monthly.
25c per share, amounting to $7500; Port Costa
Water Company, regular monthly, .30c pe.r
share, amounting to $1500; Presidio Railroad
Company, regular monthly, ¦ 20c per share
amounting to $2000; Pacific Auxiliary Fire
Alarm, regular quarterly of 5c per share,
amounting to $1250; Four Oil Company, lc per
share, amounting to $3000, payable. May 15.
The company, so ' far, has paid in dividends
$30,000.
.The California Powder Company has declared
a monthly dividend of $1 per share, payable
May 20. •
The California Street Railway dividend, reg
ular monthly, 50c per share, amounting to
$5000, was paid on the 14th. .
The following quotations for. the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yester
day from New York by Bolton. • De Ruy ter &
Co.: Common stock. $24 12%@24 25; preferred.
$59@59 50; 4 per Cent bonds, $90 50©92; sub
scriptions, $100 60@10L - . . ¦ .
Northern California— Fair Friday with fog
along the coast in the morning; light northerly
winds In the interior; brisk westerly winds on
tbe coast.
Southern California — Cloudy Friday noesiblv
lijrtit showers; light southwest wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday; brisk northerly
wind. *
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday
With tog in the morning; fresh westerly winds
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
Light - rain Is reported at Carson City and
cloudy threatening weather et Fresno and
southern points.
Forecast made at San Francisco for th'rtv
hours «naing midnight May 16: . '¦ ""¦
The temperature has risen slowly east of the
Sierras and also aver Idaho. Oregon and Wash
ington. In the great valleys of California it
Is «till cool, the temperature ranging from 8
to II degrees below the normal.
The pressure has fallen slowly over Central
and Southern California and also Western Ari
zona. A moderate depression overlies the Val
ley of the Colorado end may cause cloudy
weather and possibly showers over Southern
California.
"WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
': FLOUR— California -". Family . Extras.' : $3 50Q
3 75. usual. terms; Bakers' Extras.-$3 40@3 50;
Oregon. • $2 75@3 25 ; per ' barrel for, fanUly \ and
$$<$Z 50 for Bakers' ; .Washington ' Bakers'/: $39
3 CO.' 4 ."-' '•¦:-": "i ¦¦ :-•.., ¦ ¦: .-¦•¦ ¦¦-¦ - ::'}mX
¦ M1LLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as^fol-
Flour and Millshtffs,
BUCKWHEAT— $1 . 75 per ctl and nominal,
• • CALL BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— No sales. 1
Second Session— No sales. . ' , .
Regular . Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
$1. December— 8000, 82c; 2000, 82% c;. 2000,
82%o; tiOOO, 82%c. . ¦¦ 1 ¦-:,;/' • .
Afternoon Session — May — 6000 ctls, $102%:
December— 6000. 83c. ; . -. - ;
OATS— The firmness continues and quotations
are pointing upward. •' The statistical ; position
of the market is one of great firmness.' Stocks
all over the coast are light, the markets •, up
north are I excited under a brisk demand for
shipment," and this market is stiff in sympathy,
as no more '¦ receipts ' from the north are ex
pected here until the. new crop comes in.-
Grays.. $1 37%©1 45;. whites, $1 85@1 50;
Milling,/ $1 50©l 55; black. :$125@1 35; red.
$1 32%@14a per cu.' !:..- .„;• ..... - - , ..,-¦!
. . CORN— The operator who has ; cornered the
market ¦ reports- sales at full figures, with - a
firm market. - Chicago .was weak, with large
country acceptances : , and Increasing offerings
from Illinois and Iowa. . ••-, . -
- Large Yellow," $1 45@1 50: small round do
$1 50@lD5; White.. $1CO@1(B2%. . - • :'
RYE— 90®fK5c ner ctl; , ' '. . '
Informal Session — 4):15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $1 12%; 4000; $1 12%. ¦
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 12%.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
* Afternoon , Session — December— 4000 ctls
$1 18%; ¦ ¦ ¦ "•:¦ ••¦ ; ¦' ' ; -'¦ -:-'.v\vr; .,,..
BARLEY— The market continued very firm,
with sales at . $1 for the »est feed, and this
was the general asking price for anything No.
1. Offerings were light. Futures ,were also
higher, and the whole market was In good
shape for sellers. ¦¦¦ ' . . . - •
Feed. 98%c@$l for No. 1 and 95@97%c for
off grades;- . brewing | and 'shipping grades,
$1 02%@l 05; Chevalier, $l@120. ¦ ¦
CALL : BOARD SALES
WHEAT— The foreign markets were steady,
but showed llttle'change. .' .
¦ Chicago opened firm, but weakened off again.
The weather was showery in ' the Southwest,
but more ' settled in the Northwest, and waa
favorable for .the growing crop almost every
where, except around the lakes, where it was
unseasonably cold. . The Southwest, sold ' new
crop futures, and farmers' deliveries east and
west I of the Mississippi River Increased rapid
ly. . Northwestern stocks were expected to de
crease 1,750,000 . bushels for ¦ the week..! The
Canadian Pacific Railroad has asked for v sites
for 145. new elevators to be- built at Winnipeg,
in anticipation of. the coming crop. .
In •• this market advanced and . cash
Wheat was higher, as the country holders are
not letting go and the shippers and millers have
to raise their, bids to get supplies. Sales of
choice milling 1 as- high 'as $1 18% were spoken
of, but this figure was rather extreme.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 13%@1 15; mill
ing, $1 10%@117% per ctl. ,_.; ¦ .
Wheat and Other Grains.
Bid.Ask. BId.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 04 05
Alta — 05 Kentuck 01 02
Andes 02 03 Lady Wash .. — 04
Belcher 09 OdjMexican 43 60
Best & Belch 19 20 .Occidental ... 24 26
Bullion 02 fi3 Ophir 1 35 1 40
Caledonia ... DO »l Overman .... 28 2!)
Challenge Con IS 19 Potosi 33 34
Chollar 13 lOlSavage 14 15
Confidence ... 61 65 8corplon — 04
Con C & Va.l 40 1 45|Seg Belcher.. 02 03
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nevada 28 23
Con N Y..\." — 02 1 Silver Hill... 44 43
Crown Point . 07 08 St Louis .... — OS
Eureka Con.. .18.. — Syndicate ... — 07
Exchequer .. 01 02 Union Con .. 2T, . 29
Gould & Cur 13 14 Utah 03 '04
Hale & Nor. 23 25 Yellow Jacket 22 23
Julia — 04
THURSDAY. May 15—4 p. m.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 85
Sterling Cables, sight. — 4 68
Sterling Cables — , 4 89 ;
New York Exchange, sight — - 15 ¦-
New York Exchange, telegraphic . — 17%
Silver, per ounce. — 61%
Mexican Dollars, nominal....... — 45%
Exchange and Bullion.
' CITRUS FRUITS — Navel' Oranges. $1@3 25
according to size and quality; Seedlings, $1 25
®2; Mediterranean Sweets. $1®2 50; Valenclas
$2 50@3; Malta Blood Oranges. $1 50@2 50-
Tangerines. In quarter boxes, 75c@$l and $1 25
©1 50 in half boxes; Ldtnons, 50c@$l for com
mon l and- $125ig>l 75 for, good ..to choice and
$2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit, 76c©$2; Mexi
can Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, - $2 25@3 per
bunch for New Orleans and $1 ,75@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
CHERRIES — White,. 50<g:65c per drawer;
In bulk," 7c; Black, 35@85o per box and drawer,
and 8c in bulk. -. ¦ ,-\ -..;:¦. •
STRAWBERRIES — $4@7 per chest for Long
worths and$3@4 50 for Mallndas; crates from
Watsonville, 50@85c, with some large crates
higher;, from Florin, .
GOOSEBERRIES — iO@50 per drawer.
-. APPLES— $1@2 50 : per box, according to
quality. * . • - ¦ .
The Orange market continued dull and stocks
were plentiful, consisting chiefly of tholce and
standard varieties. Other citrus fruits showed
no change worthy of note. Two cars of Oranges
are announced for to-day's auction.
Y Apricots from Arizona, which were carried
over from the preceding. day, sold promptly at
$3®3 50 per crate. Four more crates came In
yesteday, but were not sold. " - > v ¦
Cherries were easier,' as receipts were large,
over 1300 boxes being received. Offerings of
Black were chiefly soft and cracked, showing
the effects of the rain, while White were mostly
small; r
. Strawberries arrived in fair. condition, but as
receipts were large* the market^ had an easier
tone. About 050 chests were received and only
strictly choice lots brought the top quotation.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska.. 33,316 Potatoes, aids .. 2,935
Flour, qr sks.. l«.0fi0 Middlings «ks ia«
Wheat, ctls 89.08T Shorts, sks " i?o
Barley, ctls ... 6,180 Sugar ctls '.'" 2 sno
Oats, ctls ..... 220 Tallow, ctls V" 'SV?
Corn, ctls 1,100 Pelt3. bdls '** ith
Beans, sks .... 1.737 Hides. No '.'." 71S
Potatoes, sks ".. 1,724 Quicksilver fiks 24ft
Onions, sks ... 1.270 Leather, rolls lffl»
Bran, sks ..... 35 Lime, bbls * i«i-
Wool. bales .... 317 Wine, gals ..." 78 150
Straw, torts 5 Raisins, bxs flsi
Hay, tons . 310 Powder, cars "' 5
FOR THURSDAY. MAY 15.
Receipts of Produce,
STATIONS. I ||p f§ ' |R I
j I I . : I §
• a • — . • ¦'¦ . 1
Astoria 30.06 CO 48 SW Cloudy .01
Baker 29.DS 56 44 NW Pt Cldy .00
Carson 29.92 60 34 SB Cloudy T.
Eureka. 30.10 68 BO N Clear .06
Freeno 29.90 72 50 W Cloudy .00
Flagstaff 29.72 66 28 SW Clear .00
Pocatello. Ida.29.88 62 46 W Pt Cldy .04
Independence 29.68 72 46 £E Pt Cldy .00
Los Angeles.. 29188 70 50 SW Pt Cldy .00
Phoenix 29.68 90 58 NW Pt Cldy .00
Portland 30.06 60 50 SE Rain .12
Red Bluff 29.98 70 52 NW Pt Cldy .00
Roseburg 30.04 64 48 W Clear T
Sacramento .. 29.96 C4 44 SW Cloudy .00
Salt Lake 29.86 62 46 NW Clear .01
Ean Francisco.30.02 60 52 NW Clear .Ou
8. L. ObiEpo..29.98 72 40 W Cloudy .00
Ban Diego 29.82 64 52 W Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.04 62 48 SW Clear .27
Spokane 30.00 64 48 S Cloudy .06
Neah Bay 30.00 54 44 NE Cloudy .72
Walla Walla. .30.00 64 50 S Pt Cldy .02
"Wlnnemucca .28.88 62 38 NW Pt Cldy .00
Yuma 23.68 88 58 SW Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m.. 52 degrees.
LONDON. May 15.'— Consols, 95 3-1(5; Silver,
23%d; French rentes. lOlf lCc; wheat cargoes
on passage,' more offering; No. l' Standard Cal
ifornia,' 30s Cd; Walla Walla. 30%s i,4d; Eng
lish country ' markets, firm.
: LIVEnPOOL May 15.— Wheat.- firm; No. 1
Standard California, (is 5d@f!s 5%d; wheat in
Paris, dull;' flour' in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets., quiet and steady; weather In
England, showery. . . . . ¦..
¦ COTTON — Uplands, 5 3-32d. . , ¦¦'¦'¦ .
Foreign Markets.
Eureka 58-501 Independence ....72-46
Red Bluff ........ 70-02! Sacramento 64-44
Pa^i Francisco.... 59-5l|San Diego 64-62
Fresno 72-50JLO8 Angeles 70-50
Ban Luis Obispo.. 72-481
BUTTER — Creamery, 20c per pound for fan
cy, 18%@19c for firsts and 17@18c for sec
onds; dairy. 16@18%c; store Butter, 14@16c
per pound.
CHEESE — New. 8%@9%c- old. 9@llc; Younjj
America, S@10c; Eastern. . 13@15c per pound. -,
• EGGS—^Ranch, 18c for fancy and 16@
17%c for fair to good; store, 15@ltic per dozen.
Receipts were 72,800 pounds, 2 kegs and 460
tubs of Butter, 1456 cases of Eggs, cases
of Eastern ' Eggs, 38,150 pounds of California
Cheese and — — — pounds of Oregon Cheese.
¦ Butter and Cheese continue plentiful at pre
vious prices. :• .„
There is not much new to report except, that
Eggs are accumulating slowly since purchas
ing for cold storage ceased, and are weak in
consequence. 1 Dealers say, however, that if the
price falls back much the buying for storage
will be resumed, in which case the market
would probably turn, firm again. 'There are a
good many poor Eggs coming forward and
they are not in much favor. -
Butter; Cheese and Eggs.
TACOMA, May 15.— WHEAT— Quiet. and un
changed; Blue Stem, C6%c; Club, C5%c.
WASHINGTON
OREGON.
- n r PORT , L A Nr) £. May . 1C— WHEAT— Nominal;
Walla >V.alla, 66c; Blue Stem.' 67c. •
Northern Wheat Market.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from stations in Cali
fornia to-day:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.) •
SAN FRANCISCO. May 15— 5 p. m.
Weather Report.
EVAPORATED . APPLES— The market held
firm on light offerings and fair demand from
exporters. Jobbing movements light. , State,
common to good, 7$?0c: prime, 9&@39ic; choice,
10ffilO%c; fancy. 10%@llc.
Steady Jobbing request continues for prunes
in the larger sizes of new fruits, with prices
well sustained. Old fruit dull and no more
than barely steady.
Apricots and peaches show. a steady feeling
and are In fairly active joblng request.
PRUNES— 3%@6%c. .
APRICOTS— Boxed. 10%@14c; bags. 10%@
12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, 14®16c; unpe<Ied. 8%©
12a
DRIED FRUITS.
' * , 1. r— ; — — -. -»
- NEW -YORK,' May 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,000 barrels: exports, 1811 parrels. Quiet,
but firmly held In spite of the wheat decline.
Winter patents, $3 90@4 25; winter* straights,
$3 85@4; Minnesota patents. $4 1O@4 25. '
WHEAT— Receipts. 59,475; exports,, 276.595
bushels. Spot, steady; No. 2 red elevator, 89c;
No. 2 red. 90%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 northern
Duluth, 84 %c f. o. b. afloat ; No. 1 hard Manl
toba, S7%c f. o. b. afloat. After a orief pe
riod of opening firmness, due to surprisingly
firm cables, wheat turned weak and was
heavy all day, being affected by splenuid crop
news, a poor outside demand, easier late ca- 1
bles, disappointing export trade, liquidation and
short selling. The close was %@%c net lower.
May. 8l<g81%c. closed 81c; July. 80%@81%c,
closed 81c; September, 78 %@ 70 %c._ closed 70c;
December. 80%68lc. closed 80 %c.
HOPS AND WOOL— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
COFFEE — Spot Rio,' steady; No. 7 invoice,
5%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 8%@12c. Fu
ture a closed steady, with prices net unchanged
to 5 points higher. Total pales. 16.750 bags,
including June at 5.15c; August, 5.35c; Sep
tember, 5.35c; November.- 5.60c; March, ' 6.90c;
April, 6.00. .... ,
.SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 2%c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3 7-lCc. Molasses sugar. 2%c;
refined, steady.
¦ SATTLE. May 15.— Clearings. $608,589; bal
ances, ?14S,627.
¦'¦ TA eOMA^rMay IR^Clearings;:' $178,062 ; baf
ance*.?lG,8T5; * *. ••!*>»- r^ ¦'.-.*,:"..¦".? -.. . - ¦¦"• ,.t
PORTLAND. • May 15.— Clearings. = $417,123;
balances, ?(>3,48G.
SPOKANE... May I5.r-Clearings $249,53S;
balances, S195.5G5. .* - '
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON, May 15.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
tund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 rold re
serve In the division of redemption, shows:
Available cash balance, $187,102,162; gold, $97,
443.547. '
Condition of the Treasury.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. 13@14c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens: <Jeese, per pair,
«1'23@1 50; Goslings. $1 50®2J Ducks. $4@4 50
.for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4@5;
young Roosters. $6 50@8; old Roosters. $4 25®
4 50; Fryers, $4 50@5; Broilers, $3@4 for
large' and $1 50@2 for smalU ' Pigeons. $1 75@
2 per dozen for. old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Har&, $1 25; Rabbits. $1 50 for Cot
tontails and $1 for Brush; . English Snipe. $3;
Jack Snipe, $1 50. • . . i
Receipts of Game were 12 sacks and ; the
market cleaned up readily at the quotations.
There was a steady inquiry for Snipe and good
sound stock. would have brought over our quo
tations had it been obtainable. ¦¦¦¦'.¦
Large young Roosters, Fryers and young
Hens were in demand • at steady prices, but
nearly all other descriptions were dull at the
quotations. Old Pigeons were .in demand for
shooting and prices were Upheld, but Squabs
were plentiful and lower. There was no more
Eastern received, but there were a great many
old Hens lying around, which were offering
at $5 50*g6 per dozen.- . ..
Poultry and Game
NEW YORK, May 15. — Money on call was
firm at 5@C per cent; closing bid and asked, 5
€5% per cent: prime mercantile paper,- 4%@C
per cent. Sterling exchange was firmer, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 86% @
4 86% for demand and at $4 84% for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 85@4 85% and $4 87%«
4 88; commercial bills, S4 83%@4 84%. Bar sil
ver, 51 %c; Mexican dollars, 41%c. Bonds— i-
Governments, steady; States, Inactive; rail
roads, steady.
New York Money Market.
. SALMON— Is reported in good demand and
the high- prices for meats and provisions are
helping the market. -The local market is about
cleaned up of Alaska reds and pinks and but
few medium reds remain In first hands. Sock
eyes are- reported firmer, with the supply di
minishing. The run on the Sacramento contin
ues light, but on the Columbia the run Is im
proving, although the fish average small Can
nera on the Columbia have reduced their 'prices
15c a dozen to $1 35 for Chinook tails SI 50
for flats and 85c for halves. The first of a
series of shipments of canned salmon from
Puget Sound to South Africa has been made
and others are expected to follow soon, as sal
mon is now- required by the British Govern
ment for the troops. ¦ -. •
SUGAR— The Western Suitar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In 100-lb
ba«rs: .Cubes.. A. Crashed and -Fine Crashed.
4.50c; ; Powdered, ¦ - 4.35c; - Candy • Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated, 4.25c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bass only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3 85c
Extra C, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D" 355c:
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more'
boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Domlnos — Half-barrels. " 4.75c; • boxes '
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil.' In bulk,
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, In cages,- 20c; Astral 20c-
Star, 20c: Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 25c; Eocene
22c; .deodorized stove Gasoline. In - bulk, 10c;
in cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk, 14%c- In
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c- in
cases. 26%c.
TURPENTINEt-69c per gallon in cases and
63c In drums and Iron barrels.
OIL — California Castor Oil, In cases. No.' 1,
70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed Oil, In barrels, boiled,
78c: raw. 70c: casea. 5c more; Lucol, 6Sc for
boiled and 66c for raw, in barrels; Lara- Oil,
extra, winter strained, -barrels. 95c: cases, $1;
China Nut. 57%@6Sc per gallon; pure NeaU
foot. In barrels, -70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure,
65c; Whale Oil. natural white, 40® 50c per
gallon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c;
Cocoantit Oil, barrels, 63%c for Cevlon and
58%c for Australian.
COAL — Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $6 50; Bryant. $6 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end, $5 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland; $12 in bulk and $13 25 In sacks; Penn
sylvania Antnracite Egg, ; Welsh Anthra
cite, $14; Car.nel. $11 per ton; Coke, $15 per
ton In bulk and $17 in sacks: Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50
per ton. ¦ according to brand. ¦ •¦ •
BAGS— Grain Bags, June and July, 6c; San
Quentln, 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleectt
Twine, 7%.©8c. .
General Merchandise.
The fruit prospects continue good, except in a
tew localities. The peach crop in Wasco Coun
tr is reported a failure, and In portions of
Benton. Polk, Lane and Linn counties prunes
owing to imperfect pollenization, are dropping
bafily and fears are entertained that the yields
will be very light. Cherries also .have suf
fered from cold rains and frosts, but they have
not been damaged as much as the prunes. The
outlook for strawberries and apples is excel
lent. . ;. ._**¦'• . ." " -,_ :
Hops have made a vigorous growth during
the week and the training of the vines is in
active progress. Late gardens are being planted
and the fanners in the valley are busy prepar
ing their land for corn and potatoes.
Grass of all kinds has made a. splendid
growth, and pastures everywhere are excellent
Cattle are petting fat. and the flow of milk in
the dairy districts is heavy. Stock is being
moved t» the summer ranges, and sheep shear
ing te in active progress. The Increase In
lambs has been larger than usual and the wool
clip is up to the average In both quantity and
quality. • • 1 -
In general both fall and spring grain are do-
Ing splendidly. Some complaints are made of
weedy fields in Umatilla County, and worms
¦re beginning to do slight damage In Gill lam
and Sherman counties. In the Willamette Val
ley the warm weather has been beneficial to
somewhat sickly and yellow grain, but that
•ceded on low land is still somewhat sickly
end yellow on account of insufficient sunshine
and drying weather. Seeding in this valley will
be practically completed this week. In South
ern Oregon rye has begun to head, and early
planted corn has come up nicely. Summer fal
lowing is about finished In the Columbia River
Valley.
The report of Edward A. Beats, section direc
tor United States Weather Bureau, for the
Oregon Crop Bulletin, week ended May 13, is
be follows:
Oregon Crop Bulletin.
LONDON, May 15.— The offerings at . the
wool auction sales to-day ; numbered 14,860
bales, mainly medium class. The demand was
good and superior .Merinos were 15 uer cent
above the last sales; ,;..-•• : ; -. : ¦ - 1
London Wool Sales.
1 ™- »? S ? P . H> ? Ia J 15.-CATTLE— Receipts,
1500. Market steady. Natives, 85 35®7 25
cow -5L? nd heif « s . $1 50(g/7 05;.veals. *3>,0So.'
t . HOGS— Receipts, 8500. Market 5@10c lower
LJght and light mixed. $6 00@7 25; medium
and heavy. $7 15@7 40; pigs, $4 15@5 20
_. SHEEP— Receipts. 2900. Market steady.
V, estern lambs, .$C 25@7; Western sheep, $5g>
ST. JOSEPH
. SHEEP— Receipts, 8000. Market steady.
Dambs steady. Good to choice wethers. $5 80(3
6 30; fair to choice mixed, ?5 25®5 75- West
ern sheep,' $5 50@0 30; native lambs, $5 25®
0 <5; /Western lambs., $5 50@6 75; wooled Colo
rado Iambs, $6 75@7 10.
CHICAGO/ May '; 16.— CATTLE! — Receipts,!
8500. Market active and steady; to "strong.:
Good to prime steers. $7@7 ,30;; poor to medium;
$5® 6 80; stockers and :•: feeders, . $2 75@5 r 50 j
cows,. $1 50@6 25; heifers, $2 75@6 50-/can^
r.ers $1 50@2 50; balls* $2 7505 75;. calves,
$2ffii; Texas fed steers, > $5 25i36 50 • ** '¦-:-¦ j
o .*22P S ,~ Recelpts " to-daJV' 3000; to-morrow;
24,000; left over, 2900V- ; Market active and 5®
10c lower. Mixed and , butchers, $6 95@7 30
good to choice heavy, $7 S0@7 45; rough heavy
$7@7 20; light, $0 90@7 15; bulk of sides, $7®
CHICAGO.
Eastern Livestock Market.
Americans started well on continued strength
of .Union Pacific and Southern Railway and /on
the announcement that the Southern Railway.
and Louisville and Nashville *had jointly se
cured control of the Chicago, Indianapolis and
Louisville Railroad, giving them an entrance'
into Chicago, but in the afternoon prices eased
off on New York offers of the coalers. Therti
.was good buying of Canadian Pacifies. • Copper
was % up to £54 10s the ton. . .-¦¦•:
NEW TORK. May 15. — The Commercial-Ad
vertiser's London \ ; financial . cablegram says :.
The stock market is BtiU waiting for the re-,
suits • oi" the peace conference in South Africa.'
The tone was ¦ inclined to be dull. Consols
continued between 95 and 95%, closing midway
down % for the day. There is a belief here
that peace negotiations may be prolonged. "
Ldndon Market.
New, York- Cotton '.Market.
NEW YORK. j«ay lS.-^Cotton^penedrana
closed" quiet and steady.- net 5 'to :8- points
Mail advices from London state that there is
a -continued demand for salmon from the coun
try, and the market continues steady. Por red
Alaska prices are firm, owing to the fact that
purplies of that variety are light in both the
Now York and San Francisco market. The
Xederland has arrived with 54.919 cases from
Fan Francisco, and the Glengarry with 19,329
rt*ses from Victoria and Tacoma. In Liverpool
the demand i«. good, especially for the Bmaller
5 ized packages, such as %-pound round and %
round ovals. In fruits, apricots, peaches and
l^ars are intlined to be more sought after in
'lew of the anticipated spring demand. There
ore no apples to be had. The general quality
of the 1901 pack of fruits is considered excel
lent.
Fruits and Salmon in England.
ti-aced to the influence of the acquisition of
the Chicago, Indianapolis and Louisville
jointly by the Southern Railway and Louis
ville and Nashville. The strength of the Chi
cago and Alton and Kansas City Southern
stocks was obviously based on a speculative
assumption that those roads might be availa
ble for a similar North and South junction.
In spite of the strengthening of competing
lint.? by the deal. Illinois Central was strong.
Loui&ville and Nashville was heavy, possibly
on realizing, and the early demand for South
ern Railway soon died out. The Chicago. In
dianapolis and Louisville stocks themselves
were decidedly feverish, relapsing violently and
advancing. A drop in Chicago and Eastern Il
linois, which has be-n discussed as a possible
outlet for Louisville and Nashville, reflected
disappointment. The upward movement in the
junior Vanderbilt stocks had Its Inception by a
speculative theory of relation to Chicago, In
dianapolis and Louisville. Amalgamated Cop
per was firm on the better condition in the
trade. General Electric Jumped 6 points with
out explanation. Movements otherwise were
small and shifting. .
Th»: bond market was dull, but held steady.
Tctal sales, par value, $2,275,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 1,300 79% 78% 78%
Atchison pfd 300- 97% 97% 97%
Bait & Ohio 200 106% 106% 106%
Bait & Ohio pfd »5%
Canadian Pacific . . 4,300 128% 128 12SVj
Canada Southern . . . 700 . 96% 95 95%
Ches & Ohio..; 400 47% 47% 47%
Chicago & Alton... 20.700 38% .36% 3Sy«
Chic & Alt pfd.... 2,300 77 75% 76%
Chic Ind & Louis.. 900 79 76 7<V$
Chic Ind & L pfd.. 1,700 90 80% 88
Chic & East 111 100 163 103 . 164 ;
Chic & Great West 2.900 30Vi 29% 29%
Chic & G W A pfd. .... 88%
Chic & G W B pfd:. 1,300 50% 49% - - 49%
Chic &~ Northwest. 500 254 252% 252%
Chic R I & Pac... 500 174% 174 173%
Chic Ter & Tr 1,500 22% 21% 22
rhic Ter & Tr pfd. 900 39% 38% 38%
J C C & St Louis.. 300 106 106 105%
Colo Southern 300 • 30% 30% 80
Colo Sou 1st pfd... 200 72 72 71
Colo Sou 2d pfd 43U
Del & Hudson 100 175% 175% 175
Del Lack & West. . 200 275 275 270
Denver & R G .... 41%
Denver & R G pfd OOVi
Erie 900 37% 36% 36%
Erie 1st pfd • 300 68% 68 68
Erie 2d pfd ..... 52%
Great Northern pfd .-... . ..... 183
Hocking Valley... .....-..;.¦ .*...: 81%
Hocking Val pfd. .-.-.*, -i..-.- ... ,.; 90%
Illinois Central ... 2,^00 r 154' 152% . 153%
Iowa Central ...'.'.'- 100 46%-;. 46%,; 45%
Iowa Central pfd.'. .:... ' ..;. ;...•¦ 83%
Lake Erie & West. 2,900 68% - G7% 68.
Lake E & Wjjfd,, TOO 131 130 130"
Louis & Nash-;... 2,300 142 ", J40%'.- 141%.
Manhattan L 1,500 133 132% 132%
Metropolitan St Ry 148%
Mexican Central... 200 28% 28'* 28%
Mexican National.. 900 18% 18% 18%
Minn & St Louis ....- 110%
Missouri Pacific 5,100 100% 99% 09%
Mo Kan & Tex L100 25% 25% 25%
Mo Kan & Tex pfd. 500 5C% 50% 56%
N J Central 185
N T Central. 2,800 158% 157 157
-Norfolk & West 100 57% 67Vi '57%
Norfolk & W pfd 89
Ontario & West 1,100 33>4 32% 33
Pennsylvania ....... 2,100 150 149% 149%
Reading 19,900 04% 64% 64%
Reading 1st pfd.... 400 84 S4 83%
Reading 2d pfd 1,300 09 68% 6S%
St L & S F 300 67% 67 67%
StL&SFlstpfd 83%
St L & S F 2d pfd.. 200 73 72% 72%
St L Southwest - 300 27% 27 26%
St L Southwest pfd 200 6O',4 60 59%
St Paul 4,000 169% 1C8% 169
St Paul pfd 189%
Southern Pacific... 11,200 66% 65% 65%
Southern Railway.. 34.300 38 3'U 37%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1,600 96 95% 95%
Texas & Pacific... 800 41% 41% 41%
Tol St L & West.. 400 21% v 21% 21W
Tol St L & W pfd. 300 38% 38 38%
Union Pacific . .26,000 105% 104% 105H
Union Pacific pfd.-. 700 87% 87Y*. 87>i
Wabash 7,900 27% 27 2«C
Wabash pfd ...... 100 45% 44% 441*
W & Lake Erie... 300 22% 22% V>
W&LE2dpfd.. 100 30 3(5 35%
Wis Central 100 27 U . 2t>% 26%
WIs Cent pfd 300 48% 48% 48%
Express Companies —
Adams 195
American .... 220'
United States " xi5 ¦
Wells Farpo —'.'. 202
Miscellaneous —
Amal Copper 11,000* R9 CS% 68%
Am Car & Fndry. • 100 30 ' 30 29%
Am Car &F pfd c^,u
Am Linseed Oil ¦;;• i$
Am Linseed Oil pfd. ;-. . . 52
Am Smelt & Rf... 200 46% 4(1 ' 4P,
Am S & Rf pfd .> 90
Anaconda MIn Co. 3,800 114 113% 111
Brooklyn Rap T... 1,900 OCVi 66 65%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 3,000 101% 101 101
Consolidated Gas. .. 300 222 222% 222-
Con Tob pfd 400 121 121 -120%
Gen Electric .. 1.000 329 322 327%
Hocking Coal 800 19% 19 19
International Paper. • 21
Internat Paper pfd. .... 74
Internat Power .... .... f>0
Laclede Gas ....; " gg
Nat Biscuit COO 49 ' 49 48%
[NatLead 900 20% 20 20%
North American... 100 1231& 123'A 124
I Pacific Coast ' ffj
Pacific Mall 200 40 :MSji ZHV.
People's Gas 100 102M 101% 102%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 4414 44% 44'
Prsd. Steel Car pfd. 100 84 84 R3%
Pullman Palace Car .... 2.V1' -
Republic Steel 200 17«i 17% 17
Republic Steel pfd. 100 73% 73% 731/,
Susar 2.R00 128% 127% 127%
Tenn Coal & Iron.... 0O0 04 63% 0415
U^iion B & P Co. . . 200 15% 15% ir.%
Union B & P Co pfd '* ro l
U S Leather 4,200 13% 13% latt
U S Leather pfd.. 100 85% 84% S4«
U S Rubber j 16'2
US Rubber pfd 100 5S% 68% 38 -
U S Steel 5,300 4t$ 41 41-
U S Steel pfd 8,700 01 H nt fil
Western Union .... 300 !»1% 01% 91%
Amer Loco •.. 900 31% 31% at a;
Amer Ix>co pfd 200 K! 0.1 j>3
K C Southern 33.400 34% 31% 33»i
K C Southern pfd.. .6.800 C2% 00% 61
Total sales 307.900
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg....lO9% L & N Unl 4e... mi
Do 2s coup IOOJ4 Mex Cent 4s.."... ,83U
Do 3s reg 10S Do 1st lnc 32%
Do 3s coup.....lOS Minn & St L 4s. .105
Do new 4s reg.137% M K & T 4s ..101
Do 4s coup 137% Do 2ds -. S3
Do old 4s re»r..lll N Y Cent lsts....lO4«
Do 4s coup Ill Do gen 3%s 109
Do 5s reg...... 105% N J Cent iren 6s..l38%
Do 5s coup.. ...105% Northern Pac 4s..lW3i
Atchleon sen 4s..l03% Do 3s. 73
Do adj 4s 93% N & W con 4s. . . 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading Gen 4s.. ft9%
Do 3%s 0C% S L& IMcon 5S.116
Do conv 4s WC% St L& S F4s.... 99
Canada Sou 2ds..lO9 jSt L SW lets 97«
Cent of Ga 5s.... 109 i Do 2ds 84*i
. Do 1st lnc 85 . S A & A Pass 4s. 00
Ches &. Ohio 4%s.lO8 Ifiouthern Pac 4s.. 05%
Chlot & Alt 3%s.. R4% Pouthern Ry 0B..-US1
C B & Q new 4s.. 90 Tex & Pac lets, ? i
C M&St P gen 4s.ll. r > Tol St L & W 4s. «
C & N con 7s.... 134 Union Pac 4s.. 106
C R I & P 4s 112 Do conv 4s 107%
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO4MjWab a Eh lsts 120
Chic Ter '4s 89 Do.Sds. ....;... m
Colo k Sou 4s.... 95% Do Deb B 7(ju
D & R G 4s.. 104- West Shore 4s.... 114%
Erie prlorjten 4s.lOO iWh & L E 4s.. 93%
Do Gen 4s 8S j WIs Cent 4s... ... 041?
F W & D C lsts. .114 ,;Con Tpb 4s..... ..65%
Hock Val 4%s 110 • *
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS. . .
Adams Con....... 20 Little Chief... .... n
Alice '. .. "45 Ontario .......... 7 50
Breece 50 Ophlr ............1 35
Brunswick. Con 11 Phoenix .......;.. 00
Cometock Tunnel.. O514 Potosi ...... -...;. 20
Con Cal& Va.. ...1 40 Savage*.....;:..-.. i"
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at. San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle: :- ,- : . •
CATTLE— Steers. 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers.
7@7%c; thin' Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 5@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4@4%c; Ewes. 3@3%c per
lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50®2 75 per
Ik ad or 4%@5c per lb llvewelght; yearlings, 4
@4%c per lb. .
HOGS — Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6* 4 c,
200 lbn and over, 6@6%c; feeders, 6@«%c:
bows 20 per cent off. boars 50 per. cent off
and stags. 40 per. cent off . from the above quo
tations. ,. . 1 -..-•¦.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
fre as folloows:
BEEF— 7®7%c for Steers and 6%@7c per lb
for Cows. '
VEAL — Large. 7@8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes. 7%©
8c per lb.. '¦¦
LAMB — Spring Lambs, 9@10%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 7%®9&c per lb. .
LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
Previous prices rule for all descriptions un
der this head. - - , :.'r ; ;-,;;- r .-' ;
San Francisco Meat Market.
— Asparagus, extra fancy
$2 ' per ' box, $1 50@l 75 for N6. 1 and 85c@
$1 25 for No- 2; Rhubarb/ 40@60c per box;
extra fancy, 85c@$l ; Green Peas,- 50@65c per
sack; Garden Peas, 90c@$l per sack; String
Beans, .from Los Angeles, 3@4c per lb, includ
ing Wax; from Vacavllle, 5<@6c; Cabbage 75@
We per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes,; $2 per
box and crate; Mexican Tomatoes. $1 50@2 per
box for repacked.: Dried Peppers, 10@llc per
lb; Los Angeles do, 13@17%c; Carrots, $1 per
sack: Hothouse Cucumbers, 40@75e per dozen
for small and $1@1 25 for large; Garlic, 2@3c;
Los Angeles Green Peppers, 10@15c; Mexican
do, 10@12%c; Egg Plant, from Los Angeles. 8@
10c; Summer Squash, from Los Angeles, 75cQl
$1; Marrowfat Squash. $15@20 per ton; Hub
barJ Squash, $15@20. ~.
ONIONS— Oregon, $2 25: Australian. $3 50®
3 "75;. second hands; new red, 75@85c per sack-
Sllverskins. 75c@$l per box.
•, POTATOES— New Potatoes, 2@2%c per lb.
with some fancy -red higher; . old, |l 25@1 03
for Burbanks from the, river; from Oregon and
Washington, $1 75@2; Oregon Garnet Chiles,
$150@l- 05; River Reds, ¦ $1 30@l 50; Early
Rose. .for seed, $1 65@1 75; Oregon Burbanks
for, seed, $165@1 75; Sweets, jobbing at $2®
i "¦ Summer. Squash "and.. Cucumbers appeared
from. Mary svi lie, one box of each being re
ceived.- .The former sold- for $1 25 per box and
the latter at 40@50c per 'dozen. .\ .„
.-Asparagus moved off a little better than on
the 1 -preceding -day, . and. prices were a shade
higher. - The canners were in-. the market for
the No. 2. wliieh they bought at the quota
tions. ¦ ¦ Choice garden Peas . sell well, but the
common Peas are a drug on the market, as
the canners . are not using any, and the re
ceipts are heavy. , Tomatoes continue firm and
In demand, ..supplies' being light. Other Vege
table's .were plentiful • and prices showed little
variation. • - -. • • . • .
, New red'Onlons ¦ were a shade weaker, under
heavier receipts.. .Old were dull and unchangd.
Old Potatoes were exceedingly dull. The
quotations were unchanged, but sales were
few, with j buyers .; holding^ off' waiting for the
market to settle; • The Oregon steamer ! arrived
with. 2935 sks.';' New. , Potatoes... continue
steady and receipts from the river, were larger.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
: NEW YORK, May 15.— The market for
tin. was steady and unchanged, with a r 6alel of
five tona for spot delivery at 30 centiV'.The
market closed with.- spot quoted atY$30@36 -.05.
At London the same. metal closed 2s Od- higher
Rpot at £13C 7s6d'and futures at £132:5s.
Copper was steady butiqufet locally, 'without
much feature. Standard, s^ot,' to YAuKUst was
quoted^t $11 65@12 «0.- 8 pot;$l2'12v£@12 37%;
electrolytic $11 65012 . and . castins at |u ? 75@
s?k'tJY Production of?copper -in ;>the; United,
States for April was the larg-est- on record for
any one month. It -.came, to : 24,324 tons i
against 21,438 tons in: April of jast' year.' -¦•¦
ny^l & * Wa ? 8 }l aAy V* • t H m »' but:quiet:and;"un-<
changed at 4%c. -.London;: remained . at ,£U;
There. was, no change in. the price of spelter.'
J-iondon was unchanged at £18 lOis. ''••'..
Iron in.the local market was steady..* with 1
Sirt r Rnr^n n rn mi^ al - - N <>vl' foundry,; Northern,;
J?™ 6^ 20 50; No - 2 foundry. Northern, ?19 50:
S.3» lNo> 2 ¦ foundry. . Southern, $is 50@ r
;„ ,x ; No - 1' foundry, Southern, soft. Sis C0@
19 50. -¦ English markets were Steady.and abou*!
uncnang-ed. . Glasgow closiid~53s 9d and, Mid-^
dlesboro at 4Ss yd. ¦ - - N i
Nezu. . York , Metal^ Market.
Am B & T..110 — (First Nationl — —
\nglo-Cal ... 90*4 91%iLP & A 168% —
Bank of Cal. 426^430 Mer Ex (llq> 24 —
Cal Safe Dp. 121 — 'S F Natlonl.140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Humboldt .. — — • Securty Sav. 340 390
Mutual Sav. 80 — Union Trst.lSSO —
S F Sav U.525 —
STREET RABL.ROADS.
California ...170 182Vi'Market 99^100%
Geary — 60 iPresldlo SS% —
POWDER.
Giant 75% 73%iVigorit S% Z%
SUGAR.
Hana 3% — ' Kilauea .... — 9&
Hawaiian ... — 40 Makawell . .. 23% 24
Honokaa ... 11% 11% Onomea ....24 25.
Hutchinson .. 12% — Paauhau ... 12% 13VS
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack. 160 160%|Pac A F A. 2% —
~al Fruit As. — 102'»j Pac C Bor..l65 —
Cal Wine A3.. 100^4101 Par Paint... 20 —
Oceanic S Co 30 3U4
. Mornlns Session.
Board —
5 Giant Powder Con 75 1214
5 Giant Powder Con 75 00
50 Mutual Electric Light 4 25
$4000 S P of Arizona (1909) 113 73
Street—
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 00
Afternoon Session
Board —
40 Alaska Packers' Assn 160 00
150 California Wine Assn 10O 50
20 Equitable Gas 3 37^
15 Giant Powder Con 75 00
15 Giant Powder Con 75 12%
10 Giant Powder Con 75 25
15 Giant Powder Con 75 37%
50 Honokaa Sugar Co 1175
$10000 8 P Branch R'v 6s 130 25
20 Spring Valley Water 01 50
Street —
$10000 Oakland Transit 6a 125 00
j PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board-" ~
1000 Cala-Standard 19
440 Home 3 55
1500 Junction V 20
1000 Junction 19
2020 Lion.... " 06 .
1000 Occidental of W Va 21
10O Sovereign .*. 37
600 Sterling 1 95
1500 Sterling 1 92^i
300 Sterling, b 10 1 95
500 Sterling, b 30 1 97%
100 Sterling, b 30 1 93
200 Sterling 190
Afternoon Session.
Board—
1 Hanford -• 85 00
1000 Occidental «f W Va 21
300 Occidental of W Va, a 30 21
100 Reed Crude 33
500 Reed Crude, b 30 33
200 Sterling 192%
MINING STOCKS'.
Following ' were the sales In the San Fran-
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. . . Mornlncr Session.
800 Belcher . 08 800 Ophlr 1 4O
400 Belcher 09 900 Overman 28
400 Best & Belch 20 1000 Potosi 33
200 Caledonia ... 82 300 Savage '14'
200 Chollar 16 100 Sierra Nevada 25
100 Con C & Va.l 45 400 Sierra Nevada 27
500 Gould & Cur 14 100 Silver Hill .. 45
10O Mexican ..... 4!) 100 Union Con . . 28
SCO Mexican 50 600 Yellow Jacket - 23
Afternoon Session.
. 150 Belcher 08 200 Con C & Va.l 45
500 Best & Belch 19 100 Con C & Va.l 40
1500 Caledonia ... 90 200 Ophlr 135
100 Caledonia ... 89 100 Savage » 14
200 Caledonia ... S3
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Fxchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Andes «3 300 Occidental ... V".
1000 Andes 02 200 Occidental ... 22
100 Best St Belch 2f 100 Ophir 1 AIM.
100 Caledonia ... 80 20O Ophir : 145
200 Caledonia ... 82 400 Ophlr 1 40
200 Caledonia ... 83 200 Ophlr 132V,
300 Caledonia ... 85 500 Overman .... 28
100 Caledonia ... 78 200 Overman .... 25
200 Caledonia ... 81 300 Potosi 33
350 Chollar 17 100 Potost 32
200 Con C & Va.l 4. 1000 Seg Belcher.. 02
200 Gould & Cur 14 300 Sierra Nevada 27
K«O Mexican ..... 50 200 Union Con .. 28
300 Mexican .'•' 1500 Utah 02
200 Mexican 49
Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belch 19! 300 Challenge ... 20
100 Best & Belch 20; 500 Crown Point . 07
100 Caledonia ... fcl 400 Crown Point . 08
100 Caledonia ... 85 200 Occidental ... 23 ;
200 Caledonia ... 99, 200 Ophlr 132%
40O Caledonia ... t>2 500 Overman 2rt
100 Caledonia ... 94 400 Potosi 32
200 Chollar 17 40O Savage 1+
2Ort Chollar 1« 100 Tellow Jacket 2S
200 Chollar 18 100 Yellow Jacket 23
100 Con C & V.I 42%
BANKS,
.- *":' : . ' INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.260 270 .
Cent L & P. 2% — |Sac E G&R. S5 30
Eqt G L Co. 3& 3Vi : S F G & E. 44 44"4
Mutual 4 4Vi!S F G L Co. 5% uM,
O G L & H. 62 — Stktn Q & E. 8 —
Pac G Imp.. 39tf 40H!
GAS. AND ELECTRIC.
The steam seems to be out of the, Bean mar-,
ket.," Those dealers who are carrying previous
ly purcha8ed r • lines are. trying to hold up prices,
but those who are .receiving : lots on consign
ment "are -letting go at the quotations. White
and Pink descriptions: are lower. -.
• BEANS— Bayos, $3@3 15; small White, $2 40
@2 50; large White, $2 30@2 40; Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Pink, $2 10®2 20; Red. $2 50; Blackeye.
$4 90@5; Limas, $3 05@3 75; Red Kidneys, $3 50
@3 75perctl. ; , . • • .
¦ SEEDS— Trieste' Mustard, $2 - 50@2 65; Yel
low I Mustard, ¦ $3 25@3 -50; Flax, $2 25@2 50;
Canary. 3'^c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah,
30%«jili'/4c; California, M)©10%c; Rape. 1%«j>
2'4c: Hemp,' 3%c per lb.- -- ¦
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 60®2; Green; $1 50
@2; Blackeye. nominal.. ... • ¦
Beans and Seeds.
•LIVERPOOL...-; .......
Wheat— - May. July. ':' Sept.
Opening .,....:... 6 1% 6 1% .6 3%
Closing ...;i. ...... 6 1% 6 1% 6 3%
,--, ¦¦ . ¦> .;•• PARIS.- --"
¦ Wheat— \ " r f. May.: Sept.-Dec.
Opening,. .....,..>.; .^..... 21 95 ' 20 40
Closing :¦.:*.. '.AUU... .,22.00.. 20 45
• .Flour^ — ¦'"•¦ - : ' :".••,' •--' ¦'-•>- ' -< ¦:•¦¦.-•«..'.•;¦ -v'-'i
Opening 24 05 26 35
Closiiig . ; 26 65 2640'
Foreign Futures.
Local securities quiet and featureless.
Silver and Exchange as previously reported.
Wheat and Barley continue to advance slozviy.
Oats and Corn very stiff, with stocks closely held.
Middlings higher. Rolled Barley very firm. Bran and Hay tin-
Beans nofa dull, with quotations declining.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs about as before.
Stocks of Dried Fruits tccll cleaned up.
Provisions dull, but firm in sympathy with Chicago. "
No variation in live or dressed Meats.
Hides active and very firm.
Canned Salmon in good demand. ,
Old Potatoes and Onions dull. Vegetables sell fairly.
Not much change in Poultry and Game.
Strawberries and Cherries easier. Oranges dull and plentiful.
Hides are quoted active and very strong.
with still firmer quotations for salted stock
and Horse Hides. Other descriptions under
this head remain unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1 He under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie: medium. 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hides.
9V4c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c;
Salted Kip. !>c; Salted Veal, 9%c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides, 15@16%c; Culls. 14@15c; Dry
Kip. ll@13c; Dry . Calf, 16@18c; T Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20@
30c each;: short Wool, 40@60e each; medium,
6o@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 50 for me
dium,-$1 50@2- for- small ¦••'and 6Oc for- Colts;
Horse Hides, - dry, $1 75 for large. $1 50 for
medium, $1@1 25 for small and 5Oc for Colts.
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican, 32V$c; dry salted
Mexican* 23c; .dry Central American, ' 32 %c.
Goat Skins — Prime Angoras, 75c;' large and
smooth; 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 5 &@ 6c per lb;
No. 2. 4^@5c; grease, 2%@3Vic.
WOOL — Spring — Northern free, 14@16c; do,
defective, 13©14c; Middle County free. 13@15c;
do, defective. 12® 13c; Southern, 12 months. !)@
10c; do, 7 months. 9@llc: Foothill. ll@13c;
Nevada. 12@15c per lb. •-
HOPS— 12e for fair and 13@14c per.lb for
good to choice.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS;
BOSTON STOCKS "AND BONDS.
Money— ; j do prefd" ....... 91
Can loans .5%@fl Westlngh Commn.103
rime loans 4%@5 Mining— :
Bonds— - Adventure 23
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez 3 Vi
m X i ts ft 5 Amalgamated 68%
M « Cent 4s 81% Daly West 1 ...... ' 44
a , RA , llr °a<ls— Blngham 30%
Atchison 78% Calumet & Hecla.550
do prefd | 07?i Centennial 19%
Boston & Albany. 262 Topper. Range. ... 53%
Boston & Maine.. 196 Franklin ......... 11 *
Boston Elevated. a«J4 .Jsle Royale 13%
NY N H & H...231* Old. Dominion .J;. 19
luiion Pacific. -....lO5Vi Osceola ./.....¦;.. 63
Mexican Central..- 27%;Parrot ......ii... 26
Miscellaneous— Qulncy 125
Am Sugar ...,., 127%: Tamarack ..170 1
» do ri"^ f » d • • • • • • - 1J » Trinity ... ....... 12%
Am Tel &. Tel.... ISO United States ... 20»i
Dom Iron & Steel. 55% Utah ......,......: 23
General Electric. .327 Victoria .... 4?4
Mass Electric .... 45% Winona ..;....;.. 3%
do prefd ....... 00% Wolverine ..... .'. 54
Lnited Fruit 107- United Copper,... 35%
u S Stjeel 41 ... •
* LONDON CLOSING PRICES.
Consols for money 95% NY Central..... 161
do for acount.05 3-10 Norf'ft Western.. 59
Anaconda 5%l do prefd .. .....92%
Atchison .89 j Ontario & West.. 33%
do prefd 100% ; Pennsylvania . 77
Bait & Ohio 109% Reading ......... 33%
Canadian Pac ...132% do 1st prefd..: 43
Ches & Ohio 48% do 2d prefd ... 35%
Chi Gt Western.. 31 Southern Ry .... 3S%,
C Mil & St Paul . . 174 do prefd ....:.. 07 •"»!
Den & R Grande. 43 U Southern - Pac... :C7%
do prefd 93% Union Pac 108%
Erie 38% j . do prefd .90
do 1st prefd ... 70%iU S Steel 42
do 2d prefd . . . . 57 do prefd 93Va
Illinois Central. ..157 Wabash ...... 28 i
Louis & Nash 145H . do prefd ....... 40Vi
M oKan & Tex.. 2«>4 Spanish 4s 78%
do prefd CO |
Bar silver, steady, 23%d per ounce. Money,'
2y.<sv.i*. per cent. . > ,".
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent. •
The rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bills is 2% per cent.' • ¦
Deadwood Terra. .. 75| Sierra ' Nevada. . .".' .- 22
V° rn o.'. Iver - • * 1 40;Small Hopes...... 40
Iron Silver. .»....'.. 72 Standard .;.... . V.3 25
Leadville Con 05l
On ' the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
narket - was = steady; ¦ creameries, 18@22c; dal
les. 17020c. Cheese,, heavy, ;12@13c. • Ekes,
lrm,- i 13£'14c, ' : '.¦¦ ¦¦ . , , 5
'. Rolled Barley, is very firm, in sympathy with
the raw grain. ¦ Middlings have again advanced
50c. V Bran and Hay are unchanged:
BRAN— $17@18 50 per ton.
- MIDDLINGS— $21@22 50 per ton. - V :
¦ j FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled ; -• Barley, $21@21 50
per ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill, ?25@26; job
bing, ¦ $26 50@27;-Cocoanut Cake.- $20@21; Corn
Meal, . $30 50"@31 50; Cracked . . Corn. $.*51@32;
Mixed Feed, $1C«5)17: Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
HAY— Wheat, $9@11 50; Wheat and Oat,
$8 50® 11; Oat, $8@10 50; Alfalfa, $8@11; Clo
ver, $7@0; Volunteer. $G 50@S 50; Stock. $6@8
P6 STRAW— 40@65c per bale.
Hav and Feedstuff s.
' Articles— -.- • ¦¦.• Receints. Shipments,
Flour, . barrels .....;..... 21,000 »'¦ 27,000,
Wheat, bushels 24,000 133,000
Corn, bushels ............ 29,000 2S,000
Oats, bushel* ............112.000 421,000
Rye, bushels .2,000 . 3,000
Barley, bushels ;.......... "18, 000 •;:. 3,000 >
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10% c; three
half-barrels, 10%c; one tierce, 10%c; two
tierces, 10%c; five tierces. 10%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at S%@8fic per lb
for compound and 12%c for pure; half-barrels,
pure. 12%c: 10-lb tins, 13%c; Mb tins. 13fcc;
3-Ib tins. 13%c.
CURED ¦ MEATS— Bacon. . 13c per 1b for
heavy, 13%c for light medium. 14%o for light.
15 %c for extra light and 16@17c for sugar
cured; Eastern susar-cured Hams. 14% c; Cali
fornia Hams, 13%@14c; Mess Beef, *9@9 50 per
bbl: extra Mess, $10@10 60: Family, $llt&
11 50; prime Mess Pork. $15 5O@16; extra clear.
$23; Mess, $13 50(319; Dry Salt Pork. $11 50®
« 12 60; Pig Pork, $28; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked
Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
With' Chicago where It is there is not much,
if any. profit on Hams, Bacon and Lard at cur
rent quotations. • - :'
era, $1.77; prime timothy seed, $6; tness pork,
per bbi.' $17 30@17 35; lard, i per < 100- lb*.
*1O 87%@10 40; short* ribs sides (loose), . $9-70
@0 SO; dry salted shoulders- (boxed), .8®8%c;
short clear sides (boxed). $10 40(2*10 50; whis
ky, basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, contract
grade, $8 30.-- i •.-;.'¦ ¦. ' •'
lews, usual discount to . the trade: -Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $8: Rye Meal,
$2 75; Rice Flour, '$7; Corn Meal. $3 25:. extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25; Hominy.- $4®
4 25; Buckwheat Flour $4 50@4 75: Cracked
Wheat. $3 50; Farina, .'|4 50; ~Whol« Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 S5@9; In
sacks, $6 85@8 50; Pearl Barley. ?5 60: Split
Peas/ $5 50; Green Peas. $6 50 per 100 lbs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRID&Ty MAY 16; 1902.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
New York Grain and Produce.
THE COAST RECORD.
LOCAL MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET;
Chicago Grain Marlat:
11
AUCTION SALES
MUST BE SOLD
, AUCTION SALE
.5Vn . OF
FORTT HEAD OF BROKE HORSES, weigh-
in? trom 1300 to 1600. suitable for transfer, ex-
press, vegetable wagons and trucks; also 50
head of unbroken horses weighing from 1100
to 1300. Consigned from Idaho.
TO BE SOLD ON MONDAY.. MAT 19. 1902.
: AT 11 A. M.. AT
BRICKER k COATS* CORRALS. 185 VALEJ*-
CIA STREET.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
fc* FIRST SALE fc*
At STEWART'S HORSE MARKET,
721 HOWARD ST.
Fifty head gentle and thoroughly city broken
horses from 1000 to 1700 pounds; also one com-
plete camping outfit. Horses now on exhibition.
Sale begins at 1 p. m. Monday, 4 May 19, 1902.
Telephone Main 1150. \ - tTHE SAN FRANCISCO^CALL, JTRLDAY, JtfAY 16, 1902.
12
COMPANIES incorporated and financed: U. S.
licensed stock brokers; stocks and bonds sold;
. investigate our 5 per cent. income bond propo-
. eltlon to i guarantee ¦ stock Issues of new '.en-
terprises; stocks underwritten' on London and
American plan; send for the "Pacific States
Investor," : an up ; to date financial paper;
j we have I always 1 opportunities • for investors
to come in on the ground floor of .: first-class
propositions; correspondence solicited. Pacific
States Mining and Investment Co., 326 Post
st. ; established 1892. ¦-¦¦- . . - < ¦¦
.'.,._ ¦¦,.-;' FL'ATgjTOjJLET. ¦'->-'/;¦;':_;._.'_¦_¦_"
2 NEW sunny 5 and 6 room flats; all modern;
Mission and" 24th sf cars pass door. Corner
• Nob and 'Elizabeth sts. ¦ ' ' " :
UPPER'-nat,--7 -rooms and .basement rooms;
fine marine vle'w. 2362 Vallejo st; key at
; j_i_____________— . —^— — — — —
FRANKLIN.- 202— Nice, clean, sunny, tenement
of 5 rooms and bath. . ¦
2 .FLATS of 3 rooms each: rent cheap. . 3
, Hampton place.- near Third and Folsom ats.
FLAT of 3. rooms; yard: cheap. 225-225%
' Eighth st, near Howard. \ ' " •
PIERCE. -2935 and 2937— $32 60 and $35; ele T
. gant new 6-room flats.. Just completed. •¦
$20— SUNNY ubper flat, 5 rooms, bath, and
/yard. 16 Shotwell st.; near. Fourteenth.
PINE. 2132— 6 rooms- bath; all modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Owner; 2134 Pine.
FLATS FOK 8AL_— FURNISHED.
THE^ new^nd~up^to-date furniture and carpets
of an 8-room modern sunny flat: near Van
' Ness ave.. on Eddy st. Address box 994. Call.
' FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS^t^ni^ed~ln~oak7 $48 60, , with No. 7
range. 'King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
OAK parlor sef oak chairs; bed-room fur.,
couch, hat rack, etc. 2824 California st-
; FURNITURE WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
' reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A.'' WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
•GLOVES. ,
TRY Danlcheff - One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
AT~a" R?~hTnS_N~'_~CO. i S . . . .429 Bush st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
A . crew of waitresses, hotel, Arizona, free
fare .. .\ • $25
3 waitresses, first-class hotel, near city.. .$25
Chambermaid to wait, summer resort, short
; distance .......:......:;.'..... * $20
Waitress, Mariposa, fare paid $20
Waitress, Watsonvllle • • $20
Fancy lroner, short distance... $28 and found
Waitress. Santa Cruz .-$20
2 chambermaids, city. .......... .$15, $18
Middle-aged chambermaid, country hotel.. $20
... .. FAMILY DEPARTMENT .........
• Woman with a child, country, • $15 ; cooks,
housegirls, city and country: waitress, pri-
vate family, short distance, $30, ref erences;
houseglrl • and cook, Gilroy, fare here, $25;
hoiiseglrl. Pacific Grove, $20; ranch cook^$25;
others too numerous to itemize..
C. R. HANSEN & CO. , 429 Bush st.
REFINED nursegirlHo take care of 1 baby 20
months old, $10. toJpo to Lake Tahoe and
room and board in. the hotel; fare paid
C. R. HANSEN & CO. .429 Bush st.
WANTED— 4 cooks, with and without washing,
$30. $36; housework, 2 In family,' $30; cook,
small hotel, country, $40; 2 Infant nurses,
$25; chamber work and sewing, $25; 2 parlor
maids, city and country, $25; head waitress
for. springs, $35, see party here; 3 waitresses
for resorts, $25; 8 second girls, city and
country, $20, $25;. cook for children, $25;
'general housework, 3 in family, Alameda. $25;
cook, Santa Clara, $25, and a large number
of girls for' nice places, city and country
places, too numerous to advertise, t Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
GIRL or woman for general housework " on
' fruit ranch; small American family; short
. distance in country; $20, fare paid.
MRS. M. E. '.DAY... !.......' 335 Geary.
HOUSE' girl- for 'young married couple; $25:
MRS. M. E. DAY.. ...335 Geary.
25 .WAITRESSES, first-class springs and re-
sorts, to go In the next week; $25-$20. ' ,
MRS. M. E. DAY ...335 Geary. !
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, $22 50. city hotels; 2 manglers,
$25f 3 ironers,- $30, ¦ country hotel laundry.
WOMAN to cook on a ranch; $30; see lady
here this , morning;. wages $30. MISS PLUN-
KETT, .425 Sutter st, near Powell..
¦ NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY ;TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; , WE TBACII
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING ; STEADY WORK ; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS _ CO., 32% FREMONT
ST. ; MR. DAVIS.
WANTED — 5 girls to learn halrdresslng. mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; brlnr ad; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions' waiting; private customers assure $50
to $75 per month; day and evening class; be-
ware of imitations; ours first and only college
of the, kind on Pacific .Coast College, 233
Geary ' St., j rooms 13-15. '
WANTED— A" stenographer and typewriter for
the Interior; must possess ample - experience
and be able to assist in clerical work; state
experience had ' and names of previous em-
ployers. Address box 17S2, Call office, y ¦
WANTED— A good experienced sewer for bush-
ellng department. - S. N. WOOD & CO., 718
Market «t. , ¦ ' -.:..
PANTS operators wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
50 EXPERIENCED operators on silk and
woolen waists; good pay; steady work. San
Francisco Mfg. Co.. 523 Market st.
GOOD home and nice position to girls willing
to learn dining-room service; wages from be-
glnnlng.- 039 Bush , st.
WANTED — First-class waitresses, 930 Bush
st. ; good wages to experienced girls; also to
inexperienced willing to learn.
STENOGRAPHER and bookkeeper; state ex-
perience; answer in own handwriting. Box
837. Call office.
WANTED — A chambermaid; city references;
carfare paid; call bet. 10 and 2. 1102 -Van
Ness ave.
EXPERIENCED waitress; also lunch and din-
ner waitress; 6 hours a day; $25 per month.
725 Market st. . , .
OPERATORS and finishers ¦¦ on gents' custom
- and stock shirts. ROGERSON'S. 535 Valencia.
GI i R^ S r. to on butt °n s - San Francisco
Mfg. Co., 523 Market St. V
WANTED— Woman to assist in pantry work;
good wages to. right person. 939 Bush st.
GOOD cook, Swedish or German.' 318 Walnut
st. ; call Friday. . \ ; ;
WANTED— Lady piano t player * for roadside
house In country. . ¦ Box : 924,' Call. .',:
WANTED— Girl to care for; child. Call In
¦morning at 1104 Ellis st. cor. Gough.
'ACTIVE young ; woman to learn waiting at
table' In restaurant. ¦ 725 Market et. .-.. S
" I '9H NO ' woinan to assist In restaurant pantry.
725 Market st. - ¦; ¦ ,
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper - familiar with
laundry work; references. Box 1784, Call.
WANTED— Girl to cook and Ao ' light , house-
work. Call 1349 McAllister 'st. -
WANTED — Experienced dry "goods wrapper
Apply ¦¦ between 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.', , ¦ ,,. , .. .' . \
WANTED— Experienced seamstress on coat and
skirt alterations. Apply between 8 and 11 a.
m. at HALE BROS.' r ',.
Halrdresslng, manicuring, massage, bleaching,
dyeing, halrwork; splendid. position 'In stores
and with private customers, $50 to $75 mo. ; 2
weekB $5; day, ev. classes. , 1236 Market, r. 94.
LADY from 45 to : 65 years will treat free for
wrinkles; no' surgery or electricity used.' Har-
ris Institute of Dermatology, . 608 Sutter St..
Bowhay building.
BUTTONHOLE maker and finishers on . vests".
..and finishers on pants. . BELASCO &-JJAR-
RIS CO.. 541; Market st. .>
VACANCY, to.be filled at once ; by woman of
ability;-, rare, opportunity, for right party.
Box 920, Call. ..;¦-¦ ¦ ; ' '¦
A GIRL for housework and plain 'cooking and
¦ assist in bakery.,; Apply 1794 Halghtst.;
GIRLS wanted; COLOMBAT'S • Fringe - Fac-
¦ tory,;113 O'Farrell-sf ¦ . : V: -..,¦.
i WANTED-^A' good cook; I to ¦ help - with house-
; .- work ; - good wages. ,' 841 " Hyde st ~ : .. ¦ ;
GIRL V for" general housework:'- 945 Chestnut st.;
Oakland., ; . ,,,;.-— .-,...¦
EXPERIENCED operators and : finishers ,* on
.•shirts; Dl'C. HEGER, 723 Market Bt.; . ray 35.'
WANTED— Experienced • ¦' shirt makers. * EAO-
.LESON &.CO.; 535 Market rt. - ., •¦
APPRENTICE' wanted on , tailor-made suits.
;- 1010 %< Bush^st '¦>,-••;- ,"¦" -'.- ¦--¦ ¦¦>:¦¦¦ - - L y
WANTED— Shoe fitters on dry and wax thread
work. ;. 26 Main ' st. ' ; ; . ¦¦-.--:¦
WANTED-^Presser on ¦¦ wool and /silk waists.
> San: Francisco Mfg. Co..<523 Market at. Y-it-
SAN FRANCISCO CA_L.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m..
S00 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
639 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. .
2261 Market street corner Sixteenth; : . open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m. J
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p..m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p.m.
2200 Flllmore Etrcet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1, K. ¦•_
T., 8 Post St.— Repular assembly THIS TSp
<FRIDAY) EVENING, May 16. for in- Effl
etallation of officers. All Iraters cour- W
teously invited. By o. 3er of the Com- ~ \ •
mander. HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
_A PARFAITE UNION Lodge No. 17, ft
F. and A. M. — Calied meeting THIS J%-,
(FRIDAY) EVENING at S o'clock. TZX
First decree. By order of the W. M. »^T
P. ST. JULLIEN, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15, L <j_«ai_».
O. O. F. — Members will attend --agTSSSx
t racial _eeiing: at 3 p. m. TO- : ?S5J5^^'
DAY at chapel of Odd Fellows' '^»*v« k
Cemetery. Point Lobos ave, called for fu-
neral ot Brother C. C. VORRATH.
WILLIAM P. HUMPHREYS, N. G.
W. W. CROSS. Rec. Sec-
BAN FRAXCISCO Tent No. _Jw^S?ik
IV K. O. T. M. — Review £^?£jX^j&
THIS (FRIDAY) EVEN- nM ;g* t^S
IXG. at 8 o'clock. Pioneer &VZ Stv T*UI
Hall. 24 Fourth st \%3jf^Jffii
II. H. CASTLE. V^^?_%/
Record Keeper.
FAIRMOUNT Lodge No. 108. K. of Hf
P., will confer 6 Page and 4 Esquire TiV
Tl&zks THIS EVENING. &6K*
R. _ LANE. M. of F. j^SS
REGULAR meeting of the Caledon- v V&«.
Ian C:-b THIS EVENING at 8 t»UJ
e'eiock. Tickets lor entertainment *?V_X^
on May 21, and also tent tickets
will be attributed. Scottish Hall. 117 Lar-
kin ft A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAS. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
MASS meeting of the residents of Golden Gate
Valley, under auspices of the Golden Gate
Valley Improvement Club will be held et
Steimke Hall. Octavia st. between Green
end Union, FRIDAY. May 16; 1902. at 8
o'clock p. m. MAYOR SCHMITZ and other
prominent speakers will address the meeting.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers — Business of great
Importance to come before the union; final
action on ecale of -wages to be taken. JOS.
R. BLE1LY. Secretary-
THE Board of Medical Examiners of the State
of California will hold a special examination
at examination chambers. Civil Service Com-
mission, City Hall, San Francisco, Cal.,
commencing TUESDAY. May 27, 1902. at
10 a. m.
CHAS. C WADSWORTH. M. P.. Sec ¦
ANNUAL Meetinc — The reeular annual meet-
. ing of the stockholders of the Olympic Salt
Water Company will be held at the office of
the company, 327 Market Et, San FranclscoJ
Cal., on MONDAY, the 26th day of May/
19C2, at the hour of 3 o'clock n. m.. for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Friday, May 16. 1902, at 3 o'clock t». m.
CHAS. A. GIBSON. Sec
Office. 327 Market ft.. San Francisco. Cal.
AGENTS WANTED.
CANVASSERS for the Home Vegetable Elicer.
Call 1073^ Market st. room 7.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
C13; &U cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments.' collections,
etc.; legal papers drawn; consultation free; no
advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free; divorces a specialty: quick: quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE, 850 Market Et. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; • low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. 819 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt.; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has beet bicycles made; all prices; oall
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301
Larkin. 305 Market 1968 to 1974 Page.
BIRDS, DOGS, ETC. _*
P.O BISON'S BIRD STORE —
335 and 337 Kpamy st
ALL KINDS OF BIRDS. DOGS. ETC.
Laryst and best appointed place in the country.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
O.OOD home with refined family (2 adults) for
child going to school: $7 month. 16101a Bush;
phone Polk 2797; references exchanged.
YOUNG German lady wishes 1 child to board;
good home. 150 Chenery st
BOOKS NEW AND OLD.
AN old English blackletter Bible, also Testa-
ment bound in leather, one had brass clasps,
once property of Sinclair Kirtley, lawyer, of
St. Louis and Sacramento, a '49er, contains
lamlly records. P. M. Cooke, Colonial Hotel.
BOOKS of all kinds bcaght; libraries purchased.
H. C. ~Holmes 1143 Market; teL Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES. ~
A — DAIRY produce, delicatessen and tamale
depot clearing above $350 per month; estab.
years: the best investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A — $SO0; PARTNER wanted in fine paying and
fcest located restaurant on Sutter St.; sick-
ress compels owner to take good man as
partner or sell the whole business. See R.
G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A — fSOO; RESTAURANT and chop house op-
posite railroad depot; place established years
and doing a good-paying business. Call R.
G. WILKE. Kearny Et
A— $750; CORNER delicatessen store with
3 nice living rooms, in the choicest location
in the city; rent $25; only cause of sale
owner accepted Government position. In-
qulre R. G. WILKE. 2C& Kearny Bt
A— $275; SALOON, with hall. In flret-class lo-
cation, on San Mateo electric R. R.; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— 51250; HAMMAM. Turkish and Russian
baths; large patronage; all latest Improve-
ments; first-class location. See R. G.
WILKE. 2ti',4 Kearny tt
A— -$950; SALOON in wholesale district: rent
*_ 50; place is estab. for many years and
doing a good-pa j-lng business; only reason
for tale partners bought hotel In the coun-
try. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny.
A— 12000; CORNER saloon on Montgomery
et. ; established for years and known as flret-
class paying proposition; rent $175; return
rent $»'J; investigate at once; rare chance.
R. G. WILKE, 20% Kearny nt
$175 — RESTAURANT: north Market: sacrifice
on account wife's eicknese; business clears
#80 month; good chance. Apply P. S DE
LUCA. 318 Kearny st., room 1.
9 1500 — AN elegant oyster and chop house; best
location; cheap rent; daily receipts guaran-
. teed $35 to $40; sells at sacrifice on account
. of eicknees; look at this before buying else-
where. Apply P. E. DE LUCA, 318 Kearny
et.. room 1.
WE have lodging-houses, stores, restaurants,
laundries, saloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale- also
city and country real estate for sale or ex-
change. Call or write for our free list HEX-
LY & CARR Realty and Mining Co.. 713
Market st.. room 406; tel. James 4121.
RESTAURANT— $100 cash and $200 on time-
good business for man and wife. McBRIDE
& CO.. <65 Market Bt
A RARE chance for man and wife: a home
cooking and baking kltchan in the best local-
ity in the city; price $400; is well worth $650-
r-mlnt" &„%„'.£* E>CknC88; «*" * Dd "
A PROTESTANT Christian man or woman
with $2000 or more to back up a new ta"
J^^d^vestlgate my proposition. Bo'x
CO f^ EE h 3 us * among large hotels; open all
iw_5. th?- t f* Mlellt locatioa : «tabIi B h»d
15 > ears; this is a great chance for a man
and wife: a furnished flat connected: roonS
all rented; no agents. Box 1771. Call office.
AN old-established restaurant; guarantee *1OO
per month; centrally located; must sell at
sacrifice; going north. Box 063, Call office.
RESTAURANT for sale; everything new; Uv-
lng rooms; bargain; cause of sale sickness.
Corner Sutter and Devisadero sts.
A— RESTAURANT: receipts $30 day: sickness
cause mtle. STRAND. 1007% Market nr. 6th.
WASTED- Paying grocery and bar or saloon
In good location. Box 1772. Call office.
HOWARD and 19th— Grocery and bar; 4 living
rooms; stable; rent $15; price $300.
SALOON with rooms; small rent: night and
day trade; $350 ; no agents. 70 Jackson st
HESTAURANT for 6_e^ — Cheap. 136 Second
street.
f 100 — TOBACCO and cigar store with living
rcoms; rent $13; must sell. Apply 140 Firrt
GOOD inside route on morning paper for sale. -
201 Le&renworth at
GIRLS' ABOUT 16 YEARS OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTYOF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
J LEVI STRAUSS _ CO..* 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. -DAVIS.
WANTED— Girt to work in a small restaurant.
258 Flrst.st.. near Folaom.-. -"..
.CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubscriptlons
received at Call b^nch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
, subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ ¦
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A — ....'.."...............MURRAY. & READY
Phone Main 5848.. ..,.. .034 and G36 Clay st
Leading- Employment and Labor Agents. :
¦ ••~. ..Office Open 7 a. m....
, TO-DAY, ....WE SHIP..... ....TO-DAY
Free............/... Free ....To
Sierra Nevadas . . . . ...............'. Salt Lake
And Nevada Divisions. .¦ .Including to
Wads worth.. Elko...*...Moleen ..Reno
Palisade....'. and..;.;:... Ogden Division
.5000 men... ..Come one.;. ..... .Come all
S. P.R. R:.....Free fare...-...C. P. R. R.
S. P. R. R Free fare...'.; .C. P.R. R.- 1
075 teamsters'
.....Free.- $2, $2 25, $2 50. $2 75 day
167 rockmen. .: . . . . , .Free .$2 50 day
286 drillers... Free.,... $? 50 day
V75. laborers.. -.;'. .. ..'.Free. 7. .. ..$2 $2 25 day
87 concrete laborers.. Free. ..:.... .'.$2 25 day
$1 office fee. no other expenses.. Come and see
•• -S. P. R. R . ...C. P. R. R
Great Santa Fe. R. R.-. . . . .... .Free
25 laborers for Santa Fe's own work.... :
Best Places at.". .. ..MURRAY & READY.
Best Wages at... ...... .634 and 636 Clay et. !
A.'............. GOLD ....... MINES
SILVER
, ••• .....OTHER MINES
- (58 miners, single and double hand.:..;.
.....:.. ........$75. $85, $90
. 15 machine miners. ... ..'..$70 and found,- $90
29 muckers... .$55 and found
163 laborers, ' no experience
. $40. $53, $60 and found
" 15 timber 1 men. .$70 to $80 and found
29 laborers, all top work, no experience re-
quired; If you give satisfaction there will
be a show of advancement both in Jobs and
wages; remember; the above -are for -28 dif-
ferent mines, located all over California and
other States; steady Jobs and good accommo-
dations
Large Crowd Going. MURRAY & READY.
V Are You? 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIAL GOOD JOB. ...... .FREE FARE
25 laborers,. 12 miles Irom city. .......... .$00
MURRAY. & READY. . . . . . . .634-636 Clay st.
AGAIN WE PAY YOUR FARES ......./.:
- . SHIP TO 35 SAWMILLS. ETC
••••••NO EXPERIENCE REQUIRED....;.
28o laborers for mills, woods, yards, wharves,
etc., located everywhere: .$30. $35 and found
• • ALSO WANTED
\\ oodchoppers, tiemakers, picket-makers,
shingle packers, sawyers, cross-cutters, screw
j turners, pondmen, screw setters, shingle saw-
yers, woodsmen and all other classes of help
used in mills, woods, etc. ; wages run from
$35, $40, $50. $60. $70. $80 and found ........
You'll Suit. \ MURRAY & READY,
Will You Go? . 634-636 Clay st
A. ......CARPENTERS........ FREE FARE
..... BLACKSMITHS
9 carpenters, country job, to build scows,
dredgers, etc, bridge carpenters will do, 5
months' Job, $82 and found, free fare; 22
other carpenters, different jobs, come see;
blacksmiths, also 9 helpers, for shops, camps
mines, etc., $2. $2 60, $3. $3 50 day.; ..
MECHANICAL— OTHER JOBS
Blacksmith, no shoeing, near city. $3 .day;
cabinetmakers; 3 crane men, $90; 2 carriage
painters, $3 day; bench hand, planing mill, $3
'day; machinist and 39 different mechanics.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
A— BOARD HOME. .SAN FRANCISCO
, 12 laborers, some -factory jobs. ....... $2 day
. .' OTHERS
. 26 laborers, city work $00
22 teamsters, city jobs $55. $<S0
297. laborers, teamsters, located all over Cali-
fornia ...... ......$1 75. $2. $2 25. $2 50 day
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay st. .
A. ....;.. MISCELLANEOUS
1 39 quarrymen, $60 9 roustabouts
fl teamsters, near San Francisco $60
Miner and tool sharpener, $75.. .brick burner
Man used to burn without oil, $75, and all
classes of help for brick yards, etc.; furnace
man; man to drive sprinkling cart
Men to mix coffee.boy for clerk, country hotel
Man todo chamber work, hotel; 3 canwash-
1901 *WE GAVE." .' ."MURRAY *&" READY". '.'.'.'.
. 37,000 MEN ! 634 and 636 Clay st
A— HA YMAKING— ORCHARDS
DAIRIES. . ..VINEYARDS. ...FARMS, ETC.
38 haymakers and mowers.. $1 25 day and fd
486 farm, orchard, vineyard, stock farm
hands, etc., $26, $30, $35 - and found, come,
see; 60 milkers, special. good places, $30, $36
and found ; 22 butter and cheese makers, $35
$40, $45 and found; 5 men to pick and thin
fruit .'.$26 and found
38 choremen and boys.. $15 and $25 and found'
3 sheepherders, $25 and found ; milker, . 20
cows, $30
WE SUPPLY...... MURRAY & READY,
4302 FARMS. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
20 STABLEMEN, hostlers, ° harness cleaners,
buggy washers, etc., city, country Jobs, some
private. $45, $50, $00
2 gardeners... 2 choremen
MARRIED ....
3 farmers & wives. $53 _ fd.3 milkers & wives
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
*........: HOTEL
BAKERIES.. ETC., ETC.
Camp cook, $9 week; cake baker, country
shop, $45; boy to learn bakery, business, city;
bakers', helpers, $25 and $30; bakery wagon
driver
Cook, ranch. $40; camp cook, $40; cook, four
¦men on farm, $20; cook; seven men on fruit
farm, $30; 18 cooks,, country and city Jobs;
cook, country hotel, 20 boarders, j $40, easy
job; 14 porters, 15 kitchen hands, 10 dish-
washers, etc
Hundreds of other positions not advertised.
Call and read our bulletin boards '
WORK. FOR YOU. MURRAY & READY,
WORK FOR E VERYBODY. 634-636 Clay st
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY/
69 Third St.. near Call bldg., phone Bush 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS ..........
, FREE FARE... FREE FARE....
100 teamsters, Nevada. .. .$2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers .' r.$2 25 day
60 concrete men '. .$2 25 day
Office fee. $1 ......No other expenses
. . . . . ... . FOR LUMBER WOODS .... . . . . .
4 woodsmen. $40 per month and board
0 swampers .$35 per month and board
6 graders on road — $35 per month and board
2 doggers. ...... .$57 60 per month and found
2 hook tenders... $57 60 per month and found
10 lumber pliers ....$2 to $2 25 per day
• Teamsters and laborers, city .'.-. . r $2
6 paving-block makers. $2 25 per day
Fare. $1. bach or board ¦ where ' they please.
All kinds of hotel and restaurant help, city.
Man to milk 16 cows and do ranch work, $25
and/ board: shoemaker, quick at repairs, $10
CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .....429 Bush' st.
; NEW . RAILROAD WORK
Free fare „ ...I Free fare
For Nevada ;........' Ship To-day
For Nevada ... .......... '. . .' Ship To-day
500 teamsters ............ .$2 to $2 25 a day
50<) laborer!* $2 a day
500 rockmen .................... $2 25 a day
500 concrete men $2 25 a day
.FOR CHATSWORTH PARK .......
................ Ship To-night
-500 tunnelmen. ; machine men, drillers, muck-
ers and outside laborers. . ..$1 75 to $3 a day
. ......: SHIP. TO-DAY, ..... .....
¦ Free fare . . . .' . ..;.'.... Free fare
I C. R. HANSEN & CO. r.... 429 Bush st.
PACIFIC ' Employment Agency, 638 Clay st
' , Phone Main 1101. -•-: . ¦¦
200 teamsters, concrete men, rock men,
steam shovel dumpers,' $2 25 to $2 60 day?
free 'fare, to ¦ all ' parts of Nevada and Salt
'Lake division, ship direct; fee $1; 150 railroad
men. S. P. Co. and Santa Fe .Free Fare
1 band sawyer .................... $3 50 day
• 1 bench hand ....'.........:.....'. ..$3 50 day
. 20 boys to learn trades ."."...
1 6 car builders ; ...."...... .....; ..$3 day
4 cabinet-makers :........ ......$3 day
Plenty of other positions. Inspect < our • bul-
¦ letins. '. ... - . ,- . ' ¦' ' .- ¦.-". ¦ .-.
ANDRE'S, 1 310 \ Stockton I st— Oysterman, $40;
• lunch . counter mart,- $40; . cook, - short orders;
saloon, $30 and found; dishwasher for springs.
-. $25;. waiter, ; country, $30; assistant cook for
family, must speak . French. $30; farmer and
- wife, - Alameda County, '$40; choreman, and
¦' . wife - as • chambermaid, ¦ etc.,- roadhouse, ¦ $50;
' '.'. young- man : to , do chores, private country
I '¦ place, $20; dishwasher,- plain hotel, $20. etc.
MAN and . wife ' for ; hotel in country ; \ good
. ¦ wages; 1 see - lady - here ¦ this morning. MISS
PLUNKETT. .425 Sutter st.,, near Powell. '
Man to cook on a ranch; $30 and found; see
lady here this morning. > MISS PLUNKETT.
• 425 Sutter st, near .Powell. •¦
MAN and wlf e - for > a - ranch ; good wages to
right, people;- see boss, here #at 10 a. m.' to-
day. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st, near
: ! Powell. '.'«} •¦'.:'• ' . '¦¦'..'.¦'¦.¦ ',-, .......
A— HOTEL GAZETTE; 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
i 2 DorterR. ' $20; bell boy, 7 $15; ' porter, $25;
,> head -waiter, $45. : ~.J ','
WANTE&-Man : who understands gardening
% and the' ' care of horses for private ; family;
must be sober and Industrious and a good
driver.' ; Apply^ to : C. ' C. ; BEMIS. 324 Mont-
-.' tomery st. - : ¦••¦•¦' -.¦•¦ •• ¦"¦'¦''¦ - !
EEST, proposition; 'ex-Industrial; Insurance and
. other good " agents : weekly ;, salary ; Al terri-
i tory. .,- Pacific •' Mutual : (Intermediate), 24 N.
?v Second st.,- San- Jose, a .. . -
WANTED — Restaurant cooks," ; waiters and
r kitchen • help ; no fee. • Apply : at ; 626 - Mont-'
st, room 1." . .-'.•' ,'\ v- * ' . .
BARBER » evenings; * < Saturday - and ! Sunday ;
-•steady Job. .'040. McAllister^ st '.'¦' .- .
BARBER "wanted; :, wholesale district; - steady
- Job. r Address [box: 840, 'Call office;, A - v - ;) —
. BUSINESS CHANCES-— Contlnqed.
A — GROCERY and bar; • north of Market st;
good trade; living-rooms, etc. • • • Butcher
chop in the Mission; horse and wagon; ice-
house, etc. ; price $850. • ¦ • • Coffee and
t lunch house In central location: owner wishes
f to leave city. • • • For particulars call
.' on JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
HAT and clothes .dye and cleaning works in
Sacramento; - lady could run; profitable busi-t
ness: owner must sell on account of living in
- San" Francisco. 755 Mission st: ¦ •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at' Call .branch office. U200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call ¦ advertisements and
subscriptions - has been established at 1090
Valencia et. ¦ " '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
Business is booming here,
we never advertise fakes.
Money to loan; low interest.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st. (upstairs).
I Office near Call building.
Our telephone— Black 1-8-0-3.
Correspondence solicited.
List your houses with us by telephone.
. All houses for sale on our Installment plan.
We furnish official abstracts and clear titles.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market et.
We have rooming-houses, all sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter .950
8 rooms; tunny flat: corner 200
11 rooms; downtown; good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
100 ROOMS: country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men.... ..6000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain. 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhousee, flats, 6 to 200 rooms.
EITEL _ CARROLL, 1032 Market st.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st— (Inc.). .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Lean Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON St. CO... -
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-houses,,
flats, all sizes and. prices; in all parts of city.
Money loaned. 1%'per cent •• ' ¦-. ; •
BARGAINS and many choice investments in
first-class lodging and boarding houses can
be secured at all times, and bona fide buyers
are welcome to inspection; kindly call at
office.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st. 6et 5th and 6th.
Phone Mint 191L •
85 ROOMS; rent $65: lease; good corner house;
tenants mostly workingmen; house clears
$125 a month; furniture mixed; house must
be sold on account of other business. For
particulars address box 1724, Call.
FOR lodging-houses — From $200 to $6000; bar-
gains; snaps, etc.; some cheap and good;
only honest trade. MciS^^JE & CO., 765
Market st . '
IF you want to sell or buy a rooming or apart-
ment house call on us; we can suit you.
TOMLINfON & CO.. 105 Ellis st. room 10
<Glaecow
NEWLY furnished paying house on Third st. ;
rent cheap. Inquire at 842 Howard st
— — — — — — — — — — —^— — — — — — •» ;
; ¦ . SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAT'S elate writing and test seance.
Sun., Wed. and Frl. nights; every one re-
celves test: 25c. Readings dally 1052 Ellis st
"C. V. MILLER holds a private seance to-
morrow night, 8 o'clock; only friends admit-
ted. 1084 Bush st; $1; Phone Larkin 4133.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance,' bus. medium;
life reader; medical clairvoyant; sittings $1;
letter $2. 1164 O'Farrell st: Ellis car.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best tests,
10c; trance readings. 50c. $1. 132 Sixth st
ETHEL CRIND1—5 — Materializing and vocal
seance Friday eve.; 50c. 325 Ellis st.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium; tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister — Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily: tent toall to-night: 10c
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— FROFESSO^^AUlTMSTINEli ~
The Great Reader of Human Destiny."
THE FIRST REGISTERED AS WELL AS
THE FIRST GRADUATE CLAIRVOYANT
AND PALMIST EVER IN SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
Extraordinary clairvoyant power, combined
¦with his superior knowledge of occult forces
and the science of palmistry, enables him to
read human destiny with unerring accuracy.
He advises you whether or not you will be
successful in mining, business, speculations,
investments, lawsuits, love, marriage, etc. He
tells you why you have poor health, poor luck,
unhappy homes, broken engagements; why
you are a failure in business, in love, mar-
riage, employment games of chance, etc. By
proper advice he reunites the separated, re-
stores lost affections, how to marry your
choice; makes you successful in your busi-
ness, gives you good luck, "teaches you to
locate hidden treasure and mines.- so that
success is sure." He has assisted thousands to
HEALTH. WEALTH and HAPPINESS who
had given up in despair. WHY NOT YOU?
Palmistry Taught, Medlumistlc Persons De-
veloped. 127— Ellis st— 127.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st, next Examiner ' bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented,, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
A — I£MAR,-the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist permanently located 1104 Market st,
cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mail as satisfactory as
in person: 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 50c— 50c— NO HIGHER.
This week only, advice on love, business af-
fairs; reunites the separated, causes speedy
marriage; names, dates, facts given; when others
fall call on world's greatest medium and palm-
ist Mme. J. Lyons, 1016 Market parlors 8-9.
MME. PORTER, -wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladies50c t
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A— MISS M. WILLE. 326 A* Ellis; clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a. m.to 8 p. m.
YOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true: send dime and birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS. P. O. box 2224. San Fran.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
et, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MME. RAVENNA' reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st
MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c ; G. 60c. C21% Eddy.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak — Circle Tuesdays _
Fridays, S p. m. ; Wed., 2 p. m. ; read, dally.
CARD reader and clairvoyant; 25c. 1601 Mis-
sion st.; hours 1 to 8.
MRS. HOUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings 50c. 704 Howard.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
PROF. DESTINE, the first registered life
reader ever In San Francisco. 127 Ellis st.
25c— SPECIAL, one week. PROF. MILES.
clairvoyant palmist . 1010 Mission, nr. Oth.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING ' AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing works. 353-357 "Tehama st; tel. South 40
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng.1213 Marketbet8th&ath;tel.Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
lei. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 2C3.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. ' H.
PTEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th «t ; tel. South 250.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
833 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone . East 126. .
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning works. 1512 Polk;
tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINERT. Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-clranlng and Reno-
vstlng Co.. 240 14th st; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES. .
GEORGE TV. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless ruccessful. Room 310. 927 Market Ft.
COTTAGES FOR SALE.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath, for sale; to be
moved from lot on Bteiner,' bet. Oak and
Fell. H. GEILFUSS & SON, 120 Fulton st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
corsct-maklng taught; patterns cut. -1019 Mkt
LATEST ctyle skirts $1; children's dresses a
specialty. 78 Rausch sty nr., 7th & Howard.
. HELP WANTED— MALE— -Con.
COOK for steamer $50. .and second cook $73;
2 second cooks, country. $30 and $40; cook
and wlfe.i hotel. : $80; night cook. $50: short
i order cook and waiter, $35 and found; hotel
and ' restaurant waiters, dishwashers ' and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacra-
mento st. . . '..''¦" .
1 GASMAKER for country. $85 7 and increase:
: stableman/private family. $55; driver for
milk wagon, $35 and found ; farmers, ?25
and $30, and ?1 25 day and board; milkers.
$^0 and $35 and found; ; teamsters; farmers
and wives $40. ~$45' end $50 and found; chore-
men, $10 and $15 and. found; 10 laborers for
mine, $2 day; drillers. $2 25 day. free fare:
75 laborers for mill and woods.>$2 "and $2 75
day, and $30 and $35 month and board; la-
borers for city, $2 day, and many others. ' J.
F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
BLACKSMITH for sawmill, $50 and found; 2
ranch blacksmiths; $40 and $50 and found; 3
blacksmiths' helpers, $1 25 day and board
and $2 day; carriage woodworker, $3 to $3 50
day; flour miller; $60 and -increase; donkey
: engineer for logging. $3. day; spooltender,
$2 50 day; 2 edgermen..$3 day; 6 carpenters,
city and. country. $.'{ 50 day; harness-maker;
carriage, painter,. $3 to $3 50 day; boy to
learn machinist trade; 2 machinists for coun-
try, $3 25 day; car repairers. $2 25 day;
bench hand. $3 day. and other mechanics. J.
F.; CROSETT & CO.. 62S Sacramento st
WANTED — To-day, steady, sober man for light
indoor business; must have $200 cash and be
satisfied with $75 to $100 month year around.
For particulars see STRAND. 1007% Market.
WANTED— Steady, trustworthy man zm part-
ner in restaurant with responsible man; daily
receipts $22 and over; $250 required. 1 P. S.
DE LUCA. SIS Kearny st. .
BARBER shop, S chairs, on prominent street;
neatly fitted; price . reasonable. STOLTZ,
723 Market st. «.'•-.
WANTED— A rood tailor for busheling. ,625
Commercial st. ...... . ¦
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day; percentage 75c on $1. 618 Broadway.
BOARDING-HOUSE waiter wanted. 2021 Fol-
aom st ' ¦ ¦¦-¦>--'...
FIRST-CLASS waiter wanted. 29 Stockton st
COOK for restaurant. . H. D. TREE, 3100 Ful-
ton st. - . . ¦ . -
COOK wanted; no Sunday work. 666 Fourth st
DISHWASHER wanted; no Sunday work. 666
Fourth st - - ' '
WANTED — Young man for light work around
dining-room. Restaurant. 206 McAllister st.
DISHWAPHER wanted at 1224 Point Lobca
. ave. ; $15 per month and found.
A GOOD second waiter wanted at the Park
Hotel, 26 Turk st. -
WANTED— Wagon blacksmith and helper. 537
Brannan st •
BOY wanted. 529 .Mission st.
PIANO player. Gaiety Saloon. 631 Pacific st
WANTED — Cleaner and dyer. T 1171 Howard st
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; ablebodied. unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
- further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellla st. San Francisco. -
WANTED— All-around printer: must be good
job and ad. man. rapid, willing and under-
stand presses and presswork. both cylinder
and platen: no boozer need apply. Address
W. J. HILL, Salinas, Cal., stating age, quali-
fications, etc.
BRICKLAYER to set up furnaces and ranges;
must be a clean, quick worker, sober and re-
liable and be willing to work at' shop work;
steady Job; fair wages. Box 833, Call office.
WANTED — Strictly ¦ sober.' reliable young man
with $125 cash; light contracting business:
no experience necessary; pays $70 month; 30
days' trial. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market St.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ,
MEN. to learn barber . trade; barbers in de-
*mand; only requires 8 weeks: tools donated;
catalogue- free. HOLER'S BARBER COL-
,LEGE. C35 Clay st
EXPERIENCED men's underwear salesman to
act as manager and .trim windows in this
city; reference. Box 821. Call o f flee. ¦
WANTED— Miners for Alaska: $8 a day and
board; must pay your own fare. Apply at
Golden Gate Mining Co.,, 425 Montgomery st
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale in San Jose.
Inquire of STOLTZ. .723 Market st, S. F..
or_140 Powell st.
COATMAKERS "and pantsmakers for country."
Apply REISSBROS.. 24 Sutter st. •;
WANTED — Salesman with experience in drug-
gists' sundry line. Address box 832. Call.
WANTED — Cabinet-makers. Home Manufac-
turlng Company. 556-558 Brannan st.
WANTED — Boy of " 16 or 17 years, residing
with parents. Box 1745, Call office.
ERRAND boy for drug store ;¦ give age and
residence. Box 1779. Call office.
YOUNG man wanted as collector; must have
good references. .Box 914, Call.
WANTED — Barber; young man. 1305 Park
St., Alameda, opposite Park Hotel. -
BARBERS — 3-chair shop; central; good trade-
. snap. -Box 819, Call:
BARBER shop for sale, with 2 living rooms;
rent $10. 921 Harrison st.
McDONALD & PERRY, new and second-hand
United States army shoes. 241 Third st • .
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
ALL Bizes, men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 663- Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
2000 PAIRS of new and second-hand shoes for
sale cheap. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED-r-Solicltor. Call at 1322 Pacific st,
between 8 and 19 a. m.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post G. A.R.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st. nr. 5th.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦, -. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1093
Valencia st. .
HORSES AND WAGONS.
FIRST, sale at Stewart's. Horse Market 721
Howard st. ; 60 head of gentle and thorough-
ly broken horses, from 1000 to 1700 pounds:
also 1 complete camping outfit; horses now on
exhibition; sale begins at 1 p. m. Monday
May 19, 1902; telephone Main 1150."
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and aad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come and
aee them at Occidental Horse Exchange 246
Third st. WM. G. LAYNQ. proprietor. '
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales e-iry Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
RACE horses — The famous Searchlight and
Grace Thoborn cheap. .Inquire ORMSBY
- 2G Montgomery st.
FOR sale. Santa Rosa Salesyard — Just arrived
•: several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1409 Market, ccr. 11th.
NEW ¦ 5-ton platform spring wagon. 4 feet 1
inch wide by 12 feet long; bargain.' HUNT
HATCH & CO.; Eleventh st. Oakland.
RUBBER-TIRE buggy, Surrey, boulevard and
pony cart; In good repair. O'BRIEN'S, Polk
st. and Golden Gate ave.
San Francisco Veterinary College — Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec. 610 Golden Gate av«.
FOR sale^ — Good business buggy at 1375 Eddy
- street. ' ¦ ' ¦ ¦ / ¦ - • ¦ ¦ ..
TEAM of big ranch horses. $100; young, gentle
- stud, will ride or drive. $50. 70 City Hall ave.
ALL' kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EQAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness, work. driving horses. 15th&Valencla.
AN Al express wagon; single; also light camp.
Ing wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission st
HOUSES ; .TO ',- LET, i
A— PRINTED list houses to let- send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six. rooms; 0 Ewer place, off Ma-
son, between Clay and Sacramento., Apply
10 Ewerplace. . ;« ;,.
HOUSE. 7 rooms . and bath. • 1403 Stelner st.
; near Elllis. - . '' * . ¦ ¦¦¦ i~x>:'\~~"
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.. J
FURNISHED, for not- less than one year, or
- will sell at a • sacrifice ;: modern house 12
rooms, bath: etc.. including 2 kitchens sult-
. able if desired for 2 families: fine order: large
garden: reasonable to reliable • parties. 120
, Liberty. sf. near Twenty-nrat and Guerrero.
ME.NLO . (Fair , Oaks)— New • cottage, 7 rooms,
bath; furnished, A. R. HARRISON,, 78 Geary <
' _H_flfl__&i@3_t_£_9H ~
INVESTMENTS.
SPLENDID Investment — Point Richmond land;
great bargain; small tract, heart of town,
suitable to cut into' lots. THE INVESTORS
AGENCY. 137 Montgomery st. S. F.
LOS T_^ X .?-- F - OUXP *
$£— REWARJD^$5T^~ ' • ?__"
Yawl boat. -painted green. John Twigg build-
er, stolen from schr. Alameda. lying at Goat
Island. May 5 or 6. Patent Brick Co., Berry
st. near Fifth. '. .
LOST— Gold plain locket: monogram L. N.;
liberal reward. A. HOFFMANN. 13 Third.
LOST— 1 diamond, 1 pearl set gold ling: le-
ward. Box 834. Call.
$5 REWARD— Small Yorkshire terrier: nam»
"Bobs." Return to 2101A Webster st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calif ornl*
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old gold
and stiver to make new watch cases. •
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st. f tel. Bush 421. _
Brass, iron beds: mattresses; pillows; window
shades. J. F. Hotter^Sl Mission :tel.Maln 730.
•• MEDICAL. '
A— DR. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist oh female complaints:
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected ; ' the unfortunate helped ; relief in all
cases taken; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstinats
cases; free, confidential advice on all subects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1013 Mkt. op. 8th.
MRS. D. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladles'
specialist; Instant relief guaranteed; home in ,
confinement; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 3. 1003 1-j '
, Market st. opp. Fifth and near Powell. J
MRS. D. WYETH— Well-known ladies' special-
ist: 30 years' experience: private home in
confinement. 728 Post St.. near Jones.
MRS. SWEET, 606 Guerrero, nr. ISth. a grad-
uate of Royal University, Berlin, has 25 yrs.'
experience in midwifery cases, takes ladles be-
fore and during confinement: best motherly
care; Infants adopted; confinements, $15; rm.
&board $5 week; all who are sick or in troub!a
consult me before going elsew're. TeL Blue411.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES and HINDOHERO
original method of treatment Moved from
122S to 1126 Market st . »
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital; home fcr infants free:
fea low. 906 Market st. opp. Emporium.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN. 1007^4 Market St. near Sixth.!
treats ladles only; relief in all cases taken.
LADIES— Kumrond is safe & sure; never falls;
price $2. Gleason's drug store.Clay & Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opposit*
Union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
TO LOAN. \
A — R- McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery «t. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest ratea.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. ?
i On second mortgages.
On third mortgages. -
On undivided Interests la real estate
On estates in probate. « < .
On legacies.
NO DELAT.
Telephone Main 5518.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room X
A — HERMAN MURPHY, 601-602 Examiner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates ,;
First and Second Mortgages -J
On Life Interests in Estates ..»A
Property Being Held in Trust
Undivided Interests in Real Estate.....
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probats.
Financial Problems of All Sorts and Sizes.
; IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5Vi and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland, Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terest* In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING. *
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first.
I second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MONEY to loan in sums to suit on real estate,
household furniture, etc.; at lowest rate of
interest: private and confidential. TOMLIN-
SON & CO.. 105 Ellis st. room 10 (Glasgow
block).
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant av».. near
-Gesxy-st; phone Red 1600. ••--.. w . j
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 18 Third.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages and on fur-
niture or pianos: no removal; any amount:
lowest rates. BECKER. 30 Geary St.. room 36.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates ; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate: private, confidential. ORMSBY.
26 Montgomery st., room 7. opp. Lick House.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos: no removal; low rates: conflden-
tlal. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market
6. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY — Loans to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg-.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick; .^
lowest Interest; easy terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68. * '
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private *
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big. ; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK. 116 McAllister st.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal.
Phone Black 1709. room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Mcney loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
INSTRyMENTS.
AS we ars ¦ closing out the Hallet & Davis
agency on account of the sale of that con-
cern to a cheap factory, we will sail new
Hallet _ Davis $350 styles for $165; 200
pianos, 20 different makes to select from;
eome special bargains:
1 Bourne ....- $47
1 Weber 63
1 Knabe 9S
1 Marshall 133
5 Smith & Barnes $135 to 240
2 Bteinway 26.1 to 3S3
3 Heine 233 to 383
2 Chlckerlns 195 to 28O
6 Organs ... 15 to 33
. Rents, $2: installments, $3. or your own
terms. HEINE PIANO CO.. Hetne Hall,
233-237 Geary st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
prepositions are offered in the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
' that we can not only duplicate them, but can
- offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
arsortment cf best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
- cor -Kearny and Sutter sts., S. F. ; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any tlma
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe. • at regular
price: costs you only 20c s day to buy 4
piano from us.. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 >
O'Farrell st; established 1850.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $53 up.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
. Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ %
SON. 1C to 20 O'Farrell. Chickertng Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
BARGAINS are only bargains when you ar«
enabled to get value received. You get mora
than that in every piano purchased from us.
We sell the Wlssner. Baumeister and Stod-
ard. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO..
760 Market st. .
SACRIFICE— Latest style upright, slightly
used. 16 McAllister st. near Jones.
$50— ROSEWOOD piano for sale- cost $400; on
$5 Installments. 1309 Gough. "near Geary. x
Sell privately, your own price, superb cabinet
grand upright piano; leaving city. 933 Post
YOU may want a piano for rent SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayea st
THE WILEY. B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st
Steck. Everett. Ludwig and other good pianos.
BEAUTIFUL upright Fischer piano: must b«
sold at once. Room 2. 237 Geary st.
A* FINE Steinway upright, left on sale; no
reasonable offer refused. 235-237 Geary st.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights,
dropped from catalogue.$25O. Bruenn.20SPost.
BYRON MAUZY. 30S-310-312 Post st; 8ohmer >
end other pianos and pipe organs. >
SUPERIOR violins, zithers.- old and new. H.
. MT'LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place-.
'A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.'
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
_9Rfetf_H__H__fl_F l f_H_^___i_gMgSK
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg. ; extractions done pal n-
• ' leBEly: teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 60
up: office hours. 9 a m. to 9 p. m.; Sunday*.
0 to 2. J.: W. THATCHER. D.D.S.. Manager.
EAS.Y Dental Parlors, 0 Turk st, cor. Mason-
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDEB-
SON. D.D.S., proprietor and manager.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings,. 6O0;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth ,st
PARIS Dental Parlors 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
' Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings. 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD, 14 Geary st.— Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER. 40 O'Farrell. late of . 6 Turk st—
Crown and bridge work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1811 Polk st. . '
EDUCATIONAL. '_¦_¦¦''-:
H_ALT?S I S^W3L^F^__{cTRic^L~ENGT
NEERING — Theory, ¦ demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and' shop work; 'thoroughly
practical; day and night 24 Post at.. S. F. ;
catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how dothey'all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Busl-
ness College, 1236 Market st
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best . combined short-
hand and commercial course to - be had any- -
where; indorsed by official court reporters. '
13S2 Market St. ' ¦ ¦-.¦:'
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES.. 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ADDRESS Ayers' Business College, 723 Mar-
ket st., for their new catalogue; it is . free
and the nicest in the State. • ¦ ¦
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1804. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and college graduates perfected.
TARR. expert accountant. 219 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
• sitions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
GOLDEN Gate Com'l College. 630 Golden Gate
ave.,-S. F. — Spring, summer term shorthand,
bookkpg., penmanship; poslt'n when qualified.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th;
Plttman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme..
Carusl. Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell st.
GIVEN free; mandolin, violin, guitar or banjo,
by taking 20 lessons. 50c lesson. 1484 Market.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, -writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mail or personally.
MISS M. Q. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 18<i3; new 80-page catalogue free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.^ ';
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert, reliable help. ,
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office— r
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce^ — Furnish most
reliable help.t 524 Bush st.; tel. Bush 616.
JAP reliable housecleanlng cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page; tel. Fell S501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay.
KF.LIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce: all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH lady wishes to work by day washing
and housecleaning; would like to take wash-
ing at home. Call or address 522 Eighth st.
DRESSMAKER and ladles' tailor by the day
or week. I Address 325 Tehama St., WAR-
WICK. .
CAPABLE woman wants- work by the day,
washing:, sweeping or window cleaning; ref- !
erencea. " Address J., 615 Larkin st.
WANTED — A situation by a first-class cook;
will do small washing; has best of references.
843 Franklin st, phone Red 2433, Oakland.
AN experienced American woman wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper • in rooming-house, or
'would take charge of linen room in hotel;
best references; no trlflers. MRS , WIL-
LIAMS. 11 Polk st. .
GERMAN lady desires position as lady's ma'.d,
nurse or stewardess on steamer or sailing- ves-
sel. Call afternoons or. address MRS. S.,90
Shipley st. -
RESPECTABLE lady, good cook, kind to chll-
dren^ wishes position as housekeeper or cook
for men. Call at 68 to 70 Ellis St., room 131,
between 1 and 4 d. m.
SWEDISH cook, with four .years' references,
wants a situation; is young, strong and will-
ing; wages not under $30. Call up Main 6472,
or write to MINNIE W., 425 Sutter sf -
YOUNG widow with 2 children as. housekeeper;
city or country.. 3056 Twenty-fourth . st. -.
MOTHER and daughter wish to take charge
, of a house during summer months; can give
» references. Address box 918. Call office. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. ¦
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 630 McAllister st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
CHEF cook, speaks French, German ' and Eng-
lish, first-class hotel and clubs' references,
wishes situation. ANDRE'S, 316 . Stockton.
A MAN and wife, private place or ranch; ref-
erences. , MRS. NORTON, 313 Sutter st. "
SITUATION wanted with some large concern
by expert mechanical draughtsman; 20 years'
experience in the East; designing, building
and perfecting machinery; in or out of city.
R. M., box 828, Call office. -
ALL-ROUND blacksmith and shoer wishes sit-
uation; reasonable wages; city or, country.
Address F. A. MUSSET., Elmhurst, Alameda
County, Cal.
FARMER and wife want positions of" trust
on ranch; thoroughly understand fruit and
grapes; good references. Box 841. Call.- ,
PLUMBER'S helper. 3% years' . experience;
good pipefitter; handy; can do Jobbing; small
wages. Box 1780. Call office. a .' ¦¦•¦•¦
WANTED—^-Situation by American ' man and
wife as cooks In mining camp; thoroughly re-
llahle. Box 839. Call office.;
GROCERY clerk with city experience wishes
position anywhere; wages, no object Ad-
dress H.. box 830, Call office.
BARKEEPER from East wishes situation;
temperate;, first-class mixer; club -or hotel
preferred. Box 1785, Call ' office. ¦.. ,..-'•
YOUNG man from the East, experienced in the
chemical line, also knows how to manufacture
liquid fruit essences 'and bon bon flavors,
wishes position; have fine 'formulas for mak-
. Ing essences and flavors. ESSENCES, 724
Mission st.
WANTED — Work as bookkeeper or assistant
cashier, clerk, business manager, ¦ expert ac-
countant or • otherwise : electric ' execution.
' strenuous, imperturbable, v N. R. G box
1011. Call office. . '
YOUNG man. has served in ; Russian . army, as
barber surgeon, wishes .position in doctor's
office; something new and more income.. 'Ap-
ply at once, J. E. AHLMAN, box : 1773, Call.
WANTED — Situation by young married man
as. watchman, night or day, drive 'delivery
wagon or general work in wholesale house;
good references. Box 928, Call office.
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position
in a law office; object to read ¦ law. •• Box
1774. Call office. .-¦..¦'
GOOD Japanese cook. wants a situation in fam-
ily; $7 to $S week. 1908 Polk st; tel. Sut-
.,-ter 2988. -¦,¦;¦ '¦,:¦•¦ ¦ .. . , : .
POSITION, wanted; experienced ' Eastern elec-
' trical engineer ¦ of • university -and technical
• education; good ref erences. • Box 9_.TCalI.'
TEMPERATE able-bodied , young man wishes
work in Alaska at mining. C. ;McGUFFIE
•836 Illinois st. ' •¦..- ¦ f -.-.• .
SITUATION as barkeeper by a young - man ;
city or. country. .;• Box 177C, Call' of flee.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received s t Call. branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006
Valencia «t: ' ¦ -' -¦. ¦-• ' :. < .- .- * : . • •
: EXCHANGE.
' FOR exchange — Handsome ' driving : cart, seat-
ing 4, for a gentle buggy horse.i Box 831, Call.'^Thomson & j Williams • petitioned the
Board J of Supervisors yesterday, for per
mission to take up, the bituminous'pave
ment on street, between vTwen.tleth
and\Twenty-flrst, In . front of the lot once
owned by ' Nathaniel : Curry,- because his
widow.'las. executrix of the estate, refuses
to ': pay for A the work.aMBflREftBBjbfe'- '
Would Take TJp the Pavemeat
-.From San Francisco-^-S. Caro, J. S. Har
lan ahd wife and J. Lyon, at the Herald
Square; O. E. Hunn, at the Morton; J.
Dietrich, at the Metropolitan; "J. R. Pea
cock, at the, Victoria; E. A. Saunders and
S. -J. Hendy, "at the : Imperial; Dr. W. T.
Terry, at -the New Amsterdam; Mrs. E.
Waterhouse arid MIsb'A. A. Waterhouse,
at the Mrs. H. : Ames and
Mrs.\ B.' B. Goodard, at the ; Kensington;
W.-S.Case and G: A. Lowthwaite/ at the
Broadway Central; G. E. Graham, : at the
Grand Union; William M-Chinnay,- atthe
Manhattan: H. C. Minton and wife, at the
Murray Hill; P. T. Morgan and wife and
F. E. Stewart, at the Netherlands; M. A
Scott, : at' the :• Cosmopolitan, , and B: F.
Taylor, at the Rossmore. '
From . Los Angeles—T. Elmore, at the
Grand;. D.-.R.-.Colmery and.W. B.. Noble
at -. the Mu rray Hill ; H. B. Gage, ' at the
Park Avenue, y^ ¦- -,f-'.:
From San Jose— G. M. Bowmann, at the
Manhattan ; R. F. MacLaren, at the Mur
ray Hill; Mrs. Coddington, at the Grand
Union. V ¦ ;. "., .
NEW YORK, May 15.— The following
Calif ornians are; in New York: ¦"¦_¦...
Calif omians in New York.
;.. / NEW WEST!
J B Gorman, Seattle
E W Ralndir, w - & <
- child.. Nev
J Moore,. WilHts.
H Wagner, Orland*.
Miss A Gowigs, Qrland
J Malloy, N Y f,
E E Beatty, 'Los Ang
J Laneronl, Vallejo.
P L Jones, Fresno
J Lewis, Angel Island
J Newcomb, Marysv j
N JEaches, Marysv
Mrs C V dimming &
d. Point Richmond
D Head. Wla ¦
JM Epsbus, NY
J . L Jones, Denlson
A Boob A w, Phila ;
A R Sutherland, Colo
C A Briggs, Seattle
G R Fuller, Seattle
E N Reeves, Iowa
J P Hutchens, Oakland
A Schlmdel, Eureka
F B Pearson, Auckland
S H Howe/Auckland
J Chambers, England
G Stunenberg, S D .
A McLachlan & w,
New Zealand ' - .
W P Brown. England
J J Peek, Melbourne
8 Malcomb, Melbourne
W M Wilson. Melbourne
W, Fehrer, Melbourne
HOTEL AROBTVAXS.
2RN HOTEL.
W H Tlsdell & w.
New Zealand
G Allmoody & w, Mich
M Soto & w, Auckland
W Seeman, Sydney
A Rieser, Auckland
P J Murtha, Auckland
J Chess, Detroit
J F O'Leary, Peoria
G W Condon & w, Cal
C E Pierson & fy,
Chicago
G W Signor, w, d &
nurse, St Louis
J Powers & w, Bkrsfld
F J Fry, w & a, Ohio
S Alesse, N Orleans
Misa T Shaddlnck, Cal
Mrs E Kendall. Fresno
C L Roth. Angel Is
G McMurray, Ontario
J Holden, Angel Island
J J Malloy, Angel Is
Miss L C Murray, On
tario -. .. • ¦.
Mrs E Sherman, On
tario
F Godfrey, S Bernardo
Mrs L Godfrey, Saji
Bernardino .
J Cobbledlck & w, Chle
H J Goodrich & w, Vt
Mrs A M Chllds. Iowa
Miss S Gordon, Iowa
J Q Reeves, Iowa
Same owner with A. W. Volkmann (con
tractor), architect same — Sewering, plumbing
and gasnttlng for same on same; $1120.
William Ede Company (owners) with L. B.
Sibley (contractor), architect William Curletfc—
Pumping, -excavating, grading and bulkhead
•work for building on SE line of Market street.
T5 NE of Ninth. NE CO. BE 165, SW 125, NW
75, NE.75, NW 20; $3500. ..
Edward J. LerBreton (owner) with Ferinell
Brothers (contractors), architect Oliver Everett
—All work except alterations to plumbing, gas
and water pipes for a., new sidewalk for the
California Hotel on intersection of W lln« of
Kearny street and NE line of Montgomery ave.
nuc; NW 100:8, N 26:5%, E 22:6. N 7:6, E
7:6. N7:6. E 40:1%. "B 125:7V,: $6786.
The Peutsche , Evangellsche Lutherische Ge
meindo der St. Markus Klrche of San Fran
cisco (owners) with Robert Trost (contractor),
architect Philipp Schwerdt — All ,work except
plumbing, - painting, electric work, mantels,
tiles 8nd gas fixtures for a three-story frame
building with basement (3 flats) on S line of
O'Farrell street. 112:0, W of Franklin, W 25
by S 137:6; $S650. .
- Same owner with G. Orsi (contractor), archi
tect none— Painting:, graining and. varnishing
for same on same; $1000. .
Same owner" with Martin ¦ Carrlch (contrac
tor), architect none-^ Plastering, lathing, etc.,
for same on samer $1168. •
John A. Liennon Towner) "Twith^ James "W.
Smith (contractor), architect . . : Carpenter
and mill work, lumber, stairs, tinning, hard-
and ' glazing for 2-story . frame building
(12 flats) on S line of. Hickory avenue, 137:0
W of Octavia street, W 137:6 by S 37:6, aleo
described «» lot on S line of Hickory avenue,
187:6 W of Octavia street, W 137:6 by 8 37:6;
$8545. . . •¦• . .
- Same owner with Alien' & Looney (contrac
tors), architect none — Plumbing and gasnttlng
for same on same; $2200.
Builders' Contracts.
.Anna M. Crosby to Charles C. Henry, lot on
S lln<? of Dwlght street, 50 E of Yale, E 70
by S 100, block 87, University Homestead; $10.
diaries C. apd Hattle Henry to J. A. and E.
J. McMlllen, same; $10. i >¦•:";.-;
Ida A. Lee to Joseph M. Strauss, lots 20 and
21. block 10, Sunny side; $10.
Jacob and Una Hey man to Ralph Thorbus,
lot on NW., corner of Forty-eighth avenue and
J street N 100 by W, 57:6; $10.
James L. and Emma E. gheaver to Max W,
Zuckerman, lot on W line of Eleventh avenue,
250 S of California street, S 25 by W 120; $10.
Antoine Borel to Manfred Brandenstein lot
on NW line of Mission 6treet, 45:10 SW of
Steuart. SW 45:10 by NW 100. quitclaim deed;
$5./ . ¦ - '. - -.-.'. - i
Patrick M. Partridge to. same, same; $10.
Frederick Runge to August and Catherine
Wepener, • lot on W line of Iowa street, 160 S
of Yolo. S 25 "by W 100. 13., block 325,
Garden City Hdmestead; $10. '
Same to same, lot on W line of Iowa street,
125 8 of Yolo, S 25 by W 100; $10.
:Margaret Coogan (widow) to the Gray Bros.
CruFhod Rock Company "(a -corporation), lot on
W lino of. Sansome street, ! B1:8 N of Green N
22:11 by W 91:8. quitclaim deed; $10.
Mary M. Moffatt to Marie C. Brown, lot on
W line, of Powell street, 112:6 S of Bush, a 23
by W 82:6; $10. . j - -
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Moses FtsS,
Dev^adero streets N <S2:3%. E 07. N 0:1 2-3 E
"¦S 28,^W 0:014. S 54:0, W 100:11%; lid.
S Marie C and George \y. Brown to Frank W
§rasS^S^^!lS 3treet - n:8 «
- Eliese Eisf elder (widow) to Minn* Simon
87:0 W of Devls&dero, W 55 l)y N 70-2- 810
Amelia Kaiser (wife of Henry) to Kate Laird
E l 2 5 n by. 'sairfsiifliS " - re^ 15 ° E ° f Baker:
i ?* Ird o Estate < a corporation) to Jbhn a. Kapp
lot on S line of Page street, 131:3 E of Mai
sonic, avenue. E 37:« by S 137:6; $10 %
Liizle and He"nry Bohls to John H. Brun
nlniTB, lot on N line of Fell street. 153:8 E of
Ashfcury. E 25 by N 137:0; *10. ' ¦* * °-
• BlUabeth , J. Barber to Mary E. Fitzhugh,
lot $n'S Uno of Pacific avenue, 32:6 E of Wal
nut. E 40 by S 127:8%; $10.
Chrietine V^or Christina V. Howkins to Em.
nia M. K. Fowle (wife of Edwin H.), lot on
I "rby's^oi-^TlO 61^ *** E S&5*
' Hudson and Clara I. 'Herbert. to Cnarlea H.
Abbott, lot on N line of Jackson street, 180 \V
of Maple, W CO, N 122, NE 50. S 12tt:ll; $10.
Dennis J." Sullivan to Josie H. Sullivan lot
on.S lln« of Fourteenth street, 155 W of Va
lencia. W 25 by S 130; gift.. ¦
Oscar Fosg to William Giselman (trustee),
lot on W line of Davis street. 39 N of Ora-
Bon, N 1-by W 45: $400.
THURSDAY, MAY 15
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
. Representative Metcalf to-day Intro
duced , a . bill to establish a national con
servatory „ of music - and • art, -with- four
equal departments located in Washington
New York, Chicago and San ' Francisco. '
The .following increases of salary of
California " Postmasters were announced
to-day: Fresno, from $2900 to 13000; Riv
erside, 52300 to *26CQ; San Diego, 12900 to
$3000; San Jacinto, $1200 to $1300; San Ra
fael, $2100 to $2800; Santa" Maria. $1400 to
$1500; Santa Rosa, $2400 to $2500; Red Bluff,
$2000 to $2100; Salinas, $2000 to $2100; San
ger, $1100 to $1200', San Leandro, $1500 to
$lG00; Santa Barbara, $2500 to $2600; Santo,
Paula, $1600 to $1700; Sausalito, $1400 to
$1000. .. : v '
These pensions were granted to-day:
California: Increase— Henry Westerneld,
Toluca, $8; Richard P. Cox, San Jose, $8;
Joseph A. Kramer, . San Francisco, $12;
Charles Kloboldt, dead, Fruitvale, $12;
Joseph P. Farmer, Salem, $8; William P.
McDermott, San ' Francisco, $12. Mexican
war— Henry St. John Hodges, ' Soldiers'
Home, Los Angeles, $12. Widows— Pacific
I. Knox, Santa Paula, $8; Selma Kioboldt,
Fruitvale. $8; . Adele Bragonier. San Di
ego, $12. ; : .
Oregon: Increase— Dlgleton • Jennings,'
North Yamhill, $10; Daniel. W. Brown,
Toledo, $8; Isaac J. Taylor, Cottage
Grove, $10; Jacob N. Falrchlld, dead,
Union, $12; Isaiah Tuff ord, Portland, $30.
Widow— Emma JL. -Lincoln, Baker City, $12.
W ashington : Original— Joseph A. Rob
inson, Seattle, $6. Increase— John Stoops,
Haynes, $12." -• ,• \ •
The leave of absence <. of Contract Sur
geon H. C. Moses of the Department of
California Is extended one month.' First
Lieutenant Henry S. Hathaway of the
signal corps is ordered from the Philip
pines to San Francisco. Captain Evan M.
Johnson Jr.. Nineteenth Infantry, is or
dered from SaultSte Marie, Mich., to San
Francisco for duty pending, the arrival of
his regiment there. := .- ¦
Postmasters commissioned: California-
George W: Gracy. Gracy. Oregon— Joseph
L. Hammersly. Gold Hill. Washington—
George H. Temple, Orient. • Appointed:
California— J. E. Adams, Coopergtown,
Stanislaus County, vice I* E, Adams, re
signed. Washington— A. A. Persinger,
East Spokane, Spokane County, vice J. H.
Harper, resigned; H. W. Roberts, Elber
ton, Whitman County, vice C. V. Roberts,
resigned; J. T. Billups, Winona, Whitman
County, vice C. E. 'Dunn, resigned.
Additional rural free delivery service
will :be. established July 1 at Fresno, Cal.,
with five carriers. The postofnee at
Kearney Park is* to be discontinued and
the mail will go to Fresno.
WASHINGTON, May 15.— Postoffice es
tablished: i Washington— Orient, Ferry
County. The summer postofnee at Rubi
con, El Dorado. County, .CaJ., will open
May 28.
inasters Are Increased and More
Hew Pensions Granted.'
Salaries of Several Calif oraiaPost-
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OE T" H PACEFIC COAST
The United States envoy was then pre
sented to the Princess of Aaturlaa (Prin
cess Charles of Bourbon City), the eldest
sister of the King, who said she remem
bered Dr. Curry and referred to oid asso
ciations. <. ' • "...,.
The Queen Regent Inquired , after Mrs.
Curry, who will be received by their Ma
jesties to-morrow. ' V
The Duke of Connaught, the special en
voy of King Edward; the Grand Duke
Vladlmar, the special representative of
the Czar; and other special envoys arrived
this afternoon.
The King and Queen Regent welcomed
the travelers at the palace and conducted
them to their apartments.
-The Queen Regent' listened to the ad
dress with an expression of keen pleasure
and then she recalled Dr. Curry's pre
vious stay as Minister of the United
States at Madrid and alluded with satis
faction to the pleasant relations which
then existed between the Minister, and the
court. - • ¦ ¦ • ¦'
After this Dr. Curry handed President
Roosevelt'B letter to the King, who
smiled and said in English:
I am glad, to see you. Tou were here when
I was born.
Dr. Curry was conveyed to the palace In
a royal landau, was accorded honors by
the guard drawn up In the courtyard and
was conducted to an ante-chamber, vrlrare
he tound'the other envoys waiting. Dr.
Curry and Simpkine. the secretary of the
special embassy of the United States,
were ushered into the royal reception hall
Immediately after the papal nuncio and
before all the other envoys.
The Queen Regent gave Dr. Curry an
extremely cordial welcome.
The United States envoy made a -short
address, the text of which had been sub
mitted to President Roosevelt before Dr.
Curry left Washington. He said: . .
The President of the United States gladly
avails himself of this method of showing the
friendly regard which he has for the Govern
ment and people of Spain. He la confident that
this mission will strengthen the cordial rela
tions now happily existing between the two
countries.' "-.;-¦• •' * . . •-"
Dr. Curry added, addressing the Queen
Regent:
I hope it will not be considered Improper to
say that by your personal and official conduct
your Majestv has bound the intelligent and
good of all other peoples with strong bonds of
admiration and regard. . .".-• '
MADRID. May 15.— The United States
special envoy to the coronation of King
Alfonso, Dr. J. L. M. Curry, presented
President Roosevelt's letter to his Ma
jesty this njornlns.. It was as follows:
Great and good friend: In the name and in
behalf of the Government and the people ol
the United States I desire to present their sin
cere felicitations on the occasion of your Ma
jesty's majority- and to assure you ot their
friendship and good wishes for the welfare of
your Majesty and your Majesty's people. J
trust your life will be long and happy and
that your reign will live in the affections of
your people and bless them with peace, pros
perity and happiness, and I pray God to h»v«
you in his holy keeping. Your good friend
I ¦ KOO&MVCiLl 1 •
American Representa
tive Presents Letter
of President. .
KING ALFONSO
GREETS ENVOYS
THE SAN FBAKCISCO CALL; FRIDAY; MAY 16, 1902.
13
SAN FRANCISCO Frauen Verein— To*, the Of-
ficers and Members :. o f the • San Francisco
Frauen Verein: You are hereby requested to
assemble at Druids' Hall, 413 Sutter street,
to-morrow (Saturday), at 12, o'clock, to at-
tend the- funeral of our' late member, Mrs.
Minnie Hansen. By order -.-.-.
MR* - a xt a MRS o L - GALL » President.
-MRS. A. MAAS, Secretary. . .-
- C7" ! Frtends' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sarvices
to-day. (Friday), > at 2:30 o'clock, at his late
residence.. 2S Bella .Vista avenue. East-Oakr
land, Cal. Interment Drlvate. t
VORRATH— In .this city. May; 14^ 1002, Carl
Christian Vorrath, : beloved husbariS'of Chris-
. tiana Vorrath; brother of Mrs. "Henrietta
; Witt, and -brother-in-law of Henry L. Sam-
t ml, a native of Germany, aged 73 years 7
I months and 8 days. A member of ' Yerba
Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F., and Cali-
fornia Stamtn No. .70, U. O. R. M. "
CTFriends and \ acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,- 2109 Taylor street, between Greenwich
and Lombard. Interment I, O. O. F. Cenw-
tery..- Please omit flowerB. ; « -- "
WHEELER— In this city. May 15. 1002, Mar-
tha .Whllemina Emma, beloved wife of M.
L. ; Wheeler, and mother of Lester Wheeler,
a native of, San Franelsco, aged 41 years. •
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 2 o clock> from her late residence, flS5
Harrison .street. Interment Mount Olivet
- Cemetery. • / •. , •% ¦ '
Smith, beloved mother of Mrs. f S. M. Barry,
Mrs. W. H. Eadon. Mrs. G. F. Gallagher
andA. F.," A.J., E.'H. and the late C. J.
Smith, a native of Limerick, Ireland, aged
71 : years. W '"-. ' ""' ;..•.. -: rr
. -. ETInterinent private. Please omit flow-
¦ era.... .-.; ¦• ¦-¦',.-¦ ¦.¦¦•¦ ¦¦
SULLIVAN— In- this city. May 15, ; 1902, Mary
Marcina, - beloved daughter of Thomas J. and
* Katie Sullivan, and dearly beloved sister of
James M.. Kittle and Lillian Sullivan, a na-
tive of San Francisco,' a*red 16 years. .
¦ CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SUNDERLAND— In Oakland, May ! 14, 1902,
, Clyde Herwood Sunderland, a native of Ot-
• • tumwa, Iowa, . aged 25 years 7 months and
- 14-days. ; ',_'¦¦ .-.-¦'. • ¦• . ; . : ¦.
REAL ESTATE— -CITY— FOR SALE.
51750 — 2-STORY frame storeroom and flat 9
rooms; corner; lot 25x100; Mission. ->
$2750— 6-room cottage, bath; high basement;
lot 25x100: back yard; Mission.
S3CC0 — 2-stcry frame, 11 rooms and bath; back
yard, barn; rent $25; corner; lot 30x100;
Mission.
$2000 Each. 5 5-room cottages, bath: back
yard; high basement: Potrero ave.
HEALY &. CARR Realty & Mining Co., 1
Phone James 4121. 713 Market st., room 406.'
"OCEAN VIEW" is booming; finest car service
in the world; every. 10 minutes. - ¦ -* ..
¦ You will never secure a suburban home in~
sight of "Olfi Ocean" as cheap' as now. , Cot-
stages and building lots at a bargain.
THISTLETOX. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocean View.
$2400 — LOOK at this; a genuine bargain; cot-
tage, 6 rooms and bath; street bl turn in' zed;
lot 31x100: sunny side; 2Cth St., between Va-
lencia and Guerrero; must be sold. J. F.
PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
BARGAIN — New 5-room house, all modern im-
provements; hich finished basement; on car
line; small amount cash, balance like rent.
Owner on premises. Chenery & Falrmount.
FOR sale — House and lot on Cole st., near
Page, fl rooms and bath. Inquire WAL. J.
TUSKA. Safe Deposit building. -
S-ROOM house end lot 25x100. $7000; desirable
location; Western Addition. Box 820. Call
R . E ALJBJSTA^E^^OUyTOY~Fof^Sal«
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
beet for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cctatl Co., S02 California St.. for
pamphlets and information.
UNHEARD-OF bargain; beautiful home In
choicest part of Santa Clara Co.; elegant
two-story house; large barn and outbuildings;
abundance of water; will give $1500 for this
year's crop. For full particulars address
box 917. Call office.
FARMS, ranches, city and suburban property
for sale and exchange; unimproved lands in
large and small tracts in Alameda, San Joa-
quin and other counties. Write for our print-
ed list. HEALEY & CARR, Realty and Mln-
ing Co.. 71S Market, r. 406; teL James 4121.
Eanta Clara Valley. San Jose and Peninsular
properties. See WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market. S. F.. & San J.
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber. mines. EMMONS St SON. Mills bldg.
SAX RAFAEL REAL E STATE.
FOR sale or lease, or will exchange for San
Francisco property, furnished residence. 703
Fifth ave.. -San Rafael; 9 rooms, bath, 4
eleeplng-rooras and servant's room- fine
grounds, fruits and flowers; stable. P.
TROY. 416 California St.. San Francisco.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA WED A REAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE and estate properties for sale.
See the Alameda Land Company.
$4500 — The cheapest piece of property ever
offered in Alameda; fine home. 8 rooms ami
bath; lot 62x150; bet. Chestnut and Morton-st.
6t*i!ons; a snap. ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park St.. Alameda.
$4500— OFFER wanted: bank foreclosure; must
be sold Immediately: splendid residence on
Ssn Antonio, near Union; rent $40- lot '42x
lr,0. EDWARD J. HOOPER. 26 Montgomery.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AXD BOARD.
EAST front bay-window; porcelain bath and
electric lights; suitable for couple; with
board. $5 per week. Box 4276, Call office,
Oakland.
BERKELE'r ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$500— $200 CASH. bal. $5 per month; 3 larpe
rooms; good well and pump on back porch:
patent closet; all sewered; lot all fenced; 3
short blocks to cars. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2100— $250 CASH, bal. $20 per month; 5 -beau-
tlful large rooms; lot 50x135; best street In
town; grand flower garden; 2 blocks to train.
_ W. C. MORAN & CO.
$1500 — 7-ROOM cottage; lot 50x140; on SO-foot
street: half block to cars; street sewered,
graded and macadamized. W. C. MORAN
& CO.
$2500 — NEW 8-room house, just completed; all
modern improvements; lot 50x140; never such
a bargain offered! In Berkeley; 1 block to
cars. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin station.
or C. C. EMSLIE, Ash by .station. Berkeley.
IT is very convenient to be able to *-et~hot
water without havlne to light a fire; It can
only be done with the aid of the "Sunshine
Water Heater."
1 will sell you a well-built 9-room hcuse.
with window shades, combination fixtures;
fine corner lot: and throw in a "Sunshine
Water Heater." all for $3500.
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley SU.
COTTAGE— S rooms, modern convenience bath
<tc; easy payments. MTODOCK. 514 Pine!
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — 5 acres. Rose ave. and High st..
Frttltvale. A. R. HARRISON. 78 Geary st.
HAYWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
HAYWARDS REAL ESTATE. -
8 ACRES, all out to full-bearingr fruit; good
house of 5 rooms and cellar; barn; chicken-
houses; fruit house; sulphur houses; 2 spring's
piped to house; barn and- yard; good well-
place paid last year 30 per cent on selling
price of $5000.
15 acres, all out fruit and vines; fine 6-
room cottage: high besemerft; fine large barn-
good well; price $6000. "
12% acres; about 5 acres in fruit; fine new
modern house of 6 rooms; chicken-houses-
brooder-house; good well; fine location: price
$5250.
2 acres; some fruit: house, 4 rooms; cis-
tern; barn; price $1200.
ZVs acres; all out to apricots, full bearing;
no other Improvements; price $900.
Apply to P. WILBERT. Haywards. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.,
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKL^^^FjmXITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good an* cheap this montnT^T
SCHELLHAAS. 408 Eleventh st. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEI'IXG.
ARIEL and solar flats, 525-631 Turk-^HoVand
cold water baths, elect- lc lights free; fur-
nUhed or unf ur. ; til. Et.st 312. Sutter 41.
BELL (The). 1773 Market— Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20.
CALIFORNIA. 3031 — 3 sunny rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping; no children.
EDDY, 519— Parlor suite] nicely furnished;
bath; range and running water; reasonable.
ELLIS, 538 — Sunny front basement floor, 3
rooms; also sunny front room for Ilghfr hskpg.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 3 and
bath, $20; alto 2. $15; 1. $8; single, $4J
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— $10: 3 Urge
sunny unfurnished rooms; nloe yard.
FOLSOM, 620— Large furnished rooms on first
floor; large grounds for families with children.
GOUGH, 115 — Handsome . sunny ¦»* bay-window
parlors, exclusive of kitchen, $18. *
GROVE. 708—3 sunny unfurnished rooms "for
housekeeping: bath and gas.
JESSIE. 333— Sunny back room, furnished for
housekeeping. $8; small room, $1 50 week.
LARKIN, 804 — Sunny front and back suites Tor
housekeeping, $19, $13; other rooms, $5, $8.
MINNA, 320— Sunny front , room and kitchen
furnished complete for housekeeping.
MINNA, 454B — i rooms . furnished for bouse-
kccplng; lower floor; separate entrance.
OAK. 117 — Large single room, $5; 2 suites, $14
and $8; all complete for housekeeping- gas;
i.inge.
OCTAVIA. 1403, corner Geary — Large i Bunny
-room; kitchen; sink; pantry; .gas- stove; bed-
room, $7.
SILVER. 1C5, near Fourth— 2 furnished room!
•for housekeeping; cheap.
TREMONT ave., 162 — I nicely furnished sunny
. rooms for housekeeping, with bath, piano
¦gas range;- lower floor; $25; references re-
qulred; no children. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 100U
Valencia at. - .,-• ,. _
ROOMS , TO LET— Furn. and Unf arn.
ARGYLJElloteir234 McAnisre^NewTeiegan't
eunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest grill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth — Rcoms.
'25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; opdi all night. v>/
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
¦ bands; 100 rooms newly renovated; 50c to
$1 60 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO.
(Successor to Flahnagan & Gallagher)-' '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN.' Mgr •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERa
20 Fifth at.,- oppouite . Lincoln School
.' Telephono South. 80. ".J^\
Ml. Olivet^ Cemetery,
.; NEAREST THE CITT. ' >
.Of f I ce, 916 Market Street.
-..-.:¦ . .; - Telephono . Bush 3C7.- *. ;.¦•;-
MISCELJLAXfcWS FO»j %A5JBL
BOILERS, eneines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN^
TOSH & WOLPMAN. ia5-l»7 Fremont st.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, cm-
g-ines, boilers, water pipe*, chaftine. pulleys,
etc WHITELAAV. 253-205 Spear Bt.
BAR fixtures: bie stock: installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. The
BrunEwick-Balke-Collender Co.. €52 Mission.
SEALSKIN, highest grade, same as now, cost
$200, will sell if taken at once for $100 cash:
bust 38. Box 1728, Call office.
KEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
MOCKING-BIRDS, puaranteed singers, and
Mexican pottery. 1614 Jones st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Monty'y.
ENGINES, boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery- J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. ¦ . .
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE eneines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 40 Fremont et.
SAFES — New arid second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento etr
FOR 6econ<J-hand machlnery.englnes and boilers
go to D.J.McMafiters.SE.cor.2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern eturines & boilers
bought, sold. Krosrh Mfg Co.. 819 Market et.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Po«t St.
MISCELLAXEOLS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats: also gents'
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
, Office. 25 Stockton Et.: phone Bush 484.
GOOD upripht piano, value $100; will exchange
desirable building lot on equity. ICIO14 Bush.
1. VILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
gend postal; will call. Bax 49C0. Call office.
TILTON wants pood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2S5L
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all sizes, any
rendition. Farng-worthElectrical\N r ks..41STurk.
manure axd . assaying.
PLACER claim, Siskivou Co.; $4 a day; price
glEO. O. G. BUTLER. Winchester Hotel. 3d st.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
ETORE with large basement, below Kearny:
alterations to suit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
PAI\TERS AXD DECORATORS.
FIRST-CLASS work; low rates; get figures. jT
C. ROMAIXE. 640 G. G. ave. ; tel. Polk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
miET^rTr^CE^R^AARD^reads ftcT^ 700
Post st., corner of Jones; phon<# Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Tsylcr et.. bet. Geary and Postitel. Black 56L
PERSONALS.
WANTED — Information concerning the pres-
ent whereabouts of PIERCE POWER, who
left Boston some time about 1S55 or 1860 for
California, and engaged, it is supposed. In
the fruit growing business. He would now
be about 60 years old. Kindly send informa-
tion to Advertising Department of The Call,
San Francisco. Cal.
VIA VI has been manufactured for over fifteen
years; it cured hundreas of ailing women in
its first year and has cured thousands of suf-
ferere every year sir.ee; booklet for mothers
and daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co.,
23C4-6-8 Van Ness ave. ; phone East 282, San
Francisco.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
eC pants free of charge; other euits on install-
ment*. $1 weekly. L. LEMOE, 1117 Market
Et.. between Seventh and Eighth. -
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE— Complete outfit
$1 week; ladies' tailor made suits, skirts,
ehirfvraiEts, trimmed hats; gents* and boys'
suits, overcoats. Jiats: call, open account at
our new etore. C F. ADAMS CO., 31S Mason.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market: 700 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 SO to (6 per week;
tree 'bus and baggage to and from the terry.
EVERYBODY admires my switches and my
first-class bair work; halrdresslng. 25c;
thampooing, 50c G. LEDERER, 123 Stock-
ten St.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN 43
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; Jl each;
""' es white Fhirts; selection 300 patterns.
ENGINEERS and railroad men can find C«r-
hsrtt's union-made oreraJls at StTMilBR-
FIELP & RQMAJCS. yifth ml Marlcet sts.
BASEBAX.L Schedule Memorandum, Vol. 2.
history greatest game ever played; 10c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH, 307 Sansome St.. S?F.
JCOW ready— June styles Standard Patterns;
all the newest designs for summer goods. J.
W~. EVANS. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
AT less than cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
tailor. 721 Market st.
MONEY loaned at low Interest; rold. ellver.
dlamonfis. pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth St.
LIQUOR habit — A new, cafe and sure cure can
be given without knowledge of patient. Ad-
dress P. Q. box 552, San Jose. Cal.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or docble. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A — $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st-. near Pine.
FINE SUITS, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A — If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
DT.G.S.Moore,S32 O'FarreU;send for circular.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 60; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
6CPESFX.UOUS hair and moles destroyed with
?iectrie needle. MISS" EATON, 1119 Sutter St.
ELECTRIC needle specialist: superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mre.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; teL West 253.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, tbeat-
rlcal costtmer. 26 OTarrell ;. country orders.
Electric & electric-light baths, massage, hot air
treatsient for rheuniatlsm.etc. 233 Geary, r.27.
EUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric nee<lle.Dr.&Mrs.Travers«.117O Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; 51; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs*
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR LAUOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
beet corn cure. 25c; all druggists. »-
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing; $1 per year.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEOXS.
EUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured:
no operation: no detention frcm business; all
private -diseases treated successfully: consul-
tatlon free. Pru. Forden & Porterfleld. 6 Turk.
DR. C. C- O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
PROPOSALS.
OFFICE of C. Q.. M., Vancouver Barracks.
Wash.. May 12. l»02 — Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11 a.
tn.. May 26. 1002. for furnishing such quan-
tity of bituminous coal as may.be required
from time to time during nscalVyear com-
mencing July 1, 1802. for supply to vessels
pertaining to the Quartermaster's Depart-
ment at Portland, Oregon. Information fur-
rished here or at Depot Quartermaster's Of-
ficu. Portland. Oregon. U. S. reserves right
to reject or accept any or all proposals or
eny part thrrcof. Envelopes containing pro-
1>op?.1e should be marked: "Proposals for
C Q *M ~'" addreES * a J - w - Jacobs.
SPECIAL XOTICB3.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
™ y ?^ C ?r Untry - PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41.> Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. SSSO.
_?TiS^i5^*.5_WAREHOUSES.
FIERCC-RODOLPH Storage & Mot^nTcoToTl
fice Post and Powell 8 ts.; tel. Prly. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made. 840
Mission gt.; tel. Howard S41. F. W. Zehfuss:
££&£%£ , Va , n cf n n<1 5^°"" Co.. 630 Market St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storagre and Furniture Moving Com-
Tvr.y. 2r.2(i Fillmore tt. : phor.e Jacksoff 2SL
tJEJl'^GJttAjCHIIVES _A2VD S CPPLIES.
ACL kinds bought, sold. r«nteX^xchang'ed~re^
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th!
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing-
lowest rates; phone Howard *;2fl4. 145 Sixth!
TO LEASE. J. ~~~
IO LEASE — Kenllworth Inn; romantically «lt-
uated in Mill. Valley; 50 minutes', ride from
San Francisco; completely furnished; In good
condition; 40 rooms; steam and hot water
baths; electric lights; heaters throughout;
elevators, etc.: rent low. Apply MADISON
& BUF.KE. 30 Montgomery «t.. or ROBERTS
Real Estate Agent. Mill - Valley. - Cal.
/
2JV'-: JAMBS ¦ McGINN,:..^ '
Formerly wl t h McGinn ' Bros. , has > opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy .'St., ; bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 578.-^
UNITED UNDERTAKERS
Z7 »nit *9 Fifth St. Tel. South tvr
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EM&ALMERS.
KEW FIRM % OFU UNDERTAKERS.
. .'Samuel McFadden. . 18 years ¦ manager for
the United Undertakers'; Association; M. J
McBrearty, with the same company for 10
years ; • P. . F. Green, lats with J. C. - O* Con-
nor & . Co., : have - opened new Funeral Par-:
lors atr 1171' Mission'. st..- between Seventh
and Eltchth. Telephone South 44. ;> ¦ .^
ROOMS* TX) LET—Purn. and Uninrn.
i A— EDINBURGH, 239 Powell, corner Geary—
Sunny rms.; single, double; mod. conven'ces.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
¦ week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
; BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1304)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 16101,5 — Elegantly furnished rooms, $7
\ and $9; use of gas, phone, bath, kitchen.
. CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis,' con • Mason— Elegantly
, furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
. $10—3 ROOMS and yard;- "225 and 225% Eighth
5 st., near Howard.' r ''••">" ¦¦•"¦• *\ ¦>•.-•.'¦
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn., rooms, .35c.
$1 CO night; $1 50. $«* week; open all night.
- FOLSOM, S10 — 5 rooms and bath; new; reno-
; vated.
GEARY, 105 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
| LARKIN. 707, near Ellis^— Newly furnished
¦ front room; rent only SO; in small flat.
MARKET. 1344 — An elegant suite of sunny
rcoms. suitable for doctor. The above house
has changed hands. -. . ¦ ...
• MASON, 219-rElegantly furnished ; rooms;
- suites and single. .; . '. ,- ¦*"-,'.'
NATOMA, 282, near Fourth — 2 unfurnished
rooms; water, sink and closets; rent- $6.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
ROYAL House. 12C Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room, and ladles' par-
lor: rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot ana cold- water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
CLASSIFIED advertisements) and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1006 Va-
lencla st. _^
ROOMS AND BOARD.
CORBIN, The, S36 Sutter st., corner Leaven- ;
worth— Nicely furnished rooms; single and ,
suits; all sur.ny; table first class. : " '\; ¦-
SCOTT. 1C01. corner Post — Large sunny rooms
with board; table first-class; telephone, bll-
llard table, all the comforts -ef a home/
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevehson Mansion)— Select j
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
IRVINGDALE, 626 Eddy— Sunny rooms, en
suite or single; good table ;. reasonable. ;-
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
THE HEATH, 312 Eddy st.. Is now under the
management of MRS. M. E. WILLIAMSON.
VAN NESS. 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year . for $1,
postage paid. - - ¦. .
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED — By man and wife, furnished suite,
sitting-room, bedroom and bath, with best
board; private family; Western Addition or
other equally desirable part of the city; ref-
erences required and given. Box 1783, Call.
WANTED — A home in a private Jewish family
for 2 girls 14 and 6 years for 3 months;
state number in your family. Box 838, Call.
BY a gentleman, board and room; private. Ad-
dress box 1778. Call ofnee.
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— A nice sunny front bedroom and
small bedroom in the Mission district. State
terms and location to J. J. H.. 46 Steuart st.
2 UNFUR. rms.. Bush, bet. Hyde and Powell;
2 gentlemen; 6tate price. W. S., bog 823. Call.
AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITraRS^We
tell better machines for less money than any.
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 530 California; telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 2U9 Sansome.
TYPEW H ITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting, 4c folio; copies. 2c; mlm-
eographlug. 927 Markt/rm. 305; Howard 1539.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . • • <..
Robert L. Lawless, 20. Newman, and Ida V.
Goodwin, 28, 1893 Howard street. -t .
Albert L. Malone, 29, city, and Mary K.
Herzogr £5.' city.- — <*¦ * »---.«--.. -*w- — .4 *_x ¦
John J. - KlnR-well, 22, 605 Folsom street, and
Katharine Gibbon. 22, 2112 California street.
Blaglo M. Ralmondi, 25, 404 Green street,
and Maria Fazio, 17, 1217 M Kearny street. -
Closes M. Drew, 65, Sacramento, and Hattle
E. Moody, S3, Sacramento.
Charles F. Butter, 21, 555 Ellis street, and
Alberta G. Smith, 17, 555 Ellis street. . "
Rowland D. Laws, 23. Richmond, Ind.. and
Celestine M. Gatto. 18, 2738 California street.
James H. Watson, 22, 831% Filbert street,
and Jennie S. Donovan. 10, U31H Filbert st.
v John D. Hansen, 21, Oakland, and Ida Lind-
berg, 21, Oakland.
John F. Duetsch, 34, 28 Joice street, and
Gretchen Gernnes,.25, 219 Clinton Park.
Melvin N. Laurence, 27, city, and Alice E.
Brown, 23, city. -
BIRTHS— MABRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-"
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN. — ;
BINNARD— In this city. May 15, 1902, to the
wife of I. Blnnard, a daughter.
CANNON— In this city, April 21, 1902, to the
wife of E. B. Cannon, a daughter.
GORMAN— In this city, May 9, 1802, to the
wife of C. O. Gorman,. a son. •
GRAVEJ3 — In Alameda, May 15, 1902 to the
wife of Frank B. Graves, a son.
JONES— In this city, May 11, 1002, to the
wife of Charles Edward Jones (nee Llnder)
a son.
JOHNSON— In this city, May 8, 1902, to the
wife of Ira S. Johnson, a daughter/
LAUFFER — In Lorin, May 12, 1902* to tha
wife of Charles Lauffer, a son..
MACKEY— In this city. May 14, 1902, to the
wife of J. J. Mackey (formerly Nellie K
Fuiw?e), a son. . * -
MOON— In thl3 city, May 15, 1902, to the wife
of Milton W. Moon, a daughter
VON STADEN-In. this city. April 26. 1902,
to the wife of William A. von Staden a
daughter.. • ¦ •
MARRIED.
HANSEN— LINDBERG— In this city. May IB.
1W2, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander. pastor of
£ h \. F A rst EnB " sh Lutheran Church. John
. Dahl Hansen and Ida Llndberg, both of Oak-
. land, Cal. .
IZZARD— ANDERSON— In this city. May 14.
1902 by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander/ pastor of
the First English Lutheran Church. John
Iszard of San Mateo. Cal., and Augusta An-
derson of San Francisco. ¦ ••"»«* "¦"¦
WHITEHEAD— WOOSTER— In Elmhurst. at
the Presbyterian Church parsonage Mav ia
' &Kv"i y ?* f^' E " E - C l ark ' Hfnry olorge
Whitehead of Amador City,. Cal., and Do™
Sherwood Wooster of Bowman. Cal.
" PIED. ~~^ *
Ames, George D. , Le Blanc, J. B
Bost, Jacob : •. Leland, Henry CT
Burtchaell, Henrietta Loughran, Thomas
Carrel. D. W. McCarty. William
Clark, Carrie McSherry, . Robert C.
Clewe, Frederick Murray. Daniel
Coblentz, Gustave Oellrlch, Frederick
Fitzpatrick, John J. Pidgeon, Patrick G
Flynn, Margaret C. Robinson, John A "
Franklin, Joseph ' Rogers, - George 13
Freeman, Susan H. Smith, Mrs Alice E
Gaffke, Ferdinand Sullivan, Mary M, "
1 Gregory. Etta P. Sunderland, Clyde
Jacoby, Isaac N. Vorrath, Carl C
Kane.- Ann M. . Wheeler. Martha' W
Larsen, Christina -
AMES— In this city. May. 14. .1902, Georee D
Amea,. eon of George I). Ames and Mrs.- v!
' L. WlEtdn, a native of California, aged 24
years and <J months. • ,
BOST— In this city. May 14, 1902, Jacob Best
beloved husband of the late Franqes Boat!
¦end father of Mrs. Mary Garner, John M
Bost, Mrs. Ella Surgruy, Mrs. Rosa Surguv
and W. C. Bost, a native of North . Carolina
. aged>T years 7 months and 4 days. . - '
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the : funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Charles H. J. Truman & Co., 1UU0
Mission Rtreet. between Fifteenth and Six-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
' by carriage.
BURTCHAELL^-In Oakland, May 15, 1902, at
1821 Myrtle street, Henrietta Burtchaell
' wife of G. -Clifford Burtchaell, ' daughter of
Elizabeth Alford, and sister of . Mrs. W.
Cowles, • Mrs. • Charles - Hester -of g Denver'
•Colo., Mr. Jamep S. Ward, of Napa,'Mrs. E
IL Boyce. Mrs. V. Rehm , of Bissell, | Wash.'
and Hattie and Jessie Ward of Santa Rosa,
a native of California, aged 20 years I*
. months and 14 days. ;.-..• .-. -„ ; ¦
CARREL— Near Ban Jose, May 15, 1902, D. W
Carrel, beloved husband \of Mrs.' L. Carrel'
and father of the late J. : C. Carrel .¦> and
Frank, Albert, Andy : and A. M. Carrel, Mrs
I. -Gould and. Mrs. Rockford: . - i ' ¦ ¦• ¦
lC7"Interment at 10 o'clock. May 17,' at San
Jose. ..,;¦¦ -.- - - ••..-¦
CLARK— In this city, May 14,. 1902, . Carrie,
beloved wife -of- Brcndon Clark, • daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. Henry L. Fink, sister of Mrs.
'• Fred Rebaut and - Ernestine, Julius ¦¦ and
Henry Fink, and niece of 'Julius Fink, a na- I
. .. \'. -..',¦¦ ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
99999999999999999999999999%99999999999999999O
i ___ WjjMzM I
t^-^isBS^- "¦ 1
2 to 1 2
I Wearer >^&; EE. iw/ ?*¦ PriceSl 1
• 6 SPECIALS FOR FRIDAY AND SATURDAY. I
S $20j0aWaIkmg Suits, Special Price $15.00. ; |
O . Tans, Blues and Grays.. 5
• $ 10.00 Kersey jackets, Special Price $6.00. • •
2 ! Satin-lined throughout. .. ..\i ,, : g
• $ \ 8.50 Tailor Suits, Special Price $13.50. g
2 Made of all-wool Venetian cloth In Tan,.Bluo, Oxblood, Gray and Black. S
• silk lined Jacket, double flounce Skirt. . t J
• $ \ 5.00 Dress Skirts, Special Price $10.00. g
• - Black Cheviots, graduated flounce, trimmed with 5 rows of 3-inch Molr^ q
S $25. d 00 Black Eton Suits, Special Price $17.50. |
® Jacket silk lined— peau de sole dron skirt. - g
© $15.00 Eton Jackets, Special Price $10.00. g
2 Sailor collar, with lac© applique ever satin. **
.ttve of New York, aged 24, years "11 months
and 14 days. (New York . and New Jersey
¦ ¦ papers please : copy.)"*. : \.' : .,, "... *:.
¦ [CThe . funeral will , take ; place to-day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from her lata resK
dence, 627 Hayes street. ¦ thence, to Cypress
Lawn' Cemetery, via 11:30 o'clock train from
Twenty-fifth and Valencia. streets, j ;. ,, ':s:.,
CLEWE— In Sonoma, May 15, 1002, . Frederick;
.beloved husband of Marie Clewe, and. father
of William, 'Frldo.Dorld/Erneet,- Helene and
Marie Clewe, a native of Germany, ascil (i5
¦' years."- ¦ ' ••.-.-.••¦ • •• -• ¦•¦> -, ; -. s . : - .
¦¦¦gy Friends and acquaintances are ' respect-"
. fully Invited to attend . the I cremation at 10
o'clock, %Saturday,. i May; 17; at Odd Fellows'.
Cemetery, San v Franclsco. ,-.,• , -¦- * ,"
COBLBNTZ— In this city.' May 14, . 1002. Gus-.
tave Coblentz," relict of the:late;Melanle Cob-
lentz,/ father of f Mrs. • Max Frankenau ,-and
Jules- and Georse Coblentz, - and -brother- of
¦ David, Felix and Sam Coblentz, a native of
LIxheim, Lorraine, aged' 65 years 4 month*
. and 12 days. / ' ¦ .
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances and mem-
bers of Bay City" Lodge No. 71, I. O. O: F..
and Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O." U. W.; are
respectfully Invited . to attend the ¦ funeral
Friday, at 9:45 o'clock, from \ the residence
of his . brother, . 122 Broderick street, j corner
of Paare. Interment Home .of . Peace ' Ceme-
tery,' by 11:30 o'clock-train ifrom Third and
' Townsend streets. ¦ -•• " "' ¦:-• ¦ ¦ •.-..>
CONGREGATION, Ohabal . Shalomef^Ofncers
and members are 'respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral of our late = member, :: Gus-
tave '. Coblentz. to-day. ' (Friday), :: at .9:45
o'clock; •• from the . residence pf his ¦ brother, •
• 122 Broderick street, corner of Page. -By
order of ' -MAURICE KAHN, President ';.
¦ M. L. STERN. Secretary. ; - . >
FITZPATRICK— In this . c^ity, May > 15, 1002,
John J., -beloved father of John, . Nellie and
Alice Fitzpatrick, a native of London, Eng-
land, aeed 52 years. * .
EyRemains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission* street., Notice -of
funeral hereafter. ¦ ..... .¦,. ".
FLYNN— In Oakland, May 15, 1902, Margaret
C., beloved daughter ot Michael and Annie
Flynn, and sister of John L.. Mary H.,
Anila H... Francis M. and Lorretta J. Flynn,
a native of Oakland, aged » : years and i 6
months. -. ¦ ¦¦ < - . . ;
¦ C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend; the funeral Saturday,
May 17, at 9:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 561 Fifth street, thence to the
Church of. the Immaculate Conception. . In-
terment St, Mary's Cemetery, . Oakland. :
FRANKLIN—In this city. May 15, ( 1902. Jo-
seph • Franklin, beloved husband, of. Annie
j Franklin, and father of Mrs. > Max Salomon,
Mrs." Jules Aron, Dr. Milton W.I Franklin
and Dr. Walter S. Franklin, a native, of
Prussia, aged 03 years' 3 months and 7 days.
IEF" Please omit flowers. Notice of funeral
hereafter. Remains at tbe funeral parlors
Pf Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mis^
eion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
FREEMAN— In this city. May 14, 1902, Susan
H. Freeman, beloved mother of Edwin W.
Spence, a native of England, aged 60 years 7
months and 4 days. . , -. . . .
liyThe funeral i will take place to-day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Porter & White, 122 Eddy street, interment
private. Mount Olivet Cemetery.
GAFFKE— In this city, . May 15, 1902, • Ferdi-
nand, eldest and dearly beloved. Bon- of Eliza-
beth Gaftke, and brother of Georg« and Ame-
lia Gaffke. a native of San Francisco, aged
13 years 3 months and D-days.-
GREGORY— In Vallejo. May 14, • 1902, Etta
Pollard Greeory. wife of William H. Greg-
ory,, and daughter of Mrs. Nettie Laymance,
a native of San Francisco. " . .• ¦ ¦ • !y ¦ ;
JACOBY— In this city,' May 14, 1902, Isaac N;,
beloved' husband of Mathilda i Jacoby, and
father of.MrB. Hugo Abrahamson of Oak-
land and Pbil J. and Sam Jacoby of San
Francisco, ? a native of Germany, aged 65
years. (Los Angeles papers please copy.)
(C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attena the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, at his late
residence, 900 O'Farrell -street. ' Interment
Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland,, by 11
o'clock boat. It is particularly requested to
omit, flowers. ' . • ' '-. - ;
OFFICERS "and, members of the First- Hebrew
Benevolent.. Society: You are ' respectfully
requested to attend the funeral of pur late
member. I, N. Jacoby, from his "late resi-
dence, 900 O'Farrell street, at 10:15 o'clock
this morning. S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
KANE— In this city. May 14; 19Q2, Ann. M..
beloved wife of James Kane, and, devoted
mother of John, James and.. Thomas Kane
and Mro. C. F. Dunn, a native of County
Longford, Ireland, axed CO years.
(ETFriends and acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1600 Church street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her. soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment -Holy
Cross Cemetery. ......
LARSEN— In this 'City, May 14, 1902. Chris-
tina Laraen, a native of Norway, aged 75
years 5 months and 24 days. . t. ¦ . ¦
G^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at Our Sa-
vior's Scandinavian Evangelical - Lutheran
. Church, Howard street, near Twelfth. . In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains at
the parlors of the California Undertaking
Company, 4Q5 Powell street.' near Post.
LE BLANC— In this city. May 14, 1002, J. B.
' L«J-Hlaniva native of-Canada, aged. b« years.
CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), ! from the Chapel of the Passion,
attached -to St. Mary's- -Hospital,- where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul,, commencing at 8:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Remains at the Darlora of McAvoy & Co.,
1239 Market street, between Eighth and
Ninth. - ¦ ' .; - ..¦¦¦;,.
LELAND— In . this city, May 15, 1902, Henry
Chapin, beloved husband of Alicia Leland,
and father of W. H. and C. :C. Leland and
Mrs. S. J. Swartael, a native of New Hamp-
shire, aged 09- years 9 months and 6 days.
LOUGHRAN— In this city, May 14, 1902,
Thomas, beloved ,- husband of Lizzte Lourh-
ran, and father of Lillle, . Harry, Thomas,
Eva, Ella and Willie Loughran and Mrs.
Stephen Fay. a native of -County .Tyrone,
Ireland, aged 61 years and 2$ days. - ¦'
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:80 o'clock, from his late
residence, 919 Bryant street, thence to St.
Joseuh's Church, where a solemn ! requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 • o'clock. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . , .- '. ¦ ¦- ¦ ;
McCARTY— In this city,- May 14, 1002, Wil-
liam, belove'd husband of Mary McCarty,' and
-father. of William Jr., Joseph W., Eugene G.
and: Jennie McCarty and Mrs. Annie J. Gra-
ham, a native of County Down, Ireland,
ased 66 years. . . ; . ¦ • , .-...¦
• icy The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday),- at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. - - ¦
McSHERRY— In Hot Sprlnga, Ark.. May 10,
1902, Robert C, beloved son pf Mary A. and
the late John McSherry, and brother of
Philip, Patrick, John, James, Cecelia, Katie
and the late Hugh McSherry, Mrs. Zabala
and Mrs. Dlllion, a native of County Monag-
han, Ireland, aged 20 years and 3 months.* -
CTNotice of funeral when remains arrive.
MURRAY — In this city, May 14; 1902, Daniel,
beloved son of the late John and < Ellen Mur-
ray, and brother of Mrs. James I, Whearty,
. Mrs. William Brulce and. John B. Murray, a
native of San Franciaco, aged 2G years and
8 months. . . -. .•• ¦ - .- ¦ ; -.
OELLRICH— In this city, May 15, 1902, at. his
residence, ¦ 17 Beideman street, Frederick J.
Oellrich, dearly beloved aon of William and
¦ Catherine Oellrich, ¦ and brother of William,
Alvina, Eda and Otto Oellrlch, a native of
San Francisco, aged 23 years 7 months and-
23 days. '..<¦&
pyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from Native Sons'
Hall, 414 Mason street, -where the services
will be held, under the auspices of -El Dorado
Parlor No. 52, N. 8. G. W. -Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. -~ .; . ..
PIDGEON — In this city, May 15, 1902, at the
residence, 1011 A Shotwell street, Patrick G
beloved - husband of Marie Pidgeon ami
father of William, Joseph, Edward, Arthur
and Estella Pldeeon : and Mrs. Mary Hogan
a native of County Westmeath, Ireland aged
64 years 2 months and 3 days. ¦¦-. ¦•
. JCTNptlce of funeral hereafter.
ROBINSON— In Oakland, May 14, 1902 John
Andrew, husband of Sarah Robinson and
father of Mrs. B. H. Jackson of Palo Altn
and Edith M., MabelF.; Sarah A.; J A Jr
and'J.-.Ht Robinson, a native of Ohio akefi
63 years. . . . . ' ,
BOGERS-^-In New York ' City,' May 14 IJJ02
• George . E. ' Rogers, brother of Mrs *H a
Stevens of Palo Alto, Mrs. M. R, ¦ Morgan ' of
San Francisco and Ford ; H. Rogers of'D»
trolt, Mich. . -. • • •
SMITH— In : this city, May- 14, 1902 at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. W H
Eadon, 418 Thirteenth street, Mrs. Alice E*
- OCEA3T TBAVBL. 'nii%
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
t^ Steamers leave Broadway
Wharf. San Francisco:
fKOj^is- For Ketchlkan. Junea*.
BKSDK^Wji^k. Eka^way, eto., Alaska — 11 a.
m.. May 11. 16. 21. 2S. 31.
i Bwfe^la^l June 3. Change to com-
E5SarV-^:i1 pany's steamers at Seattle.
jWB^Mtt For Victoria. Vancouver.
Vort Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coma. Everett. Whatcom—
11 a. m., May 11. 18. 21. 26. 31. June 5. Cban*»
at Seattle to this Company's, steamers tor Alas-
ka and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle «r Tacorna t» t*«
P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — 1:80 9. m..
May 12. 17, 2S. 27, June L .
For Los Angeles (via Port Los An«el*s ana
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Eanta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Stats of California, Thursdays, J a, in.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crus, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucoa, Smn Lois Oblspo
(via Port Harford). Ventura. Hu«n*me and
•Newport (•Bontta only).
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. May 14. 22. 30. Jwh 7.
Bonita. 9 a. m., May 10. 18. 29, June 3.
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay, San Jos* del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Pa*. Santa Rosa-
lia, Guaymas (ilex.)— 10 a. m., 7th eaah
month.
For further Information obtain totdor.
.Right Is reserved to change steamers or sail-
ing dates.
TICKT7T OTT^CTE — * New Montgomery
str«et (Palace Hotel). - 1 •
C. D. DUNANN, G«n. Pass. Ag«nt.
GOODALL. PERKINS Jfc CO.. Gen. Agents.
;..- ¦ . 10 Market st.. San Francisco-
Pacific Coast Steamship Ca
1 FOB
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR... 9 P. M.. JUNE 1
VALENCIA 9 F. M.. JUNE T
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving San Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with, above steamers. Th*
new and elegant steamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome- last year,
landing all passengers and freight without less,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Nom»
folder, acnly TICKET QTT3?ICE» * New
Montgomery street (Palace Hotel).
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Pass. Agent.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Aeents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco. — ¦
O. R. & N. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
¦And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to AH
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, as
LOWEST H.ATH9.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
BS. COLUMBIA Sails ... May 23. June 2. 13. 23
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails
• May 18, 23. Jun» T. IT
Steamer sails from foot of Spear st., 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAM". COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at I p. ra..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with steamers tat India,
etc. No cargo received on board oa day ot
sallips.
SS. NIPPON MARU.... Friday. May 9th. 1901
BS. AMERICA MARU ~.'...7!,
Wednesday, Juno 4th 1903
$3. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. June 28th. 1903
Bound-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlc*.
421 Market street, crrner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vaporas
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard S. pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. May 17fCOLOMBIA ...June 21
PALENA May SllTUCAPEL ......July —
These steamers are built expressly f jr Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31ft California street.
BALFQUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Aynts.
oeeanics.s.co,=gji"
SS. VENTURA, for Hotitlulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., May 22, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. May 31. 2 p. rn.
S3. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ,7..
.Sunday, June 9. VF*. m.
I B. SPEICIJLS & BB0S.C01, Gflwral AztS., 329Iaifct
Gen'l Pass. Cfflcs. 643 Mamt st. Pier Ha. 7. PaciHc si
COKPACNIE eZHXBAU TBANSATLANTIQtTC
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Balling every Thursday, Instead of <*jjWngW
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, ¦ iWrPlfg
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upmyd. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. 5ENERAI*
AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 82 Broadway (Hudson building). Nsw
York. J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Paciflo Coast
Aeents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Tlefcrt Agent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Philadel.May 23, 10 am 3t. Louis. June 11, 10am
St. Paul.. June 4, 10 am Philadel. June 13. 10 am
RED STAR LINES.
NEW TORK. ANTWERP. PARI9.
Kensingn.May 2S. noon I Fries land. June 11. noon
Zeeland...June 4. noonl Southwrk. Juno lS.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TATLOR.G.A.P.C..30 MontrunVy st.
BAY JlSTD BIVEB STEATVTETia
FOR U. S, NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJO,'
Steamen GEN. FRISBIEor MONTICELLO
0:45 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30. p. m.. except Sua-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leav*s
Vallejo 7 a. ra.. 12:30 noon, 9 p. m.. except
Sunday.- Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* M
cents. Telephone Main 1503. Landing and
office, pier 2. ' Mission-street dock. HATCH .
BROS.
THE WEEKLY CALL
$1 per : Yeap^SA jury was summoned in Judge Fritz's
yesterday afternoon to try the case
of TV. E. Marshall, one of the 115 poker
Pi 35 '^ arrested in the Cafe Royal April
12. The jury was waived by the defend
ant, and as Policeman Beach could not
identify him as one of the players al
though he -was in the rooms, the case' was
dismissed. By consent it was agreed that
the District Attorney should select one of
the defendants who played at the same
table with Policeman Decker for trial on
May 27. '
Poker Player Dismissed.
E. F. Burns has renewed his lease of
the Hammam Baths, on Grant avenue,
for a eood long period; his place, there
fore, will continue to be the leading dis-
£ enSa 2v.« 0f r b 2J alr ", to w suffering human
ity. This is the only baths that Burns
has anything to do with regardless of ru
mors to the contrary. •
A Hot Lease.
J. M. Wood was convicted by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday on a charge of malicious
mischief and was sentenced to fifty days
In the County Jail. Wood was a clerk at
>. clan's shoe store, on Market street, op
potfite Fifth, and was discharged. He
threatened to get even with Nolan, and
about ten days ago he threw a brick at
J^olan s plateglass window, valued at $300
smashing it In pieces. '
Smashed Window From Spite.
"Without seeing the Diamond Palace
¦would be like visiting Europe without
seeing Paris. It Is a leading feature of
San Francisco. It Is a marvel of beauty
and elegance. It Is unquestionably the
most magnificent jewelry emporium In
the world— the splendid conception of a
master mind, a controlling genius. Ar
tistic taste and skill challenge competi
tion here. To be appreciated it must be
seen. Every visitor and resident should
fro and examine the marvels of genius at
No. 221 Montgomery street. A- Andrews
pioprietor. •
To Visit San Francisco
T. P. "Woodward favored the raising of
the 51 limit, and figured that 7% per cent
¦would give the Board of Education a
yearly amount of $300,000 which could be
expended In building schools at points In
the city where they were most needed.
This view was also taken by the other
members of the Board of Education and
the sub-committee, which realized, that
the Interest on a bond Issue would
amount to very nearly the sum It was at
present asking for, and that it could not
be taken up until November, and that a
yearly appropriation of 5300,000 by the
raising of the 51 limit would permit them
to build new schoolhouses in those parts
of the city that most need them.
This appeal of the committee was taken
under advisement by the Finance Com
mittee.
Henry TJ. Brandensteln, chairman of
the Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors, said the board, was confront
ed by a very Berious Issue, and Informed
the Board of Education that the charter
permitted the Board of Supervisors, in
case of great necessity, to raise the $1
limit, or a bond Issue could be put
through, and he asked the board whether
It would urge the Finance Committee to
raise the II limit.
A. Roncovleri, Mr. Edwards, Mr. Faulk
ner and James Denman all spoke at some
length, showing how much the classes
¦were clogged at the present time, and
showed that it was really necessary that
they should have between thirty and for
ty new teachers and the same number of
classes, and that six new buildings were
required-
Mr. O'Connor, chairman of the sub
committee, handed in a report covering
his personal Investigations. He felt sure
that the board could not run the depart
ment on the present amount allowed by
the Auditor, and that a further sum of
$300,000 should be added to the present ap
propriation of $1,200,000 for Immediate
needs. The total enrollment for the pres
ent year had been 50,136. which with a
maximum allowance of 532 50 per pupil
would give over $1,600,000.
Nearly all the schools are filled to over
flowing, they are all In need of repair
and in many of them the plumbing Is In
'wretched condition and the ventilation of
the poorest.
A. O. Mann of the sub-committee ex
plained to the ( Finance Committee the
present condition of many of the school
buildings and how totally inadequate and
insufficient the allowance made by the
Auditor in the budget would be.
The Board of Education and a sub
committee representing the teachers ap
peared before the Finance Committee of
the Board of Supervisors last night: and
advanced a very strong argument for a
yearly additional appropriation for the
betterment of the schoolhouses, additions
to the buildings and the construction of
new schoolhouses.
Discuss Ways for Increasing
Fund for Immediate
- Use.
School Board and Sub-
Committee Appeal
to Supervisors. .
ASK INCREASED
APPROPRIATION
:'. Business" men can be" properly served
with lunch at the; Cafe Zinkand. •
Bekina .Van & ¦ Storage Coi calls for ; house
hold goods, pack and ship. / 630 Market et. •
CHILDREN ' DANCE.— The children of Miss
Irene Gelmann's Juvenile Dancing Academy
gave their: first exhibition and dance last niehi
at Golden Gate Hall. The little ones showed
great cle\-erness. ; «,..".
iThe- California Camera Club will present
a" finely, illustrated lecture j by Rev. W. ';A.
Brewer,' " On I "The Grand | Canyon ; of ; Ari
zona" [ at ( 8 o'clock to-night ax I Metropoli
tan Temple. ( The' lecture .will be prepara
tory to an excursion to the Grand Canyon
of Arizona which; the Sierra Club has ar
ranged for its members and the members
of the Camera Club. The demand for
seats is large. - '-~ . • ; , .
Lecture to Precede Excursion.
¦ Adams' -Hair Restorer- promotes growth, re
stores color and beauty, to thin gray hair. 30c •
The City Front Federation will hold its
annual picnic and outing next. Sunday at
Glen Park. '.Valuable game . and "gate
prizes will be given, and a novel feature
will be the baby show, for which Mayor
Schmitz has donated a baby carriage as
a prize. A band of twelve pieces will dis
course, music for dancing. Following- is
the. committee in charge:, M. Casey- F
Johnson, J. Kean, D. McKevitt, *C Har
rington, A. Pryal, S. Barry, J. Murphy
F. -Nolan, J Nagle.: J. Talbot, H. Dolan
E. Rhodes,. S. Grubb and W. Giebel "
Front \ Federation Outing.
: , The banquet has ; heretofore been given
eacn year at : the home of one of the mem
bers. • This year Professor Edmund O'Neill,
E.'J.'.Knabb and.H. I." Coom had charge
of the affair.
. The graduates of .'79 of the University of
California held a banquet, and reunion
last night at the California Hotel. There
were many, gray heads among the thirty
five that sat down before : the . excellent
repast, some of San Francisco's most
prominent people being among them. The
banquet^was the twenty-third annual re
union of the class of '79. • , \ : .
.'E. J. Kriabb was.toastmaster. Dr. Par
dee • and , others spoke on the , University
of California and its colors and , the .class
of '79/ Among those belonging to the 'class
are Judge Sloss,' Leon- Sloss and-<$amuel
Irving of the Mechanics' Institute. '
Class of '79 of University of Cali-
f ornia Reunites for Twenty-'
.Third Time.
VETERAN GRADUATES HOLD
THEIR ANNUAL BANQUET
¦ Judges Gilbert, Ross and Morrow sat In
the United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals yesterday and dismissed the appeal
in the case of the county of Custer vs.
Western Ranchers on the ground that the
Circuit Court of Appeals was without
jurisdiction. ... ' - ., .
: Argument was heard in the case of John
MacGinniss against the Boston and Mon
tana Consolidated Copper and Silver Min
ing Company, and the case was submitted.
The complaint seeks to prevent the com
pany from being absorbed by the ?Amal
gamated Copper Company. An Injunction
was granted by the State Court In Mon
tana and was dismissed by United States
District Judge Hiram Knowles of Helena,
The litigation is said to involve mining
properties valued' at several million dol
lars.
Is Submitted. •
missed and MacGinniss Case
Appeal of the County of Custer Dis-
He Was a "Trusty" and Was Serving
a Sentence of Six
. Months".
-: Harry. .Winterburg, a "trusty," who
had been sent from the. City Prison In
care of Policeman Laws to do some work
at the Southern Police Station, City Hall,
made his escape yesterday morning about
8 o'clock and has not yet been recaptured
Laws had just reached the station with
Winterburg and placed him in the bat
tery-room to change his clothes before
starting him to work. Laws went into the
office, handed a parcel of papers to Ser
geant Colby and went straight back to
the battery-room. To his surprise Win
terburg had flown. . - - ¦
Laws at once raised ' an alarm and a
quick search was made by him and other
officers, thinking that Winterburg might
have. hidden himself in one of the rooms
,ln the basement, but no trace of ¦ him
¦could be found and no one had seen him
leave the building. His description was
promptly sent to all the stations.^
Winterburg was sentenced to six months
in the County Jail on May 6 and was as
signed to duty as a "trusty" in the City
Prison.- ¦ , ' ' .. . *:
Women of Woodcraft's Folly.
Redwood Circle No. .72 of the Women of
Woodcraft has arranged for a folly party
to be given in Native Sons' Hall on the
night of the 22d inst. The committee hav
iu? t^je- niatter in charge purposes making
this the most Interesting social function
the circle has ever given.- • '¦, '
MONTANA CASES ARGUED
IN COURT OF APPEALS
PRISONER ESCAPES PROM
THE SOUTHERN STATION
Mr. and Mrs. James W. Wakefield and
children sailed last Saturday on the Ala
meda for Honolulu. . . •
.A delightful card, party was given last
Friday night by. Mr. and Mrs. Fred A
Jacobs at their residence, 1715 Pacific
avenue; The event was in honor of Mrs
Jacobs' sister, Miss Mary Henry.
Several- well-known society ' people left
last Saturday on the Alameda for Hon
olulu, ¦ among' them being: •• Mrs. D R
Sessions and daughter, Mrs. P. A bias"
Mrs. J..R.'Folsom, R. S.'Irwin and Mr'
and Mrs. H. H. White. / ? '
A J ;ea J was § Iven by Mlss A »ce Masten
on Tuesday afternoon to the young wom
en who will attend her at her wedding
in June. The guests of honor were: Miss
Isabel. Kendall' of Oakland, Miss Delia
Mills, -Miss Ursula Stone and Miss Isabel
Hooper.
•..,.. . •¦¦; ..»»... . —
The .Misses Reeves of St. Augustine
Fla.', are the guests of Colonel and Mrs'
Rawles at the Presidio.
Mrs. W. North and Miss Helen North
of Honolulu, accompanied by Miss Fan
nie C. de^ Boom of San Francisco, left
fnr 1 w a n Ur i day 0I lri he s t eams hil> Alameda
for^ Honolulu. Miss de Boom expects
to be gone several months. ..
f The ladies of the Forum Club and their
guests listened- to an interesting address
¦Wednesday afternoon upon "Social Cus
4n,? S °rS, hln iV"- A " informal reception
followed the discussion and refreshments
were served. A number of Eastern dele
pTealan? 2ndEgKH sesslon share(i the
• ¦ v • •
• : • .¦ •
• Miss Olive^Holbrook gave an informal
friends 0 " yesterday at her home *°r, a few
Miss Elizabeth Foulke entertained at
luncheon yesterday at the University
Club in honor of Miss Jean Hamilton of
New York. The decorations were in ex
cellent: taste and the affair was delightful
in; every particular. Those present were:
Miss ¦ Ro.wena Reed, Miss Ethel Morse.
Miss Katharine Spiers, Miss Sophia
Pierce, Miss Ray Wellman and Miss Helen
r ester. :
ing the courses served at different homes
added much pleasure to th© affair. Mrs.
J. K. Wilson . entertained the guests for
the first courses, after which the party
went to Mrs. Rawles'" residence for oth'ers
and from there to the clubhouse for the
end.' The guests were: Miss Marie Wil
son, the Misses. Lewis, the Misses Bonnie
and Bessie Reeves,' Miss Rawles, William
Bowers, Lieutenant Brower, Captain
Johnston, Dr. Greenleaf, Lieutenant
Briggs and Mr. ¦ Nor th.
CLEVER "DAUGHTER OF THE
AMERICAN REVOLUTION"
NOW IN THIS CITY.
Further Training of Defense
' . Gun Experts.
News was received at arnjy headquar
ters yesterday that the Secretary of War
has decided to organize a class of gun
nery experts from the enlisted men of the
artillery branch of the service.' Each of
the twenty-one artillery districts, includ
ins? thfe Porto Rican, Cuban and Hawaiian
stations, will furnish its best gunner for
the new organization. These men must
report at Fort Munroe. Virginia, where
the school has been established, before
October 20. "• «
The class when formed will have the
most expert training that the militarv ]
authorities can furnish. Each man select- j
ed must be listed as a first-class gunner/
must be serving the first year of the sec
ond or some subsequent enlistment, must
be intelligent and of good-*ioral charact^'
and must signify in writing his Intention
to re-enlist. It Is expected that this in
novation will produce a body of expert
artillerymen unequaled in any other armv
in the world. y
Secretary of War Issues Order for
The last time it occurred the company
again pressed its claim for remuneration
for the damaged box, but Muller contends
that, as he did not break the. machine and
as it is not his property, it is not incum
bent upon him .to replace it.
The settlement of this dispute will be of
interest to all having nickel in the slot
telephones, foa.it is difficult to tell whose
phone the burglars will tackle next.
About two months ago burglars entered
the shop, took the telephone box into the
back yard and smashed It open. At
the time there was an argument between
the telephone company and the butcher
as to who was responsible for the box.
Each claimed the other should make good
the loss.
Karl Muller, who keeps a butcher shop
at the corner of Polk and Washington
streets, reported to the police that for the
second time in two months his shop had
been entered by thieves, who , rifled the
nickel in the slot attachment to his tele
phone, smashing the machine on each oc
casion. --:•-'
ler's Phone and He Holds He
Is Not Responsible.
Burglars Rob. and Smash Karl Mul-
NATION WILL HAVE BEST
ARTILLERYMEN IN WORLD
TELEPHONE" COMPANY WANTS
::;!. pay for broken box
• The Treasury Department has promul
gated an order that will cause many Gov
ernment officials to practice economy for
some months at least. The department,
after an experience or nearly 126 years,
has discovered that when a person not in
the Government service is given employ
ment he. should pay his way to the place
where he is to perform his duties. Worse
than that, the order provides also that of
ficials whose transportation and subsist
ence en route to their place of employment
has been paid by the Government shall re
fund out of their future salaries the sums
heretofore paid them on account of such
transportation and subsistence.
Notification, was conveyed yesterday to
F. ' AVr- McFarland, stenographer for the
Chinese Bureau, and H. R. SIsson. a Chi
nese inspector, that the amounts paid
them for their transportation from Wash
ington to this city will be deducted from
their salaries. .
The rule* 'however, has not been extend
ed to persons going on Government em
ployment to the Philippines or Porto Rico,
for the simple reason that the expense of
transportation and subsistence while on
the way is so great that it would be im
possible to induce competent persons to
accept employment from the Government
in minor capacities unless transportation
and subsistence were furnished.
ries Sums Drawn for Trans
portation.
They Must Refund Out of Their Sala-
ECONOMY TO BE THE - : >-
' RULE AMONG OFFICIALS
A goodly number of happy guests en
joyed the progressive dinner last evening
at the Presidio, and the novelty of hav-
The Papyrus Club held Its closing meet
ing of the season at the beautiful resi
dence of Mrs. J. Mora Moss, 3645 Wash
ington street, on Thursday afternoon.
The principal part of the programme con
sisted of reports of the biennial meeting
of the Federation of Women's Clubs at
Los Angeles, which were made by Miss
Katherine M. Ball, Miss Mabel Clare
Craft, Mrs. J. S. Orr, Mrs. J. J. Scoville,
Mrs. W. P. Buckingham and the club's
president, Mrs. C. Mason Kinne, all of
which interested those who had not been
able to attend the gathering in the City
of Angels. But it was quite evident, how
ever, that all anxiously awaited the witty
and humorous offerings, for the giving of
which - the "Papyrus" was created, and
much mirth was provoked by many tales
told, the unfolders of which showing
themselves possessed of much originality
The club will resume its meetings in
September next at the residence of Mrs
Samuel Backus.
MIes Brazier is an unusually clever
writer and speaker. She is from the East,
and her personal charm and simplicity of
manner added much to her able address.
An Informal reception followed the pro
gramme, during which refreshments were
served. %
• ? •
Puerta del Oro Chapter, yester
day afternoon at Century Hall. The. ad
dress *was interesting and instructive, two
lectures being condensed into one. Miss
Brazier spoke upon "The Thirteen Colo
nies" and "Paul Jones, the Founder of the
American Navy-" The last named subject
was especially Interesting to the audience,
as a movement is on foot in this city to
erect a memorial in his honor. The Society
of American Wars is particularly active
In this matter.
-jr. t-f ISS MARION HOWARD BRA
AVll ZIER ave a Patriotic talk be
n \Y \\ tore he Daughters of the
JL V JJL American Revolution, La
On the visit to Mrs. Darling Monday night
Levings wrote his name on a Press Club en
velope and left it with her with Instructions to
call him up at. police headquarters when she
had. the money ready. I have the envelope, and
It is . in Levings' handwriting. That incident
occurred at the Monday night visit, whlcn
Levings Ignores in his version of the affair
accounting for but two visits to the place.
Levings did not go to see Mrs. Darling under
Instructions from Chief Wittman. I That is ab
surd and it disgusts me to see such statements
in print Levings has got into a hole and he
Is trying to make it look as 41 the Chief was
standing in with him in the attempt to shake
the woman down. Of all absurd things that
is the most ridiculous. Leaving the Chiefs
Integrity out of . the question. It Is utterly non
sensical to think, he would do. this thing and
put himself in the power of a patrolman for
the sake of his share of the $150.
I do not know whether any more serious ac
tion wlll.be taken against Levings. It looks
serious enough now, for while the case might
not be complete enough for conviction on a
criminal charge, there seems to be enough evi
dence to make a decision easy for the Police
Commissioners. . ' •
LEVINGS LEAVES ADDRESS
Captain Seymour denounces -in strong
terms the attempt on the part of Levings
and others to make it appear, that the
patrolman was acting under* the instruc
tions of Chief of Police Wittman when he
visited Mrs. Darling and talked with her
about "squaring" Crothers' case for a
consideration of $150. Seymour said yes
terday:
If Levings said, as the woman claims he did,
that I sent him to see her he lies." I knew
nothing whatever ' of the case at that time.
Levings had made the arrest in the course of
his duty as a patrolman, on morning duty at
the City Hall station, i It fell to him as ar
resting officer to secure evidence, and the ' aid
of the detective service was not asked. No
report came to this office and I had absolutely
nothing to do with the case. / .
The first knowledge I had of the affair was
a week ago * Wednesday night, when Chief
Wittman told me of Levings having called him
out of the meeting of the Police Commissioners
to tell him of the "job" these people were put
ting up on him. ' ,
'•This, fellow Levings has been getting him
eelf into a bad hole, I'm afraid," the Chief
said ' to me, and then he told me Levings'
story. ¦-.-.. ¦ .
• "Why did he go up there to see the woman?"
I asked. ¦.....-'. ,
"That is what I asked him," the Chief said.
"It looks, to me as if he went for no- other
reason but to try to 'shake her down."
Levings told the Chief that Tuesday night he
had gone to Mrs. Darling's rooms, that night,
mind you, to search for evidence. He had al
ready, according to his own. later statements,
been there Sunday afternoon and again Mon
day night, claiming to be acting under my
instructions, knowing as he did that I had
no knowledge whatever of the case.
SEYMOUR INDIGNANT.
• As I remember it, Levings told me something
about the young man being of a good family,
and having a mother who would be broken
hearted, and there was a suggestion In his con
versation ¦ that if the charge were made petty
larceny ¦ the , boy would probably be willing to
plead ¦ guilty. I dismissed the matter from my
mind, however, with the statement that it was
plainly a case of obtaining money by false pre
tenses and that such ought to be the charge.
I do not' know, of course, what Levings' mo
tive was for telling me about the mother and
family, and; suggesting a ¦ light charge.
"When Levings had told me of the case in
detail, I said that In my opinion the man
should ¦ be '• charged with obtaining goods by
f al6e pretenses. - That closed the incident as
far as I was concerned. I did not tell .Lev
ings to wait, for my: opinion and did not ex
pect him to come back. As a matter of fact he
did not return. , ¦, -. '
Another of Patrolman L. , L. Levings
many explanations in 1 the course of ¦ his
handling of .the Crothers case has risen
up, to be a witness against him. District
Attorney Byington. says that the police
man did not' wait for an opinion from him.
and that Levings' assertion to Chief Witt
man to'that effect is false. . ... \
Levinga had told the Chief on Friday,
May 2, of Crothers' arrest and said the
accused had not been charged. He said
he wa3 afraid a conviction of grand lar
ceny covii not be secured, as in a similar
case the nrosecution had failed. Chief
Wittman told him to ask the advice of
District Attorney Byington. , ¦- ,
Sunday morning, May 4, the Chief found
Crothers' name still on the detinue book
and asked Levings why the boy had not
been i charged. Levings said Byington
was too busy to give him an opinion, but
had promised to do so as early as possi
ble. Byington denounces this aa false
and says that Levings received his opin
ion at their only Interview. The District
Attorney said yesterday: .
Asserts That Policemaii L. L.
Levings Acted "Without
- Instructions.
Captain , ; ': Seymour De
: :• n ounces Wittman' s
• Traducers.,
Miss Marion Howard Brazier, a Talented Writer
and Speaker From the East, Gives a Patriotic
Talk on the Thirteen Colonies and Paul Jones
LECTURES BEFORE DAUGHTERS
OF THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION
BYINGTON SAYS
HE GAVE ADVICE
THE SAN FKAJSCISCO CALL, FRIPA^; MAY ; 16; 19Q2-
14
THE STYLE BOOK.
Style is fashion— fitness to the occasion!
Every Regal style has a reason behind it—
and is [correct for the occasions designated in
our Style Book.
This tells about Regal "Tannery to
Consumer" advantages.
Mailed free to you on postal request.
Sold pnly in 45 Regal Stores from Atlantic <o Pacific and London.
Also by mail.'
SAN FRANCISCO STOREi '
S. W. Corner Stockton and Geary Streets.
jlHIIIIIIIlNllllll||ig||iB|iB| HBIIIBI|HIB
I MIHRAN'S pEPARTlJRE SALE.
[PERSIAN.....; ¦ t%J
j • rrV-V^ Daily.at 2:30 p. m.
\% ¦'".. 332 Post St.i Near Powell
I i iHiSSlrsSs ass
1 « t/»U "hlse are a fe1?of th. 2? i ', M S°* so l"' s KhS13 - Antique Cabristans
! luHS-SHss tsB * ] rass-!S?f fsausfirjs
* Duyers at this sale to change with any of the Ruga I will bring next fall.
I M. B. MIHRAN.
©©©«ooo©0©««o©©o©o©«eo©ooe©oooo©«eo©«9o«©oo«©«eoooo©ooooo©o©ooco©©®4:
9 ¦.:¦';'-¦'¦ rr ¦: : ¦ \ ¦¦¦ : : :::¦¦-¦ ?/* ¦'¦'¦¦: ':¦-¦:¦ ¦ - : ¦ .- '-'':¦¦: ; «
* R^^fttifftt What Five 1
|OeaUUIUI A(gCWH|pL Dollars Will 1
f^eAte, ~^|gp**g^ Buy i
• .An Interesting At Samuels* on •
§ Collection Cor, Suiter Street and Grant Avenue. Friday in Dress Goods |
J Of BELTS will be placed on our show- ¦ — ! ] . . ~ Flve do n ars l3 a very elastic sum 5
« cases in center aisle Friday for easy , , f you ' re trying to expend It in mer- §
• choosing. :.:;. -.•„¦.. . A I, \ I *| I chandlse. In some merchandise it «V
2 \T~~,* T TX.J~~4 • |\|/>TTT • I U^C* doesn't go very far as to "value re- ©
© Very LOW JrriCea. i V^ll iVL^ A celved"-but it reaches the limit of h
1 BLACK SATIN BELTS, with three * ' VY «^^***»-^* SSSSdSe 1 * 0 *" *" "^ SamUels> ©
|^gSK^.5&Stt i 2g:,?SS W^^^^^M U*W WOOL SERGE. |
©.Another line of -BLACK SATIN cSmTngly broad rang? ." :o|,rs. Some St^u*a7S^ ; ordlnarlly W0U W ©
•BELTS, with studded steel and s i lg ht Imperfections in the weave is the cost you».M, '. e
» nail head buckles, at, each 50c reason for their having been bought much' • \*r\nCk\r %^ fill ©
© BLACK MOIRE SILK BELTS, very under price. You can purchase them . xnvKxy 4/^.w.
© fancy buckles, at, each ...50c g R f.^DAY ICE " SA In shades of navy, marine ttue. «
S —.———-'¦ • miy worm jla * K1UA1 > mode, castor, gray, tan, golden ©
j& uVr 0 . T™^ "i r~ 17 1 brown, moss, plum, black. ©
| W nst Bags, 75cYard - — — — — — §
| B SS k» a n»a ; 8 itf; o x' f O6dTsmt to I
I :™.™::™::™t™:.<$.<% rraCtlCal Reduce Prxes on |,
I Attractive Petticoats Ktf abncs ' !
2' T^^^*^ 1 * " ir. all sorts of cool summer materials— _. —,**•,- T ,,t,, »- ?», 1 O
$ TTrr . seersucker, striped gingham and grass H J^l™J, dd l^ n ° f fi^L Jf*i*?* U ?, ual a
© AY/ f f f lin *n colored fabrics-and just as com- JL™^;?^ *!L° - f ?" ""P* 1 ?, ea , r »". g
s W ashable ? r s ie to a^ they are good iookins - Sf^sr^^isss.g^oa^^ s
• TV WkJliaUlW priced, too— positive concessions from regular Q
2 W^fctc $1.00 to $1.75. 3lr y P a /,?i H MADRAS - 1
• For summer wear appeal, strongly to nr J_ A mOZyOpeCM ZSC. g
©many women. They're cool and thin . 1 4*<*CTTT JVHATr^Tr' Magnificent patterns. - <J
S and eafler^o^kefniookfnTfrL 0^!, 1^ ¦¦¦ 1 UO I W UF 11 1 V 1500 yards IMPORTED SILK AND g
© «»w easIer to keep looking fresh and / COTTON WAIST NOVELTIES, for- 2
A neWt '^m 4 /• I mer price 51.00 yard; ©
I fev-ppi I - Gloves for I *«*** W: I
S 75c Each* tttt *- g
I t*'<- ~ ,'•• W Omen* Novelty Bed Sats, t
O PffHoTr I^Ii-ilTT In a varied assortment of Swiss and O
2 A llvidy v/llly» Some gloves which you buy elsewhere net. with lS-inch ruffle; tucked and tt
® * • * look Well, may not be high priced— but lace trimmed, from Sn.7r> to />
• T mm %4 ' < they soon betray their shortcomings. Im- SO.OO, including bolster and spread. *%
© I ¦ I I ' j 1 perfections in the quality of skin they are 2
© r* IH'nn^l^TT^ made of - the y wear through quickly. 1' f* £ S
A JL Ibll XI 1 Vl V I V V Seams sewed with cotton soon break and oliKOmie V^Omfnfte ®
O pull apart. Not properly shaped and i l - aix^ 1 - ulfc V-UI111UI 12), o
a C^1 * little hard usase makes them unfit for A great value, because they are Q
• w - A4-«-i wear. f full size and made of pure white fi
_ You donft take an >' such chances with sterilized cotton. Price, each, q
5 *»^*^*A %,KJf the Samuels Gloves— and you don't pay d* ¦* r\r\ *\
© '¦ as much. 4 4>J.UU. S
© Scalloped and Embroidered, at For Friday's sale-Fine overseam Kid g
O . . ~; Gloves, all shades; fine Pique Kid Gloves. » -_ °N
© CLC\~ — .J 1£T gusseted fingers, Paris point back, all Trick Hrkirif • (
J .-'. OKjZ and ZrOZ* shades, worth Jl-25. Sale price ITlSn X Oml OCaTIS, © J
.•,\. Worth one-third more. C\FT andff ullyworth 75c. Special, des!sns> £
JgVMade of exceptionally good quality m r* . O
• '¦: ...;..• Flannelette. ; ,/JU , 50CentS/. O
g V : — . o e
I Friday—All Remnants Half Price. I
S REMNANTS OF SILKS REMNANTS OF BLACK GOODS I
S REMNANTS OF DRESS GOODS ' REMNANTS OF LAWNS §
S REMNANTS OF EMBROIDERIES REMNANTS OF RIBBONS g
g REMNANTS OF LACES REMNANTS OF WASH GOODS 2
S O — — ' ¦¦¦-•¦¦¦•¦:- . — ¦ O §
©©©©•©©©©©©©©©©©•©©©•©•©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©©^eacaaQflflaoafl^^^^g
CIB5ON*5 M ~~1
OB5ERVATION5 NO. 5.-
Published by YourBox>mPricnd7 every ©rvce in a. wkile.
A gentleman said to me the other day, "You spend a great
deal of money advertising, don't you, Gibson? I've seen youc':
ads a great many times."
That man was wrong — I don't spend so very much, but . I '
make every dollar count My advertising is original and I buy, it
right. I think it out myself, people notice it, read it, and because
I'm always doing something new they think I spend a lot of
money. That's the way I buy everything. My stock isn't the biggest
in San Francisco, but it's bought right. It's original— it's dif-
ferent. When you wear my styles they're noticed just like my ads.
I'm not so big, but I've lot of novelties bigger concerns can't get.
JohnT. Gibson ? •your B050M friend"
_ju^5Kj.ndl^^iL^cntlcmgn
I mi-no* MarRcr5tT^»r cciden^teAv. PKo^^^^^'
I Bute^yssjss?^ we emy tte oniy cMDpiete » ne oi^^z^rr^
I ever^^s^r^^tilo^.. CU£hlOn "™ »ake It the eaMest rMer you
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sumrner
t :• When. you. are exhausted, .
and ' haven't ambition , or
.strength to do anything, take -
HorsfordV Acid Phosphate.
It is a tonic and nerve food.
that will revive and strength-
. en you in the most gratifying
manner. ; No o ther Summer
¦ Tonic to compare with
Hors/ibrd 9 *?
PHbspIiaLie
K -' Honford'i 'bum oa ' tmj . GZXUIKX pubf*
¦jSx&ffBfeai • WeaUEycm Strengthened.
w£2v^5«£3. Painful or Inflamed eyes in-
dSjSflSBsiti-r 1 ! stantly relieved with GEORGE
Wr^^J^ MAYERLE'S German Eye
¦ t> w «ter. : 60c,' at 1071 Market
¦^tt>JtS&^ st. Tel. South S72. Nona gen-
-•¦ - -- ...... . , • . ,.;Ulne ( without .this .trademark.: