Mrs. Jeff rys Was the
Name of Woman
Again a Widow.
Government Troops Fire on the Steamer
Jotun, Carrying the Norwegian Flag,
and Kill the Captain.
TWO WARSHIPS THAT HAVE BEEN ORDERED TO HASTEN TO VEN
EZUELAN WATERS AND PROTECT AMERICAN INTERESTS DUR
ING THE PRESENT APPARENTLY SUCCESSFUL REVOLUTION.
Indian Commissioner Coming Here.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Commissioner
of Indian Affairs Jones left here for San
Francisco to-night, where bids for sup
plies for the Indian service will be opened
next Tuesday. The bids to be opened at
San Francisco will aggregate in the neigh
borhood of half a 'million dollars.
Shocks Cause Great Terror.
MEXICO CITY, June J7.-An earth
quake shock lasting twenty seconds was
felt yesterday about noon at Chilpan
cingo. No' damage was done, but great
terror prevailed.
The evidence sustained the report pub
lished yesterday of the runaway of de
ceased's horses, which resulted in Mis.
Tubbs, Miss Coughlin and deceased being
thrown violently out of the road cart
which the latter was driving. The Re
corder found that death was due to acci
dental causes-
SAUSALITO, June 17.— An Inquest was
held to-day by Town Recorder Prior Into
the accident which terminated In th«
tragic death of Herman A. Tubbs, the
millionaire property owner of Sausalita.
Tubbs' Death Accidental.
The funeral services will be held at the
Tubbs residence, 2fi6 East Twelfth street,
which has been the family home for forty
years, at 2 o'clock Thursday afternoon.
There will be eight. honorary pallbearers,
four of whom will be from the Tubbs
Cordage Company ofllces. The other four
aro G. Russell Lukens, Erl Griffiths, J. Cal<
Ewing an^ Felton Taylor, intimate
frU-nds of the deceased. The casket-bear
er* will bo -selected from the workmen In
" OAKLAND Jtme 17.— The body of Her
man A. Tubba, arrived in Oakland to-day
in charge of E. M. Hall Jr., Supreme Jus
tice F. W. Henshaw^ J. Cal Ewing and
Felton Tavlor.
Family Residence.
Funeral .Will Be Held From the
TUBBS' BODY IN OAKLAND.
MONTREAL, June 17 — A letter received
here from Stillwell Parker of Steamship
Harbor, N. S., states that on June 2 a
bottle was picked up fortj'-five miles east
of Halifax, containing the following note
written on a scrap of paper:
"Steamer Huronian turned over Sunday
night in Atlant/c. ' In small boat fourteen
of us."
The Allan liner Huronian, bound from
Glasgow for St. John, N. B., sailed from
the former port on February 7 and noth
ing up to this time has been heard of her.
. ¦•_• ••¦: ¦ a. . *'
Missing Steamship Huronian Said to
¦ Have Capsized in the
LETTER IN A BOTTLE
TELLS OF SEA '.TRAGEDY
BERLIN, June 17.— Although the For
eign Office has received no news from the
German Charge d'Affaires at Caracas,
Herr von Pilgrim-Baltazzi, since his no
tification of the bombardment of La
Guayra, his silence is not regarded as sig
riflcant.
THE HAGUE, June 17. -The Dutch
cruiser Koenigen Rentes has been I or
dered to proceed from Willemstad, Island
of Curacao. -to La Guayra, Venezuela, to
protect the Interests of The Netherlands
ST. THOMAS. D.'w.'l., June 17.—Ad
vices from Georgetown, British Guiana,
under date of June 14, say that the Nor
wegian steamer Jotun arrived at George
town that morning from Venezuela, and
the chief officer reported that Venezuelan
revolutionists "commandeered" the ves
vel June C at Barancas. The chief of the
party. General Valentine Perez, took
charge of the vessel] Revolutionary
troops were then embarked on board the
Jotun and she conveyed about 250 of them
to Bolivar. landing at the latter place
June 7. Then Captain Meling was allowed
to resume command of the ship and she
was taken on the other* side of the bay,
where she loaded cattle. On her return
voyage, when passing St. Felix, Venezue
lan troops fired on the Jotun from two
vessels, killing Captain Meling and wound-
Ing a passenger named Nunez. The Gov
ernment vessels pursued the Jotun, but
she succeeded in escaping. « •
10 GUARD DUTCH INTERESTS.
FIRE ON NORWEGIAN FLAG.
and that all Indications point to the over
throw of the Castro administration in a
short time. . ,
'in business walks of. life Tubbs was
identified with several prominent Oakland
institutions. He.-,was a director of the
Union Savings Bank and was until Jan
uary 1 a director/of the Mountain View
Cemetery Association. J Because of his in-
Young Tubbs .also owned a beautiful
suburban villa at Sausallto which over
looks the road where -the fatal accident
occurred. . •'..-. ' -. . -
Before the late Hiram Tubb3' d^ath he
deeded to his wife and children all of his
estate, worth reveral million dollars.
Herman Tubbs received an interest in the
Tubbs Cordage Company, stocks and
bonds and two valuable pieces of property
in East Oakland.- One of these is the
AVashlngtpn Hall block. Sixth avenue and
East Twelfth street, diagonally opposite
to the Tubbs home, and property near the
F.M. Smith' residence at the head of
Eighth avenue.
LEAVES VALUABLE ESTATE.
. The news of Tubbs" untimely death was
a. 5-liock not only to the members of his
family, but to a host of his friends in
Oakland. He had spent most of his life
in this city, having been born here 34
years ago at the Tubbs home in East
Oakland, where the family settled nearly
half a century ago. He was educated In
the Oakland public schools and here grew
to manhood. His future had In large
measure been cut out for him, because of
his father's connection with the Tubbs«
Cordage Company, an extensive manufac
turing institution of San Francisco and
one of Its pioneer industries. It was
founded by the late Hiram Tubbs, the
young man's father, and A. L. Tubbs, an
uncle. A cousin of the decedent. Alfred
Tubbs, is now the president of the con
cern.
t he t cordage company's employ. Inter
ment will be in Mountain View Cemetery.
Tubbs was a member of Brooklyn
Lodge No. 225, F. and A. M.. and was also
an active member of Oakland Lodge No.
171, Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks.
As a leader of the Reliance Athletic
Club, Tubbs gave it more than liberal
financial support and In no small measure
was responsible for its revival and the
position it now occupies. The Reliance
Gun Club, one of the auxiliaries of tha
parent institution, was largely patronized
by the deceased.
terests In. San Francisco, Tubbs resigned
th« latter post and was succeeded by Dr.
George C. Pardee.
WASHINGTON. June 17.— The War De
partment to-day issued the formal order
placing Captain Samuel C. Lemly. judsf*
advocate of the navy, on the retired Use
The question whether Captain Lemly re
tires with the rank and pay of captain,
which he holds as chief law officer of tha
Navy Department, or with the rank ani
pay of lieutenant commander, his lineal
standing. Is left open, and in the natural
course of events will come up Before tha
Comptroller of the Treasury. For tha
present Captain Lemly will continue his
capacity as judge advocate general of ths
navy.
Lemly on Retired List.
Mrs. Tubbs was a widow when she
married Mr. Tubbs. In her girlhood she
lived in Oakland and has a sister who
was Mrs. Robert Flemmlng, wife of the
superintendent of construction of the tele
phone company In that city. Mrs. Flem
mlng is now at Nome. She was one of
the chief, operatives of the telephone
company when she married Fle'mming.
"All I can say at this time,", said Mr.
Lovell, "is that there is no question about
Mr. Tubbs' marriage. I know that this is
a "fact, but further than that I cannot
say. Anything about the circumstances,
time and place of the marriage must
come from Mrs. Tubbs. I am not her at
torney and there has. been no discussion
with her so far as business matters are
concerned. Mr. Tubbs was my dose
friehd, and, with others who were In daily
association with him, I knew of his mar
riage. 1 cannot discuss the reasons for
the secrecy." . ¦ .
The reason for the secrecy is not made
known, by those who wore in Mr. Tubb3'
confidence. It is said that he had desired
his intimates not to disclose the fact be
cause, of family concerns. . Whatever the
cause, it Is a certainty that most careful
injunction was placed upon those who
wero acquainted with the matter to close
ly guard the .secret. Among those who
had knowledge of the marriage is Attor
ney Charles H. Lovell of Oakland, who
was a very intimate friend of Mr. Tubbs.
Friends Say Cere=
mony Was Per*
formed Here.
Mt Hy TIF1 death of Herman A. Tubbs,
B Oakland capitalist and vice
g president of the Tubbs Cordage
B Company of San -Francisco, has
-«wL . disclosed a romance In thellfs
of the young man in the form
of a secret marriage with airs. A. Jeffrys,
formerly Miss Meader.of East Oakland.
The nuptial ceremony,- according to the
few intimate friends of the deceased Oak
lander, took place in San Francisco some
time ago, tho wedding being solemnized
according to the. civil law Hy a Superior
Jurlse of this city.
A cablegram received In the same
quarter, dated at Trinidad, on the 13th
inst., eays that on that day three Gov
ernment gunboats sailed from, Trinidad,
presumably to relieve the Government
'forces up the Orinoco. The advices. also
eay that General Matos, the leading
jepirit in the revolution, is marching on
Caracas with a force of nearly 7000 men,
From cable and mall advices received
In a reliable quarter here and used for
the discussion of the Cabinet a.t to-day's
eeesion. It appears very probable that the
Topeka, because of her light draft, wl'l
proceed from La Guayra tip the Orinoco
River, where steamships of a big commer
cial compeny are practically in a state
of blockade owing to the activity of the
revolutionists in that quarter. The mall
afivicee of May 31 say that Senor Farrira,
President of the Venezuelan State of
Guiana, was captured at his capital,
Oudad Bolivar, and that the revolution
ists secured 1200 Mauser rifles. 2,000,000
rounds of ammunition, a quick-firing gun
and two breech-loading cannon. General
galas, the commandant of the Govern
ment force*, made his escape, boarded
v/ith his party two Government gunboats
end two ehips of a. trading company, wail
ed down the Orinoco and established a
temporary capital at San Felix.
UP THE ORINOCO.
The orders of the Cincinnati and the
Topeka mentioned I so. Guayra especially
as their destination.
Later in the day orders were sent to
the Cincinnati and the Topeka. now at
San Juan, P. R., which have been held in
readiness for this very service, to pro
ceed at once to La Guayra, where they
should arrive before the end of the week.
TWO WARSHIPS SENT.
The Cabinet to-day discussed the situa
tion in Venezuela, so far as it is revealed
In the prc*s dispatches, and in some
cablegrams received by commercial com
panies operating in -that country. It was
decide that two warships should be ?ent
at onc« to La Guayra. This action wa*
taken, not upon definite advices, but in
pursuance of the general policy of look-
Ing after American interests in case of
disturbances.
elan gunboats recr-ntly,
•which has not appeared in tho press dis
patches, is brought out in the advices re
ceived here to-day. It appears that the
French cruiser Euchet and the German
cruiser Falke were both present at the
bombardment. The firing had proceeded
only a short time when the commanders
of both the foreign vessels sent word to
the commanders of the Venezuelan pun
beats thai fuither bombardment could
take place only at thfir own peril, and
by* this threat the firing was immediately
silenced. This information would serve
to expia:n why the bombardment of that
port, which began with such gusto, came
to naught.
WASHINGTON, June 17.—
An interesting situation
iri connection with the
bombardment of the port
of Carupano by Venezu-
Complications Add to
the Troubles of
Castro.
: "Of course, we are going to take part In
the conference. We are still Republicans,
although some people have Intimated that
we are riot. "We have as deep an Interest
In keeping party faith as those who may
differ with us on the Cuban question. It
is not a party question nor is it big
enough to occasion a split in the Repub
lican party. I have no means of knowing
what will be the outcome of the treaty
proposition in the conference. It looks to
me as if it was Intended as a bridge to let
some people pass over safely from tho
dangerous position they now occupy in
trying to force the. Cuban bill through
Congress in spite of the fact that very
few people are sincerely in favor of It."
ABE STILL REPUBLICANS.
Senator Elkins, chief of the "boxer"
contingent, said:
There is a strong sentiment in both
branches of Congress in favor of the an
nexation of the island. Senator Platt of
New' York said to-day that he was posi
tive that a hill to annex Cuba would pass
both houses. He admitted that the initia
tive would have to come from the Cubans
and believes that sentiment in favor of
annexation would spread rapidly in Cuba.
Senator Burrows, one of the "boxers,"
was in a cheerful .mood to-day.
have nothing to gloat over," .said
he. "We have not been making war on
the administration as charged, but we
have been doing what we believe our
duty to the Republican party. We
honestly believe that the legislation pro
posed for /concessions to Cuba will be
hurtful to American interests ana" of lit
tle or no practical benefit to Cuban sugar
.growers."
ANNEXATION SENTIMENT.
Whether concessions to Cuba can be ac
complished through a commercial treaty
is uncertain. Representatives of the beet
sugar industry said to-day that a reci
procity treaty would be as objectionable
as the reciprocity bill, if it provided for
20 per cent reduction in the tariff. They
oppose a change in the existing tariff,
but would favor a commercial treaty that
would provide for a 20 per cent drawback,
rebate or bounty, to be paid by the
United States to Cuba and distributed
by. the Cuban'Government to cane grow
ers and sugar producers of the- island.
President Roosevelt, President Palma,
Secretary Root and General Wopd agree
that a rebate is impracticable and re
fuse to consider the proposition.
The result is very plainly a distinct re
buft for the administration. No explana
tion that the Cuban bill was merely a
measure' supported by Roosevelt because
President McKlnley would have advo
cated it can change the fact. .
Should this resolution be adopted, that
will end the matter. There will be no
party split and no public discussion on
the floor of the Senate.
--BILL WJIJ/BE DROPPED.. .*. :
- •¦ apparent ' that' "less
than forty-five votes— a majority in the
Senate— can be obtained' for the Cuban bilj
Jt will be dropped. Then a resolution is
likely to be proposed declaring it to be
the sense of the conference that the Pres
ident should handle the question of com
mercial relations with Cuba diplomatical
ly and negotiate a treaty to be considered
at the next session of the Senate.
Senator Allison, as chairman of the
Committee on Order of Business, has
ca!le«l a conference of the Republican
Senators for to-morrow night. This will
result in the abandonment of the Spooner
substitute and of Cuban legislation gen
erally. The conference will be held behind
closed doors. There will be a count of
noses, and any Senator who desires to
express an opinion, may do so.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 1".—Arrange
ments for the • obsequies of the Cuban
reciprocity bill were virtually perfected
to-day. In accordance with the pro
gramme outlined this morning in The
Call, which told of the death of the bill,
the Republican members of the Commit
tee on Cuba met to-da^ and adopted the
Spooner substitute. This provides for a
20 per cent reduction in tho duty on im
ports from Cuba into' the United States,
in return for an equivalent reduction by
"Cuba oft goods imported from the United
States. The reduced duty is to remain in
force not longer than five years, and the
President is required to assure -himself
that the reduction, so far as sugar and
tobacco are concerned, is to benefit thn
producers in Cuba and not purchasers in
the United States.
Special Dispatch 1 to Tbe Call.
During the afternoon the Kin? drove
out from Windsor Castle in a closed car
riage. He appeared to be In good health.
This morning it was officially an
nounced that King Edward was much bet
ter. He passed a good night and his pro
gress toward complete recovery was un
interrupted. The measures
ordered by his physicians are said to b»
due to the necessity of husbanding hla
strength in view of the fatigues of the
coronation week. The King was keenlx
disappointed at being unable to attend the
Ascot Heath race meeting to-day, which
he intended to open with all the state
ceremonial of the early days of Queen
Victoria. He hopes, however, to be pres
ent Thursday. Gold Cup day.
EEFOBTED MUCH BETTEE.
At a meeting of the Irish members of
the Hou3e of Commons this afternoon
resolutions to the effect that the Irish
Nationalist?, as a -protest against the
"misgovernment of their country," re
solved to take no part in the coronation
ceremonies, and that the Irish party be
summoned to meet in Dublin on the day
of King Edward's coronation to take into
consideration the condition of Ireland,
were unanimously adopted.
At Scotland Yard to-night the utmost
reticence was maintained concerning these
rumors. " It was noticeable, however, that
the chief inspectors, who usually return
home at night, were all on duty there, and
while they refuse to see newspaper repre
sentatives until to-morrow morning, they
decline to either deny or confirm the ru
mor.
LONDON, June 17.— A sensational story
is current in London to-night of the dis
covery of a plot to assassinate Kins Ed
ward. This story has created much dis
cussion in newspaper and other circles,
but it is lacking in anything like official
confirmation.
According to the current report. King
Edward's sudden illness at Aldershot was
not due to cold, but was merelv an ex
cuse • for withdrawing his Majesty from
public functions, owing to the discovery
by Scotland Yard of a plot against hl3 life.
The principals in thi3 plot have not yet
been arjrested. It is cited in confirmation
of this story that King Edward's recov
ery when he was ensconced at Windsor
Castle was as complete and speedy as hla
attack had been sudden.
On the other hand, it must be pointed out
that if his Majesty's illness was merely
diplomatic, the officials carefully took a
great deal of trouble in keepinc up the
fiction. Sir Francis Laking, physician in
ordinary to the King, was summoned by
telegraph to Aldershot; his prescriptions
were hurriedly filled, and everything about
the King's apartments indicated the gen
uine nature of the King's illness. Fur
thermore^ -King Edward's journey from
Aldershot to Windsor in his motor car and
his subsequent drive to-day in Windsor
Park do not seem to. Indicate any fear of
a further attack upon his person.
' --¦-¦ INSPECTORS OH u DUTY."
Growing Sentiment
in Favor of Annex*
ing the Island.
Scotland Yard Silent
on Sensational
Rumors.
Caucus Will Decide
to Abandon Cuba
Legislation.
Principals in the Ah
leged Scheme Not
Arrested. .
Senators Arrange to
Mold Reciprocity
Obsequies,
Merely an Excuse to
Withdraw From
Public.
PREPARE
TO BURY
THE BILL
ILLNESS
DECLARED
A BLIND
DISCOVERY OF A PLOT TO ASSASSINATE KING EDWARD
IS THE SENSATIONAL STORY FREELY CIRCULATED IN LONDON
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1902;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCn-NO. 18.
DEATH OF TUBBS
BRINGS TO LIGHT
SECRET MARRIAGE
FRENCH AND GERMAN SHIPS
COMPEL VENEZUELA TO STOP
BOMBARDMENT OF CARUPANO
"WELL-KNOWN BUSINESS MAN
WHO MET* WITH A TRAGIC
DEATH. - , ¦ "
The San Francisco Call.WAR VETERANS PROMINENT
IN THE COUNCILS AT CAMP
MATHESON.
SANTA MONICA.' June 17.— Irwin Robinson,
a. veteran of.a New York cavalry, committed
suicide at the RqldlersV Home late last night
Robinson was 60 years of age and had a wife
Uvtatf -in ;Loa- Angeles.-, r -,-.-. ------ ' ;'-,
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 17.— Charles A.
Fickett of Waterloo, ; Iowa, grand exalted
ruler of the Elks; and Miss India Parma
lee Ryan of this city were married at the
home of the bride's parents here to-day.
Grand Exalted BulerWeds.
LOS ANGELES, June 1". — More than 500
of the visiting Shrlners with their families
visited" Cataliha to-day.
Lightning- Kills Four Men.
SHERMAN, Texas, June 17.— Four men
were struck by lightning and killed twelve
miles south of here to-day. The deaJ:
"William Coleman, Henry Conway. George
Bratcher, ; Bratcher (brother of
Geiorfee Bratcher). The men were picklns?
potatoes on the Coleraan. farm when
stricken, and their bodjea were found
close together. . •
, LEBANON,, Mo.. June 17. — A bronze statue
erected to the memory of Richard Park Bland
who served in Congress almost -continuously
from 1872 until 1890, was unveiled here to
d&j with Impressive ceremonies. An immense
crowd gathered to hear addresses by William
J. Bryan? William' J. Stone and others.
CHICAGO, June 17.— Three-quarters of
a million dollars is the amount John D.
Rockefeller lias donated to the University
of Chicago since President .Harper last
made an announcement of a 'gift from the
oil king; Dr. Harper announced the latest
donation in. his quarterly convocation
statement to-day,-. Other friends of the
university have given a scattering $12,000
during the year. Another important an
nouncement ..was that the university
woufd soon erect a building to cost $150,000
for the University Divinity School. It Was
announced that the university would con
struct Immediately a law school building
to cost $200,000. - ¦.
Large Bequests by Rockefeller.
PERPIGNAN. France,, June 17.— It has been
snowing here steadily for" four. days. The
canton* of Montlouls, i Salllagouse ¦ and
Prades have been vlBlted^ .by-, unprecedented
frosts for this time of year. . The farmers in
those districts are in deepair.
SAN DIEGO, June 17.— Judge Torrance
to-day granted a motion to strike out
an additional $10,000 from the account of
Isaac Trumbo as receiver of the Golden
Cross mine on the ground that the re
ceiver had no right to borrow the monev
an he did from the First National Bank
of San Francisco. A new motion is now
before the court to strike out $49,000 more.
It f.s the declared- intention of Attorney
Shaw-, to make the receiver prove every
item of expense which has been mntioned
in the account, and until these items are
proved, he claims, the attorneys who ap
pear for the creditors have no standing in
court. He has moved that all the other
attorneys except Mr. Shortridge be com
pelled to step aside until the case is set
tled as between the receiver and the mine
From Receiver Trumbo's List
of Expenditures.
Strikes a Cool Ten Thousand Dollars
* \
court blue pencils
another' big item
Arrangements', are being made by the
committee on entertainment for one day
during the Street Fair*, for the Utah Press
Association: also for .-a, reception to Sen
ator Bard on his return to his home coun- :
ty. A letter has, been received from Presi
dent Roosevelt stating that he will for
mally open the Street Fair, using the
telegraph lines for that purpose.
VENTURA, June 17.— Great interest
centers in the. voting contest to decide
who shall be queen of the Ventura Street I
Fair and the. Fourth of July celebration.!
During the past two days more than 600
votes have been cast. /Miss Maude
Crothers, the popular local manager for
the Sunset Telephone Company, leads to
night, with 449 votes; Miss .Adelyn Gan
dolfo, a Native Daughter, is second with
C4$. votes, and Mrs. Maude Mellen, an
other-Native Daughter, is third with 21ff
.votes. . Seven others have less than 200
votes each. Miss Jean Henderson is San
ta Paula's leading candidate, while Ox*
nard has a fund irudy to ' use at the last
.moment for an. Oxnard girl. -.
Mfss Crothers is prominerif-.in Rebekah
circles. She Is being supported by - the
Eebekahs.rand the Los Angeles telephone
tifllcials are also displaying considerable
interest. The Native Daughters are
working, hard for Miss Gandolfo. The
contest will close next Tuesday."
... A . novel feature of the "queen's court
willbe the appearance; . during- carrtlval
week, of pseudo embassadorsy in cos*
.tumes of several hundred jfears j back,
from the various European^ courts. '
The 'committee, on arrangements has
received word, from Senaton.i:Bard and
Secretary Of >the Navy- Mo-ody that the
training-ship Alert, will! be' stationed in
Ventura harbor on July I' and ?.
Samuel M. -Shortridge, has consented to
appear as orator of the. day on the Fourth
Of July. -•-.••• '¦ ':>••¦
-Tile Native Sons ¦ having charge of the
."Old Boys' Mastodpnic Minstrel Show'"
to be given June 24 in the opera-house,
have conceived a brilliant idea in con-«
. nectiom therewith. They propose to have
fifteen or" .twenty"-. young ladies, at
tired in Street-Fair colors— red, White and
greeiwirive through: the streets and sell
tickets at auction from beautifully dec
ornted tallyhos.' ;•
¦ Only twenty-seven filings were made to
day. The filing j>t one claim was com
pleted before another was taken up, and
the' work,- .was . necessarily slow. The
scramble will continue to-morrow and for
several days and numerous contests will
undoubtedly take place. ' Everything is
quiet to-night, . however, and no armed
conflict is expected.
In: spite of the vigilance of the deputies
and reservation police, many "sooners"
succeeded in locating claims and lined up!
with the others. Land attorneys were
busy this afternoon investigating contests
on these claims. At 2:40 p. m. the special
train from McCammon, run for the benefit
of those who had located on claims, ar
rived in Blackfoot over the Oregon Short
Line. It was packed to suffocation. Men
were on top of the 'coaches, on the tender;
on the locomotive pilot, everywhere that
afforded a foothold. Before the train
stopped they swattried from the coaches
like bees and a mad rush for the land
office took place. For more than an hour
the force of deputies was helpless, but
finally ; succeeded in forming the crowd
into line. \ -vJ ' : ¦¦-. » •;-•- <
Shortly after 1 o'clock the - spectators
saw a cloud of dust rapidly approaching
on the road stretching out to tne south
west. Soon two dusty, choking-, riders
were made out, whipping and spurring,
running neck and neck, on horses that
seemed ready to dsop dead from exhaus
tion. . Exactly one hour and fifteen min
utes from the time they had.left Pocatello,
twenty-six miles away, the two riders,
Mullen and Dekay, leaped ¦ from their
horses in front of the land office. Mullen
secured the coveted first position. \ Each
man had used four relays of horses en
route. They finished not more than fif
teen feet apart.
At Blackfoot. long before the noon hour
immense crowds of spectators formed in
front of the land office, and in the win
dows and on the roofs of adjoining build
ings watching for the first arrivals. J.R.
Mullen and F. E. Dekay of Pocatellowere
the first to reach Blackfoot. v v -• .'
Exactly on the hour of noon nearly 2000
people, old men, boys, Indians, wher had
been waiting eagerly, some of them for
weeks, for the Opening of the reservation,
rushed across the line in a wild scramble
for land and mining claims. Every con
ceivable kind of transportation waa used.
Many had arranged tor relays of horses
in order to locate and get to tne Blackioot
Land Office before others could file, pay
ing as much as $30 for the use of one horse
for a few hours.:. . • .
BLACKFOOT, Idaho, June 17.~The Fort
Hall Indian reservation; including 418,000
acres, nearly 100,000 of which consists of
fine farming land, was thrown open for
settlement at noon to-day.
The Very Rev. E. A. Hoffman
'iNEW YORK. June 1..— The .Very Rev.
Eugene Augustus Hoffman, D. D., dean
of the General 'Theological Seminary of
the Protestant Episcopal Church, died
suddenly to-day at Pittsburgh, N. Y., inj
his seventy-fourth year.
Rivalry Among Maidens
to Rule Over the
: . Street Fair. \-\ >h "ri
Exciting Scenes at Res
ervation Opening
in Idaho.
: WILKESBARRE, Pa.. June 17.— Because
th.e. general manager would not. discharge
five girls whose relatives are still at work
in the mines, the Wilkesbarre Lace Man
ufacturing Company, the largest in the
tTnited States; was compelled' to shut
down to-day. One thousand persons are
affected. The laccmakers and , cotton
workers are strongly organized and have
been helping the striking miners in every
way possible. , ,
It appears the lacemakers learned that
relatives of the five girls were working
In the mines and the girls were given the
alternative of either quitting- .the lace
mill or having their relatives quit the
Collieries. Failing this, the Cotton Work
ers' Union requested the discharge of the
girls, but the manager refused to comply.
The employes of, the cotton department
thereupon quit. The rnatiager asked tho
weavers what they intended to do, and
after a meeting the weavers replied that
they could not work with "unfair" work
ers'atid also quit. The shutting down- of
the lace mill was the only Important de
velopment in the Wyoming region to-day.
Unoffending Girls Stops a
Factory's Work.
Demand for the Discharge of Five
RELATIVES OF MINERS
THE CAUSE OF STBIKE
VENTURA VOTING
FOR THE QUEEN
CHICAGO, June 17.— An advance of
over three cents in -the price of July
corn enlivened speculative trade in gfain
to-day. Opening at 64^ cents, the price
was rushed up to ,66% cents within the
first hour of trading, and much excite
ment accompanied tne advance.
Shorts were responsible for the sharp
rise in the price of the golden cereal. Un
easy over the stubborn manner in which
the New York bull crowd trading through
Harris Gates and other big houses has
protected its July holdings,' traders who
had corn : sold, for nex.t month's ¦ delivery
engaged in further -covering in the course
of which they were forced to bid prices
up sharply on themselves. Not until the
price had advanced more than one cent
was there much- corn -for sale, and then
offerings were not sufficient to meet the
requirement of the shorts. Harris Gates
sold out a little long corn from time to
time, but not enough to affect the pricp
much. The shorts continued, to cover
late in the day, and July sold to 6714
cents, closing at that price.
Much Excitement Accompanies an
Advance of Three Cents on
Corn-
SHARP RISE IN PRICE'
* OF THE GOLDEN CEREAL
His career in the navy has been rather
conspicuous. In 1893 he was found guilty
of irregularities In his accounts and dis
missed from the service. He made good
his shortage, however, and was restored
by act of Congress.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 17.— Paymaster
John Clyde Sullivan has been granted per
mission by the Navy Department to como
to : Washington from San Francisco to
make a personal statement as to why he
should not be dropped from the service on
account of moral unfltness. He was recent
ly examined for promotion to the grade
of pay inspector. The board found him
physically and mentally unfit— conditipns
which would lead to his retirement— and
morally unlit— which would cause him to
be dropped from the service.
sion to Go East to Give
Explanation.
John Clyde Sullivan Granted Permis-
PAYMASTER' WILL MAKE
STATEMENT IN WASHINGTON
Mayor Ames came into,' court' later with
his attorneys and listened to the reading
of the indictment charging- him with of
fering a bribe to E. P. Sweet, County
Commissioner. He was given until Mori
day to plead and his bail was fixed at
$5000. This was furnished ' by Thomas
Lowry and Will Boutelle, a furniture
merchant. The bondsmen of Norbeck
this afternoon raised their offer of re
ward for his apprehension to $1000.
Mayor Ames declares that he will dis
chaige Norbeck from the police force and
has directed the department to bend
every effort to effect his capture.
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn.. June 17.—Sensa
tions came thick and fast in the police
bribery cases to-day. When it came time
to open the trial of Christopher Norbeck,
detective, for brihery, W. W. Erwin, his
attorney, confessed thart he did not know
the whereabouts of hfs client. The dis
appearance, of the accused caused, great
excitement," and a bench warrant will be
issued for him. .Since the conviction of
Special Officer Gardner and the commit
ment of Detective Harvey for perjury
l-Jqrbeck has been very^ despondent and
has. threatened suicide. His bonds for
$0000 were signed by R. J. Hill and Bran
don Sodonl. Mrs. Norbeck eaid her. hus
band left home with another, man last
night and she had not seen him -since: •
Another sensation developed when it
became known that Mayor Albert Ames
of Minneapolis had been indictea,for of
fering a bribe.^ The charge ia that the
Mayor endeavored to hav^/ his- secretary,
Thomas R. Brown, appoimed Sherjff by
the County Commissioner^ when it • . be
came evident that Philip '-Megaarden
would be removed from office by the. Gov
ernor for malfeasance. In attempting to
carry out this plan he is, alleged to have
offered to so arrange matters that the
$20,000 annual income from the Sheriff's
office should be divided • equally, between
Brown and the three County Commis
sioners, forming a majority of the- board,
who were to vote for him. -The .evidence
to this effect was given before the Grand
Jury by County Commissioner Nash 'and
Ed Sweet. , V:'li-
Develops a Small Number of
Sensations.
MAYOR IS INDICTED
ON, A BRIBERY CHARGE
Police Investigation in Minneapolis
and if some of the old "boys" Jike Com
rade Buckles and Comrade Crawford
don't see the inside of the guardhouse
it will not be the fault of the ladies.
Comrade Kimball is supposed to Le an
immune, for being a strict church mem
ber ho is not considered capable of do
ing anything mean enough to arouse tn,s
ire of the ladies; and, besides, he is quite
a favorite with the fair sex. ¦
Three acetylene gas plants have been
erected in the camp and to-night visitors
viewed. the canvas city by gas light..
John K. <J. Hobbs waa one of the.found
ers of the firm of Hobbs, Gilmore & Co.
This firm waa succeeded by Hobbs, Wall
& Co. Some years ago a corporation was
formed of which Hobbs was made presi
dent. He was also vice president of the
S. H. Harmon Lumber Company. At one
time he was a member of the Board of Su
pervisors. He took a prominent part in
fraternal affairs and was highly connect
ed v/ith the Free Masons. • He was a
member of the First Unitarian Church.
Last September Hobbs started with his
family for Germany. Mrs. Hobbs, his son
Carlton and his daughter Elvira accom
panied him. After some time passed in
Germany, in the care of medical special
ists, it became evident that recovery was
not probable and Hobbs decided to return
home to pass his last days in San Fran
cisco, where he had resided many years.
BANGOR, Me., June 17.— The Demo
cratic State convention to-day . nominated
S. S. Gould of Skowhegan for Governor
and adopted a platform which, in dis
cussing national questions, says: ;
"We deplore the'policy which, caused oc
casion for acts "of cruelty and barbarism
in the Philippines which no party dares
uphold. ; •.
"We denounce. the policy of imperialism
ac practiced by Spain in Cuba, by the
British Government in America before the
revolution, by Great Britain in South
Africa and by the Republican administra
tion in the Philippines. Wo believe that
the liberation of Cuba was forced by the
Democratic party, and that the same lib
erty should be granted the Philippines."
and Imperialism Is De
nounced.
Gculd Is Nominated for Governor
MAINE DEMOCRATS MEET.
BOISE, Idaho, June 17.— More than 200O
men and probably half a. hundred women
are now struggling over the rugged moun
tain trails to reach the gold fields of
; Thunder Mountain and join the advance
guard in the. quest for' wealth. The trails
are .now opened and the rush is" on in
earnest. ¦ r- ='^J
While the trip is attended by none of
the dangers that beset the trail of those
who went in earlier, still I£"I3 niled wttrr
hardships. .The eagerness for wealth,
however, that caused men to risk, their
lives during the winter draws the crowds
in ever-increasing numbers. • The caval
cade, numbers many of those who made
themselves rich in Thunder Mountain last
fall and who are returning to increase
their store.
News of rich strikes continues to come
in. Perhaps the most notable is that
niade by Captain W. C Bryan, who rep
resents ex-Senator Thurston of Nebraska.
None of the ore' runs "less than $200 a ton
ana much of it Is flaked with gold visible
ta the naked eye and assays as -high as
$17,000 a ton.
Notwithstanding four towns havo
sprung up as if by magic, with their small
stores being supplied every day from pack
trains, the cost of provisions remains very
high. Flour sells for $10 a sack, bacon ol>
cents a pound, dried fruit 25 cents a.'
pound, canned goods 40 cents each., -/ .
Many minor crimes and at least one
murder, together with trouble over op
erations of gangs of claim-jumpers, glvv
the goldseekers plenty of excitement. The
bedy of a man was found recently on Elk
Creek trail, but could not be identified.
It was plainly a murder. A letter from
Camp Rled to-day says that papers found
near the scene of the crime show he was "
Jncob R. Stronger; that he came from
Chicago and had visited relatives in EaJt \
St Louis before coming to Idaho.
. It is believed there will be 00,000 people "
In camp this summer.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Men and Women Strive
to Reach Thunder
Mountain, x
MINERS CROWD
PERILOUS PATHS
HOBOKEN, N. J., June 17.— J. K. C.
Hobbs of. Hobbs. Wall & Co., box manu
facturers at Bryant and Beale streets,
San Francisco, died on board the steamer
Frlederich der Grosse Juno 11. The steam
er sailed June 7 ¦ from Bremerhaven.
Hobbs left San Francisco in September
last for Germany to recover his health.
His wife, daughter and son were with
him. The body was embalmed on board
by Dr. Weber and Dr. Rosenroad and will
be brought to San Francisco by Dr. i>.
Stow Ballard of that city, who came to
New York to meet the family. The cause
of death was apoplexy.
Apoplexy While Returning
Prom Germany. . .
John K. C. Hobbs Suffers a Stroke of
BAN FRANCISCAN" DIES
ON AN ATLANTIC LINER
TWO THOUSAND
RACE FOR LAND
i yj- jj EALDSBURG, June 17.— Captain
II. ij King and his company of Oak-
I II land veterans have so far been
Jl J\ the chief attractions at Camp
Matheson. Company A is kept
i under strict military discipline and woe
to the civilian -who tries *to sneak within
the lines. The. first arrest was made yes
terday by The Call representative who
captured a straggler when he wasn't^
looking, and, marching him into camp,
bravely turned him over to Captain King,
who promptly shoved both captive and
captor into the guardhouse. The boys
are enjoying themselves hugely.
State Treasurer Truman Reeves is a
visitor In camp and will remain for a few
days. Comrade Reeves is an old soldier.
The members of the Veterans' Associa
tion are arriving by trains and by wag
ons and to-night Camp Matheson had "a
population of very close to one thousand.
¦ Captain R. S. Logan of this city re
i ceived a communication to-day from Cap
: tain Charles Jansen of Troop A Cavalry.
I Second Brigade, stating that h!s troop
'would go into camp at Santa Rosa on
June 21, and that he would bring tho
troop to Healdsburg on June 25 in time
to receive General Warfield at the depot
and escort him to Camp Matheson.
To-morrow will be Petaluma day, when
the camp will' be in charge of Officer of
the Day J. L.'Winans of Petaluma. Next
Saturday will be ladies' day; the ladies
will be in full command and heaven help
the veteran who doesn't walk the chalk
line. Courtmartials galore are spoken of
The Turkish Minister dashed to the res
cue, but just as he neared the spot, an- i
other electric car swung rapidly around |
the corner of the street. The Minister, !
undaunted by this ! latest development,!
sprang in front of the fast moving car !
and seized the prostrate driver. To pull j
the unconscious cabman to right would |
have meant the death of both victim and?
rescuer. Quicker than thought Chekib Bey j
dragged i the man from underneath tho \
horses' hoofs and at great danger
to himself dragged the cabman backward
and underneath the carriage, ' The Min
ister's hat was kicked from his head by !
one of the animals and his clothing w.is !
covered with mud, but he soon reached a j
place of safety, drawing the; driver af ter j
him. . i
BOSTON, Mass., June 17.— Chekib Bey,
the Turkish Minister to the United States,
who is enjoying the attractions of the tlub
for a few days, to-night risked his life
and succeeded in saving the life of an
other. The Minister was returning to his
apartments at the Hotel Toiiralnc when
he happened to see a collision between a.
trolley car and a cab. One of -the rear
wheels of the cab was knocked off and the
driver was thrown violently from his box
to the ground. As the driver fell he
clutched the reins for safety and the sud
den* jerk forced the already frightened
horses to back. The cabman was almost
underneath the wheels, but he managed
to wriggle clear and then fainted Irom the
pain of the wounds which he had received
in his falL The horses, however, continued
to back and the unfortunate man seemed
doomed to a horrible death under their
feet.
Hero While Visiting in
Boston.
Chekib Bey Plays the Part of a
MINISTER' Otf TTTRKEY
? -SAVES A DRIVER'S: LIFE
EASTEKN BASEBALL GAMES.
Baltimore and St. Louis Have Long-
Drawn-Out Struggle.
.AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO, June 17. — A combination of three
hits and two errore, with a. gift and a caerl-
Bce. gave the champions the game In the first
Inning. Attendance, 2900. Score:
Ch icago .*.'..... .................. G * * » 4
Philadelphia 2 ?f 5 -". A
Batteries — Garvln and Sullivan; Mitchell an]
Schreck. - -_. . .-,
DETROIT. June 17. — Mercer's curves were
a puzzle. to the Washington team and he was
hit safely only three times, scoring the first
ehut-ont of the season at Bennett's -Park. At
tendance. £515., Score :
\ . R. H. E.
]>etroit ....4 11 0
Washington 0 ¦ 3 2
Batteries — Mercer and Buelow; Lee and
Clarke.
BT. LOUIS, June 17. — Baltimore and St.
Louis fought a drawn battle' tomay, the game
belny called after tbe eleventh ir.ninc on ac
count of dafkrheES. It was a pitchers' battle
between Kudhuff and McGinnity and neither
team scored in the last five innings. Attend
ance, 1501.' Score:
St. Louis .....••••••••••..••.... 2 11 '2
Baltimore 2 11 J.
Batteries — Sudhoff and Sugden;. McGinnity
and Robineon. .
BOeTON, J6ne 17. — Cleveland won this
morning's game by bunching hits with Bog
ton's errors. ¦ The latter were numerous and
weird and worthy of raw amateurs. Moora
had excellent command throughout the came
Attendance, CM). Score:
Boston A' t ft
Cleveland..;'. .-. .7 9 2
Batteries— Dlaeen and Warner: Moore and
Wood. . \
In the afternoon came Cleveland ; gave Cy
Youns his third defeat of the season^in a
closely played game. As in tha morning game.
Boston's errors figured largely in the visitors'
•core, but one of their runs being earned. At
tendance. S100. Score:
Boston.... ..;:.....<...\ 1 t H G E A
Cleveland. 4 7 o
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Batteries— Young and Cricer; Joss and
"Wood, ¦
PHILADELPHIA, June 17.— A wild throw
by Dahlen cave Philadelphia two runs in the
eiphth end another was secured in the ninth on
a base on balls and HuUmltt's double. Brook
lyn won by cood consecutive hitting and fast
inside work. Attendance, 193C. Score:
JirooKij n .-••-»...•*¦¦;........, 4 11 . 1
Philadelphia 3 5 o
Batteries— Newton and Farrell; Iburg, TelU
and Dooln. L'maire — Emslie. '
BOSTON'. June 17.— Three lilts, ' a base on
balls and three .errors.. Added to Cooley
being hit by a pitched ball, rave Boston four
runs 'in th» eighth inning of the* morning con
test and clinched the game. Attendance, 900.
Score':
. . > n. -. h. e.
Boston G... 12 a
Netr York ".';...; 3 ¦ 6-3
Batteries— Willis' and* Kittredge;" Taylor and
Bowertnan. Umnire-rCantillon. ".
Every man in. the Boston nine came to the
bat in the fourth inning of the 'afternoon game,
five of them making files and five of them
crossing the plate. This took the heart out a!
the visitors and they played listlessly for th«
remainder of the game. Attendance. 2500.
Score '.
It. U. E.
Boston _¦:. ..13 j» o
New York 2 8 3
Hatteries— Plttinffdr and Moran;Blewitt and
Cewerman. UmDire— Cantlllon. ¦' , : .
Guests of San.Xuis Obispo. :
SAN LUIS OBISPO. June 17.— Delegates
from the Climatotogical • Association, now
touring th« State, visited San Luis Oblspo
tcday. They arrived f ronv the south '.this
afternoon and were met by a committee
of. the local Beard of-Jrade. Accompanied
by about fifty citizens they were trans
ferred to a Pacific Coast special and takon
to Sycamore Springs and Port Harford,
returning to San Luis Obispo at 5 o'clock.
They were then given carriage-' rides
about town .for, an .hour. * An informal
dinner in the Jlamona. tendered by ...ie
Board of Trade, followed arid to-night the
Easterners were th<s guests of tWe Wo
men'* Club at a reception given in the
Bamona. ¦ ": „;.--.
CRESSON*. Pa., June 17. --Charles II.
Schwab, president of the United States Steel
Cot poratlon. stated to a representative of the
Associated Press to-day rthaf there .was no
truth • In the report -that he had- boughuihe
Cramp shipyards. . '.'. -.'.'¦ ¦,
At Spion.Kop, where the British suffer
ed so much, the Boers only had fifty T three
men killed. In one of the fights outside
Ladysmith the Boers had • fifty-six men
killeu and Over 100 wounded. Their losses
were heavier at Brankspruit and Vlaken
fontein: The Boers were often worried by
the British shrapnel and lyddite guns, but
when entrenched they did not fear the
shells. Members of the Boer forces often
managed to get into .Johannesburg,
Krugersdorp and Pretoria, securing valu
able information and frequently crossed
the blockhouse lines at night. Command
ant Kemp did not allow the Boers of. his
commando to wear khaki, the British uni
form.
"I have handed over the South African
constabulary to the civil authorities, as
the necessity for further military opera
tions has ceased." . \ .
KIMBERLEY. Griqualand, Monday,
June 16.— Commandant Kemp, General De
larey's lieutenant, who surrendered .at
Maf eking June 11, has arrived here. In an
Interview to-day he gave some interesting
figures regarding, the war. He said that
about 50,000 Boers Were in the field at. the
outset and that only 1500 out of 5000 men
available fought at Colenso, . where the
Boer losses were not heavy.
LONDON, June .17.— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, Monday,
June 16, announces the additional sur
render of 915 Boers. This completes the
surrenders In the Transvaal. Under .date
of June 17 Lord Kitchener announces that
700 Boers surrendered, at Bloemfontein
yesterday and all the surrenders in the
Transvaal and Orange River colonies' are
now complete. In the Transvaal, 11,225
men. surrendered and 10.813 rifles were
given up, while in the Orange River Col
ony 5395 men surrendered and 52S0 rifles
were turned in. The figures for Cape
Colony have not been ! fully received.
Lord Kitchener concludes as follows:
"The - fundamental principles of the
Democratic party, etc., repeatedly affirm
ed by past Democratic conventions," •
This was considered by the opponents
of silver as a too specific declaration in
favor of the Kansas City platform and
they fought it. For three, hours the de
bate went on and the plank was amended
''to read:
The proceedings began with a fight over
the principal plank in the platform. As
originally drafted, this -read:
"The Democrats of Illinois, in State
Convention, declare their adherence to
the fundamental principles of the Demo
cratic party as laid down in the Declara
tion of Independence, the constitution of
the United states and our last national
convention. • . ¦ ¦¦
A minority report favoring the election
of Harrison was made and the fight car
ried to the floor of the convention. The
struggle produced . wild excitement. Im
passioned speeches were made in favor of
both representatives and every orator was
received with wild applause and tumultu
ous hoots. The delegates at times were
frantic and criticisms highly personal
were frequently exchanged. • v-
John P. Hopkins was re-elected chair
man of the State Central Committee after
a bitter contest with Carter H. Harrison
of Chicago. The election of Hopkins pro
duced the only fight in the convention,
but it was stirjring enough to maJie up
for the tameness that characterized the
other proceedings of the convention. The
day was full of clashes between Hopkins
and Harrison. The two men indulged in
an acrimonious quarrel in the St. Nicho-"
las Hotel during the morning, in which
Hopkins bitterly resented criticisms made
by Harrison of the campaign methods at
tributed to Hopkins by Harrison.
Later Harrison and his friends succeed
ed in beating Hopkins In the district cau
cus for State eommittseman and elected
Thomas J. McNally of Chicago in his
stead. Hopkins' one chance, to. be re
elected chairman was in the caucus of the
general committee appointed to select the
chairman^and the Harrison forced were
jubilant, claiming Hopkins. was beaten be
yond all redemption. He was himself con
fident of the outcome, however, and the
confidence was Justified when the com
mittee, by a majority of three, recom
mended his selection— the vote being Hop
kins 13, Harrison 10.
SPRINGFIELD, HI.. June, 17. — The
Democratic State Convention to-day nomi
nated the following ticket: Clerk of the
Supreme Court, John L. Pickering of
Springfield; State Treasurer, George "W.
Duddleston, Chicago; Superintendent of
Public Instruction', Anson L. Bliss, Hllla
boro; Trustees of the State University—
Dr. Julia Holmes Smith, Chicago; J. A.
White, Urbana, and S. S. Paxton. Mon
rnouth. v
I Johnson died in ten minutes. None of
Brown's shots took effect and he was un
hurt. A big crowd gathered and there
was a move ¦ to lynch McMichael, but
when it was found he had been wounded,
perhaps fatally, they desisted.
Johnson was 24 years of age. He fought
through the Cuban campaign as. a mem
ber of Company D of the Rough Riders
and was personally known to President
Roosevelt. At San Juan he was shot in
the khse, but recovered and rejoined his
troop. McMichael had been involved in
litigation so long that he hadt>ecome des
perate. The land in ciuestion is valued at
$50,000. - . ¦
The shooting took place in Woodlawn
Addition, in the eastern end of the city.
McMichael had been contesting for
twelve years the homestead right to 160
acres of land in the addition. He was de
feated in all the courts and in Washing
ton, but was never ejected from the claim,
where he lived with his wife and children;
Ccrtez Brown and E. E. Brown, editors
of the Times- Journal; bought lots in the
addition through JOhnsqn's company and
were • improving tnem. Yesterday Mc-
Michael attacked Brown for entering the
land. To-day Brown and Johnson at
tempted to lead away a cow placed on
Brown's lots by McMichael, when the
latter fired. without warning at Johnson.
Johnson fell with a bullet in his head and
McMichael continued to fire at him, but
without further, effect. Brown drew his
revolver and began firing at McMichael,
and finally Johnson, dying, raised himself
upon his elbow, rested his pistol on his
wrist and fired twice at McMichael. One
shot" struck. McMichael iii the abdomen,
the other going wild, and he dropped his
revolver and ran for aid. '
U. E. Brown, editor of the Times-Jour
r.al, one of the oldest newspaper men in
the Territory, tired five, shots at Mc-
Michael in defense of Johnson, but none of
them took effect. Brown, and McMichael
were arrested. There was talk of lynch
ing McMichael until it waa learned that
hih wound was fatal.
OKLAHOMA CITY, O. T., June 17.— E.
¦W. Johnson vice president' of the Classen
Real Estate Company and who served
through the Cuban- campaign with the
Rough Riders, Was shot and killed here
to day by W. T. McMichael as a result of
a contest over a land claim. Before he
died, Johnson. shot, and fatally wounded
McMichael. ' v .'•.. ? : - • ~" • \- •¦
Finally, amid the greatest excitement,
the first portion of the motion, to the
word "Francaise" was adopted oy 328 to
64 votes. The concluding portion was
adopted by a vote of 278 to 244".* After the
•chamber "adjourned Syveton met Mesueur
in the lobby and rnsults were exchanged
between them. This occurrence resulted
iv» Syveton challenging Mesueur to fight a
'du*l/- The seconds of the two deputies
will meet to-morrow.
Syveton. replied, amid frequent inter
ruptions from 'Raymond Leygue (Radical-
Socialist ) who at one point called him a
liar. Tho-motion was put to a \ote. and
during the scrutiny the I^eft and Right
members exchanged vituperations. The
Centrists shouted: "We will abstain;"
When. Syveton rose to reply his voice
was drowned by the noise caused by the
banging of desk lids by the Leftists. Af-
Ter a eemblanee of order had • been re
stored Bateaux moved that "the chamber,
reproving: the anti-patriotic campaign of
tho candidates of the Nationalist Society
Lfc Patrie Francaiscv asks fo'r an investi
gation of Syveton's election."
Berteaux (Radical-Socialist) opposed the
validation, accusing the Nationalists of
engaging in' a violent campaign of insult
and. calumny against the Republicans.
The. speech led to interruptions from the
Count de Dion and Syveton followed by
uproarious altercations between the Na
tionalists and Radical-Socialist*. Count
d«_* Dion threatened Berteaux with his fist
and Coutant (Revolutionary Socialist) in
sulted Count de Dion, calling him an Im
becile. " When called to order Coutant
said lie would break the Count's Jaw. v .
PARIS, June 17.— Disorderly scenes oc
curred in the Chamber of Deputies to-day
during the discussion cf the verification
of the election of Syveton (Nationalist),
who defeated Mesueur (Radical-Socialist).
Angry of the Cham
ber of Deputies Will
Fight
Contest for Central Commit
tee Chairmanship Causes
Wrath*
Boer Commandant Tells Some
of the_J3ecrets. of the .... ' ...
War, - ;
Quarrel Over a Land Claim
the--Caus3 of the
. i Tragady.
French Legislators Take
Part in Riotous
Session.
A Soldier Who Fought
With Roosevelt Is .
Murdered.
Lively Features at Illi
nois Democratic Con
vention.
Civil Authorities in South
Africa Now, in
Control.
DEBATE FIRST
NOW THE DUEL
KITCHENER ENDS
MILITARY RULE
WOUNDS ENEMY
BEFORE HE DIES
IRE AGITATES
THE POLITICIANS
' SfiP.)lii
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18^902.
Population of Healdsburg's Canvas City Now
Numbers Nearly a Thousand.
VETERANS ARE ENJOYING
LIFE IN CAMP MATHESON
2
May not be all thatVfs /meant by/dyspep-'
sia now, but R will; lie if neglected.' y,
Smpairod%
The uneasiness After eating, fits it
nervous headache,. sourness of the atom-'
ach and disagreeabld^.belching may not bd
very bad now, but; they will- be if tho
stomach ia suffered to grow weaker. [*
Dyspepsia is such^a miserable disease
that- the tendency to" it should be glveti
early ¦ attention. ; ; Thl's? is . Completely over-
come by ; ;'• ' , » . "
Hood/s Sarsaparilla
.Which strengthens the, .whole digestive'
system;- •• :^y :•• -/>:;— '¦^VT:';"-^-' "-' r ''
tfhder
Royal^Warrant
* . THE QUEEN CF TABLE WATERS
; is supplied to :
His Majesty,
The Kingof England
' H. R. H.
The Prince of Wales
. and served at all
} ; the Court Festivities. '
When the- San Francisco business men who
incorporated the John J. Fulton Co. were put-
ting the Fulton Compounds to practical testa
in cases of Bright's Disease and Diabetes,
Edwin W. Joy. the Kearny-street druggist,
stopped one of the Investigators and said he
had a friend who had an- advanced case of .
Blight's Disease and was beyond human aid.
Joy explained that he had been In one of the
large city hospitals, had been tapped nearly
a doien times and was so weak and his case
was looked upon as so hopeless that his re- .
coyery* would create a sensation and^ihat it/
would be a fine test for the, compounds. "We
told Joy to send the patient's brother down.
He came and we gave him the treatment Joy
started for a trip around the world, fully ex-
pecting on his return to find that his friend had
Joined the silent majority.
We now skip ten months. Joy has returned.
His friend la not only still living, but Instead
of the tappings being a month apart, as for-
merly, he has not been. tapped since December
last, now over six months ago. and instead of
hetr.g con&ned in a hospital he Is living at home
and is now down on the street daily and grow-
ing stronger all the time. There is no wider-
known druggist on the Pacific Coast than Ed-
win tV'. Joy.
Interested parties will find him at his storea
at Kearny. and California,' where he will con- <
firm these Important facts and give the de-
Ul's. s
Medical works agree that Bright's Dlseas.i
and Diabetes are incurable, but Simper cent ar«
pcBltlvely recovering under the FUlton Com.
pounds. (Dropsy, Bladder Trouble. Rheuma* ,
tism from uric acid, and the minor ktdne?
diseases are soon relieved.) Price, $1 • fof
Bright's Disease and $1 50 tor Diabetic Com-i
pound. Free testa made for patients. Desert p-'
live pamphlets mailed free. Call or addresj
John J.FUlton Co.. Mills btrtWtngr,- MootcomerT
Btreet. San Francisco. ~
Edwin W. Jou's Test Case
of Briabt's Disease,
JOHN J. FULTON CO-
ADVEBTISEKEEinS.
Good enough
Havana Filler .
" FLORODORA " BANDS an '(
cf same value as tags from
" STAR." " HORSE SHOE."
- spearhead:" 1 standard na vrr
'": " OLD PEACH & HONEY."
-SAW LOG." "OLE VARGINY"
er "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco. \
.6 - • •¦ - • .
ft'YbU%*i : - '(¦''¦^JM^^^^^'^ Whenitcomes;d&
»f Qb^nn r- -• ¦*«-"IHk^1 * piano there is n o W
Q Cant Hy \ ¦ MWar,-- P' ace in America that can giveftjfi
i(*h*}TIPPi \YI P$Pr you a better proposition or offer A
) LllalCwvJ 'III '''Hfc3 you better instruments, or give g At
& hilvinrf *» fiion A "^ : - ¦ V° u bet ter terms than we can. zi IVl
yDujlilgd yldllO /::< dffetent makes to select from- JflL
rtfiK .--^,"-i'«.; all covered by a genuine guarantee. ..Call OJP
) "I. *** .: '- - ¦ and. verify what we tell you. - " .:, ' •«
I THE WILEY BS^LllBN CO. :^.S^^.B
j All Markct-et. cars stop in front of our* 1 building. Branch". 951 Broadway, Oakland. Qk
miuiiimiiiillllliiiillllliiiiiiiilM^^^ALWAYS IN" THE RIGHT.
Before the sun had sunk to rest on that
eventful 17th day of June, 1775, those thir
teen colonies had .found the Inspiration of a
new nation, and conceived the hope and had
established the nucleus of a glorious na
tional existence.
From the day of Bunker Hill we have never
swerved from national right and national right
dealing. Whatever territory we have acquired;
whatever history we have made; whatever ideas
and principles we have established, have been
along these lines. And God • grant that none
other shall ever actuate our statesmen, our
Government or our people.
Fellow Americans, the sword of Bunker Hill
flashed a message to the nations of the earth,
a mesEage of liberty, and of national manhood;
that message has not been dimmed by. the ad
vancing years, nor has it lost any of its bright
ness or luster from its reflection; repeated
from ocean 'to ocean and from State to State.
It unites the descendants of Pilgrim Fathers
on Massachusetts rock bound shores with the
descendants of California's pioneers and with
the pioneers themselves, in this land of sun-'
shine, fruit and flowers, and on this anniver
sary day it proves the Inspiration and the oc
casion of thousands of these ' patriotic Ameri
can reunions held In every State. ':
Gentlemen of the Associated Societies, I
thank you indeed for the honor and privilege
of being with you to-day. I can be no better
American, but I shall certainly take with me
hence the most pleasant memories and the true
significance of a great and united American
ism. (Applause.)
WINNERS OF RACES.
After another patriotic selection by the
band, Miss Juliet Greninger sang' "The
Star Spangled Banner." This was fol
lowed by a cornet solo by H. Dibbin and
a tenor solo by Daniel Lawrence. Chair
man Badger read a telegram from a Bos
ton society and then called upon the audi
ence to render "America" and every voice
Joined in singing the ode. The exercises
closed with a benediction by Father
Lacey. .
After luncheon there was dancing' until
5 o'clock. The races proved very inter
esting. The winners in the various events
were: -
Children under 8 — Carroll Colley first, Carl
Weener second.
Upon arrival at the picnic grove the
literary exercises were inaugurated. The
programme opened with a grand medley
of patriotic airs by the Second Regiment
Band. This was followed by a prayer de
livered by Rev. T. J. Lacey. William G.
Badger, president of the day, delivered
some appropriate opening remarks. He
dwelt at length on the occasion that
brought them together and expressed the
hope that all would enjoy themselves. At
$£?„ concrusion of the address Alfred
jy.UH 1 .® render ed "The Sword of Bunker
Hill. Ebenezer Knowlton recited an
original poem written for the occasion.
The president of the day then intro
duced lion. Eugene E. Schmitz as the
tor * .The Mayor was heartily cheered,
wnen the noise had ceased the city's chief
executive spoke in part as follows:
In this lovely place, where every attraction
of nature calls upon those who love her to
enjoy her gracious smiles and her delightful
welcome and to forget, for a time our city
habits and all urban restrictions a lengthy
address would. I fear, seem incongruous; yet
the spirit of the day. whose anniversary we
now celebrate and which is still so strong and
so fresh in the American heart that wherever
Americans congregate, whether in the crowded
city or in the open country; whether amid the
busy cares of life or in our moments of freest
case there is ever room for pause— time to
consider and to recall with wonder and with
admiration the birth of our American inde
pendence, and the growth and progress of our
American principles and our American institu
tions.
One hundred and twenty-seven years ago to
day that sun which now In splendor, shines
upon forty-six sovereign States of a united and
forever indissoluble country, rose as it were
from the eastern sea upon thirteen British col
onies, separate In their ideas, separate in their
people, and separate' in their governmental
conditions, except as they all owed allegiance
to an unloved, unjust and despotic ruler beyond
the sea. . ,
members and invited guests of the
Bunker Hill Association. Sons of the
American Revolution and Society of Cali
fornia Pioneers congregated, was in
bloom and the weather ideal. The resi
dents of the, pretty town greeted the
pleasure-seekers as they entered the sta
tion in special trains.
A MORE beautiful day could not
have been had for the celebration
of the battle of Bunker Hill than
yesterday. Los Gatos, where the
Children 8 to 12— Leslie Adair first and H.
Reamer second.
Boys 17 years and under — Harvey Teller first.
E. NorthroD second.
Girls 17 years and under — Grace Bliss first,
Alice Brown second and Hazel Johnson third.
Men — F. Thompson first, and P. Young sec
ond.
Ladles — Miss Nelson first. Miss E. McLane
second and Miss E. Archer third.
Fat men — W. "W. Magary first and W. P.
Lambert second.
Fat ladies— Mrs. Marshon first, Mrs. Car
nall second. • V .
Married men — A. L. Pierce first, J. Haynes
second.
Married ladies— Mrs. Fogarty first, Mrs.
Dodze second.
Ef?g and spoon — Mrs. E. Archer first, Mrs. E.
H. Beverly second and Miss Ida Pierce third.
Hop, step and jump — J. Haynes first.
Three standing jumps — P. A. Young first.
Roberts Vandercook was the floor man
ager. Robert Collier, G. A.- Hubbell and
W. G. Badger composed the games and
prizes committee and the judges of award
were J. S. Miller, Robert Wilson ani
Hugh Clark. \ •
JOHU YEAKEY'S SLAYER
MUST FACE THE COURT
to a Complaint.
District Attorney of Shasta County
* Will' Ask the Widow to Sweat. *
REpDING, June 17.— The funeral of
John H. Yeakey, who was killed by Wil
liam MIddleton as the result of rivalry
for the affections of Miss Cassle Clawson,
occurred to-day. District Attorney Dozler
•will ask Mrs. Yeakey to-morrow to swear
to a complaint against Middleton. The
District Attorney is far from willing to
3et the case drop. The belief is expressed
that some of the defensive testimony
given at the inquest was manufactured.
Mkldleton was visited In jail to-day by
his parents, Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Middle
ton, his brother-in-law, C. K. Parsons,
and Miss Cassle Clawson. The girl makes
no attempt to" hide her affection for the
prisoner.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, June 17.—
Edward Playfair AndersonTwho has oc
cupied the position of assistant professor
of English Philosophy during the past
year, was to-day appointed assistant
librarian of the University Library.
Stanford's Assistant Librarian.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. June 17.—
Frederick Huntlngton Bartlett, a former
instructor In English at the university,
was married to-day to Miss Eleanor
Brooks Pearson, another recent member
of the English department. In Brookllne,
Mass. The wedding took place from the
home of the bride's uncle, Charles Pear
son, and the couple left at once on a bi
cycle trip in the Adirondack Mountains
for their honeymoon.
Former Stanford Instructors Wed.
Sons of American Revolution.
The California Society of the Sons of
the American Revolution held a banquet
last evening. at the California Hotel in
honor of Bunker Hill day. Fifty mem
bers of the society were present. W. J.
Dutton, the president, acted as toastmas
ter. During the. evening Edward M. Ad
ams read a paper on "The Battle of
Bunker Hill and Its Far-Reaching Re
sults." Thi3 was followed by a general
discussion by the members of the society.
Fugitives Still at, Large.
SAN RAFAEL. June 17.-Edward
Clough and John Phillips, the two pris
oners who escaped from the guards at
Fort Baker yesterday, have not been re
captured. All last night soldiers from,
Fort Baker patrolled the approaches U>
the town of Sausalito, while others
watched along the county roads, but no
Uace of the ml3slng men could be found.
A farmer living several miles from this
city claims to have seen the fugitives yes
terday afternoon coming toward this city.
Fire to Check Grasshoppers.
VACAVILLE, June 17.— Soiano County's
Supervisors to-day authorized Supervisor
Buckingham to condemn and burn all
fields infested with grasshoppers.
Shoots Wife and Takes Poison.
VANCOUVER, Wash., June 17.— James
Hickey shot his wife this afternoon at
her home on Fourth place and then at
tempted suicide by poison. Hickey and
his wife had separated some time ago.
Both will die.
SKETCHES OF SOME O7 THE PATRIOTS WHO ATTENDED THE CELEBRATION OF BUNKER HILL DAY AT
LOS GATOS YESTERDAY, DRAWN FROM LIFE BY ONE OF THE CLEVER CARTOONISTS OF THE CALL
STAFF.
FORTLAND, Or.. June 17.— The Su
preme Lodge, Ancient Order of United
Workmen, to-day elected the following
officers: Supreme master, Webb McNall,
Kansas; supreme foreman, C. R. Matson.
Illinois; supreme overseer. W. H. Miller,
Missouri; supreme recorder, M. W. Sack
ett, Pennsylvania: supreme receiver, J. J.
Ackerman, New York; supreme guide, L..
C. Merrill, New Hampshire; supreme
watch, B. S. Ritchie (re-elected), Mani
toba; supreme medical examiner, Dr. D.
H. Shields (re-elected), Missouri.
Supreme Lodge Officers.
Miss Nlerhoff, the murdered man's
daughter, was an interested spectator.
She was becomingly attired in black, as
was her mother, and appeared to be in
deep sorrow.
AUBURN, June 17.— The inquest into
the N'erhoff murder case began this even
ing, but was continued until to-morrow,
owing to the absence of District Attorney
Chamberlain. Drs. Couture and Snypp.
who performed the autopsy on Nierhoff's
body, were examined as to the cause of
death. They said that powder marks were
visible on the old rancher's body, indl
catiner that William Glover's rifle was dis
charged at close range.
A. P. Whitall, a neighbor of the dead
man, testified that William Glover called
at his house at neon on the day of the
thooting and wanted to borrow his shot
gun, lhat evening, after the murder, a
brother of Glover called on him and said
that Will had "got old man Nlerhoff." •
Conversation With One of the
Glovers.
Witness at the Inquest Tells of a
BOASTS THAT BROTHER
"GOT OLD TVTAN NIERHOIT"
Oregon— Emil Christensen, Portland,
variable speed sheave; Charles W. Gard
ner. Portland, gold separator.
Washington — Joseph P. Adams, Gar
field, bag holder; John H. Eversz, Walla
Valla, poultry roost; John B. Mahana
and W. P. Ely, Kelso, voting machine;
Alpheus E. Roe, New Whatcom, assignor
to himself and B. Cornwall, San Fran
cisco, gang edger sawing machine.
These patents were issued to-day: Cali
fornia—Tillie Bambauer. Volta, pillow
sham holder; William N. Best, Los An
geles, assignor's two-thirds to J. H. and
J. E. Best, Quincy. 111., apparatus for
supplying air and hydrocarbon; Walter
R. Bowen. San Francisco, soap cake;
Payette Dyer, Pasadena, assignor pne
half to H. T. Hazard and G. E. Harp
ham, Los Angeles, hinge; Edmund C.
Gladwln. Oakland, mustache guard;
George Hare, Los Angeles, bronzing ma
chine: Harry Maxwell. West Oakland,
locomotive valve gear; Valerius Y. Smith,
Oakland, hand rock drill; Charles H.
Tracy, Berkeley, and F. C. Gould, Ala
meda. attachment for letter boxes; Henry
Vogeler, Newcastle, electric bee hive
heater.
Rural free delivery will be established
August 1 at Penryn, Placer County; Santa
Cruz, Santa Cruz County (additional serv
ice), and Visalia, Tulare County, Cal.
An army order announces that Contract
Surgeon Joseph W. Walsh, now at San
Francisco, is ordered to Brooklyn, N. Y.,
for annulment of contract.
WASHINGTON. June 17.— The Postof
fice Department to-day announced: Post
office established: Oregon— Nugget. Doug
las County. Postmasters commissioned;
California— Robert K. Cairns, Surrey.
Oregon— William J. Turpidge, Crabtree;
Benjamin F. Sanders, Nugget. "Washing
ton—William B. Gray, Pasco. Appoint
ed: California— J. W. Wood, Ben Hur,
Maripcsa County, vice C. S. Hatch, de
ceased; T. H. Steinmeyer, Januel, San
Diego County, vice C. E. Hill, resigned.
Washington— J.- E. Young, Evergreen,
Jefferson County, vice Clement Johnson,
deceased.
and a Number of Patents
Granted.
Changes Hade in the Postal Service
of"interest~to people
of the pacific coast
To rescue the man and woman was
more difficult. Craig could not lift them
and Smith finally jumped into the court
and braving the intense heat lifted first
the woman and then the man to Craig,
who pulled them through the window.
Smith was rescued a moment later by
the firemen.
Craig and Smith knew of this court and
going to an adjoining building tried to
reach the imprisoned family from win
dows ten feet from the ground. Finally
Craig threw himself backward out of the
window and catching his feet in the cas
ing hung head downward while the ter
rorized mother passed her children to
him.
In the rear of the place is a small court,
six by eight feet, and on the same level
as ' the floor. Into this brick inclosed
place, the family retreated. Soon the
flames began shooting from the windows
behind them and they had to hug the
cement floor.
LOS ANGELES, June 17.— The heroism
of Patrolman D. L. Craig and J. H. Smith,
a bartender, saved four persons from
death by fire at 1 o'clock this
morning. The fire was In the' store of
Morris Dench at 335 North Main street.
Dench, his wife and two children, aged 2
and 5 years, were sleeping In the rear of
the store. They were awakened by the
heat, but there was no way out of the
building except through the store, which
was a mass of flames.
Hemmed In by Walls of
Fire.
Heroic Rescue of Los Angelenos
TWO BRAVE MEN SAVE
LIVES OF FOUR PERSONS
An investigation to-day developed that
more than a score of persons who par
took of the social- refreshments suffered
an attack and still others who had eaten
but lightly were strangely distressed af
ter retiring. Those who partook of only
the sherbet was not affected. The ice
cream caused the trouble. The physicians
believe that the vanila with which the
icecream was flavored caused the sick
ness. It was purchased on the day of th.3
pceial by the preparation committee. All
of the guests affected have now fully re
covered.
REDDING. June 17.— The Bunker Hill
social given by the Ladies' Aid Society of
the Methodist church at the W. M. Cum
mings home on Pine street last night was
largely . attended and the guests partooK
of icecream and pineapple sherbet be
neath lantern-Illuminated trees on the
lawn. They dispersed at 11 o'clock.
Soon after midnight the telephone bells
In doctors' houses set up a chime. The
medicine men were wanted in many parts
of town by persons who had been guests
at the social. The doctors found their
patients suffering from the effects of
poisoning.
J. R. Howell of East street and his
wife and little daughter were seriously af
fected. Dr. C. H. Wheeler found difficulty
In bringing relief to Mrs. HoweU and the
little one. Mr. Howell suffered less acute
ly. Charles Stever of South Market
street was attacked by violent cramps.
As his wife was attending him she was
suddenly stricken with the same aliment.
Then Miss Lola Stever ran to her par
ents' relief, but she, too, was soon very
ill. Lawrence Stever defied his own pain
and summoned help.
Special IMspatch to The CalL
The convicts have the advantage of be
ing perfectly familiar with the country,
Merrill having been reared here. The
country is admirably adapted to their pur
poses, being thickly covered with brush.
The officers, however, regard as excellent
their chance of capturing the desperadoes
during the next twelve hours.
At 8 o'clock this morning Deputy War
den Carson arrived from Walla Walla
with bloodhounds. Carson, with the dogs,
left here at 9 o'clock with Sheriff Marsh,
Sheriff Cook of Clackamas County, Detec
tives Kerrigan, Day, Snow and several
others, from Portland, and forty or fifty
armed men. including Captain Sparks and
twenty volunteer? from Company G, Na
tional Guard of Washington.
BLOODHOUNDS ON THAIL.
They had gone but a short distance
•when three rifle shots eame from the
brush near the roadside, and the guards
drove for their lives. Five bullets were
gent after them. The first struck a horse
end passed under Blesecker's right arm,
cutting a clean hole through the side of
his coat; another wounded a horse in the
head, a third grazed a horse's side, and a
fourth cut through the harness. The men
reached town soon after 2 o'clock and re
ported to Sheriff Marsh.
A battle occurred about 2 o'clock this
morning between Bert Biesecker and Lon
Davis, two members of Sheriff Marsh's
posse, and Tracy and Merrill, in which
eleven rifle shots were exchanged. Bie
zsecker had a narrow escape, his clothing
'being pierced by a bullet. At 11 o'clock
last night Biesecker and Davis Baw two
men go down to Salmon Creek and get a
drink at a point about six miles north of
Vancouver. The watchers were not cer
tain of the identity of the pair and halted
until the latter again approached the
road. The guards then advanced and
when about thirty yards distant Biesecker
sent a rifle shot in the direction of the
supposed convicts. The fire was prompt
ly returned and six shots were exchanged,
rone of which took effect, so far as
known.
Both parties then took to cover. After
•waiting in their hiding place for more
than an hour, the guards moved up a
quarter of a mile, where their horses were
tied. They again lay in wait another half
hour, in t'he hope of seeing the fugitives,
but nothing occurred ana they got into
their burgJ' and started toward town.
The posse came up scarcely an hour
afterward and at once started in hot pur
6ult Several miles beyond Pioneer Church
the track of the fugitives was lost, but
Is Delieved they passed the main road
leading off the Pioneer road to La Center
and continued north along a trail through
the woods, which follows the Lewis River
toward Lewisville.
EABLY MORNING BATTLE.
VANCOUVER, Yfash.. June 17.— Tracy
and Merrill, the murderous convicts, who
have been chased for eight days, are still
at large to-night, but a posse in charge of
Sheriff Marsh of Clark County Is close
en their heels near La Center, a village
twenty miles from Vancouver. The fugi
tives were seen several times during the
«iay and at 7:30 o'clock a telephone mes
sage from Sheriff Marsh at La Center an
nounced that they had passed Pioneer
Church, six miles southeast of La Center
and fourteen miles from here, late in the
afternoon. They were on horseback, hav
ing stolen two horses from 'the farm of
John Rathburn after ' holding up Rath
burn's father-in-law, William Kauzler.
After securing the horses the outlaws
rode rapidly to Pioneer Church, two
miles west, and then turned north in the
direction of La Center and Lewisville, on
Lewis River.
The blaze started in the varnishing or
finishing room on the fourth floor and
spread with unusual quickness to the
other floors, which were packed with the
most inflammable sort of material in the
shape of furniture, rattan, baby carriages
and go-carts. For two hours the firemen
fought the flames from places of danger,
finally subduing them, but not until the
building had been rendered a mere shell
of four walls.
The Heywood Brothers & Wakefleld
Company is a wholesaler of furniture,
with factories in San Francisco. Chicago
and Gardner and Wakefleld, Mass. As
sistant Manager Skellenger said that fif
teen carloads of furniture had just been
placed in the building as part of the stock.
The building was 100 by 1*0 feet in dimen
sions, four stories high, and was owned by
O. T. Johnson of this city.
LOS ANGELES, June 17.— One of the
fiercest blazes the local fire department
has had to deal with in a long time occur
red between 7 and 8 o'clock to-night. The
four-story brick building at the southeast
corner of Seventh and Main streets, used
as a furniture warehouse and occupied by
the Heywood Brothers & Wakefleld Com
pany, was entirely destroyed, together
with its contents. The loss on the stock
is given at about $125,000, and on the build
ing at $35,000. Both were fully insured.
A second theory has to do with the do
mestic troubles of Mrs. Moore. Shs is a
married woman with two young children,
but some time ago her husband deserted
her. He was regarded as a shiftless fel
low. Several days ago Moore was re
ported to have been seen In this county. It
is the opinion of a few that there la some
connection between hia reappearance and
Sunday night's affair. Mrs. Moore could
not identify her assailant in. the darkness
and was too excited to give a description
of him.
Several theories are given as to the
cause o* the assault. For the past few
weeks Nevada women have been ter
rorized by an unknown man, who at
tacks them on dark streets. It is believed
this man was the assailant of Mrs. Moore.
NEVADA, June 17.— Mrs. EUhu Moore, a
young woman of this city, was brutally
attacked by an unknown man late Sun
day night. Mrs. Moore was on her way
home from town and was passing a de
serted spot on the road when suddenly a
man appeared ahead of her. Before she
could call for help or attempt to escape
the fellow had seized her and waa at
tempting: to hurl her to the ground. Mrs.
Moore Is possessed of strength and fear
steeled her muscles. The struggle was
desperate. Finally, with an almost super
human effort, she broke from his grasp,
but not until her clothing was torn from
her body. Mrs. Moore ran up the road and
managed to elude her brutal pursuer until
she reached home. She was In an ex
hausted condition, but managed to tell her
story sufficiently to make clear the cause
of her pitiable plight.
As soon as possible the young woman's
father, Levi Nicholson, who is employed
in the Champion mine, was Informed and
a posse started in search of the assailant.
Its efforts were not successful and tha
culprit is still at large.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Stranger After Desperate
Struggle.
Frees Herself From Grasp of
Give Battle to Pursuers and
Steal- Two Horses From
a Farmer^
Heywocd Erotliers & Wake
fisld Company Loses Stock
andBuilding.
Find a Score of Patients Suf
fering From Effects of
Poison.
Tracy and Merrill Rob
and Fight While
They Flee.
Redding Doctors Keep
Busy After Church
Social.
Attack.
Mrs. Moore of Nevada
Victim of Brutal
Destroy Large Furniture
Warehouse in Los
Angeles.
ILLNESS FOLLOWS
ICECREAM REVEL
WOMAN WORSTS
HER ASSAILANT
FUMES WRECK
BLOCK OF BRICK
FUGITIVES LEAD
STRENUOUS LIFE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WJ5DJN J5S1>AY, J UNE 18, 1902.
Delightful Day Is Spent at Los Gatos by flembers of
Patriotic and Civic Societies.
MAYOR SCHMITZ THE ORATOR
OF BUNKER HILL CELEBRATION
3
DOAN'S KIPNEY PILLS.
IF WOMEN ONLY KNEW
j Hard to do housework with an aching back— |
I Hours of misery, at leisure or at work — no rest day or night — |j
I Ache, ache, all the time. |
a If women only knew the cause . |
j what r: lot of happiness it would bring to i |
i San Francisco homes. • gl
I Backache pains come from sick kidneys. They're a cry for |
I help that the little filters send out when they can't do the 1
1 work nature gives them to do. i
I Doan's Kidney Pills g
1 Cure backache and lame back — Kidney and urinary trouble |
j of every sort. ... p
\i No doubt about it — Not the slightest. |
1 SAN FRANCISCO WOMEN I
[ say so. Women who have suffered — who are now well and 1
strong. Here is proof of it: B
p Mrs. Jennie Huntington, 146 Eleventh fit., says: "Kidney complaint and H
li rheumatism have clung to me for years. During the attacks I can only de- n
li scribe my suffering as excruciating. For three weeks before my son went tp
Q to the Owl Drug Co., 1128 Market St., for Doan's Kidney Pills my back ached ti
H so that I could scarcely stand It; In fact, it was sore to the touch. To H
0 straighten was impossible and to stoop was just as bad. I knew from the B
M excessive action of the kidney secretions both night and day that my kid- [3
IS neys were at fault, but what to do to check the trouble was a mystery. It
II every one in Ean Francisco receives as undoubted benefit frOm : the us© of H
8 Doan's Kidney Pills as I backache and kidney complaint will cease." li
Doan's Kidney Pills are for sale at all drug stores, 50c a box. M
Foster-MHIburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y. M
Cool bummer Suits .
f^S^^^f^X During these warm summer days you appreciate
j '^|?^' rv' - gIlt . clotmn £- Some men prefer dark materials light
I j %&\ j£ M\ m weight. For them we have a serge at $9.00 that is V i^^^^^BlaF^Z^ 1
/ • l^L^ j^V > a\ a " wo °l> tast colored, light in weight and already to / J&P^&rF/
'/ i^«5* !> Y^i^\ \\ P ut °. n « an .d i fc W 'H fit- Others prefer materials that f&> *j >*£$£/
'/ A\ j^ ils^^^S. \\ are H&ht in color as well as in weight. For them we V>^ **£?? (
W^^^^^^^^^lMfiMiH H4 to our 00 suits > a s they make such good garments — — i^^f^S^^^^^^K
1 Ms^m^Ww^^^W i^^WmUm \V\ * or summer wear. A summer suit is often worn for / $32&tti *^4J%^Z&t*2&*S.
I jJSHW WlffiSl Illlffi X pnly three months - Wh y b "y ™ expensive suit when / -, WM$ [&£j^l§§S§fc^ ,
' /iWlifi MPW& \ ISm • > ' our s at $9.00 will fill the bill completely? When you / /iL'^Mw^^f^^^^^W
I W^fllBiiii wil» iib see the suits you win vvonder how we can sel1 such '-^^^Pn^^^^^^^l I
wii $A mI I I ' The reason is we are manufacturers and sell direct \A,{ V^&}'JiP\T^^^^^^v/
I'MBI «! f \\ t to y°"— the middlemen's profit is your saving. 1 1}//// lfVfJftvJ yS§§ESft I'/
W-^W if f ww* • ? I • 1 Our clothi ng is a11 union " made and bcars the M : M'N//Mjl// ; ( ! ' nlsf ///
> i' -¦&$ iW§v M li H'll / dollar we advise your coming before the assortment ft 1 j! Kr.ij \\V\\ \ \\\ \\
1 1 ]• wl 'i I r Wm In • c su ' ts <ire natt y little garments for boys from ,1 \\ l i '\ ||jj]| \\\\\\\ V '«a
i ; i'**I'i 11 i ifjtf^l '! / to_ 12 years. The value of the suits, taking the usual \ Ji mW \ vil I 'W ':
v ; . 7 18 Market Street- . iZZf^The Pacific Coast Horticultural Society
met last night and decided to hold the an
nual summer flower show In the grand
nave of the Ferry building from August
14 to 16. After the closing night of the
show there will be a grand promenade
concert in the ferry building. Music will
be furnished by a superb band of sixteen
pieces. The committee in charge is striv
ing to make the coming show a success,
and judging from the amount of interest
taken in the venture it should eclipse any
thing of its kind ever before held under
the auspices of the society. The society
has accepted the invitation extended by
John Rock, an extensive florist of Niles,
to visit his place on July 6. A grand re
union and outing will take place and new
achievements in the culture of flowers
will be discussed.
Plans for Annual Display in
Ferry Building.
Pacific Coast Horticultural Society-
WIIxIi H0I*D GRAND
IXORAX EXHIBITION
Al Neill and Young Gibbs have not
signed articles to fight before the Twen
tieth Century Club this month. The club
officials have not posted their forfeit and
the boxers are afraid the fight cannot be
held under the law. There will be an
other conference to-day. -
Ed Neaves is also bringing out a num
ber of greyhounds formerly owned by
Russell, Allen & Wilson. They are all
carefully selected and are expected to
prove high-class performers.
Jimmie Britt has been matched to fight
Perry Queenan in Portland early next
month. Queenan has defeated Dal Haw
kins and others recently.
William McCaffrey, the trainer, is com
ing West with Ralph Orthwein's kennel
of greyhounds from St. Louis. Sisquoc
and others are in the string. They will
remain until late in the year.
A meeting of the San Francisco Scot
tish Bowling Club will be held Friday
night in Scottish Hall to make arrange
ments for a series of games during the
coming season. It is expected the new
green in Golden Gate Park will be ready
for use in two months.
Sports Jottings.
Joe Carroll secured the decision over
Joe Hall after four rounds. Hall's game
ness was his only qualification.
Jerry Kenny and Perry Walker fur
nished the comedy element of the even
ing. Walker could not fight and ran
around the ring to avoid the attacks of
Kenny. Referee McDevitt stopped the
comedy in the third.
Lew Powell stopped Charles Augustus
in three rounds. The latter was down
eight seconds and his seconds threw up
the sponge to save him from punishment.
Pete Manning defeated Jimmy Little
after four desperate rounds. They ex
changed blow for blow throughout and
it seemed the fight would end any mo
ment. Manning was game and won in
the last few moments of the contest. '
Joe Reilly beat Ed Parker after one of
the greatest fights ever seen at one of
the minor clubs. Reilly proved a verit
able fighting machine and never gave
Parker a moment's rest. The fourth round
was all fighting, with Reilly doing the
most effective work. This -won him. the
decision. ¦
The winner did the cleanest hitting in
the first, third and fourth rounds. He
set a whirlwind pace in the first and was
all over. Attell. The latter evened mat
ters up in the second round. Driscoll then
forced the fighting until the end, with At
tell always ready to mix matters.
Barney Driscoll was given the decision
over Monte Attell in a four-round boxing
bout last night in Mechanics' Pavilion
Annex. The judges -called it a draw. As
this is not permitted under the rules,
Referee McDevitt properly cast the de
ciding vote in favor of Driscoll.
Judges Call It a Tie, but the
Referee's Vote Decides
Contest.
Desperate Four - Round
Fight Between the
Amateurs;
DRISCOLL WINS
FROM ATTELL
Movements of Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 17— Stmr Frled
erlch der Grosse, from Bremen.
Sailed June 17 — Stmr Ausruste Victoria, for
Hamburg; stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der Grosse
for Bremen; stmr Teutonic, for Liverpool- 8 tm r
Patricia, for Hamburg; stmr Bovic. for Liver
pool.
sia^m^w *"» FUrDeS 
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 17— Stmr Ulto
nia, from Boston; stmr Vancouver, from Bos-
ROTTERDAM — Arrived June 17 — Stmr
Rhyndam, from New York
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEWCASTLE. Australia— Arrived prior to
June 17 — Br atmr Adato, from Manila.
SYDNEY — Arrived prior to June 17 — Stmr
Ventura, hence May 22, via Honolulu, etc.
HONGKONG— Arrived June Id— Stmr Peru,
hence May 17. •
PORT SAID— Arrived June 15— Br stmr Pop
lar Branch, from New York, for Manila.
ANTWERP — Sailed June 14 — Br ship Mus
koka, for Vancouver; Br ship Clan Robertson,
for San . Francisco. .
CHERBOURG — Arrived June 12 — Fr bark
Belen, from Antweru.
FALMOUTH— Sailed June 15— Br ship Craig
erne, for Sharpness.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed June 13— Br stmr Em
press of China, for Vancouver.
GIBRALTAR— Passed June 16— Br stmr
Ping Suey, frbm Clyde, for Puget Sound, via
China. . ;
VANCOUVER— Sailed June 17— Stmr Mel
ville Dollar, for St Michael.
Arrived and sailed June 17 — Br stmr Prin
cess May, for Skaeway.
FOREIGN PORTS.
• NEW YORK— Arrived June 17— Stmr Fi
nance, from Colon.
Cleared June 16 — Ship E B Sutton, for Ma
nila.
EASTERN PORT.
for San Francisco; Br stmr Indravelll, for
Hongkong.
SEATTLE— Sailed June 17— Stmr Lyra, for
Nome; stmr Robert Dollar, for San Pedro; Jap
stmr Tosa Maru, for Hongkong. June 10 —
Bark Diamond Head, for Honolulu.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18.
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is. the same at both places.
NEW YORK, June 17.— Sheepshead Bay r«
sults:
First race, six furlongs — Gunfire won, Tho
Rival second, Amlcita third. Time, 1:14 2-5.
Second race, one mile, selling — Criterion won,
Ascension second. Locket third. Time, 1:40 3-5.
Third race, the Foam stakes, for two-year
olds, five furlongs— Sir Voorhees won. Short
hose second. Ringdove third. Time. 1 :00 4-5.
Fourth race, the Coney Island handicap, six
furlongs — Hatasoo won. Lady Tinea's second.
Himself third. Time. 1:14 1-5.
• Fifth race, five and a half furlongs — Wax
Candle won, Acef ull second, ! FltsbriUar third.
Time. 1:07 2-5.. . ,. . ..
Sixth race, handicap, mile and a sixteenth,
on the turf — Roehampton won. St. Finnan sec
ond. Moore third. Time, 1:4S 2-5. :
ST. LOUIS. June 16. — Fair Grounds results:
First race, four and a half furlongs — Avoid
won. Grand Shot second, Happy Chappy third.
Time. :55.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling — Chan
terelle won. Taby Tosa second. Little Master
third. Time, 1:28
Third race, steeplechase, about a mile and a
quarter — Dr. Newlln won. Buck O'Dowd second,
Pat My Boy third. -Time. 2:24%.
Fourth race, selling, six furlongs — Miss Go
llghtly wen, Lakeview Belle second, Lofter
third. Time. 1:14%.
Fifth race, mile and seventy yards — Prosper
La Gal won. Rollick second, Helen Print third.
Time. 1:44^4.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Santa Ventura won,
Rai.dazzo second, Hl-Nock-Er third. Time,
l:15>/i. v
CINCINNATI. June 17. — Latonla summaries:
First race, seven furlongs— Ethel Davis won,
Succasunna second, The Messenger third. Time,
1:29.
Second race, five furlongs — Twollck won.
Flora. Willoughby second, Goo-Goo third. Time,
1:02.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles — Ed
gardo won. Baffled second, Lutes Fonso third.
Time, 1:48%-
Fourth race, the Brewers' handicap, six fur
longs, value $1770 — Sevoy won. Jack Ratlin
aecona. Firing Line third. Time. l:14Vi.
Fifth race, handicap, five and a half fur
longs — Lural Lighter won, Londin - second,
Prism third. Time, 1:08%.
Sixth race, seven furlongs — Foundling won,
Optimo second, dales third. Time, 1:29.
CHICAGO, June 17.— Harlem results:
First race, five furlongs — Lady Matchless
won, Topsoll second, Flo Carllne third. Time,
1:01 3-5.
Second race, one mile — Scarlet Lily won,
Bragg second, Jaubert third. Time, 1:42 3-5.
Third race. Graduate stakes, $1500 added,
five furlongs — Allan won, Watkins Overton sec
ond. High Chancellor third. Time, 1:01.
Fourth race, one mile — Ethel Wheat won,
Autollght second, Hoodwink third. Time,
1:44 1-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Burnle Bunton won.
Gonfalon second. Ice King third. Time. 1:14.
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — Cher
ished won, John McGurk second, Rasselas
third. Time, 1:55.
Seventh race, one and an eighth miles — Ban
ish won. Star Cotton second, Hub Prather
third. Time. 1:56 4-5.
BUFFALO, N. T,, June 17.— Fort Erie re
sults:
First race, seven furlongs — Mollie Spencer
won, Wlrlne second, The Commoner third.
Time. 1:30. . .
Second race, four and a half furlongs — F. G.
Gcode won. Woolsack second, Will Shields
third. Time, :58.
Third race, one mile — Beguile won, Hun
tressa second. Cad Hazel third. Time, 1 :42.
Fourth race, five furlongs— Stunts won. Sir
Gallant second, Au Fait third. Time, 1:08%.
Fifth race, five furlongs — Brissao won, t J.
Patrick second. Ringleader third. Time, 1:17%.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Messina won. Eau
Claire second, The Elba third. Time, 1:17.
RACES IN THE EAST.
In the race for the Prince of Wales
stake Ard Patrick, the Derby winner,
was a hot favorite at 2 to 1 on. The
horses finished as follows: The Duke of
Westminster's Cup Bearer (M. Cannon)
won; J. Gubbins' Ard Patrick (Martin),
second; Arthur James' Perseus (Maher),
third. Seven horses started. An objec
ti6n was lodged against Cup Bearer on
the ground of bumping and boring. The
stewards sustained the objection and Ard
Patrick, who was three-fourths of a
length behind, was awarded the race. The
Duke of Devonshire's Cheers, ridden by
Spencer, was placed third.
This cleared the way for the big race
of the day, the Ascot Stakes handicap of
twenty sovereigns each, which was won
by Scullion. Carabine finished second,
and Rambling Katie ran third. Thirteen
horses started.
LONDON, June 17.— The royal proces
sion left Windsor Castle for Ascot Heath
shortly before 1 p. m. Although King Ed
v/ard was unable to attend the races
Queen Alexandra, the Prince and Princess
of Wales, the Duke of Cambridge, the
Duke and Duchess of Connaught and the
other guests at the castle and members
of the court all participated. The proces
sion was the first full state parade of
that description since the. death of the
Prince Consort, and consisted .of eignt
carriages, each drawn by four horses.
The mounted equerries and gayly liveried
postilions and outriders formed an im
posing cavalcade. •.
Leaving the 1 palace quadrangle by the
George IV gate, the royal cortege drove
down the famous Long Walk, wiiich was
lined with cheering crowds, and, crossing
the review grounds, the procession reacn
ed the New Miles Gate and passed up
the course to' the royal pavilion.
In spite of the inclemency of the weath
er immense crowds assembled about the
course and . the royal party wa3 every
where warmly welcomed. The royal en
closure was brilliant with colors" and the
picturesque costumes of Indian princes.
A large number of special Krabas
sadors, colonial premiers and diplomats,
including Henry White, Secretary of the
UniteajStates Embassy, and Mrs. White;
John R. Carter, Second Secretary of the
Embassy, and Miss Carter and Miss
Choate were in attendance. Mesdames
Montgomery-Sears and Adair and
other Americans were also present
in the enclosure. United States Embas
sador Choate, Mrs. ' Choate, Whitelaw
Reid, the special Embassadorof the Unit
eu States, and Mrs. Reid did not go to
Ascot. All the big houses in and around
Ascot contributed their quota to the fash
icnable throng.
The gold vase of 200 sovereigns, given
by the King for three-year-olds, was won
by George Faber's Ice Maiden. Rock
Sand (Maher) won the Coventry Stake3.
The La Fleche filly (Martin) was second,
and Red Lily third.
Scullion the Winner of the
Big Event at the
Track.
Alexandra Rides in State
to Famous Ascot
Heath.
KING'S CONSORT
SEES THE RACES
SAN DIEGO— Arrived June 17— U S stmr
Alert, hence June 13.
EUREKA — Arrived June 17 — Stmr Pomona,
hence June 16.
Sailed June 17 — Schr Mary Buhne, for San
Francisco; stmrs North. Fork and Iaq.ua, for
San Francisco. * _
EANDON — Arrived Juno 17 — Schr Coqullle,
hence June 3.
BOWENS LANDING — Arrived June 17 —
Stmr Scotia, hence June 16.
TACOMA— Sailed- June 17— Schr John A
Campbell and schr Marlon, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 17— Stmrs Se
quuia and Ruth, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY — Passed out June. 17 — Stmr
Despatch, from Madison, for San Diego; ship
Kennebec, from Port Blakeley, for Boston;
stmr Aztec, from Nanalmo, for San Francisco;
stmr Melville Dollar, from Seattle, for St
Michael.
Passed In June 17 — U S stmr Commodore
Perry, hence June 12, for Seattle.
PORT KEN YON— Sailed June 16, 6 p m—
Stmr Ariro. for San Francteco.
ASTORIA — Sailed June 17 — Stmr Columbia,'
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, June 17, 10 p m— Weather
hazy; wind W, velocity 6 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Tuesday, June 17.
Etmr Samoa,' Olsen, Ban Pedro. .
Stmr Phoenix, Ordland, Mendoclno.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Ginsy, Ewanson, Santa Cruz. '
Stmr Whilesboro, Oisen, .
Stmr Celia, Hogan, — — . .
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, Coos Bay.
Bktn Katie FHckinger. Zenthner, Tacoma.
Schr Ida A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
Tuesday, Juna 17.
Stmr Chas Nelson, Schrage, Seattle; E T
Kruse. . /
Ship Spartan, McArthur. Port Townsend;
Bellingham Bay Improvement Co.
Br ship Crocodile, "Wilson, Queenstown; G W
McNear.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, June 17.
Stmr Fulton, Lee, 60 hours from San Pedro.
Stmr Samoa, Olsen, 10 'hours from Bowens
Landing; bound south; put in to land pas
sengers.
Stmr Coronafio, Petersen, 50 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Argo, Dunham, 23 hours from Eel
River.
Schr Newark, Nielsen, 9 hours from Walsh
Landing.
Schr S Danlelson. Lareen, 18 hours from
Blhlers Point.
The British chip Crocodile was cleared yester
day for Queenstown for orders with S4.811 ctls.
wheat, valued at $95,500 and 27,000 feet lumber
as dunnage, valued at $405.
A Wheat Clearance.
Schooner Vine Arrives.
The schooner Vine, once Captain Burns'
3-acht. has completed another of her marvelous
voyages. Ehe left Salina Cruz 103 days ago for
Grays Harbor. Shs reached her destination
on Monday evening. The Vine is famous for
her leisurely gait and slender larder. Every
time ehe has made a clow passage it has been
a case of short rations for all hands. The
\-oyage from Salina Cruz to Grays Harbor
usually takes an industrious calling vessel from
thirty to forty days. The Vine left Salina Cruz
provisioned for a trip of two months. She was
more than three months on the way, and when
tb« lighthouse tender Manzanita spoke her a
few days ago oft Cape Flattery ehe was not
The British ship Leicester Castle is chartered
for wheat and barley to Europe at 25s; old form
charter. v,
The bark Aurora loads lumber et ChemalnuB
for Sydney (terms private).
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Reinsurance on the British bark Patterdale
from Newcastle for Valparaiso was yesterday
advanced to 55 per cent. The H. F. Glade and
the Elliot at 95 per cent and 90 per cent, re
spectively, will probably be posted next month
as missing. ... %
Advance of Kate.
The owners of the steamship Isls have agreed
to the terms submitted at Sandy Point for re
pairs of the damage done when the liner went
ashore a few days ago in the Straits of Magel
lan. The cost will be £4000, and it will take
nineteen days In which to do the work.
Repairs "Will Be Costly.
Major General Lloyd Wheaton and Brig
adier General Snyder are returning on
the Sherman, which is also bringing home
580 enlisted men of the Sixth Infantry,
568 enlisted men of the Nineteenth Infan
try, 51 sick, 11 insane and 42 discharged
men.
THE army transport officials are
preparing for a season of hard
work In the near future. They
are now engaged in getting the
Warren ready for sea, and before
they get through with her the transports
Kilpatrick, Hancock and Sherman will bo
inside the Golden Gate.
The Kilpatrick left Nagasaki May 29,
and is due here to-day. The Hancock left
Nagasaki June 3, and on June 4 the Sher
man sailed from the Japanese port. The
Hancock has on board 443 enlisted men of
the Ninth Infantry, probably the most
famous fighting organization in the serv
ice of the United States. The Ninth has
seen much fighting, has paid to the war
god a big tribute in brave lives and has
rendered invaluable service to the cause
of the administration in the Philippines.
In addition to this remnant of the Ninth
the Hancock is bringing fifty prisoners
and S14 casuals and recruits.
The United States revenue cutter Hugh Mc-
Culloch, Captain Coulsen commanding, sailed
yesterday for a practice cruise. She will go
to Magdalena Bay. where all her batteries will
be brought into commission and where officers
and crew will be Riven an opportunity to show
what they can do behind gun3 large and small.
McCulloch on Practice Cruise.
The schooner Newark, which arrived yester
day nine hours from Bowens Landing, made
the record trip for the run and beat the little
steamship Samoa, which left the landing ahead
of her by Just one hour. The Samoa is a fast
boat of her class and Captain Olsen helped out
his propeller with all the sail he could carry.
Each skipper got the best he could out of his
boat, but ten hours was the best in which the
Samoa could make the trip.
Sail Outfoots Steam.
only out of food but short of water. Sh» will
probably load lumber at Grays Harbor for San
Francisco.
LEISURELY SCHOONER VINE.WHICH ARRIVED A FEW DATS AGO OF:
CAPE FLATTERY AFTER ANOTHER LONG VOYAGE WITHOUT FOO!
OR WATER, AND THE LIGHTHOUSE TENDER MANZANITA.
FROM SEATTLE,
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at "noon to-day,
I. e.. at noon or the 120th meridian, or at 8
p, m., Greenwich time.
Nautical ' Expert! in • chargs.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
June 17. 1902. ¦ :
Time Ball.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given, in the left
hand' column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the . last tide of . th*
day, except when there are but three tides, as
somotime3 occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundjngs of the United State*
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference is. the mean
of the lower low waters. ¦
Sun riees 4:47
S'.m sets .........;........ 7:34
Moon sets ' ......3:03 a. m.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1902.
Kilpatrick Is Due To=Day and Hancock and Sherman
Will Follow Close on Her Heels.
THREE BIG ARMY TRANSPORTS
WILL BE HERE IN A FEW DAYS
4
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
i
. _
. —
l"^" 12 - £T P °, rt & Wft y Ports. June 18
Sequoia Redondo June 18
Tampico Kahulul .... June 18
w e ,i^ a^;" * ' £ ew York vla Panama. June 18
Wellington. . . Comox j une j|
Arctic Humboldt June 18
l*W* Humboldt June 18
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 10
Eureka Seattle June 19
Pomona Humboldt June 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria June 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 19
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor June 19
Point Arena. Point Arena June 19
Crescent City Crescent City June 19
Aztec. Nanalmo June 20
S Barbara... Seattle June 20
C003 Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hongkong Ma china & Japan June 20
Hyades...... Honolulu June 20
Santa Monica Humboldt ..June 20
Olympic San Pedro June 20
Mandalay.... Coquille River June "0
Eureka Humboldt June 21
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports ....'. June 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Chehalis. . . . . San Pedro j une 23
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. June 23
Corona... Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 2(\
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports June 20
North Fork.. Humboldt June
Nevadan New York June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports June 27
Rainier Whatcom .• June27
China China & Japan June 28
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
June. 18.
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier 2
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier •>
Rival .. Willapa Harbor ...12 m Pier •>
Eureka Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 13
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Jnne "19. v
Lakme Portland & Way .. 10 am Pier' 2
Corona Newport & WayJPts 9 am Pier 11
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 20.
Acme Siualaw River — pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier "
Hathor.... Hamburg & Way Pier 10
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jnne 21.
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier —
laqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 28
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pl<?r 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :3o p Pier 11
Gaelic .* China & Japan ....I 1 pm PMSS
Alameda. .. Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Jnne 22. - .
Santa Rosa. San Diego &. Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 23.
Chehalls... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 24.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Tampico... Seattle & Honolulu pier
Jnne 25.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay. . Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Jnne 27.
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 28.
H. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
San Juan: . . Panama & Way Pts 12 m|PMSS
Steamer. I
For.
I Sails.
—
Dolphin...... Skagway & "Way Ports. Juno 18
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 1»
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-Ki Skagway . & Way Ports . June 20
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Spokane . Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way 'Ports. June 2S
Senator Nome '....July l
Oregon Nome ....'. July l
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July •>
Roanoke..... Nome &-St. Michael. .. July 3
0 Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. -- Ft. Ft. Ft.
» LW HW LW HW
18 4:00—0.111:00 4.2 3:20 2.9 9:47 5.5
19 4:39—0.8 11:45 4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18 0.4
20 6:12—0.3 12:29 4.4 4:40 2.8 10:47 5.2
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 ' 4.4 5:15 2.9|11:15 6.1
22 6:20—0.2 1:40*4.4 6:00 2.0 11:60 4.0
23 6:55 0.0 2:26 4.5 «:4« 3.ol
24 0:25 4.7| 7:20| 0.2 2:50| 4.C| 7:37 3.1
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
i
. _
. —
l"^" 12 - £T P °, rt & Wft y Ports. June 18
Sequoia Redondo June 18
Tampico Kahulul .... June 18
w e ,i^ a^;" * ' £ ew York vla Panama. June 18
Wellington. . . Comox j une j|
Arctic Humboldt June 18
l*W* Humboldt June 18
Mackinaw... Tacoma June 10
Eureka Seattle June 19
Pomona Humboldt June 10
Columbia.... Portland & Astoria June 19
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Ports June 19
San Pedro. . . . Grays Harbor June 19
Point Arena. Point Arena June 19
Crescent City Crescent City June 19
Aztec. Nanalmo June 20
S Barbara... Seattle June 20
C003 Bay.... San Pedro & Way Ports June 20
Hongkong Ma china & Japan June 20
Hyades...... Honolulu June 20
Santa Monica Humboldt ..June 20
Olympic San Pedro June 20
Mandalay.... Coquille River June "0
Eureka Humboldt June 21
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports ....'. June 21
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 22
San Juan Panama & Way Ports.. June 22
Chehalis. . . . . San Pedro j une 23
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Ports. June 21
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.. June 23
Corona... Newport & Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 2(\
Queen....... Puget Sound Ports June 20
North Fork.. Humboldt June
Nevadan New York June 27
Curacao Mexican Ports June 27
Rainier Whatcom .• June27
China China & Japan June 28
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
June. 18.
C. Nelson.. Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier 2
Newburg. . . Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
G. Dollar.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier •>
Rival .. Willapa Harbor ...12 m Pier •>
Eureka Humboldt ......... 9 am Pier 13
Acapulco... Panama & Way... 12 m PMSS
Jnne "19. v
Lakme Portland & Way .. 10 am Pier' 2
Corona Newport & WayJPts 9 am Pier 11
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 20.
Acme Siualaw River — pm Pier 2
North Fork Humboldt 9 am Pier "
Hathor.... Hamburg & Way Pier 10
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Jnne 21.
Eureka Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier —
laqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 28
Arctic Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pl<?r 2
Pomona. . . . Humboldt 1 :3o p Pier 11
Gaelic .* China & Japan ....I 1 pm PMSS
Alameda. .. Honolulu 2 pm Pier 7
Jnne 22. - .
Santa Rosa. San Diego &. Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 23.
Chehalls... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Jnne 24.
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt Orfd 10 am Pier 13
Tampico... Seattle & Honolulu pier
Jnne 25.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay. . Coqullle River .... 4 pm Pier 2
Jnne 27.
G. Elder. . . Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
Jnne 28.
H. Maru... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
San Juan: . . Panama & Way Pts 12 m|PMSS
Steamer. I
For.
I Sails.
—
Dolphin...... Skagway & "Way Ports. Juno 18
CityTopeka.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 1»
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. June 20
Al-Ki Skagway . & Way Ports . June 20
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 21
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
Spokane . Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
City Seattle.. Skagway & "Way 'Ports. June 2S
Senator Nome '....July l
Oregon Nome ....'. July l
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July •>
Roanoke..... Nome &-St. Michael. .. July 3
0 Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. -- Ft. Ft. Ft.
» LW HW LW HW
18 4:00—0.111:00 4.2 3:20 2.9 9:47 5.5
19 4:39—0.8 11:45 4.3 4:00 2.8 10:18 0.4
20 6:12—0.3 12:29 4.4 4:40 2.8 10:47 5.2
21 5:49—0.3 1:10 ' 4.4 5:15 2.9|11:15 6.1
22 6:20—0.2 1:40*4.4 6:00 2.0 11:60 4.0
23 6:55 0.0 2:26 4.5 «:4« 3.ol
24 0:25 4.7| 7:20| 0.2 2:50| 4.C| 7:37 3.1
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OP THE
WEST. — 2-i Post St., San Francisco, Cal.
Established nearly 40 years. Open entire year.
.Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
Sfl '^f ADD Expert Accountant.
• 11* * . rX »»¦ IV guarantees a better
knowledge of bookkeeping In S weeks than any
college can give In 8 months. Mall course $5.
knowledge guaranteed; country customers so-
licited. My pupils in the most responsible posi-
tions. 219 Parrott building, San Francisco.
HAMLIN SCHOOL
AND VAN NESS SEMINARY,
1849 Jackson st., cor. Gough. S. F. Boarding
and day school for girls. Accredited by the
leading colleges and universities. Reopens Aug.
11, 1902. SARAH P. HAMLIN, Principal.
THE LYCEUn,
AM ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges;
references, Pres't. Jordan or any Stanford pro-
fessor.Phelan big. L. H. Grace.Ph.D..Prlnclpal.
College of Notre Dame,
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA, confers degrees,
grants diplomas, college preparatory; accredited
by State University; Intermediate and primary
classes for young children. Studies resumed
August 5, 1002.
IRVING INSTITUTE.
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR
young ladles and little glrl«. 2126 California
et., will reopen August 4. 1901. Accredited to
tho Universities. REV. EDWARD B.
CHURCH. A. M.. Principal.
ANDERSON ACADEMY,
Irvington, California, A high gra.de military
school for a limited number of boys of good
character. Next term begins on August 12.
WILLIAM WALKER ANDERSON.
iraCOCJC MILITARY ACADEMY,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
. XMAS TERM WILL BEGIN AUGUST IS. .
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE,
"A THOROUGH SCHOOL." .
Progressive, exceedingly thorough; finely
equipped departments; positions for graduates.
Illustrated catalogue. 305 -Larkin st.
R. L. DURHAM. President.
CALIFORNIA COLLEGE of OSTEOPATHY
821 Sutter st. — Osteopathy offers finest pro-
fessional life known to ambitious young men
and I women. Write for announcement and
any particulars.
MISS M. G. BARRETT'S s SS^Siy?
302 Montgomery st., San Francisco, Cal.
SHORTHAND TAUGHT BY- MAIL AND
personally; "best teacher, best system." -
TRINITY SCHOOL, 2203 Central Aye.,
Opens Monday, Ang. 4. For information or cata-
logue address the principals, LYON & ROGER.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth, and seems to act di-
rect to the desired location, giving
ttrength and development just where it
is reeded. It cures all the Ills and trou-
bles that come from years of misuse of
the natural functions, and has been an
absolute success in all cases. A request
to the State Medical Institute, 328 Elek-
tron building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stat-
ing that you desire one of their free trial
packages, will be complied with prompt-
ly. The Institute is desirous of reaching
that great class of men who are un-
able to leave home to be treated and
the free samples will enable them to see
how easy it is to be cured of sexual
weakness when the proper remedies are
employed. The Institute makes no restric-
tions. Any man who writes, will be sent
a free sample, carefully sealed in a plain
package, so that its recipient need have
no fear of embarrassment of publicity
Readers are requested to write without
delay. .
Free trial packages of a most remarka-
ble remedy are being mailed to all who
will write to the State Medical Institute.
They cured so many men who had bat-
tled for years against the mental and
physical Bufferings of lost manhood that
the institute has decided to distribute free
trial packages to all who write. It is a
home treatment, and all men who suf-
fer from, any form of sexual weakness
resulting from youthful folly, premature
loss of strength and memory, weak back,
varicocele or emaciation of parts, can
now cure themselves at home.
to All Who Write.
SENT FREE TO MEN!
A Host Remarkable Remedy That
Quickly Restores Lost Vigor
to Men.
A Free Trial Package Sent by Mail
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
NABES. ALFS & BRUXE, Agents,
S23 Market et.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
16 X GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The xnoet wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
Beys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
££*\ WONG WOO,
UT CHINESE TEA AND HERB
&* 7 SANITARIUM,
. J|^kv 764-66 Clay St, S. F., Cal.
7/lMffiw? A LL DISEASES CURED
*»Z*/.£./Jftt ** exclusively by Chines*
herbs, over 0000 varieties being used. Hours,
9:80 to 11 ». a. 1 to 3 and 7 to 9 p. m.
Baldness follows falling hair, falling
hair follows dandruff and dandruff Is the
result of a eerrn digging Its way Into the
scalp to the root of the hair, where lt
saps the vitality of the hair. To destroy-
that germ is to prevent as well as cure
dandruff, falling hair and, lastly, bald-
ness. There Is only one preparation known
to do that, Newbro's Herplclde. an en-
tirely new, scientlflo discovery. Wherever
it has been tried it has proven wonder-
fully successful. It can't be otherwise,
because it utterly destroys the dandruff
germ. "You destroy the cause, you re-
move the effect." . ¦ . ¦••.,.-;,...;,
Parasite Germ That Causes It.
Baldness Cured by Destroying the
FALIilNG HAIR STOPPED.
SOUTHERN PACIFIO
Trains "*
(Mala Line, Foot of Marfcet Street.)
Teat* - Fbom Jcx« 1. l'-KB- • - """
7.00a Benlcla, Sulsnn, Elmira and Sacra-
mento yt&Z
7.00a Vacavllle, Winters, Bumier.. ...... 7-55P
7.30*. Martlriez, San Eamon. Vallejo,
Napa. Callstoga, Santa Kosa. 6-25*
8 00a DavU, Woodland, KnlgnU Landing,
MarysYllle, OroTllle tSs'
8.00a Atlantic EspreM— Ogdea and Ea»t. 0.Z6A
8.00a Mies, Lathrop, StocSton t^9r
8030a XHea. liendota, Hanford, Vlsalla,
PortervlUe 4.6W
8 30a Shasta Express— -Oavls, Williams
(for Bartlett Sprtags), Willows.
Red Bluff, Portland 7.55?
8 30a San Joae, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Sscramento. Placervllle,
MarysTille, Cnlco, Red Bluff 4.Z5F
8 30a Oakdale,Chlnese,8onora,Tuolumne 4.2B»
9:00a Vallejo 12.25*
9 00a Los Angeles Express— Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stockton.Merced.
Kaymond.Fresnoand Los Angeles 8.25a
9 30a Vallejo, Martlnes and Way Stations 7.65*
1000a nayward. Nlles and Way Stationn.tl2.55*
' 10.00a Tne OTSrtand Llmttett — Ogden.
Denver, Omaha. Chicago 5.2&F
1 t1 OOP Sacramento River Steamers t11-0Q?
s'oQp BenlcU. Winter*. Sacramento,
Woodland, Williams, Willows,
Knights Landing. Marysrllle,
! Orovllle 1 2§? A
. x%n* Hayward, KUes and W»y Stations.. 7.55*
400* Martlnez,San Ramon, Vallejo,2iapa,
Callstoga, Santa Rosa ,2?I A
A nQp lilies, Llvermore, Stockton, Lodl.. 12.25*
2 30p Hayward,Nlles,SanJose,Livermore t8.55A
2'3flp The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakewfleld, Saagus for SanU
Barbara, Los Angeles A\i K
BOOT PortCo3ta,Tracy,Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
6.00F Martinez. Antloch. Stockton. Mer-
o.uur Raymond, Jfresno
t5.30* Nlles Local ; Z25*
6.00F Hay ward. Xilea and San Jose ,?Sg A
TO OMenlai--MVil-O S denr"Denver; ""* .
Omaha. St. V ul3 ' Chicago 4.25f
7 00? San Pablo, Po*rt Costa, ilarttne* _
and Way Stations 1 iif*
17 00* Vullejo •••• '•68*
8:05p Oregon * California KxpreM-Sac-
rninento. Marysvllle, Redding.
Portland. Puget Sound and East. 8-||A
19.10* Hayward and Nlles vn.BSA
t7.45A Santa Cruz Excursion.... *8.05»
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Jose
Felton, Boulder Creek, SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50*
t2.15* Newark. Centerrllle, San Jose.
1X1 New Almaden. Felton, Boulder
Creek. Santa Cruz and Principal
• Way Stations 4 1212*
4.1 5p Newark, San Jose, Los Gatos t 2fS A
a4.15p San Jose. Los Oatoa. Saata Cruz. ¦¦ c8-50A t
~ OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAN KBAXCI3CO. Foot of Market St. (Slip 8>
— +7:13 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 5.15 p.m.
COAST LINE (Broad Usage).
(Tnlrrt ana Town«end Streets.)
6.1(K San Jose and Way Stations .§!§*
t7.00A San Jose and Way Stations !?S2 A
/7.00a New Almaden -K'JS*
$7.15*. Monterey Excursion *8-30*
8 00a Coast Line Limited — San Jose,
Gilroy. SnKnuo, San Luis Obispo,
Santa Barbara. Los Angeles and
Principal Intermediate Stations. 104a7
9.00a Ban Jose, Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Salinas, San Luis
Obispo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Stations 5/12*
10.30*. San Jose and Way Stations.., JJ-38A
11 30a 6anJose,Lo»GatosandWay3tatlons t90pA
al .30* San Jose and Way Stations a/.CQ*
2 30* San Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San Jose. Tres
Plnos, Santa Cruz, Sallaas, Del
Monte. Monterey and Pacific _
Grove : •
t3.30* San Jose and Way Stations.... 7.30*
t4-00* Del Monte Expresa— Only stops San
Jose * IZ-OT*
4.30* SanJoseandPrlnclpalWayStationa 1.30*
1 15.00P San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal _
Way Stations 2s5*
5.30P San Jose and PrlnclpalWay Stationt 6-30»
tS.15? San Mateo. BelmonJ. Redwood,
MenloPark, Palo Alto iS-SSr*
6.30* San Jose and Way Stations 7.30*
7.00* New Orleans Express — San Luis
Obl3po, 8ant« Barhar*, Lua An-
geles, Demlnec. El Paso, New *
Orleans and East- — 10.15*
•11-45* San Jose and Way Stations.... ....
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only. c Monday only. ,
b Saturday and ./Tuesday and Frlda% :
Sunday only. ¦ T
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
' Leave Maf-k*<*t-StrfCt' Ferry Pcpot.
" T - ~ ' Ijocai M«n& LoflW ewrTfl
• . ? .. " Daily Thurs Dally Dally
Lt Ban Fran 9:00 a 9:00a 4:20p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:13 p 11:15 v
"Merced-.. 2:35 p 1:17 p 1:30 a
" Fresno .. 4:l(Jp 2:35p. ...... 3:15 »
" Hanford . 5:5S p 3:27 p 8:03 a
"Visalia .. 5:33pl | 5:00a
"B'kersfd 8:10 p 5:20 p.. 7:35*
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02a
"Chicago, 2:15p. ...... 8:47 p
a lor morning, p ior afternoon.
9:00 a. m. Dally Is Bakerafleld Local.
(topping- at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at S a. m.
dally.
0:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is ths
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
Ing Cars and Dining Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfield for
accommodation of local first-class passen-
gers. - No second-class tickets are honored
en this train. .Corresponding train arrives
at 11 :10 pi m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. ia. Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. dally.
8 :00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
Offices — 641 Market street and la Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RI. CJ
LESSEES
SAi. FRANCISCO AH3 \MU PAGIFli
RAILWAY COMPA.TT.
Tiburon i'euy, foot ot ISs^ket SU
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN HAFAEl.
WK1CK. UA.V.S— 1;30. 0:t'o. 11:00 «. m.: U;a&.
3:30. 5:10, B:30 p. a. Tnursdays — Extra tnn
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays — £xtra trips as ,
1:60 and 11:30 p. ci.
SUNDAYS— 8: U0. 8:30, 11:00 a. m.". 1:39. 3:30,
5:00 and 6:20 p. m.
SAX JttAKAlUL, TU SAX Jf JIASCI3CO.
WEEK DAYS— «:05. 7:35, 7:50. »:20» 11:1*
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40, 5:C0. 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trlpa at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m, -
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, UU3 a. m.; 1:40, 4; Ml
4:M. 5:05. 8:25 p. m. - ; ....
Leave I la Effect . ¦ I Arrive.
San Francisco! May 4, 1902.' ISan Francisco
Week 1 Sun- I Deatlna- . I Bun- I Wee*
Daya. 1 daya. \ tlon. f daya. { Day».
7:30a 8:00a Ijcnacio »:10a.S:4tf»
8:30p »:30a and - 10:40a 8:40a,
6:10 p 5:C0p Novata «:C5 p «:20 a
7:35 p
7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:4V »
8:30 p 9:30 a and- - 6:05pl0:2U-»
6:10 p 5:00 p Santa Kosa 7:35 p B:20 p
Fulton . .
T:30a "Windsor 10:20 *
5:00 p Bealdsburs 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservlll*
8:30 p 8:00 a Cloverdala 7:33 p 6:20 3
7:3OaJ8:0Oa| Hopland ¦ 110:40 a|10:20 *
8:30p[8:COp| Uklah f 7:35 p| 6:20 p>
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts | 7:35 pi 8-20~p
7:30 al 8:00 al GuernevUla | 7:35 pilO:2O a,"
8:30 p| 5:00 p| |10:40a| 8:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 at 8:40 a.
5:10 pi 5:00 p| Qlen Ellen | 8:03 p| fl:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sebastopol 110:40 a|10:20 *
3:30 p| 5:00 p| | 7:35 p| 6:20 g
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wast
Springs and White- Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
tor Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; IS
Oeyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Ctoverdal*
for the Geysers and Booneville; at Hopland foe
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, KelseyrlUsZ
Carlebad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Snrtnm!
Saratoga Springs, Blua Lakes. Laural IfcU
Lake^Witter Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot!
ter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. Herley*.
Bucknell's. Sanhedrln Heights. HullvUle. OrVS
Hot Springs. Half-way House, Coiaptche, Cama
Stevens, Hopkins. Mendoclno City. FortBraiE.
Weotport. Usal: at Wllllta for Shefwoodl CaattL
Covelo, LaytonTUle. . Cummlnga. Ball's SDrlnia?
Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Pepperwood. ScoUa aaat
EureKa. I
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r*»
duced rates. ...
On Sundays — Round-tr<p tickets to all Dolnta
beyond San Rafael at half rates. v—*um
Ticket otnee. 650 Market at. Chronlcla build-
fr. c, winTEja n. x. rtaw.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
flOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
""T-Sv* Via Sausaiito Ferry ! Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran. ;
........ lllo r. -TIKB1 OF THUMB- 5:50 p! Z~%
2:30 P. Op«aillth»je«fwuail 8:15 P. ...^^J
Tkkrt OOm. 621 MABSST 8TUXT ul gACSAIIXO IMUt_
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good enough
for anybody!
I^ll Havana Filler
" FLORODORA " BANDS en
cf same value as tags from
"STAR," "HORSESHOE."
standard na vr: %
" OLD PEACH & HONEY."
•• SA WLOC," " OLE VARG1NY" I
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
1,6 •-."..• _^ j
Cures Piles, or $50 Forfeited.
No Mercury or Opiates.
ALL UP-TO-DATE DRUGGISTS
X.. ZEH. 1226 Market st.
WAKELEE & CO., Bush and Montgomery sts.
NO-PERCENTAGE DRUG CO., 949 Market st.
DR. H. B. KILBOURN, 551 Third St.
SEARBY'S PHARMACY, 400 Sutter st.
J. CALEGARIS. Kearny and Pacific sts.
F. B. HULTING, Third and Howard sts.
W. E. MAYHEW, 144 Fourth st.
R. W. COFFIN, Sixteenth and Valencia sts.
J. H. WINTER, Twenty-nfth and Valencia sts.
E. HAPPERSBERGER, Sixth and Misaion sts.
C. F. FULLER, Clay and FiUmore sts.
D. D. HUNT, 180O Haight st.
BHAW PHARMACY, Sutter and Powell sta.
GLEASON, Kearny and Clay sts.
E. J. SMITH, Eddy and Taylor sts.
ARIEL. PHARMACY, 400 Hayes st.
STOCKTOX-ST. PHARMACY, 100 Stockton st.
J.S.POTTS DRUG CO.. 1016 Market & 11 Eddy.
JUNCTION PHARMACY, 2000 Market st.
b visit DR. JORDAN'S great t)
ShUSEUMGF ANATOHY*
0 &P ICalJSASilETCT.tet.e-.hST'.S.S.r.Cal. i
\ ifcj , . The LareestAe'atomical Museum in the \
B re-tJkXm W°*'d. Weaknesses or any contracted A
V 52= B!W «*««« poiiti»eljr mred ny the oldest Y
Q aSSai s P e^ l! ist on ll >e Coast. Est. 36 years. ©
A &*3$V& CR. JORDAH-DISEASES OF MEN 0
\ FCS&&S Consultation free and strir:!y private. \
A fl yfirZ/n Treatment personally or by letter. A A
\ 8 W n a i^* iti1lt c " ure in "ery «ase undertaken. T
ill I I] tit Write for Book. PSILOSOl-nY of A
f I II 11 V DtHRIAGE, MAILED FREE, (a"
A u /I, valuable book for mrn) \
" DR. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Mart^t St, S. F. 9
ywvwwvvwAvwwwvvvvvvw;
!£|jjjJ&JsS$' INJECTION. I
Fa permanent cure i
S of the moat obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
P sod Gleet, eraarnntecd in from 3 to 6 C
c days ; nc other treatment required. 5
C j Sold by -all druggists. >
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARXY AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
xnodeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms, uOe to 91 SO day;
$5 to $S week; $8 to $20 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room; firs grates In
every room; elevator runs all night.
IA/. X. HESS,
KOTASY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT-LAV.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Main 983.
Residence,/ 821 California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
RAILWAY TBAVEL.
CHICAGO
IN LESS THAN
3 DAYS
From
San Francisco at 1O a. m.
-
1 — 1
CHICAGO, UNION PACIFIC
& NORTHWESTERN LINE
Pullman fourteen-sectlon Drawlng-Rocm
and Private Compartment Observation
Sleeping Cars, with Telephone. Electric-
reading Lamps In every Berth, Compart-
ment and Drawlng-Rbom. Buffet. Smok-
ing and Library Cars, with Barber and
Bath, Dining Cars — meals • a la carte.
Electrlc-ltghted throughout. . ;
Dally Tourist Car Service . at ' 6 " p. m.
and Personally conducted Excursions every
Wednesday and Friday at 8 a. in. -from
San Francisco. The best of everything.
R. R. RITCHIE
617 MARKET ST. G»n. Agent Pacifio Co««t
Palace Hotel San Franctsco.
~~ KORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via Sauaallto Ferry,
Commencing April 27. 1W2.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VAl.i.vv
AND SAN RAFAEL. " A^ L^*
WEEK DAYS— «:45. *7:45. »:45, 9:30k 11:00
a. m .. 12:20. -1:45. 8:15, 4:15. 5:15. .8:1?
6:45, 8:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:15 a. m. doea not
tun to Mill Valley.
BUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »»:00. 10:00, Han
11:30 a. m., 12:30. n:So. 2:30. »3:45. ft-UO. sioo
7:30, »:45. 11:45 p. m. w>
Trains marked i') run to 8an Quentla. •- "
FROM BAN RAFAEL TO SAN VRANCISCft.
WEEK DAYS-a:20^ 7:10. sTlsT^sa
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15. *3:30. 4:40. 11:30, 6 [*£.
10:15 p. m. "^
BUNDAYS — 6:00, »8:00, 0:30, '•11:00 a. m
•12:00 m.. 1:00. 2:15. «3:30. 4:1«L «»S* a-«a!
1:30, 10:15 p. m. ***
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentio.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-«:40 «:40. 7:45. , 8:257 JT^
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 3:45, 3:60. 6:10. 5:20. 7IU
10:15 D- m. ¦ ¦ . -
SUNDAYS- «:30, 7:55, 10:05, 11:10 a. m
12:15. 1:20. 2:80. 8:45. 5:00. e!08~ 7:15. lOui
P ' "* THROUGH TRAINa
7:45 a. m. week, daya— Cazadero and w«
station*. . "
8:15 o. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. , . • _~v
6:15 p. m.«week days (Saturdays excepted)
•females and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way
station*. '\ . .
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyea and war
•tatlonj. .
Legal Holiday boat* and trains will rua ea
BundajT time.DENVER.' June IT.— Burglars ¦ entered the
postoflice in' this city last night through a wln
dev: and robbed the registered mail.
59 00 will buy a good buggy harness. t3
per cent off- Wednesday, and Saturday.
Leibold Harness Co., 211 Larkin street,
opposite City Hall. WS$8m!&$fM
Big Harness Sale.
OCEAN ' STEAMER.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Juno IS, 1:45 a m
—Stmr Haverford, from Philadelphia,* for. Liv
erpool, and ¦ oroceeded.
Late Shipping Intelligence.
• ' v: . SAILED. ,?..: 5
. ' ; ,". ... . Tuesday, June 17. ¦
Stmr Redwood Clty.'Moe, .
Stmr Albion River, Jacobs, Point Arena and
Albion- •¦¦¦¦. • • _ • -
One of the Santa Fe Company's new
car transports was launched last evening
at the shipyards of Gratto & Rclmes in
South San Francisco. Many invited guests
were present. Promptly at 8 o'clock the
huge vessel slid down the ways as the
last block was knocked from under her.
Her dimensions are: Length over all 255
feet, breadth 36 feet and depth 12 feet.
She will carry sixteen cars and will ply
between this city and Point" Richmond;
Car Transport Launched.
The annual reunion and picnic given at
Glenwood, Park, Santa Cruz Mountains,
yesterday by the Ancient Order of United
Workmen and Degree of Honor was well
attended. The picnickers left this city at
8:45 a. m. and arrived at the park shortly
after 11 o'clock. The afternoon was de
voted'/to dancing- and sports.
{The following were the winners in the
races:
Race -for boys under 12, ¦ Joe 1 Gosllner; girls
under 12. Katie Norton: three-legged race for
boys under; 10. A. : Murphy and E. Fournler;
egg and spoon race for ladles, 'Miss Eva. Rus
sell: P. M. W. A. race, W. J. Ryan: for
ladles of 'Degree of Honor, Miss A. Matty;
fat men's'race,- Frank Hern; fat ladies' race.
Mrs. M. Shepller; boys from 12 to 16, Henry
Peck;, girls from 12 to 16, Miss F. McCray;
race for members of the committee, "W. J.
Ryan; young ladles' race, Miss L. Code; -young
men's race. C. J. /McKay; married^men's race,
C. J. McKay; married- ladles' race, Mrs. . S.
Ktephenson: men CO years or. over; W.. O. B..
Werner; for wives of members of A. O. U. W.,
Mrs. ¦ J. J. .Davis; hurdle race for members.
A. Gordier. ¦ »
The ladies' guessing contest was won by
Mrs. Sylvesta. ¦ ' ¦•;"¦;
WORKMEN AND FRIENDS
ENJOY ANNUAL OUTING
Professor John TJri Lloyd of Cincinnati,
a well known authority on modern phar
macy and author of several stories of
Southern life, is at the Occidental hotel
accompanied by. his wife. He is touring
the coast and. expects to remain here a
Lloyd is the author of ; tho
scientific works. "The Chemistry of Medi
cines " "Elixirs and Their History" and
"Drugs and Medicines of North Amer
ica " He is also the author of "String
town on the ; Pike" and "Warwick of the
Knobs," two pieces of fiction. He was
raised in Kentucky and the former story
illustrates' the colored people and their
superstitions,' while the latter deals with
the "Rlggs" element.
nati Comes Here to Make
Short Visit.
Prof essor John Uri Lloyd of Cincin-
SCIENTIST ' : ANI> AUTHOR
IS TOURING THE COAST
Quarrel Over Unionism.
While the Supervisors were in session
yesterday afternoon to award the bids for
the city's printing, Charles Marshall,,
representative of the H. S. Crocker Com
pany, one of the bidders for the contract,
and W. W. Copeland, representing tbe
Typographical Union, got into a discus
sion about the union labor question. Ccpe
land became much excited and rushed at
Marshall, shoving him from where he was
standing. James Bryan of the Typo-,
graphical Union came between the two
men . and prevented further trouble.'
Chairman Booth of the Supervisors ad
journed the. meeting until. order was re
stored, when the question w&s again taken
up. The board will pass upon the bids
for printing to-day. . .• ,
The Pacific Coast Electric Transmission
Association opened its sixth annual con
vention yesterday in the maple room o£
the Palace Hotel. Dr. Charles Van Nor
den of the Central California Electric
Company and president of the association,
after bidding the delegates welcome, de
livered his annual address, in which he
alluded to his prediction ' made . at
the convention held at Highgate
Falls, Vt.. that in a few years
from. that time the cataract of the neigh
borhood would in no short period furnish
light and power to nearby villages, none
nearer than nine miles. He then dis
cussed several problems which he con
sidered of vast importance.
r>r. Van Norden said In part:
The risk from labor troubles is not the least
of the factors In our equation. Linemen' and
station keepers have us at their mercy even
more so than motormen and conductors have
a city railroad. Already the linemen have
struck for the eight hour day and three dol
lar wage.-- Success may breed and encourage
larger demands. Allied to the growing menace
of organized labor is the seething of the com
munistic tendencies of the times. - Foremost
among the schemes urged 'is that of municipal
ownership of . public utilities. This we . need
not fear, since municipalities need our cheap
power. For us a far more dangerous agitation
is that which ..now proposes State appropria
tion of all water rights. ¦ The scheme advocated
makes -the appropriation little less than sheer
confiscation. Indeed the movement is simply
an organization for public robbery on a large
scale. The agitation Is being vigorously pushed
in the name of progress, and the masses are
easily blinded as to their duties toward vested
rights and are often mislead Into extrava
gances. *
During the afternoon session the follow
ing papers were read:
''The Economy of Electric Power In ' Quarts
Mining," by C. O. Toole; 'The Application of
Electric Power In the Comstock Lode," by Leoo
M. Hall, and read -by George P. Low, and
"Electric Pumping From a 130O foot Level."
by Dcnald H. Fry.
In the evening the delegates listened to
studious. and eminently scientific papers
and also enjoyed stereoptlcon views pre
sented by Professor Alexander McAdle.
The professor announced that two weeks
ago last Sunday this city did itself proud
inasmuch as it beat all known records in
the velocity of the wind. On that day
the wind blew, at a rate not less than 125
miles an hour at Point Lobos, which was
a much higher velocity than attained at
Galvcston at. the time of the memorable
disaster. "So as a windy city," said Pro
fessor. McAdie, "San Francisco passes
Chicago or Boston.'.' Hia paper was en
titled "Cloud Versus Coal."
A. J. Bowie. Jr. read a paper entitled
"Wells in Large Ranges." "The Hy
draulic End of Power Transmissions"
was the title of a paper by John S. East
wood.
E. J. de. Sabla Jr. was elected president
for the ensuing year: H. H. Noble of the
Keswlck Electric Power Company vice
president: William Angus of the Subur
ban Electric Company. Oakland, was re
elected treasurer, and George P. Low of
the Journal of Electricity. Power and Gin
of San Francisco was re-elected secre
tary. .- - . .'
•This morning other papers will be read,
and in the afternoon v«s;ts will be made
to the electric and gas plants at Oakland
by the delegates.. -.
DEMANDS DAMAGES.— Mabel Brooks, who
was Injured in a collision between two elec
tric cars on H street, near th#> Ocean Boule
vard; In June of /last year, filed a suit for
S10.400 damages against ' the Market. Street
Railroad - Company yesterday. -
Gustav Saulr, who claims he belongs to
the Seventh Infantry, was arrested yes
terday by Detective Reynolds and Police
man Collins and locked up in "the tanks"
pending an investigation. He visited a
money broker on Kearny street, near Sac
ramento, and asked to have a draft for
$90, drawn on the First National Bank
of Portland, cashed. The broker was sus
picious of the draft and notified the
police.
An examination showed that the draft
had originally been for $10 and had been
clumsily raised to $30. Across the draft
the words. "Not over ninety dollare,"
were stamped, but It could be seen that
the original stamp was "Not over ten
dollars."
When searched at the City Prison an
other draft, raised from $10 to $90. one
from. $10 to $50 and a genuine draft for
$25, all dated April 5 last, were found in
his possession.
ATTEMPTS TO PASS
BAISED BANK DMPT
M. de I*. Hadley, business manager
of the Enquirer, was recalled to make
clear the bookkeeping methods in vogue
in the Enquirer office. A. J. Read of the)
job department of .the Enq.uirer and T-
M. Robinson, Assessor Dalton's chief dep
uty, were the new witnesses. They gava
testimony of an expert nature and only
entertained the Inquisitors a few minutes.
Neither Dalton nor Daniel3 ,were called. ,
George A. Oakes, the Haywards editor,
was the first one to receive a beckoning
from the jurymen. He told about a hur
ry-up move by which he got $800 from a
Haywards bank five or six weeks ago.
He needed the money, and is supposed, ta
have got a certain county official to help
him get it. Later in the day J. 1* Far
num of the Haywards Bank was called
to tell what he knew about the same
transaction. He was only held a few
minutes.
During the session of the Grand Jury
to-day three witnesses concerned in th«»
investigation of the county's missing
books were recalled to clear up some; of
the mystifications surrounding that grand
disappearing transaction.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
• * 1118 Broadway. Juno 17. .
It is a peculiar fact that for the past
six years many more Chinese have been
landed, at- this port than Japanese, not
withstanding that there is an exclusion
law against Chinese and . none against
Japanese. . ;
There is no law prohibiting the contract
ing of laborers within the United States,
and : Hawaii -being a part of the United
States, is considered as a coastwise do
mestic port; therefore there is nothing to
hinder the entire Japanese population of
the islands from coming to this country
under labor contracts. . .
Captain Schell explained, further that
there is a popular misconception regard
ing Japanese immigrants. The truth is
that the Japanese immigrant stands on
the same footing as Irish, French, Ger
man or English immigrants, and there is
no exclusion law against them.
These people will be allowed' to enter. More
than that, their right to enter cannot be ques
tioned. We have no right to examine or In
terfere with them at all, no more than we have
to examine white persons coming from Missouri
or Oregon under contract to labor In California.
Hawaii Is a part of the United States, and we
do not board steamers coming from Honolulu or
Seattle.- We might as well interfere with Sac
ramento Valley farmers contracting with labor
ers in San Francisco.
Deputy Immigrant Commissioner Schell,
in speaking of the matter yesterday, said:
All of these coolies are coming under con
tract in violation of the Immigration laws
which strictly forbid the admission of contract
laborers. If these people are allowed to en
ter It will be. through some subterfuge devised
and adopted for the evasion of the immigration
laws.
Much amusement was created in the
United States Immigration Bureau over
an editorial in the morning issue of a
daily paper calling attention to the fact
that Japanese laborers under contract to
work in California were arriving and pre
paring to arrive at this port from Ha
waiian Territory. The editorial spates:
After but little more than a year of
married life, Augusta Thill has brought
a suit for divorce. She alleges that Nicho
las Thill is so addicted to the use of In
toxicants that to continue living with him
as his wife is more than she can bear.
According to her complaint he commenced
drinking heavily a short time after their
marriage at Oakland in March, 1901, with
the result that he is unable to attend to
business and earn enough for their joint
support. Thill, alleges his wife, has
beaten her frequently when in his cups.
She asks for a divorce and permission to
resume her maiden name.
Charles S. Baillie Is suing Cynthia A.
Baillie for divorce on the ground of de
sertion. He alleges that she left him in
January, 1901, nine years after -their mar
riage. ¦ '
Failure to provide is the ground for a
suit for divorce brought yesterday by
Evelyn Joseph against Joseph Joseph.
Mrs. Joseph alleges that for more than a
year she has had to sustain herself. They
were married in April, 1S99.
May Ford, who was married to II. R.
Ford in Oregon in 1883, has brought a suit
for divorce, alleging failure to provide.
Charles L. Bache is suing Mary Bache
for divorce, alleging desertion. He
charges her with leaving him in June of
last year. They were married in Novem
ber, 1832. - ¦ T ¦ . ' "
AVilliam Castle Henry has brought a
suit for divorce against Stella Henry, to
whom he was married at Cleveland, Ohio,
in 1S95. He charges her with infidelity and
names Frank Pyle Jr. as co-respondent.
. Millie Turner is suing John L.. Turner
for divorce on the ground that he has not
provided her. with the necessaries of -life.
The Turners were married in January,
1901. ' - ' ¦" •'" *
Divorces were granted yesterday to An
nie Walker from Robert T. Walker for
desertion," Ida E. Thomas from John O.
Thomas for neglect and Ella Gienauth
from Charles Gienauth for cruelty. ,
Inquirers Keep Anxious
Ones Sitting Another
Long Day.
Dr. Van Norden Delivers
an Address Dealing
With Labor.
Japanese Coolies May
Come Here Without
Hindrance.
Augusta Thill Sues for
Divorce on Ground
of Intemperance.
ELECTRICIANS
IN CONVENTION
JURY RECALLS
OLD WITNESSES
LIQUOR RUINS
A HAPPY HOME
CONTRACT LABOR
FROM HONOLULU
"The message which we received from
Santa Barbara this morning shows that a
new quarter Is affected by the grasshop
pers. It looks as if they would soon be all
over the farming districts of the State.
We hear that at Exeter, in Tulare Cour.
tv, they have the pest under control, but
in Placer, El Dorado and Sacramento
counties the measures taken for the sup
pression of the insects are entirely inade
quate and they are on the increase."
BERKELEY, June 17.— Professor E. W.
Hilgard, dean of the College of Agricul
ture at the University of California, re
ceived an appeal for aid from Santa Bar
bara to-day against the grasshopper pest.
This is the first indication that the army
of hoppers has moved away from, the
foothill region of the Interior, .and is taken
by Professor Hilgard as significant of the
fact that the plague which has heretofore
been confined to one or two districts will
probably become general throughout the
agricultural districts of the State.
Professor Hilgard takes a serious view
of the spread of the pest. He said:
Grasshopper Pest.
Santa Barbara Suffering From the
PLAGUE IS SPREADING.
The preliminary examination of Milton
Hechheizner. a cigar dealer at the corner
of Powell and O'Farrcll streets, on a
charge of forgery was commenced before
Judge Fritz yesterday. John D. Spreck
«?ls was called and testified that neither
o" the notes shown him had been signed
by him. At the request of the defendant
tlie case was continued till next Monday.
Hechlieiiner's Hearing Commences.
A grand concert will be given by the
British residents of California at Metro
politan Temple on Thursday. June 19. to
celebrate the declaration of peace in South
Africa. Tbe proceeds of the concert will
b«* forwarded io .Lord Milner in South
Africa to be devoted to the reconstruc
tion fund. Courtney Bennett, the British
Consul, will preside at the concert.
Concert in Honor of Peace.
The convention will meet at Odd Fel
lows' building, room 8, on the second
floor, this morning at 10 o'clock.
The voting on the delegates at large
resulted in the election of the following
named:
First District— George W. Monteith.
Second District — W. A. Lee of San Fran
cisco.
Third District— Thomas Johnson of Sonoma.
Fourth District— J. M. Reed of San Jose.
Fifth District— C. E. Lloyd of Oakland :
Sixth District — W. A. Van of Colusa.
The Seventh District nomination - was
left for the south.
Eighth District— V,'. H. Gilstrap of Tulare.
The convention then took up the nom
inations for the State Central Committee
and the following members were elected
by acclamation ;
First District— Charles TV. Kltts of Grails
Valley. •
Second District— Walter O. Grlgga of Sono
ma.
Third District— J. M. Basnett of Oakland
Fourth District — J. K. Phlll!p3 of San Fran
clceo. / :. •
¦ Fifth District — John Srlby of San Jose.
Sixth District — J. L.. Gilbert of Selma.
The Seventh District was referred to' Los
Angeles.
STATE COMMITTEE.
Third — A constitutional amendment making
provision for the free, due and speedy admin
istration of Justice in courts, into which the
people, rich and poor alike, may freely enter
and have their cases beard* and determined
without the prepayment of costs of any kind,
also prohibiting the use of Injunctions and
other summary process in matters affecting
the reJiition of employer and employe.
Fourth — That as no enduring: prosperity can
come to the agricultural districts of the State
without the complete utilization of the Irri
gation waters of the mountains, we demand
their ownership and distribution by the State,
and further, that the State establish a land
system under the "New Zealand plan," that
congestion of population in the cities may be
relieved and easy access to farms be accom
plished; and further, that street co-operative
laws b« enacted, giving producers the means
of uniting for the more equitable distribution
of the* products of factory and field, all for
the upbuilding of the State.
St-cond — A- constitutional amendment abro
gating the laws and provisions of the consti
tution authorizing and permitting any fur
ther extension of the private ownership of any
of. the public utilities of the State or of its
counties or municipalities and making full
and adequate provision for the acquisition,
ownership, control and operation by the State
and its counties and municipalities of all the
public utilities thereof.
First — The enactment of a constitutional
amendment giving to the people of California
an effective system of direct legislation.
CHAIRMAN READS REPORT.
The Industrial Federation party, now in con
vention assembled, calls upon the^ people of
California to join one supreme and resistless
eifort to rescue the State from the clutches of
monopoly nnd bossism. toj stamp out corrup
tion in Its government and to upbuild the
State, to accomplish the end we demand:
While it caused some delay, the report
as read by the chairman ot the commit
tee, D. T. Fowler, was eventually adop
ted as a whole and was as follows:
In fact there would not have been any
unpleasantness if J. G. Smith of Alameda
County had not tried to wedge in a sub
stitute for the first section of the report
of the Committee on Platform and Reso
lutions.
The evening session showed less inclina
tion to wrangle and more to get through
with the business before it.
WRANGLING DIMINISHES.
A motion to strike from the roll the
name of any person- who was pledged to
the Socialist. Democratic or Republican
parties was carried by a vote of 29 to 9.
The report. of the committee on creden
tials was adopted and the chair was em
powered to fill the vacancies on the com
mittee on platform and resolutions. An
amendment was carried that the commit
tee should consist of seven members . in
stead of twelve, which were chosen as
follows: George "W. Monteith, F. B.
Brown, W. H. Gllstrefp, W. G. Murphy,
D. T. Fowler, W. H. Buckley and J. K.
Riddell. The committee then went into
executive session and the convention ad
journed at 5:30 p. m.
' UST OF DELEGATES.
The delegates attending the convention
and the localities represented are:
San Francisco — K. L. Kevins, Joseph Dans,
J. K. Phillips, George W. Monteith, W. E.
j Walker. B. A. Meyer. K. J. Fraser C. V.
! Porter. F. H. Hatch. T. H. Porter, C. j. Gard
i ner. Dr. C. H. Castle. M. Tobias. "W. S. Mer
rill and Nathan E. Flint.
Alameda County — D T. Fowler James M.
Bassett, George W. Kraft. M. Alvarez, F. M.
Husted. Charles E. Lloyd. Taral T. Frlck
stad. Dr. A. F. Childs. J. G. Smith.
Los Angeles — H. E. Quick.
College Park— J. AV. Hire*.
Santa Barbara — J. M. Garrotson. T. E. Kel
log.
Sacramento — John D. Moynahan.
Nevada — Charles "W. Kitts.
Lake — J. R. Garner.
C jntra Costa — \V. H. Buckley.
Monterey — John Rist.
Sierra Valley — Dr. M. Pritchard.
Yuba — VS. G. Murphy. "W. Cunningham, C.
D_ Garn, J. A. Fisher.
Tulare — "W H. Gilstrap.
Sonoma — Thomas Johnson, D. P. Rice.
Colusa — T. H. Horlan.
Santa Clara — J. W. Warboys, J. S. Selby.
T. B. Brown. J. C. Hall. J. McElro>\ W. H.
McCowan. E. Ernst. S. Logan, J. M. Pe'idy,
L. A. Bassett. G. Blakelee. L. A. McElroy. L.
¦ Du Bole W. P. Squire. Steve Trembly. G. W.
Smith, W. L. Crowe. W. H. Adams. J. B. Me
i Farland, A Ransom, John Hlnes. J. W*. Trons
dall. A. H. Eddy. James P. Sex. L. D. Hoi
brook. C. T. Boosengcr. Quincy Calglasser. C.
H. James. Charles AV. Davidson. J. H. Moore,
A. E. Epps.
A motion was made and carried that a
new committee on credentials, composed
of W. J. Gilstrap, M. P. Squire and J. L.
Riddell, be appointed.
It was then seen clearly that the social
ists were attempting to block proceedings
and swallow the convention, and after
three hours of heated debate, with innu
merable ' interruptions, a motion was at
last carried to accept the report of the
committee on credentials and then dis
charge the committee.
SOCIALISTS INTERRUPT.
So far everything had moved smoothly,
but trouble came. The committee on plat
form and resolutions elected by the com
mittee on credentials could not come to
any agreement and stood 6 to 6.
The State Convention of the Allied Peo
ple's party was called to order yesterday
at 10:50 a. m. in Memorial Hall, Odd Fel
lows' building, by George W. Monteith,
chairman of the State Executive Com
mittee.
Mr. Monteith welcomed the delegates
and on behalf of the committee presented
the name, of Dr. C. H. Castle as tempo
rary . chairman. Dr. Castle was elected,
and G. W. Smith was elected temporary
secretary.
A committee on credentials was then
chosen, which in its turn elected a com
mittee on platform and resolutions, com
posed of twelve members.
During the morning the committee on
permanent organization was chosen, as
follows: C. J. Gardner, Nathan E. Flint,
M. P. Squire, John Hines and Charles E.
Lloyd. The morning session adjourned at
12 o'clock and the committee on platform
and resolutions went into session.
The afternoon, session opened with the
adoption of the report of the committee
on permanent organization. This com
mittee recommended that the name of the
party be "The Industrial Federation."'
The temporary officers were made perma
nent and J." K. Phillips was elected treas
urer by acclamation and F. J. Gregory
sergeant at arms.
The directors of the Xorth Shore Rail
road, formerly the JCorth Pacific Coast
Railway, made the announcement yester
day that 5750,000 wcrth of the 5 per cent
forty-year gold bonds had been sold. The
bonds were sold through the Mercantile
Trust Company of this city at par. ;
The directors now intend to commence
vork on the improvements they an
nounced they had in view. A new and
commodious ferry-boat •will be built and
placed in commission. The tracks to iJill
Valley and San Rafael, from SausalHo.
will be made standard gauge and 70-pound
rails used. These two roads will be
changed into electric systems, the rolling
stock having been already ordered.
The rotd from San Anselmo to Caza
dcro will also be overhauled and balanced
•with gravel, and heavier rails laid. The
officials of the company feel assured that
the improvements they are about to make
will do much to increase the population of
Marin County.
"I have wired to Sacramento asking tor
more definite information as to the situa
tion In Placer and EH Dorado counties,
•where It is said grasshoppers have become
a pest. Until I am informed as to the ex
act situation, I cannot say what steps will
be taken in regard to the request to use
the authority vested in me to order the
burning of pasture lands in thosd coun
ties. I shall probably be advised to-mor
row, when whatever action' is necessary
will be taken."
LOS ANGELES, June 17.— Governor
Gage said to-night in regard to a tele
gram sent to him by Chairman Dillman of
the Sacramento Board of Supervisors, con
veying the opinion of Attorney General
Ford on the subject of burning pasture
lands in El Dorado and Placer counties:
Referring to the Becond branch of your in
quiry, I beg to say that the State Board ot
Horticulture, beinc a creature of the statute, is
clothed with no sovereign powers, but is limited
to the powers specifically conferred upon it by
statute or those necessarily implied from the
statutory powers thus specifically jcranted.
I find no statutory authority which would
warrant your board in taking any of the sug
gested steps to arrest the threatened calamity
?t» which ytfu refer, such as the burning ot
p&Eture lands and the like, nor do I rind the
statute of this State conferring: uoon any
officer, Mjeciflcally, the cower* herein dis
cussed. It follows, therefore, that this power
of the State can alone be exercised by its
Chief Executive, in whom, under the provis
ions of our State constitution, is vested the
supreme executive power of the State.
Of course the facts must warrant the exer
cise of this unusual and extraordinary power
of the State. According to the authorities, the
necessity therefor must be "^extreme, impera
tive and overwhelming." Whether the facts
to which you refer would warrant the exercise
of the power above iioted is a question upon
which I can. of course, express no opinion. This
question being one of fact must be determined
by those who represent the State in the exer
cise o* the above-described uower. If the
threatened calamity to which you refer is im
minent, grave and farreaching in its results;
it it affect a considerable section ot the State,
involving several counties therein; if the burn
ing over of certain pasture lands will prevent
the threatened calamity; and if by no other
means the threatened calamity can be averted,
then in my judgment, a condition has arisen
which would warrant the State in making use
or' the inherent and sovereign power abors
noted.
In reply to your first inquiry I beg to say
that the State of California in its sovereign
capacity is clothed with inherent power to pro
tect and preserve its own existence and to do
al! things needful to prevent or avert ji threat
ened calamity involving widespread destruction
of persons or property. This power is based in
part upon the old and well-known principle
that private right is and always must be sub
servient to the public good. In exercising the
power thus inherently belonging to the sov
ereign, the State of California may, where It
becomes necessary, take,- use or destroy the
private property of individuals' to prevent the
impending calamity, as, tor instance, to stop
the spreading of fire, to stay the ravages of
a pestilence, to arrest tjie advance of a hostile
army or to prevent any other great public
calamity. This power of the State to. act in
cases of great public necessity does not require
statutory authority, but comes directly from
the natural law, from the right of self-preser
vation.
Attorney General Ford, In reply to the
questions of J. J. Keegan, secretary of
the State Board of Horticulture, as to the
power of the State to protect orchards
from destruction by grasshoppers and
the authority which might be exercised
by the State Board of Horticulture in
connection with this matter, rendered tn-?
following opinion yesterday: ¦
Convention Opens in Memo
rial Hall and Debates
Are Heated.
New Ferry-Boat to Be Euilt
and at Once Placed in
Commission.
Attorney General Declares in
Favor o£ State's Or
chardiste.
Will Henceforth Battle
Under Title of Indus
trial Federation.
Grasshopper Pest Can
Be Averted at Any
Expense. .
Directors of the North
Shore Line Make Good
Showing.
PASTURE LANDS
MAY BE BURIED
PEOPLE'S PARTY
TAKES NEW NAME
RAILROAD BONDS
FIND QUICK SALE
THE SAN FRAlsrCJISCO CALIj, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1902.
5
KEMP'S SUPPOSITORIES.
Avoid operations!
The very suggestion
Is terrifying. Only
a woman who suf-
fers with the disor-
ders peculiar to her
sex and Is advised
to undergo such a
dreadful ordeal can
understand, the fear
associated with it.
In order to effect
a cure the -cause
must first be re-
moved. When in-
flammation, conges-
tion, etc., exist, naturally the organs are In an
enlarged, swollen condition, and the increased
weight drags them down. Common-sense
should teach any one that all the instruments
In the world cannot heal or reduce soreness and
weakness, but only aggravate the trouble.
When Inflammation has assumed a chronic
form the organs can never relax to a normal
condition until the cause Is removed. There-
fore, nothing but a mild remedy Is required to
heal the sensitive parts. Kemp's Suppositories
never fall In all euch cases. They repair ths
wasted tissues and strengthen the organs gen-
erally, and until this Is effected no woman
can hope to be well. Kemp's Suppositories
contain no opiates to stupefy or benumb the
delicate parts, but by removing disordered con-
ditions naturally build up the entire system.
They are a sure . cure for leucorrhea and all
female complaints.
Kemp's Suppositories are put up only by the
K. S. C. Medical Co.
:iO Suppositories, $2. Call at our office or we
will send them to any address, postpaid, on re-
ceipt of price.
Berkeley, Cal.
K. S. C. Med. Co.:
A test of Kemp's Suppositories has proven
that tumors can be removed without opera-
tions. I was relieved of one after a month'8
treatment, and after using six boxes am con-
vinced that my generative organs were re-
stored to a healthy condition.
. ..••¦.. MRS. r,. H. ADAMS.
$ 1000 ofOred to any one who can prove that
the above testimonial Is not genuine.
K.S.C. Medical Co.; 1238 Market, Cor. Jones
Hours— 0 to 5; C to 7:30 p. m. Sunday, 11 to
1pm.
Kemp's Suppositories have been sold under a
full guarantee for the paet 12 years. Agents
wanted everywhere. •
YOURS FOR HEALTH
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CURES WEAK MEM FREE.
Insures Love and a Happy Home for
All.
How any man may quickly cure himself after
years of. soifferlnsr from sexual weakness, lost
vitality nljtht loaaas. varicocele. ¦ etc. . and en-
large amall, weak organs to full size and vigor.
Simply send your name and* address to Dr.
Knapp Medical Co.. 1073 Hull building:. De-
troit, Mich., and they will - gladly send th«
free recelut.* with full directiona so any man
may easily cure himself at home. Thw ta cer-
tainly a most srtnerous offer, and the following
extracts taken from tl>elr dally mail show
what men think of their Kenerosity:
•"Dear Sirs: Please acc-jpt my sincere thanks
for yours of recent date. I have ziven. your
treatment a tfccrouKh test and the benefit has
been extr.\.»rC'.iiary. It has c-.mo.iWv braced
me up. I am just as vigorous as wntn .1 l« y
and you cunnv. realize how happy I am."'
"Dear biis: Your method worked beautifal-
lv Results were exactly what I needed.
Strength and vigor have completely returned
trifl onlarKemenr 13 entirely sntisfactory. '
"Dear Sirs: Yours wa* received and I batt
no trouble in makinc use of the receipt as di-
rected and can truthfully say It Is a boon to
weak 'men. I am sreitly Improved in size,
strength and vtoror."
All correspondence Is strictly .confidential,
mailed in plain, seated envelops." Thereeetnt
ta free for.th« asking and they . watt «T«y
man to have it.
S Another big sale Embroidered Grass Linen Overcolldrs begins Thursday. J
I Wednesday Sale *m yyf 0 • Mercerized Sateen, $
\J OOO Laundry Bags. '-A8^rf&^'JkAJ-''Mki***>. tGCm :?
The prett>st and best lots of Laundry Bags we MM A '"'¦ Wednesday only, 6st black Mercerized Sateen, "*
t have ever offered at special sa!e. ; Excel-ent : * M M MOliS %f tTWfJJL^. 33 inchcj wide, soft siteen finhh looks like 3«
V quality of washable cretonne, in large floral - CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST* " inir*^' ' ,..,.. ,*
\ £^^ ' '^^T:' : we %
I A Big Towel Sale, * %' o ?6Jy£n%. m \ Great Sale Double-Coated 5
J Six different grades and qualities of the v most popular Patent Granite I TOH Ware* *
I makes of Huck, Dice and Turkish Towels, on sale The'Hdme Furnishing Department was crowded %
J to-day at prices that judicious hotel and house keepers cannot afford to /\ V^ Monday and Tursday with thrifty housekeepers, bay- {
£ overlook. It will repay you, not only to replenish for present uses, but to <?sfe=§jfe^=j|^ ing the highest grade of double-coated enameled *
X lay in a stock for future needs at these prices. Every, towel perfect, reh«- ml ill )) ware that is made at* a very slight J
jr- b'.e, first-class, high-grade 'goods, worth a third more than thS I #\J ¦j^^^-t ag!8 . .-^^ advance en manufacturer's prices. *
$ .Sfiteprices,, ;£: : tT , , : R§|S~-2i31? This is the first time that this class *
jvLotl-B'-eachedHuck Towels, mcely Lot .4-Bcst Beached Huck Towels, of granite iron ware has everbeen %
% > hemmed, almost all linen, size i8x \ very close weave, size i8x34inchcs, (S^iB£2S4 ==jgjff offered on special sa< in California. S
g 36 inches, each. Q o each gfc f^-^^^g^\ :^^=gf|L It will outlast for years the single- %
I? Lot 2— Dice Damask Towels, good Lot 5— Super-Bleached Turkisa Tow- V -gSL: V =^i|l^coated varictv, and the sale 1 prices $
$ looking and good quaity, size 18x35 c!s, a luxury in the bathroom, each V^___^^^ ts=^^^^ tIC much j owcr 0^^ J
I ,I^S f :e"tdTuVkiih"Towei f f£ Lot'e-ExtriB^ached Huck'Towdsf charged for the cheap kind. , .- j. |
5» a ,,„,'. . . , 3 -quart 73c Coffee Pots . .... .' . 57O Doubls-Coated Gas Stov: Kettles, with double •»
* large, heavy, well made ; quality, s:z= 20x40 inches, none more use- .J^ %^ n Du uble-Coated Water Buck ets, co ?P eroid bottom, $1.00 rix; . . . . B3o 5
jf • each..... ................ 14S ful, each f4tS .worth 65c and 75c, for . . . . . . 4Qc Double-Coated $i.z$ Rice BoHers . . Q8c S
A? ! 1 : 1 i : 1 — : — 10-quart Double-Coated Water Buckets.. 55G Double-Coated 25c PuJding Pans .... 1Qo ¦?
J" FireWOrlSS HeadV m SltntntBr Qii Unti 9* inch 2OC Double-Coated Pie Plates . .ISO Dou3k-Coatcd6-bchSaucers. . . . .90 '{
£ Out-of-town orders for Fireworks .braid be' #»^« Q # «#»-.*.#¦« fO« f^ f° uble - Coatcd 7 ° C T ". Pots >_^ h Double-Coated z^c Fruit jar Filler,. . .18O <f
J. sent in as soon as possible now, t3 insure delivery GrOBt &GSB3 m f& 9 19O. enameled war: covers . ' - - 57p Double-Coated j 2.00 Asparagus Boilers^ j
5? • ii f rhr "Fourth " - *— Double-Coatel 70c Fry Pans 49o $/»49 5
K Ou ,. I Rreiorks Catalogue 1 1 R.-dv It teds i^H^W "3 dezsn of this Double-Coated li-hole 7 cc Muffin Pans . 47c Dcuble-Coated 50c Colander, 33 G 2*
» OU. FireworKSlatalcguc I, Ke-dy-.It te.Js r^< W^MMjh^ «--ason*s most stylish Double-Coated 60c Saucepats 39u Doub'c-Coated 40c Oblong Pudding Dishes . . ,%
S. al! about home displays and gives prices for ' V\ v}ffl*43?*!XFf$l Cr^t "srarfe tnrV r^ . . — „ •*•»•* t » o «
i all kinds of Fireworks. Mailed to any out- 1 a^w^iS Double - Coated ic-quart 93 c Preserving . . . . 25O <$
\ otewa address upon application, and city If f^^^ isuSble U wo- *""'" ' * " &M> *'<> Doub! C -Co«=d f,. S o Oval Duhpass. . Q 8 O J
J, folks can obtain a. copy in our Fireworks \ lulS^ "** W^ men's or men's . tAlld mn-y, matlV Otier ifemS. £
tf Department, on second floor. 1 ' " lB» -*$l wear, made b all of ' : ~ — ~ ~ ,%
$ A g* nnt i I fRLJ5 the new Madras Sheet Music, 1 2 l>c. ' Rubber Gioves. $
S" idfir~Y ¦** W »»WW ft\ TfiS^jSSs wash materia's, in c . ¦•- - ' • y . 2 , ,- v » . /0~\ ' ' *«
%t JikJ* <?*»M9M0M ®L •¦' $$£^i white or co o-s— the Sevent y- flve P« cent reaction from publisher s Jr\\ A big shipment 'Z
5 W Summer .ift^JHp^ &^&^^«i**F*& . /^|] rfNo^nW J
•» li v «?»»»# r T *ihW»' iv n Music. While the quantities we have on j&s J» x n k- r Gloves arrved %
I ¦•jtcL' &BMsfr, j l ayk- T]\?:™ 7*1 h^ i « t - • • • • 210**50 /\<r YSJS^F^ %
» \ JW ffft I 'I 'IJM each^ At the big "Up-to-Datc Lancers." / jjfc\ \ them now in aI1 '%
K MSMt/ s>l \ VP D^"* Jfa L $a1f store, Wednesday "My Dinah." / ,/ IM \\ «»" and thre= co 1 - *
h P"W <^\ \ This sale positively \ i|l>* and Thursday. . . "Baby, You's; the Swdlsst Girl." \/ -*y \4\\\ °"» black »
it M fffl 1 \ cn( k Saturday night. ¦•. - l£ k/ . . •§ &$* - "Tommy." > 7 jjB I * *' and red, at the "^
tf W Mil » K \ Four days more are '"- %$ ' ' ' B&Q «'i\Iistress NV1 Waltzu." *jOll Jfiv 11/ III s P edall y low P rkc « 5
i° W mvK. Vr* le'ttoyouto embrace " ' ' ' . "Valley of Kentucky." 'VW^^Aj/D *** ' ' ' $*'*5 $
»" ni HX^^a I this 8reat Sult oppor ' ' ~~ '' ~~" '' "Irma Wa'tzes." . 'I \Mt if I /if FauJUess Rubber 3*
K rn^ f tunit y- If vou are Fiour To-Dav* 77cm lirJltii v/^ doves— Pure gum, x
•f M / \\\ planning to get an- ** * tog* lift AM Cuftztin^ U il l\i ]] S ht wcI X ht » P« r '•
K WTb 11 W other summer suit, And many other linej of reliable, high-grade ¦*«a*#J«Jf *#•«/ aeaiassjp [//$[$ P 1^ • • • • 75O Jt
•>* H \*[ . come in and look at Groceries at equally as low prices for to-day's- $1 OS U X
5C '¦¦" l|ti thess before you buy. special selling. "** * ¦ — — r - -—- - X
* ft M They are up-to-date, Our Hest Flour— Emporium brand, white as A small lot of about loo pairs ve.-y cho 1C c qua!- Matted PSCfUrCS '
*. | \ stylishly cut business snow, makes splendid bread and cake; ltv G.enadme snowflike curtains, 6 colors X
ft ¦ \ ' \ s«k suits, made from Wednesday only, sack. . . . . .77c with stripes of different colors, just the right f<FC# X
S( I \ good chtviots,. cassi- Extra Singapc re Mneapple— Who!e; Wcdnes- . material for bedroom windows and over drapesj „ . - . . ¦¦-.- ¦••¦ .%
S \ \ Lres and serges. Are day, large tins . . f6o w ould b= cheap at $1.45 per Wednesday only, large planno print* handsome- X
$ .1 \ actually fj 0.00,. Washing Soda-Wednesday 25 lbs, 3UO pair; sale price Wednesday .. ly matted m extra gray heavy mats, with X
% V, \ $14.50 and Jxs.oo Swi« Cheese-- Ementhal, best imported; _ 12-inch circular cprrung outside measure- J
£•¦ U L «k price until closing Wednesday, 1b .. . . . '. . . . . 2 7O - c* " , *** ment 19^x19^ mches; there are zo choice V
i» <&& £R tins Saturday night. Maple 5u g ar-We!sh Bros.' pure maple^ SBiTipie PjCGCS reproductions ot popular standard subjects, m- X
I »¦ $7-40 SfeSliiS Fine Furniture Ipgp&ggS,^ *
£» "~" " 0-^,., »; . ¦ «i- *m *. irm - and c ear, and they are wonderful m — «
I Liquors To-Day. S^^^g,® #£S > a# Cut PWces ' *** £»**?£* *4c |
,3t_ Wrlis Whis '.y-r-Sour mash, pure aged goods, pound; Wednesday . . . ¦ 4 lhs 9 25G We are closing out a great many sample pieces - X
*£ rich and mellow; gaKon . . . . . $3.1 0 Raspberry or Strawberry Jam or Jel.y — In of furniture to make room in the show room The &Z2I*i3Bf SaiC £
% bottle . 743 glass, test new goods; Wendesday .. ... for incoming Fall stocks. Savings ranging w«# gstsm *J>*MiCm 3
tl Ginger Ale— Taylor's, equal to imported; dozen -3 fOf 25c from 30 to 50 p;r cent on thes: pieces this Dozens of this season's designs of which we only % X
JC 75C " : . week. Here are a few examples of the sales have small quantities left are being closed out 5
?» Malt Extract — Pabst Best Summer Tonic: _ prices. . . . ' , . . -o ¦ m
t» Wednesday, dozen $2.25 &SV2 YOUi* EVOS. Open Bookcise-Solid oak, width 45 inches, this week at greatly reduced prices. Bang X
% Choxe Sweet Wines— Angelica, Tokay or Sfnnkt^ti Gla<S<Sac fJ»*» height 46 inches, four shelves; a nice piece of measurement of rooms with you if conren- jj
** Madeira, good old stock; Wednesday, dozen «"*«"»««• wwoa , e *l lOUm f urn i ture / or d en s; worth /4.50} sa'e price ient - Body Brussels, full 5 trame Persian X
» a ¦ $1 OS 1 Wednesday the ' . ........... $2mS5 an<^ eata ' des : gns, worth from {1.25 to <J
Jk* Hire's Rootbecr— Carbonated, all ready fcr use; x^SlHlKT^^ '-C^'WlTr^ re^ u * ar S oc Smoked Wicker Rtczption Chairs— Nobby designs, $1.50 per yard; now . OSO jt
If dozen. . . .,..'. . . . . . ,. Q8O 'wv% 7/iw/w yC <^-' asses » r ' m * made of belt quality of wicker; worth- from Rugs, 9x6 feet, made up of body Brussels, X
ft ¦ Orange Cider" — An excellent summer drink; w^W^^ xwTMx 1 ' ess > offset cork • $6.50 to $8. 00; sa'e price this week $3*35 velvet and tapestry; a good covering for bed- '&
2* bott'e . . . . . v . . . . ... ... 20 fi nose-piece, gold al- Rocking (.hai'S — Birdseye maple, upholstered rooms and dining rooms; worth {12.00 ta £
K Crown - CccXtails — Manhattan, Vermouth, loy or nickel sprbgs; on sale, per *+% with tilk tapestry; a!so b mahogany and oak; {15.00; this week to close JW ~*
J£ Whisky and Martini; bottle. . . $f,OO ' pair ... JoC worth $ 5.00; sale price to close .. $3m25 -• $&*^O 'J
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
THE EMPORIUM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good enough
for anybody!
I y\LL Havana Filler
" FL0R0DORA " BAUDS en
cf same value as tags from
"STAR." "HORSE SHOE,"
"SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NA IT."
" OLD PEACH & HONEY," ¦
"SAW LOG." "OLE VARCINY"
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
\ j6 iniMi^
Ifi^Pill RUPTURE]
-«*TKIC TRISS M
r"^^*riJ<^-^.'othiiis:liVeit. Comfort &fi?
J— /&£%?'' security! A Perfect Retainer. Mr
\ fjzr >." does the work ! 00*" Call or JBJ
*' ' / fjj V writ* iodav\or "eookletko. 1/* SSA
Address: Magnetic E.Trsss Co* Jk»
ar 206 Port Street, San Francisco, C*U ¦Bj
>i S3 W. 24 th St., tfew York, Mwtloa till P»per fg££§
I DR.PIERCES
f€SO>HiI>EIVfi
MEDICAL
jE&ISOWERY
FOR THE -
I B*.QOP,UVER.UJNGS.
ffc CHtCKECTCR'S CNGUSH
,~^»"~V _ . __ i'rieinwkl and Only tirjnnintt.
it rt-kTS. SAFE - *'-*.'• r*u»hl«. LadJek uk Drwrtm
/^ujr&iv *•' chiChkstek's knglish
tgyH^tfsa *>» UCV or* Oold n{i»'J!e boxes. «nJ*4
Z\ rrrW^S!" iLil " :r!fct>o11 - T«ker.» «iker. BcTaa*
;'i Vli hutxattatlOH* «md Imlto
I / ID tt<olM « Buy »f r»er Rronrt't. or **cd 4*. fa
I <£. *a ;*«£»*?/ Parti*.!*™. Te»Um«nlal8
\ C» fc* •" " KelUf for l.»ri I e»." fit utttr, b, r«.
— V ,,l vr " Mltli. 1 <>.<»!. l>1..t.lmoLia>-. gold bj
, TrrT/.. U£C "i*- ,. *"•»•«»•*•*«,. Cher IralOv,
UrvCtm tM« pep"*. ti.-.il.ior **«!__*-. rJL.
,~ f - £T TT> B * ds » Cfaa«r«. Stoves. Kte.
/ * A '•*• ' ¦» H F» 'Xuu ''jr runt aud lor bale.
I /Jt \'*i\\ yJP '-¦¦•' •>-• Kin-.*, l-lihing Tackl*
/ft IgS g ar.d (tporunjf Cuuds. Send
I JjTL i>B M I cr Catalogue. SHKEVE &
~ ~ l-.AUlsKi: <.G.. 72-j Market
• I.. :, r<i Ml K>arnv ft.
isfe s, TOM SHE BIN,
1L _^ Ty. iri-se T>a"an<j Hrrb Sanitarium,
n™ f.h t.'all and liend Testimonials
Uw>- /-jrA at OfScr.
W^ ' ' J&x f,tr. KEARNT PTrtEET.
fW^i^isJ " c "t. Har rwn.Miio p.ri'i Commercial,
HSaMilMl £in Francisco, Cat.WEDNESDAY... JUNE i& iooa
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
litnu All CcttEtricttieni to W. 8. LEASE, Htstger.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You "ft Ish.
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE. .. Market an« Tlitrd. S. F.
1:UITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Steven«cm St.
Delivered by Currier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, tv Cent*.
Term* t»r Mall. Including Pomtngmt
DAILT CALL Uncludlns Eunday). one year $6.60
DAILY CALL including Sunday). 6 months 8.00
MAILT CALL (including Sunday), 3 months/. 1.B0
UA1LT CALL— By Single Month 65c
fLTCDAY CALL. One Tear 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eample copies will be forwarded when requested.
M«JI eubscrfbers in ordering cha: r* of address should be
rertlcular to Eire both NEW AND OLl> ADDRESS In order
to ia\cre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
ilAKtAJVD OFFICE.... 1113 : Broadway
C. GEORGE KHOGXESS.
Yittgu Foreign Advertising, M&rqnetU Building, Chle»g» .
iLone Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: f
C. C. CARLTOX... Herald Square
.NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
tTEPHEX B. SMITH HO Tribune Building?
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS: *
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, SI Union Square;
Hurray HUl Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
EbarmaB House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
frement House; Auditorium Hotel. /
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . . .1406 G St.. X. W.
JIORTOX E. CRAKE, Correspondent.
The oid Exchange building on Pine ' street ;has
been sold for $300,000,. and now, if the purchasers can
find all the money that has been dropped -in it and
lost since .the. day of its opening they will have a
bonanza; ... _ "~?
There is a movement on foot among the New
York Democrats to erect a monument to Tilden at
Washington, and it may succeed, as there seems no
other way of getting a Democratic candidate for the
Presidency anywhere near the caoita 5
A New York report commenting upon the effect of
the weather, upon society says that most of the men
in evening dress at the theaters wear straw hats.
That seems like-'a perverse combination, but p'robably
there is nothing immoral in it. ' *- r - :
Statistics of judicial proceedings in ; Great Britain
recently presented in a parliamentary report show
that during the year 1900 there was an average of
one lawsuit for every twenty-five persons' in the
kingdom. Evidently that is a great country for
Governor Jefferson Davis of Arkansas has had two
notable incidents in his life of late. A church has by
unanimous vote expelled him for getting drunk on
several occasions, while the Democratic State con
vention has unanimously renominated him for Gov
ernor — perhaps for the same reason.
( At a recent garden fete in England where a prize
was offered for the most charmingly decorated ve
hicle the honor was carried \>ft by a pony cart decor
ated with yellow, gorse and bluebells and drawn by
four pretty girls on bicycles. It is safe to say,' how
ever, that the judgment in the case was not fair and
that the judges: were mor e influenced by the team
than by the cart. •' ..
divided and circumscribed by religious and sec
tarian differences.
The former President then addressed the
graduates, pointing out some of the duties
and responsibilites they were entering
upon, and concluded as follows:
"You may be sure that you will fail
to meet these obligations if you are not
constantly and solemnly Impressed with
the conviction that your educational ad
vantages are only valuable as they bet
ter fit you to do your duty to your God
to your country, and to your fellow-
Mr. and Mrs. Cleveland, and the other
The House spent the day considering
bills reported from the Judiciary Com
mittee. By far the most important meas
ure was that to amend the existing bank
ruptcy law. The minority made a vigor
ous effort to repeal the present law in
toto, but was overwhelmingly defeated, 65
to 137. The bill passed amends the law
In fifteen particulars to meet defects
which It is said experience has proven.
The most important amendment is one
to define preference, to meet the Supreme
Court decision in the case of Pirie vs the
Chicago Title and Trust Company. Four
additional grounds for refusing a dis
charge in bankruptcy also are added:
First, obtaining property on credit on ma
terially false statements: second, making
a fraudulent transfer of property; third
having been granted or denied a discharge
in bankruptcy within six years, and
fourth, having refused to obey the order
©f the court or refusal to answer to ma
.terial questions approved by the court.
An evening session was held for the
consideration of. bills reported from the
Indian Committee.
The arguments of the Senators In sup
port of the Nicaragua route were made
especially on the ground of feasibility and
business ' wisdom. Stewart and Morgan
both contended that the health conditions
in Nicaragua were superior to those in
Panama.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— Throughout
to-day's session of the Senate the isth
mian canal question was under consider
ation. Speeches were delivered by Per
kips of California, Gallinger of New
Hampshire, Stewart- of Nevada and Mor
gan of Alabama. AH advocated the adop
tion of the Nicaragua route except Ofal
linger, who made an argument In support
of the Panama route, and who said his in
vestigations convinced him that the Pan
ama route was the more heajrtiful of the
two.
It wilL be a sad day for our nation when
the forces of education and the teachers, of
moral living shall ¦ cease to strive In unity to
leaven the entire mass of our citizenship or
wherr their 'influence 'in" that "direction 'shall '- : be
- This it seems to me is impressively illus
trated when the severely Catholic College of
St. Thomas- of "Villanova bestows its highest
honorary degree upon one connected with tha
management and holding an honorary degree
in the severely Protestant Princeton University.
The processes of education, as they exist In
this country of ours, have, or always should
Have, in addition to other characteristics, es
pecial harmony of purpose and design, as they
are related to our Government, and this
should constitute between our Institutions of
learning a bond of close fraternity. Whatever
other objects and purposes may be involved in
educational efforts among us, one of Its con
stant and prominent aims should be the culti
vation and maintenance of, a high standard of
American citizenship. When we recall the fact
that the beneficence of our scheme of govern
ment depends upon the virtue of education of
units of our citizenship, it is at once apparent
that an important and common duty rests upon
every agency that undertakes tha instruction
of the youth of our land. ¦,
, This incident' prominently suggests to my
mind the Imperious edict of education, which
forbids the hindrance or disturbance of lta high
mission by religious discrimination, social in
tolerance or. any • of the barriers tha,t to a.
greater or less extent separate civilized hu
manity. The republic of education ia based
uiicn identical »lm, equal rights in its oppor
tunity and impartiality In the distribution of
its rewards and honors.
The exercises were held in the college,
Archibshop Ryan presiding. Previous to
the conferring of the djplomaa Mr. Cleve
land spoke as follows: /
PHILADELPHIA, June 17.— For the
first time in the United States the honor
ary degree of doctor of jurisprudence was
conferred to-day at the Augustinian Col
lege of St. Thomas of Villanova. The re
cipient was former President Cleveland,
who had already had the degree of LL. D.
conferred by the Princeton University.
S The ceremony of conferring the degree
upon Mr. Cleveland was a part of the
commencement exercises of the college
and followed the dedication of a new
monastery, college and chapel. The Aus
trian Embassador, Ladislaus Hengelmuel
ler, Baron von Hengerbar, received the
honorary degree of doctor of philosophy.
Honorary degrees were also conferred-aa
follows: The Rev. William J. Hill, LL. D.,
rector of St. Paul's Church, Brooklyn, and
Judge Morgan J. O'Brien of New York,
Ph. D. Doctor of ' laws— Former Judge
Joseph F. Daly of New York and Judge
T. F. Fitzgerald of New York.
SENATORS URGE
THE NICARAGUA
CANAL ROUTE
Simpson Memorial Church. The floral
decorations" were lavish and the wedding
party was handsomely arrayed. Rev.
John Stephens officiated. The bride wa3
•attended by Miss Annie Gruwell, maid of
honor; Miss Nancy Goody, flower girl, and
three bridesmaids — Miss Kate Dunker,
Miss Delia Atkinson and Miss Edith
Veghtel. After the church ceremony a
reception wa3 held at the bride's home,
to whJch a number of friends were in
vited. Later In the evening Mr. and Mrs.
Eabcock departed on their wedding trip
southward. Upon their return they will
reside at 1205 Waller street, this city, the
groom being connected with the Crocker-
Woolworth Bank.
HANDSOME TODNG WOMAN
WHO MARRIED 'A CITIZEN
OF SCOTLAND.
Bribing voters by the loan of oxen is a new form
of corrujition, and has the merit of being economical.
It will be seen that even when on victory bent the
Vermont politician retains a thrifty mind. -
Charges r and counter charges of bribery at the
primaries fill the Vermont air. Among the affi
davits published on the subject is one that runs thus:
"I, S. Deno,. 73 years of age, a legal voter in the town
of Shoreham, county of Addison, State of Vermont,
duly 'Jo depose* an^Ssay pn oath that I was offered the
use of a pair of oxen for two months by M. Mack,
one of J. G. McCyllough's managers, to cast my ballot
at the Republican caucus held at Shoreham, jVt., on
May 31, 1902, for the McCullough candidates to the
State convention to be held at Montpelier, Vt., on
June IV, 1902." • ; . • .
Whatever may be the cause of the trouble there is
no denying the existence of the trouble itself. At the
primaries the neutral candidate is said to have ob
tained the election of 312 delegates to the State con
vention, the prohibitionists 169 and the local option
man 222. There are twenty-five other votes, not
pledged, and the convention, which assembles on
Thursday, is expected to be red-hot and full of
ginger.
There are- various theories. concerning the cause of
the outbreak. Three rich men are candidates for the
Republican nomination for Governor, and some say
their money has done the talking that has caused all
the excitement. One faction stands for prohibition,
another for high license and local option, while the
third is neutral; so some folks say whisky is at the
bottom of the row. Finally, one candidate represents
the Central Vermont -Railway, another the Rutland
Railway, while the third represents no railway; and
accordingly the inference is drawn that the ruction is
nothing more nor less than a large and general rail
way collision.
FOR many a year past politics in Vermont has
been safe, quiet and one-sided. So much of a
foregone conclusion has each successive election
been that flippant people in other States have spoken
of a r Republican nomination in Vermont as a sure
thing, a pudding, a snap and a cinch. This year the
unexpected has happened.' The long dormant volca
noes of political, strife have broken out in a Pelee
eruption. There is more politics to the acre in Ver
mont this year ; than in New York, Pennsylvania,
Ohio, or even, Indiana. So great has been the up
roar that all JJew England has become excited, and
even in Washington political experts are neglecting
the affairs of the nation to talk of Vermont.
Beginning the new era in their history with such
a spirit, the Boers are almost certain to achieve in
the end the high purpose at which they aimed. Men
who can meet dangers so bravely and bear disaster
with such fortitude may be .overcome by resistless
numbers, but they can never be completely" con^
quered. Meeting their former foes without malice
the Boers will face the new conditions .of their
country and prove themselves the dominant element
of its population/so that in the end the federation of
South Africa will be essentially a -Boer republic
animated by the'Boer spirit.
Were Dewet the only eminent leader of the burgh
ers who lias spoken in that way the utterance might
be supposed to be the expression of feelings peculiar
to himself. However, he is not the only one. All
other notable representative men of Boers have said
substantially, the same thing. For example, General
Botha and Acting President Schalkburger of the
Transvaal in an address to their people after the sur
render said: ."Now, that there is peace, and although
it is not a peace such as we longed for, yet let us
abide where God has led us. We can, with a clear
conscience, declare that for two and a half years pur
people have carried on the struggle in a mariner al
most unknown to history. Let us now grasp each
other's hands, for another great struggle lies before
us _ a struggle for the spiritual and racial prosperity
and welfare of our people. Casting aside all feelings
of bitterness, let us learn to forget and to forgive, so
that the deep wounds caused by this war may be
healed "
Speaking- to the Boers in the prison camp at Win
burg General Dewet, after acivising them to be loyal
to the Britith Government, said: "Perhaps it is hard
for you to hear this from- my mouth, but God has
decided thus. I fought until there was no more hope
cf upholding our cause, and, however it may be, the
lime has now come to lay down our arms. As a
Christian, God now demands that we be faithful to
our new Government. Let us submit to his deci
sion.",, . .
There- is no inconsistency between the vigorous
prosecution of what threatened to become a war of
extermination and the frank acceptance of peace. In
each case the spirit is the same — that of an intense
religious fervor, a firm fixed belief that the destiny
of mortals is decreed by the 4 will of God; that when
a man has done his best, heroically, but failed, it
then becomes his duty to submit with fortitude to the
ways of Providence.
:WeVe this spirit of loyalty accompanied by a feel
ing of hatred for the victor and a desire for revenge
the association would seem natural. In fact, when
the war was raging it was believed that a people so
stern as the Boers would never be reconciled to
British rule even were it established over their coun
try by irresistible force. No such feeling, however,
has been manifest since the terms of I peace were
agreed upon. On the contrary, there has been a
remarkable display of good will on both sides.
Kitchener's speeches to the Boers have been suffi
ciently noble and generous in sentiment to be termed
magnanimous, while those of the Boer leaders have
shown in ihe acceptance of defeat a spirit as lofty as
that which prompted them in their hours of bright
est hope.
GENERAL DEWET visited the prison camp
at Winburg last Friday and was received by
the Boers with an extraordinary manifesta
tion of loyalty and affection. The men cheered him
and the women and children were moved to tears
in their efforts to express their love for their hero.
Kitchener, the victor of the war, will never receive
such a welcome as was accorded by the conquered
burghers to their defeated hero. It was another
manifestation of the indomitable courage of the
Boer people. In defeat as in victory they remain true
to their leaders and their cause.
TROUBLE IN VERMONT.
THE BOER SPIRIT.
EX-PRESIDENT
CLEVELAND IS
GIVEN DEGREE
Miss Emma F. Owens, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. C. Owens, and Arthur R.
Babcock -were married last evening at
Among the notable events of Shriners'
-week was a dinner given by Noble and
Mrs. S. L. Kline of Al Kader Temple.
Portland, Or. , at their residence, 1630
Hayes street, in honor of their friends
from Portland and Kansas City. Their
home was handsomely -decorated, colors
of tho Shrine predominating.
A delightful ping pong party was given
by Miss Ruth Ford at her residence, 447
Bryant street, Thursday night. Prizes
were awarded to Miss M. Hamilton, Miss
R. Ford and J. Moroney. The guests were
Misses Bruce, F. Ford, II. Hamilton, I*
Danager, S. McGrill, A. O'Connor, C.
Spencer, N. White, F. Hitchcock,
D. Black; Messrs. Moroney, C. Dolce, M.
Hurley, C. Strong, W. Henry, H. Otten
heimer, J. Frank, B. Beaver and M.
Crooks. </; • .
Mr. and Mrs. Dalziel departed for the
south on their wedding trip, but did not
make known their destination.
land. The bride is a daughter of
the late Frederick Greenham of this city.
Rev, Mr. Guthrie of the First Presbyterian
Church officiated. The wedding occurred
at the residence of the bride's sister, Mrs.
P. Livingston Dunn, 1823 Oak street. Only
relatives were present and at the break
fast which followed covers were laid for
twenty. The decorations were pink and
white, principally baby roses. - The bride
was attended by Miss S. McNab, maid
of honor, and Wallace E. Cook acted as
best man. The bride, a tall, "striking
blonde, was handsomely attired in white
chiffon over silk, with bridal veil of tulle.
She carried a shower bouquet of baby
rcses.
AT a pretty home wedding yester
day at high noon Miss May
Greenham became the bride of
David Danziel of Glasgow, Scot-
. the progress of the country. If we have free trade as
a principle we can at least figure on the future and c it
our cost according to our cloth
industry so uncertain as to injure them and hinder
tween this country and the islands.
Among the many valid objections to that annexa
' tion was the condition there that makes Asiatic coolie
fcbor absolutely necessary to the profit of the planta
tions and the prosperity of the islands. This objec
tion was frequently and" forcibly made by The Call,
End its correctness has been cbnfessed by the an
nexation party on the islands, who plead for a dif
ferential policy as to coolie labor that will exclude
it from the continent but permit it in the archipelago.
Cuba has a large laboring population of tropical ne
groes and has less need for Asiatic coolies. Long
before the annexation of Hawaii we controlled more
than 90 per cent of her trade, so that no commercial
perturbation could possibly follow the political ab
sorption of that country. , "
As the President is retrospective others may in
dulge in that method of argument When the Ding
ley tariff passed the sugar rate was framed to protect
American cane and beet sugar. Dingley, Dalzell and
Payne so declared, and put that feature before the
farmers of the country as the highest merit of the
measure affecting the interests of agriculture. Ding.
ley is dead, but Payne and Dalzell are living and still
in their' seats in the House. What they said to cheer
the farmers on for the Dingley tariff has been
quoted to them during the debate on Cuban free
trade, and they sat silent.
Suppose now, to be retrospective again, that when
we responded to the cry of Cuba in 1898 she had
asked that we not only give ler freedom at our ex
pense but that we also give lfcr free trade, does any
one believe that we would have responded to the
mercenary request? Her appeal was sentimental en
tirely, and in those days, when we sympathized with
her aspiration for freedom to the extent of violating
the neutrality .laws and our treaties with Spain to aid
4 her -in rebellion long before our formal declaration
of war, no sordid motive mingled with her appeal for
help. If such motive had been suggested, would our
response have met with .such general approval? Let
the President answer that question.
Retrospection 'confirms the declaration that not a
shot would have been fired in behalf of Cuba'had the
commercial motive been whispered. This being true,
the attack upon protection is an afterthought en
tirety. It has influenced our Cuban policy since the
liberation only, and not before. In our view it
threatens the whole policy of protection. If it be true
that we need the thirty millions of Cuban trade, it is
I still truer that we need the many hundred millions of
trade of the British Isles, and if we adopt free trade
to get the small trade of Cuba, what answer can the
President make if free trade is said to be necessary
to hold our commerce with Great Britain?
If protection is a policy of expediency and not of
principle it is far better to abolish it entirely, because
when treated as expediency it makes investment and
ignorance of the trade relations long established be-
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT has entered into
the cause of Cuban free trade with his usual
zeal, earnestness and frankness. Congress and
the country have the felicity of knowing just where
he stands. In his special message on that subject he
indulges in one faulty retrospection, to which atten
tion may be called. He draws an analogy between
Cuban free trade and the opposition thereto and the
objections that were made to the annexation of
Hawaii. In that connection he says: "Some of our
citizens oppose the lowering of the tariff on Cuban
products just as three years ago they opposed the
admission of the Hawaiian Islands lest free trade
with them might ruin certain of our interests here.
In the actual event their fears proved baseless as re
gards Hawaii, and their apprehensions as to the
carnage to any industry of our own because of the
proposed measure of reciprocity with Cuba seem to
be equally baseless.*'
While it is true that such an objection to the an
nexation of Hawaii may have been made in some
quarters, it weighed so little in the general mass of
opposition that but few can recall it. As a matter of
fact Hawaii, for more than twenty years, had free
trade with this country in all her staple products and
free exchange with sll our staples necessary to the
life of her people. So, if such objection as * the
President recalls were made, it originated in entire
CUBA AND HAWAII.
It will be noted that the Prison Directors have set a day for beginning an investi
gation of the same matters that are involved in the Governor's suit for betterment of
his reputation. They will need the same witnesses; the same books, accounts and records
and may need them at the same time that they are under subpena at San Pedro. Does
the Governor desire to prevent investigation by the Prison Directors? It is quite cer
tain that a judicial inquiry, going' on at San Pedro and an administrative investigation
going on at the same time at San Quentin will not serve the ends of justice, nor tend to
develop the facts. It may be that responsibility for a proper trial and an. unembarrassed
inquiry will be thrown upon the defendants, and, if so," they will not hesitate to assume
it, for they have no wish to lie down upon the taxpayers, as the Governor has done, nor
to delay nor hinder the consideration of the mass of evidence in the case. , '
A man who is in the pangs of longing for vindication, who is hectic with a
febrile desire to appear whiter than snow before the State Convention occurs, should
have sought more convenient means and a handier locality in which to give his reputauon
a bath. We believe there is a Justice of the Peace at Indio, in the Colorado Desert, below
the level of the sea. Why did not the Governor go to Indio? What does he fear in San
Francisco, Sacramento or even in Los Angeles? If he is all right, and can disprove all
pleas of justification made by the defendants, his disproof is just as good in sight of San
Quentin and the scene of the charges as out of sight, in far away San. Pedro. If he desire
speedy justice why go so far for a forum that justice will get footsore plodding to the trial?
• The Governor is evidently determined to restore the gaudy glow of his good
name, regardless of the cost to the people. Just why he chose San Pedro is not dis
closed. That quiet marine town has not heretofore established a reputation as a libel
trial resort. It had a somewhat stormy birth as a seaport, and was favored by Congress
because of its obvious advantages as the port of Los Angeles, and - there seems to
be nothing in its past, present or future to recommend it a» a sanitarium for damaged
reputations, or a receiving hospital for good names that have been sprained in other
parts of the State. In fact its sole adaptability to the Governor's uses seem to be its ex
treme distance from the scene of the accident which he, complains has befallen
his character. /
It is nearly five hundred miles from San Quentin to San Pedro. In a proceeding
for criminal libel the people have to pay the expenses of the actual plaintiff, who in this
case is the Governor of California. An officer has to come with the warrant, handcuffs' and
mileage, to drag the trembling prisoners far from home and friends', and is entitled to col
lect, for himself and them, railroad fare and .seventy-five cents a meal, eh route. The
books and accounts of the prison, records in the Controller's office, if they have got
back from' the Governor's private inquiry, and the witnesses, including officers of the
prison and prisoners in, their charge, all must be taken to San Pedro and returned in
good repair, at the public expense.
¦ - X • ¦ ¦ ¦ : ; - - ¦•¦¦ ¦ ; - " ¦¦¦-¦- ¦'¦-¦¦¦¦ • '
i A - ; FTER overmature deliberation, and endurance of what he declares to be crim
/Vj inal libel until it should gall his withers no more, the Governor of California, has
/ \ fled to distant San Pedro in search of an emulsion to improve his reputation./ A
f magistrate in that promising seaport has been appealed to, and, strictly in ac
cordance with his duty, has issued the law's warrant of arrest for the owner and the man
ager of The Call, summoning them to respond for alleged misdemeanor in publishing
the condition of affairs at San Quentin. ,
TO PRESERVE
THE LANDMARKS
OF CALIFORNIA
The following resolutions were adopted
by the Grand parlor cf the Native Daugh
ters on the subject of the preservation of
historical landmarks In the State of Cali
fornia:
"Whereas. The order of the Native Daughters
of the Golden West has already signified ft*
desire to enter upon the work outlined In tha
Reichling resolution, and
"Whereas. The historical landmarks commit
tee appointed to act under • the Relchling reso
lution has presented a full report and offered
suggestions for the consideration of the Grand
Parlor; be it ' , -
Resolved. That this Grand Parlor, here as
sembled. Indorses the aims and objects of the
California Historical Landmarks League and
of the Landmarks Club cf Southern California,
and urges Native Daughters, as Individuals,
to Join either of these associations; and be it
Resolved. That the Grand Parlor indorses the
wor» of the Pasadena Exhibit Association in
undertaking to restore El Carmel real, anj
make it tfie grand highway of the State; an I
be It '
Resolved, That the Grand Parlor Invites the
subordinate parlors to attempt to secure tha
co-operation ot their local Boards of Super
visors toward restoring that portion of tha
road passing through their respective counties;
and be It
Resolved. That this Grand Parlor indorses
the suggestions for the study of California his
tory and of the institution of a chair of Cali
fornia history in the University of California;^
and be it
Resolved, That this Grand Parlor appropriate
the sum of $50 toward purchasing books on
California topics for the Grand Parlor library
to be kept In the grand secretary'* office, the
money to be expended by the historical land
marks committee In consultation with the grand
president; and be it further
Resolved. That this Grand Parlor indorses the
committee's suggestions regarding the study of
forestry and planting of memorial trees, tha
preservation of cur wild flowers from extinc
tion and the extension of the area of our forest
reservations. %
ELIZA D. KEITH. Chairman,
LILT O. REICHLING DYER,
MINNIE W. HILKE,
Historical Landmarks Committee, N. D. G. W.
Grand President Miss Keith will, at tha
same time that she sends out her
circular address to the subordinate
parlors of the State, send a copy
of the resolutions. 1 to each. It Is tho
purpose of the officers of the Grand Par
lor to carry out the suggestion made by a
pioneer of this city to one of the. past
grand presidents about four years ago
that the Native Daughters and the Native
Sons work to the end that all kinds of his
torical facts be collated by these organi
zations for the purpose of preparing a full
history of the State and of San Francisco.
League Meeting Postponed.
The meeting of the California Historic
Landmarks' League has been postponed
until Wednesday evening. June 25, at
Balboa Hall. Native Sons' building.
CaL glare fruit 50c peS: lb at Townsend's.*
Prunes stuffed with apricot3. Townsend's.*
Townsend's California glace fruit, t-Oc a
pound, in artistic flre-etched boxes. A nico
present for Eastern friends. 633 Alarlu:
street. Palace Hotel building. \.»
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. - ¦ •
Canoe building is one of the industries
of Kennebunkport, Me., which used to
build great ships, and even now launches
an occasional schooner.
PP Going to Thunder Mountain PP
The Northern Pacific Hallway Is the best,
cheapest and quickest route. From Lew Isto.-j
and Stltes. Idaho, there are good- wagon* roads
to either Warrens or Dixie, from Which point*
the trails into this district are most accessible.
For rates, etc., address T. K. 8TATKLB 3.
G. A.. 647 Market at.. S. F. ~ - -
One bottle of Burnett's Vanilla Extract la
better than three of doubtful kind. Though, coat
ing a few cents more per bottle, Its purity and
great strength make It most economical brand.
Neglect of the hair brings baldness. TTs«
Parker's Hair Balaam and save your hair.
Hlndercorns, the best cur* for corns. IScts.
The State of "Washington has 414 lumber
mills, sawing over 9.000,000 feet per day,
turning out 29,000,000 shingles and employ*
ing 24,000 men. /-
THE FLIGHT TO SAN PEDRO
MISS MAY GREEN HAM
WEDS DAVID DALZIEL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY,! JUNE 18, 1902.
6
Call snitacrtbers eonteznpIatlajBr a change of
residence during: the summer months can hare
their paper forwarded by mall to their new
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Thfs paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local agent in
nil towns on the coast.
10 SUESCEIEEES LBAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
B.KATSCHINSKII
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. jj
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO. |
I When Values Talk
0 We Stand Foremost.
fl deYii£U are T* we the leading shoo
|| aealers? Because we give values
,| that cannot be -found elsewhere
1 Because ye sell the latest creations
I and nobbiest styles in ladles' shoes
I iie P $t? H.rf r , bef ? re , offered » n
H w£»k- t „?. ? l3 « ? leade r 'or this
1 wi?hm^i?M S » Yld , Ud lace shoes
¥3 with mat kid tops, fancy perforated H
I « !r «»lar 'oxins. coin t<£s and pat- II
II S«V™ l im er "P 3 - hand-welted soles I
fl «o Sl 1 "^ 7 he n el3 ' REDUCED to H
y s ?eJ size3 i£_i° s, widths aa 1
I 4b Cents Si
H INFANTS' and CHILDREN'S H
H TAN VICI KID LACE and BUT- If
I TON SHOES, coin toes^nd K.. I
fl hand-turned soles; widths C to E- N
H infants' sizes lft to 5U 41o : H
|1 child's sizes, with spring heels 4^ f
|j to 8, only 65 cents. ' H
El A Bargain in q
1 .Ladies' High-Cut Shoes 1
n LADIES* HIGH CUT LACE B
I SHOES (10 Inches high), suitable I
H for outing and camping, latest style I!
g toes and tips. Reduced to £1.S3 * i
y Sizes 3 to 8; widths AA to S. j|
| Bargains in [j
| Men's Tan Shoes I
g Odd lines in men's tan lace and 1
m congress shoes, latest style toes f
a and tips, hand-welted soles- for- i
I ™« rl y 30ld . from $2.50 to $4.00. He- i
ff c^fftfl 1 A B 5| L palr - Sizea6to |
d New » Illustrated catalogue just U
1 out. Send for one. g
B. KAfSCHINSKI,
1 PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO.
fa *O THIRD STREET. f
H ffan Francisco. £MEN WHO WILL CONTRIBUTE
TO SUCCESS OF THE
EAGLES' SHOW.
The city of Philadelphia now has two
recreation piers, the second, seventy feet
wide and 520 feet long, having? been opened
to the public last week.
Deputy Crabtree of the Fish i Commis
sion arrested B. W. Cullers "at Indian
Valley, Lake County, on Monday for hav
ing in his possession a dead spotted fawn.
Justice of the Peace Bruton of Lakeport
fined- tile offender $25 yesterday. "
i: . .-.¦-> ¦¦ "' ¦ ' ' .
Game Law .Violator Caught.
Charles Brendt, the peculating clerk of
Stelling Brothers, grocers at 1702 Church
street, was convicted by Judge Fritz yes
terday and : sentenced; to thirty days' in
prisonment in the County Jail. : The firm
suspected , that Brendt , was stealing and
on Saturday last got. a young lady to pay
for some' purchases; with marked coin
When Brendt was searched the money
was found in his pocket
Peculating Clerk Is Sentenced
Bids for repairing the transport War
ren were received by Major Devol, gen
eral superintendent "of the transport ser
vice; yesterday, and the contracts were
awarded to the Union Iron Works and
the Western Repair and Supply Company.
The" Union Iron Works gets the con
tract \ for repairing the engines, boilers
and hull for $3640, the electrical work for
$310 and the carpenter and joiner work
for $184. The Western Repair, and Supply
Company gets the plumbing and gallery
work for $190. . -,r -w
Other bidders were the Fulton Iron
Works, Risdon-Iron Works and Mare
Island Navy Yard. The contract awarded
in each case was to the lowest bidder.
and Western Eepair and Sup- (
ply Company.
Contracts Go' to Union Iron Works
BIDS FOR REPAIRING
WARREN" ARE RECEIVED
James E. Fields, one of the senators
from this State and doorkeeper of the
senate, left for the East yesterday, and
will in due time reach Niagara Falls.
Davis Louderback of Union Council was
chosen president and E. H. Hills of San
Francisco Council secretary. - Norman R
Arter of Golden Gate Council was placed
in nomination by W. A. S. Nicholson of
California Council,. Henry "W. Maas of
Pacific Council was nominated by J. H.
Cutter of the same council and Dr. A.
H. Mlllberry of San Francisco Council
by E. H. Hills. .
Oh the first ballot Maas received a ma
jority of the votes and on motion of Dr
Millberry, seconded by Arter, the election
was made unanimous.
The California Assembly of the Na
tional Union held a meeting in Red Men's
Hall yesterday afternoon for the purpose
of electing an additional senator to the
national senate of that order, which is
to meet at Niagara Falls on July 15, next.
There were present representatives from
all of the local* councils and from Oak
land, San Jose, Berkeley and Fresno.
sent the Order in the Highest
Body. *
Henry "W. i Maass Chosen to Repre-
A grand v night parade will probably be
the feature v of the coming Fourth of July
celebration. Market, Kearny and Mont
gomery streets will be lighted as they
were during the recent, visit of the
Shriners, and many of the principal build
ings that were illuminated on that occa
sion will add to the attraction of the pa
geant by their electric adornments.
At a meeting of the committee held
yesterday afternoon at the California
Hotel the matter of holding a parade was
discussed, and met- with general fa
vor. ,. The only obstacle in the way,
however, is the word of Colonel J. B.
Rawles that the troops from the Presidio
cannot parade at night. >A* large number
of merchants have expressed a determi
antionto place handsome floats in the
line of march, and with the National
Guard and civic organizations the absence
of the soldiers may not' be greatly noted.
Fireworks will be exploded along the line
of march, and the entire affair promises
to be one of the most brilliant of its kind
ever held in the city. - ¦ ,. .
Owing to the additional cost of lighting
Market, Kearny and Montgomery streets
on the night of the Fourth of July it was
decided to solicit subscriptions to the
amount of $000, so that the allotment for
fireworks will not have to be curtailed;
An effort will be made to have a man-of
war artistically illuminated in the harbor.
A petition will be presented to the Gov
ernor of the State asking him to declare
Saturday, July 5, a legal holiday, and the
various religious denominations will . be
requested to embody patriotic exercises in
their programmes on Sunday. July 6. The
proposed regatta. on the afternoon of the
Fourth was abandoned. Exercises will
be held at Metropolitan Temple. Attor
ney George A. Knight will be asked to
deliver the oration. Miss Etta Welch will
5ing the ."Star-spangled Banner," Charles
R. Bonestell willread the Declaration of
Independence, ; Rev. A. C. Bane will de
liver an invocation,. Rev. 'Father Wy
man the benediction, and the Knicker
bocker Quartet' will sing patriotic selec
tions. ¦ ¦ ' .. •
The committee will meet again Friday
afternoon at 4 o'clock.
BALLOT FOR SENATOR |
£Y UNIONISTS
Making Preparations to
Celebrate the Fourth
of July. ,
Total .$12,000,000
Dodge says that these reductions will
only be offset by newly discovered per
sonal property. Increases in value/ of
downtown realty and by new buildings.
He says that it would take a force of ten
clerks to determine at this time the total
amount of assessed valuation.
She Will Have the Man
agement of Vast
Estate.
Mrs. Sarah Sloss, widow of Louis Sloss,
the California pioneer, who died at San
Rafael on the 4th inst., will inherit her
late husband's vast estate. In his will,
which will be filed within a few days, the
deceased directs that all his possessions
shall go to his devoted wife. He makes
this disposition of his property, he states
in the document, because he feels con
fident that before she is called to her last
rest she will make a just and equitable di
vision of the property among their five
children, Leon, Louis Jr., Superior Judge
M. C. a.nd Joseph Sloss and Mrs. E. R.
Lilienthal. V ,
Sloss also leaves a number of bequests
to charitable organizations. The Pacific
Hebrew Orphan Asylum will receive $10,
000, the Roman Catholic and the Protest
ant Orphan Asylums $2500 each, the Chil
dren's Hospital J2500 and the Golden Gate
Kindergarten Association $2500.
WILL REMEMBER
NATION'S BIRTH
The local aerie has been making exten
sive preparations for its trip to Napa to
attend the grand celebration to be given
by the Eagles of that place on July 4. It
has chartered a steamboat to convey its
members to the festivities and they in
tend to drop in on their country brothers
in bright uniforms and regalia.
It is to help pay the expenses of the trip
that the minstrel entertainment has been
arranged.
Assessor Dodge Informs Mayor
Schmitz of Large Reduction in
Various Properties.
In rgply to a request of Mayor
Schmitz as to what the assessment roll
would amount to this year Assessor
Dodge stated yesterday, that he had rea
s6n to believe that it will exceed the fig
ures of last year, when it was $405,000,000.
In that event the appropriations for
street and sewer improvements made by
the Supervisors contingent on an assessed
roll of $420,000,000 will "go a-glimmering."
Dodge informs the Mayor that the fol
lowing reductions will be made under last
year's roll:
By distribution of blgr estates... $3,000,000
By reduced value of bank stock con
sequent on Investment in govern
ment bonds 3,000,000
Old improvements 4,500 000
Outside real egtate for which there la
no sale .1,500,000
SMALL HOPE FOR KAISE
IN ASSESSMENT BOLL
SLOSS LEAVES
ALL TO WIDOW
SAN FRANCISCO Aerie No. 5, Fra
ternal Order of Eagles, will give a
grand minstrel entertainment and
ball at Odd Fellows' Hall this
evening. The pick of local talent
will be included in the minstrel first part.
The celebrated basso profundo, Will H.
Brown, will act as interlocutor. The end
men. Jack Holland, E. B. Jewell, Elton
Lambert and C. F. Oliver, speak for
themselves.
The following well-known soloists will
grace the semi-circle: ~-
Thomas F. Kelly, Speck Smith, Fred Everett,
J. W. Fisher, E. B. Jewell, Will H. Brown and
Harry Barbee.
In addition to the first part features the
following will appear:
The Manhattan Quartet — Michael Scanlon,
Fred ' Scanlon, George Sweeney and Robert
Davis, in a budget of new songs.
The Florodora Sextet— Miss Gertie Ingham,
W. N. Brackett, Miss Daley Smith, Paine
Barnes, Miss Flossie Inglish and Jack Harris; ¦
Kelley and Violette. the Fashion Plate3. by
kind permission of John Morrisey of the Or
pheum, and R. Clinton Montgomery in illus-..
trated songs. - -> - - '-¦¦- *¦ -»¦--• :
The programme is as follows: . *
Part first — Interlocutor, W. H. Brow.n ; bones
— J. Holland, E. B. Jewell; tambourines— E.
Lambert, C. F. Oliver; opening overture, by
company: "Story of the Rose." Peter Dun
worth; "I Hate to Get Up Early in the Morn."
Elton Lambert; "Just Plain Folks." T. F.
Kelley; "Miss Dunn," comic song. Speck
Smith; "Queen of the Earth," Fred Everett;
"Joe Fernanzee." Jack Holland; "May, Sweet
May," J. W. Fisher; "Castle on the River;
Nile," E. B. .Jewell; "Beyond the Gates of
Paradis«," H. Brown; "I'm Going to Live
Until I Die," Charles F. Oliver; "Cupid and
I," H. B. Barbee; finale, "Jumbo," Holland,
Jewell, Lambert and Oliver; -closing chorus,
"Excelsior," by entire company. Part second — '
Overture, orchestra; Florodora sextet — MiS3
Gertie Ingham, Mies Daisy Smith, Miss Flossie
Inglish, W. W. Brackett. Paine Barnes, Jack
Hawis; in specialties. Miss Hazel Dodge; Man
hattan Quartet — Michael Scanlon first tenor,
George Sweeney barytone, Fred Scanlon second
tenor, Robert Davis basso; R. Clinton Mont
gomery, illustrated songu; Gus -Pohlmann, stage
manager; ProfesSOr Ed B. Jewell, musical
director; programme arranged and conducted
by 8am Sonnenfeld, chairman, assisted by
Charles F. Oliver and Ed B. Jewell. /
Dies From His Wound.
v Emmet de Suza, who was shot by hia
stepfather, Joseph Guadalupe, at 1329
Fourteenth avenue, Sunday, died at the
City and County Hospital early yesterday
morning- and his body was removed to
the Morgue. Guadalupe is still detained
in the City Prison, but no charge will be
placed against him pending the result of
the Coroner's inquest.
Sues Rival for Damages.
Louis Epstein, who keeps a second-hand
store on Mission street, filed a suit yester
day to recover $5000 damages from Henry
Sparber, a business rival. He charges
Sparber with assaulting him last Satur
day. He further alleges that during the
scuffle that ensued 3155 in coin was lost
from his pocket.
Another significant change, indicating
the blowing of the wind, is the engage
ment of Professor H. Morse Stephens of
Cornell University as professor of the de
partment of modern history- He has been
put- over the head of Professor Thomas
Bacon, and has also been given charge of
the university extension work. Bacon
has been at Berkeley for some years
Instructor Archie Pierce of the depart
ment of mathematics is also said to be
s.&ted for removal. He was given a
year's leave of absence in 1901, and it -Is
said he will not return. -
President Wheeler is now in the south
ern part of the State, but he will return
to attend the meeting of the regents in
July. There are many of the instructors
who would like to have a look at the list
of the faculty that President Wheeler
will prepare for submission to the regents
Gossip also says that Professor Albin
O. Putzker *>f the German department is
slated for removal. PuUker was reduced
last year from the head of the department
and was given charge of the instruction
of German literature. His salary was
also reduced. Professor Schilling was
brought from Yale College to replace
Putzger.
Professor L. Du Pont Syle. associate
professor of English, is also likely to be
dispensed with. Syle is now in Europe
and will return next month. He was
raised from the rank of an assistant pro
fessor to that of associate professor twa
years ago, despite the opposition of Pro
fessor Gayley, the head of the depart
ment. Rumor now says that Gayley has
won the ear of the "powers that be'-' and
that Syle will be ousted.
Rumor has it that Professor Christy,
the head of the mining department, will
be replaced by an Eastern man. Profes
sor Fred Slate of the department Of
physics is said to be another name on the
"decapitation list."
Captain Emil Kellner, for many years
superintendent of the university grounds,
has been replaced by Walter Bolton, 23
years of age. Kellner has been reduced
to the rank of .head gardener of the de
partment of agriculture, while his suc
cessor is said to have come to Berkeley
"direct from a ranch in Arizona."
A similar state of things exists in the
case of John A. Reid, an instructor in
the department of geology. He will not
apply lor reappointment at the next me'et
ing of the regents.
Lorin Hunt, an instructor of the depart
ment of civil engineering, and Walter
Chandler, who held a similar post, have
asked President Wheeler not to present
their names to the regents for reappoint
ment. Both gentlemen have secured other
positions, and rumor says that they were
"informed officially" that they stood no
chance of re-election.
Instructor Shinn, inspector of agricul
tural stations, resigned last month. He
stated, however, that his resignation was
forced, and considerable feeling was en
gendered. , - .. , .
For some time past rumors have filled
the 'air that President Benjamin Ide
Wheeler proposes to replace many of the
instructors with Eastern men and that
his views are fully indorsed by the re
gents.
There are some people* living in the uni
versity town who say' that President
Wheeler controls the regents, and that
when a well known attorney was recently
appointed to the board he asked a fellow
member for some information as to pro
cedure and he was told, "Wait until Pres
ident Wheeler nods and then vote 'yes'."
A number of changes in the faculty* at
Berkeley University made recently give
color tos the rumors of wholesale decapita
tion of instructors.
The July meeting of the Board of Re
gents of the State University is awaited
with a feeling of consternation by many
of .the professors and instructors of the
Berkeley seat of learning.
"I gave no orders whatever for the land
ing of the doctor, and never give orders
for the landing of Chinamen," added St.
John. "I simply execute the orders of the
Collector. Customs Inspector Banks was
at the gang plank, and he declares that he
allowed no Chinese persons to pass. Dr.
Yung Wing might easily be mistaken for
a South American, as there was nothing
about him to suggest that he was a Chi
naman and I suppose he walked oft the
steamer without being challenged. The
steamship company is responsible for the
safe keeping of Chinese immigrants on
board and I have nothing to do with
them. Dr. Wing went to the Occidental
Hotel on the same day and was inter
viewed by hotel reporters for the daily
papers and they puolished articles about
him. If the Chinese Bureau wanted him
they could have got him at the hotel. He
left on Sunday morning on his way to Log
Angeles, en route to his home. All the
papers had a. notice of his arrival and I
am astonished that the bureau didn't get
him at the hotel. Just to show you the
way they do business they charged me
with letting the woman Ah Kee escape,
when she was on the steamer all the time
and never left it."
The special agents are investigating the
matter.
The Gaelic arrived last Friday and
among her cabin passengers was Dr.
Wing, a graduate of Yale, a naturalized
American citizen and a resident of New
Haven, Connecticut. On Saturday St.
John was on board the steamer and met
the doctor, whom he found to ' be a ven
erable gentleman of 74 years of age,
dressed in American clothing, wearing a
gray mustache curled up at the ends and
speaking the purest English. The doctor
showed the official his naturalization par
pers and St. John said: "I guess you're
all right on those papers." Then he
turned away to attend to his official du
ties.
There is war between . Deputy Customs
Surveyor' St. John and the Chinese Bu
reau. The bureau charged him with ine
responsibility for the escape of Dr.* Yung
Wing from the Gaelic last Friday and of
Ah Kee. the female nurse in the family
of E. WJ Tilden, agent of the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company at Kobe, Japan. St.
John proved that the woman never left
the vessel and that she is still there, and
the charge was narrowed down to the es
cape of the Chinese doctor. • v
Physician Walks Off the Boat
and Puts Up .at a
Swell Hotel.
Meeting of Regents in July
Is Awaited With Ap
prehension.
Humor Says Wheeler
Seeks to "Replace Many
of the Faculty.
Denies That He Ordered
% Dr. Yung Wing to
Be Landed.
ALARM REIGNS
AT UNIVERSITY
ST. JOHN BLAMES
CHINESE BUREAU
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1902.
Aerie No. 5 Will Give Black=Face Perform
ance to Aid Its Napa Excursion Fund.
EAGLES' MIN5TREL SHOW
AT ODD FELLOWS' HALL
7
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
ALL THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY
IffiBSJO-' ORROW— 25c, 5Oo.|
MR. JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY IN
| CAPTAINJWIFT .\
Next Sunday Evening. NIOB ED.
Coming— Special Engagement,
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
'And His Excellent Company of Players,
Presenting Big Scenic Production of
"FRANCESCA. DA RIMINI."
Seats ready Thursday, June 26, 0 a. m.
MATINEE TO-DAY (WEDNESDAY). June IS.
Parquet, any" seat, 25c; balcony, XOc; chil-
dren, any part except reserved. 10c.
A BIG NEW SHOW!
Eleanor Falk and Her lOPretty Girls;
Bedini and Arthur; Loris and
Altina; Swan and Bamberg; Twin
Sisters Meredith; Cushman, Ho]-
combe and Curtis; Howard Cham-
bers; Barton and Ashley, and ths
Biograph. . .
Ml! IliflRl A SAN FIUCT-5
LEADl.'iQ THEATBt
Every Nlsht This Week Except Sunday.
Matinee To-day and A^ain on Saturday.
Charles Frohman Presents
HENRY .MILLER;-.
MARGARET ANGLIN
And a SPECIAL COMPANY. In
A. W. Plnero's Comedietta In Four Acts,
"TRELAWNY OF_THB WELLS."
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
HENRY MILLER MARGARET ANGLIN
5 And SPECIAL COMPANY In A
Arthur W. Plnero's Four-act Comedy, THE
OKATX" LORD QXJS25:.
After Its Successful Run of 400 Nights In London.
8EAT SALE BEGINS TO-MORROW.
Fischer's Theater.
TIME And
IS TIME IS
MONEY SHORT.
FIDDLE DEE DEE
WON'T RUN MUCH LONGER IN SPITE OF
ALL DEMANDS.
SOUVENIR NIGHT. NEXT MONDAY. June 23.
' Commemorating over 100 Performances.
SEATS NOW ON SALE. Nlsht Prices— 25c and
50c. Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 2T>c.
Children at Matinees. 10c.
¦Hi CHUTES!
MODERN VAUDEVILLE »VERY AFTERXOON
AND LYENING.
KELLY AND KENT; MURPHY AND
SLATER; EDYTHE TILDEN: NELLIE
MONTGOMERY; 8ID BAXTER- ROMANY
TRIO, AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Dally and NiKhtly! Don't Fail to gee
liARDY DOWNING LOOP THE LOOP
THE SENSATION OF THE CENTURY.
AMATEUR LIVING PICTURES THURSDAY
FRIDAY NIGHT! Grand Celebration of
SEQUOIA PARLOR, No. IbO, N./S. G. W.
Admission 10c Children :...,.. 6g
Phone for Seats— Park 23.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
ll€€(l$liC^o4>.v0s ZEAUKD mo SYDHEr
VV^^a»a3^<^»WV0 CIRECr LINE TO TAHITI
£S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
' Saturday, June 21, 2 p.m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney.... Thurgday, July 3, 10 a. nj.
ES. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ;....
Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
I. D. SPEICKELS k BROS. CO., General Acs., 329 Mariir
Gee'1 rass. GSHc?. f43 Kamt St.. Pier wo. 7. Pactfls SL
H Th* World's Care for 8
HatPn)!Ux*«yeM| O ertlW«Ifif.
||| It is the Best and Safest rem- M
|?j edy, for disordered stomach,
WM -biliousness and liver trouble, |l
pi and It Cures Constipation. M
Hi Pf' n k one-half glassful on 13
HI Arising in the morning and you m
K| will feel the remarkable and m
agreeable effects in a short M
£vj A lw/ys Ask for M
H Hunyadi JANOS 8
ffi (Full Name). If you simply |
pi .ask for Hunyadi Water you II
pa may be Imposed upon. il
\.^'i BOTTUE HAS BLUB LABEL lj
p| WITH RED CENTRE.
STEAMERS WILL, LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with «teamen for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
£3. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, June 28, 1902
ES. NIPPON MARU Thursday, July 24, 1903
BS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, August 16, 1002
Bound-trip tickets at reduced rates. For'
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent
TOYO K15EN KAISBA.
8:45 a. m., 3:10 and S:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 8 p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. in. Far* id
centj. Telephone M%In 150S. handing an>{
ofttce. pier 2, Missloa-strtet dock. HATCH
BBOS. . . .'.-; .¦¦
FOR 0. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Sieamerr GEN. FRISBIS or MONTICELLO
BAY AND EIVER STEAMEES.
r~ '• . ..-
We, have a book filled with their
j^/lv^LUl Co.
The book contains some infor-
mation about Mellin's Food. If it
does hot tell you what you want to
know, write to us.
We will write you a special per-
sonal letter, answering any questions
about the use of Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food is peculiarly adapted to the requirements of infants in hot weather. When
a baby is suffering irom the heat and perhaps is a little feeble in his digestive powers, it is
absolutely necessary that the child should have a food that is easily digested and adapted
to his condition.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
ri 1 -= — *— — : ¦ ' Wl ' , M , , , , !_ ' — -
It S FUN TO RIDE ON THE
RickVTiiYisKed art\d electric" lighted
coAcKes* svroerb service zsltvcI*^ >s
I cviisinterb^tK,baLr*bei7, b\iFFet\ C
I Indies' drawing* room coa*.cK- >r
2dlcoi\ve*ueiu:es— maJke travelin^f
; on. tKe Caiiforma Limited deligKtf^i.
I V Chicago ii\ three dzys
City Ticket Office 641 Market St
§V1M, VIGOR, VITALITY (or MEM
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
aris--ir.gr from effects of self-
abuse dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power, Nisht Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Cnfitness to Mar-
i > . Loss of Semen, mjm Varicoce e or Con-
stipation, Stop Ncr **> {J vcus Twitchine of
Eyelids. Effects are £CJ?« immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote CEJ1T» ncy to every func-
tion Don't get despondent, a cure is at hand.
Hestore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 0 for
$2 60 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 EHis St..
Ban Francisco. CaL GHANT DRUG CO- 3S
end 40 Third tt.
OCEAN" STEAMEBS.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
! Steamers leave San Fran-
tpW-.,. Cisco as follows:
raMjj^ For Ketchikan, Juneau,
I >«-^S%*v Ekagway, etc., Alaska — 11 a.
ES£|iErf@a >n-< June IS, 20, 25. 80. July
pJvVii*3 \$1 5 - 10 - 1S - Chance to com-
KB3T_5«RpQf party's steamers at Seattle.
. A*«2*3S£§S i f > »!l For Victoria. Vancouver,
•»*• Port Townsend. Seattle. Ta-
coma, Everett. Whatcom —
jit n June 15, 20. 25, 30. July 5, 10, IS.
Chaiiire a't Seattle to this Company'* steamen
hMU^udG. V. RX-; at Seattle or Ta-
corra to N P RV- : at \ ancouver to C. P. Ry.
For 'EuVekV cHumboldt B.y)-1 :30 p. m..
t™. 1K m °6. July 1, 6, 11. !*•
For Los" Angles (via Port Lo. Ansrelea and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays, » ». m.
State cf California. Thursday. 9 a. m.
For Los Anreles (via San Pedroand East
6an Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford (ban
Luis 'Obisoo). Ventura. Hueneme and 'Newport
(.•Corona, only).
Corona. June 19. 27, July S. 13.
Coos Bay. » a. m.. June IS. 23, July I. 3.
BotiSta. 9 a. m.. June 3.
For Er.senada, Slagdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Par, Santa Rosali*,
Gutymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m., 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to chanse steamers or sall-
ies dates.
TICKET OFFICE — * Kew Montgomery
tireet (Palace Hotel).
C. D. ntTNAlCX. Gen. Pareensrer Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents,
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
. PORTLAND. Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to \\\
Points East. Through Tickets to AH
Points, ell Rail or Steamship and Rail, at
Steamer Tickets include Berth and Meals.
FS. COLUMBIA Sails.. June 22, July 2, 12. 22 j
ES. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 2T, July 7. 17
Steainer Fail" from foot of Bpear-st.. 11 a. m.
T>. W. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Mong'y.S.F.
U. S. MAIL ROUTE.
W®&^*- SAILINGS,
| XOSTHERN COMMERCIAL CO;
Will dirpateh its firet-class steamers, carrying
TJolted States xaalls, for
NOME and ST. MICHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
From San Francisco
S. S. PORTLAND About .Tune 25
B. 8. ST. PAUL ....About July 10
From Seattle.
??. S. OHIO July 8
S. 6. INDIANA July 2>J
Connecting - at Koom -svith steamer Saldle.
carrying United Htatcs mail, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and steamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovnin and Et. Michael, and connecting at St.
Mk-hae! with the company's river steamers lor
Darton, Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apr>5y to
NORTHERN COMMEP.CIAL CO..
C45 Market »>t.. San Francisco.
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO..
Puget Sound Agect, Seattle, "Wash.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia M Americana da Vapores
To Valparaiso. etoDDingr at Mexican. Central
and South American port*. Sailing rrom How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUlFA....June 30,'IGUATEMALA..Aug. 11
i T15CAFEL July 1S1PALENA Aug. 30
TUe«e steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(So change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger oflice. 316 California street.
BALFOUli. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Arents.
CGKFAG2UE GENERA LE TRAKBATL ANTIQUE.
i;HiECT LINE TO HAVBK-FAK13. jnr*»
ta:!:r.K every Thursday, Instead o£
fcaturday, at 10 a. m., irom Pier 42, "»™™»»
Jkorth River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upwank Second
«.!&£« to Havre, $15 and upward. <fl*NERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
A DA. 32 Broadway (Hi'dson building). New
VoiK. J- V. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa»t
Aptr.ts 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' ecld by all Hsiload Ticket Agents.
AMERICAN MXE.
TTEW YORK." SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
' KenFintrton.July 1. 2pni!Phila July 0,10am
Et. Louie. July 2, 10am 1st. Paul. July 10, 10a:n
RED STAR LIXE.
KEJV YOltXI, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Krconlnd..June i!S,noon|Friesland..July ]2,noon
' Zceland July 5, noon! Vadlcrland.July lO.noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CfTAS, r>. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,U0 Montgom'y st.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
p yVLL Havana Filler
«• FLORODORA " BANDS ere
of same value as tags from
% "STAR," "HORSESHOE."
•'SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NAVr."
•• OLD PEACH & HONEY/*
••SAW LOG,* 9 "OLE VARCINY'*
! or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobccec.
\6 t y |
What this Boy's
Mother Says
has been said by the mpthers of
many other boys and girls, re-
garding the wonderful curative
and strengthening qualities of
MUev Nervine
Hasting, Neb.
"Our little hoy, Harry, had spasms
for 3 years and we feared the disease
woula affect his mind. Though yrc
doctored continually he grew worse and
had ten spasms in one week. Our at-
tention was directed to Dr. Miles' Nerv-
ine and we began its use. When he
had taken the fourth bottle the spasms
disappeared and he has not had one
for five years. His health now is per-
fect." Mrs. B. M. Tindall.
Dr. Miles' Remedies are sold
by all druggists on guarantee to
benefit or money refunded;
Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT. ?
LAST NIGHT — Continued Success of |
MAUDE FEALY
And T
EDWARD MORGAN
In the Most Magnificent Production of
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
EVER SEEX ON ANY STAGE.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c. 60c. 73c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
Next Week— MAUDE FEALY and EDWARZ>
MORGAN, !n "THE TWO ORPHANS."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
SOUVENIR TOY MATINEE SATURDAY at 2
SHARP!
THIS WEEK POSITIVELY THE LAST!
IT WILL PAY YOU TO CALL ON
"THE TOY MAKER."
BRING THE CHILDREN TO GET TOYS ON
SATURDAY.
MONDAY, June 20— The Record Breaker,
"THE IDOL'S EYE."
-'- (HOOTMONir
POPULAR PRICES. 25c, 50c and 780
>!V"-:' < Telephone Bush— 9.
CENTRALS
Market Straet. Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Richest, Rarest. Raciest Farce Comedy of
Them All.
MY AUNT
BRIDGET
An Eveninff of Genuine Unadulterated Fun.
NOVEL AND UP-TO-DATE SPECIALTIES.
1 niWLJ. Matinees ...10c, 15c. 25e
Next Week — "THE ROAD TO RUIN."
OND WEEK? CROWDED
L US NEVER BEFORE.
/ EVENING. 8;10. MATINEES, 2:10.
EXTRA MATINBB TO-MORROW.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
SUDDOrted by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David Belasco's Great Play, j
ZLA.Z.A..
. REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seata Now Selllnic for This and Ne»t Week.
&UTRO B/*TI-IS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open daily from 7 a. to. to It p. m.
Bathing from 7 a. in. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c: CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing:, including admission. 23c: children, 20c
Uo|*jr»a Desirable location,
1 CllUvv unsurpassed cuisine,
• - . unequaled ser-
21 fill v * ce ? nc * modern
illli! conveniences are the
-, t attributes that have
llfQUn made these two ho-
UlUlIU tels popular with
Vt »"ai' tourists and travcl-
HatAIC «« who visit San
liUlVlO Francisco.EASTERN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, June 17.— Corn went on the ram
page to-day, and, headed by 'the bull crowd
that has cornered July options,' led the un
fortunate ' shorts a- rapid and exciting chase.
Early in the day the word went around that
the screws were, to .be put on the shorts long
before the settling day. -The pit was in a con
stant' boil from start to finish. It was a
day for. covering and practically everything
else was lost eight of. Thete is little doubt
that the principals back of the corner in July,
which is credited to the Gates and Wall street
crowd, are trying to move out all contract
stuff. The 'country probably could furnish
plenty of stuff with which, to supply the shorts,
but the wet weather has worked against grad
ing. Of to-day's receipts only ten out of 378
cars graded No. 2. Primary receipts were in
creased to 477.000 bushels and private elevators
were making good increases in stock. But all
told there was cause for fear among the shorts,
for, it is thought by old speculators that the
long expected squeeze Is at hand, otherwise
the bulls would not allow the price to run,
away * as it - did to-day. 1 Contract stocks to
day were ' a little over two million bushels.
The bull crowd is credited with .having
15,000,000 bushels of July. Predictions are for
75c corn as a result of . this situation, and
fluctuations to-day warranted such predictions.
July opened unchanged to ] /&c up at 64 v %@O4'5&c,
after having sold yesterday as low -as 63c. A
sharp ten minutes' buying sent the price to
t50%c. The bulls supplied enough long stuff
on profit-taking to let the price slip back to
65%c, but then the shorts became panic
stricken, the market turned erratic and July
shot to 07%c, where it closed very strong,
:j^c higher than yesterday'e close. The Gates
crowd was on both sides of the market, but
sold more than It bought. Deferred futures were
traded in lightly, but influenced somewhat by
the advance in July. Cash- business was not
as good as recently, and country offerings were
small. Cash stuff was selling 5@8c under July
orlces.
Wheat ruled steady. It was strongest early
on higher Paris cables and showers Southwest.
Traders said the wet weather was interfering
with harvesting and for this reason would s«ll
little. The absence of any ¦ heavy trading
worked against prices and although July corn
strength helped wheat somewhat, fluctuations
were very narow. July opened unchanged to
>/sC up at 72@72>6c and sold to 72? g c.
Light selling caused a dip to 71%@72c an.l
luly closed steady, a shade lower, at 72@72V&c.
Oats were dull and steady, fluctuating within
a range of only ?»c. July closed a shade lower,
at 39%c.
Provision trade was almost nil. July pork
closed 7%c down, lard 5c "down and ribs 2%c
lower. ¦
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
•Wheat No. 2 —
July 721,4 72%' 72 72&
September 71 % 71% 70»i 71
December .72<,i 72 Vi 71% 72 V&
Corn No. 2 —
July 04% 67% 64% 67%
September b$% 59 58% 50
December 44% 44 % 44% 44%
Oats No. 2 —
July, old 37% 37% 37 37VJ
July, new 39% 39% 39% ;:o%
September, old. 28% 2S% 28% 28^,
September,, new. ."0% 30*1 •"0% :>0%
December, new. 00% 20?i 30% 30vi
Mess pork, per barrel — .
July ..¦ 17 112% 17 65 17 52% 17 55
September 17 75 17 "SO 17 67% 17 70
Lard, per 100 pounds —
July..: 10 20 10 20 10 15 50 15.
September 10 25 10 27% 10 20 10 22%
Short ribs, per 100 pounds —
July 7. ..10 40 .10 45 10 40 10 40
September 10 30 10 30 - 10 22% 10 22%
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. 3 spring wheat, 71%®72Tgc; No.
2 red, 78^79c; No. 2 oats. 42%@4«%c; No. 2
white. 47&c;. No.' 3 white, 47@4SMc; No. 2
rye. 59@60c; fair to choice malting barley.- 67
<§69c; No. 1 flaxseed. $1 56; No. 1 Northwest
ern. $1 76; prime timothy seed, $6 15; mess
pork, per barrel, $17 62V>@17 75; lard, per 100
pounds. $10 12%; short ribs sides (loose), $1035
©.10 00; dry salted shoulders (boxed). 8%"@S%c:
short clear sides (boxed). $10 75@10 S5; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 30; clover, contract
grade. $8 35. '- . .
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels' 15.000 ¦ 9,000
Wheat, bushels SO, 000 159,000
Corn,, bushels 312.000 167,000
Oats, bushels 247.000 172.000
Rye. bushels ¦ ¦ 3.000. 3(5,000
Barley, bushels ti 14,000 3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries. lS@2Hic; dairies
mi<fI19c. Cheese, steady. 10<S7>10-?4c- Eggs,
steady; fresh, 15c. - ¦ ...
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. June 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
4R00. including 1200 Texans. • Slow; steady.
Good to prime Ptner?. nominal, $7 50@8; poor
to, medium. $5)?? 1 7 10; stockers and feeders,
$2 50<35 25:» cows, $1 4035 60; heifers. $2 25
©« 25; canners. $1 40@2 40; bulls. $2 5C©5 50;
calves. $2 50®6; Texas steers. S4@6 SO.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, - 24.000; 'to-morrow.
25.000; left over. 200. Steady to 5c lower.
Mixed and butchers. $7@7 40; good to* choice
heavy, $7 !U5®7 52%: rough heavy, S7 1007 30
light. $6 90(g7 25; bulk. $7 10@7 25.
SHEEP — Receipts. 12.0OO; steady. .Lambs,
choice, higher. Good to choice wethers. $4 75
®5; fair to choice mixed. $40>4 75; Western
sheep, clipped. I $1 50@4 t;5; native lambs.' clip
ped, ?5 50@6 90; Western lambs.- $5 50@7 15.
ST. .JOSEPH. 7. . :
ST. JOSEPH. Mo.. June 17.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts.. 000; steady. Natives. $5@7 75; cows
and heifers, $1 50(?iC: veals $3 50&5 75; stock
ers and feeders. $2 25@5 25. . '
HOGS— Hocelpts. 9800; steady. Light and
light mixed.- $7®f" 35; medium and heavy. $7 15
@7 55; pigs. $4@fi 50 . . •
SHEEP— Receipts, 2400: best, steady: others
20@25c lower. , Top spring lambs. $7 25. ¦ ,'
. • V '-— \ . ... ¦''.
Nezv York Meial'Markct.
NEW YORK. June 17. — At London prices
for, tin declined £1, presumably under specula
tive manipulation. ; 'Spot closed at £129 and
futures at £124 10s. The -New York market
Chicago Grain and Produce.
Wheat and Other Grains.
vVHEAT FREIGHTS— Are steady and un
changed at 25s, usual options. The chartered
wheat fleet in nort has a registered tonnage
of 19,335,' against 21,342 tons on the same date
last year; disengaged, 31,823 tons, against none
last year: on the way to this port, 253,230
tons, asainst 188, 6S2.
WHEAT — The markets all over the world
continue featureless and Inactive. Futures at
Paris were higher. The status of the world"s
stocks, as gi\en by Bradstreet's, was as fol
lows : East of the Rockies, a decrease of
2,961,000 bushels: Europe and' afloat, a de
crease of 1.500,000; total decrease, 4,461.000
bushels. A cable from France reported the
weather wet and the season backward.
There was not much life at Chicago, except
a crowing nervousness among the ehorts over
no rains in the Southwest.
This market was quiet and not materially
changed. Features opened higher, but fell
back. Shipping descriptions were unchanged.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 KX©1 11 J4; mill
ing. $1 15@1 17% per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— -December —
2000 ctls, $1 12%: 14.000. $1 12%.- :
Second Session — Decembeir — 2000 ctls, $1 12%;
6000 ctls. $1 12%. '
Regular Morning Session— December — 1000
ctls. $1 121/6 ; 6000. $1 12U- May— 2000, $1 15;'
4000, $1. 14%; 4000. $1 14»i.
Afternoon Session — No sales. . t
BARLEY — The feeling seems to be steady In
these goods, and holders now make no con
cessions, especially as there is not much stock
on the Immediate spot. Previous quotations
rule.
New Feed. 90@939ic; old Feed. 95c for No.
1 and 91%@01%c for off grades; brewing,
96%c; Chevalier, $1 20 asked for standard.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — December —
6000 ctls, S3?ic.
Second Session — No sales. .
Regular Morning Session — No salea.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS — The demoralization of the past three
or four days was succeeded yesterday by rather
more steadiness, and while. there was no more
disposition to buy, there was less to slaughter
the coods. Quotations stood about the same,
though new red was held with more firmness,
holders being of the opinion that choice ought
to bring at least $1 25. Common lots, how
ever, were obtainable down to $1 15. Some
inquiry for export was reported, and It was
probably this prospective business that stead
led the market. Quotations for old continued
nominal.
Old Grays. $1 2501 30: Whites, $1 30@l 35;
Milling. $1 30@l 35; Black, $1 15@1 25; Red;
$1 15@1 30.
CORN — There was a sudden flurry at Chi
cago yesterday. A dispatch from Fort Worth.
Texas, said that the drought over Northern and
Central Texas was becoming alarming, the
crops burning up on account of hot winds, and
that unless there were rains in a few day8
the corn crop would be a total failure. This
sudden and unexpected dry weather scare sent
the shorts skurrying for cover, and advanced
the market from 64%c to 6f9gc.
Flour and Millstuffs.
This market remained' the same, being dull.
Larpe Yellow, $1 45@1 50; small round do.
$1 50®l 52>4: White. $1 65@1 60.
RYE— Continues weak and dull at 85@S7%c
per ctl. - .
BUCKWHEAT— $2 25@2 50 per ctl asked.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 50®
3 75, usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 40@3 00:
Oregon, §2 75<3-'» 25 per barrel for family and
$';@3 50 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $31?
3 60.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. $3: Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal. $3 25; extra
cream do. $4: Oat Groats, $5 25: Hominy, ?4@
4 25: Buckwheat . Flour, $4 50® 4 75; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50: Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 35@9; In
sacks, $0 S5@S 50; Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
/ .. -~~- — —^ '
The situation shows no change whatever. All
FtedstufCs are steady .to firm, and Hay con
tinues easy at previous prices. The demand Is
light; as retailers are waiting until after the
Fourth before buying in any quantity.
. T?RAN— $18 50®10 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS—^2t®21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. S20W21 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. . $2S@2K; - job
bing, $26 50®27; Cocoanut Cake. $20{?21 : Corn
Meal. $31®32: Cracked Corn. $31 50@."2 50:
Mixed Feed, $16@17: Cottonseed Meal, .$26 50.
HAY — New is selling as follows: Wheat,
$6i(?ifl 50: Volunteer Wild Oat. $6 50@8; Al
falfa, $0. Old Is quoted as follows:
Extra fine Wheat, ?12: fair to choice do.
$".) 50f3>U 50: Wheat and Oat, $9@11 50: Oat.
$8(^10 50: Alfalfa, nominal; Clover. $7@9; Vol
: ui'.teer, $0 50@8 50; Stock. $6@S per ton.
j . STRAW — 10@50c per bale.
; •. ¦ ' — : r- '
Beans and Seeds.
Beans and Seeds show no change. The former
are Inactive and steady, with light stocks in
dealers' hands, and th<> latter are neglected, as
usual at this time of the year.
BEANS — Bayos. ?33?:> 10; small White. $2 40
©2 50: large White. $2 40®2 45: Pea. $3 25®
3 50; Pink. ¦¦$2@2 15; Red. $2 50; Blackeye,
$3@'5 10; Llmas. $3 60@3 75; Red Kidneys,
$3 60®3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard. $2 50@2 65: Yellow
Mustard, $3 25(ff-3 50; Flax. $2 25#2 50; J^ana
ry, ">¥*c for Eastern: Alfalfa from Utah.fio4i(S
lUic: California. 10@101ic; Rape, l$i@2ttc;
Hemp, 3Vjc per lb. \
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 75@2; Green, $1 40
@1 65; Blackeye, $1 75(f?2.
Potatoes, Onoins and Vegetables.
; ¦ New Potatoes continued In large supply and
most of the offerings were poor and sold slowly.
A few lots of choice Burbanks sold for 51 75
and one small lot of strictly fancy brought
$2 15. Garnet Chiles were In light receipt and
continued steady. Old Potatoes were lower,
with few sales r«\ported. ¦
r Receipts of new Red Onions were light, but
prices showed no • change owing to the large
offerings of ¦ carrled-over stock. There Is but
little demand for Stlversklns at present and
offerings sell slowly. . . . ,
The market was overstocked wtth Tomatoes
and prices declined again. A few(boxc3 came
in. from the river and were offering at $1, but
were not sold. Theirs was a considerable quan
tity of Summer Squas>. Cucumbers and Bean3
shipped north by steaiiun-, which relieved * ne
market somewhat. Otherwise there is nothing
new to report. * v-l"i ,_
POTATOES— New Early Rose, 'TocSIl In
boxes and tio@90c in sacks: Burbanka, 60c,b>
$1 50 in boxes and 75c@$l 25 In sks; Garnet
Chiles, $1@1 15; old Burbanks, 75c@Sl 2o.
Sweets. $2 50 for Merced. .
ONIONS — Australian, $2@2 23, ««o™
hands; Silversklns. 75c@$l; new Bed. 50@t>0o
per sack: "White, lc per lb. „
VEGETABLES— Green Corn, 15@20c per
dozen; Asparagus, 75c@$2 25 per box: Khu
barb. 50c@$l per box; Green Peas, $1@- -•?
per sack; String Beans. l@2V4c per lb and 2&
3c for Wax; Refugee Beans, 2%@3%c per lb;
Cabbage, 90c@$l per ctl; Los Angeles Tomatoes,
75c@?l 25 per box or. crate; Mississippi Toma
toes, $1 25 per crate; Vacavllle, $l@l 2i> per
box: Dried Peppers, 10@llc per lb: Carrots,
fl per sack; Cucumbers from Marysville, «oc
@$1 25 per box; from Arizona, $1 per box; Bay.
?2@2 25 per large box; Hothouse do. 25@50c per
dozen; Garlic, 2©3c for new; Los Angeles Green
Peppers, 10c; Stockton do, — — ; Mexican do,
10@12MiC; Egg Plant from Los Angeles, 8@10c;
Summer Squash, 50@75c for small boxes and
$1 25@1 50 for large; Marrowfat Squash, *1«»
@20 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $15@20.
""* :
Poultry and Game.
All descriptions of Poultry were offering
freely. and the market was dull. Second class
and poor stock . were particularly dull and
Hens, Fryers and Broilers were quoted lower.
One car of Eastern came in and two more are
expected to-day.
Game sold slowly, but receipts were light and
offerings cleaned up at the quotations.
POULTRY— Live Turkeye, 13@14c for Gob
bler* and 14@15e for Hens; Geese, per pair.
|1 28; Goslings, $1 25@1 50; Ducks, $3 50@4
for old and $4 50@6 for young; Hens, $4<g5;
young Roosters, $«®7 50; old Roosters, $4 50
@5; Fryers, $3 50@4 50; Broilers, $3@3 50 for
large and $2@2 25 for small; Pigeons. $1 75
per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1; Rabbits. $1 60 for Cotton
tail* and $1 for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Butter continues , weak, and sellers are giv
ing concessions to effect sales. Stocks are too
large for the light local demand to absorb.
Cheese remains as previously quoted. Sup
plies are not excessive, but the market baa
about all it can carry. - - ,
Eggs are undeniably weak, and dealers are
offerings them on all sides at concessions from
previous prices. Good ranch Eggs can now
bo bought for ISc, and 20c is the top asked
by anybody. Supplies are very large and ac
cumulating. Store Eggs are especially weak,,
and are' not in favor with buyers at the mo
ment, as the hot weather in the Interior is
beginning to affect their quality. Receipts are
increasing again, as will be seen. -
Receipts were 58,600 pounds, 18S cubes and
24 kegs of Butter, lbs Eastern Butter.
1474 cases of Eggs, 460 cases of Eastern Eggs,
8950 pounds of California Cheese and
pounds of Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, 21@21%e per pound for
fancy, 20%o for firsts and 20c for seconds;
dairy, 17@20%c; store Butter, 14@l(ic per
pound. "
CHEESE— New. 8@10c; old. nominal; Young
America. 10@10%c; Eastern. 13@15c per pound.
EGGSr-Choice Ranch. 19@20c. and 17%@19c
for fair to good; store, 16@17%c per dozen;
Eastern Eggs, nominal.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Berries were In heavy receipt, and with the
exception of Gooseberries, which were scarce,
all descriptions were quoted lower. Some poor
Longworth Strawberries were sold at $6 per
chest. A few Logans .were sold In a small
way as high as - §0 per chest, but the prices
quoted below cover most of the offerings.
Currants came to hand in good condition and
prices had a narrower range. The canners
were offering $2 25, but were unable to pro
cure any. -.
A crate of Watermelons was received from
Indlo, Riverside County. The crate contained
fourteen fair-sized ripe melons, but had not
been sold up to a late hour. Five crates of
Thompson's Seedless Grapes were received from
the same place, but arrived too late to be sold.
Two crates of the same 'Variety from Yuma
sold for $3 50 per crate.
Choice offerings of Cherries In bulk met with
ready sale, but there was a lot of poor stock
received from the river, which sold slowly at
the bottom quotations.
There is little new to report in summer fruits.
The demand for shipment north did much to
relieve the market, but receipts were large
and prices were generally lower. Nineteen
boxes of choice white Astrakan Apples were
received from Sacramento, but had not been
cold up to a late hour.
Citrus fruits are In light supply and offer
ings sell readily.
STRAWBERRIES — $8®10 for Longworths
and $3(35 for Malindas.
RASPBERRIES — ?5®S per cheat: crates, 80c
@$i:
LOGANBERRIES — $3 50®5 »er chest;
crates, 51.
¦ BLACKBERRIES^-J6<g8 per chest; ia crates,
75c«j$l 25.
GOOSEBERRIES— 30@35c per drawer; Eng
lish, 6c per lb.
CURRANTS— $3@4 50 per chest.
PLUMS — Clyman. 35®40c per. box and 75c
@§1 r>er crate; Cherry . Plums. 30® 40c per
drawer and 50c in boxes.
APRICOTS — 35@75c per box and 60@75c per
crate: in baskets from the river, 50@75c.
APPLES — Green, 40@50c per box and 25@
¦10c per basket; large boxes, &5c@$l.
PEARS — Madeline, 25@40c for small boxes;
baskets, 15<&25c; large boxes, 75c.
PEACHES — 40@75c per box and 50@75c per
basket.
CHERRIES — White, 3o@50c per box; in bulk.
2 1 ,£@3» / Ac; Black. a0@50c per box and 2%@5c
in" bulk; cartons from San Jose. 75c; Royal
Annes, 40@75c per box and 4@7c in bulk.
FIGS — Black, from Yuma, per box;
from Palm Springs, per box.
MELONS — Nutmegs, from Yuma, $1@2 for
small crates and $4 for large; from Indio, $4
j>er crate.
CITRUS FRUITS— : NaveI Oranges, $2@4. ac
cording to size and quality; Seedlings, SOc®
$2 25; Mediterranean Sweets, $1 25®3; St.
Michaels, $l@2; Valencias, $2 50@4; Tanger
ines, $1 50@l 75 In half-boxes; Lemons, $1 75
@4; Grape Fruit, $2@3 50; Mexican Limes,
$4 50@5; Bananas,- $1 50@2 per bunch for New
Orleans and $1 25@2 for Hawaiian; Pineapples,
$2@3 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The few old Anricots left here are quoted at
a slight decline, owing to the near approach of
the new crop, which is quoted at 6@6^c for
July delivery, with some business reported at
these quotations. There are no quotations for
new Peaches yet. -The New York market
seems to be rather quieter, though there is still
some exporting of Prunes to Europe at steady
prices from that market. Honey shows no
improvement in Drice, In spite of the many
reports of a short crop received lately. Nuts
and Raisins are nominal.
FRUITS — Apricots, 8"£@9c for Royals and 10
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, viOtgll^c; sun dried, 6@7c;
Peaches, 0U©S'.ic; Pears, 6<g9c; Plums, pitted,
5@6>/6c; unpitted. H£<£i2*&c; Nectarines. 5^@tic
for red and 5%@6c for white; figs. 3%@4&c
for black and 5}j@Gc for white.
PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted as follows:
30-409, 6Vi@6%c; 40-508, 5@5%c; 50-60s, 4%@
4%c; 60-70s, 4@4^4c; '7O-80s. 3Vj@3%c; 80-90s,
3(§3iic; 00-lOOs. 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— Seeded. 3-crown. 8c: 2-crown,
7*4c: Loose Muscatels, 5?ic for 4-crown and
RVic for seedless; 3-crown, 6c; 2-crown, 5%c;
London Layers. $1 60 r>er box.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1, softshell, ll®ll%c;
i No. 2. 6<5>7c: No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
7c; ' Almonds, 10%@12c for papershell, 9@10c
for softshell and (5@"c for hardshell; Peanuts,
5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12©12%c; Fil
berts. 12@12',f.c: Pecans, ll@13c; . Cocoanuts,
$3 50-25. . -
HONEY — Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@31c
for llcht amber; water white extracted. 6<£p
5%c: lteht amber extracted. 4i' ( £4t£c; dark. 4c.
BEESWAX— 27%@29c i>er lb.
• Provisions.
Chicago was dull and lower, with no new
features. ¦.
This market continues quiet. It is reported
that the advance in Hams and Bacon Mon
day has already caused some cutting among
local dealers, and. that Eastern Hams are be
ing sold to close buyers at li?4c- The advance
Itself was not caused by any particular, demand
for the goods, but solely to bring this market
up to tho Chicago level.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 12^(313c per lb for
heavy, 13)$c for light medium. 14^c for Ught.
I5»«c for extra light andl0@17c for-sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 15c; Cali
fornia Hams, 14(gl4U|C; Mess Beef. $10 per bbl
extra Mess, $10 50(611: Family. $11 50@12:
prime Mess Pork, $15rg;l5-50: extra clsar. S2.J-
Mess, $18 5<vai!»; Dry Salt Pork. 12}ic; Ptr
Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75: Smoked . Beef.
13V.©14c r*r pound.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8%£c per lb for
compound and 12^c for pure; halt-barrels
pure. 12%c: 10-lb tins, l.itic; 5-lb tins. 13%c'
3-lb tins. lSTtc. " '
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. WAc; three
half-barrels. lOftc: cne tierce. 10%c; two
tierces, 10>ic: five tierces. 10=gc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Wool continues in gcod shape for sellers, all
choice lots meeting with a ready demand at
firm prices. Humboldts and Mendoclnos are
quoted a cent higher. Oregons will be comine
in freely in a few days now. , fc
While contracts for new crop Hops are re
ported at .13® 14c. and Mine business has been
done at these figures, the majority of growers
are said to be hanging back, preferring as Dre"
viously mentioned, to take their chances when '
the crop actually gets upon the market. Hence
there is not much dolnp in this way. The feei
ing is firm and the crop prospects continue
good.
There Is nothing new in Hides, the market
being quite steady, with a good demand and no
accumulation «f stock. . ,
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands, sell
about lVGc under quotations. Heavy salted
Steera. lie; medium, 10c; light. 9c; Cow Hlde3,
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days..... — 4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4.88%
Sterling Cables — " 4 89Vi
New York Exchange, sight — • 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic — , l"ri
Silver, per ounce '. " — . ' 62%
Mexican Dollars, nominal .. — 45Vi
* ¦ • LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 11 6 1%
Closing 5 10?i 6 1} 8
PARIS.
• Wheat— ' • July. Sent. -Dec.
Opening .......23 20 2145
Closing 22 00 21 30
; Flour—- •
Opening. 23 70 28 35,
Closing 20 «Q 28 20
Available Grain Supply.
I NEW YORK. June 17.— Special cable anl
telegraphic communications to Bradstreets, as
compared with last accounts show:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, 2,001,000 bushels; afloat for and
,ln Europe.' decreased 1,500,000 bushels; total
supply, decreased 4,461,000 bushels.
; Corn — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, Increased 1,218,000 bushels. ' .
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rockies, decreased 267,000 bushels.
New York Stock Market.
WEATHER AND CROP CONDITIONS.
Merced— Early peaches coming into market.
Hollister— Good crops apples and pears
Napa— Weather warmer; fruit maturin
nicely. °
Livermore— Hay-cutting nearly finished: bal
ing beginning.
Newman — Hot north wind.
King City — Strong north wind; grain ripen
ing rapidly.
Palermo — All crops doing welL
Santa Maria — Good grain-maturing weath»r
other crops as before.
Hanford— Fruit crop ripening rapidly; peaches
doing well; grain crop good.
Colusa— Grain and fruit conditions continue
favorable.
Ventura— Foggy -weather continues; benefit
ing bean and beet crops.
Willows— Wheat harvest began to-day t
San Jose— Krult crop doing excellently"; lat*
cherries ripening fast; grape crop good.
Rosa— All varieties of fruits doing
_ • A. G. McADIE.
Forecast Official. Section Director.
i 7 a.m. temperature at San Francisco, \ 50
1 degrees.
! WEATHfiR CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen rapidly during the
past 24 hours over Oregon and Washington.
A marked depression overlies California and
Nevada and will likely move northward.
The temperature continues high in the in
terior of California. Over Eastern Nevada and
Utah there has ¦ been a fall of from 8 to 1 1
degrees. The temperature has risen 10 de
grees or more over Oregon and Washington.
No rain has fallen In California, but condi
tions are such that unsettled weather may be
expected on the coast Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnisht June 18. 1902:
Northern California — Cloudy,' unsettled
weather Wednesday: not so warm in the in
terior; light northerly winds inland; brisk
westerly winds on the coast, jt
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
I weather inland Wednesday; fresh northwest
I winds.
I Nevada — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Wednes
day; light southerly winds changing, to fresh
westerly. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
FRUIT AND WEATHER BULLETIN.
For the twenty-four hours ending 5 p. m.
120th Meridian time, San Francisco, June 17
1902:
Retail Meat Prices.
The foiiowing retail quotations for meats are
furnished by the Ban Francisco Retail Butch
ers' Protective Association:
EEEK — Prime roast. lCjilSc: Porterhouse
*:¦.-:!<. 17l£@22Vie: Tenderloin steak. :.Vj( .1] Si.-;
Eirloin stead, 12',3<&loc; Top Round steak.
12l 2 c; l>eef stew. 30c; Corned Beef, SiglOc;
Boup benrs. 4c; Soup meat. SSflOc.
V*KAL> — Loin rcast. 15Jf20c: Shoulder roast,
12'-^15t-; Chops cr Cutlets. 15g-J0c
MUTTON — Leg. 12Vic; Fore-quarter. 8@10c;
Blew. S-^lOc; Prime choos, 15@18c; Shoulder
chops. ]0sJ12Vic.
SraCfQ LAMB — Chops. 15@20c: Leg, 15®
ISc; Fo!-e-<iuarter, 12V-C
PORK— Lti-n roast. 15@18c; Leg roast, 12%c;
Bhnulder rcast, ll@l£%c; Chops, 15@18c.
These nrices do not cover the cheapest
irratfe*. us it is impossible to quote regular
prices on Uicm.
The J Feather and Crops.
The .weekly report of A. G. McAdie. section
director of the climate and. crop service ol the
Weather Bureau, is as Follows :
GENERAL SUMMARY.
Warm weather has prevailed in the central
and northern ecctions. but in Southern Cal
ifornia the -weather has been unusually cool,
¦with heavy foss. and thunderstorms accom
panied by rain and hail occurred at the be
ginning of the week.
Grasshoppers in large numbers are reported
la portions of the San Joaquin and Sacramento'
Talleyt, where considerable damage has been
done to crops. Farmers are burning pasture
lands and spraying orchards and vines in an
•ffort to destroy the pest. In some places it
la claimed that grain is tco far advanced to be
•eriously injured by the grasshoppers. Grain
harvest is progressing nicely in the great val
leys. Barley is yielding very well, and the
au&llty * 6 excellent. Very little wheat has been
harvested, but the crop is maturing rapidly.
The hay crop !e nearly all gathered, and the
yield and quality are reported above average.
Kops in Sonoma County are very thrifty, and
the yield will probably be the largest ever
gathered. Sugar beets, beans, corn q.nd vege
tables are making good growth. Pasturage is
abundant except in the south. Irrigating water
Is becoming scare in Southern California.
Deciduous fruits have matured rapidly dur
ing the week, and all varieties will soon be In
market. With the exception of prune? and
pears, excellent crops are espeetetl in nearly
a:! sections, and prunes will yieid an average
crop in seme places. Grapes are in esxellent
condition and a heavy yield is predicted. Some
vineyards have been damaged by grasshoppers.
Valr.uts and citrus fruite are dDins welL
SACRAMENTO VALLEY— Weather condi
tions have been nearly normal during the week,
and crops have advanced steadily. Grain is
lEaturing lapidly: harvest :s progressing in
¦ome sections, and the yield is reported heavy.
Gra&ehcjjpers have caused but little damage
thus far. s~i it \% stated that most of the
rrain i* too far advanced to be seriously' in
jured. Farmers are htrhting the pett by burn
iv.p pasture lands and spraying trees and vines.
The Lay crop is unuFually heavy and the qual
ity <?x«-i!tr.U Deciduous fruits continue in good
condition, and are ripening rapidly. Vineyards
are thrifty, and sive Indications of a large
crop. It is r*T>orted that several acres of
Brar*vines in Sacramento County have been
ruined by grasshoppers. Citrus fruits are doing
¦welL
COAST AND RAT SECTIONS.— Continued
Tvarm weather during the week has been favor
aMo for all crops. Grain and fruit have de
veloped rapidly, and hops, beets, corn and
wtsctalfles have made good growth. Early eoirn
sxain is ready for harvest in some of the
nnrthern districts, and prospects are good for a
iMatf crop. The hay crop is above average in
y'old ar.3 quality in tie central and northern
flistrictF, and fair in the south. It is €sti
rr.ated that the yield of hops in Sonoma Coun
ty will be tbe heaviest ever harvested- There
«rp no reports of th« grasshopper pest in the
coast and bay countiet Deciduous fruits are
in excellent condition, and more than average
crops cf most varieties are expected. Cher
ries and otipr small fruits, are being gathered
ae rapicly as poeJtil*. and the canneries are
tn full cperaticn. Farmers, orchardiets and
earners in Alameda County are unable to se
cure sufficient labor to properly handle th;
heavy crops. CHrus fruits are thrifty.
FAN' JOAQTTN- VALLET.— The treather was
very, warm during the first of the ireek. but
became coder totrard 'the close. Grain and
fruit mttuTed rapidly and oliier crops made
food Fro^th- Orain harvest te prcgressirig
rapidly in many places- Early somi bariey is
rle^oing a large crop, excellent in quality, but
the late town is wmewlat shrunken. Wheat
hari"eEt "lias commfni-e^ in SianUlau; 1 CTunty.
r»:e fecond emp of allhila is of pood quality
UJ<3 Ihe >-i< l Ifl abrut averapc Some of the grain
tn Tulare and otli»r rouijiern counties is being
cut- for hay or used for pasturage. Grasshop
pers are damaging ftsIti ir. many places, but
have not yet attacked the fruit districts to any
preat erient. All fruils except i>ears are In
ftc»-lleEt coniiticn. sad gor-d crops are expected.
C'.zxf * are very Thrifty. * :
BOCTHE32X CALIFORNIA.— The tveather
SaF bepn -jruroally cool, -with considerable
tloUiSinefE ar.l heavy fog*. A thunderstorm oc
rurrod NorAzy nitfht. accompanied by hall and
:lsfct rain 7n fi«m? places, causing K.Hght (3am
tge to fruit. Oraia harvept jg progressing In
•OTT.e eertJor.s, and (be 'field is reported good
Bay If. yieKin?-a 'air crop. Potatoef vijl be
if gncd quality, but the yield rather Email.
Psrturag? ir becoming Bcarce in many place?
RTalnule are making good progre-s. Deriduoufi
Truil". T-lth the exception of. oprlcotn. will b»
•early up to average. Citrus fruits and grapes
ir» in excellent condition. The berry crop is
rood. "Water 'for irriraticn is becoisjne very
»carc».
LO9 ANGELES fUVKARY.— Thunder Mi<nr
rr» pi\ the 10th and Mih. Trlth ha.il in place* •
to aa=-.age reported. Orchards arr in good
tor.dition. H»r it si! cat in the Ontario sec-
Uoa: rood crop.
EVJVEKX RTTilMART.— The warm -w»ath^r
m bereficial to ci-opr. Some oats h^aafng short
Ceretables ar+ bacirrrard, but In flnn growins
Kmdillcn. Ptra^berr'^s am r-'er.tlful and of ex
»ellert »:uality.' Th« fruit prc-ppect wafl never
teitt-T.
Weather Report
C2«th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
CAN KRANCISCO. June 17—5 p. m.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, June 17.^-ConsoIs, 96%;- silver,
24 5-16d; French rentes, lOlf 72%c; cargoes on
passage, firm but not active; cargoes No. 1
standard California, 29s 9d; cargoes Walla
Walla. 29s 3d; English country markets, easy.
LIVERPOOL, June , 17.— Wheat, steady;
wheat in Paris, strong; flour in Paris, strong;
French country markets, quiet and steady;
weather in England, cloudy. .
COTTON— Uplands. 4 15-16d.
The Corn Exchange here will be closed June
26 and 27 and probably June 28, in" observa
tion of the coronation festivities.
. WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, June 17. — Wheat, unchanged. Blue
stem, C5%c; club. 64%c.
ftiic for heavy arid 9c for light; Stags, 7c;
Salted Kip. 9cT Salted Veal. SVic; Salted Calf.
10c- Dry Hides, 15@ie>/ 2 c; Culls. 14@15c; I>ry
Kip. ll@13c; Dry Calf. 16®18c: Culls ana
Brands. 15@ 16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 20-®
30c each; short wool. 40@«0c each; medium,
C5®75c; long Wool. SOcffjIl 20 each; Horse
Hides, salt $3 for large and $2 50 for medium,
fl 50©2 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides dry $1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium.
S10S1 25 for small and 50c for Colts Buck
Skins— Dry Mexican. 32%c; dry salted Mexi
can 25c- dry Central American. 32%c. Goat
Skins-Vrlme Angoras, 75c; large and smooth.
1 rendered. 5%@6c per lb:
No. 2, 4V-@3c; grease, 2%'33%c.
WOOL^-Spring, Humboldt and aTendocIno,
16@1S6: Northern free. 14318c; do. defective.
13@14c Middle County free. 13@15c; do. de
fective l-'-ffilSc- Southern. 12 months. 9«10c;
do! 7 months 9@llc: Footh1 "' ?#S2S N< ™-
da 12015c; Valley Oregon fine. 13@lt>c; do,
medium and coarse 14015c per lb.
HOPS— 12@12%c for fair and l^JWc per lb
for good to choice, contracts for 1902 crop being /
drawn at 13@14c. '
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hoes are In light supply and firm. Beef and
Mutton are easy with a downward tendency.
Veal shows no change. Nevada Sheep and
Lambs areexpected on thia market Monday, as
there are about 20C0 now on the way.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • • • »««_ «. iiv
BEEF — 6@7Vic for Steers and ogee per ltt
f °VEAl£-Large. 7@8c; small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7%@8%c; Ewes. 738c
PG LAMB— Spring Lambs, 9@9%c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 7%@9%c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, leas 50
per cent shrinkage for cattle:
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@7%c; thin Cows, 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — *®5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers. 3%@4c; Ewes, 3Vi®o%o
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— Suckling Lambs. $2 50®2 75 per
head or 4@4%c per lb live -weight; yearlings,
3%@4c Ber lb.
. HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 lbs and under, 6%c;
200 lbs and over, 6@C%c; feeders, 6@6%c:
sows, 20 per cent off. boars 50 per cent off
and stags 40 per cent off from, the above quota
tions.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Calcuttas are quoted a fraction firm
er. Grain Bags. Juno and July. 6c; San. Quen
tln, 5.55; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine,
7%©Sc. .
CANNED VEGETABLES. — The local Pe»
pack has been practically finished and nearly
all sold. It was short, being only a little
more than half of last year's. It Is reported
that the Eastern Tomato crop Is turning out
short, owing to unfavorable weather. Spot
Tomatoes have been weaker at 95c@$l for 2V»
standard during the past few days, but a firmer
market is now looked for. as all the weak hold
ers are reported sold out. Prices for ruturea
are expected shortly. Peas, 2-lb standard, 85c;
sifted, 95c; extra sifted, $1 10; petita poia, $1 25.
Gallons— Standards. $3 75: extra sifted. $4 25.
Asparagus, per case, 2 dozen cans to the case —
Mammoth White. $2 50@3 75; Large White,
$2@3 75; Medium "White, $1 75@2 65; Small
White, $1 60; Mammoth Green, $2 63@3 65;
Large Green. $2@2 90: Medium Green, $1 75^
, 2 50; Small Green. $1 50.
CANNED FRUITS — The California Fruit
Cannera quote as follows. In 2%-lb tins: Ap
ples,$l 35@$1 55; Apricots, $1 25@1 60; Peaches,
1 yellow, $1 40@l 65; do, Lemon Cling, $1 60@
1 75; Bartlett Pears, $1 50@l 75; Plums, $1 10
@1 30; Nectarines. $1 25@1 50: Muscat Grapes.
$1 15@1 35: Quinces. $1 30®l 55: Strawber
ries, $1 50® 1 75; Blackberries. $1 40® 1 60.
COAX. — Wellington. $8 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $8; Seattle. $6 50; Bryant. $« 50;
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay, $5 50; Greta, $8; Wall
send, $S 50; Co-operative Wallsend. $S CO;
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, ; Welsh An
thracite. $14; Cannel. $11 per ton: Coke. $15
per ton in bulk and $17 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50
per ton. according to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage compony la
making no quotations, but bale rope is being
quoted to the country by dealers and commis
sion men at ll%@12c per lb.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 5%c;
cases, regular. 6c; cases, extra large. 6%c;
cases. Eastern style, 6%c; Boneless, 7c; "Nor
way." 7c; "Narrow Gauge," 7%c; "Silver
¦Kins." 8c; blocks, "Orientals." 7c; blocks.
"Seabrlght," 7%c; tablets, 8c; Middles. 7%®
8%c; 5-lb boxes, fancy boneless. »%c; 2-lt»
boxes fancy boneless, 8@8%c; Desiccated, per
dozen, 90c; Pickled Cod,' barrels, each, $3;
Pickled Cod. half-barrels, each, $5.
COFFEE — First-hand asking prices are:
Costa Rica — 13%@15c for strictly prime to
fancy washed; 12@13%c for prime washed:
10%@ll%c for good washed; U%@13 for good
to prime washed peaberry; 10%@llc for good
to prime peaberry, 10J4@llc for good to prime;
8@9%c for fair; 5%®7%c for common to ordi
nary. Salvador — 12@12%c for strictly prims
washed; 10@ll%c for good to prime washed;
8%@9%c for fair washed; 10<gll% for good to
prime washed peaberry: 8siJ9%c for good to
prime semi-washed; 8%@8%c for superior un
washed; 8@8%c for good green unwashed; 99
9%c for good to superior unwashed peaberry;
5%®7c for common to ordinary. Nicaragua.—
12@14c for prime to fancy washed; 9^«@10%o
for fair to strictly good washed. 7%@SVic for
good to superior unwashed; 8%@9%c for-gocd
to prime unwashed peaberry. Guatemala and
Mexlcan->-12@15c for prime to fancy washed;
ll@ll%c for strictly good washed; 10@10%o
for good washed: 8%®9%c for fair washed; 7^
8%c for medium; 6%@6%c for Inferior to ordi
nary; 10%@12 for good to prime washed pea
berry: 9@J)%e for good to prime unwashed
peaberry; 8@S% for good to superior unwashed.
LEATHER — Sole. heavy. 29®32c; extr*
heavy, 30ig;34c per lb: medium. 27@29c; light.
24<§>20c; Rough Leather. 26@2Sc; Harness
Leather, heavy, 35<§39c for No. 1 and 80<e;J3c
for No. 2; medium. 30@37c; light. 29<@35c;
Skirting No. 1. 40@42c; No. 2, 3C@3Sc; Collar
Leather. 15(SS16c p«r foot: Trace Leather, 40®
44c: Kip. unfinished. 40<5>50c per lb; VeaL fin- '
tshed. 16igl7c per foot: Belt Knife Splits. 149
16c; Rough Splits, 8®10c per lb.
TANBARK— Ground. $25@28 per ton; stick.
$16® IS per cord.
OIL— California Castor Oil, tn cases. No. 1»
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled.
78c; raw, 76c; cases, 6c more; Lucol. 68c for
boiled and 66c for raw. in barrels: Lard Oil.
: extra winter strained, barrels, $1; cases, $1 03;
China Nut. 57%©68c per gallon; pure Neata
foot. in .barrels, 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure.
65c; Whale Oil. natural white. 40@50c per gal
lon; Fish Oil, barrels, 42%c; cases, 47%c:
Cocoanut Oil, barrels, 63%c for Ceyloa and
58 %c for Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk,
18Vj@14c: Pearl Oil, In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 20c: Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 23c; Eocene. "^
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 16c:
In cases. 22%c; Benzine, In bulk, l*%e; In
cases, 2lc; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; la
cases. 26 Vic.
TURPENTINE— 71c per grallon In cases and
65c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead 7(9
7%c per lb; White Lead. 6%@7%c. according
to quantity.
SALT — l-Jverpool, $30if?32 50 for the best and
$2S<§29 for factory filled. Domestic — Imitation
Liverpool. $26 2C@27; H. R. H., $26 25^27-
Californla Dairy, 50-lb bags. $2C: Rock Salt.
$18 50@l» f-O. according to quantity; Granu
lated. $26 25(327 per ton. ". - .
QUICKSILVER— $46^47 per flask for local
use and $-l4'Q45 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound. In ICO-lb
bags: Cubes A. Crushed and Fine Crushed.
4.50c : Powdered. 4.35c; Candy Granulated.
•*.3oc; Dry Granulated Fine. 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated-Coarse, 4.25c: Fruit Granulated 4 2.V-
Be*t Granulated (100-lb bags only) none :
Confectioners' A, 4.25c; Magnolia A 3 S'c'
"Extra C. 3.75c; Golden, C. 3.65c; "t>" 3'55c :
barrels. 10c more: half-barels. 23c" more :
boxes, 50c more; SO-lb bag*. 10c more for ail
kinds. Dominos— Half-barrels. 7.1™ fcWs So
per lb. No order taken for less than 75 bar
rels or Its equivalent. .
LUMBER— Retail prices ar « a a follows-
Pine, ordinary sizes. $1S®1J> 50- extra. sizeV
higl.er: Redwood. *l7®20; Lath 4 f>»t r 'W
for'sa^n; RVic.^^'" 8pUt « d »"
Receipts of Produce.
TUESDAY. .TUNE 17
SS
Barley ctta .... 9.250 Pelt^bdu^?; ." '. .' i 0
§*??• C ,V 8 WSO| Hides, no....... 51t>
S**l a ct! " v A 6 " Quicksilver, flsk «2
tee^ks::: iffitea?^: g,
Srin '^ ••• « 1ft i'aper. car - t'
Smc^-bd,; 70 -^
Hw'-toSI"---- ?=2^ug w ar? r ctr, a ::::: £««
7' tOna waSngtox.
Northern Wheat Market,
OREGON. .
PORTLAND, June 17.— Wheat. Walla Walla,
65%<366c.
Northern Business.
PORTLAND. June 17.— Clearings, |340,293;
balances. $107,351. • .
• SEATTLE, - June' 17.— Clearings, $817,761;
balances, $140,762.
TACOMA, June 17.— Clearings, $183,559;
balances, $31,969. -
SPOKANE, June 17.— Clearings, $303,571;
balances, $55,985. •
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, June 17.— The cotton market
opened ; easy, with June 2 points higher and
other months 3 to 5 points lower, and closed
easy : and net 10 to 14 points lower.
Local slocks and bonds arc still lifeless.
Silver, firm. Exchange as before.
Wheat and zchcat freights, quiet. . \
Barley steady, iciih light offerings.
Less demoralisation in Oats. Corn and Rye still dull.
Flurry in Corn at Chicago over drought in Texas.
Hay and Feedstuff s as previously quoted.
Beans in light stock, but quiet. . Seeds neglected. • -
Butter and Eggs, in large supply and zvcak. Cheese unchanged.
Dried Fruit, Nuts and. Raisins nominal.
Honey prices not yet affected by short crop reports.
Provisions dull, both here and at Chicago.
Wool, Hops and Hides about as before quoted.
Beef and Mutton easy. Hogs in light supply and firm.
Sheep and Lambs heading this way from Nevada^ .
Grain Bags steadier.
Pea pack jo per cent of last year's.
Eastern Tomato crop reported short. ...
New Potatoes and Tomatoes in large supply. Onions quiet.
Poultry freely offered and dull. Game slozv.
Good demand for fruits for Northern shipment.
Citrus fruits in light supply and good demand:
NEW YORK, June 17.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23,600 barrels; exports, 6120 barrels. Market
quiet, but steady. • •
WHEAT— Receipts, 18,925 bushels. Spot was
steady. No. 2 red, 78%c elevator; ' No. 2 red,
79V4@80V&c t. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, SOVic f.,o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Mani
toba, 84%c t. o. b. afloat. Influenced at the
start by higher cables, foreign buying, small
•Northwestern receipts and a squeeze of -July
corn shorts at Chicago, wheat showed consid
erable activity and strength. It- reacted at
midday under realizing easier late cables and
> favorable weather news, but later rallied again
¦with corn and closed . steady at a partial %c
net advance. July, 78%(^78%c,- closed 78%c;
September, 7U%@,« 13-ltic. closed at 76%c;
-December, 77 %@78c, closed at 77 %c.
HOPS— Firm. .
HIDES— Steady. U . , ¦ -, , .
WOOL— Quiet. \ ?- :,
COFFEE — Spot Rio quiet. No. 7 invoice,
5y 4 c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures
closed steady with prices net 5 points higher.
Total sales, 3000 bags, including: September,
,4.S5@4.90c; October, oc; December, 5.10c; May,
5.50c. ; - ¦ ,¦ : air* ¦. , , ¦
. SUGAR— naw,'finn. Fair refining, 3c; cen
trifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses eugar, 2%c.
Refined was steady, j '* *•" . ¦.
' . DRIED FRUITS.
' The market for evaporated apples continues
iquiet and ; unchanged. There is good demand
¦ for October 'and November deliveries at tic for
; prime, with holders ¦ Inclined to look * for 6V4
@6%c. Spots are quqted as follows: Common
to good, 7<&9%c; prime, 10c: choice, 10%@10%c;
fancy, 'lla .-• . ; y.-
Prunes are steady, chiefly on export takings.
Sales are also reported • for the ¦ interior, but
domestic demand generally Is light. Prices
range from 3%@6%c for all grades. .
1 Apricots are in fair request | at unchanged
prices, ranging from 10%@14c in boxes to 10%
ftfl-c in bags.
I -Peeled peaches are quoted at from 12@16c;
unpeeled. t>%@10%c.
for thV Western Maryland road at Baltimore
this week. The market closed active and
steady.
The bond market was Irregular. Total sales,
$2,215,000. ¦
United ' States old 4s registered declined %
and the now 4s U per cent on the last call.
. NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sales: High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 7,000 8iiJ"8154 «l?i
Atchison pfd 2,400 101 Io0%100-)i
Baltimore & Ohio.. I,o00 10o% 105'ft " 106&
fcaliu & Ohio pfd , ..... .....95
Canadian Paelnc . . 5,700 137 13t>% ¦ 130%
Canada Southern .. ' 100 94% !M% 93%
Chea & Ohio S00 47Vi -46 •& 46^
Chicago & Alton .. ¦ 100 37% 37% 37%
Chicago. & A pfd.. 200 77Vi 77 Vi 76%
Chi Ind & Louis... 200 75% 75% 75
Chi Ind & L pfd... 300 87%\ S/y A 87.
Chi & E 111 170
Chi G Western ... 2,000 29',i 28%, VJ
Chi G W A pfd.... ¦ 400 CO SU% "89%
Chi G W B pfd ¦"'.. * 4S
Chicago & KW..,. 100 257; 257 25t>
CKI.&.P 300 1V2U 172i/i 172%
Chi Term & Tran.. 000 21%' 21 21 J ,i
Chl'T & T pfd .... -.... 3!)
C C C & St Louis. . 500 105 104% 105 '
Colo Southern 000 .31% 31 ii 31*4
Colo South 1st pfd. 200 71Vi 71 71%
Colo South 2d pfd.« 200 44Vj, 44U 44
Del & Hudson.'. . .-. . 4,200 175% 175% 17«
1JCI Lack & W 2S0
Denver & Rio G... 500 41% 41% 41«i
Denver & R G pfd 500 93 92% 92%
Erie 0,800 37% 37V* 37%
E:ie 1st pfd 1,300 68 T /8 08% «8%
Krie 2d Pfd 500 53% 53>,i 53
Gt. Northern pfd... 2.700 189% 187% 189
Hocking Valley ... 900 85 84% 85%
Hocking Val pfd 92
Illllnois Central ... 700 153*4 153 153
Iowa Central 1,800 40% .47% 4'J 1^
Iowa Central pfd .. ' 1,800 S.8% 8«% S3
K. C. Southern 900. ,34% , 34% 34%
K. C. Southern pfd. 100 Cl% . 61% ,61%
Lake Erie & W... . 100 05% 65% 64
Lake Erie & W pfd . .... .... 127
Louis & Nash 200 137% 137 130%
Manhattan L 2,600 1 31% 130% 131.
Metropolitan St Ry 1,200 151% 150% 151%
Mexican Central .. 4.S00 28% 28% 28%
Mex National . 1,700 19% 11) 19.
Minn & St Louis... S00 114% 114 114^i
Mo Pacific 54,200 107V* 105% 107
Mo Kan & Texas.. «0O 20% 20% .26%
M K & T pfd S00 . 5S% 5S>i 58-,i
N J Central 190
N Y Central 400 150Vi 150 156
Norfolk & Western 2,000 57% 57 57^i
Norfolk & W pfd 91%
Ontario & Western. 1,000 33% 32% 83
Pennsylvania 1,200 150% 150% 150%
Reading 97,100 07% 65V4 «7>,i
1 Reading 1st pfd 4,800 85 S4% ' ;S4%
Reading 2d pfd 14,900 71 70 -70%
St L & San Fran.. 4,100 70>4 6OTs "0%
St L & S F 1st pfd . 83
St L & S F 2d pfd 400 -73% 73% '73%
St Louis SW 2S
St Louis SW.pfd... 300 Cl^i 60% ¦ G0%
St Paul 15.C00 173% 172% 173%
St Paul pfd 189
Southern Pacific .. 4,200 f>5 . (!4% C4%
Southern Railway.. 2.400 37^i 37 - .37
Southern Ry pfd... 200 95% 95% 95%
Texas & Pacific 700 42 41% 41<K.
Toledo St L & W.. 100 21 21 20%
T St L & W pfd.. 100 38 3S 37%
Union Pacific 12,600 105Vi 104% 105%
Union Pacific pfd. .. 2,000 SOV* SS% S9
Wabash 1.000 27% 27 Vi 27 V*
Wabash pfd 26,000 45 44% 44%
Wheeling & Lake E 100 22%, 22% 22
W & L E 2d pfd . . .' 35
Wisconsin Central 400 27% 27 27%
Wisconsin Cent pfd ...... 44
Express Companies —
Adams - ...." 197
American 223
United States 114
Wells .Fargo 200
Miscellaneous — .
Amal Copper ! 5,800 CS'i " 67% 6S
Am. Foundry 1,100 S3% 33 33U
Am. Foundry pfd..; 300 91}4 91 91
American L Oil 24%
Am L Oil pfd 50%
Am. Loco. 1.400 - 33% XiV* 33%
Am. Loco pfd. .... 800 94U 93% 94-
Am. Sniel. & Ref .. 1,000 4S% 48% 48%
Am S & Ref pfd.. 700 100 100 99%
Anaconda M. Co... 100 114 "114 113%
Brooklyn R Tran.. 1,100 C7Vi G0% 67
Col. Fuel & Iron... 100 98%, 9SV4 98%
Ccns. Gas 500 221% 221% 821%
Cont Tobacco pfd 122 '
General Electric... 1,000 313 305 305
Hocking Coal 1C%
Interna'l Paper 100 20% 20% 20%
Interna'l Paper pfd COO 74 73% 74
Interna'l Power .'. 75.
Laclede Gas .85
National Biscuit... COO 4S% <S% 48?i
National Lead .... . 100 22 Vi' 22% 22
North American 121
Pacific Coast <J3
Pacific Mall ...:.. 100 41% 41U 40
People's Gas 500 102% 102* 102%
Pressed Steel Car. 1,100 47% 4t!% 47%
Pressed S Car pfd .. 200 . SG% SOli S6V>
Puliman Pal Car .'. 234
Republic Steel 300 IS 17% 17'/-
Republic Steel pfd. 300 74 73% 73%
Sugar 27.300 127% 126 127%
Tenn. Coal & Iron. 1,600 04% (S4% Gi%
Union Bag & P. Co. 100 15»i 15'i ]5V,
U Bag & P Copfd 7 ..;. SIM
U. S. Leather .... 100 13% 13% 1314
U. S. Leather pfd .. 400 S4% 81U 81VS
U S Rubber ",.. . 541^
U. S. Rubber pfd.. 300 55 55 55'
U. S. Steel ...... 8.600 :» 38% 38%
U. S. Steel pfd 5,300 89 88% 88%
Western Union .... COO D2 91 j| 91%
Total sales 391,200
NEW YORK. CLOSING BONDS. -
U S ref Cs reg...lO7% L & N Uni 4s... 103%
U S ref 2s coup.,10S% Mexican Cent 4s. S4V.
U S 3a reg 107 Mex Cent 1st inc. 30 "
U S 3s coup 107 Minn & St L 4s.. 105
U S new 4s reg..l35Vi Mo, Kan & T 4s. 99%
U S new 4s coup. 135% Mo, K & T 2ds.. 84%
U S old 4s reg.. .109% N T Central lsts.lO4U
U S old 4s coup.U0% N Y C gen 3iAs..l08%
n S 5a res 105 N J Cent gen 5s.l3»V4
'> S 5a coup 105 N Pacific 4s 105
Vtchison pen 4s..l(«% N Pacific 3s 74V4
Atchtson adj 4s.. 93% N & W con 4s... 101%
Bait & Ohio 4s.. 102% Reading gen 4s...l00}i
Bait & Ohio 3%s. 06 Vi B L & I M con 5s.1in
B & O conv 4s... 107 S L & S F 4s 100
Canada So 2ds...lOO S L Swestrn lsts. 99%
Cent of Ga 5s 108% S L Swestrn 2da.. 87
Cent Ga 1st inc.. Kl% S A & A P 4s... 90%
Ches & Ohio 4%8.108V6 So Pacific 4s 02%
Chgo & Alt S%s. S5T6 So Railway 5s...l23i,4
C B & Q new 4s. 96% Tex & Pac 1sts..ll9H
C M & S Pgen4s.l15% Tol, S L & W 4a. 83%
C & KW con 7s..ir,U\'g Union Pacific 4s. 106%
C R I & P -Is 112% U P conv 4s 107%
C C C&SL gen 4a.lO2 Wabash Jsts .119%
Cheo Term 4s.... 90 Wabash 2ds.. HIT;
Colo & So 4s 96 Wabash deb B 7S-'.
Den & Rio Gr 4s.lO3% West Shore 4s.... 115%
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% Wheel & L E 4s. 90
Erie gen 4s 89 Wis Cent 4s 94-
F W & D C lsts.lir.% Cons Tobacco 4s.. 67%
Hocking Val 4%s.llOVi 1
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams 23 Little Chief,....;. 12
Alice 45 Ontario ;.. ...7 2.">
Hreece 50 Ophlr .1 05
Brunswick Con.... (4) Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel.. 05% Potosl .; 17,
Con Cal & Va 1 20 Savage -0B
Deadwood Terra.. .1 00 Sierra Nevada ' 10
Horn Silver 1 30 Final 1 Hopes. ....... '40
Iron Silver 70 Standard 3 00
Leadvllle Con . . ... 05
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money.. J>6% N Y Central 160
Cons for acct..... 96% Nor & Western.. 58%
Anaconda 5% Nor' &. W pfd. . . 02V->
Atchison 83-i Ontario & West.. 33%
Atchison pfd. . . . .3O3V4 Pennsylvania .... 77
Bait & Ohio JOS'!* Reading ... .. 33%
Canadian Pacific. 1 40 '/'• Reading 1st pfd.. 43
Ches & Ohio 4S Reading 2d pfd... 35
Cheo G Western. 30% So' Railway ..... 37U
Chgo, M & St P. 177% So Railway pfd.. 97%
Denver & Rio Gr. 43 So Pacific W%
D & R G pfd 95% Union Pacific. .. ..107%
Erie 38V» Union Pac pfd... 90%
Erie 1st pfd 70 U S Steel B0%'
Erie 2d pfd . r >» U S3 Steel pfd.... i)0',k
Illinois Central . . .156% Wabash 2S
Louisvl & Naahvl.140% Wabash pfd 4C
Mo. Kans & Tex. 27% Spanish 4s 80y»
Mo. K & T pfd.. 60
Bar pllver, quiet, 24 15-lCd per ounce.
Money, 2j?2Vs per cent.
The rate of discount. in the open market for
short bills is 2 9-10 per cent, and for three
months' bills 2% per -cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. June 17. — Close: Money on
call, steady at 2(J3 per cent', closed, offerod
at 1 per cent. Prime mercantile paper,' 4 \\w
5 per cent. Sterling exchange, firm, with actual
business In bankers' bills at $4 87% for demanj
and at $+ P5V& for sixty days. Posted rates,
$4 80 and $4 88V2. Commercial bills.- $4 SW*
©4 85%. Ear silver. 53%c. Mexican dollars.
42Vic. Government bonds, weak; State bonds,
strong; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. June 17.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve
In the division of . redemption, shows: Avail
able cash balance. $199,089,031; gold, ?aj,-
London Market.
NEW YORK, J.une 17.— .The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
There was a thin attendance on the floor. of
the Stock Exchange owing to the Ascot races.
The tone was cheerful owing to the improve
ment in • the King's health. Consol3 sold at
f'G%. KafJlrs are- expected to rally after option
day on Friday. .
The .American department was neglected un-
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
was ' about % cent lower, with spot closing at
$20 30© 29 75. , . • . . •.,
Copper was also lower here by about %• A
sale of 50,000 pounds electrolytic spot was
made under the rule at $12 20. Standard, spot
to August, closed at $11 60@12; Lake, 12 %c:
electrolytic and casting at $12@12 20. London
copper closed 2s, 6d lower, with spot at £54 us
and futures. at £54 7s 6d. . . '..-.,
The production of copper for the : month ' of
May this year was the heaviest on record, be
ing 1500 tons larger than the last previous rec
ord month. There were produced during the
month 25,763 tons, against 22,392 tons during
May a year a~o. The product for the five
months thl8 year was 113,708 tons, against'
110,093 tons the same period last year.
Lead ruled steady but quiet and unchanged
at New York, standing at 4%c. while London
held steady at yesterday's quotation of £11 5s.
Spelter was 2s 6d lower abroad at £1S 15s,
and locally was nominally unchanged at 4%c.
Iron ruled steady here at former rates. War
rants continue nominal; No. 1 Northern foun
dry, $21@22: No. 2 foundry. Northern. $20 50®
21 50; No. 1 foundry. Southern. $20 50@21 50;
No. 1 foundry, southern soft, $20 50@21 50. .
Foreign markets were practically unchanged,
Glasgow closed at 54s 4d and Mlddlesboro at
49s 7*id.
I New York Grain and Produce.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
til the afternoon. ''The close was strong on New
York support. United States Steel was flat on
-the court decision affecting the conversion plan.
Copper sold at £54M the ton and Rio Tintos
were % down to 4.5>4 ' •
LONDON, June 17. — The Stock Exchange
here will not close on Saturday, June 21, until
i 3 p.. m., ¦
THE SAN FKANCISGO CALL. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 1.3. 1902.
Foreign Futures,
LOCAL MARKETS, s
Continued on Page Eleven,
NEW TORK. June 15.— Yesterday'* volume
of activity in stocks was about maintained
to-day and the degree of diversity of the trade
¦was very similar. The movement of prices -was
rather irregular. In spite of. the striking sains
by som» of the stocks which led the market In
point of activity. A movement to take profits
in St. raul added to the irregular appearanoe
of the market, as the grain carrying railroads
generally sb<nred some conspicuous points of
strength. The upward movement in the Read
ings was also pronounced and the dealings in
that stock were on a very large scale, even
after ailo-wing for iu enumeration as half
shares. The forces back of these movements
were concentrated and their operations were
net conspicuous outside of a few stocks. It
was not clear that the large buying move
ments in all cases were from identical sources
but It was evident that the operations were in
concert. The brokers who were buying Rradtns
were sellers of St. Paul, while the large ab
sorption of Missouri Pacific seemed to come
from ether sources, said to be a pool which has
operated in this stock for many months. Union
Pacify maintained Its recent stable tendency
and the .Atohisons were not so active as yes
terday. Soveral minor stocks among the
grangers wero active and strong, notably the
St. Joseph and Grand Island stocks, under the
combined Influence of the approach of the div
idend period and rumors of abrorption by Union
Pacific. Thpre was great irregularity among
the industrials, but the most important stocks
in that drpartment were heavy. There was ac
tive liquidation in Sugar, owing to unfavora
ble opinion of the chances of Cuban reciprocity
in the Senate. United Etatos Steel ntock3 wero
depressed by yesterday' * injunction measure
againi-t the stock conversion. General Electri
was *aslly forced down fl points on light sell
ing. Thrre was some demand on the other hand
for Presped Steel Car. American Car. Snuff,
Bicycle preferred and New York Dock, the last
named rising 6% points. There was no new?
to explain the movement* among tho loaders
beyond the progress of a speculative cam
pa, gn. The excitement In the corn market seem
ingly did not affect the corn carrying roads,
as H *££? not as8 °c'ated with bad crop re
ports. The falling of ehowcrs In the cotton belt
was learned with satisfaction and the etrength
or wheat In foreign markets, which was re
flected here, was a favorable influence on the
price of securities. There was .no news of the
coal strike to account for the strength of the
Readings, although assertions were heard In
Wall street that the collapse of the strike
was probably at hand. There was no uneasi
ness apparent over the money market not
withstanding U:c approach of the time for
preparation of the semi-annual settlement and
the known requirements for several syndicate
operations. Including the payment of $8,OOoI<KW
8
mr: coast
! KECORD.
; g • a » ?a
" S?5 *3 <S H
~ j; 5
BTATIOXE. S k ?
13 i * r" S
. F
!• • ° '• ' S"
e - »¦» - 2
• • ' • '•¦<¦..
l*tori* SO. 00 C4
gifcer 29.98 «J6
fateon 29. CS 78
fcurcka £9.02 .18
fresno 2».00 303
f-arctaflT 23 . (>4 SO
foratcllo. Ida.2^.S5 <!0
>>p Ang-'-'les...2:t.7« 74
»H-.r«n1> 29.T.2 Ifrt
?ortland 2O.!H 72
tri Bluff 2».':0 J»2
trtcpbarg . . 2f« . S.S 74
la^ramento...l. > ».';« *S
ls!t Lak» E9.80 <W
¦a Fi»ncl»cc.^9.7J 72
«) NK Oar O.Oi)
36 NV; I»t Cldy 0.00
52 K Clear 0.00
46 N. CI*ar • 0.00
04 NW CI<?ar 0.00
"S W Clear 0.00
42 W Clfsr 0.«W
02 FK Oar 0.{)0
r.« SW Clear O.OO
«Kl XV, J Clear 0.00
44 NVv* <"lear 0.02
70 N Pt <:idy 0.«y
42 X Clear 0.00
«2 N'W Cloudy 0.00
.'.2 NW Clear Q.O0
50 W Clear 0.00
2 as -a » xt ¦ <
2 2. r - — " 5? >' ' o
= 353 S 5. -S. , 2.
STATIONS. ''£»- r J° |o ¦?
e p " £ -¦ c - L
S T ? • •
Chico 95 5S .00 Clear N
Cloverdale 06 59 .00 Clear
Colufa 'J2 70 .00 Clear
Eureka 58 4G .C«0 Clear N i6
ftaao 102 64 .00 Clear XW I.t
Hanford 97 «7 .00 Clear
Hollister SS 43 .00 Clear W
Independence ...DO 0"4 .00 Clear SE ill
Kins City 92 41 .00 Clear
I.!vermone !Ki 48 .00 Clear
l>os Angeles 74 5t5 .00 Clear" SW ' ii
Merced 96 58 .00 Hazy x\v
Kapa 92 51 .CO Clear S
Newman 'M 54 .00 Clear N StK
Palermo 96 53 .00 Pt.Cldy >,"
Ked Bluff 02 70 .00 PuCldy N it)
Riverside 84 53 .00 Clear .
Sacramento 88 62 .00 Cloudy V \s
San Dieso 62 58 .00 Cloudy SW <3
San Francisco. ..72 CO .00 Clear W ->t
San Jose 87 43 .00 Clear
San Luis Oispo..72 48 -.00 Clear s" 10
Santa Maria 73 42 .00 Clear W
Santa Rosa 87 46 .00 Clear
£ e " tur a 72 45 .00 Fogry SW '.'.
Wtllow« 92 71 .00 Pt-Cldy M"W
I S. L. Obispo..
I San Die?o .
I Seattle
j tjtfokane. ......
| Neah Bay
| Walla Walla.
I Winnemucca.
! Yuma
..20.78 72
..23.78 • IS •
..30.04 70
.30.00 08
..30.08 58
. .2U.9G 74
. .2».S2 72
..29.52 102
4S S Clear
• BS SW Cloudy
4tf NW Clear
44 E Clear
50 NW Clear
40 SW Clear
44 W Clear
68 S Clear
O.OO
0.00
0.01
0.04
0.00
T.
0.00
0.00
mr: coast
! KECORD.
; g • a » ?a
" S?5 *3 <S H
~ j; 5
BTATIOXE. S k ?
13 i * r" S
. F
!• • ° '• ' S"
e - »¦» - 2
• • ' • '•¦<¦..
l*tori* SO. 00 C4
gifcer 29.98 «J6
fateon 29. CS 78
fcurcka £9.02 .18
fresno 2».00 303
f-arctaflT 23 . (>4 SO
foratcllo. Ida.2^.S5 <!0
>>p Ang-'-'les...2:t.7« 74
»H-.r«n1> 29.T.2 Ifrt
?ortland 2O.!H 72
tri Bluff 2».':0 J»2
trtcpbarg . . 2f« . S.S 74
la^ramento...l. > ».';« *S
ls!t Lak» E9.80 <W
¦a Fi»ncl»cc.^9.7J 72
«) NK Oar O.Oi)
36 NV; I»t Cldy 0.00
52 K Clear 0.00
46 N. CI*ar • 0.00
04 NW CI<?ar 0.00
"S W Clear 0.00
42 W Clfsr 0.«W
02 FK Oar 0.{)0
r.« SW Clear O.OO
«Kl XV, J Clear 0.00
44 NVv* <"lear 0.02
70 N Pt <:idy 0.«y
42 X Clear 0.00
«2 N'W Cloudy 0.00
.'.2 NW Clear Q.O0
50 W Clear 0.00
2 as -a » xt ¦ <
2 2. r - — " 5? >' ' o
= 353 S 5. -S. , 2.
STATIONS. ''£»- r J° |o ¦?
e p " £ -¦ c - L
S T ? • •
Chico 95 5S .00 Clear N
Cloverdale 06 59 .00 Clear
Colufa 'J2 70 .00 Clear
Eureka 58 4G .C«0 Clear N i6
ftaao 102 64 .00 Clear XW I.t
Hanford 97 «7 .00 Clear
Hollister SS 43 .00 Clear W
Independence ...DO 0"4 .00 Clear SE ill
Kins City 92 41 .00 Clear
I.!vermone !Ki 48 .00 Clear
l>os Angeles 74 5t5 .00 Clear" SW ' ii
Merced 96 58 .00 Hazy x\v
Kapa 92 51 .CO Clear S
Newman 'M 54 .00 Clear N StK
Palermo 96 53 .00 Pt.Cldy >,"
Ked Bluff 02 70 .00 PuCldy N it)
Riverside 84 53 .00 Clear .
Sacramento 88 62 .00 Cloudy V \s
San Dieso 62 58 .00 Cloudy SW <3
San Francisco. ..72 CO .00 Clear W ->t
San Jose 87 43 .00 Clear
San Luis Oispo..72 48 -.00 Clear s" 10
Santa Maria 73 42 .00 Clear W
Santa Rosa 87 46 .00 Clear
£ e " tur a 72 45 .00 Fogry SW '.'.
Wtllow« 92 71 .00 Pt-Cldy M"W
I S. L. Obispo..
I San Die?o .
I Seattle
j tjtfokane. ......
| Neah Bay
| Walla Walla.
I Winnemucca.
! Yuma
..20.78 72
..23.78 • IS •
..30.04 70
.30.00 08
..30.08 58
. .2U.9G 74
. .2».S2 72
..29.52 102
4S S Clear
• BS SW Cloudy
4tf NW Clear
44 E Clear
50 NW Clear
40 SW Clear
44 W Clear
68 S Clear
O.OO
0.00
0.01
0.04
0.00
T.
0.00
0.00
AUCTION SALES
- '- *-
£& £^
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
If you want to sell anything or buy anything
wait for our auctions. We have a large as-
sortment of HORSES to suit any b" 3 '"?^;
also a lot of WAGONS, BUGGIE3. CARTS
and HARNESS. GROVE-ST. STABLEo.
Grove st.. bet. Polk st. and Van Ness ave.
THURSDAY; June 19.
MADIGAN, O'NEILL & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
£a- AUCTION SALE— 4D HEAD £^
Gentle broke work and 1 driving horses, con-
signed by A. P Rooker, Stockton.
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
MONDAY. JUNE 1C. 11 A. M.ELKS' POLICE COURT DEALS OUT IMPARTIAL
INJUSTICE TO ALL ANTLERED OFFENDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1902.
Native Sons Will Supply Noise
This Kvening. .
SCENE AT THE ELKS' FAIR AND THE FOLLOWING STALWARTS WHO
CONSTITUTE THE ELKVILLE CONSTABULARY: S. C. HODGKINS AS
HIGH CONSTABLE, G. R. LUKENS AS CAPTAIN, H. C. CAPWELL AS
INSPECTOR, A. P. LEACH AS DETECTIVE, E. R. STEARNS AS COR
PORAL, A. H. BREED AS SERGEANT, A. C. HODGES AS MATRON,
AND THE FOLLOWING PRIVATES— DR. C. E. CURDTS, CARL BERCH,
MORT SMITH, EUGENE VAN COURT, W. J. HENNESSEY, CHARLES
F. OTT, W. H. J. MATTHEWS, H. B. JEFFEREY, W. J. KEATING AND
R v H. MOORE.
WASHINGTON, June 17.— The following
Calllornians have arrived at the hotels:
National-A. F. Spohn, A. J. Stangenber
gpr, San Francisco; St. James— Mrs. E. A.
Ccokson. Miss A. B. Cookson, San Fran
cisco; Raleigh— R. P. Hughes, San Fran
cisco; Wlllard— Miss Palache, Mrs. L.
Copeiand. H. H. Sinclair. A. B. Miner.
Loa Angeles; \V. H. Avery, M. H. Levy;
and wife, San Francisco. .
CAIiIFORNIANS IN WASmNGTOIT
O. A. Hale of San Jose is at the Cali
fornia.
A. W. Buchanan of Los Angeles is at
the Palace. . .
A. G. Metz. a Salinas business man, Is
at the Grand. • ¦ '
The Rev. Father Guerin of Sonora is at
the California.
Dr. C. A. Ruggle3 of Stockton is regis
tered at the Grand.
The Rev. Father P. J. O"RelUy of Saa
Miguel Is at the Lick. . .
E. R. Glfford. a dry goods merchant or
Auburn, is at the California.
L. A. Blaslngame, a well known horse
man of Fresno, Is at the Grand.
A W. Simpson, a lumber dealer, is reg
istered at the Occidental from Stockton.
W E. "Woolsey, an extensive fruit
grower of Santa Rosa, la at the Occi
dental.
R. Bancroft, an extensive land owner,
¦who resides on a ranch near Merced, is
at the Lick.
H Morgan Hill, the well known club
man, has returned from Paris and is at
the California.
Frank S. Johnson of the Johnson-Locka
Mercantile Company is at the Palace, ac
companied by his wife.
J F Coope, a well known wine mer
chant of Santa Cruz, formerly of the firm
of Coope & Pippy in this city, is at the
California. • -
Frank R. Devlin, a well known young
attorney of Vallejo. and his bride re
turned yesterday from Southern Califor
nia, where they had been spending their
honeymoon.
George Sawln, a retired Boston mer
chant, who has been spending several
months at Pasadena for his health, ar
rived at the Occidental yesterday. He 1»
en route to his home in the East.
PERSONAL.
OAKLAND, June 18.— A saloon-keeper
was held up in the vicinity of Third and}
Jefferson streets at midnight, the foot
pad relieving his victim of JS. He then
ran off and the saloon man notified the
police of the occurrence. Detectives were*
at once put on the case, and at a lata
hour were making diligent search for tha
thief.
Victim of a Footpad.
FAMILY MERGER
SOLVES PROBLEM
OAKLAND, June 13.— W. F. Rudolph, a.
well-known promoter of 960 Eighteenth
street, visited the Elks' Fair with his
wife last night, having first locked his
house doors. On Rudolph's returning to
his residence at midnight he was sur
prised to see a light in one of the upper
rooms. Concluding that some one had
effected an entrance, he went into nia
kitchen, and arming himself with a.
butcher knife, started to go upstairs. A
man disguised in a mask met him, and.
drawing a revolver, took a shot at Ru
dolph, but missing him, struck him a vio
lent blow with the weapon, knocking him
down the stairs.
The burglar then made good his escape
and Rudolph, as soon as he recovered
from the blow and the fall, gave the
alarm to the police.
A search was at once set on foot, put
up to an early hour this morning no ar-»
rest had been made.
BURGLAR VISITS HOUSE
WHII.E OWNER IS AT FAIR
SEATTLE, June 17.— The servant girl
problem has at last been solved by some
of the citizens ot Ballard, a suburban
town, who have formed a co-operative
club, numbering eight families. Officers
have been elected and a commodious
building engaged, which will serve as
kitchen and dining-rooms. Competent
help will be hired, and, although all will
bear the expenses of the undertaking,
each family will have its own table in tho
dining-room and enjoy as much as possi
ble the privacy and comforts of a home.
Although this departure in the merger
business is only an experiment it bids fair
to become a success. One of the rules of
the club will be that no "knocker" will bo
tolerated. All complaints must bo made
to the president. It is expected that tho
scheme will be In running order by an
other week. '
Households Consolidate and
Form a Co- Operative
Olub.
Ballard Polk Remedy
the Servant Girl
Question.
i PHOENIX. Ariz., June 17.-^Dr. A. J. Chan
dler of Mesa City has xone to Eurone to in
terest capital In the proposed construction of
an lmmenM 'water .power electric Dlant on
Kn&b Wash, sixty miles from Williams.
OAKLAND, June 17.— During the ab
sence of the family at the Elks' Fair last
night, burglars entered the residence of
F. W. Wheeler, 2107 Filbert street, and
ransacked the house, but stole only a pair
o: opera glasses.
Burglars at Work.
At 11 o'clock last night the mangled
body of an old man was found on the rail
road track at Sixth arid Townsend streets.
Two prayer books . were found near tho
remains. It is conjectured that the de
ceased was run over by the overland,-al
though the train crew knew nothing of
the death. Engineer Hurd of the train
could not be found and has made no re
port. ¦:>•>.-+
Mangled Body Found on Track.
NAPA. June 17.— The Grand Grove of
Druids began its session to-day. Noble
Grand Arch Julius Godeau presiding. All
of the grand officers are in attendance.
The committee on credentials and Past
Supreme Arch L. S. Schord conferred the
past arch degree upon seventy-seven no
vitiates. , .
At the afternoon session the time was
devoted to the reports of the noble grand
arch and the grand officers. They showed
2173 additions to the membership during
the past year. Novato Grove reports. a
300 per cent gain. Eleven new groves have
been instituted during the term.
Several amendments were presented to
be voted upon, changing the. basis of rep
resentation in the Grand Grove. The noble
grand arch recommended that the Cali
fornia Druid be adopted as the official or
gan. ' • . ' ¦
The case of Olympia Grove No. 119 was
brought up, but the Grand Grove decided
to take it up on Wednesday afternoon,
and meanwhile the Grand Grove will not
let the delegates from that grove take
their seats. .
To-night a reception was tendered the
visiting delegates by the Napa Druids.
GAIN IN MEMBERSHIP
OF THE DRUID GROVES
A number of letters of regret were read
by the grand secretary. One from the be
loved past president, Mrs.: Margaret
Deane of San Francisco, was written
while she was very ill. It was a tender
message to her fellow workers. Through
hi? secretary Archbishop Riordan ex
pressed his good will and special blessing.
±JJshop Montgomery of Los Angeles sent
nis blessing and well wishes.
Credentials — Mrs. N. Halton, Alameda; Mrs.
i. Doollnff. HolllBter; Mrs. J. Keegan, Santa
Kosa; Miss M. Cpnltn, San Francisco. ,
Grand reports — Miss- M. Fitzgerald. Oilroy;
Miss E. McLaren, : Oakland; Mrs. M. Robinson,
Alameda; Mrs. Touey, Santa Rosa; Mrs. I.
Dooling, pollister. ,
p re68 — Mrs. H. J. Gallagher, San Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ, June 17.— The Grand
Council of the Catholic Ladies' Aid Soci
ety was formally opened this afternoon
at Santa Maria del Mar by Rev. Father
McNamee, pastor' of the Church of the
Holy Cross of Santa Cruz. He welcomed
the delegates and wished them success in
their efforts, in the cause of charity.
Father McNaihee introduced Rev. Father
Hudson of Gllroy, who gave a stirring
address on "Charity" and spoke of the
grand work being done by this society.
The grand president then appointed the
folio wing committees:
Welcome to Delegates of the
Aid Society.
Rev. Father McNamee Extends the
CATHOLIC LADIES OPEN
THEIR GRAND COUNCIL
Pretty Booths Where Dainty Viands
Are Dispensed to Visitors.
OAKLAND, June 17.— The sudden rise in
the thermometer to-day created a large
and insatiable thirst among the visiting
crowds at the fair and the several refresh
ment booths did a rushing business in
icecream and lemonade.
At the Squirrel Inn. hot biscuits and
coffee were shelved for the time being
and the ladles devoted their energies to
the preparation of cooler refreshments.
Mrs. A. A. Sangster presided as hostess
to-day and was assisted by Mrs. D. T.
Fowler. Miss Jennie Wheaton, Mrs.
Charles Emery and Miss Lucille Haber.
To-morrow Mrs. F. A. Ring will be in
charge
The doughnuts at the Fabiola booth are
still in demand.
The emergency hospital, next door,
which is also conducted under the aus
pices of the Fabiola Association, is one
of the prettiest places on the ground.
Everything is so clean and dainty that it
is almost a temptation to get hurt. Two
trained nurses and a doctor are always
in attendance and the number of cases
that have been treated there have al
ready proved the necessity of a hospital.
IVUDYABD IS WROTH.
AT ROTTINDEAN FOLK
LONDON, June 17.— The action of Rud
yard Kipling on June 2 in dispersing a
mob which threatened the house at Rot
tindean, Sussex, of his aunt, Lady
Burne-Jbnes, a pro-Boer and widow of
the late Sir Edward Burne-Jones, the
painter, because of her having dis
played a black banner inscribed, "You
have killed, you have conquered," has
caused a local sensation 'that shows no
signs of abating.- ¦ x _ wl
When Kipling, who also lives at Rottln
dean, went to the rescue of his aunt and
in so doing shouldered his way through
the crowd, he delivered a thoroughly Kip
lingesque oration of the kind the people
of Rottlndean were not accustomed to
hear from one who had established the
local rifle brigade and had stirred up local
imperialism to the boiling Doint. To show
hi? further disapproval of the attack on
his aunt's house Kipling has now shut
up the drill hall which he had given to
the publlo. This ¦ action has created in
tense feeling. Kipling. refuses to express
an opinion regarding the black banner,
but he emphatically announces his dis
approval of Rottindean's manner of ex
pressing its disapproval of it.
Licensed to Marry.
OAKLAND, June 17.— Licenses to marry
were issued tenday to Henry C. Elfen,
aged 24, arid Alice L. Sohst, 22, both of
Oakland; .August L Dahlke, 25, and
Bertha A. Kley, 19. both of Oakland; John
H. Switzer. over 21, and Catherine Croder,
over 18, San- Francisco: William E.
Adams, • 21, and Frances J. Reynolds, 20,
both of Berkeley. '
At the Fabiola booth proper, Mrs. W.
W. Standeford will be in charge to-mor
roW. Mrs. R. W. Gorrill presided to-day
and was assisted by Mrs. Oscar. Gowlng,
Mrs. Charles Leonard Smith, Mrs. Le
gault. Dr. Susan Fenton, Dr. Stone,
Miss Caig,. Miss Kate Chabot and Miss
May Coogan.
The sale of mysterious packages at the
Emeryville Free Kindergarten booth has
surpassed the expectations of the ladles in
charge. The "ghosts" to-day were Mrs.
Charles Rowe. Mrs. "\Valter Homer and
Miss Edith Brownsill.
The | garden restaurant of the Toung
Women's Christian Association was well
filled all day, the many pretty girls in at
tendance being not the least of the attrac
tions. Mrs. Albert Rowe's assistants to
day were Mrs. Edmund Hathawav. Mrs.
George Hildebrand, Mrs. L. Herrick. Mrs.
E. H. Bryan; Mrs. Thresher, Mrs. Cordes,
Miss Florence Fogg, Miss Frances San
born, Miss Florence Pardee, Miss Alice
Hathaway and Miss Edna Ritter. To
morrow will be California day, under the
auspices of Mrs. Irving C. Lewis. Frljoles,
Spanish stew and enchiladas will be char
acteristic dishes served.'
The Puritan ladies at the Colonial Kitch
en, in their pretty gray gowns and quaint
caps, attract large crowds every day and
they are continually as busy as bees. Mrs.
G. W. Pierce was chairman to-day, her
assistants being Mrs. Thomas. Mrs. Smi
lie. Mrs. J. C. Richards, Mrs. George Car
roll, Mrs. Atwater, Miss Margaret Hann
ton. Miss Marian Horton
SONOMA YOUNG COUPLE
SURPRISE RELATIVES
Granddaughter of General Vallejo a
Principal in a Romantic
Marriage.
SANTA ROSA. June 17.— Anita Vallejo
Emparen, a pretty little maiden of 19
summers, granddaughter of the late Gen
eral Mariana Guadalupe Vallejo, was
wedded in this city to-day to Dr. Allen
Milo Thompson. The couple had been en
gaged only a short time and none else
knew of it but the mother of the bride
to-be, Mrs. Lulu Emparen. The wedding
was. set for a distant date, but with the
impetuosity of young lovers they decided
to hasten the event. Arriving this fore
nobn from Sonoma,- the birthplace and
iift-long home of the bride, they present
ed themselves to Deputy County Cle^k
William Mobley and obtained a license.
Dr. Thompson then sought Justice of the
Peace John Brown and conducted him to
the parlors of the Occidental Hotel, where
the marriage vows were pronounced.
It was a sort of a runaway wedding and
in the afternoon the couple returned for
the parental blessing. They expect to
have a repetition of the ceremony to-mor
row by Father Leahy, the priest In charge
of the pretty little church of St. Francis
at Sonoma.
Mrs. Thompson is one of the handsom
est young women of all Sonoma County
Bht: possesses the beauty and the grace
of her Castilllan ancestors. Dr. Thomp
son is a practicing physician of. Sonoma.
REDDING, - June 17. — Frank Cravens, a
young ¦¦ man employed as a braketnan ¦ on the
lumber railroad at Round Mountain, waa kill
ed this morning while coupling cars.
The exhibits of the Elks themselves
show great ingenuity and humor. The
Elks police court, which was started last
night for the first time and will be con
tinued through the week, is full of fun.
Burlesque policemen are sent out through
the ground to arrest any Elks and certain
of the well-known men about town. These
arrested ones are taken before an Elks
police judge and fined for anything or
nothing, generally the latter. Last night
"Jedge" G. Wash. Reed sat, while to
night J. Rastus McElroy presided and
dealt out injustice to all. The Elkville po-
depend almost exclusively upon volunteer
assistance for their officials and were not
prepared to handle such crowds as have
patronized the /carnival. Chief of Police
Hodgkins has 'been on the grounds every
evening, while the actual handling of the
patrolmen has been in the control of
Night Police Captain Walter J. Petersen.
Clay Hawbaker says he is going to clear
enough money from the big Elks and
soda water to buy the "Elks' family" for
the new lodgreroom.
The Elks' Country Store has afforded as
much amusement as any feature on the
grounds. Some of the articles that are se
cured through the blind prize ticket sys
tem of purchase are extremely startling.
The Native Sons will run riot to-morrow
night and on Thursday night the Wood-
ELKS COURT INJUSTICE.
8. C. Hodgkins as high constable, G. R. Lu
koris as captain. H. C. Cdpwell as inspector,
A. P. Loach as detective, E.i It. Stearns as
corporal A H. Breed as sergeant, A. " C.
Hodges as matron, and Dr. C. E. Curdts. Carl
Berch. Mortimer Smith, Eugene Van Court, W.
J Hennessey, Charles F. Ott. W. H. J. Mat
thews H. B JefTerey. W, J. Keating and R.
H. Moore privates.
lice" consist of the following:
Third Day of Carnival Shows
Enormous Attendance.
LADIES SERVE CROWDS.
men ' will have a parade through the
streets and a competitive drill at the
grounds.
The San Francisco Turn Verein is mak
ing great preparations for participating
in the gymnastic and field contests com
ing off at the district tournament to be
held at San Jose, commencing Saturday,
June 21, and ending June 24. There will
be delegations from all the vereins on the
coart from Portland to San Diego, and
the contest for the first honors will be
exciting and interesting. The classes of
the local verein have been in active train
ingr under Professor H. Goetz for more
than two months.
The contests include apparatus work,
field sports, recitations, singing and
sharpshootlng. Two trains have been
chartered by the verein to carry its mem
bers and friends to the scene of the con
tests. One will leave Saturday evening
at 6:30 o'clock and the other on Sunday
ir.ornir.g at 8:30 o'clock. A rousing recep
tion awaits the participants at San Jose.
The affair is in charge of the following
committee: F. Otter, H. Roehr and H.
Hemtning of San Jose; J. Simmen, H.
Goetz, William Plagemann, C. Trost, F.
Zecher and William Bamgarten of San
Francisco: A- Curlin of Oakland, and J.
Simon of Stockton.
Compete in the Athletic Con
tests at San Jose.
I,ocal Society Will Send Classes to
TURN VEREIN PREPARES
FOR A BIG TOURNAMENT
The crowds are uniformly good-natured.
The police have had little trouble in con
trolling them and the arrangements have
been very good considering that the Elks
GOOD-NATURED CROWDS.
Not a small number have been drawn
from San Francisco, while the neighbor
ing towns have contributed liberally to
ward the numbers who have Invaded Oak
land. This is regarded with favor by peo
ple who are interested in the material ad
vancement of Oakland, for it indicates an
awakening on the part of thJs city and an
ability to attract from the outside.
OAKLAND, June 17.— This was a
quiet, though none the less suc
cessful day at the Elks' Car
nival. There was no set pro
gramme except the music that
is furnished every afternoon and evening,,
and those who attended had time to wan
der about and visit the concessions, some
thing that the abnormal crowds of Satur
day and Monday made almost impossible.
The success of the carnival is assured and
has gone beyond even the wildest expec
tations of the Oakland Elks. The radical
members of the Elks thought that 50.000
people might visit the fair during the
seven days, while the conservative mem
bers thought that the number might be
as low as 25,000. The paid admissions on
Saturday numbered 16,000, while yesterday
they reached the enormous number of
21,874. Thus in two days the extreme
number of estimated admissigns for the
entire season has been almost reached.
It is now believed that the total number
of paid admissions during the week will
exceed 100,000.
Trials Furnish
Much Fun.
Appoints White Guardian.
Secretary M. J. White of the California
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Children was granted letters of guardian
ship over Alice, Gertrude and William
Murray and Mabel Simmons yesterday.
The mother of the children was sent to
the County Jail for three months recently
for neglecting her little ones. They have
been at the Children's Hospital since her
arrest.
J. P. Mullen, second assistant engineer
of the steamer Pomona, was taken before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday morning for Identification
on a charge of having forged a postal
money t>rd<?r payable to John J. Searey.
Thursday. June 19, was set as the date lor
the hearing and bail was fixed in the sum
of $2000.
Hullen Up for Forg-ery.
Douglas S. Cone of Red Bluff was in
Ean Francisco yesterday. He announced
definitely that he was not a candidate for
nomination to the office of Railroad Com
missioner.
Bank Commissioner Bernard Murphy,
the leading light of the Monticello Club,
appears to be gaining favor in the Demo
cratic camp. In their own councils the
Democrats contend that Murphy could
easily defeat Gage. Dick Beamer is
spoken of as a chief among vote-getting
statesman of the Democratic party. When
the question of winning out against Pres
ton, Schmitz. Pardee, Flint or Edson is
presented, the Democrats make no pre
dictions of success. It is not at all like
ly that the Republican State Convention
will go to the leaders of the Democratic
party for advice in the make-up of the
ticket. The Republican voters desire the
nomination of a man whose leadership
will unite their own party and strengthen
their imn tiekctf-i. •"
The story that ex-Governor Budd is
Elated for Democratic leadership in the
gubernatorial campaign cannot be 6up
pressed by the repeated assertions of
Budd that under no circumstances will he
accept the nomination.
THE DEMOCRATIC CAMP.
The various candidates for legislative
honors are wisely beeping out of the
gubernatorial contest Before the San
Jose convention there was an inclination
on the part of push-sympathizing aspir
ants to get next to the Gage machine,
but since the crushing defeat of the boss
forces at a. point where Gage had put
forth his utmost endeavor to win, the
legislative aspirants have been steering
away from his Gageship. . The desire for
Gage's nomination comes mainly from the
Democratic camp. The Governor is now
actively bidding for the support of Demo
crats and points to the fact that he has
retained in office and reaupointed many
representatives of the Democratic party.
In the Twenty-second Senatorial Dis
trict, comprising the Thirty-ninth and
Fortieth Assembly districts, San Fran
cisco, there is promise of a hot fight for
the Republican nomination. The contest
ants in the Held are Hamilton Bauer, Big
Bettman, Daniel Ryan, E. B. Read. Ed
Beeler and Jacob Samuels.
Republican candidates for the Legisla
ture are coming to the front. In Sonoma
County Victor Piezza. of Santa. Rosa is
spoken of for the Assembly to represent
the Fourteenth District. In the Thir
teenth or Petaluma district there is talk
of giving the Republican nomination to F.
A. Cromwell. Sonoma County elects a
State Senator this year to succeed J. C.
Pirns. The Republicans expect to win
Judge R. F. Crawford of Santa Rosa is
mentioned as among the leading aspir
ants.
LEGISLATIVE ASPIRANTS.
The name of Gage was not mentioned in
the Republican Convention, of Tulare
County, held at Visalia. Resolutions were
adopted indorsing Thomas Flint for Gov
ernor and S. C. Smith for Congress.
Two weeks ago the machine politicians
were figuring that Gage would have 150
delegates in the State convention and
with such transferable strength would bo
able to dictate nominations. Reports
from the interior indicate that 150 is an
overestimate of the machine following.
One hundred will be nearer the mark and
Gage will fall below that number if he
fails to win out in Los Angeles. The
original purpose of the push to make an
open fight tor Gage delegates in San
Francisco has been abandoned. No doubt
efforts will be made to secretly run in a
lew delegates favorable to his renomina
tion. but the voters will be on their guard
to checkmate this game.
Candidates for Legislative
Honors Are Coming to
the Front
Republicans of San Joa
quin Valley Repudi
ate Gage.
TULARE COUNTY
AGAINST BOSSES
C
9
POSTUM CEREAL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" De ae Mbs. Ptvttttam : —I can thank
you for perfect health to-day. Life
looked so dark to me a year or two
ago. I. had constant pains, my limbs
swelled, I had dizzy spells, and never
President South End ladles 9
Golf Club, Chicago, Cured by
Lydia E. Pinkham'sTegetaWe
Compound After the Best Doc-
tors Had Failed To Help Her*
HISS LAURA HOWARD,
MISS LAURA HOWARD, CHICAGO.
knew one day how I would feel tha
next. I was nervous and had no ap-
petite, neither could I sleep soundly
nights. Liydia E. Pinkham'8 Veg-
etable Compound, used in con-
junction with your Sanative Wash, did
more for me than all the medicines
and the skill of the doctors. For eight
months I have enjoyed perfect health.
I verily believe that most of the doc-
tors are guessing and experimenting
when they try to cure a woman with
an assortment of complications, such as
mine ; but you do not guess. How J.
wish all suffering 1 women could only
know of your remedy ; there wiuld bo
less suffering I know." — Laura. How-
ard, 113 Nswberry Ave., Chicago, 111.
—$5000 forftit if tbooe testimonial la not genuine.
Mrs. Pinkham Invites all -wo-
men who are HI to write her for.
ndvice.t- Address Lynn, Mms*
giving full particulars. , : ."
"I could tell a lot more, but epace will
rot permit. You are at liberty to print
this letter and my name also for the ben-
efit of others." Mrs. A. T. Brown. Cen-
tral Station, W. Va.
"You may be sure I will recommend it
r<nd will guarantee a cure where the per-
pon will boil it long enough and drink
enough of it. I would do without a meal
for the sake of one cup of Postum.
"People say. 'You are looking so well;
what kind of medicine are you taking?'
1 tell them I have quit all kinds of medi-
cine and also coffee and am only using
Postum Coffee.
"Well, I have been using it since the
15th of July now, quite two months. I
have gained about 25 pounds. I gained
six pounds in 13 weeks, and can eat any-
thing I want and all that I want. My
ptomach never hurts me. I have gained
fctrength until now I can do ray own work
sr.d go to church every Sunday.
"The first making tasted so flat that it
mafle me half sick, but I determined to
gi%-e it a fair trial, so I read the directions
carefully and found that it must be boiled
et least fifteen minutes. Well, I boiled
it 25 minutes, then added some good
cream, and I tell you It was delicious. I
like it better than the ordinary coffee,
end, of course, stick to it.
"One day father told me he had been
reading how Postum Food Coffee helped
eo many people who were sick from cof-
fee drinking and he urged me to leave
off coffee and try Postum. I said, 'Oh,
father, I cannot try it and do not believe
it would do me any good,' but he per-
Fusded me to try a package.
"I finally gave up all hope of getting
veil. My stomach was in such condition
that everything but stale bread would
throw me into spasms. I nearly starved
n:yself, but never suspected that coffee
¦was the cause of all the trouble, nor did
I have any idea what the cause was.
A Virginia lady had en interesting ex-
periment with coffee poison. She says:
'For about five years I was troubled with
indigestion, weak stomach and palpita-
tion of the heart so bad that at times I
would fall and have to be carried into the
house. Finally I began to have spasms
and suffered untold misery. I tried all
kinds of patent medicines and different
doctors, only to get temporary relief.
There is no doubt that coffee secretly
end quietly causes an immense amount
cf misery to the human race, but in the
n-ajority cf cases the person does not
suspect the cause of the trouble.
Some Persons.
SECRETLY AND QUIETLY.
Coffee Slowly and Steadily PoisonsTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1902.
10
CARPET BE ATING AND pLE ANIBi 'G.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carp#t-ieat-
lr.g Works. 353-357 Tehama si."; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. A. G. Klelpert, 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co — Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
ing. 1213 Market, bet.Sth&9th ;teL Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
TRY Hopke Bros.' excellent carpet-cleaning.
411-413 Powell st, phone Bush 421.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.;»tel. Mission 74.
~ ~ ~~ DENTISTS.
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
. fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. ;
painless extraction, 50c; open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres.. 909 Mission St., SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, r. 7; Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office. hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER. D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st.. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON, D.D.E., proprietor and manager. -
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny,' cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School^
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
Fashionable dressmaker — Miss ' L. V. Clarke,
1123 Powell; orders promptly attended to.
. EDUCATIONAL.
MaT^S S^H^L^ol^ELECTRIC^L^EIfGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
' practical; day and night. 24 Post st., S. F. ;
catalogue free. . ¦.'--;¦
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers.
how do they all get positions and hold them?
34 positions in March, 32 in April; Ellis book-
keeping makes real bookkeepers. S. P. Busl-
- ness College. 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES. 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete* equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering: day and night; catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE
conducted by experts; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; in-
dorsed by official. court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Markot
st.. for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mlning.mech., sur-
vey,, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet School:
s associated with theatrical agency securln ;
"^•positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH lessons and translations at AYRES'
BUSINESS COLLEGE, 723 Market st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr.lOth:
Pittman shorthand, typing,, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West.desires pupils. Mme.
Carusi, Hallet School Acting. 120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission.. nr.Cth
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI good
teacher, 1008 Mission; Instruments selected
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.,
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue ' free.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. :
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office, 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st. ; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese h'elo: estab. 20 years
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. C40 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
! A— GREEN Swedish girl wishes place to assist
$15. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
YOUNG lady would like position as stenog-
rapher and assistant bookkeeper; two year.,'
experience; best of references. Box 1107.
Call office.
YOUNG English lady wishes position in pho-
tography; 2 years' experience In retouching;
small salary to start. 1333 Union st;
YOUNG woman wants to do laundry work by
the day; good laundress, or will do sweeping
or window cleaning. Box 1069. Call office.
DRESSMAKER would like few more engage-
ments; will go out or mak« over dresse3 at
home. 232 Hyd-j st.. room 8.
GERMAN girl wishes situation, plain cooking
and light housework in small family; $30.
412 Sixth.
WOMAN would like half-day's work by the
week or half day. Address Box W, Call
Branch Office, 106 11th.
YOUNG girl would like a position as nurse-
girl in a well-to-do family; wages $15; city
or country. Box 1110, Call office.
STEADY woman, -good cook, wishes a situa-
tion as a cook; good references. Apply 162
South Park.
WANTED — By a colored woman, cooking in
private family; references." 1232 Pacific st.
COMPETENT laundress would like washing to
take home. Address MRS. M., box 1109, Call.
YOUNG woman wants housework and cooking;
by the day. $1 25. Call 36 Ivy ave. .
EXPERIENCED nurse will care for convales-
cent; city or country; contagious cases taken;
prices reasonable. % Box 1102, Call office.
A GIRL 16 years old wants to do light house-
work. Call at 22V4 Telegraph place; top floor.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $0 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry. .
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 630 McAllister st. .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C93
Valencia st. ;N V; •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — MALE~
YOUNG German with good experience wishes
situation as fireman or second engineer. Box
1070. Call office. ¦
BOY, 12 years old, wishes work in store as cash
boy; mother wishes to do work by the day.
Box 1111. Call.
WANTED — By an elderly man,' sober, steady
and reliable, position as night watchman,
Janitor or care taker. Address G. V. W.,
box 1101, Call office.
MAN. and wife want place, city or country;
man gardener and outside work, woman to
do general housework. M. S., 473 Seventh
St., Oakland. r •
STEADY man wishes place as coacHman and
gardener: city or country; can milk; good ref-
erence. Box 1092, Call. . ¦ -*-
BARBER in wholesale district wants work
Sunday morning. . Box 1097, Call. |
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at - 1090
Valencia st.
FINANCIAL. ~~~
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond Issues guaranteed, underwritten and
sold; stock accepted for services. Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post.
FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT 8-room flat; Bunny; bonton loca-
tion; . 2957 Jackson St. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st.
EXCEPTIONAL offer; 1 month free for a
downtown, modern flat; see 11C2 Ellis st.'
SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
AN elegant upper flat, 6 sunny rooms and
basement; Just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford sts. ; half block from Market
st. ; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
THREE modern sunny flats, 6 rooms and bath;
Alabama st., near Twenty-fourth; reasonable
Inquire 2951 Twenty-fourth at., cor. Alabama.
*¦ "* ¦ ¦ ¦ • . ¦-
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
A — Old-established good-paying saloon and
lodging-house of. .14 well-furnished rooms;
never empty; good/ bar trade; good locality.
A — Butcher shop, nicely fitted up. In good
neighborhood; nice, clean; irood cash trade.
A — Coffee and lunch parlor In wholesale
district; no night or Sunday work; paying
preposition.
A— Nice little well-paying grocery and dot;
good corner on street car line; living-rooms.
A — Restaurant near Mission and 16th ets.;
owner ha6 to go East; worth to look at.
A — French restaurant near Market »t. :
this is a very good paying place and well
worth investisatlon; a fine openlnc.
A— Oyster and chop house tn good local-
ity; rent $15; price $200; a barraln.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market et.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A^CALL. WE CAN SUIt"yOU.
10 rooms; partly furnished; snap $225
20 rooms: clears $95; only 800
12 rocms; corner; clears $50 :..... 325
45 rooms; clears $200 2200
20 rooms; clears $60 200
18 rooms; just listed 650
30 rooms; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... 1300
100 rooms; clears $600 9500
RETSLOFF, McMILLEN _ CO.. tel. John 631.
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rooms 7-8).
MITCHELL. & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market at.
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. . .$850
SO rocms; sunny; gc-od renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown: good 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
A- CAMERON _ CO..
850 Market st. ami 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you: have bargains In hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices; no trouble to show
houses: carriage at door. Money loaned, 1%
per cent.
MARION GRIFFIN,
719 Market st.. upstairs, near. Call building.
A — bie- — free — list — at — my — office.
Tel. "Green 4-5-8." Good titles; easy terms.
100 ROOMS; country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms: rent very low; bargain BOO
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses. fiats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market St.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.). . .Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
- Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
TO buy a lodi?lng-b~*se. boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st./bet. 5th and 6th.
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
WINSTON _ WOLF.
Phone Jessie 2211. 1026 Market st.
21 rooms; rent $50; part cash $1250
45 rooms; rent $100; new furulture.. .. 2503
2S rooms: must sell: make offer; cheap rent.
."£) rooms; rent $S2: a money-maker.. 1850
US rms. ; modern; elev. ; cor.; reduced. 6500
Lodging-house: 19 rooms; transient; Brussels
carpets, oak and cherry furniture; $550 se-
cures it. Morrison & Co.. 26 Montgomery, r. 4.
MORTGAGED lodging-house: transient: $150;
secure it: entire furniture goes. MORRISON
& CO.. 26 Montgomery St., room 4.
BUT your houses direct from a furniture dealer
on easy payments.
1C rooms; clears $40 '. $500
11 rocms: clears $30 .....$350
8 rooms:: clears S30 $300
And ether bargains. 842 Howard et.
A— $600; LODGING -HOUSE*! 20 rooms. 30
beds; rent $20; best location on water front.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26 & Kearny st.
CORNER house: 12 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251 V4 Mis-
sion st., cor. Ninth.
$100 WILL put you in a I6-room house; newly
furnished: will clear $50 over expenses. In-
quire at 842 Howard st.
FOR SALE — 12-room transient house; paying::
cheap rent. 219A Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 paces. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
_________ _
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis St.. near Franklin,
materializing seance; Sun., Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; psychic seance Mon. and Wed.
nights. 25c; readings daily: phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, clairvoyant, bus. me-
dium, life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farre'l st.. nr. Gough; Ellis car.
MRS. SHEEHAN. trance, test medium ;reading£
5Cc. SI. 316 Third St.. cir. Tues., Frl.; 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis; readings daily;
phone Poik 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
PROF. PAUL DESTINE.
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted daily on all
affairs of life. His information and advice
on marriages, divorce, separations, love and
family affairs, business transactions, mining,
lawsuits, etc.. are accurate and truthful; he
reunites the separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels, causes speedy marriages, makes you
successful in business, gives you good luck,
locates hidden treasures and mines, settles
old estates nnd accounts that time has placed
bej-ond the lawyers' shrewdness.; long stand-
ing and chronic disease that has baffled th°
physician's skill cured without medicine;
there is no home so sad and dreary, no
heart so forsaken and lonely, no life bo
hard and blighted that cannot be set right
and kept right, after a visit to this Inspired
man of modern times; no matter what trouble
you may have, call and he will help you.
"Palmistry Taught. Mediumlstlc Persons De-
veloped." Come and learn a profession that
will earn you from $10 to $25 per day. Fee
within reach of all; 10 a. m. to 8 p. in.
320 O'FARRELL STREET 326
___________ _
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St.. next- Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" "
PROFESSOR MARCO
Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages:
Advice given on any subject:
Mediums developed (guarantee);
Palmistry taught:
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE CLAIMS.
Olfice. 412 Post 8t. — 112.
Dally. 10 to 12. 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sundayb. 2 to 5 p. m.
! | ! THEO IS COMING ! ! •
A — ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1104 Market St..
cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to
5 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
'in person: 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
A— 25c; SPECIAL $2 leading one week for 25c;
clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
all affairs; reunite?' the separated: makes
• happy and speedy marriages In 9 days. 10 to 8
daily. 1010 Mission st.. near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant _ card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. Fit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
TOUR fortune told from cradle to grave. What
I tell comes true; fend dime & birth date.
PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
MME. JACQUES, 1035 Market St., suite I —
Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; readings
dally this week, 25c and up; hours 10 to 0.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
' medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
st., cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26.
MISS M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st., clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your ljfe correctly without
questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to R p.m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth 'st.
MME. ODELL, clairvoyant: cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 25c; G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
Mrs. Reynolds, the noted life reader, gives full
life readings for SI. 1008^ Market, op. 6th.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychisl;
hours 11 to 3; readings by malL 125 Turk st.
MRS. HOUSER. wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; full life readings SOc. 221 Fifth st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; genta 50c; readings dally. 182 Sixth St.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~~~
ADVICE free— Columbian Law and~Collection
Agcy.. r. 85, 916 Market St.; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge
¦ unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
$12 50 — 4 ROOMS; nearly new. Douglass and
Twenty- first sts.; Castro cars.
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third etreeta; open
vntil 12 o'clock every eight In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES — S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 6:30 p. m.
COO Hayes street ; open until 9:30 p. m.
*S9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
ZM> Lark in street: oDcn until 0:30 p. m.
mi Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
trt:i P p. m.
106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia, street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner TweBty-second and Ken-
tccky streets; open until 3 p. m.
£200 FUlroore street: open until 9 p. in.
MEETING XOTICES.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge No. 44, F. and m
A. M. — Called meeting THIS ~1\_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at S /Lj\
o'clock." .-First degree. * ~ *
THEO. FROLICH, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. »
M.— D. 3d THIS June 18 at 7:30 ~/\_
p. m. By order of the W. M. 7\J\
H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary. / l
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. m
M.— Second degree THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING. June 18. at 7:30 J&jC
o'clock. H. J. OWEN'. Secretary, /^r »
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. m
—Called meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING at 7 .CO o'clock. Sec- Ttlf
otd degree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec. / i
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. -^ifA**^
O. F.— Initiation THURSDAY S^JSSbKgi
EVENING Jur;o l!->. ~^Zf?!?%g$?
WM. P. HUMPHREYS. N. G. "^W*W>
\V. W. CROSS, Recording Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 222. L <stfiai£&.
O. O. F. — ?r>r-cic-I merlins on 5vy™5aSS£&
WEDNESDAY EVENING for -^gSC*^?
the purpose of visiting Oriental ¦ y v/lw*>
Rebekah Lodge. Refreshments.
C. L. ZIEGLER, N. G.
H. W. OSTHOFF. Rec. Sec.
MORSE LODGE, NO. 257. I. O. O. *&£S2gi>.
F. Initiation this (WEDNES- §gj*I?5g
DAY) evening, June ISth. and
other important business. All *W/*^
members are requested to be present. Visit-
ors cordially Invited.
J. M. C. RIDDLE, N. G.
C. BRIND. Rec. Sec
UNITY Lodge No. 61. Knights of ijr~"
Pythias, will confer the Knight -. W»
Raj;k (long form) or one Esquire on
THURSDAY EVENING. June 19, -ftsfc?
at Pythian Castle. 909 Market st. All
brother Knights are cordially Invited to at-
tend. J. A. FONTANEL, C. C.
S. W. GATES. K of R. and S.
NATIONAL UNION. Cali- +^*!&ae m T's>
forma Council, meets TO-
NIGHT at Pioneer Hall.
Fourth 6t., at 8 o'clock (In
Its new hall). Visiting friends cordially In-
vited. By order
A- H. KINGSFORD. President.
C. H. VAN ORDEN. Secretary.
S F. BRICKLAYERS' Association meets THIS
< WEDNESDAY) EVENING. B. B. Hall. 121
Eddy st.; election of officers.
CH AS. "WAGNER. Rec. Sec.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
30 pages. In wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
AGEXTS WASTED.;
WANTED — A few men and women of energy
end experience to travel on salary; all ex-
penses paid: teachers desirable; long or short
contract; give qualifications. Apply to H.
C. box KiOO. Call office.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream; I
easily digested; a dinner however plain is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar- I
kets. or P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter St.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. KING. atty.. Examiner building, room I
013; all cases: damages, estates,- wills, mort- j
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections, \
etc.; legal pn.]«?rs drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty: quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 10 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: phone Mint 865. SI9 Market et.
J. M. THURSTON; office open every even-
ing: private divorce a specialty, i
ADVICE free; no charge unles« successful; all ]
eases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson. 927 Market- I
JOHN R. AITKEN. attorney at law. Rooms |
."US-lo-U. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, Eent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for JL
II1CVCLES For Sale or Exchanxr.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call '
before buying; repairing, tires, bells. 301 I
Lark;n. :v& Market, 19CS to 1974 Page.
BOOKS XEW .VXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought: libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmee. 114a Market; teL Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
.
S550 — COAL and wood yard on Howard St.; es-
tablished 25 years: two wagons, horse, etc.; j
a good raying business. Call R. G. W1LKE. I
2tf?~ Ktarrty st.
A — 11000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
St.: 4 living-room*; rent $45; place estab-
lished years; in short, a good business. See
R. G. W1LKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — £1400; t-ALOON on Geary st. ; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
•well-patronized and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 2t>^ Kearny 8t.
A — CORNER grocery and bar in best part of
the city; owner will f-elt at invoice rjrice as
he roust leave for Honolulu: will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25: with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26 Vs Kearny.
A— Si:;00; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $15U
yter month; a cood investment. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26>i Kearny st.
A— $750: PARTNER wanted in manufacturing
business; article told in every grocery store;
big money in sight. Call R. G. WILKE.
20 >i Kearr.y st.
A— $250; OYSTER and chop house on Larkin
«..; rent Jl«; good location and good busi-
neis. Call R. G. V.ILKE, 2t>% Kearny tt.
A— *650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with o living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— S500: CORNER grocery and bar. with llv-
ing-rooms; rent $42; best lbcation on Leav-
<n worth et.; good paying. Call R. G.
. WILKE, 2C';; Kearny et.
jr/jo — DELICACY and dairy produce store; best
location; 6th st. ; clears $100 per month; liv-
ing rooms in rear; good value; make offer to-
day. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
$500— DELICACY and dairy produce store ; best
location: Cth st. ; clears $100 per month; liv-
ing room? in rear; good value; make offer to-
day. P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny st.
5(30— PARTNER; mfg. bus.; clears $300 mo.
$4^0— Re«t.; tables: 100 chairs; worth $700.
tlCOO — Chop house, coffee par.; East St.; brg
*2.">0— Partner; cashier In rest.; $75 month
?200— Branch bakery: 2 furnished rooms.
P. S. De Luca. 31S Keanry; phone Red 4S40.
SOME bargains at McBride & Co.'s, 7C3 Markt
S120— Home bakery with bake oven; boss sickl '
*140 — Restaurant; must be sold.
s "00 — Roadhouse near city; good trade
*::00— Saloon near water front; more bargains.
*4<*— GROCERY and liquor store; Invoica
jTlce; Market et.: rent $11; living room; re-
_^'Pt!= $i2 day. BROWN. 3221 Market at |
CIGAR Ptand in large hotel; rent $25- mice
gS-OU. MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montgy St.. r?4
J«0 MONTHLY; partner wanted with $15Cp
gepteel. proQtabie business; young man pre-
ferred. Address box 382, San Rafael Marin
County, Cal.
OLD-ESTAELISHED. well equipped barber
for sale on account of sickness of own-
'•r. Address immediately The W A Mac-
kinder Co % . Agents, St. Helena,
CHICKEN ranches, Fruitvale 8300, $500- bar-
gains. McBRIDE & CO., 7C3 Market st. '
GOVERNMENT land— Persons wUhing to
liomt-stead in Oregon consult Geo. B Whit-
comb, room S3, Winchester House, until
Thursday noon. Location fee reasonable.
FOR eale— Small grocery and bar on account of
toing East. L. SCHAEFER. 1M2 Folscm st
cor. Twelfth.
A— $750 — CANDY and Ice cream parlor. Room
.'Ifi'J. !)27 Market St., bet. 12 and 1 o'clock.
GENUINE bargain In paying candy business;
across the bay; no agents. Eox HOC. Call.
YOUNG n.an desires partner with small cap-
ital; lady or gentleman; lucrative business;
good returns. BIRON, 11 Stockton st.
HOME Realty Co.. 873 Market (formerly Geo '
Newtcn & Co.. 7K> Market) — Legitimate bus!-
aess; lodging-houees & restaurants specially.
LAUNDRY route for sale; new wagon and har-
cess; l.*00 ruttomcrs ; $400; owner going East.
Box :o:>6. Cail.
$2W) — SALOON; rooms, large yard; water front.
70 Jackson St.: must sell; bargain; rent $15.1
$.-•00 — RESTAURANT, worth $600: must sell at
* or.ce. Address box 1001. Call office.
ROLTE In tVestern Addition: building up dis-
trict; reaconaWe. Box 1732. Call.
FLATS TO LET-— Conttifned.
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath, Rlncon
H11L 161 Hawthorne st.. near Harrison.
MCALLISTER, 637 — Flat of 3 nice sunny rooms
and bath; rent reasonable; no children.
$18 — SUNNY middle flat, 4 rooms, bath and
yard. 20 Shotwell st., near Fourteenth.
PLAT of 5 rooms and bath: modern improve-
ments. 3448 Twentieth st.^near Capp.
$30—8 SUNNY rooms and bath; 3 basins; large
basement; rear st. 24 Dorland, nr. Guerrero.
SUNNY flat: 3 rooms, yard; water free; $10.
356 Third st.
TO LET— FURNISHED.
WANTED— To rent, . furnished flat or cottage
in good condition to responsible party; family
oti three. FRANCES. 796 Sutter St.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co/, 1127-1131 Market.
; FURNITURE WANTED. -
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special"
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission st.,pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND 3IATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work in making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 rfnd 413 Powell st.; tel. Bush 421.
GLOVES. ._ ¦
TRY Danichefl One Dollar Glove; you will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
_^_^ELP^JVVANTED— FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSE^~&~CO~rrTphone Grant 1S5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 laundresses, summer resort, fare one way,
.... : ;$i d ay
2 fancy ironers, summer resort, short dis-
tance $;;5
Chambermaids to wait, country and city, $20
3 waitresses, same springs, fare 1 way.. $25
5tt waitresses, city, country and spring ho-
tels $25
Cooks, country hotels .$35
Chambermaid to wait, ! country hotel. 12
rooms, fare advanced, $25; nice place on sea-
coast.
;¦; FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Too many places In this department to
itemize; call and see us If you want a posi-
tion at housework, cooking, second work, etc. ;
best of wages. - • "* .
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush »t^
Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny and
Grant ave.
A-^3 WAITRESSES, first-class place; springs;
see party here' at 9 a. m. ; choice place; call
• early; $25; fare paid. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
429 Bush st.. opposite California Hotel, be-
tween Kearny and Grant ave.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY. Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mountains, fares
paid .$25
6 waitresses, springs, Lake Co., fares both
ways $20
2 waitresses, springs, Napa Co.. fares pd.$25
.'» waitresses, springs, Santa Clara County,
.fare paid ; $25
2 waitresses, resorts near city $20-525
4 12 waitresses, commercial and city hotels. $25
Chambermaid, x springs. $20; chambermaid,
mountain resort, $20, fares .one way
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Cook, small resort, $40; cook, some
housework, $30; 2 cooks," city, $30; 4 second
girls, city and country; cook, hotel, city. $40;
5 restaurant waitresses, $7, $8; 10 waitresses
for nice summer resorts: pastry cook for
home, $30; strong girl, kitchen helper, $25:
100 girls for all kinds of housework, city and
country. -Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
334 Sutter st. '
A HOUSEGIRL for San Rafael. $30; 2 girls to
do laundry work In hotel, $50; ranch cook,
$25; cook, boarding-house, $30: second girl,
San Mateo, $25; p. German woman to take
care of children, $20; woman with a child.
$20: colored cook, $25. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
A WAITRESS to go to Yosemite Valley; $25
and fare paid. MISS PLUNKETT, 425 SUT-
TER, near Powell.
TWO straight chambermaids for first class
- hotel in country; $20 each. MISS PLUNK-
ETT, 425 Sutter. near Powell.
XO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW. TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PATWHILb
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PA\.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 32^ FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
AN experienced stenographer who operates
Smith Premier Typewriter for wholesale
house; wages $15 per week. L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER, 110 Montgomery st.
A YOUfTG girl or middle-aged woman" to as-
sist in light housework. Apply MRS. DA-
LEY. 70 Manchester st., bet.- Twenty-seventh
and Twenty-eighth, Folsom and Howard.
WAGES $20 — Sober, reliable housekeeper; one
that can bake: 7 children in family^ no wash-
ing. Call 2215 Twenty-first ave.. Richmond
district; see lady to-day.
GIRL or middle-aged woman wanted to do
housework, Alameda; wages $15. Box 1108,
Call office.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman for light
housework; *a good home for right party. Call
bet. 2 and 5 p. m., 1227 Greenwich st.
WANTED — Experienced alteration hands for
suits and waists. Apply KOHLBERG,
STRAUSS & FROHMAN, 107 Post st.
WANTED — Lunch waitress; no experience nec-
essary: steady place; good wages. Restau-
rant, !»55Vj Bryant st.
WANTED — Shirt finisher: also experienced
machine collar and cuff ironer. 3372 Mis-
sion st.
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market st.
SALEPLADY wanted for ladles' and children's
wear. MARKS BROS.. 106 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
TWO girls to work in a paper box factory. 16
Fremont st.
WANTED— Retouchers at BUSHNELL'S, 1510
Market st.
GIRL for general housework: small family;
German preferred; $20. 851 Fulton st.
WE wish to engage immediately a first-class
city saleswoman. Box 1105, Call.
SMALL girl, care for children; can sleep home.
506 Castro st. • .
WANTED — Experienced finisher on coats. 364%
Third st.
WANTED— Try-on maker on coats. 24 Mont-
gomery st., room 7, second floor.
TAILORESS. felling linings on vests: -steady
work. 757B Howard St., near Fourth.
WANTED — Experienced waitress at 113 Turk
street.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats; good wages:
steady; call at once. 112 Kearny st.. room 7.
MIDDLE-AGED woman for housework and
care of 3 children. 807 Filbert St.; $15.
GIRLS wanted. Colombat's Fringe Factory,
113 O'Farrell.
WANTED — Bright lady canvasser; local or to
¦ travel as assistant; no books: former experi-
ence not neceEsary; will post her and If
bright will take her as partner; make ap-
pointment; country ladies not debarred. Ad-
dress F. G. BART, 230 Montgomery ave., S.F.
$4 50— HAIRDRESSING. manicuring, mas-
sage, hair work taught in 2 weeks: positions
guaranteed In stores and with private cus-
tomers. $50 and $75 per month: class day
and evening. College 233 Geary st.. rs. 13-15.
WANTED — Experienced second girl for cham-
ber work and sewing; wages $25; reference
required. Apply bet. 3 and 0 o'clock at 1204
Fourteenth st., Oakland.
PACIFIC College. 1236 Market st.. r. 94— Hair-
work, hairdressing, marcel wave, manicuring,
massage, etc. ; positions guaranteed; $12 to
$35 wk.; day, eve, classes; course 2 wks.,$5.
LADIES to learn barber trade; . only two
months required: special, .offer this month;
hairdressing taught in four weeks; catalogue
MOLER. System College. 635 Clay st.
FINISHERS and edge-basters wanted to work
by the week: steady work; gcod pay. = S.~ N.'
. WOOD & CO..' 27 Geary st.
-WANTED — Experienced woman to assist In
the cutting of women's and children's gar-
ments for factory. -¦- Box 1100. Call.
GLOVES — Machine operators to learn glove-
fltting and banding; steady. '. Carson " Glove
¦ Co.. 35 Market • st.
GERMAN girl for general housework; wages
$25. Call between 2:30 and Dp. m., 2314
California st. • : ; ¦.-..-
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED— Finishers on coats. S. N. WOOD
& CO., 27 Geary st.
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, reom 13.
WANTED — Women and girls to work .on fruit.
1731 Folaom st.- -,....¦¦....--¦¦-.
WANTED— Active woman of mature years to
take charge of small office. Box 1095. Call.
¦A BRIGHT, attractive young lady, canvasser;
salary and commission. G., box 1004, Call.
HELP WAMTEP- MALE Co». _
AT C. R. HANSEN'STTTT. ........ 429 Bust rt.
.....;between Kearny and Grant Ave
opposite California Hotel.
ATTENTION, i
ATTENTION. .;
A Special Shipment To-day.
FOR NEVADA AND UTAH~....-y
No Office fee • • - Fr £L* a fp :
Free Fare V ;^° °f" ce Iee
. . .COSTS 'YOU "NOTHING— GO TO-DAY. . .
Carload of teamsters ««• ™?l*
Carload of laborers Kft *ork.
Carload of concretemen «* °l^'
Carload of tunnelmen KK. worn.
.For Nevada and Utah :*"
Wages $2. $2 25, $2 50 and $3 a day.
Come one. -Come all.
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK ••
500 tunnelmen. drillers, headers and muck-
ers $2 to $3 a day.
Free Fara Ship Dally Free Fare.
50 woodsmen and sawmill laborers, $35 and
found; 6 carpenters, country, $3 a day: car-
penter, RR. work. Nevada, $30. free fare;
4 millwrights, sawmill. $3 50 a day; mill-
wright for sawmill, $50 and found; ti black-
smiths, country, $3 a day. . . .¦ •
100 farmers, haymakers, milkers and
choremen, different ranches. $1 25 and $1 50
a day; $30 and $35 per mo. and found; 50
laborers, near city, $2 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker and pastry cook, springs $S0.
Second cook, summer resort $60.
Second cook, resort '. $53.
Baker and pastry cook, resort $50.
Steward for cafe, country $100.
Kitchen steward, country hotel ...$45.
6 second cooks, fryers and broilers, $50 to
$75; 20 dishwashers, pot washers, vegetable-
men and kitchen hands, $30 and $25: 6 bell-
boys, $10 to $20. '.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
WANTED— By E. B. & A. L. Stone Co.. team-
sters and laborers for railroad work In Ne-
vada; free fare; ship at 5:15 Monday, Wei-
' nesday and Friday
4-horse skinners $2 25 per day
Laborers $2 per day
Board ..".$5 25 per week
Report with blankets at 900 Broadway,
Oakland *
" Laborers for concrete work, wages $2 per
day. 10 hours' work; board $4 60 per week:
long job. Report at Napa Junction.
WANTED — Ten carpenters and millwrights; 3
flrst-class pipe fitters for country; apply be-
tween 8:30 and 9:30 Wednesday morning at
room 1315. Call building. Pacific Portland
Cement Company.
$750^ — WANTED, young man as partner In light
manufacturing business; first-class trade al-
ready .established; clearing $100 per month;
duties of partner to tend store and make
himself useful. Apply 257 Fourth st. ¦ *
WANTED — Young Intelligent man as salesman
in wholesale fruit and commission house;
good chance for the future. P. O. Box 2117,
San Francisco.
WANTED — An Al experienced 'cigar salesman
to sell high-grade, heavily advertised cigars;
permanent: good salary: furnish references;
- where last employed. Address box 1068. Call.
FIRST-CLASS stenographer; must be a good
Smith Premier operator; for large corpora-
tion; salary $75 per month. L. & M. ALEX-
ANDER. 110 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $125
cash: will pay $16 to $18 per week; plain
light work; experience not required; perma-
nent place. ¦ 1016 Market St.. room 10.
GOOD apprentice boy wanted. 16 to 18 years
old. J. BOLLER. stairbuilder. San Fran-
cisco Planing Mill. 526 Fifth St.; apply at S
o'clock Wednesday morning.
WANTED — Six cabinet makers to set up
chairs. ApKly JOHN BREUNER CO.. 957
Market st.
WANTED — Honest young man with $175 cash;
light contracting business; $70 month; no ex-
perience required. BROWN. 1221 Market st
WANTED— Man with $90 to take cash and
attend cigar store: $50 month; no experience
required. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st.
YOUNG man to help In cake bakery; must
have experience. 91 1',£ Larkin st.
WANTED— A kitchen boy; saloon. 6S4 Mont-
gomery stf. between 6 and 9.
WANTED — A lunch waiter at 560 Howard St.;
German hotel.
BARBER, evenings, Saturdays and Sundays.
940 McAllister st. ¦ " "¦ ¦
BARBER wanted; steady. 797 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber shop. 238
O'Farrell st. ¦
WANTED — Tailors to work by the week; $18
per week: steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary st. . .
WANTED — First-class practical cutter. S. N.
WOOD & CO., 71S Market st. • -
GOOD finishers on vests. 641% Stevenson st.
UNDERPRESSERS wanted: good pay: steady
work. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary St. ¦
COAT Dressers wanted; steady work; $20,, per
week. S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy: able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. - For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced young man
to take charge of lace, fancy goods and no-
tion counter: state experience, salary and ref-
erences.' Box 213.' Call.
MEN to learn barber trade: only requires two
months: constant practice and expert instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
¦ that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
ENERGETIC young man to solicit printing
orders, etc.; salary and commission. Ga-
briel Printing Co., 419 Sacramento st.
BOY wanted to learn trade. THE FINK &
SCHINDLER CO.. 1309 Market st.
WANTED — Boy with experience in carriage
blacksmithlng; also handy with horses; have
reference. Box 1C0S. Call.
WANTED — Man to cook for 4 or 5 men; wages
$15 per month. Call 500 Haight st.
A STEADY man with $100 cash can make $75
month year round. 78 Third st.. room 2.
WANTED — Barber, young man. good work-
man; steady. P. O. box 375. Santa Clara, Cal.
WANTED — Partner as cashier In restaurant;
clears $150 per month; $250 required; good
chance. • P. S. DE LUCA & CO.. 318 Kearny.
•WANTED — 100 laborers at Hunters Point dry-
dock; $2 per day. City St. Improvement Co.
WANTED — Jean Costel. the laundry man, to
communicate with the ¦ proprietor of the
laundry, Hobart Mills. Cal.
PANTS maker for country. Apply REISS
BROS., 24 Sutter st.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes;
size 5 to 12. MCDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty., E.'A. BuKis. room 40. Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A.R.
500 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
5Cc up: soling 20c up. 92.1 Howard St.. nr. 5th.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet: 1st and 2d its.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms. 25c night; reading-rcoms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED ad vert :? lents and subscriptions
received at Call . branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1090
. Valencia st. •
AND WAGONS.
FIFTEEN sound, well-broken! all-purposo
horses, including four well-matched teams;
fit for grocery and delivery wagons: guaran-
teed as represented. Occidental Horse Ex-
change. 246 Third «t.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st.: also buggies, wagons har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
AUCTION Sale— 40 head gentle broke work and
driving horses, consigned by A. F. ROOKER.
Stockton. STEWART'S Horse Market. Monl
day, June 16, 11 a, m.
70 HEIFERS; can be seen at Baden station-
San Mateo electric cars stop at nlace.
JOSEPH LEIPS1C. '~ I \
TO -RENT— Single or double team, with or
without driver; short or long trip. 2056 Mc-
Allister et.
FINE. Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentle
for a child to drive; cheap. Occidental Horse
Exchange. 246 Third st.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses
. DALZIEL. COS Golden Gate ave. norses -
HANDSOME sorrel buggy mare. 7 years old-
drives single or double. 623 Grove st.
FOR -sale — Well-bred horse, very stylish and
gentle. $115. 228 McAllister st7 " y " 8a Ml1
$40— EXPRESS wagon; good condition- a bar-
gain. 417 Folsom st.
HORSES AND WAGONS— Continued.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagon3. buckboard. sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th&.Valencla.
AN Al express wagon, single; also light camp-
lug wagon for sale cheap. A32 Mission st.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let: send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
ONE of the finest . hpmes In Alameda at a
bargain; "exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors' Agency. 137 Montgomery St.. 3. T.
FINE- 2-story house: 7 rooms and bath; on car
line: $14. Call 354 Geary «t.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
$75 — HANDSOME cottage, 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment; nice locality; completely and elegantly
furn.; must be seen be appreciated. 1067. Call.
OUT-OF-TOWN HOUSE TO LET.
FULL bearing orchard; center of Palo Alto;
small house, sparsely furnished; sink, sewer.
closet; 815 month; references. A. W. BELL,
417 Parrott bldg; see owner 1-4 p. m.
~ LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — A small poodle dog with yellow ears,
on Kearny between Vallejo and Broadway.
Return 1117% Kearny. Reward.
LOST— Touns long-haired bluish-gray Scotch
sheep dog. Reward If returned to DR. Mc-
NUTT. 1220 Sutter st.
LOST Lady's purse containing brass key No.
2593 3 other small keys. 80 cents and stamp
picture. Return to 469 37th st.
LOST Second mate's license of steam vessels.
Please return to J. F. COGAN. 155 Pros-
pect aye^ t
LOST Pair of eyeglasses. Return to 32T .
Sixth at. and get reward. '\
LOST Bunch of keys. Bunker Hill Park, Loa
Gatos. June 17. Return to 704 Powell at.
LOST — $75 reward for return diamond crescent
with star in center; lost at Pavilion Satur-
day evening or on way home. NEIHA19,
115 Kearny st. <
LOST— Lady's small gold watch and fob:
marked M. G. M.: on Saturday, bet. C1HT
House and Van' Ness ave. Return to 1732
Washington st. and receive reward.
LOST— Knights Templar charm, bet. J^echan-
ics' Pavilion, S. F., and Oakland. Return to
O. BERGSTEN. Center-st. station: .reward.
LOST— Red greyhound; black nose. Return to
343 Nineteenth ave.. Richmond; suitable re-
ward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needa oM gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, wlndow
shades. HOTTER. 712 Mission: teL M. 730:
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st. "
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS.
750 to 1000 new «md second-hand tents to rent
and for sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'3
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boi!?rs. water pipes, shafting, pulley*,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock; Installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy ternw or rented. Tfc«
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
BABY buggy and new folding gocart; reason-
able. 8 Birch ave., near Larkln st. ; fore-
noons.
PLEASURE schooner for sale; 80 feet Ion*.
16.2-ft. beam. For particulars apply Cali-
fornia Yachting Club. Oakland.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, wood and iron working ma-
chinery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
FOR SALE — A lady's "White" wheel, nearly
new; price $15; bargain; cost $50. 383 14th.
STEAM box work table. 5xft feet, 7-foot coun-
ter. 2 small show cases. 9 Mason, room 6.
THE public is warned that the old firm of
Uncle Harris has retired from, business.
ENGINES boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SECOND-HANli lumber, sashes. bllnd3. doors
and brirks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 15th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg"y.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried -tn stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, movlns
picture machines, films. Bacigalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new. and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
A NO. 1 frash shorthorn Durham cow. 4 year*
old; rich milk; gentle. 83 Shotwell st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters. SE. cor. 2d & Eranr.an.
1ST-CLASS 2d-band modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. S19 Market st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
I Wanted-2-dhand electric motors.all sizes. any con-
dition. FarnsworthElectricalWks.,185Jessle st.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
. send postal: will call. Box 4960. Call office.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 nth st. : tel. Jessie 2831.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. €01-602 Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates......
LOANS MADE .,
On first and second mortgages...... *
....: Life Interests in estates «
Property being held in trust ..«
Undivided Interests In real estate «
Estates in probate — Legacies „
Assignment of rents.. «
..... ..Life insurance policies. ..........
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If you need money „
See HERMAN MURPHY «
601-C02 Examiner building „
A — R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages.
On second mortgages.
On third mortgages.
On undivided interests In real estate.
On estates In probate. " .
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 651S.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st.. room X.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 18.
1st floor. Chronicle blsr. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS' LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
S*fe Deposit bldg.. 323 Montgomery st..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of interest.
Long or short term.'
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 840
Market St.; tel. Main 1044. Branch 18 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant av«. neaf
Geary St.; phone Red 16C3.
ON real sstate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos; no removal; any amount'
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st.. room 38.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried
THE TOUSLEY CO. .. {£&
ON furniture, pianos; r.o removal ;money quick*
lowest Interest; easy terms: no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 687
ELFVING. 610 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal-
no com. ;atrictly confidential. Tel. Black B263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity, quietly., quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big.
LOANS on furniture or piano' without removal:
any amount; lowest rate; goods In warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates cn furniture, etc.. by prtvat*
t£V y: T» n ° re ?°X al: no commission ; connden-
tlal. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st o*
r/fp m^" >UI }? . Vd - lnter <*« 9 . estates in probate.
life ins, policies, etc. Harper. 480 Parrott bd.
• r^HM^ T ? Party l oans S1 ° u ? on pianos, furn..
without removal: conflden. 935 Market, r. 3.
Oi lt^ T ,? ltylT J- P' ano «: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister St.
S \££ f '£ nlt ? re * Pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 17C9; room 81 ft Krirtv floor 4.
M M 1 TT r T l0ane . d . people without security.
will, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
°^^-ST r csnt cn furniture; $r» a month on eacH
»iuw; any security. UQg Montgomery St.. r. 1.
CJ t**l loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner bld«.
LO , ANS money -on salary: na indomer: Eastern
plan, w est?rn Loan Co.. 303 Phelaa bid*.
MnBBtaM|M|aHgtBlH'
mCLr WAITED— FEMALE— Cow. _
WANTED— A neat German girl for general
work in bakery. 108 Ninth st. , . V
GIRL for general housework and cooking. 2211
Buchanan st. ,
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at^all branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' , y-^.x
HELP WANTED — MALE " - u^
MURRAY & READY ..634-636 Clay st.
;-,- ; *'-" Phone Main 5818.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office Open 7 A. M.
L* :..-. . NEW RAILROAD WORK
••• State of Utah •
Free Special Frse
• •••-.. Utah State
Also ship to ".....
Salt Lake Division, Moleen, Rokeby, Iron
. Point, Battle Mountain. Palisade. Fenelon,
Wells, Carlln, Reno. Elko, Wadsworth
For the above places
WE WANT
849 teamsters, $2 to $2 50 day: 1500 laborers,
$2 25; 150 car dumpers. $2 25; 500 concrete
men, drillers, rockmen. car dumpers
..........Ship- Free Daily
SANTA FE COMPANY'S WORK ..
. n 150 laborers for section, ballast and extra
gangs, company's own 'work....
. CARPENTERS ;..
• • MECHANICAL. HELP . . >
Engineer, run barley crusher, ranch. $40 and
found- • ; ; /
Harnessmaker. ranch, $30 and found; black-
smith helper for ranch $30 and found; black-
smith for camp, $2 50 and found
4 carpenters to build boat, scow and dredger,
see boss here,. $82 50 and found. free
-. fare; 3 carpenters, near city, $90;
found, fare paid; 3 carpenters, near city, $»0;
machinist, city job, $3 to $3 50; camp black-
smith, near city, $75; 11 blacksmiths, other
Jobs, camp*, ranches, shops; blacksmith, saw-
mill; millwright, see boss here; woodworker,
country shop, old man; 2 blacksmith helpers.
;no shoeing; cooper, oil company
• • * MINES s«
... — List of .jobs ready ut 7 a. m
.» miners, r.orth, $:>0; B miners single hand,
north, $75; 4 miners, south, good mine, $57
and fojund; 75 laborers for a large mine, no
experience required, you'll fill the bill, $40
to $52 and found
•••- ANOTHER MINE
15 men to work around a srood mine, south,
steady work year around, fare $2 50, wages
$40 and found '. .-
1 .. ? -WE SHIP AGAIN TO-DAY
• FREE FARE
SAWMILLS ..TO .. YARDS AND WOOD
,679 men to work around 4S different saw-
mills, yards and woods, no experience need-
ed, to pile lumber, learn to run machines,
etc.. and make yourselves useful, $30 to $65
.and found
' Are You Going? ..Your Fare Is Free
Get a List of Jobf Daily
10 lumber pilers, big sawmill. $45 and found,
23 different Jobs for experienced sawmill
help
" MISCELLANEOUS
Coachman, good place, near city, $35 and
found; milker and wife, see boss here, $45
and found; milk wagon driver, country. $35
and found; young man to drive deliv-
ery wagon; 10 men to clean brick. SI 25 per
¦thousand; 10 stablemen, buggy washers and
hostlers; 3 coachmen; man and wife, private
place, Santa Clara County, $45 and found,
see boss here ' ....*
25 boys to work in factory,, private places;
choreboys for ranches
HAY AND HARVEST
: FARMS AND DAIRIES
2 sack eewers, $2 day and found; 2 men to
.haul grain, $2 day; 70 hay and harvest hands,
all counties, $1 25 to $2 50 and found; 35
farm hands, steady jobs. $25, $26 to $35 and
found; 3 milkers, north, fare paid; 38 chore-
' men and choreboys; 27 milkers, different
dairies, $35 and $40 and found; budder for
nursery, $2. day and found; 10 men and boys
to cut, pick and pack asparagus, no experi-
ence required, $26 and found; slaughter
butcher on ranch; butcher for camp, $30 and
found
You should have a list daily. ¦
LABORERS
15 laborers, Napa County, $34 and found; 20
• laborers In San Francisco, $2' day; 4 laborers,
factories: 27 laborers, quarry; 30 laborers,
manufacturing company; 8 laborers, factory,
Oakland .'
HOTELS
BUTCHERS BAKERS
Short order cook, $40 to $50 and found; sec-
ond cook, country. $35 and found; night cash-
ier, city. $30
Young man to take orders and deliver meat,
$25 and found: sausage linker, sausage fac-
tory. $13 week; 3 butchers, country shops;
baker, hotel, country. $40 and found: 25
cooks, city and country hotels and restaur-
ants. $40, $50 to $75 and found; 14 waiters,
city and country. $30. $"5 and $40 and found;
cook, mine boarding-house, see bo3S here,
$50 and found; cook for springs, $150 fare,
$50 and found; 47 kitchen hands, dishwash-
ers, etc., etc.'
For other positions *
Call, read our bulletin boards, get our daily
list
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY, 638 Clay,
Phone Main 1191.
"450 laborers, teamsters, concrete men, rock-
men and steam-shovel dumpers, $2, $2 25,
$2 50 per day
FREE FARE FEE $1 FREE FARE
To all points In Nevada and Salt Lake Di-
vision .'
COO railroad men, S. P. Co.'s work, for Sac-
ramento. Western Rnd Coast Divisions, to
Tracy, "Florin, Oakland, San Mateo, San Luis
Obispo and other points, $1 60, $1 70 and $2:
section, extra and concrete gangs, free fare:
8 woodchoppers, Santa Cruz Co. ..$2 50 cord
2 men to clear land $30 per acre
100 laborers and miners.. $2 to $2 50 per day
20 quarrymen, free la re $2 per day
18 tanbark men $2 per cord
i 12 tie swampers and sledders, $35 and $40
and found . :
4 milkers and dairymen. .$30 & $35 & found
5 millwrights $3 50 and $4 per day
10 carpenters, country $3 50 per day
20 laborers, country $30 and found
2 bell. boys.-. .' $15 and found
1 cook, country hotel, see boss here $60
1 cook, country hotel, see boss here...... $50
1 cook, country, 20 people ."$45
8 waiters and dishwashers. .$20 to $30 & fd
Many other positions. Call and read our
bulletins.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third st.
TO ALL POINTS Ifj NEVADA
Free fare Free fare
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rockmen .' $2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendoclno County Big sawmill
50 railroad laborers. $26 per month and board
12 sawmill nnd woodsmen
$26 to $65 per month and board
SHIP TO-DAY » FREE FARE
10 men for hayins '
$2 25 to $1 50 per day and bO3rd
10 harvest hands $2 per day and board
5 carpenters' helpers.... $2 per dav
2 sack sewers $2 per day and board
3 carpenters, country $3 00 per day
10 lumber pliers, sawmill
• $40 per month and board
2 head setters • $3 per day
20 woodsmen.. .$40 to $00 per month and board
5 muckers, gold mine S2 25 per day
4 smelter men $72 per month
Cook, restaurnfit, near city.... $50 and room
Camp cook, 35 men $40 a month
20 LABORERS and teamsters for country, $2
and $2 25 a day. free fare; 5 laborers for
brickyard. $2 a day: 50 laborers for mines,
mills, grading and quarries. $2 a day: 4 min-
ers. 2 25 a day; farmers; milkers, $30 and
$35: butter maker. $35: cheese maker. $35: 2
farmers and .wives, $40 and $50; coachman,
$30; milk wagon driver. $35 to $40; chore-
man. $25: stable boy for m'lkman. $20; 4
millwrights for country. $3 50 and $4 a day
snd board; carpenters. $3 50 to $4 a day;
blacksmiths, and many others: call and look
over our list. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 62S
Sacramento st. • :.' " ;
YARDMAN for resort. $25 and found; cook,
country.. $40: cook ard wife for laborers, $45:
4 waiters for country hotels. $25. $27 and $30;
elevator boys, bell boys, norters, dishwash-
ers, and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO:, 628
Sacramento st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 310 STOCKTON ST. .
Coachman, country. $40, to $50; young man
for Indoor work, $2.": auto driver for doctor,
$25: gardener and do chores. S25: assistant
gardener, private place. $25; milker and make
butter, privste place. $30; 4 men for labor-
Ing work, private placp. Sonoma County. $1 a
day: carpenters for jobbing, "steady, $3 50 a
day: butcher for restaurant. $50. etc.
MEiAT and pastry cook, flrst-class resort;
steady poslt'on year 'round; $70. MRS. M.
E. DAY. 335 Geary st.
A MILKER. 14 cows, springs, $30, fare paid.
MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 2fi Montgomery, r. 12.
Potwasher, $25; bus, $25; bellboy, $10.
pSeSSER "on vests. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market 1 Ft.
EXPERIENCED . compositor for general job
work. 1C Fremont st. ¦
COOKS, waiters, dishwashers, kitchen help for
¦ resaurants: no fee. 526 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 310 Montgomery st. ;
. call early.
GROCERY clerk wanted. Northeast corner of
Nineteenth and Shotwell sts.
WANTED— Dishwasher at 19 Powell st.
BARBER wanted at 4073 Eighteenth St., near
Castro. •
WANTED— Good coatmaker. 123 Ellis St..
¦ Press Club building.
DISHWASHER' wanted for restaurant; no
Sunday work. C66 Fourth st.
WANTED — A waiter at 211 Grant ave.
BARBER wanted at 713 Mission st.
GOOD •' union barber evenings, Saturdays and
Sundays; steady. 16-iC Polk st.% NEW WESTERN HOTEL. .,
H C W6bb. Chicago C P French & wt Minn
H Frlsbie, Willows CD Mead, Ind -
S Bissonett, Willows J C Wells & «hldn, Tex
D Methroan, .Cal .. . . .LE. Merrill. S D
S B Tindell, Wheatland J K Nicholls. \v & 2 ch
H R Harden & wf Colo ' Chicago, 111 \
Wade Baxter, Armona K S. Stevens ,& w, s d
L Hansen, Armona HA Stevenson,' S D
Miss L J Wells, O: H T Droney,.NY '
CEarle Wells, O G Cufmann. N -Y Cy
C D Mead, Ind A Fisher, Willows •
T B.Taylor, Sonora OW Condon & w. Cal
P Moraai, ICinff City S. V. Thomas, Cal i .
C D.French, F Corral P A Gorman. Manila
Mrs H A ;Haroilton, La. Ed Chenpt, Ohio -
Oscar B Hamilton, LaJFred Shank, Ohio
J H Bachman & wf Cal R V Cheatham, Ky .
H B Bpjwn.'Cal : JE J Fry & w, Tex .,
C A Whitman, Cal J C McKittrick. Tc«
Geo P " Aver. Cal W W Nelson, Ttfx '¦¦'
Peter-Dacre, HI , ', ' ',--¦ "• '
HOTEJu. ARBIVALS.
Challenge 10 12 Potosi . .. Tl 24
Chollar ...... 12 14 Savage 08 00
Confidence ... T>O S-'J Scorpion . — CC
Coil Cal & V.I 3O 1 .13j Seg Belcher. . U 05
Con Imp — 02i Sierra Nev... 1:5 is
Con N Y — 02 Silver Hill.. 43 47
Crown Point.. 03 C3 St Lcrtil* .... — . nu
Eureka Con.." 18 — Symitcata ... — 07
Exchequer .. 01 02 Union Con.... 17 IS
Gould & Cun Ort CSiVtah 08 07
Hale « Nor.. 45 47 [Tel Jacket.., H ¦ 19
Julia ........ 0*1 " ¦-.¦
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, June 17 — 1 p. m.
Eid. Ask. I Bl.t. Ask.
Alpha — tt! I Justice 07 . tiS
Alta O5 C7:Kentuck' '01 03
Andes ....... C3 00 Lady Wash.. • — 04
Belcher 12.. 13 ! Mexican 42 44
Best & Belch. 11 12|Oecidental .;. 14 13
Bullion ...... 03 03 Ophir 115 120
Caledonia 79 SO- Overman 27. 2:>
t. Ang R 53.118% — S P ot A 6a
L A I. Co 63.103^ - (10CO) 113441141,4
Do gtd 6s. — — (191C) 115 —
Do gtd 6s. 104 — S P of C 6a
L A O. P 5s. — — (1905)Sr A.106?4 —
Do 1cm 5s.lO4% — (1905)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-tt C es. — 123'/, (190«) — —
Do lcm 6s. — 121 % <1D12) .... — 121
N It o? C 6a. — 113 S P of C 1st
Do 5s 121% — c gntd 5s. — —
N Pao C 63.110 — Do stmpd.109% —
N C H 6s 113H — SP BrCal 63.140 141
N S R R 5S.100&101& S V Wat 6a. Ill 112
Oak Gas 5». — 113 J /3 Do 4a 2dno.l02 10.':
Oak Trn 6s.. 125 — Do 43 3dm. 101 102
. Do 1st c5a. — 115 Stkn G&E 63100^101 V 3
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74% 70 ; Port Costa.. 63% 6fi
Marln Co ... 59 — Spring VaL. 89 90
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent 1/&"P"." 2^ — Pac L Co... 49 50
Eqt G L Co. S — Sac B GAR. 39 —
Mutual 4% — 9 P G & E. 441J 44^
O G t, & «. 60% 62% SFOLCo. 5% 5%
Pac G Imp. 37% 40 Stkn G & E. 8 —
r- ¦ ¦ ¦ INSURANCE.
JTlrem'3 Fnd.270 — ) Vii
BANKS.
Am B ft T.112% — >P1rst Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 IL P & A. ...168*4170
Bank of Cal.440 450 Her Eat (liq> 2S
Cal Safe Dp. 122% — S P Natlonl.l4O —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1990 — Sav & Loan. — 90
Hun^boldt .. — — jSecurty Sav.340 390
Mutual Sav. SO — [Union Trst.1830 —
S F Sav U..530 — I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 — [Market ..... 99*4101 l!
Geary • : — — I Presidio .... 39 — ¦
POWDER.
Giant ...... <®% 70%/Vigrortt ..... 3% 4
SUGAR. - • x
Hana ....... 3% 4 IKllanea .... — 10
Hawaiian . ; — 40 I Makawell ... 23 —
Honokaa ... 10% ll%IOnomea .... 23% 24U
Hutchinson . 12 13 . »Paauhau .... — 13
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Packl57% — i Pac A PA. 2% —
Cal Fruit As. — 100 ' Pao C Bors.165 —
Cal Wine As. 99%100% ! .Par Paint ..23 — •
Oceanic 8 Co — — I J
Mornins Session.
Board — . : f
50 Alaska Packers' As3n 158 00
10 Fireman's Fund Ins ...273 CO
100 Hana Plantation Co :.. 3 87%
$1000 Los Angeles-Paclnc R R bonds.. 103 50
' Street — ¦ * /
20 Alaska Packers' Assn ...153 CO
-, Afternoon Session.
Board —
10 Alaska Packers' Assn 137 75
. Street —
10 American Bank A Trust Co 112 50
$2000 Omnibus Cable tt per cent bonds. 128 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE*
'. Morning: Session. . -
Board —
50 Monte Cristo 1 30
50 Monte' Cristo 185
| .';?. Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Sterling 1 02%
500 Sterling (s 0O> 1 82%
r . • MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
. .-; . ' Morning Session.
200 Best & Belch. 11 600 Overman .... 27
1©<> Challenge .... 10 ICO Potosi 17.
20O Crown Point.. Ot 100 Savage 0»
100 Gould & Cur. 07 000 Union Con. : .. 17
COO Occidental ... 09
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belch. 10 2CO Occidental ... 12
500 Chcllar 10 2C0 Ophir ..: 115
100 Hale & Nor.. 42 100 Potosi tt
.100 Mexican ..... 41 COO Potosi 2'Z
100 Mexican ..... 42 4OO Silver Hill .. 43
Following "were the gales on the Pacific- Stock
Exchangeresterday :
Mornintr Session.
500 Andes .."..... 0C 300 Ofchlr 115
500 Best & Belch. 11 100» Overman .;.. 27
100 Caledonia 7; -300 Overman .... 2<S
10O Caledonia 7i- 300 PotosJ 2O
200 Con Cal & V.t ;{; 400 Seg Belcher.. 05
700 Gould & Cur. 0» «KCO Ses Belcher. . 04
500 Justice ...... 07 200 L'nion Con... 1«
J200 Mexican 41 500 Union Con... 17
Afternoon Seesion.
200 Chollar 0i>: 500 Overman 27
700 Chollar ...... 10 im> Potosi 20
100 Confidence ... 52 1400 Potosi 22
SCO- Mexican 42 1,000 Sen Belcher.. 04
1<*» Oplrtr ...;.;. HC 2O» Silver Hill .. 45
200 Ophir 1 15' 200 Union Ccn. . . 13
. UNITKD STATES 3OXDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bl(J.A»k.
4s qr coup..H0Vjlll |4s qr cprnewl3.1iiI3>n,
49 qr reg.... 109^110 1 3a qr coup... 107 1C8
MISCELLANEOUS EOND9. '
Ala A W 5s. 91*i — Oak W O 59.105^104^
Eay CPC Bs.lOS'A — Oceanic S 5s. — 100
C C G&E 5s. 105^100^ OmniWa Cs.12TVj —
Cal-st 6s 119 — Pac O Im 4s. 9S% —
C Cosfa 59.. — 11133 Pi * C H6s.lO7%lin
Ed LAP 6s. — — Pk & O RCs — 125
Fer&C H 6a. — 123 Pwl-st Res.- —
Geary- st B«.. — — Sac EGR 5s. 99^100 1;
B-C&S 5%s.lO2 — SF & SJV58.122 12TJ
Do 53 .... — — Sierra Cal 6a — 115
TUESDAY. June- 17 — 3 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The following Quotations tor United Railroads
of San Francisco were- received yesterday from.
New York by Bolton. de Ruyter & Co.: Com>
mon stock, $23 62%@24 25: preferred, $63 62V»©
64 12%; Donds. $31 50®92 80; subscriptions.
?102 12%®102 75.
Tha>Bay--Connties Power Co. haa declared
Us first dividend of 20c, payable July 10, and
tha California Central Gaa & Electric Co. Its
second dividend of 15c, payable July 15/
Azteo oil paid * dlvldent of So on the 16th.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business continued flat on the exchange* and
there -were' no changes worthy of note.
Continued From. Pago EigaL
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Kittle Smith, alias Myrtle Reece,
stewardess on the steamer Mohican, who
was convicted by Judge Mogan Monday
of disturbing the peace, "was sentenced
yestr*day~to serve three months* In the
County Jail, which is the limit for the
offense. Frank Noonan, the substitute
fireman who neglected hi3 wife and two
children for the stewardess and threaten
ed his wife if she testified against the
prisoner, was brought before the Judga
and received a severe reprimand. Mrs.
Noonan- asked the Judge to give him an
other chance to behave himself and the
Judge consented. . .
Given Limit of the Law.
Tfhe United States Civil Service Com
mission will hold examinations for the fol
lowing positions on dates mentioned: July
s—Finnish interpreter, qualified to speak
Russian and Swedish languages, in the of
fice of the Commissioner ef Immigration
at Ellis Island, X. Y.. at a salary of $1200
per annum: age limit, 20 years or over.
July 8-9— Watch officer in the Coast and
Geodetic Survey; age limit, 21 to 38 years.
Deck officer, Coast and Geodetic Survey;
age limit. IS to 23 years. July 10—Labora
tory assistant. National Bureau of Stand
ards; three vacancies at salaries of $900.
$1000 and $1400 per annum; age limit, not
less than 20 nor more than 40 years. July
11-12— Aid, Coast and Geodetic Survey,
salary, $720 per annum; twelve vacancies
exist in this position; age limit, IS to 25
years. July 15-16— Assistant (piece work
computer). Naval Observatory and Nau
tical Almanac Office; age limit, 20 years
or over. July 13— Assistant In - road ma
terial. • laboratory. Bureau of Chemistry,
Department of Agriculture; salary, $600
per annum; age limit, 20 years or over.
Persons who desire to enter these exami
nations should apply to the United States
Civil Service Commission, Washington.
D. C, or to .the secretary of the local
Board of Examiners, postofflce, for appli
cation forms, which should be filed with
the commission at Washington.
Civil Service Vacancies.
- Samo owner with. Henry Jacks (contractor),
architect same — Carpentering, "'Joining... mil!
work,' mantels, glass, hardware, enameled brlclc
work and elevator, etc.- for same on same:
$S«uO. - '•- ¦¦-.. -
• Same- owners with samt-contritctor.-archltectsr
Roman .Catholic Archbishop of San Francisco
(owner) with' Thomas Butler (contractor) arch
itect Charles J. I. Devlin— Brick. Sranite," ca^r
and wrought ¦ Iron work and terra cotta for a
five-story brick -bui 13 injr on lot on NW Mn»
of .Mission street. 3SG SW of Third. . 9~\V 134
NW 100, NE 30, NW CO. NE ' 1C4. SK-'l«U :
S5228. . . • .-, ;
¦ FatMck Regan (owner) wittv-Erlk Boes (con
tractor and architect — All work for a one-story
frame Cottage 'on lot on % S line • of 'California
street, 32:6 W of Twelfth avenue, W 25 byfa
,ll!0; 5l,"25. '
Builders' Contracts
Same to sr.me, lot on K lino of Sunset ave^
nue. 25 S of Farnaworth lane, S 25. E 87.51.
N 25.05. W.S5.S4, lot 10, block F. Sunset
Heights; $10.: y ¦ ... . . . .. ;
John C. and Annie M. Spencer to Margaret
Moore, lot 7(57, Gift Map .".; $10.
Home . Building Company-- to Continental
Building and Loan Association, lot 3, block 24,
Sunnyside Tract; S10.
Jacob Heyman to Joel Swanson, lot on E line
of Dame street, 150 N of Randall. N 1 25 by E
125. lot 14, block 28, Fairmount; $10.
: Dr. G. W. Newcomer (executor of the estate
of Nancy N. Gallatin).to J. R. L.Hardln," lot
14, . block 4:J4, lots 10 and 11. block 511. Bay
View Homestead Association ;_$250.
; J. R.-L. .Hardih to Theodore A. Bell, same;
?io. •
Kalie •&. Brown to W. F. McNutt. lot on NW
corner of Twenty-seventh avenue and M street.
W 240 by N 100: also lot on E line of Twenty
eighth avenue, WQNot M street. N 400. E 120,
S 400. W 120; alsb" lot en W line of Twenty
strventh avenue, 225 S of L street, S 150 by W
12tf^ $10. ' i ' ¦
Thomas and Ida M. Clark to Ada I. ¦ Mc-
Mahan (wife of Mabry). lot on S line of J
street, S2:0 E if Nineteenth avenue. E 50 by
S l(i<i; $10.
Ada I. and Mabry M«Mahan to James and
Florence E. Smith, same; $10.
Estate of N. D. Thayer (by Denton Utter, ex
ecutor) to M. J. O'Nell, lot on W line- of Thirty
first avenue, 100 S of J street. 3 75 by W 120;
$c-;o. . -
John G. Malich to Ida E. Baltz. lot on —
line' of Minnesota street, 125 N of Tulare, N
75 by W 1C0: J150. ' * .
American Surety Company of New York, to
John S. and Amanda H. C. Stratton, lot on
NW line of Harrison street, 230 SW of Fifth,
SW 25 by NW 80;" $10. r.-V .' •- • .
Jeanne I. Ahrams (wife of Albert) to Har
vey H. Dana, lot on NW corner of Geary and
Hyde streets, W U2:C by N 87:6; ?10.
Jane. Sarah E. Frank A. and Ash H. Phelps
to S. Nathan, lot on W line of Jones street, W)
S o. Pacific, S 40:S^ by W 137:6; $10.
Frances M. Hughes to Entitle 'B. and Frances
T. Hughes, same, correcting 1042 D. 269; grant.
Angela and Rosie Cereghlno and Angelo and
Asunta' del -Monte to- Jean Larrus, lot on W:
line of Salmon street. 57:6' S of • Broadway,
S 20 by W 00; $10. ' . . •
Amy-F. M. Hannigah, Thomas A.', Harry L.,
Emily B., Edward O., Frances T. and Frederick
S. Hughe3 and Gertrude M. Jackson to Frances
M. Hughes, lot ' on N' line of Bush street, 68:9
W of Mason. W 22:11 by N 100; $10.
Mary Sweeney (or Sweeny, or Mary E.
Sweeney) to Mercantile Trust Company, lot on
S line of Pine street, 42:1 W of PblK, W
23:4 by S 120; $10. . -. ,.,,,-
Thomas" and Bridget Sexton and Maria S.
McDonnell ISexton) Jo William Arpnstrong, lot
on N line of Sacramento street, 29 E of Scott,
E 55:4 by N 108; $10.
W A. and L. Y-. Roberts to George A.
Brown lot -on N- line of Filbert street. 158:9
W of Broderick, W 25: by N 107:0"; $10.
Veronica; C. Baird to -.Bridget Mines, lot oa
SE corner of Waller street and Central avenue,
S 47:7, NW. 4S, W 8 to beginning; $10.
City and County of Ss.n. Francisco to" T. P.
S Brown,- lot on W line pf Capp street,. 160
S of Eighteenth, S 60 by W 122:6; $- .
Hugh K. McJunkin and ' Cernella N. . Mc-
Junkin (Dore) to Pauline C. Wyss. lot on N
line of Twentieth street, "205 W of Valencia,
W 28 by N 114; ; $10. r .... ¦
Mrs. Ada Patterson to Mrs. ' B. Costello.
buildings on W line of Valencia street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth, Nos. 1478 to
14S4; $10. .
Harriet G. McVicker (widow) to Clara B.
Game, lot on E line .of Guerrero street, 277: t
S of Twenty-fourth, E 12.1:4, S 28:5, W 117:4,
N 27:6, warranty deed; $10. ' : : • •
TUESDAY, JUNE 17.
Harriet E. and John Barneson to- Robert
Pieper, lot on NE corner of Haight street and
Central aveiiue, N 30 by E 112:6; $1O.
Morris and Augusta Hyman to Henry C.- Col
lins, lot -on N line o'f Washington . street. 87:0
W of.".Lyon. W 23 by N 102:8%; ?10. ..
I W and Theresa Wedels to Morri3 Hyman,
rerecord 1763 D " 113. lot on N line of Wash
ington street. S7:C W of Lyon, W 50. N 127:8ft.
E 27:6. S 25. E 22:6. S 102:814; also lot on
SW corner of Union and Scott Streets^ W 137:6.
S 137;6 E 27:6, N CO. E 110. N 77:6: also lot
on N line 'of Clay street, 137:6 E of Maple, E
110 by N 127:S 1 ,4; also lot on S line of Wash
ington street, 187:6 E of Walnut, E 107:6 by
D*elia I.' Ford (single) to Elizabeth Hammer
smith", lot on N lj ne at Car * 8treet - 20 ° E o{
Stanyan. E 25 by N 137:6; $10. " ' _
James and Ellen E. Moore to. Thomas *.
MaheV. lot on S line of -T-wenty-fim street.
203:8 E of Sanchez. E 50:11 by S 114; $10. ¦,
Thomas F. Maher to John W. Welch, same;
Estate of Harry I. Thornton (by Bessie
Thornton, executrix) to Maria South. lot on lj
line of Castro street. ISO ' S of Sixteenth. S
25. B 94:4%. NE 3S:6.'TV 123:7%; $1800.
John M. and Maria' South to Annie T. Bur
i-ingtbn (widow), same; $10.. -. - ,J : * A
Samuel J, and : Wilhelmlna E. C Hendy _td
City and County of San Francisco, lot- on faw
corner of Twenty-second and Bartlett streets,
S 55 by W 85; $10. • . .
Charles Jr. and Leonora Mayer to John ana
Maria Engisch. lot on N line of ThlrtUth
street. 225 W of Sanchez W 50 by N 114; $10.
Elizabeth Evans to John J. Wirtnei\ \ot on
N Une of Twenty-seventh street. 160 w ol
Sanchez. W 80 by N 114; $10. t^.^v
Estate of Harriet Stewart (by John A. Drink
house administrator, by John A- arennan.
elisor.' in place of B. P. Oliver, commissioner)
to Hipernia Savings and Loan Society lot on
S'llna of Duncan street, 117 W ot-Noe.-W 50
to Manuel L. *****?% jl ot
on W line, of Douglass street. 51:6 ,N of t-»z
abeth. N 25 by W 100. lot. 10-1. Heyrnan Tract;
S10 "* ¦ * .-¦"..
Henry and Marguerite Wreden-to Emella M.
Chabot lot on-N line of Sacramento street. 105
W of Front. W J3 by N 59:6; $".000.
G W and Eliza J. Grayson, Mary E.. Alice
R. and Frank L. Owen to J..W. ™™%
on S line of Bhlpley street. 7a W of, Fifth^ W
16:8 by B 75; also lot on NW corner of Twen
tv-Riitth avenue and- K street, W 32:6 by r*
W0?riso!bt on e SE corner o* TlHrty-elghth Ave
nue and T street; E .107:6 by S100: also lot on
E line of Thirty-eighth avenue. 100 S Of. T
St j e a1.J Ryan^o 12 Em $ pire Laundry Company
(a^raUon" -lot on & line of Bryant street,
o-^ -Mit' nt m-rth SW 75 by SE- to, $iu.
John C and Edward Coleman to Charles N.
ttpI ton Jr and Kate F. Elkins, lot on SB
forne? 0 J f Market^street. 150 SW ot Seventh,
S Tohn Sfde^J innle Blanc^wife^Alex
ander and Minnie MCBrtde)/ lot on -W- line
of Georgia street, 150 N of Twenty-second, N
"iSLSJ^S^to Harry V. KnoH lot «
IS?'** EilhteenthaveW. 2(h'n of Calif6rnia
street N 31 by E 120; also lot on W line of
Twentieth «v?nue. 231 N of California street.
N 50 by W 120, quitclaim deed; $1. -
Henry J Wade Mahony (executor estate of
Jennie J W. Cor Jennie J.) Mahony) to Emilie
l! Pfaff (widow), lot on W line *f Twenty
third avenue, 200 S of Lake street. S 50 by W
'Henry J. Wade Mahony to same, same; $10.
Same to Emily C. .Wilson, lot on W line of
Twenty-third avenue. 175 S of Lake Street. S
25 E b s^ jfnniV'j. W. (or Jennie J.) Mahony
(by Henry J. Wade Mahony, executor) to same,
• Ea AlbeTt 12 Meyer to Colin M. McKenzle. lot on
W line of Seventeenth avenue. 17o S of H
S.%&?& A. S.ng.ey^wlfe)
lot on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 200 S of
John C Qutnn to James and' Margaret Qulnn.
lot 3*. block F. Park Lane Tract 4; $10-
William Wolf to Patrick and Mary* Moore,
lot on N line of Broad avenue. 140 E of Capi
tol street. E 30 by N 125. block J, Railroad
Homestead Association; $10. • •¦ v^^
Georgina G. Todd and Martha E. ICnox
(Todd) to Kate Ryan, (wife of George) lot on
SW corner of Stoncman (Norwien) and Man
chester (Tehama) streets. S 75 by W 80. lots
52, 53 and 5«. Cheeseman's Map 1. Precita val
:le Henry* F *Jr.' and Clara H. Blanchet to F.
W." Loeschenkohl, lot on W corner of Eigh
teenth avenue and R street, NW 150 by SW
100. lots 19 to 24. block 372, O*N. & H. Tract;
t?1 Henry Ford to John Engisch, lots 77, 78" 99,
369 to 171, 206 to 212, 251 and 232. 431,- 432,
445 450 to 454, Silver Terrace Homestead; $10.
> William C. and Sarah J, Hamerton to Fran
cis J. McGuire, lot on W line of Siegel (Gates)
street, 225 S of Elaine (Eugenia), S 25 By W
70. lot 405. Gift Map 1; $10. . '
F E Graessler to Wilhelmlne W. Mager. lot
on S line of Pioche street. 132:6 E of Cam
bridge,. E 25 by S 100, block 132. <. University
Homestead; ?1O. " r "
Sebastian and Elizabeth Lindner to Clara
Johnson (wife of A. F.). lot on NE line of
Nineteenth avenue (S.), 175 SE of J street.
SE 50 by NE 100. block 364, South San Fran
cisco Homestead and Railroad Association; $10.
; James T. Donahue to Mary E.~ Mathews (Sin
gle), lot on N line of Pacific avenue. 1.02:8 W
of Broderick.>W'33 by N.127:8V«; $10.
.Arthur F.,ftnd Adelaide M. Bridge to William
A. Magee, lot on S line of Vatlejo street, 231:9
W of BaKer. W 65:9 by S 137:6; $10.
. Hyman ami Lena Wfilf to Isaac Wolf, lot on
S line of Sutter street, 110 \V of Octavla. AV
27:6, S 120. E 25 • N 40. E 2:6. N SO, quit
claim 'deed; jlO.~ ¦ . *
i Isaac and Lillie Wolf to Hyman Wolf, lot
on S line of Sutter street. 82:6 W of Octavia,
W 27:6, S 80, W 2:6. 8 40. E 25. N 32:6, E 5,
N 87:6. quitclaim deed: $10.
: City and County of San Francisco to John
J. Wirtnor. lot on N line of Vallejo street. 137:6
W of Fillmore. W 34:4 1-24 by N 137:6; $ ¦¦¦•¦
• City, and County of San Francisco to Effie
C. Sobieski, lot on S line of Broadway. 75 i.
of Van Ness avenue. E 25 by S 47:6; $ .
¦MONDAY. JUNE : lC.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
John D. Feldmann (owner) with C. Kreeker
(contractor), architects John & Zlmmermann —
All work except painting, plumbing and gas
fitting for a two-story and basement frame
building on W line of Scott street, 87:6 N of
HA'ght. N 25 by VT SO; $4,100.
E. R.- Lilienthal (owner) with W. S.
Shook & Son (contractors). Clinton Day archi
tect—Plumbing- and sewering for a five- story
bulletins on lot on >T line of Mission street.
45:10 E of Beale. N ia7:6 by W 45:10; S2370.
Shea & Shea— Carpentering, etc., for a frame
churcb on lot on "W line of' Mary street.
165:8 NW of Mission, NW 123 by S"W 125;
S11.2C0.
THE SAX FKANCISCO CALL,. WEDNESDAY, JUNE 18, 1902.
11
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale, rent- or exchange — An* elegant 8-
room modern house, all conveniences; fine
corner lot: best locality; a great bargain;
$1000. . ; . . .. '. • '
Must be sold; a large 8- room house; lot 60k
150; near Chestnut-st. station. See* the' above
this week. Apply ALAMEDA LAND COM-
PANY. 1500 Park St.. Alameda. \
ALAMEDA HOUSES. "
FOR rent, furnished or unfurnished, for term
not less than one year, 10-room house; mod-
. era improvements; sunny location; unfur-
nlshed $35. 1448 Caroline- St..- Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE— 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,
etc. ; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine, i
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;
choice property a .specialty. Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ROOMS.
FURNISHED or unfur^Un^u^ultehous^keep^
Ing rooms; % block from U.- C. 2229 Chapel.
Mill Valley AdvertisemeiitsV
JOSEPH STRAUB. • •
Romantically situated In Mill Valley; *¦ a
cottage of 4 rooms, furnished; basement: on
line of proposed electric road; lot 126x3on.
New 5-room cottage; near schooihouse*;
Eastiand, Mill Valley; lot 100x190. • -¦ *
A choice lot near the hotel ' in Larkspur;
lot 50x180.
Particulars JOSEPH STRAUB. S50 Market.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND COTTAGES.
FOR rent — Furnished cottage of 6 rooms, com-
plete. Apply to Charles Adams & Co., resi-
dent-agent*; Bay Stntinn. : Alameda, : Cal. '
OAKLAND FUKNri'ljiii^ FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this month. H.
SCHELLHAA8. 408 -Eleventh st.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
eulte of furnished sunny rooms; all complete:
gas, bath free; near school and park; rent
reasonable.' St. James. McAllister and La-
guna sts. ' ¦ - . ¦ *
BIRCH ave., 615,-bet. Laguna) and Buchanan — \
. $"; 3 housekeeping, rooms. ' '¦
FOLSOM, 830 — Furnished front rooms for
housekeeping; $8 and $10 per month; also
Eingle. - " ' . . ' :
i'OURTH, 237 — Nice furnished rooms, with dr ;
without housekeeping; no other roomers. Ap-
ply at fruit store.
MISSION, 250314 — 2 complete" housekeeping
rooms with gas stove; rent reasonable.
NINTH, 221 — 2 large housekeeping rooms to
rent. . " • . " .
OAK. 10 — 2 or 3 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms/ ¦ ¦
TAYLOR, 246, cor. Ellis — 3 sunny connecting
. houEekpg. & single rmt,;' phone Howard 1777.
VAN NESS ave., 402^ — Entira upper flat: 3
. rooms; neatly furnished; gas. stove; bath.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and
received at Call brahch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established at 1096 Va-
lencia. Et. .. " - :
ROOMS TO LET Knrn, nnd Unturn.
A7Joii£usr7rrr???rr!777rr^^
New fireproof brick building; .80 elegantly
.. furnished rooms and. suites; marine view. MO
' Stockton st., bet. Bush and Pine. . ,
ARGYLE Hotel,. 234 McAllister— Nffw, elegant,
sunny; 75i day- upward; McAllister cars to
door; handsomest gTill room In California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c tb 51 P'.r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
, light housekeeping rooms; open all night-
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or -^To. 1
Fifth St.); rooms 25c, -50c, $1, ?1 50 night,
• $1 50 to $10 per Week; house open a!l night.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles; day,
week or month; bath; phone. 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1420 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
-nlshed rras., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
£DDY, 118 — Sunny nice furnished front sui te ;'
' cheaD; other rooms, $6 to $8 mfenth; no trans.
ELLISr 321 (Motart)— Nicely f urn. rooms. 35c,
$1 50 night: $1 50. $6 week; open ail night.
FOLSOM, SCO, near 4th — 51 per week, furnished
rooms. •' ,
Grand Southern. 7th,-& Mission— R00P19 35c to
fl-50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
HAYES, 829 — Large . furnished room for two
gentlemen; breakfast and supper optional.' -
MINNA.' 667, cor. Eighth — Newly furnishe4
bay-window room, .Jl per week; transient.
MISSION. 1514, near 11th.— Clean, cheerful
room; suitable for 1 or 2 persons; $150 per
week. ; -¦•
OAK. 125— Nicely furniEhed sunny room; gas,
bath; $7.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elee. lights; day. week, mo.
.Q'FARRELL. 324— Nicety furnished room suit-
able for two. gentlemen or man and- wife.
O'FARRELL. 402, corner Taylor — Nice sunny
suites or in single; running water.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
. lor; rooms, per night, 35o to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
SUTTER. 349 — Elegant furnished rooms, with
or without board; bath; 10 minutes' walk of
. Kearny at. - - ¦
VAN NESS ave.. 320 — Elegantly furnished
rooms, all modern conveniences: most, de-
sirable part of city; very low rates.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
Valencia st, - -
ROOMS AND BOARD. .
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new, strictly
modern, first- class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and ' elevator; private
baths: slnccle and suits; hot and cold
water; steam heat; telephones on every floor.
THE MCALLISTER; 503 Van Ness ave.; Just
opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references.
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny front ¦ suite;
piano; every convenience; -references. -316
Eddy st. : - ' - ¦ - - ¦ .
CALIFORNIA. S07 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
"HEATH," 312 Eddy stl— Select family hotel;
exceptional -table; popular prices.
LAM BOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class . house";
furnished suites or single; steam heat. ' -
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished . sunny
Builds; single rooms; first-class table board.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE~~T0^ CREDTrOKS^vTHB^tate 'of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased. Notice
Is hereby riven by the undersigned, JOHN
FAHNHAM, administrator of the estate of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased, to the
creditors of and all person9 having claims
agftinst the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, " within four'
months after the first publication; of this
notice, to the said administrator at room. 79,
Chronicle building, the same being his place
"for the transaction of the business of- tha
aald estate In the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California... JOHN
FARNHAM. administrator of the estate of
CHARLES McCONLOGUE, deceased. Dated
at San Francisco, May 28, 1902. CARLTON'
W. GREENE, attorney for Administrator,
rooms 70 and 79, Chronicle building. .
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— Estate of RICH-
ARD GARLAND (alias), deceased. Notice Is
hereby given by the undersigned, JOHN
FARNHAM, administrator of the estate of
RICHARD GARLAND, • deceased, to ¦ the
creditors of and all persohs 'having claims
against the said deceased, to exhibit them
with the necessary vouchers, within " lour
months after the first publication of : thl*
notice,- to the said administrator at room 79,
Chronicle building, the same being his place
for* the transaction of the business of the
said , estate in the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California. JOHN FAttN-
HAM, administrator of the estate of RICH-
ARD GARLAND, deceased. Dated at San
Francisco, May 28. 1002. • CARLTON W.
GREENE, attorney for Administrator, rooms
76 and 7», Chronicle building.
FUNERAL REFORM BOYCOTT. '
The undertakers of Pah Francisco are un-
friendly to cremation because the expense 13
very much less than that of interment. They
know that if cremation sets thr? pace in fu-
neral reform reduced prices must be met, or
graveyards closed. They over five
hundred hacks, the drivers of which belong
to the Hackmen's Union. Local No. .224. That
union Uhrouoh misrepresentation j made . to
them) has resolved not to drive for us at our
funerals or rent hacks to attend them.
We think the friends of cremation wilt, if
necessary, dispense with, a string of, hack*
and the services of the undertakers rather
than see incineration obstructed by a cause-
less, heartless boycott of the dead.
We own two first-class carriages and at-
tractive hearses and horses, which we will
furnish upon application. For further . in-
formation-, call at .No.. 42ft Golden Gate ave.
THE ODD FELLOWS' CEMETERY ASSO-
CIATION. ¦••¦¦• G *-*O. T. BOHEN, Pres. '
GEO. PENLINOTON. Secretary.
Funeral rooms — 120. Golden Gate.ave.: tele-
phone South 1)34. •¦ '- .
• Oakland ofQce— .1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 701.. • ... .
Main office at cemetery, Point Lobes ave.,
San Francisco; telephone West S96.
Prices of • cremation — Adults, over 15 years
of age, $25: children under 15 years of age,
$!5. Circulars mailed to any address on- ap-
plication.. GEO.- T. ' BOHEN, Pres.
PENLINGTON. Sett: .
(FOR CREMATION ONLY)
Tlje Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association,
Funeral Conductors '
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
-<C -, C38 MARKET STREET.
$12,500 — Mak» offer; north side of California
et.. near Hyde; store and 2 residences;
rents |702 per annum; Idt 40 feet front.
$2,750 — Two-story house, 8 rooms and bath, on
vy. '-; ' Lyon St., near Sutter; lot 25x119:6
feet; owner wishes " to go East and
wants a quick tale.
$9.000-~-Two modern, well-built housea of S-0
rooms and bath; on Bush st., near
Laguna; lot S7:6xl37:0 feet; rents
$300 per annum.
Pays over 13 per cent per annum; 7
flats of 4-3 rooms and bath; reduced
from $6000 for immediate sale; price
$5250; well built and in first-class con-
dition; always rented; near. Seventh
and Harrison; lot 50xSO- feet.
$7,500 — Make offer; must be sold to close an
estate; north side of Folsom st., op-
posite. Columbia square, between Cth
and 7th sts. ; well built three-story
building: containing store : and flats;'
rents $840 per annum; lot 25x75, is'
alone worth the money.
$3,000. each; three well built houses of 7-8
rooms each; on Folsom St.. near 25th;
brick foundation; lots 25x115 feet each
to a rear street; houses could be eas-
ily converted into flats.
$7,500 — Fine lot on Stevenson Et., near 6th;
present Improvements rent for $41 per :
month; lot 25x75 feet.
$11,500 — Two flats of 7-4 rooms; rents $48; cot-
. tage of 6 rooms and bath; rents, $17.
. and vacant lot 53xS9:C on a northwest
• corner on Church st. ; the . improve-
ments are modern and in flrst-class
. condition; size of entire lot 78x117 :G
feet.
$6,500 — Up to date modern residence 10 rooms, .
bath, butler's pantry, etc.; .on the
north side of Clay st.. near Buchanan;.
* fine lot, 27x127:8^4 feet. . .
PROBATE SALE OF LOTS.
$1,250 — Corner on Sanchez St.. near ISth; lot
54:2x104 feet.
$2,500 — Northwest corner, on Lombard St.,
• •¦ near Fillmore. 33:6x120..
$2,250 — Choice lot on Green St.. near Fill-
more, 32:0x137:6 feet.
$2,000— Dolores near 16th; 2UxllO feet.
$1,700 — Key lot on Green s£., near Steiner,
27:6x137:0 feet.
$1,300— North side of Lombard St.. near Web-
ster. 26x120 feet.
$1, 500 — Cole st. near Carl. 25x137:6 feet.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
N ¦ . 638 Market st:
LARGEST BANK SALE OF BUILDING LOTS
EVER OFFERED.
AT YOUR OWN VALUATION;
' ' 14th st.
|
80 25 | 25 | 30
CT ' $10 - 000 j". ? s|
a $4,000 ? g |°
I 8 $3,500 $1.650" g | .
© — 1 — g
* 8. $3,500 | li50 o % » '-
* «S $3,500 sold £
« $3,500 - Sold , ,
* bn so Vi
Must Be Sold. Must Be Sold.
Greatest slaughter of'business lots ever of-
fered for genuine sale. Adjoining lota in blocks
north, south, east and west of. this heaviest
transfer corner of the United Railways are held
and being sold for at least 25 to CO per cent In
advance of the figures shown in above diagram.
The old buildings are now removed and lots
ready for building; all the three streets-are sew.
ered and accepted by the city: corner crossings
and stone cur.bihs all In. also stone sidewalks.
N. H. LANG & CO.. 40 Montgomery St., cor.
Sutter. Pbcne Grant 123. ' '
3. L. COOKE. .26 Montgomery st-.J. L. COOKE
i San Francisco ..............'
i ...Great Bargains. Oakland and Alameda...
Elegant home properties at half price. . -.
All sizes, all kinds. .
Great opportunity.
Secure & home. " - • r . ¦ :".
Epeci.il Bargains ..Special Bargains
Do not wait. Secure a home •
While you can get it cheap.
Leave your address with me . ¦ i
And I will find you a Bargain.
You will be surprised at the
Small outlay of money which will _ . '
purchase you a home. .- : ¦-• • ¦
Don't forget to call -on. or ¦ • r
address J. L. COOKE.
26 Montgomery st. San Francisco.
Cut this out and save address. . . . ; ¦
~~~~~ JOSEPH STRAUB. '
12 fiats and .V residence of 9 rooms: fiats
never empty, always rented: b&ks 9 per cent;
plenty ground in rear to build on: part cash.
New cottage of 5 rooms and bath: 2 attic;
basement; nr. Castro, bet. 18th and 19th; $2500.
Six flats on Harrison; pays over 9 per cent..
2-story brick building', 9 rooms and bath; on
Washington st., near Taylor.
Residence. 8 mis. ; Geary, near Scott; $5000.
2-story cottage, 0 rooms d»d bath; on Clem-
ci.tina St.. r.ear Sixth; part >ash.
1-. JOSEPH STRAUB, 850 Market st.
$6750 — AT a sacrifice;, corner lot and improve-
i ments; on 13th st., near Folsom: consisting
• of btorei flats and two 2-story houses; size
! of lot 50x80; renting low for $58; can bs In-
creased to. $75. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24
Montgomery St., room 3^ ¦ ¦ • ¦ -¦
$lCi0 — i rooms and bath: cottage: finished at-
tic, basement etc.; $200 cash, balance same
as. rent. Wisconsin st., near 25th; only a
short distance from~24th-st electric cars.
YOU Will , never secure a suburban home. In
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and buildlns lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa et.. Ocean View.
REAL KSTATE — COUNTRY— For Dole
ONLY $130 PKH ACRE. ' ~ ~ - ~ .
150 or 180 acres of the finest land in the State;
all set in alfalfa; fenced in fine fields; abund-
ance of water for irrigation; all this land is
richest, sandy loam, 50 to 100 feet d»><>p, every
foot of which is prepared for irrigation; In ad-
dition to the irrigation ditches a large creek
Sows along th? entire northern boundary, which
is lined with heavy oaks and other shads trees;
this stream is accessible to all the fields; rur-
nlshlng water and shade for the stock; every
foot of this land -will produce in abundance
everything that grows in California; improve-
ments consist of a modern cheese factory, with
latest appliances, a model feed barn for 100
head of milk cowr and 200 tons of hay; fenesd
corrals through which a perpetual : stream flows;
a cottage and other buildings; land is now rent-
ed for $12 per acre cash, paid in advance; sit-
uated in Stanislaus County. % mile from steam,
er landing and 2*& miles from Crows Landing
(a railroad town); only $130 per acre; pay 9
per. cent. For further particulars apply to
DAVIDSON & LEIGH,
\ 219 Montgomery st.. S. F.
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Loa Gatos and Saratoga avea. ;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed; ten
minutes' drive from station; neighborhood
desirable: 40 acres, all of which is in >r-
etaaid; 32 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit next year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
timated at $2000,'. agricultural implements
and trjoln. fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
etc., included.
The - residence is one-story,, contains -9.
rooms, in perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-house, tank, etc.; good
well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and heatthly home, and
profitable; price $16,000. . .
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO.,
34 West Santa Clara st.. San Jose.
PATS 20 per cent and living; possibilities un-
limited ;• Santa Cruz mountain resort site;
ranch; 25 acres; 2250 trees and vines; choic-
est; good crops; springs; running water; ir-
rigation unnecessary for berries, anything;
redwood and oak timber; sight of ocean and
Santa Cruz. 10 miles.
Furnished house, rood barn, stock, tools,
.etc.; owner aged and alone; offers all for
$3000; photos. Particulars A. W. BELL. 417
Parrott building. 1-4 p. m. I have others.
What do you wish 7
FOR ' SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $U0 to $00 per acre, on Ranchd
Cotatl, $onoma Co., future value assured, ag
- San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming:. 'Apply
to The Cotatl Co., 302 California st., for
pamphlet and Information. . - . ¦
ASK for our Mst of , suburban and country
properties; land department. -AMERICAN.
GUARANTY & TRUST S CO., Hayward bldg.,
Ean. -Francisco. ¦ ¦¦. ... ...
COLONY tracts, estates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON, Mills bldg.
LAND bargains: new. catalogue sent 'free.
Wooster, Whitton & Montgomery, 634 Market.
TVrlte Wells, Saundera & Co., Petaluma, for
list of bargains in fruit and. chicken ranches.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 canes, aent to *ny addreea . in tha
UnMPil Ftatta or Canada one year for $1.
REAL. ESTATE] TO EXCHANGE.
FOR sale or exchange for S. F: paying proper--
ty, 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ada. R. Clark. Agua Callente. Sonoma Valley.
OFFICES •_¦ AyD^ STORES TO LET.
LARGE store with high basement, fronting on
2 ete.; below Kearny et. 638 Clay St., room 1.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS. "
RUPTUREand piles cured; 'no pay Until cilred;
no operation ; --noMetention from business: all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. t)'rs. Forden & Porterfleld.CTurk.
DR. C. C. OIDONNEIiL^Offlce and residence,
;1021^ Market st.,- bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal disease*
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^. Marketi
SPECIAL XOTICiES.^^^
FREE ¦ cure for gtomach'and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a. medicine Is <what
.cured people say.' Address REUNER & GOU,
LET, Station A, Sacramento. Cal. ,
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made!
city or country. PACIFIC- COLLECTION
CO.. 41B Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 6580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES^
ALL kinds bouf ht, sold. rented.-~exchanged ; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 14 1. 205 4th.
STORAGE .AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Mbvlng~Co?To£
flee Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Priv. Es. 571.
GOLDEN 'WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Migglon stij %61; Howard &41. F. W. Zehfuss.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.," C30 Market gt.;
tel.. Main i!840; shipping at cut rates. ' ¦
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Cpm-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 2S1.
. AJfD^SCJPPHES.
GREAT . BARGAlNS~m7T .YPEWRlfjERs"^rWe
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
; Exchange, 53(5 Galifornia: telephone Main 266.
2D-HAND ' typewriters sold, rented,, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sangpme.
TYPEWRITING A 3HMEOGRAPHIXG.
EXPERT typewiting, 4c folio; copies, 2c; mim-
eographlng. 927 Markt, rm.305; Howard 15.59.
/ VITAOP.4THY.
DO you suffer from rheumatism or any kindred
ailments or. trouble of any kind? Try "VltS-
opathy." IVAN McLAUGHLIN, 1104 Mar-
ket. rooms 11 & 12; free treatment Wedneg.
COPARTNERSHIP NOTICES. •-;
NOTICE of dissolution of co-partnership — The
partnership heretofore existing between the
undersigned, '- under the 'firm name of
WRIGHT & KOCHMAN, doing business at
Noa. 250 and 258 Turk street in the city ami
county' of San FrahcisCo, ! was dissolved by
mutual consent on the thirteenth day of May,
A. D., 1&02. MICHAEL J. KOCHMAN. !
. ' DEXTER M. WRIGHT.
The "business will hereafter be ! conducted
by DEXTER. M. WRIGHT at 250 Turk street
where he will be pleased to receive the
patronage of his former customers. ¦ ;. . '
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Com-
pany, corner of Caluornia and Montgomery
sts. — For the ¦ six months ending June 30,
1002, dividends have- been declared on de-
posits in the savings department of this com-
liany ' as ' follows-. \ Ott term 'deposits- at the
rate of 2 C-10 per cent per annum, and on
ordjnary deposits at the rate of :t per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable 6n and
after Tuesday. July i; 19te/ Dividends un-
called for ai*e. added to the principal after
July 1.1902. J. DALZELL BROWN. Man- \
ager. .
THE German Savings and Loan Society 526
California st.— 'For the half year ending with
June 30,. 1902, i a .dividend has been declared
at the rate of three "(3) percent per'annUm
on "all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Tuesday,' July 1, li)02. GEORGE
TOURNY, Secretary. .
SAN 1 FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, 532 Call-
fornia St., cor. of Webb— For the half year
ending with the 30th of June, 1002. a divi-
dend ha» been declared at the rate per an-
num- of three and forty-two one-hundredtha
(3 42-100) per cent on ; term deposits, and
three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, -payable oh ; and after Tuesday, ' July
t. 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday : . . •. • • . ¦ . • - " '
Henry S. Fallon, 21, Jackson, and Catharine
C. Michel. 21, 2721 Twenty-third street.
Nordien Knudsen, 24, 427 Fourteenth street,
and Lillie B. Semmens, 23, 427 Fourteenth st.
• Ralph A. Teague, 20, city, and Theresa
Hinz, 24, city.
Henry T. Sengstacken, 27, 1034 Bryant street,
and Alma C. Wobber, 20, 002 Broderick street.
Diiminaros-A. Sllva, 28,-llC Jackson etreet,
and Philomena Sllva, 20, West Oakland.
Ashley R. Farless, 25, 1932 Pine street, and
Caroline Jager, 20, 370 papp street.
Michael C. Coleman,' 40, city, and Lizzie
Malarkey, 20, Portland, Or.
Samuel R. Ro.bbins, 23, 1304 Powell street,
and Julietta M." Stocuttt. 22. J411C Mason St.
Frank J. Conlon, 31,, 207 Eleventh street, and
Minnie E. Slack, 23, 147 Vleksburg street,
; William T. Dwyer, 21, 727 Bay street, and
| Wllllametta A. Busch. 18. 800 Beach street.
BIRTHS— MARMAQES-tDEATHS.
Birth, marriase- and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of • the oublicatlon offices ami be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons- authorized to have the same published.
* BORN.
HOGAN— In this city, N June 12, 1902, to the
wife- of Captain T. V. Hogan, a son.'
TOGNI— In this citi\ June 1(5, 1902, to the
wife of A. Toehi; a son. .
WALTER — In Oakland. June 17, 1902, to the
, wife of Fred F. Walter, a son.
WOLFE — In this city, June 12, 1902, to the
wife of S. F. Wolfe (nee Samter), a son.
MARRIED.
DEVLIN— COOK— June 16. 1902. by the Rev.
L. C. Sanford. William G. Devlin of Arcata,
• Cal., and Georgie'A. Cook, daughter of Jer-
ome H. Cook of San Francisco.
FORSYTH— LIGON— June -10, 1902, by the
Rev. L. C. Sanford,- George T. Forsyth and
Florence A. Llgon. both of San Francisco.
GUY--HILLEBRAND— In this city. June 1C
1902, O. W. Edward Guy and Clara Hille-
brand, • ... . .
MASON— GREER— In this city, June 11, 1902,
• by .the Rev. R. Logan, Charles Franklin Ma-
. son. and J^llza J. Greer.
• DIED.
Beck, Elizabeth Murphy, Michael J.
Cullen. Catherine Rehfuss, Wilhelm J.
Da Silveira, Mar'a Richards, Clayton F.
De Guerrero. Juan Richardson. Mary C.
De Suza, Jame3 E- • Samml, Anna
Donohue, Jeremiah - Samuels, Dr. E. H.
France, Angie G. Hcott. Grace L.
Griffin, Robert " Simons, Isadore ' '
Hoyt, Georgiana M. Thompson, Victor T.
Innes, John L. . . Tiscornia, Girolomo
Ketcham, Susan J. Treadwell, Thalia
Lehman, Nora Tubbs. Herman A.
Mundwyler, John F. • • -.
BECK— In this city, June 15, 1902, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of J. V. Beck, and mother of
Mrs.- T. N. McCulloch, Mrs. Sadie Mallard
and Lemuel, J.. F. and J. V. Beck Jr., a nu-'
tive of Pennsylvania, aged CD years 8 months
and 11 days.
[CTThe funeral services will be held to-
day (Wednesday)., at 2 . o'clock,- at . tha
parlors of Halsted & Co., 940 Mission street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
Etreets. '."•.'¦ ¦ .
CULLEN— In this city, June 1(5, 1902, Cath-
erine Cullen,-. a native of Ireland, aeed 78
years. .. ; . . : ¦ .. .
DA SILVEIRA— In West Berkeley, June 10,
1002, Maria, beloved wife cf John Veirs da
Silveira, -anti mother at Joseph Velra da Sil-
velrfl, a native' of A«ore Islands, Portugal
ased 29 years 0 months and 21/ days. ; -
GCTFrlemis and acquaintances are respect-
fuTly. invited. trt attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday),' :'at,l) 6'clocik, from her late resi-
dence, corner Seventh street and Channliig
way. West Berkeley, thencs to St. Joeeth's
Portuguese Church. Chestnut street, between
Seventh and .Eighth, Oakland, where a sol-
emn requiem' mai>s'Yi?ill be celebrated for th?
repesj. of.her soul, commencing .at 10 o'clock'
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.'
DE GUERRI3RO— In this city, June 17 1002
at his ' rfesidene^, 515 -Stevenson street' Tua""<i
A* Guerrero, dearly beloved husband of 'Fran
ces M. cie Guerrero, and father df Mrs c
Valonto, Mrs. Josie Klip, GU3 de Guerrero!
¦ (Successor . to ' Flahnagan &' Gallagher.! '
... DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMHALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. -. !
Telephone South £0.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
..'. '. -XEAREST SHE. CITY.. . -^
Office, '916 "Market Street.
TeieDhone Bush 387. ' . '
NEW FlltWI OF UND ERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager, for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
WcBrearty. with tha game company for 10
yeara; P. F. Green., late- with J. C. O'Coa«
nor he Co.. have opened new Funeral Par*
Ibrs at -1171 Mission st., between Seventh
and. Kiehtli. Telephone South 44. -,
Z7 «nd »9 Fifth St. Tel. South ler 1
KUJfERAL DIHECTORS AND EMBA1.MERS.*
nne«t Equlpmrttl^at MoJerntf Ratta. \
.-_V ! BIEDICAL.
A— ALL former patients of Mrs. Dr. Gwyer will
be elad to know she has returned to San
Francisco and opened offices for the relief ot
those suffering from rheumatism, paralysis,
morphine or liquor habit: those consulting her
vi 11 be assured of careful and honest treat-
ment. Consultation and advice free; private
home for i>atlentf. Sundays by appointment
only. Phone Jessie 2131. Entrance to offices,
. rooms 25 to 28. 1504 Market et. and City Hall
¦W. square, over Good Fellows' Grotto.
A — Drt. O'DONNELL. world-renowned special-
ist. — Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble,
consult the specialist on female complaints-
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
rected; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cases taken: the mc*t difficult cases treated-
bava relieved thousands of most obstinate
cases ; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nature. DR. G. W. O'DON-
NELL. office & residence. 1018 Mkt., pp.- 6th.
A— OIJ. ROSEN; this specialist exercises tha
most important of modern principles in treat-
ins and curing female complaints; ladies all
who are sick or Jn trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007^ Market st. .
MKS. DR. KOHL— well-known, reliable ladies'
H*cialist; instant relief guaranteed; home In
confinement; hour* I to 5 and 7 to S. 1008 >i
Market st.. opp. Fifth and nr. Powell.
MKSjlgP^ WYETH— Well-known ladies' *pe-
rl lfi^ : o0 ptr ex^ rien <*: private home in
confinement. Moved to 723 Post St.. nr. Jones.
M !*f- » R ; ° < J! OD 5 IN ' ladie^rVliable special-
ist. maternity hospital; home for infants
.ree: fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy et..nr. Mkt.
?J^?^V A . LLEN - 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a rrivate home before and during
confin^mettt^Jjest medical care; low fees
D^;, : VN ' D MRS. DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES— Kumror.d is safe & sure; never fails;
price ?.. Gleason's drug «tore,Clay& Kearny.
DR- NG TOY KEE, EM Stockton St.. opposite
I nion Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MUSICAL IXSTRUMEXTS.
THIS is the best time of the year to havfe
your piano renovated and put in order We
have the best tuner and repairer in thi citv
ana .a finely equipped shop in which to do
all kinds or repairing and varnishing; flrst-
i-.asts work will be done »t reasonable prices
Have the piano fixed while you are away on
£Si^*2*te THE ZENO MAUVAIS
Ml- SIC CO.. 709 Market st. •'
WISSNnu. liaumeister cr Stodard pianos are
our most popular instruments. You can buy '
«.n the payment plan if you wish THE
ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market.
ALu makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
!i t telnWay *»3 to S2S0
- Knsbe $85 to $110
i £!*chw .-. $75 to $185
1 Bourne $40
Over 5000 Keine pianos In K. F. AgeiiU* for
if-mous old Gabter and 20 others. Rents and
installments ?2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237-
• Geary Ft.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
rropositions are offered in . the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear lri mind
that wp ran not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
epsortrnent of best makes to choose from.
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers.
crtr Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F., Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold., by us taken back any time
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
Vrice: coets you only 2Cc a day to buy a
I'iano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. SO
OFarrell e t. ; established 1850.
A CH1CKERING— A VOSE— A STERLING.
A Steinway— A Fischer— A ?teck.
And ten others from J»50 up.
*™ All uprights, easy payment*, fully guaranteed
BEN'J. CfRTAZ &- SON. 16 OFarrell st.
Ol'R pianos, th? leading makers; prices $100 '
unwaid: values best in city. PIERCE'S
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th & Church.
A LOT <if hipti-gra'ie pianos for almost a eong
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st. i
ON csle — A lanre Steinway upright; good as |
new; must sell. 23T Geary et.
$3 PER month — Best renting pianos in city.
gcott Curtaz Piano Co.. 5G0 Hayes st.
Person departing for Germar.y sacrifice superb
large n«.-w 3-pedal upright piano. 330 Turk.
51^ r > — ALMOST new 3-pedal upripht: easy pay-
ments. 10 McAllister St.. next Hibernia Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. fl.11 MarketTt"^-
Ste-ck. Everett. Ludwig and other good pianos.
£- N 'AP— 2 only, new, S4.'0; high-grade uprights.
dropped fram cata!osrue.$250. Bru'enn,20SPost.
RYRON MATTY. .'!CK-310-.TI2 Post st.; Sohmer
and ot-her pianos and pipe argrans.
SrPFTRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. hT
MT'LLnn. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
PALMISTRY.
MME. G. L. NEERoTARTrreadTT^to^4. 700
Post et.. corner of Junes ; phone Polk 83*.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor *t.. bet. Geary and Poet :tel. Black 3«1.
PERSONALS.
THEDY — Can't settle without your signature
without losing all; foreclosure; Dr.; under-
stand? . I'm sorry you forgot baby: baby
uill go adoption by law. desertion; I can't
prevent: I try keep it baek; hurry; days
<"ount; case come* up soon. Oood-by. Your
little Snooks. Box 246. Call office.
IF your hair Ik railing:, fc«ttl for DR. O. ». j
MOORE'K Scientiac Hair Restorer, the only-
remedy known to stop hair from falling* and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation eent to all part*
of the world: call or send jor circular. D&.
|r G. S. MOORE. £12 O'Farrel! st.. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
SI 5: with these suits we make an extra pair
' of pantF free of charge; other suits on install-
ments, fl weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester :
Hotel. +4 Third St.. near Market: 700 room*, i
Z3c to $1 ."'U per night; >1 .10 to $0 per week; :
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A— "WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 48
Ellis, makes colored ehirte to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
WILL IffSS ELLA cr ITELEN COX or any one
knowing her whereaboutw please communicate
with 2H3S I3roadway. fi. F.. immediately?
MAGNIFICENT 6-etone diamond ring, big i
bargain. This day only. 1 to 7 p. m. <J7ti
Gear;-. '
HOME treatment for mothers and daughters;
booklet free. The VIA VI CO.. 2304-6-8 Van
Ness ave.. Sa:j Francisco: phone E&tt 2S2.
COUGH Ea*y Consumption Cure: do good; al- i
v.-ays relieves aYiy cough; beet la grippe cough j
cure; 25c; «t druggists.^ .
MONEY to loan at low interest; soli, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious etones bought
at \V. J. HESTHAL'S, 10 Sixth st.
A FULL line of switches, wigs and front piece»;
hairdressing. any/style, 25c. Xi. LEDERER,
122 Slorktor. tt. . ;
DI-IL'NKETkNESS. morphine and all drug dl«-
rases positi\-ely cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1833 PoIK et.. S. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, eingle. three-quarter
or double. *2 25. EASTEKN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st... near Broadway.
SENSATIONAL— Book for men; amusing, mys-
tifying, instructive. Two crnts for postage se-
cures one. William* & Co.. liO Geary St., S.F.
NOW ready — June style* Standard Pattern*;
all the newest designs for eummer goods. J.
W. EVANS. 1021 Market at., near Sixth,
AT less thsn cost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
tailor. 721 Market st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric neftdle. MI£S EATON. 1119 Sutter et.
A— S3 50 DERBY end Fedora hats. $1 75. Popu-
*¦ ler Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE SUITS. *10; «re*s pants. $2 75. MIS FIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna et.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals;, masquerades supplied. 2<t O* Fan-el I.
ACTINA restores the eye* and ears to health.
Sold by A'VIDA. CO., 763 T'alencla. cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc..' permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs. Cook. 420 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 28% Kearny.
TAILOR-MADE eult*. $7 00; dress pante, $2 50.
MUflt Clothing* Parlor, cor. Bugh and Pupont-
ELECTRIC nf^dl* Kperlallst; superfluous hair
and moles destroyed. Mrg.H.Eaton.427 Sutter.
Mrs Brigg* — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1718 Buchanan; tel. West 2S9.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle.Dr.&MrB.Traverec.mOMarket.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; II; at &I1 drngglgta't
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 30c end 25<?. All druggists.
DYFPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN*. North MllTraukee.. Wll. "
k MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
» country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 7SS Mkt.
1)R. LAMOTTE'S FRENCrTcORN PAINT, th«
beet corn cure. 25c: all dniggUrtg. ~'
CLASSIFIED advertisement* and subscription!
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flltaore.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, June 10, 1902, at 2 o'clock, at the
residence rtf his* mother,- 20(5 East . Twelfth
street, East Oakland. Interment- private, j
(C?"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the ' funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1305 Fillmore street. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
THOMPSON — In this city, June 17, 1902, Vic-
tor Thomas, dearly beloved son of Charles
and Mamie Thompson, brother of Marguerite,
Virginia, Myrtle and Charles Thompson, ana
grandson of Thomas and Margaret Tierney,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 year's 0
months and 10 days.
TISCORNIA— In this city, June 17, 1902. Giro-
lomo Tiscornia, beloved husband of the late
• Maria Tiscornia, and beloved father of Emi-
I lia, Paolo, Glrolomo and Maria Tiscornia, a
native of Costa dl Oerli, Italy, aged 44
years. - • . .
TREADWELL — In Berkeley, -June 16, 13C2,
Thalia Treadwell, beloved sister of Mrs.
Maxwell McNutt and Jamea P. and Ivan G.,
Treadwell, need 25 years.
TUBBS — In Sausalito, June 16, 1902, Herman
Allen Tubbs, son of Susan, and the late
, Hiram Tubbs, a native of Oakland, aged 35
years. .
C^Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦
SIMONS— In this city, June 15,. 1902, Isadare
Simons, dearly beloved father o£ Ad, Fred
and Will Simons, Mrs. D. Hagerty, Mrs.
William Bemiss and Mrs. Orosco, a native
ot Mainz. Germany, aged 01 years and 5
months.
. C^Services will take place at his late resi-
dence in MayfleJd Wednesday. June 18, at
10:30 o'clock, thence to Cypress- Lawn Ceme-
tery on noon train. ¦ ¦ •• .
SCOTT— In Butte, Mont., June 16, 1902, Grace
Lillian Scott (formerly Lillian Corwin), wife
of James TVmfleld Scott, and cousin, of
George C. and Charles A; Goe, a native of
\ California, aged 32 years and 2S days.
GT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited .to attend the funeral to-day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, -from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street.
. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SAMMI— In this city. ' June 17. 1902, Anna,
dearly beloved wife of George Samml, and'
devoted mother of George Jr., Emma and
Adele Samml, a native of Bavaria, Germany,
aged 49 years 2 months and 9 days. . ,
SAMUELS— In Maylleld, Cal..- June 15, 1902,
Dr. Edward Hv Samuels, a native of New
Zealand, aged 32. years.! ........¦: .-. :
E^TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral sarvlces
Wednesday, June IS, 1902, at 11 o'clock, at
his late residence, 301 Pennsylvania avenue.
Interment strictly Drlvate.
RICHARDSON— In this city,' June 16, 1902.
Mary C. Richardson, beloved grandmother of
Alfred R. and Arthur D. Stevens,- a native
of Maine 1 , . aged" CO- years' and 11 months.
(Boston papers' please copy.) ¦¦•¦ -.._¦ ¦.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 916 Natoma street, thence to St.
Joseph's .Church, where a' soieTrm requiem
high mass will be celebrated • for the repose
of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS ahd members of Division No. 12,
A.- O. H. in A., are requested to attend the
funeral Of our late brother, Michael J. Mur-
phy, to-morrow (Thursday), at 8:15 o'clock,
from the residence; 916 Natoma street. By
order of THOMAS M. SEAREY, Pres.
REHFUSS— In this city, June 15, 1902, Wil-
helm Julius Rehfuss, dearly beloved husband
of Fredericka, and father of Herman Reh-
fuss, a native of Ach, Wurtemberg, Ger-
many, aged 5tf years 2 months and 24 days.
K^Friends and acquaintances and mem-
' bers of Suddcfutscher Verein and Brewery
Workmen's Union are respectfully invited to
attend ! the funeral to-day (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock... from the . parlors of I Theodor
DIerks, undertaker, 957 Mission street, be-
tween Fifth/and Sixth, where the services
will be held under the auspices of Germania
Ledge No. 1718, K. of H. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ¦„ . .
RICHARDS— In this city, June 15, 1902, Clay-
ton French Richards, beloved husband of
. Annie A. Richards, a native of Red Bank,
,N. J., a#ed 50 years and 7 months. (Phila-
delphia, Pa., and Camden, N. J., papers
please copy.)
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-i
fully- isvited to attend the -funeral
day, June 18, 1902, at, 10 o'clock, from Ma-
sonic Hall, Alameda, under the auspices of
Oak Grove Lodge No. 215, F. and A. M.
Cremation I. O. O. F. Cemetery, : San Fran-
cisco, at 2 o'clock. . " • '
MURPHY— In this city, June 17, 1902, Michael
. J., behjved brother of Daniel and- Thomas J.
Murphy, a Of Ahavrin, County Cork,
Ireland, aged\ 28 years. A • member j of . th"
Eagles, KnighAs ,of Tar$ and .A, O. H.
No. 12. • .-:-.:
(CT Remains at the parlors of the Western
Addition Funeral Directors, 1724 Devisadero
Etreet, between Sutter and Bush. .Funeral
from St. Paul's Episcopal Church, Benicia,
on arrival of train leaving San Francisco to-
morrow (Thursday), at 7 o'clock a: m. •. •
KETCHAM— Iii this city, June 17, 1902, Susan
J. Ketcham (.nee Davidsdn), beloved mother
• of Mrs. G. Forsyth and Mrs. J. Snelling, a
native of Xew York City, aged 65 years 9
months and 2 days. . - -
LEHMAN — In this city, June 17, 1902, Nora,
beloved Wife of James L; Lehman, and
daughter of Mr. * and Mrs. Phillip Trau, a
native of Iowa. - • ¦ - . ;
MUNDWYLER— In Alameda. June 16. 1902,
John F- Mundwyier,' son of John J.' Mund-
wyler of San ¦ Francisco, a native of San
Francisco, aged ' 31 years 4 months- and 4
days. /->.
E?"Funeral from her late residence, 1915
Sacramento street, Wednesday, June 18, at.
9:30 o'clock. /
INNES^In this cityf June 17, 1902, John L.,"
beloved husband of Eleanor Inhes, ahd fatner
of Annie E-, Ethel A. and Percy C. • Innes,
a native of Nova Scotia, aged 56. years ana'
9 months.' ¦ - . ' . ¦ ,. : . - . •"
(EyFriends ana acquaintances are j-espeet-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day,
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valetttf?, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HOYT— On Monday, June 1G, 1902,- Georgiana
M. Hoyt, mother of May Underhin Hqyt,
and daughter of John T. -and Jane Carter,
a native of New York.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Thursday,
• June 19, 1902. at 2:30 o'clock, from. her. late
residence, 928 Magnolia street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
GRIFFIN— Irr this city, June W, 1902, Robert
Griffin, dearly beloved stenson of Mrs. £S.
McClfillan, and loving brother of John Grif-
fin and Mrs. T. P. Owens, a native of. San
Francisco, aeed 37 years 11 months and 15
days.
Pat de Guerrero, Mrs.- B. Atherton, Mrs. A,
Studer. and. Amellta* and John de Guerrero
Jr.,. a native of Chile,. South America, aged
82 years 3 '-months and 9 v days. ' , :
DE SUZA— In. this city, June IT, 1902, James
E. de Suza, dearly beloved son of Margaret
and stenson . of Joseph Guadaloupe, nephew
of Mrs. M. Coifing, and cousin of Michael
and John Hart, ft native of Ban Francisco,
aged 20 years 3 months. and 28 days. -.
DONOHUE— In this city, June 17, 1902, Jere-
miah, dearfy beloved son of Jeremiah and
Jane Donohue, -and brother, of .Margaret,
¦ Mamie and John Donohue, a native of. Eng-
land, ased 25 years. - - i: ;
ICtNotice of funeral he'reafter. .
FRANCE— In this City, June '17, 1902, Angle
Gertrude, beloved Wife of Henry W. France,
daughter of Mr, and Mrs. Hiram E. Hatch,
-and sister of Fred ; Hatch and Mrs. Emma
Ryan of Dexter, Me., a, native of Maine,
aged 20 year3 3 months and 28 days.Mrs. Tracy alleges that all the court
proceedings were the result of the con
f piracy formed by the heirs under the
Will of Davis. She alleges that she knew
nothing of the alleged fraud and deceit
practiced by them until May, 1900. She
now asks that the decrees of partial dis
tribution made from time to time be set
aside on the ground that they were ob-
In June, 1S3S, the matter came up again
before Judge Troutt on a petition to re
vcke the order admitting the will to pro
bate. The petition, -which was signed by
Joseph P. and E. V. Wilson, Catherine
fitead. Anna Childs, Jacob D. Wilson and
Elizabeth Bonifas, was denied and within
a. short time the estate was partially dis
tributed to Mrs. Muir and Mrs. Curtis.
An appeal from- the verdict was taken,
l>ut was never prosecuted for the reason,
jUlepes Mrs. Tracy, that the contestants
received 5100,000 to withdraw "from the
contest.
Davis' will was offered for probate in
1?&6. Its admission was opposed by Jos
eph Wilson, E. V. Wilson and Catherine
Stead, who claimed that the document
v.-as forged. The case, which excited a
great deal of attention, was tried in De
partment 9 of the Superior Court, where.
In August, 1S37, the jury before which it
was tried rendered a verdict declaring
the will valid.
Mrs. Laura E. Tracy, who claims to be
the niece of the merchant and capitalist,
J. Z. Davis, who died here in 1S5C leaving
an estate valued at more than 11,000,000,
is making a determined effort to secure
the Davis wealth. She filed a cult yester
day against Elizabeth Muir and Beile
Curtis, to whom Davis left his property.
cl-iminpr that the will under which they
inherited was forged and that the defend
ants and many others conspired to de
fraud her of her rights. Among those
alieged to have entered into the scheme
ai'e Michaei Flood, H. W. Hawthorne and
T. B. Evans, who served as jurors in
ihe trial of the contest of the will o£
Darts commenced a year after his death.
llrs. Tracy alleges that they became
jurors In order to further the plans of
Mrs. Curtis and Mrs. Muir, who were de
clared the heirs of Davis after a sensa
tional tial.
Laura Tracy Commences
a Suit to Secure the
Davis Estate.
CHARGES FRAUD
AND CONSPIRACY
Is prescribed by the beat physicians as
the most helpful tonic obtainable. Malt-
Nutrine is condensed nutriment of malt
not a dark beer. It is prepared by the
fa^? 0^ 8 , Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n,
which fact guarantees the purity,' excel
lence and merit claimed for it. •
Malt-Nutrine
Tax Collector Smith yesterday dis
missed Deputy George. McCalvy from his
position as a result of the investigation
by the Civil Service Commission into the
charge that McCalvy had obtained $100
from T. Heydenfeldt under false pre
tenses. Smith says he will appoint the
next eligible on the civil service list
which will give the place to Charles K
Broad. ¦ The next two : names are T P
O'Brien and E. J. Casey, who is probate
clerk in the County Clerk's office. Should
three names* be certified Smith will select
either Broad, O'Brien or Casey. -
McCalvy Loses Position.
The trial of Albert Hornlein of the Cafe
Royal, charged with battery upon M.
Fass, was held before Judge Fritz yester
day. Fass declared that when he asked
Hornlein for a dollar Hornlein took hold
of him and kicked him out of the place.'
The defendant and a number of witnesses
testified that Fass was only taken by the
arm and led out of the place. The case
was continued till to-day and Judge jptHz
said that If the defendant could show by
the rules of the club that he had a right
to put Fass out the case would be dis
missed. If he did not have that right he
would only be guilty of technical battery
Only Technical Battery.
Louis Parente, a tailor living at 408
Francisco street, was arrested yesterday
afternoon on a warrant charging him
with exhibiting a deadly weapon in a
rude and threatening manner. The com
plaining witness is his sister-in-law Mrs
Rose Gerard, of 2318 Taylor street. She
alleges that she called upon her sister
yesterday morning and found her with a
black eye. When she accused Parente oC
beating his wife he seized a revolver, she
says, and threatened to shoot her un
less she left the house at once.
Both Parente and his wife deny that
he had a revolver. Mrs. Parente says sha
got the mark on her eye by a small piece
of coal striking it. Parente says he ob
jects to his wife associating with her
sister and^when he found that she had
KOn , e *°Vi th r y esterda y he was angry
and told Mrs. Gerard to keep away from
his house, otherwise he would use force
ful measures. .
on Complaint of Mrs. Hose
Gerard.
Louis Parente, a Tailor, Is Arrested
A. M. Cameron/former lieutenant in the
Fifth Cavalry and later connected with
the Police Department in Manila, ap
peared before Judge Fritz yesterday on a
charge of assault to murder for firing two
shots Saturday j nignt at Fred Hawes,
night clerk in the Winchester House.
Hawes was at nrst disinclined to swear to
a complaint, but finally 'consented.
It was not denied that Cameron fired the
shots, but it was urged for the defense
that ho was liquor-crazed. The shots
were fired into the elevator shaft and it
was claimed that they were fired simply
with the intention of frightening Hawes.
Cameron is dying from tuberculosis and
was on his way from Manila to a sani
tarium in New Mexico with the hope of
prolonging his life when arrested. He
showed numerous letters testifying
to his good character while serving in the
army, in the revenue service and in the
Manila Pollc# Department. His father
was a colonel in thelarmy. -'
Judge Fritz, in view of Cameron's pre
vious good character and his physical
condition, Allowed him to go on his own
recognizance and continued the case for
six months.
sault to Murder, Is Released on
Own Recognizance.
A. M. Cameron, Charged With As-
JUDGE TAKES PITY ON
FORMER ARMY OFFICER
Yosemite Via the Santa Fe.
Call at Santa Fe ticket office, 641 Market
street, for illustrated pamphlet and full par
ticulars. • .
The Quickest and mrtst .convenient way 'In
and out of the Tosemite Valley Is by way of
the Santa Fe. If you leave San Francisco to
day at 9 a. m. on the California Limited you
are in Tosemite to-morrow at 5 v. m.
Suits to Quiet Title.
Frank L. Owen, as assignee in bank
ruptcy of Presley C. Hyman, brought suit
yesterday in the United States Circuit
Court against John Bermfngham to quiet
title to certain lots of land at the inter
section of Seventh -and Channel streets:
The same plaintiff also brought suit
against Henry E.'Bothin and Jennie W.
Bothin, his wife, and the German Savings
and Loan Society to quiet title to part of
two lots at the Intersection of Sacramento
and Leidesdorff streets. ¦¦ ¦• ¦ ;
CLAIMS BROTHER-IN-LAW
AIMED BEVOLVER AT HER
Chief of Police Wittman also filed a re
quest with the Grand Jury that an inves
tigation be held.
Now, if corruption exists as charged, it Is
your plain duty to cause inquiry to be 'mad*.
Moreover, the publication of such accusation
in a public organ, coupled with the. statement
that proof can be made, would seem to be suf
ficient reason why an investigation should be
made. I would respectfully ask that such
action be taken. B. U CADWALADER,
Secretary Police Commission.
Charles Sonntag. Foreman. Grand Jury — De*r
Sir: Acting in pursuance cf instructions re
ceived from the Hon. George A. Newhall, pres
ident of the Board of -Police Commissioners, I
beg leave to call most particularly to your at
tention a newspaper clipping which I Inclose.
The article In question makes the specific
charge that corruption exists in the Police De
partment and that the proofs thereof can b»
effocted by meansf/Of evidence v:hicb it is claim
ed can be furnished on demand.
The Grand Jury decided to make a full
investigation of the charge of a morning
paper that a corruption fund of $8000 ex
ists to purchase protection from the Po
licf: Department by certain illicit places.
The time for the hearing was set for next
Tuesday afternoon, when, a large num
ber of ¦witnesses will be summoned. Ac
tion was taken as the result of the fol
lowing communication received from tho
Police Commissioners: . .
The Grand Jury filed a secret indict
ment yesterday with Superior Judge
Murasky against Fred B. Conway, the
defaulting clerk of Police Judge Mogan's
court. The specific charge found against
Conway Is that of felony embezzlement,
and consists in the alleged misappropria
tion of a fine of $100 paid by Sing Kee for
selling opium. Evidence was given* that
the money was never turned over to Dep
uty County Clerk French.
' Bail was fixed by Judge Murasky in the
sum of $5000, and a bench warrant was
ordered issued for the arrest of Conway,
who has disappeared.
His wife and- daughter do not believe
that he committed suicide, for they say
he could have no motive in doing so. He
was a native of Nova Scotia, 56 years old,
and had been employed as a salesman for
Main & Winchester.
John L. Innes of 1317 Clay street was
found asphyxiated In bed yesterday morn
ing. His wife called to awaken him and
found him dead with the gas partly
turned- on. * \. ,
John L. Innes Asphyxiated.
Ida M. Brunsing and her husband,
Peter T. Brunsing, filed a suit for $12,
000 damages for personal injuries against
the Independent Electric Light and Pow
er Company yesterday.- They allege that
through the carelessness of the defend
ant corporation in falling to place a rail
ing around an excavation made by its em
pioyes on Valencia street Mrs. Brunsing
walked into it, receiving injuries that
confined her to her home for five weeks.
Say Company Was Careless.
A list of the newest books, will be mailed
by Cooper & Co.. 746 Market street. •
Commission Demands Inves
tigation Into Charge of
Corruption.
In order to make room for the St Louis
clothing that will arrive here about July 1,
all of the Hirschman clothing will have
to be sold. Men's all wool suits and
overcoats, worth $15. for $5.85 at the Ly
ceum, 915 Market street, opp. Mason •
tained by fraud; that the property and
the income derived from it since 1S96 be
declared in trust for her and that she be
adjudged the. sole heir of Davis.
Only Two Weeks Left.
Police Court Clerk Must
Answer Charge of
Felony.
N. E. A. Convention, $84 90, San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, joing direct lines,
returning Northern Pacific Railway. On sale
July 1 and 2, good sixty days. Only requires
six days tor entire trip through Yellowstone
National Park. Just the season to visit "Na
ture's Greatest "Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "North Coast Limited," is unex
celled by any other. Seeing is believing. T.
K. Stateler, general agent. 647, Market St., S. F.
Cheap Rates to Minneapolis, Minn.
GRAND JURORS
INDICT CONWAY
Martin Stevens claimed that as Mrs.
Baker is not personally interested In the
fcuit she has no need of a representative.
George D. Collins, who is the attorney
for Minerva' Parlor, strove to adjust mat
ters by acknowledging Stevens, but his
interference only served to arouse the ire
of Nougues. Nougues promptly accused
Collins of being in the case only for the
purpose of collecting a fee. Collins re
torted that Nougues was not in it at all
and requested him to retire and ensconce
himself in the tall grass.
The case was postponed Until Friday in
order to give Stevens time to familiarize
himself with the question in dispute.
This is the second time that the matter
has been postponed. It was postponed
Monday because the representative of the
Grand Parlor did not put in an appear
ance.
The dispute which for many months
past has been brewing between the Grand
Parlor of Native Daughters and Minerva
Parlor over the granting of a charter to
Genevieve Parlor has even embroiled the
lawyers representing the factions. When
the matter came up for argument yester
day Attorney Charles Nougues and Attor
ney Martin Stevens had a spirited dispute
over who was to have the honor of rep
resenting the Grand Parlor. Nougues'
ciaim to the distinction is based on the
fact that Peter F. Dunne, with whose of
fice he is connected, is the attorney of
Mrs. Genevieve Baker, and that as Mr.
Dunne is at present out of the city tho
duty of looking after the past grand
president's interests in the case devolves
upon him.
Who Shall Represent the
Grand Parlor.
Nougnes and Stevens Disagree as to
ATTORNEYS FOE- NATIVE
DATJGHTERS HAVE DISPUTE
Charles Soxton.a messenger boy with the
American District Telephone Company, was
sentenced to thirty days' imprisonment in
the County Jail by Judge Fritz yesterday
on a charge of petty larceny. He an
swered a call Monday to a house on
Taylor street and received a dispatch to
bo sent East and a dollar for charges. An
answer to the dispatch did not come as
expected and inquiry -elicited the fact
that Soxton had torn up the message and
kept the dollar. J. M. Corcoran, the
manager of the company, said that boys
were in the habit of doing that sort of
thing and he wanted an example made of
Soxton. , .. , -
Messenger Boy Goes to Jail.
According to the complaint filed by
Mrs. Weisman. Mrs. MorriU and the
T\ inks have conspired for the purpose
of ruining her reputation. She alleges
that they have circulated rumors that she
"would settle the case out of court" and
that she "would compromise with Mrs.
Morrill." all of which, alleges Mrs. Weis
man, is a base fabrication.
The Morrills, Mrs. Weisman and the
Winks are very bitter toward each
other, judging from the complaints filed
by Mrs. Weisman and Mrs. Morrill. Ac
cording to Mrs. Morrill. Mrs. Weisman
won Dr. Morrill's affections and induced
him to leave his home and travel about
the State with her, ending their travels
by a trip to Honolulu, where, alleges Mrs.
Morrill. they remained for three months.
They returned to San Francisco and Mor
rlll brought a suit for divorce, charging
Mrs. Morrill with Infidelity. Morrill failed
to prove his charges and a divorce was
refused him. His wife commenced the
action for damages against Mrs. Weis
man, who filed an answer, denying Mrs.
Morrill's charges.
Mrs. Hugh "Weisman, who two months
ago was sued for $50,000 damages for
alienating the affections of Dr. F. B. Mor
rill from his wife. Nellie F. Merrill, by
the latter, filed a suit for $25,000 damages
for slander against Mrs. Morrill and Mr.
and Mrs. G. F. Wink yesterday. Mrs.
AVeisman alleges that since the com
mencement of Mrs. Morrill's suit she and
her friends, the Winks, have circulated
stories about her, greatly to her discom
fort and damage.
Sues Mrs. Nellie Morrill
for $25,000 Damages
for Slander.
MRS. H. WEISMAN
IS VERY ANGRY
CF. RICHARDS, a pioneer. drug
merchant of this city, died last
Sunday afternoon at his resi-
O dence, SOI ' Pennsylvania ave
nue. Death was due to apo
plexy, and was entirely unexpected.,Rich
ards had but recently returned from a.
trip to Yosemite Valley, and up to the
time of his death was apparently in the
best of health. Besides being well known
in the business world, he was also known
in literary circles, as in years past he had
frequently contributed short stories and
poems to the Golden Era and^Alta Cali
fornia, pioneer publications of nhis State.
Richards was born in Redbank, N. J.,
in 1842, and came to California in 1S62. He
was probably best known to the people
of this city in connection with the drug
business, which he conducted for thirty
years at the corner of Clay and Sansome
streets. Recently he removed to 406 Clay
street.
He leaves a wife and four children. The
funeral will be held to-day.
The officials of the Western National
Bank have assured the police that they
will aid in every way if it is determined
to prosecute Block for what he did In this
city. It is possible, however, that Block
may be surrendered to Eastern authori
ties, where his operations assumed great
er magnitude than they did in San Fran
•cisco.
The police believe that there will be no
difficulty in proving that Stone and Block
are the same person, although the prison
er claims that the drafts were given him
by another man and that he believed them
to be genuine.
In some respects the prisoner is rather
remarkable. He is well dressed and has
handsome jewelry, and when searched at
the City Prison had $1700 in currency on
his person. He maintains an absolute
silence, regarding himself and hi3 previous
movements, and no amount of questioning
can draw from him any admissions. • Tlje
detectives have not been able to locate
his stopping place in this city, but when
they do they expect to get conclusive evi
dence against him.
A telegram from the National Hotel
keepers' Association at New York, re
ceived yesterday by Captain Martin, ,ask
ed that John O. Stone be held for numer
ous fraudulent transactions, and stating
that Cashier Clark of the Palace would
know the particulars. Clark was unable
to throw any light on the case when ques
tioned last night.
Investigation of the records taken in
connection with papers found on the pris
oner convince the police that Block is
one of a gang which has been victimizing
hotel keepers and banks through the
Southern and Middle Western States for a
year past. They are said to have cleared
up $75 000 by their operations.
On the prisoner's person were found a
number of drafts for large sums on banks
in Indianapolis, Cleveland, New York and
other cities, payable to R. M. Jones, G. A.
Graves, John O. Stone and other names.
These names in! many instances corre
spond with those on bogus drafts drawn
in the name of the Earl Fruit and Pro
duce Company of California, on the Amer
ican Bank and Trust Company of San
Francisco and the First National Bank of
San Jose. These drafts have been scat
tered broadcast throughout the United
States, and fully $100,000 has been realized.
The swindle has been going on foe many
months past, and the police of nearly all
the large cities in the United States have
been endeavoring unsuccessfully to locate
the criminals. On the back of one of the
drafts found on the prisoner was written
the name of the Earl Fruit and Produce
Company. . •• ;
According to the police, Block came to
San Francisco about two weeks ago and
at once commenced laying his plans lor
a, large banK swindle, jtie selected tne
western iNational Bank as a victim and
a tew days ago opened an account there
by depositing $17i>. .Later he deposited a
draft for $1000 pn the Springrield National
Bank of bpringfleld, Mass., payable to J.
O. fatone, and two cnecKs aggregating |9uO
on the Bank of Santa Clara at San Jose.
Against this account he drew a check
last Saturday for $35, which was paid, -and
on Monday he presented a check for $20U0.
which, nearly exhausted his credit, but
which the bank officials refused to cash.
In the meantime they had telegraphed to
the Sprinttgeld, Mass., bank and ascer
tained that the $1000 draft was forged, and
Monday afternoon the two checKs came
back from San Jose protested. The police
were, immediately notified and the detec
tives promptly located Block and took
him into custody.
Shortly- after he was arrested a telegram
was received from the city marshal of
Springfield. Mass., asking for the arrest
of J. O. Stone, and giving a description
that exactly suited Block. From this it
is supposed that the Springfield bank has
already been victimized by him, and that
he is known there. •
As was published exclusively in The
Call,- the arrest of J. Block by Detectives
George McMahon and Ross Whittaker
Monday night has developed into an im
portant capture. Block was taken in cus
tody at the request of Cashier Scott of the
Western National Bank of this city, and
his identity 'and , the reason for his de
tention were carefully suppressed by the
police until last night, when Captain- of
Detectives Martin gave publicity to the
facts in the case.
The point of respondents is correct and la
supported by authority. Under out theory of
government, there is no property right in an
of flee; offices are considered to subserve the
public interests and are not for the benefit
of the occupant thereof, and when the term
is not fixed by law, there is no reason why the
power to appoint should not also possess the
power to remove at its pleasure and such as
shown, has been the practice.
Dr. Sponogle was appointed superin
tendent of Agnews Insane Asylum on
April 25. 1S97. On August 23, 1833, he was
dismissed without a hearing and Dr. J.
H. Crane put in his place. Sponogle made
a petition to the Superior Court of Santa
Clara county for a writ of certiorari
compelling the managers of the asylum
to reinstate him. The petition was denied
and an appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court. The contention of the appellant
was that he could not legally have been
removed except for cause and after
charges had been preferred and he had
been given an- opportunity to make re
ply and, secondly, that his term of office
having once been appointed, was for four
years. The managers claimed on the
other hand that the law which denies the
right of removal except for cause was
unconstitutional and, in regard to the
length of the term of office, that the
lunacy law of 1897 superseded all pre
vious enactments on the subject. The
Supreme Court sustains the position of
the managers as follows:
I concur in the Judgment. The Injunction
order In Crowley vs. Freud prohibits the Civil
Service Commission from holding examinations
or the employes of the Recorder — such as copy
ists and stenographers — as well as his deputies.
The Recorder is therefore driven to the neces
sity of employing such assistants without civil
service examinations or not at all: and unless
such employes can be paid, the business of the
office would be practically suspended. I do not,
however, think that the employes referred to
are deputies within the meaning of the law;
nor is it necessary to so hold in order to
affirm the Judgment. •
The dispute as to the status of copy
ists was raised by Treasurer Brooks in
refusing to pay W. H. Garnett for one
month's labors in the Recorder's office.
The position of several other employes in
the same office depended on the settle
ment of the dispute. The Supreme Court
affirms without reservation the Judgment
of the lower court and quotes a large
part of the former decision as the ground
work for its own opinion.
In the case of Crowley vs. Freud, the
Supreme Court declared that the deputies
of the Recorder could not be appointed
by the Civil Service Commission. In the
piesent case the contention of the com
mission was that copyists are not depu
ties. It is held by the court that depu
ties need not "be considered in any nar
row sense, but are in reality any and all
subordinates in any county office. The
opinion is written by Justice McFarland,
with whom Chief Justice Beatty and Jus
tices Garoutte and Temple directly con
cur. Jjustice Van Dyke writes the follow
ing concurring opinion:
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that the Recorder and not the Civil Ser
vice Commission has the right to apooint
copyists in the office of the former and
that the Treasurer must cash the salary
•warrants of such employes. The Board
of Manager a of the Agnews State Hos
pital for the Insane were also upheld in
ousting Dr. F. M. Sponogle from the su
perintendency of that .institution in 18tt9.
Papers Pound on Him Indi
cate That He Has a
Remarkable Record.
Managers of Agnews Asylum
v Are Upheld in Removing
Dr. Sponogle.
Recorder's Copyists Are
Legally Declared to
Be Deputies.
Police' Convinced He Is
Widely Known as
a Swindler..
BELIEVE BLOCK
A FAMOUS CROOK
SUPREME COURT
ENDS DISPUTES
THE SAN FBANGISOO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JUNE ] 8, 1902.
SUDDEN DEATH
OF A PIONEER
DRUG MERCHANT
12
PIONEER DRUG MERCHANT
WHO EXPIRED SUDDENLY
IN THIS CITY.
Women's Suits.
BIGGEST. M ONEY'S WORTH
OFFERED THIS SEASON.
The maker never intended that these
. eults should sell at', bargain prices. But
the unfavorable season left 1 him with an
overstock. • ; He became i anxious and took
the fihort road to comfort by turning them
over to ua at a very liberal price conces-
sion. To draw*»a-i type picture of- their
beauty and elegance would' be,.' a < task as
hard as that which ; inspired;- the phrase,
"Painting tho Illy." But here's a hint of
the kinds and. prices: •- :."•/.
STY.LISH PEBBLE CHEVIOT SUITS—
Taffeta-lined - Eton jacket, with rolling
collar, trimmed with band* of peau.de
sole; new, model full-flare ¦'. skirt, hand-'
somely strapped wltlHpe&u,de sole; worth
$22 50; now. ......... .'. . :. ; . .'. ..... .flu
HANDSOME CHEVIOT SUITS— Blue or
black; Eton Jacket, with moire gllk vest;
silk lined; trimmed wlth-bands of moire:
full-flare skirt,, trimmed '..with bands of
moire to hlD to trive a' yoke' Effect; lined
with spun glHP.K ; worth $27 ?i0; now.. JjJUO
BEAUTIFUL : BROWN ETAJIINE SUITS
—Gibson jacket, with bell eleeves and
•silk cuffs; full-flounce skirt with silk
drop; entire suit trimmed, with straps of
taffeta; worth | $37 50 r How;".* ..;... .$ 3O
ELEGANT HOPSACKINO v SUITS— Tan.
I blue.or black; Gibson blouse, withpop-
*\ lin and latest Gibson -sleeves; lined with
a best taffeta; «klrt> is -'made .with a yoke
v effectj and • silk • drop: ¦ jacket and skirt
trimmed with straps of moire ellk; worth
$55; _now r .i . . ..JJ537.5O
' We Have Stated Very Conservative-
ly the Value of These Suits, as we
Want the' Barga'ns. to Prove Better
in Realization Than Anticipation.
THE FURRIER *-
219 Grant Avenue
| OF THE SEASON.
10,000 YARDS.
The largest single uurcliase of Fancu Silks
ever brought to San Francisco, being the
complete stock of this class of silks of one of
the leading importing houses In America,
The entire lot will he offered on MONDAY,
June 16th, at
7ti r^f per
K^)%*J yard.
The assortment of ahove silks includes Black
Taffeta, with Persian satin egual stripes, one
of this season's novelties ; monotone effects, in
Warp Print Taffeta, with satin stripes, in Old
Rose, Reseda, NavUr Jasper Grau and Pastel
effects, 1 clouded effects, in Taffeta, with black
satin stripes, in Brown, Black, Navu, Violet,
Tan and Jasper grounis, The former prices
of these goods were $2,00 and $1.50 uard.
750 dozen LADIES 1 FINE SWISS EMBROID-
ERED BAND COLLARS, 50 different join Conh
patterns- IZ2G tdGIl
Former prices 25c, 35c and 4Oc.
• . ' . . ; , ¦ j
Our Mall Order Department is v most complete. All
orders for samples op goods filled and shipped same
dau tneg are received.
UK 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
ADVEBTISSHENTS.
Warm baths with Cuticura Soap, to cleanse the skin of crusts and scales
and soften the thickened cuticle, gentle anointings with Cuticura Oint-
ment, to instantly allay itching, irritation, and inflammation, and soothe and
heal, to be followed in the severer cases by mild doses of Cuticura Resol-
vent-Pills (6ee below), to cool and cleanse the blood, are all that can be
desired for the alleviation of the suffering of skin-tortured infaLcs and/
children and the comfort of worn-out, worried mothers; A single set cost-
ing 51.00 is often sufficient to cure when the best physicians fail.
Millions of Women Use Cuticura Soap
Assisted by Ccticcra Odttmest, for preserving, purifying, and beautifying the skin, for
tieansing the scalp of crusts, scales, and dandruff, and the stopping of falling hair, for
softening, whitening, and soothing red, ronrh, and 6ore hands, for baby rashes, itchings,
and cha&Dgs, in the form of baths for annoying irritations and inflammations, or too free
or offensive perspiration. In the form of washes for ulceratiye weaknesses, and for many
sanative, antiseptic purposes which readily suggest themselves to women, especially
motliers, and for ail tne purposes of the toilet, bath, and nursery.
' CcncTBA Resolvent Pills (Cbocolat© Coated) are prepared to meet the wants of
¦women and children, and are pure, sweet, tasteless, and odorless: They are beyond ques-
tion the most successful skin and blood purifiers and humour cures yet compounded, and
especially appeal to all having tne care of children.
CrTrrrsA Rixzdim are sold throuehont the vsrldi Soap. 25e-, OrTTVisr. JWe.. Fnxs, 25c. ErlUth Dcpoti
27-2S. Chirterhoiue fcq., Losdra. French Drpot : t Rue de ta Faiz, Paria. Potxeb Bt.cn .urs Ouxic Coar-
bole Prcpa., Bouon, U. 8. A. ?' .All aixrat tie Skin, Swip. and Hair." free. ¦
Something for Mothers to Think About
EVERY CHILD born into the world with an inherited
or early developed tendency to distressing, disfiguring
humours of the skin, scalp, and blood, becomes an object
of the most tender solicitude, not only because of' its suf-
fering but because of the dreadful fear that the disfigura-
tion is to be lifelong and mar its future happiness and
prosperity. Hence it becomes the duty of mothers of
such afflicted children to acquaint themselves with the
best, the purest, and most effective treatment available,
viz., THE CUTICURA TREATMENT.
I The most' wonder-
I ful instrument the
if world has ever known
I is the Knabe piano I
I Musicians the world
I over are indorsing it I
8 and using.it. Perfect
S ; in every detail of the
I piano - maker's art.
Not an experiment,
¦ but a time-tried in-
strument.
The Knabe will serve
you a lifetime, it will serve
as a memory to you after
you are gone, it will serve
I for more than one genera-
tion and it will serve you
well. J
, The, Knabe to pianos is
as gold is to metals, the
standard to ' iudge by.
Nothing better. none
quite so cood as the peer-
less Knabe.
_/
! iSWS> Wrrcl 1 ,3>t.
1 yica-g^^trodi tctgn,_j
119 TAYLOR— 1100 McALLJSTER ST.
two busy Stores—
three busy days.
MASON FRUIT- JABS, genuine;
pints, doz. 51c; quarts, Olc; Wednes-
day.
JELLY GLASSES, WITH COVERS,
DOZ 25C.
BEST TABLE BUTTEJbt. choice
creamery, square. 34c; taste at store;
usually 40c.
GELATINE ALL 12 l-2c BRANDS
3 FOR 25c. ;, )
FRESH EGGS, guaranteed, dozen.
2Oc, large white; usual, 23c; Thursday.
WOOL SOAP. 10c SIZE, 6 FOR 25c.
TONIC PORT WINE. 10 years old.
gal. 81.15; once a luxury; now an econ-
omy; par excellence in the highest; usu-
ally |1.75.
SAND SOAP, 8 CAKES 25c.
FINEST RED, SALMON, Alaska,
pound cans, 3 for 25c; latest pack; usual
12^c.
BEST MACARONI, 5 LBS. 25c.
FRAGRANT TEAS. 10 kinds, pound
38c; teas that refresh; tea store price
60c; our regular 50c.
BEST BOILED HAM, POUND 25c7
See Weekly List Cut Frice3 at Stores.
w> w-r rrr
All-wool Suits to Crdsr J&W
Fine Dressy Suits to JiBpidraa
$20.00. IslilpH
Pants 64.50 up. wpplil 5?
Joe Poheim, fir^
THE TAILOR, Wllf
1110 and 1112 Market St. W*f
201 and 203 Mont'y St. Wla
113 South Spring St., lili^B^
Perfect Fit Guaranteed
or No Sale. |p^>*^
_
Missouri Pacific Railways
Through service dally to
Kansas City and St Louis
via Scenic Route. New
observation cafe cars.
Meals a la carte.
£2rir«i Ea8tera Points. For full information
•duress
I* M. FLETCHER.
19« n »t« Pacific Coast Agent.
¦ IZB California St.. San PVanclsco. Cat.
15OTTQTJI7C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
On. U OJlLJLiO «"»• bootblacks. b*t>v
** bouses, billiard tablew
orewera, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmilla, 'foundries, laundries, papes-
bangers, printers, painters, shoe factorts*.
•taDlemen. tar- roofers, tanners, tailors, etc;
_ bUCHA^A.i BROS..
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramanta St
's^HftBtk* WeakEjre«Strenfcthened.t^
*A*?% Painful or Inflamed eje» la- *
55SS8S2& rtantly relieved with CSORQtf
*>SOCp UATEKLE'8 Oermaa Ky«
yffiEM& Water, 60c. *t 1071 Mark**
V ff Wk N tt. Teh South BT2. Non» !•»••
— ¦ ma* witaout tals tradenurtk
Now is the time to buy your dress goods wants
while the closing-out sale is on. Thousands of dollars'
worth of high-grade merchandise being sold, in many
instances, at less than manufacturers' cost. If you want
a new dress or even contemplate one within the next
| two or three months, by all means get the goods while '
you can save at least 33 1-3 per cent on them.
Both stores are serving the greatest crowds we have
ever served in our history, yet every one is waited upon,
for we have plenty of help and facilities.
Dress goods, wash goods, sheets, pillow-cases,
blankets, ribbons, laces, gloves, trimmings, veilings, un-
derwear, ready-made suits, jackets, silk waists, shirt
waists— all in the very latest styles, bought for this
I summer's trade, now selling at tremendous reductions.
THIS IS THE GREATEST SALE THAT SAN
FRANCISCO HAS EVER KNOWN. REMEMBER
THAT DRESS GOODS AND DOMESTICS ARE
SOLD ONLY AT MARKET-STREET STORE— all
other goods for sale at both stores.
\4zz0 -izzz Mai-Rct^^tll^i^^^fe^
*- - " " "' ' si/
AJVEBTISE2IENTS.