a FTER considerable acrimonl-,
ous discussion^. the /'striking*.
/¦^ carmen and the officials of the.
y mm^L United Railroads of San Fran-
>A> cisco niet for/the '¦« first' .time
* , • sincp the strike was declared..
in the offices of the /company k
yesterday afternoon. The 'demands 'of .the'
union carmen were formally presented,
but no action thereon was ; taken. The par
ties to -the controversy.' separated; .with
tho ; understanding that v the " company
would file its; reply -to-day "i . : . ; V > .
There was a materlariiltch In. the .pro
ceedings, of the day when the company
sent Its' refusal' to meet the 'committee of
strikers, in the office of Mayor Schmltz.
The company. Insisted that the conference,.
if held at all, must convene In Its offices,
and. not in those of the Mayor of San
Francisco! The members of the, "union
committee were Inclined to resent. this at
first, they holding- that the Mayor's of
fice was neutral ; ground, : and- that ..the'
company ought in reason to accept 'the in
vitation of the Mayor. . A disposition man
ifested itself to refuse to meet the com
pany at its, own. offices, but during the
afternoon It was decided to me'et the com
pany In accordance with its request. -
MEETING WAS CORDIAL.
The meeting of the strikers'; committee
and officials was cordial, to all /appear
ances. . The directors seemed desirous of
doing all in^thelr power to arrive at an
early and' satisfactory agreement, .arid
when the union demands were submitted
they were read and; informally discussed.-
The directors said, they desired time '/to ;
consider the matter further, aiid f the par- 1
ties, to the big strike separated with the
implied understanding that some decisive
action /upon • the- demands" as^ presented
would betaken to-day. . / .'.; •• /• ¦ . -. -'. , .'¦',.
• The demands made by the carmen have
received the; indorsement; of .'Mayor
Schmltz, who " says : they arc. just' arid rea
sonable. Just how/the" directors ' of ¦ '• the
railway corporation regard , them' is , un-
DEMANDS MAY
OCCASION
DELAY.
Continued on Page Five.
Continued on Page Tour*
Continued on Page Four.
CHICAGO, April 23.-A special train on
the Santa Fe road left here: to-night for
California with 350 members of the Inde
pendent Order of Foresters, 200 of whom
were from Montreal and Toronto. Special
trains for delegates to the General Feder
ation of Women's Clubs, which meets in
Los Angeles May 1, will leave here to
morrow and the next day. The Santa Fc
has had to make very extensive arrange
ments- for hauling a heavy volume of
business between now and the 27th, .when
thirty-five trains will.be required to carry
"West the people who are going j to -.the
gatherings of the women's clubs and the
Foresters. The delegates of the women's
clubs from Iowa," Illinois, "Wisconsin, Ohio
and Pennsylvania are to meet ', here and
go West' on the Santa' Fe, epending an
hcur in the GrandCanyori en route.
Many People Coming West.
,' .-The. Ma> on said he did not> see anything
radical in.', the ;demands and commended
th& arbitration:. clause .in the submitted
agreement.'..' He was of /the opinion that
the .'demands were "very. fair r whereupdn
Knox .moved -that the .men" refuse to at
*tend a conference at, the company's office
urging '.thaLi tiey, ; the > strikers; . had .some
fcellns'in. this matter as well as-the cbm-
INibORSEI) BY.^ MAYOR.
-..-It' was the^Vnse. of the. brotherhood tc
refuse to'. go to] headquarters to^settle th9
differences: ; They demanded; he said, neu-.
trar ground. .' / • " > ' ' y'/.'"
'£i Knox- then, handed to the'Maj v or the .de
mands,upon 'company, published else
where In> this, issue, which; he = saldi""askei
"for ; nothing ~but ; what -was ¦ eqtji table : and
'therefore reasonable:*' .. . '
the 'press.'
'company's representatives need be afraid
to- meet the people's .City-^Hallj- a
quest ; of the 'striking men. which, would,
he^ was ?ure, meet with the sympathy.- and
the support 'of : the! citizens,, of San Fran
cisco. : He /obiected to holding the ' meet
ing, at.' the .'company's- offices, : where "' the
company's ''stenographers, he\ submitted,
could take" down ' notes' and. twist them
and give |them- out In'-their own. way .'to
At. 10 a.m. a sub-epmnjittee represent-"'
ing/the v striking ; . carmen .- met' at th«
Mayor's, , to - receive the", answer . c f
the railroad' company, as toT a., joint mWt
inp which- might' enable ',\ both 'sides * to
come to an| amicable understanding. The
men Vere "represented c.by,'. 1 H.- A:; Knox.
who acted :¦ as . spokesman ; O: Af Lop'p"*. M.
O'Dowd/'G.< B. ;IIuj?gins, ; W. Shafer anil
C.';( S. : , Herron. • i.Thore ;, were 4 also . about
twenty jother- strikers'.' present..' "'.' •'¦
¦ "Mayor ;Schmltz, ih"-"'recelvlngVtlie'"com
mittee, said '-ihc'v regretted .- to/announc?
that the ; company,^ was" splittlng'.hair.s 'as
to the place of "meeting," a matter 'wWch
• :• " ; public; yesterday. - There , was
considerable hesitation, by both' sides to
yield the ; right to/ dictate ; the place ¦ of
meeting, the company .insisting \ t he ' con
ference should be', held In 'its offices and
the strikers>.maintainlngithat the prpppr
place; was- Mayor Schmltz's ofnee. In the
interests of .harrriony! however,' the car
men finally yielded and the /confereiu'e
was held" in , the offices :of the company
late, in "the .afternoon." '• .' ' . i , .:- V ¦;
p m *HE - conference ;. between '• the
(& :striklng carmen and the., offi
fg clals' of the United Railroads of
B; San Francisco* was "the absorb-
' • ;.' ing .topic .of interest to, the
1-As-Etated yesterday"- we.-shal|f take. mu,ch_
pleasure . in . meeting, a;- committee , representing
our rmp'nj'ed'srid'at.tM office of the company
at the yWells-Fargo building. •/;•;¦>' ¦. ¦
'.'¦ We shall be; slad to 1 , «W such; a; coramlttf e ; at
10' o'clock: this morning 'or "at'any ¦"other' time
that/may be, more/ convenient." : Respectfully.'....
united; railroads- of'san fkancisco.
;*, By". the. Executive" Committee of the .Board of
Directors. ' ' . ..¦ •¦¦;.•¦,; '.'..•'¦; ,. • ¦'
! . [Attest : ¦ ; OjKO. F. W ILLCUTT, : Secretary. '
v '. San Francisco, April 23.''-. ' '• / '•,'¦" '
-; ; ; CABMEN vTKOTEST. <:
After r the / reading, 'of the: communlca' r
tlbn by;the Mayor Harry ; A. ;,Knox on. be
half of- the meriprotested_ that, while/ they;
were vjilliiig and anxious' tojmeet theirep-'
resent'atives of 'the, company 'they ;;(tlu
men)".werc ; : not asklns too;,, much "when
they /desired., that, thft [conference ..should'
bc ; held in -the' office I of the .Mayor 'of '¦ Sun'
Francisco; which! he .contended,, was neu
traP; ground." ; lie could ,not sec'whyCttit 1
."The Mayor •.then ' read :the following 1
'communication, received from the com
pany: .'/"_,. -. ..,¦:::•'/¦' / ¦ .;/.> •'.'.. ! '*;
;'.'¦ His: Honor, Eugene E.> Schmltz, ; Mayor': of
San Francisco— Sir:;. We, v b*g' to. own receipt
this t". morning .of your letter~of ; last evening. \,
he felt ought not. to stand in the way of
a speedy, settlement! .'¦ .,.'...' -\~ '
pany. feelings which he felt should b«
respected. Again he urged that nowhere
else should the conference be held other
than/ In, the 'Mayor's office.
. The Mayor said that if there was any
objection. to the conference being held In
his office.- then he would suggest that it
take .place tn any. other neutral place*
agreeable '. to the parties concerned and
rfgaln" expressed his deep regret that th»
company should ' stand out against- the
fair proposition of the men. He had hoped
that the company's representatives would
have, met "them that morning as asked,
when the matter might have been settled
and the men returned to work.
-Richard 'Cornelius said It seemed to him
that there' was no place more «afe for
the conference . than the office of tha
Mayor of the city and moved a resolution
that the conference be held in the Mayor's
office. W. G. Burton took the position
suggested by the Mayor that any othtr
office for the conference, so that It was
neutral ground, would meet with the sup
port of the men. Knox tnen desired to
say that it- would seem like weakening
for them to . go to the company's offices.
Carmen and Officials of the United Railroads Meet,
Discuss Demands and Adjourn Without Action.
CONFERENCE OB THE STRIKING CARMEN ANd THE OFFIGIALS OF /TrlE UNITED RAILROADS
What I eaid made a distinction between two
classes of people — the first, the demagogues,
who did not believe what they were ' saying ;
the other, the class of people to which the se
nior Senu tor from Massachusetts belongs, who
did believe 'what they were saying; were per
fectly sincere, but were suffering from over
heated consciences — that la, they were too sin
cere. Instead of criticizing Senator Hoar, I in
tended to pay him a compliment on. being so
slftce're. j In regard to my leave of absence,
I made the application one evening, but "de
partment matters came up the next morning
that made It Impossible for me to leave here.
Therefore I telegraphed withdrawing my ap
plication made the night before, and before f.he
W*r Department had time to act upon It. Th*
banquet of the Middlesex Club In Boston is to
be glvpn April 20. I received within one week
ten telegrams— three in one day — urging me to
attend. Senator Lodge was very anxious for
me^to come. As you understand I cannot dis
cuss any order I Jiave received or may receive.
So far I have received the order only through
the newspapers, not. officially. I had decided
to talk no further of the Philippine question.
I have nothing to retract, but I. can't refer to
these things without my blood boiling, and I
have, therefore, concluded that the safest pol
icy 16 to avoid the subject. I have had my say
and the people know my sentiments. I have no
desire to harp upon them.
DENVER, Colo.; April 23.— General Fun
ston, referring to the order from .'Wash
ington directing him not to discuss •, thy
Philippines, dictated the following state
ment to-dav: •¦ .
EXPLAINED BY FUNSTON.
The President is determined to stop the
discussion of ' public questions by/ army
and navy officers, and' the reprimand ad
ministered to General Funston' was made
public both for the additional punishment
which publicity involves and to show of
ficers of the two services that they. must
keep within the bounds of propriety if
they desire to escape official rebuke.
A" copy of the letter was sent to eSn
ator Hoar, who. it Is understood, ex
pressed satisfaction with the action
taken and announced that he. was willing
to let the matter drop.
Brigadier General Funston, Commanding De
partment of Colorado, Denver, Colo.
"WAR DEPARTMENT. WASHINGTON.
April 22.— Sir: I am directed by the President
to Instruct you that he -wishes you to cease
further public discussion of the situation in the
Philippines, and to also express his regret that
you should make a Senator of ¦ the United
States the object of your criticism or discus
sion. Very respectfully, ' -
WILLIAM CARET SANGER.
Acting Secretary of War.
MUST STOP DISCUSSION.
Senator Hoar is understood to have
been deeply 'off ended by General .Fun
ston's criticism, and the administration,
learning of his dissatisfaction, 'decided 'to.
take General Funst<oiKtd accounts, "-in ac-'
cordarice' with : irustrtrctiohf^glven- byrth*
Coionel Sanger, acting' Secre
tary of War,., sent this letter ! to-day to
General Funston: '¦¦-':.:
"I have only sympathy for the senior
Senator from Massachusetts, who is suf
fering from an overheated conscience."
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 23.— Brigadier
General Frederick FunEton, who captured
Aguinaldo, has been reprimanded by the
President for indiscreet discussion of the
Philippine question, and reflections upon
Senator Hoar of Massachusetts. The
President has further shown his dissatis
faction with General Funston by Refus
ing to grant him permission to deliver
an address . before the Middlesex Club of
Boston. I The action of the President fol
lowed a perusal of the speeches which
have been recently made by General Fun
ston. At the banquet of the Colorado
Sons of the Revolution General Funston,
referring to the Philippine insurrection,
is reported to have made this statement
concerning Senator Hoar:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Captor of Aguinaldo
Takes Medicine
Gracefully.
Unpleasant Action Is
Due to Criticism ...
of Hoar.
President Indicts an
Order to Stop
Talking.
MUZZLES
GENERAL
FUNSTON
CHAFFEE
GIVEN HIS
OWN WAY
Obtains Permission
to Wage War on
the Moros.
Asked to Endeavor to
Prevent General
Conflict
Danger of an Uprising
of Ail Philippine
Mohammedans.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
TV.. WASHINGTON. April 23.-General
Chaffee is to have a free hand in dealing
¦with the warlike Moros in the island of
Mindanao. Though expected to exhaust
every resource of peaceful negotiation he
is to be allowed to carry on a war against
them If necessary to bring them to terms.
This in brief is the policy of the ad
ministration, as revealed by official cor-
respondence between the War Department
and Major General Chaffee, made public
to-day.
The correspondence begins with the
cablegram given out last week, dated Ma
nila, April 13, in which General Chaffee
recites the killing of the first American
soldier near Malabang and the forming
of an expedition under Baldwin to arrest
the murderers. In answer to this the
following dispatch was sent:
WASHINGTON. D. C. April 20, 1902.—Chaf
fe», Manila: Expedition ordered under Bald
win will not leave coast until you hear from
bere. This will not. however, Interfere with
complete preparation. CORBIN.
ASKED TO AVOID WAS.
<3lf-AprIl"i2 the following "tcferam was
sent: . . '¦'.'.
Chaffee. Manila: The Presfdent Is anxious
that no expedition against Moros until all ef
forts by negotiations have been exhausted. To
this end he desires that you confer freely with
Ihs acting civil governor. In event the force
has to be sent he directs it go under the im
mediate command of General Davle. The Pres
ident will give you all support, but desires ex
ercise of. great care and prudence. If possi
ble avoid by all honorable means general war.
CORBIN.
Chaffee, Manila: With reference to previous
cables on subject I have suggested to Presi
dent that possibly airrender of Moros mur
denrs might be effected by Instrumentality
fr'cr.tjly dattos. President desires "this consid
ered in conference -with Wright and to have
afsuram.e every honorable peaceful remedy
l^as been exhausted. CORBIN.
General Chaffee responded to the last
cablegram by the dispatch given out at
the White House last night stating that
to withdraw all the American forces
would ruin our prestige; to withdraw part
of the forces would be dangerous. To
this statement the following response was
iKade to-day:
"WASHINGTON, April 23. — Chaffee. Manila:
Tour cabl* of yestfrday has been submitted by
Acting Secretary of War to the President, -who
Clrtcts that you 3:»cp in rainJ the resident's
orders, but of course do nothing that will im
jjair our prestige or m any tray imperil the
enr.y. If after the expiration of the time
named in your proclamation and after all po?
e!bl» diplomatic an<3 frienflly methods have
been exhausted, your demanfl for the Moros
ir.urdcirrs has not been met, you will act upon
the lines that In your Judgment vc\]\ best serve
to bring peace and order In the island of
Mindanao.
PEACEFUL REMEDIES FIRST.
The "President's orders" referred to in
this dispatch are dated April 20 and April
22. The first directed the expedition under
Colonel Baldwin not to leave the coast
until further orders. The second message
said: "The President Is anxious that no
expedition be made against the Moros un
til all efforts by negotiations have oeen
exhausted."
Brigadier General Davis was directed
to assume command of the expedition in
care it proved necessary to send it, and
the dispatch added: "If possible avoid by
all honorable means a general war."
A third message suggested that the sur
render of the Moros guilty of the murder
of Americans might be effected through
the instrumentality of friendly chiefs.
General Chaffee was instructed to confer
with Acting Governor Wright and in
formed again of the President's wish that
before engaging in war every "honorable,
peaceful remedy be exhausted."
These dispatches show the deep con
cern of the administration in the Moro
situation. While professing to believe that
hostilities will b£ confined to the Moros
of the Lake L*anao region. It sees apos-
Bibllity that other natives In Mindanao'
may join their brethren In fighting the
Christian Invader. It Is especially ~de
tircd by the President that no religious
aspect be given to the war. for If this
should be done there is danger that the
Moros in all parts of the Southern Philip
pines, who are all Mohammedans, will
rice against the Americans.
understands that the President is ready
to order reinforcements to Manila should
they be required.
No additional troopi have been ordered
to the Philippines, but General Chaffee
AT a meeting of the Board of Directors of the United Railroads to be Mdthis morning, ih*]demandsoj Jh& sfr %
-/TL tcrnoon, will be passed upon : and a decision by the tnanagement of the corporation iviH dispassionately
discussed. The jbest of feeling prevailed throughout. What tJtereMt of the cmif em . v\:';; : S J\.
STRIKING CARMEN SUBMIT DEMANDS OF THE UNION TO DIRECTORS
OF THE UNITED RAILROADS WHO AGREE TO GIVE ANSWER TO-DAY
S AN ERjlNGiSCC)^ A^RIL <^4,i 19O2L
VOLUME XCI— NO. 145.
PRICE 5 FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco Call.ST. PETERSBURG.* April ?3,-^A decree jiist
Issued ¦ orders the trial by court; mdrtlal of the
man who assasgl totted the Minister" of the Inte
rior. M. ( Sipia£ralne, on April 27. ¦ ' ¦
Mti» r hi wiifMi ii /^«,t' M ...iw-<w* v.">i .,«» »-i.w».<* iA s*r* jftte«M-«£aW
¦ PHILADELPHIA; .April i23/-iTh'e ! Rev.'
Nathaniel S.' .Thompson;- ! rector- of : the
Protestant ' Episcopal r Church I of the ; Holy
Apostles • here, .who was Selected i Bishop
of , the ". missionary •>< district •- 1 of ~' Salina,*
Kans.; -, by -, the. Episcopal . House . of Bish
ops at * Cincinnati. ; said ~ to-day j; that « he
would not accept; the honor. ¦-, . .,'"
Declines / an ,; Ecclesiastical Honor.
, WASHINGTON, ¦ -April- 23.VSecretary"
of State Hay,, for. the States, and
Minister /Concha " of Colombia, to-day
signed a treaty providing "for the trans
fer to the United States of the rights in
cident to the construction of the proposed
Panama .canal. This treaty is similar
to the protocol recently signed, the terms
of .which have been published.
Treaty "With Colombia Is Signed.
BALTIMORE,-; April;-; 23.— Ac deal wag
consummated here to-day/ whereby the'
Merchants' ; Trust .Company of New York
becomes , the owner, of ; the : leading • elec- ¦
trie .light,! railway- and >¦ power. > companies
of Richmond, 1 , Va.'. and a; consolidation of
all the companies in that. section will fol
low ..as a, result. ;¦ About I $20,000,000 is in-'
volved. ¦" • ;¦¦'.¦; ".¦¦-¦...¦¦¦¦;.¦¦-. ¦;. ;,i •¦. :¦,-¦ •- .
Immense .Trust Has ; the Control.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
- > • : : OF THE PACIFIC COAS?
Changed Made in the Postal Service
"and More New Pensions Are
Granted. .
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The Postof
fice Department to-day announced: Post
masters appointed: California — Albert
Gussellman, Agua . Caliente, ' Sonoma
County, vice Morris. Doberbier, resigned.
Oregon— J. W. Gilmore, Murphy, Joseph
ine County, vice L. L: Caldwell, resigned.
These pensions were, granted: Califor
nia: Original — John A. Thayer, Modesto,
55; (ten years' service) Walter Blundell,
Coronzdo Eeach, $4. War with ¦ Spain—
Alonzo Snipes, Sari Francisco, $6; Samuel
W. S. Bothwell, Corning, J10; James M.
Triplett, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$10; Louis Bertsch, Tulare, $12; Riley C.
Storey. Palo Alto, $17; Bernard Moran,
San' Francisco, $10; Franklin Pope, Po
mona, $17. Widows— Minors of George W.
Olmsted. Applegate, $12; Elizabeth J.
Taunt. Grass Valley. $8.
Oregon: Sumner Carr, Lafayette, $8. '
"Washington:. Original— Thomas Thur
man, Rockford, $10; Simon E. Fancy, New
WbatconV'18.'/ '
Several, -hours after the : -shooting
Thomas, Glynn, with a bullet wound in his
arm, gave himself up to the police. ' He
said. he and a. man named. R. Smith had
tried to hold-up :the proprietor of. the
store and his son and that a revolver duel
followed.. in which he wasshot. Hesaid
he knew.one.man was killed! in the affray,;
buthe was in 'doubt' as to whether 'he or,
Smith did^ihe. killing.. ,
CHICAGO, April 23.— Peter Fafinski was
instantly shot > to • death ; arid his ; 19-year
old ;. ton Julius . was /probably mortally
wounded, while resisting two robbers who
atternpted-to lootthe cas-h drawer in.Fa
flnskTs grocery, 49 Bradley street/early
to-day. .'¦ . ,-.:, ..¦¦. 1 : ¦¦¦ • ¦- -¦¦ :<.;¦,• . :¦¦ ¦ ¦¦
to Loot a Store .Tells of
Murder.'
One of Two Robbers Who Attempted
CONFESSES HIS CRIME
; HOURS AFTER A DUEL
Judge Batchellor Is Advanced.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The President
has determined ¦ the succession to the va
cancy on the International - Tribunal in
Egypt by promoting Judge" Batchellor,
from, the Court . of First Instance to the
Court of Appeals, to succeed Judge Keily,
resigned. Judge Van Home of Utah has
been named .to fill the vacancy in the
lower court caused by the promotion.
I The foundry was closed ten days, ago
and the matter was brought to the at
tention of the city -authorities by Uie
Molders' Unidn. The resolution passed
cites, the r fact of an agreement- entered
into between the city and the railroad
company - whereby the city granted cer
tain concessions . In the matter of streets
and other -city property and the railroad
agreed to maintain its shops perpetually
in this city. * .• - . ¦¦ ¦ ¦
OMAHA, April 23.— The City Council
last night unanimously .passed \ a resolu
tion demanding' that ;the Union.; Pacific
Railroad, retain Its iron, foundry, in this
city- and that it be reopened at. once.
the Railroad Live Up to
'Obligations.
City. Council of Omaha' Insists That
TTNION' PACIFIC MUST .
BEOPEN ITS FOUNDRY
SAGINAW, Mich., April 23.— Physicians
of the. college hospital have performed a
remarkable operation, that of grafting 1 a
piece of dog's skull upon a human head.
The patient is John Olberg of Kenton,
Houghton County. He is now recovering
from an old affliction: Olberg' s skull was
fractured four years ago. Over the hole,
which was an inch and a half in diameter,'
there formed a foreign growth. This
pressed on the brain and caused convul
sions. When It was decided to operate on
Olberg the doctors chloroformed a dog
and removed a piece of its skull. The
piece taken out was then Implanted in the
opening in Olberg's head.
Part of Dog's Skull on His Head.
j| DENVER. April 23.— The first session of
the convention of the Daughters of the
Revolution .was called to order at the
Brown Palace . Hotel i to-day. The pro
ceedings were entirely. of a routine char
acter,: consisting of. the reception of re
ports and the appointment of committees.
The election, of officers will. occur to-mor
row. After the session the delegates
were the guests of Mrs. James- B. Grant
in a carriage ride about the city.
Daughters of the Revolution Meet.
The contracting parties were Mrs. Ger
trude Gallagher, a young widow of Day
ton, and Theodore Cohen, a merchant of
Hopkinsville,. Ky. The ! bride, accom
panied by her father/ a sister and many
guests, entered a store at Dayton, Ky.,
and requested the use. of the telephone.
The party took seats around the telephone
booth and the Rev. ' R. D. Hardins took
the receiver and . asked for Hopkinsville,
Ky. The bridegroom answered. The min
ister propounded the usual questions to
the bride ' and bridegroom. The cere
mony occupied fifteen minutes.
Twenty-Three Dollars for the Talk
1 ing Enables Impatient Cupid
to Conquer.
-•CINCINNATI, April 23.— A Dayton, Ky..
widow and a Hopkinsville man met to-day
for the first time after having been mar
ried ' over the long-distance telephone.
The telephone charge it or the service
was $23. • - :
WIDOW OF KENTUCKY
WEDS BY TELEPHONE
: Army— Infantry— Ma jor.V Captain P. M.
3. "-. Travis'. Eleventh Inf.lntry^vFirst.lieu
tenants, to be captains— George H. Helms,
Nineteenth:rRufus E. Longan," Eleventh;
Frank M< Savage, Fourteenth; Thomas T,
Frissell, Third. " ; ,
Postmasters — California^— Stephen ;F.
Kelley, San Bernardino; Nevada — Dwight
A. Dawson, Reno. ; v ;- :¦•¦¦
-WASHINGTON,; April/: 23.— The Presi
dent to-day j sent ' the following; ' nomina
tions to the Senate: Indian" inspector-
John E. Edwards, Montana. Indian agent
— S. G. Reynolds, Crow • Ageric>% ; Montana.
Registers o£ Land Offices— Andrew. M..
Swaney.' Kalispell, Mont;J Salnuel Gor
don, . Miles City, Mont, t Receivers ;'• of
Public Moneys— John E..Lewis. H Kalispell,
M9nt.; James' M. Rhoades, -Miles City,
Mont. ,-,•¦:.*.:• ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ,v-.r "¦.>•..¦..•¦.'¦.¦¦¦.. j..
Nominations by the " President!
"No money appropriated by 1 this act or
by the ; army 'appropriation act" for the
present year shall be. expended•:in'"defray
ing-the -expenses' of any one;.in< going to,
coming .fnim or? in attendance upon the
coronation of ariy hereditary, king, prince
or potentate. '.' ¦ ~ ' . ; ' . . . •:. ; ;,. : > .-. .*,/¦
Senator. Bailey of , Texas is. evidently -.de
termined' that the United States snallriiot
defray the expenses of .the 'American rep
resentatives. In the-'Senate.to-day he. pro
posed -th.is- amendment., to the army ap
propriation bill: ' • : : • v* ;. ¦-;.. •
: Friends of Captain Clarke in Philadel
phia-were" so anxious that-he should go
to • England that, they, announced'.. their
willingness to pay his expenses. Cfaptain
Clarice refused to permit this. In hls-cpn-'
vorsation with Secretary. Long. to-day •'- he'
suggested that Rear Admiral Watson -be
selected. Rear Admiral -'Watson will "be
accompanied, by. his son, Lieutenant E.;H.
Watson, who will act as naval aid.. <
The action of Captain Clarke is general
ly regretted by the administration and
the navy. He was selected by the Presi
dent and Secretary Long because of their
desire to recognize in some special way
his magnllicent work -during the war witn
Spain. Captain Clarke • reluctantly ac
ctpted the duty and returned to his sta
tion at League Island. • 1 ¦-.-,'-"•'
It had been expected that the President
would make an allowance out of the State
Department fund to pay the expenses of
the American representatives^ Mr. Roose
velt decided, however, that the American
representatlvs must pay their own way,
naval and army officers receiving only
their pay. and mileage. ; Captain Clarke
appreciated that this would be insuf
ficient, as there were many expenses he
v/ould.. have .J.fl..tncur_, JTor- instance ,-:any
courtesy extended to htm would have to
bn' returned. Thus, : not because of : any
personal desire, but in order not'tb.shame
his country, he would have to go Into his
private .pocket to-pay, for ;his . offlciaL.visit
to London. ' '; .
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, April 23.— The failure
of this country to make a proper allow
ance for. his expenses while in London
caused Captain Charles E. Clarke, famous
as the commander bf the battleship Ore
gon, to request to-day relief- from- the
duty of representing the navy at the
coronation of King 'Edward. ] Secretary
Long 1 immediately granted - the request
and ordered Rear Admiral J. 0. Watson,
president of the examining board, to per
form this service. -
Special Disi>atch to The Call.
At the embassy the statement wa3
made that Lord Pauncefote has been very
weak as the result of hot weather, but
he is now considerably improved and is
not in dangerous condition. He has been
suffering from gouL Dr. Jung declined
this^ afternoon to make any statement
concerning his Lordship's condition.
Many members of the diplomatic corps
.have called at the embassy within the
past few days to express their regret at
the illness of the dean.
The Embassador is now 74 years of age,
and while still mentally strong, physi
cally his condition is not good. He has
had rheumatism and gout for several
>rars, but the. troubles have become ag
gravated recently and he has found it
necessary on occasions to remain in bed
or confine himself to the embassy. In
his last attack Dr. Jung was called in to
give him. medical treatment. :
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 G STREET N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 23.— Lord
Pauncefote, British Embassador, is re
covering from a serious attack of rheu
matic gout. The recurrence of this dis
ease has caused some of .the Embassa
dor's friends to urge him to relinquish
his post here and return to England. In
view of the recent disclosures regarding
the attitude of Great Britain during the
war with Spain, the Embassador feels
.that If he was to leave at this time" his
withdrawal would be attributed to dis
satisfaction on the part of his Govern
ment with his conduct in 1S98. He has,
therefore, decided to remain in Wash
ington for the present, but it is not ex
pected that he will stay in this country
for many months.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
For a number of years the San Jose
Oratorio Society has been one of th<» best
knov.n vocal organization in the State,
and it has an exceedingly large member
ship.. Since it has taken up the opera
there has been a large accession of mem
bers from the ranks of society. That
these gentlemen and ladies possess abil
ity will be shown in their presentation of
Victory Theater Friday evening.
The San Jose Oratorio Society is to pro
duce the cpera and has had it under re
hearsal for some months. It will be the
musical event of the season, and the
most elaborate affair of the kind ever
occurring in this city.
SAN JOSE. April 23.— San Jose
will witness an elaborate pro
duction of "The Mikado" by
society ladies and gentlemen in
Oregon's Former Cdm
niander Declines to
Go to London.
British Embassador's
Qtay Is Shortened
by the Gout.
CLARKE WILL
STAY AT HOME
Rawlins discussed the campaign made
by Major Waller in the island of Samar
under command of General Smith. He
said that Waller's men performed the
most thankless and unhonored, task sol
diers were ever called upon to perform.
He declared that the troops were ordered
to make the island a "howling .wilder
ness" and kill everybody over the age of
10 years. -
WASHINGTON.. April 23,-Rawlins of
Utah continued hla speech, in'; the Senate
opposing the Philippines temporary gov
ernment bill. He discussed at'great length
the testimony presented to the Committee
on^^hilipp.fries^and.'ihe reports made by
the^ officials, of the War, Department. He
presented many cases of torture. of Fil
ipiuos, of»the burning of towns, of the
incarceration of Filipinos. All this, he
eaid, was done to carry to the Filipinos
the benign administration of the Ameri
can Government. War, he said, was to
be waged relentlessly, and the articles of
war were to be cast to the winds. The war
to be waged was not to be a war of hu
manity," but a war without mercy.' It was
uncivilized warfare, and without ex
cuse. *¦¦¦•
PAUNCEFOTE MAT
SOON QUIT POST
Gilbert & Sullivan's amusing story of the
town of Titipu, where unusual conditions
existed ; where it was customary to be-,
head citizens- every few weeks; where
flirting was a capital offense, and where
the wife was buried alive- when her, hus
band was beheaded. The efforts of ,£he
Mikado, with "his objwt all subtttne
• • ? to make the putflshment fit - the
Utah Statesman Opposes
: Army Methods in
Philippines.
SAN JOS5ANS:\VHO WILL PARTI
CIPATE rer.THE RENDITION OF
"THE ;MlkADO.'/ ' ' ~H
RAWLINGS TALKS
HOT TORTURE
The Oratorio Society ; will, mount the
c-pera in an elaborate manner: the cos
tume will be gorgeous and the orchestra
large, and efficient. The staging will be
.under the direction of Charles Williams,
one _pf the best amateur actors in the
Sta-t^y. who has had much experience in
such. affairs. In' staging and business the
cpera wjirbe the same as in the original
production' at the Savoy Theater, London,
wbereitj-was given under the direction of
the, authors.
berime*' will be related by- a chorus ' of
nearly 100 voices and a cast of characters
well able to sustain the important roles.
rehearsals' of the opera, which is
under the direction of Wilbur McColl of
the Conservatory of the University of
the Pacific, are proof that its production
will rank with that of most professional
companies. The cast will include Mrs.
Mary Weaver-McCauly as Yum Yum,,
Miss Alice Genevieve McMillan as Pitti
Sing. Miss Agatha Cummings as Katisha,
Elmer Chase as the Mikado, ' J. M. Rey
nolds as Pooh Bah, Wallace ' Avery as
NankI Poo. Robert Syer as Pish Tush
and Charles Williams as Ko-Ko.
Mrs. McCauley played the part of Yum-
Yum several weeks with an Eastern or
ganization, and Miss Cummings has ap
peared as Katisha elsewhere.
Bills were passed to appropriate $30,000
of the funds of the Choctaw and* Chicka
saw Indians for the relief of destitute
members of those tribes and to provide
for trade statistics between the United
States and its outlying possessions.'
Lessler of New York supplemented
Craemer's statement by serving notice
that when the omnibus bill was brought
before the House a fight would be made
for the incorporation in it of the New
York postoffice bill. '
Several other amendments -Offered by
the minority- were defeated. ".The ! Senate
amendments- were successfully adopted
as the reading of the bill proceeded. ¦> .
1 At the opening of the session of the
House Craemer of New York rose to. a
question of privilege and had read at the
clerk's desk an. article in a . New York
paper charging the New York -.members
with "being dummies and derelict in their
duty" in connection with the bill for a
new postoffice building in New York City.
The Speaker ruled that the article read
did not constitute a question of personal
privilege, but Craemer was given five
minutes in which to explain himself. He
recounted what the New York delegation
had done in the matter. When Cummings
(now stricken with illness) was at their
head the delegation had gone to the Com
mittee on Public Grounds and Buildings
and had received assurances that a. sep
arate bill would be reported for the New
York postoffice. Now It seemed, said he,
that another commission was to be. pro
vided by the terms of the omnibus bill
agreed on yesterday to examine into the
question of a suitable site. '
Wadsworth of New York, chairman of
the Agricultural Committee, finally suc
ceeded in offering an amendment chang
ing the section providing that oleomar
garine free from .artificial .coloration,
which is taxable at one-fourth of a cent
per pound, so. as to provide that ."colored 1
butter shall not be construed as colora
tion." The amendment was lost— 51 to Jss.'
The major portion of the 'debate bore
on the general merits of the bill and not
on the Senate amendments. . When the
consideration of . the , amendments began
the chair ruled that the text of the bill
agreed to by both the House' and Senate
was not open to amendment. •¦-
This ruling, made by Olmstead of Penn
sylvania, who was in the chair, prevented
tne offering of many amendments which
the minority members of the Agricultural
committee decided to offer. ¦ ' . • ¦ •
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The House
to-day began consideration of 'the Senate
amendments to the oleomargarine bill. A
special rule for this purpose was adopted
by a vote of 152 to 79. By the ruling of
the chair the question of further amend
ment of the Senate propositions was con
fined within very narrow HmUs. Slow
progress was made. The oppoii3nts of
the measure, who sought to modify the
Senate amendments in various particu
lars, were outvoted on every proposition
submitted.
ATTORNEY WHO IS NOW
CLAIMS AGENT OF UNITED
RAILROADS.
House Accepts Amend
ments in the Oleo
margarine Bill.
If the dyers' strike is prolonged" other
branches- of the great silk industry which
centers in and around * Paterson will be
affected. •:> : ; . - * •¦< •
While one mob was closing the Bamford
mill another, was surging into the plant
of the American Silk Dyeing and Finish
ing Company. Armed with dyestlcks and
I stones they; charged through the plant,
driving the men from their places/ George
Arnold, one of. tJhe^menftbers of the.,flrm.
was dropped insensiblo iwlth' a blow*<6n
the head frQm.a^dyestlclQ :; ¦;¦,.; ' f,. j
' Almost simultaneously any attack was
begun on the Works- of ;Emil Geering./and
it was in the fight for possession of this
place that the shooting occurred. Two po
licemen were '¦ guarding the . property .and
when the mob. came rushing down on
them : they .warned ithose in the van to
keep away..' Some^bne in. the crowd dis
charged a revolver and the police quickly
returned the firef- A- 'half-dozen shots
were fired and one striker, who escaped
unidentified, was shot in the leg. The
mob stoned the two* policemen, and when
one of the latter arrested one of the lead
ers the crowd, closed iri r around him. The
officers swung their., clubs and beat their
way out of the crowd. A striker engaged
Geerlng but was beaten off. One of thf»
patrolmen finally secured a rifle, and
when came out and faced the crowd
with it there was a'general scattering.
.-. From Geering's the strikers hurried
away toward the property of Knipscher
& Maas, but that raid was checked by a
squad of police, which forced the crowd
back. Gerald MIsteli. a young striker,
hur ed a rock at the police and was placed
.¦under arrest. The crowd tried to rescue
him, and to .the number of several hun
dred followed- Ihe arresting officers to the
prison, hooting at them as they trailed
along. .¦¦ - . r . .
An' attempt was made. to organize' a
I second movement against Geering's
I works, but only a "few ¦; volunteered to
take part in it. At noon the men at work
for Geering Went out and the place was
closed down. ¦ ' ' > . ¦ - -¦• : •
Mob Storms the Mills.
The disorder began early in the day and
was unexpected. • A meeting of strikers
was held at 8 o'clock at.'Rueger's^ River
side Hall, and 2000 men gathered at the
place. The hall would not accommodate
them all, and the proceedings were slow
because of the many nationalities repre
sented. To -simplify matters it was nnal
ly decided to have the men of each. shop
on strike appoint a ( committee, of five to
represent them. The meeting was. orderly
and declared for peace, and the men were
urged to keep away from the shops. The
meeting of the committees formulated .the
demands of the strikers for the following
scale of wages: '; •• • v " ' f- ¦ -,
Helpers, "Zff cents per hour; machine
men, 22 cents; finishers, 22 cents; appren
tices, not less than 20 cents, and also that
fifty-five hours shall constitute a week's
work; that time and a half be allowed for
overtime; that five minutes be allowed
for washing-up before quitting time, and
that the scale be accepted for five years.
The old prices per hour were: Helpers,
16^8 cents; machine men, 18^4 ' cents; fin
ishers, 22 cents; learners. 14% cents.
While the meeting was in progress hun
dreds of strikers stood outside the hall
angrily discussing their grievances. The
radicals urged a raid upon the works still
in operation, and when their suggestion
was approved headed a rush for the plant
of Johnson, Cowdin &- Co. The men at
work there were- called out, and the strik
ers moved on to -the establishment of
James Simpson & -Go. That firm, fearing
trouble, dismissed the men and closed its
doors. Robert ¦ Gaede's works were vis
ited next, and. after that the Bamford
mill, where the first serious disorder oc
curred. . The-, property is walled in, but
the. strikers gatned the yard .before- the
gates"<were'Shut.'i Windows <were smashed,
chemicals spillediand much damage was
ddne. -The'. men - at' work in the plant
quickly quitted their places.
Source of the Riot.
. Many' persons On"'" either side were se
verely injured during the rioting. It was
believed -'for". a time' that it would be
necessary to ask: the State, for troops to
restore ¦ order, ; but the police expressed
confidence in their ability to handle the
situation, and no request for outside aid
was made. Judge Dixon called the Grand
Jury and charged them to indict the per
sons guilty of rioting. .
The conservative- element among, tne
strikers had in -the meantime disavowed
the violence of their fellows, and urged
a return to peacetul means. to gain tne
end that is sought. Large numbers of
the strikers were in sullen . spirit,' and it
was predicted to-night that any attempt
on- the part" of the; employers to resume
business without dealing with them wouid
be desperately resisted. When the strikers
completed their- campaign against . the
plants in operation the numoer of men
out was found to be nearly 40GJ. .. > ,
PATEKSON.iN. ,' J., v April 23.— Striking
dye-helpers to-day, stormed the establish
ments that .were , still running and by
force compelled a" complete suspension of.
business in their trade. They engaged in
a series of funning fights with the police
and | plant ' managers, and " in v one of : the
severest :" encounters: £*changed "a" volley;
of pistol shots with them. . ' ¦ " .¦
Bullets Are Fired and a Num
ber of Persons , Are
Injured:
SENATE ACTION
DEFIES DEBATE
It Is my duty, acting under' the advice and
counsel of the general counsel of . the company,
Hon. Tlrey L. Ford and with his authority, to
decide on the merits or demerits of all claims
presented in this department " without favor.
And it is my sincere hope that the people with
whom I may have to deal ' will treat me with
the same fairness, sincerity and good will with
which I shall treat them, thereby strengthen
ing their own cause as well as- enabling me to
do my duty to them, with proper regard, under
the law, to the rights and Interests of the com
pany which I. am to serve.
This claims department is maintained by the
United Railroads of San Francisco as the place
for the people, individually or through their
attorneys, to present their claims for damages
asalnst the company in order that these people
may avoid the uncertainties and vexatious but
unavoidable delays of litigation. I take the
opportunity through the kind offices Of The Call
to assure those people that may come here on
account of any accident, ¦ which . they believe to
be | the fault of the company or its employes,
that from me or any member of my department
they will receive only courteous and Just treat
ment. . -
Attorney Gates is a Yale graduate. H&
has been connected ~ with \ 'the Market
street Railway claims department fox the
last two years. He has been Claims
Agent Sessions' right-hand man for some
time. Mr.- Gates said in an interview:
ti- «o -• . E. GATES was • yesterday ap
_? pointed claims agent of the
"United" Railroads " of ' Sari
*4 O Francisco. 'Mr. Gates goes
into office May l.and the good
wishes of his friends go with him. He Is
a young man, being only 30 years of age.
Exciting Battle Occurs
During Strike in New
Jersey. /".-
E.E. Gates, a Popular Young Lawyer Who
Has Been Connected With the Market-
Street System, Secures Important Position
CLAIMS AGENT
FOR UNITED RAILROADS
POLICE CLASH
WITH RIOTERS
THE SAX FEANGISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1902.
San Jose Music Lovers Look Forward to the Rendition of the Comic
Opera by Oratorio Society Stars, Backed by a Chorus of One
Hundred Voices and the Glamour of Brilliant Costuming
SWELL SET OF THE GARDEN CITY
WILL BE SEEN IN "THE MIKADO"
2
The liniment bottle and flannel strip are ' / SSBS^^j^B^'^ "
familiar objects in nearly every household.
They are the weapons that have been used for /^3&*^^
generations to fight old Rheumatism, and are ~~^\£8&!i£^^3*£k&^K
about as effective in the battle with this giant \~Jj
disease as the blunderbuss of our forefathers- ' . '"WS^rajraors^^^
•would be in modern warfare.
.Rheumatism is caused by, an acid, sour , ? .
condition of the blood. It is filled with acrid,' irritating matter that settles
, in 1 the joints, muscles arid nerves, and liniments 1., and . oils nor nothing .
else applied externally can dislodge these gritty, corroding particles. They
were deposited there by the blood and can be reached only through the blood..
Rubbing witti liniments sometimes rel ieve temporarily the : aches and
pains, butj these are only symptoms which are liable to return with every.
; change of the weather; the; real disease lies deeper, the blood and system
are infected. Rheumatism cannot be radically and permanently cured
yuntil the blood has been purified, and no-remedy does this so thoroughly
and promptly. asSJS.S.' It neutralizes the, acids and sends a stream
; ¦-!—-'- ': '- — i^i ' ' •!,' -- ' of rich T" strong blood to the affected parts,' which
(C^ vC^ lO^ : sso^*^ s and washes out all foreign materials, and the
V^^V^\»^^ : 'V^vV sufferer obtains happy relief from the torturing pains;.
S.'S.S. contains nopotash-otbthermmeral.biit
r^^y c * m^- is a perfect vegetable blood purifier, and most
i exhilarating j tonic. Our physicians will advise, without charge!, all who
write about their case, and we will send free our special book on Rheumatism
and its treatment. V I THE SWIFT SPECIFIC C0.' ? - Atlanta, 6a.
Tali Is. Cheap
But irood , laundry work-'cost» th© ; laun^
dryman more than- the ' sjlp-shod methods
too often prevailing. . , # - ¦ . •. -
We're willing to pay this extra' expense
because we', know' It pays- us by. holding
old customers and ."gaining .new ones —
those vwho 5 , are - •parj,IcvUar.-< abaut . their
No .saw edzes. . ' ":¦ . .; " • ~ ;y
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY iSS'N;
£V; Office 1OO4 Market Street.
Telephone— South 42O. ¦ . ,
Oakland Office— 54» San Pablo Ave.
ii-K-ii
7 NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN- that the
second Installment taxes on all. property
must be paid on or before
MONDAY, the 28th day of April. 1902,
At 6 . P. M.., and that unless paid prior
thereto 5 per cent will be added to the
amount thereof/ h} ¦.
Positively no checks received after the
:21st day of April, 1902. .
¦; :. (Signed) EDWAR1> J. ' SMITH,
Tax Collector City and County of Saa
¦ Francisco.' ' •
FIVE DOLLAR
j^^^^^j ELECTRIC BELT
'»-** ia Si*S3ji»gE2jfl-'*'*^ $20. ' Guaranteed
Sfl5^s : I ' jennlne- ¦ Ppwer-
3h^» fut curt en t. Latest in-
pro^sments. It" cur*s
*1k without medicine. Not
sold by agents or druggists; No discounts
Free by mall on receipt of price. " Circulars
free. Ask for tho "Dr. Alien Electric
Belt." Call or address the PtERCD
ELECTRIC CO.. SOO Post. St. S. 5*. .-
*4%f-pM$**«*&£M n 6 i m 1r 7 a to ~ Gonorrhoea ,
£&3W CUntS Whitss, unnatural dial
KmsrlnltnS d»j». \i chargo*. or any inflainina-
ffaST'f Qnainn*«l to *2oa, irritation or ulcara«
f- -f Prereat eoni»;ioa. *' on °' m a c o n 8 mem-
IStheEvams ChewisalCo. sowai'^S^
2^ zJ&vT Rm* 1 '™^ i»?»»w. 7or
TTM^glrj V-00. or 3 bottles. $2.73.
B Circular sent oa reqixsit.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBlfE HOUSES.
Catalogues and pplee Lista Mallai
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PICJ IRON. !
J-C- WILSON & CD J?° Street.
4 w HlLJtfH U Wtl-. Telephone Main 13«*.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS. B0 YES & CO cJa^^as^
"¦ OILS."! ~ .•:;-.- r T-
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EZAJL3.
:. 418 Front sc. S. F. Phone Main 171».
PRINT INO. ;
EC HIIfiHF^ PRINTER.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS. . '
THE HICK&JUDD CO..
- 2a First street. 1m TTnnrtM*.
1
PAHTE'S, C JSLEBY COMPOUND.
BwelTat the tongue
I
If Furred and Coated the
Liver Needs Attention.
Paine s Lejlery
Compound
THE POPULAR SPRING MEDICINE
CURES EVERY FORM OF L1YER
TROUBLE. VH
A Victory Oyer an Insidioas Disease
After the Failures of Physicians.
The liver is the great housekeeper of
our health. On its right and proper ac-
tion depends our enjoyment of life.
One of the commonest indications of a
disordered and diseased. liver Is a nasty
tongue— furred and coated. Such a con-
dition. Is Dositjve proof that the liver is
not working well. Other symptoms are a*
follows: Nauseous taste .in. -the mouth:
pains under the shoulder blades and in
tho region of the kidneys. Frequently the
1 mental -symptoms of liver . trouble are
more dangerous than- the bodily ills. Suf-
ferers experience mental anguish, gloomy
forebodlngs, melancholy and a general
feeling of disgust with life.. \
.When, these bodily and mental troubles
are experienced your liver tells you.it
needs Immediate help.' If the proper med-
icine i Is not used ,at once* sickness and
death follow. . . ...
Paine's Celery Compound fs the one
great specific for the eure of liver trou-,
bles. It always acts gently and effective-
ly on the root of the evils, driving from
the system accumulations of morbid poi-
sons that give rise to your suffering. Soon
every organ Is infused with new life, the
skin Is fxesh'.and clear and you enjoy
perfect' health. - . -
Mr. Clyde F. 'Tucker, Savannah, Ohio,
with a desire of benefiting men and wom-
en who are suffering from any bf the va-
ried forms of liver complaints, writes as
follows:
"I had been taking medicine under the
direction of' three doctors, but they did
not give me relief. The doctors said my
liver was in a very bad condition. A
friend recommended Paine's Celery Com-
pound to me, and I began to feel better be-
fore I had taken half a bottle. As I con-
tinued to use the compound I grew better,
until I became a well man. I weighed
only 100 pounds when I was sick; now I-
weigh 143 pounds." j
It's easy to dye with Diamond Dyes.
Simple. Durable. Economical.
DR. FIERCE'S REMEDIES.
r I feel it my duty to tell you what
vour medicines did for me," writes Mrs.
Blanche Marshall, of Whiting, Jackson
Co., Kansas, Box 139. «I was" severely
afflicted with kidney trouble and female
¦weakness. In less than three months
the trouble became so bad I could hardly
¦walk around the house, *lmost -
everything. Seeing your advertisement
iu our paper concluded to write. Dr.
Pierce. After receiving your kind ad-
vice I immediately began-taking-your
medicine. After taking two bottles of
• Favorite Prescription '-alternately with
two of J Golden Medical .Discovery,' and .
¦using one box of • Lotion Tablets 'lam'
entirely cured. I can-do all' my own-young, lady [ who , will .
rule ; over- bakersfield *
, str'eet/fXir.
Delaney's Slayer Convicted.
RED BLUFF, April 23.-James.Camp-
COUNCIL BLUFFS, Iowa. April 23.-
Attorneys .Wright and Baldwinf of this
city, who appeared for , James ' Doyle in
the big mining suit against James Burns
of Colorado, have filed a Hen on the judsr
menr secured In that suit for $300,000, and
A. W. Askwlth, who also assisted in the
suit, has -filed a claim of $10,000 This i^
the. largest claim for fees on record in
the Middle West. The Judgment Sowed
Doyle by the court amounted to" $454 961
Doyle's Colorado attorneys have not 'yet
..cu' their claims. * l
BAKERSFIELD, April 23.— Now
that the queen of the carnival has
been, elected .. and has gone in
charge of chaperones to San
Francisco to have_her pictures
taken this • way and j that ,, and i to try on
the queenly robes to bji {worn • in fiesta
week, the j Bakersfleld public has settled
down to hard work. *• There is much dec
orating to be .done; the throne must be
built, and members - of committees are
running this way and that way, attend
ing to the many things which need at
tention and adjusting before the visitors
commence to arrive and the fun begins.
-As is usual, since the election, of Miss
Lacey as the queen there have been
many "I told you so's," until it 'would
seem, that everybody in the city had cast
A •M"M-M-!->M"M"M..M»I I..T T..V.t. m,
Lawyers Demand a Goodly Fee.
bell, who. murdered' Constable James H.
Delaney 1 -of. VVina. . on February 22, was
found guilty jof murder in the second de
gree and sentenced • this ' morning to six
teen years "in Folsom.
ST. LOUIS, April 23.— Colonel E. A.
Slack, editor of the Cheyenne (Wyo.)
Daily Leader and chairman of the Wyom
ing World's . Fair Commission, accom
panied by M. C. Barrow of Douglas.
Wyo., and C. H. .Fisher, editor of the
Boise (Idaho) Capital News, called at
Louisiana Purchase Exposition headquar
ters to-day. Colonel Slack . visited tha
World's Fair site and selected a location,
for a State building. Colonel Slack said:
"Our people up in Wyoming are in favor
of making a good exhibit at the World's
Fair, I think the general sentiment of
the people Is to have an exhibit to cost
about $50,000. of which perhaps $10,009
would be /set apart for a State building,"
Wyoming Plans a Big Exhibit.
However, all that is now ancient his
tory, and as to the outcome— well. Ba
kersfleld Is very proud of her fiesta queen.
his or her vote for the successful candi
date, despite the fact that Mrs. Kate B.
Reardon and' Mrs. J. B.. Wrenn -had
strong followlngs up to th© last day of
the contest. Then their supporters weak
ened, as it had been whispered about the
streets that, a $700 check had Just been
passed over the counter of a voting: booth
to purchase ballots for Miss Lacey. This
did not seem to f righterr . many Bakers
fleldians, but when it was stated — and the
truth at that — that ¦ there • was another
check just like it which would be- voted
for Miss Lacey, if necessary, th© others
admitted defeat, although it is known
that the supporters of other ladies in tha
race had gathered together $1000.
SALINAS, April 23.-After three trials
a Jury in the case, of the city of Salinas
vs. Clarence Tynan, a liquor merchant
arrested for a leged violation of the or
dinance compelling:, saloons to close from
midnight until 5 o'clock In the mornin^
to-day rendered a verdict of not guilty'
This verdict was returned despite trie hH
milted fact that the ordinance was will
WUh the ° bJeCt of tcs «"s
Jury's Bemarkable Verdict.
Both the Russians and the Japanese
regard war as inevitable. The Anglo-
Japanese alliance probably will have the
effeet of delaying the outbreak, but the
trend of opinion Is that It must come
sooner or later. The Japanese are rea™y
to do battle at a moment's notice."
CLAIMS BUSSO-JAPANESE
CONFLICT IS CERTAIN
Hongkong Editor Says War Prepara
tions Go Forward Apace in
the Orient.
VICTORIA. B. C, April 23.-0. W Lit
tle, editor of the North' China Daily
News, in an interview here says that war
between Japan and Russia. Is considered
inevitable not only by the Japanese, but
fl so aL th , e Russlan s and all residents on
the Siberian coast. Extensive prepara
tions are being made at Port Arthiir
Work on fortifications is progressing 1 and
troops are massed. Japan afso is ready
In the course of the interview the editor
SS.1Q I "'-¦..
The whitec&DS 11 then untied their vic
tim, carried him down the road and tied
g™ to * fen ,c<5 post and again beat him.
Stretchberry's wife, who was recently dls
fnlY^f / rom the , ln9ane hospital, became
insane from excitement. Both Stretch
berry and Caldwell are at the point of
u mn^ nd .M r K, str **hb e rry 8 condition
is most pitiable. The two "whltecap
phigs occurred within forty-eight hours
Stretchberry met them with a double
in a t« reI th d 8l \, Otg J!, n and em P« ed one charge
into the shoulder of one of the gang.
whlt ecaps" seized Stretchberrys
5tr»^hK forced her into the kltchln.
Stretchberry was then beaten on the head
vvith revolvers and clubs until he fell to
the /round. He was dragged to the
J 00^ 3 fl and tied and whipped until the
blood flowed.
NASH\'ILL,B, Ind., April 23.— Early yes
terday morning twenty masked men went
to the home of Flnley Stretchberry, a
farmer, aged 40 years, six miles west of
here and only a few miles from the home
of' William Caldwell, who was almost
murdered by the "whitecaps" the night
before last, and beat their way into
Stretchberry's house.
His Wife.
IndianaWhitecapsStorm
Home of Man and
VICIOUS MOB
ATTACKS FARMER
, BAKERSFIELD, VApril23.-It' is re
ported ' that • a : representative - of a : Ha-*
walian sugar plantation has purchased 160
acres..of oil land ih v the; McKittrlck dis
trict, adjoining, the • Parafflne Company's
property, with . the " object ; of : developing
and using the product on: the Islands.--
Oil for, Hawaiian Flantatibns.
Upon *the arrival of the Government
gunboat General Pinzon off Bocas dol
Toro Saturday morning, notice was-eiven
that her commander Intended to- bom
bard the town at the expiration of twen
ty-four hours. It Is rumored that' Lieu
tenant Commander McCrae endeavored to
have this period prolonged to thirtv
hours,. but the Government general Go
mez, the military governor of Colon' 'anrl
In, command -of the Pinzon, declined -to
extend the- specified time. ;- As :the i Lib
eral forces were \ without cannon', and ' un
able to hold Bocas, they, finally agreed to
surrender the town. -• Under,' the terms of
. this surrender; thirty-six ; hours were eiv
en the liberals 'to retreat to Chiriaui
Grande with the-" arms and .ammunition
they had brought with them, but the"
were not allowed to take what they had
captured-'at Bocas., -Prior to•theiexnlri
tion' of the thirty-six, hours' the revolu
tionists left the town in the launches and
barges belonging, to the United Fruit
Company.. . > -: ....
-The Pinzon ..left- Bocas for Chirlqul
Grande' to' effect' the; evacuation of th"
revolutionists' In', that ' quarter. '¦- The Ma- :
chlas Is still' at Bocas. She is exDecteri
to return to -Colon shortly. . ,
• WASHINGTON, f April ' 2i-Secreta"v
Long, has • received the ; following • cable
gram , from ; Commander McCrae of th«
gunboat Machias. dated , Colon; to-day"
"Bocas del Toro, Colombia, /has been
evacuated. .The. former Government
peacefully -re-established. •--; Forces 'have
ibeen withdrawn.- Their duty \was verv
well done. .Shall await : usual ; condition
.before returning. to Colon.".
Previous reports of the number of "men
killed in the. Bocas engagement are ex
aggerated., It now appears 'that on' both
'sides only twenty-five were killed and
thirty-three wounded. The Government
forces lost eight men killed.' .. crnraeui
Shortly after the arrival of the United
States gunboat Machlas .at Bocas. del
Toro, April 14, the captain of the gun
boat, Lieutenant Commander Henry Mc-
Crae, notified the Liberals located at Old
Bank, a settlement on an island about
two miles from Bocas, that- the gasoline
launches and the barge, belonging to -the
United Fruit Company must be returned
to their owners, within, thirty-six hou-s
Before this specified time had elapsed,
and by means of the launches and barges
in question, the Liberal forces at Old
Bank effected a landing at Bocas.'
This occurred early In the. morning of
Thursday, Aprill7. The. Liberals im
mediately, attacked the entrenchments- of
the Government troops and f a. stubborn
fight ensued/which lasted all day. 'In the
evening the Government forces,' flndins:
they were outnumbered by the Liberals
and that they had only 5000 rounds of
ammunition left, decided to: surrender
They surrendered the town of Bocas to
Lieutenant Commander McCrae, who had
It policed during Thursday., night. ,Ha
gave the town over to Colonel Buendla
the following morning.
The timely arrival of the reinforcements
ion. the Hercynia and a threat of: bom
bardment on' the part of;the Government
gunboat General Pinzon Impelled -the in
surgents to capitulate to the Government
forces. ¦
¦ COLON, Colombia, April 23.— The Ger
man steamer "Hercynla, which left' this
portfor Bocas del Toro several. days ago,
with reinforcements of Government
troops on board, returned here this morn
ing and announced that Bocas del Toro,
which was captured by the insurgents
April 18. was again in possession of the
Government. ,
Colombian Insurgents
Prefer Retreat to
Shell Fire.
FEAR HASTENS
THE EVACUATION
The outburst of applause that met the
name of Hanna was fully as generous as
any that had been given during the day.
The convention adjourned until 9 o'clock
Thursday morning.
There was a great outburst of cheers
as the speaker concluded, and then came
loud calls of "Fairbanks." Senator Bev
erldge called for the senior Senator, and
as Fairbanks appeared on the platform
he was I greeted | with- loud and long-con
tinued cheers, i Fairbanks began 3 his
speech by declaring that. the Republican
party had been as conspicuous in its abil
ity to rule as the Democratic party had
been in its inability to govern this coun
try. The strongest orators in proclaim
ing the virtues of Republican rule, he
said, were | . speaking' to-day upon the
farms throughout the republic, from the
mines, from the ¦¦• factories and from all
the great avenues of human endeavor. .
• Frederick Landls of. Wabash brought
forth loud cheers • by his ¦ assertion that
he believed "in the party of Mark Hanna,
who had never lost a fight and never
would lose one."
: It Is tha twentieth century In which w« live
— the greatest period . since time began. We
cannot cling to the methods of the past. The
republic has marched • ever forward, only be
cause our fathers cut behind them plans 'and
policies which civilization had outgrown and
adopted new ones as their new day demanded
them. We, their children, must do the same.
Their war cry was "Onward!". Our war cry
must be "Onward," too. The Republican
party is the organized spirit of American prog
ress. We dare not stoop- to demagogues' de
vices; that Is the role of. the opposition to the
Government. We dare not trick up fictitious
issues to catch temporary applause. We dare
not be Insincere to capture this . or that co
terie of voters. We dare not counsel with fear
or compromise with reaction. Our success, our
very life, is In harmony with the progress of
the American people to the mastery of 'the
world. ' ' i
I . Ho . declined to say j that he was the
mouthpiece ~of the . administration "--.* of
President' Koosevelt, but would not deny
that • ; what he had to • say regarding | na
tional Issues had been in a large measure
approved: at "Washington. '.:¦ ¦ ':;¦
The Senator was - greeted with cheers
when he appeared oa the platform, and
when, he' commenced the delivery of his
address. There wer^ frequent outbursts
of applause , throughout tha delivery of
the speech. C» '¦'¦''¦' •-.'...¦' • ¦
' • Trio Senator reviewed extensively r: the
growth of large combinations of capital
and the effect they exercise on the coun
try's prosperity. He, maintained . that
trusts are not a menace • to the welfare
of the people, and that while evils may
exist in them, the remedy is within easy
'reach. He spoke Interestingly of Cuba
and the Philippines, and in concluding he
said: .,,,.. .
: INDIANAPOLIS, April 23.— Much.', ora
tory and enthusiasm marked the opening
of- the Republican State Convention- In
Tbmlinson' Hall this afternoon. g Senator
Albert J. Beverldge delivered an eloquent'
address, in which . he outlined the princi
ples '¦ upon which | the Republicans ¦ of ¦ In
diana*, will enter upon>.th.e: coming cam- ;
paign,' and 'although ; the committee on
resolutions has. not yet reported, it is un
derstood that the planks in the platform
will not vary widely from tha general
statements made by Beverldgo this after
noon. . ¦' . ; . . .; . : ' .
Eloquent ? Address Before
Republicans in India
napolis.
Sen ator/Beyeridge Talks
of ;Unclek Sam's
; Prosperity. *
AMERICA MUST
RULE THE WORLD
Bakersfield Still GossipingSOyer the Exciting Battle of Ballots
in the of Miss Lacy- to Wear Crown and
Royal Ermine During^the Coming -Street Fair Festivities
COIN IS TRANSFORMED INTO VOTES
THAT NAME THE QUEEN OF FIESTA
3
THJ5 BAN yjjAJJGISCO CALiy THTTBSDAY, APEIL 24, 1902;
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps, as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap 'that depends ,on
something outside of it;
•Pears', the finest soap
in the - world is scented or)
not, as you wish ; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
Established over ioo yearSi : r
BATLWAY TRAVEL. ,
CiLIFOfiNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN rRANCISCO ANfl N0HT.4 PACIFIC
ILIILWAY CO SIP AX Y.
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FRAXCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at
' 1 :50 and 11 :30 d. m.
SUNDAYS — S:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00. 6:20 i>. m.
SAX RAFAEL TO SAX FRAXCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
5:00, 0:25 D. m. '
Leave I In Effect I Arrive.
San Francisco. [Apr. 28. 1901J San Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Xovato, 10:40am S :40am
»:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
5:10pm 5:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:20pm
Fulton, «
7:30am Windsor, 10:25am
5:OCpzn Healdsburg, 10:40am
Lytton.
Gcyserville,
3:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:00pm Hopland 10:40am 10:25am
3:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am !10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guerncvllle.} 7:35pm
3:30pm 5:00pm j 6:20pm
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma 9:15am 8:40am
and
5:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7 :30am I 8l00am"| 1 10 :40am 1 10 :25am
3 :30pm I 5 :00pm I Sebastopol. [ 7:35pm( 6:20pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett.
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Sprigs,
Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal,
Willits, Laytonvllle, Cummins, Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket off.ee, C50 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Santa Fe m
Trains-Daily.
L»av« Market-street Ferry Depot.
' I Local 1 LIm'd Ovrl'dlLocal
Daily Daily Daily Dally
Lr. San Fran 7:20 a 8:00 a S-00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11 :45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p)
•• Merced.. 12:25 p l:17p 1:30 a 9:11 r»
" Fresno... 2.'O5c 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.l S:12pl 3:27 p 8:05 a
•' Visalla..f 3:3»p S:00a
" Bakersfldl 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City! 2:40a 7:30a ....
" Chicago- 1 2:15p 0:00 p|. ......
a frr morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and.
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleid for accommodation of
local . first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 7:05 a, m. dally.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton, Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. n* dally. ' .
* -8 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining; Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which' cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p m.
dally. '
7:20 a, m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln- Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:40a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 • Broadway
_Oakland.
WOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive "
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
¥£t ! U vV «w*«-.i.«.- vw * Sun - WeeF
£*?* -5^- .. *. *«.7L da > s - r *»y«.
Tut. Su Pnartiw ta Smnmll and Rrtora. $1.9Qi
eabtOOoa*, ta MAKUIgTUXT ul EAUSiUIO mil/ -
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
621) HEAB.W ST. Established
In 1S54 for the treatment ofl'rlvate
Diseases, Ix>*t Manbood. Debility or
di»«"as» wearlngon body aoiJ mind and
Skin Disenses. Tlie Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. «'liargp« low.
fnretcnarnnleed. Call or write.
Dr. J. r. «IBBO.\, Kan Francisco, CaL
>gS?VDEWLY,STRONG &CO. | >gSL
R "PATENTS!: I)
MARKET ST. Sf.^SSr
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
Trains leave and are due to arrive at
feAX FKAXC1SCO.
(Mmin Line. Foot of Market Street )
x.sa.te — Fkox April 20, 1902. — axkitx
7-COa Be&lcla, Suison, Elmlra and Sacra-
mento 6-65P
7-C0a Vacaville, Winter*. Rnmser.. 7.55*
7.30a. Martinez, San Bamoo, Vallejo,
Kapa, Callttoga. Santa Rota. 6 25*
I.CO*. Davis, Woodland. Knight* Landing,
Blarysvlllc, Oroville 7 SSf
8.00 a Atlantic Expre**— Ogden and E»H. f.25*
8.00a >.":>». Latbrop. Stockton ; 25i*
8-OOa Mies. Mendota, Hanford, VUalla.
PortervWe «.5Sr
8.30a Shatta Express— Davit, TTIHltm»
(for Iim>n Springs), Willows,
Bed BloS, Portland 7.65*
8.30a Ean Jose. Llverraore. Stockton,
lose. Sacramento, Placervllle,
ilArjrciV*, CSH», Bed Bluff 4.25r
930a Oak<Ule T Cblnete,Sonora,Tuolnmne 4.26*
8-OOa Vallejo- : 12.25*
S-OOa Loc Anpeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, Latbrop.Stoclcton,Merced.
Karmond.FresnoandLosAnrelei 8 25*
9. 30 a Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7.65*
tl 0.00a Hayward, Mies and Way Eutlons.tl2.55r
10433a The Overland Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omata, Chicago 5.25*
tl -00* Sacramento Elver Steamers tii-OOr
3-COr Benlcla, Winters, Sacramento,
Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marrsvllle, OrovUle 10.55a
3-SOp Hayward, Klles and Way Stations.. 7.65*
« 00p Martlnez.San Ramon.Vallejo,Xapa,
Callrtoga, Santa Coi> 9.25a
4C0p >*".l<-*, Llvermore, Stockton, I.odl.. 12.25p
• 430p Hayward,Klles.SaaJose,LlvernK>re 18.66a
4-50* The Owl Limited— Fresno, Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Saupus for fcanti
Barbara, Los Angeles... 8.55a
6-80* PortCosU,Tracy,Latbrop,Stockton 10 25a
6 OQr Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Raymond, Fresno 12-25*
t5-30* Mies Local 7.26a
6.00p Hayward. Kllcs and San Jose 7.66a
tSJOOr Vallejo 11.25a
6.60* Oriental Mali— Ogden, Denver,
Omaha. St. Louis, Cnlcago 4.25*
7X0* San Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
and Way Eutlons 11.25a
J7-00* Vallejo 7.65*
8-05* Oregon & California Express— Sac-
ramento, Marytvllle, -Redding,
Portland. Pug-et Sound and East. 8-55a
_j».1O* Hayward and S ties til -66a
COAST LINE (> arrow 6a«fe).
(Foot of Market Street.)
$7 .45a Santa Cruz Excursion tS.05*
8-1 6a Newark. Centervllle. San Joce,
Felton. Boulder Creek, SanU
Cruz and Way Stations 5 50*
t2-15r Newark, Centervllle, San Jose,
Kew Almaden, Felton, Boulder
Creek. Sanu Cruz and Principal
Way Stations 10.50a
4.15* Newark, San Joup, Los Gatos 4 860a
M-15* San Jose. Los Gatos. SauuCniz... '8.50*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SAX FRAN CISCO, Foot of Market St. ( Slip t)
— tT:I5 ».00 11:00 A.Jf. 1.00 SCO 6.16*.*.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 iS:00
*fi:03 10:00a.M. 12.00 2.00 4-00 *.*.
COAST LINE (Broad CiStTeT:
< Third ana Towntend Streets.)
6.10a fttn .lote sea Wsy Mailons 6 <0a
t/OOA San Jose and Way buttons - 18.00a
7-COa Kew Almaden /4.10*
t/.16A Monterey Exrurston :8.30*
8 00a Coact Line Limited — San Jose.
Gl!roy, Sa!lna«, San Luis Oblspo,
Sanu Barbara, Lo« Angeles and
. Principal Intermediate Station*. 10 45r
8C0* Ean Jose. Trcs Plno». Sanu Cruz,
Pacific Grove. Salinas. San Luli
Obltpo and Principal Intermedl-
tte Stations 4.10*
IO.SOa Ean Joce and Way Stations 8.36a
1120* San Jose and War SUtlons 9.46a
*1 30p Saa Jose and Way Stations a7-00r
:2 46r San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jose,
Tres Plnos, Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Del Monte, Monterey and PaclOc
Grove 110.45a
3-SOp 6*n Joce. Del Mocte, Pacific Grove,
Sanu Cruz and Way Stations.... 7.30*
?4.16* San Jote and PrlncipalWay Stations 6.30*
tS-OOr Ssn Joee. Los (iatos and Principal
Wsy6tatloni« 1900a
630* Ean Jo»e and Principal Way Stations 6.30*
6-30* Sao Js*e and Way stations 7.30r
74)0* Kew Orleans Express — San La,,
Oblfpo, SanU Barbara, Los An-
relet. Demlng, El Paso. Kew
Orleans and feast 1C-30a
«11 45* San Jose and Way Stations
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
• Saturday only. c Monday only.
ft Saturday and /Tuesday and Friday. ¦
6-c<!»r only. *
liOHTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via. Saosallto Ferry,
Commencing September 39, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILX, VALL.ET
AND FAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— 6:65, 8:30, •»:*», 11:00 a. m.,
1:iT>. 3:15, 4:15, 6:15 •ti-.lS. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Z '.*.'ie] on Mondaje, Wednesdays and Saturday!
ct I»:.'{0 and 11:40 d. m.
SCNDAYS— *S:00. 8:00, "10:00. *ll:30 a. m.,
•1:18. 3:18. *4:45, 6:30. 0:30 i>. m.
Trains marked (*> run to San Quentin.
KI'.OM SAN RAFAEL, TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — *5:25, 6:27, 7:45, 8:35. 10:15
e. m., »12:25. 2:15. •3:35. 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*, Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 6:45 and H:.V> p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. »S:O0, 'IOjOO, 'll^S a, m.,
•J:40, »3:15. 4:45, »«:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•) irtart from San Quentin.
FROM MILL, VALLEY TO BAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
•. m.. 12:85. 2:45, 3:ftO, 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday)!, Wednesdays
end Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S :05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:05, 2:15.
E:30, 5:00. C:45 r. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
C:55 a. m. week dayt^ — Cazadero and way
ttatione.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
nations.
6:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
nations.
Fairfax. Sundays— S:00, 9:00, 10:00. 11:30
i. m.
]>ral Holiday boaU and trains wIU run on
tunday time.
__ || '_'"__ ADVEB-TLSEMENTS. -
... . • *¦- . '-¦¦¦¦'') ¦ '¦-¦¦>.- ¦. ¦" ; :
Health will come with all its blessings to those who know the way, and it is mainly a ques-
tion of right-living, with all the term implies, but the efforts which strengthen the system,
the games which refresh and the foods which nourish are important, each in a way, while it is
also advantageous to have knowledge of the best u>ethods of promoting freedom from unsani-
tary conditions. To assist nature, when nature »eeds assistance, it is all important that the
medicinal agents used should be of the best quality and of known value, and the one remedy
which acts most beneficially and pleasantly, as a laxative, is— Syrup of Figs— manufactured by
the California Fig Syrup Co. .
With a proper understanding of the fact that many physical ills are of a transient char-
acter and yield promptly to the gentle action of Syrup of Figs, gladness and comfort come to
the heart, and if one would remove the torpor and strain and congestion attendant upon a con-
stipated condition of the system, take Syrup of Figs and enjoy freedom from the aches and '
pains, the colds and headaches and the depression due to inactivity of the bowels. In case of \
any organic trouble it is well to consult a competent physician, but when a laxative is required
remember that the most permanently gratifying results, will follow personal cooperation with
the beneficial effects of Syrup of Figs. It is for sale by all reliable druggists. Price fifty
cents per bottle.
The excellence of Syrup of Figs comes from the beneficial effects of the plants used in the
combination and also from the method of manufacture which ensures that perfect purity and .
uniformity of product essential in a perfect family laxative. All the members of the family
from the youngest to the most advanced in years may usjb it whenever a laxative is needed and --
share alike in its beneficial effects. We do not claim that Syrup of Figs is the only remedy of . .
known value, but it possesses this great advantage over all other laxatives that it acts gently
and pleasantly without disturbing natural functions, in anyway, as it is free from every ob-
jectionable quality or substance. To get its beneficial effects it is always necessary, to buy the
genuine and the full name of the Co.— California Fig Syrup Co.— is printed on the front of every
package. . ,
San Francisco, CaL
Louisville, Ky. N<*v York, N. Y.Continued From Page One.
— — . . _ wj.
carmen and
officials of
company Meet
RAINY-DAY YIEWS CAUGHT IN A WALK ALONG MARKET STREET.
Continued From Page One.
DEMANDS OF
STRIKERS MAY
BE DISPUTED
"¦-".. A GREEMEJiT entered Into by the ' United Rnilronda of Sun . Francisco. - liereinnfte'r knovrn nn
.the party ot the tlrnt part,; and Division v So. JS0.1, Amalnramated Aniioclntton of Street Rail-'
/Xw wot .Employe* ot America,' hereinafter knownas the party, of ; t!ienecondipart«
yhpU Flrdt-^-Thc pa.rty -of .the lirst part hereby agrceit to rccoRnUe the party of the (tecond
1 jfc -. ;'l»art or committee! : therefrom In treating all' grlcvancew ot their .employew. •; ¦-,..
'. Second— -That, Ilic 'party of tlie flrstjmrtaprces to. reinstate to .former, n'osltions all
men dlncltareed for adherinc to union principles >lnce September 3, 1001. '
TUIril—Tliei: party of the first , 'part oereea that the, lionfit of duty sluill not exceed ten,
and that all ran* shall be finiMlifed within twelve, lionrM from commencement of run. . <
tU^ The PQPt> ,°V* he Ur "* Pnrt aKree " *"** «»e, minimum (wa»e »hall;ue 23 cents per hour.
Fifth— The; party of the tl i-M par* aflrrecM that the rate for overtime be time and a half.
Sixtii-.Thcj.arty ot the flr*t part agrrces. to abolish the Kyatcni or Insurance of Its' employes
L^Pfi Seventb — Tne P« p *y o« the Hist part mrrecu that Its employes shall have their fall liberty when
¦^on dniy. ¦•.*¦..' -- . ¦¦ : .-...••-.; .*:¦¦".." ..',-. '¦¦¦..-¦¦¦.•¦¦ ¦ . ¦
Eighth— The party of the first part , nsreei that its employe* shall h:>ve tlic rlplit to ride on'
cars of the party of 'the, first part, on their bnriffcK. - . - -"'
V m « nth "~^ l l C party 1 of , tllc / fl»*«t - part nsrees that their employes sliMl not be marked off their
tho par£ of'th, 'firlt e pS' : - ""' Tlnle "" hy ronncnt of employe oinpon infringement of the rales of
; Tenth— The party' of the first part nerees '.that all' nieii employed j.y them" as motormen irrln
men, i conductor, and dVlvers i shall become members of the party ' of the second part before the e^I
plratlon of thirty days from time they: r.re turned in. ' : : \ / >.>'•. .7 / ""-c> ?
Eleventh— The party of the first part agrees , that whlle-tlirjie negotiations nrc pending it Will '
not «"««"* «<> ™» t any car*., except mall cars, and the party ; of the : second part agree, to keep a con-
Senr V .t,,art? their member, for the protection of all cars, barns and other property, of the party of
¦^^^^
.. Thirteenth— It : i« '•nintually agreed Vthat differences arislnWas to the • interpretation the •
terms of agreement ( iball _; bp j; referred to .?« committee composed of. two members ehosen *r J\\Z
V 7* t *« of. the first part and tiro members eho.en bfcpartle, oAhe^econd par^on^ L com! 1
mittee > foil to agree,^ then .the«c four to chpe.se tb,e fifth, and the 'decision bt, Wh eoninHttee ? be flnaV
V ni M « U * r |^ mnt » all >- *Vf'«««l^«t pending: such Arbitration of differences the party bt 'the first poVt"
\wlll not lock out it. employes and the pa.ty ."of the second part will not order « strike - par *
¦-:-'•-:- - -¦ ¦.'¦¦ V-..'- -¦¦¦. ¦ .;' . ' . '-
STRIKERS SUBMIT DEMANDS
TO THE UNITED RAILROADS
A bazaar was held at Pythian Castle
yesterday afternoon and evening by the
Welsh Ladies' Aid Society to raise funds
for the new church building on Four
teenth street, near Guerrero. The church
Js now near completion and will be, dedi
cated the first week In June. The bazaar
proved a success, $300. being raised. The
following took part In the afternoon pro
gramme: David Hughes. Dr. E Jones
•Miss A S. Williams, G. J. Hughes. Mrs'
David Lewis.
Welsh Ladies' Bazaar.
Strikers Are Indorsed. .
The following resolutions indorsinK the"
stand- taken by the" streetcar employes'
The police werenotlncd ; yesterday, that
burglars had broken into thessecond-hand j
store j of "''Louis Goodman, '507 Jackson,
street, 'Tuesday night; and. carried: away a
large selection - from the stock.- .Amonu
the articles \ were twenty-six assort jd
watches.', forty . finger* rings, 'seven revolv
er!?; 100 copper coins and medals, a, pair^
¦of opera-glasses' and a quantity of cha;ns, '
iuff^ buttorls and clothing. .: . , :
Second-Hand Store' Robbed.
Zttiss Mary E. Burk Is United in Mar
riage to Attorney McFarland
of Washington, B. C.
A tjuiet wedding occurred last' evening
eVthe home of J. Naglee Burk, the prom
inent turfman. 1922 Franklin street, hia
sister. -Miss Maryg. Burk. being one of
the principals The fortunate man .was
0S & h H', M^ cFarland o€ Washington.' -D.
C. Mr. McFarland is a well known at
torney, who has recently retired.
After the marriage and supper, with
congratulations of friends and relatives
S&J& 8& h^ey^o'o'n; 1^ 1 ° n a
EASTERN LAWYER TAKES
BRIDE FROM THE WEST
Some pretqpd to say the strikers will
not insist very strenuously upon the in
crease if the. company, agrees to make
the hours of employment nearly consecu
tive, recognizes the union and pives tht
carmen full liberty on : their days o(T
Manager Vining has always shown an In
tense hatred for the urion. and it remains
'Whether the- company will* grant all the
demands is a question. The Impression
prevailed last night that the only-stum
bling block .will be the demand for more
pay. The company . claims that its em
ployes are receiving, better wages than
those of»any other similar corporation in
the country with the exception of two
cities.- .To grant the increase would mean
an additional expenditure of neariy JIOOO
a day. ; and it Is expected a modification
of this 6>nand wlil.be insisted upon be
fore a settlement Is reached.
A STUMBLING
known. The carmen, demand 23 cents an
hour, with ten. hours as a day's work, dis
tributed within twelve consecutive hours;
the right. to ride' on cars on displaying
their badges; the abolition of the system
of Insurance of employes; full liberty of
employes when off duty; rate of pay for
overtime, time and a half; the reinstate
ment of employes discharged for adhering
to union principles, and the right of em
ployes to Join the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Railway Employes of America. It
Is also demanded that disputes between
carmen and company shall be settled by
committees of two appointed by the com-i
pany and^the union. - •: _ - ., .
' Resolved; Tha t a copy of this resolution be
furnished to the r press. Carmen's Union ¦ and
Mayor Schmitz.- -. •- .'.^ ¦ ¦
¦ Resolved," That we give the -striking carmen
all possible' aid and support in their struggle;
and be JLt -.further ,~ 4 ~ •"
Resolved, That .we heartily indorse, the action
.taken by Mayor Schmitz in this controversy;
and be it'further v -
! Resolved, That we, the International Union
of Steam, and Electrical Engineers of San
Krancis«5o Local No. 84, hereby heartily Indorse
the strike of the Streetcar Men's Union in their
attempt to pain their rights as free "American
citizens to obtain- reasonable* hours and a just
compensation for their labors; and be It further
was adopted at the meeting last night of
the International Union of Steam and
Electrical Engineers: ,- ¦;
to be seen how many of the dir^tors of
the cenpany share his opinions and dis
likes in this reBpect.
Aside from the conference little of in
terest developed yesterday. Cars wero
moved over one or two of the line^ for
tne purpose of protecting franchise rights,
but aside from these the cars of the com
pany remained In the houses, where i.hey
were placed Saturday night. ¦ The town
hsp become accustomed to the extreme
quiet that prevails, so that 'when- a mail
car clanks its way down the street it is
looked upon as a sort of curiosity. The
use of vehicles for transportation by" tired
pedestrians was largely increased yester
day by reason of the rain. . -
At midnight the impression prevailed at
tho strikers' headquarters that the strike
would be declared off to-day. - The. state
ment is made that the company -has
praeticp.'ly made up Its mind- to grant
most , or the demands, and that others!
will be agreed to with some' modifications.
What the nature of the modifications" will _
foe the developments of to-day alone'' will'
determine: , - . - . *
Knox's resolution that the men refuse
to go to the company's office was carried
unanimously and the Mayor immediately
drafted and sent with the company's mes
senger/who remained for a decision, the
following letter: , '.
-The United Railroads oflSan Franclsco--Gen
tlemenrThe mere place of for the'con
ference suggested ought certainly not to be so
serious a point as to jeopardize the peaceful
'and immediate- settlement : of the ' existing
strike. : In your letter of -yesterday, you. "sug
gested" the office of your president-, as • the
place of meeting. This suggestion'. I communi
cated to the men. They did not in reply.pro
pose , their . own' headquarters as .a satisfactory
place of conference, but . suggested . a public
office in- which either side had an, equal right,
and. would be surrounded with equal consider
ation. It is not necessary- that tha -meeting
should be held "in the Mayor's office. < .
:./ If the disinclination is to this particular
room - any other apartment In any municipal
CABMEN'S TJI/TIMATTTM.
The men, he said, would notask the com
pany's representatives to come to the
headquarters of the men at the Turk
street temple and he protested- that the
company was not justified in "its latest
demand. The men, he s«i;a, had as much
right t, to dictate terms as. the company's
representatives and | he declared j that "the
city of San Francisco "would be tied up
until doomsday if the company did not
show. goad judgment in this matter." ".
-The Mayor "said- that a meeting" place
might be arranged, as suggested by Bur
ton, anywhere ' so that it was neutral
ground. ¦
Company I, League of the Cross Cadets,
will entertain this evening for the benefit
of the academy booth of the Irish fair
el its armory, 11S7 Alabama street, near
Twenty-fourth. The hall has been elab
orately decorated and a fine programme
has been arranged, so that all who at
tend will enjoy a very pleasant evening.
The alumni of St Peter's Academy has
appointed a committee, consisting of Mrs
J. C Flood. Mrs. P. J. Haggerty Miss
Agnes Kendrick. Miss Lulu Sullivan, Miss
K. Sullivan and Miss C. Fitzpatrick to
serve refreshments throughout the even
ing. Numbers will be rendered by Miss
£*-!-* ,, M i5!" h ',. MteB - Mable TWeler. H
O Neil, Miss C. Botken, John O'Brien ana
others. The committee in charge of the
affair consists of Captain George F.
¦«•?•»*• L £ utenan tC. D'Arcy, Lieutenant
JUlliam Fennesspy, Sergeant H. Dorge
i&sftggag H - H - Trac - v - Admi * sf ° c
Company -I.
Programme Is Arranged for a High
Class Entertainment by
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
TO AID IRISH FAIB,
The cases of George Monahan and
Charles L. Tudor, who were arrested on
an^- Ellis-street car Tuesday 'afternoon
and., charged. -\siliv._ carrying i concealed
weapons, were called in Judge Cabaniss'
court .yesterday. The ¦defendants pleaded
not guilty, waived a jury and the cases,
were continued till April 30.
The case : of • Irving "Williams, night
watchman at the fiytter-street carhouse,
who was arrested- early- yesterday morn
ing for carrying 'a concealed weapon, was
called 1n Judge" Conlan's court and by
consent continued till Saturdav.
Cases Called in Court.
The demands submitted by the carmen
to the company are generally regarded by
the Strikers as eminently just, and they
are hopeful that the company, will enter
tain the Fame view and thus bring the
strike to an end. While the men are as
determined as ever to hold out until their
demands are granted by" the; corporation,
the more conservative of -the strikers are
anxious that a speedy settlement should
be reached. - -- -. . ---. :'i ,
A committee from' the. Bakers' Union
called at headquarters during the atter
ncon and reported.^ amid applause, that
their union had donated • $400 lovthe Amal
gamated Association' of Street Railway*
Employes. The strikers were -told that
the money was available when demand
ed, and that if it was. necessary to do so
the union would furnish free bread to the
striking carmen until their fight 'was won.
A vote of thanks was tendered to the
bakers for their generosity. •
Samuel Pinkerton. the man who was ar
rested at the Mission-street carhouse
Monday for carrying a concealed, weapon,,
created a sensation at headquarters l>7,
filing his application to become a member
of the association. The application was
taken under advisement and Pinkerton
placed on probation.
Eighty applications for membership . in
the union were received during <the day,
about half of these beinp from men who
recently arrived - from the interior and
mho are seeking positions as conductors
and motormen. It is claimed that less
than a dozen employes of the railway
system still refuse to join the union. The
membership of the union now reaches
nearly 3000, .an increase of some 2^X) since
the inauguration-of-tb'e.etrlke. ...-.- •
A number of union carmen^who some;
time ago filed applications witft the raii
¦way company tor positions have-" received
•Jereonal letters' from Manager Vining
within' the week inviting them to call and
talk the, matter over. Several have sent
replies informing Vining that they will
consult with him after the strike has been
declared off.
The proposition submitted by the com
pany to meet the strikers in the offices of
the corporation was discussed pro and
con. "Many men insisted tha t-'the confer
ence be held in the officte . of Mayor-
Schmitz, while others said. that the com
pany, being willing? to yield, the right to
select the place of 'conference should be
left with. it. Thte'View was generally ac
cepted as the more prudential one, and
the. executive committee, after feeling the
popular pulse, as it were, decided to carry
cut the suggestion.
' T was a lively day..at the striking
/carmen's headquarters 4ri, .the
Turk-street : Temple yesterday.
The- rain forced- "the men off the
•streets, and throughout the after
noon several hundred strikers
¦ thronged the hall."'.
Necessary^-
the Strikers- iP¥
Bakers Offeh-to Aid
sonable.
Members qftheUnion
Say They Are Rea=
CARMEN'S
DEMANDS
DEBATED
AGREEMENT MAY BE REACHED TO-DAY
HOPEFUL
OF GOOD
OUTCOME
Situation.
President Cornelius
Satisfied With
building is at your disposal, and. I sincerely as
sure you, may be used without any feeling
'¦ whatever on my part. • The public; Interests are
-. so closely and gravely connected with the pend
ing conditions, your own welfare and that of
. ; the_ large body, of your employes and their
- families depend so immediately upon a prompt
close and settlement of your differences that I
urge you again to hold this meeting.
' I can realize .the sentiment which Impels the
.streetcar men to hesitate at ' meeting in the
company's office at the present time, but there
_ may of ccurse be : some justification for your
disinclination to meet elsewhere than in your
office. But to me the public interest is su-
V ; preme,. and if : necessary I am" willing to lay
• • aside •. for. : $.: moment the . dignity tjf» the Mayor's
• : office/ and as a plain citizen to call upon you
".myself -af; your or elsewhere, . if thereby
•* any •'approacH to a termination of the strike
¦ can be effected. : - -' ¦
r. v .Thtaj strike iriust be settled. If possible, even
' 5 though.* it' be necessary to override a few small
,' personal feelings on either side.'. Respectfully
- yours, ;.•> •%?;;¦¦ ;.. B. K.- SCHMITZ, Mayor.
.- • San^F.rancigco, April 23. : -
OF COMPANY.
..? After the; last letter of the. Mayor had
.been':. sent .Commissioner Michael' Casey
¦".'¦¦ ot the "Board* of Public 1 Works made an
effort to meet with the members of the
Aboard of directors of;the United Railroads
ofiSan Francisco. Casey" found, that the
; meeting had adjourned and . so reported
on' his. return to the. Mayor's' office. A
few minutes later Tlrey. L. Fqfd informed
i ,thq Mayor J that a second letter was on
-' the 7 way to .'his ; ofBee reiterating the re
> truest fdr'a, conference at tne offices of the
>' 'company. .<¦¦":•"?• '.:¦¦/- '
pSfaj Whfle.ihe 'Mayor was endeavoring to get
s of. the. executive committee
; of the Amalgamated Association of Street
.c.car :E[wpJoxes,. together the following lat
' ter was received: " -
/;.- ">;.'''/ ".SAN FRANCISCO. April 23.
'./:'5:"Hls '.Hqnor-,;Eugene E. Schmitz. .Mayor of
Believes Agreement
.Will Soon Be
Reached.
-. . •¦¦ ' rr — r- > •
¦^•^ ESS activity was manifest Ia3t
M night at the headquarters of
If the striking carmen. than at
. . B any other time since Saturday
B night. -The hall was closed
' m^ m^^ early, and. the men went home
satisfied that the 'morrow
t would brine a change for their better
ment. Faces- wore pleasant smiles ana
everywhere there was a pleasurable
sense of an impending change in the. sit
uation. ./•.*•• _^ ¦ ; \J \ ;'
The busy people in the union were th<s
'members of the executive and arbitration
committees, and they were in session un
til midnight. They considered all the is
sues Involved and discussed more .partic
ularly in detail the. points where any dif
ferences might arise. . - , " . •• ¦
At the close of the meeting President
Cornelius made the following statement:
Our prospects are very favorable. The com
mittee that went to meet the directors of th*
United Railroads • were received with great
courtesy. - They had a most . pleasant confer
ence and we feel satisfied that the outcome will
be favorable to our cause. . In the jneaawhllo
we are not relaxing. our efforts to preserve In
tact the autonomy of our forces. . I hope ami
trust there will be an early settlement.. We
keenly felt the discomfort tVie people of tho
city were subjected to yesterday by the rain.
Our only wish was that we could have takm
them home, as' we know they are heart- and
'soul with us In our just cause.
'Assurances 'of support are." being, re
ceived on every • side. At a pieetinff of
the City Front Federation, the following
resolutions were adopted:^
Whereas, The streetcar employes of San
Francisco are now on strike for better condi
tions and against a -system of espionage insti
tuted ,by the street railroad managers;, and
¦Whereas, The demands of the streetcar men
are Just and reasonable; and < . ...
Whereas. The obdurate and haughty attitude
assumed by the managers of the United Kail
roads of San Francisco in refusing to confer
with their employes deserves the unqualified
condemnation of the' public of' San Francisco;
and i ¦'.¦.. •- . - ¦ ¦ ;¦ •<•¦-
Whereas, The management of the strike has
proven -that the men who are conducting it
deserve the full confidence and co-operation of
all fair-minded citizens; therefore^ be it-
Resolved, By the City Front Federation ia
regular meeting -assembled" tnat we «xtend ta
the striking streetcar, men our most hearty
sympathy and pledge ourselves to render all
the assistance in our power; and be it further
Resolved, ¦ That these resolutions be spread
09 toe minutes and a copy be forwarded to the
streetcar men and to the press.
. T. : ."WESTOBT, Secretary. — * '.:-,.
should emanate from the car employes.
Harry A. Knox; the chairman of the com
mittee, in accordance with this agree
ment, said: - ' • . ; - ; ; ••¦•
There Vas nothing Aits was ijrfa°.fiere that
is going to be. put In the 1 pap*??.? o The : only
statement- we thought " It . would be policy " to
make wa» simply to state to the papers-tiiat
the agreement had been presented and 'all th~
articlesiUalkad oven The dttwiora »nr<ttM
tbe -matter .under -consideration" and .will -notify
us, when they want to meet us- again. •
'^President Holland and Attorney Ford
confirmed' the statement made by Knox.
Both said the '¦ matter j was discussed in
every way in the most friendly spirit,' and
as soon as the demands could be digested
by the futt board of directors the' carmen
would be again called to meet with the
directors, and all differences would then
probably- be settled. •-' .-.:..,
Considerable good feeling was mani
fested last night at the headquarters of
the car employes at the Turk-street Tem
ple. Soon, after the .committee returned
from the conference the members went
into the room of the executive committee
and remained in . conference for several
hours. The hall gradually filled •• with
men, and about 8 o'clock Knox. an
nounced to those -present the . result ' of
the day's work.- He said: .,*7* * :.
We met the directors of the United Railroads
in conference this afternoon and discussed - the
matter in all its phases. We are not prepared
to makel public what occurred, at the meeting
but one thing I can tell you. is that we were
most pleasantly received and • want over every
phase of our demands. - There will be nothing
doing to-night. So go to your homes and rest
for you may need to use your muscles as "of
old before many hours. • ...¦•,--¦
The directors told us they wanted us ta
present our demands to • a . full board, tent as
several of them cannot be on hand to-night
their, decision must bs deferred until to-mor
row. They win notify Mayor Schmitz and he
will notify us. . Hope for the best.
The e,xecutive and arbitration commit
tees of the. car employes were In session
until a late hour last night considering
possible objections to the various sections
of the demand and the best arguments
to advance. to. overcome such objections
The board of directors' of the IJnitcd
Railroads wilt meet this morning when
the matter will be given full considera
tion. An agreement will probably ba
reached late this- afternoon. •, - .-
" • - « . ' ' , ' ¦ *l^ I K " ' ' ¦ ¦
San Francisco-r-Slr: . Reply ln«r to your, cour
teous note of to-day we. b«B to repeat. cur en
tire willingness tq meet a. committee of the
empldyes of ;ihe several" companies tmjja whom
we* recently' purchase certain ""street Tallway ;
line*. In" this city, r'-- ' :•>-¦ • ¦.'<••¦ '•¦..- •¦./•"
5 W* had hoped to meet and confer with such
a committee this forenoon at -10, as outlined in
our correspondence with you of yesterday, and
regret that committee coald not see Us way
clear. to confer with the company- ¦ * 1 .
v. e are still desirous' of .meeting the em
rian eS h^ r i a ;K Commlt , tee representing them, and
o» raTll^ P *- S . h tt" nPlOyeS ay S^ th « Wisdom
wff , e at the com Pany's office and" having
rriJl^J?? £ ad frank ««»«"»»«>n at" the earliest
convenient hour.' Respectfully, "-. - ' =. t
LNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
DI?e V ctors eCUtlVe • CommlUee ' ° f »ts Board of
Attest: GEORGE B. WILLCUTT. Sec.'
n'Ai,i e ?h minu t es later President Cor
sss awsaa asss: ssr t
rtnfoi 16 U J & .i d that tne Invitation K a^I
?« P «?*"'«? d tha } the special committee go
to the offices of the company. Kf 3 C oun-
Dlaced r hfr n iIe i ( J', and the MayorKt once
fo?nly F™d communication with At
"^ in V at tlme "i" you meet the car
men?" queried the Mayor: - a
- -As the cars are stopped and It Is rain
ing," responded Ford, "it will be- hard
to get our directors toge:ner " <
<™ rests with you. now,"- said the
fesssajassaias to waik doi " !
- CONFEBENCE IS HAD
in the Wells-Fargo ffidlnl
rhnriP^w"?^ p r sident Arthur Ho Jnd
mmmrn
proceedings. It was decide? hi *h the
ferencethat 23
r Failed to Find Poison.
Emily Koch, a woman about 25 years
of ape, was treated at the Emergency
Hospital last night for' supposed strych
nine poisoning 1 . She was brought" from
the lodging house at 72 Ninth street, an.1
after a short tfeatment by Dr. .Maher
was sent home. No trace of poison was
found in her stomach.
THE SAN rBAyciSCO GA1,L, THURSDAY, APEEL 24, 1902.
4
| TO AND FROM
j Un Account of the Strike.
J J ele Phonfc Private Exchange 37.
I ; M.; FRIEDMAlSl & CO.
I. FURNITURE, CARPETS, DRAPERIES
223-5-7 Post Street.
.¦^*:""H>'"-'-;-'"v.f ¦'"' : ' •..--•_.-.•.;.. .... ,< .. ..
comfortable;
reliable and cheaper
Than Street Cars.
SNELLS TR1 BUNES
$25.00 to $5O;bb.
LEAVITT «fe BILL,
307-309 Larkin St.CHAFFEE MAY WAGE WAR OH MOROS
Verdict Is Voluntary Manslaughter.
; GUNNISON, Colo., April 23.— The Jury
in the. case of Deputy Game Commissioner
Mahaney,* who killed William Womack
last fall while the latter was fishing in
Grand ¦ Mesa : Lakes, which were claimed
as private property, by William Redcliffe
an Englishman, rendered a'.verdict of vol
untary manslaughter.
VANCOUVER,. Wash.,: April » 23.—Re
ceiver A. B. Eastham'of the First Na
tional A Bank, which: suspended -here a
year ago, has received notice from, the
Comptroller of -the . Currency . that an as
sessment .. of > 60 per cent has been . levied
by the department upon; the stockholders.
It is estimated that the amount expected
to be • raised : by -the assessment will be
sufficient, with the remaining assets of
the ? suspended -bank, ..to >' make up the
deficit of -23 per cent still due depositors
and pay- the other creditors. ,
Defunct Bank's Stock Assessed.
FRKEPORT, 111.. April 23.— Hon. Robert
Hltt was renomlnated for Congress here to
day. '.iX- ¦¦'-T • ' '¦* "•' -..'
- SEATTLE. April • 23. — Plans . are ¦ tinder way
for the laying of tha keel of the battleship Ne
braska on July 4., Governor B. ' P. Savage of
Nebraska and his staff will be Invited to at
tend..:; - ¦; ... .-- -.--¦¦.
„ STOCKTON. -April S3:-Late"thte*after
noon rain commenced, falling here and a
steady precipitation was kept up till after
10 o'clock to-night, when ".38 ; of an inch
had been -received. With the shower of
Sunday, this; puts wheat, and barlev in
splendid shape. • .' , .-;-'- n
FRESNO, April 23 .^-It, commenced rain
ing at 9 o'clock to-night,' and at 11 o'clock
the indications were that it would ¦ con!
tinue. during. the night. It will assure a
good grain crop in this county *
SAN JOSE,: April; 23.-Rain has been
falling at ; intervals all . day. en
SANTA; CRUZ.' April 23.— RalnV "com
menced to 'fall -this; afternoon 'at 3 o'clock
and there has been a steady do wnDour
: - MODESTO, April 23.-Timely rain beean
falling early this evening: and gives prom
ise of continuing all* night.- ¦¦¦ ¦¦ . i > .
.-. ¦-. .. ¦ .¦ » > — ? — ---: ¦-
The Most Elegant
And serviceable finish for your skirt edge
is S. H.'&M. bias velveteen: It does not
deface the shoes. > Look ¦ on ¦ back of each
yard. for trade-mark S. H.'& M. •
RAINFALL IS HEAVY/,";.
; AT - INTERIQB . POINTS
Insures Good Crops Throughout the
• Valley of . the San *
\ ¦ Joaquin: '
Los Angeles Club Bids Again.
LOS ANGELES, April. 23.— Los Angeles
has, made another ! bid ! for the . Jeffries-
Fltzsimmons .fight. Manager- McCarey
and -Directors Morley, Brink, Christopher
and Levy of the Century, Athletic Club
held a meeting to-night after conferring
with Jeffries and Joe Egan. and ; decided
to make an offer of 80 per cent of the
gross receipts for- the u\g mill., Jeffries
at once telegraphed Fltzsimmons; ex
plaining the situation here and • in San
Francisco, and setting . forth -the advant
ages of Los Angeles. owing to, the 8 trlke
in. the northern city. . He also stated' his
money, would; be posted in San Francisco
to-morrow.-: • • •-...', V"..
WASHINGTON, April 23,-The Presi
dent to-day nominated Stephen F. Kelly
postmaster at San Bernardino, Cal. Com
menting on the appointment of Kelly Sen
ator Perkins said: .
"I am glad to see the appointment of
Kelly as postmaster. I was instrumental
in securing his appointment ¦ four years
ago, . and as he has been a ; good, post
master and as I believe In the merit sys
tem In civil service I shall exert myself
to have him confirmed promptly."
Name of the San Bernardino Man
- . ¦ Sent to Senate for Federal
, Appointment.
PRESIDENT NOMINATES
$ ' KELLY FOB POSTMASTER
Japanese Laborers Strike.
WOODLAND, April 23.— Word comes
from Winters that . the • Japanese, who
have been receiving $1 23 a day for or
chard work, have gone on strike for (3
a day, and the orchardists are now look
ing for white help.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 23.—
At the annual meeting of the. Associated
Students to nominate ofllcers for the en
suing year the following were placed in
nomination: For president— C. F. Dittmar
'03, W. B. Ba'rnhisel '03; for vice presi
dent—Chester Naramore '03; for secretary
— J.lG.Dehy '03; for treasurer— H. J. Ed
wards '01, T. L. McFadden '00; for I the
executive committee— B. E. Nourse, C. K.
Studley and. A. M. Thomson for- the class
"Of 1903: H. L. Hamilton, G. H. Clark,' B.
C. Bubb and W. C. Carpenter for the
class of 1904 and J. Col em an and J. ,C.
Nlssen for the;class of 1905; for the ath
letic committee— L. C. Hawley '03, A. S.
Henley '04, J. C. Taylor '04, J. C.sMc-
Caughern '03, H. S. Lee '03, F. A. Brown
'02, T. McCaughern '05, A. B. Watson '04,
D. V. Cowden '02; for editor of "the Dally
Palo Alto, Thoreau Crony n '02; for busi
ness manager of the. Daily Palo Alto— J.'
A;.- Quelle.";. N. C. : Grider : '03 and A. R.
Dole '03; for, editor of the Sequoia— R. E.
Renaud '03, < Waldemar Young '04; for
manager of the Sequoia— J. B. Gildersleeve
'02, . M. H. Farrar '04, M. F. . McCormick.
The election will occur one week from to
day. [ ---y : - : "• ¦ '¦ ¦'
Students Nominate Officers*
Taooma society turned out in force at
to-day's auction, securing former Vander
bilt furniture. at a fraction of its original
cost. It comprised splendid furnishings
purchased here and in the East a num
ber of years ago with special reference
to matching the beautiful home which
they adorned. Several days ago the Van
derbilt family visited the auction rooms
and redeemed a number of things which
possessed an exclusively family Interest.
Just why no effort was made to redeem
the entire lot of mortgaged, furniture is
a theme for much gossip locally. • .
: TACOMA. April 23.— A local money
broker to-day sold at public auction the
furniture and household goods of Jacob
H. Vanderbilt, son of the late Jacob Van
derbllt of New York, who was a brother
of William H. Vanderbilt. The sale was
made to satisfy a chattel mortgage for
$700, given prior to the failure last No
vember of the Metropolitan Bank, of
which Jacob H. Vanderbilt was « an of
ficer. His. New York relatives advanced
$500,(00 to pay the bank's debts, but did
not render him any personal assistance.
He has a small income from New York
and is now living at a private family
hotel. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Ihcre are no anti-Chinese restrictions
in the Transvaal country, and when the
v.'3r is finally concluded, the director of
the local syndicate believes, there will be
openings for Chinese labor of, all kinds—
laundrymen, market gardeners, under
ground men and shovel wlelders. . " -"
When Johannesburg was taken by the
British Government it was found that
almcst all of the mines that had been In
operation before the war had been aban
doned and in many places had caved In
from want of care. The Kaffir laborers
have become scattered and there is a
great demand ¦ for cl\eap workmen. Now
that things are in the control of British
in Johannesburg, it is expected that the
mines will be immediately reopened and
worked and that Chinese laborers will be
In demand. To satisfy this expected de
mand and also as a speculation the pres
ent band of coolies has been brought
over. Should the venture be profitable,
more -will follow. ¦ - "
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 23.— A syn
dicate of- Chinese merchants of Vancou
ver has entered into a speculation that
connects the two,ends of the earth. The
plan is for an invasion of the labor mar
ket in South Africa. Several of the busi
ness men of Vancouver's Chinatown Have
decided to go into large operations In
Johannesburg. By the Empress of China,
which arrived from the Orient last night,
200 Chinese were brought over by the
local syndicate and are now in the cus
toms. The Orientals come under contract
to proceed to South- Africa at once and to
remain there five years. A contract rate
of wages is guaranteed 'by the Chinese
Six Companies. ¦ ~i ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SHERIFF SELLS
THE FURNITURE
MONGOL COOLIES
FOR THE BAND
QUINCT, Cal.. April 23.— Ten thousand
Inches of the water of Yellow Creek, In
Humbug Valley, Plumas County, has
been located for the Western Power Com
pany, recently organized in Los Angeles.
This water is to be conveyed to Mosquito
Creek, combined with 120^000 inches from
Big. Meadows and . Butte Valley and
dropped 1600 feet to a 300,000 horsepower
plant in the canyon of the North Fork.
The Western Power Company has • Just
filed articles of incorporation In. Plumas.
Its capital stock is $5,000,000. One hundred
thousand dollars has already been Invest
ed in reservoir sites. Three hundred and
twenty acres of land, covering the site of
the power plant, has been located. W. T.
Earl and other capitalists are organizers
of the project, its main purpose being to
transmit electrical power ,to San Fran
cisco and way points. • ¦
cles of Incorporation in
Plumas County.
Western Power Company Files Arti-
ITS CAPITAL STOCK IS
FIVE MILLION DOLLARS
the compact was dissolved by mutual con
sent on April 26, 1900. At that time they
•agreed to equally share the gains and
losses of the business. Gaddini gave
Passalacqua $3770 and assumed the indebt
edness of the firm. Passalacqua alleges
that there still remains In possession of.
the defendant much property of which
no division or accounting was had.
and liquor business in San Francisco and
SANTA ROSA, April 23.— A. D. Passal
acqua brought an action for an account
ing with his former partner, G. Gaddini,
In the Superior Court to-day. The men
formed a partnership on August 25, 1898,
to conduct a wholesale and retail wine
Sues His Former Partner.
M The proposed visit of the Olympic base
ball team to Honolulu was discussed in at
night.at a meeting of the local FbaVe mil
league: The matter was left to the^rrVm
olulu Athletic Club. -The main 'dlfflcSuJ
£. the matter of a. field for the game/
There is.no inclosed field here at preSnr'
though it is planned to get . one.. Un. to
these circumstances it would not h«v AA«
Bible to collect gate money and °th e entol
prise would leave a big deficit. r. ¦
United States Judge Estee this morninK
8: t Ve ,fv d , e 5f 8l £ n ,f w , ard i nsr tha tw » sailors
who libeled the bark Frank W. Howe S240
each extra compensation on account of
shortage of food and bad food on board
the vessel on her trip from New York to
Mauritius and from Mauritius' here The
Judge found that the men had ha'di less
than two-thirds . of the legal rations ami
that they. had been kept in crampM and
leaking. quarters.' -The libelants are Da
vid Hall, and Edward Woods, two
negroes, who ¦ are now in the hospital
noru, - ' ' '- . *'. H , " * . * v " ¦ • ¦ i
• At the same meeting the Board of
,-Health decided adversely to the applica
tion of a French woman named Marie
Leurquin, who wrote from Brussels to
Miss Alice Roosevelt, asking to be aT
lowed to devote herself to serving the
lepeos. The letter was forwarded here
from Washington. Bishop Gulstan to
whom the board referred the matter 'ex
pressed the opinion that there ml?h't be
inharmony between her | and the Sisters
now doing such work, and Sister Mari
anne of the Bishop Home at the settle
ment thought that the French woman
would not find the field she expected fo
her labors. The correspondence from
Washington was referred back to actinic
Governor j Cooper, who will reply at his
discretion. ¦ • \ .... ¦ ; .-...'.." . . ;
The board appointed J. D. McVeigh of
Honolulu, who was formerly. in charge of
Quarantine Island, to succeed Reynolds
as superintendent.. ' "
The committee found that a leper named
Pilipo Mikila was arrested on a charge
of stealing sheep and leaving /he leper
settlement without permission. ' He . was
kept in Jail without trial from: December
4, 1901, to March 12, 1W2, and because ho
refused to confess, a,- companion^ having
confessed, was put in^ close confinement.
The committee finds that an' outrage was
committed in punishing -the -unfortunate
man for refusing to. confess >to ; a crime
of which he had not been convicted, and
adds that Reynolds and Oliver "are men
in charge responsible to the territorial
government ahd to humanity for such
help and comfort as can be given to
nearly 900 , human beings isolated
frorti all the world and slowly dying. ¦ We
are forced to the conclusion that not
only did Dr. Oliver neglect Mlkila^ but
also, that he has neglected hla work in
other respects. He has shirked grave
professional duties, delegating them to a
leper who has no professional training.
He has kept- no data worth mentioning.
There is no other place on earth where
leprosy can be studied so advantageously
as the leper j settlement : on ¦ Molokai.
The physician stationed there, if he can
rise to" his opportunities, has grood pros
pects of ¦ world-wide fame. We find that
Dr. Oliver has deserved very severe cen
sure." - . :¦¦:¦¦ ¦¦..¦:. . : . .
I HONOLULU;^-H..., T., April 18.-The
Board of Health : this afternoon voted "to
accept the resignation of Superintendent
C. B. Reynolds, of" the Molokai. leper set
tlement and Dr. Richard Oliver, resident
physician; : on account of a case of 'neg
lect: of- a- dying- leper, which was Investi
gated by a special committee of the board.;
,The case was' brought to the attention!
of the Attorney. , General* by/a ; ietter' from
a -leper friend of« the •y1etlm«*4-'the^Jietp~
lect. A committee* of -the board', went' to
Molokai and. held an investigation- in the
leper settlement Courthouse. ¦ » - - i4 - : - -< .
General James F. _Wade, in command of
the American forces on Cebu Island, tele
graphs deprecating the return of Lieuten
ant Colonel Baldwin to Malaban. He"
thinks a prompt advance will soon, settle
the difficulty, with little or no bloodshed.
The Moros, he points out, at present are
not united, but they assuredly would .be
so if the Americans relinquished ',,'the
ground they have now gained. ' . '¦:>
LYNN, Mass., April 23.— Two: Lynn men,;
William Labell and Albert W. Bertrand,
formerly privates in Company D, Twenty
sixth Regiment, U. S. V., have- Bent to
Senator Lodge a statement of Instances
of the application of the "water cure" in
the Philippines that came under their
observation. Bertrand was clerk of Com
pany D and regimental clerk at headquar
ters while the regiment was stationed at
Panay. Latell says that while at Anllao
three natives were taken by Company D
men into a Catholic church and given the
"water cure." One of the natives refused
to tell where Insurgent guns were secret
ed and. after he had been given the "wa
ter cure" he was blindfolded and one of
the soldiers fired his gun near the man's
head. The instant the gun was fired an
other member of the squad hit the native
with a stone and he was told he had been
shot. The native then told the United
States soldiers where they could find the
guns. Labell gives the names of the of
llcers and privates who participated in
administering the punishment.
Labell further says that in the sum
mer of 1900, while the United States forces
were about three miles from Estancla,
Company D captured three natives and
gave them the "water otire." After the
men had been filled with water, blood
came from their eyes and ears. •
Bertrand has furnished Senator Lodge
with particulars of the alleged disap
pearance and killing of Father Augustine,
a Catholic priest. He says it was report
ed that Father Augustine knew where in
surgent gold ,was burled. Men from Com
pany D captured him in 1900 and dressed
him in a uniform of the United States
artillery. He was then taken to Banato
and kept in a well. He refused to tell
where the gold was buried, and on the
night of December 9 he was taken to a
house formerly occupied by the Presi
dente of the village. Upon his arrival
there, Bertrand says, the water cure was
given. him by the "water cure squad."
The men proceeded to get nearly all the
water out of him, but lie did not revive
The men became frightened, and a sur
geon was sent for. His services proved
unsuccessful, and, Bertrand says, the
priest died. ¦ :•'¦
Some of the men were sworn to Becrecy,
and the body was burled in a plat of land
used by the troops as a baseball ground
Bertrand says that a non-commlssloned
officer was seen with the priest's watch
and chain, and when the commanding of
ficer learned this they were turned over
to him. Bertrand gives the names of the
men taking part, and also refers to sev
eral officers.
. According to Labell, when Company D
was out on a "hike" while stationed at
Dungas In July, 1900, the. men were or
dered to burn everything, and see that no
grown person escaped.. - . . -
This, Labell says, the men proceeded to
do. Labell and Bertrand say that while
at Dungas the soldiers: came to a hut
where a native woman had Just given
birth to a child. The husband was made
a prisoner, and the woman and' child were
dragged from the house and. left on the
ground. The native- shack was then
burned, but Labell and. Bertrand do not
know what became of the woman and
child. ¦• : ¦ ,
MANILA, April 23. — A telegram from
Lieutenant Colonel Frank L. Baldwin,
who is operating against the Moros on the
island of Mindanao, says he is being con
tinually harassed by the .enemy. He has
captured Sultan Pualo's fort.- - 1
Washington's Executive Will Not
Let Lack of Funds Check the
Litigation.
TACOMA, April 23.— Although the ques
tion of obtaining funds for the payment of
the expenses of the State of Washington
in prosecuting its action against the
Northern Securities Company Is admitted
to be very serious, Governor McBrlde as
serted emphatically to-day that he would
not follow the course of Governor Van
Sant of Minnesota in calling an extra ses
sion of the Legislature to provide the
sinews for fighting the merger.
*'I .would pay the expenses out of my
own pocket first," he said.
When asked how much money there
was now available to pay traveling and
incidental expenses of the Attorney Gen
eral in <he railroad case, he said there
was none. The small fund appropriated
for the incidental expenses of the Attor
ney General haa been exhausted, but the
Governor has a fund of $1000, appropriated
to defray the costs of Investigations into
alleged infractions of the law. Possibly
thie money can be used.
Attorney General Stratton arrived home
to-day. Both he and the Governor are de
termined that the State's cas« against the
railroad merger shall not be dropped for
lack of money. • '
G0VER2TOB MAY PAY COSTS
OF ANTI-MERGEB SUIT
WASHINGTON, April 23.-The House
Committee on Naval Affairs to-day
amended the provision of the naval ap
propriation bill b» that one of the new
battleships or armored cruisers must be
built in a Government navy-yard.
At the 'meeting yesterday a provision
was adopted giving the Secretary of the
Navy discretionary authority to build
any or ail of the new ships In Government
yards. But the friends of the navy-yard
proposition were not,. satisfied with this,
maintaining that, as the Navy Depart
ment officially was opposed to building in
Government yards, the discretionary au
thority would not be exercised.
As a result, the provision, was amended
to-day so that the Secretary's authority
remains as to build all the ships in Gov
ernment yards, but the additional pro
vision is made that one battleship or one
armored cruiser shall be built in such
navy-yard as the Secretary may desig
nate. An appropriation of $175,000 Is made
to fit up the yard for ship-building pur
poees, and arrangement is made for a
test of the merits of Government con
struction by keeping detailed accounts of
labor and material, leaves of absence,
etc., so that the. items of cost may be
compared with those of construction in
private shipyards. The vote directing the
building of the ship in a Government yard
was:
Ayes — Bull, Tayler. of Ohio, Roberts of
Massachusetts, Meyer of Louisiana, Tale,
Rixey, Kitchin and Vandiver. ; .
• Noes— Foss, Dayton, Loudenslager, But
ler, Mudd and Cousins.
In other respects the naval bill was
left as agreed upon yesterday, with ',two
battleships, two armored ¦ cruisers and
two gunboats as- the "allowance i of ¦ new
ships. . - • '. ..
LEPER'S PLAINT
CAUSES SCANDAL
nock Hall is a copy of .the -'room in which
Shakespeare was born.- In- this rbom pic*
tures and books and other Shakespearean
mementos will be displayed. . '
¦ - ¦ - ¦ ,'• ~""\S^ ¦•' .-'¦. ' . ¦ '„- -•
shakespearean home. and
'women who. Labored for
its construction.' ~
Injured— John. Kellogg of Reardon, in
jured internally, may. die; Bert Lindley,
express messenger, shoulder dislocated,
Eugene Rice, passenger, internal injuries;
child named Phelps, 3 years old, wrists
broken. . ...
NEIL BOWIE of Reardon.
• ¦ SPOKANE, j April ; ' 23.— The _ passenger
train' from- Co.ulesjCity^ to Spokane on the
CentralTWashirigtonaRallroad was "Wreck-"
ed ;about:.9:05. o'clock' this morning/; One
passenger is dead, two ; more may die and
several j were. * injured. The : wreck oc
curred two and one-half miles ! west of
Cheney. It is believed to have been
caused by one of Uje rods of . a cattle
guard tipping up arid catching in the
truck of . a car. I The engine passed over
safely, but the mail and baggage cars
were derailed and tipped partly over,
while both passenger coaches were thrown
on their sides in the ditch. The killed:
Washington.
Injured ;in a Wreck in
One I/if e : Lost and Several Persons
•After graduation he remained in New
Haven. as general secretary of the Uni
versity ; Young Men's . Christian : Assccia
tion, a. position that he retained for three
years. vln'1894' he- received ,'ihe degree 'of
B;"A. and In 1897 he -became an M. A: for
work-in the Semitic langauges and Bib
lical literature. Following ;this he be
came traveling secretary ' ¦ of the -- Aus
tralasian Student Christian Union. In
1900 he .traveled through Egypt, Ceylon,
Palestine; b and other less f requen ted i parts
of the world, returning to Yale, where he
spent -a year'ln .specials study, lecturing,
preaching : and magazine -writing. ;. -J3JU
.-.T?-^'-'*f^'--r^ i *f-'"^.- •'"* *.';-::' --- : :..:-.-
ENGINE' VAND ]'. COACHES^. ¦ v •
, GO INTO THJB. BiTCH
- The Rev: William H. Sallmon is a Can
adian by birth, having been born in Lon
don, .'Ontario. | He went through the col
legiate - institute there and prepared him
self/for entrance to the University^ of
Toronto. He finally decided, however, to
engage in business, which he adhered to
for several years, meantime becoming in
terested in the work of the Young Men's
.Christian Association. He : next "went • to
Markham Academy, Milwaukee. Wis., to
prepare himself for' Yale. • '- ¦ . • •• ¦
HONOLULU. April 23.— The Rev. Wil
liam II. Sallmon of Bridgeport, Conn., has
been invited to' accept the presidency of
Oahu College, in Honolulu, < beglning. with
the first, term of . the next college year
after the summer vacation.' The selection
is' a -unanimous one on the part of the
trustees and this ., will be the -first Inti
mation that Sallmon receives that his ser
vices are wanted: here. . • .. v. . -
Ham Sallmon to Accept the
•. '.Presidency. -
CONNECTTCTJT CLERGYMAN
¦IS CA1LED TO HAWAII
Oahu College Invites the Rev. Wil-
NATION TO BUILD
ONE OF WARSHIPS
LOS ANGELES; April 23.— While
soft music floated out from an
orchestra screened behind palms,
Cumnock Hall, at 1500 South
Figueroa - street, ¦ was formally
dedicated this evening by the Women's
Shakespearean Club in the presence of
1200 guests. The decorations were big jars
and bowls of lilies, stocks, carnations and
Cherokee roses, palms, ferns and other
greenery. .:
Cumnock Hall is modeled after Shakes
peare's home. The hall is large, and, al
though simple, is very attractive. On the
second floor are study rooms. All of the
furniture in the building is made after
the massive old English style. The cur
tains on the windows were in keeping
with the rooms. \ •
"Sweet girl graduates," varying In age
from 17 to 70 years, members of Mrs. Kate
Tupper Galpin's Shakespeare class, re-
ceived diplomas in the new hall. this af
ternoon, the anniversary of Shakespeare's
birth and death. The little rolls of sheep
skin, tied with purple ribbon, that Mrs.
Galpin • presented to each, certified that
the recipient had studled.critically twenty
of Shakespeare's plays, • under the guid
ance of Mrs. Galpin. -
In the class were Miss Marietta Calla
han. Miss Therese Levy, Miss Julia
Marion Wyman. Miss Estelle Cohen, Miss
Ray Cohen, i Mrs. Elizabeth Lincoln
Browne, Mrs. Earle Osborne. Mrs. Charles
Sherwood and Mrs. J. S. Thayer.
An interesting programme was rendered
by the class and, members of the choir of
the Church of the Angels, under the direc
tion of Mrs. Campbell Johnston and
Thomas W. Wilde. An orchestra made up
of young women calling themselves the
Lotus Trio played sweet old English airs.
Ferns; palms and other greenery and
great clusters of flowers beautified the
entire building.
The Shakespeare Club's room in Cum-
Great preparations axe being made for
the mussel bake and barbecue. In this
line of entertainment Santa Cruz excels.
Grank Gilbert left last night with Floyd
Uhden and A- Googins in a gasoline
launch for Carmel Bay. beyond Mon
terey, where they will gather the mus
sels. They have taken a skiff with them
to tow the two tons of mussels they ex
pect to bring back.
The decorators have arrived from San
Francisco and are to commence work at
once. They wilL render Pacific avenue at
tractive with streamers and flags. The
Paciiie Ocean House Hall. Odd Fellows'
Hall, where the sessions are to be held.
and the Armory, where the ball will oc
cur, will be decorated with bunting,
flowers and evergreens. The Sea Beach
Hotel decorations are to be of flowers.
At the welcome reception on Monday
evening in the Ocean House Hall there
will be addresses of welcome by Mayor
Clark and other citizens and responses
by the grand officers. A musical pro
gramme of high order has been arranged
and the evening will close with an infor
mal hop.
Tickets will be Issued to each delegate
and accompanying ladies, entitling them
to drive around the Cliff drive and to
Camp Capitola and return. This trip
may be taken at any time during the
session or on the Friday or Saturday fol
lowing.
Monday — 10 a. in., session of Grand Parlor;
2 p. m.. session of Grand Parlor. Evening,
public reception at Pacific Ocean House Hau.
Tuesday — Morning, session of Grand Parlor;
12 m. to 2 p. m., muesel bake ,and barbecue,
preceded by parade from 1. 0. 1O. F. hall to
the Leach; 2:30 p. m., session of Grand Par
lor. Evening, session of the Grand Parlor.
We/inesday — Morning, session or Grand Par
lor; 2:30 p. m., session of Grand Parlor. Even
ing, ball in the Armory.
Thursday — Morning, session of Grand Parlor;
afternoon, session ot Grand Parlor and baseball
game at Dolphin Park. Evening, banquet in
t-ea Beach Hotel.
SAXTA CRUZ, April 23.— The commit
tees preparing for the coming Grand Par
lor of the Native Sons of the Golden West
are fcard at work. The delegates are to
be met on their arlrval on Sunday by the
members of the local parlor and a band.
A iiarade will be formed and the visitors
¦will march up town. The official pro
gramme has been announced as follows:
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The other corporation is the American
Security and Trust Company and its capi
tal stock is ' $10,000,000, j tUe, shares of flOO
each. . Its principal oftlce, outside .* of
Phoenix, is to be in Detroit, 'the horhe'of
the incorporators-^Melvin C. Gray, Elijah
H." Stanley and-Roger S. Olds. The cor
poration proposes to do a variety of things
in the United' States, Hawaii, the Philip
pines and Central America, including min
ing, and 'milling enterprises, .railroad
building, ship building, the construction
of -water: ways andharbors, the handling
of securities, etc. ' '•.¦¦•.»"¦
• The corporation is authorized ' to ope-'
rate .smelters and . to v/ork copper, ¦ iron,
steel and other, metals, in any mannen- to
make armor plate, locomotives and en
gines ;i: to .build; railroads and ships, in
fact, to do. .anything into which these
metals may enter. v v . * .".' ...
; ; The -'capital'-- stock is" $15,UUO,U00 and the
par value A 0f "shares ?100. The incorpora
tors are B. P. Brennlng, Marcus Pollasky,
James H. Bridge, William G. . Bussey,
Henry \V.~ Hodge, Edwin C: Stump, Jo
seph W. Stanford.V Seymour P. ¦ Thomas
and A. E. Piorkowski,,all of New York.
PHOENIX, 1 ;. April 23.— The articles "bl
two V large corporations- have ( 'been:. filed
,wlth^the c - County » Recorder here.. One- of
them is- to 'have headduarters ~'in, San
FrauciscoJ- It Is the- "Western • Iron -and
Steel Company, which names -Phoenix as
its principal, place of business; as required
by 'the 1 incorporation laws," and says 'a'
branch business and' executive office may
be 'maintained in; San Francisco. . ...
Special Dispatch to -The Call.
Mussel Bake and Barbecue
Form a Feature of the
Programme.
Western; Iron and Steel Com
"" pany Will Have Office in
'¦¦;¦'¦ '¦¦¦¦¦ San Francisco.
Two New Corporations
: File Articles in
'¦ ¦: Phcenix. .'7.
Santa Cruz Will Keep
Grand Parlor Dele
gates Busy.
CAPITAL STOCK
IN THE MILLIONS
AWAITS COMING
OF THE NATIVES
THE SAN FBANQISCO ¦Vjb^^,V^T^BSpAY, APRIL 24, 1902.
Literary Women of Los Angeles Throw Open the Doors; of a-Pic
turesque Structure in Which ; the Classic Works of the -Im
mortal Bard of Avon .Will- Be Studied; and His Memory^ Honored
DEDICATE A NEW HALL MODELED
AFTER THE HOME OF SHAKESPEARE
Continued From Page One.
5
Established 1823.
. JAKE JOSEPH. Representative. 300 Battery Street. San FrancLK«
How to buy furniture
and carpets
without ready
money
o — — '. — '. — — -
We will loan you the money for a regular banking
rate of interest— six per cent. And you can pay . us
back little by little in unfelt amounts. Then you can
go to one of the first-class furniture stores, with whom
we have made special arrangements, where the stock is
big and fresh and where satisfaction is certain,* and
. when you have made your selection you can pay your
bill in full with good, hard cash.
Isn't this better than buying in the installment stores
and being compelled' to select your goods from smaller
and inferior stocks?
The installment stores charge you ; ten per cent
above their cash prices when you ask for long credit.
.; - All you pay us is six per cent. '• , .
For example: If your purchases amount' to $100.00
we wilf charge you $106.00— which is a six percent
advance; then you pay us $20.00 cash and the balance
in monthly payments amounting to $8.60 each month.
* If your purchases amount to $75.00 we will charge you
$79-50; you make us a cash payment on this of $15.00
and pay the balance at the easy rate of $6.45 per
month.
You save four per cent You have the great privi-
lege of buying in a first-class store, and yet you get
all the advantages of the easy payment plan as offered
by the installment houses!
No amount of money is too small for us to. loan.; .
Worth looking into, don't you think?"
Gould, Sullivan & Co.,
(REMOVED TO)
Room 1403 "Call" Building,
TcL John 2336. Corner Market and Third Sts.
."'¦ _*j_ * ADV^^TISEMEirr^^v^^ V ,^ v _ .,-.-.-.
Women in the Springtime Need a Tonic.
Spring Fever Is Spring Catarrh.
. Peruna Cures Catarrh.
§' ' Cff^^S^^^^^j k Beantifnl ||j Wo-
'. * • >••»>¦>»»» ••••••••••••• »»»#«»« t May 5, 1901. J
TbeliPexuna- -Medicine Co.,. Columbus, Ohio.
¦ ¦¦= Ge&ttemen}^ 4i tzsuffered with pain in my right side for over eight years.
Doctors said my liver was affected. My complexion mas dark and yellow, I
had a bad taste in my mouth, and was tired all the time. I took a great
deal of medicine, but nothing seemed to do \ me any good. I read in the
paper of Peruna/ and decided to give it a trial. I telt better before the
first bottle was: gone, and after taking three bottles I was cured, and I
have enjoyed perfect health since." 1 -LENA HILTON.
L . Miss Lena Hilton Is President of the Wednesday Whist Club, of Los Angeles.'
AS a spring, medicine Peruna is a As this was out of the question for a
never failing remedy. It cleanses time. I began to look around for other
"the blood through digestion, and means of restoring my health, j
gives tone to the whole system by in- ..t had o f> en heard of p»nma an an o-r
creasing the nutritive value of the food, celled tonic soTb^ou-ht a bottl^n sp«
"Spring fever,"; as it is sometimes called, "iat it would do fo^?^e and^t cVtalSfv
•mi 1C Snfina U b7litv%o r do- 0 much 1 m^ta f ro 1 ;
ing, and inability to do much mental or < t -„,» »„ i o ™ thirl t™-^ _,.,i,. \ ,„„„ i_
S±SS£S& te the rC3Ult ° f " SlUgSiSh £'< tct heiuh/a'ndn^
The g?eat popularity that Peruna has a^ t^r need""^ Or tW ° of Peru » a ld
is due to the fact that in all such cases 1 neea. _ ':^.l~: r
it at once corrects digestive derangements -. ¦ ¦ ¦ . . » K8> «*• *•• *l-VN.
and enriches the blood by purifying this If you do not derive prompt and sati3-
very important source of that vital fluid, factory results from the use of Peruna.
Mrs. J.'E. Finn, 82 East High street, ?'^l te at once Dr - Hartman, giving a
Buffalo, N. Y., writes: ' u11 statement of your case, and he will
"A few years ago I had to give up so- Dfe Pleased to give you his valuable ad-
cicl life entirely, as my health was com- vice gratis.
pletely broken down. The doctor advised Address Dr. Hartman. President of Tha
a complete change and rest for a year. Kart man. Sanitarium. Coiumbus. O.THURSDAY i .APRIL gjj^.jjjg
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. g
Addrtn All CemmuiaUoni to W. 8. LEAKE, Xuagtr. V
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. P.
EDITORIAL ROOMS..... 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CAIX. -The Operator Will Connect.
You With the Department You Wish.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Slnsrle Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by Mail, Inclndlnff Postage! .
DAILY CALL, (including Sunday), one year v ..$6.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months .,... 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 3 months 1.60
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 65c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year '. .".... 1-50
•WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
All - postmasters are Athorlxed to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers fn ordering change of address should be
particular to give both KEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xtsager foreign Adrertislng, Xirqnettt Building. Chicago.
(Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C CARLTOY Herald Square
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sberroan House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: \f+
STEPHEN' D. SMITH 3O Tribune Building:
"WASHINGTON- (D. C.) OFFICE 14OC G St.. X. W.
MORTON* 12. CRAN'B, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
9:30 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1090 Va
lencia, open until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9
o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open
until 9 o'clock. v 2200 FIHmore, open until 9 p. m.
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Burean (Allen's), 230 Cali
fornia street- Telephone Main 1042. > ?
Townsend's California glace fruit, 60c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap. bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern friends.
C39 Market St., Palace Hotel building. •
Prunes stuffed with apricots. Townsend's.»
CaL . glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townaend's."
The Orpheum offers extraordinary at
tractions this. week. Milton and Dolly
Nobles are Immensely amusing in "v/txy
Walker . Reformed." the Wilton brothers
do a wonderful horizontal bar act and ths
Knight brothers sins and dance melan
choly far, , far j away. - Sam. Kittle and
Clara Morton. Bank and Wlnona Winter
and the Petchins brothersare in their last
week. The pony ballet is as refreshing as
usual. The biograph ¦ has excellent views
of scenes in thfe Yosemite Valley.
• • •
"Fiddle Dee Dee" continues to - pack
Fischer's Theater to the door at every
performance, notwithstanding the strike.
The burlesque has become -the sensation
of the town and it is certain that it will
run for at" least another month. "Pousse
Cafe" is being rehearsed. Two traves
ties, "A Royal Family" and "Antony and.
Cleopatra," will be. a part of the next
presentation.
There is no strike at the Tlvoli this
week, either on the part of the audience
or the players. The house is filled nightly
with appreciative. crowds and "The For
tune Teller" continues to go with un
exampled vivacity. It is worth more than
one visit, as a goodly number among ltd
audiences have already discovered for
themselves, and should certanly not be
missed. . • ••<-/**•»
the new leading man, Earle Brown, will
make his first appearance here, win be on
Monday night next.
COMEDIAN WHO WILL APPEAR
HERE AND SCENE THAT WILL
BE PRODUCED SUNDAY NIGHT.
Men shaved without soap, ,15c, at Jluss House
Antisentlc Barber Shop,. 217 Montgomery.:.*
The unusual spectacle of several score of Chinese
threatening to resort to riot unless they are, sent
back to China is now interesting and agitating Fed
eral officials in this city. It might be wise to encour-
Bge this home yearning, with peaceful modifica
tions, among many more of our Mongol residents.
PERSPIRATION STAINS— A Subscrib
er, j City:, It is said that for the remov
ing of perspiration stains a strong solu
tion of soda Is, first, to be applied, with a
subsequent rinslng.with water. _ If the ar
ticle stained ; Is a valuable ; one 'it 'Is safer
to send the same to a professional clean
er, as amateurs, without' practice, can In
short ofder ruin a garment. ,
A New York woman who had been playing ping
pong for several hours went violently insane the
other night, killed her son and attempted desperately
to commit suicide. Advocates of the strenuous game
of ping-pong will probably deny any necessary con
nection between the two serious series of events and
the tragic climax.
POLICE EXAMINATION— S. M. J.,
City. -If .you will call at the office of the
Civil . Service Commission and apply for
a\ blank for examination for the police
force of San Francisco, . you will be fur
nished such and "given full Instructions in
the matter of qualifications ' and time of
next examination. '
THOSE DIMES OF 1894— F. B. and C.
P., City. None of the dimes of 18D4, ex
cept twenty-f our that were coined in the
San Francisco ~ Mint in that year, com
mand a premium. - : All . other dimes of
that year are worth Just 10 cents.
It behooves the people of California to "give, heed
to the waste of their forests before they are con
fronted by problems like those which are now per
plexing the people of the older States. VWare soon
to elect members ,to the Legislature, and care-should
be taken to choose men who will give attention to
this as well as to other grave problems of : State poli
tics. The issue is one that cannot be perpetually
evaded. Every, year sees the forest area of the State
diminished, and the menace of a -'deforested ' country
So near is the exhaustion of the timber in those
States that the Department of Agriculture is en
gaged in trying to find a means of profitably cultivat
ing the land after it has been stripped of its trees.' It
is of course quite probable that suitable crops will
be found, but the best of them will I not take the
place of trees nor fulfill all the functions of a forest.
They will not so ' effectively conserve moisture, nor
have such beneficial influences upon climate.! Streams
that through the forests have been running with
steady flow of waters from time, immemorial will
rush away in swollen torrents during the winter. and
after heavy summer 1 rains, leaving the channel- dry in
time of drought Such evils have befallen everyland
where there has been a complete destruction of for
ests, and American experience in that respect is not
going to be different from that of the Old World. : : ;
The Secretary, who has just returned from a trip
through the South, says: "The destruction, of the
forests in the South, and especially in Georgia and
Florida, is proceeding with great rapidity. The land
is being rapidly cleared, and before it is top late a
new agricultural industry must take the place of the
old. The cutting of timber for the market and for
turpentine and like products yields an immense, in
come to the South. But the end is in sight."
SECRETARY WILSON has just given the
country another warning of the approaching
destruction of some of the largest and richest
of our forests. The regions of which he speaks are
the pine lands of the Southern States. It is but a few
years ago that sanguine Americans believed these
woods to.' be 'practically inexhaustible. People
used to say that the forests of New I England, the
Middle States and the Lake States had been swept
away because the country was comparatively well
settled, but the South, being so sparsely settled,
would retain its forests indefinitely. That optimistic
view is now refuted. The pine woods of Georgia
and Florida,' like those of Minnesota and Michigan,
are about to vanish.
ANOTHER FOREST WARNING.
The dignity of the law in Indian Territory has
been receiving some marked and very encouraging
support of late. Four cattlemen, who had given, in
their mode. of life, a variety of reasons that it would
be a distinct advantage to their neighbors if they
were dead, quarreled, and the quartet will die.
ender," "Waddy Googan," "The Leather
Patch" and "Reilly and the Four Hun
dred."
The Melbourne MacDowell and Florence
Stone engagement ends this week with a
repertoire of the very successful Sardou
plays. . !
• • • ¦ •
The Alcazar Theater patrons are enjoy
ing "The Two Escutcheons" this week, a
bright comedy by Sydney Rosenfeld. The
principal parts, of an old German Baron
and an American pork packer, are very
cleverly undertaken by George Osbourne
and Howard Scott. Marlon Convere. Lil
lian Elliott and Oza Wai drop handle the
female roles to much ad' antage.
"A Child of Fortune/ at the Central
Theater thi3 week is living up to the re
•quirements of the house with excellent
aplomb. .It Is a highly spiced drama of
love and villainy and is very well acted
by the clever members of the I Central
company.
"The Slaves of the Orient," in' which"
MANY days have passed since the first reports
came that Briton and Boer had agreed to
, negotiate terms of peace. It is true that at
first such reports were "officially" denied, but of late
the officials have ceased to make denial, and so,
while nothing authoritative has been given out, it, is
admitted that for weeks the negotiations have been
going on, but apparently very little has been accom
plished. . . '
It is not easy to understand why so much time
should be required in arranging the preliminaries
unless it be that every proposition of the Boers has
to be reported to London and is there discussed at
leisure by the Ministry instead of by . authorized
agents of the Government at some point in South
Africa. Since it seems assured the Boers are willing
to waive their demand for independence, the British
ought certainly to be willing to concede them . a
large measure of self-government, and with those
two propositions agreed upon at the start the rest
ought to be easy. ¦ »
Each side has good reason to desire peace. The
winter season oi the Southern Hemisphere is ap
proaching, and the Boer leaders naturally shrink
from requiring their commandos to undergo another
dreary winter campaign hunted up and down across
the' plains and through the mountains by ten times
their numbers. Moreover, large as were their sup
plies at the start and considerable as have been the
quantities of ammunition and stores they have been
able to smuggle into their country since the war be
gan, they can hardly be well equipped for a con
tinuance of the conflict. It is certainly better for
them to make terms, while they' can than to run the
risk of '- complete subjection during the coming
winter.
On the other hand, there are reasons of urgency
to impel the British to grant fair terms. The official
.statement of British expenditures for the fiscal year
which ended March 31 is as follows:
Expenditure .';' $977,616,075
Revenue » 714,989,995
Deficit..... .!.. $262,621,080
Borrowed .../. $298,910,945
" Surplus *T36,2S3!865 ,
Less debit from previous year 15,000,000
:'.., "Treasury, balance ..;... $21,289,865
Estimated expenditures 1902-03. ...A...... $848,285,000
Estimated revenue 1902-03 . : ,'...715,000,000
Deficiency .'.. $133,285,000
In hand as above ....¦ 21,289,865
'. Net deficiency ;;;. : $111,995,135 ,.'
In the. budget for the coming year the Ministry
has proposed not only an increase in, the income tax
and the imposition of a. bread tax. but it has also
been forced to offer another loan. Thus this war
has already increased the debt 6f # Great Britain by a
sum in excess. of the entire reduction made "during
the reign of Victoria.
• The' chief reason, however, why theSBritish should
be eager to make peace is.that-they intend to rincor
porate the country, into their empire and include the'
Boers -among theif fellow-countrymen..; That being
so, it is clear they should be above all things de
sirous of granting ; terms that will go far toward re
lieving the animosities, born: of the war. : It is there
fore surprising that so long a time has been required
to arrange terms. : It \ must be that the contending
parties are the stubbornest on theface of the earth.
BRITON AND BOER.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Next week the popular comedian, Ed
ward Harrigan, will take the board at
the Grand Opera-house with a repertoire
of favorite comedies. Mr. Harrigan i3
among 'the best known actors -who come
this way, his first appearance on the
stage being made here in his early boy
hood in 1867. All old play-goers remem
ber the famous Harrigan and Hart com
bination, during the palmy days; of the
variety entertainment, when Francis Wil
son, De Wolf Hopper and, Nat Goodwin,
unconscious of coming comedy fame, were
all at the old Comique Theater in New
York, with Harrigan and Hart in some
hilarious wind-up at the end of the bill.
Mr. Harrigan will doubtless meet with a
warm reception here and during, his four
weeks' engagement will put on "Old Lav-
, Nat Goodwin and Miss Maxlne Elliott,
who are announced to appear at the Co
lumbia Theater next week,- beginning
Monday night, have just returned from a
highly successful engagement abroad,
they having presented Henry V. Esmond's
brilliant comedy, "When We Were
Twenty-one," no less than 105 consecutive
times in London: Miss Elliott is to-day
the most gentle, sympathetic and radiant
ly beautiful actress before the public and
her role in this poetic idyl is said to have
placed her at the very top of her chosen
vocation. Mr. Goodwin, who ranks wl^h
his most accomplished contemporaries,
has in this his most congenial role. Mr.
Goodwin and Miss Elliott bring with them
the name fine production that was used
during their original engagement at the
Knickerbocker Theater In New York and
at the presentation in London.
E..S. Willard will present '.'Tom Pinch"
for the last time to-night. at the Colum
bia Theater. Friday night and Saturday
afternoon the distinguished actor will be
seen in "David aarrlck." On Saturday
night the engagement closes with "The
Professor's Love Story. 1 .'.
The play has Just closed a ten weeks'
run in Chicago and the Neill production
will be the first and only one outside of
the original. Mr. Neill tried it out in
Los Angeles, preparatory to the presenta
tion here,, and from the first performance
the play made an excellent impression,
nearly every member of the company
making a " distinct hit. The play deals
with the mountaineer, moonshiners of
Tennessee and is an innovation in the way
of pastoral dramas, i
Company .at the California on
Sunday night. Mr. Read has become so
well known through his many delightful
books on Southern life that a play* by. this
author needs . no other, introduction than
a mere mention. of his name. "The Star
bucks" is said to be replete with Read's
characteristic wit and humor.
CONSIDERABLE interest has been
,' aroused In the forthcoming pro
" duction of Opie Read's new play,
:"The' Star-bucks." by the Nelll
Encouraged by that statement of the law, a move
ment is now under way to have the Legislature deal
promptly with the issue. The fight against the ad
vertising nuisance has been carried on in Massachu
setts for a sufficient length of time to have fully edu
cated public sentiment with respect for it. Of course
the interests on .the side of the maintenance of the
nuisance are strong and resourceful, so the victory
for the public will not be won without a hard strug
gle. Still the chances are good that Massachusetts
will in this respect set an example that will be fol
lowed throughout the country. It is not everywhere
necessary to appeal to State legislation, for in most
States municipalities have ample authority to sup
press the nuisance, but a legislative act will attract
more attention than a mere municipal ordinance, and
accordingly the efforts in that direction now being
made in Massachusetts are worth studying by all
who share the desire that our streets may be soon
relieved from these gross disfigurements.
Passing to a consideration of the particular evil
complained of on the part of the public as committed
by the billboard and fence advertising nuisance, the
Attorney General went on to say: "Noises and odors
have always been treated as nuisances, even without
legislative adjudication that they are unwholesome.
There is no legal reason why an offense to the eye
should have a different standing from an offense to
the other organs. To strike the unwilling eye is in
principle the same as to catch the unwilling eye.
Obnoxious signs have rarely been held to be action
able nuisances because only lately the attention of
the courts has been called to this aggressive mode
of disfiguring the landscape. An advertisement upon
private land anywhere may be a nuisance. In every
case it would be a question of what is reasonable un
der the circumstances. The right to put glaring
signs jwhere people may not- escape them is meas
ured by the degree of annoyance to which the public
may be reasonably required to submit for the benefit
of private interests."
MASSACHUSETTS has engaged in earnest
in the work of ridding her cities from .the
abominations of the . signboard and fence
advertising nuisance. It appears that under the con
stitution of that State no municipality is clothed
with sufficient authority to deal effectively with the
evil, and accordingly the State itself is about to take
it up.
In a recently delivered opinion on the subject the
Attorney General of the State is reported as
saying: "The local authorities in the various
cities and towns of the commonwealth have
power under existing laws to regulate and
restrict the display of advertisements only
within the limits . of public parks, boulevards and
highways." He went on to add, however: "The
Legislature may within the lawful exercise of police
power impose restrictions upon the use of private
property and no right to recover damages is thereby
created."
THE SIGNBOARD NUISANCE.
A recent arrival in. this city was accused and
acquitted the other day on a charge of vagrancy. He
wastrying to teach a girl how to smoke opium. The
fellow probably knew, if 'the authorities did not, that
his crime was too pc-fniciously^ctive to be styled
vagrancy. .. - '"-4* •¦ : *'
Since the matter has 'been so long before the
courts, the Justices of the supreme tribunal might
well deem themselves justified by considerations of
public welfare in advancing the case upon the calen
dar and giving it an early hearing. . The ordinance
involves an issue of the highest importance to a very
large proportion of the people of San Franciscc. It
is not like a case in- which no public interests are in
volve.l. It isone that concern's tKeVgrowth and the
health of, a' large city, and; i/ therefore entitled to
prompt attention from the court.
At the time when the cemeteries within the limits
of San Francisco were established. they were remote
frorr thf thickly settled parts of the city, and few
persons thought that with the life of^a'single genera-,
tion — in fact, before the pioneers had passed away—
the population would have extended^westward until,
it had surrounded with homes- the. grounds ; upon
which the cemeteries were established. Such, how
ever, is what ¦ has happened. . It now^depends upon,
this generation to get rid ofwhat "is already arievil!
and which would become more and, more pernicious^
with each succeeding year of its continuance. -It is:
to be hoped the Supreme Court will "find the present
ordinance valid. If, howeverj the opposite view be
taken by^the court, it will then behoovethe Super
visors tc enact a new ordinance.
The problem with which the ordinance deals is by
no means peculiar to San Francisco. Every. impdr- 1
tant city in the Old World had at one time a "cemex:
tery within its limits, and almost all 'of the older
American cities were in the same condition. ;.. The:
advance of sanitary science has taught" men the evil j
effects of burying the dead in the; neighborhood of
the residences of the living, and consequently in all'
well regulated cities the practice has been forbidden.
. The case has been in litigation a long time, and
the public - has had ample opportunity to note ; the
effect of the ordinance. While there: was at first a
good deal of opposition to it upon sentimental
grounds, it is safe to say that public . is
now well nigh, unanimous in favor, of it. . .. , . .
JUDGES Cook, Lawlor and Dunne, sitting in
bane, have sustained the decision of , the lower
court in the case brought to test the ordinance
prohibiting burials within the ,limits .'of. the.': city.'
Their decision sustains the validity of the Ordinance.
An appeal, however, has been taken arid : the matter
now goes up to the Supreme. Court for final decision...
THE CEMETERY ORDINANCE.
The Sunday closing of saloons in New York under
the reform regime has occasioned such ' a rush to the
hotels for drinks that a reporter of the Tribune, in
describing the situation, says the city was "saloon
dry, but hotel wet."' The hotels refused to sell liquors
unless at least a sandwich was ordered, and the re- 1
porter says: "The panhandlers and strikers were
overfed yesterday with left-over sandwiches. * * *
No thirsty soul went unsatisfied— that is, none went
far." It is admitted on all sides that the law was
strictly observed; and so reform is justified and the
bread and ham market has- a boom.
It has already become evident that Billy Herrin is
making this fight in a manner even more un
scrupulous than usual. He is fighting for big stakes
this time. Should the corporation amendment to
the constitution^be .carried Gage will be able to put
into power a subservient "to the railroads
that will enable the corporations to defy : public
opinion with impunity .for years to come. To ac
complish that end he will have no hesitation
in packing the convention with railroad henchmen
if he can. If Republicans cannot defeat his scheme
they will be themselves defeated. ,
The matter is all the more important because it is
now known that except for the Herrin alliance with
Kelly, Burns, Crimmins, Burke, Lynch and the rest
of the predatory bosses there is no sign of any fac
tional fight in the Republican camp. Those men,
with their following of henchmen, constitute the only
disturbing element in the party. Outside of the
reach of their influence everything tends to Jiarmony
and victory. Reports to that effect 'come from every
part of the State. The leading Republican papers
everywhere bear emphatic evidence to it, and the
proceedings, of the convention of the State League
of Republican Clubs confirmed; it. Gage, then, is
the one menace to the party, and no scheme of his is
more menacing than that of packing the State con
vention with appointed delegates. .
Jhe executive committee of the Republican Stale
Committee* which has been called to meet on Mon
day, has the responsibility of dealing with the issue
at once. It should make no mistake. It should re
sort to no half- way measures. It should at once put
itself on record in favor of holding primaries in
every county in the State, so that every Republican
n ry have an equal voice in the election of delegates
to the nominating convention. A plan for general
primaries should be drafted for submission to the
State Committee, so that the dissatisfaction felt over
the discovery of the Gage scheme may be allayed at
once.
BY the bosses who are managing Gage's strug
gle for renominatipn there has been devised
.a desperate scheme to pack \he Republican
convention " by appointing- delegates from all coun
ties where they have control- of the party machin
ery and where the law does not require the holding
of primaries. The scheme is a. desperate one,, be
cause, if carried out it would rouse against the
bosses, an indignation even keener than that which
now exists. In fact, if through any such tactics Gage
were renominated it would mean such an overwhelm
ing revolt against the head of the ticket as would
seriously endanger the whole.
' The Republican party has a bright prospect of
sweeping victory in the coming election, but it can
not afford to take any such risks as the bosses pur
pose to compel it to take. It will not do for the
party to enter the canvass under the domination of
Herrin and his' gang, nor will it be safe for it to
tolerate even a suspicion of such domination. It
must be made clear from the start and kept so to the
finish that the affairs V>f the party are administered
by genuine Republicans, that its conventions speak
for true Republicanism and that its candidates stand
for Republican principles and for State and national
welfare. If there be any well founded doubts upon
those points every candidate on the ticket will be
handicapped even in the strongest Repub
lican districts,, for the protest against Gage comes
from Republicans and not merely from independents
and mugwumps. /
Nothing would more surely strengthen popular
sentiment against the State ticket than the nomina
tion of Gage by a- convention largely composed of
members who had been appointed by machine politi
cians instead of being elected by the rank and file
.of the party. No true Republican can watch with
out indignation the efforts of a Democrat like Billy
Herrin to pull the wires of a Republican conven
tion and name Republican candidates, and conse-.
quently if he be permitted to pack the State conven
tion of the party in the shameless way proposed the
results will be disastrous.
GAGE'S LATEST SCHEME.
READ'S PLAY, "THE STARBUCKS,"
TO BE GIVEN AT THE CALIFORNIA
comes nearer. We may postpone action, but if we do
we shall have it forced upon us ere long in a man
ner that will be far from agreeable.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1902.
6
Call ¦nbserlberB contemplating a change of
residence daring: the inrnmer months can nave
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
¦ddreuei by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on Bale at all summer
reaorta and ia represented, toy a local agent in
all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER
Grand Opera-house^ — "Gismonda."
Fischer's Theater — "Fiddle Dee Dee."
California — "Captain Lettarblair."
Tivoll — 'The Fortune Teller."
Central — "A Child of Fortune."
Alcazar — "The Two Escutcheons."
Columbia — "Tom Pinch."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball to-day.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
jBlHUSEHEUTS.
By J. D. Ho ran— Saturday. April 26, at 11 o'clock. Horses
at corner Tenth and Bryant streets.
By Wm. G. Layng— Monday, April 28, at 11 o'clock, Driv-
ing Horses, Buggies, etc.. at 248 Third street.
' AUCTION SAI.ES.
DON'T MISS THE GREAT COMIC SECflCN.
What I Hope to Be When 1
Fifteen toys chosen at random from the
public schools tell of their am'
Prize Winners in the Memory
w ., fc ' w c / t^ = rE I= 7 Odd Questions and Strange
With the Sunday Call of May 4 Tu - r* i n '.«.-«
will begin a series of. costurns ThmgSP^Cple Do at the
MS^^^m Daaa^cRoom Window.
Some Costumes of New York's =
widely known rociety ladies. Four Hundred
LOOK FOR THE WATERSPRITE «. c . . '
J; .on may fourtr Jhc ¦ Spuming WhccL
- •-¦••• ¦ "/ ; Ey LILUAN RUSSELL.
/"¦-J ~~~~! Experiences of a Stage-Struck
. Beauty Quest, Fashions and
See Pat and Heiny in NewVery latest styles, embracing: Golf "Wagon*,
Traps, Stanhopes, Splderettes, Brakes, Victorias,
Park Wagons, etc., arriving at the Columbus
Buggy Co. "a San Francisco house, on Market
St., bet. Oth and 10th sts. Biggest factory; best
styles; one grade only — that the best. •
Fourteen Carloads.
Edna Goehr, aged 5 years, the daughter
of Louis Goehr of 308 Noe street, died
Tuesday night. Dr. J. S. Ballard, who
had been called in shortly before, report
ed the death to the Coroner and said that
symptoms of arsenical poisoning were
present.
The child ate a bit of stick candy pur
chased at a nearby • grocery Sunday. Its
mother ate some of the candy and was
not affected. A piece of the candy and
the contents of the child's stomach will
be subjected to analysis by the city chem
ist. .
gated by Deputies of the Oor-
oner's Office.
Death of Edna Goehr Being Invest* •
DIES IN CONVULSIONS
- AFTER EATING CANDY
Petitions the Supervisors to Widen
Third Street and Put City's
Wires Underground.
The Merchants' Association submitted
resolutions, adopted by its board of direc
tors, to the Supervisors yesterday favor
ing appropriations In the next tax budget
for the following Improvements: .;
Repavingr of accepted streets. . v . -
Widening and repavlng of Third street from
Mission to Townsend.
Completing ¦ the work of removing the ' city
fire alarm and police telegraph wires from over
head throughout the underground ' district. -
The establishment of one or more public
convenience stations in the city. .
The association says there are seventy
seven blocks and thirty . crossings still
paved with cobbles in the business dis
trict, Jforth Beach and downtown sections
of the city, which should be improved..
MERCHANTS' ASSOCIATION
ASKS FOB, IMPROVEMENTS
Your First Duty to Yourself
I* to look after your own comfort. The com
fortable trains of the Nickel Plate Road, Chi
cago to New York and Boston, carrying Nickel
Plate dining cars, in which are served Ameri
can Club meals At from 35c to $1 each, always
piftasa the traveling public. JAY W. ADAMS,
P. C. P. A.. 21 Crocker building, San Fraa
dsco. Cal. " • • • - ,
At 4:15 o'clock the court adjourned un
til 10 o'clock this morning, at which hour
Collins will resume his argument Ex-
Judge S. C. Denson will close for the Gov
ernment. . . y
- Thfe speaker drew the attention of the
jury to the fact that Dimmick, if guilty,
was no ordinary criminal, but a man of
Intelligence and great cunning, with the
ability to Cover up his tracks and make
plausible excuses lor whatever might
seem suspicious or Improper. But, it hap
pened, said the speaker, that Dimmick
had left enough traces to convince the
jury beyond a 'reasonable doubt of his
guilt. Attention was called particularly
to the fact that Dimmick spent three
days changing the combination on the
vault for Cole, when, according to the tes
timony of the locksmiths, it could have
been done in fifteen minutes. The testi
mony showed that Dimmick- practically
dictated to Cole what the combination
should be and was thus enabled himself
to open the vault should he choose to do
so. Woodworth pointed out as a signifi
cant feature of the *case the fact that
Dimmick denied that he ever owned or
ever had a dress stilt case in his posses
sion, on which point Dimmick is contra
dicted by no less than eleven reputable
and disinterested witnesses. The two
streetcar conductors, who saw Dimmick
going toft and coming from the Mint,
Watchman Ellis, who saw Dimmick leav
ing the Mint" at midnight with the dress
suit case in his hand; Brown, who sold
the suit case; the boy Sllverstein, who re
ceived a tip from Dimmick for carrying
the case to a Woman on McAllister street,
and Metcalf, who saw Dimmick at night
in the Mint with the dress suit on, and
the dress ' suit ¦ case lying on the table,
had testified most positively in the mat
ter. All that Dimmick could oppose to
this evidence was. the testimony of Mrs.
Dimmick and the servant girl, who swore
that they never saw him with a dress
suit case. .
The defense, argued Woodworth, had
not introduced a particle of evidence to
discredit the Government's witnesses or
to break dowh the force of their testi
mony.
George D. Collins, counsel for the de
fendant, began his argument for the de
fense at 3 o'clock.' He hammered Woodr
worth's argument by remarking that that
gentleman had built his entire argument
on matters outside the evidence. The
speaker then . proceeded to attempt to
show that Cole, Day, Washington, Leach
and Fitzpatrlck had access to the safe
equally with the defendant and that Dim
mick should not be held responsible for
the i shortage because Superintendent
Leach had seen fit to employ a blunder
ing and Incompetent cashier, such as Cole
was, who came from Martinez; who had
had no experience in handling money and
"who didn't know anything about any
thing."
Secret Service Agent Burns came in for
a little sarcasm, being referred to as a
confidence man in the line of his official
business. Tne counsel also took pleasure
in twitting Messrs. Burns and Hazen for
having • failed to find the . stolen money.
"It was notorious that police officers and
detectives will color their testimony by.
their zeal to convict," said Collins, "and
therefore their testimony should be re
ceived with great caution."
In the Dimmlck . trial yesterday United
States Attorney Marshall B. Woodworth
consumed two hours and- a half in his
argument to the jury on behalf of the
prosecution. He began at 11 a. m., spoke
until 12:30 p. m., the time for recess, and
from 2 to 3 p. m. It was Woodworth's
best effort and he was warmly compli
mented by his friends upon his masterly
collocation of facts and his logic.
Collins : Twits Secret Service
Men on Failure to Find
the Coin.
Attorney Woodworth
Argues the Case for
the Prosecution.
DIMMICK'S TRACK
IS POINTED OUT
The hearing of the petition for the set
tlement of the final account of Margaret
Gowdey, guardian of the late Joseph
O'Hare, was begun in Department 9 of
the Superior Court yesterday. Miss La
vinla Lally, niece of Mrs. Gowdey and of
the deceased, was on the witness stand
almost all the afternoon. She said there
was no trouble over the O'Hare estate
until Miss Tillle Rogers,' \ a niece of
O'Hare, fell in love with H. C. Judklns,
the attorney, and allowed herself to be
controlled by him.
Mrs. Gowdey was questioned closely
concerning several items in her account,
but she vouchsafed but little informa
tion. The matter was finally put over un
til to-day at 10 o'clock, when a further
search into the cause of the family Quar
rel will be made.
Declares Eelatives of Joseph O'Haxe
Were Peacefully Inclined Until
Cupid Entered Lists.
MIS3 4 T«AT,T,Y SATS -LOVE
CAUSED FAMILY QTJABHEL
, On account of the strike the benefit and
entertainment to have been glVen at Met-'
ropolitan Hall this evening in aid of the
Boer 'women and children In the concen
tration camps in '.South Africa has been
indefinitely postponed: '•fS^^SSi®
Boer Benefit Postponed.
Secretary Brown has due appreciation
of the advantages of making known that
there are exhibits' to be seen. He says
that he thinka the promotion committee
would do well to spend money for adver
tising In the San *'ranc!sco daily papers
the fact that there Is a free exhibition of
California products open at the rooms of
the State ¦ Board of Trade. He adopted
this method at Los Angeled, and the re
sult was that hundreds came daily to «ee
the show that the Stockton Chamber of
Commerce -maintains at Los % Angeles. A
similar course would attract not only vis
itors from abroad to visit the rooms of
the 'State Board of 'Trade, but also the
families of mechanics in this city who
desire to have homes and small ranches
in the country. v .
B. L. Brundage has written to the'State
Board of Trade that- the , Bakersfield
J3oard of Trade is considering what ""can
be do\e'to have the resources of Kern
CountyV advertised: in San Francisco
through the agency <of the board. » •". ¦- -¦¦
' ' A meeting of the Sacramento Valley De
velopment Association,. which will be held
In Woodland May 17, will probably be at
tended by the Supervisors of,' the valley
-and of .the adjoining; counties. The sub
ject of levying a t tax for/ exhibition' pur
poses and to induce : proper Immigration
will be taken up. • , . •
The Stockton Chamber of Commerce,
through its representatives, Colvln B.
Krown and Professor James A. Barr,
came to the city yesterday and placed an
order for . $1000 worth of huge glass
jars. This was the largest order ever
given* in . this State. by any similar body
for jars for exhibition* purposes. Accord-
Ing to Secretary Brown the purpose of
the wideawake Stocktonlans is to keep
all the Jars and their contents constantly
before the public.; They will maintain
exhibitions at Los Angeles, Stockton, at
the rooms of the State Board of Trad© In
this city, in the offices of the Southern
Pacific Company at Chicago, probably at
Lathrop and will also show at St. Louis.
At all these places the resources of the
section tributary to Stockton will be duly
advertised. , - t • ... ¦
The banquet to be given by the com
mercial bodies of San Francisco to Presi
dent Harriman of the Southern Pacific
Company will take place at the Palace
Hotel next Wedpesday evening at 6:30.
A meeting of the presidents of the vari
ous commercial bodies was held at the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce yes
terday afternoon and the date was fixed
after a report had been received from a
committee appointed to ascertain the con
venience of President , Harriman. There
were present Messrs. George A. New
hall, George W. McNear, Manager FUcher
of the State Board of Trade, Andrea
Sbarboro of the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, President Symmes,
Director Wheelan and Secretary Kins of
the Merchants' Association and Secretary
Scott of the Chamber of Commerce. Com
mittees were appointed on Invitations and
arrangements. '. • : .
Owing to the fact that only 400 guests
can be accommodated, the Invitations will
be limited • to that number. President
Harriman, Governor Gage, Mayor Schmitz,
Herman Oelrichs, the heads of the several
departments of the Southern Pacific Com
pany and the Harriman party from the
East will be invited to attend. There
will be a full representation from each of
the comtnercial-bodles. The secretary of
the committee was directed to request
early notification from business men who
will attend, as the time for completing
the arrangements, is short. The charge
for tickets will be <7 each.
Commercial Bodies Make
Plans for Dinner to
. Harriman.
Buys Plant to Establish
Exhibits at Points of
Vantage.
STOCKTON PAVES
WAY FOR SHOWS
family In that State. He was a resident
of San Jose for. some time but is now the
representative of a St. Louis shoe house
In Southern California. On the trip Eaat
the people will visit his relatives,
and then spend the rest Of the -time in
Washington, New York and other places.
They will make their home In Los An
geles.
PRINCIPALS IN. A PRETTY
HOME WEDDING IN THE
GARDEN CITY. i
FIX TIE DATE
FOR BANQUET
The Hale home was magnificently deco
rated with flowers and potted plants. The
colors of the drawing-room, where' the
ceremony was performed^ %ere. white and
green. The mantels were banked with
white roses and the couple ¦ stood under a
marriage bell of white carnations in the
window while the Rev.'iH. C. Meredith
of the South Methodist Church performed
tho ceremony. The wedding march" from
"Lohengrin" was played by Will Barnes.
After the ceremony a wedding break
fast was served in the dining-room. The
decorations here were in blush pink, both
the flowers and table decorations giving
the room a pretty tinge.
Mr. and Mrs. Griffithe left for Pacific
Grove, expecting their many friends
would not be able to find them. But at
breakfast the next morning a pretty
white satin slipper bearing the stamp of
"Hales" and the ¦ sole covered with •ured
hearts was placed in front of them. Sev
eral dayB were then spent at Del Monte,
; after which the young couple returned to
I San Jose. In a few days they will leave
on a trip to the East, where a honeymoon
of three or four months will be spent.
Mrs. Griffithe formerly lived here. She
Is a charming young lady, j an accom
plished musician and was a great favorite
i in society circles. For the past year she
has been in Los Angeles. Mr. Griffithe is
a Virginian and comes of. a well-known
Second street, when Miss Mayme
Armstrong of this city was married to
Dana M. . Griffithe, a youn£ busi
ness man of Los Angeles. Miss Arm
strong is the daughter of Mrs. C. H.
Field of Los Angeles and niece of Mrs.
O. A. Hale and Mrs. E. L. Goodslll. 1 " it'
SAN JOSE, April 23.— The prettiest
home wedding that has ' occurred
in San Jose in years took place at
the O. A. Hale residence,, on South
The finance committee was authorized
to call on the various camps and ask for
contributions to defray the expenses of
the service on the basis of 6 cents per cap
ita on the membership of each camp. If
this should realize a sum greater than
necessary, the unexpended balance will
be returned on the pro rata basis.
The details of the service have not yet
been agreed upon, but a visit will be paid
to the cemeteries by the committee for
the purpose of decorating the graves of
deceased members of the order. There
will also be a public meeting, at which
there will be an oration, eulogies and vo
cal and instrumental music. The general
committee wOl hold another meeting Sun
day, when the plan will be outlined.
Decorations, graves and monument commit
tee — William D. Nye of Richmond Camp, chair
man; J. S. Patterson of Golden Gate Camp,
Charles Ambrose of Western Addition Camp,
P. Gilroy of Mission Camp, D. L. Mayer of
California Camp, J. M. Sauter of North End
Camp, J. O. Albright of Golden West Camp,
I). A. Ryan of McKinley Camp, F. E. Creamer
of Haven Camp, Z. T. Whitten of Redwood
Camp. X. F. Sherwood of San Francisco Camp,
F. J. Tyrrell of Calumet Camp, and J. E.
Slinkey of Old Friends' Camp. ¦
Reception committee — Joseph A. Wilson of
California Camp, chairman; George H. "WiUson
of Golden Gate Camp, M. J. McCabe of Mission
Camp, F A. McMahon of Richmond Camp,
Laurence Vincent of California -Camp, J. M.
tauter of North End Camp, F. C. Russell of
Golden West Camp, A. H. 'Glannlni of McKin
ley Camp, Charles Stocks of Haven Camp, F.
A. Miller of Redwood Camp, A. Freud of San
Fraiicisco Camp, A. A. Perrln of Tamalpals
Camp, W. J. Blalsdell of Calumet Camp, and
A. S. Page of Old Friends' Camp.
Finance — J. S. Patterson of Golden Gate
Camp, chaircnon; P. F. GUroy of Mission Camp,
Charles Ambrose of Western Addition Camp,
U. S Elmonds of Richmond Camp, D. L. May
er of California Camp. J. W. Glaser of North
End Camp Dr. M. E. Van Meter of Golden
West Camp, T. F. Fitipatrlck of McKinley
C*mp, J. W. Mitchell of Haven Camp. P. H.
Savage of Redwood Camp. E. Swan of San
Francisco Camp, T. J. Mahoney of Tamalpals
Ccrop, C. J. Keefe of Calumet Camp and L. D.
Sloes of the Old Friends Camp.
. At a preliminary meeting, at which
representatives from, all but three of the
camps were present, an organization was
effected and the following officers elected:
D. L.Fitzgerald of Richmond Camp, chair
man; . Z. T. .Whitten of Redwood Camp,
vice chairman; D. Oliver Jr. of Golden
Gate Camp, secretary, and P. L. Mayer
of California Camp, treasurer. The fol
lowing executive committee of five was
appointed to arrange the details of the
service, which will be in the cemeteries
and in one of the large public halls: C.
D. Phillips of North End . Camp, chair
man; Dr. A. L.. White of Mission Camp,
D. A. Ryan of McKInley Camp, E. F.
Pcckham of McKinley Camp and D. Ol
iver Jr. of Golden Gate Camp.
The following special committees were
also appointed:
; The local camps of the "Woodmen of
the World are making arrangements for
a memorial service to be held June 8 out
of respect to the members of the order
who died in this city during the twelve
months ending April 30. ' '
Members of Order to Visit
' Graves of Deceased
... Neighbors.
Arrangements for Special
Memorial Services Be
ing Completed.
WOODMEN CAMPS
TO HONOR DEAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAiL, THUKSDAY, APRIL 24, 19O2.>
Pretty Wedding ' Rites of Dana M: Griff ithe
and Miss Mayme Armstrong at the Resi
dence of 0; A. Hale in the Garden City
AMID FAIR SURROUNDINGS
THEIR VOWS ARE SPOKEN
7
ABVEBTISEMENTS.
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness. Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad .Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonpue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
6 mall Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I Jv Steamers . leave Broadway
Mk^ "Wharf, San Francisco"
lBabSgPi^ For Ketchikan, Juneau,
ISStOBtew Skasway. *tc. Alaska — 11 a.
BriwB»% ».. April 16. 21, 26. Mar 1-
r53b*jgja>0ke Change to company's steam-
fviSgT^Tfti cre 6t Seattle.
J r^^BSeEM For Victoria, Vancouver.
"""'WEa >ort Townsend, Seattle. Ta-
coms, Everett. -New- What-
cam- 11 sl m.. AprU !«. 21. 20. May 1. Chanre
at SettOe to this company" s steamer* for
Alaska and <3. N- RT-: «t Seattle or Tacoma
to N P. By.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry.
For Eurek* (Humboldt Bay) — 1:30 p. m.,
"AprU 12, 17. 22. 21, May 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lb« Angeles and
Jtedonfic). San Dlejo end SanU Barbara— Spo-
kane. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays. 0 a. m.
For Ix» Ancles <vla San Pedro and Eaet
Ban Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. Sac Simeon. Cayucos. San Luis Obl*po
<vta Part Harford). Ventura. Hneneme and
•Newport ('Santa Crus only). ...
Coo« Bay. 8 a. m.. AprU 12. 20. 28. May 8.
Ea&U Cruz. B a. in. (freight only). April 10.
24
For Ensenafla, Magtlalena Bay, Fan Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata, La Pax. Santa Rosa-
lia. Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain folder.
Rlrht is reserved to change steamers or sall-
irr dates.
TIC*fCFT OFFTCE — * New Montgomery
etreet Kotel).
GOODALL. PERKIXS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coasf Steamship Co.
LEAVE SEATTLE.
SENATOR J£!CE 1
VALENCIA JUNE 7
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamships CITY OF PUEBLA and QUEEN,
leaving Pan Francisco May 26 and May 31 re-
spectively, connect with above- steamers. The
new and elegant rteamships Senator and Va-
lencia made regular trips to Nome last year,
landing all passencers and freight without loss,
mishap or delay. For passenger rates and Norn*
folder, apply Ticket Office, 4 New .Montgom-
ery street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., G«n. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. & /V. CO.
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, ell Rail or Scearnshfp and Rail, at
LOWBST SrCA-'rVEIS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
ES. COLUMBIA Sails.. .April 13. 23, May 3, 13
tiS. CEO. W. ELDER Sails
April 8. 18, 2S, May 8
Steamer sail* from foot of Spear St., 11 a. m.
P. W. HITCHCOCK. G«n. Agu. 1 Mong-y.S. F.
XJ. S. MAIL ROUTE.
WBPftA SAILINGS.
\\^ X0RTHEB5 COMMERCIAL CO.
Will dispatch Its first-class eteamers, carry-
ing United States malls tor
NOME and ST. rviCHAEL DIRECT
As Follows:
From San Francisco-
B. S ST. PAUL June 3
6. S. PORTLAND July 1
From Seattle.
6. S. OHIO June 3
B. S. INDIANA June 7
• Connecting at Nome with steamer Saidie.
carrying United States mall, for Teller and
Candle Creek, and rteamer Dora for Bluff City,
Golovin and St. Michael, and connecting at St.
Michael with the company's river steamers .for
Cawfon. Koyukuk and all Yukon River points.
For freight and passage apply to
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL CO..
C45 Market st.. San Francisco,
Or EMPIRE TRANSPORTATION CO.,
Puget Sound Agent, Seattle, Wash.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-
ner First and lirannan streets, at 1 p m
lor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hioeo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and con-
necting at Hongkong with Eteamers for India,
etc. No cargo received on board on day of
sailing.
BS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May »th. l»02
BS. AMERICA MARU «. . . . . ...
• Wednesday, Jcne 4th 1902
6S. HONGKONG MARU .*.
Saturday. June 28th, 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage arply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
Jiamburg-American.
TWIX-SCREW EXPRESS SERVICE.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURO— HAMBURG.
Columbia May 8]A. Victoria ....May 22
Deutschland May 15! F. Bismarck. ..May 29
'iWM-bCAEW IMSSK\(iKlt .-.KIH 1CK
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG — HAMBURG.
Mcltke May 6'Walderseee ....May 20
Patricia May May 27
Hamburg-American Line. 37 BVsy, N. Y
HERZOO & CO.. General Agents for Pacific
Coast, 401 California st., San Francisco.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Gia Sud Americana (ft Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. pier 10. 12 m.
GUATEMALA. .May lO'COLOMBIA Jur.« 21
PALENA May SllTUCAPEL July —
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
rnd passenger offloe, 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
oceames sxo, isSi
vvvumv**y.<j.vvg DIREcru « £TOTW1 , ri
ES. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thurs., May 1. 10 a. m.
£S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
.....Sunday. May 4. 10 a. ' m.
ES. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu »
.-. Saturday. May 10, 2 p. m.
I. D. SFEECKELS h. BEOS. CO., (kml Ad, 329 KiflBt
6n'l fess. C'Scs, 03 Kartet si, Pier la. 7. Paciflc si
A3IKM1CAX LIM3.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON.
St.Lou'.s.Apr. 30, 30 am Ft. Paul. May 14, 10 am
Pbiladel.May 7. 10 am St. Louis. May 21, 10 am
IIRD STAK LIKE.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP. PARIS.
Zetland.. Apr. 30, noonlSouthwrlcMay 14, nooa
Frtesland..May 7, noonlVaderland.May21, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYIiOR,G.A.P.C.,3O Montgom'yst.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
After Oyer-Indulgencc
get your stomach, and liver;;
into proper condition by \ us- r
ing this, renowned old family
Beechaxn's
Pills.
Sold Erery where— In boxes 10c. and 25c. ".
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
A SAfc FBANCISCO PHYSICIAN
7 ¦ ' ¦¦¦ ¦ ; . .** :¦ . ¦
Uses Herpicide Successfully in Treat-
ing' Sycosis of the Beard;
' - ¦ ¦ • / * : ¦ : : . ' :
He says: "I recently treated a case of
sycosis (similar to barber's Itch) of the
lower Up with Newbro's Herpicide. There
was an extensive loss of beardt, .With In-
flammation, extending well down on the
chin. The result^ of the application of
Herpicide was most gratifying. The losa
of beard ceased and a new growth of hair
is now taking place over the once in-
flamed area. ¦ '
(Signed) "Melville E. O'Neill, M. D.,
,; . ,. "845 Howard street
' "San Francisco, Cal."
Herpicide kills the dandruff germ and
causes the hair to grow abundantly.
_____ __ __
¦cvJ . A modern establishment \.Jk
u$3a and entirely new ideas in k*9i
. Ip 1^ . arrangements and -fittings. F^>B
¦ 1 -Making : spectacles . and I j)
B^~JH eye-glasses is our sole bus- \^Jjj
VEw ines». We are strictly pre- R?J
O HOCUE-iklNG LJ
Y^ OPTICAL CO. F^i
LJ 211 Post St.. abo»3 Grant Ave. LJ
**• fw» ' ' «w5 ' • r • " "4 ' iPt w' 'ML •*
Qiilckly Cored at Home— Any Lady Can
; : ? Do it-r-Coata Nothing to Try .
1 a new taitelesi dmcrtTerT which can be Kiven la tea.
eoffee or food. Heartily endorsed by W. U.T. U.fcnd aM
temPrince worker.. It do« Ito wsrk an •«&****
BureTjr that while the devoted wlft, sliter or dauethter
- looks on, the drun kard is reclaimed even «f«ini<t hl» will
and without his knowledre. Send j our name anrt ad<ir*M
•¦ to Dr. J. W. Haines. !«?« Glenn Bid*., Cincinnati, p.. and
he wlU mall a trta? paolcaw of GoldenKpeelfto fr«« to
I Show how easily it 1* to cure drunkard* with thli remedj.
*•; -i"«;,-i.jic«i' 1 boxea > o(/Gol(Jen 'Specific are tor
sale In Ban Francisco by J. R. GATES & CO.,
•'417 Sansome at. • . ' . ;
' AMTTSEMENTTS. ' : ;.-r:-:.--.-:.:T
FASHIONABLEi/AUDEVILLEl .
Milton and BoUie Nobles; "Wilton
Brothers; Knight Brothers, aad
the Pony Ballet. Last times of
Sam, Kittie and Clara Morton;
Banks and Winona Winter, and
- the Fetching Brothers.; ;
.^;r- ; '" DON'T MISS V " ; ; S^
T H E B I 0 G R AJP H -
SHOWING A TRIP TO THE YO-
SEMITE AND PRINCE HENRY
AT WEST POINT.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, BOc. •
. . Belasco & Thall, Managers.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINKE SATURDAY & SUNDAT.
Sydney Hosenfeld's Beautiful Comedy.
THE TWO
ESCUTCHEONS.
The Richest Kind of High Class Comedy.
SPARKLIlfb WITH -WIT.
' BRIMFUL OF HUMOR. .
PRlCESy...... ISC 25c. 33c. 60c. 78c
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
GREATEST BILL EVER OFFERED.
ME.LHOVHHB MACDOWELL,
' Supported by FLORENCE STONE.
In a Farewell Sardou Revival.
TO-NIGHT — For the Last Time.
"GISMONDA."
To-morrow Evening;, Saturday Matinee and
Saturday Evening "CLEOPATRA"
Sunday Matinee and Sunday Evening
"LA TOSCA"
POrULAR PttlCES. .....10c, lfie. 25c. 50c, ?3c
• NHXT WEEK— Edward Harridan In.
"OLD LAVENDER."
-THE SAME TRUTHFUL STORY —
A CHARMING PERFORMANCE .
— ALL THIS WEEK —
MATINEE SATURDAY
( 8PECIAL MATIKEE TO-DAY. ' **|
MR. JAMES NEILL'
and the Nelll Company.
CAPTAIN TeTtARBLAIR.
" SEATS READY.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING— FlrsJTtaa m
'. This City. - /
"THE STARBUCKS."
By Opie Read.
SEATS READY. -,,-' ; ¦
RACING
!^f5pkS^ s^r* Every Wook Day-
'lrS;' : :,^'V Rain or Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 p, m. shnrp. .
' Kerry-boat leavc««£nn Francisco at 12 m and
12:30, 1, 1:30. 2. '£ -3D and 3 p. m., connoting
with trains stopping at . the entrance to the
track. Last two cartf on Iraln reserved for
ladle* and their escorts ; no smoking. Buy your
terry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at. Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. ' Also all -trains via' Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue curs at Fourteenth
-and Broadway,. Oakland. These , electric ears
So direct to | the track in fifteen minutes. , -
i - Returning — Trains leave' the track at 4:15
and 4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last
race. - • -. K -;• ¦' . ¦ ¦ ¦ t
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.^ President-
CHARLES F. PRICE, Secy, and Mgr.
AJOVEHTISEMENTS.
Heart ¦•;¦¦/•¦
Paifis
are Nature's warning notes of
approaching danger from a dis-
eased heart. If you would |
avoid debilitating diseases, or
even sudden death from this
hidden trouble pay heed to the
early warnings. Strengthen the
heart's muscles, quiet its nerv-
ous irritation and regulate its
' aclion -with that greatest of all
heart remedies, Dr. Milea*
Heart Cure.
• » v j.. *_*..*-
" Darting pains through my
heart, left side and arm would
be followed by smothering, heart
spasms and fainting. Dr. Miles'
Heart Cure has entirely relieved
j me of those troubles."
i John VanDenbubqh,
256 Kcwaunee St, Milwaukee, Wls.
D*o Miles'
H£ Gt**e .
controls the heart adtion, accel-
erates the circulation and builds
up the entire system. Sold by
druggists on a guarantee.
Sr. Miles Medical Co., Elkliart, Ind.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
MOMT? N.A.T.&T.CO/S
IM \Jf lfl £4 • Steel Steamship
ROANOKE
Eatls from Seattle about... June lit
San Francisco passengers and freight .trans-
ferred free to Seattle.
Apply UNION TICKET OFFICE. Agents,
630 Market St.. S. F. . -1
PANAMA R. R. "W
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. $105; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll...... sails Thursday, May 1
S. S. Leelnnaw.. Soils Saturday, May 10
From Howard-street Wharf. Pier 10, at 2 p. m.
Freight and Pai««>nger Office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
COMPiSNIE GENERALE TRAN8ATLANTIQUB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. Oukw"
Balling every Thursday, Instead of
Saturday, nt 10 a. m., from pier 42, iJaaoSlsi
Kortn River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
cla.es to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. . F. FUGAZI tt CO.. Pacific Coast
Asenta. 5 Montgomery avenue. Ran Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEB3
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO,
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO;
9:45 a. m., 3 US and 8:30 p. a., except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., S:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 0-p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:16 p. m. Fare 60
cents. Telephone Main 1503. -Landing and
office, pier 2. Mlsalon-itreet dock. HATCH
-BROS. "
. . - , > ADVESTISEHJEUTS.
/«0Wll«HTIi««BTT»ltrilOCTIII«O««l«J»CO. CII.OIIMMT» . '¦ JV tf '- - .
r^lHOICE bed sets in Irish point lace,
MBl or tamboured, embroidered muslin,
rallll should be washed with Ivory Soap
i to preserve their beauty. If they are of an
ecru tint, a little strong coffee should be
addedvto the rinsing water. The vegetable
oils of which Ivory Soap is made fit it for
< | many special uses, for which other soaps
are unsafe and unsatisfactory. /
IVORY SOAP IS 99 «M PER CENT. PURE.
AMUSEMENTS.'
TO-NIQHT— ALL THI3 VVKKK. =
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Tha Powerful Melodrama, '
A CHILD OF
FORTUNE.
Rich In Emotional Scenes and Bubbling Ova*
With Rollicking Humor.
I A1V1O Matinees .....10c. 15c. 23o
Next Week— ••SLAVES OF THE ORIENT."-
¦ EVENINGS AT 3 SHARP. ; } '
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp.
what do you think?
packed houses and no cabs running
THE FORTUNE
TELLER.
IT MUST BE THE REAL THDTO.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, BOc. 75c i
¦ : ' -¦ ¦ ' Telephone Bush 9.
COLUMBIA SSSS
Powell at., near Market.
Lost 3 Nights — Matinee Saturday,
AIR. E£. S. Wli-LMRO".
To-night, Last Time. Charles Sickens*
"TOM PINCH."
Friday Night and Saturday Matin*©, T. w.
Robertson's
DAVID O«f?RlCK.
Saturday Night, J. M. Barrto's Comedy
"THE PROFESSOR'S LOVE STORY."
Beginning NEXT MONDAY.
SEATS READY TO-DAY.
GOODWIN TLUOTT
.in their greatest American and London Success I
"WHEN WE WERE TWENTY-ONE "
PRICES $2, 11.S0. $1. 75c. 60c and 23o
' " ' . i ¦
| FISCHER'S THEATER
'O'Farrell. bet Stockton and Powell au.
¦:y Telephone Main 231.
TIE ?*H-.ii NOT
UP *-:|v AFFECT. \;f *
"FIDDLE DEE DEE"
thousands crowd our housb at
. . EVERY PERFORMANCE.
: AND THE DEMAND GROWS GREATER.
So many good things. So much hearty
laughter. So many clever artists. So excellent
a chorus. And all for 25c and 80c at night,
ana only 25c at Saturday and Sunday matinees.
BASEBALL.
CALIFORNIA LEAGUE! GAMES.
THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
3:15 P. M.
SUNDAY. 3:30 P. M.
OAKLAND is. SACRAMENTO.
•-RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrlnon sts.
Advance Sale of Seats. S fltockton st.
Polor»p Desirable location.
luldvW unsurpassed cuisine.
unequal e d ser-
3 fin T ' ce \ an( * modern
CtUU conveniences are the
_^ - ¦ attributes that have
Ii1*2tf1n made these two" ho- ¦
Al til II II tels popular with
\ : ~ . V tourists . and -¦• travel- ¦
HatPIC crs who visit San
llUlWlO. Francisco.SOME OF THE JUDGES AND SOME OF THE PROUD OWNERS OF PRIZE- WINNING DOGS SEEN IN AND
ABOUT THE RING AT MECHANICS* PAVILION YESTERDAY, THE OPENING DAY OF THE SAN FRAN
CISCO KENNEL, CLUB'S SIXTH ANNUAL. SHOW. U •• ¦ - •"¦¦•• - '¦'¦¦- ?..-„::
Master Mechanic Lape Resigns.
¦¦: SAN BERNARDINO. April 23.— Division
Master Mechanic Lape , of the 4 Santa Fe
has handed in his resignation, to take ef
fect on May. 7.: He Is the ' ; third official to
vacate office wjthin flye'weeks. It is said
that Superintendent Beamer will , resign
within a few, days. ; The resignations are
said to be due to the desire of the Santa
Fe Company : to replace all old officials
with ¦ younger : men.
Tltfrd race— Lass of Langdon, s St.
Phillippina, Malaspina. v
. Fourth >race-^Princess Titanie,
Constellator/ Antolee. %
: Fifth' race— Tower of Candles, Sea
Queen',, Sly.';- ; / '. v
i. Sixth race— -Lena, McNamara, Ber
nota; :.'¦¦:-': ' '-¦/¦ *¦¦¦':...: -..-•¦.
SELECTIONS FOB TO-DAY.
First race— May W, Algareta/^au
sturo. v v .
r Second radfe— Legal Maxim, Vas al
lo, Nilgar. . ;
3640 Bernota .106 3022 Lena ........105
«S2 Slfl. ••¦•• 10T 3fi22 McNamara . ..107
i%£ Wlnd ,™»rd .-HO 3640 Merops ......107
oo£2 Sunello ......107." • - ;-,:¦ :'
Third race — Five and a half furlongs; setlinx:
Second race — Mile and fifty yards*, eelllnr
three-year-olds and upward: ¦
8635 Free Lance... 110 8632 Billy Lyons.. 103
8581 Legal Maxim.. 88 3610 M. Hildreth..'lO4
2222 S vea G ' •••" 86-3275 Kastalne 105
3635 Nllgar . ,; 107 3606 Brutal .... 109
3581 Lodestar 107i 3C39 Vasallo " 91
£££ Compass ;....101|. S581 The Gaffer! MlO3
3639 Constable .... 88 1 3635 Fondo :... lot
3610 Einstein 1071
Handicapper J. W. Brooks was out
again and attending to his duties yester
day after a severe attack of pleuresy.
Charles Boots of the Elmwood , Farm
Vill endeavor to ship hia stable East the
letter part of the ; week. He will only
take along about six and goes straight
through to New York. Argregor is well
entered In all of the big stakes and Mr.
Boots said yesterday that he considered
the son of Brutus the best horse he ever
owened.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race— Six furlongs; purse; three-year
olds and upward: r- . - .,-•
3593 Jen. Hughes.. 98 2554 Alarla ...... 119
3623 Resin 100 2508 Intrepldo 104
3605 E.M. Brattaln.107 3633 Dandy . 103
3592 May W.......111) 3590 Yellowstone .103
3370 Algareta .....105 3631 Fausturo ... 110
3638 Katy Walcott.110 3644 Headwater ...121
3C24 J^gVer 13 .™-:. 0 ;.: 1 !?? ™™ . =» R^"'-..118
Track Notes.
But for a pair of knees that look the
worse for wear and tear, Maraschino
would be a very shifty performer. The
three-year-old closed favorite for the last
race, a mile and 100 yards run, and was
beaten in a drive by Merops, an 8 to 1
shot, backed to 6. Rasp finished third.
Caesar Young's, good mare Eonic en
joyed a Cakewalk in the mile and a six
teenth selling run. A 3 to 5 favorite, she
made all the pace, disposing of Obia wlth
?^. t J effort - Limelight ran a moderate
third.
A staggerer for the crowd waa the de
feat of Alsono, the 4 to 5 choice for the
two-year-old scramble over four and a
half furlongs. . Bozeman could not seem to
keep him going in the first eighth, with
the result that he .finished . third. Honi
ton, ridden by Coniey, and 6 and 7 to 1,
led from the first jump, romping past the
judges five lengths in advance of Ner
vatcr. a 150 to 1 shot.
The Shasta Springs handicap, at six fur
longs, went to Sister Jeanie, a 6 to 1 shot,
carrying 105 pounds' 'and ridden "by L.
Daly. The filly moved away from fourth
position in the stretch, and ridden out,
downed Divina a length In 1:14. Constel
l?.tor ran third, just nosed out for the
place. Donnelly on the favorite, Mee
hanus, handled that horse about as well
as a Chinese section hand does a knife
and fork. He took the worst of a strag
gling start and never had a chance for
a . in." Frank Bell . died away In
front In a fruitless endeavor to carry 113
pounds and win.
For the opening seven-furlong run,
Frank Duffy, a 15 to 1 chance, earned a
nose decision over Elmer L, a 100 . to 1
ehot, piloted by Burlingame. The latter
must have been in pickle, for there was
quite a play on him. HI-Nock-Er ran
third, with the favorite, Anthracite, two
notches farther back. •
February enjoyed an easy thing of It
in the slx-furlong selling affair following.
Sixteen to 5 could be had .about the mare
and she galloped home, four lengths in
front of Straggler and Jerid.
AS if » bettors had p not already
• enough to contend , with, rain be
gan falling early during the game
, at Oakland yesterday, adding still
further to the discomfiture of
players. • •
Lack of transportation facilities on this
side of the bay kept many peopje away, so
th« attendance was only fair. Out of six
favorites sent Into the starter's hands,
only two— February and Eonic-rwere re
turned winners. .
OAKLAND BACETRACK— "Wednesday, April 23.— Weather showery. Track fast.
SO41. FIRST RACE — Seven forlorgs^ selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
I | I I Betting.
Index (Horse. Age, Weight. JSt. M.. %. Str.' Pin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
COOS (Frank Duffy, 5...111I 5 2 n 5 h 1 v. Ins P. Sheridan Prior 10 15
882Q iElmer L. 4 111I14 Sh 9 H 4 14 2 1% Klunder & Burns. Burlgm 30 . 60 ,
:*S3 |Hi-Nock-Er 5...11l| 9 3 >£ 3 n 2 h ' 3 ns J D. Lucas. ,/.. .Conley 2 9-2
3»7-'O (Matilda O, 4 100! 2 9 % 10 5 V. 4 Ji H. C. Ahlers ..Hoar 10 12
V.GX2 ! Anthracite, 5 1O9I 3 4 ',4 2 h C 1 5 % A. G. Blakeley See 2 16-5
858S |Ping. a Ill) G l\XM 1 1*3 3 n C 2 C. W. Chappell.Watrbry 20 30
3015 La Borgia 5 IMlVt 10 11 *< 1 7 U Elmwood Farm.L. Daly 15 7
3CU Road Agent, 4...10SJ7 5 1 12 9 2 8 *£ Covlngton & Co.McGovrn 50 100
3(523 ! Royal Prize. a..\llH12 11 4 1 7 »4 * G - Pacheca Frawley 6 12
:.t>31 Intrada, 4 VlOfi 10 13 13 10 10 E. 1. 'Wheeler Dyer 30 100
3G31 Sai'.or. 4 lOSjll 6 *£ 6 % 11 11 George Webb.... Donnelly 6 7
IMorellito a 1H| 1 12 15 12 12 J Weber... J. McCarthy 6 23
-478 |Cath Bravo. 4... 1081 4 7 '^ 8 1 13 . 13 J. P. Atkins Troxler 5 25
S1C2 jHaralamb. 4 lOSJ 8 14 14 14 14 C. Hubbell Fogg 100 10
Time — U. :24;. H.. :49; *i, 1:15^; %, 1:28^. Good start. AVon first three driving. Winner,
P. Sheridan's ch. gr. by Montana -Josephine. Toss up at the end. Hi-Nock-Er did his best
to-day. Anthracite cut off two or three Units. Ping had speed for a change and was
played.
::<;!-. SECOXD RACE — Sis furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
j j T '¦ Betting.
Index iHorse. Age. Welght.|St. %. %. Str. Fin. 1 'Owner and Jockey. Op. «J1.
3P25 jFcbruarj-, a HOI lfi»^ 51 11% 14 . IT. S. Gibson Howson 2 10-5
3631 IStraggler. a 115] 2 2 h 3 1 2 2 2 2 O. W. Boesicke.. Romero 10 . 10
3503 Jerid, 3 10«j S 51 4h 3h 3h F. O'Kane See 6 10
3C3S JMarineuse, 4 nil 10 10 % 8 % 5 >£ 4 1 J. Conway Frawley 10 20
o(,19 Golden Light, 4..1109 7% 91 7251 R. T. Doepner... .Conley 4 5
3(31 Xovia. a 101 5 8%61 61 «% Brown & Co Prior 12 20
3CM Marcsa. 4 UK! 6 4 1 7 % 8 1 7 % jJ. H. Dolan Fogg 8 12
!Reina de Cuba. 6..104 4 1212 92 8h 'Baldwin & Co.. .Ransom 5 «
C«SS»)|The Scot. 5 10.T11 9 h 10 10 2 «2 L. B. Wood. .. .Donnelly 12 30
3<2(> JGawaine. 4 10.1 3 3h 2h 4n 1« 1 |\V. E. Cotton ...... Hoar 8 12
:«!I2 'Formcro, 6 1C3| 7 13 11 11 1 11 1 |J. Hackett... .Fauntleroy 12 25
."442 iBarnato. a 10SI13 12 12 12 I 12 1 feJLittle & Co Troxler 8 10
3G1M jSilver Fizz. 5 107114 14 13 13 1?- 3 *l p - Corrigan Vickery 8 8
H14'.» |Gold Finder, 5...lu3!l2 11 5 14 14 li |M. Storn L. Daly 20 20
Time— 14. :24: H. :4SU; =4. 1:14. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. J. S. Gibson's ch. m. by St. Carlo-Sister to Ruth Ryan. Winner best. Straggler
ran consistently. Ma.rlneu. e e almost left. Maresa received a "grand going over." Reina
de Cuba had speed this day. Gawaine quit. Silver Fizz left. Scratched — Dollle Wett
heff 101. . ,
SU-13. THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlong3: two-year-olds; to first, $325.
Index Horse and AVeight. jSt. Vi- *?• Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
3590 IHoniton 110J 2 ... 13 13 15 W. O'B. Macdn'gh.Conly 15 5
3«13 (Xerrator IOC16 ... 2 1 2 1 2 ns Elmwood Farm See 100 150
<3<U3)'Alsono 115 3 ... 6h 4 2 3 3 Burns & Watrhs.Bozemn 1 4-5
3582 1 The Fog IOC 1 ... 7 5 Kb 4 3 W. B. Sink Jr... .L. Daly 30 30
:t<*i7 Deutchlard 113 5 ... 4h 6h 5 4 B. Schreiber Troxler 10 20
MS Do'.! Reed 118 7 ... 3 1 3 1 «2 XV. L. Stanfield. Donnelly 3 '7
SC13 jGavlota 110! 8 ... 8 £0 7 5 7 10 A. B. Spreckels...:Hoar— <•-« S 8
:r>82 jCHvcso .. 1UCI 4 ... « h 8 10 8 5 Baldwin & Co... Ransom 12^ 60 •>¦
3079 |The Owl IQiij a .... t) 9 9 Brearley & Co .... Rowan 100 300
Time — U, :2."i4; '-4. :47-?4 ; 4Uf, :55',4. Poor start. Won easily. Second and third driving
Winner, \\\ O'B. Macdonough's br. f. by Ormonde- LIbbertifllbbet. Honiton beat her field
away. Xervator is a pood one. Bozeman couM not keep Alsono up the first part Bell
Rted quit. Gavlota. away poorly. Clivoso lacked speed.
3044. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Shasta Springs H'dicap;. 3-year-olds up; to first, $400.
Index IHcrse. Age, Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. [ Owner and Jockey. Op? 'ci.
3608 ,'Sister Jeanie, 3..1C5 2 42 41 2h 11 Jennings & Co..L. Daly 4 11-2
3021 Divina. 3 104 3 5 1 0 3 4 2 2 ns El Primero Stable. ..See 4 11
3«1'1 iConstellator. 5 110 4 2 1% 2.1 3 h 3 n T. H. Ryan. ... .Vickery 4 O-f
<:;573);Frank Bell, 6 lisf 1 1 l>i 11 In 41 O'Neal &' Co Troxler 4 K
360S jHeadwater. 6 1OT1| 5 3 h 3 h 5 3 5 5 Jones & Co Hoar 7-2 9-2
30U3 ISleehanus. C 105] 0 7 7 « 1 6 10 Caesar Young.. .Donnelly 5-2 11-5
:;5U3 lCuoan Girl. 4 001 7 02 52 7 7 P. Corrigan .Knapp -15 100
TJmf — U. :24»i; »/£, :49; %, J :14. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner. W. B.
Jennings & Co.'s b. f. by Midlothian- Fannie Louise. . Winner - probably best. See on Di
vina rode a patient, persevering race. Frank Bell carried his usual cargo of Iron from the
foundry. Nobody but Donnelly should ever be allowed to ride Meehanus. Scratched
Joh" g°Eg^ I* 0 - _ s g I j n _ u ? j°A Saul ot Tarsus 103. \ .
3045. FIFTH RACE— Mile and a sixteenth; selling; four-year-olds and up; to first. $325.
Index;Horse. Age, Weight.]St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op? "ci.
<3Clo)jEonic. 4 98 2 12 12 12 12 Caesar Young.. Dorinellv 3-5 JTi
«597)!ot>ia, 4...;....... 95 C2n 2% 24 28 P. Ryan McGovern 3 18-5
<361€)jLime!ight. 6 101 3 41 3% 41 31 William Cahill. .... .Hoar 15 20
3615 |UIo Shannon, 5... 104 1 6 15 6 12 3 h 4h J. Coffey Ftawley -12 16
<3-VK!);Ada N. 4... %,.... 101| 7 7*7 5% 52 . Antrim Stable... Sheehan 30 40
3589 IThe Fretter. ». ...10*1 5 5h 5 1' C 1 ii ti F. J. O'Rourke See 30 40
3597 (Antolee. 4 lOl| 4 3 h 4 h 7 • 7 |P. A. Honlg Prior 12/ 12
Time— ',4. :24; 14, :49; %. 1:15; mile. 1:41%; ,1 l-16m, 1:48. Good start. Won easily
Second and third driving. Winner. Caesar Young's ch. m. by Eon-Mermaid. Eonic sneezed
in. Obia ran her race. Had the start been prolonged one second Rio Shannon would have
. J 3 ?*!? JT I 0 - \l - 4 *fe -* 1 * Practically left. Antolee withdrew early in favor of the others.
XJ04G. SIXTH RACE — Mile and 100 yards; gelling; three -year- olds and up; to first, $325.
Index Horse. Age. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Pin. Owner and Jockey. ' Op?" I1 <?i'.
3C22 Merops, C 112 1 6 3 6 1 1 1 .1 1 F. D. Weir Hoar f| A
3640 Maraschino. 3 97 7 8 1 4 h 2 1 2 2 J. C. Humphrey..Donnly ' 5-2 S
3632 Ra«p. 4 108 4 3%2h SI 32 J. Green ..........Prior 10 10
(3C32) Expedient. 5 112 2 7h 83 44 45 P. E. Smith Conley 2 7-2
3C22 El Mido. 6 112 8 0 8 62 52 J. S. Campbell..McCarty 7 8
3«26 Bob Palmer. 4. ...108 6 11 12 51 6 2 W. H. McNames See 6 15
3C28 Loyal S. 4 108 3 4h 62 7475 V. Gilbert A. Kelly 20 12
S628 Disturber. 0 112 9 86 73 82 8 4 S. A. Bryan Frawley 7 t 6
8C20 liar. Thatcher, 5..112 4 2 h 3 19 8 W. Johnson Fogg 30* 50
Time— 14. :24',4; %. :49%; %. 1:15%; mile, 1:43%: lm 100yds. 1:49%. Good start. Won
ridden out. Second and third driving. Winner, F. D. Weir's ch. g. by Brutus-Mftvmi
Merops toest on this occasion. Had Maraschino not been raced the p day before h* VvmYm
. have breezed In. El Mido arrived, late. So did Loyal S— very late. Disturber away badlv
Harry Thatcher lost in the fog. Scratched — Kastalne 110. Constable 93 Klckumbob 11V
Boarflman 112. : ;¦ . -^ , . . *¦*¦*•
Subject to Supervision.
LONDON, April 23.— The Parliamentary
committee charged to consider Charles T.
Yerkes railroad bill to-day approved the
preamble thereto, subject to the insertion
of a proviso that in v view, of the "magni
tude, novelty and peculiar character of
the enterprise, all of the work should be
subject to the supervision of the Board
of Trade."
Oakland Game Is Postponed
The ball game which was scheduled for
yesterday at Oakland .was , called off on
account of rain. Oakland and Sacramento
will cross bata this afternoon at Recrea
tion - Park. - Moskiman and • Hickey will
probably pitch.' The Senators are still in
a crippled condition and it is -more than
likely Oakland will: have an easy time in
winning .a majority, of the five games of
the series.' „,..,•- V- -
MASTER'S SPECIAL
The Victoria City Kennel Club's for the best
master in show— Mrs. M.' Larsen's Sharkey
The Leavltt cup for the best pair out of one
dam— -Dresser Simpson &. Niehaus' Bluebeard
and IDuke. The Harley cup for the best pair
2?i Danes— Dresser. Simpson & NlehauV
Bluebeard Mona, The best Great Dane
In show— Dreeser. Simpson & NIehaua' Blue-
Dcard. ¦_ ' " ¦ - ¦ ¦_ . ¦-¦'.. . - -
GREAT SPECIAL.
Best St. Bernard In show — Mrs. Charles New
man's Lester C.
The Bu3hnell cup, for the best bred on the
Pacinc Coast — Mrs. Charles Newman's Lester
C. The Ackerman cup, for the best pair
Phil C. Meyer's Le King and Arthur Rachsl
The Sands .Point challenge cup for the best St
Bernard . owned by. a member of the Ladles'
Kennel Association— Mrs. Charles Newman's
Lester C. > .
ST. BERNARD— SPECIAL.
Open, dogs ¦ and bitches — First, Charles A.
Christln's Prince; second,- withheld. -
NEWFOUNDLANDS.
Novico, dogs — First, Dresser, Simpson &
Niehaus' Alphonse; second, Mrs. H. M. Bos
worth's King ' Edward ; third, - C-innlngham &
Ellison's Carlos. Limit, dogs — First, Dresser,
Simpson & Niehaus' Nero; second, William W.
Merriman's Dick Swiveler; third, Cunningham
& Ellison Cunningham's Ruy Bias; reserve,
Mrs. Christina - Manhelm's . Defender. . Open,
dogs — First, Dresser, Simpson St - Niehaus'
Bluebeard; second, • Cunningham & Ellison Cun
ningham's . Duke; third, Cunningham & Elli
son Cunningham's Ruy Bias. Winners, 'dogs —
First, ' Dresser ¦ Simpson & Niehaus' Bluebeard;
reserve, Cunningham & Ellison Cunningham's
Duke. Novice, bitches — Firat, Dresser, Simp
son & Niehaus' Fanny; second, William W.
Mtrrlman's Little Nell; tlllrd. Dr. • M. F.
Spless' Princess; reserve, Mrs: Edwin C.
Ewell's Brunhllde. Limit, bitches — First. Cun
ningham & Ellison Cunningham's Carlotta;
second; Dresser, Simpson & Niehaus' Tempest;
third, O. Bergsten's Maud S; reserve, Mrs
Efiwln. C. Ewell's Brunhllde.
GREAT DANES.
Puppies, dogs and bitches — First, Thllo Len
dlwig's Pluto; second, L. Hlnman's Logan.
.Limit, clops — First. Mrs. M. Larsen's Sharkey.
Open, dogs — First, Mrs. M. Larsen's Sharkey.
Winners, dogs — First, Mrs. M. Larsen's Shar
key ; reserve, . Thllo . Lendlwig's Pluto, i Novice, j
bitches — First. Mrs. J. P. Norman's Vera Mon
tez;. second,: Mrs. G. W. Freeman's Winifred
F. Limit. bltches-7-Flrst, G. W. Freeman's
San Mateo Queen. Open; bitches — First, Mrs.
J. P. Norman's ..Vera Montez. Winners,
bitches — First, -.Mrs. J. P. Norman's Vera Mon
tez; reserve, G. W. Freeman's San Mateo Queen.
MASTIFFS.
; ST. BERNARDS, SMOOTH-COATED. :
Limit, dogs— First, Mrs. C. E. McStay's Duke
Ruosell; second, Mrs. J: : A. Moreland' s Rex.
Open, dogs — First. E. D. Connolly's General
B; second. Mrs. C.-E. McStay's Duke Russell;
third, Mrs. J. A. Moreland' s Rex. -Novice,
bitches — First, John Marshall's Princess of
Sblano. ¦ Lfmlt. I bitches — First, P. C Meyer's
Miss Barry; second, John Marshall's Princess
of Solano. Open, bltches^-Flrst, P. ,C. Meyer's
Miss Barry; . second, John Marshall's Princess
of Solano. Winners, bltches^ — First, P. C.
Meyer's Miss Barry; reserve, John Marshall's'
Princess of "Solano.
liam Wallace; third, .Harry J. de Greayer's
Emperor. . Open, . dogs — First, Mrs. . Charles
Newman's Lester Cfl second, J. J. Cairns' Ber
nard II; third; P. O; Meyer's Le King. Win
ners, dogs — First, Mrs. Charles Newman's Les
ter C; reserve, J. J. Calms' Bernard II. Nov
ice, • bitches— First, Mrs. Thllo Lendlwig's
Queen. . Limit, bitches— First; P. C. Meyer's
Alta Mildred; second, P. C. Meyer's Princess
Rachel; third, . L. J. Romer*s Queen Lyd la-
Open, bitches— First. P. C. Meyer's Alta
Rachel; second. A. - B. Fately's Lady Melba;
third, P. C. Meyer's Zueleka; reserve. L. J.
Romeros Queen Lyd la. Winners, bitches — First,
P. C. ' Meyer's Alta Rachel; . reserve, P. C.
Meyer's Alta Mildred. Novice, dogs— First,
John Breitwieser's Sierra King; second, Mrs.
J. A. Moreland' s Rex. /
Puppy, dogs— First, Sidney J. Ackerman's
Glenwood Booze. Novice, dogs— First, J j
Cairns - Bernard II; second, F. Luttrlnger's
Rover; third,. Sidney J.: Ackerman's Glenwood
Booze; reserve, William Schmidt's Prince
Limit,, dogs— First. Mrs. Charles Newman's
Lester C; second, Thomas D. Brown's Sir Wlf-
ST. BERNARDS— SMOOTH-COATED.
Best puppy dog— First. Charles K. Harley'.
I S^., Rl!Vel 5 r; reserve, J. G. Morgan's Mln-
Jp^ W^hII''" w 681 .,*?^ 0 ' , dosr — Flm - Charles
it. , Harley s Wandee Revelry; reserve. JO
Morgan'B Mineral Water. Best limit, dog-
First. Irving C Ackerman's Humberstone
!^ U f e8: T, re ? erve ' N ' H ' Hlckman's Endcllffe
St^i* w S l open> d °S— First, Irving C. Acker
mans Humbcrstone Bristles; reserve, Charles
K ; Hariey's Wandee Revelry. Best puppy!
«™ h ~"? lr £' £• H. Hlckman's Imelda; re
wEh" wi,?» Mo £? a £ 8 """"S*- Bes * novice,
bitch— First, J. G. Morgan's Morenga;. reserve
ii i «? B t5v " Ack erman'B Powhattan Queen. Best
JJuJh, W M h ;7 Firi!t ' Irvln * C. Ackerman-s Mag
gie the Maid; reserve, N.' H. Hlckman's lone
M CSt PIS' £i t( £- FlrBt ' Irvln * G Ackerman's
MareJe the Maid; reserve, W. W. Moore's Vina
Belle. Gentleman's magazine for beat smooth
puppy— First, N. H. Hickman's Imelda; re
serve, Charles. K. Harley's Wandee Revelry.
B r« 8 | w t 6 P u PPr— F1 rst.J..G. Morgan's Min
eral Water; reserve. J. G. Morgan's Morenga.
PACIFIC FOX TERRIER SPECIALS.
Cup for the beet wire-haired fox terrier own
ed inj California— First, Irving , C. Ackerman's
Hvmberstcn* Bristles; reserve, Irving C. Ack
erman's Maggie the Maid.
Tm Th . e p T aclflc tox terrier Produce stakes, 1002—
First, N. H. Hickman's Imelda; . second. Wil
liam J. Foster's Forest Flash.
w. B u Ceders> cup for the bePt »mooth brood
bitch : L. A. Klein'* Warren . Corlnne. . Best
smooth fox terrier (dog) puppy— First. Charles
K. Hurley s Wandee Revelry. Best smooth
fox terrier puppy, bred and owned west of the
Rocky Mountains— First, . George S. Thomas'
Endcllffo Bristles; reserve, T, K. James' Baden
Powell. Cup for the test pair of . fox _ terriers
owned on Pacific Coast — First, Irving C Ack
erman s Humberstone Bristles, and Maggie the
S^furT£at. N - H - Hlckman ' s Imeld * «*
Puppies, dogs — First. J. G. Morgan's Mineral
Water. Novice, dogs — First, George S.
Thomas' Endcllffe Carbide; second, J. G. Mor
gan's Mineral third. William I»awson'8
Canadian Bill; reserve, George T. Thomas'
Kr.dcliffe Skyrocket. Limit, dogs — Klr3t,
George. S. Thoma3* Endcllffe Bristles; second,
Irving C. Ackerman's Humberstone Bristles;
third, J. G. Morgan's Mineral "Water; reserve,
George S. Thomas' Endcllffe Skyscraper. . Open,
dogs — Flm, George S. Thomas' Endcllffe Bris
tles; second, Irving C. Ackerman's Humber
stone Bristles; third, George S. Thomas' End
cliff o Skyscraper; reserve, William Lawson's
Canadian Bill. Winners, dogs — First, George
S. Thomas'- Endcllffe Bristles; reserve Irving
C. Ackerman's Humberston.j Bristles.' Pup
pie^,'bitches — First. J. G. Morgan's Morenga.
Novice, bitches— First. 'J G. Morgan's Moren
ga. Limit, bitches — First, Irving C. Acker
man's Maggie the Maid; second, J. G. Mor
gan'a. Morenga. Open, .bitches — First, Irving
C. Ackerman's Maggie the Maid. Winners,
bitches— First, . Irving C. Ackerman's Maggie
the Maid: reserve, J. G. Morgan's Morenga.
Gold- shield for best fox terrier in snowj
First, George S Thomas' Endcliffe Bristles;
reserve. Irving C. Ackerman's Humberstone
Bristles.
WIRE-HAIRED FOX TERRIERS.
N. H. Hlckman's Isabelle. Novice, bitches-
First, Irving C. Ackerman's Powhattan Queen:
second, Charles K. Harley's Wandee Peril;
third, -Mrs. Thomas Murphy's Sappho; reserve,
George S. Thomas' Endcliffe -Pearl. Limit,
bitches — First, F. H. Farwell's Calrsmulr Mod
esty; second.. N. H. Hlckman's lone; third, W.
W. Moore's Vina Belle; reserve, Charle3 K.
Harley's Eclipse .Blanche. Open; bitches —
First, F. H. Farwell's Cairnsmuir Modesty;
second, W. W. Moore's Vina Belle; third,
Charles K. Harley's Eclipse Blanche; reserve,
H. A. Campbell's Otero. Winners, bitches —
First. N. H. Hlckman's Imelda; reserve, F.
H. Farwell's Cairnsmuir Modesty.
Sixth' race — Mile and fifty' yards;.' selling;
three-year-olds and upward: • '• ¦ .. .
3640 El Mido..... .110 3609 San Venadt>..110
'3622 Klckumbob ..107. 3610 Alicia ....... .105
3632 Canejo 105 8632 El Fonse. . .. .106
3622 Larry Wilt. ...04 (3028)Frank Woods. 110
': Fifth race — Six 'furlongs; selling; four-year
olds and upward: ¦ • •; -
3585 S. of Tarsus..lCK> (2761)Amasa»! ......106
3034 Jim Hale.:... 103 8612 Mike Strauss. 103
3633 Sly ...... . . . . 101 3685 T. ¦ of Candles. 08
3591 Col. Ball'tyne.106 8612 Tiburon ......103
3592 Sea Queen. "...101 . •
Fourth race — One < mile; . the San Lorenzo
Handicap ; . three-year-olds • and :, upward :
(3G21)Flush of Gold.107 3021 La Goleta .....107
3621 Varro ....... 92 (3C0S)Pr. s Titan!a.V.10O
S644 Constellator . .108 3045 Antolee • . . . ...102
Limit, ddgs — First, Charles K. Harley's
Wandee Revelry; second, Thomas Howard's
Golden Chance; third, jWllllam- J. Foster's
Forest Flash; / reserve, Charles K. Harley's
Wandee Dale. Novice, dogs — First, Charles
K Harley's Wandee Revelry; second. William
J. Foster's Forest Flash; third, Dresser, Simp
son & Niehaus* Toronto Billy; reserve, William
Halley's Midnight. Limit, ¦ dogs— First. F. H.
Farwell's Rowton Beson; second, N. H.j Hick
man's Endcllffe Resist; third, Charles K. Har
ley's Wandee Revelry: reserve, Charles K.
Harley's Wandee Jester. Open, dogs— First, F.
H. FarWell's Rowton Beson; second, Charles
K. Harley's Wandee Revelry; third, J. G.
Morgan's Champion Nlola Daddy; reserve,
Charles K. Harley's Vibo. • Winner*, ' dogs —
First. F. H. Farwell'B Rowton Beson; reserve,
N. H. Hlckman'B Endcliffe Resiit ; Puppies,
bitches— First. N. H. Hlckman's Imelda; sec
ond, John P. Brown's Garston Mischief; third,'
three-year-old' fillies V ; . • . '-
3577 St. Philllpplna.107 (357C)Imp. Mildred'
13009) Ishtar ...;. ...107 Schultz .....107
3014 L. of Langd'n.107 (3636)Annie» Max..;107
(tt593)Yreula ...."...107 3636 Halmetta, ... . 107
(3G12)Malasplna ...107 ' ' . .'.'".
SMOOTH-COATED FOX TERRIERS.
THE 'sixth annual show of ¦ San
Francisco Kennel Club opened
yesterday at Mechanics' Pavilion
under depressing weather condi
' tions. The strike also cast its
baleful influence upon -the exhibition:
Although this" " combination had, a de
pressing effect uoon the attendance, it
could not go beyond that • point, ' as the
show is a success In every other particu
lar. The entries are unusually large in
many classes of the best kennels in the
country. The exhibition is - the most
sightly ever held here, the decorator's art
having been effectively made use of, es
pecially by the California Coursing Com
mittee, which has charge of the splendid
greyhound exhibit, and by the California
Cocker Club. -
The. greyhounds proved the most or
derly of any of the dogs exhibited, not
raising their voices once to Join ! in the
somewhat unmusical chorus of .the other
dogs. The greyhounds were all neatly
blanketed and their section made an in
teresting exhibit of its own. They were
shown in an arcade on the south side of
the Pavilion. This was decorated in red,
while easy chairs r were scattered about in
profusion.
Judging commenced in the morning and
by dusk Judge C. M. Carnochan had en
tirely disposed of the fox terrier awards.
He was^ quick and businesslike in his
work and lived up to his reputation of
being the best judge of that breed in
America.
He awarded the special prize for the
best fox terrier in the show to G. S.
Thomas' wire-haired dog Endcllffe Bris
tles. ¦ Later in the day he purchased the
dog from Mr. Thomas.
He placed Charles K. Harley's Wandee
Revelry, recently imported, first in the
puppy class for smooth-coated terriers.
Charles Newman's 'Lester C, entered in
the name of Mrs. Newman, was easily
the best of the St. Bernards. : He won the
cup for the best St. Bernard, the.Bush
nell cup for the best St. Bernard bred on
this coast and a special award for the
best St. Bernard owned by' a member of
the Ladles' Kennel Association.- ; '
The programme for to-day follows: -
At 10 a. m.— Dr. George W. Clayton and
John Davidson will continue judging their
respective classes.
2. p. m. — Judging of greyhounds by
George A. Cranfleld.
8 p. m.— Judging of Oriental dogs by
Ho Yow, Imperial Chinese Consul Gen
eral; Major J. L. Rathbone will Judge
packs of hounds, and all the judges, act
ing a3 a jury, will decide upon the best
four from one kennel for the valuable
Cresceus cup. They will also judge. the
best brace of dogs.
Large Attendance Is Reported at All
Games — Ibtirg Again Pitches
Winning Ball.
AMERICAN ASSOCIATION.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— Washington de
feated Boston In the opening gama her* to-day.
Nine thousand spectators were present and
ground rules were necessary. Consistent stick
work by the home team was responsible for
Boston's defeat. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Washington T 15 2
Boston 3 U 1
Batteries — Orth and Drill; Dlneen and War
ner.
ST. LOUIS, April 23. — St. Louis woa th»
opening game on the new American Lcagu*
grounds from Cleveland to-day by bunching
hits in the third Inning.. Th« vl3ltors were shut
out until the sixth inning. Attendance 8000.
Score:
Clubs— K. H. E.
St. Louis .'. 0 9 3
Cleveland 2 8 2
Batteries — Donahue, Maloney and Bneden;
Moore and Bemls.
BALTIMORE, April 23. — The Philadelphia
Athletics defeated the Baltlmores In the open-
Ing game hers to-day. Bernhard kept his hits
well scattered, while McGlnnlty was hit hard
and gave way to Shields in the eighth. Attend
ance 12,000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 17 2
Philadelphia 8 13 1
Batteries — McGlnnlty. Shields and Robinson;
Bernhard and Powers.
CHICAGO, April 23. — The two-time cham
pions started off fast to-day and gave Detroit
a severe drubbing by hard hitting, clever base
running and almost perfect fielding. Attend
ance 6500. Score:
Clubs — R. H. E.
Chicago 1...12 14 1
Detroit 2 tt v . 8
! Batteries — Callahan and Sullivan; Miller and
McGuir*. ratio
NATIONAL LEAOXJE- ''-
PHILADELPHIA. April 23.— Th» ability to
hit when hits 'were needed gave Philadelphia
another Victory orer Brooklyn to-day. Th«
fielding of the visitors was ragged. Attendance
2500. Score :
Clubs— R. H. E.
Brooklyn 4. 8 ' " 1
Philadelphia 8 10 0
Batteries — McCann and Ahern; Iburg and
Dooln. Umpire — Brown.
PITTgBTJRG, April 23. — The game was aa
easy one for . Pittsburg, the Clncinnatls at no
time being dangerous. E wing had two . bad
innings, sixth and seventh, whan nine hits wer*
made. Attendance 3000. Score:
Clubs-*-' R. ' H. E.
Pittsburg 11 11 S
Cincinnati 3 7-4
Batteries — Phllllppl and O'Connor; • Ewlng
and Peitx. Umpire — Cantlllon.
NEW. YORK, April 23. — Tha Boston team
held the lead over the New Torks to-day up to
the eighth inning, when the home team bunched
hits and turned what looked like a defeat into
victory. Attendance 5000.. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Boston 4 9 8
New Tork 5 11 ¦ 2
Batteries — Plttinger and Moran; McGee
Evans and Teager. J Umpire — O'Day.
WESTERN LEAGUE.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., April 23.—
Score: Kansas City 2. Colorado Springs 5
DENVER, April 23.— Score: Denver 5 ' St.
Joseph 6.
OMAHA. April 23.— Score: Milwaukee 4.
Omaha 11. .
DES MOINES, Iowa, April 23.— Scor»: Des
Molnes 2, Peoria 6.
MONTICELLO. Ind./ April 23.— Ida Villa
near here, was almost wiped out by flr» early
to-day. The loss Is about $50,000. with 8 10 000
Insurance. Fifteen business firm, were burned
out.
LONDON, April 23.— At the Epsom
spring meeting the City and Suburban
Handicap (of -2000 sovereigns for three
year-olds and upward) was won by First
Principal. The Solicitor <J. Relff) was
second, and. Baldowy third. Twenty
horses started.
Racing at Epsom Downs.
Sixth race, one mile and a quarter, selling-
Cogswell won. Miss Liza second. Tea Gown
third. Time. 2:10.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenths — Lavator
won, Isabey second. Chancery third. Time,
1:51 1-5. .
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing — Schwalbe won. Loone second. Thurles
third. Time. 1:49 2-5.
First race.- six furlongs — Hoodwink won,
Zibia second, Otis third. Time, 1:15 4-5.
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Dr.
Walker won. Lady Churchill second. Bay Won
der third. Time. :57. ' .
Third race, six furlongs — B. G. Fox won,
Charles Moore second, Carl Kahler third Time
1:15 2-5. . ¦ "
CHICAGO, April 23. — Lakeside summary:
Sixth race, selling, seven and a half furlongs
— The Four Hundred won, I. Samuelson second
King Tatlus third. Time. 1:37%.
Seventh race, selling, six /urlongs — Theory
won, Lofter second, Clorita third. Time, 1:16.
Third race, one mile and a sixteenth, selling
-^Satin Coat won. Me Williams second, .Mr.
Pomeroy third. Time. 1:49%.
Fourth race, Peabody handicap, one mile and
an eighth — Searcher won. Silurian second Wax
Taper third. Time. 1:65%. • ,
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs — Early
won. Lvrnan Hay ' second, Ben Chalice third.
Time, :5«.- . . . ¦'¦¦
¦ First race, selling, seven and a half furlongs
—The Bronze Demon won, Joste F second
Edith Q third. Time. 1:36%.
Second race, six furlongs — Waring won,
Hainault second, -J. V. Kirby third. Time,
1:14. (Track record.) ,
MEMPHIS. April 23.— The n«w Memphis
Jockey Club meeting closed to-day. Results:
. Sixth race, three-year-old maidens, six fur
longs — Ibold won. Freelander second. Aden
third. Time. 1:16.
Fifth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Roysterer won. Bounteous second, Philip
pine third. Time, 1 :47 2-5.
-¦ Fourth race, two-year-olds, four and a half
furlongs — Navasota won. Kennard second.
Hedge third. Time. :55 2-5.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, gelling
— McAddie won, Malster second, Graden third.
Time, 1:08.
Second race, six furlongs, handicap — Kilo
gram won, Eddie Busch second, Petra II third.
Time. 1:14.
First race, two-year-olds, five furlongs, sell
ing — Rostrand .won, Joe Cobb second, Glorioso
third. . Time. 1 :02 3-5.
NEW TORK, April 23. — Aqueduct summary:
Eastern Racing Results.
the o^AXiij's ie,^ci3sra- form chart
AMEBICA2T ASSOCIATION"
BASEBALL SEASON OPENS
There will be but one. day's courslnr at
•Union Park this week. The management
decided upon this plan in order to allow
the owners to show their dogs at the
kennel club exhibition. A slxty-f our-dog
stake will be run on Sunday.
I' the street car strike continues the
park management will put on extra
trains for the accommodation of its pa
tr On^knd after May 7 entries for stakes , at
Union Park will close at the offlce of tne
association at 5 p. m. on the day of draw
ing. Following is the result of the draw
lust night: j
1 Open stake, sixty-four entries— Pasha Ken
nels' Kocker vs. J. H. Bishop'* Argyle; Stert
& Knowlts' Cold Shivers vs. H. Geary s Little
Jim; J. Sheridan's Forest Queen vs^ J L.
Ross' Fontenoy; A. McLeod's Royal Friend \s.
J. Moriarity's Kittlerr.an; Pasha Kennels «e
gal Attire vs. A.R. Curtis' Old Ironsides; Kel
ly & Hanley's Lusmagh Lad vs. F. Jones Ty
rone Prince; B. Sllvas' Master Rocket vs. J.
D« : mrsey'e Jingle Bells; J. Kelly's Governor
Mac vs. Chlarlni Bros.' Dewdrop; A. Vander
whlte's Loar King vs. J. Vlnal's Little Fuller
ton; M. B. Cavanaugh's May Be Kind V3. P.
Scott's Half Mcon; E. Geary's Fair Oaks vs.
H. H. Gray's Rona; J. \V. Fahey's October
Lad vs. E. Geary's Fenli; H. Pechner's Kear
sarge vs. J. Mailer's Bad Boy; E. Geary's Min
nie Sankey vs. J. S. Badt's Lovina; F. C.
Mack's Delia M vs. J. Moriarity's Snapper
Garrison; J. L. Ross's Game Boy vs. George
Sharman's Little' Sister; J. Sheridan's Tim
Murphy va. E. Geary's Ireland; T. J. Cronin'?
Tralee Boy- vs. C. O. ' Peterson's Haphazard;
P. J. Rellly's Honesty vs. P. Mullarky's Ma
mie Pleasant; J. H. McNeil's Black Hawk vs.
W. Johnson's Articulate; George Sharman's
Sit- Pasha vs. Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer;
A. R. Curtis' Anchor vs. F: Rosenberger's My
Nell; A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald vs.
Alameda Kennels' Melrose Lad; F. Jones'
¦\Vedgewood vs. E. Reddy's Full Moon; F. Eo
etnberger's Lady C vs. A. R. Curtis* Fly By
Night; A. W. Jones' Dexter B vs. J. L. Ross'
Herschel's Pride; T. Burke's Sotoyome vs. F.
Darling's Gambit; Pasha Kennels' Rural Art
ist vs. J. Tracy's Master Glenwood: Sterl &
'Kr-.owles' Olita vs. Chiarlni Bros.' "White Hat;
Alameda Kennels' Lilac vs. W. Kahn's Mel
rose; Alameda Kennels' Merrimac vs. Alameda
Kennels' A. J. Martin: T. J. Cronln's Vandal
V3. T. Burke's Lottie W.
Overture, by the orchestra; dub awlnclnr.
"Walter O'Leary; parallel bars. Georga Schllt
ter, Otto Rittler, C. Bayly; Chinese impersona
tion, L, A. Steiger; wrestllce by members un
der the direction of George S. Mlehlins — W. N.
Hoagr vs. C. S. Bowers, E. Irwln vs. \V. Anna
coat. L. Kullman vs. E. F. Murphy, H. K.
Carter vs. R. Bienfleld, W. H. Smith Jr. vs.
J. A. Mackenzie. M. A. Harris vs. E. C. Mills,
F. B. Bayly vs. J. H. Spiro, G. A. Hensley vs.
Charles Jenkins. G. W.- Brawn va. C IX Pen
tony, Li. C. Haaselbacher vs. M. Milward. R.
B. Cornell vs. E. J. Phillips. F. B, Deremer
vs. M. V. Lamme, J. M. Collins va. "A. A.
Pockwltz. M. F. Rapp vs. H. C. Eowden, J.
Glndorff vs. H. Imhof, E. Anstett V9. J. B.
Garafolo; acrobatics. Rittler brothers; slack
wire. George Olsen; dueling e words. Em!U
Ortion and Fernand Vautier; fire act. A. M.
Stone; fancy bag punching, Dan Whelan and
VV". J. Leonard; Roman ringa, Jacob Dilges and
George Schlitter; boxing. Sam Berger and C.
A. Bayly, W. J. Leonard and Daniel Danaiger.
Desplta th» Inclement weather and th«
stoppage of streetcars throughout th»
city, the attendance at the Olympic Ath
letic Club's "ladies* night" entertainment
last evening was exceptionally good, Tho
programme was as follows:
The Russian Government and church as-
Eume that any one who obstinately per
sists in leaving the orthodox church is
insane or possessed of devils and some
times exercise the right of treating such
persons precisely as madman. Their
property may be placed under a curator
ship and their children under guardian
ship, while they themselves may be im
mured in a monastery until there is evi
dence of restored sanity, that is, until
they declare their willingness to return
to orthodoxy.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 23.-Conslder
able attention is belnp given a new sect,
which has grained many adherents in the
province of Perm. It is known as the
Sect of Jehovists, though its real name is
the "Brotherhood of the Right Hand."
Its declared purpose is the reconciliation
of all religions. Latterly it has assumed a
character of pronounced enmity to the
Government. This it attributed to per
sonal reasons. Colonel Ilin. the founder,
having spent twenty years in solitary
confinement in a monastery for abjuring
the orthodox faith.
RESULTS OF WEDNESDAY'S RACING AT OAKLAND TRACK
VIENNA, April 23.— The comment here
Is generally adverse to the Morgan
steamship combine. The Neuese Weii*er
Journal characterizes it as the first world
trust and says:
The interests of Jhe entire world are opposed
to America monopolizing: the shipping traffic
of the world, or using international navigation
to develop its own export trade and serve its
own political ends. The present organization
contains the root of a still closer combine, of
which America will be the strongest member.
Notwithstanding the fact that Germany is able
to bring into the pool a hundred times the
traffic of America, yet the superior organized
financial power of the Morgan syndicate will
eventually give the United States supreme con
trol From the standpoint of national inter
ests the trust \s the most dangerous conceivable
and it is only natural that the States affected
should watch the development most closely and
take every precaution possible. It may be_ found
necessary to extend the system of State owner
ship to the sphere hitherto left exclusively for
private initiative. -Yet State ownership of the
commercial marine would greatly reduce Its
mobility and give" fresh advantage to America,
which has other means of defending and con
centrating its own interests.
Austrians Appear Afraid
America Will Gain an
Advantage.
An Excellent Programme Is
Rendered by Clever
Performers.
Founder Good Cause for
Enmity to the . Gov
ernment. ?
New Rule as to Entries Wiil
Go Into Effect Next
Month. -^
Clever Greyhounds Out
for Prizes Next
Sunday.
Comment in Vienna Is
Adverse* to Steam
ship Combine.
Athletic Club Holds a
Successful "Ladies*
Night."
"Brotherhood of the
Right Hand" Gains
Many Adherents.
RUSSIAN SECT
OF JEHOVISTS
DOGS TO COURSE
AT UNION PARK
OPPOSE FIRST
WORLD TRUST
OLYMPIANS DRAW
A LARGE CROWD
THE SAN\FRANCISCP | CALL, THXJKSDAY, APRIL .2,4;. 1902.
Many Classes Are Unusually Large and of the Highest Quality
Ever Benched>in This> Gity— Charles Newman's St. Bernard
Lester C Carries Off Many Prizes— Display of Greyhounds
VARIED AND VALUABLE ARE THE DOGS
SHOWN AT KENNEL CLUB EXHIBITION
8
. r ' . aDVEBTISEMENTS. Wj^
I RHEUMATISM * g
5 «f T ?^™^2f « g ? n , di " g ' r , a , s P In »« aggravating. pain! Let it come in the guise |
H ?/ lT ,V=^ a^°' S . clatlc , a . Muscular, inflammatory, "Come and Go": in the n
q loints, in the chest, in the back, anywhere. I will cure it. My Electric Belt -
¦ •frr^^'^tK^rc^in^w^i?^- ItreIlevea the paInln - E
5 u «- MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT S
Qj Has cured thousands of Rheumatics. It will cure ycu. g
g -C7 RHEUMATISM CURED. S
S DR. MCLAUGHLIN— Dear Sir: About one month ago I began the use of on. «? £
B your belts for the cure of rheumatism, having suffered with It for th-ee year? »m m
H after tartar tried all kinds of medicines and doctors, and being compelled to 7ha^« S
S my residence from Amador County, I began to Improve immediately after three dav? B
g use of the Belt, and have continued to do so since. It has dona good work for me r 18
¦ now get up 'in the morning feeling fresh and rested. Instead of that tired worn f"eel H
H ing. and have increased greatly in weight. I feel better In every resnecL ™a 5
m Free Tested oSS^S"^^ S
n FreeRnnk°r yital Weakness - indigestion, eta. tit mv^dt till a
S fre^fncloSVhls^ 7 " y0U Ca "' Send < or &£&3Za?S. M
g ke t S S Se C t^o L rn?r° E iSi C s E -- On ""^ my ° fflces to «5« Mar- g
I DR. M. C. McLavghlm,- 702 Market St., Cor. JCearni g
¦ Office hours-8 a! M. to 8:30 P. M.: Sunday,. 10 **£ FraaCUCO - CaL g
BaEESaaBBBBBaSBBgBaaBHHHBBBnBBBBBBBBaaHasaS• E : J.'SmUh of Oakland will referee the
Gardner- Walcott;: fight ¦ to-morrow night
at" -.Woodward's r Pavilion." •*> The" colored
boxer-has been made an 8, to: 10 favorite
over f?q pr .' v
. Smith Will Act' as Referee.
DIES FROM POISONING.— Edward Barrett,
who was taken , to the Emergency ¦ Hospital on
Thursday, night suffering from supposed : opium
poisoning, died -at thu hospital- at ft o'clock
yesterday morning. The Coroner ; took charge
of the remains and will investigate the case. •
H1S< PRESENCE ANNOYING.— William ; J.
Bayard, a salesman, was arrested yesterday by
Officer Floyd ' on complaint ' of * Mrs. •¦ Margaret
Beatty of 320 "Van Ness',. avenue "and- charged
with disturbing the. peace.. *Mrs,' Beatty de
clared i that | Bayard was constantly j annoying
her and she was forced to resort* to "the aid
of the police to get rid of him. \.
. OAKLAND.'- April ,23.— Licenses . to' mar
ry, were issued to-day to Peter Lundborgr.
aged 30 years, San. Francisco, and Magda
lena , Rasmussen,.,- 19, -Oakland; Herbert
Brlggs. over 21, and Elizabeth Greer, over
18, both of ; Oakland; Arthur T. Kernan.
22, and : Ethelle.M. Rlley.. 18,^ both of San
Francisco; : Maurice 'Behan- Jr.; 26. and
Kate i Devlin, 23.- both of San Francisco*
Albert F.v Meyers,. 28. and Lillie R. Tay
lor,", 22, both of Llvermore. , • ' v
Licensed to Marry.
CHICAGO, April 24.— Every fireman and
deckhand in. the employ of the Great
Lakes Towing Company, the tug trust, at
all the ports on the lakes where that com
pany operates tugs were last night or
dered to join In a sympathetic strike to
assist the members of the Deckhands' and
Firemen's Association at Duluth in their
demands ' for higher wages. The deck
hands and firemen iuit work in -Chicago
a.t midnight. With 'the swift current run
ning In the river the strike will practical
ly amount to an embargo on navigation
at this port Whether the Tugmen's As
sociation will join with the deckhands
and firemen in their fight is not yet
known. Their demands have been met by
the -tug trust at; every. port on "the lakes
except Cleveland and Lorrain.
Tug Trust Employes Strike.
The McKlnley. memorial committee. met
yesterday at the Hopkins Art Institute,
with the object of inspecting and passing
upon the models, submitted for accept
ance. After an examination of each
model the committee came to the conclu
sion that none of the designs answered
the" requirements, and consequently all
were rejected. It is the Intention "of the
committee to met again to-day.' when the
matter of the memorial will be consid
ered.
Designs for Memorial Rejected.
VANCOUVER, B. C. April 23.-RIchard
Trevalyan, ;a native of Cornwall, Eng
land," who for many years has resided in
various parts of British Columbia, has
fallen heir to £59,000. He is an old man
without ambition and, has lately had a
precarious existence.
LOS. ANGELES. April 23.— Colonists to the
number, of 20.0C0 have already availed them
selves of, the , cheap transcontinental rates to
California *n effect since March 1.
LOS ANGELES. April 23.— Sixty-five ".stu
dents and professors irom Stanford I University
appeared to-night at the Los Angeles Theater
In the Greek play "Antigone." -There was a
largej_attendance.
SAN JOSE, April 23.'— The inquest to-night
over the body of -Archie" McDonald, who died
at the police station Ia?t nlsrht. developed the
fact that death resulted from hemorrhage of the
brain. .' The body will be shipped to San Fran
cisco.^ ' V. 'I
REDDING. "April 23.— Canned "fruit Is be
lieved to have poisoned C. C. Harrington, a la
borer employed near Balrd Spar, last evening.
He died In great agony from convulsions short
ly after partaking of: the fruit. Coroner Green
.has cuna to lnvestisate. ;
Aged Man Inherits Wealth.
.United States,: Marshal John h: ; Shine
was officially notified yesterday that he
had been reappointed by President Roose'
velt as - United States '.Marshal for this
district for: the next four years. Ther^
will be no change in | the present force
of outside deputies, and A. L. Fansh,
who "has been; office deputy for fifteen
'years, will: be retained.'. Shine is the only
United States Marshal in this d strict who
has '. been reappointed ;"¦ within. ;, the . past
twenty years. -.-.-. ;>-;-,.
Marshal Shine Beappointed.
ASTORIA— Sailed ADHr 23— Stmr Ellmore
for Tilfamook; stmr , Geor W Elder, for San
Francisco. '• ¦ ¦ ' " . -.
- Arrived Ar>rll 23 — Stmr Harrison, from Tll-
Iamook; stmrfPrenties, from San Francl«An •
¦ TACOMA— Arrived April 23— Bktn T Portland
from San Franclsso.- t . . , ,"" '
Sailed April 'Si— Schr Marion, for San Fran '
cUco;' stmr John S Kimball. for San Fran
Cisco. April 22— U H stmr Grant,'; for cruise •
etmr (Queen of Pacinc, for fishing banks '
M SKATTLE-Arrlved April 2;j-Stmr John~ B
Kimball, from Tacoma: schr Mildred from San
Francisco;- schr .Courtney : Ford, from San
Pedro. ¦' '¦ .'•¦¦¦¦' .,¦¦¦• • . . . . •
; Sailed April 23— U S Btmr Bear," for cruise- !
schr William Nottingham, for Tacoma- «tmr '
Progress 3. for San Francisco; stmr P K 'iCellv
for. cruise: stmr;Kllhu .Thomson, for'Tacoma'
stmr Rainier., for DIxons Entrance. '
. .': • ¦¦"¦ Ocean 'Steamers. ¦ ¦" '. *"
MARSEILLES — Arrived April 23 — Stmr
CalebrJa. from New, York, via Naples •!¦ >
PLYMOUTH — Arrived April 23':— Stmr
Deutschland, ' from New .York, for Cherbourg
and Hamburg, and proceeded. •/. ,' uour «
MOVILL.E— Arrived April 2.1 — Stmr 'Corin
thian; from St John. N«B, and Halifax .N a
for Liverpool.- and nroceeded. ¦ ••< -. .;- .. ,',v-. ,
a ¦ QUEENSTOWN — Arrived April 23— Stmr-
Rhynland; ' from • Philadelphia, for Liverpool
and -proceeded. • , - . - •-. .v . . .-. .VT''
CHERBOURG— Sailed "April »;»— Stmr Kron
prlnz Wllhelro. from Bremen and Southampton
for !¦ New * York. . ' , . J.
LI VERPPOL— Sailed April 22— Stmr | Majes
tic. . for New r. York, via Quecnstown; - stmr
Nnorrlland.-' for ;Phllndclphia. via ¦, Queenstown
HONGKONG— Pulled April 12.5— Stmr VEm
presa nf. India, for Vancouver..!!} C, via Shan*- '
hal. ¦ Nasasakl' and • Yokohama. ¦- .'.. . . , -¦ . ¦ , • , ;> ;
•., -is • - ¦.
Late Shipping -Intelligence.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
REDDING, April 23.— Indians are gath
ering\ near the Boggs farm, in Colusa
County, from all sections of Northern
California, preparatory to their annual
celebration. Nearly 1000 men. women and
children are camped along the river.
Indians Gather for Fete.
The case of Fred ¦ Hansted, charged
with an assault to do grievous bodily in-
Jury upon Thomas Garrett. was again
conUnuedi yesterday by Judge, Cabaniss,
this time till to-morrow', on the showing
of John A. Boyle, a reporter, that Garrett
was still unable to leave. the hospital al
though improving nicely. Attofnev
Archie Campbell' on behalf of Hansted
again protested against the continuance
Assistant District Attorney Hanley said
that some of the witnesses would be ex
amined to-morrow. . •
Garrett Not Yet Raady.
Third Robbery of Postof fics.
RED BLUFF, 1 April 23.— The Vina post
office was robbed- last^nlght for the third
time in a few weeks. : r. Two young men ar
rested to-day in Deer Creek by Deputy
Sheriff Lawson had stolen stamps in tnc r
possession." . ' " -.-¦¦"•¦ . , "
Servant Girl Dupsd.
Elise^Wlttllnger, a young girl from the
country, and at present living' at 1015
Market street, swore to a complaint be
fore Judge Mogan yesterday charging
'Professor" MWeller. clairvoyant, 1007^
Market street, with betrayal under prom
l&fe of marriage. She said: she had been
employed as a servant and had within the
latt five years saved $200. >i She came to
the city 'a few weeks ago and called-on
Weller, who -told her he would teach- her
palmistry, I but instead 1 of • doing- so, she
claims, he took almost all her money.
THE HAGUE, April 23.-It';wa<$ said to
nlght';at Castle Loo-that every without a
relapse Queen WUhelmlna's convalescence
woutd occupy, a month or more. To-day
her - Majesty showed a considerable re
vival of.' spirits.and interest in. her sui
roundlngs. The Queen-mother .went for a
walk, out-doors to-day for. the first t.me
since her daughter's nlncss.. ., ..
Qusen Wilhclmina's Condition.
Much to the' .surprise, of A<?se?ior Do3ge.
a demurrer , to the .complaint made by"
nini against- James MclSab of M Nab &
Smith, draymen, was sustained by Judge
Cabaniss yesterday and the case . dis
missed. McNab was arrested for refus
ing to give to a deputy assessor the
names of all the employes of the firm, as
required by-section 434 of the Penal Code.
Attorney Frank Kelley for »McNab de
murred to the ; complaint on the ground
that the section of the code rtqulreil
"every person" to give the names of his
employes, and that the defendant, being
president of the company, could not b^
held personally responsible.
Aseesor Dodge Astonished!
WASHINGTON, April 23.-The Presi
dent to-day sent to Congress a message
vetoing a bill granting the Central Ari
zona Railway Company right of way
through jthe San Francisco mountain for
est reserve. . He says this action was
taken on advice of the Secretary of the
Interior and Commissioner of the Gen
eral Land Office, who say that the bill
does not properly^ safeguard the Govern
ment from destruction of property in the
reserve. He also cays . there is a law
which would permit the railroad to cross
a f crept reserve. If the company desired
to take advantage of It. ¦ ¦¦-
Refuses Railroad Right of Way.
Calve Leaves, to Return No More.
..NEW YORK. April 23.— Mme. Calve
sailed for Europe to-day on the St. Paul.
She said juot before she went on board
the ship that she«had said good-by to her
American friends for the last time. - She
would- never return here, for the reason,
she added, that the yearly trips were too
fatiguing, I and also . that ¦ the climate of
any country but France disagreed with
her. . .
SAN JOSE,, April 23.— At the demand of
the city Board of Health. Milk and Meat
Inspector, Harry Conner tendered his res- ;
Ignatioh to-day. It was unceremoniously
accepted. While the Health Board- re
fvses to discuss the affair, it is said that
Conner went beyond his duties. He posed
as a veterinarian, and is said to have in
spected cattle for dairymen, giving cer
tificates stating. that the herds were free
from , tuberculosis. Milkmen complained
that some dealers were favored. ¦
Exceeds His Authoritv.
I The Harbor Commissioners met yesterday
j afternoon and. transacted the regular routine
i business of '• the board. No appointments "were
'made, j John D. SDreckels .i Bros. Company
i called the attention ' of tha board to the col
' lapse ot Howard-street wharf No. 2 and the
resultant wrecking of the company's ¦ coal
• bunkers. -The cotr.uany claims that the accl
' dent resulted from the deterioration "of the
'¦ wharf ;ind stated that tha Board .of Harbor
i Commissioners would be held s responsible. A
i communication was also received from W. . G.
i Stafford & Co., the owners of the coal, notify-
I ins the board that it would be held responsible
I for the 1800 tons of coal thrown Into the bay
as the result of the accident. •¦ Both communi
cations were referred to Attorney of the board
Hud<l. - The chief wharfinger's report of .the
accident states that the coal, bunkers fell into
: the bay. carryins with them part of the whan",
j The chief -enclneer's renort places the blame
on the overloading, of the bunkerd which, he
claims, "collapsed and settled down intq the
' bay." • ;
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
The Deutschland reached here at 7
o'clock this evening. The liner steamed
in unaided, steering with. her twin screws
and apparently under as jjood control as
though she had not lost her rudder. The
speed -maintained Jay the Deutschland
after her accident is quite remarkable.
She averaged eighteen knots an hour and
kept her course perfectly. The liner has
proceeded to Cherbourg. No repairs were
made to her here. - .
PLYMOUTH.. April. 23.— The Hamburg:
American line steamer" Deutschland, which
left New York. April 17 for Plymouth,
Cherbourg and .• Hamburg, was. sighted
eighteen miles south of the Scllly. Islands
with her rudder broken. The Deutschland
passed the Lizard at 4:10 p. m. She sig
naled: "Lost rudder Tuesday, 400 miles
westward of Bishop Rock. Steering well
with enzlnes." I - -
LINER DEUTSCHLAND
LOSES HER : .RUDDER
It was found that the cause of the strife
lay in the rivalry between certain Chinese
who are guides for contraband Asiatics
seeking admission to this country, against
the provisions of the Chinese exclusion
act;- It is said that since the 1st of last
November 150 Mongolians have succeeded
In getting across the line. 'The route
which is used is from Enscnada to Juarez
and Tecate, into San Dieg-o County near
the desert. Apparently they find aid on
this side of the line, and are d'rected to
Riverside, the Calico mining district or to
other places where Chinese congregate.
The Chinese pay $150 to the guide who
will land them safely on this" side of the
line. •
SAN DIEGO, April 23.— Through a fight
In the Chinese quarter of Ensenadasome
interesting facts have come to the sur
face regarding the smuggling of Chinese
Into this country. The fight occurred be
tween Charlie Sam and' Gee Sami and the
fermer was badly beaten, being held by
the friends of the latter while the pUm
meling was going on.
GUIDES ESCORT CHINESE
ACROSS THE BOUNDARY
SAN JOSE. April 23.— Louis Sonnlksen,
one of the most popular business men In
the city. was. married this evening v to
Miss Irene Sheaff. The bride is a tal
ented young lady of this city. The wed
dlns occurred at 6:39 o'cloclc-at the home
of the bride's mother. Mrs. Kate Sheaff,
68 South Tenth street. Only a few friends
and relatives ¦ were present.. Rev. '. T. S.
Young of the Baptist church performed
the ceremony. After a wedding feast Mr.
and Mrs. Sonnlksen left on the 8:50 o'clock
train for Southern California. The honey
moon will be spent at Coronado.
Sonniksen-Sheaff Wedding.
" WASHINGTON, April 23.— The , follow-
Ing Callfornians have arrived at .the
hotels: Ebblt— J. E." Branner, • Stanford
University. ! Raleigh— Miss N. Ackerman
and James Jerome, San. Francisco. Wil
lard—Mrs. ,R.- E. Houghton and Miss
Houghton, San Francisco, National — J.
S.- Victor. Los Angees. • , :
Californians in Washington.,
MINSTREL^ SHOW IS POSTPONED.—Be
cause of the street car strike and also because
of the Inclement weather the minstrel
show which was to have been grlven last night
at Odd Fellows' Hall -was postponed until next
Monday night. .
An alarm wa.« given and the Chief of
Police was on the ground shortly after
ward with a large force of policemen.
Every man on the plaza, which is fre
quented only by the p^ons, was arrested.
There are twenty-seven prisoners besides
the injured participants.
EL PASO, Tex.. April 23.— A dispatch
to-day from Chihuahua eays: A fatal
cutting affray took place among the peons
on what is known as the "Little plaza,"
opposite the cathedral, in which four men
were killed and about a dozen more or
Jess seriously injured. The men were
gathered about a tequila joint, and the
difficulty arose over the price of a glass
of tcauila. valued at 3 cents. The two
disputing parties drew their knives and
befcaii to slash each other. Before the
ponce could interfere three men lay dead
on the ground and one was fataily in
jured. Eleven were badly cut up, three
of whom may die.
P.ATTLE AMONG PEONS
ENDS IN FOUR DEATHS
DENVER. April 23.— The Coroner's In
quest In the case of Albert Gabrin, mem
ber of the Colorado Legislature, who dleJ
In January last from what is alleged to
have been arsenic poisoning, was begun
to-day. Drs. Kleiner, Tyler and Wilder,
who attended Gabrin during his last ill
ness, were the only witnesses. ' They were
also present at the autopsy, and their
testimony agreed as to the evidence of
poison In the stomach. ,It is expected
that the inquest will last several days.
Doctors Say He Was Poisoned.
WASHINGTON. April 23.— President
Roosevelt to-day transmitted to the
House a reply to the Inquiry as to re
ports that British and Canadian pfncla's
were encroaching on our territory on the
Alaskan border and were destroying land
marks. Tn an rhclosure Secretary Hay
says: "The reports to which the resolu
tion refers were brought last autumn to
the attention of the Department of State,
which immediately set on foot an investi
gation to ascertain what foundation there
is for them. Hitherto this investigation
lias not elicited any proof of the alleged
transaction, but it will be continued until
the truth in regard to the matter is as
certained." '
Canadians Aro Not Encroaching.
CHICAGO. April ' 23.— A jury in' Judge
Chetlaln's 'court ''''returned "a verdict of
guilty ; to-day against the Rev. Peter A.
Hjeln of Han Francisco,/ formerly -pastor
of the- Swedish Baptist Church, in this
city. In the case brought against him by
Mil«s Mary Orlander. ' Miss Onander
char&od turn with, making a statement
derogatory to her character November \.
lMiy. ahc wus u member qf Hjelh's con
gregation at the time, it Is said, and was
al.so a teacher.in the Sunday scnool. The
jury t!xed damages. at $12."). She sued for
SlO.uCO.v .- : ¦ •.-. .' •'¦•¦¦¦ .
Pastor Must Pay Her Damages.
REDDING,; ¦ April 23.— Stockmen of
Northern California have discovered that
vaccination ' will prevent the spread of
blackleg among their, herds. The disease
was prevalent last season and heavy
losses resulted. ' This year every calf,
yearling -and two-year-old is, being in
oculated. Ordinary virus is ¦¦ used. -There
is no blackleg. among the cattle at, pres
ent. . -¦ ; ¦¦•, '. ¦ .-a •'.* ...
VACCINATING CATTLE
TO PREVENT BLACKLEG
talk. or a. sale, but declared h6 had not
made overtuies to the United States.
The Foreign Minister finally read a
telegram from 400 planters ¦ and mer
chants of the Danish West Indies urging
the immediate ratification of the treaty,
setting forth that the condition of he
islands was critical and asserting that the
sentiment amonx the inhabitants wus
strongly In- favor, of the Islands' sale.
CaliforniansinNew York.
NEW YORK; April 23.— The following
Callfornians have arrived:
San Francisco— J. Brown, Dr. M. O.
Alexander and Mrs. Alexander; at tho
Marlborough; M. H. Goodwin, at |nc
Grand; Mis. W. J. Allyne. the Misses Al
ljne and J. McDevitt.-at the Holland; T.
Binney, at the Gilsey; J. M. GamDle. at
the Hoftman; A. C. C. Gamer, at the
continental; Mrs. Hardenberg. .Mh. N.
McNutt and M; B. Medbury. at the In<
pt-riairMrs. A. Harley, at the New .Am
sterdam; Mrs. F. Older, at the Westmin
ster; M. Burke, J. C. Ccoper and wife, E.
J. Dempsey. C. Hcfi'ernan and W. L.
White, at the Grand Union; E. R. Heid,
at the Afetor.; T. J. Limcuriux, at the 3t.
Denis. - ¦ p ' • ¦ "¦'
Los Angeles— D. Nelson, at the Sinclair.
San Jose— F. T. Bailey, at the Astor.
San Diego^G< Holmes and wife, at the
Albert. . • ' ¦ .,
FOR'EIGN^MINj'STER.O^^pnN-l'.
. -MARE.' WHaV«FAV.ORS 'THE*'
; SALE OfAtHE'ISEANDS". • % '*?
CHICAGO, April 23.— The construction
of a steam railroad In the Klondike will
soon begin. The~ general manager and
chief engineer "of'lne hew road,~E. C.
Hawkins, came to Chicago to-day to con
sult with the Cudahys and "other local
capitalists who are interested in the road.
Clean through the hea^t of the gold min
ing region the new road will be cut.
Dawson, on the east bank of the Klondike
Rivor, will form one terminus of the
Klondike Mines Railway, which will be
the c metal name of. the road, while eighty
two miles'- southeast the other terminal
station will be established at a point
where the Independence Kiver runs into
the Bigger Stewart River. The line will
lie vhoily In Canadian territory and ft
has been chartered by that Government
with a capital of $2,500,000.
Chief Engineer Hawkins expects the
road to be completed from Dawson to In
dian River this summer.- That is about
half the distance to be covered. Between
these two points the road will penetrate
the rich Bonanza Creek district. It will
also touch Dome, a lofty elevation at the
head of Bonanza Creek. El Dorado Creek
is to be tapped, while Hunker Creek will
be paralleled for Its entire length at dis
tance of about six or eight miles. Recent
discoveries cf gold on Indian River are
largely responsible for the building of the
new road. - . - •
RAILROAD WILL RUN" ; : '
THROUGH GOLD FIELDS
SALT LAKE, April 23.— Detective Fisher
of Sacramento, who has arrived, in tha
city with a requisition for Frank Wade,
alias Cook, the alleged murderer of Hugh
Duffy, is looking for another man said 10
be implicated in the crime. ; The officer
believes an accomplice of Wade is some
where In the vicinity of Salt Lake. He
declares there is no doubt that Wade is
the guilty man. Fisher may not leave
for California for several days because of
his quest for the accomplice. When ho
goes back he will take with him as a wit
ness Carl Dalbeit. the young mail who
says Wade confessed to him.
Detective Seeks an Accomplice.
NEW YORK. April 23.— 1 om Sharkey
and Gus Ruhlin were matched this after
noon to box fifteen rounds to a decision,
before the National Sporting Club of Lon
don, during the week beginning June t'.
for a purse of $5000, the winner to get 73
per cent.
LONDON. April 23.— The National
Sporting Club offers a purse of $12,500 for
a pugilistic contest between Jim Jeffries
and Bob Fitzsimmons, to be held in Lon
don next June. ¦ ->
Sharkey and Ruhlin Matched.
Tho San Francisco Association gave the
State delegates a complimentary ball at
Native Sons' Hall , last night. G. \Y*.
Bayreuther- was floor manager. Dancing
lasted until midnight. An excursion trip
about the bay on the General Frisbie
will be gtv«n- to-dayr the-steamer leaving
Mission-street pier No. 2 at half-past 9
o'clock. Abanquet will be given tha vis
iting delegates to-night at Golden Gate
H«dl. ...
The State Association officers were re
elected, the president being James E
Britt, secretary J. L. E. Firmin and
treasurer W. F. Wilson.
F.- A. Sutton of Butte, Mont., was
chosen as president of the new league, A
M. Goddard of Seattle as secretary ' and
W. F. Wilson of San Francisco as treas
urer. • - ' ;
The Association of Master Plumbers of
California, in annual convention, yester
day joined with the associations of Wash
ington, uregon, Nevada anu Montana" in
a new Pacific Coast Interstate League
A delegate was present from each of th"»»
States named.
1IASTER PLUMBERS FORM
AN INTERSTATE LEAGUE
f*& OPENHAGEN, \ April 23. .— The
f( Landsthing,., by 34 to 30 votes, .tp-
IV^^ day adopted the .majority report
on the treaty providing for. the
sale of the Danish West Indies to
! the United States. .The treaty^ now goes
j back to the Folkething. <jf. J: -
I The session of the Landsthing was one
J of the most sensational on record. The
! lie was passed twice and charge and
: counter-charge were hurled back <and
I forth, while the opponents of the sale of
the islands went so far as to Impugn the
accuracy of the United States department
i official records. The President of the
1 House twice called a former Minister v 0f
Justice to order and he also left the chair
and spoke impassionately against the rat
ification of the treaty.
M. Jensen, one of the opposition leaders,
quoted a private conversation which he
had with the Foreign Minister, Dr.
Deuntxer, declaring mat the latter exr
pressed himself as- being personally op
posed to the sale.' This the Minister heat
edly denied. It was at this stage of the
proceedings that the lie was passed. •
\ Former Premier . Eatrup, during the
course of the debate, dented the Foreign
Minister's assertion that M. Kstrup, wno
is the leader of the opposition, oftered to
sell the islands to the United States in
1892, when he. (.Estrup) was Premier.
The Foreign Minister then quoted tha
j Foreign Relations Committee of the
United States Senate on the subject and
; M. Estrup excidedly reiterated his denial
declaring that the State Department's
publication was wrong and that tho
! American Minister who was in Copen
hagen at that time must have convey "d
a false Impression to Washington. M
L-strup admitted there had been some
ST. PAUL, April 23.— The Northern Pa
cific faces an Issue with the International
Machinists' Union on the question of its
right to employ unskilled and non-union
helpers' for unskilled; work frr its shops:
Unless the road yields the point members
of a machinists' committee now in con
ference with Lovell, superintendent of
motive power, assert that they will at
ttmpt to extend the strike in the Braln
,ard shops to every machinist on the road.
The conferences have not yet been con
cluded, but the men seem to feel little
hope of a settlement.! Ninety" men and
boys are involved in ; the- strike at the
Brainard shops. In attempting- to force
the employment of union men in the
places of- th» non-union "handv men". the
rr.ach nists Nortre n Pacific officials hold,
aro virtually trying to force the road to
hire skilled men for unskilled laborers.
Railroad Machinists Protest.
GUATEMALA, April 22. — Consular Agent
Quesaltenango reports earthquake 18th. Frlght-v
ful catastrophe. Entire, city in ruins. Consu
late destroyed. Two hundred known killed:
thourhf many- more. Mrs. Clara- KUdare' only
American killed.- '-Greats damage throughout
republic. Guatemala City, .badly -shaken,: .No
lives lest. Shocks continue. •-.¦•- - <¦ < ¦
McNALLY. In Charse.
GUATEMALA CITY. Acril 22.— This Gov
ernment requests me to cable that on the night
ot the ISth inst. an earthquake occurred, caus
ing great destruction of life and property.
Many cities and towns were almost entirely,
destroyed. I-oss yet unknown. .Relief funds
started. Soldiers ordered out to guard ruins.
Particulars next mall.
. ~ BAILEY, Consular Agent.
. WASHINGTON, April 23.— Two cable
grams received at the State Department
to-day tell' of the great damage wrought
by the recent earthquake in Guatemala,
which has been briefly dealt with in the
press dispatches. They are as follows:
Ruin Wrought by Earthquake.
T. i-D. McKayi general pas3.enger agent
for. several American railroads in the
Orient, is at the Occidental. He will
shortly leave for an extended' tour- of the
East:- -,: • -¦¦•¦'. '¦ • : ¦¦¦- ¦'¦: .
Samuel G. Hatch, general passsnger
tranic manager of the Illinois Central at
Chiiago;" Js at the Palace, accompanied
by his wife.. v ... . .
¦'" "MaJcr'S." K.' Hooper, general passenger
agent of tin* Denver and Uio Grande, is
at the Occidental. He is accompanied by
his wife and family. : .* . • .
George T. Nicholson, passenger traffic
manager of the Santa b'e, with head
quarters in Chicago. Is at the Paiace. ]
-¦ V." S. ' McClatchy',-jeditor- of the Sacra
. mento Bee, is at. the California.
W. O. Smith, formerly Attorney Gen
eral of Hawaii, is at the Occidental.
. L. R. Poundstone has returned from an
extended tour of Mexico and is at the
(irand.
> E. Dinkelspicl, editor of the Solano Re
- publican, puoiished at, Suisun' was in the
city yesteiday. •. •• V
Jjj U._ Kunst. u large shipowner of Samoa
••• and Belgium, arrived here yesterday and
¦*'-«£# t, the^Paiace\ !; ; -£&¦
C.'"iS.; Fee,** general itfassenger agent of
¦ the Northern 'Pacinc, with headquarters
at St. Paul. Is at the?PaIace.
PERSONAL.
Alden Anderson -of Suisun is at the
Grand.
Fred Swanton. a capitalist of Santa
Cruz, is at the Grand. ¦¦'¦:;
F. M. Hatch, a well-known resident of
Honolulu, is at the Occidental.
Let us all hope, let us' all pray, that' peace
will soon come. In South Africa, and in. the
Philippines. May God srant that under these
flag* (pointing to the American and ¦ English
flags entwined) may dawn a lasting peace,- Is
the wish tha t_ every martial heart feels.- ¦*. ¦¦i' i :
. I don't want you to understand that I am a
bloody-minded man and deslro war. -As a great
captain paid: "War is hell." We hear of
these things In the Philippines under strange
names, sur-h as the "water cure,", and they
call it brutal. What is war If not brutal.'
When we hear of these sensational stories we
tiorgetthe fact that the people from whom It
Is necersery to get information as to where
arms are hidden have probably come to us In
the light of amigos, when but a few hours-bt
for«r tney have been shooting at us in all prob
ability.
General Brooke said that war had pre
ceded all progress and advance in civili
zation and the consequent- enlightenment
of the people. He .continued:' •
Our English friends know what the war tn
South Africa means. It is time that the
American people knew what the war In the
Philippines means. I do not wish,to draw com
parisons between the two people we are fight
ing. The effect of the victory will be the
tame — the progress of civilization and the en
lightenment of the nations and the glory of
the flag. In South Africa Kitchener has been
left to sweep .up those dreadful people who
are spread out over the country In small" de
tachments over largo territory. In the Phil
ippines General Chaffee has something of the
tamo difficult task.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The St. George's
Society of New York held its one hundred
and sixteenth dinner to-night at Delmon
ico's. Distinctly English features ' were
introduced in the parading of the " royal
barons of beef around ¦ tile room to the
tune of "The" Roast Beef of Old Eng
land," the eating of the plum pudding
with appropriate honors, the singing of t
"Soldiers of the Queen" and toasting ot'
the Kins.
Sir Percy Sanderson, the British Con
sul General and also the president of the
society, was toastmaster. His. supporters
on the right and left respectively were
the Duke of Newcastle and Major General
Brooke. '
Major General Brooke responded to the
toast of "The Army and Navy." He said
in part:
DEFENDS BRUTALITY
IN MODERN "WARFAKS
The report of the Davis monument com
mittee showed slow progress.- There Is
$35,000 on hand and $40,000 more is needed.
Wcrk toward securing funds for the pro
posed Southern women's monument was
also reported to be ¦ progressing slowly.
The report of the committee on Battla
"Abbey showed that of the $200,000 neces
sary for the construction, there is now on
hand $176,022. One of the touching inci
dents of the day was the presentation of
Judge John H. Reagan, the last surviv
ing member of the Davi3 cabinet, to the
veterans. • ,
The report of the historical commutes
was adopted. It 'recommended the com
pilation of material that will help the
historian and the student to understand
the Civil War, It3 causes and its results,
and the preparation of brief biographies
and school histories that will, do justice
to Southern leadership. Southern charac
ter. Southern environment and Southern
development. A resolution to change tha
Confederate memorial day from May 25
to June 3, the birthday of Jefferson Davis,
but to allow any State desiring a differ
ent date to take individual action, was
passed. -
Private John Allen made the oration
of the day. General Wheeler, who was
called for, wa3 -unable to leave Brooklyn
because of sickness. Memorial services
for the Confederate dead were then held.
General Stephen D. Lee appealed for* the
decoration of Confederade soldiers'
graves by the Government.
At the afternoon session a resolution
was adopted withdrawing the support cf
all Confederate veterans from Grant Uni
versity, Chattanooga. Tenn., on acount
of an alleged disparaging article concern
ing Southern women which It was stated
had been written by*a professor of that
university.
DALLAS, April 23.— The United Con
federate Veterans to-night unanimously
re-elected General John B. Gordon com
mander-in-chief; General Stephen B. Lee,
commander of the Army of the Tennessee
Department; General W.*l«. Cabett, com
mander of the Trans-Mlssisslppl Depart
ment, and elected C. I. Walker command
er of the Department of Northern Vir
ginia, to succeed the late General Wada
Hampton. , ', .. . 1
New -Orleans was selected as the place
for the next reunion. General Gordon
was given no chance to retire. A volte
from the back of the hall cried: "Tha
only way you can get away from the of
fice, general, is by dying."
The largest crowd of the reunion was
present to-day. The Bureau of Informa
tion gave out a statement that lodgings
for 140,000 people had been found. . The
estimated number of veterans present
was 12,000. General Gordon called the con
vention to order at 10:45, and memorial
services for the late General ! Wade
Hampton were held. Generals Lee and,
Gordo'n delivered eulogies. t
Last October Mrs. '"• Hetherington sued
for divorce on the ground of desertion,
and a decree was granted i in February,
no contest being made. By the Delaware
court decision Mrs. Hetherington , was
given possession of her baby boy, but the
custody of the daughter, who .was* a baby
when the tragedy occurred, was awarded
to Hetherington.
Lieutenant Hetherington was the son of
former Mayor Hetherington of Dubuque.
Iowa, and was appointed a cadet from the
Third Iowa (Speaker Henderson's) dis
trict. - 5
Mrs. McConnaughey was Bessie Hawes,
a graduate of Vassar College", when she
married Hetherington In Trinity Church,
Washington, in 1SS9. It was a navy wed
ding, and many notables attended the
ceremony. . - -
Three years later Mrs. ¦ Hetherington
went to Japan to meet her husband, who
had been ordered there. iShe was in Yo-,
kohama a- month before her husband's
ship, the Marion, arrived, and during this
time she became acquainted with George
Gower Robinson.' a wealthy English
banker, whose good looks, fast horses and
dashing manners made him conspicuous
in the foreign colony. • When Hethering
ton learned of the attentions Robinson
had paid his wife he shot Robinson as
they met .on the street. He was acquitted
in the Consular Court, but the case caused
such feeling that a number of English
men decided to lynch" the American offi
cer, but the plsfh was foiled.
Letters and a confession had been read
at the trial and Hetherington was expect
ed to .diVorce his wife, but he forgave her
and they lived together for six years
thereafter. Then Mrs. Hetherington
came to .the Linited States to her people
in Delaware, while her husband remained
on duty at Mare Island Navy Yard, near
San Francisco. , " . " • ¦
NEW YORK, April 23.— It developed to
day that Bessie Hawes Hetherington, the
divorced wife of Lieutenant Commander
Hetherington. U.* S. N., was married here
last Friday to John W. McConnaughey of
Seattle^ Treasurer of King County.. -
Special Dispatch to The Call. " x
No one in Niles or thereabouts could
identify him. That he * was an utter
stranger in that locality is certain. The
coroner has begun an investigation. In the
hope of discovering an explanation of the
peculiar case. ,
The' book is that of a Reno, Nev., bank.
The coroner took charge of the body and
also of the valuable possessions of , the
young suicide, ficasso, for such is tha
name on the bank book, appears to have
been about 28 or 30 years of age.
The body was found this morning. Near
It lay an empty Vial that had contained
the deadly fluid. Neither letters, papers
nor other means of identification, other
than the bank book, was -found on the
remains.
With $160 in gold . and a bank , book
showing a credit of $2500 in his posses
sion, a young man, who is- supposed to
be Max Scasso, a Swiss, committed sui
cide last night by drinking carbolic acid
in a barn near Niles. *
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 23.
Supervisors anfl employes, $42,600; Bdvertis-
Ij.g lor city end county ofnees. $20,000: Sheriff.
.nc'uding maintenance of Jails, $41,000; urgent
i .«.-«.cElty. fSBjOOOi water for municipal pur
rees, $110,000: Board of Public Works, gen
<rtl office. f25,2uO: Bureau of Buildings. $66,
7i<;; Bureau of Architecture, $1O.."h0: Bureau
of Streets, $17,400; cleaning and repairing
•¦•ewers, *C9.41C; repairs to basalt and cobble
t-treet*. I-HJ.SSO; street sprinkling and sweep
ing. $177,080: general municipal repairs, $20,-
OM; Police Department. Including COO patrol
men. $513. 172: Fire Department. S624.310; ap
paratus material and supplies. TF"ire Depart
.itr.t. $105,100: con-oration yard. J41.R2O;
llealth Detriment. 554/foO; Department of
Electricity, $30,000; telephone service. $10,000;
Fchool Department. $1,200,000, including per
manent improvement* and children's play
ground at North Beach.
The recommendations to this office- from the
various organizations and Improvement clubs
'or permanent improvements have been many.
Vnder the tax levy I have allowed $ 105.000.
or 10 cents to the $1 limit for these improve
ments, and would accordingly recommend that
our fewcre, accepted streets and county roads
be well provided-fcr.
IJie Fire Depanment and Police Department
are in need of many improvements, eueh as
new houses and apparatus, and should be lib
erally, recognized under the apportionment. The
School Department should be allowed at least
VS0.O00 for new school houw. which, added to
a promised surplus in this year'* fund of
¦ *l*>.0'Xir together 7 »Uti the 439,320 for repairing
- ecbooLhouse<, «c, allowed in th« - budget.
¦would go a long way toward the erection of
new schools. Respectfully submitted.
HARRY BAEHR, Auditor. .
-*m*.ng the Important items . provided
f .-v sfre:
Tour attention Is called to section 1143 of the
Political Code and Statutes of 1901 relative to
the payment of jurors In criminal cases. I "con
sider the section above referred to contemplates
the payment of Jurors for actual service only,
end does not Intend that a person shall .be
paid for merely answering his name to. roll
call. This practice is assuming alarming pro
portions and should be tested. - '. ;
Money for Permanent Improvements.
I have allowed the Police Department, ap
proximately, 100 additional patrolmen, thereby
giving the now overworked men eight-hour
shifts. By this addition to the force the city
can be better patrolled and the lives and prop
erty of citizens afforded more protection. I
have carefully reviewed all the needs of the
department and do not considr that the extra
sergeants and corporals and the $10,000 for a
patrol boat asked for are available or necessary
at this time. The Fire Department has been
similarly treated. I have allowed them •suffi
cient appropriation to fill up all the existing
companies with a full complement of men;
The janitors of the City Mall and Hall of
Justice ehould be paid a stipulated salary of
*75 per month, and I have so made provision*.
I would recommend to your honorable hoard
that the police relief and pension fund be bet
ter provided for, in order that the overdraft at
the end of each fiscal year be avoided as much
&s possible.
To the Honorable Board of -Supervisors, City
and County of Saa Francisco — Gentlemen:
Conforming with the charter, I herewith sub
mit my estimate of the probable expenditures
of the municipal government - for the fiscal
year 1902-1903. My estimates are based oh an
assessed valuation of ?*05,000.000 — which I
have every reason to. believe is conservative.
Certain departments are assuming authority tn
their disbursements which should be regulated
by your board. Ae & matter of better economy
each department should have its salaries and
expenses separately incorporated In this budget,
with some detail, and they should not be *\
lnwed in lump, to be used at the pleasure of
the commission or board.
Auditor Baehr submitted his estimate of
tlip. probable expenditures of the munici
1>.. '-.government lot the ensuing fiscal year
v-i'-h the Board ot Supervisors yesterday.
'> :.u estimate is based on the requests
; ed with niru by the heads of the various
.jtrartments. As they had asktd for an
amount aggregating more than $9,OO0,0SO
u conduct their ofnees, Baehr was com
pelled to cut down the estimates in order
to bring the total to $5,257,000, and to al
low in addition 5405,000 for permanent im
rrovements, and keep within the dollar
limit of taxation. Baehr also recommends
tuat $300,000 be allowed for the parks ana
Jio.000 for interest and. sinking fund for
the park bonds of 1S74, making a grand
total of $5,9S7.OUO. of which $4,358,500 ts pit>
poi*;d to be raised by a tax of ?LO76i on
every $100 on an assessed valuation of
$405,000,000. The balance of $1,628,500 will
come from other sources. Accompanying
the estimate Auditor Baehr sent the fol
lowing communication to the Board of
Supervisors:
Auditor Explains His Estimate.
The messenger reported that the Pa
tani Malays were frantic, and the situa
tion was serious in both Patani and Kt
lantan, the Rajah, of the latter state be
ing a relative of the kidnaped Rajah. The
natives may revolt and endeavor t« over
throw the suzerainty of. Siam.
Native Governor Proves- Too
J Pliable in Hands of
• s London Agent. .
i ' '' Special Dispatch to The Call.
'VICTORIA," B. C, April' 23.— News was
received :by -the steamship Yangtse to
day of an intrigue of the British for the
seizure of the Malay state of Patanf,
Which,' has resulted in the kidnaping of
the Rajah of that State. by the Siamese.
The kidnaping followed his refusal to
Bign a treaty. which gave Slam control of
the State." -' - -. •¦ ¦ ¦' ;•¦ . :
r j The £ British agent in the Malay state
is H. Annadale, who is ostensibly exploit
ing la,. Patani. He had won the^good
graces; of the Rajah, and it seemed as
tlHough his plot would De successful, and
another patch of red added to the Brit
ish map, when Phya Sri Sahadi, Vice
Minister of the Interior, for Siam, took
I a. hand. By dint of the. coup which cul
minated in the kidnaping of the Rajah,
lie" outplaye^ - John Bull's agent; and
I Patani ; is. still under the i suzerainty of
I Siam. / The Siamese have spies watching
; every -move of Annadale, and two ut
1 tempts-were made to poison him.
i "jTheiRajah was lured to a house in Pa
i tani by the Siamese Minister, and there
! was asked to sign a treaty whereby he
! was "practically to. abjure the right of
1 g'overning'of his own state. It was late at
'night, and there were few of the Rajah's
1 bodyguard' present. These were driven
back by. Siamese soldiers, while others
laid hands on the Rajah and carried him
off to a Siamese gunboat, which was-wait
ing in readiness at a landing near by.
Three attendants were carried-" off with
him, but he was. not allowed to send for
his wife or his cash. The telegraph op
erators, who were in the employ of Slam,
were warned beforehand not to telegraph
news of the kidnaping, and, although the
incident took place on February 20, it was
not until a month later that the news
was received- in Singapore, whither ..it
was carried by messengers.
Tremendous Gathering of the
Southern Soldiers in
Seattle Official, Wins "a Naval
Officer's Former
Wife. ;
In His Pockets Is Found
Much Gold and a
Bankbook.
Recommends Levy of SI 0762
to Provide tor Many Im
provements.
Famous Veteran -Again
Made Commander- '
in- Chief. '
Young Stranger With
Ample Means Drinka.
Carbolic Acid.
Auditor Baehr Submits
Figures on Next Tax
Budget.
erington Is Again
Married.
Mrs. Bessie Hawes Reth-
Foil a British Plot to
Annex a Malay an '(
State.
CONFEDERATES
HONOR GORDON
WEDDING RECALLS
ORIENT TRAGEDY
SIAMESE KIDNAP
RAJAH OF PATANI
POSSESSES COIN,
BUT ENDS LIFE
PILES ESTIMATES
OF CITY'S NEEDS
Landsthing Approves of the Sale - of the
\ West Indies by a' Close Vote After Its
* Most Sensational Session } on Record
DANISH STATESMEN PASS
THE LIE DURING DBBATE
THE SAN y FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1902.
9
ADVERTISEMENTS J V.
THE SURGEON'S KNi^E
Sirs. Eckis Stevenson of Salt
lake City Tells How Opera-
tions For Ovarian Troubles
Hay Be Avoided.
." " Dear Mrs. Ptstjham : —I suffered
with, inflammation of the ovaries -and
womb for over sis years, enduring' aches
and pains tvhich none can dream oi but
those who . have had the expe-
- V}1IR3. ECKIS STEVETSO2T.
rience. Hundreds of dollars went to the
doctpr and the drag^ist. I was simply
¦ a walking -medicine chest and a phys-
ical 'wreck. My sister residing in Ohio
wrote me that she had been cured of
womb trouble by ttsin^ Lyclia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
pound* and advised me to try it. I
then diseontinned all other medicines
and gave yonr Vegetable Corapoxind a
thorough trial. Within.' four weeks
nearly all pc:n had left me; I rarely
had headaches, end ray nerves were in
a much better condition, and I was
-cured in three ncuths, and this avoided
a - terrible surgical operation. " — Mrs.
Eckis" Stevessox. 250 So, State St.,
Salt Lake City, Utahl— 95000 forfeit if
above testimonial is'not genuine. .
• Remember every woman is
cordially invited to write to Mrs.
Pinldiam if there is anything 1
about her symptoms she does not
understand. 3Irs. Pinkhain's
address is Lynn, Mass.
GBAJPS-JTUTS.
A BURNING BLACKSMITH
Changed Food and Put Out the Fire.
Even eturdy blacksmiths sometimes
discover that, notwithstanding their dally
exorcise And resulting good health, if
their food is not well selected trouble
will follow, but in same cases a change
of food to the right sort will quickly re-
lieve the sufferer, for generally such ac-
tive men have fine constitutions and can.
v.-ith a little change of djet, easily rid
themselves of the disease.
I. E. Overdorf. Vilas. Pa., a blacksmith,
cayc: "Two months ago I got down so
bad with stomach troubles that I had to
quit my business. About 10 o'clock each
morning I was attacked by burning pains
In the stomach, so bad that I was unable
to work.
"Our groceryman Insisted upon my
changing breakfasts and using Grape-
JCuts Breakfast Food instead of the or-
dinary breakfast of meat, potatoes, etc
So I tried and at once began to mend.
The new food agreed with my stomach
perfectly and the pains all ceased. I kept
getting better and better every day and
now I am able to follow my business bet-
ter than before !n years. I am a thou- |
Fand times obliged to the makers '. of
" <irap€-Nuts for the treat benefits ' the I
food has given.*' .j IMovements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 23— Stmr Ocean
ic, from Liverpool; stmr Laurentian, from
Glasgow. . ' '•¦ _ ..
Sailed April 23— Stmr St Paul, for South
ampton; stmr Neckar," for Naples: stmr Ken
sington, for Antwerp; stmr -Teutonic, for Liv
erpool. ¦ - • . __ /'
HONGKONG — Arrived prior to April 23—
Stmr Thyra. from Portland. Or. .
GREENOCK— Arrived April 23— Stmr Llvon
ian. from Philadelphia. ' -: -. _ _
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived April 23— Stmr
Philadelphia, from New York. '
: BOULOGNE— Arrived April 23— Stmr Ama
terdam. from New York, for Rotterdam.
NAPLES— Arrived April 23— Stmr Trave,
from New York, for Genoa.
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 23— Stmr Sylva
nia, for Boston. ¦
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 23— Stmr Ul
tonla. from Llverr>ool, for Boston.
HALIFAX— Arrived Aoril 23— Stmr Siber
ian, from Glasgow and Liverpool, via St Johns,
N F. for Philadelphia.
.'-.'• i - ('._;"¦' . t ¦¦'•;¦ / \i._--.' ¦"'-:'¦_¦*.-¦ ¦ ." '..-".•' '¦¦¦ •
Stmr . Sonoma,' for' San" Fr'ancisco: schr Olga,
for. San Francisco; stmr Sierra, for Australia.
To^saiPApril 17 — Ship A j: Fuller, for San
Francisco: a ¦•¦ '¦¦ • ¦ -. v -. . - - - ¦
.;'¦/' . EASTERN- PORTS. ;
i BALTIMORE— Arrived - April 22— Br stmr
Cacique,^ from, west- coast South -America. ¦
• NEW, YORK— Sailed April 22— Bark Will
scott,-for. Honakojiff.-i-.- ,.-• ¦
i .' . FOREIGN PORTS. -. '
I COLON— Sailed 'April 22— Stmr Orizaba, for
New York. .•...? .¦.-.-¦-¦. ¦ . • ¦¦ - ¦¦
- QUEEN STOWN— Sailed - April 22— Br ship
Mlltlades, hence Dec-23:
.Arrived \ April r 22— Ger ship ¦ ' Siam, hence
i YOKOHAMA -Arrived -prior to April 22—
Ship i Sam | Skolfield-Ii; ., from Manila 1 , for Puget
Sound, short of ¦ provisions and water. ¦•: ¦
' Sailed -April j 22— Stmr Peru, for Fran
• SYDNEY— Arrived ' -April 22— Ship . J B
Thomas, lrom Tacoma. ' '¦¦¦¦ ' „,
- KINS ALE— Passed April 23— Br ' ship Cleo
mene, from Oregon," for Queenstown. - ¦
FALMOUTH— Arrived . April 23— Ger bark
G Hj Wappus, from Oregon.. , "^ . ,
iI^ONDON— Arrived April 23— Danish bark
Prlnslsse Maria, from, Oregon. l~--
POKT NATAL-^Arrlved April 16— Bktn
James Tuft, from Port Ludlow, and ordered to
Delagoa-Bay, and arrived there'. 'April r 22. i
COMOX- Arrived April 22— Br stmr Victoria,
hence April 18. .," • '-¦;¦-¦ V '
•PANAMA— Sailed April 19— Stmr Leelanaw,
for San Francisco. - , ¦ ' ; ' ..
i SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed April 19— Br ship
Thlstlebank, for San Francisco. " • - _ '
PORT . PIRIE— Sailed April -17— Ship Fort
Georre, . for Honolulu. ¦ •= • ' . ".' .'¦ ,
•NEWCASTLE. NSW— Sailed March 1— Ital
bark Mario. - . for . San I Francisco. • March T--
Bktn Kohala, for - Eleele. March i 10— Schr
Ariel, for Mahukona. March 13— Schr KaU" 0 ,
for Maka well. March 15— Ship Henry Falling,
for San Francisco. March 25— Br bark Battle
Abby, for San Francisco. March 20— Bark
Rufus E Wood, for San Francisco. March 2U—
Ship Serv'la. for Honolulu. March' id— Schr
Louts, for San Francisco. ¦'
Loading March 30— Ship Elwell. for Aca
pulco: Nor bark Barossa and bktn Georgina.
for Honolulu: ship Henry Vlllard. for Kahulul;
Ger bark Freya. for Mexico: Br ship Dlrns
dale. for Oregon; Br ship Colony, Br ship Earl
of Dunmore, Br ship Fannie Kerr, ship Hecla,
Br ship Hougomont, ship J B Brown, Br shp
Port Caledonia, .ship John A Brlggs and ahjp
Servia, for San- Francisco. - ¦ . '
In port April 1— Br bark Melanope, for -— .
SYDNEY— In port April 1— Dutch ship Eu
ropa, for San Francisco, via Newcastle. <
BRISBANE— In port April 1— Russian bark
Ocean, for Pujret Sound.
TO SAIL.
THIS VESSEL, MADE ALMOST
STEAMSHIP TIME DURING
VOYAGE FROM YOKOHAMA.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. ¦ N.,' Mer
chants' -Exchange,- San Francisco, Cal.,
April 23. 1902. ' . ., . . ¦;-¦ ' ,
The .Time Ball-. on the tower. of '.the Ferry
building, was dropped exactly at' noon to-day.
!•; e.,' at .noon of the 120th ¦ meridian, or at S
p. m., Greenwich mean time. •--_•-
¦ -.¦'¦ -; ¦:-¦ W. H.> STANDLEY.
-. -; ¦¦'¦ Lieutenant. -U. S.-N., .In chargs.
United ,. States • Coast' "and Geodetic . Survey-
Times and Heights of ¦ Highland Low
Waters at ' Fort Point, \i entrance to San
¦ Francisco Bay.. -Published by 'official au
. _thority of the Superintendent. .
: NOTE — The . high .• and low ¦ waters ' occur at
the I city . front , (Mission-street ¦ wharO about
twenty-live minutes later than. at Fort Point;
the. height of tide is the same at both places.
¦ THURSDAY, APRIL 24.' ;
Sun' rises . . . \ : . '.-. ... .... .'; ,-. ; .'.' . , : . . . ;. . . . .'.5:22
&un\*ets''.". .•.'.'.-.. .t; ; . . .-,*..'.".;*.: ..; /........ V«:53
Moon j rises .:...;.. ... ...:..;. ¦;;•. .-. .8:47 p. m.
NOTE — In . the above exposition of the tides
the early ! morning < tides are • given ¦ in the left
hand column and* the successive -tides of tha
day in the order of occurrence as to time;., the
fourth time column gives the ' last < tide of th»
day, except .when there are but three tides, aj
sometimes occurs. > ; The heights given are in
addition- to the soundings of tha United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is : subtracted : from : the depth ; given by
the charts. -'.The plane of reference U tat mean
of the lower low waters.
To Japan — 1872 bbls flour, 5 pkgs agricultural
Implements, 238 pkgs bicycles and sundries, 157
cs canned goods, 128,686 lbs cotton, 18 pkgs
To China— 3635 bbls flour. 190 pkgs bicycles
and sundries, 1500 lbs butter, C cs bread, 200
csks bottled beer, ; 17,827 lbs - coffee, 1541 , lbs
cheese, 466 cs' canned goods, 26,646 lbs cotton,
84 pkgs dried fruit, 2061 bales cotton domestics,
66 pkgs drugs and druggist's eundries, 2.3'bxs
fr*sh fruits, 1974 pkgs groceries and provisions
E69 pigs lead. 120 cs liquors. 8 pkgs leather, 3
cs machinery. 20,325 lbs oat« 5000 lbs pearl
barley,- 7 cs rubber- goods. : 10.C00' lbs' Bait fish
6519 lbs smoked meat. 150 cs canned salmon'
210 lbs sugar, 3500 lbs shrimps,' 502 cs soap 10
ck sporting goods, 1287 gals wine.
The steamer China sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general, cargo destined for
various Oriental ports, valued at $222,664, man
ifested as follower For China, $122,866; Japan,
$63,680; Manila, $16,010; East- Indies, $4083;
Korea. $3927; Vladivostok, $10,010; Siam,
$1,488. The following were the principal ex
ports: . ....
The China's Cargo.
The British -bark Inverclyde was cleared on
Tuesday for Grimsby, England, with • the fol
lowing cargo: 46,162 ctls barley, valued at
$46,162; 15,550 ctls wheat, valued at^ $17,880,
and 16.000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at
$240. The vessel also carried 100 gals wine for
Liverpool, valued at $65 and 100 gals for Hull,
valued at $3G.
The Birtlsh ship Castle Rock was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown for orders with 55,493
ctls barley, valued at $54,S05, ¦ and 13,542 ctls
wheat, valued at $15,235.. The vessel carried
23.000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $345.
Grain for the United Kingdom.
The British ship Castle Rock was cleared
wheat from this port to' Europe at 23s 9d; the
British bark Brunei, same business, Portland
loading. The ship Emily F. Whitney will load
general cargo here ¦ for Honolulu and Maka
well. . o-
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Three vessels were added to the list of over
dues yesterday. The . AHavela, out 79 ' daye
from Hastings Mills, for Ostend, is quoted at
25 per cent. The Corunna, from Newcastle,
Australia, for this port, out 79 days, and In
\ ermay, - out 77 days from Hongkong for Royal
Roads, are marked at 10 per cent, t The rats
on the Mahukona was cut down from 40 per
cent to 20 per cent, and Red Rock reduced U>
20 per cent. ¦ The rate on the German ship H.
F. Glade. was raised from 50 per cent to CO per
cent. ¦ . - -
Reinsurance Sates.
The American ship Shenandoah was towed
yesterday morning to Oakland long wharf,
where Ehe w!M dlscharse her ballast and pre
pare for taking on board a general cargo for
New York.
Will Load for New York.
The American ship Sam Skolfleld II.' out 131
days from Manila, for Puget Sound, on which
40 Der cent reinsurance has been paid, arrived
en Tuesday at Yokohama short of provisions
and water.
Overdue Ship Is Safe.
THE steamship Soncma reached
port yesterday afternoon from
the Antipodes and Australia, with
ote of. the largest lists of passen
gers ever brougrht to this port.
The liner was delayed on the passage by
a hurricane, which was encountered be
tween Auckland and Pago Pago, and by
foggy weather, which delayed her arrival
at the latter port. She^brousht nearly 300
passengers, of whom more than 100 are
headed for England to attend the corona
tion. The Hon. F. Dillingham, United
States Consul at Auckland, was one of the
passengers. He is accompanied by his
wife and family.
The Sonoma left Sydney April 1 and ar
rived at Auckland April 5, where, on ac
count of Quarantine regulations, she was
detained ten hours longer than usual. A
heavy gale was encountered April 6, which
by midnight increased to a hurricane, ac
companied by a terrific sea. The ship
was hove to until 1 p. m. of April 7, when
the voyage was resumed. Pago Pago was
reached at 10 p. m. April 9. but owing to
thick weather a landing cculd not be made
until daylight. From there to port the
voyage was through summer season and
although late the liner picked up a num
ber of hours she had lost.
Arxror»e the passengers were:
From Sydney— Mis. Seeger. Miss E. Coffee,
Miss G. Klntsland, J. Davies. C. M. Reid,
Charles Madkeli, J. VT. Chenhall. J. S. WI1
oox. Mr. and Mrs. S. Nettle-ton, Mrs. M.
Wright, Miss Wright, Mr. and Mrs. J. \V. Mc
riobert. Mis* Morrtsh. Miss McBean, J. Barr
Adams, A. Williams, Mr. and Mrs. George
Oark, Mr. and Mrs. W. Iienneit. Masters
Bennett ll'J. Mrs. Gardner. D. Stewart. Mr.
and Mrs. J. \V. Hope. Miss Hope. H. Hedger,
J. Hinsstone, Miss M. Coffee. Mr. and Mrs.
R. X. Abber. K. A. Peters, J. Thomas, H. J.
Jonct, Dr. Power. Mr. and Mrs. H. Gates.
Masters Gates (2). R. W. Finlayson, A. Mc-
Kenzie. Miss E. Wright. P. Wright. Miss Mc-
Leish. M:s. F. Morrish. Miss E. McBean. Mr.
and Mrs. W. McGresror, Misses Bennett (2),
T. B. Black. K. E. Acutt, Griffith Griffiths.
MiE3 Griffiths. P. liamage. S. C. Lindley.
From Auckland — Hon. F. Dilllnghajn. Mrs.
Dillingham. Miss Dillingham, Master DillinK
ham, Mis-s Nashelski. H. H. Lyon. J. . C.
Jiar.na. Mr. and Mrs. C Abrahamaon. Master
Abrahamson, L. H. Davies, Mr. and Mrs. G.
McCaul. Mr. and Mrs. W. Robison, Mr. and
Mrs. J. Turn bull, Mrs. McDonnell. J. W.
Blarkett. A- Walker. R. Seoular. W. Boyd,
M. C. Lackies. Walter Hill. Mr. and Mrs. H.
Maseey. J. Wagrstaff Blundell. J. Gardner.
Mr. end Mrs. P. Gow. George Dunneflt, J.
Kernich, Mrs. Kinir, Miss Coorier, D. Ser»'
brinnkow. Captain G. Tayon and valet, R. B.
Turner. I>r. Grattan Guinness, Dr. R, Mc-
Donald. W. H. Robinson.
From Pasro Pago — Mre. Schmidt and two
tons, Mrs. Hudson.
From Honolulu — Mr. and Mrs. Charles Gib
son, Master Gibson, Mr. and Mrs. S. Fenn,
A. It. Garrett, Dr. T. M. McCaudles, J. S.
McCaudle?. G. Kunst, Miss Disetan. W. O.
Prnith. Miss L. M. D'Oyly, Mr. and Mr». G.
K. West and child. W. P. Noble, the MJeses
Noble. G. Midhurst, A. Meyer. G. A. Folger,
T. Richards, Miss Gertz. Mlsi> Desha. A. J.
<Tofl>e. Dr. "W. Grevel. C. R. Miller. W.
Volpht. Mr. and Mrs. W. K. VlcUery and «on.
K. A'. Bi&elow. A. Slater. C E. Guest, Miss
DOyly, Mi.vs C. Walker. F. M. Hatch. D. E.
Heger, A. Wl»!l. Mrs. R. J. I^awson, Miss
Barnr! 1 , Mrs. Fresr. F. A. Monroe. A. B. Wat
son, the MiEtes Schutter. Mr. and Mrs. O'Fal
lon. , - -'•:'¦
Steamship China Sails.
The Pacific Malt steamship China sailed yes
terday for Honolulu and the Orient with a
!an?e number of nassencers and a heavy cargo'.
Ph<» left the Mail dock" promptly at 1 o'clock
and proceeded directly to eca.
Among ¦ the ce.bin passengers was the Hon.
John Barrett, who is bound for the Orient and
Australia in the interest of the Louisiana ex
position. He goes as far as Honolulu on the
irhina, Mrs. \V. F. Herrin was a. passenger.
Honolulu 1« her destination. She is accom
panied by h*r «on and two. daughters.
There were a number of missionaries on "the
Hner. the - most notable b«>lng Mre. Lowrie.
whose work in the Chinese missionary field has
won her world-wide fame. goes to the
Pao Tine Ku district, which is a hotbed of
Boxers, and from where Mrs. Lowrie was
obliged to flee during the recent Boxer upris
ing. Mrs. Lowrie Is connected with the Pres
byterian Forelsn Missionary Society.
Only one Chinese was deported on the China.
The Chinese in the detention shed made no de
monstration, but the dock authorities had sev
eral batteries of hose ready for action in the
event of trouble. The passengers were:
; For Honolulu — John Barrett, A. Blom, E.
l L. Collins. W. R. Davis, H. S. Godfrey. Mrs.
H. t?. Godfrey, Miss E. A. Halstead. Theodore
HarCee. Mrs. \V. F. Herrln, son and maid;
Miss K. Herrin. Miss A. Herrin, E. P. O'Brien,
J. A. 1'ajmer. Mrs. J. A. Palmer. Mrs. H.
Peters, M. F. Prosser, Mrs. M. F. Prosser. F.
J. Setteiee, F. W. Taylor, Mrs. P. Van Clief,
Captain M. R. Walters, G. P. Wilder.
For Yokohama — Mrs. C. A. Hamilton, Mrs.
Livingston Hunt, son and maid; Miss A.
Luetchford. A. W.' Mosselman, K. Okura, S.
Ctsuka. E. Yoshltake.
Kor Nagasaki — Jerome Alexandre.
For Hongkong — P. W. Brundsit. Edgar
Cockeil. M. H. Coggeshall. J. M. Doherty, Miss
M. F. Durphy. H. Londoner, H. H. Robinson,
Rev. W. A. Sharp, Mrs. W. A. Sharp and two
children, T. A: Shaw,' Mrs. T. A. Shaw, Louis
Tartas, Mrs. Lowrie.
From Honolulu — Miss A. >Bates. Mies E.
Fox-Strangways, Arthur Lewis, James Pin
nock.
' ¦ Balled'- April -.12 — Br . stmr 'A'orangl,': for Ryd
nev.bktn Kllkitst.' for. Port Gamble. "April: 13
— U S stmr Sheridan,- for Manila. , April > 16—
. Wednesday. April 23.
Btmr Sonoma. Van Oterendorp, 23 days from
Sydney, via Honolulu 5 days 19 hours -
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 32 hours from
Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Acme. Lundqulst, 41 hours from San
Pedro.
_ Stmr Coquille River, Johnson. 18 hours from
2* ort h»rsi.gQ.
Stmr Phoenix. Odland, 15 hours from Men-
UOC1T1O. . . ' ¦
Stinr Asuncion, Evans, 3H days from Liiy
n.M? W D^'" lod Clty '' Hanse °. 9 hours from
nil 113 rOlnt.
Ncr stmr Tltania, • Egenes, ; 00 hours from
Nanalmo.'
Br stmr Arab. Wills, ¦ 33 days from Hong
kong, via Hakodate 19 days; In quarantine
Schr yacht Ramona, Nelaon, 28 hours from
Mcnterey.
CLEARED.
Wednesday. April 23.-
T>St m . r n S^ 1 ?, °i California. Thomas. San
Diego: Goodall, Perkins & Co. ,
Stmr North Fork, Nelson. Eureka; Charles
Itelson Co. . .
Stmr China, Friele, Hongkong, etc;- P . M
6S Co* i
' Stmr 3an Mateo. I'letcher. Nanalmo: P I Co.
S tmr Santa Cruz, Nlcolson, San Pedro; Good-
Fp^lnger 3 * 0^." 6 R ° Ck> J ° neS> 9™^)!^/'
N "Sfek f kl Co!' 611 * 5 '' Johnson ' Brlsto1 ' Ba V:
SAILED.
Wednesday, April 23.
Stmr Columbia, Doran, • Astoria.
Stinr China,. Friele. Hongkong, etc.
¦ Btmr South Coast. Jamieson. Albion. ¦
Etmr Alcatras. Carlscii, Greenwood,
i Stmr Wbltesboro. Olsen, Greenwood.'
Stmr Mackinaw, Stofrs.-Tacoma.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Br ship Drummuir, Armstrong, | Fremantle.
Kark Agate,. Bekgman.' Bristol Bay.
• Schr J B Leeds. OUen. Ktireka.
Schr S Danielson. Larsen, Sluslaw River
. SPOKEN.
"March 21. lat 34 S, Ion 52 W— Br ship
Crown of Denmark, from Hamburg, for Santa
Rosalia. April 21. lat 36 26 N, Ion 74 10"W
ship W F Babcock, from Baltimore, for San
Francisco. . v
April 2, lat 16 26 S. Ion 35 20 W— Br bark
Glenbank, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
V TELEGRAPHIC. '
POINT LOBOS, April. 23. 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind S, velocity 24 miles per hour •
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TACOM A— Arrived Anrll 23— Br stmr Brae
mar, from Hongkong; Br.Bhip Senator, from
Seattle. • ;-..-¦
Sailed April 23— Stmr Robert Dollar, for
Redondo; echr Marion, for San Francisco
NEAH BAY — Passed out April 23— Schr
Bangor. for Port Ludlow, for San Pedro: schr
Wm • Renton. from .Whatcom. for Port Har
ford. ¦ - ' ¦
PORT GAMBLE — Sailed April 23— Schr Wm
Olsen. 1 for San : Francisco. " ; '¦¦•]¦
EUREKA— Arrived April 23— Stmr Pomona,
hence April 22.
ASTORIA— Arrived April 23— Stmr Prentlss,
hence Arril 20.
Sailed April 23 — Stmr Geo W.Elder, for San
Francisco. • •
SAN PEDRO— Arrived : April '23— Stmr Coo«
Bay. hence April 20; stmr Fulton, from Fort
Sailed April. 23— Stmrs Coos Bay, Homer and
Ruth, for San • Francisco. ;
FORT TOWNSEND— Passed In Anril 23—
Br ¦ etmr Braemar. from Yokohama, for.Ta
coma; stmr Portland, hence .April 19, for Se
attle. . -" : ¦
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed April 22— Stmr
Sequoia, for San Francisco. ' *¦¦
PORT BLAKELEY — Arrived' April 23— Schr
G W- Watson, from San Pedro. '
WHATCOM— Sailed April 23— Schr Wm
Renton, for Port Harford. .--•-.<
Arrived April 23— Stmr . Rainier, \ hence
April IS. ,¦'¦'..¦ ¦ ;. . >i
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 23— Stmr Na
tional City, ¦ hence April 22..'--
COOS BAY— Arrived April 22— Stmr' Arcata.
herice A^ril .20. . . ¦ .. ¦¦
SEATTLE-^Arrlved April 22— Jan stmr iyo
Maru, from Hongkong. April 23 — Stmr Excel
sior, -from- Valdez;' Btmr, Portland, • hence
April' 10. -¦ • .-,-¦": . ••• - ./ ¦¦.•¦..-
PORT KEN YON— Sailed. Apr 11 23— Stmr Ar
go, for San Francisco. ¦ , ¦ \
V ISLAND PORTS.
KAHULUI— Sailed April 11— Schr' Compeer
for , Port Townsend. April 12— Bktn Wrestler
for San Francisco. ¦ . ¦ '
¦ HILO— Sailed AprilO— Ship Marion Chilcott,
for • San Francisco.^ .April ; 12 — Ship Helen'
I Brewer, for New. York. • - • . • •• . • ¦ -'-.- . ¦ .
i . . KAANAPALI— Sailed April 10— Bark Dia
mond' Head. , for San Francisco. '
i ELEKLE— Sailed April ¦- 15 — Stmr Tamploca
"for Kahnlnl and San. Francisco. • '¦•->'
HONOI>ULU— Arrived , April ' • 12— Br stmr
,.Aorans-!.: from Victoria: schr Fred B 1 Sander
from • Inulque. -. April ' l.V-Bark ¦¦ Ceylon, froni
iAysm Islands:. G»r bark. Paul Isenb<«rg," from
<Bremen. April s 15 — Brji rtrar Gaelic, hfenc«
April «. ¦ April ;16— Stmr- Sierra, hence"- April
10:^ nhlp. Arthur - Sewalt, - from -Hlogo; 'Bnlri
Acme,', from . Yokohama.- April *17 — U S ' stmr"
Grant, from Ma nils, for San Francisco.
Shipping: Intelligence.
ARRIVED
drugs and druggist's sundries, 22 pkgs electri
cal supplies. 637 pkgs groceries and provisions,
35 pkgs hardware, 60 rolls 1 cs leather. 14
pkgs machinery, 15 cs rubber goods, 3000 lbs
¦sugar, T2 cs soap, 410 gala -wine, CSO bdls wire
shorts.
To Manila— 200 cs canned salmon. 800 j cs
canned milk, S98 cs canned moat, 13 bxs type,
3 cs hats, 11 cs drugs, 3 pkgs. agricultural Im
plements, 37 pkgs groceries and provisions, 24
cs shoes, 3 cs dry goods, 86 rolls paper, 4 cs
rubber goods. 31 pkgs hardware, 8 pkgs sport
ing goods, 163 cs whisky.
To East Indies — 370 cs canned fruit, 506 cs
canned salmon, 1 cs 729 gals wine, 113 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 10 pkgs machinery, 6
pkers dried rrult. P7i~"
To Korea— 120,000 ft lumber, 4646 lbs lard, 06
pkgs groceries and provisions. 277 gals wine.
To Vladivostok— 437 pkgs agricultural Imple
ments. 2 pkgs machinery.
. To Slam— 52 pkgs drugs and druggist's" eun
ories. ¦ .
THE SAN \FBANCISCb GAiii, THIIKSDAY, AFKijL^4, lyui.;
STEAMSHIP SONOMA ARRIVES FROM AUSTRALIA
AND THE CHINA LEAVES FOR ORIENTAL PORTS
10
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Pier.
North Fork
G. Dollar..
6. Barbara.
Kureka.. ..
State Cal..
Santa Cruz.
Brunswick.
A rgo. ......
Phoenix...
Arctic.
Etssle K. . .
Acme......
C helm Us...
Lakroe
Pt. Arena. i
City Puebla
Santa Ana: ,
Arcata.....'
Pomona.'..".'
Santa Rosa
April 24.
Humboldt
Grays Harbor ....
Seattle direct ......
Humboldt
San Diego & Way..]
Newport & Way Pts
April 25. i
Humboldt
Eel River Ports. . .'.
Mendoclno City '. . . .
Humboldt .........
Golofnln Bay-Teller
April 26. ',
Sluslaw River
Grays Harbor .....
Astoria & Portland.
Point Arena ......
Pvget - Sound i Ports
Seattle & Tacoma..
'April 27. ¦-•
Coos Bay & Pt. Orfd
Humboldt ...'. .T...
San Diego & Way..
April 28.
San Pedro & Way. .
I Astoria & Portland.
Panama & .Way. Pts
April 2O.
Grays Harbor ....;
Grays' Harbor ... . .
M»y 1.
Seattle ' & Tacoma. .
Sydney & Way Pts
China.*' Japan....
N. Y.. via -Panama.
Puget Sound . Ports
Portland & Way Pts
May 2.
Newport &. Way Pts
Humboldt .....'..:. i
- -¦>: May 3. -I
I Astoria & Portland]
Bear Harbor ,....:. |
Seattle & Falrbavenl
Golofnln Bay-Teller|
12 m Pier 2
5 pm Pier 2
12 mfPler 2
0 am | Pier la
0 am Pier n
9 am Pier 11
3 pm Pier 2.8
12 m Pier 2
3 pm Pier 13
10 am Pier a
.:.... PJer —
12- m Pier 2
¦4 pm Pier —
10 am Pier ' 2
a pm Pier 2
11 am Pier »
5 pm Pier -2
10 am Pier 13
1:30 p Pier »
9 am Pier 11
9 am Pier 11
11 am Pier 24
12 m PMSS
'4 pm Pier 2
5 pm Pier -
10 am Pier. 2
10 am Pier 7
1 pm PMSS
1 2 pm Pier 10
11 am Pier 9.
9 am Pier 16
9 am Pier 11
1 :30 p Pier •. 0
111 am Pier 24
| 5pm Pier . 2
|'4 pm Pier . 2
|...... Pier —
Coos Bay...'
G. Elder... |
San Juan..
Sequoia....
Newburgr..
J. Klmball.
Konoma.
Doric.;*..;:
Argyll.....
Queen.:.:.'
Alliance. . .
Bonlta.. .:.
Pomona...
Columbia. .
Westport..
Rainier;...
Becsle K..
reamer.
Nome City... Nome ' direct .'. ......... JApr. 21
Ilumboldt Skagway & W»y Porti.|Apr. 24
Uxcelsiur.... Cooks. Inlet & Way Pts.lApr. 23
Portland ..... Nome direct . . |Apr. 20
Dlrigo....... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 27
L'lty beattla.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
Jeanle.....;. Nome direct (about)... . Apr. 29
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 20
v,ti»«« City., Skagway & Way Ports. Aor. <*<•
-Ify Topeka.. Skagway. & Way Ports. May 5
Farallbn.'. . . i Skagway "& Way I Ports. May . 5
2hlco. ........ Sunrise & "Hope'..' City. May 5
Bertha :...... Cooks Inlet - & Way Pts May 10
. - '. ,: -. . . :;. . a ' 1— . , , " ' -
24
25
26
27
2S
». ; H ; \V '
24 0:03 5.3
!0 '0:30 .6.1
!6* 0:68 '4.3
!7« 1:29 "4.6
!S: 2:00 4.4
» 2:49 4.2
KM «:52 4.0
¦-IL. W ¦¦*-•-¦;
l;| ; 0:00 y3.1|
Time
7:13
7:63
8:36
.8:20
10:10
11:02
H'W
1:5:18
Time
rt.
v-. H W ,
0.2 il:39
: 0.3 '2:25
V0.4 3:17
0.5 4:0ft
: 0.7 4:S7
r 0.0 5:45
U.I "0::!0
¦: ' LiW
I r-3.0 11:67 <
- ¦ Tim*
Ft. BX,
„:-,•¦• L. Yf ¦
4.4 6:10 2.8
-4.3 6:65 -2.9
.4.2 7:36 3.0
4.2 8:30 3.0
0:37 3.1
.4.3 10:52 S.i
c4.6 ..... .
.'.¦¦.-.-• H-W •
,'.1.3 7:10 .'. 4.8
' ¦.¦•' : - ; -'- -* v ; :"— NV. ¦¦'•¦¦¦ ¦-
IT'S FUNNY, how so many' men act.
They toil, and labor, and struggle, ¦
AND NEVER for a moment 'think of
v rest, or recreation, or pleasure.
AND HOW FOOLISH for those resid-
ing in this vicinity, when right at their
door lies the playground, quickly and
cheaply reached.
IF YOU WILL NOT occasionally give
up the daily grind, - • •
DO ' NOT make your wife and children
, continually walk . the treadmill, •
AT LEAST give them a chance for a
little change of air that will bring some
color to their cheeks.
PERHAPS then you will find time to
visit them over Sunday,
AND FORGET yourself as your chil-
dren poke grass down your neck,
and in your nose, and eyes, and ears.
GET OUT once in a while and romp,
BREAK AWAY and give your family a
chance to get acquainted with you,
AND CALL or write for
"VACATION, 1902."
A little book issued by the CALIFOR-
NIA NORTHWESTERN RAILWAY
COMPANY, glvlfig Camping Locations,
Hotels, Mineral Spring Resorts, and a
long list- of Country Homes where board
for the Summer- can be secured at from
J6.00 to $8.00 per week.
' Ticket offices, 630. Market- St. (Chronicle
Building), and Tiburon Ferry, foot -of
Market St. General Office, Mutual Life
Building 1 , Sansome and California Sts.,
San Francisco. -,
R. X. RYAN, Gen'l Pass. Agt.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
&—- '— 1 --O
Bartlett Sprrngs!
BARTLETT WATER WILL HELP TOU
to health and make your vacation use-
1 ful as well as pleasant. After, a short or
long stay at the popular Springs you will
wonder how it was possible to feel so well,
strong and vigorous.
Ride, drive, hunt, fish, bowl, dance, -
swim, bathe, walk over mountain - paths,
amuse yourselves in hundreds of ' happy
ways. Time never drags at Bartlett Springs.
Send for booklet.
. . - ' Call or Address . '
BARTLETT SPRINGS CO,.
General Office, Bartlett Springs.
2 Sutter St., S. F. Lake Co., Cal.
o — o
LYTTON SPRINGS;
Sonoma County. Always open. Finest min-
eral baths and plunge. No staging. Every
cemfort and convenience.' Tiburon ferry, 7:30
a. m., 3:30 p. m. Information of • DR. HEN-
SL.EE. 807 Sutter st. Phone Sutter 2371,. Tour-
ist Information Bureau, 10 Montgomery st., or
A. V. MORSE. Lytton. Cal. j
RUSSIAN RIVER HOTEL.
One! mile from famous "Bohemian Grove";
new. management; all refitted. Quietude, com-
fort, -pleasure; hunting, .fishing, boating; fresh
milk, cream and best of everything. Address
C. F. CARR, Manager, Russian River station,
via Duncans Mills. Cal.
CONGRESS SPRINCS.
A charming resort In the Santa ' Cruz Mts. ;
2 hours from San Francisco; . delightful - cli-
mate; swimming and all sports; table unsur-
passed; best mineral water on the coast; open
all the year. A. S. OLNEY. Manager.
WHITE COTTAGES.
Howell Mountain: altitude 2000 feet: air
pure and dry; dellchtful family resort;' daily
mail; croquet:- bowling: social hall; $8 per
week. ' Write MRS. J. H. GOETSCHE. Ang-
win, Cal. , • , .
EL BONITO HOTEL.
The largest and best appointed hotel in Ruj-
• lan River Valley. Excellent hunting;, fishing
and boatlnsr: fine scenery; pure spring water;
newly renovated:' new furniture. • R. C. CAL-
HOUN, ProDrietor. Duncans Mills. Cal.
HOTEL MATEO AND COTTAGES,
San : Mateo, , Cal.. Is now under ' new manage-
ment. .: Everything first class. Cuisine unsur-
passed. . Clubhouse, bowling alleys, billiards.'
pool, shuffleboard, lawn tennis, salt water bath-
Ing, etc. -.nates on application. - WRENN &
SPAULDING. Proprietors.
HOTEL BON-ftlR,
i?OSS VALLEY.
J. E/MANLOVE & WIFE (formerly Mrs.
;_:: ; " v . \ - Leach),. Proprietors. 1 - • - - -
" . THE .CEYSERS. V
(Sonoma County.) New management; rcoms
plastered and hard -finished: new . -furniture;
l-ew, private bathhouse; hunting, .fishing .> ear
round; white help only; best livery; . cooking
epecially supervised by manager: See pamphlet.
HOTEL EL MONTE,
: LOS > GATOS. .
¦Under new •manasement.'>\ Now open for
business. -.- Rates. $8 to $15. per week.
"BROOK SIDE:"
. Most beautiful resort house in Napa Valley;
2 miles from _Caltetoga;' free carriage;? hot and
cold baths; ' gas, ; S. . F. references. Send : for
I pamphlet. ;G. W.- CUTLER. Cal Istoga.
HQtFOR BLUELAKES!
Hunting, -boating,; bathing, -.fishing; new-
launch and boats,'. new. hotel and cottages,. new
tennis- court. Send, .for pamphlet and . terms J
O. -.WEISMAN; Mldlake.i Lake County. Cal. .;¦
jTHE
'Near the'' odean.l Fishing In " only '. mountain
trout stream in San - Mateo Co. j Long distance
phone. * $2 per day,- $8 week. -C">P. rMOSCONI.
.Prop., .Purisslma. San Mateo Co., Cal. .
FOREST HOTEL,
ALMA.
Santa Cruz . Mountains. Good ' trout -fishing. ¦
! Rebuilt ' and reopened. B. . BOHME. Prop. -
AMONG THE PINES.— ALTITUDE 2014 . FT.
Most' healthful . climate.T Plenty ; of cream,>
fruit; etc. ., Home 'cooking. " Telephone.- ' Rates
! $6 '. and , $7 : per ; week.^i For 'particulars address
Robt. F. Warham, Applegate.. Placer Co-" Cal.
HOTEL i DE ; REDWOOD— Santa Cruz Mts.
Among the grand old * treen;* board S5 and
$10 a week: -fare, return ticket, $2 50. M. S
COX. Laurel, Santa Cruz County. : Information
at Peck's Bureau, " 10 Montsomery st.
Adams
Springs
LAKE COUNTY, CAL.
A Positive Cure for Stomach. U-rer and Kid-
ney Troubles. Not what I say, bat what thm
people say.
. RECOMMENDED BY THB LEADING PHT-
SICIANS OF CALIFORNIA.
SEND FOR BOOK OF TESTPIOyiATJ. ,
Elevation. 3300 feet. .
Rates, $10. $12 and $14 per week,
' Tickets at S. P. office, foot of Market street,
direct to the Springs.
¦ DR. TV. R. PRATHER. Proprietor.
L.. LEBENBAUM & CO.. 222 Sutter street.
S. F. Agents for Adams Springs water.
SANTA CATAIINA ISLAND,
3 x /z Hours from Los Angeles.
Ad vantasres. attractions and amuse-
ments lmposslole elsewhere; ninth sea-
son; three months on CataJlna Island of
our Famous Marine Sand, twenty-fir*
members, ten soloists; most phenomenal
fishinsr and greatest rod ana reel records
known; the Marine Gardens: Glass-bot-
tomed Boats and Aquarium; Boating,
Bathlns;.Wild Goat Shooting: Delight-
ful 'Coast Excursions; Fleets of Yachts
and Launches; Ideal Cams Life: Com-
plete Camp Equipment; Hotels and Cot-
tages; Hotel Me tropole. modern conven-
iences, electric lights; Golf. Tennis, Bowl-
Ing, Music, Dancinsr. etc. For further
particulars address BANNING COM-
PANY, 222 South Spring street, Los An-
geles, or E. C. PECK, Tourist Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery street. San Fran-
cisco, Cal. . - ,
RIVERSIDE} HOTEL and cottaees: T5 rms.:
Santa Cruz. Cal. Near Beach. Rates to
families. Information at 10 Montgomery at.
Free bus. Long dlst. phone. Fred Barson. Prop.
THE OAKS, a favorite summer resort on
Boncifonte drive. 5 miles from Santa Cruz;
dally mail, fishing, home cooking. Address
MRS. CZARINA. SMITH MILLS. Santa Cruz.
ANNADA1E FABK. Santa ciRJz
MOUNTAINS, cottages and rooms to let. fur-
nished or unfurnished for housekeeping. IT.
J. SEEGELKE.V. Los Gatos Postotnce. Cal.
GARDEN CITY SANITARIUM. San Joae. Cal.
¦ One of- the best equipped on the coast. Every •
- variety of water treatment, electricity, mas- -.
sage. X-ray. Write for literature.
T. SAN , FRANCISCO RANCH O— THIS
homelike resort Is located In the Santa
Cruz Mountains, 6 miles from Capltola. Good
table board, hunting and fishing. Address E.
. D.- WEBB, Soquel. Cal.
ING'S RANCH — Six miles from Cazadero.
Elevation 1200 feet; among the redwoods.
Hunting,- fishing. Terms. $10 a week; family
rates. Address WM. KINO. Cazadero.
RAND CENTRAL HOTEL. GuernavUle.
Cal. — New management; thoroughly re-
fitted and Improved. Headquarters for hunters
and fishers. Add. F. PLATH. Guernevllle. Cal.
¦ **^ —* —^ —^ m \
STAGE LINES AITD UVEBIES.
LA HONDA and PESCADERO — ThrougbV th»
redwoods to the ocean. Hay ward's, Vw'urr's,
Bellvale, Pigeon Pt. and Santa Cruz. Buy R.
R. tickets to Redwood City, 0 a. ra. train. 3d
and Townsend sts.; 9:20 a. m. from San Jom
Add. WALTER KNIQHT. Redwood City. Cal.
PESCADERO— San Mateo and Pescaden>
stage line, via Halfmoon Bay - and San
Gregorio, daily all year: twice a day to Half-
moon Bay. Lvs. San Mateo 10 a.m.<fc 4:15 p. m.
ASHION STABLES, UKIAH AND WlC
lits — Tourists, campers, hunters write J.
H. Smith, Ukiah. Smith & Taylor. Wllllts, for
any kind of a turnout.
GILROT Fashion livery; good service: reas.
rates. Ofc. Gllroy Spr. stage. H. Mayock.
LOS GATOS — Lyndon Stables, opposite depot.
First-class rigs. Reasonable prices. -
SANTA CRUZ — San Lorenzo Stablea. Styl-
iah riga. Reasonabl* prices. -
TO THE PUBLIC.
. - I have been wonder-
>S* Ra ftU^ cored of fits and ox
fia§r aa wl hip trouble by the fa-
VJ*2L « mous herb doctor. Won?
5«Ej «: I Him. of 113-117 Mason
fu J, . I ¦*•• 8. F. I was nearly
HS>»si I dead when I cam* ta
gg/Sim I him and the fits I had
JnS^^A^^ were dreadful, but I am
y^HLf^*^ j5^ enjoying perfect healtu
i^NJ^^V sow. I can tell any on*
;fSregHRH|^m\ of the wtnderful cures
**E«WKiu?t»^ he has mads for mt.
1 came from Meridian. Sutter County. Cal., ta
Dr. Wong Him and h« nascuTed me ofall m*
ailments. MRS. CHAS. EL DOTT,
v Meridian. Batter County. Cai
January 21, 1902.
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 6, 1900.— To whom
it may concern: This la to certify that DR.
WONO HIM of 115-117 Mason St., San Fran-
cisco, has cured me of kidney trouble and
rheumatism, and I am happy to make this
statement, as I find the Doctor strictly honest
in every sense of the word, and aa honorable
man In all his dealings. DR. a A. OAT.
Dentist, 902 Second ave.. Seattle. Wash.
December 15. 1900.— This Is to certify that I
was suffering for fifteen years from Bright" *
disease of the kidneys and a tumor on my left
side. I tried a number of doctors and various
remedies without affording me anyrellef. That
six months ago I applied to Dr. Wong Him of.
115-117 Mason st. San Francisco, and now
after six months of his treatment I am entirely
cured and in perfect health. I write this in my
appreciation of Dr. Wong Him. and that other
- sufferers may be relieved, and I will b« glad to
certify to this in person to any on« that may
call upon me at my rasldence.
MRS.' JOHN ALLANSON.
Orchard ave..- Elmhnrst. Alameda County. Cat
DR. MIL'S RHNYIGORATOHRawa
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Fiv» ICar***^3
hundred reward for any case w« §233 BBS
cannot cure. This secret ¦ rem- 9 Tj
edy cures Emissions, Impotency. Rsjpj immm
Varicocele, Gonorrhoea. Gleet. r¥-H St"RI
Strictures, Drains, Lost Man- [yKl \W\
hood and all other wasting ef- ¦pi fCTl
fects of self-abuse or excesses. b2BEas£c£9
Eent sealed, %2 bottle; 3 bottles, $3; guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address order*
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 1073 XL
Market at.." S. F- Send for free book.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
WEEfrcm
16 Pages. $1 per Year
. ' . ¦ • ~ *
HIGHLAND SPRINGS
ALWAYS OPEN.
The famous health and pleasure reaort of
Lake County. Finest waters for the cure of
LIVER KIDNET. MALARIA. RHEUMATISM
and STOMACH TROUBLES. 'Every comfort
and amusement. FREE SWIMMING TANK.
CROQUET, TENNIS. Regulation Bowllnr Al-
ley, Riding and Driving- Horses. Splendid Trips
in Mountains or Valley.
NOTE SPECIAL RATES.
One person In room, "small hotel". $10 per week
Two persons in room, "small hotel".$18 per week
Ono Derson in room, "cottages" .. .$11 per week
Two persons in room, "cottages".. $20 per week
One person In room, "MAIN HOTEL"....
..' $12 and $14 per week
Two persons in room, "MAIN -HOTEL"...
it ..$20 and $22 per week
Special Inducements for School Teachers or
Families desiring to remain by the month.
For : illustrated pamphlets, photographs and
analysis of waters call on Tourists' Information
Bureau, 10 Montgomery, or The Traveler of-
fice, 20 Montzomery »t.,' or write direct to
CRAIG & WARNER. Highland Springs. Lake
Co., Cal. - - -
BYRON HOT SPRINCS
~ Will open on THURSDAY. MAY 1st.
The finest sanitarium on the Pacific
Coast. New hotel, with every modern
improvement and convenience. \ i
These famous waters and hot mln- /
eral and mud baths are a sure cure for
Rheumatism and Malaria.
' Write for further information to
Manager . Byron Hot Springs, . Contra
Costa County, Cal.. or call on Lom-
bard & Co., room 30, 36 Geary St., city.
PASO ROBLES S
/ T m £\'W% '¦ Nature's own selec-
1*1 I W t tlon for a health and
A Vl\ pleasure resort be-
— —_. . _ >_» TV cause of the curative
Hh A I T^rf properties of its mud
JllLjfl JLj X 11 and sulphur baths for
. _^ rheumatism, insom-
A Mil nla - S° ut . neuralgia,
-. x\llU •¦ Hver.kidney and blood
-¦ • .»-• diseases. Has. every
T\T X3 L CT TYMZS natural advantage for
OTTO E. NEVER, Prop.
CM. ARNOLD, 640 MarKcI, S. T^ Atf.
All fT ft\K ¦ ' ' -"W a tir.; Climate.
¦ ¦ I I ' U I I V Scenery and Table
¦ ¦II rill unsurpassed. Trained
U I !• I V I Masseur. Campers'
w *> Paradise. Good
- .Hunting and Fish-
N lng.
II «% mm ¦' Train leaves Thirl
1 1 19 1 ind Townsend streets
KB I 1 at 9 a. m. and 2:45
if U I p- m - d *"y-
MMaaa For - pamphlet and
rates ' address
SPRINGS "-— H
Ul HIllUU Gilroy- Springs, Cal
c\ is m r*r\e\ HOT springs, sonoma
SK UftfrS COUNTY; only 4% hours
UA/lvUU from San Francisco and
- ¦¦ ¦ . but 9 miles' staging;
waters noted for medicinal virtues; best nat-
ural hot mineral water bath In State; boating
and swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good
"trowt streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mall,
express- and San Francisco morning and even-
ing papers; FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND
STAGE SERVICE; both morning and afternoon
stages; round trip from San Francisco only
$5 SO. Take Tiburon ferry, at 7:30. a. m. or
3 :30 p. 1 m. Sundays 8 it. m. only. Rates $2
a day or $12 a week. References, any guest
of the .past seven years. Patronage of 1801
unprecedented. - Information at San Francisco
office, 121 Phelan bldg. Also at Traveler of-
fice. 20 Montgomery St., - or of J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs, Cal. 1 __,
BRAIN fORGE
: Can be renewed by a delightful outing
this summer. AETNA SPRINGS,
with its superb hotel accommodations —
large swimming tank (filled with natural
WARM MINERAL WATER). Every con-
ceivable sport and amusement for adults
and children. Riding and driving to vari-
ous . points of " Interest, mountain trails,
etc., are a few that will make your visit
to. AETNA SPRINGS a pleasure. Send
for a pictorial booklet. -
EDWARD L.- S ANFORD. Manager.
CAMP CURRY!
There .are others, but not equal to CAMP
CURRY. . First In location of time and place,
first In-.:" quality of service and "attention to
guests and personally managed by Mr. and
Mrs. Curry. . ' Opens May 1. You can get full
particulars at Curry's office. 10 Montgomery st.
YOSEMITE.
'¦•¦¦ WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS,
, Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 28 miles by
stage west 'of. Williams ;¦ fare $2. Hottest
strongest . water on tljg coast ; temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, - salt rheum
skin diseases.- neuralgia, liver, kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury in system, dysDeD-
Bla, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 2-story
hotel; fine new bathhouse. Board and lodgln*
including baths, $10 a week. -.WM. OELGEART
Proprietor. . '
, AGUA CALIENTE.
Also known, as California Hot Springs ¦ So-
noma Valley. No staging; viaC. N. Ry or S
P. R. R. Immense swimming surface. Splendid
£ b \%- -': Como .Sundays and try It. RouSd trip
$110. Telephone; many improvements- $1"
and $W. THEO. RICHARDS. Proprietor
Agua Caliente. Cal. • x-ropneior.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS.
.Finest fishing, hunting and health - resort • on
Rates, $2 50 per day; $10 to. $14 p-sr
we ?k. Call Traveler. Office. 20 Montgomery st
or address EDSON BROS., B«w"ck. "TsTlyoii
County, "Cal. •- -. .: 5. -.. -. . . .. .
CAMP TAYLOR HC >TEU camp cottages
1* I -i. « and- grounds, private pic-
nics, bowling, alley, tennis, boating, trgut fish-
ing, telephone. : Call at. Traveler, 20 Montgom-
ery street. H. G. MARTIN/ Proprietor.
VICHY SPBINGS^-3 mile, from Ukiah.
T Mendocino Co. Natural .tlectric waters
champagne baths. , Only place In ths world of
this class of waters. having continuous flow of
natural- warm water direct : from springs to
tubs. Lovely grounds.: fishing, hunting, Crys-
flm ci^-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A SPRING TONIC
Now is the time to get rid of
the impurities that "have ac-
cumulated in the system during
the winter. The best medicine
to purify the b'ood end build
up the system is Hoststter's
Stomach Bitters. A few doses
. wiil convince you. It also cures
Indigestion. Dyspepsia, Constipa-
tion, Headache and Insomnia.
Stomach Bitters,)Exchange [and, Bullion. ¦ •
'• Silver advanced again and Sterling Exchange
was also slightly higher. ; : , ,' .;; , , . .:,
The China took but: a treasure : list oT $121*
035, consisting-^ of $5530 in Mexlcan^dollars,
$450 t in- gold coin arid $116,000 in silver bullion.
. Sterling ExchangeT'OO, days.'. . '. . • '¦'-—_ ' , $4 80 '•
Sterling Cables. ..-sight... .. -f- /.- 4 88%
Sterling -Cables .,..'. ..;..... .— - 4 89%
New. York Exchange/sslghV.-...: ..«-.. 15
Jiew York Exchange, telegraphic*, — :.. ."*. : i"H-
Silver, per. ounce, .-.::. . .... . . . — t > .61%
Mexican Dollars," nominal : . ¦ , — r . 45Vt
The market showed very little change yes
terday. Butter continued, we"ak with heavy re
ce'.ptt; and stocks, and a further decllnt! of '.^o
at" New York and lc at Chlcacd. Stocks hero
show signs of if cumulating, whloh is natural
considering that the Northern '•; an-1 Eastern
"hipping demand has about ccassd, and the
InHsposltion ot receivers to rack at the pres
ent prices. ¦ . • • ' '
Cheese 'is still quoted weak with accumulat
lnc stocks. ¦ ' ¦ .
'The firmness in strictly fine ranch Eggs con
tinues and occasional sales of large atlscted
at 16%c aro being made, but. the medium and
lower grades continue in good supply and" easy.
Th? Exchange advanced its quotations to 13©
15c"for ranch.' leaving stora unchanged at 12%
«iil 3c.-" Storing is still going on, but not as
freely as a fortnight ago. as the higher the
Koodp get the more risk the speculator has to
take ' ' . ' : ' ~ ' ' ¦
-¦Receipts were, 05,100 pounds and 233 tubs of
Butter 21C6 cases of Egss, case3 Eastern
EkBS, 45.7C0 pounds California Cheese and "¦
pounds of Eastern Cheese.
, BUTTER — Creamery, 19@20c per pound for
fancy 18@18%c for firsts and 17%c for sec
onds;' dairy,' 10@18c; store Butter, 14@15c per
pound. : ' ¦ "'•--" . ¦ ¦ . -*** '- : ' -¦. ."¦¦'"¦.. -.V,
CHEESE— New.' 9©l0c; -old. 9@llc; Young
Amertrn SiBlOc; EastPr'n. 13Q15c per pound. -
vEGGS— Ranch. 14@16c,-. with lC%c ina small
Vcy; store. 12%@14c per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet and steady' ' No
7 Invoice. 5 1-lCc: mild, quiet; Cordova, 8©12c'
Future market closed steady, with prices net
unchanged; total sales 141750 bag* Including
May, $4 05; June. $5; September. $5. 35- Octo
ber, $4 50: November, $5 45: December.' $5 3K-
January. $5 60; March, $5 75. ' , '
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refjnins 274c
centrifugal. 00 test, 356c: mola*ses sugar 2Hc"
•• DRIED FRUITS. ; j"
There continues a. good export demand for
the lower grades of evaporated apples and sun
plies are firmly held at quotations. State
common -to good. 7@8%-c; prime, 9%@9vic'
choice. 9%<3'10c; fancy. 10%(£llc. -In" prunes'
the movement- Is light- and ' chiefly « for .: jobbing
account. Not much interest is shown in apri
cots, but" the tone is steady and .unchanKed.
Prunes, S^WOTic. Apricots— Royal, 10%@13c-
Moorpark, 10@12c. Peaches— Peeled, 14@18c >
unpeeled, 8® lla . ...
New York Metal ,¦ Market.
NEW YORK, April . 23.— Conditions , in the
metal ¦ market at home and abroad 1 somewhat
NEW YORK, April 23.— There was a big
trade in the grain market to-day and a 2c
advance In both wheat and corn, to the high
est point of the year, resulting from the pro
longed dry weather In the. Southwest. July
wheat gold up to' 83 We in the regular market,
compared with 81c last night, and the lato curb
advanced to «3>/4c. July corn sold a£ 70%c
against (57%c yesterday. Private crop ad
vices were very bullish and the public bought
freely on the advance. •
FLOUR— Receipts, 27,826 barrels; exDort«
3300 barrels; market sold 5c higher and Gen
erally steady: winter straights, $3 75<H>3 ao-
Minnesota patents, $3 00ff4 10 - '
• WHEAT— Receipts, 140,250 bushels- spot
strong; No. 2 red, 89%c elevator; No. 2 red'
90c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 8.6c
f,.o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, 89 '/le f
o. b. afloat. There was- an exceedingly strong
market in wheat all day, with a big soecu
latlve trade. Including liberal public orders to
buy. The demand was chiefly due to la~k ot
rain and serious crop- conditions, as indicated
by numerous damage complaints from -tne
Southwest. All outside' markets were strong
notably St. Louis. The close was 2%®2%c net
higher. May. 81% #81'/* enclosed at^83c; ; July
83%@83%c. closed at 83V4c; September 80 VS-ih
®82%c. closed at 82%c; December. 82%@84%c
closed at 84%c.
Hops-ouiet. . ;. .
The' Poultry market was fairly active for
choice Btock, but old and small young stock
were hard to sell. Hens, especially, «- 8 re ; in
large supply and very dull Onr> mere car of
Eas-tcrn was placed on the market, making the
fifth since Monday.
. Game cleans up from day to day un.Ier light
receipts. Fourteen sacks came In yesterday. "
POULTRY^— Live Turkeys, 13@14c for . Gob
blers and 15@l«c for Hens; Geese, tjer pair.
SI 50®l 75; Goslings, : 52 25@2 50; Ducks, $4 50<fp
0 50 for old and $7@8 tare young; Hens, $4@4 50:
young Roosters, $0 5C&7 5u; old '$4®
4fiO- Fryers, $5@«; Broilers, $404 50 for large
and $150<&3 for small; Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for old and.$l 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $1 : Rabbits, $1 60 for Cotton
tails and *1 for Brush; Gray Geese, $2 50@3;
White Geese. 75c@$l; Brant. $1@1 50; Honkers,
$3@4; English Snipe, $2 50®3; Jack Snipe; $1 60.
Poultry and Game.
Nezv York Grain and Produce, j
Condition- of the Treasury.
. WASHINGTON, April 23.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $180,141,818; gold $01 '
761,078. • f .
NEW YORK, April 23. — Money on call was
steady at 3%@4U Per cent; closing bid and
asked, 3%@4 per cent; prime mercantile paper,
4%©5% Per cent; sterling exchange was strong
with actual business In bankers' bills at $4 87%
#i4 88 for demand and $4 85H®4 85% for sixty
days; posted rates, $4 86 and $4 88%; commer
cial bills, $4 84V-^4 85%; bar' silver, 51% c -
Mexican dollars, 41c; ' bonds — Government'
steady; State firm; railroad, irregular. '
New York Money Market.
FOR WEDNESDAY. APRIL 2S.
Flour, qr ska.;. 9,350 J Middlings, sks.. 695
Wheat ctls .... 1.7651 Wool, bales .... B26
Barley ctls ... 20,215 1 Tallow, ctls .... 214
Oats ctls 350 : Pelts, bdls ..... 112
Beans, sks .... 267 Hides, No ..... 304
Potatoes, sks . . 2,287 Quicksilver, flsk 204
Onions, sks .... 300 Leather, rolls... 167
Bran, sks ..... 1.340 Wine, gals 41.300
Hops bales 29 Lime, bbls ..... 273
=traw, tons .... 20 Sugar, . ctls .... . 704
Hay, tons ; 603
Receipts of Produce.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per pound, in lOo-lh
bags: Cubes. A, Crushed and Fine Crushed,
4 50c; Powdered, 4.35c; Candy . Granulated.
4.35c; Dry Granulated Fine, 4.25c; Dry Granu
lated Coarse, 4.25c; Fruit Granulated. 4.25c;
Beet ' Granulated (100-lb bags only), none;
Confectioners' A. 4.25c; Magnolia A. 3.85c;
ExtraC, 3.75c; Golden C. 3.65c; "D."- 3.55c;
barrels, ' 10c mor»; half-barrels, 25c more:
boxes 50c more; 60-lb bags. 10c more, for all
kinds.' ,'Domlnos — Half-barrels, 4.75c; boxes,
5c per lb. No order taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. "
COAL OIL — Water White Coal OH. In bulk.
13%@14c; Pearl Oil, In cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star, 20c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene,
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline. In bulk. 16c;
in cases. 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.' 14%c; in
cases, 21c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c; in
cases. 26%c. ' ' .
TURPENTINE — 67c per gallon in cases and
Clc In drums and Iron barrels.
OIL — California Castor Oil, in cases. No.
1, 70c; pure, $1 20; Linseed OH, In bar
rels, boiled, 78c; raw, 76c;. cases, 5c more;
Lucol 68c for boiled. and 66c for raw, in bar
rels; Lard Oil. extra winter strained, barreU,
90c: cases, 05c; China Nut. 57%®6Sc per gal
lon; pure Neat3foot, In barrels. 70c; cases, 75c;
Sperm, pure, 65c. Whale OH, natural white.
4o<fx50c Per gallon; Fish OH, barrels. 42%c;
cases 47%c; Cocoanut OH. barrels. 63%c for
Ceylon and 58%c for Australian.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. $9; Seattle, $6 50;: Bryant, $6 50r
Roslyn, $7; Coos Bay. $5 50; Greta, $8; Walls
end, $8 50; Co-operative Wallsend, $8 50; Cum
berland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in sacks; Penn
sylvania Anthracite Egg. ; Welsh Anthra
cite,' $14; Canncl, $11 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton
in bulk and $17 In sacks: Rocky Mountain de
scriptions, $8 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton,
according to brand. '
BAGS — Grain Bags, June and July* 6c; San
Quentln.' 5.55c; Wool Bags, 32@35c; Fleece
Twine. 7%®8c.
General Merchandise.
•Articles — : ¦ •"'' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............ :10.0UO . /•' . 30,000
Wheat, bushels .- 5C.C00 . y 8,000 .'..
Corn.., bushels .... :..'"• 72.0QOW'- 19.000^-
Oat8.-,>buphe!s ....-v...-. i .l213,000.-, , 102.000 >
Rye. bushels 3.000, .1,000
Barley, bushels .... . .". : . .'25,000 -"- 4.0C0
-¦' On the' Produce Exchanee to-day the butter
market was easy; creameries. 22(5T26c: dairies,
21&!!ic. Cheese, firm, 12% ©13c. Eggs, steady;
fresK, -15%«l(Jc. s . ,
., . Foreign Futures. ••-.»
{ ' ' LtVERPOois/ ;>;/.
Wheat— . ,»¦'••' . .:--May. ' ¦ ; July.'
Opening « 1% C> %
Cloelng .....:.„ 01% 0%
-:¦'.. PARIS.
Wheat— April. Sept. -Dec.
Opening ....,.:.". 22 10 20 45
Closing ....•' 2190 20 30
Flo/ir— .
Opening 27 05 26 35
Closing ?0 85 26 15
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO,. April .23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
15,000; 2000 Texans; market active and strong
to 15c higher; good to prime steers, ?G 80@7 50;
poor to medium, $4 75@6 60; etockers and feed
ers $2 75@6 30; cowb, $1 »0@6; heifers. $2 50@
6 25: canners. $1 B0©2 60; bulla, $2 50®5 60;
calves", $2@>5 50; Texas fed steers, $2 55@6 50.
HOGS — Receipts: To-day, 26,000; to-morrow.
22,000 estimated :. left over,; 6000 head. Market
steady to 5c lower. Mixed and butchers, $6 60 I
©7 05; good to choice heavy. $7@7 17%; rough
heavy, $« 75©6 95; light, ?0 50@6 75; bulk of
saleo. $6 75S7. - ¦• J
SHEEP — Receipts, 10.000; ¦ sheep and 'lambs
strong to 10c higher. Good to choice wethers,
$5 50<@6 25;' fair to choice mixed. $4 75@5 50;
Western' sheep, $4'75@6 25: native lambs,
clipped, $4 75@0 C5; AVestern lambs, $5 50@« (55;
wooled Colorado lambs, *$" 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
" ST. JOSEPH. Mo., April 2:;.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 1284. Steady to f 10c higher. Natives,
$5 50iS7 25; cows and heifers, $1 25:5 1; 50; veals,
$3 25c?f.5 75: bulls and stags, $3@6; stockers and
feeders. $2©5 35. V' ¦ • '
HOGS — Receipts. .1800; 5c higher. Light and
light mixed, $6 80«?7; medium and heavy, $6 95
. <&7 20; pigs, $4 50@C; bulk, ?0 65@7 15. . '
SHEEP— Receipts. 1905; strong. Western
lambs, $0 25@7 10; Western sheep, $4 85@6 25.
New York Cotton Market.
• NEW YORK, April 23. — The cotton market
opened quiet and steady, with prices 2 points
higher to 1 point lower,. and closed, quiet and
steady, with prices 1 to 3 points. higher.
Northern Business.
''¦'•¦¦' '¦-.'¦ ' ____ * •'
H, SPOKANE ¦ April 23.— Clearings. $361,762;
balances. $55,870. -_ '
PORTLAND April 23.— Clearings, $417,106;
>TACOMA' 7>? April ' 23-aearingi.- $166,177;
balances, $29,983. ' - , ¦*¦
SEATTLE, April 23.— Clearings, $600,103;
balances, $05,840. .-.; '- ; .' ¦ ,
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April 23.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, C5@05^c; bluestem, GO@ec%c.
WASHINGTON.
' TACOM A. April 23.— WHEAT— Steady. Blue
stem, 60c; club, 65c. '.'-; ¦
¦V 'Foreign' Markets. .' ¦¦:
LONDON. April 23;-^-Consols, 04%; , siiver,
23%d; French rentes, 100£.02%c; wheat cargbes
on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1 standard
California, 29s 3d; Walla Walla,' 29s; ' English
country mferkets. firm. - ;'"_.^
LIVERPOOL. April, 23.— Wheat, firm; No.
1 standard California, 6s .J%d@t)a 4d; wheat
in Paris, dull: flour In- Paris, dull; French
country markets, dull; weather In England,
showery. •••' ¦ -, . . ' .
. COTTON— Uplands, o%p-
NEW YORK. April 23. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: '
. Stocks were still brisk, and confident to-day,
especially investment - issues.- Consols, which
sold at 94%, gave a good tone to the trading.
Settlements for months past have showed hard
ly any bull account, but this time a small spec
ulative commitment was diclosed, particularly
in Home Rail?.
American stocks repeated the movement, al
though business was much less. They opened
above parities, expecting a scarcity of offerings,
but there was a setback on a general contango
of 4%. with Louisville and Nashville even, St.
Paul even and Canadian Pacific 2. ''
New York sold Atchison, weakening the mar
ket, but in the street New "_ork again support
ed the Coalers, particularly Erie and Reading,
and the close was strong.
¦ Copper was % down to £52% the ton, and
Rio Tintos were % down to 43%. Gold to the
amount of £138,000 bars has been received, as
well as £30,000 from Holland. The market was
compelled to borrow £1,000,000 from >the bank.
Silver was weaker, the shorts apparently
have covered and the outlook for the- metal Is
unsatisfactory. ... /. ,
London Market.
The following quotations are for good sound
livestock delivered at San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkaee for cattle >
CATTLE— Steers, 8%@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7S7%c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — t%@5%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5c; Ewes, 3%@4c per
lb (gross weight). —
LAMBS — Suckling Lambs, $2 50@2 75 per
head or 5%@Cc per lb liveweight; yearlings, 4%
@5c Der lb. „„ \
HOGS — Live Hogs.' 200 lbs and under, 6%@
6%c; 200 lbs and over, 6%@6%c; feeders, 5%@
tiVic; sows, 20 per cent off; boars. 50 per cent
off, and stags, 40 per cent' off from the above
quotations.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
BEEF — 7@7%o for Steers' and 6@7c per'lb
for Cows. \ .
VEAL — Large. 7%®8%c; small, 8%@10o per
pound.
MUTTON — Wethers. 8%®9%c; Ewes, 8@8%c
LAMB— Yearlings, !)@10c per lb; Spring
Lambs, 10@llc per lb. : _•.;;' f ; J'.fr .. -. '
.'. PORK— Dressed Hogs, 71 J@0 Vic per.lb. ,
, . There is no further change to report In this
market. • ' r -"- • ¦ *
c*- DRESSED MEATS. ;— ' "
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are aa follows: ; :.-¦ • - >
5a n Francisco Meat Market.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, extra fancy.
$2 per box. $1 40@l 85 for No. 1 and $1®
$1 25 for'No. 2; Rhubarb S5@75c per box; extra
fancy, S3c@?l; Green Peas. 75c@>$l per sack;
String Beans, from Los Angeles, 10@12%c per
lb. including Wax; Cabbage, 40@50o per ctl;
Los Anseles Tomatoes, $1@1 50 per box and
crate; Mexican Tomatoes, |1@1 50 per box,
including repacked; Dried Peppers, 10@llc per
lb; Loa Angeles do, 13@17%c; Dried Okra, 12%
Q20c per lb; Carrots, 75o- p«r sack; Hothouse
Cucumbers, ?.5@75c per /dozen for small and
$1@1 25 for large; Garlic, 2®2%c; Lo S Angeles
Green Peppers, 10@12%c; Mexican do. 10@12%c-
Egg Plant,-frem Los Angeles, 17%@20c; Sum
mer Squash, from Los Angeles, $l@l 25; Mar
rowfat Squash, $15@20 per ton; Hubbaxd
Squash, $15@20; Mushrooms, nominal.
" Receipts of Asparagus were about 800 boxes
and the market cleaned up well at slightly Im
proved prices. Rhubarb and Peas were in
heavy supply and weaker. Mexican Tomatoes
are pretty well cleaned up and fresh supplies
are close at hand. Other vegetables stood about
the same. ¦ ' ' '.
POTATOES — New Potatoes, 2@2%c per lb;
old, $1 S5@l 55 for Burbanks from the river;
Oregon Burbanks, $1 C0@l 85; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, $1 70@l 80; River Reds, $1 00@l 60;
Early Rose, for seed. $1 50@l 65; Oregon Bur
banks, for seed, ?1 20@l CO; Sweets, $1 S5 for
Merced. - ¦ ¦ * ¦
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 10@2 40 for the best
and $1 50@2 for lower grades; Australian, $3@
3 2o, second hands; Green Onions, 40@60c per
box.
.Three cars of Oregon Burbanks came in and
the market "was reported steady at previous
prices. Garnet Chiles and Seed Burbanks of
desirable sizes were in demand x and steady.
Sweets were dragging and the quotation was
lower. There was no change in New Potatoes.
Fancy Oregon Onions sold- readily 'at full fig
ures, but poor stock, which was plentiful, sold
slowly. Australians were dull at the quota
tions. Green were In large supply, and lower.
SEEDS — Trieste Mustard, S2 • r J0@2 65; Yel
low Mustard, $3 25-8:3 50; • Flax. $2 25@2 50;
Canary 3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa from Utah,
lC^iti'UVic; California. 10@10%c; Rape, 1%4ji
SJMc: Hemp. 3>/jc per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles,~?l 60@2; Green, $1 50.
@2; Blackeye, nominal.,' .-• \;,...i.- /;.';'«>¦-
'"* ¦' " "if' ? ' ¦ ¦'¦ "-• ¦ A - - ,-y -,¦ -,-.X
¦yPotatoes^Onions ana Vegetables: '
-" BEANS— Bayos," $2 '40@2 00; ' small White.
*2 0&ffi2 25; large White. $2(g i 2- 20; Pea, $3 25®
3 50; Plnk, ; S1'S5@2 10; Red.' $2 25@2 50;
Black-eye, $4 50@4 75; Limas, $3 35@3 (JO; Red
Kidneys, $3 7o®4 per ctl. !
The steadiness In white Beans was more pro
nounced yesterday, and prices were, somewhat
higher, with an Improved demand. The feeling:
in Beans is much- better, all around than It has
been of late. ¦ : - .
Beans and [Seeds,
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%o under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. ,10%c; medium,' 0@0^c; light, 8@8^c;
Cow Hides, 0c for heavy and 8@8%c for light;
Stags, 6(86%c; Salted Kip. 8@8%c; Salted Veal.
9@9%c; Salted Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls,
14c; Dry Kip,' 13c: Dry' Calf. 18c; Culls and
Brands, -15c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 20@30c
each; short Wool, 35@6Oc each, medium, 65®
75c; long Wool, 90c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides,
salt, $2 75@3 for large and $2 25@2 50 for me
dium, $1 for small and 50c for Colts; Horse
Hides, dry, ?1 75 for large. $1 25@1 00 for me
dium, $1 for small and 6O0 for Colts. Buck
Skins — Dry Mexican, 32%c; dry salted Mexican,
25c; dry Central American; 32%c. Goat Skins —
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 5%@Cc per lb;
No. 2, 4%@5c; grease. 2%@3%c.
WOOL— Spring — Northern free, 14@16c; do,
defective, 13@14c; Middle county free, 13@15c;
do. defective, 12@13c; Southern, 12 months, 0@
'10c; do. 7 monthsi 9@llc; Foothill, ll@13c; Ne
vada. 12®15c per lb. ¦ . ¦ ¦ ,. ,-.. ¦
HOPS— 12@13c for fair and 14@13c per lb for
good to choice. ,v
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Cash c'uotatlons were -as. follows: "Flour,
firm; No. 2 spring wheat, 73%!?j;77o; No. 3, 70
ffiTu'ic; No. 2 red, 85c; 'No. 2 oats, 44%©
44%c; No..2 white, 46@40%c; No. 3 white, 45V4
@4tic; Nff.' 2 rye, 58%®59Ci fair to=choice matt-'
ing barley, C5@69c: No. 1 TTaxseeaMl 6S; No.'
1-. Northwestern. $1 79 itrime • tlnrpthy s?ed(
$6 90;'me-ss pork, ner bbl. $l«:75@10 80; iard.
per 100 lbs. *9 »2Vi®9 85; short" ribs sides
(loose), $!» 15@!) -5; dry salted shoulders
<boxed). 7%@7->lc; short ..clear sides (boxed),
?!) 70<gi) SO^w-hisky.. baslx of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, $3*25£ .. . . w
I Hay Is weak under -the continued' showers,
which are softening the top of the ground and
thereby improving 'the crop prospects.^ Prices,
however, remain as j before.' - There is no fur
ther change In Bran and- Middlings. -. -¦¦'¦.'
BRAN— ¥17 G0@18 ppr ton.
MIDDLINGS— $20 50@21 50 per ton.
I FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $21@21 50 per
tor: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25#26; Jobbing,
$26 50@27; Cocoanut Cake, '. $20(fj;2l ; Corn Meal.
*W>e2H50; Cracked Corn. $29 5O@:iO; ; Mixed
Feed, $1U@17; Cottonseed Meal. $26 50.
¦ : HAY — Wheat, $9<fTll CO; Wheat and Oat,
S8 50@U; Oat. $8@10 CO; Alfalfa. $8@U; Clo
ver, ?7@9; Volunteer, $0 50@S 50; Stock, ?6@i
¦per, ton;- ;'¦:- ' - ,••-'•;¦; -•¦.-¦•::>- -:¦¦¦ i~-'
-'STRAW—40@C5c-f:er;balo. ,*»£* <- *» : i '- v "
Hay and: Feedstuff s:
MILLSTUFFS-rPriccs In sacks afe as fol
lows, usual discount to ' the i Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $3; Rye Meal.
$2 75; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25; extra
cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5 25;. Hominy, $4®
4 25; Buckwheat, Flour, $4 50@4 75; Cracked
Wheat, S3 50; F.arina. ?4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour §3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $7 3u@9; In
sacks, $6 85@8 50: Pearl Barley, $5 50; Split
Peas, $5 50; Green Peas, ?G 50 per 100 lbs. ..:.-..
. FLOUR—Calif ornia Family , Extras, $3 CO®
3 75, usual terms; Bakers' .- Extras, $3 40@3 50;
Oregon, $2 75@3 25 per barrel for family and
f 3@3 CO for Bakers' ; Washington Bakers', $3
@3 50. ¦¦ :¦'¦:. .:. ¦•. -. - :. '¦•' ¦;--./:_
Millers report a fair demand for Flour.
Flour, and Millstuffs.
. OOTTOLENE— One half barrel, -10%c; three
half-barrels, 10c; one. tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 8Uc per. lb. for
compound and ll%@12c for pure; half barrela,
pure, 12V4c: 10-lb tins, 12V»c; 5-lb tins, 12%c;
3-lb .tins. 12%c. • • - . • • • ->
CURED - MEATS— Bacon. 13c per '; 1b for
heavy, 13%c for light medium, 14%c for light,
1 5c for 'extra ' light and " 16c : f or 1 sugar-cured ;
Eastern ¦ sugar-cured Hams. 14@14%c: .Califor
nia Hams, • 13V>@14c; Mess Beef, ?9fO 50 per
bbl; extra. Mess, $10®10 50;. Family. $11@11 50;
prim* Mess Pork, $15 50@16;. extra 'clear.,^23;
Mess, $18 50@19; Dry Salt Pork, $11 50@12 50;
Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet, $4 75; Smoked Beef,
13%@14c per lb. . . •
. Chicago was strong and much higher on the
day. Trade was not large, but there were more
buyers - than sellers, and \ any .pressure to buy.
would cause a marked advance. -. • -
This market ruled' inactive at 1 previous quo
tations. .-¦•*,¦ ' ¦• • - • • . ' ¦' ¦. ¦ ; ¦?. - '¦•
Provisions.
NEW YORK. April 23. — To-day's transfer
of stocks again reached an aggregate of over
1.000,000 shares, but the animation of the
speculation is entirely deteriorated from the
nearly 2,000,000 shares business of Monday.
There was great variety in the dealings . to
day, but the undertone of the market was de
cidedly heavy all day and the advances in
some portions of the list were Insufficient to
clear up the tone. The weather news from
the 'Western grain regions was the central topic
ot discussion.' Prices were successfully turned
upward during the dealings, the grain carriers
sharing fully in the advance. In the tase of
Atchison the opening rise was 1%, but half
.an hour later, when trading began in the grain
markets with prices strongly advancing, these,
stocks gave way. The Government weather
map was sufficient evidence that yesterday's
hopeful estimates of sufficient- rain to undo
any damage already done were not well
founded. The strong rise in the corn market
also helped to depress stocks, notwithstanding
the unlikelihood' of any accurate knowledge at
this time of the chances of the corn crop. But
the evidence at hand from day to day of the
far-reaching effect of last year's corn shortage
is so impressive that the speculative mind will
evidently be very- sensitive' to' the prospect of
the coming crop of that staple. There was a
renewal of the recent active demand for the I
coalers, the Readings again taking the lead
on the supposition that the settlement of the
wage dispute is Imminent. . When, however, it
was perceived that the strength in this section
of the market had little effect in checking the
•dribbling liquidation of Western railroad stocks
the movement of the coalers ceased and prices
reacted. Efforts were . made on behalf of the
j large speculative leaders to convey the lmpres-
I sicn that the sharp reaction in prices has been
connived at and furthered by manipulation
with th* purpose of shaking off weak specula
tive followers In preparation for a renewed and
stronger upward movement. The market, In
fact, showed the stronger -technical position
resulting from the liquidation of the weaker
class of the lightly margined account:-. The
pressure to. sell was much less urgent and the
fall in prices not so violent, bat the selling Was
no less persistent and the downward tendency
no less constant. The strength of the sterling
exchange market called renewed attention to
the possibility of po!d exports and revived dis- .
cussion of the present heavily expanded credits.
The provision made for the great steamship
. merger, the coming stock conversion by the
1'nited States Steel Corporation, the provision
for the purchase of the Louisville and Xash
v!lle road and the subscription to the Penn
sylvania bond Jfsu* for $50,000,000; indicate
.nonwvof ¦the~heavy-re<t*rtr«nepts upon- ..the pres
ent narrow*)} r«ource<= of the money market.
An Incident of the day was a- sharp rally in
Surar of 4>4'on the expressions of confidence
frcm Washington that an agreement would be
reached on the Cuban reciprocity bill. The
stock dofed with a net gain of SVi- Amalga
mated Copper, Tennessee Coal, the Cotton, Oil
end Virginia-Carolina Chemical stocks. Inter
national Silver preferred and a number of
minor specialties were strong. Thera was
strength also among a number of minor rail
road Ftocks on the ground of : their strong
strategic . position. The Wisconsin Central
stocks, the Toledo. St. Lou's and Western '
stocks and the Detroit Southern stocks "were
In this class. The market closed heavy. Con-
Folidated Tobacco 4s were strong and active.
Otherwise the b^nd market was irregular.
Total sales. $4,790,000.
l.'nited States bonds were all unchanged en
the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison GO. COO fel'/i 79>4 7!>%
Atchison pfd ...... 0.900 98% 97% 07%
Baltimore & Ohio.. -14,400 lOJVi 1«S J08H;
Baltimore & O pfd 05
Canadian Pacific .. 23,500 125% 124Vi 124%
Canada Southern .. 3,100 . «1% 00 flO
Chesapeake & Ohio 4.000 47% 47Vi 47%
Chicago & Alton.. 1.100 38 37 V* 37%
Chicago & Altn pfd 100 7C»,i 70>/i 70
Chic Ind & iouie. 1.600 <W? 4 «3V4 GO
Chic Ind & Le pfd. 700 80 SO 80
Chicago & E III 167
Chicago & ~t West 0,300 20 25 25^
Chic & G W A pfd :«X) SS# . 88 8(5
Chic & G W B pfd. 100 47% 47^ 40
Chicago & Nwestrn 3,200 252 249 - 249%
Chicago R I & Pac 3.000 172%- 171 171 Vi
Chicago Trm & Tr. 2.400 21% H0\' s . 21
Chic Trm & Tr pJd 2.800 :Vi% 37 39
C C C ft St Louis. 1.400 105% 104 >4 104
Colorado Southern. 4.20O 31% 29% 30%
Colorado So let pfd 74
Colorado So 2d pfd 2.100 45V« 44V6 44%
Delaware & Hudsn 1,800 175Vi 173& ITll
Dela Lack & West 400 290 2!>0 . 285
Denver & R Grnde 800 44 43 & 44
Denv & R Grde prd CCO 92 • 02 «l%
Krie 41.300 40% 39% 3»%
Erie 1st pfd 9.C00 70% 70 69%
Erie 2d pfd 200 50>/S 53U 54%
Gt Northern -d 184
Hocking Valley.... 1.300 S3% 83 83
Hocking Vail pfd.. 100 SI 91 91
Illinois Central 6,000 148% 146 Vi 140VS
Iowa Central 300 48% 48Vi 48
Iowa Central pfd.. 700 87»4 87 8C%
Lake Erie & West. 200 (17 Vi 07 H- «7»,>i
L Erie & "West pfd 128
Louisville & Nash. 5.JKJ0 127% 126 12(i%
Manhattan L ;. 14,900 T.Hihi 134% 134%
Metropolitan St Ry 500 153% 1C2»,^ 152V4
Mexican Central... 5,100 29% 28% 28%
Mex National, tr. 4,900 20% . 19^ 19>^
Minn & St LouU.. 400 112V, 112 112
Missouri Pacific... 31.CC0 101% 99% 90%
Mo Kansas & Tex. COO 25% 25Vj 25%
Mo Kans & Tex pfd 1.C00 OG 55% 65%
New Jersey Central 2.300 195 192 . 192
New York Central. 2.700 158 136% 158%
Norfolk & Western 3,200 09 C8 1 /* 58
! Norfolk & W pfd SO
1 Ontario & Western 14,4(X> 35 34«4 XIV*
Pennsylvania 13,200 151 "£ 151 151 ,
Reading 20H,fcOO 07% «5% «<!»4
, Reading 1st pfd... 12,300 87 85 86
Reading 2d pfd.... 39.700 73^i 71% 72
, Si Louis & S Fran. 2,000 «9U K7y> <\7V.
¦¦ St L & S F 1st p:d 100 83% 81% 83
St L & S F 2d pfd 1,400 73% 72% 72%
St~ Louis S western 300 27% 27% 27 Ji
St L Swestrn pfd. 1.400 00% CO CO
St Paul .: 32,100 1C8% 107% 108
St Paul pfd....... 700 191 ,190% 190 -
Southern Pacific... 47. 1C0 07% ««% 66^
Southern Railway.. 21,700 37% 3rt\i 38%
Southern Ry pfd.. 1.100 90 95% 95%
Texas & Paciflc... 4,900 42%' 41% 41"i
Toledo St L & West 2.200 23?L 22% 22%
Tol St L & W pfd. 4.100 41 VI 39% 40%
Union Pacific .... G5.*00 104% 102% 103
Union Paciflc pfd.. 2.200 88% 87% S7%
Wabash 4.900 25% 25 25%
Wabash pfd ...... 3,200 44% 44% 44%
Wheel & Lake Erie , 300 20% 20% 20%
Wheel & L E 2d pf 100 33% 33% 33%
Wisconsin Central. 7,000 ! 27% 26 26%
Wisconsin Cent pfd 300 49% ... 48% 48
'Express companies —
Adams 204
American 230
United States ; 118
Wells-Fargo 218
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Cop. 3fi,C00 07 65% 00%
Am Car & Foun... 1,400 29% " 29 28%
¦ Am Car & Foun pf 800. *9% 89V4 89%
Am Linseed OH. . .' " 1.900 25% • 24% ! 24 -
Am Linseed Oil pfd 2.400 57 65% 55%
Am Locomotive ... 14.800 36% 35# '35%
Am Locomotive pfd 7,000 08% ' 07% 08-
Am Smelt & Refln- 3.100 44VJ 43% '¦ 44%
aS Smelt &.Rpf.' 1.200, 05% 95% 05%
Anaconda Win Co. . 100 113^ 113% 113
Brooklyn Rap Tran 14,000 6< % C6% , C7%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 23.600 10C% 105^ 106%
Consolidated Gas. ..17.400 226 223%. 224^
Continental Tob' pf... 1.000 120 118% 120
General Electric -COO 327 326 325 •
Hocking Coal ..... 1.400 21 >4 20U 20U
inumatlonal. Pap.. 3.200 22% .. S l« 22**
International, P pf. 1,000 75% 74% 75%
Internati»nal. Pow., 0.200 188^4 180% 185%
K CSouthern....:-' 5,200 26% • 25% 26
K C Southern pfd. 7,900 61% 69 59%
Laclede Gas ¦ ¦ " • 89
National Biscuit:.. 100 .50% 50% 50%
National Lead..... 200 18% 18% 18'J
National Salt ........; .'. '20.
Nczu York Stock Market
, . •-', , UNITED STATES BONDS.
BId.Aak. Bid. As'*.
4s or- coup. .111*1112 4s ar c (new) 130 H 139 %,
4s qr Teg... 111*4111% 3s qr coup..l00%110
•;':¦¦ '.. . MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala AW 5s. 00 — Oc SS Co 5s. — 100
'Bsry^CPC 6s. 107% — Omnibus 6s. — 5 —
Cal-st '5S....117 — Pac O Im 4s. 96%100i4
C Costa 5s.. 110^ — Pk & CH 6s.lO7 .110
Ed 1. & P 6s. — — Pk & OR 68.117 / 120
;Fer&C H 6s. — • 123 Pwl-st R 6s. — —
Geary-st 5s. — — Sac EGR 53.103 —
;H.C&S 5%s. — — - SF & SJV38.121 —
•Do- 5s 97% — Sierra Cal 6sll5 113*fi
L Ans R 5s.ll8%U<» S P of A 6s
L A L Co 6s.lO3 105 (1009) . . . .113H —
Do gtd 6s..— — (1910) 1X4% —
'¦ Do gtd 5s.l02%104 S,P of C 6s
L A & P 6s.lO2% — ; (1005)Sr A.106% —
: Do 1cm 58.102% — (1005)Sr B.107% —
Mkt-st C.6s. — 130 (190C) 100 110
Do lcm 5s.l21 121% (1912) 119%121
N R of C 63.112 — S P of C 1st
Do 5s .... — 121% c gntd 53..120
N Pac C5a.l09'A110% Do stmpd.lll»i —
N R Cal 5s.ll4£ — SP Br Cal 6s — 139%
Oak Gas 6a.H2%113% 8 V Wat 6a. — 111%
Oak Tra 6s. 124 — Do 4s 2dm. — 10SS
Do 1st c5s. — 115% Do 4a 3dm.— 102ft
Oak W 6' 5s.lO8% — Stkn G&E6S.102 104
' .. .'¦ ". ')¦¦ WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 77 77% .Port Costa.. 63% 66
Marin Co.,.. 60 — | Spring Val... 02% 03
gas "and electric. •>-.:*
Cent L & P. 2*6 — * Pac Light ..43 —
Eqt G L Co. 3& — Sac E G&R.. — 35
Mutual ¦ — 4H S F a & E. 44U 44Ti
O G L. & H. 61 C2U, 8 F G L Co. 8%, 6
Pac G Imp.. 37*1 SS% Stktn G & E. S —
- INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.262%270
I BANKS.
Amer B & T.105 — jFlrst Natlonl — —
Anglo-Cal .. 90 90& L P & A 167%170
California ..425 427 Mer Ex (liq) 18% —
Cal Safe Dp.119% — tS 5* Natlonl. 140 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ....1980 2300 ;Sav & Loan.. — 95
Humboldt .. — — ISecurlty Bav.330 375
Mutual Sar.. 80 — jUnlon Trst.1823 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..170 185 1 Market .....100 —
Geary — 60 I Presidio ....55 —
POWDER.
Giant 79}i TJUi tVIgorit ..... S S\Z
SUGAR.
Hana .. 3% 4 (Kilauea .... — - .-8^
Hawaiian -.33 — Makawell ... 24 24 Vj
Honokaa ... 10% — Onomea .... » —
Hutchinson . 12% 12% Paauhau ... 10% —
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.158%160 Pac A F A. 2% —
Cal Fruit As.102 103 Pac C Borx.165 —
Cal Wine A».lC0%101% Par Paint... 19 —
Oceanic S Co 32 3S\i -;;;...'
Morning Session.
Board — . . J- .. _l 'lL'
15 Contra Costa Water............. J7 00
5 Contra Costa Water «6 8^
10 Contra Costa Water 76 i5
25 Makaweli 24 00
ICO Paauhau S P Co 11 00
15 Pacific Gas Imp 87 BO
$1000 Sierra Ry of Cal «a 115 0O
60 Spring Valley Water 92 13
Afternoon Session,
i Board — • __ ..
60 Contra Costa Water 77 00
85 Contra Costa Water 77 25 ¦
10 Hutchineon S P Co 12 12^»
5 Oceanic S S Co 32 00
$5000 Sierra Ry of Cal 6s 115 00
' 5 Spring Valley Water 82 8714
60 American Bank & Trust Co. .'...106 00
S50CO S P Branch Ry 6s 139 25
$4000 U S 3a bonds (coup) 109 25
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
-: ' ' Morning Session. .' . '-'4 \
Board— \s:-:\ . &£:>*,
200 Cala-Standard 21
30O Monarch of Arizona 17
4000 Petroleum Center 13
300 Sterling J «2
400 Sterling ...•• } f«*i
100 Sterling, b 30 1 60
Afternoon Session.
.;;.•.. Board — , 'i-'J—-**
500 Lion, b 30 « 07
600 Piedmont • ....¦ 08
100 Sovereign, s 90 ..........' 31
300 Sovereign • 82
100 Sovereign, a 90 82
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In th» Baa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
- Morning Session.
300 Belcher ...... 08 200 Ophlr 1 SO
100 Con Cal & V.I 30 600 Bavag* 12
1000 Gould & Cur. 05 100 Sliver Hill... 45
Afternoon Session.
100 Caledonia ..: 41 300 Overman «... 21
100 Caledonia ... 40 1C0 Potott 25
100 Chollar IS COO Silver Hill... 43
The following were the sales In the Paclflo
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Chollar ...... 18 300 Mexican ..... 47
200 Con Cal & V.I 30 200 Ophir 1 30
200 Justice 04 300 Silver Hill... 45
Afternoon Session.
200 Chollar .. 18; 300 Potosl ......* 25
100 Con Cal & V.I 30l 200 Sierra Nev... 23
.200 Ophir 1 32V&i 200 Union Con... 23
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 23 — t p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha". 02 03'Justlce 05 09
A ta. ........ — 05|Kentuck ..... — 01
Anaes 03 05lLady Wash .. — 04
Belcher 07 OOlMextcan 43 49
Best & Belch. 24 25 Occidental ... 11 IS
Bullion 02 03 Ophlr 1 3O 1 35
Caledonia ... 40 42 ! Overman .... 20 22
Challenge ... 15 IJJPotosl 25 2*
Chollar 17 13 Savage 12 13
Confidence ... 60 65 Scorpion ..... — 04
Con Cal & V.I 30 1 35 Beg Belcher.. 01 03
Con Imperial. — 01 Sierra Nev... 23 24,
Con New Yk. — 02 Silver Hill... 42 44
Crown Point. 07 08 St Louis 06 —
Eureka Con.. 18 — Syndicate ... 07 —
Excheauer ... — 01 -Union Con... 22 24
SouTd&Cur 05 06 Utah 04 05
Hale & Norc. 20 22. Tellow Jacket 0». 10
Julia — 0* ¦ ¦ .
Repeal of th9 Tea Tax.
Some time ago when the announcement
was made that Congress had repealed tho
¦war tax of 10 cents per pound on Import
ed tea, the repeal to go Into effect on and
after January 1. 1903, Customs Collector
Stratton Inquired of the Treasury De
partment whether tea In bonded ware
houses could be withdrawn free of duty
after January 1. 1903, for consumption.
The reply was received yesterday from
the Secretary, of the Treasury to the ef
fect that teas which have been in ware
house not more than three years may be
I withdrawn for consumption free of duty
t after January, 1903.
E More Discharging Inspectors Needed.
-United States Customs - Surveyor Spear
' has asked through Collector Stratton for
an increase of ten discharging Inspectors
In'tfce present force.- Spear urges that th©
enormously, increased business at this
port during ; the past three years renders
the additional heli> a necessity. ¦
WEDNESDAY, April 23.-2 p..,.m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHAJIGE,
The Situation in Wall Street.
CURRENT FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND
FUTURE PROSPECTS.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"There has been a decided increase in specu
lative activity during the past two weeks. This
could not be entirely attributed to the Louisville
and Nashville incident, though that may have
been a stimulating factor. The principal cause
has been the prospective improvement in mon
etary conditions. Local bank reserves may be
low just now, but the turning point has been
reached; currency will soon return from the In
terior with increasing freedom, relieving the
loan situation from fear of natural stringency
for several months to come. Very likely the
money market will now work along fairly com
fortably until the crop movement begins; as
suming of course that no seriously untoward
events occur during the next three months. The
effect of the recent Russian and Biritlsh loans
upon the international financial markets can be
fairly measured. The former Is not a factor
of importance: the latter will be issued so
gradually as not to produce any material dis
turbance. Possibly at a later date we may ex
port fair amounts of gold to Europe on account
of American investments in consols, but In view
of our large supply of gold and the increasing
production of the same this need cause no un
easinees. The approach of peace, moreover, in
South Africa will stimulate the production of
gold In that quarter, and so tend to divert de
mand from this section; the world's money
markets thus being In an easier condition than
for some time past.
"A -very Important event from the American
point of view was the repeal of the war tax
bill imposed at the outbreak of the war wlih
Spain. This repeal of superfluous taxes will of
course check congestion of funds in the Treas
ury, which had been a serious financial menace
ever since the war closed. The only effectual
means hitherto of releasing funds withdrawn
unnecessarily by taxation was by the purchase
of bonds; a taoet objectionable method, because
it constantly diminished the basis of national
bank circulation, and so forced a further ulti
mate contraction of the currency: to say noth
ing of the folly of the Government paying un
necessarily hiph prices for its own bonds. The
repeal of the war taxes, therefore, removes a
serious element of disturbance, which had It
been allowed to continue would sooner or later
have involved the country in fresh financial
spasms. The avoidance of such a contingency
1e a distinct aid to confidence.
"•These two factors, then — the improved
monetary conditions and the passinjr of Louis
ville and Nashville under Morgan control — seem
to have been the signals for a revival of specu
lative, activity, which promises to continue for
some time to come. Many of the big leaders
have returned from their Southern trips; the
large holders ,are known to be favoring an up
ward irovenreat ;. there is an excellent demand
for desira lie Investments, which are scarce and
firmly held: trade conditions are good: railroad
prosperity apjjears unchecked, and so far crop
conditions, ore. iiUilac^u — \Vh*n - the_ Bwer
war i« ever, and the w&Fte of about fJUG.tKXK
OOO yearly stopp*Hi.' thi? country will be the 'bet- 1
ter off; so frill the army of about 15<i.000 men.
a large portion of whom will be released for
productive employment, possibly l:i South
Africa. Tnder such conditions it Is not sur
prising that some of the restless spirits who.
have acquired large wealth may (Ml to dis
tinguish themselves in the stock market. Con
servative operators may not approve of all their
actions, but they are not likely to do otherwise
than quietly eacourafe an upward movement
in the market in spite of the high level of
prices.
•'For such reasons I anticipate a much raore
active market. Sharp irrerularitles are likely
to occur because U p situation is not as satis
factory ac a year and realiztions must fol
low; yet there are present a!l the elements nec
essary to active speculation, in vrhlch the rail
roads are entitled to a decided preference. The
Incut-trial* ehould be left severely alone. A keen
outlook must be kept upon the crop situation.
A cood harveFt would insure another year of
general prosperity. A partial failure would
jproduce unwelcome results."
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRAXC1SCO. April 2.1—0 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared \rith those of same date
last, season, and rainfall in the last twenty
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — • 24 Hours. Season. SeaiK>n.
Eureka 0.00 47.61 44. €9
Red Bluff Trace 2a. Kl 22.<18
Sacramento „.. Trace 1A.32 17..*')
Pan Francisco 0.21 17.61 1R.O9
Fresno Trace 'Xfi.4S 1O.TO
Independence 0.00 4.29 5. SI
fian Luis Obispo 0.00 21.33 27.87
Los Angeles 0.00 10.52 34.18
San Diego 0.00 6.11 10. CC
San Francisco cata: Maximum temperature,
5S; minimum. 49; mean. 54.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peraturcs were reported from Eastern stations;
Boston ..' W-42'Kansas City 6K-40
Cincinnati . .'. M--56 Duluth 34-28
Philadelphia *6-«4 Omaha 52-£!
Jacksonville KO-64 Chicago 70-40
Washington ?*0-fifl.r-t. Louis ...; 76-44
New Tork 84-C6 SaJt Lake City ..'. 50-30
THE COAST RECORD.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has fallen nearly two-tenths of
an inch during the past twenty-four hours
over the greater jjortlon of the coast. A mod
erate depression overlies Nevada and Utah and
cor.dltions are favorable for light rains Thurs
day over the gTeater portion of California.
Showers have fallen along the coast in the
vicinity of San Francisco and in the great val
leys from Fresno to Red Bluff. '. i
The temperature continues 10 degrees below
the normal in the Sacramento Valley.
The rainfall during the month of- April -at
San Francisco to date exceeds two-thirds of
an inch.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 24:
Northern Csllfornia — Cloudy unsettled treath
t-r Thursday with «howers, warmer In the val
ley: fresh westerly winds.
Southern California — Cloudy unsettled weath
er Thursday, probably showers; fresh southwest
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy unsettled weather Thursday,
warmer; fresh westerly winds.
Pan Francleco and vicinity— Cloudy unsettled
weather Thursday with ehowers, wanner; fresh
southwest wind?.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official
Con Cal & Va.... 1 25 Savage 10
Dead wood Terra.. 70. Sierra Nevada.. .. 20
Horn Silver 1 40 Small Hopes 45
Iron Sliver 70 t-tandard 3 43
Lead vi lie Con 05 1 *•
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — do prefd ... 02-%
Call loans . . ..3%@4>S Westingh Commn.112
Time loans 4@5 Mining —
Bonds — Adventure 22
Atchison 4s 103 Allouez .......;.. 3»i
Gas lsts &G Amalgamated ... 06%
Mexican Cent 4s.. {.a Bingham 3t>%
N E G & Coke... 53 >i Calumet & Hecla.575
Railroads — Centennial 19
Atc.hison "9 % i Copper Range 160 Vi.
do prefd il~%iDom Coal 137%
Boston & Afbany.204 iFranklin 11
Boston & Maine.. 195 ilsle Royale 12',i
Boston Elevated.. lUb IMohawk b5%
N Y N H & H 22<t%'Old Dominion ;.. 19%
Fitchburg pfd 146 :Osceola t>2«-i
Union Paciflc 103 {Parrot 26%
Mexican Central.. &»%"Quincy 125
Miscellaneous — i Santa Fe Copper. 2%
Am Sugar 126 Tamarack .*175
do pfd US Trlmountain . . .€. 35
Am Tel & Tel 178U Trinity 13*4
Mass Elec 44»a United States 21 V*
jo prefd .. d7 Utah 22%
NEG&Coke.... 4 </ictoria ;5%
United Fruit . .\ ..10U Winona 2 ] A
US Steel 41% Wolverine 52.%
LONDON CLOSING STOCKS.
Cons for money. 94 7-16 N Y Cent. ..166%
Do for acct 94% N & W 60%
Anaconda 5% Do pfd 02
Atchison 82Va Ontario & W 35%
Do pfd 101 Pennsylvania .... 77%
Bait & Ohio 110% Reading '... 33%
Canadian Pac ...127% Do 1st pfd 43%
Ches & Ohio 48% Do 2d pfd 86%
Chic G W 20 Southern Ry 37%
Chic Mil & St P.. 173% Do pfd OS
D & R G ,. 45% Southern Pac 69%
Do pfd 94% Union Pac 106%
Erie 41 Do pfd 00%
Do 1st pfd. 71% U S Steel 43%
Do 2d pfd 57 Do pfd 97
111 Central 151% Wabash 26
L&N 120 | Dopfd.... 45
M K & T 26% Spanish Fours ... 78J4
Do pfd 55% i
Bar silver, dull, 23%d per ounce. s *
Money." 2»,ift3 t*r cent. - — "-^ST"- *~ • V*.
' The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2% per cent.
Th> rate of discount in the open market for
three months' bill is 2 11-16©2% per cent*- »
Total sales l,200,S00 . ¦ .;',
.NEW YORK BpNDS. '
U^ r « f 2s reg 109%, L & N Unl 4s.VY.102
Do 2s coup 109% Met Cent 4s. . . . . 83%
Do 3s reg...... 108% Do i£ t inc.... 33%
Do 3s coup 100% Minn &' St L 4S..105
Do new 4s reg. . 138 M K & t 4s . ".' . „ . 100%
Do 4s coup..... 130 »/i Do 2ds......... 84
Do old 4s reg... 111% N Y Central lsts.104
Do 4s coup 111% Do gen 3%s....lO9
Do Cs reg 105% N J Cent gen 5s.. 141
Do 5s coup 107 Northern Pac 4s. .105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103% Do 3s 74%
Do adj 4s . . 74 N & W con 4s 101%
Ba ' 1 & Ohio 4s... 102% Reading Gen 4s.. 99%
£° 3 %s 06% S L & I M con 4s.ll7%
Do conv 4s 10S St L & S F 4s. ..101
Canada Sou 2ds..lO8» St L SW lsts 100%
Cent of Ga 5s.... 112% Do 2ds... 8C%
Do 1st lnc 87% S A & A Pass 4s. 91%
Ches & Ohio 4%s.lOS% Southern Pac 4s.. 95%
Chic & Alt 3%s.. 84% Southern Ry 5s.. 122%
C B & Q new 4s. 96 Tex & Pac lsts.. 121
C M&S P gen 4.S.116 Tol St L & W 4s. 83%
C & N con 7s 136% Union Pac 4s 105%
C R 1 & P 4s 112% Do conv 4s 108%
CCC&St L gen 4s.lO4% Wabash lsts* 120
Chic Ter 4s 90 Do 2ds 110%
D & R G 4s 104 Do deb B 70
Erie prior lien 4s. .100% West Shore 4s 113%-
Do Gen 48 87% Wh & L E 4s 92%
F W & D C lsts.. 115V> Wis Cent 4s 93%
Hock Val 4%s... 111% Con Tob 4a...... C7%
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 1 Little Chief ...... 11
Alice 50 Ontario 8 75
Breece 50Ophir 1 15
Brunswick Con... 15 Phoenix 00
Comstock Tunnel. 05 Potosi ...*. 20
FRUITS— Apricots, 9@10c for ' Royals and
10@13c for standard to fancy Modrparks;
Evaporated Apples, .8@9c; sun dried,"; 5c;
Peaches, 0%@S%c; Pears.. C@9c; Plums, pitted;
5@Cc; unpltted, 1%@2%c; - Nectarines, 5%@6c
for red and 5%®6c for white; figs, 3%@4%c for
black and 5%@6c for white. . l i" '. ¦; ~-- .,'-; ¦:
1 PRUNES — 1901 crop are quoted; as follows:
30-40's, 0%@6%c; 40-50"s; 5@5V4c; 50-60's, 4%
@4%c; 60-70's, 4(S4%c;- 70-80's, 3%@3%c;'80
90's, 3@3%c; 90-100' s. 2%@2%c per 1b.
' RAISIN S — Seeded, . 3-crown. . 8c ; 2-crown, C%
@7%c; Loose. Muscatels, <5%c for 4-crown and.
5Vic for seedless; 3-crown. 6c; 2-crown,- 3%c;
Seedless; Sultanas,: GUc for unbleached and ity
S%c for bleached. Clusters — Imperials, $3; De-r
hesa, $2 50; Fancy, ¦ $1 50; London Layers,'
$1 25@1 35. . - ... . ' ¦-. f ¦'. ¦¦ ¦ i
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, ll%e; No.
2, C%@7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c;.. No. 2, 7c;
Almonds. 10%@12c for . papersheil, 9@10c for
softshell and (i@7c for hardshell; Peanuts, 5#7c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, .12®12%c; Filberts,
12®12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $3,60®5.
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@llc
for ¦ light .: amber; water white extracted, 5@
5%c? light- amber extracted.'. 4@4%c; dark, 4c.
-BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. .
Dried Fruits, : Nuts and Rais ins*
CHICAGO, April 23.— Wheat went booming
from the very start. There were numerous
bullish Incentives and the 'crowd turned bullish
to a. man. Cables started out strong and ad
vanced. This was unexpected and . started the
upturn. Then came the crop damage scare that
set every one buying. The rains in the winter
wheat belt yesterday, though enough to allay
tho heat, were reported far from' sufficient to
savo crops. Added to this came the weather
report that freezing temperatures would- prob
ably be reached in some sections of the South
we-t to-night. Receipts also were exceedingly
llg. I and argued rapidly decreasing stocks.
Higher outside markets augmented the upturn.
Reports, both Government and private, - per
sisted in the advice that . the . crops were being
badly- damaged. The -millers' association of
Kansas- reported the crop . of . that State at a
condition of ">tj. Indiana wafe said to be suffer
ing and advices stated that from. 20 to 25 per
cent of. the sown fields would be plowed up.
There was a lot of liquidation for profits on
the early advance, but commission house buying
started renewed spurts. .The wheat traders
were seriously aroused over the critical condi
tion of the crop and bought with the convic
tion that there "was money in it." Trade was
enormous, possibly as large as on the big bull
campaign last December. . There was practical
ly no time when the market was not advanc
ing—and at big jumps. May opened ] 4@%'c
up at 74%Sf"5c and soared to uc, closing very
streng and excited, 2 V»c up, at 70%c. ¦ '
j Corn had the influence of . the wheat boom
to start it advancing, but the real bull incen
tive in j this pit - mi the renewed heavy buy
ing by the big commission houses, which. It
was reported several weeks ago. were trying
to corner July options. Wall street is said to
be behind this crowd and as the big lines were
accumulated "tailers" followed and bought
feverishly. The market . was strongest at the
close. May closed strong, 2%c up at 64%c. -
Oats were strong, throughout the session on
the influence of the strength in the other grains
May closed l%c up at 41%c. - ..
Hog products had a strong and advancing
market, influenced by a steady hog market and
the grain bulge. May i>ork dosed 30c higher-
May lard 17%c up, and May ribs I5®i ( y»c
Wghor. • '
¦/The leading futures ranged as follows:
Barley and Corn doing belter in sympathy' with Wheat. ; ; •
Oats firm, in sympathy with the other grains. Rye still dull.
Hay soft, owing to the showers. Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans improving again. Seeds neglected.
Butter and Cheese weak, with accumulating slocks.
Fine Eggs rather firm and the lower grades easy.
Provisions higher at Chicago, but unchanged here.
No further change in the Mcatjnarkct. *
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables steady^ *
Not much change in Poultry and Game.
Oranges and Lemons in increasing supply and weak.
Strawberries bringing high prices.
Local stocks and bonds quiet.
Shipment of $121,995 *» specie to China. • :
Silver. .continues to recover. Sterling Exchange firmer.
Wheat slightly higher, with increased activity.'
Chicago Grain- Market.
SUMMARY OF THE .MARKETS.
National Salt pfd. ......»¦ .... .... 69%
North; American... 1,400 129 128 •¦" 127%'
Pacific Coast...... : .-¦ ;.. (59
Pacific Mail ...... 300 42% , 42% 7 42 ¦
People's Gas .... 700 103% 103% 103%
Pressed Steel Car. .- 100 41%-, 41%. , 40J,i
Pressed St Car pfd 400 ,84% 84 '• 84
lullman Pajace Car 300 237 236. :235' ¦'¦
Republic Steel .;.. 2,500 19% . 19% 19%
Republic Steel pfd. 3,000. 74% -74 '',744k"
bugar 49.100 127 - v 123% 125%
T T el jn Coal & Iron.. 82,S00...73%- 70% 73%
Un on Bag & Pap. , 300 ,16' V 10 : 15%
Union Bag -&P pfd ¦ ioo 80 '¦¦. SO . . 80
U S Leather. ...... 1,500 12% s •• 12%' 12%
U.f-RSb£r rpM " - 000 «B%V'.8S*--'f2»
U S Rubber pid'.'.'. '.'..'.' I:" DlV
fr % S J? e \ • •: 13,800 42% * 41% "41%
U S fated pfd 6,100 92% 02% 02%
Western Union.... 93 92% '92%
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
/ . CALL BOARD SALES., !
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. •
Second Session — May — 8000 ctls, 90c. Decem
ber— 2000, 78V.C. . . * -
. Regular Morning Session — -December — 2000
ctls, 78%c. ' . ¦.. ¦ ' .'.¦¦•¦¦•. - .
Afternoon Session — May — 2000 ctls, '00%c;
2000, 00%c. -
December— 2000 ctls, 78c; 10,000, 78 %c.
OATS— The market is firmer, both' here and
at Chicago, in sympathy with the other grains,
though prices show no advance. The cash de
mand at Chicago is good. ',¦-
Grays, $1 30@l 40; whites, $1 30@l 45; Sur
prise, $1 40@l 45; black, $1 12%@1 C2%; red,
$1 30@l 42% per ctl. ¦ ; • .: •-•• r
CORN — Chicago advanced from G2'4c to
64%c, with a good cash demand. There was
a' rush to buy on the Board of Trade, the Gates
party leading. St. Louis rose l',4c. ._
This market was stronger in sympathy with
Chicago and St. ; Louis, and a speculator, en
tered the market and cleaned it up of all good
dry ..Corn, taking several thousand',, sacks.
Prices advanced slightly under, his purchases
and the feeling was very firm. ¦ • ¦ ¦ -. ;
Large Yellow, $1 35@l-45;- small round do,
$1 35@1 50; White, $1 40@l 47% per ctl. :
RYE— 90@95c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65@1 75 per
ctl. , . ' v
Informal Session— 0:15 o'clock— May — 4000
ctls, $1 12. December— 6000, $1 0DV1; 10,000,
$1 ooi^. ¦¦-¦¦¦¦: • ¦ -¦.. ¦¦ -• ••
Second Session— May— 6000 ctls, $1 12%. De
cember—C000, $1 09%; 4000, $1 00%; 8000,
$1 09%. . :.:¦' ' ¦ ¦-•-¦¦
Regular Morning Session — December-— 10,000
ctls, $1 10; C000, $1 09%. . May— 6000, $1 12%.
¦ Afternoon Session — December — 18,000 ctls,
$1 09%:. 0000, $1 09&4. -.¦¦¦' - \
BARLEY — Was firmer in : sympathy with
wheat. . There ,was more buying demand and
quotations advanced another' fraction. .
Feed, i)5®97^c for No. 1 and 93 %c for off
grades; brewing and shipping . grades, 97%c@
$1; Chevalipr, ?1@1 20. h.J.Ai ¦..' .... .,
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Liverpool [futures were higher and
French futures weak. .. > ¦•'¦ ''
The weather was decidedly unfavorable over
the. wheat area yesterday: and Chicago reflected
it by advancing from 74% c to 76%c. The mar
ket' was 'very (stiff, with light "offerings. South
west damage (reports were more numerous and
emphatic. Buying was excellent, the Southwest
purchasing ': heavily, .. St. • Louis leading. The
Southwestern \ exporters"' were also liberal buy
ers. Minneapolis reported. stocks there decreas
ing at the rate of 100,000 bushels per day.
The weather was cool and cloudy at Chicago
and clear : in the . West, with frosts predicted
over a -large 1 area. It ¦ was : this that gave the
ginger to the market. showers
turned out light, one-third of an inch being the
.heaviest fall anywhere. There was a foot of
snow in the Red River Valley and the Western
and Southwestern showers were followed by
frost and cold high winds. > .'
This market sympathized with the others
and was higher all around, with more business.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 HVi@112&; mill
ing,. $1.13%®! 15. per -ctl.- ...
Wheat and Other Grains,
favored buyers to-day. ¦ At ¦ London tin prices
closed Cs net lower, with spot at £125 lusr and
futures at £ 122 7s Cd.' At , New { York ; the bid
price was lower, about; 25 points, to $27 25®
27 37% for spot, the tone ruling easy.' ¦:••:. '.\. ¦
Copper was easier generally, with sales of
50 tons standard, for Jul- delivery at $11_ 15,.
closing with BpotTat .511@11 25 and June-July
at $11 10@ll 20. Lake closed : at : $11 75®
$12 25,i electrolytic at $11 55@12 and casting
at $12. London :. was • 10s lower at £52 5s for
spot and futures. ..,„,,./ ¦"*-<•
Lead was steady here at $4 12%. but at Lon
don lower prices were in force, the metal de
clining to £11 15s. :•*'->: . :f». '„.;» ¦ ¦ "¦:
Spelter ruled easy here at' $4 42% 'and un
changed at steady prices at London at £18. B
The New Tork iron - market was steady and
unchanged. Pigiron warrants were nominal:
No 1 Northern foundry. $19@20;No. 2 North
ern foundry. $1S@19; No. l'foundry Southern.
$17 50@18; No. *¦ foundry. ¦ Southern, soft,
$17 50@18. : • , ' :i '---'\ _;-•
Foreign metals were lower. Glasgow closed
at 54s and Mlddlesboro at 48s 4}£d.
reported . as : high . as $2. Receipts were .29
chest? Longworths, 20 ¦ chests ¦ and 124 crates
of Ma'linda.s. ,> "..•.,. ¦ -\ .• '-¦¦'.'•
'At the Orange ¦ auction 5 cars were sold' as
fellows:- Fancy Navels, $1 50@2 80; choice do,
$1 2D@2 55; standards. 75c@$l 80. Fancy
Lemons sold for $1 SO and Standards for 75®
90c. -.The open market .was easier, as the high
prices have .somewhat checked the demand.
All descriptions. were plentiful, with large sizes
of Navels in; heavy supply and dull. Lemons
¦were weak and stocks were piling up all over
tho market. • Offerings of Grape Fruit were
not large, but. there was -very little Inquiry for
what was on the market.
STRAWBERRIES — Longworths, $10@12 per
chest; Mallndas, ?4@7 . per chest and $1@1 50
per crate'.*' • -¦¦¦ - ¦•¦¦•¦ ¦ ¦ --'-¦ ¦¦' ¦ " - • 5 >-
APPLES— $2@2 25 per box for extras, $1 25
&X 75 for good to choice and 60c<g$l for or
dinary. ¦ . - • - • . '' ¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 75
for standard. S2ST2 50 for choice and $2 50@3
for r fancy; extra fancy, $3 25@3 40; Seedlings,
$1 25@2; Mediterranean Sweets. $1@2 50; Va
lencia?. $2.75@3; Malta Blood Oranges, $2
@3 ; /Tangerines, ' In quarter boxes. 75c@$l
and $1 2501 60 in half boxes; Lemons. 75c@
$1 for common and $1 25@175 for good to
choice and $2@2 50 for fancy; Grape Fruit. $1
@2 50, including seedless; Mexican Limes, $4 50
@5; Bananas, $2 25@3 per. bunch for New Or
leans and $1 25@2 25 for Hawalians; Pineap
ples, $3@4 per dozen. : '.- . , v> •-.
THE SAN..' FBAiS CISCO' CALL, THURSDAY, APKIL, 24, 19.02.
EASTERN MARKETS.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
"'Receipts of ; Strawberries were moderate and
attractive l<:.ta sold 'readily at ; the- quotations.'
Sales. of. extra. choice Malindas in crates were
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits,
11
Business continued dull on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange, with a decline in
Contra" Costft Water to $70 75. The' oil stocks
continued 'quiet' and easy. -
In the afternoon Oceanic Steamship advanced
to $32. and Contra Costa Water, recovered to
'san'Joaquln Oil and Development will pay a
dividend of 5c to-morrow. " ; .
The Peerless Oil Company, which is. to pay a
dividend of Se.'May. 1. has issued a statement
showing January: deliveries of oil valued at
$11,291. The net income for March was $7863
The April Income is expected, to be 911,850. and
it is thought that in May the amount will reach
$13,000.- .'V- .-.-.. -.r-' :..¦.:.;.;..¦-.--••.¦:.. ;
'Th? following quotations for the United Rail
roads of San Francisco were received yesterday
from- New York by Bolton.-DeRuyter & Co •
Common stock, $24 871/4^25: preferred, $6uS7Vi
@01; 4 percent bonds, ¦ $90 50@92; subscriptions
$101 37%©101 C2Vi: •= ' . . v •
; . The ¦ quarterly dividend of $3 per share, de
clared-by the 'Fireman's Fund Insurance Com
pany. April 21. was payable yesterday.
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
. Wheat No. 2 — : ¦-¦
May 75 :..; 77 • 74% 7GT4
Ju»y •-• ™Vi 7SU 7t>V» . 78V4
September 75% , 7S>i 75«i 78Vi
Corn No. 2 —
May 02% 64% ,C2% 04%
July... lXi% <iti .. , &51/2.. C5%
September ..... (52% 04% (52% 04 ]fe
Oata No. 2—
May 431/i 44% 43% 44%
July (old) :JG>A. "37% 30 37%
July (new) 38% . .TJ ! h 38 3U%
September Sl^i '32v& 31% .32^
Sept. (new) 33vjj .35 .33% 34Ti
Mess Pork, per bbl — v '
May ...... .....1C 50 16 75 16 50 16 75
July ¦. 1»1 «7% 17 00 IB 07% 17 00
September 10 90 17 O7>4 10 90 17 07}i
.Lara, per 100 lbs—
May ....: U 72^ 0 80 * 9 72^6 0 85
July 8 82 Vj 'J i>5.' ' » 82Vj !) 95
September 9 l)2',<, 10 05 v a 92 Vi 10 05
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—. . . .
May 9 07& 9 20 9 07^ 9 20
July,. 9 20 9 37i/» U 20 ¦ 9 37'/2
September S) 27V4 9 45 9 27% 9 45
c s g a £ •*
S Hs sJj *» 3
S eg c3 = ~ t o <o
STATIONS. S 4| Si f| |- I
i I I; ;- f I
Aetorfa SO. 02 56 40 KW Cloudy .00
Faker 2».SS »6 :W NW Cloudy .00
Carson'". '.".. .29. 82 22 22 NE Pt CMy T.
Fureka ...29.«6 58 46 KW Cloudy .00
Free" 29.88 80 40 S Cloudy T.
Flagstaff ....29.90 M 12 SW Clear .00
PocateZlo Ida.2T>.0« 4S 2S SW Rain .08
Inder^ndence 25). 76 CO 32 E Cloudy .CO
Loe Aneeles.-30.O2 68 ,44 SW Clear .00
Phoenix ...... 29. 8S S4 44 V Clear M)
Portland 29.92 €2 42 WW Clear .00
Red Bluff ....28.8* 00 48 SW Cloudy T.
Rosebur*-...-.».»4 C4 3« SW Rain .08
Eacramento 1.29.80 82 46 W Cloudy T.
PaJt Lake...:. 23. S6 58 36 SE Pt Cldy T.
San Franciseo.29.9S 58 48 SW Rain .20
S L. Obispo..30.0* C4 38 8 Cloudy .00
San Diego....: TO. O0 «2 48 NW Clear .00
Seattle ...... .2». 98 56 42 SW Cloudy .00
Spokane 29. 9t 58 38 SW Cloudy T.
Neah Bay ...29.08 54 44 W, Pt Cldy .00
Walla Walla.. 29.90 64 40 S Clear T.
Wirnemucca ."29. 8S W 28 SW Cloudy .00
Yuma 29.88 8« 4* B Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 48 degrees.
AUCTION SALES
v- ¦
Inaugural
Auction Sale
At My New Place,
248 THIRD STREET. ¦ 1
60 Driving Horses
V- . (Gentle and well broken).
BUGGIES. CARTS. HARNESS.
P.OBES, BLANKETS, WHIPS ETC.. ETC.*
All In Perfect Order.
This is a rare opportunity for seekers after
young and fine looking, well-broken horses,
welghicg from 1000 to 1500 pounds; suitable
for all purposes; most of them city broke;
flnn saddle horses, etc., as well as perfectly
matched teams; besides many articles Indis-
pensable to all horse owners.
MONDAY, APRIL 23, 1902. ".
Commencing at 11 a. m. ¦
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGB, "f
Office 246 Third st. near Folsoxn.
(Formerly 721 Howard street.)..
-. WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
' . . .
AUCTION SALE OF
HORSES
AT J. D. HORAN*S STOCK YARDS. COR.
1 10TH AND BRYANT STS.. SATURDAY.
APRIL 26TH, AT 11 A. M..
By order of M. Hartley of Merrill. Oregon*
I will sell IOO broken and unbroken horses,
mares,* young mules and colts.
¦ . .'¦ J. D. HORAK.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 24, 1902.
12
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
DUKIXEfS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, comer of Market and Third etrects: open
until 12 o'clock «>very niglit in the year.
EU.WCH OFFICES — C27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
StH) Haves street ; open until 9 :30 p. m.
1039 McAllister ttreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 l^rk'.u street; open until 9:30 p. rn.
IS 11 Mission etreet; cpen until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
OEtll Jt p. rn.
106 Eleventh strert; cpen until 9 P- n>-
I09C Valencia street; or*n until 'J p. m._
Noi-thwtst corner Twcr.ty-second and Kea-
tucky Ftreets; open until 'J p. m.
2200 Fillmore street: cpen until 9 p. rn.
MEETING NOTICES. _^
A~STATED meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge cf Perfection No. 1, A. and jj"
A., Scottish Kile of Freemasonry. f\
Nwill be held in Commandery Hall. Ma- /©»
ccnlc Temple, on THURSDAY EVEN- G&bW
ING, April 1'4. 1902. at 8 o'clock.
HENRY BUHNER. Secretary.
MISSION' Charter No. 79, It. A. M., — m
Srecial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) J*.
EVENING, 7:."<0 o'clock: P. M. and 1S3C
M E M degrees. By order ot the / »
H. P. JOHN R. H1LLMAN. Sec
CALIFORNIA Lodsre No. 1. F. and A. «
M. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _£±
EVENING Arril 24. at 7:30 o'clock. }Ljl
Second dcfcTte. By order of the Mas- /XT'
ter. FRANKLIN EL DAY, Sec. '
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. *
M. — Special meeting THIS (THURS- £k_
DAY) EVENING, at 7::!'.i o'clock. Sec- }£ jf
ond degree. Fellowcraft Masons cor- '^r •
dlally invited. By order cf the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Sec
SOUTH fan Francisco Lodge No. 212, -
F and A M.. meets THIS (THURS- -»!
DAY) EVENING at 7:::0 o'clock, for l2!5f
third degree. Master Masons are cor- fTw '
dually invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
IXJRIC Lodge No. 21(>. F. and A. M. ft
Hfxcial meeting THIS (THURSDAY) «^V_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- \t jf
gree. By order of the Master. /^r »
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Sec
SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. 3. I. raitwfe*-
O. O F.— Double initiation TO-
JIORROW EVEN-
ING, April 25. Members earnestly '*•'*
requested to attend.
H. L. MEYERS, N. G.
J. W. E. ALLEX. Rec. Sec
ALL Odd Fellows who des!re to oSd^jfifc-
attend the eighty-third anniver-
sary picnic SATURDAY. April rSrSssE?"
26. at Camp Taylor, will kindly vv
meet at the Sausalito ferry In time to take
the U:30 boat. Tickets, ft: children. Me
THE COMMITTEE.
EUREKA Lodge No. 9. K. of -P.. will %£¦
confer the Knight Rank (long form) KA
nl Pythian Castle. 0C9 Market St., <fa6*?€
or. FRIDAY. 23th Inst. All Knights j£2ip
are invited. F. O. UAABE, C. C.
J. W. C. BEATTIE, K. of It. & S.
THE S. F. Scottish Thistle Club . «¦ s.
mwls THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- 3\, £fe lQ
ING at Fraternity Hall, 32 O'Far- "t^^iS*
rell Et., at 8 o'clock; smoker fol-
Iowf. JOHN H McINNIP. Royal Chief.
GEORGE FULLERTON. Recorder.
TO officers and members cf >CiiAN7" > v
Scandinavian Society.— You /SKlc»s$5V
ere hereby notified to at- /g-JgpNgSX
tend the funeral of our Isftss ll&tttl
late member. AUGUST |«iiSj£i§£H|
J. MOLDRUP. TO-DAY XXSe^P^^ll
(Thursday)" at 2 p. m. at Vv^2S|5?»/
his late residence. 1713 Web-
ster st., near Sutter. By
order of
EMIL J. ANDERSON. President
CARL A. HAGSTROM. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— $10 dally, introducing our Brilliant !
Gaslight Burners; families, business houses,
banks, churches, private & public buildings I
l»uj at sight; these burners are what the peo- I
rJc are looking for; they do not require a j
chimneydo break)or wick to trim, & make no I
fmcke and dirt; fit acy coal oil lamp without
tspense or trouble. & produce best cheapest •
& cleanest lisrht; it is a great money maker j
foi agents; 200 per cent profit: -write at onre
Jt get to work right away; sample free. En-
terprise Mfg. Co.. B. S67. Cincinnati. Ohio. :
THERE is but one authentic life of Dr. Tal-
nr.age. and that is by his son and Rev. Mr. j
Banks. D.D. Over 100 exclusive Illustrations. I
I^est book. Best terms to agents. Outfit 15c. I
Address Occidental Publishing Co., Oakland !
Cal. I
AGENTS — Do ycu want sometMug more, profit-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott bldg.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R. W. ICING, atty.. Examiner building room
SIS: all cases: damages, estates, wills, mort-
E£-ges, partnerships, attachments, collections.
etc.; lepal papers drawn; consultation free;
n» advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty ;quick;quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market ?t. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; open every evening; low fees;
all cases. J. M. THURSTON. S19 Market st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar.
kel st.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIICYCLES — For Sale or Exchange.
ALLEN has some Ev.-ell bicycles cheap, dirt
cheap. Call and see for yourself; repairing.
301 Larkin et. and 305 Market st
BIRDS. OOGS. ETC.
WARBLING canaries and all kinds of eong.
talking ana fancy birds; gold fish, pet stock,
cages, globes, aquariums; bird and animal
food of all kinds. 1546 Market et.bet.8th&9tfa.
I)OAHI)1.\« FOR CHILDREN. "
BOARD and care of one or two children; near
school. 204 Golden Gate ave.
BOOKS XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1119 Market; tel. Howard 1946.
ULSINESS CHANCES.
A— f 1100; COR. grocery and bar. with living
rooms and bath, in beet location of the Mis-
6ion; rent $45: a pood paying business, call
R. G. V>ILKE. 26'^ Kearny Et .
A — $1500; SALOON, few doors from Market
et.; first-class paying; established years;
rent $45; elegant fixtures; large stock. Call
It. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $4200; DAIRY produce, delicatessen and ta-
n<al» depot, clearing $400 per month; rent
K130; no better investment in any kind of
business. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $630; SALOON with 7 furnished rooms; rent
*40; place first-class paying; surrounded by
railroad fhops, planing mills and lumber
>ards. Call It. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— DELICATESSEN and fancy grocery in
choicest location of this city; established
tr.any years; large trade; big profits; stock
Invoices about $:i5O0; price $4000; rent f20.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A— $050— BRANCH bakery, variety • store; 4
rms; rect $14; full value. Strand. 209 Kearny.
A — $325 — COFFEE and chop house; receipts 520
day; rent $20; bargain. Strand. 203 Kearny.
A— $57o — DELICACY store; receipts $16 day
rent $18; bargain. STRAND. 209 Kearny st.
A— $200— PARTNER; light, day. office work;
experience unnecessary; earn $75 monthly.
STRAND. 209 Kearny st
A— J175; BARBER ehep. 3 chairs; clears $30
week; 3 rooms; rent $14. STRAND, 209
Kearny Ft.
LODGING-HOUSES, all prices, some as low as
$350 for 10 rooms. 765 Market et.. room 3
Saloons, all pricet. $20C up. Cigar stores
candy stores, branch bakeries. IC7-acre ranch
near Oakland; will trade. Oyster and lunch
cafe on Market; rent free; $450. 3 partners
wanted, $200. $200. $150. All kinds of prop-
E-rty wanted on commission. 7C5 Market r. 3.
$200— PARTNER In profitable, legitimate office
business; established for years; experience not
necessary; investigate. 765 Market, room 3.
$M>O— RESTAURANT on Market: must be eold-
bargain. A. STENBERG. 759 Market St. '
A $350 ¦
RESTAURANT '
Mutt be sold at once; rent only $30. For sale
only by A. STENBERG. 759 Market Bt.
WE have lodging-houses, stores restaurants
laundries, isaloons, hotels, cigar stands and
many other business chances for sale; aliso
Bcity and country real estate for sale or
exchange. Call or write for our free list
HEALY & CARR, 027 Market st. room 2OS.
RESTAURANT— Dally average ?18; good flx-
tures; worth $400: must be sold on Monday;
make offer.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
017 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th and 6th.
A— 30 CIGAR elands; rrtww, $75 i o $*»000-
rente $8 to $125 monthly; profits *2 to $7
daily. HEDGES, 461-462 Parrott building.
$600— RESTAURANT. Market Bt; 30 regular
boarders; ciearfe ?1 50 month, or will take
pertcer; a snap. BROWN. 1221 Market st.
$000 — FOR tale, grocery and notion store; party
v.-ish«i to leave town; good locality; fine
neighborhood. Apply at once, 1124 Chest-
r.ut st. Oakland.
{9000 — FINE grocery and saloon for sale: at
terminus of car lice: with house end 4 lots;
reaecaable to rieht party. Box 4S1£, Call.
PLUMBING eiiop for calc, cheap; joba locality.
1C25 UevJtaie; o st.
nUSINESS CHANCES---ContlMTied._
A— K. KENNY. 75 Third St.. has the following
sale, paying business Investments:
$450 — Fruit, produce and general store,
•clearing $150 per month; trial before buying:
bust location in the State; is realy worth
$lbvO: owner leavins the State.
$450 — Heetauiant. doing a business of over
$40 pet- day, claarins $150 per month; best
location in the city; no night work; low rent;
owner leaving the city.
jfSOO— Partner wanted in a first-class cor-
ner saloon; thoroughly established; tine and
large custom; clearing $2<X) per month; owner
is tired of unreliable barkeepers; will teach
a eood man the business. ,
?10u — Barber shep; a bargain: 2 chairs;
plt-nty of steady work; don't miss this.
$i50 — Grocery and bar in the vicinity of
Fourth and Mission; good trade; clears irom
$75 to S100 per month.
$1000— Boilermakers or blacksmiths or ma-
chinists, attention; partner wanted in a fine
business in the i-outhern part ot tht fatate;
best shop outside of this city; a man of
either of above trades will have a grand
chance to connect himself with a first-class
mechanic and sure future.
$700 — Partner wanted to do the collecLns
and assist in looking after the hired help la
a tine carpenter contracting business; clear-
Ing ?250-$o(K) per month. „—.,., t
For any of above see KENNY. 75 Third st
$350— PARTNER wanted In restaurant; best
location: city front: present. owner Is a prac-
tical cook and prefers good partner to , hired
help. Apply K. KENXY. 7? Third st
A— JOSEPH STRAUB.
S50 Market St., cor. Stockton.
Telephone Grant 177.
Real Estate Agent.
Property Bougjit and Sold.
Rents Collected. . •
Loans Negotiated.
Legitimate Business Agent
A — Good paying bakery in a lively country
town; large store; rent $30; horse and
wagon: 6 Ehow cases; price $500.
A — Saloon and lunch house In wholesale dis-
trict; no night work; price $000.
A — Hotel of 20 rooms; fine opportunity for right
party; 5- year lease; price $2000.
AN experienced merchant, of good standing,
with 2S years' business acquaintance in this
city and on this coast, desires to invest from
S5C00 to $10,000 in a strictly legitimate mer-
cantile or commission business In this city,
where he can furnish his services as well us
capital; advertiser will either buy an interest
in an established business or will join re-
liable parties in starting a new one; propo-
sition offered must stand the most rigid in-
vestigation; all correspendencp will be con-
fidential: references required and exchanged;
will deal with principals only. Address .
••Commercial." box 14SS. Call. '
WHY draw 3 per cent a year from, bank?
We average nearly 6 per cent every week. "
Years doing business and never a loss.
Over 2000 investors here in this city.
Dividends paid every Monday at our office.
You can draw money at any time.
Guarantee larger profits than any other firm.
We accept investments of $10 up.
Write or call for interesting literature. .
American Co-operative Association.
Suite 615, Emma Kpreckels building.
Treasurer's department open evening, 7-8.
$300— PARTNER wanted In light business;
suited to plain, steady man satisfied with $18
to $25 a week; no experience required: no
night or Sunday work; trial given before you
buy. 25 Geary st.. room 4.
GKSTI.EMAN or lady who can reach people
with money to Invest in a company owning
a mountain of low-grade gold-bearing ore
ruperior to Treadwell mine of Alaska; divi-
dends will run lifetime beginning !! month3
after mill starts. If you wish to represent
or Invest In a paying proposition address
room 412. Parrott bldg., San Francisco. Cal.
A GOOD investment— A rr.anufacturins busi-
ness -wants $20,000 additional capital; the
business is well established and paying large
dividends and is increasing to the necessity
for extra capital to allow further and natural'
developments. Add. P. O. box 294. Oakland.
ACTIVE man. with $5000, can establish broker-
age business and use his own money: large
profits; something rare. Box 1421. Call.
GOOD-PAYING bakery business at half value;
good location; good prices; cheap rent; in-
cludinp furniture of 2 rooms; price $250.
1101 Howard st.
VN established paying- medical specialist'? busi-
ness for sale at a bargain; clearing ?5000 a
year: name< lease, good will, furr.iiure. fix-
tures, etc.; all go; opportunity sivm for In-
vestigation to those who mean business; sat-
isfactory reasons for selling. Box 4511, Call.
YOUNG man with $1000 can secure profitable
buslne«s connection with responsible parties
In old-established city business. Box 1408.
Call office.
CIGAR Etcre, 222 McAllister st; owner retir-
ing; sickness; must sell immediately.
RESTAURANT; place for man and wife; very
low rent; good bus.; cheap. Box 1402. Call.
TRANSFER and baggage office: 2 horses and 2
wagons; a bargain. Call at 1C8 Taylor st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch\ffice. 2200 Fillmore.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st. ¦ ¦
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A LODGING-HOUSES
10 rooms; rent $50; modern building;
good furnishings; death cause of sell-
Ing ¦••• $5«)
20 rms.; rent $70; cent. Ice; mixed fur. 1300
23 rms.: rent $56; bay-window house.. 1700
27 rooms; rent $125: lease; fine furn... 3500
S5 rros. • rent $300; location Al; elevator 7000
Lodging-houses and hotfls to suit all
classes of buyers: large list; call and In-
vestigate before buying.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
J 917 Market Bt (upstairs), bet 5th and 6th.
ATTRACTIVE, modern 60 room family -hotel;
every room light and sunny; building new and
fine corner location; 6 private baths; beauti-
ful furnishings (all new); no better house In
the 'city? rent $390; 5-year lease; this elegant
house must be sold on account of 111 health;
fine opening for good hotel people; price
$6000.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD (phone Mint 1911).
No. 917 Market st. (upstairs), bet. 5th & 6th.
GOOD transient house; new furniture. . ..$1SOO
30 rms.: mechanics' hotel; man and wife 750
100 rooms; country; transient; low rent. 6500
3rtO rooms; corner house for men 500.1
50 rooms; offices and rooms; low rent.'.. 3200
35 rms. ; Howard; rent only $65: terms. 1400
44 rooms; man house; rent $15; bargain. 703
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, houses and flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL. 1032 Market st.
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN. 1206 Market st.
We have rooming-houses all sizes and
prices. In all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished. .$850
20 rooms; sunny; good renter 950
8 rooms; sunny flat; earner 200
11 rooms; downtown: g<\od 700
18 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at IVj per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY.
850 Market st. — (Inc.).. Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant houses and
Loan Money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
A. CAMERON & CO..
850 Market st and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22. 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or business
to Bell, list with us; buyers call; we can suit
you; have bargains in hotel3, lodging-houses,
fiats; all zlzcs and prices; In all parts of city.
A^ Near The Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
Money to Loan
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
All for salo on easy terms. Please call.
A— H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at.
Before buying a lodging-house, rooming-
house, boarding-house, hotel find bar, city or
countrv, it will be to your advantage to call
at our office. We do not offer places for sale
unless the value is In eight
12 ROOMS; oak and cherry furn; rent $5.5..?850
7 rooms; fiat; Van Ness; nice furniture.. 550
• 11 rooms; housekeeping; rent $32.. ...... 600
This is a partial list of our bargains. Call, j -
Liberal loans to buyers. Low rates.
HEALY & CARR. 927 Market St., room 208.
ATTENTION — To buy, sell or exchange, call on
A. H. RETSLOFF. phone John 531.
1)06 Market St.. corner Ellis. -
A SNAP — Lodging-house, 21 rooms; Kearny St.;
corner house; best furniture; nets $100 month;
.only $1300. McBRIDE &CO.. 705 Market st
FOR SALE — Roomlng-house.i sunny corner;
Pcwell st; 42 rooms; owner going to Nome;
price $4000. Box 1494. Call office.
WHEN you become disgusted with ¦ poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works, 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
Karlson Karpet Co. — Cleaning 3c yd. ;upholster-
ing.1213 Market bet.8th&9th;tel.Koward 291?.
ADVANCE Cnrpet-cleantng Co., 402 Sutter st. ;
I tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel: Mission 263.
CITY . Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CALIFORNIA Carpet-beating Co.. J. McQueen,
proprietor. 329 Guerrero »t : • tel. Mission 49.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden. Gate ave.; telephone ; East 126. :'
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning. works. 1512 Polk;
- tel. East 725. A. G. KLEINEUT, Prop.
J. E. MITCHELL . Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co., 210 14th Et; tel. lliasion 74.
" SPIRITUALISM.
A— C. V. MILLER, world'." famous materializ-
ing medtum; spirits :.nea'-. face tc face; seance
Tues., Fri., Sun., S p. in.; 50c. 1084 Bush nt.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. meium;
life reader: medical clairvoyant; sittlnars $1; i
letter $2. 1104 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
GRAND materializing: seance to-night. S
o'clock; .$1; only friends admitted. C. V. MIL-
LJSn. 1034 Bush st. ; phone Larkin 4133. ¦
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
_to-night. 005 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
Mrs. Seal, spiritual and bus. medium: tobacco
habit cured or no pay. Avondale. 1424 Market.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis: readings dally;
phone Folk 1601: seance Sunday and Thura.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. E. BERNARD, '
THE FAMOUS >.:<%*
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bids.
1 She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past/reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
j happy or not satisfied in life.- or have domestic.
I love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will^tye told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction .guaranteed. Tel Black 45G0. .,
ISMAR' THE GYPSY~
Has Removed To
1104 Market St.. Corner Turk.
Ismar, the Egyptian seeress, has removed to
more commodious quarters In the Vendome,
1104 Market Et., corner Turk, offices 9 and 10,
where the can be consulted dally on all af-
fairs of life. Hours, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. Sun-
days 10 to- 12 m.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance,
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st, cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guari
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. ¦ •
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading ;ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
A — MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names; 50c-§l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given;. 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
A — Mrs. Melvill, wonderful clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 Cth: German spoken; hours, 9 to 9.
MME. WODGEHSKA, great card reader; read,
dally, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 10c-25c. - 119 Rubs.
MME. HANSEN, well-known clalrvoyant.cards,
palm, 25c; satisfaction guar. 148 Cth, r. 14.
CARD reading and astrology. 14S 6th St., room
22, second floor; horoscopes cast by mall.
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and - high .psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladies-
25c, gents 5Oc; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. 4th.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEO^GE^vT^K^LlI?S~Xgency^-No charge
unless successful. Room 310, 927 Market Ft.
j COTTAGES TO LET.
MENLO (Fair Oaks) — New Cottage,' 7 rooms,
bath, furnished. A. R. HARRISON, 78 Geary.
A — DR. T. S.HIGGINS. 927 Market St* Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up:
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed. $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do flrst-class work only and guarantee it.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plate, bridges
and fillings; extractions or filling by my won-
derful secret, painless method; 20 -ears' ex-
perience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell St.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, S09 Market, con
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.; extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. !t a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, C Turk st. cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators.;
gas given: lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
EON.D.D.S., proprietor and manager, '"::,¦
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5. full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth bt
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fllllnge, 50c.
DR. E. P. SHEPARD. 14 Geary st — Expert
workmanship only; reasonable; hours 10 to 4.
MEYER, 46 O'Farrell. late of 6 Turk stV-
Crown and bridge "work; gas specialist.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. V=r >4 ,.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL DreShiaking and Millinery School";
corset-making taught; patterns cut 1019 Mkt.
' EDUCATIONAL. ., \ ~
I1EALD' S S^H^JL^O^EL^CTRICAL^ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
j practical; day and night. 24 Post st.', S. F.;
j catalogue free. ;
SUMMER term night school for men. Y. M. C.
A. building — Arithmetic, bookkeeping, Eng-
lish, penmanship, stenography and typewrit-
ing, naval architecture, steam engineering;
special tuition for special courses. Call at
Association building for particulars.
A — $50: LIFE scholarship at AYRES' BUSI-
NESS COLLEGE, 723 Market St., pays for
the combined commercial and shorthand
courses: new typewriters; positions secured;
catalogue free.
A^GALLAGHER-MARSH College, indorsed by
all expert court reporters, will remove fiom
Parrot building to more commodious quarters
at 13S2 Market st, on or about May 1, 1P02.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment:
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
• school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President' Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
fler Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall,
ACCOUNTING — Most thorough course on coast;
beginners and . college graduates perfected.
TARR, expert accountant. 219 Parrott bid*.
CALIFORNIA Business College: most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ALL Gregg etenographers. secure positions; 34
good positions in March: rapid figures a spe-
clalty. S. F. Business College. 1230 Market.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallet School;
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme "
Carusi, Hallet School Acting, 120 O'Farrell. ,
STENOGRAPHY. & typewriting; individual ln-
Blruction; Titman system; $5 mo. 1317 Folsom.
6PANISH.Fr<\nch,etc.Prof.DeFlllppe'sAcademy
of Languages.320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profa.
VIOLIN guitar, mandolin, banjo taught in
class. mo. 426 O'farrefn-) phone Pine 433.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. '1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SHORTHAND taught by mall or personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher. 1008 Mission: Instruments selected.
DANCING quickly taught; private or' class.
BARKER'S Academy. 72.1 Market st
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1S63; new 80-page catalogue fr«»e..
KLEVATORS. .
ELEVATORS Inspected and repaired at moderate
prices. J.E.Upphoff.565 Mission: tel.John 3856.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. v -
A — JAPANESE ¦*• reliable house-cleaning, cooks
snd waiters furnished at short notice. Gco.
Klroshita. 1293 Page, cor. Lyon; tel.Fell 8301.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable . help. 524 Bush st; tel.. Bush 516.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yeara.
' Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY- & CO.. 640 Clay.
Grand Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office." 415 Stock-
ton; tel. Grant 168; expert., reliable. help/ '
JAPANESE and Chinese best help; cook. and
waiter. 421 Post. GEO. AOKI: tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315. Stockton;. Main 5168.
ORPHEUM "Employment Office — Japanese. Chl-
mb« help. 420 Powell. nr.Suttrr;tel.Black C072.
EMPLO YaiENT WANTED — FEMALE.
WOMAN wants work by the "day or week; un-
derstands teneral ' house and laundry work;
Is also a good nurse. Address box 1420, Call.
YOUNG woman .wishes, situation washing " by
' the day. Apply 50 Harriet ft >>: . >. •
A GERMAN . girl would like to do : housework
and cooking; wages $15 to $20. . Call 350
Eleventh st. .. . ./ •;.';
A COMPETENT North German young woman
wishes position to take care * o£ a . child * or
seamstress or la-ly's maid. Box 4895," Call.
| BiMPLOYMEXT WANTBD-^BMALE.
A NEW, ENGLAND lady of cultivation desires
engagement as companion, reader, amanuen-
, eis for invalid; dally, hourly or permanently.
Address R. S. T.y box 1600, Call officer
A,. YOUNG lady with experience wouldJlke.a
I -position in a doctor's office. 1 Box 4S9S. Call.
WINCHESTER House 44~Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c 'to $1 . r >O per night: $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'_ bus . and baggage to and from ferry. .
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
' Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A P RANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. *.;i T_ ¦ -¦ - ' '•"--...
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
A MIDDLE-AGED Swedish man wants any
kind of work. Apply to MRS. NORTON. 3,1a
Butter, st... ..-t ¦_ .
A SWEDISH. man and wife: place on ranch;
references. Apply MRS. NORTON, Swedish
and German Employment Bureau, 313 Sutter.
POSITION wanted by /bookkeeper; 8. year*' ex-
perience; also thoroughly acquainted* with
I lands, especially vineyards. Box 1422, Call.
COOK, 'middle-aged "man. steady and temper-
ate, wishes work in boarding-house or small
restaurant. Box 1427, Call office.
YOUNG man wants . position taking care of
• horses- and garden; good driver; can milk;
I;andy -n'lth tools. Box 142S, Call office.
YOUNG German bartender, good mixer, wishes
position; best references. Address 2206 JIls-
sion at • - . ''... '¦; ¦'-
YOUNG man, experienced bookkeeper, corre-
sponding in English, German, French and
Italian, familiar with typewriting, 'desires
employment; good reference. Box 4894, Call.
WANTED — Positions by man and wife on
ranch; man good all-round worker; wife flrst-
class housekeeper. Address, for 1 week, W.
W.. box 4897, Call. , v
WANTED— By reliable young German, position
as coachman on private place; with last place
3% years; good horseman. Box 4896. . Call. •"
A BAKER, who has been working in a private
.* institution for 12 years, wishes a like posi-
tlon. Box 4SS5. Call.
I WANTED — Position by correspondent and ad-'
vertlslng writer; highest class Eastern refer-
ences and experience in department store,
mall . order and hardware business. Box
4952. Call office. - > ' •
MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation In pri-
vate family; understands care of horses, cows'
and garden; .flrst-class recommendations.
Box 4949, Call. ¦ > v H-:
JOBBING blacksmith and shoer, married and
steady, wishes a situation; wages reasonable;
custom shop. Address F. M., Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz County, Cal.
COOK would like to go to Alaska; capable of
taking charge of camp. Address J. . H.
HENRY, care -Al White. East Berkeley.
GOOD experienced Chinese cook wiehes posi-
tion In hotel or boarding-house. Address
YEE LING. 20 Prospect place.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmofc.-
FINANCIAL.
59,990 SHARES of the capital stock of the
Flores Hale & Co. .were sold at auction on
March 21»t; the time for confirmation of the
sale by ' the Superior Court has been set lor
April 28th at 2 o'clock\p. m.. in Department
9; any person may appear in Court on that
day and overbid the purchasers; the highest
bidder, If the price Is satisfactory to the
Court, will secure. the property. For other
property of the estate for sale same day see
'.'Country Real Estate" and "City Real Es-
tate" columns of this paper. For. all Infor-
mation apply to
McGLYNN & MENTON.
- Heal Estate Agents and Auctioneers, Room
22, Chronicle building.
PACIFIC Underwriting & Trust Co. (Inc.)— We
have. 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
.porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
! or address main office, 507-S-I) Parrott bldg.
I
COMPANIES incorporated and financed; stocks
and bonds sold; good projects wanted; Inves-
tigate our underwriting guarantee plan; write
us.'Pac. States Mlning&Invest. Co.. 326 Pogt.
' FLATS TO LET.
MIDDLE flat, 5 rooms, bath, yard; water free.
364 Third st; $22 50.
TURK, 52414 — Sunny flat of 3 rooms; furnished
j for housekeeping; rent $13.
NEAR new City Hall; flat. 5 rooms and bath.
6% Grove st. ¦ " • -
PINE. 2132 — 6 rooma, bath; all modern; large
bnck yard; fine basement. Owner. 2134 Pine.
LOWER flat: 3 choice s sunny rooms: pantry,
storeroom." $12. "24T9 Clay st. near Fillmore.
FLATS TO LET FUKNISHEO.
FELL-ST. corner facing Park Panhandle; com-
pletely furnished; 10 rooms and bath. Apply
SPECK & CO. .
Furnished flat. 7 rms., bath; Devisadero, near
Sacramento. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgmry.
DESIRABLE newly furnished modern flat of 6
rooms, to let for the summer. 2C59 Stelner.
GOLDEN GATE, 1517— * rms.; bath;gas range;
' garden: $25; lower flat. 2 rms.. $12 50; 1 to 4.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE, 6, rooms, as a whole, or by piece.
49 Hill st. corner Guerrero.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH. r. 415. Examiner big.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
j price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. BLACK suede gloves; best In the world;
warranted: kept In repair. • 121 Grant ave.
I ~ =s
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/S '. . . .^429' Bush st
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, Bakersfleld, fare paid $25
3 waitresses, short distance - $25
Waitress, small country hotel .$25
Waitress, coffee parlor #30
20 waitresses, spring, . city and country <
hotels $20-$30
Chambermaid, country hotel, fare paid.. $20
Chambermaid (middle-aged), country, fare
paid . $20
2 chambermaids, city hotels .$20-318
Waitress, Institution, city .$20
Cashier and pantry girl, restaurant.. ....$25
'. .... FAMILY DEPARTMENT ........
Cook, country, $25; woman with a child. $15;
houseglrl, 2 In family, see party here. Moun-
tain View, ?20; housegirl, Sausallto, Ameri-
can family of 2. $25,' see boss here; others?,
city and country... T
C* R. HANSEN & CO......... 429 Bush st.
(Opposite California Hotel.)
NIGHT cashier for cafe; $8 week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 429. Bush st. , , -
WANTED — Protestant second girl, 2 In family,
no wash, no windows. $25; 8 other second
girls. $20. $25; 6 cooks, plain wash, $30;
German cook, no wash, $35; 2 cooks, not
over- 40 years of age, $30; governess, 2 boys,
$20; weman to do cleaning, institution., $18:
10 chambermaids and waitress for city and
country hotel. $20. $25; 2 nurses and second
girls, $20; 49 girls for general housework,
city and country. App!y to J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 334 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress, ; water resort, $35, see. party
here; hea,d waitress. Lake Tahoe, $30.
.MRS. M.I5>J)AY 335 Geary st
6 WAITRESSES, resorts, near city, $20; 2
waitresses, mountain resort, $20, fares paid.
MRS. M. E. DAY.../. 335 Geary st
2 CHAMBERMAIDS. I city.' $20 and $17 50;
chambermaid, country, $20, fare paid. MRS.
M. E. QAY, 335 Geary Bt -
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
, HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
.ST.; MR. DAVIS. .
TAILORESS— Competent operator on coats;
steady work; $12.; Apply MASTEN, 701
Geary st ;. ' ', • ¦
FOR Sonoma — Girl for kitchen work; no wash-
ing; good wages. Apply 1327 Ellis st. Sat-
urday,- 10 to -12 a.m. ¦ ¦
PI A1CO ; player wanted for .15 weeks; must be
• good ; call between" 9 a.: m. r and , 3 . p. m. : to-
. gay. 24th. Apply. 1320 Howard 'St., hall. ¦.
COMPETENT, woman to take . charge of "bath
rooms. f out .of ,town; good position and -re-
, gpectable; references required. Box 1423, Call.
LADY of indomitable energy,, possessed of self-
: atsertlon ; good opportunity/ for rlprht party.
F.' PEP.SON. room 412. r . Parrott building. '.
WANTED— Girls to. sew skirts; . beginners
taught: steady work: good pay.' . Apply THE
L. ELKUS CO. . , 29 and 31 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED operators on custom and stock
_6hlrts.__ROGERSON'S, 535 Valencia st J
NEAT Spanish or Italian girl, , cashier in'res-
taurant. ' Box 1414, Call . office.
GIRL to. take care of baby 9 months old/ $8 to
.-$10; good home. 2000, Mission: st -,.-?:;
WANTED— Girl for . general " housework; small
'U»t. 233 Dcvl3adero st.
HELP WASTECU-FEMALE— Con.
GIRLS ABOUT 16 YEARS ¦ OF AGE WILL
FIND PLENTY OF GOOD-PAYING WORK.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., . 32% 'FREMONT.
ST. ; MR. DAVIS. S
WANTED— -5 girls to learn halrdressing, mani-
curing, massage and hair work; only 2 weeks
required; bring a-!; costs only $3 50; 3 posi-
tions' waitine: private customers assure $50
, to $75 per month; day and evening claas.
College. 233 Geary st. rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Experienced girl for bottling med-
icines in wholesale drug house; stale experi-
ence. Address M. P.. box 1416,', Call.
GOOD hands on < vests;' also • apprentice, paid
while learning; steady work. 641% Steven-
son st.
Halrdresslng. massage, manicuring, bleaching,
dyeing, switches, etc.; 2 wks.,$5. Oollege,1236
Market. rm..94; splendid position; day, eve.
A YOUNG clrl for'llzht housework. Call after
-9 a. m., 1053 Market St., upstairs.
WOMAN to instruct- and direct employes. Box
1418, Call office. .-, ¦
FIRST-CLASS solicitor for tailor-made suits ;
references required.' Box 1409, Call.
GOOD girl for cooking and housework; small
! -family; good wages. 1022 Broderlck st
! FIRST-CLASS stenographer ; state experience
. and where last employed. Box 4807, Call.
NEAT girl; general housework. 2706 Sacra-
mento st. bet. Pierce and Scott.
RESPECTABLE elderly woman for light work;
family of 2; good home. 870 Mission st
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' under-
y wear. . 650 Mission st., third floor.
j EXPERIENCED operators on ladlss' over-
skirts; good pay. 656 Mission st, third floor.
EXPERIENCED opera torV on ladles* waists ;
good pay. 656 Mission st, third floor./
EXPERIENCED Ironer. 650 Mission st. third
floor. ' ,\ ¦
A GOOD operator • on pants; steady work. 36
Geary Bt., room 33.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
| learning. 641 Market st. N
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants;. steady em-
ployment. . 541 Market st—
i WANTED — Experienced shirtmakers. EAG-
LE SON & CO.. 535 Market st.
TYPEWRITING taught. $5 full course; short-
hand speed class. $2 mo. 027 Market, r. 305.
I CLASSIFIED advertisements arid subscriptions
I. received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
\ A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has ; been established ; at 10D6
Valencia st.
I /HELP WASTED MALE.
I A — MURRAY & READY... 634-636 Clay Street*
' ..Phone Main 5818
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M.
FREE FARE FREE FARE
I .... ..For Nevada and Salt Lake Division. . .'. .
J C55 teamsters ..$2 to $2 50 day
365 laborers. .$2 to $2 50 day
C54- Rockmen Steel Gangs Carpenters
And all classes of railroad help, $2, $2 50, $3,
$3 60 day. ' \
I SEE BOSS HERE.. SAWMILLS and WOODS
¦ 26 laborers for sawmill and woods.. $30 found
4 jack screwers, $40 fd..4 tree fellers," $50 fd
S 5 crosscut sawyers, 510 found; screw turners,
woodchoppers, tlemakers.
% TO FARMS, ORCHARDS, VINEYARDS,
i, DAIRIES. ETC....
264 farm . hands, orchards, vineyard hands,
milkers, liutter and cheese makers, help for
stock farms, etc., $35, $40, $30, $2G, $25, $20
and 'found
12 choreboys and choremen, can washers, etc.,
$25. $20, $15, $12 and found
MINES?, PLANING MILLii.
• MISCELLANEOUS
Bench hand and framemaker; patternmaker;
! 5 masona' helpers for mine; brick pitchers;
i brick molders; kiln burners; brick setters;
l offbearers; log snipers; 25 boys, different jobs; ;
! 12 laborers fur mines, stiO; ;{ miners, $75; 1'5
i laborers for quarries, $C0; timekeeper, rall-
! road company :......
i MANUFACTURING, EXCAVATING
~ .BUILDING, ETC.
283 laborers, teamsters, etc., for city and
country Jobs, some jobs beard home, $2 00, $2,
$1 75 day
• STABLES, .MECHANICAL, ETC j
8. harness cleaners, $60; 5 hostlers, $50 and
$60; 3 buggy washers; hundreds of other posi-
tions; 26 blacksmiths: horseshoers; tool sharp-
eners; blacksmiths' helpers: wagon and car-
riage makers, $3 50, $3, $2 50, $2 day; 2 team- i
Eters, $3 day , . . '
Man and wife for resort, $50, see boss here.. I
HOTEL, COFFEE SALOON. RESTAURANT.
: BAKERIES
64 cooks for hotels, resorts, cafes, saloons,
springs, R. R. depots, hospitals, mines. R. R.
• camps, $70, $65, $60, $50, $40, $30, $25 found;
36 waiters. $35. $30," $25 found; 3 head wait-
ers; 25 dishwashers; second baker. $40 and
found; boy for hatroom, board home $5 j
week; young man to drive delivery wagon, $8 '
week; cook, private Institution, $35; 4 bakers,
some on bread, some cake, $45, $40 and found,
and hundreds of other positions not adver-
tised! come, see us. MURRAY & READY, i
634-636 Clay st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
5» Third st. phone Bush 403.
•• • RAILROAD LABORERS .........
FREE FARE FREE FARE
100 teamsters. Nevada.... $2 to $2 25 per day
25 rock drillers, laborers ..$2 25 day
50 C ° nCrete me S n HipDXlLV.- ?3 25 DCr
FOR LUMBER WOODS.
26 sawmill hands and men for lumber woods.
$26 to $65 month and board, fare advanced
20 railroad laborers.. $26 per mo. and board
Cooks, dishwashers and waiters
FOR NEW LOGGING CAMP.
10 swampers ..... $85 per month and board
3 barkers $40 pe^ month and board
6 Jackscrew men.. . . .*40 per month and board
• 2 chain tenders $45 per month and board
3 head fallers $50 per month and board
3 second fallers $45 per month and board
8 crcsscutters $40 to $45 per month
Fare $.1, see boss here.
Buggy washer, city $50 per month
CALIFORNIA BMP. AGENCY* 50 Third st.
RANCH foreman, $30 and found : 2 ranch
teamsters, $35 and $30 and found; farmers.
$Jo and $30: farmer and wife. $35; driver
for milk wagon, $50; milker, $30 and found-
groom, $30 and found; man about place, $30
and found; choreman and others. J F
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. *
10 LABORERS . for mine, $2 day; miners, $2
and board; laborers for mill and woods, $30
• and $35 and board: lumber pliers, $60: rough
carpenters for mill, S60; house carpenters
$3 E0 day; bench hands; wand turner- drill-
ers, $2 25 day. free fare, and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BUTLER. $45 to $50; 2 hotel cooks, country,
. $45 and $50; 2 boardlnc-houss cooks, $35. to
$40; hotel steward, ?40; head . waiter for
boarding-house, 530; restaurant steward, $15
week: pantryman. $7 week: dishwashers and
others. . J. , F. . CROSETT & CO.. G2S Sacra-
mento st. '
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .... .429 Bush st
..NEW RAILROAD WORK.
Free fare Free fare
FOR NEVADA
¦ 2000 teamsters and laborers.... .. .$2 to $2 25
100 concrete laborers .$2
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 tunnelmen, headers and cornermen, drlll-
• ers and muckers :..:....-.. .$2 to $2 50 a day
. . .. Ship dally ...
' Free fare ...Free fare. ..... ..Free fare
| C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...420 Bush st
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton st— Coachman,
city. $35; 3 farmhands, Sonoma Co.. $25;
waiter assistant, country, $25; waiter helper,
city, $30; hotel waiter. $30; cook, oyster and
chop house, $45; stableman, > $20: gardener,
French, $25£ waiter, plain boarding-house,
country, 1 ?30, 'etc.
A SECOND cook: springs; $40; fare advanced.
MRS. M.'.E. DAY................335 Geary.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery.' rm. 12.
Barber, resort: valet. $40: head. waiter, $60.
MIDDLE-AGED man for liKht work. $15." Ap-
ply to MRS. NORTON. 313, Sutter st.
WANTED— Bright boy about 16 years old;
chance for advancement. Arply after 1 p. m.
MAR?:S BROS.. .1212 Market St. ,
PAINTERS "7. ..............:.,... PAINTERS
. Carriage r>alnters \ wanted at ¦ O'BRIEN &
SONS' , Polk st. and Golden Gate ave: : .
YOUNG man that is willing to work and can
-^handle horses well. : Please call 130 Guer-
Bt.." between 5 and, 6 p.m.
WANTED— Janitor ;' Union-square • Hall,— 421
Post st. /Apply bet 9 and 10 a, m.; must be
¦ experienced. ¦- • •
A GENTLEMAN of indomitable ¦- energy, and
' j>u»h : : rood . opportunity . for ¦ right man. F.
. - PERSON, room 412.' Parrott building. ¦
1 BLACKSMITH and horseshoer wanted. 512
Goush st. ¦ . .-. • ¦-- ¦ .-. . : .
NIGHT cook. wanted at 204 Sixth st.
2 GOOD ranch- hands. > Call between 6 and 7,
.1021%; Market st • . ? ;
BOY. about 18 to work : In factory; apply at
' once. ' 100 . Sacramento stT"
WANTED— Able-bodied, reliable men; no fee.
Apply. 526 Montgomery st., room.l. ..• , •
BOY wanted. ¦ Mutual- Label and Lltho Co.,
Second and :¦ Bryant sts.
WANTED — Retail ,'crocery salesman/ Box
- 14?4. Call.' * , , -v . \ ,•
i OUTSIDE porter. ¦ flrst-class : country hotel; sea
I , party, at Russ House 8 to 9:30 a. m. (Thurs.)
! DISHWASHER " wanted . at '1224 Point Lobos
.ave. ; $15 and found/ .;,., •/ - - -
A FOUR-PAN - bread baker ; • wages $35, - board
.' - and lodging. 1 Dll%' Larkin St..
. HELP, WANTED— MALE— Con.
HELP for the New Deuartment Store ' to be
1 opened about Sept. 1 in the Muri'hy buila-
lng, lormerly occupied by J. . J. . O'Brien • &
Co. Applications will be considered by the
managtment of the new store for positions
as heads" of departments and subordinates,
sales Pkoole. head bookkeeper, manager of
advertising dept.. manager mail order dept.
<ind head . porter. i
Applications for these positions can be
made in person or by writing- No applica-
tion will be considered of other than experi-
enced and well recommended applicants.
Address all communications to or apply in
person between the hours of 10 and 12 a. m.
and 1:30 and 3 i>. m., at room 439, Parrott
bldg. H. GOLDWATER.
WANTED — For U. S. army, ablebod led unmar-
ried men. between ages ot 21 and 35; citizens
of United States, of good character and tem-
perate habits, who can speak, read and write
English. For Information apply to Recruit-
ing Officer 121 New Montgomery st. Saa
Francisco, "or Masonic building. Sacramento.
WANTED— Reliable young man for plain work,
with established firm, $15 to $17 week; per-
manent place: must have some cash.
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market St.. upstairs.
STEADY waiter wanted at 434 Fifth st.
WANTED— A first-class waiter and dishwasher
at 467 Valencia st ¦
BUSHELMAN wanted. 220 McAllister st.
PARTNER In light business; $150 cash; good
chance lor young man. 40 Ellis St.. room 13.
WANTED— A few energetic. Intelligent gentte-
men to present an attractive, flrst-class finan-
cial proposition; successful .candidates earn
$100 to $300 mo.; salary and liberal commis-
sion paid. Apply T. W. Griffin, dally from 2
to 4 p. m., ex. Sun., St. Nicholas Hotel, room
237, 1606 Market st^ '
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps,' U.
S. ¦ navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st. San Francisco. _.
WANTED — One first-class carriage blacksmith,
2 blacksmith finishers and 1 first-class body-
maker. Inquire, stating experience, of A.
MEISTER & SONS CO., Sacramento. Cal.
MECHANICAL draughtsman; only flrst-clasa
man need apply; technical man preferred; no
attention Daid to answers unless giving full
detail of experience an* where previously em-
ployed. Box 4810. Call office.
WANTED— A reliable man for a permanent es-
tablished business; will pay $20 per week; ex-
perience not necessary; must have $200 cash.
Apply 765 Market St.. room 3.
WANTED by wholesale ¦ wooden and willow
ware house, traveling salesman well ac-
quainted in San Joaquin Valley. Answer box
1417, CalL " • . ¦ •
MEN to learn barber trade; barbers In de-
mand; only requires 8 weeks; tools-donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. ¦
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st: 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS— Best chance in San Jose: 2-chaIr
shop, all new; cigars, stationery and laundry
office: must be sold this -week. Address F.
N.. 184 a Second st, San Jose, Cal.
OFFICE boy about 15 in wholesale house: must
be graduate grammar school and well recom-
mended; no cigarette smokers. Box 4928. Call.
FOR sale — Barbers; 3-chalr shop; 3 rooms; cen-
tral; low rent; paying $30 per week; price
$150. Box 1451. Call office.
WANTED— Basters on coats. Apply S. N.
WOOD & CO.'S factory. 27 Geary st
A NO. 1 Kood.^ sober blacksmith for awning
.work. 1130 Mission st.
WANTED — Ex-soldiers to file travel pay and
other claims at 630 Market st O. E. HOWE.
A FIRST-CLASS waiter; a good place. 29
Stockton st.
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work on the out-
side. Rosenblum & Abraham, 110" Market.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor for tailor-made suits;
I references required. Box 1409, Call.
STEADY man for plain office work: $1S to $20
per week;. must have $200. 765 Market, r. 3.
WANTED — An experienced shirt rubber. Oak-
land Laundry Co., 690 29th st, Oakland.
COATMAKERS: steady work: good pay.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
COATMAKER and bushelman for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St.
PRESSER on coats; steady work; good pay.
641 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS tailors; good pay; steady em-
ployment. 541 Market st
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; steady em-
ployment. 641 Market st- ~- --.- ¦ — —^
COATMAKERS; good pay; steady employment
541 Market st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for his tuW
tion. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION and extra pay. Write SHERWOOD.
624 Markt. ; past com. Wattrous Post.G.A.R.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G.A.R.
SCO MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st.. nr. 5th..
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5C3 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st} near Mar-
ket — 2C0 rooms. 25c night: reading rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry. -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
- subscriptions has been established at 10U6
Valencia st
FOR Sale — 1 pair big black carriage horses; 1
pair medtum black mares; 1 pair black road-
sters; 1 pair bay roadsters; all well matched.
Inquire' at St. Lawrence Stable. 423 Post at.
JAS. SHIRLEY. .
JUST arrived — 20 fine work, driving and sad-
dle horses, weighing from 1200 to 1600; well-
matched teams, thoroughly broken; come anl
see them at Occidental Horse Exchange. -J6
Third st WM. G. LAYNG. proprietor.
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a. m. JOHN J. DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOR sale, Santa Rosa ealesyard — Just arrived,
several fine road and business horses, new
buggies and harness. 1499 Market cor. 11th.
San Francisco Veterinary College, Fourth ses-
sion begins June 9. Catalogues by applying to
M. L. PANCOAST, Sec, 610 Golden Gate av«\
WILL purchase good work horses weighing
1250 to 1400. Apply 26 Montgomery, room 14.
FOR sale — Handsome cart, seating 4. Box
4076, Call office. ' .
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey.harness.work.drlving horses. 15th&ValecnU.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
COTTAGE six rooms; 9 Ewer place, off Ma-
son between Clay and Sacramento. Apply
10 Fwer place. ¦•
HOUSES TO LET— FURNISHED.
MODERN house 7 rooms.v completely and hand-
somely furnished; near Presidio; healthy and
. pretty, location: $42 50; take Sacramento or
California st car. 37 Seventh ave.
; ." . HA j; LS To let.
FOR rent — Teutonia Hall; 1332 Howard st bet
Oth and 10th, for a term of years; barroom"
large and small halls and all fixtures connect-
ed therewith. For particulars address F
HAGEMANN. Albany Brewery, 409 Eighth.
IAVES'friKVrs ~~
THE Investors'^ Agency. 137 Montgomery st
S. F. Call or, write for particulars.
I ' _^ ¦
lost\an» found. v
LOST— Certificate 1000 shares Otto Mining and
Milling Co. Welsher's office Jackson st
wharf.
LOST— April 23, silver spectacles, near Fourth
and Folsom; reward. 718 Folsom st.
LOST— Foxterrier pup, half brown face, brown
¦ spots on back and short tail. Reward If re-
turned to 42 Winslow. st. or leave word at
stall 57, Union ¦ Square Market:
LOST— From 2509 , Pacific , ave ~ pointer dog
answers' to _ name of Ray; saddle mark left
side,', white and liver color. Information
r- leave at 124 Sansome st. room 10.
IT will pay to "Remember" . that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st, needa oid
gold and silver to make new wntch cases. ;
MATUIMOMAL.
MARRIAGE bureau ::est.M8S7; reliable and
confidential; Usta 10c Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
BIATTRESSES AND PILLCfYVS.
,TO order; also cleaned " and sterilized ; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powttl
Bt. ; tel. Bush ¦ 421. ,
Brass, Iron beds;' mattresses; pillows; window
. . Bhades. J, F. Hotter, 712 Mlsslon;tel.Maln 730.
MISCELLANEOUS— FO n^SS A LE-
BOILERS, enginsa. 2rt-han<* machinery. HciN-
TOSH & TVOLPiT AN. 105-197 Fremont st. .
COLLEGE KENNELS has Just received a fln»
i stock of dogs of all descriptions; come and ,
pick your prize-winners at half-price, as over-
stocked. . 115 Halght st; phone Fell 6811.
NEAV and second-hand boilers, engines, pumps,
dynamos, water pipe, fittings, etc.. bought
sold and exchanged. _ H. S. WHITE. 130-133
Beale st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
Bir.es, boilers water ript"". shaftin?. pulleys,
elc. WKITELAW. 25."-255 Spear si. . ,
SEALSKIN of finest quality; same as new;
bust 3i>; party going East: cost $225: will sell
lor $100. Address box 15£t>. Call office.
BAR fixtures; big stock; installments; billiard
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswfck-Balke-Col!ender Co.. 652 Mission.
A — 53 CO Derby and Fedora haw. $.1 75. Popular
Price Hatters. 3S0 Kearny st, hear Pine.
FINE SUITS. $10: <3r<?s3 pants. $2 75 MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st
FOR f<;i!f — $10; good barber chair and rest 913
Capp »f
FINE Persian rug, finest condition, 3% by 6»
for $15: cost $.'JS. Box 4003, Call office.
BARGAIN — House 6 rooms, all rented, well
furnished; also good bicycle. 874 Howard.
NEW beer pump for sale; cheap. Inquire 1697
Folsom st - 1 '
FRESH mTik cow for sale. 70S Vermont
street.
GASOLINE engine; burns cheaper oils; flrst-
claxs every particular. Box 4968, Call office.
$5— NEW Home; good condition. 1571 Market.
near Twelfth; tel. .Howard 3083.
FOR SALE at a bargain, a flrst-class harness^
¦hop. B. MAAET. Valley Ford. Cal.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
Kdlson phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, fllms. Bacigalupl. 033 Mkt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2-hand ,
and launches. J. E. DOAK, 48 Fremont st.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried in stock.
PAKER & HAMILTON.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR eccond-hand m.iehlnery, engines and boilers
goto D.J.McMastws.SE. cor. 2nd & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines & boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 510 Market st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. B1ILLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 138 Beale st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; alao gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton et. ; phone Bush 484.
TOOLS and machines for picture frame maker.
J. JONES SR-, 759 Mission; letter or 8 p.-m.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
• send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Oth st; teL Jessie 2851.
Wanted — 2d-hand electric motors, all size*, any
condition. FarnsworthElectrlcalWks..4l8Turk.
*™*]E0LJ22~-}££?b.
A— HiRM^N~SuRP^fYT^oT^^Examlner big
$4,500,000 at Lowest Rates
......On First and Second Mortgages i
On Life Interests In Estates j
Property Being Held in Trust **/
Undivided Interests in Real Estate .
Life Insurance Policies; Estates in Probatft.
Financial Problems of all sorts and eizej.
IF YOU NEED MONEY
See HERMAN MURPHY. 6Q>«02 Examiner.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.). "
$300,000 at 5% and 6 per cent in sums to suit;
City, Oakland. Town and Country Property;
second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided in-
terests In real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. MANHATTAN LOAN
CO.. CROCKER BUILDING.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, ' manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Rooms IB.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. near
. Geary st; phen* Red.l60X . .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 84U
Market st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgagee and on fur-
niture or pianos; no removal: any amount;
. lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary st., room 36.
ANY amount on furniture, pianos; no removal;
lowest rate; private, Confidential. ORMSEY,
26 Montgomery st.. room 7. opp. Lick Houk*.
A PRIVATE party loans any amount on furni-
ture, pianos; no removal; low rates; confiden-
tial. WHITEHEAD (Wilson's), 1710 Market
5. F. JHSCOUNT AGENCY— Loana to salaried
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
On furniture, pianos; no removal; money quick;
lowest Interest: easy terms; no brokerage; re-
liable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
LOWEST v rates on furniture, etc.. by prtvat*
party; no removal; no commission; connden-\
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones. J
ELFVING. 616 Examiner big.; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc.. at 2 per cent without removal;
no brokerage charged; confidential; open eves.
$10 UP on furniture, pianos; no com.; prlvata
party. St. Ann's bldg., 6 Eddy, r. 104, 5th flr.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1700. room 81, 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44. Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
6. A. LANE. Mills building, will loan sums to
suit; Interest low; also easy payment loans.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st.. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
IF you want a home I will loan you money ti»
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 223 Sansome st.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Weetern Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bids.
A CUSTOMER can rely upon getting more~fop
the money from Us than any house on that
coast, because we are satisfied with small
profits and are doing business at the smallest '
possible expense. These things must be taken
Into consideration when figuring out prices.
We believe In selling large quantities and
giving best quality for the least outlay to tha
customer. We sell the Decker. Wlssner.
Baumeister and Stodard. Easy payments
for those who desire. THE ZENO MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered in the vr&y of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear in mind
that we -cannot only duplicate them, but can
effer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers!
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.; Broad-
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
AS our new building and hall Is not quit*
completed we are making a cut on all ou-
pianos. Some- speciar bargains — 1 Knabe. $95;
1 Heine. $1S5; 2 Steinways. $165; 3 Chlcker-
Ings. $140 to $170; and 20 others. Squares. N
$15 up. Small amount down and low pay-
ments according to quality. HEINE PIANO
CO.. Heine Hall. 235-237 Geary st
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS —
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Feccnd-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new upright
pianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ &
SON. 16 to 20 O'Farrell. Checkering Mason
and Hamlin. Vose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed «n a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price: costs you only 20e a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE 30
O'Farren ' st ; established 1S50.
LUDWIG pianos — Most popular of all. For sala
- only by the Wiley B. Allen Co., 031 Market
st. San Francisco. Agents Chase & Baker
piano players.
SMALL upright. $35: large cabinet grand up-
right $lo0; square pianos. $35 up: A. ¦ B.
Cameron, walnut case, almost new, $275i. ~
Bowers & Son. 23 5th\st. Ivers & Pond, agts.
UPRIGHT piano. $100; splendid bargain; best
renting pianos In city for $3 per montn.
SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CQ.. 560 Hayes st
SNAP— 2 only, new. $150; hiirh-grado uprights.
dropped from cata!ogue.$250. Bruenn.208Fost
$170:rreat sacrifice :almost new upright. Schmlta
& Co.. 16 McAllister st. next Hiberta Bank.
A LOT of storage pianos for almost a song.
WILSON'S Storage. 1710 Market st
ELEGANT concert grand upright piano: sacrl-
flced account death in family. 1000 Van NesK
ALMOST new large size Steinway upright left'
en sale:, bargain. ' 235 Geary st
BYRON. MAUZY. SOS-310-312 Pest st; 8ohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
¦ SUPERIOR violins, sithers. old and new. H.
MULLER, "maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.Floride Wilcoxon to Joseph' LJ Schmitt. let
on S line of Bush street, 175 E of- Polk. E 25
by S 120; $10. V • "• "' '- •
William H. and Lena M. Snedaker to same,
loz on Sllne of Bush street, 150 E of Polk. E
25 by S 120; ?10.
Gtorge L. Fltz to Emma Joseph, lot on SE
corner of Sacramento and Gough streets. E SI :3
by S 112:8^4. quitclaim deed; S10. .
Frederick and Albine B. Zech ' to Frank J.
Hennessy, lot on W line of Gough street. 107 :6
S of O'Farrell, S 30 by W 05:810..
Cltv and County of San Francisco to Peter
J Keys,, lot commencing 112:6 S of Waller,
street and 93 W of Buchanan, W 17 by N 43:9;
$ . '.-... ¦ ¦ ' '•• ' ¦ r
Nelllo and Alexander Bond to Jeremiah
Biles,, lot on NE corner of Fillmore and Her
man streets, N'24 by E 81:3; $10.
Herbert E. and Grace W. -Law to Henry E.
Bo thin. lot on S line of Lombard street, 37:0
W'of Devisadero, W 100 by S 110; also lot on
N line of Lombard street, 36:6 E of Devisadero,
N 112:6,' E 75. N 25, E 100, S 137:6. W 175;
also lot on NE corner of Lombard and Brod
crick streets. N 137:6 by E 106:3; also lot on
N line of Lombard street, 186:3 E of ' Brbd
erick, N 137:6 by E 50; also lot on NW corner
of . Lombard and Devisadero streets .' N 137:6
by. W 101:3; $10. . ..
. Clark J. and Alice K. Burnham to George
Levison, lot on NE corner of McAllister and
Brcclerick streets, E 30 by N 112:6; $10.
Clementina Bruntsch to Geraldlne C. Shan
non, lot on W line of Broderick street. 50 N
of Hayes, N 62:6. W 137:6. S 25, E 25, S 37:6.
E 112:6; $10. . .
Henry L* Shannon to same (wife) same*
gift.
Ellen M. Whitely to Henry M. '¦ Whltely 'lot
on N line of Post street, 119:3 W of Lyon W
25 by N 137:6; also lot on NE corner of Twen
ty-ninth and Ellen streets, E 77:9 by N 114;
California Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Richard J. O'Brien, lot on E line of
Folsom street. 102:5% S of Thirteenth 3 23
E 94.65, N 23.312, W 96.54; $10. '
F.dward and ' Bridget - Trolan to Charles W
and Jane E. Glasson, lot on E line of Bryant
street, 160 S of Twenty-first. S 25 by E100;
Davis Brothers (a corporation) to William J
Dlngee, lot on NE corner of Geary street and
Grant avenue. E 40:6, N CO, E 19-6 N (H-«
W 60. S 122:6; $275,000. , ' W . 6 '
Jane Noonan to Clarkson Dye, lot on W line
of Salmon street, 07:0 N of Pacific, N 20 by
Allce.A. Donzel tQ.Lena A. Dumouriez lot on
£ rVV ™°T?- r « °',, F . nbert and Hyde etreets*. N 60
by .W 13i :6; $10. -
j Annie M. and. P. .Boland to Willis M. Brown
and William J. Power, lot on N line of Pine
street. 87:6 E of Larkin, E 30 by N 137-6- $10
Robert and Agnes Dalzlel to Charles Hol-
Tft-ook, lot on SE line of Mission street °75-S
NE -of Second. N Jl:4. SE 80, NE :0«, SE 80
SW 97:6. NW SO. NE 25:8, W 80; $10.
John Powers to James A.-McNamara.-lofon
NW line of Clementina street, 250 NE of Sec
ond NE 25 by NW.80; also, right of way over
NW line of Clementina street. 275 NE of «!«>
ond, NE 10 by NW 80; $10. ¦
¦. Oressa E. Hewson (single) to A.-Aronson lot
on SE line of Mission street. 70 SW of Fourth
SW 40 by SE SO; $10.' ¦ «uria.
. Estate Lewis Albert (by P. Boland, admin*
istrator) to George Hall, undivided half Interest
in lot. on :SE- line of Harrison street, 175 NK
of Fifth. : NE 48 by SE 160; $4250. \ ¦
¦ ¦ William W. and Carrie Fr Rednall to Hen
rietta M. -Birth, lot .on NE corner of Twenty
fifth and Wisconsin streets." N 100 by E 25- 810
Frederick Mandler (single) to Rose Handler
(single), lot on E line of Mission street 300
N. of. Virginia avenue. N 25 by E'33:C; $5500
! -Hannah and Park Hegarty to S. Ducas Com
pany (a corporation), lot on SW line of Eighth
avenue.- 15^* SE of R street. SE 200 by SW 100
block 169, O'N. and H. ' Tract ; $10. ,
Patrick Connolly. D. E. Besecker. Jerome B
Crooks.. S. L. Sullivan, W. D. Hendrickson ami
Henri Schwartz (by John F. Clute. commlgsion
er) to Pacific States Savings,' Loan and Bulld
lns Company, lot on N line of -Broad avenue
423:7% ¦' E, of Orizaba street, E SO by N 1"5"
block I, Railroad Honjestead AssoclaUon No •'»'•
$1C5O. . : . " •
• William B. and Marie A. Waldron to Chris
tian,A. Evers. lots 41 to .43, block 31,-Clty Land"
Association; $10. . jt.-. .. . .
: Acme ''Building and - Loan v Association- *to
Charles : S. Henderson, lot on > E line- of Sears
street, 105 N of Sickles avenue. N 50 by-E
100. block 0. Sears Subdivision West End Man
2; $1200.' r ¦ " " - • ¦- ¦ . ¦ .
Alameda County. ,
Grace E. Dyer (wife of Joseph B.) to James
WEDNESDAY, APRIL 23.
SEAL ;¦• ESTATE TBANSACTION3.
M. Selfrldge, 'all Interest in an undivided one
fifth of following: Lot 5, Map Pacific Theolozi
cal Seminary Tract, Oakland; $5.
Rhoda H. and A. J. Robinson to E. S. Angel,
lot on S line of'Evoy avenue,'24O E from Grove
street, E 40 by S 100, being W half of N half
Of lot 14, Map Montgomery Tract No.l, Oak
land; $10. . '
A. de Leo de Laguna to Martin M. Dunnof,.
lot on S line of Elm or Twenty-fourth street.
115 W from Telegraph avenue, W 10, S parallel
with Telegraph avenue 145 feet to S line 'of
Kelley Tract. 10 feet, and thence N 145 to be
ginning. Oakland (as recorded); $450.
Pearl M. Greeley (wife of Charles B.) to
George M. Clover, lot on E line of St. Charles
streets 150 S from Pacific avenue, S 30 by E
100, lot IS, block K. Map block K.' Taylor and
Page Tract. Alameda; $10. • • ¦
• B. and Persis A. Benedict • (wife) to Addle
Frances Chapplaln, lot on N line of Jackson
street. 40 W from Mound, N 120 by W 40. block
93, Map Myers Survey of Town of Alameda,
Alameda; gift. . ¦¦..¦¦
Same to Jennie Hamiin (wife of Ralph), lot
on NW corner of Jackson and Mound streets, N
120 by W 40, block 93. same Map. Alameda;
gift. .
Benajah or B. Benedict to Addle r. Chap
plain . (niece) and Jennie Hamiin (daughter-in
law) . (undivided half each),- lot on S line of
Central avenue, 423 E from High street, E 50
by S 125:6. lot 36. Map Hawley Tract, Alame
da; also lot on N line of Central avenue. 1053 E
from High street, E 40 by N 125:6, lot 22. same
Map, Alameda; also 20.25 acres, beginning at
stake on E line of land of Ellis and on S line of
road 18 feet wide surveyed September 25, 1875,
stake on E line of land of Ellis and on S line of
said road SE 9.52 chains, etc.. SW 27.36 chains
to shore of San Francisco Bay. thence along 1
said shore NW 8.31 chains to S between lands
of Ellis and Benedict, thence NE 25.3!) chains
to beginning (excepting land conveyed to Lila
W. and Persis A. Nolte January 16. 19C0).Afa
meda Township; also lot on N line of Jackson
street, 80 W from Mound. W 33 by N 120, Ala
meda; gift.
Annie May (single) to Ludwlg • and
Louisa H. May, lot on NW corner of. Fourth
and -Oak streets, W 25 by N 75. portion of
block 129, Kellersberger's Map. Oakland: $10. ,
Margaret Evans (single) to F. J. Woodward,
lots 3 and 4. block O 785, Map Lands Peralta
Homestead Association, Oakland; $10.
Noah E.- and Jessie Smith- to Amanda Tony
(widow), lot on E line of Campbell street.
54:3 N of Thirteenth, N 26 by E 104. lot 11.
block - 726 * A, map redivlslon of portions of
blocks 726 A, 727 A and 727 B, Oakland: $10.
Lettie (or Lettie H.) Baker (wife of W.) to
F. W. Wille, lot on N line of West Tentu
street, 103:9 E Of - Cypress, E 22 by N 73,
being W half of lot 3, block 539, Map. Eighth
street Tract, subject to mortgage for SHOO.
Oakland; $10. Z-
John G. • and Agnes M. Agar (Uacdonough)
and as 'trustees under will of Joseph Macdon
ough. deceased) Joseph M-. Jessie T. and Wil
liam O'B.- Macdonongh to Lilla C. Maul (wife
of Philip), lot on N line of Thirtieth street.
165 W of Grove, W 50 by N 140, lot 31, block
2034, ¦ Official Map City of Oakland, Oakland;
Frederick W. Hambleton (single) to Eliza
Sophia Hambleton. lot on S line of Thirty-fifth
street, 336.23 E of Market, S 120 by E 30,
block L." Map Property Central Land Company,
subject to mortgage of $2000, Oakland; $10.
Gertrude' B. and John R. Perkins to Fred
erick F. Loop (single), lot 28. block P, map
blocks M. N, O, P, Harmon Tract, subject to
mortgage for $1200, Berkeley: $10.
Frank Luce and Marie I. Bateman to D. H.
and Kate A. Frye. lqt on W line of Hillegasa
avenue, 160 from S line of Webster street S
40 by W 220. lots 5 and 2S. block C. Map Bate
man Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Harvey S. and Laura S. Haseltine to Lewis
A. Pier, lot on E line of Hazel street. 5» S
of Stuart. S 50 by E 120. block C. Map Uni
versity Villa Tract. Berkeley; $10. . ™
Helen *R. and Delmont A. Wentworth to
Manuel V. Dias, lot on N line of Addison
street. 80:5. W of Tenth, W 31:10. N 100 E
34. S 100. Berkeley; $10. *™' : :"
Andrew and Mrs. Jane C. Jones to Antonio
Augusto; : lota 22 and 23. block F. Map of An
drew Jones subdivision in Township of Brook
lyn; Brooklyn Township; grant.
Elizabeth Chapin. Alfred Stewart. William
Bray. Tubbs.' Nettle Tubbs Oyster and V.nne
Tallant Tubbs (heirs of A. L. Tubbs) to Annie
-5 Vo ° d(wlfe of Charles L.). lot on N line
of Pacific avenue. 50 E of Wood, E 50 by ft
150. block 4, Alameda; $10.
Same to Mary K. Wood, lot on NE corner of
Wood street and Pacific avenue, E 50 by N
150, block 4, Alameda; $10. .. . .
Anna Christina Stuart or Stewart (widow)
to Continental Building and Loan Association,
?E ln lot on E Mne qf Linden street.
166 N of Twenty-fourth. N 35 by E, 125. block
K. man survey Northern Extension of Oak
land, and also portion block 630. Boardman's
Map, Oakland; $25.
Virginia H. Dingee and William J. Dingee
(and as attorney) to William G. Henshaw, lot
on NW corner of Fourteenth an<J Franklin
streets. W 75 by N 100, subject to mortgage to
German Savings and Loan Society, April 1,
1902. Oakland: $10. .,
Thomas E. and Charlotte J. Hanson to same,
same, Oakland; $10.
' Equity Building and Loan Association (cor
poration) to Martella A. Golden (Pratt), wife
of Dow C. lot on NW corner of East Fif
teenth and Commerce streets, NW 50 by NE
150, lots 8. » and W 9 feet of lot 10. block
65, Clinton. East Oakland: $S0O. •
John G. and Matilda E. Lewis to Christopher
McCue, lot on W line of Capp street. 300 N of
Nicol avenue. N 83:1 by W 150. lot 10, and
S 33 feet of lot 0. block B. map De Wolf
Tract. TlrnnlrlYw TnwngMp- $1Q , ,,_ w ,
Leah F. Mott (single) to Charle3 F. Healy
(married), lot on NE corner of Central avenue
and Cottage street. N 129. E 50. S 103:7. W
56, portion lot« 40 and 47. revised map En
cinal Home Lots, Alameda; $10.
Henry J. and Anna Ravekes (wife) to John
S. Costa, lot on NE corner of Callan avenue
and -Sybil street. NE 130:9 by NW 145. lots X
to It. and S 5 feet of lota 10 to 12. block 10,
map East San. Leandro. Eden Township* $10.
• Peter H. Stubbe (single) to John and Mar
garet Shields (wife). . lot on N line of Third,
street. 75 E of Webster.. E 25 by N lOf). l»t
28. block 33. Kellersberger's Map. Oakland;
$10.
David and Sybil A. C. Gage (wife) to Ernest
and Effle Slsson. lot on N line of Twenty
eighth street, ' 512 E • of . Telegraph avenue
(since widening to 1C0 feet), E 50 by N 145.
Oakland: $10. .
John R. Glascock (administrator of estate
of .Rebecca P. Wainwr lent) to F. J. Wood
ward, lot on W line of Harrison street. 100 N
of Durant, N 50 by 'W 130. Oakland: $2650.
F. 'J. and Dell C. Woodward (wife) to Ro
wena Edwards (wife of A. F.J, same, Oak
land; $10.
Ernest S. and 'Margaret Angel (wife) to
Daisy L. Rountree (wife of James). lot on SB
line of Howe street. 60 SW of Howard; SW 30
by 'SE' 125, lot 6, .block F, map or Thermal
Hill.' formerly Howe Tract. Oakland; $10." • I
Howard K. and- Matt ie E. Jamea to .Louis
D. Reeb ' (single), lot on E line of San Pablo
avenue, -58.22 S of Thlrty-sacond street, 3
55.44. E 00.99. N 25. W 10, N 25,. W. 104. 05.
lots 8 and 9, block 2039, map of Rowland Tract.
Oakland; $10.
William Philips or Phillips to George Ster
ling, lot beginning at intersection of E line
of -Linden and center line of Forty-first street.
N 130- by E 100. portion of block 1. map of
Mullikin Tract, Oakland: $10.
Elizabeth T. White (single) to Effle Worley
Bailie (wife of Joseph), lot on N line of Ashby
avenue, 50 W'of Manoa street, being- SW cor
ner of land formerly conveyed .to second party
by first party, W 50 by it 120. block C, map of
Claremont Tract, Berkeley (subject to con
tracts) Berkeley; $10.
Mary C. Barker and James L. Barker (and
as attorney) to J.W-. Phillips and I. -C- Lewis,
lot on N lino of Center street, 200 W of Ox
ford, W 50 by N 125. lot 17, block A. Berkeley
maps 1 and 2, Blake Tract, Berkeley}
$10.
Simon Shapiro to M. L. Wurts. lots 1 to 4
and 27, block 2, map of Dowllng Tract, Berke
ley; ?10. -
Louisa CToole to Isaac Flag*, lot on W Hn«
of Shattuck avenue. 160 8 of Eunice"' street.
8 50 by . W 135, block 13. map property of
Berkeley Villa Association. Berkeley: $10.
Albert M. and Hattie S. Smith to Fannie El
Dorado Smith, lot 7. block C. map of Daly
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $10. .
Same to Octavius H. Hull and Charles F.
Lee, lots 11 to 14, block C, map of same tract;
$10. • • . ...
L. C. Marshutz to Laura 31. Hammer (wife
of William H.). lot en S corner of Webster and
Cora streets. SE BO by SW 100. lot 1. block 40.
map of .lands of Fltchburg Homestead Associa
tion, Brooklyn Township;. gift. .
George and Carrie Sterling (wife) to The
Realty Syndicate (corporation), lots 8 to '10.
block 14. map of part of plat 6, Kellersberger's
survey, V. and C. Peralta Rancho property. J.
S. Emery subdivision to 699 D. 303, Oakland,
$10. .. -
Manuel J. Dias to Mary Dias. lot beginning
at a point ln S line of road from town of Hay
wards to Lone Tree Cemetery, which is point- of
Intersection of dividing line between lands of
Philip Schwall and land* of W. G. Greene with
S line of road, thence SE 62 yards. SW XT
yards. SW 62 yards. NE 36 yards to beginning,
Eden Township; $10.
; • Builders' Contracts: hvJ
* Alice C. Ball and Mary E. Verleger (owners)
with Felix Marcuse '(contractor)* architect none
— AH work for a two-story frame building (two
flats), on W line of Cherry strset, 73 S of Clay,
S 27 by W 105; $3823. -.-....
George and Anne M. Hansen (owners) with
Carl. N. P. Ahlgren (contractor), architect Au
gust Nordin — All work except painting", man
tels, shades and gas fixtures for • a two-story
and basement frame building (three flats), on
NW ' corner of Harrison and Twenty-first
streets. N-100 by W 25. M..B. 63; $6200.
Mrs. Christine L. Struven (owner) with B.
Martin and -Alexander Brown (contractors),
architects ' none — All work for a two-story and
basement frame building (four flats), on E line
¦of Woodward avenue (Jessie). 198 N of Four
teenth street, E 70, S 24, W 70, N 24. M. B. 27;
?3000.. ¦ .
David Halpin (owner) with Thomas Maxwell
.(contractor), architect Maxwell G. Eugbee — All
work ;' except plumbing, painting, mantels,
shades and £'as fixtures fdr altering a basement
story into a flat, on W lin* of Fillmore street,
100 S of Hayes. S 25 by W 108:3: «1065.
HOTEL ARBIVAI.S.
NEW" WESTERN HOTEL
C Hushes. Cal j
O Chandler. Portl-xcd j
J -Armstrong Boston |
J-P Murray. N Y
T F Johnson. Fatla .
J MeKake. NY.
8 J McGee. Atlanta
T Kirkin. St Louis
Miss MA Cordray. Pa
J D Banker, - S • Jose
R Wlrts. Sacto
C L Rath, Arse! IsM
W Byers, Angel Island
S Manty, Angel ftlnd
J W Hersh. Pa
F Repl<?y. Portland \
J W Cartwright. Satia
Miss B Cartwright,
SeatUe
MIm I Hall, Seattle
S I Anderson, Wash
LJ Cnrruth, Fresno
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, APRIL 24; 1902.
13
0 AKl:AN D - ADVERTISEMENTS;
OFFICc— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400 CASH, $10 monthly— u-room cottage;, 2
acres; artesian wells; outbuildings; immense
shade trees; profusion • of shrubbery; creek
running water the year round; superb soil
and finely sheltered; away from fogs and
winds: an ideaf spot for a home; city water
and sewer; r-treets macadamized; electric
cars front the property; postofflce, school,
churches, stores, etc.; business center; a rare
buy; adjoining East Oakland; price, all told,
. $2G00. Call or send for circular; 435 Seventh
St., opposite Broadway Station, Oakland;
carnage free. H. Z. JONES.
OAKLAND COTTAGES TO LET.
TO le*t for 3 or -4 months,' completely and ele-
gantly furnished double cottage, 7 rooms,' In
East Oakland; large corner lot 160x150; gar-
den; fruit-trees.- Address box 1413. ¦ Call. ¦
.. OAKLAND HOARDERS. ..
FURNISHED rooms with or without board;
meals ?5 per week; everything nrst-clasa.
Fifth Ave. House. Cth ave.. and ISth St.,
East Oakland. -.-.¦¦¦
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
RENT low; well-furnished corner house. 932
Fourteenth st.; bet. 2 and 4 dally. .-.¦¦-
OAKLAND ROOMS JT' 0^^-^
TWO furnished rooms In a physician's home;
references required. Box 42U0. Call, Oakland.
O ; AJCL^ND^JFJJRNITURE RESALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap this months ' H."
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
APXR^M^N^~forTlgUrhousek"eepingT7ur n i sh -
cd sunny suit, with kitchen; all modern im-
provements; bath; telephone; $10 to $20 suite.
6T. JAMES, McAllister and Lagima stg.; ".;
BELL (The), 1773 Market — Sunny suites, with
kitchen, gas or coal stove, $12 to $20. ' -
GROVE. . 12a — 2 large connecting front rooms
for housekeepinz. .'
HOWARD. 1214 — 2 or 3 large sunny furnished
or unfurnished housekeeping rooms.
MASON. 502, cor. Post— 2 sunny rooms ' for
housekeeping: coal range, sink, running
' water; reasonable. '•-¦-.-
MCALLISTER, 536 — Nicely . furnished sunny
connecting suites; every conv'ce; $15 and $7.
OAK," 119— Sunny newly furnished connecting
' suite; sink; bath, phone, uas range; $14.
OCTAVIA, 1403. cor. Geary — Bay-window par-.
. lor with kitchen complete; other rooms $8 up.
TEHAMA, 331— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
hot, cold water, also stationary washtubs.
TWELFTH, 120---Neatly furnished front house-
keeping rooms: "private family; select locality.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and '
subscriptions has been established at 1090
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; rates by week" or
month; McAllister cars to door; handsomest
grill room ln California attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth— Rooma,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. ¦
AT Grand Southern, 7th and Mission — Changed
hands; 100 rooms newly .renovated; 50c to
$1 60 night; $2 to $7 week; parlor; elevator.
A— VENDOME. 1104 Market— Changed hands;
renovated; turn, suits. Mrs. V. W.' Miller.
ALL choice neat sunny suites or singles;- day,
week or month; bath; phone.| 332 Stockton.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13t>4)— Fur-
nirhed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1105 — 4 large well-furnished rooms;
suitable small private club or family adult*.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
. furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable. ¦ .
ELLIS, 321 (Mozart)— Nicely furn. rooms, 35c,
$1 60 night; $1 50. $6 week; open all night.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre) — Elegantly furnlsh-
' ed suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEART, '4S3— Well-furnished * single front
room, also suite, for l'ght housekeeping.'.
GENTLEMAN wants a gentleman to share
with him a large suite of rooma In a first
class family hotel. . Address L. H. .C, .28
! Montgomery st., room 14. .
GREEN, 630, near Stockton— $10; . S. rooms;
stove; water connections. '
GOUGH, 1613 — Nicely furnished front sunny
rooms; gas; _bath...,-_ ;_ _ .' t _ U^. .' -
LARKIN, S04 — Large sunny room, neatly ' fur-
nished, suitable for 1 or 2 gents; $6 50.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth — Newly furnished
• bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny furnished rooms .and.
qf flees; elevator, elec. lights; day, week, .mo.
POST. 975 — Neatly furnished rooms; double
parlor or slngla rooms; bath; private.
ROTAL. House, 120 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, -smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $S month, $8 to $30; elevator on -ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN ADartment House. 2S Eighth et..
near Market — Furnished: also 3 unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 1206 (Model House) — Housekeep-
Ing, $4. $6. $10; free gas; bath; newly furn.
WILLOW ave., 14, off Larkin, near Eddy— 2
single furnished rooms; $5 and $0.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at .Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1000
¦Valencia et. . .' . .. „
' ROOMS AND nOARD. .
MEREDITH. 218 Turk— Sunny front rooms;
electric lights; hot and cold water: modern;
first-class board; reasonable; phone South 829.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)— Select
. family hotel; exceptional table;, popular: rates.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites, single rooms; first-class table board.
VAN NESS. €07 — To a- refined couple; large
sunny parlor, with board. In private home.
VAN NESS ave., 915 — Sunny rooms;, excellent
board: $45 and $40: also a suite. .
ROOMS WASTED. ~! ~~
WANTED— Three or four partly furnished
. 100ms; Oakland or suburban; state price.
Box 1429. Call offlce. .
GENTLEMAN wants sunny furnished room
close to Sixth and Market: state particulars
and price. Address box 1425, Call offlce.
SEWIKG MACHIXES A.HD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, ex.; repairing;
lowest rates: phone Howard 3204. 145 Sixth.
-PROPOSALS. . "
PROPOSALS FOR BARRACK~CHAIRS^De-
pot Quartermaster's Offlce. 06 New Montgom-
• ery st., San Francisco, Cal., April in, 1002.—
• Sealed proposals, in triplicate, -will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 10 o'clock a. m '
Friday, April 25, 1902, Pacific Standard time;
and then opened, for furnishing three, thou-
sand Barrack Chairs. ¦ conforming to speci-
fications No. 361. -except that they, be fur-
nlehad knocked down and ' delivery to be
made either at the New York or San Fran-
cisco Depot. To avoid misunderstanding as
to the exact nature of the articles to be fur-
nished, bidders will carefully examine the
specifications, so that proposals may. be sub-
mitted by them with, a full knowledge of
v;hat will be required, as an absolute com-
pliance with the specifications will be in-
tlsted upon in the inspection of the goods, i
Bids differing from specifications will under
no circumstances be entertained. . Bids for
delivery or inspection at other points than
those named above 1 will n-jt j be ¦ considered
' Early deliveries are essential. Bidders must
Btate ' in their proposals the rate and time of ;
delivery, should . contract be . ¦ awarded . to
them. Preference will be given to articles
of domestic production, and , manufacture
conditions of price and quality being, equal
" (including in the price of foreign produc-
tion and manufacture the duty there-
on), and such preference will bo
given to articles .of American . produc-
tion and manufacture produced on- the
Pacific Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
v United States reserves the. right to accept
or reject any or all proposals or any part
' : thereof. Information and blanks for propo-
sals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be indorsed
"Proposals No. 3083," and : addressed to
MAJOR C. P. MILLER. Quartermaster. U.
S. Army. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal., April 23/1002.— Sealed
proposal?, in triplicate, will be received here
'until 11 o'clock a* m. Friday, May 23 1002.
and then opened, for construction of Iron
Wharf. at Angel Island, Cal.,. and also Iron
Wharf at Fort Baker.- Lime Point; Cal.
Government reserves right to reject or ac-
' ceptsany or all bids In- whole or "in part."
Preference given to articles of* 'domestic
production, ' conditions of price, and quality
(including " in the price : of forolgn ¦ produc-
tions the duty thereon) being equal, and such
preference, given to articles- of -.-American
"• production produced on the Pacific Coast ; to
extent of consumption required by ' the ' pub-
llo service there. . Information. furnished on
application to D. D. WHEELER. Deputy
Quartermaster General, Chief Q.M.
' WEpiCAL.
A-DR. O'DOXNELL. \vor!d-renowned epecUl- I
lrt. — I-atfifE. nil ¦who are Elek or in trouble.
oor.FuH the tpeclaltst on fcnale eomplllnts;
ir.erstrual f*-ma!<? complaints positively cor-
1 rccte<J: tlu> unfortunate helped; relief in all
rayes taker.; the most difficult cases treated;
have relieved thousands of most obstlnat*
caaes; free, confidential advice on all subjects
of a delicate nitu-e. DR. G. TV*. O'DON-
XELL. office & rcslder.ee. 1018 Mkt.. op. Sth.
MRS D. WTETH- Wrll-known reliable ladies'
tpecialist; instant relief guaranteed: home in
confinement; hours y to 5 and 7 to S. Re-
moved to 10CiS',i Martlet "St.. opposite 5th st.
ilRP. D. KOHL— Well-known ladies* special-.
1st, t)0 years' experience, removed to 1008^-i
Market Et.. opp. 5th; hours 9 to 5 and 7 to 8.
liRS. SWKET. C0« Guerero st., near ISth—
Graduate of Rcyal University. Berlin; has £3
yeers' experience in midwifery cases; taket
Jadies before and during confinement; best
Jnctherly care; infants adopted; confinements
f 15; room a.id beard 55 week; consult me be-
Jore going elsewhere. Phone Blue 411.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES and HIXDOHEKB
original nifthnd of treatment. Moved from
i:£$ to 1120 Market st.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN*, ladles' reliable special-
ist; maternity hospital: home for infants free;
fe* low. 306 Market St.. opp. Emporium.
2JRS. D. ALLEX. 1113 Market— Reliable la<Ji»s'
Fj- < *c!a.!is:t: a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
LACIE? — Kumrond is safe & pure; never fail?;
jrice ?2. <Jleason's drug Ftore.Clay & Kearr.y.
DR. ROSEN, 1007V. Market st.. nr. Sixth,
treats ladies or.ly; relief in all cases taken.
DR. NG TOT KEE. 210 Stockton St., oppMltn
Vr.ion square: all diseases cured by herbs.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
BQU SPRECKELS buiIdinBrO2""siarket St.—
cheerful offices, $15{r25 per month;
;:f.'ht. heat, janitor and telephone. .
LOFT for rent, 4Px65 feet, for light manufac-
turing purposes; -with water; .$16 montb.
UM. LOAXE. rlumtx-r. 4^9 Fifth st.
ETORE with larpe basement, below Kearny: al-
teratiens to Fuit tenant. 636 Clay, room 1.
OIL.
OIL ty.rks. Snd-hand. In rood order; all elzes:
<->"ap. H. S. WHITE. 130-132 Beale 8t.
AXD DECORATORS.
FIHST -CLASS work: low rates; get fisures. J.
C. ROMAIXE. 040 G. G. nve.: tel. Folk 1423.
PALMISTRY.
Mrs. E. Pearce. scientific business palmist, re-
moved to 104 Turk, r. 2S: 10 a. m. to 9p. m. ;
horoscopes cast by mail, 51; palmistry taught.
MME. G. L. XEERGAARD reads 1 to 4. 700
Post rt.. corner of Jones; phone Polk S37.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. ecientiflc palmist. MB
Taylor et-. bet. Geary and Post :tel. Black 661.
PERSONALS. '¦
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$1J>; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants frfee of eharpe; other suits on install-
ments, (1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
6t.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A— HAVE you pimples, wrinkles, freckles, red
nose, tailing hair, dandruff, eczema, gray
hair, bald head? I guarantee/a cure or no
pay. -.The Bohemian Specialist, 131 Post St.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms.
25c to fl 50 per night: $1 00 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
JK'AT Designer and Standard Patterns Just out;
*¦ newest shirt waists and jackets with postil-
lions and peplums. Call to see at Domestic
office. 1021 Market ft., near Sixth.
THE public are hereby warned that C. H.
MOONEY has no authority to represent us in
ar.y transaction. American Guaranty Com-
l«ny, Chicago.
EAG carpets wove to order and for sale: -also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth, Oakland.
A— WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN. 4S
Ellis, makes colored shirts to order; $1 each;
same as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
HAIR dyeing: bleaching a specialty: shampoo-
ing 5Oc; hair dried by electric drier & dressed
in 30 min. Miss A.V.Doyle.lTCt! Mkt, op. 10th.
Electrolytic removal of moles and superfluous
hair; permanent; painless; free treatment;
work guaranteed. Miss C.Dudley, 1702 Market.
FREE treatments facial massage, using FAN-
NY ERIGGS CARR <Los Angeles) face prep-
arations. LEDERER'S. 123 Stockton st.
AT less than •Sost, uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYOXS', London
tailor. 721 Market gt.
WOXEY loaned at" 1<jw lnteregt; - gold. «n»w,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
«t V. J. HESTHAL' S, 10 Sixth st.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.... 1:10-1312 Stockton n., near Broadway.
A — If your bair Is Tailing or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore.332 O'Farrell;send for circular.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
tlec-trlc needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st,
I MAKE first-class wigs and front pieces;
haircresEing, 25c; shampooing, 50c; manicur-
ing 25c. G. LSDERER. 123 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC needle specialists superfluous hair
£r.d mol«s destroyed. Mrs. H.Eaton. 427 Sutter.
DR. THIELE. German Fpecialist. removed from
110 Geary to 1C1 Eddy st.. corner Mason.
Mrs. Eripire — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; tel. West 25».
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Clothing Parlor, cor. Bugti and Dupont.
'j'a^querade costumes at H. Anderson's, theat-
rical coetumer. 26 O'Farrell; country orders.
Electric & e!ectr:e-light baths, massage, hot air
trr-atmer.t for rheumatism, etc. 233 Geary,r.27.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
electric needle. Dr.&Mrs.Traverse,1170 Market.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all drugglsU.
OXE MINUTE TOOTH-ACHE DROPS CURE
:r3tant!y; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN Ifc CO.. 733 Mkt.
L'R. LAMOTTES FRENCH CORN PALNT, the
best com cure. 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best ln America— The Weekly
Call. 10 pages, sent to any address in tn»
T'rftod Ptstes or Canada one year for $L
PHYSICIANS AXD SIRGEOSS.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation, no detention from business; all
private diseases treated successfully; consul-
lation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfield, 6 Turk.
DR. J. VT. 5EELEY, 207 Powell St. — Specialist
for insanity, fevers and rheumatism; also for
epilepsy, pneumonia and sexual diseases.
DR. C. C. O'DONXELL— Office and residence,
1021 Market ft., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
SPECIAL JfOTICES^
NOTICE is Hereby given that thTMarla Kip Or-
phanage, at 620 Lake et., San Francisco, has
received the following orphan and half orphan
Firis, from Jan. 1 to April 1. l«02: Hazel W
Weft. 6 yr*. ; Daley Rood. 11 yr».; Elsie M.
Moggride. 2 yre. C mos.: Blanche M. Wilson
6 >te.; Erol Goldstein. 10 ym.; Hazel I.Wolfe'
12 yre.; Louisa B. Loeser. 9 yrs. ; Hattie H.
Neindeck, 10 yrs.; Juanita Tomlinson, 12
yrs.; Evelyn Raymaud. 7 yrs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made:
- city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, room' t>-10; tel. SSSO.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDoTpTT^toragTlinT^lovlng^o^
r office Port and Powell rts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard S4L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co., 6.'J0 Market et. ;
tel. Main 1840; chipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2H20 Fillmore st.; j-hone Jackson 2S1.
TVPEWllITERS^AXD SUPPLIES.
GREaTIbXrGAINS TtTt YraWRITERS^A\ : e
*ell better njachines for less money than any
house in the city: rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 530 California: telephone Main 200.
WEUSTKIi Typewriter Inrpection Co. — Expert
typewriter doctor* :estimate free. 2C0 Eaneome.
TYPEWRITING AND MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewriting. 4c folio; copies. 2c; xtArn-
- eographing. 027 Market, mi. 301; Jegg'c 1554.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
TO holders of mortgage bonds of the Market
Street Cable Railway, Park and Ocean Rail-
road, Omnibus Cable. Powell Etreet Railway.
Park and Cliff House Railway. Ferries and
<"tiff House Railway. Market Street Railway
and Sutler Street Railway Companies:
Notice is hereby given that interest coupons
of mortgage bonds of the above-mentioned
• rotnpanir-s will be paid hereafter at the offlce
of the treasurer of the United Railroads of
Ban Francisco, room 00. Wells, Fargo & Co.'s
Express building-. 43 Second «t., San Fran-
cieco. GEO. B. WILLCUTT.
Secretary I.'nltefl Railroads of San Francisco. :
OFFICE of Fireman's Fund Insurance Com-
pany, San Francisco, April 19. 1902— At a
regular meeting of the Board of Directors of
thi* company, held this day, a dividend was
declared payable en and after April 23. 1902.
' LOUIS "\VKINMANN. Secretary. I
107 POWELL ST.n«»ELUS 2XE 50S8
Jihanahan Florist Go,
--; 'Prices Peasohab/eC^'-rl-.
; .PROPOSALS— Continued. '¦'. : ' :
PROPOSALS for Clothing '. ' and Equipage—
Depot -Quartermaster's"; Offlce, '30'New, Mont-
' gOmery St., San Francisco, Cal.,. April' 23,
19Q2.-^Sealed .proposals, - in- : triplicate,', will
- boreceved at this offlce ¦ until 10 o'clock a.
m., Thursday, May S,. 1U02, 1 . Pacific standard
. time, and then opened, for furnishing Waist
Belts, Woolen - - Stockings ;. and • Scrubbing
Brushes. Quantities to pe subject 'to 50 per
cent increase If, desired by T this department."
Bids ,wlll be opened for the . delivery of the
, same . articles at either the 'San. Francisco,
- Boston, -Chicago and Philadelphia depots.
¦To avoid misunderstanding -.as to • the exact
nature -of the articles to be i furnished tbidi 1
ders will carefully examine the,, standard
samples and specifications', so that proposals
~ may be submitted by them .with a - full
knowledge of what will be required, us an
absolute compliance with the shandards- and
specifications will be insisted UBon, • in the
, Inspection of the goods.' .Unguaranteed bids,
and bids '-upon ' samples ''differing i.-from
' standards, and specifications -, will under no
circumstances be entertained: Proposals for
less quantities than advertised for > will ba
; entertained. Bids for delivery or lnspaction
at other points than those named above .wilt
not be considered. Tarly deliveries are es-
sential. -Bidders must state " in their pro-
. posals the rate and time of delivery should
. contract be awarded to- them-.'^The articles
advertised for are the. , same for which . bids
will be opened at the other, depots. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic
production and manufacture/conditions of
' price and quality being equal- (Including in
the price of foreign production -and manu-
• facture the duty thereon), and such prefer-
ence will be given to articles /of American
production and manufacture ": produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service
there. . The United States reserves the right'
to accept or reject any or. all proposals or
ar.y part thereof. Information; and blanks
s for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed ','Proposals No. . 3344," 'and ad-
rtressed to Major C- P. J1ILLER, Quarter-
-. master, U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster..
UNIVERSITY . OF • CALIFORNIA. Berkeley—
y Notice to Contractors. Builders " and Mate-
rial Men: Notice is hereby, given to all con-
: cerhed that sealed proposals or "bids are solic-*
lted for performing the labor, and furnishln*
the materials necessary to the erection of aa
. addition • to the Bacon -Art Gallery and ¦ Li-
brary Building on the grounds of. the Uni-
versity of California at Berkeley, Alameda
County, and said bids or proposals will be
received at room 19. ninth floor. . Mills build-
ing, San Francisco, at or before 3 o'clock
p. m:-of the 30th of April,. 1902; And notice
' is hereby further given that - the plans and
•specifications of -said building hav» been
made and adopted and are placed in the of-
fice of the secretary of the Board of Rtgents,
room 16. South. Hall, Berkeley. Cal., where
the same may be seen and examined during
oach day from 9 o'clock, a. m. until 4 o'clock
"p. m., from this date until said 30th day of
April. 1902. No bids or proposals will ly.
considered unless the same are accompanied
by a certified check or- a bond' of said pro-
! poser equal to ten (10) per cent of his. pro-
posal, with sufficient, sureties, conditioned
that if said bid or proposal- . shall be ac-
¦ cepted the party proposing will . duly - enter
into a proper contract to faithfully perform tho
duty arid obligations, in accordance with said
proposal and plans .and ' specifications, which
bhall be and are hereby required to be a part
.of such" 1 contract. The' right' to reject any
and all bids is hereby reserved. . This notice
Is given pursuant to an act entitled "An
' act to amend an act entitled • 'An act to cre-
' ate and organize the University of Califor-
nia.' approved March -25. 1868. and an act
amendatory of section 25 thereof, approved
March 28, 1872, relating to the construction
¦of buildings," approved March 3, 1897. By
order r of the Committee, on Grounds and
Buildings of the . Board of Regents. 1
¦ - W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
. , LEGAL ADVEKTISEMEKTS.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, • San Francisco. Cal., April
5. 1902. — Notice to claimants: Notice is
' hereby, given ttoit the following, described
merchandise has been seized at this ¦ port
' for violation . of the . United States revenue
laws, to wit: 358 pes metal ware, Aug. 21.
¦ ' 1900; -2- trunks, .wearing. apparel, "etc., March
1, 1801; 1 silkembd'y garment, 1 silk embd'y
coat of 'arms, 1 worsted, shayvl.' March 21,
1901; 1460 packs playing cards, July 8, 1901;
. 000 cigars, July, 10, 1901; IB silk shawls, 3
• silk shawls, < 32 silk handkerchiefs, 3 pes silk,
July 15, "1001; 400 cigars. July - 15, 1901; ;1
case bay rum, July 15, 1901; 307 pkgs. play-
"ing- cards,- -July- 15, 1901; 300-cigars,- July
15, 1901; 9 bottles bay rum, July 15, 1901;
ISO packs playing cards, Julv It},' 1901: 9«
. bottles sam shu, July 22, 1901; 2 Jars saiA
shu, 30 jars Holland gin; 2 silk' umbrellas, 1
1 cane, July 22, l'JOl; 700 cigars. >3 silk scarfs,
July 31. 1901: 3175 cigars, Aug. 0, 1901; 19
gents' undershirts, Aug. .7,' llKJl; 7 gents'
. night shirts, 14V4 doz. prs: ladles' hose,. 15
doz prs. children's- pilose,-. 8^^ doz. gent's
socks, 2 lace scarfs, 4 pes. white silk cloth,
1 pc. white cloth, 4 pes. black cloth, 1 pc.
purple velvet, ti prs. gents' drawers, 5 bxs.
pearl buttons, 1 bundle sample hose, 3G pes.
' lace,* 11 gents' white, bow ties, 1 box sample
buttons, (J small boxes face powder, 6 cards
sample braids; 500 cigars, Aug. 7, '1901; 400
: cigars,- Aug. 7, 1001; 250 cigars/ Aug. 13,
1901; 2 pes. cloth, Aug. 13, 1901; 1 pkg. wool
dress, goods,- cotton lace, cotton goods, cot-
• ¦ ton- hdkf s.~, . mf . -. ¦ leather .- and pearl buttons,
•,Ailsrl3,-:K»0l7 1 T^S.-qutrtamlngrcotton hose,"
cotton' lace 'and leather-Ehoes^-Aug. -13, ; 1901;
• 1 pkg. cotton lace, Aug.*. 13, 1901; ltea set,
Aug. 13. 1901: 250 clsars, Aug. 13, 1901; 3300
• cigars, :Aug. -14, 1901 u 210 cigars, Aug. 14,
• 1901; 200 j bdls. -.Japanese playing ¦¦¦ cards, - 50
bdls Chinese playing cards, Aug. . 19, ¦ 1901 ;
"38 cigars, Aug. 22. 1901; 200 .pkgs. Japanese
' "playinE* cards? Aug: -22, 1901; 1100 cigars,
¦ Aug.* 23, 1901 : 150 cigars. Aug. ( 23. ! 1901 ; OS
cigars. Aug. 29,. 1001;. 29 silk shawls, Aug:
30. J.901 ; 500 cigars, 'Aug. • 30, • 1901 : ' 355
. cigars, Aug. 31, :i001; 1500 cigars, Sept. 4,
1801; 3 llama skin robesr Sept.-, 4, 1901;= 200
cigars, Sept.' 6, -1001; 400 cigars, Sept. 7,
1901; COO cigars, Sept. 12, 1901; 140 packs
playing caijds, Sept. 13, 1901; .75 packs Chi-
nese playinz. cards. Sent. 13, ' 1901; 98 packs
Japanese playing cards, -Sept. 17, 1901; 425
cigars, Sept. 25, 1901; 500 cigars, Sept. 2t.
1901; 1344 cigars, Sept. 20, 1901: 375 cigars,
Sept. 27,, 1901; 300 cigars. Sept. 27, 1901;
7 silk umbrellas, Sept. 27, 1901 ; 65 cigars,
Oct. 2, 1001: 2450 cigars, 60 bottles cognac,
Oct. 4, .1001; 650 cigars, 24 bottles cognac,
Oct. 4, 1001; 5423 cigars. -Oct. 4, 1901; 30
• bottles cognac, Oct. 4,-1001; 4 pes. silk, Oct.
4, 1901;* 535 cigars, Oct.' 4. 1901; 1 silk um-
brella, Oct. 4, 1901; 200 cigars, Oct. 10, 1901;
900 clsars, Oct. • 10. . .1901 : 000 cigars, Oct.
• 10. 1901: 200 cigars,- .Oct. 16. 1901; 1 pkg.
embd'y silk ktmona. 1 pkg. .embd'y linen,
Oct. • 18. 1901: 145 pkgs. Japanese playing'
cards, Oct. 21, 1901;' 200 cigars, Oct. 21,
1001; 847 cizars. Oct. 24; 1901 ;' 1 pkg. silk,
Nov. 2, 1901'; 75- cigars, Nov.- 5. 1901 : 1 75
cigars, Nov. 5. 1901; 562 cigars,- Nov. 5,
1901; 50 cigars. Nov. 5, 1901; 200 cigars,
Nov. 5, 1901; 100 cigars, 'Nov. 14, 1901; 725
cigars, Nov. 14, lJJOl; 46 cigars, Nov. 14,
l'Ml; S9 silk -handkerchiefs. 8 bottles per-
fume, 6 boxes toilet soap, Nov. ,27, 1901; 43
! cigars, Nov. 27, 1901 ; 150 cigars, Nov. . 2«.
1901: 450 cigars, 514 packs cigarettes, Dec.
2. 1901; 300 cigars. Dec. 2, 1001; 28 fillk caps,
Dec. 3.-1901; 8 silk caps. Dec. 3.-1001; 51
cigars, Dec. 3, 1901;. 0 silk handkerchiefs,
6 colored silk emtd'y • shawls, 364 cigar3,
Dec. 3, 1901; 1 pkg. dec. china, Dec. 4, 1901;
2 pkss silk. Dec- G, . 1901; 8 silk handker-
chiefs, Dec. 6,. 1901; 10 silk handkerchiefs,
Dec. 18, 1901; 1 pc. silk cloth, Dec. 20, 1901;
1 lot silk embroidery, Dec. 20, 1901; 2 5-
tael boxes prep, -opium. Dec. 20, 1901; 50
cigars, Dec. 30. 1901; 5S: cigars, Dec. 30,
1901 1 valise containing statuary, Jan. 20,
1902; 2000 cigars, Jan. 20, 1002; 0 pes. cloth,
Jan 20, 1902; 2 boxes statuary, Jan. 20,
1902; 2000 'cigarettes, 4400 cigars, Jan. 20,
li 1002; 9 pes. cloth, 1 pkir. lace curtains, Jan..
' 20 19U2 : : 1200 clears. Jan. 20, . 1902 ; 9 pc*.
cloth, Jan. 20, 1002; 500 cigars, Jan. 20.
1902; 1200 cigars, Jan. 20, 1902; 350 cigars,
Jan. 20, 1902; J9 pes. cloth, 18 woolen shirts,
Jan. 20, 1902; 600 cigars, Jan. 20, 1002; 600
clears. Jan. 20, 1902; 100 cigars, Jan. 20.
1002; 1300 cigars, Jan. 20, 1902; 700 cigars,
Jan 20, 1902; ¦ 10 silk caps. 3 silk shawls,
Jan. 20. 1902; 475 cigars, Jan. 20, 1002; 1 pc.
cloth, Jan. 20, 1002; 1 pc. cloth, Jan. 20,
1902; 2 pes. • cloth, Jan. 20. 1902; -4 pes.
cloth, Jan. 20, 1902: 3 silk shawls, Jan. 20.
. 1002; 2 5-tael boxes prep, opium, Jan. 20,
1002; 1 silver belt, Jan. 20, 1002; 7 pes. silk,
Jan 20. 1902; 1' ladles' silk dressing eack,
Jan. 24, 1902; 1 case (12 bottles) bay rum,
Jan 30, 1902; 9 pes. silk crape, Feb. 3, 1002;
54 packs Japanese playing cards, Feb. 3.
1902 • 300 cigars, - Feb. 8,- 1902 ; 498 boxes
Chinese playing cards, Feb. 3, 1902; SO boxes
Chinese playing cards. *fb. : 3, 1002; 1 tea
¦ ¦-Fet.-Feb.-6i 1902; 20 5-tael tins prep, opium,
Feb 7. 1802:. 1S4 cigars, Feb.' 11. 1002: 1
pc. cloth, Feb. 11, 1002; 300 cigars, Feb. *11,
-1002- a 5-tael tins prep, opium, Feb. 11, 1902-
7 plain silk shawls, 2 embd'y silk shawls, 9
• silk scarfs, 1 pc. pongee b Ik.' 5 bottles kan-
ange perfume. 200 pices.' cigarettes, Feb. 11,
1902; 2 silk shawls, Feb. 21. 1902; 1 pc. silk
.. cloth, Feb. 21, 1902; 14 leather <»lgar cases,
Feb. 21. 3902; 12 pes. cloth, 20 pkgs. tobac-
,.co, Feb. 21. 1002; 15 doz.. bottles perfume,
45 pes. cloth. Feb. 21, 1902; 2C0O cigars, Feb
¦ 21 W02; 2500 cigars, ... Feb. 21, . 1902; - 14
pcB. doth, 3 mouth accordeons, . 4 bellows,
4 musical .albums, 1 4 musical earthenware
beer muss, Feb. -21, 1902; -11 pes. cloth., 11
. pkes. tobacco 8 tins, tobacco ago cigars, 1
zither, Feb.^ 21, 1902; '249 cigars, Feb. 21,
1002; 3403 clears, Feb. 24. . 1902; 1 tea set
Feb. 25. 1902; 1 silk Jacket. March 3. 1002;
17 silk handkerchiefs. .3 silk shawls, March
-•5, 1002: 50 clears, March^. 1902; 1 cs. mf.,
wood. March 5. 1002; 5 cotton crepe klmono3,
- 4 silk coat of arms, March 5. 1902; 8 doz.
prs. hose, 22 hdkfa.. March 13, 1902. -All
¦ persons claiming the above described mer-
1 chandlse, orany part^hereof. are requested
"• to appear, and file claims of ownership with
the underslsmed within twenty days from
the first ' publication of : this notice, » other-
wise the same willbe sold at public auction
Jggy 0^^
CUSTOM-HOUSE.' 1 S^n , Francisco,-* March 31,
' 1902. — Notice. — Certain . goods .remaining one
. - year in ! Bonded Warehouse will I be sold at
public- auction -at, the United States Apprais-
er' 8 Store on . the • 24th ? of April, 1002, .. at 10
o'clock. a. m.- 4 < Descriptive catalogues can be
had ' at the Cufitom-house on - April 1 19, 1002,
', or ¦ at •' the' time and • place of -. sale. ' F. r S;
STRATTOX. Collector. V.-.;'- V, :
ON and after this date I will not be responsible
¦ for any debts:, contracted by my -wife. MRS.
• ANNIES BOWLKS," she shaving -left my .bed
-and board without ; just' cause. CHAS.
'.r bowles. .:¦--¦"¦' --- ".-'--¦. ':¦.¦'.¦¦"-:: ,- -.. ...-
CHEAPEST, and best in America — The .Weekly
• Call, 10 pages. . sent., to i any address in 'the
'. United. States or Canada one year for ?1.
; MABEIAGE LICENSES. :
The following marriage licenses. were. issued
yesterday: . : ." . •¦
.¦: Charles *J. Haars, .37, 023 O'Farrell street,
and Eleanor J. Kennett, 24,. 3S. Silver street. I
Paul , B. Noble. 24, «11 Baker street," and
Inez A." Cook," T2, 2212 Sutter street. - ••¦ ;
William -E.^ Fraser. 25, • 2098 Market street,
and Kittle E. Howard, 24, .1044 Ellis street.-
William O. . Blasineame, • 27, . Fresnd.. and
Genevieve L. ¦ Marvin, 21,' city.* ..'.'¦ ... ;. ¦'
Marvin P. Hughes,- 28, 279 Jessie street,. and
Mamie M. Donovan, 23, Sacramento.' ¦'>'-: .-' r<
Louis -TV Brown. 27, ¦ 1010 Grove street, and
Ella R. Kelly, . 23, 1123 California street, t
Peter "Paul, 27, ¦ 3077 ' Sixteenth : street, and
Daisy D. Cressy.- 20. 514 Hill street.
Joseph L. McFarland. - 58, Washington.- D.
C. , and Mary sE. Burk. 40. 1922 Franklin st.
Joseph F. Doyle,' 27. 462 Frederick . street,
and Emma'A. Leverenz,-"23,-city. — • ¦:--*•-
Joseph A. Fay, 25. 1504V Mission street, and
Isabelle Sheehan, 22, 772 Harrison street. .; '
John RustKard, % 38. 512% -.Baker street, and
Alice J. Osborne. 40, 237 Third avenue.- . - .. j
< Elmer : Anderson. . 21, Chicago, .andvHazel;
Grey, 'IS, city. . .* , ¦:-•-¦
Antona Delucehl, 32, - 425 Lyon street, and
Mamie Rusco, 21, lOli Montgomery street. -
1 Ralph . C. . Blake, : 23, •¦ city, . and Irene Halla-'
han, 20. Oakland. . - - - - - ~ / ¦ , •
William H. Schmidt, 29, 531 Turk street, and
Ernestine Brogley. .19. 1034 McAllister street. )
EIRlHS-MBRMES-HlEim; ;
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by-
mail will not be inserted. Theymust.be handed
in at either of the publication offices ..and 'be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.' ¦
born.; -v .
ADELSDORFER— In this city. April 22. 1902,;
to the wife of Ernest Adelsdorfer, a daugh-
' ter. i ¦ 1 ¦;,-¦ ¦ ¦ 'i-\ ¦' ¦¦< ¦¦•¦- - , j
HULING — In this city. April 21. 1902, to the
¦ wife of T. R. Hullng. a daughter. ; ••¦¦¦ ,. -'
, MABBIED.
FRASER— HO WAED-Ini this city. April 23.
1002, by the Rev. Frank: Kline Baker. Dr.
William Edward Fraser and Kittle E. How-
' arc!, both of San- Francisco. • . - - ¦'¦¦•; -•-
: ; ' ¦"...'¦. '.¦; ... ; . .-.died.- j V- : : ]
' Andersen. Dora A. . McWilllams.' Emma.'
Baker. Carrie H. Madden. William
Becker. Leana .. • Majory, William
Clark, Emma '. ' Moldrup, August J. -
Curless. - Mrs. Lois . . Mulligan. Mercy. M. -•
Ertola, Giuseppe " Mulligan. Peter '
Gargan, Theresa V. Raphael, Gussie -- j
Goehr, Edna E. ' Richardson, Frank 1
Heiden, Mrs. F. : Robinson, John
' Hesthal, Mary M. " , Samson, George , ;
Hogan, Eileen. C Small, Maria
Holland, John Walton. James W. L .
Holland. Louisa C. West. Charles C.
Hullng, Maria ' " Williams. Lawrence-
. ¦ Lawton. Robert • Wucherer, . Margar- ;
* Le Fevre. Nellie •-.•'•• ethe ...
McCarthy, Callaghan
ANDERSEN — In this city, April 23, 1902, Dora
Annette, .beloved daughter of | Theodor. and
Maren. Ander«en, and sister of Charles A.
Andersen and Mrs. Fred Jacobsen. a " na-
tive of Norway, aged 24 years 1 month and
13 days. •.:¦ , ¦¦.-.. -'¦.,, • ¦'/,
BAKER^-ln this city. April 23, 1902, Carrie
Hoyt.wlfe of Charles F. Baker, mother of
Roy B., Harold H.'and Gertrude E. Baker.
and daughter of < N. B. and E. R. Hoy t, u
native of San Francisco, aged 40 years.
C? Friends are respectfully invited- to. at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Friday),
at 2 o'clock, at the residence of her brother,
J. G. \Hoy t, 407 Fairmount avenue. ' near
Pearl, ' Oakland. Cal. Interment private.
BECKER — In this city, Anril 20. 1902. Leana
Becker, a native of Alsace, aged 40 years. ,
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
CLARK — In this city, April 21, 1902, Emma
Clark, beloved wife of William A. Clark, and
mother of Calla Clark, a native of Sweden,
aged 32 years. - . '
' ' • ICXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
I dence, 1016 Webster street. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery.. .,» . ¦•.:
CURLESS — In Oakland, April 22. 1902, Mrs.
Lois E.- Curless, widow of the late Dr.' Wil-
liam Curless, mother of W. A- and J. H.
Curless, and sister of Oliver J. and Cornelius
Y. Hamilton, a native of Worcester, Ohio,
aged 4S years 0 months and 19 . days,
(Truckeo,and San Jose, Cal., papers please
. copy.)\ .- • - ¦.-•-. -: . ¦ ' - - .
IET Interment at Truckee, • Cal.
ERTOLA— In this city, April 22. 1902, Giu-
seppe Ertola, beloved j husband .of Josephine
Ertola, and beloved" father of. Arnold. EUear
nor and - EUDhrosyne ¦ Ertola, .a native of
Italy, aged 35 .'years. •¦ ¦" J . * • — ' '<
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Friday,
April 25, 1902, from his late residence. 1510
Dupont street,- between. Union and Filbert,
thence to Masonic Temple, Montgomery and
Post- streets. Interment Italian Cemetery.
GAROAN — In Lbs Angeles. April 22, 1902.
Theresa V., dearly beloved daughter of the
late Murty and Catherine Gargan, and sia-
¦ ter' of ""Edward -¦ Gargan,- Mrs. - J. - F. Ring?
B Mrs- M. G. Buckley and Mrs. William Dee-
ney, a native of Half moon Bay. ¦ San Mateo
County, aged 33 years and 3 months.
(£7 The funeral will take -place ¦ to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenuft,
thence to St. James Church, Twenty-second
and Guerrero streets,' where'a requiem-high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of -her
soul/ commencing .at 9- o'clock.,, , Intermen t-
I Holy' Cross Cemetery. ..' .'.:.'".' "¦".."!'.
GOEHR — In" this city; :Aprtfc«23,: 1902, • Edna
Elizabeth. ¦ beloved child of Louis and Helen
: -E. Goehr, a native of- San- Francisco, aged;5
years 2 months and 0 days.
HEIDEN— In Oakland, April 23. 1902, Mrs.
Friederlcke Heiden, aunt of Rudolph Lemke.
a native of Germany, aged 71 years and 8
months. •-'.-. ' ¦¦- , ¦• ¦
HESTHAL— In this city. April 22. 1902. Mary
M. Hesthal. beloved mother of F. E. • Hes-
\ thai and the late Mrs. W. J. Hesthal, a na-
tive of Germany. ¦ ' " ¦ , ¦
¦ (E7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2, o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 37S0 Seventeenth street. ne.ar Sanchez.
HOGAN— In this city. April 23, 1902. of diph-
theria, at the parents' residence, ,930 Pacific
street, Eileen Concilia, beloved daughter: of
Bart J. and Teresa Hogan, a native of San
Francisco, aged 3 years and 9 days.
HOLLAND — In this city, April .23, 1902. John,
beloved husband of the late Ellen. Holland,
and father of Mrs. Josephine Mockler, a na-
tive " of Ireland, aged 04 years. •
CCTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30. o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 129 Duncan street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, . commencing at i) o'clock. Interment
private. .
HOLLAND — In this city. April 22, 1902, Lou-
. lsa'Car611ne. dearly beloved :wife of Daniel
Holland, dearly beloved mother . of Queenle,
Flora, Herbert. Jessie, Gertrude, Alice and
May Holland, Mrs. E. M. Connolly and Mrs.
E. M. . Eisfelder, and sister of Mrs. • Henry
Luke, a native of England, aged 53 years
and 8 months. - , .
(CXFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 547 Castro street. . . . - ,
HULING— In this city, April 23. 1902. Maria,
¦ only daughter of T. R. and * Mary Hullng,
ased 2' days. - - ; , . ¦ . :
LAWTON— In' this city, April 22, 1002, Robert
5 Lawton, a native of New Brunswick, agtJ
• 63 years -6 months and 12 days. A member
¦ of Journeymen Shipwrights' Association.
It^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to. attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
James McMenomey & Son, 1057 Mission
street, onnoslte new Postofflce. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
LE FEVRE — In this city, April 23, 1902, Nel-
lie, beloved wife of Eugene L. Le Fevre, and
¦ mother of KelseyF. Le Fevre, a native of
Virginia City. Nev., aged 22 years 9 months
"and 8 days. ; ... . , 1
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday),' at 9:30 o'clock, from' the- family
residence. ' 802A' Lyon street, thence to Holy
Cross Church for services at 10 o'clock. In-
terment ' Holy Cross - Cemetery, by .11 ;S0
. o'clock - train, from -Third /and Townaend
v streets. ' • ..,•'.
MCCARTHY — In this city, April 23, 1902, Cal-
laghan J. McCarthy, a native of - County
Cork. Ireland, aged 45 years. . r .
CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J.C. O'Connor & Co., 707
Mission street. .
McWILLIAMS— In Alameda, April 22, . 1902,
Emma- May • McWilllams. dearly beloved
daughter of Kate and the. late. William Mc-
: Williams, and .beloved- sister of Mrs. R. H.
Countryman and the late- Kate D.- McWil-
llams. a native of San Francisco.
inyFrlenxla and acquaintances are respect-
, fully Invited to. attend the funeral services
to-day ; (Thursday), at 12:30 o'-clock, at tho
HENRY; J-'CALLACHERXO.
¦ i' (Successor 1 to Flannagan '& Gallagher.):
¦¦:"¦¦ -DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. •
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
¦ 20 Fifth -St., opposite ; Lincoln School. ...
• . : , Telephone South 80. ' \-
Mt Olivet Cemetery;
'-. ' - : -KEAREBT THE CITT. ' -',.""¦ ,
Office, S!6 Market Street.
¦'y.i ¦¦').¦' ''-. Telephone ' Bush 367,- ' . ' ' -: ' . ', '
NEW FIRM' OF UNDERTAKERS.
' Samuel McFaddcn. IS years manager for
"the United Undertakers' -Association ;M. J.
McBreartyr with" the same company for 10
years; P. P. .-Green, late with J.'C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened, new Funeral Par-
- lors ' at 1171 < Mission st..' between Seventh
; and Eighth.. Telephone South 44;.. . . .
1 1 jambs mcginn;
' Formerly ¦ with • JJeG Inn ¦ Bros.; has ¦ opened
new- Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st.. bet.
¦Taylor and 'Jones. Telephone South 876.;;.
"The family of tKe'late'Emil" Jbrgensen
wish to thank their friends I for ; their kind-
ness in their great sorrow. MARTIN JOR-
GENSEN, MRS. C. VON ROSEN, MRS. P.
DANIELSEN, MRS. C. BLOHME.
CARD OF THANKS
lETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the Darlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral . to-day
' (Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery:
WUCHERER— In this city. April 23, 1902,
Margarethe, beloved wife of Gustave Wuoh-
' erer, • mother of Lena, ! Louise. 1 Freda '. and
-Margaretha Wucherer, <¦ and -sister of Mrs. J.
' Straessler, ' Mrs. W. Wucherer and- Mrs. M.
' Arnold "of '"Oakland, --'a "native ?of Wurtem-
. berg, Germany, aged 30 years 2 months and
•'4. days. - •¦ U> ¦ ¦" : ¦•'¦' i . ¦¦ - ¦¦,.' "• '
'C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 11 o'clock, at. Albert
Brown's funeral parlors, 468 Thirteenth,
street, Oakland. Interment private.-
WILLIAMS— In this city, April 21. 1902. Law-
rence B.. beloved husband of Mamie Wil-
liams, a native of Arkansas, aged 42 years
1 month and '19 days. (Little Rock, Ark.,
papers please copy.) .
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully 'invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from Franklin
Hall, Fillmore street, between Sutter and
Bush, where services will be held under the
auspices of King Solomon's Lodge No. 260,
F. and A. M. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
¦ tery-
WEST— In Oakland, April 22, 1902. Charles
Calvin West, beloved son of J. P. and Mary
A. West, and brother of Walter E. and Wll-
• liam D. West and Mrs. E. F. Selleck. a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 40 years and 0 days.
(Illinois and Indianola, la., papers please
copy.) ¦..¦_-
t^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the . funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his -late
residence, 1025 Natoma street, thence to St.
Jcseph's Church, where a requiem high raa»
will be celebrated: for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. " / ' v •
RAPHAEL — In Amador City, Cal.. April 21.
.1902, Gussie. beloved daughter of Nathan
and Elizabeth Raphael, aged 28 years.
RICHARDSON— In this city, April 23, 1902,
Frank A. Richardson, beloved son of Edward
C. and Ef fie S. Richardson, a native of Kan-
sas, aged 12 years 7 months and 12 days. .
ROBINSON— In this city, April 22, 1902. John
- Robinson, father of Neils John Robinson, and
grandfather of John. Fred. William and Ed-
ward Robinson, a native of Sweden, aged SO
years 11 months and 19 days, r
SAMSON— In this city. April 22. 1902, George,
beloved husband of Beasie Samson, a native
of Dundee, Scotland, aged 43 years 5 months
and 14 days. - ¦ '
SMALL— In this city, April 23, 1902, Maria,
.beloved wife of William S. Small, and sis-
ter of Henry H. Kinne of Redwood City,
Mrs. C. R. M. Pratt of Duxbury, Mass., an<t
Marshall Kinne of El Paso. Texas, a native
of Nova Scotia, aged 65 years 4 months and
_ 22 days. ¦ ¦
WALTON — In this city. April 23* 1902. at hla
: ,residence, 3955 Eighteenth : street, between
. Noe and Sanchez, James W., dearly beloved
' husband of • Elizabeth Walton - (nee Glein),
devoted father of Belmont, Merced, - Carlos
and Gladys Walton, and brother of Mrs. - E.
Williams, a. native' of San Francisco, aged 39
years 11 months and 23 days. A member of
Farnsworth Lodge No. 95, I. O. O. F. . -
E7"Requiem mass at St. Jamea Church to-
day (Thursday);- commencing , at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by train
' leaving Valencia-atreet station at 10:40
- o'clock. '
MULLIGAN— In "this city, Acril 22. 1902.
Peter, beloved husband of the late Mary
Mulligan, and . father of James. William,
Peter Jr.. Joseph. John and Theresa Mulli-
gan, Mrs. M. - Dignan, Mrs. S. Stemwood,
Mrs. T. J. Rodgers and Mrs. -.P. Hughes, a
native of County Longford, Ireland, aged 75
years 2 months and' 20 days. . . > ¦
O" Friends and .acquaintances are respect-
. ' fully invited to attend the funeral services
' to-day , (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, -at' his. laic
. residence, 1713 ¦ Webster street, ; between ¦SvtX-
5 ter and Bush. Interment Laurel Hill Ceme-
'• tery.; -•-•¦¦ • . • ¦ . . ¦¦ • •
MULLIGAN— In this city, at' her residence,
, . 1305 Guerrero - street. . April 21. 1902. • Mercy
M.,., relict of John Mulligan of • Healdsburg.
a native of Enosburs, Vt., aged , 84, years 7
'months and 4 days'.'
<". ¦ E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
•< fully invited to attend the funeral- to-day
(Thursday), at 0:30 o'clock; frtfm the par-
lors of J. . C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church for
I services at 10 o! clock. Interment Holy Cross
¦ Cemetery. "• ¦' \ • 1
MAJORY— In this city. 'April 21. 1902, WU-
11am Majory, aged 50-years. . •¦
MOLJDRUP— In this city. April 22. . 1002.' Au-
. gust J., beloved husband of Louisa Moldrup/
1 and father of William. E.. Henry L., Kath-
¦ erine L., Charles M.. Edward J..- Florence
• E. and Eva L: Moldrup. . Mrs.' J.- A. Snell
I and the. late Frederick. A. and Louisa. E.
Moldrup; a • native of Denmark, • aged U7
years 5 months and 1.'! days. -•
funeral parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission
street. Interment private. Please omit flow-
•"ers.- ¦ . -¦ ; ' • - ¦ • : ¦ • -.,-.-.
MADDEN— In ' { this city. April 22. 1902. Wll-
, Ham,- dearly beloved- husband of Ellen 'T.'
Madden, and. devoted father "of Annie, Wll-
¦ llam'J. and John L, Madden, a native of St.
John, N.;- B.;- aged 57 years. '- • .'•>;..,¦United .States , Circuit Judge Morrow
has ordered the entry of ajudgnnent by
default against the Central Trust -Com
pany of New, York, the. United States
Trust ' Company \ of -New York and the
Central Pacific Railway Company- of Utah
on the supplemental complaint filed June
27, 1899, in the case of Walter Morshead
against the Central Pacific Railroad Com
pany, the Pacific Improvement Company,
Collis P. Hunting-ton and others to en
force the payment of 420 shares of Cen
tral Pacific Railroad Company stock pur
chased by the plaintiff, and for an In
junction and an accounting. The attor
neys for the defendants claim that they
ha ve - not ] defaulted, and they will move
that the case be reopened.
Default in a Railroad Suit.
Adams' Sarsaparilla Pills.
Spring medicine. to purify the blood, Consti
pation. Biliousness, Sick Headaches; 10c, 25c. •
Pending the renderlnr of the opinion by the
Honorable Attorney General the enforcement
of ruling 473 will continue suspended
After due consideration of the arguments
submitted, under date of April 14, 1901 (see
internal revenue rullnc*~ S01. in current treas
ury decisions), ruling 473 was reaffirmed and
it was announced that the Honorable Secre
tary of the Treasury would be requested to
submit the matter to the Honorable Attorney
General for His opinion.
Replying to your request for & rullnc unon
the question "aa to whether stocks placed in
escrow or es a collateral security for a loan
rhould be stamped," in which you probablv
r^rer to internal revenue ruling No.. 473 dated
February 8. 1902. in which it wa, held that
• memorandum used in delivering slock as s*
curity for the future payment of money printed
en an envelope, or any similar memorandum
required a etamp, you are advised that "the
enforcement of this ruling was suspended dur
ing the pendency of argument and the con
sideration of briefs filed in behalf of the New
York Stock Exchanse." . w INew
Treasury Department Decides That
A matter of considerable interest to
business men dealing in stocks was tem
porarily decided yesterday by the receipt
by Internal Revenue Collector Lynch of
the following letter from J. W. Yerkes
Internal Revenue Commissioner, at Wash
ington-: .
for the Present They Will Not
Be Required.
NO WAR TAX STAMPS
ON STOCKS IN ESCROW
The" United States Civil Service Com
mission'announces that- on June 3, 1902,
an examination will, be held. at San Fran
cisco and other cities for the position of
assistant matron. Cantonment Indian
School, Oklahoma, at a salary of $400 per
annum, and a similar position at Rapid
City school, South Dakota, at" a salary of
$480 per annum. Age ¦ limit 21- years or
over. - Persons who desire, to compete
should at once apply either to the United
States Civil Service ] Commission, Wash
ington, D. C, or to the secretary of the
local board of examiners, postofflce, for a
copy of the manual of examinations and
application form 1093. The application
should fce properly executed and filed with
the commission prior to the hour of clos
ing business on May 23, 1902.
TJ. S. Civil Service Examination.
Fight for Chairmanship.
While the. Republicans/ of the State who
are battling for good principles and party
success have not united on. a candidate
to oppose the Gage machine, they have,
by common consent, decided to support
Hon. Jacob H. Neff of Placer for chair
man of the convention. The friends of
Preston, Flint. Pardee, Ed son. Short and
Outter are willing to trust Governor Neff,
knowing that he will not take orders
from Burns and Herrin. George Knight is
recognized as Gage's candidate for chair
man of the convention. No doubt manv
delegates will be instructed to vote for
Governor >*eff and some may gret Instruc
tions to support Knight. The Gage
manipulators will not be able to pro
gramme the ticket from top to bottom If
the convention organizes by electing Xeff
chairman.
The manner of electing delegates to
represent the cities of San Francisco. Los
Ansetes, Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley,
Pasadena, Vallejo, San Diego, San Jose,
Sacramento. Fresno and Stockton is set
forth in the primary election law and can
not be changed by the committee. Poli
ticians of the Gage machine expected
early in the campaign that the Supreme
Court would overthrow the law but the
force of public sentiment in favor of the
act impelled the bosses to change their
tactics. It is quit* well understood that
the workers attached to the Gage ma
chine will do whatever they can under
cover to encourage the appointment of
delegates by county committees. There
is, however, in the executive committee
a strong sentiment In favor of the prin
ciple of requiring all - delegates to be
chosen • by primary elections, j The Gage
men talk of a compromise plan, by which,
each county may decide the question for
itself. The decision would" "be" rendered,
of course, by the county committee. It
is in the power of the State Central Com
mittee to recognize the people or refuse
to them recognition. The reference
of the issue to the counties would have
no other result than a big crop of con
testing delegations. There is more at
stake than the office of Governor, Repre
sentatives in Congress and Justices of the
Supreme Court are to be nominated. What
is wanted Is a fair deal and a chance for
all Republican voters to participate in the
election of delegates to the convention-
Voters will resent county committee ap
pointments by holding primaries and elect
ing ether lelegrates. The issue vill thus
be passed up to the convention's commit
tee on credentials. .
Oppose Appointment of Delegates.
Questions touching the methods of se
lecting delegates to the convention will
eurely be considered. There is an earnest
desire upon the part of Republican vot
ers of the State for opportunity to par
ticipate In the election of delegates. De
nial of this opportunity will subject the
committee to deserved censure and pro
voke discord in the party. i
The executive committee of the Repub
lican State Central Committee will meet
at the Palace Hotel next Monday even
ing. General George Stone, chairman of
the party organization, yesterday gave
directions for calling the members of the
committee together. Important business
will be considered at the session. The
members of the committee who do not
live in San Francisco are: Charles N. Fel
ton, San Mateo; William Barr, San Ra
fael; Douglass "S. Cone. . Red Bluff;
E. C. vHart. Sacramento; Allen
B. Lemmon, Santa Rosa; W. M. Cut
ler, Marysville; J. W. McKinley, Wal
ter F. Parker and J. S. Slaussen, Los An
geles, and C. S. Hardy, San Diego.
A time will be fixed for a general meet
ing of the entire State committee, at
which meeting the time and place of hold-'
Ing the State nominating convention will
be designated.
The recommendations agreed upon by
the executive committee at the meeting
Monday evening next may be ratified by
the State committee.
Gage Manipulators Hope That the
County Governing Bodies May Be
Authorized to Appoint Dele
gates to State Convention.
Several Important Matters
Will Be Taken Up for
Consideration.
In the sack which contained the tools
Detective Reynolds found a memorandum
book In which there was some data, from
which he expects to gain a clew to the
bold operators. What he ¦ learned from
the book he would not divulge. ¦_/¦'
The police believe that a gang of Chi
cago safe-crackers have' recently arrived
in the city and that this is their first at
tempt at doing a job. The locality chosen
is an especially dangerous ¦ one, ae it is
well guarded at night time by watchmen,
as. .large sums of. money are always .on
hand in the offices of business men in that
section. The' acquaintance with the prem
ises shown by the burglars evidences ex
treme care in their preparations and
marks them as particulanly dangerous in
this line of work. /Everr effort will be
made to apprehend themj and it is be
lieved that they- will either be caught or
else compelled to leave the dtv before
they can secure another kit of tools and
resume operations.- ' ¦
¦ No locks "were .broken on the doors to
either of the ; offices and it is supposed
that.-the . burglars; gained- entrance- to the
room -by* climbing through the windows
from -;the .adjoining building. I The win
dows were raised, which ' is an unusual
occurrence in the office, and none of the
clerks or proprietors can recall that they
were left open at the close of business
the evening before.
The detectives found that the safe
crackers had gone about their work with
the utmost deliberation. They had at
tached a peculiar kind of. lamp to the
electric light wires- in the room and by
the rays of this they bored four holes
Into the safe door. There is a high de=k
in the, room alongside the, safe which
kept the light from showlng^at the tran
som or at the windows. % *
• ¦ "Work of Clever Crooks.
William Henderson, the janitor of the
building, discovered the attempted crime
at 4:30 in the morning. He had come to
his work slightly earlier than usual and
opened the outer door of Johnson & Hig
gins'. office with his passkey. He passed
into the inner office and was startled to
find the door of the safe swung open and
a quantity of drills, braces, bits, feeders
and other burglar tools scattered" around
on the floor. A glance convinced him that
the inner door to the safe was still intact.
He went ; downstairs at once and found
Special Policeman Wigmore, who is em
ployed as watchman on the block. Word
was telephoned to police headquarters and
a patrol wagon with Detectives Reynolds
and Armstrong went immediately to the
place.
Janitor Hakes the Discovery.
The outfit of safe-cracking tools re
covered by the police at the scene of the
attempted job is worth, commercially, at
least >500. and is the finest and most com
plete ever captured in : this city. Every
tool that criminal ingenuity could devise
to expedite and lighten the work of open
ing vaults, and all of them of the finest
workmanship, comprised the collection.
In addition to these there was a strong
electric battery, capable of generating a
current that would instantly melt steel
bars. The tools completely filled a large
gunnysack and were the object of mucji
interest from detectives at police head
quarters.
Beyond the inner door of the safe lay
over $8000 In gold coin and negotiable se
curities valued at more than $16,000. With
the outfit possessed by the safe 'crackers
another half-hour would have put them
within reach of this treasure and they
would have escaped with the plunder. The
tools are the only evidence through which
their identity may become known.
Seme accidental and unexplained inter
ference early yesterday morning prevent
ed one of the most daring and sensational
safe-cracking exploits that has occurred
in this city within recent years. An at
tempt was made to gain entrance to the
safe of Johnson &- Higgins, insurance
brokers, on the second floor of the build-
Ing at 315 California street, some time
after midnight. The outer door of the
safe was bored through and . the bars to
the lock melted in twain by a powerful
electric battery. One hole was started in
the inner door, but for some unaccount
able reason the burglars did not complete
their work/
Gold Is Almost Within
Their Grasp.
Eight Thousand Dollars in
Chairman Issues Call for
First Meeting of the
Campaign.
Make ¦ Attack on Strong
¦
Box in an Insurance
Office.
REPUBLICAN
EXECUTIVE
COMMITTEE
SAFE-CRACKERS
DO DARING JOB
Poundmaster James WV Walton died of
pneumonia yesterday morning at his resi
dence. 3955 Eighteenth street. "Walton had
been connected I with the : Society | for the
Prevention of Cruelty; to Animals for fif
teen years and was in charge of the pub-'
lie pound for. the past \ three, years. He
was a member of King Solomon's Lodge
of Masons and was also prominently iden
tified with the Odd Fellows -andv Native
Sons. ¦ • . ¦ ' ... v v : . ¦
Death of Poundmaster/ Walton.
Charles Holbrook, through the agency
of A. T. Green & Co., has purchased. from
Robert Dalziel the property on" the south
east line, of Mission . street,' 275 feet from
Second street, for $125,000. The sale means
a profit of, many, thousands ' on the prop
erty for Dalziel. According to the brok
ers the lot was bought by Dalziel in" 1897
for $43,000. Upon this improvements were
erected that cost $32,000, so that the.en
tire .property cost Dalziel about $75,000
The lot is 71:4 feet on Mission street, with
a depth of 160 feet, and 97:6 feet on Minna
street in the rear. The principal improve
ment Is a modern brick building- of four
and one-half stories, occupied by Dalziel
& Moller. i. This has been .leased to the
firm by Holbrook for the term of • five
years at the rate of $350 per month.
Property at Handsome Advance
Over Original Price.
Charles Holbrook Purchases Dalziel
LARGE BEAXTY SAI^E .
- O1T MISSION STUEET
¦ McCoy notified the police, ani in less
than half an hour Detectives !t»ga.i and
O'Connell and Policeman Harry O'Day
arrested one of the robbers in a room' at
316 Third , street. He had been living
there, for about three weeks ,' and the po
lice believe his object was to : watch .; for
a time when the old man had money, in
the house from rents collected. The pris
oner gave his name as James Crornbhe,
and after being identified by McCoy - as
the thug who went through his . pockets
he was booked at the City Prison • on a
charge of robbery. The officers hava an
accurate description of the other- thug
and his arrest soon, is certain. , • ¦-"• ¦
McCoy was in the house alonaat the
time. He has tw.o sons, -who live .with
him, but bo^h were attending to their
business. •: One is Peter McCoy/ the well
known baseball player. The old man was
for years head man for the late Senator
James G.' Fair, and amassed a comfort
able fortune. He owns a number of
houses in the 300 block on , Third • street,
among ¦ them & being- the ¦" one ¦ ' where
Crombhe had a room. The • old • man had
seen him in the house when calling for
the rent and was. able to at once recog
nize him when he came in. to rob' him.
He does not know the .other- man, .but
would be able to promptly identify him.
Thomas McCoy, an old man -living | in
the rear of , 314 Third street, = was
robbed by -two men: -about ',3 \- o'clock
yesterday afternoon in his residence. Onei
of them grasped him by the ¦ throat and
choked him, while the other went .'through'
his pockets, securing his gold watch and
chain and about $350 in silver. • The old
man was . warned : that if he ' made j any,
outcry he would.be strangled to ' death/
After, robbing him the two thugs ran
away.- ¦¦. ' ¦_• _ ¦'.'¦¦'. -' . ' . • ¦' ¦¦ '• •
Two Thugs Hold Up
Thomas McCoy : at
His Home. ; ;
CHOKE AND ROB
AN OLD CITIZEN
The Pollard Lumber Company was in
corporated yesterday for $300,000. • The di
rectors, each . of whom has subscribed
$1000. are Thomas Pollard,- Thomas Pol
lard<Jr., S.- E. Slade. David Gill, C. D.
Gill, A. W. Pollard and W. S. Pollard.
D. P. Gray,, A. T. Eastand, A. L. Mc-
Pherson; and, John A. Britton are the di
rectors of the Folsom. Consolidated Com
pany, which, was incorporated yesterday
for $100,000.
New ; Incorporations.
Get your moving, shipping and storing done
by Beklns Van and Storage Co., 630 Market. •
When the case of Gustav Mahoiiey, one
of • the 115 poker players arrested in the
Cafe Royal, was called before Judge Fritz
yesterday his attorney, Norman O. Byers,
said he would . withdraw his motion to
dismiss, as he and Assistant District At
torney Whiting had agreed upon a state
ment of facts to be submitted so as to
test the constitutionality of the ordinance.
Onthat showing the case was continued
till to-morrow. •
Caf e Royal Poker-Players.
The, War Department has Issued orders
for the following named officers to leave
for Manila on the transport Logan, which
is scheduled to sail May 1: Majors R. H.
Wilson. Eighth Infantry, and S. Ai "Wolf,
Nineteenth Infantry: Captains A. M. Ful
ler of the Ninth Infantry, W. L. Simpson
of the Sixth Infantry, M. P. Steele ot the
Sixth Cavalry and E. L. Walton of the
Nineteenth Infantry; Lieutenants Hllden
Olin of the Thirtieth Infantry, A. F. Hal
pin of the Eighth Infantry and J. B. Shu
man of the Twenty-eighth Infantry. Six
teen men of the. hospital corps and eighty
unassigned recruits will also leave on the
Logan. - . '
Troops to Sail on the Lojjan.
Talk over the details while you lunch at
the Cafe Zinkand. •
The trial of John T. Riley, charged with
the "murder- of Otto Ekbert, a non-union
teamster, on . Townsend street, between
Third and Fourth, on November 9. was
continued -before * a Jury in Judge Cook's
court yesterday. The evidence was npt
of -a startling nature, being chiefly con
fined to the Identification of the pipe
which the murderer wielded and state
ments that the defendant had been heard
to make threats against Ekbert. The
witnesses examined - for the prosecution
were John M. McAfee, Dr. I* D. Baciga
lupi, autopsy . surgeon ; Charles Johnston,
W. H. Clubb, W. Moldenhauer, John
Card, Patrick J. Graham and Detective
A. R. Hamlll. .
William Grant, a marine engineer, was
called 'for the defense. He testified that
he was on Townsend street on the night
In question, going from his work, and saw
a man strike another on the head with a
piece of Iron pipe. The man who struck
the blow was bareheaded- and twice the
eize of the. defendant. He saw him run
away after striking the blow. The case
will be continued this morning.
and a Witness for Defense
> Examined.
Case for , the Prosecution Is Ended
BILEY'S MURDEH TRIAL
DRAWING TO A CLOSE
British Admiral Arrives Here.
Vice Admiral Sir Harry Holdsworth
Rawson, . K. C. B. R. N., the newly ap
pointed Governor of New South
Wales, in the commonwealth of
Australia, arrived here yesterday,
accompanied by • Lady Rawson and
their children. He is en route to Aus
tralia. Sir Harry Rawson has partici
pated in many engagements and his pres
ent appointment is in recognition for his
work, for .-the: British Goverment in the
past. -.-¦-.¦¦¦'
You will still have time to secure a
ticket for the Southern Pacific personally
conducted excursion through thevbeautiful
Napa . Valley to Calistoga, returning to
Napa City for -luncheon and carriage
drive of two .hours. Train leaves San
Francisco 9:30 a. m. to-day, returning 6:25
p m. The total" expense, Including
luncheon and carriage drive, only J3.90.
Not Too Late.
• The .Board' of {Bank' Commissioners Is
sued a license yesterday, for the establish
ment of , the • Bank of • Richmond at Rich
mond, Contra Costa County. The new in
stitution will commence business to-mor
row: . The ".-bank's -authorized' capital -is
$30,000. which is I fully subscribed. William
Mintzer. has ; beeni chosen president; Har
vey: Ellis,'/ treasurer; ¦ W. S.: Stoddard, sec
retary, and -Waverley Stalrley, cashier.
Issues License for New. Bank.
.::: ... ; : Mae Magrane, a young lady re
siding at 451- Buena -Vista .avenue. . The
story of -'the. bold assault . on v Miss Ma
grane was • told exclusively in .The Call of
yesterday morning. Mis3, Magrane was
walking home from , her sister's house,
which is -located at the . corner.- of Ful
ton and Devisaderb streets, and when she
reached j the corner of Buena .Vista ave
nue and Haight street; she was set upon
by -lhe . unknown ) miscreant - and thrown
to the ground. .''The footpad tried to
stifle the young lady's screams ! by chok
ing her withapiece^of wire, which -.he
threw over, her head' in : the, form of a
noose. . Fortunately for j I Miss *x Magrane
the thug was' scared off before he could
rob her.. ¦'¦ ' • "" •¦"'¦ :'''i.~ ','¦".""¦¦'
The young lady, was still suffering from
the shock -yesterday -and* was 1 unablo to
talk 'to Detectives-Bell and 'Dillon. Her
sister informed the officers that the un
fortunate young lady -would be 'unable to
identify the ; man because ."he , wore a
mask. -All the assaulted girl remembers
Is that he was shorthand sAckily built.
With his meager < description to work
upon the officers began their investiga
tions. - The* only clew in their possession
is the wire, that- the ; man 'used in his
daring at tempt, at robbery. They searched
the park very carefully ¦ for the musk
used by, the ruffian, but their efforts
Lwere in' vain. , •¦; ." -
¦ Mrs. Dr. Ragan, .'who saw, the assault,
stated . that it occurred under her win
dow.- -. She heard -the screams of Miss
Magrane and raised the • window to Bee
what was the- trouble. As ' soon as she
caw the .man struggling with the young
lady she I screamed. ¦ The ruffian then
lookedup afher'.and she noticed he was
masked. . Frightened at the screams
emitted by- Mrs. Ragan .and. his victim,
the. man .tried .to grasp Miss •• Magrane's
diamond earrings, .and, falling In this,
rushed-up the pathway, into .the park and
disappeared. - ; •" ¦ ¦ '
' <The assault was a ' particularly daring
one. > It -was a- bright' night; and the thug
tried to ,rob ¦ hls,ivictim. on a street that
was- far from being" deserted , because of
people 'walking, home. '• He had followed
the ¦young -lady '.for more- than a block.
Intuitively- she knew she - was - being fol
lowed and was on the point -of rushing
to Dr.Ragan's house for protection when
she .was grabbed from behind; The mis
creant threw his wire over the~ young
lady's :_head " and - in- turning, sharply
around she wrenched one of the ends out
of his -hand. . ' . ' / '->.» -V- '.;
A .t-T..!-T-T..?..t..T~T..T..t»!~!";";-:»I-:"?-T..T..t..t. A
ETECT1VES Bell ; and Dillon
were detailed yesterday by Cap
tain, Seymour to search for the
_____ I thug who tried to strangle Miss
Georgiana B. Cook, who was married
to Dr. Channing B. - Cook, a prominent
physician of New York and a brother of
Superior Judge Carroll Cook of this city
in Oakland eleven years ago, was granted
a divorce by Judge Hebbard yesterday.
She testified that her Husband drank to
excess. Mrs. Cook was awarded the cus
tody, of their daughter, aged 8, and $100
a month alimony.
Judge Hebbard granted Mary E. Large
a divorce from W. Large on the ground
of desertion. They were married in Sep
tember, • 1900. i Mrs. Large said her hus
band left her the day they were married
and has not since returned to her. She
was allowed to resume her maiden name,
Mary Boyle. 1 . -.--¦
Divorces were also granted yesterday
to Jessie B. Taylor from A. M. Taylor
for neglect. May Estelle Burke from Har
ry J. Burke, convicted of a felony: Em
ma .Shea from Christopher Shea for de
sertion and failure to provide, and Zula
Lee , Roscoe from Howard A. Roscoe for
desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by C. J.
Probst against Christina Probst for de
sertion, Emillie E. Smith against Harold
C. Smith for failure to provide, Charles
A. Meyers against Marguerite Meyers for
desertion, Edith F. Williams against Ed
ward M. Williams for failure to provide,
and -Dora A. Mowry against George M.
Mowry for failure to provide.
William Wagner was granted a divorce
from Carrie Wagner yesterday by Judge
Graham on the ground of extreme cru
elty. Wagner testified that his wife hu
miliated him and made his life miserable
by calling him names and abusing him
in the presence of visitors to their home.
Judge Graham also granted Catherine
Brunsch a divorce from . J. L Brunach
for desertion and failure to provide.
The Bishop said that he felt proud that
at the - present day , the . Christian faith
touched every point of the globe. He was
going to the Philippines full of zeal, he
•said,- but looked for support in this coun
try to help -him in his work. , He stated
he thought that as long as "the stars and
stripes" floated over the islands this
country - was responsible for their moral
condition. - ' -•
The Right. Rev. Charles B. Brent, Epis
copal Bishop of the Philippines, who is en
route to the islands, delivered a stirring
address to the ladies of the Home Mis
sionary' Society at the Occidental Hotel
yesterday afternoon.
Islands It Is Responsible for
Moral Conditions. -
Says That While This Country Holds
_ - ' ' ¦ ¦ • . - >
YOUNG> r OMAN WHO "WAS \ VIC
TIM OP BRUTAL THUG AND DIA
; GRAM OF SCENB OF ASSAULT.
EISHOP BiENT ADDRESSES
HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY
William Wagner Secures
a Divorce on Ground
of Cruelty.
SAYS HIS WIFE
HUMILIATED HIM
Braun admitted that he had been steal
ing at every opportunity for several
months past, and gave the detectives in
formation which led to the recovery of a
large amount of the loot. A violin valued
at $300, which was -stolen from Dr.
Kadesky of Alameda on March 28, was re
covered and also about $1000 worth of
surgical instruments and dental supplies.
In Braun's rooms at the Golden West
was a large amount of clothing and other
plunder which he had taken from restau
rants and theaters. Nearly everything
that was movable . looked good, to him.
and he admits plying his trade at every
opportunity. Altogether there are about
f^?'^ eparate thefts, the responsibility for
which he has acknowledged. It is thought
by^the police that he has a criminal rec
ord elsewhere. Nearly all of the stolen
articles will eventually be recovered.
• Braun . dressed well, lived the easy life
of a man about town and roomed in com
lortabie. apartments at the Golden West
.Hotel. Since tne iirst-of the year com
piaints have ' been coming in to police
Headquarters ot articles missing from
dentists' and doctors' offices, and always
accompanying tnese was a description of
a wen-tirussed stranger of affabie man
ner, who • when askea his business would
inquire where he could secure the serv
ices or a trained, nurse, j It wasn't a nurse
he needed, but a policeman. - ¦ -' • -
On April 7 a suit case containing dental
supplies, to the value of Iol3ua was stolen
from an office in San Jose. The supplies
belonged, to J. W. Rooch, 916 Market
street, and he made a report to the San
Francisco police. Detectives Kyan a*id
O'Day succeeded in locating some of this
stuff in a pawnshop, and -the description
given of the seller tallied with that of the
man in search of a nurse. He told the
pawnbroker he had some more stuff to
sell, and the detectives shadowed the
place - for three days_ waiting for the
thief's return. He did not come back,
but he went to Oakland yesterday and
called on a doctor, who became suspicious
and "telephoned Chief Hodgkins, what
placed the suspect under arrest. Word
was telephoned to the detective depart
ment of this city and Detectives Kyan.
and O'Day. brought the prisoner across
the bay. .
Swell bets on the ponies and a love for
fast life are the inducing: causes given by
Martin Braun for becoming a thief. For
three months or more he has been looting
the private offices of dentists and doctors,
and has secured in that space of time
plunder to the amount of $300<).
Half a Hundred Thefts Are
Traced to a Cunning^
/- Stranger.
Plundered for Many-
Months.
Martin Brauiijidmits He
SAYS HE STOLE
BY WHOLESALE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, AJPRIL 24, 1902.
MISS MAGRANE SUFFERS
FROM ROBBER^S ATTACK
Young Lady Who Was Seized^and
Last W^d^l^0^^^^^^^^^^J^
14
[ '. ADVEBT1SEMEMTS.
What's the use of going to a store and seeing
only three or four styles of $3.50 Shoes? Come
where you can look at scores of them!
Also, you get more than variety herer-the
shoes are a dollar and two dollars better than
you can get anywhere else for the same money.
tSave yourself a lot of worry and V
misspent time by coming to us direct . O
for your Summer Shoes— they're here. *f\A,
Shoes and Oxfords— in all the new
toes and extension soles; every kind of leather and
shape ,to^fit every foot and please every taste.
Money-Back Shoes, too— good wear or a
new pair. '
Why pay Five and Six Dollars? Our price
$3.5O— never less! By mail $3.75. r .
WALK=OVER SHOE STORE
F. F. WRIGHT & SON,
iff 25?§p?£ 924-6 Market Street^ ' £$$!*;
That Will Pay You to
Walk Down to Our
Store To-Day.
Or RING US UP,
SOUTH 386!
VjerU For CHILDREN'S PRETTY-
OOC PERCALE DRESSES. . neatly
made, with front of doublo box plaits.
between which Is an under portion o:
. white • pique, giving a vest effect. Bre-
telles trimmed with linen lace gives a
I flnlshtns touch. Skirt extra wide and fln-
-• lshod with deep hem. . Regular value $1.
<C 1' A fZ For CHILDREN'S SAILOR
«J) 1 »T-O SUITS, . made of Grass Linen
• and prettily trimmed ¦ with blue pique;
:' collar braided; sizes 4 to 14 years. These
' Jaiinty little suits were usually sold
for $2.00. . i
AQ r For WOMEN'S BLACK UNDER-
OcfW SKIRTS, made of good quality
' • mercerized Italian cloth. .• three ruffles,
flounce lined; regular value $1.00.
O PZ r*" For WOMEN' S ' BLACK • AND
UOC WHITE STRIPED SATEEN UN-
• DERSKIRTS, accordeon plaited; . grad-
" uated flounce; flounce lined; regular $1.50
¦ quality. , . .
QO r For WOMEN'S GRASS LINEN.
UOV OR COVERT CLOTH OUTING
SKIRTS, trimmed with braiding; regu-
¦larly fold at $1.50.
QQ r For ona of those popular ALL
VO^ OVER LACE WAISTS, that were
, Bold at $1.50. All sizes on hand.
<Jk1 Ofh For the new GRASS LINEN
<?!•*" WAISTS, neatly trimmed.
with 4 rows of Valenciennes insertion;
. tucked front and back; $2.00 value.
ftJL' 7^ F °r Dress SKIRTS, made of
V"» l ** the new spring materials: all
stylishly; cut skirts; we've only about
¦ two ' dozen - on hand; regular value $7.00.
• 12li:i214;MARkiiT ST.,
' . Between Taylor and Jones.
; "_ WE CLOSE AT. SIX O'CLOCK.
* % . . * — ~
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY-FRtPaY-SATURDAV
TELEPHONE AND MAIL ORDERS
.EECEIVB PROMPT AND CAREFUI.
ATTENTION.
Eagie Jiiilk. 2 tins 25c
Regularly 15c a tin.
Eastern Bacon, lb. ..... 18c
Sinclair's Fidelity— finest Quality.
Regularly 20c
Brazil iNuts, 2 lbs. -25c
New croa— Just arrived.
Regularly 20c a lb.
Creamery Butter, square. 35c
Our usual hlfh-srado quality.
Chi.e bauee, bottle 30c
Millar's genuine Spanish calls sauce an
• Indispensable aid to good living.
Regularly 40c.
Appetit oild. 2 tins. . . .25c
A delicacy from Sweden. ----- -
Regularly 20c a tin.
White Labor Ale and Porter, dozen.. $2.00
Regularly |2 25.
Rock and Kye, bottle.. 60c
Best Rock Candy and pure- Rye 'Whisky.
Regularly 65c.
Sweet Piwkled Figs, pt jar 25c, qt Jar 40c
Very dellciou.. \ '
Regularly 30c and 50c.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
39 STOCKTON ST., near Market
TELEPHONE MAIN 5523.
A Besides being headquarters for t£y
B Eyeglasses is the largest »
II Scientific Instruments, \ |
II KODAKS, j j
« Photographic Supplies. B
For Stomach Disorders*
Cout and Dyspepsia
DRINK
B Wm Czf Effia PSCtfebk- T*^fl K| B W* ffivxl
Best NATURAL Alkaline! Water
: . v' 220 BROADWAT. Hf. T.
1 " ~ ¦ :
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ANATOHY?
A CA iMiiuxjaTSMjrt.astTa.s.r.eji. g
\ SST Th« L*rj«t Anatomical Museum In th- \
m _jliro"rj_ World. WnkaoMi or an contracted A
Stt^Kfi 0B< J2SDAH-DJSEASES OF HEN A
?S!te^8 Consultation free tnd strictly PT i7ate \
I J r TR » Afitin Curt in erery etseuaderikS 7v
A & II »»ln»Wo book f»t mm) ' A \
Y Dft. JOBDAX 4t CO.. 1051 Market St. S P 9
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
COKE! COKE!
Cheap, Glean Fuel for Grates, Fur-
naces and Cooking,
There Is no fuel that will compare with cok»
Delivered in «ny quantity. Country ord«rj
loUcited P. A. McDONALD. SIS Folsom at
Strengthen Your Eye:H
***£%£*§&&? Wit^ OEOROE MATERLE--
J&^S^v" ' ; " rman E J"» Water, 5(V\ al
<BJB3L^«' '°X' Market «t. Tel. BouiS
¦612.
Hole's. • | Eale's.
' " % ' '" " ¦ -
-^= r i t "^ • For what you want. That's the way
i "«* mjwMx*^' many folks trade— after they iind out
- ¦ w w . u « how nice it is. When you get our
Mouse Helps nunber -
You Heed. Exchange 602
; Downstairs? Yes Our private operator will connect you
Big and bright and busy enough to r *g&& Ttmt * t °' the 8tore you
be the main floor. - U
Toilet Paper 5c— Medicated, fine \
tissue, 800 sheets to roll, or flat W/vitittCr p2l«P*r*
WrUIIlg .r dpCr.
Fela-NapthaSoap-^c. Buy Over the Telephone.
Imported French Castil© Soap
13j4c bar— white. First comes this
Curtain Stretchers $1.25— Adjust- n . „ , . - . , B
able to any size curtain; strong, / noyal Velvet Tinted Paper.
well made and simple to adjust. - T . . , '-.' ' . u
Chamber Pails 25c— 12-qt. size. In ** ot<i slze ' wlth envelopes to match
assorted japanned colors. —lavender, blue and cream. -Oc box.
Coal Scuttles 25c— Measure 18 Whiting's Irish Linen Paper— Note
. inches; are black, japanned and size, new style envelopes; very neat
strongly made. and dainty— -3c box.
Clothes Baskets 59c— Made of good _ ., ., _ . __ ., '-. : - .
willow, closely woven, strong and of SulDurt's Koyal Vellum — Paper and
•food finish. _ ( envelopes, the • very latest thing,
C n^%g^\ S as 6 f^rF^s ln fn"d St e1!c d n newest -kind of envelopes; gray,
fold has four bars. blue and lavender tints — 3oc.
K Sun Bonnets.
Values We Never Heard. of in
San Francisco. )?£^3iL
Had to buy ten times more than we Q <^%ir- / "^ .-^^^
ever had to do-'ft. But we knew we t* i^ffjf^*^^
would sell more if we could give folks \__ T^^S^
more for their money. So we went right
to people who make nothing but sun- /^PTfe
bonnets. Their styles are more orig- Jj^lW
inal, materials and making better than^sJ^ r/ \
ordinary — bound to be. That's all they /' j
study. Concentrate, too, in their sell- U
ing. Don't sell to retailers — they. can't buy big enough. We can. We've
six stores. Think of.
New Bonnets at nc, 14c, 19c
We could easily sell at 25c — either women's or children's.
llc-ONES are children's lawn; Shaker style: plain buff and pink.
14c-0N£S are women's and children's; calico In white, red, blue, lavender;
also figured. . \
19c-ONES ARE PERCAIiB. children's In plain garnet, blue, red, white; wom-
en's are plain, also white and striped.
BONNETS AT 25c— Comes plain pink and blue, as well as pink and blue
grounds with white polka dots, lace-trimmed frill. . •
rGet -The; Best"!
|> I For the needs of health and <j>
|> strength the • physician . al- «|>
x ways says "Get the best." x
X "'"¦- '" i^&s^ ; .~ '"¦¦'¦ '¦¦'¦ -V' '-'"'¦&
itiliiiittSii
| mm Baltimore |
| |Sp^A!i22 Most Perfect &
? rif^yL^ii! .Whiskey Made f
y w*S5rfw](^f3lua I* is particularly X
v ei^TJ&ftwOTTT^l recommended to «>
t> W X \ JKtl women because x
? BwBBBMligflBi °* * ts a £ e an< * ez ~ 4>
K raj&HflJBmHBHa ¦ cellence. <*>
% ' CHRISTY A WISE COMMISSION CO. Juc., / <J>
S> 2234235Ca.]lfornia8t.,S«inFraTicisco,CaJtf. X
. . Telephone Main 873. v -••<!>'