VOLUME XCII-NO. 23.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY; JUNE 23, ,1902.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Gallant Officer, Who Is Loved by All Under His Command, Back
From Philippines and Will Retire From Active List Next Month.
Now Awaiting Orders and Expects to Be Called to Washington
GENERAL WHEATON RETURNS
FROM HARD-FOUGHT BATTLES
LATEST . PORTRAIT . OF . THE
ENGLISH COMMANDER IN
SOUTH AFRICA; - '
Y ONDON, June 22. — A
m dispatch to the Central
. News from Shanghai
says that the Chinese cruiser
Kai Chi was wrecked to-day
by a terrific explosion while
lying in the Yangtse River.
The Kai Chi sank in thirty
seconds and 150 officers and
men on 'board were killed or
drowned. Only two men on
board the cruiser escaped
death. ' .?"• <
CHINESE WAR
VESSEL SINKS.
CREW IS LOST
LONDON. June 23.— The tribute of
Count von Waldersee to the British army
in his speech at the dinner given by Earl
Roberts has been received with the great
est satisfaction by the British press, and
his remarks are commented upon this
morning as an official repudiation of the
insinuations recently published fa too
anflophobe press.
Pleased With Von Waldersee.
. It ; is ¦ regarded with some significance
.that Dr. Barlow, the famous specialist,
has. taken up his residence at Windsor
Castle, where he still remains. It is said
"in. explanation of thl3 that'it was simply
decided to leave no precaution . unobserved
for the safeguarding of the King in ihe
NEW YORK. June 22.— A London cable
gram to the Sun says: It Is certainly to
be regretted that it has not been consid
ered best to issue a plain statement of
the King's condition, signed by the at
tending physicians. Instead of this an
attempt has been made to create the im
pression that his indisposition has been
so trifling that it was no more worthy of
note than an ordinary cold. It is not
alone the untrustworthy rumors which
have aroused public suspicion and alarm.
A prominent member of the King's
household Is responsible for the state
ment that the first symptom of the
King's illness was a fainting fit. Two
others have admitted that his sickness
more ; serious than the public has been
led to believe.
the King's Condition.
Suspicious Regarding Statements of
BRITAIN WANTS THE TRUTH.
Such an enormous crowd gathered at
Alexandra Park on Saturday night to
witness the military . tattoo of .the col-'
onial troops that the people invaded the
reserved space and became uncontrolla
ble. Another unruly crowd that gather
ed to-day to witness the military church
parade had to be scattered ' by a stream
of water from a fire hose before the pa
rade was possible.
Queen Alexandra *was seen in Windsor
Park yesterday, riding, horseback for the
first time in. many years, i
of the Transvaal here. to-day, In the pres
ence of a large assemblage of people. He
was heartily cheered by those present and
a salute in his honor was fired from the
fort.
Mayor Groth of Union Hill, N. J., swore
in 200 special policemen to-day as a pre
cautionary measure against any trouble.
The same step was taken by the author
ities of North Bergen.
three days* trying ordeal at the end of
the week. It is further admitted that the
King has become somewhat nervous
about himself, the result of his over
tasking his strength for the past few
weeks. As he has great confidence in Dr.
Barlow the latter has remained at Wind
sor more as a companion than a physi
cian.
NEW YORK, June 22.— Twelve hundred
silk-workers employed In the Hudson
County, N. J.. mlll3, met to-night at
West Hoboken and decided not to go to
work to-morrow. These workers repre
sented abou^ 50 per cent of all the em
ployes in the mills of that section. ThJs
move Is made to express sympathy with
the Paterson mill workers who are out.
The weavers are divided into two sec
tiens, one portion favoring going to work
in the morning, regardless of existing
conditions. It is pretty certain that,
should the decision be for a. general stop
page of work until the troops depart, the
shut-down will be long and protracted.
PATERSON, N. J., June 22.— There was
no disorder here to-day, though tHe>
streets were filled with the curious from
other places who came to see the militia.
Several houses In the Italian quarter
were visited by the police to-day, who
searched them for arms, but " the visits
brought no result. The militia is on guard
at the mills and some men of the detail
are stationed at the upper windows ot
each place, armed with rifles.
Throughout the Sabbath.
Militia Remains on Guard in Mills
QUIET DAY IN PATERSON.
' Lord Lansdowne, the Foreign Secretary,
intended to be present at the dinner, but
was* prevented because of slight indispo
sition:
i Many of the privileged persons who
will occupy seats in Westminster Abbey
next Thursday will, se , little if anything
of . the actual coronation ceremonies.
Quite a number of the peeresses and oth
ers who were admitted to . the > abbey to
witness the recent coronation rehearsals
were chagrined to find how little could
be seen from the seats allotted to them,
and, in consequence, ," they have decided
not to occupy these seats, but to accept,
in preference, invitations; to view the pro
cession from points along the route ; of
march, where they will not have •• to
wait so long, and where • there * will be
less restraint- < • • / -,- ¦¦•,
Earl Roberts concluded by calling for
a toast to, Emperor William and the
German army.
- "I can assure your Excellency that we
soldiers are deeply sensible of the kindly
feeling which prompted you to speak of
the army in such appreciative terms."
Replying, Earl .Roberts ; complimented
Count von Waldersee upon his distin
guished services in China, - and thanked
him in behalf of the British army for his
allusions to the work in South Africa,
Lord Roberts also said:
"BOBS" REPLIES IN KIND.
"We German soldiers know how ' diffi
cult was the task the British army had
to accomplish In South Africa and that
this task was accomplished with bravery,
humanity and the utmost devotion to the
country." .
crts. In toasting King Edward and the
British Army, Count von Waldersee paid
a high compliment to Earl Roberts. He
said: ¦ ' • ' ¦ -
The quarrel between "Oom Paul" and
Dr. Leyds results, it Is said, from a dif
ference of opinion growing out of the re
cent signing of terms of peace in South
Africa by Lord Kitchener and . tne Boer
leaders.. Kruger, as is well' known,: re
fuses to reconcile himself to the death of
the Boer republics, and the feeble old
man cannot tolerate any one who is of
the opinion that the burghers should now
accept defeat gracefully.
PRETORIA. June 22.— Lord. Milner, who
was British High Commissioner in South
Africa, took the oath of the Government
It Is said Leyds recently obtanied im
portant concessions in the Dutch colonies
and will abandon diplomacy, to devote
himself to the development of commercial
enterprises. . ' ¦* •
ger of the Tranvaal republic,
and Leyds will soon announce that he is
no longer connected in any way with the
South African republics.
ym ARIS, June 22.— The. astonlsh-
B B& Ins information has been re-
EL mmm J^r ceived that Dr. , Leyds has
Bj . had a bitter ' quarrel with
<«¦ former President Paul Kru-
Meantime the civil authorities were
cemmunicated with and it was decided
to call out the militia. Seven hundred
and fifty mounted men from the Niagara
camp left Niagara with their horses to
night and will arrive at daylight. In ad
dition 300 of the Queen's Own, 200 gren
adiers and 200 Highlanders have been or
dered to parade at the armories. Sev
eral hundred extra policemen were also
sworn in to-nisht.
At the Dundas street barns another
crowd Intercepted the cars and they were
turned back, . The company then decided
to abandon the effort to-day.
The attempt to run out five cars at the
King-street east barns was attended by
scenes of the greatest disorder and vio
lence, several persons being injured by
flying missiles, including W. H. Moore,
private secretary to President Mackenzie.
He was hit in the face with a brick and
severely hurt. All five cars were badly
shattered in less than five minutes after
they made their appearance.
Similar scenes were enacted at the
other barns. An attempt was made to run
a car from the Yorkville barns around the
belt line. A big stone thrown against the
.window., dashed ;the glass* into* lictormaa
Johnson's face, badly lacerating it. and he
was struck by a number of stones and
was otherwise maltreated. Johnson per
severed, however, and made the circuit
of the line.
Several of the imported men were
roughly handled. This morning cars
were started simultaneously from the
barns at King street, Queen street. Tork~
ville, Dundas and Yonge street. A crowd
had gathered about the entrance of each
barn awaiting developments. Th© ap
pearance of a car at the Tonge street
barn was the signal for hooting and yell
irg. The crowd called upon the crew to
desert the car. Their refusal to do so was
followed by a shower of stones and
bricks. Every window in the car was
smashed and the crew left their posts and
ran Into the barn.
TORONTO, Ont, June 22.-The first
attempt made 'by the Toronto street rail
way to run their cars with men hired to
take the places of the striking motonnen
and conductors was met with violence.
Only one effort was made to reopen the
traffic and the temper shown by the strik
ers and their sympathizers convinced the
officials that it would be Impossible to run
cars without strong protection. It was
therefore decided to appeal to the author
ities for troops and to suspend operations
until their arrival to-morrow morning.
Count von Waldersee and the German
officers with him were entertained at din
ner to-night by Field Marshal Lord Rob-
Count von Waldersee, one of the.Ger
man representatives to the coronation;
the Duke and Duchess ' of Aosta, from
Italy, and many other distinguished rep
resentatives of foreign royal personages
arrived In London to-day.
American flags were in evidence at a
great number of windows. Some hotels
are flying both American and British flag3
from their staffs in honor of the many
American visitors domiciled within.
The throngs in the street at night find
much to e,ngage the eye. The fronts of
many buildings are covered with lighted
decorations, and the Venetian masks are
covered with garlands and connected by
strands of roses. The streets\are filled
with many-colored lights, and the various
stations of the royal coronation proces
sion are marked with arches representing
British colonies.
STREET DECORATIONS.
The crowds out to-day were singularly
good-natured, and accidents were few
and of a minor character. The police
are distinguishing themselves even more
than usual by their courtesy and alert
ness in the interests of pedestrians. Ken
sington Gardens and the beautiful groves
about the Crystal and Alexandra palaces
are filled with colonial'and native troops,
clad in scarlet, white, khaki and blue uni
forms.
The congested condition of the streets
of London throughout to-day furnished
an omen of the conditions of travel
through these streets the latter days of
this week. The barriers across the streets
which intersect those through which the
coronation processions will pass and
which have now been completed are prov
ing an impediment to ordinary traffic.
To-day it was impossible to proceed fast
er than a snail's pace through the thor
oughfares between Hyde Park and the
Mansion House. The omnibus companies
have increased fares two, and three times,
and further increases in these rates are
probable. The obtaining of a scat in an
omnibus was to-day more a question of
physical than financial ability.
SUNDAY BAND CONCERT.
At the.comman'd^of thef^ King. V many
thousands of per^/ns.'- '•.¦ww^'j- admltted^Jto
the east terrace of Windsor this
afternoon for the Sunday band perform
ances. The terrace was crowded. The
King and Queen listened \ to the music
from the windows of their private apart
ments. King Edward's appearance does
not justify the sensational rumors of his
illness.
King Edward's health was announced
to be good, at Windsor Castle to-day, and
this morning the King attended divine
service, accompanied by other, members
of the royal family. This evening he en
joyed a carriage drive thrqugh the royal
gardens of Windsor Castle, in a closed
carriage. The court will arrive at Buck^
ingham Palace to-morrow, ; bef ore lunch
eon time.
The announcement that King Edward.
Queen Alexandra and the court .would re
turn to London from Windsor to-morrow
at noon increased the universal anticipa
tions for that day and served to quiet the
flood of extraordinary rumors concerning
the" King's physical condition, varied in
some quarters by : welrd tales: of plots to
assassinate the King, and other fictions,
all of which have been, promptly denied
by the officials most Intimately connected
with Edward VII.
LONDON, June 22.— The . reappearance
to-day of brilliant sunshine after weeks
of rain and murky weather gave to the
first , day of coronation week- an air of
unusual gayety and gladdened the hearts
of thousands of British subjects from all
parts of the empire and the thousands of
foreigners who are pouring into' London,
eager to witness as much of this week's
events as possible. :.-.-' , ¦; •
Mounted Troops Are
Hurrying to the
Scene.
Companies Unable to
Reopen Traffic
in City.
American Flags Are
Everywhere in
Evidence.
Vast Throngs^ Block
Streets of ttie :
Capital. :
Hooting Crowds As
sail Crews of the •
Streetcars.
British Nation Re
covers From Its
Alarm.
Former President of Transvaal, Unrecon=
ciled>to Death of Boer Republics, Resents
Former Agent's Acceptance of Inevitable
KRUGER AND LEYDS
IN BITTER QUARREL
MOBBING
TORONTO
CARMEN
HEALTH
OF KING
IS GOOD
BRILLIANT SUNSHINE USHERS IN CORONA TION WEEK IN LONDON
AND ALREADY THE METROPOLIS IS CROWDED WITH STRANGERS
BOISE, Idaho, June 22.— The eyes of the
two-weeks-old child of Mr. and Mrs. Wal
ter Whlttaker- of this city have been eat-'
en out by a solution of nitrate ot silver
administered by a nurse under the in
structions of a woman doctor i'or sore
eyes. The infant screamed itself into in
sensibility, and the cause of its awful
sufferings was not discovered until an
oculist was called in. There is general
indignation here over the case. The of
ficers are • investigating it and prosecu
tions will follow. • ¦. ¦•¦¦>¦ - ¦ .
DOCTOR'S PRESCRIPTION
ROBS BABE OF SIGHT
Agua Dulce was captured without re
sistance. The Government gunboats went
up the bay as far. as the town itself.
When the revolutionary forces sighted
Jhem they fled from the town, leaving be
hind 300 . head of cattle and one sailing
vessel full of produce.
As the Government forces approached
the town more than 100 Government sol
diers who had previously been captured
by the revolutionary forces under Gen
eral Herrera and had been incorporated
in the Liberal army joined the Govern
ment troops under command of General
Berti.
PANAMA, June 22.— The fleet of Gov
ernment gunboats returned here this aft
ernoon with news that the town of Agua
Dulce had been captured on Thursday.
Approach.
Resistance When War Vessels
Colombian Revolutionists Offer No
GOVERNMENT GUNBOATS
CAPTURE AGUA DULCE
When Agulnaldo fled after the battle of
San Jacinto General Otis withdrew Gen
eral Wheaton from the field of operation
at this point and placed him in the dis
trict of Cavite and Batangas, in the cam
paign under General Bates. , He was later
stationed at Calambra, and while serving
there he was promoted to be a major gen-
General Wheaton, who was suffering
from fever during the whole campaign,
was very ill the day of the fight. In the
morning his surgeon had forbidden ' him
to leave his quarters. The general, how
ever, with a temperature of 104, was. in
the thickest of the fight, and he remained
there until the bridgewas taken.
PACIFIES NORTHERN LUZON.
On April 25 of the same year General
MacArthur moved forward against Calum
pit, and after a hard fight, in which Gen
eral Wheaton's command distinguished
itself, the American troops captured the
town. On June 8 General Wheaton re
ported to General Lawton and was di
rected to proceed to San Pedro Macati
and assume command of a provisional
brigade made up of the First Nevada
Cavalry, the Colorado and Twenty-first
Infantry regiments and a battery of ar
tillery. The command numbered 2000. At
that time the insurgents occupied all. of
the bay shore line from the present gov
ernment corral at Pasay to the Cavite
navy yard. They could be seen plainly
on the beach at Bacoor and Paranaque
by the aid of field glasses. The plan of
the campaign was to flank the insurgents
out of their position along the bay. On
June 10, the hottest day on record in the
Philippines since American occupation,
the troops moved out of San Pedro Ma
cati to Guadaloupe Ridge and fought a
running fight all day, the insurgents re
treating and the American soldiers ad
vancing. Three days later the battle of
Zapote Bridge was fought. This was a
terrific engagement, and was at the same
point that the insurgents defeated th©
Spaniards with enormous loss in 1896. At
the later fight the heat was terrible, the
burning tropical sun beating down upon
the troops in a fearful manner.
FOUGHT DESPITE FEVER.
again assumed command in person am
defeated the insurgents.
' General Wheaton refuses to discuss. the
water cure methods, and says that such a
thing does not exist in the Philippines
to his knowledge. He is accompanied by
his staff, consisting of Captains Charles
R. Howland, aid; Frank B. Webster and
Louis A. Bash.
General Bell did efficient work. The
troops under his command u-aversed
every trail and climbed every, mountain
in an endeavor to find the insurgents,
whose only idea was to keep out of the
way. During this campaign General Bell
¦was of untold value to General Wheaton,
and finally Malvar, a self-styled presi
dent, surrendered and the island was at
peace.
On, May. 19, 1901, General Wheaton re
ported that armed resistance in the De
¦partment of Northern Luzon had ceased
In Southern Luzon, however, warfare stil
continued, and General Wheaton was in
structed to establish order in this terri
tory. He sent for General Franklin Bell
who was then in command of a brigad<
in the north, and outlined a plan to re
store peace.
eral of volunteers and assigned to com
tnand the newly created Department o
Northern Luzon. . He had 30,000 troops un
der his command and at once commence
putting down guerrilla warfare. His pol
icy was firm, but far from cruel.
He assumed command and gave the
enemy a severe thrashing. As soon as
the fisht was finished he proceeded down
the railroad track to Blgaa, where he
Then followed the famou3 fight on the
railroad track, April 11, 1893. The battle
extended from Guiguinto to Bocave, the
insurgents attempting to cut off tfie
American line of communication. In this
engagement the Minnesota, regiment was
Borely pressed, and a request was sent
to General Wheaton for reinforcements.
The moment the gallant officer received
the news he started on foot for the scene,
calling on his staff to follow him. As
he passed the camps of the different reg
iments he- personally aroused the troops
and ordered them to follow him. At 3
o'clock in the morning he arrived at
Guiguinto— just in time to see the in
surgents attack in force.
With several engagements to his credit
General Otis soon recognized General
Wheaton's fighting ability. The Pasfg
had again been opened for navigation,
and General Wheaton was relieved and
placed in command of the Third Brigade.
First Division, Eighth Army Corps. This
brigade was not idle, and took part in
the famous movement against Malclos.
Malolos, the insurgent capital, fell, and
th2 Filipinos made their escape up the
railroad track.
HIS ABILITY RECOGNIZED.
When it became apparent that Aguin
a!do and his insurgent army would make
serious trouble for the United States
after the fall of Manila, General Whea
ton was dispatched from this country to
the Philippines in post haste by the War
Department. He arrived there, how
ever, a few days after the hostilites had
broken out. He was immediately assign
ed to the command of the First Brigade
of the First Division, Eighth Army Corps,
with headquarters at San Pedro, Macatl.
Later he was assigned to command i a
provisional brigade, with orders to clean
out the country between Manila Bay and
Pasig. General Wheaton did not allow
the grass to grow under his feet, and
he defeated the insurgents at Guadaloupe.
He followed this up the following day
by defeating them at Pateros, and two
days later captured the town of Pasig.
General Wheaton is in splendid health,
rnd the many trials and grave respon
sibilities that have rested on his shoul
ders have not effected him in the least.
His face is tanned, his eye is bright and
he still has the same hearty and sincere
way of greeting those who seek inter
views with him.
jmt -w-.AJOR GENERAL LLOYD
/§ /m WHEA<roic » u - s - A - aft 
/ (3/ fif er two and a half years
/ w B °* act * ve service in the
' -**¦ Philippines, returned on
the transport Sherman and
registered yesterday morn- .
ing at the Occidental. He Is awaiting or
ders from the War Department, and ex
pects to go to Washington, as he will
retire from the active list on July 17.
GALLANT SOLDIER WHO RE
TURNS FROM ARDUOUS CAM
PAIGN IN PHILIPPINES.
The San Francisco Call.PASTOR OF NEW'HOUSE OF WOR
jj SHIP AND VIEW OF INTERIOR
, • DURING THE DEDICATION.
View books, photographs, Mexican carv
ed leather articles,' orange wood panels,
redwood' bark- novelties,-- scenlo ¦ playing
cards, etc. The greatest assortment of
real nice things in the- city. Sanborn,
Vail & .Co., 741 Market itreet •
California Souvenirs,
NEVADA CITY, June 22.— Owen Mo-
Hugh was arrested at Truckee on .Fri
day for insanity. It was the Intention
of the officers there to bring McHugh
to Nevada City the following day for ex
amination, but the Insane man was evi
dently bent on ending his life, as he had
threatened. McHugh called for some wa
ter during the evening, which was sup
plied to him in an ordinary tomato can.
Shortly after a' commotion was heard in
the jail. McHugh was found lying on
the floor, covered with blood and nearly
dead. He ha>d severed several arteries
with the rough edge of the can. Ten min
utes later McHugh died.
CUTS - 'I'H V' ARTERIES
AND ESCAPES ASyirUH
,' LEMANS, France, .June 22. -^-President
Loubet, accompanied by Premier Com^s
and General Andre, the Minister of War,
arrived here to-day to v preside over the.
fete of the Gymnastic Club. The town
was decorated., and President -Loubet re
ceived an ovation. Two thousand gym
nasts took part in the competitions and
President Loubet presented the prizes and
decorations to the winners. In the course
of speeches in reply to addresses, Presi
dent Loubet urged his hearers to respect
religious beliefs., to have mutual toler
ance, and, above all, to be devoted to the
republic. ;.>-.. ' ' " ¦ - -
Loubet Giyes Prize? to Gymnasts.
ALTURAS, June 22.— The searching par
ty consisting of sixty-five mounted men
is still in the timber, hunting for' the
lost Benny Ford. Former "Sheriff Cum
mings and W. E. Rachford got on the
boy's trail about : dark last night, and
camped until bloodhounds could be
brought. They found where the boy had
dropped ihls water can and the- tracks
were fresh. It is thought he will be
found to-night, as the hounds were taken
out- 1 and' the hunt " resumed " early -this
morning. .... ..¦••. .; ....-¦
Hounds Search for the Boy.
Fire Destroys Pla'nlng Mill.
SALINAS, June 22.— Early this morning
a. fire destroyed the Salinas planing- mill
£ }?J. Be water tank close to the burning
DUlldingr was also destroyed, as was a
, "Iv 1^ Property of County Auditor Al
lan McLean. The other property belonged
to the F. A. Hihn Company of Santa Cruz
¦whose loss Is estimated at about SSOQOO'
Child Drinks Strychnine.
BOISE, Idaho. June 22.-News has
reached Boise of the death of : a three
*nd a half-year-old son of Oscar Brunzell
at Reynolds, from, taking strychnine.
eome visitors to the house had left a bot
tle containing a solution of poison stand-
Ing on a dresser. The little lad drank
gome of It and died shortly afterward.
Secretary ,Mahon has received word that
all trunk lines\ of the United States will
join with the Western Passenger Traffic
Association in offering a rate of one fare
plus $2 for the round trip to the congress.
BUTTE, Mont., June 22.— Secretary Ma
hon of the International Mining Congress
to-day received a communication from
Secretary of State John Hay to the effect
that the Federal Government would In
vite the foreign -governments to send del
egates to ¦ the International Mining Con
gress, which convenes in Butte Septem
ber 1 .for; five, days' session. Secretary
Hay required niore 'information to for
ward at once. 500 circulars of . the, forth
coming meeting for distribution among
the foreign cowersi-
Secretary Hay Writes That A112Ta-
tions Will Be Invited^ to Send
Representatives. . .
FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .
:, TO AID MINING CONGRESS
SANTA CRUZ, , June 22.— Colonel Pow
ers, Colonel Deasy.and eight -other offi
cers of the League of the Cross Cadets
were here to-day- making arrangements
for the League of the Cross encampment, I
which commences July 5 and continues
CTght days. They Inspected and laid out
the camp site In the rear of the bath
houses near the beach. They, also made '
preliminary arrangements in regard to
rne camp and made contracts with the
jocal merchants for supplies.. Santa Cruz
burnishes the ground, water, lights, hay
straw, range, etc., and' $500 ' in cash. *
Cadet Officers Arrange iCsmp.
A JOYFUfc OCCASION.
Rev. Victor Aerkter of Lob Angeles fle-
When the procession entered the church
not a vacant seat : could be seen. The
aisles, with the exception of the center
one, along which the acolytes and digni
taries made their way to the altar space,
were packed. The litany of the saints
was chanted as the marchers progressed
between lines of girls In white, wearing
veils, and on reaching the ' chancel the
impressive ceremony of blessing the walls
was begun. Archbishop Riordan officiated
in this beautiful ceremonial, and was as
sisted by Bishop Montgomery and Mon
selgneur Julius Chatron, Bishop of. North
Japan. This was followed "by tho pontifi
cal high mass, of which. Bishop • Mont
gomery was celebrant. .. -
The dedicatory services began at 10
o'clock, at which hour all those who were
to participate gathered in the old church
and Bchool, adjoining the new structure.
Archbishop . Riordan and Bishop George
Montgomery, the latter of Los Angeles,
were the principal clwrch dignitaries
present.. Rev. Victor AciKter, O. F. M.,
of Los Angeles, one of the founders of
St Boniface Church fifteen years ago,
was present to deliver the dedicatory ser
mon in the German language. The visit
ing prelates- from the interior were "greet
ed by • Rev. - Maximilian • Neumann, th«
pastor. Among the societies, represented
in the march to the r church were St.
Peter's Benevolent Society, 1 St. Paul's
Benevolent Society, St. Anthony's Sodal
ity, Branch 197 of the Catholic Knfghts
of America, Young i Ladies' Sodality, Al
tar Society and several societies of San
"Jose, Frultvale, Stockton and • Sacra
mento. ...
CHURCH DEDICATED.
The magnificent Romanesque structure,
the completion of which is a matter for
general rejoicing among Jthe Catholics of
San Francisco, was begun more than two
years ago. The cost of the sanctuary has
reached J180.000 to date, but it is believed
the finishing touches will be added with
out materially increasing the sum named.
The building committee, composed of
August Vetter, Bernard Meyer, F. B.
Schoenstein, Albert Matschke and Carl
A. Schnabel, was untiring in its efforts
to rear a monument worthy the parish to
which they belong, and ; the members
formally yielded up the fruit of their la
bor in the shape of a building that is a
distinct addition to the sacred edifices,
the architectural beauty of which is the
admiration of every visitor.
THE Church of St. Boniface, on
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones
street, was dedicated wl.tl! Impres
ing ceremonials yesterday 'morn
* ing. The beauty of the rich inte
rior of trie vast edifice, the immense
throng of worshipers that filled every
available inch of space, the presence of
prelates from every part of California,
richly robed In the garb of their holy of
fice, and the , solemnity of the service by
which the new structure was dedicated to
the Almighty combined to render the oc
casion one long to be remembered by all
.who participated. . .
DESTINY OF CHURCH.
•; Our holy ' religion began with m. child In iac
cordanc* with the dlvln* plan, and It will be
Our .hearts are filled with Joy at the com
pletion of the great work undertaken by you.
To-day, with festal music and uplifting •. of
hearts, and solemn invocation to the most high,
this - edifice has been consecrated to God and
his worship for all time. Here has been opened
a sanctuary wherein will flow the living waters
by which souls are to be sanctified. May we
not hope that God will make us his 'people to
the end? ' ' • •
The speaker in closing exhorted his hear
ers to accept the teachings of Christ in, a
spirit of humility and to place their
trust In God at all times. At the close
cf the sermon a mass was sung by the
choir under tho leadership of Professor
John B. Mayle, and Archbishop Riordan
delivered a brief address, in which he
expressed his . great pleasure, at -being
ablo to • congratulate ' the pastor and
members of St, Bonjface upon the mag
nificent w.ork accomplished by them." Re
suming, he said, ; In part: '.^X
To those of you who remember the modest
frame church In which the parishioners of St.
Boniface began their worship fifteen years ago,:
the occasion on which we are gathered to-day
is fruitful of many soul-stirring lessons. We
have been taught that the purpose and destiny
at our church Is sacred. The beauty of this
edifice does not He in the art "shown in Its,
construction, nor in the- richness of its decor-,
ations. but in the knowledge that it is con
secrated to God's, work so long as Its walls 1
and spire rear themselves skyward. It is in
truth a house of God, which opens to ua.the
portals of heaven. Thousands yet unborn will'
find within this edifice the solace that salva-:
tlon brings to ; the human soul.
livered the -dedicatory sermon. He spoke
in German and said in part:
The pleasant task has been allotted to me to
speak before this august assembly of prelates
and the laity on an occasion which nils all
heart3 with Joy. It is always a pleasure to ap
pear fcclore a Catholic congtesivunn, but tii
day it is one of especial honor and significance.
In dedicating this magnificent structure to th<s
service of God I wish to congratulate the mem
bers of this great parish upon the great enter
prise t-vinced by them in the erection • of this
noble house of. worship In the face of trying
obstacles. -j. ' ~ <.
BANTA ROSA, June 22.— While playing
in the old mill at Markhams yesterday
morning Arthur Devoto met with an ac
cident which necessitated the amputation
of three fingers of his left hand. The in
jured lad Is 9 years of age, and with his
parents had been camping at Occidental.;
With other playmates he was amusing
himself with- the machinery in the mill,
and hi* left hand became caught in a
cogwheel. So firmly did the . machinery
hold the hand that It was necessary to
remove portions of it to release the mem
ber. Young Devoto displayed remarkable
fortitude while this was being done, and
although he suffered much pain. waited
patiently to be released. He was conveyed
from Duncans Mill to Occidental on a
special engine, over the North Shore Rail
road, and from that place was taken - to
Santa Rosa for surgical attention. Tha
injured boy is the son of Mr. and Mrs.
A. Devoto of San Francisco, and has
been in camp at Occidental but a short
time. Mr. and Mrs. Devoto had^ departed
for the metropolis when the accident oc
curred, and campers at that place took
charge of the Injured lad and brought
him to this city. -
a Surgeon.
Injury and Bravely Awaits
Young San Franciscan Suffers Severe
FINGERS OF A CHHJ> ,
CAUGHT IN THE COGS
Martinelli was picked up by Mat Espi
nosa and Flores and taken to a room In
the Grant House, on Eldorado street.
He was in an unconscious condition and
remained so all day. This afternon about
4 o'clock his companions became fright
ened and called Dr. J. McMahon. Marti
nelli died a few minutes later. His skull
was fractured in several places. Gilbert
and Hertel were at once arrested by
Sheriff Langford. They refuse to discuss
the case. Martinelli, who was 26y6ars of
age, was well known to the police and at
one time served a tejm in State's prison.
SAN JOSE, June 22.— NeChe Martinelli
Is dead and- Edward Gilbert and Charles
Hertel are prisoners at the County Jail
as the result of a fight between two
gangs • of young men. For a couple of
years bad blood has existed between the
gangs and fights have been trequent.
Last night they met on West Santa Clara
street and a row started. Martinelli was
struck on the head with a heavy club by
Edward Gilbert, according to Andrew
Flores, who was with him, and knocked
down. ¦ •• •
ceived in a Conflict of
Factions.
Martinelli Succumbs to Injuries Re-
EATTI/E IN THE STREET
RESULTS IN MAN'S DEATH
UKIAH, June 22.— The. Fifth Regiment,
JS. G. C, Colonel Albert K. "Whitton com
manding, arrived at Ukiah this morning
by special train, and went into camp at
Todd's Grove, now christened "Camp
Foster." just outside 'of town. • Colonel
.YVhitton and all the officers of the regi
iinent express themselves as much pleased
¦with the camp. It Is clean, dry and shady
Many arc lights are suependea from the"
giant oaks, city water is supplied and tele
phone connection, is established. A fine
dancing floor has been laid, and this will
be a week of gayety in Ukiah. - •
Fifth Encamps Near TJkiah.
BTJESIA KETIBES EBOM
TIENTSIN GOVERNMENT
Refuses to Participate in the Iia-
position of New Conditions
Upon China.
LONDON, June 22.— The Peking cor
respondent of the Times, commenting In
a dispatch on the question of whether the
payment of the Chinese Indemnity to the
foreign powers be made in gold or sil
ver says the American Interpretation of
the protocol meets with no approval from
the other governments concerned, and
that a reconsideration should show the
United States that no service is done to
China by listening to her appeal. The
mandarins, goes on the correspondent,
welcome the indemnity as a means of
squeezing the people, the while placing the
odium therefor upon the foreigners.
The Times correspondent says that Rus
sia has withdrawn from the foreign gov
ernment of Tientsin and that General
Wogack, her representative, has started
for mime, refusing to be a party to the
Imposition upon China of the new condi
tions drawn up by the allied command
ers.
EMPEROR WILLIAM PAYS
TRIBUTE TO DEAD KING
Says Albert of Saxony was a Father
to His Country and His
People.
WESEL, Prussia, June 22.— Replying to
day to a loyal address from the burgo
masters of this town. Emperor William
referred to the dead King Albert of Sax
ony and said he was the last of the great
captains of a great time who had helped
in the work of building up the German
"His "was," said Emperor William, "a
heart which esteemed that which was
German above all else: he was a very
model of all that a ruler should be and
a father to his country and his people."
Wealthy Chinese Woman Buried.
LOS ANGELES. June 22.— Mrs. Tea Lee
Hoolee, wife of a wealthy Chinese mer
chant of Sah Francisco, was buried this
afternoon. Thirteen carriages were used
in the funeral procession to Rosedale
Cemetery, where the body was interred,
and a-rarge number of Chinese were pres
est at the services. The Rev. £>r. Day of
the First Congregational Church preach
ed the funeral sermon. ¦ Mrs. Hoolee wa3
a Christian and worshiped at the Chinese
Congregational Mission on Commercial
Btreet. A few months ago Tee See Hoo
lee brought his wife here from San Fran
cisco, hoping that the change might check
the ravages of consumption, from which
disease his wife was slowly dying. She
was an active worker in the mission.
Survivors of Steamer Horaima.
NEW YORK, June 22.— The Quebec Una
steamer Fontabella arrived to-day from
the West India Islands. On board the
steamer were three survivors of the
steamer Roraima. namely Gulaeppe Lu
cino, Salvador Alelle and Francisco Dan
relo, all seamen. These men were In the
hospital at Bt Lucia for twenty-one days.
At the close of the Archbishop's ad
dress the congregation sang a hymn, and
the services closed with the benediction.
The visiting prelates and members of the
building.and executive committees of St.
Boniface were the guests of honor of
the ladies of the church, at a fine lunch
eon spread in the auditorium of the old
church building. An . Immense, crowd
thronged Golden Gate avenue during the
service, and" the services of a corns of
police were required to keep . the street
open for passage.
The evening sermon was preached by
Rev; Father Miller, S. J., of San Jose.
A large congregation was in attendance.
The Archbishop spoke briefly of the
work of the Franciscan friars in Califor
nia in the last century, who established
missions from, the far south to. the mis
sion of St. Francis, on the- bay of San
Francisco. The followers of these hardy
men of God were accomplishing wonders
in, the vineyard of the Savior of mankind,
he said. All this taught 1 the/ significant
lesson that without the assistance of God
and without implicit faith in the teach
ings of. Christ the work of man was for
naught. • ¦ •
through the children that the destiny of this
church will be accomplished. Only a few
years ago this flourishing parish was a mere
infant, but by God's help it has grown to
man's estate with unlimited possibilities in
store. Many of you will remember how it
came about that the work of the sons of St.
Francis, began. in a public -hall. You will re
member how .that work grew" among our Ger
man-Catholics, and the' result lies before you.
May you never cease to work as you have in
the past, for your example 'is' ennobling and
will exert a beneficial influence uppn other
parishes in stimulating, them" to follow in your
footsteps. . . • . '. \._
The question of whether W. J. Bryan
will accept the nomination for Governor
la one on which, perhaps depends the pos
sibility of a combination ticket. Little
doubt is expressed that if Bryan permits
his name to be used the rest will be ac
complished easily.
With Bryan eliminated from the possi
bilities it is hard to predict the action oZ
the conventions, but many believe there
will be two full tickets in the field.
GRAND ISLAND, Neb., June 22.— The
Democratic and Populist State conven
tions wjll be held in this city Tuesday,
and already the question of whether fu
sion on* the State' ticket will be accom
plished Is a topic of earnest discussion- oa
both sides. > ,
Several party leaders hope to effect a
combination of nominations and plat
forms that will be acceptable to- the fu
sion forces, and argue that such an ar
rangement is the only one by which elec
tion of the ticket is possible.
Discuss the Hatter of Com
bining on Nomination's.
Democrats and Populists of Nebraska
QUESTION OP ETJSION
DISTURBS LEADERS
VANCOUVER, Wash., June 22.— Eight
members of Sheriff Marsh's possa who
left here for La Center yesterday to re
sume the chase for the escaped convicts,
Tracy and Merrill, -returned to this city
at noon to-day. The men report that
Guard Carson's bloodhounds after a lit
tle time struck the trail of the outlaws
late yesterday afternoon near the point
where they were seen by a man named
Dunlap, two miles east of La Center. The
trail led through thick underbrush down
the east bank of Lewis River. The dogs
followed the scent for a mile or more
and then lost, it, ..since which time all
trace of the outlaws has been lost.
Late last night a majority of the pur
suers returned to La Center after post
ing guards along both banks of Lewis
River wherever boat v were known to be
moored. There are threa suspicious char
acters around" La Center who. Guard
Carson says, are ex-convicts. They have
appeared there at different times during
the past week, and their actions attract
ed the attention of officers, who are keep
ing close watch on their movements. One
of them yesterday, after spending . sev
eral hours \on horseback in the brush in
the vicinity of where Tracy and Merrill
were last seen, started to leave La Cen-'
ter in a boat. He was forced to return
at the point of a gun by.Ferrell, brother
of one of the murdered penitentiary
guards. The men are suspected of try
ing to assist Tracy and Merrill to escape,
and they have been ordered to leave the
country.
Dunlap, who saw the convicts yester
day, says he was close enough to have
killed the outlaws, and, indeed, had his
gun to his shoulder for that purpose once,
when his wife interfered. Sheriff Marsh,
accompanied by Guard" Carson and the
dogs and four Vancouver men, are now
guarding the east side of Lewis River,
while Sheriff Huntington of Cowlitz
County and a posse are keeping vigilant
watch on the west side of the river.
Elude the Posses in
Washington.
Escaped Convicts Still Contrive 1o
GUARDS NOW WATCH
O2T A RIVER'S BANKS
The troopers departed from San Fran
cisco Saturday evening and marched to
tMs city from Tiburon. During the night
they camped, and continued their march
on Sunday, arriving here late in the af
trrnoon. About fifty men are in the
troop and with their horses- presented a
novel appearance to Santa Rosans. Mon
day evening the cavalrymen will be the
guests of Company E at a military ball
to be given in the armory of the latter
crganization. The local company of
guardsmen is at present in camp at Camp
Fester. Ukiah, but arranged for a num
ber of dances and entertainments for the
cavalrymen prior to their oeparture.
SANTA ROSA, June 22.— This city was
invaded by a friendly host of cavalry
to-day, when Troop A. Second Brigade,
X. G. C, arrived. The troop is under
command of Captain Charles Jansen and
will have a camp in this city for the com
ing- week. They v.-iil occuny Arpyl Park
their stay here, and the "ark has
teen fitted specially for their use.
campment.
and Prepare for Their En-
Troopers cf Jansen's Horse Arrive
MOUNTED GUARDSMEN
MAECH TO SANTA ROSA
The home company entertained the vis
iting officers at the Grand Hotel. This
morning carriages were ordered, and all
the officers were driven out to Vichy
Bprings. On their return Mayor Pember
ton met them in the hotel parlors and
pave them a cordial welcome'. An official
visit was then made to the officers of the
Fifth Regiment, X. G. C, which is now
in Camp Foster, just outside of the town.
Colonel W. J. Yrhitton, commanding at
Camp Foster, received the visitors, . and
a very pleasant hour was spent at the
encampment.
UKTAH, June 22.— The e'lection of offi
cers of the new Fifth Regiment, Uniform
Rank, Ki.giiis of Pythias, took place here
last night in Sanford's Hall. Captain Abe
Marks of the Ukiah company was elected
colonel; Captain J. E. Fitield of Vallejo,
lieutenant colonel; Charles Pardee of Eu
reka and G. A. Knight of Napa, majors.
Colonel Marks is a merchant of Ukiah.
Besides the L'kiah otlicers there were pros
tnt at the election Colonel William J.
Kidd, Colonel L. A. Nerncy. Colonel J.
J i. Wright* Major J. M. K.eenan; Major
11. C. Sims and Captain S. Liebling, all
ofjBan Francisco; Captain Charles Pardee
of EureKa, Captain J. A. Stratton, Lieu
t-nants L. J. Hall and L. A. Kaheis of
Kealdsburg, Captain J. E. Fifield and
Lieutenant H. W. Smith of Vailejo, Cap
tain G. A. Wright and Lieutenant J. L.
"York of Xapa. Captain S. A. McDonald
and Lieutenants L. C. McCloud and C. H.
Kent of Ukiah.
Uniform Bank, Chosen at
TJkiah.
Officers of the New Fifth Regiment.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS
HOLD THEIR ELECTION
ROME. June 22.— The reply of Cardinal
Rampolla, papal secretary of state, to
the presentation by William H. Taft.
Civil Governor of the Philippines, to the
Vatican of his instructions from . Secrs
¦ tary of War Root, was received by Gov
ernor Taft last night It has been trans
lated into English and after due consid
eration of the Cardinal's answer Jud^re
Taft does not deem it proper to permit
its publication at thi3 present stage or
the proceedings because he fears that by
so doing he might embarrass the nego
tiations, t > • : \t*, .. .
Cardinal Rampolla has submitted a
copy of his reply to Judge Taft to the
committee of Cardinals which was formed
to consider the matter of the religious
orders and other church affairs In the
Philippines in order to inform them of
the precise scope of the questions in
volved and upon which it is hoped that
definite results will shortly be arrived at.
It cannot be said that any conclusion
has as yet been reached, but the general
tenor of Cardinal Rampolla' s reply glve3
reason to expect that Governor Taft's ne
gotiations will be entirely successful.
Governor Taft will answer Cardinal
Rampolla's letter next Wednesday.
Be Made Public Pending
. Negotiations.
Answer of Papal Secretary Will Not
CARDINAL BAMPOLLA
SENDS BEPLY TO TAPT
Quartet — "Spanlsche Tanze" (Bolero) (Mos
kowski). Miss King, Miss Uren, Mies Hoehn.
Miss Montfort; "Cradle Sonar" (Her sit), Ml**
Pearl E. Platt; "Tarentelle" (Karganoff), Miss
Pearl E. Jost; "Scarf Dance" (Chaminade),
Miss Jessie M. Carlaw: Uuo— "If I Were a
Bird" (Henselt). MiS3 Strauch, Misa Montfort;
"Pas de Amphores" (Chaminade), Miss Kath
ryn F. Hoehn; "Swallows' Gossip" (Oesten),
Miss Eva F. Montfort: mazurka. Op. 33, No.
2 (Chopin), Miss Flora M. Strauch; duo —
"Scenes Pittoresques" (Massenett), Miss Stcph
enscn. Miss Pope; Liebestraum, No. '3 (Liszt),
Miss Ellita G. King; "Bridal Procession"
(Grieg), Miss Alice D. Stephenson; fourth ma
zurka (Godard), Mrs. F. A. Stevens; Quartet —
"Merry Wives of Windsor" (Nicolai), Miss
Sherman, Miss Carlaw, Miss Gifford, Misb
Platt; prelude. Op. 3, No. 2 (Rachmaninoff),
Mips Edna Curtis; valse — "Caprice" (Strauss-
Philipp). Miss MUey M. Pope; duo — "Marche
Triomphale" (Gorla), Mrs. Collins, Miss Jost;
"Kammenoi-Qstrow" (Rubinstein), Miss Minnie
Car.trell; valse, Op. 34, No. 1 (Moszkowskl),
Miss Edna Lucile Howell; polonaise, Op. 26,
No. 1 (Chopin), Miss Irene L. Gifford; duo—
."Danse Macabre" <Saint-Saens), Mrs. Varney,
Mrs. Stevens; Fantasle — "Midsummer Night's
Dream" (Mendelssohn-Llsxt) Mrs. W. H. Dun-
Eter; (a) "Nocturne" (Chopin), (b) "Scene du
Carnival" (Grieg), Mrs. G. H. Varney; Quar
tet—"Rhapsodie Hongrolse, No. 2" (Liszt),
Miss Pope, Miss Cantrell, Mrs. Dunster, Mrs.
Collins. •
Trio. "Pas Redouble'' (StreabboK). Frances j
Smith, ZMah. Williamson. Elsie Barrett;
••Grand Parade'.' (.Kullak.), Anita R. Barrett;
'¦Doll's Dream" tOeeten), Kachel Smith;
•'AVitches' Hevel" (Schytte), Zillah A. Wil-
Iialr.son; trio, '."'Waltz"' (.Streabbosr), -Rachel
Smim, Bessie ' Carlaw, Anita R." Barrett; (a)
•'Opening of the . Children's Party;' (Kullak),
(l>) "A Dream." from "The 1001 . JCijthts"
(Keinecke). (c) "Youth and Joy" (Schytte),
Frances Smith; . "Dance pn the Lawn"- (Kul
lak), • Skating* OCiillak), Eisie N. -Barrett;
•Mazurka" iWachs), KIsa M. . Sifter; "Hide
a:iU Seek" (Schytte), "La Zlnfcana" (Bohm), :
Josephine A. Seaman; - quartet, "Hunxarian
Dance' (Alfoldy). Nina" Brooks, Elsa M. Sil
ler, Ruby E. filler, Ethel M. Miller; valse,
"Improsnptu" (Raff), Eddie L. Siller; valse,
"Caprice" (Orelci. Huby E. Siller; "The
Sailor Boy's Dream" (Le Hache), Ethel M.
Miller; "The Birds of Passage" (Wach&j.
Ralph E. Jost; duo, "Seguldllla" (Hoist), Miss
Grau, Miss Davis; "Le Prlntempa" (Albeniz).
J. Fontaine Johnson; waltz, Op. 33 (Jensen).
liiss Lillian F. Davis; "The Fable of the
Y\ itches" (Sternberir). Miss,. Wlnte Perkins;
"Barchetta" (Nevln), Miss Florence Grau;
duet, "Country Dar.ce" (Nevin). Miss Eula
Glide, Miss Sherman: "Elejde," Op; 88 (Nol
let). Miss Emma Xeuman; "Butterfly" (Grieg),
N'ina Brooks; poem. Od 31, No. 2 (MaCDoweU),
Miss Florence H. Ashworth; quartet,. '.'March'' '
(DeKontskl), Ralpha E. Jost, Eddie L. Siller,
J. Fontaine Johnson, Koecoe C. »Platt ; . "Two
Larks" (Leschetizky), Miss MaBfel S. Siller;
"Rondo Cacriccioso" (Mendelssohn). Mlsa Lil-A
lie M. Sherman; "Rustle of Spring" (SindlnK),
Roscoe C. Platt: Quartet, "Invitation to the
Dance" (Weber), Miss Sherman, Miss Neu
man, .Miss Siller. Miss Ashworth.
The programme to b,e presented on
Tuesday evening, June 24, follows: -
SACRAMENTO, June 22.— A noteworthy
musical event occurred here • last Fri
day evening, when Miss Mamie C. . Bar
rett and her junior pupils' appeared . at
the Young Men's Christian Association
Hall. The numbers -. rendered : were : ex
ceptionally "interesting, , and. the pupils
exhibited the result . of careful t training
and assiduous practice. The programme
on Friday was as follows:
lence Takes Placs in the State
Capital.
Musical Affair of Exceptional. Excel-
CLEVER YOTJN& PUPILS % ;
WIN PRAISE INVcONCERT
Miners who have visited Holy Cross
Mission speak in the highest terms of its
work and will contribute generously to
Its support.
"We cannot think of abandoning the
little orphans whom the fearful plague
has left upon our hands, but shall con
tinue the work begun, confiding in 'Prov
idence and trusting in the eflicacy of this
appeal to outside help."
The Jesuit fathers have been doing ev
erything possible to provide for the un
fortunate children and aged Indians left
among- them, but now find their resources
exhausted. Father Lucchesi says:
The plague which ravaged the Yukon
Indian tribes last year killed off over half
the population, being particularly severe
among the adults. The Indians who sur
vived were so frightened that many of
them deserted the mission, leaving behind
their children and the bodies of the dead.
assistance. An'appeal for aid in the form
of contributions is made by the Rev. J.
L. Lucchesi, head of the mission, who
briefly describes the harrov.ing situation.
Special t>ispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., June 22.— The Catho
lic mission maintained at Holy Cross on
the lower Yukon by Jesuits is in need of
It is thought that he threw the end of
the hammock- over- a tree --limb -and then
let himself \down to frighten the child,
not thinking that -the upper end "of 'the
hammock would catch. The boy's knees
were hanging within two inches.of ttio
ground, showing that had he not. lost con
sciousness . he could easily have : saved
himself. -. ; , : .. -- 4 ---j..;^ :¦:..:. •¦".
The boy had been sent to move the ham
mock from one part of the' yard 'to an
other. He" took with him his 2-year-old
nephew. Some time later his aunt, hear
ing the younger child crying, -looked ami
saw the boy hanging from. the .tree.. .• .In?
vestigation showed him to- be dead. ' -'¦.--
FRESNO, June 22.— Dion Burdicks, the
15-year-old son of Dr. Burdicks, one of the
wealthiest vineyardlsts in the county, was
accidentally hanged this morning with V
hammock. ¦ . - —
The fire department was badly handi
capped for want of water. -The engines
could not reach the river and the main
on Water street being a small one made
the supply of water entirely inadequate.
There was no means of fighting the fira
from the west, the city not being pro
vided with a fireboat.
The lire next spread to the east, at
tacking the Standard Oil Company's
plant, and also the implement warehouse
of Parlin, Orendorf & Co., implement
dealers. The Standard Oil Company's
warehouse and two oil tanks were burned.
Two spans of the bridge across the Will
amette River burned out and tumbled
Into the river. Adjoining the bridge on
the south was situated the warehouse and
freight depot of the Portland City and
Oregon Railway. These were destroyed
and the street cars of the company will
not be at>le to enter the city by the MadJ
son-street bridge 'for several weeks.
It was hardly ten minutes after the out
break of, the fire until the entire plant
of the Phoenix. Iron Works was in flames.
The fire spread south to Johnston's ship
yard and north to the East Side Lumber
Company's mill, destroying both. Several
hundred thousand feet of dry lumber was
in the millyard and it fed the flames,
which rose 200 feet into the air. In the
Johnston shipyard a schooner was being
repaired and a barge was under construc
tion. Both were destroyed with a lot of
valuable machinery. .
The following are the principal losers:
East -Side Lumber Company. $100,000;
Phoenix Iron Works. $80,000; J. H. John
ston shipyard, $75,000; Portland City and
Railway Company, $30,000; Madison-street
bridge, $25,000; City of Portland roadways,
$20,000; Standard Oil Company, $15,000;
Parlin. Orendorf & Co., $15,000 -, Torpedo
saloon "and hotel, $10,000; miscellaneous,
$20,000.
PORTLAND, Or., June 22.— The fire
which started shortly before midnight
last night in the Phoenix Iron Works,
formerly the Wolff & Zwicker plant, on
East Madison and East Water streets,
burned for four hours and destroyed six
blocks of buildings valued at over $400,
000. The insurance amounted to about
J200.000. It was long after daylight before
the fire burned itself out and several en
gines remained on the scene all day to
prevent the flre from springing up again.
TACOMA, June 22.— Few reports have
been received to-day "from the acer.c of
the forest fires now ragingr in the Cas
cade Mountains." A special from Hot
Springs says all danger in this vicinity
is now at an end and the guests at the
hotel are viewing the grand sight across
the canyon without the slightest appre
hension. The wind has gene down and
the fire is not spreading. Reports from
Lester, which was threatened last night,
state that no danger is apprehended now.
The Page Lumber Company's camp at
Eagle Gorge was destroyed Friday night,
entailing a loss of $5000. Several of the
workmen had narrow escapes from this
fire, being compelled to wade the river
to avoid the advancing wall of flame.
The Kanasket Shingle Company's mill
was saved, but the outbuildings and most
of the loggingVitfit were consumed. The
loss will be about -$2000. '
At Carrington the fire fijsktenr haya
thus far been able to save the sawmill,
though the flames still encompass it. A
considerable part of the logging^ outfit
has been destroyed, the loss reaching
$1000. Several smaller wood camps In
Green River Valley have also been dam
aged to a greater or less extent. Not on©
has escaped some loss.
Recent Plague in the Tribes
Leaves Children in
Need.
Two- Year-Old Nephew's Cries
Alarm the Dead Boy's
Aunt. ' ¦ .
Lack of Water the Cause of
Rapid Spread .of the
Flames.
Conflagration in the For
ests Causes Immensa
Damage.
Jesuits in the North
Make Appeal for
Assistance.
Son of . a Fresno Vine
yardist Accidentally
Hanged.
Washington Lumbermen
Run From Advancing
Flames.
Midnight Fire in Chief
City of Oregon Proves
Disastrous.
PERIL IS NEAR
YUKON ORPHANS
HAMMOCK ENDS
A CHILD'S LIFE
SIX PORTLAND
BLOCKS IN RUINS
WADE A RIVER
TO ESCAPE FIRE
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, MONDAY, JUNE .23, 1902.
Imposing Ceremonials Are Conducted by His Grace Archbishop
Riordan and Otheii Noted Catholic :Prelates in the Presence of
a Throng of Worshipers That Filled the Beautiful Edifice
NEW CHURCH OF ST. BONIFACE
IS DEDICATED TO WORK OF GOD
2
. A car-load of Call Super to*
Atlases ha? arrived and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All aubacrlbera to Th«
Call are . entitled to a copy, of
this vr eat book at the prem*
font rate of f 1 CO. Ont of
town subscribers desiring a
copy of this splendid prem*
luni will be supplied on re-
ceipt of 91 60. ' All ' , mall
orders will be ahipped.by ex<
pre» at subscriber** expense.
GRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS
DO AITS KIDNEY PILLS.
AHARDSpJGGLE
Many a San Francisco Citizen Find*
the Struggle Hard. ...
"With a back constantly achteff. ¦
With distressing 1 urinary- disorders.-': '
Daily existence is but a struggle.-, • . ¦
No need to keep It up. ¦ . ' ,
Doan's Kidney Pills will cure^you. •
San Francisco people indorse this Claim
George Tauscher, stationary engineer, 16
Jackson street, says: 'From childhood, I
might say. I have had more or less kid-
ney complaint, but lor the last fifteen
years It was more pronounced. My back
ached more painfully, and when I caught
cold the aching was greatly aggravated.
As might be expected- when the kidneys
were not performing their functions prop-
erly, extra work was placed on other or-
gans of the body and my stomach gave
trouble. Going to the No Percentage
Drugstore, &1S Market street, for Doan's
Kidr.ey Pills, I took a course of the treat-
ment ; If it bad not radically disposed of
the last attack I could not be Induced to
recommend the preparation."
For sale by all dealers, price B0 cents.
Mailed by Foster-MIlburn Co., Buffalo, N.
x.. sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name— Doan's — and take-
&o otber.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Wonderful Medicine.
Bilious and
Nervous Disorders,
Sick Headache, Constipation,
Wind and Pains in Stomach,
Impaired Digestion,
Disordered Liver and
Female Ailments.
' PKX7ABES ON LY BT THE PKOrRIETOB ,
Thomas Bcecham, St. Helens, Eng.,
«nd 365 Canal St. New York. \
Sold by all Druggists la United State*.
In boxes,'l0c and 25c.
B visit, DR. JORDAN'S great t
{HySEUH OF AHATOBY?
A !§ I w IM L^5 eJ ! AB * t0IBicaIMlu * a » ia ">e \
9 m"iWSS i %. " rorld - ™e»kneises or any contracted 43
6 «*2£: H BB. JCRDAH-OISEASES Or MEN /)
\ 1 f vlaFH CeiKultation free and strictly prirate. \
\ 1 W Xi S Cttrem "erjtaiatmdefUkea. \
\ H ¦ II*^** I *1 A «SE. MA1LSO VXXS. (AT
A O U- "luable book for mm) ***»• « -* T
¥ DB. IOCDAN A CO.. W£l ATarbet St.S. f. V
RADWAY'S READY BELIEF has stood
•S«i^n £?& It blatantly reli«ves and quickly
rEf... aI1 Colda. Soro Throat». Influenza. Bron-
K«!?;^ e -? mo ? la *u Rheumatism. Neuralgia.
E^mSSi. 100 ? 1^ and *" P* 111 - Internal"*
tor Malaria and aUBow.l Pain*. AUdruwlsu.DULUTH. Minn., June 22.— Dynamiters
early to-day made what was thought to
be an attempt to wreck a circus train
bound for Duluth on the Northern Pacific
Railroad at a point between Maple and
Poplar, Wis. In seven different places
between these two points the track was
blown up by dynamite. No trace of the
perpetrators has been found. - v
Dynamiters Try to Wreck a Train.
Earthquake Shocks in Italy.
ROME, June 22.— A violent shock of
earthquake is reported from Cassano Ale
jonio, in the department of Catabria. No
damage was done.
ARCHBISHOF IRELAND
TO BE MADE A CARDINAL
Dispatch. From Borne Says His Eleva-
tion Will Occur During Decem
ber Consistory.
NEW YORK, June 22.— A brief Sun ca
ble from Rome says Mgr. Ireland will be
made a Cardinal at the Papal consistory
in December,
Church-Scrubbing Pastor.
One seldom, hears of a vicar scrubbing
bis own church, but at St. Cuthbert's
lodge, Mlllwall, situated in the very east
of London, we find the Rev. Richard Free,
vicar, who recently explained to a repre
sentative hie scheme for spring cleaning
churches. St. Cuthbert's is a poor neigh
borhood, where the people sometimes
epeak of trees as things pertaining to an
other world, and where a hansom cab is
practically unknown.
"It occurred to me," he said, "as I was
on my knees scrubbing our own little
church, that there must be a great many
churches In London, which could occasion
ally do with a little more than the ordin
ary dusting and sweeping, and if only
they would pay us a small amount for our
services we are the very people for the
work. I can beeswax, varnish a chair or
polish a floor, and I don't mind scrubbing
till I get 'housemaid's knee.* My wife,
too, is exceptionally good at brasswork
and decorating. We have, besides, a de
voted little band of workers of men, wo
men, boys and girls, who can polish and
scrub, and would gladly give their ser
vices to benefit our church. I thought we
could have a suitable vehicle, and all go
down together, taking our own pails and
brushes. We will leave any church we
take in hand like a new pin."
Snails as Window Cleaners.
An old colored woman selling snails oc
casionally makes her appearance- on
South street, says the Philadelphia Rec
ord, and sometimes she may also be
found along Front street or Second street,
up in the district that used to be known
as the Northern Liberties. She carries an
old basket in which the snails repose on
freshly sprinkled leaves. These are not
sold as food, but for cleaning the outside
of window panes— an old practice still in
vogrue in Kensington. The snail is dam
pened and placed upon the glass, where It
at once moves around and devours all
insects and foreign matter, leaving the
pane as bright and clear as crystal. There
are old-established business places in
Kensington where the tipper windows,
when cleaned at all, are always cleaned by
snails. There is also a fine market for
enaila among the owners of aquariums, as
they keep the gl&£s clean and bright.
Be ashamed of nothing on earth except
poor work, which is a thing to be ashamed
of. Select whatever you are best fitted
for and train yourself to thoroughness in
that line.— Ladies' Horn*} Journal.
We are selling agents for the Water
man Ideal and the Swan fountain pens
and sole agents for the Marshall, tlie
best $1 pen in the world. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. ¦¦ • -
Fountain Pens.
SEATTLE, June 22.— Fire caught in the
engine room of the Kellogg. Mill Com
pany at Ballard early this morning and
before it could be placed under control
destroyed the entire plant and $30,000
•worth of property of the Stimson Mill
. Company adjoining it. The total loss
amounts t<3 approximately 565,000.
Fire Destroys Mill Property.
ST. LOUIS, June 22.— Four boys, aged
16 and 17, were drowned by the capsizing
of a boat at Fort Glen to-day. They
were: Eddie Flynn, Peter LaKin, Al
phonse Jems and Robert Redan. . Hun
dreds of picnickers on shore saw the boys
struggling in the water, but were un
able to rescue them.
Drown in Sight of Picnickers.
MIDDLESBORO, Ky.. June 22.— In a
fight to-day at Cabin Hollow, five miles
from here, between rival divekeepers,
Henry and James Shackelford, brothers,
were killed and Smith Overton, Timothy
Parlin and another man, name unknown,
were fatally wounded. The Shackelfords
are believed to have been killed by Luke
Hopper, of the opposing side. Overton
belonged to the Hopper gang. More trou
ble is expected. No arrests have been
made.
Deadly Fight Between Divekeepers.
In the fight that followed Hobbs and
Kennedy took the part of Barberi All
fought with pocketknlves until Monday,
weak from the loss of blood, sank to the
ground. Then one of his friends in the
crowd handed him a revolver and he shot
Kennedy dead. Monday then shot at.Bar
ber and, Hobbs, but failed to hit either.
Monday, who served three years in the
archipelago, was a member of the Ninth
Infantry and is a survivor of the mas
sacre of Company C at Batangia, Samar,
gave Barber the lie when the latter said
that "two-thirds of the American soldiers
v;ho went to the ' Philippines were hood
lums."
.The injured: Alonzo Barber, stabbed
twenty times, cannot recover; Charles
Hobbs, badly cut about the face, neck
and breast; Lincoln Monday, jugular vein
almost severed.
JOHN KENNEDY, aged 45 years.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., June 22.— An at
tack upon the American army in the
Philippines made at a garden party here
last night started a fight that may cost
four lives. One man is dead , and three
others probably fatally wounded. • The
dead:
Dangerously Wounded In a
Melee.
One Man Is Killed and Three Are
INSULT TO THE ARMY
MAY COST FOUR LIVES
Louis Hlnz, a member of the San Fran
cisco Turn Verein, gave a fine exhibition
of club swinging. He swung five-pound
clubs for five minutes. Twelve members
ot the San Francisco Turn Verein fol
lowed- with an exhibition of iron wand
exercises. The next number was the
feature of the evening, and consisted of
club swinging by twelve members of the
ladies' class of the San Francisco Turn
Verein. They wore natty sailor suits of
navy blue and presented a fine appear
ance. The club swinging was of the high
est order and the young ladies were loudly
applauded. Those taking part were:
Misses Juliet Schroeder, Annie Bergman,
Rosa Schmidt, Lena Sablat, Laura Sablat,
Minnie Trost, Emma Plan?, Laura Siess,
Edith Plagerman. Etta Plagerman, Mary
Eggerling and Hattie Korn.
A long pole exercise was given by six
.teen members of the San Francisco Turn
Verein. This was known as the "bear"
class and consists of members all over
forty years of age. Paul Uth, the head
turnwart of the Bezirk, and Charles Stein
beck of Oakland gave an exhibition of
fencing. This closed the programme, and
the hall was then cleared for dancing.
To-morrow the athletic contests continue,
and it is predicted that some new records
will be made.
ternating two years the entire State par
ticipates.
Turn Verein Hall was crowded this
evening by turners and their friends to
witness the prize singing contest and gym
nastic exhibitions. It was in the singing
that the greatest interest centered. Seven
teams were entered, but only four ap
peared. The singing section of the San
Francisco Turn Verein was the first on
the programme, and consisted of a chorus
of twenty-five voices. The other contest
ants were the singing section of the San
Jose Turn Verein, with fifteen members;
Socialistic Chorus of San Francisco, with
thirty-five members, and the singing sec
tion of the Oakland Turn Verein, with
twenty voices. The selections were all
well rendered and drew forth a great deal
of applause.
It must be obvious to every intelligent ob
server that the coal companies derive a con-
If their statement' be true, why Is it neces
sary to continue a system of docking by which
at times they arbitrarily deduct from a miner's
earnings from 10 to IS per cent of the total as
a penalty for loading impurities, for which they
have already penalized him in excess freight?
SYSTEM OF MEASURING.
1 In this connection the statement calls
attention to the fact that a ton of coal,
as the consumer understands it, is not a
ton of coal as the miners are paid for it —
that Is to say that the ton of coal sold
the consumer weighs 2240 pounds, while
when the miner is being paid for his la
bor he is required to produce and load
from 2740 to 2790 pounds for a ton, against
which "flagrant injustice the anthracite
mine workers so vigorously and' justly
protest." '.
The companies assert that the excess
weight Is required to compensate them
for impurities and refuse matter that is
loaded with the coal and cannot be mar
keted. Regarding this Mitchell says:
The statement then quotes President
Truesdale of the Delaware, Lackawanna
and Western, who in his annual report
to the directors of his company said that
the year 1901 would pass* into history as
one of the most satisfactory to the an
thracite coal companies ever known, and
the Commercial and Financial Chronicle's
comment on the report of President Oli
phant of the Delaware and Hudson, as
follows:
The average of eighteen selling prices for
1001 must' have been 30 to 40 cents higher than
In 1900 and the profits of the coal mining opera
tions of the Delaware and Hudson in 1901 .was
11,407,307.- :
The statement ridicules as absurd the
offer of President Baer, the recognized
spokesman of the coal trust, to submit
the books of the coal departments to
prove that wages could not be increased,
and says:
Eighty-five or 90 per cent of all. coal pro
duced in the anthracite regions Is from mines
owned and operated by the various coal-carry
ing railroads; the freight charges for deliver
ing a ton of anthracite coal one mile are three
times as great as those of other roads for the
hauling of bituminous coal one mile, and' as
a consequence the coal departments, while
actually earning enormous profits on a legiti
mate business, may and do appear to be losing
money, for the reason that the railway depart
ments absorb the profits of the coal . departments
by charging the coal departments exorbitant
freight rates. Thus they rob Peter to pay Paul.
It cannot be said In extenuation that there la
any peculiar necessity for this triple charge on
hard coal, for all other kinds of freight—very
much more troublesome to handle and more
perlshable-^-are carried at a far lower rate. -
Miss Louis* : Mathews, Beaver News; J. B.
Graham and wife. Blngham Bulletin; John
Stahle Jr. and .wife. Bountiful Clipper: rC.- E.
Huish and wife. Eureka Reporter; William
Buys and sister. Wasatch Wave; J. W. Rus
sell and lady. Lehl Banner; E. T. Hyde and
wife, Logan Nation; A. O. Soderberg and lady,
Manti Free Press: N. B. Dresser and wife.
Mercur Miner; J. M. Boyden and wife, Mount
Pleasant Pyramid: M. A. Willurcsen and sis
ter, Murray Eagle; S. L. Raddon and wife.
Park City Record; A. B. Williams and wife,
Richfield Reaper; I. E. Dlehl and
wife, Monmouth Record: • A. Johnson
and sister, Springville Independent;
Leone Home, Salt Lake Tribune; C. W. Pen
rose and lady, Deseret Evening? News; Charles
Randall and lady. Dally Herald; D. P. Felt,
wife and mother. Juvenile Instructor; Mrs. An
nie Morton, Zlon's Young: People. Miss Es
tella Neff and Mrs. Emma Goddard, Yountc
"Woman's Journal: M. E. Jones and lady. Min
ing Review; Miss May Anderson, Children's
Friend; W. W. Taylor, Plain Dealer; Parley
P Jenson and lady, Blkuben; Miss Annie
Campbell, Woman's Exponent; James Dual
and daughter, Tooele Transcript: R. S. Fries
and mother. Official Photographer; W. J.
Felt and wife. Pacific Union Recorder.
$1 51, does It not seem reasonable to suppose
that the larger companies — whose cost of pro
duction Is necessarily less— could make a suf
ficient profit In 1001, when the home value of
their coal was $1 87 per ton, to enable them
without detriment to their business to pay the
anthracite mine workers the small pittance
asked for by them?
THE Utah Press Association, a
party numbering some fifty-seven
people, one-half of whom are
Mormons and the other half gen
tiles, arrived in the city in their
special car from Ogden yesterday morn
ing. This is the ninth annual outing of
the association, the trip having com
menced on June 9. While here the party
will be guests of the Press Club of San
Francisco.
The roster of the party Is as follows:
TWO OF THE TURNERS PROM
INENT AT THE FESTIVAL IN
SAN JOSE.
Conscious of the great responsibility resting
upon us; apprehensive of the danger threaten
ing our commercial supremacy should the coal
miners of the entire United States become par
ticipants In this struggle, we repeat our prop
osition to arbitrate all questions fn dispute;
and If our premises are wrong. It our posi
tion Is untenable; If our demands cannot be
sustained by facts and figures, we will again
return to the mines, take up our tools of in
dustry and await the day when we shall have
a more righteous cause to claim the approval
of the American people.
JOHN MITCHELL,
President of the United Mine Worker* of
America. i
It is now apparent that the real purpose of
the coal operators is to destroy organization
among workmen. If by any chance* they should
succeed in their design — which Is not at all
likely — another labor organization will spring
from the ruins of the United Mine Workers of
America and the contest for living wages, for
humane conditions of employment, for hotter
education, for higher citizenship, will go on
until the men who produce coal — the originat
ing motor power which drives the wheels of
commerce and industry, the product that Is so
essential to the welfare of society, the mineral
which Is the very foundation of our national
prosperity — shall receive for their labor «uf
ficlent compensation to relieve them of the
necessity of sending their boys and girls, of
tender years and frail physique, to the mines
and mills, there to destroy their youthful vigor
In an effort to assist their under-paid patents
to maintain their families.
WARNING TO OPERATORS.
The statement says that according to
reports of various chiefs of police mere
has been less infraction of the laws and
fewer arrests during the time the strike
has been In progress than for a like pe
riod preceding it.
Concluding, the statement says:
Eight times as many men and boys are killed
and injured annually In the anthraolta coal
mines of Pennsylvania aa were- killed and
wounded from the American ranks In tha Span
ish-American war la Cuba. . .
The statement tells of the fatalities
among miners, and says: . .
This recital of facts disposes of the operators'
claim that they cannot afford to pay living
wages for faithful service and unceasing toil
amid surroundings constantly fraught with tha
gravest danger.
slderable income from the continuance of this
system of measuring the earnings of their em
ployes, as they thus receive a large amount of
marketable coal for which they return no com
pensation to the miners. The miners have
asked that the coal they produce shall be
honestly weighed and correctly recorded.
The visitors will, utilize this forenoon
as best pleases them, there being no set
programme. A number will ride out to
Golden Gate Park and visit the museum,
observatory and other places of Interest
in the park. Returning before 11 o'clock,
they will then visit the Mint, where the
process of turning virgin gold into the
coin of Uncle Sam's realm will be ex
plained to them. For the afternoon an
excursion on the bay has been provided.
The Call has tendered the use of a ves
sel for the editors and the party will be
accompanied by a committee from the
Press Club. The vessel will leave at 1:30
o'clock. The Union Iron Works, the
Islands in the bay and other points of In
terest will be inspected. In the evening
there will be a tour of Chinatown under
the chaperonage of four detectives es
pecially detailed for the service by Cap
tain Martin. The Utahans will leave for
Monterey to-morrow.
The association members visited Boise
City, Portland, Seattle and Victoria, B. C.
in all of which cities they were royally
entertained by local members of the press.
They were met on their arrival at the
ferry by a committee from the Press Club
and escorted to the Golden West Hotel,
where headquarters were opened. Dur
ing the afternoon the" visiting journalists
were treated to a car ride to the Cliff
House, a special, observation car having
beer, provided for the purpose. The car
was in charge of a committee from the
Press Club, including President I*. E.
Stover, Secretary Elmore Leffingwell, Li
brarian George" Trowbridge, James K.
Polk, Philip Bolger and Oscar Tolle. Mrs.
James K. Polk chaperoned the ladles of
the party. Several stops were made at
points of interest en route, the car re
turning to the city at 5:30 o'clock.
NAPLES, Jun« 22.— Candidates put for
ward by the Camorra, the notorious se
cret society, were elected all along tha
line in the municipal elections recently
held here. It is expected that the gov
ernment will dissolve the municipal coun
cil. .
C/imorra Triumphs in Naples.
ENSLEY. Ala., June 22.— The mutilated
remains of Odis Bunch, aged IS years, an
electrician employed in the steel mills
tier<% were found in the smoking ruins of
a boarding-house, destroyed by fire to
6ay. The authorities believe the boy was
murdered and the house fired to hide the
crime. His head was almost severed from
the body and his dismembered limbs
were found in various parts o.f the house.
The face was badly burned. Bunch is
said to belong to a wealthy family of Pu
laski, Tenn.
Burn Building to Hide a Murder.
OFFICERS OF UTAH PRESS ASSO
CIATION, MANY MEMBERS OP
WHICH ARRIVED YESTERDAY.
The other singer is Mrs. Lillie Birming
ham of San Francisco. She -gave a con
cert at Bechstein 'Hall Friday evening,
when her warm and sympathetic con
tralto voice charmed a large audience,
which gave her an enthusiastic reception.
The critics also Joined heartily in an ap
preciative verdict. Mrs. Birmingham gave
a selection of songs in French, German,
English and Italian.
LONDON, June 22.— Two American
singers, both daughters of California,
last week scored .more than ordinary suc
cess before London audiences. Ellen
Beach Taw In a concert in St. James
Hall convinced the critics she is no long
er to be regarded as merely the possessor
of a phenomenally. high voice. Since she
was* first in England, six years ago, her
voice has deepened and gained in volume.
It is now of medium register and of a
particularly mellow quality.
Birmingham Charm Large and
Critical Audiences.
Ellen Beach. Yaw .and Mrs. Lillie
DAUGHTEBS OF CALIFORNIA
SCORE SUCCESS IN IX5ND0N
To-day's exercises began with a march
of the turners, headed by the Fifth Regi
ment Band, for Schuetzen Park, where
the athletic contests were held. There
were seyeral hundred men in line, headed
by the local Turn Verein. At the park
the athletic contests were held under the
direction of Paul Uth, the head turnwart
of the 'Bezirk.
The contests to-day were on hor
izontal and parallel bars and side and
straight horses. San Francisco Turn Ve
rein was represented by sixteen men, Ein
tracht of San Francisco by twenty, Vor
waerts of San Francisco, two: Oakland
Turn Verein, seven, and Sacramento Turn
Verein, four. The men gave fine exhibi
tions of their ability as athletes and a
large crowd of spectators was in constant
attendance. Each man's skill is. figured
on a percentage and their standing will
not be known until to-morrow's contests
are completed. All those making over 50
per cent out of a possible 75 will receive
a diploma. There are three grades. In
the third or highest nine are entered; in
the second, sixteen, and in the first, twen
ty-four. High and broad Jumping, pole
vaulting, bar and ring turning, bowling
and shooting will be taken up to-morrow,
and there will be fencing and wrestling.
In the evening there will be a grand ball,
when the distribution of prizes will take
place. . '
This turnfest of the Bezirk is proving
one of the most interesting held, as is
evidenced by the attendance. There are
delegations present from the Turn Verein,
Eintracht and Vorwaerts of San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Sacramento, Stockton,
Lbs Angeles, San Diego, Marysville, Santa
Rosa. Fresno, Bakersfleld and Riverside
Vereins. This Bezirk turnfest takes in all
Central California and nearly every town
in the section is represented. Every at-
S! AN JOSE, June 22.— With song and
dance the athletes of the Pacific
Coast Turn Bezirk closed the first
day of their nineteenth biennial
turnfest. All day long they vied
with one another on parallel and horizon
tal bars and the straight and side horse,
and thte evening the singing sections en
tertained the sturdy members of the ve
reins.
The large crowds that came last night
were added to this morning by the excur
sions from San Francisco. Two thousand
people came from the bay cities on two
excursion trains. This enlivened, the city
and the turners are practically in posses
sion of the place. A delegation of 200
turners from Los Angeles and San Diego
came in on an early train this morning
and these also gave an added interest to
the turnfest.
DRAWS A CONCLUSION.
If the G..B. Markle Company could make
a profit of over $1,000,000 in five years when the
selling price of their coal at the mines was
In substantiation of our claim that the coal
companies can afford to pay increased wageu
to the mine workers without Increasing the cost
of coal to the consumers we submit the follow
ing extracts from the Government reports
showing the selling value of the coal loaded on
cars at the mines for the eleven years begin
ning with 1800 and ending with 1900, as com
pared with 1001. The average home value of
all coal mined and sold during this period was
$1 48 per ton, while a press bulletin recently
Issued by Charles D. Walcott. director of the
United States geological survey, says that for
the year 1901. the "Jncrease In the value of the
anthracite product received at the mines
showed a gain of 27.746,164, or more than 31
per cent over that of 1000. The average price
for the marketed anthracite coal, that Is tha
product shipped to market or sold, to local
trade was $1 87, the highest figure obtained
since 1888."
In other words, while, according to President
Oliphant, 13 cents per ton represents the ope
rators' increased cost of production in 1901,
39 cents per ton — as compared with 1900 — rep
resents the increased value of the product to
the operators. In view of the fact that this
enormous Increase in the selling price of coal
has been extorted from the consumer by the
coal trust, can any one say that the demands
of the miners for a small portion of the in
creased wealth their labor has produced are
unreasonable or unwarranted?
The statement says that further evidence of
the ability of the coal mine operators to pay
increased wages Is shown In the statement of
John Markle, managing partner of the G. B.
Markle Coal Company, an independent firm
operating three mines In the Lehlgh region,
made in a suit before the Supreme Court of
Pennsylvania. Mr. Markle Is quoted as say
ing that the company In the . five years from
1890 to 1894 made profits of ovet- $1,000,000. and
the statement says the Government - reports
show that the home value of coal produced
by the anthracite companies during that time
was $1 51 a ton. .
The railroad presidents contend that they
cannot Increase wages without making a cor
responding Increase in the selling price of their
product to the consumer, and have accused the
mine workers of suggesting a proposition that
would impose a hardship upon the public • by
increasing the market price of coal 10 cents
a ton. the amount that would have been re
quired to meet all the demands made by the
miners; however, their solicitude for the pub
lic weal has not deterred them from advancing
the market price of their coal more than $1
per ton since the strike was inaugurated, with
out giving any part of the Increase to the mine
workers.
PKICE OF COAIi 'ADVANCED.
From 1800 to 1900, Inclusive, the mines were
In active operation an average of 182 days
per year, and for each person employed there
were produced 363.58 tons of coal per year, or
for each day the mines were In operation 2.16
tons were produced per employe; while In the
year 1901, against which the operators so bit
terly complain, the mines were In operation
194^4 days, and there were produced 475.43 tons
for each person employed, or for each day
the mines were in operation 2.36 tons were
produced per employe, thus showings conclu
sively that Instead of a deterioration there was
a decided improvement In the productive ca
pacity of the men after they became thoroughly
organized. ! Can the unprejudiced reflect upon
these facts and conlude that the anthracite
miner Is a better workman than he was before
the 10 per cent concession In wages two yeara
ago?
The presidents of the various coal-carrying
railroads have given publicity to a statement
that during the year 1901 the productive capac
ity of mine workers deteriorated an average
of 121a per cent; in other words, the United
Mine Workers' organization is accused of en
couraging poor workmanship. An examination
of the reports on coal production compiled by
the United States Government discloses the
fact that the allegations of the railroad presi
dents are misleading and untrue, as the fol
lowing figures will demonstrate:
Such pay may supply a living on a par with
some classes of European laborers; but who
will say that it is sufficient to support Amer
ican citizens or enable parents to educate and
properly maintain their families? True it is
that a 10 per cent Increase was granted by
the coal operators as a strike concession two
years ago, but It Is also true that a large por
tion of this 10 per cent was paid back to the
companies to buy the suppression of an old
powder grievance. Moreover, according to re
liable commercial agencies, the cost of living
has Increased, particularly In the purchase of
foodstuRs, from- 80, t*> =40. per, cent.- so that the
purchasing power of a miner's earnings is less
now than before the strike of 1900.
For more than twenty-five years the anthra
cite coal mine worksers of Pennsylvania have
chaffed and groaned under the most Intolerable
and inhuman conditions of employment
Imaginable. ¦ Their average annual earnings
have been less than those of any other class
of workmen in the United States, notwith
standing the fact that their work is more haz
ardous and the cost of living greater than in
any other Important American industry. The
total number of persons employed in and
around the anthracite coal mines Is 147,600.
They are employed never to exceed 200 days In
any one year and they receive as compensation
for their services an average of $1 42 for a
ten-hour work da^- It will thus be noted that
they earn annually less than $300.
WAGE OF THE MINEBS.
To the Public: If the contest now in 'pro
gress In the anthracite coal legions of Penn
sylvania aliectfcd only the welfare of the rail
road and mining corporations on the one hani
and the coal mine workers on the oiher, the
public would have no vital interests at stake
and would consequently be less concerned than
it now is in the continuance, the extension or
the termination of the conflict; but inasmuch
as there is a third and important interest in
volved which, although in nowise responsible
for /the present strike, is, nevertheless, an in
nocent victim thereof, it is but fair and proper
that the general public should be fully and ac
curately informed upon the merits of the que3
tion In controversy. If it shall be asked why
we have waited until the- close of the tixtn
week of the strike to Issue a statement of
this nature, sufficient -answer may be found
in the fact that we have hesitated to utter any
word or take any position that" would impede
or embarrass easy reconciliation "with the coil
operators. Every delay and precaution, every
conceivable conciliatory effort that honorable
and conservative men could take to avert a
rupture and every means that thought could
suggest to bring the matter In dispute to ar
bitration was resorted to by the union both
before the strike order was issued and since
It went into effect, but without avail, the coal
magnates replying to all our overtures with thj
declaration that there was. nothing to arbitrate.
This statempnt on their part Is equivalent to
saying that the coal mine workers have made
unreasonable demands and have struck without
real or sufficient cause. To this let plain, un
varnished facts and figures reply.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., June 22.— John
Mitchell, president of the United Mine
Workers of America, to-day issued the
following address. It is partly a repiy to
the letters of the operators declining to
accede to the demands of the union,
which were published about ten days ago:
If Senators Morgan, Hanna and Kltt
redge oppose this in conference, it Is al
together probable that Representative
Hepburn and the House conferees will
withdraw It. *
• Not only is President Roosevelt in
trusted with tremendous power and re
sponsibility In the matter of the selec
tion of the route, but also in the appoint
ment of the commission to carry out the
great enterprise. Seven members are
provided for, and their salaries and ex
penses will aggregate not less than $130.
w)0 annually. To conduct such a great
work without the suspicion of a scandal,
in the stress of party politics, will b«
a gigantic undertaking and It is a high
compliment which Congress pays to the
character of President Roosevelt in plac
ing in his hands, without limitation or
reservation, the selection of the most
important commission* created by Con
gress since its foundation.
That should the President be unable, within
six months after the approval of this act. to
obtain for the United States, on reasonable
terms, satisfactory title to the property ot the
New Panama Canal Company and such con
trol of and jurisdiction over the necessary ter
ritory of the Republic of Colombia mentioned
in sections 1 and 2 of this act. Including; the
right to perpetually maintain and operate the
Panama Railroad.
Senator Mallory offered three amend
ments making a time limit of six, twelve
and eighteen months. AH of these wera
defeated by about the same majority by
which the Spooner substitute was after
ward adopted by the Senate.
When the House conferees finally yield
to the Senate bill an effort will be made
to Insert the Mallory amendment limit
ing the time to one year. This reads as
follows:
The House conferees, however, will not
prolong the struggle in conference in or
der to get this amendment accepted, be
lieving that the President will take up
the matter promptly and reach an early
decision.
It was said to-day that the House might
lrsist on inserting one of the amendments
offered by Senator Mallory of Florida,
putting a tim« limit on the President in
the matter of his investigation of the al
leged difficulties, legal and diplomatic,
which surround the Panama offer, and
are Involved in accepting the Panama
iGute.
CALL, BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, June 22.— That Con
gress, after all, has the greatest confi
dence that President Roosevelt 13 a man
of action and can be trusted to carry out
promptly' a great enterprise is shown by
the disposition of the House to accept
tLe Senate canal bill with little, if any.
material change.
Soecial Dispatch to The Call.
Hay Insist Upon a Single Amend
ment Putting a Time Limit
on the President's In- ,j
vestigaticms. jg^j
Says the United Mine Workers, Be
lieving Their Cause Just, 'Are .
Ready at All Times to ,
¦ Arbitrate.
Explains Cause and Status
of Strike in Anthra
cite Regicn. " -
Representatives Have Confi
dence in the Wisdom
of Roosevelt
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Hon Leo P.
Pepperman. member of the Philippine
Clvii Service Commission, is in the city,
having- just arrived on leave of absence
from Manila. Pepperman said to-day:
"The scope of the commission has been
extended gradually until it now covers 6000
positions, ranging in salary from $15 per
month to $«<00 per year."
He says that the immediate reward to
euccessful applicants has caused a change
in the old classical system of education
under the Spanish regime to one of more
modern civilization, based largely on prac
tical lines. So great is the interest of the
Filipinos In acquiring a knowledge of
English that 10,000 adults are going to
night schools in Manila. Before the
American occupation the American type
writers were almost unknown in the
Philippines, but now at every examina
tion held applications are being received
In typewriting and stenographing. Of the
6000 positions mentioned, 4000 are held by
the natives, the remainder by Americans.
The policy of the commission, Pepper
man says, has been to replace the Amer
icans by Filipinos as rapidly as possible.
"Under Spanish rule," he continued,
"women were unheard of in the Govern
ment service, but just before I left Manila
, three Filipino young ladles had passed
successful examinations and had been
given good positions. The Filipino makes
a splendid clerk.
"Shortly before coming to America 1
made a tour of the principal provinces for
the purpose of conducting examinations.
It was surprising how much good ma
terial was discovered, considering the
fact that the education of the island is
centered in Manila."
The former insurgent general Callles,
who surrendered to the American authori
ties in June of 1901, has notified the
board which is investigating the charges
of cruelty brought by Major Gardener
£gair.st American officers and soldiers in
Tayabas, Luzon, that he is willing to
testify as to the conditions which ex
isted in Tayabas Province " prior to his
surrender and after Major Gardener had
declared the province to be pacified. Gen
eral Cailles said that he agrees with Gen
eral Malvar, another former Insurgent
leader, that Tayabas Province was the
best disciplined stronghold the insurgents
had.
Captain Frederick S. Wilde of the Thir
teenth Infantry has b6en sentenced by
court-martial to be reprimanded for the
burning of a native cockpit at Lingayan,
province of Pangasinan, Luzon.
In approving the findings of the court
martial which sentenced Captain Wilde,
General Chaffee says the captain violated
a. general order and did not show proper
respect to the civil authorities.
Senor Villejas, formerly Presidente of
Santa Tomas, has been sentenced to
twenty years' Imprisonment for violating,
in several instances, his oath of allegiance
to the United States.
MANILA, June 22.— Ninety American
eoldlers have died of cholera since the
disease first broke out. Owing to the In
crease ot cholera the health authorities
here and in the provinces are enforcing
stringent regulations. The total number
cf cases and deaths are as follows: Ma
nila, 15SD cases and 1236 deaths; provinces,
7369 cases and 5440 deaths.
Health Authorities Enforce
Strict Regulations but
Without Result
President Mitchell Issues
an Address to the
Public.
Passage of the Senate
Canal Measure Is
Probable.
Ninety of the Americans
Die of the Disease
in Philippines.
HOUSE SEEMS
DISPOSED TO
ACCEPT BILL
DREAD CHOLERA
KILLS SOLDIERS
TELLS WHAT
MINERS ARE
STRIVING FOR
TURN BESIRK ATHLETES
STRIVE FOR THE LAUREL
Nineteenth Biennial Festival Begins in San Jose With a
Big Attendance and Many Interesting Performances at
Schuetzen Park by Members of Prominent Organizations
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1902.
Party of Newspaper Folk From the Mormon State Reaches
San Francisco on an Extended Tour of Coast — Visitors
Are Well Entertained by Local Members of Profession
JOURNALISTS FROM UTAH
GUESTS OF PRESS CLUB
3
TWENTIETH CEITURTC tl 30KS
Aa additional charire ot so
cents to pay expresiage -will
be required from ont of town
subscribers ordering by zunll.
A car-load of. Cook Hook*
has Jnst arrived front Chicago
and they are ready tor Almtrl-
bntlon at the bwilneu offl^o
of this paper. - All Call sub-
scribers are entitled to a copy
of this great Cook Book at
the premium price ' ot fifty,
cents.
ADVERTISEMENTS*
Good enough
for anybody!
Havana Filler
/ * \
fc2\v5S?fr*3m BP^x^JOfl^L ~fcv5v*i^vi
£ FLORODORA '* BANDS tn
ef same value as tags from
-STAR.'* "HORSBSHOEr %
u 'standard na vr: %
•• OLD PEACH & HONEY:*
- SA WLOCr •• OLE VARGINY- N
.ft "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
6 rM^_
® VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY for MEM
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of tb«
Mormon Church asd their
follower*. Positively cure th«
worst cases In old and youn*
arlsln* from effects ot self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cars lost
Manhood. Irnpotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltaess to Mar.
tion. Don't get despondent, a cure Is at hand.
KestorTsmall. undeveloped organs^ Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; « for
$3 60 by maik A written guarantee to cureor
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address TBI3HOP RKMEDT CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Banl&ncls£. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO. 3S
and 40 Third «t- '
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMXAKA BITTERS, THS
Great Mexican Remedy; tivaa health an4
•trengtn to sexual organs. Depot, 823 MirbuIh'fact, a following has already appeared. The Wash
ington correspondent of "Hie Call in a recent dispatch
says: '"There js a" strong sentiment in both' branches
of Congress in favor of the" annexation of the island.
Senator Plattof New York said to-day that he was
positive that a bill to annex Cuba would pass both
houses. He admitted that the initiative would have
to come. from the. Cubans and believes that sentiment
in favor. of annexation would spread rapidly in Cuba."
It is not in' Congress- only that the' annexation
sentiment exists, nor is the propaganda in favor, of
the movement confined 'to politicians. In the- cur
rent number of The; Forum, Albert G. Robinson, in
I an\ article on "Our. Legacy to the Cuban
says: "Sooner or later, and probably at no distant
day, Cuba is destined to become a part of the United
States. The annexation of the island after she shall
have made, an essay of. such independence as is";left
her. under the terms of the Platt amendment, will
Jbe the completion of an American policy of a hundred
Only a short time has passed since our. jubilation
over the withdrawal of the army from Cuba and "al
ready a new Cuban issue has arisen. " A resolution has
been subinittedVto the Senate providing for the an
nexation of. Cuba, and the resolution is not a freak,
nor -did it emanate-from an irresponsible statesman:
Senator lElkins, author of the resolution; is a practical
man. and a Senator of influence. Where he leads it
is certain that others will follow.
W.HEN the American flag was replaced at
Havana by the flag of free Cuba, when the
• American army sailed away and President
Palma began the administration of an independent
government, the great rrlass of the American people
hailed the occasion with satisfaction as" the ending
of our relations with the Cuban, problem. It was
felt that while we might have trouble for years to
come in the Philippines, we were safely out of Cuba.
We had "prompted the establishment of an independ
ent republic,' had performed a great and generous
deed, .and now were to leave the liberated people to
make themselves strong by r grappling with their own
difficulties and working out .their, own salvation. -
A NEW CUBAN QUESTION.
stations the officers are provided * with
quarters or an allowance made for the
same where there are not enough houses,
but an unjust discrimination is mad*
when officers are serving on inspection
duty. In the latter event only officers
of the line are allowed compensation for
quarters, while naval constructors and
assistant naval constructors, who are not'
of the line, although they rank as such,
have to pay for their quarters. There 13
apparently no good reason why the In
spector of machinery or equipment should
receive an allowance of J4S0 to:}600 for
rent of house while the naval constructor
must pay for such out of his salary.
Germany's Fine Cab Service!
The whole cab service of Germany fcs
regulated in a way to make the people,
on this side of the Atlantic envious of
German institutions. In most cities a
large proportion of the cabs are provided
with "taxameters," little dials placed in
fh 0 .^** 0^" 1 * 6 s , eat - and!O arranged that
they indicate Just how much the passen-
Ker owes at any given time. For instance,
when you take a cab In Berlin the indica
tor shows a, charge of 50 pfennigs (12
c?nts) as soon as you take your seat, and
as .you drive the llsures change, 10 pfen
nigs at a time, and when you are ready io
stop you pay the sum indicated, by the
dial, no more, no less. Thus there is no
chance for extortion on the part of the
cabman and no . disagreement as to
charges, a feature of disagreeable prom
inence in London and Paris. And it mav
be said in passing that the charges ara
generally very low compared with thoso
In American or Canadian cities
Cal. slace fruit 50c per lb at Towraena's.'
Prunes stuffed with ap.-icots. Townsenda.'
Townsend's California glace fruit i j c a
pound, in artistic fire-etched boxe3. A nle»
present for Eastern friends. 633 Mar'
stteet. Palace Hotel building. iZZ .'•'
¦¦ ¦¦ •¦ ¦ • • f • " i ".'.'
Special information supplied cSalty to
business houses and "public men bv'thj
Press CUpplng Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cali
fornia street. Telephone Main 1042. •
The population of New York City Chi
cage, and Philadelphia is almost' ont
twelfth of the population of the whole
Cheap Bates to Minneapolis. Minn.
N. E. A. Convention, 581 SO. San Francisco
to Minneapolis and return, going dfrect llnis
returning Northern Pacific Railway On sa!e
July 1 and 2. eood sixty days. On.'y r«qulr«3
•ir days tor «ntlr« trip through Yellowstone
National Park. Just the season to visi» "Na
ture's Greatest Wonderland." The Northern
Pacific train "XorthCcast Limited." 'in "un=x
celled by any other. Sceln? Is . believing. T.
K. Stateler, general agent. 647 Market. St.. S. F.
— ¦ . » . •
Quality makes price. Were' Burnett's Vanilla
Extract no better than other extracts H» pr.lc«
would be ta« same. , One* tried alwagra .uaaO.
of current work, was lost, besides a num
ber of valuable models, extensive collec
tions of draughtmen's tools and a six
months' supply of drawing material.
Eleven powers will be represented at
the naval review during the coronation
'of King Edward VII, as follows:
. Argentine — Presldente Sanniente, a training:
ship and cruiser of 2750 ton«. ; ¦ ¦ • ¦* ¦
: Denmark — Herlup Trolle, coast defense »hlp
of 3740 tons.
France— Montcalm. an armored cruiser of
0517 tons. • . . .- ...... ......
I Germany; — Kaiser Friedricb m, battleship of
11.0CO tons, v ;
Italy— Carlo Alberto, armored cruiser of 6500
tons. ' .; ¦ . ;
. Japan— Armored cruiser Asama, 8760 tons,
and protected cruiser Takasago, 4160 tons.
¦ Norway— Norge, coast derensa ship of 8847
tons. . ' . '-¦ ,
Russia— Pobeida (Victory), battleship of 12,'
674 tons. ' .-¦':.
Spain— Emperador Carlos V, armored cruiser
of 9235 tons! »
Sweden— Svea, coast defense ablp o£ 8100
-tons.- - - '. - -. . '. .,..-¦..
United States— Battleship Illinois, of 11.825
tons, the. best of the foreign ships, .and com
paring favorably with the giant battleships of
the British navy. . .¦ . • . ; , -.
¦ x-J * . ? * •
By the end of 1906 the navy of France
wiir consist of 28 battleships, 14 coast de
fense, 24 armored cruisers; 35 protected
cruisers, 72 destroyers, about 200 torpedo
boats and 50 submarine boats. Four naval
stations outside ' of France wtU'l^e com
pleted, namely, Bizerta, Laigron, Diego
Luarez and Dakar, A French writer, sup
posed to be a high official, is not content
with the above showing of naval strength
and' advocates the construction of addi
tional swift cruisers, together ¦ with a
plentiful sypply of torpedo-boats and sub
¦marines. "To be successful In a .war -with
'England," ; he argues, "the "French rnuut
be able to clear the seas of the British
cruisers appointed to protect commerce,
and so compel the enemy to split up their
fleets in European waters." In prior wars
France. had but little success In clearing
the seas of British cruisers and It will
take an overwhelming number of ships
to accomplish such an object, more than
France alone and unaided could do.
Defects in the'plans for the submarine
boats building at Toulon will delay the
construction of these vessels six 1 months.
Four vessels of that type are being built
at that dockyard, three of which are M)
feet in length and the fourth 135 feet
Chief Constructor Bowles has asked
Congress to Increase the naval construc
tion corps from forty, to sixty,' and that
these officers be 'given an allowance for
quarters such as all line officers, of the
navy receive. It Is not probable that the
number will be Increased for some time,
bui~the recommendation for" additional"
compensation is fair and should be ac
cepted. At navy-yards and other shore
A serious fire broke, out June '6 in the
Chatham dockyard,! entirely destroying a
large building in which the draughting
rooms of the yard were located. The con
tents, consisting of drawings and molds
Seventy-five vessels are in course of
construction for the British navy, includ
ing eleven battleships and twenty arm
ored cruisers. Thirty-five ships passed
into the navy during, the past year and
appropriations are made for beginning
twenty-seven vessels. The combined vote3
for building; repairs and armament " of
ships amounts to $92,480,000. against the
total naval estimates of the~German navy
of $50,000,000, France $60,000,000 and "the
United States $78,000,000.
Naval i cadets on the Britannia are
caned for serious offenses, but such pun
ishment Is only Inflicted on very rare oc
casions. Twelve strokes with a light cane
is the limit. _ '_ ¦ . .... ¦ . .
:> without a single hitch. The first^
trial,- of thirty, hours, under one-flfth x
power, came off' May 13 and 14, the speed
being 15.238 knots with 6372 horsepower,
200 pounds of steam, 70.75 revolutions and
a coal consumption of 1,76 pounds per
unit of horsepower. . On May 15 another
trial of thirty hours, under . four-fifths
power, was begun, resulting in 21.96 knots
speed, 22,882 horsepower, with 245 pounds
steam, 107.15 revolutions and coal con
sumption of 1.75 pounds. On May 19 the
eight hours' trial, under full -power, gave
23.23 knots, 31,203, horsepower, with 180
pounds steam, 121 revolutions and a coal
expenditure of 1.9 pounds. The ship wag
down to a draught of 26 feet 2 inches
forward and 26 feet 2% inches aft on the
last trial, and her performance was an
unqualified success, exceeding that of the
Good Hope, which developed 31,088 horse
power and 23.05 knots speed.
rr*** HE armored cruiser Leviathan, of
I -14,100 tons, built at Clydebank, has
I passed through her steam trials,
¦ ¦*• completing the series in seven days
Onr local business continues , excellent. Exports
from San Francisco by sea during the first eleven
months of the fiscal year, which ends June 30,
amounted to $38,240,000, against $35,260,000 du'rin'g
the same period in 1900-1901 and $32,638,000 in 1809
1900. The-se figures shov^a steady gain in the export
trade of the port, and give us no cause for complaint.
Our shipping trade overland to the Territories and
Eastern States has also increased, and probably much '
more than our foreign sea trade, as the West and
Southwest are calling upon us for. supplies of farm
produce more and more every year. We now' are
a?k<?d for quotations on lines of grain,' vegetables and
fruit before the crops are harvested, and the business
of catering to the vast section between us and the
Mississippi Valley is assuming important proportions.
This is a business that does not pass through '.any
custom house and therefore is riot visible to anybody
except those in the trade itself, and up' to the present
has received little public attention. But it is incrcas- ;
ing so rapidly that it is now well to tHe front and [will
very soon be recognized as .£ branch of trade to be
helped along and fostered as much as possible ': ' ;
¦ The downtown merchants without -exception report
a good demand for produce and merchandise, with
collections easy and failures few. The banks,%both
city and country, arc plentifully sup'plied : .with funds,
and some of them are hunting up borrowers. ..A few
years ago it was just the other way, but now. the
solvent borrower finds no difficulty /in getting prompt
accommodation at moderate rates of interest. - This
condition leads to the formation of new enterprises,
which continue to spring up on all sides, thus devel
oping the industries of the State to an extent never
before witnessed in our history- For all of which
t.c may be truly thankful. .;.¦»: i ." ¦
When Los Angeles County is called upon to pay
the co^ts of Gage's criminal libel suit the taxpayers
will wish to know why he brought the suit in tha ( .
county instead of some place nearer to the'hbmes of
the witneise» ¦<;
While the- bank clearings of ' the country yshow a
loss, the railway earnings, on the contrary, continue
to lead those of last year, showing an active distrib
utive business throughout the country. But still, the
leading staples of the country are more .or less list
less. Leather is dull, and hides are hardly as firm
as they have been. Orders for boots -and shoes,
while somewhat better than they have been, are, not
yet sufficient to keep all the New England factories
employed. The woolen and cotton trades are quiet
and featureless, and buying of woolens is not brisk.
Business in grain on the Chicago Boaid of Trade
has been somewhat better during the past week, but
cannot be called active by any means.
- As far as the usual guiding figures show, the coun
try as a whole is still behind 190 1 in the volume of;
business. The bank clearings continue behind -those
of last .year, the decrease last, week being 19 £ per
cent, though most of the leading cities showfedia gaiti
New York continues to lag, probably owing- to the
marked dullness in Wall street, which has been.a
sort of Sleepy Hollow for some time. Again, the
season is backward, which affects" New York by de
ferring the calls on her banks for money to move the
crops, and also deferring the influx of money from
Europe> in return for export bills, spot and prospec-.
tive. New York may and probably will have an ac
tive fall, but her summer is~undeniably dull as com
pared with the abnormal activity of the past few
years. If the usual summer business is delayed until
autumn the movement then will doubtless be just
so much the heavier. It is largely a quesr>on ; of crops
in the long run, and the crop outlook is excellent.
It is only a question of weeks when activity will be
resumed, provided no setback occurs, and there are
no signs of any at present. •
TEiADE is quieter in the East, but v^ry good in
the West. The former section is affected by.
the continued kbor strikes, which bob tip one
aiier another, and the latter by .the fine ? crop pros
pects. The Pacific Coast, being free from tire former
and in abundant possession of the latter* - Hr-ia *he
best condition of alL . ¦ % . * I I ' ~"
PROSPERITY STILL WITH US.
MONDAY........:". ..; .JUNE 23, 1902
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
/ c inn 1 11 CeirirBcirtUcES U W. S. LSAKE, Kanagtr. .
•'. -7
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Connect
You With the Department You V-h.
IXIILICATIOX OFFICE... Ma rW-t «nd Third. S. F.
iniTOIlIAL HOO.MS.. ...-17 to 221 S«eTen*on St.
Delivered Jit Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week,
Slnirle CoplCK. .". Cent*. ,
Trrm* l»y Mall. Ineladlnjr Postaset
CAILT CALL UEclufiln* Sunday), one year »«.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). 6 months S.OO
DAILY' CAtX. Uncludin* Ei'aday). S months .' 1.30
DAILY CALI< — By EInple Month «5e
fVXDAT CALL. One Yfar 1-00
WEEKLY CALL. One Year .' • LOO
All po*tma«ter» nre eathorlzed to receive
- ttnbncrf ptlonn.
Ffirri le copies will be forwarded when requested.
Ma:! subscribers m ordering eha- ¦_¦* of addrws rtouli be
rartleelar to rlv* both NEW AND OL1> ADDRESS in order
to injure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
« IKUM) OFFICE 111". .Broadway
C. GEORGE KttOGXFSS.
Ktctgtr rorcigs Advertising. JUrqcette Bnildia;, Chieaj)
(Loer Distance Telephore "Central 2019.**)
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C- c. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITEPHES U. SMITH «O Tribune Building;
NEW YORK NEWS' STANDS :
Vraiderf-Aftcrla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square:
Murrey Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Phersnan House ; P. O. -News Co.: Great Northern Hate!';
rretnont House; Auditorium Hotel.
\VASHI3TOT<iK <D. C> OFFICE. . . . 14OfJ G St.. W..-W.
MORTON 12. CRAXE. Correspondent.
nilAA'Cn OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, corner «f Clar. op»n
vrtll 9 JO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until fi:30 o'clock. I C$Z
McAllieter. cpen n-tll 9:S0-o'cloclc 615 Larkin. open tir.tU
8-.S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261
Market, corner Sixteenth, cpen until 9 o'clock. 1099 Va
"«r.cia. cren until 0 o'clock. 100 Eleventh, open until 9
c'clock. XT.', corner Twenty-Ecccnd and Kentucky, *_ ;n
ur.ttl * r'r-Xc'U. 2200 Fillmore. open : until 9' p. m..
iTE strike of the operatives in the silk mills of
Patefson seems to have ; been led, if not plan
¦ ned, .by the anarchists who have headquarters
in that city. The assassin of the King of Italy be
longed to the Paterson band; and set forth on his
journey thence, to commit the' crime that had been
plotted in advance. After he died in the galleys his
wife became a heroine in the Eastern circles of an
¦ Silk weaving is an Italian industry and many op
eratives of that nationality have immigrated to the
silk centers of this country in quest of the much
higher wages and better, opportunities they may en
joy in the: United States. Many native Americans j
have become skilled in that industry, and these, with f
many peaceful Italians, were not in .'sympathy with
the strike in the mills and desired to remain at work.
The "organization of weavers, however, was controlled
by the element that was subject to the leadership of
the anarchists, and made violent resistance to re
opening the mills with the labor that was willing to
operate them. An inefficient, cowardly or sympathetic
chief of police supplied the opportunity for extreme
measures, which • was at once taken advantage of,
and a bloody riot resulted, in which many lives were
in peril and property was destroyed.
Perhaps the anarchist leaders dreamed of inaugu
rating a revolution, in which the lawful authorities
would be driven off and ! the property attacked left at
their mercy. In this they were mistaken. This country
is not yet ready to leave life and property unprotected
by law. But a serious question is presented by
the incidents of labor contention this year. When
ever violence is resorted. to in a strike, and is able to
; force a surrender, the supremacy of such violence
over the law is taught and in the next labor dispute
the violence increases.
With* a Southern _ European immigration pouring
upon us by hundreds ofLthousands every year, this
is "a 'dangerous lesson to be taught. to such vast nura-.
bers who 'come, ignorant "of bur laws and with little
or no sympathy with our system of government. We
have recently published from United States Consular
reports the wages paid in the silk mills of Southern
Europe. In : Lyons, where that industry is the most
prosperous and the wages paid are highest, the av
erage wage is 60 cents a day. The report does not
state the hours which constitute a day's work, but it
is safe to say that they much exceed the hours in
American mills. As for the cost of living the same
reports show that it. exceeds the cost here.
1 Under these circumstances it would seem clear that
these immigrant strikers are bettered in amount of
wages, hours of labor and cost of living to an extent
that should content them with the change, at least
to the extent of making them obedient- to the laws
of the country, the only obedience exacted and loyal
ty" asked of our native people or of aliens who come
here. That they are not contented may be due to the
anarchist" ferment for which tHe Paterson' colony has
become noted.
The peculiar features of the riotous outbreak there
are admonitory. The idea that was uppermost in the'
encouragement of foreign immigration was that it
should assimilate and become American. In the
case of English-speaking aliens' this assimilation
readily took place in the first generation. But when
non-English speaking people huddle together in
dense colonies, as in manufacturing centers like Pat
erson, even the second generation remains non-as
similated and subject to the same misguiding influ
ences "that affected the immigrants.
It has been argued in Congress 'during discussion
'of the .Shattuc immigration , law that for economic
reasons there should be some effort made to secure
a sort of preferred immigration. This argument is
valid, but there are other reasons, political in their
nature, that go to the structure of government, which
' may well be urged. The frequently recurring ex
hibition of violence against person and property Jin .
defiance of • our laws designed to protect both, and
the omission of any adequate punishment for these
outbreaks of lawless passion, tend to breed wide
spread contempt for law. Associated with universal
suffrage this growing evil, unless checked, may run
to destructive extremes which wiHsfirofoundly affect
and unfavorably change the character of the Govern
ment.
. The spectacle of; a vast and destructive riot: in an
American city, led by alien anarchists and encouraged
by an anarchist newspaper printed in a foreign
tongue, is. not agreeable to the American sense of
law and order.. Legislators should look below the
surface of these things and. not content themselves,
with such slight scratching of the skin, of the ques
tion as has heretofore passed . for statesmanship in
dealing with the subject. > ;lV:7-3*;
UNDER ANARCHIST LEAD.
A French physician has inoculated himself with the
germ of consumption to prove that the disease may
be contracted from afflicted cows. In having thus the
courage of his convictions he possibly demonstrates
that in some instances genius may assume the. form
of .idiocy. .' . , .'-\ ' ¦' J ¦¦ : ( ¦
LEVIATHAN, BRITAIN'S BIG CRUISER,
If SHOWS SPEED IN THE TRIAL- TRIPS
THE Los Angeles newspapers recently published a dispatch
from San Francisco wherein it was reported that John
D. Spreckels had sailed for Honolulu and TV. S. Leake
had gone elsewhere. The leaders of the Gage push re
'¦ ceived the news with great glee, as.it seemed to give
them assurance that San Quentin affairs would not be thor
oughly ventilated before the Republican State Convention as
sembled. '¦¦' Later on, when the -truth was revealed that the pro
prietor and manager of The Call were in San Francisco,
awaiting' the convenience of the Los Angeles Sheriff, the push
gave ; 3f gns of . sore distress. The distress was not alleviated
when subsequent messages were received announcing that the
defendants^ were in court demanding an immediate examina
tion, while the Governor's lawyer was interposing objection.
On the receipt of the first dispatch there was clamor for pa
pers to extradite Mr. Sprcckels. When it was learned that a
hearing in Judge Fritz's court was in progress the push' began
to cast about for moans to extricate Mr. Gage.
I Extradition papers may be called for later on, when the
proper authorities take hold of the Kern County bond trans
action, in which the State school fund suffered the loss of
$16,000. The' defenders of the business administration are do^
ing everything possible to hush inquiry concerning the Kern
County bond deal. It is the opinion of bankers and others
familiar with financial- transactions that an Ins ide gang ot
the push planned and executed the deal. An explanat Ion from
the Governor is In order. He la at the head of the State Board
of Examiners. Let him tell the public why he a! lowed
ordinate to buy the bonds and pay a suV of $16.WO in «c«*3
of the market value of the securities. Extrication papers for
the Governor seem to be needed. The people would also^Hke
an explanatory word or two from the Treasurer Con
troller. Of course, they are not charged with the responsibil
ity of investing money for the school fund but there^com
mon gossip to the effect that they had an » n , kli "<|ofthis par
ticular transaction in which the school fund lost $16,000.
It is doubtful if Gage's name goes before the Republican
State Convention. Up to date A. Hochhelmer of Willows is
th* only Gage delegate chosen. A bunch of Gagelings maybe
SecTed^fch^e %S£t£lX&
of official power to Gage, Kevane and Aguirre for four yeara
more is not entertained by the people. *niinw'ln*
The sentiment of the State Is well expressed In the following
comment of the press:
REDLANDS CITRQGRAPH :
i About the strongest a/raignment of Govern
or.' Gage's conduct of the gubernatorial office
that we have seen is that published by the
Fresno Republican, which paper is edited by
Chester H. - Rowell, a relative of Dr. Chester
Rowell. It is clean but cutting, dignified but
damaging, polished but puncturing to Mr.
Gege's vanity." While this arraignment is se
vere, it is true, and no dodging can evade the
logical conclusion — no euch man ought to re
ceive the nomination, and if nominated, no such
man can be elected. The Republican's edito
rial follows :
i "He has used the power of his office to gain
practically dictatorial control of the Legisla
ture of the State, and has then used that con
trol to force through Eome of the most vicious
legislation proposed, while opposing or vetoing
some of the most important and salutary
measures. He secured the passage of a bill
fixing the terms of the appointive officers so {hat
they expire after the adjournment of the Leg
islature, thus ' practically nullifying the con
stitutional authority of the Senate to confirm
nominations. He sought to have passed, and
placed it among the emergency measures for
which he called the Legislature In extra ses
sion, ajbill giving him authority to remove all
the appointive officers throughout the State
and fill the places with his henchmen. He
could have prevented the passage of the noto
rious Assembly Constitutional Amendment No.
28, and promised to do so, but broke his prom
ise. This amendment. If ratified, will give him
the power to appoint a commission to serve
through the term of ' i*^. successor, and part of
it for ten years. wn»r^i will take the place of
all the commissions and boards in the State
having to do wlth^corporatlons. A more dan
gerous proposition was never placed before a
free people. He made the fight of his Hfe
to prevent the election of an eminent and hon
orable citizen of his own section to the United
States Senate, and to elect, instead, the most
notorious leader of corrupt politics in Califor
nia. He vetoed many necessary appropriation
bills, some because the legislators Interested in
them refused to submit to. his dictation, many
in order to make a false showing of economy,
and* some from real lack of comprehension of
the actual needs of the State. He signed some
of the most pernicious" and absurd legislation,
including a law (still on the statute books) to
confiscate every newspaper property " In the
State and donate it to whoever might ask for
it. He has neglected both the dignity and
the duties of his office. He has been a politi
cian, not a Governor, and has chosen the worst
possible associates and methods, even as a poli
tician." : '¦'¦'
SAN DIEGO UNION:
Governor Gage has been repudiated by his
party. The political history of the State dis
closes no parallel instance of a man who was
elected by a large majority to a high office
becoming so thoroughly disliked and distrusted
as is Henry T. Gage by the Republicans of
California to-day. The Governor. has been cen
sured again and again by papers of 'his party,
but perhaps the most complete and exact state
ment of the causes that have led to the repu
diation of the man and his methods is that
given by the Fresno Republican.
LOS ANGELES TIMES. '¦ . -^
The fact is becoming steadily more apparent
that Henry T. Gage, if 'the Republican State
Convention should be so short-sighted as to re
nominate him for Governor, cannot be elected.
The strong opposition to his renominatlon.
which is rapidly growing stronget In all sec
tions of the State, would Insure his defeat at
the polls, even if his henchmen should succeed
in their purpose to force his nomination.
Every day brings a fuller recognition of the
fact that Governor Gage is a breeder of strife,
a disturber of Republican harmony, and • an
utterly impracticable candidate for Governor.
His dictatorial methods, his demagogic appeals
to class prejudices, his Pharisaical claims to
the possession of great and ' unusual- virtues,
his unwarranted though impotent anger because
of legitimate and honest criticism, his unsavory
political associations — all these things com
bine to show that he is unfit for the position
of Governor. Of all possible candidates for the
of nee, Henry T. Gage is the weakest and the
least available.
The first aim of political parties should be to
be tight on public Questions. The next ob
ject should be to place in, nomination for office
its best and most available candidates. The
nomination of Gage, from any and every point
of view, is utterly inexpedient, and there is
not much doubt that the nominating conven
tion will so regard it: certainly that view will
prevail if the delegates will be guided by their
better judgment, and will look at the question
from the view-point Of political expediency and
common sense. -~ - v
It would be a grave tactical blunder for the
Republican party to handicap itself, at the
outset of the campaign, with a candidate whose
name is a synonym for discord . and defeat.
Such a candidate Js Henry T. Gage.
• * • .
Some surprise has been expressed at a pub
lished statement — since denied — that John ' D.
Spreckels had gone to Hawaii, where he would
be out of reach of the State courts. When you
come to think of it, however, this action would
not have been more remarkable than the fact
that Governor Gage should go down to the ob
scure hamlet of Wilmington to file a damage
suit against the San Francisco -newspaper man.
It is something like going up to the top of
Old Baldy to catch sea bass. . ._
1 ¦'. • * *
. The boasted economical streak of the Gov
ernor- of California does not apply when, he is
the complainant in a criminal action,' as it
would seem, and as the San Francisco Call
clearly points out. The expense to the"" State
of the action brought against The Call people
before a Justice' of the Peace in Wilmington
Township will amount to a very considerable
item. But. when there is an eruption on — t'll
with expense!
ONTARIO RECORD-OBSERVER:
Governor . Gage is anxious to succeed .himself
— a natural ambition; but "the people do not
want him, and if his nomination is forced upon
the party, the party will rue it. ' We give our
readers this week some comment from various
papers in the State that are opposed to see
ins the party saddled with Gage at the com
ing fall elections.
TTJLABE REGISTER:
It is very necessary for a political party to
have an organization and it is not a good thins
to down an organization in a convention merely
because it is an organization. It ought to be
downed when it deserves to be' downed, but
not otherwise, and it deserves to be when It
gets in behind unfit men and strives to put
them into offices they ought not to fill. The
Republican party organization Is supposed to
be, erroneously perhaps, behind the candidacy
of Henry T. Gage for Governor, and y so, that
organization deserves to be downed In the
primaries and resulting convention. On the
other hand, if the organization will get in be
hind the^ candidacy of soma good Republican,
some man worthy of the high office of Governor
of California, why. well and good. The. p«o
pl<* will support it and do it -willingly. It aU
depends on the man. and there are symptom*
which ;would seem to show that the party or
ganization 13 tending toward that conclusion
and that Henry T. will soon hear something
"drap." ¦f-'^'i.''— W--
VISALIA DELTA: .
The Delta's opposition to Gage Is not based
on personal grounds. "We are opposed to him
because he is a tool In the hands of Dan
Burns. He has removed without causa iom«
of the best officials the State has ever had.
He signed the infamous signature bill and.mada
California the laughing stock of the nation.
He vetoed the water and forest bill, a most
worthy measure. "We hare no use for Gag*.
L0DI HERALD:
The spirit of opposition which has sprun? uj>
like wildfire throughout the State to the can
didacy of Gage arises to a great extent from
the popular detestation of the methods by
which bosslsm is to crowd him down the
throats of the party. But tha people will not
indorse the man who fcaa found favor in the
eyes of Dan Burns. Thousands of Republican
voters refused to swallow Estee under similar
conditions. Gage's nomination would be even
more forcibly repudiated than was Estee'3.
0BOVILLE REGISTER:
: .'When the Republicans of Butte select dele
gates to the State convention this year, they
ought not and should not select delegates for
Gage. To do so. would be the greatest mistake
the Republicans of this county ever made.
The nomination of Henry T. Gage for Gov
ernor would be suicidal on the part of the
Republican party of California.
See to it that no Gage man is named as a
delegate.' ¦'. . •' "' ¦*' •
HOLLISTER ADVOCATE:
Quite a. number of counties have elected dele
gates, and wherever instructions have been
given, they are- enthusiastically for Flint. It is a
significant fact that up to date no mention has
been made of Gage, who seems to have dropped
out of sight in connection with the idea of re
election.
HTTMBOLDT STANDARD:
No man should be forced upon the ticket by
the bosses or the Burns machine. No man
should be selected as the Republican . standard
bearer 'Who win -not receive- the heatf tj '¦ sap-,
port of aU factions of the - party. . It is bad
politics to select a candidate that. a portion of
his own party will bitterly oppose. A great
number of Republicans bitterly oppose Gov
ernor Gage. It is not ; customary to nominate
even an acceptable Governor for a second term
In this State, where the term is four years,
and It would be folly to nominate any man
who created so 'many antagonisms ad Gover
nor Gage has done within the past. four years.
With a popular candidate, one who ean unite
the. party and receive the harmonious support
of all Republican papers and organizations,
California will elect a Republican Governor by
15.000 majority. Such a man can be found.
There are Edson, Flint, Pardee. Preston and
any number of "dark horses" who could carry
the State. One of these should be selected and
the Humboldt delegation should be elected, not
by the machine which Is dominated by Dan
Burns and stands for Gage, but by the people
who believe in taking charge of their own
votes and compelling the bosses to retire.
San Quentin Seandal and Kern County Bond Transaction
Arouse the Republicans of the State to the Necessity
of Repudiating the Governor as the Party Leader
GAGE AND HIS SATELLITES NEAR
END OE THEIR POLITICAL COURSE
His career is admonitory. The people of whom
he spoke followed sound money out of the party he
represented'and to-day his great issue is remembered
only as a passing convulsion. In a few years other
public issues now v being quarreled over will have
gone the same way. .
He was mistaken as to the temper of the people,
but when he uttered the sentence that is in
scribed on his monument, "I do speak for the great
masses of the Mississippi Valley when I say that we
will not submit to the domination of any party, how
ever much we may lo^e it, that lays the sacrificing
hand upon silver and will demonetize it," he was hon
est in the belief that he knew, what the people wanted.
He really survived the issue upon which his fame
depends. Free silver was dead before its great pro
ponent pjiSfed away. Many mourned him who re
joiced whtn his issue died, and his pathetic monu
ment, recording a' life that failed in its great purpose,
but succeede/i in one essential of manhood, in that
it was the fife of a plain and honest gentleman, will
be far from the least impressive of the many memori
als built by friendship and affection to perpetuate the
memory of American worthies.
Randall only lived up to liis lights as an astute pol
itician when he sent Bland into exile on an obscure
committee, but from a Democratic standpoint it
would have been better to have made him chairman
of trie Committee of Ways and Means and the leader
of the House, since he led it anyway. He could have
made - no other # use of his place at the head
b£ : the coinage committee, and he was not
equipped to make that use of it by any pro
found, knowledge . of finance, yet neither
friend ~ nor : foe ever suspected that he was
aught but honest and sincere in his advocacy of the
free eoinige of silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. The"
'isisue^was snatched from his hands in 1806 by Mr.
Bryan, and served, to thoroughly alarm, the country
arid defeat the' party that adopted it, but Mr. Bland
lived and died enjoying the confidence of the country
in vhis sincerity.
"It is said that, he 'spoke of this to Morrison, who
had no word of blame for Speaker Randall's way of
paying his political debts, but advised Mr. Bland to
study the career of Stephen A. Douglas after he was
demoted to the . Committee on Territories and pro
ceeded to repeal the Missouri compromise by his
Kansas-Nebraska bill and doctrine of squatter sov
ereignty. Bland took the hint, looked "into the coin T
age act 6f .1873, -discovered what the country had for
gotten, that it obsoleted the old silver dollar and
made a gold dollar the unit of value. Soon from far
down the line -where Randall had sent the honest and
energetic Missourian rose sounds of eruptive states
manship, and Mr. Bland equaled Douglas in the
space filled by the issue he created, and imitated
Douglas also in "destroying his. party with that issue
in 1896 as Douglas had destroyed it in i860.
It is probable that his selection of the silver ques
tion as a specialty in statesmanship was' more the
result of accident than of design. The death of Michael
C. Kerr, while holding the Speakership of the first
Democratic House that was elected after the Civil
War, drove the party into an unexpected contest for
the succession. The candidates were Morrison, Ran
dall and S. S. Cox, all, as far as the issue was then
developed, sound money men. Bland supported Mor
rison, but -Randall won. When the committees of the
House. were made up Bland was sent away back to
sit down at the head of one that met once, during a
session, that of coinage, weights and measures.
But there is no evidence "that he was ever, a student
of financial science. When a 'young man he lived in
Nevada several years, and at Virginia City held a
minor judicial office, fh which he acquitted himself
without reproach. While there he was in\contact
with the remarkable history of the Comstock, and
witnessed the output from that great lode of the
greatest volume and variety of the precious metals
that has ever been produced from one locality of
equal area. If he made any ventures in mining they
did not bring him wealth, and he finally returned to
his native State to give her more space in national
matters^fhan she. had enjoyed since the days of Ben
ton.
THERE is an element of pathos in the dedication
of a monument, to the late Hon. Richard P.
Bland by his neighbors in the Missouri dis
trict which he represented long and honestly in Con
gress. Bland was not a genius, but had good mental
capacity and fair training. He was; an honest man
and desired to benefit his fellows, bringing to that
work as a public man a feeling of fellowship with the
people and certain inflexible convictions as to their
interests which should be in the equipment of all pub
lic men.
BLAND'S MONUMENT.
Ifrom this time on we may expect the advocates, of
the annexation of the island to become more and more
outspoken and insistent. We are therefore alrrlost
certain to have a new Cuban question presented as an
issue of practical politics within a comparatively
short time. Ijt is worth while therefore for the Amer
ican people to form a well considered judgment upon
the subject before 'it becomes, involved in partisan
politics. We are having vexation enough in the.Phil
ippines. Do we wish a Cuban problem added to what
we have?
years T standing. For Cuba to ¦ find Tier full independ
ence as a State in the American Union would be the
richest legacy which could fall to her lot. American
objection to such an-'outcome rests in the lack of a
broad acquaintance with Cuba and the Cubans. It
rests, in an assumption that the Cuban population
consists of turbulent negroes controlled by more tur
bulent and unscrupulous politicians. Under a just
government and a fair measure of prosperity, no
more easily governed people are to be found in the
world."
THE/SAN FEA^CISGO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1902.
• It has been announced that a royal commission will
be appointed to institute a general inquiry into the
conduct of the South African, war;- so .the - trouble
isn't over yet by a good deal.
The project of a number Americans to erect in
the Philippines a statue to Rizal, the Filipino^patriot,
is curious, 'j, Probably some Spanish gentleman will
now unite. to 'erect beside it a monument to Aguih
aldo to make things even. \ . •
American "land boomers" who are handling the
lands of the Canadian northwest are said to be doing
a rushing business. A syndicate that bought
1,000,000 acres at $2 an acre recently sold 250,000
acres at $3 50 without trouble at one sale to an Amer
ican colony. • -
4
An additional cbarge of SO
centM to: pay expressnse ' Trill
lie required from ont. ot loir a
subscribers ordering by mall.
A car-load of Cook ' Book*
ban Jnst arrived from Clilensrn
and tliey are ready- for distri-
bution at the business onlet*
of this paper. All Call Bub-
scrloers are entitled to a copy
of tills treat , Cook Uouk .at
the premium price -of; fifty
cents.
TWENTIETH CENTURYCOOK BOOKS
U limU] ! ! \ LIAVIEGTOIK FOR T^E SUMMER.
frll *rnl»*cr ll»er« contemplating n. rhnnjse of
residence dnrSnir the inmmer months can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
¦ttfdreasen bf notifying: The Call Business Office.
This paper frill alao be oc aale at all summer
?r«ort« and is represented lir a local agent In
nil Totvnn un the coast.At a Northern horse fair recently an
Intending purchaser arrived rather late
In the day, when the choice was limited.
He noticed three animals huddled together
In a corner, so going up to the attendant
he said: "Trot out the middle one, mate."
"What," answered the attendant, "and
let t'other two fall down? Not if I know
It! "Wait till the boss comes. I'm takin'
no risks!"— Tit-Pits.
CALAIS, Trance, June 22.— The French
bark Due d'Aumale, which sailed from
London yesterday in command of Captain
Boju for San Francisco, was towed into
this port to-day leaking from a collision.
In which the vessel was considerably
damaged.
French Bark Towed Into Port.
One of the leading ship-building firms
has ordered from the United States steel
plates amounting to 20,000 tons.
Consul James Hoyle of Liverpool re
ports "large increases in the imports of
canned fruits from the United States.
The packing of green fruits has improved
notably, to the general satisfaction of the
trade in England. Since the process call
ed "chilling" beef has been adopted there
is practically no competition from other
countries in this trade.
The above remarks, Emery says, are
confirmed by the report of other consular
reports In England.
But despite all prejudices, continues the
Consul, and solely because of merit and
cheapness. American trade in every line
continues to develop. That It might dou
ble at a bound if our exporters would only
study and conform to the peculiarities
of British demand, still goes without re
peating. ¦ In hosiery, farm and gen
eral machinery, shelf hardware, oil stoves,
coal ranges, furniture' of all classes,
shoes, dress novelties, canned fruits, veg
etables, meats, etc., the volume of trade
grows gradually and surely. Leicester,
which a few years ago exported shoes to
a considerable extent, now not only does
not export, but uses a great deal of Amer
ican finished leather, while three-fourths
of the shoe machinery in use is either
American make or from American pat
terns and American shoes are successfully
retailed throughout the district. Our soda
fountains have made their appearance
this year and in almost every store Amer
ican wares are gradually and surely find
ing place.
Most noticeable, perhaps, of all prevail
ing trade conditions in England, says
Consul S. C. McFarland of Nottingham,
is the nervous antagonism against for
eign goods which has sprung up among
the British people. There has long been
prejudice against German products, but
the recent enormous growth of American
trade In all branches has forced itself on
the attention of British newspapers, man
ufacturers and the public generally. The
Brttish people are nothing if not loyal
and they inherit the belief that a Britisn
trade mark is a guarantee of quality.
There is a disinclination to purchase
American or German wares, unless by
reason of novelty of design or economy,
the latter appeal irresistibly. The retail
er, therefore, is chary in his offerings and
many lines of goods are now sold with
out comment which one or two years ago
were advertised as of "American make"
or "American style." The Diamond
Match Company parades its goods under
the old English name of Bryant & May;
the American Tobacco trust calls itself
the English Tobacco Company and adver
tises its goods as made in England by
British workmen; the "proprietary medi
cines which were first introduced as
American discoveries now blot from their
advertisements anything that might iden
tify them as importations from the Unit
ed States. With every internal ailment,
from the apparent effects of the South
African war to the idleness of labor in
certain localities attributed to American
competition, the prevailing prejudice can
be understood.
WASHINGTON, June 22.— Frederick
Emery, chief, of the Bureau of Foreign
Commerce, to-day made public the follow-,
Ing Interesting extract from "Commercial
Relations for 1901," showing the state ot
our trade relations with Great Britain:
Nervous Antagonism Against
Our Goods Is Becoming
Noticeable.
Consular Officers Write
of Trade Conditions
in England.
AMERICAN WARES
ARE IN DISFAVOR
"I just" found- out that he can : whistle
beautifully out of - one . corner of s his
mouth, and at the same time stuff Jam
into the other corner."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer.
"What is'hls'latest freak?"
"That boy of ours is a little too clever."
New cameras, new films, new plates,
new papers. Full lines of fresh goods. at
correct prices. *Also printing and devel
oping. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market.*
WTew Things in Cameras.
BOISE, Idaho, June 22.— The rush to the
Thunder Mountain gold fields grows daily.
Many sensational stories " come from the
trails. George Rogers quarreled with a
party he was piloting in and threatened
to kill them. He was bound while asleep,
disarmed and tied to a tree. The party
expected another outfit would be along
the next day, and liberate him. Mean
time they would be too. far ahead for him
to overtake them , before they reached
friends in the gold fields. The party be
hind did not reach the spot for two days,
however, and- Rogers was found half
dead. . He . threatened to kill all his f or-
and Leave Him on the Trail;
Party of -Miners Tie Him to a Tree
PUNISH TROUBLESOME GUIDE.
mer ' companions and was kept under
guard until a party of returning packers
were met.' He was turned over to them
with instructions to deliver- him and his
effects at the • first town and have him
placed under bonds to keep the peace.
"No, I haven't that honor," replied' the
Emperor. t
"Well, I -am the Shah of Persia," said
the peasant, and then he urged his old
horse to a trot, and the . Emperor got
such a shaking that he made no further,
attempt to converse with his imperial
brother the peasant. , !*\^ " ; . -
"And do you know who I am?"
Convinced that his companion was try
ing to play a joke on him, the peasant an
swered with superb indifference:
"Do you know who I am?" asked the
Emperor.
"Upon my faith, I haven't the least
Idea." answered the peasant. , t
"I am the Emperor of Austria," said
Francis Joseph. -
. Emperor Francis Joseph of Austria was
hunting recently, and at nightfall found
himself at a considerable distance from
the castle in which he was staying. He
was very- tired and was wondering how
he could get home, when suddenly a
peasant's wagon appeared. Halting the
driver, the Emperor asked if he might
ride, and the peasant bluntly told him to
get in. Then the following conversation
occurred: . '
Peasant's Joke on the Emperor.
"To me the. horse that won told the
whole story in the race against the diffi
culties of life. His owner is reported to
have sa.id it was only an ordinary ani
mal, trained-well and ridden well. What
a success our lives would be. if our pow
ers were as well disciplined and as well
guided." •'¦••.
"The racetrack is in bad repute. People
have been led to believe no one can wit
ness a race without gambling. Did the
70,000 people who passed the gates leave
their moral principles outside when they
went in? . Many would say 'yes.' I say
no such sweeping assertion is creditable.
The great majority of that crowd took
no part in the betting.,- They went there
because it was a great> dress parade;
others because the race was a great at
traction for them. ,' • •• , . ¦ • ¦
"I hope to see the day -when the harm
ful features of the race are eliminated
and the racetrack elevated to a plane
where everybody may be able to- enjoy
the sport. The race in itself is harmless.
Aside from the betting ring, he thought
the race innocent amusement and a les
son in the struggle of life. He prefaced
his remarks by saying he went to the
Derby to study a lesson. He added:
Rev. Johnson Henderson of Armour
Mission voiced these sentiments on the
big Derby race In his sermon to-night on
"Glimpses of Life as Represented at the
American Derby."
CHICAGO, June 22.— "I do not want to
commend a horse race, neither do I de
sire to denounce it. God knows there are
enough of people ready to denounce every
kind of sport. It is unsafe to prescribe
forms of amusement for some people. One
wants a game of ping-pong, another the
excitement of a race. Both may be car
ried- to such extent that they will be
come harmful. f It is a question of man
hood In any event."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOISE, Idaho, June 22. — According to
advices received to-day from Thunder
Mountain there have been some impor
tant- developments near the Dewey mine,
in the section where are located the-" Mam
moth and Rockford group of claims, and
where the most promising showing in the
district Is made. Development work has
demonstrated that the claims in that sec
tion "go down"; that is, the ledges im
prove in size and richness with depth.
As the formation is very similar over the
entire gold fields, the proving of this sec
tion is looked upon as assuring the con
tinuity'of the ledges throughout that im
mense area. The result is that many
who were backward about investing on
the former surface showing are now join
ing the rush. : Numerous strikes are re
ported all over the gold fields. Some of
the ledges have been uncovered a width
of more than 200 feet. They are on im
mense-porphyry dykes that in places jut
out of the mountain, thirty feet high.
Many of the miners now in the fields are
arranging to sluice the. decomposed sur
face, the existence of which first at
tracted attention to Thunder Mountain.
From this decomposed quartz the four
Caswell ¦ brothers last year washed out
$12,000 in eleven days' run. The 100-stamp
mill for the Dewey mine is ready to be
shipped • as soon as the wagon road ' is
completed. . ¦
Regular mail service from this city will
be inaugurated July. 1. The postofflce will
be established at Rosevllle. - The Post
master and a corps of clerks are now on
the ground. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Clergyman Says Horse
racing Is Innocent
Amusement.
Encouraging Advices Re
ceived From Thunder
Mountain.
FIND A LESSON
IN THE DERBY
NEW GOLD FIELDS
PROMISE RICHES
Mrs. Gertrude Atherton has departed
for the East after a pleasant visit here,
having taught many a lesson in self-ap
preclatlon. It has been repeatedly ob
served that whenever Mrs. Atherton ¦was
introduced as "the greatest literary
genius of our times" she took the mat
ter quite - seriously and bowed acqui
escence. In fact, no tribute less than this
would be acceptable to the lionized writer.
When less extravagant terms were used
or, perhaps, some venturesome females
laid claim to cleverness, this "greatest
literary genius of our times" would soon
rob them of her fair presence.
¦ • • •
Miss Genevieve Peters of Stockton, who
has lately been generously feted In this
city, belongs • to that rare number of so
ciety glr»s who have literary talent. Miss
Peters is already making strides In the
literary world, writing for the Smart Set
and other well-known journals. She prob
ably will go to ' Newport soon with Miss
Barbour, the Kentucky beauty. Before
doing so, however, she will come to San
Francisco. ¦ .
Miss Kathryn Robinson and Miss Etalka
Willior left for Howell Mountain this
morning.. I shall expect glowing tales of
their camping experiences.
SALLY SHARP.
STOCKTON TOUNG WOMAN
WHOSE LITERARY TALENT
HAS BEEN RECOGNIZED.
that weddings in San Francisco
for the next few weeks "will lack much.
Somehow no wedding seems quite com
plete without Mrs. Martin's smiling face
and good wishes. Next to the bride, Mrs.
Martin is the center of attraction at all
nuptials. She is always comfortably
seated and surrounded by a coterie of
solicitious friends. As she is every bit
as popular in the East, she is assured a
good time at her son's wedding. It is to
be a church affair, and the Archbishop
¦will officiate. -The recent death of Harry
Oelrichs will make the wedding a little
more quiet than was at first contemplated,
but it did not seem advisable to further
postpone the marriage of this long time
devoted couple. The Martins go East by
way of Oregon, where the son has busi
ness interests, and when this Is disposed
of they will proceed to Newport. It is
just possible that Mrs. Martin will go
to Europe before returning home in Oc
tober, but if she decides to remain in
Newport instead, San Francisco will see
her much earlier.
¦pv^rr RS. Eleanor Martin will leave to-
I 11 day with her son, Peter Martin,
I II who is about to wed Lily Oel
. A. 1L richs, and it is needless to say
that weddings in San Francisco
for the next few weeks "will lack much.
Somehow no wedding seems quite com
plete without Mrs. Martin's smiling face
and good wishes. Next to the bride, Mrs.
Martin is the center of. attraction at all
nuptials. She is always comfortably
seated and surrounded by a coterie of
solicitious friends. As she is every bit
as popular in the East, she is assured a
good time at her son's wedding. It is to
be a church affair, and the Archbishop
¦will officiate. -The recent death of Harry
Oelrichs will make the wedding a little
more quiet than was at first contemplated,
but it did not seem advisable to further
postpone the marriage of this long time
devoted couple. The Martins go East by
way of Oregon, where the son has busi
ness interests, and when this Is disposed
of they will proceed to Newport. It is
just possible that Mrs. Martin will go
to Europe before returning home in Oc
tober, but if she decides to remain in
Newport instead, San Francisco will see
her much earlier.
The opinion of the House leaders is that
this coming week will be the last full
week of the present session of Congress.
Although no resolution for a sine die ad
journment has yet been introduced, the
leaders generally fix the date of final ad
journments of Congress at July 3.
The Philippine civil government bill
will hold the boards in the House, except
as for such times as Is occupied in dis
posing of conference reports until Thurs
day and possibly until Friday.
Members generally are using It as a ve
hicle for political speeches to be circu
lated, in the coming, campaign, and its
passage by a Republican vote is assured.
The remainder of the week will be taken
up with conference reports on appropria
tion bills and other measures in dispute
between the two houses. As soon as the
recolution providing for the final adjourn
ment is adopted motions to suspend the
rules will be in order at any time, and
this will generally facilitate business
during the closing days of the session.
Senators generally do not count on an
extra session ' immediately in . case a
treaty should be sent In, but many of
them are inclined to believe that if the
treaty is completed the. Senate will be
called together in extraordinary session
for its consideration soon after the No-'
Vf.mber elections In order to ¦ get the
treaty out of the way if possible before
the ¦ beginning ¦ of the regular session In
December. Indeed It may be said that
this is the present programme «o far as
a programme has been outlined, though
its execution probably will depend some
what on the result of the elections and
whether they are considered favorable to
reciprocity or not. •• .
It is possible that the Cuban committee
will report the reciprocity bill before ad r
journment, but if it should do so, there
will be no effort to secure action on it
owing to the well known opposition of a
large part of the Senate.
The friends of the policy of reciprocity
are quite determined to bring the matter
up at tho next session and report what
they said in Friday's conference that they
•will not desist until they accomplish their
purpose. Whether in the end they will do
this through a bill or through a treaty
they do not now undertake to say. It is
generally understood about the Senate
that a reciprocity treaty with Cuba is well
under way, but it is not believed that
there will be any effort to ratify it dur
ing the present session, even if the doc
ument should be sent to the Senate. The
disposition in brief is to go to the coun
try on the question in the hope that
the cause will be strengthened thereby
and that at least some of the beet sugar
Republicans will be won over by next
December.
AWAIT NOVEMBER ELECTIONS.
Senators generally predjet that Con
gress will disperse between the first and
the Fourth of July. The session proba
bly will be extended somewhat by the
necessity of concluding - consideration' of
the "Philippine government bill, as all the
appropriation bills could be finally dis
posed . of during the present week. The
House, however, ¦will not pass on the
Philippine bill until the latter part of the
week and it is expected that it will be
necessary to devote considerable time in
conference to the differences between the
Senate and House. No Senator now
places the day of adjournment beyond
July 4. The conference between the two
houses on the inter-oceanic canal bill has
been arranged and it is expected that an
agreement will, be reached during the
present week.
The rest of the week will be given over
to conference reports on appropriation
bills and other measures in dispute be
tween the two Houses. The conference
report on the naval appropriation bill will
be submitted on Monday, and early con
sideration will be given the report. There
also will be an effort to have the dispute
over the army bill adjusted during the
week, with some prospect of success. . The
Committee on Appropriations will take up
the general deficiency bill to-morrow and
probably will report it the latter part of
the week. This is the last of the appro
priation bills, and with its disposal there
will be little in the way of final adjourn
ment of Congress. • j
CONFERENCE ON CANAL BILL.
Senator Penrose on Monday will report
the general immigration bill, and it is un
derstood that he will make strenuous ef
forts to have the measure considered dur
ing the weekt or at least before the final
adjournment of Congress.
On Tuesday the Senate will take up in
obedience to the wish of Senator Burton
the bill creating a national forest reserve
in the southern Appalachian Mountain
range, but the understanding is that con
sideration of the measure shall be con
fined to- one day's debase. Wednesday
Senator McCumber. will be heard in sup
port of the pure food bill, but considera
tion of this question under agreement will
be confined to a speech by the Senator,
and there will be no effort at that time
to pass the bill. Senator Stewart's bill
confirming the agreement with the Choc
taw and Chickasaw Indians is the. un
finished business, and it is understood to
be Stewart's purpose to press its consider
ation when there is no more highly privi
leged matter to be considered.
' Some interest is manifested in the notice
of Senator Quay that to-morrow he- will
call up his motion for the discharge of the
Committee on. Territories from further
consideration of the omnibus statehood
bill in order' to secure action on It during
the present session, but the understanding
now is that he will not press his motion,
and the question will go over until the
next session of Congress in obedience to
the wish of the Republican leaders.' Sen
ator Bate, however, has stated that if
Senator Quay does not press his motion,
ha (Bate) will move to have the commit
tee discharged and the bill taken up. This
motion would bring the question up, but
coming from the minority side of the
chamber, it would be predestined to de
feat, as it is understood there are very
few, if any, Republican Senators who will
support such a motion if made by a Dem
ocratic Senator.
NATIONAL FOREST RESERVE.
¦, WASHINGTON, June 22.— The session
of the Senate during the present week
will be devoted to odds and ends of legis
lation. It was the purpose of the Repub
lican steering committee to make the Cu
ban reciprocity bill the order of business
after the disposition of the inter-oceanic
canal bill, but the. two Republican • con
ferences have rendered it evident that
there could be no . reciprocity legislation
this session, so the steering committee has
abandoned its purpose. • .
Extraordinary . Session May
Be Called After Novem
ber Elections.
Senators Say Congress
Will Disperse Early
in July. £
DISCUSS DATE
OF ADJOURNMENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1902.
Fiance of Miss Lily Oelrichs Leaves To-Day With His
Mother for Newport— Gertrude Atherton, the Author, De
parts for the East — Miss Genevieve Peters Plans a Trip
PETER MARTIN'S WEDDING
SOON TO BE SOLEMNIZED
5
___. ¦ ¦:. . ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Is the baby happy and con-
tented? If not, send for a
sample of Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food is good for
babies of all ages because'
it adapts itself to the dif-
ferent conditions and re-
quirements. Mellin's Food
makes babies happy.
Send for our book, " Mellln'f Food Babies." You wiU find It iaterestiaj. - We will send It fit* !
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
AKETJSE2CENTS.
EVENINGS AT S SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
TO-NIGHT— Premier production this season of
the Most Popular of Comic Operas,
THE
IDOL'S EYE
"HOOT mON."
All the Good Tivoli People in the Cast.
NEW SCENERY AND EFFECTS.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c. 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
A VAUDEVILLE BREEZE!
Hallen and Fuller; Mr. and Mrs.
Waterous; Sisson and Stewart 1 ;
Dave Lewis; Eleanor Talk and Her
Chorus of 10 Pretty Girls; Bedini
and Arthur; Loris and Altina;
Swan and Bamberg, and the Bio-
graph.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; box seats
and opera chair*. 50c.
CENTRAlSE
Market Street, Near Eighth. Phone South 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
The Thrilling Melodrama which* Sensationalized
Greater New York, THE
ROAD'
XO RUIN.
A GREAT PLAY— A GREAT CAST.
I DirPQ Evenings 10c to 50a
lmVCO Matinees 10c. 15c 25c
. Next Week— "SINS OF THE NIGHT."
The Alcazar Is far too
1 | I fl email to accommodate "The
n I I r Zasta" throngs. Reserve
f* 111 your seats two weeks ahead
<aB __ a^__ If you desire a choice.
TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In David Belasco's Great Play
Beats now selling for MATIXEE FRIDAY,
JULY 4.
yUsLUlWI BIA LEADING THEATRE
Powell street, near Market.
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
MATINEES WEDNESDAY AND. SATURDAY
CHARLES FROHMAX Presents
Henry Miller, Margaret Anglin
And a Special Company, in Arthur W. Plnero'a
four-act comedy.
The Gay Lord Quex
After Its successful run of
4OO NIGHTS IN LONDON.
XOTE! — During the Miller- Anglin season the
matinees will commence at 2 o'clock sharp.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-Nlght and Every Evening This Week.
Joint Starring Engagement of
MAUDE FEAIST
EDWARD MORGAN
In an Elaborate Production of
The Two* Orphans.
The Greateet Melodrama Ever "Written.
POPULAR PRICES. 10c, 15c, 25c. 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
. ALL WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY.
£iISrjg-SAT. Thursday — 25c, 50c, [
Last Week of
MR. JAMES NEILL AND COMPANY
Presenting the Funny Farce,
"NIOBE. W
SEATS READY. s
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING.
MR. FREDERICK WARDE
And His Excellent Company of Players,
Presenting: on an Elaborate Scale.
"FRANCESCA DA RIMINI."
SEATS THURSDAY.
FlSCher'S Theater.
"WELL,"! THE
Tms dLastWeek
Now la Tour Last Chance to See
"FIDDLE DEE DEE."
la Spite of the Ores* Business, We "Will Put on
"POUSS.- GAF-E"
And the Great Triple Bill
NEXT MOXDAT NIGHT.
Seata on Sale Next Thursday.
The •whole town Is 'waiting to see the next
iroduction, so do not delay getting- your seats.
™< CHUTES !
KOOCRN VAUDEVILLE EVERY AFTERNOON
AND EVENING.
fWIN SISTERS MEREDITH: TWO LITTLE
PUCKS: WEBBER AND ELLIOTT: A. MAK
PRESTON: KELLT AND KENT: MURPHY
•AND SLATEH. AND NEW MOVING PIC-
TURES.
Dally and Nightly ! Don't Fall to See
ffardy Downing Loop the Loop
Vnd MME. SCHELL'S PERFORMING LIONS.
LdmUslon 10c Children 8c
\ Phone for Seats — Park 23.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing: frcm 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADM1SISON 10c. CHILDREN 5c.
Sathing Including admission 25c. Children, 20c
\A/. X. HESS,
KCTAET FUBLIo' AND AITOH.N'E JT-Ai'-I.AVr.
f rath Floor. Room 1015, Clau« Spreckela BIdg.
Telephone Main 883.
Residence, £21 California ct. below PovrelL
Residence Telephone. James 1501.
ADVERTISEMEgrT8.
1 Eyeglasses and Spectacles ft
jH Are supplied only of the , ¦
rc| finest quality, guaranteed H
h to fit and give perfect com- |R|
B PRICES MODERATE B
5j§ Taetory on premises. Phone Xain 10 . ¦¦
W64Z^L^kct^t^^
HT We. will send the marreloas French Bemedy
I ' v^^5*> CALTHOS
H /£\n c ti£\ FR11! k r »*"• ( ¦• c o. d. si> Tr—
IB fy m Ei n \ MripUaa 8«henw ) and a lesmlly «x>
8 WiS? A «aud gwmatse tl>« CALTHOS wUl
9 VtX'3l.'& X CTHD »Jse»«nres aad
HVrvL k ,i \ wlUr KmUsUbs,
a V uUllfc Varlcooele ud
H k^. A? ( DCQTflDC Lwt "
1 ncSTUnc, ti^r
B ' Use it and pay if satisfied.
m ' Address VON MOHL CO., 705 b,
HL Sole Aaeriiai Agents. CTN' CECTATI, O. __
• ijs ¦Mi _*i _ _ Bis *fls a Bon-polsonorw
y^^BUZa Tamady - for Gonorrhco*.
JB§2& CURES xfl Whites, ninttaril dii-
/BSfWl* 1 to 5 siyi. ¥j charf es, or aar lnfl»rami-
fflRf OaanBMed t» ** tion, irritatloa or nlcsra-
Ufv »_„,. M »u«i0B tioa et nieaii stem-*
V.B.X. jfixTxiT exprMS. prsp*i«, for
aa^SIk^ ti.oo, or » bonus, firs.
V^^SiKya Circular sent on request.
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
~ [ ~ ILlm'dl 1
Local MonA] Local Ov'rl'd
Daily Thurs | Dally Dally
LiV Son Fran 9:00 a 9:00 a 4:20 p 8:00 p
Ar Stockton. 12:10 p 11:45 a 7:18 p 11:13 p
•• Merced... 2:35p l:17p .. 1:30a
. " Fresno... 4:10 p 2:35 p 3:15a
" Hanford.. '6:68 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Vlsalla... 5:38 p 5:00a
" B'kersfd. 8:10 p 5:20 p ...... 7:33 a
" Kan City 2:31a 8:02 a
" Chicago. |2:15p|. 8:47p
a lor morning:, p for afternoon.
' 9:00 a. m. Dally la Bakersfleld Local,
stopping at all points In San Joaquin Val-
ley. Corresponding train arrives at 8 a. m.
daily. . ' :
0:00 a. m. Mondays and Thursdays Is th#
California Limited, carrying Palace Sleep-
ing Cars and Dining ¦ Cars through to Chi-
cago. Chair Car runs to Bakersfleld for
accommodation ot local first-class passen-
gers. No second-class tickets are honored
on this train. Corresponding 1 train arrives
at 11:10 p. m. Tuesday and Friday.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:00 a. m. daily..
8:00 p. m. Is the t>verland Express, with,
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding • train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
dally. • >
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. ' ' '
CALIFOHNIA NORTHWESTERN 81. CD
LjBSSEHS
SAM ffUNClSCJ AN<) NOHH PAC1F13
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tibaron Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAX FMtANCIseO TO 8AX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:80. 9:00, 11^00 a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30, 5:10, 0:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00 and 6:20 p. m. ¦ ¦' " i
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— « :06. 7:35, 7:50. 8:20, 11:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40, 5:00, 5:20 p. m. Satur-
days — Extra trips at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00 r 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1U0. 3:40,
4:85. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ¦ . . "
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco) May 4. 1002. |San Francisco
"Week I Sun- | ! Destln- • I 8un- I Week
Days. J days. | __ tlon. [ days. (Days. -
7:30 a 8:00a Ignaclo v 9:10a 8:40 a
3:80 p 0:30 a and 10:40 a 8:40 a
6:10 p 5:00 p Novato 6:05 p 6:20 p
7:35p
•7:30 a 8:00 a Petaluma 10:40 a 8:40 s
3:30 p 0:30 a ¦ and 6:05 p 10:20 a
5:10 p 5:00 p Santa Rosa 7:35 p 8:20 p
• • ' Fulton |
7:30 a - WlrTdsor 10:20 a
' 5:00 p Healdsburg 10:40 a
Lytton
Geyservllle
3:30 p S:00a Cloverdale 7:3Bpl.g:20p
7:30a| 8:00a| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p| Uklah | 7:35 p[ 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| WllllU | 7:35 pi 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Guernevtlle I 7:35 p|10:20 a
3:30 p| 5:00 p|. ¦ :¦ . |1O:4O a| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma I 9:10 a] 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7:3O'a| 8:00 ai Sebastopol 110:40 aS10:20 a
3 :30 Pf 5:00 pi ¦ | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wett I
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton I
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale '
for the Geysers and Boonevllle: at Hopland for
Duncan Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvlllc. j
Carlsbad. Springs, Soda- Bay, Lakeport and
Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs,
Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell
Lake, Witter Springs.- Upper Lake. Pomo. Pot-
ter Valley, John Day's Riverside/ Llerley'a
Bucknelfs, San Hedrin Heights, Hullville^ Orr's
Hot Springs,' Half-way House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, Hopkins, Mendocino. City, Fort Brags.
Westport; Usal; at Willlts for Sherwood. Cahto
Covelo. LaytonvlUe. Cummings. . Bell's Springs.
Harris, Olsen's, Dyer. Pepperwood.' Scotia and
Eureka. ? ' • . ! / . •
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re*
duced rates. • • : :;,'... . . ; ¦
On Sundays — Round-trip tickets to' all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.- - v • .- — •••¦¦-•
Ticket office, 650 Market St., Chronicle build-
in-. ¦¦' '
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
• Gen, Manager.' Gen. Pass. Agt.
RAXLW A Y TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
(M»1b Line, Foot of M»rfcct 8tr«tt )
I.kat» — ftOM Jpy» 22. 1903. — a»»itbJ
~ 7.00a Bantcla. Sulsua, Blmlra and 8*cr»-
niento 6-oSf
7.00 a Vacivllle, Winter*, Rumi«y 7.65?
7.30a. Mtrtlaei, Baa K»moa. Vallejo,
N»p». C»ll9to««, Santa Roia 8-25*
8-00*. Davit. Woodland. Knlgntt Laadla?
Maryivllle, Orortlle 7 55*
8.00a Atlantic Kipr««i— Ogden and Ea»t. 8.25a
8.00a Nile*, Lutbrop. Stockton 7.25?
8.00a Nllet. Mendot*. Hanford, Vlsalta.
Portervllle 1 4.65*
8.30a Shatta Ezpreaa— Davtt. Wmtama -
(tor Bartlett Sprlngt), Willow*,
Ked Bluff, Portland 7.687
8-30a Saa Jote, Llvermore. Stockton,
lone, Sacramento. PlacenrlUo,
MaryjTllle. Chlcu. Red Bluff 4.28*
8.30a Oakdile.Cbtnose,Sonor*,Tui>luiDne 4.25?
9.00a Vallejtf 12.2S*
8.00a Lot Angele* Exprest — Martinei,
Tracy, Lathrop.Stoclcton.Merced.
Kftyinond.Fre»noandLo»Angele» 8.25 a
9.30a VaUeJo.MartlnezandVraySt»ttont 7.65*
10.00a Hayward, Nilet and Way Sutlona.t12.6Sr
10.00 a The Orerlind Limited — Ogden,
Denver, Omaha, Chicago 5.25*
ti.OOr Sacramento Hirer Steamera. fii.00*
S.OOr Benlcla. Winters. Sacramento, i
- Woodland. William*, Willow •, ,*
Knight* Landing. Marytrllle,
Orovtlle 10 55a
3.30? Hayward, Nllet and Way Statlont.. 7.557
4.00J" Martlnez.San R*moa.V»lleJo,Xapa.
CalUtoga. Santa Roaa 9. 25a
4.00p Kllet, Llrermure, StocJcton, Lodt.. 12.25?
4 30p Hayward,Xllei,8anJote,LtTennoro t8.55A
4.30P The Owl Limited— Frnno, Tulare.
Bakerttteld. Saagat (or Santa
•'¦_-- Barbara, Loa Angelas 8.55a
S.OOf PortCosta.Traer.Lathrop,Stockton 10.25a
S.OOr Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, M«r-
ced, Raymond. Fresco 12-25?
B.30? Nilet Local 7.25a
G.OOr Hayward, Nile* and San Jose 7.55 a
S.OOp Vallejo 11.25a
6.00? Oriental Mall— Ogdea, Donrer,
Omaha, St. Lonlt, Chicago 425?
74)0? Ban Pablo, Port Costa, Martinez
- and Way Stations 11.25a
t7.00r Vallejo 7.55?
8.0Sr Oregon * California Expreia — Sac- . v. .
ramento, Marysrille, Redding,
Portland, Pu jet Sound and Ewt. 8-55*
ta.10r Hayward and Nile* tii-SS*.
COAST LINE (aarrow tiaosej.
(Foot of Market Street.)
;7.45a Santa Crux Kzcnrtloa :3C5>
8.15a Newark, Ceaterrille, San Jose,
FeUon, Boulder Creek, Santa
"Cruz and Way Stations.... 5.30?
t2-18r Kewark, Cent err llle. San Joae.
New Almades. Feltcra, Bouldnr
Creek, Santa Cms and Principal
Way Stationi...... 1050a
415? Kewark. San Josa, Lot Gatos t8.5QA
M.I 5? Ban Jose. Los Gatos. SaotaCrna... c8.50a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAM FK AN CISCO, Foot of Market 3k (Slip S)
— tT:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 5 00 5-15 r.sr.
From OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t8:C0 J3;C4
t»:03 10:00 a.m. 12-00 2-00 44)0 ?¦*.
COAST LI N E <Broa4 «a«,e).
'." (Third and Townsend Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Station* 8.3oV
+700a San Jose and Way stations 7.30?
/7X0a New Afcnaden.: /4.10y
t7.1SA Monterey Excursion J3.30.T
8.03a Coaat Line Limited — San Jos«,
- 61!roy,Holllster,Sallnat,SaaLaia
Obiapo, Santa Barbara, Loa Ants-
. ; lei and Principal Intermediate
Stationi 1045*
8.00a San Jose, Tret Plnos, Santa Croz. ¦ ¦ -
Pacific Orore, Salinas. San Luis
' ObMpo and Principal Intermedi-
ate Station" 4.10*
10.30a San Jote and Way Statlont 8-38a
11.30a San Jote, Loa Gatot and Way Stations 5.30?
a1.3Qp San Jose and Way Stations •••• <*7.00?
t2.00r San Jose and War Stations tS.OOA
t3.00r Del Monte Express— Only itopa Saa
¦ Jose t12J1*
330p San Mateo. Redwood, Palo Alto.
' Santa Clara, San Jote. Trea
. . Plnos. Santa Crnz. Saltnas. Del
Monte. Monterey and Faclfle .
Groye 18.43A
430? E»n Jose sod Principally Stationi 1.30?
tB-OO? San Jose. Lot Gatos and Principal I
Way Stations rS.OOA
5.30P SanJone and PrlnclpalWay Station* 10 CO*.
tS.15r San Mateo, Belmont. Redwood,
MenloPark, Palo Alto tfl.48A
6.30r Saa Jose and Way Stations B J8 a
7JJ0? Kew Orleans Express — San Lais
Oblspo, Santa Barbara. Los An-
reles. Demlne. El Paso, New
Orleans and East. 1015a
n11.45? Palo Alto and Way Stations ;? t9.4S>
«11.45? San Jose and Way Stations.... .... $9.45^
A for Morntig. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. t Snndar only.
a Saturday onlr. > e Monday only.
» Satnriiay and /Tuesday and Frtdar. -
Sunday on^ * Daily except Saturdayy.-
NORTH SHORE RAILROAD.
Via SannaHto Ferry, ¦
Comm«ncinsr April 27. 1902.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VAIXKX
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:45, ~1:4&, 8:45, 8:30. 11:00
a. m., 12:20, *1:45. 3:15, 4:13. 5:15. *6:IS.
6:45, 9:45, 11:45 p. m. 7:43 a. m. does sot
nin to Mill Valley.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. »»:00. *10:00. 11:00.
11-.3O a. m.. 12:30, »l:30, 2:30. *3: 45. 8:00. 6:00.
7:30,9:45.11:45P.m.
Tralnc marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL, TO 8AN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 3:20. 'S^O, 7:40. 8:15. *9:30,
11:00 a. m.. 12:25. 2:15, «3:30. 4:40. 5:30. 6:45.
10 SUNDAY»-6:00. "S^. 9:30. 11:00 a. in..
•12:00 m., 1:00, 2:15, *3:30. 4:15. *5:43. 6:43|
7-30, 10:15 P- m.
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentln.
VBOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:40. 6:40. 7:45. 8:25. 0:45.
11:10 a. m.. 12:35, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10, 5:20. 7:10.
10*15 o. n». ¦¦
SUNDAYS— 6:30. 7:55, 10:08. 11:10 a. «..
12:15. 1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 6:05, 7:15. 1»:4<I
p " m *. . THROUGH TRAINS.
7 : 15 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. 'i,"'\
8:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and war sta-
tions.
. 5:15 p. m. w«ek days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
8:00 i. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way iu.
tiona.
10:00 a. m. Sunday* — Point Reyea and way
stations.
Legal Holiday boats and trains will run on
Sunday time. •
ftOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry I Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
9-JOa. 8:00 a. mbtt ,. w rt 7» 12:15 *¦ f^A.
.....™ u:3o a. n , CMBFTU | tt .aj- 5 :5o P ;;:r.i:
.1.1..... 2:30 P. OfM'ita.jmrnoai. 8:15 P. .^»
SATU89ITS ULT-Lnn Ttren *:» r. vrta 8m Pra«rtM> 11:» r. "
TfakM OOcw. «t KAKXXT BT&XXT ul SAU3AUTO R*UIT.
WEEKL^CALL
$1 per Yeaiv
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good enough
Havana Filler
"FL0R0D0RA" BANDS an
ef same value as tags from
" STAR." " HORSE SHOE."
"SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NA VYS*
*' OLD PEACH & HONEY,"
•'SAW LOG." "OLE VARG1NY"
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
6
Do lor* a Desirable location,
iuluvw unsurpassed cuisine,
un equaled ser-
*ltli\ V1CC ?nd ( modern
uliU conveniences are the
attributes that, have
firiri/f made these two ho-
11 1 dll II tels popular with
tourists and . travel-
H/ifale ers who visit San
IlUlwlS Francisco.SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB HOUSE AT SAUSALITO AS IT AP
PEARED YESTERDAY DURING THE CARNIVAL OF AQUATIC
SPORTS AND BARGE CREWS CROSSING THE FINISHING LINE.
Jim Morley, manager of the Lot Angeles
ball team, departed for the East last eight In
search cf players to aid him in bringing* the
flag to Los Angeles. Morley is an energetic
cearcher and will no doubt return with a bunch
of stars that will surprise the fans.
Before leaving town Morley appointed Fred
Raj-mer, his star second baseman, captain of
the Angels. Raymer is a fast, brainy player
and under his guidance the Angels should 6how
much improvement.' Householder did not have
a fair chance to direct the movements of his
men from the outfield. . "*•
Householder, the star slugger of the league,
only got one hit during the entire week. He
will have to do som«. clever work with the bat
if he hopes to keep his lead over McCreedie,
who has been hitting at a .600 clip during the
past series. '
Hartwell has improved 100 per cent In his
work since last season. He used to be as wild
es the proverbial March hare, but now he has
not only developed control but also a change
of pace which worries the batsman.
Jackson Etruck his batting- gait yesterday
an<i walloped the ball for four hits in the two
games. The crowd has taken a liking to him
and always gives him the jubilant hand.
Old Ticks Parrott continues to slug * tha
TSOTES OP Triy, GAME.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohier. 2b ....5 0 3 0 1 10
Lohman, c 4 1 1 0 1 0 0
Streib, .lb 3 1 0 18 0 1
McCreedie, rf ., 8 . ,1 3.12 1 0
Devereaux, es 4 1 2 0 41 2
Dunleavy, 3b 4 0 1 0 ' 3 ' 2 1
Gorton, cf 2 00 0 10 0
Schmidt. If 4 0 0 0 4 0 0
Moskiman, p 2 0 .0 0 .0 I • • 0 ¦
Hodeon, p 1 0 0 0 0 10
••Cristall 1 1 10.000
Totals ......35 "5 11 ~2 24 "7
••Cristall batted for Hodson..
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Doyle. If 31 1 13*1 l
Houan, cf 4 110 11.0
Eagan, lb ....6 2 1 0 9 2 0
Unglaub, ss ..:.... 4 1 1 0 0 30
Sheehan. 3b 4 1 1 0 3 1 1
Hulen. 2b ..; 4 2 2 1 2 1 1
Graham, c '. . 8 0 0 0 4 1 0
Wagner, rf 3 0 114 0 0
Thomas, p '....3 0 0 0 0 8 1
Totals 33' 8 8 3*26 18 ~4
•Dunleavy out for interfering with catcher.
SACRAMENTO.
SACRAMENTO, June 22.— The Senators
played rings around the Clam Diggers,
giving an exhibition of scientific bunting,
fast team work and snappy base-running
that surprised the. natives. Thomas
pitched great ball, and but for, unfortu
nate errors by Doyle and Sheehan,' both
of which were bard chances, he would
have shut the Oaklands out with but six
scattered hits. McCreedie was the lucky
man in both instances. In the eighth in
ning he fouled a long one to Doyle, who
dropped it. He then lined a stiff single
over second base. In the ninth he fouled
to Sheehan, who dropped it. He then sin
gled to left field. Score:
SENATORS PLAY GOOD BALL.
Three-base hit— Holly. Two-base hits—Law
ler. McHale. Sacrifice hits— Parrott McHale
Lawler. First base on errors — Los Angeles l!
Ban Francisco 2. First base on called balls
Off Jones 1, off Whalen 2. Left on bases Lob
Angeles 6. San Francisco 8. Etruck out By
Jones 8, by Whalen 1. Hit by pitcher Del
mas, Ehugart. Double play — Jones to Hanlon.
Time cf game — 1 :45. Umpire — O'Connell
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- B.
Toman, 0. ¦ a 1 1 O 0 O 2
Le-wler. rf. 3 11 0 2 0 0
Jackson, If 4 0 2 111 0
Householder cf. .... 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
C. Reilly, 8b. 4 0 3 0 3 2 0
Raymer, 2b 4 0 0 0 3 1 0
Roach, c 4 O 0 1 0 0 0
Hanlon, lb. ........3 O 0 110 0 0
Jones, p 3 0 0 0.1 4 0
Totals .'....33 2v~T 1 27 ~8 ~2
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. B.
>.ordyke, lb. ., 4 0 0 O 10 0 0
Holly, s. a 4 0 1 08 2 0
Parrott, rf. 2 0 0 O- 10 0
Leahy, c 4 0 10 2 2 0
Bhay, Sb 4 0 0 0 2 2 1
Shugart. 2b 3 0 0 0 6 3 0
McHale, If 3 1 3 0 3 0 0
Delinae, cf ...3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Whalen, p 4 01 00.4 O
Totals 31 1 ~6 *0 27 14 ~1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0"2 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 1 0 1 1 2 0 1 . 1 7
Ban Francisco ....01 0 O 0.0 0 0 O^ 1
Ease hits 1 2 0 0 110 0 1 6
LOS ANGELES.
Chimmie der Whale, otherwise James
"Whalen, broke up the Ponies* winning
combination at Oakland yesterday morn
ing by presenting the Angela with their
Initial victory since arriving from the
balmy climes of the south. Chimmie did
not yield until after a gallant struggle
and the score shows the defeat was an
honorable one. ¦
honorable one.. The score:
ttOBNXNGr GAME.
sphere and field in rreat form. He hit' well
yesterday and caught a hard fly In tbe after
noon game -which saved the Ponies two runs.
Both Shay and Reilly played great ball
around third base. Shay made two errors out
of easy chances, but took all the hard ones
gracefully.
Harris began to get nervous when Kane de
veloped a generous streak in the fifth. He
took no chances in keeping him in the box. j
Although but nine trapshooters con
tested in the regular monthly live bird
shoot of the Golden Gate Gun Club yes
terday at the Ingleside traps, a number
of high scores were made. Murdock and
Sweeney each made straight scores, while
Haight and Nauman lost but one bird. In
the club shoot Murdock and Sweeney
won gold bars, while Nauman secured a
silver medal. Silver bars were also won
by Nauman and Murdock in the pool
shoot. Roos, who shot for pleasure in'
the pool event, made fifteen straight and
was awarded a gold bar. Murdock al
lowed his last bird in the pool race to
escape, and_thereby deprived himself .of
the honor of grassing thirty straight.
Pizani of the Union Gun Club shot as
a guest of the Golden Gate Club.
The ecores made in the club shoot were
as follows:
Haight 2 22*2221221212 2—14
Donohoe 11110011112112 1—13
Murdock 22121212211112 1—15
Sweeney 11112121211122 1—13
"Slade" 11111*21101101 1—12
Nauman 2 1212111222110 2 — 14
Pizani 21220122120011 1 — 12
Roos 21021220210102 2 — 11
Wands 2 1220012221111 1 — 13
In the fifteen-bird pool, the onTy pool
event of the day, there were but seven
entries. Nauman. Murdock and Sweeney
divided the money.
Fifteen-bird pool, entrance fee $5. .Scores:
Haight 112002211222 22 2 — 13
Sauman 01222111211122 1—14
Donohoe 12221022022121 2—13
Sweeney 21111110111112 1—14
Roos 2222111222 1 2 2 2 2—16
Piranl 010201 withdrawn
Murdock 21121211112111 0—14
(•) — Dead out of bounds. (2) — Second barrel.
At the of the pigeon shoot
Donohoe, Nauman, Haight, Edgar Fors
ter, Sweeney, Thora and Klevesahl did
some practicing at the bluerock traps.
Clarence Nauman and C. A. Haight,
two of the cleverest experts of the local
Clubs, will leave ; to-day for Oregon to
participate in the annual State tourna
ment.
Murdock and Sweeney
Miss One Bird. in Thir
ty at Inglesidd.
PIGEON-SHOOTERS
IN GREAT FORM
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO.^A. E.
ICordyke. lb 3 10 0 9 0 0
Holly. E£ 4 0 1 0 1 2 1
Parrott, rf 4 0 1 0 3 O 0
Leahy, c 3 10 12 3 0
Shay. £S 4 0 0 0 1 2 1
Ehusart, lib 2 1 0 0 8 6 1
McHaJe. li 4 0 0 0 2 10
Delmas, cf 3 0 1 0 4 ' 2 0
Kane, p 1 0 0 0 0 0 O
Glendon, p 2 0 0 0 0 0 1
Total! 30 3 3 1 27 15 4
LOS ANGELES. /
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Toman, ss 3 2 0 1 4 2 1
Laxvler. rf 4 2 3 0 1 O 0
Jackson, If 4 2 2 0 1 0 O
Householder, cf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 10 0 4 2
Raymer, 2b 3 0 2 1 2 8 1
Anderson, c 4 0 2 0 1 8 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 0 0 15 0 0
Hartwell. p 8 0 10 0 10
Totals" S3 6 11 2 27 18 4
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles 200030010—6
Base hits 21102103 1—11
San Francisco. ..02000001 0 — 3
Base bits 011000010—3
BTUIJIARY.
Two-base hits — Jackson. Delma*. Sacri
fice hit — Jackson. First base on errors — San
Francisco 3. Los Anreles 1. First base on
called balls— Off Kane 5, off Glendon 1. oft
Hartwell 3. Left on bases — San Francisco 3,
Lob Aneeles 6. Etruck out — By Glendon 1, by
Hartwell 2. Double plays — Shugart to Kor
dyke. Holly to Shusrart to Kordyke. Wild
pitch — Hartwell. Time of same 1 hour 40
mlnute«. Umpire — O'Connell.
Played. Won. Lost. Pet.
Oakland «> 41 19 -683
Los Armies 60 33 27 .650
San Franenco f* 29 .525
Sacramento 53 1* « -237
The Pony ball tossers completed their
week's laborious toil in a manner that
has inspired the fans. They have shown
by their work that they are there in the
run for the cloth. Although they fell
down yesterday in both little scraps with
Morley's Angels, they emerged from, the
series with four straight wins to their
credit and a corresponding Increase in
their percentage column. The morning
score was 2 to 1 and in the afternoon the
board read 6 to 3.
The struggle commenced much in favor
of the southern standard bearers. • To
man and Lawler. the first t?>- up, ac
cepted free tickets and Jackson sacrificed.
Reilly brought in the first pair of runs
with a clean single over third.
The Ponies were equal to the emergency
and followed suit. Shugart and Leahy
¦walked in the second and Delmas made
himself the most popular man In the
house when he walloped a line drive for
two bags which brought in the two run
ners.
From the second round on the Angels
•were the sure thing agents. In the fifth
Kane began to relapse into his old pas
time of walking men to first. Glendon
was substituted, but his offerings were
all kindly received. Lawler forced Hart
well at the plate on a single to left. Jack
son responded with a clean two-cushion
punch to center, which brought in two
runs. Jackson grot as far as third on
Shay's drop of Shugarfs throw to third
and he spiked the pan when Householder
flew out to center field.
After the fifth the Pony stable did not
figure in the running. They scored one
in the eighth, but that availed them
nothing. Many times did men reach the
bases, but the masterly pitching of Hart
well kept both runs and hits where Mor
ley liked to see them and the game was
practically ended as far as the result
counted.
Kane began the pitching for the Ponies,
but was wilder than usual and after pass
ing five men in four rounds Harris re
belled and ordered the lanky south shoot
er to the woodshed. Glendon was sub
stituted and was an improvement in con
trol only, for the Angels succeeded In
getting to him when the time was ripe
for a tally.
Hartv.ell showed up in superb form, ex
cept in the second, when he walked two
men and then allowed a two-bagger
which netted two runs. Jackson did I>a
joie stunts with the stick. Both Shugart
and Raymer starred around the second
pillow. The score:
ETAJTDING OF THE CLUBS.
Hartwell and Jones Pitch Too
Cleverly for the Home
Batsmen.
Play Good Ball and Take
Both Games From''
Ponies.
ANGELS DEVELOP
WINNING STREAK
HOMER BOY WINS
SPECIAL STAKE
Defeats Rural Artist, the
. Imported Dog, at
Union Park.
George Sharmxn's Little Sis
,terls Best in ReS9rve
v Stake.
Otto Zahl's greyhound Homer Boy. after
having narrow escapes from defeat in
courses with Roy Hughie In the second
round and with Vandal in the fourth
round of ' the special stake at Union
Coursing Park yesterday, won the all im
portant deciding course handily. In thia
he met Rural Artist, the English hound,
and shut him out pointless, the score be
ing 4 to 0.
. Palo Alto, the former champion, rur
nished the surprise of tne day. In the
second round of the special stake he met
Sir Pasha and was retired to his kennel
by the latter, the score being 12 to 6. His
supporters had such confidence in him
that they sent the son of Emin Pasha-
Bonnie Lass to the slips a 1 to 5 favorite.
He has not yet rounded into form after
the severe course he ran some weeks
since.
¦ George Sharman, who 13 winning tha
majority of the stakes at Los Angeles,
was well represented here yesterday by-
Little Sister. The latter met Yellow Tall
in the deciding course of the class re
serve stake and won all tne way.
The consolation stake was won by
Flying Fox. He defeated Santonin In the
deciding course. That the dogs were run
ning true to form is shown by the fact
that Flying Fox was put into the con
solation event owing to his defeat !n«
the first round of the special stake by
the winner of that event. In a like man
ner Santonin was there owing to his de
feat by Rural Artist, runner up to Homer
Boy. The results of the day's runnin*
in detail with Judge John Grace's official
scores follow: *~
Special stake— J. P. Thrift'9 Brutua beat C.
O. Peterson's Silver Cloud. 11-2; E. Geary**
Fenll heat J. Carroll's Cascade, 7-2; E. Geary 1
Roy Hughie beat J. Dempsey's Jingle Bells,
6-4; O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat A. R. Curtis'
Flying Fox, 3-O; T. J. Cronln'a Vandal beat V.
Jones' Wedgewood. 4-0; F. A. McComb'a Otto
beat F. Jonea' Tyrone Prince. 10-4: J. L. Rosa*
Game Boy beat E. Geary's Fannie Hughie, 8-4;
C O. Peterson's Haphazard beat ChlarinI
Bros/ Tame Tralee. 16-8; E. Geary's Palo Alt*
beat J. I# Ro3s* Fontenoy, 3-2; G. Sharman' a
Sir Pasha a bye, Dewdrop withdrawn; P.
Doyle-' a/Liberator a bye. Master Rocket with
drawn^ T. J. Cronin'a Tralee Boy beat Pasha
Kennels' Regal Attire, 4-1; E. Geary's Ireland
beat A. R. Curtis' Anchor. 15-7; E. Geary'*
Fair Oaks beat Yosemite Kennels' Mose. 10-2;
P M. Clarkson's Golden Garter beat E. Reddy's
Full Moon. 10-5; Pasha Kennel3' Rural Artist
beat Chlarini Bros.' Santonin. 7-2.
Second round — Brutua beat Fenli, 6-3; Homer
Boy beat Roy Hughie, 3-2; Vandal beat Otto,
4-1; Game Boy beat Haphazard, 15-10; Sir
Fasha beat Palo Alto, 12-6; Tralee Boy beat
Liberator. 4-2^_Ireland beat Golden Garter,
14-10; Rural ArtiHt beat Fair Oaks. 4-0.
Third round — Homer Boy beat Brutua, 4-0;
Vandal beat Game Boy. 5-1; Tralee Boy beat
Sir Pasha, 3-"2; Rural Artist beat Ireland, 4-0.
Fourth round — Homer Boy beat Vandal, 6-4;
Rural Artist beat Tralee Boy. 8-5.
Deciding course — Homer Boy beat Rural
Artist. 4-0.
Glass reserve stake — H. A. Talbot'a Jennie
No-yea beat J. Hurley's Sugar Cane, 8-4; I*
M. Connell's Black Coon beat C. O. Peterson's
Lady Nellie, 3-2; Pasha Kennels' Real Aris
tocrat beat J. Seggerson's Gold Hill, 4-3; T-
Sulllvan's Vagrant beat P. J. Horgan's Mag-,
nilla. 5-1; G. Sharman'9 Little Sister beat
Pasha Kennels' Rollicking Airs. 5-0; J_ Chaxl
ton's Cloudburst beat J. F. Rogers* Glacus.
7-4; Chiarini Bros.' Sempronius beat O. Prior's
Nellie Grey, 0-4; Pasha Kennels' May Hemp
stead beat Kelly & Hanky's Fearful Ship,
31-10; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat beat O. Zahl's
O'Hara, 7-4; P. C. Blick's Yellow Tall beat T.
Maher*a Piker. 4-2; T. Jolley's Toronto beat
A. McLeod's Pure Pearl. 4-0; P. M. Clark
son's Prompto beat A. R. Curtis' Miranda. 2-0.
Second round — Black Coon beat Jennie Noyes,
24-5; Real Aristocrat beat Vagrant, 10-1; Lit
tle Sister beat Cloudburst, 6-4; Sempronius, a
bye; Yellow Tall beat White Hat. 3-2; Toronto
beat Prompto, 5-4.
Third round — Black Coon beat Real Aristo
crat, 5-4; Little Sister beat Sempronius, 8-3;
Yellow Tall beat Toronto, 11-7.
Fourth round — Little Sister beat Black Coon.
6-4; Yellow Tail, a bye.
Deciding course — Little Sister beat Yellow
Tail, 10-2. ";-.
Consolation stake — Cascade beat Sliver Cloud,
5-3; Flying Fox beat Jingle Bells. 4-0; Wedtc*
wood beat Fannie Hughie, 6-2; Tyrone Princ«
beat Tame Tralee, 10-8; Fontenoy, a bye; Regal
Attire, a bye>; Mose beat Anchor. 17-3; San
•tonin beat Full Moon. 8-6.
Second round — Flying Fox beat Cascade, 8-2;
Wedgrewood beat Fontenoy,' T-4; Regal Attire,
a bye: Santonin, a bye. - . .
Third round — Flying Fox beat Wedgewood.
3-2; Santonin beat Regal Attire, 3-0.
Deciding course — Flyln» Fox beat Santonin.
11-1. .
Pasha Kennels have lost Wave. She Is
a white greyhound with brindle mark
ings about the head. It is supposed sha
is being detained somewhere, although a
reward has been offered for her return.
GERMAN* LADIES GIVE
AN OUTING AT FAIRFAX
teenth Annual Picnic in the
tfarin Hills.
Benevolent Society Holds Its Four-
The German Ladles* Benevolent Society
of San Francisco gave their fourteenth
annual picnic at Fairfax Park, near Saa
Rafael, yesterday.
There were games for t»-e young and
old, wheels of fortune, dancing and bowl
ing. The day was perfect, giving the pic
nickers a sample of life In the" country.
The officers of the society are: Mrs. M.
Barthal, president, and Mrs. A. Tapken,
vice president. The committees were:
Arrangements^ — Mrs. K. - Doerr, Mrs. 8.
Brooks. Mrs. K. Wysrel. Recestion — Mrs. H.
Paul. Mrs. M. Will, Mrs. Beureuthler. R. Wy
gel. Mr. Schairt*. Mr. Schwalser, Mrs. Boer
roer, Mrs. WJkenhauser, Mrs. O. Wiide, Mr?.
Heinz, Mrs. R. Suba and Mrs. V. Wrede.
The dancing floor was in charge of P.
Tapken, assisted by "W. Knoch.
Mile Race and Disaster Over
takes Them.
Fifty-Three Riders Start in a Tvo-
TffANY CYCLISTS COLLIDE
ON OVERCROWDED TRACK
NEWARK, N. J., June 22.— At the Valls
burg cycle^track to-day In the half-mile
amateur race M. L. Hurley established a
new world's record, making the distance
In 57 3-5 seconds. The old record wa3 53
seconds, made by Hurley last year. " '
The unusual number of fifty- three men
started in the two-mile consolation, and
there were many tumbles. Afc one point
a dozen riders went down and many
wheels were smashed. "While none of the
men were seriously injured Many wera
badly cut. Summary:
Half-mile, handicap, amateur — Won hv if
L. Hurley N. Y. A. C. (scratch); Teddy BiU
lington. N. T. A. C. (scratch) second Time
:57 3-5. (Worlds record.) T '
One mile, open, professional — Won by F L.
Kramer. East Orange: John Bedell. Lynn
brook, second. Time. 2:10. w»«*
Five-mile handicap, professional— Won bjf
Menus Bedell, Lynnbrook (300 yards)- R. \
m/SSVY""' 1 " (SC0 yards)> secon^' ""^
Consolation two miles, amateurs— Won by E.
Strander. Rochester: F. Ernest. Rochester, sec
ona. Time, l:_J 2-5.
Horseman Dillon Killed.
HELENA. Mont., June 22 % -Charle3 L.
Dillon, one of the best known sporting
men of -the Northwest, was killed to
night in a runaway accident while driv
trLv a r^nf trottln g horse- in from the
I.M 11 ?, 11 was 4 S years old and came
here from Deadwood many years ago.
An optimist Is a man who believe* that
all woman are angels and a pessimist ta a
S^Li W il° » b £ 1Ieves ¦ t«ey are the kind of
aaeels that b=*ve asbestos wins*.
YACHTING, SHOOTING, COURSING, BASEBALL ATTRACT SPORTSMEN
Equals the Season's Record Estab
lished at Oakland — Umpire John
stone Is Escorted Off Field. '
'NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. June 22. — The home team and the
Pittsburgs played a nineteen-! nnins game here
to-day, the former winning by a Score of 3 to
2. This equals the season's record fcr extra
Innings, made by the Oakland and the Sacra
mento teams of the California League. Thoy
played a nine teen-inn Ing; gam-; recently, which
was finally called on account of darkness with
the score 4 to 4.
The game was full of pYetty plays, remark
able catches and throws and, considering its
length, the errors were not many. Plttsburg
batted Taylor hard in tbe second and third, .but
could do nothing more with him. Chicago
bunched hits in the first and tied the score In
the ninth on a hit and two errors. From thon
on it was one, two, three and out on both sides.
In the nineteenth Kilns singled, stole second,
went to third on an error* and came home with
the winning run when Captain Lowe placed a
clean single in left. Attendance, 19,000. Score.
Chicago .1000000010000000001—3 4 8
Pitteburg OllOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO— 2 4 v r. 4
Batteries — Taylor and Kllng; Philllppl and
Smith. Umplre-TO'Day.
CINCINNATI. June 22.— Thlelman to-day
scored his sixth consecutive victory over St.
Louis. This is the first game the O'Neil
brothers have lost fur almost a month. At
tendance. ' 5000. Score :
"'-'*. \- . k. h. e.
Cincinnati 7 10. 0
St. Louis 2 8 2
Batteries — Thlelman and Peltz; J. O'Neil and
\V. O'Neil. Umpires— Brown and Powers.
'.i/v-r' AMERICAN LEAGUE.: v .
ST. LOUIS, June 22.— Mitchell was wild and
was driven from the slab in the third inning
after he had given three' successive bases on
balls. Hustincs, who reDlaced him, allowed but
fcur hits, but two of these were home run
drives into the bleacher* by Anderson and Mo-
Cormick. Attendance, 10,000. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 7 7"jV 1
Philadelphia 4 10 : 0
Batteries — Powell and Donahue; Hustings
Mitchell and Schreck.
DETROIT, June «22. — In a game full of ex
citement the Detroits again lost to Boston The
score might have been closer had not several
bad decision by Umpire Johnstone put the De
troit players up in the air in the latter part of
the game. Harley was put out of the game
in the fourth inning for kicking. This so In
censed the crowd that after the game they
made a rush for the umpire. The players of
both teams gathered around him and escorted
him "from the grounds in safety. Attendance.
Detroit 5 14',/Jiji
Boston 7 14 1
Batteries — Mulllns and McGulre; Prentlsa and
"Weaver. ¦'
CHICAGO, June 22.— Chicago lost two close
and well played games by errors at critical
times. Attendance. 16,000. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Chicago 2 5 '-'2
Baltimore 3 9 %
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan: McGinnltv
and Bresnahan. • . - ; -.-. < - *
Second game — R. H E
Chicago i a .;
Baltimore ... •. ... 2 7 3
Batteries— Garvin and Sullivan; Cronin and
Bresnahan. -
FORT WAYNE, Ind., June 22.— Cleveland
won In a game here from Washington to-day
that was uninteresting from start to flnUh
Attendance. 2500. Score: sh>
™ , * K - H - E.
Cleveland ; ;... 6 0 n
Washington ..47 5
and Beiils; Carrlck and
NrKETEEN"-nOIING GAME
IS PLAYED AT CHICAGO
The class singles tennis tournament
played on the Golden Gate Park courts
yesterday brought out by far the best
matches ever seen on the public courts.
The final match of the first class was the
best of the day and was stubbornly con
tested from start to finish. In this class
"William. Allen, the winner of the first
tournament, again carried off the honors.
His opponent in the finals was Harry
Routh, who played an excellent game.
The surprise of the day. was Routh's de
feat of Charles Dunlap, who won the last
tournament. Dunlap was not in good con
dition and lost' without a struggle- Th "
final match required the full five sets to
settle the question of supremacy. The
score, in Allen's favor, 8—10, 10—8,
6-1, 1—6, 6-3.
Of the thirty.; two entries in the second
class but five remain. They are Clarence
Griffin, G. Touchard, T. D. Black, J. B.
Adams and C. Foley. In the semi-finals
Griffin and Touchard will be opposed to
each other, and Foley will meet the win
ner of the Adams-Black match. Of these
five players Griffin and Touchard are
considered the strongest and will un
doubtedly furnish an interesting match.
Following is a summary of the tourna
ment:
First class, preliminary round — W. B. Lee
won from W. D. .Geary by default; H. K.
Routh won from T. W. Tetley by default.
First round — Will Allen won from L. R.
Thlerbault by default; G. K. Bates beat L«e,
6-1, V-'i: Routh won from J. A. Code by de
fault; Charles Dunlap won from M. Hotchkles
by default. ' ' _
Semi-final round — Allen beat Bates, $-4. 6-3;
Routh beat Dunlap. 6-2. 6-3.
Final — Allen won from Routh, 8-10, 10-8, 6-1.
1-6, 6-3.
Second class, first round— M. Baker won from
A. McFarland by default; L. D. Roberts won
from \V. F. Stapft by default; E. D. Flnnigan
won from G. F. Osborne by default; C. Grif
fln beat R. W.-'Turner, e-4, 6-2; H. Baer beat
H A. Turner, 6-3, 6-3; G. Touchard beat G.
A. Cummings, 6-2, 6-4; L. C. Bozart beafE. F.
Lielach, 2-6, 6-3, 6-5; G. James beat P. Martin,
6-2, 6-1; T. D. Black beat G. Eacret. 6-2, 6-2;
E. H. Clear won from A. Rosenstern by de
fault: J. B. Adams won from B. McFarland by
default; T. R. Scoon won from M. C. Camp
bell by default; A. Beyfuss won from K. Marr
by default; Frank Long won from L. W. Keiser
by default; C. C. Say re won from J. S. Smith
by default; C. Foley won from E. A. Averlll
by default.
Second round — Roberts beat Baker, 6-4, 6-4;
Griffin beat Finnigan. 6-5, 6-O; Touchard beat
Baer. 6-0, 6-0; James beat Bozart. 6-2, «-2;
Black beat Clear, 6-2, 6-1; Adams beat Scoon.
6-5, 6-0; Long won from Beyfuss by defualt;
Foley beat Sayre, 6-0, 6-2.
Third round— Griffin beat Roberts, 3-6, 6-2.
6-2; Touchard beat James. 6-2, 3-6, 6-4; Black
vs. Adams, to be played next Sunday; Foley
beat Long, 6-0, 6-2.
This makes the second victory for Al
len in the first class, and one more will
give him the cup permanently. Neither
of the cup winners in the second class
competed yesterday, and the trophy will
go to a new man.
Several of the California Tennis Club
cracks practiced on the San Rafael
courts. Frank Mitchell and Drummond
MacGavin turned the tables on W. B.
Collier and H. AW Crowell, who won the
doubles match last Sunday. MacGavin
and Mitchell won the return match, tak
ing three sets out of four. The score
was 6—2, 2—6, 6—3, 7—5. Sidney Salisbury
and Orville Pratt won two seta out of
three from Jack Hoffman and Grant
Smith, the score being 6—1, 7—5, 5—7.
Smith and Bradley "Wallace beat C. Shee
hey and A. Brown, 6 — 4. In an unfinished
singles match between Smith and Mac-
Gavin the honors went to the latter, the
score being 6—3, 4—6, 5—2.
The following matches were played on
the California Club courts: Frank String
ham beat George Whipple, 6—0, 6—0; 6—1;
Tv'hipple, with odds of "fifteen," tied
Stringham, 2—6, 6 — I; A. Worthington beat
W F. Bull, 6-4, 6-3, 6—2. 6-0, 6—1.
Routh's Defeat of Dunlap
Is the Surprise of
the Day.
For the Second Time
He Wins on the
Park Courts.
ALLEN VICTOR
IN TENNIS MATCH
A cinematograph for the blind lias been
invented by Dr. Dussand, a French phy
sician. The successive stages of the pict
ure are embossed on sheets of tin and
made to revolve rapidly between the fin
gers of the blind person..
To get one of your clocks— the pretty
golden ones that pleasd everybody. Also
gold candlesticks, candelabra and jewel
cases make fine wedding presents- and
prizes for, card. parties. ; Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. .» •
Now Is the Time
MacDonald Wins the German Derby.
HAMBURG, June 22.— The German Der
by was won to-day by A. Abellles' bay
colt MacDonald. ,,•:.-.,
TOPEKA, Kans.. June 22.— Harry Adon
is, who is trundling a wheelbarrow from
Michigan to San "Francisco on a wager
to ai rive' there next Christmas with $500
and a wife, secured \the wiJe here ' to
day. He married a Kansas woman.
Wins Part of His Wager.
• The Swedish-American Patriotic League
of California held its annual midsummer
outing at Shell Mound Park yesterday.
Guests v from all over the State to the
number of almost 5000' were in attend
ance. The festivities commenced early in
the morning and continued until well into
the evening. ¦ .
. Several bands were present and Swedish
and American patriotic airs were played
almost without cessation. throughout the
day. In the morning a Maypole . was
raised by the children, t President D.. Mo
lander delivered the oration for the oc-
Swedishr Americans Prom All Parts
•of the State Enjoy Annual
. Midsummer Festival.
HOLD PLEASANT OUTING
AT SHELL MOUND PARK
Handball players will * be pleased to
learn that Philip Casey, the retired cham
pion of the world, and James Dunne of
Brooklyn, N. Y. f will again visit this
coast. Both are wealthy men, and hav
ing warm personal .friends here, enjoy a
vacation trip to this coast. They are both
ex-Aldermen of Brooklyn and are politi
cians of influence in that city. They will
leave New York about July 12 and will
stop over at Denver for a few days. They
will remain here a month or more. A
number of exhibition games will be ar
ranged, and lovers of the old Irish game
will thus be afforded an opportunity of
again seeing the masters In action. The
local players are much better prepared
to meet them than heretofore. Fitzgerald,
the present world's champion, has been
here some time. Since the last visit of
the Eastern experts the standard of the
game has been raised. • .
Mr. Casey Is_one of the greatest ex
ponents of the game ever seen In this or
any other country. He is the retired un
defeated champion of the world, and at
the present time, although well along in
years, plays a marvelous game. When at
Iris best he played with all comers, and
¦ never once were his colors lowered. Mr.
Dunne is a good player.; With Casey for
a partner they have never been .beaten.
They have repeatedly crossed the Atlan
tic and participated in championship
games and were successful in every con
test. Mr. Dunne never became as pro
ficient at the game as was Casey, but
coupled as a team they were almost in
vincible.
Exponents of the Game, Will
Be Here Next Month.
Casey and Dunne, Popular Eastern
HANDBALL CHAMPIONS
WILL VISIT THIS COASr
Sacramento .....3 0 0 14 0 0 0 x — 8
Base hits 20 1 1 3 0 0 1 x— 8
Oakland 0 0 0 0 00 0 3 2—5
Base hits 1. 0 1 0 1 0 0 5 3—11
, SUMMARY.
Three-base hits — Eagan, Devereaux. Two
base hits — Mohier, Doyle. Sacrifice hits — Gor
ton, Wagner, Unglaub, Streib. First base on
errors — Sacramento 1. Oakland 2. First base
on called balls — Off Thomas 3. off Moskiman 4.
Left on bases — Sacramento 8, Oakland 10.
Struck out — By Thomaa 2. ; Hit" by pitcher —
Lohman, Doyle, Streib. Double plays — Graham
to Eagan to Sheehan; McCreedie to Lohman.
Time of game — Two hours and ten • minutes.
Umpire — McDonald.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Dr. T. , L». Hill of the sloop Queen per
formed the part of announcer. At 11:20
half . a dozen competitors in the swim
ming race leaped Into the water from
the deck of the yacht Alice C for a hun
dred-yard, contest, the finish being In
front of the clubhouse. E. Kltterman and
A. R. Haskins ' swam a splendid race,
the judges finding it impossible to say
which was first. They declared the result
a tie. - . . -•
A. Westwater, W. Mersfelder J.
Palisi then dived off the balcony, J. PalUl
receiving the prize for entering the water,
in the neatest*style. .-'.-
The next event was a race in the club
barges between crews of three with a
pair of sculls apiece and a cockswain.
The course was from the wharf in a
southerly .direction >to and around the
United States torpedo-boat destroyer Far
ragut and the schooner White Wings and
back to the finishing, line off the club
house. The crew, consisting of R. D. No
ble, bow; Emil Deirr, No. 2; R. S. Bridg
man, stroke, and John Marshall,-cocks
wain, pulled well together and defeated
a crew made up of Hirsch, bow; Ryan,
No. 2; A. C. Lee, stroke, and Schmidt,
cockswain. In the second heat a crew
consisting of A. R. Haskins, bow; E. Kit
terman. No. 2; Dr. T. L. Hill, stroke, and
H. C. Gingg,- cockswain, defeated a crew
THE veranda and the wharf of the
San Francisco Yacht Club house,
Sausalito, were thronged with
members and their friends yes
terday to witness an interesting
programme of aquatic sports.
Arrangements — D. Molander, P. Franklin,
A. F. Brandstedt, J. Okerblad. C. T. Peterson,
A. Olssort, G. Peterson, M. Freeman, C. Ram
berg. • Reception— O. Lundln, A. L. Anderson,
O. Pearson. C. P. Franklin, J. Hagberg, C.
Armstrong, N. V. Lundahl. Decoration — A. E.
Lledstrom, K. E.. Hansen, Axel Ongman Mrs
A. Olsson, C. T. Peterson. Tableaux — Mrs. a.
Anderson, Mies Hulda Bordin, Miss A. Sten
bergr. Finance — G. Petterson, Carl Pearson, O.
Grureel. - *-»
casion. His remarks were greeted with
great enthusiasm. A very pretty feature
of the affair was the dances by young
men and ladles- In Swedish costume. In
the evening . there were fireworks and
tableaux. The usual athletic contests and
dancing also afforded amusement for
many. . A good deal of money was real
ized from the outing and will be used
in benevolent work.; The success of the
affair is due to the following committees:
After • the sports many of the yachts
took large parties out for a cruise round
Alcatraz Island, where a good stiff breeze
was encountered. Frank Bartlett's yawl
Spray and the sloops Emma and Aeolus
of the Corinthian Yacht Club were
cruising off .Sausalito during the day.
The schooner Lurline 'and the yawl Tra
montana were also under way. ¦ .
A- duck hunt, in which two barge crews
pursued one man in a email skiff, excit
ed much amusement, the human duck
being compelled on several occasions to
take to the water to elude capture. In
the blindfold yawl race • two oarsmen,
with bandages over their . eyes, were
directed by lady cockswains. Six crews
competed, the winners being Van Tassel
and Palisi, with Miss Dawson cockswain.
White and Punnett. with Mrs. Claussen
cockswain, taking eecoi.d place. The canoe
race brought out three craft— Coquette,
the yawl Rita and an unnamed canoe
with fan sails, the canoe being the same
as in the preliminary heats of the barge
race. Coquette, sailed by A. F. Cham
bers, won easily, the unnamed craft be
ing second and the yawl third. The sports
were enjoyed by - the many spectators,
the affair being declared one of the most
interesting and successful ever given, by
the club. The race between yachts' yawls
was won by the crew of- the Violet.
made up of J. M. Punnett, bow; H. H.
Jenness, No. 2; G. T. S. White, stroke,
and A. F. Chambers, cockswain," by three
lengths. In' the final heat, which was
over a shorter course, from the wharf to
and around the Farragut and back, R.
S. Bridgman's crew, with J. D. Noble No.
2 and Emil Dein bow, beat Dr. Hill's
crew.
Swimming^ High Diving, Rowing, Greasy Pole, Duck Hunt,
Canoe and Blindfolded Race in Yawls Afford Great Sport
for Amateur Tars and Friends at San Francisco Club House
SAUSALITO YACHTING MEN
ENTERTAIN MANY GUESTS
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club,
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club and the
Red Men's Schuetzen Company held their
regular monthly contests yesterday at
Shell Mound rifle ranges. The attendance
was light. Most of the marksmen at
tended the funeral of Captain John Bolts,
who waa one of the best shots on the
coast. He was for many years president
of the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein.
The weather was favorable for shooting
and the scores in general were much
above the average. The contests resulted
as follows:
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
medal shoot, rifle, handicap — C. M. Henderson,
236, 221, 220; W. F. Blasse, 226; M. F. Blasse,
216, 211, 210, 207; H. Hlnkel. 214. Gold medal
— W. F. Blasse, 208, 200, 203; G. Tammeyer,
210, 213. 210, 206. 211, 207. Glindermann
trophy — C. M. Henderson, 220; M. F. Blasse,
210.
Pistol handicap— F. S. Washburn, 04, 89 •„ J.
Kullmann, 81, 79. Revolver handicap — L. C.
Hlnkel, 92, 00, 00, S9. 93, 89; J. E. Gorman, 91;
J. R. Trego, 86. 87; J. "W. Tompkins, 85, 72, 69;
P. A. Becker, 88, 89.
Rapid tire revolver match, six shots in thirty
seconds — F. S. "Washburn, 50, 49, 38; J. E.
Gorman. 49, 46, 45,, 45, 37, 36; L. C. Hinkel,
48 47, 44. 43, 43; S Carr. 42, 42, 37, 35; P. A.
Becker. 47, 45, 88, 36.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal shoot—First champion class, second
champion class and second class,' not won; first
class, D. Salfleld 434; third class, O. von Bos
stel 358; fourth class, F. Rathjens 259; best
first shot, F. C. Rust 25; best last shot, D.
Salfleld 25.
Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, William Dres
sier 362; first class, H. Soehlmann 362; second
class, H. Schult 368; third class, John Stelner
304; fourth class, H. Cortsen 212; best first
ehot.J. A; Mohr 22; best laat shot, J. Stelner
22.
¦ Red Men's Schuetzen Company, monthly
bullseye shoot — John Feldermann, 289; i H.
Soehlmann, 365; Captain H. Grleb, 460; Herman
Schult, 907; William Dressier, 938. Felder
mann wins the year's contest for the Captain
Slebe ,medal. . .
Three Club3 Hold Their
*;.'¦• Usual Monthly
Contests. .
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1902.
6Approximately 250.000 cases of Tasman
ian supplies will, during the next three
months, be shipped from Hobart for tho
English market. Last year the total ship
ments were 12,000 cases less. These ship
ments will be made in sixteen large ocean
going steamers.
He Showed Fla Star.
One of the "characters" of Chicago 13
Inspector Mox Heidelmicr of the police
force. "Mox," or the "Burgomaster," as
he is called, is a stocky little Luxem
burger, in charge of the "Nord Selt."
where so many of his fellow countrymen
live. '¦*;•..
Not long ago he had occasion to use a
telephone at a public pay station. He
told central that he wanted the East
Chicago Avenue police station, giving tho
number. The answer came back:
"Drop in a dime, please."
"Vot's dot?" said the inspector.
"Put in a tsn-cent«piece."
"Dot's a yoke, ain'd id? I put no
money in; I'm on tie bolice force."
"That makes no difference."
"Oh. don'd id? Mer^>e you don'd know
who I vas. I'm Inspector Mox Heidel
mier. I'll show you my shtar— see!" and
the inspector proudly held up to the tel
ephone his silver star.— New York Times.
OAKLAND, June 22.— Mrs. Elizabeth
Ausinder, wife of a San Lorenzo fruit
grower, died last night at her residence
in San Lorenzo from an illness of a week
which she did not think serious enough
to demand a physician's attention. Tho
Coroner will hold an inquest Tuesday
morning at Haywards.
Dies Without a Physician.
¦ California.
BERKELEY, June 22.— Word has been
received by Professor E. W. Hilgard, dean
of the college of agriculture at the Uni
versity of California, that Professor El
wood Mead and Professor J. M. Wilson
of the department of irrigation are at
Fresno, preparing to conduct the opera
tions of the United States engineers for
draining the seepage lands of that dis
trict.
The recent appropriation of Congress of
$€5,000 for irrigation investigations
throughout the United States made possi
ble the much needed ' surveys to drain
what is known as the alkali seepage
lands In the Fresno district. The engi
neers under Professor Mead will lay out
contour lines only, leaving the wdrk of
canal construction to the State Govern
ment.
Auspices of University of
Important Work to Be Done Under
TO DRAIN SEEPAGE
LAND ABOUT FRESNO
So vicious were the liquor laden passen- /
gers that before Pecoto, the first station
west of Niles, was reached the railroad
officers were overpowered, Butler having
been hit over the head with a bottle. At
Decoto a telephone message was sent to
Oakland police headquarters for asslst
atce. In response Detective Kyte, Po
licemen Stahl and Scanlan met the picnic
train at Broadway and First street. But
ler pointed out the fighters. There waa
a renewal of the battle when the Oakland
contingent of bluecoats essayed to make
some arrests.
John O'Brien, a shoemaker of San
Francisco, who had tried to lay Butler
low with the bottle, objected to going
with Detective Kyte. It required the us«
of a strongly planted left hook on
O'Brien's jaw to convince him that ae
was going. He was charged with assault
with a deadly weapon.
Joseph Smith, another San Francisco
shoemaker, was gathered in for striking
Butler with his fists. A charge of bat
tery was placed against him at the City
Prison. Charles Powers, a ship fitter, and
Thomas Roe, a boiler-maker, both aiso
from San Francisco, gave their moral
support to the battle against the police
men by numerous loudly proclaimed
oaths. Disturbing the peace was tho
charge filed against them.
Butler emerged from the melee with a
black eye and scratched face." He said
the crowd started as soon as the train
left the park to fight and smash.
Too much picnic whisky at the outing
of the Independent Rifles of San Fran
cisco at Fernbrook Park, Niles Canyon,
caused a hot battle to-night on the re
turn trip between Railroad Policeman J.
A. Butler* and half a dozen intoxicated
picnickers. The fight resulted in tha
calling out of a squad of Oakland police
men to assist in quelling the disturbance,
which continued at top speed from Niles
into Oakland. Here four of the belliger
ents were arrested after more fighting
and cast into jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
*.- 1113 Broadway, June 22.
Oakland Bluecoats Respond
to a Call and Quell
Disturbance.
L'quor-Laden Picnicker
Starts Small Riot
on Train.
STRIKES OFFICER
WITH A BOTTLE
"No darkened house, no durable coffin,
no special mourning attire, no bricked
grave, no unnecessary show, no avoidable
expense and no unusual eating and drink
ing." <Such are a few of the advantages
offered to members of the British Funeral
Reformers' Association.
If domestic life has Its cares and re
sponsibilities—and what life has not?— it
also has its sweetness and Its consola
tions, its joys and its benefits, that are
lnflrijWly superior to anything that can
possibly be obtained in hotels or flats.—
Ladies' Home Journal, ,
"What's the matter, Henrietta! You
haven't gotten all through with the peo
ple of this earth, have you?" — Washing-
"Won't it be splendid when we can talk
to the people, on Mars!" exclaimed Mr
Meekton's wife.
Mr. Meekton roused himself from his
semi-doze and exclaimed: •
Two Young Women Killed by Train.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 23.— Miss Helen
Stratton and Miss Emma Ramstcad -were
Instantly killed by a North,en Pacific pas
ser.gcr train at O'Brien, thirteen miles
Bouth of Seattle, last evening and James
Miller was so seriously injured that he
died three hours later. The three, with
Benjamin O. Winkler, were in a buggy
crossing the rails when the train came
upon them -'i~u: .
"You're a stranger to me," said the
prominent politician whom the shabby
genteel person had accosted on the steps
of the Capitol at Washington, "and I
hardly feel like lending you money with
out some kind of security. Have you any
thing to put up?" . • .
"Nothing, sir, but my handshake," re
plied the shabby genteel person, tendering
it at the proper elevation with great dig
nity.— ChlcagQjTribune. •
OAKLAND, June 22.— Amateur boxing
exhibitions will; be resumed by the Reli
ance Athleti^ Club on the evening of June
24, when tho first of these entertainments
programmed since the club abandoned
professionalism will be given. The offi
cials of the Pacific Athletic Association
and the Olympic Club are manifesting
much Interest in the programme, which is
exceptionally good. There . will be six
four-round contests. .-.'.v-.P-
The : main number will be between
George Peterson, Olympic Club, and Jim
my Ryan, at 138 pounds. Other matches
are as follows: Joe. Carroll vs. Charles
Weber, at 110 pounds; Jim Kane vs. Lew
Powell, ; at 118 pounds: . George Ellis vs.
Jack ' Cord ell, at 128 . pounds ; James Gar
vinvs. Al Whiteman, at 135 pounds; Jerry
Kenny vs. Billy Smith, at 135 pounds.
Six Four-Round ' Contests, Which
Harks Abandonment of
. Professionalism. •
A man named Johnson was a candidate
for a Consulship, and the Iowa delegation
was backing him for the place. A va
cancy was"finlly found to which the Pres
ident promised to appoint the candidate.
Thereupon, Mr. Johnson went to the State
Department to undergo the usual exami
nation as to his fitness. He had no trou
ble until he reached the sixth' question:
"How many Hessians came to this coun
try to fight the English?"
Johnson didn't know, but he did not
propose to be left entirely. . This is what
he wrote for an answer:
"A great many more than ever went
back."— Washington Post
Some of Them Stayed Here.
AMATEUR" NIGHT. AT tJz&M
THE RELIANCE CLUB
NEW YORK, June 23.— A 16-inch gun,
the largest in the world, will be com
pleted at Watervliet arsenal by Wednes
day and sent to the United States Gov
ernment proving- grounds at Sandy Hook.
Its operations are expected to astonish
the world. It is the most powerful
weapon yet devised by man, and is ex
pected to revolutionize the art of gun
making. The work upon this gun has been
going on /or years. Monster cranes have
been constructed in order that the vari
ous parts of the record-beaking gun may
be conveniently shifted.
Big Gun Is Finished.
BERKELEY, June 22.— The fir3t of a
series of bulletins on botanical subjects
.was published by the University of Cal
if ernla to-day. The bulletin is on **A
Botanical Survey of San Jacinto Moun
tain," by Harvey M. Hall, M. S. '02.
First Botany Bulletin Published.
The military medal of France has just
been conferred upon some half-dozen-wo
men. Foremost among these is Mile.
Dodu, the woman who through her
knowledge of telegraphy was enabled to
tap the wires worked by the Prussians
and' so obtained valuable information for
the use of the French general.
Mme. Renon, by profession a painter,
won the medal when in the war of 1870
she 'devoted herself to her countrymen
as an army nurserand in the perform
ance of such duties was wounded dur
ing an engagement.
Mme. Laurin, who wears five medals,
actually fought as o soldier In the ranks
of the Third Regiment of Zouaves and
was taken prisoner and then escaped.
War Medals ror Women.
Henry T. Senger, associate professor of
German, has departed for a year of study
and literary work in Germany. The suc
cess of his recerft translation of "Undine"
resulted in a .flattering offer from a Chi
cago firm of publishers for a like study
in : germanics. He will begin his new
book at Marburg University.
Professor John Lauson, head of the ge
ology department, has In view an extend
ed geological trip through Yosemite
and King River canyon. .-.'„>
Professor John Fryenj head of the : de
partment of Oriental languages, left for
China directly after the closing' of the col
lege term on May 12. He will spen'd- the
summer in his official residence at Peking,
which the Chinese Government has deeded
to him in perpetuity as a reward for his
services to the Emperor. During his pres
ent trip, Professor Fryer will make a I
special effort to reconcile the Emperor to
the sweeping changes demanded by the*
popular party in Southern China.
Professor Charles M.Gayley, the head
of the English department, will continue
his literary work this summer as editor
in-chief of the Representative English
Comedies, a series of volumes upon which
he has been working for the past four
years. The Macmillan Company will
bring out the first volume In the fall.
BERKELEY, June. 22.-Many of the
prominent professors and heads of depart
ments at the University of California
have embraced the opportunity to devote
the summer vacation to individual re
search in the special lines of study to
which they devote themselves during the
college term. With the closing of the col
lege year a general exodus of the faculty
to the East, to Europe and the Orient has
followed. ¦ ... ¦
DALLAS. Tex.. June 23.— At 2:05 this
(Monday) morning the center section of
the St James Hotel, located at Main and
Murphy streets, collapsed without warn
ing and thirteen men were carried down
with the debris without a single fatality.
For a few minutes after the crash It was
thought several lives had been loot, but
by quick work firemen and policemen res
cued all those who had not escaped
through their own efforts.
The escape of those who were taken
from the debris was marvelous, as there
were tons of brick, mortar and woodwork
piled in above where they were found.
Three men -who were on the third floor
are thought to be the most seriously in
jured. They are:
J. Fife fell from, third floor to the
ground badly lacerated and suffering
from shock; J. F. Hoffman, serious cut in
leg and suffering from shock; J. Ross,
thought to be Injured Internally. Others
injured, but not seriously, axe:
James Nolan, official scorer of the Texas
LeagTie in Dallas and veil known in Gal
veston and New Orleans ; Bert WIndrey,
hurt about shoulders and head; F. M.
Shasche, bruised slightly about legs; H.
F. Jenkins, hurt about head; N. H. Dil
lon, one leg slightly injured.
W. H. Fletcher, manager of the St
James Hotel, his wife and two daughters
escaped unharmed.
The Sherman lodging-house,, which is
next door to the St. James, also fell, but
all the guests escaped. The proprietor, a
man named McDonald, escaped with a
severe scsJp wound. ¦?. .• '¦''
The wholly inadequate police force was
first exploited by Marshal Kerns at a re
cent meeting of the Town Board. At pres
ent one Marshal and four deputies have
to cover an area half as large as that of
Oakland. ' The f ruitlessness : of their en
deavors Is shown try the increasing num
ber of hold-ups and house-breaking cases
during the last year.
Relative to this matter Lyman Al
len, president of the Board of Trade,
said:
"There are many towns in the State of
the size of Berkeley which have a regu
larly uniformed police force. That we
have none is a matter of general concern
to the residents of this town. I feel that
that Improvement is Imperative." •
The recently established system of fire
alarms, while generally deemed a step In
the right direction, does not meet the de
mands of Berkeley property owners. R.
C. Staats, secretary of the Board of
Trade, is very positive In his belief that a
paid fire department is necessary!
"If we want to have lower rates of in
surance and consequently more business
here in Berkeley," said he, "we must have
a more i adequate lire department As it
is, when we have any kind of a fire we
have to bring engines out from Oakland
to handle it The trouble is that the large
property owners, who most need the serv
ices of an efficient fire department, are
just the people who do not want to see
the taxes raised for the purpose of pay-
Ing for this improvement" -
F. L. Naylor. president of the First Na
tional Bank, had this to say of the pro
posed improvements:
"It is certain that an adequate police
force and fire department are indispensa
ble to the increasing needs of Berkeley.
The trouble is that Berkeley is rapidly
becoming a city, but that its inhabitants
won't recognize it as anything- more than
a town and don't care to pay for much
needed improvements." , :?'+.'. .-
BERKELEY. June 22.— Many of the
prominent business men of the town, to
gether with the Board of Trade, are en
deavoring to put in motion movements
looking toward improvements in the town
commensurate with its ever-increasing
population. The reorganization and ex
nftnslon of the police force and th'e sup
planting of the present volunteer fire de
partment by a paid department adequate
to the needs of the rapidly growing town
are the two reforms toward which action
i.s now being agitated.
St. James Hotel in Dal
las Collapses at
Night.
College Instructors Pur
sue Special Research
Abroad.
Better Police Force and
Fire Department
Desired.
SUMMER SPENT
IN HARD STUDY
BERKELEY NEEDS
IMPROVEMENTS
Mr. Kennan and Professor Heilprin,
both of whom, on June 1, ascended to
Mont Pelee's crater, would not talk for
publication. M. de Meguiel, who went
tor the French Chamber of Commerce
with 2200 francs for the sufferers, said
that business on the island was demora
lized. Italian Consul Parravicino " said
he came to New York on business, and
would also go ! to Philadelphia.
"My little daughter," he said, "was in
a /convent near St. Pierre at the time of
the eruption, and I found her body cfter
a long search." ¦ ¦ -> , .
The ship brought three survivors of the
Roraima. They are Italians. They were
at work on the bridge when the eruption
occurred and say that all they saw. was
a sudden burst of name. As soon as they
found that the ship was on tire they start
ed to build a raft, but gave this up and
jumped overboard. After that, they say,
they remembered nothing until they re
gained consciousness on tne French cruis
er Suchet. •
George Kennan, traveler and author,
who has been in Martinique on literary
work, and Professor Angelo Heilprm,
who went there for the Philadelphia Geo
graphical Society, arrived here on the
x<'ontabella of the Quebec Steamship Com
pany to-day. Nicola E. Parravicino, the
Italian Consul at Barbadoes, who lose a
little daughter at St. Pierre; Henry C.
Medeuil, who is in charge of the Frencn
West Indies department of a mercantile
house and whose brother and sister were
killed in the eruption, also arrived from
at Lucia. :•./.
"I received the supplies that came from
this country," said he, "and handed them
over to others. I had to consider that
my jurisdiction ended when I had done
that and that I was then, officially speak
ing, to close my eyes. I don't want to
say ' anything about it I have got to
make a report at Washington. This is the
subject that has called me here, but I
don't wish to go into it"
NEW YORK, June 22.— Louis H. Ayme.
United States Consul at Guadeloupe and
official agent for receiving relief supplies
at Martinique, arrived here to-day. He
hinted at making in Washington an ex
posure of the manner In which relief funds
and supplies had been handled by the
authorities in the volcano devastated
islands. %j5;i fil*"''
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The railroads appear to be reaping the
benefits of improvements and economies
ard unless ¦ the general business of the
country declines operators look for bet
ter times for the remainder of this year.
BERLIN, June 22.— Transactions on the
Boerse have grown so light that opera
tors are agitating for shorter ¦. hours;
some demand that the Boerse close at 2
o'clock in the afternoon, while others ask
that It be closed two or three days a week
through the months of July and August.
Domestic government securities were
quiet last week, but quotations are main
tained. Among the foreign government
securities Russian four per cents enjoyed
the preference.
Domestic rails were so sluggish that on
seme days they were not quoted. Caha
dian Pacifies now enjoy greater favor
with Berlin buyers. Shares of the Ham
burg-American and North- German Lloyd
lines weakened on reports of a. poorer
freight market, and Hamburg ana Bre
men sold shares of both companies in
Berlin. These shares have now lost al
most all their recent .advance, which re
sulted from the publication of the con
facts made by the German steamship
companies with the Atlantic shipping
combines. . •
'Ihere were hardly any transactions in
Lank stocks here 1 last week. Industrials
of all classes were weak, orders for iron
losing from 2 to 4 points.
Operators In Berlin continue to discuss
the probable effect of the American coal
strike upon the German iron situation,
and many of them argue that- the strike
must result in . increased ¦ American buy
ing in Germany, as supplies in the Unit
ed States diminish. The nbundance 1 of
money conlinues unabated and rates are
oasy. It is not believed that the semi
annual settlement will cause any marked
effect , on ' money market values.
LONDON, June 22.— Nothing occurred
on the Stock Exchange during the last
week to encourage a .rise. On the con
trary, the market sagged somewhat un
der the big outstanding bull account
American shares were the exception, how
ever, and almost all American securities
improved. This improvement did not ap
ply to United States steel common,
which was down slightly. The approach
ing coronation and the shortest settle
ment period in the history of the Stock
Exchange have tended to reduce business
to a minimum and no one expects any
activity until after the coronation. It is
an interesting question whether or not
business will increase then, but the crit
ics generally express the belief that it
will. A large amount of dividend money
will be released next July and this money
will seek reinvestment.
Consul Ayme Hints at
Scandal on Volcano
- Islands.
Looks for Activity on
'Change After the
Coronation.
The members of the Sierra Club, numbering
125 ladles and gentlemen, will leave to-morrow,
for Kings River canyon. They are going in a
special car and ¦ will ! be absent three or four
weeks. In the party will be Mr. and Mrs. J.
N Le Cor.te. Dr. Vlda Redington, Miss Lena
Redlngton, Miss Bertha Knox. Victor' Hender
son Professor I. Flags and Duncan McDuffee.
A farewell tea was given by Mrs. C. R.
Chidsen last I Thursday In honor of Mrs. E.
Vlckers-Charon, who will leave shortly to take
up her residence in England.
- A ping-pong party was given by Miss Bertha
Young last Tuesday, her sister, Mrs. Joseph
Louis Howard, being the guest of honor. The
prize was carried off by Miss Bessie Palmer.
About twenty guests enjoyed the afternoon.
The Mystic Mandolin Club was entertained
last week by Mr. and Mrs. Charles Elder.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs. C.
G Forester, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Elder, Mr.
and Mrs. A. Victor. Mrs. Burling, Miss Dalsle
Falconer, Miss Elizabeth Stevens. Miss Agnes
C. Allen Miss Alice Sharp, Miss Mae Allen,
M. J. Silver, D. Stocking, ¦ P. J. Allen. Dr.
Schultyze, George R. Burllngr, G. W. PaWrson.
One of the prettiest wedd'ngs of the week
was that of Miss Alice Sohst and Harry E. El
fen which took place on the evening of the
18th at Trinity Episcopal Church. Rev. John
Bakewell officiated. ¦ /-'
. After the church ceremony an elaborate wed
ding suppec was served at the home of the
brldo's father, J. P. W. Sohst. Mr. and Mrs.
El fen are both well known In this city and
have a large circle of friends. They have
not yet returned from their wedding Journey.
Miss Isabella Richards was the hostess re
cently at a pleasant dance and party at the
Hotel Touralne. The dining-room was taste
fully decorated with palms and other potted
plants and dancing was enjoyed until "a late
hour. About seventy-five guests were present
and those who did not care to dance engaged In
whist or ping-pong in the parlors. Light re
freshments were served during the evening.
Mrs. Richards was assisted in her duties as
hostess by Mrs. H. G. Morrow, Misses May and
Maud Myer, Miss Lucile Webster and Miss
Winifred Downey.
OAKLAND,' June 22.— The marriage of Miss
Bettie Lefkovitz and David Bercovich was sol
emnized to-day at the family residence in East
Oakland. Tho wedding- was a very qutet af
fair, owing to a recent bereavement.
IN OAKLAND SOCIETY.
RELIEF SUPPLIES
POORLY HANDLED
OAKLAND, June 22.— By forcing/a rear
door last night at Gabella & Qb.'a sa
loon, 864 Broadway, burglars gained en
trance and stole $g from the cash reg
ister.
Burglars Enter a Saloon.
SOME OF THE MEN WHO
MADE THE ELKS' FAIR A
SUCCESS.
Conrad Kirschner Held Up at Ninth
and Folsom Streets and Relieved
of Valuables.
While on his way home last night Con
rad Kirschner was attacked by two-foot
pads at the corner of Ninth and Folsom
streets. He was knocked down and re
lieved of a gold watch, three gold rings
and $15 in coin. After completing the rob
bery thevfootpads made their escape. The
hold-up was reported to the police, and
Officer Ed Owens was detailed to run
down the robbers. Kirschnef was not
severely Injured.
KNOCKED DOWN AND
BOBBED BY FOOTPADS
on the Republican ticket, being elected by
a large vote. He had served fourteen
months of his two years' term when he
died. The vacancy caused by Councilman
Bon's death will be filled by Mayor Bar
stow by appointment.
Mr. Bon was a member of San Fran
cisco Lodge No. 3, Benevolent Protective
Order of Elks., The surviving family con
sists of a wife. Mrs. Marie I. Bon. and
.two young daughters, Helene and Claire.
The funeral will be held Tuesday morn-
Ing at 10 o'clock from the Church of the
Sacred Heart, Fortieth street, near
Grove. The honorary pall bearers will
be A. Wolf, Joseph Ghlrardelli, E. M.
Hall Jr., D. McMillan, George P. Morrow
and Thomas J. McCann.
LATE CITY COUNCILMAN OF
OAKLAND WHO PASSED
AWAY YESTERDAY.
FALLING WALLS
INJURE GUESTS
OAKLAND, June 22.— To-day was a
day of congratulation, figures and
charity among the Elks of Oak
land. The congratulation was
among the members of the order
because of the successful ending of the
street fair and carnival. The figures
were those being made by Director Gen
eral Schlueter and his corps of assistants.
The charity came when a meeting vas
held of the various committees and Di
rector General Schlueter was authorized
to announce to all charitable organiza
tions that the Elks would make no
charge for concessions conducted by them
and that the various organizations would
be allowed to retain their gross receipts.
This is an important matter to the
Young Women's Christian Association,
West Oakland Home. Fabiola Hospital,
Emeryville Free Kindergarten and New
Century Club, for it means that these
organizations will be given every cent
they collected during the carnival. These
societies agreed to pay Into the
treasury of the Elks' carnival committee
10 per cent of their receipts. This money
was to be applied upon the construction
of the booths, lights and similar expenses
which the Elks had to pay, and it was
estimated that this percentage would just
about pay what these items would cost.
The ladies were highly pleased, however,
when they learned of the action taken by
the Elks.
LIVE TTP TO PRINCIPLES.
When Director General Max Schlueter
met his assistants and commltteemen to.
day and they figured upon the splendid
success of the carnival it was the unani
mous opinion of those present that one
of the cardinal principles of the Elks or
der should be fully lived up to in this
case, and that the ladles who conducted
booths should be permitted to keep their
entire receipts and whatever expenses
were incurred by the Elks for building
and lighting should be paid from the gen
eral carnival fund. Director General
Schlueter was authorized to announce to
the ladies that no settlement of any kind
would be expected from them and laat
.their percentage would be donated by the
Elks lodge. This means that about $300
in cash is donated to five charities by the
. This action is in line with the original
standard set by the Elks for their car
nival. They decided that the gates should
remain closed on Sunday; that no liquors
should be sold on the grounds, though $100
a day was offered for a bar concession;
that no slot machines should be permitted,
though big percentages were offered for
the privilege, and as a result there was
NO DRINKENQ ALLOWED.
"We have made a success of the car
nival," said Director General Schlueter,
"and we want to be just as liberal as
possible. The Elks were organized for
charity, and it is a very great pleasure
for us to be able to- help some of the
charitable organizations of the town. The
Elks will expect nothing from the ladles
at all and they will be permitted to re
tain their gross receipts."
Elks, ranging in amounts from $25 to the
Emeryville Free Kindergarten to about
$75 to the Toung Women's Christian As
sociation.
It was announced to-night that the win
ner of the horse and buggy at the guess-
Ing contest booth was L. A. Swift of Oak
land. The number of shot and walnuts in
the jar prepared for the guessing was 15,
393. and Mr. Swift guessed 15,400.
J. C. Hanna, chairman of the ticket
committee, is preparing a tabular state
ment of the receipts showing the exact
amount of business done by each con
cession, the returns from the gate, and
from every feature of the carnival. Mr
Hanna originated a system of keeping
the accounts between the Elks and tho
concessioners that saved 'the Elks much
money. It put a complete check on the
various concessions, and to his work i«
attributed not a little of the financial suc
cess of the fair.
Not a little of the success of the event
was due to the excellent musical pro
grammes that were offered. I The music
committee determined to make this a fea
ture and succeeded. This was one of the
big items of expense, $1500 being spent for
melody. Joseph Callaghan, who Is a mem
ber of Oakland Lodge, undertook the or
ganization of a complete band and suc
ceeded in a way that pleased even the
most fastidious members of the music
committee.
It is probable that the fair directly and
indirectly set in circulation and motion
$100,000 in money, which was spent inside
and outside of the' grounds for lighting,
decorations, in restaurants and among the
merchants of Oakland^ These are the fig
ures which have caused congratulation
among the Elks of Oakland.
MUSIC WAS EXCELLENT.
not a drunken person in the premises and
not a disturbance occurred.
The largest day during the week was
the closing day, when 30,328 people paid
to pass through the gates. It' is estimated
that 25,000 of these were present- in the
evening, and more than 5000 of these came
from San Francisco. The . next largest
day was "Woodman day," on Thursday,
when more than 20,000 people paid to pass
the gates. Elks' night, on Monday, had
slightly less than 20,000 paid admissions.
¦ The paid attendance during the week
was 132,997. The ElksTiave on hand about
$27,000 in cash and their profits will be be
tween $12,000 and $15,000.^It will be a week
or more before the exact figures are
known. These profits will be applied upon
the furnishing of the new Elks' Hall,
which is about to be erected. It is esti
mated that visitors from San Francisco
and surrounding cities left as much
money in Oakland as was taken out by
the concessions at the fair.
LONDON EXPECTS
BETTER PRICES
/ f^. AKLAND, June 22.— After an ill
/|\,\V ness of two months, which be
ll II .came serious ten days ago. City
.^L^X Councilman ¦¦ Charles A. Bon." a
prominent vineyardist, died at
9:45 this morning at bis residence, 3693
Telegraph avenue. •
Councilman Bon's condition became
critical during the last forty-eight hours.
Although his physician, Dr. O. D. Hainlln',
did not give up hope until near the end;
he could offer little encouragement to the
patient's relatives and friends. Death was
due to a complication of troubles, started
from ah attack of jaundice. Mr. Bon
had apparently been Improving until ten
days ago, when he was stricken on the
street with a severe hemorrhage. Friend3
hastened the sufferer home In a carriage
and from that time he began to fail.
Councilman Bon was born July 29, 1864,
or nearly thirty-eight years ago, in San
Francisco. His father, the late Jean B.
Bon; was one of the earliest pioneers of
California, and for many years was a
leading importer of European wares and
products. At the age of 5 years, the boy
with his family came to Oakland, which
was his home continuously until his
death. Mr.' Bon was educated' in the
public schools of Oakland, : and was a
graduate of .the University of California.
After his . graduation he became asso
ciated with the importing firm of Carpen
tier & Co. ¦ of San Francisco. .Utter he
had' the management of his father's es
tate. His connection with the firm of
Chauche & Bon, proprietors of the Mont
Rouge vineyards at Livermore, began
about seven years ago, after the demise
of A. ; G. Chauche, who married Bon's
sister on his deathbed. Mr.- Bon became
the active manager of the vineyards and
conducted the business with his sister as
a co-partner, v The Mont Rouge product,
both red and' white wines, is among the
leading brands in this State.
The deceased vineyardist never took an
active interest in Oakland politics until
the last municipal campaign, when he
was nominated as a Councilman-at-large
Mrs. Somers is in a very precarious con
dition and it is doubtful if she will be
able to identify any of her assailants:
In order to stifle her screams they filled
her mouth with sand, , which nearly
strangled her. The police hope to cap
ture the other members of the gang to
day. • ¦ .- . . •'¦¦¦';;¦ .. •". '.
When the outrage was reported at po
lice headquarters several * officers were
detailed on the case.
Wheii Police Officer Sullivan arrived on
tfie scene the ruffians left their victim,
who was too weak to rise from the side
walk, and fled. Sullivan gave chase and
captured a young hoodlum named Richard
Tobin. H6 was taken to the Southern
Station, but denied that he was impli
cated in the outrage.
At the time of the attack, Mrs. Somers',
who is the wife of George Somers, a junk
dealer, was on her way home. She en
countered the gang of hoodlums when
she had almost reached her own door.
They seized her and despite her screams
dragged her into a vacant lot.
Mrs. George Somers, a middle-aged Ger
man woman, was brutally assaulted last
nightly a gang of about ten ¦ ruffians
near her home on Dore street, near Bry
ant. The woman was: subjected to the
most brutal: and revolting treatment, and
when Police Officer Patrick; Sullivan, at
tracted by the scuffle, ran to her rescue,
he found her almost dead from fright' and
from the beating she had received.- V
:'•'¦,' ¦¦¦¦¦¦- " .'¦ ¦ ¦'. •'-.'V^'. ;- ¦ .. ; .
Crowd of i Ruffians Attack : Her, Drag
Her. to "Vacant Lot and Sub
ject Her. to Revolting .
¦- . : Indignities. : ,
Mrs. George Somers the
Victim of 'Brutal";^
Assail- and Hideously
Abuse Middle- Ag«d
Woman.
YOUNG THUGS
PERPETRATE
FOUL CRIME
THE SAN FEANQISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1902.
Charles A. Bon, Prominent; as a Vineyardist, Dies After an
Illness of Two Months, Severe Hemonhage Being the
Cause of His Taking Off— Funeral Will Be Held Tuesday
OAKLAND COUNCI LMAN
PASSES TO LAST REST
Various Fair Committees Meet and Authorize Director General
Schlueter to Announce That No Charge Would Be Made for
Concessions Conducted by Several Benevolent Organizations
CHARITIES OF OAKLAND RICHER
THROUGH GENEROSITY OF ELKS
7
A cnr-lonil of Call Superior
Atlasen h«n anlved and they
are now ready for distribu-
tion. All subscribers "to The
Call are entitled. to a. copy of
(kla treat Uoolc at the prem-
ium rate of $1 5U. Onta(
town subscribers dcslrJns m
copy of till* splendid prem-
ium will' be supplied on re«
ceipt of $1 GO. All mall
order* will be tthlpped by ex-
pros at BUbacrlber'a .exyeiut.
CRAM'S SUPERIOR ATLAS.
y^LL Havana Filler
•• FLORODORA " BANDS an
of , same value e.s tags from
"STAR." "HORSESHOE,"
"SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NA Vf."
f.ZOLD PEACH & HONEY" {
"SAW LOG." "OLE VARCINY"
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
JS m __,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, jJUNE 23, 1902.
8
'BAN FRANCISCO CAM*
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner «f Market and Third streets; open
entll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
815 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m-
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
CStil B p. in.
108 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery
No. 16 K. T., C25 Sutter st.— Special TST*
assembly THIS EVENING, at 8 £31
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fraiers
are courteously invited. •
R. B MOORE. Em. Com.
THEO FROLICH. ' Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. L ¦
Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS J%^
EVENING. M. M. degree. 7W\
H. G. PRINCE, Sec /V*
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260, F. •
aad A. M.. 1839 Fillmore st Second
aegreT THIS EVENING at 7:30 jQ>
o'clock. HARRY BAEHR. Sec r^r\
MASTER Mariners' Benevolent *As- Kf^^n
sociation — Special meeting will • be BW^'^Z
held at hall. 320 Post st, MON- 5135-^
DAY. June 23, at 12 m. sharp. All
members are requested to be present for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our de-
ceased brother. AUGUST J. GERDAU, from
his late residence, 2614 Howard st, at 1
t> m. By order of the president.
v ' L. TRAUNG. Rec Sec
GRAND PEACE CELEBRATION. Coronation
day Thursday. June 26, at 8 p. m.. Metro-
politan Hall. San Francisco, H. B. M. Con-
eul General presiding. A splendid programme
of patriotic vocal and instrumental music
and ehort speeches by prominent citizens.
General admission, 50c; reserved, 75c. Tickets
en sale at British Consulate. 506 Battery st.;
Thames and Mersey Insurance, 305 Califor-
nia- Pacific States Loan Ass'n, 410 Pine St.;
British Califernian office. 403 Emma Spreck-
e!s bldg.; Palms Restaurant. 783 Market;
Dr d' Evelyn, Phelan bldg.; J. J. Newbegin,
Flood bldg.; Mrs. Atkinson, 427 Kearny st
In aid of the Homes Reconstruction Fund
(South Africa.).
AGENTS WANTED.
iAGENTS wanted to sell the Torchon Lace
Loom for making any style lace; the rage in
London; can make from $10 to $15 per week.
36 Metropole, 6 Turk st
ALLADIO CREAM CHEESE.
A DAINTY dinner delicacy made of pure cream;
easily digested; a dinner however plain is
made more enjoyable by its use; sold. by the
leading grocers, delicatessen stores and mar-
kets. cr P. ALLADIO. mfr.. 1206 Sutter st
t - I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
R W. KING, atty.. Examiner building, room
613; all cases; damages, estates, wills, mort-
gages, partnerships, attachments, collections,
•xc; legal papers drawn; consultation free;
no advance charges; open eve's; call or write.
iADVICE free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
G. W. HOWE. S50 Market st, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; phone Mint 865. 819 Market st.
J. M. THL'RSTON; office open every even-
Ing; private divorce a specialty. ... ]
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful; all
cases; open evgs. W.W.Davidson, 927 Market
JOHN R. AITKEX. attorney at law. Rooms
309-10-11. Clunie bldg.. 503 California st
L. S. CLARK. Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Et. ; consultation free; no fees in advance.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. WALLACE, astrological readings this
week. 25c and up. 1035 Market St., suite 1.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home for child and parent with room
and board. 96% De\-isadero st
BICYCLES — For Sale or Exohange.
ALLEN has best bicycles made; all prices; call
before buying; repairing. Ores, bells. 301
Larlan, 305 Market, 1968 to 1974 Page.
BOOKS— NEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of all kinds bought; libraries purchased.
H. C. Holmes. 1149 Market; teL Howard 1946.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$550 — COAL and wood yard on Howard st; es-
tablished 25 years; two wagons, horse, etc.;
a good paying business. Call B, G. WILKE,
26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; CORNER grocery and bar on Taylor
Et. ; 4 living rooms; rent $45; place estab-
lished years; in short, a good business. See
R. G. ~WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1400; SALOOX on Geary st; choice cor-
ner; card and club rooms; nice fixtures; a
¦well-patronized and good-paying business.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st
A — CORNER grocery and bar. in best part of
the city; owner will sell at Invoice price as
he must leave for Honolulu; will give lease
to a good tenant; rent $25; with 5 rooms, $35;
a rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $650; DELICATESSEN and dairy produce,
with 3 living rooms; rent $25; choicest loca-
tion; good paying business; rare chance for
man and wife. R. (P. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $1300; SALOON established many years,
doing a good business; clearing at least $150
per month; a good investment Call K. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $1350; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon on
Kearny st.;- rent $75; a place established for
10 years and clearing at least $250 per month
Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $«00; saloon; rent $15; clears $75 month.
200 lodging-houses; prices from $150 to $5000.
$125; branch bakery, coffee parlor; clears $50
month.
$650; grocery and bar; receipts $25 day. .
For bargains see STRAND, 78 Third st
A — WE can sell all .kinds of business quick for
cash. STRAND & CO., 78 Third «t
A — CIGAR store; best in city; receipts $15 day;
cheap for cash. STRAND. 78 Third st
SOME bargains at McBride & Co.'s. 765 Markt.
$120 — Home bakery with bake oven; boss sick]
$140 — Restaurant: must be sold.
$700 — Roadhouse near city: good trade.
$300 — Saloon near water front; more bargains.
CHICKEN ranches. Fruitvale, $300 . $500- bar-
gains. McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st.
GOOD located livery stable. $1500. Call on
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st
SOME GENUINE BARGAINS BY RROWN
& CO.
. Grocery, Market st., at invoice price $375
Partner, contracting business, $75 month. 175
Partner, Market st saloon; $100 month.. 300
Partner in restaurant, take cash 75
House aad lot; sunny side; $100 down. .1000
BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market st; est. 1886.
HOME Realty, 873 Market; phone Folsom 1207.
$15.000 — Restaurant; large trade; long lease.
$13,<XK> — Restaurant; central; money maker.
$2750 — Restaurant & oyster house; big trade
$2500 — Restrnt; N. Market: cheap rent; snap.
$1500 — Restaurant; long established; central.
Others from $100 up. Special bargains.
$3000 BUYS half Interest in a mail order busi-
ness; guaranteed to clear $5000 per .year
MORRISON & CO.. 26 Montgomery st, r. 4*
BA X ERY; 2 Ilvln S rooms;- rent $30; businees
$40 per day; all counter trade. MORRISON
& CO., 26 Montgomery st, room 4-
A— CORNER cigar store; will be sold at a
sacrifice; clearing $3 Der day; full value In
eight. 1016 Market st. room 10.
A FINE opportunity to lease two upper floors
of a new 3-story brick building In Honolulu-
• suitable for first-class rooming-house; 75
rooms; single and en suite; modern; second
floor suitable for offices. Box 1080. Call.
12000 — SALOON, coffee and chop house- 16 fur-
nished rooms; rent only $115; cash register*
safe; 4 years' lease; daily receipts $40 to $45 :
owner there 7 years. Particulars. 816 Mar-
$20— AN opportunity for' a person of good ap-
pearance to start In business for hmiself;
profits from $30 to $60 weekly; no canvass-
ing. Apply to 57 Columbian building.
$200 — BRANCH bakery, candy, stationery new
oven; full value in stock; good business- large
1^ 8 .",' 1 * 111 ' for *" r bakery; 3 living rooms.
B/iblLh, o "udy st. -
$300— SALOON: good trade; full value- 3 back
rooms; rent $15; must be sold at once. 602%
Third Et.
FIRST-CLASS delicatessen store for sale on
account of sickness; a reasonable offer ac-
cepted; a good chance. Inquire at 320 6th st
BRANCH bakery, candy and stationery store
5 rooms; big basement; good for any kind ol
bakery. 1007 Guerrero st.
A — $750; CANDY and Ice cream parlor. Roon
809. 827 Market et. bet. 12 and 1 o' clock.
FOR SALE — Agency of Call at Santa Cruz. In-
j, quire A. BODEMAN. 25 Otis St.. Santa Cruz
$125 — FRTJTT etore; cood , location;, fine bust-
nesg; 3 liv. rms: sickness. Basllc. 3 Eddy st
$C50 — Restaurant with 17 well-furnished rooms-
Urge business. Call at once 604 Third st
ItOUTE in Western Addition: building up dis-
trict; reasonable. Box 1782. CalL
BUSINESS CHANCES — Continued.
JOSEPH STRAUB.
A dressmaking parlor In goad residence ana
business section; well established; Investigate
A branch bakery, candy and ice cream and
notion 6tore; good trade; rooms; rent $18.
A cigar stand in wholesale district; owner
has other business to look. after.
A country dry goods and notions store; kept
by present owner for years.
A saloon near Market and Third sts.; good
business; lease; only $1800.
A partner in good old established bakery;
this is a very good chance; only $1000.
A saloon; good stand and paying; near Hall
of Justice; owner has other business.
JOSEPH STRAUB. 850 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALK.
TO buy a lodging-house,, boarding-house or
hotel, you will benefit financially, and secure
general satisfaction by calling at the reliable
and old-established office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
No. 917 Market st, bet 5th and 6th. *
Money loaned at low rates. Phone Mint 1911.
FIRST CLASS TRANSIENT HOUSE— Elegant
furnishings; private baths; genuine money
maker; very desirable; liquor license; call,
make offer. ¦ *
86 rooms; rent $65; mixed furniture;.. ..$1200
23 rooms; rent $56; good furniture. $1700
27 rms; rent $140; ideal transient house.$3000
9 rms; rent $50; genuine transient house. $550
Many choice investments. Call before buying.
(Phone Mint 19113
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. '
No. 917 Market st.. bet 5th and 6th sts. .
12 ROOMS; elegant: flret-class; clears $70.$1200
30 rooms; always full 950
20 rooms; clears $95; only 800
12 rooms; corner; clears $50.... 325
45 rooms; clears $200 .....2200
20 rooms; clears $60 * 200
18 rooms; just listed 650
30 rooms ; clears $250; investigate 3200
20 rooms; north Market; clears $100.... 1300
100 rooms ; clears $600 9500
RETSLOFF-McMILLAN; phone John 631. '
906 Market, cor. Ellis (upstairs, rms. 7-8)..
WINSTON & WOLF, ." --
Phone Jessie 2211. 1028 Market st.
21 rooms; rent $50; part cash $1250
45 rooms; rent $100; pew furniture 2500
28 rooms; must sell; make offer; cheap rent.
39 rooms; rent $82; a money-maker.... 1850
98 rooms; modern; elev.; cor.; reduced.. 6500
28 rooms: rent $40; part cash. 650
9 -rooms; cheap rent; G. G.- ave 450
23 rooms; central; modern; part cash... 1850
81 ROOMS; rent $115; clears $120 month; cor-
ner; price $2550; 2 floors; apartment ¦ house;
roomers care for their rooms; oak and cherry
furniture; moquet capets.
15 rooms; central; respectable; corner;
clears J80 month; owner will swear to It
before notary public; will sell for $750 spot
cash. ¦
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call Bid.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
£50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22, 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotels, rooming-houses or busi-
ness to sell, list with us; buyers, call; we can
suit you; have bargains in hotels, lodging-
houses, all sizes and prices? no trouble to
show houses. Carriage at door.
Money loaned, 1% per cent.
100 ROOMS, country transient; low rent. $6500
300 rooms; corner house; for men 5000
16 rooms; sunny corner; fine location... 1500
14 rooms; rent very low; bargain 600
40 rooms; man house; rent $45; bargain 700
Money loaned at 1 per cent.
Hotels, roadhouses, flats. 5 to 200 rooms.
EITEL & CARROLL, 1032 Market st
MITCHELL & HORNLEIN, 1206 Market st
We have rooming-houses of all sizes and
prices, in all parts of the city.
11 rooms; good location; Al furnished... $S50
20 rooms; eunny; gc-od renter 950
8 rooms; sunny fiat; corner 200
11 rooms; downtown: good .....'700
15 rooms; rent $37 50; make offer 900
Money loaned at 1% per cent per month.
DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
850 Market st. — (Inc.)... Phone Davis 281.
Reliable dealers in rooming-houses, hotels,
business chances and real estate.
We furnish vacant, houses and
Loan money at lowest rates.
Something new every day.
New houses to lease.
. RYAN & O'ROURKE moved to 765 Market st.
16 rooms; forced sale; all light $550
14 rooms; clears $48; sickness $450
16 rooms; fine location; other business.. $650
500 houses for sale. •
MORTGAGED lodging house; $200 secures it;
profit $137 50 monthly. MORRISON & CO.,
26 Montgomery st. room 4. .
CORNER house; 11 rooms; neatly furnished;
price reduced to $300. Apply at 1251% Mis-
sion st, cor. Ninth.
$100 WILL put you In a 16-room house; newly
furnished: •will clear $50 over expenses. In-
quire at 842 Howard st
FURNISHED lodging-house; 19 rooms; good lo-
cation; electric lighted; rent $39. 12 Steuart.
$75 WILL put you In a house newly furnished
clearing $25 per month. Inquire 842 Howard.
GOOD transient, corner house: 10 rooms;, a
snap at $200. 137 O'Farrell st, no agents.
FOR SALE — 12-room transient house; paying;
cheap rent. 219A Mason st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALISM.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis st., near Franklin;
materializing seance; Sun. Tues. and Friday
nights. 50c; readings dally; phone Polk 2456.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.' clairvoyant, bus. me-
! dium. life reader: sit. $1; letter $2; examines
ore. 1164 O'Farrell st.. nr. Gough; Ellis car.
MRS. HAUSER, wonderful medium; truth or
no pay; 50c 28 Sixth st., room 1.
MRS. EHEEHAN, trance, test medium ;readlngs
50c. $1. 316 Third st; clr. Tues.. Fri.. 25c.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis; readings daily;
phone Polk 1601; seance Sunday and Thurs.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
X^ profTpXul" destine]
THE FIRST MEMBER OF INDIA'S OC-
CULT COLLEGE EVER REGISTERED
IN AND FOR SAN FRANCISCO.
PAUL DESTINE, the great reader of hu-
man destiny, may be consulted dally on all
affairs of life: his Information and advic«
on marriage, divorce, separation, -love and
' family affairs, business transactions, law-
suits, mining, etc., are accurate and truth-
ful; he reunites the saparated, settles lovers'
quarrels, causes speedy marriages, makes
you successful and prosperous; locates hid-
den treasures and mines: settles old estates
and accounts ' that time and circumstances
! have placed beyond the lawyer's shrewdness;
long-standing and chronic diseases that have
baffled the physician's skill cured without
the use of medicine; there is no home so
sad and dreary, no heart so forsaken and
Hsnely, no life so hard and blighted that can-
not be set right and kept right after a visit
to this Inspired man of modern times; no
matter what trouble you may have, call and
he will' help you or charge nothing for his
tervices; "palmistry taught, medlumistlc
persons developed;" learn a profession that
will bring you from $10 to $25 per day; 10
a. in. to 8 p. m.; fee, reasonable.
326 O'Farrell Street. 326
MME. M. BERNARD,
; THE FAMOUS
I Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
i located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bide.
; She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
i description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great me-
dium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life; 25c
up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel Black 4569.
"WHY NOT CONSULT THE BEST?" ~~
PROFESSOR MARCO.
Reunites the separated.
Causes speedy marriages;
Advice given on any subject;
"Mediums developed (guaranteed);
; Palmistry taught:
HE ACCOMPLISHES ALL HE- CLAIMS.
Office, 412 Post st. — *12.
Daily, 10 to 12, 2 to 5, 7 to 9.
Sundays. 2 to 5 p. m.
1 Readings by mall, 3 questions $1 00.
' A — ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy clairvoyant and
' palmist, permanently located 1104 Market st,
¦ cor. Turk; private readings .daily, 10 a. m. to
' 6 p. m. ; readings by mall as satisfactory as
in person; 3 questions answered, $1; full life
$5; send lock of hair, date and year of birth.
; A — 25c; SPECIAL $2 reading one week for 25c;
: clairvoyant, palmist, card reader; advice on
¦ all affairs; reunites the separated; makes
happy and speedy marriages in 9 days. 10 to
, 8 daily. 1010 Mission St.. near Sixth. -
I MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
• reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life readlng;ladles50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
' DON'T be deceived by large advertisements:
» call on MME. LYONS, clairvoyant and palm-
¦ 1st; readings by malL 1016 Market st j
• YOUR fortune told from cradle to Brave. . What
: I tell comes true; send dime &*birth data,
i PROF. J. MYERS, drawer 704. Chicago.
- MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
i medium, permanently located at 1206 Market
Et. cor. Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and 26..
'. MIES M. WILLE. 514 Taylor st, clairvoyant
; crystal seer; reads your life correctly without
•1 questions; full names; 50c-$l; 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.
. MME. JACQUES, 1035 Market st, Tel., Folsom
l 34 — Celebrated palmist and clairvoyant; read-
ings daily this week, 25c and up; hours 10 to 9.
- MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. ' 5 Fourth st.
. MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant card reader; slt-
. tings dally. Jessie st. bet. 5th & 6th.
; MME. ODELL. clairvoyant; cards & tea leaves
read accurately; L. 20c; G. 50c. 521% Eddy.
• MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c;
gents We, 951 Mission,* near 6th; open Sun.
FLATS TO LET. ¦¦
AN elegant upper flat, 6 eunny ; rooms and
basement; Just completed; corner Seventeenth
and Hartford. sts.: half block from Market
St.; 13 minutes' ride of Golden Gate Park.
CHESLEY, 52 off Harrison, near Seventh— Up-
per flat of five good rooms, with good cellar
and yard; rent $13.
THREE modern sunny flats. 6 rooms and bath;
Alabama st.. near Twenty-fourth; reasonable.
Inquire 2951 Twenty-fourth st.. cor. Alabama.
A — $17 50; CHEAPEST flat in city; 5 sunny
rms., bath. 549 Valencia st.. bet. 16th & 17th.
A— $10: SUNNY bay-window flat:.3 rms., yard.
821 Valencia st., nr. Nineteenth, third floor.
A— NEW 6-room flat; bath; $20;" sunny. 1412
Pacific st. ;
A MODERN flat of 5 rooms and bath. Rincon
Hill. 161 Hawthorne st. near. Harrison.
BOWIE, 5. off Eleventh— A flat of 3 roomi;
cheap rent to a small family. ¦ '
CARL, 258— Yard, basement, sunny, front;
beautiful view of park; just completed. , ; ,
FURNISHED flat; 8 rooms; desirable part of
California st. Address box 1139, Call.
MODERN flats; 6 fine sunny rooms: bath; base-
ment; yard; reasonable. 1933-1935 O'Farrell.
NEW elegant flat. 7 rooms; vacant July 1. 982
Pine st., near Taylor. " '.
TWO new sunny flats of 7 and 9 rooms; north
Bide. 1112-1116 Fell st.
FURNITURE FOR' SALE. ¦
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.; 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED house, 6 rooms, bath; 3 rooms
bring in $20; rent $17.' 320 Linden ave.
5 ROOMS of furniture complete. $300. Apply
1113 Railroad ave/. Alameda.
FURNITURE WANTED.
OTTO MAX,~i420 'California s*., pays highest
price for houses, flats, stores, etc. ; «*uction
estimates made. Phone Larkln 956. /
BIG price paid for furniture for 60 days; special
reasons. S. J. WAUGH, r. 415, Examiner, big.
A. WOOLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
FURNITURE AND MATTRESSES.
LOW prices and good work' In making over
furniture and mattresses. HOPKE BROS.,
411 and 413 Powell st: tel. Bush 421.
._¦_.; ¦...,--,-
TRY Danicheff One Dollar Glove; yon will
never wear others; warranted. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED— -FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'s.. Phone Grant 185
.: Hotel department
20 waitresses, springs, fares paid $20-$25
For Lake Co., Sonoma Co., Shasta Co ?.
10 waitresses, . Santa Cruz, fares paid.... $25
2 extra waitresses, Santa Cruz, free fare both
ways ...$1 50
' 100 waitresses city, country and resort hotels
., $25
Chambermaids, country hotels, fares ad-
vanced $20
Chambermaid, city, no board $25
2 laundresses, same country place, fare paid
$50
Man and wife, laundry work, resort... ..$50
Fancy Ironer, summer resort ". $35
Waitress, Lake Tahoe, fare paid $25
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housegirl. 2 in family, Capltola, $20; second
girl, Oakland. $25; cook and second girl,
Fruitvale, party here, $45; others, city and
country.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.... 429 Bush st
(Opposite California Hotel, bet. Kearny st.
¦ and Grant ave.) ¦
A CHAMBERMAID for a first-class hotel at
Lake Tahoe, $25, fare paid.
A pantry girl for same hotel, $25.
A pantry maid for resort, $25.
A kitchen maid for private family, $20.
A pantry maid for Yosemlte Valley, $25.
A waitress for. Napa Soda Springs. $25; 2
waitresses for Napa Soda Springs, $25 each.
A laundress for private family, $30; 4 wait-
. resses for first-class hotel near by, $25 each;
10 waitresses for city hotels, $25 each.
A parlor maid and waitress, 2 in family,
$30.
A lady's maid and seamstress, $25.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter. near Powell.
A NIGHT nurse for institution; must care for
child.ren; wages $30. MISS PLUNKETT, 425
Sutter st., near Powell.
WAITRESSES. WAITRESSES. WAITRESSES.
No matter where you wish to go we can
send you. Full and accurate information
about all hotels, springs, resorts, commer-
cial and city, furnished on application wheth-
er you secure positions from us or not.
We Can Place To-day
40 Waitresses
Best springs, mountain water resorts, com-
mercial ahd'clty hotels , ;
MRS. M. E. DAY 335 Geary st.
WANTED— Pastry cook, institution, $30; cook,
$40; 10 waitresses, city, and country hotels,
springs, etc., $25: 4 second girls, $20 and $25;
28 cooks with or without washing,
$25 and $30; 39 .girls for housework in city
and country, $20. $25 and $30, and others J
F. CROSETT & CO.; 334 Sutter st
NO EXPERIENCE NECESSARY TO LEARN
HOW TO SEW OVERALLS; WE TEACH
YOU FREE OF CHARGE AND' PAY WHILE
LEARNING; STEADY WORK; GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 32% FREMONT
ST.; MR. DAVIS.
COMPETENT girl for downstairs work and
cooking; wages $25. 214 Spruce St., between
Clay and Washington; take Sacramento-st
cars.
WANTED — Girl for housework. 51 Cumber-
land St., between Nineteenth and Twentieth,
Guerrero and Dolores.
GIRL to assist in general housework.. 2926
California st. . •
WANTED — A young girl for light housework,
small flat. 2683 Bush st., near Broderick.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; 4 in family; wages $18 to $20. 2024 Bush.
.WANTED — A first-class waitress at 304 Mason
'. st; wages $8 a week.
MIDDLE-AGED woman to care for child and
do light housework. 621 Sacramento st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 0 p. m. Wednesday; salary no object.
$4 50 — HAIRDRESSING, manicuring, massage,
hair work taught in 2 weeks; positions guar-
anteed in stores and with private customers,
'$50 and $75 per month; class day and even-
ing-. College 233 Geary at., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — By a wholesale general merchandise
house, an Al and experienced stenographer;
state where last employed and salary re-
ceived; good position'. Box .1148, Call of flee.
LADIES to learn barber trade; only two
months required; special offer this month;
hairdresslng taught in. four weeks; catalogue
free. MOLER System College, 635 Clay st.
PACIFIC College, 1236 Market, cor. Jones and
McAllister; learn for $5; halrdressing, mas-
sage,, dyeing, manicuring, switches, etc.; po-
sitions, guar. in stores and private; day, eve.
BRIGHT woman to take my route on the road;
all expenses paid. Address MRS. R., box
1150. Call office. . v ••>.-•• ......
OPERATORS, experienced; also learnirs, paid
while learning. G. W. REYNOLDS. .Muslin
Underwear Factory, 697 Mission st.'
GIRL for general housework i in family of
three. Call this morning between 10 and
12 o'clock at 1712 Oetavia st, near Bush.
YOUNG German girl for general housework;
small family. 2332 Pine St., between Fill-
more and Steiner. , ' ....
LADIES — Learn to make beautiful . laces on
"The Princess Lace Loom." and earn pin
: money; laces bought. 36 Metropole, 8 Turk.
EXPERIENCED operators and finishers- on
gents' white shirts. ROGERSON'S, 635 Va-
lencia St.'
A— SHIRTMAKERS and finishers. EAGLE-
SON & CO.. 535 Market st.
BUTTONHOLE maker on vests. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. . '
FIRST-CLASS I sewers ladles' , wrappers, tennis
gowns, etc. H. FRIEDLANDER, 338 Fell.
WANTED— Girls to iron shirts. Apply . THE
L. ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
25 L'ADIES wanted for plain dancing. Call at
233 Powell st; hours 2 to 6 p. m.
WANTED — Hairdresser and apprentice. Call
at Goldstein & Cohn, 822 Market st.
RESPONSIBLE woman for position of trust
and reliability. Box 1149. Call office. ¦
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
GIRL for general housework; references. Call
morning, 703 Broderiek st., near McAllister.
WANTED — A good woman cook for men. Ap-
" ply 2030 Seventeenth st., cor. Vermont. ..
WANTED — Young girl to assist In housework;
no washing. . v Call to-day at 714 % Ivy • ave.
AN educated woman; must be capable; with-
out encumbrances. ' Box 1142, ' Call office.
MILLINERY, thorough course, $1 per week;
day and even, class. 143 Stockton, room 13.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
; 1731: Folsom st /. ' '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
I received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established ., at 1000
Valencia st. -
__. ' : HELP ' WANTED— -MALE. __
VANTED— .
8972 men, all parts Cal., Nevada, Utah, Ari-
zona, "Oregon.. ..wages $25 to $125 and found
........ ............. AT
MURRAY & READY'S..... 634-636 Clay st.
.Phone Main 5848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
Steam shovel engineer, Nevada, $125, free
fare; 2 crane men, Nevada, .$90. ...Freo fare
' 'Special Shipment
Utah... U.tah Utah
Free . . .' Free : • Free
See Boss Here
3000 Railroad Men •....
Wanted for •••
Utah, Nevada, Salt Lake Division, Lucin,
Fenelon, Wells, Palisade, Battle Mountain,
Reno, Wadsworth, Carlin, Vista, Rokeby
1500 teamsters — free $2 25 a day
750 laborers — free $2 to $2 25 a day
600 rockmen and drillers. .$2 25 to *2 50 a day
Carmen, dumpers, concrete workers
••...• FREE TO-DAY
30 laborers, Santa Fe System Free
• ARIZONA
Teamsters, R. R. work, near Prescott
........Get Our'Daily List of Jobs
Gold NEW Silver
MINES:, .. .. MINES MINES
12 muckers for a big- mine, $75 ; 10 laborers,
surface work, no experience required for this
mine, $40 and found; 6 laborers around mine,
south, $bO; 16 laborers for smelter, $2 day; 5
laborers, mine, north, $60 to $70; furnace
dryer. $35 and found; 10 miners, north, $75
.:... TO THE MOUNTAINS
HEALTHY CLIMATE. LUMBER DISTRICTS
SAWMILLS WOODS YARDS
..WE PAY YOUR FARE .
950 willing men to work in sawmills, woods
and yards, load ,-cars. pile lumber, learn to
run machines; you need no experience for this
Job; you'll do; wages $."50 to $65 and found...
.......... AVE PAY YOUR FARE....
20 lumber pliers, good mill, $45 and found: 6
car loaders, $40 and found; 40 swampers, $30
and found, fare paid
Table edgerman, $45 and found: second table
• edgerman, $40 and found, same mill, fare $1 50
LABORERS
FACTORIES.... . .ALL KINDS OF WORK
...... OUR LIST IS READY 7 A. M
•••¦•••• SPECIAL
25 laborers for a largt factory near San Fran-
cisco, steady Job, no experience required,
$1 75 and $2 a day; 15 laborers for quarry,
$00; 30 laborers, city; 25 laborers, manufac-
turing company, 25 miles from San Francisco,
$34 and found; 10 laborers, fishery; 4 labor-
.ers, city factory; 6 laborers, packing' house;
6 laborers, brickyard, $30 and found. ........
: TO THE
FARMS ORCHARDS DAIRIES
......HAY AND HARVEST FIELDS
176 hay and harvest hands, $1 25, $1 50 to $2
and found; 39 farmers, steady jobs; 10 team-
sters, big ranch, $40 and found; 5 teamsters,
big fruit farm, $30 and found; 31 choremen
and choreboys, private places and ranches,
$15, $20, $25 and $30 and found; 6 milkers,
north, fare paid, $35; 36 milkers, other dai-
ries, $35 and $40 and found; cheese maker,
factory, see boss here .'.
10 fruit packers, country $30 and found
MISCELLANEOUS.
Deckhand dredger, $35 and found; carpen-
ter's helper, city, $2 day; young man for
Boda water works, $40; can washer, city milk
depot, if 30 and found; boy for dairy, city,
$20 and found; choreman, make a little but-
ter, residence on ranch, $30 and found; milk
wagon driver, city, $40 and found; handy
man to help carpenter on farm, $30 and
found; 40 stablemen, buggy washers, host-
lers, $35 and $40 and found and $50 and $60.
List of Positions Ready at 7 a. m. .....
MECHANICAL DEPT
Steam shovel engineer, $125, fare paid;
crane men, $90, fare paid; blacksmith,
ranch, fare $1, $50 and found; black-
smith, large company, no shoeing, $2 50 day;
blacksmith, country shop, $3 day; 10 other
blacksmiths; 6 blacksmith helpers; 2 carpen-
ters, rough work, Nevada, fare returned, see
boss here, $90; . millwright, see boss here,
$3 50 to $4 day; millwright, sawmill. $50 and
found; stonemason, country, ¦ long Job, $5
day; sheetiron worker; harness maker,
ranch; cooper, oil co, ; man to paint wagons,
dairy, city; man with some experience car-
riage painting, $1 50 day and found, country.
Assistant shipping clerk, good place, $9 week;
bookkeeper and - typewriter, $40 and found ;
5 farmers and milkers and wives; 50 boys to
learn trades and work In factories.
HOTELS, ETC
COOKS AND WAITERS
Cook, hotel, north, fare paid, $50; cook, ho-
tel, fare $2, $50; 12 cooks, hotels, ranches,
camps, etc., $70, $60, $50 $40, $30, $25 and
found; camp cook, near city, $10 week; 15
waiters, $30 to $40 and found; waiter, offi-
cers' mess of mine, south, $50 and found ;
waiter, officers' mess, $30 and increase;
night cashier, city restaurant, $30 and found;
6 porters; 3 bellboys; 4 elevator boys; 2
bakers; 3 butchers; 25 kitchen hands, dish-
washers, etc.
Get our 'daily list of positions. ¦
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
K-^A. — ! ! 1
PACIFIC ' EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. 638
Clay st
Phone Main 1191.
400 laborers, teamsters concrete men and
rockmen, $2 25 and $2 50 per day; fee $1....
Free Fare...... Ship Monday .Free fare
To Reno, Vista, Wadsworth, Rokeby and
Telegraph' Point; we ship as advertised....
350 men for S. P. Co.'s own work.....
For Sacramento, western and coast division.
To Tracy, Florin, Oakland, San Mateo, Red-
wood City, and other points. $1 60. $1 70 and
$2; section, extra and concrete gangs. Free
fare
176 laborers and miners.. $2 to $2 50 per day
14 quarrymen, free fare $2 per day
16 tanbark men .... ..$50 to $60 and fd
7 tiemakers, , Mendoclno Co. ..12c to 18c each
7 millwrights, country $3 50 to $4
2 blacksmiths, country $3 per day
7 teamsters $150 per day and fd
36 laborers, near city $2 per day
5 solderers, city $3 to $3 50
Man and wife .$65 and fd
1 colored cook, country $30 and fd
2 waiters, country, free fare $:t5
15 waiters, dishwashers and porters.$15to$25
2 bellboys, to-day $12 and fd
Many other positions; call and read our
bulletins.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 69 Third st
TO ALL POINTS IN NEVADA
Free fare " Free fare
100 teamsters $2 25 to $2 50 per day
100 rcckmen $2 25 to $2 50 per day
FREE FARE FREE FARE
Mendocino County...... Big sawmill
50 railroad laborers. $26 per month and board
12 sawmill and woodsmen
.$26 to $65 per month and boarc
SHIP TO-DAY , FREE FARE
5 carpenters' helpers.. $2 per day
3 carpenters, country. -¦ $3 50 per day
10 lumber . pliers,- sawmill
$40 per month and board
20 woodsmen. $40 to $60 per month and board i
4 smelter men $72 per month
Camp cook, 35 men .'. . .$45 per month
4 men to pitch hay.. $150 per day and board
Camp blacksmith, horseshoer... $2 50 per day
10 mill and woodsmen. Slskiyou County
$60 a month
- Man and wife to cook, camp crew of 50
men. $65 per month; 20 fruit pickers, $1 to
$1 25 a day and board; 6 families to pick
fruit for San Jose; 10 men for harvest field,
$2 per day and board; 3 men to run 'mower,
$150 per day. and board; 3 general ranch
hands, $32 50 per month and board.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St....
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton st— Chief cook.
$75; second cook, $70; second cook, country
hotel, $50; dishwasher, Santa Cruz, $25; dish-
washer. Sulphur springs, • $25; dishwasher,
hotel, $30;. potwasher, $30; glass pantryman,
$25; cook, small restaurant, country, $40;
bellboy for club, $25; coachman, $40; as-
sistant gardeners, $1 a. day; carpenter, city.
$3 50, jobbing, steady work.
WANTED— Colored waiter for family. $30;
cook and helper for small resort, Santa Cruz
mountains, $60; night .cook, some waiting,
¦ country, $35; cook, small boarding-house, $40;
waiters, country, $30; "dishwashers, pantry-
men and many others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. ;
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Bar porter $25; dishwasher, $25; waiter, $30;
fry cook, $40; night porter, $20; night clerk,
$25; bus, $25. -
A FIRST-CLASS butler for steady place;
wages $50. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 . Sutter
St.", near Powell. • ¦
WANTED— By E. B. & A. L. STONE CO. team-
' sters and laborers for R. R. work in Nevada;
"free fare; ship at 5:15 p. m. Mon., Wed. and
Frl. ; four-horse skinners, $2 25, per day; la-
borers, $2 per day; board, $5 25 per week. Re-
port with blankets at 900 Broadway, Oakland.
BARBERS — Journeymen Barbers' Union so-
cial meeting; closlnghours to come before the
union; all must au5*nd. JOS. R. BLETLY.
Secretary. J
WANTED— 200 ladies and gentlemen for book-
keepers, canvassers, collectors and office boys
for the California Ladies' Magazine. Apply
" . to General Manager, 1236 Market st.
STEADY man with $100 cash will find an open-
ing where he can make $65 per month, with
chance of increase; steady place; Apply 101C
Market st, room 10.
WANTED — Young man for kitchen i work in
restaurant and to assist a little in cooking;
German preferred. 382 Sutter st
WANTED — Sober, handy man in kitchen: one
who knows a little about cooking. Call be-
tween 9 and 12 a. m. at 111 Larkln st.
WANTED — Fourth hand cook ; steady and so-
ber man. Call between 9 - and 12 a. m., at
111 Larkln st. '
BARBER: shop for. sale; fine country town;
must be sold ; good ; chance for right man.
225% 'Montgomery ave.
DISHWASHER. $15 a month and lodging.
1709%. Mission st. ¦-¦
GENERAL blacksmith and horseshoer. 1522
San Bruno ave. '
BARBER wanted; - short hours ; steady work.
/: 213 Sansome st. .
NIGHT dishwasher wanted. Apply 612 Kearny
- streets ;.-'-.¦ -.¦•'¦.--'¦•'-".' ¦ ¦'" •'.•'. ,
BOY wanted. ¦ 259 Stevenson st;, bet Third and
Fourth. , v i "'.
-Continued. , '
LINCOLN — Clairvoyant and high psychlst;
hours 11 to 3; readings by mall. 125 Turk st.
MME. MARCEAU, clairvoyant card reader;
25 cents. 625 Minna st. __J_____
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth st.
CARPET BEATING. AND^ CLEAjWNG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
6end for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
IMPROVED carpet-cleaning for particular peo-
ple. /A. G. Klelnert. 1512 Polk; tel. East 725.
Karlson Karpet Co— Cleaning 3%c yd;upholster-
lng. 1213 Market, bet. Sth&Oth; tel. Howard 2912.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st. ; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st.; tel. Mission 74. ' .
COLLECTION OFFICES.
ADVICE free— Columbian Law atid Collection
Agcy., r. 85, 916 Market st. ; phone Bush 194.
GEORGE W KELLY'S Agency— No charge
unless successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES ' TO LET.
$12.50 — 4 ROOMS; nearly new. Douglass and
Twenty-first sts.: Castro cars.
. - : DENTISTS.
A GRADUATE specialist in each department;
our new pink amber sets of teeth cannot be
detected from the natural gums and will not
\ fall down when eating; lowest prices in S. F. ;
painless extraction, 50c;. open Sundays and
evenings. New York Dentists Co., DR. E.
W. PERKINS, Pres.,' 969 Mission st, SE.
cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 2651.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Market, cor.
4th. r. 7. Flood bldg.: extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W: THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
EASY Dental Parlors, 6 Turk st., cor. Mason —
Expert painless extractors; skilled operators;
gas given; lady attendant. R. C. ANDER-
SON; D.D.S., proprietor and manager..
A NEW plate— The. Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth et.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cori Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; flllings,25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School ;
corset-making taught; patterns cut. 1019 Mkt.
~~ EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD' S . SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING — Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Post st, S. F.;
catalogue free. ¦
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S.F. — Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A — IF Gregg stenographers are not fast writers,
how do they all get positions and hold them?
90 positions since April 1; Ellis bookkeeping
makes real bookkeepers. S. F. Business Col-
lege, 1236 Market st. .
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university," law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
GALLAGHER-MARSH BUSINESS COLLEGE'
conducted by experts ; best combined short-
hand and commercial course to be had; In-
dorsed by official court reporters. 1382 Markt.
OTHER students, graduates and teachers take
-' penmanship, bookkeeping, etc., with Golden
Gate Commercial College, 530 Golden Gate.
Address Ayers' Business College, 723 Market
st.. for their new catalogue; it is free and the
nicest in the State. Life scholarship $50.
ENGINEERING — Civil. elec.,mining,mech.,sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallet Sihool;
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market nr.lOth;
Pittman shorthand, typing, bookkeepg; $6 mo.
Harpist, only teacher West, desires pupils. Mme.
Carusl. Hallet School Actlng.120 O'Farrell st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve. ;-$5 mo. 1024 Mission. nr.6th.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Vrof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1008 Mission; instruments selected.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post St.. S. F.,
founded 1803; new 80-page catalogue free.
CHEAPEST sand best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,nr.Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
Grand*Japanese-Chlnene Emp. Office. 415 Stock-
ton; tel Grant 168; expert, reliable help.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 52 1 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
JAP reliable housecleanlng, cooks, waiters on
short notice. 1293 Page St.; tel. Fell 8501.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 040 Clay.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE"
WANTED — Situation by an Eastern woman to
do general housework in small family in
Oakland; 1p good plain cook; wages $25
month. Call at 325 Minna st. .
A GERMAN lady wants, to go out" to do wash-
ing and house-cleaning. 278 Natoma st., nr.
Fourth.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper by a
widow; good manager, sewer and cook; city
or country. Box 1115, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
kct— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50
to $6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 639 McAllister st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
STRONG, willing young man, good appearance,
wishes general work: good hand around
horses; references if requlrcl; In first-class
stenographer. Box 1157, Call office.
MAN 39 years old, 10 years In present position
as private secretary, accountant and sten-
ographer; will voluntarily give up present po-
sition; has legal education and considerable
experience in land titles and conveyancing,
banking and general business affairs; desires
to engage with reputable corporation any-
where In California; high testimonials • from
present employers. Address box 1082, Call.
FIRST-CLASS gardener and florist desires sit-
vatlon; is thoroughly experienced and relia-
ble; faith best recommendations from royal
court gardens of Germany, from New York
estates, and twelve years in ¦ California, of
which nine years in last situation. Address
box 1173, Call office.
WANTED by a-cracticai pickle, catsup, sauce
and condiment processer: Eastern and Cali-
. fornian experience; all-round man; can make
hla own steam: good references; city or
country. Address W. H.,"1729 Eddy st.
SOBER elderly man wants work In private
place, gardening; good all around man; handy
with tools; references; ¦ wages moderate. A.
W., Call office, Oakland.
EDUCATED, experienced, temperate man
wants position In country as coachman or
handy, useful man about place. Call or ad-
dress J. WILL, 712 Fourteenth st.
STEADY. " reliable man wishes 'situation as
coachman and gardener; city or country; can
milk; best of references. Box 1155, Call. ¦
MAN and wife would like situations on. ranch;
wife good cook; man handy about work. Box
1146, Call. •-¦ ..,'".- i
GOOD sober man, capable of handling gang of
men, wishes situation on a ranch. Addreea
234 Montgomery St., care Roche & Bryan.
YOUNG German with exoerlence desires posi-
tion in a grocery store. C. P., 201 Montgom-
ery ave. ¦ ¦¦'.'.] ; ,.
WANTED — Position as bartender, by a compe- i
tent man;, country preferred. Address box
48S8, Call" office. Oakland." _ ;
PROFESSIONAL nurse will care for sick, in-
valid or old gentleman. Address S. 28 Sixth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A' BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. / ¦ . ¦ /
FINANCIAL..
COMPANIES Incorporated and financed; stock
and bond issues guaranteed, underwritten and
Bold; stock accepted for services.: Send for
Pacific States Investor. PACIFIC, STATES
MINING AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The .Weekly CalC'
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
HELP WANTED-.--Ma£e — Con. _ _¦
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 429 Bush St.
(Between Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
SHIP MONDAY .••••;••
FREE TO NEVADA AND UTAH
NO OFFICE FEE
NO OFFICE FEE ........••••
500 teamsters. Lucine, Utah.... See boss here
500 teamsters and laborers Ne v ada
200 concretemen, scraper holders and loaders,
tunnelmen. machine drillers ;i- Ne^ a «^
Wages............. $2. $2 25 and $3
Come one Cost you nothing..... Come all
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK...
500 tunnelmen, drillers, muckers and laborers
$2 to $3 a day
Free Fare Shla Dally Free Fare
For Railroad Camps Free Fare
Electrician and engineer for railroad tunnel
$60 and found
Engineer to run air compressor at railroad
tunnel : $35 and found
Harness maker, R. R. camp. Nevada.......
{ $50 and found
Blacksmith. R.' R. camp. Nevada.. $3 a day
2 carpenters to build concrete frames, rail-
road work. Nevada. .... $3 to $3 50 a day
Blacksmith's helper, R. R. camp $2 a day
H. R. camp cook, Nevada |W
R. R. camp cook, California •¦*
Free Fare ; Free Fare
¦ 20 laborers for large company, country, $ 2 , 25
a day; 50 woodsmen, lumber pliers and la-
borers, $35 and found; 100 laborers, near
city, $2 a day; 6 carpenters, company worK,
country, $3 a day;. 3 millwrights, country
sawmill, $3 50 a day; 10 blacksmiths, coun-
try, $3 a day; 100 farmers, haymakers, milk-
ers, choremen and others, $30 and $35, $1 25
;and $1 50 a day and board; 10 muckers.
$2 50 a day; 20 laborers. $2 a day, for a
mine north
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head .waiter and steward, summer resort.$5O
¦ Kitchen steward, country hotel $45
Head waiter, country hotel $40
Second cook, summer resort, fare pald..$CO
Meat and pastry cook, country hotel. $65
10 second cooks, fryers and broilers, $50 to
$70; 4 waiters, country hotel, $30; helps'
hall waiter, country, $25; 10 bell boys, $10
to $25; 3 butchers, country, $30 to $40; om-
nibus for springs, $25; 20 dishwashers,
kitchen hands, pantrymen and vegetablemen
for hotel« and restaurants, resorts- and
springs, $25 to $35 •••
C. R. HANSEN & CO 429 Bush st.
(Bet. Kearny st. and Grant ave.)
A EUSTACE, the head" waiter and steward,
kindly send address or call at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S. 429 Bush at. . '
WANTED — Sober, reliable young man with
$175 cash, light contracting business; $75
month year around; no experience necessary;
no night or Sunday work. Particulars
BROWN. 1221 Market st.
WANTED — Honest man with $75; take cash,
restaurant. $40 month. BROWN. 1221 Market.
WANTED — Second waiter at New Golden Gate
' Hotel, 134 Fourth st.
DISHWASHER wanted at^582 Sixth St.; wages
$20 per month. '
GOOD porter at the "Modern," 34 Fourth St.;
good wages.
WANTED — Young man to wash dishes and help
to wait at table. 258 First st. -
BARBER wanted. 39% Turk it.;$14 a week.
DISHWASHER wanted at 2585 Market; wages
$5; half day Sunday.
DISHWASHER wanted at 19 Powell st.
$10 BUYS two fine barber chairs. 172 Minna
st., room 12.
WANTED— Tailors to work by the week; $18
. per week; steady work. S. N. WOOD &
CO., 27 Geary st
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office, 40 Ellis st, San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires two
months; constant practice and expert Instruc-
tion; catalogue free; special inducements this
month. Moler System College, 635 Clay st.
AT Co-operative Employment Bureau — Wanted
carload laborers for Nevada. We ship you
free. This is the bureau that brought about
no office fee. 17 Steuart st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED — Molders, machinists and draughts-
man. . Address or apply. Benicia Agricultural
Works, Benicia, Cal.
WANTED — Players for first-class amateur or-
chestra. 232 Laussat ave., off Fillmore st.,
below Haight.
WANTED — Experienced male and female cut-
ters for. factory, on women's wrappers and
overskirts. Apply box 1116. Call.
WANTED — Good sugar barrel cooper. 847 Flor-
ida st ¦
SWELL dressers, examine' our $35 to $75 misfit
suits for sale at $16 to $25. 104 Second st
DISHWASHER wanted: restaurant: no Sun-
day work.- 666 Fourth st.
WANTED — First-class wash goods salesman.
• Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.*
LAUNDRY help w?.nted — First-class Ironers.
Apply Stanford French Laundry. Palo Alto.
BARBERS — Shop running 3 chairs for sale;
good trade; owner leaving city. 428 Sixth st
50 QUARRYMEN and rock drillers. $2 and
$2 25 per day. Apply 212 Ninth st.
500 PAIR new and second-hand army shoes:
size 5 to 12. McDONALD & PERRY. 241 3d.
WANTED — Young men to learn barber trade.
S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. room 40, Phelan
big. Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G.A.R.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
50c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard St., nr. 5th,
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for Europe and
Australia. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting! 25c
to 60c. 563 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damage'd, half
. price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night;, reading-rooms;
free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements- and
subscriptions, has been established at 1090
Valencia st. : . .
; AjVD r WAGONS. __
A LOT of horses for sale at Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth st; also buggies, wagons, har-
ness, etc.; auction sales every Wednesday at
11 a, m. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. -
FOR sale — Camping outfit: comfortable, home-
like house- wagon ; also covered camping
wagon, >tent 12x14, two horses, harness, etc.
At 38 Bluxome st. ¦
FINE Shetland pony, cart and harness; gentl*
for a child to drive; cheap.. Occidental Hors*
Exchange. 246 Third st.
FOR sale — Spiral spring top road buggy cheap.
Inquire of JOHN WIREN. 113 William st.
SOME gentle driving and work horses cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET. 721 Howard.
3 CARRIAGE teams, five good saddle horses.
DALZIEL. 605 Golden-Gate ave.
LIGHT top wagon for sale: suitable for camp-
Ing. S.W. cor. Fell and Devlsadero sts.
LIGHT delivery wagon; business buggy; also
top buggy. 1370 Tutk st.
Largest stock 2d-hand wagons, buckboard, sur-
rey, harness work.driving horses. ISth&Valenela.
AN Al express wagon, single: also light camp-
Ing wagon for sale cheap. A32 Mission st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing. SI per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN « CO., 14 Montgomery.
HOWARD. 2305 — Bay-window house. 9 rooms
and bath; yard and large basement.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FOR rent — Elegantly furnished modern house
and barn; 6 rooms; large basement and yard;
piano and. phone; in beautiful neighborhood;
near a park; six months or longer, adulta
only; reasonable. Box 1073. Call. .
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — In CalistDga, furnished 6 or 7 room
house. July 5 to August 5; with stable pre-
ferred; Callstoga and Oakland references. Ad-
dress B. H. WELCH. 1379 Tenth ave.. East
Oakland. ¦
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — While driving Oak and Oetavia sts. to
Golden Gate Park, a lady's gold watch, set
''with thirteen diamonds, engraved E. V. C,
and pearl sunburst pin with one diamond;
valued as keepsake. Finder will receive llb-
, eral reward by returning to ,241 Oak st.
SUTTER and Kearny sts; light curly dog;
name Beauty on collar. 206 Kearny st-, room
300; reward. . • —
IT will pay to "Remember" that the California
Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st.. needs old gold
and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
METAL beds, bedding, camp goods, window
shades. HOTTER. 712 Mission; tel. Main 730.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERiTengTnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN.
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
TENTS— TENTS— TENTS. ~* \
750 to 1000 new and second-hand tents to re»i
and for -sale. Apply ROSS McMAHON'S
Awning. Tent & Hammock Co.. 208 Drumm.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleyi.
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
BAR fixtures; big stock: Installments; billiard,
and pool tables; easy terms or rented. Tha
Brunswick-Balke-Collender Co.. 652 Mission.
NEW and 2d-hand boilers, engines, dynamos,
motors, pumps, -wood and iron working ma-
chlnery. H. S. WHITE. 130 Beale st.
PLEASURE schooner for sale; 50 feet lonsr.
16.2 ft. beam. For particulars apply Cali-
fornia Yachting Club. Oakland.
PIPE Vt to 6 In.: screw, flange or lead Joints.
brass and iron fittings. Thompson. 40 Main.
NEW Rambler bicycle cheap. 1253 California
St., 8:30 p. m.
"" HAMMOCKS
At half prlca. 102 Clay st. "
ENGINES boilers, lathes, planers, second-hand
machinery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
SECOND-HAND lumber, sashes, blinds, doors
and bricks for sale. Valencia St.. cor. 13th.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters (all
makes). ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS launches, rowboats carried In stock.
. BAKER & HAMILTON.
Edison phonographs, records, supplies, moving
picture machines, films. Baclgalupl. 933 Mkt.
GASOLINE etslnes, all sizes, new and 2d-hand
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont at-.'J
SAFES — New and second-hand. The HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
FOR 2d-hand machinery, engines and boilers go
to D. J. McMasters, SE. cor. 2d & Brannan.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines A boilers
bought, sold. Krogh Mfg. Co.. 519 Market at.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tnres. BULLARP & BRECK. 131 Poat st.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED — Milch cows, horses, hay. harness
and fittings for livery stable, water pipe and
tanks; will exchange lots in eeaslde resort
for the same. Box 1144. CalL
A SECOND-HAND fireproof safe, inside and
outside doors, top 24x24 Inches and 36 Inches
In height. Answer P.O.box 35, Martinez. Cal.
BIG prices paid for sealskin coats; also gents*
full dress and Tuxedo suits. Portland Loan
Office. 25 Stockton St.; phone Bush 484.
I WILL pay good cash prices for old sealskins;
send postal; will call. Box 4960. Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. ; tel. Jessie 2S51.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN MURPHY. 601-602 Examiner bldg.
$4,500,000 at less than bank rates
LOANS MADE «
On first and second mortgages
Life interests In estates ..«
Property being held in trust ¦
......Undivided interests in real estate.....*
Estates in probate — Legacies. ......*
Assignment of rents .«
Life Insurance policies .....*
..Financial problems of all sorts and siaea..
i If you need money -
See HERMAN MURPHY ...... .
601-602 Examiner building
A— R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery St.. room X
Loans any amount at lowest rates.
Deal direct with lender.
On first mortgages. j» J
On second mortgages. " .]
On third mortgages. Ti, J
On undivided Interests In real estatsw |j ..;
On estates In probate. ' .
On legacies.
NO DELAY.
Telephone Main 6513.
R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room a.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate. Interest in estates, legacies, undivided,
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 16.
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
RENTERS* LOAN AND TRUST COMPANY.
Safe Deposit bldg.. 328 Montgomery st..
Will make loans on real estate.
Low rate of Interest.
Long or short term.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at
lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 840
Market st: tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
. Geary St.; phona Red 1603. •;•_• • ¦¦
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages and on
furniture or pianos: no removal: any amount;
lowest rates. BECKER. 36 Geary St., room 3d.
S. F. DISCOUNT AGENCY— Loans to salaried,
people on their note.
THE TOUSLEY CO 143 Phelan bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal ;money quick;
lowest Interest; easy- terms; no brokerage;
reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 68.
ELFVING. 616 Examiner bldg; loans on pianos,
furniture, etc., at 2 per cent without removal;
no com. ;strictly confidential. Tel. Black 5263.
$10 TO $100 loaned salaried people without se-
curity; quietly, quickly, confidentially; lowest
rates; easy payments. Drake. 453 Parrott big*.
LOANS on furniture or piano •without removal;
any amount; lowest rate; goods in warehouse;
confidential. ORMSBY. 26 Montgomery st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
$500,000 ENGLISH money; low rates; 1st or
2d mtgs.,und'vd. Interests, estates in probate,
life ins. policies, etc. Harper. 480 Parrott bd.
TO loan — $5000 to $10,000 on real estate. Box
1079, Call.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. E.W.LICK.116 McAllister st,
8% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal.
Phone Black 1709; room 81. 6 Eddy, floor 4.
Money loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, r. 44, Merchants' Exc. 431 California.
ONE per cent on furniture; $5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
CASH loaned salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner bldg.
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. IS pages, sent to any address In that
United States or Canada one year for SI.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALi* makes and grades handled; largest va-
riety and largest stock; $350 buys a good
piano. Special bargains, all uprights:
3 Steinway $95 to $280
2 Knabe $85 to $110
2 Fischer $75 to $155
1 Bourne $40
Over 5000 Heine pianos In S. F. Agents tor
famous old Gabler and 20 others. Rents and
Installments $2 up.
HEINE PIANO CO.. Heln* HalL 235-277
Geary st. . •
A BUNCH OF BARGAINS ALL UPRIGHTS.'
A Fischer; 3 pedals; mahogany case $183
A Vose; 3 pedals; mahogany case 295
A Schwechten; walnut case; like new... 230
- A Steinway; mahogany case; less than... 300
A Pease; fancy oak case................ 283
A Chester; good as new; mahogany 193
Easy payments: fully warranted flve> years.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16-18-20 O'Farrell.
ALTHOUGH many seemingly advantageous
propositions are offered In the way of prices
and terms upon pianos, please bear In mind
that we can not only duplicate them, but can
offer exceptionally fine pianos and largest
assortment of best makes to choose from,
SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers,
cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.. S. F.. Broad.
way and Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken .back any Urn*
within two years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you only 20c a day to buy »
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OTarrell St.; established 1S50.
WE are cleaning house and will sell several
odd styles at great reductions. Pianos as low
as $30, and In good condition. Call aad sea
our unsurpassed line of new goods as well.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO 769
Market st.
OUR pianos, the leading makers; prices $100
upward; values best in • city. PIERCE' 3
PIANO FACTORY. Market. 14th A Church.
A LOT of high-grade pianos for almost a song
at WILSON'S STORAGE. 1710 Market st
PARTY need of cash must sacrifice handsom»
upright piano account death. 486 Eddy st.
ON sale— A large Steinway upright; good as
new; must sell. 237 Geary st.
$3 PER month— Best renting pianos In city.
Scott Curtaz Piano Co.. 560 Hayes st
$160— ALMOST new 3-pedal upright; easy pay-
ments. 16 McAllister, st.. next Hlbernla Bank.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. 931 Market st—
Steck. Everett, Ludwig and other good pianos.
SNAP— 2 only. new. $450; high-grade uprights.
dropped from catalogue.$250. Bruenn.2C8Poat,
BYRON. MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post St.; Sohmer
and other pianos and pipe organs.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.(120th Meridian— Paalflc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 22—5 p. m.
THE COAST RECORD.
/-¦¦• h g £ o • »- *a
¦ ¦• 5 Hg jJt 5)? 3
.' \ • '-'B ' 3g ' 33 b£ p €"
STATIONS. ' | || SS fg f&^ ,?
• e e : ~ : §
• 1 "1 ¦-,•¦.."¦•. .
, ; -. • .- a> a • « .
; * » ' • .
Astoria 29.88 70 48 SW Cloudy Too
Baker 29.82 84 58 NW Cloudy .00
Carson ..29.84 84 50 W Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 62 54 NW Pt Cldy .00
Fresno 29.74 102 68 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff . 29.80 90 46 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello, Ida.29.7S 92. 54 W Pt Cldy .00
Independence .29.74 98 66 few Clear 00
Loa Angeles ..29.76 86 ' 64 W Clear .00
Phoenix 29.62 112 68 SB Clear .00
Portland 29.88.80 60 NW Cloudy .00
Red Bluff ....29.80 02 64 SE Pt Cldy 00
Roseburgr 29.84 82 52 ,N Cloudy .00
Sacramento ..29.80 S8 60 8 Clear CO
Salt Lake 29.72 SS 70 N Pt Cldy !oo
San Francisco.29.92 66 52 W Clear" 00
S. L. Oblspo. .29.84 92 50 N Clear *00
San Diego ...29.76 68 58 W Clear* 00
Seattle 29.92 76 56 N Cloudy .00
Spokane 29.80 86 56 E Cloudy 00
Neah.Bay ...29.94 64 54 SW Cloudy "OO
Walla Walla..29. 78 90 66 S Pt Cldy .00
WInnemucca .29.82 00 62 SW Cloudy 00
Yuma .... 29162 112 72 ' W Clear !o0
..Temperature at 7 a..m., 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
. Generally cloudy weather prevails over the
northern portion of the Pacific Slope and Rocky
Mountain region, and clear weather over the
southern. '
The pressure has risen over tha Pact So Coast
States and fallen to the' east of the Rocky
-Mountains.
. The i temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary in all districts. In California It is
slightly above, the normal. ¦
Conditions are favorable for fair weather In
California Monday except probably. foggy Mon
day night. along the central and northern coast
¦ Forecast mVde at San Francisco for thirty
hours,' ending midnight, June 22, 1802:
-Northern California — Fair Monday; light
variable winds in the interior; brisk westerly
along the coast. ¦ \
California— Fair Monday; fresh
westerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday
fresh west wind, becoming high in the after
noon, y. G. H. WILLSON
' . ' Local Forecast Official.
Weather Report.
NEW YORK — Arrived June 22 — Stmr Bohe
mian, "from Liverpool: atmr Cltta di lo Rino,
from Genoa and Naples ; stmr Columbia, . from
Glasgow and Moyille; stmr Statendam. from
Rotterdam and Boulogne! atmr ¦ Umbria, from
Liverpool and Queenstown.- ¦¦'• •
¦ BEACH -HEAD— Passed June 22— Stmr
Grosser Kurfurst, from Bremen, for Cherbourg
and 4 New York. " , ; '
• LONDON— Arived June 22— Stmr Manltcra,
from. New York. . .:.', ' .¦
CAPE ' SPARTEL — Passed June 22— Stmr
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SEATTLE— Arrived . Jurie ( . 22— Stmr Charles
Nelson, hence 18th. t ' ¦
PORT LUDLOW — Sailed June - 22 — Schr
Comet, for San Pedro. ...
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed out June 22 —
Schr Comet, from Port Ludlow, for San Pedro.
• Passed out June 22 — Schr S timaon, from
Ballard, for San Pedro. , ¦ -. l ¦ .
SAN. PEDRO— Sailed June 22— Schr Fred E.
Sander, • for Port Townsend.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed Jun« ; 21— Stmr
Mandalay, for San Francisco.
. ASTORIA— Arrived June 22— Br stmr Indra
pura, from Hongkong; stmrs Homer and Se
quoia, hence 19th; schr Churchill, hence 7th.
Sailed June 22 — Stmr George W. Elder, for
San Francisco; Br stmr Quito, for Manila.
EUREKA — Arrived June , 22 — Stmra Iaqua
and Pomona, hence 21st.
NE AH. BAY— Passed out June 22 — Stmr
American, from' Seattle, for Honolulu; schr
W. H. ¦ Talbot, f rom Ballard, for Sydney; schr
Bainbridge, from Port Blakeley, for San Fran
cisco; Er ship Dur bridge,, from Tacoma, for
Queenstown.
Passed' in June 22 — Schr Annie M. Campbell,
hence 8th, for Port-Townsend. .
FORT BRAGG — Arrived June 22-=-Stmr Co
quille River, hence 21st.
WESTPORT— Sailed June 22 — Stmr. Scotia,
for San Francisco. :
SAN DIEGO — Arrived June 22 — Stmr De
spatch, from Port MadiBon.
TACOMA — Arrived June 22 — U. S. transport
Dix, from Seattle; stmr Charles Nelson, from
San'Francisco; stmr; Evangela,- from Irondale.
GRAYS HARBOR — Arrived • June 21— Stmr
Coronado, hence June 18. , ' .,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Sunday, June 21.
Etmr Gipsy,' Swanson, 20 hours from Moss
Landing.
Stmr Samoa, Olsen, 42 hours from San Pe
dro.
Stmr National , City, Johnson, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 42 hours , from San
Pedro.
Stmr Celia, Hogan, 21 hours from Hardy
Creek.
Schr Ivy, Samuelson, 4 days from Coos Bay.
Schr Queen, Nielsen, 9 days from Port Gam
ble. . ¦ • ¦ - r-'v-- • •
Schr Ida A., Campbell, 5 hours from Point
Reyes'. •
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, 22 days from
Honolulu.
Br bark Baroda, Panzer, 43, hours from Coos
Bay, in tow of tug Reliance.
- Tug Defiance, . Marshall. 4S hours from Coos
,Bay, with Br bark Baroda in tow.
Schr Mary C. Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
deza. ' ; : i"
SAILED.
i Sunday, June 22.
Stmr George Loomis, Brldgett, Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Btmr OlymDlc, Hansen, New Whatcom.
Stmr North Fork, Nelson, Eureka.
Stmr Arctic, Reiner, Eureka. :
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria. >
Stmr Del Norto, Green. San Pedro.
Stmr Prentlss, Ahlstrom, . ¦
Stmr Phoenix, Odland, Mendocino.
. Br ship Crocodile, Wilson, Queenstown.
Schr Alolfa, Fry. Kailui. t f.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, June 22,. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind SW, velocity 12 miles per hour.
ARRIVED,
Shipping Intelligence.
The small schooner Covina, which was lately
completed for Louis Larsen, made her. maiden
trip to El Campo yesterday, carrying a pleasure
party of more than 100 people.
Covina Makes Maiden Trip.
Tug Rescue Lays Up for Repairs.
The, Red Stack tug Rescue, which has for
some\time been hauling oil barges from Ven
tura to this ! port, has been laid up for re
pairs and the tugboat Monarch will take her
place. . . '
The British three-masted steel bark Baroda
arrived safely in port yesterday afternoon. In
tow of the : Spreckels. tugboat Defiance, from
Coos Bay. She was taken up to the Union
Iron. Works, where she will go into the dry
dock.
On the 20th of August, 1001, the bark Baroda,
bound from Callao to Portland, Captain Marr
In command, during a dense fog and a heavy
running inshore current, went ashore nine miles
south of Coquille River. The tide was running
very high at the time and left her firmly em
bedded in the sand. <
The English underwriters sent out a renowned
wrecker from Glasgow, -Captain' Burns, to get
her off, and on June 5 last his effort met with
success, and he floated her safely.
Captain Burns said • yesterday that he- had
started with . the Baroda two days before from
Coos Bay, and that they had encountered heavy
fogs on the voyage. He deemed the condition
of the ship favorable, as she had only leaked
half an inch an hour, and was not badly
damaged. - .
Baroda Safely Towed to Fort.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Garling, Mississippi C Bachman. Missouri
R Peterman. Mississlp J Booker, P I
Dr A H Bradley & w, W E Bain. Toledo
St Louis J Hanrigan. Toledo
J H Taylor & w. Cal T Qulnn. Arizona
W M Raine. Denver Mr Parker. Sacto
Miss Johnson. Denver Mrs Emerson. Humbolt
C Stern. Kansas City Mrs|S Thayer, Wdland
J Kinney. Kansas Cty W H Hunter & w, Or
G Brown, Sacto W Plummer & w. Sact
D Bachman. Sacto W R Jennings, Sacto
C Hardin. Wisconsin Misa W Clark. Cal
J DIckson, Missouri J S Huey & w, S Jos«
J Rabb. Missouri
HOTEL ASBIVALS.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
DelNorte.... Crescent City June 23
Mandalay. ... Coquille River June 23
San Juan.... Panama & Way Ports.. June 23
Brooklyn....*. Point Arena June 23
Arcata Coos Bay & Port Orford. June 23
Chehalis San^Pedro June 23
State of Cal.. SanT>iego & Way Ports. June 23
Sonoma...... Sydney & Way Ports. . June 23
Argo Eel River Ports June 23
Acme. Siuslaw River June 23
Pomona Humboldt . ; June °4
Titanla. ..... Nanalmo v June 24
Corona Newport &> Way Ports. June 24
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria .... June 24
Santa Cruz ... Southern C6ast June 25
Eureka Humboldt June 28
Queen Puget Sound Ports . ... June 28
Santa Rosa. . San Diego & Way Ports June 2<J
Point Arena... Point Arena June 26
S. Barbara. . . San Pedro June 27
Rival Willapa Harbor June 27
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way Ports June 27
Nevadan New York June 27
Curacao , Mexican Ports June 27
Rainier...... Whatcom June 23
Cpronado.... Greys Harbor ... .V. ... June 28
Coos Bay. . . . San Pedro & Way Ports June 28
China China & Japan June 28
North Fork.... Humboldt June 2s
G. Dollar. . . . Grays Harbor June 29
Chas. Nelson. Seattle & Tacoma June 29
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. June 29
Pentaur Seattle .........; June 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria. June 29
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports July 1
Abydos Hamburg v. West Coast July 2
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier. "
Jane 23. ~~
Lakxne..... Portland & Way Pts 9 am Pier 2
Zealandla.. Honolulu 2 pm Pier 1
Eureka. . . . Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
San Pedro. Grays Harbor 12 m Pier 2
Chehalis... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay. . San Pedro & Way. . 9 am Pier 11
June 24.
Argo Eel River Ports.... 4 pm Pier 2
Albion Rvr pt. Arena & Albion. 6 pm Pier 13
Tamplco... Puget Sound Ports Pier —
Jane 25.
Acme Siuslaw River — pm Pier 2
Arcata. . . . Coos Bay & Pt Orf d 12 m Pier 13
Portland... Nome & St. Michael -2 pm Pier 34
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 19
Mandalay.. Coquille River .... 4 pm Pier 2
June 26.
Pomona. . . . Humboldt - 1 :30 p Pier 11
State Cal... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier U
Jnnc 27.
S. Barbara. Astoria & Portland 4 pm Pier 2
Corona Newport & Way Pts 9 am Pier 11
G. Elder... Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 24
June 28.
Pt. Arena. . Point Arena 2 pm Pier' 2
Eureka.... Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier —
H. Mara... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
San Juan.. . Panama & Way Pts 12 m PMS3
. .¦- Jane 29.
Alliance.... Portland & Way Pts S pm Pier 18
Jane SO.
Rival Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 2
Queen Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 1U
Jnly 1.
Arequipa. . . Valparaiso & Way. . 12 m Pier 10
Jnly 2.
G. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For. Sails.
Humboldt.... Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Excelsior.... Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. June 25
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. June 23
Spokane Skagway & Way Ports. June. 2-3
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. June 28
Senator ". Nome July 1
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. July 2
Roanoke Nome & St. Michael... July 3
Oregon.....". . Nome & Teller July 3
Centennial... Nome & Teller July 5
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE 1 — The high ' and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlsston-street wharf) about
twenty-flva minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the sama at both places.
, MONDAY, JUNE 23.
Sun rises 4:48
Sun seta 7:33
Moon rises 9:08 p. m.
D Time Time Time Time
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft,
• L W - H W Ii W H W
23 6:65 0.0 2:26 4.5 6:46 ~STo 7!7T
H W L W H W L W
24 0:25 4.7 7:29 0.2 2:50 4.6 7:37 8.1
25 1:04 4.4 8:04 0.5 3:33 4.7 8:36 3.2
26 1:55 4.2 8:44 0.9 4:06 4.9 9:43 2.0
27 3:00 4.0 9:30 1.3 4:40 5.0 10:53| 2.5
28 4:22 3.7 10:22 1.8 5:17 5.1|11:51| 2.0
29 | 5:55 3.611:15 2.2 6:00 5.2|.....|
NOTE^ — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tb<9
day.' except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the 'depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low Waters.
Movements of Steamers.
THE United States transport Sher
man was released from- quaran
tine at 8 o'clock this morning and
shortly afterward proceeded to
Angel Island and landed the
discharged men and casuals at the deten
tion camp.' '¦ : -\y j '^
The transport tug Slocum came along
side about 10 o'clock and took off the first
class passengers, among whom were Ma
jor General Lloyd Wheaton and Brigadier
General Simon Snyder. '•'.
During' the afternoon the Sherman
steamed slowly up the bay and anchored
in the stream.
The Sherman made a remarkably quick
trip, being 22 days, 19 hours. and 41 min
utes out from Manila, and 18 days, 3 hours '
and\ 10 minutes from Nagasaki. j .
She carried 1574 passengers. Of these
there were 117 first, class, 6 second class,
ISO sick in hospital, 553 officers and men
of the Sixth Infantryt 557 officers and men
of the Nineteenth Infantry, 93 casuals and
11 insane. / * . : ' . . ;
There were three deaths during the voy
age, as follows: . ., ?
June 13, Private William B. Carlisle of
Troop C, First Cavalry; June 17, Private
William R. Morris of Company C, Seventh
Infantry;. June 19, ; Sergeant George W.
Quick of Company G, Sixth Infantry. !
The Sixth Infantry will go from San
Francisco to Fort Leavenworth' and the
Nineteenth Infantry will be stationed,
some at Alcatraz Island and some at An
ger Island. ' 3
The following is the list of the first
class passengers who came on the Sher
man:
Major General Lloyd Wheaton, Brigadier
General Simon' Snyder. .
Sixth Infantry — Colonel Charles W. Miner,
Major K. .H. R. Loughborough, Captains L. W.
V. Kennon. Charles G. Morton, O. Bundy, B.
W. Atkinson, B. A. Poore, William H. Simons,
W. E. Gleason, S. J. B. Schindel, Dwight E.
Ryther, Frank C. Bolles; Chaplain J. A. Ran
dolph; First Lieutenants John Robertson, J. V.
Heidt, William F. Nesbitt, I Robert J. Maxey,
David B. Mulllkin. M. L. Cummins, Louis P.
Schindel, James B. Kemper, Charles B. Clark;
Second Lieutenants Howard C. Young, Sidney
S. Burbank, Frank A; Awl, David C. Anderson,
Frank S. Bowen, Elliott M. Norton, H. G.
Stahl, Joseph C. Wilson, Kerwin T. Smith,
Clyde B. Parker.
Nineteenth Infantry — Major Joseph F. Hus
ton, Major Thomas C. Woodbury : Captains
Charles Tyler, Andrew S. Rowan, Frank. Mc-
Int*re, Samuel Burkhardt Jr., T. O. Murphy,
James Ronayne, Amoa H. Martin, Fred C.
Lawton; Chaplain S. J. Smith; First Lieuten
ants George W. Holms, J. H. Bradford Jr.,
John H. French. James W. Graham. Harry F.
Dalton. Irving L. .Hunt, Henry A. Hegeman,
George L. Feeter, John L. Bond, J. , S. Cecil,
J. J. Muller; Second Lieutenants -Gilbert M.
Allen, Otis R, Cole, Richard Wetherill, Geosge
W. Sager, C. W. Tillotson, L. J. Rancourt, Ira
A. Smith, H. C. M. Supplee, William T.
Screws, Fred C. Kellond, Leonard T. Baker.
Captains F. D. Webster. Twentieth Infantry;
C. B, Howland Twenty-first Infantry; L. H.
Bash, Seventh Infantry; A. L. Parmenter,
Twenty-first Infantry; H. W. Rhodes, assistant
Coast and Geodetic Survey: Frank Geere; flrst
claes inspector of construction; A. H. Keleher,
Dr. R. C. Rogers, Dr. T. W. Perkins and Dr.
W. V. Kellogg. .
Miss Jean Allen, Miss Joauna B. Casey, Miss
Mary J. Kennedy and Miss Lena Lude Konkle,
army nurses.
Mrs. C. W. Miner, Mrs. Ik W. V. Kennon,
Mrs. . Omer Bundy, Mrs. W. . F. Gleason, Mrs.
M. L. Crimmins, Mrs. C- B. Clark, Mrs. F. D.
Webster and child. Miss Angel, Mrs. T. C.
Woodbury. Miss E. B. Woodbury. Mrs. F. G.
Lawton and Infant, Mrs. H. F. Dalton and
Infant, Mrs. J. M. Graham, and" infant, Mrs.
J. J. Miller, Mrs. J. L. Hunt, Mrs. B. A. Poore
and children, Mrs. D. W. Ryther and' son, Mrs.
M. S. Alford, Miss M. M. Alford, Miss M. McR.
Alford and Miss I. G. AJford. Mrs.' Frank
Morton and son, Mrs. R. Donaldson, Miss A.
Schneiderbauer, Miss Ella . Dunn, Mrs. A. L.
Parmenter. ¦ " "•.•• .. '
Lahan, from New York, for Gibraltar, Naples
and Genoa.'
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June SI — Stmr Etru
ria, .from New York via Queenstown; stmr
Chirg Wo, from Tacoma via Yokohama, etc.
MOVILLE— Arrived June 22— Stmr Lauren
tian, from New York, for. Glasgow; stmr Tu
nisian, from Montreal and Quebec, for London
(and both proceeded). /
| Sailed . June 21 — Stmr Furnessla, from Glas
gow, for New York.
HAMBURG — Arrived June 22— Stmr Prin
zessln Victoria Luise, from New York, Ply
mouth and Cherbourg.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed June 22— Stmr Lu
cania, from Liverpool, for New York.
MONTEVIDEO— Sailed June 21— Stmr Wil
helmina, for Tacoma, St. Vincent, C. V. I.,
etc.
BOSTON— Arrived June 22— Stmr Mercer,
from Liverpool.
. PHILADELPHIA— Arrived June 23^Strar
Corean, from Glasgow via St. Johns, N. F.,
and Halifax, N. S.: stmr Weaternland. from
Liverpool. • ¦
Obtains Release From Quarantine Early Sunday Morning and
Steams to Angel Island, Where Casuals and Discharged
' Men Disembark, While Slocum Takes Officers to^City
TRANSPORT SH ERMAN LANDS
ITS SOLDIER PASSENGERS
MISPLACED SWITCH
/ CAUSES BAD WRECK
______ •
Two Trainmen Are Killed and a
. Number of Passengers Receive
Minor Injuries.
ST. PAUL, June 22.— A passenger train
on the Sioux City branch of the Chi
cago, St. ' Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha
Railroad, due to arrive in St. Paul at
7:25 a. m., jumped the track near Ash
ton, Iowa, early to-day. Two trainmen
•were killed, five others seriously hurt,
and a ". number of passengers received
minor injuries. The dead:
C. J. Robinson, Sioux City, Iowa, mail
clerk.
Barrett, fireman, terribly scalded, died
shortly after being taken from under en
gine.
The injured; Jamea Erskine, " St.' Paul,
mail clerk, hurt about back and head,
serious. • F. E. -Weston, St, Paul, mall
clerk, badly scalded, by escaping steam,
serious. C. H. Hall, St. Paul, mall clerk,
hurt about back and ' head; Berioiis. \V"
S. Thompson, St. Paul, mail clerk, hurt
about back and head; serious.
The engineer of the; train., name not
ascertained, was badly hurt but will re
cover. " ¦ .;¦;¦:. \ ••¦¦•..
The passengers injured were attended
by surgeons who were brought to the
scene on a wrecking train, and, all were
able Ito continue their . journey.
The cause of the wreck is said to have
been a misplaced switch. The train was
running at a high rate of speed, and when
it left the track the 'mail cars and smoker
piled up on top of the engine.' The sleep
ing cars also left the track, but did not
overturn. The injured mall clerks were
brought to a St. Paul hospital, while the
others were | taken . to Minneapolis for
treatment. • _,- - s
Cuts Watchman" With Knife.
William • Moore, a laborer, was arrested yes
terday morning: by Watchman F. Prideaux and
Officer W. J, i Mullender while trying to break
Into some cargo on the Mission-street wharf.
Moore had a knife in Nils hand, which ho
drew Bharply across Prldeaux' s hand, while re
sisting • arrest, • and inflicted a ¦ severe- wound.
Moore was locked up at the Harbor police sta
tion and charged with petty larceny.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1902.
9
OCEAN" STEAMEBS.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ONE of the finest homes In Alameda at a
; bargain; exceedingly easy terms. The In-
vestors* Agency. 137 Montgomery st.. S. F.
ALAMEDA HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
TO let — 2 or 3 large furnished rooms for house-
keeping, or with board. 1309 Santa Clara
ave.. Alameda. ;
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
STOP PAYING RENT. .
OWN YOUR OWK'HOMK.
Our plan enables you to buy your own lot
where you please, -build according to your
own plans, selecting your own architect and
contractor. The plan offered by the Berkeley
Equitable Building Association .is the easiest
and best plan ever Introduced \o the! public.
Eee our tables and convince yourself; only $8
. per month pays for your home; no interest.
Home office at 2131 Stanford place, Berkeley.
Branch office Lorln P. O.. and room 39. Ne-
vada block. San Francisco. W. C. MORAN,
secretary and manager. Agents wanted.
I HAVE for sale a splendidly built house of 12
rooms; fine cemented basement and^arge at-
tic; completed one year ago; lot 70x160; fine
view; street work all done, and connected with
bath, gas and electric lights; any one want-
Ing a thoroughly good house can get a bar-
gain in this. JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate.
Berkeley Station. • '
$3750— A WELL-BUILT house of 7 rooms (4
bedrooms), gas and electric lights; lot 50x
157; very convenient to electric cars and
station. JOS. J. MASON. Berkeley Station.
COTTAGE — 8 rooms, modern convenience, bath,'
etc.; easy payments. MURDOCK, 514 Pine.
Joseph J. Mason, real estate & insurance agent;'
. choice property a specialty. Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale — New 9-room house; every modern
convenience; 11th ave. .and East 18th St.;
large lot; low- prlct; easy terms. B. H.
WELCH & CO.. 5th ave. and E. 18th St..
Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE good and cheap thla month. H.
SCHELLHAAS. 40S Eleventh at.. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.'
A QUIET and pleasant home for housekeeping;
suite of furnished sunny rooms; all complete;
gas. bath free; near school and park; rent
. reasonable.. St. James. McAllister and La-
gum sts.
AUSTIN ave.. 102, off Polk St., bet. Bush and
Pine — 2 or 3 housekeeping ¦ rooms.
FIFTH, 353 — Furnished housekeeping. 3, $14;
2 beds, 3. $20; 2 beds, bath, 2. $15; single, $4.
FOLSOM, 834 — In bay-window flat; kitchen,
bath, 2 single rooms; together or separate.
FOURTH, 237 — Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping for man and wife; inquire fruit
store.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622 — Sunny, bay window
suite of 2 front .rooms; gas range, bath, etc.
GOLDEN GATE ave.,, 847, opposite Jefferson
square — Furnished rooms; housekeeping; refs.
. LASKIE, 27, near Ninth, off Mission* — Sunny
; parlor, furnished, and 2 furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; rent cheap.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
• NINTH, 113 — 2 sunny, front rooms for house-
keeping; running water; reasonable.
1 OAK, 117 — Newly furnished sunny suites, $14
and $15; sink, gas range, bath, laundry,
; phone; adults.
. PINE, 655— Single and connecting furnished or
j unfurnished housekeeping; reasonable.
. STOCKTON. 1206— Model house; newly fur-
; nlshed; free gas; housekeeping; $5 to $10;
1 eunny; bath. ¦
• VALENCIA, 822 — Two sunny suites for house-
keeping; electric lights; bath.
I CLAESIFD3D advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore.
; A BRANCH offloe for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
. Valencia st. ' ' ¦
I ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Infurn.
! ANGELUS. NOW OPEN
New fireproof brick building; 90 elegantly
' furnished rooms and suites; marine view. 530
; Stockton et.. bet. Bush and Pine.
[ ARGYLE Hotel, 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; 75c day upward; McAllister cars to
: door;, handsomest grill room in California.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 p-.r night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
i light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
i* AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.); rooms 25c, 60c. - $1, $1 50 night.
$1 50 to $10 per week; house open all night.
BURNETT, 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
i nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
i mm^^^_^ ¦ .
' BUSH, 912, has changed hands; large sunny
furnished or unfurnished rooms for gentle-
i .men; all. modern conveniences; rents reason-
able; desirable location; near Jones at.; ref-
erences required.
CLAY 1026 — t unfurnished 'rooms, good order
' for housekeeping; bath; $13.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
1 EDDY,, 217 — Sum>y furnished rooms, $1 60 per
• week up; transient. 50c and $1.
t" EDDY, 316 — Elegantly furnished sunny front
suite; piano; '.every convenience; reasonable.
" EUROPEAN HOTEL,. 930 Market st., opp. Eml
porium— Opened for permanent, guests June
| 20th; new management; refurnished: strictly
! first class; will give special Inducements to
parties securing rooms during this month;
rates per month; elegant bay-window suites,
Market-st. side. $30; smaller suites, nicely
• furnished, $20; single rooms, $7 to $10. Phone
Main 160S. -
ELEVENTH, 253 — A large sunny furnlihed
rocm to let; reasonable.
1 ELLIS, 321 (Mozart) — Nicely. turn, rooms, 35c,
$1 50 night; $1 50, $6 week; open all night.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1050— Well furnished
large sunny room; private family; free phone.
' Grand Southern, 7th & Mission — Rooms 35c to
(1 50 night; $1 75 to $5 week; reading room.
LEAVENWORTH. Ill 4 A — Newly furnished
eunny parlor room; $15; bath, gas, phone.
MINNA, 067. corner 8th— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1574, near Eleventh— Clean, cheerful
room, suitable for 1 or 2 persons, $1 50.
O'FARRELL, 20 — Sunny . furnished rooms. and
offices; elevator; elecr lights; day. week, mo.
POST, 404. cor. Powell, facing Union square —
Sunny rooms and offices; suitable physician
or dentist. . •¦ ¦•
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis — Incandescent light,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 CO; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
.floor; rooms with hot and cold water; bath*.
SHERMAN Apartment- House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished; also 3 unfurnished.
RUPTURE and piles cured; no pay until cured;
no operation; no detention from business; all
. private diseases treated successfully; consul-
tation free. Drs. Forden & Porterfleld,6Turk.
DR C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market et.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
Cataracts cured by absorption; rectal diseases
without operation. Dr. Ball. 1073^4 Market.
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY For Sale
ORCHARD Home, near Los Gatos, Santa Clara
County, on Loa Gatoa and Saratoga aves.;
beautiful location; climate unsurpassed ; ten
minutes' driva from station; neighborhood
desirable; 40 acres, all of which Is In cr-
chatd; S2 acres in bearing; balance will bear
fruit nest year; there is a crop of fruit, es-
t* mated at J2000; agricultural Implements
end tools, fruit boxes, drying trays, wagons,
etc., included.
The rtsidetfee i« on«-etory. contains 0
rooms. In perfect condition, modern finish;
good stable, tank-house, tank, etc; good
¦well water; large ornamental trees, lawn and
flowers; a beautiful and healthly home, and
profitable; price $16,000.
Address JAMES A. CLAYTON & CO..
84 West Santa Clara st., San Jose.
457 ACRES botton land; best quality; all tin-
der cultivation; fence and irrigation; mostly,
hay and grain; good dairy property; 10-room
dwelling; 4-room tenant house; 4 large barns,
. crtamery, etc.; 18 h. p. engine; fixtures mak-
ing butter and cheese; cream separator for
1500 lbs milk per hour; all fanning machin-
ery; spring water system to dwellings; 64
registered Holstein cows; 25 good horses;
ee'.I with or without stock; also easy pay-
• Ecents. \
Many other properties. See list In Tues-
day's Call. JAS. O. BEARD. 476-« Parrott
building; hours. 10 to 12, 2 to 4.
— — FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Email tracts. $60 to $90 p*r acre, on Kencho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co., future value assured, a«
Ea.n Francisco is growing rapidly; location
Xtttl for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 802 California et.. for
pamphlet and information.
LIVERMORE Valley vineyards for sale, $3500
up; small cash payment, balance 0 per cent;
profits better than fruit; climate unsurpassed.
EL P. FLINT, 1118 Broadway, Oakland. 1
ASK for our ilat of euburh&n and country
properties; land department. AMERICAN
GUARANTY & TRUST CO., Hay ward bldg..
San Francisco. ¦
BARGAIN' — For eale or rent, 4% acres near
£s.n Mateo: level: improvements; good eoll.
HUSIKG, San Mateo. or C34 Market st.
COLONY tracts, eEtates, ranches, ranges, tim-
ber, mines. EMMONS & SON, Mills bldg.
LAND bargains; new catalogue cent free.
Wooeter, Whitton & Montgomery, C3-4 Market.
Write Wells, Eaundem & Co.. Petaluma. for
Hit cf bargalng in fruit and chicken ranches.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada «r-' ffear for ' $L
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHAHF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai anil
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for In-
dia, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
6S. HONGKONG MARU
.'... Saturday. June 23. 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU Thursday. July 24. 1303
BS. AMERICA MARU -
Saturday. August 16. 1909
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapors;
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, pier 10, 12 m.
AREQUIPA. July l!GUATEMALA...Aug. 3
PERU July 23 COLOMBIA Aug. 15
These steamers aro built expressly for Cen-
tral and- South American passenger service.
(No change at .Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. SI 6 California st. ».
BALFOUB. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
ftoaanli* € f? a* A iUWA!! > MilM < Az *
9ccanics.5.to, sb-kb
SS. ZEALANDIA, for Honolulu
.' Monday, June 23. 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday, July 3, 10 a, m,
SS. AUSTRALIA. . for Tahiti
Tuesday, July 15, 10 a. m.
I. P. SPBECIH.S k BEQS.CQ., Geaeral Altl, 329M2IfcE
fin'l fla. Cfflcs, £43 Maiist it. Pier S3. 7. Pacilc 31
COMPAONIB 6ENSBALE TBAKSATLASTiqUB,
E1KECT LINK TO HAVRK-4*AK1S».
falling every Thursday, instead of <2!SjSEn
Saturday, at 10 a. to., from Pier 42, JFiiawW*
North River, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. <?0 and upward. Second
class to Havre. $43 and upward. GENERAU
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. • 32 Broadway (Hudson building). N«w
York. J. F. FUGAZI tt CO.. Paclfio Coajt
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets - aold . by all Raiload Ticket . Agent*.
AMERICAN LIXE.
NEW YORK. SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON.
Kensing*n.July 1. 2 pmlPhila. ...July 9. 10 am
St. Louis. July 2. 10 ami St. Paul-July 18. 10 am
HED STAR LIXK.
NEW YORK, ANTWERP, PARIS.
Zeeland.-.JuIy 5. noonlVaderl'd. July 19, noon
Friesland.July 12, noon!Kroonr"d, July 26, noon
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. P. TAYLOR,G.A.P.C.,30 Montgom'y st.
EAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
FOR uTllAV^ABD^^
Steamere GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
6:45 a. m.. 3:19 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sum- -
day. Eunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave*
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon, 6 p. m.," except
Eunday. Sunday, 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Far* 311
cents. Telephone Main 1508. T<andlqf and
office, pier 2. Mlaslon-ati««t dock. JtATCM
BROS.'
TOYO EI5EN KAISBA.
And Short Rail Line From Portland to All
Points East. Through Tickets to All
Points, all Rail or Steamship and Rail, al
ZiCWXiST Xt^TSS.
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails. .June 22. July 2, 12. 22
SS. GEO. W. ELDER Sails.. June 27. July 7. 17
Steamer sails from foot of Spear-st.. lla. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt, 1 Mong"y,S.F.
PORTLAND, Or.,
ONLY STEAMSHIP LINE TO
O. R. & N. CO.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ATLANTA Hotel, 452 Ellis— This new,' strictly
' modern, first-class hotel will be opened July
20; rooms can now be reserved on the prem-
ises; electric light and elevator; private
baths; single and suits; hot and cold
water; eteam heat; telephones on every floor.
HOTEL Dartmouth — New family hotel, about
completed, will be ready for guests July 1;
strictly modern house, first-class in all its ap-
pointments:, can be inspected now; will be
conducted in strictly select and first-class nfan-
ner. 865 Post st. bet. Leavenworth and Hyde.
THE MCALLISTER, 503 Van Ness ave.; just
. opened; elegantly furnished suite or single
rooms, with or without bath; excellent table;
references. - - . . . •
HYDE, 509 — Suite newly furnished rooms;
suitable for two; board if. desired; private.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson Mansion)-^elect
family hotel; exceptional table; popular rates.
LAMBOURNE. 420 Eddy— High-class house;
furnished suites or single; steam heat.
VAN NESS, 519 — Handsome furnished sunny
suites; single rooms; first-class table board.
7£ SPECIAL NOTICES.
FREE- cure for stomach and bowel trouble;
more like a miracle than a medlcin* Is what
cured people say. Address REUNER & GOU.
LET, Station A. Sacramento. Cal.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
I city . or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
A NEW drop head 5-drawer latest improved $75
sewing machine for $16 50. ; 145 Sixth st.,
phone Howard 3264. v
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged r re-
palring; lowest rates. Tel. Green 144. 205 4th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Powell sts. ;. tel. Prlv. Ex. 571.
GOLDEN WEST Storage; advances made; 840
Mission st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuas.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 630 Market st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.: phone Jackson 281.
SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPE^WTUTERS^We
cell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main 2,88.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co., 209 Sansome.
Tl'Y PE WRITING A -MIMEOGRAPHING.
EXPERT typewiting. 4c folio; copies. 2c; mlm-
eoeraphlng. 927 Markt. rm.305 ; Howard 1539.
~ . DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
DIVIDEND Notice — Mutual Savings Bank of
San Francisco, 33 st. For - the half
year - ending June SO, 1902, a dividend - has
been declared at the rate of three (3) per
cent per annum on all deposits, free of taxes,
payable. on and after Tuesday, July 1, 1902.
GEORGE A. STORY, Cashier.
CALIFORNIA Safe Deposit and Trust Compa-
ny, corner of California and Montgomery sts.
— For the six months ending June 30. 1902,
dividends have been declared on deposits- in
savings department of this company as
follows: On term deposits at the rate cf.
3 6-10 per cent per annum, and on ¦ ordinary
deposits at the rate of 3 per cent per annum,
free of taxes and payable on and after Tues-
day. July 1. 1902. Dividends uncalled for are
added to the principal after Jftly l,>1902. J.
DALZELL BROWN. Manager. j . . ¦: ;
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION.^532 Call-
fornia St.. cor. of Webb — For the half year
ending with the 30th of June, 1002. ¦ a divi-
dend has been declared at, the rate per an-
num of three and forty-two one-hundredths
(3 42-100) per cent on term deposits, and
three (3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free
of taxes, payable on and after Tuesday, July
1. 1902. LOVELL WHITE, Cashier. >¦
THE German Savings and Loan Society, ' 526
California st. — For the half year ending with
June 30, 1902. a dividend has been: declared
at the rate of three (3) per cent per .annum
on all deposits, free of taxes, payable on and
after Tuesday, July 1, 1902. GEQRGB
TOURNY. Secretary. . - T
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHSL
. Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons, authorized to have- the same published.
>j MABRIED.^
COHEN — COHEN— In this city, June 6, 1902,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Isaac H. Cohen to
Miriam Cohen, both of this city. .
— — died. -
Aroneon, George Kelly, Edward
Augst, Joseph McElroy, Oscar
Bon, Charles A. McGrew, Nannie B.
Butler, Mary , McKnlght, Mary ¦ J.
Boucher, Charles Mesple, Ansellne
Chlsholm, Stein Quinn, Francis J.
Crosby. Amelia R. Robinson, John.B.
• Dormltz, Gustavo Rock, Catherine
Drago, George F. Sanderson, Mrs. C.E.
Edds", Joseph L. Sheridan, Andrew
Feely. Onney Thompson, Chas. i TJ
Freeman. Jacob Walsh,/ Bessie
Furst, Eva Wetmore. Waitle J.
Gerdau, August J. Wolff, Betsy .
ARONSON — In thi«" city, June 21, 1902,
George, husband of the late Kate Aronson.
and beloved father of Philip N. Aronson,
Mrs. J. 8. Ojppenheim and the late Mrs. S.
Zeklnd, a native of Germany. (Sacramento
. and Los Angeles papers please copy.) ,
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at the Synairojcue Sher-
ith Israel, corner Post and Taylor streets, at
• 10 -o'clock. Interment Hills of Eternity
Cemetery, by special train leaving Third and
Townsend streets at 12 o'clock noon. Please
omit flowers, as none will be accepted.
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL— Obse-
quies over the remains of^ our revered and
beloved past president, George Aronson, will
be conducted in the, synagogue, . corner Post
and Taylor streets, to-day (Monday), at 10
o'clock. All members of the congregation
are . expected* to pay their last tribute of re-
spect to our honored dead.
. CHARLES HARRIS, President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary. ..
OFFICERS and members of th« First Hebrew
Benevolent Society. — You are respectfully re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
member, George Aronson, from the Syna-
gogue Sherith Israel, corner Post and Tay-
lor streets, at 10 o'clock thla morning. By
order.. S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
AUGST— In this city* June 21, 1902. Joseph
Augst, dearly beloved husband of Magdalena
Augst, a native of Walk, Alsace, aged 33
years 6 months and 11 days. . ¦•. , •
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),/ at 8:15 o'clock, from his late
residence,, 199 Valencia street, between
Hermann and Thirteenth; thence to St.
Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of | his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy- Cross
Cemetery.
BON— In Oakland, June 22, 1902, Charles A.,
beloved husband of Marie I. Bon, father
of Helene and • Claire Bon and brother of
Mrs. M. E. Chauche, a native of Ban Fran-
cisco, aged 37 year* 11 months and 7 days.
E7"Frlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend funeral services Tues-
1 day morning, June 24, 1902, at 10 o'clock,
at the Sacred Heart Church, Fortieth street,
near Grove. Oakland. Interment private.
BOUCHER— In this city, June 21, 1902, at his
: residence, 417 First street, Charles, beloved
husband of the late Annie Boucher, a native
of Chatham. County of Kent, England... in
the 84th year of his age. Forty-niner.. .
• C?"Interment Monday, June 23, ¦ Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland, by l v o* clock- creek
boat. • . • • ••*,•.-
BUTLER — In this city.r-frune 20, 1902, Mary
(Birdie), beloved wife ¦ of -Harry J. Butler,
-mother of Clare and Harry Butler,' and sister
of Kate Cassidy and Thomas Gardner, a na-
tive of New York, aged /27 years and- 2
months. " ; . , • ' ¦ ¦ ¦ . . *
(ETFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-dav (Monday), at 9:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 452% Tenth
street, thence to St. Joseph's. Church, where
a solemn requiem high . mass will be'eele-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan &, Gallagher.) "
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMHALMERS "
, 20. Fifth st,, opposite Lincoln School. /
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
NEAREST THE CITY.
Office, 916 Market Street.
Telephone Bush 367.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 year* manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association; M. j;
McBrearty. with the same company i for 10
years; P. F. Green, late with J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., have opened new Funeral Par-
lors at 1171 Mission. St., between Seventh
and Eighth. Telephone South 44." .' - •¦•
I' JAMES McGINN, I
I * Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened I
I new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy et., bet.1
I -Taylor and Jones. ¦* Telephone South 576. I
LEAVE SEATTLE:
SENATOR 0 P. M., JULY 1
VALENCIA 0 P. M., JULY 1«
And fortnightly thereafter during the season.
Steamship CITY OF PUEBLA, leaving San
Francisco June 25 and July 10, 'will connect
with above steamers. The new and elegant
steamships Senator and Valencia made regular
trips to Nome last year, landing all passengers
and freight without loss, mishap or delay. For
passenger rates and Nome ¦ folder, apply
TICKET OFFICE. 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents,
C. D. DUNANN, Gen. Pms. Agt.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
K^ Steamers leave San Fraa-
Kf^jvj^ Cisco as follows:
flgS&ijfe. For Ketchlkan. Juneau.
l?M£2c*rW Ekagway. etc.. Alaska— 11 a.
IpvPiSYira m - June 15 » 2 °. 25. 30, July
: I&l^&XiM 6 > 10 - 15 - Change to com-
I iBBBrVrT^I Pany"s steamers at Seattle.
i #* lg <glBajniBl For Victoria. Vancouver,
Port Townaend, Seattle. Ta-
""^*i^ coma, Everett. Whatcom—
II a. m.. June 15. 20. 23. 30. July 5. 10, IS.
Change at Seattle to this Company's steamers
forAlaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattla or Ta-
coma to N PB!.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For E^reto (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m..
RedondoyT Baa Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
8tate of California, Thursday. 9 a. m.
For Loa Angeles (via San Pedroand East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cru*, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoa. Port Harford (San
Luis ObisDO). Ventura. Huenema and 'Newport
(•Corona only). ,„
Corona. June 19, 27. July 8, 13.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., June 13, 23, July 1, 3.
Bonlta, 9 a. m., June 3. '/-'*" -- . .
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jos« del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Pax. Santa Rosalia,
Guaymas (Mex.i— 10 a. m.. 7th each montU.
For further Iriformation obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamer* or saa-
"l^ICKET OITICE — * New Montgomery
ctreet (Palace Hotel). \- ¦¦*
C. D. DUNANN. Gen. Passenger Agent.
GOODALL^PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market rt.. San Francisco.
IT Is net daisied that Viavl can cure the In-
curable, but thousands of women who had
given up all hope of ever obtaining • relief
have been restored to health and strength by
the Viavl treatment: booklet for mothers ana
daughters mailed free. The Viavl Co., 2304
Van Ness ave.. San Francisco; tel. East 282.
IF your hair is falling. Bend for DR. G. S.
• MOORE'S Scientific Hsir Restorer, the only
remedy known to stop hair from falling and
cause hair to grow on bald heads. A positive
cure for eczema; preparation eent to all parts
«f the world: call or send for circular. DR.
G. 8. MOORE. 332 O'Farrell st.. S. F.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
cf pants free of charge; other suits on Install-
ments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St.. ¦between Seventh and Eighth.
IF MR. THOMAS MORRIS, formerly of 514B
Second St., this city, will communicate with
me he will learn something to Ills advantage
Address box 1166. Call office.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
H«itel. 44 Third st-, near Market; 700 rooms,
2oc to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
I WILL not be responsible for any debts in-
curred by my wife, MRS. ELLA ETIQUB,
having- left my bed and board. C. M.
ETIQUE.
A — WHAT do you think? O. BERMAN, 48
Ellis, makes colored ehirts to order; $1 each;
tame as white shirts; selection 300 patterns.
THE best hair dressing, any style, 25c only;
shampooing. ' 50c ; switches, wigs; hair dye-
ing by artists. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTEAL'S, 10 Sixth et. '
DRUNKEXXESS. morphine end all drug dis-
eases positively cured by The Willow Bark
Co.. 1S39 Polk st.. S. F. ; consultation free.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, 52 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO... 1"1O-1S12 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
NOW ready — June styles Standard Patterns;
a:! the newest designs for summer goods. J
W. EVAN'S. ltCl Market gt., near Sixth.
AT Ices inen ccst. uncalled-for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS',. London
• taller. -- C^l MbW<-t Pt. -.--¦» — ••— — .»— -.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1119 Sutter Et.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, %\ 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny Et_, near Pine.
FIXE SUITS. $10: dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SENSATIONAL book for men; postage 2 cents.
WILLIAMS & CO.. 140 Geary Et.
ANDERSON, theatrical costumer; private the-
atricals; masquerades supplied. 26 O'Farrell.
ACTIXA restores the eyes and ears to health.
Bold by A'VIDA CO.. 763 Valencia, cor. 19th.
SUPERFLUOUS hair, moles, etc., permanently
removed, electric needle. Mrs.Cook.426 Sutter.
RUPTURE cured; no operation, pain or lost
time. Fidelity Rupture Cure. 26% Keamy.
TAILOR-MADE euits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
and mole? destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton, 427 Sutter.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles destroyed
by electricity. 1719 Buchanan; teL West 259.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles removed by
. electric needle.Dr.&Mrs..Traverse,1170Market.
ALFREDMUS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; 11; at all druggists'.
ONE MINUTE TOOTHACHE DROPS CURE
instantly; 10c and 25c. All druggists.
DYSPEPSIA and constipation cured; box free.
C. H. ROWAN. North Milwaukee. Wls.
MASQUERADE coetumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
best corn cure, 25c; all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
PERSONALS.
AUCTION SALES
2a&. 3b£
Absolute Dispersal Sale at Auction
TROTTING-BRED BROOD
MARES, COLTS AND FILLIES
From the GABILAN STOCK FARM of HON.
JESSE "D. CARR. Salinas, Cal.
THURSDAY, JUNE 26. 1902, at II a. m..
AT SALESYARD. 1732 Market St.. corner Van
Ness ave., San Francisco. Cal.
Electioneer. Boodle. Wilkes and Mambrino
Patchen Blood, backed by that of the great
Williamson's Belmont. One of the grandest
collections of Brood Mares. Colts and Fillies
ever offered in California. Mares with coif,
by and in foal to Bocdle Jr. 34,835i Nutwood
Wilkes 2:16^, Ecce 15,993, HaSjbletonlan
Wilkes 1679 and other high-class} stallions.
Horses at yard June 22. Catalogues flow ready.
FRED H. CHASE & CO..
Successors to Kiilip & Co.,
,^___^__^_^__ Livestock Auctioneers.
REGULAR WEEKLY AUCTION.
If you want to sell anything or buy anything
wait for our auctions. We have a large as-
sortment of HORSES to cult any business:
also a lot of WAGONS, BUGGIES. CARTS
and HARNESS. GROVE- ST. STABLES.
Grove st., bet. Polk st. and Van Ness ave.,
THURSDAY, June 2C.
MADIGAN, O'NEILL & CO.. -
¦ -" Livestock Auctioneer*.
JUST ARRIVED AND MUST BE SOLD, a
car of GOOD GENTLE HORDES; also wagons,
surreys, buggies and carts; at 1140 Folsom St..
TUESDAY. June 24, at 11 a. m.
£$ 5^>
Some GENTLE DRIVING AND WORK
HORSES cheap at
STEWART'S HORSE MARKET.
721 HOWARD STREET. *V
.grcji!'.-. R STATE— CjT Y— FOR S ALE.
OW^'ERS of property north of Broadway to
the bay and from Van Ness ave. to the Pre-
sidio line who wish to sell call on the under-
signed; a moderate-priced residence wanted
to purchase; two cheap residences of 5 to 6
rooms each and vacant lots in the district
named wanted to purchase. W. J. GUNN 530
California st. (Savings Union bldg.). between
Montgomery and Kearny.
CORNER Pacific and Mason; floor of 7 rooms
and bath; all front rooms; two toilets; mod-
ern plumbing; rent $35. BURNHAM &
MARSH CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
YOU will never secure a suburban home in
eight of "Old Ocean" as cheap as now; cot-
tages and building lots at a bargain. THIS-
TLETON. 272 Sadowa St.. Ocaan View.
WANTED — Improved business property east of
Larkin St.; state details, Income, etc. Box
1169. Call office.
LOT. cor. King and Prince ets., 80x120; cheap.
Call at 506 Castro st.. S. F.
\— DR ODONNELL, world-renowned Epecial-
" i=t —Ladies, all who are sick or in trouble.
consult the specialist on female complaints;
menstrual female complaints positively cor-
•¦«'cted - the unfortunate helped; relief in all
oa=es taken: the most difficult cases treated;
•-ave relieved thousands of most obstinate
oases- free, confidential advice on all subjects
m of a 'delicate nature. JDR. G. W. O'DON-
* NELL, office & residence. 1018 Mkt.. op. 5th.
ms DR. KOHL— Well-known, reliable ladies'
rpecialist; instant relief guaranteed; home in
confinement. lOOS^ Market et., opp. Fifth.
MRS. DR. WYETH— Well-known ladles' spe-
cialist; 30 years' experience; private home In
confinement. Moved to 72S Post St., nr. Jones.
A— DR. ROSEN; this specialist exercises the
most important of modern principles in treat-
ing and curing female complaints: ladles all
who ere sick or In trouble, obtain the best
consideration and skill, absolutely essential to
normal results; fee low. 1007^ Market st.
MRS. SWEET. 60C Guerrero— Graduate Royal
University: 25 years' experience in midwifery
takes ladies before and during confinement;
Infant? adopted; reasonable. Tel. Blue 411.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, ladies' reliable epecial-
iFt; maternity hospital; home for infants
free; fee low. Moved to 118 Eddy st..nr. Mkt.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low>ees.
Mrs. Dr. Wiener, formerly G. G. ave., now 210
Eddy et.— Home for patients; babies adopted.
DR^J AXD MRS - DAVIES and HINDOHERB
original method of treatment. 1126 Market.
LADIES — Kumrond Is safe & sure; never fails;
price S2. Gleason's drug store.Clay& Kearny.
DR. NG TOY KEE. 210 Stockton St.. (opposite
union Square; all diseases cured by herbs.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
» LARGE etore with high basement, fronting on
* 2 et«.; below Kearny et. 636 Clay St.. room 1.
OIL.
McKEJCZIE & CARLSEN, members Producers'
Oil Exchange, buy and eell oil stocks, oil
lands and investment securities. 137 Mont-
gomery et.. room 32.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
20 ACRES 8 miles east of Berkeley; part wood-
¦ ed; splendid pasture; for smaller place, nearer
Alameda, $1500; 10 acres; half In fruit; good
crops; in Novato; for residence near park,
$900. A. W. BELL, 417 Parrott building.
WE buy, sell and exchange city and country
property: loans and Investments negotiated.
McKENZIE & CARLSEN, 137 Mont'y, r. 32.
FOR sale or exchange for 8. F. paying proper-
ty. 1 of the finest ranches in Sonoma Valley.
Ads. R. Clark, Agna Callente. Sonoma Valley.
SMALL ranch and clear lots for 20 or 30 room
lodging-house. Box 1168. Call.
JiME. O. L. NEERGAARD reads 1 to 1 700
Post et., comer of Jones; phone Polk 837.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ;tel. Black 561,
FALMISTRV.
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 10 o'clock. Interment - Holy Cross
Cemetery. .
CHISHOLM— In Fort Logan, Colo., Stein, be-
loved son of W. H. Chiiholm, a native ' of
San Francisco,' aged 21 years, h . ~
CROSBY — Suddenly, in this city,. June 21,
" 1902, Amelia. R.. beloved wife of H. T. Cros-
by, a native of ¦Baltimore, .Md., aged 55 years
2 months and 14 days.
DORMITZ— In this city, June 22, 1902, Gus-
tave Dprmitz. intimate. friend of Mrs. Meta
Eggers of 540 Hoff avei\qe,- a native of the
province of Posen, Prussia, aged ¦ 59 years
. 6 months and 22 days.
CyRemains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street. .
DRAGO— In this city. June 22, 1902, at the
residence, 608 Linden avenue, " George F., be-
loved son of Frank and Aggie Drago, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 4 months and 26
days. .,
EDDS — In this' city, June 21, 1902, Joseph L.
Edds, beloved brother of Mr. Edds, late with
Santa Clara Dairy Company,', a native of
Kentucky, aged about 30»ears.
E7" Remains at Charles m. B. Metzler's un-
dertaking parlors, 63<5 Washington street.
FEELY— In this city, June 20. . 1902, Onhey
Feely, beloved mother ( of John Feely, Mrs.
M. E. Wormuth and i Mrs. L. Cunningham,
. and sister of Mrs. Anna Keenan and the late
Mrs. B. Casidy, James Keenan and Mrs. K.
Boland, a native of County SHgo. , Ireland,
aged 64 years. * ¦,
'[EFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
¦ (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a .re-
| quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
r'of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter--
- ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FREEMAN— In this city, June 21, 1902, Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Elizabeth Free-
man and. idolized father of Louise, Lizzette,
Alice, Amelia and Jennette Freeman, a na-
' tive of Baden. Germany, aged 79 years 10
months and 26 days.
IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ' invited to attend funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 21 Fair avenue, between Mission
street and California avenue, thence to St.
' Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass- will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'cloclejisj Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
FURST — In this city, June 21. 1902, Eva, be-
loved wife of A. W. Furst. daughter of S.
! Morgenstern, and sister of Mrs. Henry-
Mayer, Mrs. Theo. Mayer. Mrs. D. L. Nel-
son and Louis Morgenstern. a native of San
' Francisco, aged 43 yean.
E7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
! fully -invited to attend the funeral Monday,
' at 10 o'clock, from her late residence, 56
i Pierce street. Interment New - Salem Ceme-
tery, by li:30 o'clock traln'from Third and
i Townsend streets. ~ " x
GERDAU — In Llvermore, June 20, 1902," Au-
gust J.. beloved husband of Minnie H. Ger-
dau, father of Walter J. Gerdau, and brother
of Henry J. Gerdau, a native of Germany,
aged 48 years 7 months and 15 days.
I ¦ ETFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully' invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock from the family resi-
dence, 2614 H<3ward street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemtetery, by electric car from
Eighteenth . and Guerrero streets.
KELLY — In this city, June 21, 1902, Edward
Kelly, beloved son of Katherlne Kelly and
brother of Daniel Kelly and Mrs. Downs
and Mrs. Stroyen, a native of Scotland, aged
42 years. . . . •
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 57 Clementina street, between First
and Second, thence to St. Brendan's Church
for services, commencing at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
McELROY — In this city, June 22, 1902, Oscar
McElroy, beloved husband of Hannah Me-'
Elroy- and father of Bert McElroy and the
late Sadie Jud«on. McElroy, a native of Dor-
chester, Mass., aged 60 years and 1 day.
McGREW— In this city, June 22, 1902, Nannia
Bell, beloved wife of the late Archibald F.
McGrew and mother of Arthur J. and Al-
mont F. ! McGrew, a native of Kansas, aged
53 years 9 months and 28 days.
K7 Remains at the parlors of H. F. Suhr
& Co., 1137 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth,
McKNIGHT — In this city, June 20, 1902, Mary
Jane McKnight, a native of Scotland, aged
65 years 3 months and 17 days.
(E?"Frlends and acquaintances are'respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
June 23, 1902, at 1 o'clock, from her late
residence, 120 California avenue, thence to
the United Presbyterian Church, corner of
Polk street and Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery. .
MESPLE— An anniversary mass will be cele-
brated at the French Church on Bush street,
Monday, June 23, at 9 o'clock, for the repose
' of the soul of -Ansellne Mesple. Friends and
¦acquaintances are respectfully invited.
QUINN— In this city, June 22, 1902, at the
residence, 1259 Ninth avenue, between H and
.1 streeU, Francis J. Qulnn, beloved infant
son of John and Mary Quinn, a native of
San Francisco, aged 16 days. :
ROBINSON — In this city, June 21, John B.,
beloved husband of Mary Wylle Robinson,
a native of Michigan, aged 65 years. . ¦"
ROCK-^Entered into rast, Jun« 22» 1902, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of Joseph F. Rock and
sister of Mrs. James Reilly, a native of San
I Francisco. . -¦.;.- .
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday) at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1069 York street, thence to St. Peter's
Church, .where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery. • ...
SANDERSON— In Oakland. June 21, 1902, Mrs.
C. E. Sanderson, mother of W. N. Sander-
son, Mrs. M. J. Grases, Mrs. Florence Will-
son and Mrs. Sarah' E. Collins, a native of
; Georgia. ...r . . / . . . : -. ,. ¦
IE?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• • fully, invited., to attend the funeral Monday,
June 23, at 2 o'clock, from the Flfteerith-
¦ street A. M. E. Church. Interment. Moun-
tain Vfew Cemetery.
SHERIDAN— In this city, June 22, 1902, An-
drew Sheridan, beloved husband of the late
Elizabeth Sheridan and brother of Peter F.
Sheridan, a native of County Louth, Ireland,
aged 75 years. ' • ¦
THOMPSON— In this city, June 22, 1002,
Charles Dexter, dearly beloved son of Charles
- and Mamie Thompson, brother of Mar-
guerite, Virginia, Myrtle and the late Victor
Thompson and grandson of Thomas and Mar-
garet TIerney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 6 months and 2 days.
WALSH— In this city. June 22. 1902, at the
residence, 482 Tehama street, Bessie, beloved
daughter of Patrick and Mary A. Walsh, a
native of San Francisco, aged 4 months and
18 days. ' .
WETMORE— In this city, June 21, 1902,
Waitle -Jane Wetmore.
(£7Frlend8 and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully, invited to' attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11. o'clock, from the residence
of W. B. Wetmore, 420 Bartlett street. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by train. ,
WOLFF— In this city, June 22, 1902, Betsy
Wolff, wife of the late Harris Wolff, mother
of Isidore and William Wolff, Mary Samuels
and Rosa Wolff, a native of.Rlpeen, Poland,
' aged 92 years. •¦¦ ¦
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association.
Funeral Conductors
'\ (FOR CREMATION OI^LY).
Funeral rooms- — 429 Golden Gate ave.; tele-
phone South 934. ' ¦ . . • ,
Oakland office — 1004 Broadway; telephone
Clay 701. '
¦ Main office at cemetery, I Point Lobos ave.,
I San Francisco; telephone -West 896. -• '
• Prices of cremation — Ad'jUs over 15 years
of age, $25; children under 15 years ' of age,
$15. Circulars mailed to any address on ap-
plication. GEO. T. BOHEN. Pres,
GEO. PENLINGTON. Sec. .
MEDICAL,.DENVER, June 22.— W. N. Hartshorn,
chairman Qf the programme committee of
the tenth^ international 'Sunday-school
convention, which, meets here next week,
met with the colored people at Zion's
Baptist Church to-day and- the question
of the seating, of colored delegates was
amicably settled. s The colored delegates
will enter the convention on the same
footing as the white delegates.
Colored Delegates Will Be Seated.
Game in. season for lunch at Cafe-Zln
kand properly cooked, properly served. •*
Miss Maria McCarthy, the young lady
who sustained a fractured spinal column
by being thrown from her buggy Satur
day in Golden Gate Park, is still uncon
scious and in a very precarious condi
tion. She was removed from the Park
Emergency Hospital yesterday to the
Waldeck Sanatorium, where she is being
attended by Dr. Rodgers. '
Is Still Unconscious.
Seventy-Two Dollars and Forty Cents
To Minneapolis and return. On July first
and second the Santa' Fe will sell tickets
at this low rate, account the annual meet
ing of the National Educational Associa
tion. Return limit August 31, 1902. Special
side ride rates to the Grand Canyon will
be granted to holders of these tickets
Call upon or write to the Santa Fe ticket
agent, 641 Market st., for folder and full
particulars.
The eleventh annual picnic of the Verein
Oesterreich was held yesterday at the Ger
mania Gardens. Harbor View. The day
being everything' that a day could be for
an outing, there came to the picnic a
large number not only of the members of
the Verein Oesterreich, but their friends
also. Games were played and several per
sons competed for a bowling prize. The
tombola gave numerous chances, and
arms were full of prizes won at the wheel.
A capital v band discoursed music until late
in the evening, to which the young and
their elders danced.
Verein Oesterreich Picnic.
The body was removed to the Morgue?
It was later Identified by C. Pozzo of 12
Belgium avenue.
Joseph Poggi, a fisherman of Port Costa,
was found dead In a room, at the lodging
house at 210 Montgomery street about S
o'clock yesterday morning with the gas
turned on. The door was bolted from th©
inside and had to be forced open by Po
licemen ,Joy and Gruenwald, who had
been notified by the proprietor, C. D. El
camp, that something was The
body was In a nude state and was lying
on the floor. . ' -I
"The officers notified police headquarters
and Detectives McMahon and Whltaker
went to the room and made an "investi
gation. They found $155 in gold, $6 90 in
silver, a silver watch and a silver chain
in . the clothing of the dead man, but
nothing that would lead to his Identity.
He rented the room -on June 20, but did
not give any name. The detectives came
to the conclusion that death was acci
dental and so reported to Captain Mar
tin. •
Joseph Poggi, Fishe t rman, Asphyxi
ated in a Montgomery-Street
Lodging-House., {
FOUND DEAD IN BOOM
WITH GAS TURNED ON
"All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name," con
gregation; responsive Scripture reading and
prayer, led b.y Dr. Wilson; "Bringing In the
Sheaves;" congregation; "Welcome," Marion*
Kisfcer; ;"Llttle Blossoms," three little girls;
"NearerA My God, to Thee," tableau; "Little
Soldiers of the King," six little boys; "Chil
dren" - (acrostic), eight girls; "Our Lord's
Prayer in Rhyme," Gladys Gardner; "Content
ment Better Than Riches," Earl Gillette and
Willie Bright; "I'll Be a Sunbeam," Merle
Capel; remarks by the superintendent. Axel L».
Larson; "The Life Boat," eight boys; "Nobody
Cares for Baby," Cecil Dawson; "Do Not For
bid the Children," .Irene Gardner; "Death's
Blunder," Mlgnon Hoyt: "Rock of Ages,"
Leona Burgess; "Jesus, Give Me a Mamma,"
Graydon Dawson; "Little Friends of Jesus,"
Sunday' school; "Ruth's Faith ¦ in Prayer,"
Helen -Travis; "America," Maude Coggins;
"Good Night," Myrtle Smith; "Closing Ad
dresp," Floyd Clark; "God Be With You 'Till
We Meet Again," congregation; benediction,
Dr. John A.' B. Wilson ;'doxology, congregation.
An entertainment v that was very meri
torius was given last\ night by the chil
dren of the Howard Methodist . Church,
643 Howard street. The event was chil
dren's day, and everything was dona
creditably by the little ones, even to the
addresses. The tableaux were beautiful,
the effects bringing forth great applause.
A collection was taken for the educa
tional fund for Methodist theological stu
dents. • »' 0
The programme was as follows:
Young People Work to Secure Funds
for the Methodist Theological
Education Fund.
LITTLE CHILDREN GIVE
FINE ENTERTAINMENT
The Baron . has traveled extensively In
Africa and Asiatic Turkey, and has writ
ten a book entitled 'From the Mediter
ranean to the Persian Gulf" as a result
of his journeys. The book is profusely
illustrated with photos that he took
himself. He bears letters of introduction
to some of the 'representative citizens in
S*in Francisco.
On this account the Baron has been
sent to America to learn in what way the
United States Government and the Legis
latures of the respective States assist
roads here. He is also anxious to learn
wnat benefits are derived by a railroad
traversing a fertile country.
The proposeu road will be 2000 miles
long, from the present surveys, and will
be laid (through Assyria and Babylonia.
About 200 milea of the track has already
been laid out of Constantinople. The
Baron thinks it will be three or four
years before the road is finally com
pleted.
Among the arrivals at the Palace Is
Baron Oppenheim, Imperial Ger
man counselor of the legation at Cairo.
The distinguished visitor is detailed by
his Government to study the railway situ
ation in this country. A 'new railroad is
shortly to be constructed between Con
stantinople and the Persian Gulf. This
road will ! bo built by German capital,
and it will be under the supervision of
the German Government.
Is * Imperial Counselor at
His Country's Cairo
Legation.
Baron Oppenheim Here
in Interest of Ger
man Capital.
MAKING STUDY
OF RAILROADS
'. More than half 'a million visitors passed
through the gates at New York's zoolog-
The Central Police Station was notified
yesterday that about a dozen men were
Crap Players Arrested.
¦ Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Mchard & Cp., 406 Clay. •
With a trunk or a grip? If so, select from
our carload stock at our carload prices.
All leather goods, including ladies' pock
etbooks, cameras and card cases, lettered
in gold free of charge. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Off for a Trip?
Four sailors, John Sorgensen, Charles
Blarick, Thomas Perez and Frank Rod
riguez, went on a spree yesterday, and
as a windup Sorgensen* was landed in
the ' city prison, charged with having
robbed Rodriguez of a watch and $9.25,
while Perez .and Blanck are being held
by the police on suspicfon that they may
have knowledge of the theft. Rodriguez,
the man who was robbed, a Peruvian by
birth, accus.es Sorgensen of . the crime,
while Perez \claims that he saw Blanck
rifling Rodriguez's pockets while the Pe
ruvian was .'sleeping in a wagon at Davis
and Washington" streets. Blanck has
made a counter charge against Perez.
When Sorgensen was searched at the pris
on $17 was found on his person,, but the
money was not of the denominations of
the coins Rodriguez says he was relieved
of. •
Sailor's Spree Ends in Jail.
Get your moving:.' shipping: and storing done
by Beklns,Van and Storage Co., 630 Market. •
Richard. Burke, one of the owners of
the Occidental Hotel, returned from Ire
land yesterday and is at the hotel ac
companied by his son.
Samuel Leask, a Santa Cruz merchant,
Is here on a short business trip and has
made his headquarters at the Grand. .
E..A. Roberts, a prominent resident of
Sacramento, is registered at the Califor
nia, :
H. C. D. Barnhart, a rancher of Sulsun,
Is. af the -Lick. ; . '-•
R." H. Herron, a dealer in oil supplies,
is at the Palace.
W. F. Porter, a fruit grower of Fresno,
is at the Occidental.
, W. JL Holabird, a Los Angeles real es
tate man, Is at. the Palace.
W. . R, ¦ Spaldlng, a lumber dealer" of
Vlsalla, is a. guest at the, Lick.
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, .is at the California.
J.;M. Gardner, a railroad contractor of
Los Angelesris registered at the Grand.
PERSONAL.
playing , craps in David Guinaso's saloon
at 1509 Dupont street. Captain Birdsall
and. Policeman'Davids went tp the saloon,*
and as they were seen approaching a look-"
out gave the alarm and they, only found
itwo men in the room. The players were
arrested and dice and 57 in coin were
seized ;as evidence. The men gave their
names as Leon Bernard, a paper carrier,
and Joseph Toppiano, a teamster. They
were.bookedt.at the City Prison for play
ing craps, and were released on $10 cash
¦ bail each. ¦
Detective Charles Cody took charge of
the case, and after bringing Gonzales to
the Hall of Justice, where his statement
was taken, sent him "back to the hospital,
as his wound was very painful. The man
expressed regret for. the act of' his wife
and positively refused to make any
charge against her. He is 43 years of aga
and she is 30. His nationality is Spanish,
while she is an Englishwoman.
visit a relative. Just previous t«j the time
arranged for their departure two young
girls passed the shop and Gonzales smiled
and made "googoo" eyes at them. Tho
irate wife asked him to desist, threaten
ing to put a bullet through him and then
kill herself if he did not. A pistol was
lying near by, and after a moment's con
versation she picked it up and fired at
him. Wounded, her husband turned upon
her and struggled for the possession of
the weapon. During the struggle the
trigger was pulled and a bullet struck her
in the left breast.
Summer Costumes on the Beach.
Several thousand people visited the
ocean beach yesterday. The day proved
ideal and the ladies took advantage of
the pleasant weather to attire them
selves in light, summer costumes. The
beach, with its hundreds of girls and wo
men attired in white dresses, presented a
scene not unlike a popular summer re
sort. In the park the driveways were
crowded with vehicles of all descriptions.
The park band concert was well attended.
Accused of Grand Larceny.
Lea Meyer, a woman of Bacon place,
was booked at the City Prison yesterday
on a charge of grand larceny. The com
plaining witness is James Smith, a rigger
of Benicia, who alleges that the woman on
Saturday night stole his gold watch,
valued at $55, and his chain, valued at $8.
pears In his funny role of the balloonist,
and has tacked on much new joy to the
part. ' ' • •
Arthur Cunningham's fine voice will be
heard in Don Pablo Tabaslo's part, and
Edward Webb is finely cast Ned Winner.
Miss Graham again assumes, the role of
the High Priestess, and Annie Myers Is
to be again the favorite nautch . girl and
Mr. Steindorff is to the fore with all the
music necessary.
• • • ¦¦.-.'.
The Central returns to melodrama this
week, with an elaborate version of a New
York success, entitled "The Road to
Ruin." The drama has all the elements
to make for a Central success, ¦ and is
founded on the celebrated swindling oper
ations of Fayne Moore. A young farmer
from Long Island is drawn into a "badger
game," and after thrilling adventures by
the buahelis rescued finally by a Jewish
friend and his sweetheart, Issy Cohen
and Rebecca. One of the scenes in "The
Road to Ruin" pictures the hero and vil
lain engaged In a tooth and nail conflict
while suspended in midair supported only
by the window sash to which they are
hanging. There will . also be many spe
cialties during the evening. »
' • ." • • ¦....•
"Zaza" to-night begins its third week
at the Alcazar, to houses still showing
no sign of decrease. A fourth week is now
contemplated, and the present week -will
see full houses every night. The.produc
tion Is a meritorious one in every respect,
and shows Miss Roberts at her best.
.¦'*¦.* • • ¦ ¦ l .
To-night marks' an .event in San* Fran
cisco in the record-breaking run of "Fid
, die Dee Dee" at Fischer's Theater. In
cluding the performance this evening, the
burlesque will have been given 103 times,
the longest run of a single play that has
ever occurred on any stage in San Fran
cisco. To commemorate i the occasion,
souvenirs will be distributed to every per
son who attends. , ' '. - " ¦ •
A fine performance is offered • at the
Chutes this week, including the twin sis
ters Meredith, refined singers, and dancer;
the two little Pucks, unusually clever
Juvenile performers; Webber and Elliott,
the "musical wizards"; Mae Preston,
character change artist; Kelly and Kent,
in "Ginger Snaps"; Murphy and Slater,
colored comedians, and new moving pic
tures. Hardy Downing loops the loop on
his wheel and Mme. Schell puts her per
forming lions through ¦ their tricks every
afternoon and evening.
Mrs. Gonzales' story Is much at vari
ance with that told by her husband. She
claims to have had trouble with Gon
zales since their marriage on account of
the attentions he paid to other, women.
Yesterday morning, according . to . her
story, they were to go across the bay to
Gonzales Is a barber and resides at' 1218
Point Lobos avenue. His shop is located
at the same address. He says that his
wife when she fired theshiots was under
the influence of liquor' she had drunk
while grieving over the fact that, she
could not see her daughter Bessie, 14
years of age, who is in the custody of
Henry Schultze, Mrs. Gonzales' • divorced
husband. The barber says he found his
wife In a stupor and chided her gently.
Soon afterward he was bending over a
basket of towels in the shop when she
shot at him from behind a portiere. She
then turned the pistol i on herself. Once
before, Gonzales says, she tried to shoot
herself.
Point Lobos avenue yesterday
afternoon. The shooting, according to
the woman's statement, was the- result
of extreme jealousy on her part, while
the man excuses her murderous act by
saying that Insanity from intoxication
was the occasion for it all; and ,he re
fuses positively to prosecute her> Gon
zales was shot in the back. The bullet
passed around his body and, tearing out
the inner lining of his pocket, was found
in that receptacle by the surgeons at the
French Hospital. Mrs. Gonzales was
struck in the left breast. The bullet split
on her shoulder blade and one portion of
it was extracted at the Park Emergency
Hospital, while the other was taken out
at the Central Emergency Hospital. /
MRS. MAY VICTORIA GON
ZAL.ES shot her husband and
then wounded herself with , a
large Colt's revolver out on
The Idol's Eye," the Troll's record
production, will to-night be revived at
that popular house. The cast will be al
most identical with the cast of the last
production, with some small exception,
but the mountings aro to be new. Sybil
Page, a new soprano, will make her first
appearance in the part of Marguerite, and
Cashman has the Wheelan part of "Hoot
Mon." Ferris Hartman, ol course, ap-
The second week of the engagement of
E. J. Morgan and Maude Fealy at the
Grand Opera-house will be given over to
a grand revival of "The Two Orphans."
This perennial favorite of the melodrama
of romance will be produced with the ut
most elaborateness by the management.
The fine stage will be thrown open to its
farthest bounds, forming a space equal in
depth to the full depth of the large audi
torium. Mr. Morgan is cast as the cheva
lier. Miss Fealy as the blind girl Louise,
and the two stars will be ablv supported
by the house company. The play will'
doubtless draw largely, as it always does
with the regnant stars and handsome
settings, and will doubtless also be found
full of the thrill and 'excitement that its
romantic situations never fail to cause.
All kinds of interest attach to the new
Pinerft play to be given to-night at the
Columbia Theater. "The Gay Lord
Quex," by its astonishing run of 400
nights in London and corresponding suc
cess in New York when it was brought
to America by John Hare and Marie V an
brugh, compels at least a respectful at
tention. Henry Miller and Margaret An
glln have the leading roles of Lord Quex
and Sophy Fullgarney, the manicurist,
respectively, and in them have opportu
nity to exhibit the best that is in them.
Quex has been much of the earth, earthy,
but has achieved a' genuine reform
through love for a sweet young woman.
Muriel Eden. Muriel Eden (Grace Ellls
tcn) is the foster-sister of the mani
curist, who, being familiar with the
world's ways and the Quex reputation,
decides that the reformed lord is hot good
enough for her beloved Muriel. She de
termines therfore to break off the match.
An opportunity is afforded her by over
hearing an appointment made by a former
flame of Lord Quex to meet him to say
a sentimental farewell, this character,
the Duchess of Strood, offering a deli
cious chance to Miss Jennie Eustace,
whose stunning work with Mr. Miller
last season has left a grateful memory.
Miss Fullgarney, with all the low ma
chinery of which her class is capable, in
veigles herself Into the service of the
Duchess for an evening, and is discovered
by Quex and the lady at the keyhole of
her boudoir. . Then she in turn is trapped
by Lord Quex, who has happened to be
a perfectly innocent victim of the Duch
ess' freak of sentiment, and a very pow
erful scene takes place between the two.
The manicurist discovers that "the wick
edest man in London" is not so black as
he has been painted; Quex, that however
mistaken in her methods, the manicurist's
devotion to her foster-sister is deep and
sincere, and the end of the act finds the
queer pair almost friends. There are
many smaller parts of much merit, that
with' the brilliant company at the Colum
bia will be splendidly handled. There will
be an extra matinee on Wednesday.
Of the new numbers presented at the
Orpheum this week Dave Lewis is the
best. His German dialect is funny and
his dialogue clever. Frederick Hallen and
Mollie Fuller are old favorites, but "The
Sleep Walkers" is a trifle too somnambu
lent. Mr. and Mrs. Waterous are excep
tionally good operatic vocalists. Mr. Wat
erous has a rich, mellow voice and he
sings "cellar" songs with gusto. Jehan
Bedini caught no turnips >last night. He
juggled his way into favor and the audi
ence wondered who pays for the crockery
his assistant breaks during their act.
Swan and Bambard open the bill and do
some grotesque work. Mabel Sisson and
May Stewart present "A Mysterious Pill,"
a playlet the erstwhile firm of Barnes and
Sisson presented a year ago. Miss Stew
art is clever, but it is difficult for her to
play Barnes' part and do justice to it.
Eleanor Falk and company do everything
but the pajam^. dance. Loris and-Altina
continue their William Tell act. The bio
graph has some interesting pictures.
Frederick Warde, with Judith Berolde
and a good company, opens a short sea
son of the classic drama next Sunday
evening.- The opening play will be Boker's
"Francesca dx Rimini."
. The Eagles were out In force last night
at the California Theater on the occa
sion of the public welcome to James Neill
and some members of his clever com
pany who have lately joined the order.
The event was signalized by the presen
tation to Mr. Neill of a silver traveling
card, and of many beautiful floral offer-
Ings to the ladies of the company. The
gifts were presented by Charles F. Nagle,
president of the local. Aerie of Eagles,
after the second act of "Niobe," the bill
of the week, and were gracefully ac
knowledged by Mr. Neill for himself and
his confreres. "
This is the last week of the Neill en
gagement, and the bill chosen Is one that
should be very popular. The play kept |
the house in high good humor last nignt
with its many laughter-provoking situa
tions, and is particularly well cast and
acted. As Niobe, the statue that comes
to life, Galatea-fashion, Edythe Chapman
does excellent work, the artless, uncon
sciousness of the resuscitated Greek be
ing admirably given. Mr. Neill has the
role of Peter Dunn, who revives the
statue and is then compelled to heroic
prevarications to explain the strange
lady's presence to his wife, and the actor
gets much fun out of the part. Donald
Bowles is happy as Cornelius. Griffin, Ger
trude Kellar is conspicuously natural and
charming as Hattie Griffin, and Lillian
Andrews, as the shrewish Miss. Griffin,
does nobly. The rest of the cast is well
filled in, and the show should see good
business.
An inquest will not be held and the
body will be taken to Alameda for inter
ment. Before coming to this city sev
eral years aso the family lived in Wash
ington, D. C. The son is an attorney
here.
"I waited till after 6 o'clock," said Mr.
Crosby, "and then crossed the bay and
went to the Central police station. Th-3
officer in charge telephoned to the differ
ent sub-stations and to the Emergency
Hospitals, but could learn nothing about
her. 1 slopped in the city till 10 o'clock
making personal inquiries, and returned
home. I came across the bay this morn
ing and on the boat purchased a copy of
The Call and recognized my wife from
the sketch in the paper. When I went to
the Morgue my worst fears were con
firmed."
Crosby said his wife left their home,
1255 Versailles avenue, Alameda, to come
to this city to meet him and return home
with him. She had been for years a suf
ferer from heart trouble, but was feeling
very well Saturday morning. As she did
not meet him he thought she had
changed her mind, but when he got home
his son told him that she had gone across
the bay.
The body of the lady who died sud
denly on the ferry-boat Enclnal while
crossing the bay from Oakland Saturday
afternoon was identified at the Morgue
yesterday morning by H. T. Crosby, gen
eral service clerk at army headquarters
in this city, as that of his wife. He was
deeply affected when he saw the body
and could not speak for several minutes.
Remains of Woman "Who
Died on Perry-Boat
Are Identified. .
Visit Theater and Present
Silver Traveling Card
to Mr. NeilL
EAGLES GATHER
AT CALIFORNIA
FINDS HIS WIFE'S
BODY IN MORGUE
Human beings need the sunshine as
much as plant^db. Don't be afraid of its
causing freckles, for we have the best
of authority that it does not do anything
of the kind. — Ladies' Home Journal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JUNE 23, 1902.
Mrs. May Victoria Gonzales Fires at. Her Better Ha ] f and
Receives Injury Accidentally, She Oaims, From Same
Revolver— Principals Tell Conflicting* Stories of Affair
WO MAN SH00T5 AND WOUNDS
HER HUSBAND AND HERSELF
BARBER, AND HIS WIFE,
WHO ATTEMPTED TO KILL.
HIM WITH A REVOLVER.
10
ADVERTISEMENTS. - ¦
AND LACES.
SPECIALS THIS WEEK.
500 Dozen LADIES' SWISS EMBROIDERED BAND COL-
*; LARS, In alout 75 different patterns. These collars
are In pure white, also white and hlack, and assorted
colors. Price J 2^c Each
Regular value 25c. 35c and 4Oc
75 Dozen LADIES' LAWN EMBROIDERED BAND COL-
LARS, 10 different patterns. These are In pnre
white and grass linen shades.. -Price 20c Each
Former price 4Oc
150 Dozen LADIES' POINT VEN1SE LACE BAND'COL-
LARS, 29 different patterns. These collars were
Imported to sell at 60c and 75c each ,
Allthis lot3OcEach M
Dozen LADIES' SWISS MULL AND LAWN WASH
CROAT TIES. These are In white and a good assort-
ment of colors Price to close 25c Each
100 Dozen LADIES' UNLAUNDERED, HEMSTITCHED
AND INITIALED SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS.
In these we haye a full assortment of letters
Price 90c Half Dozen
100 Dozen LADIES' DEMI-LAUNDERED AND HAND-
EMBROIDERED SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS..
• $3.00 Dozen
100 Dozen GENTS' UNLAUNDERED, HEMSTITCHED AND
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS. These are Irish
manufacture and warranted pure linen
....... Will be sold at $1.50 Half Dozen
500 Dozen ENGLISH COTTON TORCHON LACE, Doth edg-
ings and lnsertlngs, from one Inch to three Inches
in width, all good designs
• • Prices 40c, 50c and 60c Dozen
Our Mall Order Department Is most complete. All
orders fop samples or goods filled and shipped sama
dan then are received,
Ill 113 US IfT 119 191 pn^T 9TPFFT
qCH-DBERg QQLDBEItG
BQWEN i BQWEH
St'CD ! JICO,
Estimates for campers— "¦¦,-. b i r d p a*t e i
Quick' luncheon delicacies Franco American-sandwich ' 2OC
Monday Tuesday Wednesday Refrigerators
E g g s Pres erved figs
Quality guaranteed— dozen 2OC Also prunes— enough for two— Ioc
T a K 1 f K ii t r i- reg'Iy I2ic can
i a d i e Dutier j *j' r*
r, ¦' l m ported tiers
Fancy creamery— square 35c r &
P O 11 11 1 a r t #»Vc Smyrna layers-2 Ib boxes— 30c 40c
xuu u 1 a r teas TTr •« i
Mandarin Nectar- COC J
Ancoombra Ceylon— reg'Iy 60c Ib ° Old stock bourbon— Sits:
Crescent coffee &%&»**»*- 4S o
S3V8SS- =' 2OC . Brandy
reg'Iy 25c Ib— 5 lbs 90c Private stock— Baldwin— <t 1 r
S« ,. A X « «!«'•" vintage 1883— * >>
a T a 1 II e S reg'Iy $i 50 bottle— $6 gallon 4 5°
Ispa— extra fine— 2for 2 r c R 11 r ff 11 n H v
reg'Iy 15c can 2 5 C DUTgUnay
Jeanne d'Arc— reg'Iy 20c can 2 for 35 C Howell Mt.— dilute one third— 6 r C
Canned corn -f^ 1^ 1 -
Eastern pack- j 3 for g& Mal1 Orde f rS fllled C^ectly
reg'Iy ioc can -> — promptly
Country orders —we guar- Cinger ale
antee Safe packing Schwep P e-rlch-sparkIing- $x , o
C reg'Iy $1 50 dozen— imported v °
-ocoanut -ri j
cu » 1.JJJ . lalcum powder
Schepp's— shredded— 2lb$i CC 1
fresh flavor— reg'Iy 30c Ib : - • Lady Jeanette— 3 cans o cq
Cj r if| . antiseptic— gives relief from °
anned apples excessive perspiration
New York State— cheaper 2 former A "• - . j
than fresh apples-reg'ly 15c can A FT'l V C Q
M a r m a 1 a d e New crop English brea kfast
Keiller — Dundee — wholesale 2OC . f M finp n\ri lava rnff^P
price-reg'ly 25c jar 2OC l f. " n . e 01Q ja Y a conee —
• T • t direct importation — send
Lucca oil for catalogue
Sublime— our importation from roc
ltaiy-reg'Iy 60c bottle ' D 432 Pino 232 Sutter 2800 California
- San Francisco
Thirteenth Snd Clay Streets Oakland
ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, nTTrtHinmn T^r
Counselor-at-La w -A nTRKliTfilJY
U. S. Supreme Court. Registered Attorney JL/ JL JL fL JO \J A \J? JLE. X
U. S. Patent Of Bee. United States and For- . '• .
c^VTghts 11 . 13 - Caveats ' Trade Marka Md OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
No. 700 7th Street, N. W. Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
opp. u. s. Patent office. Washington, D.C. on Application
COAL. COKE AND PIQ IRON.
DR.PfZRCE'S 1 J-cwiLSQN&c).. T aaars^&.
VLJJ $1$ IL m$ mL iQ fresh and salt meats. ,
DISCOVEKY
FOR THE LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A ELLI3L
BLOOD, LIVER. LUNGS. ' 418 Front st - & F - Phon » Main Kia -
; : PRINT ING.
ym i 1VT v Bedi, Chair.. Stove.. Eta. £. C- HUGHES «, *«**™» ' -
I 7 k ¦ la/1 1 I T<mu Ior Kent and for Sale HUUHLJ. b U Sansomg st. & T.
I /I* if 1 B Ga £% Itl fl«. Fishing Tackle J
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS. •
HAIR WON'T FALL OUT.
If You Kill the Dandruff Germ With
. . the New Treatment.
John N. Fuller, a well known citizen of
Colfax, Wash., says:. "I had dandruff
so badly, that it caked on my scalp. Her-
picide completely cured me." - George H.
McWhirk of Walla Walla,, Wash, says:
"Herpicide, completely, cured me of a bad
case of dandruff of 30 years* standing."
They took the only really, sensible treat-
ment, . a remedy that „ destroys the dan-
druff germ— Newbro's Herpicide. Stop
daindruff, ' hair won't : fall out, but will
crow naturally; luxuriantly. Allays itch-
ing, instantly and makes hair glossy and
soft as silk. At druggists'. One bottle
will convince any doubter of its merits.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good enough
for anybody!
jAll Havana Filler
¦j FLORODORA " BANDS en
cf same value as tags from
" STAR." ¦• HORSE SHOE,"
-SPEARHEAD."" STANDARD NA VT."
•• OLD PEACH & HONEY/'
"SAW LOG." " OLE VARGINY'*
or "MASTER WORKMAN" Tobacco.
6
V^jHriSgu Weak Eyes Strsnftthsnsd.
i£j*G^**L Painful or Inflamed eyes in-
t?B5ig?.£hip Ftantly relieved v.'ith GEORGE
§,v5tD'o' HAYERLE'S German Eye
%0fZ£S^ Water. SOe. at 1071 Market
?V**W X s t. lei. South 572. None gen-
7 ' si,' , , ulae without this trademark.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
-aaoonii ¦ ¦¦mi miii iw^ |^ m«mm — — ¦ nglTT^
I GIBSON'S
Observations No. 15.
Published by. "Your Bosom Friend/' every once in m -while
I It's a ten to one shot that when you go
I on your vacation you'll buy a lot of shirts'
t that don't half fit. And you'll never know it
1 I until you get there and begin wearing one
1 without a coat.
I Now there is'only one way to get a satis-
I factory shirt. That way is to have it fitted
S to you, and the place to come is here. Every
I shirt I sell FITS, and I tell you, gentlemen, it
(I pays to wear clothes that fit.
My bid for, your trade is backed by my
1 j absolute confidence that I can please you.
[ There are no mistakes at Gibson's — even .
[ neckwear comes in sizes.
q ! j ; Q
John T. Gibson, "Your Bosom Friend." '
4 Furnishings for Gentlemen. ,
j 1202*1204 Market St. 'Phone South 850